The constructive role played by the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) to assist developing countries in fulfilling the rights of their children and the declaration by the head of the delegation that Canada will double its international aid by 2010.
3. From 1 through 5 March 2002, the Special Rapporteur visited Khartoum, where he met with the First Vice-President, the Presidential Adviser on peace, the Ministers of Justice, Defence, Energy and Mining, Information and Communication, Guidance and Endowment, the State Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Head of the Human Rights Committee in the National Assembly, as well as the Rapporteur of the Advisory Council for Human Rights.
B. Return of refugees and internally displaced persons
To do so, they needed a stronger support for economic reform and technical assistance.
In recognition of this reality, we have worked to improve both the immediate assistance the United Nations can provide to our teams on the ground in such situations and the services we can offer to the country concerned.
At its 6th meeting, on 6 May 2009, the Working Group adopted the present report on Monaco.
The economic arena is another space where women face discrimination and violence.
269. The Committee notes with satisfaction that the Convention is incorporated into the domestic law of the State party and can be directly applied in national courts.
2. The Secretariat of the Group on Earth Observations (GEO) provided a brief overview of the work of GEO, its membership and of the work carried out by the GEO Executive Committee during it meeting on 11 April 2006.
The Vortex is deadly, because in the face of all that approval and positive feedback (way more, in many cases, than we get on our jobs most of the time), it's easy to lose one's head. It's easy to overlook slights and red flags that should warn us away from dangerous waters.
C. Decisions of the Conference of the Parties at its firs session 19-21 9
Several types of North-South research networks have emerged.
7. Atwa Abu Muhsen
These practices amount to a violation of article 7 of the Covenant with respect to the family and relatives of the executed persons (art. 7).
The data on migrant stock will continue to be collected through the Yearbook census questionnaire.
Reference is also made to decision VIII/26 concerning the obligations of Parties, under paragraph 4 of article 4 and paragraph 5 of article 9 of the Convention, to adopt legal, administrative and other measures to implement and enforce the provisions of the Convention, and to prevent and punish illegal traffic.
V. CONSIDERATION OF COMPLAINTS UNDER ARTICLE 22 OF THE CONVENTION 241- 272 91
Miss Crawford found a sister without preciseness or rusticity, a sister's husband who looked the gentleman, and a house commodious and well fitted up;
Afghanistan
Economic Community of West African States
What do you do for a living?
11 November 1958
Where indefinite incapacity to work has been established
3. In recent years, the safety of blood and other products as well as of medical interventions have been ensured.
She turned around and found her mother standing behind her, beaming with smile
They welcomed the signing of the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur between the Government of Sudan and the Liberation and Justice Movement on 14 July 2011 under the auspices of the Government of Qatar, and considered the document a solid foundation for an all-inclusive peaceful and just settlements leading to peace and security in Darfur.
An optimal selection method of aim points in shooting area target of active homing missile is explored and constructed in this article.
The Traffic Formation is responsible for traffic control and enforcement; the investigation of traffic accidents; and the promotion of road safety within the Region.
VIII Consultants and individual contractors
All right, make sure that CBP understands the nerve gas is housed in 20 canisters of gray metal that are unmarked.
20. The draft therefore sought to dispel the myth that drylands are empty, barren places with little economic value and that they have impeded progress towards sustainable development.
Chapter three describes the impacts of jurisdiction expansion on immunity.
Mr. Sarbuland Khan, Director of the Division for ECOSOC Support and Coordination, will be the moderator.
The President: The Assembly will take action on draft resolution X, recommend by the Third Committee in paragraph 173 of its report.
The elections in Mozambique had a number of positive outcomes, the most important of which was the universal acknowledgment of a transparently fair electoral procedure.
His support, via Al Jazeera, of the Arab Spring’s revolutions – and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned – has only strengthened Qatar’s position.
Asian States:
Even though some provisions are now dated, the Rules continue to be vital and are considered to be among the most important soft-law instruments for the interpretation of various aspects of the rights of prisoners.
Half of our profits come from sales abroad.
This afternoon we went to the gym for a workout.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith, the decisions taken by the General Assembly at the 17th plenary meeting of its sixtieth session, on 20 September 2005, pertaining to the allocation of items to the Third Committee (see annex).
On electronic commerce strategies, the lack of readily available data on the use of ICT and e-commerce was a major obstacle to identifying priority areas of policy action.
Improving services to deliver traditional vaccines will reduce the number of vaccine-preventable deaths.
It was pointed out that for stabilization at around 550 ppm CO2 eq. carbon prices should reach USD 20 - 80 per tonne of CO2 eq. by 2030.
The Palestinian Authority contends that on 3 April 150 people, including women and children, sought refuge in the Church.
Main agenda items
(b) A comparison with the previous biennium of additional outputs implemented at the initiative of the Secretariat;
CEMENT- WATER GLASS APPLIED TO GROUT FILLING IN SOFT ALLUVIAL SOIL FOUNDATION
The question is: how valuable is, how valuable is that advise . advice?
12. Also underlines the importance of the unequivocal undertaking by the nuclear-weapon States, in the Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, to accomplish the total elimination of their nuclear arsenals leading to nuclear disarmament, to which all States parties are committed under article VI of the Treaty,6 and the reaffirmation by the States parties that the total elimination of nuclear weapons is the only absolute guarantee against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons;
On the other hand, the case study of Turkey indicates that the Capital Markets Board, and subsequently the Turkish Accounting Standards Board, led the IFRS implementation process.
Official travel
I love to score goals after passing all the defenders as well as the keeper. This is not my speciality, but my habit.
Well, my knowledge in the field is but a drop in the bucket.
St Peter's Collegiate Church
The non-proliferation system had been under severe strain in recent years and IAEA had faced challenges in respect of verification, compliance and enforcement.
412. For these reasons, the Special Rapporteur proposes that the text of Part 2, Chapter III should read as follows:
This admission recognizes that Mexico has the necessary legal framework and the administrative instruments to comply with the 40 recommendations of the Group regarding money-laundering.
:: Maintaining and updating the calendar of scheduled hearings
4 Aug. 2006
The duke says:
21. For 2002, Myanmar reported the detection of nine clandestine laboratories manufacturing heroin in the northern parts of Shan state.
The restaurants, drugstore, grocery store, and shopping was close by.
Resolution 1702 (2006)
Shall my heart become a tree heavy-laden with fruit that I may gather and give unto them
And the LORD said to Samuel: "See, I am about to do something in Israel that will make the ears of everyone who hears of it tingle.
10 a.m. 6th meeting Conference Room 3 (NLB)
At the regional level, the Namibian Parliament had recently been involved in convening a regional workshop for the States members of the Southern Africa Development Community on the CTBT, and it remains committed to following up on these efforts.
Welcoming the intention of the United Nations Office in Burundi and the United Nations system to organize in 2013 an initiative, with broad participation, on lessons learned from the 2010 electoral process to inform the preparation of the 2015 elections,
Such a majority is hard to come by in a parliament with a low attendance level.
3 June 1960, Dhaka, Bangladesh
Indeed, close to 25,000 declared ex-combatants not yet rehabilitated are awaiting assistance.
In management level, Fuanna  reengineer the training policy to highlight all the main and key policies.
They'd prefer to think that the road they hacked across India's steep Patkai Range and down through the jungles of Burma to China during World War II is gone.
Note by the Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
She did not dream that in such guise new-born love would epitomize itself.Nor did she dream that the feeling he excited in her was love.
Other comments and suggestions:
India IND
1.1 Stable security environment in Liberia
Never too late to repent; repentance is never too soon.
Rapporteur: Mr. Miguel Carbo (Ecuador)
S/2010/417
The Permanent Representative of France has just spoken on behalf of the European Union and my delegation endorses everything he has said.
In continuing the use of methyl bromide for emergency situations, Canada ensured that the criteria of decision IX/6 were fulfilled, in line with the country's rigorous regulatory regime.
As to enabling more timely and efficient procurement, the Advisory Committee recalls that the Department of Management has increased the delegation of procurement authority to DFS from $200,000 to $500,000 for procurement cases that are neither core nor contain special requirements.
Branded merchandise is that bearing a standard brand name.
33. The Bureau in its report commented on the lack of knowledge and general awareness of CST activities.
Furniture and equipment for Women's Programme Centres in Jordan
Take a course in happiness. Happiness study is revolutionizing how we think of psychology, economics, and sociology
Honour killings in most instances go unreported; murders are committed within the context of shame, property disputes and inheritance rights of women.
Because of wide differences in the character and zinc content of scrap, recycling processes for zinc-bearing scrap vary widely.
Every day I am more satisfied that the former enquiry is vain and delusive , and the latter only the true objects of the science.
Family planning education in schools
Decomposition temperature
Their paths diverged at the fork in the road.
The recording of this album is done in the US.
To prevent that, we seek to shore up our current intention to lose weight.
Wilhelmina slater does not support our troops.
In part, that entailed guidance and a narrow reliance on a network of worldrenowned academic institutions representing preeminent scholarly thinking worldwide.
10. Statistics and economic projections
NATIONS Distr. GENERAL
Selonnet
As the world first-class university, the Stanford University's doctorate cultivation is the best in US.
Dispute resolution (Working Group report, para. 67)
The Constitutional Court found that both that amendment and the law on electoral guarantees were in accordance with the Constitution.
It met with the plant manager and asked him about HMX, an explosive used in stone quarries.
For that reason, the two regions will draw up their own laws and regulations for the thorough implementation of resolution 1803 (2008) after receiving notification from the central Government.
In that context, heads of State or Government of the Non-Aligned Movement -- meeting at their Summit Conference held in Havana, Cuba, in September 2006 -- reiterated their support for the convening of SSOD-IV and emphasized the need to reconvene the Open-ended Working Group at an early date, preferably in 2007.
As such, the quota system for women has gained practical strength.
The house was swept very clean in and out
Within the Second Authority itself, women make up 66.6% (4 of 6) of the high-ranking positions.
 The decisions and recommendations of the Earth Summit will, as they are implemented, gradually become solid landmarks for current and future generations in the building of a society that, thanks to the achievement of sustainable development, will not run the risk of self-destruction.
118. Growing attention is being paid to capacity-building of local-level institutions.
Voting with a mobile urn is to be carried out by the canvassing committee at the residence of the elector citizen.
) Google was based on a couple of brilliant ideas (Page rank, text-only ads, massive parallel implementation on cheap hardware) but none of those ideas were original with Larry or Sergey
) (Covered in a red scarf and with a basket in one hand, she rushed into the room, quite out of breath
This realignment has streamlined the command and control structure.
6. Welfare
Recalling its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001 establishing under the regular agenda item entitled "Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits", a regular sub-item entitled "Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010",
The Security Council has recognized the key role of the Quartet in the efforts to relaunch a Middle East peace process.
175. Moreover, the provisions in force on the guardianship of minors, i.e. Act No. 10.903, which amended the system of parental authority, guarantee the right of minors not to be subjected to abuse and exploitation.
The volunteer went on to share that her diabetic daughter had spotted the insulin pump.
The representative of UNDP provided additional information, saying that Ukraine was one of the countries participating in a regional project funded by GEF to accelerate the phase-out of HCFCs.
Georgia is a party to the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees (1951).
Contingency Requirements
Nanjing Nanjing City/ Xuanwu District
1. Letter of request for pass from the Permanent Mission, indicating names and functional titles and specifying the duration of stay. SG.6 Forms are not required.
Mr. Joinet subsequently joined the sponsors.
Members from both developing and industrialized countries can do much to influence this process within their own Governments.
- the formulation of policies common to the eight member States in the agricultural, mining, industrial, women's empowerment and other sectors;
The details and topics of these events will be recommended by the Bureau of the preparatory committee through transparent open-ended consultations.
Overall,  this will bring cumulative savings from 2000-01 to 2002-03 to $5.4 billion, or 5.2% of  baseline expenditure, exceeding the cumulative savings target of 5%.
24. Ms. Walker (Canada) said that her delegation did not see the need for the draft resolution just adopted.
2. Member States are encouraged to take actions for promoting a culture of peace at the national level as well as at the regional and international levels.
The Convention, by taking account of recent developments, represented an improvement over the 1952 Convention.
The Committee found a violation of article 9, paragraph 2 (b), of the Convention.
 Obviously, domestic markets are not strong enough to undertake large-scale projects in terms either of production or of infrastructure.
Mr. BELLO (Nigeria) said that the system of checks and balances which article 13 was intended to provide was inadequate.
67. The Assembly has urged compliance with relevant guidelines on page limits.
1 Please refer to the report of the thirty-second meeting of the Implementation Committee, document UNEP/OzL.Pro/ImpCom/32/6.
This magazine will be running a special feature on education next week.
He lives here in Tokyo.
In view of the observed downward trend in the actual income, ESCAP is reviewing the business model for catering services and is planning to restructure the catering operations.
We hope that the French side could listen to the Chinese people, adopt an objective and impartial attitude, respect facts, draw a clear line between the right and wrong, and, as the vast majority countries of the international community have done, understand and support the just position and legitimate measures taken by the Chinese Government.
A/44/40
The insurer has far more than that in assets that it could sell, but it could not get the cash quickly enough to satisfy the collateral demands.
As China emerges as one of the world's leading powers, this dream grows stronger and brighter every day.
Ronald H. A. Plasterk
Most of those people live in overcrowded urban slums where the main challenges are inadequate housing, lack of secure tenure, uncertain employment and lack of basic services, especially safe water and sanitation.
Section 23
This work is carried out mainly through specialized organizations.
Gender Unit
Military Demarcation Line
The secret was passed on to a business associate of Mr. Edison.
- That are the beneficiaries of transactions conducted by professional intermediaries; or
[General]
If those bodies consistently expressed a particular view on the interpretation of a certain category of reservations, that view could become an authoritative interpretation.
Garland's research team reviewed 63 studies, including several large long-term ones, on the relationship between vitamin D and certain types of cancer worldwide between 1966 and 2004.
Programme of work
UNDP is also seeking to increase the geographic coverage of its programmes.
The agenda was as follows:
In spring we usually set the clocks ahead one hour to take advantage of the summer daylight.
Peaceful use and nuclear non-proliferation
EEK she sat straight up in her bed.
Doc, hold it. Put on the brake, I'm gonna take it from here.
An anti-extremism act was adopted in 2002, but the phenomenon has only spread since then.
The PRESIDENT: I thank the representative of the Syrian Arab Republic for his statement and for the kind words addressed to the Chair.
And I dare to admit my mistakes!
Facilitate and drive supplier continuous improvement.
Principal business strategies under this corporate strategy are:(1) Join forces with domestic steel-related industries, government institutions, the academia and research institutions to set up the "R&D Driving Office for Steel Industry Upgrading.
The data centre now also includes the quarantine and pre-shipment data requested by the Parties in paragraph 2 (b) of decision XX/6.
Government authorities have been instructed to give an account of their efforts to review and eliminate pay differentials.
Protecting this vital source requires guidance in the use of water, especially in agriculture.
The draft resolution submitted under item 85 is contained in paragraph 8 of the report.
According to requirement of input scanning and output scanning the design methods of acoustooptic modulator and acoustooptic deflector are researched in this paper.
473. The Committee is concerned about reports on the contamination of village waterworks by radioactive agents, exceeding safety standards for drinking water.
Dubyna, Brody Raion
71. In this second case, however, paragraph 2 (d) could probably be omitted, as the hypothesis envisaged is marginal; it might perhaps be sufficient to mention it in the commentary.
By June 2011, nine missions had been conducted to communities in locations such as Ein Siro, Kutum, Killing, Kuma Garadayat, Golo, Kaguro, Tina and El Hara, as well as Sarong, a town in territory controlled by SLA-Abdul Wahid that had been inaccessible to the humanitarian community since 2009.
63. The forms taken by migration were diversifying, with all sectors of society being affected, with women accounting for almost half of all international migrants, and with young people seeking better prospects elsewhere in increasing numbers.
Stripper clip
Second Committee
Acknowledging also the constructive engagement of the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia and its subnational authorities in the universal periodic review, and its decision to hold a special meeting of the Council of Ministers before the end of June 2011 to consider its acceptance of numerous recommendations made at the review,
Here, we'd like to express our appreciations to governments and the relevant UN agencies for the tremendous amount of work they have done in this respect.We would like to take this opportunity to extend our thanks to the Independent Expert for the Secretary General's Study on Violence against Children, Committee on the Right of the Child, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict for their reports submitted to this meeting.
Non-compliance with articles I, III, IV and VI of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
The combination of heat, pressure and mechanical mastication is sufficient to achieve varying degrees of devulcanization.
Nobody entered the alley or left it; nobody resembling the Spaniard entered or left the tavern door.
Peru
In some patrilineal families (just under a quarter of all cases) she will not inherit at all, and either must live on land owned by her brothers or her family may decide to give her some land.
The embrace of the concept of the Olympic Truce by the United Nations was the conclusion of a long effort and, at the same time, the beginning of a new phase for the Truce.
A: I think I had a little bit of the flu.
Steam rises ominously as flowing lava hits the sea off the Italian island of Stromboli.
There will be a high-level meeting on "Integrating women into economic recovery", co-organized by the Peacebuilding Commission and the Executive Board of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women), on Friday, 18 November 2011, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 1 (NLB).
2. Under item 13 (a), Economic and environmental questions: sustainable development, add a sub-item entitled:
Such transfers are equally urgent for ensuring that the African countries' adaptation to the devastating consequences of climate change is not just a hope but a reality.
Nineteen new posts are proposed, consisting of 16 seconded officer posts and 3 General Service (Other level) posts.
What I will like to do is to be a reporter.
In cooperation with the International Federation of the Red Cross (IFRC) and WHO, UNICEF has provided training in the control of diarrhoeal diseases and acute respiratory infections and has cooperated with WHO in tuberculosis control activities and cholera preparedness.
1.7 Facilitate liaison between their mother units in the two states within its jurisdiction and to discuss the relevant issues which shall better inform the JBVMM agenda.
1.2.1 MATERIALS FOR CURRENT USE
In preparing its plan of action, the Russian Federation is encouraged to draw upon the assistance provided to the Party through the "Special Initiative for ODS Production Closure in the Russian Federation", which was signed in October 1998 and is still being implemented;
Recommending the incorporation of the agreed revised CRF tables into the upgraded CRF reporter software; SBSTA 35
But this is not a fairy-tale. This is about REAL WITCHES.
P.S. The response I would like to hear: I love you, Virginia, and I also want to spend a loving evening with you.
Employment accidents
There were some overtly erotic scenes in the film.
 Only the new members of the Constitutional Court have so far been appointed according to the new procedures.
It is composed of seven members, no two of whom may be nationals of the same State, who are appointed by the Assembly initially for three years and may be reappointed.
China is now a test-case for the theory, given strong indications that the property market is getting close to bubble territory.
His question elicit applause.
a Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 63/250, reflects the conversion to the Field Service category of approved General Service posts without change in functions.
The ship ran ashore.
 It should be noted that neither the National Correspondents nor anyone else directly or indirectly involved in the operation of the system assumes any responsibility for any error or omission or other deficiency.
21 June 1987
Siderurgica Mendes Junior S.A. v. “Icepearl”(The)
It was true, as he acquired knowledge and language, that he was drawing nearer, talking her speech, discovering ideas and delights in common; but this did not satisfy his lover's yearning.
820s
They feel every person has different opinions about a woman called "mother.
Financial accountability mechanisms are being established in all 10 states
/P What make you think you would be a success in this positionMy graduate school training combined with my internship should qualify me for BRthis particular job.
Please also provide information about the individual complaints procedure of the National Commission, how many complaints have been addressed and whether the commissioners have used the Convention in their investigations.
7063rd meeting, held on 19 November 2013.
OK, so this one explains to you what's going on in terms of approximation formulas.
Official statistics of the United Arab Emirates for Burundian gold imports in 2010 did not exceed 1 kg (see annex 151), while official gold export statistics for 2010 obtained in Bujumbura totalled 249 kg.
Group of governmental experts of the States parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, fourteenth session [Decision of the States parties, December 2001]b
Ignited the "sky full of stars" , only with a loud deafening noise, many hearts "small missile" flew into the air.
Besides the work of the Ministry of Education on a revised curriculum to eliminate stereotyping, please provide information on other concrete measures that have been taken to address discriminatory practices and stereotypes as well as on their impact.
I will rather be poor than make money by dishonest means.
After a lapse of a century and a half today, the continuation of this myth remains.
C. Aligning complementary, duplicate and conflicting mandates
And, by transforming how services are provided to the public, the e-government trend can offset the employment losses with productivity gains.
The period since the previous report (S/1998/834/Add.1) has been characterized by a decrease in military operations after the offensive against armed groups of Kosovo Albanians launched by Serb forces in August.
(g) Proposed strategic framework for the period 2014-2015: part two -- biennial programme plan for programme 13, International drug control, crime and terrorism prevention and criminal justice (A/67/6 (Prog. 13)).
41. The Ministry of Justice assigned additional resources to the judicial team working on the Raboteau massacre case.
68. Its main objective is to offer institutional support to the private sector.
As many speakers have pointed out, there is a need to develop further the working relationship between the Peacebuilding Commission and the Security Council, the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council.
The biggest risk for the global economic outlook is a deeper and longer slowdown than anticipated in the United States, with larger spillovers to the rest of the world through sharp adjustments in its current-account deficit.
However, this also presented a challenge, in that sourcing staff externally may have resulted in a lack of understanding of the actual conditions under which the United Nations conducts its peacekeeping operations.
Nevertheless, the Commission was of the view that the topic involved increasingly important issues relating to international law and that the Commission could make a contribution to the better understanding of the issues in this area.
In this connection, the feasibility of use of the International Standard Industrial Classification of All Economic Activities (ISIC), the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System (HS) and the Central Product Classification (CPC), as well as applicability of the territorial and residential principles and the related definitions of the statistical population, have to be further discussed (e.g., use of the territorial principle in energy balances and the residency principle in energy accounts).
She was interested to know what type of protection orders were available and how frequently were they used. Was it easy for women to obtain them?
In this context, the Council recognizes that such emergencies have direct and particular impact on women.
10) 155mm howitzer FH70
6. Welcomes decision EX.CL/Dec.494 (XV) on the situation of refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa, adopted by the Executive Council of the African Union at its fifteenth ordinary session, held in Sirte, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, from 28 to 30 June 2009;
The doors to the gardens, like the windows, are also carved in many different shapes, to bring more vividness and elegance to the surroundings
26. A representative of a private company called on other companies to join the Global Network Initiative to set common rules for the private sector to best respect human rights on the Internet.
14 December 2005
20. Acknowledges the close links between New Caledonia and the peoples of the South Pacific and the positive actions being taken by the French and territorial authorities to facilitate the further development of those links, including the development of closer relations with the countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum;
3. United Nations reform: measures and proposals [30]:
So the husband asked the Zen master, "What can I do?
should readdelete "will" before "meet" and insert "normally", to read, "
Britain will continue to a good variety of promotions through CIFIT to further advance bilateral investment.
(a) UNODC priorities presented to governing bodies, stakeholders and staff;
4.2 The State party further submits that the author had repeatedly abused his right of submission to the Human Rights Committee, including by not exhausting domestic legal remedies.
According to the Central Bureau of Statistics, inflation started to accelerate in December 2011 and increased by 4 percentage points from December 2011 to January 2012.
I do not choose one of the ordinary people. If I can do that, I have the right to become an extraordinary person.
Proceedings before the SSSC fail to meet international standards for fair trial.
The task force will work on the following:
(e) Strengthening research on the economic and environmental impact of extractive industries;
Learning English requires a lot of motivation.
Contents
With the metamodel, tool friendliness refers to how easy it is to design and develop a tool for a specific metamodel (DSL).
God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon the throne of his holiness
 (g) To apply to NPO surveys the relevant decisions approved at the thirty-seventh session in respect of the general methodology for surveys of the best prevailing conditions of service at non-headquarters duty stations;
However, the military rule was partly characterized by serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law against members of the opposition clans.
Finally, when establishing the National Preventive Mechanism as provided for under the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture, the State party should ensure that it does not compromise, but rather improves the execution of its core functions as a National Human Rights Institution in line with the Paris Principles.
Indicator: Ageing index.
The ossification of the BRICs into a de facto global institution move forward dramatically in June, when the four countries’ leaders met (in Russia, of course) for the first “BRIC Summit.”
But they learned that not all services are created equal.
How did you like it?
69. The major assumptions used by the actuary engaged to carry out a valuation of unused annual leave days were: a discount rate of 4.5 per cent; and an annual rate of increase in accumulated annual leave balances of 12.5 days in the first three years, 3 days per year in the fourth to fifth years, and 0.1 days annually thereafter, capping at an accumulation of 60 days.
The President affirmed the strong commitment of the Government of South Sudan to combat this crime, including addressing impunity for such crimes.
Only then can the eurozone achieve a stabilizing compromise between market discipline and any move toward even limited risk sharing.
And when can I know the decision?I: Wel inform you of our final decision by early July.
UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization UNFPA United Nations Population Fund
Protective measures were taken by prohibiting all uses of all types of asbestos for use as an input to the manufacture of construction materials.
Lisa: We should have smoke detectors and sprinklers in every room. Fire extinguishers, too.
Information and communications technology
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
I. Provisional agenda
That thing in the brig, that isn't Sharon.
A number of individual NGOs are involved in advocacy, lobbying and awareness-raising to advance gender equality.
It is very important to study its heat - conducting properties when hydrogen storage materials are used.
Once State practice had developed further, the Commission might be asked to resume its work in the light of the precedents established.
Consequently, at present, no resources are specifically earmarked for the Council.
t think the abnomal phenomena can last very long.
Amman
189. Further, on October 29, 1999, the federal government announced its intention to conduct a comprehensive review of section 11 of the Act and of the Equal Wages Guidelines, 1986, "with a view to ensuring clarity in the way pay equity is implemented in the modern world."
It will open in 13 markets this coming weekend, including Italy, Brazil and Russia.
Mr. Jones, would you like to outline your position on the first item on the agenda: technological specifications
As in previous sessions, the Cuban delegation abstained in the vote on the draft resolution.
Adriano Giannini
At the forefront of our national priorities is the right to education, especially in times of crisis and armed conflicts.
Directorate General of Budget, Accounting and Statistics
 Hopes were raised after that positive stage that a final solution would be reached to put an end to the Middle East conflict despite the many obstacles along the road to peace.
 Another formation of two F-4 Turkish aircraft entered the north-eastern and eastern Nicosia flight information region from 1244 to 1259 hours on 25 March 1996, flying at an altitude of 26,000 to 35,000 feet.
The paper introduced construction technological sequences of continuous box girder of main pier on the flood bed of huai hong new river grand bridge and systematic exposition the main points and hay technology of main construction procedure.
General Assembly
Ethiopia had paid its assessed contribution in full and on time and urged Member States that had not yet done so to pay their assessed contributions as soon as possible.
The proposed increase of $5,000,000 for 2012-2013 reflects the resources for the delayed impact of 14 new Professional posts approved by the General Assembly for 2010-2011 ($2,283,200); the proposed 13 new posts ($2,475,200); the reclassification of 5 posts ($236,600); and an increase of $5,000 in non-post resources (ibid., para. 26.22; see also paras. VI.40 and VI.48 below).
Where this is not the case, or where the Appeals Tribunal determines that a decision cannot be taken without oral testimony or other forms of non-written evidence, it shall remand the case to the Dispute Tribunal.
Passengers climbed in, sat behind me in total anonymity, and told me about their lives
There were no changes in the funding policy and plan termination terms during the reporting period.
22. Settlement activity continued in and around East Jerusalem.
A British laboratory confirmed the test results.
Some experts also stated that, while appreciating the efforts of UNEP to develop the draft guidelines, owing to the large number of meetings in the environmental field and to the late arrival of the invitation to the meeting, there had not been enough time to review and consult on the draft document: accordingly, they reserved their right to submit comments at a later stage.
Administrative expenses in connection with production and business operations shall be allocated reasonably between enterprises with foreign investment and their branches.
In protest, Hizbullah closed all roads leading to and from Beirut airport and other principal roads in parts of the capital.
His voice rose above all the others, blending with that of the lucid horn.
Let's just see how many fanny's kiddie meals he sells first.
Rapporteur: Mr. Petko Baev (Bulgaria)
18. Some 66 per cent of Iranian women have reportedly experienced domestic violence.
Cinderella runs and loses one of her glass shoes.
The term "price of merchandise" refers to the prices of all kinds of tangible and non-tangible assets.
GPS, GIS and new mapping techniques will improve address listing and geospatial identification.
Talked to Toby Hardwick's boyfriend And verified his alibi.
29F.62 Resources in the amount of $16,249,600 would provide for the continuation of 50 posts (1 D-1, 2 P-5, 1 P-4, 6 P-3, 9 P-2, 1 General Service (Principal level) and 30 General Service (Other level)) in the Library Service ($14,347,000) and operational requirements ($1,902,600) covering other staff costs, travel of staff, contractual services, general operating expenses, supplies and materials, and furniture and equipment.
Villers-le-Bouillet
If you need to rent or lend scissors, calculator desk, please contact the housekeeping center.
Tracking*
7. Moreover, no verification mechanism has been envisaged.
The principles incorporated in the national reproductive health strategy to 2015 include respect for human rights and gender equality.
44. Act "On public associations" (19 May 1996, No. 82-F3).
Just do the new work the CPPCC, speak five advice.
Item 122: Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services;
I heard they don't have a teleprompter, so I'm like, 'OK, I'm going to just have to go off the cuff in front of Hillary Clinton and (fellow honoree) Condoleezza Rice. ' Banks shouldn't have feared.
Pipes should be buried for protection, and sections of the system should have isolated valves.
UNDP thereby contributed to providing community outreach for HIV, tuberculosis and malaria prevention to more than 20 million people.
The Committee is concerned at reports of inadequate prison conditions and "ghost house" detention centres.
Paragraph 3’s requirement that countermeasures be suspended while dispute settlement mechanisms are “being implemented in good faith” is vague and may lead to further delay and abuse by the wrongdoing State.
In some instances, this ground for expulsion may be extended to the unlawful activity of an alien in a State other than the territorial State.
"The Security Council stresses that the restoration of lasting peace and stability in the CAR is also contingent upon economic recovery, with concrete prospects for youth employment.
Can you repeat all that?I think I'd better write it down.
:: Take time to investigate and do not rush into a business decision, especially when the decision is regarding something out of the ordinary course of one's business.
311. Every year, the Deaf and Blind Society and the Central Sports and Physical Training Club for Persons with Disabilities come together to hold cultural and sports events in Ashgabat and each province as a way of marking International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
The goal of the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing should be to help developing countries achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
33. Mr. Winnick (United States of America) expressed his delegation’s firm opposition to draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.6/Rev.1, which presented insurmountable problems.
When a third party comes in, it has to be accommodated within that bilateral relationship, as the State retains its obligations to realize human rights, while the type of actions necessary to meet these obligations changes.
The recognition of qualifications was enshrined in the EEC Treaty and subsequently implemented through 15 directives pertaining to the transfer of qualifications and skills for academic and professional purposes.
Co-Chairs: H.E. Mr. Mohamed Mouldi Kefi, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Tunisia
(Thousands of United States dollars)
39. At its ninety-seventh session, held in October 2009, the Committee started discussing its draft revised reporting guidelines and continued this discussion at its ninety-eighth session.
1997–98 Luxembourg National Division
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict, in consultation with child protection partners, has facilitated the participation of former child soldiers at United Nations meetings and other forums.
17th notarized a will by the testator of a notarized institutions for implementation.
18. Also as part of the panel discussion, statements were made by the representatives of the World Bank, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, the International Labour Organization and UNDP.
he was down for four minutes.
85. Morocco commended Turkey's efforts to encourage dialogue among peoples, cultures and civilizations, and welcomed the priority placed on human rights education and training in the national strategy on human rights awareness.
Violence against women
Argentina
Germany
Because one of the poorest farmers on Earth had gotten access to a technology that had allowed him to change his own life.
I am going through a very stressful time.
Do organized criminal groups undertake specific types of illegal activities that have a significant impact on the environment?
And, if we still are not sure, we can request more time to consider our options.
 64. Lastly, he expressed his appreciation for the Commission's activities in the fields of training and technical assistance, which were of great importance to developing countries.
N.A. - Not available.
The revised requirements under the expenditure sections represented an increase of $81.2 million, or 2.1 per cent, over the initial appropriation approved by the end of July 2006.
The final report of the DOT Force, Digital Opportunities for All: Meeting the Challenge, with a nine-point action plan, was fully endorsed by the G-8 leaders in their final communiqué at Genoa in July 2001.
As he spoke, Villefort drew the letter from his pocket, and presented it to Dants. Dants read it
It notes with concern the limitations of the investigations carried out by the Complaints Investigation Bureau, as well as the shortcomings of the National Human Rights Commission (Covenant, arts. 6, 7 and 10).
In this context, it is necessary to revise the scale of assessments.
Improving teaching and apprenticeship conditions;
Guided by broader reform efforts, such as the recommendations of the High-Level Panel on System-wide Coherence, which calls on United Nations organizations to commit to reform, the Institute has conceived and implemented procedures to measure performance by outcomes, to ensure that means are adequate to deliver on its mandate, to clarify lines of responsibility and authority, to strengthen accountability and to actively instil better business practices in its daily operations and longer-term vision.
Article 29
Group 2: Civilian explosives and detonators
General Assembly Distr.
4. Madagascar has 22 Regions and 119 Districts.
Recommendation 7
 Hence, the question of our national security was raised in this connection.
Therefore, If parents can grasp the best period give English education to children, infinite is the children's potential and development.
1 GS (OL) Finance Assistant
Distr.: General
who the hell are you and why are you following me?
This paper introduced the test method and the production technology of making lithium bromide by using ammonia as solvent also defined the best technological conditions.
12. Takes note of paragraph 38 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions with regard to the pilot project referred to in paragraph 104 (b) of the report of the Secretary-General;
2. Competence of the Working Group on Communications
5. Stresses the need for building LDCs' productive capacities; enhancing their trade and investment opportunities, including by all countries honouring their respective commitments on duty-free and quota-free market access for LDCs, as provided for in the Ministerial Declaration of the Sixth World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference; and improving the quality of development aid, as well as addressing LDCs' vulnerability to economic shocks and natural disaster, in order to attain the objective of meeting the graduation criteria for half the LDCs by 2020;
Existing and new research will be compiled into succinct and pertinent policy and strategy proposals for various regions and LDC groupings.
Since January 2007, many of the attacks have been filmed and brought to the attention of the authorities and of the public.
At its sixth meeting, the Expert Group adopted its draft report, including its recommendations to be submitted to the Commission at its twenty-second session, pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 2012/13.
Last month Bush ordered the State Department to strengthen the rule by withholding U.S. family planning help from overseas groups that promote or perform abortions with their own money.
Space, that most precious of commodities, is so scarce that pedestrians9 have to weave in and around utility poles as they walk along the narrow sidewalks.
(b) Urged the General Assembly to adopt the draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples, as soon as possible and no later than the sixty-first session, as a basis for indigenous peoples' rights in the negotiations on an international regime on access and benefit-sharing.
She said that coffee with sugar is beneficial to humans.
That's when I started leaving those yellow post-its on the door.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, Cuba, the Plurinational State of Bolivia and Nicaragua.
27.1 The policy objective of the HKSAR Government in assisting persons with disabilities obtain employment is to ensure that they have equal access to participation in productive and gainful employment in the open market.
Yes, but the wrong kind of boys.
Reliance on cloud-based services also depends on the quality of national communications and power infrastructures, which remain deficient in many developing countries.
Lastly, the deflection capabilities of traditional gravitational tractor and solar sail gravitational tractor are compared.
The Commission will have before it a note by the Secretary-General containing extracts from resolutions, decisions and agreed conclusions adopted by the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council or other functional commissions that are relevant to the work of the Statistical Commission.
Mexico has a programme called operation Secure Mexico to combat arms proliferation; it is implemented by the Ministry of Naval Affairs (SEMAR) and agencies involved in the national security agenda.
In relation to the concern expressed at the growing problem of trafficking in cultural property, the effectiveness of the various international instruments and the mechanisms for their implementation were discussed, as were approaches and preventive measures to combat the problem.
After the enactment of the Constitution, citizens will continue to enjoy the essence of those rights.
5. The Commission on Human Rights, in paragraph 13 of its resolution 2002/68, welcomed the establishment of the Anti-Discrimination Unit.
(Signed) Carlyle Corbin
It makes use of peculiar UV coating way to ensconce the color inside the lens.
notify liability to tax unless you have already received the tax return from the Inland Revenue Department;
Wang Zongbi
Yes, she speaks French perfectly.
3. To establish a high-level platform for the monitoring and promotion of women's rights and gender equality, and to ensure that a gender perspective is mainstreamed in policy- and decision-making (Canada);
I sit behind him at the meeting.
No, I haven't, but it's quite well known in Manchester.
However, the Czech Republic intends to decide in the near future on whether it is time to initiate a legislative process that would lead to the adoption of a domestic space law or other regulatory framework for national space activities.
Brazil alone is said to be able to save US$ 120 million per year in that regard solely for government operations.
Panel discussion on the theme "Making the United Nations system accountable for gender equality and women's empowerment: progress, gaps and challenges"
In the 2004-2005 budget cycle, nearly 1,000 reports and activities were consolidated or discontinued and resources were redeployed to higher-priority areas of work.
29D.25 The Procurement Division is responsible for this component of the subprogramme.
(a) Support food security and nutrition-related social protection programmes;
To that end, the African Group welcomes the adoption, by consensus, of the conclusions and recommendations for follow-on actions of the 2010 NPT Review Conference (see NPT/CONF.2010/50 (Vol. I)), mandating the Secretary-General and the sponsors of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East, in consultation with the States of the region, to convene a conference in 2012, to be attended by all States of the Middle East, on the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction.
At its first session, held in December 2006, the Conference had stressed the importance of review of implementation of the Convention and the crucial role of information to be provided by States on the subject.
The Norwegian Defence Research Establishment also actively contributes to the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service through analysis of global positioning system and very long baseline interferometry measurements.
To that end, Governments should:
They lose touch with the land and the rhythm of nature.
25. With respect to the second target of the First Millennium Development Goal, which prescribes the reduction in half, between 1990 and 2015, of the number of people suffering from hunger, attention should be called to the launching of the Zero Hunger Program in 2003, encompassing a set of measures adopted for widening the access to food, strengthening family farming, promoting income-generating means, and measures aimed at social coordination, mobilization, and control (See comments to Arts. 10 and 11 PIDESC).
Rule 29. Closing of list of speakers 10
In one year, or five years, the power of Iraq to inflict harm on all free nations would be multiplied many times over.
A: How much is your annual income
Now, suppose someone gave you a life... ... |  |  |  |  |  |
In this connection, we welcome the efforts to increase the capabilities in Rwanda of radio broadcasts, which are also designed to reach the refugee camps in neighbouring countries.
The United Nations had a vital role in mobilizing the international community to eliminate hunger.
The State party should strengthen the role and mandate of the Ethiopian Human Rights Commission (EHRC) to undertake regular and unannounced visits to places of deprivation of liberty and to issue independent findings and recommendations on such visits.
It is difficult to imagine what life would be like without the internet.
Labour costs have risen faster in other new EU members too.
Does this mean there's an FTA  cavalry over the ridge riding to our rescue?
However, the Committee expresses its concern that the new structures in place suffer from a lack of coordination with existing ones.
14. Burkina Faso has about 60 ethnic groups of unequal size.
Postwar Japanese democracy was influenced in the 1950 and 1960s by an intellectual elite that consciously sought to distance Japan from its wartime nationalism.
The conditions he did it in were not exactly perfect.
A number of other Governments have provided support for capacity-building in environmental law and institutions.
 23. The current total fertility rate (TFR) for the world as a whole is estimated to be 3.1 children per woman (United Nations, 1995b).
Objective Discusses the peritoneoscope in the gynecology department surgery aspect clinical practice value.
But it could also make it easier to treat Parkinson's disease, motor neurone disease and muscular dystrophy.
(a) When the crime is committed in the territory of that State or on board a ship or aircraft registered in that State;
(ii) Planning to meet objectives
Administrative Committee on Coordination (now CEB)
The SBSTA agreed to continue its work on this matter at its thirty-first session, on the basis of the draft text contained in annex I.
But Azerbaijan has been an independent country for more than 20 years.
Recommendation 2
And she thinks she's a witch.
How often does the train run?
The design procedure of profit is simple in theory and complicated in pratical operation.
Rescue agencies
At the time of reporting, UNHCR continued to face serious problems in gaining access to refugees in Ubundu and elsewhere in the area. An elaborate repatriation plan has been set up and is in the process of being implemented.
To that end, current efforts should focus on the development of multinational approaches on the basis of the recommendations of the group of experts appointed by IAEA.
Recommendation 10
In this context, Poland supports, as a matter of the highest priority, the commencement of the negotiations on a verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices and its conclusion.
The Committee believes that the work of the technical groups has, and should in the future, provide the basis for discussion in the Committee on thematic aspects of the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001).
308. In conjunction with microfinance and credit schemes, many countries provided vocational training, technical training and assistance for women entrepreneurs in developing and operating businesses and gave general support and advisory services.
The biggest in this transition process obstacle is content shedding cost.
The member states should deepen agricultural cooperation, guarantee food security and establish a promoting system for boarder agricultural trades.
To do that, become your competitors' customer by buying their products and services
60. Recognize that education and lifelong learning are basic for the respect of the racial, ethnic, cultural, linguistic and religious diversity of our societies which is essential to prevent the spread of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and is of key importance for protecting and promoting democratic values;
Even then, a helicopter would typically need around an hour to get from a warship to the scene of an imminent attack.
"What is the matter, sir?
(a) Food assistance, including safety nets;
I have also had consultations with the former and future presidencies, as well as with other colleagues.
There is nothing that would make me want to take you to another round.
The strengthening of the regional offices could also greatly contribute to that effect, as well as to ensuring better coordination between the Secretariat and countries that requested UN-Habitat support.
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 12 March 1999 (A/53/864-S/1999/283), I have the honour to draw your attention to new violations of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded on 18 March 1999.
Mr. DE ALBA (Mexico) (translated from Spanish): Mr. President, allow me first of all to join those delegations which have extended congratulations to you on taking the Chair of the Conference.
Sale, trafficking and abduction
With respect to the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula, China has worked tirelessly with the other relevant parties, and succeeded in convening and hosting first the Three-Party Talks (China, North Korea and the United States) and then the Six-Party Talks (China, North Korea, the United States, the Republic of Korea, Russia and Japan).
In short, he'd have another version of insulin.
"Men might as well reach for the stars," says William Pollack, a Harvard University psychologist and the director of the Center for Men and Young Men at McLean Hospital. "Women are the ones who are going to have the baby.
UNODC provided specialized training to professionals from police, prosecution, courts and prison services in countering piracy and maritime crime.
The same will be true in Angola.
9.97 (estimated using an HPLC method)
(iv) End impunity for all crimes against children by bringing perpetrators to justice and publicizing the penalties for such crimes.
The situation in the occupied territories of Azerbaijan
We do indeed feel the "summit fatigue" (A/57/357, para. 24) mentioned by the Secretary-General in his reform report.
48. The representative of Brazil, on behalf of GRULAC, requested that "the contribution of migration to development" be included as a topic for a future single-year expert meeting.
The Office sponsored the participation of the representative of the International Coordinating Committee of NHRIs to the January and August sessions of the Ad Hoc Committee.
9 June 2009 A reminder was sent to the State party.
Brunei Darussalam
Nodal period (min)
7. Also calls upon the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to strengthen its national human rights institutions in accordance with the principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (the Paris Principles) by establishing an independent national human rights institution as it committed itself to doing in the framework of its first universal periodic review by the Human Rights Council, with due regard for the recommendation by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights;
A bathhouse is a place where quickie sexis the norm.
He says:
A marriage contract may be amended or terminated at any time by agreement between the spouses (art. 41) or by a court decision at the request of one of the spouses.
73. Azerbaijan mentioned that its training programmes included such topics as the role of the police during demonstrations; demonstrations as manifestation of the principle of democracy; cooperation among organizers and police; chain police activity; strategies for decreasing tension; managing various gatherings; managing mass disorder; regulating roads and other places; and respect for and protection of human dignity.
On that question, it is instructive that the report of the Open-ended Working Group also reflects the concern of delegations that the Security Council report "should be factual, comprehensive, substantive and analytical" (A/59/47, annex II, para. 5).
The two third he danced with Miss King, and the two fourth with Maria Lucas.
Former classmates here described him as nervous, with a flat affect.
An abundance of large predators such as cetaceans are also attracted to these localities, which may be regarded as pelagic and benthic hot spots.
When they study for tests they can relate all the ideas to topics that mean something to them.
The European Union recalls that settlements in the occupied territory are illegal under international law, constitute an obstacle to peace and threaten to make a two-State solution impossible.
We now have too many facts here.
((d) Progress towards the adoption of a new constitution
When Joe first saw Helon,he feasted his eyes on her.
General Assembly
You have yolk on your chin.
You can even make it more creative by suggesting potluck and maybe plan some board games or videos.
We agree with the conclusion in the report of the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), submitted in 1992 to the Executive Board, to the effect that we should focus efforts not on a revision of the 1970 Convention, but on enhancing its effectiveness.
Either it's Christmastime, or I need new glasses.
We could easily see free access for mass-market content funded from advertising alongside the equivalent of subscription and pay-for-view for material with a niche readership.
Recognizing the important role of national development policies and strategies in the rehabilitation of the Semipalatinsk region,
Article 51 entitles the wife of an insolvent husband who is perverse to earning a livelihood even though he is capable of working or is disabled to annul the marriage if the husband refuses to divorce.
The recommendation was disaggregated as follows: rice milling, 2.220 tonnes; pet food facilities, 4.199 tonnes; mills, 16.38 tonnes.
Since the Constitution was currently being reviewed with a view to its amendment, she asked whether the incorporation of a provision aimed at making the Convention applicable in the domestic courts was envisaged.
Irresponsible road users in Singapore face fines, the suspension of driving privileges and even jail terms.
Follow-up and multi-stakeholder involvement
His theory predicates the system of the universe.
It indicates that the Czech Republic has in essence completed the primary tasks such as the abolition of central planning institutions and the building of new regulatory regimes, including instruments, policies and institutions, and the system of power-sharing and decentralization.
Meanwhile, international direct investment also began to service for services, countries of transfer of foreign direct investment filed a great attention.
 Ambassador Erdenechuluun is a distinguished diplomat of his country, who has been well known in United Nations diplomatic circles for many years, particularly for his valuable experience in the field of disarmament.
Brazil 2 March 1993
The Conference may wish to review the document and make recommendations regarding its further development.
A new version of the internal OHCHR human rights case database was developed; it is a case management system designed to systematize, harmonize and improve the collection, documentation, analysis and reporting of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law.
Argentine Federal Police
Explain the situation briefly, then focus on the positive.
Item 3 (j) of the provisional agenda**
(a) Ensuring the representation of women through the Committee for Women and Children of the commune/sangkat;
This phase of the program provides the participant with real-life on-the-job training where you will be coached and assessed on the job.
On 2 February 2006, the Court ruled that parts of his appeal were inadmissible, including the part relating to the impartiality of the Supreme Court judges, given that the author had not objected to those judges hearing his case, although the law allowed him to do so.
11. Within capabilities, and in accordance with its mandate, SFOR continues to provide assistance to the international organizations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, including IPTF, the Office of the High Representative, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
The United Nations common country assessment (CCA) of 2002 indicated that women face strong employment discrimination in both the public and private sectors, in areas such as participation in the workforce, likelihood of promotion, competitiveness for senior positions, salary and job opportunities.
Chapter 3 Registered Items Article 9 The registered items of a company include: title, domicile, legal representative, registered capital, type of enterprise, business scope, term of operation, names or titles of shareholders of a limited liability company or of promoters of a company limited by shares.
It is a validation of hearing mystery worship based on hearing sound and related images.
Recently, the President of Sierra Leone had launched the Justice Sector Reform Investment Plan 2008-2010, which had four goals: safe communities, access to justice, strengthening the rule of law and improving service delivery in the justice sector.
We wish you and the members of the Bureau great success.
Vivienne:Really, what does she do?
3) What your birthday
Still, the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) has yet to take legal effect, despite being negotiated in 1996.
The Secretariat launched the two reviews not only in response to the queries raised by regional groups, but also in an effort to take a more coherent and rational approach to relations with NGOs, inspired by the example of other United Nations system organizations, notably the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The Spacewatch system was the first to discover NEOs with CCDs, a comet with a CCD and a NEO with automated image processing software.
Palestinian gross domestic product (GDP) and gross national income (GNI - includes labour income from Israel) grew in 1998 by 7 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively.
Regional frameworks can complement and facilitate effective translation of sustainable development policies into concrete action at the national level.
For many years, China has consistently followed an independent foreign policy of peace, the purpose of which is to safeguard world peace and promote common development.
The provisions of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.16/Rev.1 referred to above reflect the recommendations of the Working Group as contained in its report.
The Committee also commends the Government for clearly recognizing the link between the Convention as the legal framework, and the Beijing Platform for Action as the operational policy document, for realizing women's human rights.
I love stars, and you're as beautiful as a star.
Although the global economic downturn became synchronous, it was led by the United States.
Commending the useful activities carried out by the Regional Centre in encouraging regional and subregional dialogue for the enhancement of openness, transparency and confidence-building, as well as the promotion of disarmament and security through the organization of regional meetings, which has come to be widely known within the Asia-Pacific region as the "Kathmandu Process",
- The Council must actively support the Secretary-General's efforts to continue to improve the United Nations peacekeeping machinery; but the Security Council itself, of course, must make its own contribution to this work in accordance with its own competencies.
It provides fellowships and awards to women for post-graduate education and collaborates with other national and international organizations on social justice issues.
It seemed that, with the use of modern communications technology, effective coordination and communication could be maintained between The Hague and Arusha without the need to transfer the Arusha staff to The Hague.
(k) Identifying, in consultation with the Field Budget and Finance Division, the Office of Military Affairs, the Police Division, the Mine Action Service and field operations, shortfalls in logistics-related self-sustainment categories and major equipment, and following up with troop- and police-contributing countries and field operations to ensure that corrective actions are taken, where required.
Commitments with regard to official development assistance must become concrete.
Indeed, their cry, or their plea, is borne out by chilling statistics that show that the incidence of physical and sexual abuse, neglect and abandonment of children in Saint Lucia has quadrupled over the course of the past five years.
66/294, para. 4
PETA is calling on the NFL to suspend Falcons quarterback Michael Vick.
The rights of the indigenous peoples to their sacred sites and ceremonial objects and to the distribution of their ancestral remains should be respected.
Mothers' Union recommendations
64/8. Report of the International Atomic Energy Agency
In addition, it sought to establish the range of costs associated with such compliance and to allow, as appropriate, for some comparisons to be made, taking into account levels of development and the size and type of operations.
Indonesia
Subprogramme 1
(A) Economic Infrastructure and Tourism
Both thought the other had agreed to meet because of weakness and had made major concessions.
This is the girl that won the genetic lottery.
Interest
Agence de l'Oriental, Morocco
The officer also dismissed the allegation that the health services in Haiti were not equipped to replace the complainant's pacemaker batteries, noting that access to medical care was less difficult in Port-au-Prince, the complainant's hometown.
Anyone who refuses to accept the reconsideration decision may bring a suit before a people's court within 15 days from the day of the receipt of the reconsideration decision.
In the area of the right of access to legal representation, the Expert Group identified the following issues for revision:
'You have spoken of him often: do you like him?
Fault gouges in active fault zones record a lot of important information about recent fault activity.
Incorporate child protection in emergency preparedness and response into national planning mechanisms.
7. The need for more effective country support was identified as a priority by the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness and by the United Nations reform process.
The Third Committee adopted it without a vote.
It also explores a number of substantive issues through the lens of the right to health which extend beyond the mere absence of injuries in the workplace, and includes prevention of disease in the workplace, environmental and industrial hygiene, harmful substances affecting workers, emerging technologies, psychosocial hazards and occupational health services.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the relocation of the office of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate is carried out in the most cost-efficient manner and to report thereon in the context of the second performance report of the Secretary-General on the programme budget for the biennium 2014 - 2015;
C. Trafficking in women and children 169 - 188 31
Cooter
And the realization of this status is closely related with whether the design on the tax system of one country can match with its ability of tax administration.
11. Please describe the measures taken by the Vice-Ministry of Transport to guarantee the right of movement of persons with disabilities wishing to use public transport.
Lower levels of education in general and lack of specific political education, including leadership training, impede women's political participation.
176. The President's objection to the bill adopted by the Congress on enforced disappearance, genocide, forced displacement and torture is a serious disappointment in efforts to give a meaningful response to international recommendations and to a serious gap in legislation.
 However, the Israeli army would remain in large parts of the West Bank, including the areas around the illegal Israeli settlements.
However, some modifications to that text were suggested, such as including in it the phrase, "unless otherwise agreed" in order to ensure that the text was only a default provision.
7323 Robersomma
Why did she put the moneybags on the table?
"In a bar in Chicago last week these three guys invited me to a friendly poker game.
Where do you wanna go, sir?
It was vital that those responsible for attacks on peacekeepers should be held accountable.
Voluntary contributions in cash
His delegation attached great importance to the tentative structure of the draft legislative guide, as contained in paragraph 15 of the UNCITRAL report.
We are convinced that, in order to be effective, these efforts must go hand in hand with the strengthening of health systems and national and community capacities to respond to the HIV/AIDS pandemic.
During the reporting period, the JFBA has actively participated in the ECOSOC subsidiary bodies, major UN conferences and relevant meetings of the UN bodies, in particular, in the areas of human rights, crime prevention and criminal justice.
A child placed in a foster home may not be passed on to another family without authorization by ISNA.
(d) Budgets: Budgets should be reviewed to ensure that the allocation for children, in respect of cultural, artistic, sports, recreational and play activities, is inclusive and consistent with their representation as a proportion of the population as a whole, and distributed across the provision for children of all ages, for example: budgetary support for the production and dissemination of children's books, magazines and papers; various formal and non-formal artistic expressions for children; accessible equipment and buildings and public spaces; resources for facilities such as sports clubs or youth centres.
President Jiang Zemin's Speech at celebrations of the fifth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to the motherland and the inauguration of the second-term government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Regio
The point is not to avoid all trading, but to count the full costs of such trade and avoid dependence upon it.
:: UNEF (1956)
Why is it that every time I have a hot date , I break out with a big zit on my face?
At the 4015th meeting of the Security Council, held on 24 June 1999 in connection with the Council's consideration of the item entitled "The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo", the President of the Security Council made the following statement on behalf of the Council:
34. All regions implemented initiatives to strengthen evaluation capacities, such as regional and country-level training and use of regional communities of practice, webinars and study visits to learn from good practices in national monitoring and evaluation systems.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Secretary-General be requested to closely monitor the application of the policy on the sourcing of equipment and strategic deployment stock rotation.
They decide to leave the city secretly.
A parliamentary committee specializing in legal affairs would discuss the amendments and might perhaps invite representatives of the National Committee to participate in its discussions.
It was further observed that it was important to avoid any duplication of the work undertaken by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
I need those men back.
(a) Report of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 on its thirteenth session: Supplement No. 37 (A/64/37);
If a growing San Franciscostarted to rival the power of an old New York, it would help if New York stopped thinking its"turf" extended to the Bay Bridge toll plaza.
In practice, detainees are often not notified that their custody is being extended and no reason is given to justify the extension.
Advances in DNA research in the last 20 years demonstrate that, on average, 99.9 per cent of the genetic features of human beings are the same.
Doctors found a glioma, a growth in the supportive tissue of the brain.
transparency as a component of other steps;
Thursday, 23 October 2014, from 16:00 to 18:00, in Conference Room B.
A wild bison strayed out of its habitat and went on the rampage in a village in West Bengal killing one man and injuring six others.
The hospital currently is managed by a non-governmental organization, serving the public without charge.
Last 20 years the dominant cause of the maternal mortality has been bleeding, however, last 3 years disorders associated with pregnancy (28.9 percent), pre-eclampsia (20.7 percent), bleeding (19.6 percent) and sepsis (15.7 percent) have become main causes of maternal death.
1. Posts
May I take it that the General Assembly duly takes note of the information contained in that document?
"10. As far as possible, each case shall form the subject of a presentation indicating family name, first name and any other information making it possible to identify the person detained, as well as the latter's legal status, particularly:
Have no doubt, along the red carpet in the direction can be easily reached the kitchen!
Many cities have taxis, buses and subways to help commuters get to and from work.
20. Licence fees and royalties.
The cooperation between my country and the Court clearly makes it a model of such cooperation, to which several legal instruments attest.
120. In introducing the combined third and fourth periodic reports, the representative of Belgium noted that, for a federal State, responsibilities and competencies existed at both the federal and federated levels (consisting of the communities and regions).
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Support by the United Nations system of efforts of governments to promote and consolidate new or restored democracies" (under agenda item 12) (convened by the delegation of Qatar)
Successful measures have also included capacity-building programmes targeted at advocacy for indigenous men and community leadership that enlists indigenous men in the tackling of that issue. Programmes aimed at equipping indigenous women with skills such as facilitation, lobbying, networking, leadership and advocacy skills are needed in order to write reports on issues such as domestic violence and kidnapping.
Observers were harassed and obstructed, and monitoring Web sites were shut down or hacked by the government.
He is always studying well in the class.
32. Progress has been less than satisfactory in raising awareness in donor countries about the link between what is generally seen in donor countries as a valuable social and economic contribution to society and as local traditions of voluntary self-help and mutual aid in developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
Misr International Towers
The Ergonomics Principles of Spatial Design in Designing Modern Integrated Kitchen;
The ministry said Thursday the hogs were infected with a strain of blue-eared pig disease, and warned the illness could spread during hotter summer weather.
That girl was found of her father kept her company.
Introduction 1 - 9 6
The share certificate is signed by the chairman of the Board of directors and sealed by the company.
Like the previous training camp , the trainees are allowed to receive letters but not any parcels.
A helicopter then overflew the tender at low altitude, turning on bright lights and issuing warnings through its loud hailer.
I would like first of all to express my gratitude to you, Mr. Vice-President, for your statement and kind remarks expressed in honour of the late Sir Lee L. Moore. I am confident that he would have liked me to express appreciation for the cordial relations that he shared with the members of the Assembly and for the general spirit of cooperation that exists between our Mission and the United Nations system.
The rise of the globe's emerging financial markets and of global brands and companies from those markets is a long-term trend.
 76. Scope and structure vary, depending on the size and circumstances of countries and the United Nations presence.
It was well passed on and developed in the spirit of Han Dynasty People , as well as in the style of Han Fu.
The Government of Iceland is prepared to continue working with other interested countries in order to fulfil the mandate of resolution 57/141 and to launch, in due time, a regular process that is both focused and prioritized.
There was a need for a continued UNICEF presence in Malaysia beyond 2007, and innovative funding opportunities to augment the country programme budget from within Malaysia could be explored.
The lists of speakers will be prepared on the basis of these time limits.
Temporarily full - court in an uproar, the catcall below the stage.
(a) Promoting an integrated approach, beginning with the development of a project and carrying through to technical assistance and monitoring thereof;
14. Urges the authorities in Afghanistan to continue to extend their cooperation to the Commission on Human Rights and its Special Rapporteur;
N. Interaction with other organizations and experts 62 - 64 15
But this need not be a foregone conclusion.
"Two years!
You must stop juggling the bustimes mound and settle on a fixed timetable.
Little lobola is charged when the family considers their daughter not of much value and use depending on her behaviour.
Laboratories that use hazardous chemicals which could be used in the manufacture of explosives are under constant control.
This is also a great time to join clubs, groups and organizations.
With the establishment of several joint ventures for stainless steel production, this will improve stainless steel production technology and consumption in China.
Measures to prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction (A/58/208 and Add.1)
People all overthecountry are donning red noses and taking part in wackyfundraisingevents for the 11th annual Red Nose Day, with the moneygoing tohelp disadvantaged people in Africa and Britain
but I know, tomorrow I'll lose the one I love
I have no one but myself to blame.
2008/8. Draft country programme documents
Ten male UNRWA staff members were forced to spend the night in the compound.
The machine is made up of six main parts.
[Speak louder [This boy has no job.
Working Session 9
I saw the old musical movies on TV,nostalgic feeling generated automaticall
For our part, Botswana is prepared to be flexible in negotiations conducted in good faith.
At the end of 2010, approximately 1 per cent of total resources were generated through non-traditional donors
Photosensitivity
Objective To evaluate the effects Aescuren ○ R forte on varicocele.
But Japan’s upturn will be short-lived unless Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s government follows through on its promise of deeper structural reforms.
Evolution has wired men to understand that the better they are at providing, the more appealing they are to women.
Birthdays may be called the milestones in life's journey.
Morocco
These should include:
Sebastian fixed himself firmly in his clerkship in the cigar store.
ESCAP will facilitate under the Dialogue Forum the development and implementation of regional cooperative projects among member countries on the cooperative distance education system.
The Bureau liaises with Mainland public security authorities through the National Central Bureau China in Beijing, the Guangdong Liaison Office, Shenzhen and Zhuhai Liaison Sub-Offices in Guangdong Province and other Mainland law enforcement organisations.
It is my intention to marry her, and if your neighbours have anything to say to that, let them say it.
140. The ammunition shown in photos 13 and 14 is identical to that found with Chadian armed opposition groups, but was photographed in the hands of JEM in 2009 during and in between its attacks on Muhajeriya, Kornoi and Umm Baru; it was produced by Chinese factory "11".
3. Decides to conduct six months after the renewal of these decisions a review of the implementation of paragraph two of this resolution;
B. Methodology
Chepo District
Only under these terms will we be equal to advanced global powers and regional states.
An autobiography has not occurred to me yet but it might turn out as an interesting book. Even though others might also debunk it
Search HKTDC Online Marketplace
As at the end of August, there were 20 applications for pre-sale consent involving a total of 15,180 residential units across the SAR. The units are expected to be completed between September 2001 and June 2004.
We therefore hope to receive further details in the forthcoming report of the Secretary-General on the form that the United Nations presence will take in East Timor after independence.
Noting that apparently in many cases part-time employees carry out very similar or identical job duties, the Committee recalls that under the Convention levels of remuneration are to be compared through an objective job appraisal on the basis of the work performed and not on the basis of the sex of the worker or the status of the contract.
VI. Support to national institutions 49 - 56 14
Rule 64
Although the study is limited to high-income countries, national governments – and even cities – in other parts of the world should replicate it to analyze their own children’s well-being.
Bouvron, Loire-Atlantique
This is online map of the address "Wang Zhi Gang Zhen Xing Zhuang Lu , Baoying County, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China" .
A "Potential Mitigation Area" (PMA) approach is recommended for consideration as option for planning off-site mitigation / compensation if on-site mitigation is exhausted.
The well has come in.
CloudAV is a program that provides antivirus protection as an Internet service.
jurisdiction
52. In the developed world the Nordic countries have long-established cooperation mechanisms among themselves in the area of chemical control, and negotiations are under way for harmonizing legislation and guidelines with those of the EU countries.
* A summary of the approved programme budget will subsequently be issued in final form as Official Records of the General Assembly, Sixty-second Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/62/6/Add.1).
The weight of international criminal law jurisprudence indicates that the relevant standard for aiding and abetting is knowingly providing practical assistance or encouragement that has a substantial effect on the commission of a crime.
Composition of the delegation
Efforts by the management of the Organization to refer conflict to informal resolution at this stage will lead to quicker resolution than when the conflict is referred at a later, perhaps intractable, stage.
The workshop was hosted by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) in Geneva.
(c) Improvement of the national mechanisms in the field of human rights protection;
Please understand that this is not a negative evaluation of your accomplishment, but rather a reflection of our unique hiring needs.
She also asked whether NCRFW had branches at the local level.
25. On 14 January 2009, the Committee dispatched letters to the Permanent Representatives of Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Togo to the United Nations as well as to the Chair of the Kimberley Process, drawing their attention to relevant recommendations contained in the report of the Panel of Experts (S/2008/785).
On the basis of this preliminary work, the Commission started defining baseline Quality MERCOSUR Standards for three selected careers - agronomy, engineering and medicine.
Explain in the biennial report how these values have been calculated.
Bochasanwasi Shri Akshar Purushottam Swaminarayan Sanstha
Now therefore present yourselves before the LORD by your tribes, and by your thousands.
Table 2.1 Framework of expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement by component
At the same meeting, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the Council also decided to extend an invitation, under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure, to Mrs. Lila Hanitra Ratsifandrihamanana, Permanent Observer of the African Union to the United Nations.
4.4 The State party submits that on 14 May 2004, Mr. Pavlyuchenkov volunteered to provide information, and admitted that he had attacked Ms. V., but denied killing her.
 30. Fishing is one of the most important primary economic activities in the Territory.
Therefore, while in the spirit of flexibility we voted in favour of the draft resolution as a whole, my delegation was constrained to abstain in the voting on the sixth preambular paragraph.
7 February 1989
It is in this context that the Panel records a syndrome which it found striking when it addressed the first claims presented to it and which has continued to manifest itself in the claims subsequently encountered.
The Board was specifically briefed on the work of OHCHR presences in Guatemala, Liberia and Nepal as a basis for discussing how more focused strategies can make a difference in addressing the root causes of the human rights violations associated with poverty.
(a) Victim-witnesses in human trafficking cases are often vulnerable and fearful of accused persons as they may have suffered (sexual) assaults and other traumatic experiences and they thus require specialized trained staff to deal with their cases;
I. Introduction
Yes. Buffalo wings became so popular that franchises soon jumped on the bandwagon.
The math teacher found a path to the bathroom.
The Doha Round negotiations should be promoted to achieve the goal of a development round.It is also necessary to oppose trade protectionism, and work towards the establishment and development of an open, fair and just multilateral trading system.
10. In the lead-up to the national elections, the major political blocs and parties have been engaged in a process of realignment and alliance formation.
:: Effective coordination between national and local interventions should be pursued to ensure coherence in broad policy objectives and efficiency in resource use.
3. The report is based on information from 38 entities of the United Nations system and the International Organization for Migration (IOM), as well as six interagency efforts of the United Nations system.
Our industrial civilisation is, after all, based entirely on fossil fuel.
his head cocked to one side , studying me with his penetrating eyes.
The Model Law represents a balance between public policy on security and freedom of parties to decide how to authenticate.
He apologized for the remarks, which he said were meant to be complimentary to Obama.
'The market is oversupplied by at least 1 million barrels a day.
Jewish philanthropists
3. To the extent that a valid reservation purports to modify the legal effect of certain provisions of the treaty, when a contracting State or a contracting organization has raised an objection to it but has not opposed the entry into force of the treaty between itself and the author of the reservation, the objecting State or organization and the author of the reservation are not bound, in their treaty relations, by the provisions of the treaty as intended to be modified by the reservation.
(d) Extension of ISO 27001 certification for another year for the UNLB Data Centre and to the Satellite Farm, which had previously not been certified;
(d) Examining ways to encourage participation of those major groups that have so far not been involved with the Forum's work.
Gets a value indicating whether the browser requires colons in element attribute values to be substituted with a different character.
"And now, after these painful days of President Arafat, he is dead.
The proposed new method of simulation, simulation results show that the method of full inter-harmonic detection accuracy can be better.
The Secretariat to take active steps to collect and compile the information necessary to facilitate the work of the DDT expert group in undertaking the assessment.
2. The General Assembly, in section I.H of its resolution 44/198 of 21 December 1989, established a floor net salary scale for staff in the Professional and higher categories by reference to the corresponding net salary levels of officials in comparable positions serving in the base city of the comparator civil service (the federal civil service of the United States of America).
10. Bearing in mind that, by becoming a party to the Optional Protocol, the State party has recognized the competence of the Committee to determine whether there has been a violation of the Covenant and that, pursuant to article 2 of the Covenant, that State party has undertaken to ensure all individuals within its territory or subject to its jurisdiction the rights recognized in the Covenant and to provide an effective and enforceable remedy in case a violation has been established, the Committee wishes to receive from the State party, within 180 days, information about the measures taken to give effect to the Committee's Views.
17. We call upon our bilateral and multilateral development partners not only to maintain current levels of official development assistance to landlocked developing countries, but to further raise commitments in order to support transit transport infrastructure development and trade facilitation projects in landlocked and transit developing countries, therefore enhancing intraregional connectivity, completing missing links and ensuring the proper functioning of strategic sea corridors;
Everything has been squared away; we may start now.
Transport, storage and communication
We call on India, Israel and Pakistan to accede unconditionally to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapons States.
Mr. Majib Rahnema
Rate of employment in percentage
Extrabudgetary contributions received in 2010
Legal Library (from 16:00 to 17:00)
Yummy, who told you that there was no rice in England, I cook myself!
The European Union remembers with great sorrow the victims of those attacks, when the horror of terrorism struck this city, the United States and the world.
2. EXPRESSES SATISFACTION at the success of the Experts Group Meeting on Slavery and the follow up to the World Conference Against Racism held in Banjul, The Gambia, pursuant to Decision EX.CL/Dec. 408(XII) on the "Commemoration of the Abolition of Slavery";
Table 10.11 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
Those programmes provide for a series of administrative, logistical and legal measures, to be undertaken by entities including investigative bodies, in order to prevent effectively any transfer of funds to terrorist organizations, uncontrolled outflows of capital and assets from States' financial systems, and possible use of such resources to finance illegal acts.
Cemeteries in Nanjing
Amendments to the fifth revised edition of the Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria (ST/SG/AC.10/11/Rev.5)
In decision 2000/255, the Council endorsed the decision of the Commission on Human Rights to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar for a further year, and to request him to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session.
Therefore, the recommendations set out in previous reports of the Panel (S/2003/779, S/2003/937, S/2004/396 and Corr.1, S/2004/752) remain valid.
Vanuatu
Commuters crowded Penn Station yesterday waiting for information after building collapse played havoc with schedules.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee Committee matters)
He rarely spoke unless personally appealed to, and speedily went into his shell again.
In the present circumstances it is therefore essential for all States to redouble their efforts in favour of non-proliferation and disarmament, and in this context special mention is to be made of the initiative of the Coalition for a New Agenda, which has given a new impetus to the forums which have got stuck in the controversy of the doctrine of nuclear deterrence versus that of the setting of a fixed framework of time for the achievement of nuclear disarmament.
You're incredible
However, Israel scorned those appeals and placed many conditions on such action, unsupported by any logic, its objective being merely to deceive the international community, distort realities and continue its practice of State terrorism.
Trains leave the airport for Wien Mitte/Landstrasse every 30 minutes from 6.05 a.m. to 11.35 p.m. and leave Wien Mitte/Landstrasse for the airport every 30 minutes from 5.38 a.m. to 11.08 p.m.
(b) Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People
She was engaged as an interpreter.
I hear somebody calling for help.
MM
Based on the data compiled by the UNFCCC secretariat, the priorities that have received by far the most attention are the CDM and activities relating to education, training and public awareness.
Documents:
Climate change impacts, adaptation measures and response strategies
Nevertheless, that State shall cooperate in good faith with other States with a view to providing as much information as possible under the circumstances.
"2. The general considerations of the round table were as follows:
Of the organizations reviewed, FAO utilizes the most detailed and intensive approach.
Morning1 - 1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
A good example is the energy efficiency pilot project in Vietnam by the International Energy Audit Programme.
On the other hand, Trinidad has queried whether smaller economies would be able to effectively discipline large multinational corporations, given the power asymmetry; it has accordingly suggested that new and creative ways need to be developed for helping developing countries, and smaller economies in particular, to benefit from a competition regime with respect to cross-border issues.
(h) Education Statistics Hub (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, OECD, Eurostat);
And yet Donald Trump’s approval rating is well below 40%, as one would expect to see during a recession.
But far and away from being so called- "trifle" , they are often the keys of molding personality and making cordiality.
Its chosen historical base [year/period] for the implementation of subparagraph (b) below; and
The second assessment conducted in 1997 included a 360-degree evaluation in which major partners at the country level assessed their role and efforts and those of all other partners in the response to the epidemic.
Guyana
(e) It is in the context of these relations that Zambia has been receiving and looking after refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Online Q and A sessions with experts
It is thought that many asylum_seekers, described as economic refugees, sought to take advantage of this constitutional provision to settle in Germany.
According to FWCC, those industries employed thousands of workers, which included some of the lowest paid and most vulnerable sectors in Fijian society.
Rule 10.7: Information relating to designation
The older children were always ganging up on the little ones.
Recalling also its resolution 58/292 of 6 May 2004,
5.3 The State party argues that the author has failed to exhaust all available domestic remedies, because he had not applied for a fishing permit which would have enabled him to have a chance of purchasing or renting a quota share.
Although these were implemented during the period, maintaining this level of reduction has proved to be unsustainable in the longer term.
A city of southern British Columbia Canada on Okanagan Lake east - northeast of Vancouver.
ObjectiveTo study the effect of Astragalosides and Astragalus Polysaccharide on the proliferation of glomeruli mesangial cells (GMCs).
24 machines at 7 gates
(b) For 1993: The difference between the United Nations operational rate of exchange in effect on 1 February 1992, and that in effect a year later, i.e., on 1 February 1993, which is the basis for preparation of the present document;
My delegation would like to take this opportunity to state that the Republic of Korea, in collaboration with the Asia-Pacific Centre, will host an international disarmament conference, in Cheju island, from 6 to 8 December this year, for the third consecutive year since 2002.
The European Union shares the concerns expressed by the Secretary-General in this report and fully supports the observations he made.
(b) The rational management of those resources;
The outgoing IMF managing director said the depreciation of the dollar had been orderly, but cautioned there was a risk of a runaway sell-off that would hit growth in major economies.
Throw canned beans into every salad you make (rinse them first), and add them to pasta and chili
Option 1: the average of Annex [I][II] emissions for such project types.
In the 3rd century BC Ptolemy stole every available scroll from passing travellers and ships to stock his great library in Alexandria.
However, firm action is urgently needed to put an end to them.
It made recommendations.
(a) Takes note of the report of the Statistical Commission on its thirty-sixth session;
Governments should, he argues, not even pretend they can make the financial system stable.
Alternatives were available for more than 95 per cent of the current tonnage of methyl bromide used, excluding quarantine and pre-shipment applications.
17. The relatively low percentage of redeployed SPLA forces remains a source of tension, as does the concentration of military forces in the vicinity of the oilfields and other areas of the disputed border line.
51. Gender equality was also a cornerstone for environmentally sustainable development and should be integrated into the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio 2012) and the seventeenth session of the parties to United Nations Climate Change Conference, since global warming and natural disasters threatened food security and sustainable development, which affected women and children differently than men.
He left most of his money to his sons; his daughter only received a minor share of his wealth.
Since the launch of the Code, service providers have handled more than 380 valid complaints and terminated 49 phone numbers, as at the end of March 2007.
328. The Committee recognized that the effective implementation of the mandate of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs involved ongoing functions at Headquarters.
24 January 1988
What are you planning to do this Sunday
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
The stereotype annotations are the simplest option, so the notion of stereotype is therefore extensible itself.
Outside the company's headquarters in midtown Manhattan, one employee who declined to be named said: 'The market is biased against us.
4. Section III of the present report relates to the current status of the project for the construction of office facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi and presents the Secretary-General's proposals for proceeding further with that construction.
The issue of a vessel monitoring system would be prominent on the agenda of the forthcoming meetings of CPPS working groups on fisheries matters, particularly industrial-scale fisheries.
Second point, we have time before us - at least until this treasure's found.
E-Resources Covering various subjects, such as language, literature, philosophy, religion, politics, politics, law, military science, cultural science, education, physical education, economics, arts, industrial technology, medical science and health, history, geography, mathematics, chemistry, astronomy and geoscience, biological science, agricultural science, aerospace, environmental science, safety science and so on.
I change the baby's diaper.
Even though you're a vampire, you're still my brother.
According to UNODC's 2011 Global Study on Homicides, the total global number of non-conflict related intentional homicides in 2010 was estimated at 468,000.
Dad is in a bad mood and he is growling at everyone today.
The Central Committee has not discussed this problem yet; I am the first to express an opinion about it.
We camped at the base of the mountain.Our company's base is in New York , but we have extended many branches all around the world
After thinking about it for a whilewe might chuckle and sayseems like being American is a bit more complicated than we thought.
Unable to convert Multi Byte string to Wide Char String. The script could not be parsed.
The challenges include influencing Churches that operate most of the secondary level schools in the country to adopt a practice that is alien to their beliefs and local culture.
We use appliances every day that have software built into them that work forever: your automobile, your calculator, the disk drive in your PC, your telephone,Zaffos says.
A regular mechanism needed to be established to monitor the achievement of the goals and the regional commissions could have an important role to play in this endeavour;
All three violations also involved the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines (IRISL), which had chartered the vessel transporting the materiel from the Islamic Republic of Iran to that other State.
This ticket could be my aunt's or uncle's. They're both going to the concert.
The use of oil-based preservatives such as PCP and creosote provide an additional `suppleness' to wood which can protect against warping and cracking in hot dry climates.
The speaker was pleased that, in the omnibus resolution already adopted at the current session, the Special Committee had retained language requesting UNDP to provide for the participation of the United States Virgin Islands in its regional programmes.
4. As indicated in table 1, the implementation of 15 main recommendations is in progress, of which 9 are targeted for implementation before the end of 2008 and 1 for implementation by the first quarter of 2009.
Stilpo
In the Democratic Party radio address, Barbara Boxer of California, who leads the Senate's environment committee, called on her fellow Senators to support legislation to fight global warming
74. He had every reason to anticipate continued cooperation with the Sudanese Government and had already begun discussions in preparation for his next visit.
My new house is on the sixth floor.65.
Later supplements covering the period 2008 to 2011 are available in their advance version on line by clicking here.
36. She planned to work together with the new Special Representative on violence against children to explore modalities for collaboration and the possibility of carrying out joint missions.
More details are available on the page of School Premises Related Information.
(He has had some earaches lately.
The EU bet here is that, on the back of Croatia’s accession, the enlargement logjam in the western Balkans will finally be broken.
The impact of the unjust sanctions, which were prejudicial to the progress and prosperity of the Libyan people, is still being felt despite their suspension, and it will take many years to overcome their consequences.
If they're blessed with the extraordinary luxury of extra time, they'll let you know on their own terms.
To notify the objector of the result of the review within 4 months from the expiration date of the objection period.
With 34 million album sales and millions of singles, the 12 British No.1 singles they have charted put them fourth in the rankings of chart toppers, behind Cliff Richard (13), The Beatles (17) and Elvis Presley (21).
Amendments to the original requisitions made in IMIS were updated manually in Reality.
12. Non-governmental organizations
H.E. Mr. Ghazi Jomaa
10 October 1992
If it is part of a larger organization, and where parts of that organization are, or may become, involved in the identification, development or financing of any CDM project activity, the applicant operational entity shall:
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Conference on Facilitating the Entry into Force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
The electorate may not know Mr Obama, but they seem inclined to trust him.
Thinking about it in retrospect, and from talking to other people about their own early reading habits, I think I’ve come to see why.
Mindful of the manual for the measurement of juvenile justice indicators, prepared jointly by the United Nations Children's Fund and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and welcoming progress made on providing training in the use of the indicators contained therein,
This delicate little beauty meanwhile can fly - and hover - perfectly in a living room, and be landed gracefully.
He had nothing to make satisfaction with but should beg my pardon on his knees.
Did you have a nice day today?Yes.
I hereby request to speak in the Fourth Committee on the question of Western Sahara.
Yes, it's all very well, but I see nothing of them, and I don't know them!
Country of nationality
Proposed the replacement of "consideration and endorsement" with "its consideration".
Perfume also is a kind entice faultlessly , almost the man of great majority likes perfume smell.
Although we are fully aware of possible difficulties, we would welcome the convening of an international convention under the auspices of the United Nations General Assembly codifying the law of State responsibility.
It was, however, pointed out that European countries considered reliance on one system to be a high risk.
In the Chinese traditional families, people scrupulously abide by filial piety.
His delegation called on the United Nations to put an end to the support lent by some States and by Israel, the occupying Power, to the groups acting in the Golan region, including the area of disengagement.
To prevent energy leakage check for gaps between the microwave door and the oven body.
Thursday, 2 October 2003
Lower Subansiri district
18. There appears to have been a significant reduction in the recruitment and use of children over the past 12 months.
In addition, their Metagora project on tools, methods and conceptual framework for evidence-based assessment of human rights and democratic governance could include contemporary forms of slavery in its potential areas for future work.
The Spokesman's staff assists him in preparing background information on current issues raised at these briefings, and also responds to constant inquiries from correspondents.
'Everything we believed earlier (about Wallenberg's death) is turned upside down by this, ' he said.
The next day was Saturday, March 17th.
During the biennium 2000–2001, information technology will continue to play a key role in enhancing the effectiveness of the Organization and in providing a platform for managing information on a global scale.
The draft doctrine on United Nations Peacekeeping Operations -- Principles and Guidelines should be finalized through a process of intergovernmental consultation.
At Geneva, delegations stated that they did not have a clear idea of the new initiatives promoted by the Department in New York. Also at Geneva, non-governmental organization representatives mentioned that they had been informed of initiatives such as the mechanism for Coordinating Action on Small Arms through other non-governmental organizations, not by the Department.
Sketch
In imagination he had already fixed the days for a 鈥渞茅union dans le palais des Czars,鈥?at which the great Russian nobles were to mingle with the courtiers of the French Emperor.
 "7. Welcomes the economic and political reforms under way within the Community, which are intended to better address the challenges of regional cooperation and integration in the 1990s;
The Mechanism also considered possibilities for an inter-agency contribution to the regional component of the 20-year review of the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
For its part, Monaco had adopted a plan intended to control the demand for energy, promote the development of renewable energy sources and reduce emissions of greenhouse gases.
(a) To reactivate and revitalize the role of the internal instruments of management immediately;
India has been playing a constructive role in international efforts aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the BTWC and is committed to the ongoing process of annual meetings of experts and States Parties to the BTWC.
This decrease is partly offset by a 7 per cent increase in civilian personnel costs, an 11 per cent increase in operational costs and a 7 per cent increase in staff assessment.
"The Eagle Shooting" One writes about her love for The Eagle-shooting teenager, bold, naive.
Mobile phones are supposedly employed as instruments to prove the existence of the phony substance.
Attendance total
12. 11In terms of regional coverage, 2002 had a similar distribution pattern to that of 2001.
1. Posts
Room 4
He or she will be required to function as a cataloguer and bibliographer, and research assistant and will need to have some web expertise.
P: Yes, I often sweat at midnight, even if sweat all over
In 2005, AEGEE participated in the "9th UNESCO/NGO Collective Consultation on Higher Education" in Paris, 6-8 April; a representative was present in several workshops and contributed to the statement of student organizations.
13. The situation in the Middle East
Only thus will we be able to keep up with the dizzying pace of a conflict-weary world on the threshold of the twenty-first century.
Overall Revenue ($M)
The SICA member States agree to recognize the right of peoples to live in peace, in keeping with resolution 39/11 of 12 November 1984, and to actively promote the Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace, contained in resolution 53/243 of 13 September 1999.
Zasa runs it like a disgrace that's what the women tell me.
budgeting and planning should be explicitly linked to the results of performance, work planning and the assessment of managerial performance so as to ensure the effective stewardship of resources provided by Member States along with other steps to consolidate and simplify financial reporting.
Article 19 So far as the property acquired during the period in which they are under contract of marriage and the prenuptial property are concerned, husband and wife may agree as to whether they should be in the separate possession, joint possession or partly separate possession and partly joint possession.
304. The United Nations Development Group Office informed the Board that efforts were being made by the Working Group on Common Premises and Services to follow up with the phase I countries to continue populating the system with baseline information.
Some, notably in China and Brazil, reached lows last fall and again in March, before rebounding sharply, with Brazil’s Bovespa up 75% in May compared to late October 2008, and the Shanghai Composite up 54% in roughly the same period.
To tighten a saddle girth.
The Commission observes that sampling positions are missing in figure 4.3, which only identifies nodule density, but does not mention benthic or other sampling efforts.
Office of Legal Affairs
Why is it a refugee camp?
This paper will discuss the relationship between indirect speech acts and politeness strategy as well as the pragmatic functions of indirect speech acts in politeness strategy.
Taxonomy/Asparagaceae
Infotainment
Mandala is a concentric diagram having spiritual and ritual significance in Hindu and Buddhist Tantrism.
We have abundant HSE courses and modules which are at your choice.
The Committee also took note of a laser radar eye-tracking device that could be used to correct short- and long-sightedness and astigmatism.
Corrected.
There is also a result of purified tannins, so further purified using polyamide.
Wauseon, Ohio
The problems existed in the process of weaving two-stretch elastic fabric on air-jet loom are analyzed, and the solutions are presented.
 Members are appointed on the following geographical basis: one each from African, Asian, Latin American and Caribbean, Eastern European, and Western European and other States.
This has often made for a relatively closed process engendering little public response or support.
Support and maintenance of data centres and local area networks in Pristina and Belgrade and one disaster recovery and business continuity site in Skopje, comprising 84 servers, 93 switches, 44 routers, 7 firewalls and 3 storage area networks capable of delivering secure, high-quality data network infrastructure, including Internet protocol connectivity, authentication services, file and print share, e-mail, database, anti-virus, software distribution and extension of access to the Internet
Sixty-four of the total of 81 reporting States indicated that they had established a system of prior authorization of imports and exports, without indicating the substances for which the system was set up.
Furthermore, preparing an application to the High Court requires extensive resources and legal representation which are unavailable to them.
A statement was made by the Chairman.
Human Rights Treaties Division
11. Notes the efforts of the Secretary-General in promoting cooperation between the United Nations and the International Criminal Court in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the United Nations and the International Criminal Court,2 and also notes in this regard that the Office of Legal Affairs of the Secretariat has a specific role within the United Nations;
They gave demonstration flights in Europe as well as America.
A missile designed to fall into the sea near Japan goes astray and hits Tokyo, killing a dozen civilians.
It was unprofessional of you not to check the facts before issuing the statement.
Both projects would be implemented in the biennium 2014-2015.
These reports will be passed on to the Prosecutor of the Special Tribunal for Lebanon to allow the Prosecutor to evaluate the existence of any links in the light of the jurisdiction of the Tribunal.
Concerted efforts have been made to further improve health and safety on construction sites.
Report on the fifth Round Table of Members of Parliament
She dropped out of school to care for her sick parents.
Educational institutions established in the 1790s
Draft Decision Guidance Document Trichlorfon
Letter dated 5 November 2001 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The State Organization for Oil Refineries and Gas Industry handled contracts for Iraq's chemical warfare programme under the cover of the oil industry, and the Technical and Scientific Materials Importation Division was an acquisition unit to support activities within the Technical Research Centre, which included Iraq's biological warfare programme.
Airlines established in 1999
Three XML workloads were designed, executed, and measured
LIKE Rocky Balboa, the boxer portrayed on film by Sylvester Stallone, Anglo-Saxon consumers have taken a lot of punishment in recent years.
The first review was conducted on 15 September 2000.
Moreover, a “Formulaire de trafic RVA” for the arrival on 4 December 2008 notes that the aircraft carried 32 tons of cargo for FARDC, with an FARDC stamp on the document (annex 103).
In addition, the draft resolution made no reference to the need for a round of negotiations under a single undertaking, which was a key to the success of the Round.
The 10 shophouses at Prince Edward Road West are categorised as Level One-- outstanding heritage value in a consultancy study by the URA while the cluster of premises at Shanghai Street are classified as Grade One historical buildings by the Antiquities Advisory Board (AAB).
It concludes that the claim under article 6 should be declared inadmissible.
UNHCR, in the context of the ERP project, reviewed many existing processes and defined many future processes.
(b) Committee on Trade and Investment;
7.4 Training of Strategic Target Audiences
In July, Zodiac rebuffed a first approach from Safran, arguing the companies have little in common and a deal would yield few cost savings.
[on the report of the Fifth Committee (A/51/753)]
No agreement on provisional release has been entered into, leaving the Court unprepared for the eventuality that a suspect is granted provisional release and cannot, for security reasons, return to their State of nationality.
Iraq’s practice before the rise of its foreign debt is the best indicator of what normal practice would have been in 1990 but for that debt.
A list of participants is contained in annex I to the present report.
505. Under customary international law medical personnel must be respected and protected in both international and non-international armed conflicts.
1974 software
VII. Draft decision
Member of the Air and Space Academy.
With the candidates' permission, the Council subsequently approached the relevant domestic bar associations and the International Bar Association to request confirmation of the integrity of the candidates.
Presidential candidates are announced two years in advance of the elections.
The Technical Subgroup of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will meet, under the chairmanship of H.E. Mr. Percy Metsing Mangoaela (Lesotho), on Wednesday, 8 November 2000, at 10 a.m. sharp, in Conference Room 9.
Talks with Members of Parliament
At the same time, employers in many parts of the world are facing shortages of qualified local workers.
43. As for the problem of migration between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola, the Committee was pleased that the two countries have achieved an agreed solution through the establishment of a joint security and defence committee.
An employee is allowed 15 minutes every three hours for breastfeeding during the working day; these breaks count as time worked.
IFAP's 60th anniversary in May 2006 provided the occasion to look at the focus of IFAP over the next five years and where the real priorities lie.
Leading decisions include the Grootboom case that dealt with access to land rights.
Attention was focused on the need to develop a legal framework for defining the offence of trafficking in persons, especially women.
The area is subject to devastating seasonal winds.
Mutual understanding can be nurtured by taking advantage of the opportunities for social and cultural enrichment that migration brings.
C. Costa Rica
Indika Dissanayake
CERD/C/63/CO/5
A national system of technical standards for landmines, including anti-personnel mines, and new, more effective equipment for mine location and neutralization had been introduced.
(d) Consider some scheme to affect payments for environmental services as key instruments in transferring financial resources to local communities and providing real opportunities for rural people to benefit from the processing and marketing of non-wood forest products and ecotourism.
101. The general focus of those discussions has been on the elimination of some of the negative aspects of the present system in an evolutionary manner, rather than through fundamental change.
All are state-owned, and the government is moving to consolidate them.
Yes. It was sunny and warm yesterday but the wind is really blowing hard now.
With the participation of UNIDO, the event would be of historic importance not only for Mexico but for the Americas as a whole.
For this reason, we need the United Nations to exert greater influence and to play a more central role in determining the policies guiding international economic relations, for these have a profound bearing on security and stability within the global community.
MSCI Barra in November unveiled 19 indexes tracking some of the world's most obscure exchanges, including Slovenia, Mauritius and Sri Lanka.
My dad caught me eating candy right before dinner and took it away from me.
Case 1998/2: Allegation of racism and racial discrimination in Green Haven Correctional Facility (Stormville, New York)
(s) Undertake monitoring of the application of environmentally sound technologies for sustainable forest management, using a system of baseline measures, in order to access their suitability and effectiveness in achieving sustainable forest management;
We must press on with the reform of the Security Council with courage and boldness so that it reflects the political and economic realities of today.
101. Requests the Secretary-General to apply common standards for the quality control of documents processed by external translators in all four duty stations, within existing resources, in order to ensure high-quality translations in the six official languages of the United Nations, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its seventieth session;
The international community unanimously supports the unconditional and dignified return of internally displaced persons from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia to the places of their origin and the inviolability of their property in the occupied territories, to which attest a great number of resolutions and decisions adopted in the framework of the United Nations.
The average real per capita GDP of the top 25% of countries is 15 times that of the bottom 25%.
Method: To Adopt normal, dry stagnation - type and substantive - heat - type constipation models as the observed objects
A rise in interest rates is often contemporaneous with an increase in inflation.
According to reports, at least 70 members of the Ahmadiyyah community were killed in these targeted attacks and reportedly hundreds of Ahmadi worshippers were held hostage in one of the mosques.
Eastern European States 4
The whole movement may be termed free, active and effortless and give a more or less fluid picture.
The review team, under the guidance of the Board members responsible for supervising the review, shall provide inputs, prepare requests for clarification and further information to the DOE and project participants, and analyse information received during the review.
The Dutch government seeks to ensure that the needs of everyone in the Netherlands, regardless of their origins, religions or beliefs, are addressed by mainstream policy in fields such as education, employment and health care.
Ust-Katav
No greater misfortune befalls a country than to be governed by a tyrant.
2 October 1983 Experience
A plethora of legislative measures relating to women's status have been enacted, which have already been analysed under the specific Articles.
William is second in line to the throne after his father, Prince Charles, who is the queen's firstborn child.
GENERAL
117. In Burkina Faso, no special body has been established by the State to address the specific situation of minorities, indigenous peoples and internally displaced persons.
Final authority is vested in the American people.
Mazzarrà Sant'Andrea
The Phnom Penh Progress Report 2010-2011
Where are the theme pavilions?
I beseech you to let me be like a new-born baby looking to You without anything else to lean on
This difference has been slightly larger for men than for women.
poly (p-vinylbenzyl succinimide)resin
Tuesday, 7 October 2014
In the last years of the Warring States period, the State of Qin attacked the State of Wei on a large scale repeatedly and occupied large areas of land, for the State of Wei was too weak to defend itself.
We note with concern that today new and even greater challenges are being added to the long list of those which our States already face.
Twenty-third Meeting
On 22 October 1993, the regional Trial Court refused to grant bail.
Decision
Department responsible: Nigeria country office
plenary 2004
In our view, multilateral measures, in particular on disarmament and security issues, by their nature, favour dialogue over monologue, accommodation over domination, consultation over prescription and cooperation over confrontation.
 At the same time, the Security Council met on over 400 occasions, if we include both the formal meetings and the plenary consultations, not to mention the meetings of the Council's subsidiary bodies, which were also active, especially the seven sanctions committees.
If the film gets too thin, the diffuse charge clouds overlap and repel, just as two neutral atoms do when their electron clouds interact.
A selection of this work is summarized below.
34. Mr. Lakhal (Tunisia) said that ICTs had become essential for developing countries' participation in the world economy.
International exposure and a need to raise external capital motivated Swiss entities to implement International Accounting Standards (IAS) on a voluntary basis and provide consolidated financial statements.
19 October 1982
(a) In the third preambular paragraph, the words "and the Human Rights Council" had been inserted at the end of the paragraph;
Mandate: GA res. 59/199, para. 20
“Recalling the right of third States confronted with special economic problems of that nature to consult the Security Council with regard to a solution of those problems, in accordance with Article 50 of the Charter,
It is of great significance to us that the Permanent Representative of Guyana - a country with which we maintain special relations of friendship and cooperation - should be directing the work of this important Assembly.
1. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 66/192 on the oil slick on Lebanese shores;
Two things I know is chess and women
The following objects not previously reported have been identified since the last report but are no longer in orbit as at 2400Z 30 September 2001:
231. Women in development.
d A low indicator is a positive reflection of obligations being liquidated.
178. It is vital to have healthy children with opportunities of access to better standards of education to improve their knowledge and social awareness and enable them to develop a thoughtful outlook and the mental capacity to take decisions in the light of their situation.
They essentially were outlawed by recent campaign finance reform legislation, the McCain Feingold Bill.
Shilong a hole twisting, natural scute , Long are tired of red, brilliant.
The smart bra works by using a microwave antennae system, which can easily be woven into fabric.
"The General Assembly shall initiate studies and make recommendations for the purpose of:
The strengthened review process envisioned in the 2000 NPT Final Document concerning the implementation of the Treaty and Decisions 1&2 as well as the Resolution on the Middle East adopted in 1995 should be fully implemented.
132. This legislation especially favours persons with disabilities and single parent families.
As the death penalty was abolished in Malta on 21 March 2000, the maximum punishment that can be inflicted under the Malta Armed Forces Act, 1970, is life imprisonment.
The persecution of countries from the South must end: it distracted attention from the real issue.
Heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines.
Mr. Hossein Salar Amoli (Islamic Republic of Iran)
Security Council
Global Alliance for Information and Communication Technologies and Development
Thus, the author's claims under article 9, paragraphs 1 and 4, of the Covenant are unsubstantiated and inadmissible.
The little prince was now white with rage.
He is hard of hearing now, and no longer goes to the theatre [ θ i ? t ? ].
Additionally, this review should bear in mind that these activities should fall under the provisions of the respective treaties, thus not creating new obligations for States parties.
International instruments
It was also observed that the Rules were silent on the question of sanctions in case of non-compliance with the provisions on submission of evidence.
General Mills, whose brands include Cheerios cereals and Yoplait yoghurt, estimated yesterday that total US breakfast cereal sales rose about 5 per cent in June to August from a year ago.
When you get to the older ages you're left with the more robust in the population.
Goal two: Early recovery of communities affected by natural disasters
Mechanisms for removal of judges
And I absolutely hate the fucker.
Net increase (decrease) in cash and investments
The meeting was called to order at 2.10 p.m.
It is expected that the number of such deployments would be over 1,200 by the third quarter of 2000.
There was only one conceivable reason this lone Covenant destroyer would turn tail .
Though the worst of the exports slowdown appears to be past, China risks a "double-dip" in GDP growth next year if that Western rebound doesn't materialize, some economists say.
44. In conclusion, he invited the Commission to participate in a subregional conference on peace and security to be hosted by Guinea the following month in order to attempt to build peace in the Mano River Union Region.
at Tuen Mun was upgraded in 2006 to accommodate team activities, tactical and physical training.
However, we must heed the warning not to underestimate the problem or overstate the successes.
For instance, if the State fails to put into place laws requiring the provision and dissemination of information, people may not be in a position to make informed choices about their diet, which may prevent them from realizing their highest attainable standard of health.
He stated that progress had been made, and that the demobilization, disarmament and reintegration process would commence soon.
I sort the letters, seal them and distribute them as well!
In the absence of discrimination, the withdrawal of such funding is a policy decision which is for the Government to take.
How many people live in Beijing?
 In particular, I have held two rounds of talks in New York to bring the parties closer to agreement.
Second, her delegation did not share the view that the principle of diplomatic protection being exercised by the State for the benefit of its nationals needed reiteration.
Health courses
Besides the above-mentioned normative acts, regulating the foreign trade in arms and dual-use goods and technologies, there is Decree No. 91 of the Council of Ministers of 4 April 2001 confirming the list of States and organizations against which the Republic of Bulgaria enforces bans or restrictions on the sale and supplies of arms and related equipment in accordance with the Security Council resolutions and the EU and OSCE decisions.
1016. Progress has been made through systematic quality controls established through new procedures and tools, as well as creation of the Professional Practices Section to provide quality assurance.
Images of ruins and deserted company apartments reveal Japan's shift from heavy to light industry.
38. Ms. Alsaleh (Syrian Arab Republic) said that her country was a party to most of the international instruments on crime prevention and human trafficking, including the Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Trafficking in Persons Protocol.
The defence of those unable to protect themselves is your burden.
Member States argue that the Statistics Division should not charge the public for data which are provided free by their statistical offices.
Moves the caret to the next unnamed bookmark.
Halogeton glomeratus
(vi) Immediately cease hostile propaganda and inflammatory statements in the media, in addition to any attacks against property of and religious and cultural symbols belonging to the nationals of the other State;
17. Open access offers many benefits for researchers.
Taxonomy/Apicomplexa
Books, magazines, toys and other objects can be held behind this colourful rubber belt, normally used for strapping luggage to a bicycle.
The liability for defined benefit plans is measured at the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
:: An international monitoring system comprising facilities and systems for monitoring by photography, radionuclide sampling, on-site and off-site sensors and other data collection systems;
Environmental Report 2003
FA: I think tomorrow we need a podium minimum to remain in the fight.
The recorded expenditure relates to the cost of services from local private clinics and medical evacuations outside the mission area, predominantly to South Africa.
Indonesia stated that it supports any efforts to strengthen safeguards to prevent miscarriages of justice.
The Panel notes that AOC has provided two brief, internal memoranda referring only to the set-up of the facilities in Dammam and Riyadh as well as some internal accounting documents and some invoices, which generally have not been translated into English.
Informal open-ended consultations on the organization of work of the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session will take place on Thursday, 19 September 2002, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 6.
Since the Round Table, UNODC has taken steps to implement those recommendations: it has opened a communication channel with the Government of Afghanistan, in particular with the Ministry of Counter Narcotics, for the purpose of exchanging information on the mechanism established in response to the Kabul Declaration on Good Neighbourly Relations; it has assisted the activities of the drug control agency of Tajikistan and border posts between Afghanistan and Tajikistan have been improved within the framework of a UNODC project; and a memorandum of understanding between Afghanistan and China was signed in June 2006, which in part stressed the need for China and other neighbouring countries to play a larger role in combating terrorism, extremism and drug trafficking in the region.
As its experience builds, the Commission will be also be better placed to systematize the lessons learned from its own work.
a measure of the capacity of a circuit component to store charge.
The purpose of the complaints bureau is to receive complaints concerning compliance with the law on equal treatment of men and women.
In the absence of special safeguards, there is virtually no secret dimension of a person's private life that would withstand close metadata analysis.1 Automated data-mining thus has a particularly corrosive effect on privacy.
II.38 The proposed post requirements decrease from 68 posts in 2000-2001 (2 Professional, 40 Local level and 26 Field Service) to 67 posts in 2002-2003 (2 Professional, 43 Local level and 22 Field Service) (table A.5.26).
21. Mr. Binswanger of the World Bank made a presentation under this topic, entitled "Supportive World Bank programmes in Africa".
1. The Government of the Republic of Mauritius has the honour to report to the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights on measures giving effect to its undertakings under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR).
The case was investigated by the Kosovo police and led by one local and one international prosecutor.
Long-term itraconazole therapy was clinically effective and well tolerated.
The State party submits that, given the equivalence of article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights and article 14 of the Covenant, the European Court's case law is persuasive.
"You are not very bright. He doesn't have a tooth left in his mouth, and no thief is afraid of him.
29. In an effort to enhance predictability and transparency, and in order to facilitate the coordination function of the Emergency Relief Coordinator, I intend to continue providing an annual notification of my Office's current and anticipated involvement in internally displaced person situations.
Estonia
 On the other hand, Pakistan's direct involvement in terrorist activities in Jammu and Kashmir had been established beyond doubt.
After - treated by low - temperature plasma, N - vinyl -- pyrrolidone ( NVP ) is graft polymerized onto chitosan film.
With regard to strengthening the NPT, it is urgent that we improve the effectiveness and credibility of its verification machinery -- the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safeguards system.
Workload of the Commission
10. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its seventy-first session, under the item entitled "General and complete disarmament", the sub-item entitled "Women, disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control".
34. Calls upon international and regional organizations to continue to assess and report on a regular basis on the universal accessibility of nations to information and communications technologies, with the aim of creating equitable opportunities for the growth of the information and communications technology sectors of developing countries;
In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution ES-10/17, an Office for the Register of Damage was set up at the United Nations Office at Vienna as a subsidiary organ of the Assembly operating under the administrative authority of the Secretary-General and responsible for the establishment and comprehensive maintenance of the Register of Damage.
Settler behaviour is particularly disgusting in Hebron where settlers continuously harass Palestinians and damage their property.
If they feel they are adding value to the business, they will help you keep the momentum going.
Does that prevent Martin de Tours from being a saint, and giving half of his cloak to a beggar
Certain laws and policies appeared to conflict with one another.
She swims twice a week and has been dabbling in weight training.
But I'll never deal with the cases stink of treason.
Ms. Johanna G. S. De Wet
The inspection also assessed efforts to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the support services of the United Nations in those same areas.
China News Service
Subpart GGG - standards of performance for equipment leaks of VOC in petroleum refineries
Consider postponing and/or cancelling programmes/activities/gatherings (both local and overseas) organized by Colleges based on advice from CHPP.
In the clinical trials, people with depression were treated with either an antidepressant or a placebo, a pill that contains no medicine. They did not know which they got.
Youth leaders and eminent persons from eight countries from around the world discussed youth inclusion in development, governance and social transition, with particular emphasis on implications for achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
What do you think of the proposals put forward by Mr. Wang?
Belgium
Scout Law
On 23 June 2003, the investigation was re-opened.
They were always moving from place to place in quest of a cheap situation, and always spending more than they ought.
We have to submit the final report by Thursday.
The Chair will therefore continue to work with the current and the incoming Presidencies of the COP and the CMP to ensure that such issues receive the political attention required to facilitate an agreement in Durban.
Working group on the implementation of the recommendations of the Action Team on Global Navigation Satellite Systems
1. Welcomes the coming into force of the Pitcairn Constitution Order 2010 in the Territory in March 2010, featuring a new constitutional framework and human rights provisions, and all efforts by the administering Power and the territorial Government that would further devolve operational responsibilities to the Territory, with a view to gradually expand self-government, including through training of local personnel;
Dealing with inflation will require more-aggressive steps from central bankers to mop up some of the excess liquidity, and 'that will be bad for commodities,' he says.
HIV/AIDS
Pursuant to that request, the Centre submitted two questionnaires to Governments in late 1999.
5.2 The author sought judicial review of the finding that he was a danger to the public but the Federal Court dismissed the application for leave on 19 January 1998.
1. Notes that the Department of the Interior of the United States of America provides that the Secretary of the Interior has administrative jurisdiction over American Samoa;
Human Rights Council
Stanislaus Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you get rid of him on the weekends.
7. The Committee commends the State party on the adoption of the National Strategy for Equal Opportunities between Women and Men for the period 2006-2009, the General Action Plan for the implementation of the Strategy as well as the development of county-based plans of action; the National Strategy for preventing and combating domestic violence and its related Action Plan for 2005-2007, and the National Strategy against Trafficking in Persons for 2006-2010.
They are at levels similar to those observed in 2007, although lower to those of 2008.
Making him stay at home in the evenings should do the trick.
The Committee also recommends that the State party take the legislative measures necessary to recognize intangible property, such as pension and insurance benefits, as part of the joint property to be divided upon divorce, in line with article 16 (1) of the Convention and the Committee's general recommendation No. 29.
 1. At the invitation of the Chairperson, Ms. Bellamy (Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)) took a place at the Committee table.
(b) The Board selects both representatives who have never participated in a session of a working group and representatives who already participated and could develop specialized capacity and strengthen the core group of participants in a working group;
Abdominal X-ray
It was to be hoped that the provisions of paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 would be strengthened in order to ensure a larger number of prohibited cluster munitions.
What to join us for a barbecue?
In some microscopic aspects, already presented the return to warmer weather sign.
The Committee shares the Board's view that the timeline for the completion of the various activities leading to the full implementation of IPSAS should be carefully monitored and enforced (see also para. 94 above).
43. Ministry of Labour and Social Security decision No. 1155 introduced a form of labour contract involving on—the—job training for young people.
D. Returns of internally displaced persons
 4. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fiftieth session the item entitled "Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco)".
Therefore, the State party considers that the submitted news article has very low value as evidence.
38. A key feature of the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness is the notion of ownership.
With regard to the engineering items, UNDOF has taken write-off actions of non-expendable engineering and supply property, shipped 2 electrical panels to the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID) and maintained critical spares for the Communications and Information Technology Section.
Inaugural Chair of the Management and Executive Boards of the European Union (EU) Fundamental Rights Agency (2007 - 2010).
Similarly, it has been exploring opportunities for promoting production and trade in organic products - for example, through the UNEP-UNCTAD CBTF.
GPP System core network: refers in this specification to an evolvedGSM core network infrastructure.
A certain degree of volatility and uncertainty is natural in international trade, but beyond that developing countries - indeed, all countries - seek confidence that trading regimes will not suddenly be adversely altered and that key prices will fluctuate within normal ranges.
Taking the practical case of satellite microwave digitalization of Hubei TV Station as an example this article presents the mixed transmission by analog and digital microwave signals sharing antenna-feeder system and also some problems to notice.
Operational costs
Yemen
The Scroll Marked Eight
Mr. Ahmad (Pakistan): Thank you, Mr. President, for your clarification.
Yet the existing dollar-centric arrangement may well survive the current tumult in spite of its obvious defects, a top economist said Wednesday.
You can also find my original style in this film.
118. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations.
Protracted refugee situations 49-52 14
Every Little Thing
Hence, even though the exact representation of a message is different in the two technologies, the code required to access the message content is similar.
Finally, on 13 November 1998, the author applied for an interim injunction before the Ontario Court of Justice to stay the execution of the deportation order.
Thus in recent years we have seen a proliferation of various initiatives on the question of Security Council reform.
Africa
Improving pay and tackling the pay gap for apprentices
The Heads of Mission and Force Commanders of the three operations continue to hold regular meetings to establish the mechanisms for joint planning and information-sharing.
Some feminists[who? ] assert that the emergence of PMS as a disorder occurred during a time when women's roles in society were changing.
I'm walking along the river
This form of successful succession can be very important.
82. A delegation noted the participatory process behind the elaboration of the country programme.
2. Upon being satisfied that the circumstances so warrant, the State Party in whose territory the offender or alleged offender is present shall take the appropriate measures under its domestic law so as to ensure that person's presence for the purpose of prosecution or extradition.
Industrial Development Board
It presents opportunities, as well as risks and challenges.
Song verse is often not typical English for study. But it is an enjoyable way, and is good for youngsters.
He was waiting for them at the rendezvous.
We want to perfectly portray who we are…yet, we do not even know that ourselves!
A/62/596
During the current part of the resumed session, some 78 reports were due to be considered on peacekeeping management and peacekeeping operations.
Up to that time, the blues had been an essentially black medium.
Reinstate those two subparagraphs, which would be relettered as (e) and (f), in new paragraph 24.12. They read as follows:
La Cour européenne des droits de l`Homme et la liberté de religion, Pedone, Paris, 2005.
But for consumer products manufacturers, such as Haier and Hisense, which are still trying to expand their global footprint, acquisitions may still be on the cards.
Violence against women shall be understood to encompass, but not be limited to, the following:
Substantive Work (Working Sessions)
'We got together in 1995 and he'd always been very unusual,' says Penny.
And then beyond class nine are the severe accidents that are not part of the design basis.
A. International and regional initiatives to control small arms
I promise I won't let myself, my parents, and my country down.
Some hideous-skirt convention you have to go to?
Some hybrid video coding standards are based on motion compensated prediction.
I'd been hearing an ad campaign about smoking.
From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Article 73 In accordance with Article 54 of the Patent Law, if anyone requests the administrative department for patent under the State Council to rule the amount of the exploitation fee, the party concerned shall submit the written request for a ruling, and affix the certified documents on both parties' failure to reach the agreement.
43. The defined benefit plans of UNDP include after-service health insurance and certain end-of-service entitlements.
45. New Zealand continued to encourage Tokelau’s constitutional, social and economic development.
Benefits matrices to assign monetary value to quantifiable outcome will be developed, where possible;
39. UNDP made progress in enhancing projects in the areas of rule of law, demobilization, disarmament and reintegration, and small arms control.
37. The Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran provides for the strength, independence and moral authority of the judicial system.
V. Space debris
Draft guidance for reporting on global climate observation systems
The 6 achievements on Ion Beam Bio - engineering of Low Energy were outlined.
Most Puerto Ricans valued United States citizenship and recognized that there were better alternatives than annexation, which implied assimilation, and independence, which implied separation.
Indeed, the United Nations must lead, not follow, in global governance.
Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama the son of Ammihu of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
Function of monolithic computer automatic control and monitor system of compressed water pump station hardware construction and software designed principle were introduced.
Spain
The efforts emphasize the role of the Tribunal in the development of international criminal jurisprudence.
Thirty-fifth session
UNITED NATIONS
It shows their total insincerity and refusal to show any sign of remorse or an attitude conducive to reconciliation.
The 2012-2013 exercise will be completed in January 2014. Gender marker
The paper can divide into three parts: Part I: The merge and monopoly of enterprise.
It made recommendations.
8.23-9.22 This is a week when there may be serious  personal temptations that you'll need to overcome... You can expect all the "right" reasons  excuses to "take the easy way out" or to make lousy decisions you might later regret
66. A more recent and critical development is the arrest and detention in Mogadishu of Sheikh Hassan Aweys, a prominent leader of Al-Shabaab, in early July 2013.
 Noting further the Government's expressed need for development assistance to achieve its stated goal of economic independence by the year 1996,
The IMO Working Group on Oil Tanker Safety and Environmental Matters, which met from 28 November to 1 December 2000, said that IMO should examine the need to establish principles for coastal States, acting either individually or on a regional basis, to review their contingency arrangements regarding the provision of ports of refuge, taking into consideration national sovereignty rights.
Organization of work, including the sessions of the subsidiary bodies
Key foundations for high-quality reporting: Good practices of monitoring and enforcement, and compliance mechanisms
Separate financial statements have been prepared for funds that are not reported in volume I; please refer to the ninth paragraph of the present section.
Serbia requested specific technical assistance to implement subparagraph (b), on the adoption of measures to permit its courts to order payment of compensation or damages.
The growth comes in once you embrace the change.
The first is a border adjustment tax that would give tax breaks to US exporters, but impose a levy – or, equivalently, disallow deductions – on imports to the US.
In September and October, the Committee considered the Team's fifth report (S/2006/750, enclosure) in great detail.
Total inter-
]float See if the tap is dripping
Qilihai wetland is the core of Tianjin Ancient Seacoast and Swamp Reserve in China.
Users wanting to connect via a mobile service will have to link their tablets to a BlackBerry device and connect through that.
Also, full heed must be paid to the appeal the Security Council issued in its resolution 882 (1993) for help in ensuring the success of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique (UNOMOZ).
10. During the ensuing general debate, delegations expressed their condolences on the death in Afghanistan of the former Chair of the Working Group, Glyn Berry.
5. A comparison between the proposed financial regulations and rules and those of UNFPA and UNDP, together with explanations for deviations, is being planned.
Punitive actions under Part XIV of the IRO include:
912/2000, Ganga
"Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Please help to support our petition to prevent this irresponsible act by signing below.
In their view, the Special Committee could offer its useful assistance to the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations, based on the proposal of the Russian Federation, which they viewed as timely and useful.
Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/51/804)
(2) one of the parties has lost the capacity to engage in litigation and his agent ad item has not been designated yet;
(c) Accept regular and independent monitoring by international organizations.
This is laid down in Article 7 Paragraph 5 of the Constitution of the Slovak Republic: "International treaties on human rights and fundamental freedoms, international treaties for the enforcement of which the adoption of law is not required, and international treaties which directly confer rights or impose duties on natural persons or legal persons and which were ratified and promulgated in a manner laid down by a law shall have precedence over laws."
Can we do that with a report like the one before us now? Does this report offer enough analysis for us to be able to work in any depth so that the international community as a whole can contribute to the work of the Security Council?
aspiring dancers(all they ever needed was the music and the mirror).
United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts
This is more than enough time to break through using your tier 3 armor or to sneak in a commando to finish off the job.
His criminal record does not dispose me to trust him.
Subprogramme 7
6. The possibility of applying the national space debris mitigation guidelines, adapted from the European Code of Conduct for Space Debris Mitigation, to the needs of EnMAP is being assessed.
After the International Court of Justice issued its opinion in 1954 stating that the General Assembly could not refuse to give effect to obligations arising from the Tribunal's judgements, a review procedure had been instituted which gave Member States the right to question the Tribunal's judgements.
59. The National Institute of Colonization and Agrarian Reform (INCRA) has the primary responsibility for ensuring the social function of land and contributing to sustainable development and social inclusion.
After working well for a year, the air conditioner suddenly started kicking up.
Let us never forget all those who laid down their lives on the altar of victory, who perished in battle, died of their wounds or exhaustion or endured torments in the concentration camps.
In accordance with the pertinent dispositions of the Charter of the United Nations that encourage regional cooperation for the promotion of the purposes and principles of the United Nations, the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries has also reached cooperation agreements with a number of regional, subregional and intergovernmental organizations, including the African Union, the Council of Europe, the Economic Community of West African States and the International Organization of la Francophonie.
H.E. Mr. Jean-Marie Ehouzou
Proponents of new nuclear powerstations make three arguments in their favor.
Fact 8: There is considerable scope to improve the efficiency with which industry uses energy.
195. At the current rate, gacaca may be under way by the time the Special Representative reports to the next session of the Commission on Human Rights.
(f) strengthening cooperation with the purpose of implementation of this set of provisions.
Écaillon
We therefore call for greater participation of States in the Convention and for expanding the scope of the Convention through the Protocol in order to enhance its effectiveness.
(d) Introduce and/or strengthen participatory human rights education and training programmes to change attitudes and behaviours that lead to discrimination against children.
In response to pressure from women's organizations, the Government was looking into the situation in other countries, for example Cameroon, where abortion was authorized in cases of rape (E/C.12/2000/SR.17).
The utility of the Convention is diminished, moreover, by the low number of States parties (30 as at June 2010), pointing again to the need for a more far-reaching instrument.
This trend, commonly termed "bio-piracy", threatens to rob the youth of today and future generations of the right to this knowledge.
We appreciate the call of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon for a stronger United Nations for a better world.
The mission's objective was to assess the role and situation of human rights defenders in the country.
Annie Potts, co-director of the New Zealand Centre of Human and Animal Studies at New Zealand's Canterbury University, said she coined the term vegansexuals during her research.
The move adds to the pressure on BP amid a battle for control of TNK-BP between its British and Russian shareholders.
It was an unusual work, its main three movements followed by a slow, sad adagio
F. Communications
inventory turnoverfixed asset turnover2.The volume of a stock or exchange over a given period of time.
In addition, the Constitution Act of 1982 recognizes and affirms the existing treaty and aboriginal rights of the aboriginal peoples of Canada.
Thus far, the Niger is the only country to have ratified the above-mentioned ECOWAS Convention.
When Mr. cui got to know this, he was deeply moved by the girl's strength facing the fatal disease.
The enclosed photograph shows "2009 East Asian Games" Special Postmark to be issued on 6 November 2005.
This team has been involved with the Post-2015 United Nations Task Team established by the Secretary-General in late 2011.
They no longer recognize us on the street.
85. Ms. Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso) said that her country had submitted its initial report to the Committee on the Rights of the Child in accordance with article 44 of the Convention and that the National Committee for Children, entrusted with following up and evaluating the national plan of action for children, was preparing the first periodic report.
There seems to be no dramatic fundamental news since March other than the price increases themselves.
Over the reporting period, against the backdrop of a general decline in the number of violent crimes of a sexual nature, their proportion in the overall structure of crimes is increasing.
"The Committee expressed its deep concern about deficiencies in the legal system with regard to violence against women, in view of the fact that incest and domestic violence are not specifically penalized by the law and are surrounded with silence." (Paragraph 20)...
The right of the parents to partial care leave will be expanded.
This approach was confirmed by the decisions adopted at the 1995 NPT Review and Extension Conference and by the final document of the 2000 NPT Review Conference, which - due to the inconclusive NPT meeting of 2005 - still remains the latest consensual instrument leading to nuclear disarmament (at least for States parties to the NPT).
Bagheria
2. At the same meeting, the Commission adopted the report.
This benefit is paid to the rural and urban employee (except domestic employees) and special social security beneficiaries who, after an employment injury has healed, suffers from sequela that reduce his working capacity.
P. Article 16. Equality in marriage and the family
12. In spite of the progress made in the ongoing clean-up of the staff personal accounts, the balance of $9.6 million as at 31 December 1993 included a few inaccurate balances (see paras. 40 and 41).
In addition to the Government's own national development plans, the provincial authorities also provided for the needs of the local population.
With more communications procedures being established, a review of good practices could be undertaken, which could be of use in relation to the working methods used in dealing with individual communications.
Weekly meetings are held with representatives of all three attending, along with officers from the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCHR).
(a) The Committee approved the revised budget appropriations for the biennium 2002-2003 (see para. 76, draft resolution II A);
In December 2009, Green Cross International organized a side event at the fifteenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, held in Copenhagen. Cooperation with United Nations bodies
It has worked in support of this objective within the European Union and the New Agenda Coalition.
70. The entry and employment permit of aliens in cabarets and nightclubs is governed by the Aliens and Immigration Legislation, (which has been amended, in order to incorporate all the relevant European acquis on trafficking in human beings) as well as by administrative orders and decisions.
Breaches of privacy and confidentiality are a further indignity experienced by sex workers in health settings.
The convoluted sheets would stabilize these unpaired electronsbyprotecting them from reacting with one another.
The Committee also notes with satisfaction that both the voluntary and compulsory recruitment of children under the age of 18 years are prohibited under the State party's legislation.
I looked myself into the mirror, a jaw of beard and a fluffy of hair in front of me, i was so depressed.
Project Flower
And on this evening success stood at his back, patting him on the shoulder and telling him that he was making good, so that he could afford to laugh and make laughter and remain unabashed.Later, Ruth's anxiety found justification.
But they are often underfunded and ill equipped to assess the likely consequences of mergers, and to make valid technocratic arguments against them.
Classification of posts and staff
The Commission had recommended to the Secretariat, as a priority activity within its substantive work programme, the organization of two workshops: the first covering the available knowledge on the environment, the second on the technologies envisaged for the exploration and exploitation and for the protection of the environment.
Shiite religious parties in Iraq came up short of securing a majority in the new parliament according to final results announced Friday by the Election Commission.
The transposition of article 45 of the Vienna Convention into draft article 11 was done without paying attention to the differences between the Vienna Convention and the draft articles.
In mainland United States during the same year, GDP per capita was estimated at $36,300.
2000s in Croatia
I don't know how he told them, but there was no apparent negative fallout.
13. In a report prepared in response to the requests of the General Assembly in resolution 57/283 B of 15 April 2003 and as a follow-up to the above-mentioned report, the Secretary-General summed up the measures taken by the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management in the first year of reform and outlined the future course of action (A/58/213).
In Pakistan, the results of the first-ever comprehensive national survey on drug use and health were released, which provided important baseline information to further develop policies and programmes.
A blanket guarantee on deposits could present risks apart from exposing the FDIC to enormous costs.
" Enraged by the response,the farmer was tempted to fire him on the spot.
Item 9 of the provisional agenda
III. Measures taken by States to implement resolution 62/134
This integrated domestic financial systems with international financial markets and institutions, intensifying financial globalization and severely constraining macroeconomic policy space.
Service units with revised opening hours after 1 January 2007
For three months the seamen sighted no land except a few desolate , uninhabited islands.
Welcoming the work of the African Union Commission of Inquiry in independent and public human rights monitoring, investigation and reporting, and its 27 June 2014 "Interim Report of AU Commission of Inquiry on South Sudan", and anticipating with interest its findings and recommendations,
Don't you want to have a career and marriage and children?
Can you tell me something about it? Do you come from a country where they shake hands?
I was wondering whether you remember how they made it?
Frequency and prioritization of audit recommendations
There was only one thing to do that was to let her have a rest by a tree.
Other documents before the Committee on Science and Technology at its eleventh session
Additional "sources" of Hg that could be mobilised
7Ob 54/02w
Two or three people tried to sit in the window seat beside the soldier, but they too read the notice and went on, when the plane was nearly full, a very beautiful girl hurried into the plane.
 5. Some ACC members stressed that the report has not taken fully into account present arrangements between specialized agencies and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
(a) Viet Nam: "United Nations role in enhancing international cooperation to combat epidemics";
these years this group is trying to get the city government to help bike rides.
I'm glad I didn't go into the room to look at his face.
Note:
A posted red banner informed the town of the arrival of a postal ship from either the north or the southern sea.
The sponsors hoped that the draft resolution would be adopted by consensus.
Please take care to send your name, address, and either telephone number or e - mail address.
35. Paragraph 7 of the report states that 82 per cent of the Pai tavyterá are illiterate.
The specific objectives require the countries to expand and upgrade, as appropriate, infrastructure for the supply, transmission and distribution of modern and renewable energy services in rural and urban areas; to make broadband policy universal; to promote open and affordable access to the Internet for all; and to address the digital divide.
Initial experience in REDD implementation was accumulating, indicating that it was a unique opportunity to transform the forest sector and landscapes.
(e) The Secretary-General may decide in each case whether the education grant shall extend to adopted children or stepchildren.
The key to success will be to improve the efficiency of public spending, while attracting more private investment.
It further specifies, in paragraph 94, that "an entity makes a judgment whether the discount rate that reflects the time value of money is best approximated by reference to market yields at the reporting date on government bonds, high quality corporate bonds or by another financial instrument".
IV. Consolidated income projections
(b) Ensure the full and effective implementation of a comprehensive policy to prevent HIV/AIDS;
She is able to focus on pleasure and finds contentment in the beauty she encounters around her.
Our Lord was not saying that we don't need to work, that we don't need to eat, or that we shouldn't bother about how we dress.
Annan: Sudanese Leaders may be Held Responsible for Darfur Tragedy With the Security Council set to hold a debate on Darfur Monday, Secretary-General Annan expressed frustration that his attempts to persuade Sudanese leaders to accept U.N. troops in Darfur have failed
SN 2005gl
Request events which are generated during the Apply Request Values phase are handled during the handle request events phase.
It does not behove an international official to mislead the international community in such a way.
Find out a few healthy meals to eat for breakfast with help from a health and nutrition expert in this free video clip.
In developed and developing countries, the trend towards early sexual experience undermines efforts to fight HIV and other STIs.
Soldiers and marines in the training phases also receive ongoing training in these areas.
Canadian Singles Chart
Again the sirens, the screech of wheels, the white coats perpetual motion.
(e) [Agreed] Promote affordable and socially and culturally acceptable technologies and practices;
19. Draft resolution A/C.1/66/L.42
Be a hero.
Private military company
4. The Advisory Committee recommends that the General Assembly endorse the approach proposed by the Secretary-General in his report.
Bento Fernandes
(a) Yes (b) No 3) While singing, if somebody forgets lines of the songs, will he/she stop singing or not (a) Yes (b) No 4) I was showing to my friends (who are all girls) my childhood photo.
After further consultations, the Council voted on a revised text of the draft resolution on 13 July 2006, but failed to adopt it.
A large number of people tend to live under the illusion that they had completed their education when they finished their schooling
The second and third phases were focusing on aquaculture and fisheries management.
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget/extrabudgetary):
[? [No,I don't know how to dance.Every time I tired,my partner would suffer [.
In 2004, there were 7 schools in operation in the Territory, attended by a total of 749 pupils.
Moreover, Iraq contends that KPC could not have sold the fluid loss volume both for logistical and political reasons.
He stated that, through a series of resolutions, legislative bodies of the United Nations had adopted international instruments and established a significant body of standards and norms, within the framework of the United Nations, dealing with a wide range of issues relating to crime prevention and criminal justice.
IMS HealthAgainst this backdrop, too many people are taking the prescription transaction for granted.
You feel relaxed when you're sitting on the roof, looking up to the sky and chatting with intimate friends, said Gong Ying, 25.
The Dalai Lama denies the charge, and says he only wants autonomy for Tibet.
Organization of work, adoption of the agenda and allocation of items [7]
Priority area 4: re-establishment of essential administrative and basic services
To fetch hardware properties from the production server.
Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions Annexes
The Chairperson suggested wording along the following lines: "The security right is limited to the value remaining in the tangible property in excess of the obligation owing to the seller or financial lessor."
Article 258 The limitation period for claims against the carrier with regard to the carriage of passengers by sea is two years, counting respectively as follows: (1) Claims for personal injury: Counting from the day on which the passenger disembarked or should have disembarked; (2) Claims for death of passengers that occurred during the period of carriage: Counting from the day on which the passenger should have disembarked; whereas those for the death of passengers that occurred after the disembarkation but resulted from an injury during the period of carriage by sea, counting from the day of the death of the passenger concerned, provided that this period does not exceed three years from the time of disembarkation.
Teacher tells class that Santa isn't real A primary school teacher left a class of 25 pupils in tears when she told them Santa Claus does not exist.
54. The International Labour Organization (ILO) has developed a series of conventions and recommendations on the exploitation of child labour.
It is like a garden which shows (exhibits) various kinds of animals, birds and insects.
Besides, building design must take environmental considerations into account.
I cannot tell you how delighted I was with the beautiful birthday present you gave me.
The observance is co-sponsored by DPI, UNAIDS, UNICEF, UNDP, UNFPA, ILO, WHO, the World Bank, UNIFEM and UNV.
The serious drought in Southwest China has tremendously affected Lijiang River, Huangguoshu Waterfall and some other famous scenic spots featuring mountains and waters.
In 1972, on the basis of data on toxicity to fish and migrating birds (but not to humans), the United States Environmental Protection Agency banned virtually all uses of DDT, an inexpensive and effective pesticide once widely deployed to kill disease-carrying insects.
In 1996, Vilma C. Gonsalves, a trade union leader, received death threats and was abducted.
Among indigo blue, blue, purple and green, one may select one color, or two , or three.
9. On 22 October, Xanana Gusmao returned to Dili.
The rat was caught in a trap.
See, I have not slept, said Villefort, showing his undisturbed bed; grief does not stun me
:: The United Nations and the World Bank committed to the progressive alignment of salaries for 6,000 to 7,000 government staff currently paid through their funds, with an agreed government scale for national technical assistance
For a small island developing country such as the Federated States of Micronesia, the condition and productivity of our limited land areas, and of the seas that surround us, are key to our survival.
force(ointment,etc)into sth by rubbing
After all, on the first day of class all you did was talk about how cute he was.
It is important that we continue to provide collective guidance to the Council and help it mature.
52. Identifying knowledge and capacity gaps requires close analysis of the situation in a country, and closing commitment gaps requires working with the Government and other actors at the national level.
New Territories Women   Juveniles Welfare Association
63. As indicated earlier, a major issue on the agenda of the Group of Experts was the recommendation made in the Secretary-General's report on follow-up to and implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development1 for strengthening the institutional framework for international cooperation on tax matters by converting the Group of Experts into an intergovernmental body within the subsidiary machinery of the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
51. In the outcome document of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, world leaders called for renewed thinking on how to adequately provide the required development financing for development, particularly in the context of the formulation of the post-2015 development agenda and the sustainable development goals.
Make Chinese Language Come Alive!
 They also provide technical expertise to the Office of the High Representative and other international organizations, coordinate and undertake ad hoc investigative missions and provide human rights training to IPTF.
We oppose double standard on anti-terrorism, or linking terrorism with certain ethnic group or religion.
In the homework, the orchid always remind me to write to maintain a neat job of this cleanliness;
Don't run, you can harm your ankle.
(n) Legal entities or natural persons licensed to trade in second-hand goods, in cultural heritage or in goods of cultural value or to broker such transactions or to accept goods as collateral for credit,
The Committee continued consideration of item 97 (a) and (b).
(b) $350,000 for agencies with average annual expenditures greater than $500 million.
TONY: Did you make it yourself
29. With regard to country-level participation of non-resident agencies, an assessment of the pilot implementation of the 2006 United Nations Development Group action plan on non-resident agencies indicates that achievements by resident coordinator offices and non-resident agencies participating in the pilot plan implementation have so far been mixed.
42. The main procedural issues that were discussed included the issue of the venue and date of the Conference and of the Preparatory Committee meetings, the issue of participation in the Conference and in the preparatory process and the issue of the composition of the bureau of the Preparatory Committee meetings and the bureau of the Conference.
:: Denial of access to humanitarian organizations by warring factions is unacceptable.
Alphabets used by Turkic languages
French expatriates in Russia
Contents
But I dont like that style.You should try them
 In witness whereof the undersigned, being duly authorized by their Governments, have signed this Protocol.
  He had to see her, whether she liked it or not.
Deplete the Ozone Layer Port Ghalib, Egypt, 4 - 8 November 2009
International Year of Forests, 2011
:: Financial accounts, follow-up on outstanding payments and financial disputes and compliance with outstanding administrative requirements for 3 liquidating field operations as part of the administration of their residual financial affairs
28Though I like the dress, it doesnt fit me. Though the dress is liked by me, Im not fitted by the dress
The puppy snatched the candy from the girl's hand.
28. The Agenda for Change clearly reflected the Government's commitment to promoting good political and economic governance, establishing peace and stability and laying a foundation for sustainable development.
Focus areas refer to the key standard processes that are typically found in United Nations operations, based on the results of 51 risk assessments the Division had completed.
To condemn international terrorism, including the terrorist attack of 11 September 2001 against the United States of America and the exploitation by the Israeli Government of this attack in order to maintain its practice of State terrorism and to launch a devastating general war of aggression against the Palestinian people;
Arms and ammunitionc
Debriefing with Representative of the Secretary-General and the United Nations Development Programme Resident Representative/United Nations Resident Coordinator Departure
Multi-party democracy, implementation of a common market under the East Africa Community and implementation of a programme for local government reforms were cited by another as factors enhancing success.
 Some countries, such as Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have struggled with the consequences of the Second World War for decades.
His delegation fully concurred with a remark contained in the report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization, to the effect that while technological advances and open borders would enable commercial firms to organize the production of goods and services transnationally, they might also facilitate the operations of terrorist networks, criminal syndicates, drug traffickers and money launderers.
The implication was that the lending policies of the lender of last resort in the global financial architecture were keys to the decision of a country to restructure its sovereign debt.
Mindful of the aforementioned General Assembly resolution, the Ad Hoc Committee itself recommended in paragraph 16 of its report (A/58/37) that the Sixth Committee should consider establishing a working group, if appropriate, to continue with that task.
Without exception, the actions laid out by the Secretary-General to maintain the United Nations as a relevant and responsive institution are excellent ones.
Composition of delegation
It requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Assembly at its fifty-fifth session a report containing information on the status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the problems addressed in resolution 54/149.
The specific situation of each country needs to be fully considered.
Editorial Board of the Recueil Documents, Warsaw (1971-1989)
Iraq (UNMOVIC)
Do Chilean law enforcement agencies cooperate with the Interpol Weapons and Explosives Tracking System?
Yeah. I heard about that, all right.
When Riziki and Aziza attended the inaugural meeting of the Camfed Association (Cama) in Morogoro, Tanzania, in June 2005, they were disappointed.
Who wouldn't play the man in such a situation?
Good,good. Now let's do the torture scene.
United Nations bodies and departments
Without that, brokerages would not have had all of that liquidity to lend for margin trading.
"6. Encourages Member States to continue to increase, as appropriate, the participation of civil society, including women's organizations, in Government decision-making in national development policy areas;
Part II: Information, communication and space technology, and environment and sustainable development;
Kongit Sinegiorgis**
He caught a packet from me when he did turn up.
The teacher asks all the students to memorize the multiplication formula in a week.
This situation is not unique to Sierra Leone – or to Africa.
We need more vigorous promotion of a public awareness campaign on using treated mosquito nets.
Training for delegates and staff of permanent missions
Cotia
17 January 2005
As at 31 October 2002, 307 reports have been submitted to the Committee.
But Paul thought not good to take him with them, who departed from them from Pamphylia, and went not with them to the work.
It would be available to all States that are in compliance with their safeguards obligations.
Commercial Crime Bureau investigates serious and complex commercial fraud, counterfeiting and technology crime.
She called on the Committee to make justice prevail and ensure that the people of Western Sahara and all colonized people could enjoy their rights and achieve their dreams.
Speech is silvers. Silence is gold.
These would include loss of earnings as a result of personal injury.
For instance, Sometimes I set up surveillance Outside his attorney's office.
Yet ministers from consuming nations like the U.S. put most of the blame on the fundamentals of supply and demand, saying more oil is needed at a time when global demand since 2003 has jumped by 1.8% a year on average -- thanks largely to surging demand from China and India.
Mr Carter had lung trouble , and the doctor warned him he would sign his own death warrant if he didn't stop smoking .
Is the tape test performed to make sure the adhesion of gold plating?
The Commission also noted that with the introduction of the euro, the calculation of separate trigger points for the European currency areas would need to be reviewed.
Information technology
For several hundred years, many ancestors carry on the exploration regarding this.
A. What is gender-related killing of women?
Though barriers may sometimes stand in the way of your dreams, remember that your destiny is hiding behind them.
It also welcomes the promulgation of a number of legal instruments aimed at guaranteeing human rights for all persons in the territory of the State party, including the new Civil Code and Criminal Code.
This paper studies its mechanism from stabilization, deformation and combined action.
The situation in Afghanistan (see S/1994/20/Add.3, 11, 31 and 47; S/1996/15/Add.6, 14, 38, 41 and 42; S/1997/40/Add.15, 27 and 50; S/1998/44/Add.14, 28, 31, 34, 37 and 49; S/1999/25/Add.33, 40 and 41; S/2000/40/Add.13 and 50; S/2001/15/Add.23, 31, 46, 49 and 51; S/2002/30/Add.2, 4, 5, 8, 10, 12, 16, 20, 24, 25, 28, 37, 43, 47, 49 and 51; S/2003/40/Add.4, 8, 12, 18, 24, 41 and 42; S/2004/20/Add.2, 12, 14, 21, 28, 34, 37, 39, 41 and 45; S/2005/15/Add.1, 11, 24, 33, 36 and 46; and S/2006/10/Add.2, 5, 6, 10, 11, 29 and 36)
Doctoral thesis on international criminal law (Juvenile criminal justice in Jordanian legislation: a comparative study).
(b) Open up the engagement process with smaller, local civil society organizations including grass-roots groups, spontaneous social movements and civil society organizations which deal with marginalized groups;
No, that's noise.
:: LWF also had several project-based agreements with FAO for the distribution of seeds and hand tools.
China emphasizes popularizing and strengthening national defense education with patriotism at its core, strives to enhance the national defense awareness of the whole people, and helps citizens perform defense duties conscientiously.
139. At the same meeting, the Council adopted draft decision I, entitled “Second session of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources for Development”, recommended by the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources for Development, as amended (E/1999/32, chap. I, sect. B, and E/1999/L.42).
At that session it became clear that a society cannot be harmonious if large sections of its population are deprived of their basic rights, while others live in opulence.
2002-2003: $54 million raised
26. The European Union agreed with the Advisory Committee's observations regarding UNMISET, and urged the Secretariat to make greater use of the results-based budgeting framework in order to make budget forecasts and indicators of achievement more accurate and avoid large cost overruns such as that for travel.
Procedures for port State control of vessels
(d) The chairman of the Darfur Reconstruction and Development Fund Member
To be sure, its Thai secretary-general, Surin Pitsuwan, offered the organisation's help as a mediator.
Nowadays most of the cadres as party members have firm ideal and belief, but part of them are questionable.
The General Assembly,
Expressing its appreciation to the Government of Austria and the Centre for International Crime Prevention for the organization of the symposium on the theme "Combating international terrorism: the contribution of the United Nations", held in Vienna on 3 and 4 June 2002, and taking note of the report of the Executive Director,
(Extremist Protestants Riot in Northern Island for the Third Night)    Extremist Protestants have rioted for a third straight night in Belfast, Northern Ireland and to the north and east of the city, but police say the intensity of the violence is fading.
Department of Economic and Social Affairs
I. Supplementary tables II. Budget presentation and methodology
I like this piece of sky blue, pure, yet mischievous.
In this regard, with the proclaimed motivation of preserving national security, Governments have adopted policies gradually curtailing or disregarding civil and political rights or selecting those rights more fitting to that goal.
Finding the perfect spot in the forest to stop and forage might also have something to do with it.
We fully subscribe to the Secretary-General's assertion that development is a fundamental human right and that development is the most secure basis for peace.
He was making, with great care, a picture of a seabird.
Legal and institutional aspects
He noted, however, that the Supreme Council of the Magistracy had been convened only once since it was established in 1994.
Presentations at the session also reviewed some national policies and legislative frameworks related to the assessment and management of water resources in mountain regions.
Import   Export Consulting   Resources
Please also indicate whether a population-based survey on violence against women has been conducted, and any results of such a survey.
Currently, women constitute 21.34% of the general Police force, as compared to 21% in Israel's previous report.
 In July 1991 there were 56 aircraft of different types in the "ZMAJ" Institute: 13 aircraft in working order were transferred in July 1991, while 43 non-operational aircraft were evacuated along with all spare parts, i.e. 1,329 components, in the first half of December 1991.
Chief Justice John Roberts is in a hospital in Maine after a fall at his summer home.
Shut-ins -- 70 to 80 percent of whom are men -- often sleep much of the day and are up all night, watching television, using the Internet and popping out to the 24-hour convenience stores that are located in most
It was therefore vitally important for developing countries to include stratospheric platforms, such as the Sky Station stratospheric platform, in their national telecommunications plans.
We would like to thank the facilitator of the resolution, the representative of Sweden, for his strenuous efforts to meet the concerns of the Arab Group.
Much has been done on this issue, particularly the issuance of the ASEAN Declaration on the South China Sea in 1992, which pledges the non-use of force in settling disputes, as well as the promotion of cooperation among the parties concerned.
24 September 2009
One World Trust Publications Related to the Work of the United Nations
Another day just came. Today I had supper with my friends , chatting funny things and gossip on others .
(a) What happens when the chance of countries meeting their goals or improving on them is close to zero?
14. If your State is a party to any of the following ILO Conventions:
Chilli Qhata
82. The position of the Government of Montserrat on constitutional reform is set out in section II above, which deals with the ongoing constitutional negotiations between Montserrat and the Government of the United Kingdom.
69. Specific Millennium Development Goals will require specific acceleration efforts, as outlined below:
However, functions of a continuing nature should be carried out by staff occupying established posts, and the related expenditure should be charged to staff costs.
Combined third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Cyprus (CEDAW/C/CYP/3-5; CEDAW/C/CYP/ Q/5 and Add.1)
This specially of the Vatican and its embodied principles of ontology, so called "virtual Expo Mimamsa Classic. "
A National coalition against trafficking in persons has been established.
Provision has been made under the next phase to improve the collection of water samples and to rehabilitate laboratory facilities.
Deadline for submission of draft resolutions on all disarmament and international security agenda items
12. Notes with appreciation the measures taken by the Secretary-General, in accordance with its resolutions, to address, inter alia, the issue of the replacement of retiring staff in the language services, and requests the Secretary-General to maintain and intensify those efforts, including the strengthening of cooperation with institutions that train language specialists, in order to meet the needs in the six official languages of the United Nations;
Mechanisms for protecting and promoting rights and monitoring implementation
More generally, does the Government of Rwanda have knowledge of, and documentation on, foreign forces or entities operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
Getafe CF footballers
"(ii) Capacity. Provides treatment to 20 ambulatory patients/day, temporary holding capacity of 5 patients up to 2 days, medical supplies and consumables for 60 days;
So, while it's worth asking, it might be difficult to modify the health plan.
He made a good showing in competition with acknowledged front - runners.
A few of these spores found a toehold on the dark, forbidding rocks and grew and began to work their transformation upon the land.
The coalition's formal policy of not investigating such allegations is "simply not permissible" , he says.
5. The Special Rapporteur expresses thanks to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) in Geneva, Bangkok and New York, for assisting him in discharging his mandate.
A. Education, including vocational training and guidance (Article 28)
the Chinese people are continuing to work hard for the realization of the four modernization , that is the comprehensive modernization of agriculture,industry ,national defence and science and technology.
The priority attached to domestic violence and violence against women requires a highly serious approach on the part of the police, which means that these forms of violence must be specifically addressed in security plans.
Unless my boy has cracked his head open on the wall corner or my wife's gone into labor, I don't want to know about it.
All sides should continue to engage in dialogue aimed at peaceful resolution of the conflict, and unfettered international humanitarian access should be granted to the region.
I. Introduction
Her public avowals to reduce crime have yet to be put into effect.
Member States' involvement in, and support of, the World Programme are needed early in the upcoming decade, owing to the number of incoming requests by countries for immediate advice on alternative census designs that may be tried for the purpose of increasing effectiveness and efficiency in the gathering of population and housing information, as well as for reducing costs and shortening the time between data collection and dissemination.
 This aggression constitutes a grave threat to international peace and security and a breach of the United Nations Charter, international law and Security Council resolutions.
Women face restrictions in their appointment to certain decision-making positions.
Sustaining the activities aimed at training experts and educating and raising the awareness of the public continues to be a challenge in most countries due to limited financial and human resources and competing priorities, such as poverty alleviation and food security.
Those who provide services in developing films, processing videos and facilitating mass communications should be requested to report instances of child exploitation to the law enforcement authorities.
Bulgaria believes that any reform exercise should increase the representativity and legitimacy of the Council, while preserving the effectiveness of its decisions and its key role in maintaining peace and security.
The theme of the Forums will be "Governance for a Progressing Africa".
So you have come back at last.
Sotheby's
Reports showed considerable gaps in available data.
The provision of security through DIS presence in 19 locations in eastern Chad contributed notably towards the implementation of the mandate of the Mission.
Books posses an essence of immortality.
The State party considers that the complainants' assertion that they are at risk of being treated in a manner that would amount to a breach of the Convention fails to rise to the basic level of substantiation required for the purposes of admissibility and is thus inadmissible pursuant to article 22, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
There was agreement that future courses could be specific in content, for example on WTO issues, while keeping in mind that sectoral and/or regional issues needed to be addressed simultaneously.
These are some of the main tasks to be undertaken in meeting the prevailing industrial development challenges - from combating climate change to creating a fairer system for international trade - in the context of a changing multilateral system of development cooperation and an evolving global aid architecture.
 The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 32 of document DP/1996/29 that the Administrator, at this stage, does not propose changes.
Refuse to dwell on the mistakes or disappointments that are sometimes a part of life, instead learn how you can make things better
I. Introduction 1 - 4 3
It was encouraging to see the progress being made by the International Committee on Global Navigation Satellite Systems towards achieving compatibility and interoperability among global and regional space-based positioning, navigation and timing systems.
Children grow up to leave home The primacy of the husband-wife relationship permits a child to begin preparing for his future life.
As the World Bank has emphasized repeatedly, there is a strong correlation between poverty and conflict.
6. Urges those Member States that have outstanding balances on foreign tax accounts receivable to provide the reimbursement due as quickly as possible;
297. The review of the 10-year implementation of the Law on Marriage and the Family (1986-1996) showed that a majority of people had abided by the legal regulations on marriage. The average marriage age for urban people is 24-28 and for the rural population is 19-22.
The related requirements should therefore be prioritized and absorbed within existing resources.
 (b) By an information system programmed by or on behalf of the originator to operate automatically.
In light of article 18 of the Convention and in line with its previous recommendations (CRC/C/15/Add.75, paras. 39 and 43), the Committee recommends that the State party:
A fourth number belongs to Gerard Hakizimali, whose brother is reportedly fighting in FDLR.
8. Decides that, for Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Operation, their respective share of the unencumbered balance and other income in the total amount of 225,443,200 dollars in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2008, shall, on an exceptional basis, and in the light of the submission of a progress report during the budget period, be offset against either their apportionment as provided for in paragraph 5 above or the apportionment for the Operation effective for the period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010, according to the preference of the relevant Member State, in accordance with the updated levels approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/243, taking into account the scale of assessments for 2008, as set out in its resolution 61/237, and requests the Secretary-General to implement such an approach;
But I reject the notion that a PRI victory would automatically restore the status quo ante, as if Mexico, its links to the world, and the PRI itself had stood still throughout the last 12 years.
Over the years, I've seen entrepreneurs make three mistakes during boom - and - bust cycles.
At the 1972 Sapporo Games, Kulakova entered all three cross-country races for women and finished first in all of them. She won the 10km event by more than 36 seconds and the 5km by 5 seconds.
Stress had also been laid on the importance of the follow-up to the Summit, support for social protection systems, and the need to strike a balance between economic and social development and take care that they were mutually reinforcing.
" "I said to keep quiet! You are going to jail!
In the hope that the compendium of national laws and regulations concerning terrorism would be published in the near future, the European Union supported the Secretary-General’s request to those States that had not yet done so to provide information on their national laws and regulations.
`Doctor, I'm no coward; no, not I - not so much!
The programme consists of two phases, to be carried out within the next two to three years, and is aimed at improving the living conditions of the local population most affected by the conflict through the restoration of basic services such as electricity, public health, water sanitation, waste management and agricultural development.
Ever since the financial crisis of 2008 and the subsequent rescue packages for Greece, the EU has learned how to muddle through one crisis after another.
The fox betook herself to the thicket.
Wet scrubbers or spray absorbents using limestone for acid gas removal has efficiencies of 55-65 per cent and 44-52 per cent, respectively.
(b) Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods, as amended, 1980 (New York) (20 States parties);
88. A study should be carried out on the impact of incentive schemes to promote language learning. Depending on the results of the study, these schemes could be maintained, or stronger incentives introduced, and an environment and work culture more conducive to multilingualism developed within the Organization.
The debate should be an informal meeting of experts that did not result in any binding conclusions, but rather encouraged fruitful, open exchanges on the issue of migration and development.
2. Adoption of the Agenda
Box 1 below describes two examples of innovative practices in expanding access to sanitation.
69. Ms. Banzon-Abalos (Philippines) said that the lack of progress towards poverty eradication and development had been exacerbated by the global economic and food crises and disasters, threatening to derail efforts to achieve development goals.
(iv) By isolation of wastes consisting of, containing or contaminated with POPs in order to prevent contamination of other materials.
Hughes ) For man is man and master of his fate.
5. Possible causative agent(s) .
Consideration of draft proposals
78. Local knowledge and coping strategies are useful and relevant for assessing the vulnerability of water resources.
The Chairperson: The Committee will now proceed to take action on draft resolution A/C.1/63/L.10.
483. In implementation of the resolution of the Ministerial Council of the League (September 2007) on Euro-Arab dialogue, particularly in relation to the revival of the Euro-Arab Management School in Granada following a period of inactivity, the Secretariat-General liaised with the competent Spanish bodies and the Arab Academy for Science and Technology, after the latter had held a consultative meeting with the representative of the Secretariat-General, to draft an Arab concept largely consistent with the proposals received from the Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Objective:Isobolographic analysis was used to investigate the interactions of Etomidate with Midazolam in anesthesia induction by target control infusion (TCI).
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994,
A Research on the Attraction of World Cultural Heritage Based on Tourist Perception: A Case Study of Mountain Tai
10. Reiterates its request contained in paragraph 8 of its resolution 55/274, and requests the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report thereon, addressing all elements, to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session;
7. Encourages CTED to interact, as appropriate and in consultation with the CTC and relevant member States, with civil society and other relevant nongovernment actors in the context of its efforts to support the CTC's efforts to monitor the implementation of resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1624 (2005);
Grey and yellowish - brown are the most common.
they weren't that enamoured with a young guy coming in and sitting down with a guitar and stealing their business
In general, there was increasing collaboration between the Government and Parliament.
Bozkır
Mr. Gordon H. Bristol
The main bus is totaled. Looks like somebody took a hammer to it.
Source: Employment Survey (annual average, 2002), INE.
This could lead to settlement or resolution in some cases.
37. Continued examination of the spectrum of options for self-determination by all parties concerned and dissemination of relevant information among the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories are important elements in achieving the goals of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and of the plan of action.
Noting with deep concern that, in a number of countries in all regions of the world, impunity for threats, attacks and acts of intimidation against human rights defenders persists and that this impacts negatively on the work and safety of human rights defenders,
13. As stressed by the former Special Rapporteur on violence against women, "trafficking in persons must be viewed within the context of international and national movements and migrations that increasingly are being undertaken owing to economic globalization, the feminization of migration, armed conflict, the breakdown or reconfiguration of the State, and the transformation of political boundaries" (E/CN.4/2000/68, para. 1).
The Working Group agreed with that suggestion.
Integrated Support Services
this is dr.Sheldon cooper.
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 K of 15 December 1994, 51/45 M of 10 December 1996, 52/38 O of 9 December 1997, 53/77 W of 4 December 1998, 54/54 Q of 1 December 1999, 55/33 X of 20 November 2000, 56/24 S of 29 November 2001, 57/85 of 22 November 2002, 58/46 of 8 December 2003, 59/83 of 3 December 2004, 60/76 of 8 December 2005, 61/83 of 6 December 2006, 62/39 of 5 December 2007, 63/49 of 2 December 2008, 64/55 of 2 December 2009, 65/76 of 8 December 2010, 66/46 of 2 December 2011 and 67/33 of 3 December 2012,
In this regard, while the risk of confrontation between PNTL and F-FDTL is seen by most interlocutors as having diminished since 2006, perceptions of the "militarization" of PNTL, focusing on renewed visibility of special units armed with long-barrelled weapons, are a concern.
And so the old orthodoxy was reborn.
The Great Chieftain of the Bow Clan led the faithful ones to this new land, but he fell into evil ways.
Article 39 Any individual or unit that causes damage from soil erosion shall bear the responsibility of removing the damage, and shall compensate the units and individuals that have directly suffered the damage.
China government attaches great importance to environmental issues resulted from the increase of population and growth of economy. 6
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor.
All realized losses and net unrealized losses on short-term investments are offset against investment income.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee.
 The Presidents exchanged opinions on the situation in the Russian Federation, with a view to the forthcoming presidential elections.
We are ready to supply any quantity of your order.
The entitlement to the pension lasts till age 15 or 20 if the child is at school. A Guardian's Allowance is equally paid along with the pension.
Part or all of loss is outside compensable period.
After the founding of New China, the People's Government carried out the land reform and other democratic reforms, and adopted powerful measures to stabilize prices and promote economic development.
In accordance with financial regulation 5.5(c), payments made by a Member State are credited first to the Working Capital Fund and then to the contributions due, in the order in which the Member State was assessed.
Beijing Capital Tourism shares, which have doubled in price since the start of this year, closed at 13. 86 yuan apiece Thursday.
Geng
That's because much of AIDS research would be impossible without experiments that animal advocates consider unethical.
Following the ratification by the Republic of Korea on 1 February 2008, the number of parties to the United Nations Fish Stocks Agreement rose to 68, including the European Community.
Its prestige and authority must therefore be strengthened.
coal replace the wood bank and finance investment photographuniform, random, and building, monumentI have a couple of advice for those kids who are about the start school education.
52. The Cuban government's opposition to Radio and TV Marti was driven by fear of the consequences if the Cuban people were to receive uncensored information about their own country and the world around them.
Can I still wear glasses or contact lenses if results are not satisfactory?
Its administrative allocation would be in the Common Services Division.
1756/2008, Moidunov and Zhumbaeva Latvia (2)
The Commission agreed that the scope of that colloquium could include looking at the Convention broadly and include some of the issues raised by an earlier proposal submitted at its forty-fifth session (A/CN.9/758), as well as other developments in the field, such as the Unidroit Principles of International Commercial Contracts, and explore the need for further work in that area.
He claims that the torture inflicted upon him resulted in a kidney condition, which worsened at the beginning of 2004.
Emissions include gases consisting of argon, carbon dioxide and water vapour.
United Nations
This draft was adopted on 28 February as a note by the President (S/2000/155).
While we do not recognize or support any Somali group or faction, we remain in communication with all the political groups in the country.
I. Introduction II. Management summary of audit implementation status
My last night of drinking!
Recommendation 7
b Accession.
This capability can assist in the genetic identification of micro-organisms and can enable the tracing of its source.
He received a challenge to a TV debate.
If you don't have a therapist, then having a friend read your letters from time to time is very helpful
The phenomenon of parallel proceedings often happens in interregional conflict of laws in China.
Follow-up response
The Assistant Secretary-General for Intergovernmental Support and Strategic Partnerships, funded from the regular budget, assists the Under-Secretary-General by providing substantive support to the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council, the Commission on the Status of Women and other relevant intergovernmental bodies; promoting United Nations system-wide coordination and mainstreaming of gender perspectives in all areas of work; building and strengthening strategic partnerships with a broad range of stakeholders and achieving a robust resource base for UN Women; and engaging in consultations with and facilitating the participation of civil society in relevant processes.
What kind of climate do you have?
Output e: Increased capacity of governments and partners, as duty-bearers, to identify and respond to key human rights and gender equality dimensions of social inclusion
The works include the construction of two sewers from Ap Lei Chau to Aberdeen with length of approximate 1.3 kilometre each and maximum internal diameter of around 0.6 metre(m). The sewers will be constructed using the horizontal directional drilling method mainly in volcanic rock at a depth of up to around 80m below sea level. The works are scheduled to commence in August 2009 for completion in August 2011.
The play had a run of three months.
6. Mr. Yukio Takasu (Japan)
Cape Hickey
They would be expecting her to go home this week.
She just takes the plane.
Similarly, it does not matter whether the lead compound is toxic or has undesirable side effects.
UNICEF provided support to 14 psychosocial teams, reaching over 50,000 children and adolescents, and provided training to 35,000 caregivers.
Sixty-second session
The Government has also recently announced an ambitious budget which proposed to create more than one million new jobs in the next five years.
I. Agreed conclusions 2
It is not typical of other towns.
In most offices, these observations are not significant because the Finance Manual restricts petty cash balances to $500.
This is secretly what all men want so if you can manage it, and it's not easy, then you will earn the love of any man who goes out with you.
Even in the most challenging contexts, there is a sense among fund managers and within recipient governments that UNDP could do more to prepare for handover to national authorities.
The report should be an update document and address all points raised in the present concluding observations.
17. as if  He talks a lot as if he knows everything
It was the understanding of many Governments that at times of crisis, when national security or the stability of the regime, for example, were at risk, the authorities should consider themselves free of any form of control, whether domestic or international, and thus able to resort to any kind of means or instrument to resolve the crisis.
Concerned by the considerable number of communications received by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights defenders that, together with the reports submitted by some of the special procedure mechanisms, indicate the serious nature of the risks faced by human rights defenders, including women human rights defenders,
February (1 day)
Belarus
They stressed the importance of IAEA safeguards as a fundamental part of the nuclear non-proliferation regime and commended the important work of IAEA in implementing safeguards to verify compliance with the non-proliferation obligations of the Treaty.
IV. Other comments and observations
Port'Alba, Naples
The Hungarian Border Guards co-operates with other Hungarian authorities controlling railway stations, the international passenger-, freight trains and airports.
41. On 4 March 1998, Musallam Baracat and Mrs. González Meza de Fernández arrived in Havana from Cancún, Mexico.
a The list includes bilateral free trade agreements containing investment provisions.
In this paper, the analysis of finite element of structure mechanics is introduced.
Total anthropogenic CH4 emissions including emissions/removals from land use, land-use change and forestry, 1990, 2000, 2005, 2010 and 2011
Jack scratched at the porch door, wanting in.
The achievements and the promise the bilateral START process held, including the possibility it offered for development as a plurilateral mechanism including all the nuclear-weapon States, for the practical dismantling and destruction of nuclear armaments, undertaken in the pursuit of the elimination of nuclear weapons, is in jeopardy.
However, given the limited experience in the use of these methods in this area, extensive discussions would be essential in order to work out why they are not currently used, how they could be adapted to the specificities of competition policy (such as in respect of the protection of confidential information), and how to take into account the needs and concerns of developing countries in this connection..
There are at least three options: shift to non-carbon energy sources such as solar or nuclear energy; capture and dispose of the carbon dioxide emitted at carbon-based power plants; economize on energy use, for example by shifting to hybrid automobiles and trucks.
(a) How different are the market access and entry conditions (tariffs and non-tariff barriers) among different segments of agricultural products, e.g. staple crops; vegetables/fruits and meat/fishery/dairy; fats and oils; and cash crops (tea, coffee, cocoa)?
The present situation leaves migrant workers vulnerable to exploitation.
She further said that agencies such as the United Nations Development Programme could ensure that its development policies do not interfere with, and instead actively promote, indigenous peoples' treaty rights.
Meeting on 18 March 2003,
At its 2288th and 2289th meetings, held on 19 February 2014 (see CERD/C/SR.2288 and 2289), it adopted the following concluding observations.
That proposal was adopted.
A Time for Action in the Middle East
3. The Commission, at its reconvened twentieth session, held on 12 and 13 December 2011, took note of the recommendation of the extended Bureau and agreed that informal consultations would be held on Friday, 20 April 2012.
President Bush called Prime Minister Singh on Sunday. It was their second conversation since the Mumbai attack began to unfold on Wednesday.
(b) Prevent and prohibit all forms of discrimination against persons with disabilities;
b Includes 6 temporary positions of the Recruitment and Outreach Unit.
More than 1 million journal articles have been downloaded and Iraq's research publication rate has tripled.
Joe Ma
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to kindly contact Ms. Tiina Pessi (room S-2977EE; tel. 1 (917) 367-9327; e-mail pessi@un.org).
Czech Republic
(h) The United Nations will continue its efforts to strengthen its ability to recruit and deploy staff quickly and flexibly, and to procure emergency relief materials rapidly and cost-effectively in order to support Governments and United Nations country teams in the coordination of international humanitarian assistance in the immediate aftermath of disasters;
Fernand's fortune was already waxing great, and she developed with his growing fortune.
Concrete suggestions that were made by Member States included:
You know, I can still do 100 words a minute, if you'd let me help.
By the summer of 1942, Hitler had launched two new offensives.
"The Economic and Social Council decides to authorize the SubCommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights to appoint one of its members as Special Rapporteur with the task of preparing a comprehensive study of the rights of noncitizens, based on the working paper prepared by Mr. David Weissbrodt as well as the comments made and the discussions that took place at the fiftyfirst session of the SubCommission and may be made or may take place at the fifty-sixth session of the Commission, and of submitting a preliminary report to the Sub-Commission at its fiftythird session, a progress report at its fiftyfourth session, and a final report at its fiftyfifth session.
It was recalled that paragraph 140 of the commentary perhaps adequately addressed that issue, an approach which received support.
D. Deferred post-related recosting for currency and inflation for the biennium 2012-2013
On 7 September 1995, the Eighth Civil Circuit Court of Cali informed the harbour master of the port of Buenaventura that the seizure order had been lifted and ordered the court official to account for his actions and to return the motorboat.
Time is money. chop-chop, sweetie.
Cook shredded turnip with dash of salt in the cooker until turnip turns soft.
The policeman took the burglar by surprise as he opened the window.
Note: Even if you feel that you have good ideas written down, I highly advise you to reread them the next day.
In happy-go-lucky Estonia, which topped the chart, 78 per cent of people look at the future through rose-tinted spectacles.Estonian citizens were the most optimistic, noted the report, which polled 25,000 people across the EU
The classifications showed clear among the genetic types and no correlativity the germplasm sources.
During the same four-year period, the Government of Bolivia eradicated coca cultivation by more than a half, from 48,600 hectares to 21,800 hectares.
17. Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Peace Forces headquarters (D.127).
New Partnership for Africa's Development: Progress in implementation and international support: draft resolution (A/66/L.63) [item 63 (a)]
Many viewers said that the actor was performing " to the mine. "
In addition, the provisions of the Convention on Assistance in the Case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency should be applied in the case of an accident involving a nuclear power source used in space that could cause contamination of the environment.
2.3 Using an integrated intermodal approach to transport planning and infrastructure development
The aggressive Young Yale movement appeared, demanding partial alumni control, a more liberal spirit, and a broader course of
54. Creating a new P-3 post in the cost-of-living/miscellaneous payments group would bring in and enhance much-needed expertise as regards maintenance of the cost-of-living database, its application and methodology and other adjustments required to be applied to the payroll history records.
(a) Political support to the new Transitional Federal Government;
The Committee is thus concerned by the lack of political will to take comprehensive actions to modify or eliminate stereotypes and negative traditional values and practices in Chad.
Horse had the makings of a good fighter, he decided.
A senator from Italy presented a bill that he has introduced in the Italian parliament for relieving the debt of developing countries.
To curb the violence various suggestions had been made to strengthen the National Peace Accord structures.
You slant the pen with an angle of 30 degrees on the paper.
If the act in question was a crime, then the perpetrators, including parents who performed the procedure on their own daughters, must be brought to justice.
2. The report of the Secretary-General on construction of additional conference facilities at Addis Ababa (A/54/431) has been submitted in accordance with General Assembly resolution 39/236of 18 December 1984.
Similarly, during the oral hearings of the Tribunals, unless all participants speak the same language simultaneous interpretation will be needed.
1.15 - 2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 9
To that end, the preliminary report reviewed the consideration of the topic of the immunity of State officials from foreign criminal jurisdiction during the quinquennium 2007-2011 on three levels: (a) the work carried out by the former Special Rapporteur; (b) the debate in the International Law Commission; and (c) the debate in the Sixth Committee.
Why have You broken down its hedges, So that all who pass that way pick its fruit
1984 Pacific typhoon season
Moreover, Jordanian law has lightened students' financial burden by exempting them from school fees for the 2009-2010 school year and the preceding year, and this exemption applies to the children of a Jordanian mother by her non-Jordanian husband.
15. After the abolishment of the Inter-Agency Committee, the Division continued to ensure inter-agency coordination.
Im going to remarry when you die!
They tend to talk with those opposite them. 44.
According to this law, the following persons are entitled to receive compensation from the State:
Premature death is the most fatal consequence of the undervaluing of women.
This single mother was ambitious for her son and made up her mind to make him a big fish out of a common boy.
Albania intends to become a small super-Power of green energy in the region.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
There was shisk-kabob for lunch, huge, savory hunks of spited meat sizzling like the devil over charcoal.
 My delegation commends the Secretary-General's reports, which have outlined a number of extremely important areas requiring our attention.
Indian Council of South America
Draft resolution A/C.3/66/L.60: Inadmissibility of certain practices that contribute to fuelling contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance
The Nairobi Conference was an important initiative.
There was no answer and Madame Defarge quickly opened three of the doors and saw that the rooms were empty. One door was still closed.
Thus, to use economic means to be the general trend in the implementation of environmental policies.
The challenge now is the establishment of more facilities at the local level.
54. The Government of Georgia made every effort to improve the housing, education, health and employment situation for the displaced population.
Report of the Secretary-General on the role and achievements of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in assisting the Government and people of Cambodia in the promotion and protection of human rights (A/C.3/55/L.39)
They are in principle entitled to all benefits for integration into the labour market (training and qualification measures, for instance).
The Conference on Disarmament will today hear addresses by the Honourable Bill Graham, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Canada; His Excellency Mr. Brian Cowen, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ireland; His Excellency Mr. Reaz Rahman, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of Bangladesh; and Her Excellency Ms. Laila Freivalds, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Sweden.
Canada had been contributing to IAEA Major Programmes since the Agency's inception and supported, inter alia, its Milestones in the Development of a National Infrastructure for Nuclear Power.
If you are not satisfied with our service , you have the right to give comments and complain to us or to the Ombudsman .
(a) Contrary to 2009, when terrorism was the prime cause of death and injury from violence for United Nations personnel, in 2010, all deaths, and the majority of injuries, from violence were caused by acts of criminality;
" The final stop will be Egypt, where Mr. Bush will meet with President Hosni Mubarak, as well as the leaders of Afghanistan and the Palestinian Authority.
Might as well play the long game. I'm in.
76. Women made up 70 per cent of the world’s 2 billion poor.
At the Earth Summit in Rio in 1992 the international community had committed itself to achieving a balanced and clear-cut package of sustainable-development objectives, but more than 10 years had passed since then, and not only had many of those objectives not been attained but the gap between the developed and the developing countries had continued to widen.
Tonga needs the understanding and the support of all WTO members as we seek commitments commensurate with the size of our economy and the stage of our development.
The United States had five big, independent investment banks before the credit crisis began a year ago.
One is lost in admiration at the beauty of these sceneries.
"(q) Nuclear disarmament;
The Special Rapporteur reiterated his preference for retaining a reference to that resolution, in a formula that would also refer to the Charter of the United Nations, even if the two were to be placed on different levels.
137. Encourages all United Nations organizations involved in operational activities for development that have not already done so to adopt, as appropriate, monitoring and evaluation policies that are in line with system-wide norms and standards and to make the necessary financial and institutional arrangements for the creation and/or strengthening of independent, credible and useful evaluation functions within each organization;
We must use this opportunity to ensure that trade unions effectively represent working people in the global economy.
A. Drought monitoring
Most of the posts also include an epitaph, a wish list, or a sentence expressing their thoughts about life.
Tchaikovsky's reputation didn't end when his life did.
The laundress looked on in astonishment, but as she had been promised twenty louis, she made no remark.
Reform of the Security Council complements the process of reforming the Organization and must continue to be a priority for the Assembly.
South Sudan is also host to 18,037 Congolese and 1,143 Central African refugees.
Coordination meetings are held with ICRC to organize the training activities mentioned above.
Quint-Fonsegrives
upon receipt of notification to the effect that an income source ceases to be your income source;
The test explored eliminating effect of Melaphis chinensis Baker on R plasmid from P.
8. Expresses its intention to keep the issue of external support to the rebels in Sierra Leone under close review, and to consider further steps to address this in the light of developments on the ground;
Noting the importance of reinforcing close collaboration between the United Nations and the host country on contingency planning, information exchange and risk assessment in the context of good mutual cooperation on issues relating to the security of United Nations and associated personnel,
Working Group on Elements of Crimes New York
We enthusiastically adopted multilateralism.
Her brothers had said, "We shall come and see you today;" but they had not come.
Outcome of the universal periodic review: Saint Lucia dec. 17/104 184
MR. WOOD:  Well, it was my car.
It is worth mentioning that the twenty-eighth session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held in June 2001 (three months before the 11 September events) in Bamako, Mali, reiterated, in particular, the following points:
Oh, come on. What's wrong with a mother cheering for her son? Huh?
(Discussion Paper No. EC/D/3-99)
Tonga is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations and actively participates in Commonwealth Secretariat initiatives.
The Committee may wish to clarify the appropriate reading of such listings and to establish a uniform approach to make its intent explicit.
1984 Fedynskij
LAC. 13.4
(2) Double rice production by 2018 compared to the one in 2008 under the efforts on Coalition for African Rice Development (CARD)
When such a national consensus is reached and a new national unity Government has been established according to it, it must be viewed as a qualitative achievement -- not a step backwards or a limited regression from the path to which we have always been determinedly committed -- even in the face of the bleakest of conditions.
This is online map of the address "Huang Li Zhen Xia Dian Qiao Cun Wei , Wujin District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China" .
Since it was established on 15 December, the call centre has received more than 9,000 calls.
It's not so bad. Well, I'm sure you'll be fine.
FFLA
8. Concerning the alleged violation of article 14 of the Convention, the Committee postpones its consideration until receipt of the information requested from the State party in paragraph 9 below.
Following the Symposium, UNHCR finalized its Guidelines on Unaccompanied Children Seeking Asylum, which were published and issued in February 1997.
Sorry , but I any house. But you can chop off my branches to build your house.
Monday, 11 October 2010, from 10 to 11.30 a.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
It depends on their monetization model and what they plan to do with the acquisition in the future.
CZ Scorpion Evo 3
Spit randomly is neither enegant nor sanitary
Though working outside, he is always concerned about his aging mother at home.
Official title/position
The Subcommittee noted that the delegations of Bulgaria, Greece, Poland, Romania and Turkey, after consultations among themselves, had agreed that, instead of establishing a centralized institution such as a centre, it would be more appropriate to establish an educational system consisting of a network of space science and technology education institutions, and that the activities of each member of the network would be in harmony with relevant existing institutions in Europe and open to international cooperation, to be determined after appropriate consultations.
Stressing that the impact of discrimination and violence against women on women's ability to gain access to and secure land, property and housing is particularly acute for women who are internally displaced as a result of armed conflict situations and development projects,
Ecuador Byron Morejón-Almeida, Rosa Vásquez de Messmer
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/67/354)
Moreover, they have proved extremely costly, particularly to small States such as ours which can ill afford such expenditures.
This paper introduces the technical improvement of continuous pusher furnace.
New York, 25 May 2000
Not yet receivedo
Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases A Class infectious diseases shall include plague and cholera.
- Association of Burundi Paralytics (APPB);
Mr Blair has repeatedly refused to announce a timetable for his departure for fear of being rendered a lame duck leader.
Since the COE reimbursement rates are already included in the memorandum of understanding, procedures could be simplified by processing claims on the basis of exception reporting, with missions forwarding the exception report directly to the Finance Management and Support Service.
3. That a Party with a critical use exemption level in excess of permitted levels of production and consumption for critical uses is to make up any such differences between those levels by using quantities of methyl bromide from stocks that the Party has recognized to be available;
This proposal, in essence, envisages the establishment of a tripartite committee comprising a Turkish Cypriot, a Greek Cypriot and a United Nations representative to tackle all aspects of the matter in a fair and amicable manner.
They replied all too quickly with a “No, thank you.”
The report on this issue is contained in document UNEP/OzL.Pro.WG.1/25/INF/1.
, the adequacy of the applicant's filtration and disinfection system, examine documents and records, collect seawater samples and conduct laboratories analysis.
The countervailing view, which also obtained strong support, emphasized that the current wording was based on paragraph 1 (a) of article 1 of the United Nations Sales Convention and should be retained.
148. Environmental Protection Authority (EPA): it was established by Proclamation No. 9/1995, with the objective of ensuring that all developmental activities of the country are carried out in a manner that will protect welfare of human beings as well as protect, develop and utilize resources on which they depend for survival in a sustainable manner.
All this ends up providing is the ability to run back to the fountain faster.
The transition to the new structure, replacing the old one which had been in use for 50 years, is an additional challenge to and achievement of the IMIS project.
5. Continuation of the general debate [item 8]
To illustrate the importance that it attaches to the fight against racism, the Government cites several initiatives that it has taken in recent years, including its active participation in the 2001 World Conference against Racism in Durban, its initiation of the idea of "dialogue among civilizations", which was welcomed by the international community, sponsorship of the resolution on human rights and cultural identity, and the hosting of the 2007 ministerial conference of the Non-Aligned Movement on human rights and cultural diversity.
Medical care;
Children belonging to a minority group
From 1 July 2007, new colour cables can be used in fixed electrical installations in Hong Kong. EMSD has launched a
(2) state the time and place where it occurred;
Finally, in view of the general partnership between Afghanistan and the international community - as reaffirmed at the Berlin conference -- we would like to briefly highlight the potential of regional cooperation for boosting the stability and development of Afghanistan.
It expressed concerns about the conformity of migration legislation with international standards on nationality and encouraged the Government to abstain from applying the General Migration Act retroactively and to enable those with Dominican nationality from birth to maintain it.
Information desks ∙ General Assembly building
For the cheerleaders , the key notion was that individuals (who used to be called employees) needed to take charge of their own careers.
(d) The same rights and responsibilities as parents, irrespective of their marital status, in matters relating to their children; in all cases the interests of the children shall be paramount.
Have the decency to apologize for what you did!
This is what I saw and heard in Tibet, and it's very inspiring.
Taking note with appreciation of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Assistance and the views of the Advisory Committee on the Programme of Assistance, which are contained in the report,
He and George stopped by the archway while the fly drew up at the door, and the surprised servants came out to welcome their master and mistress
Good written and spoken Chinese and English language skills are preferred.
A resolution of the crisis, through dialogue and consensus, is a necessary precondition for the extension of Lebanese Government control over all Lebanese territory and the exertion of the Government's monopoly on the legitimate use of the force.
These include knowledge exchange and documentation of good practices; capacity development; technical cooperation and programme and project design on climate change; achievement of the Millennium Development Goals; poverty reduction; HIV/AIDS; food security; gender; trade; and democratic governance.
2. The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Some delegations expressed the view that although they welcomed the introduction of document L.207/Rev.1, they could not agree that the consideration of the geostationary orbit, in the Legal Subcommittee, could either be concluded or suspended, since there was no link between the continuous consideration of the agenda topic and the proposed draft resolution.
We are operating in a framework of increasingly fluid dialogue with our brotherly countries, with which we share those power stations, so that the benefits can repair the social debts deserving our attention and become true factors for economic growth.
This is current fund, " Prisoner's Dilemma. "
Money is everything to him..
a. the amount of emissions from each Party of each controlled substance in Annex F in excess of those emissions resulting from the production and consumption of controlled substances in Annex F permitted under this Article;
Across the Atlantic, StreetCar, which operates in London, Brighton and Southampton, has 6,000 members and is adding 750 each month, according to Andrew Valentine, co-founder.
A similar survey is currently under way in the three northern governorates, covering 16,000 households in 24 districts and 34 sub-districts selected randomly.
5. During the reporting period, the identification operations continued at Laayoune in the Territory and at Tan Tan and Goulimine in southern Morocco.
This was the basic thrust of the General Assembly resolution 46/36 L of 9 December 1991.
So what can we do?First, we can refuse to buy the products of companies that profit from animal cruelty.
I'll thumb a ride to the movies and meet you there.
It provides for sickness and maternity benefits, as well as pensions.
At the same time, poverty in rural areas continued to grow in 2009, with a poverty rate of 36.3%.
"4. To underline the central and impartial role that the United Nations continues to play in promoting peace and stability in Afghanistan by leading the civilian efforts of the international community and to express strong support for the ongoing efforts of the SecretaryGeneral, including regarding staff security, and of his new Special Representative for Afghanistan, to reiterate the priorities set out by the Council in its resolution 1917 (2010) and to display solidarity with the women and men of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan.
  Among many new textbooks the "Learning.English", which is edited by Hebei Education Publishing House and DC Canada International Corp, is a good example.
The Joint Planning Unit will continue to support implementation of the coordination mechanisms between the two organizations in areas of common mandates highlighted at the AMISOM-United Nations high-level retreat in February 2014.
Therefore, the indispensability of the rule of law needs to be recognized by both weaker and stronger States.
Community-based national contingency plans and regulatory frameworks in emergencies and recovery
Annual report of the Administrator
It is a matter of utmost priority for the membership of the United Nations that the General Assembly strengthen its deliberative, legislative and decision-making functions.
In that regard, he pointed out that Anguilla was in the process of conducting a constitutional and electoral reform review.
Directed multilateral contribution
Boiling point [°C]
In fact, while Clark’s paltry fine presumably at least comes out of his own pocket, the penalty levied on JPM is to be paid largely by its shareholders.
Although the overall number of single men is still higher than that of unmarried women, in some areas single women now outnumber their male counterparts.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Kafr Killa.
Bjorn Merkell
I hoped it would be one of the guys, telling me that they would take me back.
In 2002, the headhunter set his sights on Blake Carruthers for a sales position at Jade.
from 300- to 100-series contracts Number of staff not reappointed
A. International sources
Cesny-Bois-Halbout
108. The Gambian Constitution guarantees "every person" the right to liberty and security of person.
1. By its resolution 58/259 of 23 December 2003, the General Assembly decided to appropriate the amount of $59,038,300 for the maintenance of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004, in addition to the amount of $582 million already appropriated and apportioned for the same period under the terms of resolution 57/335 of 18 June 2003.
Operation and maintenance was carried out for a total of 326 items of United Nations-owned equipment, comprising of 74 passenger vehicles, 49 armoured vehicles, 21 items of material handling equipment, 10 items of ground support equipment, 23 items of engineering equipment, 51 special purpose vehicles, 92 vehicle attachments and 6 items of workshop equipment, as well as approximately 500 AMISOM vehicles through 5 workshops in 3 locations
restore the computer system that manages MEW's stock; and
Poison ivy secrets an oily poison which triggers Immunoglobulin E response human's immune system very strongly.
The objective of the subgroup was to increase the funds available for pilot projects on the collection and management of used and end-of-life computing equipment and to ensure the long-term financial sustainability of such projects.
It is important to note in this respect that determining the relevant "stakeholders" (or at least determining what weights one assigns to their relevant interests) is to some extent determined by the stated goals of the legislation - if the competition legislation gives precedence to consumer interests then this group may be the primary stakeholder.
It made recommendations.
Article 101 (1) provides that “judges are independent in the performance of their duties and have full judicial competence with respect to their functions; and they shall not be influenced in their judgments”.
Chinese Employment Visa (Work Visa)
Which part of the relationship between the rights of this analysis is that the innovations.
State at the end on which party's behalf the affidavit is filed.
Chad
Fear was the hostage's constant companion.
He is known to have talked to at least one US investment bank about a deal.
References
Priority 3
This gap between the wages of men and women workers is caused by such miscellaneous factors as length of service, academic background, field of employment, rank at work, working hours and others.
The lure of core inflation as a barometer is that headline inflation rates tend to be volatile.
Such policies, in turn, have close links with trade policy, as labour demand can be created in export sectors or import-competing sectors.
`If only there weren't so many other people in the world,' he said lugubriously.
3. Invalid reservations
Legend ABiH: Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Building contemporary agriculture is the inevitable alternative that agriculture of our country mid area develops.
- Lowest relevant reproductive NOEL: 0.1 mg/kg bw/day (rats)
10. The Central Organ is conscious of the security and humanitarian implications of events in Rwanda for the subregion.
Anti-Slavery International's membership and work with other NGOs / coalitions
The commitment authority of $13 million for the period from 1 July to 31 December 2005 has remained unused.
While Tunisia still faces serious economic and security problems, the national dialogue that the country has undertaken is the crucial first step toward resolving them.
Abstracts Nos. 17 to 19 under the Case Law on UNCITRAL Texts (CLOUT) system were published8 to disseminate information on court decisions and arbitral awards relating to Conventions and Model Laws emanating from the work of the Commission.
Where the contribution is for specific purposes consistent with the policies, aims and activities of UN-Women, the contributions received shall be credited to the other resources account of UN-Women and shall be treated under the provisions of article 5 or 6 below, as appropriate.
Development of strategies and procedures for follow-up and evaluation of the measures laid down in the National Anti-Corruption Plan.
Some women aren't marrying at all. Another category of adoptive parents are older couples whose only child has died.
3. The vision of the plan is to help create by 2013 the necessary conditions for concerted international and national efforts to realize more sustainable urbanization, including efforts to arrest the growth of slums and to set the stage for the subsequent reduction in and reversal of the number of slum-dwellers worldwide.
An Interesting Answer Teacher: Which is farther away---Australia or the moon?
Both the possession and the laundering of property or proceeds of crime are criminal offences in accordance with the Criminal Code.
(ii) A staff member who has served with another public international organization immediately preceding his or her appointment shall have the place of home leave determined as though his or her entire previous service with the other international organization had been with the United Nations;
Technological developments and the needs of those audiences will help shape the form of the output of the Department.
COMMITTEE (FOURTH COMMITTEE)
Groups of young boys known as Wren boys would hunt a wren and then tie the dead bird to the top of a pole decorated with holly sprigs11) and ribbons
52. In Bolivia, a bilateral programme to support the implementation of Convention No. 169 operates with a total budget of $32 million provided by the Danish Government from 2004 to 2008.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 7 of its report (A/69/637) (resolution 69/113).
1 March 1994
We need to start playing hard
However what we're not taught is that our governments (namely the British and American) have actually at times masterminded the overthrow of democratic governments in order to pursue their own nefarious ambitions.
21. Decides that the decrease of 614,800 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2012 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 14,454,300 dollars referred to in paragraphs 19 and 20 above;
And I'll never hang decorative towels in the bathroom-- all towels in the bathroom are for drying purposes.
133. The Security Council may wish to instruct that those who abuse women and girls and violate their human rights in conflict and post-conflict situations, including those who commission them, should be brought to justice in accordance with national laws, international law and international humanitarian law.
I see is a claim to fame , I eat more.
The sunlight plays on water.
The good news was that a number of donor Governments had committed themselves to seeking increased levels of core and non-core resources in 2001.
This latter, added to the usual economic and social evaluations, could determine the rates for financial loans.
United Nations Secretariat management of the United Nations assistance to the Khmer Rouge trials technical cooperation project
Thank you for your invitation to visit nex week.
Other matters: UNAIDS
A level-I+ medical facility with limited surgical capability was operational in Dili
9. On 19 September, a KFOR checkpoint north of Djakovica (MNB West)) was attacked by automatic weapons fire.
H. Appointment of a member to the Working Group on Communications 1516 13
In hub 1, infrastructure is complete, and 6 priority services are being offered.
UNDP is the lead agency on the training of justice and corrections officials and will assume MONUSCO activities, including quality control, the organization and delivery of training, and reporting
Overall, the domestic criminalization provisions comply with the UNCAC requirements.
No case with central excitatory phenomena was found in each group.
Oh, tell him Ill leave them at his office tomorrow afternoon.
Cooperative approaches to arms control will often start with confidence-building measures & CBMs.
The need for national dialogue and reconciliation
If a person is well in the body and above all from the psycho-emotional point of view, he/she manages better the family, the job atmosphere, the society.
Situation in occupied Palestine
A. Operations
As the ideal mathematical model for non-Gaussian impulsive noise, a -stable distribution has been the focus of intensive research in signal processing fields.
Emphasizing that a comprehensive and coordinated return of refugees and displaced persons throughout the region continues to be crucial to lasting peace,
Hou much money are you going to draw from the bank?
Uganda
34. As a way forward, it was agreed that there is a need to provide adequate support to countries to enable them to strengthen their climate change secretariats.
12. Ms. Raj (International Women's Rights Action Watch Asia Pacific) said that the general recommendation must emphasize that the Convention placed obligations on States parties that were binding and that did not recognize internal law as an excuse for non-compliance.
 Since then the Andean Group has been endeavouring to implement the objectives and activities of this new programme.
One resident, Qasim Ali al-Madhbuh, was wounded in the shelling.
Question of enforced or involuntary disappearances
Item 6: Provisional agenda for the forty-fourth session of the Working Party
Administrative measures
Minister of the Environment
Obama would add $6.5 trillion to the United States’ national debt, more than all previous presidents, from George Washington to George W. Bush, combined.
In this regard, the Committee is concerned about the impunity in the cases of attacks against witnesses and victims, as illustrated in the case of Gerald Perera and those allegedly involved in his murder following his allegation of torture against several police officers.
The Economic Analysis Division will undertake responsibility for increasing the technical capacity of countries in the region and, in particular, the implementation by ESCWA member countries of the 1993 system of national accounts and international comparison programme in order to produce purchasing power parity-comparable statistics that effectively meet regional policy-making and planning requirements of those States and develop customized economic statistics and sustainable development indicators.
Each phase has its exit point, which should be evaluated according to predefined exit criteria.
Regarding the State party's contention that the communication was inadmissible for failure to exhaust domestic remedies, the Committee recalled its jurisprudence that for purposes of article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol, domestic remedies must be both effective and available.
I guess I-I didn't know I could.
The request also notes that discussions and outcomes associated with the International Meeting to Review the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, held in Mauritius in 2004, could aid the consideration of this agenda item.
UNHabitat and AfDB are also collaborating on water and sanitation projects in Zanzibar and Kenya, with UN-Habitat providing capacity-building to complement AfDB support for infrastructure improvements.
Article 12
Continuous monitoring and measurement of ICT developments will help to identify progress and gaps and will guide policies to ensure equal access to, use and impact of ICTs.
(c) Performance of functions, prior to taking office, during which he or she could be expected to have formed an opinion on the case in question, on the parties or on their legal representatives that, objectively, could adversely affect the required impartiality of the person concerned;
Multiple discrimination
The study result indicates that the deformation properties of core clay from the triaxial tests are well agreed with those from the field loading tests.
17. The Committee recommends that a study be made on the terms of service of the Secretary-General, including pension arrangements.
One winter morning he looked out of his window as he was dressing.
Letter dated 16 November 2005 from the President of the General Assembly addressed to the Permanent Representative of Jamaica to the United Nations
Reducing subsidies to students in higher education is a risky move because it directly affects the future and development of a country.
Most, like The Independent article phrased the story in the form of a question.
In addition, the Council is to nominate one member from Western European and other States for a term beginning on the date of election and expiring on 31 December 1999.
Give your hopes everything you've got and you will catch the star that holds your destiny
So you learned everyting about me I'm not a boy anymore.
Ireland
That's why they call it a general store, kid.
6. Ms. Bangura (Sierra Leone) said that the present consultation was the culmination of many efforts to mobilize resources for expeditious implementation of the Sierra Leone Compact.
The Federation has worked tirelessly to promote gender equality and human rights through workshops and conferences.
New posts for the Office of the Ombudsman in Geneva, Nairobi and Vienna
Vice President (Research and Development) and Chair Professor of Leadership and Change
NETHERLANDS
Even where pension coverage exists, rarely are these pensions indexed to inflation, coverage is low, and the level of the pension is woefully inadequate to cover even immediate needs of the retirees, particularly those who live alone and older women.
C. Update on the progress of appeals
Sad for us to be any stronger, so we moved more forces
6. Experts from all over the world continued to study and discuss the Treaty verification regime.
There are at present approximately 250 Palestinians in administrative detention, including 7 minors whose administrative detention has been extended recently, in contravention of articles 37 and 40 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
(4) to adhere to the management system of the school or any other institution of education they attend.
In the area of nuclear security, Colombia is a State party to the following international instruments established by IAEA:
All I need is a can-do-person, Ted! I hate your negativity!
This portion of the Mozambique border (2.9 million square metres) is included in the 103 new tasks equalling 5.6 million square meters of suspected hazardous areas.
I wish I were you, sighed the ass. You have nothing to do, and wear such a beautiful harness
(d) Continuation of a programme on the strengthening of the administration of justice information system at the documentation centre of the Latin American Institute to promote the dissemination and the exchange of information among the national, subregional, regional and international institutions of the justice sector and for the development and implementation of the research and technical assistance projects of the Latin American Institute (priority theme C);
14. Calls upon multilateral financial institutions, in providing policy advice and financial support to member countries, to work on the basis of nationally owned reform and development strategies, to pay due regard to the special needs and implementing capacities of developing countries and countries with economies in transition and to minimize the negative impacts of the adjustment programmes on the vulnerable segments of society, while taking into account the importance of gender-sensitive employment and poverty eradication policies and strategies;
- Workshop on the formulation and adoption of the 2007 operational plan for decentralized regional offices in the north-central Andean area, Huancayo, Junín, 13 and 14 December 2006;
At present, 60 per cent of the city's population is in dire need of accommodation.
So the mould pressing a green doors becoming popular new home decoration.
United Nations/United States of America Training Course on Satellite-Aided Search and Rescue
It will produce the Creative economy report in collaboration with UNCTAD, UNESCO and WIPO in 2007.
5. Environment
In order not to take extra money from the customer, each package is carefully measured and weighed.
Report of the Secretary-General
The two sets of rules addressed separate matters; the rules of State immunity, being procedural in character and confined to determining whether or not the courts of one State may exercise jurisdiction in respect of another State, had no bearing on the question of the substantive rules, which might possess jus cogens status, or on the question of whether or not the conduct in respect of which the proceedings were brought was lawful or unlawful.
7. With regard to the humanitarian aspects of the problem, Finland recognizes the importance and urgency of mine clearance in countries that have been affected by armed conflicts.
By means of these circulars, to which the lists were annexed, the Central Bank requested the banks and the other financial institutions to provide it with information on anyone included in the lists.
Think back over past weeks, months, even years - which events/activities stand out as being joyous or exciting for you?
I was planning to take a good rest since everything settled down and the huge soft bed was right in front of me. But my energy all came back as soon as I lay on the bed.
We are doing a special promotion of our paperback list.
He didn't hear you.
[Original: English]
Plum Yan Hong tells sina , special value electronic commerce industry, especially B 2 C domain.
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 21.
IDB.22/Dec.3 FINANCIAL SITUATION OF UNIDO, INCLUDING ARREARS
Application for Registration of Child Care Centre
Austria was therefore in favour of adopting the draft articles as part of a General Assembly resolution.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on working towards the elimination of crimes against women committed in the name of honour (A/57/169);
LESSON 10 DO YOU KNOW HOW MY NAME IS SPELLED?
These officials are very faithful to the emperor.
Staff from our Centre took a group photo together after the event.
3. That information is included in the annex to the present report, using the same numbering for the statistical tables and the same conventional standards and definitions as adopted in previous years.
20. Further demands that all parties involved provide humanitarian personnel with full, safe and unhindered access to civilians in need of assistance and all necessary facilities for their operations, in accordance with international law, including applicable international humanitarian law, and United Nations guiding principles of humanitarian assistance;
32. An important mechanism to promote the development of public administration institutions that operate in an open, transparent and efficient way, including in the area of public services, is for countries to share best practices, knowledge and information on successful experiences in public administration reform, including experience in the area of public service delivery.
Hong Kong Art Biennial 2003
The reception desk is straight ahead. After you, please.
This education is compulsory and free.
b. 鈥?Will the car pass the test?
659. We are pleased to inform you that we have shipped 2,000 air conditioners you ordered on board S.S.  which sails for your port tomorrow.
 Fully sharing the deep concern expressed by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/148 about the magnitude of the rising trend in all manifestations of the drug problem despite the efforts of the international community,
For the details, refer to the recommendations of the national assessment report to the legislature.
There are some specific setup details that pertain to this scenario to set up the transaction manager to enable XA support.
Ecological mud fund per square meter ecological mud have a dollar money into the fund specially for the poor children in aid.
The nursery must meet the conditions and environment defined by a minister's decree).
He consequently withdrew the army.
The Group did not receive responses from Angola, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, Liberia, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Russian Federation, Afren PLC, the African Development Bank, Edison S.p.A, Foxtrot International Ldc, the International Cocoa Organization, the International Monetary Fund, Lukoil, the Société ivoirienne de banque, Touton S.A., Vanco Energy and Versus Bank.
Commission on Sustainable Development acting as the preparatory committee for the World Summit on Sustainable Development, ministerial level, fourth session [General Assembly resolution 55/199]
Netherlands
(a) Smallholder farmers need to be at the centre of policy so that agricultural research, development and extension services meet their real needs;
But there was a brisk and restless vitality about the young Irishman, fresh from a country where winds blew wet and chill, where misty swamps held no fevers, that set him apart from these indolent gentlefolk of semi-tropical weather and malarial marshes
Yes I read it, several times.
We wish you every success in your personal life and your work.
The joint mission of the Commission on Human Rights will therefore not be able to take that report into consideration when it submits its own report orally at the fifty—fourth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
The force should be able to be mobilized and deployed in a matter of days into identified theatres as soon as a decision on deployment has been taken by the competent United Nations organ.
Short term toxicity Oral, 13 weeks dog study, NOAEL 0.55 mg paraquat ion/kg bw/d
Progress towards the comprehensive settlement of the question of Western Sahara
 Other delegations had misgivings concerning the overstretching of the capacity of UNHCR and the political aspects of extending its activities beyond its mandate; they stressed the necessity of conforming to the mandate and to agreements reached between UNHCR and Governments.
Therefore, it requires both investment and actions on the social, economic and environment determinants of health.
(a) New goals to be achieved and main assignments to be carried out by staff were not always clearly identified and negotiated at the beginning of the reporting period.
I just think it doesn't look polished.
Expenditure
I'm John Smith the telephone engineer and I'm repairing your telephone line.
This deliberate blindness outweighs whatever good I may have done or tried to do in the last period of the war.
16. Against this backdrop, the challenges addressed by monetary and exchange-rate policy during the first two quarters of 2013 were further compounded at the end of the year.
:: Developing countries need to ensure that official development assistance translates into higher public investment, preferably where there are shortages or bottlenecks to production, or where existing levels of provision are socially inadequate.
7. Invites the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to consider ways of providing assistance to Member States that request it, in their efforts to establish appropriate mechanisms to collect and analyse data and to seek voluntary resources for this purpose;
These indicators would be the basis for future CRIC assessments of implementation in meeting the operational objectives, covering all stakeholders in the Convention process.
Ninth Congress, Cairo, Egypt (1995).
In 2009, and as mentioned a failing prison (Feydhoofinolhu) was closed and reopened as a "Correctional Training Centre for Children" for at-risk young people.
These developments, and new trends such as biofuels production and the growing variety of specialty products and end uses, have opened up new challenges and opportunities for developing countries, especially those with high commodity dependence.
5. The gender issue
Unbeknownst to the attackers, however, the grand expanse of Neriak Proper was entirely spared.
UNAIDS, UNCTAD, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, ITC, FAO, IAEA, ICAO, ILO, IMO, ITU, UNESCO, UNIDO, UPU, UNWTO, WIPO, WMO, ECA, ECE, ECLAC, ESCAP, ESCWA
c Funded under general temporary assistance.
VIII.136 As regards the additional $289,400 proposed for executive direction and management, in paragraph 30.8 (a) of his report (A/66/6 (Sect. 30)), the Secretary-General states that the additional resources are due to increased requirements under contractual services to cover professional services for the implementation of change management and to support increasing awareness and adoption of the ICT strategy.
FAO further promoted regional cooperation on sustainable aquaculture, with an emphasis on countries with the least developed aquaculture and small island developing States.
(xiii) States are encouraged to share information about systems of brokering control and on how to maintain and operate such systems to enhance bilateral and multilateral understanding in order to prevent, combat and eradicate illicit brokering in small arms and light weapons;
ITLOS Yearbook 2003, TIDM Annuaire 2003;
President of the Security Council
EVery abundancebody waits ( hopes ) to get cash so those he can maintain his livelihood.
Even if we remained on our current trajectory, keeping temperatures from rising more than 2º Celsius above pre-industrial levels – the threshold beyond which the most disruptive consequences of climate change would be triggered – would be next to impossible to achieve.
The conservatives watched these developments with disbelief, then with dismay and finally with uncontrollable fury.
You should forgive this world and yourself.
" "How could I have forgotten it?
Women receiving maternity grants
In 2007-2008, a self-assessment of the employment dimensions of FAO's work was undertaken, using the United Nations system-wide Toolkit for Mainstreaming Employment and Decent Work.
When Jack looked up, he found his uncle gone . So he asked the passer, "Which month did he go away
Itajuípe
(c) Such duties as the Commissioner may assign to it from time to time.
I did experience a winter with snow in Kunming, the Spring City.
Note by the Secretariat
In resolution 1874 (2009), the Council requested the Secretary-General to create for an initial period of one year a group of up to seven experts to assist the Committee in carrying out its tasks.
They live on moana street.
For instance, in August 2006 DPI covered the XVI International AIDS Conference in Toronto.
' he asked, looking at the hut, not at her.
Appendix A to the staff rules
Hungary
We should be good use of time our lesson well, 2.The little boy was caught in the shop
 The ongoing efforts of UNDCP to include drug control elements in national development strategies as well as in international economic and social cooperation programmes were encouraged.
Of that amount, 90 per cent was to be paid on 10 June 1990 and 10 per cent on 15 July 1990.
Welcoming the official presentation by the Quartet of the performance-based road map to a permanent two-State solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,
DirectorGeneral of Criminal Investigations for 10 years.
Did you experience an earthquake?
To my knowledge there appears to have been very little meaningful research on the subject.
The maintenance of international peace and security and the peaceful coexistence of States require that all Member States adhere to the rule of law, including the principles enshrined in the United Nations Charter.
11. While guiding principles to underpin the economic negotiations were agreed as part of the draft framework agreement in December 2010, the parties acknowledged that the negotiations over substantive issues require pressing action.
See decision 2012/210.
D'Urberville was not the first wicked man who had turned away from his wickedness to save his soul alive, and why should she deem it unnatural to him?
Information on any other adverse effects to the environment should be included where available, such as environmental fate (exposure), ozone depletion potential, photochemical ozone creation potential, endocrine disrupting potential and/or global warming potential.
Report of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation on its thirty-eighth session, held in Bonn from 3 to 14 June 2013
hear that you have puton the market and should be glad to have full details
Given this poverty threshold, with respect to regional performance, strong economic growth during the 1990s in East Asia was a major factor in the region's decrease in poverty levels; over this period, annual GDP growth there averaged 6.4 per cent, and poverty was reduced by over 40 per cent.
The Philippines supports taking a closer look at the utility of reporting triennially on efforts to reduce the amount of work that may not have any useful outcome.
D. Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights in Cambodia
"The Security Council notes with concern challenges to the capacity of some Member States in implementing the Council's counter-terrorism and related resolutions and, in this regard, welcomes the counter-terrorism-related capacity-building assistance provided by the United Nations entities, subsidiary bodies and through bilateral assistance to Member States, and encourages further cooperation and reinforcing of assistance programs to help States prevent terrorist threats, including preventing terrorist groups from exploiting Member States' vulnerabilities.
The lecture replied the head proctor, Nanjing Normal University professor the local chronicle armed forces said.
21. The CEB ICT Network is currently trying to develop a common assessment approach of the total cost of ownership of ICT activities, a project that started in early 2011 and is expected to be finished by early 2013.
UNOPS continued to strengthen its partnership with the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, acting as principal recipient in Cambodia and Myanmar.
His childhood experience exerted a great and lasting influence on him.
Furthermore, there is a growing appreciation of other contributory factors to migratory and refugee movements, namely, developmental and environmental considerations, and a greater sensitivity to the demographic make-up of refugee populations.
Finland
17. Emphasizes the importance of preserving the unity of command in missions at all levels, as well as a coherence in policy and strategy and clear command structures in the field and up to and including headquarters;
Do you two plan to have a baby sometime soon
In the house thePrincess slept and the King slept and all his men and the Queen and herwomen slept.
27. There is no competition assessment or competition law-based guidelines that would be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission when considering a merger prior to approval.
In the Chinese cultures, red is the color of happiness
With regard to the question of prisoners of war and missing Kuwaiti nationals, we hope that that humanitarian issue will be resolved and end the suffering that those prisoners' families have been undergoing for some 20 years.
Pterois brevipectoralis
“There you have him all over!” he said to Princess Marya as she came up to him.
:: Establishment and maintenance of the Joint Geographic Information System Intranet to provide spatial information to online users
Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow
The unemployment rate was 24.9 per cent among immigrant women (all women 8.8 per cent) and 20.8 per cent among immigrant men (all men 11.9 per cent).
However, this does not allow for any deviations in the straight-line segments.
For the 2003/04 period, the estimate for miscellaneous services has been included under official travel.
moderate sized very symmetrical red-flowered evergreen widely cultivated in the tropics for its flower buds which are source of cloves.
The Japan Fair Trade Commission (JFTC) has been holding several training courses on competition policy.
I could only tell him the truth
The Tribunal has also commenced the process of transferring records and archives to the Residual Mechanism, and the smooth transition of prosecutorial tasks remains on track.
Drastic changes in Eastern Europe and the disintegration of the Soviet Union the world by the tremendous impact of the socialist camp.
Finally, let me now refer to A/C.1/63/L.26, entitled "Effects of the use of armaments and ammunitions containing depleted uranium".
i) Action by LDCs Strengthen initiatives to address gender-related gap, low rates of primary school completion and transition to secondary school;
It will also facilitate the exchange of urgently requested operational information with other Governments. It will enable the maintenance of accurate records of nonEEA nationals resident in the State and the development of a more effective "watch list" system.
Bowler's end! Move yourself, you lout!
Audit of the functioning of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts (A/58/294) (under items 119 and 130)
The group was composed of 9 mutineers and 19 Polynesians.
Internal conflicts did not directly affect the treaty relationships between States parties to a treaty, and should be dealt with in the framework of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties.
Similarly, when States parties provide different forms of secondary education, including vocational education, they should also make them accessible to children of migrant workers.
Mr. Al-Yafei (United Arab Emirates) (spoke in Arabic): I thank you, Mr. President, for giving me the floor to comment on the remarks by the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Through funding from OAS/CIM it conducted four workshops on Small Business Management in Regions 2, 9 and 10. It is in the process of compiling a training manual and video on Small Business Management.
I advise his starting at once.
The officials also commented that the Government did not want a situation in which Malaysian companies complied with international due diligence guidance while companies in other countries did not, resulting in increased profits for companies in other countries but an unfair loss of market share for Malaysian companies.
That man is waiting for you.?
The regional economic communities should consider promoting migrant integration, reintegration and intraregional labour circulation as part of their regional economic integration and cooperation agendas.
15:00 to 18:00 8th meeting [webcast] Conference Room 1 (NLB)
The Mission believes that it would be a great honour for him to continue dispensing his wealth of knowledge in the honourable international position as Judge of the ICC.
On account of Sri Ramakrishna's indifferent health Mathur appointed this man to the office of priest in the Kali temple.
United States dollars
126. Resident coordinator questionnaire respondents described United Nations work for planning recovery, landmines clearance, resettlement and reintegration of populations, preparations for elections, strengthening of judiciary and police, revamping of administrative structures, conducting workshops on reconciliation, mobilizing inter-agency area-based development programmes etc.
At the national level, there was a need for Governments to take steps to avoid the risks resulting from the speculative nature of the financial market.
Projects in the forestry sector seek to improve forest management, create protected areas and increase afforestation.
Recalling article 23 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights on the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment, and reaffirming the international commitments and obligations of States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the relevant internationally agreed labour standards of the International Labour Organization, and all human rights, including the right to development,
The Rapid Social Development in TibetModernization has been the fundamental question in the social development of Tibet in modern times.
Should consensus not be reached by members, the range of views of members and observers shall be reflected in the report to be submitted to the Conference of the Parties.
In general, states work better when ruling elites are bound by limits on their power.
Background: The SBSTA, at its twenty-sixth session, considered a draft decision on reducing emissions from deforestation in developing countries, but was unable to complete the work.
(a) Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries
Noting the importance of the positive measures being pursued in New Caledonia by the French authorities, in cooperation with all sectors of the population, to promote political, economic and social development in the Territory, including measures in the area of environmental protection and action with respect to drug abuse and trafficking, in order to provide a framework for its peaceful progress to self-determination,
A/C.2/59/SR.2-6, 32, 33, 36, 37, 39 and 40
The boy always feels sick when he travels by car.
For the existing text substitute
Stephen Roach, Asia chairman for Morgan Stanley, the former investment bank, also sees China growing at about 8 per cent, although he reckons that a slower growth rate may be no bad thing.
106. With the debate and adoption of the presidential statement on this issue, the Security Council has recognized that the situation of children affected by armed conflict is a matter of grave and continuing concern for the Council.
Chile
In the forest, there is a fast rabbit.
41. Between 2006 and 2009, a number of allegations were transmitted by special procedures regarding cases of journalists, lawyers, human rights defenders, and members of political organizations, who had allegedly been sometimes detained, beaten, and/or charged with administrative and criminal offences and, in a number of cases, sentenced to fines and various terms of imprisonment.
May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to include this item in the provisional agenda of its sixty-fourth session?
She raised her head with an effort
Philippines
294. The Department of Field Support commented that a human resources action plan was being developed to address the high vacancy rates at the missions.
Furthermore, of the 91 additional posts that had been approved for peacekeeping, only 58 were occupied as at 27 March 2002.
"The Conference on Disarmament opens its current session with renewed hopes of overcoming the impasse that has impeded its work for so long.
15. Achieve universal adherence to and implementation of the Mine Ban Treaty and the Convention on Cluster Munitions.
As at February 2007, the programming cycles of those entities have been harmonized in over 110 countries and, to the largest possible extent, synchronized with national programming cycles, including poverty reduction strategies.
Who should I ask about car rentals? rent-a-car car rental
Multithreads can not only implement fine - grain parallelism effectively but also be helpful to hide communication latency with reasonable scheduling strategies.
Paragraph 44, second sentence
(c) To follow up the implementation of the agreements reached at the Conference and the tasks entrusted to it by the Conference, particularly the biennial programme of activities referred to in section I, paragraph 2 (c), above;
Informals Informals (continued)
The Chinese Constitution states that all citizens who have reached the age of 18 have the right to vote and stand for election, regardless of ethnic status, race, sex, occupation, family background, religious belief, education, property status or length of residence, except for persons deprived of political rights in accordance with the law.
621. According to the Criminal Investigation Department of the Kenya Police, the key individual behind most of the large gold scams in Nairobi is Paul Kobia (see para. 547 above), who was arrested in March 2011 on related charges.
The Advisory Committee on Disputes relating to Equal Treatment of Men and Women in the Civil Service (created in the Civil Service Ministry in 1984).
Biodegradation: Parathion can be rated as readily degradable.
On issues which refer to land claims, appeals can also be made to the Land Tribunal.
Ireland
(c) International migration and development
Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017
7. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to review the situation of women and girls in Afghanistan and to submit to the Commission on the Status of Women at its forty-ninth session a report on progress made in the implementation of the present resolution.
The post-Wall generation seemed to have all the luck – at least for a while.
Transport Section: increase by 10 posts (4 Field Service and 7 national General Service staff posts, offset by the abolition of 1 General Service (Other level) post)
8. Calls upon Member States to consider, as appropriate and where applicable, interreligious and intercultural dialogue as an important tool in efforts aimed at achieving peace and the full realization of the Millennium Development Goals;
Of course, plenty of work for us all lies on the road ahead.
Page
Enough lecture on the white man's oppression.
In order to strengthen skills and ability of the police to prevent and investigate violence in close relationships the police have also produced a national manual and interactive training material that describe ways of working and methods to investigate and prevent crimes in close relationships.
There are multiple vertical upwarding zones in the warm side when the cold front passages in the leeward side.
The Economic and Social Council should closely follow the work of the Peacebuilding Commission and prepare a long-term foundation for the economies concerned rather than waste its energy on duplicating the Commission's efforts.
116. For more than 40 years, the Cuban education system has suffered heavy losses as a result of the economic war against our country.
Heavy cargo multiaxle (note 11)
(c) By virtue of the autonomy of a competition authority, competition advocacy may serve to reduce waste that may arise from the influence of special interest groups over the decisions of government regulating agencies.
Resolution 1890 (2009), eighteenth preambular para.
Any suspension of the operation of a framework agreement resulting from challenge proceedings would extend the framework agreement for the period of suspension, but the overall duration of the framework agreement remains unchanged.
Please don't feed the animals.
7 March 2006
It contains an extensive enumeration of human rights guarantees, largely corresponding to the rights set forth in the international human rights conventions to which Belarus is a party.
permanent departure from Hong Kong; or
Indigenous Peoples around the world, because of their determination to live according to their customs and traditions, have consistently been marginalized and subject to abuse by the surrounding people and governments.
Honduras
III. CONCLUSIONS AND MATTERS BROUGHT TO THE ATTENTION OF THE COMMISSION 101-109 30
Report of the Third Committee*
The report concludes with a number of recommendations for consideration by the Assembly, which would facilitate both international support for road safety and the implementation of effective interventions known to improve road safety at the national level.
11. The meeting was officially opened by Ms. Monemany Nhoybouakong, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Natural Resources and Environment, Lao People's Democratic Republic.
Will have to work very hard to unseat Wayne Bridge.
paladins are now placed into combat when summoning a charger . also , this is now considered a hostile action in neutral cities.
13.b.2. Efforts Made
Likewise also said they all.
Mr. Wyburd will cope with the visitors.
The meeting was called to order at 10.50 a.m.
Affordability is not the only factor that keeps technology out of the hands of the poor.
Disposal notification: --
I am confident, Mr. President, that under your able leadership, the General Assembly will achieve success and make the decisions necessary to fulfil the hopes and expectations of the peoples it represents.
Annex III: The Principles enshrined in the Declaration on the Purposes and Principles and the Role of the Non-Aligned Movement in the Present International Juncture adopted in the 14th NAM Summit in Havana.
[26 November 1996]
12. The Zambia Congress of Trade Unions (ZCTU) had also emphasized the need for affiliate unions to ensure the participation of women in decision-making.
Provisional agenda and annotations.
Status of the transfer of four functions/units and eight posts from the Department of Field Support to the Global Service Centre
The fastest growth was among households in developing regions, such as China and the Gulf States and among families who were already rich.
4. For Class IV vessel exclusively for pleasure purpose and is not let for hire or reward, and is not of the categories specified in para. 1 above is not required approval of plan, survey and issuance of Certificate of Survey or Certificate of Inspection.
A sound mind in a sound body.
 4. Where the incidence of any form of taxation depends upon residence, periods during which such agents, counsel or advocates are present in a State for the discharge of their functions shall not be considered as periods of residence.
32. The Russian Federation emphasized that human rights violations committed by Georgia against the population of Abkhazia and South Ossetia during and before 2008 conflict were yet to be investigated.
Considering recommendations by the [executive board] submitted in accordance with provisions in this annex and taking decisions, as appropriate;
The IDF retain a presence only in the northern part of the village of Ghajar.
Internal (funds required for basic design)
In other research, chondroitin is being investigated for use in several other conditions.
Welcoming the progress achieved on the broad benchmarks laid out in the Secretary-General's report of 12 September 2006, welcoming UNMIL's continuing efforts to promote and protect the rights of women and calling on Liberian authorities to continue to cooperate with the United Nations country team and civil society, in order to achieve further progress in these areas and in particular to combat gender-based violence, sexual exploitation and abuse,
Similarly, the first-ever Turkey-Africa Cooperation Summit held in Istanbul last month provided an important opportunity to explore new avenues of cooperation with the African continent.
To this end, it should tap into the resources and potentials of existing mechanisms, emphasize results and avoid duplication.
By taking those actions, Japan would be able to turn the issue of the military comfort women into an icon for the fight against sexual exploitation.
UNITA's strategic decision to abandon the military path and transform into a unified political party has played an important role in that regard and should be commended.
Modalities for the accounting of assigned amounts under Article 7, paragraph 4
Those short, active artists of the silver screen like their women skinny.
Annex
He and Mr. Williams outline ways to exploit the power of online collaboration
All nuclear-weapon States must redouble their disarmament efforts.
I put them here just now.
Energy prices have dropped for three consecutive months.
It was set up by Act No. 473 of 4 March 1948, which covers industrial disputes that cannot be directly resolved, either by way of a friendly settlement, or by applying the provisions of collective agreements, or on the basis of specific conciliation or arbitration procedures.
32. During the reporting period, the situation in the UNOMIG area of responsibility remained unsettled and tense and there was an escalation of violence in the Gali sector.
The Commission has appointed as Registrar Ms. Bette E. Shifman, Principal Legal Counsel of the Permanent Court of Arbitration.
You're spiIIing on the tabIe. You're a pig.
If western governments had not intervened to guarantee and recapitalise banking systems, it would surely have been worse.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights congratulated the people of Nepal on the election, which is likely to have a positive long-term impact on the human rights of its citizens.
Post-related increases and decreases in expenditures due to inflation, by duty station
However, although women expressed their interest and keenness to learn new skills in Focus Group Discussions, they reportedly feel that many skills training programmes were more apt for men.
We'd like to begin with Chapter One.
The submission that jus cogens is binding on the UN Security Council is in itself logical.
Family health program-PSF
General comment on the right to the truth in relation to enforced disappearance
 10. Recognizes that Governments should implement and enforce legislation to prevent acts of racism and racial discrimination;
A third potential explanation is that intelligence is about good decision-making.
Accordingly, the Committee concluded that the facts revealed a violation of article 21.
2. As noted in previous reports, under the terms of resolutions 1115 (1997) and 1134 (1997), the Executive Chairman is requested to include in his consolidated progress reports an annex evaluating Iraq's compliance with paragraphs 2 and 3 of resolution 1115 (1997).
" I asked. "I know how much you like lobster
In cooperation with the Palestinian Rehabilitation and Reform Centres, OHCHR facilitated a five-day training course for 23 prison officials from the West Bank in May 2003 in Ramallah.
Natural gas is the fastest-growing fuel in many developing countries, especially in dynamic developing economies of Asia and the Pacific region and Latin America.
A solution to this dilemma, adopted in more than one emulator, is to set up an extra layer of interpretation for file system calls.
SAICM makes the essential link between chemical safety, sustainable development, and poverty reduction.
JGX - 2 large - scale tool microscope is a basic precise optical measure instrument with various fittings.
Guinea
(a) Facilitate the learning of Braille, alternative script, orientation and mobility skills, and facilitate peer support and mentoring;
Even more important is the need to determine the underlying drivers of the flows that cause poverty on the one hand and extreme wealth on the other.
"The International Legal Consequences of Torture, Extra-Legal Execution and `Disappearance'", 1989
In 2000, the first peaceful transfer of administrative power from one political party to another took place through the second presidential election.
President George W. Bush’s Middle East policy undeniably managed to achieve one thing: it has thoroughly destabilized the region.
In addition, the Division is responsible for the management of commercial-related activities at Headquarters and the coordination of special events and the mail and pouch operations.
1 D-1 from the discontinued Afghan National Development Support Unit (para. 133)
Accordingly, by becoming a State party to the Treaty, the Cuban authorities have taken the first steps towards launching the relevant negotiations with IAEA on a comprehensive
The documents for the meeting are CRC/SP/5* (rules of procedure), CRC/SP/43, CRC/SP/44 (to be issued) and CRC/SP/44/Add.1 (to be issued).
The grants approved by the Committee were allocated to 21 initiatives worldwide.
73 mm HATGL
In fact, days would be never easy for Grandma since she brought me to her home.
The char partial gasification and combustion is studied on the thermobalance.
 In the coming weeks the last troops will be returning as soon as possible.
Argentina
Your handwriting still leaves much to be desird though you have gotten the first prize in this contest.
Units discharging industrial solid waste must, in accordance with the regulations of the competent administrative department of environmental protection under the State Council, provide information about the quantity, flow direction, storage treatment and other matters concerning industrial solid waste to the competent administrative department of environmental protection of the local people's government at or above the county level in the place where such units are located.
Yet despite the rhetoric, true independence from local authorities has so far been illusory for those trying to establish new schools.
The lift doors opened onto the lobby.
If not treated quickly with antivenom ten to 15 milligrams can be fatal to human beings.
The majority of the second chapter is on the analysis of the relative rules of Chinese Criminal Law and the way of perfection.
'The poor boy is in love with you.
Adama Jammeh
What happened out there?
(h) Sustainable mountain development;
(e) Performing other activities commensurable with the mission of UNPOS;
(a) Identify practical means for mobilizing their diverse strengths and capabilities to support country-level efforts in implementing the proposals for action adopted by IPF, taking into account the need to enhance the active participation of all parties concerned;
US scientists have invented elastic high heels with springs placed at the back.
26. Development of websites in languages spoken by the local audiences in the countries covered by the United Nations information centres, Services and offices is a crucial component of the Department's communications efforts at the field level.
FN Special Police Rifle
:: Inter-agency roster of disaster risk reduction experts established to support UNCTs in the application of the guidance note (fourth quarter 2009)
(b) To seek to strengthen the dialogue and cooperation with multilateral development banks so that they might undertake lending and programming activities related to drug control in interested and affected countries, and to inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on further progress made in this area;
Redeployment of forces
708. Zimbabwe was fully committed to honouring its obligations with regard to the promotion and protection of human rights.
(Paragraph 5)
One explanation for the large numbers who contacted the centre in its early years may be that there was an accumulated need for support for the victims of sexual abuse, since few avenues were open to them before the centre was opened.
The quake triggered powerful tsunamis that wrecked coastal areas of India, Indonesia, Maldives, Sri Lanka and Thailand.
It doesn't really matter whether it appears as cellulite on our thighs or cholesterol in our veins  we just don't want it
(e) Quality assurance was not performed on any of the changes.
5. On 13 July 1999, the Special Representative, in conjunction with the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, addressed a letter to the Minister for Foreign Affairs concerning the alleged attacks by armed forces and members of the vigilante group, Ansarie Hezbollah, against student demonstrators denouncing the closure of the daily newspaper, Salam.
Not accepted.
Use of retirees by function, 2002-2003
2. The General Assembly, by its resolution 44/128 of 15 December 1989, adopted and opened for signature, ratification or accession the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, aimed at the abolition of the death penalty, and called upon all Governments in a position to do so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Second Optional Protocol.
The film makes me laughing all the time.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) analysed issues relating to older refugees, including social disintegration; the erosion of social support systems through economic decline; and the dispersal of families.
14. Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields.
"Men and women have the right to live their lives and raise their children in dignity, free from hunger and from the fear of violence, oppression or injustice" (General Assembly resolution 55/2, United Nations Millennium Declaration, 8 September 2000),
Some of the demolitions led NGOs, which considered the occurrences as violations of the right to housing, to criticize the authorities.
35. The "glass ceiling" persisted in Finland in both the public and private sectors.
(ii) Increasing number of end-users of legal publications, documents and information disseminated
2. Expresses disappointment that universal ratification of the Convention41 was not achieved by 2000, and urges all States that have not yet ratified or acceded to the Convention to do so;
Your father died in a shipwreck 10 years ago and your older brother, Paul, has been lost at sea for three weeks.
4. Creative participatory teaching methods that are relevant to peoples' lives should be used, and human rights should be introduced as a holistic framework.
Terrorism is a vicious assault on human rights and laws enacted to counter terrorism have to be appreciated in the context of national and international situations.
Distr.: General
Campaign chairs are usually too busy for such a task.
18. The status of legal person in public law gives rise to certain rights, in particular the right to levy church taxes through the services of the State and the right to tax advantages and exemptions (notably exemption from corporate tax, land tax and inheritance tax) and exemptions from regulations on costs and tariffs.
By pursuing cooperation, the Indo-Pacific’s democratic powers can shore up an inclusive, rules-based order that underpins peace, prosperity, stability, and freedom of navigation in the region.
By sending that electoral mission to Guatemala, the European Union is showing its willingness not only to monitor the electoral process but also to be present -- as in the past -- at a crucial moment in the country's democratic life.
Air transportation
(d) The Central District Court ruled on 26 July, 2012 that the IPS should consider under certain conditions allowing conjugal visits for couples that are both serving a prison sentence at the same prison.
6.3 With respect to allegations about irregularities in the court proceedings, in particular improper instructions from the judge to the jury on the evaluation of evidence, such as the statement given by Mr. Wilson to the police, the Committee recalls that it is generally for the courts of States parties to the Covenant to evaluate the facts and evidence in a particular case; similarly, it is for the appellate courts and not for the Committee to review specific instructions to the jury by the judge in a trial by jury, unless it can be ascertained that the instructions to the jury were clearly arbitrary or amounted to a denial of justice, or that the judge manifestly violated his obligation of impartiality.
Not implemented
My appointment as New Zealand's first Ambassador for Disarmament is evidence of that commitment and that confidence.
It was for the host countries to decide to what extent they wanted the refugees to become integrated, for example by allowing them to engage in agricultural activities.
A public notice shall contain the following particulars: (1) name and nationality of the ship to be auctioned; (2) causes and basis for auction of the ship; (3) composition of the ship auction committee; (4) time and place for auction of the ship; (5) time and place for display of the ship to be auctioned; (6) procedure to be undergone for participating in the bidding; (7) registered items to be handled for claims; and (8) other particulars as required to be publicized.
1. Act of Parliament of 7 June 1968, relating to the implementation of mandatory decisions of the Security Council of the United Nations, provides the legal basis for implementing Security Council sanctions against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
The Secretariat has also provided advice and assistance to 25 Parties on matters related to the implementation and enforcement of the Convention.
17. Takes note of the annual report of the Internal Audit and Investigations Group for 2010;
In the area of large marine eco-systems, attention will be given to the Humboldt Current and the Gulf of Mexico.
Cultivated, a results, ceaseless innovation got get one's own back eventually.
The index reconfirms the strong correlation between the gender gap and national competitiveness, and sends a clear message to policymakers to incorporate gender equality into their national priorities.
The State party should ensure that all necessary steps are taken to investigate cases of mob violence, particularly collective violence targeting religious minorities and people who are seeking alternative modes of expression and behaviour, in order to prosecute and punish the perpetrators of such acts of violence.
1. Reaffirms its resolution 13 (I) of 13 February 1946, in which it established the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat;
4. Indeed, Burkina Faso regularly enhances economic relations with its friend Cuba through the Intergovernmental Joint Commission for Economic, Scientific and Technical Cooperation established on 21 December 1983.
2. In accordance with paragraph 1 of General Assembly resolution 61/29, the Committee is open to all States Members of the United Nations or members of specialized agencies or of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
17. Marine facilities recommended compensation 60
The cast of lenders has broadened far beyond pawnshops and rich businessmen with cash to spare.
The deadlock problem resulting from parallel resources shared by independent manufacturing processes is discussed and the concept of PRDS (Parallel Resource Deadlock Structures) is outlined.
This was not being done.
Violence in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo threatens the fragile gains made in the peace process.
They salted down most of the meat for their later use.
It is the Department's policy to avoid bias between the sexes in the promotion of sport and, where deemed necessary, to discriminate positively in favour of women's participation.
My country feels that these aspects could also have been better reflected in the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The device, called an Opticon, is similar to what firefighters use to change lights when they respond to emergencies.
Supermarkets and convenience stores display a dazzling range  the more exotic the better.
The majority of the Saharan people fully supported the proposal for autonomy.
To win the bid to host the Olympics six years ago, Chinese authorities pledged to deliver a 'Green Olympics' by spending more than  billion on various measures to improve the city's environment
Far from redistributing global wealth -- the goal that has animated most of the development discourse since the 1960s -- we appear to be faced, instead, with the redistribution of global poverty.
Munich U-Bahn
(a) Maintenance of international peace and security;
2. For 2012, UNCTAD estimated that foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows would rise moderately to around $1.6 trillion.
:: Strengthened national capacity to provide comprehensive maternal and newborn health services with emphasis on the most vulnerable and marginalized communities in compliance with national policies
59. The initial stage of a comprehensive management development programme was launched in 1993 with extrabudgetary resources.
They told me that they think I should I take it I took a little drive on the porcelain highway.
Article 34.Anyone who uses water provided by a water-supply project shall pay a water fee to the supplying unit in accordance with the relevant provisions.
At the same meeting, the Conference, acting upon a recommendation of the SBI (FCCC/SBI/2002/L.8), adopted decision 9/CP.8 entitled "Review of the guidelines for the preparation of national adaptation programmes of action" (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
Video game trade shows
The conclusions of the verification carried out by the Department of Execution of Penalties revealed no irregularities in the acts of the medical personnel.
Moreover, the information unit of the Office is working to make the role and activities of BONUCA more visible and is also maintaining its support for the media of the Central African Republic.
Put a lot of stock in dogs that exude energy, are alert and show fearlessness.
Article 56 Anyone who commits the crime of endangering national security shall be sentenced to deprivation of political rights as a supplementary punishment; anyone who commits the crime of seriously undermining public order by intentional homicide, rape, arson, explosion, poisoning or robbery may be sentenced to deprivation of political rights as a supplementary punishment
Some of the parts may exceed the stiffness or strength of the current part, while others may fall short.
Expected accomplishments
22 March 2010 and 1 July 2010 Supplementary follow-up report received (partial reply).
Biennial programme budget 2014-2015 (revised) of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
While these worries hardly amount to the full frontal attack mounted by the likes of Joseph Stiglitz, the Nobel-prize winning economist, they still constitute a remarkable turnaround in the intellectual climate.
King  Midas  tried to hide his misfortune under an ample turban.
4. Encourages States to share with the Special Rapporteur good practices with regard to the realization of the right to adequate housing in the context of mega-events;
The elaboration of the Agenda for Peace should take into account the principles of sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity and non-interference in the internal affairs of nation-States.
Social workers could not visit their clients in conflict locations, CBO staff were unable to administer programmes and field staff could not reach their offices in Gaza City to administer the regular and emergency programmes.
Niemand's eyes met Graham's and he said , " I like him, " with obvious sincerity.
A dress is like a barbed fence. It protects the premiess without restricting the view.
Steady development in the 50s and 60s The British economy in this period is characterized by slow but steady growth, low unemployment and great material prosperity with rising standards of consumption
(f) A number of items of non-expendable property had no barcode labels and/or serial numbers (BONUCA, UNAMA, Office of the Special Coordinator);
It been a real encouragement to me to see your efforts rewarded.
In 2009, there were 8 notaries and 134 lawyers registered with the Bar, i.e. 0.9 lawyers for every 100,000 inhabitants.
Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories
84. Consistent with the Panel's terms of reference, a replacement may be recommended by parties and the Panel.
Etienne Balibar, “Racism and Anti—racism” , loc. cit.
United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
I would also like to express my appreciation to the coordinators of the two draft resolutions before the Assembly, as well as to their colleagues, for their untiring efforts in forging agreements on the two draft texts.
:: It expressed support for the sovereignty of the United Arab Emirates over the islands of Greater Tunb, Lesser Tunb and Abu Musa, and over their territorial waters, airspace, continental shelf and exclusive economic zone, which formed an inseparable part of the United Arab Emirates;
The United Nations should continue to play a leading role in this area.
The Group provided an opportunity for agencies to discuss their work and to coordinate their contributions to the Permanent Forum and their interventions at the national, regional and international levels.
NPT/CONF.2015/PC.I/WP.23
In this regard, all Israeli settlement activities and its construction of the Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, must be condemned and firmly opposed by the international community.
At present, there was no dialogue with the indigenous peoples, which was a source of frustration, since the project needed to be advanced in 2009.
Why didn't you tell me, dad?
Report on funding commitments to UNFPA
This is an objective reality that nobody can change or deny.
(iii) The technical aspects of CDM activity relevant to environmental issues, including expertise in the setting of baselines and monitoring of emissions and other environmental impacts;
The panellists emphasized that monetary union could have a positive impact on trade integration and other economy-wide effects if a set of preconditions were met.
Many tourists have canceled travel to Thailand or have fled areas caught up in deadly clashes in the past few days.
"Taking into account the various ways and forms in which all countries, in particular the more vulnerable countries, are affected by severe natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, landslides and volcanic eruptions and extreme weather events such as heatwaves, severe droughts, floods and storms, and the El Niño/La Niña events which have global reach,
8. Contact with the outside world
Wherever you go, please do keep in touch with me.
A recently carried out national poll (2007) shows that almost 80% of Poles are in favour of sexual education in schools.
At the same session, the Commission established an open-ended Informal Consultation, chaired by the Special Rapporteur, on draft articles 1, 3 and 6.
50. ROCA/OMO continue to ensure that individuals at risk are provided with independent legal representation free of charge through a consolidated referral system with local partners. Trials
(for the period from 15 January 2003 to 23 July 2003)
This absurd situation must change.
The discovery of the water channel or aquaporin ushered in a golden age of biochemical physiological and genetic studies of these proteins.
International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families
When she stopped conforming to the conventional picture of femininity she finally began to enjoy being a woman.
The Committee's conclusion that the pronouncement of death sentences does not fulfil the requirements of justice is, according to the Prosecutor's decision, also incorrect as it is only based on the author's distorted allegations.
In both cases, the seller or creditor will receive a security right in the property to secure the extension of credit.
- Report of the Bureau of the CST
As the completion dates for the Tribunals draw nearer, I would like to focus on three specific issues, all of which are significant for the successful completion of the Tribunals' work: continued efforts by the Tribunals to implement their completion strategies; the cooperation of Member States; and the agreement in the Security Council concerning residual issues.
Such measures may include:
Asian Winter Games Curling
3. International cooperation in the field of informatics
For further information, please contact Ms. Carol Sakubita (tel. 1 (917) 367-5710).
Because exterior adornment layer is engineered very easily and aggrandizement wood floor is designed because this gives aggrandizement wood floor pattern brought rich expressional force.
Algeria, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belize, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Ghana, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Jamaica, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritius, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia.
Mr. Idigov also recalled that President Maskhadov, his government and the parliament of the Chechen Republic were legitimately elected under the international supervision of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
In addition, the Committee recommends that the State party make every effort to develop a culture of knowledge and respect for human rights in all sectors of the population.
The incumbent must be able to demonstrate Objective Analytical Power, and be numerically literate.
It must forge closer and stronger ties with other United Nations development agencies, global and regional financial institutions, multilateral foundations, the private sector and civil society.
62. Several facts stand out.
Buenos Aires, 21 September - 2 October 2009
Mr Joseph Lee, Chairman of Applied Research Council;
We emphasize that Serbia has never asked for simulated symmetry in relation to the Tribunal's indictments and judgments.
The total amount available for programming in 1998-1999 was $174.6 million.
Is the story fact or fiction?
OIOS identified several accounting errors and other adjustments totalling approximately $1.6 million currently being reviewed by Habitat which may result in cancellation of the over-expenditures and partial repayment of these amounts to the aid organization.
Villanueva de Bogas
For example, financial cooperatives working with standard-setting bodies must ensure that they have open and fair access to clearing and settlement systems, deposit insurance and card and mobile money networks.
China successfully hosted the Beijing Olympic Games.
(a) The right of both employees and employers to choose whether or not they wish to belong to an employers' organization or to an employees' organization (such as a union) and, if so, which organization;
2 November 1994 p
We have indicated to the newly appointed Executive Director of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate and to the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) that we are ready and willing to extend any technical assistance, information and advice that are required to prevent the ominous possibility of terrorist groups gaining access to weapons of mass destruction or related materials -- in our case, chemical-warfare agents.
Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Motoc and Mr. Rodríguez Cuadros subsequently joined the sponsors.
They also based their application on their integration into Canadian society.
Pakistan defends anti-Taliban strategy When asked about the criticism on Thursday, Pakistan's prime minister defended the government's strategy, saying officials continue to favor pursuing talks with mediator Sufi Muhammad in dealing with the situation
This situation gives rise to deep concern.
3. Over the years the Organization had assumed a Byzantine complexity as activities, committees and institutional entities had proliferated.
Demanding higher wages, they fear, would give companies an excuse to move operations abroad or adopt labor-replacing technologies.
The number of shares authorized for issuance by a company's charter, including both stock and stock.
Analysing chemical composition and preservative mechanism of optical glass , preservativity of optical glass is initially explored.
Montitxelvo
They shall be distributed in provisional form as soon as possible to all participants in the Conference.
However, alphaHCH induced DNA-fragmentation in human and rat hepatocytes.
The number of Member States paying on time and in full had surpassed the number of those that had done so in 1999.
Social and tax advantages;
It doesn't, in other words, derive from an antecedent single cause as an effect.
In this regard, enhancing the simplicity and accessibility of market-based mechanisms, including through measures such as standardized baselines and streamlined procedures for registering programmes of activities, was also called for as a means to promote their greater regional distribution;
112.23 Evaluate the possibility of adopting all necessary measures to guarantee the right to justice, truth and reparation for victims and their family members in cases of serious human rights violations (Argentina)
In the case of Honduras, Republic of Moldova and Senegal, the Subcommittee will principally address issues regarding National Preventive Mechanisms (NPMs), as provided for under the Optional Protocol
The subject of human rights was taught regularly in the primary schools and occasionally in the secondary schools, and several human rights courses were offered at the university level; she had taught a course on the Convention for the past 10 years.
 Source: World Resources: A Guide to the Global Environment 1994-95, New York, Oxford University Press, based on data from:
I have the honour to draw your attention to the statement on the agreement on a transitional Administrative Law in Iraq, issued on 19 March 2004 by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union (see annex).
The effective implementation of the Plan of Action for the Least Developed Countries, adopted at the first WTO Ministerial Conference, and the decisions of the High-level Meeting on Integrated Initiatives for Least Developed Countries' Trade Development would help to address the residual market access problems faced by least developed countries.
Taking note of the existing proposals for a convention and a protocol on the subject of illegal trafficking in and transporting of migrants, including by sea, submitted to it by the Governments of Austria and Italy,
64. States that implement and enforce criminal or other laws to restrict access to sexual and reproductive health information actively reduce access to information and therefore do not meet their obligation to respect the right to health.
Over the long term, it would be less costly to train candidates who could then fill vacant posts than to have recourse to temporary assistance. The whole question of the competitiveness of the Organization's remuneration package should also be examined, since remuneration must be attractive in order to attract qualified candidates.
The Salvation Army, a religious philanthropic organization, is perhaps the best known for remembering the poor.
With respect to section 4, he firmly supported the proposal to convene UNISPACE III, which should give priority to the promotion of international cooperation and exchanges in space science and advanced technology and to the examination of the latter’s impact on the promotion of environmentally sound and sustainable development.
27. This process should involve all the competent forums of the United Nations system, particularly the specialized and regional entities, as well as other international organizations dealing with specific aspects of financing for development.
Further, the Committee reiterates its concern at the extremely low sanctions pronounced against persons committing paedophilia (CRC/C/BFA/CO/3-4, para. 72, 2010).
 The Chairman: I call now on the representative of the International Law Association.
As a result their economic autonomy is restricted.
Thus, immediately following the end of hostilities, priority was given to clearing those areas where civilians were in immediate danger.
Background: The May/June session of the SBI has traditionally provided Parties with an opportunity to consider how their intergovernmental process is functioning and to take decisions on relevant matters, including providing guidance to presiding officers and the secretariat.
The first visit of China's Art Group of the Disabled to Europe was a success.
Representatives may make brief statements, consisting solely of explanations of vote, before the voting has commenced or after the voting has been completed.
Vice-Chairmen: Pakistan and Togo
25. The Commission has also noted the difficulty of identifying and assessing relevant instances of State practice with respect to a particular legal issue.
On 4 March 1998, the Mission renewed its request for a status report on the 639 category “A” claims.
8. Global warming is prompting longer-lasting droughts and threatening to turn entire regions of the world into deserts.
8. The Commission took note of the relevant provisions of the Programme of Action for Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, [2]/ adopted by the international community at the Global Conference on Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States.
Abenomics, I am proud to say, has been successful in a more fundamental sense: we have rebooted Japan’s collective psyche.
Pungtungia herzi
Transferred to FMP
Yuen Long Theatre (Auditorium)
He went from Norway to the Cape of Good Hope and from Bangkok to Vladivostok, wheeling or walking every inch of the way.
Equally impressive has been the increasing variety of actors who are working around the world for global nuclear disarmament, including, with an active role, the Secretary-General, who last year became the first Secretary-General to visit Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Are willing to be grass for the fire to burn.
At the same moment, the bugles of the Prussians returning from drill blared under our windows.
Following consultations with the members, it has been agreed that the composition of the mission is as follows:
This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument signed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.
American President) Did you ever expect a corporation to have a conscience, when it has no soul to damned, and no body to be kicked?
Lesotho
Why is the comet like Mickey Mouse?
The drow remain Lolth's own , and they tolerate the worship of no other god.
My job is to plan and manage the public relations strategy for the Skoda brand in the UK.
Sixty-fifth session
E. Enhancing regulation that protects individuals from abuse by private actors 82 - 85 19
Reiterate the importance of exchanging information in the field of the economy of culture, with a view to the economic and social incidences of cultural activities in the sustainable development of all involved countries; and reaffirm the interest in strengthening the cooperation in the fields of material and immaterial common inheritance, focusing on the preservation of cultural and natural patrimonies and in the safeguard of the immaterial inheritance.
He felt some better.
Please remind your visitor(s) to take good care of visitor badge(s). Any loss or damage will be subject to a fine of actual costs.
I. Military observers
That is an outrage to anyone with enough brain to think for himself or herself.
Is he your buddy friend or sweetheart friend?
9. Information provided on category 6 (Upgrade of operations to meet minimum operating security standards, as well as any new/unforeseen security-related needs) shows that the UNHCR practice of setting aside a contingency reserve is not widespread; some other organizations have established special allocations to meet exceptional requirements.
12 March 2010
(iii) Transportation of personal effects and household goods shall be by the most economical means at rates and under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
"Some people are what I call Big-T, big-thrill people -- they have a great sense of adventure and need a lot of novelty, intense experiences, " he explains.
However, there are two different classes of such stimulants.
Balanced development of urban and rural areas and regions within the countries of Asia and the Pacific
Twenty minutes later, all that changed
15 April 2014
The literacy rate was much higher for men than for women, 74 and 48 percent respectively.
Nauru, together with most, if not all, of the Pacific island countries, has done all that is necessary to keep the subregion safe from nuclear weapons, weapons of mass destruction and toxic waste by ratifying regional and international instruments, such as the Treaty of Rarotonga, the Convention of Waigani, the Chemical Weapons Convention, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, to name just a few.
It has in place a national registry in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 4, and the requirements in the guidelines decided thereunder;
Carry-over from previous year (A)
Urban construction planning departments shall incorporate the plan for building, rebuilding or expanding power facilities into their urban construction plans
Colombia also reported large amounts of cocaine seized in 1999, accounting for 18 per cent of the world total, and further increases were recorded in 2000.
In most cities, the telephone company is adding more area codes to confuse people.
8. The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty remains gravely concerned by the statement made by the then Prime Minister of Israel on 11 December 2006, in which he publicly admitted the possession of nuclear weapons by Israel.
But later he changed his tune and went back on what he had said in Yenan.
2. The High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development will be held on 14 and 15 September 2006.
Number of cities with dedicated cycleways
Every time you see the sentences, yell it out.
but I have a feeling it's going to be too late when I do remember.
107. Innovations, technologies and management of Africa's natural resources.
OIOS recognized that ITC had developed, in search of better planning and monitoring, the rolling business plan and other tools, such as the annual operations plans, before the introduction of result-based budgeting by the United Nations Secretariat.
But the suspension of the session also means that several other projects have not been approved as planned.
within 15 days from 6 August 2005
The living space is measured in square metres.
142. Two new posts (1 P-3 and 1 General Service) are proposed for the Office of the Neutral Facilitator.
Under the new situation, especially, enlarging military blocs and strengthening military alliances run counter to the tide of the times.
46. It is necessary to note that Radovan Stankovic remains at large, and that no serious measures have been taken to locate him.
Periodic reports considered by the Committee
The two instruments in force, the Biological Weapons Convention and the Chemical Weapons Convention, do not expressly refer to terrorism, but they nonetheless provide the legal basis for action to help combat terrorism.
Laboratory animals have organs and body systems similar to humans and other animals.
Broadband is also the basis for local information technology (IT) and IT-enabled services (ITES) industries, which generate new job opportunities, especially for youth and women.
A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.82, paras. 42-44;
MARLBORO GOLD FTKS 20S BOX
Good evening and a big welcome and festive gathering.
Fund balance
It notes that the mandate is due for renewal in 2001 and recommends that all options - continuation, adjustment, termination - be further examined to enable a considered decision to be taken at that time.
Though undemarcated, this line is binding upon both Parties, subject only to the minor qualifications expressed in the Delimitation Decision, unless they agree otherwise.
Commentary 258
Ship Survey Industry
She might be there tonight.
You can also say that art needs to be betrayed.
Men, lay down your weapons.
We should absorb what is good.
win the bid for 2.  put up a wall newspaper Dear Bill Very glad to receive your letter of July 13
Moreover, the EU should be able to legislate on a wider array of policies, including, for example, taxation.
25963 Elisalin
(j) Aspiration hazard.
Eleven of the 12 chapters have been completed and the draft will be submitted for technical editing and production in October 1997.
In doing so, we should not only look at the picture we see today, but also at the shameful history that has led Somalia into this great tragedy.
The Ants inquired of him, "Why did you not treasure up food during the summer
Agenda item 105 (continued)
Stand still O Beautiful End for a moment and say your last words in silence.
 We welcome the adoption by the World Conference on Human Rights of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action.
28. Inflation rose across most of the continent in 2011 and presented a new macroeconomic challenge.
B. Demining
That stung a bit. I'd been careful to avoid all forms of moroseness , moping included.
At the same time, a series of supply-side disruptions in key commodity markets ranging from drought to disease have been at work.
Respecting the right to legal capacity of persons with disabilities on an equal basis with others includes respecting the right of persons with disabilities to liberty and security of the person.
2. Chief Integrated Support Service Officer (P-5).
The pilot countries had demonstrated leadership and determination in following up those reforms and promoting system-wide coherence.
the Non-Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction Act, 1993 (Act No 87 of 1993);
35. UNCTAD is cognizant of important global efforts such as General Assembly resolution 61/190, which calls for "the successful and timely completion of the Doha round of trade negotiations with the full realization of the development dimensions".
Sector Recycling in 2005
35 to 39
 These are the result of some combination of:
We congratulate the Commission on its achievements and express our appreciation to Mr. Gaja for his excellent work.
Promoting intergenerational solidarity
For substances and mixtures which, in contact with water, emit flammable gases, add the following conditions for use in column (5):
As of the date of Iraq’s invasion, East Hungarian Water had not performed work under the project contract, but it alleged it had incurred costs in connection with preparatory work, including negotiating and preparing the initial tender for the contract, travel expenses and staff preparations to commence work on the project.
Ohio may not rank dead last in an extreme number of subcategories, however its overall extremely poor showing causes it to be ranked as the least environmentally friendly state on our list.
Article 129 If persons who are lawfully equipped with guns for the discharge of official duties lose their guns and fail to report about the matter immediately, thereby causing serious consequences, they shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
(c) as it is learnt that some areas of the Guangdong Province can receive Hong Kong's free television programmes, whether the authorities know the reasons for that, and why, on the other hand, remote areas within the boundaries of Hong Kong cannot get good reception of such television programmes?
The most compelling security question in the new era of international relations is to define and establish a global security scheme which preserves and ensures the national security of all States.
48. For action taken by cantonal and communal administrations in their role as employers, see para. 360 below.
However, more international efforts were needed to eliminate obstacles in the exchange of scientific and technological information and the transfer of appropriate technologies to promote the use of space technology in developing countries.
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment. New York, 18 December 2002
DBA
Coordination of data sets disseminated by different organizations covering the same subject matter: report by the United Nations Statistics Division
It is compact and easy to use.
Since the majority of African countries have now changed to ACT for first or second-line treatment of malaria, there is an urgent need to obtain safety data on the inadvertent use of ACT in the first trimester of pregnancy.
The present report, submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 66/130, provides precise data on the political participation of women at all levels and describes measures taken by Member States to ensure women's equal participation.
ITC International Trade Centre
53. All Afghan parties should fulfil their obligations and commitments regarding the safety of all personnel of diplomatic missions, the United Nations and other international organizations, and of their premises in Afghanistan, and to cooperate, fully and without discrimination on the grounds of gender, nationality or religion, with the United Nations and associated bodies, as well as with other humanitarian organizations, agencies and non-governmental organizations, in order to facilitate full resumption of their cooperation.
Bagnol, Brigite (1997). Diagnóstico do abuso Sexual e Exploração Sexual de crianças em Maputo e Nampula.
Some of that information was provided by means of Internet hyperlinks.
53. Sanctions, as a coercive measure, could be introduced only after the Security Council had determined, on the basis of valid evidence and not mere speculation and misinformation, that an actual threat to peace or an act of aggression existed, and only when peaceful measures had been exhausted or proved to be inadequate.
4.6 The author's claim that his right to appeal was violated is unfounded.
13 August 2008
Here are several of the top ten April Fool's Day pranks ever pulled off, as judged by the US website of Museum of Hoaxes for their notoriety, absurdity, and number of people duped
The next station is GuoMao, GuoMao a transform station, please get ready for your arrival.
A conservative UNCTAD estimate shows that merchandise exports will decline in developed countries by 8 per cent, in developing countries by 7 to 9 per cent and in least developed countries by 9 to 16 per cent.
In other words, bilateral contributions are being used to pay off the IMF and World Bank since they are first in line to be paid from these funds.
But I feared the anger of the women downstairs.
He also stressed that undertakings not to be the first to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States were an essential building block in the non-proliferation regime.
Jun 03
A participant called for closer attention to be given to internal displacements and refugee flows since routinely, they were clear indicators and symptoms of deeper conflicts.
3.16 When an asset's carrying amount is increased as a result of a revaluation, the increase should be credited directly to equity under the heading of revaluation surplus.
When the progress report is complete the Secretariat will prepare an addendum to the present note that will summarize the Panel's findings on those issues.
32. His delegation was in favour of excluding the death penalty from the list of punishments to be imposed by the court.
The contribution margin means is a very important means in Profit-Deficit Balance Analysis.
In order to meet these targets, appropriate policy instruments such as feed-in tariffs, quotas, portfolio standards and blending rules, green certificates, pool models, tax incentives, grid connection regulations and guidelines, building and energy standards and labelling should be considered.
IP/SIP (Non-Commissioned Officer Training) (Professional Development Learning Centre)
A combination of factors account for China's relative resilience.
It also is the latest force to bedevil Californians, who in recent years have endured an energy crisis, the collapse of the dot-com economy and budget deficits
4. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to monitor the imposition of measures of this nature and to study the impact of such measures on the affected countries, including the impact on trade and development;
In this regard, they recognized the central role of the United Nations.
Investigation Offr(A)1
We would like to thank the High Representative for the Alliance of Civilizations, Mr. Jorge Sampaio, for his tireless efforts on behalf of the Alliance of Civilizations.
Usually things are just what they are, nothing more.
In other words, the very concept of sustainable development was no longer a certainty for small island developing States; the islands were sinking.
What measures have been taken to improve the system?
The provisions of the International Covenant against incitement to religious hatred are legitimate safeguards against abuse of the right to freedom of expression.
Finally, a partnership mechanism of sharing benefits between the Nature Reserve and the neighborhood communities was put forward.
When students and parents are asked to rate subjects according to their importance , the arts are unavoidably at the bottom of the list .
From its experience, the Committee knows that traditional models of development that are based predominantly on economic growth, the expansion of the democratic space and peace, do not automatically lead to gender equality and the realization of women's rights and empowerment.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 February 2009, the Economic and Social Council decided that its special high-level meeting with the Bretton Woods institutions, the World Trade Organization and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development would be held at United Nations Headquarters on 27 April 2009.
European Community
Major awareness-raising campaigns are required to help people accept the idea.
The geographical distribution of equipment containing ODS, and the amount of ODS contained in the equipment; and
Retailers have discovered the cheaper masked raider belts aimed at children have been a surprise hit among 30- and 40-year-old men.None of the arrows hit the bull's eye.
FZK series fire door intelligent control and MY remote control units for motor drive roller doors.
You know that your ex isnt good for you, and you know that you arent good for your ex
Go and find out how deep the stream is and whether we can wade across.
Now, the teacher went on, how can we find out whether we can see one place from another?
Do you even have anywhere to take her?
para. 11 (b)
Signs of symptoms of (acute) ingestion are: confusion, headache, weakness, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, convulsions, laboured breathing and unconsciousness.
Activities identified in this area ranged from programmes studying specific watershed areas and assessments of transboundary aquifers to regional efforts to develop management tools for freshwater use in small island developing States in the Caribbean.
The Committee decided, in the light of past practice in drafting decision guidance documents, to establish a drafting group to develop a decision guidance document for endosulfan for consideration at its sixth meeting on the understanding that responses to outstanding questions regarding the notifications from the above-mentioned Sahelian countries would be made available at the same time (UNEP/FAO/RC/CRC.5/16, paras. 22 - 73 and annex II).
Tendency of the Finance Department staff: classroom instruction.
He had tried to kill himself after the company broke.
(c) The object of the communication;
III. Concluding remarks
We have outlawed deep-sea bottom trawling in Palau, but, no matter what we do in our own waters, there must be an international solution.
The Group of 77 and China were keen to see UNCTAD's role in development rightfully recognized through continued participation in the high-level meeting of the Economic and Social Council with the international financial institutions and WTO.
Pakistan
Summary of other total savingsa
I think, the adventures of Tom Sawyer -- in your frustrations when might make you laughter, the best medicine.
She chose the least expensive recorder as she didn't want to spend too much money on it.
93. On 24 June, in Port-au-Prince, several days after the management of the newspaper Libert announced that they had received threats, a number of street vendors of the newspaper were reportedly captured, beaten and detained in the Anti-Gang Investigation Service for several hours (four names are given).
He shared the majority view in the Commission that specific legislative guidance, in the form of a model law or model legislative provisions, was both desirable and feasible.
We also note similar reform efforts in UNCTAD, FAO, UNESCO, IFAD, UN-HABITAT and UNEP.
309. UNFPA agreed with the Board's recommendation to: (a) take steps to ensure that leave transactions for international staff based in the country offices are recorded in the system; and (b) implement procedures/processes to enable it to accurately compute the leave pay provision in its financial statements.
Article 68 An employing unit that, in violation of the provisions of these Regulations, commits any of the following acts shall be given a warning and ordered to make corrections within a specified time limit, and shall be imposed a fine of not less than 20,000 yuan but not more than 50,000 yuan by the administrative department for public health; if it fails to make corrections within the specified time limit, it shall be ordered to stop the operations in which toxic substances are used, or a request shall be made to the relevant people's government to shut it down within the limits of authority vested by the State Council: (1) failing to organize the workers engaging in the operations in which toxic substances are used to receive occupational health examination before taking up their jobs, or assigning the workers who have not received occupational health examination before taking their jobs to engage in the operations in which toxic substances are used; (2) failing to organize the workers engaging in the operations in which toxic substances are used to receive occupational health examination at regular intervals; (3) failing to organize the workers engaging in the operations in which toxic substances are used to receive post-leaving occupational health examination; (4) rescinding or terminating labor contracts with the workers who did not receive post-leaving occupational health examination; (5) failing to conduct health examination for the workers engaging in the operations in which toxic substances are used and to make appropriate arrangements for occupational disease sufferers in accordance with the relevant provisions of the State in case of division, merger, dissolution, or bankruptcy; (6) failing to arrange duly health examination and medical observation for the workers who have suffered or are likely to suffer acute occupational poisoning hazards; (7) failing to establish occupational health supervision records; (8) failing to provide true occupational health surveillance archives at no charge when the workers leave the employing unit; (9) failing to truly inform the workers of possible occupational poisoning hazards and the consequences therefrom, safeguards against occupational poisoning hazards and the welfares, and failing to state these items clearly in the labor contracts according to the provisions of the Law on the Prevention and Control of Diseases and these Regulations; or (10) canceling or reducing benefits that should be enjoyed by the workers who evacuated from the sites of hazards in the circumstance under which there exists the danger threatening their life safety or body health.
Rocky: Oh, do you mean this one
Like all Jewish men he learned a trade in His case  carpentry  from his step - father Joseph.
Accordingly, the Legal Committee approved a proposal to recommend that the Council, and through it, the Assembly, revise the Strategic Plan.
In 1998 the specialized services of the Ministry of the Interior confiscated the following illegally owned individual small arms: 19 assault rifles, eight carbines, 63 rifles, 88 pistols, one grenade launcher, 10 hunting rifles, two self-made rifles.
Joseph Wu
Bismarck Pineda and Lisardo Bolaños, "Diagnóstico de la Violencia juvenil en Guatemala" (Guatemala, 2009).
A problem that might take a human being a long time to solve can be solved by a computer in one minute.
Republic of Kazakhstan
We very much appreciate the participation in this event of many Ambassadors in their capacity as Government representatives.
John is ready to feed his superior on soft corn.
39. The Committee recommends that the State party take remedial action to improve the conditions of housing and provide more housing units, housing facilities, credits and subsidies to low-income families and disadvantaged and marginalized groups, in line with the Committee's general comment No. 4.
Responsible for retention sample and regularly check retention sample approved SOP.
Tom and I work for the same company.
CICIG continues to be a positive force in Guatemala with its efforts to combat the prevailing situation of impunity in the country.
That conference room paper contained a consolidated version of the proposals received from States parties and signatory States contained in background papers prepared by the Secretariat (CAC/COSP/WG.1/2008/2 and Add.1-3 and Corr.1), a working document submitted by the Group of 77 and China (CAC/COSP/WG.1/2008/CRP.2) and comments submitted by Peru (CAC/COSP/WG.1/2008/CRP.3).
These States have introduced more than 58 packages of illegal, unilateral coercive measures on the Syrian people, targeting all areas of economic, financial, agricultural and industrial activity and the food, pharmaceuticals, tourism, transport, science and culture sectors.
(a) Interpretation services.
The Chairperson-Rapporteur observed that there were indeed different understandings of the meaning of "national" and "national minority" and that acceptance of the different viewpoints often facilitated cooperation.
The performance and service life of blade can be greatly improved after hardening.
All couples and individuals have the basic right to decide freely and responsibly the number and spacing of their children and to have the information, education and means to do so.
He also thanked the Government of Turkey for its support on hydrogen energy, frequently described as the energy of the future.
25. In an effort to ensure that the conditions for the lifting of the Security Council sanctions on diamonds are met, President Johnson-Sirleaf established a National Diamond Task Force, which is being co-chaired by my Special Representative, Alan Doss, and the Minister of Land, Mines and Energy, to work on implementing the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme.
7. Furthermore, in the light of its mandate under article 26 of the Law on Gender Equality, which includes the conduct of investigations regarding alleged violations of that law, please provide information on the number of complaints received by the Gender Equality Agency, the number of investigations carried out and their outcomes.
The involvement of other international bodies, even the Security Council, in the imposition of limitations on the peaceful use of nuclear energy would only undermine the credibility of those bodies.
1. We express deep appreciation for participation in the Meeting by the representatives of the Permanent Mission of Belarus, in its capacity as President of the Conference at the time, and of the Permanent Mission of Belgium, in its capacity as the upcoming President, as well as Mr. Peter Kolarov from the UN Secretariat, in his capacity as former Special Coordinator on the Expansion of the Membership of the Conference on Disarmament.
755. The Committee recommends that remaining restrictions in national laws on human rights should be reviewed and brought into full conformity with the provisions of the Covenant as set forth in articles 18, 19 and 21.
Why dont we just stay at home and watch TV W: Come on. You promised to take me out for dinner and to the theatre on my birthday.
The growing practice, especially in recent years, of including the obligation to extradite or prosecute in numerous international treaties and its application by States in their mutual relations raised the question of unification of different aspects of the operation of that obligation.
Resolution 1124 (1997) The Security Council, inter alia, decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations
To that end, here are just a few ways that you can cut down on your water usage and do your part to help protect our most precious natural resource.
In most cases they are hired at the school where they are to work, with no training.
A straight up and down peg does not hold as well as a slanted one (E).
He has made His wonders to be remembered; The Lord is gracious and compassionate.
Their guards were in front of me everytime I tried to shoot.
The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m.
President of Romania
He talked to the Minister of Justice by telephone and was informed that because the judge of the civil court was on sick leave, the petition could not be filed.
The institutions of the Montreal Protocol - the scientific and technology and economic assessment panels, the Multilateral Fund and its implementing agencies, and the parties, working together to develop national regulations - put the Protocol in a uniquely favourable position from which to address HFCs, and they obviated the need to start from scratch or duplicate those bodies elsewhere.
E: In the West, we often name our cats after food. For example, Muffin which is a small cake, you can call
"(1) cause of action, the claims, facts and cause or causes of the dispute;
Abdol-Malek Mollahzadeh, aged 45, and Abdol-Nasser Jamshid-Zehi, aged 25, were shot dead by four individuals in the Liari district of Karachi.
In this context, it should provide the ad hoc working group called for in paragraph 2 with the basis for its future deliberations.
In this regard, in 2008, the Unit put in place a stand-by team of mediation experts available on short notice to assist in negotiations and mediation processes.
However, such review is not a merits review of the factual and evidentiary basis of the ASIO decision.
Pursuant to section I of Economic and Social Council resolution 2002/15 of 24 July 2002, adopted on the recommendation of the Commission at its eleventh session, the Secretary-General convened the Meeting of Experts on the Application of United Nations Standards and Norms in Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.
Government-provided personnel
Guinea-Bissau
This outreach should be recognized with a readiness to ensure that the Peacebuilding Fund remains strongly focused on their needs.
The Living One will live again on wings of fire.
Don"t shut love out of your life by saying it"s impossible to find.The quickest way to receive love is to give it; the fastest way to lose love is to hold it too tightly; and the best way to keep love is to give it wings.
He is represented by the World Organisation Against Torture.
But once I begin to do it, I always stop complaining. I just try to finish it quickly so I can have a good time for the next two months
" Walks on a treadmill every morning while making phone calls with a headset.
Economic and Social Council
When he could speak normally again, he promoted him.
Ministry of Labour and Social Security
A great protest meeting in their support will be held tomorrow.
B driver should concentrate on the road when driving.
Recalling its resolution 1970 (XVIII) of 16 December 1963, in which it requested the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to study the information transmitted to the Secretary-General in accordance with Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations and to take such information fully into account in examining the situation with regard to the implementation of the Declaration, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
While a Polar bear sleeping on an ice berg with its paws clutched around it like a toddler holding their teddy bear is truly cute.
War crime of murder
Last month, the Dalai Lama met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Noting that voluntary contributions were insufficient to cover all the costs of the Force, including those incurred by troop-contributing Governments prior to 16 June 1993, and regretting the absence of an adequate response to appeals for voluntary contributions, including that contained in the letter dated 17 May 1994 from the Secretary-General to all Member States,
Sichuan Assistant Deputy Governor Li Chengyun said in the conference.
 11. The analysis of the above-mentioned structural characteristics highlights the importance of adopting a series of measures against organized crime, both in the area of substantive and procedural penal law and in the area of international cooperation.
Some people love famous stars like Britney Spears, David Beckham or even Tony Blair.
Wednesday, 16 November 2011, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 1 (NLB).
Article 60 A Commission of Audit shall be established in the Macao Special Administrative Region.
Today, there is a growing awareness of climate change.
Box 4
13. On the expenditure side, IMF reports that while the country's wage bill was lower in 2006 than in 2005, non-wage expenditures were higher than programmed levels.
No response was received from the Government regarding this letter.
Anti-Money Laundering and Combating Terrorist Financing
The Republic of Korea was pleased that the Organization's performance, financial situation and administrative reforms, including the introduction of results-based management, had made outstanding progress, and it hoped that that positive trend would continue in the coming years as the Organization focused on the priority areas highlighted in the Director-General's Annual Reports.
Therefore, a comprehensive step for an inclusive and smart sustainable development was taken with the voices of different quarters of the international community.
Where I'm going to have to worry about the chemical potentials of mixtures.
The Commission also noted that the same increase would be applied to the recently approved additional non-family hardship allowance for staff serving at non-family duty stations, since it falls under the mobility and hardship scheme.
any opinion or endorsement by the Secretariat of the United Nations.
Review and Reconstruction Correction of Mutual Relations of Supervisory Organs within Chinese Corporations
The General Committee took note that the General Assembly had already dealt with items 1 to 6 of the draft agenda.
In Gao, hundreds of demonstrators staged a protest over a disputed passenger list provided by the Government to MINUSMA for air transportation of delegates to the national conference on the north, in Bamako.
The work is not profitable terms of cash, but I am getting valuable experience from it.
The Secretary-General underlines the interlinkages between those measures and the progress towards poverty eradication and other internationally agreed development goals.
Conservation organizations based in the United States
The Ministers welcomed the lifting of unilateral sanctions imposed on Libya, and acknowledged Libya's right to compensation for the damages incurred as a consequence of these sanctions.
5. Follow-up report
Article 36.Where an application for technology export is approved, the competent foreign trade department under the State Council shall issue a letter of intent for licensing the technology export.
16. Also requests the Secretary-General to report to it at its sixty-third session on specific measures taken to facilitate mobility between the United Nations Secretariat and the United Nations funds, programmes and specialized agencies, and on results achieved;
The Ethiopian Government is understandably anxious to protect the confidentiality of its sources of information and reluctant to reveal them.
Recommendations for action by the League of Arab States directly
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Report of the Secretary-General
Open calcaneal fractures are relatively rare, but most of them are potentially devastating with severe injury of soft tissue and comminuted bone.
On 2 May 2007, a number of special procedures addressed the Government of Ethiopia, adding the following details:
If you use the translation software , could you introduce it to me?
Mary unexpectedly gave up her career and became a housewife.
The Assembly noted with concern paragraph 61 of the report of the Secretary-General on the pattern of conferences (A/58/194 and Corr.1 and 2), reaffirmed that there should be no exceptions to the rule that documents must be distributed in all official languages and emphasized the principle that all official documents must be distributed simultaneously in all official languages before they are made available on United Nations web sites.
Permanent Representative of Kyrgyzstan
Mr. SORBY (Norway) echoed the tribute to the President and chairmen.
Thus , Saint  Antoine  in this vinous feature of his, until midday.
We can get there just as quickly on foot.
Research on this project resulted in the development of a hybrid method of producing satellite-derived land-use and land-cover maps;
It is as easy to create a castle as a button. It's just a matter of whether you're focused on a castle or a button.
Recalling the importance to peace and security in the subregion of the Protocol on COPAX, the Mutual Assistance Pact and the Non-Aggression Pact concluded between the countries of Central Africa, the Committee recommended to the Bureau that it draw the attention of those countries which had not already done so to the need to sign and/or ratify those instruments.
CD/1661, dated 17 January 2002, entitled "Letter dated 14 January 2002 from the Permanent Representative of the United States to the Conference on Disarmament addressed to the Secretary-General of the Conference transmitting the text of a statement commemorating the entry into force of the open skies treaty as given on January 9 in Washington by Mr. Richard Boucher, Spokesman of the U.S. Department of State".
We have been working along those lines in the Organization of American States, in particular through the Inter-American Democratic Charter, seeking formulas and instruments to improve democratic governance.
29. Requests the Secretary-General to consider the need to submit to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session a report on the outcome of the review of his 1998 report;
Programme 3100: Registrar
Joint projects include trade and training activities, development of sheep breeding and the expansion of the fishery industry, in particular fish, lobster and shrimp farming.17
Implementation of country-specific action plan by country teams
In particular, the terms and conditions applicable to staff members and the principles of administrative law, which underpin the Staff Regulations and Staff Rules and the administrative framework of the United Nations, do not apply to nonstaff personnel.
(Investment/Interest income)
The Ministry of Labour & Social Security is the main institution which coordinates the provision of social benefits to vulnerable persons.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the text of the statement made by His Highness Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, in his capacity as Chairman of the ninth session of the Islamic Summit Conference, at the second emergency session of the Islamic Summit, held in Doha, State of Qatar, on 5 March 2003 (see annex).
Electronic
The programme manager's final decision is based on the line manager's recommendation and the comments of the central review body; the programme manager may request one reassessment of the substantive merits or compliance with process.
318. The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to ensure that the institution of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Civil Rights actively and fully incorporates a gender perspective in its work.
Trust Fund for the Consolidation of Peace through Practical Disarmament Measures
Trade between us has almost doubled in the last five years.
The findings are not all that staggering as it can be largely attributed to the growing realisation that death is coming close.
We have great hopes for the General Assembly's forthcoming High-Level Dialogue on Interreligious and Intercultural Understanding and Cooperation for Peace.
This is a wonderful place picnic.
9. Electronic opening of tenders (A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.38/Add.1, paras. 28-32)
We also wish to applaud the decision by the United States to recognize and establish diplomatic contact with the Government of Angola, as well as the subsequent positive initiatives for peace taken by the United States in Angola.
With UNFPA support, the National University of Timor Lorosa'e, provided training to increase the number of qualified midwives in the country and upgraded equipment at its Midwifery School and renovated the skills laboratory (officially opened on 3 September).
Everything is. in an awful mess. You shouldn't have allowed the children to clamber about in the room.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 12 May 2000, at 3 p.m.
 47. Under a treaty, adverse treatment of an investment may trigger country- to-country discussions, and disputes may be referred to binding international arbitration.
TD/B/C.I/EM.7/1
The AfD, in particular, can’t believe its luck.
Substantial damage
On 2 July 1998 the Governing Council of the United Nations Compensation Commission published Decision 52 concerning the sixth instalment of claims by individuals relating to compensation for damages under US$ 100,000 (category C claims).
Ctislav Doseděl
give up smoking give way to Now, in China, we should know that everything must give way to the task of modernization and the development of economic.
Gruyères
1. Notes with appreciation the efforts of UNICEF to strengthen management, accountability, oversight and transparency in a harmonized and standardized way;
Rule 10
We view this event as an important additional impetus in considering economic issues on the agenda of the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
"We'll be happy to board your pet at our PAWS Lodge until the flight, " the company's website advertises.
7. Expresses its desire to see Member States extending their cooperation and coordination in the areas of market access, competition policy, transfer of technology and know how, finance, investment and eventual development of an integrated information network and an infrastructure for achieving the objective of establishing an Islamic Common Market.
Effect
2.15 Article 15: Equality before the Law and in Civil Matters
9. Ambassador Jagdish Koonjul (Mauritius).
And, if this were to persist and spread, even the US – a relatively healthy economy – could be forced to revise downward its expectations for economic growth and corporate earnings.
 Several delegations advocated the electronic distribution of documentation as cost-effective and efficient.
They were joined in this by their faithful lap-dog, the British, as it also was seen to favour them.
She played the main part of the songs on the lowest guitar strings.
We are of the view that both the particular aim of the countermeasure and the particular form of reparation sought, if any, may indeed be relevant to the question of the proportionality of a countermeasure.
The Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee,
Some 64% of them are women, a share virtually unchanged since the early 1990s.
Weisweil
The secretive Soviet regime did not allow foreigners to visit the countryside.
As the organs of self-government, the Tibet Autonomous Regional People's Congress and the Regional People's Government exercise the power of autonomy according to law.
37. The Counter-Terrorism Executive Directorate continued monitoring the implementation by Member States of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), which stipulates that States shall eliminate the supply of weapons to terrorists.
A/61/157
The penalties for such activities - imprisonment from 6 to 15 years - are stipulated in Estonia's Criminal Code Article 17 and Penal Code Article 22.
Other currencies
Pakistan is committed to the implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, which was adopted in 2001.
On 24 October 1996, he was convicted of two charges of "import of trafficable quantity of prohibited drug (cocaine)", and sentenced to imprisonment for a term of seven years with a non parole period of four years, on each charge, to be served concurrently.
10 Ghana, Kenya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mozambique, Namibia, Senegal, South Africa and Zimbabwe.
A similar rule is usually also adopted by these States in respect of transferees, lessees and licensees of rights in assets subject to a specialized registry or title notation system.
Riemann surface
At the suggestion of the United Nations representative, the Committee decided to devolve certain aspects of the donor coordination process to the level of representatives in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
The audit of nationally implemented projects
Why are our life spans so limited?
What's the exchange rate today?
Several members were of the view that the concept was irreconcilable with the sovereign equality of States and should not be included in the draft conclusions, while other members not opposed to including the concept had stressed that it was not a means to accord greater weight to powerful States, or to determine whether practice was sufficiently widespread.
(a) To strengthen political commitment and actions at the national, regional and global levels to implement effectively sustainable forest management and to achieve the global objectives on forests; [see previous first part of para. 4 bis]
And in the aesthetic continuum, there is no such demarcation.
The associations later ended the protests after receiving assurances from Federation authorities related to retirement and social entitlements.
Invites the Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to convene the Seventh Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Europe, in 2007 and thereafter to convene such meetings every two years under the auspices of the Office.
In accordance with the Law On the Use and Utilization of Land of 21 June 1991 the whole territory of Latvia constitutes the State land fund, which, according to the administrative division, consists of two categories of land - urban land and rural land.
It stimulated exchanges among such organizations in the region, raised awareness of the Convention and encouraged non-governmental organization participation in the Convention in an area of the world where relationships between such organizations and governments are still being defined.
The Ministers reaffirmed their belief in BONAC as an effective medium for transmitting factual news of events of the developing countries to the world.
Add the words "and effectively implement relevant General Assembly resolutions" after the word "mandates" at the end of the sentence.
East Timor
As long as I a want, I a reason for living.
30 June 1961
For indoor activities, open all windows, use fan or air-conditioning to maintain good ventilation.
The Ministry of Social Protection is in the process of conducting more detailed studies and analyses of the behaviour of the labour market, highlighting women's contribution to the economy and social protection, especially in unremunerated work.
3. Welcomes and encourages the efforts to establish new nuclear-weapon-free zones in different parts of the world, including the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons, on the basis of agreements or arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the regions concerned, which is an effective measure for limiting the further spread of nuclear weapons geographically and contributes to the cause of nuclear disarmament;
The ISU maintained and developed its website (www.unog.ch/bwc), which now acts as the primary tool for the dissemination of information related to the Convention by, and to, States Parties.
The note by the Secretariat (E/CN.7/1999/2) covered approaches that the Commission could take in its consideration of the reports of Governments on the implementation of the action plans and measures adopted at the special session, and was considered a good basis for further work by the Commission.
Women seem more insecure about the response they might get, perhaps assuming that if you substitute "dress" for "tie" the answer could be depressingly disingenuous.
Output Quantity Reason for discontinuation
The frameworks are grouped by component as follows: substantive civilian, military and support.
I. Articles 1 to 4
B. Meetings on follow-up on Views with States parties' representatives
After the consultations, the Council President made a statement to the press reflecting points raised by Council members (see below).
It isn't only that the hornet kills the honey bees (it takes their bodies back to its nest to feed its larvae), it's that the effort put in by the bees to defend their colony weakens them.
We expect to complete this mission within the next two years.
25. Mr. Bamba (Côte d'Ivoire) said that, although the overall financial situation of the United Nations had improved in 2011, the same could not be said of peacekeeping operations.
For when he had carried the consulship for a friend of his, against the pursuit of Sylla, and that Sylla did a little resent thereat, and began to speak great, Pompey turned upon him again, and in effect bade him be quiet; for that more men adored the sun rising, than the sun setting.
The latest reports on the Fund are contained in General Assembly document A/55/268 (paras. 12-19), Commission on Human Rights document E/CN.4/2000/85 (paras. 7-14) and Working Group on Indigenous Populations document E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.4/2000/3, which contains the report of the Advisory Group on its fifth session.
22 December 2006
General Assembly
Several Arab countries use non-conventional water sources to meet their increasing water demands.
 It is still not too late to make the completion of this process a factor that unites, rather than separates the peoples of Russia and Lithuania.
The lake in the desert was just an optical illusion.
Collecting data
3. autobiography n. sb. 's life story written by that person  In his autobiography My Life Bill Clinton wrote about his experiences as president.
713. Under article 45, private institutions may be established at all levels of education, but primary.
They were also a reminder of the impacts of climate change on the human rights of the most vulnerable groups, including tenant farmers, women who faced difficulties in accessing assistance, Afghan refugees and IDPs who had recently returned to rebuild their lives.
On 29 July 2003, Singapore appointed a member of the arbitral tribunal pursuant to article 3(c) of the said annex.
When walking in the street, the stick is the blind person's eye.
To underscore the differences between the two, it would be wise to use different terms.
Many States still lack the legislation necessary to enable them to give consent to another State to board, search and seize, if evidence of drug trafficking involving vessels flying its flag is found, and to establish criminal jurisdiction over such vessels in case of serious offences.
The ASEAN Agreement on the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (1985) provides for the obligation of conservation of species and ecosystems and conservation of ecological processes.
Twelfth meeting
not to operate B. not to operate on C. not to be operated D. not to be operated on They wanted a place in Pairs.A.
The researchers do not yet know what launches the chromospheric plasma at such high speeds nor what heats it to the extreme temperatures it reaches in the corona.
The bill could also hurt the economy, encouraging banks to cut back on lending, so they can return their bailout money and protect employees from the surtax.
For those who have studied Spanish, you understand that Spanish words have different endings and forms for the different uses.
Although the Fund had reached an all-time high of $44.5 billion in May 2011, it fell back by 31 December 2011 to $39.7 billion in the face of the high levels of volatility in capital markets.
31. Initiatives are being pursued to enhance compliance with the law.
(D) In the case of consecutive assignments of less than one year at different duty stations during which the staff member is paid post adjustment under staff rule 106.04(c)(i) or 206.12(d), the combined periods of such assignments may be counted as one assignment;
Carrying out reform and opening to the outside are difficult tasks, requiring great courage and resolution.
For the moment, except in rare cases in which special financing is available, these services cannot be provided.
And we should avoid using the proposed Human Rights Council to achieve political ends.
I give the floor to the Secretary of the Committee.
On a number of occasions the process of dialogue has had to be restarted.
In its resolution 9/6, the Council requested the Special Rapporteur on the right to food to report to the Council at its twelfth session on the implementation of the resolution, including the measures and best practices adopted by States to respond to the global food crisis.
Adam Rutherford, 57,chest trauma, no breath sounds.
They must therefore work together in partnership.
Much has been achieved since 1995.
As requested in paragraph 4, the revised work programme and budget were submitted to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ).
3. In April 2007, the Secretary-General appointed Jorge Sampaio, former President of Portugal, as High Representative for the Alliance.
The decrease under special equipment is due mostly to lower prices for observation and mine-clearance equipment compared to higher unit costs in the 2009/10 budget period.
9. The Government of Kuwait provides services on the basis of equality among all individuals without any distinction as to sex, origin, language or religion, in accordance with article 29 of its Constitution.
27. During the investigation, it was discovered that Panamco Tica had included restrictive clauses in its contracts with retailers, binding them to resell the products at prices specified by Panamco Tica in regularly distributed price lists.
Here come the soccer warriors-the fighting spirit of the Caribbean.
 7. Commends the efforts of Member States, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations which have provided humanitarian and other assistance, encourages them to continue and increase such assistance, and again urges others to provide such assistance;
Addendum
Statement XXXIV (concluded)
(c) Center for Health and Population and Social Welfare, Future Institute for Sustainable Development, a merger of the World Population Society, in special consultative status, and the Center for Health and Population and Social Welfare and the Future Institute for Sustainable Development, not in consultative status with the Council.
that has been roped can be unroped.
President Bush said there is enough money in a federal emergency fund to pay for the clean-up and help those affected by the flooding.
A: I'm not criticizing you, Joe.
List of documents before the Commission at its forty-fifth session
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Cambodia
Class with the specified label text child tree nodes and images to display when the tree node is in a selected and unselected state.
(CEDAW/C/EGY/6-7)
M. Closing plenary meeting
The Committee recommends that the State party ensure that the ethnic composition of the Ethnic Relations Commission be as inclusive as possible, and that the representatives of indigenous communities be consulted, and their informed consent sought, in any decision-making processes directly affecting their rights and interests, in accordance with the Committee's general recommendation 23.
Head of the Department for Social Research and International Relations of the Directorate-General of Social Security, Family and Children, of the Ministry of Labour and Social Solidarity, in charge of planning and evaluation and staff monitoring and supervision in the fields of social research and analysis and international cooperation
This mention should be added in paragraphs 38, 41, 44, 46, 48, 50 and 52 so that the whole report is consistent.
Mr. Péter Pukli
Facts resulting in difficulties for partners to continue participation in the partnership enterprise occur;
The European Union further called on the Belarusian authorities to release all political prisoners and imprisoned human rights defenders, ensure their full rehabilitation and enable them to operate freely, without fear of reprisals; and to end the impunity for those who committed acts of violence against human rights defenders and opposition activists, and address reports of torture and ill-treatment by law-enforcement officials through comprehensive and transparent investigations.
Schlanders
(h) Promote and facilitate coherence, mutual support and harmonization between the Ethics Office, the Ethics Committee and the Ethics Network;
Follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development and
Russell Foster, an Oxford professor of neuroscience, tested the memory of 200 Monkseaton pupils at 9am and 2pm using pairs of words, and discovered a 9% improvement in the afternoon. Students correctly identified 51% of word pairs in the later session, compared with 42% in the morning
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/56/390)
Served as consultant and co-author for the Institute of Law and Public Policy, participating in a funded project on analysis of the standards of the Council of Europe in the field of human rights as applied to RF Constitution: analysis of decisions of European Court of Human Rights and European conventions and other legal documents with regard to marriage and family life issues; writing the parts of the book on family life and children issues, Moscow, 2001 - 2002.
The social determinants of health are the conditions in which people are born, grow, live, work and age, including the health system.
15. As part of the Department's efforts to make better strategic use of its United Nations information centres, it had organized live briefings, via a web-based videoconferencing tool, on the Climate Summit and other topics reflecting the main agenda items at the current General Assembly session.
Against:
Some unseen fingers, like an idle breeze, are playing upon my heart the music of the ripples.
The implementation of this crucial agreement is now being pursued with the parties and with the commercial organizations concerned.
Post-implementation review of the e-Performance System
2. Conclusions
Should Assad be tempted to recover Aleppo, the Sunni rebels would certainly break the ceasefire and blow up the entire political process.
Such assistance was central to the efforts of developing countries to implement anti-drug activities on the scale required.
In England, the sabot took the form of the clog, a fabric mounted on a wooden platform.
7. In a press statement (SC/8057), the Security Council strongly condemned the appalling atrocities and expressed its deep concern about the humanitarian crisis, in particular the abduction, forced recruitment and sexual violence against children.
15. In a broader sense, the degree to which the risk and threat of incitement evolves will likely depend upon the progress made by States in addressing the "conditions conducive to the spread of terrorism", as defined by the General Assembly in its 2006 Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy.
The paper was presented to the Parties to the UNFCCC in December 2004, but regrettably was not endorsed.
05-43658 (E) 300905
26. At the suggestion of the Secretary-General (A/BUR/54/1, para. 25), the General Committee draws the General Assembly’s attention to paragraph 32 of its decision 34/401, which reads as follows:
Additionally, s 3 of the Customs Recognition Act, Ch. 19, provides that customs which, if applied and enforced would result in injustice, or infringe public interest requirements or be contrary to the best interests of a child under the age of 16 years will not be recognized.
28. Draft resolution II was adopted.
Cooperation and partnerships
God damn it looks in the mirror, what do you see?
This brick is two inches thick.
But sometimes fear can be so extreme, so overwhelming, that it interferes with normal living.
Most importantly, they provide a set of procedural steps to be followed for the handling of cases, i.e. from the institution of proceedings through the different stages of written pleadings and hearings to the delivery of a judgment.
The second presentation was made by Mr. Michael Williams from UNEP on the results of the questionnaire survey on Article 6 in Asia and the Pacific.
Pointing to the role of public-private partnerships in this regard, he elaborated on four types of partnerships involving the United Nations, including the Global Compact; the sharing of expertise, material and funding; policy dialogue; and the Global Sustainable Business Initiative.
Observers declared that the 2010 elections had been conducted in conformity with international norms, but they were boycotted by a number of opposition parties, whose leaders subsequently went into exile.
(i) Supporting young people, especially girls, to consider political careers, including through access to and visibility of role models, supportive mentoring programmes, and initiatives promoting youth participation and leadership.
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2005 to 30 June 2006
Subject of audit
Load forecasting is an important research content of power system planning and running, belongs to stratagem forecasting, and is a premise for reliable supplying and economic running.
C. Migration, protection of children and employment 107 16
The State party should also ensure that children, if they are raised in institutions, live in small groups and are individually cared for.
History of Qatar by period
8-10 June 2004
Only in Goma, North Kivu, were exports in the first trimester of 2012 significantly higher than in 2011.
While offering new opportunities to the world economy and human development, globalization is also triggering a new surge of political and economic competition worldwide.
 The Commission will be requested to decide whether the comprehensive evaluation of ICP should proceed.
and as for taking his arm, I should as soon think of taking the arm of an elm-tree.
Summary of step 3
Several delegations expressed appreciation for UNCTAD's work in STI and requested the organization's ongoing support to developing countries in this area.
On the other hand, a single term exceeding six years or a renewable term of office might be too long and the auditor can become too close to the client.
You'll reach them   too.
They were arrested with their wives, with whom they have lost contact and whose whereabouts remain unknown.
It made recommendations.
 During the period under review, a number of foreign dignitaries travelled to Angola and sought to impress upon the two parties the need to expedite the implementation of the different provisions of the Lusaka Protocol (see S/1994/1441, annex).
For that to be possible, the authorities of the State party would need to issue a certificate of temporary admission or a residence permit recognized by neighbouring States.
I will join the meeting but I have to make a phone call first.
The legal regime governing foundations is essentially defined in the Foundations Act, Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, article 1 of which stipulates that foundations are recognized as having "... legal personality as state-approved private entities established for non-profit purposes and with the goal of using the organization's funds to conduct or help conduct activities of an educational, charitable, artistic, literary or scientific nature, and in general all activities aimed at improving social welfare".
The administrative departments for physical culture and sports of the local people's governments at or above the county level or the organs authorized by the people's governments at the corresponding levels shall be in charge of the work of physical culture and sports within their administrative areas.
The right to exist and develop thus historically became the urgent demand of the Chinese people.
212. As can be expected, disagreements have arisen between the Units and assigned counsel regarding the allowability of items invoiced and there are also disagreements regarding the standard of indigence required for assignment of counsel.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of Yugoslavia; after the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Venezuela, the Sudan and Croatia.
Archival film and video materials are available at the Visual Materials Library (room S-0805, ext. 3.6819 and 3.0656, fax: 963-1658).
The Chairperson of the Committee, Ambassador Edvardas Borisovas of Lithuania presented its report to the Conference at its fourth plenary meeting on [...] November 2006.
The Committee encouraged the Islamic Republic of Iran to ensure that all obligations under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights are fully respected and that Iranian legislation and practices are brought into line with its provisions.
They were of the view that the drafting of the charter should be done anew by the Somalis themselves, possibly assisted by foreign experts, and that reconciliation among the Somali clans that had experienced a setback as a result of the Conference should be realized before any genuine peace process could take place.
However, a tax inspection examined IPC's activities and it may possibly hold IPC's directors criminally liable.
The annual reports of the Equal Treatment Commission (CGB) and reports prepared by the National Bureau against Racial Discrimination (LBR) indicate that most of the discrimination complaints received concern work.
The Special Rapporteur takes note of the recent vote of the Security Council on 15 September 2006 to include Myanmar in its agenda.
They stressed that, unless better protection was provided, the humanitarian character of their operations would be seriously compromised.
As a result, the United Nations Secretary-General was requested to allocate the necessary staff resources and other requirements based in UNODA in Geneva to assist their effective implementation.
(v) provide advice on determining and adjusting commodity prices and service fee rates for items which are subject to State stipulated pricing or State guided pricing.
The first services to be offered through this project began on 8 August 2007 with the launch of Barndimalgu Court.
Governance and institutional arrangements of the Global Mechanism
(b) Strengthening good governance and the transparency and accountability of public institutions;
Serbia
6.3 According to the decision of the Tashkent City Court, in 2005, Mr. Musaev was working as a Programme Manager with UNDP on programmes for strengthening the State borders in Central Asia.
12. Table 3 of the annex indicates that the use of retirees in the language services of the Department for General Assembly Affairs and Conference Management have increased, which accounted for 220 engagements over the biennium (32.5 per cent of the total) and 33,539 workdays at a cost of $10.7 million in fees and salaries, making that department the single largest user of retired staff.
The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements and reviewed the operations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund for the year ended 31 December 2012.
The Disarmament Conference has been going through the phase of asserting its identity as the only multilateral body with universal membership for in-depth deliberations on disarmament issues.
For details of the 鈥淕ao Xingjian Arts Festival鈥? please visit the following website: http://www.gxjartsfest2008.com
The Committee regrets the fact that the Chilean Government has no plans to legislate in this area (article 6 of the Covenant).
An auto financing company shall not provide false financial statements, or statements in which important facts are concealed.
5. Pursuant to paragraph 9 of General Assembly resolution 59/15 of 29 October 2004, the present report includes the rejustification, under the executive direction and management and relevant frameworks components, of the following posts: Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Humanitarian and Development Coordination; Chief of the Communications and Public Information Office; Director in the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General; Principal Legal Adviser; Political Affairs Officer in the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General; Spokesperson; Political Affairs Officer in the Office of the Principal Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General; Special Assistant to the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General; Protocol Officer in the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General; and Administrative Assistant in the Office of the Principal Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
All the students are able to make the original on the basis of the most improved.
I. Organizational and related matters 1 - 13 3
More strikingly, some of our hopes for a new social order also crashed against the rocks of the new rules of the game.
(b) the marking shall be visible, legible, durable and resistant to environmental effects, as far as possible; and
I would like to remind the distinguished representative of Georgia that very soon, on 17 and 18 February here in Geneva, there will be another round of the Geneva discussions, where it will be possible to discuss the most wide-ranging subjects and put the most varied questions, including those contained in the distinguished Georgian representative's statement.
We tried to get a copy of her book, but there was none to be had(to be bought).
Permanent Representative
Venezuela 43
(a) With regard to the question of the maintenance of international peace and security, in particular the strengthening of the role of the Organization and enhancing its effectiveness, the recommendations in paragraphs 21, 33, 44 and 63 below, as well as the recommendation in paragraph 38 of its 2006 report and paragraph 13 of its 2007 report;
Some reported that those applying for demonstrations have been detained by the Chinese Government.
Eight of the 19 posts (42 per cent) were occupied by female staff members, compared with 35 per cent in 2011 and the target of 45 per cent for 2012-2013.
International protection, durable solutions and assistance to refugees
In the west, “Dozos” are in charge of the security of citizens.[5]
Cooperation with the United Nations was the cornerstone of Myanmar's foreign policy.
164. The Ministry of Culture of the Slovak Republic also has competence over two national edification institutions Národné osvetové centrum (National Edification Centre) in Bratislava and Slovenská ústredná hvezdáreň (Slovak National Observatory) at Hurbanove.
Item 5 of the provisional agenda*
Sexual Harassment/Defilement/Rape
54. While Myanmar is not party to the international human rights covenants, the right to adequate housing is recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The boy survived and the gorilla was given an award.
Head of the Japanese Delegation to the Special Committee on Friendly Relations of the United Nations
These are covered in paragraphs 2, 6, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 of the resolution.
:: Reporting back and dissemination of information to indigenous peoples after the meeting.
The border areas of Myanmar have lagged behind in development due to decades of armed insurgency, which led to the absence of an effective education infrastructure and created barriers to education.
You know, they say the water washes away bad luck.
So-called "phase change" materials heat and cool the body according to rapid temperature shifts, typically by using a paraffin layer that is solid when cold (keeping heat in) but more liquid when warm (allowing heat out).
Surely not.
Note 9
The onion flavours the whole stew.
An alternative to listing dental amalgam in Annex C could be to consider addressing it within an appropriate operative paragraph of the agreement itself.
(iv) Through collaboration with the Centre for Capital Punishment Studies (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), the African Institute, Washington and Lee University (United States of America) and Makerere University (Uganda) trained paralegal officers in Africa in August 2010.
1 year or less
Establishment and consummation of copyright collective management organization needs two steps.
nineteenth session, 23-27 July 2001
The regional geological fault was determined by the geo - dynamic zoning method.
At the same time, no specific funding is planned for maintenance and updating of BC plans in Santiago.
I winced, but went bravely on. " First let us examine the fallacy called Dicto Simpliciter. "
It is critical, therefore, that we invest heavily in sustainable alternative energy sources for the long term.
(f) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund on the United Nations Population Award (A/58/151);
"My Favourite 2003 Special Stamps and First Day Cover / Souvenir Cover" Internet Voting
In addition, Female-headed households consist of three to seven per cent of total households suggested by some other reports.
URGES the European Commission not to put pressure on African Governments to ratify the Interim Agreements without taking into account the concerns raised on the contentious issues;
 3. Calls upon all States that are already parties to Protocol I, or those States not parties, on becoming parties to Protocol I, to make the declaration provided for under article 90 of that Protocol;
These processes must be complemented by renewed efforts to shore up the prison system, where conditions remain unacceptable.
GHV2
- to Other Resources
CONTENTS
Fifty-fifth session
We been cooking like crazy.
Candy jar - This can be decorated any way your child likes
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities
These processes have had a proportionately greater impact on women owing to embedded gender stereotypes in the labour market, as well as the overrepresentation of women in the public sector workforce.
Lastly, there are plans to establish in the near future a national women’s council and a national monitoring centre for children.
He took our little group bowling, formed a little team, taught us how to keep score, and bought us soft drinks.
(b) (i) Increased number of national, subregional and regional initiatives, including pilot programmes designed to harness information for development
The Government of Eritrea once again underlines that force cannot resolve the dispute whose only solution lies in peace and legality.
(c) Providing annual updates of the rapporteur's report detailing the implementation of the strategy until such time as the rapporteur conducts a new visit to the State in question, or until that State undergoes a universal periodic review.
... '>18 O 54? xCa 0.61 Nd  0.26  TiO 3 [ ( 1? x ) BST? xCNT ] were prepared by solid statereaction.
This product is free of any chemical substances and is applicable for long time use.
Beside being a respectable woman she was a very sensible one;
3. Members shall, to the fullest extent possible not inconsistent with their national legislation, furnish, within the time specified by the Executive Director, statistics and information on timber, its trade and activities aimed at achieving sustainable management of timber producing forests, as well as other relevant information as requested by the Council.
2.8.7 Unanimous acceptance of reservations
II. Review of the financial situation
The right to food
Some related issues are being pursued in other arenas.
"1. Takes note of the report of the Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity, as submitted by the Secretary-General to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session;
So are you and he, Sweeties? Oh, hell no!
2. The present report is a triennial review of those recommendations, and describes the extent to which they have been implemented by the Division for Public Administration and Development Management, the Secretariat entity responsible for implementing subprogramme 8 on Public administration, finance and development.
Many of the people who once comprised the Western middle class are now part of the middle-lower and lower classes, and live more economically precarious lives than ever before.
Yangzhou is a little charming city on the Grand Canal.
During 2010, several capacity-building activities were carried out in line with the workplan for the biennium 2010-2011, including the following:
In that age group, many more women than men are medically recognized as disabled.
Ambassador
6. Since October 2001, violence has increased, particularly in Bujumbura-rural and Bubanza and even in the provinces where there had been a lull.
 The Republic of Korea is developing a series of new towns to provide satisfactory housing and living conditions for its growing urban population.
......y Everyone thinks highly of her excellent achievement.She is good at encourage ......
When he's making plays and hitting deep threes stretching the defense they're tough to beat.
Antol
131.I'll show you.
Friction always manifests itself as a force that opposes motion.
That's important because you know you can get excellent support, and the company is motivated to support the Spring framework.
According to media reports, non-governmental organizations such as ActionAid, Christian Aid and War on Want called upon the British Virgin Islands and others to create a public register of owners of companies hitherto incorporated without disclosure of beneficial ownership information.
Forthcoming official meetings
South Korea was the final stop on Obama's four - nation tour of Asia.
In its monthly distributive trades survey, 32% of retailers reported that sales were higher than a year ago, while 47% said they were lower.
Bring up the rear is Minglun Dacheng Hall , after Hall Minglun luang drive library.
An IBM PC is shown in the figure. Its primary hardware components are the main frame, the monitor, the keyboard, and many peripherals such as the disk drive, hard disk, printer, and mouse, all of which are hardwired to the main frame
47. At the 12th meeting, on 12 February, the representative of Mexico, on behalf of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, China, Ecuador, Guatemala, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Peru, Romania and Tunisia, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Comprehensive and integral international convention to promote and protect the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities" (subsequently issued in E/CN.5/2004/L.5), which read:
38. In the view of that same delegation, the conflict in the summer of 2006 would not have occurred if Security Council resolution 1559 (2004) had been implemented.
Organization of the intergovernmental process;
Many potential returnees will take a wait-and-see approach.
National staff
In many countries, unaccompanied and separated children are routinely denied entry to or detained by border or immigration officials.
(a) - d) The review under way at present has involved the first draft of proposed legislation and is awaiting comments from legal and financial departments and others that consider their areas may be affected.
Just over 10% of the state subsidy for liberal adult education (study associations and folk high schools), totalling SEK 3.2 billion, is used to facilitate education for persons with disabilities.
Public thematic report was drafted and submitted for approval by the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General as of December 2009; final approval of the report was pending comments from the Haitian Government
On 28 April 2005, four F-4 Turkish military aircraft coming in one formation and one Turkish military aircraft of unknown type entered the FIR of Nicosia, carrying out two violations of international air traffic regulations and one violation of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, as follows:
Among the numerous incidents of Palestinians, in particular children, being killed by the Israeli occupying forces over the past three weeks was the tragic death of 12-year-old Ahmad Al-Khatib.
The technique can be used to separate or analyze mixtures (e. g. of proteins or nucleic acids).
Montenegro had taken action to protect minority rights and combat discrimination, improve work on children's education and health and has contributed to international cooperation in the field of trafficking in persons.
258. On 18 September, under a compromise agreement, the three Jewish families who had moved into a building in Ras al-Amud voluntarily left the houses they had occupied, but were to be replaced by 10 yeshiva students and an additional 10 security and maintenance men the following day.
Expected accomplishment 3.4: Progressive elimination of the recruitment and use of child soldiers and other grave violations of children's rights committed by the parties to the conflict
Nana's in the house to let you know What I see is how I feel and damn I'm alone.
Ecuador
Otto of Greece
II. WOMEN IN THE SECRETARIAT
19. The Forensic Unit, which is supervised and managed by the Operations Commander, comprises the Forensic Project Manager (P-4), the Forensic Crime Scene Examiner (P-4), the Forensic Anthropologist (P-3), the Engineer (P-3) and the Logistics Officer (P-3).
Can this enhance or does it decrease competitiveness in the ICT services industry?
 Publications: Author of more than 25 papers and articles in the field of social policy and crime prevention and detection.
None of the members of the delegation had at any time engaged the citizenry to hear what constitutional issues were of concern to them.
UNODC continues to be highly dependent on voluntary funding (90 per cent) and requires adequate, predictable and sustainable resources in order to fulfil its mandates effectively.
There are also economic incentives for the Russia-Turkey pairing, including about $30 billion in annual trade.
2. Role of the operator and of the State in the allocation of loss
(b) Maintenance of the Secretariat's ICT strategy and the knowledge management, resource management and infrastructure management strategies;
The law should provide that after default the secured creditor is entitled to possession of a tangible encumbered asset.
Of course a person who has a good memory will make better progress.B: What about grammarA: Grammar is useful, but it is wrong to imagine that one can learn to speak a foreign language by rules of grammar.B: Maybe, but many people feel they need some kind of guide and claim that grammar is it.A: Of course, grammar is of help, but it isnt everything.
For example, you can set the grid to match the size of ceiling tiles.
12. In addition to ST/SGB/2003/9, which stipulated a no-smoking policy at United Nations Headquarters as early as 2003, an information circular was issued on 10 August 2009 on the no smoking policy at United Nations Headquarters premises (ST/IC/2009/29).
It will probably become all the more vital to tap into the engineering potential of China as the country's economic development widens and deepens, particularly as infrastructure investments in its less developed western regions bear fruit.
Mindful of the imperative need to keep under continuous review the activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in the implementation of the various United Nations resolutions and decisions relating to decolonization,
The policy builds on the significant work already done in the ACT Public Service to provide flexible and responsive work practices for employees, including: personal leave which may be used for caring purposes; paid maternity leave; flexible working hours (including formal flextime schemes); parental and adoption leave; access to part time work and job sharing; and access to home based work.
136. In 1994, the Special Committee, in keeping with its consistent goal of limiting documentation and streamlining its report to the General Assembly, recommended to the Assembly that, in preparing the general working papers on the Territories, the Secretariat should, where applicable, incorporate under separate headings those sections relating to economic and other activities which affect the interests of the people of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and those on military activities and arrangements in those Territories.
For period starting _
Simon Gauzy
The State party considers that such communications should be placed in the broader context of the sociopolitical situation and security conditions that prevailed in the country during a period when the Government was struggling to combat a form of terrorism aimed at provoking the "collapse of the Republican State".
52nd Systematic rape, sexual slavery and slavery-like practices during armed conflict
C. Adoption of the agenda
PHIL WATSON: And what are sales like?
Information furnished in conformity with the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space
competency directly depends on a firms strategic positioning.
CDs trained and put in place
11. From 24 to 28 February, briefings were presented to the Working Group of the Whole on the following topics: the capability-driven approach to peacekeeping; the protection of civilians; operational (including military and police) issues; the field support strategy; the peacekeeping-peacebuilding nexus; gender and peacekeeping; the legal aspects of the monitoring and surveillance technology policy; and personnel selection processes.
In addition to the common documents that were being considered under agenda item 3, the Commission had before it the report of the Asia-Pacific Intergovernmental Meeting on the Second Review and Appraisal of the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing (E/ESCAP/69/11) and the report of the High-level Intergovernmental Meeting on the Final Review of the Implementation of the Asian and Pacific Decade of Disabled Persons, 2003-2012 (E/ESCAP/69/12).
b. Parliamentary documentation: documents for the annual sessions of the Working Party, including reports of the ad hoc team of specialists on regulatory techniques and the Advisory Group on Market Surveillance (16); reports of the Working Party (2);
The Agency protested all of those actions with the relevant authorities.
It plays an important role in the implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, as several of the provisions of the Plan address it directly.
BM & F Bovespa, the Brazilian exchange , was fourth largest.
The modern image of a company is the impression that people have of that company as a whole .
But in contrast to some cultures, most Americans get their shower in the morning, so they can start the day fresh.
May warmest wishes, happy thoughts and friendly greetings come at Christmas and stay with you the whole year through.
A/60/428 Item 151 - - Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan - - Budget for the United Nations Mission in the Sudan for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2006 - - Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions [A C E F R S]
Please let us know by return what your experience has been in your dealings with them.
17. It should be recalled that while the Board has an interest in ensuring the implementation of its recommendations, primary responsibility for implementation rests with the Administrations of the audited entities.
Still, in the angle of development zones' construction, it describes different models of urban spatial evolution domestically.
We clearly support this new paradigm.
I don't know where to go.Where to go  Can you tell me how to go to the zoo
His breath reeked of tobacco.
It is thus written in such a way that any reader may consult it without needing to refer to the preceding reports and will find that the report can be used as a composite tool for learning about the situation of Colombian women.
133. The Board had reported in its previous report that no agreement existed between UNFPA and UNDP defining the specific services and responsibilities that were supplied.
XXVII. RECOMMENDATION Para 157
A variety of initiatives are now under way to alleviate the plight of externally displaced persons, by the Government of Iraq, host Governments -- especially Syria and Jordan -- and the international community through the efforts of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and other relief agencies.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 11)
Future work will also take into account other proposals, including proposals presented at that and previous sessions.
The 'wave' properties of macroscopic matter are not apparent because the wavelength is undetectably small.
If I go into a restaurant I'm thinking he knows what I'm eating. Will I order chips or not?
Cortaderia
Mandate: GA res. 68/166, para. 12
 Obviously, their arrogance, born of power, has prevented them from seeing that such an action is wrong and counterproductive - and so more bad seeds continue to be sowed.
2 - 2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber (NLB)
Benefits have been less tangible for stable missions, where relationships between specialist functional areas and field missions, as well as Member States are well established but a capacity to respond rapidly to crises is a constant necessity.
Geneva, 28 April - 10 May 2013
Taking into consideration the fresh commitment by the Group of Eight at the Heiligendamm summit in 2007, we hope to see the fulfilment of these commitments in full and on time.
She will also be the honorary chairwoman of the Avon Foundation that focuses on such issues as breast cancer and domestic abuse.
Overhead charge paid to United Nations
Please provide additional information on the practical implementation of the penal legislation to prevent discrimination (State party report, E/C.12/DOM/3, para. 33), including examples of case law.
Although there are frequent conflicts between the cultures they have brought with them from the "old country" and those found in America, most immigrants learn to adjust to and love their adopted land.
 33. In accordance with the United Nations budget methodology, the initial biennial budget is revised annually during the biennium.
States Parties may consider entering into bilateral or multilateral agreements or arrangements on the transfer to their territory of persons sentenced to imprisonment or other forms of deprivation of liberty for offences covered by this Convention, in order that they may complete their sentences there.
66. The Ministers stressed the importance of ensuring that the Secretariat meets the highest standards of accountability, transparency, integrity and ethical conduct.
The first is the promotion of best practices and the dissemination and use of internationally comparable methodologies.
[keywords: creditors-protection of, foreign main proceeding-determination, interpretation-international origin, relief-provisional]
It is therefore vital that the Doha Round of trade negotiations deliver on its development agenda promises.
The survey reveals that two thirds of members and associate members have action plans, programmes or committees dedicated to addressing the participation of older persons in policy decision-making.
In that connection, it was suggested that the words "the equipment and technology supporting an information system" should be replaced with words such as "the equipment and technology supporting the communications of the parties".
Buddhism is the State religion, practiced by 95 per cent of Cambodian citizens.
For further information on the Conference, please visit its official website at URL: www.polyu.edu.hk/mm/acbm.
No optical system is absolutely perfect.
Earlier this year, the Congressional Budget Office warned that the potential US growth rate has declined as a result of years of subpar investment rates, the aging of the population, and smaller productivity gains.
53. The representative said that since the June 2012 publication of the United Kingdom Government's White Paper entitled "Security, Success and Sustainability", the United Kingdom had been working closely with the territories to develop that partnership further.
Climbing the world's tallest mountain takes time and dedication, not to mention bravery .
In preparing the draft text, and in addition to the considerations outlined in paragraph 26 above, the work of the Independent Expert will also be informed by the assumptions she formulated in the course of her analysis of the consolidated data she has compiled in the course of her research:
Government agencies, local traders and transport service providers are increasingly being forced to implement ICT solutions to ensure that national ports and border crossings support efficient supply chain operations.
One time, I could not find Paro and was looking for [him] all over the place, says one caretaker at the Kirara nursing home in Japan's Nanto City. Finally I found Paro sleeping in one of the patient's beds.
Heavy - duty machine industry is one of the professions embodying country manufacture strength.
He'll catch up on lost time by working harder.
In Colombia, in collaboration with the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime is carrying out an extensive study on the juvenile justice sector in order to develop a programme of technical assistance.
The early stages of pregnancy, she was very careful, regular gynecological medical checks to ensure normal fetal development.
This problem is being dealt with by feminist activists but it is clearly a global problem that must be solved collectively.
Recalling further its resolution 58/315 of 1 July 2004,
Cost estimates
They also cover competition advocacy for the creation of a competition culture and the promotion of consumer welfare.
After several dozens years research and development, the eliminating shiver machine in clinical treatment is consummating day by day.
4. For UAV systems, the "range" will be determined for a one-way distance using the most fuel-efficient flight profile (e.g. cruise speed and altitude), assuming ICAO standard atmosphere with zero wind.
Connie : Neither would I. We could use some help, especially with Maria leaving.
Furthermore, the United Nations theme group on education has been very useful in coordinating donor efforts and has helped generate a common understanding about which policies and actions are needed in the education sector.
These funds will enable UNFPA to provide additional technical staff at the country level on an ad-hoc and time-bound basis, to assist with country office development and programming.
Sao Tome and Principe
Dismissal of 68 judges, right to liberty, independence of the judiciary - article 25 (c), article 14, paragraph 1, article 9 and article 2, paragraph 1.
The European Union called on the North Korean authorities to cooperate with the relevant United Nations mechanisms, including the Special Rapporteur.
You're damn right I don't understand.
29. The aviation support to AMISOM was enhanced with the provision of one additional Mi-8 helicopter to enhance Medevac and supply of rations in the sectors.
The Urban Anchor served as the unit within the World Bank Group for the coordination of joint programming with UN-Habitat.
Colour: Light yellow with subtle but vibrant green hue . Brilliant clarity.
He looked the other direction.
Monitoring of implementation by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of laws and regulations in accordance with European standards in the areas of trade, fiscal matters, banking, financial markets, pensions, energy, mining, transport, telecommunications, railways and civil aviation
I have my own thoughts about the web, but I dont need to share them with the world.
This has major implications for the design of medicine supply systems, including outreach programmes.
Report of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1132 (1997) concerning Sierra Leone*
UNOPS to, inter alia, address Atlas data shortcomings; account for historical project deficits; and obtain budget revisions before budgets are exceeded
We present a method for that by the identification of column covers of a binary matrix.
ILO Convention No. 189 concerning decent Work for Domestic Workers.
"The Council welcomes the efforts of the SecretaryGeneral on security sector reform and takes note of his report entitled `Securing peace and development: the role of the United Nations in supporting security sector reform' of 23 January 2008.
The programme will complement the work already undertaken by the Task Force for International Cooperation on Holocaust Education, Remembrance, and Research, a group of 20 countries that has been working with Governments, non-governmental organizations and civil society to introduce into school curriculums material about the Holocaust and the devastation that can result when hatred is allowed to spread and is even encouraged by rogue Governments.
In the hubbub of city life, it is hard for us to imagine the people and the things of the past, and how indeed these people felt about the world.
 The supporting entity could consist of three units: technical research; conciliation and arbitration; and the exchange of evidence.
9. To extend gratitude to the State of Kuwait for providing a contribution of US$ 3,383,000 to the Comoros support fund, in addition to setting up development projects; to extend gratitude to those Member States which have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Comoros support fund in implementation of summit resolution 230 (Beirut, 28 March 2002); and to call upon States which have not done so, to remit their contributions to the fund account promptly to enable the Secretariat-General to continue the implementation of economic development projects in the Union of Comoros;
Chapter 39
The decline may be attributed to the processing of complex cases, as well as to the necessity of limiting submission levels in order to prevent an increasing backlog by resettlement countries of cases for certain refugee populations.
had gone when i called her . 2.He is too excited to say a word.
There is even one book entitled "With a Little Faith" being published about him.
AIG's chief, Robert Willumstad, persisted.
45. Nevertheless, in order to promote universally recognized human rights and protect fundamental freedoms, it was necessary to establish democratic and transparent institutions, create favourable economic conditions for social development and address the modern problems that threatened the well-being of the population.
Introduction Mandate
51. Under item 7, the Council adopted decision 2013/232.
107. A professional Office of Counsel should be established for the United Nations, staffed by persons with legal qualifications -- at the minimum, qualifications recognized by the courts of any Member State.
- In the context of a 1990 hydrological mapping project covering the Arab world and neighbouring regions on a scale of 1:500,000, ACSAD prepared the section covering Iraq, accompanied by a supplementary note;
That clean development mechanism project activities in least developed country Parties shall be exempt from the share of proceeds to assist with the costs of adaptation;
(i) Assessed contributions from Party members
55. Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B (10 September 2001; 5 December 2008).
The teacher was a worthy man.
It explicitly recognizes that poverty reduction goals "cannot be met without considering the needs of disabled people".
We assume, in the absence of any statement by the Secretariat, that the adjustments requested in the draft resolution will not impose any new financial burden on the United Nations budget.
Another element of the mystery is the deftness gap.
F  songs
136. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone.
Has this been? released in the USA yet with English subtitles?
 "The creation of the World Trade Organization is a major step towards the full integration of all countries in the global trading system.
 At the fifty-fourth session, the working group was composed of Mr. Aguilar Urbina, Mr. Francis, Mr. Klein and Mrs. M\x{5dae}ina Quiroga.
11. Decides:
Sith
 The share of the development budget, in total, increased from 19.4 per cent in 1988-1989 to 38 per cent in 1994-1995, and it is foreseen that the ambitious goal of 48 per cent will be reached in 1996-1997, a step unprecedented throughout the history of Iran's economy.
17. The Government of Saint Kitts and Nevis has successfully promoted and registered cooperatives for farmers and bee-keepers in which women are participating as members.
Mr. Krasnov (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): Belarus believes that this year represents an important stage on the way towards restoring the former role and influence of the Economic and Social Council on the organization of the activities of United Nations bodies in the economic, social, ecological and humanitarian spheres.
FERTILITY RATE AND PERCENTAGES OF PREGNANT WOMEN, 1993-1995
i will always love you like a son, i can't absolve you of your responsibility to allard.
Distr.: General
(a) The formation of F-4 Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating international air traffic regulations, before exiting in the opposite direction.
Article 54 The construction and utilization of civil airports shall be subject to overall arrangement and rational distribution, and the efficiency of airport utilization shall be raised.
(iv) Interest accruing from the short-term investment of trust funds is credited first to the operating reserve to maintain that reserve at the agreed level (see para.(j) (x)), then to support costs to meet any annual deficit attributable to currency fluctuations and thereafter to donors' funds.
I held the woman very gently; she was as light as a piece feather. . .
13. Commends the high priority given by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to work on national human rights institutions, encourages the High Commissioner, in view of the expanded activities relating to national institutions, to ensure that appropriate arrangements are made and budgetary resources provided to continue and further extend activities in support of national institutions, and invites Governments to contribute additional voluntary funds to that end;
Saudi Arabia1
Timeliness of support
12. Take additional measures notably in the areas of housing, employment, education and access to social services, particularly to benefit the Roma (Algeria);
37. The Committee urges the State party:
469/1991, Ng
The Committee wishes to remind permanent missions that the deadline for submission of nominations for the 2012 Award, which would be awarded in June 2012, is Saturday, 31 December 2011.
:: Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (E/ICEF/2008/P/L.24)
It considered that the problems of the exploitation of child labour, in particular the use of young girls as domestic workers, and child prostitution required special attention.
healthy relationships
That means he found them, right?
It was a great cause for sure!
Finally, I would like to return to the Peacebuilding Fund to which the States members of the EU individually have greatly contributed.
The primary technologic factors to influence on beneficiation markers of furnace slag have been more analyzed.
MINPROFF operates a hotline, which enables victims of violence or anyone with information on a case of violence to reach the Ministry's services at any time of the day or night.
102. On 11 April 2003, the Special Rapporteur sent a communication to the Uzbek Government relating to the difficulties that various religious minorities encounter in Uzbekistan, including the following.
Although these suspensions are welcome, they have been unilaterally declared by both sides and have no defined duration or formal set of guidelines, as in the case of a ceasefire.
The bankruptcy court also suggested that if that foreign court declined to exercise jurisdiction, it would itself apply Bahraini law to rule on the voidability of the attachments.
All the parties to the bidding consortium in any form shall meet the above-mentioned requirements.
5. Similarly, Argentina would like to refer to the explanation of vote given by the States members (Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay) and associate members (Bolivia and Chile) of the South American Common Market (MERCOSUR) when the relevant draft resolution was adopted, in which, aligning themselves with the nearly unanimous rejection of those unilateral measures by the international community, they stated that their application did not contribute to the promotion of a democratic system or to respect for and protection of human rights.
New United Nations Transition Guidelines should provide an opportunity for more effective, actionable interagency planning and budgeting.
I once met a young woman who was sexually abused by her boyfriend. Ha had forced her to sex(he raped her), and she was mostly nervous about not being a virgin at her wedding night.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. ( Abraham. Lincoln America )
In 2008 the Local Executive Boards of the IFE sponsored local activities recognizing the regional diversity of needs and interests in order to promote women's participation in public affairs; these involved 42 events of varying kinds that provided instruction and publicity about women's participation and political rights, targeted at legislators, researchers, public officials, electoral counsellors, political party representatives, social programme beneficiaries, and representatives of civil society, totalling 6,966 persons in the 32 states.
Rodríguez Llerena told the Special Rapporteur that he had been approached by Ignacio Medina for help in getting a good deal for the purchase of a vehicle from Didea SA.
The programme has since resulted in a substantial number of rural households, and service centres being electrified.
This paper studied 4-axis CNC spiral bevel gear machine movement rules, and set up machine machining coordinates.
We dance a little, have a few drinks, and just have a good time.Te Yeah, that's why I'm here.
A day of general discussion is being organized for one such general recommendation during the fifty-sixth session.
An accelerated North-East Road Development Project is also under consideration for the development of roads in the northeastern region.
Faulcon looked doubtfully from him to Army man, but the latter waved his hand.
Minister of Tourism, Environment and Natural Resources
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 1300 hours, drove them off.
Donkeyboy
In addition, we processed 2,812 base-station applications for Hong Kong's eleven 2G and four 3G mobile networks, 73 for paging services, 35 for public utility communications networks, and 614 for private radiocommunications services.
The delegations expressed the need for UNCTAD to prepare studies and reports that would assist them in understanding international economic issues and to improve the skills of their trade negotiators, especially in the ongoing negotiations of the economic partnership agreements.
In terms of fundraising, Bayer, a chemical and health-care company, continues to be the main source of funding for the implementation of the Tunza Programme.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The information is provided in table format, with each table summarizing outcomes for each theme and its sub-themes.
The Deputy High Commissioner will oversee information management and technology operations throughout OHCHR.
Each story will take, and how much effort the team can produce in a given time interval (the iteration).
That gave the Red Devils a narrow 3-2 lead ahead of next week's second leg at the San Siro.
Iranian people convicted of murder
pour half bottle of wine into a beer glass, i began my meditation before sleep.
Natasha looked at them, and was ready to cry that it was not she dancing that first round of the waltz.
 (c) Day for secondary school health clubs;
Shaowu
In support of the broad objectives of greater transparency, accountability and sustainable results, the Forum received and endorsed a global action plan for statistics, the Busan Action Plan for Statistics, which proposed five priority areas for action that contribute to large and sustainable improvements in statistical capacity.
" This idiom comes from the above story. It means being in a very difficult situation at the end of one's tether
The financial statements reflect the application of the following significant accounting policies:
Projected expenditure for 2010/11a
773.I have got the license from the Bank of China.
Since June of this year, China has become a formal member of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering.
Building the information society in Asia and the Pacific
A reservation by which a State party limits its responsibilities under the Convention by invoking general principles of national law may cast doubts on the commitment of the reserving State to the object and purpose of the Convention and, moreover, contribute to undermining the basis of international treaty law.
He describes how one might document a web application like the Sun Cloud API using WADL and goes on to illustrate his idea with an example.
Report of the Multi-year Expert Meeting on Transport, Trade Logistics and Trade Facilitation on its first session
The Special Rapporteur would like to recall that paragraphs 144 to 147 of the Durban Programme of Action recommend that States should encourage the media to adopt self-regulatory measures to enable them to combat the use of the Internet for racist ends and apply legal sanctions against any incitement to racial hatred.
According to article 49 of the Estonian Constitution everyone has the right to preserve his or her national identity.
B's mother : Fashion knows not of comfort.
She attacked him with an outpouring of words.
For example, you can use the values of outer variables in child package scripts.
Learning transfer theory has had profound impacts on various lays of elementary education with its development.
Moreover, explore the status quo and prospect of objectification of the syndromes of malignant tumor and standardization of efficacy evaluation.
Keep walking straight until you arrive at the east side, and you will see the door.
However, I will not go back on my word, and I will give 45,000.
Selecting small molecular ligands or monoclonal antibodies to cellular receptors as inhibitors is an effective approach to inhibit virus infection.
Those could be overcome by a better understanding of structural financing techniques.
Watertown
Unfortunately, no one seems to be able to develop effective safe harbour rules that are satisfactory to both.
We must begin with a candid admission that the rising tide of the Reagan economy has not lifted every boat.
He was impressed by the coach, Pinheiro: "He scored goals that only a genius can
Under those arrangements, a multinational African force would have been dispatched to enforce security and stability in Burundi, a notion that was initially put forward by the Government of Burundi and was later endorsed by the Organization of African Unity (OAU) in Yaound.
5.sometimes i feel the life pass quietly around myself but i do nothing.
41. Improper expressions are present in the media: confined to a wheelchair or tied to a wheelchair, special needs and helpless.
That suggestion did not find support.
As part of its efforts to encourage voluntary repatriation, UNHCR launched an information campaign to sensitize refugees as to the continuing improvement of the situation in their country.
Item 2 of the provisional agenda
There is also a declining trend in the prevalence of HIV infection among injecting drug users, from 62.8 per cent in 1992 to 34.4 per cent in 2004.
(e) Reporting on performance as part of the accountability process.
The complete texts of all contributions are available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/ rights/adhoccom.htm.
Nevertheless, while countries in the traditional destination regions for cocaine continue to improve their knowledge on the specific patterns of cocaine trafficking via the Caribbean, that knowledge is not always available in the concerned transit countries.
In the past decade, the state has appropriated over 30 million yuan for the collation and publishing of 160 volumes of the Buddhist Tripitaka in the Tibetan language.
There was a need to consider some institutional funding, rather than relying solely on national or private company contributions, in order to maintain the minimum level of expertise in the Panels that would be needed in the future;
Agenda item 78
Examples of subjects portrayed in the 1,000 plus photographs were local prisoners, children, weddings, memorial sites and the remains of family members.
Although these provisions may be utilized in investigations of terrorist organizations, the procedures followed must meet requirements such as the existence of sufficient grounds to suspect commission of the specific criminal offences and grounds to suspect the involvement or complicity of more than one person.
2. It will be recalled that by its resolution 56/286, the General Assembly decided to appropriate an amount of $47,795,400 for security-strengthening infrastructure projects at Headquarters and offices away from Headquarters.
7 Craft and related trades workers
This directive prescribes the policy concerning the reimbursement of transportation costs associated with the deployment, rotation and redeployment of a contingent.
Facilitation/cooperation during missions
Being the core element of traditional Chinese culture, Confucian classics belong to China, and the whole world as well.
5. First session of the Asia-Middle East Dialogue on political and security issues and a survey of political and security developments in Asia and the Middle East.
Furthermore, the Committee urges the State party to make determined efforts to prosecute the perpetrators and underlines the paramount importance of prompt and impartial investigations.
Some of these organizations are already engaged in such activities, which should be supported by States and the donor community at large.
Preference-dependent developing countries such as the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) States are concerned over preference erosion.
During the Mission's deployment, intensive United Nations engagement with troop- and police-contributing countries was facilitated and supported by the Darfur integrated operational team on a consistent basis.
(b) Identification strategies: Each party to develop strategies for identifying products and articles in use and wastes consisting of, containing or contaminated with mercury (Stockholm Convention article 6, paragraph 1 (a));
Humanitarian Assistance Liaison Unit
II. COOPERATION WITH THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The existence of a modern insolvency law was a fundamental criterion in analysing country risk in the context of international investment and the financing of commercial activities.
The trumpet sounded for battle.
47. Ms. Amoah (Ghana) pointed out that the report of the Secretary-General on the observance of the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty, which was to be discussed on 31 October under agenda item 97 (f), had not yet been issued.
The code of conduct for companies explicitly stated that it created no legal obligations or liabilities.
(b) Ensure complete and accurate disclosure of non-expendable property and conduct physical stock checks on a regular basis (1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999).
For action
Actions and Challenges to Date
I coulda been killed. thank you.
HE WAS HURTED BADLY IN THE LAST MATC
Ten little ideas that can make a big difference Think of Sleeping Beauty and wake her up with breakfast or a cup of tea in bed  Write some cute little messages and leave them around the house for her to find
It was subsequently explained to the Committee that although the number of military personnel will be reduced, this will not have an impact on the number of locations in which the Mission conducts its operations.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
UNOPS fell short of this level by $23 million.
Summary
Springs are not always the same.
And on the bottom level, the floors have glass panels so we can look down at the ruins of the ancient Diocletian Baths below.
In close dialogue with Ambassador Moraes Cabral, I have decided to devote an entire meeting of the General Assembly to the consideration of the Council's report, and to consider separately the agenda item entitled "Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters".
Learn how to isolate your hips when rehearsing jazz dancing in this free video beginning dance lesson.
10 October 1998
Guidance papers for each Annex III hazard characteristic are currently being developed under the Basel Convention.
The State party should reinstate NGOs which were unlawfully shut down and should refrain from imposing disproportionate or discriminatory restrictions on the freedom of association.
Children and young people played substantial roles in the preparation of a majority of the national plans of action for children prepared in 2004.
It had initially left Dundalk on 14 May but stopped for repairs.
17. Decides also to apportion among Member States the amount of 295,777,333 dollars for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2007, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 61/243 of 22 December 2006, taking into account the scale of assessments for 2007, as set out in its resolution 61/237 of 22 December 2006;
The statement also said current operation and management of Gome everything will be all right.
Yet another suggestion was that, while, under article 17, if the registrant could choose the duration of registration and failed to do so, the registry would reject the notice, the commentary could discuss the possibility of the registry being designed so as to automatically insert a duration time.
Engineers have produced prototype engines that are driven by the force of itinol springing from one shape to another as it alternately encounters hot and
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.29
She works diligently on her most important projects first, while she's feeling sharp and creative.
Hard work is often a ladder to success.
Preparation of report
UNHCR will continue to refine and strengthen its resettlement procedures to enhance the quality and efficiency of resettlement submissions.
And we will announce your marriage and try to end this war between your families.
'If ever I can get aboard again,' said  I,'you shall have cheese by the stone.'
"May burning coals fall upon them; May they be cast into the fire, Into deep pits from which they cannot rise.
Jake: Talk to me about it at dinner.
The large-scale utilization of the local resources for this purpose could adversely affect the economic development of the Territories concerned.
Tourist attractions in Germany by city
China has signed new aid agreements with 17 African countries and protocols on debt relief with 14 African countries, exchanged letters on tariff exemption with 23 African countries, and signed framework agreements on preferential loans with 5 African countries.
Could you please tell me why you have closed my account?
Taking into account these notes verbales and the presentation made by the delegation, the Commission decided to defer further consideration of the submission and the notes verbales until such time as the submission is next in line for consideration as queued in the order in which it was received.
Friendly armies throughout the country can draw on this experience.
International Criminal Court Act 2002, No. 41, available in the database established by the International Criminal Court on national legislation, at: http://www.icc-cpi.int/legaltools/.
Every week when I get my paycheck, I always try to put fifty dollars in my savings account for a rainy day
At the same time, the ECB has gained considerable credibility from its handling of the global credit crisis.
Total, General Assembly and Security Council
11. In addition, within the framework of CSTO, an interim working group on information policy and security reports to the Organization's Committee of Secretaries of Security Councils.
The Summer Institute of Linguistics is a faith-based non-governmental organization committed to serving language communities worldwide as it builds capacity for sustainable language development.
Those shoes are just right in size
Sixtieth session
Next time I'll discuss OA with you.
Ireland 56 91
I would like to assure the Committee that the Republic of Yemen firmly believes in the total elimination of weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons.
Dominican Republic
The Committee is further concerned about reports of continuing use of forced confession as elements of evidence in court proceedings despite the illegality of such practice (arts. 2, 7 and 14).
It's long been a truism of Fourth Amendment law that the "reasonable expectation of privacy" test is circular.
The relevant legal provisions on the subject may be found in the Portuguese Constitution, in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, in the organic law of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in the law on publication and in several resolutions of the Council of Ministers.
Five-pin billiards
We polled the experts and found nine simple ways to put the nutrient punch back in your produce.
It is said: the first Christmas in the year 138, by the Bishop of Rome, St.
If I were forced to choose a bride, I would rather choose you, my dumb foundling, with those expressive eyes.
The number of staff in the administrative support area (the costs of which are fully Swiss franc dependent) has remained the same.
1. UNFPA: Financial, budgetary and administrative matters [9] (DP/FPA/1998/9, DP/FPA/1998/10, DP/FPA/1998/11, DP/FPA/1998/12)
The poll indicates that opinions on the economy may have a lot to do with that.
Beneficiaries of UNDP support in 2005-2006 included Afghanistan, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, El Salvador, Haiti, Liberia and Sudan.
Listen. How much time do I have?
The advantage of this stage of the review is that it allows the systematic identification of problems in the GHG inventories prior to the individual reviews.
Nyankunde: "ethnic cleansing" of Bira, Hema and Hema/Gegere groups
As societies modernize, social expectations for health are rising all around the world.
What about the underpants?
Cash assets
Concerted international support is needed to meet the immediate priority needs, including addressing food insecurity as well as facilitating the safe return and effective reintegration of displaced populations.
Military airlifts
The point was made that the Working Group would need to consider the more detailed aspects of ERAs, such as conditions for their use and their modalities, so as to permit it to complete its consideration of the enabling provision and general principles for the use of ERAs.
Article 12
An important objective of the programme should be to assist States in implementing recommendations of competent human rights organs such as treaty bodies.
The rules in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea governing the status of ships and their crews reflected universal principles of customary international law.
The meetings will be scheduled according to the sessions of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process.
Perhaps the Commission could ponder the question of how they could obtain diplomatic protection if their rights were infringed.
Dodge Challenger
Special Adviser on Myanmar
Union leader I think.
Illicit traffic in narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances
Participants in the Conference underscored their central conviction of the common brotherhood of all peoples and a vision of a global civilization enriched by the peaceful interaction among individuals, cultures, religions, perspectives and States.
Proposed for the biennium 2010-2011
22. UNDP has cooperated well with other development partners in strengthening local governance initiatives and has often assumed a leadership role in supporting donor coordination; however, opportunities for closer integration of partner efforts have been missed.
OK. How about tomorrow? It can be delivered within one business day.
 12. Based on information provided by the 25 largest contributors and the pattern of payment in previous years, cash flow projections have been made for the regular budget in 1996.
He's in the picture but his face hasn't come out very clearly.
Although Yan broke back to level the score at 7-7, Wickmayer broke again, and held her nerves to serve out the match.
Because I have them now.
As we ponder the second choice, between stability and fragility, we must consider how we can make our increasingly interconnected world a safer place.
 Noting further the Territory's dependence on imported agricultural products,
Prison/detention facilities
Political opinions vary according to wealth, age, etc.
Johnson said he would rather have egg on his face than deaths on his hands.
537. Furthermore, the Government has been funding several special projects to improve the health and expand the health-care services provided to Bedouins living in illegal villages.
The choir has sung only two verses of the last hymn.
In this connection, we propose the session of experts of corresponding ministries and departments to take place in the Secretariat in spring 2005.
A small chinese knot on the back of the seat - cover reveals strong chinese tone involuntarily.
He was stripped to the waist, revealing a huge chest overlaid with hard muscle. His arms were like the limbs of a tree
Thus, for example, the damage of sparks of a lightning enchanted boss is not included.
A mirage is an optical Illusionfounded on waves of heat.
Monitoring of surplus balance held in the special account.
One year ago, I spoke to the Committee about the plans of the incoming six Presidents of the Conference on Disarmament (see A/C.1/60/PV.14).
To my surprise, they can study in a hot day.
Corrigendum
He outsells all other salesmen for the company.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights*
In judicial detention centre U28, operated by the Federal Prison Service in the city of Buenos Aires, in addition to the presence of cockroaches and a lack of ventilation, the Subcommittee observed that as many as 60 people might be held in a cell of approximately 25 m2, with a single toilet and an open shower; many of them were held there beyond the legal 24-hour limit.
99. International drug control (resolutions 48/112 of 20 December 1993 and 58/141 of 22 December 2003).
One of those scientists is Professor Stephan Schuster of Pennsylvania State University in the United States.
During his six years in office, the Organization had administered over 900 million dollars, including 500 million for technical cooperation programmes, a mark of the success of UNIDO's transformation.
(a) The Secretary-General, assisted by the UNU Rector, is invited to initiate consultations, at an appropriate time in future, with contributors to the Endowment Fund with a view to securing their agreement to the central management of the income from the Fund in conformity with article II, paragraph 1, of the University Charter, and for the benefit of more coherent and integrated operations of the UNU system as a whole;
JUDICIAL MEASURES TAKEN TO COMBAT RACISM AND XENOPHOBIA
2. Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs
It's free.
The Working Group agreed that such an amendment was not necessary and could raise questions of interpretation in the context of other provisions of the draft convention dealing with notification, in which the proposed wording would not be added.
Dark Days for Children
:Would you like to play the piano or not. :If you gave up something, you must find something worth to be loved
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms (A/65/87, A/65/119, A/65/156, A/65/162, A/65/171, A/65/207, A/65/222, A/65/223, A/65/224, A/65/227, A/65/227/Add.1, A/65/254, A/65/255, A/65/256, A/65/257, A/65/258, A/65/259, A/65/260 and Corr.1, A/65/261, A/65/263, A/65/273, A/65/274, A/65/280 and Corr.1, A/65/281, A/65/282, A/65/284, A/65/285, A/65/287, A/65/288, A/65/310, A/65/321, A/65/322, A/65/340 and A/65/369)
Mr. Sattorov was kept at the Internal Affair's Department for 21 days. He was then transferred to a temporary detention centre; from there, he was transferred to a pretrial detention centre.
Subtotal
She also travelled to the north of the country, where she witnessed the signing of an action plan between the United Nations and CPJP to end the recruitment of children in its ranks.
The High Commissioner addressed the Committee during the seventieth session and informed it of the launch of the Plan of Action for three Geneva-based treaty bodies, including the Committee, and the establishment of a petitions team designed to provide better service to individual human rights complaints procedures, including the procedure under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
Requests Mr. Asbjørn Eide to update, without financial implications, his study on peaceful and constructive approaches to situations involving minorities (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1993/34) and to submit a progress report on the update to the Sub-Commission at its fifty-fifth session and the final report at its fifty-sixth session;
Even children born out of wedlock, in so far as they satisfy the requirements of the Nationality Act, automatically obtain Chinese nationality and need undertake no extra procedures.
The Service represents the United Nations in the International Civil Service Commission/Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions/Staff Tripartite Working Group to review the initial ratings of these questionnaires.
There is nothing to do now
Encouraged project participants to make proposals for new baseline and monitoring methodologies for types of project activities in sectors not yet covered by approved methodologies, such as transport, energy efficiency and district heating, and the Executive Board to consider such proposals with priority and to continue its work on elaborating consolidated methodologies for new sectors;
(4) Where any registered rule of a registered trade union has been altered or amended or any rule has been added to the registered rules thereof  and where the registered rules of a registered trade union  have  been  wholly rescinded or otherwise cancelled and replaced by new rules,  the  rule  so amended or altered or the rule so added or the new rules, as the case  may be, shall, within 30 days of the making thereof, be sent to the  Registrar in the manner prescribed by regulations.
Multi-Color Corp. created a rotogravure-printed, shrink-sleeve label.
Report of the Joint Inspection Unit on the United Nations University: enhancing its relevance and effectiveness
(j) Neighbourhood initiative.
Her imagination outruns the facts.
30. It was decided to delete the proposed quoted OECD paragraph 5.5, dealing with whether a satellite in geostationary orbit could constitute a permanent establishment, and to instead include the discussion of the matter in the catalogue of issues.
At its 10th meeting, on 9 December, the CMP, on a proposal by the President, took note that the SBI would continue consideration of this issue at its thirty-sixth session. Annual compilation and accounting report for Annex B Parties under the Kyoto Protocol
Logistical support for the deployment of electoral materials to 210 hubs and sub-hubs
In favour: Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Bhutan, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Chile, China, Congo, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, Honduras, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mauritania, Mexico, Nepal, Netherlands, Nigeria, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Sweden, Togo, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Zimbabwe.
To the extent that he may be understood as complaining of his inability to submit such claims in writing, as he was handcuffed while his case was heard by the Supreme Court, the Committee notes that there is nothing in the material before it to conclude that the author was not able to file such complaints from the SIZO.
A further review of internal controls will be conducted based on this process.
Baby snake: Mom, are we poisonous?
 Moreover, it was unacceptable to delete an entire paragraph, since one of the purposes of the Model Law was to harmonize legislation in order to promote international trade.
53. Calls upon States not to permit vessels flying their flag to engage in fishing on the high seas or in areas under the national jurisdiction of other States, unless duly authorized by the authorities of the States concerned and in accordance with the conditions set out in the authorization, and to take specific measures, including deterring the reflagging of vessels by their nationals, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Convention, the Agreement and the Compliance Agreement, to control fishing operations by vessels flying their flag;
I knew how much you wanted it.
81. The provision of $4,993,300 includes requirements for the replacement of miscellaneous equipment ($2,800), welfare costs for guard units ($21,500), subscriptions to newspapers and magazines ($114,500), production costs for business cards, official certificates, presentation booklets and invitations ($6,000) and uniforms for security personnel and guard units ($41,300).
At UNCTAD X in Bangkok, in addition to exchanging information on pressing issues of the international economic system, NGOs adopted a joint statement that was delivered to an executive session of the Trade and Development Board on 17 December 1999.
15. Lastly, the consideration and adoption of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001 was based on the assumption that all Member States would pay their assessed contributions in full and on time.
 "The first massive military operation took place on 15.7.1992 and since then, such operations have been carried out again in increasing numbers.
The Bahamas is the fifth most vulnerable country to rising sea levels.
184. Extremely poor persons receive rations distributed through State shops; they are registered with the Paros organization according to their degree of neediness.
We help him learn and master the basic knowledge of English.
VIII. Allegations of illegal fishing and illegal dumping, including of toxic substances, off the coast of Somalia
Overexposure to certain solvents may also increase the risk of Parkinson’s.
18. At the 518th meeting, on 2 June 2004, the Chairman made a statement outlining the work of the Committee at its current session.
UNITED NATIONS CONFERENCE ON TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT
ILO
Infant mortality trend
1 E/2001/26 and E/CN.5/2001/9.
In Europe, the Vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of God in the preamble to the proposed European Constitutional Treaty.
The industrial sector is also in shambles and agricultural production has suffered greatly.
Were you able to rummage out some old clothes to give to the man at the door?
Cooperation and coordination with other entities of the United Nations Secretariat are facilitated through the participation of UNODC in the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force.
Thus, neither the Department of Justice nor the MTD revealed any evidence of improper use of the equipment.
Later, she had an idea: She would pilot a plane to guide them in flight.
Inevitably claimants from the same contractual chain file claims with the Commission.
4.7 In the State party's opinion, there is no element in the author's escape from Turkey or in his activities in the Netherlands that provides substantial grounds for believing that he faces a personal risk of being tortured if he were to be returned in Turkey.
With respect to nuclear disarmament France has an exemplary record, one that is, as the President underlined, unique in the world.
 Relief supplies and commercial goods have since been delivered through smaller ports near Mogadishu, but use of these alternate ports is an unsatisfactory substitute.
The  Cabrera  farm close to the border between Mexico and the United States.
Contents
A total of 47 participants from 30 organizations had attended.
Implementation of human rights instruments
In 2004, six out of the planned 10 external evaluations - all of local development programmes - were conducted.
There was something original, independent, and heroic about the plan that pleased all of them
What happens to my accrued benefits if my employer's business is being wound up?
Camera batteries, laptop computer batteries and a variety of rechargeable battery pack Recruitment companies are regional agents nationwide!
Methods A retrospectiveclinic Analysis of 21 Kawasaki disease patients was done in the past 8 years.
But what was the life of the cowboy really like?
United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East
The programme staff will be distributed over four offices, in Bonn, Beijing, Geneva and Vienna, carrying out the activities presented in paragraph 4 above.
For the same reason it has been difficult or impossible to identify trends and to make any comparative analysis.
" And Andrea, after placing six pieces of five francs each in the man's hand, leaped lightly on to the pathway.
1540 Committee
4. Both reform and expansion of the Security Council should be considered as integral parts of a common package, taking into account the principle of sovereign equality of States and equitable geographical distribution, as well as the need for transparency, accountability and democratization in the working methods and procedures of the Security Council, including its decision-making process.
The fourth objective of the subprogramme is to promote subregional cooperation in drug control among States.
1. Where the law requires that certain documents, records or information be retained, that requirement is met by retaining data messages, provided that the following conditions are satisfied:
Portugal
It was believed that the author's stay in the Republic of Hungary would so jeopardize public safety due to the pick-pocketing charge and was, therefore, lawful. Comments by the author
Inexpensive and quality Chinese goods have proved popular with American consumers. The vast Chinese market offers great opportunites to American companies.
Fourthly and lastly, with regard to the international financial institutions, parliamentarians wish to contribute to the design of an improved system which is better attuned to the deeper aspirations of our citizens.
The resolution states that a future weapons-of-mass-destruction-free zone would commit parties not to possess, acquire, test, manufacture or use any nuclear, chemical and biological weapons as well as their delivery systems.
The first leap second was added on June 30, 1972, according to NIST.
1. Reaffirms its decision, in its resolution 5/5 of 22 October 2010, to establish an open-ended intergovernmental working group:
When I made the cloud the garment thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it, 1 And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?
(b) Initiation of dialogue with parties to conflict leading to the development and implementation of action plans to halt grave child rights violations;
Although many families became separated, people still kept in touch with each other.
26. However, strong reliance on imports can also represent risks.
122. In April 2001, the Government of Iraq made passage of goods between Zakho and Mosul contingent on prior provision of details on the consignments concerned.
The complexity of a possible intervention -- and the political divisiveness it has wrought -- could be too great to overcome this week.
The knobby excrescences at the left side of this vertebral column are due to degenerative osteoarthritis.
His well decorated hall makes visitors feel very warm.
Most of the representatives were able to participate in the regional conference for Africa.
After a certain number of points, the players changed round.
383. The Committee recommends that the State party establish an inter-ministerial body with a strong mandate and sufficient human and financial resources in order to ensure effective coordination between all actors involved in the implementation of the Convention.
In essence two reasons have been advanced against the inclusion of such a provision.
2.6 The Federal Court rejected the author's application for leave for judicial review on 24 March 2005.
Professor Louis K C Chan*
(iv) All other human rights bodies dealing with the question concerned;
Yusuke Kamiji
The sea brought fresh, slightly salty flavor of the sea breeze, breathe deeply, Shuang pulmonary heart.
In addition, the General Principles of Civil Law, the Copyright Act, the Trademark Act, the Patent Act and other laws describe in concrete terms the principles and practices governing the protection of the rights of foreign nationals in China;
10. The Vienna Group expresses its deep satisfaction at the entry into force on 7 July 2007 of the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism as the thirteenth multilateral legal instrument dealing with terrorism, and urges all States that have not yet done so to become parties to the Convention as soon as possible, noting that the Convention is an important addition to international defences against nuclear terrorism.
In sum, therefore, reasons cited by country offices to explain non-achievement appear to encompass the following: (a) over-ambitious target-setting; (b) rephasal of targets to 2005 owing to procedural delays; (c) postponing programme approval to enhance positioning with new governments; and (d) force majeure.
Important issues in the work of the State Council must be discussed and decided by an executive or plenary meeting of the State Council.
7. Lecturer, International Conference for Drugs Control, organized by International Drug Enforcement Conference (IDEC), B Group (Cono Sur), Buenos Aires, 25-27 June 1996.
Fairplay system can be said to be the dominant digital music DRM rights management system.
Over the past few years, the Arab Group has followed closely the discussions held in the General Assembly on the item before us today, entitled "Elimination of unilateral extraterritorial coercive economic measures as a means of political and economic compulsion".
Kodály körönd
It is impossible to do justice to the enormous achievements of Comandante Chávez in so short a time.
A great deal of non-profit developmental work takes place in a vacuum, without controlled monitoring or scientific evaluation.
contestant a large audience  talk of the town shaking all over  not a big deal beyond me
Permanent Representative
You are looking rather pale, are you ill?81.
 6.2. The majority of the world's countries are converging towards a pattern of low birth and death rates, but since those countries are proceeding at different speeds, the emerging picture is that of a world facing increasingly diverse demographic situations.
These pilot projects will be aimed at mobilizing and engineering public support to promote reforestation, revegetation, agroforestry, water management, rangeland management, monitoring and assessment, development of nature reserves, upgrading legislative and institutional frameworks and capacity building in selected country Parties (US$ 10,000 per country is estimated; 5 countries in 2004 and 4 countries in 2005 totalling US$ 90,000).
This picture needs to change dramatically.
White-headed duck
The groups referred to are at times described as national groups (Bosnian, Bosnian Croat, Bosnian Muslim national groups), at times seem to be defined in terms of their religious identity (Muslim communities), and may even be defined in terms of a blend of national and religious aspects (Bosnian Muslim national group).
Initial
GLOBE
 21. His delegation wished to emphasize once again the need for all Governments to have a further opportunity to study the draft Code and to consider its implications for the ongoing negotiations concerning the establishment of an international criminal court.
Above all, medium company should adjust a product actively to produce strategy.
Any enterprise holding the patent right may include the said money prize paid to such inventors or designers into its production cost; any institution holding the patent right may disburse the said money prize out of its operating expenses
The attackers stole clothing, credit cards, and identification from their victims
We are all brothers in the same fight against injustice.
One theory for this dramatic demise holds that rapid climate shifts at the end of the most recent major ice age, some 10,000 years ago, altered vegetation and broke up habitats, causing the death of those unable to adapt to the new conditions
He said it with an air of superior knowledge that irritated both of us.
General decision on administrative, financial and programme matters
To copy digital media content from an audio CD.
:: In paragraph 111, the mission reports that the militants of the Rassemblement des républicains and the Union démocratique et populaire de la Côte d'Ivoire* are said to have encountered threats to the exercise of their freedom of expression and opinion, and that a number of them are alleged to have been abducted and executed.
209. A large number of the military and police personnel at the airport exhibited serious and unprofessional lapses of military discipline whilst commanding officers failed in most cases to intervene promptly.
The Court of Appeal rejected the appeal finding the decision of the Commercial Court to be in conformity with the law.
Wells Fargo would take over Wachovia's asset-management and brokerage units.
His friendly manner did not deceive us for long.
But Johnsy did not answer.
Preparing and launching an Arab programme in support of nongovernmental organisations working in human rights, and cooperating with existing programmes;
Impossible to say
I don't know if I can get a good job in Los Angeles.
Comments about your clothes, harsh words about something you said, laughing at your ideas, or belittling something you care about are all behaviors that create tension and discord.
With a monthly cash outflow of some $51.7 million (comprising $40.9 million in staff costs and $10.8 million in non-staff costs) and an expected working capital deficit of approximately $119.7 million, an injection of some $155 million in working capital is required to create a safety cushion for the Agency's finances.
The work programme was proposed in anticipation of the availability of a number of associate experts paid by their respective Governments.
This will also serve to enhance mutual support between normative and operational activities.
(b) Consider ratifying the UNHCR Refugee Conventions 1951 and 1967.
In the future China will stick to an energy guideline that gives priority to energy conservation, relies on domestic supply, bases on coal as the primary source and pursues diversification, while making efforts to reduce energy intensity, further optimizing the mix of energy production and consumption and building a stable, economic, clean and secure energy supply system.
Local export numbers are also maddeningly imprecise.
China had been CoChair of the Inter-Sessional Meeting on Non-proliferation and Disarmament of the Asian Regional Forum from 2009 to 2011.
The four major concerns of our organization are: female genital mutilation, honour killings, early forced marriage and female infanticide.
Now ask yourself, how did you choose your friends?
Overview
63. Nevertheless, there are still many traditional decision-making systems that are intact, active and operate in parallel to hybrid governance systems in indigenous communities.
This program serves to educate the public and health professionals on the importance of screening and risks related to cervical cancer.
(AER)
The decisive step from a confederation of States to a federal State was taken in the first federal Constitution, in 1848, following the victory of the liberal cantons over the conservative Catholic cantons in a brief civil war (the Sonderbund War).
A survey of Australia's support for disability-inclusive development to date will be forthcoming in a companion volume to the "Development for All" strategy.
Ford is their bread and butter.
Madrid
"30. Urges all Governments to eliminate discrimination against women in the field of education and ensure their equal access to all levels of education;
Then all became still on board the ship; the helmsman, alone awake, stood at the helm
[8 (j)] Recognize that fulfilment of some legal obligations arising out of a new global legally binding instrument will require capacity-building and technical and financial assistance in order to be effectively implemented by developing countries and countries with economies in transition;
About a week after his death, she shared some of her thoughts with a classroom of students.
Mexican to Mexico
36. Mr. De Lara Rangel (Mexico) said that his delegation's vote in favour of the draft resolution, which was procedural in nature, did not affect its position on the substance of General Assembly resolution 68/304.
4. In signing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, Member States recognized the protection of human rights and promotion of gender equality as necessary components of an effective response to HIV/AIDS, affirming that: "the full realization of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all is an essential element in a global response to the HIV/AIDS pandemic", and that "gender equality and the empowerment of women are fundamental elements in the reduction of the vulnerability of women and girls to HIV/AIDS".
If somebody told you I was just your average, ordinary guy, not a care in the world, somebody lied.
Q. Is a limit to big the game can be?
13. Reiterates its concern about all civilian casualties, calls for compliance with international humanitarian and human rights law and for all appropriate steps to be taken to ensure the protection of civilians, and recognizes in this context the robust efforts taken by the Force and other international forces to minimize the risk of civilian casualties, notably the continuous review of tactics and procedures and the conduct of afteraction reviews in cooperation with the Government of Afghanistan in cases where civilian casualties have reportedly occurred;
(c) The effective implementation of procurement reform as mandated by the relevant General Assembly resolutions;
16. While project implementation in Geneva was progressing well, the initial objectives and time lines had proven too ambitious.
Wait in line Like the rest of us, you bleeping Moron!
Annex C
Mr. John Gale, International Energy Agency (IEA) Greenhouse Gas Research and Development Programme, identified two challenges for a widespread use of CCS: development of post-combustion capture of CO2 for power generation (3 - 5 million tonnes CO2 per year demonstration projects) and expansion of the pipeline infrastructure to a size comparable to that of natural gas.
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Belize, Brazil, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Cuba, Ecuador, Guinea, India, Indonesia, Jamaica, Kenya, Malaysia, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Namibia, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Panama, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, South Africa, Thailand, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania.
All countries should facilitate access to financial services for the poor and vulnerable by fostering a wide range of financial intermediaries which target small savers and small borrowers, microenterprises, including microfinance institutions, cooperatives, credit unions and postal savings.
Turkey
Reporting is carried out on a quarterly and annual basis depending on the indicators.
Mathew
The right to strike is prohibited in the case of members of the armed forces and police force.
With regard to the protection and guarantee of the rights of children and adolescents, the system of rights has the following structure:76
16. The Group met with a number of different interlocutors during its fieldwork, including the civilian and military authorities of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and other regional States, MONUC staff, national and international civil aviation authorities, traders, representatives of business entities, air and land transport companies and NGOs as well as former and current militia members.
Morocco was cooperating with many African countries in the area of infrastructures, drought and desertification control and capacity-building.
Therefore, what is critically needed to make progress with this comprehensive view of capacity-building, is support to move forward with the operationalization of the Commission.
And the masseuse often said to me that after massaging me she herself also wanted to have a massage.
Its work has a strategic emphasis and the organization has been intensely involved in the community media sector with the Government, the Bangladesh Telecommunication Regulatory Commission and other strategic bodies.
However, ministries such as Ministry of Justice and Legal Affairs, Ministry of Home Affairs and the Ministry of Prime Minister and Cabinet had no women in senior management level positions.
Item 2
Acknowledging that the presence of refugees represents a considerable burden on the resources and infrastructure of host countries, particularly developing countries, especially in mass influx and protracted situations,
 It has provided a crucial foundation for the country's recovery.
Birgitte Feiring was the rapporteur of the meeting.
Mexico's programme on gender equality, environment and sustainability resulted in a national gender equality liaison committee, which has influenced the operating rules of five government-subsidized environmental programmes.
333.Where are you going
In one country office, the loose practice of recording information on individual devices rather than in corporate repositories led to a loss of institutional memory that impacted the conduct of renegotiation of agreements with the national government.
Recorded information Recorded information about previously unscheduled meetings and consultations of the whole of the Security Council may be obtained by calling 1 (212) 963-8530, or by clicking on "Programme of work" on the website of the Security Council at www.un.org/en/sc/.
You can monitor the output files to keep track of the read and write operations on your files.
156. There is an Age of Majority Act, Chapter 46:06 in Trinidad and Tobago.
 (b) The Group also agreed that its report and the draft treaty text should be submitted to the General Assembly at its forty-ninth session in accordance with resolution 48/86.
Qualifications
Masked laughingthrush
4.6 With respect to the authors' claim under article 9, paragraph 4, the State party argues that it should be declared inadmissible as unsubstantiated.
45. In paragraph 414, the Board reiterated its previous recommendation that resident auditors at missions conduct reviews of the portfolio of evidence supporting results, on a test basis, to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the performance reports, thereby increasing their credibility.
(e) In general, the working group could recommend that the Committee take one of the following measures:
Account is locked out until administrator unlocks it.
Convinced that providing readily accessible information on the interpretation of and current practice with respect to the Model Law for reference and use by judges in insolvency proceedings has the potential to promote wider use and understanding of the Model Law and facilitate cross-border judicial cooperation and coordination, avoiding unnecessary delay and costs,
Supporting national efforts to build organizational and manufacturing capacity for the production and diffusion of renewable energy technologies, as well as for education and public awareness.
His Government was working in partnership with the private sector and civil society to ensure that economic growth proceeded hand in hand with the development of society as a whole, so that no one was excluded from the development process.
In addition, I believe that the reduction of global poverty and the achievement of sustainable development in many developing countries are vital for human security.
The mother and servant is preparing breakfast for you.
24. The Summit also reviewed the prevailing food security situation in the region and noted the improved production.
24. The high-level meeting provides an opportunity for Member States, together with United Nations funds, programmes, specialized agencies and regional commissions, as well as intergovernmental organizations, biodiversity-related multilateral environmental agreements and relevant observers, to consider, on the basis of the latest science, the status and trends of biodiversity, the risks that the continued loss of biodiversity represent for human well-being, development and security, and the necessary strategies and measures to reduce such risks.
Ad Hoc Committee of the Human Rights Council on the Elaboration of Complementary Standards [Human Rights Council decision 3/103]
The Committee strongly recommends in this regard that priority be given to those who are homeless or living in exceptionally substandard conditions.
The development of appropriate control strategies should be tailored to the needs of the individual country and region.
) Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money it lies in the joy of achievement , in the thrill of creative effort . (Franklin Roosevelt , American president )
You are too concerned with what was and what will be.
2. Like most international organizations, the United Nations has traditionally used a mix of internal and external printing services.
105. More needed to be done to protect children from involvement in armed conflict, sexual exploitation, child pornography and the criminal networks operating through the Internet.
Not everyone agrees that Canada's recent price increases are cause for concern.
 It commits the Organization to enforcement action; yet it is woefully bereft of such power.
10. Matters of a confidential nature in the possession of public officials shall be kept confidential unless national legislation, the performance of duty or the needs of justice strictly require otherwise.
The opium output in 2000 dropped to 3,275 tons, compared with the 1999 record level of 4,565 tons.
STURDYChildren need sturdy clothes, because they like to play so violently.
Expressing views is a choice for the child, not an obligation.
Feebly lying in bed and think, the stomach, I really hate you.
Donald  Barthelme  is one of the most influential innovators.
Usually, you have specific requirements from specific service consumers at design time.
Serbia and Montengro
Cambodia 14 November 1997
3.2 The author claims that the transitional period of two years and six months for the legislative adjustment of section 200 of the Enforcement of Sentences Act, during which he was continued to be remunerated on a discriminatory basis, was also disproportionate and contrary to article 26.
Whenever possible run your presentation from the hard disk rather than a CD.
The night goes with weighty step round yard and round earth. The sun's departure leaves the woods brooding.
The priests then brought the ark of the Lord 's covenant to its place in the inner sanctuary of the temple, the Most Holy Place, and put it beneath the wings of the cherubim.
Overall, delegations underlined the importance of transparency and consistency in adopting methodology and selecting data.
ADOPTION LEAVE
OkayJoey: I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.Phoebe: Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food You gotta scare people off.
In many countries, rural women and girls are disproportionately affected.
14. Following the closure on 31 August 2012 of the Brcko Office and the issuing of a Supervisory Order Regulating the Status of Legal Acts, the Supervisor no longer intervenes in the day-to-day affairs of the District, although he has retained full authority to resume -- at his own discretion -- the exercise of his authorities should circumstances warrant.
The Commission also collected evidence of undisclosed acquisitions of important proscribed missile components from a number of suppliers.
To help ensure that these essential commodities reach the communities in need, UNICEF is intensifying support to strengthening procurement and supply management systems, including as a part of overall health system strengthening.
Against the will and aspirations of peoples to live free from fear and the scourge of war, and against specific international agreements, they are pursuing a policy that runs counter to the efforts of the international community to halt the development of weapons of mass destruction or to achieve denuclearization and nuclear non-proliferation. This has revived the spectre of nuclear war.
After listening to the professor's eloquent speech, people applauded.
Observers for other States Members of the United Nations, representatives of organizations of the United Nations system and observers for intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations also attended.
(ii) The accused was previously found guilty of a crime punishable by death penalty, life imprisonment with or without work or a sentence of imprisonment with or without work whose maximum term of imprisonment was in excess of ten years;
1. Information materials and services
Appearing at least four times before internationally renowned arbitrators, the students argued on behalf of their 鈥渃lients鈥?in a grueling test of legal skills and knowledge.
I remember making a presentation in Zurich in 1994 about that product and no one there had heard about it.
With the completion of full liberalisation of the local fixed-line service market on 1 January 2003, all sectors of the telecommunications market are now open to competition.
(291KB / 11 pages)
In English.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee
Thousands of others have already been approved and await only a decision by contractors to begin construction.
In the present case, the Committee considers that the remedy under the Code of Criminal Procedure was de facto not available to the author.
In one response, it was reported that the application should contain an indication of each written extension of time granted during the arbitral proceedings before the award was made.
My first indication that something was wrong was that Granny became terribly still.
Israel must also implement relevant United Nations resolutions, including Security Council resolution 497 (1981), and withdraw from territories occupied in 1967.
At its sixty-first session, the General Assembly declared 2010 the International Year of Biodiversity (resolution 61/203).
Categorize all the legacy application in terms of the business returns they provide and maintenance costs the organization would have to incur to sustain it.
Alternates
Under the Pharmacy and Poisons Ordinance of Hong Kong, products containing either sildenafil or glibenclamide must be registered before sale and can only be sold on a doctor's prescription and under supervision of a pharmacist.
He may assign staff for up to one year against posts approved in the initial budget of the Tribunal.
99. The AIC is taking part in the United Nations Global Programme Against Trafficking In Human Beings which was established in 1999.
Traditional hand-operation of banking has been transferred into mechanization, semi-automatization and automatization.
 8.2 The State party recalls that "extradition exists to contribute to the safety of the citizens and residents of States.
It also recommended extending such compilations to other regions of the world.
The training guide was tested at the UNDCP Asia-Pacific Training Seminar on Maritime Drug Law Enforcement, hosted by the Government of Japan at Yokohama, Japan, from 27 to 31 October 1997.
Replacement of the President
At the very least, disqualify stocks with less than $10 million in sales in the most recent quarter
Our Organization has stood the test of time.
Good telecommunications infrastructure is vital to accommodate the numerous new applications (e.g. the Internet) available to enable enterprises to access and take advantage of international business opportunities.
(b) To place drug and crime issues in the context of sustainable development;
10. Before the current Constitution Order of 2009, St. Helenian Councillor Tony Green, in a speech delivered at the Caribbean Seminar on Decolonization in St. Kitts and Nevis on 14 May 2009, said that the Islanders saw themselves as part of the United Kingdom and that the Territory strongly believed that it should not be categorized as a British Overseas Territory.
The UNCTAD Discussion Paper Series, involving about eight research papers per year, will be a means to facilitate research by UNCTAD staff or outside experts on topics of relevance for the issues referred to in paragraphs 26 to 30 of the São Paulo Consensus.
Automatic text categorization is an effective method to increase efficiency and quality of information utilization.
This area of specialization is closely related to the work of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme.
that you would get angry with your friends, we can conclude you still care about the friendship between you.. The teacher likes the little honymounthed girl
2010/13 Annual report of the Administrator on the strategic plan: performance and results for 2009
UNICEF will also provide space and administrative support to the GAVI Secretariat.
In its resolution 2173 (2014), the Security Council welcomed the announcement.
Customer Service in the Delivery of Public Services: International Experience (Chinese Executive Summary) (March 2008)
Normal individuals will cool the skin and may experience some skin mottling on cold exposure.
Today, all the medical doctors treating fistulas in Mozambique were trained by him.
China
The need for accountability could be secured through a system of programme performance audits.
The intersessional working group held several meetings during the third session of Openended Working Group but did not reach a conclusion on the issue during these meetings.
III. Final remarks 24. The Committee would like the Open-ended Working Group to take into consideration the above comments, and remains available for further consultations at all stages of the negotiation process.
Despite the obligations under article VI and undertakings by the nuclear-weapon States in 1995 and 2000, the continued development and deployment of thousands of nuclear warheads in the stockpiles of the nuclear-weapon States still threaten international peace and security.
Two workshops to exchange experiences and assess social participation and girls' education activities
In its limitation it has created the thing which is limited.
This research complex currently accommodates 7 Government institutes, 16 Government-funded institutes, 8 Government-subsidized institutes, 25 private research institutes and 3 higher educational institutes.
(Let's dance) What you're doing' to me, girl, I can't hold back. Some hot stuff is all that I need. So why we waiting'?
19 Guam Annual Economic Review, 1998-1999, Guam Department of Commerce, Tiyan, p. 41.
1821
I must have been a big disappointment to her.
These cases do, however, illustrate the value of putting in place a formal rendition arrangement with the Mainland.
29. With regard to the production of agro-fuels, particularly in the European Union and the United States, he wished to refer the Committee to the report he had presented to the Human Rights Council in September 2008 (A/HRC/9/23) in which he had called for the adoption of international guidelines.
The word is broken at the apostrophe; otherwise, the letters following the apostrophe are trimmed.
5. Reaffirms the importance of the contributions and assistance made by developing countries to the other developing countries in the context of South-South cooperation in order to achieve development and eradicate poverty;
The following recommendations have been made with a view to respond to these requests.
One concept which is now widely shared is that of maintaining outer space as a weapons—free environment.
Life in a large pond is wonderful!
Military observers
Mechanisms to counteract violence against women
:: Upgradation of the hotline between the Directors-General of Military Operations
The fact is that by no stretch of the imagination can our Organization alone do everything.
Revisions to standard salary costs for 2008 are based on the actual averages experienced thus far in the biennium, by category and level, at each duty station.
Orlov
22. Given the above-mentioned points, the question arises of who should compensate for these damages and how the compensation should be made.
As a result, children may lose interest and become bored at school which in turn increases the risk that children will drop out early or even fail to attend school at all.
Four corrections relate to category "C" claims that were included in the "Report and recommendations made by the panel of Commissioners concerning the first instalment of Palestinian `late claims' for damages up to USD 100,000 (category `C' claims)" (S/AC.26/2003/26) (the "first Palestinian late claims report").
Cola and other drinks have carbon dioxide in the water.
In this connection, there are a number of bilateral and regional Agreements, particular by the following:
(a) Increased utilization of information materials of the Department
Given the landslides, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and associated problems, in addition to forest fires, deforestation and avalanches, that occur in mountainous regions, building training capacity in space-based monitoring would be helpful;
47. The protracted conflict in the Sudan has taken a particularly heavy toll on women.
after copulation, The drone is sacrificed by the queen bee,
O, Draconian devil! Oh, lame saint!
3-12 February 2010
But such deals lead inevitably to rows about what counts as a legitimate expense on which a profit should be earned.
Master Pay Scale Point 4 ($10,845) to Master Pay Scale Point 16 ($21,880) per month.
An expert workshop was held in March 2009 at UNEP-WCMC in order to explore the nature of gaps in knowledge and the use of proxies to identify significant areas in a scientifically informed manner utilizing the best available data.
With its current network of research and training centres and programmes in places as far apart as Helsinki, Macau and Accra, the University had reached a relative degree of institutional maturity.
People from Oakland, California
It records what you say and stores it.
I think we can reduce his rather lengthy statement to one or two essential points.
3. The great Jean Pictet is alleged to have said, "If we can't stop war, we'll take away the toys!"
Taiwan's Nobu Su told the Financial Times large-scale scrapping of older ships was needed to correct oversupply.
The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him, and every man shall draw after him, as there are innumerable before him.
1. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
This information is not representative as several factors influence the data, such as the scarcity of data, the various points of time the data were estimated, the different currencies, the varying currency exchange rates, local costs of electricity, labour and materials, and also the quantity of waste involved and the use made of the technology (theoretically, the cost of technology should get cheaper over time).
The diode current and maximum reverse voltage are calculated. The diodes are selected based on the.
However , deficits with the European Union, Japan and Mexico eased.
In December 1994 China promulgated and put into force the Prison Law, 20 of whose 78 articles are related to the protection of prisoners' rights.
Men attach more importance to marriage than women do, and there are fewer male celibates.
The government agencies didn't respond to requests for comment, and the officials themselves couldn't be reached.
It fuels discrimination and constitutes a threat to the security of others.
The first part of this agreement will cut about $1 trillion in spending over the next 10 years — cuts that both parties had agreed to early on in this process.
Tuesday, 20 January 2004
19 September 2003, Ghazni, Afghanistan
22. The new constitutional framework guarantees respect for and protection of the human rights of women and the promotion of full citizenship for women.
The Scuderia continues to top the Constructors'table , fourteen points ahead of BMW.
WFP
The use of board committees is, among other things, intended to enhance independent judgment on matters in which there is potential for conflict of interest, and to bring special expertise in areas such as audit, risk management, election of board members and executive remuneration.
When they call. a hero's what we're gonna give them.
Let no act be done without a purpose, nor otherwise than according to the perfect principles of art.
National Assembly
The deadline for applications is Thursday, 31 January 2013.
- distance between vibration source and sensor
I can't imagine these officials debating a motion about how tightly men should wear their ties. Wearing heels is a personal choice.
Date
Women have access to counselling on family planning in gynaecology clinics and through the Post-Natal Care Service provided by the Government.
All individual communication procedures are optional.
The space shuttle Endeavour has arrived home safely and NASA is defending its decision not to repair the gouge in the shuttle's underbelly in space.
Draft decision II
Argentina, Armenia, Mexico, Peru
Finland
Bearing in mind the purposes and principles of the United Nations and its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
Most of them have opted to develop national plans specifically for children.
The joinder of admissibility and the merits does not mean they must be examined simultaneously.
Their parents unwillingly [grudgingly] consented to the marriage.
GRECSA seeks compensation in the amount of US$1,125,016 for loss of tangible property, including heavy trucks, bulldozers, cranes, cars and other construction equipment.
Hello, Xiao Yang . So I run you down at last.
Implementation of the National Space Programme will lead to systematic development of the Belarusian space system for remote sensing of the Earth, that together with the launch of the Belarusian remote sensing satellite, could increase the number of consumers of space information in the country and abroad.
(1) Regular budget
The people are whipping up into a frenzy by the speaker.
35. It is also essential that the National Civil Police's organic structure be completed with the immediate appointment of its Inspector-General, whose responsibilities include monitoring and controlling the activities of the force's operational and management services, as well as its respect for human rights.
It was designed for the hardware, with the interface, features and networking tools built for the single purpose.
Poster and drawing competitions for schoolchildren on the subject of human rights were organized by UNIC in Antananarivo, UNO at Tbilisi and UNO at Yerevan.
For bilateral assistance, non-grant disbursements (including equity acquisitions) rose by 33 per cent from 2012, while grants (including loan forgiveness) rose by 7.7 per cent.
Different values are reflections of the philosophical connotations at rational intuitive and ethical levels between designing and the object designed.
Sponsors must confirm the English language ability of students and sure they are currently in school.
The Office proposed that it review the draft, and the Ministry accepted.
His delegation was therefore surprised that the Secretary-General's report had not included the withdrawal of all foreign forces from Lebanon as an indicator of achievement.
Borrowed and imitate, seeming to return is domestic shoemaking course of study is thematic.
49. At its seventeenth session in 2011, the Conference of the Parties agreed on the details for operationalizing the Technology Mechanism.
Article 3
You will be glad to hear it is not an inflammation of the brain.
28. The number of international migrants under age 20 increased from 30.9 million in 2000 to 34.9 million in 2013. All of that increase took place in the developing countries.
 Moreover, recognizing the need to further involve the people of Djibouti in the complex process of development and governance, we have an overhauled our political structure and institutions.
152. The representative informed the Committee of the establishment of a wide network of national human rights institutions, including the Office of the Ombudsman, the Institute for Monitoring Enforced Legislation and the National Human Rights Centre.
LL.M. (Hons), Diploma in Translation (English/Russian), Certificate in Teaching Russian, Patrice Lumumba University, Moscow, 1980-1986
Secondly, China has always been a unified country embracing many nationalities.
3. Proposals for enlargement of Council in non-permanent membership only
The farmer then understood what his hired hand meant, so he returned to his bed to also sleep while the wind blew.
About 7,000 years ago, man learned the vegetable tanning art.
Rather, the international community, including the Security Council, must take concrete measures to halt, once and for all, Israel's ongoing colonization of the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem.
54. Pursuant to the relevant provisions of resolutions 1284 (1999) and 1302 (2000), the Secretariat notified the Committee that 1,510 applications, with a total value of $3,180 billion, were eligible for payment, including 86 applications for oil spare parts and equipment, worth $60.38 million, which were approved by the group of oil experts.
13. The Chair said that the draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
The moment of going to that journalism college, for me, was more than college itself.
Rapid response
Documenta
The paper provides a preliminary surveyhow to translate the images and implication in Chinese ancient poetry.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations informed the Board that in every mission where a training officer was not present a training focal point had been established.
(c) Iraq had successfully concentrated uranium from its own ore and produced industrial quantities of feed material (UC14) for electromagnetic isotopic separation (EMIS).
The new settlements are given Arab names and local merchants are instructed to give their companies Arab names.
In the meeting, I want to briefly show my ideas by using the OHP (Over Head Projector).
Some like to play football others are fond of basketball.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a mechanical quantum superposition.
And by the graph way direct - viewing explanation, makes the procedure easy to understand.
Of fashionable network media get numerous sale and advertisement value how?
Our compatriots in Taiwan have a glorious patriotic tradition and are an important force in developing cross-straits relations.
They also attended the third and fourth sessions of the committee of governmental experts of the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law, held in Rome in 2009 and 2010 respectively.
6. Adoption of the budget.
The source submits that Mr. Matveyev did not receive heroin for sale from Ms. Fedorchuk.
26. Further takes note of paragraph 188 of the report of the International Law Commission, expresses its appreciation to Governments that have made voluntary contributions to the trust fund on the backlog relating to the Yearbook of the International Law Commission, and encourages further contributions to the trust fund;
Belgium
Finland's national five-year action plan on violence against women sought to influence attitudes and behaviour related to gender-based violence.
Note by the Secretariat on travel and identity documents (CTOC/COP/2008/13)
Equally, when the Chicago researchers looked at fish, they found that farmed prawns were even more carbon-intensive than grain-fed lamb and beef, with 30.86g per Kcal.
Country/region
Most women in Malawi are economically powerless mainly because of lack of access to and control over capital.
27. Industrial development cooperation: report of the Second Committee (A/67/441/Add.2) [item 24 (b)]
`Well, well,' I cried, `after all, we needn't trouble ourselves; for listen, miss, and mind, I'll keep my word,--if you attempt going to Wuthering Heights again, with or without me, I shall inform Mr Linton, and, unless he allow it, the intimacy with your cousin must not be revived.
(g) Request its secretariat to regroup regions and subregions in line with the current groups used for election purposes in the General Assembly.
Macedonia also aligns itself with the European Union statement.
“I have heard about what is going on at Merrill and Citigroup but I do not know about this French guy,” said Li Chao, who spends his days trading shares at a Shanghai brokerage.
You feel that power?
Despite his insistence that this is a commercial project, Mr Hu hopes to receive some of the government funds for the international propaganda plan
A ratio of 1:15 (one supervisor for every 15 staff) was established as a target for the United States Federal Government, compared to a 1:7 average span of control at the time that the study was undertaken.
:: UNEG study to look into role of UNEG and United Nations agencies in national evaluation capacity-development in progress Direction IV.E-2
The following conventions have been signed:
58. The Chair said that the draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
Travel back car is often the dusty, the whole body is were covered with dirt and mud.
Akasha is one of the many souls claimed by the blade, Frostmourne.
4. Notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act, offences listed under section 3 of this Act shall be deemed to have been committed in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines when
In this regard, the Group underlines the importance of the 2001 Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects.
The Treasury left no doubt that the resolution of the debt issue was squarely in the hands of Congress.
590. In the annex to its report for the financial period ended 31 December 2011 (A/67/5/Add.6, chap. II), the Board provided a summary of the status of implementation of outstanding recommendations from previous financial periods.
Eleventh session
Aside from lectures, work with the media, and research in the national capital she had made several trips to provincial areas, including a lecture tour on AIDS and child rights.
401. The lack of specialized personnel in the Embargo Cell task force team (particularly customs experts) jeopardizes the thorough checking of freight documents.
35. The Committee is seriously concerned that, despite the adoption of the Child Act (2010), which prohibits the passing of the death sentence on children, under article 36 of the Sudan Interim Constitution, the death penalty may be imposed on persons below the age of 18 years in cases of retribution, or hudud.
In the case of “instantaneous acts” (e.g. the shooting down of a civilian airliner), their effects may last for a long time and may be relevant in judging the seriousness of the act.
Ms. Leśnodorska (Poland) said that the change management initiative was important not only for donors but also for recipient countries.
If you don't, then you may face roadblocks in life.
The peasants say that in the late spring a cold wind blows because the oak-buds are opening, and, as a fact, a cold wind does blow every spring when the oak is coming out.
General Assembly
Reference is made to the research results of the Diaforsk Institute, where it is stated that: "We asked the teachers how they practiced this distinction in the tuition situation.
We need to intensify our effort to fight corruption and to prevent and eliminate its root causes.
The Chinese delegation stands ready to make its own best efforts to promote the start of our substantive work as soon as possible.
1. A reservation established with regard to another party excludes or modifies for the reserving State or international organization in its relations with that other party the legal effect of the provisions of the treaty to which the reservation relates or of the treaty as a whole with respect to certain specific aspects, to the extent of the reservation.
1. Follow-up of previous recommendations
So either you come with me, or i let certain people know your whereabouts.
With respect to paragraph 60, the General Committee recommended not to include item 157 of the draft agenda, "Need to examine the fundamental rights of the 23 million people of the Republic of China (Taiwan) to participate meaningfully in the activities of the United Nations specialized agencies".
The country has a surface area of 11,437 square kilometres and a population of some 1.67 million inhabitants, the overwhelming majority of whom are concentrated in the city of Doha (figure 2).
Advice, in collaboration with UNDP, to the judiciary on the recruitment of 10 resident magistrates
15.1.4 States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law relating to the movement of persons and the freedom to choose their residence and domicile.
A draft decision for the consideration of the Council is set out in annex II to the present note.
Of course not!
32. The site in Jiyous near Kalkilya is typical.
Some items were labelled as faulty while others were damaged.
At the office level, Field Operations Managers are responsible for the direct provision of day-to-day support to the clients within their areas, including the military and the formed police units.
We hope that the next Conference of the Parties (COP), to take place in Cancún, Mexico, will enable us to make substantive progress in that area.
Credits to Member States
19. Electronic Data-Processing Officer (P-3).
(b) United Nations Institute for Training and Research
Provide for a more extensive review of the inventory for key source categories, as well as source categories where significant changes in methods or data have been made;
If we are seeking God merely because we are tired of this world and its miseries, then it is an escape.
ECLAC and CARICOM collaboration in the area of science and technology spans a number of fields, including competitiveness, marine affairs, agriculture and energy.
In the same period, the share of income earned by the richer 10% fell from 47.2% to 45.0%, while the share of income earned by the richest 1 percent fell from 13.8% to 12.8%.
To have informational value, data must be organized, transformed and presented in a way that provides meaning also to non-experts.
The Non-Aligned Movement will continue to support the Palestinian people and its leadership in bringing an end to the Israeli occupation begun in 1967, in accordance with the rules and principles of international law and the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Type of funding
Acute myocardial infarction
STAGE REACHED IN THEIR CONSIDERATION
Benin
Washington's main weapon: its threat to slash financial support for London, whose economy had been battered by World War II.
 We must all show good faith.
(c) Taking into account the nature of the problems at hand and analysing the consequences of not addressing effectively anticompetitive practices on industry performance and consumer welfare in developing countries and economies in transition;
2006./21 United Nations Development Fund for Women
Fundamentally what we need is for the leaders to come out now to set the tone for the whole deal.
17 January - 4 February 2011
Afrin Canton
Article 31 Units producing and supplying energy shall provide energy to energy-using units in accordance with the provisions of laws, regulations and contracts.
 (f) Non-governmental organizations should cooperate in conducting educational programmes, including human rights education for all children who do not receive a full basic education;
Radio Network as the carrier of video and other content providers.
(b) That all official documents of the municipality (including birth certificates, death certificates, marriage certificates, diplomas, etc.) will be made available in the Turkish language and alphabet;
Thirty-six soldiers and one civilian were also treated for shrapnel and gunshot wounds in various parts of the city of Homs and the surrounding countryside.
Saudi Arabia
Besides the traditional concert, each kind of music festival also assumes potential of the blowout.
storage tank without proper
and after unloading, cooling, cutting and inspecting the hot pressed fiber plate, packaging and delivering the fiber plate into a warehouse.
Gates wouldn't say outright what he wanted to do with a given program; that way, no one would have details to leak.
The victim died/sustained permanent disability from the incident, or the injury sustained by the victim gave rise to at least 3 days' hospitalization/sick leave as certified by a registered medical practitioner/registered Chinese medicine practitioner.
Methodological problems or differences are another possible explanation.
(b) Provision of legal advice, including researching legal issues, drafting legal decisions and correspondence, negotiating and drafting agreements, and providing legal advice to the Registrar and Mechanism staff, and, with respect to the management of the archives, ensuring the application of appropriate security classification levels, assisting with the judicial review of records, reviewing judicial orders related to confidentiality and declassification, and providing legal advice in relation to requests for access;
The Data Protection Act ensures protection of the right to privacy.
Presently a dog set up a long, lugubrious howl just outside -- within ten feet of them.
Regarding the return of confiscated assets, one speaker stressed the importance of the possibility of waiving the requirement of a final judgement set out in article 57 of the Convention.
UNFICYP: United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus
The deficiencies of current arrangements are why the world monetary system should be based on a truly global reserve currency: a fiduciary currency backed by the world’s central banks.
The latter deficit reduced the Agency's working capital by more than half.
(c) To incorporate the family and community health model, based on health promotion through an intersectoral approach, community mobilization and participation and interculturalism key aspects of the Zero Malnutrition goal;
Jump on board a local fishing boat and cruise to the offshore coral island or locally known as Kho Larn (Coral Island).
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned that child victims of the offences under the Optional Protocol may not always be considered and treated in practice as victims as provided for in article 8 of the Optional Protocol and that insufficient measures are taken to prevent the marginalization and stigmatization of child victims.
In a thematic approach, provisions of the current text would be discussed as they relate to each key area of concern, rather than sequentially as they appear in the text.
and you weren't trying to steal my reason for existing.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
In an informal poll of my friends and colleagues, I discovered that no one remembered the mascot of the 1988
put him to death!
One representative of an Article 5 Party in Africa made the observation that a multinational agrochemical company had been discovered testing genetically modified organisms in his country.
R ead,study and learn about everything important in your life.
Fellow citizens, above yur national, tumultuous joy, I hear the mournful wail of millions!
Both interpretations and verbatim records rely upon the statement actually delivered, but copies of texts help interpreters to correctly render details and nuances and help verbatim reporters to produce the written record more quickly.
Democracy is not like a switch that can be turned on and off when it is convenient.
I saved as much as I could, and my mum made up the rest of the money.
The gender adviser will focus on only one or, in some cases, two countries.
A: By the way, how is your business going
The recommendation builds on those contained in the report of the Secretary-General on measures to improve further the effectiveness, harmonization and reform of the treaty body system (A/66/344).
2. Requests the Emergency Relief Coordinator to continue his efforts to strengthen the coordination of humanitarian assistance, and calls upon relevant United Nations and other relevant intergovernmental organizations, as well as other humanitarian and relevant development actors, to continue to work with the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the Secretariat to enhance the coordination, effectiveness and efficiency of humanitarian assistance;
After all, as the President, he was the commander - in - chief .
In the opinion of OIOS, this achievement is significant, particularly in view of the higher number of vacancies filled during 2002.
Investment in alternative non-custodial measures such as restorative justice was needed.
In recent years, the international community has made many efforts and achieved some progress in seeking solutions.
Euro2 089.03
Informal consultations of the plenary on the Peacebuilding Commission1
In that regard, the industrialized countries should sharply reduce or eliminate the subsidies provided for commodities which were also grown in the developing countries.
The UK keeps decisions on asset freeze cases under review.
Casual observers may think that most Africans get their medicines cheaply through government health clinics.
Bhutan is already working on improving the existing civil registration system through the development of Standard Operating Procedures for birth and death registration.
After you import a database, you must declare the cross-database references in the properties of the project to resolve warnings.
The lack of monitoring and evaluation systems, which would include data collection and indicators, among others, does make it difficult to assess effectiveness and also the impact of measures and interventions adopted.
Counsellor, Permanent Mission of Japan to the International Organizations in Geneva, in charge of human rights, humanitarian assistance, International Labour Organization, World Health Organization, WIPO, International Telecommunication Union
Recognizing further the overriding call for a greater transparency of the Centre's activities,
This age limit tolerates no exception;
Target 2012-2013: 90
30. Increased global attention to malaria contributed to greater flows of resources, allowing scaling-up of interventions.
The following agenda items were approved:
After the White House meeting, Boehner and Reid met again, privately, at the U.S. Capitol to try to craft a plan that could win enough votes to be approved by Congress.
As soon as the Commission completed its first reading of the draft articles on “prevention”, it should proceed to the issue of “liability”.
However, the same slice of income will not be charged to tax twice. Normally rental income will be assessed as part of the profits subject to Profits Tax.
All patients had an eventful postoperative process without severe surgical complications.
The Government of the Central African Republic calls on the international community, United Nations agencies and donors to provide increased support for its effort to achieve economic rehabilitation and development in north-eastern Central African Republic.
631. While capital punishment was in accordance with Islamic laws, Kuwait had not applied the death penalty for some time.
She could never arrange her thoughts in fluent order.
And loreen, nettie's best friend.
When I sat down my husband smiled at me and said, "That is why God gave you to me honey. . . to give me hope" .
All nations and peoples are working to meet that undeniable need.
42. In response to these observations, Dr. Marks reiterated the potential role and function of regional organizations, some of which had already noted and discussed all the issues considered during the expert consultation.
Regional groupings are expected to resolve any concerns within their constituency regarding the identification of potential officers to be nominated.
United Nations Volunteers: increase of one United Nations Volunteer
Principal Officer
Chen, claimed it was defective, despite damage that looked suspiciously like the result of a head-on collision.
Nepal conducted a gender audit of its ministries of finance, health, education and agriculture.
It is the view of the Monitoring Group that ICU is fully capable of turning Somalia into an Iraq-type situation, replete with roadside and suicide bombers, assassinations and other forms of terrorist and insurgent-type activities.
The seminar, the conference, the lecture, the panel discussion on the radio ------ how fine, how liberating, how instructive they are to us all, to the participants and to those at their receiving sets.
Let my lover come into his garden and taste its choice fruits
As he straddled his bi cycle again he felt ill at ease, almost a sense of premonition.
It risks stymieing its own progress by giving the central government too much input.
A lion once fell in love with a beautiful girl, so he went to her parents and asked them to marry her to him.
In January 2004, a Chinese national workshop held on the project in Dalian resulted in a debate between the partners from the pilot sites and policy makers on main policy recommendations regarding urban poverty alleviation among young migrants.
Tess, who was reaching up to get the tea-things from the corner-cupboard, did not hear these commentaries.
And he took butter, and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat.
Instead of a beaming show of unity, Carter got only a grudging handshake.
38. Older persons facing technological change without education or training can experience alienation.
No advance documentation
Merle-Leignec
In that regard, the Commission also noted that the slow progress in the United Nations common system towards achieving gender balance was not consistent with the general trends seen in some regions, where the rates of progress were significantly higher.
Life has taught me to think, but thinking has not taught me to live.(
Enterprises such as agricultural or forest farms which have provided placement for returned overseas Chinese may, in accordance with their needs, set up schools and medical care and health institutions in a rational way, to which the state shall give support and aid with respect to personnel, facilities and funds.
The representative of the United States of America said that her country had a variety of trade and development programmes for Africa, and expressed its total commitment to working with African partners for the region's growth and prosperity.
The Chairman (spoke in Spanish): That concludes the second phase of the Committee's work.
The third bullet point of draft guideline 3.2 reflected practice and corresponded to paragraph 5 of the preliminary conclusions.
But when that ancient continent broke up, life got lusher .
Natural abilities are like natural plants, that need pruning by study; and studies themselves do give forth direction too much at large, except they be bounded in by experience.
The current annual session was a first step towards fine-tuning the Commission's approach in changing the global policy environment in support of national peacebuilding efforts, and it was appropriate that it had been dedicated to resource mobilization.
Elements of favourable investment climate
24.35 The subprogramme is the responsibility of the Office of Information and Communications Technology, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 63/262.
If the trust property is enforced against the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the trustor, trustee or beneficiary has the right to make an objection to the people's court
Eminent community leaders
Paraguay
Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
With the increasing danger of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction falling into the hands of terrorists, we see the necessity for, and we support, measures to strengthen the non-proliferation regime, including measures to ensure compliance.
He threatened to close the girl's face in.
The Mark III had a very long hood, a short rear deck.
How he got the job: Worked hand-in-glove with Grove for 24 years
II. COUNTRY VISIT METHODOLOGY 20 - 27 8
24.18 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Department of Operations, which embraces the various regional operations.
Sjiamsiah Achmad (Asia)
In November 2007, a delegation from the Secretariat-General was dispatched, consisting of the director of the African department and the head of the Arab League mission to Somalia to consult on the latest developments and formulate a plan of action for the convening of a meeting of the Somali committee in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in implementation of the summit resolution (Riyadh, 2007) on bringing together all Somali political, religious and civil forces.
Elimination of the expenses for land acquisition because insufficient information was provided to support these expenses.
I don't go a bundle on her new dress.
You can't defeat the enemy without knowing him
Mr. Wang Qun (China) (spoke in Chinese): I would like to discuss a few points of principle regarding the issue of an FMCT.
It was a long way
The endless diplomatic wrangling will of course exact a price in the suffering of the local populations.
Right now, we have to deal with this situation.
Haefner said sometimes women simply don't know how to report incidents and that companies need to communicate clearly what their policies are.
Asha
In those decisions where the General Assembly, in its resolution 67/226, gave precise deadlines for action, the baselines and the targets are already available.
Criticism is a way of life.
25. Mr. De Wolf (Belgium), speaking on behalf of the European Union; the candidate countries Croatia, Iceland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia; the stabilization and association process countries Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia; and, in addition, Armenia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine, said that the new system of administration of justice, comprising formal and informal components and conceived as being independent, transparent, professional, adequately resourced and decentralized, provided substantially better recourse to justice for staff members.
Hongkong Post e-Cert (Personal)
86. The Committee recommends that the State party, in order to further strengthen the fulfilment of children's rights, ratify the core United Nations human rights treaties and their Optional Protocols to which it is not yet a party, namely the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families, the Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance and the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
National staff deployed in Kuwait
2.2 Enquiry of the Value-added Tax
:: Provision of advice to 6 missions on engineering design provided through an online engineer database and workspace, online groove community access and mission visits, if required
2. Address by His Excellency Mr. Natsagiin Bagabandi, President of Mongolia
Albussac
The two groups met for the first time in Nairobi on 7 May 2003 and agreed to commence humanitarian operations along two key cross-line road routes and by river barge from Malakal to Juba. The same Government of the Sudan/SPLM/United Nations working groups will meet monthly to monitor progress and to agree on further solutions, including the opening of other road routes and possibly the Babanusa-Wau rail corridor.
In 2003, the number of people participating in the basic old-age insurance scheme across China reached 155.06 million, 116.46 million of whom were employees.
12. At the international level, the Bureau pursued its efforts to promote the basic tenets of humanitarian action in emergency situations as an exercise in international standard-setting.
They are attracted there by chemical signals that released by other cell's immune system or by invading microbes.
Mr. Li Shuxin
Eg. she appealed to the high court against her sentence.
Given the new system' structure and following the administrative-territorial reform, the Division for equal opportunities within the Department for social assistance was reorganized as well.
This will greatly enhance the efficiency of the Mechanism from the beginning.
Conduct of recognition visits to 20 Member States and regional organization peacekeeping courses to recognize/monitor for standardization of content
2. Each State Party shall take such measures as may be necessary to enable the identification, tracing, freezing or seizure of any item referred to in paragraph 1 of this article for the purpose of eventual confiscation.
How that might play out is as unpredictable as the sheep. Until it happens, I suppose we're left merely to wonder. . . and perhaps dream.
Economic independence project
`Our Special Correspondent in the Day after To-morrow reports,' the Journalist was saying--or rather shouting--when the Time Traveller came back.
95.3. Accede to CRPD (Iraq);
The review team considered these as steps in the right direction and invited the national authorities to continue encouraging cooperation with the private sector.
For this benchmark, this technique can be accomplished by looking at the execution times of the Power test and the Throughput test.
This is equally applicable to peacekeeping operations and other offices as envisaged in the same report and General Assembly resolution 52/226 A.
Of course, she was not fool enough to think they came from heaven.
The defendant is also alleged to have authorised payments of consultancy fees to the company, causing or with intention to cause MTRC to pay a total sum of $436,000 to the company.
The next time you go to a "Shocked" website, the Shockwave control loads and plays the movie.
Part of the funds will be used in 2013 for the preparation and distribution of the final report, and the organization of seminars and workshops to disseminate the report and its findings.
 35. It is highly probable that international environmental issues and agreements will have a more significant impact on the world mining industry.
A counter - swirl had caught Farquhar and turned him half round; he was again looking into the forest on the bank opposite the fort.
AFRICA
As a linguist, he acknowledges that all varieties of human language, including non-standard ones like Black English, can be powerfully expressivethere exists no language or dialect in the world that cannot convey complex ideas.
  One good instance was the recent International Debate Contest in Chinese for University Students 99 sponsored by the Beijing-based CCTV in collaboration with TCS.
Article 6 30 - 59 10
Departments with a high proportion of women's involvement included the:
This is clearly the case, for example, in article 252 of the Criminal Code, which recognizes the obligation of every individual to answer for their actions if these endanger the corporal or mental integrity of another person.
 But we would need to look carefully at the advantages of adding another limited-membership body to those which already exist in this field.
v. Minister of Culture, Information and Tourism - Member
Perhaps none more so than Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Guy Moszkowski, who, along with colleague Patrick Davitt, downgraded Lehman on Wednesday.
40. The Committee encourages the State party to ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention and to accept, without delay, the amendment to article 20, paragraph 1, of the Convention concerning the meeting time of the Committee.
 The United States had provided assistance in some cases, and in others assistance had been provided by the international financial institutions.
Malaysia
The Committee may wish to take note of the report, and to give further necessary guidance to the GoE with respect to the various summaries, conclusions and recommendations it contains.
Application of Press-oar Skill in Settle down Plat Bottom Escape of Cement Surface
I mean   a man should know never to grab another man's cape.
Come on. Give them drinks! A round for everyone.
For the first time, the meeting was wholly private.
They wouldn't lift a finger to help us.
226. Regarding article 29 (a) (ii), in connection with the 2009 elections to the European Parliament, the Ministry of the Interior prepared a protocol of measures for cases in which a voter with a hearing disability requested a sign-language interpreter in order to serve on election day as an electoral officer.
Opening day has not dawned with the clear skies that everyone hoped for.
Other activities
Chairperson: Ms. Schöpp-Schilling (Vice-Chairperson)
In Central America and the Caribbean, enrolment ratios are frequently below 85 per cent.
1997-2001 IODP/OD21 National Advisory Committee
Antigua and Barbuda
Besides the economic and social impact, the cuts negatively affected health and sanitation indicators in Bissau.
Turkmenistan
- A pregnant worker has the right to be absent from work, with full pay, for any time needed for prenatal medical examinations that cannot be performed outside working hours.
for other related information.
Asia and the Pacific
4 March 2013
(c) Be decided by the Council based on inputs from its subsidiary bodies, as well as Member States;
This is a high-resolution image captured by an Earth Observing System (EOS) satellite on 28 October 2004.
E. Civil society organizations
Enough is enough.
He highlighted the need for deliberate and urgent action in favour of commodity-dependent countries and the need to identify elements of an international commodity policy that could support the achievement of the poverty reduction goal.
The Ademi and Norac case transferred to Croatia is still pending on appeal.
 21. Mr. REYES RODRIGUEZ (Cuba) aid that a new paragraph reproducing the wording of the sixth preambular paragraph of General Assembly resolution 50/174 had been inserted after the second preambular paragraph of the draft resolution.
English: How much will it cost altogether
Mandatory hygienic requirements must also be observed in the use of women's labour with regard to the scope of the amount of work in accordance with each profession, the level of overall vibration, the degree of heat stress taking into account the season and the duration of its effects, and other factors relating to the industry and work process.
36. At its 5th meeting, on 20 April, the Preparatory Committee also agreed to annex to its report on its third session the summary of the general debate held by the Commission on the Status of Women at its forty-fourth session on agenda items 3 and 4 of that session, which related to agenda item 2 of the third session of the Preparatory Committee (see annex I).
Pluralism includes a serious role for opposition parties, which may never be marginalized.
happy-go-lucky The possible answers were:cheerfulhappymoodyhappy-go-lucky You said: cheerful happy moody happy-go-lucky you are cheerful, you are usually happy and optimistic
This is the key point to govern the accounting information and to improve the accounting information quality.
In September 2001, the Fourth King issued a Royal Decree to draft a written Constitution for Bhutan that would, inter alia, provide a basis for the creation of a democratic political system best suited to Bhutan.
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples for 2013 relating to the item,
I also call upon countries in a position to do so to increase support to mine action programmes.
Draft resolutions (A/62/L.10/Rev.1 and A/62/L.29)
The old man disappeared into the depths of the house.
848. Before and during the meeting of the pre-sessional working group and the session, the Committee held various meetings with United Nations bodies and specialized agencies, as well as with other competent bodies, in the framework of its ongoing dialogue and interaction with those bodies in the light of article 45 of the Convention.
Recognition of receipt accruals management budget
2000 Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Air and Sea
XML is a very promising tecboc specification, especially in the domain ofe - bussiness.
E/ESCAP/CTI(3)/INF/1/Rev.1
The fault analyses were made of the propylene circulating gas compressors. It was concluded that the major causes were that some fluid and powder materials entered the compressor system.
Taking note with appreciation of the report of the Secretary-General on prevention of armed conflict, which, inter alia, refers to the role which the proliferation and the illicit transfer of small arms and light weapons play in the context of the build-up and sustaining of conflicts,
political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development
Return what cannot decide whether Microsoft can start pair of Yahoo afresh to buy at present.
Convinced that addressing the profound social, cultural and economic disadvantage and exclusion experienced by many persons with disabilities, and that promoting the use of universal design as appropriate, as well as the progressive removal of barriers to their full and effective participation in all aspects of development, and promoting their economic, social and cultural rights, will further the equalization of opportunities and contribute to the realization of a "society for all" in the twenty-first century,
Even more important is coordination to ensure that work is properly distributed on the basis of comparative efficiency.
In consultation with the Expanded Bureau, the Secretariat has prepared a strategy for resource mobilization for the Basel Convention.
Gain and lose go hand in hand. Life is that.
These conventions are based on the principle of reciprocity.
Upon the top of the wall, there were again the marks of badger; and some ravelings of a sack had caught on a briar.
And stability in the Far Eastis essential for the United States in the long term.The interview came with less than one week before key US legislative elections in which Bush's Republicans worry that the unpopular war in Iraq may cost them control of the Senatethe House of Representative
SECURITY COUNCIL COMMITTEE ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO RESOLUTION 661 (1990) CONCERNING
I assure members that I will make myself available so that we can work together in harmony.
In France for example, the overly flattering commemoration of President François Mitterrand’s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with his successor, Jacques Chirac.
22 May 1991
Source: UNCTAD secretariat calculations, based on data from the World Bank's Private Participation in Infrastructure (PPI) database.
Bias in identifying and recruiting participants in cluster randomised trials: what can be done?
Plastic surgery patients want Angelina's lips Angelina Jolie Eyes like Katie Holmes, the sultry pout of Angelina Jolie and a body like Jessica Biel make the perfect woman -- at least in the opinion of plastic surgery patients in Beverly Hills
47. The University of the Virgin Islands has campuses on St. Thomas and St. Croix and approximately 2,500 full- and part-time students.
14. Burundi is a small landlocked country of the Great Lakes region of Africa.
The Fifth Annual Conference of the States Parties to Amended Protocol II to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed To Be Excessively Injurious or To Have Indiscriminate Effects, held in Geneva on 26 November 2003, decided to convene a one-day meeting of the Sixth Annual Conference of the States Parties in November 2004.
(a) Letter from India transmitting the report on the progress made towards the implementation of the Kimberly Process Certification Scheme (A/63/560)
In one study, a group of five volunteers were given parathion by capsule, firstly at 3 mg/person/d for 28 days, then at 4.5 mg/person/d for 28 days and finally at 6 mg/person/d for 43 days.
Silly Things
Those replies have been from the following Governments: Azerbaijan, Egypt, Madagascar, Maldives, Portugal, Thailand and Uganda.
128. Vaccine development, promotion of female controlled methods of prevention and measures to decrease mother-to-child transmission of HIV/AIDS infection need to be reinforced.
47. When presenting large budgets in the future, the Secretary-General should take into account Member States' ability to pay.
Moreover, radio programmes and announcements were broadcast in the region to highlight special concerns relating to juvenile justice.
Regional and interregional cooperation
I asked him to help me and he agreed.
If its 30 grand, take 40 and give me the key.
First, maximizing the functionality and storage.
I think that no conditions over the past few years to learn, is not in position to have time to attend to learn what's bad.
On the blackboard in our class there would BE written everyday that there were X numBEr of days left until the exam.
In older persons, it's a different story. Physical changes make them more sensitive.
81.53. Incorporate human rights education and awareness training into the school curriculum through cooperation with and assistance from the international community (Indonesia);
The estimated one-time costs of $27.9 million for regionalization increased by $0.5 million to $28.4 million, as a result of the latest cost estimates for the locations of regional and subregional offices (DP/FPA/2007/16/Corr.1).
(a) Give preference, wherever possible, to alternatives to imprisonment concerning Aboriginal peoples, as set forth in subsection 717 (1) of the Criminal Code;
(a) Increased business and income-generating opportunities
Songnae station
On 26 January, an unmanned drone hit an Al-Shabaab convoy in the Baraawe district, reportedly killing a senior commander.
Austria
Higher education will have to be recast to reduce the proportion of time spent on specialisation: this would enable an easier response to shifting skill requirements as the kaleidoscope turns.
(b) The examination of a witness under this rule shall be conducted in accordance with rules 6.1 to 6.29.
The United Nations Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator in Iraq (UNOHCI) has continued to strengthen its coordination and monitoring of activities in northern Iraq.
The whips snapped, the bells tinkled merrily, the sleds churned along the trail; but Buck knew, and every dog knew, what had taken place behind the belt of river trees
5.1 On 26 January 2010, the petitioners commented on the State party's submission and considered that they were customers during the period where this discriminatory practice still existed and therefore allegedly suffered personally from direct discrimination due to race and ethnic origin, in violation of article 5(f) of the Convention.
113. On 13 October 2006, the Commissioner transmitted an updated draft supplemental memorandum of understanding, aimed at supplementing and modifying the original memorandum signed by the Government of Lebanon and the Commission on 13 June 2005.
 The Group had been established by the Department of Economic and Social Information and Policy Analysis of the United Nations Secretariat to assist the work of the Secretariat on macroeconomic issues.
(b) Assisting with the drafting and revising of the three principal reports relating to the initiative: a vision statement by the Secretary-General (see A/66/645), a Framework for Action and a Global Action Agenda (see A/67/175);
The Commission may wish to comment on recent and ongoing efforts aimed at boosting the statistical development of African countries and organizations.
 It was estimated that in Poland removing energy subsidies would by itself reduce emissions of particulates and sulphur oxides by more than 30 per cent between 1989 and 1995.
I'm happy for you. Best of luck.
167. Adoption Benefit is granted in case of adoption of minors under 15 years of age for a maximum period of 120-150 consecutive days (stepchildren or equivalent are not eligible for this benefit).
34. Notwithstanding, or perhaps in the light of these conceptual difficulties, the Special Rapporteur recognizes the need for more rigorous scientific, empirical, sociological, legal and other research in this field.
As a result, large sections of the urban population live in slums and squatter settlements without access to an adequate water supply or sanitation.
General Assembly
3.3 Lastly, with regard to article 14, paragraph 5, the author argues that the remedy of cassation does not constitute a second hearing but is an extraordinary remedy that can only be invoked on specific grounds defined by law.
As far as seeing details, horses are red color blind and have vision of 20/33 (compared to a perfect human vision of 20/20)
* Reissued for technical reasons on 15 May 2013.
He said the Youth League totally disagreed with the outcome of the disciplinary committee.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson officially abandoned his original plan to buy troubled assets from financial institutions.
For example, this may include, as a catalytic factor, installation of computers with an e-mail connection.
Human rights situations that require the Council's attention
He added that the CD is well equipped to negotiate any new legal instruments on outer space.
You can't see the movie without the ticket.
48. Responses in the form of voluntary testing and counselling programmes for infectious diseases have shown an upward trend in all the regions.
Agenda item 59
Asks respectfully your firm to understand!
Request for a subvention to the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research resulting from the recommendations of the Board of Trustees of the Institute on the work programme of the Institute for 2004
Addendum.
In addition, the unilateral embargo is a serious obstacle to the full enjoyment of the rights of the Cuban people to life, health, food and education, to name but a few.
So why do many of us hesitate to embrace this doctrine and its aspirations?
4. On 2 May 2012, the Office for Disarmament Affairs sent a note verbale to Member States requesting them to submit their reports no later than 31 May 2012.
This resolution should require Israel to comply with the international rule of law. We should also adopt a clear-cut position that reflects the determination of the international community to continue with the peace process on the basis of the Madrid principles, especially the principle of land for peace.
Staff members were requested to use the E-phone Message function in the Lotus Notes platform instead of writing the messages on paper.
My heart pent - up poetic emotion again morning at a hairdresser's.
Adopt international and popular fuzzy control technology to optimize and revise the parameter within the system.
 It includes "process and product" technologies that generate low waste or use waste as a product for other processes.
In addition, the Committee is concerned at the low enrolment rates in pre-primary education, the high number of repeaters of the first grade and the significant disparity in enrolment in nursery schools between boys and girls.
Claimant’s name: Eastern Farm Company of Poultry
The company is under the umbrella of the government .
5. Commends the ISESCO programmes and activities in propagating religious, health, and moral awareness on the gravity of drug production, consumption, and trafficking and calls on it to continue its successful efforts in this context.
Goal 3. The organization supported programmes to build basic health and hygiene facilities for rural women, promote education for women in rural and tribal areas, create communities where women can learn and find employment, prevent female infanticide, create awareness of HIV/AIDS and nurture leadership skills.
 In their national systems, it had frequently been found that the savings identified by such internal oversight bodies could more than offset any additional resource implications.
Planned action
Noting with satisfaction that, in its resolution 65/1 of 22 September 2010, entitled "Keeping the promise: united to achieve the Millennium Development Goals", the General Assembly emphasized the importance of culture for development and its contribution to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals and, in that respect, encouraged international cooperation in the cultural field, aimed at achieving development objectives,
UNCITRAL Notes on Organizing Arbitral Proceedings (1996)
Judicial independence becomes a constitutional and legal principle of many countries now.
Is it easy to use and learn?
The TICAD Yokohama Action Plan stipulated the commitment to strengthening agricultural capacity in Africa by doubling rice production, increasing investments in infrastructure and financing small-scale community-managed irrigation and water management schemes.
In hilly areas or areas with self-pressure conditions, encourage the development of self-pressure sprinkler irrigation techniques.
114. Health policy is currently devolved to the island territories.
(As at 12 February 2014)
This may give me an opportunity to study abroad.
2. Analyzing and advising on request
6) Type-87 reconnaissance and patrol vehicle
God is not a cruel slave driver, or a bully who uses brute force to coerce us into submission.
What is the difference between the North Pole and the South Pole? 9.
However, the internet has no established convention or a holiday shou, which seems anomalous to its rapid development.
The General Assembly has rightly condemned the Israeli decision to deport President Arafat.
The increase in oil prices has destabilizing effects on our economies.
These problems are quite complex and it is not easy to achieve harmony between the difference groups.
These should include in particular measures for the protection of Roma against racial violence, in the field of education, to improve their living conditions, for their participation in public life and to ensure the elimination of incitement to racial hatred and violence in the media;
Customary law could not be circumscribed by a codification exercise, and any attempt to strictly determine its rules in statu nascendi could run counter to necessary developments of international law.
I will instruct the relevant United Nations entities to review this situation and provide specific recommendations in consultation with UN-Women.
15. In chapter III, the Board presents an analysis by region of the drug control situation and measures taken by Governments against drug abuse and trafficking.
The major east-west rail transport corridors from Maputo, Beira and Nacala to the countries of the southern African interior, which have been undergoing donor-supported investment and rehabilitation for several years, will promote economic growth and integration in the region.
The study of complex mineralization and metallogenic series of ore deposits have a great significance both economically and theoretically.
According to the complainant, the security forces assumed that he had joined the PKK.
Bangladesh was closely involved in United Nations peacekeeping operations and had consistently been among the major troop contributors.
The goal of these sections is to organize meetings, seminars and symposiums within the groups and to develop legal and judicial expertise, issue opinions and provide analyses of comparative law for, inter alia, the attention of the Cour de Cassation, the Ministry of Justice and legislative assemblies.
The attention of the international community is firmly focused on the achievements of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
We believe this is a worthy project, which initiates an effective dialogue within the framework of the Assembly on a very important issue.
22. Slides of miscellaneous Kuwaiti antiquities, a large number of pictures and seven boxes of slides.
The 4 per cent addition represents an estimate of current costs.
In addition, there are important socio-economic benefits of disaster reduction.
Many people who believe they are not wise are correct in their self-assessment.
In relation to other professional development purposes, of the relevant purposes and amounts involved?
Ducks have an affinity for water; that is, they like to be in it.
United Nations entities engaged in activities devoted to the promotion of the rule of law at the national and international levels
"Reaffirmed its decision that the secretariat should proceed with the implementation of the Trade Point Programme Strategy in the timeframe agreed";
102. The annual workplans of UNICEF country offices are documents that are used by government counterparts and other partners to implement activities and request resources from the Fund. The annual management plan is a separate tool for managing the daily operations of country offices.
The rainstorm kept us indoors.
The Acting President: May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 109?
Me with the watching you bathe.
The buyer's claim and the seller's counterclaim were dismissed.
England's smokers are about to be banned from lighting up in pubs, restaurants and offices.
 The Conference should also provide an opportunity for relaunching the dialogue on the Central American isthmus.
First meeting
In the Declaration of Guadalajara, all the countries of the European Union and Latin America and the Caribbean expressed their full commitment to providing coherent and effective support to those individuals, organizations or institutions, including human rights defenders, working for the promotion and protection of human rights, in accordance with international law and United Nations General Assembly resolution 53/144.
After the assessment mentioned above is completed, the Administration will be able to determine if the measures implemented to date are sufficient
Three Turnings of the Wheel of Dharma
High-level discussion to mark the launch of UNODA Occasional Paper No. 26 entitled "The New Zealand Lectures on Disarmament" (organized by the Permanent Mission of New Zealand)
"Resources mobilization and enabling environment for poverty eradication in the context of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010"
i know about physics only a little..
Sixty-second session
But after the formation of infertility jumbled, so with caution.
Nigeria**
Most employees have come to accept that career development is not always the same thing as upward promotion and a higher salary.
China will continue to work with the international community and participate more actively in international cooperation in anti-money laundering to build a sound and orderly international financial system.
In particular, Article 60 provides that responsibility for the discharge of such functions shall be vested in the General Assembly and, under its authority, in the Economic and Social Council.
This pension corresponds to the difference between 100 per cent of the insured income and the pension paid by disability insurance or old-age and survivors insurance, but at most the amount provided for full or partial disability.
26. He concluded by calling upon the Executive Board to authorize the package to allow UNDP to resume its work in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
We hope and desire that the Conference can resume its work as soon as possible.
6. The prospect of a serious political-constitutional crisis as a result of failure to promulgate the constitution by 28 May has raised concerns among many Nepalis that it could open possibilities for forces opposed to the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and its stated aims to pose new challenges to the peace process.
In Burkina Faso, UNFPA used the occasion of the national symposium on migration to advocate for the International Conference on Population and Development agenda in the area of migration and call attention to the necessity of including migration issues in development plans and programmes.
Uzbekistan considered that it was very positive that Malaysia had accepted all recommendations.
As a result of awareness—raising and agitation by women's groups, this practice has largely been discontinued.
She started wearing a mask two months ago on flights to protect against catching a cold.
(c) Observers for non-governmental organizations: Amnesty International, Association of World Citizens, Femme Afrique Solidarité.
He was standing near the senior officer.
102. The CARICOM delegations welcomed the creation of a web page on decolonization, given the fact that seven of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories were in the Caribbean region. They also welcomed SIDSNET, which was an important tool for communication among small island developing States. Information was a critical factor in the process of self-determination in those Territories; she therefore urged that that facility should be further developed in cooperation with UNDP and the Department.
68. Mr. Abdelaziz (Egypt) said that despite the huge efforts of the United Nations, civilians around the world continued to suffer in massive numbers.
Having declared 1996 the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty, the General Assembly has taken measures to review progress towards poverty eradication and to provide policy guidelines to encourage further actions in this regard.
Regional approach: The programme envisages the creation of sub-regional networks of national experts.
Ministry of Education evaluation of the employment of college students is "the form of grim, is not optimistic. "
In indicator of achievement (e) (i), insert ", with the assistance of the Secretariat," after "Member States".
UNODC
"The General Assembly,
The earthquakes at Tangshan, China, in 1976, with 275,000 fatalities, and Kobe, Japan, in 1995, with losses in excess of $120 billion, are harbingers of the extraordinary loss and destruction that natural disasters can cause in a modern urban environment.
The Committee notes that the author has not provided any information contesting this argument.
The Security Council encourages the three Committees to further strengthen the cooperation with such organisations.
Wave-velocity test technique is one of seismic exploration methods. It is an easy, rapid and accurate method of in-site measurement.
CONTENTS
Wednesday, 1 August 2001
The fatalities book-ended a weekend of severe hostilities, as no fewer than 21 Qassam rockets struck the western Negev on Saturday, and 3 more landed on Sunday.
If you don't mind, could you please call back and leave a message on the answering machine?
Mr. Jusko was already known to the Slovak authorities as a director of an arms brokerage company called Joy Slovakia.
In the absence of Ms. Ochir (Mongolia), Mr. Lundberg (Finland), Vice-Chairperson, took the Chair.
Since 1997, these donations have grown from $5,000 to more than $20,000 a year.
Measures to eliminate international terrorism
In any case, Spain would like to give an explicit interpretation of the content of paragraph 1.
They also provide access to funding mechanisms, project financing and technical assistance in support of local economic development, including to private sector initiatives with a social impact.
He died in a drowning accident.
Innovative approaches to South-South cooperation
Interreligious and intercultural dialogue is among the core themes in the recommendations set out in the 2005 World Summit Outcome (resolution 60/1).
Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends.
Pursuant to the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, as well as the resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conferences, which emphasize the common goals and destiny of the peoples of the Islamic Ummah;
10. Requests the Executive Director to continue the Global Initiative beyond 1994 and to seek funding on an interim basis and to include in her report to the Governing Council at its forty-first session (1994) proposals on its future funding;
Some of those developments became apparent to the international community only recently, especially after the meetings last September and this of the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
In 2009, 44.7% of Cypriots aged 30 - 34 held tertiary education qualifications.
The important thing is to make sure that it appears relatively even to the naked eye.
Voith AG manufactured and supplied pumping equipment for the Main Outfall Drain Project.
Under the authority of the Security Council, we must guarantee the universality of, and compliance with, non-proliferation treaties.
Praise the Lord, O my soul!
Instead, savings resulting from variations in programme implementation, which are often short term, can be utilized to finance positions and non-post requirements for the purpose of meeting the evolving needs of the Organization in connection with attaining its mandated programmes and activities, consistent with the terms of resolution 60/283.
EMC , for its part, has made two dozen cloud - related investments and launched a cloud - infrastructure division.
and ways in which such a knowledge base might be achieved, including initiation through a regional pilot project
Operation Building Bright launched (07.05.2009)
The "Corporate Engagement Project" was launched, a multi-year initiative to broaden the business sector's involvement with civil society and social development.
This a radical entry in the learners dictionary.
The photocopier is being repaired.
[Emphasizing that the issue of the impacts of response measures is related to mitigation, and is separate from adaptation to the adverse effects of climate change,]
Ylaya: The enemy moves fast - we must hurry, then.
They regard such activities as illegal, as creating no rights and establishing no obligations, and as constituting a breach of the Geneva Conventions, a war crime under Additional Protocol I to the Conventions and a violation of the principles of the peace process.
It notes with concern that the State party has not provided any information clarifying the matters raised in the communication.
According to the revised definition, the internally displaced are “persons or groups of persons who have been forced or obliged to flee or to leave their homes or places of habitual residence, in particular as a result of, or in order to avoid the effects of armed conflict, situations of generalized violence, violations of human rights or natural or human-made disasters, and who have not crossed an internationally recognized State border”.
The Fourth Madrid Moot would be held in 2012 on dates yet to be confirmed.
They were sentenced to preventive detention as the result of being convicted of a nominated offence through a trial that fully respected the presumption of innocence, and satisfying many other requirements.
31. Rwanda
2. Reaffirms that nuclear disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation are substantively interrelated and mutually reinforcing, that the two processes must go hand in hand and that there is a genuine need for a systematic and progressive process of nuclear disarmament;
1. Almost four years have passed since the adoption of the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development, Report of the World Summit for Social Development, Copenhagen, 6–12 March 1995 (United Nations publication, Sales No. 96.IV.8), chap. I, resolution 1, annex I; for the Programme of Action of the Summit, see ibid., annex II.
Summer is a season to relax, unless you're a job seeker.
Total Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
The New Year vacations be over returns work and is unavoidably all pleased spirit sea ocean on the public face, but takes later on lazy sea ocean of long depart another.
Please hurry to walk or we'll be late. fault)Please hurry up or we'll be late.
"Health is wealth", as they say in India.
Composer George Gershwin brought jazz into the world of classical music with pieces like "Rhapsody in Blue. " Louise ArmstrongBenny goodmanDuke EllingtonGeorge Gershwi
H.E. Mr. Diego Cordovez
A rapid development of distance education has been achieved in recent years be-cause of its particular advantages.
The social pillar of sustainable development should be strengthened and the disability perspective should be included in the dialogue and outcome of the Conference, so that the international community, through its commitment to sustainable development, may not only harness the potential of untapped resources by including persons with disabilities to generate improved development outcomes for all but also to fulfil its obligations with regard to human rights.
Documents:
1. Access to education
Having considered the report of the Secretary-GeneralA/53/652–S/1998/1050; see Official Records of the Security Council, Fifty-third Year, Supplement for October, November and December 1998, document S/1998/1050. submitted pursuant to the request made in its resolution 52/52 of 9 December 1997,
1985. Nova Scotia does not recognize the Statistics Canada Low Income CutOff as the definitive poverty indicator.
In that regard, I wish to call upon all States, international organizations and civil society to seize the opportunity of the forthcoming Sixth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction to accelerate the implementation of the Nairobi Action Plan.
Recalling further its decision 50/481 of 11 April 1996 on the financing of the Mission and its subsequent resolutions and decisions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 55/268 of 14 June 2001,
The Units would monitor the implementation and effectiveness of all missions' efforts to address misconduct and produce reports on misconduct by category of peacekeeping personnel;
(c) Piecemeal decisions of the Sub—Commission;
(a) Review of developments related to
2. At its forty-first session, the Commission requested the Secretariat to prepare, on the basis of the note by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/653), a first draft of a reference document addressing decision-taking, the status of observers in UNCITRAL and the preparatory work by the Secretariat, for use by chairpersons, delegates, observers and by the Secretariat itself.
Apportionment: $457,400; expenditure: $115,200; variance: $342,200
:: Conclusion 2012/2 of the Programme and Budget Committee
I'll spend whole my life providing for you.
Given those realities, Panama supports Libya's suspension from its seat in the Human Rights Council, and therefore endorses today's adoption by consensus of resolution 65/265.
(iii) Number of visit reports accepted by Member States and approved by the Counter-Terrorism Committee that provide accurate and detailed information on the current status of implementation of relevant resolutions in key countries authorized by the Committee for visits
European salamander having dark skin with usually yellow spots.
Not quite understanding, but believing in his teacher, the boy kept training
(c) At 1400 hours an Iranian military patrol boat with four soldiers on board left Abadan port.
I. INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM GOVERNMENTS 5
Policies and procedures are needed to match the requirements with the capabilities of governments, specialized institutions and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and to develop frameworks for preparedness, early warning and response systems.
While comprehensive data on the number of permits granted is not available, the approval rate in the northern West Bank in 2013 was approximately 50 per cent, consistent with figures collected by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs over the preceding three years.
Section 9
National currency and unit of measure: Millions of Polish Zloty
927/2000, Svetik
Skiing and Snowboarding Season is Still with Us
Be as follows the fundamental condition of the seminar and main viewpoint overview now.
The NAM States Parties to the NPT stress the importance that the Notice by the Depository Governments on the Procedures for the NPT Review Conference, in performance of their Depository duties under the Treaty, should reflect the full mandates entrusted by the States Parties to the Preparatory Committee, as contained in the Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference as well as the Notice advanced by the Russian Federation in 2001 on behalf of the Depository Governments on the Procedures for the Review Conference.
33. The three delegations agreed with the Advisory Committee that the comprehensive report failed to provide specific data on the performance of the procurement system.
It will not be possible to request additional copies.
10. [Unintentional] [A]tmospheric emissions
Radio and TV programme distribution
The Mainland of China : Notice on Import Record of Pharmaceuticals
The entity Gender Centres actively co-operate with the entity Ministries of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Supplies in implementation of IFAD-funded "Livestock and Rural Finance Development Project (LRFDP)".
With the deeper understanding of him, she depends on him more.
Modern cooking appliances and fuels
Formal languages tend to have strict rules about syntax.
The present supplemental report contains information covering the period from January 2003 through December 2003.
32. Ms. Tahi (Vanuatu) said that an active campaign was under way to boost public support for the Family Protection Bill with a view to ensuring that it was adopted by Parliament in 2007.
12. The population of Madagascar, which was 6,462,000 in 1966 and 7,603,790 in 1975, was 12,238,914 in 1993, when the last General Population and Housing Census (RGPH) was held.
The only airline with seats available is a company whose track record includes ten crashes and forced landings.
Secrétaire Exécutif du Comité National de
:: 3,000 mines and explosive remnants of war destroyed on both sides of the berm
17. International drug control
The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup: thou maintainest my lot
Malta's Search and Rescue Training Centre is considered a centre of excellence and enables Malta to further promote interoperability and training with neighbouring countries.
A. Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo
8. Minister of Communications.
3 November 1983
Although encouraged by reports concerning the arrest of persons involved in human trafficking, the Secretary-General has called for greater cooperation between the two sides on this matter.
Don't you have a 1) date with a guy
UNMOVIC is currently examining the practical modalities for conducting interviews outside the territory of Iraq.
194. Several audits of results-based budgeting and/or results-based management have already been performed by other United Nations oversight bodies in recent bienniums.
4. The Special Rapporteur would like to underline that the above-mentioned issues sometimes overlap and therefore cases which have been put in one category could also have been classified in another one.
Eventual implementations, the cost of which can prudently be estimated in the millions of dollars, cannot be reliably projected at this time in advance of the required feasibility study.
We are diligently adhering to the principles of the Convention on Nuclear Safety, which Pakistan signed at the time of its inception.
11. On 19 and 20 April 2012, Colombia organized a seminar in Cali on prevention of the crime of enforced disappearance and directive 007 of the National Police together with the Ministry of Defence, the national police, the Commission to Search for Missing Persons and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Reporting on the group's deliberations, the chair of the group said that a number of issues had been raised for further discussion at the Eighteenth Meeting of the Parties.
TABLE 14
All individual considerations for individual treaty bodies should be a part of this report and balance the needs of the system as a whole.
Since its inception, the European Union has supported the concept of the Commission: a body that will ensure an integrated approach to peacebuilding, taking into account the links between security, development, human rights and the rule of law.
24. To thank the Secretary-General for his efforts to achieve Somali reconciliation and provide relief to the Somali people from the drought and famine, and to thank the Secretariat for its efforts in that regard; and to request the Secretary-General to following up implementation of this resolution and report to the Council of the League at its next session.
A number of singer-songwriters are associated strongly with folk rock.
MONUSCO police participated in 17 joint protection missions in various localities.
15 July 2000
Nobody can break the ice with him.
Why did you, all of a sudden, decide to practice writing with a brush?
Her relationship with Mr. Dodds was very amiable, however.
You should have been doing some lighter work.
Similarly, private donors, such as foundations, contribute financial support to United Nations entities, such as the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
7. Recalls the importance of sparing no effort, in keeping with the spirit of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, to enable the Government of National Reconciliation fully to exercise its mandate during this transitional period;
2. A representative may speak in a language other than a language of the Conference if he provides for interpretation into one such language.
 Seriously concerned at the extensive damage and devastation caused by the tropical cyclones Daisy and Geralda and by the floods which have struck Madagascar,
The communications should indicate the session of the General Assembly, and the number and title of the agenda item under which circulation is requested, using the agenda of the sixty-eighth session of the General Assembly contained in document A/68/251.
Why should the public trust Mr Brown to get Britain out of its economic hole if he admits to having dug the country into it?
90. The Government of the Republic of Turkey has established a Conference Committee that is responsible, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Conference, for all the arrangements required for the functioning of the Conference.
You say you want to die for love. You know nothing about dying 9.
8. ICSW proposed a package of measures to address these challenges, including stronger international obligations to provide information to and between tax authorities; improved international technical and financial assistance for developing country tax authorities; stronger international taxation standards; international adoption of refundable withholding taxes on cross-border payments; international coordination of taxes on multinational companies; a currency transaction tax, as proposed by CIDSE; removal of tax exemptions on e-commerce; the development of an international convention for repatriation of misappropriated funds; and substantial and firm commitments to provide improved ODA and debt cancellation.
Some submissions highlighted the special difficulties of countries whose economies are particularly dependent on fossil fuel production, use and export.
The total pledges for regular resources for 2010 including pledges received during the United Nations Pledging Conference in November 2009, and pledges received outside of both pledging events, amount to $289 million (compared with $299 million in 2009) from 44 Governments.
(ii) The Institute conducted research on nuclear arms proliferation;
SIDA noted that it used "silent partnerships" for some projects, acting together with other donors, and also participated in the "fast track initiative", led by the World Bank, to accelerate implementation, in cooperation with a number of donors.
I am not known for my fashion sense. When I wore a particular brand of swimming trunks one year, the sales then collapsed
For example, the words "I" and "who" are among the oldest, along with the words "two", "three", and "five".
Note by the secretariat
9.2 The Committee notes the author's claim that, as a Falun Gong practitioner, he would face arrest, detention, forced labour, enforced re-education through the regime of re-education through labour, organ harvesting without consent, physical harm and physical and mental torture.
78. She welcomed the recent elections in Afghanistan, at which voter turnout had been high.
Knowledge is the source of sustainable competitive advantages in firms.
In accordance with rule 20 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, an explanatory memorandum on the nature and description of the Organization is annexed to the present letter.
I don't want Jun-mo  to see my face.
We would advise against a selective, piecemeal expansion of the permanent member category.
legislation;
65. Those meetings and interviews involved introductions by United Nations staff members of Hibakusha Stories on the subject of nuclear weapons and the current state of affairs with respect to efforts towards nuclear disarmament, followed by the testimonies of the survivors, and an intimate question and answer period allowing for direct exchanges between hibakusha and students in smaller group settings.
Council decision 1
In Tokyo, commercial - property prices are a fraction of their ( albeit insane ) peak in 1988.
How can I get there I'd like to reserve a table for two at seven tonight
Deep Sea Drilling Project
Decides that this framework should guide capacity-building activities related to the implementation of the Convention and effective participation in the Kyoto Protocol process;
We may be required from time to time to disclose your personal information to Governmental or judicial bodies or agencies or our regulators, but we will only do so under proper authority.
However, she notes, there are unspoken rules: The main thing is to look sensible in front of clients.
 29. The in-depth evaluation of the start-up phase of peace-keeping operations 1/ was a systematic review of the capacity of the United Nations to learn from experience and a stocktaking of the existence of responsibility centres, doctrine, standard operating procedures and operationality for substantive components of missions.
273 First of all, I will outline the characteristics of our product
It would make little sense to require a State to give reasons only for arresting suspected criminals but to permit the State free reign to administratively detain a person without explanation or notice.
One such case was still pending in Nairobi at the end of 2013.
If all operative parts of the proposal or of the amendment have been rejected, the proposal or the amendment shall be considered to have been rejected as a whole.
Each Government and international organization will be provided with a confidential list containing the individual recommendations made in respect of its claimants.
69. Recommendations regarding safeguard for effective medical evaluations of alleged torture and other ill-treatment in detention:
The new legislation does not go far  enough  towards solving the problem.
"We have grown too quickly without protecting areas of nature," Javier Pedraza of Complutense University, Madrid, said this week. (Complutense
Estimate 2006-2007: not applicable
While refugees are slowly beginning to return home, their return might further strain the already limited food capacity of their communities.
Recalling also its resolution 1325 (2000) of 31 October 2000,
Diversification of UNCDF donors also continued to improve.
2. Also invites Member States, where the domestic situation so requires, to consider controlling the use of ketamine by placing it on a list of substances controlled under their national legislation, while simultaneously ensuring access to ketamine for medical and scientific purposes, consistent with the international drug control conventions;
After all, as you said so memorably, "It's all just a business."
I raise this issue because we are witnessing the re-emergence of very disconcerting signals from the past, ranging from questioning the very existence of newly independent States to denying nations' own views on their past and future.
12. On 13 October 2008, former President Pocar addressed the General Assembly regarding the Tribunal's fifteenth annual report (A/63/210-S/2008/515).
However, this trend experienced a relative slowing down during the second part of 2008.
Oblige me a walk along the river to enlarge upon the topic.
When fitted with an otter trawl, invented in 1892, it enabled fishermen to haul in six times the catch of a sailing ship.
 38. In its resolution 50/211 of 23 December 1995, the General Assembly appropriated an amount of $32,324,500 gross for the financing of the Assistance Mission for the final period, from 1 January to 8 March 1996.
7.4 With regard to the legal status of the offence, the State party cites article L. 365-1 of the French Labour Code in force from 21 December 1993 to 1 January 2002, which states that "anyone found guilty of fraud or making a false statement for the purpose of wrongfully obtaining, helping someone obtain, or attempting to help someone obtain unemployment benefits or the benefits referred to in article L. 322-4 shall be subject to 2 months' imprisonment and/or a fine of 25,000 francs, without prejudice to any penalties arising under other applicable laws.
My ancestors stole land from the Indian.
(d) Making HIV testing available and accessible to all United Nations peacekeepers and staff members deployed in the field.
Accordingly, their arrest and detention are entirely politically motivated.
A. The concept of prevention 34 - 37 9
Children this age are very responsive to music, videos and books.
She looks like you ,are you twins?!
It hits too close to home.
China's independent lawyers have long beatings and intimidation by local officials.
The lower requirements are attributable to the proposed conversion of one general temporary assistance position to a post and the estimation of common staff costs at a lower percentage of net salaries compared with the budget for 2013/14 (see para. 21 above).
Hasselblad accom-paned him on a world tour that took him to Egypt, Italy, Mexico, India, Japan, Thailand and finally to Africa.
13 July 1986
At the same time, different strokes, freestyle, breaststroke, butterfly and backstroke are associated with different content of practice.
4. Use of nuclear power sources in outer space
A large number of recommendations had been accepted during the interactive dialogue, including those made by Algeria.
International Club for Peace Research
Enhanced understanding of adaptation techniques, as well as increased awareness of the relevance of traditional knowledge and of mainstreaming climate change into local development plans, were among the positive outcomes of this project.
4. The view was expressed that the programme plan included issues of a political nature that were not suited to a regional economic commission, such as the reference in paragraph 19.6 to the political landscape of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia region having experienced dramatic transformations with the increasing demands by citizens for freedom and social justice, and the reference in paragraph 19.18 to the need for strong institutions to quell ongoing political tensions and conflicts in some countries, and to support democratic transitions in others.
Addendum: IV. Article 7: Crimes against humanity
Concerned about the serious difficulties facing the Middle East peace process, including the lack of implementation of the agreements reached and the deterioration of the socio-economic conditions of the Palestinian people as a result of the Israeli positions and measures,
This theory has a perfect framework and strong explanatory power.
(Summit resolution 481, 21st ordinary session - 30 March 2009)
After discussion, the Secretariat was requested to prepare a revised text, taking into account the issues discussed, for further consideration.
3 p.m.
I said, " Oh, dear godmother, tell me, pray do tell me, did mama die on my birthday? "
Clinical observation on auricular point sticking combined with ultra-short wave diathermy for treatment of chronic pelvic inflammation
July 2003
The representative of Guyana introduced the draft resolutions on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, as well as Mexico.
9. The Advisory Group requested the secretariat to evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of limiting countries to a single allocation of support from the underfunded window per year.
10 a.m. (if needed)
ESCWA efforts contributed to the elaboration of a national quality standard for za'atar.
He does not stand for anyone person like some of the other cards
I get cold feet when I have to go to one.
Two young men got out of it. One, about 38 years old, was clean shaven and the other, an Afghan, was lightly bearded.
However, he made it clear that those discoveries did not in any way justify attacks on UNRWA facilities, and called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire.
Mr. Robert W. Zaagman
The State party refers to its previous observations and concludes that the transitional regime does not constitute discrimination.
It must enlarge the and enhance the efficiency of wagon utilization to abate tense transportation.
Deflation, not inflation, is the clear and present danger.
In fact, the very climate of the entire earth may be affected by air pollution.
VII.12 The Advisory Committee held a detailed discussion with representatives of the Secretary-General concerning the experience gained in the establishment of the regional United Nations information centre in Western Europe.
The moderator summarized the discussion.
Nevertheless to remain in the flesh needful for you.
In many respects, Germans can be considered the masters of planning.
This has significant implications for permissible science, technology and innovation policies at the national level.
Studies on the optimal technology factors of extracting sulfated polysaccharides from alga Gracilaria tenuispitata
[Multilateral Treaties Deposited with the Secretary-General]
More generally, the FBI and CDC conducted six Joint Criminal and Epidemiological Investigations training courses during 2012, an effective practice for fostering familiarity between the United States law enforcement and public health communities for their distinct investigative approaches that can generate sharing of information, expertise and resources of mutual benefit.
 The President: I should like to inform the Council that I have received letters from the representatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Germany in which they request to be invited to participate in the discussion of the item on the Council's agenda.
23. The secretariat of the Permanent Forum took the participants through the current recommendations to the Support Group, as well as recommendations to the United Nations system.
(c) Recycling 55,000 tons.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Operation in Mozambique (ONUMOZ) dated 1 November 1993 (S/26666 and Add.1),
China Guangfa Bank
C. The following individual items, as further described in the annex:
88. Switzerland provided the text of relevant provisions of its domestic legislation in relation to terrorism, which include:
Prominent among the Office's activities is the relentless campaign to roll back xenophobia against refugees and asylum-seekers in the region.
From the synthesis of morphine and acetic anhydride derivatives of heroin history, so far, heroin still known as the "King of Drugs. "
Emissions from land-use change, for the purpose of the implementation of Article 3.7 of the Kyoto Protocol, are those net emissions reported under the forest and grassland conversion and abandonment of managed lands subcategories of the Revised 1996 IPCC Guidelines.
The necessity of adapting the techniques of results-based budgeting to the nature of the programmes: "... the proposals of the Secretary-General cannot be applied equally to all sections and activities covered by the programme budget ... For performance analysis to remain valid and relevant, modified techniques will have to be developed, for example in the support and servicing areas ..." (para. 31);
He got such a fright that his heart nearly stopped beating.
They fought in the war of 1996-1997 and in the current war, which began in 1998.
Since 19 January 2003, curfew and closure cripple West Bank residents.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Post has started delivering 4.5 tonnes of letters and parcels that were sent from the United States in 1999.
They are: Left arm bound.
Fourth report due in September 2010 (LOIPR)
I suppose every big city has them.
Integrating with unemployment insurance.
 Consequently, the re-establishment of the State administration in the areas formerly occupied illegally and the normal functioning of State institutions at all levels will be an important guarantee of the protection and respect of the civil and political rights of all citizens.
[B] The principle is raised by the plainstiff's bar to settle the case. [B]
But it left a shaky feeling
Well as overeating binge eating, eating pungent, greasy foods, some strong pungent odor, etc. , can induce seizures.
The Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States ("Barbados Programme of Action"), adopted two years later, acknowledges the important role of all relevant organs, programmes and organizations of the United Nations system, within their respective areas of expertise and mandates, in supporting and supplementing national efforts in the implementation of the Programme of Action.
It is understood that the Guangdong imminent annual rent of the land system is mainly for rural collective land.
Sonegaon
Chile 0.113 0.131 0.136
(c) States, United Nations agencies, donors, research institutions, religious organizations, the media and NGOs should ensure the proper and correct identification of the names of indigenous languages;
It praised the measures taken in support of persons with disabilities.
A clear evidence of speculation on the price of food can be found in the dramatic rise in prices.
But even if they survive they can be dangerous to eat.
In developing countries and countries with limited infrastructure, telemedicine applications were primarily used to link health-care providers in local hospitals with specialists in referral and tertiary hospitals.
The Office will continue to strengthen its core monitoring and protection activities, including information-gathering, analysis and reporting, particularly in relation to the impact of armed conflict and terrorism on civilians, rule of law (including prisons and places of detention) and other human rights issues.
444. Since August 1993, the International Conference on the Former Yugoslavia has provided a permanent negotiating forum for seeking a political solution to all the problems of the former Yugoslavia.
The situation on the ground shows that numerous difficulties and obstacles still remain.
19. The Committee is concerned that the national machinery for the advancement of women (the Syrian Commission for Family Affairs) has been downgraded and that it reports to the Ministry of Social Affairs.
39. From 23 June to 3 July, MONUC facilitated a conference bringing together 60 high-ranking justice and penitentiary officials to identify the priorities in the implementation of the penitentiary system reform action plan recently approved by the Ministry of Justice.
The neighboring spectators shook with a gentle inward joy, several faces went behind fans and handkerchiefs, and Tom was entirely happy.
3. Trafficking/forced prostitution
Thursday, 21 October 2010, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB); and
Lionel is very good at chatting up strange girls and getting them go out with him.
2. Requests the Executive Director to convene the future sessions of the International Conference on Chemicals Management provided for in the Overarching Policy Strategy, where appropriate to be held back-to-back with meetings of the governing bodies of relevant intergovernmental organizations;
Inside, there are no doors, so each room flows into the next.
17:00 to 18:00 Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5 (NLB)
Since 2004, China’s government has sought to cool an overheating economy by bringing the growth rate down from 12% to a more sustainable 8-9%.
Any of these methods may be considered depending on the nature of the mission.
Israel, United States of America.
11. Draft resolution A/C.3/54/L.12, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
Great importance is also attached to securing the safety of the victims while the men are incarcerated.
Polanda Romaniaa European Communityb Note: In this table negative values in Gg indicate net removals of CO2 from the land-use change and forestry sector.
Bulacan State University
Discussions are continuing between the Government authorities and UNAMID, in the spirit of cooperation and partnership, on best ways and means to enhance UNAMID deployment, on ensuring smooth and safe movement of goods from the seaport to Darfur, including the plans for other land routes envisaged by the Department of Field Support as well as the building of new camps.
The Chinese public security organs at all levels have internal law enforcement monitoring bodies, which are responsible for monitoring law enforcement activities of the police and handling or punishing cases involving violations of law or regulations.
50. In paragraph 57, the Board reiterated its recommendation that the Office of the Capital Master Plan keep capitalized costs separate from operating costs relating to the project.
(c) To provide information on and make assessments of the fulfilment by developed country Parties of commitments to provide capacity-building support;]
23. In her address to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session, she had reviewed the status of the Convention and its Optional Protocol, the Committee's working methods and the Committee's efforts to encourage ratification as well as reporting.
The Beckhams are joining the rest of their family - including sons Brooklyn and Romeo - for a celebratory lunch.
A Certifying Officer cannot exercise the approving functions assigned in accordance with rule 110.5.
The developing countries must be allowed a much more effective participation in this powerful organ of the United Nations.
The CCFL in LVD TV is driven by inverter Technique of testing is introduced.
The need is urgent because 6 million people infected with HIV/AIDS in the developing world need access to antiretroviral therapy to survive.
I am concerned by the stagnation in the process of the implementation of the resolution, which could lead to the erosion of the provisions already implemented.
Shanghai decided to ask departments of all grades to offer equal rights of accept education to the children of farmer worker.
In addition, it would be useful to know whether there were health packages for elderly or disabled women.
8. Not only does the issue need to be placed within pre-existing structures, it needs to be a constant consideration which is central to every aspect of the work of that structure.
Delegations are reminded that credentials should be issued for all representatives to the sixty-second regular session of the General Assembly, in accordance with rule 27 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.
24. Regarding the panel proposed to conduct the assessment, the Advisory Committee considers that it should have a broad mix of expertise comprising members with knowledge of internal United Nations processes and United Nations intergovernmental legislation, together with knowledge of internal labour dispute mechanisms and staff/management issues, as well as knowledge of different legal and justice systems.
That night, I fell asleep with a new appreciation for my gentle mother and her caring hands
Agenda item 19
Horrible. Lazarus started crying.
Poland signed all twelve United Nations Anti-Terrorism Conventions and has ratified 11 of them.
How may developing countries benefit from trade?
United States dollar
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 918 (1994) concerning Rwanda
 Similarly it is known that all States Members of the United Nations are constitutionally bound under Article 103 of the Charter to give precedence to the provisions of the Charter over any other international obligations.
Georgette
“(3) The provisions of this article do not apply to the following: [...].”
They figured on leaving for Beijing if the weather was nice.
Alas, I just can't make the ends meet each month.
Designation of the space object: MegSat-0
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 66.
We all poke fun at her because she wears such a strange hat.
In fact, there are fewer constraints imposed on public discussion of liberal-democratic institutions precisely because few Chinese are inspired by Western-style liberal democracy.
Mr. Dub (Czech Republic): It is my honour and pleasure to address this High-level Plenary Meeting on the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to review progress in the fulfilment of the Millennium Declaration, which the Czech Republic fully supports.
 We salute the considerable efforts made by UNDCP, sparked by its Executive Director, Mr. Giacomelli.
14. Indonesia referred to its national efforts to finalize its long-standing Criminal Code revisions and the Law on Criminal Procedure.
In light of all the above mentioned, it is evident that Russian Federation is carrying out indirect as well as direct armed attack against Georgia.
 We welcome, therefore, the decision of the regional leaders to establish a regional coordinating committee in Nairobi, and the assurance that humanitarian supplies will be allowed access.
The prosecution has lodged appeals against the acquittals.
It was presented to the Standing Committee in 2003 but the request was not accepted at that time.
313 416b
The President drew attention to a draft resolution (S/2005/409) that had been prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
Annexes I. List of participants 15
3. The close working relationship between the Department of Public Information and the Committee, forged at the time of the twenty-fifth session, has continued throughout the year.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
Library and information services are decentralized to 17 library focal points, with book and serial purchases handled by the United Nations Office at Vienna Commercial Operations Unit.
Hand in Hand
Agenda item 99: International drug control (continued) (A/61/208-S/2006/598 and A/61/221)
52. Her delegation understood the rationale for extending the scope of the draft articles to cover effects of internal as well as international armed conflicts on treaties and concurred with the Commission's view that contemporary armed conflicts had blurred the distinction between the two, particularly given the possible involvement of other States, in varying degrees, in such conflicts.
Council members commended the International Independent Investigation Commission and the Secretary-General for their efforts on the implementation of resolution 1757 (2007), and welcomed the United Nations commitment to ensure that the Tribunal would accomplish its mandate in an effective manner.
Maripol (Stylist): What would be more perfect than to have a girl called, Madonna, coming to me to get some my design and having her wear the crosses on her ears and her heart, around her neck and peace sign
our brooding son has a classmate who got arrested for selling drugs.
The projection also provides for the full emplacement of 3,300 United Nations police officers and 2,000 formed police (16 formed police units) and the phased deployment of 1,286 international and 3,467 national personnel as well as 459 United Nations Volunteers.
Thus, we urge close collaboration and dialogue between the Court and the States of original jurisdiction.
So we had to replace one instrument to the hospital, the old equipment back to Shanghai.
Is (or will) this verification procedure be based on one of the legal or regulatory provisions referred to on page 24 of the report?
9. sense n. sense of touch  sense of sight sense of hearing  sense of taste sense of smell  sense of humour sense of beauty  sense of direction sense of urgency  sense of guilt sense of honour  sense of values sense of justice  sense of hunger sense of responsibility  the moral sense the sixth sens
 The meeting rose at 1.15 p.m.
605. The Committee recommends that the State party, when evaluating the effects of the legislation, use the enjoyment of children's rights, as enshrined in the Convention, as a crucial criteria in the evaluation process and also consider alternative means, including mediation, of ensuring secular character of public schools, while guaranteeing that individual rights are not infringed upon and that children are not excluded or marginalized from the school system and other settings as a result of such legislation.
18. Encourages Governments and organizations at all levels, as well as major groups, including the scientific community and educators, to undertake results-oriented initiatives and activities to support the work of the Commission and to promote and facilitate the implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, including through voluntary multi-stakeholder partnership initiatives;
Badevel
United Towns Agency for North-South Cooperation (1998-2001)
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop- and police-contributing countries pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B (10 September 2001; 26 August 2013)
At the 4007th meeting of the Security Council, held on 19 May 1999 in connection with the Council's consideration of the item entitled "The situation in Angola" the President of the Security Council made the following statement on behalf of the Council:
4. Coordination of the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other bodies of the United Nations system related to the following themes:
B：That’s almost cost price.
In addition, non-expendable equipment selected from physical locations could not always be traced to inventory records.
Ashland County
Everyone knows that a few drinks can affect the way you look at that smiling stranger across the bar. Now scientists believe they understand why that happens.
Increase your dietary protein by having a protein shake at least once a day.
Security of radioactive material other than nuclear material
For newborns, the main risks are asphyxia (difficulty breathing), prematurity, and infection.
I have a blind spot where classic music is concerned.
The topic of civil education is included in the curriculum.
In this regard, the Committee urges the administering Power, Member States and relevant agencies of the United Nations system to continue to contribute generously towards the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the Territory in accordance with General Assembly resolution 44/99 of 11 December 1989.
At that moment, the rabbit didn't hide or escape, but crept tightly upon the snowfield.
Permanent Representative of Cuba to the United Nations
In north Darfur, the unpredictability of the security situation has led to inconsistent and unreliable deliveries of assistance in most areas.
A. Creating a world fit for children
Politicians from the Åland Islands
Your sacred name is absolutely cognizant and all-illuminating because the entire Vedic scriptures have emanated from Him.
There were calls to enhance participatory decision-making, transparency and accountability, including the measurement of results of actions taken at the local level.
s had rice cereal and mashed bananarice cereal rice cerealmashed banana(solid foo
Such projects are included in reports sent by the regional assemblies to the national health assembly.
Any action taken by the Board shall be publicly disclosed.
Table 1 Timetable for the 2008 update of the 1993 SNA
The United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO) is responsible for the organization and conduct of a referendum to enable the people of Western Sahara, in the exercise of their right to self-determination, to choose between independence and integration with Morocco.
Regrettably, the last year has been no exception.
Subparagraph 3 (c)
7. General discussion: “The normative content of the right to food (article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights)”.
The mission was able to accommodate 38 personnel within the camp and therefore did not have to provide them with transportation
The first table shows the current number and rate of attendance in State schools.
The lower numbers resulted from the lower number of nominations from potential contributing countries
6. Mr. Diallo (Senegal) took the Chair.
Malta
(Note 1: Applications for non-arts activities will only be accepted 3 months or less prior to the month of hire, with the exception for applications by government departments, District Councils or Registered Schools.)
This approach would allow a start to be made using readily available data on land cover.
Think you could arrange that for me?
Expected accomplishment 1.2: Progress towards normal living conditions in the United Nations buffer zone and for Greek Cypriots and Maronites in the north and Turkish Cypriots in the south
The Government's Education-for-All Plan, to be fully implemented by the year 2015, was evidently based on the United Nations Millennium Development Goals.
544. General measures designed to prevent the occurrence of conflicts were discussed.
Working Group
The Director-General would reduce her travel, which forms part of her political and representational functions.
Human resources: component 4, support
After supper pap took the jug, and said he had enough whisky there for two drunks and one delirium tremens.
It was held in Vladivostok, Russian Federation, from 27 to 30 May 2013.
B. The aims and objectives of education 12 - 15 6
About a quarter of a mile that way.
5. While overall petroleum consumption of small island developing States increased, a number of them registered negative or no growth in their total oil consumption during 1992–1995.
17. Relations between Serbs and Bosniaks in the Republika Srpska took a turn for the worse when the Bosniak caucus of the Republika Srpska Council of Peoples, the effective second chamber of the Republika Srpska National Assembly, decided on 13 July to suspend its participation in the Council of Peoples until the Republika Srpska Constitutional Court amends its own rules of procedure to preclude "outvoting" of non-Serbs in cases referred to it by the Council of Peoples.
(d) Ten seats for Latin American and Caribbean States;
1. The following States members of UNCTAD, members of the Working Party, were represented at the session:
7. I couldn't be more sure.
(a) New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support
The Coordination has so far dealt with 2,350 clients.
Their mandates now may cover responsibilities such as disarmament and demobilization of combatants, the coordination and even an active role in the delivery of humanitarian assistance, human rights monitoring, electoral verification and direct support to governmental functions (e.g. civilian police).
(p) To take steps to design and implement preventive and comprehensive anti-bullying measures, including in educational settings, that address bullying and peer-directed aggression against children, including against indigenous children, which could include the training of educators and family members and also raising awareness of this matter among children;
nobody else wants to be around me right now, so but i guess i screwed that up for both of us for a while.
The SOE's exposure to OFDI is a relatively recent development as compared with its private enterprises.
11.20 On the other hand, we agree with the State party's argument regarding the above five authors that the discrimination against them ended when their children reached the age of majority because the primary rights-holders in relation to changing or acquiring the family name are the children thereafter.
Such Silicon Valley bravado may ring hollow in a period of diminished expectations.
snow and water are the same substance in different forms.
Despite the rift that existed within CNDP resulting from the January 2009 arrest of Gen. Laurent Nkunda, all ex-CNDP officers acknowledged their common interest and reconciled in opposition to redeployment of their officers and troops outside the Kivus since the first attempts to do so in September 2010.
Infant health and the risks of infant mortality are also intimately linked to maternal health and perinatal problems.
:: More than 300 laws governing human rights and fundamental freedoms have been passed;
 It emphasized, however, that increasing the powers of station and programme managers also entailed more responsibility, corresponding resources and greater transparency.
5. Information relevant to claims
We have agreed to increase Russian oil exports to China through use of railways
total population Category
The programme of work also responds to the resolutions and decisions of the Commission on Population and Development, as well as relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council.
As the problems facing the two peoples are man-made, so too can the solution be forged among these two parties.
Following feedback from the ministries concerned, the Secretary of State for Security is currently making revisions to the policy.
After Sept. 11, researchers found no significant decrease in measured levels of happiness.
ANNUAL REPORT OF THE INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL FOR THE LAW OF THE SEA FOR 1998
24. The Colombian State recognizes the constitutional and legal rights of indigenous peoples.
54. In relation to access to medicines, non-discrimination and equality have numerous implications.
119. While more candidates than ever before are on rosters, there continue to be complaints from hiring managers and candidates about the system, mainly related to a lack of flexibility and delays in the process.
Maybe our blouses actually aren't green.
Under Phase I of the project, 600 homes were built and turned over to low-income people.
The Qianjiang salt lake basin is a lonely continental high salinity lake basin in China.
The Controller responded to a question posed.
The time for assumptions has passed.
There are signs that the capabilities of ethnic minority employees tend to be underused more often than is the case with native Dutch employees and that ethnic minority employees have fewer opportunities to discuss their ambitions with management and central support staff.
Primary and secondary artifacts, some are the only, some are unique to the province.
17. Sustainable development will be enhanced if competing legal rules strive as a first step towards compatibility and as a second step towards mutual support.
My right hand is very painful. Or My right hand hurts(aches).
Secretary to the Mozambique-South Africa Joint Security Committee established under the Nkomati Agreement (1984-1985).
States shall take effective measures, in consultation with the indigenous peoples concerned, to eliminate prejudice and discrimination and to promote tolerance, understanding and good relations among indigenous peoples and all segments of society.
The provision of legal aid to dispossessed widows and orphans by the Agondjo law firm and the Remanda bailiff firm.
However, this will force China's leaders to have to reckon with independent wealthy concerns having a say in mainland decision making.
Refugees can be excluded from protection only if they are suspected of committing the serious conduct specified under article 1F, or pose risks under article 33, paragraph 2, of the Convention, and not where they fall within the wide meaning of "security" under Australian law.
Britain London Mayor Johnson then recommended an amnesty for illegal immigrant workers.
(iii) Field projects: capacity-building to strengthen the environmental management capabilities in the post-conflict countries (4); environmental post-conflict assessment, including desk studies, field assessments, priority-setting and recommendations, including feasibility studies and technical assistance to post-conflict countries to reduce the risks to environment and livelihoods from environmental consequences of conflicts; post-conflict environmental assessment in post-conflict countries and field missions conducted to identify immediate risks to human livelihoods, integrate environmental issues within the reconstruction agenda and strengthen the information base of post-conflict environmental administrations (4); (Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities) pilot projects for specific land-based source categories (wastewater, physical alteration and destruction of habitats, Integrated Coastal Area and River Basin Management) to identify financing mechanisms, environmentally sound technologies, institutional set-up, management options, and/or multi-stakeholder partnerships (2); field projects for the replication and extension of UNEP projects on rainwater harvesting technologies, renewable energy, mountain ecosystems with impact on poverty alleviation and mainstreaming gender into water resources management and use (3).
Assistance to the Ministry of Interior in establishing a peacekeeping group for future participation in the civilian police component of United Nations peacekeeping missions
Houari Boumédiène
William's brother, Harry, his father, Charles, and even his grandfather, Philip, all feature in the top 50 of Britain's best dressed men.
It was said that the arbitral tribunal had full power to determine the weight of the evidence offered under article 24, paragraph (4) of the new proposal.
Other international organizations - such as the World Trade Organization (WTO), World Bank, International Monetary Fund, regional development banks and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) - also recommend independent regulators.
Much will depend, therefore, on the action taken by those Member States.
Executive agencies including the President, the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Justice, public prosecutors, and the police are the main enforcers of the Constitution and related laws of rights protection.
As in most other developing countries, SMEs need to be nurtured and new technologies promoted.
Czech Republic
Actions that affect good people.
The Ideology "Rule of Virtue" Is the Discarding and Distillation of Chinese Traditional Ruling Philosophy
Speaking to the World Health Assembly on 18 May, the Director-General of WHO emphasized the need for equity and solidarity in the response to global public health challenges.
In that time, we have created the United Nations, adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and discussed endlessly governments’ “responsibility to protect” their citizens.
Level I-1
We believe that international cooperation is an important element that contributes effectively to combating this illicit activity, and we consider that this cooperation should fully respect the purposes and principles of the United Nations Charter and international law.
87. The right to development grew out of the economic inequality and the disadvantaged position of the underdeveloped countries.
I am blood - lifes blood!
As the children become financially independent of the family, the emphasis on family financial security will shift from protection to saving for the retirement years.37 38
B. D4(personal property) and D(other) issues: claims arising from property confiscation
I think of how young and innocent we were back then.
The Supreme People's Court of China has said that local courts are to handle such cases 'in accordance with the law and government regulations for dealing with the infant milk-powder incident.
H.E. Mr. Jean Delacroix Bakoniarivo
II. Experts' meeting on the right to freedom of artistic expression (Geneva, 4-5 December 2012)
The monolithic integrated circuit occurs the explanation , did not understand may have a look !
On Earth, it is the condensation of atmospheric water vapor into drops of water heavy enough to fall, often making it to the surface.
I'm just passing through.
The room held the faint, sweet odour of pipe tobacco.
In 2004, China and Europe held their first round of talks on IPR in Beijing.
When making a contribution, always add a notation: “for the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations, account I H”.
4 August 1996
As one of the concluding activities of the meeting, participants reviewed a summary of the minutes and endorsed the following points:
set, in collaboration with the Regional Economic Communities, the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa, the International Telecommunication Union, higher education and research institutions and the ICT-sector specialised institutions in Africa, an African digital agenda identifying the main stages towards the establishment of an harmonized African ICT market by 2020.
It is a fair draft resolution, reflecting the world's indignation and the need for Israel to respect all of Lebanon if there is to be peace.
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, and representatives of agencies and organizations of the United Nations System are invited to attend.
The Prosecutor's office requested the police to urgently ensure the safety of the organizations affected, as well as the physical and psychological integrity of the individuals.
During her time there she was criticized a great deal by her leaders for not setting her mind to her work and for disobedience regarding her work arrangement.
It was also communicated to the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories and to the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People.
II. Background and issues
UNICEF will need to expand these and related mechanisms as part of a more assertive marketing strategy for essential medical commodities.
Referring to the Single Health System, the services of the Single Health Programme have reached out to 70 per cent of the Brazilian population, and services include the distribution of 130 million vaccines, 2 million ambulatory procedures and 11.3 million hospital internments.
In this report both are used without prejudice to the positions of particular delegations, where divergences of approach remain.
We need to address this issue with some urgency in this session.
2. Invites Governments and relevant international organizations to consider disaster risk assessment as an integral component of development plans and poverty eradication programmes;
Holiness,we have heard from England of the murder of Cardinal Fisher.
1. Al-Shabaab*†
Under the section `Article 12 afforestation and reforestation', each Annex I Party shall report information related to afforestation and reforestation project activities under the CDM specified in the following paragraphs of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 (Afforestation and reforestation project activities under the CDM):5
Luxembourg
Markets exclude people as producers or consumers if they have neither assets nor capabilities.
Total number of pupils enrolled in school
17. Ms. Hannan (Director of the Division for the Advancement of Women) observed that it was often women who tended HIV/AIDS patients in hospitals, in the community and at home, a situation which was compounded by their inferior access to resources and other facilities, including the flow of resources for the care of HIV/AIDS victims.
Friday, 11 November 2011, from 4.30 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
28. The preliminary conclusion from the period 1992-1996 with regard to natural resources may be that most of the international frameworks for their sustainable management are in place or under development.
5. Subject to the High Contracting Parties' approval of the estimated costs and cost-sharing formula, assessment notices will be prepared based on the overall estimated costs and applicable cost-sharing formula.
Elctronic computers become mor and mor useful in scientific research work.
 More specifically, in the light of its comprehensive coverage of population and other relevant issues, the Population Division should assume responsibility for overall coordination, while UNFPA should assume responsibility for the implementation of operational programmes.
Thematic discussion on item subjects, as well as introduction and consideration of all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items 65 to 81
Mr. Darwin also teaches PE.
A stronger focus and the reduction of outcomes would allow optimal use of the available financial and human resources and increase efficiency, effectiveness and impact.
9. On 24 April 2000, at Najran, security forces reportedly confronted members of the Ismaili community.
Technical cooperation activities of ESCAP aimed at enhancing human resources development and national capabilities, include, in particular, assistance to small countries through the South Pacific Regional Energy Programme, the development of training materials for Capacity-21 workshops, workshops on informal financial systems and cooperation in trade and investment between Pacific island States and the economies of East and South-East Asia.
The copper clad laminate automation and realized by using Program Logic Controler ( PLC ).
Staff Side Secretary, Model Scale 1 Staff Consultative Council
The aquifer will replenish from the flood waters, and then Moscow will be inundated by the sea as the sea level rises.
We kindly ask for the support of all delegations in adopting these two oral amendments.
Guidelines for applications to the Strategic Approach Quick Start Programme (QSP) trust fund issued in May 2006 have been issued and progressively revised in the light of experience with the application rounds and following consultation with the Trust Fund Implementation Committee and Executive Board.
That's the correct idea.
As you release the chest, you press the hips down synchronously, then release them.
To that end, it should provide sufficient information to the Governments concerned, at the highest levels of civil authority, that is, heads of government and ministries of foreign affairs, of justice, of the interior and of health, in order to promote commitment to, support for and further strengthening of the programmes of the Institute;
 In order to meet their treaty obligations, countries that appropriate their United Nations contribution late in the year should appropriate their regular United Nations dues earlier than they do at present, if necessary phasing in this change over several years Cash flow problems.
9/F, Murray Building, Garden Road, Hong Kong
Steel mills have cut production by up to 20 per cent in response to weak demand from Chinese carmakers and the construction industry.
Percentage of offices in the Secretariat reporting efficiency gains
The system fixed time automatic will advocate database server's data backup to the backup server.
Internal conflict had an impact on elderly populations in terms of displacement, abandonment, refugee flows and camps, revenge killings, crime, special medical, dietary and social needs due to age, special needs due to caring for young dependants and the loss of or separation from family or others on whom they depended.
Eventually you will come to Jinghsen Qanyie Road and the moat and wall of the Forbidden City.
Guinea-Bissau (recommendation 48/7);
Kaldari/wikilove.js
The Committee expects that this category of expenditure will be kept under close review in order to reduce the reliance of UNSOM on external consultants.
Para. 63
The same section of resolution 56/206 calls for the active collaboration of financial organizations and bodies within and outside the United Nations system, including the World Bank and the regional development banks, in the activities of UN-HABITAT, in particular with regard to the provisions of seed capital and the financing of programmes and projects, as well as the development of innovative financing approaches.
The Chinese and Russian delegations have set out some interesting thoughts on definitions in a non-paper issued this month.
(c) provide access to all relevant equipment, facilities and personnel on vessels and installations at all reasonable times;
Counsel has alleged a violation of those articles merely by reference to the length of time Mr. Johnson has spent confined to the death row section of St. Catherine District Prison.
Measures to Improve Access to Community Radio Stations
5. The Chairperson invited further comments on the draft article, noting that that discussion of paragraph 2 (c) had been suspended and that the question of the effect on draft article 17 of the deletion of paragraph 9 remained open.
But the two remaining factories are finding ways of keeping their business alive.
Arguably Mr Reinemund鈥檚 greatest legacy is the group鈥檚 fast- growing international business.
Most women are surprised to realize that even when a man loves a woman, periodically he needs to pull away before he can get closer.
The United Nations core strategy -- research, campaigning, monitoring and reporting, and country-level operations -- guided the Organization's work to achieve the Goals.
Lengfeng director of a sudden notice, according to reliable information, a television station called Zheng Mingzhe of a major suspects.
Farther away, extremists in Europe and North Africa continue to covet bin Laden's blessing and the al-Qaeda brand name.
Aim To observe anti -  inflammation  of thalidomide and its effect on immunity.
Source: China Statistical Yearbook 2009, China National Bureau of Statistics, September 2009; China Statistical Digest 2010, China National Bureau of Statistics, May 2010.
It means that they recognise that building inter-religious harmony takes mutual understanding and respect.
Astoria, South Dakota
ll see. Thank you for understanding.
This is going to raise questions about why Japan pushed the issue in the first place, if it couldn't follow through with meeting China's challenges.
My country was among the first to sign that Convention.
The privacy of respondents, the confidentiality of the information they provide, and exclusive use of the information for statistical and research purposes, is guaranteed.
Paraguay mentioned the need for material assistance in developing such a system, which involves specific technology, training in how to search for weapons, the development of a database for storing evidence, simplified access to the database and better access to the Internet in order to improve communication among its domestic institutions.
296. In the light of the provisions of article 3 of the Convention, the Committee is of the view that the Government has not yet fully developed a procedure to ensure that the "best interests of the child" guide the decision-making process.
In other words, the fertilized egg does implant within the uterus as happens in a "normal" pregnancy.
Article 9 49 — 60 16
We support effective international arrangements that would guarantee non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
55. The Special Rapporteur is concerned about the persistent reports of violations of the right to life committed by members of the armed forces in Bangladesh, in particular in the Chittagong Hill Tracts, although he only received information sufficiently detailed to act upon in two individual cases that occurred in 1996.
Daddy, may I ask you a question?Yeah sure, what is it?
CECA
1. The authors of the communication dated 14 April 2010 are nationals of Australia, Bronson Blessington, born on 21 October 1973, and Matthew Elliott, born on 16 April 1972.
Payments to September 2006 were broadly current except for the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara, the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia, owing to cash shortfalls in those missions.
(e) In the case of a developing country Party or a Party with an economy in transition, the Party has requested technical assistance pursuant to Article 12 or financial assistance pursuant to Article 13 of the Convention in order to phase out as soon as is feasible the production for which the extension is requested.
CESCR requested information about measures to ensure universal enrolment of children in primary school and to reduce the alarming school drop-out rate.
UNIDO should therefore adopt a more vigorous approach to the Initiative and keep Member States informed of its efforts to increase its activities in Africa within that framework.
`How can you think of reading it?
Romania
Payments are differentiated by the following grade groupings: P-1 to P-3 and internationally recruited General Service staff, P-4 and P-5 and D-1 and above.
As to the Integrated Framework, action was required at an early date to go beyond the pilot stage.
We also appeal to both the political authorities and civil society to reject nuclear weapons.
(c) ASEAN workshop entitled "Development of mechanisms for acquisition and utilization of space-based information during emergency response", Yogyakarta, Indonesia, 15-17 April 2014;
Canada continues to call on nuclear-weapon States that have not ratified the CTBT to continue their testing moratoria.
The scope of the definition of victims is not necessarily the same for the purposes of investigation as for those of reparation;
(b) Developing the capacity of trade service institutions to support businesses;
Title: Is Your Life Out of Focus?
Objective To explore the merger periodic paralysis ( TPP hyperthyroidism clinical characteristics) .
Deputy Minister of Information (for publication in the official gazette)
1. Commends the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Cuba for his interim report;4
1984 elections
:: Advice and support to the National Electoral Commission and its Political Parties Liaison Committee
At its fifty-ninth session, in its decision 2003/109, the Commission endorsed the decision of the Sub-Commission.
As a result, one General Service (Other level) post is proposed for redeployment back to the Executive Office to reverse the historical outward redeployment of this post to the Office of Information and Communications Technology during the biennium 2010-2011 with the purpose of providing administrative support to the then newly established Office.
Resolution 44/9.
Zina:        I saw your green post-it notes
There will be a closed meeting of the Group of 77 (core group on globalization and interdependence: international migration and development), on Tuesday, 26 October 2004, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room B.
In their view, the debt-flow approach takes into account actual transactions of debt repayment, and is therefore a better representation of the economic reality.
The first phase would typically involve testing of components of the mining system and would precede tests of integrated mining systems.
16. Mr. Kanu (Sierra Leone) recalled that his delegation had expressed concern about the amendments of the Tribunal's Statute originally proposed by the United Kingdom.
She and her current husband, actor/director Billy Bob Thornton, wear necklaces with vials containing each other's blood.
Total, line 2
The Board is pleased to note that the Office is assigning resident auditors, and periodically investigators, for the Tribunal.
The existence of an impartial verifier helped to lessen controversy when accusations of breaches arose.
I now give the floor to the representative of Cuba, Ambassador Carlos Amat Fores.
(Signed) John Dauth
They also seek to intensify regional cooperation with and among neighbouring and potential transit countries and to develop knowledge, structures and capacities to conduct effective precursor control operations and interdict smuggled chemicals.
Following the deliberations of the contact group, the co-chair of that group reported that it had reached consensus and agreed on a draft decision for the consideration of the Working Group.
P-3
38. In its resolution 23/8, the Human Rights Council decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of internally displaced persons for a period of three years, and invited the Special Rapporteur to continue to submit annual reports on the implementation of the mandate, making suggestions and recommendations regarding the human rights of internally displaces persons, including on the impact of measures taken at the inter-agency level.
UNDP recovered the full amounts and the staff concerned were separated from service in the Central African Republic, while the staff member concerned resigned in Kenya.
61. Producer Price Index Manual (by Intersecretariat Working Group on Prices)
Svoge
Travel on behalf of the Trade and Development Board
15. As the final plenary meeting on 12 February, the Co-Chairmen summarized the results of the discussions.
A. Presentation by the State under review 5 - 24 3
The Committee notes with satisfaction that the State party has indicated its support for an Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
To that effect, SU/SSC should review its current portfolio of activities and staffing profile with a view to prioritizing activities while ensuring better delineation of responsibilities with other United Nations entities; and
3. None of these proposed decisions would require an amendment of the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons nor would they affect the existing responsibilities and relationships between the Treaty and the Security Council or the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
26. I believe that you will consider this application favorably and I wish to assure you that I should make every effort to be worthy of the confidence you may place in me.
Research Consortium On Nearby Stars
Moreover, the State party should continue to be vigilant in ensuring that relevant existing legal and administrative measures are strictly observed and that training curricula and administrative directives constantly communicate to staff the message that incitation to hatred and violence will not be tolerated and will be sanctioned accordingly;
Report of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements, Habitat II, Istanbul, 3-14 June 1996.
 In spite of the time factor and the risk of casualties, the safety ratio is very high, especially in fields recently laid in a methodical way.
"For men, working longer hours has no negative impact on exercise, caffeine intake or smoking.
Australian television actresses
Rule 14
Letter dated 31 January 2008 from the Permanent Representative of Cuba to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
 It has always been our view that nuclear disarmament is a global issue that can only be resolved globally and addressed through a global approach.
8. Except for the restriction on the scope of the audit described in paragraphs 64 to 68, the Board's examination revealed no weaknesses or errors considered material to the accuracy or completeness of the financial statements as a whole.
An information note for delegations on arrangements for the general debate and the high-level meeting on the rule of law at the national and international levels has been issued as A/INF/67/3.
Commonwealth of Independent States
c. Is regarded as a dependant under the special conditions referred to above;
If their meetings became known, one of them could be harmed, the old revolutionary told him.
Background
It was on such grounds that complex acts had been incisively criticized in the literature.
If I am once put off I find it very difficult to recapture the same train of thought.
Anybody lives only once.
(d) To assist with the restoration of the rule of law and public security in Haiti through the provision of back-up support to the Haitian National Police as well as with its institutional strengthening;
C. Measuring ICT for shared prosperity
Commending the work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Dr. Augustine Mahiga, for his efforts to bring peace and stability to Somalia,
want to get one before the meeting?
More than 10,000 children left armed groups and returned to their communities
But winning the title hasn't changed my life.
They considered the moon alone to be inhabited: they imagined it was the real heart of the universe or planetary system, on which the genuine Cosmopolites, or citizens of the world, dwelt.
Neither doth any man take the honour to himself, but he that is called by God, as Aaron was.
And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
Ultracapacitors also have two metal plates, but they are coated with a sponge-like, porous material known as activated carbon.
Oh, my sweet baby. I dreamed about you all the time.
France Norway Sweden Non-convertible currency counterpart contributions to the Mediterranean Trust Fund (statement VII.2)
If Djibouti feels that it could benefit from discussing aspects of the implementation of the resolution with the experts of the Committee, it is welcome to contact the Counter-Terrorism Executive Directorate, as indicated in paragraph 3.1 below.
Annonville
Establishment
44. In accordance with the provisions of article 45 (a) of the Convention, the Committee encourages NGOs to prepare and present to it within the reporting process information regarding all forms of violence against children within the family and in schools, including those considered culturally "acceptable", for example by developing and maintaining an easily accessible database summarizing each State party's commitment to and compliance with its violenceprevention human rights obligations.
Although the United Kingdom experience can be considered a success, some challenges have been identified, such as delays and administrative complications owing to the high information requirement for setting benchmarks and appropriate performance evaluation, the strategic behaviour of providers and measurement accuracy of service quality measurements.
The seminar held in Brussels elaborated on the concept of good governance and on its relevance for the functioning of both public and private sectors in the context of globalization.
HALPHA
Maestro: So you don't believe in ghosts?
setting forth the request of the Government of Iraq that the Mission continue to assist Iraqi efforts to build a productive and prosperous nation at peace with itself and its neighbours,
Such an initiative would reinforce the global norm against testing and stimulate movement by holdout states.
The princess was holding her handkerchief to her eyes, and her face was tearful.
It's hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden  anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous.
Honduras, Thailand, Panama, Nicaragua and Mexico offer similar lifestyles for comparable prices, according to the magazine.
Backstopping field operations
I know where I could get the loveliest room and bath, cheap.
On boundary regions filling, a new even - odd check algorithm is presented.
Spokespeople for Citigroup and American Express declined to comment.
These arrangements will provide sufficient safeguards against the loss of Government revenue.
International Cooperation-National Measures - Submitted by Iran (Islamic Republic of)
More regularly inform the Executive Director and senior management, including on key areas of financial management risks or interest, to enhance and focus their monitoring function at the corporate level and inform decision-making
1.3 Aims and objectives of SBM(a) SBM aims to enable schools to manage their operation and resources in an effective and accountable manner so as to raise the standards of teaching and learning and thus improve the students' learning outcomes.
The recent policy paper of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), "Intensifying HIV prevention", is a cornerstone for our continued efforts.
25. The fundamental direction of the Russian Federation's international cooperation in the field of migration will be as follows:
Court Clerk (No. 2)
I'm sorry that I couldn't help. Can I help you now?
www.un.org/law/UNsafetyconvention/
The implementation of this recommendation would enhance the effectiveness of common support services for humanitarian assistance, in particular in the fields of logistics and supply management, based on the good practice of SUMA.
      - Action survey and scene survey
Maybe you aren't trying hard enough?
(b) Financial situation of UNIDO
However, the experience with the implementation of natural resource based policies as opposed to sector policies has been limited to a few innovative countries.
The other six were incumbents.
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development (2005-2014)
Reaffirming its deep concern at the tremendous humanitarian and development problems caused by the presence of mines and explosive remnants of war that have serious and lasting social and economic consequences for the populations of countries affected by mines and explosive remnants of war,
Mr. Clerides rejected, for the first time, the parameter that provided for "exchange of property and compensation", believing that membership in the European Union would nullify such undertakings previously made.
This includes periodic follow-up, customer rewards, other perks, providing VIP and other membership privileges, and in some cases, personalized service (e.g.
Prior-period adjustments
For example, inflation in China was 3.3 per cent in 2010, but a hike in 2011 is forcing the Government to take measures to contain inflation, especially because of the rise in food prices.
4. The right to marriage and choice of spouse;
In addition to the seven Palestinians killed by the occupying forces in Rafah on Friday and the dozens of Palestinians wounded, another Palestinian was killed on Saturday.
It is also engaged in the publication of a quarterly newsletter and has produced a Directory of Women's Organisations in Guyana, a Directory of Women Parliamentarians, and a Current Awareness Bulletin.
The Government of Nigeria provided an aircraft to transport the RUF delegation.
1. To affirm that GAFTA Member States shall provide the Secretariat-General of the League of Arab States periodically with country reports featuring greater transparency in respect of the following:
Crash - dump support improved: extracting kernel - mode output from are fixed and DebugView now loads resulting log files.
Morrison passed through a hatch into the engine room.
One such initiative is a counselling programme which FPAG conducts in some communities of Georgetown.
Compared with the local dust extraneous dust made the particulates density on leaves increased greatly.
International CooperationChina persistently supports activities involving the peaceful use of outer space, and maintains that international space cooperation shall be promoted and strengthened on the basis of equality and mutual benefit, mutual complementarity and common development.
The Regional Directors of FAO, UNDP, UNICEF and WFP ensured coordinated support.
The Basic Law guarantees the right of Hong Kong residents to institute legal proceedings in the courts against the acts of the executive authorities and their personnel; and
C. Membership and officers of the Committee 4 - 7 9
It may rest on human or animal wastes that contain typhoid and dysentery, germs.
Therefore land is the key and scientific knowledge is a tool to eradicate poverty.
71. It is important that Lebanon make further progress towards exercising effective authority over all Lebanese territory, preventing the use of its territory for hostile activities, and ensuring the implementation of Government decisions and stipulations of resolution 1701 (2006) with respect to an area free of armed personnel, assets and weapons other than those of the Government and of UNIFIL.
(Legislative authority: Assembly resolution 57/... [E/CN.15/2002/L.9])
(e) Assuring continued essential services in the areas of security and safety, information technology support and telecommunications, procurement and transportation services and building management, as well as archive and record management services.
The report had been prepared by the regional commissions.
Non-crystal alloy thin belts
Cessation by the 1.1 billion current smokers is needed to lower tobacco deaths over the next few decades.
/ He usually doesnt come here. t always come late
D. Article 2, paragraphs 8(a) and 11
These mechanisms help to strengthen economic relations with Cuba.
We thought he was serious but in reality he was joking.
He reminds me of his brother.
He contends that he has exhausted all available domestic remedies, as his request to postpone all the interrogations until his recovery and his complaint about the inappropriate interrogation were not duly examined.
International exercises and ring tests for food borne infections and intoxications (are desirable).
- Maintaining a presence at Serb patrimonial sites;
"No, Mother.
3. Cases of fraud or presumptive fraud
We are ready to place an order with you, but only one condition is that goods are confined to Taiwan.
Heavy Metal has no swing-it relies on brutal guitar riffs and pummeling rhythms.
2. The total value of the machines, auxiliary equipment, etc. supplied by part B shall be paid off by Party A with part of the manufactures made therewith and/or other goods, or with  designate name products made in  Name of the plant if both parties agree.
This is offset in part by a reduction under travel of staff owing to the removal of the provision for travel of the Chair and other members of the Committee.
Total for subprogramme
Establishment and strengthening of policing components in two new and/or expanding mid-sized missions
Moreover, as a large part of current power-generation requirements are being met through the use of oil, huge oil-import bills are incurred.
5. Ms. Migiro (Deputy Secretary-General) said that the current session was taking place at a time of financial turmoil.
The wizard Dorukan crafted his Talisman to lure those monsters here, where they could be safely locked away.
A. Mandate and planned results
That's what the referee is for, to decide which challenges are and which are not.
Shirley: What kind of sports?
We value the contribution of each party and make it easy to engage;
6. Organizational structure of the National Migration Institute (INM)
8. Bulgaria recognizes the important role of the United Nations development programmes and specialized agencies in providing emergency relief and longer-term assistance to the affected third States to enable them to better cope with the social and humanitarian effects of sanctions, as well as in mobilizing support from donor countries and relevant organizations for these activities (para. 45).
Since 2013 the Graz laser station has been involved in the space situational awareness programme of the European Space Agency.
It will ensure that all communications conform to your Security policy.
In addition to the website and in order to offer a better service to individuals and institutions interested in its work, the Court in June 1998 set up three new electronic mail (email) addresses to which comments and inquiries can be sent.
Distr.: General
Innovative mechanisms have been introduced, such as presentations and discussions with outside resource persons, including academia, civil society representatives and journalists.
It is our goal to capture every opportunity to work with Economic and Social Council.
Or your physician might suggest going off the drug for a few weeks to see if your memory improves.
The trial did not commence on the scheduled date because of the pre-trial motions filed by the parties.
Chaired the session of the Inter-Parliamentary Symposium "The Parliament, guardian of the human rights", organized by the Inter-Parliamentary Union (Budapest, Hungary, 1993)
If within six months from the date of the request for arbitration the Parties are unable to agree on the organization of the arbitration, any of those Parties may refer the dispute to the International Court of Justice by request in conformity with the Statute of the Court.
DONOR BANK FOR AFRICA TO MEET IN SHANGHAI
But what is even more significant than these breakthroughs is how they have not only led industry innovation but directed media innovation.
Human rights and terrorism
Along with the high-rising building and large mansions continuously springs up, the elevator has become a conveyance tool of mankind's indispensability .
In the methodological explanation of the Inventory it is clearly said that the International Conference on the Former Yugoslavia has worked out a detailed list of military assets and that they are temporarily aggregated in the Inventory.
Chapter IV Auction Procedures Section One Auction Trust Section One: Auctioneer and Seller Article 41 Should a trustee trust an auctioneer to auction articles or property rights, he or she shall provide his or her identity certificate, or the certificate of the ownership of the auction target as required by the auctioneer, or the certificate or other data which can demonstrate that he or she can dispose of the auction target.
91. Several experts expressed their appreciation for the quality of the report and its clear and concise presentation of the issues, although some experts pointed out that the environmental issue should have been addressed as well.
Pandang Island
This article explains how to change what happens when the blog viewer is visiting one of your site's Category pages.
In this regard it is important to notice that there are two categories of territories of the country outside of control of Georgian authorities.
Both countries need to take positive actions directed towards defusing tension in the region and rejoining the international community's efforts towards non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
But the survival of the tundra depends on how carefully people maintain the delicate balance of nature in this environment.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The demography of Xinjiang shows the features of low rate of birth, low rate of death and low rate of increase.
That hat makes you look like an idiot.
Supplies
An important aspect of the Hong Kong Observatory's responsibilities is to ensure public safety during severe weather.
Who calls me sinner For pillowing his head Against my arm? The whiteness of this hand Not less than God's!
Background
The Committee would release this amount of funding annually on the basis of the achievement of pre-agreed performance targets.
In 2009 the Secretariat for Women succeeded in obtaining an increase in its budget for 2010, it submitted projects to outside cooperation agencies that were approved and it established joint plans with the Itaipú binational entity.
This may be attributed to the unfavorable social and economic status of the population in these areas, which is usually characterized by high population density.
Looking up at the sky the canopy drip For a party to the blue block.
I never eat beef?
I live in New York From England. I live in LondonI come from Beijing You can also say your nationality: American; Im Chinese
The stranger's landlord said that he didn't know who had taken the house opposite, one saw no person about, and as to the music, it appeared to him to be extremely tiresome.
5.2 Marking and labelling
Prothrombin: Carbohydrate - protein compound in plasma essential to coagulation.
For example, the proposed creation of new international bodies might well duplicate existing organizations whose mandates should be strengthened instead.
Mary tends to hold off from people.
Heck, its fun too. veduchina
CONCLUSION The combined excipents was reasonable and the dispersible tablet dissolved faster and dispersed uniformly.
Myself, I actually play with the model while writing the tests.
That is true joy
Telephone: 963-7178
They acknowledged a sound investment in the recruitment and training of staff, but questioned a reported decrease in remuneration and staff-related overhead.
Netherlands
He's doing math in his head.
C. The nature of UNHCR's work
Rapporteur: Mr. Shotaro Hamamoto (Japan)
The process of the expansion of international law goes, as Shaw notices, hand in hand with the upsurge in difficulties faced and the proliferation in the number of participants within the system as well as the differences among them.
The diallel cross was used to analyze GCA and SCA effects on grain number per spike and fruit number per small spike of eight spring wheat genotypes.
25. It was appropriate to confine the scope of the study of the topic at the current stage to natural persons, as the important issue of legal persons was a highly specific one which should be dealt with by the Commission separately at a later stage.
Measures taken by the Administration
Office of Chongqing Patriotic HealthCommitte
5. The Constitution provides for the establishment and separation of powers of the three major branches of the government: the legislature, the executive and the judiciary.
(iii) Kenya was particularly hard hit by flooding; many villages were cut off; the main Nairobi-Mombasa road was made impassable, and thousands of people died of malaria and Rift Valley Fever (RVF) spread by mosquitos breeding in flood waters;
III. Model Law Articles 8-11
Then you will know how much safety margin you have and when you need to ramp up capacity for your super-popular applications.
27. The Human Rights Committee, the Committee against Torture, the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination continued to examine the compliance of States parties to the treaties with their legal obligations to respect human rights in the context of countering terrorism.
Global trafficking networks are likewise having a major impact on security and development and on business and finance.
Risk and control functions need to be completely independent from the business units
The president closed the door to any new suggestions.
Other main relevant international instruments
60. The mission discussed wider African issues and relations between the United Nations and the AU with the AU Commission.
A. State responses concerning compliance with the goal of the Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People
In addition, the sides, on the basis of the concept of the indivisibility of the processes of reconstruction and establishing peace, for the purpose of supporting the Bonn Agreement of 5 December 2001 and taking into account the priorities for reconstruction indicated by the Interim Authority of Afghanistan in the course of the International Conference on Reconstruction Assistance to Afghanistan in Tokyo, call on the United Nations and the international community to provide assistance and, in turn, jointly confirm their own intention to render such support to the reconstruction of Afghanistan.
Amhara NRS State Council
During this period, the Latin American and Caribbean Committee for the Defence of Women's Rights presented 43 Alternative Reports on States' compliance with women's rights from a gender perspective.
:: Official residence
1. In order to enable States to give effect to an order for forfeiture, the order shall specify:
:: The scope of the mandate of the Secretariat, in particular the relevant bodies that will be entitled to receive Secretariat services
I have thought it no sin to bore through a wall, or destroy a staircase; but I cannot so easily persuade myself to pierce a heart or take away a life.
Recommendation in paragraphs 11(d) and 32
The provisions were also welcomed by some as an indication that countermeasures were a fact, which resulted from the international system which lacked the means for law enforcement found in domestic systems.
We built the plant at top speed and minimum cost
"We the peoples" clearly expresses the concept that the United Nations constituency is not limited to Governments - that it is mankind.
The mandatory effectiveness of accounting ruled by law and the improvement of accounting information market are the driving force of system reform in forensic accounting.
Public Budget International Organization (ASIP) (formerly known as Asociación Interamericana e Ibérica de Presupuesto Público) (1998-2001)
 (a) WFP office facilities in Huambo took a direct rocket hit early February 1993 and burned to the ground.
Carcinoma of the oesophagus usually extends by local invasion and lymphatic spread.
(e) Calls upon States that have not done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families as a matter of priority, and requests the Secretary-General to continue his efforts to promote and raise awareness of the Convention;
Recalling the commitments made by the Government of Sudan and the Government of South Sudan in the 20 June 2011 Agreement between the Government of Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement on Temporary Arrangements for the Administration and Security of the Abyei Area, the 29 June 2011 Agreement between the Government of the Sudan and the Government of South Sudan on Border Security and the Joint Political and Security Mechanism (JPSM), and the 30 July 2011 Agreement on the Border Monitoring Support Mission between the Government of Sudan and the Government of South Sudan, as well as the 27 September 2012 Agreements on Cooperation and Security Arrangements, the JPSM's 8 March 2013 decision, and the Implementation Matrix of 12 March 2013, reached by the Government of Sudan and the Government of South Sudan in Addis Ababa under the auspices of the African Union High-level Implementation Panel (AUHIP),
Pakistan stated that the recommendations not taken on board by Bangladesh were clearly those that neither fell under the rubric of international human rights standards nor conformed to its national laws, commitments and values.
In 1997, 319,000 babies were born out of wedlock (25 per cent of total births, as against 23 per cent in 1996, and 21 and 20 per cent in 1995 and 1994 respectively).
US$ billions
In order to ensure and maintain public confidence, partnerships should be the subject of regular review by the secretariat, the Multidisciplinary Expert Panel, the Bureau and the Plenary to ensure that they continue to serve the purpose for which they were intended and to check that they remain relevant to delivery of the work programme.
Tell him to find me an acre of land.
any data from samples taken.
(England/China/Japan)Where are you from (England/China/JapanWhat country are you fromI'm from China
On 20 July 2006, a total of 16 500 infringing game cartridges bearing forged trademarks of 鈥淣intendo鈥?and 鈥淕ameboy鈥? with an estimated value of $1.65 million, were seized from an export consignment destined for Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The waiter went away.
89. In order to implement the proposed results-based management framework and to provide overall guidance and support, it is therefore proposed that a results-based management section be established in the Department of Management.
24. The Investment Management Division, with the assistance of the Procurement Division, is currently conducting the Fund's first-ever request for proposal for equity brokerage services.
18. Global seizures of cocaine and its potential availability on the world market, 1993-2003
So one should not be surprised at the reaction generated by Ichiro the Hero when he signed a contract to play for America's Baseball Team, the Seattle Mariners.
(iii) Assistance in establishing and promoting telecommunication links at the subregional, regional and interregional levels, especially among developing countries;
That would have been a useful tool 15 years ago.
P/L.25
America's first family has its share of parenting headaches with George Bush's twin daughters acting out their resentment at his chosen career with underage drinking binges and other escapades.
 (e) Monitoring the effectiveness of agreed coordination structures and assignment of responsibilities among operational organizations for each complex emergency;
In their estimation, the Office held the most promise as a viable and integrated alternative dispute-resolution institution in the United Nations system.
165. The SBI recommended the following dates for future sessional periods for adoption by the COP at its seventeenth session:
28. The participants agreed on the following action points:
Having fun is no longer the goal. Learning and growing are now a chore. Goals are no longer lofty.
UNITAR Fellowship Programme at Columbia University Law School and UNITAR Visitor Programme at New York University School of Law
He opened his own spa and began experimenting with ways to prepare more palatable health foods.
31. The role of the regional commissions and the regional offices of other United Nations entities varies from one entity to another.
But by Sunday, the police were once again barring access to the street where she lives.
27 February 2006
Guifeng Zongmi
5. Improving the collection, reporting and analysis of data to monitor the implementation of the Political Declaration and Plan of Action on International Cooperation towards an Integrated and Balanced Strategy to Counter the World Drug Problem.
2. This Convention does not exclude any jurisdiction exercised by an international criminal tribunal.
Updated road map to and outline of the medium-term strategic plan for 2014-2017
(iv) Health information systems developed:
The 80/20 Rule:Eat healthy 80 percent of the time - the other 20 percent - eat whatever the hell you like (but not after 9pm)
- A prohibition on the establishment or maintenance of offices of Ariana Afghan Airlines and the Taliban;
To ensure appropriate allocation and flow of benefits to women farmers, Gender Sensitisation Modules (GSM) were developed during 2007-08.
To require all newly registered taxis to use LPG fuel from 2001.
Three tonnes of marijuana and 400 kilograms of cocaine had been confiscated in a recent operation that had identified 15 fincas and one milk-processing plant which had been acquired with laundered drug money.
There were 7,100 registered societies in 2009, compared to 3,900 in 1988 and 5,300 in 1999.
Idyllically calm and peaceful; suggesting happy tranquillity.
The Committee adopted draft resolution VIII, contained in document A/62/23 (Chapter XII), by a recorded vote of 145 to 3 with 2 abstentions.
The case of Sierra Leone highlights the dangers of an imbalance between resources, efforts and outcomes.
Meet a little track tester who proves this to be true.
Emphasizing the essential role of the United Nations in the establishment of a mutually verifiable nuclear-weapon-free zone,
(7) Export-oriented enterprises invested in and operated by foreign businesses for which in any year the output value of all export products amounts to 70% or more of the output value of the products of the enterprise for that year may pay enterprise income tax at the tax rate specified in the Tax Law reduced by one half after the period of enterprise income tax exemptions or reductions has expired in accordance with the provisions of the Tax Law.
Meaningful participation in the proposed Peacebuilding Commission and Human Rights Council needed to be assured.
Everyone likes to go to the movies when they have free time
With respect to Chagas disease, it has not been possible in the last four years to reduce infection rates by 25 per cent for municipalities with Chagas infection rates above 3 per cent, so that achievement of this goal is at risk, since there would have to be no municipality with a Chagas infestation rate above 3 per cent by 2015.
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget):
Naval violations
Pursuant to the Arab desire to support the steadfastness of the Palestinian people in their struggle to recover their rights and to provide all forms of support and assistance to confront Israeli schemes,
The basis of this argument is , of course, knowing the value of money, and the idea that children of the poor know this, and those of the wealthy do not .
ANNOUNCEMENTS Staff Council
The base scenario includes general-purpose funds plus earmarked project funds received or pledged.
The fish germplasm detection, the variety screening technology and the developmental prospect of fish breeding was also probed into at last.
- Forfeiture of firearms and cancellation of licence and permit
I wasn't hiding. I was deep in prayer.
Text in the control will not automatically be wrapped, so it will scroll to the right until a line break is reached.
At the request of the Conference of the Parties, at the second part of its sixth session, the subsidiary bodies would consider the recommendations relating to the guidelines for the preparation of national adaptation programmes of action (see FCCC/SBI/2001/7) and would forward, as appropriate, a draft decision for consideration by COP 7.
Besides operator levies, minimum-subsidy auctions have proved a smart form of subsidization, including for USFs.
9. Demands that the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) provide an updated list of all persons detained and transferred from Kosovo to other parts of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro), specifying the charge, if any, under which each individual is detained, and that it guarantee their families and non-governmental organizations and international observers unimpeded and regular access to those who remain in detention and release all individuals detained and transferred from Kosovo prior to July 1999 in violation of international humanitarian and human rights standards;
The Kelbajar District spans some 1,936 square kilometers of mountains and valleys north-west of Stepanakert/Khankendi.
UNDP/EEC Trust Fund for Support to Parliamentary and Presidential Elections in Guyana
At the end of the film, the man becomes a thief out of sheer desperation.
Snookered by a lot of malarkey about family values, the public elected Bush as President.
The mission lasted 2 hours 10 minutes, after which the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
:: Resolution 689 of the thirty-second session of the Council of Arab Ministers of Social Affairs, concerning preparations for the third session of the Arab Economic and Social Development Summit, held in Riyadh on 21 and 22 January 2013;
Denmark
14. The Board’s follow-up during the biennium 1996–1997 showed that the Administration had initiated measures, including suspension of cash assistance to Governments, which had failed to liquidate overdue cash assistance and more effective monitoring of cash assistance to Governments.
Indeed, the proper functioning of EU institutions requires that no important constituency (left or right, East or West, and so forth) feels left out.
To achieve inclusive deliberations, the CoChairpersons are urged to ensure the participation of more panellists from developing countries.
48锛嶵he Bank Guarantee should be valid until the agreed dates of delivery, or as may be extended through agreement by both parties.
Yulia: And, by the way, I was pregnant while recording the album.
Big potatoes rise to the top on rough roads, and people rise to the top in rough times.
This provision covers emoluments and costs for the travel of interpreters, verbatim reporters, revisers, translators, audio equipment operators and additional linguistic typists recruited specifically for meetings, including hearings and judicial deliberations.
It will hinge on the right policies, including on required skills training for a smooth and equal transition to a green economy, and on institutions capable of implementing them.
Chief, Business Continuity Management Unit (P-5)
(Amendment to L/C) (1).Pls amend the foregoing L/C to read piece length in 30 yards instead of 40 yards
Responses were received from members of the Committee and observers and taken into consideration in revising the draft decision guidance document on aldicarb.
"We have taken steps to combat threats related to IT security and computer viruses by continually monitoring the development of IT security related vulnerabilities," he said.
 For this reason, they are duty-bound to comply with the resolutions of the Security Council and, in this case, specifically with resolution 425 (1978), which would allow Lebanon to exercise fully its sovereign rights and political independence and to enjoy territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders.
Thus, a subsidiary programme structure has only been retained for Major Programme F, since it covers a range of cross-cutting initiatives.
General provisions
2004/117. Human rights and human responsibilities 333
Thus, it is crucial that they learn of these existing tools and instruments, which they could use when they have complaints and grievances on climate change activities that are not done properly.
Only then in the words of one of the saints will the water extinguish what the flames have written.
Numerous historical documents prove that the millions of Azerbaijanis suffering ethnic cleansing and genocide in 1905-1907, 1918-1920, 1948-1953 in their historical ethnic territories were murdered in massive numbers and obliged to flee from their native lands.
In Myanmar, the official death toll was 61, with 200 villages and 10,000 to 12,000 people directly or indirectly affected along the southern coast.
The essential of happiness are: to hope to act, and to love!
By 13 May 2009c
In these tasks the coordinated efforts of all, but foremost of the United Nations, NATO and the European Union, are vital.
Often, housemaids are unfamiliar with the city surroundings, so it is difficult for them to seek help outside the house.
869. UNOPS duly implemented processes and controls to address the issues identified by the Board by launching a new project management workspace incorporating project risk profiles that flags items requiring high-level review and authorization.
As also indicated in paragraph 25C.53 of the proposed programme budget, various resolutions of the Assembly have encouraged training.
2 May 1997
A number of speakers from developing countries described efforts in the area of South-South financial cooperation.
The report of the Joint Inspection Unit was introduced by Inspector Armando Duque González.
32. UNIFEM supports stronger gender equality capacity in the institutions that contribute to peace-building, as well as those that are critical to post-conflict reconstruction, especially the United Nations integrated missions and needs assessment teams, Ministries of Justice, electoral commissions and truth and reconciliation commissions.
Develop new crops
Organization of work of the Third Committee - - Note by the Secretariat [A C E F R S] - - 12 pages
And South Korean manufacturers are benefiting from faster-than-expected recovery in China, the biggest buyer of Korean goods.
 The above rates are subject to supplements of 10 and 25 per cent for staff at D-1/D-2 and ASG/USG levels respectively.
Clarification was sought concerning the issue of predictability, including the estimated flow of assistance to UNHCR.
The indigenous representative stated that the "review" was to determine whether those treaties were intended to be domestic arrangements or binding agreements
I want the book that you borrowed from the library.
Phobos
When is the relaxed Scheme open for application?
Netherlands Platform Older People and Europe (NPOE)
I wish to refer you to an incident which occurred. . . , calling for some remedial action.
It wished to know whether there are guarantees for free exercise of religion.
 Periods of reform must alternate with phases of consolidation.
In addition, all transactions and projects supported by export credit agencies are often protected by confidentiality provisions that prevent their publication among the population and the potentially affected communities, thus undermining the human rights principles of transparency and participation.
i've got a snorty laugh. it's repulsive.
Look! How grand and magnificent the Tian'anmen Gate-tower is!
In comparison, during the same period in 2008 interpretation was provided for 82 per cent of "as required" meetings (188 out of 230 meetings requested).
F-15K
General Hamdan talked very negatively about Mr. Hariri, accusing him of being pro-Israeli.
461. In the State of Chiapas, with the formal announcement in June 1998, refugees are receiving legal immigrant status under a policy formally announced in June 1998.
Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and the
The knowledge you have will enhance your reputation.
Annual population growth is 0.4% and life expectancy 74.1 years.
In fulfillment of the deriving obligations stemming from the above mentioned two Conventions, the Act 480/1976 (Official Gazette 314 23/11/76) "for the prevention of illicit acts against the safety of aviation", was published.
Once the extra dimensions of M theory have curled up, particle physics provides a plausible understanding of how the universe evolved.
38. The situation in Afghanistan (resolution 64/11).
The proud have hid a snare for me, and cords; they have spread a net by the wayside; they have set gins for me.
Additional requirements for special missions would continue to be handled in accordance with General Assembly resolution 41/213.
It was only through a genuine spirit of partnership and joint participation that the objectives of the Monterrey Consensus could be achieved.
Now there was added a proclivity to emulate the scale of French colonial rule.
Identify the small things in life that make you feel good and do one daily.
In China, parents hoped they could make a little bit more money so they could send their sons to a teacher to learn how to read and write.
Block copolymers can form various ordered structure aggregations via self-assembly.
The absence of a central educational authority in Somalia has led to inconsistency in educational standards, including curricula and textbooks of acceptable quality.
Project started in the fourth quarter of last year.
In 2006, the Fisheries Management Act was reissued in toto as Act No. 116/2006, replacing the earlier Act No. 38/1990.
" I spoke rather sharply.
(b) Improved environmental performance in countries with economies in transition
However, it’s an often forgotten about part of productivity.
That programme is integrated with existing operations and relies on non-governmental organizations (NGOs), communities, organizations of persons living with HIV/AIDS and basic health structures.
171. For this reason, the Military Intelligence Service does not have the authority to act in the capacity of judicial police, whether the matter concerns arrest or detention or the entering or searching of homes.
This offence is deemed, for the purposes of New Zealand's domestic law, to be included in bilateral extradition treaties with other parties to the Montreal Protocol (section 7A(1)).
Gender stereotypes about these being "masculine territory" help to sustain the gender unfriendliness with regard to women's pursuit of careers in these fields.
190. Angola: According to reports, no measures have been adopted systematically to address domestic violence and provide support services for victim-survivors.
Open Dialogue and Full Engagement
Part of the problem is that the current system is overloaded.
(24 members; four-year term)
Tokyo had protested about the manoeuvre "through diplomatic channels" , the official said.
He stare at every people who get off from the plane disbelievingly
In that context, it highlighted various examples demonstrating deviation from legislative mandates on the part of various Secretariat entities, including CEB.
It is time for them and for us all to look forward.
Noting with deep concern that, in a number of countries in all regions of the world, impunity for threats, attacks and acts of intimidation against human rights defenders persists and that this has a negative impact on their work and safety,
Studios use forecasts at this point to help them pick a movie and the markets for release
Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre, China
Mechanisms set up by the Economic Community of Central African States to promote economic integration and sustainable peace and security in the subregion have not yet become fully operational.
For tort claims, the proper avenue for redress is the Federal Tort Claims Act.
Establishing a framework of bilateral agreements facilitated such exchanges and strengthened cooperation for purposes of prevention.
The team then inspected all the factory's facilities and areas under construction, using an x-ray scanning device.
In this paper, scanner is calibrated with tone reproduction curve and polynomial regression .
Report of the Executive Director on the proposed revised biennial programme budget for 1998-1999 (E/CN.7/1999/13)
At least 5 - years wroking  experiences in sales of transformers or related products.
Deviation from consumption-reduction schedules by Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 for the years 2006 and 2007
Operation and maintenance of 1 unmanned aircraft system to conduct aerial surveillance along border areas
The medal was backed by a small oval of wood, polished smooth by centuries of wear.
Patty: Do you like this style, Honey?
We agree that achieving universal support for such a goal should be a paramount objective, the attainment of which is possible through a negotiating process in which due consideration can be given to national security concerns of involved parties.
It gives the description of a typical occasion of the palace ladies spinning and silk.
* Management: full provisions for Conduct and Discipline Team
Security can be guaranteed across the country only when there is inclusive governance and public trust in the democratic process.
E/1986/4/Add.9
You can however take this opportunity to teach your son a valuable lesson about love and forgiveness.
141. Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations (resolutions 49/233 and 62/250 to 62/252).
Having said this, and knowing as we do that some powerful ones -- just a few -- present here will be chagrined, and also knowing that they are shared by many, Cuba will now tell some truths.
- Bus interface: AGP 2X 2.0 compliant, PCI 2.1;
:: Damaging fishing practices (use of explosives or poisons)
The Panel finds that the contract losses alleged by Strojexport relate entirely to work that was performed prior to 2 May 1990.
D. REMAINING CHALLENGES AND DIFFICULTIES
No one could deny that for most developing countries, aid was an investment in development, not just a transfer of financial resources.
250. The magnitude of the geographical differences is illustrated by the infant mortality rates: in 1990 the rate for the whole country was 50 per 1,000 live births (43.6 in urban areas) but rural areas exceeded the national average with a rate of 59 per 1,000.
Sixty-second session
Note: The summary of the 2nd meeting of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Whole will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 2002/92 (Part I)).
He warned that, “if you let inflation expectations drift too far away from the target, you can end up in quite serious difficulty with a costly process to bring them back again.”
Declaration provided for in article 12, paragraph 3
The automobile sector - booming until earlier in the year - is reporting lower car sales.
(c) A framework for rest and recuperation travel, considered critical for staff, be introduced, consisting of payment of travel expenses from the duty station to a designated location as well as of a lump-sum amount of $750 as a contribution towards accommodation costs and terminal expenses.
Mr. Stjepan Mesića
In Arusha, the United Nations Detention Facility sub-unit cared for detainees, prisoners and prisoner-witnesses.
National measures within the legal system refer mainly to the development and application of various legal tools, such as criminal sanctions and—something that has mostly gone unnoticed so far—the use of non-criminal measures such as liability, negligence or the confiscation of illicit assets.
Libyan women hold various leadership positions, including:
75. A draft law had also been drawn up on the introduction of amendments to several acts of the Government of the Russian Federation on the prevention of the legalization of funds obtained by criminal means (money-laundering) and the financing of terrorism.
A rubbery substance derived from the latex of any of several tropical trees of the genera Palaquium and Payena, used as an electrical insulator, as a waterproofing compound, and in golf balls.
18 February
He leave his property in trust for his grandchildren.
The Committee meets biennially.
With regard to the interest paid on the money borrowed to cover payroll, Bangladesh Consortium seeks compensation in the amount of USD 1,395,865.
Armenia, having committed all those crimes, continues to find it appropriate to justify its repugnant policies and to mislead the Assembly.
The child couldn't recommend her to another job she supposed.
On 22 February, the Government of Japan, as lead nation for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, hosted a conference at Tokyo to mobilize international support for the process.
The one of the person's weakness is lazy.
Monday, 21 December 2009
Asturias, Spain
Mary was clutching her doll to her chest.
These have been mainly through innovative projects and programmes in areas such as: early childhood to improve school readiness and get more children to start school at the right age; support for teacher training to help improve quality of schooling; the supply of teaching/learning resources to improve learning achievement; the provision of school meals and health checks to support regular attendance by disadvantaged children; the provision of water and sanitation facilities to make schools healthy and safe; advocacy for the right of all children to education, and support for those who can facilitate this right; measures to support girls' participation and performance in education; and measures to restore learning opportunities to children affected by emergencies such as natural disasters or civil conflict.
Poverty eradication and sustainable development must therefore remain the central and overarching objectives of the post-2015 development agenda.
Answer these questionsif (it is) possible without referring to the book.
The twentieth century, the late nineties, Lessoil had the intention to enter China, has been planned as the most important global development strategies.
66/197 Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development
Cognizant that the administering Power has undertaken a programme of transferring surplus federal land to the Government of Guam,
Introductory statements were made by the Vice-Chair of the Joint Inspection Unit (by video link), and the Senior Advisor on Information Management Policy Coordination, Secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
Unless otherwise agreed, the entitlement begins on the third day following the onset of the incapacity.
Adopted decision 2007/32 on the UNDP strategic plan, 2008-2011.
Following the consultation, the President made a nine-point statement that was circulated as an official press statement by the Council.
Just as you need air to breathe, you need opportunity to succeed.
59. Benin also has a Growth and Poverty Reduction Strategy (GPRS) for 2007-2009, which focuses on: the acceleration of growth, the development of infrastructures, the strengthening of human capital, the promotion of good governance and the balanced and lasting development of the country.
targeting of children or women in situations of armed conflict
The contents of our myPlugin.zip would be as follows
The living standards of the people have improved considerably.
The meeting rose at 12.20 p.m.
On 10 June 2013, his family received a phone call from a man who claimed he had been in a pretrial detention centre in Tashkent with Mr.Abdurakhmonov.
Promotion and protection of all human rights, civil,
We get to Bei Jing.Please get off the train.
But it may also be that investors are more careless about choosing hedge funds than they should be.
169. It is essential to make water a priority.
II. Background
Non-expendable property
Agenda item 33: Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (continued)
It was also agreed that other forms of PPP that could be integrated within core PPPs without substantial additional work would also be addressed.
(1) Implementation by the Council of paragraph 22 of cease-fire resolution 687 (1991);
2. Decides to review the decision in paragraph one (1) after a period of ninety (90) days and expresses its determination to reinstate the measures in paragraph 10 of resolution 1521 (2003) unless the Council is informed by that time that the forestry legislation proposed by the FRMC has been passed;
The interest shown by my country in these matters is even greater now as we enter the implementation stage of the Programme of Action.
Freight trains travel slowly on upgrades into the hills.
Fellow of the British Academy, 1979- .
:: Identification and voter registration
Kehr helped me into my coat.
He spoke with fire and conviction, mincing no words in his attack upon the slaves and their morality and tactics and frankly alluding to his hearers as the slaves in question.
Dudu bear and Maomao cat are playing with some kittens together.
(a) Regional mission cooperation 56. The United Nations Logistics Base would continue to provide support to the World Food Programme in terms of both ground handling support to the United Nations Humanitarian Response Depot centre in Brindisi and general support for the WFP training centre at San Vito, Italy.
87. Reduction of military budgets:
For some tasks, the scope has been narrowed to Headquarters, offices away from Headquarters and regional commissions owing to the progress that the Department of Field Support has already made in creating the enterprise data centres.
Given the huge size of the world, are there any microclimates?
122. Promote products that are either degradable and are returned to nature after use or, at end use, will be recycled as industrial feedstocks to produce new products.
Mediator style depends on the numerous factors and variables of the particular conflict, such as the disputants' reputation or the nature of the dispute (duration, intensity and issues).
This position has been affirmed by the General Assembly in later resolutions (resolutions 52/72 of 10 December 1997, 53/61 of 3 December 1998, 54/84 of 6 December 1999, 55/138 of 8 December 2000 and 56/66 of 10 December 2001).
These cave temples were created in the image of the World Cave that Mithras had created according to the Persian creation myth.
She said, I want my child to be white as this cloth, white as the snow
The third chapter analyses the non-currency cost and profit of labor transfer.
Annexes I. Agenda for the fortieth executive session of the Board 22
22. The Special Committee further decided to adopt the suggestions of the Chairman relating to the allocation of items and the procedure for their consideration (A/AC.109/L.1811, paras. 2 and 3).
Registration also enhances your credibility because you are professional enough to take this step. See Resources.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.23
- Member of the delegations presenting Benin's periodic reports on the implementation of human rights conventions
Owing to an unexpected production problem on the part of our manufacturer, we are unable to make delivery of the goods on schedule.
NQI effectively supports industry and other national customers.
Answers to questions raised in the letter dated 20 September 2004 of the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee regarding the implementation of resolution 1373
1. The present concept paper presents various staff funded mechanisms for supporting the Office of Staff Legal Assistance (OSLA) of the Office of Administration of Justice (OAJ), as requested by the General Assembly in paragraphs 40 and 41 of its resolution 65/251.
There are two types of cell lines.
23. In close coordination with other members of the Peace Implementation Council, the Office of the High Representative has worked over the reporting period with the Ministry of Security of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the State Investigation and Protection Agency, the Border Police and the entity and cantonal interior ministries and police forces to enhance their effectiveness, particularly in the fight against organized crime.
And right after that I know it's not right But at that moment   I didn't see christina.
Report of the Secretary-General
Case 322: MAL 8 - Zimbabwe: Harare High Court; Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation v. Flame Lily Broadcasting (Pvt.) Ltd., Judgment No. HH-249-99 (15 December 1999)
The opening meeting and the high-level segment of the fifth session will be held at the Austria Center Vienna on Monday, 18 October 2010, beginning at
Participating in negotiations on allocation of funds for the OSCE border-monitoring missions to Georgia; provision of international financial assistance to the voluntary fund created for the withdrawal of foreign troops from the territory of Georgia
She was seen as a potentially subversive within the party.
Programme of work
Chairman of Minority Rights Group, 1999-2002
10. The "other" category under the current major objects of expenditure structure represents 9.7 per cent of the gross combined budgets (PBC.16/9, table).
<span class='class1'>Manyspan> <span class='class2'>bridgesspan> <span class='class3'>spanspan> the <span class='class4'>Thamesspan>.
Rule by law is actually compelling the other half justice to fall through!
But only if heaps of other people had powers.
Costed action plans, finalized this year as part of our universal access road map, are guiding intensified efforts for national coverage of a minimum package of HIV prevention services for injecting drug users and men who have sex with men, and for the prevention of mother-to-child transmission.
Any comprehensive review of the domestic legislation to ensure compliance with the Convention;
Then she could have scorched him with hot words.
HAL 9000
In order to give effect to the relevant provisions of the 1995 Fish Stocks Agreement and General Assembly fisheries resolutions to ensure the long-term sustainability of marine living resources, and in recognition of the fact that effective flag State control is fundamental to ensure the effectiveness of fisheries management, many flag States have taken steps to ensure that fishing vessels entitled to fly their flag do not engage in any activity which undermines the effectiveness of international conservation and management measures or in any activity that constitutes unauthorized fishing in areas under the national jurisdiction of other States.
This aim can be achieved only through inclusive dialogue for reconciliation and the provision of urgent services to the population, so as to achieve noticeable improvements in the lives of Somalis.
Women's rights are human rights, yet violations of women's rights prevail in every country worldwide.
Click on Removed URLs to see that the URL is now listed there.
It was acknowledged that the draft formats and questionnaires would require further modification based first on comments received from representatives during this session and then from the comments and experience gained during field-testing.
Component 1: substantive
To that end, the subprogramme includes major joint activities with UNDP, WHO, FAO and UNIDO in particular, in addition to partnerships with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
II. Somali natural resources and waters
These partnerships promote environmentally sound practices in the internal and external operations of these institutions, and awareness and understanding of the benefits accrued by these enterprises by integrating environmental considerations into their operational policies.
Where the truth in the matter of those who failed to hold, in the event the letter is also insufficient.
The detention must be in accordance with the law.
Database theory
In 2008, the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people sent a joint communication calling the attention of the Government to the alleged illegal seizure of the traditional lands of indigenous communities in the Chittagong Hill Tracts.
Creating markets for sustainable development
Protocol III, on incendiary weapons, might need to be revised in order to reflect the important developments since its adoption and thereby strengthen the protection of civilians from that category of weapon.
The adoption of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities has had a positive impact on the work and vision of Inclusion International.
ICG noted with appreciation the achievements of providers and users of positioning, navigation and timing services in promoting GNSS, as reflected in the publication "10 years of achievement of the United Nations on Global Navigation Satellite Systems" (ST/SPACE/55).
They asked Smith to put his cards on the table.
The snail points to his mucus trailing the iron scaffolding.
At its forty-seventh session (New York, 13-17 May 2013), the Working Group continued its consideration of draft provisions on electronic transferable records.
The latest mandate, on Design for All, was issued in 2010.
Discrepancies requiring investigation are significantly lower both in number and in value.
The inner connection between the particularity of the feedback theory and general linear circuit are discussed.
B: The L/C should be valid for 15 days after the date of shipment
and is there knowledge in the most High?
5. Report of the Ad Hoc Committee on Home Care
Secretariat of the United Nations Scientific Committee
Congo
Carfree city
Following an invitation of the Government of Peru, a preparatory mission by a delegation, composed of UNIDO staff and representatives of the UNOV Conference Management Service and the United Nations Security and Safety Service, was undertaken in Peru from 21 to 23 October 2012.
Typically, it takes a few seconds for the thought to be turned into a robotic action.
Latvia
It was stressed that there was a need to strengthen the role of the State, including its role in improving the climate for private sector activity, by removing unnecessary regulations and enhancing the institutional regulatory and judicial frameworks for that activity.
Also, UNFPA was the direct recipient of donations from private corporations ($1.2 million), foundations ($2.1 million) and individuals ($0.1 million).
Both spouses had submitted medical certificates and had called the police on several occasions.
The problem of unwanted pregnancies among teenage.
It was true that there was no authoritative definition of the object and purpose of the Convention, but for the sake of argument it could be said that there were three main purposes: first, to eliminate any discriminatory provisions of law; second, to achieve de facto equality; and, third, to eliminate stereotyped attitudes.
In 2001 there were four (4) University Graduates teaching at Primary Schools.
Governments would tax and regulate the drug trade, and use the funds raised (and the billions saved on law-enforcement) to educate the public about the risks of drug-taking and to treat addiction.
People by district in Samoa
" Louise pressed with all the strength of her little hands on the top of the portmanteau.
58. The Security Council endorsed my recommendations for an amended concept of operations and force level of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus, including the downsizing of the military personnel and an increase in its police component.
In addition, climate change poses threats, with the most serious consequences reserved for those who lack the means to prepare for, and adapt to, the adverse impacts.
This lesson holds true for the U.S., and for all countries contemplating healthcare reform.
In the cases so far recorded involving offences against journalists all the steps foreseen by the RS have been taken.
This policy objective is gaining momentum and is perhaps the effort around which the cooperation and dialogue between the Council and ACC have been most intensive and fruitful in the recent period.
Local load or patch load which is applied perpendicular to the flange of I-girders and transferred to the web occurs in various situations in steel structures.
The author points out that there is no decision by any investigative body or any court addressing the torture allegations.
7. Mr. Payet discussed the importance of sustainable forest management in achieving sustainable human development and how the Seychelles is developing its eco-tourism sector.
Activities during 1991/92 reduced the annual incidence of tuberculosis by 6.4 per cent.
The Latin America and the Caribbean regional conference on advancing the teaching profession, held in Jamaica in November 2012, was attended by participants representing Anguilla, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands and Montserrat.
A political party enjoys the rights of a legal entity and may conduct its activities from the date of its registration.
This network deals with the specific situation and needs of refugees.
 22. On the subject of New Caledonia, his delegation supported the French Government's positive adherence to the Matignon Accords which formed the basis for a peaceful transition towards political autonomy.
At its meeting on 1-3 April 2008, the Council on General Affairs and Policy of the Hague Conference invited the Permanent Bureau to continue its exploration of the development of an instrument concerning choice of law in international business-to-business contracts with a view to promoting party autonomy.
You can see a complete list of the differences here
13. Acknowledges the desire of the partners to reaffirm their commitment to each other, and welcomes the agreement reached in Wellington on 19 June 2003 on the text of an agreement on the principles underpinning the relationship for which the formal approval of the Government of New Zealand is being sought;
(c) The training of trainers, in particular those delivering pre-service and in-service training, who should be qualified and experienced human rights education practitioners and should reflect the diversity of the learners;
Namibian people of Dutch descent
Always ensure the spray area is safe and free from allthat may fire or trip hazard.
Contact the ORO or an agent of the ORO or the provisional trustee as notified in a letter issued by the ORO to make an appointment for interview and arrangements for handing over the assets and the accounting books and records in the case of trading bankruptcy.
The State party should amend its legislation to address the right of torture victims to redress, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention.
87. The Secretariat for Health.
These hydrocarbon-based coolants would replace existing refrigerants that harm the stratospheric ozone layer and the climate system.
at 4?3 I didn't take the opportunity to finish it off.
At the end of the period under review, UNJSPF had more than half of its assets in currencies other than the United States dollar.
 (h) Letter dated 5 October 1993 from the Permanent Representative of China to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/48/477);
(b) Guidelines for the preparation of consolidated inter-agency appeals have been developed to ensure consistency, effectiveness, field-orientation and priority focus of such appeals;
(d) For action by JIU: While actions by Member States and participating organizations are vital, JIU itself is committed to continuing its efforts to improve working methods, procedures, effectiveness and relevance.
The Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management is responsible for implementing this recommendation.
24. Also decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 119,484,292 dollars for the period from 1 July 2008 to 26 February 2009, in accordance with the levels updated in resolution 61/243, and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2008 and 2009, as set out in resolution 61/237;
Circuit boards for communications equipment
Address: Unit 11-16, G/F, Nam Yiu House, Nam Shan Estate, Sham Shui Po, Kowloon
It seeks to set out the basic economic, social, and cultural rights of individual and nations, including notably the rights to -(a) self-determination; (b) wages sufficient to support a minimum standard of living; (c) equal pay for equal work; (d) equal opportunity for advancement; (e) form trade unions; (f) strike; (g) paid or otherwise compensated maternity leave; (h) free primary education and access to education at all levels; and (i) copyright, patent, trademark, and the protection of intellectual property.
And I've saved the best, of course, for last. The Elevator Proposal.
At the same time, developing countries should take steps to carry out reforms, especially in the areas of domestic revenue mobilization, strengthened governance and the fight against corruption.
If a suit is called for, get one that you can maneuver in easily and isn't all itchy.
We shall miss you greatly, but we look forward to meeting again in the future.
20. Issues connected with poverty and their interlinkages with human rights have been reflected to varying extents in the work and reports of a number of Special Rapporteurs and independent experts of the Human Rights Council and Commission on Human Rights, including those listed below.
During 1994-1995, the connection of Permanent Missions to the United Nations to the optical disk system (at present 20 in New York and 14 at Geneva) will be continued.
development, especially to the developing countries (A/C.2/53/L.4))
There have been a number of cases of deaths in police custody and in prisons of members of ethnic minority communities in which no officers of the police or the prison service have been prosecuted nor disciplinary action taken against them by the Independent Police Complaints Authority or the Crown Prosecution Service.
The Chief of the Finance Management and Support Service of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations replied to questions posed.
She promised to attend the ceremony.
After discussion, the Working Group adopted that proposal.
They be to kill almaximum anything these aroemploy or eat it.
Coenzyme M
Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights
(g) Educational measures for all segments of the population in the spirit of the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination and intolerance;
At this stage I would like to suspend the meeting and invite delegations to join the Secretary-General of the Conference and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Algeria in a brief ceremony just outside in the Salle des Pas Perdus during which a gift from the Government of Algeria will be presented to the United Nations.
Another user took at the speech itself rather than the act of censorship.
. Balanced budget .
The EGTT also requested the secretariat to prepare a technical paper on enabling environments for technology transfer on the basis of the terms of reference agreed by the EGTT, with a view to finalizing the paper at its third meeting.
Bad habits are formed by the slow and steady accumulation of mindless minutes.
So far, Europe’s fragile economic recovery has been based largely on exports.
Rally racing video games
CONTENTS Paragraphs Page
In three other countries, national committees for the implementation of the Code have been established with representatives from government and the industry.
The COP may wish to take the additional workload entrusted to these two organizations into consideration when reviewing budgetary means made available, as well as when discussing performance and the possible reorientation of their mandates.
Although she was not convinced by the argument put forward by the representative of the United States, she would not insist on her proposal to replace "does not render a registered notice ineffective" with "does not render the registration of a notice ineffective".
Coal-information online identification based on RBF neural network
Sleep treatment Ambien's sales are in free fall, and those of cancer drug Eloxatin are under pressure.
Kuznetsk Basin
Sporulation conditions of Alternaria alternata in tobacco were studied in the experiment.
I should be very much obliged to you if you could grant me a visiting scholar position and provide me with financial support.
Inclusiveness and participation in the promotion of gender equality in the information society
All the children in my room were bringing the teacher a gift.
12. Meeting facilities were provided in the early years of the symposiums by the Graz University of Technology and, since 2001, by the Institute for Space Research of the Austrian Academy of Sciences.
Neolamprologus meeli
Blood is the medium in which oxygen is carried to all parts of the body.
People from Santa Barbara County, California
27. In countries that are undergoing a programme of agrarian reform or redistribution of land among groups of different ethnic origins, the right of women, regardless of marital status, to share such redistributed land on equal terms with men should be carefully observed.
However, during his mission, the Special Rapporteur was concerned at reports that some local political and economic elites, including some municipal authorities, had attempted to prohibit or obstruct civil society efforts to construct water cisterns.
Edmund BurkeIf you get simple beauty and nought else, you get about the best things God invents.
1. Ablution units and generators may be excluded if already available.
The question that needs to be addressed is how consideration and action by intergovernmental bodies of all concerned organizations of the system can best be organized and coordinated so as to maximize the level of support for African development.
Ali Mohsen Fetais Al-Marri (Qatar)
* Arab Fund for Technical Assistance to African and Arab Countries
You'll be sorry. 3
The welcome sign is up: : "Welcome home, Max.
A national framework for action on fostering relations between the State and Muslims in Germany was created for the first time at the German Islam Conference.
My brother is constantly picking on me. He is not mean. But he's always being a total pest.
For example anger can be used to make others back down, grief attracts help and fear may stop us rashly attempting difficult or dangerous tasks.
I think I can get my foot in with this line of goods.
But the design requires that this silicon layer be no more than five nanometres (billionths of a metre) deep.
Data are available in Canada, Australia, China, New Zealand, Latin America and the Arctic.
For this reason, all data relating to the identity are of exemplary nature.
The wealthy men, the big men, the successful men, visioned their successes in their minds' eyes before ever they won them from the world.
The briefing will include a discus-sion of preparations for the meetings of the Third Committee on item 105 (Advancement of women) and item 106 (Implementa-tion of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women).
Ms. Akhtar opened the discussion by recalling that it was essential to understand how public governance could contribute to sustainable development in concrete terms.
idelines for voluntary labelling
However, the effectiveness of those structures was undermined by the aid boycott.
The Committee is also concerned about the high school dropout rate and the low number of Roma and Sinti children enrolled in secondary schools and about the fact that very few of them progress to higher education (art. 5).
I'm afraid of a dog.
To let disabled persons enjoy the right to receive education is work on which the Chinese government has expended great effort in recent years.
49/112 Support for the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE) programme
I would be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
 In yet another paragraph he claims that Mrs. Albright when one speaks of the sun, one sees its rays, and I see her coming into the Chamber now met with generals of the Burundi Army.
Two youths loitering near a supermarket were pulled in onsuspicion.
The existing arrangements for intergovernmental review and management of these extrabudgetary funds provide for the Commission on Narcotic Drugs to approve biennial budgets to govern the use of such extrabudgetary resources.
Programme: Public information
(2) Extrabudgetary resources
Recalling further its resolution 62/202 of 19 December 2007, entitled "Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of assets of illicit origin and returning such assets, in particular to the countries of origin, consistent with the United Nations Convention against Corruption",
In relation to the expected military gain, one response indicates that the greater the importance of the military target, the greater the collateral damage allowed.
Jiang: Hello Martin.
5. Direct the Working Group to complete its work on the legislative guide and present it to the Commission in 2004 for approval and adoption.
Further biological information and biomass estimates are obtained during fishery-independent scientific surveys.
The Government has by now successfully defended its initial and, in some instances, second and third periodic reports; this affirms Kazakhstan's commitment to meeting its obligations.
When shall we dish out the important news release?
UNCITRAL Digest of case law on the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods*
The Supreme Court has remanded 29 current or former lawmakers, and is investigating a further 39, over paramilitary ties, proven or alleged.
Kijo
He says the United States backs efforts by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan to end the crisis in Kenya that began with disputed national elections late last year
Bureau of Maritime Affairs
Dont be such a girl, Merlin.
Three new land-based sources and activities protocols are developed in regional seas programmes.
Article 3 of the protocol of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) relating to the Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management, Resolution, Peacekeeping and Security, to which Ghana is a State party, stipulates that one of the objectives of the mechanism is to "prevent, manage and resolve internal and inter-State conflicts", thus making no distinction between international and non-international conflicts.
Applying degenerate isoparametric element, this paper has studied geometrical nonlinear response of composite plates and shells.
African leaders have reaffirmed their commitment and determination to ensure the success of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) by adopting effective measures to implement it, given that it is an initiative aimed at achieving the aspirations of African countries in comprehensive development and ensuring their integration into the global economy.
:: Budget for the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti for the period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 (A/68/737)
In order to serve as means to promote peace and understanding among countries, the Ministers encouraged media to respect the existing codes of conduct and professional ethics.
The SPT found several cases in which persons deprived of their liberty had not been able to inform a third person of their choice about their detention for prolonged periods of time.
21 Sarah Anderson and John Cavanagh, "Bearing the burden: the impact of global financial crisis on workers", Institute for Policy Studies, Washington, D.C., April 2000.
General-purpose funds finance 8 per cent of the UNODC budget (with the remainder financed by the regular budget (11 per cent) and special-purpose funds (81 percent)), including many core functions:
At the end of 2009, a comprehensive evaluation of the senior mission administration and resource training programme was conducted.
Wong Hay-lung, a Primary 3 student of St Mark's School, is delighted with the five chops he gets from playing the technology games. From playing those games, he learns the importance of concentration. He joins the InnoCarnival with 170 students from his school.
Ringed seal
The Implementation Review Group held its second session in Vienna from 30 May to 2 June 2011 and its resumed second session in Vienna from 7 to 9 September 2011 and in Marrakech, Morocco, on 25 October 2011.
Nature of violation
Despite these difficulties the Council considers that in the long term the measures in the action plan will be able to contribute to better preventive and crime prevention measures and better support for victims.
Then again I don't think there are any secrets to mention from someone who has been a loner for a good part of his life and liked his own company.
3 p.m. - 12.00 a.m.
H.E. Mr. Andrei Dapkiunas
7. The present report covers matters that, in the opinion of the Board, should be brought to the attention of the General Assembly.
Now that the warmer weather has come we can cast off our winter clothing .
Page
The University is also developing a strategic plan for the period 1999–2002, which will include strategies for raising and assuring the quality of UNU academic work as well as for mobilizing additional resources for UNU work.
The interior assessment of judges by the courts is one of the important activities of court management.
Resources (thousands of United States dollars)
International action against corruption and for asset recovery
The emphasis was on the research advances in forage quality breeding in recent years.
The Committee also noted that the current scale had been adopted by the General Assembly mainly based on information contained in the Committee's report on its sixty-sixth session, with some additional adjustments.
The new Criminal Code, which entered into force on 22 April 2009, retains the three-year statutory limitation on the offence of bribing a witness.
Defunct federal law enforcement agencies of the United States
This state is caused to a great extent by the restriction of the adaptation terminology and the subjective bias.
As violence is believed to be a perverted exercise of power over somebody perceived to be more vulnerable, it follows that children might be as vulnerable to physical attack from their mother as from their father.
(President of the Republic of Finland)
Acute mountain sickness occurs above altitudes of 8,000ft .
KOC also requests compensation in the amount of US$100,487,387 for the estimated future costs it expected to incur to complete the reconstruction of the marine facilities.
Vaucluse, Doubs
(f) Renewable energies and cleaner production, including corporate responsibility;
Memory's contents are easy to change.
The preparation of the guiding principles and the improved arrangement for inter-agency collaboration should significantly enhance the value of country missions.
We Without Wings
129. The Board expressed its appreciation to the Secretary/CEO for his efforts in this respect and requested, as a matter of urgency, that the United Nations Secretariat offices in charge of the contractual arrangements, the supervision of the renovation work and the procurement of furniture finalize the relocation of the Fund without delay, in order to avoid any additional costs to the Fund.
Professional and above
28. The Administration implemented a new policy on allotments for peacekeeping missions during the financial period under review to increase flexibility.
Property Management Assistant
No, I was hiding, and he was supposed to find me.
United Nations
3.3 As to the Director of Public Prosecutions, the authors argue that he denied an effective remedy by affirming the Regional Public Prosecutor's decision.
The country is fully responsible for its internal affairs, while New Zealand retains responsibility for external affairs and defence in consultation with the Cook Islands.
“Wine Log” and “Wine Snob” are two iPhone applications that track similar information.
Often the perpetrators of this abuse hide behind authoritarian cults or sect-like organizations that protect them from scrutiny and accountability.
Although the lack of data was not surprising, given the newness of the Mission, he encouraged UNTAET to refine the information on its requirements for the next report.
[Adopted by a recorded vote of 25 to 6, with 11 abstentions.
at the Central Government Offices, Hong Kong,
 23. Also requests the Secretary-General and the United Nations bodies to take appropriate measures, in a coordinated manner, to strengthen [within existing resources] the United Nations capacity for gathering and analysing information and developing indicators of social development;
12. Some delegations referred to the adoption, at the end of March, of a European Union Declaration on Combating Terrorism, pursuant to which a Counter-Terrorism Coordinator had been appointed.
Similarly, in certain conventions, declarations have been made to the effect that, in the application of the provision requiring States, if they do not extradite, to submit the case for prosecution, any person committing the relevant offence shall be either prosecuted or extradited without any exception whatsoever.
I'm not sure I will get your MP4 repaired, but let's have a try first. I was always forgetful these days
- Watering all exposed site surfaces and unpaved roads twice daily to control dust emission, particularly during dry weather.
We slipped a nipple over a pop bottle full of warm milk and stuck it into his mouth.
Failure gave me an inner security that I had never attained by passing examinations.
Cross Gate
Adult females
Perching on a twig, the bird sang day after day for the tree.
For example, if there is one additional seat for the Asian group, each country in that region, through a system of rotation, would get the chance to serve as a non-permanent member of the Security Council once every 17 to 18 years.
(1) Please select the year(s) in which your country submitted the report on the production and use of DDT.
21. What measures, if any, have you adopted to criminalize the violation of the arms embargo directed at Usama bin Laden, members of the Al-Qaida organization and the Taliban and other individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated with them?
Article 92 The sponsors shall notify each subscriber of the date of the establishment meeting or make a public announcement for such meeting 15 days in advance.
435. This chapter presents, both in narrative and tabular form, information on programmes, posts, and programme support costs for the countries in the Americas Region.
It gives students the means to directly engage with global policy debates and leaders on a level unparalleled by any other student group.
The wearing of a turban is regarded as a religious duty for a man and is also tied in with a person's identity.
Indeed, no sooner was the referendum’s outcome announced than France’s National Front issued a call for “Frexit,” while Dutch populist Geert Wilders promoted “Nexit.”
5. The request indicates that in 2002 Cyprus called upon the United Nations Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) to assist in the removal of all minefields and other remnants of war in the "buffer zone" and that UNFICYP invited the United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) to act as its advisor on the clearance project.
Khenifra
Vibration machinery design based on the method of "three transformation" synthetic design
Xinjiang鈥檚 foreign trade is conducted in multiple flexible ways, including spot trade, border trade, processing with materials supplied by customers, compensation trade, and tourism.
The increase in the base/floor salary scale would be implemented through the standard method of consolidating post adjustment multiplier points on a no-loss/no-gain basis.
Mr WOO Kwong-ching, Peter, G.B.S., J.P.
Page
Uganda and Germany have mounted an education campaign in cooperation with the pharmaceutical industry to raise awareness of malaria prevention through the use of nets.
Those who lived in the mountains had mines of gold and quarries of fine marble.
s tell our families and friends how much we love them;
Opinions vary, with some financial investors blaming a wave of “irrational exuberance” and others arguing that the cheap credit costs simply reflect benign economic conditions.
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
This situation highlights the importance of flexibility in the application of the SNA recommendations.
Brazil expresses deep regret at the repeated incidents of violence, which present a sombre picture - though, we hope, not an irreversible one - of lost opportunities for democracy in Haiti.
Except for the wealthy, most people select their clothes from the "ready to wear" rack of a clothing store.
They shall conclude an agreement of initiators to clarify their respective rights and obligations during the course of establishingthe company.
84. The Committee is concerned about the length of pre-trial detention and about the large number of detainees still awaiting trial.
10. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 18 September 1992, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, 5/ decided to defer consideration of the item entitled "Question of East Timor" and to include it in the provisional agenda of its forty-eighth session (decision 47/402).
Bossini
Departments were held accountable for explaining significant variances against budgets and had been requested to revise their projections where actual performance was not in line with expected utilization rates.
Noting the major changes affecting that particularly vulnerable part of the world and their social, economic and cultural consequences, the conference's final declaration calls for a major scientific research effort to better understand the mechanisms and effects of environmental change, in particular climate change, and for greater scientific cooperation, which could involve linking all Arctic observation stations.
53. Requests the executive boards of the United Nations funds and programmes, and encourages the governing bodies of the specialized agencies, to adopt cost recovery frameworks by 2013, with a view to their full implementation in 2014, based on the guiding principle of full cost recovery, proportionally, from core and non-core resources, and a simple, transparent and harmonized methodology, providing incentives, including through differentiated cost recovery rates, and taking into account different volumes and nature of funds to increase core funding and more predictable, flexible and less earmarked non-core contributions that are aligned with the strategic plans adopted by the respective governing bodies;
(c) Two years for a person aged between 22 and 24 years;
Adam gets the chance to see how much of Eden he will "regain" .
31. The widespread practice of female genital mutilation continues and is estimated to affect 98 per cent of the female population.
put forward the yearly plan in the investment of the electricity grid project, and further other advice in the building of electricity grid.
63. Ensuring environmental sustainability would require universal support for global environmental conventions.
The Secretary-General is requested in paragraph 7 of this draft resolution (A/51/L.24) to continue his efforts to mobilize all possible assistance within the United Nations system to help the Government of Liberia in its reconstruction and development efforts.
We should extend full support to complete the Prud process.
(a) ETO system . 36 - 38
The bug allows a malicious hacker to gain complete control over a computer
Through greater transparency in management, rationalization of operations and greater ownership of the Programme by member States, UNDCP hoped to broaden the donor base and return the Fund of UNDCP to good health.
Index of shape was  decreased  by BTH treatment, increased by KDF treatment at harvest.
Selected issues
2. This decision sheet is to be used by the Technical Survey Team visiting the peacekeeping area at the beginning of a mission, together with the decision sheet for evaluating the factor for extreme environmental conditions, and the decision sheet for evaluating the factor for hostile action or forced abandonment.
CRPD/C/AUS/1
83. (d) Strengthening international cooperation and building a platform for developing communication exchange in the child welfare field.
It stated that even within the Nordic countries, Finland can be cited as an example for handling diversity, and that Finland had a proactive approach to the promotion and protection of human rights within its territory, but also regionally and internationally.
 We are confident that this body can find a creative mechanism through which Taiwan can be involved in the programmes of the Organization.
In conclusion, design, synthesis and properties of a series of laser materials have been systematically studied in the thesis.
It was fully engaged in the efforts of the Emergency Relief Coordinator and the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) to reform the inter-agency cluster approach to internally displaced populations.
class='class1'>On class='class2'>March class='class3'>28, class='class5'>1979, a class='class6'>Class class='class7'>9 class='class8'>accident class='class9'>occurred at class='class10'>TMI.
45. The increased requirements were due mainly to the identification of a nonbudgeted need to upgrade the UNISFA radio communications network from analogue to digital, in order to extend the coverage of the legacy system to include the Abyei Area and to bring it into line with United Nations standards.
It notes that spatial thinking is important in art and design, psychology, biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, social sciences and computing sciences.
Therefore we have not been able to lower one's guard to the resident consumption price rise.
3. Requests the secretariat to prepare a new working document to include: (i) a compilation of submissions contained in previous COP documents on this matter and those submitted pursuant to paragraph 2 above, and (ii) an updated version of the annexes contained in document ICCD/COP(7)/9 to reflect these views;
(b) Notify the Secretary-General of the United Nations, who should disseminate the information without delay by all appropriate means of communication at his disposal. Article 2
But you didn't, and I don't care!
Frustrated by the continued failure of the Syrian Government to respond to or implement the decisions and resolutions of international and regional bodies,
It follows the general guidelines adopted by the Human Rights Council in its decision 17/119.
Follow up tax changes and others legislation.
5. The Advisory Committee welcomes the efforts made by UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF in the preparation of the report and its addendum.
108. Another important new feature of the security environment has been the rapid evolution of improvised explosive devices, suggesting the importation of expertise and the transfer of skills through training.
Waiver of these rights is incompatible with article 25 of the Covenant.
(b) Practical participation in task forces actually involved in mine clearance in the United Nations forces, with coordinated prior training of the task forces concerned on mines present in possible areas of operation;
To facilitate deliberations and decision-making of the policymaking organs and to maintain general external relations with Member States, Permanent Missions accredited to UNIDO, non-Member States, IGOs and NGOs, and regional groups.
Military Staff Committee
In its first two reports to the Executive Director, the Group documented 26 cases of imminent or ongoing evictions in many countries and successfully engaged in conciliatory activities to propose alternatives to forced evictions in a number of countries worldwide, some of which were targeted at indigenous communities.
According to the National Alopecia Areata Foundation, it affects five million people in the U.S. "It could be stress or it could be environmental factors -- we really don't know," Dr. Mirmirani says
19. Also recognizes the role of the United Nations Group on the Information Society as an inter-agency mechanism of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination designed to coordinate United Nations implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on the Information Society;
(a) The initial requirement of the notification of the dispute;
He demanded your reason for doing so.
(d)
Improvements are foreseen in a new web page design, timely information sharing via an e-mail broadcast service, more briefings, increased accessibility of information, including through an audio handbook for civil society, leaflets to highlight the role of human rights mechanisms and better use of the media to reach a broader audience with OHCHR publications.
In our region, and in particular the subregion of West Africa, ships have been used to transport arms in gross violation of existing legal regimes, including United Nations arms embargoes.
An oral report of the EGTT meeting will be made by the Chair of the EGTT during this session.
(a) At one office away from Headquarters, the Designated Official for safety and security informed OIOS that owing to unresolved issues regarding his authority over other heads of United Nations organizations at that duty station, it was difficult for him to convene meetings of the Senior Management Group.
“(1) Variant A
Mr Aleksandrov mentioned that the Russian Federation had been involved in a number of international projects and gave one example of a project within the Russian Federation (the Baikal region) that had been carried out in conjunction with the United States Geological Survey (USGS).
However, there is no available data on the number of women beneficiaries as of reporting period.
In conclusion, a question was asked about out-and-out attacks and whether an attempt had been made to suffocate or strangle the victim (see tables 20 and 21).
With poor facilities and difficult transportation and communication, many women in rural areas and outer islands are isolated from maternal and infant health services.
Our challenges are many.
Although other electric propulsion systems exist, they require a pressurized container to store the propellant.
Candidates who are further short-listed after this process will still have to go through more interviews before being hired.
Shanxi is urban and rural the bigger difference of worker income, exceeded reasonable income gap limit.
He outlined the reforms and actions the Government is undertaking to protect and defend children's rights throughout Mali and mentioned in this regard the development of a training and information programme for the Malian defence and security forces on human rights and child protection.
The Special Rapporteur is concerned at reports of preaching of religious hatred and the exploitation of children in a systematic and organized fashion for the ends of militant groups, which the State authorities seem to have overlooked for a long period of time.
With a belief like that, there's no source of negatively charged energy and consequently no source for self-denigrating thoughts.
Looking good. You're gonna make it.
(b) Losses of biodiversity and decline of ecosystem services are of concern for human well-being, especially for the poorest;
Advanced imaging ability
Classical direct torque control method adopts the technique of 6 polygon flux linkage voltage modulation. It will generate torque pulsation and harmonic interference.
Principal Engineer is also expected to provide technical guidance and training to their subordinate to achieve the project targets.
V. FINANCIAL ASPECTS OF THE CONFERENCE 58-59 11
Similarly, the NGO Coalition called on the Government to provide its full support in the implementation of research and the development of multi-sectoral social policies and strategies to address violence against women.
31 Cases of peripheral facial paralysis with different acupuncture methods at different Stages
Estonia
Apart from acts and activities causing terror or fear and sabotage committed against the regular authorities of the State, does the penal code criminalize the financing of terrorist acts as requested by this subparagraph?
(g) If a staff member, after the period of required military service, elects to continue such service or if the staff member fails to obtain a certified release therefrom, the Secretary-General will determine, on the merits of the particular case, whether further special leave without pay will be granted and whether reemployment rights shall be maintained.
Grape vines overarched the garden path.
The Secretariat thanked the Fifth Committee for the confidence and support accorded to it in connection with the project, which had been a far greater task than had initially been envisaged. The project had provided an opportunity to study in depth and streamline the majority of the administrative procedures.
Item 137 Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force
This is the media landscape as we knew it in the 20th century.
3A.1 Provision is made under this subsection for requirements relating to policy-making organs the servicing of which is the sole responsibility of the Department of Political Affairs and which are deemed to require specific provisions.
Public information campaign to increase awareness of the local population on the peace process in Liberia
Divisions and offices framed the objectives of their OMPs and CPMPs for the 2000–2001 biennium in terms of their contribution to achievement of the MTP priorities.
Judicial resources distribution and effectiveness is one of the most important facts to the society, and it is also the serious problem that roust be solved by any country.
Ethnic heritage
C. Attendance
It provides strategic-level liaison and coordination and offers a platform through which UNIFIL can facilitate practical arrangements and localized understandings on the ground between the Lebanese Armed Forces and the Israel Defense Forces that would remove possible points of friction, defuse tension in potential flashpoints, stabilize the situation and build confidence.
Today's debate is important and I wish to thank you, Sir, for organizing it and for providing us with an opportunity to share our views on the Peacebuilding Commission (PBC), three years after it became operational.
Standard of living
Acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In the "E" claim form, Incisa characterised this loss element as a claim for other losses, but the Panel finds that it is more accurately classified as a claim for financial losses.
In his view, as a result of these decisions, he could not take action against the acts of racial discrimination to which he had been exposed, as part of a group of persons against whom the statements were directed.
Such event resulted in a fruitful interactive dialogue, involving NGOs and institutional actors.
(v) The expression "explosive sub-munitions" already excludes "smoke or flaring", for this reason the later exclusion is a duplication.
(average)
NEW YORK – On July 20, 2016, Pavel Sheremet, a prominent Belarusian-born journalist, was heading to work at the studios of Radio Vesti in Kyiv when the Subaru he was driving blew up at a busy intersection.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
The new Officer would lead the Unit, cover several countries in the region and monitor developments in the Balkans from a regional perspective, following cross-cutting aspects that influence regional stability, including illicit drug and human trafficking, organized crime, democratic governance and civil society.
Arrest of the writer Passou Lundula at Lubumbashi on account of his book Le Destin du Congo.
But will my heart be broken when the night meets the morning I have to know that your love is a love I can be sure of. So tell me now and I won't ask again.
 Returnees in affected countries risked being harassed by uncontrollable armed groups and suffered from lack of assurance that they would be provided with the basic necessities of resettlement.
8. Calls upon all Member States to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families37 as a matter of priority;
To date, it had reduced its non-strategic nuclear weapons by three quarters of the number inherited from the Soviet Union.
As an advocate for the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, Seychelles pursues a policy of full respect for international laws and the principles and purpose of the Charter, the sovereign equality of States and non-interference in the internal matters of other States.
Globalization, therefore, has resulted in both economic and political polarization.
Provide true, accurate, current and complete personal identification information about yourself as required,
(c) To work to promote a culture of peace, to provide skills training and citizenship skills for the purpose of participatory prevention of psychosocial risks, care and rehabilitation for victims of violence, and non-violent conflict resolution;
Part II: Phase-out
2. The Secretariat shall:
If women so wish, they can go to general branches of banks and utilize the services provided to customers of both sexes.
RaccoonsPart of my job at the state fish and wildlife department is to lend equipment to residents for trapping and relocating raccoons.
241. The Committee is very concerned that large numbers of highly educated women in Bulgaria are excluded from decision-making processes and hence their skills are not fully harnessed for the development of the country.
It urged the Commission to place that issue on its agenda, with a view to recommending appropriate measures to improve the situation, and stood ready to provide all possible assistance in that regard.
Figure VII shows that, on average, developing countries do not have levels of public debt that are substantially higher than those of the advanced economies.
Georgia national under-21 football team
These are expressed in article 3, paragraph 3, of the UNESCO Convention on Technical and Vocational Education: "Technical and vocational education programmes should meet the technical requirements of the occupational sectors concerned and also provide the general education necessary for the personal and cultural development of the individual and include, inter alia, social, economic and environmental concepts relevant to the occupation concerned".
Prosecutor's Offices have been formed at the BiH Entities and cantons levels.
Scottish Professional Football League
The Constitution also enshrines the principle of free access to justice.
reaffirms the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations,
Inflation
These efforts, in turn, have to go hand in hand with the resolve to liberalize trade and access to markets, expressed at Doha, with a view to fostering a more integrated trading system.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
E/C.12/1999/SR.32
(ii) A treaty and action is registered in a timely manner
Decides that in the event of any revision of the decision on institutional arrangements, the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol shall make the necessary arrangements to ensure that any project activities already funded and in the process of being implemented are not jeopardized.
Article 41 Those who, in violation of this law, arbitrarily hold mass activities like large gatherings, fireworks evening party, lantern party with risk of fire disaster, shall be ordered to make corrections by public security fire control institutions; those who can not make the corrections, shall be ordered to suspend the activities and may be imposed with penalty.
Article 14 During the period of martial law, the martial-law-executing organ may decide on measures to impose traffic control in the area under martial law, restricting entry and exit of the area under traffic control and checking the papers, vehicles and other things of people entering or leaving such an area.
Mitchel Loeb's recent case files as requested.
Coherent national policy efforts will need to be supported by reinvigorating the global partnership for development.
(c) Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such funds to the countries of origin.
(a) The influx of refugees and the deteriorating security situation in countries of the region;
I middle school, where there are three grades and thirty-two classes. It is not big but very beautiful.
Wire line telephones, wireless or cellular telephones, fax machines, electronic mail and the Internet are examples of technologies that are available in both urban and rural areas throughout the world, and which are heavily used in commercial activities.
Qatar's record of action against trafficking in human beings is set apart by the fact that although its experience is recent, in that a national strategy for combating trafficking was first approved in 2003, there has been political will at the highest levels to take action.
Japand 29 June 1999b
21. As part of the Government's efforts to combat the smuggling of radioactive sources (particularly closed radioactive sources, the use of which is widespread in the fields of industry and medicine) and to prevent their acquisition by terrorist groups, the Ethiopian Radiation Protection Authority was established to monitor this at the national level.
Report of the Committee of Experts on Public Administration on its ninth session (Council resolutions 2001/45 and 2003/60)
Since the posts and expenses are tightly controlled within the agreed parameters of the programme budget, the actual costs show minimal variance from the budget.
He stood back to allow her to pass him into the house. Her still hooded sister followed without invitation.
The European Court of Human Rights, for example, ruled in Loizidou v. Turkey that the "responsibility of Contracting Parties can be involved because of acts of their authorities, whether performed within or outside national boundaries, which produce effects outside their own territory".
17. Since 1982, the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/GATT (ITC), the focal point in the United Nations system for technical cooperation with developing countries for trade promotion and export development, has made efforts to integrate women's issues and, subsequently, a gender perspective in its technical cooperation activities.
(e) Membership of the Working Party for 2008
a. Themes
Jin Qiang
The Committee adopted the draft resolution as orally revised.
35. Ms. Koroma (Sierra Leone) said that the establishment of Local Councils had been one of the measures taken to make up for the lack of resources at the ministerial level.
The Committee had a mandate to consider macroeconomic questions, including trade, debt and the international financial system.
There is ultimately a close relationship between freedom and poverty and between poverty and violence.
Requirements for alteration and renovation of premises as well as the related costs for maintenance supplies and services were lower than expected as difficult local conditions hampered the completion of projects.
75. Apart from the measures taken within the National Police, ongoing coordination is maintained with the security agencies of the States members of MERCOSUR, Bolivia and Chile.
The emergence of side effects did not correlate with decreased frequency of use, however.
United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts (2005)v
On 19 September 2003, the first Asia-Pacific Subregional Environmental Policy Dialogue was held in Beijing.
The Advisory Committee welcomes the approach taken by the Secretary-General and encourages him to pursue his efforts to improve service delivery, and to re-engineer processes transferred from Headquarters.
As a consequence, the original Australians suffered.
Use a single consistent format and organization for all documentation comments.
Four convicted offenders were in the age group 40 - 49, one was in the age group 50 - 59, three were in the age group 21 - 29 and one was in the age group 18 - 20.
37. Ms. Štiglic (Slovenia) said that the twentieth anniversary of the adoption of the Convention on the Rights of the Child provided an ideal opportunity to add a communications procedure to the Convention.
96. There should be international cooperation to fight drug-trafficking.
162. The Committee encouraged BINUCA to continue its support for initiatives aimed at the consolidation of peace and reconciliation through the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes and security sector reform, as well as the restoration of State authority and the promotion of the rule of law, in order to lay the foundations for sustainable development in the Central African Republic.
They were conducted in English or French, depending on the region, and materials were also made available in Portuguese to participants from lusophone countries.
We've become inured to slow test - system configuration times.
The Criminal Law provides that whoever makes use of minors or aids and abets them to smuggle, traffic in, transport or manufacture narcotic drugs, or who sells narcotic drugs to minors, shall be given a heavier punishment.
(except Hong Kong Island Travel Documents Issuing Office) within four weeks before the expiry of your limit of stay.
(a) In the autumn of the first year of each biennium, informally discuss a draft list of publications proposed for the next biennium;
The central pillar of the case is the government's changing the constitution to ease a ban on religious headscarves in universities.
She urged the international community to assist in the general rehabilitation and development of the afflicted host countries.
2. The overall situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina remained stable during the period under review.
Lectures were delivered by representatives of the Office for Outer Space Affairs, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), the European Commission, ESA, the Austrian Space Agency, the Chinese Academy of Space Technology, the French National Centre for Space Studies, the German Aerospace Research Establishment, the Indian Space Research Organization, the Italian Space Agency, the National Aerospace Laboratory of the Netherlands, the National Space Development Administration of Japan, the Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission of Pakistan (SUPARCO) and the International Space University.
 With its verification activities, its technical assistance and its nationwide deployment, MINUGUA has continued to be a key factor in the peace process throughout 1996.
Structural changes in the economy aimed at halting the alarming pace of climate change and environmental degradation could open new solutions and new opportunities in the quest for sustainable patterns of consumption and production.
158. Opinion surveys conducted at the end of 2005 revealed the extent of society's respect for women and its desire for women to play a role in the public arena.
5.2 As to the State party's contention that he distributed leaflets inviting residents to attend a meeting before authorization to hold the event had been obtained, the author notes that, pursuant to article 8 of the Constitution, the State party accepts the universally recognized principles of international law and ensures that national law complies with them.
These students reported feeling moody, nervous or uncomfortable when they were not on the computer.
 These criminals attacked the forces of order and the displaced people's camps, thus hindering the procedures set in motion by the Government to persuade those people who had fled to Zaire or Rwanda to come back to their homes.
If this variety of pig adopted widely, it could greatly reduce a major source of pollution.
Case 1295: NYC II
(c) Inland waterways . 19
The High Commissioner urges FARCEP, ELN, AUC and all other illegal armed groups immediately and unconditionally to release everyone they have taken hostage and to refrain from the unacceptable practice of kidnapping.
The General Agreement on Trade in Services provided flexibility for developing countries to pursue their own development priorities and open a few service industries or liberalize a few types of transaction.
Persons in charge directly responsible for the case and other persons with direct responsibility are to be warned and are to pay a fine of more than 30,000 yuan but less than 300,000 yuan.
C. UNICEF-Venezuela: study on upbringing patterns in six indigenous communities
Nor has it been adequately addressed by domestic capital-market regulators, who have focused on developing rules and regulations for listed companies, not the investors who might act as their owners.
A border guard grumbles that the only tourist in weeks has set off her tripwire.
Resolution 62/1
Report of the Secretary-General
Don't spend all your time admiring the fancy tools in the magazines.
His country was willing to participate in an exchange of best practices concerning water resources management and use.
A/HRC/WG.6/10/NAM/2/Corr.1
1. Greek Orthodox Archdiocesan Council of North and South America
Mayors and other local officials would be elected for limited terms and to limited responsibilities within the province.
Regulation 18.3
At the company level, a growing body of evidence shows that more gender equality is good for bottom lines.
11. Reiterate our commitment to reducing the transmission of HIV among injecting drug users by 50 per cent by 2015, in line with the agreed international targets of the 2011 Political Declaration on HIV and AIDS: Intensifying Our Efforts to Eliminate HIV and AIDS, and note that available evidence indicates that further efforts are required to achieve the Declaration's global target;
Copy of the Helper's travel document
This sort of scandal in international banking has been politically costly.
In paragraph 10 of the updating report, we expressed the view, having carefully examined these proposals, that they were not necessary either to give effect to the Convention or as a practical response to its requirements.
Thinking about the movement of their tongue or feet raised or lowered the chopper. Subjects were able to get their helicopter through the rings with 85 percent accuracy.
1. The Human Rights Council, in resolution 13/23, on enhancement of international cooperation in the field of human rights, which was submitted by Egypt on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement and adopted without a vote, "reaffirms that it is one of the purposes of the United Nations and also the primary responsibility of Member States to promote, protect and encourage respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms through, inter alia, international cooperation" (para. 1).
Van Til, as we have seen, does not believe that the presence of human interpretation relativizes the authority of the Word of God.
All of these elements point to the cultural diversity that human beings have developed in their distinct settings.
Particularly, the prevalence of HIV/ AIDS has already undone or threatens to undo many of the gains in child survival and quality of life achieved.
2. Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts.
 The General Assembly has made specific recommendations in this respect.
Before concluding, let me express my warmest thanks to our able secretariat, in particular Mr. Abdelkader Bensmail and Mr. Jerzy Zaleski, for their valuable support.
The Ministry of Production had therefore been drawing up an industrial development plan, together with the private sector and with support from UNIDO.
(i) support for the public administration and justice system of Timor-Leste and for justice in the area of serious crimes;
 While prevention is a promising strategy, it has its limits and is not a substitute for asylum.
United Nations Compensation Commission (statement XII)
According to the Secretary-General, this is a procedural, technical measure made necessary by the fact that the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) is not programmed to process post adjustment and related entitlements for General Service staff.
On the political negotiations, Ambassador Hill informed the Permanent Council that a new Albanian negotiating team composed of moderate and more radical Albanian participants had reached an agreement based on options featured in the document of the Contact Group.
"Sphere within a Sphere", they call it.
Under international human rights law, the obligation of non-refoulement applies where there are substantial grounds for believing that an individual faces a real risk, following removal, of torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment or other violations of the most fundamental human rights, including arbitrary detention and flagrant denial of the right to a fair trial.
Welcoming the Secretary-General's report of 10 September 2004 (S/2004/725) and its recommendations,
(iv) Commission on Science and Technology for Development:
Switzerland, aiming to halt native middle-class "flight" from inner city districts with a high proportion of ethnically-diverse populations, has focused on raising the quality of existing multi-ethnic schools by introducing an area-wide model of quality assurance.
 (iii) Materiality - Financial statements should disclose all items which are material enough to affect evaluations or decisions and all material information which is necessary to make the statements clear and understandable.
He was there, drunk as usual.
Addendum
THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD (ARTICLE 43, PARAGRAPH 4
I am also kind and tender.
Taking a South-South cooperation approach, the centre serves as a knowledge hub and comprehensive depository of information about poverty and the poverty reduction experience in China, for mutual learning between China and other developing and transition economies.
ADB is in the business of change for development for poverty reduction and sustainable economic development.
35. Other developments in the area of gender equality that are worth mentioning include: the National Strategy of Education for Development (2010-2015), prepared by partners from the public administration and civil society and adopted in September 2009, which responds to gender concerns and integrates the fight against gender stereotyping among its main principles; and a National Action Plan for the Implementation of Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) on "Women, peace and security (2009-2013)", which was adopted in August 2009.
At the end of the eightyfirst session, the Committee decided that the observations would be made public.
The poorest of the poor farmers have suffered the worst from all those effects.
They capture and store carbon dioxide, so experts say they can help fight climate change.
[For action -- E/ICEF/2008/9]
Hole Void Hot Air Leveling Hybrid Integrated Circuit Icicle I. C Socket Image Transfer Immersion Plating Impendent Impendent Control
He provided an overview of the dynamic and complex environment in which the 16 country notes had been developed, highlighting that a new political consensus for children's rights had emerged in the region.
South African Citizenship Amendment Act, 2004 (Act 17 of 2004)
Ability to manage credit risk while assisting in the attainment of office sales quotas.
The implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action has produced mixed results.
It sounds like the sort of constitutional fine-tuning to be expected in a young democracy.
What makes the strange man so slim? Years of trudge? Francesca thinks, wandering around passing every mottled shadow like a lost ghost.
Schools, mosques and churches were transformed into shelters for new arrivals, and families took in both relatives and strangers.
1. Pursuant to decision 97/2 of the Executive Board, the Executive Director wishes to bring to the attention of the Board a progress report on the implementation of the recommendations of the United Nations Board of Auditors on UNFPA for the biennium that ended 31 December 2001 (A/57/5/Add.7).
 These lists were used during the killings that began on 7 April 1994.
Both metabolites were rapidly degraded to carbon dioxide.
We can choose to make opera, and other expensive forms of culture, accessible to those who cannot individually pay for it.
The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government announced a ten-year housing plan.
Reports of the Sixth Committee
Furthermore, in the absence of a coordinated strategic effort to embed the issue in existing policy and coordination bodies across the United Nations system, the latter's role in advancing this agenda may not reach the necessary scale nor realize its full potential for impact at the operational level.
But revenues are not the only measure of success.
(UN-K-12-450) Sectoral advisory services
There are approximately 160,000 internally displaced persons in Ingushetia and an estimated similar number in the Republic of Chechnya itself.
To protect the career prospects of staff recruited through the national competitive examinations process, managers who wish to select external candidates at the P-3 level will be required to justify that recommendation to the Office of Human Resources Management when internal candidates are available.
Neoclassical realism tries to bring certain unit-level variables into analysis to strengthen the explanation power.
Draft resolution XIV (recorded vote)
On 1 August, Father Hillary Boma, 57 years old, Chancellor of the Archdiocese of Khartoum, was arrested at St. Matthew's Cathedral and held in a secret detention centre.
Additionally, CRC recommended that Italy ratify OP-ICESCR. CRC and UNHCR recommended that Italy ratify the 1961 Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness.
Internet usage in Latin America and the Caribbean
He also announced that he was planning to resubmit similar legislation in 2004.11
12 September 2001
Luxembourg
Rule 2.2
Yet, as they saw the pictures of hundreds of thousands of people taking to the street, they will have been envious too.
I asked the building firm to estimate for the repairs to the roof.
Toutuoxing was one of the most common means of practicing Buddhism in the early Buddhism.
The Permanent Mission of Morocco to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) and has the honour to transmit to it herewith Morocco's supplementary report on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
Pang Qing
It was presumably introduced into Guam via military cargo and has no natural predators in Guam.
As most poverty population live in rural areas, it is imperative to give preference to the rural poor.
The phenomenon is far from new.
I would recommend that you buy a DVD player instead of a VCR.
There was always a good round of applause every time she sings.
These institutions always endeavour to apply the various international instruments concerning the rights of the child, the administration of justice and the specifications of institutions in which they are detained.
Liaising with financial and developmental institutional and operational programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations, with a view to contribute to the development programmes intended for people of African descent by allocating additional investments to health systems, education, housing, electricity, drinking water and environmental control measures and promoting equal opportunities in employment, as well as other affirmative or positive measures and strategies within the human rights framework;
Shanghai Municipal Tourism Administration
The Meeting established a contact group, chaired by the representative of Argentina, which Parties with views on the topic and the observer from WMO were invited to join, with the twin mandates of considering an amendment to the terms of reference of the Trust Fund for the Vienna Convention and considering the proposals which had been made in relation to funding of research activities.
E/CN.18/2011/15
Global growth will be low at a time of higher oil prices.
UNCTAD, consultations of the Secretary-General and of the President of the Trade and Development Board [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
Note verbale dated 7 January 2008 from the Permanent Mission of Mexico to the United Nations addressed to the Committee
Absolutely is not not speciallyalso ugly, Monday all put on the school uniform to Friday, weekend put on the exclusive agency.
An unlimited number of substitutions can be made but only eleven players with one captain can score points each round.
5. Governments are encouraged to strengthen cooperation measures aimed at establishing precisely the origin and final destination of shipments of potassium permanganate.
Regulators may also have to invent new tools or revive ones that have fallen into disuse.
While you're watching, imagine you're going kick from outside IN during your dolphin kick.
Neither I nor he is a student.
Once upon a time there was a great man who married the woman of his dreams
5 January 2010
Medical equipment
After globalization made it easier to move manufacturing and service jobs from rich to poor countries, growing automation now threatens to move jobs from humans to robots.
"Make friends quickly with your opponent at law while you are with him on the way, so that your opponent may not hand you over to the judge, and the judge to the officer, and you be thrown into prison
The contrary view was that those words should be deleted from subparagraph (c).
(UN-E-24-460) Natural resources, including marine affairs
The organization finances the start-up of entrepreneurial activities that will improve the local economy.
Meanwhile, he talked about sport and politics, and passed on naturally to the Manchester murder.
32. Since the end of the cold war, there has been an increase in the number of complex peacekeeping operations.
The Soviet Union was lumbered with Fidel Castro, Mengistu Haile Mariam and the tyrants of its satellite states in eastern Europe.
The Human Rights Council, by resolution 6/36 of 14 December 2007, established the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples to advise it on indigenous issues.
And I am currently studying finance in a training school.I: Dialogue 3I: Have you received any degreesA: Yes
Small clubs are usually kept away from the kill until the others have eaten, as feeding can be a hazardous time.
At the same time, for no good reason Ukraine remains in group B of the scheme of the apportionment of the expenses for the financing of the peace-keeping operations, despite its numerous requests to the General Assembly for relocation into group C.
(e) To support the initiatives of national and local authorities in Chad to resolve local tensions and promote local reconciliation efforts, in order to enhance the environment for the return of internally displaced persons;
Arbitrary arrests and detentions
The grants will support national food fortification programmes.
10:00 to 13:00 Closed meeting Conference Room 6 (NLB)
In Canada, for example, provincial farmers' unions long worked in their respective provinces to protect family farming against the industrialization of agriculture, until they merged in 1969 to create the National Farmers' Union.
Shanghai team targets smile shortage According to a recent online survey by Extrawhite, a maker of chewing gum, a quarter of the people in China never smile or smile less than five times a day.
With regard to the agenda, the overarching goal must be to make it more relevant, more accessible and a better reflection of the challenges the United Nations is facing today. Ranking highest among these challenges are the Millennium Development Goals.
The deteriorating security situation in some areas and limited absorption capacities hamper the sustainability of returns.
43. Also at the 7th meeting, statements were made by the representatives of the youth and children, scientific and technological community, non-governmental organizations, women, local authorities, business and industry, indigenous people, and workers and trade unions major groups.
This article refutes kinds of opinions that minimum wage will decrease immigrant peasant workers'employment.
Some people thought his personality was too restrained for him to be effective, but I knew he could get things done.
16 June 2014
They never consider the idea of: failing.
In that regard, the State of Qatar believes that due attention should be accorded the question of human development in the realm of sports and to the expansion of the concept of sports to include sports for all.
GON has been emphasizing on quality health services and has developed Standard Guidelines and Treatment Protocols, which will be applicable in all health clinics, hospitals and nursing homes.
More information on Australia's migration health requirements can be found below under article 18.
I replaced my old car with a brand new pick - up truck.
In compliance with these rules, the financial statements of multilateral environmental agreements are included as an integral part of the certified accounts of UNEP and as such are subject to audit, as part of the overall UNEP audit, by the Panel of External Auditors of the United Nations, specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
78. The Office of the Prosecutor facilitates the transfer of Tribunal material for domestic proceedings under the provisions of Rule 75(G) and Rule 75(H) of the Rules of Procedure and Evidence of the Tribunal.
6. United Nations common system: report of the Fifth Committee (A/54/677) [126]
He's our massage therapist.
Paragraphs Page
Mount Kurlak
 How can top-down and bottom-up planning be connected to make each complement the other?
Israeli practices affecting the human rights of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem
In a different scenario they might work differently depending on the needs of the project.
To approve the terms of reference and the conflict of interest and disclosure policy for the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel, its technical options committees and any temporary subsidiary bodies set up by those bodies, as contained in the annex to [the present decision][the report of the Twenty-Fourth Meeting of the Parties], in place of the terms of reference set out in annex V to the report of the Eighth Meeting of the Parties, as amended.
This paper describes the design and program realization of an algorithm sampling from arbitrary distribution, this algorithm uses the alias method.
And the server market, the higher performance machines that these PCs networked with, are the fastest growing part of this business.
II. Global partnership for development
The importance of prevention has never been clearer.
The moral effect of the day's fighting was so great.
The presentations were followed by an interactive debate.
It fit in grinding and dispersion of paints, inks, paints, paper, metal, non - metallic mineral.
(resolution 63/217) Adopted
there shall be substituted:
11. In November 1998, representatives of OHCHR met with the Executive Secretary of ECOWAS who expressed the Community's willingness to cooperate with OHCHR and stressed the need to integrate human rights into the activities of ECOWAS, especially with regard to the development and the implementation of the Framework Agreement on an ECOWAS Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management, Resolution, Peace-keeping and Security.
Consideration of and action on draft resolution A/C.5/ 52/L.11
How gender and racial discrimination intersect was examined at a seminar of experts for the Asian-Pacific region held in Bangkok from 5 to7 September 2000.
Committee, Task Groups and Service Meetings
(c) Counselling services regarding development and implementation of individual development plans regarding export and participation in fairs and exhibitions;
Fifth Committee
Report of the Secretary-General
"The Security Council looks forward to the report of the High-Level Panel on the United Nations System-wide Coherence in the Areas of Development, Humanitarian Assistance and the Environment and hopes this will play a role in ensuring a coordinated UN approach to Women and Peace and Security.
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
Sanaa, Yemen
Our aim: to off more bright jewellery responsibility!
Those Goals should be reached by 2015, and we are at the halfway point on that road.
In certain instances, it is expected that safety and security of supply will be achieved through the use of local skills and expertise, together with local materials and resources.
A net growth of $21,700 relates to the reclassification of one P-5 post to the D-1 level, in the light of increased complexities associated with expansion of common services arrangements and the need for an adequate level of representation of the Division in intergovernmental, inter-agency and interdepartmental meetings relating to common service issues.
Consideration and adoption of the Committee's report to the General Assembly (A/AC.154/2001/CRP.1)
6. The Committee notes with satisfaction the ratification by the State party, on 30 November 2007, of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, and on 12 May 2008, of its Optional Protocol.
China's largest domestic beverage producer, Wahaha, isn't publicly traded.
The more closely NGOs and States parties worked together, the more likely it was that they would achieve their common goals of peace, security and sustainability.
- Mr. William H. Sekule (United Republic of Tanzania)
Medium Low
Logistic Landing Ship
Outcome of the third session of the Working Group 1 - 18 3
In the Latin America and Caribbean region, FCI has been working collaboratively since 1997 with UNFPA and other agencies on safe motherhood workshops that combine the vision and action initiatives framed by the ICPD Programme of Action and Inter-Agency Group for Safe Motherhood.
An evaluation in 1998 concluded that the project had achieved significant commercial and political success, endorsed by international acceptance of Palestinian export documentation.
Security personnel kept close watch.
He has a laceration on his right forearm.
IV. Women's Diseases in Bahrain
'I know there were some sacrifices made to save other people's lives at the moment the earthquake happened.
Since extensive sampling of equipment at this facility was not performed prior to 1995, the evidence of its involvement was not uncovered prior to Iraq's declaration.
Argentina, by contrast, is a highly gas-dependent country with diminishing reserves – equivalent to less than eight years of production.
It now prohibits "hateful language" and attacks based on "a person's race, national origin, ethnicity or religion".
The annex to the Declaration on UNCTAD X by African Ministers of Trade, referred to above, included a number of specific tasks for UNCTAD in the area of commodities considered vital by African countries.
91. The American non-governmental organization Atlantic Philanthropic Service Co. was prevented from donating a molecular biology laboratory to Cuba's Nephrology Institute because the United States Department of the Treasury denied permission.
 61. The Council Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations considers applications for consultative status, as well as applications for reclassification, and makes recommendations to the Council.
(b) The inextricable link between full respect for the rights contained in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the process of development, the central purpose of which is the realization of the potentialities of the human person with the effective participation of all members of society in relevant decision-making processes as agents and beneficiaries of development, as well as with a fair distribution of its benefits;
He explained the question to the boy in a warm tone.
Please sign your name here.
HA's management of the Samaritan Fund
He was tall and cute, with blue eyes and brown hair.
Tesco's acquisition of Eland Retail, a merger between the Republic of Korea's second- and third-largest hypermarket operators, showed how economic analysis could be used in designing remedies to cure potential anti-competitive effects.
Recalling the duty of the Authority pursuant to article 143, paragraph 2, of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea to promote and encourage the conduct of marine scientific research in the Area,
(b) The UNIFEM portal on women, peace and security, launched in 2003, attracted over 6 million hits in 2006 compared with 4 million in 2004;
Bure, Switzerland
75. During the past two years, a systematic effort has been made to assess the functioning and performance of the United Nations theme groups on HIV/AIDS as part of monitoring the United Nations response at the country level.
Members States should therefore continue to make voluntary contributions to the Programme.
4 February 2002
She has also developed a speaking disability, and she is having difficulties with her education.
Chuck with the steal and the slam, Rockets lead.
 Notwithstanding these additions, such posts now number 33 per cent less than 10 years ago.
Well I hadn't either until I spoke with Burrows' attorneys this afternoon.
The "GPO-1" datestamp will be available at General Post Office only
These included the promotion of peace, security and stability; the promotion and protection of human and peoples' rights; respect for democratic principles, human rights, the rule of law and good governance; and the condemnation and rejection of impunity.
Fifty-seventh session
The four prerequisites promoted by UN-Habitat to ensure that developing countries' cities and towns played their roles as effective tools for national development were: effective political decision-making; good understanding of the use and productivity of common goods; effective governance capacity; and adequate technical capacity to plan, develop and manage planned urban expansion.
II. Mechanisms for implementing the recommendations of UNISPACE III
100. Reports should also indicate the legal provisions relevant to the implementation of this right, the circumstances under which children themselves are allowed to apply for social security measures, either directly or through a representative, the criteria taken into account to grant the benefits, as well as any relevant disaggregated information concerning the coverage and financial implications of such measures, its incidence by age, gender, number of children per family, civil status of the parents, the situation of single parents, and the relationship of social security to unemployment.
Employment disputes may be referred to both the Labour Department and the Industrial Court.
5. Unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise, the Chairman of any subsidiary body other than those established by Articles 9 and 10 of the Convention, shall be elected by that subsidiary body from among the representatives of the Parties present at the session.
No other sporting event captures the world's imagination like the FIFA World Cup .
Hitted by a carpolite, the dog sworrowed, as if it is hurt somewhere.
In indicator (i), after the phrase "and best practices", insert the phrase "uploaded by the Secretariat and" and delete the phrase "and multilateral".
The students are talking abut their weekends in the class.
It is important, therefore, that the distinct identity of each conference follow-up process be maintained.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 51
This state of affairs, if not changed, will not be conducive to the healthy development of the self-employed private economy and fair competition, nor will it be instrumental to the implementation of the Tax Law.
8. The following States not members of the Commission participated as observers:
The Acting President (spoke in French): The Assembly will now hear an address by the President of the Republic of Malawi.
It also failed to provide any translated evidence of the circumstances of the scrapping of the goods.
Distr.: General
57. The following panelists made presentations in the six panels:
202. The Sahel action fund would (a) have the ability to accept both in-kind and cash assistance; (b) be able to disburse that assistance expeditiously; and (c) have a low operational cost.
Throw you to the wind you fly awa
A :The Chinese central government has for more than 700 years exercised sovereignty over Tibet, and Tibet has never been an independent country.
The central meaning shared by these adjectives is "offensive to the sense of sight"
It circled over the South before leaving at 1420 hours.
Corrigendum
Yu watched it until he couldn't see it any more
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
130. The political basis for confidence-building in space derives from the application of universal principles of international cooperation and State practice to the outer space environment.
(3) Not more than two axes that can be coordinated simultaneously for "contouring control"; and
During this time, Mr. Aly has continued to be detained.
Infamous for gang wars and illicit drugs, Cape Flats is emblematic of South Africa's urgent need to curtail crime.
250. However, recognizing the need to clarify the application of the provisions of the STCW Convention to mobile offshore units, MSC decided that the STCW provisions applied only to self-propelled units proceeding on voyages and not to those which were non-self-propelled or on station.
Noetherian ring
the revamp of ancient lanesthe revamp of Beijings imperial-era neighbourhoods and the ancient lane
The training component was aimed at women and girls and focused on raising awareness of environmental protection, including the fight against land degradation.
In addition to the electrification network, the Ministry has been engaged in the introduction of renewable sources of energy, with emphasis on the remote and isolated places.
6.4 The Committee recalls its general comment on the implementation of article 3, which reads: "Bearing in mind that the State party and the Committee are obliged to assess whether there are substantial grounds for believing that the author would be in danger of being subjected to torture were he/she to be expelled, returned or extradited, the risk of torture must be assessed on grounds that go beyond mere theory or suspicion.
(b) (i) Increased number of feasibility studies for investment projects and infrastructure improvements of intermodal connections on the Asian Highway and Trans-Asian Railway
Meanwhile, you should maintain the sleep environment dark and quiet.
Western peoples have not always lived up to their universalist ideals, but they have in modern times built institutions designed to implement them, in Europe and beyond.
This incident is contrary to international norms established by the Nuclear Non—Proliferation Treaty and the Comprehensive Nuclear Test—Ban Treaty.
Experimental vehicles
She's grown more disconnected from reality as time goes on.
CONTENTS
Sweden will continue to work on this issue at the NPT Review Conference.
The process characteristics of disc vacuum filter and pressure filter are introduced respectively.
22. Since 1993, Burundi had experienced the violence which came of the inhumane logic of inter-ethnic conflict.
17 August
Pedro Luis was the oldest son of Prince Antonio and Princess Christine, the family said.
272. The Working Group requests the Government to comment on the information contained in the general allegations, which may lead to the clarification of outstanding cases.
We need some warm clothes to protect us from the cold.
Free professional advice, professional agents, provide professional translation of foreign license and accompanied translation.
Chonhar
If you are feeling suicidal, talk with someone about it immediately and consult your doctor, or else get to an emergency room fast.
As a victim of these ill-conceived, illegal and immoral sanctions, Zimbabwe fully understands their impact and therefore calls upon Member States to refrain from promulgating and applying such laws and measures.
Item 5 of the provisional agenda*
Tiracola plagiata
Another 15 years have passed since then, and the situation is the same.
How do you assess the relationship between China and President Bashir of Sudan?
Such an effort must be collective.
54. Since October 1999, the troops of the Armed Forces for the National Liberation of East Timor (FALINTIL) have been cantoned in the Aileu district.
(closed)
She thrilled the conservative base of the Republican party and turned the heads of many an independent with her speech at the St Paul convention.
I. Introduction 1. Paragraph 9 of the General Assembly resolution A/RES/58/214 provides that the preparatory committee will meet in Geneva following the 2004 semi-annual sessions of the Inter-Agency Task Force for Disaster Reduction, for up to two days each time. The first session of the Preparatory Committee for the World Conference on Disaster Reduction will therefore be held at the United Nations Office at Geneva from 6 to 7 May 2004, following the ninth session of the Inter-Agency Task Force meeting scheduled to take place on 4-5 May 2004.
32. The Chairperson said that the Commission seemed to take the view that the note to the Commission following paragraph 47 of document A/CN.9/700/Add.5 raised an issue that should be addressed in the draft Supplement and that the alternative wording in the note should not in fact replace, but rather be added to, paragraphs 44 to 47.
The Security Council met in private.
Under the universal educational law, a certain class or branch of learning has its special regularity.
Oh... tell her,tell her what I did.
4. Requests the Department of Public Information to continue its efforts to update web-based information on the assistance programmes available to the NonSelf-Governing Territories;
Principles
36. Germany commended Côte d'Ivoire on the progress made since the previous UPR cycle.
(UN fin. reg. 5.9)
CRPD Initial report due in 2012
- Terrorism
Such actions would lead to a reprioritization of the programmes and activities approved by the General Assembly in the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 and in the biennial programme plan.
You gotta learn to trust the equipment and that's probably the biggest thing for students is to trust the equipment. The equipment is high performance
The basic unit of money in Dominica.
It was useless to impose values on a society or an individual that were alien to its beliefs, and no culture should proclaim itself the arbiter for all.
It analyzes the static strength and dynamic characteristics of the steel structure of escalator by means of finite element method.
Bolivia
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime is actively engaged in the setting up of standards for and provision of technical assistance to States for assessment and analysis of the drug abuse situation through its Global Assessment Programme on Drug Abuse.
Employees should be trained in the proper identification and handling of any hazardous material that may be present in incoming material.
The Accounts Division will participate actively in the selection, configuration and deployment of an enterprise resource planning system.
Bearing in mind Commission on Human Rights resolution 2004/82 of 21 April 2004 and Council resolution 6/5 of 29 September 2007,
III. Recommendation of the Sixth Committee
The Chairman made a statement and proposed an oral decision.
IO
Unfortunately in our society, we have become accustomed to living on 100%, 110%, or even 130% of our incomes.
Allow us to examine greasiness, wrinkle and lines and pores blockage.
F. United Nations Children's Fund
Because of your wrath there is no health in my body; my bones have no soundness because of my sin.
2. Has your Government adopted and implemented or strengthened any national legislation and/or administrative measures that expressly and specifically counter racism and prohibit racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, whether direct or indirect, in all spheres of public life, in accordance with their obligations under the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, ensuring that their reservations are not contrary to the object and purpose of the Convention and/or amended national legislation and administrative provisions that may give rise to such forms of discrimination?
 About a quarter of the Sorbs are Catholics while more than half are Protestants.
It was incumbent upon the international community to ensure their safety and security, including through the pursuit of a strengthened and effective legal framework.
The welfare of children born to substance-abusing parents was another matter of concern, particularly given the absence of an institutional foster care system.
In the field of education and training, the organization has worked to broaden the scope of scientific research by offering new publications in selected fields, and to boost access to new information technology.
UNFCCC established after the Board's audit a procedure by which the selection of a consultant, the corresponding terms of reference, fees and the required output are to be monitored before approval.
The Panel finds that adjustments should also be made for inadequate accounting for depreciation, saved expenses and insufficient evidence.
Note verbale dated 4 March 2013 from the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Azerbaijan to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to the President of the Human Rights Council
PREA itself defines "prison" for the purposes of the law as "any confinement facility of a Federal, State, or local government. "
Objective of perivascular epithelioid cell tumor ( PEComa ) of the liver oftumor.
(UNA028D02100) Office of Central Support Services
Date: MARCH 31, 2000
It called for a constitutional assembly on status that would give the Puerto Rican people the possibility of freely negotiating with the United States Congress the severing of its colonial ties.
Equipment for new posts
57. Since the setting up of the Office of the Ombudsperson for Children in 2004, children with disabilities have been given due consideration by the Ombudsperson and her investigators.
In many communities, there is concern, too, about where the culture and the society are heading.
Algeria appreciated the efforts of the Government to ensure security and crime prevention, as well as the human rights training of the police.
35. On the bilateral front, in February 2002 New Caledonia signed an agreement on health, education and youth exchanges with Vanuatu, and in August Vanuatu soldiers received training as part of a joint military exercise in the Territory.
Administrative Officer (Support/Building Management)
(Signed) Mr. John H. F. CAMPBELL (Signed) M. Francesco Paolo FULCI
The inspection authorities shall keep confidential the technological know-how and business secrets of the units inspected.
The result of simulation shows that the performance has been greatly improved under binary symmetric channels(BSC) condition.
490. The review of Algeria was held on 14 April 2008 in conformity with all the relevant provisions contained in Council resolution 5/1, and was based on the following documents: the national report submitted by Algeria in accordance with the annex to Council resolution 5/1, paragraph 15 (a) (A/HRC/WG.6/1/DZA/1); the compilation prepared by OHCHR in accordance with paragraph 15 (b) (A/HRC/WG.6/1/DZA/2); and the summary prepared by OHCHR in accordance with paragraph 15 (c) (A/HRC/WG.6/1/DZA/3).
27. Many country presentations, such as those given by China and India, highlighted various measures taken by Governments, local authorities and community groups to roll back desertification and land degradation.
Construction of farmland irrigation and water conservancy was enhanced.
In that regard, we commend the overall functioning of the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms as a confidence-building measure.
His fourth European goal  leaves  him clear as current Champions League top scorer.
Mr. James Mulolo (Zambia)
The State party contests that it has violated any of the articles of the Covenant with respect to this case and relies on the individual opinions therein.
CAS No. Substance Octamethyl cyclotetrasiloxane (D4)*
When an individual or a nation becomes self-satisfied or complacent, it is time, I believe, to be deeply concerned.
Government can exert an indirect influence over this process through its control of the permit market.
B. Children with disabilities (article 7) 197. All children with disabilities in Australia are entitled to enjoy their rights on an equal basis with children without a disability.
They are not freedom fighters, as is claimed by some biased circles.
That enormous ability by virtue of which one is Moses, Aeschylus, Dante, Michael Angelo, or Napoleon, the multitude awards on the spot, and by acclamation, to whomsoever attains his object, in whatsoever it may consist.
Article 19 Any layout-design applicant who is not satisfied with the decided rejections of the application for registration may request the intellectual property administrative authority under the State Council for reexamination within three months from the date of receipt of the notification thereof.
Discribing the history and present conditions of wavefront aberration techniques to evaluate its clinical value.
Finalization and adoption of a Guide to Enactment of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Public Procurement
The technique of cross hole seismic tomography, with its high resolution, can be used to detect the underground fine structures and goals.
Management philosophy is a subject studying how people do management on the basis of the internal mechanics of human thought.
No. I've got assigned to work with Marvin for our group project.
Some Parties, particularly those with cold climates, (e.g. Austria, Finland,) have improved standards for new building insulation and, in addition, energy rating for homes is becoming more commonplace.
She would already roll in with a hot and exotic boyfriend on her arm and would sneak candles into her dorm room because she doesn't like the smell of hormonal women.
At the end of subparagraph (a), add "and providing guidance to departments and offices in that regard".
28. As there is a great diversity in the country situations related to HIV/AIDS among injecting drug users and a variety of different contexts, the participants (a) discussed priorities for United Nations action and support to HIV/AIDS prevention and care among injecting drug users, (b) developed three, four or five priority actions that the respective United Nations country team would undertake in the coming year and (c) determined the type of external advice and support that might be needed to implement those actions.
In that regard, he/she is directly accountable to the Secretary-General through the United Nations Security Coordinator.
the engineers are launch a large sum of product and service face the asia market and global network users I can do business ,do studying,do everything.I believe it
I am sorry I can not come tomorrow morning,because I'll be teaching English then.
Security Council Chamber
it's only 11:00 o'clock now, they have already finish their lunch
Its protection is extended to a wide range of persons in various situations, including in terms of marriage, guardianship and child custody.
Comparing with general asset, the properties of the marine ecological asset value are discussed in detail.
This supply chain management approach, where different worlds meet and adjust to each other, thus becomes a model for a trade facilitation puzzle where different pieces have to fit together in order to complete the picture.
Battery appearance has no obvious damage, no fume, no electrolyte leakage and explosion, voltage is no less than 3. 6V.
Athletes and groups that break world record in the Guangzhou Asian Games will be awarded a special medal with a one-karat diamond, the Guangzhou Daily reported.
It circled over the Bekaa before leaving at 1600 hours over Rumaysh.
"20.13 The secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction would serve as the focal point for the coordination of strategies and programmes for disaster reduction and ensure synergy between these and the socio-economic and humanitarian domains.
Connacht
Despite a 1977 ban on all international trade in marine turtle products under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, tortoiseshell items continue to be illegally traded in the Caribbean, where unsuspecting tourists provide the main market.
However, since all biological munitions were destroyed unilaterally by Iraq without United Nations supervision, it was not possible to determine whether weaponized biological warfare agents had been in liquid or dry state.
Article 3 In accordance with their status and the types of passports they hold, different aliens coming to China shall be issued diplomatic, courtesy, service or ordinary visas respectively.
Special consultative status
The girls happily played in the sand and sea with buckets and spades.
He could not fail to notice the signs of affluence and luxury on every hand.
The meeting rose at 1.40 p.m.
30. Mr. Ramadan (Lebanon), referring to paragraph 13 of the report, which stated that, because of checkpoints and barriers established by Israel, Palestinian Muslims and Christians were impeded from worshipping at some of their most holy sites, asked whether that was a systematic violation of the right of Palestinians to religious freedom and whether the Special Rapporteur had raised the issue with Israel.
Ethiopia
E. United Nations Development Programme
He knew that in his room he could manufacture a substantial breakfast at a cost of from fifteen to twenty cents. But, instead, he went into the Forum Cafe and ordered a breakfast that cost two dollars.
In this article to environmental monitor process in teaching practice was studied and explored.
COMMITTEE ON THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD
Medical Officer, Buildings Services Clerk, Carpenter, Cleaner, Data Entry Operator, Driver, Finance Assistant, Inventory and Supply Assistant, Labourers, Mail Assistant, Messengers, Team Assistant, Technicians, Telephone Operator, Telephone Receptionist, Transportation Assistants
 This is verified by the verification mission.
68. In response to deficit projections of $28.5 million for 1993, UNRWA introduced in February 1993 a series of austerity measures which froze budgeted expenditure by about $17 million for the General Fund and EMLOT.
The UBI concept also appeals to those who focus on how economic development can replace at least some of the in-kind aid that is now given to the poor.
17. The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo (29 May 1997; 28 March 2013).
The grotto art reflects Chinese painting and sculpture in Middle Ages, processing a unique style and mysterious strength and growing together with Buddhism in China.
Finland urges all states that have not yet signed and ratified the Additional Protocol to do so without delay.
It is important to recall that the need for fiscal austerity is not a justified ground for discrimination.
Whatever love means. Was his reply.
Measures taken to ensure that persons with disabilities may exercise the right to marry and to found a family on the basis of full and free consent
Ministry of international trade
(a) Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on its thirty-sixth session: Supplement No. 17 (A/58/17);
UNDP United Nations Development Programme
The Governor of Phnom Penh, in a subsequent letter to the Prime Minister, requested the Government to grant land to families living in four squatter settlements in Phnom Penh.
The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) is of milestone significance for promoting nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
D. Water system, sanitation system and utilities
 The family's welfare, its ability to fulfil basic societal functions and its support by the society and the State are major elements in achieving human rights.
It submitted many statements as part of the Universal Periodic Review process at the HRC and sponsored and participated in side events at the HRC on issues such as ensuring human rights in drug policy and human rights and business (2008), the Iraqi refugee crisis (2007) and the human rights situation in Sri Lanka (2006); (c) representatives of HRW meetings of the Preparatory Committee, the 2006 High-Level Meeting on AIDS in New York, the United Nations 2005 World Summit, held in New York and several other United Nations meetings; (d) delivered presentations, including at a training session by United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) (2006), and at the "New Human Rights Dialogue Series" (2008).
It is worth while mentioning here the positive experience acquired by Ukrainian experts as the result of cooperation with colleagues from the nuclear—weapon States in the course of the elaboration of the “Memorandum on security assurances in connection with Ukraine's accession to the NPT” and other related documents signed on 5 December 1994 in Budapest, Hungary.
(d) Does not form part of the regular armed forces or police forces at whose side the person fights or of the State in whose territory the concerted act of violence is perpetrated.
11242 Franspost
Those paradigms had resulted in a steady rise in population along with imbalanced population dispersal and erosion of natural resources.
It also described its continuous collaboration with all human rights bodies of the United Nations.
Stephen Green, economist at Standard Chartered Bank in Shanghai, has one of the more pessimistic outlooks for China, predicting 7.9 per cent growth next year and 7.1 per cent the year after.
22. The Conference believes that lifting of measures imposed on a noncompliant state should be strictly linked to verifiable actions that demonstrate over a period of time that the state has remedied the violation and that any remaining nuclear activities are fully consistent with its NPT obligations.
Their vote will not only decide who will be the country’s next president; it may also determine the future of the Central Bank of Brazil (BCB), and therefore the country’s macroeconomic trajectory.
The Secretary-General visited the Central Electoral Commission of Kazakhstan.
1. When an amendment to a proposal is moved, the amendment shall be voted first.
It requires the rules of international laws and standards over the problems of internationalizing monopoly, which results in the appearance of international anti-monopoly law.
Furthermore, the good starting performance makes the motor possible to be used in compressors, etc. which call for strict requirements of starting torque.
9th meeting The Chair made a statement.
Sustainable pace (Maps to 40-hour week)
Civil society
ENGLISH Original: Geneva,
Other illicit opioids (specify)
Another option could be in-sourcing arrangements whereby one United Nations system organization provides ethics services for another.
But the scientific jury is still out on the efficacy of such software.
The Commission will be provided with such information.
It may, however, be added with respect to the discussion of the Treaty Establishing the European Economic Area (EEA) that the Treaty came into force in Iceland on 1 January 1994, and at the same time various legal amendments regulating the legal status of the inhabitants of the EEA in Iceland also came into force.
The envisaged general recommendation was introduced by the Chair of the working group, Barbara Bailey.
17. Information on the deployment of military and civilian personnel during the reporting period is presented in table 2 and annex III.
Pulling himself together, he asked, rather shyly, "What is it you wish to know about my galaxy? "
Over the last fifteen years, New Zealand has made progress towards improving the rights of persons with disabilities, including ensuring they have equal access to employment rights, conditions and entitlements; requiring all refurbished buildings which the public can enter to be made accessible to persons with disabilities; and recognising New Zealand Sign Language (NZSL) as an official language in New Zealand.
The representative of a State sponsoring a proposal or motion shall not speak in explanation of vote thereon, except if it has been amended.
Kissing also signifies courtesy in every country of Europe and America.
2003/37. Human rights and terrorism
By the time of the Third Review Conference, Ethiopia plans to have established a sixth regional committee and to ensure that all regional committees have incorporated a new national plan into their annual work plans and are reporting regularly to the national committee.
Politicians from Portland, Maine
They have begun to appreciate the immediate benefit of interoperability between heterogeneous platforms and programming languages.
And unlike fiber optic cables, they can transmit images that have been captured across their entire length.
REPORT OF THE BOARD OF AUDITORS
The majority of current sanctions regimes of the United Nations include, as part of their justification, violations of international human rights or humanitarian law, or make explicit reference to particular violations, such as recruiting child soldiers, committing rape and gender-based violence, targeting civilians and other similar offences.
Rattelsdorf, Thuringia
He hides large quantities of nuts inside the cave.
Functioning and mandate
I want you give me a more detailed report 6.The longest day has an end
Regional expert symposia on fair trial and due process in the counter-terrorism context
As unusual as such cases might be, that possibility must be allowed to remain.
Several years later, then a single mother, she decided to get a degree in computer science.
That statement and all press releases pertaining to the work of the United Nations in the field of decolonization issued at Headquarters were distributed electronically to the worldwide network of United Nations information centres.
the law that entered into force on 3 December 2011 on legal protection in cases of excessively delayed legal proceedings and criminal investigation proceedings, which inter alia provides for a right to compensation,
and what are you gonna sell   mother?
"Afforestation" is the direct human-induced conversion of land that has not been forested for a period of at least 50 years to forested land through planting, seeding and/or the human-induced promotion of natural seed sources;
82. Ms. Hassan (Bahrain) said that Bahrain had a sufficient number of lawyers to meet the overall needs of its population and to address the specific legal needs of women.
1.15 - 2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 5
Snappy
 Women's wages are substantially lower than men's in all countries with the information available.
Though the Euroskeptic right may not win a majority of seats, its collective strength is a blow to the cause of European unity.
Vienna Spirit
 Having completed the necessary consultations, I propose that the United States of America be added to the list of Member States contributing personnel to the police element of UNSMIH.
Indigenous peoples have the right to maintain and strengthen their distinct political, economic, social and cultural characteristics, as well as their legal systems, while retaining their rights to participate fully, if they so choose, in the political, economic, social and cultural life of the State.
The Policy has promoted the involvement of NGOs, private sector and religious institutions in health service delivery and in the development of human resources related to health services and care.
Daily monitoring of cases/trials by judicial monitors co-located in 10 of 15 counties (as 4 counties had no court houses and 1 county was covered by staff in Monrovia)
It was also considered prudent to include a modest provision for official travel of judges.
15 177 (9.8% of District Population) (1)
These include 35 families who returned to Vitina (Gnjilane), 7 families to Belo Polje (Pec), 14 families to their apartments and 24 families to containers next to a destroyed apartment building in Obilic (Pristina).
d. Article 28 H: "Every person shall have the right to receive facilitation and special treatment to have the same opportunity and benefit in order to achieve equality."
His Excellency Mr. David Oddsson, Prime Minister of the Republic of Iceland
Sturgis, South Dakota
Their aspirations have prevailed.
It is highly likely that desired health expenditures will be enormous for some things and trivial for others.
The Congress for Cultural Freedom, founded in 1950, was one of its many “fronts,” which funded well-known literary and political journals such as Encounter in the United Kingdom, as well as helping dissident intellectuals behind the Iron Curtain.
26. Ms. Bauzán de Senes (Uruguay) observed that sustainable development was a long-term goal whose fulfilment required the conjunction of a number of different factors, both internal and external.
4. Subsequently, in accordance with the procedure set out in document S/1996/704, the Secretary-General received notifications from Member States requesting him to retain items 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 23, 24, 25, 26, 28 and 38, as they appear in paragraph 3 above, on the list of matters of which the Security Council is seized.
Additional posts proposed 14 1 D-2, 1 P-5, 2 P-4, 6 P-3, 1 P-2, 3 General Service (Other level)
One post financed from the supplementary fund will be filled in August 1999.
The book was the result of ten years'assiduous research.
The Secretary-General or any other member of the staff of the secretariat who may be designated for that purpose may, at any time, make either oral or written statements concerning any question under consideration.
They urged States to provide comprehensive mobile health-care services to children living and/or working on the street, and to focus on preventive, curative and promotional aspects of health according to the needs of street children, as well as training for health workers.
Subsequently, the Programme Planning and Budget Division develops and recosts the budget via the United Nations Budget Information System, a budget creation system created in the early 2000s.
The right to food
13. Urges the United Nations system to continue to support the implementation of the recent resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights regarding the right to development;
The mission will, inter alia:
The UNEP Governing Council at its twenty-fifth session also took decisions on a number of other matters that will influence the future path of the overall UNEP Mercury Programme, in particular:
Work should be undertaken to ensure that countries with economies in transition have the institutional knowledge and information base to comply with Articles 5 and 7 of the Kyoto Protocol, and to develop policies and methodologies to participate effectively in emissions trading.
Chair Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004)
 Assessment will be undertaken of the implications of the new agency support cost arrangements for the provision of technical cooperation in statistics in the light of the provisions of General Assembly resolutions 44/211 and 47/199.
President of the Security Council
(d) Increased percentage of respondents to client surveys who rate the ease of access to financial information as at least "good" or "very good"
She shrank from admitting her guilt.
Noting that actions of the international community to combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and prevent access by non-State actors to weapons of mass destruction and related material, notably Security Council resolution 1540 (2004) of 28 April 2004, constitute contributions to the protection against nuclear and radiological terrorism,
524. The Commission noted with satisfaction that in 2005 comprehensive interpretation services were made available to the Seminar.
In response to the request of the HLC at its 10th session held in 1997, the UNDP Executive Board decided to allocate 0.5 per cent of its total programme (core) resources to SSC (estimated at US$15 million for the First Cooperation Framework for TCDC); a commitment that has apparently not been met.
Rounds of bread aroma directly toward the muzzle, he energetically the Yanzhao saliva.
Call for nominations of panellists for the fifty-sixth session of the Commission on the Status of Women
Displacement Love Utter. When present events upset you and remind you of unresolved feelings from childhood, imagine you can go back in time and write a letter to one of your parents, sharing your feelings and asking for their support.
Media Monitoring Officer
The special will culminate() as psychics, colleagues and confidantes() sit at a seance table for 30 minutes surrounded by infra-red() cameras that can capture any "presence" or spirit that enters the room
Subject matter experts from the public and private sectors and the academic community would participate as editors for the thematic areas, topics and categories.
The policy objective here is that the parties would normally expect and intend fruits and revenues to be encumbered, and that the non-mandatory rule should reflect these normal expectations.
The Mission consolidated the contributions of the sub-cluster members into a report for Chad on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1820 (2008).
The triumphs have been ours, as we were the ones who made peace.
8. Notes the importance of the participation of civil society organizations and other stakeholders in the sessions of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and its subsidiary bodies in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties, as well as the involvement of those stakeholders in the implementation of the Convention and the ten-year strategic plan and framework to enhance the implementation of the Convention;
The staffing level of the Joint Inspection Unit had not changed in 30 years, despite a 30-per-cent increase in the number of Member States.
For its administrative expenses, the Fund utilizes United Nations systems (the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS)) to record and compile its administrative expenses activity.
General instruments
Nevertheless , steric hindrance caused by chemical structure reduces the retention time.
Those children also get sick more frequently, tend to become more aggressive, have more depression and anxiety, and don't sleep as well as children from lower conflict homes, said El-Sheikh
He encouraged UNCTAD to continue to provide technical support to the Transit Transport Coordination Authority of the Northern Corridor and to do everything within its power to enable his country to use the corridor once again.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Kafr Killa.
C. Sustainable project management
(f) To advise on the special needs of persons with disabilities under the Compassionate Rehousing Scheme;
Everybody like to be with Xiangsheng performers and comedians.
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the administration of the Pension Fund and for the observance, by all concerned, of the Regulations and Rules of the Fund and the pension adjustment system.
This can be obtained through transfer of knowledge from the industrialised world to the developing countries.
7. As to the facts alleged, the Government says, in reference to the three children allegedly detained on 15 November 1995, that no one was detained arbitrarily.
The captain turned to his wizards. "You take us there, " he ordered. They began to cast, but their spells fizzled as well.
He also challenged the reigning assumption that oligopolies were inherently inefficient.
20. Finally, the evaluation somewhat misrepresents the role of resource mobilization in assessing UNDP performance.
That is what's called putting the question squarely.
Note of the Administrator
Designs sometimes become so complex that no one can understand why something continues to work at all.
UNICEF and GAIN are working to support acceleration efforts in 13 key countries.
Additional resources are required to be able to provide more in-depth and long-term national-level capacity-building assistance.
To call each thing by its right name.
Pakistan's recommendations touched up a wide range of domestic and international measures:
Jack's mother, stout and careful in her movements as though recovering from an operation, said, Want some coffee, don't you?
3. The report of the Secretary-General is mostly general in nature, providing a broad outline of management reform initiatives.
The Assembly must lead this effort, given the evident inability of the Security Council to ensure the implementation of its own binding resolutions.
By resolution 525, adopted on 28 March 2010, the Council of the League of Arab States reaffirmed that the payment of ransom to terrorist individuals, groups, institutions or organizations was an offence under Security Council resolution 1904 (2009).
This programme covers 97 per cent of the population.
- According to Department of Civil Status statistics for 1988, mortalities among women of child-bearing age represent 14.6 per cent of all female mortalities.
The Mission continues to identify and give first preference to equally qualified female candidates.
Two posts are required, in addition to the existing local post, in order for the Section to operate effectively.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Law enforcement in the Kyrgyz Republic is the preserve of special organs including the Procurator’s Office, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and its subsidiary organs, the Ministry of National Security, the Ministry of Justice and lawyers.
He mentioned the Japanese annexation of Korea in 1910.
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
My country, Switzerland, is, of course, prepared to play its part in resolving those enormous problems.
Concerning further development of the SCO, it is not difficult to answer this question.
In addition to transactional services, UNOPS provides other administrative support, such as hosting services to the Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council, supporting work that helped 3.2 million people improve their access to sanitation in 2013.
Ms. Gordon emphasized that today the production and distribution of textbooks were currently serious problems in many countries: the private sector considered it not to be profitable and even the World Bank and the IMF had expressed reluctance to provide funding.
University of Kent logo.svg
56. The Repertory and the Repertoire were valuable tools for research and for preservation of the Organization's institutional memory.
She took her son, ran out of the house, put him in her car, and drove quickly to the nearest doctor's office.
In complement to those efforts, I recommend that Member States commit additional voluntary technical and financial resources to increase outreach to the global South within the United Nations system.
Walking across a parking lot, a woman saw a driverless car slowly rolling toward her.
8. A recent report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/56/14) provides useful information regarding conditions of service and compensation for the members of the ICJ, the judges of the International Tribunals for Yugoslavia (ICTY) and for Rwanda (ICTR) and ad litem judges of ICTY.
Paragraphs Page
Chairman's Statement (Part II)
With the discontinuation of the functions of MONUSCO heads of offices, the Area Coordinators are the most senior United Nations officials in those provinces.
No global agenda can be successfully implemented without adequate financial resources, both national and international.
The determination of the outer limits of the continental shelf beyond 200 nautical miles of the relevant coastal States is one of the major events in the current international maritime affairs, which directly affects the overall interests of the international community.
Passport number: B010574.
Violence in Nigeria and Iraq has shut down fields.
There was one technique not impacted by Hendrix's left handedness: setting his guitar on fire. For that, he used both hands.
11 February 1990
Implement the recommendations made by the Representative of the Secretary-General on the human rights of internally displaced persons following his visit to Georgia on the eviction of IDPs and their relocation (France);
Note by the Secretary-General
5. Indigenous representatives proposed that an indigenous person should be elected as co-chairman of the working group.
Trade Law (agenda item 8) 16
16. Mrs. OGATA (United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees) said that it had proved difficult to separate the refugees from those who sought to intimidate them, since there was no legal definition of what constituted intimidation.
A total of 23 posts are proposed for reclassification.
Although Modi has declared that “the government has no business to be in business,” he has failed to question his government’s ownership and control of airlines and hotels.
The post-transitional arrangements have also become a focus of attention.
If the farmers can get continuous sunshine, they should have a satisfactory harvest.
Did Percy Fawcett go mad in the Amazon?
Article 4 of the Covenant allows for derogations from certain provisions of the Covenant during states of emergency, but does not affect the exercise of rights under the Optional Protocol.
Global analysis
Perhaps Methuselah lived hundreds of years. Perhaps this is only an exaggerated account.
H.E. Mr. Hardeep Singh Puri
4. Coherence is crucial
7. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/212 B of 31 March 1998, accepted the recommendations of the Board of Auditors for improving implementation of its recommendations approved by the Assembly subject to the provisions contained in the resolution.
Practice 4 (Advisers/Assistants)
Is the Fu that had disease of department of gynaecology phlogistic health can be medical woman menstruation deferred?
Furthermore, the fleet of vehicles should be justified in terms of the established standard ratios of vehicles to different categories of staff and personnel, and by the operational requirements of the Mission.
Jesus high priest son of Phineas.
锛?锛塗he important project that using the foreign capital to graft and reform the domestic capital enterprises, which is confirmed by the related departments of provincial government, the related governmental departments and financial units shall give an important support on aspects of allocation of essentials factors of production and loan of mobile fund, and the related preferential policies on state and provincial technical transformation shall be enjoyed.
 Licences of Private Homes (KWAI TSING)
Sub-chronic studies. Rats that received a daily oral doses of endosulfan at 1.6 - 3.2 mg/kg bw/d for 12 weeks showed no effects on growth rate.
Baha'i community
The State party is requested to provide information, including statistical data, on the complaints examined by EHRC in relation to alleged torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, and to indicated whether any such cases have been submitted to the competent authorities for prosecution.
16.56 The amount of $19,628,100, representing a net growth of $69,700, will provide for 65 posts (44 Professional and above and 21 General Service) ($17,018,300) and non-post resources ($2,609,800) relating to temporary assistance and overtime, consultants and experts, travel of staff and contractual services.
According to a recent independent midterm evaluation of the Peacebuilding Fund in Liberia, significant progress had been made in addressing the pervasive conflict issues in Liberian society, and it had been recommended that Liberia should receive a second tranche of funding from the Fund.
For its consideration of the items, the Council had before it the relevant sections of the report of the Commission on the Status of Women on its fifty-third session
Every effect must have an adequate cause.
The author is not represented by counsel.
That's what I'm gonna do. allah forgives.
Longer term activities will be the responsibility of the Government of Libya.
The Cardiovascular Research Foundation is a big supporter of the use of drug - treated stents.
So why isn't the stock higher?
The Centre was established in June 2006 pursuant to Commission resolution 61/6 of 18 May 2005.
Egypt
Water, sanitation and human settlements*
He has never mentioned marriage, and I'm beginning to think he's just toying with me.
3. Further requests the Secretariat to report on the implementation of the present decision to the Conference of the Parties at its ninth meeting;
12. Additional staffing requirements would be needed to provide 28 working months of service, at the P-3 level, over the two-year period (2013 and 2014), that is, the provision of general temporary assistance for 14 months per year at the P-3 level.
This letter confirms the report I have received from Port-au-Prince that President Aristide has returned to Haiti.
Outside employment and activities
Postal history by country
Election observers predicted that a win for the Parti Quebecois would lead to another 2)referendum on independence.
The European Union wishes to point out that the presence of any foreign troops from any country whatsoever on the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a violation of international law and an attack on the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In the Sudan, WFP feeding in schools supports the peacebuilding and reintegration process in parts of the country affected by conflict.
I began to see this pattern in many other situations. In my counseling practice, I also observed this phenomenon.
17. Decides also that there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 15 above, their respective share in the unencumbered balance of 706,000 dollars gross (640,000 dollars net) for the period from 1 December 1992 to 30 November 1993, inclusive;
That discretionary authority would be limited to staff members recruited under the established procedures set out in staff rules 104.14 and 104.15, who were subsequently requested to serve in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, at the General Service, Professional and Director (D-1, D-2) levels, and would require consultation with the heads of departments or offices concerned.
The tensile stress of trapezoid and rectangle were along the top and bottom edge of the linear distribution.
4. General debate on issues related to all aspects of the work of the Preparatory Committee.
The infection efficiency was almost 100 % confirmed by FACS examination.
According to the National Police account, these persons were detained for illegally carrying military weapons.
The company must promise to adhere to deadlines in terms of objectives and audit results, and to update the database regularly.
IV. Informal consultations
Crew Accommodation (Noise Control) Recommendation, 1970 (No. 141)
Such “expectational” and, in turn, “operational” overburdening has exposed monetary policy’s true limitations.
Ankle, foot and achilles tendon injuries are the most common accounting for 20 per cent of all sporting injuries.
Visits.
The query contains scalar or relational operators that cannot be run in parallel.
Protracted Relief and Recovery Operations Approved by the Executive Director
We will introduce clean production methods and develop the environmental protection industry.
At the 8th meeting, on 24 April 1998, following an introductory statement by the Secretariat, the Commission heard statements by the representatives of the Russian Federation, Botswana, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United States.
4. Requests the High Commissioner:
Consideration of the costed draft two-year work programme for the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention (2010 - 2011)
It was a lure to all that was fundamental in her sex.
Acupuncturist: How long have you been suffered from this symptom?
If they take control and stick to their guns, Cuba could face another long biology lesson.
In that connection the Head of the Turkmen State has invited the European Union delegation to visit Turkmenistan at any convenient time.
3234 (XXIX)
By requiring the hiring of a replacement with a similar status as a condition for the termination of employees with disabilities without cause, the law established limits on the exercise of optional prerogative of employers to terminate such employees, instituting, at least in situations of transition, a type of employment guarantee for the holders of the positions reserved for persons with disabilities.
28. In a letter dated 16 August 2004, the Government of Equatorial Guinea invited the Special Rapporteur to attend the judicial proceedings involving the alleged mercenaries charged with involvement in the reported attempted coup d'état in March 2004 in that country.
Rar including server architecture , the structure of the game , the game summary module design document.
The three dimensional constitution is the foundation to major of design; it has the important position in student's design thought raise.
Yes, sir. It'll all be taken care of.
(a) The Financial Regulations formulated by its Executive Board and the Rules established by the Administrator under the above regulations;
The effective implementation of the agreed provisions related to transfer of technology;
RV budget triennium
These horrible chills, which make my teeth chatter and seem to dislocate my bones, begin to pervade my whole frame; in five minutes the malady will reach its height, and in a quarter of an hour there will be nothing left of me but a corpse.
Mr. Hazan (Argentina) 27
The word "mental" reflects in itself the most criminal form of aggravated discrimination.
She went up to him gently.
 96. At the same meeting and following a statement by its President, the Trusteeship Council decided that the Visiting Mission to Palau to observe the forthcoming plebiscite would be dispatched on the understanding that the pending legal challenge relating to the plebiscite had been adjudicated definitively beforehand.
Comments, questions and suggestions are invited to be sent to dgacm-feedback@un.org.
2. State Parties shall grant women equal rights with men with respect to the nationality of their children.
His delegation hoped also to see the draft Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism adopted during the current session.
said he; you shall have nothing
Isolde: "Tristan, we both know this can't be. We've known it from the start. "
Behave Can I go to the party with you, daddy?
Revision from January 2, 2008 14:07:21 by:
He must have traversed more than a league and a half in those frightful subterranean galleries, bent over, weighed down, in the dark, in the cess-pool,--more than a league and a half, sir, with a corpse upon his back!
4. Pursuant to Commission decision 2000/113, an addendum to this report is issued.
Report of the Second Committee
The view was expressed that the empowerment of women and the improvement of their living conditions were critical for Africa's success.
Recently, Chinese Defense Minister Liang Guanglie said that China would not remain the world's only major country without an aircraft carrier.
Recalling that, in "The future we want", States underscored that broad public participation and access to information and judicial and administrative proceedings were essential to the promotion of sustainable development and that sustainable development required the meaningful involvement and active participation of regional, national and subnational legislatures and judiciaries, and all major groups, and, in this regard, that they agreed to work more closely with major groups and other stakeholders and encouraged their active participation, as appropriate, in processes that contribute to decision-making, planning and implementation of policies and programmes for sustainable development at all levels,
Blinking is a mechanical action of the eyelids.
From the viewpoint of international law, immunity of a State official is based on the principle of the sovereign equality of States.
Q7. Please provide information on the measures taken to increase job opportunities for refugees, particularly for women heads of single-parent families.
Once he visited a temple and painted on the wall four dragons, but gave none of them eyes.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.5/69/L.23 without a vote (see para. 6).
8(2)(b)(xxii)-3 War crime of enforced prostitution
The Internet site has a link to the legislative data bank (Finlex) where the Finnish version of the Optional Protocol to the CEDAW is available. X. Appendixes
In addition, there seems to be an improved climate of interreligious communication and cooperation in Cyprus, which the Special Rapporteur witnessed during the ground-breaking interreligious round tables held in Nicosia in September 2013.
He set down his load and had break.
Mr. Sigman (United States of America), supported by Mr. Ghia (Italy), proposed explaining the broad interpretation of the term "priority" in the commentary.
A tripartite meeting of senior staff members of the WCO, the WTO and the UNCTAD secretariats, with the objective of enhancing cooperation in the areas of trade facilitation, trade compliance and trade efficiency, is expected to take place in early 1997.
In this respect, our Party requests UNMIN not to hand over those materials to SC or the Government without any further understanding and agreements among the concerned parties of the peace process, the major political parties and the Government.
We continue to be very concerned about illegal, unregulated and unreported (IUU) fishing activities that threaten the sustainability of fish stock resources.
Subsequently, many peripheral countries followed sound macroeconomic policies, once again attracting large capital inflows, and in recent years have enjoyed fast economic growth.
In fact , according to Arreola's trainer , Henry Ramirez, it's the best time, critics be damned.
359/1989, Ballantyne and Davidson A/48/40
Alternatively, the Sub-Commission may wish to ask the Commission to appoint a special rapporteur on this topic.
20. Four presentations were made as part of the overview of the COSPASSARSAT system, including an update of the current status of the system, statistics and regulatory measures, and the operation of the system, especially in South Africa.
58/115 Assistance for humanitarian relief and the economic and social rehabilitation of Somalia
Top 1: I always forget to bring my wallet.
The Chairperson (spoke in French): I now invite the Committee to move on to cluster 3, "Outer space (disarmament aspects)".
Personal Protection
7. At the same meeting, statements were made by the Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund, Ms. Carol Bellamy.
Aladdin's mother wanted her son to be happy. She asked the genie for something nice to give the sultan.
Specifying runtime database connection information
Kenyan environmental activist Wangari Maathai won the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for her work as leader of the Green Belt Movement, which has sought to empower women, better the environment and fight corruption in Africa for almost 30 years
UNOMIG
Central Africa
Please indicate whether there are any plans to introduce statutory gender quota for general and local elections.
Despite this week’s turmoil in Beirut, Lebanon has an advantage that Iraqis should emulate.
Göttlesbrunn-Arbesthal
9. Meeting with United Nations agencies and mechanisms, and intergovernmental organizations.
47. In connection with its long-standing cooperation with UN-Habitat, the Office participated and contributed to the 4th World Urban Forum in November 2008 on Harmonious Cities.
218. In the process of conducting its activities, the Panel visited Khartoum and Darfur several times, where it interacted with alleged victims of violations of international humanitarian and human rights law, eyewitnesses, representatives of the Government of the Sudan and of rebel movements, and international monitors.
She looks up at him--is she blushing?
II. Introduction 5 - 55 5
Certainly, a Yes vote would put an even higher premium on effective EU governance.
Countries should also mobilize all sectors of society in a partnership to promote the global cause of poverty reduction.
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered an advance copy of the Secretary-General's second performance report on the programme budget of the United Nations for the biennium 2008-2009 (A/64/545).
Workshop on the International Criminal Court, July 1999.
The book in question is allegedly the result of a detailed investigation into corruption in the Chilean judiciary and its support for the military junta of the Pinochet Government.
Jeff:Hey, sister, you dance so sexy.
caparison n.
He also suffered from the overcrowding of the detention centre (there were only 10 beds for 20-25 detainees), and was unable to sleep there because the light was permanently kept turned on.
We ponder the successes, failures and standout events that are slowly scripting our lifes story.
It puts special emphasis on the principles of consultation and participation, stipulating that Governments shall:
6. Reaffirms the commitment to and urging developed countries that have not yet done so, to make concrete efforts towards meeting the targets of 0.7 per cent of their gross national product for official development assistance to developing countries and 0.15 to 0.2 per cent of their gross national product to least developed countries, and encourages developing countries to build on progress achieved in ensuring that official development assistance is used effectively to help meet development goals and targets;
:: The policy of equality between women and men.
Automobiles must be built according to safety standards, and must carry pollution - control devices.
Jamaica
But that lack of precision may not matter.
1987 Director of Studies of Private International Law at The Hague Academy of International Law
Decision Page
The website provides the possibility for Government administrations to update this information or to submit new information for the various sectors concerned.
When one is deprived of everything that he was familiar with once he must feel it difficult to cope with the new society.
Some Knowledge and Treatment of Anxiety and Delirium in the Severe Cases Monitored
He noted, in particular, the building of settlements, the annexation of East Jerusalem and recent events in the region.
Acknowledging in this respect the important contribution the Council-mandated arms embargo makes to countering the illicit transfer of small arms and light weapons in the DRC, and in supporting post-conflict peacebuilding, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration and security sector reform,
Work undertaken and action taken
I swear to god, I will open the sunroof, Pick you up with one hand And toss you into the carpool lane.
Sarah: Yes, as a matter of fact, they are being proven to be the most successful method of cleaning up after land-based oil spills and are useful for marine spills. Bo Wow!
Clinical analysis of 27 cases of mental retardation accompanied with affective disorder
Yuhuamen station
19. The first article on which the defamation charge was based was published in issue No. 23 of Umurabyo.
79. To ensure an enabling environment for civil society and the freedoms of expression, assembly and association, the Government should:
Take a world map and think for a moment.
As you see, our gallery is rather crowded today.
Article 1
Violence against women itself creates the conditions that deny women their right to an adequate standard of living.
Through inter-agency special interest groups that focus on the principal products that are used throughout the system, United Nations organizations are working to harmonize business practices associated with the use of these important business tools and to reduce software costs by adopting system-wide economies of scale.
(spoke in English)
Footer Olympic Champions 5000m Relay Short Track Speed Skating Mens
Therefore, additional places at both the lower and upper basic levels will have to be created at an accelerated pace;
1. On 31 January 2001 the Preparatory Committee held a panel discussion on adolescent development and participation.
Higher priority needs to be given to such activities.
Objective: To investigate the relationship between the retinal changes and clinical characteristics of patients with gestational hypertensive syndrome.
Prioritization must be conducted in this context of progressive realization.
2020s in Italy
Violence against women is widespread and a major cause of morbidity and early mortality.
Subsequently, on 1 November, the members of the Commission elected Bakary Fofana as its new chairman, for a seven-year term.
3. Tarek Ishake Abu-Harbeed
The list of non-State participants in the round tables will be established on a first-come, first-served basis.
(e) Ensure that all child victims of violence and abuse have access to adequate care and counselling, and to assistance with recovery and reintegration;
The Inter-ministerial Committees in all provinces/ municipalities have launched combating operations and achieved as follows:
The FAO/Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) publication Agricultural Outlook expects prices to remain above their historical trend levels and to continue to be volatile in the medium term.
Annual progress report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001 - 2010 (General Assembly resolution 62/203 and Council resolution 2009/31)
Original in Chinese
The Special Rapporteur sees no need to return to this point.
Please, provide updated and detailed statistics on the number of women victims of trafficking, including minors, as well as on complaints, investigations, prosecutions, convictions, and penalties imposed on the perpetrators of such crimes and on compensation received by the victims.
If not available. please let us know the lead time required for manufacturing of these insulators.
Latvia*
19 June 2010
Mr. Jan has never been released from the custody of the State since his initial arrest on 16 August 2005.
staffing table - the approved number and grades of employed personnel in an organization;
When Adam Smith had written "An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations" in the 1700s, the per capita income of the richest country in the world (the Netherlands) had been about four times that of the poorest country in the world (Nepal).
Long long ago, there was war between the birds and the beasts.
www.un.org/spanish/docs/comites/1373/index.html
20. The media has often played a harmful role by stereotyping Roma.
Mongolia
Victims are exempt from the prepayment of fees for obtaining forensic reports that may serve as evidence of crimes committed against them.
Judgement No. 1268
45. The initial apportionment for official travel for 2004/05 amounted to $3,942,700.
[29]I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe toluck is not luck at all.
UNEP, in partnership with a wide range of others including Finland, Norway, Sweden, the United States of America, the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Education Scientific and Cultural Organisation and the University of Kalmar, is coordinating the preparation of a Global Environment Facility (GEF) project on a regionally-based international waters assessment as a follow up to the GIWA assessment.
93. On the other hand, he said, significant progress had been made since the Rio Conference in addressing the impact of land-based pollution on the marine environment and the management of water. However, if the international community was to meet the policy objectives of poverty alleviation, food security and improved health, water must be managed holistically.
(q) Follow-up to the 2013 high-level meeting of the General Assembly on nuclear disarmament;
In most states, pharmacists are required by law to counsel customers about new prescriptions
The Common Data Representation (CDR) is the formal mapping of the data types to be used in a CORBA invocation.
73. The work of the Panel under its extended mandate has reinforced the findings presented in its first report that there are ongoing wilful and systematic violations of the N'Djamena Ceasefire Agreement by all parties to the Agreement.
62. Lastly, with regard to the budget cycle for peacekeeping operations, the Committee had had difficulty in deciding during the current session how to proceed with its consideration of the peacekeeping budget.
Be your age. You are eighteen, not eight!
UNESCO, Executive Board
The representative of Cuba made a statement and also drew the attention of the Committee to corrections to be made in the Spanish version of the text.
[throat clearing] Many people take their hearing for granted.
Xi said the achievement made during the boundary meeting would benefit both sides and increase the strategic mutual trust.
suck the breast an infant at the breast a child at suck give suck to a baby strain every muscle The baby took [sucked] the breast.
In addition, I express my appreciation to the Head of Mission, Lieutenant-General Tadesse Werede Tesfay, and the staff of UNISFA for their proactive efforts to deploy and to start implementing the mandate in very challenging circumstances.
By the end of the twentieth century, the fertility rate had declined to slightly less than three children per woman.
Peter discovered himself as a good dancer as ever and in dancing he forgot everything, his wife, his child and everything.
Conclusion Källqvist (2005)
UNRWA Lebanon camp improvement programme
Non-governmental organizations
More choice often puts consumers in a bind.
(k) The scope of immunity from foreign criminal jurisdiction of serving officials differs depending on the level of the office they hold.
But it will be endangered if the credibility of the WTO is damaged by a Doha Round failure.
Indeed, broader access to financial services would help the estimated 400 million micro, small, and medium-size enterprises in developing countries to prosper, while enabling the 2.5 billion people worldwide who currently lack access to such services to build their assets.
Summary
* 2005 data.
Rather, the Special Rapporteur observes that a corollary of the harmonization of migration law and policy at the European Union level appears to be the rise of increasingly complex and restrictive rules around conditions of entry, and far stricter border management policies.
Now in the same year, in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the fourth year, in the fifth month, Hananiah the son of Azzur, the prophet, who was from Gibeon, spoke to me in the house of the Lord in the presence of the priests and all the people, saying
125. Pay disparities have remained essentially unchanged since the early 1990s.
The Working Group, noting the decision taken on the matter in the context of article 20 at the current session (see paras. 146-148 above), did not accept the suggestion.
As I said in my press conference with President Jiang, we have an ongoing quest ourselves to live up to those ideals.
Not only will it remind you of the reason you should be enthusiastic, but it will also review for you the benefits of that enthusiasm.
Interpretation of rule 59 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council
Men have a natural preference for women with youthfully narrow 1)waists and full 2)hips.
Requests the Global Environment Facility to include, in its regular report to the Conference of the Parties, information on the specific steps it has taken to implement the guidance contained in paragraphs 1 and 2 above;
CDI participated in a discussion with the legislative branch on draft reforms with regard to the Office of the Public Defender, linguistic rights, civil procedures and indigenous media.
Guineab c d Guinea-Bissauc
Ten days after the resolution, the ceasefire was established, but the blockade was not lifted.
- Proposals made by regions
I wandered in and out of the brilliant stacks of cans following you, and followed in my imagination by the store detective.
Furthermore, while she recognizes that there is a process provided by law which grants to the Immigration Appeal Division a general discretion to consider the personal circumstances of a permanent resident under order of deportation, this discretion does not recognize or encompass consideration of fundamental interests such as integrity of the family.
Oh, Charlie, what a beautiful watch!
Instituto Panamericano de Alta Dirección de Empresa
(UNA012-01030) Commission on Science and Technology for Development
Start of initialization (review of system documentation)
The President: The Assembly will now hear an address by the President of Turkmenistan.
However, according to the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/51/803), the review of start-up kits and of progress achieved in establishing them had disclosed that the project was still far from being workable.
Burundi
(ii) United Nations Commission on Human Rights
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
6. Provisional agenda for the next session of the Commission.
These new immigrants, who were predominantly Christian, came to America in
Provisional agenda
30. Regarding the establishment of eight new posts in the Safety and Security Section, the Secretary-General states that the operating environment within Somalia is extremely hostile and volatile, and close protection would also be provided to other UNPOS and UNSOA staff when they move to unsafe locations.
In the interface, you localize the JAX-RS annotations and add a class to implement the interface.
The settler population had grown at an average yearly rate of 5.3 per cent, compared with 1.8 per cent in Israel.
The Chair also informed the Committee of the communications received from the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and from the President of the Government of New Caledonia, who wished to make statements under agenda item 59.
The promotion of an equitable and fair multilateral trading system would go a long way in promoting Africa's trade prospects.
The typhoon is coming. We'll have to get everything ready to evacuate the rig.
The quality of engineering design would directly affect the final quality and the project investing purpose of the chemical engineering projects .
:: Organization of monthly inter-agency coordination meetings with the World Bank, UNDP, UNICEF, Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, European Union, NGOs and donor community involved in reintegration, repatriation and resettlement programmes for implementation of reinsertion programmes and mobilization of financial resources to meet funding shortfalls
(E.B.White, American writer) There can be no economy where there is no efficiency.
From 13 to 15 July 2009, the Centre organized a training-of-trainers from civil society on gender and human rights in Bafoussam, Cameroon.
 The main obstacle to our national effort, however, is the lack of adequate financial and material resources.
(a) United Nations Disengagement Observer Force
9.Keep a Schedule It is a very good idea to write down the tasks you need to achieve in each day.
First, by hosting the United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation (UNOSSC), strengthen support for system-wide coordination and action, under the guidance of the High Level Committee.
While Libya's economy is expected to benefit from a rapid recovery, uncertainties remain with respect to the security situation and the political process.
(d) Human resources risk
but still I find with surprise that the old argument is, as I conceive, unshaken as ever.
A lesson from the East Asian crisis is that under these circumstances, countries must establish good prudential and supervisory frameworks to avoid the risk of collapse of their financial systems: the Bank is supporting these efforts.
As the distinguished Ambassador of the United States has reminded us, the Conference on Disarmament is not the only negotiating forum in Geneva; there are other forums, including at least one other disarmament negotiating forum in Geneva, in this case a bilateral one but a negotiating forum nonetheless.
For the moment, it's making a tidy sum.
Official Records
A new survey showed . When it cornea to raw emotion. The once buttoned-up Brits are now happy to drop tears quite openly.
Case 116: MAL 8(1) - BWV Investments Ltd. v. Saskferco Products Inc. et al. and UHDE GmbH (25 November 1994)
This is ongoing.
8. India provided detailed data on the number of kidnapping cases in which a charge had been made against a suspect and a conviction then secured.
At its sixty-seventh session, the General Assembly adopted resolution 67/75, entitled "Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region".
Information technology issues were also indicated as a major challenge in many countries because the existing processing and analysis systems do not scale for big data.
The United States embassy stated bluntly that the result was "inconsistent" with reports by numerous election observers.
The Doha Round negotiations should be promoted to achieve the goal of a development round.It is also necessary to oppose trade protectionism, and work towards the establishment and development of an open, fair and just multilateral trading system.
In India, productivity can be improved simply by building a better road from a factory to the railhead.
The draft resolution just adopted refers specifically to Security Council resolutions, for example resolution 687 (1991), which my delegation was unable to support for reasons it explained at the time; that resolution refers to IAEA activities carried out in extraordinary, sui generis circumstances.
He further informed the Security Council that the Committee also discussed, among other issues, the possibility of issuing a guidance note to aid States in their submission of national implementation reports, and sending letters to States requesting them to provide, on a voluntary basis, additional identifiers for individuals subject to travel bans and asset freezes.
Xu Qing ^ sfire burn bed play intercepting picture!
In order to maximize their potential, small launcher developers must apply the same innovative, low-cost design approach used on small satellites.
Swaziland
Although section V of the report identifies concrete actions, it focuses only on strengthening the quality of evaluation reports and not on how acceptance of evaluation as a management function can be created.
Reports of the Fifth Committee adopted by the General Assembly
1. UNICEF is mandated by the United Nations General Assembly to advocate for the protection of children’s rights, to help meet their basic needs and to expand their opportunities to reach their full potential.
103. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution.
Companies ran down inventories at a slower pace, a contributor to growth that should continue for at least two more quarters.
This armor provides neutrally - aligned characters with + 2 AC and + 2 Saving Throws.
Please enter your Username and Password to enter the Darlington Virtual Center.
This conversion is based on the analytic expression of sonic and elastic wave equation and use the different wave field extrapolation which is initially used in seismic migration and forward modeling.
Campillo de Azaba
After the death of his wife, he became wrapped in self pity.
Rule 43
I must advise the farm of the quantity of the wheat as per the contract.
Such awards have motivated chains to improve internal procedures on error reports
107. The Human Rights Council must continue to focus on and promote women's rights to adequate housing, land, property and inheritance.
(b) To bring the actions of its military and security forces into conformity with the standards of international law, in particular those of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights;
The detailed risk analysis consequently sees the aetioporphyrin file the accessories four.
25. The Commission can now confirm, on the basis of available evidence, that a network of individuals acted in concert to carry out the assassination of Rafiq Hariri and that this criminal network, the "Hariri network", or parts thereof, are linked to some of the other cases within the Commission's mandate.
Discussion, exchange and networking, within and among institutions, societies, organisations and governments, both nationally and internationally, are important;
To justify their claim that they represent their members, professional bodies must extend their membership beyond the big cities.
The Group of Experts thanks the MONUC offices in Bunia, Goma and Lubumbashi and its liaison offices in Kampala and Kigali.
Air security officer program
(ii) Three evaluations of the regional cooperation frameworks in Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America and the Caribbean, respectively
Furthermore, she advocated that the Government establish a formal ministerial coordination mechanism to prevent and respond to violations against children and to facilitate the sharing of information on grave violations within the Government and with the United Nations.
Laureana di Borrello
Reports referred to the use of surplus military explosives to make devices for criminal or other illicit uses, as well as basic smuggling and trafficking in surplus or stolen munitions of various kinds, which raises not only criminal justice issues, but also questions of arms control and national security in many regions.
who gave it to you why the person gave it to you
Based on the lessons learned in this project, and on the continuing presence of arsenic in the drinking water sources in Bangladesh, the Organization has entered into a partnership with World Health Organization (WHO) and the Government of Bangladesh to develop an expanded programme to remove arsenic from drinking water and to address the human health issues related to this chemical.
Armenia requested assistance to implement measures to maintain minimal greenhouse gas emissions.
See also Small arms and light weapons.
 106. There were 338,290 Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in Lebanon at the end of June 1994, an increase of 3 per cent over the year, which was consistent with estimated population growth.
432. In the Republic of Cape Verde, all human beings are considered equal before the law (art. 23 of the current Constitution).
Finland international footballers
It discussed the results of the national programmes and international research projects on child / adolescent health.
United Nations cooperation
199. Before closing the session, the Chair thanked delegates, the chairs of contact groups and the facilitators of informal consultations for their contributions.
When he got to the lobby of the hotel where the party was held, he checked out the crowd and decided he wouldnt have to change after all
widow's pension;
4. National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
It is possible to use codes so that each column can include several subcategories of information;
Priority is given to women, in particular providing women with training in productive and income-generating occupations.
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
At the same meeting, the representative of Chile said that his delegation remained convinced that the search for a peaceful and negotiated solution between Argentina and the United Kingdom on the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) was the only possible option.
This process, it must be underscored, should be supported by other like-minded moderate States in the region and the international community, but it cannot be a substitute for direct Israeli-Palestinian dialogue.
From a distance the braces look to be giant bleached drumsticks of a creature long dead.
Out of warm love for his , country and people, Du Fu wrote many poems which reflected and criticized his age.
The temperature today is 37 degrees Centigrade. unbearably hot.
The menstrual periods were painful and irregular, occurring approximately twice monthly.
Resolution 1674 (2006), para. 7
Between ourselves, that young man's hair is much too long.
Overall, around 70 per cent of all developing country Parties were represented at the events, which helped achieve outcomes that accurately reflect their needs and concerns.
Maldives
Actually, I've be chatting with a Very abundance nice guy.
The master list was intended also to establish a direct linkage of existing databases on contract approvals and payments.
Boys who are unprotected from being bullied fantasize about getting even.
Losses arising as a result of unpaid retention monies
They do not go to the bottom the sea.
That raises the prospect of a major funding gap opening up in the coming years.
53. In November 2009 a training session on "child rights and child protection in situations of armed conflict within the return and reintegration context and United Nations Security Council resolution 1612 (2005)" was organized by the UPDF Human Rights Department and the agency responsible for return and reintegration in northern Uganda.
We note that more than two-thirds of United Nations Member States recognize Palestine as a State.
If the topic changes, change the subject line to match it
Permit me also to congratulate Madam Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa on her election to the lofty and responsible post of President and wish her success in guiding the fruitful work of the sixty-first session of the United Nations General Assembly.
12. The Instructions of 20 September 1994 stipulate that the Government’s policy is to authorize detention only when there is no alternative.
On combat vehicles, operational serviceability is required for the main weapon and its associated fire control system.
International Civil Aviation Organization
Reported the effect of stabilizers chelating agents activators and concentration temperature time to bleaching of peroxy compounds.
In addition to the programme, working groups on agitation and propaganda have sought to strengthen a culture of tolerance.
Praise him for his mighty acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness.
Water system, sanitation and utilities
On Sunday I watched TV.
(b) Adoption of the draft biennial calendar of conferences and meetings for 2012 and 2013
The amount of dissolved organic matter in water, which in turn influenced ultraviolet penetration, was also affected, with consequences for aquatic biogeochemical processes.
Kosovo, Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (7 January 1999)
II. Cooperation with human rights mechanisms
V. Prevention of the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography (art. 9, paras. 1 and 2)
 His replacement, however, holds the rank of a Brigadier-General, who was appointed at the D-2 level.
Rule 20
That is ridiculous to the point of being offensive.
If the department of commercial affairs does not authorize finally, that was troublesome.
Heads of department and office would retain delegated authority for recruitment and placement and, together with their programme managers, remain responsible for ensuring that the vacant posts are filled in a timely manner, by the most suitable candidate, and in accordance with the organizational mandates, principles and standards.
Mr YIP Hing-kwok, MH
It became evident in the first reporting exercise that all stakeholders (Parties, other reporting entities, Convention institutions and bodies, and civil society organizations) need adequate time to undertake the activities necessary for high-quality reporting and analysis.
5.3 As to his work within the party, the author wishes to make it clear that, at his second interview, he stated that he shared the party's ideas and supported the party, but that he did not play an active part in it.
The UNCTAD Virtual Institute continued to help academic institutions in LDCs strengthen their capacity to teach and research trade and development issues.
The committee shall interview each candidate and review the original documents submitted by each of them.
Whence should proceed that cry of love, if not from the heights of sacrifice?
Article 12
1. Requests the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention operating the Least Developed Countries Fund:
He trusted that that cooperation would continue so that essential facilities and services could be restored and basic economic activities could be re-established to avoid long-term economic and social disruption.
Taiwanese feminists
We conform or do not conform to it; it does not urge or chide us, not call for any emotions on our part other than those naturally aroused by the various objects which it unfolds in their true nature and proportion. Religion brings some order into life by weighting it with new materials
16. On 25 June 2007, a landmark parliamentary decision had been taken to improve the education of all minorities, with a view to improving their social and economic situation.
The senators described the meeting as frank but not confrontational.
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to implement its mandate, and requests the Programme to continue:
- take necessary administrative, organizational, protocol and technical measures for holding meetings of CHS, CFM and SOC, as well as other meetings under the auspices of CCTS;
I should be grateful if the present letter was circulated as a document of the Security Council.
The flight signalled the extension of the cross-Straits charter flight service, which used to be restricted to the Spring Festival
Law of Singapore
The annual pharmaceutical usage estimate from the United States is about 133 kg or 293 pounds of lindane.
71. Technical assistance is requested in the following areas:
The pupils tried out their own landscapes using pencil on paper.
United Nations Forum on Forests
October/November (5 weeks) j
[D] It is easier to understand general characteristics of science.
Egypt has now experienced an autocratic restoration.
Determining that the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo continues to pose a threat to international peace and security in the region,
I cannot explain this, Dear, I will not even try.
In addition to the Law No. 61 of 1982, with respect to the prohibition of their means of delivery related activities by non-state actors, the production, transfer, import and transportation of gunfire, including propellant are regulated by "The Gunpowder Control Act" (Law No. 149 of 1950), as Japan reported on the page 6 of the first report.
Departmental Meeting >>Departmental Meeting >>Departmental Meeting >>SHARON: Well, you two.
The Government is making no attempt to attack unemployment.
Unemployment benefits
Provisions on additional protection and support for human rights and fundamental freedoms were included in articles 6 - 8, 15, 16, 18, 20 and 101 of the amended Constitution.
48. United Nations entities have assisted some States in becoming more inclusive.
Residence requirement for applicants for social security
1. In accordance with article 64, paragraph 10, the Registrar shall take measures to make, and preserve, a full and accurate record of all proceedings, including transcripts, audio- and video-recordings and other means of capturing sound or image.
2. The purpose of UNRWA is to contribute to the human development of Palestine refugees in the Gaza Strip, the West Bank, Jordan, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic until a just solution is found to the refugee issue.
Most healthcare organizations have disparate IT systems and components that do not talk to each other.
clamp two boards together
30. To comply with their international obligations in relation to article 6, States parties should endeavour to promote the right to work in other countries as well as in bilateral and multilateral negotiations.
48. Refugees placed a heavy burden on host countries and created serious administrative, economic, social and environmental problems.
Zarzosa de Río Pisuerga
Tuesday, 28 November 2006, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
There still remain 21 members of the Authority (unchanged since 2012) that became parties to the Convention prior to the adoption of the 1994 Agreement but have not yet become parties to that Agreement.
Panellists then spoke, in the following order: Mr. Erik Haites, Margaree Consultants, and senior consultant to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; Mr. Bruno Figueroa, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Mexico; Mr. José Luis del Valle Doblado, Iberdrola; Mr. Takahiko Onozuka, Japan Bank for International Cooperation; and Mr. Matthew Bateson, World Business Council on Sustainable Development.
There are however 13 other religious schools (Muslim) where girls are not allowed to enrol.
Proposed staffing by Department/Office: 2007/08
(b) Social development, including questions relating to the world social situation and to youth, ageing, disabled persons and the family (A/62/61-E/2007/7, A/62/61/Add.1-E/2007/7/Add.1, A/62/132, A/62/132/Add.1, A/62/154, A/62/157, A/62/357 and A/C.3/62/L.4)
Objective:
As a result of these criteria, only 50 per cent of witnesses become eligible for reimbursement for lost earnings.
It welcomed the adoption of national strategies and policies to support human rights, and encouraged Afghanistan to implement them fully.
Tough legal, administrative and security measures are being taken to counter non-Egyptian terrorist elements suspected of association with terrorist organizations (foreign and Egyptian organizations and elements of those organizations who have fled the country).
Immigration Officers also meet all visiting yachts and inspect the travel documents of all entering the country through that means.
(b) Specialized equipment for a first response to threats from hazardous materials ($200,000);
We found men who love us even though we’re still cranky and neurotic, haven’t got our careers together, and sometimes talk too loudly, drink too much and swear at the television news.
 In that area UNDP was working together with the Bretton Woods institutions.
Prior to 1984, Government had a Pension Scheme which was confined to only those working in the Civil Service.
195. The Commission decided to report to the General Assembly that it planned to address, in cooperation with the Board, all aspects of the special index as part of the 1996 comprehensive review of the pensionable remuneration and consequent pensions for staff in the Professional and higher categories.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), every year 47,000 women die from undergoing unsafe abortions, and since 2003 the incidence of unsafe abortion has increased.
241. At its 42nd meeting, on 20 July, following statements by the representatives of Peru and Chile, the Council adopted a draft decision entitled "Report of the Commission on the Status of Women on its fifty-fourth session and provisional agenda and documentation for the fifty-fifth session of the Commission", recommended by the Commission (see E/2010/27, chap. I, sect. C).
But I cannot understand why so many lives are lost to floods, interventionism, war and hunger?
Currency exchange rate
16. A number of participants suggested that there was scope for the formulation by treaty bodies of guidelines which would provide for an expanded core document including substantive areas common to each treaty, as well as statistical information, including difficulties in the collection of such information.
Comment: Two parties in their written submissions proposed that the new draft text should provide for the establishment of an expert body that would advise the Conference of the Parties regarding the implementation, review or further development of the mercury instrument.
Local government subsidies, meanwhile, will average at least 10 yuan per person per year. In 2001, the Ministry of Health issued suggestions for intensifying health work in the west of the country, which proposed continuing to increase healthrelated investment in western regions, and healthoriented funding and other support from the central Government for poor areas of the west to accelerate the construction of basic health facilities in rural communities.
Please inform us once the adress changes
Survey of troop-contributing countries/police-contributing countries regarding satisfaction and concerns with DPKO planning and support processes
15. Urges Member States to increase efforts, including to address the ongoing social impact of the crises, to improve the quality of education and promote universal access to education, particularly for young women, outofschool youth, youth with disabilities, indigenous youth, youth in rural areas, young migrants and youth living with HIV and affected by AIDS, without discrimination on any basis, to ensure that they can acquire the knowledge, capacities, skills and ethical values needed, including by appropriate access to scholarships and other mobility programmes, nonformal education, and technical and vocational education and training, in order to further develop their contributions to societies as relevant actors to promote development;
The responsibility is to heal the Earth, which is scarred and degraded.
Many efforts have been made in the past, but the results have not been encouraging.
Please also provide information on the application of the provisions relating to divorce in the Islanders Divorce Act and indicate whether women have access to legal advice in order to request divorce on the grounds adopted in law.
Look into foreground, economist people still be in we are depicting a hopeful picture.
72. Notwithstanding their subsequent official commitment to engaging in inclusive political negotiations under the auspices of IGAD, the President and Riek Machar continue to backtrack on their agreements and question the modalities of the peace process.
48. The Administration commented that the annual leave liabilities were accrued as at 30 June 2007 and that it was appropriate to reflect those liabilities as an adjustment to reserve and fund balances.
* The English language is not owned by one country or one race.
 The Secretary-General of the Union, for his part, placed the matter before ACC, which met at ITU headquarters on 11 and 12 April 1994.
The international community must be involved more meaningfully in assisting the peoples of these countries.
The State must offer women a clear route out of violent situations, and ensure that those who abuse them are held to account.
Vocational training/income-generation support
"In an outburst of anger I hid My face from you for a moment, But with everlasting lovingkindness I will have compassion on you," Says the Lord your Redeemer.
Where information on actual staff costs is available, however, the figures have been adjusted accordingly.
Hispanic or Latino Americans tend to be somewhat less in management and professional occupations, and more concentrated in service and sales and office occupations, as well as in natural resources, construction and maintenance; and production, transportation and material moving.
It is also concerned about the failure of the mechanisms established by Act No. 975 of 2005 to reflect crimes involving sexual violence and by the fact that they are not always documented in forensic reports, despite the instructions that have been issued (arts. 2 and 16 of the Convention).
The economic strength is the ultimate factor for currency hegemony.
Migration Act 1958, Act. No. 62 of 1958, as amended through Act.
No provision is required under this heading.
Mr. Asoka de Z. Gunawardena (Sri Lanka)
The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m.
Recommendation 8
Sinopec's media-relations department couldn't immediately be reached for comment.
 The international community had a responsibility to ensure the prosecution of individuals who committed criminal attacks against United Nations and associated personnel when national authorities were incapable of doing so.
CIVIL ENGINEERING Seal of joints between various walls joint filler for roads and bridges.
We use a percentage of our Home as a tax write - off.
41. In 1987, UNICEF established a reserve of $100,000 to self-insure for property losses.
(a) Completely closed systems:
I think it most probable - though, of course, it's only an opinion - that you'll all have the deuce to pay before you get that malaria out of your systems.
During the last year, participation forums were established with more than 2,200 victims' organizations and more than 320 organizations defending the rights of victims, which are now participating effectively in the coordination bodies.
We have designed the corporate-tax credit to maximize its positive impact on the economy: labor costs will fall immediately without depressing aggregate demand in 2013, because the spending cuts (€10 billion) and household tax increases that will fund the credit will begin only in 2014.
A summary of the status of implementation of the recommendations and the comments of the Board are set out in the annex to the present report.
Objective To discuss the status of indirect nursing times in basilar hospital and provide evidence for distributing nursing labor scientifically.
The system will be (a) capable of tracking mother and child throughout the entire cycle (pregnancy, delivery and perinatal care, childcare until child reaches the age of 6); (b) well-thought out to ensure access to the data currently lacking; (c) proficient enough to transform the raw data into useful information and serve as a powerful tool for quality management of maternal and child health, which supports evidence-based decisions and policymaking.
League of Arab States
Cracks came as information spread, especially about the system's bogus history and economic failings.
So when I get Scylla, you'll get your traveling money.
Members of the Council welcome your decision to appoint Noel Sinclair to head the Office.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.22.
Under the auspices of the United Nations Development Group Programme Group, the United Nations System Staff College and OHCHR cooperated on finalizing the inter-agency module on integrating human rights into the United Nations common country assessments and United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks.
Recognizing that the primary responsibility for establishing effective transit systems rests with landlocked and transit developing countries,
Foes gain a + 2 bonus to hIt'stunned characters.
He flew along on his bike, blaming himself resentfully.
 This would mean that the proposed allotment of compensable claims for each country that had filed a large number of claims would be broadly proportional to the total number of claims filed by that country by 1 July 1993;
States are called upon to increase resources for OHCHR as the main United Nations entity responsible for the promotion and protection of human rights.
- Collecting and compiling materials related to academic developments.
We'll come back later.
11. Knowledge management at UNIDO is being introduced in conjunction with the aforementioned three releases.
For instance, there was a separate plan for Africa with the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), and Chapter VII was devoted to the sustainable development of the small island developing States.
In the context of that discussion, the Commission recognized the expertise and the sense of accountability of the Permanent Court of Arbitration, as well as the quality of the services it rendered under the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules.
11 - 13 October 2011
(c) In light of article 39, take appropriate measures to promote the rehabilitation and social reintegration of children involved in the juvenile justice system, including adequate education and certification to facilitate their reintegration;
Article 23
For instance the Everything-But-Arms (EBA) initiative entered into effect on 5 March 2001, providing duty-free and quota-free market access to all products excluding arms.
Pricing Adjustment Mechanisn for Dedicated LPG Filling Stations - Response to the views raised by the Drivers' Concern Group
No one.They give it to me at the counter.
 16. The impression one gets is that many of the soldiers fighting for either side are reluctant to risk their lives in this struggle.
4. Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with the appropriate organs and agencies of the United Nations system, to prepare a report on the implementation of the present resolution in the light of the purposes and principles of the Charter and international law and to submit it to the General Assembly at its sixty-seventh session;
1. Subject to the usual practices in international organizations which are depositaries of treaties, a person is competent to withdraw a reservation made on behalf of a State or an international organization if:
In 1989, the parties had entered into a lease agreement containing an arbitration clause.
Santa Clara County, California is introducing a pilot project aimed at reducing the cost of supporting people with acute mental illness.
With regard to the note to the Commission at the end of subparagraph (e), she proposed inserting text in square brackets reminding the enacting State of the need to issue a rule covering the scenario in which the grantor's name changed.
Recognizing that licensing systems provide for the monitoring of imports and exports of ozonedepleting substances, prevent illegal trade and enable data collection,
Homatropine eye drop
The Conference was an important opportunity for human rights activists, academics and other civil society actors to interact and to bring both consistency and rationality to human rights advocacy.
Additional Powers: Not that they need any, but researchers now believe that some octopi are capable of walking on land on two legs, while disguising themselves as a coconut.
Each patient spent a night in a sleep laboratory to undergo a sleep study called polysomnography.
The oldest assemblage — consisting of about 500 pieces from 31 tools — bears a signature of its makers, says Marks.
He sat down to a great dish of macaroni.
These questions are available on the extranet of the UPR.
:: Ratification of ILO Convention No. 138 concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment;
III. ONSITE VISITS
The higher output resulted from the production of additional banners for a national campaign promoting the Mission's contribution to the stability in Haiti
After the completion of the system, information resources can be shared among the different divisions of People's Daily.
He had conceded the important point.
2. UNEP activities to support implementation of the Strategic Approach
As a result, Japan’s economy will become even more deeply integrated into global flows of knowledge, trade, and investment.
Office No. E-9030
The state has strengthened its publicity work concerning the basic national policy of gender equality.Officials in charge of government departments concerned and leaders of provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government) have published articles in the central and local mass media to expound the importance of gender equality for social development, and confirm women's role and contributions to the economy and all social sectors.
Criminal indictments for war crimes ought to be issued against specific officials who do not comply.
United Nations languages spoken: French
(a) Pursue various forms of cooperation and collaboration for mutual assistance, the transfer of knowledge and technology and the exchange of information, expertise and experiences;
LER0ever
A: I wonder if I will like this book.
The third is the microscopic theory and method system about to choose and make development tactics of online publishing.
He referred interested delegations to the commentary to article 11, particularly paragraph (3) and onwards, for more discussion of the exceptions.
He shuttered the business and left.
Let every reader lay as much of the royal rhetorical as he finds to his taste.
It indicates that the paleoplates extended toward SW and NE respectively and the teclonic setting is of the characteristics of the epicontinental rift of marginal oceanic basin inherited from early continental rift.
His delegation supported the draft resolution before the Committee.
updating women's skills
All the canned fruits and meats are to be packed in cartons.
They are also appointed officials.
Now why reading and not watching TV?
In that resolution, the Assembly decided that the standardized model should not in any way derogate from its legislative role in the consideration and approval of budgets.
10. The call for strategies and plans of action regarding human rights and/or water and sanitation is not new.
The draft Convention prepared by UNCITRAL met those demands and his delegation therefore supported the recommendation that the General Assembly should adopt it at its fiftieth session.
Methane (CH4)
Bahrain has acceded to the UN Convention Against Torture, which is what is considered essential and important.
Iranian officials have pledged to support the protection of religious holy sites in Karbala and Najaf.
II. Loss or deprivation of nationality
Shakes the Barley roll, a bumper harvest in sight, big people began to formation of rice field, ready to harvest the.
Mr. Livshiz (Palau): We would like to thank you, Sir, for chairing this important meeting.
As Member States, we have the legitimate right and the duty to consider in depth the Council's work and to determine if the Council is really acting on behalf of all and fulfilling, as it should, the lofty responsibilities conferred on it by the Charter.
B. By RCD forces
Those countries were working to strengthen financial stability in the region, and he described a number of measures being taken by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) to foster monetary and financial integration, partly for the purpose of creating a regional economic community.
We arrived home late.
Poland
When I speak, to sound British or American is only a secondary concern, like that touch of cream on a piece of cake or that layer of foam on a cup of coffee.
He came with several friends directly from Rector's in a carriage.
I went for a walk, and wound up on the other side of town!
 The term "neutral nations" in the Armistice Agreement is defined as nations whose combatant forces did not participate in the Korean War.
Bob's friendly personality figured into his success as a salesman.
You may find that one day those pleasant things suddenly and unexpectedly disappear.
In that connection, the Group of 77 and China endorsed the views contained in paragraph 8 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/51/7/Add.1).
The sky and the sea make up a hamornious picture.
Accession by Cyprus 4 November 1994
Every person creates his or her own reality. Authorship of your life is one of your absolute rights;
69. As stated in the Rio Declaration, standards applied by some countries may be inappropriate and of unwarranted economic and social cost to other countries, in particular, developing countries. Principle 11. See also principle 23 of the Stockholm Declaration.
In the nearby city of Homs, thousands attended the funeral of a protester killed in a previous demonstration.
To apply for a travel permit, the following procedures must be completed: (1) Submit passport or residence certificate for examination; (2) provide papers supporting the purposes of travel; (3) Fill in a travel application form.
Here after we look at the figures on women and men and the policy measures of the Balkenende IV Cabinet for improving conditions in order to increase the labour participation of women.
Weight gain during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy is going to be more steady after the first trimester.
ESCWA is executing a pilot project funded by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat on self-reliance and income-generating activities for disabled persons in Lebanon to improve their employment opportunities, based on the international strategy of community-based rehabilitation.
Uncertainty concerning the actual number of private use permits issued
These numbers are lower than the equivalent for the major areas in the developing world because the reduction in fertility in Europe and Northern America after 1950 was moderate, since fertility levels in those areas were already fairly low in the 1950s.
Finally, a redefinition of the role of DPA in post-conflict peacebuilding, as described in ST/SGB/2000/10, sect. 2.1 (a), and a clarification of the working relationship between DPA and PBSO, the newly created office of the Peacebuilding Commission, might be necessary, as requested by OIOS that saw a risk of duplication between the two.
Tel : 2563 4340
Packaging bears greatly on product sales
Sister - in - law told Hai - erh to greet me and wish me good morning.
If under “stocks” the past production of weapons—grade material is understood, then there are both political and practical reasons why a full or complete declaration of such stocks as a requirement of the FMT could be problematic in the negotiations for the treaty as well as for its subsequent implementation.
Equalization of opportunities was agreed upon and selected as the purpose for development of an internationally comparable general disability measure.
arts. 21 and 22, 2000) CRC
8. As a member of the Human Rights Council, Belgium pledges to continue to play an important role in the effective promotion and protection of human rights.
It referred to the case of the Federation of Ukrainian Trade Union, which was subject to constant pressure and faced various inspections and criminal proceedings initiated against their members.
As at 31 December 2006, the OAPR Project Services Audit Section comprised one chief, two audit specialists and one assistant.
It is worth recalling that the country had a negative annual growth rate of 8.5 per cent in 2010 because of the earthquake.
That a five-year-old boy's desire to go to the men's room rather than the women's at a restaurant will become a major dilemma. The issues of independence and gender identity will be weighed against the prospect that a child molester may be lurking in the lavatory
(a) The theme for the humanitarian affairs segment of its substantive session of 2009 would be "Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian assistance: present challenges and their impact on the future";
He was utterly repulsive to her.
Pallas's reed bunting
The baseline for a proposed afforestation or reforestation project activity under the CDM is the scenario that reasonably represents the actual net greenhouse gas removals by sinks that would have occurred in the absence of the proposed project activity [, taking into account the provision of paragraph 25 below].
The point was made that such a convention could be elaborated on the basis of the key provisions of General Assembly resolution 62/63, including the obligation of the Secretary-General to inform the State of nationality of the official or expert on mission of his or her alleged criminal misconduct.
In addition, there are Venus peaks Shunda Lee House , UnIt'sculpture, Shunda Leeji nian ting attractions.
(a) UNEP, upon request, will scale up its assistance to Governments and other public institutions at the global, regional, national and subnational levels -- taking into account their specifications and priorities -- in developing green economy policies and practices in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication and promote sustainable consumption and production.
211. Article 55, paragraph 1, of the Constitution guarantees to citizens the right of access to elected office and to be elected to any political post, if the candidate has been duly registered before the election or has submitted a valid candidacy.
France (Ministry of Agriculture)
Especially suitable for inert gas protection weld and gas cutting.
Training consultants
They must also include information on the programmes and resources specifically devoted to these purposes; that is, disaggregated data is not only necessary at the level of outcome, but likewise in measuring Government efforts, for instance, to determine whether resources have been increased to reach people living in slums.
Pepper spray
He had realized that Britain could not have peace unless she returned at least some of her former conquests.
She also requested more information on accountability and enforcement within the national programme for the advancement of women.
If anything goes wrong, I will answer for the consequences.
Investment fund is an investment method or investment system.
Thursday, 21 October
TV is not judgmental nor difficult, so people with few social skills or resources for other activities can engage in it, Robinson and UM colleague Steven Martin write in the December issue of the journal Social Indicators Research
The practices continue until the baby turns one year of age.
100. Mr. Aponte Hernández withdrew.
Michael won't countenance any deals.
Another measure could be the provision of better market access for Bulgarian goods and services.
War and economic difficulties accentuate the community's backwardness.
We should leave it up to the Chairman, the rest of the Bureau and the participants at the next session to take a decision concerning the allocation of time for that session.
The Central Election Commission has decided that the deadline for submission of certification applications is 11 June.
Reporters could not help but think of polyester industrial filament meeting two years ago, Hall atmosphere of tension.
When we left the dining-room she proposed to show me over the rest of the house; and I followed her upstairs and downstairs, admiring as I went; for all was well arranged and handsome.
She replied in a voice so low that it was no longer anything more than a barely audible breath:-- Hush!
The frequency of vortex shedding and the position of separation are affected by the incidence and Mach number.
 The governing body took note of ILO's contribution to the implementation of 47/199 and asked to be kept informed in future reports.
(d) Develop and establish positive incentives, in particular for developing countries as well as countries with economies in transition, to reduce the loss of forests, to promote reforestation, afforestation and rehabilitation of degraded forests, to implement sustainable forest management and to increase the area of protected forests;
"Stressing the importance of creating a favourable and conducive national and international environment in all fields of life for the effective integration of women in development,
28. St. Kitts and Nevis will seek to strengthen those entities responsible for the promotion of the rights of women and children, in particular, Gender Affairs and more specifically in the case of children, the Department of Probation and Child Protection Services.
3. Traffic Accidents and Elders
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs implemented the inter-office voucher application used by Headquarters in January 2008.
Information on the OHCHR contribution to this component is available in section III.A below.
G.31. The Panel of External Auditors of the United Nations, the specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) consider the adoption of IPSAS as a significant step forward to improving the quality, consistency and comparability of financial reporting within the United Nations system.
The cumulative destabilizing force of such small-scale trade is not to be underestimated, particularly in unstable regions where small arms are traded from one conflict to another.
37. The Secretary-General has described the UPR as a mechanism which has "great potential to promote and protect human rights in the darkest corners of the world".
Civilian electoral observers
Don't talk about your capabilities. Talk about your accomplishments.
2 See UNEP/CBD/ExCOP/1/3 and Corr.1, part two, annex.
Some of the discussions of the past few weeks, in our view, have made this eminently clear, and it is what we see as our common goal in this and any reform debate.
The world is likely to experience the warmest year on record in 2007, the UK's Met Office has forecast.
Under the hospitals improvement programme, tertiary level hospitals have introduced specialized services such as dialysis, cardio-vascular surgery, hip surgery and the insertion of hydrocephalus valves, as well as building up diagnostic capability (CAT scans etc.).
The nuts contain ingredients such as omega-3 fatty acids, antioxidants and phytosterols that may all reduce the risk of the disease.
28. On 14 May, threatening letters signed by a group calling itself the "Albanian National Army" and demanding that Kosovo Serbs leave were found in eight Kosovo Serb villages in the Klinë/Klina Municipality.
The admission procedures for the children of IDPs, refugees and those affected by war shall be facilitated in the various localities in the States of Darfur.
This development not only augurs well for greater synergy and coherence in the activities of the Organization; more important, it places the development agenda at centre stage in the work of the Organization.
Jin Lanshu more be called " nightly queen " , all black path elements see she did not bow salute weigh her " eldest brother " .
Since its creation, the United Nations has never slackened in the search for ways and means to assume its responsibilities.
Delegates are reminded that PaperSmart services are offered as an additional service for the sixty-eighth session of the Fourth Committee of the General Assembly.
Partnership issues should be addressed at all stages of the work of the United Nations in which they are relevant and feasible.
Accessibility Accessible through the ethics road map
29-30 June
(d) The Committee should back the Division in promoting the establishment of national consortia of all stakeholders to strengthen dialogue among governments at various levels, the private sector and civil society to promote results-oriented private-public partnership approaches in e-government development;
Jerry's just starting the job. He needs to learn the basics first.
Owing to the uncertainty of verbal interaction, interlocutors often need to negotiate with each other so as to accurately decode the communicative messages intended by the other.
These are encased in the rubber compound or may be present as an alloying element; they are shown in table 6.
Source: Decrees No. 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43 and 58 of 8, 9, 14 and 16 July 2008.
The Committee therefore recommends that the State party expand the dialogue among public entities, civil society and academia in order to clarify the understanding of equality in accordance with the Convention.
Since she had come up to London, she might as well speak her mind.
I have no doubt that the draft resolution will meet with unanimous approval, as attested by the growing list of sponsors.
I trust my prayers will not be fruitless, as I am asking for their happiness and yours, should it be at the cost of my own life.
Along with its potential to enhance developing-country access to markets, there is the obvious danger of e-commerce's emerging as a new barrier to trade by many developing countries because of the lack of the necessary infrastructure development to ensure connectivity as well as the lack of the necessary human and institutional capacity for effective participation in e-commerce transactions.
Policy decisions
It is anticipated that the Statistical Commission, on the basis of the report, will advise the Commission on the Status of Women on further actions.
Please clear through the custom, make entry in our name, and declare weight at 75 cwt, value & 1 , 000.
Then they will know that I am the Lord."'"
Other delegations supported either deleting paragraph (2) or including express language to clarify that such a provision should not permit a State to provide arguments in an arbitration in support of an investor who was a national of that State, which would go beyond the intended scope of that provision and amount to diplomatic protection.
92. The draft resolution before the Committee was not an accurate reflection of the position of Cuba and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, which would have preferred to draft certain paragraphs differently and add other highly important elements.
Total programme
At the end of the first part of the annual session of the CD in March 2007, the European Union was encouraged by the constructive, structured and substantive discussions on a high-quality level led by the coordinators during the sessions of the first nine weeks, which were brought about by the six 2007 CD Presidents' "organizational framework".
In addition, we made ourselves available to Member States that needed information or that requested the attention of the Council.
Knowledge is long, life is short.
Let's shuffle the cards first.
So the Priestly materials are found as a block in Leviticus, a large part of Numbers, and then they're scattered throughout Genesis and Exodus.
Spanish or Chinese are the most common mother tongues among non-English speakers.
M42 lens mount
Aim: to investigate the influence of jet - lag on competition performance and physiological functions in athletes.
98. Some Parties requested the secretariat to continue working on improving the PRAIS portal, ensuring its interactivity and facilitating circulation of information through it, taking into account the feedback on its features as provided by the reporting entities.
13. In accordance with the above decision, an amount of Euro312,684 was surrendered and deducted from the contributions of States Parties for 2007 and for earlier financial periods where applicable.
Although it was tempting to adjust the margin, an arithmetic or formula change was not enough.
3.1. If specifically requested by the competent authority of a Contracting State, the competent authority of the other Contracting State should provide information under article 26 in the form of depositions of witnesses and authenticated copies of unedited original documents (including books, papers, statements, records, accounts or writings), to the extent feasible.
8. Full implementation of the amnesty law, adopted in August 1997, is still pending.
Communications equipment
Ms. Burcu Keriman Erdoğdu
Item 5 of the provisional agenda
1.The tendency of Stock market is very hard predict.
II. Constitutional background
" I recognized my own handwriting and felt a chill.
4. At the 12th meeting, on 23 October 1998, the Chairman introduced a draft resolution entitled “Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan” (A/C.5/53/L.10), submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
Determined efforts were needed to achieve the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and to resume negotiations on a treaty banning the production of fissile materials for weapons purposes.
Training-of-trainers sessions for 160 personnel, including mixed units of the Integrated Command Centre and regular police and gendarmerie units, in terms of security for the elections
Onerous corroboration burdens and requirements that victims provide legal and medical evidence are likely to make proof impossible for many victims, particularly those who have become internally displaced persons.
Do not pique yourself on defeating so weak an enemy.
Thus, while little girls are getting high marks in school for remembering what the teacher has told them, little boys are learning to think in more independent ways.
Additionally, we suggest the implementation of suitable policies to induct and supervise the FDI inflow to China.
58. The human rights abuses that innocent civilians in Burundi continue to suffer are unacceptable.
The continuation and intensification of Israel's military campaign against the Palestinian people will clearly lead only to more bloodshed and to more suffering by innocent civilians, which should be avoided at all costs.
The good offices of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General will continue to be required to facilitate dialogue between all stakeholders and to support reconciliation.
In order to cope with these problems, there is a need to develop and apply adaptive technologies, including integrated water management risk alert simulation models.
1. Combined initial and second periodic report
Philosophy for Children A growing number of high schools in the United States offer some introduction-to-philosophy for college-bound students.
It has also improved coordination and cooperation among the organizations of the United Nations development system and the World Bank on the ground.
- Nearly five months into the post-disaster response in Myanmar, more than 33,000 metric tons of food has reached over 733,000 people affected by the cyclone;
The results of these studies were widely used for reorientation of intervention strategies and the development of appropriate training programmes to address identified needs and priorities.
By introducing this substance of the criminal offence, the Slovak Republic implements the international legal obligations arising from the international instruments on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, as well as other recommendations of international bodies and organisations.
That previous incident had been verified by the African Union Mission in the Sudan (AMIS).
In addition to its ongoing security responsibilities, the demands on UNOCI are likely to increase significantly as the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration process and the electoral preparations proceed.
16 September 2005a
This should remind us of our shortcomings and impel us to make efforts to stop the erosion of this Conference's mandate.
Polygamous marriage contravenes a woman's right to equality with men, and can have such serious emotional and financial consequences for her and her dependents that such marriages ought to be discouraged and prohibited.
NYCS Queens Plaza express
We will wait dinner for you.
Nonetheless, trading our life energy for money can deprive us from inner nourishment that can eventually lead our lives into a downward spiral.
A. Eradication of poverty, including social development and debt cancellation
Themodern fashion for creatingderivatives means that itis possible to gauge investors ' expectationsaboutfuture dividend growth.
Of course, you're depending on the fact that your boss's boss isn't cast in the same mould as your boss (like tends to hire like).
I listened in to the Prime Minister yesterday evening.
Many economies still suffer from economic stagnation and recession.
2-12 April 2002
Tehran's municipal authorities have assigned suitable alternative lands for cemeteries where the dead may be buried.
May the magic of love twinkle in your lives throughout the holidays and the upcoming new year.
Safety and security of humanitarian personnel and protection of United Nations personnel
Membership and attendance
*Note: In accordance with the provisions of article 2 of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to take effective measures to remedy the violations suffered by the author, including the granting of appropriate compensation, and to ensure that similar violations do not occur in the future.
1. Abdallah Khaleel Al-Zomor
Ms. Bokor-Szegó, the representative of Hungary at the 1969 Vienna Conference, explained the difference in the wording between subparagraph (a) and the subparagraph (b) proposed by her delegation as follows (see para. 148 above):
This is a complex and perverse system which needs to be phased out; but such a phase-out will need to be paid for.
12. Among the many views expressed by participants, of particular note were concerns raised about the recent deterioration in the security situation, especially increased banditry and the intermittent closure of main roads in Northern and Southern Darfur.
(h) Support humanitarian assistance
42. In France, Ireland and the United States, I discussed human rights in the context of counter-terrorism, migration and discrimination.
International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea
The message could not be opened from out Outbox folder.
In order to ensure high-quality corporate financial reporting appropriate enforcement mechanisms have been put in place.
23. The European Centre for Law and Justice noted that the Lao Constitution governed the judicial system, establishing the People's Supreme Court as the highest court, followed by the Provincial, municipal People's Court, and finally the district people's Court.
66. Within the process of decentralization, more authority was delegated to the field, and some UNIDO Representatives were given the responsibility of assuming the role of team leader of UNIDO integrated programmes at the country level, and obtained overall financial responsibility in this regard.
Hepatitis C virus genotype in Yunnan and phylogenetic tree analysis
(a) All control measures, and relevant decisions, agreed by the Parties to the Montreal Protocol and the Executive Committee including decisions agreed by the Sixteenth Meeting of the Parties and the Executive Committee at its forty-fifth meeting, in so far as the decisions will necessitate expenditure by the Multilateral Fund during the period 2006 - 2008; in addition, the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel report should include a scenario which indicates costs associated with implementation by Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the adjustment relating to methyl bromide proposed by the European Community;
B. Multi-stakeholder events on financing for development
Recent discussions related to evidence of a fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from the use of genetic resources or suggesting ways forward on biopiracy-related issues.
The City was also seeking additional solutions that would lead to community approval.
(respondent sample of family budget statistics)
By the early 1860s these wildcatters were drilling for  black gold all over western Pennsylvania.
Article 3
The Committee is also concerned at the lack of a comprehensive gender mainstreaming policy, including at the local and municipal government levels, as a central element of the State party's strategic priorities.
Chevy expects its Equinox to have best-in-class fuel economy at 30 MPG with its advanced 4-cylinder, direct injected engine.
4.12 The State party contends that the author has failed to substantiate his claim that his deportation from Canada would violate article 6.
All are invited to attend.
In going forward, the following steps have thus far been taken:
Tuesday, 30 October 2012, from 08:30 to 09:30 in Conference Room 6 (NLB); and
The costs are estimated at $1,587.8 million, including a $470.5 million increase due to phasing, construction cost escalation and redesign and $68.3 million due to increased requirements for swing space.
Why is this cartoon so popular?
9.5 The authors draw attention to the fact that a spokesperson for the Minister of Justice said in a television interview in June 2005 that "in a retroactive view" the Public Prosecutor assessed the case wrongly in failing to request that Irfan Yildirim be placed in detention.
Credentials
(b) Adopt such measures as may be necessary to permit its courts to order those who have committed offences under this Convention to pay compensation, damages or penalties to another State Party that has been harmed by such offences;
10. Mr. Nicolaas Jan Schrijver*
The secretariat would advocate the need for thematic funding to all donors.
Anna went up to her and said, "Are you okay
Water-related disasters are serious impediments to sustainable development, since they quickly destroy the gains of development.
"The Security Council stresses the importance of bringing the perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of these reprehensible acts of violence to justice, and urges all States, in accordance with their obligations under international law and resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1624 (2005), to cooperate actively with the Indian authorities in this regard.
AFRICAN GROUP OF THE THIRD COMMITTEE
The trial courts were found to be more capable of dealing with this matter by conducting the necessary comprehensive hearing of evidence to come to a decision, which would furthermore be subject to judicial review by a trial court of second instance.
(a) The letter of appointment shall state:
Under both approaches, the use of those untested means of execution has demonstrably increased the risks of such executions amounting to cruel and unusual punishment.
65. In June 2000, the University introduced a new Financial, Budgetary and Personnel Management System, which is a computerized accounting system that will be used by UNU units around the world.
[28 June 2013]
The EU also funded, during the same period, the clearance of Musengezi-Rwenya minefield by commercial deminers.
They say graduation ceremonies are a good way to celebrate success in school.
75. The Special Rapporteur recommends that all companies with relations to the settlements comparable to those of the Dexia Group and Re/Max International review their arrangements with an eye towards respect for international law and the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
Women who are diagnosed with HIV are labelled as indulging in high risk behaviour and often ostracized by families.
(iii) Cost-sharing with host countries of the UNIDO desks;
Did the law-enforcement agencies in the country use last year special investigative techniques to gather evidence?
Higher control level of QCDE (Quality/Cost/Delivery/Ecology)
14. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has developed a three-year evaluation plan and management response matrices for follow-up to its evaluations.
In particular, the rebel fondness for attacking railways and roads has made it difficult for some companies to operate.
380001–381000
Delegations are reminded that the names of their representatives, alternates and advisers to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) are to be submitted to Mr. Saijin Zhang, Secretary of the Committee (c/o Mr. John Pabon, room S-2977NN; fax 1 (212) 963-5305).
19 December 2001
(i) Addressing the needs of individual borrowers for financial literacy training, of domestic banks for technical assistance in working with informal-income borrowers, of microfinance institutions in expanding into microfinance housing lending, and of community groups in developing viable housing and infrastructure improvement projects;
14. The Committee encourages the State party to:
The black is for you to let go.
Chair: Mr. Tommo Monthe (Cameroon)
The Committee also notes that the State party has disputed other allegations made by the complainant, namely that there were insects in the cell, that the light was always on, that there was no ventilation and that he was only fed once a day.
Ere long I heard the click of the latch, and Catherine flew upstairs, breathless and wild; too excited to show gladness: indeed, by her face, you would rather have surmised an awful calamity.
Second, the most important aspect of systemic competitiveness is the interaction or connectivity among the various actors at the various levels and their collaboration in the design and implementation of policies and support institutions and programmes.
Introduction
It had signed the Geneva Declaration on the Rights of the Child in 1928 and was also a party to the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
71. Successive Governments have attached considerable importance to family matters and the State has endeavoured to create a setting in which the family can flourish freely.
Look, this is Aladdin's Fort.
187. For the response, see paragraph 184 above.
Any person caught using or carrying bean snappers or the like shall upon conviction, be fined.
The paper she began to scan attracted his attention.
A/HRC/17/G/7
Cooperation among LAC countries is paramount and best practises must be disseminated as widely as possible to benefit other parts of the region, for instance, the experience of land rehabilitation acquired in Ecuador and Chile is potentially replicable all over the region.
12 September 2001
In a few minutes they heard him ascend the ladder to his own room.
Sri Lanka has a long history of environmental protection and a tradition of sustainable development.
With respect to "financial contract," as we noted in our comments last year supporting the comments of the European Banking Federation ("EBF"), we believe that the definition should include reference to the collateral and credit support arrangements used by counter-parties to manage their counter-party credit risk in connection with the other enumerated "financial contracts."
Israel continues to welcome the opportunity to assist other likeminded Member States in promoting the implementation of SCR 1373 and other SC Resolutions pertinent to the international fight against terrorism.
Article 121 The administrative department for patent under the State Council shall formulate the guidelines for patent examination in accordance with the Patent Law and these Rules.
On an exceptional basis, only one candidate may be considered, provided that a reasoned and documented justification for such an exception is recorded and approved by the CRC prior to the selection
Since almost all information presented to the Court is classified, he is unable to contest its veracity.
Mr Lee stressed that the assignment right and inheritance of tenancies expired with the termination of the tenancy agreements.
B. Detailed findings and recommendations
And not for the world could he hurt them because of their outreaching.
"You aren't asking for enough money, " he told me.
Lingshui Li Autonomous County
3. One important characteristic of the sociodemographic system is that users can access each indicator's definition as well as other technical notes which enhance understanding and transparency.
Among its most noteworthy aspects are the provisions to strengthen and enhance capacity-building in the area of oceans and the law of the sea and those related to the establishment of the regular process for global reporting and assessment of the state of the marine environment, including socio-economic aspects.
One woman was elected to the Makira Provincial Assembly from 2006 until she lost her seat in 2012.
that old house has been broken down.
43. Lack of awareness on gender equality and women's rights and gender stereotypes still exist quite popular among the several groups of people.
Latest concluding observations
Terhaps you are an average student with average intelligence.
Competitor Royal Dutch Shell is expected to report an underlying net profit of about $8.3bn tomorrow.
"7. Requests the Secretary-General, in consultations with Member States, to take concrete measures to further strengthen the Special Unit for South-South Cooperation, so as to enable it to carry out its full responsibilities, in particular through the mobilization of resources for the advancement of South-South cooperation including through triangular cooperation;
China has long been anxious to establish a more strategic relationship with Washington unencumbered by bilateral disputes on issues like trade, missile proliferation and intellectual property rights.
 The implementation of a programme for change in a complex, multicultural organization, with offices in over 130 countries, requires strategic direction and decentralized management.
151. At its 52nd meeting, on 19 December, on the proposal of its President, the Council decided to defer consideration of the report of the Statistical Commission on its thirty-fourth session (E/2003/24) to the organizational session of the Economic and Social Council in 2004.
The representative of Kuwait had therefore been shedding only crocodile tears.
There were 87 laser printers and 57 multifunctional printers in use during the reporting period
2 Welcome to our job site.
Field defence stores
In addition to facilitating the work of UNMIK, the Kosovo Transitional Council will promote democratization and institution-building.
Early marriage especially in the rural areas and high dropout rate of girls from education.
Other examples of philanthropic contributions to the United Nations include medical product donations by pharmaceutical companies; donations through national committees to UNICEF projects and national commissions to UNESCO projects; and support for digital divide projects and humanitarian programmes by ICT companies, which in many cases has been accompanied by products and volunteer expertise as well as money.
Dominica
They had to fight a hard fight.
That at least was the gist of what I gathered from a long complex explanation.
FDLR field commanders were also in communication with Edmond Habiyambere, Liliose Habiyambere and Fulbert Habiyambere, who are all family relatives of Mr. Munyaruguru, as well with as other individuals in Norway still being identified by the Group.
from catalog access to social science fields, from special service for scientific research to every fields and personal service;
Speak politely and naturally even if you are feeling shy.
All you need is the audio cable and the music or sounds.
How do I convince him I'm worth keeping
The reference trajectory is a classic second order curve. The controller parameters have clear physical meaning and are easy to tune.
The findings of those audits were communicated to the air regions, ensuring compliance with the United Nations Headquarters Aviation Manual.
Terrorists: Prevent Counter-Terrorist force from rescuing the hostages.
Transportation and communications
Long-standing discrimination and prejudice against such groups are often used as a justification of these crimes.
The elimination of those threats requires joint, well-coordinated and effective action at all levels.
The importance of universal health coverage was noted at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (see General Assembly resolution 66/288).
It is a key and difficult point for a self-anchored suspension bridge to control the cable shape, internal force and cracking of concrete stiffening girders.
The answers and findings are expected to shape approaches to all aspects of census processes. The questions are:
28. For its consideration of this agenda item, the Commission had before it the "Report of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting on its twenty-fifth session" (TD/B/C.II/ISAR/51).
1.2 On 8 March 2013, the Special Rapporteur on new communications and interim measures, acting on behalf of the Committee, decided that the admissibility of the communication should be examined separately from its merits.
This is indeed a great pity.
37. Regional differentiations exist in Finland due to historical and other factors; these include the situations of the Aland Islands and the Saami Homeland.
Many countries explicitly expressed their gratitude to the Expert Group for addressing this important issue.
(g) To strengthen the capacity of Governments, at their request:
The other day, I was in Gap Kids, and I saw someone rifle through a pile of beautifully stacked shirts in a way that meant that they'd all have to be re-folded.
This would be effective at low cost, although it would still call for external financial assistance.
The idea that a country's mix of exports can have significant implications on its subsequent economic growth has been given more attention in economic development theories.
All of our programmes go through stringent quality assurance mechanisms.
For instance, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has expressed concern over nationality-related cases of discrimination against women allowing the transfer of nationality only by fathers who have the nationality of that State.
The Shanghai Composite rose 5.2 per cent to 2,941.12 after falling more than 18 per cent from the beginning of this month.
Holy Communion is held every second Sunday of the month for all who have accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as personal Savior.
To those thanks, I add my brother and friend President Blaise Compaoré, President of Burkina Faso, who, as mediator in the Guinean crisis, spared no effort to restore constitutional order in Guinea.
Relationship with other relevant multilateral environmental agreements
I just want to impress upon you that, even though you have completed four years of engineering, there are still many things about the subject you don't know.
He was then tied up again and secured to a column in the house.
Fiftieth session
16.59 The establishment of 10 local level posts for operating the conference complex is proposed.
The lists of issues were transmitted to the respective States parties on 28 February 2008, with a request that replies be submitted by 30 June 2009, should the State party wish to avail itself of this new procedure.
I can see it has a nice glossy cover, Lydia said
Introduction
Supplies and services
Wow, China's best automatons in action ! ---- fooj.
Failure to do so would be a breach of the norms of international relations and an interference in China's internal affairs.All countries, and especially big powers shouldering major responsibilities for world peace, are obligated to strictly abide by the guidelines laid down by the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council to restrict the proliferation of conventional weapons so as to contribute to maintaining and promoting regional peace and security.
General Assembly
Much of the world is still in the dark, groping for a glimpse of what the future direction of international relations and this Organization will be.
183. When universities and other institutions for higher education were reopened in 2002, approximately 4,000 students were admitted and registered.
Learn Chuzhou, Chuzhou site navigation from the beginning!
Objective To investigate the diagnostic significance of telomerase activity in fine-needle puncture cells (FNPC) for malignant and benign disease.
The launch is scheduled for 2012.
To figure this out, the scientists had another group of students complete the same essay - writing task.
Note by the Chair of the Expert Group on Technology Transfer
It's also a great icebreaker for meetings with new clients.
Now she wants to tackle our prejudice, she tells Christine Doyle EMMA HARDING talks so enthusiastically about her career and plans for the future that you cannot imagine her trying to kill herself.
Actual contributions for 1998-1999 amounted to $119,637,200.
Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [71 (c)]
Note by the secretariat
Zhu was also once awarded the Medal the Founder of the Republic the government.
Size of area and relinquishment
Needless to say, those factors enhance the propensity for use and have serious and adverse destabilizing ramifications.
Every two years a group of the world's greatest cellists gathers in Manchester for a week of celebration.
Report of the Executive Director
S/2000/194
(b) An examination of those commodities where dispersion is unacceptably high but happen to belong to the “core”.
This attack was recorded as an example of an "indiscriminate" attack by government armed forces and the Janjaweed on civilians and civilian objects in villages.
It is there that the proclamations of the Emperor and of the Imperial Guard to the army, brought from the Island of Elba and dictated by Napoleon himself, were printed for the first time.
(c) Conservation and Sustainable Management of Below-Ground Biodiversity (Phase 1);
The nuclear development of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is a threat to the peace and security not only of Japan, but also of East Asia and the entire international community, and represents a serious challenge to the NPT regime.
How I wish I can be an optimist, because their happiness is always more than sadness.
On learning Chinese in Russia and learn Russian in China, Medvedev said, we would like to further efforts to popularize this work.
Nevertheless, gu Ge in the portion of other country far however outclass is in the United States native land.
For example, in Cambodia, Jamaica and other Caribbean countries, El Salvador, Lao People's Democratic Republic and Mongolia, UNFPA is helping stakeholders accelerate the promotion of condom use among vulnerable and high-risk groups.
Firms with less than 2 or over 100 employees were excluded from taking part in the scheme, which was only open to firms belonging to certain sectors of activity identified on the basis of the ISTAT classification of 1991.
To a certain extent, to raise wages means increasing purchasing power.
(c) To approve the requirements for the jointly financed security budget for Vienna of $4,170,200 and the establishment effective 1 January 2010 of two posts under the jointly financed security budget for Vienna;
Therefore, all search operations automatically execute within this directory context.
In addition to activities and plans referred to in the report of the Secretary-General, other main activities were reported by the participating United Nations entities.
The only way is up! This is our goal for taking Porsche Design into a promising future.
" "Like you just said.
But it was not easy long ago.
Note by the Secretariat
In our view, such improvements must seek to ensure that all available resources that are geared towards peacebuilding in post-conflict situations are properly harnessed in the shortest possible time.
 He also attended the meeting of the ECOWAS Committee of Nine on 7 and 8 May.
The amendments should also ensure that refugee children automatically acquire Armenian citizenship when their parents do so, and that the Law on Citizenship is revised accordingly.
Had the butcher one day put down his veal chop and said, "Mrs.
General Assembly
However, Malta stands by its original reservation to article 16.
The importance of knowledge and technological development as a source of innovation was also stressed.
The charities say that another layer of counselling could cause distress by delaying access to abortions.
53. The SBSTA, at its thirty-second session, invited Parties and relevant organizations to submit their views on options to address all relevant issues, including those listed in paragraph 94 (a - i) of document FCCC/SBSTA/2010/6.
The work programme prepared by the secretariat in response to the above-mentioned mandate is contained in document FCCC/SB/1999/2.
Textbox 40: Newspaper Articles Highlighting Case Studies on Sex Workers and Trafficking
They assisted Governments in adopting and implementing comprehensive national drug control plans and, through a network of memoranda of understanding, promoted cooperation between States at the regional level, in particular cross-border cooperation.
The acute and the chronic classification categories are applied independently.
This principle was respected in almost all countries either always (34 countries) or usually (13 countries).
10. Over 248 stakeholders were consulted in case-study countries, Geneva and New York.
It will also involve the biggest and most complicated controllers ever seen.
Characters' experiences during their time back in history vary hugely.
IntroductionIt is known that the reforms in rural township hospitals are the key of rural health services reform and development in China.
E/CN.6/2000/NGO/7
She also claims that her rights under articles 2 (c), (d), (f) and 5 (a) of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women have been violated by the State party.
Expatiated the experienced action in the electrical carbon trade standard in our country.
3.2 70 per cent of surveyed field personnel are fully satisfied with information and communications technology enterprise services
16. At the invitation of the Government and Maori organizations, the Special Rapporteur visited New Zealand in November 2005.
See paragraphs 117-126 and paragraphs 137-140 of the report.
Exercises include IHL issues.
She's only three years old!;! [111 You look tired.
Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolutions 2012/18 and 2013/37, the present report outlines activities undertaken to improve crime statistics.
They may hide in the bush, move from one village to the other, or end up in the internally displaced persons camp of Kabo (central north).
*Resolution adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 16 July 2014
In fact, research reveals that unilateral corporate social responsibility norms, compared with negotiated agreements, are often more limited and precise in scope and content, resulting in very little impact.
The story of black holes is just beginning. Speculations about them. are endless.
Welcome to the website of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data (PCPD).
5. Another example of sanctions raises an important question.
And, in 1923, his call became a warning that today’s policymakers would do well to heed: “The absolutists of contract…are the real parents of revolution.”
Whoever violates laws and regulations on cultural relics protection by secretly selling or giving to foreigners his or her collection of precious cultural relics, the export of which is banned by the state
The panellist from Hewlett Packard (HP) introduced HP's Micro-Enterprise Acceleration Program, which uses open-source Internet-based information and communication technologies to strengthen the skills of micro-business owners in this field, thus contributing to job creation and skills upgrading.
This lends weight to the argument that Cameron’s veto was essentially a political move, intended to bolster his domestic support.
The average unit weight of cattle in these regions is 15 to 20 kilograms less than in other regions of the province.
I want to know what you' re going to do to remedy the situation.
The seat is being hotly contested among politicians.
The brawl in the street could be heard in the house nearby.
M. Jean De Ruyt
Convention secretariats
For example, the degree to which and the ways in which a school encourages participation in games, sports and cultural pursuits are likely to contribute to the shaping of leisure attitudes on the part of the students.
Visits to peacekeeping operations
Follow-up actions to the recommendations of the International Conference on Population and Development
Making a friend in the Native American-speaking culture.
The local rural credit cooperatives should set their foothold on serving agriculture, farmers and the rural areas, timely make loans during the farming season so as to support the local agriculture to resume production.
Jagoldai
25 June 1991
3. Recognizes that many countries still face challenges across the five focus areas, and in this regard urges UNICEF to continue to strengthen its support to these countries, in particular in developing national capacities, with a view to tackling the remaining challenges;
Moreover, of the score or so of special representatives and envoys and personal representatives and envoys of the Secretary-General in Africa, six are in Central Africa.
Excuse me , but will you give me a ride?
The probe deployment of distributed network monitor must be tradeoff between cost and coverage.
 In paragraph 36, the General Committee recommends to the General Assembly that it consider whether the rationalization of its meetings between January and August is possible to allow advance planning for delegations and the Secretariat.
The second objective of the meeting is for the Conference of the Parties to take decisions or other action on as many as possible of the following items that are or will be required to implement the Convention or to make decisions at subsequent meetings of the Conference.
Would not my absence itself be an evidence to them of my alarm, and therefore of my fatal knowledge
The motion is due to be debated at next month's conference.
Then he put his hand into pocket, and took out a phrasebook
2.2.1 Maintenance of the time required for check-in (2012/13: 89.3 per cent completed in 2 days; 2013/14: more than 98 per cent completed in 2 days and 100 per cent completed in 7 days; 2014/15: more than 98 per cent completed in 2 days and 100 per cent completed in 7 days)
He tried to expiate his crimes by giving money to the church.
Refinement of the performance measures and indicators given in the table, to take into account insights from discussions at the workshop;
There are, however, certain activities whose very purpose is to alter atmospheric conditions, namely, weather modification (weather control).
 A misunderstanding of equality would not benefit any society.
69. Accordingly, the Declaration does not attempt to bestow indigenous peoples with a set of special or new human rights, but rather provides a contextualized elaboration of general human rights principles and rights as they relate to the specific historical, cultural and social circumstances of indigenous peoples.
1. Welcome and support the launch of the Kabul Process and the holding of the International Conference on Afghanistan which took place in Kabul on 20 July 2010.
 (d) The maintenance of a flexible and active dialogue and mutual cooperation on security in all its aspects in order to guarantee the irreversible character of democracy in the region.
The last list of items of which the Security Council is seized and which have been considered by the Council at a formal meeting since 1 January 2007 is contained in document S/2010/10/Add.48.
For we are not overextending ourselves, as if we did not reach to you, for we were the first to come even as far as you in the gospel of Christ;
Okay, but dinner is on me next time.
That action is tantamount to financially strangling the Palestinian National Authority and must be reversed through the timely disbursement of all such monies.
First Secretary (a)
The action plan was to reflect a system-wide understanding of concepts, norms, standards and indicators, to be built on the lessons learned and achievements of each entity and to specify the actions required for the implementation of its six elements -- accountability, results-based management, human and financial resources, capacity development, oversight, and knowledge management -- setting out time frames and indicators, responsibilities, accountability mechanisms and resources.
At the end of the sixty-fourth session, His Excellency Ambassador Tanin was able to successfully present a negotiation text.
Hey, that's looking good.
I. Introduction
If the expansion of our waste, the industrial economy and even social stability will produce the immeasurable influence.
What about a pair of gold earrings?
One of theyoungest ran and tore off the golden star.Only look what is still on the ugly old Christmas tree!
A type of quick-opening valve whose orifice is opened and closed by a disk that pivots on a shaft in the throat of the valve.
That means industry dislocation and massive unemployment, maybe as high as fifty percent.
Jobs never allowed the opinions of others to drown out his own "inner voice" .
(7) The criterion of "fair balance" mentioned in paragraph 2 of draft article 20 also seems compatible with the approach taken by the Human Rights Committee for the purpose of assessing whether expulsion measures are in conformity with article 17 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
(g) Latent defects not discoverable by due diligence;
A full stop is used to indicate decimals.
Specific requirements included development of institutional capacities, staff training and the transfer of appropriate technologies and methodologies.
Voting on amendments
Moreover, in the complex action of acid rain and Cd, the chloroplast ultrastructure in soybean seedling was damaged.
44. The higher expenditures in September 2011 were attributable to obligations raised to cover reimbursements to troop-contributing and formed police-contributing Governments for troop and formed police personnel costs, major equipment and self-sustainment.
 "5. Welcomes the request to the Secretary-General to convene at an appropriate time, if possible in 1994, in accordance with article 8, paragraph 3, of the Convention of 10 October 1980, a review conference of the said Convention;
75. The Administration's comments on the recommendation are reflected in paragraphs 193 and 194 of the Board's report.
In 1989, the Economic and Social Council adopted the Principles on the Effective Prevention and Investigation of Extralegal, Arbitrary and Summary Executions (Council resolution 1989/65, annex), the procedures for the effective implementation of the Basic Principles on the Independence of the Judiciary (Council resolution 1989/60, annex) and the Guidelines for the Effective Implementation of the Code of Conduct for Law Enforcement Officials (resolution 1989/61, annex), all of which were subsequently endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 44/162 of 15 December 1989.
40. Ms. Simms stressed that there could be no hierarchy in the protection of human rights and that a State party to the Convention had an obligation to protect the rights of all women, including the disadvantaged and marginalized.
) 21. People always treasure the ones which havent obtained, but forget the ones which had already had.
Mr. Langari explained that in Afghanistan the main causes of violence against women were found at family, society and structural/institutional levels.
:: Establish appropriate inter-agency mechanisms at different levels
Even under favorable conditions tourists would only be able to experience real corals in reef "theme parks".
They are the product of a combination of factors, including colonialism, deteriorating economic and social conditions, and political sectors that in many cases prepare, organize and establish the conditions in which such crimes take place.
We also applaud the Secretary-General's timely decision to hold the High-level Meeting for review of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
However, if mechanical means are used, only devices designed for processing electronic scrap should be used so that the loss of precious metals, and also the emission of dusts generally, will be minimized.
It has somnolent universities, little history of individual dissent and no recent parliamentary tradition.
My left eye   started  with a tear on the inside track.
d Under the terms of General Assembly resolution 65/299, the total assessment on Member States was reduced by $1,806,800, comprising unencumbered balance and other income for the period ended 30 June 2010.
Although this painting clearly bears the stamp of genius we don't know who painted it.
Shane seemed so calm, petting the old dog for the last time, that I wondered if he understood what was going on
I had thirty men under my command.
With respect to peacekeeping, the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) and the Council of Europe collaborate closely, in particular in the field of human rights protection.
The Mission continued to make significant progress in reducing the threat and impact of landmines and explosive remnants of war.
109. In her presentation, Ms. McAlpine observed that the world had changed dramatically; the attention paid to forests had increased exponentially over the past two decades.
Objective of the Organization
Submersible pumps are at work underwater.
C. Notification of nuclear tests; Further measures in the field of disarmament for the prevention of an arms race on the seabed and the ocean floor and in the subsoil thereof; Transparency in armaments
101. Religions for Peace produced two resource guides on disarmament subjects to help religious leaders and communities to better understand the issues and take concrete actions.
A: You cant persuade me into lending you more money
Yes, you play very well.
18 October 1994
The woodpecker pecked a hole in the tree.
In addition, since its inception, the scope of the Internal Affairs Unit within the Compliance, Evaluation and Monitoring Unit has expanded, and therefore its investigative and review workload is expected to increase exponentially.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2004/25; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
She sat down suddenly at the curb.
The key additional element in the GATS is that the national treatment obligation does not apply across the board but only "In the sectors inscribed in [the WTO Member's] Schedule, and subject to any conditions and qualifications set out therein" (i.e. the member's specific commitments).
O God, You have taught me from my youth, And I still declare Your wondrous deeds.
Please and see if the tap is dripping.
8. Welcomes the progress achieved in the eradication of abduction of children by national mechanisms in certain African States, and encourages other States that have not yet done so to consider establishing such mechanisms;
Edward (Ted) Faris
Literary system is a social mechanism and a field formed in the process of literary production, circulation, and consumption and it is an important component of literary modernity.
C. Adoption of the agenda and organization of the work of the session 34
1. Republic
Concluding observations on the initial report of Turkey adopted by the Committee at its 106th session (15 October - 2 November 2012)
Tiger Woods will appear on "Larry King Live" on Friday.
As regards other gratuity-bearing contracts entered into before December 1998 and which are still in effect, the Government will make the MPF contributions for the staff in question in accordance with the MPFSO. The Government will also pay the staff in question the end-of-contract gratuity at the rate specified in the contract. Apart from these, the Government will also make the mandatory MPF contributions for the short term or part-time staff who are not employed on gratuity-bearing terms.
He looked surprised made a short run and stopped and looked over his shoulder.
The top-down hierarchical structure to a directed graph without a ring is summarized, the verification principle, certificate path development based on uncertain evidence is particularly discussed.
Foreign organizations, such as aid agencies or pharmaceutical companies, do have a role to play in boosting local innovation.
(c) Supporting national authorities to establish effective and efficient law enforcement and criminal justice systems;
29. Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) said that the Advisory Committee had begun its work on 1 September and had completed its consideration of about 10 reports, some of which pertained to other bodies.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Egypt, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
Accordingly, OHCHR is now consulting with the Office of Human Resources Management (OHRM) to develop these proposals.
This item comprises fuel, oil and lubricants, communal messing and procurement of replacement clothing, medicines, and bandages.
I don't know if the professor has already counted the name
They must carry out in-depth investigations and study, strengthen ideological and political work in light of different cases, and employ economic, administrative and legal means to handle the contradictions among the people properly, those involving their immediate interests in particular, so as to maintain stability and unity.
Being satisfied with the practice of the Commission of inviting States not members of the Commission and relevant intergovernmental and international non-governmental organizations to participate as observers in the sessions of the Commission and its working groups and to take part in the formulation of texts by the Commission, as well as with the practice of reaching decisions by consensus without a formal vote,
B:I don't know .Maybe they're really crazy.
This figure decreased to YRIs 256,580 in 2011, because of the events that affected the economy of Yemen in early 2011 and the loss of purchasing power caused by rising prices and job losses.
Ms. Tala Henry (United States of America)
Also, the Security Council should play a vital role in enforcing compliance with safeguards obligations by taking appropriate measures against non-compliance cases referred to it by IAEA.
78. The Board recognizes that UNEP needs to provide advance funding to its partners, but the Board previously identified scope for improvement in its cash management. The Board notes that limited progress has been made in this area.
Other activities
I saw the kite flapping away in the sky.
13. The issue of migration with regard to trade and development has emerged as a major challenge.
The products included a gender-responsive peacebuilding calendar, posters and pens which were produced in Arabic, English, French, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish.
It should be noted that the Georgian Government unilaterally expressed its willingness to abide by the principle of the non-use of force on 23 November 2010.
Qu é m ú sica te gusta m á s? Te gusta el jazz?
The minimization of tax liability by lawful methods.
Identical letters dated 21 January 2004 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
I rate it as one of the highlights of my career to have had the privilege of working with you.
48. In 2002, the average Malagasy family was composed of five persons.
Deal comprehensively with the debt problems of developing countries through national and international measures in order to make debt sustainable in the long term
526. IOC has been the lead agency in the United Nations system with regard to ocean science and services, especially in the sphere of global ocean observations, through its GOOS programme.
There are technologies that allow "leapfrogging" and that should be explored as part of the efforts of seeking to connect developing countries to the emerging networked knowledge-based global economy.
concerning counter-terrorism:
96. UNHCR fully adopted the International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS) in 2012, with the aim of publishing IPSAS-compliant financial statements as of 31 December 2012.
In this paper, microstructure D-shape and hexagon inner cladding ytterbium doped fiber was designed and fabricated based on requirements of high power fiber laser.
The Biblical characters are for me the closest examples of human perfection. They were unselfish, steadfast in their faith and unstinting in their help to others.
Results Subjective well-being of the judicial police showed no obvious disparity in terms of age and service year.
The first free trade agreement entered into force on 1 October 2003 with Albania.
I welcome the first meetings at the Ministerial level between the representatives of Kosovo's Provisional Institutions and of the Government of Serbia and Montenegro on decentralization and cultural issues.
China, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, United Arab Emirates.
The decision of the enforcement branch shall stand pending the decision on appeal.
As a Hungarian saying goes, "Diligent people do not wait in idleness for the coming of tomorrow. "
[5] The extraordinary results effected by dint of sheer industry and perseverance, have led many distinguished men to doubt whether the gift of genius be so exceptional an endowment as it is usually supposed to be.
Any suitable tasks may then be performed by a user or a process executing on the computing device using the commonly-identified networks in addition to or as an alternative to performing networking tasks on the individual network interfaces.
11. Encourages all stakeholders to take part in the inclusive consultation and negotiation processes within the Committee on World Food Security for the development and broader ownership of principles for responsible agricultural investment that enhances food security and nutrition, taking into account existing frameworks, such as the Principles for Responsible Agricultural Investment developed by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the World Bank;
I enclosed a brochure of our company as well as a recent press release.
Pinarayi
Health
date of expiry 19th Jan. 1981 7.documents in combined form are not acceptable  8.combined invoice is not acceptable
Thus the trial ended
The section of road immediately ahead  was blocked off by a rope barrier.
The second part of paragraph 139 authorizes the use of force as a means of implementing the concept of the responsibility to protect.
Knowledge and awareness are our first line of defense.
This may be because it had too many issues on its agenda (industrial development, air pollution, atmosphere and climate change) or because it lacked a preparatory process similar to the ad hoc working group used at the ninth session.
Low purchasing power
It does not contain any opinions, views or suggestions on the part of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), nor any judgement or determination in relation to specific claims.
My dear colleagues, ladies and gentlemen, today is 2 July 2009.
Their feelings may be easily hurt by what other people say.
(Signed) John D. Negroponte
With the progress of technology about information and integrate circuit , there is fast renovation involved in embedded application.
 An additional seven vehicles have been provided by UNPROFOR and two at no cost from United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (UNTAC).
It came about when Ahab heard these words, that he tore his clothes and put on sackcloth and fasted, and he lay in sackcloth and went about despondently.
54. The Committee invites the State party to follow the "Harmonized guidelines on reporting under the international human rights treaties, including guidelines on a common core document and treaty-specific documents", which were approved at the fifth inter-committee meeting of the human rights treaty bodies in June 2006 (see HRI/MC/2006/3 and Corr.1).
Kuwait, through the OPEC Fund, participates actively in a number of development projects in developing countries.
Pleven Province
In fact, the 2008-2009 budget could not be compared with the two previous bienniums.
Similarly, the role of vocational training centres or information technology institutions that provide the specific skills demanded by the market is pivotal.
It was just another sudden unexplained rarity of the war.
Design and implement programmes to ensure the respect for and protection of the rights of women and children, in particular the rehabilitation of women, children and families affected by conflict (Egypt);
Notice of the Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation on Several Preferential Policies in Respect of Enterprise Income Tax (No.1 [2008] of the Ministry of Finance) The finance departments (bureaus), offices of the State Administration of Taxation and local taxation bureaus of all provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government and cities under separate state planning, as well as the Finance Bureau of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, In pursuance of Article 36 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People鈥檚 Republic of China and upon approval of the State Council, you are hereby notified of the issues relating to the preferential policies on enterprise income tax: I.
I did the best I could.
This energy gives you a penetrating insight into the real true motivation of others...
14. Article 8 of the Constitution of 1 June 1959 provides that "the freedoms of opinion, expression, the press, publication, assembly and association are guaranteed and exercised under the conditions laid down by the law".
As those efforts did not yield satisfactory results, the Group of African States and the Group of Asian States introduced a draft decision on the allocation of seats on the Commission and the Tribunal (SPLOS/L.56).
The Inspectors themselves, including the Chairman of the Unit, had amassed valuable experience.
Following an appeal to the international community in 1995, the country has benefited from much-needed large-scale humanitarian relief.
Scientists are able to determine the levels of the target molecule in solution by measuring the spectral changes.
The challenges of global integration are not new, but nor can they be ignored.
Bank and offices in 5-star camp
Odom played a guest role in the guard, Bryant has been moved the small forward position.
It also notes the complainant's contention that his allegation of a risk of torture upon return to the Russian Federation was duly raised before the Supreme Court but it is not reflected in the decision.
(a) The repatriation of Rwandese refugees;
When I face a closed door I will say them and knock while the failure waits outside with fear and trepidation.
The international community is committing itself to supporting developing countries' efforts through enhanced resource flows and a more development-friendly international environment.
Building tourism supply capacities, stimulating entrepreneurship, and attracting investment and required expertise were priorities for many developing countries.
It asked about the challenges faced by the Ombudsman and requested further information about the problems of street children.
We're gonna start off with Frank Essex.
Ragh
Bantayan Island
3. The Great Jamahiriya fully supports the activities of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) by working to ensure the implementation of the resolution at the international level, notably by providing assistance and counsel whenever given the opportunity.
; [22:40.43]phone/fn/ n. ;(telephone [22:42.79]The phone is ringing.
If we put this child in the cold to die.........who will be the monsters then?She speaks the truth....
(e) Fuel requirements for fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft for an estimated consumption of 1,293,500 litres at $1.27 per litre ($1,642,700);
Or at least, you know, Try and flip it into a three-way.
Mr. Albar (Malaysia): I am grateful for the convening of this important High-level Meeting, held pursuant to resolution 60/228, and for the introductory statement made by the President.
Submission on: Discrimination based on work and descent: The Midgan/Madhiban "Outcaste" Clans of Somalia.
In this text the method of income capitalization was used to evaluate the value of the land of gas station.
1924 in sports
Double-barreled shotgun
It is expected that the United Nations system-wide programme will focus on strengthening communities' capacities to improve their living conditions.
Once we have reached the human level we do not regress back into animal forms.
Positive comments on the quality and presentation of reports, as indicated in the reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/60/790, para. 12, A/60/809, para. 13, A/60/852, para. 14, A/60/869, para. 21, A/60/888, para. 16, A/60/897, para. 20 and A/61/551, para. 5) and formal statements by 4 delegations and 2 regional groups in the Fifth Committee at the main part of the sixth session and the resumed sixth session
69 (d)
Our interlocutors, instead of working towards a constructive approach to resolve the issue, referred the case to the Security Council and derailed this issue from its legal framework.
This has been the result of recognizing that development activities need the participation of many actors on an equal footing, with the recipient country, the donor community and the provider of technical assistance perceived as partners in the same enterprise.
United Arab Emirates
172. Respect and Responsibility, the Scottish health and relationships Strategy aims, through a number of actions, to reduce the rising number of sexually transmitted infections in Scotland, including HIV.
3.2.1 Increase in the total number of reopened hospitals and medical facilities in the north and west of the country (2007/08: 567; 2008/09: 750; 2009/10: 775)
He bought a brick of cheese and a bottle of wine.
At the fifty-third session, it was composed of Mr. B, Mr. Marco Tulio Bruni Celli, Ms. Evatt and Mr. Lallah; it met at United Nations Headquarters from 13 to 17 March 1995 and elected Mr. B as its Chairperson/Rapporteur.
Burundi 17 November 1997
Meeting those challenges would enable it to validate existing strategies or to refocus initiatives in order to better align them with its goals.
My delegation would also like to register its reservations regarding references in the resolution to some understandings to which my delegation was not a party, as well as reservations regarding some agreements on which we have expressed our position in previous statements.
Lists of companies manufacturing power supplies.
Age >65
In the second place, the Committee notes that, from 11 July 2000, the petitioners had the services of an advocate in council appointed on a provisional basis to provide legal aid and that the latter did not deem it appropriate to put forward, in the Court of Cassation, any argument in support of the appeal, a fact that the petitioners do not dispute.
247. On 5 April, three Palestinian security prisoners were released from an Israeli jail.
3. The sessions are normally held at the headquarters of the Board's secretariat, in Vienna (Vienna International Centre).
4. The Preparatory Committee recalls that the Principles and Objectives for Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament agreed at the 1995 Review and Extension Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons stated that the development of nuclear-weapon-free zones should be encouraged as a matter of priority.
25. The objective would be achieved on the assumption that States comply with the resolutions of the Security Council and cooperate with the Panel of Experts and provided that the investigations of the Panel are not hindered.
(e) A right of the secured creditor to be reimbursed for reasonable expenses for the preservation of encumbered assets in its possession;
Côte d'Ivoire is unable to implement this recommendation because the domestic legal order does not allow for investigative competences to be granted to the National Committee to Combat Violence against Women and Children.
It concludes that by denying the author's brother access to the legal counsel of his choice for 13 days, and by conducting investigative acts with his participation during this period of time, including interrogating him as a person accused of very serious crimes, the State party has violated Mr. Iskandarov's rights under article 14, paragraph 3 (b) and (d), of the Covenant.
Thanks to modern irrigation, crops now grow abundantly in areas where once nothing but cacti and sagebrush could live.16
I hid behind the tree.
A total of 62 out of 526 relief and social services posts (about 12 per cent) were vacant during the reporting period.
Effective multilateral debate and cooperation in fields related to sustainable industrial development and growth.
Administrative matters of the Fund
By looking at "official resellers" listed on brand websites, 51 resellers in 19 different countries could be identified, with the actual number of seed-selling shops expected to be much larger.
If there are impurities in the air, they may be absorbed by our bodies and make us ill.
In communications, a person who is the ultimate recipient of information flowing through the system.
They raised concerns that opening up an internal justice system to non-staff would be costly and could saturate the system.
- In light of that development, the Minister of Health issued regulation No. 1636 of 2010 which provides a set of safeguard for medical personnel in performing female circumcision that shall be conducted only by the request of parents.
11-18 June 2007
For our citizenship is in heaven, from which also we eagerly wait for a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ;
During the course of those negotiations, new settlements were built, 187 altogether, inhabited by some 370,000 settlers, most of them armed.
(d) Preparing progress reports to the International Conference on Chemicals Management.
That will require a sustained effort throughout 2009 to apply the new policies and strategies in a systematic manner and to roll out the new and improved business practices.
Slovakia, ***/ 28 May 1993
WHY do honeycombs have hexagonal cells?
B. Cooperation with United Nations human rights treaty bodies and mechanisms 41 - 43 11
As a result more than 50 percent of the students studying, in secondary levels are girls; girls' enrolments in higher secondary levels have also increased significantly.
If I had seen him this anteroom, I would have told him about it.
(d) Only certain States parties have objected to it;
Given the confidentiality of the correspondence, it is proposed to staff the Unit with two Information Management Assistants (Field Service).
Kansai International Airport
Thus, today Mexico reaffirms the commitments undertaken at the Summit, which are consistent with the historical and legitimate struggle of Mexicans for freedom, sovereignty, social justice and democracy, reports on the progress made and joins in the invitation to increase the scope of social policy in an effort to face with greater chances of success the complex problems of poverty, marginalization and social inequality.
Including 274,000 kg of food and 9,300 m3 of fuel
1. In the preparation of this report, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Immigration, as coordinator of the work and in close cooperation with the other ministries concerned, called several consultation meetings with independent institutions involved in monitoring respect for human rights in Luxembourg, in particular the Advisory Commission on Human Rights, and with civil society associations and organizations engaged in promoting human rights.
Article 48 If a local government or a government department at any level, a public organization or an individual forcibly demands the People's Bank of China or its staff member to provide a loan or a guaranty in violation of the provisions in Article 29, the persons directly in charge and other persons who are directly responsible for the offense shall be subject to administrative sanctions in accordance with the law; if the case constitutes a crime, the offenders shall be investigated for criminal responsibility according to law; if losses are caused, the offenders shall be partially or wholly liable for the losses.
A resolution was achieved in September, when the High Representative intervened and appointed Vinko Dumancic as SBS Director, in line with the law.
The need for higher education and technical training that help develop life-long learning skills is thus evident.
Pressing F7 turns Caret Browsing on or off.
The example was given of uncertificated securities, the transfer of which should continue to be effected under the rules of clearing houses.
E. Minorities and Roma
It prepared its report for the universal periodic review of the Human Rights Council (conducted in October 2011 at the twelfth session of the Universal Periodic Review Working Group).
In the view of The Netherlands, it is both.
Do you like classic music?
He doesn't look like a dead fox.
If we are to go on the excursion, we must make ready the night beforehand.
But there have been many embarrassments along the way.
Action on sub-item (b) was taken at the 29th and 35th meetings, on 15 November and 11 December 2012.
Let us work hard and study well and live a happy and healthy life.
Chen Yuandao
Everyone else has gone home for the summer.
Either more money must come from some source or the family must beg for credit and suffer the old tortures of want.
17. In May and July 2010, UNHCR held separate meetings in Geneva with representatives of the Frente Polisario and Morocco to evaluate the current programmes and attempt to find a solution to the disagreement that had led to the suspension of the family visit flights, and urged them to agree to the steps necessary to inaugurate family visits by road.
He had received numerous credible allegations of ill-treatment by the police, as well as the army, to obtain confessions and information, even though the 1994 Torture Act criminalized torture.
1. At its third session (May 2009), the Preparatory Committee for the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons invited the Secretary-General to prepare for the Conference a background paper on the implementation of the resolution on the Middle East adopted by the 1995 Review and Extension Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, with a view to realizing the aims and objectives of the resolution.
For developing countries, climate change will no doubt affect the realization of the MDGs.
If the information was not received by the licensing authority, the broker would have committed an offence.
A ROUGH Our men retreated.
The receptionist at that company is gorgeous
(6) The term "income from royalties" shall mean income derived by individuals from provision of the right to use patent rights, trademark rights, copyrights, non-patented technology and other licensing rights, Income from provision of the fight to use copyrights shall not include income from author's remuneration.
I never thought such an old woman could start out of the sofa.
Specialists at the Central Engineering Research Institute (TsNIIMash) and the Software Research Centre (TsPI) under the Russian Space Agency have been collaborating with specialists from the Kaman Sciences Corporation (United States of America) in studies aimed at analysing the causes of the orbital break-up of space objects.
Agreed conclusions 2000/2
Do you need just a photocopy or a scan?
Effective urban transport and policies to facilitate telecommuting were addressed in the context of the intersessional meeting of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in 2013.
In response to these demands and to the need to develop specific policies tailored to this challenge, the federal government launched - through the Secretariat for Women's Policies and in partnership with participating ministries - the Permanent National Forum to Confront Violence against Women in Rural and Forest Areas (Fórum Nacional Permanente de Enfrentamento à Violência contra as mulheres do Campo e da Floresta).
39. Article 8 of the Constitution also provides as follows: "Educational freedom.
(b) Conversion Time
The Association Internationale de Droit Penale and the Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Penal Law set up the Committee.
Geometrical and cutting parameters for titanium cermet tool modified by nano-tin are optimized so that a foundation of practical applications of materials of titanium cermet tool modified by nano-tin is laid .
Owing to gaps across the treatment cascade, fewer than one in four people living with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa have achieved viral suppression, the clinical goal of antiretroviral therapy.
Still, planning for disaster held considerable fascination for me.
Web site of the presidency
Reaffirming also the role of the General Assembly in carrying out a thorough analysis of and approving posts and financial resources as well as human resources policies with a view to ensuring full implementation of all mandated programmes and activities and the implementation of all policies in this regard,
Implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits: follow-up to the International Conference on Financing for Development
General issues
V. Bureau
B. Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights Guyana
United Nations, its funds and programmes
(a) Globalization and interdependence (A/62/303, A/62/71-E/2007/46 and A/62/216)
Algeria
UNDP has approved some $500,000 to support the strategy.
Can you hear the signal?
For a long while he remained speechless.
Although the Group was, unfortunately, unable to meet with King Sihanouk, who had left Cambodia for medical treatment, we note that the King has expressed his strong support for putting Khmer Rouge leaders on trial and a judicial accounting of the period from 1975 to 1979.
In 1848 Hydesville, western New York, two young sisters named Maggie and Katie Fox began supposedly communicating with the ghost of a murdered peddler.
47. The Holocaust Programme published five additional papers in its series aimed at furthering study and debate among university students.
This is like smoked glass and other highly absorbent materials.
74. Uruguay applauded the acceptance of most recommendations made during the first UPR cycle and the endeavours to implement them.
(a) Approve the estimated budgetary requirements for 2001 and 2002 in the amounts of $5,147,600 and $5,358,800 respectively, as proposed by the Secretary-General;
57. As an alternative, ECE suggested that a special contingency standby fund be created, so that it could be activated in the case of imposition of sanctions by the Security Council.
In the changed security environment, the Government is facing increased pressure to allocate more funds to the security sector in the recurrent budget.
Arab Security Studies and Training Centre (Council decision 1989/165)
Work - related injuries ( accidents or injuries ) one - time payment of insurance money.
Lee Gacuiga Muthoga
On 16 July, a bomb in Hindiya reportedly killed 6 Shiite pilgrims and injured 31.
D. Other activities
National archives
1. Revised estimates - - Economic and Social Council
Click the type's shape on a class diagram.
2010-2011: 90 per cent
If nothing else, having a few recondite words at your disposal can be a great defense against the pedantry of others.
They bring you an experience of peace or make you laugh.
Banks of Mongolia
Accordingly, the Secretary-General seeks the agreement of the General Assembly to use the 100 series contract for staff members performing functions for which there is a continuing need and to continue to use the 300 series contract for the appointment of staff performing short-term functions having a duration of less than one year.
The weather forecast says tomorrow will be sunny.
Please note that each cargo is requested to be wrapped up in oil-paper and packed in a zinc-lined case.
This is particularly the case where a child is born out of wedlock, and a single mother might be reluctant to approach the authorities out of shame and the stigma attached.
 It was envisaged that joint efforts with other donors would subsequently contribute to an integrated programme of rehabilitation and reconstruction of the affected areas.
A doctrine that is not currently in good odor.
The functions and organizational structure of each secretariat are determined by the conferences of the parties or other intergovernmental meetings and funded largely by regional trust funds and/or by UNEP.
Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions: Mr. Mselle
Another Party raised the possibility of dialogue between the GEF and the Convention, whereby the GEF could seek to clarify priorities based on each subsequent round of guidance received.
Philippines
8. Underlines the importance of increased investments in infrastructure as a means of promoting agricultural development and enhancing commodity diversification and trade, and urges the international community to assist commodity-dependent developing countries and to invest in and support research and development of agricultural productivity;
7. It may be noted that the budgets for 2002 and 2003 had decreased slightly compared to the budget approved for 2001.
Effects of the United States embargo
The Dissolution of Muslim Marriage Act, 1939 provides the grounds for decree for dissolution of Muslim marriage.
Group of 77 (on agenda items 93 (b), 93 (a) and 93 (c))
Stay on the ball!
"The Security Council also takes note, with appreciation, of the recent visit of a Community of Portuguese Speaking Countries (CPLP) fact-finding mission to Guinea-Bissau.
Waitress: You crack the shell with the pliers, and use the pick to remove lobster meat from small areas.
This site database has been harmonized with that used by the action team of IAEA.
:: 130 advisory notes for briefings to and engagement with Member States and peacekeeping partners
A Bible was installed conspicuously on an end table in the living room.
Expressing its grave concern over the recruitment and use of children in conflict in the Sudan, particularly by Other Armed Groups in southern Sudan,
Rule 103 states that the elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Committee decides otherwise in an election where only one candidate is standing.
Fourthly, the Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) should continue to play its important role.
A. Mandate for the report 2 - 3 3
End government subsidies to processed food.
The cornerstones of the Electronic Records Management Programme were the electronic registry systems and the corporate file plans based on the functional classification scheme for WFP records.
Efforts to develop new software to facilitate the establishment of workplans in the field have been put on hold for the time being as a result of the current suspension of the Integrated Systems Project.
And I did finally get out of it. I got out of it by publishing poetry, curiously enough.
The MTDF 2005-10 proposes construction of new housing units in a manner that by 2010 entire incremental housing needs to be met by creating effective demand for the housing sector through provision of credit facilities, particularly micro-credit to low income groups and incentives as enacted in the PRSP.
These included political refugees (whose status in Latin America was governed by the 1954 Caracas Convention), asylum-seekers and refugees (regulated by the Convention relating to the Status of refugees of 1951 and its 1967 protocol), migrant workers (whose rights were protected by the 1990 International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families), and stateless persons (covered by the 1954 and 1961 Conventions).
Liberian trainers conduct almost all of the basic training under the supervision of UNMIL trainers and are also increasingly capable of managing the Academy, although its operations are still heavily dependent on the Mission.
But birds with small brains for their size seem to be declining because they are stuck in their ways.
Three hundred million years ago, a flying insect skidded to a landing on a muddy patch of earth and preserved a 3.5-centimeter-long imprint for eternity.
Eight of these agreements containing provisions on career advice specify a budget for this particular purpose.
(d) Approves the revised Annual Programme Budget for the year 2006 amounting to $1,136,797,000 (which includes the United Nations Regular Budget contribution of $32,873,500), which with the provisions for Junior Professional Officers of $10.0 million as well as the needs under Supplementary Programmes in 2006 of $288,007,800, bring total requirements in 2006 to $1,434,804,800 (Table I.3);
32. Currently, the African Union is facing serious financial, logistical and other constraints in deploying troops which would join the two Ugandan battalions already in the Somali capital.
Continue pressing and releasing until you get to your knee, then switch legs.
According to an annual study by Tillinghast-Towers Perrin, Bermuda continues to lead the world in attracting new captive insurance formations.
Actual
Viet Nam made recommendations.
Prevention of armed conflict
While precise estimates, including of future displacement, are not available, internal displacement, including secondary displacements, connected to the global trend of largely unplanned rapid urbanization, stands out as an issue meriting much more attention and data collection.
Thus at the 2009 parliamentary elections 10 out of 31 regional and section election commissions have been chaired by a woman.
Earlier this month, a two-year-old girl, Shaiunna Hare, was strangled to death in her bedroom near Orlando by a python belonging to her mother's boyfriend.
On 6 October, after a private meeting held with troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG), in consultations of the whole the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Georgia, Jean Arnault, presented the latest report of the Secretary-General on the situation in Abkhazia, Georgia (S/2006/771).
Such a chance half-hour with an old friend must not have anything more attached to it than it really warranted.
Agenda item 17 (f)
She welcomed the efforts of the Fund's secretariat and the Investment Management Division to improve the Fund's sustainability, as well as the continued growth of the Fund and the strong performance indicated by the 15.5 per cent overall return on investments.
You can learn that only in the school of hard knocks.
Fundamental Contents of Human Rights for Education (1995).
[Keshla Station, Baku]
As you consider whether your organization is truly agile or just talks about agility keep yourself open to the becoming the embodiment of agility.
By "institutional innovation", I mean creative policy and infrastructure approaches.
2. Paragraph 10, line 1
In India and Indonesia, growth in rural services was estimated to have contributed at least as much as growth in agriculture towards reducing poverty.
And then, who should find it, but you... the very person I was most anxious to meet.
(c) Improve access to health care and psychosocial care for children orphaned by AIDS and those who are HIV-positive;
The U.S. Department of Agriculture is still assessing the economic impact of the flooding
34. At the ___ meeting, on 25 May 2012, [to be completed].
An agreement was adopted on the second-phase actions for the implementation of the Joint Statement that specifies the disablement of the core North Korean nuclear facilities at Yongbyon and a complete and correct declaration of all nuclear programmes of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea by the end of this year.
2. Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretaria officials
3. For many developing countries, existing public administration capacities seem inadequate to mainstream poverty reduction within a macroeconomic policy framework.
 6. The Centre will also produce audio and video materials on human rights.
The Acting President: The Assembly will now hear an address by the President of the Republic of Croatia.
Several empirical studies had confirmed the positive correlation between efficient ISS and competitiveness, and higher income levels.
Is the general plan for the last specials to be broadcast around Christmastime?
E/2014/CRP.1
We should deepen the reform of the fiscal, taxation, banking, investment and financing systems.
64. The following recommendations formulated during the interactive dialogue have been examined by and enjoy the support of Sao Tome and Principe:
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
3. This hybrid approach provides the requisite flexibility and ensures that sufficient on-site support is available to uniformed and civilian personnel in missions, particularly in the light of troop and police rotations and a high turnover rate among staff.
Indicators of progress
He said four camcorders had recorded the ignition process and firework display.
Size and shape: a triangle or square no smaller than 28 centimetres (11 inches) by 20 centimetres (7.9 inches) for a triangle, and 15 centimetres (6 inches) per side for a square;
(a) United Nations;
Cities and towns in Tuva
A new legal framework was adopted in 2012 to better integrate bilateral and multilateral surveillance, and greater emphasis is being placed on risks, cross-border and cross-sectoral linkages, spillover effects of economic policies in the world's largest economies, as well as the linkages between the financial sector and the real economy.
Objective To investigate the clinical and epidemiology features in children with eperythrozoonsis.
Inflation was expected to ease by 2.0% for 2010.
Viet Nam is fully aware that the implementation of the Declaration and Plan of Action of the World Summit for Children and of the Convention on the Rights of the Child constitutes for us a great and onerous task; today as in the past, the difficulties Viet Nam faces are those of a poor country affected by economic underdevelopment and unending economic disasters.
In opening remarks, you need to come out strong.
The brief history of this Organization is testament to that.
Why do you think that any of the gulls in your old time would listen to you now
217. Dialogue with the Al-Houthi armed group on grave violations against children and the development of an action plan to end recruitment and use was not possible during the reporting period.
Present export controls regulations concerning dual-use goods in Poland are based on the European Council Regulation No. 1334/2000, updated by the Regulation No. 1504/2004 of 19 July 2004 (update of control list).
The incompatibility between democracy and racism: report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights submitted in accordance with Commission resolution 2002/39
(c) Evaluate the performance of key controls identified to ensure that they all operated effectively during the period under review.
C. Outreach and coordination
We believe, therefore, that bringing about its demise will not be an easy task and that much vigilance is required.
as your hours doand dry like to the summer's rain or as the pearls of morning's dew ne'er to be found again
1.11 EC notes that the University Grants Committee (UGC) has completed a review on tertiary education and published a report in November 1996.
The hare was once boasting of his speed before the other animals."I have never been beaten," he said, "when I run at full speed, no one is faster than me.
Enterprise group,based on high socialization of production and considerable development of market economy,is one of the forms of expression for production centralizing and capital gathering.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) has initiated a broader dialogue with the Government of Myanmar and undertook a mission in June 2012 to explore the possible scope of technical assistance and the appropriate modalities, in order to step up its engagement with Myanmar on the basis of a more structured and long-term cooperation.
The Commission noted that those agencies no longer considered the issue to be of concern, particularly in view of the rather minimal impact of square-root weighting on overall margin results.
In some backward countries, complete centralization of power leads to an omnipotent state.
Youll feel more confident and relaxed, and improved organ function will mean more nutrients and energy are available to nourish your brain.
3. Aware of the magnitude of the problem, they agree that it calls for concerted and more effective international action.
Are These the Best Years of Your Life?
This has been discussed under common core document under the section of framework within which human rights are promoted at the national level relative to raising awareness among public officials and other professionals.
In fact, the absence of strategic management of ICT investments and operations has largely contributed to the situation of gaps and deficiencies reported in the report of the Secretary-General on investing in information and communications technology (A/60/846/Add.1).
(1.2.1) 1 comprehensive enterprise-wide risk assessment to be conducted in 2011
17. The advances already achieved notwithstanding, the executive heads remain committed to seeking further improvements that could serve to enhance relevance and effectiveness in the activities, structures and methods of work of the ACC machinery, and in the overall management of the United Nations system.
Sierra Leone
He says both want to see a cease - fire , disengagement and respect for Georgia's territorial integrity.
As a result, the likelihood of another disaster on the scale of Fukushima has been reduced.
Don't let such a small matter divide us.
The Libera's educational project involves thousands of students every year in activities aimed at raising the awareness that living in an environment where legality pervades every aspect of their lives is worthwhile and by far the best choice.
Forgive me, I was forgetting that my grief must mean little to you, and that I trespass upon your patience with a matter which neither can nor should concern you in the slightest
Cheating at sports has become more common over the past 10 years according to 48% of those surveyed.
Rogge's eight-year term in office comes to an end in 2009
Last month, the Dalai Lama met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
For help with topics not covered by swissworld follow the links here.
Lisa doesn't seem to get on nicely with her boss these days.
On Monday, the U.N.'s Food and Agricultural Organization announced it was distributing seeds and tools to thousands of Haitian farmers.
Waidhofen an der Thaya District
 Bolivia invokes the right of all peoples of the world to international justice and security.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Transparency in armaments" (under agenda item 96 (w)) (convened by the delegation of the Netherlands)
On 27 July, a grenade was thrown at the Canadian Ambassador's residence and, on 11 August, a Molotov cocktail was tossed at the home of a European Union official.
The converse is also true: whenever you have a choice between two things that are equally possible, then the things are relative.
In its efforts to support the strengthening of the corrections system, UNAMID trained a total of 146 newly recruited prison officers in basic prison duties, riot control, documentation and record-keeping.
100.(b) To Aauthorize the Executive Secretary to draw upon surplus funds from prior bienniaums to fund the shortfalls that have arisen as a result of the appreciation of the EUR vsEuro vs. the USDUS$ dollar during the current biennium, up to an amount of US$D 1.,500.,000.;
159. The rapid economic growth continued in the year 2007 at a similar pace to that of 2006 - this despite a clear slowdown in many leading world economies towards the end of the year.
Ichabod turned back to see whether the headless horseman stopped or not
Application for Cancellation of NLS Loan [NLS114(Rev.2009)]
The Eighteen Arhat Skills is one of the first elementary boxing series in Shaolin Kungfu.
Sillian
These guidelines are to increase women's representation in corporate management positions.
From 2002 to 2008, we provided more than $1 billion annually for global biodiversity.
Water is one of the most important factors to restrict the geographical distribution of plant and to influence introduction of tree.
59. The dependency of Tristan da Cunha39 is composed of four islands: the main island, Tristan da Cunha; Gough; Inaccessible; and Nightingale.
leaving him lying severely injured in the middle of the road.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
The Council sought to improve the Consolidated List by encouraging States to add further identifiers and submit new names, and it wanted to know what States had done to implement and enforce the measures.
The model gives Doppler spectra at different combinations of linear polarization of transmitting and receiving waves.
Common changes to all tables
Noting the difficult economic and financial situation of Djibouti resulting in part from the number of priority development projects that have had to be suspended in view of serious developments in the international situation and in part from the prolonged effects of the previous regional conflicts, notably in Somalia, which have disrupted services, transport and trade and which are draining the State of most of its revenues,
6. Explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) means, in the context of force EOD, the detection, identification, onsite evaluation, rendering safe, recovery and final disposal of unexploded ammunition.
I differ with you on that point.
It has exacerbated pre-existing levels of poverty and unemployment driven by a decade-long drought in rural agricultural areas, which led to the displacement of farmers to cities, and growing resentment against those who were, or appeared to be, enjoying the economic benefits distributed by the Government.
Full - time translator can guarantee translation quality. Confidence springs from strength.
(iii) Places of worship and cemeteries
Not that Americans have much time for leisure.
This policy is based on long-term planning aimed at meeting the growing energy needs of the country.
The futures industry has once fallen into the most lonely low ebb.
The National Working Committee on Children and Women (NWCCW) under the State Council, the coordination and consultation organ of the Chinese government in charge of women and children's work, plays an important role in coordinating and promoting relevant government departments to do women and children's work well, as well as in formulating and organizing the implementation of the outlines for the development of women and children, providing necessary human, financial and material resources to the work on women and children and to the development of women and children's cause, and guiding, encouraging and supervising the work of its subordinates in all provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government.
[2] The Transit interarme[pic]es is the customs agency of the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of the Interior, and, as such, automatically registers all imports of weapons, ammunition, equipmemées is the customs agency of the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of the Interior, and, as such, automatically registers all imports of weapons, ammunition, equipment, vehicles and supplies for the armed and security forces.
It is therefore a world parliament of sorts, and should be the supreme legislative body to which all States submit.
GA res. 58/253, para. 21
Fully unemployed as on 1.1. 2000 9 million
The 2005 HIV and syphilis sentinel survey was conducted from August 29 to November 26, 2005.
The secretariat forwarded Iraq's communication and the attached documents to Strabag and asked Strabag to comment upon Iraq's assertions as well as the effect of the additional documents.
V. Several Questions Involving Adherence to the One-China Principle in the International CommunityThe Chinese Government has expressed its appreciation to the international community for widely pursuing a one-China policy.
It is now up to us to put the broken pieces back together by giving the highest priority to collective well-being.
Concerned about the potential for unfettered growth in the production, consumption and use of alternatives with high global-warming potential as a result of the phase-out of ozone-depleting substances, particularly HCFCs,
Contravention of the relevant provisions of the Official Secrets Act are punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to fourteen years.
Common staff costs have been estimated at 71 per cent of net salaries (including post adjustment) for international staff.
UNOV United Nations Office at Vienna
Analysis of barriers and options in order to make progress on these issues would take place, accompanied by continual monitoring and evaluation.
37. Chapter II of the Constitution expressly stipulates that everyone is entitled to the rights and freedoms contained therein without discrimination of any kind.
Automobile industry officials say they worry that filing for bankruptcy would drive away customers
My false teeth are stuck to it!466.
The foundation for true peace lies in the vision of two States, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace and security.
The educational level of Dutch residents has increased across the board, but among women this increase has happened much faster than among men.
Environmental Impact AssessmentEnvironmental impact assessment (EIA) is a legal measure to curb environmental pollution and ecological destruction at the source.
There are some bags there. Now the station is clean and tidy!
107. The increase of $160,000 is due mainly to improvement of the service levels in the Peacekeeping Accounts Section in order to prevent backlogs.
"16. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its seventieth session, through the Commission for Social Development and the Economic and Social Council, on the implementation of the present resolution and on the celebration of the twentieth anniversary of the International Year of the Family in 2014 at all levels;
They form a sufficient critical mass, and have sufficient infrastructure undertaking R&D in science and technology.
We have carefully listened to your introduction of working paper CD/WP.559 circulated on 9 March.
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
Impact of the global economic crises on civil society organizations
The school has 30 per cent of its intake from Asia, which Prof Fatas expects to increase.
Some delegations expressed the view that the consideration of all issues affecting the peaceful uses of outer space, including militarization, was within the purview of the Committee.
So far as I know, Chinese mechanical equipments were used in the rescue efforts, and relevant Chinese companies sent assistant personnel to Chile.
(d) Welcoming the initiatives regarding the establishment of a zone free of all weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons, in the Middle East and earlier initiatives regarding arms control in the region,
Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Saint
The geographical distribution of FDI inflows to developing countries is still highly skewed and the flows of private capital flows are still concentrated in a small number of countries.
Kimchi soup out of a lot of meat, miso soup and beef soup than the cost, the confidence just bought the wrong wrong it did not sell.
There's a call coming from inside the building.
12. The gender `Institute@', co-managed by UNDP and the Smithsonian Institution, has trained over 600 participants on the role of men in gender equality and women's empowerment.
I'm never gonna let go, brother.
 The Acting President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 6 of Part II of its report (A/50/827/Add.1).
(a) Non-recognition of the diversity of ethnic, racial, religious and other identities within States in the region by national Governments;
In addition, a separate inventory is maintained for special items with a unit value of Euro600 or more and amounted to Euro2.6 million at 31 December 2008.
1.3 Strengthened cooperation between police and the criminal justice system
FEMVision representative spoke on the importance of empowering women's associations to work with international organisations for the advancement of women.
Special, 2003
H. Hosting arrangements
5 October 1990
182. In some cases, homeworkers own their own tools, while in others the employer provides the tools on loan or on a hire-purchase basis.
There are no alternatives.
He tends to repeat what he said in the past.
The United States Government also used and continues to use brute force to perpetuate the imposition of its illegal and illegitimate decision on Iraq, despite the fact that it has received no authorization for that purpose from the Security Council.
Mr. Jin appeared to get a good telling - off.
) Peru Finds Headless Mummy Predating Incas in Lima Archeologists have uncovered the remains of the oldest mummy ever found in Peru's capital, Lima -- a high-ranking official of the Huari tribe who lived about 1,300 years ago, researchers said on Wednesday
By contrast, secular liberal parties have yet to develop effective organizations or project compelling visions for the future.
Protection Programme
It makes me feel a lot stronger About getting to bryant park, Which is what the end goal is here.
This was a consequence of the inherent inequality of globalization, the insufficiency of jobs worldwide, the financialization of economic activity and the pro-rich trajectory of innovation.
The GDP growth of Iraq continued to be led by crude oil production, oil sector-related activities in the south of the country, and a consistent economic expansion in the region of the Kurdish Regional Government.
The delivery of the programme of work will be designed so that the extension of normative and analytical activities can have outcome linkages with operational activities with the region's stakeholders.
Those bad companions will sooner or later make you lose your love for study. Someday they will lead you astray.
27. Mr. Murillo Martinez was asked a question on equality and non-discrimination.
13.3.2 Swaziland has no laws specifically governing access to credit for women but there have been numerous initiatives undertaken towards that including establishment of FINCORP, Imbita Women's Finance Trust, savings and credit co-operatives, micro-lenders and banks like the Swaziland Building Society, Swaziland development bank that have provided the opportunity for women to access credit.
A total amount of $132,800 per biennium will be required to implement the activities, as follows:
Heart diseases Malignant tumours
Proposed 2010/11 Components
Switzerlandk United Kingdoml
(Other girls also appear at the door)  M: Oh, no Look.
Under the overall framework of this collaboration, UN-Habitat initiated in 2008 a number of projects in Bolivia and Mexico.
Q14.How can I update my mailing address or other personal information?
According to a statement from the managing director of BW Marketing that was attached to the agreement, contractual ties were broken because the author's membership in Soka Gakkai France, which is listed as a cult in the report of the parliamentary enquiry, could cause "definite harm" to his company's business.
Mobilization of non-governmental organizations to participate in the work of the Council
These affirmative action measures did not stand up to the strict scrutiny test.
Estimated 2008 programme assistance: $25.5 million
In February, the European Union conducted an assessment mission to prepare for a possible large-scale observation mission.
This play is good ( dramatic witty ).
Metaviridae
- China has always stood for the comprehensive prohibition and thorough destruction of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and opposed any forms of proliferation of WMD and their delivery systems.
Losses and gains on exchange arising from the payment of voluntary contributions from Governments shall be recorded as a debit or credit to such contributions.
I say hello to my friend Fengfeng.
The Special Rapporteur's close cooperation with her colleagues within the thematic and countryspecific procedures, the human rights treaty bodies, and international organizations which are addressing specific denials and violations of the right to education especially UNESCO and ILO have facilitated the development of common approaches and avoidance of duplication.
This is a Danish sausage.
May this parable help us to be silent, still, and longsuffering.
Together with our constant call for peace with our neighbours, we have not spared any effort to seek, whether through direct or indirect contacts, a partner in this effort.
Great. STEVEN: Can you sing, Jeff
It also called for the adoption of a common African position on the development agenda beyond 2015 to ensure that Africa's priorities would be better reflected.
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
Afore - mentioned all mistakes can generalize with 4 words: Indecisive.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Disarmament Commission the annual report of the Conference on Disarmament, together with all the official records of the sixty-second session of the General Assembly relating to disarmament matters, and to render all assistance that the Commission may require for implementing the present resolution;
50. The Authority being a small organization with a staff that is composed largely of specialists, one of the problems that it has encountered is that it is very difficult to offer any scope for promotion or career progression.
In his country’s system, provisional relief was only available if the applicant met stringent tests, i.e. if there would otherwise be irreparable harm to the applicant.
Measures taken at the intergovernmental level
We'll take care of it for you. We got you covered.
Nuclear energy provides great capacity and potential for ensuring a reliable and clean energy supply.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
(resolution 68/139) Adopted
8. Invites all States to support, through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund, the operational activities of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, including for the provision of technical assistance for the implementation of the commitments entered into at the Tenth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, including the measures outlined in the plans of action for the implementation of the Vienna Declaration on Crime and Justice: Meeting the Challenges of the Twenty-first Century annexed to resolution 56/261;
Flats with common entrance and communal facilities such as bathroom, kitchen and entrance
Brunei Darussalam therefore condemns this attack.
B:Don't lose heart. Everything will be fine tomorrow.
(a) Members: Persons representing Member States of the United Nations;
11.11. Greater public knowledge, understanding and commitment at all levels, from the individual to the international, are vital to the achievement of the goals and objectives of the present Programme of Action.
If we die tomorrow, the company that we are working for could easily replace us in a matter of days.
Vikings
Current legislation does not provide any guarantees that State agencies will refrain from committing acts of discrimination.
It'seems something is amiss.
335. Mineral sands may contain small percentages of gold, platinum, precious gemstones or tin- or titanium-bearing minerals derived from the breakdown of continental rocks by weathering.
Next semester I'll bring a computer has, but I do not know how to configure and install computer and purchasing system, I can find you help?
If you're going that way, I'll be glad to give you a ride.
The Council's attention is drawn to General Assembly resolution 52/12 B, by which the Assembly decided to create a humanitarian affairs segment of the Council.
New efforts have to be undertaken to internalize the multiple dimensions and costs of globalization.
If you're still having difficulty drifting off, repeat this routine to relax and unwind your body and mind.
The EU agreed that UNIDO would have to establish clear priorities, streamline its business practice and raise staff productivity to cope with the growing number of requests for programming support from the field.
A. Recent review of the HIPC initiative 7 - 15 6
Mr Cheung Chin-hung, Principal Immigration Officer
In these capacities, he was influential in instituting governance reforms in China, peacebuilding in the southern Philippines and the creation of a network of policy analysis among the parliaments of countries in the Asian region.
Let's face it, although we would all like to live till we are 70 years old, that's certainly not always the case.
22. The unspent balance was mainly attributable to reduced requirements for (a) supplies, owing to the decrease in the number of level-I clinics from 3 to 2 in connection with the repatriation of one contingent; (b) medical services, owing to more favourable charges by an alternative local medical facility; and (c) the acquisition of medical equipment, owing to the transfer of medical equipment from the United Nations Mission in Nepal.
12. Welcomes the continuing trend of declining financial exposure in audits for projects executed by non-governmental organizations and/or national governments, and, in this regard, urges UNDP to sustain its efforts, as well as to ensure the timely submission of audit reports;
The State party should amend, as a matter of priority, the relevant provisions of the Criminal Code, particularly articles 201 bis and 425, in order to legally define torture in accordance with article 1 of the Convention, and criminalize it in accordance with article 4, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
The Romans named the planet after the Roman god Jupiter (also called Jove).
Their engagements at Rosings were as frequent during the last week of her stay as they had been at first
124. The fighting and the voluntary or forced displacements of the rebel groups are causing constant displacements of populations held hostage.
46. In northern Uganda, the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) continues to use children to fight and as sexual slaves.
Whether the rehabilitation of buildings in the proposed project area is a practicable and viable option.
The innovation principle does not set out to support innovation regardless of its impact on health or the environment.
do we have to establish the letter of credit
The technical secretariat would benefit from the management and technical support of UNCDF staff who are specialized in the areas to be covered by the world solidarity fund, such as poverty reduction through small-scale, community-level investments in socio-economic infrastructure and income-generating activities.
Yet who would not feel now?Oh'twere as reckless a task to endeavor to annihilate perception while sense existed, as to blunt the sixth sense to such impressions as these! …
11. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 53/242 of 28 July 1999, the Governing Council constitutes an annual ministerial-level global environmental forum to review important and emerging policy issues in the field of the environment.
Norway
Noting resolution 1 on development needs and resolution 7 on the implementation of national spatial data infrastructure in the Americas adopted at the seventh United Nations Regional Cartographic Conference for the Americas,
Report submitted by Mr. Fantu Cheru, independent expert on the effects
The radioactivity in field of view, reconstruction algorithm and the position in the field of view can influence the dual-head coincidence imaging system resolution.
In this context, counsel states that the tax can only be paid in France.
A guy in my squad Got his stomach blasted open in a fire fight.
Fourthly, the report depicts acts of legitimate resistance by the Palestinian people as terrorist acts.
The Acting President (spoke in Arabic): On behalf of the General Assembly, I wish to thank the Chair of the Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization and President of the Palestinian Authority for the statement he has just made.
In some successful developing countries, where this sector has been largely controlled or dominated by the public sector, privatization and deregulation have been introduced to facilitate the mobilization of the sizeable investment required.
Coordinating lead authors To assume overall responsibility for coordinating major sections and/or chapters of an assessment report.
Meanwhile, the proportion of successful placements rose from 8.6 per cent in 1995 to 20.3 per cent in 1998.
(1) The Human Rights Committee considered the third periodic report of Zambia (CCPR/C/ZMB/3) at its 2454th and 2455th meetings, held on 9 and 10 July 2007 (CCPR/C/SR.2454 and 2455). At its 2471st meeting, held on 20 July 2007 (CCPR/C/SR.2471), it adopted the following concluding observations.
According to the laws of the Republic of Lithuania persons are held criminally liable for living off the proceeds of prostitution of other people or involving other persons to engage in prostitution, while engaging in prostitution incurs administrative sanctions.
Getting a growth forecast wrong to the tune of almost 3 percentage points in some years – and this for ageing industrial economies such as Italy or Germany – is almost unbelievable.
Delegations are reminded that, in accordance with the practice at recent sessions of the General Assembly, a voluntary 15-minute time limit should be observed during the general debate.
(d) Quarantine and pre-shipment use of methyl bromide (decisions XXIV/15, paragraph 1; XXIII/5, paragraph 6)
The more than 400 participants included representatives of Governments, numerous representatives of minority communities from all regions of the world, treaty bodies, special procedures, United Nations specialized agencies, regional intergovernmental bodies, national human rights institutions and civil society.
He claims that when in July 2000 an investigator from the Volzhskaya Prosecutor's Office of Samara region, Mr. Vasyaev, formally presented him with the evidence against him (the so-called process of "familiarization with the criminal case"), this occurred in the absence of his first lawyer, Ms. Gordeeva.
New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support
Acknowledgment of this basic lesson focuses attention on the central importance of capacity-building at the national level.
A/60/L.26/Add.1 Item 120 - - Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit - - 173-Power draft resolution - - Enhancing capacity-building in global public health [A C E F R S]
What is even more pitiable is that a mange dog won't accept help, even when we mean well.
53. Decimal points: In 2006, the Secretariat brought to the attention of the Implementation Committee the issue of treatment of data in respect of very small (de minimis) quantities of ozone-depleting substances, relative to compliance with the Montreal Protocol.
8. In order to facilitate discussions, the UNCTAD secretariat has prepared a background note to assist participants in the deliberations at the session (TD/B/C.I/MEM.1/5).
I live on campus now but I plan to move to an apartment off-campus in six months .
In the globalized international environment, inclusive growth in developing countries also requires open, fair and development-friendly trade systems and access to technology.
I just went over and licked the back of her head.
Under the 1971 Convention, the Commission may decide that a substance will be added to a schedule, transferred from one schedule to another or removed from any of the schedules, on the basis of the results of the WHO assessment.
Convinced of the importance of coherence in policy formulation and coordination between WTO, the Bretton Woods institutions and the United Nations system, Norway welcomed the proposal that the United Nations should prepare a report on policy coherence at both the national and international levels, and supported efforts to enhance the voice and participation of developing countries in the financial institutions.
(d) Information-gathering and the establishment and development of databases of scientific and technical information with a view to obtaining a better understanding of the deep ocean environment;
Taking these factors into consideration, the Panel has developed an estimate of the value of Iran's losses based on the prices of fodder during the relevant periods of loss.
The Fifth Committee had considered the issue of the funding of perennial activities at the fifty-third session of the General Assembly.
This claimed amount consisted of KAC's estimated interest income foregone in applying its cash reserves to a portion of the aircraft purchase price and KAC's estimated interest costs incurred to finance the remaining portion of the aircraft purchase price through commercial borrowings, less the sale proceeds of KAC's remaining Boeing 767 aircraft.
Annex I
35. It is submitted that the issue requires further consideration.
Since 2000, Customs have had to report all cases of child pornographic products found at customs to the police, whether or not they come under the above-mentioned clause.
While vigorously developing socialist economy, social cultural and ideological progress must be put in an important position, providing the modernization program with a powerful ideological driving force and strong intellectual support.
m glad/pleased to know/see/know you.
Cellular subscribers per 100 inhabitants
It was thought that a more careful consideration of the Belarus proposal could be an important step towards freeing another important region from the threat of nuclear weapons.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (Assembly resolution 48/141)
For action [E/2012/6-E/ICEF/2012/3]; for information [E/ICEF/2012/4]
(b) Providing technical support to countries to carry out the assessment of the national statistical systems for agriculture.
3.4 Strengthen collaboration with the governance practice in areas related to the governance of environmental resources, such as land tenure, resource ownership and water resource management.
He's heading somewhere else.
232. The Working Group sent two cases under its urgent action procedure to the Government.
Section 19
I'm telling them everything that comes to mind, everything that was bottled up inside me and which Mrs. Wren's loose laugh has somehow released
17. Acknowledges the need to analyse the impact of certain forms of temporary migration, circular migration and return migration on the development of countries of origin, transit and destination, as well as on migrants themselves;
VI. Conclusion
This is a rare occurrence as our climate seldom goes to extremes.
In Addis Ababa in October 1997, the Division for the Advancement of Women, UNICEF, UNFPA and ECA jointly organized an expert group meeting on adolescent girls and their rights.
The episodes of "ethnic cleansing" committed throughout the history of humanity were intended to harm both the racial, religious and cultural identity of a group or people, at times its very physical existence.
In this tense climate, the legitimate demands of the non-nuclear-weapon States take on greater importance, as they call for multilateral forums such as this to consolidate security guarantees through the negotiation of a treaty or protocol on the non-use or threat of use of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States.
We could win the war against hunger, end conflicts, stop communicable diseases, provide clean drinking water, improve education and halt climate change.
81. Member States have undertaken a range of actions to implement the strategic objectives at the national level.
:: Assess how the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire and the Monitoring Committee are helping to move all parties towards full implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and credible and transparent elections in 2005
2.12 On 24 March 2003, the Constitutional Court rejected her amparo appeal for lack of constitutional content.
69. With respect to violence against women, Thailand had amended its penal code to criminalize wider categories of sexual violence, and had adopted two new laws, on marital violence and on the prevention and suppression of human trafficking.
A number of amendments had been suggested, following informal consultations.
. UNFPA has shown itself at all levels to be open to the inclusion of a drug abuse prevention component in ongoing projects.
2007-9-19 15:04 "Weekend Homework           There should be no more weekend homework for us students
Sixty-seventh session
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of León
Note Percent similarity in upper triangle and percent divergence in lower triangle.
Delivery to the International Space Station of the crew of Expedition 20, consisting of R. Romanenko (Russian Federation), F. De Winne (European Space Agency) and R. Thirsk (Canada)
4. All UNDP bureaux and country offices are engaged in a mapping exercise, which will produce a comprehensive review of gender-related interventions and planned activities.
The Executive Director may, without further authorization from the Executive Board, transfer, if necessary, between the programme fields an amount not exceeding 10 per cent of the approved budget of the fund to which the transfer is made.
Visa requirements for Bolivian citizens
That support had been expressed in the Presidential Declarations issued at Potrero de Funes, Argentina, in 1996 and Asunción, Paraguay, in 1999, and more recently, in a Joint Communiqué issued by the Common Market Council.
You want to add more detail to flowchart steps and enhance the look of your diagram.
Submitting entity
All activities in outer space should be conducive to international peace and security, and to human subsistence and development.
We will accelerate the revival of the equipment manufacturing industry.
In this context, the Ministers called for the application of legal remedies to end the human rights violations and grave breaches of international humanitarian law being committed by Israel in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and to hold it accountable.
85. Due to the refusal of one of the two Communities of Cyprus to participate, the Executive and the Legislature are in fact not bi-communal (see paras 53 to 56 concerning the events during the period 1963-64).
So far, 35 pupils graduated from it.
Take the '3 licences(ID card, shack licence and working card) before go out.
Organizational matters:
The establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in all regions of the world was an important step towards complete nuclear disarmament.
But neither I nor Aliah have anything to do with it.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 6 of its report (A/65/595) (resolution 65/245).
2. The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Gallotannin is an important part of vegetable tannin.
Human Rights Council, working group on arbitrary detention, fifty-fifth session [Human Rights Council resolution 6/4] 4 September
1: He took out a bottle of wine out of his pocket, which he began to drink slowly.
The king's subjects protested against his imperialism.
And there are so many good athletes in China.
Another four entities -- the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management, the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of Internal Oversight Services -- utilize 10 per cent or less of their 28,900 combined work-months for delivering quantifiable outputs.
Her hair was sandy and she swung up and down.
The city hopes to have the system in use next month system-wide.
B: Yes, everything is alright.
University of Zimbabwe
All above - mentioned procedures shall go in line with relevant laws, regulations and roles.
Australian authorities also encourage immigrants to use their mother tongue.
Why have not he give our homework back?
According to the national legislation, employers are compelled to pay the minimum wage, as they should for Romanian workers.
Stade Olympique de Sousse
Microbiology for food and animal feeding stuffs - Guidelines of impedancemetry for microbiological examinations.
The scope of the business of an insurance company is subject to the approval of the financial supervision and regulation department.
16 December 1986
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/56/L.86
`God knows!
Mr. Efraín Díaz Arrivillaga (Honduras)
The credit crunch continues to render buy-out investors unable to secure the debt they need to buy expensive assets.
Participate in monthly supply chain review meetings and weekly production planning & purchasing meetings.
During the course of the renovation work, remaining accessibility deficiencies will also be corrected in each area.
The aim is to establish a joint Nordic bibliography.
The results of a study could be used to design appropriate measures to combat trafficking.
307. The Special Rapporteur has also received information on how human rights activists in Punjab are suffering from police harassment.
A. Research and analysis
g J. P. Morgan Co., Emerging Markets Bond Index Plus (EMBI+).
4. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on globalization and interdependence, bearing in mind, inter alia, the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development;
Ultimately a business scenario will be devised for complete, fully equipped franchise locations, which will be realised in Rotterdam and Ridderkerk with the right personnel in the right legal construction.
Although it is a national product with an "appellation of origin" certification, it will be marketed in supermarkets by Unilever, under the latter's Knorr label. The knowledge that it is bottled under conditions controlled by Unilever, a globally recognized name, is expected to facilitate acceptance by consumers.vii
Memorize participants But memorize participants in yangzhou during his own contacts, also often travel in circles.
Rule 26
UNFPA has developed a system to address the proliferation of annual workplans and to make the selection of implementing partners more robust.
4. National ownership and capacities are strengthening in developing countries.
In order to make the best use of available resources and expertise, the Integrated Training Service is launching a project designed to examine the state of the current global peacekeeping training architecture and ways in which it could be improved.
Besides the provisions and the guidelines described under paragraph 6 (a), the following provisions of the Military Equipment Act (1992:1300) and the Military Equipment Ordinance (1992:1303) apply to technical assistance: Swedish authorities, Swedish companies and persons who are resident or permanently domiciled in Sweden may not, without a permit from the National Inspectorate for Strategic Products, enter into agreements with persons or entities abroad concerning the development of military equipment or of production methods for such equipment, or concerning manufacture of such equipment.
In other cases, the constitutional legislator underscores the significance of equality without using the term.
President, "Herceg-Bosna"
Egypt, Jordan, Oman, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen are forecast to have current account deficits.
In order to expedite the improvement process, WHO management should take stock of the issues in a consolidated manner, and make an assessment of the current situation and problems objectively and transparently, with a view to defining the problems and providing solutions with a timetable for their implementation.
Cetuximab
Many nuclear reactor cores consist of radioactive fuel rods dunked in water.
85. The proposed budget for Global Programmes for 2012 and 2013 amounts to $151.7 and $168.3 million, respectively.
In June 2006, the heads of the member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization signed the "Statement of the Heads of the member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization on international information security", in which it was decided to establish a group of experts on international information security.
As appropriate, the Committee can call upon any relevant party to assist in its work, including past Presidents, past Co-Chairs, and representatives of other States Parties and organizations.
If you got a body and think his brother did it   you're right.
Scores of Kenyans have lost their lives over the past 36 months in border towns and communities owing to terrorist actions and incursions from Al-Shabaab militants.
4 (h)(ii)
At its next session, in April 2006, the Board will discuss a number of policy issues, and the secretariat foresees convening a meeting of the Board in April 2007 to discuss methods of work, guidelines for applicants and the secretariat, strategies, priorities and fund-raising.
He would stay out and knock around as a man who was independent -- not broke -- well might
At this moment here was the only hope of saving anything from destruction or surrender.
This chapter aims to contribute to efforts currently under way at the United Nations to reorganize and strengthen the management of the Organization's revenue-producing activities, pursuant to two specific resolutions of the General Assembly (52/220 of 22 December 1997 and 56/238 of 24 December 2001) on proposed measures to improve the profitability of the commercial activities of the United Nations.
However, the Board noted that the listing was maintained for insurance and maintenance purposes, as the values on which the listing was based (replacement/market values) did not agree with the amount in the financial statements, which is based on historical cost.
(e) A diminishing role for nuclear weapons in security policies so as to minimize the risk that these weapons will ever be used and to facilitate the process of their total elimination;
For the purposes of article 36 (8) (a), it should be noted that Ms. Clark has practised as a lawyer in the Irish common law system and she also has experience of the inquisitorial method of legal proceedings.
(e) The need to phase out substandard technologies, or technologies not applicable to local circumstances and conditions, and unsound practices regarding the handling of electronic and electrical wastes and to introduce or develop safe and sound technologies for the treatment, recycling or recovery of such wastes;
Chairperson: Dobrosav Mitrović (Serbia)
It is also a cheap hobby for beginners , although for some people it becomes a serious business.
(1) International law as a legal system.
The last nuclear weapon in the current stockpile was produced in 1991.
' That view is shared by rivals, including Microsoft Corp. and Google Inc., which are working to popularize their own software platforms for cellphones.
to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and
Expressing deep concern at all violations in connection with resolution 1701 (2006), in particular the latest grave violation of 3 August 2010 highlighted in the SecretaryGeneral's letter dated 11 August 2010, and looking forward to the rapid finalization of the investigation by the Force with a view to preventing such incidents in the future,
15 July 1999
In the often-nationalistic sporting press,the victory was somewhat exaggeratedly compared to the England team's 1966 World Cup defeat of Germany,and Britain's newfound love of hockey meant that Sean Kerly later received an MBE and became one of the nations best-known sportsmen.
Article 59 It is prohibited to arrange female workers to engage in work down the pit of mines, or work with Grade IV physical labour intensity as stipulated by the State, or other work that female workers should avoid.
Funding has been made available to construct staff quarters for medical officers in difficult areas to attract and retain their services in such areas.
Literacy rates are 40% for women in the poorest quintile and 90% for men in the wealthiest quintile.
be close to He wants the children to be close to him.
As a result, efforts to publicize the fundamental rights of persons with disabilities remain relevant.
Additional meetings used
She claimed that she really knew how to pick .
By committing themselves, therefore, to sustainable development, Member States have embraced a holistic approach to healing the Earth, which, like holistic medicine, addresses causes rather than symptoms.
It's over,it's over.
For this solves many of the coordination problems that other countries encounter when they have a larger number of investigative agencies involved to counter money-laundering.
14. With reference to paragraphs 13 and 14 of its concluding observations under the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party ensure better coordination among the various agencies and committees working on developing and implementing child rights policies, including those under the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security, and designate a unit capable of providing leadership and effective general oversight for the monitoring and evaluation of activities on child rights under the Convention and its Optional Protocols across sectoral ministries and from the central to local government levels.
There was once a wise old woman who lived back in the hills.
This coalition stressed the importance of the participation of non-governmental organizations in all human rights debates.
What are you sighing about? Is something wrong?
We acknowledge the untiring efforts that you have made both in New York during the work of the First Committee and here in Geneva in consulting with all the delegations of the member countries of this Conference.
E/CN.4/2000/L.18
463. Although micro-credit and enterprise development offer the potential to improve women's economic standing, neither is without problems.
The women were of mixed ethnicity.
Date of communication: 16 November 1999 (initial submission)
The Government should definitely raise the marriageable age for women from 16 to 18 to bring it into line with the Convention and with the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
As part of this systemic approach, Costa Rica supports the principles of universality, impartiality, objectivity, non-selectivity, non-politicization, international constructive dialogue and cooperation.
Pakistan
B. Draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.48
The treating physician, after providing notification in writing, is entitled to refuse to perform the artificial termination of pregnancy if it does not directly threaten the life of the patient or the health of others.
Signed commercial invoice in three copies.
In Ethiopia, UNICEF is piloting an initiative promoting income-generating activities through a revolving fund to promote girls' education in the Gambella region.
 My country is, with its partners, part of this peacekeeping operation whose role is to be a force for solidarity, reconstruction and hope for a new Europe.
Spiderman revealed his secret identiry!!
Flores, Pernambuco
Donald Payne, a leading member of the US House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Ana Gomes, a member of the European Parliament from Portugal and head of the EU’s observation team in the 2005 elections, have sought to tie non-humanitarian aid more closely to Ethiopia’s conduct on press freedom and other human rights.
In its annual report on the audit of the capital master plan for the 12month period ending 31 December 2011, the Board stated that the lack of transparent, timely and robust cost forecasting presented a barrier to effective decision-making by those charged with governance, which could lead to further project costs and delays.
After a preliminary review of the Claims, the secretariat sent notifications to each Claimant in June 1999 seeking additional information or documentation to assist the Panel in verifying and valuing the Claims, pursuant to article 34 of the Rules ("article 34 notifications").
Bangladesh
Recalling articles 9 to 11 and 14 to 22 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
Beecher. When Victor Hugo was past eighty years of age he gave expression to his religious faith in these sublime sentences: I feel in myself the future life.
The air was removed from between the two pipe
78. The body of a man in his fifties, showing gunshot wounds, was found in the quarter to the south of Homs Stadium.
He claimed that his extradition to the United States, would constitute a violation of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
80. It should be noted that the number of ratifications of the six ILO core human rights conventions ranges between 120 and 146.
Fungerolli: My biggest fear is that adults, particularly adults just like me, when I was 28 and working full time, are gonna see it as an irresponsible choice to go to campus, a 4)self-indulgent choice and theyre going to be lured to the Internet, theyre going to believe that this is the only responsible thing for them to do.
Where necessary, such measures should be directed at women subjected to multiple discrimination, including rural women.
How can I be friends With her When she Is always trying To get In between us, She will never stop Unless I do things differently.
The focus will be on young people, sex workers, substance abusers and mobile and migrant populations.
In practice, criminal courts only rarely impose prison sentences on juveniles, except in cases of very grave or recurrent offences.
 Four members from Asian States;
The biggest disparity is between the capital city and the countryside.
Upon occurrence of a breach, the non-defaulting Party shall promptly give written notice of the breach to the defaulting Party.
Willow warbler
Private, independent schools pay more than public colleges and universities. But how do professors compare with other professions?
I always feel she has a grudge against me.
Contribution of the organization to the work of the United Nations
9. Decides to continue to use the Special Account for the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti, established in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/15 A, for the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti beginning on 1 August 1997 and for the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti beginning on 1 December 1997;
 The gap exists not in the availability of information on ESTs but in the ability of technology suppliers, users and intermediaries to know about them and access all the available databases.
They are not presented as being the most problematic situations or as an exhaustive survey.
Also we would like to give you a brief information about Fusion Glass Tecnology.
Some proposed that conclusion of any process on the development of long-term co-operative action to address climate change will need to be finalized by 2009.
As regards special and differential treatment, he believed that the whole issue was more complex and nuanced than the report had suggested, considering, for instance, that companies in developing countries could possess similar resources and be as large, technologically sophisticated and productive as those in developed countries.
The notification from Canada was first reported in PIC Circular XXII of December 2005 and the notification from European Community in PIC Circular XXVI of December 2007.
These swift ratifications signify firm commitments for immediate action against various forms of violation of children's rights.
Accordingly, as only one notification of final regulatory action from one PIC region met the criteria set out in Annex II, the Committee concluded that mirex could not be recommended for inclusion in Annex III of the Convention at the current time.
Integrity of the judicial system res. 25/4 22
One UNAMET staff member who had supervised the voting in Atsabe on 30 August told the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions how a group of militiamen had surrounded the polling station and then opened fire in the direction of the UNAMET staff.
Any changes from the accrual basis of accounting and reasons therefor must be approved by the Executive Director and fully disclosed in the financial statements. Rule 15.7
it is  advisable aiming at as normal When Christians first attained to power in Rome, they took part in wars both defensive and aggressive
The Initial Report Article 7 provides that each State Party must provide an initial report on the steps it has taken to comply with the Convention as soon as practicable, but no later than 180 days after entry into force of the Convention for that State Party. The Annual Report
And on the day you were born Well, that was the day I finally caught him.
6. Condemns violence and acts of terrorism, which are increasing in number, targeting individuals, including persons belonging to religious minorities across the world;
One of the outstanding prerequisites of any city is a local transportation system.
CCW/GGE/XIII/WG.1/WP.5
3. Calls for the immediate cessation of all Israeli military attacks throughout the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the firing of crude rockets, which resulted in the loss of two civilian lives and some injuries in southern Israel;
She ran the Roman Catholic school in Fajardo and was concerned that the new school would take her best pupils.
 As was stated earlier, there is special labour protection of certain categories of workers and employees in order to guarantee their genuine equality in the labour process.
Instead, it is common practice to drill one well hole and to install two monitoring wells at the same location.
38. The persistence of such harmful practices recently prompted the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Committee on the Rights of the Child to work on their first joint general comment on harmful traditional practices, which is likely to be finalized in 2013.
Education and training (public awareness)
Direct interest by senior management not always evident
The four concepts shown were specifically targeted for use by the U. S. Postal Service.
I. Introduction
This does not mean that UNEP will exclusively work in particular types of countries; it will, however, work primarily in such countries during the biennium in order to be able to show tangible results at the end of the biennium.
The Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971 regulates the practice of abortion and prevents illegal abortions.
Good practices in promoting responsible, professional reporting on corruption
I was supposed to do that?
Originality, unique, personalities with her manner bright and clean as the water of a fountain.
Expressing its deep concern at the number and scale of natural disasters, diseases and pests and their increasing impact in recent years, which have resulted in massive loss of life and livelihood and threatened agricultural production and food security, in particular in developing countries,
Abstaining:
28. The provisional agenda of the fifth meeting of the Conference of the Parties has three main topics.
Statute of Brčko District
The last attempt was made in 1999.
(b) Programme budgets, management, financial control and administrative oversight.
Mr. Robert McDougall (Canada)
254. The Senior Staff Assistant/Personal Assistant (Field Service) will provide support to the Special Envoy, including by managing requests for information and follow-up, preparing materials for meetings and business trips, attending and taking notes of meetings and providing guidance and supervision to other staff in the area of responsibility.
30. Establish focal points for indigenous issues in all appropriate organizations of the United Nations system.
On the contrary, its commitment to the social and economic development of the Caribbean is unquestionable.
Thus, in order to respond to the question of knowing whether the higher court in a criminal case may be limited to a review of points of law, the Court first examined State practice, then its own jurisprudence, in the matter and ultimately cited a French interpretative declaration:
In a brief skit, Leno pushed her to talk about her husband's flaws. At first, she sarcastically said he has none.
The Territory''s reports to international bodies are prepared by the Government of the United Kingdom, drawing on information provided by the Governor and the Island administration.
Ampang LRT station
""Hey, what are you up to ""What are you up to
"The General Assembly,
The expanded use of video teleconference technology had reduced travel costs for briefers, as well as providing the members with a closer feel for the dynamics on the ground.
Table 28F.1 summarizes the support services provided at the Vienna International Centre by the three original occupant organizations for themselves and at least one of the other organizations.
Political factors linked to government:
B. The civil society
Sure, just like Tim Ferriss, author of The 4-Hour Workweek, some weeks I only work four hours. But if Im working on a book or one of my one-on-one clients is launching his/her business, I work at least forty.
That is my fundamental conviction.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had to drag some of his country’s special-interest groups kicking and screaming into the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
He spoke during a visit to New York Wednesday after meeting with UN Secretary General Bankumu.
In many cases, family farms have been abandoned and productive assets destroyed or stolen, resulting in a total paralysis in food production and limited food security.
3. The Advisory Committee recalls that, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 67/245 B, the appropriation for the maintenance of the Mission for the period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013 was reduced by an amount of $53,824,100 to $101,604,900, including $89,566,600 for the maintenance of the Mission for the period from 1 July to 31 December 2012 and $12,038,300 for the administrative liquidation of the Mission for the period from 1 January to 30 June 2013.
Western European and other States:
Who are we? Where we came from? And where is our destination?
Convention centres in Romania
However, inact-ivation are biphasic course.
The Tea Party's rise exacerbated this split.
There was a beautiful princess in the kingdom.
63. The increasingly integrated nature of the work of the Organization in the field, evidenced most clearly by Security Council mandates for "integrated" United Nations peace operations, demands a workforce that has an integrated Headquarters and field perspective and is able to work collaboratively across the common system, including the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
The Agency has developed a project for the introduction of systems for identifying lawfully published phonograms and video products.
Regional framework to support the implementation of international and region-specific commitments
Section 3. The school shall prepare the students for active participation, joint responsibility, and rights and duties in a society based on freedom and democracy.
The Ministers recalled that the Vienna Declaration on Crime and Justice and the Bangkok Declaration recognized that comprehensive crime prevention strategies must address, inter alia, the root causes and risk factors of crime.
This Ordinance shall come into operation on a day to be appointed by the Secretary for Constitutional and Mainland Affairs by notice in the Gazette.
We must all help to create a United Nations Organization that is more efficient and accountable.
In-session documentation, if required
Music is a means of expression that can excite you, or bring calmness and peace.
Continued constructive cooperation by the Haitian National Police at all levels, as well as political support from Haitian authorities, is essential for effective reform and the development of a competent, professional police force.
(d) Observers for non-governmental organizations: Amnesty International, Arab Lawyers Union, Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies, International Association of Jewish Lawyers and Jurists, Liberal International (World Liberal Union), Press Emblem Campaign.
(g) Treaties relating to aquifers and related installations and facilities
Estimate 2012-2013: 100 per cent
The seeds of early childhood education that Montessori planted in America at the beginning of the twentieth century would blossom forty-five years later nurtured by Nancy McCormick Rambusch.
My country has full confidence in his integrity and competence, which he has demonstrated over the years, both as a staff member and at the helm of the Organization.
His flower had told him that she was only one of her kind in all universe.
At its 913th plenary meeting, on 12 May 2000, the Board decided that consultations should be held on the draft decision under the authority of the President.
More than one fifth of the world's population is now living in conditions of absolute poverty, lacking the most essential means necessary for daily survival food, clean water and sanitation.
Regardless of rank, everyone should be held accountable for his or her own deeds or inactions.
(e) Programme for Change and Organizational Renewal (continued) (IDB.39/9; IDB.39/CRP.5)
 - International claims are to be settled by bilateral agreement between the interested parties;
1. Kut brick factory
According to the Association for Women's Rights in Development survey of organizations working for the rights of women, two thirds of the 845 organizations that provided information had annual budgets less than $50,000, with Latin America and the Caribbean having the majority of small-income organizations.
A number of issues stand out for immediate attention.
It would also provide an opportunity to consider the work and legacy of the international criminal courts and tribunals, although care would have to be taken not to duplicate deliberations on those bodies under other items on the General Assembly's agenda.
:: 36 sensitization missions in North and South Kivu targeting communities with armed group members within local populations, aimed at raising the interest of armed groups in disengagement and disconnecting from the communities
(b) Election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council;
Kadam
The novel is a portrayal of a modern-day woman.
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments
Glycogen is the stored form of glucose, one of the body's primary sources of energy.
Development and refinement of Arabic terminology in the field of ICT
The insurance company will recompense his loss.
B. Framework of the Covenant concerning reports
Before concluding, allow me to share with the Assembly some recent ICT developments in my country.
Planning of public administration Resource requirements (before recosting): $1,310,400
On this first trip, there was much they would never see—a rowdy free press, a social safety net forged by political wrangling—but, mile by mile, they were quietly discovering how to see it at all.
In this connection, it should be noted that the population lived in constant fear of being attacked.
The mother was taken to court for kicking the children around.
In order to consolidate peace, it had been necessary to demobilize, disarm and reintegrate some 250,000 former combatants.
1. It is noteworthy that Cuba has consistently contributed to efforts aimed at strengthening regional and international drug control.
UNCDD staff and their families are not eligible for fellowship awards.
Obviously this is a rather trivial process model.
The high turnover of ministers of justice was not related to corruption but to specifically political problems.
22. Although democratization and the rule of law had improved significantly in many parts of the world, human rights continued to be violated in a number of countries.
And I don't look at it and think it has any edge.
My delegation would like to associate itself with the statements made by the representative of Kuwait on behalf of the Group of Arab States and by the representative of Pakistan on behalf of the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
Australia (South Australia) and Ecuador
Taking into account the fact that the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia states that it respects the opinions of the Badinter Arbitration Commission, the Council should be encouraged in its deliberations to implement the Commission's decisions on the inviolability of international borders, as well as other applicable international law. English Page
My husband didnt like traveling at first, either
The existence and the efficient use of physical transport infrastructure encompassing, among other things, seaports, airports, dry ports, roads, railways and multimodal transport infrastructure, was a prerequisite for enabling efficient transit solutions.
The General Assembly,
:: The Meeting to Assess the Need for a Second Interlinkages Assessment Report, Bonn, 26 October 1999.
Distr.: General
Activities in 2002
The circling dances of the 8th of July effaced the enthusiasms of the 20th of March.
They might be described as the positive aspect of future performance, where cessation of any continuing wrongful act is its negative aspect (and the continuation in force of the obligation is a necessary assumption of both).
Concern was also voiced about the significant, unexplained differences between the final figures of CEP and those previously posted by the regional electoral offices, and the failure of CEP to deal with the complaints filed by candidates challenging voting procedures and results.
34. The first group comprises the paragraphs of the outcome document devoted specifically to forests (paras. 193, 194, 195 and 196).
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
The Lolotoe case is one of the 10 priority cases investigated by the Serious Crimes Unit (SCU).
There is extreme poverty and vulnerability in all fields of operation, and clear signs that this is worsening in some fields.
What's in the sack?
The Government of Bahrain is promoting the island as an information technology (IT) centre in the Gulf.
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Fuzhou
 The activities connected with the International Year of the Family should be appropriately reflected in the activities of the United Nations, and should be in keeping with the important role families play in our societies.
10. Draft article 7, as provisionally adopted by the Commission at its fifty-sixth session, reads as follows:
Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources In Outer Space
Mr. Reta Alemu Nega, Deputy Permanent Representative (Ethiopia)
This paper shows the endogenous growth model that financial departments promote economic growth.
That having been said, the Committee points out that UNIFIL is a mission at which a significant number of armoured personnel carriers are United Nations-owned, having been acquired under the old methodology for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment.
It was a gradual process since it would be very costly to raise all women's salaries at the same time.
JS7 encouraged the State to incorporate a prohibition of discrimination on grounds of gender identity in its prison policies.
This boy has no job 193.
Twenty-fifth session
293. Recalls the need to strengthen and improve the efficiency of the Informal Consultative Process, and encourages States, intergovernmental organizations and programmes to provide guidance to the Co-Chairs to this effect, particularly before and during the preparatory meeting for the Informal Consultative Process;
5. With regard to the request contained in the last part of operative paragraph 6 (a), of the draft resolution, concerning technical assistance, such assistance, if requested, would be accommodated, according to the Secretary-General, within the technical cooperation activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
(a) To take the necessary measures to mobilize and diversify the financial and other resources for the Regional Programme in order to further enhance its responsiveness in the light of the needs and priorities of the Arab region;
B: Yes, I have Dr. Jones as my instructor.A: How is he as lecturerB: He"s O.K
Recent policy initiatives include work on a new legal framework and revision of some existing laws and regulations, including the adoption of a new basic act on ageing society; elimination of potentially discriminatory practices on wages and retirement age; revision of the pension system to encompass a multi-pillar model and groups not protected by existing pension schemes; and preparation of the physical and human infrastructure for the introduction of a new long-term care insurance.
Discussion and Calculation of Discharge and Velocity Coefficients of the Straight Wall through Measuring Weir of the U-shaped Channel
Submitted by: Herbert Thomas Potter
These Ministries are:
In Algeria, the prosecutor took an oath, whereas in Bosnia and Herzegovina the prosecutor made a solemn declaration to undertake to perform his or her duty conscientiously, diligently, decisively and responsibly.
UNODA said the Guidelines were the most comprehensive and highest existing international standards on ammunition safety and security.
Letter dated 30 October 2007 from the Secretary-General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to the Secretary-General
High purity die casting alloys of the AM and AZ series make up the standard product.
Transport in Namibia
Every underling feared him.
Item 4.
* Management: reduced inputs and same outputs
Of particular importance was the principle of restitution in the form of a return to the status quo ante.
249. The foremost challenge facing the embargo on rough diamond exports from Côte d’Ivoire is the continuation of diamond mining in the country.
Fold away the table and lean it against the wall.
But reliance on foreign workers could run into structural problems down the road.
Malaysia considered, however, that that article was an example of a specified reservation in conformity with draft guideline 3.1.2 on definition of specified reservations, since it expressly authorized reservations to specific provisions and stipulated the conditions that had to be met for the formulation of a reservation.
You can stretch your neck by turning head to the left, then to the right.
The Tribunal rejected the author's argument in this regard, pointing out that one other SDM also had type 1 diabetes, but continued in her role.
Specifically, candidates should not necessarily interpret scores between 50 and 70 percent as passing.
Belgium
Magazines established in the 20th century
9. The Governing Council shall consist of a representative designated by the Government of China and eight representatives nominated by other members and associate members of ESCAP elected by the Commission.
Contents
34. Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Cut up some old comic books and, using collage medium, add some color to an old pair of flats.
Nigeria
Integration of the Strategic Approach objectives into multilateral and bilateral development assistance cooperation, including by:
Much of the discussion in the International Law Commission commentary is based on the use of self-defence in peacekeeping operations, but that right arose in many cases from the terms of the mandate given to a peacekeeping force.
A bail-out of Detroit's carmakers, whatever its final extent, will be a discriminatory subsidy.
A
a These figures may be increased upon the confirmation of current funding proposals.
Fittingly, initial work with respect to these requirements will include the start-up (or expansion) of major field operations.
Based on the needs and concerns articulated by the participating countries during the meeting, the secretariat drew up recommendations and suggestions for follow-up activities to address them at the subregional or bilateral level.
The US-Agency for International Development (USAID)-Philippines program in Mindanao "Balikatan 2002" helped citizens in conflict-affected areas to rebuild a peaceful economy and community life.
They carried out 18 missions, were supported by an AWACS aircraft operating inside Turkish airspace and overflew the Zakho, Dohuk, Ayn Zalah, Aqrah, Mosul, Amadiyah, Tall Afar, Baibo, Sinjar, Rawanduz and Dokan areas.
178. While unsustainable consumption patterns are severely stressing the Earth's resources, large segments of the population still lack access to basic needs.
As a general rule, no proposal shall be considered at any meeting of the Conference unless copies of it have been circulated to all delegations not later than the day preceding the meeting.
I assume that you are reading this because you have some computational problem.
Without a considerable increase in ODA levels for operational activities for development, basic goals were unlikely to be met.
He went to the desk near the window, pulled in his chair twice and read off some words from the sheet on the drum of his typewriter.
As a result, there appears to be a real risk that environment and energy will continue to receive insufficient or unbalanced attention, particularly in the least developed countries and small island developing States.
Draft resolution A/C.3/68/L.15: Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly
I have a small token of our gratitude which I would like you to have.
Any form of subsidy can distort international trade by giving a competitive advantage to domestic companies at a cost to foreign competitors.
"6. Acknowledges the critical role and shared responsibilities of men and boys in reducing maternal mortality and morbidity and promoting the health of women and girls, and urges Member States, the United Nations, and civil society to include in their development-priorities programmes that support the critical role of men in making pregnancy and childbirth safe, contributing to family planning, preventing sexually transmitted infections and HIV, and ending violence against women and girls;
8032 Michaeladams
Plastic shopping bags have been discontinued at commissary and reusable shopping bags are encouraged;
He called his mother first, and then his girlfriend
Member, Panel of Accredited Arbitrators, China International Economic Trade Law Arbitration Commission (CIETAC), Beijing
In addition, an increase in the return of displaced Ngok Dinka has also exacerbated tensions by increasing the physical proximity between the two communities, especially during the migration season.
The blesses on New Year are warm and beautiful. The language forms of the congratulation messages add the aesthetic feeling.
75. On this issue the Cuban delegate pointed out his concerns regarding the activities of the organization because it had never really been clarified how an organization which was made up of political parties, in contravention of guidelines of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31, preserves its independence from government when these parties become the ruling parties in power.
So far, we lack not the means, but only the will and the leadership.
While recognizing the problems faced by Georgia, they noted some signs of improvement in its economic situation.
He resigned from his position as secretary.
Approved estimates
The problem is not what we have seen here; the problem is not what is written in the resolution.
Approaching orbital apogee. Mark.
Resolutions 1997/44 of 11 April 1997 and 1998/52 of 17 April 1998
Anyone considering whether to declare an interest under paragraphs 8 or 9; or
(i) Summit areas with high grades (of cobalt, nickel, copper, manganese, platinum etc.) will be chosen.
9. In January the Afghan New Beginnings Programme initiated the disbandment of illegal armed groups.
These two earthquakes triggered Tsunami.
To be held on Friday, 13 April 2007, at 10.20 a.m.
This process showed potential advantages in the investment and running costs of the wastewater treatment compared to the traditional treatment process of wastewater from the citric acid production.
6) German weightlifter Matthias Steiner kisses a picture of his late wife Susann on the gold medal podium, choking back tears over the promise he made to her that he would keep their Olympic dream
5. While recognizing that each region of the world has its own characteristics and each zone must be tailored to suit them, Egypt does not share the view that full-scale peace and fully developed political and economic relations among all States of the region are a prerequisite for the commencement of negotiations on the establishment of such a zone.
If the requirements of section 1906 (1) have not been met (or can no longer be met), he may not make use of this consent, or he must end the placement and demonstrate this to the court.
Our meeting today is taking place seven years after the convening of the Millennium Summit.
This action should make the nook off your front armpits and the nook of your rear armpits level with each other.
The economics and dwindling company coverage of most sell side research shops has forced the buy side to scale and employ a do-it-yourself ethic.
Braid will cut right through that stuff.
11. With regard to the crimes enumerated in the draft Code, her delegation shared the Commission's view that individual responsibility for participation in the crime of aggression and the commission by a State of an act of aggression were related matters.
S/AC.50/2007/86
Ryan Fraser
A cupcake with a candle on it is romantic.
Review of the experience of overseas trade union centres, joint study by trade union officials with such centres, coordination of action and manifestations of solidarity remain the most important aspects of trade union activity in Tajikistan.
This is a model worth emulating.
She was called Mamselle Miss.
Pending a decision by the Security Council on the mandate of the Mission, the Advisory Committee recommends that the Assembly approve an amount of $184,949,000 gross ($182,212,000 net) for the maintenance of the Mission for the period from 1 July to 15 November 2010.
Please leave the door latch shut.
This woman may be equipped with professional skills and perhaps valuable experience, She will not be content to be Executive Assistant to Mr. Seldom Seen of the Assistant Vice Presidents Girl Friday, who is the only one who comes in on Saturday
Proper elements in interior and exterior help to achieve the aim and bring in comfort, silence and beauty.
40. In addition, the Governor reported that, during 2001, the Office of Collective Bargaining had worked to resolve a number of serious labour disputes, the majority of which were the result of "years of impulsive spending and poor financial planning".
China has said that a sudden appreciation of its currency would be harmful to its eceonomy.
Took one guitar, left the el cheapo with me.
Nearly 20 resolutions amounting to almost $5 billion have been negotiated and adopted.
Thailand
A person who cheats is an unworthy winner.
Note: ultrasonic generator characteristics please check from Ultrasonic cleaner with single slot.
One of the major challenges faced by the centres, however, is how to secure financial assistance for projects while maintaining support for the structure of the centre.
- Organization of work (ICCD/COP(3)/CST/1)
Vesselsat 1
Under the procedures established by the General Assembly in its resolutions 41/213 and 42/211, those provisions would represent a charge against the contingency fund.
No discrimination of any kind may arise from the exercise of such a right.
Barbadosa, b
Item
73. User-driven, application-oriented pilot projects were a good way to demonstrate that space technology could be a useful, practical, operational and cost-effective alternative to the use of traditional tools in providing solutions to specific development problems.
Aiming at the House Leasing market situation of Tianhe District, Guangzhou, the current existing problems are analyzed in this thesis.
61. The Group believed that an effective system of administration of justice was key to ensuring that staff enjoyed the right to due process and were treated fairly.
Adolescents can be as cool-headed as anyone, and in some realms, women take more risks than men.
Sections 519 to 521 comprise additional provisions.
Too many of them, after having been driven from pillar to post in this way, take to crime again.
More recently, central banks have taken an increasingly expansive role in stabilizing economic fluctuations.
Period of loss 189-190 40 Valuation method 191-193 41
 21. It was so decided.
His delegation expressed the hope that other members of the international community would also make contributions to UNRWA so as to improve its capacity to assist the Palestine refugees.
They should be of specific duration, should be periodically reviewed and should be lifted as soon as their goals were achieved.
The farmers are zealous for a bumper harvest this year.
"Welcoming the voluntary national presentations made by China, Jamaica, Japan, Mali, the Plurinational State of Bolivia, Sri Lanka and the Sudan,3
We believe that it is the responsibility of the Government to create an enabling environment within which every citizen would have a reasonable opportunity to find happiness.
At the beginning of the biennium 2006-2007, or at the end of January 2006, the vacancy rate was 34.3 per cent (39.4 per cent at the Professional level and 20.0 per cent at the General Service level).
Paragraph 3 (d)
Their growing sense of superiority was based on a flawed assumption that their values, cultures and justice systems were better than those of others.
Text searchability of the EDS also allows Defense access to documents and avoids the filing of unnecessary motions and hearings
(b) Recommendations for additional resources for approved country programmes
Women now occupy more positions than they did in the last reporting period as members of parliament, government ministers, councillors, permanent secretaries and as lawyers.
The result is valuable for reference to develop the interface circuit of the automatic supervisory and control system.
Letter dated 17 June 2008 from the Chairperson of the Peacebuilding Commission to the Permanent Representative of Burkina Faso to the United Nations
No on-site assessment of MINURSO was conducted during the reporting period.
Page
We expect this meeting to lead to the convergent views we need in order to build a true international partnership in favour of the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
It also recalls that the year 2001 was devoted to a Dialogue among Civilizations.
* The report of the Committee on this item is being issued in four parts, under the symbol A/69/466 and Add.1-3.
Interactions between the RECs and the United Nations system are either established on a bilateral basis between the regional or subregional offices of the organizations concerned, through the UNCTs of the respective countries represented by the Resident Coordinators or through the subregional offices of ECA.
In addition, in 2012, Colombia joined a multilateral agreement with the World Economic Forum, known as the "Partnership for Cyber-Resilience", geared to identifying and addressing global systematic risks stemming from the ever greater connectivity between persons, processes and objects.
In the future, the State Treasury will collect information also on applicants to State functions according to gender.
18. With a view to enabling Morocco to have a coherent, modern and effective national human rights system, the institutional framework responsible for the promotion and protection of human rights was reinforced.
Furthermore, the Under-Secretary-General is responsible for the direction of committee liaison functions performed by the Department, with regard to both intergovernmental bodies, such as the Committee on Information, and the United Nations Communications Group.
`That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.
Programme Component C.9: Regional Priorities, Funds Mobilization and Partnerships 47
San Francisco de Sangayaico District
[color=""#0000ff""][/color] Clearly, regular family dinners are important for a childs development.
2.8 On the availability of domestic remedies, the authors recall the Committee's case law, which holds that only effective and available remedies need to be exhausted; they submit that, in the case under consideration, since it was their son's fundamental rights that were violated, only remedies of a judicial nature need to be exhausted.
Searches in the event of imminent danger must be immediately communicated to the judge for confirmation, otherwise they are deemed null and void.
Examples cited included entire newspapers sent for translation when only one article was relevant or whole books requested when only a chapter or a few paragraphs were relevant.
You must send your most trusted officer to parley with their leaders for an exchange of prisoners.
But the profit-takers have already seized the money and run.
15. Stresses the need for the Secretary-General to ensure a strategic and coherent vision when undertaking reform initiatives, and, in this context, emphasizes that any new proposal for reform should fully take into account ongoing and past management reforms;
All countries are facing various degrees of land degradation problems and examples of progressive practice in land and water management can be found in different climatic and physiographic zones.
Summary of official meetings
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2003/879)
His Excellency Abdelaziz Bouteflika, President of the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria
There were several clowns and lots of paper snow.
Before each session of the National People's Congress is convened, the delegations shall discuss matters concerning preparations for the session put forward by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.During the session, the delegations shall deliberate on the bills and proposals submitted to the Congress, and the heads of delegations or representatives chosen by them may express, on behalf of those delegations, opinions on the bills and proposals at meetings of the Presidium or at plenary meetings of the session.
III
4. Welcomes the Secretary-General's February 27 appointment of a Special Adviser for Haiti, and requests the Secretary-General to elaborate a programme of action for the United Nations to assist the constitutional political process and support humanitarian and economic assistance and promote the protection of human rights and the development of the rule of law;
Despite the joint efforts of the Lebanese armed forces, 16 UNIFIL teams and 61 United Nations contractors, the task ahead to clear and demine more then 1 million cluster bombs constitutes a real challenge.
The Fifth Committee adopted it without a vote.
1. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination
The hunter takes on the aspects of a beast, sharing any detection abilities with her pet, becoming untrackable and able to track beasts.
The Republic of Korea supports efficient counter-terrorism capacity-building assistance activities. It believes that they can be achieved through the promotion of coordination and coherence by the United Nations.
Today, I ask the same question I posed at the meeting of the First Committee on 7 October: what could possibly justify refraining from joining this treaty?
2)These people are mentally sound,but physically handicapped
This proposal will cost the Government $4.4 billion a year.
And Michelangelo turned around and looked at him and whispered "I'm working"
"Oil is not moisture, and even if you have excess oil you still need moisture," he says.
How did the Marine Corps find out about it?
It's my fault that you and me I haven't been here, Sarah.
Consequence of the first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes.
50. In short, during the third legislature, the Royal Government succeeded in rescuing, and providing support to a large number of vagrants, vulnerable people including women and children, people with disability and the victims of human trafficking and natural disasters.
Huang asked the cooks why they were making such a fuss about one little turtle.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/57/529/Add.3)]
"A higher contrast tends to make the face look more feminine, " she said.
In such cases, it is essential to provide sustainable support through strong and coordinated cooperation at the regional and international levels.
Establishment of an international repository on hazard data (essential health, safety and environmental information) that will be accessible free of charge
Dude, shut up. I heard he carries a gun in his truck.
10. With regard to his requests to conduct visits, the Special Rapporteur wishes to inform the Commission that there has been no response from the following countries: India, Pakistan and Nepal.
We all recognize that.
Arming myself with useless courage, I guess hoping for a miracle.
The President: We turn next to draft resolution A/66/L.17, entitled "Special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat".
81. The role of conduct and discipline teams in peacekeeping missions is to implement a strategy to eliminate misconduct, including sexual exploitation and abuse, based on three core elements: prevention activities, enforcement activities, and remedial action activities.
3. For the Tenth Regional Conference on Women, UNIFEM ensured that indigenous women were present and that their voices were heard.
The mirror is a junk shop piece I painted neon green.
Department of Management
An average of 45 per cent of female interns were selected during the period.
The comprehensive convention should fill the gaps left by existing sectoral anti-terrorism conventions.
England are playing France at football tomorrow.
As a result of the April 2011 decree offering citizenship to one group of stateless Kurds in the Syrian Arab Republic, official sources indicate that some 69,000 of the approximately 150,000 people who could benefit from the decree had received citizenship documents by the end of 2011, while another 37,000 applications were being processed.
Regional statistics are an important input into national policy-making and regional cooperation.
Government did not announce any compensation package for the affected small and medium sized businesses.
Also, the large amounts of fish feed, aquacultural waste, antibiotics and other chemicals involved in aquaculture cause oxygen depletion, eutrophication and pollution.
In the late 1990s, the party began to admit entrepreneurs into its ranks, partly in a bid to co-opt potential rivals.
He's the president of pakistan.
The programme is based on the use of the TET, which is a German-built satellite that weighs about 120 kg and has a payload capacity of about 50 kg.
"My fellow Chinese, facing such a severe disaster, we need calm, confidence, courage and efficient organization," Wen was quoted as saying.
On 12 August 2011, ROCA facilitated a round table at which the State authorities and civil society discussed the draft national periodic reports.
Intrusive United States naval patrols are intercepting these vessels and assaulting and questioning their crews.
:: Challenges related to accessibility to basic social services due to the vastness of the country, shortage of facilities and personnel, inadequacy of infrastructure, maldistribution of the existing facilities and cadre, increasing cost of services, widespread poverty, shortage of funds and prolonged conflict and violence.
I do not wish to discuss this further.
The extravagant ferocious made the interior and appearance criteria of deterioration.
Tobacco entails heavy opportunity costs for poor households in which addicted tobacco users spend a significant amount of household resources on tobacco consumption.
December
It has drawn out the urban transport external costs production mechanism.
That said, the Conference still remains in a serious impasse despite cumulative efforts made by all presidents, distinguished ambassadors and member States.
61. While the number of United Nations staff in Iraq is increasing gradually, the security environment is a constraint on the Organization's presence and its activities in Iraq.
But also must admit, who has the right to live according to oneself want to.
Southern Europe
The Workers demanded the same salary and treatment, and not any discrimination..
Human Rights Council
Operation Opera
22. Invites voluntary contributions to the Operation in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered, as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;
In addition to the obvious problemloneliness another major in my opinion is the alien environment of
At the same time, if nuclear-weapon States do reduce the role of nuclear weapons in their national security policies, do not target any country for a nuclear strike and do not draw up any plans to launch nuclear strikes against non-nuclear-weapon States, they will foster progress on the issue of negative security assurances.
The programme supports four areas of activities:
The Historic Archives of the National Police (established in 2005) has made digital copies of more than 11.5 million records.
Canadian law also allows the criminalisation of cases where the accused was "wilfully blind" (intentionally ignorant) as to essential facts in some circumstances, and the freezing prohibitions extend to cases where, in the face of some basis to believe the property might be owned or controlled by or on behalf of a terrorist group, the person dealing in them remained deliberately ignorant of its nature.
Report of the Secretary-General
It referred to the failure to conduct an inquiry on the 2003 "war on drugs", and was concerned about targets set to rehabilitate 400,000 drug users in 2012.
The men who think we are beautiful, that are heterosexual, somewhat nice and have money cowards.
Austria made recommendations.
At the same time, traditional communications media, such as television, radio and newspaper, can also use the Internet to expand their audiences at nominal cost.
He cited Shakespere's words at the end of his speech.
Recently more and more people who included in negative priming research have concluded that negative priming is relaying on the display of distracter in the probe display.
The internal legal function, once an impenetrable black box, has been opened up.
That was particularly important given that developing countries accounted for only a fraction of the R&D undertaken by transnational corporations and by public and private research and technology organizations (RTOs) in developed countries.
Nepal
  All organizations and individuals using land must ensure its rational use.
He highlighted that these were all sensitive issues in Tonga which needed to be fully canvassed by all stakeholders before the Convention can be ratified.
On account of the deficiency of common current control methods a novel control technique based on optimal instantaneous voltage vector is suggested and analyzed for active power filters (APF).
Tiffany, your skirt is really happening.
Ministry of Agriculture, Ministry of Solidarity and Victims of War, NGOs, civil society organizations
Christine was selected by the unique generation, her talent listener to give the phantom of the opera music to the soul.
Baritú National Park
Helen Troke
When the young man starts to earn his own living, he can nolongerexpect others to pay for his food, his clothes, and hisroom, buthas to work if he wants to live comfortably.
Greece
And, Mr. Stewart, what is your occupation I'm a freelance photographer
At times like this,I wished I had a partner to turn to.
Abolition of P-3 post of Security Officer
At chapter 4, the developmental strategy are analyzed and decided.
Mary banged the phone down and tried to go back to sleep, but she couldnt. She worried that the phone might ring, so she sat next to the phone, waiting, with another phone on hand, just to call 911
Is this not also part of the process of "peaceful ascendancy"?
On the basis of systematic analysis, the logical model of the on - call center is set up.
At Tsinghua University, Shen looks back on her first year back in Beijing and remains bullish on Chinese science.
"Recalling its resolution 66/182 of 19 December 2011 and all other relevant resolutions,
In VBScript, all variables are of type variant, that can store different types of data.
Comoros
In addition, UNHCR re-examined its inspection and evaluation capacities with the aim to strengthen and enhance the Office's ability to look critically at its operations.
 174. In the field of women in development, ECA focused its activities on economic empowerment of women and the enhancement of their role in the development process.
Article 25 The authorities in charge of military installations shall strictly implement the relevant rules and regulations for the protection of military installations, set up files on military installations and carry out inspections and ensure the maintenance of military installations.
Annex I
20. UNDP has developed a gender mainstreaming toolkit, with tip-sheets on `why and how'.
61. It is recommended that UNOCI support the sensitization programme for the redeployment of State administration to the north, as requested by the Ivorian authorities.
The adult literacy rate is no more than 64.6 per cent, while life expectancy at birth is one of the lowest in the world: 49 years for men and 52 years for women.
TOTAL, PART VIII
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly
We look forward, in cooperation with the rest of the entire membership, to carrying forward the process of restoring to the Assembly the role and authority envisaged for it in the Charter and, in so doing, to building on the advances that you have made.
The Global Corporate Volunteer Council of the International Association for Volunteer Effort develops resources, good practices and opportunities for collaboration for practitioners of employee volunteer programmes globally.
(e) Carrying out coordinated interdepartmental operational and preventive special-purpose measures and special operations for preventing, detecting and halting the activities of international terrorist organizations;
33. Powers of the Chairperson 13
:: Administrative penalties In the event of failure to comply with obligations incumbent on the aforementioned persons arising therefrom, articles 18 and 21 of the above-mentioned Act provide for a caution, official warning, prohibition on engaging in certain transactions or revocation of authorization;
The evaluation of financial aid and of the Equality Act have shown that the financial aid is effective and achieves its goal, and that this effectiveness could be further enhanced if enterprises were given access to these credits.
6.8 As to the alleged violation of article 14, the State party indicates that the complainant received the full amount of compensation ordered by the trial court and claims that the Convention has therefore not been violated.
The experimental results on tissue culture of Begonia clatior showed that using the leaves as explants was best.
Egypt
The placing of the relevant bullet point under that heading and its wording seem to ignore the discrimination and other serious problems that refugee and unaccompanied children can also experience in the absence of armed conflict.
18. Welcomes the efforts being undertaken by UNOMIG to implement the Secretary-General's zero tolerance policy on sexual exploitation and abuse and to ensure full compliance of its personnel with the United Nations code of conduct, requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary action in this regard and to keep the Security Council informed, and urges troop-contributing countries to take appropriate preventive action including the conduct of predeployment awareness training, and to take disciplinary action and other action to ensure full accountability in cases of such conduct involving their personnel;
Some Parties reported substantial hydroelectric power generation in their countries.
Nitrogen is the most commonly used gas.
:: Conduct of 19 training sessions for 600 PNC members on sexual violence
Argentina made recommendations.
Jsut be cause someone doesn't love you the way you . want them to , doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have .
G. Anti-corruption efforts
Romania
* As a result of the employment situation there was an increase in poverty as measured by the real purchasing power of incomes, although poverty measured by unsatisfied basic needs declined.
31. The United Kingdom Department of International Development has funded a new Land Information System Project to computerize land registration in Anguilla, to be installed by June 1998.
Theose tools respond both to both key governance dimensions of urban safety and to specific topical issues, such as gender violence and youth at risk.
The men were sweating heavily, and yet the air seemed cold.
Crédit Agricole
(a) Reports on national action programmes
1727 deaths
Munich Philharmonic
Emile Francis Short
The electoral process was concluded on 19 December, with the inauguration of the National Assembly.
Number of sustainable support organizations
115. In Costa Rica, a sustained effort has been made in general terms to ensure and improve the protection of minors against commercial sexual exploitation.
It is not established as a criminal offence to be in possession of weapons without a license.
Training of African Military Personnel in "Conflict Prevention, Human Rights and Peacekeeping"
This workshop was attended by experts from more than 19 countries and many members of WMM.
What time are we due to arrive?
2. Calls upon States to promote, especially during the Year, an environment conducive to the discussion, at the national and local levels, of the characteristics and trends of volunteer action in their own societies, including the major challenges which the Year can help to address, and to incorporate the subject of volunteering into high-level and other meetings and events during 2001;
The lawyer was disbarred from practice when he was round guilty of unlawful acts.
The abducted leaders were reportedly detained at the SLA-AW base in Kutum (15 km east of Nertiti) for trial.
58. Realizing the right to food must be a priority in Sierra Leone.
The Chinese delegation pledges you its full support in the discharge of your duty.
Through various measures, such as providing free farm tools and production capital, reducing and exempting agricultural and animal husbandry taxes, and issuing interest-free or low-interest loans, the Chinese government has made remarkable achievements in supporting the rural economic development of the areas inhabited by minority peoples (see Table 4).
Election of officers
Sulabh International (ii) From the Roster to special consultative status:
The effective involvement and coordination by all concerned stakeholders is seen as essential for achieving the aims of the Basel Declaration.
Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, fortieth session
(c) An annual meeting with donors and national committees to share the most interesting (or counter-intuitive) insights derived from research on children.
Tuesday, 9 October 2007, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The kitchen is huge, with copper pots and kettles hanging in rows on the stone wall-- the littlest casserole among them about the size of a wash boiler.
The top two results actually reflect what experts routinely cite as major reasons for divorce internationally.
We've been looking for a line of skin care to complement our cosmetics.
The team was open, however, to receiving any biomedical samples previously collected by the Syrian Government, which the United Nations Mission would authenticate through DNA tests.
There is also a lot to be said for making political argument more civil.
12. Also at the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.79, as orally corrected (see para. 15).
 On the basis of this list and following visits to the regions it selected in conjunction with the regional authorities the proposed districts for intervention by the Fund.
Comments and observations received from Governments
After several rounds of interview, I finally managed to secure this satisfactory position with sizable salary. " quoted from Evelyn."
164. The variance is attributable to the necessity of gaining the support and confidence of the population in the peacebuilding process in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo and to prepare for the drawdown of MONUC in the west.
This is that I am in course of clandestine transfer me to you loving your secret.
Specifically, and drawing from the 1997 report of the Panel of Governmental Experts on Small Arms (A/52/298, para. 27):
(c) International cooperation in the field of informatics;
Accounts Unit
When a report contains more than one draft resolution, delegations will have an opportunity to explain their positions before and after the General Assembly takes action on all of the draft resolutions.
Implementation of proper utilization of disposal yards and monitoring of external service contracts for the disposal of all obsolete and written-off material, including hazardous materials
However, there is no one in DPKO's Military and Civilian Police Division currently assigned to addressing these issues.
Evaluation of UNHCR's policy on refugees in urban areas: a case study review of New Delhi (EPAU/2000/04);
Belcher's Bay Link - Environmental Assessment Report - Volume 1  2
Dissemination of information on decolonization during the period from June 1999 to May 2000: report of the Department of Public Information
In a reflection of the evolving relationship between international brands and their Chinese distributors, Furla will pursue the expansion through a joint venture with Sidefame, the Hong Kong company that has long managed its distribution network in the region.
The Subcommittee further noted that Kazakhstan had established a national registry of space objects in 2006 and registered the first national geostationary communication satellite, KazSat, under the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space.
Both countries are gathering research to support their claim to Arctic territories that may hold vast natural resources and potential new shipping routes.
A. High-level segment: Economic growth and poverty reduction in the 1990s -
The Afghan Government's elaboration of a National Development Framework and Budget has been a key step in this process.
USA - in 2009, a provisional health advisory of 0.2 ug/L was set by the US Environmental Protection Agency.
D. Statement by the Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights on behalf of the High Commissioner for Human Rights 14 — 18 7
[Original: Russian]
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at UNITAR (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
I can empathize with your situation, but I can't help.
 Provision is also made for consultancy fee of $5,600 for a total of 20 days.
9. The year 2015 will be a critical juncture for future efforts to end violence against women and girls.
Adoption of the report of the Working Party to the Trade and Development Board
Enforcement of sentences
Later, Congress prohibited the practice, unless officials can demonstrate there may be a legitimate threat involved.
70 projects and feasibility studies
The scaling reason of BF gas washing water in Tiantie Group Corporation is analyzed and the chemical treatment technique is introduced.
-one member and one alternate member, appointed by the Director-General from a list proposed by the Staff Council comprising at least two designated staff members for each seat of member and alternate member, i.e. at least four nominees;
Villa Doria Pamphili
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index, which had climbed 63% this year in U. S. currency terms as of Thursday, has slid over the past two weeks.
(a) Facts and contentions The Ministry claims the sum of JD 1,676,000 for costs allegedly incurred during the period from 1 January 1991 to 31 December 1995 to construct six public facilities, including two juvenile centres and two rehabilitation centres, that served returnees. /
So she thinks she's going to become a doctor, does she ? Well, well.
I'm big enough to stick up for myself. I don't need your help.
Nuclear disarmament is still the top priority of the international community with regard to disarmament questions, and it is therefore towards that goal that the greatest efforts should be devoted.
Alex Cairns
 I turn now to some of the critical political issues on our agenda.
It decided to entrust those Consultations with choosing the topics to be discussed and with approving the provisional agenda for its sixth session.
I knew that most of the refugees weren’t criminals or crazy, but they were being portrayed that way in the press, and the screening process would build public support for those who did come in.
However, despite the Government's assertion to the Human Rights Committee that there are no limitations on religious practice, Article 68 also has provisions on drawing in foreign forces and harming the state or social order, provisions that could lead to potentially severe limitations that could easily result in the arbitrary application of the constitutional provision on "freedom of religious beliefs".
The vision for the development of the education system for Tajikistan is therefore to establish a system of education for the citizens of the country that provides universal access to quality education to all children and young people of the country and ensures equal opportunity and access to education for children with special needs, such as children from rural areas, children with disabilities and especially talented children, as well as gender parity at all levels of education.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Taye-Brook Zerihoun, Assistant-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
(e) Welcomed the invitation of the Commission to the standing open-ended intergovernmental working group on improving the governance and financial situation of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to reflect further on the working methods of the Commission and to present its recommendations on this issue at the next session of the Commission;
Children could not fully exercise their basic rights unless they were treated as subjects of law within a democratic framework.
Violet Parr
A/HRC/WG.6/15/BDI/2
Do you know where I can rent a room near the university
We have noted that the ACABQ has made quite a few observations and recommendations regarding DPA restructuring and staffing, which include improving DPA's HR strategy rather than simply increasing posts; using an integrated rather than country by country approach in the work of regional organizations; providing adequate information from the SG regarding the establishment of regional offices, while soliciting the views of member states in the regions concerned and explaining how coordination with the peace keeping operations, special envoys, and UN development agencies will be enhanced.
Mandate: GA res. 68/193, para. 15
In several countries, authorization is given automatically by the administration solely on the basis of a declaration by the user, who can initiate activity immediately.
It's great we have the opportunity to come in and give Christmas presents to the children and spend time with them and their families.
European nobility
Sister Ann said, I do not see anyone; no one is coming.
Good practices and lessons learned
Apportionment: $7,499,800; expenditure: $5,892,600; variance: $1,607,200
7. Expresses its appreciation for the leadership shown by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and commends the Office for its ongoing efforts, with the support of the international community, to assist African countries of asylum, including by providing support to vulnerable local host communities, and to respond to the protection and assistance needs of refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa;
The Committee also recommends that the Government set numerical targets for enrolment in primary education and that it report on the results of the implementation of such targets.
Article 24 People's governments at various levels shall take measures to guarantee and improve the working and living conditions of the professional scientific and technical personnel engaged in the work of agro-technical popularization, better their treatments and give subsidies to them according to the provisions of the State so as to maintain the stability of agro-technical popularization setups and professional scientific and technical personnel.
New oil pipelines are also being built and operated by the private sector.
The SBSTA, at its thirtieth session, requested the secretariat to prepare a report on the information required for using the performance indicators to support the review of the effectiveness of the implementation of Article 4, paragraphs 1(c) and 5, of the Convention, in accordance with decision 13/CP.1 and to regularly monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the implementation of the technology transfer framework, in accordance with decision 4/CP.13, and make it available for consideration by the SBSTA at its thirtysecond session.13 The report on information required for using the performance indicators is contained in document FCCC/SBSTA/2010/INF.3.
The provisions also provide for procedures for the emergency suspension or adjustment of operations.
New role for peacekeepers?
concerning Communication No. 1478/2006**
Voluntary contributions received from Governments are translated into United States dollars using the United Nations operational rate of exchange in effect on the date of payment.
At their best, they rely on social cohesion and conceptions of fairness to solve problems and maintain community harmony.
Convinced that the proliferation of nuclear weapons in all its aspects would seriously enhance the danger of nuclear war,
Rule 46
31. The SPLM (simultaneously with the Government) has given its commitment not to use anti-personnel landmines in the southern conflict zone and to cooperate with the United Nations in establishing mine-awareness programmes and demining activities in the south.
Should We Live to 1,000?
In a one-semester class one can only cover a fraction of networking topics and there are sure to be projects where the background material won't be covered in too much detail.
MONTREAL – There is widespread agreement on two facts about the Chinese economy.
27. The continued blockade, coupled with the devastation of the war, prevents any meaningful improvement in livelihoods, beyond humanitarian relief.
How do you digest it if nothing works?
= you did a good job.
I can assure him of the full cooperation of the Jordanian delegation to ensure the fulfilment of his mandate for the benefit of all peoples and nations.
Relevant precedents and latest developments
Czech Republic
We trust that the elections to be held next March will mark a decisive stage in efforts to consolidate democracy.
The monks bake bread by themselves.
19. In 1987, Law number 30/87 of 7 July approved the principles that govern military service, ruling that all Portuguese citizens must perform such service. Women were released from this obligation, and given the option of serving on a voluntary basis on patterns that were to be defined later on.
Progress Update of the Review of the Administration of Internet Domain Names in Hong Kong
ISSN 0257-0807
We found your friend Traveler in the museum...dead.
There was no record of my deposit atbank.
Love them without measure.
Two condemned prisoners were due to be executed but no one knew their language to hear their confession.
The steps of a good man are ordered by the LOR and he delighteth in his way.
Governments at all levels would invest and additional RMB 850 billion over three years; by 2011, basic medical insurance system would cover all urban and rural residents, and the maximum payment for medical insurance would be increased to six times the per capita income.
With the beginning of the heroine, Emily's death, the story reflected the full view of a small southern town in America.
Second, it could lift through free elections, without a Palou hardships in journeying;
Don't you think it's cool how I'm not Rubbing your face in how obviously wrong you were?
The representative of Argentina made a statement in the course of which he introduced and orally revised draft resolution A/56/L.12.
A total of $47.411 million was lent to farmers during 2003 to 2005, including 153 loans totalling $8.086 million to crop farmers; 314 loans ($28.47 million) to livestock farmers; 21 loans ($1.39 million) to pond fish farmers; 80 loans ($7.325 million) to mariculturalists and 14 loans ($2.14 million) to agricultural co-operative societies.
Given the Government's stated commitment to respect for the rule of law, and in line with his previous recommendations on the issue, he hopes such efforts will be accelerated and clear time-bound target dates for the conclusion of the review will be established.
PART III: SUPPORT BUDGET 79 - 111
(ii) Increased number of national mechanisms for the follow-up and implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action
The problem of hatchet man machine does not invite on the plane;
China is painted as a country burdened by unmoving bureaucracy, yet it gets things done – and on time.
Juvigny-le-Tertre
The bomber should be well clear of the explosion, if all went as planned.
:: Represented the unit in the Bank's Knowledge and Learning Board and in the Global Programs and Partnerships Council.
No one claims to have a definitive answer; instead the models test hundreds of different likely scenarios, then find the median result.
But it wasn't really worth paying seven dollars for a ticket.
The Wayle is a small river that cuts across the park near my home.
No, eleanor promised that I could be in the meetings With the buyers from bendel's and barneys today.
Why is this so? It is because we experience existence as a collective.
This has been stressed in the great green document on human rights and basic freedoms.
With limited human resources, there is no capacity to perform systematic, written evaluations of the functioning of the Committee.
In general this implied a common interest between UNCTAD and the concerned potential partner in the implementation of technical cooperation activities with a clearly defined end-product (for instance, the partnership between UNCTAD and the International Road Transport Union (IRU) for the improvement of transit transport monitoring systems), but it could also refer to a common interest in “thinking together” about development problems (for instance, the partnerships between UNCTAD’s BIOTRADE programme and the universities of Chicago and Rutgers).
The time period given to former AFISMA contingents to upgrade their equipment to United Nations standards or develop a credible programme to do so in a timely manner ended on 31 October.
1163 deaths
But now I'm living in the Bronx.
And the Music Center in Los Angeles.
Its success is measured by the extent of improvement in the quality of the price and national accounts data.
She would like to know if the Code was in conformity with the Convention and whether the Convention would prevail over domestic law in cases of discrepancy; and also if the Code included provisions on violence against women and the punishment and rehabilitation of the perpetrators.
 Once a rating is confirmed by the second-level reviewer it should be considered final and should be entered into the staff member's personnel file, subject to one of the three exceptions discussed below.
I-I just want to go give them all a hug.
New to the Civil Code is the duty of a husband/wife when selecting their work, study and similar activities, to take into account the interest of the family, partner and minor children who have not acquired full legal capacity and who lives with her parents in the family household, or other family members.
The bicycle doctor is doctoring my bicycle.
Leisure and Cultural Services Department, Liaoning Provincial Museum
Emphasizing that the enhancement of international cooperation in the field of human rights is essential for the full achievement of the purposes of the United Nations, including the effective promotion and protection of all human rights,
Status of implementation of recommendations of the Board for the financial period ended 31 December 2005
RESOURCE, ENERGY AND MINING COMPANIES
Sweep tillage is a low-impact method of plowing 4 to 5 inches into the soil.
16 July 1994
The climb stiffened as we neared the top of the hill.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in Mandarin and English.
All electrical equipment and materials are designed to meet anti-corrosion requirements in the plant.
10 a.m.-
In addition to the regular budget estimates, extrabudgetary resources for section 27 are estimated at $86,416,500.
The content thereof includes: the product's technical-economic parameters, service life, range of application, term of guarantee, methods for installation, methods of maintenance and conditions for storing, term of technical maintenance and repair, and other effective data concerning the design parameters of the product.
Total projected requirements (1+2+3)
Transient activation and breadth constraint are generally used to explain the mechanism of structural priming and speech errors.
Our motivations are the same as Milan. I don't know if Bellamy will play or if Crouch will play.
These socio-cultural and political divisions that are spread over naturally occurring physiographic divisions pose particular problems for spatial planning on the basis of the resource itself and have, in many instances, constrained planned development.
The meaning of security today differs substantially from what the founding fathers of the United Nations perceived it to mean 60 years ago -- and even from what we meant by it five years ago.
In that regard, the EU would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the President of the Council, Ambassador Hamidon Ali, as well as his predecessor, Ambassador Sylvie Lucas, for their role in steering the revitalization of the Council.
Un nouveau statut pour l'accusé dans la procédure du Tribunal pénal international pour l'ex-Yougoslavie, essays on ICTY procedure and evidence in honour of Gabrielle Kirk McDonald, Kluwer International, 2000.
10.45 a.m.-1 p.m.
Article 257-1 of the Criminal Code, entitled "Violation of the health legislation or regulations for the control of epidemics" refers to violations of the health legislation or regulations for the control of epidemics resulting in massive epidemics or poisoning.
:: Meeting officials of the Government of the Sudan and other Member States, national and international non-governmental organizations, substantive units of the peacekeeping missions in the region and civil society, community leaders, alleged victims and eyewitnesses of violations of resolutions 1556 (2004) and 1591 (2005), members of rebel movements and other stakeholders relevant to the Panel's mandate
At the opening of its new women's store in Paris last week, Ralph Lauren upped the ante on its notoriously expensive Ricky bag: It will now be available made-to-order in 20 shades of alligator skin, including platinum, 'vibrant cherry' or cobalt, and priced from $12,995 to $28,995.
To accommodate the increasing need for data communications between the Department and the Logistics Base, two additional leased line connections have been implemented and are supporting critical systems as well as disaster recovery activities.
Considering that the transfer by the occupying Power of parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies constitutes a breach of the Fourth Geneva Convention and relevant provisions of customary law, including those codified in Additional Protocol I to the four Geneva Conventions,
Data processing is the series of operations that are carried out on data.
(b) Civil society organizations and non-governmental organizations (4): The International NGO/CSO Planning Committee for Food Sovereignty, Oxfam, the Network of Peasant Organizations and Producers in West Africa (ROPPA), the International Movement of Catholic Agricultural and Rural Youth (MIJARC) as ad interim representatives until a global mechanism is established;
The successful hosting of the Beijing Olympics and Paralympics has showcased China's achievements in various fields and will further promote development and progress in our country.
6. Decides that during the preparatory process for the high-level meeting, the President of the General Assembly will organize informal interactive consultations with all relevant stakeholders of the World Summit on the Information Society, in order to collect their inputs for the intergovernmental negotiation process.
They formed social groups and to demand to vote.
Well, it's just I haven't exactly told lindsey about us Or the wedding.
Passive voice
This review should draw on the recent experience of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture, taking into account the differences both in the nature of the work and the size of the Fund.
(f) Deliver prevention programmes based on scientific evidence, both universal and targeted, in a range of settings (such as schools, families, the media, workplaces, communities, health and social services and prisons);
The line of design meticulously was wound in understanding other places of difficulty to a small electric spark.
But the principal told me that he was trying to persuade the school board to have the students take Chinese in future.
Investment decisions made by the country's fledgling sovereign wealth funds are approved in the Chinese capital.
It notes that, according to the author, the chances of finding Maamar Ouaghlissi alive are shrinking by the day; that his prolonged absence suggests that he died while in custody; and that incommunicado detention creates an exceedingly high risk of violation of the right to life, since victims are at the mercy of their jailers who, by the very nature of the circumstances, are subject to no oversight.
"You don't feel like shopping.
32/CP.7. Other matters relating to communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 21
Item 12 When the applicant get security service permit, they can go to AIC bureau for registration with it.
219. The Committee reiterates its concern that the failure to incorporate the right to strike in domestic law constitutes a breach of article 8 of the Covenant.
The initiatives described in the present paper must be encouraged, and the momentum that they have generated should be maintained.
The importance of international cooperation in human rights was recognized in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action.
Love is a babe; then might I not say so, To give full growth to that which still doth grow "
Although a gap still exists between men and women generally in the field of education, this gap is, nevertheless, gradually narrowing.
2. The terrain in Pitcairn is of rugged volcanic formation with a rocky coastline with cliffs lining nearly the entire perimeter of the island, nowhere giving easy access from the sea.
The bottom line is this legislation has been written too broadly and is threatening to impose far-reaching, negative implications on Virginia burley growers.
(p) Addressing the lack of timely, reliable and sex-disaggregated data, including through intensifying efforts to include women's unpaid work in official statistics, and developing a systematic and comparative research base on rural women that will inform policy and programme decisions;
22. The participants considered that the project to unify astronomical databases and to make combined information available to astronomical researchers and educators worldwide would create a very valuable resource for the international community.
A display case is filled with children's bags and backpacks, including a pink windmill.
Moral Risk: Problems and Challenge Faced by State-Owned Commercial Banks in Transformation
These mechanisms include establishing a standard approach to assessing the capacity of selected regional institutions for the delivery of technical assistance; the development of systems to identify and map technical assistance needs; and the development of monitoring and evaluation systems for technical assistance delivery and capacity-building.
Chapter IV on Compensation, Return of IDPS and Refugees in this Agreement sets out principles and processes for restitution of property and assistance for the full integration of the returnees into their communities, including restoring their rights to land property and compensating them for the damages and losses caused by the conflict.
Documents issued in the national institutions series
held in Bonn from 1 to 10 June 2009
2008: Employment statistics (proposed)
His sudden deafness was caused by long-time exposure to loud music, doctor said. The man gained back some of his hearing after treatment.
Mr. Alistair McGlone (Independent)
Early Monday, the U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers announced that it will file for bankruptcy.
The Government focuses on implementing a large number of initiatives aimed at a progressive realisation of the rights laid down in the CRPD.
The thesis started by discussing the delayed-choice experiment of Prof.
A/58/6 (Sect. 23)
She thinks she can push everyone around.
During the reporting period, the Working Group transmitted 418 newly reported cases of disappearance to 42 States.
The functional responsibilities of these offices are divided into representational, managerial and technical cooperation-related activities.
Every effort was also being made to complete the procurement process for the strategic deployment stocks within the current financial period.
35. A recent review of private sector participation experiences noted that private sector participation has not achieved the desired results, and examples of failure and difficulty in the private water sector are increasing.
Naval transportation
Girl meets boy, boy meets girl Fall in love, perfect world But if boy and girl never meet Then a perfect world can never be Come on, girl, I love you!
All of fire control products have passed tests and got related certificates, which are appraised by the Quality Control Center of the Ministry of Public Security.
So all the people whom Ishmael had taken captive from Mizpah turned around and came back, and went to Johanan the son of Kareah
However, it was regrettable that that instrument covered only 10 per cent of the global stockpile of cluster munitions.
(l) The right of every person and all peoples to a healthy environment;
Single Transferable Vote
Therefore, you decide to have a garage sale and help out other local businesses to raise money for your own store.
37. The Committee encourages its Executive Directorate to continue to focus on the implementation of resolution 1624 (2005), including by paying due attention to relevant issues, such as the role of new information and communications technologies, the promotion of dialogue, including at the national level, in order to promote tolerance, diversity and inclusiveness, the creation of strategic partnerships between Governments and non-governmental actors, the identification of roles for the victims of terrorism and the prevention of the subversion of institutions by terrorists and their supporters.
She serves on a jury.
The President (spoke in Arabic): I now give the floor to Mr. Nasser Judeh, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
2007-04-11 21:41 (Rights Group Says Yahoo Revealed Customer Info to Chinese Officials)     A press freedom group Reporters Without Borders says it has court documents confirming that Internet company Yahoo handed over information about Chinese cyber-dissident Li Zhi to Beijing officials in 2003
The seller sought payment of the sale price of an oven, while the defendant asserted warranty claims.
The SPM roll gap and pressure control system of Masteel's No.2 CGL are introduced.
Introducing the sub-item the Chair recalled that at its third meeting the Committee had reviewed a notification of final regulatory action on endosulfan from the European Community and had concluded that it met the criteria of Annex II to the Convention.
A year ago I was myself intensely miserable, because I thought I had made a mistake in entering the ministry: its uniform duties wearied me to death
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States to make every possible effort to ensure payment of their assessed contributions to the Mission in full;
2nd Iranian Conference On Science & Technology Parks And Incubators organized by Khorasan Science & Technology Park on 1-3 March 2005 in Mashad, Islamic Republic of Iran
The three thematic clusters are:
Parties also identified the need for a methodology to develop training materials and evaluate their effectiveness.
We see it in Julio Medina, a former inmate who leads a faith-based program to help prisoners returning to society.
As a representation of open source, Linux's function and performance are excellent.
Draft resolution for adoption by the Economic and Social Council
33. The view had also been expressed that placing the 2007 proposal of the Coordinator together with other proposals detracted attention from the focus the Coordinator's proposal required.
67. Peacekeeping efforts should be supported through the provision of adequate resources and concrete and clear mandates.
Clymenia
Preferential treatment in bidding accorded to selected countries: is provision for such treatment provided to other countries through regional or bilateral agreements?
Office of the Chief, Logistics Service Delivery
What about you? What do you value the most in your work or what do you seek to get from your current or future jobs?
III. Current Rates of Capital Grant
UNODC also trained social workers on communication and outreach work in the context of drug use and HIV prevention.
The Aid for Trade Initiative should be internationalized immediately so as to help the least developed countries address their supply-side constraints.
(b) To stop immediately the use of weapons, including landmines, against the civilian population, and urges in particular the Sudanese People's Liberation Army to abstain from using civilian premises for military purposes, recruiting child soldiers and diverting relief supplies, including food, from their civilian recipients;
Consequently, the presence of women in foreign populations grew slowly during the 1970s and most of the 1980s.
Having taken into account all information made available to it by the complainant, his counsel and the State party,
The proportion of poor households with children and with per capita disposable incomes below the subsistence budget declined from 36 per cent in 2002 to 9.7 per cent in 2007.
1. The present report is submitted in compliance with the request made by the General Assembly in its resolution 59/254 for the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report to the Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress achieved in implementation of and international support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system
'Many American adults cringe when they remember the unfortunate dresses and awkward dates from their own proms.
Tomatoes must be chockablock with antioxidants, then.
(ii) Operational activities in Africa.
Promise them renewed diligence in the cultivation of the soil, if they will render to you an equivalent for your services.
18. Skills profiles for incumbents should include the primary qualities or characteristics used to determine suitability and potential success in carrying out the work.
18. Aircrew subsistence allowance
Total revised estimate
" Everyone hastened to clarify that these answers were based on hunches, not experience.
Negotiation of a Convention on the complete prohibition of the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons;
Expert adviser to the Asia Crime Prevention Foundation and representative of the United Nations at the Foundation's various conferences in Tokyo (1992), Kuala Lumpur (1993), Manila (1994), Bangkok (1995), Seoul (1996), Tokyo (1997), New Delhi (1998), Beijing (2000) and Guangzhou (2001)
Continuing weakness in the Japanese economy will eventually hit the yen.
 Furthermore, initiatives have been taken to clarify the implementation of environmental impact assessment obligations of the Protocol in order to harmonize national practices on this matter.
While it is noted that the State party has discontinued intercountry adoptions, the Committee remains concerned at the absence of legislation, policies and institutions to regulate intercountry adoptions.
But everyone is everyone.
Could you direct me to the lavatory, please?
3 January 2014
26 April 2000
The research output will be linked closely to the provision of advisory services, training, workshops and lectures, with a view to improving human and institutional capabilities.
H.E. Mr. Gérard Araud
Thank you for telling me this.
663. To provide some sense of the demand for these services, statistics gathered from April 1, 1998, to March 31, 1999, show:
UNICEF assisted in the development of policy guidance for the CERF.
5. At the 13th meeting, on 17 October, the representative of Germany, on behalf of Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Haiti, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, the Russian Federation, San Marino, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, the Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America and Uruguay, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Objective information on military matters, including transparency of military expenditures" (A/C.1/60/L.42).
44. The group sees opportunities for further collaboration and cooperation with other expert groups and/or constituted bodies under the Convention, such as the LEG, the Technology Executive Committee, the Climate Technology Centre and Network and the Adaptation Committee.
But tens of thousands of fans lined the road outside Heathrow to get a final look at the plane that epitomized jet set glamour.
The Convention can be used as a basis for mutual law enforcement cooperation.
- Establishment of additional prohibitions such as making frozen funds available to individuals listed in the ministerial decree; providing services to such individuals; and carrying out or participating in operations to bypass freezing procedures;
25. In terms of reshaping the operation of the CST, by decision 13/COP.8, Parties decided that each future ordinary session of the CST should be organized in a predominantly scientific and technical conference-style format by the CST bureau, in consultation with a lead institution/consortium, which is qualified in and has expertise in the relevant thematic topic selected by the COP.
Allegations of hidden detentions, which have been systematically checked by ICRC and the United Nations International Police Task Force (IPTF), have in nearly all cases proven to be unfounded.
The Briefing will be held on Thursday, 20 November 2003, from 10 to 11.30 a.m. in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium.
Bay Parkway
He gave her an appraising glance.
He fished out a cigarette and lit up.
Increased instances of civil unrest during the reporting period reflect, at least in part, a loss of patience by the Haitian electorate with the status quo, in addition to the mobilization by some political actors of gangs and, at times, the general population to commit acts of violence.
), Climate Change refers to any change in climate over time, whether due to natural variability or as a result of human activity.
2. The Parties shall, individually and, where appropriate, jointly, take all measures to protect and preserve the ecosystems of the Incomati and Maputo watercourses.
At the same meeting, the Working Party adopted its provisional agenda (TD/B/WP/170).
It is therefore suggested that the first plenary meeting, on 28 October, be devoted to procedural matters (items 1 and 2) and the introduction of item 3.
 They voiced their full solidarity with Governments facing problems relating to the destabilization of national unity and the misuse for political purposes of the noble values on which their societies were based.
We have to place our trust in these multilateral mechanisms and reinvigorate them in order to accelerate multilateral negotiations on disarmament and non-proliferation.
Regarding the work programme of the Working Group, proposals submitted so far by groups of countries refer to a substantive examination of technology provisions contained in WTO agreements as identified in UNCTAD's Compendium of International Technology Agreements (Sales No. E.01.II.D.28).
The Acting President: In connection with agenda item 48, members will recall that the Assembly commemorated the fifteenth anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development under the agenda item at its 17th to 19th plenary meetings on 12 and 13 October 2009.
Though some routine practices have emerged as international capital markets have grown, they remain ad hoc.
List of submarine classes of the United States Navy
64. Under the Act of 20 June 1997 on the provision of pensions to citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan, since 1 January 1998, disability pensions have been paid out of the State budget in the form of a government disability benefit.
In the administrative area, the Unit's engagement is required to review real estate transactions throughout the country, procurement and personnel actions, among others.
99. Both the election laws and the Political Parties Law do not provide any quotas for women in electoral positions.
Assessor(Document Processing Centre)1
The United Nations should make special efforts to address the critical problems of the African continent.
Remove everything inside.Then wash the fish in clean water and rub salt into them.
Net domestic assets
The agreements between the parties provide a framework for mutual accommodation and cooperation. The parties should not lose this window of opportunity.
" "I've tried that lots of times.
The President of the Republic of Uzbekistan
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, dated 30 March 2012, on the nineteenth round of the Geneva international discussions (see annex).
(e) Development and implementation of situational and other crime prevention programmes, bearing in mind the need to avoid any infringement of civil liberties;
And close your eyes with holy dread.
It took five strong men to heave the statue up a ramp and lower it into place.
Major Programme E relates to the various support services needed to ensure the effective implementation of the Organization's substantive activities, while Major Programme F relates to the management of the VIC complex.
Mr. Font (France) pointed out that the word "final" appeared in the titles of model provision 17 and of legislative recommendation No. 26.
Italy's performance is particularly impressive.
When he does not love you, in the past whether he love later forgotten, or have never been whether love.
The State party is requested also to give wide publicity to the Committee's Views.
Ten of 21 branches of Dutch agribusiness, including horticultural seeds, ornamentals, seed potatoes, and veal, are among the top contributors to the national economy and the country’s trade balance.
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz
By promulgating voluntary education law, the Chinese Government has provided legal guarantee for the rights of all children to receive education.
On the basis of the phase saturation, the fuzzy controller determines the next phase.
OBJECTIVE To study the dissolution rate of fenoprofen calcium tablets and establish the quality control standard.
46. The forced entry into the United Nations building by a group of armed forces elements on 1 April compelled my Special Representative to approach national authorities, including the President, the Prime Minister and the military leadership, in order to clarify the situation and reduce the impact of the event.
Access to education would increase, as parents have the funds to send their boys and girls to school.
"(Ian Barlow)Ian Barlow, London senior partner at KPMG, the professional services firm, said an open approach to immigration would allow businesses to continue filling their skills gaps from overseas
We clearly need to do something so that our party and our people can make the right decision.
the Republic of Burundi
First sessional period in 2003: from 2 to 13 June
By analyzing the specialties of some big weapon equipment a design scheme based on LAN to solve the problem of operation training of dispersed operating platforms is presented.
Don't worry,you are protected.
Don't gawk at that pretty girl.
1 - 19 October 2012
So your influence will grow exponentially.
The fear of his own death overcame him and he began to moan again.
A new United Nations report says nearly two million children die each year because they have no access to clean water.
C. International law and national legal standards on the right to sanitation 40 - 44 12
She laid her hand on the latch of the door
Agree that each expert is allowed to include in her or his application a maximum of three disciplines and five thematic areas;
That humans, especially children, might empathize with an unjustly treated robot is perhaps not surprising—after all, children bond with dolls and action figures.
The General Assembly,
These trends have been accompanied by solid employment growth, which is welcome news, but cannot last forever.
:: Minimising educational costs, especially for girls;
4. The representative of Pakistan reiterated the views of some speakers that the United Nations was called upon to exert efforts for the peaceful settlement of long-standing political conflicts which endangered international peace and security and to address situations marked by socio-political injustices and repression as well as the denial of other legitimate rights of people.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/63/L.6
The Committee recommends that the State party establish its national human rights institution in a manner that is fully consistent with the Paris Principles.
It should further enhance the annual training programme for staff of the Government of the State of Palestine, paying special attention to the programme's gender balance, and optimize the use of resources to allow the maximum number of participants possible.
Nobody will know until Vista is more widely used.
Discussions were based on the Guide for the Implementation of the HNS Convention developed by the Funds' secretariat.
It was a clear clean morning with birds flying and triumphantly singing.
When you arrive at your destination, immediately hang up your clothes, ideally in the bathroom.
The college farm has solar - powered barns, gardens, fruit trees, greenhouses and animals.
page CONTENTS
2. Macroeconomic policy questions [91]
But to help our companies compete, we also have to knock down barriers that stand in the way of their success.
In draft decision I at its second session, approved by the Economic and Social Council in its decision 2003/300 of 25 July 2003, the Permanent Forum requested the organization of a workshop on the collection of data concerning indigenous peoples.
November- States parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction, eleventh session [article 11, paragraph 2, of the Convention]b
In the year 1700, about 60 million bison wandered freely in North America.
World War II national military histories
Chen Haofei, secretary-general of the TD-SCDMA Forum, the industrial forum promoting the Beijing-backed standard, said the state-controlled parent of China Mobile had already invited bids to supply around Rmb20bn in equipment for “trial” 3G networks in eight Chinese cities.
 Of special significance, and worthy of the full consideration of the Special Committee, is the presentation to the United Nations Special Committee on decolonization of Guam Legislative Resolution No. 299, unanimously co-sponsored by all the elected members of the 22nd Guam Legislature.
Sucrose, as an important raw material production and living materials, is irreplaceable strategic industries.
8. The final biennial support budget for 1996-1997 is contained in Part Three of E/CN/1997/14.
Criminals enjoy rest days, holidays and traditional ethnic festivals, in accordance with the state's unified regulations.
The overall objectives of UNHCR are to provide international protection to refugees and to seek durable solutions to refugee problems.
Starting on 6 April -- in two weeks' time -- after Member States have had the time to acquaint themselves with the contents of the report, we will hold informal consultations of the whole in New York and in their respective capitals.
(a) Ms. Katarina Tomasevski, Special Rapporteur on the right to education, introduced her report (E/CN.4/1999/49);
The Independent Expert has received a great many eyewitness reports and documents on the subject.
1. In its resolution 19/11, the Human Rights Council requested the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) to prepare a study on the work and employment of persons with disabilities, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, including States, the International Labour Organization (ILO), regional organizations, the Special Rapporteur on disability of the Commission for Social Development, civil society organizations, including organizations of persons with disabilities, and national human rights institutions.
She was as unmannerly as she had always been.
Rastorf
These agreements contain the Core Labour Standards as well but are only valid for the European plants of General Motors (Opel) and Ford of Europe.
Association of Refugees and Displaced Persons of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina
15. For the second commitment period, accountable anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions by sources and removals by sinks resulting from forest management under Article 3, paragraph 4, shall be equal to anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions by sources and removals by sinks in the commitment period, less [Y = length CP] times the reference level inscribed in the appendix15
Liu Ying
Seth Greisinger
18. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixty-ninth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
This paper analyzed the choices of calculation adhesion coefficient and traction electromotor it and through reasoning it introduced the significance in details.
All these studies gave negative findings.
:: The date and place of the next meeting must be established as soon as possible.
Whether accessed via cable television or the internet, video on demand is likely to grow.
20. As indicated above, I sought to make my consultations as inclusive as possible.
Variant design of dies CAD system based on assemble model
They changed every traffic light to get us here.
4-Acetoxy-MiPT
Declarations /reservations
Hand me two eggs from the refrigerator, and I"ll make you two fried eggs.
 For the final text, see Council decision 1995/243.
For many applications these simple ideas alone lead to a sufficient appraisal of the statistical error.
internal temperatures, and culinary associates know and understand the temperature for each
Section I. Evidence
The Committee notes that the State party has not made the optional declaration under article 14 of the Convention and strongly urges it to consider making such a declaration.
This example demonstrated how to read at VC in the binary file.
Annual session of 2014
Enhancing the engagement of youth in the work of UN-HABITAT
The ceremonial opening of the exhibition was very spectacular.
Herbert S. Okun (United States of America)
45. Presentations were made by the following panellists: First Secretary, Permanent Mission of Zambia, Chibaula David Silwamba; Minister, Permanent Mission of Switzerland, Tatjana von Steiger Weber; and Deputy Executive Director of Management, United Nations Population Fund, Anne-Birgitte Albrectsen.
The author contends that she could not attend her husband's trial that lasted for only two hours; that her husband was not assisted by a lawyer during the hearing and was not given an opportunity to question witnesses or to examine evidence in court.
The remaining 15% is mostly made up of extremely vulnerable people who are unable to return to their communities of origin due to poor health, lack of economic means or lack of support by the home community.
The issue of missing children is also of concern to the State.
819
No such information for PentaBDE is included in the POPRC risk management evaluation for PentaBDE.
8. Businesses, by gender of owner, 1997-2005
In that respect, he suggested that a future workshop might deal with sharing success stories, based on summaries of the experience of Member States.
Pooh! nonsense, mother! ' said the little father Jackal. 'Come, we'll run on a bit! '
These funds have also helped to acquire antiretroviral treatment, which has been made available free to persons living with HIV/AIDS.
23. The Working Group further notes that Mr. Jayasundaram has been detained without being charged before an independent judicial authority.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
D. Synergy with similar processes
The Commission's response to this request may be found in paragraphs 149 to 164 below.
One of the resource speakers is the Department of Science and Technology (DOST) Balik Scientist, Josefino C. Comiso, a senior scientist of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, United States of America.
In all instances, the Committee experts had sought, together with the Government representatives, to identify strategies for further action and to find solutions to the challenges of persistent discrimination against women.
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 7 February 2006, the Council/Forum began its consideration of agenda item 5 in the form of ministerial consultations on the two policy issues of energy and environment and tourism and the environment.
Ormehausen Peak
(b) Some delegations mentioned that a toolbox of best practices needed to be made available for public authorities, non-governmental organizations and businesses;
A woman puts all her stakes when she loves or hates.
In addition, in North and South Darfur humanitarian agencies verified the displacement of civilians from the villages of Abu Hamra, Linda and Umm Daraisiya (near the border between North and South Darfur) to Al Malam, Manawashi and Mershing in South Darfur.
Thus, the atmosphere is a fluid, single and non-partitionable unit, whereas airspace is a static -- and separable -- spatial domain.
The recovery framework included 11 joint projects, with a lead United Nations agency for each one.
Office of Legal Affairs
Primary LM
We must all rise to counter those deviant tendencies that promote destructive activities with serious implications for social stability, peace and development.
My uncle has a large family to keep
That has nothing to do with anything.
24. Political Affairs Officer (P-4), Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General (A/59/745, para. 7 (f)).
5. The National Educational Gender Policy and Strategy, issued in April 2005, ensured equal rights and opportunities for both sexes and addressed the current inequalities between boys and girls in access to education and performance, in line with the Millennium Development Goal of universal primary education by 2015.
3. Urges full exploitation of this opportunity, including by intensifying the momentum of the negotiations, improving the current atmosphere of trust and goodwill and engaging in the process in a constructive and open manner;
Indigenous knowledge systems are, however, subject to a variety of threats.
c.
In many countries, more and more companies are replacing people with computers.
In its submission of 21 April 2010, the State party disputes the view that it has violated the author's rights under the Covenant.
:: Promoting preventive control mechanisms, such as visits to places of detention by independent experts
When the Executive Director took office, UNOPS was faced with serious financial management challenges, poor staff morale, and weak credibility.
He did not love his grandfather much, as the latter's gayety and cynicism repelled him, and his feelings towards his father were gloomy
Original: English
Have I really seen God and remained alive after my vision?
Agenda item 140
Against: United States of America.
A pair of ordinary white cloth shoes, after the producers of " graffiti" , become a very conspicuous fashion shoes.
5. Situation in Kenya
Development of anti HIV-1 drugs based on inhibiting gp120 binding to CD4
Number of children and minors being raised in families:
(iii) Information-sharing mechanisms;
Material impoverishment is also associated with language and cultural loss.
It should be mentioned that the Syrian Arab Republic signed the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction in 1972, in addition to being a party to most of the conventions on the management of chemicals and hazardous waste, including the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal (since 1992), the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (since 2002) and the Rotterdam Convention on the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for Certain Hazardous Chemicals and Pesticides in International Trade (since 2003).
In responding to disasters, States, competent intergovernmental organizations and relevant non-governmental organizations shall respect and protect the inherent dignity of the human person.
119. The Committee encourages the State party to consider ratifying the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families (General Assembly resolution 45/158 of 18 December 1990).
4. Items for information
A review of the rules of procedure of the committees of the General Assembly (Section XIII in General Assembly rules of procedure) and the work methods of the Council since its inception suggests that there are either General Assembly rules which do not apply to the Council, or there are new practice/ practices derived from the Economic and Social Council or the former Commission on Human Rights, being used by the Council.
the Government, including any government department or other authority of the Government, any Minister or Parliamentary Secretary, any public officer and any member or employee of a public authority;
Elliott Belgrave
(b) The repatriation of refugees and displaced persons;
The development of UNIDO’s project and programme portfolio.
The Legislation Law of China has included provisions on legislative hearings.
VTs benefit from vocational training courses offered by employment offices, training programmes at reception centres, which report significant difficulties in finding them employment.
Highly-rated winger Hammill has been the subject of interest from Barnsley this summer but Leeds are hoping to beat their Yorkshire rivals to the player's signature.
Flexible packaging materials, cards and membership card production from waste plastics class are implemented for reuse.
The tie well with your suit.
Fifty-eighth year Letter dated 9 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
 The Council affirms its complete solidarity with the Palestinian people and calls for its resistance to be strengthened and supported by every means, particularly through Arab funds, in order to enable it to withstand expropriation and settlement;
(e) Except as otherwise expressly provided in paragraph (f) below and staff rule 13.1, if the necessities of service require that appointments of staff members be terminated as a result of the abolition of a post or the reduction of staff, and subject to the availability of suitable posts in which their services can be effectively utilized, provided that due regard shall be given in all cases to relative competence, integrity and length of service, staff members shall be retained in the following order of preference:
Maritime border
Undoubtedly he was one of the key components of Brazil winning their unprecedented fifth World Cup title.
The meeting rose at 6 p.m.
Article 3
So close was waiting, waiting here with you
The above-mentioned position has no foundation in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), which unambiguously guarantees the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
But elections hinge on shorter - term concerns.
I guess she didn't come here after all.
(a) Act No. 27/2008 on asylum;
This multipronged approach might include adopting a special law recognizing the rights of indigenous peoples, which had been developed with the effective participation of indigenous peoples based on the principle of free, prior and informed consent.
Also at the same session, the General Assembly decided to defer consideration of and action on the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, adopted by the Human Rights Council in its resolution 1/2, to allow time for further consultations thereon; and also decided to conclude its consideration of the Declaration, as contained in the annex to the resolution, before the end of its sixty-first session (resolution 61/178).
Even hopeless cooks find it hard to spoil new potatoes.
Section 2
A total of 24 accused are presently on trial and another 13 have appeals pending.
In this connection, UNDP draws attention to the biennial report of the Administrator on UNV, which is submitted to the Executive Board at its current annual session in document DP/2004/24.
UNHCR also participated in the plenary sessions of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee (IASC) and its Working Group, and derived particular benefit from the discussions on the following issues: the review of the Military and Civil Defence Unit; the Draft Guidelines for the use of Military and Civil Defence Assets in complex emergencies; United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination (UNDAC); the review and strengthening of the Consolidated Appeal Process (CAP); binding guidelines for the use of military assets for humanitarian convoys; the development of guidelines for Field Security Collaboration between United Nations and other actors; and inter-agency contingency planning.
CNs have also been measured in human placenta.
The High Commissioner also encourages more concerted efforts on behalf of OECD countries to reduce and remove distortions to trade - in particular export subsidies - given the inability of most other countries to offer similar protection for their populations.
Second, the question of foreign, and especially Russian, depositors – along with proximity to Syria – has turned the rescue of the Cypriot banking sector into an international relations problem.
Article 29 The expenses for compensation shall be listed in the fiscal budget of governments at all levels, the detailed rules of which shall be formulated by the State Council.
 The true fight is the fight for peace, for the security of all human beings and for the integrated development of the entire region.
induce the Government of the Republic to do or to abstain from doing any act or to adopt or to abandon a particular standpoint; or
Within five years, Rick had two younger brothers, and the Hoyts were convinced Rick was just as intelligent as his siblings .
China Press
Further recalling General Assembly resolution 50/126 of 20 December 1995 concerning water supply and sanitation,
Give the furniture a rub with the dust cloth before the guests arrive.
Recommendation 6
Capacity to analyse, assess and report on climate change impacts, and vulnerabilities
As home to more than half the world's people and a large share of its conflicts, Asia has a way of mugging unwary US presidents.
Amerasinghe, C. F. Local Remedies in International Law, 2nd ed. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2004.
That cooperation should be developed further.
Harry tore it open at once
* $420,000 for the Cheshire Home, Shatin to instal a ceiling hoist system in its Severely Disabled Unit and Infirmary Unit;
(vi) Methodology: States parties are required to report to the Advisory Board on their progress in implementing the Convention within a year after the entry into force of the instrument and thereafter on an annual basis through reports by national anti-corruption authorities to the Board.
The Committee is concerned that such customs and practices perpetuate discrimination against women, and are reflected in women's disadvantageous and unequal status in many areas, including in public life and decision-making, and in marriage and family relations, and the persistence of violence against women, and that so far, the State party has taken ad hoc, rather than sustained and systematic, action to modify or eliminate stereotypes and negative cultural values and practices.
It is a new type of up jarring tool used in oilfield , geological exploration and drilling operation.
A report to ILO was presented in 2000.
:: A database management and match-making software for institutions promoting industrial partnerships and supply chain management, both in industrialized and developing countries;
(i) Communicating proposed amendments to the Convention (articles 21 and 22).
Mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the missions with the necessary financial resources to enable them to fulfil their responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
Based on its findings regarding Sissa's claim, the Panel recommends no compensation. THE CLAIM OF ALEXANDRIA SHIPYARD COMPANY
The agreements reached expressed the pleas of peoples affected by climate change.
At the beginning we made an oath that as grown-ups we should have a sense of responsibility for our society.
Angola
We consider such abstentions as a rejection of the language and unbalanced formulations contained in operative paragraph 7.
However, the person who attacks other countries mostly like to be thought as a human rights warrior.
Report
There was an obvious limitation in moisture accumulation and moisture retention by single-row ridge and tectorial cultivation during whole growing period.
12. Urges all States, directly and through their action in the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, to provide moral and material assistance as needed to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, and requests the administering Powers to take steps to enlist and make effective use of all possible assistance, on both a bilateral and a multilateral basis, in the strengthening of the economies of those Territories;
Contributing effectively to policy dialogue involves analysis, creative reflection and collating lessons learned to provide sound technical inputs.
The Government of Bolivia has ratified Conventions 182 and 138 of the International Labour Organization, dealing with the worst forms of child labour and the minimum age for admission to employment.
This review focuses on the location, origin and regulatory mechanism of HOC.
You might say such a person, " was born with a silver spoon in his mouth . "
At the same time that we are scaling up our development assistance, we are strongly supporting the principles of aid effectiveness as defined in the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness and in the European Consensus on Development.
13. Further to paragraph 3 above, the requirements for the biennium 2008-2009, estimated at $74,300, will be considered in accordance with the procedures established in General Assembly resolutions 41/213 and 42/211.
The successful implementation of the project on empowering urban women entrepreneurs through housing development and land rights will contribute directly towards improving the living standards of slum dwellers.
The reason for this rare example of international cooperation is that the European Code of Social Security is based on the ILO Social Security (Minimum Standards) Convention, 1952 (No. 102).
As the President of France emphasized at the opening meeting of the current General Assembly session, it is desirable for the Security Council's legitimacy that its composition better reflect the state of the world.
In the same paragraph, the end of the sentence, “which include the process of reviewing the implementation of the Convention in States whose reports are seriously overdue” should be deleted.
(f) Election procedures for the Permanent Committee on GIS Infrastructure for Asia and the Pacific
17 January 2009
It is not illegal.
Buy long - life energy - saving light  bulbs  and other energy - smart products.
The world outside the meeting room would judge the outcome of the work of the States parties to the Convention in 2003 in terms of their will to address the problem seriously.
Department of Peacekeeping Operations -- 2014
So just double check to make sure that you have the right recipient.Using one email address for everything that you do.
Dear Babies, on the orders of God is a mystery, untie it takes time.
Later they scheduled their first meeting-7:00 pm at Grand Central Station in New York.
Mr. Takeshi Seto, First Secretary, Permanent Mission of Japan to the United Nations Office at Geneva
Eighteen months ago, the City of London was riding high.
Joint initiatives of the Collaborative Partnership on Forests have contributed significantly to various global policy processes.
No, the only family I have is my mother, and you had me murder her.
Master of Science in Earth Sciences specializing in Applied Geophysics, CICESE Baja California, Mexico
They're in no position to demand anything.
Lebanon field office
However: on the day that Einstein died, Ralph Morse was able to take a few quick photographs of Dr. Harvey at the hospital.
"Tell Aaron and his sons to be careful with the holy gifts of the sons of Israel, which they dedicate to Me, so as not to profane My holy name; I am the Lord.
My delegation shares the legitimate concerns of the international community over the increasing threat of the spread of small arms and light weapons and the illegal trade in them.
He is the kind of man of ideal thought.
Buffett's gathering featured his wife's band and a birthday cake shaped like a six-pack of Pepsi. (It was Buffett's favorite quaff before he became a shareholder in Coca-Cola and switched brands.)
This paper introduces the automatic water feed system with speed adjusted by frequency converter.
World Health Organization framework convention on tobacco control
The system for calculating the pension varies depending on the seniority for contribution purposes, in accordance with three criteria:
He thrashes around as if fighting the bedclothes. He punches the wall or knocks things off the bedside table.
Last year, it announced that it would make contributions to the Cool Earth Partnership amounting to $10 billion over the next five years, and it is fulfilling that commitment.
Indonesia
53. Requirements for the period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013 are based on standard reimbursement rates for major equipment (wet-lease) and self-sustainment in the total amount of $112,073,500 as follows: Estimated amount
It has promoted the development of new enterprises in agribusiness, marine resources, forestry, the environment and chemistry.
 It is also clear that the decision we have taken today has implications not only for Somalia, but also for other countries of the region.
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of this post for the Aviation Safety Unit.
class='class1'>Tom'class='class2'>s class='class3'>whole class='class4'>class were of class='class5'>a class='class6'>pattern -- class='class8'>restless, class='class9'>noisy, and class='class11'>troublesome.
In this regard the reference is made to the initial report of Georgia.
How to build a conformable supply chain model to provide decision support with quantitative method is an interesting topic deserved study.
Outside the capital's main hospital on Wednesday, armed guards in tanks kept out mobs.
He explained to the receptionist and got to know where the couple stayed.
Fathi Hassan
(c) MFN in the GATT and the WTO (Mr. D.M. McRae) 362. This paper provided an analysis of the way in which MFN had been interpreted and applied in the context of GATT and WTO agreements, focusing more on the practice in relation to WTO agreements and in particular the interpretation of those agreements through WTO dispute settlement.
"Listen, I know you're going to marry my brother.
In the same month, consent was given for works to start on 21 building projects, which will provide on completion 44,886 square metres of usable domestic floor area and 13,983 square metres of usable non-domestic floor area.
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of this section.
J. Kanyabashi
The IAEA has developed the TC programme over the last five years to take into account the support that can be garnered through strategic frameworks for regional cooperative planning in Africa, Asia, Europe, and Latin America and the Caribbean.
The Committee also expresses its appreciation to the State party for its written replies to the list of issues and questions raised by the pre-session working group.
This factory be subordinate to belongs to Guangdong head nonferrous metal company.
10. The Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Office of Internal Oversight Services have cooperated closely in the handover of all investigations for category I misconduct allegations, including sexual exploitation and abuse, to the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
34. Namibia will take over as Chair of the Kimberley Process from 1st January 2009.
India has been consistent in its stand that proliferation concerns regarding materials and technologies relating to advanced weapons systems and weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery are best addressed through multilaterally negotiated, non-discriminatory agreements which are transparent and open to universal participation.
Preventive maintenance programme was implemented with 27 major breakdowns/service interruptions during the period
China's Output and Import of Crude Oil Up in the First Five Months
But, do you know what
We sincerely hope those efforts yield the desired results soon.
There is so much to see and do
(Phil Villarreal of the Arizona Daily Star wrote that he was even ordered to return his DS gaming device to his car.
For you write down bitter things against me and make me inherit the sins of my youth.
The procedure will enter into force if the COP/MOP confirms that the Board may do so.
:: Voluntary Fund for the International Decade (Assembly resolution 48/163).
Well, you've got three rooms and a bath, so... four.
It is hardly understandable for the IAEA secretariat to insist on selecting and preserving some of the fuel now, although it will be able to get the most correct results if it measures all the fuel at that time.
The balance of unpaid contributions with respect to the overall budgets of the Tribunal (1996/97 to 2003) therefore amounts to $1,708,091.
The survey confirmed that convicted inmates made up 30 per cent of the total and pretrial inmates 70 per cent and that this was mainly due to deficiencies in the interactions between prison administration and judicial authorities.
Accordingly, I should be grateful if the General Assembly would explicitly authorize the Executive Board of INSTRAW to meet in accordance with its request, subject to the conditions referred to above. (Signed) Nonye Udo
On 7 December 2001 the Executive Council of the Organisation unanimously adopted a decision (EC-XXVII/DEC.5), which provides guidelines for OPCW to focus its contribution to the global anti-terrorist efforts, in the context of the Chemical Weapons Convention, in several main areas.
248. The Board reported weaknesses in the Investment Management Division related to investments in unrated assets, the review of year-end manual adjustment of investment accounting records and the valuation of real estate investments.
It can be driven completely by the chemical energy of the reactions.
(d) To improve its contact with space agencies;
Each people make ready especially anticipation and excited, prepared the respective baggage to prepare to embark!
 Maintains liaison with the Office of Legal Affairs regarding publication of the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs;
Publications : Results of research work carried out by staff of the Observatory are presented in international conferences, published in scientific journals and printed in departmental technical notes.
On the Influence of Antithesis, Parallel Prose and Regulated Verse upon Antithetical Couplet
Since the success of the peace processes in Central America, that reference has not been included for more than a decade.
About one out of every five districts has no secondary school.
55. The expansion of Israeli settlements, the wall and the Israeli military operations have severely restricted the ability of Palestinians to access their natural resources, namely water, land and energy, as well as adversely affected the environment, for example through the depletion of water resources and the deterioration of the quality of those resources.
Australia shares its experience with neighbouring countries in the safe application of nuclear science and technology through arrangements such as: the Regional Cooperative Agreement for Research, Development and Training Related to Nuclear Science and Technology for Asia and the Pacific; the Forum for Nuclear Cooperation in Asia; the IAEA technical cooperation programme; and other IAEA programmes.
The rate for male infants was 23.6 per 1,000 live births, slightly higher than the corresponding rate for female infants (20.8 per 1,000).
Ambassador
(f) Results and outcomes and adherence to the criteria and requirements built into the risk and control management process should be independently assessed and evaluated;
China consistently holds that economic development should be coordinated with environmental protection; protection of the environment is a common task for mankind, but the economically developed countries should take more responsibility in this respect.It always maintains that the strengthening of international cooperation should be based on respecting national sovereignty, the protection of the environment and the spurring of development can not be done without peace and stability in the world, and both practical interests of various countries and long-term interests of the world should be considered in handling environmental problems.
 Moreover, for each operation a consultation committee should be created in which troop contributors, the members of the Security Council and the Secretariat can meet at regular intervals.
Social and human rights questions
A focus on youth is needed to reduce impact in the future.
91. Since 2008, the GDGS has been gathering and using data on human trafficking in a scientific manner, noting nationality, complaint, result, final processing.
Nationality
There was clearly a need, as noted in paragraph 71 of the report, to strengthen the partnership between the least developed countries and their development partners.
Brisbane City Hall
This 56.4% of complete families could be further subdivided by economic activity into 40 % of those in which the woman was economically active, and 16.4 % of those in which the woman was a housewife (at the time of the Census).
The Preview date has not arrived all the audience come from?
for in one hour is she made desolate.
41. In relation to the Report of the Board of Auditors to the General Assembly on the Accounts of the Voluntary Funds Administered by UNHCR for the period ended December 1998 (A/AC.96/917), the Director drew attention to the principal recommendations of the Board as found in paragraph 12 of its Report.
Why did this crisis occur in Bolivia?
Specify the central server from which log shipping will be monitored.
The concentration of defenders in Skopje limits their capacity to do human rights monitoring at the local level (paragraph 15).
As regards child and infant mortality, the mortality rate for children under the age of five declined from 170 per 1,000 to 98 per 1,000 and the infant mortality rate from 104 per 1,000 to 70 per 1,000 between 1995 and 2005.
The official was Feng Li, the royal
 7. At the 48th meeting, on 21 July, the Vice-President of the Council, Mr. Denis Dangue Rewaka (Gabon), read out revisions to the draft resolution which had been agreed upon during informal consultations.
Art museums and galleries in Canada
Substantially larger amounts of official assistance to least developed countries would be urgently needed, if they were to achieve the goal of eradicating extreme poverty by 2015 and achieve sustainable development and sustained economic growth.
It indicated that the review of Tonga, which has no representation in Geneva, raised the question of the contributions by small islands.
This research will be able to expand scholarly understanding on the dissemination of Chinese and Japanese art in the early 20th century.
UNAMI accepted the OIOS recommendations and stated that it would take action to remedy the identified problems.
136. Since the adoption of the current Constitution, Venezuela has been undergoing a peaceful and democratic revolution based on the teachings of the Liberator Simón Bolívar; respect for sovereignty and self-determination; the active involvement of the people; the promotion, protection and realization of human rights; the consolidation of a multipolar world; and the search for greater happiness, a better quality of life and buen vivir for Venezuelans.
Further consult the national report submitted to ILO on the implementation of International Labour Convention No. 111 on discrimination in employment and occupation of 1999 (appendix II) and 1997 (appendix II).
(v) In procurement involving classified information, any requirements imposed on suppliers or contractors for the protection of classified information pursuant to paragraph 4 of article 24 of this Law; and
Main concept is the company of feeder collaboration in control of of capital and labor.
8. The situation in Liberia (22 January 1991; 20 March 2014).
Background information on the integration of the economies in transition into the world economy (pertaining to item 89 (e) of the provisional agenda of the General Assembly) is available at the following address: www.un.org/esa/policy.
About 1820 or 1821, Madame de Genlis, who was at that time editing a little periodical publication called l'Intrepide, asked to be allowed to enter the convent of the Petit-Picpus as lady resident.
On the shortcut menu, select the register groups you want to show or hide.
The Personnel Management and Support Service in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations should provide support in order to expedite the recruitment of personnel and the filling of vacancies.
Audit the front desk on daily basis of room rates, deposits, city construction fees, telephone charges and bills from checkout guests.
The United Kingdom introduced workplace pension reforms in 2012, automatically enrolling all workers not yet part of any scheme.
(l) Enhancement and continued development of performance data for both internal requirements and the various oversight bodies;
They called upon all States in a position to do so, to consider providing the necessary financial, technical and humanitarian assistance to unexploded cluster munitions clearance operations, the social and economic rehabilitation of victims as well as to ensure full access of affected countries to material equipment, technology and financial resources for unexploded cluster munitions clearance.
That commitment was reflected in the proposed programme budget for the bienniums 2000-2001 and 2002-2003 under section 27G and were subsequently endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolutions 54/249 of 23 December 1999 and 56/253 of 20 December 2001, whereby the Assembly approved the proposed increases in the level of resources for the administration of the Office.
The former urged all parties directly concerned in the matter to enter into negotiations on new arrangements designed to replace the 1953 Korean military armistice agreement and to reduce tension and ensure lasting peace on the Korean peninsula.
5. Underlines the importance of supporting and advancing research in improving and diversifying crop varieties and seed systems as well as supporting the establishment of sustainable agricultural systems and management practices, such as conservation agriculture and integrated pest management, in order to make agriculture more resilient and, in particular, to make crops and farm animals, including livestock, more tolerant to diseases, pests and environmental stresses, including drought and climate change, in a manner consistent with national regulations and relevant international agreements;
Article 3.The State Council shall exercise the functions and powers prescribed in Article 89 of the Constitution.
As far as I am concerned, the spreading of foreign culture in our society is not a bad thing.
Moreover, there was no meaningful evidence that climate change contributed to, or was responsible for, changes in the conditions of the mesosphere or thermosphere.
Fertility may be damaged or lost.
The result show that, it could be effectively increase yield and improve quality of casting.
- A total embargo on the export to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea of dual-use items listed under Council Regulation (EC) No. 428/2009 and of other items which could contribute to its nuclear-related, ballistic missile-related or other weapons of mass destruction-related programmes;
Ash and friends reach Goldenrod City, where Ash hopes to earn his next gym badge.
“(a) United Nations Disarmament Information Programme;
We are fully capable of defeating the competitors nowt.
By the count of ten the blossom had congealed into a great flying creature, the form of a hell-maiden in full regalia.
If you use the bath house with the bath adjacent walls, waterproofing paint height also higher than bathtubs , some along.
Beware, it could hurt if thrown with great vigor!
My delegation wishes to speak now, as coordinator of the focal points of the nuclear-weapon-free zones, with reference to the second Conference of States Parties and Signatories to Treaties that Establish Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones.
During all the early periods of their development, mirrors were rare and expensive.
You Artur, the leader of the glorious knights of round table.
In resolution 1302 (2000), this suspension was extended for a further 180-day period and the allocation transferred to (i) above. In resolution 1330 (2000), the allocation of a maximum of $10 million every 90 days was reinstated from 6 December 2000.
According to the occurrence time of regulation unconscious expressive suppression was earlier than unconscious cognitive reappraisal.
In a LAN using a bus topology, a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters.
Initial CRC-OP-SC report overdue since 2005 and initial CRC-OP-AC report overdue since 2011. CRPD
105.9. In accordance with recommendations made by CEDAW, take all appropriate measures in order to eliminate all forms of discrimination against rural women and harmful traditional practices (Luxembourg);
Subsequently, an analysis titled Long-Term Health Problems and Their Impact on Work Activity was published (ad hoc module results 2002).
Longqing Emperor
People born in 1983, 1984 or 1985 and who hold existing identity cards must apply for smart ID cards from today (May 29) to July 8, 2006, under the Hong Kong Smart ID Card Replacement Exercise.
Currently, about 1,100 students from 46 African countries are in China with scholarships provided by the Chinese government.
Its current budget is estimated to be US$ 511.9 million, of which US$ 385.6 million remain to be raised.
During World War II Dad was drafted9 and went off to war, leaving behind Mama and three kids.
In this regard, the Mission will enhance its contingency planning, to ensure that it is able to optimize its response capacity.
But I was too tired to work, you know.
P-2/1
Note by the Secretary-General on the appointment of members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
Newsletter: Mine Action Support Group Newsletter, April-June 2006: "Funding for mine action through the UN Trust Fund for Human Security".
The development of a Strategic Framework for Burundi was one notable example.
Additional international resources are required to help countries adapt to, and mitigate, the ongoing effects of climate change, empower people, build a safer and more secure world, and support countries in transition as well as those affected by natural disasters.
The International Commercial Arbitration Association of France is well - know for its impartiality.
The little girl stretched out both her hands towards them, and out went the match.
Moreover, the international community must now match the efforts made by African leaders within the context of NEPAD.
Agathocles of Bactria
As for the rest, the draft still contains by no means negligible specific elements relating to the regime of responsibility for crimes that justify the distinction made in article 19 ...
20. The requesting State Party may require that the requested State Party keep confidential the fact and substance of the request, except to the extent necessary to execute the request.
It's disturbing,but you get accustomed to it.
There are six of us----grandfather, father, mother, two sisters, and m
Decision OEWG-VI/3 is contained in annex I to the present report.
Its recommendations thereon will be transmitted to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session, when it will consider the proposed strategic framework for the period 2012-2013.
And, in fact, real war has actually broken out over football.
Accordingly, the conditions and criteria for the granting, renewal and withdrawal of permits for migrants are decided specifically in each situation.
 82. No provision is made under this heading.
She knew everybody in his social sphere, which was equally hers, but Jennie did not.
His request for suspension of the briefing schedule was also based on the ground that new materials he discovered after trial required translation.
The cruel serf - owner put out the serf's eyes.
Canadian Council of Ministers for the Environment
37. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
Sixty-sixth session
(a) Take measures to ensure the effective implementation of legislation recognizing the right of children to express their views in relevant legal proceedings, including by considering establishing systems and/or procedures for social workers and courts to monitor compliance with the principle;
RSIS Regional Strategy on Information Society
In some cases the cost of mobilising additional mercury sources would be a major consideration.
Did you wish to see me?
GAD
Planets move around the sun, but they do it naturally and without effort.
Exodus 3118 says, And he gave unto Moses, when he had made an end of communing with him upon mount Sinai, two tables of stone, written with the finger of God.
9. In the absence of effective immigration policies by States, increasing numbers seeking to gain access to industrialized countries have resorted to illegal channels, and many have attempted to use the asylum system.
Key indicators, including education, health, nutrition and sanitation, population issues impact in a fundamental way on capacity-building.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and to the special session of the General Assembly entitled "Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century": implementation of strategic objectives and action in critical areas of concern and further actions and initiatives
Recognizing also the importance of the participation of women at all levels of decision-making throughout the United Nations system for the achievement of gender equality and the realization of the human rights of women,
In its resolution 51/60 of 12 December 1996, the General Assembly approved the United Nations Declaration on Crime and Public Security, annexed to that resolution.
The Assembly also decided that requests for exemption under Article 19 must be submitted by Member States to the President of the Assembly at least two weeks before the session of the Committee so as to ensure a complete review of the requests.
In the first place, any scientific study requires that there be no preferential weighting of one or another of the items in the series it selects for its consideration
He requested additional information on that matter, particularly as to the extent of the loss and the prospects for improvement.
Development cooperation
They were happy to see her, but as teenage boys, they were not adept at expressing tender emotions.
However, this method does not reflect these liabilities and is not considered a sustainable modality for financing these costs since the latter are only reflected as expenses when the payments are made, when the staff member separates or has retired.
74. The massive voter education campaign carried out in preparation for South Africa's first fully democratic elections, although concentrated in urban and peri-urban areas and often limited to explanations of the voting procedure, reached the majority of the electorate.
Carrie had read of it often in the Morning and Evening World
The Council of Ministers shall issue, based on the recommendation of the Minister for Justice, regulations on the provision of an authorized attorney to defend an insolvent or poor person.
We had to drive very slowly because of the fog.
40. Conduct of elections for filling one elective place 19
In silence we filed into the border immigration office and sat cross - legged on the rush - matted floor.
Why We Blink Without Noticing Scientists have figured out why we rarely notice our own blinking.
389. The Committee notes the absence of any significant factors or difficulties preventing the effective implementation of the Covenant in Luxembourg.
Having consulted the members of the Council, I wish to inform you that they have taken note with certain reservations of the intention expressed in the letter with respect to your proposal on alternate means of financing of the Special Court and that they request the United Nations Secretariat, the Management Committee and the Registrar and other senior officials of the Special Court to intensify their efforts to balance the budget and fund the activities of the Special Court through voluntary contributions.
70. A number of measures were implemented to further enhance consultations with Member States, thereby strengthening arrangements for planning, management and oversight of missions.
Table 6.
Non-Bahraini female 20 and below
First, we turn to material, understand the sold eye drops and the types of applicable people.
It also considers it important that the distribution of available resources within the Office should be balanced; that best United Nations practice should be followed in the recruitment of staff; and that the professionalism and impartiality of the staff should be of the highest standard if the Office is to achieve its full potential in strengthening human rights protection worldwide.
As the United States interest in the area had been mainly military, the Territory was placed under the jurisdiction of the United States Navy.
590 (Gramoxone(R) Super) General
I've made new friends, toomy best friend is a girl from high school who didn't do drugs or drink.
3. Consideration in the context of the obligation not to frustrate the object of the treaty or to impair its eventual performance
554. At the 62nd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the representative of Mexico introduced draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.94, sponsored by Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Kenya, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Senegal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the Sudan, Sweden, Switzerland, Uganda, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Uruguay and Venezuela.
These yellow filtering layers can be made with either colloidal silver or specific yellow dyes and in some cases with mixture of both.
23. NAP-related land-based integrated approaches can bring a win-win approach for all conventions, as the combined efforts can be mainstreamed in PRSPs and Development Assistance Frameworks.
19. The Chairperson introduced draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.45, which was being submitted by Ms. Santizo-Sandoval (Guatemala), Vice-Chairperson of the Committee, on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.15.
In the Preamble to the Charter of the United Nations, Member States reaffirmed their faith in the equal rights of men and women and of nations large and small.
Senegal supports multilateral cooperation for the promotion and maintenance of international peace and security just as it supports the principles governing disarmament and arms limitation.
He said around 20 dead cats added into the mix could help produce enough fuel to fill up a 50-litre tank.
If you cannot give freedom to the person you love, to whom can you give freedom?
In past recommendations, the Secretary-General has therefore encouraged States to recognize the need for strengthened coordination mechanisms and management.
1. Developing a comprehensive land-use strategy
The international force would require aviation support for combat operations in northern Mali, which would need to be provided by a troop-contributing country or partner.
 Indeed the Decade should serve as a framework for local and community events and projects to be undertaken by indigenous people.
Pitt accepted a second term despite his failing health, possible alcoholism and limited support in the Commons.
14. The Committee remains concerned that the divisions among Palestinian factions profoundly affect the legitimate Palestinian national interests and aspirations for statehood and peace, and calls for reinvigorated efforts by all concerned parties to help reconcile their positions on the basis of the prevailing consensus on the need to achieve the two-State solution, which would lead to the end of the Israeli occupation and the exercise by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights.
En route, Sophia studies videos of her opponent’s past matches, while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party.
The political will in that regard was demonstrated by the international gatherings held for designing the best possible strategy to prevent the further expansion of transnational criminal activities and by the instruments such as the Naples Political Declaration and Global Action Plan.
53. Countries are in need of different types of means of implementation to achieve sustainable forest management and to effectively implement the forest instrument.
The situation in the Middle East (see S/7913, S/7923, S/7976, S/8000, S/8048, S/8066, S/8215, S/8242, S/8252, S/8269, S/8502, S/8525, S/8534, S/8564, S/8575, S/8584, S/8595, S/8747, S/8753, S/8807, S/8815, S/8828, S/8836, S/8885, S/8896, S/8960, S/9123, S/9135, S/9319, S/9382, S/9395, S/9406, S/9427 and Corr.1, S/9449, S/9452, S/9805, S/9812, S/9930, S/10327, S/10341, S/10554, S/10557, S/10703, S/10721, S/10729, S/10743, S/10770/Add.4, S/10855/Add.15, 16, 23, 24, 29, 30, 33, 41, 43 and 44; S/11185/Add.14-16, 21, 42/Rev.1 and 47; S/11593/Add.15, 21, 29, 42 and 49; S/11935/Add.21, 42 and 48; S/12269/Add.12, 13, 21, 42 and 48; S/12520/Add.10, 11, 17, 21, 37, 39, 42, 47 and 48; S/13033/Add.2, 16, 19, 21, 23, 34, 47 and 50; S/13737/Add.15, 16, 21, 24-26, 33, 47 and 50; S/14326/Add.10, 11, 20, 24, 28, 29, 47 and 50; S/14840/Add.8, 21-25, 27, 30-33, 37, 42 and 48; S/15560/Add.3, 21, 29, 37, 42, 45, 47 and 48;
10. Urges the Special Rapporteur to continue to undertake, in consultation with the relevant United Nations bodies and organizations and secretariats of relevant international conventions, a global multidisciplinary and comprehensive study of existing problems of and solutions to illicit traffic in and dumping of toxic and dangerous products and wastes, in particular in developing countries, with a view to making concrete recommendations and proposals on adequate measures to control, reduce and eradicate these phenomena;
Is there any other use to exploration and science, other than just a sense of wonder?
In so far as India is concerned, we have fared much better than others, though we are also affected and our growth rates have come down from the nearly 9 per cent average of the past four years to 6.7 per cent in 2008-09.
It further asked about plans to support the programmes intended to help the victims of violence and human trafficking.
In fact, Africa has witnessed the continued proliferation of illicit small arms and light weapons.
I love it when one of the pictures we've made shows the model a new perspective of herself ... Sometimes it's the first time they've realised just how beautiful they are
We recall that, only last January, the Security Council adopted its resolution 1459 (2003), by which it expressed its support for the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme for Rough Diamonds, which was adopted at the Interlaken, Switzerland, conference on 5 November 2002.
55. In response to the evolving shift of the operational emphasis to the east of the country, MONUC also conducted reconnaissance of alternative supply routes leading from the Indian Ocean coast through Dar es Salaam to Goma to Kisangani-Kindu as well as from the Atlantic Ocean through Pointe-Noire to Brazzaville to Kisangani-Kindu.
Major actions undertaken were the following: (a) organized numerous training activities for civil society representatives on issues of clinical trials and ethics of HIV research, new HIV preventive technologies, HIV treatment literacy and advocacy strategies, thus giving a new impetus to the work of patient organizations and treatment activists in the region.
44. Report of the Economic and Social Council (see para. 61).
One of the strippers came up to me and said "you were my biology teacher. "
OFTA will continue to monitor the market and take stern actions against operators who are in breach of the law in the operation," continued the spokesman.
The mechanics, hardware design and control algorithm of a tracked mobile robot were introduced and fulfilled.
The Bangladeshi construction engineering company, which was due to leave South Sudan in September, is now integral to the increased force level.
The Act No. 7/1962 applies to the extradition of criminals to Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, and the Act No. 69/1963 to the enforcement of criminal judgements delivered in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden.
The Zero-Emissions Imperative
4. Regional and subregional inputs.
Even the attractiveness of her person had undergone a similar change.
Priority should be accorded to developing solutions to the challenges faced, while bearing in mind the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities.
It appreciated Uruguay's determination to continue the necessary consultations in the follow-up to the recommendations, which were accepted without major reservations.
Geography of Yorkshire
A third group received no diagnostic ultrasound and microbubbles.
First Biennial Meeting of States to Consider the Implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects
2006/26 South-South cooperation
:: National Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Coordination Council established, supported by Northern and Southern Sudan Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Commissions (February-June 2006)
Australia
The two sides decided to set up framework for dialogue and cooperation and conduct cooperation in the following five fields.
The loss of Sergio Vieira de Mello was particularly tragic for us, as his visit to Ankara two weeks before his tragic death unfortunately turned out to be his last.
XI. Cooperation with troop-contributing countries
Recognizing that the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, are interlinked, expressing its concern that progress on achieving some of them is lagging, and reiterating its commitment to continuing to reinvigorate and strengthen the global partnership for development as a vital element for achieving these goals, in particular the health-related goals,
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 63.
Other staff costs
The democracy is a product of the development in the internal politics, economy and culture for every country.
2. In view of the lack of significant political support for an international conference on migration, the possibility of utilizing alternative forums should be considered.
Casual clothing has long been seen as a sign of a modern attitude and has become an important job perk
12.2.3.3. Accomplishments of Islah Charitable Social Association
I am advised to be ready to move.
2. Despite its shortcomings, the United Nations system still provided the best setting for promoting international cooperation for development.
Kate, you can't take it Thanks, Hurley.
Item
Ms. Mozolina (Russian Federation) said that while her delegation agreed that States must guarantee the freedom of speech and belief, missionary activities should not offend others' religious sensibilities.
In 2012, it had signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Singapore to combat the illicit trafficking of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances, their analogues and precursor chemicals, and another with the United States of America on assistance in the field of transnational crime.
Article 17, paragraph 1
Subsequently, by its resolution 1480 (2003) of 19 May 2003, the Security Council extended the mandate of UNMISET until 20 May 2004.
8. Many speakers said that efforts to simplify the financial structure of extrabudgetary resources should continue; the establishment of thematic multi-year, multi-donor trust funds should, however, not compromise the scope and delivery of UNCTAD technical cooperation.
The remark was not well timed.
40. In its resolution 59/202 on the right to food, the General Assembly encouraged all States to take action to address discrimination against women, particularly where it contributes to the malnutrition of women and girls, including measures to ensure the realization of the right to food and ensuring that women have equal access to resources, including income, land and water, to enable them to feed themselves.
The commission appeals to the public to stop uploading and transmitting the photos, and urges the media to avoid exaggerating the matter when further reporting the incident.
African Centre for Democracy and Human Rights Studies, Banjul (1991)
Also, the policy of recording cash assistance to Governments as programme expenditure was not consistent with the financial regulations of UNICEF or with its definition of programme expenditure.
File encodings, also known as character encodings, specify how to represent characters when text processing.
The Meeting invited UNODC and all relevant international organizations to support the African Union in the implementation of its Plan of Action on Drug Control (2013-2017) to contribute to global efforts to combat transnational organized crime.
Forever Friends
An executive summary of the findings from the Prevalence Survey 2007 is available.
The report also contained the Advisory Committee's comments and observations on the status of electrical power generation in Cyprus, letter-of-assist arrangements, IPSAS and Umoja implementation, and efficiency gains.
Our goal in Iraq is clear and unchanging: Our goal is victory.
But a firefighter who dies trying to pull people from a garden-variety house fire in Queens is no less brave or heroic.
Table 14
Role of science and technology in the context of international security and disarmament
Article 34.The department of fishery administration under the State Council shall, in accordance with this Law, formulate rules for its implementation, which shall go into effect after being submitted to and approved by the State Council.
Don't listen to that silly twit Clarissa. She's just threatened by you, that's all.
The close ties of cooperation between the two countries does not make Northern Cyprus a "subordinate administration".
They should be within striking distance of nikki and max.
Without a fundamental change in the institutional structure that underpins the process by which resources are ploughed back into the region, therefore, the slow rate of capital accumulation may remain unaltered.
XX. RECOMMENDATION 10 (k) (iv)
You battled them, consumed theirs souls, until you were the last to remain alive.
The Disaster Management Training Programme should be further developed, in full cooperation with relevant organizations of the United Nations system, as an important system-wide instrument for capacity-building, emergency training, and team-building at Headquarters and in the field.
Such unforeseen or extraordinary events may cause a temporary interruption of the project execution or the operation of the facility, resulting in construction delay, loss of revenue and other losses.
111. With regard to marine biodiversity, several delegations welcomed the work done by the Ad Hoc Open-ended Informal Working Group to study issues relating to the conservation and sustainable use of marine biological diversity beyond areas of national jurisdiction at its meeting held from 28 April to 2 May 2008, noting that the General Assembly was the appropriate forum to continue discussing that issue, without prejudice to discussions in other relevant forums.
United Nations
These experiences should lead to a reorientation towards more people-centred policy frameworks that would strengthen the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and accelerate the achievement of the Goals.
I did, as part of my research on this article and the amount of MISINFORMATION on the Internet is astounding.
Once revoked, the e-Cert cannot be resumed. You have to apply for a new e-Cert for usage.
Their mountainous country was thickly forested, the soil poor, and communication difficult.
In addition, the other signatories are bound to ensure the approximation of their existing and future competition legislation with European Union competition law (which is not required under EEA or even European Union rules), and their national legislation to implement the agreements needs to be approved by the association councils established under the agreements.
The brain drain issue, emphasized in the Lagos Plan of Action, in the New Agenda and in the annual Human Development Report published by UNDP, is still unresolved.
Studies on social safety nets and climate change will be presented at the thirty-eighth session in October 2012.
46. To monitor closely the progress of Qatar with regard to the phase-out of CFCs and halons.
Deeply concerned that Israel has not withdrawn from the Syrian Golan, which has been under occupation since 1967, contrary to the relevant Security Council and General Assembly resolutions,
Irrigation is needed to make crops growing.
At first glance the hand of Beijing in Chinalco's Australian adventure is not hard to detect.
4. Parliament continued to serve as a critical forum for debate.
A substantial proportion of the global burden of disease can be attributed to environmental risk factors and over 40 per cent of that burden falls on children under 5 years of age.
11. Ms. Ochir (Mongolia) said that, since the introduction of the draft resolution, Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Colombia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Montenegro, Morocco, Myanmar, Netherlands, Panama, Poland, Republic of Moldova, Romania, St. Lucia, Spain, Slovenia, Thailand and the United States of America had become sponsors.
The value of 2010 extrabudgetary in kind donations to UNHCR in 2010 is shown in table 17.
United Nations Documentation: Research Guide
1. To request the Ozone Secretariat to make contact with the Secretariat of the International Plant Protection Convention of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, stressing the commitment by Parties to the Montreal Protocol to the reduction of methyl bromide with specific reference to standard 15 of the International Standard for Phytosanitary Measures, and to exchange information with a view to encouraging alternatives to methyl bromide treatment of wood packaging material stipulated by that organization as a phytosanitary measure;
Ballot papers marked "A" and "B" will now be distributed.
2012/EB.A/23 Draft Country Programmes -- Cameroon 200330 (2013 - 2017)
Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, circling over the South before leaving at 0303 hours.
Note by the Secretary-General on the organization of work of the High-level Dialogue
However, securities may be affected by the recommendations of the draft Guide in two instances.
(d) Reassign three national General Service posts, comprising two Administrative Assistant posts from the Office of the Police Commissioner and one Administrative Assistant post from the Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Operations and Rule of Law, to the Civilian Personnel Section (ibid., para. 83).
No bill to reduce the detention period had so far been submitted to Parliament.
In February 2002 and April 2003, Australia co-hosted, with Indonesia, the Regional Ministerial Conference on People Smuggling, Trafficking in Persons and Related Transnational Crime.
In accordance with the provisions of Article 31 and sub-paragraph 13 of article 62 of the Constitution of the People's Republic of China, and the relevant decisions of the National People's Congress (NPC) adopted at the Third Session of the Seventh NPC on 4 April 1990, the HKSAR was established on 1 July 1997. The Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (Basic Law) came into effect on 1 July 1997.
Indigenous women, specifically, face rejection of their traditional dress, the denial of access to education, health care and the lack of job opportunities.
We recommend that the nature and period of validity of the six Presidents' proposal should be clearly specified in an appropriate manner.
Resources should be mobilized through cooperation with international organizations and the Bretton Woods institutions, and in the context of the Global Environment Facility and major international agreements.
In practice, a decision to support the implementation of a project is based on an assessment by the Government of the economic or social value of the project and whether that justifies additional governmental support.
Those techniques include solvent washing and thermal desorption as, in most cases, wastes contaminated by unintentionally produced POPs are solid substances such as fly ashes and other residues from offgas cleaning.
16 March 1972
5. The report summarizes the individual values of the asset groups proposed for donation, as follows:
The proposed decrease relates entirely to non-post resources.
Other dorms have rooms along at a common  hole  way hallway.
The implementation of the activities on this subject was also assisted by a group of short-term experts and through redeployment of an internal staff member.
What a time suck this is.
Arabic term for streambed or other natural depression that is dry except during the rainy season.
2. Algeria
eg: Can you figure out how to start this machine?
From a sustainable development perspective, the two principal concerns of developing countries with regard to foreign direct investment (FDI) are (a) attracting FDI as a source of long-term capital, and (b) enhancing the role of FDI in advancing social and environmental objectives.
Mr. Gardiner declared his willingness and Elizabeth was applied to for her approbation.
oversight activities by one congressman or one committee could not override the will of the Congress as a whole, as expressed in the underlying legislation.
IPSAS and Umoja implementation
It can never succeed without close international and regional cooperation.
ICAO International Civil Aviation Organization
WHO expects other partners, particularly United Nations agencies, to support this initiative.
 Mines stand in the way of the efforts to achieve other parts of a peace-keeper's mandate, such as distributing humanitarian aid, repatriating refugees, or ensuring fair elections.
COMMITTEE ON THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD
11. In order to restore their voting rights for the remainder of 2002, these Member States must pay their full contributions for 1999 and prior years, including advances to the Working Capital Fund, as well as a partial contribution for 2000.
It also regretted the resistance to brassage of armed groups in FARDC in the eastern part of the country.
The bank needs a more legitimate boss and a new sense of purpose.
Previously, in 1991 and 1992, the Indigenous Peoples Commission had encouraged the training of bilingual teachers in the North (where Aymara is spoken) and in the South of the country (where Mapuche is spoken).
2009a
Loosen up, this isn't a formal occasion.
Such analysis should identify those facilitation measures that would be the most beneficial to a country's foreign trade and economic growth.
5. The transformation was carried out under four guiding principles:
5. Reports by divisions of the Group of Experts on Geographical Names on the situation in their divisions and on the progress made in the standardization of geographical names since the Seventh Conference.
Curfews and internal closures in the Gaza Strip
L'auravetl'an Information and Education Network of Indigenous People
Top water connections are on 8" centers."
Alternative approaches were suggested for special cases, such as Member States whose MERs are fixed for long periods of time.
Just embracing and affirming that one belief can change your entire life.
94. As indicated in that report, "the structure of article 7 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties should guide the drafting of the present draft article on unilateral acts, taking into account certain peculiarities to which reference should be made".
Our specialization is the exportation of Chinese silk garments.
In fact, they did not remember the mascot of the Sydney Olympics or even of this year's Athens Olympics
11. Decides to revert to the consideration of the recommendation contained in paragraph 388 of the report of the International Law Commission on the work of its sixty-third session during the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly;
The High Commissioner shall submit his proposed programmes for consideration by the Committee.
cause every little thing gonna be all right.
The skin and the tissue beneath it literally freeze.
10.7 New entrants to the maintained schools sector in 1999-2000.
Informal informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Culture and sustainable development" (under agenda item 21) (convened by the delegation of Morocco)
44. At its thirty-second session, the Committee used a country task force for constructive dialogue with one reporting State presenting its periodic report.
But it is also our view that this responsibility should be shared by all parties.
They raked the soil smooth for a seedbed.
1. Security Council
In 2007, $1.3 trillion was spent globally on arms and other military expenditures, and that figure increased in 2009 during a global economic crisis to over $1.5 trillion.
We appeal to the leaders of the world: stop buying and producing arms; feed the disadvantaged; develop land; and create employment.
(a) Subject to regulations 12.1, 12.2, 12.3, 12.4 and 12.5, these Rules may be amended by the Secretary-General in a manner consistent with the Staff Regulations.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Lamona
Here again, as it has always been since the beginning of the crisis, the ball is in Eritrea's court.
It is Private Sector Division policy to write down unsold cards and dated products at the end of the first sales campaign year and all other products at the end of the second sales campaign year.
Participation in the follow-up and evaluation of the implementation of police reform activities and projects proposing amendments under the work of the Police Reform Steering Committee
Article 16: Freedom from exploitation, violence and abuse
Agenda item 129
Paragraph 1.4
However, the Secretary of State cleared the merger on 31 October without reference to the Competition Commission.
Those who climb mountains are free to use their own 34.
For months, he told himself and others that first “Japan must have another brilliant military gain” over the US, so that it would have a modicum of diplomatic clout in negotiating a postwar settlement.
2. Right to life, liberty and security of the person
Finally, the Trump administration should rethink its proposed deep cuts to funding for basic research, which would undermine innovation and economic dynamism down the road.
The key factors affecting mold - ripened soft cheese processing were studied through orthogonal experimental design.
Stay current with Google News.
Wenquan would suit you better.
 We therefore support its recommendation, as indicated in paragraph 9 of its report, that it continue its work at the forty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
Donors were encouraged to contribute to disaster reduction part of their funds earmarked for humanitarian aid.
And it makes a major breakthrough by requiring Member States to return assets obtained through corruption to the country from which they were stolen.
The success of the programme will be essential to underpin parallel efforts being undertaken in the judiciary and corrections systems, and to creating a balanced and fair security system for the country.
Concluding observations on the second periodic report of the Plurinational State of Bolivia as approved by the Committee at its fiftieth session (6 - 31 May 2013)
Pantora's Senatorial representative, Riyo Chuchi, took over negotiations after Chi Cho's death.
A doughnut chart shows the relationship or proportions of parts to the whole, and can contain more than one data series.
This cooperation is unquestionably key to the social and economic development of the Netherlands Antilles.
It goes on to state that, on September 1992, Sonam Gyalpo made contact with members of the "Security Ministry" of the "Dalai clique" and was provided with seals of the underground organizations "Truth Group" and "Tibetan Youth Association", provided by the "Security Ministry" of the "Dalai clique".
Various ways of payment are un use in the import and export trade.
No meeting between the leaders of the two sides had taken place for 55 years, until 2000, when the following was declared:
Sierra Leone (25 July 2000)
They represented their grievances to the Governor.
We cannot overlook the many obstacles that continue to block the road to peace.
29. The Board decided to discuss simultaneously items 6 including (a) and (b) and item 7.
About eight years ago,he forgot.
At the same time, a number of recent events show that the world community is still far from achieving the goals of ensuring lasting peace and stability.
2006 in Iran
On the other hand, the Bretton Woods institutions, along with the Government of the United States of America and the World Trade Organization, oppose in their practice the right to food by means of the Washington Consensus, emphasizing liberalization, deregulation, privatization and the compression of State domestic budgets, a model which in many cases produces greater inequalities.
One national AIDS coordinating authority
However, in most cases, older persons have to rely on public assistance because they lack sufficient means to afford such services.
Agenda items 121 and 122
The plenary noted with appreciation an invitation by the Republic of Guinea for the Kimberley Process to send a follow-up visit to the review visit carried out in Guinea in April 2005.
UNODC Vienna arqhelp@unodc.org
Both the god and the clod schools erred, in Martin's estimation, and erred through too great singleness of sight and purpose.
The need for a new generation of concessionary financing measures in which per capita income would cease to be a determining criterion was voiced by the experts, who advocated the use of vulnerability-related criteria in assessing the eligibility of a SIDS for concessionary financing.
Mr. Salman Al-Farisi (Indonesia)
But it's a good house You handled me. You manipulated me.
2001 (in per cent)
66. At its forty-eighth session, the General Assembly had noted that the then current format of the medium-term plan had a limited impact on the work of the Organization.
And Yamaxun is wholly - owned equestrian outstanding network also fails to harvest a success.
28. On the whole, after a detailed, two-stage review conducted by the joint panel, three proposals were selected for implementation and subsequent funding from the $150,000 available through the United Nations Trust Fund for New and Renewable Sources of Energy.
The federal Environmental Protection Agency has determined that DEET, when used as directed, is safe.
Isaacs adds that Palin threw in a bit of French with a quick quip of "Merci beaucoup" while leaving one of the centers.
The Committee therefore stresses, once again, the importance of ensuring that proper support is provided throughout the capital master plan to ensure uninterrupted service (para. 13).
Accordingly, the Panel recommends no compensation for these costs.
Obviously, we must redouble our efforts to improve our ability to receive a fair share of these resources from harvesting and processing.
Given the focus of the UNICPOLOS V meeting, Australia believes that delegates to that meeting would find the outcome of the Cairns workshop to be of interest.
The concessionaire should be free to choose the appropriate mechanisms for settling commercial disputes among the project sponsors, or disputes between the concessionaire and its lenders, contractors, suppliers and other business partners.
The budget process was shaped by the requirements of intergovernmental consultation and decision-making, and of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the Organization.
Due to incomplete statistics, the earthquake has caused 600 deaths, more than 3,000 hurts.
Fields and hedges were thickly covered and people had to dig paths from their houses to the roadside.
Particularly for adolescents and youth, education leads to obtaining the information and skills necessary for them to become healthy adults, able to make the right choices and empowers them to exercise their right to gender equity and equality.
Superstition based dream interpretation books say that seeing a kangaroo in your dreams foretells unexpected and exciting trips.
12 training sessions on human rights and protection for SPLA and the South Sudan Police Service and other security entities of the Government, including at the state level, for 300 security force officers
(h) Harmony with Nature (continued)
Now let me teach you how to get some fine clothes.
"The spending binge that Congress has been on for the past several months is obviously not the cure for what ails this economy.
This character has interest very much really, I like very much will transform apply mechanically.
Furthermore, it urges the State party to pay particular attention to the situation of internally displaced children and their families, while continuing to support their right to return voluntarily to their homes in safety and dignity.
(c) Encouraging citizens to organize themselves into associations committed to enforce check and balances of arbitrary exercise of power, when necessary;
France, Italy, 69/ Nepal, 69/ Turkey 69/ and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
The current level of programme resources has remained at $1.7 million annually, which has been inadequate to support the mandated activities of this programme.
Brothers of Charity (1999-2002)
The Medical Council of Jamaica (MCJ) has proposed that the present policy statement on abortion should facilitate the amendment of current legislation in order to reduce or prevent maternal deaths and disability linked to unsafe abortions.
Great Lakes Twa
André Schubert
The company will remunerate you for your travelling expenses.
Recalling the provisions of General Assembly resolutions 44/214 of 22 December 1989, 46/212 of 20 December 1991 and 48/169 of 21 December 1993 and of other relevant resolutions of the United Nations relating to the particular needs and problems of land-locked developing countries,
The speaker regretted that such attempts had foundered, and she hoped that subsequent resolutions on the issue would look to the future and recognize the encouraging events that have occurred in the Great Lakes region.
The two groups had similar and significant improvements in cardiac symptoms in exercise tolerance.
Pnyx
Damage or total loss (Iraq):Equipment (book value)
Despite the absence of such a list, the Committee received and approved, during the reporting period, requests from Canada and the United States to authorize the entry into their respective territories of certain individuals, for participation in legal proceedings and for participation in the peace talks at Dayton, respectively.
The Games will bring together athletes from all parts of the world in the greatest of international sports events as a means to promote peace, mutual understanding and goodwill among nations and peoples -- goals that are also part of the founding values of the United Nations.
1. Opening of the meeting.
1. Hamdan Baraka Obeid
Fostering communication and awareness to ensure the success of the strategy by familiarising the various stakeholders of its components, goals and objectives and of the responsibilities of each for its success and development;
19. The Independent Expert welcomes the adoption on 13 September 2013 of the following laws: the Act on acquisition of nationality by declaration (Act No. 2013-653); the Act authorizing the President to ratify the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness of 1961 (Act No. 2013-647) and the Act on the time allowed to assert customary rights to lands covered by customary law (Act No. 2013-655).
India is convinced that the key to achieving a lasting, just and peaceful settlement of the conflict and a comprehensive peace in the region lies in speedy implementation in good faith by all sides of the Quartet's road map, which contains clear timelines for the establishment of an independent and viable Palestinian State, living side by side with Israel within secure and recognized borders.
It also stipulates that the Registrar shall take all necessary measures to arrange the immediate relocation to third States of witnesses who for security reasons cannot return to their home countries after testifying before the Tribunal.
Therefore, there is a need for the concept of security to factor in such rights.
Another legal obstacle to recovery actions may be the inability to satisfy a jurisdiction's due process requirements necessary to initiate the type of intrusive investigation generally needed to untangle sophisticated financial schemes.
The competent construction administrative departments shall issue construction licenses to qualified applicants within 15 days from the date of receipt of applications.
Mothers, due to gender division of labour, are primarily charged with caring for the young ones.
as well as as well as all the information about different kinds of cameras different kinds of this kind of + these kinds of + of this kind + 12. click on the screen 13.
Lithuania
However, the Group notes its limited resources and time frame on the ground.
 They have not only defied the Security Council resolutions but also spurned and rejected all peace proposals.
The food there is terrific. I love it. It's out of this world.
The IMF is forecasting that the advanced economies will just about keep their heads above water.
41. Terrorism, more than any other concept, has come to dominate the security discourse in many places around the globe.
I did not know he was out. Oh, he set off the moment he had breakfast
Her contact with John was far from pleasant.
Mr. Djédjé-Mady subsequently indicated that he had brought the issue to the UNOCI Human Rights Section, which was monitoring the proceedings of the tribunal.
In this regard, the bureaux and secretariats of those commissions should facilitate the exchange of outcomes.
Follow-up received to date for all cases of violations of the Convention and cases in which the Committee provided suggestions or recommendations in cases of no violation
Jordan Valley Factory Estate
As you are aware, the Government of Guatemala and URNG are currently engaged in complex negotiations on social and economic issues.
20. The Meeting was opened by the Officer-in-Charge of the Office of the Special Coordinator for LDCs on behalf of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, on 18 June 1997.
44.He is used to eating out all the time. 45.I"m getting a new computer for birthday present
But it wouldn’t be the first time global economic growth accelerated to previously unimaginable levels.
Roberto Azevêdo
Educational institutions established in the 1700s
I fail to see the bearing of that remark.
One heavy storm can cause ageing urban sewerage systems to overflow.
The implementation of the liberal social policy was started in Latvia, emphasizing the responsibility of the individual for the improvement of her/his situation, at the same time laying the foundation for a guaranteed state social assistance system for those who were unable to provide for themselves or to overcome particular difficulties of life and who did not receive sufficient assistance from anyone else.
Nicaragua
Despite the adverse wind, they managed to put the boat across in time.
General Service and related categories
Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and the occupied Syrian Golan (A/58/263)
The Federal Bureau of Investigation on Wednesday offered to help China with security at next year's Olympic Games.
Recosting
The tympanic segment of chorda  tympani nerve is parallel with the tympanic segment of facial nerve.
Accordingly, a report on the utilization of the global funds in 1992 was prepared to conform to these requirements. The report was presented to the Executive Board at its 1993 regular session (E/ICEF/1993/P/L.30) as an interim account for the 1992-1993 biennium.
" I apologize for not being completely clear and not explaining it fully to you.
IX. Conduct of business
46. Some Member States reported steps to incorporate gender equality concerns into national development plans and poverty reduction strategies.
 56. Amendment of the Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, in Outer Space and under Water.
20. Mr. Sorieul (International Trade Law Branch) drew the Commission's attention to the text of the draft Model Law contained in the annex of the report of the Working Group on Arbitration on the work of its thirty-fifth session (A/CN.9/506); the draft guide to its enactment and use (A/CN.9/514); and a compilation of comments by Governments and international organizations (A/CN.9/513 and Add.1 and 2).
The Impact of Modern Science and Technologys Development on Professional Ethics;
International investment position
Is the existence of legislation on the protection of personal information and compliance by the service provider with the legislation sufficient to exonerate the provider from liability?
58. The proposed methodology would include all five cost components in the analysis:
Principal level
(k) In Palestine, all unexploded ordnance was removed from Gaza City by the end of 2013, eliminating the risk of accidental explosions.
Recalling further Economic and Social Council decision 1996/215 of 2 April 1996,
Despite this concern, the net flow of resources to Africa has been declining.
In addition, the Walloon region of Belgium takes part in the Network through a project based at UNIDO Headquarters in Vienna.
In recent years as part of commitment to achieve gender equality, the government has been working towards removing sex stereotyping. In different sectors, short term and long term actions/programs are there to remove sex stereotyping.
18.50 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) improved national capacity for the production and dissemination of quality statistics; (b) improved capacity of member countries for the implementation of comparable national accounts; (c) improved capacity of member countries for the production and utilization of sectoral statistics and indicators to measure productivity and efficiency and monitor development policies in these sectors and, in particular, sustainable development indicators and statistics in new areas such as gender and poverty; and (d) increased production and utilization by member countries of a core of social indicators needed for monitoring social development policies.
Embarrassingly, I would like to tell you that I'm not really your fan - I haven't exactly reached that stage yet
Annotated provisional agenda
50G rigid fibreboard large packagings
How was your Thanksgiving dinner, Alexandra?,Alexandra? Just wonderful, Mr. Stewart.
Subsidized resettlement housing project construction is seen as a major initiative for expanding domestic demand and boosting economic growth.
Within the area of the justice system, key measurements of progress could include the establishment of the Superior Council of the Judiciary and progress in the implementation of a certification process.
23. A number of traditionally marginalized groups, several of which are Maoist-affiliated, also imposed general shutdowns across the country to press for their respective agendas.
The Committee notes efforts made to further improve data collection mechanisms as demonstrated by recent surveys on children in school.
A summary of the resources proposed for the United Nations Office at Nairobi is provided in the following table:
We agree with the report that virtually the entire developing world is concerned about the consequences of globalization.
(CEDAW/C/5/Add.47)
The most dynamic sector was services, averaging 39 000 new jobs a year; services grew 5.3% a year on average, above the national average for all sectors of 3.2%.
Lateral move recorded as having taken place (alternatively, $20,000)
As a result of "fuzzy" searches and manual follow-up, as well as responses by Governments or other submitting entities, the secretariat confirms that 1,384 claims submitted by the Governments of Bangladesh, Egypt, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Jordan, Lebanon, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Senegal, Sri Lanka, Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Tunisia, Turkey, Ukraine, the United States of America and Yemen were filed for a higher amount in category A by claimants who had also filed claims in another claim category.
C. Recommendations for action by the Conference of the Parties at its nineteenth session 5 - 9 3
By its resolution 2070 (2012), the Council decided that the overall force levels of MINUSTAH would consist of up to 6,270 troops of all ranks and a police component of up to 2,601 personnel, and decided to extend the Mission's mandate until 15 October 2013.
The Committee held 14 meetings.
the road that ran past our house was a one-lane rural route.
But not even the Republicans actually believe it.
(b) UNMIS support to the national elections in the Sudan in April 2010 was absorbed within the authorized resources
(b) Registry, Archives and Mail Unit
The heavy spring rain has flooded out the ground floor of the hotel.
56. It should be noted that the voluntary abandonment of a pregnant woman by her husband without valid cause is punishable by imprisonment of from one month to two years and/or a fine of 24 000 to 500 000 francs.
The information on actual training activities undertaken by national and international staff during the performance period is provided in annex II to the present report.
Please. Just tell me what I have to do!
:: As part of the effort to facilitate the procedures for delivering humanitarian assistance, the Head of the General Administration for Palestine Arab Refugees was instructed to sign orders concerning the movement of assistance provided by UNWRA and the international organizations that work with it.
We have adopted much more flexible methods in our dealings.
Specifically, women can suffer as a result of intra-household relations that lead to incomplete pooling of household resources between men and women.
I think this paragraph can is leave out.
Avars
"a. Discussion and action in the Committee of the Whole at the 1968 session
* Annex 1 is on file with the Secretariat and is available for consultation.
Regular demonstrations protesting against the "buffer zone" began in January 2010 by farmers and others living and working in and near the "buffer zone".
But then, again, the horse hadnt cost him anything; so whatever he got was all clear profit
I shall deal now with ethnic conflicts.
82. The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and ILO are recommended to evaluate and disseminate information on experience with positive action.
Stranger: Now, well, what are you doing here now?
Angola
Like Deng, Brzezinski , looked at Sino - American cooperation as the crucial step in contrasting Moscow.
We think it fitting at this meeting to commend the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS for its efforts in the two priority areas of: increasing global awareness of the disease through education and dissemination of information to the public; and strengthening the capacity of communities through participation by civil society in the fight against the disease.
Sweden has completed the ratification procedure and the protocol will enter into force as soon as the few remaining European Union countries have ratified as planned.
We are honoring our commitment. We will do everything we can to serve the interests of our Taiwan compatriots and do it well.
103. The Chairman attended on behalf of the Special Committee the independence ceremony at Windhoek on 21 March 1990.
He smacked his son's face.
All countries must ensure that they are ready to collect and report in a timely manner standardized data on agreed performance indicators for the monitoring of universal access and other commitments set out in the 2001 Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS and the 2006 Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS.
With regard to our expectations vis-à-vis the high-level meeting, I wish to make four basic points:
The court held that the fact that SEGI appeared on the list "may be embarrassing, but the link is much too tenuous to justify application of the Convention.
Article 5. Equality and non-discrimination 23 - 59 5
Israel
Some other speakers were opposed to the initiation of negotiations on such an instrument.
Should anything go wrong, let me know at once.
Our only solace lies in the justice of the Palestinian cause, which is reflected in the magnanimity of the international community, and which is in turn demonstrated in the support that the Palestinian cause receives from Member States of the United Nations and other international organizations.
(f) Reimbursement of legal fees and other costs or expenses incurred, including those incurred relating to the participation of the victim in criminal investigation and prosecution processes;
Sun Tiantian
II. METHODOLOGY
It 's pathogenesis is mul-tifactor and multistep long - term complicatedly evolutive process including oncogene activation and tumor suppressor gene inactivation.
In accordance with Council resolution 1998/46, the Committee is composed of 24 independent experts who possess expertise in the fields of economic development, social development and environmental protection and who reflect adequate geographical and gender balance.
These accumulatedtime, along with personal experiences, to buttress my own developing sense of values.
As Kim hides among the docks at the port, Andre orders his men to keep searching for her.
All this will be conducive to a more sane and less destructive financial world.
(f) DGPS surveys in Bialowieza National Park;
10 - 11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 8
I think we get to take off early today for ice.
Nkhata Bay
It is time for Musharraf’s friends in the West to press him to serve his country one last time, by avoiding confrontation with his country’s democratic forces and calling it quits.
This is what you get for fucking around with the yakuzas.
13 PZH 2000
Disabilities are often linked with ageing, and women who have withdrawn from the labour market to run a household or look after their children may not be properly prepared to return to work after this stage of their life is over and have little motivation to do so when they develop functional limitations.
Indeed, as noted in paragraph 3 of the report "almost 50 years of continuous conflict and the existence of powerful drug cartels represent a considerable challenge to governance and the respect of human rights.
What other way?
42. Her Government welcomed the broad outline of future work for the Study Group as summarized in the Commission's report on the work of its sixty-fourth session (A/67/10), and believed that the Study Group should continue considering the various factors that were taken into account by tribunals in interpreting the most-favoured-nation clause.
Both reflect the failure to fulfill the promise of shared, pan-European prosperity.
The esential thing is not live ,the esential thing is navigate .
VI. Financial services
The first aspect of violence against children that violated the rights of children in schools was that exerted by teachers upon students in the name of school discipline.
As a result, the terms of trade for the region increased by about 16 per cent.
Even if you how education he was of no use; , he is a veritable villains!
HONG KONG 2001 Stamp Exhibition - Joint Ceremony hosted by Hongkong Post and Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department to promote the themes of Nature and Nature Conservation
56. Establishing an effective public service also necessitates a concomitant strengthening of codes of conduct for public employees, including a dedication to rooting out corrupt practices, both within government and in its dealings with the private sector.
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 1645 hours, drove them off.
Nearly one quarter of the additional resources committed by the G-20 will take the form of the issuance of special drawing rights.
The energy saved in 2006 and 2007 by these enterprises equaled 147 million tons of standard coal.
(s) The Committee will give increased consideration to looking for ways in which the reporting burden on States could be reduced to facilitate improvements in the report preparation process.
A/66/PV.91
The next time you are drafting an advertisement or working on a sales pitch, give some of these power words a try.
The working party is looking at problems in country hospitals and clinics, and how the health system can better support doctors and patients living in rural, regional and remote areas.
Adherence to the United Nations prohibition on engagement in prostitution among both civilians and uniformed personnel would therefore bring the United Nations considerably closer towards full implementation of my zero-tolerance policy of sexual exploitation and abuse.
The Board of Inquiry Section has processed, on average, only 34 cases per annum, thereby generating a significant backlog of cases which also needs to be cleared, while it continues to process the current cases.
Jia Kui
The President may limit the time to be allowed to speakers under this rule.
The aim of the special session is to renew and reaffirm the commitment made by the international community in the 1990 World Declaration on the Survival, Protection and Development of Children.
(a) Staff members of the Court are accountable to the President, the Registrar or the Prosecutor, as appropriate, for the proper discharge of their functions.
There's a school TV station, and I gave it a shot.
At the same time, have been great achievements in internal medicine combined therapies and liver transplantation.
Impoverished families are often prey to trafficking procurement agencies.
97.41. Accepted;
Production may resume today at one , the Andina mine, Codelco said.
A new chapter of UNIDO’s history was about to begin, and its future lay in the hands of Member States.
Botswana
The Working Group developed guidelines on effective counter-piracy messaging to the international community and submitted them to the Contact Group for dissemination.
The light loose mantle was thrown over his tunic.
The fractured leg must be kept in plaster.
The two-week period was originally proposed at a time when it was believed that additional regional annexes would remain to be negotiated, but, thanks to the hard work of everyone concerned, all the annexes in question were approved.
Pet Relocation is the leading pet transportation service company in China.
On the sea backer has mountain eat .
Proposed format of the World Conference on Disaster Reduction. 32 - 36 8
The workflow application should have the capability to update workflows easily when processes and organizations change.
15. In the area of transnational crime and terrorism, the following items were proposed: strategic alliance against transnational crime: road map for effective international cooperation; combating transnational organized crime in the context of sustainable development; illicit manufacturing and trafficking in firearms; the links between organized crime, terrorism and economic crimes; mutual assistance in criminal matters with regard to forfeiture of property and proceeds of crime; action against illegally acquired profits; international cooperation and technical assistance in combating illegal migration; international identification and elimination of terrorism as an expression of socio-economic and political unrest; crime and biological terrorism; victims of the consequences of terrorism and relevant rehabilitation programmes, with particular emphasis on vulnerable groups; international cooperation against money-laundering to combat terrorism; promotion of wider acceptance and effective implementation of international conventions on terrorism and establishment of an oversight mechanism for this purpose; technical assistance to developing countries in strengthening their legal capacity to combat terrorism; enhanced measures to control international terrorism, especially the financing of terrorist activities worldwide; and separatism and international terrorism.
Proposed amendments to the Penal Code address issues relating to the criminalization of domestic violence, crimes against sexual freedom and trafficking in persons, and the inclusion of the legal concept of femicide in the new system of criminal law.
When blocking in football, why does a defending lineman often attempt to get his body under that of his opponent and push upward?
Special Political and Decolonization Committee
Letter from the representative of Israel to the Secretary-General
That changed six years ago, when Chinese cultural officials began bringing him over to help develop their own Broadway-style works.
7. The reserves and fund balance at the end of December 2007 had decreased to $10,754,662, from $11,363,008 at the end of the previous biennium, due mainly to the adjustment resulting from full recognition of post-retirement liabilities for unused vacation days and repatriation benefits.
Target 2010 - 2011: 15
Net current transfers - NTR (million US$)
Interaction with international institutions was predicated on a legal basis through cooperation or headquarters agreements whose aim was to ensure that such interactions were based on the rule of law.
Substantive advice was provided for the drafting of Nepal Police human rights standing orders, 58,000 copies of which were officially handed to police officials in January 2008.
At a time when Europe needs to make important collective economic and foreign-policy decisions, domestic issues are preoccupying larger European Union member states such as France, the UK, Spain, and Italy.
“South Africa is deeply concerned at the Pakistani nuclear tests.
It is the lowest level of software testing and the first line of defense in finding software defects in dynamic testing.
63. The challenges ahead are enormous.
If you receive a request like this, you cannot fail to obey it!
Air foil fans are designed, engineered and tested for airstreams requiring high efficiency and quiet operation.
 It is with satisfaction and pride that we are witnessing one of the most illustrious periods in human history, characterized by the vigorous presence of the world's indigenous peoples in the world order.
Moreover, it is estimated that 20 additional meetings per year of the Committee would be held in the biennium 2010-2011.
Consultations Room
297. The Committee welcomes the Government's open and cooperative attitudes towards the ever-increasing number of non-governmental organizations and the joint efforts undertaken between the Government and actors of civil society to promote implementation of the Convention.
States and parties cannot absolve themselves of responsibility in these areas by delegating or transferring these powers to private sector agencies.
If it loosens monetary policy further – by, say, cutting banks’ reserve requirement ratio – the momentum for restructuring could be lost; and there is no guarantee that the additional liquidity would flow into the real sector.
Following the United Nations endorsement of the change in accounting standards from the United Nations system accounting standards to the International Public Sector Accounting Standards, effective 1 January 2010, the accrual of all expenditures, including after-service health benefits, will be mandatory.
I therefore welcome the initiative taken by the ECOWAS leaders, who have developed important recommendations concerning the way forward after the current transition period expires on 31 October.
Trade and Development Board, Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development.
Do not take interest of any kind from him, but fear your God, so that your countryman may continue to live among you.
Chris Johnson at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio was one of the authors.
[Original: French]
Distr. General
58. Saudi Arabia's commitment to humanitarian issues was evidenced by its generous donations to humanitarian aid agencies and steadfast support for UNRWA, to which it had contributed a total of $743.8 million for budgeting purposes from 2002 to 2009, in addition to $200 million through the Al-Aqsa Fund.
I've mixed it all up.
Results: High - speed injection and high concentration were easy to cause rabbit death.
31. The VRS-MSRC is an Internet-based, secure system supporting State authorities to collect and share migrant smuggling data.
I need to get into your utilities volume.
10. In November 2008, the Working Group organized an Expert Seminar which focused on the impact of terrorism and counter-terrorism measures on the enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights.
Now I would like to make a report to the congress on behalf of the Fifteenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC)
United States presidential election
I went to the lib today. Guess what? I saw your gf there.
It is therefore important to formulate new initiatives that would go beyond the Toronto terms, the enhanced Trinidad and Tobago initiative, the Naples terms, existing bilateral and multilateral debt relief programmes, and present market initiatives to restructure private debt.
Item 41 (b) of the provisional agenda*
It was not clear why most women did not seek enforcement of their rights in relation to their children, such as the right to custody.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
(22) The Committee encourages the State party to adopt swiftly the proposed amendments to the Code of Criminal Procedure, to ensure that they are fully in line with its obligations under the Convention, and to allow the victims of enforced disappearance to participate fully in judicial proceedings relating to the investigation of such an offence.
5. Introducing the report of the Secretary-General on gender mainstreaming in peacekeeping activities (A/57/731), he noted that the purpose of such mainstreaming was ultimately to provide better policies and programmes, in full recognition of their impact on all intended beneficiaries and to facilitate decision-making by Governments, at both the national and international levels, in post-conflict situations.
Star called wormwood A Meteorite, or by pollution or by both.
I do not get much volume on my TV set.
'And the school, Miss Eyre?
Was he not, by your invitation, asked to come to the king's bedchamber?
When Newton formulated the law of gravity, he did not say that the sun or the earth has the property of attraction.He said that all bodies鈥攆rom the greatest to the smallest鈥攈ave the property of attracting one another; that is, leaving on one side the question of the cause of the movements of bodies, he expressed the property common to all bodies, from the infinitely great to the infinitely small.
Upon first hearing one of these, you haven/'t the remotest notion of the answer, and you feel certain that too little information had been given to solve it.
I have first the United Kingdom.
Astronomically, the Twenty-four Solar Terms are defined according to the position of the sun on the ecliptic
(g) Creating a police information platform.
UNCTAD produced an issues note for the session which discussed selected fundamental challenges that could undermine transport and trade, which call for attention and consideration.
The inventory of human rights and transitional justice aspects in post-2000 peace agreements is contained in the addendum to this study (A/HRC/12/18/Add.1).
For every location deemed suitable, UNFPA will undertake a detailed cost-benefit analysis covering items such as security, cost, practicality and suitability.
128. The Group obtained a copy of a passport issued by the Republic of Mali that allegedly belongs to Mr. Goudé, but under a different name.
Similarly, removing obstacles to the access of women to paid labour can help address this gender asymmetry.
Three - phase rectifier bridge damage to the replacement.
The representatives of Albania, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Peru, Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Romania, San Marino, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey and Ukraine were invited, at their request, to participate in accordance with rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure.
Consideration of the follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development relevant to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification
A. Cooperation with human rights mechanisms
23. In addition to the information provided by States in direct response to the invitation by the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has obtained information through communication with States and international organizations.
His notions of trade are noble and generous and he calls the sea the British Common.
Recalling its resolution 2000/11 of 17 April 2000 and noting General Assembly resolution 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
The job centres have the possibility to approach the special function for gender equality and obtain information, help and guidance to carry out, among other things, the mainstreaming work.
C: Who is the best singerW1:That depends on what kind of music you like.W2:I love Ricky Martin
But as the superpowers learned in the Cold War, the absence of airtight verification does not render inspections useless.
(a) The number of participants enrolled in the training activities;
(b) Different treatment for one or more reasons referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, with regard to undertaking and performing an occupational activity, if the nature and conditions of such activity turn the reason(s) into a factual and decisive occupational requirement set for a particular person and proportional to the legitimate aim of differentiating such person's situation;
In a system where intent plays a decisive role, "What matters" - as Verhoeven writes - "is the perpetrator of the crime rather than the number of victims".
tried losing weight but nothing worked.
An archaic and fragmented IT infrastructure, outdated manual processes and fragmented accounts in peacekeeping and trust funds create delays but also, more importantly, prevent the collection and tracking of key data needed for management decisions and proper oversight and audit.
Wednesday, 17 December 2008
It should be reaffirmed that his Government supported only humanitarian endeavours and that all Kuwaiti charitable associations worked in a fully transparent manner.
There was novelty in the scheme; and as, with such a mother and such uncompanionable sisters, home could not be faultless, a little change was not unwelcome for its own sake.
In addition, clarifications were also sought and provided on paragraph 12.24 (b) of the strategy for this subprogramme.
But the cards were stacked against me: I'm only five feet six inches tall and everybody else was six-two or even taller.
It also welcomed any proposals from delegations aimed at improving the text.
Payment of these arrears is being pursued by the Secretariat.
London, with its world financial hub, is the centre of the nanny trade in Britain, employing thousands of the surrogate mothers to care for their infants while they earn megabucks in the City.
This is what you needed protection for? The suburbs?
The quality of pig obtained reaches the standards of clean steel scrap and ingot iron.
Also talk with your doctor about other ways to protect yourself from sexually transmitted infections.
The paper aims directly at studying the thoughts of William morris; the modern design pioneer and analyzing source and meaning of his thoughts.
Post-operation reports and/or debriefings to identify problems, solutions and recommendations for the future
The proportion of countries receiving this support was also similar to that in Africa.
67. I was gratified to learn of the release on 13 December 2009 of two UNAMID staff members who had been held in Darfur for 107 days, and I would like to express my appreciation for the efforts that secured their safe release.
The poor peasants, being the most revolutionary group, have gained the leadership of the peasant associations.
Seychelles
Pursuant to decision 2006/36, the following two country programmes, discussed earlier at the second regular session 2013, were approved by the Executive Board on a no-objection basis, without presentation or discussion: Namibia from the East and Southern Africa region; and Mexico from the Latin America and the Caribbean region.
The State party has not provided information about other remedies the author could have availed himself of.
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Agenda item 47
Contributions are expected both from education and sustainable development stakeholders.
It did not help that foreign producers were using Mozambique as a market of last resort to dump nearly spoiled chicken.
Certainly, Madam. This way, please.
With regard to emissions trends he urged caution when comparing older inventories with newer ones that had been compiled using improved methods.
After discussion, the Working Group decided to replace the entire text of subparagraph (c) by wording along the lines of “provide a preliminary means of securing assets out of which an award may be satisfied”.
She has intimated (to us) that she no longer wishes to be considered for the post.
Your Score: 31 You have an above - average tolerance for risk.
23. Concerning the principles of universality, objectivity and non-selectivity, which the representative of Iraq had accused him of violating, he said that he was simply carrying out his mandate to assess whether the Iraqi Government was fulfilling its human rights obligations.
That guy is a slowpoke
31. Stresses the importance of taking into account the special needs and requirements of developing countries in the field of information and communications technology for the effective flow of information in those countries;
We're gonna get this guy, we are.
Preventable maternal mortality and morbidity and human rights
30. On this subject, the feedback team cites an effective approach adopted by the Asian Development Bank that has helped the Government to set up a central evaluation office in Sri Lanka and has trained officers in the principles and techniques of evaluation.
:: Concluding observations should reflect the issues raised by the treaty body concerned during the constructive dialogue;
16. Under the terms of paragraph 2 of its resolution 2013/45, the Economic and Social Council took note that initial discussions have been held between the Secretary-General and the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research to explore the implications of the proposed consolidation of some United Nations entities dedicated to research, training and knowledge services, including the Institute, and, in this regard, requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly, within existing resources, a report on the ongoing consultations.
The Committee began and concluded its consideration of the initial report of Israel (CRC/C/8/Add.44).
Regarding the transfer of criminal proceedings, article 31 of Act No. 47/2008 of 9 September 2008 provides for the sole application of Rwandan procedure or any compatible procedure that the requesting State may propose, specifying that Rwandan legislation does not permit the application of the procedure of a foreign State unless that procedure is compatible with the criminal procedure of Rwanda.
The pricing mechanisms will in any case be reviewed in accordance with paragraph 5 above whenever the Government of Iraq or SOMO submits a revision.
The Shuwaikh plant was subsequently maintained as a reserve plant for use only in the event of an emergency shutdown of the Mina Abdullah plant, or for possible expansion of manufacturing capacity as domestic demand for LPG increased.
The remaining 5 countries provided all the information required.
Can your mechanics repair it?
After I retire I wish to spend the rest of my life in the countryside.
The 2013 and 2014 ministerial meetings of our initiative will be hosted by the Netherlands and Japan respectively.
(g) Storage in unsafe and congested facilities;
As per the information on the race application instruction, I think we may setup our own team for the youth race for those non Cs.
11. The Advisory Committee notes and welcomes the inclusion of the planning assumptions at the beginning of the budget proposals and their expansion, as recommended by the Committee in its last general report on administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations (see A/62/781, para. 9).
Science Shows Lying Is Hard Work
Peru
That points to the emergence of new heroin production centres and the surfacing of new drug-trafficking organizations in the transit countries.
But it would also be in the interests of a better balanced world economy.
discretion under section 39(2) to refuse to carry out or continue an investigation;
Vauvise
This program has produced critical intelligence that has helped us prevent a number of attacks.
There were numerous indirect effects on the Agency's services, including, for example, the decline in participation in community-based organizations' activities, as people were unable to afford fees for courses or services, which negatively affected the revenues of the centres. Annex I
Table A.1.8 Requirements by object of expenditure
If we must begin a military campaign, it will be directed against the lawless men who rule your country and not against you.
The Sisters
Evaluation of irrigation water consumption is the basal work for hydrological simulation, water resources assessment, irrigation planning, and irrigation water management in a basin.
It was a requirement that the air operator certificate holder, registered with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, maintain the operational control of the aircraft at all times and retain responsibility and accountability for its effective and efficient performance.
DON BRADLEY: I have arranged to go to see some of our overseas franchise holders next week.
But many countries that have borrowed heavily in dollars are already under pressure.
80. The Centre works with Government to implement the National Study on the Identification of Indigenous Peoples in Cameroon.
Documents of the First Committee
Chinese regulators are stepping up efforts to deny loans to companies that violate standards on energy efficiency and pollution.
186. No, I'm listening to the radio
NAPA technical workshop for anglophone African LDCs
(f) Approval of an amount not exceeding $200,000 to supplement contributions to the Emergency Fund;
We would therefore like to ask the parties to the conflict to overcome their differences and work towards the return of a just and lasting peace.
At the outset, allow me to express our most heartfelt condolences to the people and the Government of Pakistan.
33. We take note of the ongoing, comprehensive national dialogue in Bahrain and welcome its generous offer to host the twelfth ACD Ministerial Meeting in Manama;
What are the requirements for entering their supply chain?
The response to those concerns should be to strengthen the operational activities of the United Nations for capacity-building in information technology, capital market development and trade.
Given these different points of view, the Chair faced several challenges, apparent in the voting pattern registered by the resolution in the sixty-first session of the General Assembly.
We will now take a decision on draft resolutions I and II.
The resource implications of this proposal would need to be considered by the COP, along with any other new work arising from the deliberations of the other subsidiary bodies.
The legacy of this body of work is immense.
40. At the conclusion of the visit, the representative(s) would report to the Committee.
A condition of providing such assistance should be the prior clearly expressed consent of the recipient State or a request on its part as provided for in the guiding principles adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 46/182.
49. Mr. Baez (Chief, Oversight Support Unit), introducing the report of the Secretary-General on the programme performance of the United Nations for the biennium 2006-2007 (A/63/70), said that the report contained information on the production of outputs -- the traditional measure of performance -- and provided an overall account of the results obtained by the Organization as reported by the different departments.
ARADHNA TRIPATHI : "Eating is the most important thing in any Indian household and how you show your love and gratitude for a person is through the kind of food you serve him."
He explained that the Greek Cypriot side was not willing to discuss matters outside the scope of what had just been agreed in New York.
24. The Monterrey Consensus commits to a holistic approach to people-centred development.
An even smaller group translates that hope into belief.They expect what they want will actually happen.These people number 6 percent.
Turkey's request is for 8 years (until 1 March 2022).
That resolution underscored the unanimous opinion of the Court that there existed an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control.
Hardness and elasticity are characteristic of steel.
Your idea impracticable buyer less enthusiastic now that market dip.
4.this factory didn't earn profits anymore,it will soon close
Dukes of Brittany
The Special Committee’s report, like other United Nations documents, had noted serious Israeli violations of the human rights of Palestinians and other Arabs living in the occupied territories.
We reiterate the urgent need for a substantial increase of ODA and strongly urge compliance with internationally agreed ODA targets and with commitments for new and additional resources.
Leung Chi Wing
Landoil seeks compensation for the historical cost of the items less depreciation using a valuation methodology appropriate for vehicles.
The Target claims reflect the financing that, according to the rules of the euro system, the Bundesbank has been forced to extend to the eurozone’s deficit countries, by crediting their payment orders.
Pitcairn is best known for the story of The Bounty, famously associated with one of the most notorious mutinies in British history.
In 2012, in response to invitations received from Albania, the Congo and Madagascar, the Committee conducted visits to those States.
As reported in the previous monthly report (EC-76/DG.14, dated 25 June 2014), the final shipment of declared chemicals identified for removal from the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic took place on 23 June 2014.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Encouraging Member States to make voluntary contributions to the International Atomic Energy Agency Nuclear Security Fund,
There are many dream images in Song Ci, that is a product generated from the combination of Chinese dream culture with the historical culture in the Song dynasty.
Draft article 4, paragraph (2), stated that silence could be treated as a rejection of the invitation, but did not define the consequences of the rejection.
 We are an active participant in peace-keeping operations, with nearly 3,000 troops serving under the United Nations flag at present.
107. Among the responsibilities of the labour risk insurance scheme is the management of all labour risks (on-the-job accidents and occupational hazards); as well as traffic accidents on the way to and from work, for the whole population of participants, both public and private.
As to our credit and financial standing, we can refer you to the Bank of China and the Chamber of Commerce in Guangzhou.
(d) The rate of child mortality due to suicide;
designed by author can obtain the current waveform that have good welding technology.
Therefore, educational administration in colleges or universities earnestly long for an efficient course arrangement system.
' The purchases made, they returned to the hotel, where they dined at a sumptuously served table-d'hte; after which Aouda, shaking hands with her protector after the English fashion, retired to her room for rest.
The Tibetan Museum, funded by the state to the tune of more than 90 million yuan and with a total floor space of 22,500 sq m, was opened in October 1997.
OHCHR contribution: US$ 1,453,293
The water level has been raised by 1.1 metres.
The Government of Venezuela provided the Special Rapporteur with summaries of the cases, details on related information reported in the national newspapers, graphic representations of the geographical distribution of cases, and copies of press clippings, covering the period May to mid-September 2001.
 4. As indicated in paragraph 18 of the report of the Secretary-General, it is estimated that the cost of maintaining UNAVEM II, should the Security Council decide to continue the Mission beyond 15 December 1993, will amount to $1,880,000 gross ($1,778,200 net) per month.
They enable older people to be the givers rather than the receivers of help.
The signals can then be transmitted by means of media such as telephone wires or radio waves.
Both interpretations and verbatim records rely upon the statement actually delivered, but copies of texts help interpreters to correctly render details and nuances and help verbatim reporters to produce the written record more quickly.
Ghana
The Commission is requested to take note of the report, which is submitted for information.
Director
In line with market demand and the demand for enhancing laborers' quality, it is necessary to strengthen elementary education, actively develop higher education, vigorously promote vocational education, adult education and other forms of continuing education, so as to gradually establish a socialized life-long training and education system.
38. The Equality Programme comprises 13 main sections and 30 projects.
Athens is the capital and largest city of Greec
At that time the Panel will wish further to consider the following factors:
The international component did not preclude the possibility that a State of origin might disburse compensation to the affected State through a national claims procedure.
73. With the support of INDISCO and within the framework of the Indigenous Peoples Rights Act (IPRA) in the Philippines, indigenous women of Bakun have strengthened their role in ancestral domain management.
Rule on any points of order; and
The task in economies in transition was to help minds which were used to a structured and rigid system to adapt to a market-oriented system.
Trinidad and Tobago
If it is too difficult to listen to their feelings, encourage them to write you a Love Letter before you talk about what was so upsetting. 5
12. Artificial intelligence was used to create devices with some capacity to reason, recognize and communicate, and, increasingly, the ability to move objects.
1. Geographical description 1 - 2 4
Ju Shou
(ii) Ad hoc expert groups: three expert group meetings on: public sector management and governance; reform of the pension fund in the ESCWA region: poverty alleviation and gender implications; trade strategies and policies for ESCWA member countries acceding to the World Trade Organization;
RSW process was optimized and confirmed based on two - factor variance analysis.
Nepal
Note by the secretariat
Note by the secretariat
In front of the Porte Saint-Martin, a young man, armed with a rifle, attacked alone a squadron of cavalry.
7. On 6 August, SFOR headquarters released the results of Operation Harvest for the period January-July 2003.
 (c) At the end of paragraph 3, underline the words "in accordance with the principles of international environment law aiming at an enhanced protection of the watercourse and its ecosystems".
The survey collected information on risk behaviours, knowledge of and attitudes towards HIV and access to STI treatment and HIV testing.
It also recommends that the State party ensure that this institution is accessible to children, by establishing a separate unit, and that it has the capacity, including well-trained staff, to investigate complaints by or on behalf of children, in a child-sensitive manner and in full accordance with the Convention.
Conclusions
The Commission deplores the fact that vulnerable sectors of the population, in particular women and children, are especially affected by the ongoing violence.
In short, nobody could altogether deny the word terrible.
20:44 And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O ye house of Israel, saith the Lord GOD.
4. To acknowledge the initiative of the Division for Public Economics and Public Administration of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations to foster the preparation of an Ibero-American Charter for the Public Service and welcome its contribution to the material resources for the achievement of that goal;
(c) Election of officers other than the Chair
The cargo terminal is now equipped with one -- rather antiquated -- X-ray machine to supplement manual searches.
a. Does not reside with the individual;
Furthermore, in knitted structures, Selfil yarns snag and pull less than ring- spun yarns.
Sadly, those living in glass houses always find it easiest to throw stones.
If there are, for example, 6 positive answers out of 12 to questions without checklist questions, and positive answers to all questions (1,2,8 and 15) which have checklist questions, the formula will be as follows:
Therefore, it will be seen in the framework of nuclear disarmament as a concrete measure for the total elimination of nuclear weapons under the formative chapeau of a nuclear-weapons convention.
The criteria for periodic evaluation include:
No parliamentary elections held
Recalling also the Plan of Action adopted at the tenth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held in Bangkok from 12 to 19 February 2000,
He referred to the Administrator's proposal that the current level of the operational reserve be maintained, rather than reduced in compliance with the established formula.
Globalization must be made more inclusive and its benefits more equitably distributed.
54. Make use of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in those countries experiencing serious drought and/or desertification, particularly in Africa, in addressing land degradation and as a tool to assist in addressing, inter alia, poverty and hunger, and in this regard:
At the same meeting, the Chair proposed that issues relating to the future work of the AWG-KP in 2009 be taken up under item 4 of the agenda.
The case is clearly mentioned in the context and content of the General Assembly's resolution A, B 43 /58, issued on Dec. 6th, 1988, which stipulates that "the General Assembly,... declares once again that Israel was and still is committing a serious breach of the provisions of the Convention, and considered the crimes as war crimes and insult for the humanity ...".
In industrial/commercial facilities
Reporting 27. To ensure transparency, visibility and inclusiveness of relevant stakeholders:
The government of Lao PDR is making every effort to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS
We therefore hope that it will be adopted by a sweeping majority.
Thirty representatives were nominated by Annex I Parties, including Parties with economies in transition, and eighteen by Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
I agree with you.
Second, China has met political resistance to its efforts to diversify into US real assets.
Kazakhstan has supported the Secretary-General's decision to establish a high-level panel on United Nations reform.
(b) Landlocked and transit developing countries should, as a matter of priority, improve the maintenance of track and rolling stock, purchase new rolling stock and expand the railway network, where justified by traffic volume;
20. The Secretary-General also indicates that, should the specialists (military, police, administrative and support) not be required for direct assignment to a specific team, they would be temporarily assigned to perform priority functions in the parent specialist area, while remaining available to be rapidly recalled to the Office of Operations or temporarily deployed -- as in the past -- to respond to emergency requirements in the field (ibid., para. 24).
Oh, you think you're mighty smart, don't you
Half a pair of socks and a pillow case short this week!
26 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 33 (A/56/33).
Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
9. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue enhancing the use of his good offices, dispatching Representatives, Special Envoys and mediators, to help to facilitate durable, inclusive and comprehensive settlements and further encourages the Secretary-General to continue his early engagement in the prevention of potential conflicts;
122. In 2011, the issuance of private use permits increased markedly: the Forestry Development Authority issued 48 of them, covering 2,077,204 hectares, accounting for 81 per cent of all contracts obtained by the Panel and 89 per cent of all forest covered by private use permit contracts.
The Observatory issued only an amber rainstorm signal and a thunderstorm warning.
The British Museum is a great building in London, not far from London University.
CWL - General Trust Fund for the African Ministers' Council on Water (AMCOW), which is extended through 31 December 2015;
United Nations Environment Programme
Slovakia
This information refers to the second half of each of the years listed.
Our ability to speak and communicate seems to have its origin in the unlikely pairing of the left brain and the right hand.
The secretariat sent letters, requesting permission to access information available on their web sites, to GEF, OECD/DAC, IEA (Greentie, CADDET, IEAGHG, CTI), IPCC, UNEP (maESTro), UNDP, UNIDO, World Bank (GATEWAY), EU, and to some Parties including the United States (DoE, EPA, NREL, EIA, USAID), Germany (Cleaner Production site), Japan (NEDO), Canada (CIDA) Australia (Australian GHG Office) and China (EST).
Further, the Calgary Domestic Violence Courtroom was established in Alberta in 2000 as a four-year pilot project.
During the Indonesian chairmanship of the Prepa-ratory Committee for the World Summit on Sustainable Development (Rio+10), the Permanent Mission of In-donesia has set up a Web site that can be visited at the following addresses: http://www.indonesiamission-ny. org or http://www.un.int/indonesia.
433. In paragraph 94, the Board recommended that UNHCR negotiate a discount on hardware and maintenance services until the integrated system project has resumed and update the inventory of the skills acquired through the training courses in order to optimize in due time any resumption of such training.
Oversight of such activities has been strengthened to ensure that all personnel receive the appropriate conduct and discipline training.
– To conduct training programmes in multilateral diplomacy and international cooperation for diplomats accredited to the United Nations and national officials involved in work related to United Nations activities;
The boxer's reign was brought to an end last night.
The outcome of that process is this report that is made up of three parts as per CEDAW committee guidelines.
KFOR intervened to facilitate the withdrawal of the Units from northern Kosovo but, tragically, a gunfight erupted during the ROSU movement, resulting in the death of a ROSU officer near Zubin Potok on 26 July.
Your first step is to simplify your life until you are spending less than you make.
Well, we have no idea where this puppy is.
More recently, UNSMIL has been working with the Libyan army on storage facilities and stockpile management issues.
A: You didn't note the damage on the bill of lading
425. This section is concerned with the specific recommendation made to the Government of Colombia (CEDAW/C/COL/CO/6, para. 23) and General Recommendations Nos. 12, 14, 15 and 19 of the Committee.
Satellite imagery showing up-to-date news events and weather forecasts are now commonplace, but satellite and broadband technologies are also helping to introduce a whole range of new services to consumers in the United Kingdom and worldwide.
He reiterates that, as a member of the Christian minority community, the danger he faces in the event of his return is real, and that the deportation order against him is tantamount to a death sentence.
Senate staff were paid overtime even when the chamber was in recess.
When the term of validity of a software copyright expires, all rights to the software cease, except for the developer's right of authorship.
Comparative advantage, however, is an evolving concept. It needs to be looked at from a dynamic perspective, and diversification itself is a dynamic process.
(c) Interactive discussions on the theme
77. The Democratic People's Republic of Korea had formulated its own national strategy to implement Agenda 21 and was cooperating closely with many countries and international organizations.
It's a wonder that the child came through without a scratch.
Through its member, the Association for the Defence of the Rights of Women and Children "HAGURUKA ASBL", it has provided help to 12,729 people (7,344 women and 5,385 children) in administrative and/or legal proceedings up to February 2003;
United Nations Treaty Collection
Preparatory exercises to ensure the readiness of UNEP for this transition, combined with the introduction of IPSAS, has involved intense work, which will continue through the biennium with multiple benefits.
Sometimes, the only way to keep such a close monitor on your actions and goals is to write about them every day.
Politically, the Communists also sought to decentralize power by establishing village-level assemblies known as panchayats, a model that has since been emulated nationwide.
Perhaps the best evidence that this is not an ideologically-driven sea change is to be found in what triggered it: an economic downturn.
Termination;
These cries of ferocious challenge rang against walls of silence.
Pumps shall be protected from dead - heading.
Standard criteria include: (a) a justification and planned completion date, if actual indicators of achievement and outputs fell significantly short compared to the plan; (b) an element of measurability, if not already provided in the baselines that were established as part of the 2004/05 budget; and (c) information on significant unplanned actual indicators of achievement and outputs.
REPORT OF THE ELEVENTH MEETING OF THE STANDING COMMITTEE
119. The law also establishes the rights and duties of the diplomat, which are assigned in Article 44 of the law.
This has contributed to the credibility of the List and assisted Member States in implementing the sanctions measures effectively.
Nevertheless, the Government and the international security forces must remain extremely vigilant with regard to all sources of intimidation and violence against voters and candidates.
The control unit of the system is mounted on the control cabinet of the supporting hydraulic system , contributing to higher safety performance.
The White House Mountaineer
V
No proof of direct loss
233. The Working Group of the Security Council on children and armed conflict, led by the German Chair, visited Afghanistan from 4 to 9 June 2012, at the invitation of the Government.
On 7 March 1992, he started a hunger strike to enforce his right to a fair trial.
Wideband Integrated Data Optical Synchronous posed mainly by the part of Network Concentrator and the part of the user nodes.
Participants in the training were drawn from Parliament and the ministries of Foreign Affairs, Justice, Social Welfare, Gender and Children Affairs, Labour, Education, and Defence, among others.
363. The Committee considered agenda item 6, ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee at its 550th and 567th meetings, on 3 and 21 June 2002 (see CEDAW/C/SR.550 and SR.567).
33. Overall Operation direction and management are to be provided by the immediate Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the large and highlevel delegation, comprising representatives from relevant departments of the State party, which facilitated a constructive oral exchange during the consideration of the report.
Informal consultations on agenda item 145 (Review of the implementation of General Assembly reso-lution 48/218 B)
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat
As members are aware, the process of drafting the draft resolution was launched during the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly by my predecessor, Mr. Han Seung-soo.
In the race to become developed economies, China and India have very different challenges and can hardly be said to be on the same track.
To ensure the full mobilization of national (governmental and non-governmental organizations and the private sector) participants in the national population programme for effective action in their areas of particular competence, expertise and comparative advantage.
11. Medium-term programme framework, 2002-2005.
As a rule of thumb, economists reckon that a family withonechild needs30%more income a childless couple to maintainthesame living standard.
72. UNIDO had initiated an organization-wide green industry initiative to focus on sustainable consumption and production, mitigation and adaptation to climate change and environmentally sound management of waste and chemicals.
13. Report of the Economic and Social Council (chapters I and III to V, chapter VII, sections A to C and I, and chapter IX) (P.12).13
2. Decides to complete the consideration of the second comprehensive review at its seventh session.
If the Party concerned provides a further written submission, the enforcement branch shall, within four weeks from the date it received the further submission, consider it and adopt a final decision, indicating whether the preliminary finding, as a whole or any part of it to be specified, is confirmed.
Languages
'Who ate the fat of their sacrifices, And drank the wine of their drink offering
Twenty-third progress report of the Secretary-General on UNOCI (S/2010/15)
As you achieve each level of the maturity framework, your organizational capability increases.
After meatball in cooking slot through the rotation after a further steaming plate moving to moving to dial groove end cooking.
38 The stations are always full of peopl
Accede to CAT (Azerbaijan);
My pencils are in my pencil -  box .
AIANZ noted that one in three women in New Zealand experience physical and/or sexual abuse at the hands of a partner throughout their lifetime.
People from Sükhbaatar Province
While praising Croatia's commitment to resolving outstanding issues related to the sustainable return of refugees and internally displaced persons, Slovakia noted that the restitution of private houses owned by the exiled and displaced -- most of whom were members of the Serb minority -- the restoration of their tenancy rights and their reintegration into society had been addressed to a large extent, but not entirely.
It will then be possible to make progress on other important questions that have been postponed since the crisis erupted five years ago.
277. In the same resolution, the Commission requested the High Commissioner for Human Rights, inter alia, to include in her report information on the implementation of the recommendations contained in that resolution.
Montreal is also home to the Canadian Space Agency, the United Nations International Civil Aviation Organization;
Do you intend to help her?
National Olympic Committee of Thailand
Review of the status of compliance with specific decisions of the Parties on noncompliance:
Waihai railway station
Ltd. Exp. Super-Kamui No. 12
People cannot be developed and managed by others.
Cr$ in millions
Expanding the scope of education by introducing a wider range and spread of subjects -- both theoretical and practical -- in the third stage, and by paying more attention to developing pupils' social, cultural, technical, artistic and physical skills.
64. Pedro Gastón Sánchez Salazar, arrested by the carabineros on 3 April 1994 in the village of Huamachuco, commune of Renca. The Government reported that this person had been released a few hours after having been detained and that, on leaving the station, he had not borne any visible injuries or bruises.
Mascaraque
Such a long, slow process seems incongruous given the pace of technological change.
77.54. Prioritize action to address the concerns raised by the United Nations human rights treaty bodies regarding the situation of women, particularly in the informal sector, and the lack of rights and social benefits, including maternal protections available to them (Ghana); 77.55.
You selected a single - byte font to replace a double - byte font. Please select a double - byte font.
Activities which provide economic and social development assistance to developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
The distance related increment is 0.25 per cent of the estimated maintenance rate for each complete 500 miles (800 kilometres), beyond the first 500 miles (800 kilometres) distance along the consignment route between the port of embarkation in the troop/police-contributing country and the port of entry in the mission area.
 Savings are the result of the purchase of a photocopier machine at a lower cost than budgeted for.
Out of a total number of 36 completed IPRs, 21 were prepared for African countries.
...  < the Saxophone whole section lectures > and, < Saxophone Chinese and Foreign popular the song gather >.
178. In sub-Saharan Africa, the share of informal-sector employment in total employment ranges from less than 15 to more than 60 per cent, with highest percentages reported in the urban informal sector in Senegal (77 per cent) and Benin (80 per cent).
Malnutrition contributes strongly to these deaths, increasing the risk of dying from other causes.
It first navigates the user to the login page and then advances to the payroll system, which displays monthly pay slips.
In lack thereof, clear criteria as to which matters are of a procedural nature should be developed.
Indigenous knowledge systems
Persistent hunger in today's world is neither inevitable nor acceptable.
Status: in progress
But you can guarantee it'll be the federal, supremax.
The result shows that the undergraduates are free from internet addiction except a small number of students.
There is no single model for an effective anti-corruption programme, and achieving results requires ongoing dialogue between development partners in every country.
What he's trying to say is we found this.
The return of the Hayabusa mission is ongoing.
33. At the same Workshop, John Trinder, ISPRS, presented a paper entitled "Determining sustainability indicators by remote sensing" (E/CONF.97/6/IP.26).
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
9 April 1997
The Secretary-General's report (A/60/871), which informed the Dialogue, drew attention to violence against migrant women.
VIII. Relations with international organizations and partners
INTRODUCTION close connection of mother and baby baboon, the sculpture harmony in a family.
97. It was also noted by the Committee that, although women had been promoted to senior posts and high diplomatic posts, their numbers were still few.
The Council strongly encourages the Government of the Central African Republic to do everything in its power to strengthen democratic institutions and broaden the scope of national reconciliation.
44. At the national level, in January 2001 the Government of Palau established the Office of Environmental Response and Coordination to enhance coordination between all governmental and non-governmental agencies to address environmental issues.
It is children theater. Every night, there are many children coming here to watch their performance.
V. Clarification
(d) Basic principles governing a headquarters agreement to be negotiated between the Court and the host country;
(Signed) Sam Kutesa
This was an overnight journey.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Naqurah.
Robots-once found only in comic books and movies-now inhabit the real, everyday world.
This regulation determines the benefits granted to members of a number of trade unions.
Panel discussion on "The Migrant Workers Convention: A tool for rights-based development", on the occasion of the International Migrants Day (co-sponsored by the NGO Committee on Migration and the Permanent Mission of Argentina)
Executive Director Relief Society of Tigray
Many physicists would welcome the news.
(a) In keeping with the 7MSP decisions, the ISU will continue to provide assistance to States Parties in the preparation of their Article 5 mine clearance extension requests.
"Israel's strategic military force is serving as a pawn in the hands of the administration to bring this crisis to a situation of near-explosion until someone blinks first," he wrote yesterday in Yedioth Ahronoth, an Israeli newspaper.
The problem roots in her depression.
:: Visiting Professor, Graduate School of International Studies, Ewha Womans University, Seoul
What if that woman had gotten an angry driver, or one who was impatient to end his shift
16. The Agency is thus confronted with major challenges in regard to the maintenance and quality of the institutions that it has developed in order to provide its refugee services.
Vanuatu is a Christian country and its people try their best to maintain their Christian values.
23. Philippines
2.4 On 17 January 2008, the author's counsel submitted an application for supervisory review with the Supreme Court, requesting the annulment of the previous court decisions.
Decision XVI/15 called for a review of any new information on those emerging technologies, and, if new information was available, an evaluation in order to determine whether they warranted consideration for inclusion on the Parties' list of approved destruction technologies.
In matters relating to the appointment or career of others, no international civil servant should try to influence colleagues for personal reasons.
Condemning the killings, confirmed by United Nations observers, of dozens of men, women and children and the wounding of hundreds more in the village of El-Houleh, near Homs, in attacks that involved the wanton killing of civilians by shooting at close range and by severe physical abuse by pro-regime elements and a series of Government artillery and tank shellings of a residential neighbourhood, and reiterating that all violence in all its forms by all parties must cease,
Indications are that EBTPI is of low mammalian toxicity (KLIF 2009).
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on limited budgetary discretion
“Registration and licensing of brokers
Thursday, 15 November 2007, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room A;
32. The Committee recommends that the State party submit its sixth to eighth periodic reports in a single document, due on 9 January 2014 taking into account the guidelines for the CERD-specific document adopted by the Committee during its seventy-first session (CERD/C/2007/1), and that it address all points raised in the present concluding observations.
The obvious solution is not to abandon the franc's euro peg, but to change the cantonal financing mechanism.
Improving the effectiveness of the methods of work of the First Committee
Through this mission, it aims to contribute effectively to the production and dissemination of alternative knowledge concerning women in the Arab region.
15. We are aware that 185 years have elapsed since the grand design of the Liberators was tested, and that the region has now acquired the necessary experience and maturity to address the challenge of unity and integration of Latin America and the Caribbean;
But old neighbors of 66-year-old Tian Wenhua in Nangang village, about 30km north of Shijiazhuang, provincial capital of Hebei, still find it hard to associate her with the scandal that saw six babies dead and at least 290,000 others afflicted with kidney problems.
The obligations these resolutions imposed on all Member States, in particular Iraq, were mandatory and non-negotiable.
Special, 1998
But life assurance premium growth is decelerating  to around 10 per cent in 2006 under mainland accounting standards.
40. In certain instances, a series of similar cartels involving the same group of multinational corporations can be formed and operated across several jurisdictions.
I have been instructed by my Government to lodge the strongest protest over your decision to allow the circulation of a non-paper of a self-styled representative of a federal unit of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, a Member State of the United Nations, through the offices of the Republic of Slovenia, another Member State of the United Nations, as a document of the Security Council.
The group could offer the legitimacy and relevance that would enable the scientific community to raise funds to undertake research activities
This is a moving spectacle, for crowds of people stand on the shore watching the lanterns drifting away until they can be seen no more. New words and expressions festival n. lantern n. spectacle n
The Government responded that it would not be possible to receive the Working Group during 2007 and that greater benefit would be derived from a visit at a later date.
Council members stressed that national ownership was key to peacebuilding efforts and called for international support for the United Nations peacebuilding agenda.
1 See General Assembly resolution 48/104 of 20 December 1993.
We suggest China and US enhance communication and conduct candid discussion on relevant issues.
Only this time the arguments are starker.
In total disrespect for all norms and standards of international law, Israel continues to act with impunity, committing serious violations and grave breaches of international law against the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem.
This report presented the significant legal and factual issues raised by, inter alia, the filing in category "D" of stand alone claims for the losses of an incorporated Kuwaiti entity.
The door opened again a few inches and Alma stood in the narrow light.
Establish ongoing medical care and rehabilitation for landmine survivors.
1. In its resolution 52/35 of 9 December 1997, entitled “Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in South Asia”, the General Assembly, inter alia, requested the Secretary-General to communicate with the States of the region and other concerned States in order to ascertain their views on the issue and to promote consultations among them with a view to exploring the best possibilities of furthering the efforts for the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in South Asia, and to report to the Assembly at its fifty-third session.
Provision of emergency telecommunication services for OCHA with and in the field
Azerbaijan reaffirmed its support for UNIDO’s continued existence as a specialized agency responsible for international cooperation to promote industrialization in the developing countries and countries with transition economies.
12.SOLDERING HEAT RESISTANCE:
Eat less than pig, do more than a cow, sleep later than hooker, get earlier than cock!
There must be a reason.
As the great prizes in the lottery are less, the smaller ones must be more numerous.
(d) The discrepancy between article 17 of Act No. 2003-04 of 24 January 2003 on sexual and reproductive health, which provides exceptions to the general prohibition of abortion in cases of rape, incest, threat to the life or health of the mother and foetal impairment, and article 3 of Act No. 2011-26 of 9 January 2012 on the prevention and prohibition of violence against women, which lists abortion as one of the forms of violence, notwithstanding the explanation given by the delegation that this provision pertained only to "forced abortion".
Training
We're evolving our model from the multinational to the globally-integrated company.
Improving the nationwide epidemic surveillance system:
Commends the Sudanese Government's cooperation with the United nations and the African Union in dealing with the humanitarian and security situation in the Darfour province, pays tribute to the Sudanese Government's endeavours to achieve national reconciliation and its commitment to the peaceful resolution of the conflict in Darfour, and welcomes in this regard, the resumption of negotiations between the Sudanese Government and the armed movements in Darfour for the benefit of achieving a peaceful settlement of the conflict.
Deaccessing -- or selling off -- works of art has taken on new importance because of the museum's space problems.
1. In its resolution 68/162, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to bring the resolution to the attention of all Member States, to continue to collect their views and information on the implications and negative effects of unilateral coercive measures on their populations and to submit an in-depth and comprehensive report thereon to the Assembly at its sixty-ninth session, while reiterating once again the need to highlight the practical and preventive measures in that respect.
Estate agents are keen to target other Chinese buyers.
Look, I'll give you ten dollars if you sweep the room for me.
A statement with a contractions more likely to be truthful: I didnt do it instead of I did not do it.12
(c) Create greater flexibility in development assistance, in particular:
A progress report will be compiled by mid-2007.
GEF Global Environment Facility
This theme focused particularly on headdress, an element of costume.
The presidential statements on the protection of civilians complement and reinforce the valuable work being carried out by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict.
The United States says it wants to have missile defense sites in Poland and the Czech Republic to counter a possible long-range Iranian and North Korean missile threat in the future.
Newswise - Call it the cellular equivalent of big glasses, a funny nose and a fake mustache.
But it is necessary to ask ourselves — and more particularly, yourselves, distinguished delegates to the Conference on Disarmament — what practical, realistic contribution each of us can make to bringing this state of affairs about.
 Peace-keeping forces are starting to be deployed in the Kodori valley and agreement has been reached that heavy equipment of the Georgian side with either being withdrawn from this zone or be destroyed by Russian sapper engineers in the presence of United Nations observers.
3. The criminalization of bribery involving a foreign public official was addressed throughout the negotiation of the draft text of the article that became article 16 of the adopted Convention.
Sport teaches the value of effort and how to manage victory, as well as defeat.
The audience from passively receiving information into actively obtain information and become actively reports even release information.
She wishes in the present discussion to focus on the question of impunity which, unless addressed by the Government, will continue to facilitate further acts of torture.
And I freaking love you and you just better freaking love me back because I'm the freaking one, you freak.
Total
“If you want to say anything, say it.
Article 42 When members of the trade unions of coal mining enterprises find that administrators of the enterprises give directions against regulations and order miners to work at risks or when they scent hidden danger of obviously serious accident which may threaten the lives and safety of workers, they shall have the right to make proposals for tackling the problem, and the administrative body of the coal mining enterprise must make prompt decision to deal with it.
[20 May 2011]
The report identified five recurring priority areas for international assistance and laid out an accompanying agenda for action.
However, the qualifier "where appropriate" in both articles, and the condition "in accordance with domestic law" under article 7, has been met with criticism by indigenous peoples, especially in some countries where domestic laws are weak in this regard.
This figure was lowest in Canada at just over a quarter.
Increasing interest in performance assessment as a tool for stewardship in decentralized systems has led WHO to collaborate with Indonesia, Mexico, Spain and others to apply WHO framework at the subnational level.
The Marrakech Action Plan urged all poor developing countries to design their national strategy for the development of statistics by the end of 2006 and to start implementing them in 2007, with a view to producing better statistics for national and international use by the time of the next millennium review, in 2010.
HRIC is closely linked to the secessionists in Tibet and has regularly participated in the activities of Tibetan secessionist organizations.
The last and strongest argument concerns the government's power to require the purchase of health insurance under the commerce clause.
He said the matter would also discussed with David Cameron, the UK prime minister, on his official visit to New Delhi next week.
A statement was made by the representative of Canada after which the Committee decided to defer action on the draft resolution.
The policeman chewed out the driver for reckless driving.
out of the question Marrying Jack is out of the question.
61. Social development:
With regard to collective rights, the commission of unfair practices contrary to the freedom to organize are considered very serious;
30821 Chernetenko
Number of States party
21. The report indicates that "abortion still continues to be a widespread method for regulating the birth rate".
In order to encourage cooperation from the local communities and promote a better, understanding of its initiatives and activities, UNMIT police, in collaboration with the UNMIT Public Information Office, disseminated information on police operations through press conferences as well as daily radio and regular television broadcasts.
 23. The package also provides that legal cases involving persons from both communities would be heard jointly by a Greek Cypriot and a Turkish Cypriot magistrate designated by their respective communities.
They should refrain from violence on both sides. We are obviously watching events from Bahrain and around the region very closely.
To monitor the implementation of various policy, programs and laws, the NCWD and Inter-ministerial coordination and evaluation committee provide institutional mechanism through which celebrities and leader in women's movement and representatives of various women's organizations are able to contribute.
Additional project funding for school construction in Gaza was one of the Agency’s top priorities in view of the rapid growth in enrolment.
The men we're after are professional runners. We find them;
Further, such compulsion could violate the immunity conferred on judges.
Others say, break them up into new companies without any government support, or sell them to other businesses.
194. The Board recommended that the amount of $563,000 be included in the revised budget estimates for the 2008-2009 biennium to cover additional costs of equipment for new staff and for the relocation of the Investment Management Service to the twentieth floor of 1 Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza. Recommendations of the Board
XX/9: Application of the Montreal Protocol's trade provisions to hydrochlorofluorocarbons
Papers on the themes will be prepared by selected Committee experts.
19. Impartial courts are essential if Guatemala is to improve the performance of its system of justice.
Many international misunderstandings are caused simply through our failure to understand each other.
Full readiness to deploy mission headquarters for a complex mission expected by December 2004 contingent on demands for strategic deployment stocks in the intervening period
Objective: To explore the relationship between clinical result and the length of jejunal segment for cholangiojejunostomy.
Her wishful face haunts my dreams like the rain at night.
10. Although the elements of an international conceptual framework -- such as "context, input, process, output, and outcomes"; and the OECD framework for data collection -- are in general use, there is no generally accepted international framework.
Invites parties, States not party to the Convention, intergovernmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and industry to participate actively in the review and updating of the guidelines and guidance and submit relevant information to the Secretariat for consideration by the experts on best available techniques and best environmental practices;
 92. At its 1989 session, the Committee emphasized that non-governmental organizations applying for consultative status should provide a comprehensive description of their activities.
Yet another scheme would deploy royalties for natural-resource extraction from the global commons, such as Antarctica and other areas beyond “exclusive [national] economic zones.”
Some are new issues and some are old issues that were debated at length without reaching a consensus during the preparation of the 1993 SNA.
This paper presents effective measures for preventing steel stacks in LAB plant from vibrating in crosswind.
Right of reply
(i) Establishment, assessment and ongoing technical support to over 50 United Nations dispensaries, including the appointment of dispensary physicians, nurses and laboratory technicians and the procurement of additional medical and laboratory supplies and equipment
World Health Organization
Consistent with their obligations under article 27 of the Convention, States parties must also support and strengthen the capacity of families and communities of children orphaned by AIDS to provide them with a standard of living adequate for their physical, mental, spiritual, moral, economic and social development, including access to psychosocial care as needed.
80. "Nuclear-Capable Submarines" includes ballistic missile submarines, cruise missile submarines and attack submarines capable of delivery of nuclear weapons.
The use of space technology was no longer limited to policy makers and experts, but belonged to all people, to meet their common needs.
Well,it's a -- it's a person.
Myanmar has gone through such a challenge recently.
28 July 1978
National Governments, through the Scaling Up Nutrition movement endorsed by the Secretary-General, are taking action to ensure that the right policies are in place to implement programmes to improve nutrition for women.
1997: Baseline Survey & Project start up. Kisoro Mutual Health Insurance Scheme (ILO Geneva)
ISO 3166 numeric
Why do ghosts come back from the dead?
Article 1976 states:
5. With regard to budget methodology, results-based budgeting does not affect the way in which exchange rates, inflation and other costing factors affect the programme budget, and the present programme budget has been prepared on the basis of the same methodology that has been followed for the budget for the biennium 2000-2001 (see paras. 38 to 44 of the introduction).
Article 23 Where any members of the liquidation group violate any laws, administrative regulations or articles of associations of a company during liquidation, hence causing losses to the company or any creditors, if the company or the creditors claim the said members shall assume the liability of compensation, the people’s court shall support the claim according to law.
New Initiative for Pesticide Risk Reduction
CAPDA establishes teams of development promoters in rural areas to combat poverty through training and by building the capacities of rural women, associations and local communities. To this end, it helps to create enabling conditions for these vulnerable groups, in particular, young people, to gain access to the opportunities generated by globalization, including by giving villages access to information and communications technology.
The 2006 Gibraltar Constitution provided for a modern and mature relationship between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, not one based on colonialism.
They 're very nice. MRS.BIRD: No, thank you.
- Incitement to commit a terrorist act or acts constitutes a terrorist offence under articles 11 and 12 of the 2003 Act mentioned above.
Pakistan reported a decrease from 8.8 tons in 2000 to 5.2 tons in 2001.
Secondly, I would like to touch upon the basic concepts to be observed in the international disarmament process.
Advisory services and technical assistance to Cambodia 119. In its resolution 24/29, the Human Rights Council decided to extend by two years the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Cambodia, and requested the Special Rapporteur to report on the implementation of his mandate to the Council at its twenty-seventh and thirtieth sessions.
DKV established the Representative Office in Shenzhen in 1998.
A draft decision to be considered by the Parties under this item can be found as draft decision XXVI/[CC] in section III of document UNEP/OzL.Conv.10/3-UNEP/OzL.Pro.26/3.
(27) The Committee notes that the State party has not yet acknowledged the competence of the Committee to receive and consider communications from individuals under its jurisdiction relating to provisions of the Covenant.
Well, the race to sew up the last couple roster spots for the Tourney of the Americas should provide for an interesting end to camp.
OFID also signed a smallholder risk-sharing agreement with Standard Bank.
15. International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 (29 February 1996; 7 July 2009).
The labor ability assessment includes rating of the degree of physical impediment for labor and the degree of impairment to self-care ability.
13. Recognizes the efforts made by States to implement innovative alternative programmes, inter alia, in reforestation, agriculture and small and medium enterprise, and stresses the importance of the United Nations system and the international community contributing to the economic and social development of the communities that benefit from such programmes;
The question of whether international crimes could be said to be committed in a non-official or private capacity was particularly germane.
The sequel Gender and Media Audience Study (GMAS) found that 15% of women in Lesotho (compared to an average of 12% in the overall regional study) cited news that ask for feedback like letters to the editors and talk shows as amongst their favourite genre.
M. de Saint-Mran had always expressed a desire, in case his death happened during his absence from Paris, that his body might be brought to the family vault
Rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the bureau of any session shall examine the credentials and submit its report to the Conference of the Parties.
Soon he was promoted to be an engineer.
You don't get the transfer,but I'll give you the car.
2.3 On 22 and 23 March 2007, the new conflict arose in Kinshasa, which was regarded as an act of retaliation by the security forces of the newly elected president Joseph Kabila against the followers of Jean-Pierre Bemba.
Strengthening the Department of Public Information, within the existing capacity, in order to support and enhance the United Nations web site in all official languages of the Organization: follow-up
2 October 2014
Will green airplanes take off?
The increased role of Mexican drug dealers was also noted.
Pursuant to rule 20 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, please find attached an explanatory memorandum (annex I) and a draft resolution (annex II). (Signed) John Dauth
It is a quandary Trump seems to grasp.
First of all, because of the nature of the decisions made by the Security Council and the high visibility of its work, the centre of gravity of the United Nations has been progressively shifting towards the Council since the end of the cold war.
During the session, the organizations present reported on their activities and their role in supporting the implementation of the Convention.
233. It is noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee request that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.
This conclusion would appear to be confirmed by photographs taken by the Group during an embargo inspection at the base of the First Armoured Battalion in Akouédo (Abidjan) on 23 August 2007, which clearly show that identical hand grenades were stocked in this base.
In fact, only 15 of the plurilateral trade agreements and 21 of the bilateral trade agreements involving a regional economy contain provisions on accession.
Before concluding my remarks, I should like to direct your attention to a matter that is of the utmost importance for Arab policy: I refer to the need to embark, under your auspices, on the task of building bridges of dialogue - Afro-Arab dialogue, Arab-European dialogue, Arab-Asian dialogue.
On 15 July, ADF shot at and hit two MONUSCO helicopters sent to reconnoitre the site.
Their earnings can vary greatly, depending on business conditions.
In particular, they committed themselves to reducing by half by the year 2015 the proportion of the world's population living in conditions of extreme poverty.
Letter dated 9 December 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
5. Viewed from this angle, the overwhelming majority of weapons are "cluster" weapons.
Select a trait and up with a solution to overcome your weakness.
VII. Impact of servile marriage on girls and women
But we, as writer/producers, don't worry about that  - we make as good a show as we can and see what happens
The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session:
7. The origins of JI under the Kyoto Protocol lie in Article 4, paragraph 2(a), of the Convention, which states that Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties) may implement policies and measures on the mitigation of climate change jointly with other Parties and may assist other Parties in contributing to the achievement of the objective of the Convention.
When are you going to quit acting like a martyr?
Ecology helps us understand complex problems.
Mechanical Clearance: The amount of explosives contained in the MOTAPM is the relevant factor for mechanical clearance.
An approach of adapting rocky desertification convulsion ethnic culture should be taken into account.
They share the limelight by telling stories about star performers.
fate How did you meet( )It was fate.(
Generally speaking, we can say that Mexico is on the right track.
They emphasized that the accepted procedure for the working group since its inception under Commission on Human Rights resolution 1995/32 had been to consider the original text as a basis for all work and discussions addressing the declaration's underlying principles, as well as the specific content of the articles.
(c) A workshop on the application of remote sensing and GIS to early warning systems for food security;
Article 5 ROLE OF SEX AND stereotypes
b Elected by the General Assembly at its 30th plenary meeting, on 22 October 2008, to replace Iceland, which resigned effective 1 January 2009.
To allow Hong Kong service suppliers to provide, in the form of cross-border supply, project management services other than for construction in services related to management consulting.
 They shall not engage in any transaction, acquire any position or function, or have any financial, commercial or other comparable interest that is incompatible with their office, functions and duties, or the discharge thereof.
He received his first official commission, an overture for the marriage of Tsarevich Alexander and Princess Dagmar of Denmark in 1866. s support During the late 1870s, Nadezhda von Meck, widow of a wealthy investor, presented Tchaikovsky with an annuity that allowed him to devote himself entirely to composition
(a) A spreadsheet model was developed to undertake calculations;
The provincial Public Health Bureau told Xinhua that it had investigated, but didn't give specific figure of how many infants were involved.
Yes - No If not, what other sources of income does the household have?
Sub-fund of the Trust Fund for Humanitarian Relief in Iraq
The core of the corporate governance is to ensure scientific decision - making and improve its performance.
Article 7 The determination and adjustment of the price of a commodity which is subject to State stipulated prices or State guided prices shall be approximately the same as the value of the commodity, and shall reflect supply and demand conditions, meet State policy requirements and comply with the following principles: (i) maintain a reasonable relative price relationship between the various commodity prices; (ii) provide explicit quality levels or grade criteria and implement quality pricing; (iii) implement reasonable purchase and sale price differentials, wholesale and retail price differentials, regional price differentials and seasonal price differentials, on the precondition of a reduction of the number of marketing stages through which goods must pass and a reduction of costs incurred in this circulation of goods.
WWSF collaborated with several United Nations Special Rapporteurs.
However, the absence of a legally binding arms trade treaty that could effectively regulate the international trade in conventional arms means that the attainment of universal participation in the United Nations Register continues to be elusive.
In our view, this project merits special attention, because it exemplifies good partnership between a country, IAEA and other international organizations.
http://www.gnb.ca/hrc-cdp/e/Guideline-Social-Condition-Discrimination- NewBrunswick.pdf.
Let the self-correcting nature of automation strain to find the optima which let only the premium through.
The amount proposed took into account, inter alia, the establishment of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK), the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET), the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC), as well as the extension of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (MINURCA).
Asian women by occupation
However, if you don't go there, you cannot imagine it at all that there is such a supernatural place in the world.
(i) Provision of advice on rules of procedure, interpretation and implementation of resolutions and Pension Board/Committee decisions;
In 2005, this Desperate Housewife identified her posterior as her favorite body part.
It leads to increased recognition of the role of land management in development and could increase investments by the domestic public budget as well as by international financial contributions available at the country level.
So the answer is to get into a position where there is no guarantee, implicit or explicit.
I am a good man, in a big company work.
II. Observations
The Conference may wish to consider other matters raised by participants in the course of the session.
Other initiatives are being undertaken by PAHO, the WHO regional office for the Americas, including publications and the organization of meetings at the national and subregional levels on ethnicity and health related to people of African descent and indigenous peoples.
In order to enhance efficiency the deadline for comments should not exceed four weeks.
 (b) Promotion of dairy farming.
Discrimination of diffusivity reduces with the increase of soldering temperature and prolonging of heat-retaining period.
To date there have been no successful prosecutions relating to the financing of terrorism.
(b) Harmonized definition of end products and services, including quality assurance guidelines and emergency warning procedures, in interaction with aviation and other major application sectors;
9. While appreciating the State party's efforts towards implementation of the provisions of the Convention and welcoming the State party's assertion that it is in the process of reviewing, with the aim of removing, its reservations to the Convention, the Committee is concerned about the maintenance of these reservations, which include reservations to article 2, paragraphs (d) and (f), article 5, paragraph (a), article 15, paragraph 4, and article 16, paragraph 1 (c), (e) and (g), of the Convention.
Support provided for removal or reduction of barriers to accessing and using data and information
She had been  cradled  a child of fortune.
If the earth is a ball, why don't we fall off?
At its 71st plenary meeting, on 2 April 2013, the General Assembly decided to consider directly in plenary meeting agenda item 94 entitled "General and complete disarmament", under heading G (Disarmament), and to proceed expeditiously with the consideration of a report by the President of the Final United Nations Conference on the Arms Trade Treaty and a draft resolution.
22. Since the 1960s, agriculture has predominantly been identified as a key driver of deforestation.
International aid programmes and support measures were created on the observed existence of a "North-South" divide.
Good knowledge in GPS ( geometrical production specification ) and can read mechanical part and assembly drawing.
Kyrgyzstan has ratified the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Köyceğiz
The policy of slow-down population growth, enhancement of population quality, equitable distribution of population, and the development of human resources should be incorporated into the said strategy so that a coordinated development of economy and population can be reached.
The Security Council,
Pakistan will continue to follow up the discussions at the 2006 Review Conference.
And we justly, for we are receiving what we deserve for what we did, but this Man has done nothing amiss.
"Successful practices to prevent and eliminate violence against women and criminal justice responses to it, including effective strategies and practices to support the victims of violence: towards an integrated approach"
The transport sector, for its part, has suffered as a result of holds placed on applications for contracts to supply vehicles requested by the water and sanitation services.
Only two had merciful death released from their suffering.
Hit the jump to see photos of a journey I cannot imagine being hungry enough to take.
In that context, I thank UNAIDS and the United Nations Children's Fund for organizing a high-level regional meeting on HIV/AIDS in Kathmandu last February.
They aim at making State institutions more efficient and representative and to promote citizen participation in public affairs.
:: Increasing accountability and efficiency in Latvia: Strengthening Government capacity for strategic planning, transparency, incentives, internal control, participation and oversight has helped reduce state capture and corruption.
It wasn't long before Jonathan Gull was off by himself again, far out at sea, hungry, happy, learning.
Some countries are suffering from financial and economic crises; others are suffering from the severe consequences of global warming; yet others are building new societies as freedom and democracy have replaced dictatorships and repression.
Iniciativa Ciudadana ¡Basta Ya!
The Group reiterates that if the objectives of the Treaty were to be fully realized the continued commitment of all States signatories, especially the nuclear-weapon States, to nuclear disarmament would be essential.
stopover noun [countable] a short stay somewhere between parts of a journey, especially on a long plane journey
(b) Furthermore, it would seem to be out of the question that a State or international organization could formulate a conditional interpretative declaration at any time in the life of the treaty: such laxity would cast an unacceptable doubt on the reality and scope of the treaty obligations;
Concluding observations of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
B. Report of the Standing Committee 108 - 112 23
Ukraine is ready to contribute to those efforts at any time and anywhere.
Note by the Secretariat
I don't even like kohlrabi...but I like planting it with you. I guess what I'm trying to say, Dad, is what every son and daughter wants to say to their Dad today.
On the page displayed, set the options to suit your personal preferences.
Estonia
One day he saw a fisherman on his way to the market to sell a carp he had caught.
The Act also provides for rehabilitation program orders, which require offenders to attend a structured family violence treatment program.
It also provided an opportunity for input in developing a schedule of activities for 2008, particularly the national follow-up seminars.
Administrative expenditures
She resented KO Chung - mou's scornful tone, and his implication that she was a frail, timid creature.
Experience gained from delivering on its mandate since 1972 has allowed UNEP to develop and demonstrate the following comparative advantages:
If you're pregnant, estimating your due date is an important part of your prenatal care.
Creative industries in this emerging industry began to emerge in the competition and become a powerful booster of economic development.
Monitoring adherence to labour law standards by government and corporate entities; and
It begins with a photon of light that produces the energy necessary to release an electron down the carrier chain.
Need for affordable prices and sustainable financing.
Moreover, it acknowledged the attention paid by Dominica to the rights of the child.
8. As to the web-based platform for work and life, five indicators were proposed, namely: infrastructure for wireless, broadband connectivity; number of cell phones per 100 population; number of Internet hosts per 100 population; cost of Internet connection; and e-government applications (list and description of existing applications, with links to them and/or e-government index).
We will implement the Party's policy toward the freedom of religious belief, handle religious affairs according to law, encourage the adaptability of religions to the socialist society and uphold the principle of self-administration and running religious affairs independently.
3. Paragraphs 2 to 13 of the report (A/58/347) provide information on the steps undertaken to expedite the preparation of supplements to the Repertory, and paragraphs 14 to 33 summarize the status of the Repertory.
Para. 19: Ensure the full exercise by members of indigenous communities of the right to enjoy their own culture; settlement of problems related to ancestral indigenous lands (art. 27).
i) Adoption allowance
Assembly/AU/10 (XIV)
Monday, 1 October 2012, from 10:00 to 13:00 and from 15:00 to 18:00 in Conference Room 3 (NLB).
The Crow put an end to the dispute by saying, Your feathers are all very well in the spring, but mine protect me against the winter.
The company's Chairman is Victor Haikal, whose commercial operations have been badly impacted by the war in Lofa County.
Report of the Secretary-General
In this respect, allow me to deal with some specific points that we believe reflect the African vision on all the issues that the Secretary-General has dealt with regarding the United Nations response to disputes on the continent.
International cooperation in the prevention, investigation, prosecution and punishment of fraud, the criminal misuse and falsification of identity and related crimes
 Similarly, I welcome the observers, members of the Steering Committee of the Conference.
Note by the secretariat
III. Future work of the Ad Hoc Group on Article 13 13
5. Mega-trend towards connecting everyone.
One committee has already acted on this bill in the Senate and I look forward to engaging with others as we move forward.
You can combine all three as a composite application to reduce the number of connectors to the mainframe gateway.
Scalable video coding has been shown to be capable of coping effectively with time - varying wireless environment.
Your email will not change the matter, as even the editors are not in control.
H.E. Mr. Le Hoai Trung (Viet Nam)
The substance of paragraph 9 was adopted as drafted.
1. Election of officers
You, members of the General Assembly, know well that Israel had no choice, as you would not either if the lives of your people were at stake.
To facilitate UNCTAD's efforts in this area, there is a strong need for sustained funding of UNCTAD projects, as well as for increased resources in UNCTAD for trade negotiations and commercial policy to maintain accession as a core activity including supporting post-accession follow up.
Law No. 2004/8 On Energy, promulgated by UNMIK Regulation No. 2004/21 of 30 June 2004
Professional contacts with the United Nations Statistics Division, the Statistical Office of the European Communities, coordinated organizations, and some national institutions and professional associations were maintained so as to constantly monitor any innovations in these organizations’ pay systems, together with any methodological developments in the area cost-of-living indices that could be of benefit to the post adjustment system.
The Special Rapporteur stresses that women must be brought into all levels of the United Nations, including in peacekeeping and civilian police units, and those with gender-specific expertises must be included in senior management throughout the Organization if the United Nations is to develop appropriate and effective policies to protect and assist women and girls during and after armed conflict.
The Bureau expressed its most serious concern at the negative implications that this decision may have for the future of the peace process and called for an end to the policies of military occupation, land confiscation and settlement, and for the resumption of negotiations based on the agreements already reached, in a spirit of mutuality and goodwill.
None of this means the uninsured are not a problem.
Further delegation of authority to OHCHR would clearly place accountability and responsibility for such actions with OHCHR.
2. In connection with the negotiation and drafting of treaties, which were a main source of international law, ASEAN believed that the views of as many countries as possible should be taken into consideration and greater efforts made to reach consensus, particularly on controversial issues, with the aim of rendering the final text more conducive to universal acceptance.
I now give the floor to the distinguished representative of Iraq.
It was too late to save the sick boy, and he died.
Western countries must go beyond defending freedom of speech and improving police coordination to develop lasting solutions that address adherents’ economic and social marginalization, while avoiding cultural confrontation and reliance on repression alone.
Germany’s Constitutional Court, of course, does not write the rules.
Universal value
Under this Article, the COP/MOP could decide whether “pursuant to its consideration of the information referred to in” Article 8.5, a given case should be moved to the second step (legal and policy determination of compliance).
Senior administrators of the University of Panama and the Technological University, by sex, 1996 Post
The working group carefully examined the chair's draft and proposed a revised text of the draft compliance mechanisms and procedures which the chair of the group presented to the Committee.
4.d
Ministry of Foreign Affairs
For this, it is imperative for the international community to re-engage on this issue and to revive the momentum for a renewed peace process.
The Legal Status of Aliens and Stateless Persons Act was adopted on 13 March 1996, pursuant to the Constitution.
In its 2003 tender process, UNICEF forecast a requirement of 66.2 million doses over the next three years (i.e., over $30 million at the high price stated above).
(iii) a member of the diplomatic staff of a permanent mission to an international organization or of a special mission, or is recruited to represent a State at an international conference; or
2. In paragraph 4 of its resolution 59/267 of 23 December 2004, the General Assembly decided to discontinue the requirement for the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Joint Inspection Unit.
The two parties reached a settlement upon the spot.
Explanation of virtues is of urgent practical significance as well as of important academic value to the study of virtual ethics.
That could lead to a punishing dollar crisis.
Likely candidates are records of the United Nations Emergency Force, the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia and the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda.
In conclusion, the Group of Eastern European States would like to assure the President-elect of our wholehearted support as we look forward to successful and productive cooperation during the sixty-fifth session.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
Mister Ed had two sons, Robert William, known as Bob, and Redic Earl Jr. , known as Earl.
The Chinese purchases come, however, as the Japanese ministry of finance is trying to encourage more people to buy the country's debt.
This task will have to be carried out through a decision declaring the legal order to have been violated and re-establishing the legality, seriousness, responsibility and dignity of the body in question, so that the interrupted negotiations can be resumed at the point where the infractions occurred.
(g) Contribute to the review and development of policies and procedures related to staff welfare and mental health
Finally, cost overruns were shown because of the delay, from the previous period, in the acquisition of vehicles and the acquisition of information technology equipment in connection with the establishment of 10 remote sites.
To analyze the importance of the medicine human nature from the relation of doctor and the patient, of medicine and humanistic spirits, and the demand of medicine human nature.
12.A.5. Precision tracking systems, usable for systems specified in 1.A., 19.A.1. or 19.A.2. as follows:
Application of methods and tools, including regional models, for assessing impacts and vulnerability and adaptation
There is no need to inform the host in advance or be afraid of interrupting him, you could call on any teacher or scholar you admiring.
and unslinging his gun, restrained himself from his Sunday occupations no longer
:: Provide inputs into the upcoming United Nations technical assessment mission
We are also concerned at the proliferation of General Assembly resolutions on regional disarmament, which can have little practical effect on promoting disarmament activities at the regional level.
he said in the e-mail sent out last week. About 30 trade ministers and 800 government officials are in Geneva seeking a long-sought deal on cuts to import tariffs and subsidies that skew trade in goods from cotton to cars
"5. Further requests the Bureau to make proposals and recommendations to the Committee at its resumed organizational session on subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (g) of paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 54/196, taking into account discussions in the Committee;
A/69/79-E/2014/66
A key general regulatory measure affecting FDI is the fiscal regime.
5. In addition to the activities of armed groups, the absence of State authority in conflict-affected areas and weak accountability and command and control of the national security forces contributed to an environment in which children were victims of grave violations and at a high risk of violence and abuse.
RAILWAY ROLLING STOCK. COIL COATED SHEETS ALUMINIUM AND ALUMINIUM ALLOYS.
The feet of thousands of visitors have worn away the steps.
b. Only 15.8% of all owners are women.
China has a similar programme in place to fund erosion control.
They were also the State's protective and supportive shield.
Good counsel has no price.
Item 8 (c) of the provisional agenda*
In that connection, States should be encouraged to ensure prompt, effective implementation of the legal mechanisms governing the exploitation and utilization of outer space for peaceful purposes. Outer space activities continue to increase and the growing number of outer space objects in orbit presents new challenges.
40. Ms. Mollestad (Norway) said that her country agreed with the emphasis laid in the report on the need to protect the rights of indigenous women and the recommendation that States and enterprises should mainstream gender-sensitivity into their actions and operations.
The bases have been established.
Super saloon car
G. Kabiligi
While it should not include minor uses of force or the so-called "responsibility to protect", it should cover safeguarding the environment and preserving the very existence of the State and its population at a time of public emergency.
People sometimes say of charisma that “we know it when we see it,” but we are also looking in a mirror.
Law enforcement in France
40. States Parties recognised the importance of regional and sub-regional cooperation in assisting national implementation of the Convention and agreed to work together to promote awareness of the implementation of the Convention, to strengthen regional discussions on the intersessional topics and their application.
Sanctions for all forms of discrimination had been continuously expanded and were consistently applied by Austrian courts. This would include compensation for material and immaterial damage.
(iv) Provide for contributions from major groups, taking into account paragraphs 139 (g) and 149 (c) and (d) of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
81. The External Audit after necessary testing of the HCM system considers that the data availability in HR functionality of SAP is quite adequate with a few exceptions.
“Little Things” You Can Do for Your Customers 1) Give each customer an inexpensive flower as he or she leaves your place of business.
In addition, a web site providing access to the Terms of Reference and the Secretary-General's reports in all languages has been set up.
The length of the bridge is 200 metres.
'Global losses could be higher should credit quality worsen and write-downs mount on non-U.S. loans,' the report said.
27.the percentage ofstayed the same between
You cannot release me.
These included matters such as the amendment of rule 50, which had been remitted to the Rules Committee by the plenary, and consideration of a package of amendments proposed by the Registrar relating to the appointment and assignment of counsel, together with certain other matters considered to be appropriate for consideration at the time.
The Working Group has repeatedly noted the need to strengthen coordination of various initiatives in asset recovery.
We'd better get off the lake before the storm breaks, or we'll get soaked.
The definition of torture derived from the Constitution.
Nicotiana alata
The Director noted that fully funding the work plan and restaffing would mean that approximately CHF 490,000 would still be required between 6 September 2011 and the end of the year.
Client Workstation Requirement Specifications
Yeah,but as far as you know, I am!
Efforts in this direction have to continue so that an arrangement can be reached to complement the benefits of an indefinite extension of the NPT and an effective comprehensive test-ban treaty.
First, in countries in which there is fiscal space, they must announce credible fiscal expansions; we – the IMF – believe that, as a whole, a global fiscal expansion about 2% of world GDP is both feasible and appropriate.
Question of Palestine
In the light of the fact that UNIFIL was nearing full deployment, he agreed with the Advisory Committee that commitment authority equivalent to half of the amount corresponding to the requested 51 general temporary assistance positions should be approved.
 In all cases, such consultations may be arranged on the request of the organization.
Takeovers of companies in Asia were worth $7.8bn last year, almost double the previous year's figure.
Disarmament Commission, organizational session [General Assembly resolution S-10/2]
Article14 An auto financing company shall not set up any branch or subsidiary.
Any attempt to enlarge its coverage even before R2P is effectively implemented will only delay, if not derail, such implementation; or worse yet, diminish its value or devalue its original intent and scope.
22. Notes that security and freedom of movement will greatly facilitate recovery initiatives and a return to normalcy in Darfur; stresses the importance of early recovery efforts in Darfur when such interventions are suitable, and in this respect encourages UNAMID, within its current mandate, to facilitate the work of the United Nations country team and expert agencies on recovery and reconstruction in Darfur, inter alia through the provision of area security; calls on all parties to provide unhindered access and on the Government of Sudan to lift all access restrictions, work to resolve the root causes of the Darfur crisis and to increase investment in early recovery activity;
Don't forget to draw a straight line under this word.
Article 7
With regard to the modalities, format and structure of the summit, we support the Secretary-General's recommendations on that subject.
This explains why up to 96% of the women in the rural communities and 83% in the urban communities earned their living mostly from farming, trading, and fishing.
The new ambassador is expected to present his credentials tomorrow.
No substantial improvements have been made in GSP schemes.
Not matter what, get back into the water prior to your personal race or relay to get your mind and body right again.
Only an adult can sign the document.
Scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of impacts of, and vulnerability and adaptation to, climate change
" How about the day after to - morrow? "
Inadequate resources to continue with this time-consuming and labour-intensive discretionary project
Bonus points: If your dog walks around all day with his head covered by the towel and NEVER bumps into anything, give him an extra point .
To play the orator derisive Dickens.
Its headquarters are at Hongkong International terminals the world's largest and busiest privately-owned container terminal operator.
There is nothing that we can do now but pray Cod helps us in our troubles.
I'm a good worker I've worked cable-tool rigs and built railroads, I won' t need any favors Good.
Job agencies are not concerned with these areas and don't take into consideration the women who often don't speak the language properly, and who didn't have the opportunity to receive academic education and training.
It was important to develop transport and communication infrastructure to reduce costs and facilitate exports from LDCs.
 10. The Working Group continued its consideration of the topic at its 9th and 10th meetings, on 25 and 28 March.
With this understanding, indigenous people had the right to own, control, develop and use their lands and resource, including the right to use their own land tenure systems and institutions for resource management and development, to standards consistent with domestic laws.
The working group has met three times since its establishment.
148. The draft contributions are then compiled and discussed at meetings of a coordinating body called "Coormulti", which is based in the Federal Public Service for Foreign Affairs.
Providing a forum for developing countries within the Science and Technology for Development Network (STDev) to share success stories and lessons learned in their respective national efforts to apply science and technology in the fight against poverty.
During her meeting with Mr. Egal, the Independent Expert told him that the police seemed to be handling the matter properly and that they should be encouraged to continue to take human rights violations by members of the police force seriously and to bring the perpetrators to justice.
The employees based in Kuwait were evacuated from Kuwait as follows.
CONNECT A JUMPER WIRE BETWEEN THE KEY - IN IGNITION SW SENSE CKT & GND CKT.
On the other hand, the majority of the poor, especially in rural areas, are left to market forces, and medical expenditure is the second highest cause of rural indebtedness.
Safe-savings Deposits (SSD)
The Legislature may override the Governor's veto.
Stressing that unilateral coercive measures and legislation are contrary to international law, international humanitarian law, the Charter of the United Nations and the norms and principles governing peaceful relations among States,
When the wet clean blankets were stowed in the truck bed he stepped into Higgins's gift shop and busied himself with the postcard rack.
 24. The Advisory Committee recalls that in its report contained in document A/48/961 it had considered the requirements for UNPROFOR for the period from 1 April to 30 September 1994 and made its recommendations to the General Assembly.
In the midst of this battle, Anakin received a priority communiqu é from Supreme Chancellor Palpatine.
8. Calls upon the administering Powers, in cooperation with the respective territorial Governments, to continue to take all necessary measures to counter problems related to drug trafficking, money laundering and other offences;
Besides the lack of a common treasury, the euro suffers from other shortcomings, which the authorities do not seem to have fully understood.
The longer the time of cessation of treatment is, the less recurrence cases of amblyopia are observed.
477. On the prohibition of racist organisations, Portugal remits to its previous reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and to the text of article 240, reproduced supra.
Has the good viscosity control action, may compound the low cost the temperate lavation thing.
 7. Other delegations warmly supported the proposal of the Secretary-General to strengthen the internal oversight mechanism and expressed the view that the strengthening was aimed at better control and evaluation of all programmes and would benefit the implementation of all the priorities.
the catalytic transfer hydrogenolysis with hydrogen donors, hydrogen-donating abilites of various formate salts;
To achieve an even-handed outcome of the negotiations, rules and service sector issues should be addressed together with market access issues, under the "single undertaking" principle.
The early American hero Benjamin Franklin expressed this view best: Do you love life
And turning to Madame Hucheloup, he adde-- Woman ancient and consecrated by use, draw near that I may contemplate thee!
Efforts to deflect an NEO will temporarily put different populations and regions at risk in the process of eliminating the risk to all.
As a rainforest country, Guyana is particularly aware that there is virtually no capital flowing to address tropical deforestation -- despite the fact that it causes 20 per cent of greenhouse gas emissions and, as analyses done by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Nicholas Stern and others have highlighted, doing so is the most cost-effective abatement solution.
04-46464 (E) 020904
246. We recognize that the development of goals could also be useful for pursuing focused and coherent action on sustainable development.
 64. It was so decided.
General temporary assistance
She admit defeat, and pressure resistance, she was very strong, the things that did not beat her, as long as practical willing to do.
The Ministry had also been collaborating with the early childhood survival and development programme supported by UNICEF and the Ministry of Health, in collaboration with NGOs and the Red Cross.
39. The World Urban Campaign is a platform for member States and Habitat Agenda partners to disseminate policies and share practical tools for sustainable urbanization.
Therefore, if CJEC uses the expression "the lighter penalty" to refer in general to a criminal statute that is less severe both in terms of the magnitude of the penalty and because it narrows or even abolishes the offence, the wording of article 15 of the Covenant should no longer be understood to refer strictly to laws that reduce the penalty.
Options for the configuration of a future mission
(d) Human Rights Council and its subsidiary bodies.
In a letter dated 30 October 2011, Dr Abbasi referred to his previous discussions with the Director General and expressed the will of Iran "to remove ambiguities, if any", suggesting that the Deputy Director General for Safeguards (DDG-SG), should visit Iran for discussions.
96. The Committee welcomed the approach outlined by the President of the Conference of Non—Governmental Organizations in Consultative Relationship with the United Nations (CONGO) in her presentation, which indicated that CONGO would be undertaking wide-ranging consultations with non—governmental organizations in all regions of the world and with member States to address those concerns.
On 13 November 2007, the author made a request to the Head of the Presidential Administration that his written arguments, challenging the reply of 1 November 2007, be transmitted directly to the President.
Chapter Four is devoted to the discussion of the relationship between survival and trauma and the recovery process through writing his own traumatic experiences.
The Panel subsequently exchanged letters with his legal counsel.
270. The Committee recommends that the State party, taking into account the recommendations formulated following its Day of General Discussion on children without parental care in September 2005 (see CRC/C/153), develop and implement a comprehensive policy for children in need of alternative care, which should include measures to:
All current owners of an ABT Sportsline tuned car that was manufactured at least 20 years ago are invited to contact the company.
But spelling is ancillary to a language's real complexity; English is a relatively simple language, absurdly spelled.
 Some of those resources are probably being spent in a worthwhile way; others are not.
107. The sponsor delegation expressed preference for advance clarifications from the Secretariat because the information provided would help the delegation to decide how best to approach the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations on the question.
The records of the ongoing military operations in this area in 1990 have indeed not been accessed or produced and no detention records or information relating to the cordon and search operation have been adduced.
In vocational schools, women accounted for 48.8 per cent of teachers, and 74.2 per cent in technical colleges.
In this paper. the dehydrogenation activities of Secondary Alcohol over Ni - ultrafine particle catalyst has been studied.
It had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting (E/CN.3/2000/12).
This is a rather high threshold which would imply that subsequent practice under article 31 (3) (b) does not simply refer to subsequent practice as a means of identifying any agreement, but that it rather requires a particularly broad-based, settled, and qualified form of collective practice in order to establish agreement between the parties regarding interpretation.
It also recommends informing consumer organizations about the possible presence of counterfeit drugs, as well as advising consumers to buy only from legitimate sources and to report conditions not responding to drug treatment.
The approach is consistent with the activities set out in the project plan and provides adequate resources to complete the build of Umoja Extension 1, provide necessary support for cluster 1 and cluster 2 sites and deploy the solution in cluster 3 during 2014.
The Group is investigating FARDC commanders and the traders in Goma who profit from this trade.
"I've seen a couple of Obama faces made in the United States, but ours is the best," he boasted
13. Substantial progress has been made in the realization of the objectives of the Vienna Convention and the Montreal Protocol, as amended.
In contrast, when you're solidly connected to a personally meaningful purpose, you're able to focus on making real progress.
Mr Stephen YIP Moon-wah, JP
Herrengasse
LIAONING HONGYU INTERNATIONAL FREIGHT FORWARDER CO. LTD.
3. Directs the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990) to authorize, on the basis of specific requests, reasonable expenses related to the Hajj pilgrimage, to be met by funds in the escrow account;
Scientists are trying to map the surface of the moon.
12. While the adequacy of water required for the right to water may vary according to different conditions, the following factors apply in all circumstances:
I talked with Lotte concerning the incredible delusion of the human mind.
It is known that turbine governor is one of the important equipment in the hydropower station.
Well, what if Booth is Booth Lite?
Fine grains of dust can reflect blue light, which coarse grains of dust can not.
ISSN 0257-0645
Subsequently, in its report for this year, the Conference recommends the reappointment of the Special Coordinators as early as possible in its 2002 session.
It was also stressed that the opportunity cost of not providing for such negotiations should be taken into account.
The painting was withdrawn when it did not reach its reserve.
The State shall adopt measures to ban coke making by indigenous methods.
Table 11
Water resources is a sensitive element for natural resources planning and territorial management in arid land.
I believe that we must supplement optimism with courage and the will to change.
In art appreciation, the aesthetic perception of the work of social utilitarianism.
To date, the trials of 77 defendants have been completed; 74 of them were convicted of at least one charge and three acquitted of all charges.
and there's nothing we can do to change it.
This past summer was the first summer that I did not visit the little green cottage by the sea, and I cannot help but miss her.
At the same time, the Committee notes that significant resources are proposed for the hiring of aircraft for special political missions at commercial rates.
3.What's your idea
 The development of transport linkages in mainland Asia was promoted through Asian Land Transport Infrastructure Development (ALTID), which comprised projects on the Asian Highway, the Trans-Asian Railway and facilitation of border crossings.
The document will be published in English and Arabic, and will aim at supporting project replication and follow-up efforts in the region;
Abdullah appears to be genuinely worried about the situation says a foreign diplomat in Kuala Lumpur.
The Policy Committee should be closely coordinated with the CEB machinery on issues of a system-wide nature.
Oscar : Nope. Nothing as luxurious as any of those. Just a of English video cassettes.
"Have the gates of death been revealed to you, Or have you seen the gates of deep darkness
Follow-up to the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family and beyond
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/68/449 and Corr.1)]
These documents, which were signed at a public ceremony, should have a positive influence on the work of other commissions.
By helping to increase the demand for goods, it increases the number of workers needed to supply the goods and,therefore, provides employment.
The President: In accordance with General Assembly resolution 33/18, of 10 November 1978, and decision 53/453, of 18 December 1998, I now call on the observer for the International Organization of la Francophonie.
The report says Morgan strongly opposes the film's Oscar application as a foreign language film.
Article 18: Resident foreign journalists shall notify in writing the Information Department of their departure 30 days before they leave their posts and have their Foreign Journalist Cards cancelled in the Information Department or the authorities entrusted by it before their departure from China.
Until his Medicare plan was rolled out in early April he had spent months bathing in warm approbation from many pundits, who had decided to anoint him as an icon of fiscal responsibility.
The author was not given a heavier penalty, despite the fact that a new law (Act No. 599/2000) which imposed a heavier penalty had come into effect by the time the cassation judgement was handed down.
25. It was also suggested that further references to the provisions of other international instruments and the jurisprudence of the treaty bodies could be incorporated in the commentary.
B. Attendance
-->Ocean Park (Cable Car)
The Forum should therefore assist in the development of a mechanism to ensure that scientists from economically disadvantaged countries have a voice in international forest and related processes;
But bigger than any numerical adjustment is the shift in mood.
B. CASWANAME Bureau
The process of implementing the provisions of the Convention in national legislation in Kyrgyzstan is ongoing.
Item 2 of the provisional agenda
It is estimated that 70 per cent of Professional and Field Service staff are classified as mission appointees.
At its 9th meeting, on 31 August 2007, the Preparatory Committee decided without a vote to recommend for the Durban Review Conference the provisional rules of procedure as contained in the appendix below.
VA - Value added
So you'll excuse me if I savour the moment.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Slovakia
A mix of contraceptive methods should be available and accessible to meet the diverse needs of individuals, so that they can choose the type of method that is best for their circumstances.
I had a lower salary whereas they had been bought for a lot of money. That made it easier to put me on the bench.
I'd expect to see a strong team sent out against Unirea. We can't afford to be complacent and field all the fringe players and kids.
This letter is worth reading for at least two reasons.
IV. Nuclear-weapon-free zones
That my'--she stopped, and wept outright; upset at the bare notion of relationship with such a clown.
I was based in Russia during the war.
This ought not to be expected.
Old Serbia
The Global Renewable Energy Fund of Funds should help close the financing gap for developing renewable energy markets and services worldwide.
Adopted decision 2011/11 on the Global Environment Facility: amendments to the Global Environment Facility Instrument.
Pelagonija stated that the equipment was unable to be shipped due to Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The Committee emphasized the importance of Governments taking action to mitigate any tendency towards rising inequality.
On 10 March 2003 the Sierra Leone Special Court issued its first set of indictments against seven persons accused of war crimes, crimes against humanity and other violations of international humanitarian law.
Ensure that the financial regulations and rules of the Organization are abided by and fully upheld in all phases of this mission (para. 25).
One night I was out with a friend, and I saw a woman I wanted to ask out, but I just couldn't build up the nerve to do it.
It was noted that the ISU provides "value-added" services with regard to the implementation of the Convention, without replacing the efforts of individual States Parties.
Table 3 Number of developing countries and territories in the Millennium Development Goals indicators database, by number of indicator series for which trend analysis is possible, as of July 2011a
David, congratulations on your marriage.
 It also recognized the example of international cooperation in the World Meteorological Organization in the exchange of meteorological data as provided for in World Meteorological Congress resolution 11.4/1 of 21 June 1995.
Give me some prescription, please.
P. S. : we got these spoof paintings by email and do not know who actually did them.
The following needs were expressed:
The Government has been a catalyst in the promotion of comprehensive, multisectoral action that addresses injury prevention at local, regional, provincial, territorial, and national levels.
Working towards the elimination of crimes against women and girls committed in the name of honour
Treaty Research (English)
They saw the great opportunity to corner the market and earned a lot of money.
(b) Adoption of the agenda and organization of work.
Drastic changes.
She whipped off to Wuhan yesterday.
4. Disarmament
I'd say nothing. nothing's good.
Our battle against Sars has won Singapore international accolades which every Singaporean should be proud of.
And Agrippa [said] unto Festus, I also could wish to hear the man myself. To-morrow, saith he, thou shalt hear him.
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Human Rights Act in anticipation that it will contribute to the implementation of the Convention.
But a lot of other things can kill you too, things that the state may be in a position to prevent.
Production was mainly based on slave labor, so the citizens had no need to increase production with practical innovations.
Well,the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut raj in half.
The Special Rapporteur's recommendations focused on the measures necessary to ensure that continued poverty reduction would be enjoyed equally by all Vietnamese people, particularly the most vulnerable groups, such as ethnic minorities and those living in rural areas.
1947 World Fencing Championships
Let us remember that the United States is the single largest source of humanitarian assistance to Cuba.
19.If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion; if she is not emotional, she needs reason; if she is not reasonable, she has to know herself clearly.
To advance this great cause requires the joint efforts of the central government, the Hong Kong SAR government and all the Hong Kong people.
With the usual drivers of GDP growth constrained across Europe, the one economic sector able to spend is the non-financial corporate sector.
Commodities
2. Based on the above corrections, the revised category "C" claim total recommended awards by instalment are as follows:
Mr. Houngbo led a mission to Burundi from 21 to 25 May, which comprised representatives from the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and OHCHR, and worked closely with ONUB and the United Nations Country Team.
Which is where, in Dr Webster's elegant phrase, fatal feline attraction comes in.
Budget and funding processes also differed, with development budgets often being planned in advance.
In all, there were 5,400 articles of gold and of silver. Sheshbazzar brought all these along when the exiles came up from Babylon to Jerusalem.
 50. It was 20 years since Malta had abolished capital punishment for ordinary crimes.
8. Adoption of the report.
The Committee noted with satisfaction the increase in the availability of space-based information, as well as in the provision of expertise to support emergency relief efforts, as indicated by the level of support provided during the recent natural disasters of the earthquake in the Sichuan Province of China, Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar and the floods in Namibia.
An important activity by ECE towards achieving this aim has been the support of the Cooperative Programme for the Monitoring and Evaluation of the Long-range Transmission of Air Pollutants in Europe (EMEP).
The detailed overview on the content and principles of compilation of the quality reports were presented.
Profundiconus tuberculosus
Pepe Habichuela
In stating that there were no temporary special measures in Cape Verde, the report meant simply that at the present time there is no legislative measure in force establishing quotas for women, notwithstanding that affirmative action has been taken, as detailed below.
The results of the present study indicate that the organism can acclimatize to different culture conditions and to a wide range of culture media with production of more than one metabolite.
A document presented by Berger in Moldova to the Defence Ministry, shows that he had power of attorney to act on behalf of Pecos.
Nevertheless, we believe that an open cycle is to be preferred over the next several decades.
The activities constituting offences under the aforementioned draft decree are as follows:
The process of sperm production, spermatogenesis, takes place in testes.
' And does she go from Suez directly to Bombay
At the same time, he stressed the importance of implementing the provisions of resolution 53/195 concerning training programmes for countries with economies in transition and involving experts from those countries in the preparation of training materials.
86. The delegation reaffirmed the readiness of Hungary to cooperate with international organizations that expressed concerns about the new media legislation.
Similar workshops were organized for Central and East Africa in Ethiopia and for the Arab States in Yemen.
I can't get through to this number. Would you dial it for me?
The Force will be stabilized at a strength of 2,000 all ranks by the end of 2002.
 Delegations were further encouraged to submit to the Secretary or the Chairman any relevant documentation or written statements in advance of such meeting.
It's warmer than yesterday.
Slovenian Supercup
 3. Also requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy, to improve management and to include in the above-mentioned report on this item to the General Assembly the steps taken to improve management;
9. The Panel's recommendations presented youth as an asset, not as a problem.
9. Commends the work carried out by the independent expert and welcomes his report (E/CN.4/2003/115);
Recognizing the importance of scientific and technical cooperation in earth observations and sciences, Parties have increased networking, coordination and partnerships in climate research at the international level.
He is a nine-year-old boy.
(b) Increased number of visitors accessing the ESCAP website, which provides information on strategies and policy options promoted by ESCAP on information and communications technology connectivity and disaster risk reduction, including those related to climate change adaptation
 1952-1960: Executive member, Samaj Sudhar Association (Social Reform Association).
At its 209th meeting, on 20 November 2008, the Committee endorsed a discussion paper prepared by the Executive Directorate which outlined procedures for "stocktaking" of each Member State's implementation of resolution 1373 (2001).
The study also draws that the volume of intra-industry trade has developed very fast.
Sung Jae-gi
The meeting of the Sun to Saturn will occur then, and is considered a very weighty aspect.
The paper firstly tries to talk about some concepts which include the urban residential area, scale, ecological design and so on.
Greater attention must be given to the informal economy as it does not provide social protection and may deepen gender inequalities.
 "We scientists have the responsibility of expressing ourselves on items on which we have specific knowledge.
While legislative assistance may often focus on specific aspects of the Convention, it is important that assistance efforts also include general laws for international cooperation in criminal matters.
43. With regard to the Fund's budget, she said that the administrative expenses were separated into three main components: administrative, investment and audit costs.
National Council of German Women's Organizations
Private institutions in OECD Development Assistance Committee countries contributed more than 99 per cent of such flows, or approximately $18.3 billion.
Savimbi Ding Ding: I do not approach any of the music of bias.
On the night of Tuesday, the 17th we got a fire alarm going off in the rear wing of 213, Stygian Street.
Second, as the role of the P-5 Senior Coordination Officer for the Office of the Special Representative was important, particularly in coordinating the United Nations country team and donor community, his delegation would like it to be retained; it was unconvinced by the recommendation of the Advisory Committee that the Chief of Staff in that Office could or should perform the functions in question.
In recognition of the absence of a fully functioning Government, the second approach seeks to increase support for the role that the aid community must play in the design, implementation and execution of the reconstruction and development programmes in Afghanistan.
To respect it means to respect the country.
88. The Islamic Human Rights Commission has been very active since its inception in following up complaints, conducting numerous visits to prisons and other judicial centres to verify observance of human rights standards, and carrying out research and training activities in the field of human rights.
That might require living celibately, learning to deflect sexual impulses or framing a life of struggle as an opportunity to grow closer to God.
Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that there were currently no staff in OHCHR working on the issue of the human rights of older persons.
Distr.: General
In this context, the ministers and other heads of delegations underlined the following issues:
To be held on Thursday, 28 June 2001, at 10 a.m.
have received an Engineer Qualification Certificate.
The following illustrate such activities: water management studies in Kiribati in the South Pacific; education for sustainable village living in Samoa (Saanapu/Sataoa villages) and Papua New Guinea (the Motu/Koitabu villages).
'I repeat I freely consent to go with you as your fellow-missionary, but not as your wife; I cannot marry you and become part of you.
While establishing and improving the social security system, we shall explore the right path for investment management and establish a fund supervision and management system coordinative with the fund management system in accordance with the fund management principles of different security projects.
A. Draft resolutions A/C.2/64/L.13 and A/C.2/64/L.63
International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI)
He expected to visit Tunisia in 2010, before going to Peru and Chile. He also hoped to visit Algeria, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippines and Thailand. He thanked Iceland for its invitation and said he hoped to engage soon in consultations with the Russian Federation.
Pilot projects are carried out.
Ferramosca was pronounced dead at the scene, but desperate attempts to reanimate Neri at the hospital failed.
The mayor made a speech on TV last night
However, the Committee is of the opinion that there is room for further improvement by avoiding repetitions throughout the document and by formulating more precise indicators of achievement and introducing a greater number of performance measures.
A model descents in the air along a vertical T-stage in a "Fashion Show in the Air" held on the bank of Taiping Lake in Shanghai, east China, Oct. 23, 2004.
" He then stormed out of the house, leaving the Bible.Many years passed and the young man was very successful in business.
They have agreed to protect existing bilateral conventions.
Most of the work in identifying and remedying violations must be accomplished by domestic institutions.
These systems governed their entries and exits.
The following postal slogan will be used during the period specified below:
In participating in source project so, come, also be a good way that markets oneself to the whole world.
And as they were going out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name; this one they compelled to take up His cross.
Hydroponic (indoor) cultivation of cannabis continued to be reported by Australia and countries in Europe and North America.
(c) Article 16, paragraph 1 (c), relating to the rights arising upon the dissolution of a marriage in connection with maintenance and compensation;
The official website of the Federal Migration Service of the Russian Federation refers to 3,331 families from Georgia, consisting of 4,234 persons, which have applied for recognition as refugees in the Russian Federation during the period from 2004 to October 2009; 157 families, consisting of 200 persons, which have been recognized as refugees and remained registered as such by the Federal Migration Service at the end of October 2009; and 1,828 families, consisting of 2,160 persons, which were granted temporary asylum during the same period.
14. In accordance with the law, State health-care institutions provide both free and private medical care.
Robot Operating System
Then I was beside Him, as a master workman; And I was daily His delight, Rejoicing always before Him,
1. The present report has been prepared in response to the request made by the General Assembly in its resolution 64/224 that the Secretary-General submit to the Assembly at its sixty-fifth session a report on developments related to global efforts to address agriculture development and food security, including progress in implementing the outcome of the World Summit on Food Security, under the item entitled "Agriculture development and food security".
This divorce is not going well.
Finally, current resources allow little room for the coordination of translation of the Department's various web sites, which are numerous, content-rich and dynamic, requiring updating on a weekly, if not daily, basis.
It's a small small world.
United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement, Washington DC, 22 November 2006. Annex III
16. Calls upon all authorities in Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate fully with the Commission, and specifically calls upon the Republika Srpska to increase its cooperation with the Commission;
Several representatives noted that developing countries might require capacitybuilding or other support to ensure synergies in implementation at the national level, which might take the form of pilot projects, field missions by secretariats or the involvement of the UNEP Division of Environmental Law and Conventions.
590. The Committee invites the State party to submit a consolidated second, third and fourth report, by 12 November 2010 (the due date of the fourth report).
63. The most recent international conferences on social protection and employment organized by the World Bank focused on achieving social protection for all and disseminating the lessons of public works experiences.
85. The Special Rapporteur also presented draft articles relating to the responsibility of a State in connection with the wrongful act of an international organization namely draft articles 25 to 29: article 25 "Aid or assistance by a State in the commission of an internationally wrongful act by an international organization", article 26 "Direction and control exercised by a State over the commission of an internationally wrongful act by an international organization", article 27 "Coercion of an international organization by a State", article 28 "Use by a State that is a member of an international organization of the separate personality of that organization", and article 29 "Responsibility of a State that is a member of an international organization for the internationally wrongful act of that organization".
Now all uses the energy in the study, future will repay the parents to raise graciousness.
The timetable originally envisaged for preparation of the study had to be adjusted on account of initial staff and resource constraints.
The Special Comment was written by Dr. Mary Robinson.
 24. Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba (P.24).
66/58. United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa
General agreement
To further combat copyright piracy, the Prevention of Copyright Piracy Ordinance (Amendment of Schedule 1) Order 2002 came into effect on 19 July 2002, requiring manufacturers of stampers in Hong Kong to obtain a licence as well.
If we promote international solidarity, including through the Olympic ideal, all the weapons created by this civilization will be rendered superfluous.
Alternative measures could be applied to juvenile offenders, such as judicial admonition; intensified supervision; and committal to a disciplinary centre for juveniles, an educational institution, an educational-reformatory home or another type of rehabilitation institution.
 In general the lessons reinforced the basic EMPRETEC concept, while suggesting needed refinements in the modalities of implementation.
She asked whether the Special Rapporteur could comment further on the nature of, and possible responses to, threats to humanitarian and health workers in Rakhine State.
It invites the Secretary-General to present to the members of the Council periodic reports on such disputes, including, as appropriate, early warnings and proposals for preventive measures.
The Hague Bangkok
Rule 4
Committed to strengthening international environmental governance within the context of the institutional framework for sustainable development in order to promote a balanced integration of the economic, social and environmental dimensions of sustainable development as well as coordination within the United Nations system,
(a) Elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;
44. While it was recognized that all graduated countries had continued to face high vulnerabilities to different kinds of shocks, they were also seen to experience continued economic and social progress after graduation.
Government
And find his sister. Find Shannon.
Human Rights Council, Working Group on the use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination, twentieth session [Human Rights Council resolution 7/21]
Article 46.Performance by foreign performers taking place in China shall be protected by the Law.
Conglomerate companies of the United Kingdom
The brain works not by dint of its bulk properties but because neurons are wired up in amazingly specific and idiosyncratic patterns.
2. Report of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994: note by the Secretary-General (A/65/188); and Report of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991: note by the Secretary-General (A/65/205): joint debate [71 and 72]
For many travelers, the most odious aspect of the baggage fee is the anticipated battle for overhead-bin space.
Everyone knows that, in a globalized world, the consequences of our actions transcend the territories of our countries and affect the entire planet.
Mr. Hellgren (Sweden): I should like to speak on behalf of the European Union (EU) in connection with draft resolution A/C.1/64/L.39, entitled "Developments in the field of information and telecommunications in the context of international security".
Accused persons applying for the legal aid programme had to fill in a form entitled "Request for assignment of counsel", which detailed their assets and the Registrar assigned counsel from the list of potential counsel set forth in article 45 of the rules of procedure and evidence.
The oral amendment to operative paragraph 2 of draft resolution P was adopted.
Identify the maximum LUX required at individual facilities.
This method has been verified by numerical simulation with the model of a spherical sound source, and good results have been obtained.
5. Safeguards experiences during decommissioning of a pilot reprocessing plant
(a) Prosecuting perpetrators under article 333 of the Criminal Code criminalizing female genital mutilation (ibid., paras. 155 and 482);
Report of Working Group II on agenda item 5
(a) Items arising from previous sessions of the Commission;
11. Condemns the abduction of children in situations of armed conflict and into armed conflict, urges States, international organizations and other parties concerned to take all appropriate measures to secure the unconditional release, rehabilitation, reintegration and reunification with their families of all abducted children, and urges States to bring the perpetrators to justice;
1. Objective of cargo security
28. The Government had been leading the exceptional efforts deployed to address malnutrition and its causes.
Calling attention to the need for more work to develop port State measures and schemes, and the critical need for cooperation with developing States to build their capacity in this regard,
The real threat to our future security is therefore no longer military aggression but deteriorating economic conditions.
Copa América Centenario
NOVA joins a new generation of archeologists as they probe areas of Machu Picchu that haven't been touched since the time of the Incas and unearth burials of the people who built the sacred site.
Recalling also its resolution 47/233 of 17 August 1993 on the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly,
Annex
As Cyclone Yasi stormed towards the Queensland Coast, we tracked the news from the ground, the web and around the world.
- this includes households and institutional premises. Waste collected from residential buildings, public litter bins, streets, marine areas and country parks also comes under this category.
13. Her delegation believed that States should collaborate more extensively on judicial, police and customs questions, particularly at the regional level.
He gazed upon Marius with the eyes of a grandmother. He brooded over him while he ate.
If these fundamental accounting assumptions are not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;
5. Two Orthodox churches were destroyed over the reporting period: one at Podgorce (MNB (East)) on 30 June, and a second at Pomazatin (MNB (Centre)) on 16 July.
Suriname
This delay, compared with projections in the previous report, is caused by parallel assignments to other cases of all judges and legal staff involved.
There were several factors contributing to the problem, not any one in particular
Although the report refers to the basic problem of identifying the origin of diamonds (paras. 88 and 92), this extremely complex question is not properly developed and is visibly underestimated.
The Acting President (spoke in Arabic): We shall now proceed to consider draft resolution A/61/L.9.
Reaction allowing the material to cure before the platinum be poisoned.
I found him by the dumpster.
Summary
start button starter generator starter pedal starting air starting air bottle starting air cylinder starting compressor starting crank starting current starting engine starting gear starting handle starting ignition starting lever starting magneto starting motor starting pedal starting period  starting power starting resistance starting rheostat starting torque starting valve state of aggregation state of equilibrium state of rest state of stress state parameter state variable
The Government should abolish the military court during peacetime and require that lawsuits involving military personnel and civilian workers in the military take place in regular civilian courts.
Tenth session
In this context, the Committee also recommends that the State party strengthen its technical cooperation with, among others, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
In this context, and if the fiscal responsibility demonstrated in recent years persists, Nigeria is well positioned to implement an ambitious programme to fully develop its economy.
Opportunities are available for adults to study in their spare time, either for personal development or to update knowledge and skills relevant to their work.
(a) Some assets purchased were still valued at zero.
The petitions challenged legislation that predetermined that ownership or use of a vehicle would preclude eligibility for unemployment benefit.
Sections of the Penal Code Amendment Act No. 1 of 1997 addressed sexual offences.
There are a number of small factories processing soap, perfume and alcohol.
If we fail to prevent the destruction and desecration of religious sites we are in essence allowing the fundamental principles of tolerance and respect for diversity to be challenged.
COMPARISON RESEARCH ON "BIZARRE EARTHQUAKE SWARMS" AND TECTONIC EARTHQUAKES IN KASHI
Type I
If we are to keep this de facto regional trade round moving forward, we need more than just the TTIP and the TPP to do the peddling.
Senior UNDP management noted that it had to deal with discontent from its own senior field staff as well as some senior managers at headquarters who complained that, in the past 12 months, 60 per cent of UNDP-RR jobs went to individuals originating from non-UNDP entities.
United Nations
UNVs Abbreviations: DSRSG, Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General; FS, Field Service; NGS, national General Service; NPO, National Professional Officer; SRSG, Special Representative of the Secretary-General; UNV, United Nations Volunteer.
Collaboration with NGOs
Accountability frameworks and underlying systems are necessary but not sufficient for accountability to be a value lived and implemented by 100 per cent of the staff.
In the chimpanzee world, as in the human world, meat is valuable--and extremely so in the wild.
How to Offer Translation theory and Skills to Non English Majored Students.
Poverty, or austerity now for prosperity later, is no longer an acceptable trade-off for people who want development here and now.
That assertion has also been attested to by the Director General of the IAEA in his various public statements.
World
Concerning the preconditions for the exercise of jurisdiction, option 1 in paragraph 2 of article 7 was the only acceptable approach.
 By means of water sector assessments, diagnostic studies, and national and water basin programmes related to water resources planning and management, an integrated approach is applied to water use and the equitable allocation of water among users.
UNIFEM will invest, in particular, in maximizing the efforts of its Goodwill Ambassador to leverage support for Trust Funds from a wide range of corporate and individual donors.
144. The Board noted through inspection of the Stock Material Inspection Office physical verification reports that there were instances where equipment was moved from one location to another, there was no notification to the Stock Material Inspection Office in accordance with MSP No. 8.
Kenya attaches special importance to South-South cooperation.
However, the recent adoption of the minimum 30 per cent quota for women may stimulate progress in that sector.
1. At its 19th meeting, on 20 September 2002, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-seventh session the item entitled "Operational activities for development" and to allocate it to the Second Committee.
It was, however, also a concern of the Federal Government, which had accordingly framed a model law in order to safeguard women's rights and interests.
10. Djizak region
Spending time with my mom has taught me the importance of slowing down.
[[Decides [to establish][the prompt start of] the clean development mechanism [on an interim basis, in observance of Article 12, paragraph 10 of the Kyoto Protocol and] in accordance with decision [...] and the annex on modalities and procedures.
Entry into a home against the will of the occupant is permitted only in the cases laid down by or pursuant to Act of Parliament, only by those designated in the same way for the purpose and subject to certain specific conditions (art. 12 of the Dutch Constitution).
if he didn't pull me out,then what did?
Documentation
These regulations have a strong environmental element aiming, inter alia, at the protection and conservation of the natural resources of the Area and the prevention of damage to marine biodiversity.
Room 5
Sanyo said it was considering various options concerning its preferred shares, but hadn't made a formal decision.
State party's further observations on the merits
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.6
11 December 1986
Of 16,044,000 working women, 6,773,000 are single (i.e. unmarried or separated); 1,457,000 of the single women have children (May 2000).
Unfortunately, however, those peoples today had a greatly distorted perception of its work.
At intervals between 0400 and 0500 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
Substantive session of 2005
Many people hang wreaths on the window at Christmas.
In this regard, the State party should introduce special training for health personnel aimed at raising awareness about the harmful effects of forced sterilization.
Studies have shown that tannic acid can remove the smear layer, but it has not yet been used in clinical root canal treatment.
Could you offer the relative plans which fits to our plan.
The main sign of impending miscarriage is vaginal bleeding.
Thus, the Council might wish to further clarify the way it interacts with the commissions and the scope of the latter’s responsibilities, in order to fulfil its obligation of providing overall guidance and coordination.
International Labour Organization Convention No. 105 concerning the Abolition of Forced Labour; Convention No. 100 concerning Equal Remuneration for Men and Women Workers for Work of Equal Value; Convention No. 111 concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and Occupation.
91. The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to address the urgent needs and rights of homeless children, especially with regard to their housing, health and education.
In addition, a discussion is now taking place on legislative instrument No. 3778, which has, since 1967, governed matters related to the import, sale, possession, use and bearing of firearms.
What have we left behind (ie after going away)?
FDI made up 28 per cent of total infrastructure investment in developing countries during 1996 - 2008, while domestic private investors made up 23 per cent (UNCTAD, 2010b).
It takes about 15 minutes to walk to Liu Man Shek Tong Ancestral Hall from Sheung Shui MTR Station or Sheung Shui Bus Terminus.
Letter dated 12 June 2009 from the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Moldova to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Domestic or non-domestic in nature, it imposes an additional burden on women in their everyday existence, creating a "feminist burden" hinged on the principle of discrimination and inequality.
By the end of the current year, Lithuania, which was already a party to numerous international legal instruments, would ratify the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees.
In modern city sewage conduit construction, what mainly uses is top pipe's job practice.
Further recommendations are now being carried forward.
Moreover, measures will be taken to prevent the entry into or transit through Croatian territory of the persons referred to in annex I of resolution 1747 (2007).
10. Provisional agenda and documentation for the 2011 session of the Committee.
Department of Economic and Social Affairs
And I, like a 7)pervert, kissed the photograph all the time
CERD/C/452/Add.3
18. Among other actions, Ministers reaffirmed their commitment to achieving the goal of sustainable development including through the implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
Portugal welcomed the NHRAP, the death penalty moratorium, and efforts to improve access to drinking water.
They sent you in here to broker a deal,didn't they?
Trust Fund to Support Lasting Peace in Darfur
I could see no valley, no farms, no cottages and no church spire -- only a lake.
The proposed budget for MONUSCO for the period from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012 has been submitted to the General Assembly for consideration during the second part of its resumed sixty-fifth session.
In that sense, the Chairperson noted that he was satisfied to see that the World Bank now had a totally new view on human rights and development and was now proposing methodological approaches which took account of current difficulties in relationships between nations.
The debt to Member States was extremely high and delays were due not only to the failure to pay assessed contributions (four countries accounted for 68 per cent of the peacekeeping arrears as at 15 October 2004) but also to the slowness in processing requests for reimbursement.
During the special session members of the Inter-Agency Committee prepared panels, presentations and exhibitions.
Page
The Working Group is chaired by IMF and includes the Bank for International Settlements, the European Central Bank, Eurostat, OECD and the United Nations.
In brief, we should make a success of the conference.
"10. Urges Member States to make voluntary contributions to the Trust Fund, particularly during the critical transitional period;
There are many treaties that contain prohibitions on the accumulation of space debris, including the 1967 Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the 1972 Convention on International Liability for Damage Control by Space Objects, and the Space Debris Mitigation Guidelines of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
Meanwhile, many new crafting techniques and decorative Methods: Were also developed.
One mistake could have resulted in a huge loss, so that the diamond expert under of a lot of tension when he began to work.
Preparatory Committee Meeting on the 4th Session of the Financing for Development, New York, 14-25 January 2002
 223. The terms of reference of the newly established Committee, reaffirmed by the Council in its resolution 1992/62, include the mandate of the original Committee (see General Assembly resolution 37/250, sect.
In fact, the rights to freedom, housing, social security and education, or the rights to vote and take part in the conduct of public affairs, were virtually impossible to realize in conditions of poverty.
These policies appear to be directly aimed at preventing the villagers from returning to their homes or being in a position to provide any support to the rebels.
2. To note with appreciation Namibia's submission of its plan of action, and to note also that, under the plan, Namibia specifically commits itself:
Thats too expensive. Sue: Hmm.
Had systematic manipulation occurred, one-third of the races would not have gone to runoffs.
The General Assembly, as recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 5 (b) of its report (A/69/567), designated Mr. Kingston Papie Rhodes (Sierra Leone) as Chair of the International Civil Service Commission for a four-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2015.
85. Extrabudgetary accounts.
CFB
Children will only be entitled to receive the benefit if they are under 21 years old and provided that there is no spouse entitled to the pension.
NEA Couldpromote root growth of nc wheat, soybean and sugarbeet at seedling stage.
Member of the editorial committee, Encyclopedia of Public International Law, Oxford
"On 4 June 2010, the Security Council, pursuant to sections A and B of annex II to resolution 1353 (2001), held its 6332nd meeting, in private with the police and military liaison officercontributing countries to the United Nations Integrated Mission in TimorLeste.
At the same time, following a decision of the Secretary-General in late June 1994, UNRWA would focus considerable energy in the coming period on planning for and executing the move of UNRWA headquarters from Vienna to the Gaza Strip by the end of 1995.
The ram jet provides a series of hard thrust, with coasts in between.
 Afghanistan, which is itself land-locked, is the country of transit for many central Asian States.
Luo: Just want to clean. You said that speak what or think what?
That is a very tall order.
To test the theory, psychologists reached for the botox. They used the toxin to deaden the muscles that control frowning.
The Agency's Department of Health coordinated investigation and surveillance measures with the Ministry of Health in order to contain the outbreak and determine future strategies.
Banda Aceh province - (for improved connectivity in Aceh on Sumatra)
Trade Measures   Protectionism
BR128. My watch says two o'clock.
All three sisters are prohibited from visiting each other without supervision.
Page
5. Enterprise Resource Planning
It also appeals for support for the facilitation of the process.
Some one said:--
Help pretty ladies out of the water. well Here we are.
D. Data collection 15 - 16 6
French officials announced plans to bring free-range birds indoors in regions near wetlands to reduce exposure to migrating birds.
:: Valid for one year/reserve list of 10 per cent
Roman Ozimec
Val-Suzon
"The school bus will be along in half an hour.
22. Progress continues on building a better understanding of influenza, in particular its capability for mutation, including: details of reassortments between H7N9 and H9N2 strains; and the determination of actual substitution positions in H3N2, which revealed that H3N2 mutations were more predictable than thought.
(2) The Committee welcomes the submission of the initial report of the State party under the Optional Protocol as well as the written replies (CRC/C/OPAC/HRV/Q/1/Add.1) to its list of issues.
The Supreme Court confirms the findings of the Samarkand Regional Court of 2 December 2005 and finds no procedural violations during investigation and court proceedings.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its measures to reduce the substantial number of unemployed persons and to counteract the impact of the economic downturn on employment in order to implement fully the right to work, in particular with regard to the most disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups.
Jamaica has always supported efforts to assist the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries that have benefited from debt relief initiatives.
As required
Discussions with the UNEP Regional Seas Programme are also in progress for the first delivery in the East African region of the course on ecosystem approaches to ocean management (see para. 385 above).
UNHCR also worked closely with the European Commission and European Union Member States in developing the concept of Regional Protection Programmes, intended to strengthen the ability of countries in "regions of origin" to provide protection to refugee populations so as to obviate the need for onward movements.
OK, to sum up, today's lecture has covered some of the advantages and disadvantages of the press conference, and three important factors and successful news coverage.
Instead, the plan is to use the remaining money in the fund as a carrot to entice private investors to keep lending.
Availability of energy is not in itself a critical concern to most countries of the ECE region.
The bevel milling cutter for cutting groove of oil casing-pipes was designed.
Problems in the housing market are one key reason for the current economic slowdown in the United States.
At the Commission on Human Rights, Guatemala contributed actively to the preparation of a United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples.
79. Achieving the objectives of the Brussels Programme of Action to halve poverty and hunger in LDCs by 2015 requires accelerated and sustained economic growth that is both socially inclusive and environmentally sustainable.
Several examples are included to illustrate the reliability and usefulness of this method.
`Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
C. Organization of work
dennis, stay... can you hear me now?
Changeling
132. Estimated freight costs, customs clearance and insurance costs included in the provision for the deployment of equipment to the Mission area and within the Mission by commercial means and under agreements with the Multinational Force ($3,618,600) in connection with the opening of the Kirkuk office, the expansion of the Basra office, additional facilities being planned in Baghdad and Erbil, development of the Baghdad International Airport, as a forward logistics base and related price increases by freight forwarding contractors in reaction to the security situation.
 209. The Commission calls attention to the needs of developing countries and economies in transition to establish or strengthen their capacities for the safe management of radioactive wastes, including spent radiation sources.
Liaison officers from the Alpha side accompanied Observer Group Golan inspection teams.
French Guyana
We must work hard to make our mother town more ahd morebeautiful.
The refugees in Lebanon were in a particularly difficult situation, owing not only to the lack of proper conditions, but also the psychological pressure and sense of hopelessness which they felt.
Davies says that it was "the most extensive clearance project undertaken in London since the Great Fire. "
9494 Donici
4.3 The State party submits that on 25 December 2004 the author's criminal case was sent to the Ust-Ilimsk City Court, which received it on 21 January 2005, and on 31 January 2005, extended the author's detention and scheduled a preliminary hearing for 7 February 2005.
The Commission has been doing excellent work and is also fulfilling an important deterrent function, but the Commission has not had the benefit of full cooperation from all Rwanda's neighbours.
Included in those improvements are the following major changes:
The report deals with three substantive areas: financial obstacles to the realization of the right to education, elimination of gender discrimination both in and through education, and the content of education.
But Jung  felt  that perfection of the personality is only truly achieved in death.
One way around this issue is to have Samba create the user for you when the user connects with the add user script parameter.
The Evaluation Unit supported corporate reviews of the national UNV voluntary modality and UNV research and development function conducted by the Research and Development Unit.
The economic and social repercussions of development should remain at the centre of the Organization's concerns and should be part of a coherent, comprehensive and realistic programme, supported both by national efforts and the genuine will of donor countries.
Anne says she won't go back to achool.
The task was difficult, but they were determined to see it out.
Responsiveness;
The stainless steel fiber has big density, no crimp and poor coherent, so it's difficult to produce.
II. Civilian personnel
United Nations Industrial Development Organization
Settings are selected either for manually processing the replies, or to prevent certain replies from being automatically processed.
Am I allowed to ask questions regarding the screening?
Mr. Christophe McBride
38. The Board reiterates its previous recommendation that the Administration: (a) develop a benefits management strategy for the global field support strategy; (b) report the cost savings and benefits, either direct or indirect, qualitative or quantitative, in a consolidated manner against the original objectives of the global field support strategy; and (c) ensure that a standardized methodology is developed to calculate and fully substantiate all the savings
No public figure needs to be defended, either by law or social convention, from an attack on his or her ideas.
He walked on, the sweat pouring into his eyes.
NPT/CONF.2000/MC.II/SB.2/CRP.3 Conference room paper submitted to Subsidiary Body 2 by Egypt
The question is how much is enough to be consider sufficient and stable?
Liquefaction of saturated sands remains an important topic in geotechnical earthquake engineering.
Some of them noted with appreciation the Secretary-General's proposal to rationalize and consolidate the information centres located in Western Europe into a hub and welcomed the fact that that would achieve a better distribution of resources to information centres in developing countries and lead to the redeployment of resources to other high-priority activities, such as advancing multilingualism on the United Nations web site and the systematic evaluation of the impact of major products and services.
M. Older people
Lian Prefecture
The hamburger was burned on the outside.
Transportion for the system optimize turn to provide related of software and hardware support.
Don't let smoking take years away from your life.
Information on income (including reinvested earnings), divestments and actual investment expenditures may not be available;
Committee of Permanent Representatives to UN-Habitat [General Assembly resolution 56/206]
What trends do you see in semiconductor package manufacturing in China?
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the triennial review of the implementation of recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-ninth session on the thematic evaluation of lessons learned: protocols and practices (E/AC.51/2012/3)
Examples include that item (ii) above would require the specification of the time that will be allowed to elapse after receiving the last bid before the auction closes.
It all stemmed from a lie I told when I was 4.
The Canadian delegation hoped that the draft resolution would be adopted by consensus.
 Accordingly, I dispatched a technical team to Liberia to assess, in consultation with UNOMIL, ECOMOG and the humanitarian community, the contribution which the United Nations could make in those fields.
People who grow their own food usually want to keep enough from their harvest for future use.
Addis Ababa (Ethiopian birr)
So the meaning of the constant is where was the object at the initial time.
From 2006 to 2009, CODISRA also organized workshops for opinion-makers, which addressed religious bias and bigotry as well as racist speech about indigenous peoples, their beliefs and spirituality.
34. Stresses the importance of rationalizing the network of United Nations information centres, and, in this regard, requests the Secretary-General to continue to make proposals in this direction, including through the redeployment of resources where necessary, and to report to the Committee on Information at its twenty-ninth session;
The European Convention on Nationality does not allow deprivation on this ground if it would lead to statelessness.
Part VII
Article B
Scientists' assertions that capybara is neither fish nor fowl has not dented its popularity.
37. Mr. Zmeevski (Russian Federation) said that each year the sponsors of the draft resolution on the question under consideration stubbornly refused to consider the fact that failure to mention the territorial affiliation of part of an independent State in the title of the text was a violation of a basic principle of international law.
The reports of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention for 1997, 1998 and 1999 do not refer to any case of torture involving Honduras.
 A stable peace in the region is impossible to achieve in the presence of occupation, and it could not continue in the presence of injustice, oppression and the usurpation of rights.
Of the total number of women, 57.25 per cent live in urban settlements and 42.75 per cent live in mixed or rural settlements.
They are father take them to school everyday.
American alligator
The metal seal reed valve, involves one kind of reed valve.
As environments conducive to learning should be maintained in schools, it was necessary to deter such behaviour.
Measures such as ensuring access to land, credit and other productive resources, ensuring access to housing, fair inheritance rights, full legal capacity and access to justice by women and men living in poverty and those from disadvantaged social groups, are also critical to balancing the inequitable distribution of power and promoting participation.
Science, assessments and decision-making
For this reason, we propose that the rules for dynamic processing be documented within Business Modeler as annotations (shown in Figure 5).
Aluminium wire, Wire drawing and Aluminium wire belong to our portfolio. For more information please call us.
The author has reproduced them faithfully in the present compilation, although the order has been changed in accordance with that of the rules of procedure.
 During the forcible expulsion of the Azerbaijanis, hundreds of historical relics testifying to the fact that Azerbaijanis had for centuries belonged on the land in what is today Armenia were either destroyed or altered to look Armenian.
The Nordic countries trusted that the Commission would conduct discussions on the topic on the basis of the wide range of international law relating to crimes against humanity, including with regard to minorities exposed to persecution.
Many more specific and technical issues were also raised informally with the IEC.
She gave birth to three cubs this time.
He pondered for some time.
Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, a universal elementary education programme with an annual budget of $3 billion, has dramatically increased primary school enrolment.
Financial regulation 10.6 stipulates that, at the beginning of the second calendar year of each fiscal period, the Director-General shall submit to the Programme and Budget Committee an interim financial report on significant financial developments that have affected the Organization during the first calendar year of the fiscal period concerned.
II. Follow-up to international conferences
45. Despite its consistent opposition to the country-specific mandate, Myanmar has continued to extend full cooperation to the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar and to avail itself of the good offices of the Secretary-General and his Special Adviser on Myanmar.
We have no doubt that WoW will continue to be one of the PC's most dominant games through 2007 and probably beyond.
The special situation and needs of developing countries in this regard should be fully taken into account.
That jurisdiction is twofold.
The studying of the characteristics and rules of the system of constitutional reform in western countries is useful for the purpose to perfect ours.
Clothing Industry Training Authority
Should States wish to submit a report, they are requested to contact either the Chair delegation (Carla Serazzi, tel: (212) 832-3323; fax: (212) 832-8714) or the Secretary of the Committee (Tatiana Cosio, tel: (212) 963-5279; fax: (212) 963-1300).
Being honest with all people.
Americaa, c
British civil servants
It also welcomed the developments that had taken place in recent years in the elaboration of other draft protocols to various human rights treaties.
The existence of several colonial treaties and protocols, as well as at least three different maps and borderlines, indicates that the border inherited at independence could be under contention.
20. Admissibility of communications 11
Agenda item 134: Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2014-2015 (continued)
- Man-days: 6 (experts) x 7 (days) x $200 = $ 8 400
Given America’s looming departure, such a solution is becoming increasingly urgent.
A succeeding election it might be supposed, would displace the offenders, and repair the mischief.
Such updating should also include procedural laws (for tracing communications, for example) and laws, agreements or arrangements on mutual legal assistance (for rapid preservation of data, for example).
Contributions for regular resources activities as at 31 December 2003
An overall evaluation can be obtained based on the combination of direct comparison method and Z-score comprehensive evaluation method.
Status of person at date of clarification
The State party considers that there is no evidence to show that it has not been responding to the author's demands.
For example, one study suggests that allowing for intra-household income distribution increases inequality by 30–40 per cent (Haddad and Kanbur, 1990).
Brief Introduction to Astrology Astrology sees mankind as being not only influenced by hereditary factors and the environment but also by the state of our solar system at the moment of birth.
A cease and desist order to foreign air operators based in the United Arab Emirates has been issued to about 14 companies, about 80 per cent of which used to operate to Somalia.
16. The policy debate on regionalism picked up momentum in the early years of the millennium when there was a growth in demand for peacekeeping interventions in scale and complexity, challenging the structures supporting international peace and security.
Renovation of 3 buildings and the basement of 1 wing of a building
3.2. Contracting States may wish to use electronic or other communication and information technologies, including appropriate security systems, to improve the timeliness and quality of exchanges of information.
 I come from Bosnia and Herzegovina, a far-away country that has currently been the subject of many discussions.
This all brings the direct consequence is Our country Government collects fees two major problem appearances: Chaotic charge question and charge fund management chaotic question.
This pattern is illustrated in figures 9 and 10, which show, respectively, the female and male staff age distribution and the distribution of age groups in the Secretariat.
She further paid tribute to those United Nations Volunteers whose lives were lost earlier in the year.
Mrs. Gabriela Martinic
4. Emphasizes the link between financing for development and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration;
He is Wang Chaoying of dean of academy of technology shooting star of Han Dan city.
The traditional US commitment to global organizations has been superseded by the idea of “America first.”
The new course system should be guided by the ability-oriented concept and realize the integration and modularization of the course structure.
3. A State party that has received a request for a written reply under paragraph 1 both on admissibility and on the merits of the complaint may apply in writing, within two months, for the complaint to be rejected as inadmissible, setting out the grounds for such inadmissibility.
The Board convened its fifty-seventh executive session from 26 to 28 June 2013 and its fifty-eighth executive session on 12 and 13 December 2013.
A vacuum cleaner can save me a lot of labor.
(a) Benefit from the same terms and conditions of service mutatis mutandis as the permanent judges of the International Tribunal;
I therefore call for an early resumption of the discussions on environmental governance, in line with paragraph 169 of the World Summit Outcome document.
They sent away the servant and made me sit down.
C. National legislation and practice of States
56. Ms. Nassau (Australia) said it was deeply regrettable that a no-action motion had been put forward.
While the Bishop was watching him, the old man spoke: Thank you, he said, I need nothing.
15. Stresses the need to make efforts to mobilize and optimize the allocation and utilization of technical and financial resources from all sources, including external debt relief for developing countries, and to reinforce national actions to implement sustainable food security policies;
An advance bill on lawful descent is due to be submitted to the council of the National Assembly during the next legislature.
4. Calls on the United Nations, with the support of the international community, to support the Government of Afghanistan's priorities on the issues of security, governance and economic development, and regional co-operation, and to support the full implementation of mutual commitments made on these issues at the London Conference, as well as on continuing implementation of the National Drug Control Strategy, and requests that UNAMA assist the Government of Afghanistan in the transition towards Afghan leadership, including by supporting the preparation of the Conference to be held in Kabul later this year;
In 2011, a delegation from SUPARCO participated in APRSAF-18, and a teacher and a student participated in the water rocket experiment and poster competition held during APRSAF-18.
He also uses a lot of jargon, which creates a poor impression.
114. The International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (ITC) provided technical cooperation to the least developed countries to enable small business export success.
(c) A shortlist of at least three candidates is drawn up, reviewed and approved by the assessment/selection panel or appointment board.
Dynamic posture shows that the female self, independent of the entire tail are both bold and Ruili women.
Section Two Technology Development Contract Article 330 Definition of Technology Development Contract   A technology development contract is a contract concluded in respect of the development of a new technology, product, technique or material and the associated system.
Thermodynamic calculations are made on the rotary calcinating kiln for calcinating dolomite and an attestation of the feasibility of substituting producer gas for the semi-water-gas in firing the kiln is made.
The ancient Egyptian ruler Akhenaten wasn't the most manly pharaoh, even though he fathered at least a half-dozen children.
It decided that the co-facilitators of the structured expert dialogue will report on work done under the dialogue to COP 19 and COP 20, through the subsidiary bodies.
The GOB has formed monitoring teams to ensure non-discrimination in wages, access to maternity benefit and implementation of gender-sensitive labour law provisions [Recommendation 13].
(ii) Increased capacity-building initiatives targeting justice institutions
La Guerche-de-Bretagne
The port State control mechanism builds upon well established arrangements under the various regional memorandums of understanding on port State control.
Subsequently, Guinea, Indonesia and Mexico joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Television stations in fiction
Unfortunately, there is still little hard evidence about where resources should best be focused.
13. UNIFEM compiled some of these findings into a publication entitled "With an End in Sight: Strategies from the UNIFEM Trust Fund in Support of Action to Eliminate Violence Against Women".
Zhang Yesui, born in Hubei Province in October 1953, graduate ofBeijing Foreign Studies University.
We couldn't induce the old lady to travel by air
Conflict prevention, peace-building, vulnerability reduction (from both natural and human-induced crises) and the transition to sustainable recovery are the main UNDP focus areas.
I wish that everybody would find such an affection. Then a gracious society would become a reality for Singapore.
B. Oral update on the establishment of the Independent Audit and Oversight Committee
It was noted that current best available technologies are not fully diffused and that this should be addressed through targeted diffusion mechanisms.
34. The Committee commends the enterprise risk management committee and management for the dedication and progress shown in breaking down silos and making enterprise risk management an integral and important management tool of the Organization.
When investigating any of the Article 23 offences, judicial warrants must be obtained before journalistic materials can be searched or seized. The proposed emergency investigation powers will not apply to the search and seizure of journalistic materials.
They're looking for serious love relationships
The applications of vacuum metallurgical technology in the recovery of secondary zinc-based resources are presented, including hot galvanizing scrap and hard zinc.
54. Ending gender-based violence in humanitarian emergencies requires efforts that prevent and deter its use in settings of war and displacement, mitigate the collateral effects within communities and provide appropriate support to survivors.
(a) The kind of unilateral acts with which the topic should be concerned are nondependent acts in the sense that the legal effects they produce are not pre-determined by conventional or customary law but are established as to their nature and extent, by the will of the author State.
Case 512: MAL 8
on the issue of domestic violence (15—26 July 1996)
It was also agreed that these States Parties will do their utmost to ensure that all available methods are applied where and as relevant, by developing and implementing applicable national standards, policies and procedures for releasing land through technical and non-technical means that are accountable and acceptable to local communities, including through the involvement of women and men in the acceptance process, and, that such States Parties would provide information on the areas already released, disaggregated by release through clearance, technical survey and non-technical survey.
 63. Mr. ELMEJREBI (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya) said that the developing countries particularly the countries of Africa were facing critical economic and social conditions and the most vulnerable sectors of the population were among the hardest hit.
Instead, the international system has to date followed a piecemeal approach when including disaster risk reduction in treaty obligations, either focusing on the kind of disaster (e.g. industrial or nuclear accidents) or the kind of State response activity (e.g. telecommunications assistance).
Because of the significance of the matters in question and the fundamental nature of the rights affected -- to life, to physical or moral integrity, to a fair trial, etc. -- the right to the truth is inalienable, non-derogable and imprescriptible.
Programme and Budget Committee
Goodness, I do hope this isn't a loud gun.
10. I wonder what happened to him
The Committee is similarly concerned that the Convention's provisions and the Committee's general recommendations are not sufficiently known by judges, lawyers, prosecutors and women themselves, as indicated by the scarcity of court decisions that refer to the Convention.
Human Rights Council
By focusing on the need to form associations throughout all strata of the forest sector, including small landowners, contractors and workers, the Ministerial Conference has taken an important step to integrate European forest policy;
It contains a brief presentation of the activities carried out by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to implement the relevant recommendations of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action adopted at its second session.
University entrance examinations
Subsequent to the events at issue in this claim, Onshore Production was re-organised as a separate corporation and re-named National Iranian South Oil Fields Company.
However, it would have been useful to clarify frequently used terms such as extradition, refoulement and removal (reconduite à la frontière) and their administrative and legal consequences for aliens subject to expulsion.
We welcome the good progress that has been made in stockpile destruction in the past year, with 18 countries reporting the completion of the destruction of their stockpiles of anti-personnel landmines.
"7. Also stresses that debt sustainability depends upon a confluence of many factors, such as the availability and cost of private and official financing, and underscores that no single indicator should be used to make definitive judgements about debt sustainability;
The contribution of each parent organization for the biennium 2008-2009 is estimated to be SwF 34,526,200, or $28,771,800 at the exchange rate of SwF 1.20 to US$ 1.
Before the operation he used to have a headache.
Making matters worse, the official retirement age has not been adjusted to account for longer life spans.
Authorities are hopeful that the flood waters will reach their crest and begin draining into the Arabian Sea within the coming days.
73. Ms. Hill (New Zealand), speaking also on behalf of Norway, said that her delegation had voted in favour of the resolution in a spirit of compromise, in the hope of returning to a consensus text.
[15] For instance, if you want to exercise more, arrange to do it with a friend
Mineral extraction industries have also played a part by helping to accelerate 12 evaporation.
An application for a judicial review to show that a person runs a real risk of being tortured in the country to which the authorities wish to return him therefore has no chance of success.
Programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 [117]
Nor did it respond vigorously to ethnically inflammatory broadcasts and rhetoric in the Balkans in the early 1990s or in Rwanda in 1993 and 1994 in the months preceding the genocide.
Republic of Moldova
Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
If there is no money, I can't use this microphone to speak to you and we can't have such a room to hold such a competition.
2 The annual incidence rate is calculated on the basis of the estimated total of new cases per year of diagnosis.
Letter dated 1 February 2012 from the President of the International Court of Justice addressed to the President of the General Assembly (A/66/726)
Mission factors
To enhance the mission preparedness of UNMOs it is necessary to ensure adherence to common standards in national training and to strengthen mission-specific training. Deployments and repatriations of UNMOs should be staggered to ensure continuity.
4. Also requests the Secretariat, within the context of its work to maintain the list referred to in paragraph 3 above, to continue to confirm that the bodies or agencies making requests for admission as observers meet the relevant criteria in accordance with the Convention and the rules of procedure;
Organizational matters
These include, among others, the responsibility to carry out requests to the Secretariat from the Conference of the Parties.
"21. Underlines the potentially positive role that relevant United Nations entities and programmes, in particular the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, can play in the aforementioned areas;
On this Human Rights Day, we honour the heroic attitude of Gerardo, Fernando, Ramón, René and Antonio, symbols of our people's decision to defend the Homeland and the values of justice, freedom and solidarity which they heroically represent.
Shampoo may strip the coat of its oily, water-resistant properties, so use a mild soap.
Since UNETPSA is an ongoing multilateral Programme and has demonstrated its ability to render direct, cost-effective assistance to individual South Africans, my Government believes that UNETPSA can make a valuable contribution to the implementation of the Reconstruction and Development Programme.
Allocating resources to priorities
30. At its 1st meeting, on 12 February 2002, by adopting the suggestions relating to the organization of its work put forward by the Chairman (A/AC.109/2002/L.2) the Special Committee decided to take up as appropriate the item entitled "Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico" and to consider it at plenary meetings.
(a) Appeals to the rebels (AFRC and RUF) to cease fighting immediately, lay down their arms and recognize the Government of President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah as the sole legitimate Government of Sierra Leone;
The FAO Conference at its thirty-seventh session adopted resolution 14/2011 on 2 July 2011, by which it welcomed the decision of Governments to establish the platform, requested the DirectorGeneral of FAO to work closely with UNEP and other relevant international organizations and bodies in the preparation of the forthcoming meetings for the operationalization of the platform and authorized the Director-General to offer to establish and (co-)host or otherwise support the platform with other relevant international organizations.
40. Complementing the Population Division website in providing easy and timely access to population information is the United Nations Population Information Network.
Implementation of 65 quick-impact projects
2. Promoting women's participation and appointment to office
The beacons transmit signals that are detected by COSPAS-SARSAT polar-orbiting spacecraft equipped with suitable receivers, and the signals are then relayed to COSPAS-SARSAT local user terminals, which process the signals to determine the location of the radio beacon that is transmitting the signals.
Local Governments for Sustainability is an international association of local governments and national and regional local government organizations that have made a commitment to sustainable development.
The detention of members of the Palestinian Legislative Council and their conviction for being members of a particular political party violate the prohibition on discrimination based on political belief, contrary to article 26 of ICCPR:
This commitment to action represents a substantial degree of international consensus and support for the GCOS implementation plan.
The President said that it was a special honour for him to serve as President of the Board and expressed his appreciation for the confidence of the Board's members in electing him to that office.
SANDY: Our daughter will share some of our meal with us. Could you bring an extra plate for her?
(d) The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Convention against Discrimination in Education, in 2005;
I'll killing myself for your love and the game all of is lost
It involves participation of regional bureaux in the risk-measurement exercise, and results are consolidated at the corporate level to obtain the rankings of all countries.
Probability integral method is typically used in predicting the surface displacement and distortion for strip pillar mining, but the prediction precision lies on its predicting parameters.
Towards the end of the year, his son caught scarlet fever.
The vision for an even more vigorous and effective institution in the long term includes the consolidation and reinforcement of the capacities of the headquarters campus serving the entire University for Peace system, with curriculum development, face-to-face teaching and research and sustained two-way links to the considerable experience and knowledge found in institutional partners in other parts of the world.
"Welcoming the political declaration of the High-level Meeting of the General Assembly to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action: United against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, while convinced that racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance reveal themselves in a differentiated manner for women and girls and can be among the factors leading to a deterioration in their living conditions, poverty, violence, multiple forms of discrimination and limitation or denial of their human rights,
4. Consideration of the membership of an Asia-Pacific working group on the Asian and Pacific Decade of Persons with Disabilities, 2013-2022.
70. Country- and organization-led initiatives should address issues identified in the multi-year programme of work for a given cycle. (NTP)
The Band plays an important role in public and community relations programmes and fulfils over 600 engagements each year.
At its 82nd plenary meeting, on 9 December 2011, the General Assembly took note of the report of the Sixth Committee.
Training materials: These could be standardized through the use of power point presentations, overheads and hand-outs of published documents and reading materials.
Barong
wherein, the water leaked into the flexible tube is guided to the inner part of the machine body.
Senior Assistant Director, Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions, Melbourne Office
116. Both globally and at country level, UNICEF will collaborate with Governments and partners in the country through:
Mr Chang is referring to what he sees as a greater respect for intellectual property – which means western companies have to spend less time worrying about Chinese rivals copying their ideas – and tougher and more rigidly enforced government regulations in such areas as environmental protection and the hiring and firing of workers.
Article 39.After the conclusion of the bankruptcy proceedings,the liquidation team shall handle the procedures for the cancellation of registration at the original registration authorities of the bankrupt enterprise.
84. Promote research into technologies and alternatives that are less resource intense and less polluting.
Cytidine diphosphate
This is a small change in speed, though.
Prevention of armed conflict
Something bad did happen. Father brought me to the hospital and I saw Mother no longer had her large stomach.
     Meanwhile, Members will also debate a motion for the adjournment of the Council. The motion, to be moved by Hon Lau Kong-wah, says: "That this Council do now adjourn for the purpose of debating the following issue: Commencement of the Independent Police Complaints Council Ordinance."
"(v) Communication support and public information activities designed to promote the goals of the Decade and, in particular, the activities undertaken under (i), (ii) and (iii) above;
The Advisory Committee notes that in prior mandate periods overexpenditures have been incurred under rental of premises and alteration and renovation of these, with inadequate justifications (approximately $4.9 million in the reporting period from 1 November 1993 to 31 May 1994).
I. Provisional agenda
Ambassador
3. Stresses the importance of the Programme, as a significant instrument in enabling developing countries to participate fully in the deliberations and negotiations on disarmament in the various United Nations bodies;
16. Only medical equipment provided as per United Nations standards and authorized in the MOU will be reimbursed as medical equipment.
38. A recorded voted was taken.
This brochure gives an overview of CUHK's non-local undergraduate students from many countries and regions and appeals to helping to realize the goals of these outstanding students.
I heard an earful of gossip today.
Many products suffered and continue to suffer the adverse effects of industrialized countries' agricultural policies, which tend to depress the world market prices of food products.
Being upright , honest and selfless, he is respected by people.
C. Organization and structure
The Department for General Assembly and Conference Management (DGACM) invites delegations to complete the Survey of Conference Services to help improve
The surgery is expensive and there is a risk of complications like bleeding, infection or deformity.
These are some of the activities undertaken by Turkey in various areas to promote sustainable development, to address issues related to education and technical assistance in space science and technology and to strengthen international cooperation.
21. At the date of writing, most residents in the Closed Area had received permits although they were only generally valid for a period of one, three or six months.
5. Mr. Fall (Senegal) was elected Chairman by acclamation.
Old Catholic Church in Czech Republic
For 28.8, Public economics and public administration read 28.8, Public administration, finance and development
Braune et al. (1999) detected alpha-HCH residues in the fat of caribou.
Applications for factory registration can be filled in and lodged on-line, with supporting documents delivered through an on-line upload function or by fax in a secure and convenient way.
The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts accepted that there is limited guidance specific to the monitoring of progress and expenditure on capital projects and that the Secretariat currently adapts existing guidance on operating expenditure, together with specific mandates from the General Assembly, to monitor progress and budgetary performance.
Table 6. Van der Sluijs recommended compensation
93. Taking into consideration its mandate on Western Sahara and its primary responsibility to ensure the implementation of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) for all Non-Self-Governing Territories, and in accordance with a decision it had taken at its 1397th meeting, on 23 August 1991, the Special Committee may dispatch a mission to Western Sahara during the holding of the referendum in the Territory.
(b) The realization of the right to development
Regulatory sign indicating that you must get off your cycle and wheel it across the road by using the pedestrian crossing.
The official language is French and about 28 Kanak vernacular languages are spoken.
The consultation carried out by UNESCO with its member States had revealed the need for more international initiatives in that area in order to strengthen national capacities to protect citizens from potential threats of misuse of genetic information and discriminatory practices.
Although the Government is still seeking to maintain basic social services for the population, it is increasingly hard to provide them.
Håvard Nielsen
Microelectrodes of such construction have been successfully employed in the study of reversible and irreversible electrode reactions.
Your flight's been changed.
May
Over the past year 60 per cent of its 8,000 volunteers worked in post-conflict countries.
Comprehensive general recommendations have been adopted on violence against women (No. 19), equality in marriage and family relations (No. 21), women in public life (No. 23), access to health care (No. 24) and temporary special measures (No. 25).
Letter dated 11 January (S/1994/24) from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General, informing him that his letter dated 5 January 1994 (S/1994/23) had been brought to the attention of the members of the Security Council and that they agreed with the proposal contained therein.
95. Support the Government in defining and implementing a comprehensive youth employment programme that includes a vocational training component capable of enhancing the employability of young Guineans, in particular in the agricultural and mining sectors.
After him Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, official of half the district of Beth-zur, made repairs as far as a point opposite the tombs of David, and as far as the artificial pool and the house of the mighty men
Tel: +995 322 72 72 50
Nine individual claims that had been identified as potentially overlapping with eight "E4" claims, included losses that had not been claimed by the "E4" claimant.
I think we've got the wrong house.
Opening ceremonies
87. Humanitarian and financial assistance will not by themselves serve as a solution to the political crisis affecting the lives of the Palestinians and Israelis.
These yellow socks have been much in request lately.
It was like a sports team, that's the only way I can describe the camaraderie .
No, frak! The hatch won't open.
Ventilago arranged round, smooth, red when ripe, the fruit inside has one nuclear.
III. Initial examination of the submission
MDIs containing salbutamol, beclomethasone, salbutamol plus ipratropium, and salmeterol plus fluticasone represent over 90 per cent of total current CFC-MDI production in Bangladesh.
Your choice of theme for our general debate -- "Reaffirming the central role of the United Nations in global governance" -- is both appropriate and timely.
Oh, Alan, that was remarkable!
The European Union welcomes the adoption in The Hague last year of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation.
The course was also attended by nationals of neighbouring States.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been reluctant to request circulation of its notes verbales exchanged on a bilateral level as documents of the Security Council.
One 250-MW boiler burns more than 150 tons of coal in an hour.
P-3 Programme Officer in place since August 2013, and ongoing
29. The absence of effective law enforcement and the continuing extreme economic hardship in the UNOMIG area of operations contribute to the overall volatility of the situation, which, if not remedied, might deteriorate.
Following its announcement that it had ceased to produce plutonium and highly enriched uranium for use in nuclear weapons, his Government had decided in February 1996 to close and dismantle its Pierrelatte and Marcoule facilities.
In the of late cancellation, instruction fees will be forfeited and no refund will be made.
374. Policy coherence and partnership, together with country ownership, have emerged as core organizing principles of today's international cooperation agenda for development and have been abundantly discussed within the framework of the follow-up to the recent International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, and the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha.
For its part, Exxon warned of “potentially catastrophic events that must be considered.”
The applicant has to join and ratify them.
(36) The Committee recommends that the State party derogates article 26 of the Migration Law in order to ensure compatibility of its legislation with provision of the Convention, in particular articles 51 and 52.
The result was yet another paradox of the Arab Spring: a country that seemed to meet all of the conditions for an Islamist victory produced the sort of election results that liberals in Egypt and Tunisia could only dream about.
 The general debate at this session of the General Assembly and the debate we are now holding also constitute relevant contributions to the consideration of this important issue.
"Recognizing the unique, multifaceted and significant role that IFCS has had in the chemicals management area at the international, regional and national levels, IFCS is invited to continue its important role in providing an open, transparent and inclusive Forum for discussing issues of common interest as well as new and emerging issues and to continue to contribute through this to the implementation of SAICM and the work of other existing chemicals-related international organizations and institutions.
252 BC
Those findings will be the focus of the policy dialogue during the sixty-third session of ESCAP.
On 24 May 2006, the Minister of Justice ordered his extradition in return for diplomatic assurances by Mexico.
) =======Is William in
To reduce the high infant mortality level, especially in rural areas, the Ministry of Health is implementing a joint WHO/ UNICEF programme, on the integrated management of childhood diseases.
Hekkert M, Suurs R, Negro S, Kuhlmann S and Smits R (2007). Functions of innovation systems: a new approach for analyzing technological change. In Technological Forecasting and Social Change. Vol. 74: 413 - 432.
The statistical materials about the land areas issued by land administrative departments and statistical departments serve as the basis for people's governments at all levels in compiling the general plans for the utilization of land.
 Presentations were made by experts and representatives of organizations of the United Nations system, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and donor countries.
Subject to the conditions provided in this rule, sick leave credits will be available at any time during service; however, should separation occur before the expiration date of the appointment, sick leave credits will be recalculated on the basis of the actual period of service;
Lessons learned for the second review and appraisal of the Madrid Plan of Action
The constitutional rights to free expression and peaceful assembly continue to be upheld – and exercised on a massive scale.
:: Responsible for Committee on Contributions (Fifth Committee) of the General Assembly, 2011 to present
In eight, the so-called threshold, is before the door, not the past to become the sill.
A draft programme of the work of the plenary for the sixty-ninth session is contained in document A/68/852.
Traditional Chinese drug conservative 10 clinic observations of treatment heterotopic pergnancy
Whatever the odd mixture of origins St. Valentine's Day is now a day for sweetlistents.
Because device adapters can provide both types of weights, a set of adapters can coordinate an appropriate convention for weight units.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
CED, art. 31
The difference represents an increase for the biennium of $6.6 million over the two years (part of 2012 and all of 2013).
Leaving the issue of timing aside, which must necessarily be decided only by the Member States of the General Assembly, the Board strongly emphasized that such an important international gathering should not repeat the inability of the second (1982) and third (1988) special sessions to reach agreement.
Thus says the Lord, "Just as the shepherd snatches from the lion's mouth a couple of legs or a piece of an ear, So will the sons of Israel dwelling in Samaria be snatched away With the corner of a bed and the cover of a couch!
The Committees of all four regions were invited to participate in the session as observers, and the Subcommittee welcomed the attendance of a representative from the AsiaPacific Forum of National Human Rights Institutions at the November session.
This should be achieved by better communication, improvement of good practices and statistics, enhancement of women's careers as well as awareness raising.
The new partnership agreement between the African, Caribbean and Pacific States (ACP) and the European Union, as endorsed in Doha, was critical because it recognized the special nature of trade relations between the entities, and could be considered a model for North-South trade cooperation.
Currently Legal Counsel for the State of Bahrain on International Law.
The human rights situation
Prevention and treatment strategies should be based on risk stratification.
23. The report indicates that "teaching guidelines have been issued for the authors of school textbooks and children's books, with a view to eliminating all degrading and disparaging comparisons between women and men and between girls and boys" (para. 47).
At 25 she did her part in the killing of nine innocent people including my unborn daughter in a small wedding chapel in El Paso, Texas.
Letter dated 31 July 2002 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
The Financial Services Section is looking into the development of a Cognos report in 2011 for such reconciliation.
Straw is dry dried stem part of plants such as wheat, millet and sorghum.
Outcomes of the Asian and Pacific Energy Forum
" Remember to use people's formal business titles - it helps to make them feel important.
If police officers and a district attorney can systematically railroad us with absolutely no evidence whatsoever, I cant imagine what theyd do to people who do not have the resources to defend themselves.
Such a stupid man was laughed at by the people at large
Where a unit or individual, in violation of the provisions of Article 26 of this Law, indicates the norms for energy consumption, in its or his product specifications or labels, that do not conform to the actual conditions of the products, the unit or individual concerned shall, in addition to being punished in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, bear civil liabilities in accordance with the provisions of relevant laws.
i'm always peeing in places that aren't bathrooms.
He trusted that the draft guidelines on programme monitoring and evaluation would soon be finalized; they would provide important assistance to department heads.
 While not all these activities can be considered successful, the interest shown, especially at the provincial level, has been particularly marked.
Adversity often shows us the way to success !
expenditure Unencum-
In the light of these circumstances, the State party concludes that it is evident that the complainant had been abroad several times before arriving in Sweden in late 2006 to ask for protection, contrary to what she has stated in her asylum application.
Increased specialization in cash crops necessitates skills, inputs and risks that the farmer cannot afford.
Cases on and protective measures for people with AIDS: 4
Chinese President Hu Jintao said on Tuesday that secessionist activities in Taiwan have become the greatest menace to China's national sovereignty and territorial integrity, but such activities are doomed to fail
Herbert C. Hoover Building
International Atomic Energy Agency
174. Procedure for seeking compensation
Is there any specified form for the "Memorandum and Articles of Association"?
The solidarity we have shown towards the United States must also be shown in the fight we shall have to wage against terrorism.
Less than ten minutes later, Father Fauchelevent, whose bell put the nuns in his road to flight, tapped gently at a door, and a gentle voice replied: Forever!
4. The hearings were attended by representatives of non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council, civil society organizations and the private sector, Member States and observers.
Qualified human resources as well as infrastructural development (juvenile detention facilities, schools, medical services etc) are urgently required for full implantation of the CRC, for instance.
Wont you wait a little while?
For the ease of the reader, however, the Panel sets out the principles that it has applied to the review of the other “F3” claims arising from KERO and KERP below.
56. The Group also welcomed the voluntary contributions pledged to the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR) and commended the Institute for its useful work.
It has 1,015,000 members.
With the summer flowers in bloom, the valley took on every shade of colour.
Amount spent on goods and services inside the country - local contractors and suppliers
Croatia
The Forum secretariat is headed by a secretary-general, and it is a very great honour to have with us today the Honourable Ieremia Tabai, the current Secretary-General, who has come to New York for the consideration of the Forum's request for observer status.
3.1.1 Issuance by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of a final public report and its submission to the Government
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1509 (2003) of 19 September 2003, by which the Council decided to establish the United Nations Mission in Liberia for a period of twelve months, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission, the latest of which was resolution 1777 (2007) of 20 September 2007, by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission until 30 September 2008,
 It hopes that the international community will assist by providing material and financial resources to ensure the return and integration of the refugees.
I haven't been able to get round to looking at your essay yet, but I'll read it this evening.
62. In addition to legislation reform and public education awareness, the Bahamas has given specific attention to the training of professionals in intervention and support for survivors of violence.
We have instituted a comprehensive surveillance system at all levels of the supply chain of live poultry, including import control points, local farms and wholesale and retail markets, to ensure early detection.
While the process and social dynamics of migration and the status of migrants are potential sources of vulnerability, the failure of Governments to develop and implement policies that acknowledge and comprehensively address the large array of issues associated with modern migration, including responding to the specific needs of migrants and protecting their rights, is mainly responsible for migrants' vulnerability.
Once brands acquired personalities (boosting consumer loyalty immensely and profits accordingly), individuals felt compelled to re-imagine themselves as brands.
developing a refined UNDAF monitoring and evaluation (M&E) system, and ensuring application of the UNDAF results matrix, Country Programme Action Plan (CPAP), Annual Work Plan (AWP) and reporting;
How Self-Acceptance Leads to Happiness Within Finding acceptance is a natural desire of most people.
Niimi Domain
Make me so oh what's it gon what's it gonna be
Recommended that the secretariat inform New York headquarters accordingly about the decisions taken by UNCTAD member States.
So , today I'm back just to show you a few things , to show you, in fact, that there is an open data movement afoot, now, around the world .
In that regard, the Special Representative is engaging with a number of partners to identify and refine key elements of guidance that can be used in mediation processes, with due consideration given to the specifics of each mediation process.
In the fulfilment of his mandate, the cooperation of civil society (through social movements, NGOs, trade unions, political parties, churches, humanitarian organizations, universities, etc.) will also be essential.
Amendments to articles 24 and 25 of the Constitution of the World Health Organization. Geneva, 16 May 1998
A leading brand manufacturer optimised mounting processes. tecsis supplies individual force sensors and displays for support of manufacturing
Professor Bruno Simma, in his recognized The Charter of the United Nations: A Commentary, affirms unequivocally that
Similarly, in resolution 2000/5 the Commission reiterated that "for peace and stability to endure, national actions and international action and cooperation are required to promote a better life for all in larger freedom ...".
The Scheme provides financial assistance in the form of loan to all students who are eligible for assistance under the Tertiary Student Finance Scheme - Publicly-funded Programmes.
We recognize the crucial role of reducing emission from deforestation and forest degradation and the need to enhance removals of greenhouse gas emission by forests and agree on the need to provide positive incentives to such actions through the immediate establishment of a mechanism including REDD-plus, to enable the mobilization of financial resources from developed countries.
:: Manage full budget process: planning, prioritization, monitoring, analysis and explanation of results ; production of yearly performance and budget reports
(d) The Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief, Mr. Abdelfattah Amor, introduced his report (E/CN.4/2002/73 and Add.1 and 2);
WIPONET seeks to ensure equitable access for all member States by establishing connectivity for those IPOs that have no Internet access, as well as through the training and development of the necessary human resources.
In the Caribbean, the Caribbean Council of Forensic Laboratory Heads was established to provide guidance on forensic matters.
3. Encourages UNDP to strengthen mechanisms for capturing from its wide network of country offices emerging innovations and lessons learned regarding capacity development; to more efficiently develop, disseminate and scale up the implementation of good practices; and to review by 2013 the impact of these interventions on UNDP skills and practice in the context of the required capacity-development competencies;
Member, Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters, United Nations (2009-2013)
Malaysias gifts to the bride are delivered to her home by costumed children in a noisy procession, carrying lavish trays of food and currency folded into animal or flower shapes.
Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Dark Winter was a productive, virtual worst case.
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms: report of the Third Committee (Part III) (A/52/644/Add.2);
Briefing for Harbour-front Enhancement Committee
All the legends of the Eye mention the Gateway.
"I can't do it.
It's only a ceremonial position. Dad makes all of the important decisions.
Running a firm is not like running a holiday - camp.
Cuba 82, Colombia 60, Brazil 1
Fortieth session
The Steering Group shall have the following duties:
226. Implementation of the gender equality and equity agenda is still overly dependent on resources provided by international partners because the State budget has not allocated enough resources to institutions promoting the advancement of women or to the gender policy framework.
The question is whether China can maintain rapid growth (though somewhat slower than its recent breakneck pace), even as it reins in credit expansion (which could cause an abrupt reversal in asset prices), confronts weak global demand, restructures its economy, and fights corruption. In other countries, such daunting challenges have led to paralysis, not progress.
For more information please visit the
Breaking the dish was accidental; he didn't mean to do it.
'Tis the season for Hollywood's big blockbuster films, but when all is said and done, this may wall be the year of Sean Penn.
Furthermore, for the first time, a set of system-wide strategic guidance notes on security sector reform has been developed by the interagency Security Sector Reform Task Force.
The Arms Trade Treaty (A/68/272 and Add.1)
You know who is apparently very smart Is the girl who played tv's blossom.
Security Council
Policies ought not to give with one hand and take with the other.
The officer did not assess the merits of the claims or in any real sense determine the rights of the person claiming the remedy, as article 2 requires, but simply dismissed the arguments out of hand because no deposit had been paid.
Distr.: General
The Heads of State and Government also reviewed in detail the overall security situation prevailing in the Great Lakes region and in southern Africa and have recommended relevant measures.
The Council received regular reports from the Secretary-General and held public meetings in which it heard briefings from the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Kamalesh Sharma.
Why We Learn English Learning English is much more than a fad; it is really a must!
Kamei Co. support for UNU Global Seminar 2003 Tohoku Session
36. ODA received in landlocked countries as proportion of their GNIs
77. United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
His new movie is a real turkey.
Shredded tyres in base layer of road in Manitoba, GW collected, no control well.
Following Viagra After that, it is a case of escape from the pre-set target of new products.
The staff are so spontaneous, they're friendly, they're relaxed, nothing's too much trouble.
II. COMMENTS RECEIVED FROM UNITED NATIONS BODIES, SPECIALIZED AGENCIES AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
As part of the activities to implement UNSCR 1718, the General Customs Department, the enforcement authority for the sanctions, has ordered its affiliates not to permit the export, import and transit to or from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea of items and services covered by UNSCR 1718 and UN documents S/2006/814, S/2006/815, S/2006/853.
(a) Processing and issuance of reports of Special Rapporteurs 402 296
In football game, stature and weight reflect athletes' antagonistic body condition to some extent.
Bill :What's your goal in life, Kathy?
Potential difficulties for the applicant entities in accomplishing their accreditation process through different means and tools without compromising the quality of the assessment process;
Article 11
The Workshop, held in Moscow in December 2008, reviewed case studies from Canada, New Caledonia, Indonesia, South Africa and the Russian Federation.
Currently, evil manifestations of xenophobia and intolerance not only remained stumbling blocks to the full realization of human rights but also posed a serious danger to international peace and security.
But it said nothing about the way in which this "right" must be translated into obligations for States which are not the colonial Power.
Specifically, activities related to best practices and good governance, in the context of NEPAD, should be continued and further strengthened.
Pakistan has stated that, under the circumstances, it would have to rely on nuclear deterrence and stressed the importance of building comprehensive arrangements for peace and security with India, including a conventional arms balance and the resolution of the Kashmir dispute.
In any event, crimes or offences with such motives are actually punishable under ordinary law.
The Secretary-General, who briefed the Council, said he was alarmed by the recurrent violence and incitement on all sides, as well by the continuing settlement activity.
The Republic of Korea has made remarkable progress in the recruitment of public servants and in respect of incentive awards encouraging State-run companies to employ women.
In jurisdictions where the safety of the victim cannot be guaranteed, refusing to testify should not constitute a criminal or other offence;
I'm rather troubled by the way he is behaving.
Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection,
At the same time, they presented their valuable works to foreign ambassadors and the Press.
The International Committee on Global Navigation Satellite Systems (ICG) was established on a voluntary basis, as a forum to promote cooperation, as appropriate, on matters of mutual interest to its members related to civil satellite-based positioning, navigation, timing and value-added services, as well as cooperation on the compatibility and interoperability of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS), and to promote the use of GNSS to support sustainable development, particularly in developing countries.
Scientists must be able to change their thinking and to adapt their theories to new facts as they are discovered.
Greek Cypriot leaders would serve their interests, and those of others well, if they would bring themselves to acknowledge the fact that most of the ills that have befallen the island have been a direct result of their irredentist mentality.
Proposals in this regard are included in paragraphs 97 to 100 of the present report.
But hes trying to power it, or motorize it, with a drill. (Laughter) And the question he had is, "Can I do it?"
It further recommends that the State party ratify the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict, which it signed on 15 March 2001, and extend its application to the Hong Kong and Macau SARs.
C.7. The programme component:
Do you think the good weather can hold?
India, long feared to be a spoiler, has said that it is ready to adopt a significant national action plan to move towards a trajectory of sustainable energy.
Young people between 15-24 years comprised 14.5% of the employed population, while 85.5% consisted of persons between the ages of 25 - 65.
In the Penal Code, trafficking was subsumed under such crimes as kidnapping; a bill dealing specifically with trafficking would be debated in the National Assembly in October 2009.
Candidates to lead their countries should not be allowed to get away with speaking in generalities or engaging in vague rhetorical flourishes.
It will take about five minutes.
Addressing such problems is vital if China is to boost domestic consumption 鈥?a task seen as vital to maintaining high levels of economic growth in the face of property and share market slumps and an expected decline in demand for exports from crisis-hit western economies.
UNCITRAL, Working Group on Electronic Commerce, forty-sixth session [General Assembly resolution 33/92]
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The players' mutant genes 'linked up' with those already on the biochip and this allowed the scientists to read the footballers' genetic profile under a laser beam and assess the risk of injury.
20. Individual titling appears to matter less to the poor than security of tenure, reflecting the fact that "[a]t low levels of income and in the absence of other social security mechanisms, land serves as a social safety net for the rural poor and provides them their basic means of livelihood".
A third disadvantage concerns income security.
" asked his mother.
However, that made it incumbent on UNFPA to work to ensure that population and reproductive health concerns were reflected in the CCAs and UNDAFs.
5. The amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 4 of the present article shall be deemed accepted and shall enter into force for all Parties after a period of forty-five (45) days following the date of the circular notification of the Secretary-General.
(a) While project managers had identified potential project risks, the risk-assessment process had not been formalized.
Presently Presiding Judge of the Commercial Division of the Supreme Court dealing with Corporate litigation, insolvency and bankruptcy; Arbitrator in construction disputes.
On the list goes: evolution is a lie, a blastocyst is akin to a baby, torture produces actionable intelligence. . .
"Roma women can do it" project
Source: Rilevazione Trimestrale delle Forze di Lavoro (Work Force Quarterly Report)
Jost Gippert
provide a stable platform for innovation, pioneering products can work seamlessly with related products, through standardisation innovation can achieve product and service differentiation
Diyarbakır
Sophie stood for several minutes without speaking and took everything in.
Rule 207
Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Bahamas, Barbados, Bhutan, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Colombia, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Guyana, Jamaica, Kenya, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lesotho, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Panama, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Sao Tome and Principe, Singapore, Suriname, Thailand, Trinidad and Tobago, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Zambia.
Interestingly, Sheryl Sandberg [HBS MBA '95], the new COO of Facebook, recently talked about such a campaign.
October 2008
His delegation was especially concerned about the situation of migrants who suffered xenophobia and discrimination in their host countries.
When they had gained their own room, Jane taking out the letter, said, This is from Caroline Bingley; what it contains, has surprised me a good deal.
15. UNEP is still in the process of identifying which of its specialized databases and services have been superseded by services offered in other institutions.
Welcoming the adoption by consensus of the detailed plan of action on the Middle East, particularly implementation of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East (ibid., p. 29), contained in part IV of the conclusions and recommendations for follow-on actions of the 2010 NPT Review Conference, NAM States parties to the NPT strongly urge the Secretary-General and the sponsors of the 1995 resolution, in close consultation and coordination with the States of the region, to take immediately the necessary measures required to convene a conference in 2012, to be attended by all States of the Middle East, on the establishment of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction.
Functions about fin structure parameters, such as height, spacing and thickness are established when volume of fin is the smallest under unit temperature difference and unit quantity of heat.
Although my country does understand the wish to discuss existing stocks of fissile material, we would favour efforts to negotiate first a treaty on the prohibition of future production.
But she hated herself anyway, for what she thought she had done to her only child.
The communist is advanced sexual connotation is character, ability, behavior 3 person unified.
The Committee thus agreed to recommend that the Conference of the Parties at its tenth meeting consider adopting a decision on the matter.
We are remote.
Azrbaycan Grinin Avro-Atlantika Tkilat
B. Activities of the United Nations information service at the United Nations Office at Geneva 71 - 84 15
Includes all the great classic tastes as Rocky Buns, Cream Buns, Egg Balls, Coconut Rolls, etc.
Community-based campaigns that focus on education and diagnostic services for multiple diseases have proved effective in expanding access to testing services.
I can in no way allow this to continue.
Applicable to refund of orders without an Order Form.
was received from the Chinese authorities in August 2004, but owing to the delay required for translation, it could not be reviewed by the Working Group in time to be included in the present report.
346. It was decided that the Working Group on International Contract Practices would hold its twentieth session from 22 November to 3 December 1993 at Vienna and its twenty-first session from 14 to 25 February 1994 in New York.
Global objective 1
Since the establishment of the post of Assistant Secretary-General for the Rule of Law and Security Institutions, deployment requests have been routed, in practice, through that office, in consultation with the Office of Operations and other relevant components of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
And perhaps you will consent--and he'll let me die with you!
Compliance with international and domestic environmental law is part of the planning for and implementation of Ukraine's international obligations for the destruction of PFM-1 anti-personnel mines and solid rocket fuel from RS22 intercontinental ballistic missiles.
49. His delegation supported the Special Rapporteur's proposed timetable and methodology for consideration of the topic and agreed with the need to study the specific nature of the formation and evidence of customary rules based on traditional approaches to the topic, which stressed the significance of both State practice and opinio juris.
In the past few years, educational material, from handwritten lecture notes to whole courses, has been made available online, free for anyone who wants it.
The  bar - room was now full of the boarders who had been dropping in the night previous.
The conclusions highlighted the continued need for capacity-building and increasing human and financial resources and the empowerment of women to upgrade national meteorological services.
The weight and quality of the cards, along with their artistic attributes, made them feel more special than something that has been picked up from a shelf and opened by a hundred passersby
[18 April 2011]
19 - 20 December 2002
felt widening rol
This system was pioneered by the defence ministry in the late 1980 s but faces bureaucratic resistance.
That manual, which is in the final stages of production, is intended for use during induction training of all mission personnel.
Between 1990 and 2010, Eritrea has already reduced under-five mortality by 57.4 percent.
This major event is also supported by major business organizations in both Hong Kong and the mainland.Co-organizers include the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, China Association for International Exchange of Personnel, China Non-Government Science and Technology Entrepreneurs Association, Federation of Hong Kong Industries, Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce, The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce, the Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong and Bauhinia Cup Outstanding Entrepreneurs Association.
Mr. Gennady P. Alekseenko, Deputy Chairman, Committee for Human Rights and National Relations
29. Ms. Ferguson (Canada), speaking also on behalf of Australia and New Zealand, said that the recent surge in peacekeeping activities had placed unprecedented demands on the United Nations.
They also take strength from constitutional rights and legislation in India, such as the rights to information and education.
The perpetrators are both state and non-state actors.
15. In June 2001, the Government of Trinidad and Tobago, the United Nations information centre in Port of Spain and the Caribbean Environmental Health Institute organized a conference on the role of the media in development.
By summarizing some point-view of some philosophical and psychological schools in the history, and analyzing the development of some teachers who have the right achievements, the author believes that the essential conditions can be generalized to four aspects.
In addition to being a military aggression against a founding Member State of the United Nations, Turkey's direct involvement, which continues to the date of the present letter, is yet another manifestation of the Turkish policy of supporting terrorism in Syria that has been in place since the outset of the crisis, including the blatant support that Turkey has provided to the Nusrah Front, a group that is included in the list of terrorist entities maintained by the Security Council.
Pierremont
P-2
Furthermore, the Committee recommends that the State party take measures to stop the killing and abduction of children and the use of children as child soldiers in the area of armed conflict.
Eight countries had programmes to reduce teen pregnancies, provide life skills to prevent unwanted pregnancies and assist pregnant girls.
(a) Facilitating activities under articles 60 and 62 and chapters II-V of the Convention, including by encouraging the mobilization of voluntary contributions;
Some  35.55   million  urban  dwellers  found employment over the last five years.
He wasn't going more than 15 kilometers an hour.
Hope everyone has some open space, more tolerant to their freedom to the freedom of others.
1. Reaffirms that it is one of the purposes of the United Nations and also the primary responsibility of States to promote, protect and encourage respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms through, inter alia, international cooperation;
A: Very impressive, indeed, especially the speed of your NW Model.
Prior period adjustments
The resolution of the Assembly of the League of Nations on the salaries of judges clearly establishes that the League of Nations endorsed this recommendation fixing the same salaries and allowances, free of all tax, for all "ordinary judges".
I had the feeling you've been avoiding me.
The results of experiment and computation indicate that the shimming process can be completed effectually by the reformative method.
Any good thing, therefore, that I can do, or any kindness I can show to any human being, let me do it now.
The Car Exhibition opened from September till December.
Chart X Views on the need for further development of shopping areas in Hong Kong
L. Derogations pursuant to article 4 of the Covenant 28 - 34 19
Part-time work is much more prevalent among the youngest and oldest age groups.
Then his pride was up, and he strode away and went outside
Fax : (32-2) 295 65 05
Whether that beacon will shine again is unclear.
Thus the customer tests and programmer tests are a critical enabling factor.
In particular, it will provide a framework for stakeholders and others to contribute to sustainable development in the world's mountain regions.
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of the heavens.
Sanitary pad black and is the quantity little what disease be?
The rescue of a shipwrecked crew is a heroic action.
These include limited land area and high population pressure, insufficient land area for developing large-scale operations, degraded lands with poor soils, vulnerability to natural disasters and climate change, high species endemism and high risk of biodiversity loss owing to small populations, invasive species, small tracts of forest within larger areas existing in geographic isolation and consequently more expensive to manage, weak institutional capacity, insecure land tenure and absentee landowners, and lack of integrated land-use planning.
182. In 2010 the Social Welfare fund spent 4.3 billion MNT to the above 33.9 thousand persons that need social welfare assistance; 33.0 thousand persons were paid allowances from the fund totalling 8.2 billion MNT.
Likewise, prior curative surgery was allowed provided there was evidence of non resectable disease relapse requiring systemic chemotherapy.
2. Humanitarian activities
403. As the programme has progressed, both teachers and families involved in the project agree that the quality of the work being done by schools in training families has improved.
This competency gap may have a negative effect on the economy, quality and timeliness of procurement actions, fairness, integrity and transparency of the procurement process.
The State party should put an end to all recruitment and use of child soldiers, and provide disarmament, demobilization and reintegration commissions with the human and financial resources they need to fulfil their mandates, in order to ensure the expertise required to demobilize child soldiers.
The Russian military units have been given appropriate orders.
(a) Seventy-fifth session of the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity/African Union, Addis Ababa, 9-15 March 2002;
She says she then let Brad take the script to read on a trip, 'He called and said, 'You know, honey, it's not that bad. ''
Heavy metals are important pollutants and copper is one of them with high toxicity and spreaded.
Broadening the understanding of policy actions required in the context of the tourism industry and for the adoption of a general policy to foster e-commerce readiness in developing countries;
At present, judges are governed by general civil service laws and those above the age of 60 can be retired at the discretion of the executive or retained for political loyalty beyond this age and often beyond the age of 65.
Overall, the negative health effects will disproportionately be felt in sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia and the Middle East.
And what did he offer
The Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on Sale of Children, Child Prostitution, and Child Pornography.
Summer drew to an end, and early autumn: it was past Michaelmas, but the harvest was late that year, and a few of our fields were still uncleared.
4. The Treaty is the cornerstone of the non-proliferation regime.
Fifth Meeting of States Parties
I guess the main problem is when people see DI as a hammer, everything becomes a proverbial nail.
The Bank has also contemplated some reallocation of unused amounts under ongoing operations but those amounts do not of course result in any additional transfer of resources and are in any case very limited in relation to the increased needs.
With regard to the information and communications technology (ICT) initiatives in network standardization and data consolidation, disaster recovery and business continuity, offshore software development and regional shared resource management, the Advisory Committee saw merit in the consolidation and optimization of ICT systems, services and infrastructure.
Will you that you are willing to subscribe yourself to your promise?
As an aid to communication, the membership of the regional teams and the allocation of Country Rapporteurships is available on the Subcommittee website.
United Nations Watch joined the calls to reject the proposed anti-homosexuality bill.
C. United Nations instruments against terrorism and the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption
And if your vocabulary is composed of all the most frequently used words plus those that are related to the subject of discussion, you have less difficulties in understanding.
Vyacheslav Anatolievich Logutov (Russian Federation)***
As required by the Several Opinions on Pushing Forward the Administrative Law Enforcement Accountability System issued by the General Office of the State Council in July 2005, all regions and all departments have focused on promoting the administrative law enforcement accountability system by defining law enforcement duties and responsibilities according to law, setting up law enforcement posts in a scientific way, standardizing law enforcement procedures, clarifying the duties and powers of law enforcement bodies, and removing illegal law enforcement bodies.
The trees in Wadi Mashash developed well and have started to bear fruit .
Vitamin A helps prevent skin and other tissues from becoming dry.
Additional Powers: Not that they need any, but researchers now believe that some octopi are capable of walking on land on two legs, while disguising themselves as a coconut.
Estonia has not established an absolute poverty line.
Gaomi technic school machine factory.
And what better way to improve living conditions than by empowering women.
These events were all linked together.
In particular, the Committee is concerned at the disparities in the enjoyment of rights experienced by girls and children belonging to the most vulnerable groups, such as abandoned and orphan children, children with disabilities, children born out of wedlock, children living in rural areas and Pygmy children.
The use of short sentences is encouraged.
Paragraph 1 (a)
Shows the name of the schema for the base object.
Better health contributes to helping people break the cycle of poverty and reduces the disproportionately large reproductive health disease- burden borne by poor women.
Land used for organic farming is growing at an annual rate of 13 per cent;
The project is being implemented by Movimiento de Teatro Popular sin Fronteras, a local civil society organization.
6. The United Nations currently provides for a special rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people, various special rapporteurs on children's issues, a special rapporteur on racism, the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Human Rights Committee.
not me.
The rule governs the admission of and challenge to evidence from other proceedings; therefore, the wording of paragraph (a) (i) is not appropriate in the context of the rule, because it speaks of “facts”, and facts are not evidence which can be admitted; facts are demonstrated by means of evidence.
Recognizing the role of women and young people in advancing the culture of peace and, in particular, the importance of greater involvement of women in the prevention and resolution of conflicts and in activities promoting a culture of peace, including in post-conflict situations,
Saint-Julia-de-Bec
Two speakers welcomed the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the consolidated budget for the biennium 2010-2011 for UNODC, stating that the report contained substantive recommendations on aspects of relevance to the work of UNODC, such as the development of regional and thematic programmes, the realignment of functions within the Office and the need to respond to the recommendations of oversight and audit bodies (E/CN.7/2009/14 - E/CN.15/2009/24).
Avon has been named one of Fortune magazine's most admired companies and we've made Business Week's list of the world's most valuable brands for three years in a row
I want you to know specifically what I am doing.
9. Non-university institutions for higher education (3)
The delegation of authority requires that DFS improve support and oversight of the performance of human resources management functions in the field and mitigate financial and managerial risks associated with those functions.
7. Urges all States:
Italy
C. Proposal 3: Revision of the MoU, assimilation of staff and accounts, without physical relocation of the GM
should gain some real knowledge and ability; otherwise there will be no point in your trying to blow your own horn.
UNIIIC
(iv) Rehabilitation and restoration of degraded lands and the promotion of natural and planted forests;
'Your father is a parson, and your mother wouldn' like you to marry such as me. She will want you to marry a lady. '
Given the gravity of the situation, the parties should immediately engage in talks to establish a period during which conditions for free and fair elections can be created.
There is an independent judiciary.
Informal consultation on the draft UNV strategic framework, 2014-2017, and informal discussion of the first draft of the UNV strategic framework, 2014-17, by the UNV Executive Coordinator.
Over the years, UNHCR has become dependent on consultants for mainframe computer maintenance since their knowledge and expertise has not been transferred to UNHCR regular staff.
Any of the above evidence must be verified before it can be used as the basis for deciding cases.
I assured her we could help and sought the assistance of the office manager.
When you're a small business owner you get to fire your customers.
Begonia, you do so and would make me have no the face to appear in public.
The following permissions let a principal create an XML schema collection in a relational schema in a database on a server
24 March 1988
 While the link between humanitarian and peace-keeping operations could at times generate tension, it has been possible to build upon and indeed strengthen the positive dimension of this cooperation.
He was sentenced to a fine of NGL 750 and a suspended sentence of two weeks' imprisonment.
Ten years ago, the situation was very different.
8. Discussions focused on the possible structure of a management and review mechanism (now referred to as a "bureau"), the functions and modalities of regional workshops and the means of nominating the pool of experts that would be required to support the development of the first integrated assessment.
Àlex Gómez
In its contribution the Government of Guatemala provided details of the current state of the disease in the country and government initiatives to respond to the challenge.
The People's Majlis has the authority to pass laws concerning the administration of the courts, the trial and appellate jurisdiction of the courts and trial procedures.
May Allah guide you straight path, and guide you to that which pleases Him. Ameen.
United Nations Volunteers programme
(Hungary)
The Factories Act should be amended to cover all factories or workshops employing child labour.
The Board is of the view that a common framework or guidance is still required in order for missions to properly and consistently address the registration of prospective local vendors.
(c) Take effective measures to combat child labour and take urgent measures to remove children from hazardous work in the agriculture and fishing sectors and domestic work, and seek technical assistance from the International Programme on the Elimination of Child Labour of the International Labour Office;
Brazil 23 October 1997
Keywords Superior trapezius;Myocutaneous flap;Transplantation;
Breaks allow us to re-group our thoughts and focus for the task at hand.
B. Biotechnology and United States patent law . 42 - 45 12
UNDP supported the nationwide efforts of the Ministry of Health to build capacity of its personnel in the administration of anti-retroviral drugs;
Distr.: General
Klosterkumbd
12. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-first session the item entitled "Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East".
Department of Economic and Social Affairs
He loved his little bird.
The signature mainly consists of the addresser's signature , the typed name of his and his business title.
But if there were a novelist who, for whatever reason, wrote work stand with the wall, of what valu would such work be?
The draft resolution represents an important step towards increased oversight by the Fifth Committee of the management and functioning of peacekeeping operations.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Angola, at her request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
494. A Property Management Officer post (P-4) is therefore requested to: assist in researching, specifying and developing new systems for property management; prepare and conduct training seminars on recent system developments (Galileo and the bar code project); and further improve and implement the current property management system.
a See SPLOS/192.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Dolores Lois (tel. 1 (212) 963-2184; fax 1 (212) 963-5935)).
California Science Center
The Security Council members welcomed the signing, on 12 June 2000 at Jeddah, and the subsequent ratification, of a treaty defining the maritime and ground borders between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Republic of Yemen.
That rule lays down a procedure for restricted ballots in the event that, after the first ballot, the requisite number of candidates have not obtained the required majority.
B. Constitutional and legislative framework
Major cities in Europe and Africa are the least exposed overall.
TPP was safe to be taken and there was no significant evident toxicity for orally intake.
"Don't worry about Robert; he'll be all right.
Number of applications
So, when we buried him, that was it. you know?
Germany contributed Euro31,000 for the legislative elections and Euro88,000 for the presidential elections.
121. The United States has assisted over 30 international universities in incorporating nuclear security into graduate and undergraduate nuclear engineering curriculums and trained over 4,000 students from more than 120 countries through IAEA physical protection training programmes.
 The recent earthquake in India serves as a cruel reminder of our vulnerability to such calamities.
Report of Secretary General on the International Year of Human Rights Learning
Unfortunately, this borrowing simply failed accommodate the complexity of the climate - change issue.
All the design concerning government image, must be able to realize the communication.
The conclusion of the Agreement with the host country was indeed an important step forward in the institutional development of the Organization and paved the way for the smooth and efficient performance of the secretariat and its staff.
On 12 February 2009, the author reiterates his allegation that the State party has not implemented the Views and states that since the Views were adopted nineteen other criminal cases have been heard by the court in Tizi-Ouzou.
The UK's policies with regard to anti-terrorism are subject to five key principles, which remain constant. These are:
Objective To determine the growing index of SPF miniature pig.
Unable to shake the latest batch of state security men following us by foot, we jumped into a wheezing taxi of mid-20th century vintage.
The Committee welcomes the Minister's announcement that Suriname's next periodic report would be submitted to the Committee in February 2003, and the fact that the State party would include the outstanding answers to the oral questions in that report.
She reiterated the Committee's support for the five key principles for process outcomes agreed to at the twenty-fifth meeting of the Chairs of the human rights treaty bodies: strengthen human rights protection; respect the independence and impartiality of the treaty bodies and their members; be comprehensive and sustainable; provide for full reinvestment of cost-savings in the treaty system; and take full advantage of new technologies.
Further, transnational corporations and other business enterprises shall conduct periodic evaluations concerning the impact of their own activities on human rights under these Norms.
3.4 The author also submits that these risks are amplified for a person who has no experience in Somalia, very limited language skills and lacking clan and/or family support.
But things were different for BEginners. "For BEginner exercisers, mirrors can BE daunting, " she said.
The purpose of this fund is to finance the on-going activities of the ISU, with the States Parties endeavouring to assure the necessary financial resources.
Also good for China tennis.
"The spokesman said, "Hydrogen bombs don't kill people - people kill people. The bomb is for self-protection and it also has a deterrent effect.
"the young girl in Gaza who wants to have no ceiling on her dreams or the young boy in Sderot who wants to sleep without the nightmare of rocket fire" (A/65/PV.11, p. 12).
This time the geometric focus is a bit of a blur. This is due to the application of tolerance calculations in the ray trace software.
9. I am concerned about the deteriorating situation in Kosovo and the absence of progress in negotiations between the parties concerned.
One inch of break.
Distr.: General
D. Official development assistance
Network morals are drawing much attention of the people in modern society and the deep research of them is needed nowadays.
On behalf of Council members, the President made a statement to the press condemning the continuing flow of arms into Somalia in contravention of Council resolutions and calling for the arms embargo to be respected.
These networks should first of all generate high-quality and policy-relevant analysis.
Accordingly, it has closely examined the situation of individuals in psychiatric institutions and, in accordance with its findings, has drawn up a series of standards in that connection,36 including with respect to involuntary placement in psychiatric institutions.
Does he respect the press and media, or does he secretly scorn them?
Kenya
As to paragraphs 6 and 31, it should ensure genuine independence of judges and magistrates so that they can apply the law respecting their professional ethics, and put an end to harassment of lawyers.
We have to live in the world we have, with all its political divisions, and not the world we wish we had.
Since 19 th century, Buckingham Palace has become the place that the royal family does their activities.
Although HIV infection is incurable, cocktails of the drugs can control the virus.
The author has never indicated that he would have liked a particular counsel to represent him.
It'should not be exterminated with forces which will shortly be available.
The illicit crop cultivation survey reports produced by the UNODC illicit crop monitoring programme enabled the international community to closely monitor developments in global cultivation of opium poppy and coca bush.
Draft programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 for the Population Division, Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Kadish went home and told his wife, Aksah and the servants that all were to follow the doctors orders without question
Submitted by: Mrs. B. L.
Why don't we rent one of the Seaview Holidays Flats for our holiday, Mary?
:: Cultural attitudes of both men and women must be changed through education in order to prevent violence against girls and women, to prevent HIV/AIDS and other diseases, to prevent forced early marriages, trafficking and forced prostitution, and to promote gender equity
Below you'll find a selection of some of the more humorous UFO renderings, as well as the alien signature of one of the dedicated hunters.
3. Also calls upon the international community to enhance relief assistance to populations affected by devastation caused by natural disasters as well as by manmade events in order to ensure their physical and mental health recovery;
United Nations missions, national Government offices, United Nations offices, researchers, media representatives and the public regularly consult the Population Division regarding data, information and analyses on population and development issues.
Welcoming the State party's recent bill in this regard, the Committee remains concerned:
For example, in Chile, where comparable long-term data on cocaine abuse are available, past-year prevalence of such abuse is at a substantially higher level than a decade ago, whereas more recent indicators have suggested stabilizing or even decreasing abuse of cocaine hydrochloride (cocaine powder) among the general population (persons aged 15-64) (in 2004, past-year prevalence was 1.4 per cent).
Fiji has set itself a timeframe of 10 years where it will endeavour to ratify all core human rights conventions.
Ms. Udval (Mongolia): Differences in views and passionate attachment to respective positions do not come as a surprise given that HIV/AIDS, since it was first reported, has exploded into a global threat and humanitarian crisis on a scale never seen before.
54. In addition, UNAMID has been exploring ways of increasing outreach to the general population in the absence of a radio station.
Assessment of appropriate compensation in connection with the applications submitted to it.
2. Environment in which these rights are exercised
Indeed, in paragraph 40 (b) of the Secretary-General's report (A/58/544), it was recommended that UNITAR should apply a consistent programme support rate to the Special Purpose Grants Fund.
He passed the initial test, but failed the subsequent one.
Rotary-wing aircraft
Must be a registered trade subject in a country that is not under the embargo of the UN, where is prohibited the import- export of armaments, ammunitions and other items, in compliance with the respective international instruments where the Republic of Albania is a party.
List of Colonial Territories by country
A preliminary global list drawn up by the Global Office in consultation with all the ICP 2011 regions (Africa; Asia Pacific; Commonwealth of Independent States; Latin America and the Caribbean; West Asia; and OECD/Eurostat) was provided by the Global Office in May 2010.
41. The term "governance", or "good governance", is one of the most ambiguous concepts used in the development literature.
If DST were implemented today, it would probably reduce energy consumption by less than 0.2%. In terms of emissions reductions, the impact would be similarly negligible.
ITU
Water, energy and environment: management of water and energy resources, protection of the environment and climate change adaptation.
Now I prefer to look ahead to 2005. "My aim is to play good football, enjoy life in Spain and enjoy playing for Real Madrid.
He concluded that former Rwandan armed forces members (ex-FAR) were a significant component of the international coalition against the rebels in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and that, despite the existing United Nations arms embargo, the ex-FAR continued to receive arms from a wide variety of sources.
Chairman: Mr. Trevor Pascal Chimimba (Malawi)
Moreover, political parties sought out women to stand as candidates for political elections and gave them adequate visibility during the electoral campaigns.
They must both lower the tax burden and reduce bloated transfer payments.
It encourages all those involved in enhancing Africa's peacekeeping capacity to ensure that training for and the conduct of peacekeeping give due emphasis to international humanitarian law and human rights, including the rights of the child, as well as to gender issues.
The Director of Broadcasting and the Chief Executive Officer of Televise Samoa are women.
 Today, we are meeting to close still yet another significant chapter - this time, in the work of this Assembly.
The Secretary-General should draw up, for consideration and approval by the General Assembly, a system of delegation of authority and related accountability in line with the Joint Inspection Unit benchmarking framework for results-based management.
The global battle against AIDS is a major challenge for all of us.
This technic has been used in the instrument of IC wafer Stress Analyzer and Shear Electronic Speckle Pattern Interferometry (SESPI).
It's part of the team.
Chinese bloggers are no different.
It has no policy regarding purchase of premises as opposed to renting them.
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination
The High Cost Of A Bargain Meal
(f) Request the United Nations Development Group to develop guidelines for simplifying and harmonizing programming instruments and processes at the country level, resulting in an increased ability of the United Nations system to adapt to different country-specific situations and a considerable reduction in transaction costs for national Governments and other partners.
It should also be noted that there is considerable difference in the treatment of these issues in the insolvency laws of different countries, which will necessitate a careful study in order to achieve a harmonized approach.
S/AC.43/2004/29
Its unique a-frame design and indoor monorail station makes it a modern masterpiece.
WESTERN EUROPE
Fiji and other countries in our region enjoy a cordial and satisfactory relationship with our dialogue partners so far as the implementation and observance of the South Pacific Nuclear-Free Zone Treaty are concerned.
Thus, foreign investment in stock market assets was one of the flow components most heavily affected during 1998.
13. As far as the high-level international intergovernmental event was concerned, ASEAN supported the proposal of establishing a joint task force between the Economic and Social Council and Bretton Woods institutions as the first step towards involving the major stakeholders in the preparatory process leading to the final event.
Positive results were predicted in the discussions that would reopen for that purpose.
E-mail: Sophia.Mylona@unep.org
369. The Administration agreed with the Board's recommendation that it specify in the statement of ex gratia payments to which account the payments are posted.
Do good, feel goodthis really works.
Ticking clock indeed. Already it's time to turn clocks forward one hour this Sunday morning, March 8th.
39. States should recognize and encourage the contribution of lawyers' associations, universities, civil society and other groups and institutions in providing legal aid.
Some agencies feel that if ICSC, JIU and ACABQ draw up their own budget, there should be an explicit and effective means to ensure that these entities do not exceed a specific limit, and that cost control and other management measures apply.
baby's bone growth faster, if long-term and carry them in his bosom, the child bone grow properly disadvantage.
The prosecution then stated that according to that communication, in refugee camps in Burundi, rape, crimes and acts of torture were committed in front of protection officials, who did not put a stop to them;
47. China appreciated the efforts of Dominica in recent years and the achievements in safeguarding the rights of women and children and improving their status, in combating human trafficking, and in other areas.
Article 3. Non-automatic termination or suspension
Commonwealth of Independent States and Georgia
Cities could not evolve into prosperity-generating urban spaces without a minimum set of basic institutions that people could understand and to whose regulations they could adhere.
By mistake, he left the drink outside all night with the stirring stick still in it
Dip the toothbrush in warm, soapy water; then use it to gently scrub the bristles and hairbrush pad.
:: Developing and implementing transparency and confidence-building measures in the strategic relationships among NPT nuclear-weapon States in order to facilitate the lessening of tension and strengthening of trust between them.
The partly deaf man inclined forward to hear the conversation more clearly.
He wrote several historical plays, notably Qu Yuan ( 1942 ).
Today, bundles of glass fibers carry calls on laser beams of light.Many of these inventionsincluding sound motion pictures and stereo recording, along with 23,00 other patentscome from ATT Bell Laboratories founded in 1925
Facilitating preparation of the global monitoring report, which is an integration of regional reports;
(d) Pornography is now a virtually unexplored field, and the obsolescence of existing legislation, as the result of modern technology, necessitates upgrading the review of laws in the order of priorities.
Torture and inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment
The satellite's other beams will cover the Americas and the North Atlantic, where the company Connexion by Boeing(TM) will use the satellite to provide its Internet-to-aircraft service;
Therefore, the general debate at its sixty-first session will be held from Tuesday, 19 September, to Friday, 22 September, and from Monday, 25 September, to Friday, 29 September 2006.
Once I to Tai'an practice, it was Danny 's birthday, I bought her two bracelet.
Yogacarabhumi-sastra
Rather, there was a need to provide proper training and ensure the availability of appropriate equipment.
The chasm between you and he can not be solved by us.
The President (interpretation from Spanish): The next speaker is the representative of Morocco.
In accordance with Article 11 of the Constitution of the Organization, the Director-General shall be the chief administrative officer of the Organization.
accounts, audited.
[Both brothers were imaginary. ] That's a lie
B. Communications sent to the Government 27 - 33 8
We cooked the fish in the microwave oven.
Conference Room 9
Romania
 Special education and public information efforts are needed to promote equal treatment of girls and boys with respect to nutrition, health care, education and social, economic and political activity, as well as equitable inheritance rights.
No less formidable and challenging to the development agenda than the international political and economic environment is the fragile ecosystem in which we now live.
While the decline in oil prices is a significant issue for investor sentiment, the real impact on Russia's economic fundamentals is likely to be less marked.
I snuffed it off, and, very ill at ease under the influence of cold and lingering nausea, sat up and spread open the injured tome on my knee.
(f) The expenditure ratio between programmes (substantive work) and infrastructure (support activities) is improving, rising from 76:24 in 2002-2003 to 77:23 in 2004-2005 to a projected 79:21 ratio in 2006-2007.
In the event of non-compliance, the institutions concerned are subject to the penalties referred to in article 17 of the same Decree.
[17 June 2008]
Implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/214 B,
4. Requests UNDP to submit to the Executive Board for consideration a second review of the programming arrangements framework at the second regular session 2011, and to include, with the option to implement in 2012 and based on the midterm review, concrete, actionable proposals to improve the operational results of the strategic plan, 2008-2013, with respect to:
"Because it is water-soluble, the substance may be consumed in much more diverse ways than the oil-soluble tocopherol.
For more information on the event, please visit the following Web site: <www.un.org/ecosoc/meetings/meeting_WHO.shtml>; or contact Ms. Cheryl Stafford (tel. 1 (917) 367-3116; e-mail stafford@un.org).
Presenter: Ms. Devillet
Birdsall and Williamson (2002, p. 8) report that the United States Government - which is congressionally mandated to estimate the present value of its loan portfolio - applies a 92 per cent discount to the debt of HIPCs.
Mrs. Loemban Tobing-Klein (Suriname): The international community needs a strong multilateral institution to address contemporary global issues in this era of globalization.
A: Certainly! Shall we make a snowman?
Mr. Touray (Gambia): I bring to everyone here greetings from His Excellency Al Hadji Yahya A.J.J. Jammeh, President and head of State of the Republic of the Gambia.
The quota sets a threshold below which foreign exchange transactions can be handled directly at a bank.
On hearing that she had won first prize in the competition, she was frantic with joy.
Can you get a perfectly symmetrical pattern if you put a mirror on the dotted line?
It's too small. Lesson 107 It's too small.
with the whole...  nudity element.
She makes lifelong alliances with people she considers kindred spirits and holds years-long grudges against people who cross her.
The leader of the Trade Union gave a speech and kept the workers on the boil.
244. The information is not collated in the central statistics of the Ministry.
Submitted by the President
Subtotal
It also encourages the State party to put in place monitoring mechanisms to regularly assess progress made towards the achievement of established goals.
Four multilateral meetings with political parties, the National Electoral Commission, opinion holders and civil society organizations to assess and unblock political obstacles in the electoral process
Antigua and Barbuda
It also appreciated the importance placed by Brunei Darussalam on religious freedom and tolerance as well as its role in the Alliance of Civilizations.
Number of projects
The right to self-determination, which was enshrined in various international documents, did not envisage such a situation.
As the economy develops and job opportunities increase, the income of urban and rural residents keeps rising.
 13.2. While such success can be facilitated by developments in the overall social and economic context, and by success in other development efforts, population and development are intrinsically interrelated and progress in any component can catalyse improvement in others.
5. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization
II. OVERVIEW OF THE PRESENT WORKING METHODS OF THE COMMITTEE 20 — 51 13
Every year both Government and NGOs run campaigns to promote public understanding of the different kinds of disability.
(a) Process of accreditation of representatives of non-governmental organizations;
 UNOMIG will therefore continue to monitor the system carefully.
High-level segment
In particular, these posts relate to:
We seek this deeper and broader engagement because we know our collective future depends on it.
Done at Kinshasa on 15 May 1999.
Imperialism is the eve of the social revolution of the proletariat.
 Furthermore, in spite of the confidence expressed by IEC, the realities on the ground in the areas visited by the Mission, and the complexities of the communication and other infrastructural problems in the rural areas of the country, do not easily lend support to its optimism.
Comprehensive budget management is an important method of finance management and control.
Likewise the house of Joseph went up against Bethel, and the Lord was with them.
Rule 18
For administrative purposes, resource requirements for the United Nations share of this common service are included in the budget provisions for conference services at the United Nations Office at Vienna and are identified under subprogramme 4, Library services.
(Fourth Committee)
They gave him more latitude, but did not cancel this particular injunction.
It would also like to express its support for the letter dated 14 July 2011 from the NonAligned Movement addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2011/427) concerning the open debate entitled "Maintenance of international peace and security: impact of climate change", which has been scheduled for 20 July 2011.
Renewal notices issued at least 60 days prior to the expiration of contracts
(f) The discussion on the theme "A conversation on international law relevant to the use of nuclear weapons" was moderated by Dell Higgie (New Zealand).
56. More reports continued to be received of acts of terrorism, particularly attributed to the FARCEP, resulting from the use of explosive artefacts, some of which were placed on bicycles or horses.
In connection with the application of paragraph 32 of the United Nations system accounting standards, the Advisory Committee was informed that no provision for delays in the collection of contributions was reflected in the accounts for 1996-1997 and that the external auditor had not raised any objections.
At the same meeting, the Special Committee decided that it would consider accepting invitations to such meetings as might be received in 2014 and that, when the details of such meetings become known, it would request the Secretary-General to seek the necessary budgetary provision, in accordance with established procedures.
Received professional education in Japan and the United States (Law and Economics).
137. In making its recommendations on the staffing and operational requirements of the Mission for 2010, the Advisory Committee has taken into account the prevailing security situation and the possibility of delays in implementing the operational workplan, in deploying proposed staff to the regional and provincial offices or in adhering to the projected time frames.
List of competent authorities and focal points
Nevertheless, the Advisory Committee notes that, in terms of monthly expenditure requirements, an amount of $11.7 million is estimated monthly for 2004 compared with $8 million during the biennium 2002 - 2003.
The problem for traffic jam and malfunction coil is solved by the colorful road surface.
Consideration of the handbook on critical-use nominations including the standard presumptions proposed for use in future critical-use reviews;
This data refuses to slip into recession territory.
'Tis an etiquette I despise, said he. If he wants our society, let him seek it
A/67/6 (Prog. 26)
The depressed market results in the stagnation of barter trade.
Prepared a corporate guidance note for UNCTs and assisted up to 15 UNCTs, UNDP global, regional and country teams, and regional commissions, at their request, to integrate South-South approaches in the design of PRSPs, CCAs, UNDAFs and or concrete projects/programmes.
30. Progress on the benchmark pertaining to the conflict in Liberia should be assessed in the context of the security situation in the wider Mano River Union subregion.
Recalling its resolution 49/75 E of 15 December 1994 on a step-by-step reduction of the nuclear threat, and its resolutions 50/70 P of 12 December 1995, 51/45 O of 10 December 1996, 52/38 L of 9 December 1997, 53/77 X of 4 December 1998, 54/54 P of 1 December 1999, 55/33 T of 20 November 2000 and 56/24 R of 29 November 2001 on nuclear disarmament,
19. In sum, the views received from States, including those contained in the interim report on the study to the sixtieth session of the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/2004/91), express strong condemnation of acts of terrorism.
Source Textbooks - All excerpts courtesy of the American Mathematical Society. Used with permission.
The thought of another school day makes my stomach hurt!
An old English liquid measure equal to 2.0 quarts ( 1.9 liters ).
A Senior Contracts and Policy Officer at the P-5 level is requested to head the unit.
Taiwan Academy
17. Establishment of Gender Units in 14 ministries
The Service provides liaison support and services to regional groups, and is responsible for monitoring the institutional follow-up to the decisions of the intergovernmental machinery, preparation of the calendar of meetings, editing and report writing, protocol support and preparation of host country agreements.
Donkey Xote
In this connection, the Government is urged to devote more public resources to the land registry process in order to ensure its financial sustainability in the medium term and to extend it throughout the country.
If all efforts at consensus have been exhausted and no agreement has been reached, the amendment shall, as a last resort, require for its adoption a two-thirds majority vote of the States Parties present and voting at the meeting of the Conference of the Parties.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs had recently pledged closer cooperation with non-governmental organizations in tackling prostitution, including the problems confronting women and children smuggled into Thailand from neighbouring countries.
[Original: French]
The water was ice cold and my hands were completely blue.
The Board is collaborating with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) on gender indicators in engineering, science and technology and participated in the UNESCO World Conference on Science, held in Budapest in July 1999.
4 October 1999
62. At the present session, the Sub—Commission will have before it the working paper prepared by Mr. Guissé (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/7).
Like others, we also support the draft's blending of the elements of the programme of work and its implementation, which we consider a useful initiative in giving clarity on our forward programme.
and Matthew and Thomas; James the son of Alphaeus, and Simon who was called the Zealot
Survivors' benefits
The draft declaration should stress that people who lived in poverty were quite capable of finding solutions to their problems when given the means to do so.
Forgiveness can never be realized in an atmosphere of accusation, condemnation, anger and fault finding.
The Mission Air Operations Centre is responsible for coordinating asset utilization with the United Nations aircraft contractors and contingent aviation units in relation to the use of aircrew hours and aircraft hours, taking account of crew rotations, aircraft maintenance and unplanned downtime such that availability is assured; receiving requests for flights from the sector air operations centres and offices in Khartoum and coordinating them to match asset availability and advise customers on air asset utilization; coordinating special flight requests and cargo movement requests; briefing aircrews on tasking, flight clearances, air traffic control, the airport manager and local Government and Civil Aviation Authority representatives and military intelligence; assessing risk for each flight in conjunction with advice from the Joint Mission Analysis Centre; disseminating weather forecasts to crews; obtaining United Nations security clearances for flights; and coordinating all flights with the relevant sector air operations centre as appropriate.
(a) A regional telemedicine research centre could be established in Asia.
Lee Yoo-hyung
Benchmark 17
We therefore call once again for the full and effective implementation of the practical steps set out in the 2000 Final Document.
Vice-Presidents of the General Assembly for the
Cause: The filter specified is wrong or CPS constructed a bad filter.
Federal law does not oblige the cantons to make available or to finance shelters, so that the support given by the State to shelters for women continues to vary from one canton to another.
Switches, 24 ports
Tina: These days, I can't think of anything but motor oil. Even coffee makes me think of it.
Appeal Board Panel under the Rabies Ordinance (Cap.421)
Noting the DOS report's conclusion that fundamental change was needed in country office operations to prevent the recurrence of audit issues, a number of delegations welcomed the personal intervention of the Executive Director in chairing the audit monitoring committee and his assurance that this was a priority area for UNFPA.
"One is so near to another That no air can come between them.
6. Considers that international cooperation in the field of human rights, in conformity with the purposes and principles set out in the Charter of the United Nations and international law, should make an effective and practical contribution to the urgent task of preventing violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms;
Did you go to the concert last night? Yes, I did.
So can cutting the number of participants, training those who lead meetings, and banning mobile phones and Black-Berrys to help keep participants focused.
19. The lack of a timely response from the Government prevents the Working Group from evaluating other facts that could influence its decision on whether or not the deprivation of liberty which is the subject of this complaint is arbitrary.
Week of Solidarity with the Peoples of All Colonial Territories Fighting for Freedom, Independence and Human Rights
Letter dated 15 April 1986 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council;
To get some good results, we recommend you study for at least 24 - weeks.
Both priorities give way to the need to retain enough cash overall to maintain the cash liquidity of the Organization.
Thank you. I' ve just had it washed.
Action on draft resolutions AC.2/60/L.13 and A/C.2/60/L.47
Between 1959 and 2005, about half of the growth of the middle class’s income came from increased net government expenditures.
The child was born on the wrong side of the blanket.
So what time were you thinking, since you have the car?
Nearly 70 percent of Chinese women are content with their lives, according to a new survey.About 68.5 percent of the women say they live in a "harmonious family", with just 6 percent unhappy with their lives, says the survey, conducted by Women of China and Huakun Women's Life Survey Center.
I paid last time, and the time before, and the time before that  in fact you've never paid
The young boy, Ahmed Younis Khader Abu Daqqa, age 13, suffered a bullet wound in the abdomen and died minutes later.
The report has highlighted a number of concerns, in the areas of documentation, health, education, training and incomegeneration which impact severely on women and children.
Bonasera hesitated, then bent down and put his lips so close to the Don's hairy ear that they touched.
We must give ear to the criticism of the masses.
38. All developing regions have experienced significant migrant outflows directed to developed countries.
Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General (Resident Coordinator/Humanitarian Coordinator)
III. Other activities
In fact, I've gone entire months without thinking about shit.
The teacher was telling us about the poet's life, when he went off at a tangent and started talking about his war experiences.
HRW conducted follow-up research in March 2008.
 An amount of $38,700 is requested to provide for one expert group meeting to assist the secretariat in devising methodologies for estimating tariff equivalents of non-tariff measures and implications for developing countries.
This office would be responsible for formulating and implementing the strategy for United Nations engagement with all constituencies beyond the formal membership of central Governments.
These numbers reflect the reorganization of posts approved for the 2012/13 budget.
One possible task for an independent expert on cultural rights would be to sensitise other special procedures to integrate in their recommendations the cultural dimensions of their respective mandates.
24. Consequences of the Iraqi occupation of and aggression against Kuwait.2
And this suit is too small.
Schools have reopened in all parts of the country and programmes to train teachers are fully on track.
The President: I thank the Ambassador of Japan for his statement and now give the floor to Ambassador Higgie of New Zealand.
Expressing deep concern about environmental crimes, including trafficking in endangered and, where applicable, protected species of wild fauna and flora, and emphasizing the need to combat such crimes by strengthening international cooperation, capacity-building, criminal justice responses and law enforcement efforts,
Figure VII
If we go within through meditation, we will boldly face any unfavorable circumstance.
There's no harm in shooting at directorship, but I think he's too inexperienced for the job.
Governance
I like to show that my work is a combination of man and material where both the person making the object and the material have equal significance.
The same commentary applies.
The Commission adopted subparagraph (a) and referred the matter of its precise formulation to the drafting group.
47. AI underscored that since the beginning of the armed conflict in the north of Mali, the authorities had targeted journalists, including three foreigners, to prevent them from freely exercising their profession.
The CMP, by its decision 13/CMP.1, requested the secretariat to begin publishing the annual compilation and accounting report referred to in paragraph 61 of the annex to that decision after completion of the initial review under Article 8 of the Kyoto Protocol and resolution of any question of implementation relating to adjustments under Article 5, paragraph 2, of the Kyoto Protocol, or to the assigned amount pursuant to Article 3, paragraphs 7 and 8, of the Kyoto Protocol and to forward such report to the CMP, the Compliance Committee and each Party concerned.
Direct cooperation in establishing or strengthening national human rights institutions has been offered, often in collaboration with UNDP, to some 30 countries.
Election of officers
As required, UNEP will prepare reports for the consideration of these bodies on the status of implementation of the cooperative agreements, including proposals for future collaborative actions in areas of common concern.
15. Also encourages Parties, in the context of Article 4, paragraphs 1(c) and 5, of the Convention and consistent with their respective capabilities and national circumstances and priorities, to engage in bilateral and multilateral cooperative activities on technology development and transfer in order to, inter alia:
Similarly, officials in Britain are alarmed by what may be disclosed in America.
Guatemala
Subsequently, Helmut Tuerk (Austria) was elected by the Committee as its Chairman.
Since the elimination of nuclear tests was a critical element of the nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation process, the CARICOM States called for a renewed commitment to promoting the entry into force of CTBT, which had not yet been signed and ratified by enough countries.
Peru, which has been and remains a stalwart standard-bearer in the cause of prohibiting anti-personnel landmines, welcomes the report contained in A/58/260, which provides an overview of the strategies of the Organization on this issue.
C. International Labour Organization
The Beijing Olympic Games was a grand sports meet for peoples of the entire world.However, some terrorist forces, in order to reach their political purposes, attempted to create terrorist incidents at the time of the Beijing Olympic Games in total disregard safety of life and security of property of peoples of the whole world.
Withholding of clearance revenue, and the uncertainty it breeds, is not the only factor that constrains the PA fiscal space and limits its ability to optimize the use of limited resources for economic recovery.
Russian Federation
3. Expresses its appreciation to the Secretary-General for his constructive efforts to promote training and assistance in international law within the framework of the Programme of Assistance in 2006 and 2007, in particular for the organization of the forty-second and forty-third sessions of the International Law Seminar, held at Geneva in 2006 and 2007, respectively, and for the activities of the Office of Legal Affairs of the Secretariat related to the International Law Fellowship Programme and to the Hamilton Shirley Amerasinghe Memorial Fellowship on the Law of the Sea, carried out, respectively, through its Codification Division and its Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea;
The second indictee has not been prosecuted as he remains at large.
But don't you think that it should be called Order and LawRachel: No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.Phoebe: Don't get me started on that
In terms of health-related issues, the Medical Services Division has developed close linkages with the New York City Department of Health.
Stuart Creque worked for one high-tech firm in which a manager's right-hand man started smoking a pipe, four-wheeling in jeeps and sporting a beard.
The present situation is precarious.
Do not let yesterday depressed be overshadowed tomorrow dream!
(UNA024-03010) Human Rights Council mandates (under subprogramme 1)
"Help!
The missile struck a building is said to be a Taliban recruitment centre.
Come to my house for Thanksgiving! We are having turkey, pumpkin pie, mashed potatoes with gravy, and lots of stuffing!
Life always makes a full circle.
Boris Nemtsov, a leader in the Union of Right Forces party (SPS), Wednesday said the democratic opposition should have a single candidate in the March election.
P : Yes , thank you. Please bring me a dressing gown too.
Box 3. Principles for improving institutions
Viet, what do you think
I am always glad when payday comes round.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of rational use of antimicrobials with the aid of clinical pharmacists.
That is why no one should be surprised at the importance that Sierra Leone -- a poor country emerging from a devastating conflict -- attaches to the development cluster of the outcome document, including the section on ways in which to meet the special needs of Africa.
Adder
It is vital to get clean water and food supplies to this flooded area immediately.
You are only a child in the eyes of your teacher.
When scientists drugged the rats to halt neuron signals between the two regions, the rats forgot the long-term memory.
The Charter is based on principles of human rights, respect for the dignity of women, equal opportunity and the fight against all forms of exclusion of and discrimination against women.
Leaders noted that a response to a terrorist incident in the region might include requests for external assistance and that a Regional Cooperation for Counter-Terrorism Assistance and Response model to facilitate such requests would be developed for consideration by the 2007 Forum Regional Security Committee and Leaders' Meeting.
LONDON – Testifying recently before a United States congressional committee, former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that the recent financial meltdown had shattered his “intellectual structure.”
He said the Chinese defined poverty at a level that understated the size of the problem, at about Rmb650 ($83) a year in income, equal to about five per cent of average per capita income, compared with the US benchmark of 12 per cent.
If you invest in the stock market, you may make a big profit when the price goes up.
You are the future of society, it is the community's aspirations.
18. Mr. Askarov (Uzbekistan) said that the global financial and economic crisis underscored the need for Governments to pursue responsible policies aimed at establishing a stable and diverse foundation for sustainable economic development.
Ethan, where's Jack?
37. Article 27 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) provides for the right of members of minorities to enjoy their own culture, practice their own religion and use their own language.
According to the State education programme, pupils and students in all educational institutions study three languages simultaneously: Turkmen, English and Russian.
33. The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to ensure that the principle of the best interests of the child is appropriately integrated and consistently applied in all legislative, administrative and judicial proceedings as well as in all policies, programmes and projects relevant to and with an impact on children.
9. Encourages countries of origin, transit and destination to seek technical assistance from and/or to collaborate with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the World Health Organization to better promote and protect the human rights of migrants, including the right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
He is a mellow scientist.
Last week, their streamline car was stolen.
Efforts were under way to identify a new location for the data centre that would conform to the original cost estimate.
692. Algeria noted with satisfaction that Iceland had accepted most of the recommendations received, and took note of its positive approach to converting a number of recommendations into voluntary commitments.
She didn't invite John to her wedding because he might turn out to be a bull in a china shop .
Stick with only the things you really need. A handful of messages is all you'll ever get through.
Time is the greatest teacher.
The Committee further recalls its previous recommendation (CCPR/C/BIH/CO/1, para. 15) and remains concerned that personal disability benefits received by civilian victims of war are significantly lower than those received by war veterans in entities and respective cantons (arts 2, 7 and 26).
The Middle East is one of the regions that have experienced particularly severe and bloody wars and hostilities.
He was praised by the teacher.
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, pre-sessional working group, forty-sixth session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
Seven members rated the substantive support provided by the Division in facilitating the intergovernmental process and in preparing documentation as "very useful"; one member characterized the nature of that support as "excellent".
All download servers are working to full capacity.
Ningbo's leadership resisted some of the Mao era's economic policies, allowing it to keep an entrepreneurial streak uncommon in China.
It means whoever nailed the barometer did a poor job.
Colombia
70 A Review of Measures Taken by Regional Marine Fishery Bodies to Address Contemporary Fishery Issues, FAO Fisheries Circular No. 940 (FIPL/C940) (FAO, Rome, April 1999), p. 23.
 The electoral registry had been drawn up, marking the completion of the transition to democracy.
Oftedal's team concludes that the most likely explanation for the headaches and discomfort reported by the subjects "is that the symptoms are due to negative expectations." Cephalalgia
Under the Constitution, the Governor, who is appointed for four years by the British monarch, is responsible for external affairs, defence, internal security and public service.
It was reported that in the beginning of August 1999, he had spoken about the investigation in an interview on a national TV show.
Mr. Ivo Sanader, Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia, was escorted to the rostrum.
It must be some degenerate species, said he; I do not know it, and it is not mentioned in any system.
[b][u]Useful Words and Phrases[/u][/b] currency, money money changing an exchange form bank note note of large denomination note of small denomination small change subsidiary money nickel piece plastic currency notes convertible mone
REFCO support has led to arrests, seizures and convictions in 12 organized crime cases, as illustrated by the following examples:
(d) Possible revisions to the UNCITRAL Model Law on Procurement of Goods, Construction and Services - Guide to Enactment text addressing the use of framework agreements in public procurement (A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.63); and
Note by the Secretary-General
The Special Rapporteur stresses that the Wall incorporating Palestinian neighbourhoods in East Jerusalem into Israel is no different from the Wall in other parts of the West Bank which incorporates Palestinian land into Israel.
a The terms "translators" and "revisers" in this section include, as appropriate, précis writers, verbatim reporters and editors of Official Records and publications.
The resultant report, On Behalf of Aging, was produced for the second session (1994) of the Preparatory Committee for the World Summit for Social Development.
47. Mr. Badji (Senegal) said that his delegation condemned both terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and any attempt to associate it with a specific religion, culture, race or ethnic group.
Furthermore, the degree of collagen damage in the residual thermal zone was evaluated by quantitative analysis of second harmonic generation signals.
Women lack knowledge of many of their rights, as reflected in their failure to exercise many rights, including political, economic, cultural and intellectual rights.
if i give you that, then i need something in return.
(a) Composition of the Secretariat: staff demographics (A/68/356);
Eight years after our leaders adopted the Millennium Declaration, we share the concern expressed by the Secretary-General that, although significant gains have been recorded towards the global goal of halving extreme poverty by 2015, many countries will not be able to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Cooperation and assistance;
I continue to be seriously concerned that, despite donor generosity to date, AMIS is not receiving the support, particularly the cash funding, required for it to carry out its mandate effectively.
Say you are busy, act busy like you have a lot of things to do, lots of errands to run, working late or different extra hours, come home extra late, or or running late or whatever.
The additional information provided by the Secretariat had satisfied the Advisory Committee's concern.
Kepler-33
Section VIII of article 10 of that Act also grants the Central Bank the power to exercise oversight over financial institutions.
and reports of the Board of Auditors
11. Governments continue to recognize the importance of family as the basic unit of society, and the crucially important role families have in promoting and maintaining social and economic well-being.
The activities being undertaken recognize that agribusiness has a key role to play in the process of economic development.
Enact family support mechanisms so that families do not suffer financially when girls go to school.
(a) Collaborate with existing initiatives on biodiversity and ecosystem services ... to fill gaps and build upon their work while avoiding duplication;
s Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
The article analyses the seawater transport model of the modulated-pulse LIDAR signal, and the frequency characteristic of the seawater backscattering signal and target reflecting signal are studied.
As mentioned, poorer diabetes control and more frequent ER visits were both associated with depressed mood.
Greece
Minister of Land, Water and Environment
- Mechanization equipment;
English: It's interfered with my ability to study.
And policy uncertainty in the United States is nothing compared to the UK, where businesses face the twin disruptions of Brexit and (potentially) a Labour government led by the far-left Jeremy Corbyn.
The State party should increase the supervision and monitoring established in places of detention, in particular by allowing national NGOs access to such places.
It also mediated between the Serbian Orthodox Church and local officials, as necessary.
So long as that way is hidden it is clear that there is no need of action, and that He accounts Himself responsible for all the results of keeping thee where thou art.
The present report on regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights has been prepared in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/79 of 25 April 2001, and contains information on the action taken pursuant to that resolution.
9. Recalls the establishment by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Trust Fund for Electoral Assistance, and, bearing in mind that the Fund is currently close to depletion, calls upon Member States to consider contributing to the Fund;
In ur life, there will at least one time that u forget yourself for someone, asking for no result, no company, no ownership nor love.
In 2004, a total of 114 individuals from 60 different Parties served as inventory experts on review teams.
At the same time, the substantial increase in the number of legal fields and regimes had resulted in a fragmentation of international law.
Where the shares of developing countries in the export of processed products have increased, this can often be attributed to a large surge in the exports of a few countries or territories in selected products.
The Cooperation Agreement had two main elements.
He briskly defends dropping atom bombs on Japan; after Okinawa, the price of a conventional assault looked particularly hideous.
The slices of reality that are to be learned, whether they are the alphabet or an understanding of the workings of government, have usually been limited by the boundaries of the subject being taught.
4. At the 2005 United Nations Summit held in New York, world leaders committed to address causes of desertification and land degradation, as well as poverty resulting from land degradation, in the process of the implementation of the Convention, including mobilizing adequate and predictable financial resources.
Article 45 In case the installation of electrical appliances and gas utensils or the laying of circuits and pipelines do not conform to the rules of fire control technology, the person in charge shall be ordered to make corrections within a time limit; those who do not make the corrections within the time limit, shall be ordered to stop the use.
I am suddenly boring with the job. So I dismissed..
(i) The rural community can now power their water pumps for rural water schemes for the provision of clean water and irrigation for small-scale farming.
72. The Commission should initiate and facilitate, in accordance with the needs, a permanent national round table on human rights in Belarus.
In order to avoid violence by male inmates against female inmates and to provide women with some level of privacy, most States detain men and women separately either in the same prison or in separate facilities altogether.
Lastly, it ascertained whether the provisional line would lead to any marked disproportion between the lengths of the parties' respective coasts and the maritime areas apportioned to them.
According to the State party's report, the proportion of women holding top management positions at the senior civil service level was only 27.5 per cent.
His mentor declared that what John needed was to obtain some poetic distance, and advised him to leave his wife.
It also co-ordinates the work of all other major education-related advisory bodies on the planning and development of education at all levels .
Type 1 heavy machine gun
85. With protection needs now far exceeding the capacity of any one actor, ICRC welcomed the recent enhancement of response efforts.
Contents
The Special Committee stresses the importance of the African Union's lead and ownership of its 10-year capacity-building plan including donor coordination.
 Some consider it an appropriate response to easing the burden of developing countries which are faced with negative resource transfers, external debt and widespread poverty.
The most liberal Jews; Jews who do not follow the Talmud strictly but try to adapt all of the historical forms of Judaism to the modern world.
The next step in the "City we need" process towards Habitat III will take place at the Urban Thinkers Campus in Caserta, Italy, in October 2014.
1. Takes note of the UNICEF report on internal audit activities in 2007 (E/ICEF/2008/AB/L.7);
(xiv) May obtain loans or any similar types of advances provided for by law. The legislation governing the granting of bank loans and mortgages does not discriminate in any way;
It was known that ochre rock with red or yellow pigments was used for paint even that far back in history.
This is the second annual report of the Secretary-General on strengthening and coordinating United Nations rule of law activities, an ongoing and critical process for the Organization.
Grey board or unlined chipboard are the normal boards used for case - making.
How does the Superintendence of Banks ensure that the entities under its control have effectively put in place appropriate and adequate mechanisms designed to prevent their operations from being utilized in any way to conceal, manage, invest or use money or other assets derived from criminal activities; or to give the appearance of legality to criminal activities or to transactions and funds related to such activities?
(iv) Booklets, fact sheets, wall charts, information kits: publications linked to the implementation of the strategic approach to international chemicals management, to be adopted by the ninth special session of the UNEP Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum (1); technical and policy guidance materials to assist countries in implementing specific obligations under, e.g. the Stockholm and Rotterdam Conventions (3); bi-annual UNEP newsletter on finance initiative covering finance and sustainable development issues (4); communications to promote and report on activities of the Division, outreach to industry, including annual activity reports (2); environmental, social, economic and financial indicators and guidelines for reporting at the sectoral level on key issues developed and promoted with the Global Reporting Initiative and other partners (2); publications and programmes for use in the training and capacity-building of companies, industry associations and other organizations (including United Nations agencies) in the preparation of sustainability reports based on the framework of the Global Reporting Initiative (2); quarterly Information Bulletin reflecting the current and planned economics and trade-related activities (8); technical papers on climate risk assessment methodologies with special focus on project financing and asset management (4); technical papers on environmental fiscal reform in Africa, Asia and the Pacific and Latin America for designing and implementing environmental fiscal reforms (3); technical papers on trade-environment issues (e.g. capacity-building for enhancing synergies between multilateral environmental agreements and the World Trade Organization, eco-labelling, environmental goods and services) to promote understanding and dialogue between environment and trade policymakers and ensure that trade and environmental policies are mutually supportive (2); The SMART Entrepreneur publication for small and medium-sized enterprises in three United Nations languages, in print and accessible over the Internet, to promote the environmental and social responsibility of small and medium-sized enterprises (1); (Energy Unit) development of guidelines and best practice/policy documents related to sustainable mobility/transport through meetings of the UNEP Mobility Forum (2); (Energy Unit) development of guidelines and best practice/policy documents related to sustainability in the information and communications technology sector (2); (International Environmental Technology Centre) a tool set for the design and planning of industrial parks and eco-towns for the prevention of industrial environmental disasters (1); (International Environmental Technology Centre) decision-making tools and strategies for environmental risk assessment developed with advice from an expert group (1); (International Environmental Technology Centre) technical materials on electronic waste management and environmental risk assessment, developed with advice from an expert group (2); (International Environmental Technology Centre) technical publications on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable consumption and production (2); information materials to assist project implementation, including awareness-raising, public information and executive briefings on sustainable production and consumption issues and solutions to various target groups, including Governments, business, local communities and youth, and for other outreach campaigns by regional offices (15);
And they told unto all the people the king doth sit in the gate.
(g) Earmarked contributions
16 February 2011. The Swedish Police Service's Diplomatic Protection Service has reported that a person threw a stone at the Libyan Embassy, shattering a window unit in the entrance as well as a window in the office premises.
My assurances don't satisfy him: he's still sceptical.
The PRESIDENT (spoke in Spanish): The 1060th meeting of the Conference on Disarmament is resumed.
 That problem began at the time of the establishment of the United Nations and has since been affected by international trends.
Facilitator, Mr. Andre Siregar (Indonesia), under agenda item 54 (c) (International migration and development)
Mr. Ali worked at various retail stores and attended classes at a technical college.
87. Mr. Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic) said that document A/52/7/Add.9 concerning the United Nations International Partnership Trust Fund contained new information of the greatest interest to his delegation.
These persons are imprisoned in regular facilities.
3. The high-level policy segment of the fifty-eighth session of the Economic Commission for Europe (ECE) was devoted to discussions concerning both economic development and sustainable development in the ECE region.
Special procedures
I figure if I can tap into that rebel blood now, I can get Kevin on board for a China boycott.
This record shall be entered on the corresponding date in the death registration records, and shall indicate: the date, time and place of birth; the sex of the child; the family name and forenames given to the child; and the forenames and family names, occupations and domiciles of the father and mother, and their dates and places of birth to the extent that they are known.
( east by north  south by west  north by east  south by east We are sailing in the direction of east by north
Korea Barnstar
(a) All States and other parties to armed conflict to respect fully international humanitarian law and, in this regard, calls upon States parties to respect fully the provisions of the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 and the Additional Protocols thereto of 1977;
 All of the assumptions used in the valuation were those adopted by the Pension Board at its forty-fifth session, based on the recommendations of the Committee of Actuaries, which are presented in the report of the Pension Board to the forty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
The earliest achievements on the ground show that the peace process is an irreversible reality.
Read specifications and guidelines about express box mailers used for a variety of shipments.
The Centre also arranged three exclusive interviews for Committee members with Egyptian newspapers.
In writing you may have discovered what you are really afraid of, and then you can objectively work on improving the situation.10.
When he died at the age of eighty, the Florentines gave him a state funeral and had a pictured with as dedicated to the memory of 'the most valiant soldier and most notable leader, Signor Giovanni Haukodue. ' New words and expressions gangstern.
(Programme 2 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)**
21. One indication of this new focus was the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms established in 1992, a voluntary register for international arms transfers.
At Last, I summarize all the paper, and indicate innovation and shortage.
Mary covered her face with her hands.
(d) United Nations/International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing Symposium on Education, to be held in late 1998 or early 1999;
That night the little songster was missing from its accustomed haunt, and the Dark Image knew more than ever the bitterness of loneliness.
As wages were usually restaurants' biggest outgoing he said 鈥渢he impact . . . of this change will be to raise costs for the average chain by up to 10 per cent鈥?
The Committee decided to extend the deadline for submission of draft resolutions under international security agenda items (items 68 and 70) from Thursday, 3 November until Monday, 7 November at 6 p.m.
     "Hong Kong's highly efficient public transport system which takes care of 89% of average daily trips made is also the envy of many cities."
382. According to article 2, paragraph 4, of Act No. 9/III/86, if a pregnancy is terminated in violation of the provisions of that law and the woman dies as a result or suffers serious physical or mental injury, the penalty shall be increased by a maximum of one third, because the person responsible should have foreseen that his or her behaviour might lead to such a result.
He also commends Gabon for its efforts to enhance regional cooperation on the issue.
The total relief food requirements from September to December 2005 are estimated at 143,483 metric tons.
In February 2005, the law on guarantees of the right of youth to work was adopted, according to which the use of child labour is prohibited.
Complete text: www.uc3m.es/cisg/sespan87.htm
With a Special Song Mix: Burn a few of your favorite love songs or songs to a CD that have a special meaning to you and your partner.
Simplified project design document for small-scale CDM project activities
:: Father had allegedly been violent to both mother and female child in past (but no relevant findings by courts)
This would require a genuine commitment of the Government of Israel to the two-State solution, buttressed by appreciable improvements in the situation on the ground, first and foremost by stopping all settlement activities.
 45. In order to assist in the formulation of more comprehensive trade promotion and export development programmes, ITC is increasingly utilizing its trust fund resources for cooperation at the country level such as cost-sharing for UNDP-funded programmes and projects.
Two members from Eastern European States;
37. At its 26th meeting, on 22 May 2009, the Committee considered sub-item 4 (a) of its agenda, entitled "Deferred quadrennial reports submitted by non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Council".
The rule requiring the exhaustion of domestic remedies reinforces the primacy of national remedies in this respect.
However, agricultural, fishery and hunting businesses (excluding judicial persons) with less than five workers and domestic services are not covered.
Permanent Observer of the State of Palestine to the United Nations
Why? I've got to teach him a lesson because he always tries to seduce my fiancee.
 Section II covers issues concerning the use of freshwater resources in relation to food and agricultural development and the activities of organizations of the United Nations system in that area.
19.51 Institutional development for official statistics will remain the first priority for ESCWA to enable member countries to produce quality statistics that will meet international standards and recommendations.
(a) Need for a code of ethics; importance of moral and spiritual dimensions of human beings and societies;
HRA's membership during the years 1997-2001 remained around 120.
v. Water supply for hospital facilities reverse osmosisb
The UNCT noted that despite this recommendation no such institution has been set up.
CEDAW and CRC expressed concern that the law provides for different ages of marriage for women and men - 16 years for women and 18 for men.
The Chinese Government has resumed the exercise of sovereignty over Macao.
Gorle
 It regards that as a grave precedent, a violation of international instruments and custom, blatant intervention in the internal affairs of States and a threat to their security and safety and, consequently, a threat to international peace and security.
Mortality and health
Statement of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights to the Third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (Seattle, 30 November to 3 December 1999)
(g) The provision of assistance to Members of the Forum to ensure that the dialogue among them is more fully focused and results-oriented;
Measures to account for transport
There was these two old guys ranched together down home, Earl and Rich -- Dad would pass a remark when he seen them
Now gold is in the batters'box and could remain there as much as another decade.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
47. In a report for April 1993 one of the implementing partners, CARE International, had mentioned that a census effort in a refugee camp in Kenya failed due to refugee resistance and a great threat of violence (by the refugees and parties interested in keeping feeding figures high).
Your kid burned down my club.
(d) To encourage reporting by victims of all forms of violence against women and girls;
The Implications for Biodiversity Conservation (Sayer)
Draft article 6, provisionally adopted by the Drafting Committee, affirms the core position of the principle of humanity in disaster response.
In addition, obliging individuals to disclose their religion or belief in official documents might increase their risk of being persecuted.
This is what is meant by speciesism.
States Parties highlighted the importance of pursuing initiatives in this area through effective cooperation and sustainable partnerships.
Particulars of presale consent and consent to assign issued in December 2006
Symposium participants therefore recommended that the ASEAN-Japan Commemorative Summit in December 2003 designate a Senior Officials' Meeting to study more systematically how these changes in the region's geopolitical environment impact ASEAN-Japan relations and to recommend proposals on how ASEAN and Japan can more effectively cooperate in order to meet these new geopolitical challenges.
Opening of the session
46. Policies that would facilitate labour-market adjustment to exogenous shocks and would create employment were essential in maximizing the beneficial effects of trade, as trade openness had increased workers' vulnerability and insecurity by increasing labour-market exposure to external shocks.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding My Big Fat Greek Wedding d better get married soon, you, you starting to look old!
In the rest of the night, we feel sleepy.
Floods will become more frequent in wet regions while dry regions will suffer droughts, says Mr Allan.
The roar of gunfire, the massed movements of uniformed men, the shrill o f bugles, and the drama of hand to hand combat have facinated students of warfare for a century.
The speed is the slowest.
Reaffirming also the general principles underlying the financing of United Nations peacekeeping operations, as stated in General Assembly resolutions 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, 3101 (XXVIII) of 11 December 1973 and 55/235 of 23 December 2000,
10. Expenditure generally increased more rapidly than revenue.
Table 45.
(a) Child victim and witness specialists to address the child's special needs;
The energy of non-ionizing radiation causes water molecules in the human body to rub against each other.This leads to an increase in body temperature and thus may bring damage to internal organs.
It was so decided.
The other side is a coalition of two parties supporting President Rabbani: Jamiat-i-Islami-e-Afghanistan and Ittehad-i-Islami-e-Afghanistan.
Concerned about the special economic problems confronting certain States arising from the carrying out of preventive or enforcement measures taken by the Security Council against other States, and taking into account the obligation of Members of the United Nations under Article 49 of the Charter of the United Nations to join in affording mutual assistance in carrying out the measures decided upon by the Security Council,
In the recommendations on the Millennium Development Goals, the Forum firmly indicated that a shift of the development paradigm is needed in order to integrate indigenous perspectives of development, although this may be challenging.
''  Sit down and take your hat off, Catherine,'' he answered
In that regard, the donor community is urged to support relevant United Nations agencies, programmes, funds and peacekeeping and political missions, as well as national Governments.
I have always felt so sorry that in that walk to Emmaus the disciples had not said to Jesus, "We still trust";
I refused to accept her invitation.
Jehoiada took two wives for him, and he became the father of sons and daughters
1. Decides to convene its fourth special session on disarmament in 1997, if possible, the exact date and agenda to be decided upon before the end of the current session of the General Assembly through consultations;
6. Institut international des sciences politiques
According to the author, the Belarus President had at that time developed a reputation for disregarding basic human rights, and in the month preceding the disappearance of Mr. Krasovsky, former Minister of Interior Yuri Zakharenko had also disappeared.
(dd) Recommends that possible cost savings gained through these more efficient administrative arrangements be used to support implementation of the three conventions;
23. Also recognizes that the strengthening of the informal system may reduce recourse to the formal system, thereby avoiding unnecessary litigation;
The meeting’s agenda concentrated on the ongoing preparations for the MFA Council meeting due on 15 May 2006 and the Heads of State Council meeting due in Shanghai on 15 June 2006.
IPSAS expense of $3.5 million was incurred in the biennium 2010-2011 (2008-2009: $0.8 million).
The first thing you will do is to look for a comfortable hotel
In paragraph 5 of decision SC-5/9, the parties requested the Secretariat to make a number of documents relating to the newly listed persistent organic pollutants prepared by the Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee1 available to the appropriate bodies of the Basel Convention to support their work.
Full reported expenditure amounted to $49,660,000, including $3,670,000 in voluntary contributions.
Enhanced efforts in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy are conducive to a comprehensive realization of all the objectives of the NPT and will be helpful in promoting nuclear disarmament and preventing nuclear weapons proliferation.
The mandate for facilitating electronic networking among small island developing States, under the rubric SIDSNET, will, after much delay, shortly be fulfilled.
 The Fatah responded to this positively, stopped all actions against the occupying authorities and devoted their work to security inside Gaza, to protect the security of the citizens.
UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION
17 March 2000
Deputy Permanent Representative of Germany to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, The Hague
In 2003, some cases were taken up involving the perpetration of individual crimes envisaged in article 290, part 2, of the Criminal Code ("Threat to commit an act of terrorism") and article 291, parts 2 and 3, of the Criminal Code ("Hostage-taking").
The Forum recommends elaborations of strategies and action plans for communications/awareness-raising related to the promotion of the Second International Decade.
(ii) Training;
international departure
The group also pledged to invest $1 billion for business opportunities that assist in reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Avoid 'enriched flour' products
(f) The situation of non-governmental organizations and other women's associations and their participation in the elaboration and implementation of plans and programmes of the public authorities.
In its declaration, North Korea will state how much plutonium it possesses.
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 0030 hours, drove them off.
Let me do the dishes after dinne
(i) Entry into force of amendments in 2001
Do not bare too much, but give the impression that a good enough imagination.
Figure I
The new findings came as part of his continuing research on the subject, and were presented at the 236th annual meeting of the American Chemical Society on Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
An integrated region-wide capital market had huge potential and would be of a size comparable to the capital markets of developed countries.
Colgate University alumni
It was easy to   keep her secret, for no name appeared with her stories.
He entered without knocking at the door. Knock at the door knock on the door :
9. Upon enquiry as to the justification for the 23 positions requested for Headquarters, the Advisory Committee was informed that MINUSMA is currently supported by all relevant areas in the Departments of Field Support, Management and Peacekeeping Operations, and that this approach cannot be sustained without an impact on support to other missions.
:: Management: additional inputs and outputs
Member States also need the time and resources to engage with the results of independent system-wide evaluation;
High on the agenda was the status of satellite research and monitoring with a view to addressing scientists' concerns that there would be serious gaps in satellite monitoring when the existing generation of satellites and instruments came to an end in the near future.
Routine military operations throughout East Timor
Midday: Head back into town and duck into the warmth of Caf é Russia 1914.
They are disputing the rights and wrongs of the case .
LDC, LLDC
m The Human Rights Council, in its resolution 17/4, decided that the Forum should be open to the participation of States, United Nations mechanisms, bodies and specialized agencies, funds and programmes, intergovernmental organizations, regional organizations and mechanisms in the field of human rights, national human rights institutions and other relevant bodies, transnational corporations and other business enterprises, business associations, labour unions, academics and experts in the field of business and human rights, representatives of indigenous peoples and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council.
The aliens' authorities realized that awareness of those provisions was vital, so they had produced a pamphlet on the subject which was available to the Committee in English.
All Europeans should be afforded the opportunity to participate in the European project and benefit from its transformative potential.
The State party recalls that pursuant to its obligations under this article, it enacted Part II A of the Racial Discrimination Act, including section 18 C, under which the petitioner filed his claim.
The core function of the Office is thus to develop and maintain the important strategic and operational frameworks, including in the areas of guidance development, operational support, training and partnerships, to facilitate synergy, efficiency and effectiveness when working to strengthen security and the rule of law in the context of peacekeeping and peacebuilding.
Excuse me for calling at such an hour, but Iwonder if tomorrow's appointment with your General Manager could be put off.
Unirradiated fissile material produced after the Treaty's entry-into-force. (see para. 11)
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representatives of Australia, Cambodia, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Malawi, Pakistan, Peru, Spain, Turkey and Ukraine, at their request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
Note 1
Agenda items 94 and 101
You're going through menopause already?
An inter-ministerial committee issues opinions on initiatives evaluated for funding under these mechanisms.
FCCC/KP/CMP/2008/CRP.1
The report further concludes that among the reasons for slow achievement are an insufficient degree of mainstreaming of the MDGs in policies being pursued, weak coordination among Government institutions and limited involvement of local government and civil society in policy implementation and monitoring.
2. Culture of peace [24]
Original: English
Sharp expects its Aquos-branded mobile phones, which are sold with television-quality liquid-crystal-display screens, to do better because it has an established TV-set brand in China by the same name.
Then, support vector machine is selected to classify aiming at clinical ECG data. Finally, classifications combination approach is analyzed.
(Agenda item 5)
4. It is the understanding of the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division that any convention or other legally binding international instrument would focus on the specific issue of illegal trafficking in children, regardless of the reasons for such trafficking.
 The Security Council then proceeded to vote on draft resolution S/1994/700 and adopted it unanimously as resolution 926 (1994) (for the full text, see S/RES/926 (1994); to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Forty-ninth Year, Resolutions and decisions of the Security Council, 1994).
The weapons imbalance was a main factor underlying the "ethnic cleansing" of non-Serbs.
Smiling tentatively at him , she said. Good afternoon, Deputy.
"Anyone can get a mortgage loan in China, no matter who they are," Mr Yi told the Financial Times.
17. Report of the Mother and Child Association, 2010
Westerners see themselves as individual and, therefore, value personal space and choice.
I regret to tell you that I cannot come.
Dec. 2009 value of $2.5 million used as baseline.
Treaties of the Korean Empire
4-13 February 2004
I should like the reader to be very clear about this.
i think it ' s about time for me to leave . here is my resignation.
27 June 2004
The Board considered a draft decision submitted by the President (IDB.18/L.10) and adopted decision IDB.18/Dec.12 (see annex I).
27. United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Guinea-Bissau
The man's fortune will be equally divided for his four children.
(c) Facilitating cooperation in research and access to scientific and technical knowledge; and
Elaine Jin
For example, we elevate the living standards blindly, but lower the quality of life.28.
(a) Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
Sing that piece again for me."  "No," said the bird, "I do not sing twice for nothing.
However newly created queue managers are not configured to use a dead letter queue.
It notes the insufficient level of contributions to the 1999 United Nations Consolidated Inter-Agency Appeal for Angola and reiterates its appeal to the donor community to contribute generously, financially and in kind, to the humanitarian appeal to enable the agencies to address effectively the plight of the internally displaced persons.
Persons having customary civil status are subject to custom solely and exclusively in respect of civil law (inter alia, civil-status matters; their surname, first name, decent; succession; and termination of marriage).
Article 114 The chairman of an autonomous region, the prefect of an autonomous prefecture or the head of an autonomous county shall be a citizen of the nationality exercising regional autonomy in the area concerned.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/59/503/Add.2)]
The thrice married Young had a high - profile romance with Spencer Tracy.
It is proposed to establish one P-5 post of Chief of the Joint Mission Analysis Centre. This would respond to the urgent requirement to enhance the Mission's information gathering and analysis, particularly in the area of security, following the kidnapping of non-governmental organization (NGO) personnel in October 2011, as well as the crisis in Mali.
The Commission will have before it the report of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Institute for Statistics on education statistics.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact, in writing, Ms. Lorna Fidler, (e-mail fidler@un.org) and Ms. Maria Isabel Alejandrino (e-mail alejandrino@un.org) (fax 1 (212) 963-5935), indicating the full name and title of the speaker.
(a) Under item 9:
From his briefing, I can see that the discussions in question were themselves substantive in nature and involved a large volume of information.
Wichi Indigenous communities in the North-East of Salta Province
9. Other panellists emphasized the synergies and advantages that resulted from a regional approach, where, in particular, small tourism markets benefited from cross-border tourism flows.
There was an imbalance in the region caused by the fact that Israel was the only State to possess a nuclear arsenal that was not under the control of the Non-Proliferation Treaty and was not subject to IAEA safeguards, constituting a factor for instability and a source of terror in the region.
Salween River
To this aim, Ukraine will continue to endeavour to complete the legal formalisation of the state border along its entire perimeter.
That was tough, but after a relatively short time I stopped doing so.
Article 14: The donor of a public welfare project can leave his or her name on the project as a remembrance.In the case that a donor is a sole donor or a principal donor of a public welfare project, the donor can suggest the name of the project and submit the suggestion to the people's governments at and above the county level for approval.
75. The Working Group transmitted six newly reported cases, five of which occurred in 1999, to the Government.
23. Fourth International Cartoon Exhibition: "Twenty-first century humanity in nature", UNEP/Kyoto Seiko International Cartoon Congress
After a team defines goals for a current iteration, the first step is often to analyze their requirements and document them in use cases.
Chair:
Primary education remains local and this is unlikely to change.
Ten of them (Aargau, Appenzel Rhodes-Intérieures, Geneva, Grisons, Lucerne, St. Gallen, Schaffhausen, Schwyz, Uri, Zug) ) also provide family allowances for self-employed persons; five cantons (Fribourg, Geneva, Jura, Schaffhausen, Valais) also pay family allowances to persons who are not gainfully employed.
The proportion of country offices with a country programme that have implemented at least 75 per cent of their field visit monitoring plans increased from 61 per cent in 2004 to 69 per cent in 2005.
 How did this happen  s bugging you
Peritoneal and retroperitoneal tuberculosis with chyloperitoneum: case report
To change out of one's pajamas just to walk across the road to the market would be too troublesome and unnecessary.
Agenda item 136: Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (continued) (A/52/772 and Add.2 and A/52/860/Add.8)
Singapore's GDP contracted 4.2 per cent year over year in fiscal year 2008 and rose 4.0 per cent in fiscal year 2009 as the global economic recovery led to a surge in non-oil domestic exports.
I''m not artistically-minded.80.
The information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes and, to the extent possible, the original texts have not been altered.
Tobacco Monopoly Bureau
This article explained how to leverage a reference architecture that can lead to good separation of concerns when building service oriented solutions.
In the latest series of tragic incidents involving the humanitarian personnel, on 14 November 1998, one WFP worker was shot in Kuito (Bié Province) by some unidentified armed elements.
The author argues that she has not waived her rights to establish the truth of how her son died and to hold the perpetrators accountable.
INELUCTABLE MODALITY OF THE VISIBLE: AT LEAST THAT IF NO MORE , thought through my eyes.
 The issue of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons has been a subject of extensive deliberations at the Conference on Disarmament.
The insertion of the needle under the skin made him wince.
(a) The need to charter ships to alleviate the problems of passenger traffic to and from the country has cost an estimated $36 million;
51. In the biennium 2000-2001, there were increases in funding to the UNV Special Voluntary Fund and for the fully funded, United Nations joint venture and cost-sharing modalities, and a slight reduction in contributions to sub-trust funds.
There was a need to review current science, technology and innovation systems to ensure that they made the adoption and dissemination of renewable energy and energy efficiency possible for all countries.
Being monolingual in a globalised world is definitely a disadvantage. Please discuss it.
The workers had no jobs, and this meant the shops had no business.
III. Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council
El Prado, Veraguas
Still, our precious yet scarce resources are consistently being diverted towards the procurement, research and development of ever-more sophisticated weapons systems.
"Recalling all its previous resolutions on this topic, and in particular its resolution 54/149, in which it strongly supported the work of the Open-ended intersessional working group of the Commission on Human Rights on a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on involvement of children in armed conflict and the Open-ended inter-sessional working group of the Commission on a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography and urged them to finalize their work before the tenth anniversary of the entry into force of the Convention,
A coordination cell had been established by BINUCA with the participation of France, the United States of America, the African Union and the Government in order to share information and strategies.
Next, you see that "deptno" has been annotated with an @Id annotation, signifying that it is the primary key attribute.
Each player has his or her own part to perform.These parts can be played on their own but do not have the same effect as when they are combined with the other parts of the orchestra.
All this exerts a subtle influence on Dickens.
2000-2001: 320 women
Typically, the weaker partner, usually a developing country, is forced to bear a heavier burden of the "costs" of volatility.
International terrorism, in all its manifestations and forms, represents a very dangerous challenge to our international Organization and to the international community at large. It deserves our condemnation which must be resolute, categorical and unequivocal.
To the extent that offences related to the criminal misuse and falsification of identity were serious crimes under domestic legislation and were aligned with the requirements of the Organized Crime Convention, the provisions of that Convention were also applicable to those offences.
Are they involved in the decision-making process in any way?
I shall ask permission of my husband for you to be `Monsieur Jean. ' I hope that he will not consent to it.
Mr. Ion Datcu
Decision -/CP.7. Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase 48
(iii) The Pi 2 amplitudes tended to become larger as the ambient total field intensity at the stations became lower;
:: To influence development organizations and Governments involved in designing and implementing poverty reduction strategies to embrace the fundamental principles and rights at work, employment policies and social protection, and listen to the voices of the social partners.
Secretariat Press Teams are also set up to provide professional PR support to the bureaux .
Examples include restrictions on registering a business, travelling outside of a country, owning land and other productive assets, opening a bank account, inheriting family property and taking a job without a husband's permission.
Malaysia and Thailand are competing to become the region’s main car manufacturing centre.
Another hoped-for benefit was that capital gains could be converted into home equity loans, boosting homeowners’ living standards.
We have also adopted a series of trade facilitation measures in customs clearance, inspection and quarantine designed to cut down cost for businesses.
12 August: in the commune of Goma, the ESCO Congo offices were robbed by soldiers based in the town.
National surveys and selected studies conducted in Botswana indicate that NCDs and their risk factors are prevalent -- specifically, tobacco use, alcohol use and unhealthy diets.
In accordance with the reasons stated at paragraph above, the Panel therefore recommends no award of compensation.
73. The ILO Committee of Experts emphasized that governments had the obligation to consult the peoples covered by ILO Convention Nº 169 whenever consideration was being given to measures which may affect them directly, with the objective of achieving agreement or consent to the proposed measures.
Reports are to be submitted within one year after the entry into force of the Convention for the State concerned and thereafter at least every four years and further, whenever the Committee requests.
We are one the most professional Crochet apparel and garments accessories suppliers in Chaoshan area.
In response, angry voters are turning to populist politicians.
Mali therefore urged public and private development assistance entities to develop a culture of cooperation that better reflected the new demands of development, which were spelled out in the programmes of action adopted at major United Nations international conferences.
In the lead-up to the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20), held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in June 2012, the two organizations worked together closely on advocacy to promote the sustainable urban development agenda and in the organization of events on that topic.
However, because of leave requirements, on-site investigators had less available time to devote to investigations than their counterparts in regional centres.
The end result should be much greater transparency, objectivity and fairness in the UNHCR's personnel practices.
A special problem is providing health protection to the third-age population if they are returnees, bearing in mind that the health protection system is not fully defined between the Entities.
I'm sticking to pills and enemas.
To predict water gushing is one of the principal problems faced in the surveying and designing extra long tunnels.
The first involves identification of future technological trends and their potential impact on human activity.
We men fight and we respect the fair sex.
Some delegations expressed concern that no representative of the private security industry had been invited to participate as an expert, and regretted the absence of such a key stakeholder from the session.
31. Regarding ODA, donors have increasingly accepted the need to reverse the decline in flows, reflecting a renewed confidence that ODA can be an effective use of public monies and that the development imperative warrants additional donor expenditure, in particular through multilateral channels.
Abraham Lincoln abolished slavery in the United States.
time to think about it.If you don't get an offer, be sure to immediately send a brief thank you note to every person you spoke with
The Advisory Committee reiterates its position that the continuing requirement for long-vacant posts should be reviewed on an ongoing basis and, in particular, before requests for new posts are made to the General Assembly.
Budget for the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur for the period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013
It is intended to extend that time-limit until one day before the call-up order is received, in the context of the 1996 Amendment to the Civilian Service Act that is currently under preparation and will take effect as of 1 January 1997.
Instances of witness intimidation continue to hamper the proper functioning of the justice system.
Consequently it would be essential to share information, harmonize legislation and increase vigilance with regard to organized crime and its economic ramifications.
This present agreement is made in duplicate , and each party hold one piece.
There's not going to be an autopsy.
29. Knowledge sharing will be a core component of the intercountry programme.
Since the inauguration of the new Government in December 2006, we have already opened 5,000 childcare centres that serve 100,000 boys and girls.
It reduces risks by means of automated testing.
WFP will establish SCOpe as a comprehensive tool for managing operations that use immediate cash, cash accounts, paper vouchers and electronic vouchers.
I have seen the fresh shoots of democracy growing in the villages of your heartland.
They want jobs and the dignity and salaries that go with them.
To assist traffic police in catching violators, the Force is equipping 15 motorcycles with video systems and has installed a further five in-car systems to its patrol car fleet.
To gain a tactical advantage over ( a competitor, for example ).
Whom must we blame for this situation? I request a feedback from the readers.
24. The centralization of warehousing activities started with the transfer of the engineering stores and staff to the Supply Section during the 2011/12 period and is proposed to be continued in the 2012/13 period with the transfer of the transport and campus support stores and personnel to the Central Warehousing and Distribution Section.
29C. Office of Human Resources Management
17. Expresses its serious concern at reports of illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, including in violation of the sovereignty of that country, calls for an end to such activities, expresses its intention to consider the matter further, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Council within 90 days on ways to achieve this goal;
But for Africa, the share even rose slightly, from 21 to 23 per cent.
They found that the number of immature skeletons increased by 37 percent over a 600-to-800 year period that coincides with the adoption of farming in North America about 2,500 years ago.
 It is with great concern that the world has witnessed men, women and children being massacred in that region in the name of ethnicity and religion.
(vii) Sentence must not have been passed on him in respect of any crime against State security that is mentioned in the Omani Penal Code.
The fact that she was not wearing any underwear when she died indicates that she was most likely subjected to sexual violence, possibly rape, before her death.
(i) "in the context of the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacitybuilding, and taking into account the Strategic Approach to International Chemicals Management, to initiate joint collaboration to promote the effective implementation of the decisions of the Conferences of the Parties to the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm Conventions and their work programmes in the area of technology transfer and capacitybuilding";
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing,
They just can not cash in on their opponents'lack of form.
1. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the analysis of the funding of operational activities for development of the United Nations system for 2008, and recalls the section of General Assembly resolution 64/289 on improving the funding system of operational activities for development of the United Nations system, and looks forward to its implementation;
33. Changing traditional mindsets was important in Armenian policy-making in order to meet the demands of modernity and comply with international treaties bearing in mind that there were areas in which financial cuts should not be made such as improvement in women's health.
(d) Contractual security services ($601,400).
:: Information exchange
In the circumstances, the author's extended confinement to an isolated cell without any possibility of communication, combined with his exposure to artificial light for prolonged periods and the removal of his clothes and blanket, was not commensurate with his status as a juvenile person in a particularly vulnerable position because of his disability and his status as an Aboriginal.
It had also continued its informal cooperation with the Special Committee; in that context a visit had been made to Bermuda with a view to consider progress towards that Territory's delisting.
I have the pleasure and the honour to invite Dr. Dipu Moni, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bangladesh, to take the floor.
鈥矷 don锛噒 understand.鈥?said George.鈥砏hatgame锛熲€?
It was told that the chlorine plant had suspended operations in August 2002 owing to a shortage of spare parts.
It'seemed extremely odd that he had had anything to do with Jewish matters.
They should also seek to enhance the capacity of States to make a strong and lasting contribution to the Process.
That notwithstanding, UNOPS will continue in its efforts to broaden the base of participation in its procurement activities.
Operative paragraph 8. (c) To renew and fulfill their commitment to multilateral cooperation, in particular within the framework of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention, as important means of pursuing and achieving their common objectives in the area of non-proliferation and of promoting international cooperation for peaceful purposes;
C. Utility
8. At its 82nd meeting, on 1 April 1998, the Committee considered the issue of an alleged violation on 29 March 1998 in which a Libyan-registered aircraft, transporting Libyan pilgrims to the Haj, performed an unauthorized flight to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
-- Help desk for general information and language support
Decides that for the purposes of this agreement, the global warming potentials used to calculate the carbon dioxide equivalence of anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks of greenhouse gases listed in Annex A to the Kyoto Protocol shall be those provided by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in its Fourth Assessment Report based on the effects of the greenhouse gases over a 100-year time horizon.
The employer is required to pay on behalf of each employee 7.5 per cent of the employee's gross wages.
Those human rights violations stemmed from the non-implementation of the right to self-determination of the people of Western Sahara, as had been confirmed by the Office of the High Commissioner in the past.
Since 1999, the Security Council has repeatedly signalled its engagement on the issue of children and armed conflict.
Questions deferred for future consideration
 However, its behaviour towards Rwanda shows clearly that it is trampling on the spirit and the letter of those principles and is creating a situation that, in the terms of Article 39 of the Charter, constitutes "a breach of the peace and an act of aggression".
The report will be presented by Ms. Sakiko Fukuda-Parr, Director, Human Development Report Office, UNDP, and Ms. Eveline Herfkens, Executive Coordinator for the Millennium Development Goals Campaign.
I would like to take this opportunity to express, on behalf of all the delegations to the Conference on Disarmament, our deep sorrow and sympathy at the tragic loss of so many lives.
The Group has also received some information about the presence of Burundian trafficking networks that are linked to FDLR.
I want to buy it, but I was short of money
They are high school band with a flamethrower until they burn to death in Postal.
Some types of cancer are curable.
(a) Three positions (1 P-4, 1 P-3 and 1 Field Service) continue to be deployed to the UNAMA Support Office in Kuwait, included in table 9;
If a high degree of contingency were to be built into the budget on an ongoing basis, then efficient and cost-effective management could be undermined.
Maintenance of the roster of independent experts and creation, as necessary, of ad hoc panels of experts
The Italian Government believes that it is necessary to make a change of pace in matching job demand and job offer, to develop pro-active policies and support women's employment, with care to consider differences in age and territory, by enhancing institutional and civil society structures and by the re-organisation, rationalization and coordination of the various institutional levels, both regional and provincial.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to include in his report to the General Assembly at its sixty-ninth session, under the sub-item entitled "International Strategy for Disaster Reduction", a section on the implementation of the present resolution.
The present status of traditional metallic materials was discussed it is considered that the metallic materials are the most important structural materials and functional materials.
What would the levelling of this hall be
Where my Zetas at? where my Zetas at?
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
We had a lot of fun and did a lot of good. We ended up with the nickname The Arc Angels.
Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, and in accordance with the note by the President dated 31 December 2008 (S/2008/847), the Secretary-General is submitting the following summary statement.
Promoting the sharing of expertise in and knowledge on forensic drug profiling
7.2 The author further submits that a request for a supervisory review, as proposed by the State party, does not constitute an effective domestic remedy to be pursued by the author.
NGC 643
polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis in sodium dodecyl sulfate
 24. Expenditure for higher-income countries from regional funds in 1992-1993 amounted to $1.4 million out of an approved amount of $2.6 million.
Russian submarine Kursk
This problem is a real monkey on my back.
 4. Decides that the Preparatory Committee shall hold two sessions of one week each at United Nations Headquarters in New York in 1995 and 1996;
171. The Commission, after consideration of the text of the draft model provisions as revised by the drafting group, adopted the following decision at its 768th meeting, on 7 July 2003:
Some first attempts may appear to be an accident.
36. The Executive Board may wish to:
15. The presentation further elaborated on the number of submissions and on various scenarios of the pace of their consideration.
Moreover, it was also informed that the complex is currently used as a warehouse.
Adoption The Committee welcomes the new adoption law, i.e. Decree Law No. 31/2003, which seeks to bring the adoption regime further into conformity with the Convention, training programmes for prospective adoptive candidates as well as the establishment of the Permanent Adoption Observatory.
I. Provisional agenda
These principles state that:
They have taught us many lessons.
The Meeting also noted that the General Assembly, in its resolution 50/27 of 7 November 1995, had endorsed the recommendation of the Committee that those centres should be established on the basis of affiliation to the United Nations as early as possible.
Since these might serve as the basis for an eventual legally binding instrument, it is possible that the thrust of the forest instrument might be incorporated into a future regional convention.
(a) Helping to build federal and state institutions that function with accountability and inclusion;
He repudiated his first wife and married her sister.
Departments where major ports are located and those along the country's frontiers reported the highest notification rates among specific groups exhibiting high-risk behaviour. In some parts of the country, however, relatively high rates have been reported among the general population, including pregnant women and housewives, although the numbers do not exceed 1 per cent of those groups.
I mean, you're out in the Atlantic Ocean and one of those lures could tear your eyes out, so you have to be so careful.
What's more, China's economy is still growing at a healthy clip.
Lagarde, Gers
4. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit the replies of Member States pursuant to paragraph 3 above to the Preparatory Committee and to render it all necessary assistance, including the provision of essential background information, relevant documents and summary records;
Ms. Løj
The number of women among officials and senior civil servants increased from 20% in 2000 to 30.2% in 2009.
Their challenge was to continue to sustain financial growth levels that were at least proportional to the increased needs of UNICEF and to a level that offset the decrease in ODA.
Fundamental legal safeguards
Page
And then we also discourse the question that software-reusing techniques should be valued because the software standardization is not realized in China yet.
Reaffirming its resolution 66/180 of 19 December 2011, entitled "Strengthening crime prevention and criminal justice responses to protect cultural property, especially with regard to its trafficking",
In that regard, recent efforts led by HDRO to collect examples of HDR impact through the Ideas, Innovation, Impact publication and 2007 human development awards process are very timely.
C. Activities to counter money-laundering and the financing of terrorism
 All organizations, and not only commercial ones, are going to suffer.
Ltd. Exp. Super-Kamui No. 49
(d) The Frank País Hospital specializing in Orthopaedics and Traumatology reported that a query via the Anthrex company's website (www.Arthrex.com) resulted in a statement that all Anthrex companies in the United States and abroad have to request a special export license to conduct transactions with certain countries, including Cuba, a process that might take eight months.
Letter dated 5 April 2004 from the Permanent Representative of El Salvador to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a note dated 17 March 2004 from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of El Salvador concerning the launching of the Global Commission on International Migration (A/59/73)
Facing the truth really will set you free.
Firstly I assume you have already registered your domain name.
Assistant Insurance Officer (Long Term Business Division)A1
Adopt co-educational schooling in favour of equality and gender differentiation, which will do away with stereotypes and assigned roles for women and men, thereby avoiding male-dominated forms and contents;
It was some time before we could get a ship to our minds.
If my boyfriend asked me now, then I would still say 'yes', but I wouldn't waste my money for a high-profile wedding, Jenny Brown, an employee works in London's central financial district.
(g) Mentally or physically disabled;
:: Economic and social threats, including poverty, infectious disease and environmental degradation
That was the true reason for creating a Council that could strike a balance between the interests of a bipolar world and prevent a nuclear holocaust.
The programme is funded by the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade of Canada, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark, the Federal Foreign Office of Germany, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Norway and the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of Switzerland.
then runs yelling to the beach without a weapon?
15. A second development in the political process came with the announcement that the first and only President since independence in 1977, Hassan Gouled, would not run in the presidential elections at the end of his term.
She got so angry that she ran after them. She was soon out of breath, but she continued to run.
41. At the 2nd meeting, on 12 September 2011, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict, Radhika Coomaraswamy, presented her report (A/HRC/18/38).
Responsibility of an international organization member of another international organization
According to the family code of El Salvador, minors could enter into marriage from the age of 16 years with their parents' permission.
Report of the Secretary-General**
Figure 1 shows a high-level overview of the system.
Foster national efforts and strengthen regional and subregional efforts;
(Download user guide - PDF)
GATS-plus commitments have been made on telecommunications; the remaining restrictions include limitations on the number of providers, ownership limitations and economic needs tests.
Make desicions at the moment or The moment during difficult times that I wish someone would hold on to me. pray to GOD.
Taxonomy/Lacertinae
The report is under preparation, and information is being sought from Governments, competent United Nations bodies, specialized agencies, regional intergovernmental organizations and international humanitarian organizations.
A kind of reorganizable architecture for programmable encryption chip has been proposed in this paper.
Asst Curator II(Collection Mgt)2
(c) Develop, in consultation with key justice sector stakeholders and civil society organizations, a long-term strategy guiding the evolution and sustainability of legal aid;
Furthermore, in addressing substantive issues, I have constantly relied on Mr. Sergio Duarte, High Representative for Disarmament Affairs, drawing on his advice, knowledge and institutional memory with regard to the workings of the Committee.
Sixth, we must develop indicators and monitoring mechanisms within the United Nations in order to ensure that national development policies and strategies take natural limits into account at the national and international levels.
In 2008-2009, the United States has contributed funding to support human rights efforts, inter alia, through the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) ($130 million), the United Nations Democracy Fund ($7.9 million) and the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) ($4.5 million).
It was also noted that, in view of draft article 5 (j) which defined “location” for the purpose of draft articles 23 and 24 by reference to the place of incorporation, the Working Group would need to consider the question whether a single definition for the purposes of the draft Convention as a whole would be preferable.
In general, the retention rate of the former JPOs in different organizations varies from 30 to 80 per cent, and shows significant fluctuations from year to year, subject to the staff dynamics of the organizations.
 Better use should be made of the capabilities of the United Nations system, in particular those of UNDP and other agencies which had the expertise and means to promote the objectives of the mission and the human rights coordination mechanism.
There is only one shelter home available for immigrant women where it is possible to use the services anonymously on a 24-hour basis in case the customer is subject to particular threat.
D.2. Fordow
The present addendum provides an update on the status of the project since the issuance of the eleventh annual progress report in August 2013.
F. Police Complaints desk
Many professors encourage students to question and challenge their ideas.
Autonomous conflict-of-laws rules
BEIJING, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- At the foot of the 700-year-old Drum Tower in central Beijing, a rock music bar named Mao Live house is packed with so...
(10 points) Long before Man lived on the Earth, there were fishes, reptiles, birds, insects, and some mammals
Asymmetry in fiscal capacity to take measures to mitigate the crisis contributed to the variable pace of recovery.
31. In 2011 and 2012, UN-Women, through its support, contributed to eight countries increasing the number of women elected to office at the local and national levels.
1.2.2 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR
Financial support for this exercise will be provided by Canada and Sweden.
Nasalization
10. In the light of the long waiting lists for adoptions, the Committee urges the State party to establish a strong legal protection system against sale and trafficking of children in line with the Optional Protocol on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography in order to, inter alia, establish a secure system of adoption that respects the best interests of the child and with a view to eventually withdrawing its reservation.
As further issues are resolved, they may be added at the end of future editions of this Summary.
With the liberalization of policy and new technologies emerging, the telecommunications market competition is increasing.
I plan on sending you home tomorrow.
"(d) Promoting and strengthening national capacities for participatory, democratic and accountable processes and mechanisms that further the equalization of opportunities for the full and effective participation of persons with disabilities in civil, political, economic, social and cultural life;
By the end of the year, the first phase of the roll-out was complete.
In this context the State party submits that the specific facts particular to his case, including his age and lack of dependents, suggest that the nature and quality of his family relationships could be adequately maintained through correspondence, telephone calls and visits to Canada, which he would be at liberty to make pursuant to Canadian immigration laws.
As a social unit, the family has been undergoing radical transformations in its formation and structure in the past two decades, owing to demographic as well as major socio-economic changes.
These applications are free and under web on the Web.
The article introduces the fault structure in the Wajinwan coal mine, summarizes experience of excavating coal through the fault.
Mr. Smith is ill. Who will go there instead?
Other relevant legislations include Prevention of Unlawful Activities Act, Prevention of Disruptive Activities Act, Disturbed Areas Special Courts Act 1976, Terrorism Affected Areas (Special Courts) Act, 1984.) The POTO specifically aims to deal with all aspects of prevention of Terrorism.
The Forum expressed its appreciation to the secretariat for the technical and financial support it provided in the formulation of the Intergovernmental Agreement of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Member States on Facilitation of International Road Transport, and noted with satisfaction the expected signing of the agreement in November 2013.
It's an imposition to ask us to stay late at work.
The participants for this Regional Course have been selected from the following Members States of the Asia-Pacific Group: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Islamic Republic of Iran, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Qatar, Samoa, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Tonga, Tuvalu and Viet Nam.
For a current savings account, you can draw and deposit your money at any time.
He won't touch me.
In order to preserve the information collected and examined through the assessment of assessments process, an online database has been created by the UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Centre, known as the Global and Regional Assessments of the Marine Environment Database (GRAMED).
The disadvantage of this simple configuration is the limited bandwidth.
The Nigerian Government had launched a fund to empower rural women to take active part in economic activities. As part of the International Year of Microcredit activities, Nigeria intended to hold a conference on microcredit.
While accusing the Security Council of having illusions about the work of the Special Commission, he indicates that the Commission "has good reason to believe that there are significant numbers of proscribed weapons and related components ... unaccounted for in Iraq today".
The Secretary-General's recent report to the Security Council on the peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine (A/64/351) contains information that has caused grave concern.
It is possible that the presence of the cave there was the very reason they chose this spot.
Steps need to be taken in Fiji to improve access to land in a manner that equally respects the rights of all ethnic groups.
China
Abstracts on cases interpreting the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency also include keyword references.
U. Communication No. 696/1996; Peter Blaine v. Jamaica (Views adopted on 17 July 1997, sixtieth session) . 216
Activity in their brains was monitored by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
VI. Conclusions
1. At its thirteenth session, in 1980, the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) decided that it would consider, at each of its sessions, the status of conventions that were the outcome of work carried out by it.
Requests the Executive Director of UNFPA, in collaboration with the Administrator of UNDP and the Executive Director of UNIFEM, and in consultation with Member States, to explore options for reporting on results in a harmonized manner, each within its respective mandate, and report on this issue at the annual session 2004 of the Executive Board.
The commitments made at the candidature stage are binding for the candidate city if selected as host city.
A visa is mandatory for entry to the US.
Review of implementation
The foregoing measures came into force on 1 July 1998, in accordance with paragraph 2 of resolution 1176 (1998) of 24 June 1998.
Costa Rica requested the Court to determine the reparation which must be made by Nicaragua.
The basic focuses of this strategy also include the protection of women's rights as a dynamic factor of society, and increasing the participation of women in the various fields of national life.
" So they said: "If that's so, then you can sit among the soldiers.
74. Mr. Tan York Chor (Singapore) said that under the terms of rule 129 of the rules of procedure he was entitled to call for a vote on any part of a proposal, the case in point being parts of draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.22/Rev.1.
39. The Committee urges the State party to strengthen initiatives aimed at enhancing the economic empowerment of rural women and women heads of household and improving their access to health care and their enjoyment of equal opportunities in and access to the labour market.
60. Mr. Chowdhury (Bangladesh) said that the Convention on the Rights of the Child provided the tools needed to improve the rights of children throughout the world.
Missions welcome the opportunity for close interaction with the Office of Human Resources Management in preparing and implementing on-site monitoring.
(d) An internal justice system, from which staff members can seek redress for administrative actions;
Sixty-third session
Then, around 5 p.m. somebody reported having seen a chimpanzee.
26 April 1993
Paragraph 6.4
Composition of the family
Following a press conference about 50 journalists marched peacefully through the streets, their mouths covered with pieces of cloth, to protest against censorship.
Although we were in Paris, the greenery around us seemed to cut us off from the world, and only the rare sound of a passing carriage from time to time disturbed our conversation.
Printing and reproduction
96. Decree-Law 72/92/M regulates Civil Protection. Its rationale is to prevent potential collective risks arising from serious accidents, catastrophes or disasters, to limit their effects and to rescue persons in danger.
President Bush praised the work of Colombia's government to secure the safe release of the hostages.
11. For purposes of this presentation, it is assumed that most United Nations Development Programme offices are included in the relocation.
(e) Publication by the Office of Citizenship and Migration Affairs of a commentary to the Asylum Law, with a view to improving the quality of the asylum procedure, January 2010.
Given that the Mission has no political affairs presence in the region, a particular focus of this position would be monitoring and reporting on political developments in the departments and supporting the Government in maintaining dialogue with political parties, civil society and private sector representatives at the national and local levels.
to know something like the back of oneHe's lived in this city all his life. He knows it like the back of his hand.
12 December 1994
Commercial Information Circular No.251/02
Thursday, 2 November 2006, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room D.
The Mine Action portfolio, funded by the United Nations Mine Action Service of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, is managed by the regional office for North America, with field operations carried out in 13 countries.
13. ISAF remains committed to monitoring and reporting abuse perpetrated against children by armed actors, in line with Security Council resolution 1612 (2005).
Jiang Jiang (China)
You can load the page in a browser and switch among the various page display modes to see how the different tool zones behave.
Report of the Secretary-General on international trade and development (A/61/272)
Urban youth development
Samoa
607. According to the Working Group's methods of work, the Government of Uruguay received a copy of the case concerning Jorge Hugo Martínez Horminoguez, who disappeared in Pozo de Quilmes in Argentina in 1978, after being arrested by Argentinean and Uruguayan army officers.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants noted particularly that marriage between an Afghan man and an Iranian woman is not officially recognized and their children have no legal status because the Afghan man's presence is irregular.
Join this site , login and look around there to be credited.
The Working Group also took into consideration legal issues related to the use of electronic transferable records in relationship with the Convention Providing a Uniform Law for Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes (Geneva, 7 June 1930) and the Convention Providing a Uniform Law for Cheques (Geneva, 19 March 1931) (A/CN.9/797, paras. 109-112).
Indeed, the promotion of dialogue, tolerance and understanding between cultures should be an integral part of the fight against terrorism, through such initiatives as the Alliance of Civilizations.
a Including two non-recurrent temporary posts (1 P-3 and 1 GS (OL)) expiring in 2011.
491. Article 11 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child establishes an obligation for States parties to take measures to combat the illicit transfer and nonreturn of children abroad.
As for me, Im firmly convinced that the number of foreign tourists should be limited, for the following reasons:68. In addition, in order to attract tourists, a lot of artificial facilities have been built, which have certain unfavorable effects on the environment.69.
This year promises to be a very important year for the United Nations and multilateralism.
12 October 1992c
The right based and inclusive approach is the bedrock of the GoN's policies and plans in this field.
The Organization shall function through the Council established under article 6, the committees and other subsidiary bodies referred to in article 26 and the Executive Director and staff.
4. Calls upon the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to take practical action:
The reform of the Ministry and general staff began in the spring of 2003 with the aim of creating a broad-based organization staffed by professionals from a balance of ethnic groups.
She has some pains and itching around her eyes.
In this paper,with high speed camera,the visualization experiments for the heat transfer characteristics of spray cooling on rectangle capillary microgroove groups surface were carried out.
While the common law may be invoked for the protection and enforcement of rights at times, the desirability of constitutional reform has been widely recognised since 1991 when steps were taken to review the existing Constitution and make recommendations for reform.
Japan has the lowest death rates for children under age five.
The Committee has explored and continues to explore opportunities to better raise awareness of the obligations derived from resolution 1540 (2004) and to share relevant information among national policymakers, parliamentarians, industry, academia and the public, as appropriate.
If you take my advice, you won't tell anyone about this.
1.5.4 Pricing
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) estimates that an increasing proportion of those refugees who had indicated their willingness to return from neighbouring countries is reluctant to do so because it is known that the areas to which they wish to return are mined."
The skeleton supports the Body and protects its internal organs.
Past achievements are no guarantee of success in the future.
List of Alaska Airlines destinations
Faber hated snap decisions.
w Armenia, Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Chile and Myanmar.
Collectively, these measures made it possible for the hybrid mission to maintain presence in Darfur, although views were mixed with respect to impacts on efficiency;
Also, the Federal Government will examine in detail the call by the associations to establish independent psychiatric complaint agencies.
Thestarch degradability rates of othercereal feeds were : wheat , 96.28 % , maize , 55.37 % , rice , 45.23 % , buckwheat , 44.10 % , sor - ghum, 42.58 % respectively.
Rochefort-du-Gard
43. With regard to Sudan's efforts in dealing with situation in the Darfur, the delegation noted that negotiation was the basis for the solution of the problem in Darfur.
Shit,shit,shit,shitty shit,shit!
This small rodent can scoop a long, narrow tunnel in a very short time.
(v) Meetings: usually twice a year
44. Apprenticeship businesses offer young women the possibility to get to know technical and craft professions.
For example, male and female representation in the schemes differs somewhat in relation to their representation among all unemployed persons.
It will be paralleled with an approach to the poverty aspect by linking it with water supply and sanitation.
The European Union remained committed -- in cooperation with its partners in the Quartet and in the Arab world -- to assisting the parties to achieve a final settlement to the Middle East conflict.
The migrants themselves, by creating social ties and transnational networks, were recognized as central agents in this process.
They do not have access to sex or to reproductive health services, including abortion. The impacts of this are wide ranging.
The court may issue such a decision at the request of any person who has a legitimate interest.
55. The Meeting stressed the importance of enhancing the solidarity and cohesion in the voting patterns at the United Nations organs on issues of mutual concern to the OIC Member States in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the OIC Summits and Ministerial Conferences.
Cracking or splitting combined a yellowish hue is more likely due to a fungal infection.
After their dogs nearly wrecked their marriage, they sent Darby, an Irish terrier, and Kacee, an Australian shepherd-border collie mix, to live with a trainer for four weeks.
Fire also came forth from the Lord and consumed the two hundred and fifty men who were offering the incense.
Bearing in mind the importance of this type of education, legislative amendments should make distance learning (we consider "elearning" as a more appropriate notion) an integral part of all levels of education (exclusively or combined with traditional forms of teaching and learning).
132. At the same meeting, on the proposal of the President (Cameroon), the Council decided to further defer to its resumed organizational session for 2002, to be held in May 2002, its consideration of the draft decision.
Figure V
They are showing some signs of restlessness.
51. Ms. Ngoma (Gabon) said that the Civil Code did not prohibit women from living outside the country in order to exercise their professional activities, and she cited a number of examples.
Finally, on the basis of analysing above-mentioned measured results, a method of distinguishing nozzle opening pressure change is set up.
The tentative schedule of General Assembly plenary and related meetings may now be accessed on the Web site of the General Assembly at the following address: <www.un.org/en/ga/info/meetings>.
32. Ms. Herity (Secretary of the Committee) announced that Mali and Mauritania had become sponsors of the draft resolution.
The government army is fully committed to getting itself removed, in the near future, from the list of parties that recruit or use children contained in the report of the Secretary-General on children and armed conflict.
2-13 March 2009
I thank the United States and United Kingdom Missions in The Hague, both of which provided assistance in this area.
The Department and UNIDIR are involved in a joint project on the potential synergies between the three global treaty-implementing bodies (IAEA, OPCW and CTBTO).
mitogen activation
Six post-judgement appeals also involved staff of the Office of the Prosecutor during the same period: Čelebići, Blaškić, Kordić/Čerkez, Kunarac, Kupreškić and Jelesić.
4. Following the endorsement of the Framework, work started on the development of an environment statistics self-assessment tool based on the template used for the pilot testing of the Basic and Core Sets of Environment Statistics.
It also showed that we can only benefit from the continued input of scientific and technical experts in the course of future negotiations.
Sergeant Yunus Mamduh al-Madhbuh (mother: Dallal), 1990, Idlib
(z) United action towards the total elimination of nuclear weapons;
Including such wording, it was noted, would contradict the statement in paragraph 7 of the commentary to article 65 of the draft Guide that the procuring entity might take some limited corrective actions after the award, such as some disciplinary measures against personnel involved in improprieties.
In addition, China's rampant growth offers a virtual licence to print money.
Include a gender perspective in poverty eradication policies aimed at addressing root causes, manifestations and challenges of poverty;
(a) the reasons for ERB not conducting any consultation before relaxing the minimum age and highest education attainment requirements for enrolment; and the reasons for ERB relaxing the age and education attainment requirements for admission prior to the publication of the said Consultative Document, given that the consultation period on the Consultative Document will last from January 24 to March 31 this year;
2010s establishments in Singapore
Quality of the Consolidated List
Provide feedback about nature of probed object and amount of force applied by probe
Revised estimates resulting from the requests contained in General Assembly resolution 69/2, entitled "Outcome document of the high-level plenary meeting of the General Assembly known as the World Conference on Indigenous Peoples"
Concurrently with increased mercury consumption, domestic production has also increased.
Hehas an excellent track record as a salesman.
9 Georgia
The initialization of the physical device occurs later, when a backup is written to the backups device.
5. The new international security situation, which came about after the events of 11 September 2001, underscored the vital importance of the Non-Proliferation Treaty and the need to preserve its validity and credibility in order to face threats linked to nuclear terrorism and arms of mass destruction and their delivery vehicles.
(US$ 8,934,389,887)
Shock absorbers are used to accomplish the other task ? to control the rebound of the springs.
It is managed in accordance with the Fund's Terms of Reference and FAO financial regulations as well as other applicable rules.
In the case of absence, the Chairperson of a Main Committee shall designate a Vice-Chairperson of that Committee as his/her substitute.
Mr. Guissé also noted that, when looking for an alternative punishment to the death penalty, both the State and the victim should be satisfied.
Commercial fraud is being refined by means of these new technological aids.
424
3. Mrs. Erica-Irene A. Daes introduced the two reports she had elaborated as Special Rapporteur of the Sub-Commission for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, namely "Indigenous peoples' permanent sovereignty over natural resources" (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/30 and Add.1) and "Indigenous peoples and their relationship to land" (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2001/21).
Agriculture in Africa has to be transformed through an enabling environment comprising of policy, institutions, infrastructure and investment in scientific research, technology development and dissemination.
Clinical Observation on the Treatment of 52 Cases of Postpartum Depression with Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine
Do you speak English?
However, most of the FAPC soldiers left on 28 May 2003.
But there is a third possibility: Macron believes that, to advance his vision for the European Union, he must act impeccably on the European stage, meeting the most stringent German standards.
443. For years, in Italy, it has been registered the establishment of small groups of healthcare workers, whose location and management is diversified (Sexual Violence Relief Centres, listening Centres, Centres for identifying sexual abuse and mistreatment on children, Counselling Centres, Youth Areas, etc.).
Sierra Leone
Go back down to the pier and click on the boat. See that the boat was scuttled.
The sectoral approach also offers a channel through which Japan aims to contribute to many other countries.
That goal deserves our fullest support.
They established a connection between the individual nerve cells whose microscopic inner machinery drives the SCN mechanism, and the manufacture of the hormones.
Look, I just asked matt to borrow some product.
The traffic network, which is formed by enticers, transporters, exploiters, other intermediaries, and customers demands an answer from the State, through the establishment of juridical protection measures and measures to ensure appropriate protection, support and assistance to victims, as well as to punish the violators that make up the traffic network.
"If you have a cat, or a dog for that matter, be careful where they urinate," Oyabu said. "Especially keep them away from electrical appliances and wires."
The strengths of the system included: universality: in terms of the scope of its membership, the range of its functions, its multicultural character and its capacity to give voice to the concerns of all; credibility and moral authority: value-based orientation, underpinned by knowledge, giving expression and operating according to principles and acting for the common good; and convening power which enables the system to contribute to global agenda-setting, and to serve as a generator of normative standards and as a vehicle of international cooperation for their attainment.
49. Children in conflict with the law are always separated from adults as required by the Constitution, the Prison Act and Children's Act from the pre- trial to trial stage.
That book is not healthy reading for a child.
The 3 types of secondary tasks were no secondary task, articulatory suppression, and calculation task.
It was a dim, old-fashioned chamber, festooned with cobwebs, and besprinkled with antique dust.
Please provide an update on your Government's plans to accede to those remaining instruments and to ensure their implementation in domestic law.
 20. All of the replies received from Governments indicated that steps had been taken to ensure that national laws penalize trafficking.
32. The Act on Responsibility for Electronic Bulletin Boards was enacted in Sweden in 1998.
I. COOPERATION UNDER THE FOUR SUBJECT AREAS
Synthesis, Characterization and Spectrum Properties of New Fluorescence Azo-Porphyrins
Chairman: Mr. David Morán Bovio (Spain)
Presentation of the reports on implementation
Then Tippy Toes stuffed his furry little paw into his mouth to keep from laughing out loud.
The members of the Security Council received regular briefings of various officials from the Secretariat.
10. The Secretary-General informed the Security Council that there had been a frank exchange of views during the discussions.
Anxiety and nervousness may make us more sensitive to tinnitus and produce stronger emotional reactions
The meeting was attended by the following members of the Bureau of the Nineteenth Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol:
Why do we believe that human life is so much more valuable than any other animal's?
Total, civilian staff
FAO
A report should include sufficient data and statistics disaggregated by sex relevant to each article and the general recommendations of the Committee to enable it to assess progress in the implementation of the Convention.
We also heard that to resolve the human rights situation in Darfur, any "Abuja Plus" type negotiations must include all stakeholders, including all fighting forces, civil society, human rights defenders, prominent individuals, women and women's groups.
The determination to implement resolution 19/12 has made AGRED a reality.
170.197. Enhance the quality and access to information and communication technologies (Sri Lanka);
As of 1995, the police in Punjab had been under scrutiny and, following an order of the Supreme Court, a Central Bureau of Investigation had started more than 1,000 procedures against police officers.
Margraves of Brandenburg-Ansbach
 In 1993 an estimated 30 per cent of all Bank projects involved collaboration with non-governmental organizations.
It was therefore high time to address the linkages between the thematic and country-specific issues before the Council.
Alfred dismissed it, but they both stopped talking to it, kicking it, or even touching it, they just left him neglected in the corner of the room
please, john, please.
Scope of application and other general rules
Total (1) and (2)
Take care not to into bad company.
In America, almost every-body is a tourist sometime.-->
War makes thieves, and peace hangs them.
"How much are the apples
The pitch was bubbling in the seams; the nasty stench of the place turned me sick; if ever a man smelt fever and dysentery, it was in that abominable anchorage.
I wonder why grandmother looks at the withered flower in the old book that way?
In such cases, China shall promptly notify the Committee on Import Licensing of the exceptional circumstances requiring the shorter period of licence validity.
But the buses are much to full.
New Zealand
The International Monetary Fund would like to supplement its earlier observations on the topic of necessity.
Participation of civil society
They were neither large nor small, while their color was a nondescript brown; but in them smouldered a fire, or, rather, lurked an expression dual and strangely contradictory.
Yang expressed hope that through President Hu's upcoming state visit to the ROK, both sides will draw a blueprint for future development of the bilateral ties, work out a plan for friendly cooperation of mutual benefit in all areas and push for all-round development of China-ROK ties.
What is our chance of sitting in on your rehearsal?
Arms Control and Disarmament
"by candid and informed weighing of the competing interests within the confines of the judicial process than by announcing dogmas too inflexible for the non-Euclidean problems to be solved."
The General Assembly decides to postpone the holding of its fourth High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development, originally scheduled for 23 and 24 November 2009, on the understanding that the exact dates are to be determined no later than 11 December 2009.
In conclusion, I should like to reiterate that this High-Level Meeting is taking place at a particularly crucial moment.
Fifty-ninth session
Soon, the boy gained admission into the Aesthetic College
We're not trying to preserve the artifact. We're trying to make sure readers can read it and access it.
While this level is slightly below that of 2012 ($145 million), the current level includes fewer commitments/obligations, namely $22.8 million (16.5 per cent) compared to $82.8 million (57 per cent) at the end of the third quarter of 2012.
The Secretary-General shall decide on the membership and shall publish the rules of procedure of the Senior Review Group.
151. The Publishing Section is ISO 14001:2004 certified.
'It's devastating,' said Stephen Raphael, 62 years old, a semiretired Bear broker who joined the firm in 1974.
3. Requests for advice, by geographic location, 2013
Also aware that Eritrea has been devastated by a thirty-year war, which ended in May 1991, and repeated droughts over the years, that its economy and resources have been destroyed and that it is starting anew,
Rather, China should increase investment in infrastructure selectively and redouble its efforts to stimulate private consumption.
105
Steps are being taken to appoint a chief technical adviser in Jerusalem and a UN-Habitat programme manager in Gaza to assist the Coordinator in implementing the Programme.
Guangzhou's urban rail transport is also planning to open Xintang and Zengcheng urban areas.
2. Trials shall be conducted and judgement declared publicly.
This will require further investment in immunization, improved data collection and analytics, new tools and approaches, and most importantly, strong partnerships.
The strategies for capacity development, which will be further developed in the guidance note, are given below.
The security enhancement projects developed prior to October 2009 focused mainly on the mitigation of collateral damage and petty crime.
Our factories that manufacture our products are all equipped with computer-controlled robots that create high-quality products with incredible accuracy and efficiency.
In Findlay, Ohio, hundreds remain in a shelter.
Stevens isn't around, I hear
Two men formed a plot to rob the bank.
5. Recommendation: The information received from the administering Powers on the Non-Self-Governing Territories will be used in the preparation of the working papers of the Secretariat and discussed by the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples at its annual session.
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
Step up effort to prevent and combat sexual exploitation and trafficking in women and children, including by ensuring that all allegations of trafficking and sexual abuses are investigated and the perpetrators are brought to justice and punished (Malaysia);
6. Given the close relationship between the promotion and protection of the right to development and all other civil, cultural, economic, political and social rights, many activities of the Office of the High Commissioner may be seen as part of an overall strategy for realizing that right.
- Article 23: Breach of the requirement to give testimony concerning terrorist offences (imprisonment of three to six months and a fine of 100 to 1,000 dinars, without this ruling out application of the heaviest penalties prescribed for the offence of giving false testimony).
Participation rate 77,4 78,3 78,2 78,3 78,2
If conflict breaks out, waiting for a random period of time after the re - start.
The Department remains convinced that there is no necessary or intrinsic relationship between self-revision and quality and that, when performed by well-seasoned translators, it can yield perfectly satisfactory results.
These procedures facilitate the flexible implementation of CDM project activities for which the start date of the crediting period is after the date of registration;
BAL
In this regard, it was stated that the use of terms and definitions should be fully aligned with the relevant international legal instruments and resolutions.
Visibility of the Convention and its Optional Protocol
The effect of the informed seller, and uninformed buyer, produces a "lemons" problem.
In the 3 regional headquarters (Cap-Haïtien, Les Cayes and Gonaïves), primary health care was provided by United Nations-owned level-I clinics during working hours and after working hours by the troop-contributing country level-I clinics.
In the unique circumstances of the international prosecution of war crimes cases this does not strike the right balance.
(b) Combat racism and racial discrimination, both domestically and internationally;
The Section covers activities in Abidjan and nine field offices and the extent of its current areas of intervention is wide-ranging.
Additional information was needed to complete the assessment of five other cases.
Any attempt to change State borders or democratic institutions in Bosnia and Herzegovina or in the region through obstruction and violence aimed at weakening international determination and the international presence should be severely condemned.
306. Participation in the pre-sessional working group had been useful in helping UNICEF field officers understand the significance of the reporting process and its potential impact on their work.
Capacity "21" Trust Fund
Original: English
He found a deteriorating environment for democratic participation and practice.
In the context of formulation of a wide-ranging education policy with result-oriented aims and objectives, it has become imperative to formulate sector-wide programme planning and financing, which would have to be supported through a collaborative framework. VI. Sector-wide major achievements
The Special Rapporteur was informed that as a follow-up to the survey, more than 24 counselling centres have been established in the country to provide help and support for the victims of domestic violence.
Hence research on the enterprises'core competence from the aspect of human resource management is theoretically and practically significant for the improvement of the enterprises'core competence.
The main responsibilities of the Committee are to establish a unified set of ethical standards and policies of the United Nations Secretariat and of the separately administered organs and programmes, and to consult on certain important and particularly complex cases and issues having United Nations-wide implications raised by any Ethics Office or the Chairperson of the Ethics Committee.
All very abundant in the Chinese language different from in English, mean variously color or the phrases of the colors.
Report of the administrator of the international transaction log under the Kyoto Protocol.
I was a bride married to amazement.
2.33 Savings on or cancellation of obligations relating to the regular budget's un-liquidated obligations for the prior fiscal period are credited to Member States in the current fiscal period in accordance with financial regulation 4.2(c).
IAPSO coordinated with the organizers of the business seminars on behalf of all participating United Nations organizations.
For efficiency, only those files that have changed are downloaded.
General debate (continued):
And prior to the Brexit referendum, few expected that a majority of British voters would swallow the lie that they could retain the benefits of European Union membership without any of the responsibilities.
At the same time, the judgment on the Arrest Warrant case also fails to mention the fact that the Congolese authorities should have informed the Belgian authorities that their Minister for Foreign Affairs had immunity, so that the issue of immunity could be considered.
2020 in fiction
You'd be surprised what I endure.
She remarked that in this time of great uncertainty for the international community, through it all, UNICEF and its partners -- especially members of the Executive Board -- had kept faith in the knowledge that together they could change the world for children.
Agenda item 107: Advancement of women (continued) (A/55/3, A/55/38, A/55/138-S/2000/693, A/55/162-S/2000/715, A/55/271, 293, 308, 322, 385 and 399; A/C.3/55/3 and 4)
The suggestion by the long - line judgment, meets the low ambush, the wave band participation.
The International Day was the main issue of discussion.
In developing countries, property, particularly land and farm assets, are important, while cash savings tend to dominate in middle-income countries.
Punishment should be given by the customs on any behaviour of smuggling and violating the regulations of customs supervision in accordance with the provisions of Customs Law of the People's Republic of China and Implementation Regulations for Administrative Punishment of the Customs of the People's Republic of China.
Environmental sustainability is everybody's challenge.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the in-depth evaluation of sustainable development
17. The Statistics Division is developing a worldwide database for trade in services in cooperation with OECD to complement the United Nations Commodity Trade Statistics Database (Comtrade) merchandise trade database.
I would also like to extend a warm welcome to Ms. Catarina de Albuquerque, Special Rapporteur on the human right to safe drinking water and sanitation.
Due to the complexity of the process, regretfully , we cannot provide technical support for such attempts.
Zachary D. Muburi Muita (Kenya)
All the requirements in the standard are intended to be incorporated into any environmental management system.
And yet, even with damage to infrastructure such as road and rail links, the tsunamis’ overall economic impact is expected to be minor.
The ring is connected to a port is placed the skin at the time of surgery.
The drug is approved to treat the tumors with or without regional lymph node involvement.
18.46 The decrease in non-post resources is due to the redeployment of the provision for computer processing, telecommunications, data storage and other specialized information technology services to programme support, where it is administered centrally.
Thank you for contributing generously to these funds.
The Chairperson or the Vice-Chairperson acting as Chairperson shall participate in the meetings of the Commission as such and not as the representative of the member by whom he or she was accredited.
The natural pigment was extracted from chestnut shell by alcohol - water as solvent assisted by microwave irradiation.
Enhancing participation in decision-making is considered by the Special Rapporteur to be essential if all aspects of the initiatives being taken to advance the rights of indigenous peoples in the Congo are to be successfully implemented.
Mechanisms to promote consultations between relevant stakeholders, to monitor compliance with international human rights obligations and international and national technical rules and norms and to assess performance in delivering services help to ensure that human rights are respected, protected and fulfilled and to improve management and budget allocation.
It never entered my head that he might have fooled me.
The Philippines therefore fully supports a global plan of action against human trafficking.
The future would present many new challenges. In order to attain the Millennium Development Goals and other agreed international goals, developing countries would need to achieve a reduction in birth and mortality rates, an increase in the number of people participating in the productive and consumption cycles, and a reduction in pollution and waste so as to protect the global commons for future generations.
Premises/accommodation
 The Serbs in Knin should view the resolution as an extension of the three-step negotiating process.
"They will be transferred as soon as practicable, " he said.
Article 21 The drawer of a bill of exchange must maintain a bona fide relationship of entrusted payment with the drawee and have a reliable source of funds to pay the amount of sum on the bill.
C. Opening of the International Meeting
Bilunabirotunda
The fact that such weapons are easy to use and are often available for low prices on the illegal market causes them to be available to anyone.
Zambia
Find out problems from CMM results and push related departments to take corrective and preventive actions.
It also entails being able to repair the equipment on short notice.
The Meeting was organized by the Office of the Special Adviser on Africa in cooperation with the Government of Egypt and with the support of the Government of Sweden to address the key issue of improving governance of natural resource management in post-conflict countries.
Then do not waste time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
I. Introduction
7269 Alprokhorov
126. This report lists Morocco's main achievements with regard to the promotion and protection of human rights.
My huckleberry friend, Moon rive And me.
 59. Several Member States stated that adequate Secretariat support should be provided to ensure a productive non-governmental organization relationship with the United Nations.
21. While noting with appreciation that the Ministry of Education has incorporated the subjects of peace and citizenship into the curricula of schools, the Committee regrets that human rights education, including the Optional Protocol, is not specifically incorporated in the primary and secondary school curricula or in the teachers' training programme.
And when he looked about him it evidently was for the strong fortress-walls which had long encompassed him.
For over three decades, USAID used its Housing Guaranty Programme to support housing and municipal investments.
However, unquestionably, acid rain is harmful to amphibians such as salamanders, spring peepers , and frogs.
For the first half of American history, the main job of the vice president was serving as president of the Senate.
" The 1991 revised "constitution" of the Dalai clique still stipulates that the Dalai is "the head of the state.
46. This procedure has already been applied in relation to two States parties and the Committee considers the experience to have been a very positive one in both instances.
Journal of the United Nations (room IN-908, 300 East 42nd Street)
resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
Updating of e-mine website, sustaining 40,000 usage sessions per month, with mine action reports, public information materials and operational data from five mine action programmes in peacekeeping operations
The Co-Chair recalled that at the thirtieth meeting of the Open-ended Working Group the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel had reported on its evaluation of laboratory and analytical uses of ozone-depleting substances and had recommended that 15 procedures should be eliminated from the global exemption for such uses and three procedures retained.
At its 12th meeting, on 18 - 19 December, the CMP took note of the report of the administrator of the international transaction log under the Kyoto Protocol.
info@ailaonline.net
1. The present annex provides supplementary information that the Secretary-General is required to report.
That's actually not too difficult.
Sámi Parliament would have an obligation to monitor the application of the Act and, where necessary, to issue recommendations and make initiatives.
This is quite likely to happen in China too in the near future, said Chi Hung Kwan, a senior fellow at Nomura Institute of Capital Markets Research.
The World Energy Council estimates that global investment in energy between 1990 and 2020 will total some US$ 30 trillion at 1992 prices.
The DPRK side is willing to conduct multilateral talks including the six - party talks in light of the progress of DPRK-US talks.
Another lesson to be learned from episodes in the recent past is the need for a better use and rationalizing of the structures we already have at our disposal.
About ECR Asia
Published by the China University of Political Science and Law Press, this series is a joint venture with Renmin University of China in Beijing.
Did she give you permission
Both McKee and Useem emphasize that there are times when you are obligated to speak up.
320. The representative described the Government's plans for women who were clearly vulnerable because of their status or because they belonged to another race or ethnic group.
(b) Is employed by the State party concerned;
Sixteen countries have taken MFN exemptions, affecting one or more of the three types of service covered by the Annex on Air Transport Services.
They evoke no ardor in the male breast.
In 1998, the Conference of the Parties adopted two more annexes (VIII and IX), which provide more details as to what is and what is not covered by the Convention.
These shortfalls have occurred in more or less the same amount over the past several years and have typically been in the order of $1.2 million.
Encephalatrophy cured, atrophy of a few flesh is good also.
However, the amount finally approved by the General Assembly was only $874,000 for the biennium.
(6) Recalling the resolution adopted at the 114th IPU Assembly (Nairobi, 2006) on the role of parliaments in environmental management and in combating global degradation of the environment,
Through the gathering blue dusk Jaime glimpsed fresh thatch upon a score of roofs, and doors made of raw green wood.
Essay writing on this issue, community meetings and television and radio appearances have all focused on discussions on the rights and responsibilities of the child.
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
41. Low-income countries are also vulnerable to natural disasters.
While Greece teeters, one of its eurozone peers on the Iberian Peninsula is feeling a tad wobbly too.
In 2000 the United Kingdom made available $1 million, as announced to the General Conference in December 1999.
(f) Facilitating the participation of civil society, especially non-governmental organizations, in disarmament-related conferences and meetings in accordance with established rules of procedure, including in terms of access to meetings, documentation, organization of oral presentations, holding of special events and mounting of exhibits.
2. The Deputy Secretary-General of UNCTAD and the Deputy Director-General of WTO had commended ITC's Executive Director for the manner in which he had led ITC's reform process, and they had also referred to the enhanced cooperation amongst the three organizations.
Right to freedom of movement and freedom to choose one's residence
23. Manufacturing incentives are provided by a trade regime that confers unique advantages on the United States Virgin Islands.
Detailed testimonies and other corroborative evidence further establishes the specific responsibility of Iraqi forces and authorities in relation to many individual cases.
:: China Great Wall Industry Corporation (CGWIC) -- designated 13 June 2006
"E. Implementation considerations
Recalling its resolutions 1265 (1999), 1296 (2000), 1674 (2006) and 1738 (2006) on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, its resolutions 1325 (2000) and 1820 (2008) on women and peace and security, and its resolution 1612 (2005) on children and armed conflict, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General (S/2008/695) on Children and Armed Conflict in Afghanistan,
The National Family Planning Act promotes Family Life Education, which includes sex education and contraceptive use.
A series of workshops were also conducted during the reporting period, for 369 social workers and other key RSS staff in all fields as a result of planning and implementation of training needs assessments and design of training programmes.
Summary
The author and his family wanted to avoid the police check and two out of four passengers tried to escape.
Tramways in Île-de-France
The basis of new taxonomy is mental theories.
3. At its fourth meeting, on 15 October 1998, the Committee considered information gathered by the Secretariat from public sources on violations of the prohibitions imposed by resolution 1160 (1998) in conjunction with information of the same nature received from relevant regional organizations.
The Special Rapporteur recommends that States adopt legislation setting out guidelines regarding memorialization processes, in accordance with international standards and taking into consideration the conclusion and recommendations above.
There's a 10 % discount if your order in volume.
Malachite from a Zambian mine seems to take the form of rounded peas.
The officers answered that they were labourers on an excursion to the countryside.
Further, the Administration informed the Board that, in April 2004, the fee for services had been increased to $500,000 annually for a period of five years.
It should be emphasized that the Government of the affected State was in the best position to determine the severity of a disaster situation, the limits of its national response capacity and whether there was a need to seek external assistance.
Urgent implementation of relevant regional and international agreements is particularly important for the sustainability of the fishery resources that migrate through or straddle areas of the natural jurisdiction of small island developing States.
Plainsville merchants report that sales of running shoes and exercise clothing are at all-time highs.
It's good to see you, Colonel.
Twenty-six mandate-holders participated and discussed a variety of issues, including measures that could be taken to enhance the effectiveness of the special procedures system, as well as ways and means of integrating their work into the activities of OHCHR, particularly through its field presences, technical cooperation activities and work with national institutions, and into the wider United Nations system in accordance with the Secretary-General's reform agenda (see E/CN.4/2005/5).
(c) Identifying areas for deeper research and analysis on issues relevant to services development;
 1. Persons summoned to appear before the International Tribunal as witnesses or experts shall be under the same obligation to appear as that provided for in Spanish law.
D. Multilingualism and language parity on the United Nations website 59. When providing web services to author offices, the Department routinely emphasizes the need for site content to be made available in all six official languages (see figures VII and VIII and table below), a requirement mandated by the General Assembly.
The existing system of engaging freight forwarders in Europe would also be reviewed in favour of a better facility for obtaining this type of service.
112. The provision for non-post resources in the amount of $1,804,700 reflects an increase of $232,500 or 14.8 per cent.
An attack on Iran might, however, produce precisely the effect that Netanyahu seeks to avoid.
Di Renjie
States in the international community already have considerable experience and practices in dealing with transboundary oil and gas reservoirs.
85. Gaza's established crossings remained closed for most of 2008, an armed conflict broke out at the end of the year, talks on intra-Palestinian reconciliation were inconclusive and there was no significant progress in negotiations between the Government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization.
59. Respondents generally supported a focus on the global aspiration for the next two generations to eliminate poverty and hunger; to feed, nurture, house and educate 9 billion people by 2050; to secure inclusive growth, equity and development; and to preserve the Earth's life support systems.
Challenges and Partnerships: Opening up ICT to the World, a publication prepared for the Summit, demonstrated the vital role of ICTs in achieving the Millennium Development Goals by showcasing some of the major deliverables and initiatives the Task Force and its members are undertaking collectively and individually, and highlighted successful strategies that can be replicated to make the information society a reality.
An allocation error occurred. The file size will be adjusted.
In that context, it is very important to strengthen the functions of the United Nations Secretariat.
Conducted classes on costs in 1970 for completion of postgraduate course of instruction, University of Malaya.
19. Further decides that, for Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Force, there shall be set off against their apportionment, as provided for in paragraph 17 above, their respective share of the unencumbered balance and other income in the amount of 2,869,300 dollars in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2012, in accordance with the levels updated in its resolution 64/249, taking also into account the scale of assessments for 2012, as set out in its resolution 64/248;
Alice has been a martyr to her husband's appalling temper for the past ten years.
18 March 1986a
4. Draws attention to the importance of a comprehensive approach to transitional justice in armed conflict and post-conflict situations, encompassing the full range of judicial and non-judicial measures, as appropriate;
"Article 18 The basic people's courts shall have jurisdiction as courts of first instance over civil cases, unless otherwise provided in this Law.
Could you introduce your friends raising pigeons for me? May I go to have a look?
Singapore owes its postwar rapid economic development to its education , especially its education on elite .
Do go out the door and get in the car Do you take a rocket
Some schools have already implemented later start times.
Public health services need to become available and accessible to communities, especially in countries that are affected by the epidemic.
The representatives of Latvia, Romania, Poland, Hungary and Bulgaria made statements and aligned themselves with the statement by the United Kingdom (on behalf of the European Union).
Palestine noted that implementing the justice system reform, guaranteeing the right to security of the person, and effectively implementing international human rights standards at various levels of society, remained challenges for Mexico.
Know yourself. %26 To lead a virtuous life is the happiest life.
There are areas where the development of national standards provides a better picture of a particular national reality.
To this date, all governments have been a coalition of several parties.
Two-lane expressway
Whisk the egg in a bowl. Add the water, then the seasonings of salt, soy sauce, and pepper.
And why is it that a foreigner was as designer?
Fellowship programme
The Committee concludes that the author has not shown that he could be considered a victim of a violation of the Covenant with regard to the disqualification from these offices.
Would you, therefore, that your physician heal the bodily evil?
Sixty-ninth session
We hope that our long-time aspiration to become a member of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation will be fulfilled next year, with the help of the countries of the region.
Elsewhere insecurity remains high.
(a) To know, seek, obtain, receive and hold information about all human rights and fundamental freedoms, including having access to information as to how those rights and freedoms are given effect in domestic legislative, judicial or administrative systems;
The seventeenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, to be held in Durban, must make significant progress towards a comprehensive, legally binding agreement that can ensure the survival of all nations.
Gossip spread fast enough without helping it actively.
4. Mandate lead body role to an existing forest-related organization.
There is no distinction between knocked - down ( KD ) and built - up (  BU  ) equipment, except for a few equipment.
`What do you think of his going to Wuthering Heights?
The Committee notes that the author and his ex-wife were married in August 1997 and that his daughters were born in 1997 and 1999 respectively.
Credit is the main channel through which savings are transformed into investments.
Physicists had long expected the LHC to reveal a new sector of particles and fields associated with “electroweak symmetry breaking” and the dark matter of the universe.
Western European and other States
[All are invited to attend.
81. In the security sector, I welcome the launch of the process to develop a national security policy.
Something I'm ashamed of.
"Les discriminations subies par les migrants subsahariens en Libye" (Discrimination experienced by sub-Saharan migrants in Libya), 2010
But long - term contracts can be symbiotic for producers and clients if properly enforced.
Park Avenue Bridge
Very few young people participate in our political parties, form part of our Governments or vote in our elections.
Therefore, the parties had to bear their own losses.
As a country participating in the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative, Guyana has benefited from significant multilateral and bilateral debt relief.
 The first is the magnetic card to indicate that I have paid all taxes which are due.
Local conflict resolution initiatives regarding property and other disputes
68. The role of the United Nations in combating terrorism should extend to ensuring that terrorism was not politicized for particular purposes.
That is especially the case in relation to women and young people.
The BTWC can never disregard one of the characteristics of its membership: the difference between its States Parties regarding the level of development and their national capabilities and resources.
I waited until it was dark, snuck up to the old lady's house, and put the letter I didn't sign through the letter slot in her door.
KOTC claims KWD 90,640 for each of the two vessels that were not repaired, based on its consultant's estimates of actual replacement value, without allowance for depreciation or salvage.
The driveway was covered again within minutes and she couldn't see across the street to the neighbor's house.
1539. The main objective of the meeting was to highlight major achievements and constraints in the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and identify measures needed to improve implementation in the future.
It should take advantage of the gesture by the Arab countries in the form of the Arab Peace Initiative and withdraw from all Arab territory that it has occupied since June 1967 to allow for the emergence of a just and comprehensive peace.
The experience of those complex emergencies has made United Nations entities and other assistance providers increasingly recognize the essential interdependence of their work, whether for relief, reconstruction or development.
In the UK, the government will introduce legislation later this year to tackle some of the shortcomings that became obvious during the Northern Rock affair.
The Financing for Development conference assumes special significance in view of the observation by the Secretary-General in the report that
The Fifth and Sixth Committees should bear in mind the considerations included in the Secretary-General's proposal, and recommend the General Assembly to approve the proposed programme budget for the UNCITRAL secretariat in its entirety.
UK-bio-stub
and that the potassium metasomatism takes place due to falling of temperature in the migration and exhalation of ore-forming fluid.
[on the report of the First Committee (A/65/410)]
The region recognized that different levels of economic development in countries of the region may require the application of different approaches and mechanisms to implement Agenda 21.
Breaking Point. Did you start that?
32. The situation in Côte d'Ivoire (20 December 2002; 29 October 2014).
1.1.5 National statistical capacities are improved
1. Takes note of the note by the Secretary-General;
I don't feel very well.
With the worship of teachers, with a vision for education and love, I would not hesitate to choose the teaching career.
During consultations held in Paris in October 2013, Senator Pierre Frogier and FLNKS requested that the issue of the special electoral roll be included in the agenda of the Committee of Signatories, but the request was not granted.
Whatever mechanisms would be most appropriate, it must be emphasized that much more work is required in determining the link between illegal logging and organized criminal groups.
Kuwait was eager to strengthen cooperation on counter-terrorism and develop methods for exchanging security information at the regional and international levels.
" "There are several returning people, but what's really exciting is there's this whole new crop coming up," said Moviefone editor-in-chief Scott Robson.
LTTE has designated its so-called Child Protection Authority as the interlocutor on child recruitment issues and Security Council resolution 1612 (2005), and weekly dialogue between UNICEF and the
The withdrawal of important and complicated cases should be reported to people's governments at the corresponding levels and supervisory organs at the higher level for the record Article 32.
Moreover, about 130 kilometres of electrical power lines from the Cabora Bassa dam, in Tete province, to Nampula-Nacala, have been completely devastated, thus leaving millions of citizens in the affected areas in serious jeopardy.
In the education sector, for example, there is a proportion of 28% of female teachers at the first line of management positions the proportion of female Principals administers to 12% and 8%.
Deputy Secretary-General Under-Secretary-General
The members of the Committee include experts from such fields as statistics, planning, information and communications technology, including geo-information.
Institute of Nuclear Energy Research
The State Council has, moreover, promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of Computer Software, providing the specifics whereby the laws protecting computer software will be implemented.
32. During the 5th meeting of the Adaptation Fund Board in March 2009, the Adaptation Fund Board authorized the World Bank, as trustee of the Adaptation Fund Trust Fund, to repay the donors that have elected reimbursement of their contribution to the Multi-donor Trust Fund for the secretariat for the Adaptation Fund Board (the Administrative Trust Fund), subject to the availability of funds from the initial monetization of CERs.
Policies and legislation should correspondingly not be designed to benefit already advantaged social groups at the expense of others.
History has saddled the United Nations with a heavy burden of responsibility and, as we look towards the twenty-first century, we must seize every opportunity to achieve the goals and ideals enshrined in the Charter.
Article 200 Any of the initiators or shareholders of a company, who makes any false capital contribution, or fails to deliver or fails to deliver in good time the monetary or non-monetary properties used as capital contributions, shall be ordered by the company registration authority to make corrections, and shall be fined not less than 5% but not more than 15% of the sum of false capital contributions.
On 31 December, Ndungutse told Romain that he was securing the area between Mahanga and Kimua;
Matters for consideration or action by the Conference of the Parties:
They overflew the Basrah, Artawi, Jalibah, Busayyah, Samawah, Nasiriyah, Shinafiyah and Ashbajah areas.
United Nations and the Inter-Parliamentary Union
Several people are found lying dead in the street during the big freeze last winter.
You are allowed the personal freedom to be yourself to best express your uniqueness.
" "But how can we bet the king's approval
Organization, country
The tea-urn was now asked to sing, but she said she had a cold, and could not sing without boiling heat.
Natural coloured cotton is a kind of cotton cultivated by hybridization and gene modification.
Mortgages payable, long-term leases, long-term notes payable, and bond payable are a few examples of long-term liabilities.
But we do have an opportunity - and hence a duty - shared by no previous human generation: to make a world by 2050 in which nearly everyone has enough food to avoid hunger, enough clothing to keep warm, and enough shelter to remain dry - plus a super-broadband Internet connection.
If the Archives and Records Management Section is to fulfil its significant involvement in the United Nations-wide Enterprise Content Management programme, a consultant with the required combination of information technology and records management skills is necessary.
The quality of candidates and the need for equitable geographical distribution were two crucial elements to be considered in the recruitment of new staff.
9. Following a review of the proposed programme of work under section 2, it is considered that requirements for the four round tables, also constituting an addition to the calendar of conferences and meetings of the United Nations for 2006, would extend beyond the absorptive capacity of provisions under section 2 for the biennium, hence, additional resources of $44,800 would be required for conference services.
51. In 1994, it was estimated that there were between 1,500 and 5,000 street children in Guatemala, most of whom could be found in Guatemala City.
Yet ODA flows and other forms of foreign assistance have made a significant contribution to Sri Lankan development.
the courses of the priests and the Levites even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skilful man for any manner of service also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.2
The draft resolution reaffirms the unique and leading role that the United Nations plays in humanitarian emergencies.
It started thirty year ago, or som'ers along there.
That could mean that people who reported sleeping eight hours were really sleeping around seven and a half hours, which would bring them into the study's lower risk category.
He stressed that, although the secretariat of the National Committee was housed in the Human Rights Board of the Ministry of Justice, it was composed of representatives of all the relevant ministries.
(c) To achieve the above through the creation and implementation of an international certification scheme for rough diamonds, based primarily on national certification schemes and on internationally agreed minimum standards.
Ms. Yasemin Levine
In this sense, global commitments to promote development also reflect the centrality of access to information; for example, in its recent report (A/67/890, annex), the High-level Panel of Eminent Persons on the Post-2015 Development Agenda calls for a transparency revolution.
Despite increased enrolment rates owing to free and compulsory education, a lack of access for children from poor households was noted.
Do take good care of leisure facilities
Metal dustbins make a noise and get bent.
He pointed out that there was an alternative to the use of methyl bromide for treating raw wood packaging under ISPM 15, which involved heat treatment, and advocated the provision of support to developing countries to enable them to set up the infrastructure needed to implement that option.
Report of the Secretary-General on the state of regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights
With relevance to the discussions of this Committee, I wish to refer to the Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security.
"(c) To ensure the effective integration of assistance provided by the United Nations system into the development process of countries, with enhanced accountability, including through the formulation of country strategy notes by interested Governments;
A letter on this subject, including a detailed information note, the tentative programme and a nomination form, was addressed to all Permanent Missions in New York.
6.Aid to the Third World is at present little more than a drop in the ocean)
And it kills me that I wasn't able to be there for you.
7. Recognizes that HIV/AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis and other infectious diseases pose severe risks for the entire world, in particular the African continent, and serious challenges to the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals;
III. Brief Description of São Tomé and Principe
8.6 The Committee observes that the author's allegations under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Covenant, are linked primarily to the evaluation of facts and evidence and recalls its jurisprudence according to which it is generally not for itself, but for the courts of States parties, to review or to evaluate facts and evidence, unless it can be ascertained that the conduct of the trial or the evaluation of facts and evidence was manifestly arbitrary or amounted to a denial of justice.
The plan to develop Lo Wu Correctional Institution was formulated and approved. It will transform the site into a cluster of facilities capable of housing 1 400 prisoners. Populating is expected to commence in 2010.
No, no. We're just hang in.
Observing that requests for emergency assistance under paragraph 2 of decision V/32 and part 1 of the interim guidelines for the implementation of decision V/32 have not been submitted by Parties,
That girl gave them the rough edge of her tongue.
In terms of your ability and experience, you are suitable for the post.
12 September 1989a
One of the defendants, Eurico Guterres, was leader of a Dili-based militia group and deputy commander of an umbrella organization for East Timor militias.
Lyn Evans, project leader, told the EuroScience Open Forum in Barcelona that the LHC's first collisions would follow seven or eight weeks later, in early autumn, when Cern races two beams round the tunnel in opposite directions and smashes them together.
; What time does the train to Shanghai depart / What time does the train to Shanghai depart
XVI. Article 21. Freedom of expression and opinion, and access to information 223 - 237 39
Chapman Tse : Graphic design is no long confined to be 2 - dimensional.
Reaffirming the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy, contained in General Assembly resolution 60/288 of 8 September 2006, and recalling Assembly resolution 62/272 of 5 September 2008, which called for, inter alia, an examination in two years of progress made in the implementation of the Strategy and for consideration to be given to updating it to respond to changes, as provided for in those resolutions,
27. At its first, second and fourth sessions, the Advisory Committee held discussions on the issue.
LUXEMBOURG
 (b) Governments should address the need to develop, at the global level, a regulatory framework for offshore oil and gas extraction activities, using IMO as the most appropriate lead organization to undertake this task;
The representatives maintained that the Special Rapporteur's 1997 report had stated inaccurately that on public transportation vehicles women should not sit on seats that were near the drivers and that in public gatherings, including those organized in schools, farms, educational institutions and clubs, women should be separated from men by curtains.
The distensibility of BOF slag was measured by steam test method and the effect of size and ageing time on the distensibility was investigated. These gives evidence for application of BOF slag.
After all, he would be giving Mueller’s prosecutors the goods on some Russian oligarchs close to President Vladimir Putin – folks who are not particularly gentle toward people who betray them.
Item 6 of the provisional agenda**
Canon EF 35–350mm lens
The establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones would contribute effectively to the NPT.
Furniture and equipment
It was concerned by continuing reports of unwarranted police practices, including the use of excessive force, and urged Saint Vincent and the Grenadines to thoroughly investigate complaints from citizens about assault or other abuse by the police.
Our shared goal remains the realization of a two-State solution: Israel and a democratic, viable and territorially contiguous State of Palestine, living side by side in peace and security.
The door's locked, so plainly they must be out.
55. The prevailing global economic and social climate has direct implications for the attainment of the ICPD goals and the MDGs, as well as for UNFPA-supported programmes.
Turning to agenda item 4, he expressed the hope that the Secretariat would clearly define the working relationship between the External Auditor and the Comptroller General's Office to avoid duplication of tasks and identify responsibilities.
The following detail compares the number of expected retirements at these senior levels by department/office with their current staff strength at the Professional and higher categories.
54. The manual will include principles on the effective documentation of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, which would outline minimum standards for States to ensure the effective documentation of torture.
As well, it was said that such an express provision in the Rules might serve a useful purpose at the stage of recognition and enforcement of the arbitral award.
Miners are similarly receiving licences and being given aid in mining their concessions.
3. First performance report for the biennium 2008 - 2009 (A/63/559)
Furthermore, JIU believes that the implementation of the recommendations on this point would result in important issues of conflict of interest.
1; 2 and Add.1; 3
The human development index rose from 0.602 to 0.677 between 2000 and 2010, allowing Algeria to maintain, and even accelerate its rate of improvement, and thus achieve a ranking alongside other countries with high human development according to the criteria set by the United Nations.
She felt her way along it until she stood near her father.
The boy scraped the mud from his shoes.
Algeria*
53. About 40 participants attended the workshop in Tunisia, representing many organizations involved in LADA.
1 USG, 2 D-2, 3 D-1, 13 P-5, 9 P-4, 7 P-3, 4 P-2/1, 4 GS (PL), 15 GS (OL), 4 LL
The Supreme Court, allegedly in a mere 35 minute session, validated these alleged procedural mistakes and violations committed by the investigators and the Court of First Instance.
The information obtained is frequently made accessible to other authorities for purposes other than those for which it was given, without beneficiaries' consent.
Taking note of paragraph 145 of the Final Document of the Twelfth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held at Durban, South Africa, from 29 August to 3 September 1998, which supported the convening of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament, which would offer an opportunity to review, from a perspective more in tune with the current international situation, the most critical aspects of the process of disarmament and to mobilize the international community and public opinion in favour of the elimination of nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction and of the control and reduction of conventional weapons,
Yeah , so, tomorrow's maybe good to also play some doubles.
Post - secondary education in Australia occurs in universities and colleges of technical and further education called TAFEs.
 In the view of the Government of Canada, it may be that evidence showing that a fugitive would face certain or foreseeable violations of the Covenant would be one example of exceptional circumstances which would warrant the special measure of seeking assurances under article 6.
IV. Global geospatial information management
20. During this reporting period three members of the Mladić trial team accepted positions with other institutions.
HelpAge International, an international non-governmental organization (NGO), is piloting an "Older citizens monitoring project" in five countries.
The brochure is being distributed through the United Nations Information Centres and in the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, and is also available on a page dedicated to the question of decolonization on the United Nations home page.
50. The situation in Kosovo has remained relatively stable, although the potential for volatility and instability, especially in northern Kosovo, cannot be underestimated.
Wednesday, 26 October
b. Training courses for participants from developing countries on selected topics dealing with remote sensing, communications, satellite meteorology and space science (1 per year, 12-24 participants per training course);
1. The continental shelf of a coastal State comprises the seabed and subsoil of the submarine areas that extend beyond its territorial sea throughout the natural prolongation of its land territory to the outer edge of the continental margin, or to a distance of 200 nautical miles from the baselines from which the breadth of the territorial sea is measured where the outer edge of the continental margin does not extend up to that distance.
Young Male Offenders:
Moreover, rule 19 of the rules of procedure states that the Bureau of the Commission is to consist of seven members (i.e. four members from Lists A and C combined, two members from List B and one member from List D referred to in the annex to General Assembly resolution 1995 (XIX) as amended).
303. The Regional Director presented the country programme documents for Ecuador, Guatemala and Paraguay (E/ICEF/2014/P/L.13-E/ICEF/2014/P/L.15).
The main recommendations of that round table were: strengthening measures to combat discrimination against people living with AIDS or infected by the virus; promoting a framework to protect people living with HIV and vulnerable populations in order to enable them to have access to, among other things, prevention, treatment and support services; establishing special programmes for women and girls to reduce their vulnerability to HIV infection, in particular by strengthening initiatives to improve the social and economic conditions of women and girls; enhancing efforts to eradicate violence against women; and educating men and boys and increasing their awareness so that they can contribute to making women less vulnerable to the disease.
In 2005/06, the ratio was of 63,193 women to 50,442 men.
On the Xuntang System in the Yongzheng and the Qianlong Period
This is also the case with mobile phones.
Achievements in goal 6, declines in global malaria deaths and increased access to treatment for people living with HIV in all regions, are commendable, but HIV infection remains the leading cause of death of women of reproductive age.
The Jordan and Gaza fields each accounted for approximately one third of total student enrolment in Agency schools, while the other three fields together accounted for the remaining third.
Volvo has about 100,000 employees, production facilities in 20 countries and sales in more than 190 markets.
This is in line with the commitment of the Executive Board to ensure that UNFPA gives priority to the least developed countries in its resource allocation system.
180. In paragraph 383, the Board reported that the Administration agreed with its recommendation to ensure that UNIFIL assess the risk of not assigning unique accounts to military contingents and take appropriate action to ensure the safe use of the Lotus Notes accounts.
Economic exploitation: the situation of children in the "Dargah Area"
128. Convinced that development was the concern of all countries, Madagascar had reiterated at the Summit Conference of Non-Aligned Countries its proposal for the creation of three funds: a monetary or financial fund, an economic and social development fund and a commodity price stabilization fund.
Our Heads of State and Government, gathered recently at the Riviera Maya Summit on Latin American and Caribbean Unity, on 23 February 2010, underscored the interest of the region that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland resume negotiations to seek, as soon as possible, a just, peaceful and lasting solution to the sovereignty dispute over the Malvinas Islands, South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands and the surrounding maritime areas, in accordance with the relevant resolutions and declarations of the United Nations and other international bodies.
And it is Italy that is going home from Germany with the gold World Cup trophy.
48. During 2008-2011, UNDP will:
65. Mr. Jakimovski (The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) said that, in the post-conflict situation of his country and of the region generally, prostitution and trafficking in women had been rife.
(a) Amendments to articles 115, 121, 127 and 161 of the Criminal Code concerning liability for offences motivated by racial, ethnic and religious intolerance, and the recognition of racial, ethnic and religious motives as aggravating circumstances for a range of criminal offences including murder and grievous bodily harm;
83. UNICEF has requested all its field offices to submit comprehensive information on incentive payments made to government employees since 1990.
60. The non-governmental organization Young Women from Minorities organized, in association with the European Youth Centre Budapest, a study session on "Social exclusion and minority women's health" from 11 to 18 May in Budapest.
As illustrated in Table 25, the majority of those assisted under the Poverty Alleviation Programme were recipients of the Family Assistance Allowance.
I had no regular education.
However, assessing the maintenance of ecosystem condition requires evaluating change in land cover over time, and therefore requires time series of comparable data.
Meanwhile, donor countries are unlikely to provide meaningful increases in development funding anytime soon.
Article 20 The creditor of the civil aircraft liens specified in Article 19 of this Law shall register his obligatory rights with the competent civil aviation authority under the State Council within three months commencing from the date of the end of rescue or custody.
291. The Subcommittee recommends that the State party examine its public defence system and eliminate the constraints hindering the work of public defenders so that persons deprived of their liberty have a real opportunity to consult a public defender from the moment they are arrested and to exercise their right to defence and thus prevent or bring to light any instances of torture or ill-treatment.
IOI represents 140 national, regional and local Ombudsman institutions from 75 different countries.
Gross national savings rate
Alpine skiing at the Winter Olympics
1. If being chased through town, you can usually take cover in a passing St Patricks Day parade - at any time of the year
"Recalling its resolution 65/232 of 21 December 2010, on strengthening the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme, and welcoming in particular the use of its technical cooperation capacity for preventing and countering the illicit flow of funds,
The attorney general is overseeing a broad investigation into alleged payments to secure business with New York State's large public pension fund.
Some 35 proposals were considered as complete and eligible by the secretariat and were presented to the QSP Trust Fund Implementation Committee for its review
Thank you very much for telling me all these things about the company.
(e) How can safety issues related to alternatives to HFCs, including in the servicing sector, be addressed?
It's great fun to jump into the river and swim in the hot summer.
Notes
Guided by these objectives and principles,
The cold chain system for vaccine preservation is now well established across all 13 districts of East Timor.
My hunch is that if the Communist Party did hold free elections, it would win by a landslide — especially in rural areas.
B. Session 2 - Ensuring debt sustainability in the wake of the crisis 4
She is in bad health and often feels dizzy.
They will feel that it is evil.
Join the entire business operations the person is penetrated in enterprise's all the time.
Article 57
Telephone Bali Emergency Response Centre 112
"46. Requests the Secretary-General, after consultation with the funds, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to submit a report to the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session of 2005, on an appropriate management process, containing clear guidelines, targets, benchmarks and time frames for the full implementation of the present resolution;
Dissemination and awareness-raising
29. Although many governments as well as regional and international organizations were working on the problem of desertification, it was necessary to launch studies on the root causes and, in turn, the reciprocal impact of desertification on those causes.
35. It was explained that paragraph (2) as redrafted in document A/CN.9/121 was intended to reflect the discussion at the previous session of the Working Group (A/CN.9/508, paras. 51 and 64-76).
Opening of the session.
Hours after the expiration of the moratorium on 26 September, construction work resumed in many settlements.
Similarly, at the Durban Review Conference, States acknowledged "that all victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance should receive the same necessary attention and protection and accordingly appropriate treatment".
I'm on a Iunch break. They make us wear these for work.
She shared her experiences and here looks back on what she found
In modern cities people always think they need a more reliable means of transportation than buses.
The Committee welcomes that, in the period since the consideration of the last periodic report (CAT/C/54/Add.1), the State party has ratified the following instruments:
Under this scheme, vocational training and job counselling and referral are also included;
Moreover, such levels of activity are unlikely to provide employment for more than 8,000 workers.
Comparative analysis of thoracic spiral CT and coronary angiography in detection of coronary calcification
SAARC has lagged behind other similar associations, but the countries of the region are persevering in their efforts to develop both the habit and concrete measures of cooperation.
98. The representative informed the Committee that cooperation was ongoing between the Government, the Myanmar National Committee for Women's Affairs, United Nations organizations and NGOs to provide basic education for every individual, regardless of sex.
Since least developed countries are obliged to undergo the full rigours of the lengthy and complicated process of accession negotiations, this imposes a heavy burden on their limited human and institutional capacities.
Special task person/mobile patrol days comprising 38,318 special task person-days and 1,649 mobile patrol days
thank godalmighty, we are free at last!
I know she's gonna be there.
Because of heightened uncertainties and the reduced prospects of profitable opportunities in a slowing world economy, private capital flows to developing countries declined in 2001.
The Office strengthened its monitoring and reporting capacity through the deployment of human rights officers to countries in which the human rights situations had been deteriorating (the Central African Republic, Guinea, Jordan, Kenya, Lebanon, Mali, Myanmar and South Sudan).
For example, the principle of respect for inherent dignity and individual autonomy laid the foundation for students with disabilities to access the educational centre of their choice and presupposed that education centres would offer the reasonable accommodation required for equal learning conditions.
37. The Office has established 35 new posts since January 1996, bringing the previous approved total from 244 to 279.
Recent literature3 reveals that the conditions of slum dwellers are dramatically different from those of the rural and of the urban settlements.
Even an anodyne diplomatic statement looks hard.
You have a choice, karl.
For enrichment, going from low enriched uranium (LEU) to HEU would take about one week; for reprocessing about a month.
The plans of action also propose several tasks for the Centre itself under the subheading "International action", for which the Commission will have to provide adequate follow-up for their implementation.
What kind of a relationship do you have with Peter Sauber?
The issuing place and date are printed with the exporter's stamp and signature.
technology incubators - SMEs for goods and services in the ICT field
Noting with appreciation the unprecedented reporting on progress by 186 Member States, providing the most comprehensive overview to date of the response at the country level,
(v) Expenditure not in accordance with the intention of the Meeting of States Parties after making allowance for duly authorized transfers within the budget;
Item 104 of the provisional agenda*
51. As stated above, the efficient management of programmes to protect at-risk witnesses requires dedicated witness units to negotiate mutual cooperation agreements, secure attendance of witnesses, provide psychosocial support, and to facilitate other measures for witness protection.
Their management and maintenance are a buffer and an insurance policy against extreme weather events and a rapidly changing climate.
Reiterating the importance of establishing an accurate inventory of assets,
Recalling also the decision of the Commission at its eleventh session that the discussions of the intergovernmental preparatory meeting would be based on the outcome of the review session and reports of the Secretary-General, as well as other relevant inputs, and that, on the basis of those discussions, the Chair would prepare a draft negotiating document for consideration at the policy session,
. There are publications online such as the Annual Review which provides information about our work. Those interested in our current activities may watch the videos and browse the press releases and the Guardian, which is a monthly publication covering our latest developments. A search function is also available to help you quickly find the contents that suit your needs.
114. The Group also observed that there has been no significant progress in the area of civil aviation safety oversight; quite the contrary.
We were dismayed by the actions of the Security Council in July.
A good way to become more approachable is by joining a volunteer organization.
who made a deep impression on me, and I'm sure, on all of us.
Thematic cluster II: staffing requirements
146. The Committee notes with concern that there are various forms of discrimination against women, particularly in the areas of education and employment.
A/58/6 (Sect. 27), A/58/6 (Sect. 28), A/58/6 (Sect. 29), A/58/6 (Sect. 30), A/58/6 (Sect. 31), A/58/6 (Sect. 32), A/58/6 (Sect. 33), A/58/6 (Sect. 34), A/58/6 (Sect. 35), A/58/6 (Income sect. 1), A/58/6 (Income sect. 2), A/58/6 (Income sect. 3), A/58/7 and A/58/7/Corr.1)
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
All procedures are carried out in full respect of the privacy and confidentiality rights of the resident; (d) Toxicology testing: Toxicology testing is an on-going practice at CCF. This is used for both medical and disciplinary reasons; and (e) Family extended visits: as from 2004, all residents being held at CCF are eligible for a periodic Family Extended Visit after one year of incarceration, over and above normal visits as well as any prison leave privileges.
(a) The absence of protocols for handling child victims and witnesses in criminal proceedings;
Representatives of the UTO have been appointed to a number of posts in the Government.
In all circumstances, the judge must be able to have access to any place where the detainee may be held.
There will be one session of each discussion group a week and each session will last approximately an hour.
Thus, the success of the initiative hinges on its ability to secure commitments to action, effect changes in the parameters for action, and promote successful outcomes through effective and transparent accountability mechanisms.
3. Expresses its satisfaction with the reductions of strategic offensive arms being carried out in accordance with the 1991 Treaty as well as the advice and consent of the Senate of the United States of America to the 1993 Treaty in January 1996, and expresses its hope that it will soon be possible for the Russian Federation to take corresponding steps to ratify that Treaty and for the United States Senate and the State Duma of the Russian Federation to approve the Protocol to the 1993 Treaty and other documents signed on 26 September 1997, so that START II can enter into force;
20. United Nations Iran-Iraq Military Observer Group (UNIIMOG)
The Special Rapporteur has recommended that the rights of indigenous peoples as set out in national and international laws should have priority over any other interests and has called upon governments to make efforts to adjust their legislations accordingly.
20. Encourages the Office of the High Commissioner to continue to improve its management systems and to ensure effective and transparent use of its resources, recognizes that adequate and timely resources are essential for the Office to continue to fulfil the mandate conferred upon it through its statute and by subsequent General Assembly resolutions concerning refugees and other persons of concern, recalls its resolutions 58/153, 58/270 of 23 December 2003 and 59/170 of 20 December 2004, concerning the implementation of paragraph 20 of the statute of the Office, and urges Governments and other donors to respond promptly to annual and supplementary appeals issued by the Office for requirements under its programmes;
67. In the post-2015 era, development will depend more on subnational policy actors, such as cities, municipalities, states, or departments, than national ones.
The work is still being pulled out from under a blotter and then tucked back under.
We must keep to the orientation of advanced socialist culture, bring about a new upsurge in socialist cultural development, stimulate the cultural creativity of the whole nation, and enhance culture as part of the soft power of our country to better guarantee the people's basic cultural rights and interests, enrich the cultural life in Chinese society and inspire the enthusiasm of the people for progress.
(i) Guidelines, data sources and technical support in designing implmentation strategies using programmatic approaches, and preparation of prototype project templates on key thematic areas (Benin, Chad, Kiribati, LDC Group, Malawi, Mali, Togo);
As a challenge to international non-proliferation efforts and disarmament in general, the international community must remain engaged in the unresolved but critical nuclear issues related to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and Iran.
1. We recognize that our region has maintained overall peace and stability in recent years and that countries in the region have generally chosen to adopt policies of good-neighbourliness, friendship, dialogue, cooperation and common development.
6. United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
provide that he shall take actions as follows :-
Again, how the 1995 Middle East resolution is handled will certainly be one of several key yardsticks against which the success or failure of the current review process will be evaluated.
Jeffrey Immelt, GE's chairman and chief executive, said he wanted to keep 鈥渢he company safe鈥?in a turbulent market environment by shrinking the financial services unit and relying more on its faster-growing industrial businesses.
But the real challenge is structural transformation.
The Secretary-General has the responsibility to appoint all Secretariat staff, including the Deputy Secretary-General and the Assistant Secretary-General, in accordance with regulations established by Congress and with the approval of the Executive Council.
(d) Progress report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations contained in the report on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa (S/1999/1008, A/54/796);
1. i am not sure about what he said. 2.
Promote environmental industry and consider enacting legislation on recycling
The Executive Summary is presented for the information of Parties as submitted by the consultant and has not been formally edited by the Secretariat.
Actionable recommendations from the Working Group addressed to the Inter-Agency Standing Committee should include, where relevant, prevention or preparedness initiatives.
With respect to trade negotiations, assistance will focus on improving trade negotiation skills of African trade negotiators; enlarging the cadre of African negotiators and increasing interaction among them.
13 October 1996
Mainland/Hong Kong Cross Boundary Businesses and Ethical Management
Sixty-first session
168. In paragraph 288, UNDP agreed with the Board's recommendation that it generate and review a report of reconciling items between the Treasury Module and the accounting records.
According to the administering Power, the plants are owned by three private companies from which the territorial Government purchases the water.
Whether that ability shall be directed toward music or some other undertaking may be decided entirely by forces in the environment in which a child grows up.
Mandate: HRC res. 21/16
7. Sanctions with regard to States and other parties may not be open-ended and should be subject to periodic review with a view to lifting them or not, or to adjusting them, taking into account the humanitarian situation and depending on the fulfilment by the target State and other parties of the requirements of the Security Council.
Or mine eyes seeing this, say this is not To put fair truth upon so foul a face
Slowly feel the grief, the start, the middle and the end
The Council should act immediately to put an end to the suffering of the Iraqi people, whose situation continues to be most tragic.
Wife: Oh, thank you very much. Market Street, Market Street.
Armed violence closes schools, empties markets, burdens health services, destroys families, weakens the rule of law, and prevents humanitarian assistance from reaching people in need.
As you work, take pride in the fact that you're doing the same thing professional filmmakers do, at least those in the documentary business
Of these, 179,497 Sierra Leonean refugees returned with the assistance of UNHCR while 92,494 returned spontaneously.
19. On 17 June 2004, the Chamber convicted Sylvestre Gacumbitsi of genocide, crimes against humanity (extermination and rape) and acquitted him of a crime against humanity (murder).
I"ll write you as soon as I get there.
Deputies to the National People's Congress and people's congresses at various levels are persons who have made contributions to the state and society or have served the people in an outstanding way.
Some of them are definitely perfect scenic spots.
71. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted the draft decision without a vote (see para. 81, draft decision XXI).
Let us recall that the new regional financial architecture that we are proposing -- which is already being implemented in Latin America -- is first and foremost a development bank, in the form of the Bank of the South, which has already been created in name.
Indicators
Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA)
My delegation believes that the best way to control the arms race is to seek to resolve seemingly intractable international political disputes by persuading the parties to resort to dialogue and to resolve their problems as swiftly as possible through diplomacy.
The Court's judgements have played an important role in the interpretation and clarification of the rules of international law, as well as in its progressive development and codification.
155. The progress report also discusses the measures taken to reduce segregation, among the main components of which is the Integrated Pedagogical Programme, with a budget of around 7 billion HUF funded with domestic resources, which is aimed at creating equal opportunity for disadvantaged children at nursery and at school.
Ms. Walsh (Canada) said that recommendation 24 provided examples of the degree of precision of the regulation governing the grantor identifier that was required for an effective registry in order to ensure a common legal understanding of how to enter the grantor's name. Such advice was required by both registrants
It is worth pointing out, however, that used tyres should be purchased with great care, as there are risks involved.
(2)The doctor had to call off all his appointments for the day and rush to the hospital.63.for good : (permanently, forever)for good and all(1) Ruth has gone back to California for good
The President: I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Fayssal Mekdad, chairman of the delegation of the Syrian Arab Republic.
How bright and welcome the sun looked as he rose to the surface coughing and spluttering
29. There was also some concern that provisions regarding the improvement of the annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly, as well as provisions regarding the submission of special subject-oriented reports, had not been implemented.
"10. We recognize the vulnerability of the commodity-dependent developing countries, in particular the low-income countries, to market fluctuations and stress the need to support their efforts for the diversification of exports as a means of increasing export earnings and improving terms of trade and to address the impact of the instability of commodity prices.
Would you please put it on top We demand better pay.
Investors have begun 'to realize how potent the new FDIC-backed bank paper could be,' said Jim Vogel, an analyst at FTN Financial, who recently noted that there is some debate over how explicit the government's guarantee of Fannie Mae- and Freddie Mac-backed debt is.
Ministerial dialogue
To ensure the effective delivery of its programme of work, the subprogramme will continue to forge partnerships at different levels and draw upon the strengths, capacities and synergies with the UN-Water and UN-Energy mechanisms to leverage support from other United Nations agencies, The Secretary-General's Advisory Board on Water and Sanitation, the regional commissions, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the International Energy Agency (IEA), the Asian Development Bank, the Inter-American Development Bank, African Development Bank, the Global Environmental Facility, and the e8 electricity utility partnership.
You go out of my sight, but never go out of my missing for you.
if the quality of your product makes us satisfing, we will go on.
Tourist attractions in Cuyahoga County, Ohio
The specific actions proposed under the global plan of action are designed:
Fifty-second session
4. Television sets per 100 inhabitants
For instance, in such a case, selecting the lex situs as the law governing priority would not be an efficient policy decision, as different priority rules might apply with respect to the various assigned receivables.
Adoption of new instruments
According to staff at the mortuary, the body was left there on 15 November 2005 by unknown persons.
 The rate experts at both the Headquarters Travel Unit and the United Nations Office at Geneva are highly trained specialists in international fare construction, equipped to deal competently and efficiently with the rate desks of airlines and travel agencies.
It is proposed that the advisory group be implemented as soon as projects other than the SEEA revision are taken up by the Committee.
Ant Hill
Children's work also affects their physical fitness and health and leads to behaviours that are not appropriate for their age, such as drinking or teenage pregnancy.
Maritime space
And Moab will be shamed on account of chemosh as the children of Israel were shamed on account of Beth-el their hope.
I will go to look for the moon of that night.
This is considered sufficient for the roughly 270 facilities, mainly police stations.
Most people do. At my house, we compete to see who gets to share the good news.
It would not duplicate but would seek to coordinate, facilitate and strengthen.
Islam in Malaysia
The standpoint identifies particularly vulnerable groups, including those who risk being accused of loyalty to the previous Qaddafi Government, and internally displaced persons belonging to particular minorities.
After sign-up, documents will be sent to the subscriber via
On the contrary,I've been giving it some thought, And we should be able to save agent hellboy.
11. Consistent with paragraph 38.22 (h) of Agenda 21, UNEP should take action to continue to support joint meetings of heads of convention secretariats to ensure that the work programmes established by the conferences of the parties and the substantive support provided by UNEP are complementary, fill gaps and take advantage of synergies.
ADB Commonwealth Secretariat
The increasing trend of medical tangle and its high compensation has been a problem to hospitals.
It switched to the Allies when Japan's defeat became inevitable.
He commanded much respect for his honesty.
If you like martial arts novels, you do not need to feel ashamed in front of A Dream of Red Mansions;
8 May 1996
It includes recruitment procedures, procedures for discharge from military service, reintegration into society, public awareness measures, punitive action to be taken against transgressors, reporting measures, submission of recommendations and cooperation with international organizations, including UNICEF, ICRC and the United Nations Resident Coordinator.
It also stipulates that the District Court in Belgrade is the court competent to decide on war crimes cases.
( The 1990 Amendments expanded the permit requirement to all major sources and all new plants. )
There is, therefore, no need to bring this issue to the General Assembly for discussion.
With a view to detecting the virus at an early stage, the national programme on HIV/AIDS and STIs is extending its coverage to second-level hospitals and maternity facilities, where rapid HIV tests are available as a strategy for the early detection and effective prevention necessary to control the epidemic.
MAINTAINHe maintained a speed of 60 miles an hour on the highway
Flip Flip / Update surface buffers.
This blocky humanoid, its torso formed of fluid black rock, glows with a red inner light. Molten lava oozes from its great fists.
Serbia
However, a number of possibilities can be distinguished, as discussed below.
I always regarded the aesthetic side of dentistry to be as important as the "health" side.
So we find we have Successthough being strong and very courageous in following spiritual law.
In accordance with Security Council resolution 1593 (2005), the Prosecutor presented his eighth and ninth reports to the Council on 3 December 2008 and 5 June 2009, respectively, on the status of the investigation into the situation in Darfur.
Road traffic offences;
2. The situation in the Great Lakes region.
14. Demands that all parties immediately cease all forms of violence and human rights violations and abuses against the civilian population in South Sudan, in particular gender-based violence, including rape and other forms of sexual violence as well as all violations and abuses against children in violation of applicable international law such as their recruitment and use, killing and maiming, abduction and attacks against schools and hospitals and calls for specific and time-bound commitments to combat sexual violence in accordance with resolution 1960;
The machine can complete the operation of trimming and scoring of corrugated paperboard at a time.
- looking after visiting high-ranking foreign delegations
I also called on all parties concerned to desist from any action that may lead to further violence and confrontation and urged them to cooperate with the Monitoring Committee and my Special Representative in the resolution of outstanding issues on the basis of mutual respect and accommodation.
24. The GM will continue to service Parties with updated information and relevant advice on UNCCD financing, financial drivers and barriers to SLM, as well as cost-benefit analyses of SLM investments.
Don't worry, Someday you'll get a chance to take a similar trip.
Lighting towers in 16 locations
The assessment missions established the stages of capital market development in each country and identified the type of technical assistance/support needs and the measures for improving access to existing support structures and services.
Mine I must improvise to his because of his great size.
The United States gives more to Haiti than any other country. But it ranks 11th in per capita giving.
Proposal from Papua New Guinea for amendments to the Kyoto Protocol.
A valuation was carried out as at 31 December 2011.
How? I didn't clock any cars coming by, Are you getting this?
Weekly meetings with United Nations agencies and international and local non-governmental organizations operating in southern Lebanon on the coordination of recovery, development and humanitarian assistance in the area of operations
No additional software is required
Colombia, Jamaica, Panama, Peru, Sri Lanka, Suriname, United Arab Emirates, Uganda, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
commutation rejectio
" Diana, it was discovered later, first came to the attention of the royal family when she acted as a bridesmaid for her sister Jane's wedding that April.
"Arriving at the buffet party a little too late, " says Mr Chow, "they are more aggressive than Europeans or Americans. "
A little taken aback, I replied, "Why would you want to do that. "
6. Acknowledges the contribution of preferential market access to the economic growth and development of LDCs and reiterates its appreciation to LDCs' trading partners who have granted or have taken initiatives toward granting duty- and quota-free market access to LDCs for all products of export interest to them, and invites other trading partners of LDCs who are in a position to do so to take similar measures;
The meeting was suspended at 4.45 p.m. and resumed at 5.25 p.m.
Central African Republic
Tests were performed in stirred tanks, with volumes between 5 and 50 litres
Guidelines regarding relationships with the organizations mentioned in Article 19.1 of the Constitution were established by the General Conference in decision GC.1/Dec.41.
The emphasis on the ethics training programme and the zero-tolerance policy built a solid foundation for the establishment of procurement professionalism with strong ethics.
But still we werent sure we could beat them.
The author got all his friends to write blurbs for his book.
Nubécourt
Just think about it - pert and perky butt. -It may be too late for me for that. -Never too late.
In the spring I touch the branches of trees hopefully in search of a bud the first sign of awakening Nature after her winter's sleep.
The importance of Web sites in disseminating information to the public was stressed.
A study of bidding behaviour in situations where bid rigging is suspected might identify patterns suggesting customer allocation or bid rotation.
Submitted the "Accreditation of Academic and Vocational Qualifications Bill" to LegCo
Therefore, the study says, "relying on IQ scores as a measure of intelligence may overestimate the predictive validity of intelligence. "
Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. Stockholm, 22 May 2001
Or to be strictly accurate, Misty didn't mention it, and since he didn't, Trinket was more than happy to pretend to have forgotten.
Recalling its resolution 55/2 of 8 September 2000, by which it adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration, and in particular paragraph 15 of the Millennium Declaration, in which the heads of State and Government undertook to address the special needs of the least developed countries,
And thou shalt take two onyx stones, and grave on them the names of the children of Israel: Six of their names on one stone, and the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their birth.
(iii) Promote and lead joint evaluations and system-wide evaluations with respect to gender equality;
In response to this invitation, the UNCCD Executive Secretary joined the Joint Liaison Group.
the plice have arrested eighth people who  at the begining of this month 6. The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.) .
7. The Board of the Institute met in Geneva on 10 and 11 November 2009 and 22 and 23 June 2010.
Estimate 2010-2011: 22
9.4 The Committee recalls that article 29 of the Convention requires States parties to ensure that persons with disabilities can effectively and fully participate in political and public life on an equal basis with others, including by guaranteeing their right to vote.
It was a pretty blunt statement, with a fair amount ofsubtext.The meaning, however, seemed clear: her Majesty was then,this isnow, and Reid is a modern kind of guy.
Girls
Don't act anxious and unable to do anything, find ways to circumvent the problem.
We request you urgently to review this situation and its inevitable consequences.
M. Communication No. 1551/2007, Tarlue v. Canada
All the speeches were taken down in shorthand.
Bronze a supermodel glow & sleek , sculpted cheekbones. This satiny pink & bronze powder a perfect 10!
The Support budget
UNICEF needed to use evidence to build partnerships and influence decision-making on legislation and resource allocation.
18. Requests the Commission, in the context of its annual report, to report to the General Assembly on the implementation of its decisions regarding the harmonization of the conditions of service in non-family duty stations during the transition period;
In that connection, he welcomed the recent developments in the Russian Federation with respect to START II and the CTBT.
"9. Reiterates the need for stable, adequate and predictable financial resources for the United Nations Environment Programme and, in this regard, underlines the continued need to increase United Nations regular budget funding for the cost of servicing the secretariat of the United Nations Environment Programme and the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum in accordance with section B of decision I of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme at its seventh special session;
Women in ministerial positions
Germany, in particular, has, as is very well known in this Conference, spared no effort to come to this decision, and Germany will spare no effort to bring the FMCT negotiations to a successful outcome.
Hide ago Ur smile, whicher the state loves a clhave.
B. Impact of biotechnology in developing countries
Shut the fuck up. l'm sick of your shit.
Those consequences could not be separated, since modern capital markets were organized in ways designed not so much to generate income and employment but to obtain profits from the purchase and sale of assets.
86. Mr. Endresen (Norway) said that a multitude of policies, laws and practices were being implemented in the name of combating terrorism and to the detriment of human rights in many countries.
One person made up a story with all the catch phrases: I got up in the morning and did several push-ups. Then I was sent to get some soy sauce by my family.
We look forward to working with you, Sir, in the coming months as you conduct your open-ended consultations.
A net increase of 664 posts is proposed, comprising the establishment of 751 new posts and the abolition of 87 posts.
(h) To ensure that women subjected to violence have full access to the civil and criminal justice systems, including access to free legal aid, where appropriate, court support and interpretation services;
42. Welcomes the Government of Afghanistan's desire to assist the Committee in the coordination of listing and delisting requests and in the submission of all relevant information to the Committee;
Monitoring and assessing executive actions through, in particular, oral and written questions to ministers, motions, committee hearings etc., and submitting an annual "green accounting" report on the state of combating poverty and natural resource degradation as well as on progress achieved; mobilizing public opinion and raising awareness of sustainable human development and desertification issues through, inter alia, campaigns, annual events (World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought on 17 June), special parliamentary debates, environmental education and the involvement of schools, academics, artists and the mass media, as well as commemorative postage stamps;
Price differentiation doesn't last long but customer service does.
Population Newsletter, No. 83 (January-March 2007).
(a) The HKSAR shall exercise a high degree of autonomy except in defence and foreign affairs and enjoy executive, legislative and independent judicial power, including that of final adjudication.
(b) To send reminders to States parties as follows:
For convenience, standbys are commonly classified descriptively (and without operative significance in the application of these Rules) based on their function in the underlying transaction or other factors not necessarily related to the terms and conditions of the standby itself.
In the risk evaluation of the European Community, a health risk was identified from the mixing of TBT-based paints due to the release of TBT to the atmosphere during mixing.
(d) That strategic planning, performance monitoring and reporting should be coordinated by a central strategic management unit at the highest level of the Programme;
so to speak Our editor in chief is, so to speak, a king in the office.
Programme planning [118]
The thought of the unfinished task weighed heavily on my mind.
Please explain the difference between mediation and invitations to counselling by the Office of Social Affairs.
III. MILLENNIUM DEVELOPMENT GOALS AND GENDER MAINSTREAMING
Soy sauce chop was really nice!
Of course, in the event that anti-missile defence systems were deployed by individual countries or military-political blocs, such a mechanism would be senseless since the national anti-missile defence system of the United States of America would constitute the major impetus for missile proliferation.
I've no idea where my shoes are.221.
Like all the other legal employments, artist is common yet deserves respect.
84The parents did not expect that their childs question was too hard to give a reply. 85, However, there are still thousands of young people who are hard to find a job in that country
Well, we have cone to the same thing then.
42. The Agency is still evaluating the results of the PIV carried out at UCF in April 2013.
E. Geneva Conventions and other treaties on international humanitarian law
Umm, this is for me (The picture) yes?
The prevention and control of environmental pollution and ecological destruction and the rational exploitation and utilization of natural resources are of vital importance to the country's overall interests and long-term development.
Those were also the commodities that experienced the largest price loss.
Notwithstanding, achieving gender balance in political life remained challenging, and the Government was working to implement the National Programme on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men to achieve greater balance among men and women in political and economic decision-making.
The question of whether to increase the number of staff (in accordance with the recommendations voiced by MONEYVAL in its report on the 2nd evaluation of Liechtenstein, see attached summary) is being considered by the Government as part of its budget discussions.
The old man is the father of that PLA soldier.
She has Been indiscreet with some young fellow.
It is rather [This word usually adds little and should be omitted. ] for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us: that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion; that we here highly revolve that these dead [Usually "these" should be followed by a plural noun.
The International Monetary Fund reported that the macroeconomic environment had been less favourable than envisaged, unemployment and poverty remained high, especially in Gaza, and real incomes in the West Bank and Gaza were reduced by the sharp rise in inflation.
"Decides that all states shall:
Furthermore, different spellings of the names as well as lack of information in many cases about the identities of the persons, institutions and companies contained in the list pose considerable difficulties for the Turkish financial investigating and law enforcement authorities.
Somalia
Haiti
He says it is time to set an even more ambitious target.
This provision was particularly important to the British Virgin Islanders now residing in the United States Virgin Islands.
The European Union also expresses its support for the Security Council in its continued handling of this matter.
Item 8 of the provisional agenda
A: Freshwater
In this regard, the Monitoring Group has received information that Hiiraale has coordinated Darod/Marehan infiltration into Kismaayo with Hassan Galad, a Hawiye/Habar Gidir/Ayr former warlord once part of JVA.
S/Agenda/3661
The country was in desperate need of training for professionals -- doctors, lawyers, accountants and engineers.
Romania
“Every asset allocator I have contact with is chasing the best return they can get,” he said.
410. Regarding the issue of poverty, some commentators have argued for establishment of a "poverty line".
Networks and communities of practice have started collaborating to develop methods and tools to increase the use of space-based information and services
7. Compensation for damage and illness not internalized in costs
Given recent developments at the United Nations, including high-profile procurement irregularities, he would like to know the status of efforts to deal with what seemed to be a much bigger problem than most had thought.
Under this Programme the first national Center for victims of domestic violence was set up with the support of UNDP.
I got the impression that they knew each other and they were a friendly lot.
Article 8 - Awareness-raising 28 - 37 9
Several incidents were reported, including one on 24 December 1996 in which police detained several travellers, confiscated their documents and demanded payment of money for their return.
According to the observations in the past 40 years, the annual number of tropical cyclones landing over the south China coast within 300 km of Hong Kong has been decreasing at a rate of about 0.17 per decade, from about 3 tropical cyclones in the 1960s to about 2.5 tropical cyclones in the 1990s.
Yes, ma'am, your landscaper.
The diatomite has good radioactive decontamination and decolorization performance as a kind of sewage treatment agent.
"(q) Reducing nuclear danger;
Expressing appreciation, in this context, for the technical role of the United Nations Environment Programme in building cooperation linkages among the small island developing States of the Caribbean Community, and in facilitating the assessment by them of the implications of their adaptation to climate change, which will guide future United Nations Environment Programme climate change programmes in the region,
Chapter 6
Capacity-building activities directed towards developing countries whose communities are most affected by the impacts of ocean acidification, owing to their dependency on organisms vulnerable to acidification, is critical.
All of us were worried about him.
His hatred of you burns with a lurid flame -the flame that never dies.
Successive drafts of a document concerning the purpose and objectives of such a conference, exploring the different angles of a comprehensive reconstruction process, had previously been submitted to the Group and discussed by it.
You may make your mind easy, said the doctor; he is dead
6. Notes with concern that the posts approved by the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/247 A and B for on-site audit and investigative services in the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia have not been filled, and calls upon the Office of Internal Oversight Services to fill these positions without any further delay;
* Following the adjournment of the 32nd meeting of the Fifth Committee.
Our story has its setting in ancient Rome.
Washington, D.C.
I. Organizational, administrative and other matters
 Thirdly, in the case of natural disasters, preventive measures are more cost-effective.
The world system made up of human society and the environment could be summed up as three production: material production, hominine production and environment production.
That tremendous clap of thunder nearly gave me heart failure.
2. Health
(m) Implementation of the Regulations Governing the Status, Basic Rights and Duties of Officials other than Secretariat Officials and Experts on Mission (A/61/1029).
Agenda item 132: Programme budget for the biennium 2014-2015 (continued)
Thursday, 6 November 2008, from 11.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room B;
You have to be more careful,or you will lost your job.
27. Mr. Gustafik (Secretary of the Committee) said that Armenia, South Sudan, Georgia, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, Mali, the Dominican Republic, Monaco, Senegal and Burundi had joined the list of sponsors.
- General Assembly resolution 67/73, entitled "The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East, which reaffirms the importance of Israel's accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and placement of all its nuclear facilities under comprehensive IAEA safeguards, and calls upon that State to accede to the Treaty without further delay, not to develop, produce, test or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons and to renounce possession of nuclear weapons;
14. Emphasizes the importance of preserving unity of command in missions at all levels as well as coherence in policy and strategy and clear command structures in the field and up to and including at Headquarters;
The Chinese Communist Party is the ruling party of socialist China and the representative of the interests of the people throughout the country.
654 We"ve booked a Western-style room for you.
The UNAMI team will also promote close coordination between the Commission and other such institutions, drawing on critical lessons from elections conducted in 2009 and 2010.
diabetic product
LETTER DATED 26 MARCH 1999 FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL COMMITTEE ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO
UNCDF unexpended resources as at 31 December 2000 were $70.9 million ($89.6 in 1999), including $38 million in the operational reserve.
40. Mrs. GUSTAVA (Mozambique) said that the plight of children deserved consideration commensurate with the commitments made at the World Summit for Children.
D. Payment or relief to others
Public information
29. CRC was concerned at the growing number of street children, especially in Managua, and recommended that Nicaragua provide street children with recovery, adequate nutrition, housing, necessary health care and educational opportunities.
We're having difficulty recruiting enough properly qualified staff.
When disaggregated by sex, the rate among men increased from 8.2 to 9.0 per cent between 2009 and 2014 and is projected to marginally decline to 8.9 per cent in 2015.
The President raised the issues contained in some of the communications, under other matters, in informal consultations, whenever it was deemed essential.
But today's Africa, we must note, has never had so many democratically elected regimes and so many economies undergoing promising reforms.
There was a need for greater public awareness, more equitable financial assistance, strengthened coordination among international actors and action to combat the silence that prevailed in some humanitarian crises.
The last weekly addendum (S/2008/10/Add.42) covered developments up to 25 October 2008.
The mission's troops continuously monitored the activities of those forces and urged them to redeploy from the Abyei Area.
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
Please let us have information as to the price and quality of the goods.
1854 works
In the same resolution, the Assembly noted the recommendations of the Committee that the Secretary-General submit proposals for revisions to programme 7, Economic and social affairs, of the medium-term plan so as to reflect the review by the Assembly at its current session of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, from 18 to 22 March 2002, and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held in Johannesburg, South Africa, from 26 August to 4 September 2002, and requested the Secretary-General to submit those proposals through the Committee, at its forty-third session, for consideration by the Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
9.1 Metadata
62. It is not known how many children depend on the streets for their survival or development.
AA.
The suspected man was seen to enter the bar.
25. He welcomed the progress made in drafting a comprehensive convention on international terrorism and suggested that the definitions of terrorism contained in regional instruments might be of use to the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996.
It is the view of the Republic of Korea that a voluntary moratorium, although important, cannot replace the legally binding commitments that would be undertaken through the signing and ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
When I reach to touch her arm, she pulls away.
In this respect it also referred to paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 61/72, by which the General Assembly decided to address the issue of conventional ammunition stockpiles in surplus in a comprehensive manner.
Among other actions, the Board recently announced the dismissal of two employees and issued warnings to five others.
The fragmentation of our civilian efforts leads to a waste of resources.
I agree, if you have experience in biz, it helps a lot.
without proper consideration or reflection.
Today we face a great challenge: not to disappoint them.
9. The 279th report of the Subcommittee on Petitions, Information and Assistance (A/AC.109/L.1720), approved by the Special Committee on 15 May 1990 (see para. 4), contained the following conclusions and recommendations, on the basis of which a number of activities were undertaken in connection with the Week of Solidarity:
(f) A requirement for an annual report-back mechanism to the Executive Board.
D.2.1 A State party should deal specifically with every article in Parts I, II and III of the Covenant; legal norms should be described, but that is not sufficient: the factual situation and the practical availability, effect and implementation of remedies for violation of Covenant rights should be explained and exemplified.
Try different side streets go through stores in a different order anything to change your route.
Issues and proceedings before the Committee concerning admissibility
The challenge is to how to support capacity-building in these countries for energy sector reforms and technology transfer to help them achieve their renewable energy targets.
They were scheduled to hold talks with him Wednesday.
A. Introduction
he knows that unless i arrest his son, they can leave whenever they want, which is why i'm trying to find out if we were able to break darren's alibi.
1994-1995 Peace-keeping operations
Mr. PEREIRA GOMES (Portugal), speaking on behalf of the European Union; the candidate countries Croatia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia; the stabilization and association process countries Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia; and, in addition Armenia, Georgia, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Moldova, said that the question of cluster munitions must be dealt with urgently and effectively.
Homework
They stressed the importance of national ownership and capacity building in the planning and implementation of post-conflict peacebuilding activities, and that these must be based on the principles and purposes of the UN Charter and international law.
In its June 2012 meeting, the International Chamber of Commerce was able to secure representation from Brazil, China, India, the Russian Federation and South Africa.
27 United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire
Medjnoune, 1297/2004
404. For the text of the decision as adopted, see chapter II, section B, decision 2000/105.
The Fund continued to outperform in the 7- and 10-year periods.
'There are a billion people on the Internet, which means there are five billion not on it,' said Paul Hoffman, a California programmer who created the standards behind the so-called internationalized domain names.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee will soon begin to examine national reports.
31 July 1989(*)
Census Year
It should also focus on crimes against humanity, genocide and crimes against national minorities, and ethnic or religious crimes.
Parties expect more clarity on the type of guidance that could be given to the GCF to be developed after the next meeting of its Board, scheduled for October 2013.
Properly calibrated accession conditions which keep in view the baseline conditions in the developing countries concerned, factoring in their trade, development and financial needs, would help positive adjustment and economic and institutional upgrading.
[EXT] Legal Information Centre for Human Rights
When Sonnet starts, the RootViewController first attempts to load cached plist data from the disk.
Among other things,
Then as I left the restaurant alone, I heard a little girl ask her mom if I was a princess.
if Scott got hurt and came at them with malice later with a lawsuit.
"(ii) When the programme mandates in the opinion of the Secretary-General have become obsolete;
It asked about measures to ensure equal remuneration for men and women and to combat sex tourism which affects children.
Report of the review of the initial report of Hungary. Note by the secretariat
14. The National Security Adviser, Dr. Rassoul, noted that despite unfortunate incidents such as civilian casualties, culturally insensitive raids on houses and the arrest from time to time of innocent people, there was still overwhelming support for the presence of international security forces inside Afghanistan.
This is a concise English Chinese law dictionary for use In Hong Kong.
However, the national security forces of these countries lack the full range of resources and capabilities in areas such as logistics, intelligence gathering and air power, to effectively deal with the problem on their own.
The importance of information-sharing through the establishment of a single database was also emphasized.
(b)
241. In stipulating that habeas corpus may not be invoked against actions by subjects of private law, the Constitution is not making any discrimination, since there exists also the remedy of amparo, which is broader in scope.
-4: I can think of one person who has more elbow room than she needs--the Queen of England
Little girl considers the reason is that she doesn't take bath for her bunny punctually on which the tower papa is angry.
86. The Committee concluded that a key factor in providing interpretation services to regional and other major groupings of Member States was a sustained effort by intergovernmental organs, in cooperation with the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services, to predict the availability of such services.
The information repository should take into account existing information systems such as the Locator Information System (CILS) of the Committee on Earth Observation Satellites (CEOS).
Dialogue with host Governments and other counterparts and urge that the sociocultural, economic, political and legal environments be conducive to the advancement of women and gender equality.
To love a being is to render that being transparent.
In the autumn that year a baby girl was born.
But the overthrow of the Government of Mobutu Sese Seko after 31 years in power cannot alter the fact that it drew on approximately US$ 50 million in public funds to pay and arm mercenaries in a desperate attempt to remain in power.
Yet representatives of the Saudi regime lamented human rights violations in her country and repeated lies that no reasonable person could now believe, speaking as if they did not know that that their country had founded ISIS and trained mercenaries and jihadist terrorists to send to the Syrian Arab Republic and were unaware of their Government's despicable human rights record.
17. Intercultural dialogue, as a process that comprises an open and respectful exchange between individuals and groups with different ethnic, cultural, religious and linguistic backgrounds and heritage, plays an important role in enhancing knowledge and awareness of differences and commonalities among groups, leading to acceptance of diversity as a source of enrichment, tolerance and inclusiveness.
It covers the activities of the Population Division on the analysis of fertility, mortality and international migration; the preparation of world population estimates and projections; the monitoring of population policies; the analysis of the interrelations between population and development; and the monitoring and dissemination of population information.
And it tells us that those values, in addition to being widely shared by the citizens, are becoming entrenched in multilateralism, in institutions and in international law.
In 1666, British planters took control of the islands and the Territory attained the status of a British colony.
In view of our long-term business relationship, we make counter-offer as follows:
Ms. Bernadette May Evelyn Butler (Bahamas)
Austria*** Bahamas**
We will give higher priority to geological work to improve prospecting for and exploitation of natural resources.
XI. Facilities at the Bali International Convention Centre
87. Cuba will continue working to improve its human rights promotion and protection system.
It was not a combat, it was the interior of a furnace; there mouths breathed the flame; there countenances were extraordinary.
He was surprised at his weariness when he act into his room, forgetful of the fact that he had been on his feet and working without let up for fourteen hours.
Agenda item 120: Programme planning (continued)
In fact, there are many similarities and striking complementarities between the Declaration and the human rights treaties.
During the summer of 1993 and in the following months, UNHCR registered about 10,000 Ethiopian refugees who expressed the wish to be repatriated to their country of origin.
It will be recalled that, apart from the export of mineral ores, the mainstay of the Congolese economy used to be the export of timber, either as lumber, cut lengths, veneers or plywood.
The term "space activities" is defined as the launch, the flight operation or the guidance of space objects in outer space (art. l (b)); "space object" is defined as any object launched or destined to be launched into outer space (art. 1 (c)).
you, whose voice has dried up, wander begging. . . with eyes that seem to be breaking along with your slender arms.
International ammunition technical guidelines
Consolidating and strengthening the status of agriculture as the foundation of the national economy and increasing the income of farmers by all means.
It's no business of yours.
One should not confuse the percentage stated as dividend yield.
This is particularly crucial for gas supplies.
However, if a position is converted to a clerical position, the norm does not apply.
Furthermore, the influence of the author's statements on racial or religious hatred was considered by the Paris Court of Appeal, which held that by virtue of the fact that such statements propagate ideas tending to revive Nazi doctrine and the policy of racial discrimination, they tend to disrupt the harmonious coexistence of different groups in France.
Recent developments in the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas of the Administrative Committee on Coordination
53. Mr. Vahnavati (India) agreed that there was a need for a new, less restrictive definition of rape and sexual assault, as was recognized by the National Commission for Women, which was seeking to introduce amendments to that effect in the Indian Penal Court.
The committee may, when considering reporting under the mercury instrument, wish to take into account the reporting requirements set out under the Basel Convention.
Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, the Bahamas, Barbados, Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Colombia, Congo, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Guyana, Jamaica, Liberia, Mongolia, Panama, Poland, Solomon Islands, Togo and Trinidad and Tobago joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
UNRWA faces the principal challenge of maintaining the level of its services within those resources.
UNEP/GC/24/10 State of the environment and contribution of the United Nations Environment Programme to addressing substantive environmental challenges: Report of the Executive Director
What is needed is a deeper search for ways of pre-empting and managing conflicts by exploring every possible diplomatic avenue and giving attention and encouragement to even the faintest sign of dialogue or desire for reconciliation.
13. Also emphasizes the importance of international cooperation, including financial assistance, to assist States, upon their request, in their national efforts to strengthen administration of justice;
The Taliban leader, Mullah Omar, is reported to have indicated that Shariah did not permit such punishment.
You are forbidden to leave before I come back.
Dajia River
19th meeting
He may have been in the father's house but he never shared in the longings of the father's heart over the younger son.
35. Referring to the 36 undertakings achieved with regard to the protection of children in armed conflicts, 9 of which had been implemented, her delegation wondered what the Special Representative and UNICEF would do in order to achieve the implementation of the other commitments and how they would collaborate with each other.
The PSI aims to help prevent trafficking in WMD and related material, by both state and non-state actors.
Nuclear-weapon States should abandon the policy of nuclear deterrence based on first use of nuclear weapons and should reduce the role of nuclear weapons in their national security.
But the computer company actually loads XP on the new hardware, in place of Vista, before it leaves the factory.
UNCITRAL, in pursuing this work, would enhance its position of leadership within the international commercial community and could bring the cooperation between countries in international financial reorganizations and insolvencies to entirely new levels.
256. In reply, President Deiss stated that his country's natural commitment to an international order founded on the rule of law could be explained by the fact that the Swiss political culture implied three fundamental aspects: federalism, direct democracy and pragmatism.
On energy and climate change – another G8 topic – he said the emerging economies, as well as the US, must be persuaded to play a “positive role”.
Voice
At the close of the meeting, in accordance with rule 55 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, the following communiqué was issued through the Secretary-General in place of a verbatim record:
Energy
In order to simplify the work of earthquake damage predictions, this paper presents a method for the earthquake damage prediction of building groups based on multiple factors.
As has often been stated, the security and stability of Sierra Leone cannot be fully ensured while the conflict in Liberia persists.
84 mm Carl Gustaw
He agreed that future scale should be based on estimates of gross national product, and that there should be a gradual phase out of the scheme of limits.
These secrets of the inner tribunal of the conscience are known only to the tomb, where souls enter naked.
(a) To facilitate the Partnership and to provide support to it through the Senior Programme Officer;
Every of us gained a gift from the Santa on Christmas Eve. 6.A good medicine tastes bitter
Since the decisions for such Parties call for close monitoring of the progress of those Parties with regard to their implementation of their plans of action, they are all included in the table of deviations below.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee
It's devoted to promote golf culture, let more golf fans know golf, enjoy the artistic charm from the traditional sport.
They can be grouped into the following areas: (a) policy and partnerships; (b) ownership; (c) use of country systems; (d) mutual accountability; (e) predictability; and (f) harmonization and alignment.
He's very sick. He needs medication.
8. Many speakers welcomed the report of the Executive Director on development, security and justice for all: towards a safer world (E/CN.7/2006/5-E/CN.15/2006/2) and expressed appreciation and support for the work of the Office in 2005 in the areas of peace and security, poverty eradication and the rule of law and good governance.
Similarly, the South-East Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty, signed in Bangkok last December, goes beyond non-proliferation and deals also with issues of nuclear trade, nuclear safety and radioactive waste.
A Saudi Arabia-based charity, Al-Haramain raises almost $30 million a year in donations.
For instance, China, Japan and South Korea plan to move towards a free-trade agreement.
"4. Further requests the Working Group to reassess the appropriateness of substituting an approach based on cooperation for its present 'adversarial' method of work which, in fact, propitiates unnecessary confrontations between the Working Group and States concerned;
282. The Committee, while welcoming that a children's information centre is being set up by the National Council for Child Welfare to include all indicators related to different aspects of childhood, regrets that the information on the extent and prevalence of sale, trafficking, child prostitution and child pornography is insufficient, and that there is no centralized system of data collection on child protection issues.
Some infants develop bronchopulmonary dysplasia, a scarring and inflammation of the lungs, from the oxygen treatment.
Theme for the 2008 thematic discussion of the Economic and Social Council (E/2008/L.1 and E/2008/SR.3)
1. Fulfilment by States parties of reporting obligations
Finally, we demonstrate how fair value measurement influences the rate of return on equity (ROE) by case study.
Fine, I'd want them out. Whatever.
(c) improving the systems to ensure the availability of detailed management information on procurement activities.
Achieving this vision requires an approach that is transparent, inclusive and built on mutual respect and accountability, in short "nothing about us without us".
21. His Excellency Mr. Tassos Papadopoulos, President of the Republic of Cyprus
The Iraqi Government is also continuing its policy of imposing law and order in confronting terrorist groups, armed militias and outlaws, including those working to sabotage the political process and undermine security and stability in Iraq and the region.
(b) A compilation prepared by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) in accordance with paragraph 15 (b) (A/HRC/WG.6/12/TGO/2);
He is a substitute player of the team.
35. The increase in civilian construction in the buffer zone may be a consequence of greater confidence in the security situation.
In particular, the Centre reached a preliminary agreement with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) during 2002 to cooperate on weapons destruction and stockpile management events in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Peru.
Article 28 It shall be prohibited to take out of the country any cultural relics of significant historical, artistic or scientific value, with the exception of those to be shipped abroad for exhibition with the approval of the State Council.
Contents
There is an entrance for delegates only at GA-032A. Sale of publications
Now you've got a gal in your wrecked truck with a missing leg?
6. The Hague Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft of 1970, acceded to in accordance with the decree promulgating Act No. 19/1979;
And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.
68 each complete
The text that we have adopted takes into account proposals made by various delegations and strikes a suitable balance.
Our company is losing a lot money to similar products being sold on the gray market.
A housing deficit appeared, according to data of the National Housing Policy from 5 August 1994.
6 May 2002
Press releases (issued/expected)f
3. Stresses the importance of the question of interaction between culture and development, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to accord priority to this theme in its work;
They had never really told him why, just that they did not have enough money for him.
Thanks, Sargent answered.
When a default is created, use sp_bindefault to bind it to a column or to an alias data type.
(Bonaparte Napoleon, French emperor ) . B.) We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
We're private investigators hired by kentucky'husband to find her killer.
it is as hard to pass her by without giving her some money as it is to ignore the collection box in church.
Roman Catholic dioceses in the Central African Republic
80 would live in substandard housing 70 would be unable to read 50 would suffer from malnutrition 1 would be near death; 1 would be near birt
The common ground between the two parties has shrunk, but it has not quite disappeared.
The object cannot be replicated because the database is not replicated
Women have often played an important role in British history.
9. An application must be submitted indicating whether he refuses combatant duty.
United Republic of Tanzania
2. Minute of silent prayer or meditation.
No. I flashed on a FULCRUM agent but I didn't see her face.
If you are looking for somewhere to rent. I think there's a vacant apartment in my buiding.
He's had two or three good days here to see the levels of professionalism.
76. Courses and seminars offered under this programme component follow the Centre's practical approach to training, with panels of experts drawn largely from the mass media themselves.
Noting also that international humanitarian law has been an important topic during the United Nations Decade of International Law, which will come to a close in 1999, fifty years after the adoption of the Geneva Conventions, and that the importance of this body of law will be highlighted in the context of the celebration in 1999 at The Hague and in St. Petersburg of the centennial of the first International Peace Conference,
(i) Extend the notion of volunteerism as an additional valuable component of national development planning to development cooperation policy.
9. Table 2 of the annex summarizes the number of persons engaged, the number of contracts awarded, the total number of days worked and total fees, by nationality and contract type, for 2000.
To organise symposium to solicit opinions on the revision of the Patent Law.
V. African Union
Percutaneous drainage of the hepatic necrotic mass was complicated by a bacterial infection for which he was treated with antibiotics.
It is my very favorite gun.
Among mothers with young children (in the 0-12 age group) this figure has increased from 69.4% to 71.5%.
The flounder said, "You want too much and I can not give you any more. "
The Assembly would also request the Secretary-General to ensure proper follow-up to the present resolution and to report thereon to the Assembly through the Commission at its twenty-second session.
As at 22 October, 6,130 anti-personnel mines, 3,481 anti-tank mines and 7,408 bomblets had been cleared.
Acknowledging the complexity of the Mission,
At his initial appearance, on 29 December 1999, he pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him.
II. Positive aspects
Turner Wright is a marathon runner first, an adventurer second, and a writer through it all.
States are being dragged into arms build-ups with a view to maintaining strategic balance.
6.1 On 30 January 2008, the State party submitted its observations on the merits of the complaint.
49. In order to move forward on the implementation of the framework for coordination of external aid, a high-level technical group has been established that includes the Office of the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Planning and External Cooperation, the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General and United Nations Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator and members of the Group of 12 donors in Haiti.
The participants adopted a report containing a summary of their discussions and a list of their recommendations (E/CN.4/1997/3, annex).
Acknowledging the importance of providing the Organization with a comprehensive and coherent framework to respond effectively to the challenges of a rapidly changing environment for industrial development,
Post adjustment classification is based on the cost of living (post adjustment multiplier) as reflected in the respective post adjustment index for each duty station and is expressed in terms of multiplier points.
Ifsubst
2.I request an interviewand assure you that if appointedI will do my best to give you satisfaction.
These are custom made Service Dog made to your specifications.
Iraqi police say a suicide car bombing at a police training center in the southern city of Nasiriyah has killed at least one policeman and wounded more than 20 other people.
 6. In view of the above I am planning for my Special Envoy to hold a first round of discussions in late November with both parties, under United Nations auspices and with the Russian Federation present as facilitator.
The analogy is rather farfetched.
(b) The offence is committed on board a vessel flying the flag of that State or an aircraft which is registered under the laws of that State at the time the offence is committed; or
3. A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart
USS San Diego
Financial assets as per statement of net assets available for benefits
86. A net decrease of 514 posts and positions under Integrated Support Services is attributable to the abolishment of 513 posts (7 P-3, 2 P-2, 46 Field Service, 5 General Service (Other level) and 453 national General Service) and 3 United Nations Volunteer positions, offset by the increase of one redeployed United Nations Volunteer position and the establishment of a new National Officer post.
A. Funding
You need to play sharp here, not a natural.
4. At the 19th meeting, on 22 October, an introductory statement was made by the Chief of the Global Policy Branch, Division for Sustainable Development, Department of Economic and Social Affairs (see A/C.2/64/SR.19).
Tracking initiation and data association are key techniques of multi-target passive tracking by single observer.
About 60 percent came from broken homes.
(18) "The Kingdom of Spain declares, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article 17 of the Convention, that it does not consider itself bound by the procedure for the settlement of disputes stipulated in paragraph 2 of Article 17."
(c) Encourages the involvement of national institutions in preparations at the national, regional and global levels for the special session of the General Assembly for followup to the World Summit for Children;
In these agreements, negotiators seem to have carefully chosen the right words so that States parties could later pose questions in order to clarify what the international community actually wanted.
The 2. 4 scheduler divided time into epochs, and within each epoch, every task was allowed to execute up to its time slice.
National staffc
when using dry ice , wrap the refrigerant in paper or another carton to slow the melting rate and prevent excess space.
The transfers imply, therefore, an increase in the military capacity of the Government forces in Darfur.
Finally, the Committee requested the Government to provide information on the opinions issued by the relevant advisory bodies following changes in the procedures for the consultation of the persons affected by employment policies, and to transmit any examples of reports or recommendations that they have adopted.
Made with white and wild rice, onion, celery, and a hint of rosemary.
It is complemented by the Metrobus, a surface transportation system which links with the underground network.
 15. The Resident Coordinator and disaster management team member agencies in-country have primary responsibility for alerting the Emergency Relief Coordinator (the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs) and the headquarters of the member agencies to signs of an impending complex emergency and for recommending appropriate preventive and preparedness actions.
Each of the Platform's global, regional and subregional or eco-regional assessment reports, thematic and methodological assessment reports and synthesis reports, as defined in section 1 of these procedures, should, except for those assessments approved for the fasttrack process, be preceded by a full scoping exercise approved by the Plenary to develop the report's draft outline, explanatory notes and means of implementation, as appropriate.
Squalidus atromaculatus
Her experience shows how easily young women can get into trouble abroad.
Nouvo City Hotel
HUMAN RIGHTS, IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 15 (C) OF THE
II. SITUATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS BY SECTOR
Will: Pirate
On our way to the Post Office Boris and I discussed the book.
29. Referring to paragraphs 34, 35, 37, 50 to 55 and 90 of the Secretary-General's report on assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa (A/62/316), he stressed that the majority of those affected by conflict were women and children, who were thus in need of particular protection.
Article 4-218 of law No. 03-03, published in the Official Gazette on 29 May 2003, regards as an act of terrorism:
' She sprang forward, and bursting into tears, threw her arms round my neck.
Jeremy Wright
Arrested (12)
(g) As regards youth unemployment it was stressed that short- and long-term strategies and policy instruments must be combined.
(a) New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support
10. In opening remarks, ministers and their delegations were informed that all evidence pointed to continuing environmental deterioration, including an unprecedented rate of biodiversity loss, and that greenhouse-gas emissions remained the most significant risk to sustainable development.
;1. [20:06.19]2.I'll let out those   trousers for you
The crisis in Rwandan prisons.
 It is true, we acknowledge that we do so, and it cannot be otherwise, because our people are ready to defend their independence and their achievements at all costs.
I would also like to extend a welcome to our colleagues who are taking part in a meeting of the Conference for the first time — the ambassadors of the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea and Turkey.
6 December 1982
In our view, Ibero-America is undergoing unprecedented social and political change.
4. On 21 April 2000, at 0430 hours, three Iraqi nationals (one of them named Qhasem Khalaf Moshari) who intended to illegally enter the territory of the Islamic Republic of Iran were arrested by Iranian forces at the 39R TQ 18000-09000 coordinates of the Hosseinieh map.
One delegation said that, despite achievements in this area, there was an urgent need for improving and accelerating progress, both at country and headquarters levels.
Professor Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, the Independent Expert leading the study, and Ms. Rima Salah, UNICEF Deputy Executive Director, made brief presentations on Study-related activities in the last six months, including on an Inter-agency meeting held in New York on 2 March, and a children's meeting in May during which children prepared a child-friendly version of the report and its recommendations.
The Special Rapporteur was also informed that police pilot projects addressing violence against women are frequently implemented in urban areas, such as Pretoria, Durban, Johannesburg and Port Elizabeth, but not in rural and remote areas.
He is the 207th Palestinian to die while in Israeli custody.
The first is that there may have been a reduction in illicit manufacture of heroin and cocaine, which is at odds with the evidence presented earlier in the present report.
Provision has been implemented on an ongoing basis.
Allow the charity to keep all the proceeds, while you benefit from the increased traffic.
By 2012, the firm said, that cost likely will have jumped to $105 a barrel.
I have a dream I have a dream that my four children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
I am convinced that the possibilities created by new technologies are almost boundless, and through these partnership projects we intend to exploit them to the fullest possible extent.
Reform of the international financial and economic system and architecture
PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE OF IRAQ TO THE UNITED
(j) Some contractors only partially followed the recommendations issued in 2009 in document ISBA/15/LTC/7, and some did not follow the recommendations at all.
The Committee understands that the terms of reference are still under review and that this position will be made available within existing resources.
This system, also used by many national and international courts, is considered efficient and provides the judge maximum flexibility to organize his or her work, instead of having to do so through the Registry, as was proposed initially.
"7. Encourages Governments to intensify and expand the availability and accessibility of research on the operations and contribution of cooperatives and to establish methodologies for the collection and dissemination of comparable global data on and the good practices of cooperative enterprises, in collaboration with all stakeholders, and to raise public awareness of the nature of cooperatives, their strengths, their values and principles and their contributions to sustainable development;
Nero
Our theory will be especially appropriate in the problem of the spontaneous emission of a collection of dependently emitting atoms or molecules with essentially random dipole orientations in a photonic crystal with a photonic pseudogap.
The schedule below is tentative; up-to-date information can be obtained
The people behind occupy Wall Street could follow suit if they wanted.
The plane blasted into the air like a bullet shot out of a rifle, and soon we were at 2, 000 feet and climbing.
Fruits go bad easily in summer.
Sanction regimes of the future should be established only when absolutely necessary and should be specifically targeted, time-bound, subject to regular review and lifted when no longer necessary.
Legislation provides for mandatory filtering of content, and many Web sites have been blocked for reasons that range from facilitating the use of drugs or stimulants to offenses under the Law on Crimes against Atatürk (the founder of the modern Turkish state and Turkey’s national hero).
Integration of PMTCT and paediatric treatment interventions into the Integrated Maternal, Newborn and Child, Health (IMNCH), child survival programmes and national health systems.
The results of the Committee's review are reflected in its report.2
)  42.You have Tupperware in your fridge with three bites of rice or one leftover chicken wing  43.You don"t own any real Tupperware -only a cupboard full of used but carefully rinsed margarine tubs,takeout containers,and jam jars
Emergency Appeal -- In-kind Subtotal
C. Launch of the second phase (2010-2014) and adoption of the related plan of action
Tunisia noted Yemen's commitment to human rights and democracy, demonstrated by the cooperation with the United Nations mechanisms and the enactment of laws.
Koltermann Peak
Phase three, beginning in 2006, was characterized by the consolidation and enhancement of human capital investments.
1976-1979 Director for Legal and Treaty Affairs, Department of Foreign Affairs.
18. So far, most ECE operational activities have been undertaken by the regional advisers with backstopping from regular staff members involved in normative and analytical work.
You gotta go clean up.
Why you shave off your beard?
Taira no Kanemori
Confucius, "benevolence" as the core of education, very much value morality, honesty, integrity, character education.
If the number of candidates obtaining such majority is less than the number of persons or members to be elected, there shall be additional ballots to fill the remaining places, the voting being restricted to the candidates obtaining the greatest number of votes in the previous ballot, to a number not more than twice the places remaining to be filled; provided that, after the third inconclusive ballot, votes may be cast for any eligible candidates.
Sites for internally displaced persons are concentrated in the five towns of Bangassou, Rafai, Zemio, Mboki and Obo.
We take this opportunity warmly to thank the heads of State of the region and delegations at that summit for their work leading to the steps already undertaken.
On that day, twelve F-16, one C-130, two C-160 and one propeller aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the northern part of the Nicosia flight information region, violating international air traffic regulations as well as the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus.
The smooth and timely deployment of MINURCA was evidence of the improved capacity of the Field Administration and Logistics Division to deploy the troops required to start up a mission within a very short period of time.
According to recent estimates, over half of the developing countries continued to be saddled with insurmountable debt burdens that greatly inhibited their progress.
Various technical advisory services provided to activities that promote regional cooperation and that are co-sponsored under the auspices of the Programme are described below.
Q. Article 3, paragraph 12 quater
In order to facilitate this dialogue, and in accordance with article 9 (1) of the Convention and article 65 of its rules of procedure, the Committee drew the attention of the Government to a list of questions regarding which it was requested to send responses by 31 December 2005, so that they could be examined at its sixtyeighth session, to be held from 20 February to 10 March 2006.
Annual allowances
Ministry of Defence
The indigenous Tibetan population and the representatives of the other minorities not only play a leading role in affairs concerning local autonomy, but fully participate in the formulation of the principal policies of the State and in decision-making at this level.
165. Various communities have evolved distinctive hunting traditions.
10. Provision is made for the rental costs of premises, non-recurrent provision for the alteration and renovation of premises, as described in annex II.C, as well as for maintenance supplies and services and utilities.
There is a high variability in the quality of NAP documents and in the state of their preparation, within and between regions.
For the kingdom of God does not consist in words but in power.
The midterm review of the strategic plan lists three strategic outputs under United Nations development coordination, together with corresponding performance indicators, baselines and targets, as stated below.
It was established as an independent intergovernmental body that focuses on government needs.
The Special Prosecution Office
While Switzerland was prepared to accept guidelines on the implementation of the right to development, it had reservations with regard to an international legal standard of a binding nature on the issue.
In order to return here it is first necessary to get out.
When he reappears, you will be automatically facing him thanks to your locking system.
Paragraph 5 provided that the item would be included in the agenda of the seventy-first session.
(b) Case study report on the best policies for development information and communication infrastructure;
In 2005, Mr. Greenberg stepped down amid an accounting scandal.
2011, Third Session
Article 10: Education 118 - 137 29
The author submits that this unilateral review, which does not include a public hearing, does not permit the supervisory review procedure to be treated as a remedy.
(2) Over the past three years, how many inspections have been conducted on the factory buildings each year? How many cases of rooftop structures have been recorded in these buildings each year? How many cases were prosecuted and how many of them were successful? What was the penalty levied? For the cases that were not prosecuted or prosecution was unsuccessful, what were the reasons?
Also, African countries' efforts towards sustainable development had been hindered by the various recent crises, by climate change and by unfulfilled commitments to provide them with financial resources, technology and capacity-building.
Meetings of co-sponsors
To go with Emily was of no use , for who could really talk to anyone in the presence of his own wife ?
The number of women availing of microfinance nonetheless suggests that microfinance makes a difference in their lives and those of their children.
Among the leaders expected to attend the ceremony were Defence Minister Yitzhak Mordechai, Interior Minister Eli Suissa and Deputy Housing Minister Meir Porush.
As a result, he developed chronic pain in his joints, pain in his feet while walking and itchy skin.
The principle of the minimum necessary use of force for the shortest necessary period of time must always apply.
Taking note of the progress achieved during the examination of the draft rules of procedure on mediation and conciliation,
I draw the line at coming home drunk.
Apart from having absolutely no weapons of mass destruction and lacking the capacity and infrastructure to manufacture them, it is fully cognizant of the serious threat that would be created should such materials fall into the hands of terrorists.
(b) The after-service health insurance liabilities are based on an actuarial valuation and represent the present value of the accrued liabilities, net of retiree contributions.
If you litter, you will spoil the natural beauty of the surroundings. 58.
The efficiency of the use of UN resources should be further enhanced through integration of resources and programs with full consideration and accommodation given to the legitimate concerns and demands of developing countries.
Work was also under way to provide a broader response to climate change within the United Nations system as a whole.
Still, UNICEF needs to do more to encourage attention to affected or vulnerable children and adolescents in country proposals.
The General Assembly resumed its consideration of agenda item 47.
We would also like to express our gratitude to the 2010 Chairs of Working Groups I and II, namely, Mr. Paolo Cuculi of Italy and Mr. Johann Paschalis of South Africa, for their efforts to conclude their work.
Access to military intelligence facilities was, on the other hand, denied.
Regrettably, coordination does not always occur or it occurs with different degrees of effectiveness, as discussed in more detail below.
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
III. Recommendations of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
A key aspect of this will revolve around situation analysis, to ascertain the level of conflict and fluidity of the situation before an appropriate degree of integration is determined.
In the White Sea nature reserve for white whales one can swim with these wonderful creatures or even touch them.
Article 115 With respect to the written judgment, order in writing, conciliation statement, arbitration award and document evidencing creditors' rights provided by the creditors to certify the creditors' rights, the maritime court shall, if ascertaining that the above-mentioned documents are true and lawful upon examination, make an order to have them affirmed.
583. There is a large body of special legislation regulating specific cases of expropriation and establishing special procedures in these cases.
Its implementation is possible only when the relevant borders are sealed and the local Croatian Serb party decides to cooperate with the Croatian Government to satisfy its economic and humanitarian needs.
"Acknowledging that acts of enforced disappearance are recognized by the Convention as crimes against humanity, in certain circumstances,
It will be headed by an Under-Secretary-General and governed by a multi-tiered structure comprising the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council, the Commission on the Status of Women and an Executive Board.
Designing of municipal works ( bridge ) started in 1985.
I would like to discuss with you the problem of agency for your slippers.
you've hired,welcome to our company you can begin employment next Monday You get the job,so when you can start i'm quite expressed with your experience,you can have the job you are hired,welcome to our company you can begin employment next monday you get the job,so when can you start
According to the latest UNRWA report, the Palestinian Authority owes the organization $89.77 million in tax returns.
You look pale -- what's up?
237. At the 45th meeting, on 24 July, the Chair of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women made a statement (under item 14 (a)).
After about an hour or so, the man had calmed down, and started to think: Maybe there was something he really needed to buy with that and he really didn’t ask for money very often.
2. United Nations Development Fund for Women
 62. During a mission to Swaziland, discussions were held on the possibility of providing international support to the national organization for the care and rehabilitation of offenders.
For example, in the Jiguamiandó and Curvaradó communities in the northwestern department of Chocó, private companies cultivating African palm started establishing this plantation on the land soon after its inhabitants were displaced in 1996 as a result of a major military campaign by the army and paramilitary forces against guerrilla groups.
But when he met privately with a family member at his firm earlier this month, something clearly was amiss.
Ways to help you include: Avoid blaming, never say you this, you that and always voice it with I statements and talk about goals, healthiness and not about things that are going wrong between the two of you
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia authorities refuse to do so.
This emphasis on the demographic aspects of sustainable development was also underlined by China in its sustainable development strategy, China Agenda 21 - the White Paper on China's Population, Environment and Development in the 21st Century, as highlighted by its initial national communication.
Have you ever gone to a doctor or tried to get help
Governments whose armed forces recruited children generally had little capacity to act.
31. In this context, the evaluation team sought to assess long-term, economy-wide development impacts at the programmatic level and medium-term outcome changes among direct beneficiaries at the core product level as well as to highlight how measurable results chains could be developed for each core product.
s about three young men who roamed in Beijing called We Have a Dream. Interesting
Agreeing that legally binding security assurances by the five nuclear weapon states to the non-nuclear weapon states parties to the Treaty strengthen the nuclear and non-proliferation regime, (Taken from 2000 NPT Final Document)
110. Given the absence of gender-based statistics, the National CEDAW Committee, in collaboration with the Technical Office of the National Population Committee, has made use of in-depth studies carried out in preparation for adoption of the national population policy.
40 visits to police-contributing countries to conduct selection assistance tests for individually deployed United Nations police officers and assessments/ inspections of formed police units
Refer to chapter III for a detailed discussion of the concepts included in the figure.
Agenda item 81
Paragraph 3 of the present resolution envisages such an approach.
Mobile
African American Society for Humanitarian Aid and Development
As in the last case, honeycomb cysts often predominate in the peripheral and subpleural lung regions (Figure 2).
Pre - Friday, U.S. stock index futures higher across board.
For the vision of assembly robot, realizing the invariant shape recognition of mechanical workpiece is the base.
Sixty-sixth session
City dwellers are expected to make up three quarters of the world's population by 2050, with almost all the growth in the developing world.
That company supplies paper to the printers.
We wanted to have something special if you really have a good day on Wall Street.One bank in Kazakhstan offered a diamond-encrusted credit card for well-heeled clients with incomes over $300,000.
Another member said that the international trade criterion was satisfied by evidence of trade in the substance subject to the final regulatory action regardless of whether the substance was used as a pesticide or as an industrial chemical.
Worst of all, he have no hope of shaking her resolution.
"If you had talked to me thirty years ago, I would have said it's easy to start a company, " he says.
Maybe it's a potential recruit.
EXISTING INTERNATIONAL DRUG CONTROL TREATIES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BASIC PRINCIPLES OF THE CHARTER
 That process has borne fruit, and the recent signing of the treaty of peace between Israel and Jordan has given a new dimension to the process.
The note by the Secretary-General should therefore have elaborated on the difficulties encountered, as well as on the implications of the experiment for the Organization's human resources management policies, as requested in paragraph 16 of the resolution.
The new review of its potential health risks found that the number of tumors in rats did not increase in relation to the dosage of aspartame fed to the animals.
29. In accordance with article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and rule 65 of its amended rules of procedure, the Committee requests the State party to provide information, within one year of the adoption of the present conclusions, on its follow-up to the recommendations contained in paragraphs 11, 15, 19, and 22 above.
How, moreover, can the prevailing trend towards social deprivation, even in many developed countries, be reversed and "recognition of the inherent human dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family [which] is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world" promoted in accordance with the principles stated in the Charter of the United Nations, when we know that, as the preamble to the two international covenants on civil and political and on economic, social and cultural rights says, the ideal of free human beings enjoying civil and political rights and freedom from fear and want can only be achieved if conditions are created whereby everyone may enjoy his civil and political rights as well as his economic, social and cultural rights?
High vacuum will speed up the cooling process while it makes the mass loss increase.
41. States parties should ensure that their constitutions and legislation comply with the principles of the Convention, and in particular with articles 7 and 8.
The majority found that the Tribunal had jurisdiction over the crime of terror under article 3 of the Statute.
Can you please tell me the way to st. paul's cathedral?
People from Corsica
Meetings were held with the Prison Development Committee and the prison director and other high-ranking officials on the development of national training strategies and the recruitment of core prison staff.
Article 28 Inventories refer to merchandise, finished goods, semifinished goods, goods in process, and all kinds of materials, fuels, containers, low-value and perishable articles and so on that stocked for the purpose of sale or production and consumption during the production operational process.
By the way, My English is not well, But I am studying diligently, and hope can achieve communicates ability with you.
once opportunites come to you with the hope of success,but it work out only by it..
(ii) subject to the effective control of the sponsoring State or its nationals;
To downgrade the role of CPC in planning, programming and budgeting activities, or to call for its outright abolishment as some delegations had done, contravened the spirit of that resolution and was unacceptable to his delegation.
:: Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights
"Governments and UNEP have to play a major role in the preparation for the 2002 review of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development at the regional and global levels and ensure that the environmental dimension of sustainable development is fully considered on the basis of a broad assessment of the state of the global environment.
Sometimes women used the very fact they were female to dissuade the victim from "telling" ( "who would believe you? " ).
Such subdepartments are already operating in the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Dagestan, the Stavropol territory and the Moscow region.
Now, Mr Bones--'That's not my name,' he interrupted.Much I care,' returned the doctor
(4)It is high time thatIt is high time that the issue were to be solved so as to promote the economic development.
89. The United Nations supported the successful launch of the Somaliland Justice Law No. 36/2007 by Somaliland Ministry of Justice which aims to achieve justice for children by introducing provisions protecting the rights of children in legal proceedings.
Section E provides an assessment of the scope and details of the implementation of the 1993 SNA.
Whatever it is, Martin's always got to have the latest.
We are storing them in an array in memory.
We confirmed the EU's objective of devoting 0.7 per cent of its wealth to ODA by 2015.
Nevertheless, as mentioned in paragraph 33, the said Ministry, utilizing its full power and internal facilities, is working to achieve the aforementioned goals.
Reaffirming also that, while democracies share common features, there is no single model of democracy and that democracy does not belong to any country or region, and reaffirming further the necessity of due respect for sovereignty and the right to selfdetermination,
With improved retrieval approach of water quality parameters, technology of Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) and forecast model of algal bloom, the blue-green algal bloom forecast platform was developed.
156. Reports should also indicate:
Effects of atomic radiation: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/55/568) [82]
Convinced of the need to address, for instance, in the context of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations the rise in all parts of the world of religious extremism affecting the rights of individuals and groups based on religion or belief, the situations of violence and discrimination that affect many women as a result of religion or belief and the abuse of religion or belief for ends inconsistent with the Charter of the United Nations and other relevant instruments of the United Nations,
Mr. Ulli Mwambulukutu
The following year, Owens won four gold medals at the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin
56. Forests serve a multitude of economic and social functions.
Movement of personnel:
(a) Express its views on the progress of work of the Committee of Experts on Environmental-Economic Accounting on coordination (section II.A) and promotion and implementation of environmental-economic accounting (section II.B);
In Asia, the female advantage in life expectancy increased, rising from a very low level in the 1950s.
Representatives who abstain from voting shall be regarded as not voting.
67. Mr. Cato (Philippines) welcomed the reforms being undertaken by DPKO to improve the capability of the United Nations to respond effectively to conflict situations and supported the proposal to create a 2,500-strong corps of civilian peacekeepers and the proposals for the creation of a standing police capacity and an enhanced, rapidly deployable reserve capacity.
Later that year, the Committee commented that, in the case of Peru, the right of indigenous peoples to be consulted and to provide their informed consent prior to the exploitation of natural resources on their territories was not fully respected in practice (CERD/C/PER/CO/14-17).
Moreover, in the case of ISIL, the potential to use seized funds to resource future terrorist attacks is another risk, and may even be a factor in some of the more opportunistic announcements of affiliation by Al-Qaida-associated groups.
For Zhang Jie we mainly investigate his moral quality and official quality combining with historical materials.
"But the space program is a long-term investment in our future.
A second substantive dialogue has been requested by the Committee.
Convening of 12 high-level consultations with the parties to the conflict to facilitate the implementation of the Darfur Peace Agreement and subsequent agreements on critical issues, such as the disarmament of the Janjaweed and other combatants, the protection of civilians and humanitarian access, the establishment and consolidation of the institutions envisaged in the agreements, the conduct of local elections and the referendum on the permanent status of Darfur
Eleventh
For all its cathartic importance, however, Mr Mubarak's trial must not be allowed to obscure the guilt of other former officials.
Upon the resumption of the meeting later the same day, statements were made by the representatives of Bulgaria, Slovenia, Austria, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Belarus, Pakistan, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iraq and Croatia.
New Zealand
Certainly, heavy TV viewing is bad for one’s physical and mental health.
In September they published details of a technique to estimate the age of a suspect from blood left at a crime scene.
Reaffirming the respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all States, including their right to control their own borders,
8. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-seventh session, under the item entitled "Sustainable development", the sub-item entitled "Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy".
Friday, 18 September 2009, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 2; and
An additional briefing on the humanitarian situation was scheduled for 14 January.
3. Reaffirms the role of the Executive Director of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme in coordinating and providing effective leadership for all United Nations drug control activities so as to increase cost-effectiveness and ensure coherence of action, complementarity and non-duplication of such activities throughout the United Nations system, and encourages further efforts in this regard;
Im real sorry ALFY.I was going to tell you,but              Awhh,its ok.Anyway,I have a present for you
This modest improvement occurred despite a decrease in foreign donations.
Apart from the abovementioned benefits of electronic filing of tax return, Internet Filing provides more benefits as follows
75. The Government should finally decide upon a solution to the problem raised by the wartime law abolishing occupancy rights and the dubious application of this law.
Guatemala
This in effect created a high base, from which the February 2008 growth rate was calculated. 2
Some researchers have suggested that the gap between desired and actual fertility is partly due to inadequate institutional adaptation to changes in gender roles and insufficient provisions to mitigate the potential conflicts women and men face in order to combine economic independence and the rearing of children.
  And of what would you write: Of love?
1995-033A
Then, add half a cup of sugar.
2. Expresses its appreciation for the outstanding achievements of the School and for the valuable contribution it continues to make to the education and development of successive generations of children from the United Nations community;
The Sudan was committed to continuing its cooperation with the relevant human rights machinery and expected similar cooperation in return. It hoped that the appropriate bodies would fulfil their obligations objectively and impartially and achieve the goals set forth in the peace agreements.
When the team transplanted a combination of the three lab-grown heart cells into mice with simulated heart disease, their heart function improved.
The report of the African Union Chairperson in this regard will be directly circulated to the Council.
It is. Why do you ask such a question? To make out your character.
On one level, the difference between dancing on a floor and skating on ice is the lack of friction.
IAU urgently appeals to the nations of the world, through the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, to subject projects of a potentially harmful nature to prior international consultations before it is too late.
264. The State Labour Inspectorate under the Ministry of Labour and Social Welfare has regularly performed planned and unplanned inspections in organizations, and no violations against women with regard to hiring or equal pay for work of equal value were identified.
II. Support to Non-Self-Governing Territories by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations
That must be done, because we cannot accept -- as I noted at the outset of my statement -- Israel's continued occupation of the territories, as has been the case since 1967.
Some republicans to hear the Obama a diehard this after the speech also changed the position, to support senator Obama.
I also strongly encourage donors to scale up their utilization of the Government's PricewaterhouseCoopers facility in the delivery of assistance.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/62/SR.38 and 51).
(4) The Committee takes note of the fact that some countries in which Bolivian migrant workers are employed are not yet parties to the Convention, which may constitute an obstacle to the enjoyment by those workers of the rights to which they are entitled under the Convention.
 4. The Committee considered the item at its 6th, 7th and 39th meetings, on 5 and 6 October and 23 November 1994.
8. With regard to capacity development activities within the Financing for Development Office, Mr. Trepelkov informed the participants of the current work aimed at strengthening capacity in finance ministries and national tax authorities, including the "United Nations Course on Double Tax Treaties" and the practical workshop of the United Nations and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on the negotiation of double tax treaties.
Similarly, the second sentence of paragraph 45 provides for a coastal State to check that the flag State has issued an authorization to fish.
Thus, although States are required under the Convention only to take steps to prevent transboundary accidents, the accidents themselves, especially in the case of natural disasters, occur within the State, and the State's due diligence obligation revolves around domestic prevention of internal industrial accidents.
A 22-year—old Tibetan woman, in flight from China via Nepal to India, was allegedly raped 12 times by a group of Nepalese men led by a police officer on 15 and 16 December 1996.
China road numbering
Gill's report surveyed 900 men on their reasons for going to the pub.
After surviving the surf, it's time for the rock-hoppers to live up to their name.
Her mouth is very sweet; what she is going to say is depend on the people she talks with.
:: 12 visits to major financial contributors, key troop- and police-contributing countries and other Member States to discuss and advise on field support issues
So if I get something done, like epoxy the hatches of the kayak I'm building, it's a great day.
65. In another effort to unblock the impasse in the implementation of the Lusaka Agreement, the Secretary-General appointed General Abdulsalam Abubakar, former Head of State of Nigeria, as his Special Envoy to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The responder then copies the correlation ID of the request message into the correlation ID of the response message.
272銆丄ll has gone well with our site work plan.
; [Chapter Thirty-four Role Models ; [You're the pride of our profession.
Over the past five decades, the IAEA has stood firm as the central body dedicated to promoting the safe and peaceful uses of nuclear energy, as well as to stemming the spread of nuclear weapons.
So now you see. This Garden of Eden story is not just about a piece of fruit.
Gets or sets a value indicating whether the user can drag column headers to reorder columns in the control.
II. Expenditure by subprogramme
America needs to abandon its deals with authoritarian regimes and encourage democracy the world over.
It was noted that the project was based on the realization that the applicable international standards on prison regimes, namely the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners, which had been in existence for more than 50 years, might require an updated and supplementary set of rules specifically for women prisoners.
The court held that school officials authority to dismiss teachers.
208. The view was expressed that the formulation of article 11, paragraph 2, was particularly significant and fully reflected the importance ascribed to the prevention of statelessness.
553. The representative of the Office of Internal Oversight Services introduced the report.
Thank you for a great weekend.
It remains to be seen, however, whether MTN and Reliance Communications can reach an agreement.
VI. CONSULTATIONS WITH THE UNITED NATIONS SYSTEM 46 - 51 11
The Committee recalls its general comment No. 32 on article 14, which guarantees the right of all persons charged with a criminal offence to be informed promptly and in detail of the nature and cause of the charge against them.
Core resources decreased by 11 per cent to $16.9 million in 2012 (including a $2.3 million allocation by UNDP) due to fiscal constraints of donor Governments and exchange rate fluctuations.
Objective To investigate the effects of traditional Chinese massotherapy for insomnia.
" Humphrys says the original culprits in the destruction of English are "business gurus who are trying to sell their own particular theories and have invented their own ridiculous phrases and vocabulary to accompany those theories
(c) Culture and development;
In the words of the Charter itself, "The education and training system seeks to give material expression to the principle of equality among citizens, including equal opportunity for all, and the right of all to an education, as guaranteed under the Constitution of Morocco, including both boys and girls, and regardless of whether they live in rural or urban areas."
United Nations
In the interest of recognizing new rights, today we will adopt the draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
It takes strength to stand alone, It takes courage to lean on a friend.
Alumni by medical school in the United States
6.3 The State party explains that, in the instant case, the author has contradicted himself on numerous occasions.
Injury of personnel as a result of acts of violence
You know what? Get with the program.
Rapporteur: Mr. Khalid Alwafi (Saudi Arabia)
There was a need for a deeper reflection on how to address concerns over inadequate resources, including the obstacles relating to the unfulfilled commitments to aid, unsustainable debt burdens and restrictions on labour flows from developing to developed countries, and lack of technology transfer, in particular with regard to quality.
455. The Committee recommends that the State party:
The production of the groundbreaking Gender Guidelines for Mine Action Programmes in 2004 catalysed the mine action community, and served as a model for other sectors of United Nations work.
There was no significant difference at other time points.
The activation switch should be somewhere on the panel.
Mr. Russell Damtoft, United States Federal Trade Commission
Alternatively, prohibited processes could be indicated by inserting "none" in the allowable-use exemption column.
don't listen to the games they pla
43. During the period under review, the Ethics Office received 315 requests for advice on a wide range of ethics-related concerns.
Official statistics showed that the Niger lost some 100,000 hectares of forest annually due to drought and firewood collection. Loss of natural resources and soil degradation ensued, leading in turn to lower productivity, food insecurity and poverty.
Closure report on the misuse of travel funds, inappropriate communications outside the United Nations and unauthorized outside activities by a staff member at ECE
Adjust the tax rates of wine, compact car, motor vehicle and automobile tires.
Why she fell ill suddenly is a mystery.
Specifically, the UNRWA mandate should be consistent with the standard United Nations policy on refugees.
A note by the Secretariat will be available to facilitate the discussion.
2002-2003: 97.6 per cent
A Guide to the Air Pollution Control (Open Burning) Regulation
The Acting President (spoke in Spanish): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Rudyard Spencer, Minister of Health and the Environment of Jamaica.
I refuse to believe that Robert Duvall lost.
`No!
Negotiations cannot prosper in an atmosphere of bad faith.
In addition, he suffers from malnourishment, sleeplessness and ulcers.
A new ECG classification algorithm and its hardware construction and soft" ware design for high-speed analysis of ambulatory ECG recordings are described."
We are very aware of the suffering endured by the Iraqi population, and we deplore the fact that its Government has never wished to take advantage of the possibilities offered it under resolutions 706 (1991) and 712 (1991).
They are not ready to accept any deal with a president they distrust and are demanding his immediate departure.
Doesn't it get old for you?
:: Establish at least 60 community-based child protection networks in the selected critical flash point villages, including in the West border areas, to provide early warning alerts and monitor and report grave violations
Look around the developing world, and you will see a bewildering fissure opening up between economies’ leading and lagging sectors.
Addendum
These two variables are only defined if the interpreter is in interactive mode.
's Saade concurs. "For an allergen to affect the baby during pregnancy," he says, "it has to get into the mother's [blood] and then cross the placenta in a form that remains allergenic.
25. The Board will review the technical cooperation activities undertaken in 2013, as well as developments in UNCTAD's technical cooperation - in particular, matters of capacity-building related to trade and investment, and issues related to progress in the implementation of decision 478 (L) of the Board regarding technical cooperation.
Recalling the undertakings of the Thirty-first International Conference of the Red Cross and Red Crescent, held in Geneva from 28 November to 1 December 2011, at which the Conference reaffirmed the need to reinforce the implementation of and respect for international humanitarian law,
(b) Funds provided by the United Nations.The view was expressed that, in the case of a referral by the Security Council, the relevant expenses of the Court should be borne by the United Nations.
85. To ensure the involvement of both parents during a child's early years, mothers enjoyed 16 weeks of paid maternity leave, while fathers could take one week of paternity leave.
It also encourages the State party to fully incorporate, in appropriate subsequent national implementing legislation, a definition of discrimination on the basis of sex in line with article 1 of the Convention, and extending to acts of discrimination by public and private actors in accordance with article 2.
See Council decision 2006/250.
 (d) ILO Convention No. 122 concerning Employment Policy was ratified by Law No. 2,027 of 9 November 1976 and became effective when published in Official Gazette No. 15,769 of 20 November 1976.
Unless the treaty provides otherwise or the wellestablished practice followed by the depositary differs, late formulation of a reservation shall be deemed to have been accepted by a Contracting Party if it has made no objections to such formulation after the expiry of the 12month period following the date on which notification was received.
11. In relation to paragraph 2 (g), the Ministry of the Interior is responsible, through the National Office of Migration, for border control and the issue of identity and travel documents. The report refers to a number of measures which have been taken in the area of border controls and restrictions on the issue of visas and identity documents.
This cycle is in turn linked to rural poverty.
3 the draft for $1,000,000 which, as I advised you on the 1st March had not been accepted, having since become due and not being discharged, I have now to return it to you with a protest for non-payment, together with an account of my commission and charges, amounting to $1,013,500, for which I have drawn on you at sight, to the order of Mr. Ohki.
More people could die if these men don't lead us to the canisters.
Full compliance by end of 2012
Rotors of better quality always last longer and work more efficiently.
Nigeria
A memory cell is formed of a semiconductor junction diode interposed between conductors.
any opinion or endorsement by the Secretariat of theUnited Nations.
Discussion of elements for a draft decision on agriculture
It was noted that fishing vessels were not covered by the 1974 International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea and therefore fell outside the scope of those monitoring systems.
The reasons for the lack of consensus are mainly the slightly different rules, regulations and entitlements, sometimes the different interpretation of the same rules; though the Inspectors believe that there is also a certain degree of protectionism and reservation within certain entities which believe that the Accord allows too much flexibility for the staff.
(b) Judges must ensure that their conduct at all times maintains the confidence of all in the impartiality of the Tribunals;
Contents
 79. The frank approach taken by the Secretary-General in his reports was essential to the establishment of an efficient administration capable of tackling the challenges of a changing world.
10 a.m.-
(b) Staff development, career support and counselling:
7/19. Combating defamation of religions 54
Greek poets and playwrights created the basic forms of comedy and tragedy, expediting innovation of stage play. To ancient Greeks, theatre was not only entertainment but also a central forum for discussing ideas and concepts of different thoughts.
After the younger son's marriage, Liang Jan and Gu Wan turned into pigeons again and flew into the sky and soon disappeared.
The Working Group will transmit those allegations to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State concerned by the most direct and rapid means, and requests the said State to carry out investigations on the matter and to inform the Working Group.
When entering the plant, all motor vehicles must display a valid state inspection sticker on the windshield.
Alexander: What are you?
Twenty-four-year-old John Racine of Riverside County is facing charges of wire 20)fraud and unlawful 21)interception of an electronic communication.
It could define areas of responsibility, contribution and cooperation of participating agencies based on their core mandate and competencies and identify needs and gaps in assessments taking into account the existing assessments and relevant activities of all participating agencies.
193. Coverage of preschool facilities is as follows:
26. FIELD provided information on its involvement in activities in the context of human rights and the environment.
2016 in Lithuania
B. Summary of activities of the Committee
Jacob Murphy
 Only the simultaneous examination of a case is precluded, however, and the Committee is, in principle, competent to consider cases that have been examined elsewhere, unless the State party has made a reservation upon ratification of or accession to the Optional Protocol precluding consideration of the same matter.
Recalling further that, according to the Human Rights Council, in the annex to its resolution 16/21 of 25 March 2011, the Office of the President of the Council should be established, in line with the procedural and organizational roles of the President, within existing resources, in order to support the President in the fulfilment of his or her tasks and enhance efficiency, continuity and institutional memory in this regard,
Even witches appreciate what they bring to a boiling cauldron.
They are called upon to bring about an integration of higher education, science and production and the establishment and development of innovative infrastructure for introducing and exporting scientific and technological developments.
[11:37.49]7.A:How about lunch     on Thursday
He who wants to lead a life of vice needs no school master.
Work towards planning for the transition of security responsibilities from UNMIL to the Government of Liberia has continued apace, and I have been encouraged by the commitment of the joint UNMIL/Government transition working group.
Its all over the news
Bullion also hit yesterday fresh record highs in euros, sterling and swiss francs.
In that regard, the Cuban Government would once again like to point out to the Working Group that it is not for international mechanisms to usurp or replace national authorities, but to perform their work in strict accordance with the principle of free determination upheld in international law, and free from any political influence, in order to support the actions taken by States to strengthen their domestic legal systems.
FAO supported the establishment of a National Food Insecurity and Vulnerability Information and Mapping System.
Serbia lodged a request for EU candidate status in December.
27. CAT was concerned by the fact that members of the armed forces are not considered public officials in the definition of torture in the Criminal Code.
In addition, contributions of least developed countries to the regular budget of the United Nations are capped at 0.01 per cent of the Organization's budget, regardless of their national income and other factors determining a Member State's assessment rate.
21. The Chairman drew the Committee’s attention to the question of the United Nations International Partnership Trust Fund and proposed that it should recommend to the General Assembly that it should take note of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the United Nations International Partnership Trust Fund (A/52/7/Add.9) and request the Secretary-General, taking into account the comments made in the Committee (A/C.5/52/SR.56), to report to the General Assembly, on a regular basis, on the activities of the Trust Fund and other related matters.
The flag is waving in the wind.
The subprogramme will thus serve as a catalyst for the pooling of experiences.
Even I am starting to feel that these explanations sound strained: are these side-benefits really enough to outweigh the lost revenue from higher prices?
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the Somali economy was experiencing a rapid expansion with reconstruction activities, though no official data are available to show the exact magnitude.
The criteria for compensable evacuation costs, set forth in paragraphs and , apply.
Geneva: 93
Improving law enforcement level concerning intellectual property (45) We shall improve the intellectual property judicial system, optimize the al[] of judicial resources and simplify relief procedures.
Furthermore, international investment rules are increasingly being adopted as part of other bilateral agreements and regional and interregional agreements that address issues relating to trade and investment transactions.
Annex I lists some of the wastes which may consist of, contain or be contaminated with pesticide POPs and HCB as an industrial chemical:
While agreeing that there were significant obstacles to the adoption of CFC-free production in developing countries, one representative noted that the technology was available and that there was a need for closer cooperation to ensure its transfer.
He just sat there looking out of window----thinking.
(ii) Advice and assistance on arbitration or litigation unrelated to peacekeeping, including representation of the Organization before arbitral, judicial and other quasi-judicial and administrative bodies;
Destiny by Love
The Committee was informed that the increase is mainly due to the Headquarters requirement to rent higher specification X-ray machines, which are required to have the ability to record and retrieve images of scanned items for further investigation.
1. Urges all parties directly concerned seriously to consider taking the practical and urgent steps required for the implementation of the proposal to establish a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, and, as a means of promoting this objective, invites the countries concerned to adhere to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
The General Assembly,
I should be grateful if the present letter and its annex were circulated as a document of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 27.
In accordance with paragraph 3 of article 16 of the Rules, a number of Governments, including Iraq, submitted views and additional information in relation to the reports.
The document provides a final report on the implementation of decisions SS.XI/8 and 26/7. It suggests that the Council adopt a decision in this regard.
This approach is currently being tested in eight pilot countries, and the most appropriate modalities for its implementation are being identified through these pilot cases.
F. Organizations working on intellectual property rights
Government Procurator of the Court of First Instance of Antananarivo.
Recycler's Corner
(2) Where the offender has committed incest with an infant or young person, the punishment is rigorous imprisonment not exceeding ten years.
CCPOQ has agreed on issuing revised guidelines based on experience acquired to date.
Recognizing also the important role, on a case-by-case basis, of debt relief, including debt cancellation, as appropriate, and debt restructuring as debt crisis prevention and management tools for mitigating the impact of the world financial and economic crisis in developing countries,
Well, we're not sure we can afford one. But we'd like to find out  about the possibilities
He lay face downwards on his bed.
AD/02 stated that 18 to 20 other men were held overnight in an open truck, exposed to the cold and rain.
28. Mrs. Byaje (Rwanda) said that the Great Lakes region of Africa was particularly threatened by various terrorist organizations, as the recent terrorist attack by Al-Shabaab in Kenya had clearly illustrated.
Governmental institutions such as the Ministry of Women and Children Affairs the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice, and Civil Society Organization have enhanced women's awareness of their human rights and legal literary on how to claim their rights.
All the Chinese people are yearning for an early end to this agonizing situation.
(a) Consider increasing the percentage of the budget allocated to education and improve sanitation facilities at schools by providing separate latrines for girls, increasing the number of dormitories for girls and providing affordable school transport, especially in rural areas;
Intensified operational condition factor
 19. Some delegations emphasized the need to review United Nations procurement procedures and, in that regard, noted that an informal high-level group of experts invited by the Secretariat would work with the Departments of Administration and Management and Peace-keeping Operations to review and simplify current rules and procedures.
40. His delegation welcomed the establishment of the Group of Friends of Spanish at the United Nations as a tool to strengthen the use of the Spanish language and multilingualism in United Nations activities.
Modifications to the procedures for considering and approving UNDP and UNFPA country programme documentation
Admissions officers at business schools said they had become more mindful of the choices about when to start a family that young people, particularly women, face.
Add the curry paste and cook for 1 minute until bubbling.
The Special Rapporteur intends to build on this work, while benefiting from the knowledge and experiences of those who are directly involved in the promotion of education at global, regional and local levels.
Some have prerequisites that must be met before they can be purchased.
32. Analysis of the LDCF portfolio suggests that agriculture and water management have been, by far, the most important project components funded to date.
There are also several grocery and drug stores within a few minutes walk, so the convenience of this hotel can't be overstated.
The following intergovernmental, non-governmental and industry bodies were represented as observers: ACCORD 3.0 Network, Alliance for Responsible Atmospheric Policy, Arkema, Avery Dennison, Beijing CRAA Quality Certification Centre Co. Ltd., Cairo University, Carrier Transicold and Refrigeration Systems, Centre for Science and Environment, Chemtura Corporation, China Household Electrical Appliance Association, China Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Industry Association, Cinco S Agro-Industrial SRL, Climalife, Como Consult GmbH, Council on Energy, Environment and Water, Cysda Corporativo, S.A., Daikin Europe N.V., Daikin Industries, Ltd., DuPont China Holding Co., Ltd., DuPont de Nemours (Deutschland) GmbH, DuPont de Nemours International S.A., Emergent Ventures India Pvt.
For the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), it hampers the ability to purchase necessary provisions and supplies for our programme of cooperation.
Your belongings have already been brought up.
United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (10 December 2005-1 June 2006)
The simultaneous interpreter needs lots of intelligence and knowledge.
We can get on with our lives now.
Wordless but common greetings from both are warm enough!
The detainee's parental authority is not diminished by his or her detention.
68. To associate a key pair with a prospective signer, a certification authority issues a certificate, an electronic record which lists a public key as well as other details and confirms that the prospective signer identified in the certificate holds the corresponding private key.
My mother asked me to go to the market to buy some eggs for her.
Decision No. C-1064/01 which establishes criteria for determining the legal minimum wage, the right to fair remuneration and maintenance of purchasing power
Thailand
THE OUTLOOK FOR 1997
Most of the time, our schedule was a bit too hectic, and several times a month I had to work through the night at the office.
My escort, a young feminist scholar, urged me to have my fortune told.
:: Consider the inclusion of organization-led initiatives of interest into the multi-year programme of work of the Forum.
810: A successful teacher should use persistence as a good friend, experience as a Referene, prudence as an aim.
Supplement No. 52 (A/59/52)
The liquidation group shall check in the credits, and may not clear off any of the debts of any creditor during the period of credit declaration.Article 187 The liquidation group shall, after liquidating the properties of the company and producing balance sheets and checklists of properties, make a plan of liquidation, and report it to the shareholders' meeting or the shareholders' assembly or the people's court for confirmation.
20. The Committee recommended to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Dutton to membership of the Committee on Contributions for a term of office beginning on the date of his appointment and expiring on 31 December 2004.
Member States must renew political will to take action on ageing, include regular income and affordable health care for all and ensure non-discriminatory legislation.
The trend for Africa and Central, South and South-West Asia was consistent with other UNODC assessments, which identified the need for further strengthening of forensic capacities.
During the Lomé Summit in 2000, the Heads of State and Government participating in this Summit agreed to establish a framework for codifying into national laws and legislation the concept of human security.
The hunter's target was a wild animal.
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization: report of the Sixth Committee (A/55/613 and Corr.1) [163]
Under One Person
Basic legislation and regulatory frameworks missing, not comprehensive
We might as well learn them, accommodate them, utilize them and be grateful for them
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days
On the right side of my cousin.
Poland has always been a firm and reliable supporter of the United Nations.
These signal molecules exhibit their effects by binding to cellular receptors after which their message (or signal) gets transduced to the nucleus of the cell, where specific genes are activated in response to the alteration in the environmental conditions.
The Department of Health today (August 19) reminded members of the public, particularly those with outdoor activities, to take necessary measures to prevent heatstroke and sunburn in view of the very hot weather in the these few days.
One can imagine what would come from all that.
We are also somewhat encouraged by the recent developments in the political sphere.
In June, the Board concluded that it was satisfied with the pace of war crimes processing in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A Gallup poll in the US showed that one in five office workers has been so furious with a colleague in the past six months that they would have liked to hit the other person
You can lose it, you know.
Datuk Abdul Rahim Bakri (Malaysia)
Countries in which at least 50% of early learning centres in disadvantaged areas meet national standards for early learning (curriculum, staff/child ratio and physical standards)
Correct me, O Lord, but with justice; Not with Your anger, or You will bring me to nothing.
The limitations on individual contributions were seen as protecting the candidate or political party from influence by the contributor.
We firmly believe that a peaceful and lasting solution to the conflict must be based on full respect for the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of that country within its internationally recognized borders.
They are either caught by the police, or they themselves go to the police.
Recalling World Health Assembly resolution 60.18 of 23 May 2007, urging a broad range of national and international actions to scale up malaria control programmes, and resolution 61.18 of 24 May 2008 on monitoring the achievement of health-related Millennium Development Goals,
56. The TEC may establish panels and working groups, if required, to provide, inter alia, expert advice to assist the TEC in its work.
This hypothesis also can be used to explain complicated and unique venation of dragonfly.
They could strike out directly across the middle of the island.
6. The theft or embezzlement of public or private funds or the seizure of such funds by deception, falsification or abuse of a position of trust in banks and in the financial and other institutions listed in article 4 of this Code or in areas within the scope of their activity;
But the picture quickly becomes cloudy.
Tuntian
I'm happy every hour of the day!
12.3 Counsel recalls that UNE's decision of reversal is based on the Embassy report, which concluded that the petitioner in the blasphemy case had tried to register a criminal case against the complainant since 2002.
Recalling recommendation B of resolution I/4, adopted by the First United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names, which contained guidelines for research on the written and spoken forms of geographical names and of their meaning,
In the draft relationship agreement between the Court and the United Nations, which he hoped would be finalized in the near future, emphasis was placed on the obligation of the two organizations to cooperate closely and consult each other on matters of mutual interest.
:: Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents
28. One way in which this contradiction manifests itself is the under-representation of women in various administrative structures.
Israeli officials maintained the position that overflights would be carried out whenever Israel deemed them necessary.
The doctor helped him & toxins from the instestine.
The present letter is in follow-up to our previous 281 letters to you regarding the ongoing crisis in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, since 28 September 2000.
May happiness is yours in the new year.
I've later come to know that to be the collective socialization of men, better known as the "man box. "
A meeting of the open-ended Expert Group on International cooperation in Preventing and Combating Illicit International Trafficking in Forest Products, including Timber, Wildlife and Other Biological Resources took place in Jakarta in March 2008.
2. Taking into account any observations that may have been submitted by the State Party concerned as well as any other reliable information available to it, the Committee may designate one or more of its members to conduct an inquiry and to report urgently to the Committee.
We in the South African delegation would like to wish you success in your endeavours in performing the duties of this challenging task and also to ensure you of our full support and cooperation.
Other useful approaches for accurately estimating costs could include: identifying "soft costs" such as current labour costs in the country, and identifying "hard costs" such as disposal costs and equipment costs.
Taiwanese classical musicians
Today we are completing the 2003 session of the Conference on Disarmament.
5. Invites Member States and relevant international organizations to support the activities to be organized by developing countries, especially least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and countries with economies in transition;
Why was I blindfolded?
Your parents have not been careful enough to see that you were educated.
After the verdict, pilots'union Balpa said the jury decision sent out "all the wrong signals" .
9. In view of the difficult financial climate, the Organization's resources must be used effectively and efficiently, with strict budgetary discipline.
Thirty-fifth report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009
In Europe, the penetration rate exceeds 100%, as many people own more than one phone.
The Acting President: Draft decision XXI is entitled "Future operation of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women".
39. OP-765 includes provisions on urban indigenous peoples and immigrants in order to ensure that urban projects financed by IDB identify the indigenous population and include culturally relevant components and measures.
Eikenberry was in fact the commander of the Combined Forces Command Afghanistan CFC - A.
Our spinning planet is heated strongly at the equator, feebly at the poles.
The U.S. and the south Korean puppet authorities should immediately stop leaflet-scattering operations, clearly understanding the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by their anti-DPRK plot-breeding racket.
It has been only 18 months since my country successfully made the transition to a democratic constitutional monarchy.
In criminal cases, it deals with misdemeanours and hands down the appropriate penalties.
Major Alliance Education Centre
Humanitarian assistance provided by WFP to OAU member States exceeded US$ 1 billion during 1992, almost twice as much as in 1991.
The Committee welcomes the information provided in the reports on developments in domestic legislation relating to the promotion and protection of rights recognized under the Covenant.
This draft article raises the question of how States can become responsible for acts which they did not influence, since the legal effects of a member State's influence on acts of an international organization are already addressed in draft articles 57 to 59.
UNHCR was unlikely to continue providing care and maintenance assistance beyond 2005.
(PDF file / 9.0MB)
We didn't reach the top because it was too hot. All around it is sand.
Mr. Van der Leun focused his presentation on environmental effects in so far as they related to interactions between ozone depletion and climate change.
Government institutions and ceasefire authorities' response to serious incidents of protection-related violations remained weak owing to poor infrastructure, and technical and logistical constraints.
First, the draft resolution does not reflect the four core issues.
We note that the number of creditors, both official and private, has increased significantly.
Agenda item 152: Measures to eliminate international terrorism (continued) (A/C.6/52/L.13 and Corr.1 and L.19)
She peeped out from among the green rushes, and if the wind caught her long silvery-white veil, those who saw it believed it to be a swan, spreading out its wings.
6. Liability for the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
We do not want this question tobe proposed again.
Its membership had climbed to 548, 000 by 1900.
The more resistance you have to feeling your inner pain, the more resistance you will have to listening to the feelings of others.
26. The special programme initiated in 1996 for the redeployment4 of staff against available vacancies5 has been completed and all "redeployed staff" under that programme have been placed.
Hardware and software device drivers for everything from floppy drives to terminals. Do not mount this directory on a separate partition.
Article 23 The industrial noise emitted to the living environment of the neighbourhood within an urban area shall be kept within the limits set by the State on emission of environmental noise within the boundary of an industrial enterprise.
It is also important to check the list of vaccines recommended by the Government of your country of nationality or residence.
March was the most humid month of the year.
 Approves the third report of the Credentials Committee.
1.3.3 Stability - Stable in acid and neutral solutions, unstable in alkaline solutions.
Of this total, programme cooperation accounted for $784 million ($644 million for direct assistance to programmes and $140 million for programme support), or 91 per cent.
The WTO opened an investigation last month into Chinese restrictions on the sale of movies, music and books.
The Court can also benefit from the ongoing discussions in the International Law Commission on the immunity of State officials from foreign criminal jurisdiction, with a view to enriching the dialogue and exchange of views between international legal and judicial bodies working in the framework of multilateralism.
Nigeria
I also informed them of the on-going project of digitization of ICTY video materials, expected to be completed by the end of 2010.
In 2004, the Chinese Government signed loan agreements with 43 African countries, focusing on agricultural development, infrastructure, human resources training, medical care and public health.
Member of the Police and Prison Service Commission, 1978-1987.
For each cluster, one of the Partnership’s agencies assumes a leading role, according to its area of expertise and mandate.
But with the renewed concern about pesticides on produce and improvement in infrared scanning Paley hopes to get back into operation.
"The Council strongly supports the SecretaryGeneral in any efforts to facilitate these processes.
But compensation shall be made for malicious damage caused to another person by a trademark registrant.
There in the night, a hundred feet in the air, Seagull - blinked. His pain, his resolutions, vanished.
prepared for the session and RECOMMENDATIONS for future work
An example of this is with pagination of search results.
(d) Responding to HIV/AIDS.
In the event that our team wins, we will have a dinner party.
255. The Committee expresses concern that non—resident workers are not covered by the social security system.
Report of the Voorburg Group on Service Statistics
Box 1
119. The decreased requirements are mainly attributable to the revised salary scale effective as at 1 January 2013, partly offset by the decrease in the vacancy factor from 15 per cent in the 2012/13 budget to 10 per cent in 2013/14.
Summary of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 expendi- ture appropri-
So Jonah went out of the city, and sat on the east side of the city, and there made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see what would become of the city.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 28 October 2011, at 10 a.m.
All the scattered materials should clean up in time on scaffolding.
In the course of the next eight and a half years, her administration imported much more rice than was needed, resulting in 177 billion pesos in debt by the time she stepped down.
The rate for traveler's cheques is 300 yuan against 100 dollars.
I have a dream today.
D. Mainstreaming the human rights of internally displaced persons in the United Nations system
Therole of sadnesswasparticularly baffling, he says.
(f) Approach climate change and energy security problems as critical cross-cutting issues in the context of developing productive capacities and achieving the MDGs.
China implements a military strategy of active defense.Strategically, China pursues a principle featuring defensive operations, self-defense and attack only after being attacked.
The Committee suggests that the Government pursue in this manner not only individual complaints but also violations reported by national and international non-governmental organizations.
To keep a person in prison awaiting trial for almost three years without actually taking any procedural action on the offence with which he is accused contravenes article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights;
737. Bolivia (Plurinational State of) regretted the fact that its recommendation on non-discrimination had only been partially accepted. It was concerned that the United States considered that the recommendation to reduce greenhouse emissions to mitigate threats against human rights resulting from climate change contained an invalid supposition.
The Council is also concerned by the increasingly difficult context in which humanitarian assistance in some areas takes place, in particular the continuous erosion, in many cases, of the respect for international humanitarian law and principles, through deliberate violence both against civilians, particularly women and children, and aid workers.
Her boss is right on business.
Colour Reactions of Antimonium with Potassium Iodide and Rhodamine Basic Dyes in Aqueous Solution-Spectrophotometric Determination of Trace Antimonium
Any decision to sever the constitutional link between the United Kingdom and a territory should be taken on the basis of the clear and constitutionally expressed wish of the people of that territory.
The result indicates , through improving the local skilled labor level, the foreign direct investment can raise the wage level of concentrating the area of foreign direct investment;
Therefore, our university and college students can have much more leisure time.
A State is not an insurer in respect of injuries occurring on its territory; it is only responsible if the conduct in question (a) is attributable to it and (b) involves a breach of an international obligation owed by the State to persons or entities injured thereby (see article 3).
 With this in mind, the Board agreed that the assessment should take into account, inter alia, the following:
The Director of Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation, Miss Cheung Siu-hing, said at the celebration ceremony that the Wetland Park had organised the "Wetland Kaleidoscope" to echo this year's theme. Activities such as photography, painting, eco-tours, treasure hunt, story-telling competition and bird-watching race were well-received by the public.
42. Mexico is active in the Group of Governmental Experts established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 67/53, adopted in 2012. This Group held its first session in Geneva from 31 March to 11 April 2012.
Dressing up don't fill empty noddle.
The comprehensive development framework by the World Bank also offers an important opportunity to enhance coordination at the country level and partnership with local governments.
Then, they discuss their views on pony - play.
Summary of official meetings
Most people think neither of these theories can yet fully explain human behavior.
If interest rates rise, the option cushions portfolio loss as the bank receives the option premium.
He has a grudge against the world.
There was some risk that those countries might be left without diplomatic protection if a genuine link to a particular country could not be found; accordingly, the course of action taken by the Commission was, in his delegation's view, the correct one.
Some European regulators responded to the unease by banning short sales of financial stocks, calming share markets on Friday.
The non-governmental organization "Sólo para mujeres" (Only for women) is a non-profit educational centre which began activities in 1991, working with street children and children at high social risk.
As shown in Table I.1 of document A/AC.96/950, the revised Annual Programme Budget for 2001 amounts to $782.1 million.
The giant panda is one of the world's rarest animals.
The solution would at first appear to lie in the design and implementation of policies geared towards economic growth.
The representatives of Belgium, Brazil, Indonesia, Mexico, the United States and Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) made statements under agenda item 7.
It also considered that the Secretary-General should include a separate section on the Regional Service Centre in mission budgets, providing details on the nature and scope of services and highlighting any efficiency gains anticipated to be derived by each client mission.
These funds could help up to 10,000 lowincome individuals and families across Ontario.
19. A number of delegations emphasized the need for meaningful indicators and urged UNFPA to play a key role in that area.
Eritrea, Madagascar, Sao Tome and Principe, Zambia and Zanzibar have shown reductions of more than 50 per cent in confirmed malaria cases and/or malaria admissions.
The report illustrates the progress made and draws to our attention ways and means to further improve the work of the Tribunal.
General principles
429. Provision of housing by cooperatives started in 1934 in Turkey.
Julie, I'm going to the Shelley Park for fun this Sunday.
Under the unitary approach, all acquisition secured creditors are subject to the same priority regime and must take identical steps in order to assure their priority position.
59. The Meeting adopted the present report on 8 February 2012 for submission to the Commission at its sixty-eighth session for endorsement.
We are convinced that your wisdom and your political and diplomatic experience will enable you to guide the work of the forty-eighth session of the General Assembly in a masterly, successful way.
They were also able to refine the baseline data requirements established by UNSCOM 67/CW13.
Mr. Alexander Vilnin, Russian Federation (customs)
Look like you know where you're going.Shawn: Like this
Mr. BROUCHER (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland): Mr. President, let me take the opportunity of this, my first statement to the Conference on Disarmament, to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
It invites the State party to make every effort to respect the deadlines suggested by the Committee for the submission of its future reports.
96. The Office of the Ombudsperson should be given a stronger mandate for providing protection nationwide against maladministration and abuse of rights.
48. As a number of examples of cooperation between Asia and Africa showed, global integration was a prerequisite to furthering South-South trade, technology and investment flow.
13. The Board was briefed in particular by field presences on the actions taken at the field level to integrate women's rights and gender equality in technical cooperation programmes and activities.
Use a computer locking cable to lock your notebook.
Learning without wisdom is a load of books on ass's back.
There are plans to shorten military service by 15 days and alternative service correspondingly.
1.3 How has Paraguay cooperated with other States in strengthening the security of its international borders with a view to preventing those guilty of incitement to commit a terrorist act or acts from entering their territory, including by combating fraudulent travel documents and, to the extent attainable, by enhancing passenger security procedures and terrorist screening?
Instead, with me, little Joe was soon ready to fight infection on his own.
Spencer. you better watch out. We're reading something coming for you. full eed! Just get out of there!
He blames the delays on too many rules about genetically modified crops.
This impairment loss can be reversed in subsequent periods, subject to a maximum of the impairment loss recognized. Operating leases
Princess Louise of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg
The sub-contract was for the execution of certain works for Kharafi, which had entered into a contract with the Kuwait Oil Company ("KOC"), for the execution of the "30" diameter strategic gas line project".
The divorce rate is beginning to level off and probably will begin to drop in the next year or two .
world cup coming soon to temper technique bar , do a kicked ball clincher arbitrary master.
Considering that, among refugees, returnees and internally displaced persons, women and children are the majority of the population affected by conflict and bear the brunt of atrocities and other consequences of conflict,
THORPEX, a part of the WMO World Weather Research Programme, is an international research and development programme that aims, in response to the weather-related challenges of the twenty-first century, to accelerate improving in the accuracy of one-day to two-week high impact weather forecasts for the benefit of society, the economy and the environment.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) has been invited to moderate one of the high-level round tables, where we hope to stimulate discussion on challenges, needs and opportunities in disaster risk reduction initiatives worldwide.
The region has also made considerable headway in improving ecological environment.
Water and sanitation
(a) Report of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination;
As is often the case, the impact of environmental degradation and climate change will affect the urban and rural poor disproportionally.
ICSC, seventy-third session [General Assembly resolution 3357 (XXIX)]
Where a company in a group structure becomes insolvent, treatment of that company as a separate legal personality raises a number of issues that are generally complex and may often be difficult to address.
Therefore, with proper studies and innovative extension services, African yields in grain equivalent could increase by 3 to 5 tons/ha in semi-arid regions growing one crop per year, and by 13 to 16 tons/ha in humid regions with two to three crops annually.
But according to a German radio station, it is Russia's Yelena Isinbayeva that has taken the art of flirting, and the sport of pole vaulting, to unsurpassable heights.
42. Certain delegations, recalling the discussion of the item at the eighth Meeting (SPLOS/31, paras. 58-62), supported the draft amendment and were in favour of continuing the dialogue concerning rule 53.
Property means property, assets, interests and rights of every description, wherever situated.
You are entering a pivotal month, where decisions you mull over now will stay with you for a long time.
One of the most serious problems many people talk about centers on the lack of adequate housing space . 13.
Many reading this article may find this CD useful in one's choice to consciously manage one's dream.
Good bathrooms are often those that attendants personalize with flowers, pictures and decorations around events like Halloween, he says.
17. The Director also proposed a formula for the list of speakers, which would consist of giving preference to speakers from the first ten States by region to have ratified the 1951 Convention and its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees and the last ten States to have done so.
Owing to their size, small island developing States had a limited capacity to develop competitive agriculture or manufacturing sectors.
Grace is always correcting other people. She thinks she's a know - it - all .
B. Evidence of loss
55:6 Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near: 55:7 Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon.
2002-2010 Member of the International Law Commission (re-elected in 2006 by the UNGA for the term 2007-2011)
No rule without an exception.
(b) Some 8,000 people die every day from AIDS;
The first programme included an education and job training component.
Lesson 4 An exciting trip First listen and then answer the question. Why is Tim finding this trip exciting?
In March 2007, UNCTAD organized a subregional ministerial conference on "Asia-Pacific: E-tourism for growth: Matching market efficiency and social inclusion", which was attended by representatives of 22 countries as well as from ESCAP, UNDP, UNWTO, ADB and several development agencies.
Yeoheung Min clan
Action: The AWG-KP will be invited to take stock of progress in the consideration of relevant methodological issues.
CHFs are available to United Nations agencies and NGOs that have taken part in CAPs.
The buried depth of saturated clay layer has great influence on the initial effective stress distribution, and consequently on the characteristics of its nonlinear consolidation.
We analyze that the effect of number of occupant width of exit on evacuation time and compare with the case of single-grid model.
Bularros
An op-ed by the Secretary-General entitled "A global movement for change" was placed by United Nations information centres in more than 60 newspapers in over 40 countries, reaching audiences in nearly 20 languages.
10. Encourages the Governments of Liberia, Sierra Leone, Côte d'Ivoire and Guinea, within the framework of the Mano River Union, to intensify coordination and exchange of information with regard to cross-border threats to peace and security as well as illicit arms trafficking at both the political and operational levels;
4. Decides to hold the sixth session of the Forum from 13 to 24 February 2006 in New York;
Wait until any flood waters are below basement level before trying to drain or pump a basement.
In these instances, under a wet lease arrangement a providing country has a responsibility to maintain 90 per cent operational serviceability.
According to the Prime Minister, this law is second only to the national budget on the Government's list of legislative priorities.
They managed without recourse to ( ie without seeking ) outside help .
36. Azerbaijan has a unified electoral system.
At the regional level, various mechanisms have been set up to involve civil society in the policies implemented in the area in question (Coordinated Strategies against FGM, Brussels Consultation Platform and Flemish Forum on Child Abuse).
This is perhaps less a moment for lengthy statements than for introspection.
It is important to acknowledge that efforts have been made by a variety of organizations and individuals to look into the impact of public finance on human rights.
Its value as a means of interpretation depends on the extent to which it is concordant, common and consistent.
The Disuss of LEI Feng Diagnosis and Treatment "Four Kind of Invading"
The Administrative Assistant also maintains training supplies and recording of training expenses and performs receptionist desk coverage, answering phone calls and receiving clients
2. Minority groups
Pakistan's Chief of Army Staff Ashfaq Kayani has said no foreign forces are allowed to conduct operations inside Pakistan and the country's sovereignty will be defended at all costs
Content of the Arrangement
Declaration or disclosure systems are in place, fully or partially, in 15 States, but the adoption and implementation of such systems is highly problematic in States that rely heavily on remittances from migrant workers.
44. No response has yet been received from the Government of Slovakia.
937. In comparison with the previous period, the duration of active hospital treatment has shortened approximately two times in the recent years.
`Then why are you so bitter?
More importantly, it would widen the dealer spread by only one basis point and reduce transaction volume by 14 per cent, which would be well within the recent range of transaction volume variability and would not be disruptive of the world foreign exchange markets.
Against: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
It is noteworthy that the above-mentioned exercises are held against the background of an unprecedented number of violations of Georgian airspace by Russian military aircraft and missile attacks of the Georgian territory, as well as regular military training conducted by the Russian armed forces in the North Caucasus.
For example, in UNMIS, seven months after mission start-up, there was still no approved plan corresponding to the level 5 strategy of the integrated mission planning process.
Peru
Article 20 The contract shall come into force on the date of approval and the competent authority shall issue a unified Approval Certificate for a Technology Import Contract printed and numbered by MFERT.
Many news organizations conduct "issue polls" to see what topics are of great interest to the public during an election year.
Lebanon
Operational costs
His team also took part in the creation of the Swiss Alliance against Hunger on 14 October 2006 in Bern.
This campaign should be endorsed at the highest level and perpetrators should be brought to trial.
Ideally, the work of the unified standing treaty body in the context of one procedure should inform its work with respect to its other procedures.
The Court noted that article 8 provides more latitude than the Common Law of New Zealand (and England) in admitting extrinsic evidence to interpret contracts.
A range of methodologies is used, from case-study discussion and gaming to directed readings and classroom instruction.
29. Also decides that the decrease of 637,200 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2006 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 18,027,100 dollars referred to in paragraphs 27 and 28 above;
On 22 July, another Israeli missile attack on Gaza, supposedly directed at a Palestinian leader, caused the death of 14 other people, most of whom were innocent children.
19. Also decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 18 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of 2,217,700 dollars, comprising the estimated staff assessment income of 1,998,300 dollars approved for the Force, the prorated share of 197,900 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the support account and the prorated share of 21,500 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the United Nations Logistics Base;
Milan MILUTINOVIĆ (IT-99-37)
It's too far. I think it's too personal.
His delegation welcomed UNIDO's efforts to foster South-South cooperation in the industrial field.
Parliamentary follow-up action
In spite of these efforts by the Royal Government, the AIDS National Authority in collaboration with the UN system, multi and bi-lateral agencies, National and International NGOs, the infection rate is still high among the population.
Guatemalan military personnel
56. This document is brought before the Committee on Science and Technology for its consideration prior to the UNCCD 2nd Scientific Conference in order to facilitate the substantive work and input during the Conference itself.
:: A tradition and reputation of independence and professionalism;
36. In the report, the Committee stated that, during its inquiry, the Government of the United Kingdom had expressed general but unspecified aspirations to cherish the environment in the overseas territories, but had been unwilling to acknowledge or to address its responsibilities under United Nations treaties.
The legitimacy question is particularly problematic if the ruler’s biography or charisma is closely tied to the legitimacy of the regime.
In 2005 a National Literacy Policy and Plan and a National Numeracy Policy and Plan were developed for all schools on the island.
General recommendations on the protection of the atmosphere are reported below, while proposals for specific action on the four programme areas of chapter 9 follow in subsection III.B.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), UNICEF and other competent bodies of the United Nations convene, together with the Forum, a meeting of experts on intercultural matters and bilingual education.
"Recalling Economic and Social Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000, in which the Council established the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues,
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) understands that decision as preserving the previous annual reporting cycles in respect of the present issue, until otherwise decided by the Council.
He also disputes the notion that drinking extra water improves the function of various organs -- because it doesn't stick around.
A contracting authority should not impose any criterion, requirement or procedure with respect to the qualifications of bidders that has not been set forth in the pre-selection documents.
In the 1960s, reindeer husbandry was claimed to be unprofitable and was disbanded, and the Soyot lost all their reindeer.
Bear with me till I have finished my story.
The Regional Bureau for Arab States did not complete evaluations in 2012.
"As the website is one of the direct ways to relay messages of avian influenza prevention to public, people should make use of the website to obtain the information and take the necessary precautions accordingly."
To begin with, I never thought of such an adverse effect of the Asian Financial Crisis; secondly, the unprecedented flooding was also out of expectation.
The growing interest in public integrity (also referred to as "ethics and values", "ethics and accountability", "transparency", etc.) should not come as a surprise.
Submissions from Parties
In regard to the allegations related to the applications for bail, the Working Group recalls that, pursuant to article 9, paragraph 3, of the ICCPR, it shall not be the general rule that persons awaiting trial shall be detained in custody, but release may be subject to guarantees to appear for trial, at any other stage of the judicial proceedings.
Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
Last year he was the first western central banker to call for the use of a leverage ratio to help monitor bank capital levels.
The tender women are ugly.
261. The hope was voiced that in the process of the end-decade review, UNICEF would spearhead a more in-depth analysis of causative factors, thereby enabling the identification of more effective strategies.
water quality is very poor, often pull brake power.
In effect, this commission would have been the precursor to the 2003-2004 Convention for the Future of Europe, which, presided over by former French President Valéry Giscard d’Estaing drafted the constitutional treaty.
North York Centre station
(ii) Action in support of the Millennium Development Goals
13. Despite initial attempts by the Young Patriots to disrupt the hearings in Abidjan, the pilot project was conducted successfully.
U.S. Undersecretary of State, Josette Shine, says the Internet is the greatest purveyor of news and information in history, and a nightmare for censors.
It had come to rescue him.
The Badger strode up the steps.
Recalling also its resolution 51/235 of 13 June 1997 on the financing of the Force,
Since there has been a trend developing toward globalization, the multinational companies have been acting a major role in the world economic activities.
The following items, among others, should be considered in this context:
The subprogramme will also strive to build strong work relationships within the United Nations system and with international, regional and civic institutions.
It is not the end of the Erku, should it occur and laugh !
17th-century painters
The initial medical equipment deliveries had been carried out and training was to be provided for medical staff.
MINURSO
The central role of girls and women in the development of families, communities and nations has been clearly established: women are the first educators of the next generation; their education has a tremendous impact on the family's physical, social and economic well-being; their economic participation increases productivity and drives economic progress; their presence in public life has been associated with better governance and lower levels of corruption.
Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services Trust Fund
Implementation.
 Activities related to innovative technology development are under the purview of several federal agencies.
I wish to request the honour of addressing the Fourth Committee on the question of Western Sahara.
While the resources for some parts of the budget had more than doubled, they remained virtually unchanged, or had even decreased, for the parts dealing with development.
Communities worldwide have had to endure enormous pressures as a result of the social changes brought about by globalization.
The Chairman of the Committee commended the IPU efforts in support of the Palestinian people, in particular in promoting a dialogue between Israeli and Palestinian parliamentarians.
I mean, I started this whole mess stealing the formula-- You're my mommy.
That's all you do. I mean, look at us Moving, lying, changing our names.
excise statistics and research
Sixty-sixth session
The theory of relativity is concerned with two seemingly opposite ideas, relativity and invariance.
The Ministers reiterated their commitment to the sovereignty, unity, independence and territorial integrity of The Sudan.
132. According to the Law on the Organization and Work of State Administration Bodies, the Commission for Relations with Religious Communities and Religious Groups is an independent body of the State administration.
Sue: But he wanted to talk to you, right?
Conclusion Vibrio Alginolyticus was the germ which caused the food- poisoning.
Economic empowerment initiatives to support women affected by AIDS are being implemented in South and East Asia, while in Latin America and Asia, programmes are also addressing male sexuality and HIV vulnerability.
Nobody has right to control change your life.
Similarly, to the extent that job creation is constrained by gaps in aggregate demand, active labour market policies that reduce information and search costs can have a limited impact in generating new jobs on a large scale or helping job seekers find new opportunities in alternative sectors or firms.
5. Gender perspectives were considered in several thematic sections of the World Summit Outcome, in particular in section II, Development.
If you change this property while the picker is visible, the picker interface changes to match the new value in this property.
Post - core - crown is a widely used restorative method in clinic.
Consensual decision-making is the primary hallmark of the General Assembly.
7.1 On 24 August, 14 September and 3 October 2011, the authors sent additional comments in reply to the submissions of the State party, to the effect that they did not provide any new information with regard to the enforced disappearance of Ibrahim Durić, and that a number of the issues that they, the authors, had raised remained unaddressed.
In a moment the ship, except for a dark line at water level, was lost to sight behind the flames.
Next day she received a hundred letters. They all said the same thing: "You can have mine."
4. Calls upon Member States to pursue these ways and means through sustained consultations and dialogue, while at the same time avoiding actions that may hinder or impair such a dialogue;
Favonius orientalis
Precisely because of this belief, Nicaragua demands that neither Iran nor any other nation be taken to task for developing nuclear programmes for peaceful purposes.
An account of the Committee's discussion of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/59/SR.31, 32, 35 and 36).
Sphingolipid
The Regional Director of the World Health Organization Office for Africa had applied that model to other parts of Africa.
In cases of multiple births, and with children born in short succession, the parents also have three years for each child, up to the end of the child's third year of life, when a postponement is applied for.
The process and result of how they strived have become the frame of reference of social culture value and the real life text book for parents to educate their children
Act No. 27095 of 9 Apr. 1999
European countries have stated over the last few years that they are making progress in that direction, and that deserves the support of the international community.
We are talking here about a scourge which each day claims more than 1,000 victims and which has devastated the social fabric of countries, generated widespread poverty, impeded development, led to conflicts in many countries and then prevented them from being settled.
She eats lots of vegetable to maintain her body shape and almost never eats meat.
Gonzalo Pérez del Castillo (Uruguay), private consultant
Fools said I, You do not know Silence like a cancer grows
Who the Thomas Group is and what value it can bring to you. TG
9. Minorities and indigenous peoples
Universities in Iran
Summary of Background Data . Seeral posterior rod constructs are available for instrumentation across the cervicothoracic junction.
We were determined to split up with him due to lots of his dishonest behaviors.
This is called a subduction zone.
110. The final stage of the pre-disciplinary phase involves an evaluation of the investigation report and accompanying evidence in order to determine whether to initiate disciplinary proceedings against a staff member.
And thirdly, the emergency measures which have been taken reduce the need for painful restructuring.
Finally, international investment agreements should not permit opaque dispute settlement procedures.
The team inspected a group of buildings comprising administrative premises and also requested the opening of iron cabinets located in one of these buildings and inspected them.
7 October 1971
E2(3) report
27. Quoting article 31 of the Vienna Convention, the Court then noted that treaties must not only be interpreted according to their textual meaning, but also in the light of their object and purpose.
You know, we will interview several applicants before making our final decision.
(a) Vehicles
San Cristóbal Cucho
General purpose funds are mainly voluntary contributions from Governments to support general implementation of the UN-HABITAT work programme.
12. The Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director noted that the organization had revised downward its own income estimates for the biennium 2012-2013, from $900 million to $700 million, taking into consideration the effect of the current economic climate on UN-Women.
606. The question to be addressed is that of whether the principle of complementarity on which the International Criminal Court is based, that is, the principle whereby the Court steps in only when the competent national courts prove to be unable or unwilling genuinely to try persons accused of serious international crimes falling under the Court's jurisdiction, should apply in the case under discussion.
Of course, these scareware applications are nothing more than malware that hold your PC hostage until you pay the ransom—in most cases, you can't uninstall them or even use the PC.
Moreover, time recording and costing is common in businesses which employ professional skills and charge for their services.
Summary
Lets take cars for example.
The leisure industry is now an important part of the economy.
Programmes for the development of the meteorological sector were disrupted, particularly those for cloud-seeding.
Most of the penalties are governed by common law as opposed to statute, it is the courts in Lesotho are likely to take very seriously offences related to terrorism and apply higher penalties.
That meeting opens at the end of this month in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Human conceptual systems are inevitably structured by metaphors, which function at the deep level of human's thought and cognition and have systematic appearance in daily life.
Progress towards the Goals is very often linked to the overall social and economic policies of Governments and the associated processes unfolding in those societies.
MFA Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Come, we must hurry and search the castle.
63. Apply science-based approaches, including those from among existing tools from IOMC organizations on, inter alia, test guidelines, good laboratory practices, mutual acceptance of data, new chemicals, existing chemicals, tools and strategies for testing and assessment.
Special attention should be given to micro-nutrient-rich food such as vegetables.
Most fireflies are winged, which distinguishes them from other luminescent insects of the same family, commonly known as glowworms.
As part of its policy of encouraging greater openness and efficiency in the work of the Council, the United Kingdom delegation had earlier in the year introduced a draft note by the President of the Council on the need for increased recourse to public meetings, including on situations involving specific countries, on the availability of draft resolutions and presidential statements as soon as they are introduced in informal consultations, and on the practice of press briefings by the Presidency.
IFAD, Governing Council, thirty-first session
21. The mandate of the Joint Mission of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the United Nations for the Elimination of the Chemical Weapons Programme of the Syrian Arab Republic was established by the Security Council in its resolution 2118 (2013).
Since December 2005, 115 coaching sessions have been delivered.
The State party recalls that the Committee has based its view on the fact that persons are free to choose whether or not to engage in marriage and accept the responsibilities and rights that go with it.
Yet I am told that the chances of getting more money in the US for an extra round of fiscal stimulus this year is zero, as is the chance of getting more money this year to intervene in the banking system on an even larger scale than America’s Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP).
I still remember, his movies, Jurassic Park and Schindler's List got him nine Oscar awards in 1994
This contribution appears very limited, given that WHO activities during this period were estimated at US$ 4.2 million, and compared to the US$ 25.3 million TFET grants for its Health Sector Rehabilitation and Development Program.
Extensive investigation of core collections is an efficient approach to enhance evaluation and utilization for crop germplasm.
Innovative strategies, such as patent pools for HIV medicines and strategies that de-link the cost of research from the price of drugs, should be implemented in order to ensure further expansion of treatment access;
68. When a national court begins to try a criminal case, the question of immunity is considered as a preliminary issue, before the court considers the case on its merits.
30 per cent increase in safe minority returns Output type
Ablation of junction is associated with aberrant Ca homeostasis, which leads to fatal arrhythmias.
(f) The same personal rights as husband and wife, including the right to choose a family name, a profession and an occupation;
1999 064 B Clémentine space-object technique and technology research satellite Clémentine
3. Considerable importance has been attached to the potential for a strengthened relationship between the United Nations and partner organizations.
OHCHR/Cambodia continued to contribute to the development of the basic legal framework, in cooperation with the Government, the National Assembly and Senate, and nongovernmental agencies.
On 23 March, a group of over 300 Mayi-Mayi Kata Katanga elements launched an attack on Lubumbashi.
41. So far, the Secretariat's capability to assess developments on the ground has been limited mainly to the humanitarian and human rights situation.
The military dimension of intervention abroad loses its privileged role, making way for the prevention of conflict and for peace-keeping and stabilization missions.
12 October
It's a scholarship, Mama.
(a) Amend all relevant federal and state laws to ensure that corporal punishment is explicitly prohibited in all settings, including the family, schools, penal institutions, and alternative care settings, and ensure the effective implementation of these laws;
The role of women religious leaders and the youths in advancing this process is also being explored.
He doesn't believe in " casting  pearls  before swine, "
Spring flower beautiful , xia  Huaxuan  is sodden , qiu Huaxian is static, the winter spends loftily.
141. With the restructuring of the office, functions were aligned to meet the new needs of the office.
`Ay, I see it!
"Angelina Jolie, with her exquisite looks, is the current gold standard of beauty in the states and in the West in general right now," said Prof Shamban, who has appeared on the chat show Oprah and the reality TV series Extreme Makeover
And, as the Harvard Business Review recently noted, the projected cost rises with each new study.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Burundi, at his request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
z. UN Chronicle online, online editions of the magazine in six official languages, with posting of educations links and special features; UN Chronicle e-alerts; UN Chronicle feature service (online);
In its resolution 5/4, the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime expressed concern regarding the increased levels of harm and violence that transnational criminal organizations generate in some regions of the world as a result of the illicit manufacturing of and trafficking in firearms, their parts and components and ammunition.
Projected to 30 June 2009
307. Young citizens are guaranteed access to social services for training, education, spiritual development and vocational training, and all forms and types of educational services provided by the State are universally accessible and free of charge.
President Clerides expressed on several occasions his readiness to accept an invitation from the Secretary-General of the United Nations for the resumption of the talks.
SEC Chairman Christopher Cox has been under increasing pressure since the collapse of Bear Stearns on his watch.
Lygosoma bowringii
3. Such reporting shall be at periodic intervals and in a format to be decided by the Conference of the Parties at its first meeting, taking into account the desirability of coordinating reporting formats and processes with those of other relevant chemicals and wastes conventions.
A further investment would certainly face criticism for throwing good money after bad and helping prop up Wall Street, while ignoring pressing problems at home.
The same agenda item would be included in the provisional agenda of the twenty-second Meeting.
Not in compliance with commitments under Article 5, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the Protocol;
And he seeks guidance from a light after an absence. The Yemeni is ever noble, ever moving onwards.
(agenda item 4(e))
At the regional level, crime trends can diverge substantially.
The Government of Norway announced a voluntary contribution of approximately $13,000.
Room 6
Where no fee is charged in primary school, parents often have to pay the costs of school maintenance or make other financial contributions to the school or to the teachers.
In the private sector, Decree-Law 24/89/M, of 3 April, that establishes a set of rules that regulates labour relations in Macao, determines, in Article 4, that all workers have the right to equal opportunities and treatment in work, regardless of their race, gender, religion, association membership, political opinion or ideological belief, economic status or social conditions, as a consequence of the right to work provided for all. Furthermore, Article 34 (1) of that same Decree-Law stipulates that the right to work and the principle of equality established in Article 4 imply the inexistence of discrimination, direct or indirect, based on gender, in particular with reference to marital status or family situation and Article 34 (2) guarantees expressly equal opportunities and treatment between men and women in work and employment.
Target 2004-2005: $25 million per year
We have given them our full attention and are carefully studying them.
Monday, 16 November 2009, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room A;
A risk after the consideration of controls is defined as a residual risk.
I really admire your courage in wearing your birthday suit in public.
Furthermore, the share of ODA allocated to sustainable development and poverty eradication was too low.
From religious and ethnic conflict, Europe can once again forge a model of peaceful cooperation – this time by creating an integrated zone of stability in the Eastern Mediterranean.
Intense fighting was continuing at press time.
e
112. Provision is made for freight and related charges, such as requirements for crates and packing material, for the shipment of ONUMOZ-owned equipment to various locations, as follows:
However, the Committee is obliged to give due weight to her argument of such a risk, as well as the fact that the author's spouse has apparently been sentenced to death for "accepting bribes" (para. 2.8) and that a warrant has been issued for her own arrest for similar offences (paras. 2.2 and 2.6).
At the opening meeting, the Chair recalled the mandate of the Working Group (A/AC.105/942, annex I, paras. 4 and 6, and A/AC.105/990, annex I, para. 7).
37. The initially promising talks in the spring between the Bosnia and Herzegovina Ministry of Justice and its Serbian counterpart in improving regional cooperation in processing war crimes cases have also failed to produce results.
Electrical repair and installation
By its resolution 52/12 B, the General Assembly decided to examine a recommendation by the Secretary-General in this regard.
This helped undermine the role of the British pound internationally and catapulted the US dollar to the fore – particularly after the Bretton Woods conference in 1944, at which it was agreed that countries would hold their reserves in dollars as well as gold.
It was plain that they had left her poor little body in the forest.
Man   this thing is old!
Moreover, it was pointed out that, while paragraph (3) appropriately followed a flexible approach based on the well established “closest-connection” test, paragraph (4) introduced certainty in that it created a rebuttable presumption that the law “most closely connected” with the contract was the law of the assignor’s location.
his opinion causes intense argument.
An increase in the mandatory age of separation would also reduce the long-term liability of after-service health insurance (ASHI), hence also reduce the contribution of Member States, and will further improve the sustainability of the Pension Fund.
(b) Membership of the Trade and Development Board;
China's northeast region with great economic and military value, and from the Sino-Japan War of 1894-1895 had been the main strategic objectives.
Britain's Prince Charles meets actor Robin Williams backstage at the Wimbledon Theatre, in London November 12, 2008. Britain's Prince Charles celebrates his 60th birthday on Friday with an improved rating in popular opinion.
12 Gatsu no Kangaroo
2.1 Mr. Saker, a teacher, was arrested without a warrant on 29 May 1994 at 18.45 at his home, as part of a police operation carried out by agents of the Wilaya of Constantine (administrative division of the town of Constantine).
The meeting was called to order at 10 a.m.
Please provide data on the number of women and girls who are trafficked to, from and through Malaysia.
One hundred and forty-three States have signed additional protocols, and such protocols are in force for 122 States.
F. Article 12
After a few seconds, the avaitor regained control and averted a disaster
Approved for the biennium 2008-2009
It was mentioned that the mandate of the Permanent Forum included the preparation and dissemination of information on indigenous issues.
The UNFCCC guidelines invited non-Annex I Parties to "present information on their specific needs and concerns arising from the adverse effects of climate change and/or the impact of the implementation of response measures".
Later I will show this song to you and confirm it one of the best version on songs through the world.
Catochrysops
When a woman sees a man react in this way, she generally resists it and resents the man.
At its organizational session of 2003, the Council, having taken note with appreciation of the report of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau (E/2003/8), decided to extend the mandate of the Group until its substantive session of 2003 (Council resolution 2003/1).
Article 22
Maintenance and repair of 1 airfield facility in 1 location (Dili)
Up to now, the CTC has no information that the bill has been enacted.
VII. Conclusions and issues for discussion
The uncertainties of array element position affect phase of received array signal.
For reasons of legal certainty, any guidelines on the topic should set out conditions for the provisional application of treaties that would prevent or minimize the potential of such conflict.
While cynically paying lip service to the global campaign against terrorism, the Palestinian leadership continues to refuse to take even the most basic steps to bring an end to terrorism.
Kassymzhomart Tokaev, Secretary of State, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kazakhstan
Seton Hall University's School of Diplomacy and International Relations is providing the secretariat for the work of the Eminent Persons Group.
67. UN-Habitat and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) worked with the Global Land Tool Network on the production of the voluntary guidelines on good land governance, forestry and fisheries that were endorsed by the Committee on Food Security in 2012.
Indigenous farming communities in the district of Cho Don, Bac Kan Province
And the people's congress may make an appropriate resolution on the basis of the report presented by the investigation committee.
The plane leveled off after it reached its ultimate height.
It is hoped the plan will help ease the credit crunch that has disrupted the American economy
15. The Chairman, speaking as the representative of Senegal, said that achieving peace between the Israelis and Palestinians resembled the task of Sisyphus.
Amount
So, where'd you learn to play cards, Doc?
on MTR (except Airport Express, Light Rail, MTR Bus, East Rail Line First Class, Lo Wu and Lok Ma Chau stations).
After having received no response from the Government, the mandate holders issued a press release in February 2013 calling for an international inquiry into the human rights abuses in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, which would shed light on the country's extensive political prison camp system.
Those kids stole my clothes.
9. Reiterates and reaffirms as fundamentally important the right of return for all refugees and internally displaced persons to Abkhazia, Georgia, reaffirms the importance of such people's return to their homes and property, that individual property rights have not been affected by the fact that owners had to flee during the conflict and that the residency rights and the identity of those owners will be respected, and calls upon both sides to implement the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees' "Strategic Directions" for their return in the first instance to the Gali region;
UNIDO had also contributed significantly to the success of the Rio+20 Conference and the international conference held in commemoration of the sixtieth anniversary of the Brazilian Development Bank.
Plastic materials can be made into various kinds of household wares.
26. The situation in Croatia.
The Committee is further concerned at the fact that the delegation did not refute allegations that Bedoons have been offered a five-year residence permit in exchange for renouncing any claims for naturalization and that the State party seeks to deport Bedoons to countries with which the person concerned has no effective links.
It sources in Brazil and Argentina, where production costs are 25 per cent cheaper than the US.
Our singing master Vishnu would sometimes chaff him: "Look here, Munshi, you'll be taking the bread out of our mouths at this rate! "
In December 2012, he participated in the Workshop on Electronic Surveillance and Human Rights organized by the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
V. Potential interest gains from transferring funds of the Voluntary Trust Fund
The measures which can be adopted for a PSSA or for a clearly defined area of the exclusive economic zone are not restricted to discharge requirements, but can also include navigational measures (for details see paras. 472-485).
1. Adoption of the agenda.
South Africa welcomes the recognition that the use of DDT for indoor residual spraying has been found to be successful.
The lack of a specific format for reports from IGOs has also generated more complexity in terms of collection and analysis of data, due essentially to considerable disparities in terms of size (ranging from one to 14 pages), format and content.
425. While noting that the Convention forms an integral part of the Swiss legal system and that some of its provisions may be directly invoked before the Swiss courts, the Committee remains concerned at the lack of comprehensive civil and administrative legislation and policies to prevent and combat racial discrimination in all areas, and at the fact that only 10 cantons, out of 26, have enacted anti-discrimination laws (art. 2 (1) (d)).
 56. The preparations for the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development showed that women were concerned with the environment and had unique experiences that could help develop national and international programmes and policies.
To assess the effectiveness of this approach in weight loss, the researchers conducted a randomized placebo-controlled trial in overweight or obese diabetics.
Exporting back to those markets isn't exactly a solution to oversupply and underdemand.
Finally, getting rid of bad habits like smoking and drinking alcohol is also an important way to keep healthy.
And build up the great wall of green trees.
Gomphidiaceae
DEA agents say the Urdinola Brothers work somewhat independently from the rest of the Cali consortium ,with their own trafficking and money-laundering organizations across the US.
The long-term objectives of the Global Mechanism 15 - 20 5
1. Unless the Conference decides otherwise, and subject to paragraph 1 of rule 36, decisions on all matters of substance shall be taken by a two-thirds majority of the representatives present and voting.
More women and girls are becoming infected due to sexual harassment and violence, coerced sex and outright rape, not seldom in their first sexual encounters and in encounters leading to pregnancy.
This study provides an analysis of female political representation in 17 countries of Latin America, in particular the legal measures, such as quotas, used to increase the representation of women in political life.
9. Calls upon all States, in particular the administering Powers, as well as the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, to give effect within their respective spheres of competence to the recommendations of the Special Committee for the implementation of the Declaration and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations;
A Party is eligible to participate in joint implementation (Track 2) projects if it fulfils the following criteria: (1) the Party is a Party to the Kyoto Protocol; (2) its assigned amounts are calculated and recorded in the compilation and accounting database; and (3) it has a national registry in place.
The rationale for the restrictions is the need to ensure that the land is available for future generations to enjoy.
To deal with this scattered assortment of hazardous wastes, many Governments have established depots where small quantities of these wastes can be deposited by the owner at no charge or for a nominal fee.
Youth activities
By some, it is considered as an additional tool to remedy their under-representation in the staff of the international organizations; others see it as a source to gain internationally trained personnel for their national development machinery.
Van Gogh realized that he needed help.
22. Although acts of intimidation against the press have not stopped, persecution is no longer of the same intensity.
(b) Article 82: "Permission shall be granted jointly by the father and the mother or whichever of them exercises sole parental authority.
These are baskets made out of reeds whose inner sides are well lined with warm and insulating materials that prevent the loss of heat from a boiling pan inside them.
With Indonesia's recent accession to the treaty, there are now 153 States committed to it.
assembled products in which mercury-added products are used as their parts.
One concerned the return of approximately 54,000 Congolese refugees from Rwanda, and a second agreement dealt with the ongoing return of Rwandan refugees to Rwanda from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Booking hotline: 2490 3891
Article 13 After the approval of the application for the establishment of a foreign-capital enterprise by the examining and approving organ, the foreign investor shall, within 30 days after receiving the certificate of approval, file an application with the relevant administrative department for industry and commerce for registration, and obtain a business license.
Jamaica reported that its domestic legislation permitted the identification, tracing, freezing or seizure of items liable to confiscation, but only in cases involving drug-related offences.
Taking note of the report of the second biennial meeting of States to consider the implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the national, regional and global levels, held in New York from 11 to 15 July 2005,
We are not exaggerating if we say that a great many comrades still harbour non - proletarian ideas.
 The downward trend in global marine fish catches is well established.
You have a very tough job, Mr. Chairman; it is an unenviable one and we certainly appreciate your work.
Performance effects are also examined the implementation and post - implementation periods.
General Assembly
When we were seated he opened interview on a formal note.
Dual criminality was either not required to render assistance or foreseen only in relation to coercive measures (e.g. search and seizure, interception of mail or telephone calls).
The unit would doubtless make a significant contribution to the intersessional work.
Other forthcoming meetings
With the gradual restoration of peace and stability in the north-western part of that country, some 20,000 Somalis had been repatriated in 1997 under a pilot project.
Why is it proving to be so hard to restore pre-Great Recession growth rates?
Article XI
"The changes to the way we communicate, due particularly to the Internet revolution, will increasingly undermine our current capabilities to obtain communications data and use it to protect the public," it said in a statement
Parties whose legislation requires this shall submit documentation of their legislation to the Secretariat, which shall communicate it to the Conference of the Parties[; or]
We all realized that it was not going to this was not going to be an easy task, buthowever by working together, we negotiated the text of the Convention and completed our work in five sessions.
It was observed that an active and fruitful dialogue had taken place among the States under review, the experts appointed by the States concerned and the Secretariat.
A national counter-terrorism committee had also been established to monitor implementation of relevant Security Council resolutions.
In Rome, scent was used extravagantly in the famous baths and during banquets.
The Forum brought together leaders from the spheres of government, industry, professional associations and civil society on the theme of innovative cities.
A reliable transport system was essential to a country’s development; it was especially important for landlocked countries.
Her face was all sympathy when she did speak.
Article 7: Participation in Political and Public Life
Testing the downscaling ability of a one-way nested regional climate model in regions of complex topography
He maneuvered his car into the garage.
 All other provisions remained unchanged.
She left without saying goodbye to us, which was very rude..
Static properties cannot be accessed through the object using the arrow operator - >.
What, you think I'd leave becca behind?
Lauder in southern island of New Zealand
38. The Trust Fund received limited extrabudgetary contributions during the period under review.
Creatine supplements
Through the forest Lesson 44 Through the forest First listen and then answer the question. How did Mrs.
Communications to the Editor
I don't know Zhao Ping, but from   everything I've heard about him he's quite a fellow
2. Demands the immediate withdrawal of the M23 from Goma, the cessation of any further advances by the M23 and that its members immediately and permanently disband and lay down their arms, and further demands the restoration of State authority of the Government of the DRC in Goma and in North-Kivu;
Fernando always tried hard in this position and maybe he didn't always get the credit he deserved for his work.
"Hong Kong, China - New Zealand Joint Issue on Rugby Sevens" Lucky Draw
Marshall Islands
(c) To make these publications available on the web site of the Economic Commission for Europe, which also provides secretariat services to the Committee, and to make them available also on CD-ROM;
49. Mr. Kondo (Japan) said that further coordination was necessary in order to avoid any overlapping of programmes with those of other development agencies, particularly in activities of an operational character.
Grk
2. The Chairman and the Vice-Chairman shall be elected for a term of one year. They shall be eligible for re-election.
61. It should be remembered that the information presented by country offices in their annual ROARs is essentially a self-evaluation, possibly subject to inadvertent bias.
And here is the prime condition of success, the great secret: concentrate your energy, thought, and capital exclusively upon the business in which you are engaged.
Zhao Ming
In this regard, the following options have been identified by Mongolia: (i) conclusion of a legal instrument on Mongolia's nuclear-weapon-free status with its two immediate neighbours -- China and the Russian Federation -- with a separate protocol to be signed by the five nuclear-weapon States; and (ii) international recognition and institutionalization of its nuclear-weapon-free status through the creation of an international custom on the status.
The recent drop in agricultural commodity prices had not altered this view, as food prices remained well above historical levels, analysts said.
The ProsecutorGeneral informed the independent expert that the case was transferred to the Auditorat militaire court in April 2007, because the third commission had found that no civilians had been involved in the massacre.
2. Ex gratia payments and cases of fraud and presumptive fraud
But thankfully it wasn't long before we could open a small office.
Mount Kumotori
The Filing Petition pages must be presented when you file your Declaration of Candidacy during filing week.
We press the top & tickle the bottom.
The responsibility to protect therefore already largely exists.
Guatemala 6 May 1992 a/ 5 August 1992
(g) Labour Inspection (Agriculture) Convention, 1969 (No. 129) which deals with labour inspection such as the Labour Inspection Convention, 1947 is yet to be ratified by India.
I further have the honour to request you to have the memorandum circulated as a document of the Committee.
The first of these components is primarily responsible for establishing the overall policy direction for all activities undertaken by UNIDO, while the second is responsible for establishing, and providing guidance on, specific policies and priorities of the Organization, as well as its strategic positioning within the context of the United Nations system and the maintenance of strategic partnerships with stakeholders.
96. The problem of clandestine maritime migration has led to increased cooperation between States, including African and European States, which has focused on: (1) the control and surveillance of borders of destination countries and preventing clandestine journeys by sea; (2) strengthening the capacity of countries of origin to identify people in need of protection under international instruments; (3) managing migration through legal channels; and (4) addressing the root causes of migration.
Topics refer to applications in aerospace, industrial and transportation systems.
These types of assistance are interdependent and mutually reinforcing, when they are jointly offered, in terms of their impact on the victims' lives, responding to the multifaceted nature of the effects of torture on the individual.
In a parallel initiative, a series of Administrator's business plans introduced plans to change the culture of the organization and put forward the "balanced scorecard" as a tool to report against a broad range of physical and financial indicators of operational change.
(Summit resolution 17/316(b), adopted on 23 March 2005)
Paras. 109, 112-116
The air one breathed was saturated with earthy smells, and the grass under foot had a reflection of blue sky in it.
PARTICULARS OF APPLICATION FOR PRESALE CONSENT AND CONSENT TO ASSIGN PENDING APPROVAL as at 31/10/2000
6 p.m. 31st meeting
Taking advantage of the positions vacated by FARDC, FDLR and Mayi-Mayi groups expanded their area of control and took revenge against the local population.
The evictions, house demolitions and revocations of residency rights in East Jerusalem also must stop.
Together with the United Nations Interregional Crime and Justice Research Institute, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, within the framework of the Global Programme, is currently conducting research and assessment activities examining the trafficking processes, including the role of organized criminal groups in trafficking.
Unless intelligence is strong enough to permit interdiction before a suicide bombing operation begins, the burden will often fall on individual officers to evaluate whether a given person is a suicide bomber.
52. Forest damage can be explained as a complex interaction of many natural influencing factors, such as insects, fungi, or extreme weather conditions.
And the king said unto him How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORDAnd he said I saw all Israel scattered upon the hills as sheep that have not a shepherd and the LORD said These have no master let them return every man to his house in peace
Child pornography continues to be a very topical and alarming issue.
There is no suggestion that Third World patients are deliberately being made ill when research is outsourced – unlike in the Guatemalan case – but that does not attenuate the inherent vulnerability of populations lacking basic medical care or experiencing epidemics.
According to taste, kites can have shapes as diverse as that of dragonfly, swallow or butterfly.
It also agreed that all publications should respond to an identifiable need and not duplicate other publications and that they should be produced in a cost-effective manner.
This support will remain critical in the period ahead, and more so as the Mission expands its operations.
I would simply emphasize that this draft resolution is essentially a procedural one.
we take this chance to reemphasize that we will try our best to provide you with your desired info.
Brunei Darussalam
Further, the Office will continue to contribute to the consolidation of peace and security in the Great Lakes region by promoting good governance, democracy, economic development and regional integration within the region.
(c) States ensure freedom of access to the Internet, promote open access to scientific knowledge and information on the Internet, and take measures to enhance access to computers and Internet connectivity, including by appropriate Internet governance that supports the right of everyone to have access to and use information and communication technologies in self-determined and empowering ways;
Chiang Mu-tsai
The fact that China has been generally able to keep labor costs in check has been a big help to both exporters and state companies.
For treatment and prevention purposes, it is important to acquire more insight into their longitudinal interaction.
34. The following tailor-made training activities were conducted in the period under review, with the participation of 245 trainees:
I really can't afford any distractions right now.
A. Demographic, economic, social and cultural characteristics of the State
I have a cold and feel chilly.
One television message points out the fact that smoking is bad for your looks.
Whenever possible, use the speaker-phone mode or a wireless Bluetooth headset, which has less than 1/100th of the electromagnetic emission of a normal cell phone.
It is strongly recommended not to allow it.
The report's key recommendations are aimed at providing a holistic governance framework with which to more strategically plan financing humanitarian operations among the organizations of the United Nations system and better link short-term and longer-term financing, thus bringing about improved efficiency and accountability of humanitarian financing for emergency response and transition to early recovery and reconstruction.
But it doesn't have enough of its own equipment and engineers to meet that goal, so power companies have looked overseas for help. U.
It was blowing up cold, and out of her window Carrie could see the western sky, still pink with the fading light, but steely blue at the top where it met the darkness
Participated in 8 Ceasefire Political Commission and 24 Ceasefire Joint Military Committee meetings on the Sudan Armed Forces and the Sudan People's Liberation Army redeployments and the status of Abyei
The present report is submitted in accordance with the decision taken by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its twenty-second session to review the implementation of its recommendations three years after taking decisions on an in-depth evaluation.
International cooperation, the pursuit of the peace process and the political will of the Government had worked together to implement gender mainstreaming policies in Guatemala.
The Tibetan Contemporary Literature is a mirror reflecting contemporary Tibetan people's spiritual outlook.
Training opportunities should be provided or supported by Governments, in collaboration with local authorities and their associations.
Projections of crop losses, partly due to the El Niño phenomenon, are expected to help sustain higher prices in the short term.
'They need to move quickly, or the levels of pollution and oil consumption are going to be out of sight,' he says.
He asked for an autopsy to be performed.
PCA is more dominant than PCP in air whereas PCP is found in higher concentrations than PCA in soil, sediment and sludge.
To illustrate, the following international instruments, among others, affirm collective or group rights:
27. Although it was not a Party to the Treaty when the sixth Review Conference took place in 2000, Cuba welcomed the adoption of the "thirteen practical steps for the implementation of article VI".
We must keep everything in the room in order.
Best of all, if you put on an audio book from your speaker, you can get some to start your day.
I just wanted to tear someone's throat out with my bare hands.
 Similar initiatives should be encouraged in other regions.
Further exploration of these issues and their interconnectedness is warranted, especially now, when the effects of the current economic crisis point to the relevance of social protection and intergenerational solidarity as coping strategies.
Note by the Secretary-General
Illicit opium poppy cultivation and opium production: global trends, 1987-2001
 (d) Unreported explosions of a large number of mines owing to a variety of factors, making it difficult to count the number of missing mines following clearance;
::Developed training courses for staff of the Integrated Support Services, the Communication and Information Technology Service, the Engineering Service, and the transport and air transport units
43. In line with Security Council resolutions, most recently resolution 1986 (2011), the Secretariat will remain engaged in contingency planning in relation to the settlement.
Vietnam, which restored diplomatic relations with the United States only in 1995, is now considering allowing the US Navy to use its Cam Ranh Naval Base – which was built and used by the US Air Force during the Vietnam War (and then by the Soviet and Russian navies).
When I see people in need, I try to help them, Mr Bharathsaidyesterday.
(e) Any imposition of sanctions by courts should be in strict conformity with the principle of proportionality.
Land reform is being undertaken in a number of countries throughout the world, including those where economies are in transition to a free-market system.
110. In 2003, the Government adopted the National Program for Roma with a view to their exercising the constitutionally and legally guaranteed rights and elimination of all forms of discrimination.
In that regard, she wished to know whether Muslim women could work as registrars in municipalities governed by civil laws and whether they could be judges in civil courts.
61. Mr. Abreha (Ethiopia) said that after careful study of the report of the Secretary-General on respect for the privileges and immunities of officials of the United Nations and the specialized agencies and related organizations (A/53/501), his delegation found it necessary to provide clarification of the matter raised in paragraph 68.
Australia remained committed to supporting the rights of persons with disabilities and abolishing capital punishment, and welcomed in particular the abolition of capital punishment by Angola and Mongolia, as well as the efforts being made by the Philippines to combat sexual violence in armed conflict.
Friday, 3 November, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.: Russian
After all, the objective – to identify a few terrorists hiding among millions of law-abiding citizens, before they commit a violent act – is the equivalent of finding a needle in a haystack.
I would love to do something really nurturing for myself before I have to be responsible again.
The present policy in the Russian Federation is that confiscated illicit weapons are normally destroyed (once any associated criminal proceedings have been completed); this policy does not normally apply to the weapons in police or military stockpiles that are no longer needed.
With the whole country urging him on, Pearce did not disappoint, unleashing a bullet of a strike low and hard into the bottom corner.
Monitoring and evaluation was needed, with systematic child participation, and children should be informed of the use to be made of their contribution.
In addition, we are of the opinion that any changes to the rules of procedure should be done by consensus.
Carapace Nunatak
The college jumped him from instructor to full professor.
:: In Honduras, a $33,245 Rotary grant is helping to furnish classrooms and washrooms at a vocational and literacy training school.
You crown the year with your bounty, and your carts overflow with abundance.
Meal should not speak on the digestion and absorption of otherwise disadvantaged.
1. Food standards
The children express their views on issues of their concern and are encouraged to exercise their participation rights.
The political crisis deepened in May 2008, when the President of the National Assembly, a member of the ruling party, requested the Constitutional Court to decide on the question of whether the parliamentarians who had rebelled against the ruling party could continue to remain as members of Parliament.
(a) To take note of the report of the meeting of the coordination group and consider the report of the co-chairs of the coordination group;
Internet users
Peru
Following this year's review of that Process and agreement on improvements to it, we look forward to addressing capacity-building in ocean affairs and the law of the sea, including marine science, in 2010 and other critical oceans-related issues in the years beyond.
1 September 1992
UNODC has been in contact with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations for future plans in this regard.
As for extending the right of veto to possible new permanent members, a decision in that regard should be taken only after the concrete composition of the enlarged Security Council has been agreed upon.
82. Certified copies of registers of petitions 84
Estimate 2008-2009: 10 instances in which advice is provided in a timely manner
Political issues
OF KENYA TO THE UNITED NATIONS ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
4. Reports of the Secretary-General on peacekeeping matters on which the Committee commented separately:
The President (spoke in French): I call on His Excellency Datuk Mustapa Mohamed, Minister in the Prime Minister Department of Malaysia.
By 20 October 1994, 32 remand centres and 10 justice agencies had been set up in 12 departments that have priority where urban policy is concerned.
Furthermore, the speaker highlighted that the Mechanism for the Review of Implementation of the United Nations Convention against Corruption had allowed her country to identify needs for technical assistance, and that as a result, along with other national initiatives, a UNODC initial assistance programme had begun with the Inspector General of the Government.
4. Education programme
His arm was badly crushed in the car accident.
This sector has witnessed remarkable progress during the last two years, as attested by the non-governmental organization consultations preceding the Steering Group meeting and the reports from the five working groups.
The working group proposed that the subjects of international criminal justice, women and the criminal justice system, transitional justice and the right to an effective investigation and remedy, be included in the provisional agenda for its next session.
We will continue to work to improve the effectiveness of the international mine action system.
Does the international community, increasingly seen as a single human family living in a shared global village, have the capacity to redress this situation?
We still have much more to do.
7. Persons with Disabilities Act, 2003
The Working Group, which was open to participation by all member States and regional economic integration organizations, and observers (including other United Nations organizations, the World Bank, IMF and the World Trade Organization), presented its final report to the Fifty-third World Health Assembly in May 2000.
It was distributed to all Members of the National Assembly and the Council of Ministers.
That's the end of the story. Our heroine has wasted her whole life because of a necklace.
2. Problems specific to an international tribunal dealing with terrorism
2. Affirms that global and regional approaches to disarmament complement each other and should therefore be pursued simultaneously to promote regional and international peace and security;
The functions of the post have been modified, however, to include the review, analysis and interpretation of systemic trends that come to light through the cases dealt with by the Office, the identification of problems and issues and the preparation of conclusions regarding the scope of work of the Office.
In order to provide dedicated monitoring, investigative and reporting support for the elections, it is proposed to strengthen the capacity of the Human Rights Section at Mission headquarters by the establishment of 2 Human Rights Officer (1 United Nations Volunteer and 1 national officer) positions.
Those initiatives of the regional bodies and arrangements have a great impact on the common welfare of large populations by reducing poverty and unemployment, and are important in the achievement of the development goals.
Item 8 of the provisional agenda*
The Committee concludes that this part of the communication is insufficiently substantiated for purposes of admissibility and declares it inadmissible under article 2 of the Optional Protocol. Dissenting opinion by Committee member Mr. Hipolito SolariYrigoyen
Investments in emerging-market equities were also increased, slowly in the first half of the biennium and then more aggressively in the second half.
I will be the first to say that we were disappointed that there was not greater dignity given to the accused under the circumstances.
661. The Federation of Cuban Women highlighted the Government's commitment to strengthening legal framework for the equality of men and women.
Illicit traffic in heroin
Having considered the report of the Disarmament Commission,
She did not have exact figures for the number of fathers taking parental leave, but it appeared that more highly educated parents were the ones most likely to welcome that possibility.
The assistants offered extra support to small groups within a class.
What an irony: that life is being extinguished everywhere, and we cannot even hope to name most of those creatures swimming towards oblivion.
But if the assumption is that the existing level of funding is unlikely to be increased in the years ahead, then the current system is simply not sustainable and we will witness a steady diminution in the support available to each treaty body and in the ability of each to function in a meaningful way.
i know what the general will do to me if I talk in prison.
Permanent Representative of the Republic of Moldova Volodymyr Yu.
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Never toueh a life if you mean to break a heart.
From Education Department records since 2001 sixty six young people between the ages of 16 - 19 have participated in tertiary education abroad.
 In this connection, my delegation submitted an initiative aimed at beginning to reduce the absolute power of the right of veto.
New York, 24 January-4 February 2011
She was most fascinated with the Manta Ray Kingdom and their graceful movements in the water.
10 000.00c
"In 1992, full-scale war between Azerbaijan and Armenia broke out.
She found him drunk when she came home at night.
The Government of Colombia understands that the mandatory measures adopted by the Security Council constitute a valuable tool for effectively combating international terrorism, and therefore attaches priority to taking specific action in this regard.
49. The persistence of the conflict impeded counter-terrorism cooperation.
(a) The conclusion of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations, and the creation of the World Trade Organization have generated a new environment for trade and development;
This is the process necessary for aggregating the estimated costs of individual activities or work packages to establish a cost baseline.
All of these changes can be brought about if there is political will on the part of the Member States.
Continuously and persistently weld workpiece, high efficiency with high current.
Must be a corporation meeting today.
Countries of origin have been strengthening ties with their nationals abroad, including by promoting their political participation, encouraging their involvement in trade and investment and providing legal assistance and training.
54/1 Strengthening regional support for persons with disabilities into the twenty-first century
In a sense, Modi is fortunate that his government’s failings have become so starkly apparent so early in his tenure; he now has time to address them.
Customs officers will return the lower portion of the Triplicate and Quadruplicate Copies of the Form, together with the set of photos, packing list and OPA Registration Card, to the bearer of the Form after validation. The upper portion of the validated Triplicate and/or Quadruplicate Copies will be detached for return to the Trade and Industry Department.
The paper received several supportive comments, but concerns were raised about the report's potential contradiction of previous Conference resolutions in favour of reducing the number of exonyms.
In addition, reduced requirements stem from the extension of the replacement cycle for certain types of IT equipment by one year in order to minimize expenditures;
There was some hesitation among some countries in embarking on REDD work because many earlier similar planning initiatives had not yielded concrete results.
In addition to the parties and UNMEE, it would be useful if the guarantors, facilitators and witnesses were also included in such a mechanism.
We all consider him not only as our good teacher but also as our close friend.
7. Prospecting may be conducted simultaneously by more than one prospector in the same area or areas.
Most clients check out by credit card, traveller's cheques or Master card. Our hotel doesn't accept personal cheques.
Beijing is the host city of the 2008 Olympic Games
We are not going to lose that.
Following the appointments of Zurab Nogaideli as the new Prime Minister and Irakli Alasania as President Saakashvili's Special Representative for a Georgian-Abkhaz settlement, the Georgian leadership underlined its continued desire for a renewed engagement in the peace process.
Through educational talks organized on these days, MINPROFF has distributed 50,000 female condoms and demonstrated how to use them.
Communications and infrastructure construction for tourism
" I urge [ people ] not to speculate , " he said. " They need patience. "
Thanks to the Commonwealth, the UK is one of the most open-minded countries in the world.
Inclusion and circulation of printed fact sheets for briefings by the Secretariat to Council members.
Furthermore, the Government was elaborating the concept of State Migration Policy, which will draw on international and European experience in solving migration issues.
"The Importance of Outreach when Trials for War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity are Conducted Away From the Country where the Crimes were Committed": Institute for War Reporting, The Hague Chapter (April 2008)
A/C.3/58/L.37 Item 112 - - Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions - - South Africa: draft resolution - - Assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa [A C E F R S]
It will be recalled that at its first session, the Preparatory Committee approved the accreditation of 76 new non-governmental organizations to the Summit and its preparatory process; representatives of 150 non-governmental organizations attended the first session.
In that context, it is essential to stress the importance of protecting the programme in the knowledge that, once peace returns to Angola, full-scale mine action programming will be required.
Recommendations for strengthening institutional governance
Technical cooperation
7.3 In order to determine whether there are substantial grounds for believing that the complainant would be in danger of being subjected to torture if he were returned to the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Committee must take account of all factors, including the existence of a consistent pattern of gross, flagrant or mass violations of human rights.
In this regard the WSIS must support SIDS concerns, and the international community must fully support State and non-State participation of SIDS in the WSIS.
9. Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons: report of the First Committee (A/56/534) [72]
Post level
:: Participated in a meeting organized by UNDP Cairo on 13 May to launch the Human Development Report
If States like the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea wished to rejoin the community of civilized nations, they could learn from the Libyan Government's example.
682 kilometres
Capacity-building has been the main thrust of these programmes, and many have focused on creating the systems and skills necessary for countries to integrate into the global economy.
The list was compiled by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights for the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review (A/HRC/WG.6/4/CUB/2).
An insult provokes a person toanger.
In addition, the ISU assumed an additional financial burden in 2008 when, due to the end of a traditional funding mechanism, the Coordinating Committee endorsed the use of the ISU Trust Fund to cover the costs of interpretation at meetings of the Standing Committees.
A total of 43 new emergencies within a period of some 12 months could stretch United Nations resources even further, thus hindering its ability to respond effectively and efficiently to such emergencies.
For example, work completed in the Drafting Committee requiring the elaboration of commentaries would benefit by the preparation of commentaries in the interim.
,margin of error :The margin of error for the poll was plus-or-minus 5 percentage points(:They have always had to make do with relatively small profit margins( gross/net margin (profit)  razor-thin margin,:They have made razor-thin margins on their new products(
2. Reaffirms also that it is ultimately for the peoples of the Territories themselves to determine freely their future political status in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter, the Declaration and the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, and in that connection calls upon the administering Powers, in cooperation with the territorial Governments, to facilitate programmes of political education in the Territories in order to foster an awareness among the people of their right to self-determination in conformity with legitimate political status options, including those defined in resolution 1541 (XV);
:: Conduct of 8 workshops for potential female candidates, including on managing campaigns and public speaking at the national and regional levels (Government of Southern Sudan) and the state level, including in Khartoum, Juba, Kadugli, Ed Damazin, Abyei, Malakal, Wau and Rumbek
More options and latest coupons
Provisional agenda for the 4183rd (closed) meeting of the Security Council
The representative of Zimbabwe made a statement, in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/61/L.70.
– Dec. 1998/102
The Priority Plan may articulate needs beyond the Peacebuilding Fund providing a road map for additional resource mobilization and advocacy by the Commission.
If you are indoors: Drop, Cover, and Hold  Take cover under a sturdy desk, table, or bench, or against an inside wall, and hold on
In recent years, the number of students attending schools of all types and levels has exceeded 300 million -- a quarter of the national population.
Taurus forgot to pick up their silk sheets at the dry cleaner.
I realized after acquiring competent staff members that I had been wasting my time with chores that weren't on my list of passionate things.
But he could not end his relationship with basketball.
But as the founders of Californian start-up KidZui (www.kidzui.com) realised, all filtering techniques have limitations.
None of this is in Mason's letter. Instead there's all kind of odd language about selling out, bumpy rides and fire dancing.
33. Participants felt that it is essential to develop appropriate national development strategies to achieve the goals of the Brussels Programme and the Millennium Development Goals.
What if they go on to behave as murderously as the colonel and his paid killers?
It consists of an evaluation team, a technical team and a secretariat team.
On 29 March 1994, a group of armed men, apparently military personnel, seemingly from the Fourth Military Region, stormed Battambang prison threatening the lives of guards and other prisoners and forcing the release from the prison of a prisoner, Mr. Tes Sokhuntea.
This action will be discussed in detail in the following chapter.
They pointed out that civil society organizations subscribed to the principles entailed in the wider concept of development effectiveness, which underscores development outcomes and policy coherence.
Recognizing the key role of industrialization in promoting sustained economic growth and sustainable development in Africa, as well as its role in facilitating efforts for the eradication of poverty, the integration of women in the development process, the creation of productive employment and market oriented industrial activities,
CEDAW/C/MKD/1-3
It might feel like the bits of wisdom you acquire don't mean much, but over the years they add up to form a wiser, kinder, more interesting person. 4.
J. R. Smith of the Denver Nuggets dunks over Rocky the mascot during an open practice.
We in Africa are at a crossroads and continue to register the highest number of poor people.
Above 5 years working experience in joint venture; 3 years background of production planning
It welcomed actions to promote durable solutions for refugees.
Obesity is widespread, with a prevalence of 70 per cent for men and 83 per cent for women 30-39 years of age.
Worryingly, the global community is seriously lagging behind in achieving the target of halving the transmission of HIV among people who inject drugs by 2015.
Like father, like son.
As a social problem, female crime has endangered social stability and harmony.
In particular, once a quick-reaction force is deployed in an area of responsibility of the United Nations force, it should be placed under the tactical command of a United Nations military officer.
13. For the 1998-1999 biennium, income from activities under review had amounted to an aggregate total of $670 million, of which three organizations (the United Nations, UNICEF and WIPO) had generated 87 per cent.
I've seen what you do to friends.
Yemen
Employed population
Malta’s interpretation of that paragraph was consistent with its national legislation, which prohibited abortion.
Room S-226 Guest at 12 noon Mr. Jan Eliasson, Special Envoy for Darfur (by video-conference from Asmara (Eritrea))
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 50/53), A/58/116.
There was Ashley who and wise and comforting.
Members have taken part or been involved in the following meetings held at United Nations in New York:
60. Reaffirms that the United Nations website is an essential tool for the media, non-governmental organizations, educational institutions, Member States and the general public, and in this regard reiterates the continued need for strengthened efforts by the Department of Public Information to maintain and improve it;
Mr Tilson expects "at least" two more years of falling home prices and very high rates of mortgage default and foreclosure.
(c) Develop specific training programmes and improve the conditions for teachers of such classes in and outside the sub-systems for indigenous education, in cooperation with public universities and in accordance with the specific cultural needs of indigenous children;
Following that exercise, balances with some agencies have been followed up, settled or written off.
The SPA exercises legislative power and the power of organizing leading State organs (such as the National Defence Commission, the PSPA, the Cabinet, etc.),
Organization of Eastern Caribbean States (General Assembly resolution 59/52)
21. Voluntary contributions in kind —
22 February 1993b
During the seventyfourth session, Messrs. SolariYrigoyen and Lallah briefed the Committee on the Conference proceedings and the principal recommendations of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action.
The definition, test principle and index kind of insertion loss are stated.
Korea Stock Exchange
Nera has had great success with its user terminal for Inmarsat Standard M, which was launched at the end of 1993.
Candelária Church
 We welcome the action undertaken by the United Nations, especially the System-wide Special Initiative for Africa.
“With no name, no fortune.…And after all, really…” He did not finish.
CAR salesmen, real estate agents and investment bankers are among the most likely to lose their jobs this year, a new study says.
This can only be called once, and must be called before any other reader methods are called.
Data collection
- Kimberly Prost (Canada)
Bfter the death of my husband i vowed to use our wealth for the down trodden and the less privileged in the world.
Turkey commended the Government for establishing the Anti-Corruption Commission.
Surely you are not going to wear that hat?
Côte d'Ivoire
Committee of the Whole
I thank you for explaining it so fully.
"Then," said Monte Cristo "you went to him?
Less than three months later, he qualified for the U.S. Olympic team. He was so inexperienced that when he competed at the 1948 Olympics, he fouled in the shot put because he did not know that it was forbidden to leave the throwing circle from the front
Finally, my delegation regrets that it was not possible to include in the 1996 agenda of the Disarmament Commission a third substantive item, on guidelines and principles for nuclear-weapons-free zones, despite several months of strenuous efforts.
The 2006 NBA finals MVP was back in that arena Tuesday night, as a guest for a concert featuring Jay-Z and Kanye West.
A second draft released in March 2011 included new positive and negative elements.
The burden of proof is on the employer;
I've always longed for adventure, to do the things I've never did.
(h) The right not to be subjected to torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment (art. 37 (a)).
According to the corps members, they established brotherly friendship with their Chinese counterparts and the local people after one month of carrying out relief in China.
The Committee on Conferences, having carefully considered this request, and the reason for it, does not object, on the strict understanding that meetings would have to be accommodated within available facilities and services, so that the activities of the General Assembly itself are not adversely affected.
Kuwait
United Nations Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
These steps would undoubtedly be conducive to preparing the ground for expedient negotiations on an FMCT and would, in their own right, be a useful interim contribution to nuclear non-proliferation.
Themes of environmentalism and altruism make this chapter book much more than just a ghost story.
The Constitution allows appeals from the Court of Appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the United Kingdom as a final court of appeal as of right in some cases and with the leave of the Court in others.
Standing under the outstanding rock I misunderstood his standard standpoint. 43.
Estimate 2008-2009: 97 per cent
He carries the eggs in his pouch until they hatch, then releases fully formed, miniature seahorses into the water.
In a more detailed study by size of the enterprise, designed to reveal the origins of the 192,602 SAS businesses apparently active in January 2013, we see that there are 132,873 businesses registered as completely new SAS businesses, i.e. they were not SAS businesses in 2010 and did not originate in an existing business structure, and that they are concentrated in the sphere of micro and small enterprises (92 per cent of all new SAS businesses).
Enzymes in influenza viruses are made up of three proteins bound tightly together.
I shall never get tired of life, I hope.well[wel] int
6. In 2012, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) supported the analysis of child poverty and disparities in 81 countries, was engaged in social budgeting in 64 countries, was involved in social protection in 104 countries and provided technical advice on migration issues in 35 countries.
Lenovo also appointed William  Amelio  , a veteran of Dell , a rival PC - maker , as its new boss.
However, since the level of government funding usually depends on the level of national income, Governments in least developed countries are least likely to afford large outlays for population activities.
Finely engraved on the pillar is the code of laws that Hammurabi imposed upon his subjects.
Rinse immediately contaminated clothing and skin with plenty of water before removing clothes.
Least you don't know all about that thing.
 To that end, UNAMIR is in the process of establishing a broadcasting facility.
Belvedere Vodka
M 113
Fourth, while the negotiations on an FMT have not started, goal-posts are being moved and positions of the key countries have been evolving.
The Prime Minister is criminally accountable for offences or misdemeanours committed in the course of his duties (art. 94).
13 September 1990
Japan hoped that substantive progress could be made in the light of the above-mentioned conclusions.
I am writing in response to the letters dated 21 February and 24 February 2006 from the Permanent Representative of Azerbaijan to the United Nations regarding the tragedy in Khojaly, circulated as documents of the General Assembly and the Security Council (A/60/686-S/2006/118 and A/60/697-S/2006/128).
Zoom Studio 2 is simple and fun to use, give it a try!
16 April 2010
As the Nobel laureate Robert J. Shiller has shown, optimism can evolve into “irrational exuberance,” whereby investors take asset valuations to levels that are divorced from economic fundamentals.
It puts forward also basic principles and strategies for strengthening mechanism of multilateral environmental cooperation.
"I think the NDRC is too powerful, " he said, to a burst of loud applause from his mainly Chinese audience.
Thus, an export licence should be issued on the basis of appropriate official documents provided by the importing country.
Expenditure on Building Refurbishment
It is proposed that these functions be combined with the responsibility for undertaking the preparatory work in the management evaluation of contested decisions.
that he gave up his soul to God, you understand, and the other two were sent to penal servitude in Siberia.
(a) Made available online services, including: National Health Service direct online; patent and trademark database; expert sales leads tailored to individual businesses; income tax self-assessment; foreign office advice for travellers;
"But if she's one of us, I'll enjoy the spectacle better, " he continued, but he didn't mean a word of it.
Article 537 of the Islamic Penal Code stipulates that duplicated copies of IDs, personal identification cards, public and governmental certificates and similar documents shall bear a sign or stamp indicating they are duplicates.
Moreover, in its decision 1988/103, the Council had decided to invite the Committee on Conferences to make recommendations on the Council's calendar.
Some members said that the chemical should not be listed in Annex C, noting that there was no information on unintentional production of pentachlorophenol and its salts and esters in the draft risk management evaluation.
The software is being operated with a bright and friendly main menu as GUI ( Graphic User Interface ).
I think the most helpful invention is the light bulb.
It's on the second floor, said she. You have only to enter.
It was also observed that recommendation 195 was sufficient to provide that the law applicable to a security right in a document of title would be the law of the location of the document.
Here they come!
Introduction and basic premises
Baseline: 0 per cent
Overview of existing activities relevant to Part VII
The third elaborates its theoretical system and points out itmainly comprises knowledge of principles, prognosis and practice.
While welcoming information that the reservation to article 2 of the Convention might be withdrawn, CRC called upon the Bahamas to do so.
this is the price which is 35% off based on the original price..
A rights-based approach to migration governance
485. The amount of $276,600 is proposed for the implementation of mandatory HIV/AIDS training programmes pursuant to the Secretary-General's bulletin on policy on HIV/AIDS in the workplace (ST/SGB/2007/12).
The Chair of the LEG briefed the group on the discussions at SBI 25 with representatives of the implementing agencies of the GEF, UNEP and UNDP, with technical support from UNITAR, to assist Parties in the NAPA process, to address the capacity-building needs for NAPAs and to further facilitate support provided for the development of project proposals for funding.
5. Election of the officers of the Main Committees.
a fixed timeline to announce recurrent activities that will take place every year, such as competitions, the UNDDD theme, a campaign period and its kick-off and closing activities;
Recorded vote
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 32nd meeting Conference Room 2
Activities will include upgrading and using the large-scale econometric LINK model to investigate some of the major policy themes selected by the Economic and Social Council for 1994 and 1995, in particular savings/investment imbalances, international capital movements, the international coordination of monetary policy and exchange rates.
VII. Family and Local and Global Partnerships for Sustainable Development
127. The Board's main findings with respect to application controls are as follows:
MVC
United States immigration authorities also often give due consideration to family life in the exercise of prosecutorial discretion on a case-by-case basis.
2 M-109 SP HOW have been removed from service.
Number of Vehicles Covered
Noting that the necessary arrangements are being made to ensure provision of secretariat services to the Assembly on a provisional basis,
Objective To explore the diagnostic value of transvaginal color Doppler ultrasound for special ectopic pregnancy.
They were reportedly accused of having published decree-laws concerning political parties and regulations concerning demonstrations and public meetings.
Organization of work
On the basis of consultations with the Presiding judge, Judge Bonomy, it is currently anticipated that judgment in that case will not be rendered before 12 February 2009.
In both cases on both sides, the struggle rouses evil passions and stifles truth.
You are the wolf. So the wolf went to a shopkeeper and bought himself a large piece of chalk, which he ate, making his voice soft
23 September 1988
Over the years, UNICC has broadened the range of services to include Internet hosting, managed storage and other services it provides to reflect the changing requirements of its clients.
Requesting the secretariat to devise templates and reporting guidelines for CSOs on the basis of the reporting principles and structural elements already approved for the other reporting entities and the guiding criteria outlined under the methodological approach section of this document;
1978-044A
1. Mr. Zewdu (Ethiopia) said that there was an urgent need to intensify efforts to combat terrorism, which was a complex and constantly evolving phenomenon.
Each story is different.
That large billboard shook in the strong wind.
Women's International Zionist Organization (1994-1997)
All were acquitted and investigators have failed to identify the mastermind behind her murder.
She therefore urged the international community to bring pressure to bear upon the Eritrean Government to halt the gross violations of the human rights of Ethiopians residing in Eritrea and in the territories illegally occupied by that country.
And put click advertisement to be about 100 yuan when, ad business was put out unexpectedly.
In the 1970s and 1980s, "Lebanonization" became a bad word.
PEF is supportive of the United Nations Association at its headquarters in Miami, Florida, United States of America.
143. This project was to be implemented over a four-year period -- from 2005 to 2008 -- and includes four principal components: (a) awareness-raising and commitment generation for policy-making bodies, civil society, international cooperation agencies and academics; (b) development and implementation of a planning and budgeting system that takes gender-based instruments and criteria into account; (c) monitoring the sectoral ministries with a view to budgetary guidance; and (d) capacity-building and generation of the technical inputs needed for implementation of a planning and budgeting system with a gender perspective.
3. The procurement or other applicable regulations are to emphasize that filing the application for reconsideration to the procuring entity is not available where the procurement contract has entered into force; after the contract formation period, the challenge will fall instead within the purview of independent or judicial review bodies -- that is, the independent body or the court.
88. Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations (P.89).
The representative of the Multilateral Fund secretariat reported on relevant decisions of the Executive Committee of the Fund and on activities carried out by the implementing agencies (the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Environment Programme, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization and the World Bank) to facilitate compliance by parties.
37. No provision is made under this heading.
4. While remaining an international body, the Commission investigates and promotes criminal prosecutions within Guatemala's national justice system.
Growing up in Lanzhou, he put Ziran, a kind of spice, into every dish.
The "Home of the Egyptian Family", which is composed of leading religious figures, thinkers and experts in Islam and Christianity, is headed in rotation by the Sheikh of Al-Azhar and the Pope of the Coptic Church and meets periodically to address any tensions that may arise among citizens and to propose solutions which it presents to Government.
Informal consultations on:
It is not healthy for me to compromise due to shortness of the time or budget.
Covering parts of Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina, it is a mix of forest, palm woodland, shrubby steppe, and swamp. It is the second largest biome in South America after Amazonia.
Commission on Sustainable Development acting as
C-ration
Subtotal
The Legal Subcommittee's main strength lay in the political will of delegations to participate effectively in its proceedings and reach a consensus on the matters it discussed.
In Nicaragua, PAHO/WHO and UNICEF cooperated in support of local integrated health systems (PROSILAIS), the immunization programme and maternal lactance.
Paragraph 6 of the draft resolution should be without prejudice to the provision contained in General Assembly resolution 66/290 regarding future discussions of human security.
Delegations should exercise their right of reply at the end of the day when two meetings on that day had been devoted to the consideration of the same item.
Source: CEB/2007/HLCM/22/Rev.2, table 2.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
4 workshops organized for political parties in Malakal (Upper Nile State), in which all potential female candidates participated.
Convinced that development can be achieved only in a climate of peace, security and mutual confidence both within and among States,
Hopefully? hopefully? hopefully, in your terms of time, you may get a glimpse of what I mean.
Noting with interest regional commitments and initiatives promoting the further realization of human rights obligations related to access to safe drinking water and sanitation, including the Protocol on Water and Health, adopted by the Economic Commission for Europe in 1999, the European Charter on Water Resources, adopted by the Council of Europe in 2001, the Abuja Declaration, adopted at the first Africa-South America summit in 2006, the message from Beppu, adopted at the first Asian-Pacific Water Summit in 2007, the Delhi Declaration, adopted at the third South Asian Conference on Sanitation in 2008, and the Sharm el-Sheikh Final Document, adopted at the Fifteenth Summit Conference of Heads of State and Government of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries in 2009,
This should be clear from the fact that `Improving Women's Prospects: Equal Opportunities Policy 2008-2011' explicitly states that the guiding principles for gender equality and equal treatment of women and men are legally embedded in international conventions and legislation at national and European level, including the United Nations Women's Convention.
Environmental assessment and early warning
Moreover, the draft resolution refers to the improvements in the relationship between the Sixth Committee and the Commission, welcomes and encourages the improved dialogue, including informal consultations, and encourages delegations to adhere to the structured work programme in the debate on the Commission's report.
Trust Fund for Security of Staff Members of the United Nations System
Once upon a time, there were six blind men in a village in India.
Please hurry to walk or we'll be late. Please hurry up or we'll be late.
We appreciate the fact that a version of the proposal has been well received by a large number of Member States, including States members of the Group of 77 and China.
2. The seminar focused on the key issue of sustainability as a strategic challenge in peacekeeping operations today, taking into account that such operations depend on the quick and efficient deployment of sufficient and adequate material and human resources, without which the fulfilment of peacekeeping mandates could be jeopardized.
Services in the community include adult day care, congregate meals and social centres.
In applying for an export licence, exporters are bound under penalty to provide the correct information required regarding the description of the items being exported, the particulars of the consignee and end-user, and the end use of the items.
One of the last pieces that Michelet wrote before the attack was titled “When It All Becomes Personal” and described her concern about the xenophobic society her first child would be born into.
It also recommended that the State ratify the Convention on the Rights of all Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families and the Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
Examples of this were given by Panama.
Sixty-third session
C. Administration of justice and the rule of law
Psi Virginis
(k) The medical doctors, nurses, the academia and the media should actively contribute to rectify misunderstanding about leprosy as a disease.
A range image segmentation algorithm based on tree structure ellipse cluster split is proposed.
The fundamental conceptual differences existing between the two parties could best be resolved internally.
Concerned about the impact of the globalization and liberalization of the world economy on the fragile economies of the African countries, exacerbated by the growth in external indebtedness, the collapse of commodity prices and the reduction, in real terms, of resource flows to Africa,
Membership of boards, committees, commissions and associations (1957—1995)
Instantly, she must think of the fortune we lost because of her.
(a) Take the necessary steps to ensure that adolescents are deprived of their liberty only as a measure of last resort;
7 they are unaware that yoga is an option for health and healing. Yoga is an option for health and healing
Introduction followed by an interactive dialogue, followed by informal consultations on draft proposals
Article 34 In the absence of specific stipulations in this Code as regards the employment of the crew as well as their labour-related rights and obligations, the provisions of the relevant laws and administrative rules and regulations shall apply.
Meanwhile, China will bring in talented personnel, especially high-level personnel, from abroad, forming a favorable mechanism and social atmosphere in which talented people keep emerging in large numbers and every individual gives full play to his or her talents, thus providing abundant human resources and intellectual support for the country's modernization program.
99. Other related, more disaggregated data on the supply of judicial services based on the population by territorial jurisdiction can be expressed in terms of the population/judge ratio.
Model 4: The tutorial school.
In that regard, it is essential that Member States -- Governments, civil society and citizens -- perceive the Council's decisions as legitimate, credible and equitable.
5. Security interests
But the Keynesians maintained that structural forces were bad, because they cost people their jobs, unless policymakers manufactured enough demand to match the increase in supply.
, say users, is the price of a legitimate copy of Windows XP.
Our offices and printing presses are located on the grounds of an old citadel that has been standing since the days of the Civil War .
Good at a distance is better than evil at hand.
And decided in the first phrase to study and application its theory in the teaching of "study on Chemical Experiment in Middle School".
at <www.un.org/News/ossg/conf.htm>.
The amortization period of goodwill is different between the two sets of standards.
LETTER DATED 16 JANUARY 1999 FROM THE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE
We all share the same values, the same principles and the same dedication.
(v) Promotion of legal instruments:
Fifty-seventh session
(a) Global asset and material management for engineering and surface transport. The asset management function includes the development and implementation of inventory management practices, guidelines and standard operating procedures that will be used to guide the monitoring and control of inventories, develop storage and stockage methodologies, define requirements for systems contracts, manage inter-mission asset utilization and ensure the proper management of expendable and non-expendable property inventories throughout the mission life cycle, including liquidation.
198. The draft Code includes a recommendation that States take the necessary measures to establish their jurisdiction over the offences of piracy and armed robbery against ships, including adjustment of their legislation, if necessary, to enable the apprehension and prosecution of persons committing such offences.
Divest in a Better Future
They tied a noose round her neck.
The feasibility of producing SnO 2 semiconductor film and the application of the film in the electrothermal field by CAD with uncomplicated equipment are researched.
The present general comment aims to clarify the Committee's understanding of the provisions of article 2, paragraph 2, of the Covenant, including the scope of State obligations (Part II), the prohibited grounds of discrimination (Part III), and national implementation (Part IV).
Extending coverage to all, including workers in the informal sector and migrant workers, should be considered a priority in national and international strategies for poverty eradication and employment promotion.
9. The Chairman said that the discussion was closed without prejudice to any questions that might be raised in a plenary of the Conference.
Removing physical barriers between you and the audience will help you build rapport and make a connection.
We wish to show our gratitude and thanks with a small gift. Happy Teachers' Day!
In particular, during the period 1996 to 1999, Match's partner, the Association pour le Progrès et la Défense des Droits des Femmes Maliennes (APDF), lobbied the Government of Mali and raised public awareness of the need to implement the provisions of the Beijing Platform for Action.
Poland also actively participates in the Global Initiative to Combat Nuclear Terrorism.
For its consideration of the item, the Commission will have before it the documents listed below.
Of the 27 nominations, only one had required reassessment.
The essay analyzed circumstance and conduct remediation to guide as to own a decent job.
The Committee recommends that the use of resources for information activities be reviewed with a view to ensuring a focused approach that is designed to promote the work of the United Nations in the mission concerned.
relaxation the stress of examinations are over, we can all relax. A. WhileB
10 April 2009
On 30 January, the President of the Security Council issued a note (S/1999/100) stating that the Council had decided that it would be useful to establish three separate panels (on disarmament and monitoring; on humanitarian issues; and on prisoners of war and Kuwaiti property) and to receive recommendations from them no later than 15 April 1999.
At such a rate, awards already notified would be fully paid by year 2034, interests not included.
7. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East: United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon: report of the Fifth Committee (A/55/681) [138 (b)]
Bute  - book are more expensive than paper books. So not many people can afford them.
The host country can require them to be assisted by a local lawyer when representing and defending clients in court.
Indeed, much has changed since its adoption and new developments will emerge in future.
It was signed Hannah.
5. Encourages Member States to promote, inter alia, the use of alternative measures, such as diversion and restorative justice, to comply with the principle that deprivation of liberty of children should be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time, and to avoid, wherever possible, the use of pretrial detention for children;
Agenda item 74: Effects of atomic radiation (continued)
9. For its part, ACPD reported that the Equal Opportunity for Women and Men Act adopted in 2007 establishes the principle of State action to ensure equality of opportunity, gender equality based on elimination of all forms of discrimination and sexual exclusion, and the recognition of cultural differences.
The Panel finds that this loss occurred as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Recosting
On the other hand, since all cash-income-earning opportunities are limited, the contribution of forest income is not negligible.
Tuesday, 16 November
The aims and purposes of the World Federation are (a) through its international leadership, to build identification, understanding and cooperation within the global therapeutic community movement; and (b) to widen recognition and acceptance of the therapeutic community approach among the health organizations and health delivery systems of international and national bodies, as well as Governments and the public.
Scale the model to be one tenth of actual size.
The Standing Committee of the National Assembly also passed the Ordinance on the Elderly (in 2000) and the Ordinance on Population (in 2003).
Brimming with summer fruits, an elegant and delicious wine.
The German, shutting his eyes, signified that he did not understand.
UNICEF planned to think "big and bold" in its response to the epidemic.
The second chapter expounds the relation between image and impersonal lyricism.
To some extent you are right.
Armenia
The government will gain partial ownership in return but not have voting rights.
Recognizing that the Government of Iraq will continue to have the primary role in coordinating international assistance to Iraq and reaffirming the importance of international assistance and development of the Iraqi economy and the importance of coordinated donor assistance,
Instead, it called lamely upon the Indonesian Government to ensure that prisoners would be "treated humanely" and that their rights would be "fully respected".
Foundations first saw light as Samuelson's doctoral thesis, which he submitted in 1941.
He is in a thundering temper.
Dow Corning has a worldwide reputation as an innovator, not only in the laboratory, but also in the way we deliver our products and services and work with our customers.
It is because that the instability of the modern society leads the vicissitude of member's status, the grudge against each other replaces the tender relationship of traditional society.
Coordination among technical assistance providers for the implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto
Moreover, the Ministry is working on the Decent Work Country Programme, in which women and children are a central element of the focus areas.
Contents
Procurement of Maintenance Materials for Vessels
Former world-boxing champion George Foreman and rock star Mick Jagger have holiday homes in Marigot Bay.
General cargo
Thirdly, the evidence presented in legal proceedings should fully demonstrate the active service relationship.
Taking note of the comments of Governments and the discussion in the Sixth Committee at the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly on the subject,
(iv) Publication on the results of global seminars on transforming cities through place-making and public space [1]
Han Terra
Unfortunately, there are still many unresolved conflicts in the world, and especially in our region.
Hot strip working roller endure the major alternating load on line, if control unsuitable easy to cause accident occurrence.
Commission on the Status of Women
Other income and adjustments
The dynamic level of core competence will affect fund stream and trend.
3. As reported in paragraph 40 of this report, supra, the secretariat has continued its review of requests from Governments for corrections to claims in category "F" submitted under article 41 of the Rules.
Without asking the whys and wherefores he started to criticize people indiscriminately.
39. During the investigations undertaken on deliveries to Côte d'Ivoire by air, the Group identified import documents referring to the delivery from a supplier in the United States, on 21 February 2008, of items classified as "10.43 kg of dynamite/explosive".
Children, women, the working poor, migrants and people already disadvantaged are the most vulnerable.
In that regard, the Meeting considered it important to address those global processes, through the report of the Secretary-General, in order to assist the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at their future sessions.
On another occasion Israeli forces threw a percussion grenade inside the yard of the UNRWA Hebron boys' school, while class was in session.
34. Return of DPs/IDPs - Re-registration of IDPs from Kosovo in 2009 revealed that on 14 November 2009 there were 10,951 IDPs.
The review of the human resources functions will be jointly supervised by the Directors of the Division of Human Resources Management and the Office for Organizational Development and Management, while the supply management evaluation will be supervised by the Assistant High Commissioner for Operations.
But that was a good try.
30. The principles governing the uses of aquifer systems should be analysed with care to ensure that they were appropriate.
51. The project takes the form of a campaign, officially launched 2001, which aims at providing training and advancement of the overall objective of the project, encompassing the entire flow of nutrients on the farm.
"3. Requests the Executive Director further to promote cooperation with the Basel Convention regional training centres in the implementation of activities, as appropriate, of other multilateral environmental agreements and institutions related to hazardous wastes and chemicals;
They may feel that feminism is only for lesbians or women who hate men
Response by the Council to each particular case brought to its consideration has varied widely during its lifetime and a number of best practices and lessons learned have been gradually incorporated to its usual approach.
VI. Conclusions
Effective 1 July 2009, all permanent appointments shall be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to continuing appointments under the Staff Regulations and the present Staff Rules except as provided under the present rule.
They deeply regret the suppression by the Serbian police of peaceful demonstrations in Kosovo and the subsequent unrestrained use of force that has resulted in fatalities.
 (a) Ratify or accede to the Basel Convention and to develop adequate control regimes, such as customs procedures, as well as methods and tools of detection.
The forecast details are in
They invariably overestimate their own strength and underestimate ours.
(b) Inclination: 0.043 degrees
Composite challenge deep in line!
Dance companies by country
21. Additionally, it has been contended that, under Protocol I, members of Palestinian armed resistance groups could, in principle, be entitled to POW status without having to prove that they belong to a State, so long as the struggle is being carried on by an organized group fighting alien occupation in the exercise of their right of self-determination.
Student: When the watchman is not here.
An examined and verified account.
(ii) Draft resolution (A/52/L.29).
Furthermore, accountability was ensured through internal and external audits, the balanced scorecard, office management plans and the performance appraisal and development system.
11. Mr. Flinterman noted that the birth of the Infanta Leonor in October 2005 raised the question of succession to the throne.
Finally, the characteristics of traveling waves of single - phase - to - ground fault are summarized.
In the interest of achieving a consensus, Egypt had maintained from the outset, that the agenda should be a road map for fair, balanced and impartial treatment of all the issues before the Conference.
The establishment of a Ministry of Social Development and Human Security in 2002 had further improved social integration, coordination and policy coherence while meeting more effectively the needs of vulnerable groups.
In that regard, he made a tremendous contribution to disseminating the values and ideals of the African continent and the United Nations.
This highly customizable document helps you to list and estimate pieces of work very early in the project.
Life is clearly out of the trees survive, however, the hot patch of fiery red, but did not decrease with the passage of life.
Article 8
By comparing, the method can eliminate the effect resulted from tank bottom deformation and improve the measurement precision.
 Comprehensive plans are to be coordinated with the National Land Plan and are to consider the demands of different regions and sectors.
42. In a 2006 memorandum of understanding, ICRC, for the first time in its history, transferred its competencies and responsibilities for data management to Croatia, which has continued to improve its practices.
The release from hold of diagnostic kits and other required equipment would enhance performance in the sub-sector.
ICESCR
Substantive session of 2012
Farmers were getting too little for their produce and no one was doing any research into “African crops” such as sorghum and cassava.
3. It would appear that a distinction between members and non-members -- or at least in what capacity States act in each situation -- may be important in the situations foreseen in draft articles 57 to 59.
Regardless of the general prohibition of the employment of children under the age of 14 years (Law No. 9/91), the Committee notes with concern the lack of legal framework preventing the use of child labour and protecting children from economic exploitation, in particular from hazardous work.
Certosa di Pavia
The panellists responded to the comments and questions raised.
Group of 21
Executive Summary
7.35 The provisions under programme support relate to the common service requirements of the International Court of Justice and its Registry, including, in particular, the contribution of the United Nations to the Carnegie Foundation for the use of the Peace Palace at The Hague.
In China, offsctdruckereien is an activity that has absolute dominance of cards and membership cards.
Perpetrators are never held accountable.
111. The Royal Government preserves and upholds the national cultures and continues to organize cultural activities in all fields at each level as well as encourages the production of new films and raises awareness on the variety of products for Khmer culture.
Also, given their importance to household livelihoods and local level well-being, access to valuable natural resources is the bread-and-butter issue that democracy and good governance must deliver on.
35. The Committee is concerned about the absence of self-regulation and diversity in university education in arts and culture, following the request of the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism to the Korean National University of Arts to solely concentrate on "practical education".
Average number of posts and patrols covered per day
The "start-up phase" actions and activities envisaged in the concept of strategic deployment included the establishment of the technical assessment and advance teams; concurrence of the Advisory Committee for pre-mandate commitment authority to meet the costs of the teams, the procurement of supplies and services with long lead times and the recruitment of personnel for the establishment of the mission headquarters; contract arrangements for strategic sealift and/or airlift and other services; and preparation of shipment of items from strategic deployment stocks.
"The sample shall be obtained in the manner least damaging to the person and without embarrassing them, giving particular consideration to their gender and other special circumstances.
Wait! What did I do with my boarding pass?
The planning process involves consultations with key stakeholders on priority areas for decision-making, new programme development or direction-setting in the organization.
30. Lebanon's revised drug-control law contained provisions on money-laundering.
Besides microfinance, remittances of funds has been receiving increased attention in recent years.
The author researches the influence of the length of icicle in ice bridge connection and the position of air gap in the composite insulators to the distribution of electrical field and potential.
Tegucigalpa, M.D.C.
These are matched by more coherent governance, funding and management arrangements at the centre.
(b) On the date of the approval by the Committee, if appointed to fill a casual vacancy, and shall end on the date of expiration of the term of office of the member or members being replaced.
Wait until all the svc users go away.
FIBA Asia Cup
The crisis exposed central bankers as misguided in their theories and deficient in their practices, but also as indispensable.
Ljubljana
The current shortage of mission helicopters was a particular concern.
Albania
:: What specific community-based rehabilitation and habilitation measures have been taken to ensure an adequate standard of living for persons with disabilities?
B. Constitutional, political and legal structure of the State 51 - 99 18
Yes, but only if the reduction in Beijing's purchases was not associated with a decline in supply.
Filling in all these forms is such a bore.
The programmes were desk-reviewed, and views were sought from a wide group of international experts. A comparison was made with another major school-readiness measurement approach being used by the World Bank.
The Working Group considers that his trial was grossly unfair.
Concerning Indonesia, the Working Group heard a submission on West Papua and the problems of implementing autonomy solutions and of military operations in the area.
The Republic of Korea stood ready to make further positive contributions to the reduction of emissions and to the effort to protect the global climate.
RVA permitted CAGL to continue using the EL prefix, despite the notice.
He’s kind, considerate, gentle – everything she’s ever looked for in a man.
In particular, it was noted that such facilities were likely to play a significant role in shaping paperless trade, thus directly impacting electronic commerce procedures.
Representatives from organizations of persons with disabilities were not involved in the Millennium Development Goals process.
Complicating their task is the fact that many characteristics of a given species vary from male to female or adults to juveniles.
To do that,I need you to tell me what it is you think he's mixed up in.
The Committee was informed that the Department of Safety and Security and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations maintain separate databases with regard to fatal and non-fatal incidents.
Maybe - I can try this.
Mrs. Hurstwood noticed the lack of colour in it. She turned upon him, animal-like, able to strike an effectual second blow
Reports of trafficking, though requiring vigilance, were as yet largely unsubstantiated.
She was in labor for 15 hours.
He's kind of a strange old hermit.
Nonetheless, the Special Rapporteur believes that it would be desirable to develop a mechanism -- which could take the form of a follow-up report -- to assess the extent to which recommendations have been implemented.
The stock - market crisis struck at the soft underbelly of the US economy, eg its trade deficit.
24. Approximately 37 contributions noted that Cuba has achieved a considerable degree of inter-cultural harmony and multi-racial integration.
Organization of work
A/56/561/Add.5
This led the Security Council to adopt resolution 707 (1991) of 15 August 1991, demanding that Iraq provide full, final and complete disclosure of all aspects of its programmes to develop WMD and ballistic missiles.
On 10 March 2007, between 1830 hours and 2200 hours, an enemy Israeli reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace and circled over the sea between the South and al-Damur. It then departed Lebanese airspace over `Alma al-Sha`b.
:: Supply of 20.7 million litres of petrol, oil and lubricants for air operations
During this time, terrorists have indiscriminately fired over 260 Qassam rockets at these communities in wanton acts of terror.
107. The Commission emphasized the importance of appropriate monitoring measures and monitoring bodies for checks and balances, periodical auditing, monitoring and reporting to accelerate the pace of improvement of the status of women in the United Nations common system.
They also have access to consultancy and assistance from medical workers and experts of public health-care establishments, offices, enterprises and meetings held jointly by local administration in collaboration with the health-care and population and family planning sectors.
I see eight kites, flying in the skies.
I'm a stranger in this country. I just arrived from China.
These higher nutrient levels result in a rapid increase in the biological population of the water.
They had no protection from the fallout.
No, he needn Why need you go today?
It takes ( me ) ten minutes to smoke a cigarette and A cigarette lasts ( me ) ten minutes.
Also included in table 1 are operations that have been subsumed under other missions or operations during 2006.
At its sixtieth session, the General Assembly noted the decision of the Meeting of the States Parties that the Working Group on Mines Other Than Anti-Personnel Mines would continue its work in 2005; also noted the decision of the Meeting of the States Parties that the Working Group on Explosive Remnants of War would continue its work in 2005; encouraged the Chairperson-designate and the Group to conduct work, in accordance with the mandate for 2005, with the aim of elaborating appropriate recommendations on mines other than anti-personnel mines, for submission to the Meeting of the States Parties on 24 and 25 November 2005; recalled the decision of the Second Review Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects to convene a further conference not later than 2006; requested that the conference be held in November 2006 in Geneva and be preceded by as many preparatory meetings as deemed necessary by the States parties, and also requested the Meeting of the States Parties on 24 and 25 November 2005 to take a final decision on those matters; requested that the Third Review Conference and its preparatory meetings exert maximum effort to promote universalization of the Convention, as amended, and of all Protocols thereto, including through the holding of regional conferences and seminars; and requested the Secretary-General to continue to inform the General Assembly periodically, by electronic means, of ratifications and acceptances of and accessions to the Convention and the Protocols thereto (resolution 60/93).
Years in England
When the CTC inquired about them to the Permanent Mission of Qatar to the United Nations, the latter re-designated the documents as `sources' instead of `annexes.'
It was reported that from March 1996 SLORC troops ordered village after village in eight townships (Larng Kher, Murng Nai, Nam Zarng, Lai Kha, Murng Kerng, Kun Hing, Ke See and Murng Su) to move to a total of 45 relocation sites.
(c) The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development is encouraged to:
Such prohibitions are contained in penal codes, constitutions, ministerial decrees and other specialized legislation.
(f) Summaries of Judgments, Advisory Opinions and Orders of the International Court of Justice;
With the completion of the AFRC and CDF judgement in June and July 2007 respectively, the Appeals Chamber will become fully operational and be in situ in Freetown.
Youfu as well . Very soon, the two entangle and flop onto the ground.
Diplomatic passport holders are exempt from visa requirements for travel up to 90 days.
Article 98 The employing unit that revokes labour contracts or purposely delays the conclusion of labour contracts in violation of the conditions specified in this Law shall be ordered by the labour administrative department to make corrections and shall bear the responsibility for compensation if damaged have been caused to labourers.
(b) The number of arbitrators shall be ... [one or three];
Over the years, the relationship between the two countries has grown better than ever before.
Greatness lives in one who triumphs equally over defeat and victory.
The resolutions' provisions on asset freeze measures are implemented by the Regulation, section 3.
8. The Committee considered item 3 (b) of its agenda, contained in documents E/C.2/2004/R.2/Add.16 through 32, at its 17th through 20th, 23rd to 26th, 28th to 31st and 33rd to 36th meetings, on 5, 6, 9 to 13 and 16 to 19 May 2005.
III
The police inspector gives a summary of events leading to the raid on the house.
Overhead cost analyses
Or perhaps a little of both?
(ii) Office partitions to create office space in accordance with the new office space guidelines.
(i) Adopt adequate measures to ensure that no person can be expelled, returned or extradited to another State where there are substantial grounds for believing that that person would be in danger of being subjected to torture; steps must be taken to ensure that these persons have the possibility of explaining these grounds in impartial and adversarial proceedings whose findings are subject to review by a higher authority;
51. At its 49th meeting, on 25 July, the Council decided to defer consideration of the item to its resumed session.
The Ambassador confirmed that he would convey the Committee's concerns and request for investigations, in cases No. 187/2001 and No. 188/2001, to the State party and update the Committee on any subsequent follow-up action taken.
In that connection, the Plan of Implementation for Agenda 21 built on the actions adopted in Copenhagen and again at the Copenhagen+5 summit and expanded upon the steps to be taken to promote a coordinated approach to the consideration of environmental, economic and social policies.
Mohamed Ezzeldin Abdel-Moneim (Egypt)
Runoff of untreated livestock waste adds to pollution in rivers and lakes.
But the fact that the third State may not be able to espouse the claim in terms of reparation for injury to its nationals until local remedies have been exhausted does not mean that that State has no legal interest to protect at an earlier time.
Moreover, the Agreement establishes a National Peace and Rehabilitation Commission to develop assistance and rehabilitation activities for persons displaced by conflict.
310. Medical and hospital treatment, laboratory work, vaccinations and surgery of all kinds, from the simplest procedures to the most complicated organ transplants and the use of the most up-to-date and costly techniques, such as computer-aided tomography, are available to the Cuban public entirely free of charge and without any discrimination.
Pretty sparse, but enough to start the seeds of light and life in the galaxy.
Functional equivalence was clearly guaranteed by the revised "Purpose" section, subparagraph (b) of which provided for equal treatment of all providers of acquisition financing.
Moreover, some benefits – for example, parental leave – are conditional on seniority within a company.
International Herald Tribune reported that one American youth could see 40,000 murder cases and 200,000 other violent acts from the media before the age of 18.
82. In the Government, an official whose political opinions diverge from the official line is simply removed from his post.
Under the topic "the way forward" he mentioned that changing regulations were likely to drive further innovations in air-conditioning and refrigeration equipment, including those related to the application of low-GWP refrigerants in all subsectors.
Mr. Pierre Mousset
15. To withdraw its reservation to article 4 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
Early this morning, at least five of the newly rebuilt refugee homes were detonated and destroyed and several residents were imprisoned by Serbian paramilitary police.
Averøy
Between 0640 and 0650 hours Israeli forces fired three 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Tulin and Qabrikha from their position at the Mays al-Jabal checkpoint.
review of current regional coordination arrangements with a view to improvement; and
Strong coffee excites your nerves.
29. Kenya had made substantial progress in its efforts to incorporate the provisions of various human rights instruments, including the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, into its domestic legislation.
To hell with this guy. Don't let him take this robot.
It appears that on the very day when he made his obscure entry into the little town of M. sur M., just at nightfall, on a December evening, knapsack on back and thorn club in hand, a large fire had broken out in the town-hall
Kuwait conducted field studies that included the analysis of recent satellite imagery, combined with over 24,000 field observations, in order to determine the extent of the environmental damage.
Aware of the need to follow closely the scientific and technological developments that may have a negative impact on international security and disarmament, and to channel scientific and technological developments for beneficial purposes,
46. Two challenges faced by other United Nations entities with centralized and decentralized evaluation functions are: (a) the need to clearly delineate the scope, including respective roles and responsibilities, of centralized and decentralized evaluation activities; and (b) the need to establish an integrated and comprehensive evaluation function that avoids a disjointed approach to evaluation in the organization.
The Committee appreciates the frank and constructive dialogue with the oneperson delegation while regretting that the delegation could not cover all the areas addressed by the Convention.
She's a security risk.
Love is hopefully to accord with his/her step,and communicate with the minds of yours, His unconsious funny word that would make you look blues ,even for drowned in tears in no minute
China’s best supplies of renewable energy (especially wind and solar power) are in Western China, while most of China’s population and energy demand are concentrated on the Pacific (eastern) seaboard.
As for the appropriateness of the Tribunal adjudicating war crimes, some years ago a great authority in this area, B. V. A. Ring, wrote:
The international community and people all over the world lay great expectations on the Council.They all hope that the Council will play its due role, and enhance more effectively all human rights and fundamental freedoms at global level.
After all, it is not as though some of these older models were really any good, at least, not compared with today's far more comfortable and reliable cars that are so much easier to drive.
The big day requires something pretty special.
Some members argued for the retention of traditional summary records, which represented the official record and institutional memory of the bodies concerned.
The high transport costs which result from their particular geographical handicaps continue to have a significant adverse impact on their international trade performance and overall economic development.
Finally, an end to writing the title out twice in every document!
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Friday, 21 November 1997
Facilitator, Mr. Felix Mbayu (Cameroon), under agenda item 51 (Follow-up to and implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development)
Performance evaluation report
She further notes that violence also has the consequence of contributing to the incidence of disability among women.
Aggregating deepwater species detected with echosounders were easy targets and excessive fishing effort led to serial depletion of localized concentrations, both on seamounts and continental slopes.
And she had always and consistently urged him to get a job, to go to work - good God!
The report of the Secretary-General, "We the Peoples: the role of the United Nations in the twenty-first century" (A/54/2000) displays great promise in this direction.
S/2011/351
A total of 12 nationality colleges run specially for minority nationality students have been set up in different parts of the country.
Notes
The combined size of the economies of all the AU's countries is still on a par with the Netherlands' at an official exchange rate.
(b) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the interim report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants (Commission resolution 2004/53).
Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce
Transport in Hainan
It involves both a legislative and a capacity-building component to ensure the compatibility of skills and mechanisms to achieve such results.
Submissions from Parties
338. The Committee recommends that the State party review its laws, policies and practices to ensure that article 3 of the Convention is duly reflected therein and that this principle is taken into account when administrative, policy, court or other decisions are made.
The zone is creating economic diversification, inward investment and job opportunities.
Cleaning and waste disposal occupations
13 August 1995
I'm sorry to barge in like that.
(a) of the average per-square-metre premium of leases granted in each of the past five years by the authorities for land used as petrol filling station;
Owing to a very purposeful development, major indices of telecommunication services have reached the European Union average.
75. It was of great concern that, since December 1998, IAEA had been unable to conduct its verification and monitoring activities in Iraq under the relevant Security Council resolutions.
5. The inter-relationship between school and society;
It asked how the Government contemplates integration keeping in view the social and cultural rights and other fundamental rights of migrant population.
The fourth session will mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Strategic Approach in Dubai in February 2006, with five years remaining to achieve the 2020 goal.
The Committee then, in accordance with rule 130 of the Rules of Procedure of the General Assembly voted on the amendment proposed by the United States which was rejected by 28 in favour, to 44 against with seven abstentions.
Through the amendment of the National Fiscal Act on April 2010, not only general accounts but also funds can be included in the category of Gender-responsive Budgeting Scheme, thereby enlarging the scope of organizations and projects to be involved.
13. On this point, it should be noted that the CONAVIM was created on 1 June 2009 by presidential decree as a deconcentrated administrative organ of the SEGOB, for the purpose of exercising the powers given by law and regulation to that ministry with respect to the prevention, treatment, punishment and eradication of violence against women in Mexico.
Mouse Hunt
Furthermore, the Secretary-General's proposals currently under discussion in the Fifth Committee would increase development expenditure to no more than 18.2 per cent, a level lower than ten years earlier.
Total
(1 tael meat's protein ? 1 egg OR 1/3 medium bowl of firm tofu)
Under the provisions of article 92, subparagraph 1 of the Labour Code, the hours must be recovered within two months of the interruption of work, and shall be paid at the normal rate, unless the collective agreements provide for more favourable terms.
The off-gas let out from factory often pollute atmosphere.
According to a witness, before the construction of the wall, 87 per cent of the population in communities around Jerusalem reportedly had access to health-care facilities.
I will take fate by the throat, it will not bend me completely to its will.
"Egypt reiterates its call for the Committee to continue its work aimed at putting an end to the illegal Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories and to Israeli practices and violations of Palestinians' human rights, especially the unjust and illegal siege of the Gaza Strip and Israel's continued targeting of Palestinian civilians.
10. Millenium Declaration, General Assembly resolution 55/2, para. 19.
Section V. Review concerning reduction of sentence under article 110
V. Abuse and violence
Analysis of ongoing operations: Gross margins on project services
If the party paying the deposit defaults, he shall have no right to demand the return of the deposit; if the party accepting the deposit defaults, he shall return twice the amount of the deposit.
In the French Community, the Community Policy Statement for 2009 - 2014 provides that the Government will increase the number of websites carrying the Anysurfer label.
Working Group on Communications on the Status of Women of the Commission on the Status of Women (E/2009/27, chap. I.C, draft resolution IV, and E/2009/SR.40)
You a talent for developing your own style or unique approach to a subject.
First week: 28 April - 2 May 2008
Principal current research topics include air pollution, endocrine disrupters, epidemiology, food and diet, and risk assessment.
This tool is already being used in 10 departments (Nariño, Valle del Cauca, Chocó, Cauca, Norte de Santander, Santander, Putamayo, Caquetá, Huila and Tolima); it is scheduled to be introduced country-wide.
The Ministers and the high level representatives of States attending the "Special International Conference, at Ministerial Level, of Developing Countries with Substantial International Migrant Flows" held in Lima on 15 - 16 May 2006, following the suggestion made by the General Assembly of the United Nations to formulate initiatives that contribute to the High Level Dialogue on International Migration and Development.
We know I'm gonna clean up.
3. The Summit was also attended by the Secretary-General of the Organization of African Unity (OAU), Dr. Salim Ahmed Salim; the President of the African Development Bank (ADB), Mr. Omar Kabbaj; the Secretary-General of the Common Market for Southern and Eastern African States (COMESA), Mr. Erastus Mwencha; and the Acting Director of the Southern African Sub-regional Development Centre of the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA), Mr. Robert Okello, on behalf of the Executive Secretary of the ECA, Mr. K. Y. Amoako.
Spence was not sure he was the man for the job.
Ingvar Jónsson
Members of the Rhode Island House of Representatives
At its thirty-ninth session, in 1984, the General Assembly adopted and opened for signature, ratification and accession the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (resolution 39/46, annex), and called upon all Governments to consider signing and ratifying the Convention as a matter of priority (resolution 39/46).
The Secretary-General has submitted to the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 98, a report entitled “Role of microcredit in the eradication of poverty” (A/53/223).
The minimum residency requirement is waived for all Hong Kong representatives stationed in the Mainland representative offices of Hong Kong law firms (offices) located in Shenzhen and Guangzhou. For the Hong Kong representatives stationed in the Mainland representative offices of Hong Kong law firms (offices) located in places other than Shenzhen and Guangzhou, their minimum residency requirement is 2 months each year.
Thousands of homes and government buildings are flooded and several roads washed out.
2.1.1 AIRCRAFT AND ENGINES
Messages of solidarity may be sent to room S-3350 (tel.: (212) 963-5172).
At its eighth session in 2009, the Permanent Forum called upon States to ensure the application of culturally relevant, gender-balanced and gender-based analysis as well as gender-responsive budgeting in all projects as critical elements of economic and social development.
Stabat Mater
exclaimed Arthur Dimmesdale, shrinking within himself, and pressing his hand nervously against his heart- a gesture that had grown involuntary with him
Article 24 The Red Cross Society shall establish a system for examining and supervising the use of its funds.
Going forward, we wish UNV continued success in its important work.
26. The resource and staffing requirements for the programme are presented in tables 8 and 9, respectively.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/52/629/Add.4)]
Children were also victims of claymore mine attacks; for example, on 29 January 2008, a claymore mine detonated on a bus carrying mostly schoolchildren in Thatchanamadhu, Mannar district, an area that was tactically controlled by LTTE.
Direct measurement can be made of metabolites in urine and faeces.
The first two volumes repeat a device used in previous Murakami books to present parallel experiences.
(2) Visa Z to aliens who come to China to take up posts or employment and to their accompanying family members
We have embarked on a series of significant and long-term projects in our region.
5. While welcoming the establishment of the National Commission for Human Rights and Citizenship (NCHRC), the Committee expresses concern at the lack of information on its operations and its independence.
- The Secretary-General's report, submitted in accordance with the mandate he received from the Security Council, is conclusive and comprehensive, and leads to a logical conclusion: that the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has complied with all its obligations.
Recalling further its resolution 68/309 of 10 September 2014, in which it welcomed the report of the Open Working Group on Sustainable Development Goals and decided that the proposal of the Open Working Group contained in the report shall be the main basis for integrating sustainable development goals into the post-2015 development agenda, while recognizing that other inputs will also be considered, in the intergovernmental negotiation process at the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly,
Pakistan
"With three younger sisters grown up, " replied Elizabeth smiling, "your Ladyship can hardly expect me to own it. "
Lycaena
Technology transfer and intellectual property rights
Pope Benedict is continuing to face demands from the Muslim world to apologize for his controversial comments about Islam.Turkish workers from a religious affairs union demonstrated in Ankara Tuesday, demanding the pope apologize or cancel his planned trip to Turkey.
Then the king of Israel called an officer and said, "Bring quickly Micaiah son of Imlah."
Report of the Secretary-General*
I can do things for twelve hours that would appall me if I had to keep them up for a lifetime.
The Space Research Institute of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences expressed an interest in hosting the next meeting of the group.
Company logos
(a) Decided that the seventh session of the Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters would be held in Geneva from 24 to 28 October 2011;
" The man was enraged and lifted up his stick, and was just going to give her the beating he had promised her, when suddenly he lowered the stick and said, "You are the stupidest goose that ever waddled on God's earth, but I am sorry for you
We are not persuaded by the argument, which some might endeavour to make, that our proposals have become unnecessary on account of the improved political climate.
Mr. Wu Gang (China)***
The period following childbirth when there is no risk of becoming pregnant is believed to be nine months on average.
Moderate Arab and Muslim States today recognize that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is not the cause of instability in our region and that the conflict can and will end.
His Government was ready and willing to do everything possible to ensure the Programme's success.
Jason, this could be a dump question. But thats what I wanna talk today. Jason
Patients were followed up for a median (midpoint) of 24 months for disease recurrence or death.
British racecar constructors
B. Integrated approaches for achieving the Millennium Development Goals
In Britain, the probability of depression for men and women peaks at around 44 years of age, Warwick University said in a press release.
Just remember: with great power comes great responsibility.
Let me show you.! "Looks can be deceiving.
I shall tell him I've made up my mind, and shall walk out of the room with dignity.
Progress in implementing the internal commitment of UNDP to gender equality is described in chapter IV.
Even the folk knowledge in social systems on whichordinarylife is based in earning, spending, organizing, marrying,takingpart in political activities, fighting and so on , is notverydissimilar from the more sophisticated images of the socialsystemderived from the social sciences, even though it is builtupon thevery imperfect samples of personal experience. 44.
Recalling also Economic and Social Council resolution 2013/46 of 26 July 2013 on the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2011 - 2020,
(b) A fee schedule was designed based on type of services provided, which did not include costs already being reimbursed in other areas of the Contingent-Owned Equipment Manual (i.e., personnel and major equipment usage).
accession or
A representative of a State Party may appeal against the ruling of the President.
The Right to Information Act, intended to ensure transparency and accountability, has been hollowed out by government foot-dragging, and a national Ombudsman, or Lokpal, has not yet been appointed, nearly five years after a law was passed to create the position.
and human resources development
Regular programme of technical cooperation
The price you offer is not in line with the prevailing market.
He felt guilty at deserting his daughter.
(d) For middle-income countries with a GNI per capita under the $6,660 threshold, a minimum range of 35-45 per cent of the prior period TRAC-1 will be guaranteed with a minimum of $350,000 in those countries with a UNDP country office presence, and a minimum of $50,000 in those countries without a UNDP country office presence;
He spotted Coral, who was motionless, staring into the water at a hungry barracuda.
AK -- Kalashnikov rifle
Two players, two sides.
Objective To explore the treatment of axillary deformity caused by post-burn cicatricial contracture.
:: Participant with WHO consultant status in the fifth session of the Conference of Parties to the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, Seoul, 1217 November 2012
At the same time, there was a danger that commitments agreed to at recent major international conferences might not be fully implemented.
In its advisory opinion on Reparations for Injuries Suffered in the Service of the United Nations, the Court derived the right of the United Nations to bring claims against a non-Member State from its universal vocation.
51. With a view towards the operationalization of the 2012 policy on joint operations centres with respect to integrated reporting, the Mission's Joint Operations Centre, with its current staffing establishment of two posts (1 P-5 and 1 P-4), will assume responsibility for integrated information-monitoring, reporting and situational awareness in support of the effective integration of Mission-wide operational awareness, integrated daily and weekly situational reporting to United Nations Headquarters and related liaison capacity, consistent mechanisms and procedures for crisis response.
The current development model based on increasing production and consumption is no longer sustainable.
Madagascar
It is a common wish of people of all countries to solve the drug problem as soon as possible and to build this planet into a healthy, civilized, happy and beautiful world.
Currently, the Council has mandated the deployment of more than 15,000 United Nations police officers in 17 peace operations.
Standard provisions in these frameworks include the criminalization of illegal access, illegal interception, illegal data interference, illegal system interference, computer-related fraud and computer-related forgery.
When it came to their rights, however, discrimination prevailed.
11. The Committee recommends that the State party allocate funds for the implementation of the Plan of Action at the national level without delay, and encourage, to the greatest extent possible, the regions to allocate the funds required for activities at the regional level.
As far as I knew, they never lost a package from the Unite States.
Here, too, there may be substantial differences in the treatment of those projects under domestic laws, for instance as to whether the contracting authority retains the right to reclaim title to the facility or to assume responsibility for its operation (see also chap. V, “Infrastructure development and operation”, ___).
The year is drawing so fast to its close.
5. Draws the attention of Governments to the importance, for the International Law Commission, of having their views on the draft articles on State responsibility adopted on first reading by the Commission, and urges them to submit their comments and observations in writing by 1 January 1998, as requested by the Commission;
9. The EU urges the IAEA to launch education and training programmes that will contribute to the updating of nuclear knowledge so as to meet the needs of both developing and developed countries.
Have you ever seen this Black Knight before?
These thematic priorities comprise poverty reduction through productive activities (linked to MDGs 1 and 3), trade capacity-building (linked to MDG 7) and environment and energy (linked to MDG 8).
He said flights will resume today.
It might be worth pursuing the idea broached by some delegations of having some interaction on the outstanding issues in the margins of the Sixth Committee next year.
42. Calls upon donor countries and other countries in a position to do so to contribute resources to the implementation of the two pilot independent system-wide evaluations, and requests the Secretary-General to report on progress in this regard in 2015 as part of his regular reporting to the Economic and Social Council;
At UNRWA, procurement plans were prepared only for items that had been procured under the regular budget, excluding items acquired through project funds (see A/69/5/Add.4, para. 61);
In the Board’s view, procurement delays arose as a result of weak procurement planning at the global level.
11. AI further reported that the human rights situation in the DPRK continued to be shrouded in secrecy.
Finance Institutions (Asociación Latinoamericana de Instituciones XVII(I)*
As at 30 June 2003, trials in the Butare case (6 accused) and the Military case (4 accused) were in progress.
" When the children came into the garden on that afternoon, they found the giant lying dead under the tree, covered with white flowers. <font size=4pt;">I.
National staff: increase of 7 posts
The key objective of the legal library is to collect, catalogue and disseminate updated and validated knowledge of anti-corruption legal efforts to help strengthen the implementation of the Convention and its ratification or accession by States.
Total unpaid assessed contributions as at 30 June 2002 amounting to $36.0 million reflect a decrease of $0.2 million.
He was almost expelled from school for persistent rule-breaking and was once arrested as he tried to climb into his dormitory through a window.
Michael Hart, head of research for north China at Jones Land LaSalle, says the new measures are not designed to scare off foreign investment, but to give the government more information about who is investing where.（职位名查自该机构网站）
What does this festival celebrate?
He noted that the partnership between UNIFIL and the armed forces was strong, including joint exercises and training, and said there had been a brief suspension of some of these activities when the armed forces needed to respond to attacks on Arsal by ISIL in August and Jabhat Al Nusrah.
National space laws normally apply to non-governmental organizations, but may also apply to governmental organizations.
This novel approach was motivated by the need to appropriate property or assets intended for terrorist activities, in keeping with the international requirements noted in the Committee's communication.
What it amounts to, is blood sacrifice.
The meeting rose at 5.05 p.m.
66. CoE-Commissioner recognized the well-developed opportunities for non-majority communities to receive education in their own language, but referred to the need to address the negative impact of ethnic segregation in schools including lack of mutual comprehension and social cohesion.
Article 70 A prison shall, in the light of the individual conditions of prisoners, rationally organize them to do labour so as to correct their bad habits, to cultivate their habits of working, to acquire production skills and to create conditions for employment after their release.
""" "I wish he would go home.
32. Recently, the construction of dams has been seriously questioned in several countries.
Annunciation
You are most welcome to visit this site and make you valuable comments and suggestions.
This means that any agreement between the Palestinian authorities and the Israeli Government that recognizes settlements within the occupied Palestinian territory, or accepts the annexation by Israel of Palestinian land within the wall, will violate the Fourth Geneva Convention.
She promoted the signing of a memorandum of understanding between the Argentine Ministry of Economic Affairs and the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women) on developing a gender-sensitive budget.
It will promote policy advocacy and the exchange of experiences and good practices with respect to the dynamics of productive development among stakeholders at the regional, national and local levels through meetings, seminars and electronic forums.
methods Of the total demand for family planning services, 83 per cent comes from women living with a man and 21.2 per cent from other women.
3 memorandums of understanding and 3 common services agreement templates to establish the framework for cooperation and coordination of support between United Nations agencies, funds and programmes collaborating in integrated missions, as co-Chair of the thematic group for support of the Integration Steering Group
His detention was extended despite the fact that the Attorney-General's request for extension was submitted after the time limit and failed to provide any evidence that might demonstrate the existence of substantive grounds.
To perform a contract, the applicant has to obtain a Contract License (authorization of export/import).
The following are key energy-using units: (1) units that consume an annual total of energy equaling over 10,000 tons of standard coal each; and (2) units that consume an annual total of energy equaling between 5,000 and 10,000 tons of standard coal each, as determined by the relevant department under the State Council or the administrative departments for energy conservation of the people's governments of provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government.
It is in this spirit that the current and future challenges can be resolved.
Other possible additions: jobless benefits and homeowner tax breaks.
The European Union believes that the lifting of the United States trade embargo would open Cuba's economy, to the benefit of the Cuban people.
Chateau Des Pyramides Hotel
Education and experience teach us to override it, but itleaves us, he says.
Commitment period reserve
The Committee encourages the State party to take appropriate steps to exercise supervision over the discretionary element of the powers vested in the prison authorities, and the corresponding risk of arbitrary action.
Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs
smoke like a chimneykeep your chin up!a cup with a chip out of itThe bowl has a chipped edge.chocolaten.chocolate cakeI'd like a piece of chocolate
Globalization has further marginalized small island developing States in the global market.
Stick box machine could automatism enter box and exact open the error box.
Mr. Chidyausiku (Zimbabwe): It is now common knowledge that HIV/AIDS continues to cause untold suffering among many nations in the world.
Report of the Secretary-General on the preparations for and observance of the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family in 2004
Russian Federation
4.23 We note that government schools are subject to service-wide financial and civil service rules and procedures.
47. United Nations police conducted 10 public surveys on public security matters in 16 communities within the security zone.
A memorandum of understanding between both institutions was signed on 8 June 1996 with a view to facilitating coordination and joint implementation of projects.
17 July 2007
Practical steps are required to give new impetus to multilateral nuclear disarmament efforts.
In the wake of the events of 11 September 2001, the High Committee on Fund-raising restricted all fund-raising for foreign countries to contributions in kind.
Women are reportedly especially affected by discriminatory acts based on religion or religious traditions.
Now intercultural nonverbal communication plays a more important role in the teaching of foreign languages with the development of study in the field.
F. Report and recommendations made by the Panel of Commissioners concerning the second instalment of F4 claims (S/AC.26/2002/26)
The second said I will send her a Mercedes with a driver
UNCITRAL took note of the increasing use of security filters (such as "spam" filters) and other technologies restricting the receipt of unwanted or potentially harmful communications (such as communications suspected of containing computer viruses).
The report mentioned ongoing informal consultations among members of the Gender Equality Council, but she would like details on any formal discussions under way.
41. The compilation and sharing of well-documented best practices at the national, regional and international levels can also contribute to effective approaches to development by informing stakeholders of strategies that have worked elsewhere and about barriers faced and lessons learned in relevant projects.
However, bill No. 1499 of 10 March 2004 did not include a mechanism for providing compensation for confiscated property.
The framework comprises three core principles: the State duty to protect against human rights abuses by third parties, including business; the corporate responsibility to respect human rights; and the need for more effective access to remedies.
It would be helpful for the Committee to be able to distinguish those categories when reviewing the calendar.
The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m.
After checking the information, the researchers and the organisations' correspondents send protest letters to the authorities to put pressure on governments which do not respect the right to inform and to be informed, and send releases to the media to drum up support for the journalists under attack.
In this respect, the decision of the South African authorities to allow asylum-seekers to work and study while claims are assessed is a welcome development.
But can I part for ever from the happiness of Prince Andrey's love, which I have been living on for so long?”
The agreement did not constitute any change with respect to staff benefits but it regulated, for staff who had worked under Austrian employment law and Austrian social security law, how their benefits changed when they became UNIDO staff members and what happened if there were changes in Austrian social security law, so that any benefits they had accrued were protected.
(ii) Annual report, 1997;
The peoples of the Arab nation will never endorse the degeneration of disputes between Arab States to the point where they become a stereotype.
This list included police stations, pre-trial detention centres, prisons, re-education though labour camps, and psychiatric hospitals in Beijing, Shangdu and Lhasa.
As such, if the recommendation of the Committee is accepted, it should be applied with prospective effect.
In that context, the plan of implementation of the WSSD referred to the UNCCD as one of the strategic tools for eradicating poverty.
I can be reached at my office during work hours and at home in the evening.
As a result, the primary objective of the law that replaced it, Act No. 20370 on Education (Diario Oficial, 12 September 2009), was to make explicit that "it shall be the duty of the State to encourage integrity, to develop education at all levels and in every way and to promote the study and knowledge of the essential rights inherent in human nature; to foster a culture of peace and the absence of arbitrary discrimination; to encourage scientific and technological research and innovation, artistic creation, the practising of sports and the protection and preservation of the country's natural and cultural heritage as well as its cultural diversity" (art. 5).
9. Rule 206.7, Maternity leave, is retitled Maternity and paternity leave, and subparagraphs (b) and (e) are amended to reflect the new entitlement to paternity leave, as approved by General Assembly resolution 59/268.
29. On the other hand, apart from establishing a relief system for victims on the civil and criminal law, victims of terrorist crimes (who are considered victims of violent crimes under Article 1(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code) can also refer to Law no. 6/98/M, Law on the Protection of Victims of Violent Crimes, whereby victims can apply for a special financial compensation even if the offender's identity is not known or if, for any reason, the offender cannot be accused or convicted.
The report said: “Maintaining clean air is essential in retaining talent and attracting international investment.”
91. As for the health concerns which had been raised, in order to ensure the safety of staff, regular tests were conducted of air and water quality as well as of the level of electromagnetic interference in the Secretariat buildings.
You can rely on the Polish delegation for its full and constructive cooperation in the discharge of your important mandate.
28. The Peacebuilding Fund was launched on 11 October 2006 by the Secretary-General at the request of the General Assembly.
Work will be in progress at 81 out of 90 schools.
36. Regular consultations have been pursued between the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the various OSCE institutions.
Over the last decade, the epidemic in Chile has been tackled through an intersectoral approach, including a standing committee composed of under-secretaries for health, the interior, the cabinet, education, justice, planning, labour and the police.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
192. We reiterate the need for cooperation through the sharing of climate and weather information and forecasting and early warning systems related to desertification, land degradation and drought, as well as to dust storms and sandstorms, at the global, regional and subregional levels.
High inequality also affects the subjective well-being and sense of self-worth of individuals.
Through the microorganism and metabolism product distribution for field test of cognition so that we could know and optimize microbial flooding better in field. 3.
 Perhaps an even more significant development this year was the formation of the Contact Group, whose territorial proposal was accepted by all the parties except, unfortunately, the Bosnian Serbs.
We do not support the idea of financial penalties.
One that has persisted for years (decades, actually) is the difficulty of getting multicavity tools to produce identical parts.
Periodic industry censuses / surveys provide the detailed structural data needed for a wide range of economic statistical outputs, including:
Sri Lanka made a recommendation.
The principle of equality for women is entrenched in Article 12 of the Constitution of Singapore which states that "all persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of the law".
Gordon's jokes  produced a great deal of laughter.
11. The estimated value of non-budgeted contributions for the period from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007 is as follows:
Bulgaria
After the storm the town was as silent  as the grave.
3.1.3 Maintained procurement lead time from approval of requisitions to delivery of goods and services at 90 days
:: Categories A and B
 This amount was channelled through UNRWA, which made the payments in cooperation with the League of Arab States.
The utilization of Everything but Arms preferences by 41 least developed countries eligible only for Everything but Arms was 81 per cent and lower than the level registered by nine ACP least developed countries that export using the economic partnership agreement rules of origin (98 per cent).
More powerful printing options
Regional centres may work together, especially in the areas of their comparative advantage within their regions, and may collaborate with FAO and UNEP regional offices in the implementation of the activities.
when the instrument is situated at more than 700 miles from the earthquake centre ,the graphic record shows 3 waves arriving one after at a short intervals Two main techniques have been used for training elephants, which we may respectively the tough and the gentle
It was striking that while corporations ensured that trade rules and loan conditionality were binding, efforts to reduce poverty, such as the Millennium Development Goals and the proposed sustainable development goals, were not.
The Committee further recommended that delegations should be reminded of the utmost importance of punctuality in the interest of ensuring an effective and orderly organization of work and achieving economies for the United Nations.
4. Urges Member States to adopt measures, including, where appropriate, legislation, designed to criminalize all aspects of the misuse of technology to commit child sexual exploitation crimes and to consider, in accordance with national and international law, appropriate measures to detect and remove known child sexual abuse images from the Internet and to facilitate the identification of those responsible for the abuse and/or exploitation of children;
Alloys prepared by using WC powders with higher preparation temperatures are proven to have high impact toughness and good utility properties.
Senator Kennedy has passed away at the age of 77 at his home in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts after battling a brain cancer.
United Nations Military Liaison Team in Cambodia (UNMLT)a
17. Encourages UNDP to ensure that all nationally and directly implemented programmes and projects carried out in conflict-affected countries clearly outline their objectives aimed at national capacity-building, in line with a well-planned exit strategy.
 It has been necessary to identify recruits fluent in French and/or Creole, as many as possible with field experience and in all cases willing to live in difficult conditions, and as many as possible with human rights experience and/or legal training.
The incumbent must have the ability to set individual goals that are in alignment with plant error objectives and monitor progress.
34. However, even if the United Nations continued to distinguish between peacekeeping, no matter how complex, and the use of force, there would inevitably be crises when peacekeeping missions were conducted in areas where the situation was still unsettled.
The emulator opens in a new window.
Pyoksong County
Such means of delivery include missiles designed for delivering biological or toxin weapons.
The first is a decision rule that attempts to put a brake on government spending.
How could you do this to me? give me back my life savings!
Palestinians working in Israel are good for both sides, and better than the foreigners who come from distant lands and live an isolated life in Israel, solitary and under constant threat of expulsion.
It was acknowledged that there is a need to continue exploring options and the implications and impacts of these options.
14. Emphasizes the need to preserve and develop the Palestinian institutions and infrastructure for the provision of vital public services to the Palestinian civilian population and the promotion of human rights, including civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
The provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 14 shall be interpreted by the Algerian Government in compliance with the basic foundations of the Algerian legal system, in particular:
Squares in Taiwan
Introduction: this mode is an efficient vacuum filter unit that can be running continually.
22. The Collaborative Partnership on Forests held a strategic dialogue in Bonn, Germany, on 14 and 15 February 2008, which discussed new and emerging priorities after the adoption of the forest instrument.
The whole truth is that the Rwandan Defence Forces are not in the Ituri region or anywhere else in the Democratic Republic of the Congo territory.
The mechanism of thundercloud electrification is studied.
1. Welcomes the existing collaboration among relevant actors of the United Nations working on the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, including child protection, and encourages them, within existing resources and mandates, to highlight information on such collaboration in their existing reports to the General Assembly and to also address this issue within the framework of the existing Third Committee interactive dialogue under the item entitled "Promotion and protection of the rights of children", and invites these United Nations actors to further enhance their collaboration;
The war-torn economy, road blocks and other practices by the occupation authorities hindered the growth and economic development of the Palestinian people.
133. Such behaviour was unacceptable, and would certainly not be tolerated by his delegation.
96.4. Consider becoming a party to the 1967 Protocol to the United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees; adopt asylum legislation; sign a memorandum of understanding with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), formalizing the presence of UNHCR in the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and allowing UNHCR greater access to detained asylum-seekers and migrants (United States);
How come green gas smells different than fuel propane?
I didn't want you getting the wrong idea.
9. Migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers
3D Fantasies
Based on the latest expenditure status, and given the pace of project implementation, the commitment authority will not be utilized during the 2010-2011 biennium.
United Arab Emirates
Mobile-phone champion Nokia, one of Europe’s biggest technology success stories, was no exception, losing its market share in the space of just a few years.
Note by the Secretary-General
Item 10 of the provisional agenda*
16. Past attempts had been made to address seriously what is now recognized by the international community as a global landmine crisis.
64. Under the provisions of the former Labour Legislation Code and the present Labour Code, there are no restrictions on workers’ freedom to move from one job to another or from place to place.
Others say he is a man, just a man, but driven mad by the endless carnage he has witnessed.
The court where recognition or enforcement is sought shall not, in making that determination, undertake a review of the substance of the interim measure.
The Indian Authority would conduct further verification to the extent deemed necessary and disclose essential facts before announcing the final findings.
It pursues an independent foreign policy of peace and commits itself firmly to peaceful development. It seeks to accelerate its development by upholding world peace
If your training has been going well it may be very tempting to skip the mileage reduction this week.
4. In the event of any replies being received which represent the views of the majority of the Committee, the Chairman, while acting in accordance with such replies, shall bear in mind the requirement of urgency in transmitting the communication to the State party concerned on behalf of the Committee.
His injuries were such that he had to be taken to hospital.
Biodiversity: Land area protected
Death and disability compensation
Specific suggestions were made on how the United Nations could play a role in middle-income countries, act as an agent of ideas, foster South-South cooperation and support evidence-based action by national authorities.
Picrodendraceae
Minister of National Education, 1977-1978
There are reasonable grounds to believe that the damage was excessive when compared to the anticipated military advantage.
Emotions Encyclopedia - Play Therapy Group for Children
These research efforts have led to the publication of books.
It is launching its activities in China focussing on the distribution of financial products through retail distribution channels.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of funds of illicit origin and returning such assets to the countries of origin (A/58/125);
"Water Drop at Your Service" Roving Exhibition 2002
At this moment Villefort returned
1. Requests the Secretary-General to entrust the Head of Mission with the task of formulating future budget proposals in full accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolutions 59/296 of 22 June 2005, 60/266 of 30 June 2006, 61/276 of 29 June 2007, 64/269 of 24 June 2010 and 65/289 of 30 June 2011, as well as other relevant resolutions;
Combined Therapy for Malignant Neoplasms: Is there Consistency between Evidence and Action?
He had been asleep four hours.
This was indicative of the commitment to the advancement of women in the country, even during this difficult period of the post-genocide situation.
Oil
Regulation 9.3.
It's so beautiful.Sam: Interior design is my hobby, so... Li: So that explains the noise and the strangers... Sam: Yep
They believe that more precise policy directives to foster coordination and collaboration through the clustering arrangement would benefit the United Nations system, and, more importantly, improve its support to Africa's development.
Mizhi County
The Al-Asqa Foundation for Heritage and Waqf has reported that the "Israeli Antiquities Authority", in cooperation with the "Elad" settler organization, has already dug a 120-meter long tunnel from underneath the Silwan neighbourhood in Jerusalem towards the Al-Haram Al-Sharif compound in the Old City of Jerusalem.
Money does not grow on trees
The secretariat, together with the expert consultants, undertook a preliminary review of all 178 claims in order to identify what additional information or documentation, if any, could potentially assist the Panel in properly verifying and valuing the claims.
The Security Council's action today prepares the way for the international community to help Haiti and the Haitians, following President Aristide's return, to build their future.
(a) Coca-Cola will provide logistical support, with its wide presence across Africa, to support ongoing HIV/AIDS activities being managed by other actors.
Pacentro
Emotions
It expressed concerns at detention conditions, at reports on torture and other ill-treatment inflicted by the members of the police, and at the prevalence of impunity.
Tony: What do you do, Jenny? Jenny: I'm a secretary.
e. g. I wish to see the manager. = I want to see the manager.
12 September
1.3. A judge shall not only be free from inappropriate connections with, and influence by, the executive and legislative branches of government, but must also appear to a reasonable observer to be free therefrom.
10 - 11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C
In Latin America, there is a growing awareness of this balance between self-promoted development and multilateral cooperation.
 As mentioned in the above cases, these deplorable attacks, which took place with the participation and involvement of some local officials and most unfortunately some Greek religious leaders, were not the first attempts against the security and safety of Turkish diplomatic and consular missions and representatives in Greece.
(a) The need for the subject matter of the procurement is expected to arise on an indefinite or repeated basis during a given period of time; or
That proposal would also insert a new article after article 6, which it was said would provide for additional safeguards to consumers.
Thursday, 6 January 2005
Stressing that good governance at the national and international levels is essential for sustained economic growth, sustainable development and the eradication of poverty and hunger, as reflected in the 2005 World Summit Outcome,
The acceding countries Bulgaria and Romania, the candidate countries Croatia,* the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia* and Turkey, the countries of the stabilization and association process and potential candidates Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro, and the European Free Trade Association countries Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, members of the European Economic Area, as well as Ukraine and the Republic of Moldova align themselves with this statement.
He walked in the way of the house of Ahab and did evil in the sight of the Lord, like the house of Ahab had done, because he was a son-in-law of the house of Ahab.
Conceptual knowledge base includes two categories of knowledge elements, i. e. subject-related concepts and semantic relations among concepts.
1997: Workshop to disseminate research findings of study Influencing Policies from a Gender Perspective; A training programme for women NGOs in Uganda". Nairobi, Kenya.
For all those reasons, we have supported the draft resolution.
Letter dated 5 September 2006 from Victoria-Lola M. Leon Guerrero, Guahan Indigenous Collective, to the Chairman of the Committee*
Report of the Fifth Committee
Clinton-Colden Lake
The rate of overall industrial growth was above eight percent.
The situation is further exacerbated by the global economic recession that has affected many countries, including Cuba.
(a) Applicable law and policies, from the perspective of crime prevention and criminal justice, to combat trafficking in cultural property, including issues of criminalization and implementation of judicial decisions, with emphasis on the links between such trafficking and transnational organized crime;
Second Vice-Chair
UNCT United Nations country team
12. Encourages Member States to submit to the Committee for inclusion on its list of designees names of individuals or entities who meet the criteria set out in paragraph 8 above, as well as any entities owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the submitted individuals or entities or individuals or entities acting on behalf of or at the direction of the submitted entities;
The relevant members of the external structures are informed via the Internet when calls can be made.
United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious
This cup is a big idea that's making kids and moms flip.
NewYork city New York City has an demonstration unusual demonstration farm for hydroponics.
Criminal proceedings have been initiated and disciplinary measures taken against policemen and other government officials found guilty of human rights violations, and torture has been defined as a crime in the new Criminal Code.
Mr. Lothar Friedrich KRAPPMANN* Germany
Biennium
Their consumption however has more than doubled during the same period from 6.27 quadrillion Btu to 15.2 quadrillion Btu, 4 percent of the world's total primary energy consumption.
Cristian Schmidt
During its first decade, the Conference on Disarmament set out its priorities in the Decalogue -- on the basis of which the yearly agenda was to be created -- and specified its working methods, which were then periodically reviewed and modified.
1 July 2007
The recommended width of the median can be reduced with the proper type of guard fence.
Faced with a vicious combination of collapsing housing prices and imploding credit markets, the Fed has been aggressively cutting interest rates to try to stave off a recession.
Objective To speed up the expansion procedure.
Finally, Guatemala reaffirms its commitment to participate actively in the future discussions on Security Council reform.
The third pillar of the Madrid Plan of Action emphasizes the importance of affordable and accessible housing and a liveable environment.
The Programme contributed to climate stabilization on a global scale and would require international financial support for its expansion.
CRC also recommended strengthening the educational system through closer cooperation with UNICEF and UNESCO, and continuing to cooperate with, among others, WHO and UNICEF, through the Integrated Management of Childhood Illnesses and other measures for child health improvement.
On Oct. 11, last Saturday, six government agencies issued an order that all dairy products dated from before Sept. 14 -- regardless of brand -- be pulled from stores for testing, according to China's state-run Xinhua News Agency.
Significant initiatives have been presented, and there is no doubt that these should be considered in an appropriate and constructive way.
30. Environmental issues were an integral part of development, and the agreements reached in Kyoto were a significant first step in limiting growth in greenhouse gas emissions worldwide.
CRC/C/78/Add.3
14. Minorities have a right to participate in the life of the State and in decisions affecting them and their children's future.
"Prisoners shall be taught occupational skills which will facilitate their reintegration as useful members of society.
What's gonna set us back is if the tower guards are looking at A giant sinkhole out in no man's land.
26 June 1959
105. Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction (resolution 65/92).
5. Also at the same meeting, the Secretary of the Committee read out a statement of programme budget implications with regard to draft resolution A/C.2/64/L.65.
In addition, we welcome Poland's initiative to submit draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.31 in support of the Treaty.
Likewise, civil and military conflicts provide easy entry for traffickers, pimps and other perpetrators of sexual slavery who feed on the male demand for the prostitution of sex, exploiting local women, breeding transnational crime and providing a lucrative trade in human persons.
Connor, can you help us?
71. International human rights treaties prevail over national legislation.
In 2010, with the support of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the organization signed a memorandum of understanding with the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission to build the capacity of citizens to engage at the grass-roots level in the budgeting process of Edo State, Nigeria.
National staff: decrease of 2 posts
Czech Republic
Article 38 The formal ratifications of this Convention shall be communicated to the Director-General of the International Labour Office for registration.
Signed in 1996
Six reports on follow-up to the decisions/recommendations of the Committee at its previous session; environmentally sound and efficient technologies; renewable sources of energy, including biomass, ethanol and wind energy; development and implementation of rural energy policies; energy and transportation; and coordination of activities of the organizations of the United Nations system in the field of energy;
There were frenzied meetings in Dakar and Tora Bora and a night in Jalalabad when they split up and she cried into the small hours.
110. Article 28 (4) of the BL expressly prohibits torture or inhuman treatment.
Procurement of services and equipment;
Document symbol
There is an adjustment that takes a few days, but it is not unpleasant, it is simply like moving to a new place.
But during his first trip to Asia recently, he says he was pleasantly surprised by how well-dressed people were.
Monetary compensation for the immaterial damage (pain and suffering) or material damage (rehabilitation costs, etc.) may provide satisfaction as an additional form of reparation.
We treat it as a seed, giving it the water and nourishment required of a seed.
Articles 18, 24, 25 and 26 had been considered too vague by some States and too analytical by some others. The definition of “continuing wrongful acts” and “composite acts” in the draft articles might appear to be too abstract and not very helpful.
UNEP/CHW/OEWG.9/15
"Bearing in mind that crimes against women committed in the name of honour are a human rights issue and that States have an obligation to exercise due diligence to prevent, investigate and punish the perpetrators of such crimes and to provide protection to the victims, and that not doing so violates and impairs or nullifies the enjoyment of their human rights and fundamental freedoms,
Allow me at the outset to thank you, Mr. President, for having participated in the Dakar Summit on partnership with the private sector for financing Africa's growth through the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), and for having visited me.
OF NO COMPENSATION OR ONLY PARTIAL COMPENSATION
Of course, of course Of course, Madam ll see what I can do. Can I help
 3. Urges all Governments and competent regional organizations to develop a balanced approach within the framework of comprehensive demand reduction activities, giving adequate priority to prevention, treatment, research, social reintegration and training in the context of national strategic plans to combat drug abuse;
No country has ever chosen an approach where the "unfettered market forces" were allowed to rule the day without Governments engaging in many kinds of regulations and direct interventions.
Asda Jayanama (Thailand)***
Review of outstanding issues and a proposed new drafting approach in document A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.66 and addenda
Such a proof would only amount to a demonstration of a temporary credit balance.
Teenagers are likely to run counter to their parents in making friends.
24:9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake.
The population of Kosovo was recorded as 1,739,825.
Second, industrial agglomeration has effect on the inflow of FDI, and this affection is realized by industrial competitive advantage.
(l) Telecommunications solutions such as Blackberries enable this decentralized office to function efficiently.
The strategy will focus on helping parliaments develop stronger oversight tools to monitor all of the MDGs, review their own institutional processes, and identify the optimal institutional set-up to mainstream the MDGs into their work.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
 10. In response to the closure of the territories, the Special Coordinator proposed a framework for a plan aimed at an easing of the closure and the establishment of a donor-funded emergency employment creation programme.
He was first arrested in 1993 during a police raid after an attack in the neighbourhood.
General Assembly Official Records
Subsequently, UNEG finalized a study to assess baselines and indicators for an evaluation of the projects.
But if we add small quantities of these investments to a portfolio of blue-chip U.S. stocks and high-quality bonds, we can lower the portfolio's overall risk level.
The Ad Hoc Committee of the Whole of the twenty-second special session of the General Assembly thus concluded its work.
Activities of travel agencies and tour operators and other reservation service activities
(b) Invites States to seek technical assistance on these human rights issues, as required, from the Representative and/or OHCHR;
During the initial debate on possible sub-issues within FMCT, one Delegation suggested the inclusion of the issue of "national implementation" of an FMCT.
The subject of rights of privacy can only be natural person. Corporation and other organizations can not have rights of privacy because of the background of its emerging.
When formulating and carrying into effect strategies, programmes and legislation, taking decisions for the purpose of implementing the Convention or addressing other issues concerning persons with disabilities, State bodies consult such persons, including children with disabilities, through their representative organizations.
Commission on Social Development
The average undergraduate likely won't. Q.
News spokespersons shall be appointed to release information to the outside in a unified way.
Lam Kam Tunnel Portal Site for Aquaduct Construction between Tai Po and Butterfly Valley
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burundi, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Nigeria, Pakistan, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Viet Nam, Zambia.
No public authority, including the Riksdag, may determine how a court of law shall adjudicate an individual case, or otherwise apply a rule of law in a particular case.
"4. Encourages States to nominate suitably qualified persons who are willing to provide fact-finding services, for inclusion in the register set up by the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 4 of its resolution 2329 (XXII) of 18 December 1967;
CRC Convention on the Rights of the Child
It's sad one wrong move and a stranger is throwing dirt on top of you.
It will thus frequently be the case that a matter not regulated by special law will arise in the institutions charged to administer it.
I return ticket when buy good?
Companies with stable product quality, service quality, service - oriented in - modified plastics industry.
Information technology education at college aims to cultivate talents with high intelligence and information accomplishments.
The protection and assistance of IDPs, refugees and all victims of conflict with special needs, including separated and unaccompanied children, female heads of household, expectant mothers, mothers with young children, the elderly, and persons with disabilities.
Characiformes
With our strong little feet.
The ring is responsible for smuggling hundreds of refugees into Ethiopia and the Sudan, as well as escapees from Eritrea, to Egypt and Israel.
At last he stopped the runaway horse.
The method of New Criticism is widely used in literary work analysis and it plays an essential role in western literary criticism.
Minimum wage in average wage in D Manufacturing*
:: Counter-piracy communications campaign commissioned by the Contact Group on Piracy off the Coast of Somalia initiated
This will help the Committee to develop guidance for States on the effective implementation of the travel ban, as well as to update the List as appropriate (see also para. 27 above).
Action 15 is followed up on a continuing basis by the United Nations Development Group and the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs, which would ensure coordination and coherence in technical cooperation in that context.
Since that time, he has regularly prescribed aerosolized morphine.
Broadcast and Conference Support Section fax: 3.3103, e-mail: request-for-services@un.org (room
8. The Secretary-General further clarifies that utilization of the authority is subject to the Financial Rules and Regulations and does not hinder the application of established financial and budgetary policies and procedures (ibid., para. 31).
Funds and programmes
Rule 44
METHODS To make a good relationship with the clinical departments by communicating favorably.
' And you won't write her a little note, sir
This L1 transfer was mainly due to compensation of Chinese contextual knowledge rather than ignorance of English forms.
In addition, the Office is consulted on the ethical implications of key policies, such as procurement and post-employment restrictions, asset investment, and personnel appointments.
 The utter disparity of this situation lies in the fact that the lands in question have been obtained from one distinct group - the Chamorro people.
Too much of the engagement of the international community is too late on the conflict continuum that spans from grievances to violence.
C. International Court of Justice
At the same time, economic disparities between regions and between people within countries have registered an increase.
Each centre would provide information on technology and training.
Why do we need these diseased intermediaries, cryptocurrencies’ inventors ask, when we can create electronic storage and transaction systems, secure to their users and invisible to would-be controllers?
:: Proceeds from the Region's assets.
Informing women of their rights as provided under domestic laws, regional instruments and international law and standards is extremely important.
Field Operations and Technical Cooperation Division Africa unit
Some concern was expressed regarding what the result would be if the consignee did not consent, but it was suggested that the solution to that problem could be found in the carrier's rights with respect to undelivered goods pursuant to draft article 51 (2).
As to ensuring jobs, working opportunities and health care, Saudi Arabia offers free education from pre-school to university for those living in its territory.
Japan Statistical Society
Figure III
3. The proposed budget of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in the Western Sahara for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 amounts to $65,053,200 gross ($60,972,000 net) (A/52/730/Add.3).
A/AC.105/789
Better working conditions and higher wages have drained many university students away from the inland areas.
Visits of the Regional Cooperation Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to Kampala and Kigali and the visit of the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Rwanda to Kinshasa
Some Opinions of the People鈥檚 Bank of China, the China Banking Regulatory Commission, the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the China Insurance Regulatory Commission on the Financial Support for Accelerating the Development of the Service Sector (No.90 [2008] of the People鈥檚 Bank of China) Shanghai Headquarters of the People鈥檚 Bank of China; all the branches, business management departments, and central sub-branches in provincial capital cities and sub-provincial cities of the People鈥檚 Bank of China; the State Administration of Foreign Exchange; all banking regulatory bureaus, securities regulatory bureaus and insurance regulatory bureaus: In order to implement Some Opinions of the State Council on Accelerating the Development of the Service Sector (No.7 [2007] of the State Council, hereinafter referred to as the No.7 [2007] Document), the following opinions are hereby put forward regarding the financial support for accelerating the development of the service sector: I.
Commenters have accused her of heartlessness, and a CNN interviewer asked if she had "no shame" .
Ghosts in Chinese culture
In the preambular part, the regulation states that the Government is responsible for aligning the legislation with the principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and all treaties, recommendations and directives approved by international organizations to which Chile is a party.
No deep thoughts here; this is a product of shiny surfaces and snappy patter, the cinematic equivalent of a derivatives offering.
6.3 The Committee takes note of the State party's argument that domestic remedies were not exhausted because the author did not observe the time limit established by law for the submission of an application for amparo to the Constitutional Court.
There has been less focus on guidelines and greater emphasis on ensuring that harmonized procedures are applied at the country level to achieve results, support national development plans and reduce transaction costs for partners.
Since January 2011, the European Union and a number of countries that have associated themselves with its policy have been systematically expanding unilateral sanctions against the Republic of Belarus, barring a growing number of its citizens from entering their territory and freezing any financial operations involving more and more private companies based in Belarus.
12. Confirms that the meetings of the Chemical Review Committee shall be open to observers in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties;
CRC noted with concern the weak implementation of the various programmes and strategies for Roma.
The European Union believed, however, that the measures imposed by the Israeli Government following the terrorist suicide attacks were excessive and jeopardized the peace process itself.
The successive forums of the Alliance of Civilizations, which benefit from a high-level of support by Member States, should also be taken into account in this exercise.
 The implementation of that resolution, by ensuring full participation by the Government of Sudan, will promote trust among the participants in the Operation, strengthening its prospects for success.
Don't let it worry you –like I just said, originality isn't the most important thing about an idea.
Programme Assistant (G-6) (paid from VC)
The Chairman of the Committee will conduct this part of the dialogue in such a way that the State party's representative has sufficient time to provide his or her replies without affecting the continuation of the Committee's normal work.
Source of funding
He is known as a fair judge.
He knew crosswords and other puzzles were very popular in British newspapers, so he took Sudoku to The Times of London, which 27)launched it on November 12, 2004 (calling it Su Doku). 1977  27) launch (v.)  The company launched its new product() yesterday
Also, the Programme on Support for Guest Scientists enables foreign scientists and researchers to be invited to Turkey for research and training purposes;
Given that Governments are important IT consumers in many developing countries, such positive externalities may be an important factor in countries' efforts to adopt digital technologies.
4. Reaffirms the right of families to know the fate of their relatives reported missing in connection with armed conflicts;
(b) Delivery of a resource management programme;
3. The above information is for reference only.
Tuesday, 12 October 2010, at 7 p.m. in the General Assembly Hall.
A house isn't a stock.
It was agreed instead that internationals might serve as advisers in these sectors.
Contents
(n) Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and nonproliferation;
5 October 1999
But productive infrastructure investment that generates long-term growth pays for itself, so there need not be any conflict between short-term stabilization and risks to long-term debt sustainability.
Also, I want to thank you and the Ambassador of Pakistan for the kind words expressed to me earlier today and welcome the new Ambassador of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to this Conference.
One of the measures designed to reach that goal is the promotion of a 50 per cent quota for women in posts in all national and local government institutions and organizations.
Please don't cry, O babe, I knew, you worked hard, see, those books dropped
Given that the ongoing workload under the new system of administration of justice remains uncertain, the Advisory Committee recommends approval of an additional Legal Officer (P-3) position under general temporary assistance for the Management Evaluation Unit.
In the year of America`s birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river.
H.E. Mr. Vitaly Churkin
Working languages: Spanish and English
I have the honour to submit to you the appeal of the participants at the Fourth Congress of Leaders of World and Traditional Religions, adopted in Astana, Republic of Kazakhstan, on 31 May 2012 (see annex).
UNDP supports cutting-edge research for agriculture and natural resources management at national level through its country offices, and at global level as co-sponsor of the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR).
Argentina
4. While many Member States, United Nations agencies and intergovernmental organizations had reported important initiatives for indigenous peoples that were aligned with the objectives of the Second Decade, indigenous peoples remained mostly invisible in the implementation, monitoring and evaluation of progress towards the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), which lacked a specific reference to indigenous peoples.
The UNDP Human Development Report 2009 ranked Seychelles in 57th place in terms of the human development index.
Discussing the issue of climate change and reflecting on possible solutions.
In his book, Mr. Picco discloses the facts concerning the collusion of Mr. Pérez de Cuéllar, former Secretary-General of the United Nations, in a deal for the release of the Western hostages in Lebanon in exchange for his publishing a report assigning responsibility for initiating the Iraq-Iran war to Iraq, thus violating the mechanisms established by Security Council resolution 598 (1987).
Stressing the importance of regulations and laws regarding irregular migration, at all levels of Government, being in accordance with the obligations of States under international law, including international human rights law,
I mean, you saw me in there. I'm falling apart.
28. On 20 June 2011, Turkey informed the Standing Committee on Stockpile Destruction that a total of 631 ADAM-type mines (each containing 36 sub-munitions, thus totalling 22,716 mines) were transferred to Germany for destruction on 17 February 2011.
Today there is a girl on the train lost her train ticket, so the conductor asked her to get off the train.
Iceland 2 April 1991 11 July 1991
Geneva, 4-29 July 2011
He understood that the process was ongoing and that the Commission would embark on a second stage before the end of the year, when more in-depth discussions would take place.
It is also well established that human activity is putting more of it into the atmosphere than natural processes can currently remove.
Proposed amendments to the draft OZP arising from objections were gazetted under s.6(7) of TPO. During the objection period, 2 further objections were received.
He added that,"tenants are also encouraged to take proper care of these installations and learn to use them correctly. Abuse of or damage to these installations, which may cause false alarms, will not be allowed."
Wong Ching-po
It also notes with concern the persistence of cultural and traditional perceptions of girls that limit their access to education.
But deflation can be disastrous.
152mm D-20 gun
Mr. Tuncer (Turkey): It is a pleasure for me to address the General Assembly today on behalf of the Republic of Turkey on the very important subject of non-communicable diseases (NCDs).
Beynat
"Did my grandma like the handbag ?" Lily wanted to know.
(m: 33.0)
It surprises me John McCain does not know Ahmadinejad does not control the security apparatus in Iran
His picture wind quiet and beautiful elegantly simple, implication happy propitious, appreciates  happily , welcome.
(b) Protective clothing, including flack jackets and military helmets, temporarily exported to the Democratic Republic of the Congo by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media and humanitarian and development workers and associated personnel, for their personal use only;
Mr. Corentin Hervo-Akendengué
In the Middle East, South Asia, and East Asia, old rivalries now unfold in a nuclear context.
Judges should be appointed by the General Assembly.
Maurepas, Somme
NYK's integration of global logistics and megacarrier capabihties opens fresh vistas on the borderless society.
The task will be finished ahead of schedule if nothing prevents.
35. The Commission shall also "make studies and recommendations and provide information and other services at the request of the Economic and Social Council" (Council resolution 5 (I), sect. A, para. 3).
Oh, that I could be with you again!
Many agencies also expressed concern about an inherent conflict of interest as the UNDG Chair was also the UNDP Administrator and thus questioned to what extent she could remain neutral in making recommendations in cases when her own agency's candidates were competing against candidates from other agencies for RC posts.
(a) International protection;
Counsel notes that the changes in Quebec did not create social tension and discord.
This very forum -- the United Nations -- is built on universality and on diversity.
We underscore the need to unify and coordinate the activities of the United Nations agencies and other international organizations to help to fully implement this initiative, particularly with respect to questions relating to economic and social development.
Adoption of decision No. 1 of the Prosecutor's Office of the Pskov Region
He recited Israel losses during the war.
Summary statement by the Secretary-General on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration
A. The "polluter pays" principle
It describes both the main statistical projects undertaken and the publications produced, as well as the implications at the international level.
One of the core issues in our common fight against HIV/AIDS is the constant updating and introduction of international clinical guidelines for the care of people living with HIV and AIDS.
Yet symptoms that are not as serious for adult may be more serious for a child.
During the reporting period, UNAMA visited 20 places of detention, in 10 provinces, run by the National Directorate of Security, the Afghan National Police, the Central Prisons Directorate and the Afghan National Army.
Seminars will continue to be regularly held in the districts and primary and secondary schools to enhance food safety perception of the public and the students.
Witness: Its a 7)mortality and 8)morbidity conference.
Work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention
49. A United Nations inter-agency task force on racism (comprised of high-level representatives of UNDP, UNIFEM, UNICEF, UNESCO, HABITAT, ILO, UNHCR, etc.) might be established with the mandate of integrating the consideration of discrimination based on race and ethnicity into all monitoring, reporting, and other processes of all United Nations bodies and specialized agencies with field operations.
Cocaine
2. Segment for high-level participation: Globalization, competition, competitiveness and development
Indeed, beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
On 21 February, the Council held closed consultations, during which it was briefed by the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs, Jeffrey Feltman, on the further deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in the Central African Republic.
But our anniversary isn't until Saturday
But all too often they have been used to impose ill-advised prescriptions that have only made the problem of poverty worse instead of helping to resolve it.
 There would be 500 pages of pre-session, 300 pages of in-session and 200 pages of post-session documentation.
 Such capacity is needed by decision makers at the national policy level as well as by the managers of private and public enterprises and other entities (for example, hospitals, universities and agricultural businesses) that apply science and technology to sustainable development.
Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan knew that it did not.
She creeps up on you and drinks the day like a bowl of milk.
It will prove even harder in a country like Nicaragua, which is relatively short of human capital and governed by what the University of Chicago’s James Robinson and MIT’s Daron Acemoglu call extractive (as opposed to inclusive) political and economic institutions.
The philosophy of imposing sanctions rests on the achievement of two interconnected goals, namely to deter and punish States or Governments that threaten international peace and security or commit acts of aggression and, on the other hand, to rectify the conduct of the State or Government on which the sanctions are imposed.
Indigenous Peoples
Furthermore, it expounds and proves that the viewpoint about metaphysics by Wang Chong and logical positivists is actually the most fundamental difference between the too.
Council members reiterated their intention to continue to monitor closely the implementation and effectiveness of the measures established under resolution 1306 (2000).
Official communications from Cameroon, Dominica and Papua New Guinea were pending.
The large ornamental codices of the early Middle Ages gave way to portable “handbooks” designed for the lighter touch of a quill pen.
A key initiative undertaken during the reporting period was a joint review by OHCHR and the Department of Political Affairs to assess good practices and challenges in integrating human rights in Department of Political Affairs-led field missions and to inform future cooperation relating to field missions with human rights components.
The reports that the Secretary-General plans to submit will provide an opportunity to identify and analyse the progress achieved, the obstacles met and the lessons to be drawn.
Report of the Disarmament Commission (operative paragraphs 5 and 9)
(f) Training victim advocates;
Furthermore, in view of the adverse effect of this wrongful arrest and detention on Mr. Shaqibel and his family, the Working Group requests the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Government of Malaysia to provide Mr. Shaqibel with appropriate reparation.
11. In its resolution 2011/24, the Economic and Social Council, recognizing, inter alia, the importance of integrating cartographic and statistical information, as well as geospatial data, decided to establish the Committee of Experts on Global Geospatial Information Management, to be established and administered within existing resources and organized accordingly, and requested the Committee to present to the Council in 2016 a comprehensive review of all aspects of its work and operations in order to allow Member States to assess its effectiveness.
 46. The Executive Board had before it document DP/1994/14 on the advancement of the fifth country programme for the United Republic of Tanzania.
She was a pale, ethereal creature.
Net ODA receipts by least developed countries as a whole had fallen by almost 30 per cent between 1995 and 2000, although this trend was reversed at the beginning of the present decade, as total ODA receipts in 2002 recovered to 1995 levels (in current United States dollars).
Prior periods
We struck a bargain with the foreign merchant after a few conversations.
36. France was obligated under the Charter of the United Nations to prepare its Territories for self-government.
33. A key result of the probabilistic projections is the divergence in uncertainty between projections for less and least developed countries on the one hand and for countries in more developed regions on the other. Projections for the first group of countries usually have high uncertainty; the 90 per cent confidence interval, and sometimes even the 80 per cent confidence interval, are often wider than the high and low variants of the deterministic projections.
They informed me that he had to get it sorted out - or be excluded.
Uganda
Granatspitze Group
The Accident Insurance Ordinance provides employees who have suffered an accident at work with financial compensation.
In the course of the meeting the parties exchanged opinions on a wide range of issues concerning the prospective areas of cooperation between the SCO and Pakistan.
Jealousy doesn't have to be a negative emotion. It doesn't have to be a cohort of anger or resentment. All it needs is a dash of hope.
The attack started at dawn.
He's learning how to operate the computer now.344.
All countries except Albania registered a decline in GDP in 2009 on the back of declining export volumes, lower commodity prices, an abrupt slowdown in credit growth and shrinking remittances.
The first bilateral competition agreement to include positive comity provisions was the 1991 agreement between the United States and the Commission of the European Communities, which was complemented by the 1998 agreement between them (not applying to mergers), which introduces "enhanced positive comity", that is, a presumption that the competition authorities of an affected party will defer or suspend their own enforcement where its consumers are not directly harmed, or where the anti-competitive activities occur principally in and are directed principally towards the other party's territory (although the United States federal enforcement agencies are bound by this agreement, the courts are not).
The voting was as follows:
 France has units of this type which it can make available on four days' notice; some unit members could also help to staff the Situation Centre in the Department of Peace-keeping Operations.
(b) In the penultimate preambular paragraph, the words "sexual trafficking" were replaced by "sexual exploitation and trafficking";
Developing countries in different geographical regions are presently delivering on-line blueprints, designs, engineering data, drawings and maps, professional and business services, health and education, travel and ticketing services, advertising computer-related services, entertainment and financial services.
The motives of each TV type are spelled outover and over again, in countless dramas and sitcoms up and down the dial.
I couldn't even talk to my husband.
At a rally Sunday in Ohio, he attempted to rekindle the spirit and enthusiasm of the party's voters with a call to action.
Mission rules say we keep going unless we lose three, so we keep going.
However, the Committee regrets lack of information on the measures taken to integrate children in the society after leaving alternative care settings.
(b) Asian States;
They ran away and began their own adventure.
This mentoring programme co-financed through the European Social Fund (ESF) is primarily directed towards women with migrant backgrounds and serves as a support network to help them orient themselves in the labour market and their careers.
A Constitution of Iraq, to be drafted under the authority of the Transitional National Assembly, is expected to be put to a referendum by October 2005 and followed by general elections by December 2005 under the new Constitution.
- Financing.
The Committee is of the view that the pressure exerted on the author and the nature of the threat and harassment were made because she is a woman and a married woman and constitute a violation of the principle of equal treatment.
Success doesn't mean the absence of failures.
Africa's leaders were convinced that accelerated industrialization could generate the new employment and enhanced technological and human resource capabilities needed to ensure sustainable livelihoods.
Provincial labor Enterprise Initiative Association will be AIDS induction into the business, labor protection, occupational safety and health training programs in the conventional;
Despite our growing need for a peaceful nuclear fuel cycle, we signed the Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula in 1992, voluntarily renouncing nuclear enrichment or reprocessing facilities on our soil.
One delegation emphasized that development policies should give priority to the basic needs of the society.
It was essential that these application forms be sent back as early as possible.
 129. The International Conference on Population and Development will provide a unique opportunity to place population squarely in the forefront of development activities.
Other constraints included the inaccessibility of certain areas for security reasons, the impassability of most roads during the rainy season, the remote locations of survivors and limited air access.
7. The Heads of State have been as follows
The hatred and contempt of the crowd is the punishment of such men for their comprehension of higher laws.
The enemy soldier disguised as civilian.
1970—1991 Activities in the missions of the USSR abroad (1970—1973: Egypt 1978—1980: Nigeria, 1990: France)
Increase competence.
Protocol Against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Ammunition, Supplementing the United Nations Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime, 2001;
With the support of the United Nations Foundation, the UNDP `Footprint Neutral' initiative aimed at promoting a comprehensive private-sector response to climate change, biodiversity and water management challenges.
In the circumstances, the State party had no option but to implement the Security Council resolutions, and the authors are not subject to the jurisdiction of the State party within the meaning of article 1 of the Optional Protocol.
Since no such objections were raised, the instrument of ratification was sent to the President for signature.
(c) Discussion at the current meeting
 His Government was doing its best to ensure the return of those peoples and their legal, political, social and cultural rehabilitation.
Furthermore, it is suggested that offenders' interest in this areais defined by concepts that seems to stretch across the full range of objectionable material,thus indicating that consideration of all such material is important.
So, that was phase one of the political fallout of the Wall Street scandal.
At such times my sisters or I would pull him through the streets of Brooklyn, NY, on a child's sleigh to the entrance of the subway.
Shallow seismic data (e.g. 3.5 kHz) regarding transparent layer thickness, hiatuses and other structure
(Agenda item 2)
Preliminary estimates of damage and replacement costs prepared by UNDP and the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) suggests total direct and indirect damage of $900 million, equivalent to 45 per cent of Nicaragua's 1997 GDP.
Article 27 Where partnership affairs are conducted by one or more partners, they shall report the status of the partnership affairs conducted thereby, and the operating and financial conditions of the partnership to the other partners who do not participate in the conduct of partnership affairs, and all incomes generated from their conduct of partnership affairs shall belong to all the partners, and the losses or civil liabilities incurred therefrom shall be borne by all the partners.
I'm like you cleric - intuitive
His spirits seem to be drooping these days.
I am Mr.Zhu.Miss Lin I have read your letter of application
We urge African countries to establish national diversification councils comprising representatives from the government, the private sector, the scientific community and multilateral organizations, in order to generate project proposals that fit into national diversification programmes and priorities.
Seems Iike ourjob here is over,  partner. ShaII we go?
Joh. Heinr. Bornemann GmbH & Co. KG
The evidence of a draining summer, crystallised on transfer deadline day, is that the house is following suit.
Field Service
In April 2006 (prior to consideration by the Committee) a joint committee called the "Alternative Service System Research Committee" was set up as a policy advisory body under the Ministry of National Defence.
Barbara Steele
. WFP chaired the JO Working Group (JOWG) of UNDG in 2006.
Friday, 6 December 2013, from 10:00 to 13:00, in Conference Room A (CB).
Attacks may only be directed against combatants.
In 30 years of reporting on the region, I have never encountered this kind of consensus in these quarters.
We don't know who struck first, us or them.
:: Recommends that UNOCA and ECCAS should consider the provision of services, in the context of the partnership between the two institutions, for the translation of the principal documents into the Portuguese language with a view to ensuring the effective participation of all member States in the Committee's activities
They urged the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to take further steps to implement their commitment under the Peace, Security and Cooperation Framework, including the establishment of a professional, accountable and sustainable national army that includes a rapid reaction force, in accordance with its commitment to deepen security sector reform and the finalization of the development of a comprehensive disarmament, demobilization and reintegration and a disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, reintegration and resettlement plan.
It goes through and puts ones in the right place.
to the occupied Syrian Golan,
Bonzac
A.D., however, states that he has neither seen nor met with Farid Mechani.
We believe the newly-elected Duma will make new and significant contribution to the development of Sino-Russian Strategic Partnership of Coordination.
They made a thousand advances to him.
My delegation wishes to take this opportunity to express its appreciation for the activities of UNESCO and of other relevant organizations for recovering and preserving cultural properties.
And the doctor it was.
The need to reach parity in representation at the Global Civil Society Forum has been explicitly underlined in invitation letters for regional consultations and for the global yearly event.
76. At the same time, I remain deeply dismayed by delays in the investigation of major cases, such as the killing in June 2012 of seven United Nations peacekeepers and the attack on the Nahibly camp for internally displaced persons in July 2012.
Ladies and gentlemen, our plane jolting due to strong airflow.
By taking that historic step, which was welcomed by the States of the world, we made a major concession in order to achieve a historic compromise that would allow peace to be made in the land of peace.
The Parliament elects the Ombudsman for the term of five years.
owing to the dissimilar combustion mode , their working process is different form that of solid rocket motors and the liquid rocket engines.
Products introduced in 2003
And last, we tried to supply pointers to additional resources that had helped us.
In this respect, the Council will recall that, at the meeting of the principal signatories of the political road map, held in Addis Ababa from 21 to 23 May 2012, a number of steps were agreed upon to expedite the completion of the transition. These included the adoption, by 20 July, of the provisional Somali Constitution by the National Constituent Assembly; the selection of the new Somali Parliament on 25 July; the election of the Speaker and the Deputy Speakers of the Parliament on 4 August; and the election of the President, on 20 August.
Centrair Card
How did you do your work? I did my work happily.
You may be dealing with sudden shifts in a residential, property, or family matter as you begin July.
Wednesday, 4 November 2009, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room C-209B.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 60/283, approved the adoption of International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS) by the United Nations.
37. In 2005, domestic economic activity was affected by, inter alia, climatic factors, which reduced the size of the harvest of most crops, and the decline in the international prices of export products.
In the short run this could be a very useful policy.
To respond and understand children's evolving capacities and the different health priorities along the life cycle, data and information that are collected and analysed should be disaggregated by age, sex, disability, socioeconomic status and sociocultural aspects and geographic location, in accordance with international standards.
Sure enough, they have been increasing about twice as fast as the official numbers.
Also, some delegations informed that they were waiting for reactions from their capitals.
One day Mr Bumble met the local undertaker， Mr Sowerberry， outside the workhouse．
They both felt that they were predestined to spend their lives together.
These roundtables discuss legal dilemmas addressed from the GEP viewpoint, fostering dialogue with the academic world to improve the dispensing of justice and promoting participation by the SCJN in legal debates concerning gender studies.
And, on global geopolitical issues – the tensions on the Korean peninsula, Iran’s nuclear ambitions, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the disorder in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and the political transition in autocratic Middle East regimes – the great powers disagree and are impotent to impose stable solutions.
The Committee encourages UNHCR to continue this work and supports the recommendations of Joint Inspection Unit on oversight activities at UNHCR, in particular recommendation 10 concerning the Office of the Inspector General.
It endorsed the position of the Advisory Committee that the transfer of unencumbered balances from the peacekeeping budgets was an inappropriate financial management practice.
The members, alternate members and representatives accredited to the session of the Board, and those who actually attended, are listed in annex X.
Gretel read about the terrible history of the Tower in her guidebook.
1. Equality and non-discrimination
11. Encourages the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Parties to increase the level of cooperation and collaboration with a view to reducing the number of scientific stations in Antarctica and to handle tourism effectively through transparent environmental impact assessment studies;
The Advisory Committee notes that the revision of the draft financial rules of the Fund of UNDCP has been cleared by the Under-Secretary-General of the Department of Management and complies with the recommendations of the Committee.
63. UNITAR was engaged in order that the LEG could learn more about its work and how it could potentially benefit the LDCs.
China possesses enormous quantities of coal and is rich in other minerals as well
The doctor said that sunshine and rest would hasten his recovery from illness.
But later in the afternoon, he got back home with a fever and was confined to bed.
; I can't hear very well.
(c) It has been attested that both the search of the house in which the above-mentioned persons were found and the detention itself were carried out under warrant from the Barranquilla Regional Prosecutor, whereby the Prosecutor - in the first instance - and the National Tribunal - in the second - found evidence of guilt.
Senegal
And the critical problems existing in water resources development and utilization of the area is illustrated.
The implementation of such a strategy should be ensured by adequate resource allocations, active participation of departmental and municipal authorities, collection of indicators and transparent progress monitoring.
An effective remedy including the payment of adequate compensation and initiation of criminal proceedings to establish responsibility for his ill-treatment under article 7 of the Covenant.
F. Additional financing cost 71 23
Those in poverty must see the vision of themselves beyond or outside of poverty.
In September, a delegation from the United States Virgin Islands visited the Territory to discuss its concerns about the access to British Virgin Islands fishing grounds by United States Virgin Islands sport and pleasure fishermen. Issues included new regulations, licensing and registration procedures, and customs clearance for fishing vessels.
It will make the story-telling more fun for you.
The SBSTA requested the EGTT to consider for possible inclusion in its programme of work for 2005 activities relating to the development of endogenous technologies, and how to encourage and promote, as appropriate, the transfer of publicly owned technologies or those in the public domain;
Methodologies for the production and dissemination of industrial statistics emerge from the interaction between national statistics offices, UNIDO and the international statistics community.
In addition to review of these conditions by the relevant minister during the application for authorization to launch, Australian law also provides for the appointment of a launch safety officer for each licensed launch facility.
Their range extends from the Atlantic shore down to Georgia, Ohio, Virginia, North Dakota, spreading to Newfoundland and Quebec.
Jinhua
In the countries with economies in transition, women's political participation declined, in part as a result of the dramatic political and economic changes that took place in those societies, although a reversal of the decline has been observed more recently.
Country: Russian Federation Fiscal year: 2002
However when upgraded and escorted the Titan can a versatile platform for attacks throughout the game.
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities
Study of Politeness Study of Politeness in Chinese and English Culture  What is politeness
It鈥檚 said that you were ill yesterday , is it true ?
While neither the 1951 Convention nor UNHCR's mandate specifically provide that refugees must not be engaged in armed activities, this was understood as an essential starting point of the non-political and humanitarian nature of the High Commissioner's work.
This system, under which collective societies do not own the artists' rights, and in which the artist has the freedom to participate or not, should be promoted and protected.
 It goes without saying that efforts with regard to non-proliferation would benefit only if the Conference on Disarmament were in a position to negotiate a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.
Accounts payable increased significantly over the year to $251.1 million (2011: $143.9 million), reflecting higher settlements owing to United Nations system organizations and funds received by UNFPA as an administrative agent of joint programmes.
 The cost of some of the required field defence stores, such as sandbags, barbed wire, concertina wire, fence pickets and so on, may be included in the billings from the United States logistic support group, but this cannot be determined before more detailed billings are received.
It also serves to significantly augment the contributions made by social capital to enable change in our societies.
 The Chairman (interpretation from Spanish): I call on the Secretary of the Committee to make an announcement.
Document reference:
Crocetta del Montello
The Executive Director shall prepare the support budget, both for revenue and expenses, which shall be linked to the strategic plan for the relevant planning period.
The first large shipment of moths succumbed to a disease. Growing enough bracken indoors is difficult.
Great men have great faults.
Oekingen
Argentina
Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things - some celebrated but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West; endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.For us, they fought and died, in places like Concord and Gettysburg; Normandy and Khe Sanh.Time and again these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life.
- Regulate charitable and other non-profit organizations;
Please don't eat or drink any thing after midnight.
5. The members of the WFP Executive Board spoke as a group and stressed that the eradication of hunger is a priority for its membership and the dual mandate of WFP, active in both emergencies and development.
11. The main factor contributing to the variance of $1,875,000 under this heading is the proposed increase in the number of United Nations Volunteers by 115 Volunteers (from 490 to 605).
Hsieh said But Wu Tzu-shi said the kingdome of Wu already had many precious swords and needed no more
The members were surprised by his remarks.
48. In the second situation, the receiving State knows that its resident or citizen or other taxpayer has an interest-bearing investment in the transmitting State and sufficient details of that investment (name of account and financial institution where the account is located).
The report further finds that "buyer power" is a richer and more complex notion than the one that is often reflected in competition assessments" (p. 84).
Where is the market?
The rules of space law are still being developed, despite the fact that they cover many aspects;
He was a fool; he had been made drunken by a woman's face and by a woman's soft, white hands.
After landing in a ploughed field, the daredevil was visibly thrilled as he was helped out of the wing structure into which he had been strapped for the flight
Nairobi
May I use your eraser, Andy?
"Free at last," it seemed to say. "Free to fly with the wind.
"We don't guarantee that the animals will have intimate moments when we see them," the zoo's Laura Warner cautioned.
What the ACLU says is that the photos will prove that much publicized abuses at Abu Ghraib Prison outside Baghdad were actually part of a wild pattern amounting to a policy
Films set in Scotland
Faith: Absolutely, I'm a country girl.
Consequently, financial resources that could have been used to more effectively achieve the expected programme and development results are required to cover additional costs incurred as a result of embargo conditions.
Charles Howell III
First, consent may not be required for extractive activities within indigenous territories in cases in which it can be conclusively established that the activities will not substantially affect indigenous peoples in the exercise of any of their substantive rights in relation to the lands and resources within their territories - perhaps mostly a theoretical possibility given the invasive nature of extractive activities, especially when indigenous peoples are living in close proximity to the area where the activities are being carried out.
A. General
Operation Lifeline Sudan estimates that as of August 1994 there are 255,000 Sudanese refugees in Uganda.
 Land-mines are particularly injurious to children and so constitute a serious challenge for UNICEF.
18. Underlines that measures imposed by resolutions 1718 (2006) and 1874 (2009) are not intended to have adverse humanitarian consequences for the civilian population of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea;
The staff association raised several issues requiring further attention: contractual arrangements, career development for General Service staff and National Officers, and entitlements in non-family duty stations.
Commentary 160
In certain cases, education and enlightenment can serve to eke out evil.
Obesity is being addressed by the medical practitioners in the Falkland Islands.
Augusto Ramos Soares
15. Since the introduction by UNFICYP of the military observer and liaison officer teams, both opposing forces have been cooperating constructively with them.
Trigonal tongue cover, generous sculpt, easy to open.
The damage suffered by the authors is equal to the amount that they would have received had the Incapacity Insurance (Self-employed Persons) Act not been repealed with effect from 1 August 2004.
74. Five States (Austria, Cyprus, Malaysia, Singapore and Spain) had responded to the note verbale of the Secretary-General, expressing their support for the activities of the United Nations in the field of action against corruption.
The Treaty should be non-discriminatory, effectively verifiable and universally applicable.
Kweneng District
Any UNIX or Microsoft Windows operating system (using a UNIX shell simulator) can be used to run the postprocessing tool.
 9. The Committee welcomed with satisfaction Belgium's detailed and exhaustive presentation, which reflected the significance the country attached to the Convention.
change Do you have change for one hundred yen( ) ) Can you change this(
For further information, please contact Mr. Frederik Pischke (e-mail pischke@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-1920).
Twentieth session
Corrigendum
The numerical modal analyses of the empty and full loaded open boxcar are carried out in the ANASYS software.
10 Jul 2009
In fact, since the beginning of 2008, over 13,000 ill persons and their escorts have been permitted to leave Gaza into Israel and 135,000 from the West Bank into Israel to receive medical treatment that they would have been unable to receive in the Palestinian territories.
Mr. Pintat (Andorra) (spoke in Catalan: English text provided by the delegation): People and planet.
The traffic here is also very convenient. you can come here by air or train.
The Summit forged agreement on and prioritized a number of fundamental values seen as essential to international economic relations as we journey into the twenty-first century.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives;
Training courses on key international economic issues, in line with paragraph 166 of the Plan of action (TD/386) of the tenth session of UNCTAD, as well as numerous seminars, often organized jointly by UNCTAD and national institutions, continued to be an important vehicle for UNCTAD to disseminate its research and analysis results and policy recommendations to policymakers.
Taking into account the implication of FOSSEPEL in serious human rights violations during the electoral process, OHCHR is planning more systematic and in-depth training in human rights.
The Claimant asserts that it was necessary to prepare and maintain the accommodation in Jubail for the evacuated personnel, and that certain costs were incurred in doing so.
It made recommendations.
The clear improvements in women's professional preparation had facilitated the application of specific reforms aimed at increasing their participation in the job market.
MINUSTAH will also continue the process of consolidating its substantive, security and support pillars.
I could not help but examine my conscience before her and I asked what would I say if I was in her place.
Adopted decision 2003/18 of 19 June 2003 on joint programming, UNFPA;
This has opened possibilities for developing partnerships for the work of UNIFEM in francophone Africa.
135.123 Adopt adequate and effective measures to protect infant and maternal health, as well as access to family planning and contraceptive methods (Spain);
 "Convinced that a stable and transparent environment for international commercial transactions in all countries is essential for the mobilization of investment, finance, technology, skills and other important resources across national borders, in order, inter alia, to promote economic and social development and environmental protection,
It was also agreed that the Working Group would discuss, as a new sub-item under item 7 of the provisional agenda, the treatment of polyols in calculating consumption of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs).
UDP won five seats, and the newly formed PDA secured one seat.
:: 2 liaison meetings with border security agencies on border security in preparation for the local elections
1:19 As the LORD commanded Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai.
During his recent trip to the region, the IPU Secretary-General received clear indications that both the Legislative Council in Ramallah and the Knesset now stand ready to intensify their dialogue, and we look forward to organizing a series of meetings in the early part of next year.
As in the past, the Tribunal had been guided by the principle of zero growth, taking into account the local rate of inflation as determined by the authorities of the host country.
32. In the area of human resources management, some delegations noted that the new selection tool, Inspira, had had an adverse impact on recruitment, slowing the process of filling vacant posts owing to the time necessary for managers to become familiar with it.
Total
The Council decided to hold its next regular meeting in the second half of 2007 in Kazakhstan.
This status cannot be removed unless there is a radical political change in the country of origin obviating any risk to the person concerned.
35. Strengthening of the Information and Communications Technology Board was urgently needed for the establishment of common standards in order to ensure compatibility between systems and avoid duplication.
"14. Welcomes steps to improve the effectiveness and quality of aid in least developed countries, and underlines the need for enhancing the quality of aid by strengthening national ownership, alignment, harmonization, predictability, mutual accountability and transparency and results orientation;
(a) the Telecommunications (Method for Determining Spectrum utilization Fees) (Third Generation Mobiles Services) Regulation ("the Regulation"), made by the Secretary for Information Technology and Broadcasting; and
31. Draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.52 was adopted by 109 votes to 49, with 5 abstentions.
Guyana
A detailed report will be presented to the Statistical Commission at its March 2004 session.
I don't mean to wake you in the night, but that loneliness I sometimes feel in the dark goes away when you come to me.
However, the Committee notes that de facto discrimination against and xenophobia directed at certain groups of children, especially children belonging to ethnic minorities, refugee and asylum-seeking children, children belonging to migrant families, children with disabilities and those belonging to socially and economically disadvantaged families continue to be of concern, including within the education system.
101. The Working Group found the substance of paragraph (1) to be generally acceptable.
The Non-Aligned Movement reaffirms its support for and solidarity with the Palestinian people.
(Signed) Kofi A. ANNAN
We hope that, as the Peacebuilding Commission continues to demonstrate its value, Member States will respond by contributing greater resources to the Fund.
Rhinoceros auklet
Cases open
Adoption of the report of the Forum on its sixth session
This region is within the Province of Liaoning.
The winner pulled the match out of the fire after being down 2 sets to 1.
1. National action programmes
You get them every year.
21. The Board is concerned at the declining level of the operational reserve and notes that the current balance of $24 million is not sufficient to fund further deficits of the level incurred in the biennium 1998-1999.
Situation of human rights in Haiti
Tensions are also running high in the mostly Kurdish south - east.
Article 20 Reasonable administrative expenses paid by a foreign enterprise with an establishment or site in China to the head office in connection with production or business operations of the establishment or site shall be permitted to be itemized as expenses following agreement by the local tax authorities after an examination and verification of documents of proof issued by the head office in respect of the scope of the administrative expenses, total amounts, the basis and methods of allocation, which shall be provided together with an accompanying verification report of a certified public accountant.
This software suite has been developed and is in use by five Nordic countries plus 21 other national and international statistical offices around the world.
Sometimes the dry cleaning and ordinary washing services are open for all the people around the school.
Any company with more than just a few customers faces the problem of getting an overview of its customer base.
Spinach with bean curd is one of my favourite dishes.
(g) Ensure the effective implementation of the national multisectoral strategic framework against HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted infections (2009 - 2013).
The Prosecutor's report provides us with a wide-ranging perspective on the nature of the conflict, the pattern of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law and the role being played by relevant international actors.
Trade and Development Commission
Companies established in the 1710s
IV. RECOMMENDATIONS 72 - 76 18
Accepted.
In September, ISIS attacked the Northern Storm Brigade headquarters and prison in Jebel Barsaya, executing one prisoner.
Annexes I. Revised cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000 and cost estimates for the period from 1 July 2000 to 30 June 2001
For instance, swimming is probably not a good choice if the goal is to rest the shoulder of a Little League pitcher.
This share is equitable in a country where the public sector contributes nearly 20 per cent to GDP.
(d) Conducted an in-depth analysis of existing and planned capacity-building and technology support activities within the framework of the 2006 - 2007 programme of work (see information document UNEP/GCSS.IX/INF/13), to align the implementation of the approved programme of work with the Bali Strategic Plan requirements (see also section C of chapter III below).;
(vi) Technical material: regular updating of the main page of the ESCWA website (2); regular updating of the web page of the Office of the Executive Secretary and of the online media databases (2).
C. Technical assistance by the United Nations Development Programme 95 - 98 27
The Representative undertook a mission to Azerbaijan to appraise the nature of this challenge and explore ways of addressing it in the interest, above all, of the displaced themselves.
"The Security Council recalls the International Criminal Court arrest warrants for certain LRA leaders on charges of, among other things, war crimes and crimes against humanity, including murder, rape and the enlistment of children through abduction.
White-breasted nuthatch
If I were a boy again, I would practice perseverance more often, and never give up a thing because it was or inconvenient. If we want light, we must conquer darkness.
Like small island developing States, they are a special case for both environment and development because they are ecologically fragile and vulnerable, and because they face particular constraints in their efforts to achieve sustainable development.
People think the governor is slated to be president.
It also engaged in discussions with resettlement countries to explore new possibilities for improving the efficiency of the resettlement system through electronic data sharing and expedited security clearance and departure procedures, particularly for refugees who are at serious risk.
The aims of the organization are to:
Abolishment of Public Information Officer positions
See Council decision 2011/243.
Regions (No. of countries)
Twenty-third progress report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire
Regulators in Brussels, meanwhile, are investigating whether Eni has abused its dominant position.
Tai Po Waterfront Park
I thought I might have, but then you came and asked me all those questions. " And with that, his eyelids began to droop again.
Many dishes many diseases
Rights of persons with disabilities: participation in political and public life
This especially occurs when the injured State or organization puts forward a claim for its own benefit and not for that of individuals or entities whom it seeks to protect.
192. After some discussion, it was suggested that both views might be accommodated if variant B were deleted and subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of paragraph 2 of variant A were merged into paragraph 1 of variant A, preceded by the words "and provided that".
 It is alarming that the 1993 understanding between the parties to restrict fighting to military targets in the 19-mile buffer zone seems to have been scrapped.
No State was unaffected, and all, as States Members of the Organization founded to free human beings from fear, must act in a coordinated and concerted fashion to fulfil their responsibilities.
It is possible that an event such as the withdrawal of the UNDP finance might be shown as having such a crippling effect on the organization's ability to continue with the contract as to constitute reasonable grounds for its termination.
However, that labor and social security system became outdated as China developed.
Inflorescences terminal and axillary, loosely fasciculate or racemose and few flowered or flowers solitary.
If I have a green thumb, I will plant a lot of roses in my garden.
With the consent of the Russian Ministry of Finance, there was widespread acceptance of practices in which direct budgetary funding for production purposes was replaced by cross-cancelling of debts, with commercial banks issuing credits and bills that carried high subsequent interest payments.
My delegation attaches great importance to the nuclear non-proliferation initiatives in South Asia.
Rheocles pellegrini
Summary
You need to set a price that reflects the real value of the home.
Improved executive-legislative relations can help to ensure that this session of the National Assembly is a substantive one, working through a packed legislative agenda and driving real change in the lives of the Afghan people.
He distinguished himself as a great chemist.
East Greenland
Lying on your side with your knees bent is likely to be the most comfortable position as your pregnancy progresses.
Conroy had been brought up a Catholic, but no longer thought of himself as one.
As a natural part of any humanitarian effort, the local authorities, in their turn, must ensure safe and unhindered functioning of humanitarian personnel acting in the field.
In the circumstances, I would like to inform you that the work of the Mission has been frustrated by the failure of Israel to grant the necessary visas.
Ecuador indicated that the Government has undertaken the political commitment to participate with conviction in the various phases of the review in a responsible manner: from the elaboration of the national report through broad consultations at the national level, including not only State institutions but also many civil society organizations, and participation in the interactive dialogue in the context of the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review of the Council, which took place on 7 April 2008.
Buying Garst and Golden Harvest, two leading US seeds firms, boosted that to about 14 per cent, still well behind DuPont and Monsanto but at least within striking distance.
There is no rain here in winter.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.: (212) 963-9196).
It is in regions affected by armed conflict and violence that we have made the least progress on the MDGs.
General Assembly Hall
(v) Recommendations on which agreement could not be reached with management or with regard to which requested information or assistance was refused (see A/64/326 (Part I)/Add.1);
He values expressing intention by association and succeed the poem moralization tradition.
Sexual harassment and abuse in public institutions is an emerging issue with diverse consequences for women.
The session was opened by the Acting Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights.
(b) Election of officers;
Farming in these countries is mostly intensive.
26. Expresses its support for the work of the members of the Board of Trustees of the Fund, in particular their fund-raising activities;
Take care that all your requested meetings are included inside the list . You will get an information page as result of your booking .
There is a fundamental difference between the Japanese approach and the American one.
Trust Fund in support of special
Rapporteur: Ms. Tamar Tchitanava (Georgia)
Spain: Zaragoza Provincial High Court (Section 5), No. 50/2010
55. Mr. Tajima (Japan), after welcoming the expansion of the Commission, said that the UNCITRAL Model Law on Procurement of Goods, Construction and Services, for all its success in promoting the harmonization of domestic procurement laws, needed to be revised in response to such developments as the use of electronic communication in the area of procurement.
Mexico City Metro Line 6
Award-winning companies to share experience with SMEs
The Turks and Caicos police took custody of the boat; the intruders were interviewed and sent back to Haiti.32
The Chair or Vice-Chair of the Committee shall decide whether the expert identified is to be invited to participate in the work of the drafting or working groups or at the next meeting of the Committee.
Contents
An initial framework was mapped out and secondary data analysis has been done to enrich the discussion. Within the broader framework, the Specialized Committee has selected Active Ageing and Long-term-care for further deliberations and to make concrete recommendations in the year plan of 2006-07.
The scientists are still working out what many of the lost sections of DNA do, but expect to find more evidence of how humans differ genetically from chimpanzees.
4. On 2 May 2008, the State party reiterates the facts summarized in paragraph 2.4 above and adds that the author did not appeal the ruling of the Supreme Court of 22 December 2006 under the supervisory review procedure.
Forgive me if I misinterpreted your tone but I can't help but think your post is lavished with sarcastic undertones.
13. Decides to appropriate to the Special Account for the United Nations Mission in Liberia the amount of 460,613,200 dollars for the period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015, inclusive of 427,267,000 dollars for the maintenance of the Mission, 27,647,200 dollars for the support account for peacekeeping operations and 5,699,000 dollars for the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy;
497. This project started up during the winter of 1997 and early 1998.
Reflection on Education of University's Sparetime Party School of the CPC Under New Situation
(CEDAW/C/VNM/2)
The inward flow of a fluid through a permeable membrane toward a fluid of greater concentration.
41. The consolidation of peace in the Congo could pave the way for the voluntary repatriation of refugees, especially from neighbouring Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
Recalling all international conventions that deal specifically with and address issues relevant to the problem of trafficking in women and girls, such as the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto, in particular the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, and the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol thereto, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Optional Protocol thereto on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and the Convention for the Suppression of the Traffic in Persons and of the Exploitation of the Prostitution of Others, as well as relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and its functional commissions and the Human Rights Council on the issue,
31 Forest cover change estimates are from national statistics studies (1980-2000), remote sensing and, to a limited degree, expert opinion.
This is typically a costly renovation, but at the time of resale it will help boost the value of the property.
Mantas, easily recognizable by their pectoral "wings, " stay near the ocean's surface, unlike other rays.
A solid foreign reserve position brought greater economic stability to Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon, where external vulnerability remained.
The audit is expected to be completed in March 2008
The Committee is further concerned that current protection measures do not apply to women nationals of Bosnia and Herzegovina who have been trafficked internally and women who have been trafficked for purposes other than prostitution.
The topics that would be covered include: law of international watercourses, negotiation skills and techniques, international environmental law and policies, multilateral conference diplomacy and multilateral negotiation, and Tajikistan and migration challenges and opportunities.
You ignore small businesses: You've forgotten or don't realize that 97 percent of the businesses in the United States employ fewer than 100 people.
If we can do this, people will be attracted to our good looks and impressed by our confidence.
Gemma saved you, because she thought you could Do something about what happening here.
2.7 On 31 July 2004, the Immigration Appeal Tribunal refused the author's application for permission to appeal.
Some participants suggested that the MYPOW could be used not only to guide the work of the UNFF but should also provide orientation to governments, regional processes, CPF and stakeholders.
In this connection, it was decided that the work should begin with an examination and review of existing agreements, taking into account the interests of developing countries and bearing in mind the work undertaken by other organizations.
128. The Committee also recommended that the General Assembly request the Secretary-General to advocate the measures necessary to improve the monitoring and evaluation mechanisms in order to ensure the full incorporation of predetermined targets, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement into the workplans of the clusters and sub-clusters.
Letter dated 13 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the joint declaration of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe concerning the situation in Kosovo, adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998 (A/53/84–S/1998/234)
Life expectancy at birth (men)
The courts of first and second instance dismissed the applications.
The representative of the Secretariat indicated that the Division for the Advancement of Women participated, at the invitation of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and, when relevant, in fact-finding missions led by the High Commissioner, in order to provide its expertise on gender and women’s issues.
As a general matter, humanitarian law covers three fundamental aspects of armed conflicts: separating legal military operations from illegal ones, protecting victims of armed conflict, and regulating the weaponry of armed conflict.
Several ideas were put forward in the "Agenda for Peace" - they included use of fact-finding missions and the effective deployment of United Nations forces - and have already been applied to certain difficult situations in Africa, Central Asia and the Balkans.
But Pikettism does not require income taxes, so much as wealth taxes.
There were differences between the fiscal year cycle of Member States, including Japan, and that of the United Nations and the technical problems caused by those differences should not be ignored.
The Council described the connection between terrorist and criminal activities as a serious challenge and threat to international security.
Legco election overall results
:: Failure to establish appropriate processes and structures to inform, direct, manage and monitor the activities of the Organization
In accordance with these widespread practices, the discussion of acquisition financing in the Guide focuses on tangible assets such as consumer goods, equipment and inventory.
There remained a need to ensure parity among the six official languages of the United Nations and in their use on the United Nations web site.
To date, the United Nations database does not generate its own original data but researches available sources.
It is time for sb . to do sth.
Management of environment, of natural resources and silviculture
Therefore, the Government of Finland objects to such reservation.
The agent of Cesar is in Rome for talks with Lazio president Claudio Lotito.
65. In addition to supplying drones and other arms to the Government of Israel, Elbit has been criticized for its electronic surveillance developed for use on the wall and its surveillance equipment used in Israeli settlements.
135.120. Address urgently the issue of impunity by strengthening the rule of law, including through a review of the judicial system (Germany); 135.121.
At the same time, without serious efforts to also address the core political issues of the conflict, prospects for a sustainable solution to the conflict will remain distant.
In the first, the idea is crowding enemies pressing in from every side, and yet not crushing him because the police of heaven cleared the way just wide enough for him to get through.
He isn't a scholar
In some cases, the researchers also managed to initiate online discussions about trafficking and forced prostitution.
56. Calls upon user States and States bordering straits for international navigation to cooperate by agreement on matters relating to navigational safety, including safety aids for navigation, and the prevention, reduction and control of pollution from ships;
Days worked
About the comfort women, we have to say that, on that issue, the Government of Japan continues to adhere to the position expressed by Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono in his statement of 4 August 1993, in which the Government of Japan extended its "Sincere apologies and remorse".
Item 6. Activities of the Office for Independent Evaluation
replied Villefort; No, no, madame, there is no such thing as chance
The Institute is increasing its outreach -- including developing a network of UNIDIR alumni -- increasing the emphasis on skills development through training of core staff and setting up the computerization of the growing resource library.
31. Algeria's international commitments prevail over domestic law.
19. To strongly condemn the crimes and terrorism committed by settlers, with the protection of the occupation authorities, against unarmed Palestinians and their property, farms, places of worship and cemeteries; condemn the abduction and burning alive by settlers of a Palestinian teenager Muhammad Abu Khudayr as a racist war crime and organized terrorism; hold Israel, the occupying Power, fully responsible for these crimes and acts of aggression; and call upon the international community to oppose these racist crimes, which are a blatant violation of international humanitarian law, the Geneva Conventions and other international instruments that ensure the safety and security of peoples under occupation by including settler groups and gangs that commit such crimes on terrorism lists and by initiating legal measures against them.
When God is, I am no more.
But it did not.
A special set of children's stamps, "Bunny Fun and Games", would be issued on Thursday, March 22, the Postmaster General, Mr Tam Wing-pong, announced today (February 26). Associated stamp products would also be on sale as from the same date.
:: Compliance mechanism
28. In view of the expansion of the Mission to the eastern part of the country and the resultant increase in air operations, a net increase of 11 posts is proposed.
Mechanical pressure switch, changeover contact, positive gauge pressure
15 February 2001
Trade facilitation Trade facilitation aims at developing a globally accepted, consistent, transparent and predictable environment for international trade transactions.
Siblin Training Centre - Completion of 2 Attic Roofs; Conversion of Dormitories into Specialized Rooms
At the same time, while 69 percent of those polled could name Paris's Arc de Triomphe, only 40 percent could identify London's Marble Arch.
I think so. It's just north of the school, right?
Avoid iron: A Swedish study has found that taking iron supplements after menopause raises the risk of endometrial cancer by 70 percent.
II. Political process
CHAPTER II APPLICATION FOR TRADEMARK REGISTRATION Article 9 In applying for trademark registration, separate applications shall be filed in accordance with the respective classes of goods as specified in the table for the classification of goods that has been published.
Meanwhile, however, we believe that in addressing this issue, the tremendous differences between nuclear-weapon States on nuclear strategy, nuclear force and the security environment should be taken into consideration. Different States should be allowed to adopt different transparency measures at different stages.
She remained convinced that there was a problem with asbestos contamination on the fourth floor and that the Administration was ill-equipped to cope with a large five.
But any change? the traffic is as terrible as ever.
Personnel selected for peacekeeping missions must be reliable, so as not to tarnish the reputation of United Nations peacekeeping operations.
25. Mr. Sach (Director of the Programme Planning and Budget Division) pointed out that the realized vacancy rate for staff in the Professional and higher categories in 2004 was 5.5 per cent.
Larissa Riquelme, a gorgeous lingerie model who promised to run naked through the streets of Asuncion if Paraguay won the World Cup, saw her nudity pledge end in heartbreak on Saturday.
Continuity of integration of socially excluded persons in the labour market and promotion of entrepreneurship is ensured by organising training seminars and a closing conference.
 27. The meetings organized by the Centre are intended to promote regional dialogue, through which pressing disarmament and security issues can be identified and an optimum and region-oriented solution can be found.
It circled over the South, Baalbek and Riyaq before leaving at 1745 hours over Naqurah.
After nitriding, the abradability of the boring axis is increased greatly.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The State party should compile the above-mentioned data for the whole country to allow the implementation of the Convention to be effectively evaluated and to facilitate the identification of targeted action to prevent and combat effectively torture, ill-treatment and all forms of violence against girls and women.
PAHO reports that the infant mortality rate was 17.2 per 1,000 live births in 2003.
The obligation to assistance starts from the age of 18 up to the age of 65 (men) or 55 (women) for all persons who are sufficiently healthy to fulfil the tasks.
Coke is an economical fuel but it leaves a lot of ash.
Chilean communists
Moreover, the Committee is concerned that certain issues contained in the draft labour code, such as the minimum age for labour and conditions of child labour, are not in conformity with the relevant ILO Conventions (Nos. 138 and 182 respectively), which the State party has not yet ratified.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
The scientists calculated the number of people in that risk category at between five and 10 percent of listeners, meaning up to 10 million people in the European Union.
At root, low morale is just a consequence of the indifference of medical scientists, busy in their labs, allowing the social and emotional foundations of their field to rot away beneath them.
While you work, you should work in earnest.
My statement concerns the A-5 proposal first and foremost, and it is my wish to confirm our faith in that proposal.
Similarly, dogs trained in the detection of explosives are used for sea, air and postal border crossings.
Because I have composed a poem sublime and you are my critic, you are my only critic, Teddy.
1. Take into account the recommendations of the Legal and Technical Commission when discussing and negotiating training programmes with contractors;
The roles of electrostatic interaction and electron delocalization in forming chemical bond are distinguished quantitatively.
Those States which were still hesitating to join the Protocol should be reassured through international cooperation.
The sharp rise in global oil prices threatened to increase Malaysia's budget deficit, since fuel subsidies make up a third of government spending.
Gone? How in the hell Down by the bridge.
● HFC-23 Control Measures in Paragraphs 8 - 10 of Article 2J: The proposal establishes control measures in paragraphs 8 and 9 of Article 2J that require all Parties meet chemical efficiency standards in their production of HCFC-22 and destroy all remaining HFC-23 by-product.
A: Wait! Don't yell
The Permanent Mission of Japan has further the honour to request the Secretariat of the United Nations Office in Geneva to have the explanatory note circulated as an official document of the Council.
UNIDO United Nations Industrial Development Organization
For chlordecone, there were 152 hits (17.25%), ranging from 12.3 and 2008 ppb. (Jensen, 2006).
- Exchange bureaux must have at least 200,000 euros of fully paid-up capital and equity.
113. For purposes of promoting accessibility to transportation, norms have been prepared and issued on accessibility to the transportation system, pursuant to Decree No. 5296/2004 (Brazilian Association of Technical Standards - ABNT; National Metrology Council Resolution - CONMETRO; and National Institute of Metrology and Industrial Quality - INMETRO Directives).
The complainant is a Sudanese citizen from Darfur belonging to the Borno tribe.
15. Equatorial Guinea
II. Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/69/L.15 and A/C.2/69/L.62
Admin, support
:: ESCAP high-level panel on environment and development (Bangkok, 24 December)
He has been a valued client of our bank for many years.
The representatives attending the session may participate in the session pending the decision of the Conference upon their credentials and accreditation.
Additionally, there are also Community Based Organizations which are informal, voluntary, rural community groups which also work in the interest of vulnerable groups.
Number of children
PRSP, CDF and CCA-UNDAF have encountered many challenges to their implementation.
False ark shell
Bahrain had also developed a media and communications strategy to raise public awareness and encourage participation in all aspects of the UPR process.
a Reports of the Secretary-General to the Security Council on individual peacekeeping operations (S/2011/678, paras. 25-26; S/2013/607, paras. 17-18; S/2013/651, paras. 22, 39-40; S/2010/213, paras. 29, 51; S/2013/607, para. 21; S/2012/838, para. 14; S/2010/164, para. 8; S/2013/420, paras. 19-23; S/2013/140, para. 33, S/2013/366, para. 30; S/2013/225, paras. 21-22).
I know that he fully believes that we need time, but I am sure he will soon enjoy healthy food.
Catherine was angry and rattled close to tears.
Committee on Conferences, substantive session [General Assembly resolution 43/222 B]
Elba, Alabama
Some people are afraid of the consequences they might get to the point that they don't want to try anything at all.
The acts perpetrated by these individuals in a crisis situation and in confused circumstances cannot therefore be attributed to the authorities.
His delegation looked forward to discussing the draft resolution.
US: We're Ready for N. Korean Missile Launch
Citizen participation
 That was most regrettable for, as long as that misconception persisted, policy makers would not provide cooperatives with absolutely essential legal and other support.
so much asrather than, rather that, but actuallyt that John was lazy and fat so much as the sky was blue and he wanted to play.
This has been a source of concern in the human rights community both nationally and internationally.
But unless the EU as a whole embraces the cause, Europe – caught between China, which has a very conservative but outdated interpretation of multilateralism, and Trump, who wants to get rid of it – risks becoming a casualty.
10 October 1999
The State party should implement in good faith all recommendations addressed to it by the Committee and find ways to ensure that its religious principles and laws are compatible with human rights and its obligations under the Convention.
Just leave the door open.
Please communicate this message to all employees.
The launch in 2005 of the Government's Digital Strategy.
Those convicted of crimes are sentenced to the deprivation of liberty, not to hunger and malnutrition.
Unfortunately, it turned  out to be out.
ANGUISHThe injured soldier moaned in anguish until the doctor arrived.
These favourable developments were counteracted by an increased politicization of aid flows.
(e) Implement economic instruments to internalize external costs based on the polluter pays principle and in line with principle 16 of the Rio Declaration;
It was noted, however, that policies and programmes for disaster risk reduction were not always based on science.
Chad
The water helps kill food-borne bacteria and offers an environmentally friendly alternative to the chlorine-based disinfectants used at most plants, fulfilling the chicken processor's goal of supplying 'the healthiest safest poultry while maintaining an eye on social responsibility,' according to a news release.
National currency and unit of measure:
208. Employees under 18 years of age are entitled to annual leave according to the grounds and standards by which the duration of annual leave is determined for other employees, increased by seven additional working days.
"Cultures and agriculture" and "The contribution of civilizations to world agriculture" are the two sub-topics.
4. At the same time, there is a need to encourage the greater participation of women in science and technology so that countries can benefit from the increased diversity and creativity this will bring.
Jordan himri
81. The question of access is integral to the provision of disaster relief.
An Inter-Agency Coordination Committee on the Cross-Border Movement of Nuclear and Other Radioactive Materials has been established and meets on an annual basis.
Dont allow peer pressure to force you into an inauthentic role.
The heavy plant is covered by special engineering insurance.
In the present case, without prejudice to the State party's obligations under article 20, paragraph 2 with regard to the statements made by Mr. Krarup, Mr. Messerschmidt and Mr. Camre, the Committee considers that the author has failed to establish that those specific statements had specific consequences for him or that the specific consequences of the statements were imminent and would personally affect him.
The draft decision submitted by the Chairman following informal consultations was before the Committee (see para. 3 below).
Frank E. Butler
Mount Britannia
The question of how to finance the long-term care of the elderly, and disabled adults of working age, has long vexed politicians.
"16. Welcomes the Global Report on Trafficking in Persons 2012 prepared by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and looks forward to the preparation by the Office of the next such report in 2014, pursuant to the United Nations Global Plan of Action;
6,206b,c
Under item 7, the Board had before it two reports by the Director-General on UNIDO contributions to achieving the Millennium Development Goals (IDB.38/14 and Add.1).
Shortening this time by only one day can have enormous financial and human implications for an affected community and country.
The strong leadership of the CPC is the fundamental guarantee for China's socialist modernization, for national unification and social harmony and stability, and for the unity of over one billion people as they work together to create a bright future.
Two countries informed that this principle was applied in some specific situations.
 (43) The General Assembly, States and national and international organizations should address the fact that new laws may be needed to counter new forms of technology used for child exploitation.
Well, dear, if I were   you, I'd let John have more to do with the management of Demi,   for the boy needs training, and it's none too soon to begin.
The system prompts you for the user's password -- this is like Telnet.
Gender Unit
United Arab Republic, United States of America
9. SciSat
The Trust Fund continues to ensure that its work integrates the Framework for Action of the Secretary-General's campaign UNiTE to End Violence against Women.
He expressed himself in favour of temporary special measures, which should not be applied in too strict a manner.
6 The Secretary-General has recommended the theme "Achieving the development goals of global conferences, including the Millennium Development Goals: challenges and opportunities" for the high-level segment of the Council in 2005.
Such regimes often act as non-economic barriers to normal trade and go against the principles of global equitable economic relations.
DIANA: What are you doing here
French battleship Vergniaud
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 3 December 2012
This is the most insecure phase, during which refugees have no safe haven.
22. Integration differs from assimilation in that while it develops and maintains a common domain where equal treatment and a common rule of law prevail, it also allows for pluralism.
The attention, the fake received, the time devoted to, the money which, were incredible.
It's a great honour to be elected a model teacher.
This snail art car, aka "The Golden Mean, " sits on the grass at the San Mateo Fairgrounds, the home of the fourth-annual Maker Faire.
(c) Efforts must focus on strengthening national capacities.
GDP this year amounted to US$ 185 billion in value terms.
The Council had before it documents E/1999/121 and E/ 1999/124.
The Panel concluded that this shortcoming created a "risk of overstatement" of the claim.
52. Wider criminal justice legislation also impacts on detention.
38. The Executive Board adopted decision 2010/31 on the annual statistical report on the procurement activities of United Nations system organizations, 2009.
Available on the United Nations home page and sent to the information centres electronically for their adaptation, including into local languages
A sunbeam brightened her hair to gold.
5. Consideration of reports on the work of the Standing Committee:
Holland and Sherry has spun its special vicuna worsted from llamas in Peru and Bolivia. It is then brought back to the company's factory in Yorkshire.
295. Under the guidance of the Senior Officer, the Programme Officer (P-4) will be responsible for developing and enhancing tools and guidelines and assisting in the preparation of training materials for risk assessment, monitoring and reporting in the field; providing substantive guidance and facilitating field mission risk-management processes, including those linked to Headquarters frameworks; developing reporting formats and distribution timelines for all risk-management matrices; providing guidance on and introducing methodologies for collecting, collating and disseminating information and data related to risk-management planning; and carrying out other programmatic and administrative tasks related to the risk-management function, such as providing guidance to field missions in the preparation of budgets (including results-based budgeting) and the preparation of inputs for audits.
Permanent Representative
19 September 2011
How much did you see?
Mauritius
Report of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Haiti (Council resolution 2006/10)
They were subsequently released after paying a fine. (The Jerusalem Times, 17 October)
3. The Committee will focus its work on the three priority objectives below:
The shipment left the country the same day for Israel.
25 April 2001
5. Deeply regrets, the continued refusal of the Abkhaz side to agree to a discussion on the substance of this document, again strongly urges the Abkhaz side to receive the document and its transmittal letter, urges both parties thereafter to give them full and open consideration, and to engage in constructive negotiations on their substance, and urges those having influence with the parties to promote this outcome;
The Hague
 Pursuant to resolution 50/23 of 5 December 1995, the present report also deals with the implementation of that resolution.
But, despite widespread depravity and injustice, we also found a remarkable resilience and optimism.
In response to the request contained in a letter dated 8 November 2006 from the Permanent Observer of Palestine to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2006/873), the President, in accordance with the rules of procedure and the previous practice in that regard, invited the Permanent Observer of Palestine to participate in the meeting.
Third/fourth quarters
The meeting rose at 11.25 a.m.
The key is how to use the sample data and mathematical model.
439. The Committee requests the State party to provide information, in its third periodic report, on specific measures adopted by the Office of the Human Rights Ombudsman that had been set up to promote and protect economic, social and cultural rights in the country.
The symposium adopted the "Vienna Declaration on the Role of Judges in the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms", which contains specific recommendations for Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations, as well as concrete proposals with regard to conflict and post-conflict situations.
It also reiterates its concern expressed upon consideration of the initial report of the Republic of Serbia under the Convention in 2008 at the fact that children in street situations are especially vulnerable to economic and sexual exploitation.
21. In accordance with the predominant opinion of experts, alternative care for young children, especially those under the age of 3 years, should be provided in family-based settings.
River bank which embellish along the silk and the grain, I swim against the stream.
Number of TB patients cured (target: 3% of total pop.);
Wherever you are,my concern will accompany with you.
A related question was how existing regional or subregional sustainable consumption and production programmes could be scaled up.
To reduce mortality as a whole, it is important to emphasize these determinants and the need for interventions that make the greatest difference for children most at risk.
But the fact remains that if she was sleeping in her own bed, she would have found the gravy ladle by now.
The Klipsk personal office unit.
The material before the Committee and the author's allegations do not show that the trial judge's instructions or the conduct of the trial suffered from any such defects.
Founding member of the Ecologists-Alternatives Party
We're gonna ship Brad's body off to his mother.
Taking note also of the report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East covering the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003,
The flame of hope ignited by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights must continue to guide all nations in the pursuit of democracy, development and the realization of the rights to which every individual was entitled.
10 am to 8 pm on 4-6 January at G/F Covered Piazza, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong;
They acknowledged that substantial progress had been made on macroeconomic growth and public financial management but noted that the results of measures to combat corruption were mixed.
Reaffirming the urgent need to recognize, promote and protect more effectively the rights of indigenous peoples, including their human rights and fundamental freedoms,
19. The Office provided broad-ranging support to Member States to improve their capacity to prevent, detect, investigate and prosecute corruption.
In this context, the Islamic Republic of Iran expresses its serious concern that the United States has decided to accelerate "testing readiness'' to enable it to reduce the time needed for resuming underground nuclear tests to 18 months.
"in connection with the formation or performance of a contract"
8. On protection of children from all forms of violence, abuse and neglect (a clear commitment under article 19 and related provisions of the Convention), the Committee feels that the general reference to this objective in paragraph 36 (a) is not appropriately reflected in the more specific "strategies and actions" described in paragraph 37.
 5. A decision of the Council of the European Union, of 30 May 1994, relating to the common position determined on the basis of article J.2 of the Treaty on European Union on restricting economic relations with Haiti (94/315/CFSP).
If he continued to run, his surgeon warned, the arthritis and pain would return.
Note: the Chair will propose compromise language for subparagraph 111(c).
OLYSET(R) NET is the only net fully approved by WHO as a Long-Lasting Insecticidal Net (LLINs).
The Organization should begin the twenty-first century by demonstrating a clear commitment to addressing and resolving the key development and security challenges facing our peoples.
Government-provided personnel: increase of 50 positions
 Finally, there has been much discussion this year in the Council of ways to enhance consultations and exchanges of information with troop-contributing countries regarding peace-keeping operations.
During the year, examples of projects studied included the proposed Port Development at Northwest Lantau, the Permanent Aviation Fuel Facility for Hong Kong International Airport, the Harbour Area Treatment Scheme, the Liquefied Natural Gas Receiving Terminal and Associated Facilities, a Logistics Park, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and an Offshore Wind Farm.
For a minute or two he was gone.
Though US tactics were debated and shifted from administration to administration, the overarching approach remained consistent, because it was broadly supported by Republicans and Democrats alike.
Introduction
12. To this end, it is essential to ensure that human rights teaching and learning happen in a human rights-based learning environment.
 39. Some members of the Commission had suggested that international crime could be defined as a violation of jus cogens.
In addition, as a result of the reduction and destruction of these stockpiles, a considerable number of military storage facilities which used to be overloaded with ammunition, thus representing a threat for the nearby communities and an obstacle for the development of the surrounding area, have been now closed and certified as threat-free.
Even though Gogol wrote about a mid-level bureaucrat in 1835 Russia, Rush says it feels like modern absurdist writing.
Speech and words are not a specific brain skill for men.
(10) Should the act of the international organization be wrongful and be caused by the member State, there could be an overlap between the cases covered in article 61 and those considered in articles 58, 59 and 60.
3. Kazakhstan
Without pointer arithmetic, the convenience value of pre- and postfix increment operators drops.
[Seismic phenomena:  When the earthquake occurred, the most basic phenomenon is the continuous ground vibration, is obviously the sloshing.
Don't rely on going to Japan.
She knew she was destined for a great future.
As they descended the steps, it is averred that the lattice of a chamber-window was thrown open, and forth into the sunny day was thrust the face of Mistress Hibbins, Governor Bellingham's bitter-tempered sister, and the same who, a few years later, was executed as a witch
(a) When there is no net change in the distribution of posts in the programme budget as approved by the General Assembly, the Secretary-General would have the flexibility to reclassify posts up to the P-5 level;
Hang Seng School of Commerce
9. The Group aims to meet every two years.
Civilian police
 The lifting of the arms embargo must remain a last resort.
Other projects had been conducted with developing countries on various aspects of investment, the technology of low-cost construction and material, and renewable energy.
Capella at one corner of the constellation Auriga. Capella marks the Charioteer's left shoulder.
One day birthday girl, boy birthday party in her gave her a lovely stuff bears, in a variety of birthday gifts, this is hardly the gift.
The current year will bring the United Nations complex into full compliance with the minimum operating security standards.
Commission on Sustainable Development, Ad Hoc Open-ended Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Energy and Sustainable Development [General Assembly resolution S-19/2]
Addendum
To date, only three countries of the subregion have ratified the Charter: Cameroon, Chad and Rwanda.
It would be helpful for the President of the Council to give regular briefings to the President of the General Assembly and to other concerned agencies such as perhaps the Peacebuilding Commission.
Regional cooperative mechanisms in the areas of technology, productive capacity, infrastructure and trade facilitation also played an important role.
A middle reinforcing part of escalator pedal relates to fixing part technical field of escalator.
This group encompasses a wide range of people from different backgrounds; this should cover everyone in the group.
Despite precarious external balances resulting from weak current account positions, domestic demand continued to grow, with firmly positive capital account balances.
The Panel has considered such time periods by reference to historical revenue trends and notes that the periods may in some cases extend to several years.
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the Security Council an addendum to the report submitted by the Executive Chairman of the Special Commission established by the Secretary-General, pursuant to paragraph 9 (b) (i) of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), issued as document S/1994/1422, annex.
In his report to the General Assembly on the financing of the Tribunal for the biennium 2002-2003 (A/56/497), the Secretary-General indicated that the use of ad litem judges to dispose of the Tribunal's caseload was to be the subject of a separate request to the Security Council and the General Assembly.
if you are boss , which kind of employee you like better normally.
In the long term, the success of asset recovery efforts will greatly depend on the capacity of justice systems and their ability to cooperate effectively.
A:  Thank you, Mrs Smith
In 2003, all I had managed was to run the dog three times a week for three or four weeks instead of walking her.
We have doubled our overseas development assistance to Africa over the last three years, and on current projections our development budget will double again by 2015.
We understand that the Member States' offer for this operation is in relation to their desire to contribute to the safety and protection of displaced persons, refugees and civilians at risk in Rwanda, including the establishment and maintenance of safe humanitarian areas, wherever possible.
We've never lusted after a cartoon character or the central figure in a computer game.
The delegation of Thailand expressed its appreciation to the secretariat for co-organizing the Ministerial Dialogue.
Wednesday, 25 May Informal consultations on:
The meeting called for the development of a multi-stakeholder youth employment programme for the Mano River Union countries (Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone) and Côte d'Ivoire.
The ABCO(IHH) is a statutory appeal body to hear and determine appeals by appellants against decisions made by DFEH under section 128C(1) or section 128C(7) of the Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance (Cap. 132).
If the suppliers cant distinguish high - risk and low - risk vendors, they will face credIt'sale risks.
Seismic effect of single - interval - time in millisecond blast was studied by means of response spectrum.
(Percentage of respondents to a survey indicating their awareness of ESCAP)
Their visit would provide an excellent opportunity to assess progress in the response to AIDS in Ukraine and strengthen national coordination among various stakeholders.
In the case of personal information protected by legal provisions establishing its confidentiality, the judge shall rule on the lifting of confidentiality taking into account the circumstances of the case.
NITAL ETCH : Process of checking surfaces of ground product for cracks or burns by use of a series of acids and neutralizers.
21. Please indicate how national development plans or poverty reduction strategies that are in place in the country, including those aimed at achieving the Millennium Development Goals, integrate a gender perspective and contribute to the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
49. In conjunction with the discussion of issues submitted to the attention of the Meeting by the Chairman of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf, one delegation expressed its view that the Meeting could not limit its role solely to matters of an administrative nature.
(c) Ensuring that all registered refugee data are recorded in a web-based and up-to-date electronic database that will serve as the hub of an effective management information system for the Agency;
The Special Committee has continued to press for a strong information programme that could reach out to the international community and, in particular, the people of the Territories.
In contrast, other official and non-official languages had daily programmes.
 In this connection, the Advisory Committee believes that an evaluation should be undertaken to review the long-term policy implications of the growing introduction of personal computers and local area networks (LANs) in the Organization.
In one video, a trout swims in a tank as eddies come toward it, first from one side and then from the other.
(United States dollars)
Extent to which measures have been adopted as set out in Article 7 of UNFA
The way in which the information is presented aims to ensure Distinction, Discrimination, Proportionality and Necessity are properly considered along with Collateral Damage Estimation and the Military Advantage.
The Committee is further concerned at the recent deterioration of the State party's international ranking as regards corruption and the effects this may have on children's rights.
AR2005/110/02
(c) the national efforts to effect change in social norms related to stigma and discrimination.
Spanish alcoholic drinks
Administrator: Could you give me your passport and your address?
The existence of ZML. com illustrates why Hollywood is in two minds about the web.
The Subcommittee invited ITU to make further reports concerning its contribution to the peaceful uses of outer space, including the use of the geostationary orbit and other orbits.
Friday, 28 May 1999
Towada Kankō Electric Railway Line
Currently, the core concept of values, diversification, and individualization has shown drastic progression among consumers.
Give suggestions for to use these information and to setup our own WWW service in China.
They outlined the aims of the workshop in identifying practical proposals for consideration at the Seventh Review Conference, stressed the importance of a forward-looking approach, and emphasised the need for fostering discussion and common understandings between States Parties and across regional groupings.
B. Inspection: new methodology and approaches
Rounding differences have attributed to the minor changes in net compensation from January 2009 to January 2011.
274. The Committee is concerned at the practice of early marriage, which is still widespread in some provinces, and different minimum ages for marriage for boys and girls.
Permanent Representative of Uganda to the United Nations
Hardware/software incompatibility risks
If you know true sphere of your activity and position, you can reconcile ideals with reality.
The JIU teams should comprise core inspection competencies and professional experience in inspection and/or oversight.
Former Residence of Chen Ci Yu-hon, it will open in the Chaozhou-Shantou Chaoshan Ren and cultural Secret.
Suddenly she climbs back onto the Titanic scrambling onto the deck below Cal and Jack.
It criticized the wholesale adoption by the European Union of the 1267 Committee summary of reasons for listing that it found contained "general, unsubstantiated, vague and unparticularized allegations", preventing Qadi from "launch[ing] an effective challenge to the allegations against him".
They carried out 23 armed sorties, 12 of them from Saudi territory with the support of an AWACS command and control aircraft operating inside Saudi airspace and 11 from Kuwaiti territory and by way of the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait with the support of an E-2C command and control aircraft operating inside Kuwaiti airspace. They overflew the Busayyah, Jalibah, Ashbajah, Salman and Artawi areas.
The majority of the 516 cases of disappearance reported in the past occurred between 1981 and 1989, of which certain persons were reportedly arrested and imprisoned for their alleged membership in armed opposition groups.
12. Encourages Governments to consider, within the national plans or other regional plans mentioned in paragraph 11 above, the establishment of public access to human rights resource and training centres capable of engaging in research, gender-sensitive training of trainers, the preparation, collection, translation and dissemination of human rights education and training materials, the organization of courses, conferences, workshops and public information campaigns and assistance in the implementation of internationally sponsored technical cooperation projects for human rights education and public information;
The State Council made the decision that builds center of Shanghai international shipping 1995.
"That's the place they got jumped, " Jack said, pointing out a damaged row of Optera trees at the bottom of the slope.
Breeding of Fresh Eating Black Maize Hybrid Tongheiyu 1
39. The public sector is another source of volunteering opportunities and volunteers.
Slovakia
And why are you behaving like that?
Well, it was just a tough day, and so I wanted to thank her for reaching out to the family.
He welcomed the Government's stated commitment to positive change, including in the area of human rights, and brought his continuing concerns to the attention of the Prime Minister.
The British government has been playing up the parallels, with much ministerial talk of a "Green New Deal" .
Preventive diplomacy is action to prevent disputes from arising between parties, to prevent existing disputes from escalating into conflicts and to limit the spread of the latter when they occur.
We hope Bhutan will show more flexibility in the bilateral negotiations to find an early and just settlement.
66. Viet Nam already signed the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in 2008 and is going to complete its ratification procedures in early 2014, as well as trying to develop and improve the law and policies in order to promote the rights of persons with disabilities.
FDI inflows, 2007
It was further noted that international assistance was not an act of charity, but rather an obligation that States had assumed through the ratification of international human rights treaties.
This paper introduces the types, property, application and the prospect of microbial pesticide.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/57/SR.46-48 and 56).
We must further develop solidarity among the member countries of this concert of nations.
However, in other areas of the Chaco, including Alto Parapetí, many landowners continue to deny the existence of forced labour.
We used to gossip for hours about everything under the sun.
Mr. Mario Carías
It should be noted that each of these operations should employ best available techniques (BAT) and be in line with best environmental practices (BEP) so that releases of hazardous constituents are prevented or minimized.
A few days later, and with electricity miraculously restored, I had an early meeting arranged at the office.
AND OTHER DEPENDENT COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES
When Manolin returned to Santiago's shack with hot coffee, the old man awoke.
Carol and Tom invited us to lunch.
How much oil do you require? Will five gallons see you through?
Even when Mr Obama has been unambiguously apologetic, his opponents often quote him out of context.
They have the right to vote and to be elected just as men do.
Measures to encourage reporting of violence, such as through primary health-care providers, have been initiated, as have strategies to ascertain the extent and causes of violence in the home.
Qatar Charity
There are also legal rules to prevent the establishment of legal persons for illicit purposes.
Those activities were organized through four regional economic communities: ECCAS, the Economic Community of West African States, SADC and the East African Community.
Maurice Duruflé
He had a weak chest, and the doctors had sent him to South Africa so that the dry air could cure him.
(Signed) BAN Ki-moon
He recalled that, while the proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2006-2007 had ostensibly represented the equivalent of zero real growth, requirements had grown significantly later on, bringing the actual programme budget to $3,798.9 million.
162. The Special Committee had an opportunity to acquaint itself with the situation of disabled Palestinians, whose number, since the beginning of the Israeli occupation, is estimated at approximately 15,000.
2. The Commission reiterates that sound social and economic development policies at the national and international levels should be part of the framework for the improvement of the effectiveness of the public sector.
Chapter three elaborates current status and characteristics of human resource management of state-owned enterprises.
Expenditure
Non-governmental organizations had proved to be highly effective in implementing programmes aimed at specific target groups, including HIV/AIDS prevention initiatives.
UNWomen has undertaken a global mapping of gender equality provisions in national constitutions, compiled in a searchable database, and produced a case study of lessons learned on ongoing constitutional processes.
A special effort was made for rural schools (the "piso rural" programme), which provided a special compensatory subsidy to small rural schools, based on a criterion which was different from that governing allocations in the general system: the fewer the pupils, the greater the subsidy.
Despite extensive trade liberalization, many least developed countries had not achieved significant poverty reduction, and some had experienced negative growth.
Further, since 2013, the Commission had held an annual two week anti-corruption training course for international anti-corruption practitioners, which had included participants from Botswana, Cambodia, China, Liberia, Malawi, Malaysia, Mongolia, Morocco, Nepal, Nigeria, Paraguay, Rwanda, Singapore, South Africa, Thailand, the Philippines, Timor-Leste and Zimbabwe.
 It would destroy democracy, since it would violate the principle of sovereign equality enshrined in our Charter.
B. Attendance
Letter dated 29 April (S/1999/493) from the representative of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed to the President of the Security Council, and enclosure.
Action taken by MINURCAT
Classification Table for English Books
The Committee continued its consideration of agenda item 79.
She seldom lodged the tourists.
The Government of Uzbekistan ensures complete freedom for religious organizations and does not impose restrictions on their numbers or the places in which they may operate.
- United Nations peace-keeping procedures;
You can't honestly expect me to believe that!
China
When a decision maker experiences uncertainty, he prefers to express each judgment with intervals of numerical value and express pairwise comparisons matrix with interval judgment matrix.
Satsuma ware
If that occurred, the ratfish might learn to turn around on its own when I flipped the switch only.
60 New Rachadapisek Road,
The Assembly also considered the item at its forty-eighth to fifty-eighth sessions (resolutions 48/161, 49/137, 50/132, 51/197, 52/176, 53/94, 54/118, 55/178, 56/224, 57/160 and 58/117).
Cancer cell walls have a tough protein covering. By refraining from or eating less meat it frees more enzymes to attack the protein walls of
Of course, the execution of an instruction may itself involve a number of steps.
(d) Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the programme evaluation of the performance and the achievement of results by the United Nations Mission in Liberia (A/64/712).
Although some readers might not care for gossipy reports of brusque bellboys in Berlin or malfunctioning hotel hairdryers in Houston, the true power of online reviews lies not just in the individual stories, but in the Web sites’ capacity to aggregate a large volume of ratings.
Regulation 15
However, he made clear that many challenges remained in light of the tremendous price paid in terms of human lives lost when atrocity crimes occur.
Extraction and Purification of Pueraria DC genomic DNA
Still in Switzerland, on 1 September 1885 a resident of Basel-Landschaft requested the Federal Council to expel one Georg Grüner, of Vienna, who, the author of the request alleged, "is engaging in immoral conduct and disturbing the peace of a number of families".
 7. Activities undertaken by ACC related to personnel and general administrative questions and financial issues are presented in section VI.
"According to the Oxford English Dictionary, Daft meant "mild" or "meek" in Old English, whereas it means "foolish" today.
However in recent years some institutional investors in America led by the pension fund have shifted from passive capital to active capital by adopting a kind of capital strategy orientating corporate governance.
16. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-ninth session, under the item entitled "Sustainable development", the sub-item entitled "Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development and of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development". 71st plenary meeting
This had resulted in the killing of more than 7,500 civilians.
Empowering the poor, including through encouragement and support of self-help programmes;
If, after practice and support, her performance is still insufficient, there is an ability-task mismatch.
Old Tibet did not have a highway in real sense, except for zigzagging mountain paths.
Special Counsel to the Secretary General of the Hellenic Ministry of Justice, Transparency and Human Rights
(b) Financial situation of UNIDO
7. In reporting on the impact of joint programmes, we will focus on their role in enhancing results through the increased efficiency and effectiveness and reduced transaction costs that they can bring.
Informal consultations (closed) will be held at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
"Deeply concerned that, despite the recommendations adopted on this question by the General Assembly, the Human Rights Council, the Commission on Human Rights and recent major United Nations conferences, and contrary to general international law and the Charter, unilateral coercive measures continue to be promulgated and implemented, with all their negative implications for the social-humanitarian activities and economic and social development of developing countries, including their extraterritorial effects, thereby creating additional obstacles to the full enjoyment of all human rights by peoples and individuals under the jurisdiction of other States,
She drew attention to UNDP progress in: programming arrangements; joint work with UNICEF, UNFPA and UN-Women in developing the integrated budget, 2014-2017, and the related issue of cost recovery; accountability and transparency; and leadership in strengthening the coherence and coordination of the United Nations development system.
Susan: And every lane is full of cars.
The current bill proposes a new subsection (1A) be added to section 3 of the Chief Executive Election Ordinance.
(e) Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy: report of the Second Committee (A/63/416/Add.5)
On the basis of the current URF, no conclusions can be drawn with regard to the verifiability of baselines.
Do you like your work?
One of these projects has been the publication of the World Culture Report, which has been highly successful in enhancing cooperation, in particular with the United Nations Development Programme and the Member States, in the area of cultural statistics, notably through the active involvement and support of national statistical institutes.
187. There were 137 strategic flight requests to the Strategic Air Operations Centre during the period from July 2013 to June 2014.
Furthermore, the review found that the country selection process for underfunded emergency window allocations was based upon the best available assessments of humanitarian needs and financial reporting, emphasizing that the selection processes provided a solid model for evidence-based funding allocation, worthy of consideration for adoption by donors who operate from a global level analysis.
The key issues with regard to these services are access to technology and know- how, capacity building, certification and recognition of qualifications (for both natural persons and companies), and "tied aid" as a restriction on trade.
And I know exactly what you're thinking.
52. The Ministry for the Family, Women and Social Affairs piloted the Innovative Management Project for the National Women and Development Fund in the district of Abidjan.
71. Retaining the core structural elements of the Mission would allow UNSMIS to build up and expand its activities as improvements occur, and strengthen those capacities that prove beneficial to the six-point plan and the political track.
(c) Control of alien invasive species.
UNFIL and UNMIL did not use this indicator.
But the interference fit by hydro form result in the damage occurring on the contact surface.
(d) Improved assistance in the implementation of international standards and good practices in official statistics, in particular in less advanced countries of the ECE region, including on gender-sensitive indicators
Rule 6 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Conference (A/CONF.171/2) provides that the Conference shall elect a President from among the representatives of participating States.
Of this amount, $5,476,000, representing fund balances for supplementary programmes that became part of the annual programme, were transferred from the Supplementary Programme Fund to the Annual Programme Fund at the beginning of the year.
But, ultimately, there is no broad-based support in the US for a return to closed borders.
There is a new star rising degenerating stage of health care industry.
Progress made in reducing violence in Colombia has been significant and the world acknowledges that.
`Don't leave me!
Hod made relatives; Thank god we can choose our friends.
America would be unlikely to tolerate a similar facility in a Chinese-allied Marshall Islands.
He never moved but what, if there was any danger of his conduct being misconstrued or ill-reported, he looked carefully about him and counted the cost of every inch of conspicuity
Go on, burst it. make haste . hurry up, now!
Web sites Presidency of the General Assembly:
Evaluations indicated that UNDP contributed to developing the capacity of many individuals and institutions at local and central government, at the community level within civil society and within the country office (Liberia).
Any differences should be explained.
Economic and Social Council event to discuss relief to development (E/2008/L.4 and E/2008/SR.6)
Appointment of fellows.
Sunddenly the wolf trembled. Its teeth clacked, and a piteous whine rose from its throat.
Some delegations expressed the view that national and international efforts should be intensified to reduce the creation and proliferation of space debris.
Such policies include: public sector engagement in R&D, simplifying access to patents, fiscal and financial support for new production activities and integration into GSC, GP and temporary protection of specific subsectors.
(e) Self-help groups and counselling services
(c) Enhanced national capacity to identify effective policies and programmes for efficient and cleaner production, management and use of energy resources on national, subregional and regional levels
15:00 to 18:00 Closed meeting Conference Room 6 (NLB)
Finally, the paper discusses the test system and the whole system work carried out.
34. The estimated requirements for the Office of the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Cyprus for 2009 amount to $4,321,800 net ($4,804,400 gross).
404 deaths
He proceeded to crumple the 20 dollar note up.
189. The executive branch, through the Civil Service Secretariat, has issued guidelines for inclusive and non-discriminatory practices within the civil service. The aim is to make the civil service a partner in the process of transforming the State culture of exclusion into one of inclusion. The executive branch also promulgated Decision No. 942/09 which laid down the basic framework for non-discriminatory and inclusive policies within the civil service and established regulations for the Directorate-General of Equality and Inclusion Policies, a department of the Civil Service Secretariat, established by Decision No. 2226/09.
7. The procedure for examining applications for the export of conventional weapons and related technologies was established by the decision of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine on approval of the Statute on the procedure for conducting examinations in the area of export control of 15 July 1997.
Last summer, Sarah worked three days a week for seven weeks at the Grand Rapids Comprehensive Therapy Center.
In this regard, special attention should be paid to the situation of child soldiers in the case of war crimes or large-scale violations of human rights.
No flexibility existed within either bloc for smaller groups of members to deploy alliance assets.
In overcoming the remaining obstacles to the peace process, there is no substitute for the political will of the parties themselves.
The document consists of three parts: official communication with Parties; communication with and representation of observers; and possible action by the Conference of the Parties.
Assuming that staff of any member organization can take on this role on top of their current workloads and organizational mandates, the Inspectors believe, will not allow UN-Oceans to be anything more than it has been - a loose group of individual staff members emailing on topics in an ad hoc nature.
Ms. Beradingar Ngonyame (Chad) 85
This country handbook, developed before training commences, is a compendium of country specific regulations and offers background information on ODS issues including an overview of the MP, its amendments and national phaseout strategies and is, therefore, used as the main teaching material.
11. Please convey the steps banks and/or other financial institutions are required to take to locate and identify assets attributable to, or for the benefit of, Osama bin Laden or members of al-Qa`idah or the Taliban, or associated entities or individuals.
Finely decorated 16th or early 17th Century Ming dynasty bronze lion form censer.
8. The report indicates (para. 5.10) that the Ministry of Gender and Development is understaffed and lacks adequate resources.
The Additional Protocols thereto of 8 June 1977 also include fundamental guarantees for humane treatment.
No child should be nor can be excluded from the educational system before completing his or her sixteenth year.
There were distinguished features between benign and malignancy tumors in the shape and size of tumors.
These policies, promoted by the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the World Trade Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development nations, have led to a concentration of land in corporate hands with a focus on exports.
When removing it slowly back to the first temperature, to near room temperature and then open the food.
The well-known facts with regard to young persons and the athletae prove this.
:: In 2007, a board member attended the fifteenth policy session of the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development, held in New York from 30 April to 11 May.
However the appellate court by virtue of paragraph 1 of article 257 of the code governing the procedure for general and revolutionary courts when hearing criminal cases, endorsed the remainder of the lower court's verdict.
Nevertheless, the needs in this area continue to exceed the level of resources applied to the provision of services.
(e) United Nations Volunteers ($2,328,200, or 50.8 per cent), due primarily to the proposed establishment of 84 additional United Nations Volunteer positions, combined with the application of a lower vacancy rate and an increase in the volunteer living allowance and settling-in grant rates;
You should never put a cotton swab or other object into the ear canal, but.
"I'd like to be rich, so I'll start a business. " Starting a business with a dream of riches is certain disappointment.
For instance, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights was of the opinion that the national court of Trinidad and Tobago, which had sentenced a woman to death, for the murder of her husband, should have taken into account evidence of years of severe violence against the offender.
" He rolled the chair over opposite the door, his hand resting on the edge of the drawer.
ARTICLE 9 : Right to Social Security
During the questioning in the District Jail in Priština, the arrested were held barefoot and maltreated.
Letters dated 23 and 27 September 1996 from the Permanent Representative of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council and to the Secretary-General, respectively.
Finland very much encourages the Commission also to involve the most vulnerable groups, as well as minorities, in the process of developing priority strategies and programmes.
A literacy programme was launched in 1996 aimed at enhancing mechanical and critical reading skills, as well as consultation skills and building self-confidence.
31. Underlines that all the initiatives on the evolution of the working methods, including those introduced on a trial basis, shall comply with the principle of parity among the official languages of the Organization, with a view to preserving or enhancing the quality and scope of the services provided by the Secretariat;
17. The Committee recommends that the State party clearly define the legal status of the KMCCR, with the objective of providing it with a clear mandate and provide sufficient independent human, technical and financial resources to ensure the effective operation of both the Centre as well as the Ombudspersons system to effectively monitor and investigate violations of the Convention.
In fact, it is small and light enough to make the absence so far of a "find your PlayBook" service annoying.
The expense arising from reporting a provision (or reducing any receivable) for unused funds is presented in the statement of financial performance as a component of other expenses.
Workshop on aapplication of the easy reference guide to reflect gender in national accounts and national budgets
A. Policy orientation 2 - 4 3
Recalling Commission on the Status of Women resolutions 53/2 of 13 March 2009 and 54/2 of 12 March 2010,
I would not like to try to interpret what is being discussed in the Security Council in terms of what we are saying here because I have not been following the debate very closely.
21.4 The international legal basis for the protection of refugees finds its principal expression in the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees.
The Commission emphasized that increasing the empowerment and the participation of women in economic activities was critical to reducing income and social inequalities.
Proposals and contributions received from Governments (A/AC.261/18)
In view of management of double - line tunnel construction and in particular the rail haulage problem, this paper sums up and analyzes the construction experiences of Sipujian tunnel.
He stated that without competition rules, governments could not maximize consumer welfare, and consumers risked being exploited by private anticompetitive practices as well as by governmental protectionism.
He did not suggest that women stop wearing high heels altogether, but recommended wearing flat shoes more often.
The overwhelming majority of Chinese women are located in the countryside, and they are the major force of the agricultural production and diversified economy in the country.
(e) Prepare and implement a communication strategy in order to give visibility to the progress achieved.
"2. Reiterates its demand that Israel, the occupying Power, cooperate with the Special Committee in implementing its mandate;
4. The present report responds to the concerns of the Committee for Programme and Coordination by (a) describing the mandate, funding history and coordination role of the Office; (b) describing the benefits of secure and predictable funding of its work and of the work of the United Nations; and (c) proposing a conceptual framework and definition of the administrative functions of the Office, while identifying those standing functions that are critical to the discharge of its mandate.
They also welcomed the decision of the Secretary-General of the United Nations to immediately establish a high-powered task force to address the current food crisis, its impact on poverty and long-term food security challenges.
Modules have been renamed and a lot of drivers have been partially or sometimes almost completely rewritten.
(f) The Federation participated in the African NGOs Forum held in Dakar from 12 to 15 October 1994;
It recognises that before reaching the streets, children will have experienced multiple deprivations and violations of their rights.
We are also committed to providing the Organization with sufficient resources to meet the mandates bestowed upon it, as well as our share of the additional resources that may be needed to finance approved reform proposals.
International Federation of Persons with Physical Disability
An agreement in principle was reached at meetings my Special Representative held in Belgrade on 6 July with Mr. Covic and the Serbian Justice Minister, Vladan Batic.
Financial regulations
(Please use this function when you are requested to provide meter reading by WSD)
Canada is developing a national all-hazards risk assessment framework.
However, these achievements at the aggregate level mask the growing disparities in many countries.
Using a calligraphy brush to write the single character on a wooden platform as tourists looked on, Seihan Mori, chief monk at Kiyomizu temple in the ancient capital of Kyoto, declared "change" to be Japan's character of the year
cave fish Fishes living in subterranean waters including artesian well. Not necessarily a true cave.
The Commission considered two draft documents produced to support the Model Law in this way: "Guidance on procurement regulations to be promulgated in accordance with article 4 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Public Procurement" (A/CN.9/770) and "Glossary of procurement-related terms used in the UNCITRAL Model Law on Public Procurement" (A/CN.9/771).
To halt the worldwide epidemic of noncommunicable diseases, Governments at all levels must make healthy solutions the default social option.
Thematic cluster I: staffing requirements
As a result of those efforts, the number of obstacles fell from 605 to 396 between May and November 2005.
45. The Committee urges the State party to establish a poverty threshold for its territory, taking into account the parameters used in the State party's first poverty and prosperity report, as well as international definitions of poverty, including the one adopted in the Committee's statement on poverty.
Mr. Robinson noted that the deliberations of the workshop would be taken into consideration in finalizing the Global Study.
I spotted a large weapon down below.
Coverage of events by international media.
Estimate 2006: 14
Poverty, ecosystem and health: High-quality water and a dependable water supply are both critical constituents and determinants of human well-being.
Notes
26. The Government has made the following efforts to promote the Sex Discrimination Ordinance and the Convention:
The Committee is of the view that new performance measures should have been included in the proposals of the Secretary-General to reflect the additional tasks to be performed.
At this landmark Conference, Heads of State and Government and high-level representatives renewed their "commitment to sustainable development, and to ensuring the promotion of an economically, socially and environmentally sustainable future" and noted that "transportation and mobility are central to sustainable development".
Venezuela’s late president, Hugo Chávez, was the chief exponent of this trend.
Furthermore, the Government was aware of the need to expand the scope of the law to cover victims of domestic violence.
Where surface shipment is the most economical means of transportation, surface shipment shall normally be authorized.
30. The General Assembly is requested:
Objectively considered, it means truth, the highest good, a supreme opportunity, a regulated life, communion with the best.
He appeared in person.
After a good rest, Mr Li was able to walk again.
(c) The estimated staff assessment income of 5,066,400 dollars, comprising the amount of 5,136,500 dollars for the period from 1 July 2010 to 30 June 2011 and the decrease of 70,100 dollars in respect of the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009, to be offset against the balance referred to in subparagraph (b) above, to be prorated among the budgets of the individual active peacekeeping operations;
An atoll is a ring-shaped island that encloses a central lagoon.
An independent Kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected.
One can travel there by ship or plane. Most people choose the latter.
Shortly after the funeral, rioters hurled rocks and oranges at police forces near the cemetery.
Date of signature: 31 March 1953.
The fact that the registers contain no earlier indications of the state's title to land areas does not mean that the said areas had a status of terra nullius, i.e. land that had no owner.
Pray relate it to me!
6. Half-day discussion on Asia.
List of Formula One Grand Prix winners
By furnace section analyzing and sampler studying, the erosion mechanism of magnesia ramming material and the long life of bottom lining are revealed.
2. Civil society including indigenous peoples was not formally involved in the formulation of the Goals and until now it has been largely absent from developing Millennium Development Goal strategies and indicators as well as from the monitoring and reporting process.
 Peace rests upon democratization and the creation of structures and practices which will, in the future, prevent political exclusion, ideological intolerance and the polarization of Guatemalan society,
Representatives of the federation of trade unions of Tajikistan, the Ministry of Labour and Social Protection and employers regularly participate in the work of the International Labour Conference in Geneva.
1. The Committee considered the second periodic report of the Plurinational State of Bolivia (CMW/C/BOL/2) at its 216th and 217th meetings (CMW/C/SR.216 and SR.217), held on 16 and 17 April 2013.
In addition, precious resources spent on these medicines go to waste.
The challenge before us is to reach agreement on the myriad of issues involved in this complex, multilateral treaty.
I must adjust my watch, it's slow.
14. The tenth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development is being conceived as a United Nations system-wide event aiming at undertaking a collective policy reflection and action-oriented deliberations on the development issue at the beginning of the next millennium.
Or did it?
61. Many delegations expressed support for the computerization of treaty registration and publication.
He also pointed out that, according to available information, the remuneration of the field-based staff of the current comparator was considerably higher than that of the United Nations staff, but that the matter was unlikely to be addressed.
 Africa for the past years, has greatly depended on multilateral resources which increased from $6.2 billion in 1990 to $7.1 billion in 1993.
20 March
In the period under review, support has been generously provided by the European Union.
Marine Education Leader Training and Education Programme (MELT)
1993-017E
But it was plain that they meant nothing should delay their shot.
(a) At the regional level three regional workshops (Asia and the Pacific; sub-Saharan Africa; and Latin America and the Caribbean) will be held on establishing private sector forums/investment advisory councils in developing countries involving local and international companies to identify and accelerate reforms to improve the investment climate and formulate sustainable investment promotion strategies
If we were Achilles , this would be our heel. This would be the place of our tragedy.
Once the changes are applied, the new file-based loop device will be mounted at the aforementioned mount point.
 The sponsorship, organization, financing and conduct of such a forum, preferably on African soil, would be entrusted to the United Nations and to the Organization of African Unity (OAU) in close cooperation with the rest of the international community.
Estimate 2002-2003: number of countries to be determined
Although we are aware that neither of the parties in the case is requesting the Court to deliver a ruling on the issue of universal jurisdiction, the international community will have to await another time to receive a legal ruling on both the legal regime and material content of the general issue.
14. Structuring and making available educational programs in the areas of Citizenship and Information Society.
The Secretariat gave the following details on recent events. On 18 December, an Ethiopian villager was fatally shot in the Central Sector inside the Temporary Security Zone.
Production sequencing problem is focus of study in abroad.
During the Crusades, Western Europe tried to contain the spread of Islam.
2006/07 Financial ResultsFor the financial year ending March 31, 2007, the total expenditure of the Force was estimated to be $10.9 billion, amounting to about 5.1 per cent of the Government's total budget for the year.
For years, scientists and physicians have been up arms about the rise in antibiotic resistance.
101. During the period under review 21 contentious cases were pending, 11 of which remain so.
"Police only watched ... they could not approach the tourists because they spoke no English," a local newspaper in the southern Albania coastal town of Sarande said.
Cooperation with SAICM, the Stockholm Convention, the Basel Convention and the Rotterdam Convention contact points: arrange for 10 meetings where the RC contributes an extra day for participants to discuss Rotterdam Convention issues.
A few days ago the President of the Conference on Disarmament was approached about this decision.
Sydney 2000 Cathy Freeman, an aboriginal Australian was chosen to light the Olympic flame, and therefore symbolise the unity between the countries white and aborigine population
Provision for doubtful collection of contributions receivable
Given that the above mechanisms have only been implemented quite recently, no significant lessons have yet been learned
(b) The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, including the Optional Protocol to The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, second Optional Protocol to The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights regarding Capital punishment;
We recognize the important role that can be played by ICT in promoting development.
Stating Your Work Experie 1. Sales manager.
Tiexi District
But, on Tuesday, the Supreme Court voted by five to four, overturning the ruling stating the policy was "neither arbitrary nor capricious" .
Linger: I knew I'd think of some way to get him involved in political action.
57. The Palestine question (9 December 1947; 25 November 1966).
The ship laboured in the heavy seas.
They went to the foot of the mountain by car.
E/CN.4/Sub.2/1997/31 3 Note by the Secretariat
Other level
The administration quickly moved to quash talk of Geithner's ouster.
Estimate 2010-2011: 29 youth groups participating in policy implementation
It will also support the negotiating position of the Arab countries with other regional blocks and economic blocks, including the WTO.
The reader can easily fill in the missing details proof of the following beautiful result.
More systematic use of high-quality, reliable and transparent data on conference services derived from the array of indicators contained in the Performance Measurement Matrix, as introduced in the report of the Secretary-General on pattern of conferences (A/62/161), will enhance global operational efficiencies.
He receive an invitation letter from the conference.
SANITARY WAYS IN SUMMER  Not only is summer a hot season but also diseases are apt to happen
Places of Public Entertainment Licence and Temporary Places of Public Entertainment Licence
Cooperation between the United Nations and the International Organization of la Francophonie
It looked forward to the conclusion of negotiations on the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism.
ECLAC should develop a plan to address the uneven geographical and gender distribution of consultants from the Caribbean and other regions of the world (recommendation 10, AN2010/730/01).
Table 1 lists the quantifiable attributes and whether they are specified as a maximum in a specification table.
The main theme was the new challenges to international peace and security, including international terrorism.
The SBI took note of the statement made by the representative of the Host Government describing progress made on the accommodation of the secretariat's offices at the United Nations Campus in Bonn, Germany.
Withholding agent shall handle withholding for all members in accordance with national regulations.
(b) Proposed amendment by the Federated States of Micronesia
11. In order to attain the foregoing objectives, UNCTAD, within its mandate, will take the following action:
The questionnaire survey provides the same picture: 66 per cent of the respondents stated that their expectations were met, while 78 per cent said that they would recommend this activity to others. We could expect even higher percentage figures for the programme.
Angola
AEPS Arctic Environment Protection Strategy
4.It is the importantest timethat who will be die or not
The Government informed him that a committee chaired by a retired judge of the Supreme Court had been appointed to inquire into the killings.
What did you tell him?
Ministry of Information Industry and Standardization Administration of China draft out the national standard for controlling poisonous and harmful substances or elements.
People lined the banks of the river to laugh at the weird device with its hissing engines and fancy paddle wheels.
This year could be as bad as last year in terms of layoffs.
For instance, says Wong, jokes and drugs are a lot alike, they both have to been screened.
In addition, UNOCI handed over 2 camps to the Ivorian Government to facilitate the reinstatement of Government offices, and moved to new sites (Odienne and Seguela).
Nikon D3S
Debt relief is another important issue.
In that event, the Financial Intelligence Unit requires the submission of details on their financial assets, as stipulated by the provisions of paragraph 17 of resolution 1970 (2011).
3. Iran had allocated thousands of police officers and billions of dollars to its efforts to curtail the transit of illegal narcotics from Afghanistan and had reinforced its eastern border.
Michael, you saved his life.
44. The HIPC Ministerial Network, while expressing satisfaction with regard to the pledges of additional bilateral ODA at the Monterrey Conference, regretted that ODA offers received from OECD countries often extended to tied, project-specific or ill-coordinated aid, or to the financing of non-priority projects.
An analysis was needed of the impact of young people in the formal economy in order to expand opportunities for youth and to promote development of programmes to eradicate poverty and guarantee access to health and quality education, decent work, and food and nutritional security.
31. In order to be able to achieve the planned timescales and activities considered during the planning and solution design phase (with a full implementation target date of November 2013), and considering the scale, complexity and change management aspects of the project, procurement and initiation activities should be completed by November 2010, as shown in table 2.
Nonetheless, MINUGUA recognizes a growing commitment by President Arz's Government and civil society to advance in the fight against impunity and towards the consolidation of the rule of law.
Its enduring influence will depend on two factors.
stock option stock options market
In the specific circumstance of this case, and in particular in the light of the findings in the above-mentioned medical report on the presence of serious after-effects of the acts of torture inflicted on the complainant, his political activities subsequent to his departure from the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (as described in paragraphs 2.4 and 5.3 above), and the persistent reports concerning the treatment generally meted out to such activists when they are forcibly returned to the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Committee considers that the State party has not presented to it sufficiently convincing arguments to demonstrate a complete absence of risk that the complainant would be exposed to torture if he were to be forcibly returned to the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.
Sometimes the best gift is noticing what Dad does around the house tokeepthings running smoothly, and then offering to do it in his stead.
Why couldn't I have had a girl?
Those technologies need to be upgraded, and emphasis needs to be put on medium and long-term climate forecasting, including the study of such phenomena as El Niño.
Standards for developing questionnaires are found in the Unit's internal procedures manual.
For example, in section 3, table 3.8, item 1, improved reporting of telephone billing information as well as a lower unit cost for the replacement of equipment in accordance with the standard budget rates of the Office of Information and Communications Technology and the replacement of several smaller subscription services with one comprehensive information service provider at lower cost have resulted in efficiencies;
The LED indicator will now be flashing RED.
The Action Team also took initial steps towards implementing some of its recommendations, including the preparation of draft terms of reference for the prospective international committee on GNSS.
13. Welcomes and looks forward to the continuation of the ongoing efforts by the Secretary-General and the international community to engage with Eritrea and Ethiopia to help them to normalize their relations, to promote stability between the parties, and to lay the foundation for sustainable peace in the region;
One representative introduced a conference-room paper containing a draft resolution submitted by a group of representatives on health aspects of the sound management of chemicals.
In that respect, the Committee requested ECA to provide leadership and assistance to its member States, so as to improve national capacity to fashion and implement effective communication strategies.
It is also the first time that Israel announced the intention to liquidate a person in name.
Lacking firmness, resilience, or muscle tone.
The Board recommended that UNRWA update the project procedures manual, with input from the field offices, and benchmark it against best practice and international standards (para. 103).
On investigation it was found that the complainant had repeatedly refused to follow the officer's directions, that no physical force was used by the officer and that any physical contact was inadvertent.
Agenda item 3: The sustainable use of biological resources: Ways to enhance the production and export capacities of developing countries of agriculture and food products, including niche products, such as environmentally preferable products (EPPs)
The efforts of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), the International Campaign to Ban Landmines (ICBL) and numerous other nongovernmental organizations around the world in calling for a ban of anti-personnel mines is evidence of the important role of public conscience in furthering the principles of humanity.
Let's see who finishes first.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian question
They are credulous people who believe in the advertisement.
Geneva, 6 March 2009
The model of export-led growth promoted by transnational corporations does not lead to development but rather to impoverishment.
Humor is the Ch'an mind of wis-dom that laughs at self , not others. Humor is the speech of wisdom that mocks self , not others .
Antiretroviral drugs
History of the Republic of Macedonia
However, as more and more developing countries create and fine-tune national e-strategies for development, some common threads are emerging in policies to promote e-business and e-commerce.
The environment, rigorously shaping and directing the life it supported, contained elements that were hostile as well as supporting.
Item 164 would be deleted.
These activities are supported by UNIFIL helicopter patrols and the activities of Observer Group Lebanon operating from four patrol bases.
15. UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures (2001)
While details on the number of posts to be established are contained in the tables at the end of the revised budget document, very limited information is provided to justify the increase in the number of posts proposed at Headquarters, to relate the number of posts to the volume of work, or to explain changes in the pattern of staffing in the Field, where 100 general service posts are added, offset by a reduction of 44 professional posts;
( I had my puppy love in the university.
917. In the cultural sphere, the reply is the same as that given in subparagraph (i) of point 1 and subparagraph (b) of point 5.
280
 This is a proposal by the Serb side.
New question emerges as they discuss furtherly.
During the last few days of this year we ought to take a close look to see what we need to let go of.
What is needed, as has been recommended by all specialists in international organizations, and in keeping with the wishes of the First Committee, is to give special priority this year to the theme of reform - as Norway has reminded us - and to make the effort to think about our own practice.
Gannett had a limited vision, and later Miller broadened it.
“(3) The contents of the notification shall include:
Decides that, for the reasons given in paragraph 189 above, it does not need to rule on the second final submission of the Republic of Peru;
Traditionally brominated flame retardants have been considered to be the most cost-effective way of imparting ignition resistance to many types of articles.
To address some of the constraints involved in topic-specific information-sharing events and seminars, UNCTAD has devised systematic training tools that use in-house pedagogical and training expertise and attempt to integrate the different areas of UNCTAD's work into a broader capacity development framework.
Her countenance assumed a smile.
The Committee is also concerned about reports of discrimination in employment on the basis of gender, age and ethnic origin.
The triennial comprehensive policy review should provide policy guidance for the direction and priority areas of operational activities for development in the next few years.
So we need to have your referrences urgently, especially your address and phone number.
GFDL
204. The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo for ratifying the Convention in 1985 without reservations and for submitting its initial report and second and third periodic reports, together with additional information in 1999 to update these reports, at a most difficult time for the State party.
1. Requests the Secretary-General to entrust the Head of the Mission with the task of formulating future budget proposals in full accordance with the provisions of resolution 59/__, as well as other relevant resolutions;
Call in this evening if possible.
Marbles, Fireplaces, Tables, Fountains, Flower Pots, Garden Furniture and Statues . Marble.
The increase in the resources reflects the delayed impact of six new posts approved in 2010-2011 (2 P-5, 2 P-4, 1 P-3 and 1 General Service (Other level)).
The author stresses that the domestic courts restricted his right of peaceful assembly on the ground that he had intended to conduct an event in an unauthorized location, in breach of a by-law.
These asymmetries need to be addressed in all existing agreements and any new agreements envisaged need to be pegged such that the rules fully accommodate the developmental, financial and trade needs of developing countries and provide them sufficient policy space.
This collaboration has recently included contracting an outside party with the expertise to review and revise existing programmes and to continue delivery of the training.
One solution would be to re-establish the former Subcommittee on Small Territories, which had been abolished during the United Nations reform process of the 1990s. The Subcommittee had provided a forum for a detailed discussion of political and economic developments in each Territory and had enabled Member States to examine new information which had subsequently formed the basis of the resolutions.
Annex C - List of Appendices
The composition and content of fatty acid of 28 almond varieties from Xinjiang
21 June 2008
Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (lead)
1,2-Dichlorotetrafluoroethane
Iraq's position on these two specific matters is well documented: namely, that the so-called "high governmental committee" was not constituted as a formal entity but was an ad hoc group called together from time to time by Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz to deal with specific United Nations-related matters, and that the late Lieutenant-General Hussein Kamel had, without the knowledge or the authorization of the Government of Iraq, concealed equipment, materials and documentation from IAEA and the United Nations Special Commission.
Nevertheless, there have been only 21 self-employed Roma since 2006 and the accomplished results are poor.
LCQ6: Police complaints system
 The Assembly, in its resolution 48/238 B had decided to appropriate an amount of $850 million gross for the operation for the six-month period beginning on 1 April 1994.
All the decisions, which result in a change in life direction, are made in a state of silence and stillness.
Therefore, China stands for enhanced international cooperation and joint effort in seizing the opportunities and coping with the challenges, thus pushing the economic globalization to achieve balanced, universally beneficial and win-for-all results.
Amount
Since the beginning of the current administration, the per capita/per day amount transferred to state and municipal governments has been readjusted by 40 percent, i.e., the unit value per day went from R$0.13 (US $0.06) to R$0.22 (US$0.091) (Annexes, Box 25).
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Assistance has been given to National Olympic Committees, international sports federations, the United Nations and NGOs. Steps have been taken to increase the quality of games and their global legacy for the populations of the host city and country.
My progress in lip reading and speech was not what my teachers and I had hoped and expected it would be.
The sphere of Essence thus turns out to be a still imperfect combination of immediacy and mediation.
Security Council resolution 1894 (2009) contains similar requests, including requests for the development of comprehensive protection strategies within missions and for the conduct of predeployment training on civilian protection.
Polluted water kills fish and other marine life.
鈥淭hey [large and medium-sized steelmakers] can still maintain a long-term pricing system with the Australian miners,鈥?and avoid higher-priced spot market purchases, Ms Wang said.
9. On 9 July 1994, at 0930 hours, 10 Iraqi military personnel were seen constructing ramparts at the geographic coordinates of TP1400078000 on the map of Eestgah-e-Navad, north of border pillar 4/3 and south of border pillar 4/4.
Despite Botswana's efforts to establish the requisite macro-environment, industrialization and economic diversification continued to be difficult to achieve.
Across civilizations the objects are related to stories of gods , deities and legendary figures.
In that regard, my delegation would like to welcome in particular the strong message sent by the Security Council to our development partners in order to mobilize the appropriate technical and financial aid to enable Guinea-Bissau and Sierra Leone to consolidate the gains made in establishing political and social normalcy in those two countries undergoing recovery.
To this end, the Director-General has taken a number of steps to strengthen the application of RBM within UNIDO.
Functioning of the Statistical Commission
Rumor grew of a shadow in the east, whispers of a nameless fear, and the Ring of Power perceived its time had now come.
Unity among the former revolutionary opposition is critical for the success of any democratic transition, and Egypt is no exception.
Did the Government intend to prohibit such practices?
This proposed element could be known as the Police tchadienne pour la protection humanitaire and would be composed of approximately 850 Chadian police and gendarmes who would be selected, trained, advised, mentored and monitored by United Nations police.
For those who snore only when sleeping on their back, placing a pillow under their upper back may encourage them to change sleeping position and shift onto their side or front.
Agenda item 117: Pattern of conferences (continued)
Branches of Government banks were opened up in these two countries to facilitate payment of retirement pensions to Iraqi refugees, and the Government launched a campaign to lure back expatriates by providing subsidies and incentives for them to return and to contribute to Iraqi reconstruction and development.
First, it is imperative that UNAMA have sufficient resources to carry out the election.
Work was ongoing in strengthening traditional protection measures to compliment the formal structures.
Russia thinks it should be a compact but politically significant document geared toward the future and stipulating clearly defined goals and mechanisms for equal co-operation.
The composition and test contents of the testing device for tight lock couplers are described.
6.15 p.m. Joint press conference with the Quartet principals and the Quartet representative, Mr. Tony Blair
Wong Wai
'he asked.Sir Henry and I both looked at the picture
52. The Committee notes the view of the Secretary-General with regard to a new profile for the next generation of security officers (see A/59/365, para. 25).
5. In play, recreation, sports and cultural activities 115 70
How to AGUA Design, 5 lab, cityyeastworks?
In any case, the available funding is in most instances tied to previously agreed projects.
It was noted that, in order to reflect in the preamble the main objectives of the draft Convention in a more balanced way, the principle of debtor-protection had been moved from draft article 7 to the preamble (and to draft article 17 ter; see paras. 81 and 168-176).
In the application he specified that the picket would be conducted by himself only and that the intended location was the pedestrian crossing at Lenin Street and Frunze Boulevard, across from the Liberty Square in Vitebsk.
Chair: Mr. John W. Ashe, Chair, thirteenth session of the Commission on Sustainable Development
China's trading partners in the United States and other nations blame part of the trade surplus on Chinese policies that they claim keep the value of its currency artificially low.
These efforts are designed to assist the national machinery in the advancement of gender equality and women's empowerment.
Effective implementation of the Plan of Action adopted in 2000 for the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism would speed up the process.
Ext.
Doha Declaration on Financing for Development: outcome document of the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus
Ionian Cruises and Lines S.A. f/
These terrorist groups usually carry out crimes against the Syrian people whenever the Security Council is due to hold a meeting on Syria, or, in this case, before the visit of Mr. Annan to Damascus.
21. I remain concerned about the rate of progress of the talks.
Fischbach-Göslikon
Article 21 - Freedom of expression and opinion, and access to information
The General Assembly,
A/C.1/64/L.38/Rev.1 -- Revised draft resolution entitled "The arms trade treaty"
SHOUT makes him LIFT his head to see: a LITTLE BLONDE BOY crouching, back towards us, watching the tide eat a SANDCASTLE.
The General Assembly adopted draft resolutions I to III recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 12 of its report (A/60/465) (resolutions 60/89, 60/90 and 60/91).
Article 2, paragraph 3, read in conjunction with articles 6 and 7 of the Covenant.
1 September 1993 d
Mr. Clerides stated that unless the Turkish Cypriot members accepted the conditions [stripping them of their constitutional rights as co-partners] laid down by him, he found it pointless to supply them the copies of the pending bills. ...
Educational institutions established in 1978
3锛孨ationwide cooperative partners and terminal network shall be set up in China in 2005.
to introduce, in a comedic story, the Food Safety Plan and ten safety tips for preparing foods served in a buffet
These are approached in an holistic way and all of the relevant authorities responsible for the implementation of various aspects related to international Conventions and local legislation with regard to terrorism, transnational organised crime, illicit drugs, money-laundering, illegal arms trafficking, and the illegal movement of nuclear, chemical, biological and other potentially deadly materials, are represented on the Working Group.
3. Use of retirees by department or office, 1995
: Usability Engineering process in the UK
212. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution contained in the report of the United Nations Forum on Forests, as amended (see E/2007/SR.49).
(b) The second paragraph under Action on draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.24 should read as follows:
First privatization by its nature is increasingly forcing central and local authorities to become profit-seeking in the provision of essential services.
There has been some increase in official development assistance (ODA) in recent years, to $104 billion in 2006, but much of the increase has been in the form of debt relief and emergency assistance rather than assistance for investment, technology transfer and capacity-building.
:: 720 quick-reaction force patrol days (3 patrols a day x 240 days), including foot and mobile (road and air) patrols, as well as escort operations
Under GHS classification, the relevant hazards, for which data should be provided, are:
Six entities, including peacekeeping operations and special political missions, reported having received one or more allegations, whereas 39 reported having received none.
27. However, these exciting developments happen to converge with a period of budgetary contraction, which has hit especially hard in the field.
In 2000, the United States had proposed adding an annex on anti-vehicle mines to Amended Protocol II. In view of the concerns caused by the idea of amending the Protocol once again, the United States, joined by Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Japan, Poland, Republic of Korea, Slovakia and United Kingdom, was currently proposing instead the adoption of a separate protocol on mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Second session
The Advisory Committee requested a further detailed breakdown of the other elements contributing towards the reduction, i.e. the amounts that relate to reduction of posts, reduction of services and other factors such as efficiency gains.
Original: French
They will be complemented by detailed internal procedures.
Games need to kill all the monsters are only cross the border.
180. A proposed expansion of the HIPC programme -- agreed by the Cologne Summit of the G-8 in June 1999 and endorsed by the international financial institutions in September -- provides for deeper, faster and broader debt relief.
(c) Usefulness: timeliness for decision-making, and clear and concise presentation of relevant facts;
Other UNDP advocacy initiatives reported at the national level included the Secretary-General's Task Force on Women, Girls and HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa; campaigns against rape, domestic violence, trafficking and the effects of commercial opening on women; and television and radio broadcasts for youth and students.
The growth of fundamentalist movements around the world as well as conservative political trends poses serious threats to the efforts to eradicate violence against women.
A number of States provided information on the procedure they would use to effect such a request: Switzerland (signatory), for instance, indicated that it proceeded through a delegation of penal prosecution to the State that had refused extradition.
3. Commends the Institute for its efforts to further develop active and close cooperation with the specialized and related agencies of the United Nations system, and with other organs, programmes and institutions, so as to promote gender-related analysis and programmes that contribute to the advancement of women;
This competence applies in regard to waters under national fisheries jurisdiction and to the high seas.
14. A significant increase has been noted in the use of the published Supplements to the Repertoire already posted on the United Nations Internet web site (http://www.un.org/Depts/dpa/repertoire).
Haarlem Baseball Week
Gerry: No need.
The monkey and tiger have absolutely different behaviors on different business.
I'm actually okay. I'm good.
Day-to-day management of the cash-flow crisis is diverting attention and resources that instead should be devoted to the efficient management of the Organization and to carrying forward the reform effort.
When you were 20 your list was "he must be tall, dark and handsome. " Try going against type. It just might be a perfect fit.
She repeated the waltz as an encore, eg at a piano recital.
With regard in particular to strengthening peace and security in Africa as a precondition for all economic and social progress, despite the significant positive advances as a result of the efforts undertaken to strengthen the capacities of the international community to effectively prevent conflicts, it is clear that there are significant challenges to overcome.
" These fully demonstrate the congenial connections of the people on both sides of the Straits, their sharing the same language and national feeling and their having increasingly deep common interests.
See my secretary. She'll set you up with the test.
LL: Well, we are now watching a DVD, if I don't let you use the remote control, then I'm hogging the remote
Cooperation between the United Nations and regional and other
UNRWA has communicated its concerns to the Syrian authorities and calls upon all parties to respect and protect the sanctity of human life as required by international law.
Countries such as Rwanda were invited to participate in the Joint Symposium on International Investment Law and Alternative Dispute Resolution, organized by UNCTAD and by Washington and Lee University.
10. The electric fence which Kuwait is erecting along the border has almost reached the southern limit of the demilitarized zone.
Lots of homes in town double as businesses.
It was filled with slips of paper , some  mileage  books , a roll of green backs.
Request of the Committee
81. At the first regional conference on the theme "Climate change impacts, adaptation and mitigation in the Western Indian Ocean region: solutions to the crisis" (Mauritius), West Indian Ocean countries were encouraged to initiate mitigation policies, including the development of ocean-based renewable energy; the rehabilitation of critical coastal habitats and their components, including coastal forest and seagrass habitats and enhancement of the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions through forests by developing and implementing national and regional blue carbon and reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD)-plus programmes and strategies with a transboundary focus, as appropriate.
Teachers and children suffered from food shortages and the destruction of schools and dormitories adversely affected education.
10. Expresses particular concern at the current major challenges to the nonproliferation regime that the Council has acted upon, demands that the parties concerned comply fully with their obligations under the relevant Council resolutions, and reaffirms its call upon them to find an early negotiated solution to these issues;
Second regular session of 2013
I'm not that mean, despicable, cowardly, lewd creature that horrible little man sees.
Bremen
8. Requests the experts to consider specifically the situations of poverty in various parts of the world in the light of international jurisprudence, treaties, covenants and other relevant instruments with a view to putting an end to extreme poverty and social exclusion, and to consider the policies of the World Bank, the World Trade Organization, the International Monetary Fund and other international bodies for fighting poverty;
They canalize their energies into charity work.
Such suggestions and general recommendations shall be transmitted to any State Party concerned and reported to the Economic and Social Council, together with comments, if any, from the States Parties.
He stressed, however, that the Millennium Development Goals would remain achievable provided concerted actions were undertaken.
It's all in the math.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/212 B, department heads and programme managers bore responsibility for implementation; it was normal practice, however, for them to assign actual implementation to lower-level staff in their departments and offices.
The Office of the Prosecutor also continues to support the ongoing initiatives to assist staff through this transition, such as career counselling and training opportunities.
"Let it go around no more.
Relevant actions are taken within the framework of the National Action Plan prepared by the Task Force.
We must also promote international cooperation in the use of science and technology for peaceful purposes.
Since 2013, the Office of Slovenia for Youth has been coordinating the CoE No hate speech movement campaign.
For this example, data matching the database records was inserted into the cache rather than loaded from the database to expedite the execution time.
We need to respect and protect all work that is good for the people and society.
UNIDO should therefore help South-South cooperation to create a favourable environment in which developing countries could make use of new knowledge developed in the South.
Comparison of romance plays, between Li Shaohong's and QiongYao's
Each recommendation is reproduced in full. It is then followed by the Secretary-General's comments.
We will now take a decision on draft resolutions I and II.
The Monroes continued to entertain extravagantly.
This includes efforts to eradicate poverty, achieve food security, enhance access to energy and increase energy efficiency, promote global health, improve education, accelerate the pace of economic diversification and transformation, and improve productivity and competitiveness, thereby supporting sustainable development.
Interest income -- other
Let us put aside the ever-expanding roster of sexual harassment and assault complaints brought against his flagship Fox News Channel.
This may be a result of a decision by the Supreme Court of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Sarajevo ruling the "Rules of the Road" agreement to be legally binding on all courts within the Federation.
4.2. Evaluating the main projects in progress;
It was doubtful whether anything like a collective position of the States parties to general multilateral treaties could be said to exist, especially as the draft guideline did not establish the time by which such a position had to be established.
1. Trials and appeals
In El Salvador, authorities developed a National Action Plan for Disaster Risk Reduction.
This article has studied the brake system and Yaw - control system of wind - driven generator.
In addition to the statements made by Council members and the representative of the Peace and Security Council, the Council heard a statement from the representative of Burundi.
551. The Committee recommends that the State party:
Equipped with anti-skid wheel and brake device that the machinery can run steadily and is safe to use.
It called on all States with space programmes to join such efforts.
Paraguay emphasized that the unilateral imposition of economic or trade sanctions, or other types of measures used as a means of political pressure employed by highly developed countries or by economically independent countries, was incompatible with international law, the Charter of the United Nations and major international instruments.
9. The Committee notes with satisfaction the adoption of various measures to enhance employment opportunities for women, such as the continuous training courses delivered for women through the Women Empowerment Programme project; and the revision carried out by the National Remuneration Board in 2008 with regard to the wage gap between women and men for field-crop and orchard workers, as well as for livestock workers.
This included understanding the types of hazards that were specific to the region, the data needed to deal with such hazards, current data availability, including having access to the data at the appropriate time and in the appropriate format, and finally the existing available technologies and the solutions developed that made use of such technologies.
But, while per capita indicators are useful for assessing a country’s consumption potential, they do not provide an adequate picture of growth potential, because they include the elderly and the young, who do not contribute to production.
While gender equality and women empowerment is still viewed as a cross-cutting issue and thus reflected in all aspects, there is also a dedicated subsection including the commitment of least developed countries to strengthen the role of relevant national mechanisms and scale up resources, as well as to promote effective representation and participation of women in all spheres of decision-making.
In addition, it must be mentioned that the principle of establishing equality, which also relates to advancements, is the substance of Directive 76/207/EEC (Equal Treatment Directive), as amended by Directive 2002/73/EC of the European Parliament and Council to amend Directive 76/207/EEC on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment of men and women as regards access to employment, vocational training and promotion and to working conditions.
1891 by country
Additional research in sustainable agricultural systems is also needed.
Its task was to organize disbursed groups of refugees.
POP
From the standpoint of both mitigation and adaptation, technology is the key to any viable sustainable development policy and thus to the fight against climate change.
(a) In the fourth preambular paragraph, the words "the country" were replaced by the words "El Salvador";
The fields are too windy. They are not happy now.
E. Effective coordination of humanitarian assistance efforts
The functions and related resources that were identified for transfer in 2012/13 and 2013/14 to the Centre were: check-in and check-out of field personnel; processing of education grants; operation of a regional training and conference centre; operation of the Transportation and Movement Integrated Control Centre; finance functions, including aspects of field-based payroll, payments, cashier and accounts; and human resources functions, including international recruitment, post management, and time and attendance.
The point is, in the eyes of country folk, distance is but his or her estimation and nothing scientifically accurate.
54. Mr. Kadiri (Morocco) said that according to the terms of his mandate, the Special Rapporteur must report exclusively to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
VIII.98 The Advisory Committee points out that the presentation of several indicators of achievement used in the logical framework for the United Nations Office at Nairobi leaves room for interpretation (see, for example, table 28G.6, indicators (c) (i) and (ii)).
According to the information received, Mr. Alkhodr's arrest was a measure of reprisal vis-à-vis his father to prevent him from any activity relating to the protection of human rights and the holding of any political views.
Title
Croatian scientists
In 2005, 5,877 passengers took Spring Festival charter flights, while the number soared to 27,276 this year
Taxies also cause a lot of problems.
The Committee was informed that the revised draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Introduction 1 — 6 2
Every Mother's Day our kids gather purple bouquets.
The United Nations Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention will promote data collection and analysis on the situation concerned with the trafficking in women, build up a database of good practices against trafficking in women and develop and implement projects and develop the database under the Global Programme against Trafficking in Human Beings.
In addition, he found a general atmosphere of violence and aggression in almost all places of detention, as well as no clear separation of detainees according to the different stages of criminal procedure.
Allow me to also pay tribute to her distinguished predecessor, Mr. Jan Eliasson, the Foreign Minister of Sweden, for the exemplary way in which he guided the proceedings of the Assembly's sixtieth session, during some of the most trying times for the United Nations.
Fifth, there are persons who may have been accused of supporting violent opposition but who have not used violence themselves, as well as persons who were actually engaged in armed opposition, who have been tried by courts whose independence is questionable.
Due to the permitted and often encouraged use of local women and/or prostitutes for purposes of "rest and relaxation" for the soldiers, the formation of a thriving red light district closely follows the establishment of a military base or camp.
It can also be used to transform boring data into colourful graphs and charts. It greatly enhances the readability of data by visual presentation.
7. The demilitarized zone remains calm and stable.
  His former employer, Professional Cycle Marketing, of Essex, had argued through their lawyers that his injuries were not as bad as suggested in court.
Nuaillé-d'Aunis
A Risks: The absence of any of these conditions poses a serious risk.
On 18 August 2005, given the numerous procedural deficiencies of the request, the court established a new deadline for its submission.
40. It is estimated that about one half of the international personnel of relief organizations have left Liberia as a direct result of the insurmountable difficulties and impossible conditions for the distribution of humanitarian assistance.
Many singles also choose to say goodbye to their single lives on this day.
An example of such an exclusion may be the case of writing formalities required pursuant to international treaty obligations of the enacting State and other areas of law that are beyond the power of the enacting State to change by means of a statute.
"1. To clarify a number of technical expressions used by the Convention whose meaning may vary from one country to another (article 23 of the Convention, items No. 1, 2, 6 and 12);
It will have effective management capabilities to execute the day-to-day operations of the Fund.
Statement by the President of the Security Council
I just realized that i-i do know Aron We went to summer camp together. we got married.
Whose waist - coat is this?
The issue whether it is advantageous or not has aroused a heated discussion all over the country.
… In many ways, the bad economy will allow Obama to duck critical long-term issues, such as entitlements, trade, and tax reform.
1186/2003, Titiahongo
"(b) The first session of the Preparatory Committee will be held in 2014, after the seventh session of the World Urban Forum;
On the one hand, clear and strong CAAC protection standards and important concrete initiatives, particularly at the international level, have been developed.
South Florida rail metro system
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations
Coherence tip (first of all,  :also, moreover, in addition, what's more  :however, on the other hand, but  :at last, finally, most important of all ()  3. Lie tip (,for example: what's your favorite sports
Taking into account the objectives of the United Nations Decade of International Law,
Besides, as a senior UN official laments, the Iraq fiasco has "poisoned this well" .
Gambia
In case it is that way which sectors have the most probability to attract Chinese investment?
On 29 August in Abidjan, the political opposition declared that it would be impossible to hold elections on 30 October, while stressing the need for a transitional period during which President Gbagbo would not be in power.
Women also frequently suffer physical complications following abortion.
The equipment professional bakelite and the metals double whistle head satisfy to give musical performance the demand of the different melody style;
Hostages
X (A/66/18)
Other activities, 2005-2007
During these tests, a crosswind generator used for testing effects of crosswinds on commercial jet engines was set up next to the test stand.
No. 8 (a): ODA flows (per cent of donors' gross national income)
We took my father's stories of the gods with a grain of salt.
The Article not only compares the difference between traditional teaching and multimedia teaching,but also discusses courseware maki ng and the mistake of multimedia teaching.
Behind me my brother - a year younger than I - was playing  placidly upon the floor with a toy.
2. The provisions of this article do not apply to the following: [...].
"I would argue it is a chicken egg if it has a chicken in it, " he said.
The case of fire on the ship, provided for by paragraph 3 (f) should definitely be exempt from liability since it was one of the events that could not be foreseen by the carrier.
Never throw anchor and warp over side together.
People from Oahu
Without it, you may lose focus in life.
In the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the Baltic States, reforms in the financial sector have continued as part of the impetus for EU accession.
He finally came back empty-handed.
In the education, teachers are playing a leading role and students are a main body .
Discussion on this issue will be facilitated by exchange of relevant experience.
(g) Recommending that a non-compliant situation be addressed by the noncompliant Party with the aim of resolving the situation.
It was as if an impenetrable black mass was charging me at ramming speed.
Research and Analysis of Inclusions with Unqualified Z-direction Properties of Heavy Plates
He emphasized the need for equity between the two Tribunals as well as equity between the Tribunals and the Court and pointed out that the issues before the three bodies were of equal importance to the General Assembly.
Moreover, the inhabitants are faced with the high cost of health services.
The balance of power is shifting to the users and the security model must evolve to respond to this shift.
123. UNDP led the preparation of the report of the United Nations Commission on the Private Sector and Development, Unleashing entrepreneurship: making business work for the poor, issued in March 2004.
Implementation of medium-term programme framework, 2002-2005.
Preparatory Committee for the United Nations
In the hands of a trust company in La Salle Street were railway certificates aggregating seventy-five thousand dollars, which yielded four thousand five hundred annually, the income being paid to her direct
Russian Federation
 The strengthening of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction through the addition of a legally binding and effective verification regime is equally important.
Washington has put forward an array of measures, including a 7 billion stimulus package, to revive the bleeding economy.
Recovery :
Intrepid adventurers tell of fantastic ruins that stand as silent witness to the power and knowledge of the ancient Qalians.
 While some support was expressed for the proposal, the prevailing view was that the suggestion would produce the undesirable result of prohibiting simple demand guarantees and clean stand-by letters of credit.
Submission of questions to the Compliance [. . .]
ages 20 - 64, 2005 36
The details (name, title/function, workplace, fax and telephone numbers and individual e-mail address) of delegates should be sent to the secretariat by Tuesday, 4 January 2011 at the latest.
A/C.1/67/PV.2-22
Ms. Aitimova (Kazakhstan), Vice-President, took the Chair.
Non-expendable equipment (acquisitions)
Rule 12
However, the Chinese government is aware that the level of balance between the supply of and demand for grain in the country will have to be further enhanced, and the tense situation between supply and demand will continue to exist for a long time to come.
This paper realizes regulating dynamically through setting up estate management fund in terms of system innovation, in order to achieve maximization of the efficiency of house-using.
Poorer countries are not the only ones to be hit by TB.
Many speakers urged the Conference to move quickly to establish a formal mechanism to review the implementation of the Convention and the Protocols thereto, particularly in light of the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Convention.
He a shrewd businessman. He knew which side his bread was buttered on.
The Executive Director further recommends that the Committee of the Whole should consider the following items of the provisional agenda: item 4 (a) (Policy issues: state of the environment), item 4 (c) (Policy issues: environment and development), item 5 (Follow-up to and implementation of the outcomes of United Nations summits and major intergovernmental meetings, including the decisions of the Governing Council), and 6 (Other matters).
The situation is different where intellectual property is transferred before the creation of a security right, as no priority conflict arises here under the law recommended in the Guide.
115. Several changes in the welfare system have been described above.
8/7. Mandate of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises 30
They have promised to do the necessary work, and, above all, to be accountable.
Here, I would like to briefly emphasize the following points.First, efforts to protect civilians in armed conflict must not deviate from the principles enshrined in the United Nations Charter and the provisions of relevant international law.
East Rail line
In this regard, a proposal has been put forward to the Development Account for a modest grant to initiate country-level activities and seek co-financing.
Volcanic rock was well developed in the west of Liaoning some Au Ag deposits and mineralization points have been found in this area.
She didn't belong, and felt utterly forlorn.
A harmonious society is a society in which there is a sound and concordant relation of social benefit.
Mr. Aung was reelected at the seventeenth session in 2011 for a term of five years, starting at 1 January 2012 and ending on 31 December 2016.
Computer Programming Software Terms, Glossary and Dictionary - Y Z ?
Perhaps it was then that she saw the smoke begin to go up.
The adjustments are listed below:
Did you see anything fall out of it
14, paragraph 1; 19; 25; 26
New
"7. Invites Governments to use more efficiently current statistics systems with regard to remittances flows, on the understanding that the provision of reliable data would be of great importance to fully grasp the economic consequences of remittances and maximize their impact on development;
Members of the appellate body shall be recognized authorities in relevant fields, and have the requisite scientific, technical, socio-economic, or legal qualifications and experience to carry out their functions.
Any idol can shatter your dreams and disillusion you but all the more so with guilt.
26. Nevertheless, neither Burundian society nor the law authorizes or tolerates abuse in the exercise of this authority.
Other matters
These resolutions provide a clear road map for the steps that need to be taken.
92. The Government of Barbados and its Security and Law Enforcement Authorities share the Security Council's concerns about the inter-relationship among the various components of transnational crime, and are participating fully at the national, regional and international levels in the response to these threats to security.
countriesb Number of countries
While polls show Americans still favor troop withdrawal from Iraq, more people now believe the situation in that country is improving.
Whether it is a matter of creating equality in the areas of gender and health, achieving education for all or ensuring a clean environment, it is not merely a matter of funding, it is just as much about establishing the basic principles of human rights and democracy.
23. Several indicators from the activities, human resources, procurement and equipment domains emerged, which when taken together strongly suggested that the production of liquid-propellant engines could have been the only purpose of Project 1728 and that it was more advanced than had been declared.
Fourth session
Participants urged the Judicial Group on Strengthening Judicial Integrity and its coordinator to finalize the commentary on the Bangalore Principles, taking into account the comments and views provided by Member States, as well as the views expressed and recommendations made in the course of the Meeting.
As the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development affirmed, the strengthening of partnerships must include major groups as a key contributor to the implementation of environmental commitments and in engaging relevant stakeholders in new mechanisms to promote transparency based on best practices and models from relevant multilateral institutions.
(i) create a subregional common system to verify the validity of licences issued to civilians at the national level to possess, bear, use and trade in small arms
10. To receive the catering self-sustainment reimbursement rate the contingent must be able to feed its troops with cold and hot meals in a clean and healthy environment.
Sub-paragraph (a) - What measures if any have been taken to prevent and suppress the financing of terrorist acts in addition to those listed in your responses to questions on 1(b) to (d)?
The High Representative for elections in that country, Gérard Stoudman, also briefed the Council, and the Secretary-General offered his observations.
You think children are incapable of sound judgment, so you replace me to make decision in everything.
Ghana commended Qatar for conducting programmes to promote a culture of human rights, for issuing a standing invitation to the special procedures and for amending its Criminal Code to align its definition of torture with that in the Convention against Torture.
Individual business card printing and membership card factory during the production process, there was a custody transfer paper is common.
Having conducted the review of Sweden on 7 May 2010 in conformity with all the relevant provisions contained in Council resolution 5/1;
Saint Lucia
(a) Established provisional definitions for low persistent organic pollutant in section III A;
Conclusions: It is an effective treatment that the first operation on the patient with severe head injure is carried out with wound open and the second is done later.
Reporting of syphilis and blennorrhagia is compulsory.
Spiny babbler
It was, the judge ruled, more akin to a cake or bread which, as a general foodstuff is zero rated.
Looseness of the heart is like a dried-up well, already brewed all those valuable tears.
The well-known old adage, "Prevention is better than cure", is a wise one.
Resolution 1931 (2010)
This savings clause is styled after similar savings clauses found in such instruments as the Convention on the Rights of the Child (art. 41).
In 2012, the Office channelled $709 million of its expenditures through 757 NGOs (154 international and 603 national and local NGOs).
More than 40 years ago one of my predecessors in the post of Minister for Foreign Affairs, Dr. Miguel J. Moreno, addressed this General Assembly on the topic of international cooperation for development.
Recalling earlier resolutions of the 10th Islamic Summit Conference, 28th Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers and 18th Session of the COMCEC;
 This, however, led to smuggling from/through Albania and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, across the Danube river, as well as by individual conveyances.
Implementation of the initiatives endorsed at the Abu Dhabi Summit is expected to span the forthcoming fiveyear period and complement the role of UNEP in the rapidly changing information access world.
Maybe I just imagined the whole thing.
Their parents do their best to stop them from starting the habit however most of them are unsuccessful.
The more you give, the more tax will be deducted - a minimum donation of $ 100 is tax - deductible.
1. Takes note of the observations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, as set out in paragraphs 348 and 352 of its report,6 on the review and conclusions reached by the International Civil Service Commission on the changes in average tax rates in the seven headquarters countries which formed the basis for the development of the current common scale of staff assessment for pensionable remuneration, and on the impact of the possible use of national tax rates to determine pensionable remuneration for staff in the General Service and related categories;
Let me tell you, I won't invite them again."
3 For more information, see: http://www.prosalus.es/derechoAl/deDerecho.asp.
Firefighters took two hours to release the driver from the wreckage.
The notion of abuse of rights refers to the exercise by a State of an otherwise lawful right in an unlawful manner.
But we must not rest on our laurels.
Opening of the meetings of the Special Committee in 2005 and election of officers
53. CEB also took note of the United Nations Development Group's ongoing work.
Therefore, the cause and lesson of Soviet drastic change have been the hot topics which the academic circles study.
You don't look as if you liked it.
13.48 To further enhance the support to ethnic minority students in their learning and homework, especially in learning the Chinese language, starting from early 2010, the Constitutional and Mainland Affairs Bureau also sponsors three of the support service centres for the ethnic minorities to provide after-school tutorial classes for ethnic minority students from Primary 1 to Secondary 3 at the centres, schools and other premises identified by the centres.
The Criminal Investigation Department of the Guyana police investigated seven cases of trafficking in persons, in which nine people were involved, in 2010.
Law enforcement
To promote and exchange best practices, the Department organizes seminars and visits to cooperatives abroad, and promotes the formation of special teams, especially from small cooperatives, which research and provide recommendations on best practices to all cooperatives.
The following shortcut key combinations can be used while debugging code.
12. Please indicate whether the State party envisages granting special protection, including temporary residence permits, to victims of trafficking, even when they are unwilling or unable to cooperate with the prosecution authorities, and focusing its efforts on the rehabilitation of the victims more than on their repatriation to their countries of origin.
a black resinous substance obtained from certain trees and used as a natural varnish.
Subject matter: Retroactive application of criminal law establishing a lighter sentence.
:: Raise requisitions for goods and services
the land administration departments which verify and issue certificates evidencing the land-use right if the land-use right to the land to which nothing is firmly attached is mortgaged;
The week following his first visit to her he was appointed editor of the "Echoes," an important column.
Many delegations praised the generosity and solidarity shown by neighbouring countries in hosting refugees.
The previous record was 16 minutes and 32 seconds, set Feb. 10 by Switzerland's Peter Colat, according to Guinness World Records.
They also need thewith one very good Ge likewise.
However, the gap penalty cost is arbitrarily designated in this method.
Perhaps they'll listen now.
However, developing countries still faced fundamental problems.
29. Guinea has provided a safe haven for refugees fleeing conflict in four out of its six neighbouring countries, namely Guinea-Bissau (1998-1999), Liberia (since 1989), Sierra Leone (since 1990) and Côte d'Ivoire (since 2002).
Years in Southeast Asia
57. In the past year, Viet Nam had implemented a series of measures to address the economic and social impact of the global economic and financial crisis, including a number of fiscal stimulus packages and social protection schemes, such as low-cost loans for the nation's poorest to encourage trade and production in rural areas.
Many paid tribute to his hard work and his clear vision in a difficult time, and, in the words of one speaker, his dedication helped to compensate for the cut-backs in resources.
42. Khaled Khelf Abd Almoutajalla, 41 years old, student, addressed at Qariat Tassa, Sahel Selim, Assiout, arrested on 20 May 1994, detained in Oued Al Jadid Prison;
General prohibitions and restrictions
In 2000, the United Republic of Tanzania set a quota of 20 per cent of seats to be allocated to women in all political parties based on the proportional number of parliamentary seats won in an election.
V. Financial, budgetary and administrative matters
Excuse me, could you talk about the loss of your electricity meter?
Finally, some comparisons are prov ided between Krugman's ideas and the conventional economic geography.
President Clinton, distinguished guests and my fellow citizens, the peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history, yet common in our country.
Transfer from/to reserves and other transfers
The Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development and the Plan of Implementation reaffirmed the principles established at the Rio Conference and adopted an integrated approach to the three pillars of sustainable development.
7. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
2. Requests the Secretariat to submit the technical guidelines to the Conference of the Parties to the Basel Convention at its eighth meeting for its consideration and for the possible adoption of the guidelines.
LIFE will be implemented in 35 countries either with a literacy rate of less than 50 per cent or a population of 10 million or more people who lack basic literacy skills.
The Vienna Group welcomes the IAEA's efforts to assist IAEA Member States in strengthening their regulatory control on the applications of radioactive materials, including the Agency's International Catalogue of Sealed Radioactive Sources and Devices.
Committee's decision on admissibility
By afternoon, he was happy to see that the wet leaves had reduced the swelling.
Mauritius Ivan Leslie Collendavelloo
There was no lift or any excitement in his heart.
I'm single , and has no intention of plighting his troth yet.
Anything less would have consequences for the individual countries that fail to do so, and have a negative impact on those that achieve compliance in time.
So still was her face as she stared at Stuart that he, never analytic, took it for granted that she was merely surprised and very interested.
An assembly, a procession or a demonstration shall be held in a peaceful manner; no weapons, controlled cutting tools or explosives shall be carried, and no violence employed.
(a) The appointment of a world coordinator to provide strong leadership — a sense of direction and a sense of trust;
(6) one too many I found myself one too many among people
Access to medication in the context of pandemics such as HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria
But the mood Monday was far from jolly inside the suddenly and indefinitely closed establishment.
B. Weapons perspective
Drinking and using drugs are the causes of sexual relations and increase the possibility of having unsafe sexual intercourses.
The report contains the proposed resource requirements for 2012 for the Office of the Joint Special Envoy of the United Nations and the League of Arab States on the Syrian Crisis and the Office of the Special Envoy for the Sudan and South Sudan.
Together they make responsible family size decisions.
5.4.3.4 Delete.
A case in point is OIOS's own results framework, for which, in response to General Assembly expectations, indicators have been defined in terms of the degree to which oversight recommendations have been implemented.
And the country still suffers skilled - labour bottlenecks.
That ticket admitted three to the concert.
At the same time, it should be recognized that dependence on extrabudgetary resources for core expertise and basic secretariat functions is not tenable in the long term and that funding needs to be provided increasingly from the regular budget.
The Insolvency Guide discusses reorganization proceedings in some detail (see Insolvency Guide, part two, chap. IV, paras. 26-75), including voting by secured creditors (see Insolvency Guide, part two, chap. IV, paras. [38]-[44]).
The Committee is concerned, however, at the slow pace of enacting and reforming the laws related to the implementation of the Convention.
Convention on the Political Rights of Women (1953).
So I want to try it, when it is all validation effect.
The new textbooks will come out at the end of this month.
185. With a view to protecting their health and that of their offspring, citizens entering into marriage in Turkmenistan have the right to medical and medico-genetic examination in appropriate health clinics of their choosing.
Britain's image abroad is crucial to attracting foreign investment, so such perceptions are important.
The intended period of time for movements in block 6 may not exceed one year, with the exception of multiple shipments to pre-consented recovery facilities that fall under the OECD decision (see third bullet under block 3), for which the intended period of time may not exceed three years.
In addition, the fishing industry has strong linkages to the rest of the economy and generates employment opportunities.
You might do this if the strings that you are displaying are from a database whose contents you are not sure that you can trust.
Online identification methods were developed based on model reference adaptive system (MRAS) for one - mass and two - mass systems.
27. The proposals submitted by Proposers A and B affirmed their commitment to meet the operational dates indicated in the request for proposals.
As concerns the quality of justice delivery, the assessment seeks to identify objective indicators to provide an indirect measure of the quality of justice delivery.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
Clearly a very open discourse is under way in Iran and a major theme is human rights.
Sixty years ago, George Marshall came to this commencement and announced a plan to assist the nations of post-war Europe.
Is legal aid provided to the victims to pursue their claims?
As exposed in this report, these elements are only nascent in the United Nations entities.
The organization shall conduct internal audits at planned intervals to determine whether the quality management system
Other firearms, their parts and components and Ammunition;
The party was a disaster.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
18. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide, including from the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Technical Cooperation in the Field of Human Rights, the necessary assistance for holding international and regional meetings of national institutions;
Several analyses have confirmed the need for increased financing, including the situational analysis that informed the work of the IIWG.
To win, a robot had to excavate 150kg (330lb) of simulated lunar soil and move it into a container in less than half an hour.
impulse crime  Crimes such as shoplifting, raping, vandalizing, etc. that are done on an impulse
In that context, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, whose women had suffered and continued to suffer so greatly, urged the international community to spare no effort to help root out violence against women, which continued to plunge so many families into mourning.
The treatment goal is to reduce lymph stasis and avoid further complications.
(a) Ministerial consultations
(a) Representatives of States members of the Council: Qatar, Saudi Arabia;
In our view, the Review Conference should remain a genuine forum for gaining insight based on experiences and lessons, and should redirect and reorient the global process on small arms and light weapons.
Statistics of children in paid employment
Despite the vast amount of work done in the past year and advances in some areas, the progress made has been insufficient to provide significant results across the broad range of issues necessary to satisfy the ambitious, development-oriented results that are expected to emerge from the Sixth Ministerial Conference.
It does not mean that the other issues are not important, but, quite frankly, even though my questionnaire specifically asked about the other three issues that are recognized as perhaps not having the same, let's say, status, most countries -- almost all countries represented in this room -- did not even talk about them.
"The Security Council reiterates its full support to UNIFIL and looks forward to the completion of its deployment early next year as contemplated by the Secretary-General in his letter.
Jackson's doctor became the subject ofthe a police investigation afteradmitingadmitting he gave Jackson a powerful drug to helps him sleep.
29. Ms. Romy Tincopa (Peru)
This is a lot of fund just are mixed the consistent judgement of legal personage.
A: (52) A: This is the best material we have to offer
 2. At its 663rd meeting, on 2 February 1993, the Special Committee unanimously re-elected Professor Ibrahim A. Gambari (Nigeria) as its Chairman, and Mr. Jayaraj Acharya (Nepal), Mr. Victor Batiouk (Ukraine) and Mrs. Annette des Iles (Trinidad and Tobago) as its Vice-Chairmen.
57. The Transport Officer (FS) will plan, organize and control the stock of all vehicles, spare parts and consumable items to maintain the fleet of vehicles.
And the reporter told us exactly how she succeeded.
Registration document symbol:
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
6. In the light of the report of the Special Rapporteur, the Committee shall assess the position adopted by the State party and, if necessary, set a new date for the State party to submit its next report.
The public authorities do, at any rate, have the obligation to guarantee it.
Wherever you are, as long as there's a wireless connection, you're connected to the whole world.Mine is like that, but it's not the latest model.Ah, but listen to this.
Legal frameworks that address the life cycle of chemicals and waste
Article 12 of the Constitution guarantees that everyone has the right to legal assistance, while the financially weak are entitled to "free" legal aid, at least legal aid that is paid by the State.
3. Evaluation of the amendment to paragraph 9 (c) of the terms of reference
He regreted that he had not followed his advice.
4. Invites relevant non-governmental organizations to bear in mind, where appropriate, the problem of hostage-taking in their deliberations;
Some other countries have placed obligations on health institutions to have staff qualified in palliative care or have established group of experts on the issue.
In this regard, we emphasize the responsibility of targeted countries to fully implement the provisions of all relevant Security Council resolutions.
Local officials, many of whom were Sufis, started to put pressure on Salafis, forcing their spiritual leader out of Dagestan.
A new modality could evolve only with strong political will on the part of Member States, particularly the donor countries.
Based on comparisons with Coca-Cola, Trian said Dr Pepper could trade at a multiple of earnings that would make it worth almost 20% more, or roughly $66 a share.
Coordination and guidance through the Strategy system
The canyon's only a couple of hundred meters, and after that it's skiff city.
Counselling services are also provided to pupils in the Agency's preparatory schools to familiarize them with the training courses available at the Agency's training centres.
The emulsion is toxic to birds, baby sea turtles, fish embryos, crabs, and shrimp larvae, not to mention sea grasses and marshlands.
Added as a foot note: tall fruit is e.g. apples and pears; small fruit is all kinds of berries.
To be annoying,he have to go to work on Sundays..
Rotary Centennial Institute for Wetland Conservation (District 3450 Area 5) Inaugurates
Agenda item 28: Advancement of women (continued)
As such, the Committee is supportive of efforts to systematically build management and leadership capacity through the implementation of focused management-oriented training.
- The enactment of Law No. 98-16 of 17 November 1998, prohibiting female genital mutilation;
 (d) Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes;
He fell in love with her madly
(c) Integrated Mission for Sustainable Development (IMSD).
UNICEF is assisting in the preparation of Cambodia's periodic report under the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which was due in 2002.
Because they are constantly visible , they are easy to memorize, particularly in sovereign applications.
In this context, the role of the statistical data and metadata exchange initiative should also be analysed as part of a long-term solution;
To tell you the truth, I was the one who broke the vase.
Ahead of the presidential, parliamentary and local council elections in Sierra Leone in November 2012, a mobile training programme was implemented to support women to develop campaign strategies.
65. Given the urgent need for a strengthened and more coherent United Nations system, Peru welcomed the adoption in October 2009 of the system-wide plan of action for poverty reduction, the overall objective of which was to enhance the coherence of United Nations system-wide activities in the area of employment and decent work.
Agenda item 42
The infant mortality rate is indeed a product of socio-economic conditions.
If you do all these and many more things at once, you change the way the whole system of planet Earth behaves, with social, economic, and life support impacts.
∙ Home countries whose tax policies allow the use of optional reserves and grant tax deductions for the depreciated value of their firms’ foreign affiliates could consider recognizing the present circumstances in Asian countries as meeting the criteria for such reserves and deductions.
Every initiative which concerned indigenous people should be guided by two principles. First, criteria that were alien or unacceptable to the identity of those concerned should not be applied; and second, the indigenous people themselves should be involved in all stages of projects, from feasibility studies to implementation, evaluation and readjustment.
However, mercury in the resultant amalgam is susceptible to volatilization or hydrolysis.
The requested State may continue to refuse to supply such information if that refusal is based on substantial reasons unrelated to the status of the holder of the requested information as a bank, financial institution, agent, fiduciary or nominee, or to the fact that the information relates to ownership interests.
(CBI/KPMG London Business Survey) The latest CBI/KPMG London Business Survey found 74 per cent of companies reporting problems with finding skilled staff, up from 61 per cent a year ago and half in January 2005
The author was subject to detention pursuant to MHCAT, as a compulsory patient upon a clinical assessment that concluded his mental health condition was a serious danger to himself and others.
:: Inadequate management of financial performance below expectations
But it seems possible that the reporting process is monopolized by one group, resulting in the exclusion of others.
Recent food safety scandals and a growing knowledge base are slowly making a change.
'If last year's survey had been six or seven weeks later, there may have been a different answer,' said Jim Dilworth, head of Morgan Stanley Investment Management for Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Estimate 2002-2003: number of partnerships and alliances to be determined
Mrs Nixon is in black,I see. Whom has she lost?
17. Welcomes the active role played by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization in the High-Level Committee on Programmes of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, and encourages it to continue promoting enhanced coordination and coherence within the United Nations system with a view to reinforcing the quality and relevance of the United Nations in the field of economic development;
Only then will they be able to tell if he is truly up to the job.
Mongolia
7. Non-governmental organizations
Maybe stella won't like any of my stuff.
You are like the wind blow in spring into my heart.
A polynomial-time algorithm, which effectively produces the optimal transport scheme, is presented for this generalized model.
And third, I want a recount.
If you get a warning as such, please try again later.
August 2007
21 August 2002
Ten weeks,Hermione snapped
Vibration in turbine generator set and powerhouse is ubiquitous because of their structure speciality and function.
(d) The Prosecutor may notify the Pre-Trial Chamber of the need to take the decision concerning authorization of the initiation of the investigation as a matter of urgency, in view, in particular, of the danger that the evidence may disappear.
The Governing Council also adopted decision SS.XI/4, by which it invited Governments and relevant organizations to finalize in 2010 their deliberations on improving the science-policy interface for biodiversity and ecosystem services for the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, longterm human well-being and sustainable development and requested the Executive Director to support efforts by Governments and relevant organizations to finalize the above-mentioned deliberations and, in so doing:
The Council will also place on that roster the candidates who were recommended in the present report but who were not appointed by the General Assembly.
  We must show that the United Nations is capable of fulfilling that purpose, so that States do not feel obliged or entitled to take the law into their own hands.
Rail infrastructure by country
12. Canada`s generous system provides asylum to persons in need of international protection.
Non-profit-making SME support organizations, trade and industrial organizations, professional bodies and research institutes.
War crime of unlawful confinement
 It is imperative that such processes be duly supported so that they can consolidate and improve the living conditions of the population and stand up to possible coups de force or other such threats.
Objective of the Organization: To ensure the effective implementation of the UN-Habitat mandates and compliance with United Nations policies and procedures with respect to the management of the work programme, the medium-term strategic and institutional plan and staff and financial resources using a results-based management approach.
Around the capital and in other urban areas, most are nuclear families based on a married couple, although that pattern alters the lower the position on the socio-economic scale.
Glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody is the most valuable index for diagnosing of LADA.
Mr. Al Bayati (Iraq) took the Chair.
In that State then no performing parties would be liable under the Convention.
Redistributing and relocating the Headquarters workload to other parts of the world will benefit more countries and economies; allow the United Nations to widen and deepen the skills pool from which it recruits; and enable it to reduce the overall costs of its operations.
By the way, I have received two successful promotions in the past using these methods and I think these could work for you too
 The price the Afghan people paid for this humane and historic mission was a heavy one: 1.7 million killed, more than 1 million disabled, the country's economic infrastructure destroyed and more than 10 million land-mines still on Afghan soil.
Thursday, 28 October 2010, from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room 8 (General Assembly Building).
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace.
Promotion and protection of human rights in post-disaster and post-conflict situations
3. In its previous concluding comments, the Committee requested the Government of Lao People's Democratic Republic to widely disseminate the concluding comments in respect of the combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth report.
48. Also requests the Department of Public Information and its network of United Nations information centres, in the context of General Assembly resolution 64/137 of 18 December 2009, to raise awareness on issues related to women and peace and security, within existing resources;
did you learn to speak English?
 We need a new development paradigm that is people-oriented: human rights have their economic dimension.
A key development since 1999 is that the Shannon mandate for commencing FMCT negotiations no longer enjoys consensus in the CD.
Lessons learned
In her touring band, the lead guitarist is Nuno Bettencourt, one of the key pop-metal figures of the late '80s and early '90s.
Those in employment have seen their incomes improve towards the end of the decade.
"Recalling further the definition of torture contained in article 1 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, without prejudice to any international instrument or national legislation which contains or may contain provisions of wider application,
That's how they got my fingerprints on the gun.
So the study of hydrogen embrittlement is still avery important and very active topic in metal science.
50. The draft articles addressed several aspects pertaining to immunity ratione personae.
I also need some chalk, and I have to take all those composition papers.
The wear of cylinders of diesels in old vessels is often heavy, which may do great harm to the profit of the shipping companies.
Enhanced coherence between national development strategies, on the one hand, and international obligations and commitments, on the other, would contribute to the creation of an enabling economic environment for development.
The quickest and simplest any relationshellop is to listen to gossip.
Fifth Committee
The main units of High Readiness Forces are equipping with new protective suit (FOO) based on SARATOGA fabric.
The old couple laughed over the letter they had received from their little grandson.
He stressed that the meeting should provide clarity on the schedule of the programme of work of the AWG and the issues to be considered in 2008 as well as on the time frame within which the AWG should complete its work.
Rural indebtedness has continued to grow in recent years.
The site was contaminated with hazardous wastes associated with the production of aviation fuel during the Second World War.
 24. Mr. MANOLOPOULOS (Greece) said that his Government subscribed fully to the statement made at an earlier meeting by the representative of Ireland on behalf of the European Union on agenda items 110 (b) and (c).
He was too moved, by the warmth which collusion had brought to their relationship.
The standard unemployment rate fell from 20.9 per cent in 1997 to 15.6 per cent in 1998, the lowest rate recorded since 1995.
Since all persons who are believed to have connections with terrorist groups, including those listed by the UN Security Council Sanctions Committee (UNSCR 1267) are incorporated in the databases of the Directorate General for Security of the Ministry of Interior and the Undersecretariat for Treasury, among others, it is not possible for them to obtain any kind of firearm license.
In theory, governments in such a situation have five basic options to contain crisis conditions, pending the effects of measures to reinvigorate growth and employment engines.
In addition, a guided self-assessment midterm review was prepared during 2010 for, and to the satisfaction of, the initiative's donors.
The Advisory Group's first meeting for 2012 was held in Geneva on 29 and 30 May, with 12 members participating.
4. In connection with item 60, the First Committee had before it the report of the Secretary-General (A/48/366 and Add.1).
The PiS does not owe its rising popularity to its anti-immigrant stance alone.
30. The form of government within the democratic State is an essentially presidential republic.
Her mother died unexpectedly, why?
Additional observations by the complainant
All submissions should be accompanied by a brief presentation (one paragraph) of the submitting organization's experience in the subject matter.
and at the Public Enquiry Service Centres of all District Offices.
(c) An understanding of internal control, risk management and procedures for financial reporting;
Water
The Committee had an important role to play in guiding the Open Working Group on Sustainable Development Goals and the Intergovernmental Committee of Experts on Sustainable Development Financing.
However, 26 million people are internally displaced owing to conflict, insecurity and persecution, while many millions more are displaced owing to natural hazards.
(b) Effective support to timely implementation of decisions, recommendations and programmes of action adopted by conferences and meetings of States parties to various multilateral disarmament and non-proliferation agreements
e European Agreement concerning the Work of Crews of Vehicles engaged in International Road Transport, 1970.
Mali
The following paragraphs explain the two general private international law rules outlined above and their exceptions.
I was in denial, always wondering why no matter how much exercise I did, I saw little results.
The person(s) responsible for an assembly, a procession or a demonstration shall, when necessary, appoint special personnel to assist the people's police in maintaining order.
To advise on the indicators and metrics to be used in Platform products and on the standards necessary for capturing and managing associated data;
the solemn commitment of all States to enhance international cooperation in the field of human rights and in the solution to international problems of a humanitarian character in full compliance with the Charter of the United Nations.
Most have been compiled by communities or community groups for their own benefit.
The company has successively earned national, ministerial, and the Beijing municipal awards totaling over 200 times.
48. Information and communication technologies have also been used to improve the efficiency, accessibility and quality of the learning process in developing countries.
Only 14 per cent lived in settled housing; the rest were in isolated slums with no services, and their risk of HIV infection was high.
Ninth session
Can you do without food andfor a week?
The current vacancy rate of 25 per cent was unacceptable, and the situation was exacerbated by mounting security concerns.
Slogan and framework for the provisional agenda for the Conference
This name cannot be changed after the Edge Transport server role is installed.
It continues its efforts to work with national coalitions to assist the homeless, set up food banks and provide housing for the homeless.
In 2008, there were more male underage beneficiaries, and more female adult beneficiaries.
Specify frequency:
The Division stated that, owing to the lack of a Professional post for undertaking population information technology activities, future development and updating of POPIN would be limited.
You must think me very rude; but all this is so new to me.
"Protected persons who are in occupied territory shall not be deprived, in any case or in any manner whatsoever, of the benefits of the present Convention by any change introduced, as the result of the occupation of a territory, into the institutions or government of the said territory, nor by any agreement concluded between the authorities of the occupied territories and the Occupying Power, nor by any annexation by the latter of the whole or part of the occupied territory".
Issues identified as a result of these engagements are discussed in section IV of this report.
Dick Sylla teaches financial history at New York University, and says youd have to go back almost 75 years to find a time of scandal and mistrust like this.Richard Syll Its the biggest wave of scandal wee seen in some decades.
Today, 30 November 2011.
Young children are naturally attached to their parents, but when they grow up, specially when they have made their own friends, and got married, what they need most is independence and freedom, and parents sometimes might become their burden.
They therefore extended an invitation to both sides to come to Geneva to begin negotiations on a cease-fire which would include the elements of the original Erdut/Zagreb agreement.
We must ask ourselves above all whether this approach serves the well-known concerns of the non-aligned countries with regard to nuclear disarmament in particular.
47. Ir Amim indicated that a small percentage of the residents of East Jerusalem are served by the welfare system, which is underfunded.
105. Following, the Director, East and Southern Africa Regional Office; the Director, West and Central Africa Regional Office; the Director, Arab States Regional Office; the Director, Asia and Pacific Regional Office; and the Director, Latin America and the Caribbean Regional Office introduced individual country programmes from their respective regions.
There is scope for linkages between the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) international bio-energy programme and UNDP supported regional projects.
UNICEF would operate on several guiding principles, similar to those used in any emergency.
The choice of enforcement or dispute settlement procedures differ between treaty and customary international law.
IUVENTA - Slovak Youth Institute - performs educational and cultural activities involving human rights aspects.
If that additional energy is not clean and cheap, new aquaculture technologies cannot serve our broader environmental and climate goals.
Sadly for the Maghreb, Algeria, carried away by its ideological enthusiasms of the time, had opted for conquest of regional hegemony instead of determinedly engaging in the work of building of a united and cohesive Maghreb.
However, chicken farms continued to close in the face of increased competition from chickens imported from mainland China.
But its supporters point out that CNN needed 10 years to bed down.
12. Mr. Selim (Egypt) said that, as the coordinator of the Group of African States in the Fourth Committee, his delegation had urged them all to adopt a common position when voting on draft resolutions pertaining to the question of Palestine.
from what has been discussed above, i firmly believe that time will prove that traditional technology and methods would die out with the development of modern science and technology. the maintenance of the traditionaltechnology and methods is futile.136.
Aware of the challenges for continental-law countries in implementing the asset recovery provisions of the Convention, the participants emphasized the need for appropriate legislation in order to prevent inconsistencies with national legal systems, including constitutional conflicts in some countries.
4. During the biennium 2004-2005, no losses of property were reported under financial rule 106.9.
-- I think it no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements.
Information furnished in conformity with the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space
Condemning in the strongest terms all acts of terrorism irrespective of their motivation, whenever and by whomsoever committed, as one of the most serious threats to peace and security, and reaffirming the primary responsibility of the Security Council for the maintenance of international peace and security under the Charter of the United Nations,
Individual States, therefore, will not be able to respond to the original pleading as such, since it may not concern them at all.
(f) Promote and adopt measures to ensure safe, hygienic working conditions for employees with disabilities in jobs in the public, private and protected sectors.
Information was provided on steps being taken so as to facilitate effective and timely communication among executive heads and among ACC subsidiary machinery.
Agenda item 6
In several respects, they did not represent customary law and were too broadly stated to constitute a desirable direction for lex ferenda.
When Liu learned that he had been awarded this year‘s Nobel Peace Prize, his first reaction was telling: “This prize is given to the victims of the Tiananmen Square massacre.”
Azeri courts correctly concluded that Ms. Pelit's acts qualified as serious crimes under paragraph 1 F (b) of the Refugee Convention.
This has been done not only through letters soliciting reports and additional information from capitals but also by providing briefings to the regional groups.
1. The breach of an international obligation by an act of an international organization not having a continuing character occurs at the moment when the act is performed, even if its effects continue.
We no longer have the so-called traffic light on the podium.
In other cases, there can be loss of records and documentation owing to combat conditions.
"3. If, following such consultations, the Prosecutor or Court reaffirms the request for the information or evidence and the State determines there are no means or conditions under which it could provide that information or evidence without serious prejudice to its national security interests, it shall so notify the Prosecutor or the Court of its determination and the specific reasons therefor, unless a specific description of the reasons would itself necessarily result in such a serious prejudice to the State's national security interests.
Pastoralism is an ecologically viable extensive production system that produces healthy meat, milk, fibres and hides, but is generally impeded by privatization of communal grazing lands, obstruction of livestock movement corridors, and loss of natural, social and economic infrastructure; reversing these trends would increase the rate of return from the livestock industry while decoupling it from environmental degradation.
The magnets aren't being cooled. We're 50 degrees above red line.
Franklin Avenue Shuttle
1 USG, 2 ASG, 3 D-2, 7 D-1, 31 P-5, 111 P-4, 108 P-3, 58 P-2, 205 FS, 291 NPO, 1,661 LL, 80 UNV
Interim report of the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief (A/62/280 and Corr.1)
Neither is it a very far-fetched inference that a man who inherits one article of such value is pretty well provided for in other respects.
The overall crime situation in 2006 remained stable, despite a slight increase of 4.8% in crime figures.
And if we change, can we alter our own destinies?
He/she would ensure the effective and efficient use of the Mission's resources while driving the Working Group to create and maintain momentum in reform of the rule of law; would serve as a key interface at the political level with the executive and legislative bodies of government, in order to build consensus on the reform agenda as well as to provide expertise on the development of the reform strategy; and would serve as an interlocutor for the international community, notably, the Core Group, in order to ensure the sustained engagement of the international community on the rule of law reform in Haiti.
No,I think you got the wrong guy.
You got a boss right?
Article 26. As used in the Law, a published work refers to a work which has been made known to the public by means stipulated in the Law.
Succeeded by the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in the Central African Republic (BINUCA).
The AWG-KP agreed to consider such revised documentation and any further relevant submissions made by Parties at its ninth session and requested the secretariat to make the revised documentation available at least three weeks before its ninth session.
Shabiha
Kaylee comes through, you and your sister get off at Whitefall.
Welcoming the organization by the Andean Community of Nations and the Government of France of a regional workshop on theft and illicit trafficking of cultural property, held in Lima from 14 to 16 May 2003,
The script then defines the callback functions.
The era of a divided world based on blocs and polarization, which severely strained international relations and precipitated crises for many decades, is now over.
These programmes should be made available in all the languages of the State party and in forms that are accessible to children; and
15 February 2013
The agreement itself operates during the third period and may give rise to the need for further negotiation.
Human rights awareness should be raised through information and educational programmes.
Such expressions in literary works are called as soliloquy.
It lacks all legitimacy, and its adverse consequences continue to affect the Cuban people, who, with great dignity, are growing much stronger in opposing an obsolete measure that has proved to be a resounding failure year after year.
Revised handbook on environmental accounting
Yeah, that was some pretty risky sit you did there.
He hoped that the legacy of his efforts would extend well beyond the lifespan of his mandate.
:: Increasing opportunity for Member States to serve on the Security Council, particularly for groups which have been traditionally underrepresented, such as small and medium States, and Africa
Training sessions were organized for students in Kenya, Lesotho and Zimbabwe.
In Gaza, these include the firing of rockets and mortars against Israeli civilian areas, killings and injuries in the course of hostilities and the enforcement of access-restricted areas and the blockade.
The Group pointed out that the criteria for assessing global partnerships should include criteria for whether the real needs of developing countries are being met and whether commitments made by international partners had been implemented.
Annex
We joined the consensus in the understanding that the issue involved -- improving the methods of work of the First Committee -- could facilitate the broader effort within the overall process of the General Assembly's revitalization, as is referred to in the third preambular paragraph of the current draft.
If categories XIII and XIV of supplementary pay are taken into consideration, the average nominal minimum wage is US$ 279.85.
A number of speakers stressed the role of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Alternative Development and welcomed efforts being made to put those principles into practice.
Such challenge requires a stronger sector wide approach in order to achieve full equality between men and women.
This compilation text, which included a set of elements, is contained in the report of IFF at its third session.
only do what I think is necessary. ;19.
I now say the time has come to move to the next level of protection and equalization of opportunity, to a United Nations convention on the rights of persons with disabilities.
14:53 What is English and why to learn itLife is a game we have to play; English is a language we have to learn to play this game.
The shoes: Patent-leather Oxfords are the classic, but a pair of well-polished regular Oxfords could do just as well.
(i) December 1992 to September 1994: Worked as a legal clerk at The Attorney General's Chambers, Ministry of Justice.
90.41. Abolish the criminal provisions on defamation (Canada); Abolish criminal provisions on defamation and insult (Australia);
A latent curing agent of epoxy resin was synthesized and characterized by elementary analysis and TG.
Peer support projects are carried out by the Association of Persons with Disabilities where mine survivors and others can share their experiences with each other.
'This latest rise in prices has been incredible,' Frank Wu, Mr. Lam's chief financial officer, said as workers hacked away at the furniture downstairs.
To call upon the Arab States to support the programme of monetary assistance, boys' and girls' social centres and centres for persons with disabilities belonging to the Ministry of Social Affairs of the State of Palestine;
Resources for other population-related activities
9. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006) (P.115).
* E/CN.3/2011/1.
Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice
As you said earlier, Sir, 2002 will be a busy year in the field of disarmament.
In 1997, for example, protesters directed their anger at Consort Kennels, which bred beagles for animal-testing laboratories.
Following its inauguration in July 2002, the Commission started its statutory three-month preparatory period, during which it was required to take all measures necessary for its effective operation.
Regional cooperation framework programme areas
Pursuant to paragraphs 11 and 12 (a) of Security Council resolution 1718 (2006), I have the honour to submit to the Committee the following information concerning the steps taken by Germany with a view to implementing effectively the provisions of paragraph 8 of said resolution (see annex).
61. Mr. Gianni Magazzeni from the Field Operations and Technical Cooperation Division (National Institutions Unit), and members of his staff, attended the ninth plenary session to discuss accreditation of the NHRIs which in many cases have been designated as national mechanisms for the prevention of torture.
The Assembly has also urged States to implement the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities (GPA) and accelerate activity to safeguard the marine ecosystem, including fish stocks, against pollution and physical degradation (see, e.g., resolution 62/177, para. 103).
Cosette took Marius' hand, and pressed it without replying.
Since joining the Organization in 1995, Azerbaijan has paid a total amount of $116,700 ($50,000 on 1 October 2001 and $66,700 on 5 July 2000).
It was as if a hand had opened and suddenly flung upon her a handful of rays of light.
They called on all parties to commit themselves to a Joint Military Commission sitting in permanent session and with representatives empowered to provide all appropriate assistance to implement the Lusaka Agreement.
Informal consultations on agenda item 114 (Human resources management (A/59/263, A/59/263/Add.1, A/59/263/Add.2, A/59/357, A/59/211, A/59/264, A/59/291, A/59/446, A/59/217, A/59/222, A/58/666, A/59/299, A/C.5/58/L.13, A/58/283, A/59/213, A/59/213/Add.1, A/C.5/59/4, A/59/388; A/59/253, A/59/152, A/58/704; A/56/956, A/56/956/Add.1, A/59/65 and A/59/65/Add.1))
A husband and wife can form a business partnership together.
E. Increased clarity of executive management roles and functions, as well as strengthened communication and coordination with substantive Department divisions and units, would also enhance the Department's performance
The debt-to-export ratio grew by over 60 per cent in 10 years and stood at 363 per cent in 1992, comparable to the peak experienced by Latin America and even Africa as a whole in the mid-1980s.
Universal social pensions are in line with human rights standards as they reduce opportunities for the unfair exclusion of potential beneficiaries.
Article 2.2 of the ADA "dumping margin" .
H.E. Mr. Miloš Koterec
The usual answer is: by sending money home to support their parents, put cousins through college, and so on.
The performance appraisal system had been implemented throughout the Secretariat and the report on human resources management (A/53/342) discussed the creation of a management review panel.
China challenges attempts by the Dalai Lama to meet with world leaders, accusing him of secretly promoting separatism.
Its easier to organize in large urban areas
With respect to the first element, the Panel adjusted the cost of the asset (purchase price plus normal freight costs) based on the depreciation of the asset over this period using the "reducing balance method" of depreciation having regard to the asset's residual value at the end of the period as well as its standard useful life.
On the other hand, it should decrease barriers facing SMEs' access to finance and e-finance at the local, regional and global levels.
48. Ms. de la Mata pointed out that specific policies were needed to ensure the inclusion of marginalized communities, in addition to broader declarations on access to health.
With PnCp. cmd control panel to help you quickly configure your package, easy to use.
2. All human errors are impatience, a premature breaking off of methodical procedure,an apparent encing-in of what is apparently at issue.
Deaths among children under five years of age have been reduced.
Large area of glazing providing maximum viewing of all the internal operations.
More effective and predictable responses to mass influx situations
Convair F-102 Delta Dagger
Subtotal C
While some suggested that ratification of the Mine Ban Convention could be the precondition to benefiting from humanitarian mine-action activities, the importance of compliance with the Landmine Protocol to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons was also emphasized.
218. The Committee urges the Government to implement awareness-raising campaigns to change stereotypical and discriminatory attitudes concerning the roles of women and girls.
86. In monitoring progress, it is important to focus attention on key indicators that can be compared.
But, last year, she put her music career on hold once again while competing on seasons four and five of Dancing With The Stars.
42. Employed persons are also entitled to full wage remuneration during leaves of absence in the following cases:
(b) Feasibility and other studies
During the process, the parties concerned should stress consensus, rather than making differences in ideas deeper and more acute.
The relations between the armed forces of China and Russia, under the guidance of the Sino-Russian Treaty of Good Neighborliness, Friendship and Cooperation, have been strengthened and developed continuously, and high-level contacts between the armed forces of the two sides have maintained their momentum.
Recalling its resolution 68/154 of 18 December 2013,
24 November 2000
However, he wondered whether the Special Rapporteur believed that ratification of the Optional Protocol, on the right of petition, could be speeded up.
93. IOM allocated a total of $5.8 million to projects directly or indirectly supporting NEPAD.
133. In paragraph 302, UNDP agreed with the Board's recommendation that it review the risks associated with the use of "project type" as a field to classify assets as management or development, with a view to exploring other classification options that address some of the current noted weaknesses.
24. There has been no change in the total number of Joint Integrated Units, which stand at 84.7 per cent of their mandated strength of 39,639 troops, with SAF comprising 52.4 per cent and SPLA 47.6 per cent.
The State of Palestine commended the efforts of Portugal to implement previous UPR recommendations.
The subprogramme currently focuses its resources on the following priorities: economic policymaking; regional coordination and monitoring of the Mauritius Strategy for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States; and strengthening the production of social statistics for the monitoring of the Millennium Development Goals.
We recognize the need to make special efforts to protect those groups in society that are particularly vulnerable to risks from hazardous chemicals or are highly exposed to them.
16. The General Assembly has repeatedly called upon the United Nations system to reach a common understanding on capacity-building and enhance its operationalization and sustainability,10 indicating that capacity-building should be explicitly articulated as a key goal of all its technical assistance.
EEC Trust Fund for support to coordination and monitoring of mine action programme in Albania for the fulfilment of the AP mine ban treaty obligations
After creating the directories as described in Listing 2, copy the files from the ZIP file into the analogous subdirectories on your system.
Workers in Asia also have the fewest vacation days, on average 12 per year, compared to a global 20 days.
'You did not act the character of a gipsy with me.
"Albanian National Women Report 1999" UNDP
Distr.: General
Currently, the prevalence rate is 5.9 per cent, having come down from 18 per cent in less than 10 years.
Officers of the Police nationale congolaise
By decision 2001/258, the Council approved the request of the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2001/24 to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to keep the General Assembly informed of further developments, as appropriate.
Mr. Shaukat Aziz
Every one ran out to look at them.
Achieved. A total of 103 United Nations personnel were trained
Article 16.The Public Security organization computer management and supervision organization should have information on the connecting network units, entry point unit, and users, establish a filing system for this information, maintain statistical information on these files and report to higher level units as appropriate.
Competition and Contracting: Learning from Past Experience (Chinese Executive Summary) (January 2008)
378. Girls remain a particularly vulnerable and disadvantaged group with regard to practical enjoyment of the right to education at all levels.
Reiterating that cooperation among all nations on the basis of respect for the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of each State, including the right of every people to choose freely its own socio-economic and political system, is essential for the promotion of peace and development,
234. To assist certain categories of permanent State employees who work in the most remote and isolated places in Benin, the Government has set up a project to build 646 housing units, on which work began in 1999.
The Committee had met all five objectives for 2003 outlined in its memorandum of understanding with UNICEF.
These cases, as well as the recent repression of a demonstration in Tbilisi on the nights of 25 and 26 May 2011, were direct evidence that the freedoms of assembly and opinion were being violated and that recommendations agreed by Georgia thereon during the session of the Working Group were not being implemented.
28 May 2008
Invitation For Bids: Multi-slice Spiral CT
However, it is manifestly perverse in Angola due to the effect of war and poverty.
The new energy economy, which was posing both opportunities and challenges, needed to be addressed.
The General Assembly,
THE ANNEX TO HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL RESOLUTION 5/1*
The above extractant scarcely extracted rare earth but existence of rare earth in aqueous solution contributed to extracting Fe and Pb.
Size 5 (300-499 workers)
With support from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the organization implemented the same project for Liberian refugees and their host communities in the southern and eastern regions of Sierra Leone, aimed at promoting peace, reconciliation and human rights.
The former corresponds to the transition between energy bands, and the latter to the excitation of the radial breathing mode.
There is a need for more focus on subsidy policies for the poor and for more flexibility in such housing programmes.
If preferential claims exist, the laws establishing them should be sufficiently clear and transparent so that a creditor is able to calculate the potential amount of the preferential claims in advance and to protect itself.
Reaffirming its resolution 1464 (2003) of 4 February 2003, the statement by its President of 20 December 2002 (S/PRST/2002/42), as well as its resolutions 1460 (2003) of 30 January 2003 and 1467 (2003) of 18 March 2003,
Argentine chess players
The site has excellent observing conditions (elevation of 2,500 m).
Moreover, membership in WTO could be conditioned upon acceptance of an international bill or rights, much as, for instance, membership in the Council of Europe is conditioned on acceptance of the European Convention on Human Rights.
The paragraph could be divided into two paragraphs, one focusing on international agreements (several more need to be added, including the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, A/AC.237/18(Part II)/Add.1 and Corr.1, annex I. the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, A/49/84/Add.2, annex, appendix II. and the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities,2 and one dealing with an evolution of the potential need for policy and institutional re-evaluation in the light of treaty obligations.
(b) The repatriation of refugees and displaced persons;
(b) Previous experience (lessons learned and results achieved in the relevant initiatives being undertaken during the inter-sessional period) should be drawn upon to advance the debate and facilitate decision-making in the regular sessions of the Commission;
To these general provisions is added a complete chapter on the contract of employment (articles 2085 to 2097), which defines this type of contract in greater detail and specifically outlines the appropriate procedures for its performance and termination.
67. There are considerable scientific challenges in detecting thresholds beyond which the changes to dryland systems would be irreversible.
Other
Racial hatred and acts of genocide were commonplace, as were xenophobic attitudes and racial, religious and gender discrimination.
The expulsion of former nationals who have been deprived of or otherwise lost their nationality has been addressed in the national laws of some States.
39. Individual countries bear the responsibility for collecting data on refugees, asylum seekers, and stateless persons, with UNHCR being the global disseminator of this information.
13. At the 211th meeting, the Permanent Representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations referred to his letters (A/AC.154/346, A/AC.154/347 and A/AC.154/348) concerning the tax demands made by the New York City authorities with respect to seven floors of Libya House.
Organizational matters for the high-level segment of the Conferencemeeting
101. The total planned audit coverage of nationally executed expenditures totalled $95.4 million ($75.7 million in 2002 and $75.6 million in 2001), which represented 94 per cent (78 per cent in 2002 and 71 per cent in 2001) of the total nationally executed expenditures for the year ended 31 December 2003.
Although the police took his two passports, he managed to renew the second one in 2006, with a bribe, when he reported he had lost it.
Recognizing the need to integrate a gender perspective in the design and implementation of all phases of disaster risk reduction management, with a view to reducing vulnerability,
The people of Burundi, at the same time incredulous witnesses and innocent victims of the extremism practised by both camps, find themselves trapped in a hellish cycle of violence.
He was seeking asylum in Denmark on the grounds that "two attempts" on his life had been made in the Russian Federation.
Germany
She asked for a raise and voiced her willingness to accept more responsibilities, but was quickly denied.
In paragraph 9 of decision BC-11/3, the Conference of the Parties invited the small intersessional working group to forward a draft outcome of its review of the documents referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of the decision to the Open-ended Working Group at its ninth meeting, and requested the Secretariat to transmit the outcome to the Stockholm Convention Secretariat by 31 October 2014 at the latest.
Their conviction had no basis in poll results.
Most Brandies are aged and contain about 50% alcohol by volume. Some are darkened with caramel .
(f) Request the Secretariat to explore the possibility of organizing briefings for non-governmental organizations on the Optional Protocol procedures;
It also developed education and training actions in relation to the recognition of victims, their special treatment, and the achievement of cooperation among agencies for the protection of victims more generally.
Housing policy has been adjusted in recent years to meet the growing need for dwellings designated especially for the elderly.
 14. Certain sectors were continuing to engage in not only economic activities but also military and other activities which could impede the accession of peoples to independence.
Later the same day a WFP national staff member was able to locate the international staff and convince the militia to transfer them to the same compound where another 16 international staff were held.
However, it is hard to get the government approval for villa reconstruction. The reason is the absence of redevelopment regulation guideline and interests regulation mechanism.
D : All right, would you please get undressed now? Let me examine you. Now, swallow, please.
So my parents, who were on a waiting list, got a call in the middle of the night asking, "We've got an unexpected baby boy; do you want him
It is crucial that Member States respond to security threats in a manner that safeguards the rights of civilians and is in accordance with principles of international humanitarian law and human rights law.
Thank you for what you have done.
Considering that problems of nationality arising from succession of States concern the international community,
Palestinian children are also among the thousands of civilians being illegally held in Israeli jails or detention centres under inhumane conditions and subject to physical and mental ill-treatment.
Let's concentrate on my smarts.
11. The Advisory Committee understands that the proposals currently before it are preliminary in nature and cover requirements for only the start-up phase of UN Women's operations.
In addition, a financial support system for sustainable forest management should support capacity-building for effective institutions, including law enforcement.
That solution is consistent with the idea of practical control that underlies, in part, the reference to the law of the location of the asset for tangibles (except that, instead of control over the property, that place has control over the person responsible for payment or performance of the assigned intangible).
Any attempt to inflict punitive measure on the iron ore miners would likely damage its steelmills, fall foul of international trade regulations or destroy any last vestige of hope for an annual deal.
A. The ex ante assessment of the impacts of trade agreements
An effective system of administration of justice was imperative to ensure due process for and just treatment of United Nations staff and increased accountability and transparency in decision-making.
I don't want to reveal the exact recipe but the dress took less tea and sugar than a family might consume at home in two weeks.
You think you could take your thumb out of my eye?
The fluorescent converter used for fast neutron radiography was developed by using the home-made wavelength-shifting fibers (WSF).
1 July 1998
Particular emphasis will be placed in this connection on the agro-processing sector in the developing countries, and especially on the leather, textile, wood and food industries.
Furthermore, they asked if the present capacity of the DOS Internal Audit Branch was sufficient to both monitor implementation of the 15 recommendations and undertake a sufficient number of country assessments.
The variety genetic contribution of the same age decreases with the time.
The Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples held its fifth session from 9 to 13 July 2012.
At its 6th meeting, on 17 - 18 December, the President drew attention to the report of the Bureau on credentials, which indicated that the Bureau had approved the credentials of representatives of Parties.
Access to prevention measures remains out of reach or limited for many.
Coordination, monitoring and accountability: maximizing the response: Commit to revise by the end of 2012 the recommended framework of core indicators that reflect the commitments made in the 2011 Political Declaration on HIV and AIDS and to develop additional measures, where necessary, to strengthen national, regional and global coordination and monitoring mechanisms of HIV and AIDS responses through inclusive and transparent processes with the full involvement of Member States and other relevant stakeholders, with the support of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (para. 103);
Indonesia mentioned transactions with assets reasonably suspected of constituting the proceeds of crime.
 55. Mr. MWAUNGULU (Malawi) said that, as a sponsor of the proposal, his delegation fully supported the proposal to include item 155 in the agenda.
Together you can find ways to accommodate both your needs.
Furthermore, the subprogramme would seek to supplement the efforts of member States to meet the challenges related to energy security and sustainable development through analysis and promotion of strengthened cooperation on energy matters at the subregional and regional levels.
Now some guys do bad things When they get those thoughts in their heads.
Commitment to transparency and accountability
4. The President of the Spanish National Authority for Markets and Competition said that the agency had been set up in 2013 to promote effective competition, the enforcement of competition law and better regulation so as to ensure well-functioning markets.
It’s been around 10 years for Volvo S60 in the market and although we liked the car at first when it debuted with its sweeping roof line and muscular fenders.
UNOPS was established as an independent entity on 1 January 1995 and is based in Copenhagen.
II. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY IN A "NORTH-SOUTH" CONTEXT: THE UNITED NATIONS CONFERENCE ON SCIENCE AND
 Of course, it is essential that troop-contributing countries be fully consulted and be kept fully informed, at both the political and the operational levels.
In an effort to ensure a greater comparability of data between bilateral and multilateral activities, the latter being reported by agencies at the level of disbursements, the Secretariat considered converting the commitment data to disbursement data using a correction factor.
Man,it sucks you may miss out If Hooper follows through and cancels the prom.
My eyes have been checked,the report says my visin is good.
Next, I would milk the cows, then release the calves to their mothers. . . and take them out to graze.
The United Nations itself has been attacked, as we saw recently in the context of peacekeeping operations in Mali and the Golan Heights, events that have implications for force protection.
The bill temporarily increases the Treasury Department's potential line of the credit to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from $2.25 billion to an unlimited amount.
Resale and cancellation costs
Nevertheless, given the stature of the Court, it is a very important advisory opinion.
12. Mr. Suárez Salvia (Argentina) introduced draft resolutions A/C.2/66/L.2 on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
a Adjustment after issuance of year-end financial statement to correctly identify allocation in 2009.
Why, I pay five dollars a week for board now, an' there's nothin' excitin' about it, you can lay to that. He must have lived like a dog.
Physical Features: Tableland and alpine valleys make up the main landform of the prefecture.
Between 1240 hours and 1400 hours, two enemy Israeli warplanes violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Kafr Kila. They circled over all Lebanese regions, and departed over the sea off al-Naqurah.
But, even in that scenario, banks with the strongest loss buffers could outperform.
Mr Chen triggered warnings from China and the US in late 2003, and again in early 2004, when he first proposed a new constitution and pushed for Taiwan’s first island-wide referendum.
Qin Luo declines to remark and suddenly talk of other.
I do not discount the depth of the difficulty that you face in settling long-standing differences, especially over nuclear disarmament and negative security assurances.
Vanuatu
The second draft of the first volume of the framework was produced in mid-August, and the second draft of the second volume is anticipated in September.
We must ensure that the measures taken to curb irregular migration do not prevent refugees from gaining the international protection that they are entitled to.
This Act provides for protection, occupation, and tenancy orders.
It was also noted that risk management solutions may also vary according to culture and regional circumstances.
It a commonly  accepted  rule - those who move more slowly should leave a path for a hurry.
Her Government would continue to work with the international community to ensure that human rights were a reality for all children.
The President of this Fund is a public administration authority subordinate to the Minister of Agriculture and Food Economy.
The non-organization of elections also had an adverse effect on the printing of posters and leaflets as well as the distribution of promotional items
Henceforth, I will know that only those with inferior ability can always be at their best, and I am not inferior.
2. Indian Association of Parliamentarians on Population and Development
As of today, you are officially off duty .
The Committee noted the concern raised by the Board of Auditors in its report on the implementation of its recommendations relating to the biennium 2006-2007 as at 31 March 2009 (A/64/98).
Furthermore, in particular in infrastructure sectors, there may be secondary effects on other markets. (For example, lack of competition and efficiency in telecommunications has negative repercussions on increases in cost for the economy at large.)
Taken together with its aggressive pursuit of delivery systems capability, Iran should be regarded as a threat well beyond the geographical limits of the Middle East.
Chairman: Le Luong Minh (Viet Nam)
I am now really afraid, do not know do?
(g) Generally perform all other work that the Conference may require.
These are all brass ones!
Article 49 In the marketing of coal, coal trading enterprises shall abide by the relevant laws and regulations, improve services and ensure supply.
E/C.12/TUR/1
BARBADOS
Cameroon
(d) Broader and deeper understanding of major effects of public administration and public finance on civil society;
In its resolution 2003/61, the Council decided that the organization of work of the Commission should contribute to advancing the implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development (Johannesburg Plan of Implementation) at all levels.
The African Union welcomes the Sudan Government acceptance of the African Union/United Nations/League of Arab States joint proposal on humanitarian assistance
The report included a comprehensive summary of many of the very encouraging contributions of Member States and other stakeholders to the achievement of sustainable energy for all, as well as Member States' input on their priorities and suggestions for the Decade.
From 1995 to 2003, the NCCA approved the creation of 30 SLTs, 13 of which have already been completed; with eight currently ongoing and nine for implementation in 2004.
Recalling the Algiers Declaration adopted by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity at its thirty-fifth ordinary session, held at Algiers from 12 to 14 July 1999,
The delegate stated that the use of teleconferencing, and reductions in the printing of documents, among other measures, could help to save resources.
The latest attacks occurred Thursday at the nation's main weapons complex, not far from Islamabad.
Comprehensive NuclearTestBan Treaty. New York, 10 September 1996
Growing up, I was very poor and I remember how I always felt so blessed that God gave us music...that it was this beautiful gift that was completely free.
184. According to another view, it would be opportune to reaffirm the principles on the non-use of force and its related concepts contained in the Charter, as indicated in operative paragraphs 1 and 2 of the proposal.
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
Nursing school
Casted body to against strong wallop.
 1. The item entitled "United Nations Decade of International Law" was included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-first session of the General Assembly pursuant to Assembly resolution 50/44 of 11 December 1995.
The recognition by the international community of its responsibilities in this area was rightly considered by many as a turning point in improving the protection of human rights defenders.
Asian-Pacific Resource & Research Centre for Women 2013b.
When night fell, pro- testers used laser beams to paint giant Chinese characters for "incompetent" on the side of the presidential palace.
Information on plenary elections and candidatures
Are natural or legal persons other than financial institutions (e.g. attorneys, notaries) required to report suspicious transactions that might be linked to terrorist activities to the public authorities?
This may have resulted in weak points in case assessments, as to when these fire-fighting foams are used in real situations.
The programme’s particular focus was on Latin America and the Mediterranean area.
A quick look at some of the Treaty's key provisions shows that, with the advent of commercial space activities, this document has become even more applicable today than when it was first drafted.
The Panel therefore recommends no award of compensation for unproductive labour.
Clear, unambiguous and binding commitments to a phased programme for the complete elimination of nuclear weapons by all nuclear—weapon—capable countries are the only guarantee against nuclear proliferation.
The number of law firms jumped from 79 in 1979 to 8,600 at the end of 1998, with the number of lawyers soaring from a mere 212 to more than 100,000.
118.18. Review the bill and relevant legislative framework to ensure civilian courts hear cases related to violations of human rights (Australia);
Research and Application of the Catalyst Assemblies for NOx Selective Catalytic Reduction by Ethanol
760/1997 - Rehoboth (A/55/40); no follow-up reply received.
Although, in some instances, reference had been made in this context only to Heads of State, Heads of Government and ministers for foreign affairs, it was widely recognized that all State officials enjoy immunity ratione materiae.
What kind of starting  pay do you have in mind?
Adoption of the report METHODS OF WORK
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 5
Lebanon 16 — 21 4
In light of this draft decision, the Executive Secretary has prepared the revised programme of work for the coming biennium contained in document FCCC/CP/1999/INF.1.
(a) Establish a factual picture of the natural resource base of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and documentary evidence to back the allegations of the exploitation of natural resources rather than accusations built purely on rumour and anecdotal literature;
I first want to give members an outline of the schedule of meetings for next week, which is a particularly busy one, and then I want to, after that, give the Conference an update on my consultations to date.
56. Militias who were on the fringe of various peace processes scrambled to increase the number of soldiers in their ranks.
The development of a network of specialist rape prosecutors throughout the country.
Malaysia reported that it would either become a party or apply it provisionally.
In-depth discussions on technical and scientific matters
The moon wanes to make him a cradle.
Information on the monitoring and the recovery of the carbon stocks following the natural disturbance event;
78. Upon review of the functional responsibilities related to the expansion of Mission, it is proposed that the level of the Chief Administrative Services' post be upgraded from P-5 to D-1.
Approximation theory
Those included repairs to the main road connecting Pristina to the border with the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia at Blace, and the Pristina-Pec, Pristina-Gnjilane, Pristina-Mitrovica and Mitrovica-Pec roads.
Unsurprisingly, this doesn't do much for your motivation; you end up feeling vaguely dissatisfied with what you've done.
They have to cope with floods of expert reports, second opinions and technical data and the problems of establishing a clear and immediate link between the offence and their injury.
(ii) Modifications to the Secretary-General’s residence and on the thirty-eighth floor of the Secretariat Building to improve the security conditions ($149,000);
Ms Jiang said the incident had "no direct relation" to the situation on the peninsula.
Is it convenient for spectators to go there?
Charles was met by an enthusiastic crowd flying red banners which carried him shoulder high.
14. The situation in the occupied Arab territories.
 65. Peace-keeping involved the important question of safety and security for United Nations and associated personnel.
Eritrea remains open to engaging with all concerned partners and parties to achieve a secure and stable Somalia through an inclusive Somali-owned peace process.
IV. THE ROLE OF HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE REVIEW OF MEMBER STATE REPORTS TO THE COUNTER-TERRORISM COMMITTEE (CTC) OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL, AND COOPERATION
9. Encourages the Global Environment Facility to continue supporting the implementation of the three objectives of the Convention, especially its work on assisting the early entry into force of the Nagoya Protocol on Access to Genetic Resources and the Fair and Equitable Sharing of Benefits Arising from Their Utilization;
Vehicles 34 x VIKING BVS-10 HAVE BEEN IMPORTED FROM SWEDEN.
2,400 helicopter hours for air tactical support to provide highly mobile rapid protection in high-risk areas or where ground accessibility is limited and to support other civilian and military transport helicopters and ground convoys and for patrolling, reconnaissance and provision of close air support (5 tactical helicopters, 40 hours/helicopter/month for 12 months)
You must specify a key in order for your file to be signed.
It welcomed the fact that Namibia had only rejected a limited number of recommendations. It was appreciative that Namibia had accepted two of its recommendations, and pointed out that it had also recommended accession to the International Convention on the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Their Families.
This was not compliant with sections 1.2 and 3.6 of administrative instruction ST/AI/2003/5.
66. We recognize that transportation and mobility are central to the sustainable development of small island developing States.
41. The National Consultative Commission on Human Rights has issued an opinion in which it opposed the authorization of statistics based on "ethnicity", but it was in favour of "quantitative tools being put into place to improve the implementation of the right to non-discrimination".
Amicale des Marocains de Monaco: Its purpose is "to establish, facilitate and deepen human, cultural, administrative and sporting relations among Moroccans residing in the Principality of Monaco and with the Monegasque population";
Marine Parks Mobile Exhibition
VRML has been standardized by ISO and IEC, and its newest edition is VRML  2.0  ( 1997 ) .
United Nations Office for West Africa
India and China are simply doing what the US and European countries have done for so long: trump rhetoric about democracy and human rights with policies that serve their strategic and energy security interests.
Nike Inc., which sponsors individual players as well as the Chinese Olympic team, has been quick to catch on.
74. In 2003, in its first annual World Trade Report, the World Trade Organization (WTO) dealt prominently with the swift growth of South-South commerce between 1990 and 2001, concentrated mostly among a few countries in Asia.
As a member of the UN family and a permanent member of the Security Council, the Chinese government understands very well its responsibility towards the Organization and towards peace and security of the world.My government stands ready to make an even greater contribution to the United Nations on the basis of capacity to pay, as our domestic economy continues to grow.
he became famous, people stopped him in the street and asked for his autograph.. Feeding from visitors is forbidden..
86 induction and train-the-trainer sessions for military contingent personnel were conducted, and 8,898 military personnel were trained on measures to prevent sexual exploitation and abuse
But I'm going to check up on him to see whether he's actually kosher or just lying about himself.
The Israeli army has confirmed that it prohibited Palestinian juvenile detainees at Ofer Camp from meeting their families and from continuing their studies.5
In some regards, experiences suggest that some developing countries have been more successful in establishing public/private sector partnerships (PPPs) than many developed countries.
As regards other instruments, in the early years, the Commission transferred them to the General Assembly with an invitation to recommend their use and take other appropriate actions for their promotion.
But I also tell women that it is even all right if your job does sometimes come second to your personal priorities.
D. Public health
B. Enforced disappearance as a crime against humanity
Returns time elapsed since last frame function call.
In my point of view, the dearth of wildlife today forecasts an unpromising future for humans tomorrow.
If I'm dark skinned, then you're Superman.
2. Recognizes the commitment of the Governments of Africa to the long-term sustainable socio-economic development and growth of the region through the successful implementation of the policies and priorities of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s;
The UNV White Helmets Initiative involves both national and international volunteers working in teams to maximize transfer of knowledge in sports development, urban planning and geographic information systems.
Equal rights of men and women
State property is sacred and inviolable, and no organization or individual shall be allowed to seize, encroach upon, privately divide, retain or destroy it.
Your mind will keep up with your reading speed if you ask it to.
Throughout this period, her research and writing has focused on the physiologic properties of rodent circadian clocks and the significance of internal timing in the ecology of wild rodents.
 The relations between the countries of the subregion - Ethiopia, the Sudan and Egypt among them - are well known.
Some diseases are not at all dangerous if treated in time.
The training workshops focused on the use and application of alternatives to imprisonment, in particular by stressing the value of community corrections and emphasizing parole and probation options.
Made up from the cream of France's nobility, these elite warriors are deadly in the charge, and unmatched in fighting spirit.
Detailed proposals on the use of this amount in 2002-2003 are submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session in the annex.
Israeli attacks also caused substantial direct damage to Gaza's 17,000 hectares of cropland as well as much of its agricultural infrastructure.
Mandate: GA res. 59/120, para. 6
Accordingly, an attempt had been made to establish a demarcation between what was covered by the draft convention, on the one hand, and what was safeguarded and not prejudiced, on the other.
We should not only be bold, but also be cautious.
Mr. Reardon said rates for very large crude carriers recently plunged to as low as $10,000 a day from a July high of about $200,000 on certain routes.
Net cash flows from investing activities
(e) Responding to quality imperatives
(3) should not issue his personal views to the superior courts about the second instance cases.
If I can't keep that promise I have no right to be here.
21. The Innocenti Social Monitor, the annual report of the UNICEF Regional Monitoring Project in Central and Eastern Europe (MONEE), was developed through analysis and discussions with the Bratislava Office of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the World Bank, as well as a network of experts on the region.
We now must decide if we really want to encode current social arrangements into the decision-making structures of the future.
3.4 Critical accounting estimates
Water Science and Technology
2. Any request made in accordance with paragraph 1 of the present rule shall include a statement indicating that such a request does not imply that any decision has been reached on the question of admissibility of the communication.
The Department plays a leading role in the coordination of social media initiatives by creating and making available system-wide content and organizing informational events on social media topics and themes. (c) Improved understanding at the local level of work carried out by the
B. Meeting with the Government of the Sudan, Khartoum, 22 May 2011
Buyers for stolen programs may range from a firms competitors to foreign nations.
If you're going to survive this party, come up with one too.
Accordingly, in addition to the activities under subprogramme 2.2, the Office will also carry out activities related to information flows between the field and Headquarters; maintain around-the-clock communications with the field and collate and disseminate timely and relevant information, including maintaining statistics on peacekeeping operations; and provide visual briefing and crisis management facilities as reflected under subprogramme 2.1, Executive direction and policy.
Five paces from him the dry soil was thrown up, as a cannon ball sank into the earth.
That issue was gaining worldwide recognition, as demonstrated by the fact that 5 November 2007 had been declared the Global Day of Action to Ban Cluster Bombs in at least 40 countries, under the auspices of the Cluster Munition Coalition.
(iii) pay an annual amount of not less than $15 million to the Government;
Also, in keeping with the spirit of the Millennium Declaration, her delegation encouraged the Security Council to hold periodic consultations with affected States in order to find an acceptable solution to their problems.
In this context, and in order to reach the goals set by the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) by 2015, the Agency's technical assistance programme should be strengthened with a view to expanding the scope of its activities aimed at supporting developing countries, and particularly least developed ones.
Schistosomiasis, or bilharzia, is a parasitic disease caused by trematode flatworms of the genus Schistosoma.
Poor judgement concerning weather conditions seems to be at the bottom of this tragedy.
His policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute.
More entities now use the Internet as a training platform to conduct web-based courses on gender mainstreaming.
the Initiative's implications on the allocation by UNICEF of financial and human resources at global and country level;
Component 4: Support component
They had proved their worth in situations of financial crisis.
Before adjourning the meeting, I give the floor to the representative of Guatemala.
We're dealing with she.
HPCE is a good way to analyze the monosaccharide components of polysaccharides.
U. S. lawmakers are continuing talks on a massive rescue plan for America's struggle financial services industry. U. S.
Twenty full-time professionals employed in country support teams now assist programme countries in integrating gender concerns, teaming up with 150 advisers around the world.
Between 1963 and 2003, nine inquiries among Governments were conducted.
Notes
Trigger Happy Havoc
67. There was a need for coordination between competition authorities and different stakeholders such as government bodies or private companies.
Beijing, 16 - 20 October 2006
Every day you're going to wake up and not be feeling great. You might have a cold, but we travel around every single week so it's normal.
All international personnel assigned to UNAVEM II are provided with accommodations; the related Mission allowance, in effect since 1 February 1992, of $84 per person per day has been applied.
At 3.2 per cent, Africa's growth rate was the third in the world after the United States of America at 5 per cent, and the European zone at 3.4 per cent.
Beverage can recycling saves up to 95 percent of the energy which is required to produce virgin material.
It was in this context that the Special Rapporteur focused his sixth mission to the country, in December 2011, on a human rights assessment of State institutions relevant to the electoral process in Cambodia, including the laws, policies and practices applicable to elections in the context of the country's international human rights obligations to ensure free and fair periodic elections.
:: Article 48: Strengthen cooperation and exchange of information through agreements on cooperation in law enforcement; formalize processes for exchange of information and inter-institutional cooperation; promote the use of the Convention as the legal basis for cooperation.
In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
205. Both women and men have equal rights with respect to the dissolution of their marriage.
However, as in the case of technical assistance projects designed in the area of criminal justice reform, extrabudgetary funding would be required to support such projects.
Anwar
Article 23. Granting of the right of option by the successor States
(a) Ensure that divisions and offices submit travel requests in accordance with the duty travel policy and justify all late travel requests with written explanations;
61. A free, open and professional media based on diversity of ownership and control is a crucial factor in effective participatory governance.
Design, production and dissemination to all peacekeeping missions of 1 new ethics poster
The incident was investigated by the Joint Incident Assessment Team at ISAF, which concluded that the operation had been directed at two pick-up trucks believed to be carrying explosives and found that the actions of the crew had been in accordance with the applicable rules of engagement.
22. It is useful to note that the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has the "unilateral support" of the State of Colombia.
Salim Khalifah Al-Janku
We wish them all the best as they try to deal with this great tragedy.
Go competitions in China
I. Introduction
This situation was exacerbated by the effects of the global economic crisis and rising food prices, with families cutting back on amounts and types of food consumed, removing children from secondary school and experiencing increased protection and domestic violence issues.
59. This structural change was recommended by the external review and it is agreed that this would eliminate any duplication of general and administrative activities and drive consistency in the audit approach and methodology.
I personally am willing to pay a premium for any food items I consume on a daily basis in Beijing, but the price was a little outrageous.
6. Within six months from the date of entry into force of the present Agreement, the Contracting Parties shall conclude an agreement on compensation for all destroyed, damaged or lost property.
September 1 st is our Factory Day.
6.1 Regional programme to combat transboundary epidemics among livestock
Nine stations were set on fire.
It pains me extremely to have to leave you.
I consider it a great honor to be invited to join the committee .
"24. Reiterates the important role of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development as the focal point within the United Nations system for the integrated treatment of trade and development and interrelated issues in the areas of finance, technology, investment and sustainable development, invites the Conference to continue working to enhance its contribution in its three major pillars, namely, consensus-building, research and policy analysis and technical assistance, and calls upon the international community to work towards the strengthening of the Conference;
Policies and measures of Parties included in Annex I to the Convention reported in third national communications
1. Reporting status
We also insist on the importance of the role of the United Nations to that end.
In the Syrian Arab Republic, the Agency continues to be required to submit its customs declaration forms with commercial invoices for endorsement by the Boycott Office.
In a globalized world, each nation has capabilities, resources, experiences and knowledge that can be used in partnership with all nations and the international community for their mutual benefit.
Parinaquta
We hope that the parties will continue to work on the basis of the report adopted by the UN Group of Governmental Experts on identifying and tracing of illicit SALW, with a view to achieving positive results.
Distribution of information through available electronic channels has assumed a more central role in the Organization, but it must be recognized that there are a number of issues that remain unresolved, one of which is the provision of information in additional languages.
He continued, "We put questions to the American side on the date of the conference, the participants, its substance and what would come out of it.
SCCPs have been measured in Arctic biota at concentrations similar to other known POPs.
Only at the start of the last century, in one of the greatest historic injustices, Kosova was separated from the Albanian territory and given in tribute to Serbia -- for the sole reason that it was part of an empire that lost the war.
Reductions in anthropogenic emissions during the specified period, in accordance with paragraph of the annex above;
Challenges
I'll repeat our conversation, word for word, Isabella; and you point out any charm it could have had for you.
Red Rose of Lancaster
(ii) Increased percentage of recommendations that have been implemented by the reviewed countries as reported to the Committee on Environmental Policy
IV. Investments Committee
(b) The author alleged a violation of the right to an effective remedy and a legal defence.
The satellite network included three of the offices away from Headquarters (the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) and the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA)) that still depend on satellite links as their primary means of communicating with United Nations Headquarters.
A. General
Inculcate a year for you, I will bear in mind that your words and deeds will affect my life, I will always remember you.
This matter is closely related to the reporting process through the PRAIS, where Parties were requested to report on IFS and IIF implementation as well as indicating financial flows through the financial annex and the project and programme sheets.
"Reputation from faith, quality from professional".
Apply the tools to make your work more efficiently.
(iii) Provision of substantive and procedural advice to the Economic and Social Council, including functional and regional commissions, on the Charter of the United Nations, resolutions, rules of procedure, elections and non-governmental organizations (30 instances);
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/57/532/Add.7)]
Hungary
It was therefore very important to try to raise the level of participants – which could be uneven – and endeavour to offer adequate financing.
The Board has refused to grant your request.
The distinction in with light and pigment is importance to color theory.
Pfalzweyer
Ask for help, don't abdicate responsibility or tough it out yourself: I learned this lesson very early on in my project management career.
In this unpredictable context, children are particularly vulnerable as they might be left behind, or suffer grave violations such as abduction and recruitment, killing and maiming, and sexual violence.
Child protection services were extended to a total of 89,476 children affected by conflict during the reporting period, of whom 47 per cent are girls.
We can draw the plane by comparing other factory.
In addition to the 73 schools rehabilitated in 2001-2002, UNHCR is in the process of assisting in the rehabilitation of 10 more school buildings in Abkhazia, Georgia, including 6 in the Gali district.
Paragraph 6 of the guidelines (working conditions for teaching staff, etc.)
However, it had to be admitted that the status of women had changed little, especially in Africa.
The Member States had been surprised when the Secretary-General, almost three months after the adoption of the resolution in question, had written to the President of the General Assembly to inform him that failure to proceed with elements of the associated costs would delay the core capital master plan project.
If certain animal psychologists are right, a dog adopts his family in a most literal way - taking it for granted that the family is the band of dogs he belongs to
1. At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 13 September 2006, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its sixty-first session the item entitled "Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories" and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
 21. Income from staff assessment.
Review of nominations for critical-use exemptions for methyl bromide and related matters;
Oh, pipe down, you big baboon. This doesn't hurt.
Sri Lanka
The Purpose of travel is always the controlling criterion for determining a proper visa classification.
A review of study progress on HI stopping power from experimental and theoretical research is given.
21. Lastly, his delegation once again rejected the activities to explore for non-renewable natural resources on the Argentine continental shelf carried out by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in flagrant violation of United Nations General Assembly resolution 31/49, and expressed the hope that the Argentine and United Kingdom Governments would continue to strengthen their political, economic and cultural relations with a view to satisfactorily resolving the sovereignty dispute over the Malvinas Islands, South Georgia Islands and South Sandwich Islands.
36. Since the first session of this Commission, the secretariat has finalized investment guides for Benin, Comoros, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Morocco, and the Silk Road, bringing the total number of completed guides to 17.
In that regard, a panellist observed that access agreements needed to be understandable by, and respect the jurisdiction and sovereignty of, the coastal States concerned.
Detailed information and justification of the reasons for the proposed donation of assets to the host Government is provided below:
17. Urges States parties to notify the Secretary-General of their acceptance of the amendments to articles 17 and 18 of the Convention as soon as possible;
There are none in this land that know me.
22. Commission on Population and Development, thirty-second session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 150 (VII), 87 (LVIII) and 1986/7]
III. Comments of the Independent Audit Advisory Committee
Microfinance can thus serve as a broader development platform and advance progress towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
Figure 2
A sense of novelty in givingto that singular figure had been sufficient to draw her forth.
3. Commends the efforts by the Mediterranean countries in meeting common challenges through coordinated overall responses, based on a spirit of multilateral partnership, towards the general objective of turning the Mediterranean basin into an area of dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, guaranteeing peace, stability and prosperity, and encourages them to strengthen such efforts through, inter alia, a lasting multilateral and action-oriented cooperative dialogue among States of the region;
Now gently, boys. Gently, gently!
It takes seriously its obligation under the Charter of the United Nations to develop self-government in Tokelau, with a view to the exercise of self-determination.
Trading on the momentum of price movements may then become a rational activity that becomes self-fulfilling, as investors decide to “ride the bubble” while it lasts.
" The elder brother thought for a moment and then explained, "Obviously he was painting the pictures." powered b
The priest talked about eternal life as reward for living a good life
General issues
(closed)
:: Computer data interception: Anyone who, without a prior court order, intercepts computer data at its point of origin, destination or within a computer system, or the electromagnetic emissions from a computer system that transmits them, shall be liable to a term of imprisonment of between thirty-six (36) and seventy-two (72) months.
The equity investment manager, Nicholas Applegate Capital Management in San Diego, was terminated in December 2001, and the portfolio managed by it was transferred equally to Gulf International Bank and Lombard Odier for management.
Multilateral trade rules have an important role in influencing food security.
This event handler is called at the very beginning so that the initial screen contents can be set to be viewed.
There are still 634,000 internally displaced persons in the camps.
The employer is responsible for ensuring that the enterprise complies with the provisions of the Act.
The farmers know it is time to reap their crops when the cuckoo sings.
In addition an amount of $56,500 would be required under section 32 (Staff assessment), to be offset by the same amount under income section 1 (Income from staff assessment). These requirements will be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001.
 44. A total of 23 organizations of the United Nations system had responded, as of 1 August 1994, to the letters of the Secretary-General.
1300s establishments
UNEP also piloted for the first time national environmental summaries in more than 27 countries, which enabled it to more effectively mainstream environmental issues within the United Nations system at the country level.
(b) Draft resolution (A/54/L.60)
As a result, since 2007, the number of immigrants arriving each year has fallen by half, while the number of emigrants has tripled.
Sixty-first session
2004 Chinese FA Cup
There is insufficient evidence to suggest that TBTO is a possible human carcinogen (IPCS, 1990). Effects on reproduction
Evidence can be generated by macro-level organizational change theory or systems analysis, which is based on a thorough and systematic data review and by operations research.
Parents in deprived areas received sensitization on the constraints that impede girls' education and the need to give girls secondary and higher education.
Raise the vehicle on a side mounted hoist.
In his remarks, President Kenyatta welcomed the representatives to Kenya and expressed his pleasure at taking part in the first session of the Environment Assembly, which he said was a historic manifestation of global leaders' resolve to address the environmental challenges facing the world.
UNFPA has integrated HIV/AIDS-prevention components in its ongoing reproductive health and family planning programmes in 103 countries.
Medical services
3. Thematic discussion:
Any discussion of the topics concerned must be realistic.
It was further proposed that a seminar or workshop on climate change and human rights be held as a side event at COP18 in December 2012.
In another autumn dusk, I had to watch the menlancholy afterglow alone. A fatal accident took your yong, vigorous life away.
It was the primary responsibility of States, individually and through international cooperation, to meet the vital food needs of their people.
The porter won't let me in. I've been calling for goodness knows how long.
A second major thrust of the FAO project has been to assess the impact, if any, which global reduction in demand for tobacco might, over time, have on farmers and the economies of selected tobacco-producing countries.
The Committee also encourages the State party to provide the Commission with adequate human and financial resources in order to fully carry out its mandate.
Summary
Under section 62, paragraph 1 of the Act, the application must state precisely which provisions should be repealed.
Their views on the issue are duly reflected in the plenary records.
The conditionalities are difficult and complex, but, when we look to the future, education and increased investments are the key elements.
Two minutes, then we keep moving.
The bride usually wears a beautiful, long white wedding dress.
In others the care of small children is considered a private matter.
Human exposure/Risk evaluation
Also in May 2004, 3 experts were dispatched to Cambodia-Japan Port Facility Security Seminar held in Cambodia.
Mercedes - Benz vehicle license plates are not flying, and the driver was not on the scene.
Trade unions are registered on submission to the Ministry of Labour of their application containing the following: (a) its name, address, assets and the background to its founding; (b) a list of members; (c) the names and nationality of the members of its governing organ; and (d) its statutes.
No, that's not a star. That's a shooting star.
:: 2003-2004: Coordinator, international relations bachelor's degree programme, University Centre of Brasilia
Don't you walk away from me, sir! You have a duty, sir, to Genovia.
26. The second part of the draft articles was intended to provide guidelines for States which were in the process of negotiating treaties or in enacting domestic legislation relating to succession of States.
The male Rich2Gers enjoy at least one consolation: A majority of women prefer to marry a wealthy heir.
Subtotal
Some Parties clearly identified "new topics" to be considered by the subsidiary bodies, and/or proposed inputs to the ongoing work of the SBSTA or the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI); others explored topics without indicating how they should be taken up by the subsidiary bodies.
Most of the criminal proceedings in connection with trafficking in persons are initiated upon the complaint of victims.
The High Commissioner recommended that the Government take all necessary measures to execute arrest warrants issued by the International Criminal Court (ICC) and combat impunity domestically, inter alia through the adoption of legislation implementing the Rome Statute, and that alleged perpetrators of war crimes and crimes against humanity regardless of hierarchical rank be prosecuted.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
You get too friendly with him, and the first thing he'll do is ask to borrow money from you.
Others raised questions about the source of the notions of disadvantaged and marginalized in previous intergovernmental agreements.
Access to quality education also reduces gender inequalities, demonstrating synergies between the HIV response and other development sectors.
(h) Report of the Secretary-General on strengthening the capacity of the United Nations to manage and sustain peace operations: budget for the support account for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008 (A/61/858/Add.1);
The Ministry of Social Affairs is responsible for social policies that focus on issues related to women and children and for providing those groups with care and protection.
SUB CONTRACT COMPONENT
The police continue to deny knowledge of any pattern of abuse and claim a lack of resources and capacity to deal with cases of sexual violence.
There was a need for Member States to work together to address the impact of the cuts.
The issues included:
School lunch box for school
 104. The staff assessment requirements provided for under expenditure item 19 have been credited to this item as income from staff assessment and are credited to the Tax Equalization Fund established by the General Assembly in resolution 973 A (X) of 15 December 1955.
In addition, there were a number of Governments whose response arrived in 1995 but too late to be incorporated in document E/1995/69: Iraq, Lebanon, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic and Tunisia.
Similarly the provision is not concerned with using the services of a prostitute as such, which is only dealt with under article 19 only if the prostitute is exploited in connection with trafficking of human beings.
Where the applicant for patent is not satisfied with the decision of the Patent Reexamination Board, it or he may, within three months from the date of receipt of the notification, institute legal proceedings in the people's court.
A few years ago, I read a survey of one hundred men, celebrities from various walks of life, all of whom were over 60.
93. The Panel has received little information regarding Iranian procurement efforts explicitly for ballistic missile-related items.
Then there is the eye-straining challenge of reading screenfuls of text from 2.4 m to 3.6 m away --- the distance most people sit from their TV sets.
An assign activity lets you copy values from one variable to another or to initialize variables.
While the modalities for such a mechanism still need to be worked out, I would urge the Transitional Government and its international partners to address this matter urgently and in a far-reaching manner.
Consequently, meetings of the regional coordination mechanism had been convened by the commissions since 1999.
Industry standard-setting efforts are another key means of generating greater respect for human rights and humanitarian law.
61. Provisional measures under article 19, paragraph 8
In addition, the problem of denial by those living with the disease still persists.
" said the minister.
12. The Advisory Committee therefore reiterates its recommendation that the General Assembly request the Secretary-General to prepare clear, transparent and timely reporting of the inter-mission cooperation arrangements and related cost-recovery charges in his future mission budget proposals or other funding arrangements for peacekeeping missions, as well as in the respective performance reports of both originating and receiving missions.
It was also reported that Miguel Puerto Barrera, legal representative of the victims, was declared a military objective by the army.
To compile submissions from Parties into a miscellaneous document for consideration by the SBSTA at its twenty-third session;
340 (AC.66)
Addendum
(i) Indigenous people in Australia
Accordingly, the 12 posts (one Assistant Secretary-General, one P5, one P-4, 2 P-3, 2 General Service (Other level) and 5 local level) authorized for this Office have been omitted from the proposed staffing for the period under review.
Any of you acts up, I'll call Santa, and I'll tell him you want socks for Christmas.
The World Alliance of Young Men's Christian Associations, based in Geneva, is a confederation of National Councils of YMCAs around the world.
The Government of Guyana remains firmly committed to the full and effective implementation of the Cairo Programme of Action.
 The competent Ethiopian organs had established conclusive evidence against the three suspects and had furnished all the necessary information about them to the Sudanese authorities.
In addition, Algeria declared one area under its jurisdiction in which anti-personal mines were planted by the Algerian army and where 116 anti-personnel mines remain to be destroyed.
1. By its resolution 45/215 of 21 December 1990, the General Assembly decided, inter alia, that the adoption and signing of the Final Act of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development activities should be replaced by the adoption of a procedural report of the Conference.
This implies that multilateral diplomacy and negotiations should be exhausted before the parties may resort to reasonably necessary force.
From another point of view, this close viewing way enables the depicted object to have very deep illusion and profound sense of mystery.
Figure 3 inconsistent reconciliation ratio since November 2008
The law should provide that a secured creditor's rights in a negotiable document are, as against the issuer or any other person obligated on the negotiable document, subject to the law governing negotiable documents.
Our support for the Responsibility to Protect initiative and our efforts to promote the Group of 20 are two recent examples of the new multilateralism.
45. Environmental costs arise in a number of ways.
The third area is the "responsibility to respect" human beings, their dignity, their freedom and their culture.
B. Education
2. Participation in existing international instruments
It requests all those conducting peacekeeping operations in Africa to pay particular attention to the situation of children in armed conflict, as appropriate, both in mandates for and reports about such operations.
223. The Special Committee is concerned that the United Nations death and disability claims process for peacekeeping personnel is overly cumbersome, lengthy and lacking in transparency.
- Relaciones México-Estados Unidos. Una visión interdisciplinaria (compiler), Mexico, UNAM, 1981
Must groups book in advance?
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Joint-venture partners
Following his release on 4 May 1998, the author's passport was seized.
2. The United Nations had already taken many important steps to combat terrorism, including the adoption of the various international instruments on terrorism and, most recently, of the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy (A/RES/60/288), which took a balanced approach to the problem by addressing issues such as capacity-building and human rights protection.
When the researchers examined patients with high blood pressure only, they found garlic supplements reduced systolic blood pressure by 8.4 mm Hg, on average, and diastolic blood pressure by 7.3 mm Hg
If she is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the German election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite Germans’ frustration with Europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed Europe to fail.
In short, as former US Secretary of State George Shultz has noted, “NAFTA has transformed the region.”
In cases of death due to illness, the opinion of the Medical Services Division within the Department of Management is also sought to make a determination as to whether the death was due to a pre-existing medical condition.
ICERD (1970)
Article 29
The Committee urges the State party to promptly undertake thorough, impartial investigations into all deaths of persons held in custody and to carry out the corresponding autopsies.
It is very profitable for the issuing offices to finance the funds they collect by issuing traveler's checks because they not only receive service charge from the check buyers, but they also don't need to pay any interest no matter how long the cheeks remain in circulation before clearing
www.un.org/ru/development/desa
Libya also encourages cooperation between the countries of the South, in particular between Africa and South America, regarding oceans and sees, management of maritime resources and the use of the resources of the continental shelf.
The decrease of $16,300 results from rationalization in the use of resources.
The only way to produce mutually beneficial, lasting results, is through negotiation, constructive dialogue and respect for agreements.
A/67/PV.40 and 63
Crows Zero
Fifty-eighth session
The scientists, from the Medical Research Council's National Survey of Health and Development, have concluded it is better to avoid getting fat in the first place.
Personally I picture kind of a left side water and right side flames and they collide in the center with smoke coming out.
of 26 June 2009
1965 births
 The signing of the chemical weapons Convention by almost 150 States shows how the new political climate facilitates long-awaited agreements and brings us closer to a world free of weapons of mass destruction.
Information and communication technologies for development
So far, booming tax revenues disguise the problem; that could change all too quickly.
Management information system 72 - 80 22
With the exception of the reference to the preamble which is aimed at facilitating the process of interpretation and filling gaps in the draft Convention, these principles are common to most UNCITRAL texts and should be read in the same way as similar language in those texts.
I. Introduction
In the present report, the Special Rapporteur provides an overview of her activities from 1 August 2012 to 28 February 2013.
It is also collaborating with the Arab Board for Medical Specialization.
A more equitable and just trading system would foster the dignity and integral development of the human person and significantly contribute to addressing the many development problems faced in most countries.
But when they had withdrawn, he said to her, Mrs. Bennet, before you take any or all of these houses for your son and daughter, let us come to a right understanding.
169. In connection with UNMOGIP, it was observed that the proposal in paragraph 5.58 providing an explanation of the increase under non-post objects of expenditure did not respond to a legislative mandate.
Some 200,000 hectares of coca are under cultivation in those countries.
Other cons deal with the fact that, of the existing facilities, all except two Japanese facilities are in NWS or in non-NPT States.
Supporters of rival armed groups in northern Mali, and especially MNLA members, were subject to similar hostile acts.
I always look for challenges in my work.
In some cases, data are shown for the former Soviet Union until 1991 and for the aggregate of its successor States from 1992, so as to facilitate analysis of trends over time.
Pivoting on a pin inside the hull, it swings down to provide ballast and resistance against sideways motion of the boat caused by the wind blowing from one side.
We regret we can't accept "Cash against Documents" on arrival of goods at destination.
Many of those who are harmed are poor, uneducated, and politically powerless.
The Committee notes, however, that three of the new posts in the international component (graded at the FS-6 level) are being proposed for the purposes of Umoja implementation within the Administration Section.
His Government was convinced that the establishment of the rule of law guaranteeing all citizens the same economic, political, cultural and social rights was the key to sustainable and inclusive development.
It also supported the administering of national competitive and other pre-employment examinations, and agreed with the observations of the Advisory Committee concerning the Secretary-General's proposals on career development and building leadership and management capacity.
The results showed that grazing restrained the growth of annual gramineae weeds and perennial gramineae grass, but accelerated the growth of white clover and noxious plants.
Bangladesh
The Millennium Development Goals indicator series shows that, thanks to facilities providing high-quality child health-care services, the proportion of Kuwaiti children vaccinated against measles increased from only 66 per cent in 1990 to 97.4 per cent in 2012, an increase of 47.6 per cent or approximately 2.2 per cent per annum during that period.
6. With the involvement of major stakeholders and in accordance with General Assembly resolution 61/212, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States has developed an organizational and conceptual framework for the midterm review to help in launching the substantive and intergovernmental preparatory process.
Sweden initiated a Task Force on sustainable consumption patterns related to lifestyles and culture, in cooperation with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).
(d) The adoption, in 2003, of the Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act (RA 9208);
And yet, I did not fall off this train.
IV. Key issues for indigenous persons with disabilities
(d) Following a two-year preparatory assistance exercise undertaken by UNIDO, the final assessment report by the Secretary-General of the Secretariat for the Central American Economic Integration (SIECA) was presented to the Council of Central American Ministers of Economic Integration (COMIECO) in June 2009.
Drops.
Many candidates spent years, and even decades, to pass these examinations.
The number of women employed in the media is expected to increase in Qatar, with the opening of a media department at the University of Qatar, which provides capacity-building facilities for women.
I'm gonna write a book The Apple Is Cubic. Probably it will sell well, too.
18. With regard to reservations to treaties, dealt with in chapter IX, his delegation wished to reply to the question contained in paragraph 41 as to whether unilateral statements by which a State purported to increase its commitments or its rights in the context of a treaty beyond those stipulated by the treaty itself would or would not be considered as reservations.
None of the privacy laws mentioned apply to Medicare or Medicaid, because technically these programs are entitlements, not insurance.
"5. The Main Committees should be encouraged to continue with the review of their respective agendas, taking into account, inter alia, the following:
F. Agenda
Eastern bluebird
Number of companies participating in the Subcontracting and Partnership Exchange (SPX) network.
Favourable comments on support to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the missions, as manifested in the Peacekeeping Finance Division client survey (March/April 2003) and in the evaluation of the Turin workshop (July 2003)
Drawing on those discussions, I shall present our broader long-term vision at the next plenary session in September.
The manufacturers, sellers and importers must stop manufacturing, selling or importing the equipment included in the catalogs mentioned in the preceding paragraph, within the time limit set by the competent department for comprehensive economic and trade affairs under the State Council together with the relevant departments of the State Council.
10. Vice-President of the Council Jan Grauls (Belgium) made closing remarks.
15. It is proposed to convert the position of the Personal Assistant to the Special Representative (General Service (Principal level)) to the Field Service category to enable him/her to provide critical administrative support to the Special Representative.
But Philip found himself at Azotus, and as he passed through he kept preaching the gospel to all the cities until he came to Caesarea.
Available data clearly state that violence against women is a worldwide phenomenon.
Today that agency, Helen Keller International, is one of the biggest organizations working with blind people overseas.
MAP's priorities are projects that convey Canadian history and highlight interprovincial perspectives; promote and support the development of Aboriginal museums; and support and promote exchanges and dialogue between Canadian museum organizations and sector professionals.
- precautionary statement may be omitted where local or national legislation introduces more specific provisions".
Seizures in the Americas accounted for 80 per cent of the global seizure volume, up from the average of approximately 66 per cent of previous years.
Polly, put your kettle on. And let's have tea.
Instead of punishing her, ask her for the support you want, and she will give it. Respectfully let her know how she has hurt you.
At the conclusion of the two - week session, mass wedding ceremonies are held.
Baker had previously been sent into the neighbouring town to get two printed will - forms.
73. The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 128 should be allocated to all the Main Committees and to the plenary of the General Assembly to enhance discussion of evaluation, planning, budgeting and monitoring reports.
The Committee also urges the State party to conduct regular and comprehensive studies on discrimination against minority women and to collect statistics on their situation in employment, education and health and on all forms of violence that they may experience and submit such information in its next periodic report.
This raises the question why, if the Burkinabé authorities were certain that the “lost” ammunition was one and same as lot PPU 0522, they did not supply the Group with the evidence from which they drew this conclusion.
At this stage it is difficult to undertake a comparative assessment, but the examples set out below are illustrative of progress made.
It is proposed that the concrete and surrounding masonry be repaired and a de-icing system installed, as was done with the adjacent ramp to the garage;
The airline industry often goes through periods of excess capacity, with giant companies going out of business or merging
And they can sell electricity to retail consumers, utilities, or both.
(d) Policy reviews in the areas of development, trade, investment and science, technology and innovation, and assessments of the efficiency of trade supporting services;
Students earned  earn associated  degree  or.
The composition of NCBs reflects the inter- and multidisciplinary character of land degradation, drought and desertification issues as well as the intersectoral approach needed.
"Welcoming the preparatory activities undertaken at the national and regional levels for the international meeting and expressing its appreciation to the Governments of Samoa, Cape Verde and Trinidad and Tobago for hosting the regional preparatory meetings,
As poet and author Samuel Ullman once wrote, "Years wrinkles the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
That transnational corporations be prohibited from taking legal action in reprisal for development policies or actions, and that they are made accountable and liable for their activities.
50. A clarification is called for in respect of these efforts, however. The entry into the Dominican Republic of children and adolescents from Haiti is not necessarily yet another case of trafficking in minors.
However, generally speaking, Confucian Norm is ignored personal interests, inhibit the free development of individual will.
4.13 On 27 February 1997 the Minister appealed from the district court's judgement to the Central Appeals Tribunal.
At 0925 hours it arrived at the MIC's Nida' State Enterprise in Za`faraniyah, a suburb of Baghdad, a plant that makes dies, provides services to the industrial sector and the railways and produces replacement parts for food processing plants.
Such revision of the team approach should promote the main principles of the ongoing reform of ESCWA: the rational decentralization of decision-making and strengthening of accountability.
You can change these defaults by using this procedure to reconfigure your data source.
In the 2006 Secretariat Note, the Commission's attention was drawn to the work of COMESA on the Enhancing Procurement Reforms and Capacity Project (EPRCP) under the Public Procurement Reform Project (PPRP).
(e) Determines the application of specific temporary measures and places them in categories, defining the scope, characteristics, frameworks and timescale of their implementation;
*** Term of office expires on 31 December 2013.
Our legislation, including Law No. 95 of 1975, mandates free, compulsory primary education for all children, girls and boys.
This might be all the info we need.
I like to stop by the harbour , drink a coffee or cigarette and enjoy the city lights on the way.
Australia considers that to be an example of how the Forum, through appropriate use of existing United Nations systems and resources, can effectively address indigenous issues.
45. The United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development stressed the crucial importance of statistical and geospatial information for informed policy decision-making.
Economic exploitation, including child labour (art. 32);
Despite its difficulties, and with active support and assistance from our partners, Georgia successfully completed the anti-criminal and anti-terrorist operation in the Pankisi Gorge.
Swimming (Men's 400M Freestyle)
While in detention, he gave a statement which the authorities deemed to have defamed the State.
s really troublesome to s really troublesome to be a woman sometimes.
In a special class, international students meet with American students and learn about American life, says instructor Vincent Vigil.
The Acting Chairman: In practice what we are going to do is to defer the decision to Wednesday.
20. Overall mission direction and management are to be provided by the immediate Office of the Force Commander/Head of Mission. Table 1
Egypt commended the accession to CRPD, improvements to alternative child care and human rights education and training activities.
Costs incurred by the prosecution service
Rural Land Financial System Needs to be Curbed: a Rational Thought on the Construction of Rural Land Financial System in China
4. According to the information received, Mr. Jamal Abdul Rahim was born in Beirut on 5 September 1969, a son of Palestinian refugees in Lebanon.
1.15 - 2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 5
Rape is now punishable by life imprisonment, while voyeurism, sexual harassment and pornography have become criminal offences.
Country data Menorca
So you think you're ordering a healthy strawberry-banana smoothie, but it's really full of fat.
well begun is half done.
鈥楪ood morning, Mr Merrick, 鈥橧 said.
He claimed that he had not had a fair hearing, contrary to article 6 (1) of the Convention.
The Court concluded by rejecting the principal and mortgagee's claims.
TD/B/C.I/EM/3
A sight of the small garden in mid - May.
 The Conference endorsed the ECE Guidelines on Access to Environmental Information and Public Participation in Environmental Decision-Making and envisaged the development of a regional legally binding instrument (convention) on the subject.
You don't need to do that. You can trust me.
A storm to wreck the ships, and wash the chests of rich treasure ashore?
A/65/PV.63, 64 and 73
 33. Mr. JAMES (United Kingdom) recalled that the question of defining services had been raised in the Commission on several occasions, as had the question of distinguishing between technical services and services rendered by professionals.
126. On 6 November 2005 fighting broke out in Dar al Salaam in the early morning when the town was attacked by Arab militia on camels and horses, supported by soldiers in vehicles.
It is significant that the black marks on the map of world conflicts correspond to the regions where terrorist groups thrive and the risk of proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is great.
Then he became very thirsty, and he called to the Lord and said, "You have given this great deliverance by the hand of Your servant, and now shall I die of thirst and fall into the hands of the uncircumcised?"
The activity being reported on was covered in two similar outputs in the strategic framework of 2010-2011.
VI. Looking forward
---Responsible for file management, customer service for student and parents Requirements: ---College degree or above ---Good English and computer skills.
He told Jesus that if he ever got out of this mess, he would "never be a problem to anybody, ever again. "
That means a new risk for stocks just as earnings pre-announcements start to come in this month, he says.
The new paragraph 2 referred to damage, "whether material or moral", but tribunals were cautious in respect of non-material damage and a clause so general, lacking a concise definition, would not provide them with any clarification.
4. First, on the constructive side, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is a party to four key human rights treaties -- the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Explanation on budgeted expenses is not detailed enough.
(Multiple Choice)...... (Directly or indirectly supported) 2(Directly or indirectly contradicted) 3(Not mentioned) all of the abovenone of the above......  1.......  1.all(none)of the above......  1.
The Acting President: May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/65/L.12?
Information received from the Government on the implementation of the concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination - Lithuania
Smoking is distasteful to me.
12. These findings are without prejudice to the conclusions and findings of panels for other categories of claims.
Consideration of requests submitted under article 5
The banks claim that lending remains constrained by a shortage of creditworthy borrowers, owing to the sick economy.
35. Any commission of inquiry, truth or reconciliation commission set up as part of a peace process should address past widespread and systematic violence against women, and should have a fair representation of women;
46. During the period under review, UNOCI continued its consultations with key institutions in charge of monitoring the Ivorian media, including the Ministry of Communication, the National Council for Audiovisual Communication and the National Press Council, in particular with regard to the modalities of media coverage during the electoral period and the role of the media during the electoral disputes period.
(b) Other grave consequences;
10. Mohsen Awad Abu Odeh
Failure rate data have not been compiled to date and there would be a requirement to undertake a significant data searching exercise.
A patient's first point of contact with the NHS is usually their general practitioner (GP).
 I would like to note with satisfaction the hopeful results of the political consultations between us and the Tajik opposition, with the mediation of Mr. Ramiro Piriz-Ballon, which took place in Tehran in the second half of September 1994.
Recognizing the need for States in or emerging from armed conflict to restore or build accountable security institutions and independent national judicial systems,
The Japanese members work throughout the country in formal education, pre-school through university.
He smiled and stood before a bar with a shining steam pressure coffee machine.
S/1999/1226
However, no commitment or action plan to halt the recruitment and use of children emerged from these discussions, nor have child disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes been established.
The follies of the nouveaux riches are fun but eventually pall.
All the disputes will be governed by the Contract Law of China.
Article 14 of the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988 states that parties “shall adopt appropriate measures aimed at eliminating or reducing illicit demand for narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, with a view to reducing human suffering and eliminating financial incentives for illicit traffic”.
Other matters related to the work of the Commission are also reflected in paragraphs 42 to 56 of the report.
Palestine
We must not move diplomatically ahead of our military strength or we shall court disaster.
Brazil
As many of you might know, Austria considered tabling a separate draft resolution with exactly that aim.
Parties provided in their initial national communications information on various initiatives related to the implementation of projects, in accordance with Article 12.4 of the Convention.
With respect to the lump-sum legal aid system for defence counsel costs, the Advisory Committee recognized the advantages of a lump-sum system that ensured predictability in defence counsel costs and urged the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia to extend the system to appellate level proceedings.
The Conference may, after each vote on a proposal, decide whether to vote on the next proposal.
Hail the founding of the People's Republic of China!
Understanding the link between sleep-disordered breathing and diabetes may represent one such approach.
the existence of a personal tax bias against debt income diminishes but does not eliminate the net corporate tax benefit of debt.
These are practising lawyers sitting on a part-time (fee-paid) basis in the Crown Court and county courts.
The convention should link the legal and practical aspects of the fight against terrorism through an action plan aimed at mobilizing the full capacity of the United Nations in order, in turn, to strengthen capacity at the regional and national levels.
We'll never know what mischief they were up to.
6.2 As regards the State party's argument that a constitutional remedy was still open to the authors, the Committee recalled its jurisprudence that for purposes of article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol, domestic remedies must be both effective and available.
Recalling that there had been some discussion as to whether footnotes should be retained in the revised Model Law, he said that, since other Model Laws adopted by the Commission typically contained footnotes, those footnotes in the revised Model Law which had not been deleted would remain.
Article 96 of the Act provides for the reversal of the burden of proof in proceedings where reasonable indications of discrimination on the basis of sex are found.
(b) Technical material: a number of databases and software, as well as various supporting documents, will be produced and widely distributed, including to all the trade points.
Since 2003, the Branch has developed a large number of tools, most of which are available in all six official languages of the United Nations and posted online.
Mutual legal assistance
The official death toll worldwide from H1N1 is under 14,000, while seasonal flu kills about 36,000 on average in the United States and hundreds of thousands elsewhere.
Decades in Antarctica
Some judges continue to violate the human rights of detainees, particularly in the pretrial stage (see the Special Representative's interim report to the General Assembly A/56/278, para. 25).
Annex United Nations Mission in Central African Republic:
You are not investing in the underlying funds. You shall not have any right or ownership over the underlying funds.
(ix) (i) In expected accomplishment (a) after the words "treaty bodies," insert the words "inter alia,";
 7. All members of the Committee except Mr. Agha Shahi attended the forty-eighth session and all members attended the forty-ninth session.
Viet Nam suffered a terrorist attack against one of its diplomatic missions.
While in prison, it is said that Valentine fell in love with the daughter of his prison guard.
Then you select your trigger word.
He is appointed by the President of the Republic at the beginning of a legislature on the proposal of the party or coalition of parties that has the majority of seats in the Assembly.
Tobacco, unmanufactured; tobacco refuse
Kazakhstan had submitted a plan of action for returning to compliance with the HCFC control measures by 2016 and the methyl bromide control measures by 2015, along with information on its legislative framework for ozone-depleting substances, historical consumption data (which agreed with the information in the Secretariat's database), phase-out challenges, priority areas and proposed measures.
(a) The failure to acknowledge and record the actual time of apprehension of a detainee, as well as unrecorded periods of pretrial detention and investigation;
Women had already achieved equality in labour force participation, but the economic restructuring of State-owned enterprises, in which a large share of the economically active female population was employed, has led to high unemployment among women.
Although all revised MDGs and indicators are covered in national strategic documents, their implementation and, therefore, the achieved results differ from goal to goal.
Wal-Mart says the move is part of its sustainability program, by which the company is working to save energy, reduce packaging and take other steps to conserve resources.
9. The Commission has mandated future work to Working Group II as regards the UNCITRAL Notes on Organizing Arbitral Proceedings (1996).
Paras. 39-43, 309-337
At the White House, Dana Perino said it is in the interest of both countries to reach an agreement, and recent events demonstrate the need to be cautious about removing U.S. troops.
Hardy also said Sandy should not allow the parent-child roles to blur.
He was surprised to hear the surprising result.
But it was the most real thing i've ever experienced.
The participants agreed to establish four working groups in which all Contact Group parties may participate to address the focus areas.
- To monitor and report on violations and abuses against vulnerable populations, including children in line with resolution 1612 (2005), 1882 (2009) and 1998 (2011) and contribute to efforts to prevent such violations and abuses,
Applied human nutrition at the University of Nairobi (3);
36. The Standard Rules provide that "States should ensure that persons with disabilities have the opportunity to utilize their creative, artistic and intellectual potential, not only for their own benefit, but also for the enrichment of their community, be they in urban or rural areas. ...
Considerations before applying for a patent
Tsimanampetsotsa National Park
In addition, recalling the agreed conclusions of previous meetings of the Working Party, they called for the necessary financial and human resources to be made available to ALDC.
When price and all else is perceived as equal however, much of the marketplace seems to gravitate to the Turkish option.
I corrected my watch by the time signal.
2. In accordance with resolutions 47/19, 48/16, 49/9, 50/10, 51/17, 52/10, 53/4 and 54/21, Brazil did not promulgate or apply any law, regulation or measure the extraterritorial effects of which could affect the sovereignty of other States and the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction, as well as the freedom of trade and navigation.
48. Between 11 and 12 January, FDS using vehicles of the anti-riot brigade (BAE) and the Security Operations Command Centre (CECOS) attacked the PK-18 district of Abobo killing at least nine people.
Soon after the French settlement, the United Kingdom once again expressed its intentions to take over the islands, this time through a clandestine expedition that arrived in the archipelago and established a fort at a place named "Port Egmont" on an island to the west of Gran Malvina.
Families and communities have improved access to and utilization of quality health-care services
If you think the procedure is long, try getting a third part addon for image resizing.
FBC Fluidized Bed Combustion
Ah! So many lights, the beautiful tonight, especially against the background too.
Italian: Fluent in reading, writing and speaking.
(e) RAB/91/016 - Establishment of the Centre for Environment and Development for the Arab Region and Europe (CEDARE) which is aimed at becoming the focus of environmental activities as related to sustainable development in the Arab region and the Mediterranean basin.
But Spain's economic predicament creates its own restrictions.
148. Following an audit conducted by OIOS on the management of United Nations police, a comprehensive analysis of the Police Division noted that the Division had struggled to achieve timely, effective police selection and recruitment owing to a lack of resources and expertise in terms of police human resources management processes.
III. Children at risk of or affected by noma 30 - 65 11
it's like sleeping in a mad scientist's lab.
Any long term separation of Mr. Madafferi from the Madafferi children would have occurred as a result of decisions made by the Madafferi family and not as a result of Australia's actions.
Due to our privileged geographical position, international organized crime is continuing to attempt to make inroads into our region in order to make it a gateway between producers and consumers of illicit substances.
Peacekeeping and peacebuilding were interrelated and peacekeeping operations must be accompanied by efforts to address the root causes of conflicts.
Additional information should be provided on the exact nature of the bilateral agreements on migrant women entered into with other countries.
take back take back one's words ) take A for B B take in sth take in sb take off Before gold,even kings take off their hats.
The adoption of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action has also played a momentous role in promoting the participation of women in all aspects of public and private life.
 14. Information activities and materials during the period extending from August to December 1993 will concentrate on raising public awareness about the Conference and the issues before it.
Brazil also noted that one of its main objectives was to develop a set of human rights indicators that would help improve and fine-tune the human rights policies already in place.
He thinks It'smacks of superstition.
 (11) The CSCE rapporteur(s) will establish the facts, report on them and may give advice on possible solutions to the question raised.
(a) Commitment authority in the amount of $85.3 million was authorized by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in March 2011 to support the response of UNOCI to the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire following the elections in December 2010; it was used to fund, inter alia, a temporary deployment of 2,500 uniformed personnel;
The government has done one thing right: it rebooted the National Institute of Statistics and Census, which had lost credibility after interventions by the previous administration.
But with teens spending so much on the evening, Gerald Haigh, a retired headmaster in central England, says he's 'always bothered about the ones who are excluded by cost.
Replace subparagraph (d), with:
activities of the Office on this issue*
SR.12, 17 and 18)
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
Owing to the initially low rate of registration of candidates, the Independent Electoral Commission prolonged the process by 10 days on 23 March.
The signal is coming from the center of a debris field.
It was hardly what you would call a success.
GESAMP was established to provide advice relating to the scientific aspect of marine environmental protection to the sponsoring agencies and, through them, to their member States.
In my first report to the Council I noted the challenges that the Lebanese law enforcement community faced in investigating crimes of this nature.
This text does key research to these two problems in chapter four, chapter five separately .
B. Outcomes
Providing for regulatory regimes which on paper ensure greater access is therefore not enough, since infrastructure limitations can render that access null and void in practice.
We obviously had no future together.
They had knocked down walls of discrimination, built bridges of understanding and organized a diverse movement around the universal truth that persons with disabilities must enjoy full human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Because a good night's sleep is worth it, investing in an effective sleep system makes sense.
We are not so critical of him as our boss, because he is a green hand.
The distribution of pores is odds . Reservoir characteristics are low porosity and ultra - low permeability.
Yet its GDP growth is stagnant.
Switzerland made recommendations.
No evidence is provided which demonstrates that the complainant is personally at risk of contracting such a disease.
The Security Council proceeded to vote on draft resolution S/1998/569 and adopted it unanimously as resolution 1176 (1998) (for the text, see S/RES/1176 (1998); to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Fifty-third Year, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1998). English
I pretend that we are the oldest and dearest friends 2)as opposed to what we actually arepeople who dont know each others names and met in a chat room where we both 3)claimed weve never been before
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples, National Rifle Association of America/Institute for Legislative Action, Sporting Shooters Association of Australia, Verification Technology Information Centre
FCCC/SB/2008/INF.8
In order to assist the liquidation process, the aforementioned Act established the Social Liability Fund for the Liquidation of Puertos de Colombia (FONCOLPUERTOS).
To date, ICA officers at the land, air and sea checkpoints have not detected any cases of female travellers being trafficked into Singapore for vice purposes.
On this occasion, UNIDO will participate in side events showcasing UNIDO projects in the field of artisanal and small-scale gold mining (ASGM), the Global Mercury Partnership, in which UNIDO is the co-lead for the ASGM sector, and UNIDO's activities outside of the ASGM sector in the industrial uses of mercury, remediation of mercury-contaminated sites and management of mercury-containing waste.
The author indicates that the police took no action in this regard, and rejected a report of burglary.
Footballers were the most likely to be hurt and those aged between 18
My favorite book is Heart (Italian: Cuore). This is a diary written by an Italian boy Enrico
At first several of them spoke of " chucking up " at once.
Extrajudicial, summary and arbitrary executions
In Nigeria, Boko Haram claims to share the global objectives of Al-Qaida and worries neighbouring States, particularly Niger, as to its long-term objectives, and although its activity is primarily focused on Nigeria, its fighters have been reported in northern Mali, Niger and even Somalia.
(f) In exceptional circumstances, a staff member may be granted advanced home leave, provided that normally not less than twelve months of qualifying service have been completed or that normally not less than twelve months of qualifying service have elapsed since the date of return from his or her last home leave.
get back to the grindstone 2. be on to: None of us will lend you any money; we're all on to you
We are committed to doing all that is required to ensure that the election process is fully compatible with international standards for free and fair elections.
and the hangings of the court, and the screen for the doorway of the gate of the court which is around the tabernacle and the altar, and their cords and all the equipment for their service; and all that is to be done, they shall perform
Lethrinus laticaudis
Eureka no longer requires your services.
1992: Member of the Management Board of the Centre for the Rehabilitation of Girls "Ny Ankany Avoko" in Antananarivo.
After discussions in the contact group, the representative of Brazil reported that some Parties remained in doubt about the scope, implications and usefulness of the proposed study by the TEAPTechnology and Economic Assessment Panel.
101. As regards child protection, it should be noted that the 1993 Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption; ILO Convention No. 182 (1999) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour ; the 2000 Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography and on the Involvement of Children in Armed Conflicts are now applicable to the MSAR.
Note 20
At the end of the sentence add the words "(relevant to expected accomplishment (b))";
Lesson 13 A new dress Lesson 13 A new dress Listen to the tape then answer this question
16. Calls upon the international community to pursue national and international efforts, at the intergovernmental and inter-agency levels, to contribute to minimizing the excessive volatility of global financial flows and to distribute in a more equitable manner the costs of systemic adjustments between the public and private sectors;
The United States Mission takes further note of the Permanent Mission's demand that the host country take sufficient and proper measures to guarantee the security of the Permanent Mission and its personnel.
Would you lie? Would you and hide?
Yoseph Imry
" "No, thank you; I shall remain and look over the accounts with Danglars.
In the area of world peace and international security the challenges have grown greater rather than diminishing, whether one speaks of security threats posed by the perils of the nuclear arms race and the spread of weapons of mass destruction or the dangers of civil wars and regional conflicts.
(ii) An unequivocal and legally binding obligation to enter into a transparent, irreversible and verifiable process of complete nuclear disarmament;
He ultimately attempts to define the notion of equity more broadly in terms of the opportunities available and the ability of individuals to exercise choice and freedoms.
You've got a trauma, that's all.
Following a series of announcements in the local Swiss and French press, the Office received hundreds of applications and, as a result, concluded that candidates with sufficient language skills were available in and around Geneva.
In the PCET sector, the Government has focused on making the provision of education and training more responsive to the demands of learners (and the demands of the labour market and economy), on more efficient allocation and use of resources, on providing more choice and diverse options, and on improving access for all New Zealanders.
That low figure, many believe, is indicative of employers' preference to settle out of court rather than face an ugly lawsuit.
2. Minute of silent prayer or meditation.
Regional confidence-building measures: activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa
(2) For the enterprise income tax and  local  income  tax  which  the performing troupe should pay, the amount of taxable income and tax payment are calculated on the basis of the income from performances staged in  one locality in accordance with the related  stipulations  of  the  Enterprise Income Tax Law and the Detailed Rules  for  its  Implementation  and  this Circular, the performing troupe shall declare tax payment to competent tax authorities at the location where performances are staged.
An old house that has been subdivided and is in use by several families in the Old Vedado neighborhood of Havana, July 27, 2011.
As everyone expected Ted's chimerical scheme to make a fortune by raising ermines in his backyard proved a dismal failure.
Proposals and amendments shall normally be introduced in writing and submitted to the secretariat, which shall circulate copies to all experts.
One area of success has been the regulation of money service providers in Afghanistan by the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre (FinTRACA) housed within the Central Bank.
A. Interdepartmental task force
Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council and in accordance with the note by the President dated 26 July 2010 (S/2010/507), the Secretary-General is submitting the following summary statement.
The Board should be kept informed on developments regarding the use of information technology, the "One United Nations" initiative and the setting up of new offices in the context of the Cooperation Agreement with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
9. If you have a laptop, just connect to the hotel internet service
In 2009, five space rockets produced in Ukraine -- one Dnepr, one Cyclone-3, one Zenit-3SL and two Zenit-3SLB -- were successfully launched.
Although rural emigrants contribute greatly to the economic growth of the cities, they may inevitably bring about many negative impacts.96.
A: Do you follow the latest fashion trends?
The estimation state for high velocity reentry vehicle is an important subject in the modern defence.
America’s founders sought to ensure that individuals serving in high positions of public trust would be well qualified, not just in the judgment of a single individual, but after thoughtful review by an independently elected Senate.
For lack of a statutory basis, the Joint Court of Justice long based legal protection in gender-related issues on case law.
In terms of observations, there is a need for improving systematic observations and monitoring systems for use in understanding climate change impacts, including through expanding coverage and increasing density, and for raising awareness among policymakers of the need for strengthened national meteorological and hydrological services.
Anglicanism is the ______ religion in England.
E/ESCAP/MCREI/WP.1
2. Sorry, I didnt understand.
In 2006, the excise duties collected amounted to $6 956.5 million, of which 47.7 per cent came from hydrocarbon oil, 38.8 per cent from tobacco, 13.4 per cent from alcoholic liquor and 0.1 per cent from methyl alcohol and other alcoholic products.
Her Government was convinced that the second of those issues should be addressed in a multilateral forum and was prepared to work constructively with other countries and to share its experience with them.
Again, words failed me
The movement of young men from the country to the cities leaves the farms short of manpower.
It made recommendations.
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.3/66/L.25, entitled "Rights of the child" (under agenda sub-item 65 (a)) (convened by the delegation of the European Union)
1218
The reasons behind the panic, such as why the Chinese meteorology experts didn't anticipate this, and why government officials turned a blind eye to the reports, are what really matters.
Item 10 of the provisional agenda
 Globalization and the decline of State sovereignty evidence the dramatic changes sweeping the globe, a subject on which many of us often comment from this rostrum.
(26) The Committee encourages the State party to consider the possibility of making the optional declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention.
The Committee also recommends that the State party take immediate measures to ensure affordable access to clean water and proper sanitation, in line with the Committee's general comment No. 15 (2002) on the right to water.
The principle, features and experiences in the fitting and adjustment of the hydraulic control system for those machines are presented in this paper.
Cape Verde templates
(spoke in English)
With respect to Sierra Leone, the meeting noted the progress made in the drawdown of UNAMSIL.
Article 37 This law shall go into effect on August 1, 1990.
Amblydoras affinis
:: Dwindling levels of foreign direct investment
Recommendation 76.39
The truth is, that nature, seldom profuse, and seldom niggardly, has distributed her gifts more equally than she is generally supposed to have done
The Subcommittee noted that the prison staff do not have rubber bullets and therefore use metal ones.
(G.Bernard Shaw ,British dramatist) Happiness is form courage.
Stéphane Dominques Rodrigues, lawyer
In a deteriorating economic environment, this willingness is likely to become increasingly stretched with increased downside risks for the dollar exchange rate.
Unfortunately, that distinction did not appear to be reflected in the Secretary-General’s report.
It begins with analysis on real estate business environment, and determines business granularity modeling service according to operation value recognition service.
A number of soldiers stepped out holding lamps.
Solar Inex series 2020 June 21
China took an active part in the United Nations peacekeeping operations in Africa.
(b) Reports of the Committee on the work of its previous sessions (see para. 17 (b) above).
E.00.I.1
It was reported that the product came from Indonesia and the woman bought it from a friend.
As at the reporting date for the current financial statements, the General Assembly had not invoked this provision.
Good-faith negotiations would require rapid decisions.
If we remain committed to multilateralism, the values and principles enshrined in the Charter will strengthen our resolve to overcome the challenges and threats ahead of us and bring about a safer and more prosperous world for all.
1 The present report should be read in conjunction with the consolidated report on the work of the functional commissions in 2000 (E/2000/_) and relevant sections of the report on the integrated follow-up to United Nations major conferences and summits (E/2000/57).
He bought a second - hand car at very cheap price.
The term "peasantry" refers mainly to the poor and middle peasants.
Commending the responses of the Governments of Kenya, Tanzania and the United States of America to the terrorist bomb attacks in Kenya and Tanzania,
The world that todays graduates are entering is a profoundly different one than the world administrators entered
Sit wherever you like
184. The Attorney-General's Department is headed by the Attorney-General who is the Chief Law Officer of the State.
The Gulf States had also established mechanisms for empowering women, as well as councils and entities specializing in women's issues.
It was at his time that his own health suffered a setback([)
IV. Arguments for taking into account mid to longer term consequences of ERW
When did the last time you went to a nail parlor?
However, unless and until visible results are accomplished, complainants and victims may not feel confident to come forward.
Lost in the music, I did not realize that I had been standing for so long. But my existence did not seem to disturb her.
There had been too many accounts by Sahrawis in the Territory of instances of rape, torture or wanton killing.
17 (c)
If you spend a lot of time investing in personal development, you’ll probably eventually outgrow your social group.
People will believe anything if you whisper it.
Approximately 2,100 cases have been entered in the tracking system, covering 2007 and 2008 data
Although political commitment to and awareness of water sector monitoring is on the rise several challenges remain.
(a) (i) Increased number of ECLAC countries in the subregion adopting policies and measures in the areas of poverty eradication and economic development in line with ECLAC recommendations
Toksong County
Ms. Yildania Taten Brache
44. The action plan is based on the principle of "Nothing about us without us."
A convincing argument can be made that the assessment of the situations is already expressed in the resolutions and presidential statements.
Documentation considered by the Council in connection with agenda item 7 (c)
As debt relief for Nigeria and Iraq is phasing out, there is the concern that ODA may further decline in 2007.
I told you that, so that you wouldn't spend what time we had left trying to do something.
Mrs Yau was addressing the Conference, which was attended by more than 500 state officials and professionals from the IT industry of Virginia, via video conferencing in Hong Kong last (September 28) night. Mr Donald Upson, Secretary for Technology of the Commonwealth of Virginia, chaired the Conference.
23 785.05 into Delta Banka AD, Belgrade
The prevailing view, however, was that the term "good practice" could be replaced by a reference to "generally accepted" practice.
Neither is it clear why graduates should be especially optimistic especially at the moment.
god also aid, I give you all plants that bear seed everywhere on earth, and every
What kind of experience do you have for the job?
The Programme provides for two types of intervention:
To this end, the United Nations has a unique and pertinent role to play.
Amongst others, the following issues deserve consideration:
once i sang as early thrushes sing among the dewy bushes ; now i m mute
Courting simply means that you don't get into a serious relationship with the opposite sex until you are certain that this is the person you will marry.
Finally you will hear news from the commodity markets.
She was strongly recommended for the post.
A/57/372/Add.1
within a short period (in under a month)
To date, WFP has provided inputs to the TOR and selection of consultants, and comments on the inception report.
It will take him about five hours to get home to Zhenping County.
The fact that the majority of signatories are sponsoring our draft resolution is an encouraging signal.
(2) The Legal Counsel of WIPO considered the case of an international organization requiring a member State to commit an internationally unlawful act, and wrote:
Dynamic wheel / rail contact force becomes more sensitive to higher order harmonics with increased speeds.
The soldiers are standing in the burning sun and drenched.
1. 1963 Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed On Board Aircraft
19. The disarmament and demobilization process cannot be considered a success unless the reintegration process -- a key component of the programme, designed to give former combatants an alternative way of life -- is completed.
Lastly, the issues raised in the report about the control environment for information and communication technology needed to be addressed in order to ensure that the relevant systems were safe, secure and reliable.
A labour contract shall be concluded where a labour relationship is to be established.
Inthe middle of the bush sat a friendly-looking old woman in a most strangedress
recosting
13. Country visits offer further opportunities to examine and analyse such incidents and governmental actions in greater detail.
Participants discussed the 1993 Amnesty Law and its negative impact on judicial proceedings for relatives and victims.
VI. Action required by the General Assembly
NET, Microsoft is finally addressing developers cries for help by creating an entirely object-oriented platform.
4. Searching for a bottom-up approach and methodologies for developing foundations and principles of sound public administration.
It was a good hiding-place when once you got there, but the getting there was very dangerous.
 In doing so, they must accord a proper place to urban policy and must encourage the creation of medium- and small-sized towns that can ensure improved economic and social conditions for their inhabitants.
I always didnt know we were in the same class. I never knew we were in the same class.
In 2003, it received 3 853 calls.
In the Senate, 57 members are elected by indirect vote (via commune councillors) to serve five-year terms.
Ms. SANDERS (United States of America): Madam President, I take the floor for the first time as the United States representative to the Conference on Disarmament.
Annex
 (b) Substantive services: substantive and technical services will be provided to the Inland Transport Committee (working parties and groups of experts) and the Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods and its subsidiary bodies.
Furthermore, he underlines that barriers in the name of aid effectiveness have little in common with "the interests of national security or public safety, public order (ordre public), the protection of public health or morals or the protection of the rights and freedoms of others".
The fisherman thought of his dog at once.
Return of funds to UNCC
Consequently, it must be carefully noted, paragraph 12 of the Communiqué requests the UN Security Council to defer the entry into force of individual sanctions envisaged under operative paragraphs 9 and 11 of Security Council Resolution 1572 (2004) of 15 November 2004 "to enable the Ivorian parties to provide proof of their willingness to implement the proposals" listed under the Mbeki Plan.
Furthermore, in July 2004, with the sponsorship of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and ECLAC, the regional commissions organized a policy seminar in New York on regional financial arrangements.
Conclusions The sensitivity of anti-tuberculosis antibody for pulmonary tuberculosis is quite low.
 30. The Committee recommends that the Government take steps to investigate the imbalance between men and women in part-time employment, as this imbalance can be indicative of indirect discrimination of women in the labour market.
If he doesn't take you, I will.
Roughly 1.4 million Gaza residents have not been allowed to leave or enter Gaza, even if it was to receive or follow up on urgent medical treatment.
The retention behaviors of aromatic alcohol homologues in hydrophobic interaction chromatography ( HIC ) were investigated firstly.
The Court awarded moral damages to the family of the inmate for their suffering as a result of the circumstances and consequences of the fire.
Every act of man's is inevitably limited by what surrounds him and by his own body.
In addition, leakage may be less significant in any arrangement on reducing emissions from deforestation in developing countries that is not linked to the carbon market.
What's more, you don't have to take them for exercise every day, twice a week will be enough.
The objectives of the Study are:To assess the benefits of small class teaching in the local context; and To identify the teaching strategies and support necessary for maximizing the benefits of small class teaching.
60. Pakistan reported that heroin retail prices had increased sharply in 2001, following the opiate price increase in Afghanistan.
Report of the Board of Auditors
2. Definitions of key terms are as follows:
Barium iodide
Reverend Mother: Why did they send you back to us? M: They didn't send me back Mother, I left.
A bottle of claret is not the Holy Grail.
In a letter addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2010/560), the Secretary-General drew the attention of the Council to the difficulties faced by the Special Court for Sierra Leone, and proposed that the matter be brought to the attention of the General Assembly with a view to seeking funding for the Court from the regular budget.
More important are the means of measuring and reporting risk, control, compliance, and performance.
11. Organization of the work of the Commission:
Rwanda
In that light, and in view of the restrictions that the General Assembly has placed on cross-borrowing between some accounts, the major categories of activity are considered separately below.
2. The proceedings of the Conference have to be based on a clear and shared understanding of the relationship between sustainable development and globalisation, for which trade and investment liberalisation are fundamental instruments.
Develop an early warning programme related to health and environment assessment for Latin America and the Caribbean, including development of a harmonized methodology, setting up a partner network and producing assessments feeding into the Health and Environment Ministers of the Americas (HEMA) process.
Recalling its resolution 48/121 of 20 December 1993, in which it endorsed the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action,[1] adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights, held at Vienna from 14 to 25 June 1993, as well as its subsequent resolutions on this matter,
 Adopted on 23 May 1996.
The Census found that 4,267,930 children and adolescents had incapacitating disabilities, 22% of those between the ages of 0 and 19 years. The total represents 1.4% of the entire population in this age group.
However, trial and error is part of problem solving.
Legal aid
Comments and questions were raised by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the United Arab Emirates.
This illumination normalization method is simple and efficient and can effectively eliminate the adverse effects of illumination variation.
The Basic Law has a constitutional value. In fact, therefore, its Article 11 (2) stipulates that, "no law, decree, administrative regulations and normative acts of the Macao Special Administrative Region shall contravene this Law".
67. The United Nations Mine Action Office conducted pre-deployment training of deminers in Egypt, Kenya, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Cambodia.
3. The Paris Peace Agreements established the rule of law, human rights and democracy as major pillars of the new political architecture for the country.
CRC
(ii) Intra-governmental reforms requisite to improved enterprise performance;
5. The submission of a draft resolution calling for the abolition of capital punishment could only promote the same politicization of the work of the Committee that had led to the demise of the Commission on Human Rights.
Cullen escaped the death penalty after agreeing to help prosecutors identify his victims.
For many years the focus had been on documents, and the dialogue had not led to a final settlement.
To ensure punctuality, this barrier may be closed up to one minute prior to departure of each train  Toilet engaged (to be continued
The German Embassy followed the proceedings, and it appears that Onsi Abichou was released on the basis of statements made by defence witnesses.
The supermodel fiance?
The report recommends a number of specific indicators which could provide a more substantive basis for measuring progress between 2005 and 2015.
UNICs staff are regularly invited to training workshops organized by UNDP for public affairs officers and are encouraged to talk about the economic and social dimensions of the work of the United Nations system as a whole.
We stand ready to work with other stakeholders to give life to, and further build on, that resolution.
Taking into account the fact that, because of the total collapse of the national economy, the lack of human and technical resources and the financial disaster in Rwanda, emergency assistance, rehabilitation and reconstruction are essential for the economic recovery and development of the country,
Turkey Hall area of 2000 square meters, the external rectangular, internal is a helical structure.
Enclosed please find Israel's response to the report submitted by Karen Koning AbuZayd, Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), which Israel views with concern (see annex).
See decision 2013/211.
A woman can regain her citizenship if she gave up her ni-Vanuatu citizenship because of marriage to a foreign national and the marriage later broke down; a man cannot (s18).
A better geographical spread is needed.
IMO, Council
The fuel depot security in the petroleum chemical industry profession is quite important.
A few arrived late, but most were early.
31 August 1998
The Permanent Mission would be grateful if the present note verbale and its annex could be circulated as a document of the Council.
Other delegations expressed their support for the draft guideline.
Japan dispatched 3 experts and 253 workers participated.
The Russian Federation also responded in the negative, clarifying that its legislation did not specify such an offence.
China’s current strategy, the “Made in China 2025” initiative, aims to build on these achievements to catapult the country to advanced-economy status.
Other matters
15. The principle of non-discrimination is a fundamental rule of international law and one of particular relevance to the situation and vulnerabilities of irregular or illegal migrants.
In resolution 67/226, the General Assembly requested the funds and programmes to develop common principles for the concept of critical mass of core resources and to present specific proposals to their respective governing bodies by the end of 2013, with a view to a decision by 2014.
The cover couldn't be coveried.
"Do you regret them?
His clothes daubed with mud.
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the two draft resolutions recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 10 of its report.
For every buyer there has to be a seller.
Six (6) of the States Parties that have not yet provided an initial report in accordance with Article 7 are presumed not to hold stockpiled antipersonnel mines based on statements made elsewhere: Cape Verde, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Papua New Guinea, Saint Lucia and Sao Tome and Principe.
Kensuke Kagami
The Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity indicates that future meetings of the organs of the Convention are likely to dedicate considerable effort over the medium term to consideration of those provisions of the Convention that concern indigenous and local communities embodying traditional lifestyles.
First meeting in the process of consultation with Member States on the Human Development Report 2007
Everyone made donations to help the earthquake victims.
They could custom and design to meet the co - extruding production line if there are special requirements.
Summary
Education
(d) The travel of staff to provide substantive servicing for the regional preparatory meetings of the Thirteenth Congress.
I condemn in the strongest terms those responsible for the armed attacks on UNAMID patrols, in particular the attack near Khor Abeche, Southern Darfur, in which seven peacekeepers from the United Republic of Tanzania and a police officer from Sierra Leone were tragically killed.
Turkey: amendments to articles 6, 7, 29 and 32
But happiness is always a flash of time. We only have endless pain
Pending the outcome of the investigation, you will be put on involuntary leave.
By the end of 2004, the restriction to foreign enterprises will be cancelled in commodity circulation.
· Two-step loans.
The fall of the river here is three feet.
Rule 1
Exceptionally, where government implementing partners are required to deposit all remittances in a general or central account, it should be maintained in such a way that UNHCR funds are traceable.
Marcilly-en-Villette
Such reviews should continue to be conducted by the relevant intergovernmental bodies as a part of their reviews of the work programme.
Edition 1 (1991)
Tentative arrangements have been made for the forty-fifth session of the Working Group to be held in Vienna, from 11 to 15 September 2006.
UNDP agrees with the observations of the Board.
The large number of women suffering from anaemia and the incidence of infectious diseases alarms the Committee.
The delegation of Ireland also included a number of scientific, legal and technical advisers.
I forget, I ever forget, that I have no wings to fly, that I am bound in this spot evermore.
The new section should maintain constant dialogue with the relevant entities within the United Nations Secretariat.
The money he got from his father was the basis for a new business.
They estimate more than 150 Taliban were killed.
And my grandma cooks fish well.
It was the judicial authority to enforce, but not to expound, fundamental law and was limited to the concededly unconstitutional act.
Agenda item 123 (b) (Central role of the United Nations system in global governance), originally scheduled for Friday, 2 December 2011, will be considered on Friday, 16 December, at 3 p.m.
Nationality: China
The treaty has become an inalienable part of the legal systems of the two countries.
The consignment of car was shipped abroad last week.
Any other matters deemed to be appropriate.
Recalling the elements of responsible crime prevention: standards and norms annexed to its resolution 1997/33 of 21 July 1997, in particular those relating to community involvement in crime prevention contained in paragraphs 14 to 23 of that annex, as well as the revised draft elements of responsible crime prevention prepared by the Expert Group Meeting on Elements of Responsible Crime Prevention: Addressing Traditional and Emerging Crime Problems, held in Buenos Aires from 8 to 10 September 1999,
 The element of justice is sometimes absent, and without it preventive action tends to restore the status quo ante.
It recognized the right of the Palestinian people to claim restitution as a result of any exploitation, loss or depletion of, or danger to, their natural resources, and expressed the hope that the issue would be dealt with in the framework of the final status negotiation between the Palestinian and Israeli sides.
Examples of the areas where UNDP works well can be identified from recent thematic evaluations:
Summary
There are positive signs to be seen in current events:
The Netherlands National Programme on Climate Adaptation and Spatial Planning and the National Adaptation Strategy were developed through collaboration between different governmental levels.
A project for the construction of pastoral steppes and settlement of nomads in Tibet was carried out continuously, which received accumulatively 180 million yuan by 2004 and, when completed in 2006, it would settle 8,000 nomad families totaling 40,000 people.Some 6.4 billion yuan of work-for-food funds was appropriated to construct 1.85 million mu (15 mu equals to 1 ha) of basic farmland, add and improve 9.70 million mu of irrigated areas, build, renovate and extend 40,000 km of highways, and prevent and control soil erosion in an area of 0.155 million sq km.
Some victims return to their homes following treatment in the centers, and continue to suffer from physical and mental abuse.
The points below represent selected areas, amongst the areas referred to in the resolution, where assistance might be particularly useful:
Israel should cease its continuous policy of playing the game of being deaf.
At the regional level, as well as the international, Ministers of the Government have incessantly sought to find ways and means to resolve the crisis.
The U.S. share, meanwhile, jumped to 22.5% from 20.8%, suggesting a bigger gap than previously estimated between the world's economic powers and emerging economies.
"What were you doing, "said the ant, "this last summer ?
With regard to women's access to justice, the structure of the courts was designed to ensure that all citizens had access to the judicial system; courts of original jurisdiction existed throughout the country and were easily accessible by most of the population, although citizens living in the archipelago would have to incur transport expenses in order to reach them.
Stressing that peaceful protests should not be viewed as a threat, and therefore encouraging all States to engage in an open, inclusive and meaningful dialogue when dealing with peaceful protests and their causes,
"(3) Subject to article 14, the foreign proceeding shall be recognized:
I take this opportunity also to commend you for your continued focus on the remaining Territories on the Special Committee's list.
(e) Note by the Secretary-General on the review of trends and perspectives in funding for development cooperation (E/2006/60);
Conclusion For patients with soft tissue injury on the neck the method of local Bian-stone application combined with distant acupuncture on extremities is an ideal way.
There're many pitfalls in English spelling for foreign students.
In previous periods of Euro strength German engineering companies have continued to thrive selling on the back of quality rather than price criteria.
The following example returns the predicted state of the Bike Buyer column in a singleton query.
The evidence phase of the Karadžić, Šešelj, Stanišić and Simatović, Stanišić and Župljanin, and Tolimir trials will continue into 2011.
Within the framework of its thematic programme on crime prevention and criminal justice reform and through its field office network and regional and country programmes, UNODC assisted Member States to develop effective crime prevention strategies and policies and to build the capacity of their criminal justice systems to operate more fairly and effectively within the framework of the rule of law.
37. The two parties had held two rounds of negotiations in the framework of Security Council resolution 1754 (2007) and a third was scheduled for later that year.
I'll Tessa to kick off (the discussion).
However the magnitude of the absorbance does not correlate well with the degree of oxidation except in the early stages.
He claims that none of them, in fact, reached their addressees.
1. Non-governmental organizations may designate representatives to attend public meetings of the Conference and its Main Committees and to make available written contributions on matters on which they have a special competence, at their own cost.
Where mercenaries are former members of the armed forces or the police, this should be an aggravating circumstance and the penalties should be more severe.
 This will help us in our discussions with the New Zealand authorities and will assist us in relaying your true and freely expressed wishes to the United Nations.
He explained that, although the Centre for Human Rights was originally focused on human rights in the strict sense, its collection of documents had progressively expanded and now covers international humanitarian law.
Rulings made by military tribunals may be appealed against in civil courts, particularly in courts of appeal.
Elista
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
 The report, as orally revised, was adopted.
For four years and continuing to the present day, the author has felt threatened by her former common law husband, the father of her two children.
Protestantism in Asia
1. Rulings related to accreditation
During the sixty-second session the President of the General Assembly appointed 17 facilitators (on, for example, financing for development; international environmental governance; mandate review; system-wide coherence; General Assembly revitalization; Security Council reform; HIV/AIDS; commemorative high-level plenary meeting on children; assistance and support to victims of sexual exploitation and abuse).
Training
(e) The International Public Procurement Forum on "Public Procurement Reform and Modernization" held at the Chinese University for Finance and Economics, and the Asian Development Bank and WTO Conference on Public Procurement (Beijing, 13-18 October 2010).
The Department of Justice is of the view that to counter terrorism it is necessary to establish a legal framework that would intensify our commitments to international instruments related to the prevention and suppression of terrorism and recommends the following:
The energy grid in the former Yugoslav territory and KEK electricity demands
international human rights treaties (item 3) resolution 2005/4
(a) Freedom to worship 11 - 12 8
It is recognized that industry standards evolve, and this document reflects the understanding of them as of the publication date.
Select the appropriate type of license for the user (Figure 8).
To protect the health of the general public, chemical safety issues regarding susceptible groups (e.g., persons of fertile age, pregnant women, foetuses and children) need to be clearly addressed in the management of risks.
We note with satisfaction the effective functioning of the International Seabed Authority.
The ultimate goal and principle of the UNFPA Ethics Office is to cultivate and nurture a culture of ethics, integrity and accountability, and thereby enhance trust in, and the credibility of, the United Nations, both internally and externally, as called for in the Secretary-General's bulletin.
(2) Strengthening of national capacities
5. Review of the competition law system by bodies outside Government
Although the Act had been under consideration for some time, political will was lacking in Parliament and no progress had been made.
It contains the germ of the whole.
10/100 megabytes/sec network interface card for workstations
VIII.4 The establishment of one P-5 post is proposed to enhance the administration of justice (A/60/6 (Sect. 28A), para. 28A.26).
Malaysian novelists
15. Porous borders remained a source of concern, as they contribute to instability in the subregion.
Concern for the children never took long to surface.
The IMF now recognizes that the bulk of its financing was effectively being used to allow short-term creditors to exit loss-free.
On the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration and the five-year review of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, in 1998, the international community took the opportunity to review progress made, inter alia in the implementation of the treaties and the functioning of their "custodians", the treaty monitoring bodies.
Gabon
My shirt needs a button.
introduce accounting's external environment by using teaching material and multi-media demonstration tools;
But perhaps this would help... No, no.
Particular mention was made of the need to preserve flexibility and discretion in the adjustment of its working methods by the Secretariat.
Tunisia
Intensive care medicine
8. A permanent establishment is deemed to exist if a non-resident has a person in the source country who has, and habitually exercises, the authority to conclude contracts on behalf of the non-resident.
(I) Design Improvements and Specific Technical Features
Fifty—first session
51. In Côte d'Ivoire, the question of disputed citizenship is at the heart of the civil war that has its origins in the mid1990s, when political leaders reportedly began manipulating the interpretation of ambiguous citizenship provisions to effectively denationalize a large swathe of the Ivorian population and exclude political candidates on that basis, while at the same time amending the electoral law and Constitution to disqualify certain individuals from running for office under the concept of ivoirité.
Combatants will assemble at predetermined locations and then be transported with their arms to encampment sites, where disarmament will take place.
Forging partnership with non-governmental organizations
Even those who aren't hunting for jobs may find search agents worthwhile.
During the Fourth Asian Ministerial Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction, staff of the UN-SPIDER programme and the Asian Disaster Reduction Center jointly organized an expert meeting on the incorporation of space-based information and technology in disaster risk reduction and climate change adaptation, which brought together leading experts from the region.
There are several ways. The best way is to achieve through consultation.
2008 Malaysian Grand Prix
I hope to getaway next Monday for at least a week.
Critically, presidential and legislative elections that benefited from the Fund's resources for security arrangements were held without major security incidents.
I am sorry,I do not konw where and when to got off/got out.
179. Looba collects income from the gold mines of Kingizi, Kaboga and Katchoka, 14 hours west of the lakefront village of Talama.
XX. Ground transportation
An injured, unidentified civilian who had been found near the victim's body was also taken to that same hospital.
Enka requested a suspension of the Project and permission to evacuate its employees remaining in Iraq.
Mr. François Crépeau, Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants
3-6 p.m. Partnership events
The current scale had reduced the floor tenfold to 0.001 per cent and had completed the phasing out of the effects of the scheme of limits, apart from limited transitional measures.
The education administrative departments, the labour administrative departments and other relevant administrative departments of the people鈥檚 governments of the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government shall be responsible for the work in relation to Chinese-foreign cooperation in running schools within their respective administrative regions in accordance with their functions and duties.
The prison has not yet been repaired due to budgetary constraints.
The rock drill is indispensable for digging coal mines.
Syrian Arab Republic*
3. Information on scholarships offered by Member States under the programme is made available to prospective applicants.
Head of the department and Co-PI Prof. Wong said the project team had already produced an interim report, identifying the fall of persons from height as a major problem in construction projects and covering the following aspects:
Monitoring the arms embargo
Methodology
Rason
Layered double hydroxides consisting of layers with cationic charges may be the potential candidates of cationic microparticlesforming retention aid system with anionic polyacrylamide.
State-ments at this segment will be open to Parties, observers, in-ternational intergovernmental organizations, multilateral agen-cies and institutions accredited to the Conference, United Nations programmes and specialized agencies with representation at the appropriate level.
aerated food aerospace food
 The Committee decided to take action on draft proposals, which had been introduced under item 100 and which were ready for action, on Tuesday, 6 December.
William B. Bankhead National Forest
UN-Water also launched a status report on integrated water resources management and water efficiency plans for efficient, equitable and sustainable development and management of the world's limited water resources and for coping with conflicting demands.
The Special Rapporteur thanks the Government for the replies received thus far and awaits further responses to his communications dated 3 November 1999, 18 February 2000, 13 March 2000, 15 June 2000 and 25 August 2000.
DANGEROUS GOODS AND ON THE GLOBALLY
Strict implementation of this principle is essential to the success of any operation.
She can magnetise a theatre audience.
Design and Implementation of Mobile Monitoring and Dispatch Based on GSM Message
67. The movement towards inclusive education has received much support in recent years.
About 160 schools around the world now offer course materials free online to the public.
4) They sold grain on credit during time of famine
109. It was added that measures to combat maternal mortality, which had targeted poor and vulnerable women, including strategies to reduce unplanned pregnancies, complications during pregnancies and increase deliveries in institutions, had resulted in a decrease of 49 per cent in the number of deaths between 1993 and 2011.
Hagen knew the look on - Sonny's face, all reasoning power had left him.
Ethnic and cultural minorities, migrant communities and women in particular are especially vulnerable to victimization.
 The most important might be briefly summarized:
Discharge of the contents of the tank is effected by a pump.
260. In real practice, the Department of Labour Inspection of the Ministry of Labour and Vocational Training has duty to conduct inspection on sanitation and labour security at industries, factories, workshops and to monitor infirmities, emergency rooms, necessary medicines, daily use of clean water and beverages, toilet preparations and bathrooms.
The acupuncture is really great.
(a) Replace subparagraph (a) by the following:
Participated in courses
China kept its WTO promise in activity, and devotedto build a faire and free international trading system.
2. The Conference of the Parties shall establish and maintain a roster of independent experts with expertise and experience in the relevant fields.
(iii) Social area:
The Monitoring Group also indicated that the Panel of Experts on Libya was given access to boxes of the same contract and observed 1978 production year markings.
IV. Collection of current price services data
The Wages Boards determine minimum wages and other terms and conditions of employment of different trades.
59. AI noted that Roma living in informal settlements faced considerable difficulties getting access to basic documentation such as birth certificates and registering as residents.
Which kung-fu movie star do you want to be like?
Objective To understand purification effect of low concentration ozone on indoor formaldehyde pollution.
His delegation would be happy to share its experience with the Organization and Member States.
A Portal to the New Economy? (UNCTAD/ITE/TEB/8)
I shall not dwell on Ethiopia's violation in detail.
If the younger Mr Papandreou fails this time, Greece will surely be punished far more severely.
Id like to go, but my calendar is really full today.
104. In its written and oral representations, Sao Tome and Principe recalled that it had been one of the Member States most adversely affected by the previous floor rate of 0.01 per cent for the United Nations scale of assessments.
It was agreed that paragraph (1), similarly to article 9, should instead refer to the right to "request the opening" of the insolvency proceedings.
Important indicators would include not only the quantity of investment received under such agreements but also the quality of that investment.
1. This report has been prepared pursuant to Human Rights Council resolution 3/3 of 8 December 2006 and, as stated during the 10th meeting of the fourth session of the Council, this resolution requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to consult with the Government of Lebanon on the report and its findings and on the relevant recommendations contained therein, and to report to the Council.
26 October 1989
44. Furthermore, it must be considered, that the consultant's work month is based on the provision of "consultant days" and not "consultants".
There are four additional sponsors: Cameroon, Mauritius, Portugal and the United Arab Emirates.
It'sounds like the Earth needs to be in just the right spot.
Amazon said it was working to make e - books available on smart - phones Kindle.
Further efforts are now needed to streamline the number and type of issues to be promoted and thus optimize the use of limited resources.
(e) Voluntary public disclosure of executive head's financial disclosure statement.
Remember who you are!
2004a
32. Mr. Felleke (Ethiopia) shared the view that timely action on the problems with the ECA construction project could avoid cost escalation and further delays.
Note 14
But in the short space of the last six to seven years, it has seen 21 peace-keeping operations.
The Agreement includes important provisions on technical assistance and capacity-building to help landlocked developing countries to implement it effectively.
Ratio between the monthly average wage and the subsistence minimum for able-bodied people, %
Safety and security
Video games set in Sweden
Transport plays a major role in the logistics and service quality of the supply chains.
11 75/90/416 – September 1990
Follow-up to the commemoration of the two-hundredth anniversary of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade [116]
Claimant’s name: The Elegant Company for Textiles
Ongoing and proposed activities of the Global Youth Network include an email list that provides a forum for discussion on youth-related activities of the United Nations system; publication of the quarterly newsletter Connekt; preparation of a handbook for youth which serves as the basis for a series of regional training workshops; and creation of an interactive web site where members of the network will be able to interact with each other and exchange messages.
For two consecutive years, in 2008 and 2009, core issues of the Convention will be addressed by the CSD.
Note the important role played by civil society organizations in addressing human trafficking and encourage continued cooperation between national human rights institutions, government bodies, civil society organizations, international organizations and United Nations agencies, programmes and funds, and appreciate the support of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights for promoting and facilitating such cooperation through its various mechanisms, advisory bodies and programmes.
28 July 1992
The general debate on the items was held at the 3rd to 6th meetings, from 4 to 7 October (see A/C.4/54/SR.3-6).
Saint Kitts and Nevis
It should be noted that there have been no reports of atrocities being committed or of property being damaged recently, although some ethnic Albanians did complain of intimidation and harassment by MUP inside the ground safety zone.
Now, in pakistan it takes four witnesses.
For the proposed revisions to the targets on the commitments of the Peacebuilding Commission, to be implemented by 31 December 2013, see annex IV.
 It was concerned about the elimination of certain areas of progress for women owing to the embargo and the subsequent economic constraints.
- Information and communication technology (A/59/__; A/59/__)
Policy implementation
The military budget of China so often touted as the next superpower is less than one-seventh of that.
Organize and coordinate the relevant departments of the population and family planning in a comprehensive way.
Similarly, paramilitaries who entered the village of Pueblo Nuevo Mejia on 2 June 2000 abducted Andis Villalobos Galán and her son when they were unable to find her husband and brother-in-law.
Yesterday morning, Israelis and foreign dignitaries gathered in southern Israel to pay tribute to former Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon.
The survey told a different story.
The defence case is scheduled to commence on 16 August 2004.
National Wildlife Federation
The Constitutional Charter enshrined the principle of separation of powers and the independence of the judiciary.
Jan.-March 2006: 171 investigations completed
With all of ATM's sophistication, it's no wonder that people want to deploy it.
The conference, in which representatives of the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the International Atomic Energy Agency participated, discussed possible options for strengthening the multilateral non-proliferation and disarmament system and reaffirmed the need to promote the early entry into force of the Treaty.
Cooperation policy should create synergies among public and private stakeholders in order to promote the mobilization of private funds for development.
The extension of the colonial system, especially during the late nineteenth century, is seen by radical economists as the logical expension of local exploitation to world dimensions.
But what are these lighthouses?
M: Saturday morning classes are lame
United Nations police
1. The Chair drew attention to the request submitted by the Secretary-General for the inclusion in the agenda of the current session of an additional subitem entitled "Appointment of ad litem judges of the United Nations Dispute Tribunal" under agenda item 113, entitled "Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments" (A/65/233).
A reconstruction conference, which the Government of Norway has generously agreed to organize, would provide an opportunity for international resource mobilization.
Medical Insurance BUPA Essential Scheme (Minimum charge) BUPA
She's a friend of yours?
W: They think it was a good decision by the International Olympic Committee
For Poul Nielsen the gestural mark is based more comprehensively in a personal exploration of western expressive abstraction.
General-purpose resources for subprogramme 4 at UNODC headquarters finance the Office of the Director, Division for Operations, and the Justice Section.
If you don't use all of the medicine within a month after opening the bottle, discard it.
At the same time, it acts as the secretariat to the employers’ group at the International Labour Conference, the ILO governing body and all other ILO-related meetings;
4829 Sergestus
Collaborative action with partners in the United Nations system
Security Council reform is needed.
Part III: China's introduction of the criminal settlement system of the necessity and feasibility.
Bhutan
Have you ever seen an elephant in an indoor arena tied to a little wooden stake?
Algeria, Bahrain, Djibouti, Egypt, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Myanmar, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen.
The President: The Assembly will now hear an address by the President of the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Italy.
S/2010/99
Management of cash -- cash in bank and on hand
Like a gentleman 2007-11-27 16:16 Dick was seven years old, and his sister, Catherine, was five.
When evening came, after the sun had set, they began bringing to Him all who were ill and those who were demon-possessed.
In the case of the latter, it would be difficult for the Commission to move beyond a preliminary text that would do no more than assist States in future negotiations.
In 2004, the United Nations, together with its non-governmental organization and Government partners, has tried to meet the needs of acutely vulnerable groups by issuing consolidated humanitarian appeals for $147 million in humanitarian assistance to Eritrea, $85 million to Ethiopia and $111 million to Somalia, and to maintain food distribution throughout the region while mitigating the nutrition and health effects of water and food shortages.
(i) On 12 February 2007 in Vienna, Austria held a symposium marking the 10th anniversary of the Vienna Meeting on the Convention for the Prohibition of Anti-Personnel Mines that took place exactly ten years before in February 1997.
Outlook designing is space less, all-in- one.
IV. Operational plan and requirements
Roland presses professional technicians to provide you with the best quality of the installation, maintenance services.
As ever-larger quantities of goods and services are produced, they have to be consumed
High jump as a game also is gone round in civilian. The first high jump tournament emerged as a gymnastic jump item about in A.
63. Political rights, together with the nationality of natural persons, another essential right, feature in Chapter II of the Constitution.
It is craftily designed to soothe the prejudices of Luddites like me – that is, it is much like a book in shape, size and weight, with a screen just the size of a book page and type that you can change and enlarge.
Although these four features constructed the unique Chinese garden art they also presented some inherent defects.
In addition, we now see the enormous challenge and uncertainty in Iraq following the war there.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on Science and Technology for Development on its fifth session (E/2001/31).10
No originals of these documents were submitted by the prosecution as evidence.
Control is inserted to preserve previously existing personalization state information that might have existed on a control for users.
Now that they think that we're dead, We have time to get away.
a Including 1 post funded under general temporary assistance.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004)
12. At its nineteenth session, the Committee decided that the Secretariat should make its best efforts to ensure early receipt of reports, including through the use of electronic means of communication.
But Little Rock was just the tip of the civil rights iceberg for Eisenhower.
While drawing attention to the seriousness of the situation and the urgent need for an equitable solution, the mission reaffirmed the following principles.
The Commissioner-General has thus maintained and strengthened the relationship between UNRWA and its donors, which is indispensable if it is to surmount the very difficult problems it faces in sustaining financial support.
The subprogramme is supported by the Asian and Pacific Centre for Transfer of Technology.
It assessed policy actions in relation to their impact on women's human rights and capabilities; the reduction and redistribution of women's unpaid care work; and women's equal and meaningful participation as actors, leaders and decision makers.
FCCC/SBI/2007/MISC.7
Victor Chapman? The famous art dealer? I can't arrest him.
Buy-out firms account for half of the infrastructure deals this year
However, such progress had not been uniform.
Provision of $60,000 is made at the maintenance level for telephone rental and local telephone charges requirements of Department of Management units.
Special event on "Can you hear us now?
Kidnap of Wong Chak Fai (
51. Preserving professional independence is undoubtedly important.
 With regard to document S/1995/122 of 7 February 1995 the following may be noted:
Further information on workshops to enhance effective participation in the work of the Committee is also available on the Convention website.
2. Security.
 The AD HOC GROUP OF THE STATES PARTIES TO THE CONVENTION ON THE PROHIBITION OF THE DEVELOPMENT, PRODUCTION AND STOCKPILING OF BACTERIOLOGICAL (BIOLOGICAL) AND TOXIN WEAPONS AND ON THEIR DESTRUCTION (BWC AD HOC GROUP) will hold its session fron 4 to 6 January 1995.
Technique of stone curtain wall connected by anchors is a new building decorative technique and a predominant method in engineering of the stone curtain wall from now on.
76. Several other fast-disbursing mechanisms, such as the World Bank State- and Peace-Building Fund, the UNDP Bureau for Crisis Prevention and Recovery Trust Fund, and the European Commission Instrument for Stability have been designed to support peacebuilding activities while more comprehensive funding becomes available.
A typeset version of the report of the Commission will be included in Part Two of volume II of the Yearbook of the International Law Commission 2004.
Article 43 Working people in the People's Republic of China have the right to rest.
Mugarra
La Aldea del Obispo
Jamaica
GovLinks
Corporate sponsors are responsible for leading the process for defining results, performance indicators, baselines and corporate targets within designated management functions, as well as for monitoring, assessing and reporting to senior management on performance against these results.
What about you, Henry? You haven't said a thing.
It also coordinated the convening in China in November 2010 of the High-Level Meeting on International Cooperation for Child Rights in the Asia Pacific Region (see E/2011/6, para. 35).
Press your fingers in the ink.
The source of this interference remains unconfirmed, but increasingly, experts are pointing the blame at portable electronic devices such as portable computers, radio and cassette players and mobile telephones.186
Five years ago, the country’s main economic activity was farming. Now, however, the economy is notable for its significant potential for the development of forestry-related activities.
Before she could move, she heard a loud noise, which (and then it) grew to a terrible roar.
The Conference requests the special coordinators to present a report before the end of the current session.
41. With reference to operative paragraph 5 (d), the secretariat monitored progress on PPPs for infrastructure development through regional meetings and online PPP project information, which was disseminated through policy and information documents prepared for legislative and other high-level meetings, such as the second session of the Ministerial Conference on Transport (Bangkok, 2012) and the High-level Expert Group Meeting on Public-Private Partnerships for Infrastructure Development (Jakarta, 2010).
They met by pure accident.
ISBA/12/LTC/CRP.2
Of course movies helped to spread his fame as he played and acted in several films
United States of America
Extension of overall capital master plan project duration.
Schedule of meetings
Companies established in 1868
VOICE : He was fairly sure there was no as hell.
Subtotal, renovation
Othman Wok
The nation was seethingwith discontent as the noblemen continued their arrogant ways.
Almost invariably , BAR men are exemplary in their conservation of ammunition.
UNMOT would establish a team at each assembly area to carry out those functions.
Urgent temporary liabilities and extraordinary expenses relating to evacuation and repatriation, including transportation, food and accommodation, are in principle compensable.
Michael come back to Los Angeles for a short visit.
Recommendations of the survey report
24. The Advisory Committee was further informed that in view of this improvement and the mandatory occupational recuperation break, introduced by the Office of Human Resources Management after a review conducted in December 2005, which puts pressure on staff remaining in the Mission area covering for those on leave, it was considered advisable to continue the special Iraq allowance to further improve the vacancy rates and maintain good staff morale under unusually challenging circumstances.
I wish to note in particular the contribution of the Secretary-General in that sphere.
This was due mainly to a substantial increase in new trust funds, mainly for Tsunami recovery programmes.
This thesis includes four procedures , camera calibration, epipolar geometry, feature point matching and depth calculation.
25:18 But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.
73. It is also proposed to establish the position of a Logistics Officer (P-4) to plan and implement the relocation of UNPOS from Nairobi to Somalia.
Furthermore, the Group of Experts agreed that countries should be asked for comments on the profiles in order to provide specific additional or crucial information to be included by the Secretariat.
Estonia
He storied about his academic career and his professional career.
They continue to obsess us because it is truly, deeply what all little girls want.
:: Ensure that commitments on gender equality and women's empowerment are accompanied by the explicit recognition that they reach women of all ages
Tetri Bazar
I did not you want mature, I will learn to slowly distinctly.
The Commission decided to resume, on a biennial basis, consideration of this question at its fifty-fourth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the human rights of all persons subjected to any form of detention or imprisonment”.
6. Thirdly, claims to separate statehood by ethnic groups or other entities within a State can create situations of armed conflict and may pose a threat not only to regional stability but also to international peace and security.
46. His delegation’s support for the proposal should not be considered an interference in internal affairs, or an attempt to obstruct the peaceful reunification of China, because any decision on that matter must be taken exclusively by the Chinese people themselves, including those in the Republic of China.
National staff
It is not just about abuse of power and economics -- it is about the stripping away of our spirit... The [Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination] decision confirms what the Western Shoshone and other indigenous peoples have been saying for a very long time -- it is a first step that we can use in our ongoing work and in our corporate engagement and public education strategies.
Extrabudgetary
Table 4
"We feel the project was beneficial in many ways, " Errebo stated.
It was also noted that existing objectives and functions in ECOSOC resolution 2000/35 may be used as key elements of the future IAF.
Once you awaken from a bad dream, visualize a change in the action to create a more positive outcome.
In June 1998, three humanitarian workers, two from the WFP and one from the Sudanese Red Crescent Society, were killed by armed gunmen and two Red Crescent workers were injured following a food distribution in a Government village of the Nuba mountains region.
3/ International Finance Statistics Yearbook (Washington, D.C., IMF, 1995).
What's her address?
In addition, the Australian protein intake exceeds the minimum recommended amount.
It is equally apparent in the priorities and activities of CTED, as exemplified by the high priority that CTED and the Council place on strengthening the facilitation of technical assistance aimed at increasing the capabilities of Member States in the fight against terrorism and ensuring that the provision of assistance is adjusted to each country's own needs.
Ground Force One
Both major presidential candidates, Democratic Senator Barack Obama and his rival, Republican Senator John McCain, suggested Tuesday that the limit on bank deposits guaranteed by the U.S. government should increase from $100,000 to 250,000.
In regard to this particular case, the Special Rapporteur would note the long track record of the Israeli court system deciding against Palestinian plaintiffs, which results in near total impunity for the actions of Israel and Israeli settlers in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem.
Jake Kean
The IPCC examines all investigation reports submitted by CAPO and may invite the complainants, complainees and witnesses to interviews as necessary.
Medical
Conclusions TBF is a simple and effective moted in the treatment of distal clavicular fractures.
AS LEHMAN BROTHERS mulls the sale of its valuable asset-management business, it must know that any deal needs to be bold to clear the clouds hanging over the firm.
The report of those consultations may be found in annex II.
Practice in shanty towns.
The application of rhetoric of modern Chinese color words belongs to the concept of word rhetoric.
The Light Path Analysis and the Numerical Calculation of the Photospheric Facular of the Compressed Semi-conductor Laser
"He is not that," I answered quickly.
For the scientist who has lived his faith in the power of reason the story ends like a bad dream.
III
In identification authentication stage the user's identification authorization under an open and semi - open environment was solved.
The pure office of poetry is ever to idealize.
The most capable readers also seek personal engagements with books, and will widen and strengthen their reading performance if encouraged to read books that interest them.
Most troubling, however, is the apparent lack of involvement and cooperation with the Liberian National Police and the fact that the police do not appear to have been engaged directly by the Ministry.
We can't start the job until we have the approval from the authority concerned.
(i) Location of the secretariat (Resolution 6 of the Conference of Plenipotentiaries)
At this stage, it would be very risky to open up our traditional agenda.
The Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, in its above-mentioned opinion (see paragraph 17), also stressed the need to subject military justice to the principle whereby "it should be incompetent to try military personnel if the victims include civilians".
He slipped his own knife from its sheath cut a thin succulent branch from a tree and sat beside me.
In this regard, General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, in particular paragraph 79, and also resolution 44/201 B of 21 December 1989 were recalled.
The compressor  - outlet pressure is nearly constant around the circumference.
Draft resolution I
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 44 (A/53/44).
Kwun Tong Methodist Social Service
(b) Increased access by decision makers and the public to comparable data on key demographic, social, economic and environmental indicators for the ESCAP region
(a) In the eighth preambular paragraph, the words "development and" would be inserted before the word "proliferation" and the words "in a comprehensive manner" would be added at the end of the paragraph;
In 2007, CoE ECRI also made recommendations in this regard.
Three weeks later, they moved in together in Shropshire , England.
Noting that considerable progress has been achieved in developing and applying the latest information technologies and means of telecommunication,
Article 31 A school or any other institution of education that meets the requirements for a legal person shall acquire the status of a legal person from the date on which its establishment is approved or it is registered.
A project to expand the Benin Water and Electricity Board's thermal diesel power station in Parakou;
The financial statements are the responsibility of the Executive Director.
A review of staffing levels was conducted, which resulted in the structuring of the regional architecture to better address the needs of the organization, and the recruitment for all posts was completed in 2013 as part of its implementation.
Macauley Rivera, one of my dearest friends in Bible college, had a passion for the Savior.
2. The situation in Georgia
Six such courses were conducted for five countries, namely China, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Myanmar, Vanuatu and Viet Nam.
UNIVERSAL PERIODIC REVIEW
(b) Within countries, data providers and other stakeholders need to be brought together within integrated networks of experts so as to work together to collect the most needed data and to make optimum use of the data currently collected;
14. Since the establishment of UNIFIL, 222 members of the Force have lost their lives: 76 as a result of firings or bomb explosions, 92 in accidents and 54 from other causes.
The prohibition imposed by this subparagraph does not apply to flights operated for humanitarian purposes by, or on behalf of, organizations and governmental agencies which are engaged in providing relief assistance and are on the list approved by the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999);
Behind Moss was British actress Sienna Miller in second place, followed by US actresses Scarlett Johansson, Rachel Bilson and Jennifer Aniston in third, fourth and fifth places respectively
Sea Shepherd environmentalists lobbed stink bombs and other objects at ships in early January.
However, before the case against Toyota could be referred to the Tribunal, the parties entered into negotiations with the Commission to settle the case without referring.
A legislative base has taken shape in the country regulating labour relations in the context of a market economy and trade union activity.
Agenda item 117 : Questions relating to human rights (continued)
IV. Conclusion
Transfer to another national registry.
The Best Essays of Lin Yutang
The representative of Jordan made a statement in the course of which he introduced and orally corrected draft resolution A/54/L.63/Rev.1.
First Vatican Council
2001/5 Private Sector Division work plan and proposed budget for 2001
UNDP Trust Fund for Capacity-building in Demining Operations for Cambodia
(b) International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction
The performance of an illegal abortion is punishable by imprisonment for a period of up to five years; if the abortion is performed by a physician, the physician loses his right to practise medicine for a period of up to five years.
It's about the conversation between a fox and a crow.
In the past 60 years, Australia has made contributions to 39 United Nations peacekeeping operations, and we continue that tradition today.
Each State was invited to nominate, within 30 days of the date of the invitation, up to two candidates, no two of whom were to be of the same nationality.
Stable display of wide-field-of-view images in real time within certain azimuth, is helpful to improve system performance.
31. The strength of the Joint Integrated Units, which has remained unchanged since April 2009, is 32,900 (approximately 83 per cent of its mandated strength of 39,639).
35. At the 32nd meeting, on 22 July, the Council decided to defer its consideration of the report of the High-level Committee on South-South Cooperation on its sixteenth session to its substantive session in 2010.
Yugoslavia
Ayuwang Pagoda
Ms. Rose Shomali provided a case study of women's empowerment through participation and legislation.
It was rude of me to have kept you waiting.
The heads of State note the appropriateness of the decision that has been adopted on establishing an inter-parliamentary cooperation institute involving representative groups in each of the parliaments of the CAC member States, which they consider an important step towards instituting practical measures for harmonizing national legislations in order to aid the integration process within CAC.
An abrasion of the glass surface having appreciable width and a frosted appearance.
13. The difficulties highlighted in my previous report (A/HRC/13/64, para. 8) have persisted in the period under review.
President
Furthermore, the reactivity index of coke will increase with increase of captured zinc in coke.
Fortyfive years later, the outcome is very positive: Tunisia stands out in the region for its
The Japanese plant lost power during Friday's earthquake.
Do you know somewhere Ican develop my photos.
16. Notes the finding in the programme performance report for the biennium 1996–1997 that programme managers, in accordance with the decisions of the General Assembly and the relevant regulations and rules, have managed to minimize the adverse effect of financial constraints and achieved high rates of implementation in some areas;
All Member States should pay their arrears and assessed contributions in full without delay.
A number of activities have been brought to the point where adequate financial assistance is critical to effective implementation; however, funding, including core resources, has not kept pace with the demonstrated needs.
As many repairs as you need, free of charge Ask at the counter for details Ask inside for details Best choice and best discounts Brighter shopping, brighter prices Buy any two together and save 10% off both products Buy one and get anyone free Buy two get one free Childrens wear Closing sale Computers in stock Customer care is our top priority Customer services Easy to use and great value too.
That country was wrong to occupy a territory that did not belong to it and had lost all credibility by engaging in unscrupulous ploys to delay the referendum.
Delegations are further encouraged to submit to the Chairman of the Committee or to the Secretary of the Committee (room S-3420B; fax 1 (212) 963-6430) any relevant documentation or written statements in advance of the meeting.
12. Mine action
The next passenger listens to music on his new Nokia phone as the train accelerates.
Sentences break up into clauses and clauses into phrases
1. Reaffirms that security in the Mediterranean is closely linked to European security as well as to international peace and security;
12.A. EQUIPMENT, ASSEMBLIES AND COMPONENTS
In 1996 Kazakhstan was one of the first countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) to adopt an Act "On export controls on arms, military hardware and dual-use goods"; this Act became the cornerstone of the national export regulation system.
(b) Encourage Governments in a position to do so to provide multi-year commitments and payment schedules to the pledging event held each year at the first regular session of the Executive Board.
55. At the same time, I remain concerned about the lack of progress in establishing a Government and the continuing stand-off between the executive and legislative branches of Government.
Average GNP - DBA = GNP da
Importantly, these are issues the general public has not raised before.
Case 926: MLCBI 2 (b), 19, 21
The State party is also under an obligation to prevent similar violations in the future.
Can not be done.
Regional cooperation
The steps and initiatives of the LDCs themselves should be supported.
The MOI contends that the costs it incurred to provide assistance to the three waves of refugees represent direct losses suffered as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
As William A. Schabas wrote, [t]he European Court did not set aside the test of intention in determining whether a reservation is severable.
Article 1
(c) Coordinates special events held at the UN Headquarters -- such as admission of new members to the United Nations, flag raisings, presentation of credentials by new Permanent Representatives, unveiling of gifts to the United Nations from the member states, etc.;
Kam sprang over the fire and seized Harold by the arm.
8. Recalls its decisions in resolution 67/216 on the objective and results of the Conference, while remaining mindful of the need to carry out the Conference and the preparatory process in the most inclusive, efficient, effective and improved manner to ensure a successful Conference, and decides that:
These commitments represent 32.5 per cent of the total Aid for Trade for developing countries, as compared with 28.6 per cent in 2008.
He further argues that the preparedness of total objectors to go to prison constitutes sufficient evidence of the sincerity of their objections and contends that the differentiation in treatment between Jehovah's Witnesses and other conscientious objectors amounts to discrimination under article 26 of the Covenant.
They were successful in the end. President Woodrow Wilson, in 1914, made the official announcement proclaiming Mother's Day a national observance that was to be held each year on the 2nd Sunday of May.
Steven: Well, not really.
However, much remained to be done before the final objective was attained, as was demonstrated by the difficult negotiations in the Preparatory Commission.
Study of thermal oxidation of silicon, 1994–1996
271. The Committee recommends that urgent and concrete steps be taken to ensure that the provisions of the Covenant are made widely known among the population. To this end, the Committee recommends that systematic education programmes on the rights enshrined in the Covenant be set up in all schools and other educational institutions.
2. The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty reiterates that, in the context of nuclear-weapon-free zones, it is essential that nuclear-weapon States should provide unconditional assurances against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons to all States of the zone.
On 29 January, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Regional Centre for Preventive Diplomacy for Central Asia, Miroslav Jenča, briefed the Council in consultations on the activities of the Centre.
Take your time aiming and when you think that you can hit the cue ball dead centre, take your shot
At the next Assembly meeting held on 26 June, the Prime Minister, Girija Prasad Koirala, announced his resignation, which is expected to be formally submitted once a President has been elected, and called on the Maoists to form a government.
This paper introduces clean production management system environmental targets and management measures in the hydrocracking unit in SINOPEC Yangzi petrochemical company Ltd.
71. UNICEF has commenced an expanded child protection programme for Somalia in close cooperation with UNDP and other agencies, addressing formal and non-formal juvenile justice and law enforcement mechanisms, capacity-building of police officers in relation to child protection, prevention of juvenile delinquency and training of youth, and small arms and demobilization in relation to child soldiers.
The amount of the minimum salary is decided only by taking into consideration the concrete economic conditions.
The Operation, in collaboration with United Nations Headquarters, United Nations agencies and other partners in the process, participated actively in preparations aimed at accelerating efforts to arrive at a standard response to cases of spontaneous disarmament.
Gu Xiao
Neither the requests have been received nor any particular needs identified for specific exemptions on HCBD.
Therefore since 2005 six centres have already been created, namely in Bragança, Viseu, Leiria, Castelo Branco, Viana do Castelo and more recently in Beja.
Document A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.79/Add.8
He said the situation could worsen if storms move north and threaten winter grain supplies.
Lastly, his delegation thanked the UN-Women Executive Director for her support and her June 2012 visit to Ecuador, which had given fresh impetus to women's empowerment.
Honduras
9. To ensure that school-age girls were not married off against their will, the Customary Marriage Act provided that such marriages were not valid unless both parties were at least 18 years old and had freely consented to the marriage, and at least one of them was governed by an applicable customary law.
Mandate: GA res. 63/284, para. 6
In this way, UNFPA Colombia responds to the need of guaranteeing women and girls their rights to health, life and integrity, and to addressing forms of discrimination.
All the cartoonists whom their cartoons are displayed in the exhibition will receive a free copy of biennial catalogue.
The short-wave detection signal method can guarantee reliable and accurate information transmission, achieving high reliable information-receiving.
Debbie Hart is going to swim across the English Channel tomorrow.
They become personally liable for any environmental problems associated with the company.
In addition, it is proposed that one new P-3 post and one new General Service (Other level) post be established to support the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment in its new composition of 25 members, increased from 10, in view of the expected increase in the workload of the Subcommittee, particularly with respect to the demands that arise in the organization of field missions (ibid., para. 24.80).
Progress expected under each of the five action areas in the coming three years is set out in the following table. This will be updated in the light of the latest developments.
2. To provide financial and budgetary services to substantive programmes and conference activities, including cost-sharing of common and joint services provided to VIC entities and implementation of Release 3 of IMIS;
Note by the Secretariat
While country-level focus was welcomed, there was also a call for UNDP to use the strategic plan to sharpen its thematic focus in services it offered at the global level.
CRCs worked to raise community awareness of the needs and rights of the disabled; integrate persons with disabilities into mainstream activities, such as schooling; help disabled persons and their families cope with disability; assist disabled adults in obtaining training and employment; offer referrals to specialist services; and provide equipment, such as hearing aids and prosthetic devices.
It has been shown in numerous studies and clinical trials to reduce mortality from such causes as cardiovascular disease and cancer.
The Committee is of the view that existing legislation does not provide children with an adequate level of protection against torture and ill-treatment.
Cherish today, today's work has to be done today
I played on the end during my years in college.
It was further said that draft article 16 might give rise to differing interpretations, in particular the proviso "save for intentional wrongdoing" might be interpreted differently in various jurisdictions.
242. At its 12th meeting, on 11 June 2012, the Committee considered programme 14, Gender equality and empowerment of women, of the proposed strategic framework for the period 2014-2015 (A/67/6 (Prog. 14)).
That role would fit in with the Unit's proposed workplan and modest resources.
With regard to the coordination of operations of the Iraq crisis through New York, the Committee expressed the view that every effort should be made to avoid any duplication of efforts between New York and Geneva.
1974-1975 Treasurer of the National Bar Association.
It provided substantive support to the Special Committee and other intergovernmental bodies, including by preparing 16 annual working papers on the Non-Self-Governing Territories and other parliamentary documentation, all of which were submitted by the deadlines, and a bureau meeting with the Secretary-General in November 2013.
At the level of special legislation, Act No. 40 of 1975 (14 May 1975), in particular section 16 thereof, deals with crimes relating to passports and travel documents.
D. Documentation 13 — 14 3
The large increase in the number of women smokers around the world will have enormous consequences for health, income and the family unless measures to curtail the epidemic are effectively addressed.
Decision of the Council concerning the Control of Transboundary Movements of Wastes Destined for Recovery Operations, C(2001)107/FINAL, OECD, 14 June 2001.
(g) Organization of a training-of-trainers course for participants from 10 pilot countries.
Scientists have been exploring the Arctic wildness for decades and have already made considerable achievements.
Le Val-Saint-Germain
I've seen this before. These are their objectives.
States aspiring to possess nuclear weapons were also secretly procuring plutonium reprocessing and uranium enrichment facilities and dual-use delivery systems.
I can't remember where I put it.
The framework provides a foundation for the development of national and international intergovernmental safety frameworks while allowing for flexibility in adapting such frameworks to specific space NPS applications and organizational structures.
In addition, the reference in the second bullet to measures taken to help women prevent unwanted pregnancies was unrelated to article 6 as drafted.
7(a) Specific actions related to the particular needs and
Chairman: Mr. Acharya (Nepal)
I would also like to welcome the participation in today's meeting of the President of Serbia, Mr. Boris Tadić, as well as Mr. Skender Hyseni.
10. Revision of the agenda 11
(a) The pertinent legislative provisions of article 22, paragraph 4, of the Convention, rule 4, paragraph 2, of the rules of procedure, rule 3 of the rules of procedure and decision 1/COP.2;
Many foreign students carry a light load especially in the first term.
To render inactive or ineffective.
2. Indigenous individuals have an equal right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
XIII. Conclusion
I once spoke to a headhunter who said there are two types of non-executives, one after money, and the other after influence.
Thereafter, his linguistic abilities would decrease as he gets older.
However, the Committee was dissolved following the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, and the parties have yet to decide upon national monitoring arrangements for the further stages of the process.
(c) Constitutional protection
695. Austria commended Iceland for its constructive participation in the universal periodic review process, which Austria was able to witness as a member of the troika.
The free learning resources are available in the domains of conversational languages courses, language teaching, language acquisition, preparation for language examinations and linguistics.
Precisely because of the existence of the little o-object, as effect.
He made his announcement just as members of Zanu-PF were visiting Asian countries to drum up support.
National staff
The Committee also welcomes the additional written and oral information provided by the State party's delegation, which enabled it to establish a very constructive and fruitful dialogue with the Committee.
"I call it a slow-motion train wreck, " James Sprayregen, a restructuring partner at law firm Kirkland &amp; Ellis, said in New York.
The schedule for the visit is contained in the annex to this report.
But he was too much the egotist to reach the polish which Hurstwood possessed.
The forced return of refugees by a few countries also gave reason for concern during the reporting period.
The Tribunal's influence, therefore, extends well beyond the Great Lakes region, spreading what are arguably the highest ideals of this body -- its international standards of human rights -- and transforming them from noble aspirations into enforceable legislation and impartial judicial processes.
Report of the Secretary-General
"We will not betray future generations by allowing Iran to have a nuclear weapon," said Hadley.
Expressing its appreciation to Parties that have contributed to funding the work of the Compliance Committee,
Yet for a long time it lacks adequate mandate and needs institutional capacity building.
Since its foundation the African Union has been impressively shouldering its shared responsibility for preventing humanitarian disasters and resolving major regional conflicts.
It was also noted that in the report of the Board for 2007 all Governments were reminded that the provisions of the 1988 Convention did not absolve parties of their national obligations under the international drug control treaties.
IMPLEMENTATION OF ARTICLE 4.8 AND 4.9 OF THE CONVENTION (DECISION 3/CP.3 AND ARTICLES 2.3 AND 3.14 OF THE KYOTO PROTOCOL) (Agenda item 3) 8 - 12 7
We welcome that decision, look forward to future discussions and expect our collective experiences and ideas to continue to strengthen this body's understanding and consideration of critical oceans issues.
UNIFEM was an important independent element within the United Nations system that made its own contribution to development in poor countries, including those of Central and Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States.
But Mr Wang's reading of the political cycle has prompted him to qualify his own estimate of 9.5 per cent.
Côte d'Ivoire
Methods of control downy mildew included utilizing medicine and closing a greenhouse at high temperature, but were ultimately to produce resistant varieties.
My symptoms include loss of appetite, weight loss, excessive fatigue, fever and chills.
On behalf of the European Community and its member States, the European Commission submitted to the secretariat of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) comments concerning the UNCITRAL draft legislative guide on secured transactions.
Aim The microwave extraction of red pigment from the persimmon and its physicochemical properties and stability have been studied.
With support from the Polytechnic University of El Salvador and the Polytechnic University of Madrid (Spain), under an agreement with the Ministry of Labour and Social Security, a study programme is being designed to implement the first Masters course on workplace hazard prevention and safety. This is a unique effort in El Salvador and will provide us with professionals who can fulfil higher-level functions in the workplace health and safety area.
Michael Sandy
309. At its 47th meeting, on 27 July, the Council took note of the report of the Secretary-General on genetic privacy and non-discrimination (E/2007/65 and Add.1 and 2) and requested the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, UNESCO and other relevant intergovernmental entities, to recommend the most appropriate forum or forums for the consideration of the issue of genetic privacy and non-discrimination and to report to the Council at its substantive session of 2008.
How much does it cost? $1. 5 for the stamp and 20 cents for the envelope.
Christian organizations by country
The comparison result can provide references for detecting rabies in laboratory.
France
The role of the private sector would be to increase options and introduce new technologies that would help to transform the money transfer industry to the benefit of the poor.
The six pillars are:
"20. In order to enhance the capacity of the General Committee to assist the President of the General Assembly in the conduct of the business of the Assembly and to improve continuity between its different sessions, at the outset of each session, each Vice-President of the Assembly shall designate a liaison person for the duration of the session.
Former Special Representatives Michael Kirby and Thomas Hammarberg fully associated themselves with the report insofar as it relates to the investigations, findings and recommendations that they made during their respective mandates.
Lor, Aisne
International partners, including major donors, have come together to coordinate their assistance and work in direct support of national priorities.
Ethiopia's NAPA team presented an overview of the NAPA process, its institutional arrangements and stakeholder consultations, and plans for implementation.
Pyrrhic War
Look the right that the pattern that your friend confirms through judicatory only protects him.
332. Under agenda item 15, the Council adopted resolutions 2011/10 and 2011/11 and decision 2011/221.
The existing risk management methods are devoid of clarity,maneuverability and integrity.
To conduct dialogue and hold negotiations on peaceful reunification has been our consistent position.
The fact that the needs of landlocked countries are receiving more attention than ever before in many international forums is indeed reassuring.
The Department also published a multi-language press kit for the ninth session of the Permanent Forum; conducted media outreach; and supported the promotion and organization of a screening of the film Avatar during the session.
19. The organizational structure of MICIVIH would remain essentially unchanged, with the Executive Director of MICIVIH reporting directly to the Special Representative.
Note: Our gallery is a little wonky, so we can't include the QR code. I know.
But that's the place where the mathematical ideas can get us over the hump.
Unless you need something else.
But I bought this 91Ford for a song, about half of what I expected to pay.
Assessment of corruption in Hungary
Moreover, the Ombudsman and the legal aid service played an important role in ensuring the protection of human rights in the country.
This paper investigates the dielectric spectral function and the feature of absorbing electromagnetic wave in carbon nanotube arrays.
There was something in his offhand remarks.
Third, the financial system must be recapitalised – at this point, probably with public support.
We are open to new ideas from all of the advocacy groups and civil society as a whole in order to update, if necessary, specific targets during our term.
54. The United Kingdom delegation was of the view that the work of the Working Group on Electronic Commerce would make a major contribution to the development of secure commerce between trading nations, and was therefore keen for the work to proceed with all speed.
We therefore welcome and support the emphasis on the humanitarian imperative as one of the key principles and core values of the revised United Nations mine action strategy for 2001-2005.
59. The CHAIRMAN drew attention to draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1862 on the decolonization programme in the United Nations system, which had been submitted by Papua New Guinea.
2.6 The author claims that the sentence of the Supreme Court of 24 November 2000 became executory immediately, and Tajik law does not allow for an appeal from such convictions.
One plant converted from mercury cells to membrane cells in the 1980's with good experiences.
Remember, within the 24 hours major earthquake; use your telephone only in case of an emergency.
Operation of the Diplomatic Parking Programme in New York
This paper presented spatial relation descriptor based on metric matrix's eigenvalue which was invariant under translation scaling and rotation.
This case is too strange,I can't understand at al
Women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility, and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions, because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models.
" yCd Crocker said the impetus to complete the deal this year, before the current U.N. mandate for foreign forces in Iraq expires, comes from the Iraqi side.
Article 1 - Discrimination Against Women
O. Activities relating to the Working Group on the Promotion of the Recording and Use of Indigenous, Minority and Regional Language Group Geographical Names
This account of the meeting is based on interviews with participants, White House aides and others familiar with the gathering.
United Nations
The Intergovernmental Working Group deliberated the role of regulatory and institutional arrangements for the consistent implementation and enforcement of international corporate reporting standards.
Things aren't so good.
Welcome. The Colditz guards have no manners so you must forgive me Introducing myself.
It is only by chance that casualties were not greater.
A definition of the terminology with respect to the six categories is contained in annex I.A to the present report.
The recommendations of the report included the re-establishment of the network on protection from sexual exploitation and abuse, including appointing a network coordinator; the designation of focal points, on a full-time basis if possible; and the provision of immediate and appropriate care as per the Strategy to complainants, victims and children born as a result of sexual exploitation and abuse.
You can now use the application to select items from your catalog, add them to your shopping cart, empty your cart, and check out.
MethodsThe X-ray findings of non-infectious subpulmonic effusion in 42 cases were analysed retrospectively.
Common type of stony coral, including brain coral, mushroom corals, coral and staghorn corals stars, their patterns are named.
A document spelling out who does what in the area of technical cooperation will be completed by September 2003.
9. Also decides to appropriate an amount of 4,617,100 dollars under section 35, Staff assessment, to be offset by a corresponding amount under income section 1, Income from staff assessment, of the programme budget for the biennium 20082009.
Mexican legislation provides that natural or legal persons must be asked to establish their identity by means of certain public or private documents, as follows:
... In three years from 1998 to 2000, the ICAC initiated 142 prosecutions in cases of corruption and fraud involving substandard construction works. ...
7. The United Nations Revolving Fund for Natural Resource Exploration was established as a trust fund and placed in the charge of the Secretary-General in 1973.
Respect for this equilibrium, set forth in the Charter, is of paramount importance, not only for the General Assembly as the universal and democratic forum comprising all Member States, but also for the Security Council itself.
(a) That the Security Council recommend that Member States from East Africa appoint focal points for the purpose of coordinating and exchanging information with the Monitoring Group on regional investigations into Al-Shabaab;
Although I can easily 1)simulate life in the United States on my 2)assumption machine, my curiosity, indeed my 3)nostalgia, for the past is such that I would prefer to actually correspond in writing with a human from the States.
Working paper prepared by the Secretariat
However, such cases were considered to be minor and limited and of insufficient gravity to cast doubts on the fairness and transparency of the election.
A survey of 300 firms in Nigeria has recently been completed for creating baseline information on selected indicators of industrial performance.
Use extra caution with system admins and privileged users.
There is a passage cut through the solid rock.
45. When his wife died, he was very lonely
The network says unknown gunmen in Baghdad attacked the vehicle carrying cameraman Alaa Uldeen Aziz and soundman Saif Laith Yousuf as they were returning home from work late Thursday.
Some retain laws stating that the man is the head of the household, thus giving him the role of sole economic agent as well.
If other persons should attempt to influence witnesses or victim-witnesses in the case of an involuntary disappearance, the public prosecution may commence an investigative proceeding against such persons for assistance in avoiding prosecution of punishment (section 258 StGB).
They are the open spaces where my busy days had their light and air.
UNCTAD remained a key organization in the UN system and had the necessary competence and comparative advantages to contribute effectively to the integration of countries with economies in transition into the world economy.
She also enquired whether the Commission for Family Affairs gave precedence to the family or to women, from the legal point of view.
A/66/23, chaps. X and XII
4. At its 26th meeting, on 27 December 2013, the Committee had before it a draft resolution entitled "Administration of justice at the United Nations" (A/C.5/68/L.7), submitted by the Chair of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations coordinated by the representative of Australia.
Protests have become commonplace in many parts of China in recent years, especially by state industry workers upset about layoffs and farmers angry about land confiscation.
METHODS: To analyse the market scale and developmental tendency of anti - infectives.
The development of mechanical timepieces spurred the search for more accurate sundials with which to regulate them.BR16.BR17.
135. Internally displaced women face double jeopardy because of the conflict situation and the patriarchal practices in society.
The Netherlands made a recommendation.
 60. The provision in the estimated amount of $80,000 would cover the cost of overtime work ($50,000 for the Department of Peace-keeping Operations and $30,000 for Department of Administration and Management).
Aware of the continuing needs of the Palestine refugees in all fields of operation, namely, Jordan, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic and the Occupied Palestinian Territory,
Expected outcome
<http://www. un.org/docs/sc/committees/1373>
Canton of Obwalden
Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd
The State party submits that it is of the view that a miscarriage of justice within the meaning of article 14 (6) of the Covenant occurs only when the convicted person is in fact innocent (factual innocence) of the offence with which he is charged.
Australian government is every citizen derate the charge of drug of a lot of prescription.
Give him a taste of the whip.
The projects funded by that instrument aim at supporting the promotion of a high level of nuclear safety, radiation protection and the application of efficient and effective safeguards of nuclear material.
Information on the work of the Second Committee is available at <www.un.org/ga/second/>.
In addition, it will closely monitor and follow up on existing commitments made in connection with recent international conferences and other initiatives.
Scrolling menu bars for each sub page.
Hasunuma Station
The Gender Studies Centre of Vilnius University and the Kaunas Women's Employment Information Centre had established the most successful project on combating gender stereotyping as described in the fourth periodic report.
102. The President invited the Director, Ethiopia Food Security Directorate, to bring a practical perspective to the discussion by describing the innovative Productive Safety Net Programme.
The Republic of El Salvador wishes to point out that this useful study prepared by the Secretariat has revealed that some of the Commission's working methods are not regulated, which could give rise to confusion for those involved since it is not clearly understood what the rules are.
Indeed, as Eliot Van Buskirk points out, this brings Yahoo back to its core mission of organizing the Web's content.
I mean, it's not even so much What did you say to me?
In the light of difficulties experienced in recruitment, UNMIK should consider appointing highly qualified international lawyers to fill the existing needs.
The Helper shall work and reside in the
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The debate on agenda item 36, on the situation in the Middle East, comes at an extremely critical moment, in the absence of any current negotiations in the search for peace amid an unprecedented spiral of violence.
Piratininga
The cut would set a new United States ceiling at $14.5 billion, compared to its actual spending level of $6.5 billion in 2007.
That social security funds enter capital market being in motion and doing business is that the person realizes the important approach preserving or increasing the value.
Published codes of conduct, enterprise reports and press releases may be scrutinized under laws on misrepresentation.
He was perfectly well turned for trade.
Given Putin’s popularity, these rules present no threat to the ruling group’s power.
In the fourth chapter, the software design of traveling wave location equipment is also studied comprehensively.
Rule 51 of the rules of procedure provides that representatives of a State party shall be present at meetings of the Committee when the report of the State is being examined and shall participate in discussions and answer questions concerning the report.
She refers to the various recommendations made to the State party, in particular concerning the authorized length of police custody, the lack of judicial oversight at several detention centres, the system for the treatment of detainees, the obligation to have an independent body investigate all allegations of torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment and the duty to ensure that all detainees effectively have the right to counsel as soon as they are arrested.
The Committee notes with appreciation the legislative and other measures undertaken by the State party to implement economic, social and cultural rights, and in particular:
The Chinese Feast
The 216 full-time equivalents represent a cost of $22 million (using an average full-time equivalent cost of $100,000, assuming 10 per cent of full-time equivalents are professional and 90 per cent are local staff).
This proposal should be further explored by the UNDP Special Unit for South-South Cooperation, in collaboration with UNEP and the Economic Commission for Africa.
The Council began its consideration of the item and heard a briefing by Mr. Angelo.
Some countries believe that it would be harmful to the Conference on Disarmament and the institutional structure of multilateral disarmament.
Paths A path is a collection of straight lines and curves stored internally in GDI.
15 October 1992a
Let this year be the year we further strengthen our resolve and address this vital issue to ensure that the best interests of mankind are served.
"The Security Council welcomes significant progress in the implementation of the General Agreement on the Establishment of Peace and National Accord in Tajikistan (S/1997/510), achieved to a great extent due to the renewed efforts of the President of the Republic of Tajikistan and the leadership of the Commission on National Reconciliation (CNR).
8. Until recently, there were no formal political parties in the Territory and the following loose groupings acted as political organizations: National Team, Democratic Alliance and Team Cayman.
Information provided to OHCHR-OPT indicates that over 1,500 olive trees had been burnt or destroyed by settlers from January through October 2009.
In conjunction with project selection procedures, it is necessary to identify accountability for determining the value received from each ICT project.
Recalling all resolution of the Islamic Summit and Foreign Ministers Conference, the most recent of which were resolutions No. 36/10-E(IS) and No. 36/31-E;
He felt strange amid so many people.
Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong
I generally find that her handwriting is much more satisfactory than yours.
It must review the way it does business and rethink some of its operational principles, including those that have to do with non-intervention and the neutrality stance.
Mandy has done very well since she stepped into the manager's shoes.
Thrice and Fall Out Boy listened to Zao while growing up.
UNCTAD, executive sessions of the Trade and Development Board
(b) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action.
Taking note of the recent proposals for disarmament at the regional and subregional levels,
He was never detained for more than a few hours, was never prosecuted for the acts that led to the arrests.
50th meeting 22 March 2013
I was assigned to help in the threshing of the wheat.
26. The High Commissioner has welcomed the start of the genocide trials, which represents a significant step towards bringing the perpetrators of the genocide to justice and compensating civil claimants.
They ran budgetary deficits averaging 1.1% of GDP in 2006, whereas slimmer governments generated an average surplus of 0.3% of GDP.
make sure michael knows.
OHRM must guide and assist departmental and other managers in identifying, recruiting, developing and sustaining the staff they need.
We continue to send our trainees to participate in the seminars and workshops organized at IAEA headquarters.
Sociologists have also warned that the widening income gap between rich and poor will restrict the consumption power of middle and low-income families, especially during the economic recession.
The points set forth hereunder convey the Arab position in this regard.
Delays were due to high vacancy rates and delayed deployment of staff to the Mission
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
It also found evidence of disturbing links between mercenaries and some private military and security companies, making the monitoring of the activities of these companies and their employees all the more necessary.
No destination country of migrants has yet acceded to the Convention.
The newly proposed speckle multiplexing scheme could provide smaller multiplexing selectivity and higher storage density compared with other conventional schemes.
Where such legal frameworks do not exist, women may be exposed to economic risks when a cohabiting relationship ends, including when they have contributed to maintaining a household and to building other assets.
The reason is that property rights are basic rules for a society, and their arrangements are of great significance to enterprises' performance.
They expressed firm support for unilateral, bilateral, regional and multilateral measures adopted by some governments aimed at reducing military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security and recognised that confidence building measures assisted in this regard.
There is little prospect that Bush will reverse his rejection of the Kyoto Treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates Prime Minister Tony Blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during Britain’s period as chair of the Group of Eight major economies.
However, women did attend universities and visited their families and friends, but it was a moral issue that they should inform their husbands of their whereabouts at all times.
Base year
:: Welcomes the contribution of the Malian diaspora to the peace efforts in Mali;
In their long-standing practice of hunting a pair of trained eyes, and even be able to tell injured animal health and animal footprints.
Our traditional friendship between the people of two countrys can trace back to remote foretime. 6.
17. Strongly urges all Governments:
2. Welcomes the invitation of the Government of India to host the proposed workshop.
Research the semi-rigid trait of the joint by test.
These include a policy paper on safe health-care waste management (2004) and core principles for achieving safe and sustainable management of health-care waste (2007).
2. Pledges its active support for the preparation of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II);
Marija Ulitina
Frank Hammer, a retired president of the United Auto Workers union, or UAW, Local 909 in Detroit, says now is the time for big solutions, not criticisms of workers
It has been firmly established that she was not there at the time of the crime.
Rather than decentralizing power, CEO Martin Winterkorn sat at the head of a centralized, command-and-control organization in which he acted as a patriarch.
Consequently, any behaviour or activity limiting this right is prohibited
60. At its 2882nd meeting, on 2 June 2006, the Commission received and considered the report of the Drafting Committee (A/CN.4/L.686) and adopted on second reading the text of the preamble and a set of eight draft principles on the allocation of loss in the case of transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities.
10. UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (1985)
2. These authorities shall take their decision in the same manner as in the case of any ordinary offence of a serious nature under the law of that State Party.
· White and Black Caribbean: 426,715
Likewise, the memorandum of understanding between the UNEP Regional Office for West Asia and an implementing agency did not contain the workplan, the timetable or the expected outputs of the project.
III. Action by the Security Council
With appropriate stops in place, you will be practicing good money management.
 The decline of financial-resource flows to Africa, which is the only continent experiencing a negative net transfer of resources in 1990s, is a matter of great concern to Africa.
Limited scope of anti-discriminatory legislation
Policy memorandums on fragile States, multilateral aid and civil society organizations have also been published in the spirit of this modern Development Cooperation 2.0 in order to increase the openness, policy coherence for development and synergy in the Dutch development programme.
Well begun, half done.
49. Ms. Khalil (Egypt), speaking also on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, expressed great concern that the sponsors were attempting once again to impose their position on capital punishment -- a position her delegation did not share -- in a General Assembly resolution.
The Administration informed the Board that the policy directive document had been promulgated on 14 February 2007.
2. She called once again upon States to implement without delay the recommendations of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, and welcomed in that regard the leading role played by the United Nations, which had designated the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) as the “spearhead” in the advancement of women; her delegation also noted with satisfaction the role played by the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (INSTRAW), other United Nations bodies and non-governmental organizations.
 The military forces and their civilian supporters use rape as a means to punish and intimidate women for their real or perceived political beliefs or those of their relatives, and in order to instil terror in the population, especially those believed to support the return of President Aristide.
Folders cannot be dropped or pasted as solution items. Choose an individual document instead.
7. The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
He emphasized that the legal basis of the right to peace had been established in Article 2.3 and 2.4 of the Charter.
Automated external defibrillatorc Pulse oximeter (portable)c
Women in business by continent
Accession: Ukraine (18 November 1999)*
19. Also in the context of its consideration of the general status and operation of the Convention, the Meeting noted the Director of the GICHD report on the activities of the Implementation Support Unit (ISU), contained in annex VII to this report.
There is not any boat son on the lake.
Objective : To research the relationship between sleep apnea syndrome ( SAS ) and heart brain organ disorders.
They will also provide the contracting authority with a useful tool for comparison and evaluation of proposals.
Initiatives on the part of media professionals to establish independent and voluntary professional associations should also be encouraged, in particular with regard to developing methods and systems of voluntary self-regulation such as codes of ethics for the profession, training programmes which address the rights and responsibilities of the media and the Government, as well as monitoring the implementation of the right to freedom of expression and freedom of the media in accordance with international standards.
Höchheim
For two weeks my resentment continued to build
Samaritan Community Center Secours populaire libanais
It doesn't matter much whether we go together or separately.
Wasps have gone berserk and are attacking Bee Land.
Following Ms. Cropper's remarks Mr. Andreas Carlgren, Minister for the Environment of Sweden, made a welcoming statement on behalf of the host Government.
I: Why did you leave your last position
With the rapid development of science and technology, many problems about linear discrete systems are studied and one of them is to distinguish stability of systems.
13 March 2001
It was down more than 2 per cent at 11,573 at midday.
He pisses off and says what nonsense of you gossiping like this.
Why is the most important thinking in adult society done by men?
Optional Protocol and Amendment to article 20, paragraph 1
Total reduction: $881,800
He went sailing and did not show up for a long time.
Proposal from Algeria, Benin, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, China, Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, El Salvador, Gambia, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritius, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Nigeria, Pakistan, Rwanda, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Togo, Uganda, United Republic of Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe for an amendment to the Kyoto Protocol.
" he asked.
Optimism is a good characteristic, but if carried to an excess it becomes foolishness. . She accepted a throughout examination at the hospital.
Commentators have expressed concern that some employers may seek to avoid paying MPF by compelling their employees to work on consultancy terms: that is, to become officially selfemployed.
Among social flats and other social dwellings, 1581 or 55.6% were flats with one, two, three, or more rooms, and 1261 or 44.3% were single rooms.
It means that when we encounter something in nature that is complicated or mysterious, such as the flagellum of a bacteria or the light made by a firefly, we dont have to shrug our shoulders in bewilderment.
Should an "Agenda Africa 2002" be a priority for Rio + 10?
For the rivers call and the roads call and oh!
There were several causes, but Arizona's Wallow Fire was a major contributor.
(b) To take all necessary measures to put an end to violations of these rights and to create the conditions to prevent such violations, including by ensuring that relevant national legislation complies with their international human rights obligations and is effectively implemented;
Further strengthening UNCTAD's research and analysis will involve a multi-point strategy aimed at sharpening its policy-orientation, with greater attention to the implications of a resurgent South for development, international economic cooperation and systemic issues.
Actions to support participatory communication and the free flow of information and knowledge
"Do you suppose I could get more up at the Broadway?
Expert groups were commonly invited to attend meetings of other expert groups and this practice was expected to be continued in the future.
SAINT LUCIA
The draft resolution entitled "UNIDO and the post-2015 United Nations development agenda negotiations", as amended, was adopted for recommendation to the plenary.
Mozambique
the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic 348. FAFICS submitted a conference room paper regarding the situation of former participants in the Fund from the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic under "Other business".
In this connection, it should be kept in mind that the Court, as a court of justice and, moreover, the principal judicial organ of the United Nations, occupies a special position.
We could not properly begin a pleasure excursion on Sunday.
I no longer think about it, I am.
President F. W. de Klerk, ANC President Nelson Mandela and IFP leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi took part in the observance of Peace Day by addressing thousands of people, urging them to put an end to violence.
Later : Ms. Groux (Vice-Chairperson) (Switzerland)
UNICEF undertook to reconcile those discrepancies and had yet to report to the Board on the results of that exercise.
3. At its 35th meeting, on 18 December, the Committee had before it its draft programme of work for the sixty-third session of the General Assembly (A/C.2/62/L.62), which had been submitted by the Chairperson on the basis of consultations held with the Bureau of the Committee.
 "Further recalling that the Platform for Action needs to be implemented through the work of all of the organizations and bodies of the United Nations system as an integral part of system-wide programming,
Case 20, Chabaane ben Mohamed ben Mohamed al-Trabelsi (Status: delisted)
Guinean Football Federation
During the visit, it was found that at least one shop in the capital was selling Spanish periodicals left behind in aeroplanes.
The nine subprogrammes are focused on thematic or sectoral priorities that are key to the transformation of Africa, as follows: Macroeconomic policy; Regional integration and trade; Innovations, technologies and management of Africa's natural resources; Statistics; Capacity development; Gender and women in development; Subregional activities for development; Development planning and administration; and Social development policy.
The new packaging of the porcelain is in Chinese national style and suitable for display in supermarkets.
Potatoes are grown in the ground and have a higher pesticide absorption level than almost any other food product
 1986 to date - Member of the Nigerian delegation to the Forty-second session of the United Nations General Assembly;
These institutions all offer high-caliber instruction and uniquely valuable experiences to their students.
Canada
Why is it that the sexual ideal and the average body aren't the same?
The lobby and hallways always smells like delicious flowers.
Marcus: I hate this place. I need a drastic career change.
The range of rights that could be protected had been expanded by incorporating the international treaties in the list of guarantees that could be claimed, and the remedy had been extended to include not only the acts of the authorities, but also their omissions.
The HKO's experimental long range forecast for 2002 is that there is a 60% chance that the annual rainfall will be near normal.There is also a 60% chance that the number of tropical cyclones affecting Hong Kong will be 5 to 6, slightly less than the normal of 6 to 7".
The teacher and writer is coming here tomorrow.
Notwithstanding the urban-rural divide at the country level, the overall standard of nutrition in the region, as measured in caloric intake per capita, is approaching that of developed countries.
33. Adolescents who are sexually exploited, including in prostitution and pornography, are exposed to significant health risks, including STDs, HIV/AIDS, unwanted pregnancies, unsafe abortions, violence and psychological distress.
4. On 13 April 1993, the Secretary-General also drew the attention of all Member States to paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 47/70 F.
I'm not guessing,I really know 493
Moving forward
1. Meeting statistics of United Nations organs ... 14 - 25 3
107. Finally, the Special Representative encourages defenders and other interested actors to fully explore the "promotional" aspect of the right to protest by collecting and disseminating achievements and lessons learned on the implementation of the right to protest.
Pogonichthys
The Working Group had held seven meetings and its report, which appeared as annex A to the Commission's report, summarized and highlighted particular aspects of the Commission's work on the topic.
He could joyfully have spent all his waking hours upon any one of his pursuits.
The Nova Scotia Advisory Council on the Status of Women actively supported the development and sustainability of the Centre and has participated in several joint projects and initiatives to foster new research on women's health issues and to promote policy uptake. Nova Scotia's senior's Pharmacare program
27. The prevailing security situation in South Sudan impeded the planned implementation of major engineering projects in Malakal and had a negative impact on the mission's ability to transport construction material to Gok Machar and to the Anthony airstrip.
Cuba was concerned that it had not been possible to end all the country mandates established on a discriminatory and selective basis and reaffirmed the importance that the Council's special procedures should respect the principles of objectivity and impartiality, as well as the Code of Conduct.
Does that mean the student is stupid and is doomed to work in dead-end minimum wage jobs for the rest of his or her life?
Puyang County
2. Follow-up to the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, relating to the preparation of a report proposing options on an effective sustainable development financing strategy to facilitate the mobilization of resources and their effective use in achieving sustainable development objectives [item 3]
Para. 13: Bring its legislation on abortion into line with the provisions of the Covenant; take steps to help women avoid unwanted pregnancies so that they do not need to resort to illegal or unsafe abortions which may endanger their lives, or seek abortions abroad; avoid penalizing medical professionals in the conduct of their professional duties (arts. 6 and 7).
Currently, donor reporting is also undertaken in United States dollars (GC.9/Dec.15).
A study of Zhang Ailing's short stories.
You're saying that they never fired at the shooter.
A domed beehive made of twisted straw.
This could mean that the Prosecutor's projected completion date of 2004 for investigations would have to be amended.
Thanks to this cooperation, the Working Group was able to conduct official missions in 2004 to Latvia, Belarus and China.
the commitment - in Germany and worldwide - to the protection of the right to freedom of religion and belief for the individual and against religious intolerance and discrimination based on religion or belief,
It became a tradition for the men to give the ones they admired handwritten messages of affection, containing Valentine's name.
list(): Returns an array of strings naming the files and directories in the directory denoted by this abstract pathname .
“It’s time to rebuild Michigan, and we are not letting them take your jobs out of Michigan any more,” he told cheering crowds in Detroit in 2016.
 The floor might be reduced, but there was no reason to lower the ceiling.
At the 3rd meeting, on 12 December, a representative of the Executive Secretary provided a preliminary evaluation of the administrative and budgetary implications of conclusions adopted during the session.
Earlier this week, Indian police briefly blocked the marchers and ordered them not to leave Kangra district.
Three prisoners escaped from a jail.
One can stand on this yard-wide strip of salty desert and sense the two superorganisms on either side, fidgeting in their separate lives.
(a Air travel and daily subsistence allowance for: 5 participants (United Nations)
Pursue every opportunity for durable solutions, in particular,
They can't even take care of themselves.
On 27 March and 14-15 May 2001, the Commissioners and representatives of the parties held informal meetings in The Hague to discuss procedural matters.
 87. To promote [equitable] the provision of services in human settlements, Governments at the appropriate level, including local authorities, should:
Reaching these goals will draw not only on the extremely limited resources from the State budget earmarked for education, but also on additional sources of funding, including funding from foreign investment at an average level of US$ 1.7 million per year.
(a) Delivery of dwellings contracted for by the sector, through the housing and urban development services (Serviu), progressive dwellings (Serviu) and basic dwellings (Serviu);
American college basketball navigational boxes by team
Party A can confirm and arrange the payment once Party B issues the invoice.
Their length, which has often been criticized, appears necessary in light of the highly technical and complex nature of the issues raised.
Al-Haq Alliance for Arab Women
The Panel stressed the importance of exploring the innovative use of passenger data in order to share information more effectively.
It was noted that the discipline had evolved from theories that drive information dissemination and behaviour change approaches to principles and conceptual frameworks that guide more dialogue-oriented and participatory processes, facilitate community empowerment and social change and strengthen enabling media and communication environments in order to highlight diverse voices and opinions.
She is in her earliest twenties.
Yesterday I saw dolphins in the aquarium in the park.
The Republic of Belarus supports the inalienable right of all States to define their own development models.
The neighbours are talking about it.Why, nothing, answered Mrs. Gerhardt, in the same language.
11. Palestine had worked within the constraints imposed by the decades-long occupation to protect children.
French kiss
● Donor administrations and, in particular, the number of officers responsible for mine action, have been reduced over the years.
These negotiations will clearly be difficult and complex.
ISGN International South Group Network TDB/EX(16)
His hair was gray and he was short and fat.
Fonzo, West Virginia
On 22 March 1990, CRC-Evans received a purchase order from SCOP dated 1 March 1990 for the manufacture, supply and delivery of pipeline equipment at a price of USD 2,252,000 ("purchase order No. 3994").
(b) To consider more generally the issues and areas for action deserving priority in the work of the High Commissioner and OHCHR in the area of human rights and biotechnology (being limited to the issues relating to human genomics).
72. Mehadrin is one of Israel's largest agricultural companies.
In February, reports received by UNIOSIL indicated that over 600 girls between 2 and 15 years of age were reportedly initiated into the Bondo Society, a female secret society, and subjected to female genital mutilation in Bo District, Southern Province.
The exercise revealed that 83 per cent of the decisions made during the years 2004 to 2006 were implemented and cases were closed.
She talked of her family, her mother's death a year ago, and a failed marriage.
Risk of torture upon return to the country of origin
The official explained that he had just had bad news from a fortune- teller.
I wish to refer to the letter addressed to you by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Palestinian Observer Mission, dated 23 April 1999, concerning Palestinian Authority (PA) activity in the Orient House in Jerusalem (A/53/923-S/1999/474).
Singapore possesses two SWFs – Temasek-Holdings, with capital assets of roughly $100 billion, and the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation, with approximately $330 billion.
Another State highlighted the need for assistance in drafting new legislation that would provide the relevant financial disclosure department with the powers to verify information submitted in asset declarations.
60/2 Policies and programmes involving youth
 29. Lastly, the sub-item on the senior posts structure of the Department of Administration and Management under agenda item 123 should be considered in July 1994 or at the forty-ninth session, instead of in June 1994, as currently proposed.
(ii) In new paragraphs (c) and (d), add "and impact" after "The number"
This critical situation warrants the international community's attention and action, including by the Security Council, to preserve calm, to bring an end to these illegal and destructive practices by the Government of Israel and its settlers against the Palestinian people and to preserve the small opportunity remaining for realizing peace and stability in accordance with the two-State solution on the basis of the pre-1967 borders.
The increased range of air temperature presenting obvious unsymmetrical variation was higher in daytime than that at night.
The Mission appears to have assumed the cost of hiring and managing a large number of local personnel.
68. Complainants frequently request preventive protection, particularly in cases concerning imminent expulsion or extradition, and invoke in this connection article 3 of the Convention.
You were not to be released until I had come to see you.
The authors complain that the proposed removal of the parents from Australia to Indonesia would constitute a violation of articles 17, 23, paragraph 1, and 24, paragraph 1, of the Covenant by the State party.
Malawi had developed a national export strategy, to be expanded under a new manufacturing policy that aimed to rejuvenate industrialization, in the implementation of which it hoped to count on UNIDO support.
Sport in Uzbekistan by sport
Critical stages are all stages of a criminal proceeding at which the advice of a lawyer is necessary to ensure the right of the accused to a fair trial or at which the absence of counsel might impair the preparation or presentation of a defence;
3. As I indicated in my concurring opinion in the case of Atasoy and Sarkut v. Turkey, decisions have hitherto been limited to conscientious objection to performing compulsory military service, which the Committee has declared to be in violation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
:: National Programme for a Life Without Violence 2002-2006.
Within the European Union, Belgium has participated actively in drawing up and implementing the European Union's action plan and strategy on combating radicalization and recruitment, at both the national and international levels.
B Maybe you should look for a new job and start a new career.
UNDP expects that many of the disputed charges will be resolved with the agencies, and adjustments will be reflected in the year-end reconciliation of the agencies operating fund and current accounts.
The ordinang form of Hamiltonian in the system of explicit time-dependence is given.
Cities in South Korea
Uranium hexafluoride
(a) Improved capacity of Latin American and Caribbean countries to participate effectively in global and regional trade flows and value chains by formulating and implementing trade policies and export development strategies
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted by 31 in favour, 11 against, with 5 abstentions.
Togo has also sent more women to participate in peacekeeping missions abroad.
24. It is proposed that the councils be provided with US$ 500,000 to $750,000 as a grant over a three-year period for preparatory activities.
Action at the national level is a pivotal link in the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
Each maternal death during pregnancy, labour or the postnatal period (up to the 42nd day since the end of pregnancy) must be reported to the voivodeship consultant on midwifery and gynaecology as well as to the institutions that took over the duties of voivodeship public health centres.
In 2004, Chinese delegation attended the 60th Session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, the Substantive Session of the United Nations Economic and Social Council, and the Third Committee Meeting of the 59th Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
58. Mr. Roshdy (Egypt) drew attention to rule 89 of the rules of procedure and requested that the vote on the draft resolution should be carried out in accordance with that rule.
4. The report also addresses the institutional efforts aimed at strengthening the relationship between the United Nations and IPU, the world organization of parliaments, as called upon by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/47.
Note by the secretariat
Mr. Wei said the earthquake's intensity is the'fundamental reason'for school collapses.
 12. Beyond fostering a stable and secure environment, the multinational force continues to assist the Government of Haiti in restoring functional, democratic governance throughout the country.
In this paper, the irreducible tensor basis method in group representation theory is studied further.
My leg , it was a little sore and a little heavy, but I was able to get through it , so I definitely turned the corner.
For us South Africans, we simply wish to thank the Secretary-General and the Members of the Assembly, particularly the NonAligned Movement and the other groups that have spoken this morning, for having faith in one of us.
In its decision of 30 September 2008, the Provincial High Court notes that the records of the inquiry make reference to the existence of family members of the deceased and give the names of his parents, Malan and Fatou; they also state that the CEAR/SUR legal aid office had located a sister, a brother-in-law and a cousin.
2.1 Mr Edward WONG reported that the Working Group on Fishing Permit had discussed on the request of villagers from Sam A and Lai Chi Wo for issuing fishing permits in marine parks. As the deadline for application was over, the working group decided not to accede their requests.
The Heads of State and Government directed Liberian faction leaders to return the arms and ammunition seized from ECOMOG and to release to the United Nations and other organizations the vehicles and other property looted from them.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
On the side, fixed asset urban investment has leapt 30 per cent from a year earlier.
2.16 Non-post resources in the amount of $339,900, at the maintenance level, will provide for temporary assistance and overtime requirements related to the technical secretariat support servicing of meetings of the General Assembly and its General and Main Committees that are serviced by the Department and for the printing of official records and supplements of the Assembly in the six official languages of the United Nations.
The European Union would publish a new strategy on diet and exercise before the end of the year and submit the document to public consultation with the food industry, anti-obesity activists and others to shape a final plan by the end of 2006, Mr Kyprianou said
As this website was highly successful, different language versions including Arabic (2003), Chinese (2003), Portuguese (2004) and Spanish (2005) were added.
There is an opening on the roof, and it slips inside
The global trend in policing is moving towards intelligence-led policing, for which it is essential that the United Nations adopt a model and managerial philosophy in which data analysis and criminal intelligence are pivotal to achieving objectives within the decision-making framework.
While reiterating that, rather than being only retributory, penitentiary systems should seek the reformation and social rehabilitation of prisoners, the Committee notes that States may themselves choose the modalities for ensuring that treatment of prisoners, including any work or service normally required of them, is essentially directed at these aims.
A. Focus on vulnerabilities of least developed countries
Environment
The Constitution provides for dual citizenship.
An additional threat to the security of the FRY and broader region is the connection between terrorism in Kosovo and Metohija and in Southern Serbia and organized crime in the trade in narcotics, explosives, arms, ammunition and white slaves, as shown by the results of activities undertaken by the Ministry.
(c) Expert consultations on the various constitutive dimensions of governance statistics, as well as user consultations with ministries or other entities responsible for the governance agenda at the national, regional and international levels;
" On 15 August of the same year, Japan d surrender.On the occasion the chief officer for accepting the surrender proclaimed on behalf of the Chinese government that from that day forward Taiwan and the Penghu Archipelago had again been incorporated formally into the territory of China and that the territory, people, and administration had now been placed under the sovereignty of China.
In April 2006, SWD launched the New Dawn Project which was a trial employment assistance programme specially designed to help single parents and child carers on CSSA whose youngest child was aged 12 to 14.
She cannot sleep well in a strange bed
70. The Director of INSTRAW, Ms. Eleni Stamiris, welcomed all participants to headquarters of INSTRAW and to the twentieth session of the Board of Trustees, during which new developments concerning the future of INSTRAW were going to be discussed.
Not so long ago, global brands meant monobrands (think Big Mac).
Raising environmental awareness
16 E
In 2004, an estimated 1,350 square kilometres were suspected to be mined, with mines found in 14 of the 21 counties of Croatia.
and Products Sales 2013 budget
(c) Visas: The Government of Sudan reiterated its commitment to continue facilitating the issuance and processing of visa requests as agreed previously with UNAMID.
Also, notice that the wizard generates 100% COBOL without any proprietary code, subroutines, or any other framework.
History of Xiangtan
Consequently, the Government of Grenada wishes to reiterate its concern over the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against its sister Caribbean nation, and is disturbed over the tendency towards implementing measures aimed at tightening the embargo.
Well, I believe in regular exercise, enough sleep, and moderation, you know.
During the month, the situation in Kosovo continued to deteriorate.
Following consultations with the above-mentioned Committee, I wish to inform you that I have appointed the following four experts:
Travellers in remote parts, from Poland to Peru, come home with stories of bread, shelter, even beds shared without question with the stranger on the peasant principle that "A guest in the house is God in the house".
(d) The capacity-building process itself.
These variations in law and practice relating to marriage have wideranging consequences for women, invariably restricting their rights to equal status and responsibility within marriage.
32. The practice of States varies on this point.
(a) How to choose and structure the standards for common safeguards: there is a vast range of potential negative social and environmental impacts across the various areas of the work performed by the United Nations.
Dust was here before the witches of the air,the Egyptians of the water, The bears of the ice.
I had a good night's sleep, a walk in the fresh air this morning, a good breakfast, and I feel like I can get a whole lot accomplished today!.
The Trial Chambers have permitted change of defence counsel only upon a demonstration of exceptional circumstance.
He also called for "an exhaustive, strict and rigorous investigation" of the facility by the IAEA.
I now give the floor to Ambassador Omar Hilale of Morocco.
Hawthorn leaves, flowers and berries have been used for generations by herbalists as a cardiovascular tonic.
Recompense for these expenses could be obtained through a garnishee of income from future activities, thus making the polluter pay, but on an incremental basis and without affecting the continuation of the operation.
i like not the look of her.
42. The Every Woman Every Child movement is a major catalyst for the mobilization and intensification of national and international actions to improve the health of women and children globally, aiming to save 16 million lives by 2015 in the 49 poorest countries.
 6. The three Vice-Chairmen being unavailable for the second session, the Ad Hoc Committee, at the 2nd meeting of its second session, elected three new Vice-Chairmen as follows:
It appreciates the opportunity to renew its dialogue with the State party and expresses its gratitude for the open and frank dialogue with the high-level delegation, which comprised numerous experts in areas related to the Convention, and for the extensive and detailed oral and written responses to both the list of issues and the questions posed orally by Committee members.
Noting with appreciation the work carried out by all relevant organs, bodies, entities, organizations, agencies, funds, programmes and mechanisms of the United Nations system, within their respective mandates, by relevant regional organizations and by civil society, including non-governmental organizations, to promote and protect the rights of the child and to end violence against children,
31% were in ICT and services;
Where this is a new concept which needs to be widely understood, it is important to create and strengthen consumer organizations, which can usefully contribute to consumer information, improve transparency and often draw the attention of competition authorities to anti-competitive practices.
Court Management Section
While countries in the region have grown marginally richer over the past decade, benefits have not necessarily been equally distributed.
Terms of reference for establishing guidelines on baselines and monitoring methodologies
16. A certificate of sponsorship issued by the sponsoring State must be attached with this application.
Recalling also paragraph 1 of Article 2 and Articles 17, 18, 97 and 100 of the Charter,
For example, per capita consumption of water increases from 3.2 cubic metres in Japan, where the income of the top 10 per cent of the population is 4.5 times greater than that of the bottom 10 per cent, to 6.8 cubic metres in the United States of America, where the ratio is 16.
35. He had noted with concern that levels of ODA continued to decrease, and urged donor States to honour their commitments unconditionally.
Sir Alex is a confirmed admirer of Pardew and believes his opposite number can take much credit for the Magpies' current healthy position.
If they pass the decision back to the State to make, they must be able to hold the assets in a suspense account pending a reply.
Snake : Are you one of the Cobras?
First Committee
I believe this is the single best course out there on how to find your passion and create a sustainable lifestyle business based on that passion.
(ii) The conformity of expenses and commitments with the budgets, appropriations or other financial provisions decided upon by the Executive Board; and
Outline of amendments to the Penal Code:
The duty to receive the updated and accurate assessment of the level of threat posed by the offender before reaching certain decisions relevant to his/her matter (such as sentencing, considering a parole or a pardon etc.).
The activities include: (a) strengthening the ability of countries, in particular developing countries, to integrate climate change responses into national development processes; (b) minimizing environmental threats to human well-being from the environmental causes and consequences of existing and potential natural and man-made disasters; (c) ensuring that countries utilize the ecosystem approach to enhance human well-being; (d) ensuring that environmental governance at the country, regional and global levels is strengthened to address agreed environmental priorities; (e) minimizing the impact of harmful substances and hazardous waste on the environment and human beings; and (f) ensuring natural resources are produced, processed and consumed in a more environmentally sustainable way, in which environmental impact is decoupled from economic growth and social co-benefits are optimized.
Thank you for being here today, and thank you to the organizers for giving me the opportunity to tackle such an important topic: the right to reparations.
He had been a success with girls and women in his own class; but he had never loved any of them, while he did love her, and besides, she was not merely of another class.
Legal, regulatory, financial and compliance issues, which include alleged harassment and discrimination, vary from 8 per cent to 9 per cent.
A. Information Support for various programmes is often dependent upon the nature of the information available.
He called upon workers to occupy their factories and mount resistance.
24. At the 48th meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Austria, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, the Congo, Costa Rica, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo” (A/C.3/53/L.47).
At the seminar several non—governmental organizations, as well as the representative of the United States of America, urged caution with regard to restricting the use of anonymity on the Internet.
I've always had a real soft spot for him.
Information for participants
39. Reaffirms that the Secretariat shall, after publication but within three working days after a name is added to the Al-Qaida Sanctions List, notify the Permanent Mission of the state or states where the individual or entity is believed to be located and, in the case of individuals, the state of which the person is a national (to the extent this information is known), requests the Secretariat to publish on the Committee's website all relevant publicly releasable information, including the narrative summary of reasons for listing, immediately after a name is added to the Al-Qaida Sanctions List, and requests the Secretary-General to make all list entries and narrative summaries of reasons for listing available in all official languages of the United Nations in a timely and accurate manner, and notes the unique circumstances of this request, which is for the purpose of harmonizing this Committee's translation procedures of issuing lists and narrative summaries with those of other United Nations Security Council sanctions committees;
President of the Governing Council
women who have children under the age of one and a half are transferred to another job when the work they are doing is contraindicated for a breast-feeding mother or does not accommodate a feeding regimen, until the child reaches the age of one and a half, with their average monthly wage remaining that of the previous job.
122. Further decides that the Standing Committee shall perform any other functions that may be assigned to it by the Conference of the Parties;
Provide cash income
In fact, monetary inflation via credit expansion is the source of our present trouble.
Since the adoption of the Set of Multilaterally Agreed Equitable Principles and Rules for the Control of Restrictive Business Practices by the United Nations General Assembly in its resolution 35/63 (December 1980), UNCTAD has played a key role in assisting developing countries in the establishment of their competition regimes.
20. The sustainable development goals and post-2015 development agenda must not sidetrack efforts to achieve the MDGs by 2015.
Using nonlinear and nonequilibrium theory a single commodity price system model with dissipative structure characteristics was established.
He a savage grab for the knife.
Musa insularimontana
Cakes have layers
The study links the growing grip of Islam to the state's failure to promote integration.
30 November 2004
Also on 1 February, the German Foreign Minister had announced during his visit to Ramallah that Germany had upgraded the Palestinian diplomatic representation in Berlin from a delegation to a mission headed by an ambassador.
of the United Nations
Invitation letters were widely distributed throughout the Network.
Because of its focus on development assistance and poverty alleviation, UNDP supports electoral assistance as a primary means for all citizens -- especially the poor, women and other disadvantaged sectors of society -- to participate in and influence government policy and practice.
In that regard, Member States had made clear that resources saved should be made available for development activities.
Are any of the following measures, procedures or legislation in place to account for, secure or otherwise protect NW and Related Materials?
In Eritrea alone, close to 60 per cent of the population requires food assistance and the maternal malnutrition rate of 53 per cent is among the highest in the world.
This detailed information came only  gradually to hand.
Make sure the responsibilities of the groups in the department and coordinate their work.
51. ILO research shows a clear link in Asian countries between forced labour and longstanding patterns of discrimination.
All conference rooms, council chambers and the plenary hall may be reached from the Delegates' Entrance in the General Assembly building. Information for delegations
Why is tort law alone an ineffective way to control pollution?
(Increase in centrally backed-up data volume)
As each number is called out, you cross it out on your list.
Frequent gyrations in our national direction demoralize the Foreign Service.
52,560 joint patrol United Nations police officer-days with DIS officers (2 United Nations police officers per patrol x 4 patrols per day/stations x 18 stations/ posts x 365 days)
26. Several participants shared the idea that legally enforceable measures at the national and international levels are needed to counter incitement to racial hatred through the Internet.
Rapporteur Judge, General Directorate of International law and Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Justice
Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that the post would be used to provide administrative support.
I've been vegan since 1997, so I've been eating this way for most of my adult life (or at least I dreamt it that way).
UN Transition Mission in Haiti (UNTMIH)
Develop method for improved efficiency assessment in the largest country offices
International staff: No change
Some will already suspect that virus means depression and some may have discussed it behind your back, but I doubt if they've done so with much gusto: ambitious City people tend mainly to be interested in themselves
It must also work with African countries to create employment opportunities for the unemployed and must widen the scope of external debt relief.
In Goz Beida the mission met with the Governor and non-governmental organizations, visited the refugee camp of Djabal and the internally displaced persons camp of Goroukoun, and met with the population.
The meeting rose at 5.30 p.m.
Matters relating to Article 3.14 of the Kyoto Protocol.
I don't always think that a comparison to European social democracies is valuable in establishing the alternative pole of a "regulatory state" in such conversations.
Table 12.16 Resource requirements: subprogramme 3
The undertakings in respect of the Slovak language, the mother language of roughly 200,000 Czech citizens, apply in the whole territory of the Czech Republic.
ENSURING THE FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF ARTICLE 4
7. Specifically, the Strategic Goods (Control) Act enables Singapore to implement the sanctions in paragraphs 9 and 10 of resolution 1970 (2011) by controlling the export, re-export, trans-shipment and transit of items covered by those paragraphs to the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya through its territory.
I do not consider the announcement to be the end of the road, not by any stretch of the imagination.
Palestinian territories occupied since 1967
Wednesday, 8 July 2009
Regulation 19
(b) Third synthesis report on technology needs identified by Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
2. The Council also decided to request the Bureau, in consultation with the Committee of Permanent Representatives and with the support of the Executive Director, and taking into account the outcome of the consultations held in accordance with paragraph 1 of this decision, to decide on the date and place of the seventh special session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum.
2011/24 UNICEF Financial Regulations and Rules
Peace in the Middle East is contingent upon justice, balance and honesty in negotiating and addressing the needs of peoples.
Statements were made by the observer for Palestine and the Chairman of the Committee.
The education of persons with disabilities shall be directed to:
Comprehensive statistical analysis of the financing of operational activities for development of the United Nations system for 2006
And it thrust its beak into the piece of grass, to refresh itself a little.
First Fun Day for Judges and Judiciary Staff (05-03-2000)
This ad was atknown by thousands of parents and young girls.
We all wish to have this kind of friendship, but it's of great difficulty for the ordinary people to be as devoted as they were.
He has a strange influence over the girl.
A sound knowledge base allows the formulation of management plans which are specific on the local, national, subregional and basin-wide levels and is also a basis for action programmes.
Eritrea cannot use its own excuses, real or imagined, to justify aggression against its neighbours, the blatant acts of destabilization it has been undertaking throughout the region, or the role it continues to play by supporting extremist elements in Somalia.
As the number, actually, of women in need has grown, the investment has declined.
CRC/C/8/Add.2 and 17
(b) Violence against children, including sexual violence, which is widespread and widely accepted in the State party;
The renewable energy potential of small island developing States varies greatly.
Adolescents Reproductive Health, Ministry of Health and General Women Unions, 1997-2000
The footstep of an intruder breaks the foil or wire and an alarm is activated.
5. An amount of $2,000 per month is provided to cover costs of commercial communications, including long-distance calls, facsimile charges and rental charges for cellular and satellite phones.
10:00 to 13:00 Closed meeting Conference Room 10
The Council will hear an oral update from the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Leila Zerrougui ,and have before it a note by the secretariat (A/HRC/24/35).
43rd round- July 1987- June 1988 56th round - July 2000 - June 2001
Where new Regulations are inserted, successive Regulations within the same Article will consequently be renumbered.
Take time to wander among Kazan Cathedral's semi circle of enormous brown columns.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
The proposal to start yet another, perhaps "shorter", drafting exercise after having spent four months on the present one not only lacks any sincerity, but also would be futile, since the first one was also conceived as a short statement but turned into a drawn-out, complicated process because of the attempts of the Greek Cypriot side to overload the draft with issues of substance that should be discussed at the negotiating table.
Target 2008-2009: 25 per cent
For the purposes of the mechanism, each State is required to create a National Coordination Centre (NCC) that collates information from its various border-control and law-enforcement bodies to create a coherent national picture.
Employers would be well advised to get ahead of the trend and increase communication with employees to address grievances.
Administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
Collect relevant data and establish a national chemical database
Policy coherence at the international level.
Our future is their monument.
In the event that the financial support they receive from their family in Kinshasa does not suffice to allow them to continue a proper course of treatment, the complainant may seek repatriation aid from the Federal Office for Migration, as well as assistance on an individual basis to help him cover the cost of medical care for a reasonable period of time.
Once completed, the UNHCR revised guidelines should be followed up.
You ought to (should) be patient and keep calm lest you should quarrel with him.
The secretary told me no man would hassle her boss.
82. Effective constitutions for gender equality and non-discrimination provide clarity in a hierarchy of competing laws, legal provisions which establish compliance with universal standards of human rights, and coherence throughout national legal frameworks.
54. There is a general understanding that the principles underlying the concept of prior informed consent provide a broad framework that sheds light on and should inform policy analysis and formulation.
I was mad and Stupid and I was trying to prove something.
Every thing will be new tomorrow.
In the debate that followed there was a broad consensus among the Member States on issues concerning the United Nations peacekeeping mechanisms.
“I thought a lot about what you said, and this morning I told her how much I loved her... and loved being married to her.
At the close of the meeting, the following communiqué was issued by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 55 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Council:
The hat will guard your face against the sun.
Sorry. We're sold out right now. Please come back next week.
luck, combined  a massive fiscal stimulus, may yet help the government to achieve its growth target of 8% in 2009
The analysis of the replies to the questionnaire, when finalized, will provide a good indication as to the nature of legal requirements which may hamper the international development of electronic commerce.
7.5 With regard to the author, the Committee notes the anguish and distress caused by the successive disappearance of his two brothers Idriss and Juma Aboufaied.
Unlike with the active technology, a rapid changeover in ongoing operations is not conceivable here.
He associated daily with bad company, and was soon past all sense of shame.
I knew that unhappy gentleman a little, too.
Analysis and valuation Dutch Agro provided a copy of a document dated 17 July 1990, issued by the Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland N.V., requesting the Commercial Bank of Kuwait S.A.K. to issue to KISR, on behalf of Dutch Agro, the performance bond attached to the request.
8377 Elmerreese
Harvey's letter continued, "Since that incident, Gloria and I have stopped seeing each other.
Statement submitted by Oxfam Great Britain, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Under this option, companies would be required to pay into a jointly administered account, involving the Government of Eritrea and an international supervisory body that could approve the distribution of such funds for specifically earmarked purposes.
(c) Creating a fully functional police training college in East Timor, with a graduating class of 40 cadets, less than ten months after formation of UNTAET;
Catastrophe bonds.
Provided the following additional information to be added: In India, eighteen workers were accidentally poisoned with endosulfan during spraying.
Much to one's enjoyment, these tales feature kings and princesses.
In the 2011 elections 61 women were elected as members of Parliament (26,5%), which represents an improvement from previous years except for 2009: 63 in 2009 (27,4%) , 49 in 2005, 45 in 2002, 40 in 1999, 28 in 1995, and 20 in 1991.
Contents
This paper, applying the theory of push-pull, analyzes the reasons that the ethnic minority of Dongxiang migrating on a large scale to Xinjiang after 1949. Meanwhile it puts forth its own views of applying this theory in terms of its content and framework and indicate the important role politics has in large-scale spontaneous migration such as this.
The African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights, ratified on 6 January 1992
But then it would've given you your fortune and glory.
where to hear the whirr of a wild duck in his rapid flight is joy;
Chap. IV, para. 16
34. Mr. Hao Bin (China), deploring the late issuance of the report of the International Civil Service Commission (A/59/30, vols.
He turned from the wall and descended the stone steps leading to the inner courtyard. " Where? "
ITU, Council
Aside from current work under the Project to Promote ILO Policy on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples to raise awareness of these instruments and their relevance for the peoples concerned, and work by other projects and programmes of the ILO to mainstream indigenous issues within the framework of other ILO instruments, the ILO Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations has made reference to the situation of indigenous and tribal peoples within the context of other relevant Conventions, inter alia, Convention (No. 111) concerning Discrimination (Employment and Occupation), 1957, Convention (No. 100) concerning Equal Remuneration for Men and Women Workers for Work of Equal Value, 1951, Convention (No. 29) concerning Forced or Compulsory Labour, 1930 and Convention (No. 105) concerning the Abolition of Forced Labour, 1957.
Based on the results of the regular valuation and after consideration of further relevant indicators and calculations, the Committee of Actuaries and the consulting actuary were of the opinion that the present contribution rate of 23.7 per cent of pensionable remuneration was sufficient to meet the benefit requirements under the plan, and would be reviewed at the time of the next actuarial valuation, as at 31 December 2013.
Open-outcry trading is supposed to be a quaint, outdated practice, rapidly being replaced by sleeker, cheaper electronic systems.
Volcker's own status as Andersen's prospective leader is in question after the collapse of settlement talks with the Justice Department last week.
You are thinking of your dress, and of the Giver of all good- so glorious is it to wander on the green rampart!
(c) Often decision- and policy-makers in charge of implementation of the conventions belong to the same government ministry or government ministries dealing with closely related portfolios; a pragmatic synergy initiative highlighting intersections among convention objectives could shed light on their deliberations and contribute to cost-effective and more efficient ways to achieve convention and sustainable development objectives at the national and local levels;
When considering whether a particular offence falls within the scope of this Convention, they shall take into account (a) the seriousness of the offence, (b) the involvement of a criminal organization in committing the offence and (c) the transnational effect of the offence.
I urge the affected States in the Gulf of Guinea to continue to pursue their efforts to address this most worrisome phenomenon promptly and effectively.
Residents of Beijing are checking their wardrobes for sweaters, while those in Shanghai are still enjoying warm evenings.
I was going light, but I knew the forests here and felt comfortable with my abilities.
The fiber morphology and pulping properties of narrow - crown Poplar Aigeiros 11 at different ages were studied.
Sure, plenty of consumers now are easing back on spending, thanks to sticker shock at the grocery store and gas station.
The chance may never come again.
There is also guidance in kidnapping and guerrilla warfare.
so the king of Assyria will lead away the captives of Egypt and the exiles of Cush, young and old, naked and barefoot with buttocks uncovered, to the shame of Egypt.
This child has the gift of drawing .
"On that day," declares the Lord, "There will be the sound of a cry from the Fish Gate, A wail from the Second Quarter, And a loud crash from the hills.
149. The Panel has taken particular note of the following two incidents:
Instead, we might have returned for the split country once again.
We might try it, he suggested
 I will not dwell on the question of the need for the enlargement of the Council, since this is already a consensual view.
As already discussed, it is commonly agreed that victim assistance should be part of national health systems.
He's in love only with himself.
7. Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee.
The Conference, held for the first time in conjunction with the sixth meeting of the Permanent Committee on Geographic Information System Infrastructure for Asia and the Pacific, was attended by 200 representatives and observers of 33 countries and territories1 and 8 non-governmental and international scientific organizations.2 The Conference elected the representative of Malaysia as President.
147. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of logistical support for AMISOM and other immediate activities related to a future United Nations peacekeeping operation are:
Slade not only wrote such classic plays as Same Time Next Year but he was also the creator of the T. V. show The Partridge Family.
Has financial services liberalization led to an increase in international trade, growth and development?
Option 1: A UNIFEM-specific criteria and methodology for allocation of core resources
For they would not walk in His ways, Nor were they obedient to His law.
Sorry to bother you, Mrs. Henderson, but I'd like to ask you some questions.
Regrettably, the Special Rapporteur has ignored previous substantiated comments and replies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and has been influenced and predisposed by insinuations and sources, such as past reports, that are mostly unreliable and without verification, in violation of the code of conduct for mandate holders of the special procedures of Human Rights Council.
Wow, what a nice muffler!
Orders, decorations, and medals of Mexico
Well, my head office says the best we can do is to accept 60 days L/C.
In future main strategies on development of Jinchang city industrial clusters; Focus on cultivating competitive and special industry clusters;
Countries in North America, Europe and Asia adopted national plans.
Stressing the urgency of bringing a complete end to the Israeli occupation that began in 1967 and thus an end to the violation of the human rights of the Palestinian people, and of allowing for the realization of their inalienable human rights, including their right to self-determination and their independent State,
The clearly stated goal is "zero immigration".
a See para.
The UCD in Manila had one of the highest-yield programmes.
His poor handwriting can not be read by himself.
An Ideal Home & An Analysis of the Creation for the Office Building of the SIP
155.66 Increase efforts and adopt all the necessary measures for the fight against discrimination in all its forms, particularly against minorities, and among them the most vulnerable children and women (Nicaragua);
Spread, damage and control methods of Brontispa longissima
There's nothing you can do that would be this embarrassing.
Pursuant to article 67, part 3, of the Criminal Code, Mr. Khuseynov's aggregate sentence was the death penalty.
This accounts for the widespread success outside of the United States, especially in places like Italy, Japan, and Costa Rica, where culture has embraced a different style of cooking.Dan Buettner
Chairperson of the Meeting of the Military Experts on MOTAPM
97. UNJSPF further explained that since 2005 annual evaluations had been conducted by the Committee of Actuaries (a committee of seven actuaries) and that, in its evaluation in 2005, the Committee had noted that the Fund presented many practical and technical challenges.
The capital and major commercial centre, Kingston , is situated on the southeast coast .
In July 2012, the Committee reviewed 12 individuals (8 individuals from the previous review and 4 new individuals), 3 of whom were delisted.
371. Following a review of the "Design Manual: Barrier Free Access 1997" as mentioned in paragraph 302 of Part II of the Initial Report, Buildings Department's "Design Manual: Barrier Free Access 2008", which sets out the revised design requirements for the provision of access and facilities to persons with disabilities, came into operation on 1 December 2008.
As the Office has noted, these actions represent a failure by the Syrian regime to guarantee its citizens' right to life, food, water, health and shelter and constitute flagrant violations of the Syrian regime's legal responsibilities, as defined by international humanitarian and human rights law.
So if I used hatred to pay back the hatred, I am widening the social crack.
(ii) Effective 1 July 2008 and 1 July 2009, increases were made in copayment, co-insurance and deductible provisions for the United Nations Headquarters medical plans to update those provisions.
We found out that he was exceedingly fond of fishing.
Coca Cola is considered to be rich in sugar
Detailed processing to create a good learning and working environment to bring you touch of cozy!
The President (spoke in Russian): I thank the distinguished Ambassador of Brazil.
Foundation Extension 1
Having regard to the contents of the letter dated 24 August 1998 from the Acting Permanent Representatives of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of the United States of America to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (S/1998/795),
9. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Resource mobilization
Due to a typographical error, instead of claiming DEM 75,355, Lurgi claimed an amount of DEM 73,355.
Personal harm offences
14. In New Delhi, UNESCO has raised awareness among decision makers of the educational needs of tribal youth, notably of quality education in the officially recognized languages of India.
Illustration: ah-tsui
 Steps should be taken to institute effective recourse procedures for victims of police abuse and detained persons.
153. Since the first report on the topic was submitted to the Commission, the question of the basis of unilateral acts, that is, what makes them binding, has come up for discussion on a number of occasions, but there has been no unanimity of opinion on the matter.
Article 9 In addition to the Chinese language, Portuguese may also be used as an official language by the executive authorities, legislature and judiciary of the Macao Special Administrative Region.
Other matters
AI requested that legislation aimed at controlling irregular migration does not effectively deny or prevent migrants from accessing other international human rights, including access to education, health care and an effective remedy or redress for human rights violations.
On Combine Reform with Management in Library.
"The Commission acknowledges relevant Security Council and other United Nations resolutions.
The withholding of such a large proportion of the Organization's budget could seriously damage the United Nations and its ability to carry out its mandates.
Under the sway of Big Oil and Big Coal, Trump announced his intention to withdraw the US from the Paris climate agreement.
An even more beautiful future is beckoning us on.
She reaffirmed UNDP commitment to continue sharpening capacity to help countries reach their development goals, engaging in a wide range of partnerships, and promoting system-wide coherence in the United Nations system.
The unsatisfaction with job was caused by failing to satisfied with both low-level needs and high-level needs. 3.
If, however, the hypothesis was confirmed, his delegation would concur that specific guidelines need not be included, although some problems might remain, such as how to distinguish between reservations and interpretative declarations.
In your joyous wellness, when others begin to ask questions, you may find you respond in a new way.
(c) Increased number of activities carried out and measures taken in contribution to the effective implementation of the Millennium Development Goals
78. Indonesia expressed appreciation for the steps taken to protect migrant and domestic workers and to protect and enhance women's rights and participation in public, political and social life.
136.166. Comply with resolutions that different organs of the United Nations have adopted in relation to the conflict and occupation in Palestine (Nicaragua);
It has been entrusted with drawing up a road map to ensure a successful transitional period in a consensus-based and harmonious atmosphere.
Forthcoming other activities
 Projects are designed without reference to women's economic, domestic or community responsibilities and have focused on providing for the needs of the presumed male head of household, virtually ignoring, a priori, the large number of women who head or maintain households.
bodily form idea: The person with faulty bodily form should learn to foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses with dress especially.
Don't tear her performance apart so unkindly as you did last time, even if it is bad; it could destroy her.
34. The Commission approved the substance of draft article 3 and referred the text to the drafting group.
(a) To continue soliciting voluntary donations and contributions from Member States and other potential individual donors or foundations to renovate conference rooms identified for that purpose;
That the United Nations Convention against Corruption, to which there are already 141 States parties, is the greatest step forward to date in international anticorruption legislation because it encourages the taking of preventive measures, provides for criminalization and for application of the law, and promotes international cooperation and technical assistance, especially in the recovery of assets, which are resources that States cannot allocate to social investment;
A national policy on gender equity and equality is being prepared by the Institute for Women and Children (IMC), in partnership with the National Research Institute, with technical and financial support from the United Nations.
Global Mechanism 83 - 86 17
Chair: Mr. Apakan (Turkey)
We had all the windows shuttered before we left.
Increase in the total number of trained and deployed police officers in the Gali sector (2005/06:100; 2006/07: 200; 2007/08: 230)
A civil airport may apply for an airport operating licence if it meets the following conditions and has been checked and accepted as qualified according to State regulations:
In condemning those acts of aggression, his delegation reiterated that the choice of the kind of information that the Cuban people wished to receive was a sovereign decision of his country and not of the United States Government.
Some employers arrange company get-togethers in their home or at a local restaurant. American companies have at least one major function annually, usually at Christmas time.
He asked if the granting of intellectual property rights, for example breeders' rights by developing countries, would contribute to the realization of the right to food and requested examples of how intellectual property rights had limited farmers' rights to save, exchange or sell seeds.
A short distance from the Great Hall of the People, where we are meeting right now, is the world-renowned Imperial Palace.
Furthermore, the lack of a common policy or strategy on support to indigenous peoples (in the context of the commitments stipulated by the Paris Declaration and the Accra Agenda) could possibly undermine the value of individual donor policies regarding support to indigenous peoples.
A. Mandate and planned results
Baker McKenzie
The smaller ones, however, do not have such potential, and will therefore have to be more reliant on imports to meet the material demands of the tourism sector.
 "The Security Council welcomes the fact that United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) personnel have now obtained access to Maglaj.
(c) Scale up farmer-based management of natural resources, livestock and other productive activities (FAO, WFP, IFAD);
2008-2009: 8 meetings
71. OIOS concluded that the uncertainties could result in overexpenditure of the approved capital master plan budget.
OAS Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza echoed the call.
Office of the General Counsel
7 November 1989-
The plant is now in danger of extinction.
(iii) Adversely affect sustainable development;
 There was a proposal that reference be made to General Assembly resolution 92 (I) entitled "Official seal and emblem of the United Nations".
At least three people are dead after a severe storm hit the Midwest.
40. With regard to the Centre for Human Rights, the Office had stated that vacancies at the intermediate managerial level had continued to be offered internally and that the skill profile remained uneven.
Zhang Xiaoyu
In relation to loss of the property, it has correspondence which shows that it was attempting to ship the goods from Kuwait to Dubai during the period of May to July 1990.
As a result, during the first part of the year, when external conditions were generally favourable for the region, with positive terms of trade and abundant financial flows, the focus was on containing inflationary pressures and avoiding significant currency appreciation.
Analysts believe that this is mainly the gradual deployment of NATO military forces near Russia's western border response.
Sixty-first session
These pellets could burst the decoy balloons that would accompany a swarm of warheads.
The murders committed with conventional arms in the region and subregion account for one of the highest rates of violence in the world, while the illicit trade in arms has become one of the most profitable businesses, in particular in the region.
During that mission, Panel members travelled widely in Darfur, including to Umm Rai, Zalingei, Kulbus and Gereida.
The Appeals Chamber has also rendered six decisions disposing of interlocutory appeals, three decisions concerning post-appeal requests and 70 pre-appeal orders and decisions.
It's cozy, you know?
While the number of applicants is expected to rise, most schools say their number of slots will stay the same.
Agenda item 53 (f)
My Government hopes that the Group of Friends of Haiti, donor countries and Haitian Government officials will succeed in agreeing on a long-term stabilization programme that will facilitate and accelerate the reconstruction and development process of that sisterly country.
It was set up in implementation of Regulation No. 2434/92 and EEC Decision No. 569 of 22 October 1993 to mobilize the public employment services of the 15 member States (and also Norway and Iceland as signatories of the European Economic Area Agreement), together with other regional, national or international operators active in the employment field (i.e. trade union organizations, employers' associations, local and regional authorities).
The class are doing a project on the Roman occupation of Britain.
673
Maybe it is not a movie about the Holocaust but a sophisticated piece of self-mockery.
Upon completion of the works, the trunk sewerage systems will be able to cope with the sewage demand of the increasing population at Au Tau, Kam Tin and Nam Sang Wai.
Article 14.(1) Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
The findings and products of the project could be transferred and applied to other regions, if requested.
Thanks. Susan: How are you and Jake?
Seven trees have been cut down.
The Sustainable Development (SD) programme consists of three subprogrammes: Coordination and Management, Technology, and Adaptation and LDC Support.
Mission factors
These twin sisters are telepathic. They speak together, or complete each others sentences, and move in unison to reject Moon.
39. At the 10th meeting, on 16 March 2007, the Council decided to discuss the followup to its decision 1/106 of 30 June 2006 entitled "Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories"; resolution S1/1 of 6 July 2006 entitled "Human rights situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory"; resolution 2/4 of 27 November 2006 entitled "Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and in the occupied Syrian Golan"; and resolution 3/1 of 8 December 2006 entitled "Human rights situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory: followup to Human Rights Council resolution S1/1" together with the annual report of Mr. John Dugard, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967 (see paragraph 97 below).
3. An automatic hunting rifle inscribed "Sheikh Mubarak Al-Abdalah Al-Ahmad".
The Group of 77 and China would honour the political agreement reached during the Second Committee's informal consultations.
III. ACHIEVEMENTS, BEST PRACTICES, CHALLENGES AND CONSTRAINTS
Amyloplast
(A/59/736/Add.11)
The comma can be used to separate two named elements or nested rules.
(ii) If a solution within the terms of subparagraph (d) is not reached, the Committee shall, in its report, set forth the relevant facts concerning the issue between the States Parties concerned.
He left without paying
But the perception of what were perfectly adequate funding and capital positions last week can change within an hour.
The international community should, while strengthening and improving the international non-proliferation regime, commit themselves to a new security concept centring on mutual trust, mutual benefit, equality and cooperation and create an international environment of cooperation and trust.
Phone +61 2 6274 1622
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest
The Conference recommended to member governments the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organised Crime and its Protocols.
It also calls for support for regional and subregional initiatives relating to this pandemic, in particular the International Partnership against AIDS in Africa; the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) African Development Forum Consensus and Plan of Action; and the Abuja Declaration and Framework for Action.
The Committee also encourages the State party to create such conditions for members of the Roma minority as are conducive for them to identify themselves as such.
I gotta tell you I'm no fool
There must be a concerted effort to realize the commitments made in Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) in line with the recent report of the Secretary-General on women and peace and security (S/2004/814), through urgent implementation of its recommendations, including a United Nations-wide plan of action.
This party is boring.
- In order to maintain and strengthen international peace and security, the international community needs to undertake practical steps leading to nuclear disarmament without delay and, in this regard, every effort should be made to ensure that all States are engaged in this process.
Catholic Institute for International Relations
(closed)
Book store employees say they won't a  sneak  peak at book before its release.
I'm  absent  without leave.
1. As a member of the United Nations, the Republic of Panama is concerned by the use of conventional weapons containing depleted uranium and the ensuing repercussions for human health.
Thursday, 19 November 1998
The international community, through the United Nations, also has the responsibility to assist with the protection of populations from those crimes.
4. Coastal and marine resources
That amount should be provided from as yet unidentified voluntary contributions.
The distribution of income is another important issue.
11. The prevalence rates for some forms of violence are better documented than others, as reported in the above-mentioned in-depth study.
It requested and obtained permanent observer status with the Economic and Social Council, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and a number of bodies of the World Trade Organization at Geneva.
Science and Technology Promotion, Advice and Application for the Achievement of the Millennium Development Goals
The DMFAS Advisory Group meeting had been very useful, and he suggested that a similar group could be set up for the ASYCUDA programme.
The initial text proposed by CEP was noteworthy insofar as it provided for the election of 19 rather than 17 Senators, which implied that CEP had chosen to ignore the controversial election results of April 1997, from which two Lafanmi Lavalas candidates, Yvon Feuillé and Fourel Célestin, had emerged as Senators-elect according to the previous CEP.
I would like to convey our sincere condolences to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Pakistan following the terrible material and human loss that his country has suffered following the floods.
Civilian police component
In this lab, the students will verify configured access-lists on the router.
Centre for Pedagogical Development, Experimentation and Research
The doctor's tone was serious.
The bulk of these workers are employed in the agricultural sector and in own-account or unpaid family work.
Lack of specific legislation, treaties or jurisprudence
The Special Rapporteur underlines the importance of such institutions having sufficient autonomy and resources, as well as investigatory powers and the competency to make recommendations to the Government.
"(c) Providing support in national services assessment and policy reviews;
The pensionable remuneration for staff members who become participants in the Pension Fund shall be set out in appendices A and C to these Rules.
They said using digital equipment was faster, and videotape is much less costly than film.
A statement was made by the facilitator, Mr. Raymond Landveld (Suriname), during which he made an oral correction to draft resolution A/C.2/67/L.56.
General Assembly
(d) Monitoring and assessing current and future trends in the area of weapons of mass destruction with a view to achieving an improved capacity to provide timely and accurate information and analysis.
As indicated previously, programme delivery and the ratio of administrative to programmatic expenses were affected negatively by the impact of change management process.
But in most cases the aggregate risk was only calculated once a day and some figures were not worth the pixels they were made of.
It's like when ice-skaters perform spins , when those skates put their arms enclose to their bodies, they spin faster.
The population living in extreme poverty also diminished, in the same period, from 12.9% to 5.7%.
138. Collection of voluntary resources from donor countries to the Fund of UNDCP increased significantly in 1995, compared with 1993 and 1994, to reach $64 million. Such a welcome improvement in contributions reflects the continued trust and confidence of donor Governments in the work of UNDCP.
This does not mean that Turkey will return to its traditional strategic dependence on the US and its allies, an approach that defined Turkish foreign policy throughout the Cold War and the decade following it.
CEDAW, while noting the elaboration of the draft law on equal rights and equal opportunities, requested that Kazakhstan, inter alia, ensure that the draft law contains a definition of discrimination in line with article 1 of the Convention, encompassing both direct and indirect discrimination, and extending to acts of discrimination by public and private actors; and enacts it speedily.
support activities of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia (EUMC) to build networks for monitoring and information-sharing, including an inventory of foundations, organisations and networks fighting racism in Europe;
The general policy objectives of law relating to intellectual property law include the objectives to prevent unauthorized use of intellectual property and to protect the value of intellectual property and thus to encourage further innovation and creativity.
Demographic contraction on that scale will severely stress Japan’s ability to support an aging population.
63. One of the most relevant cases is Attorney General of the Republic of Botswana v. Unity Dow (1992), where the Botswana High Court ruled that the 1984 Citizenship Act violated the Constitution of Botswana in that it discriminated against women on the basis of sex.
That argument is untenable.
In all but one of the cases followed up subsequently, OHCHR found no evidence to support the army's version that they had either been killed in security force operations with CPN(M) or released.
VI
Notwithstanding these observations, we are satisfied that on current evidence the Court is adequately managing these potential risks and we will continue to monitor progress.
In view of the attention paid by your organization to monitoring, documenting and following up cases of arrest, torture, dismissal from employment, peaceful assembly and associations, the Commission wishes to invite you to come to its headquarters at 12.30 p.m. on Thursday, 20 May 2010, or to mandate whomsoever you may consider appropriate, with a view to hearing your organization's views.
(d) Implementation of activities aimed at raising consumer awareness and gaining broader support from business, industry and other stakeholders;
24. Takes note of the decision of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court at its eleventh session, while recalling that, according to article 112, paragraph 6, of the Rome Statute, the Assembly of States Parties shall meet at the seat of the Court or at United Nations Headquarters, to hold its twelfth session in The Hague, looks forward to the twelfth session, which is to be held from 20 to 28 November 2013, and requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary services and facilities in accordance with the Relationship Agreement and resolution 58/318;
Another observed that the secretariats of those agreements had said that the earliest date that HFCs could be considered under them would be 2016 and that no provisions would enter into force until 2020, by which time HFC production might have tripled.
Both bore languidly the indefinable burden of immaterial pleasures
40. During the First Congress of Women of Timor, held on 14-17 June 2000, approximately 700 women had drawn up a platform for action, partly based on the Peking Platform for Action and aimed at enhancing gender equality; and - reaffirming the principles enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) and the Convention on the Rights of the Child - had called upon East Timor to become a party to those instruments upon achieving independence.
Mikaela: Cam shafts. God, I hate you.
Indeed, as I mentioned, in 1989, it had four items on the agenda, and limited the items to two as of 2000.
Children's rights
Remember you will to adapt it to the circumstances of the game so far.
(b) The package bears the marking "RADIOACTIVE" on an internal surface in such a manner that a warning of the presence of radioactive material is visible on opening the package.
It had repeatedly called for the restoration of the post of director of the centre, which had been vacant since September 1989.
The report would go to the Director-General.
NDIS failed to return some of the receive packets while this driver was halting.
What can we do for the two hours?
It is a criminal offence under the Philippines' Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act of 2003 to hire any person to engage in prostitution or pornography.
Container, lifter, self-propelled
11. Mr. Awad (Egypt) expressed the full support of the Non-Aligned Movement for both the draft text as a whole and the Iranian amendment.
The current levels fell far below that.
With regard to the recommendation 16, the Government wishes to note that the Republic of Korea already extended a standing invitation to all thematic special procedures of the Human Rights Council in March 2008.
States generally had an interest in maintaining the stability of treaty relations.
To be sure, we had shown the right convictions in words, but shamefully, we had failed to act.
Horton: All right, I gotta get this speck up to the top of Mount Nool A.
Television has displaced motion pictures as america's most popular form of entertainment.
352. In the Division for Organizational Development, six months of P-3 level support under general temporary assistance is requested in order to assist in the development of policies to prevent harassment and discrimination, and in order to develop standard procedures for sharing of lessons learned with and raise awareness within the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and all peacekeeping missions on administration of justice matters.
One who came forward was John Newton, a former slave captain turned Anglican priest.
1. The President
Original: English
As highlighted above, large numbers of displaced persons do not receive humanitarian assistance addressing their needs for food, shelter, medical care and sanitation.
(d) Tsenabe (regional trade fairs where the locals can demonstrate their cuisine, hold kabary (special occasion speech) contests, or give performances of Malagasy drama or opera);
Special-purpose fund balance
(Less) UNRWA programme support costs
7. Also at the 23rd meeting, the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers made a presentation and responded to questions and comments made by the representatives of Maldives, the Russian Federation, the United States and the European Union (see A/C.3/67/SR.23).
According to literature this moth is active at night but has no phototatic reaction toward light.
33. There had been serious delays in the commitment of funding to support the reconstruction of Afghanistan, and as a result vital programmes were in serious jeopardy.
The continued fragmentation of financing risks undermining the strengthened implementation that could be obtained through enhanced coordination and cooperation.
Personnel assistanta
But with Beijing so far giving no ground on EU calls for a revaluation of the renminbi or other trade issues, the direct effect of the new forum is likely to be limited.
The Primer is the first manual in a planned series of guidance materials in the field of judicial and legal reform.
Special features relating to terrorism and to the global food situation, including a discussion on food as a human right, were addressed in Issue 4, 2001 in an article entitled "The Security Council, human rights and humanitarian issues" by
13. Norway strongly supports increased transparency with regard to nuclear arsenals.
The General Assembly thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 89.
Facilitation of implementation and ratification
Cosette knew nothing of what was going on in Paris.
The principles of this world beyond terror can be found in the very first sentence of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
3. Engaging in negotiations with parties to conflict
It is of important meaning in that university's moral education seizes the opportunity and meets the challenge in the tide of network age.
They teach that evil shit at Harvard?
We are pleased to note the productive work of the bodies created in accordance with the 1982 Convention: the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea, the International Seabed Authority and the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf.
What sort of shape is he in after shape.
Six hundred thirty-three new cases had been opened in 2005, as compared to 420 in 2004.
Sixty-third session
Will multiple versions of the same application run concurrently, or does a new version supersede an older version?
Support to the disaster risk reduction and food security and agriculture components of this framework included case studies and technical expertise on the use of climate services for early warning, food security analysis, and risk management and financing.
The aim of the working group is to enhance awareness of the national and international context in which economic instruments function, to assist Governments in identifying circumstances and opportunities for the use of economic instruments to achieve national environmental objectives, and to promote their use to achieve the objectives of multilateral environmental agreements.
35. The historian Frederick J. Turner wrote in the 1890's that the agrarian discontent that had been developing steadily in the United States since about 1870 had been precipitated by theclosing of the internal frontier--that isthe depletion of available new land needed for further expansion of the American farming system.
 10. In that connection, another important and promising initiative, in our view, is the establishment of collaboration on economic and environmental projects in the framework of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation and the European Union's Euro-Mediterranean Partnership (EUROMED).
It is blowing a gale.
This one. It is of the best quality and excellently tailored too. You may try it on.
In the second resolution, entitled "Applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, to the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem, and the other occupied Arab territories", the General Assembly reaffirmed that the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War was applicable to the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967; demanded that Israel accept the de jure applicability of the Convention in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied since 1967, and comply scrupulously with the provisions of the Convention; called upon all States parties to the Convention to exert all efforts in order to ensure respect for its provisions by Israel in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967; reiterated the need for speedy implementation of the recommendations contained in its resolutions ES-10/3 to ES-10/7 with regard to ensuring respect by Israel, the occupying Power, for the provisions of the Convention; and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session on the implementation of the resolution (resolution 55/131).
In this case, you will provide a default binding methoda method that takes no parameters.
In the United States, automatic government spending cuts were activated in March 2013.
47. In sum, the agreed changes in members' quota and voting shares are too modest to have a significant impact on how the Fund operates.
The author alleges that he was led through the hall where the victims were sitting on the day of the identification.
"No, but I read all her pieces, and I know a fellow who works in the office where this paper is printed.
4. Requests the Executive Secretaries of the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm Conventions, in consultation with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme and the Director General of the Food and Agriculture Organization, to prepare proposals for the extraordinary meetings referred to in the preceding paragraph on:
(vi) The value of cost savings recommended and amounts recovered (see addendum);
Whether the tie - ups should be judged a success is subject to fierce debate.
Europeans like his own house build scenic suburbs, even in the jungle.
Thematic discussion The Committee continued the second phase of its work, namely thematic discussion on specific subjects and the introduction and consideration of all draft resolutions submitted on all disarmament and related international security agenda items (items 86 to 102).
Tadao Ando
- To promote educational projects linking basic education and vocational training, adjusting them to the needs of women
Review of disciplinary cases related to thefts must also be as expeditious as possible, while ensuring due process.
Objective To summarize experience of intracranial aneurism by direct operation.
FIRST COMMITTEE 13th meeting
A. Sector regulation
The analytical formula for the radius of intermittent zonal fracture process of rock is deduced.
69. Significant gender inequalities persist in women's access to decent work, including the continued and disproportionate representation of women in informal, insecure employment; specific constraints faced by vulnerable groups of women as a result of discrimination and geographic location; and unequal pay for equal work.
The data are to come from two sources: entities that have contracted with the Authority to explore specified areas of the deep seabed for polymetallic nodules, and public and private research institutions.
Park In-kook (Republic of Korea)
240. The Human Rights Unit of successive United Nations missions has also conducted as many as 35 human rights capacity-building programmes for NGOs and the media as well as government agencies at the national and district levels.
Paragraph 1.6
With regard to option 2 (“no such provision”), he reluctantly conceded that that option might in the end have to be adopted.
What dishes would you like?
Democracy will not cure all Pakistan's ills: the democratic decade from the late 1980s was ruinous.
Canada therefore requested that the parties should agree to the full amount of the critical-use nomination as the best route to achieving complete phase-out of methyl bromide use for strawberry runners.
In addition, the Committee would welcome information on the quality of health services for rural women, including reproductive health services and the availability of contraceptives, and on sex education in rural schools.
The sole agency comes under review in six months' time .
It is estimated that by the year 2000, the housing shortage will exceed 5 million units.
These reports can function as useful instruments for assessing the extent to which gender perspectives are taken into consideration in national development policies and plans.
It has also been agreed that UNDP, in collaboration with a consortium of implementing partners, including civil society groups and non-governmental organizations, would be directly responsible for the implementation of the plan to support the development of a constitution led by the Ministries of Constitution and Judicial Affairs and a parliamentary committee.
" You'll find something; there's always plenty of food in the freezer.
Subprogramme 3. Natural disaster reduction
For weeks data on the American economy had been patchy, indicating a spluttering recovery.
It was mutually noted that, in the interest of the future and good-neighbourliness, the two sides should invest greater efforts in building mutual confidence and in resolving outstanding issues of common interest through agreements.
Total (1) and (2)
The first portion contains general information about the upgrade, including location of the upgraded project and time of upgrade .
It is not good for you to take vigorous exercise on an empty stomach.
When I give the order, lock on!
Croatia
Zambia Defence Force personnel on assignments to various peacekeeping operations undergo intensive mine detection during pre-deployment training and these have proven to be reliable in dealing with mines and other ordnance in the mission areas.
abstract: Objective To know the clinical distribution and antibiotics resistance of PDR-AB(Pan-drug resistant acinetobacter baumannii).
a person who comes from a foreign country; someone who does not owe allegiance to your country.
 (b) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Joint Inspection Unit entitled "A review of the specific development needs of small Member States and the responsiveness of the United Nations system to these needs" (A/49/424 and Add.1);
She looked down the glaring red road, cut in deep ruts where cannon wheels and ambulances had gone over it.
Hunt: You heard about Scotland Yard ? Interpol ?  Interstate  Authority ? I can make them all go away.
What I have is a husband who ain't worth a turd!
The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs ramsay paid a ransom of ￡1000.
141. At the same meeting, the representative of Norway orally revised the draft resolution.
Mothra
This terrifies Washington politicians, as the blank check usurps their power.
International Human Rights Instruments
Experts agreed that cooperation and integration among developing countries provided one important element in the response to the crisis.
On 2 November 2007 representatives of Namibia met with the ISU on the margins of an OPCW meeting in The Hague, and said that Namibia had begun the process to join the BWC but that no additional information was available at the current time.
Women, culture and the media
D. Procedure in response to non-submitted and considerably overdue reports
The invention of electricity has helped us in many ways.
Currently, there are nine nursing homes that specifically take care of the elderly with dementia.
"12. Notes the ongoing work of the liaison group of the secretariats and offices of the relevant subsidiary bodies of the Framework Convention, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, and the Convention on Biological Diversity, and encourages cooperation to promote complementarities among the three secretariats while respecting their independent legal status;
Brantas River
(ii) Provide cost and time control information on job progress;
34. A Fur tailor who sells uniforms to the Government of the Sudan armed forces explained that the Janjaweed acquired uniforms, but would often not pay for them.
at www.un.org/News/ossg/conf.htm. Room S-226
 Previously inaccessible areas were opened up for resettlement, bringing new opportunities for the delivery of humanitarian assistance to the most vulnerable groups of the population.
How much does my bill come to altogether?
God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves.
(UNA002-03702) Translation Service, Nairobi
Inefficient use of indexes, or not being able to use indexes at all, slows the queries, and this issue becomes more pronounced as the load on the server and the size of the tables increases.
When are packets processed in an inbound access list?
It was her appearance that helped me passed the Postgraduate Entrance Examination, though she only appeared a few days in my life.
At present, it has 45 youth and student organization group members.
Some member States considered those conferences ineffective and wasteful of resources.
Fallen angel at my feet, whispered voices at my ear.
SUN system
The more general rule was that such lands were divided equally at death among all the children， but still in some instances the eldest son was preferred， in some the youngest.
d Includes credits held in suspense account, totalling $3,119.84 in favour of five States parties.
15.I heard that you're getting married.
The working group focused on how to accord priority to non-governmental organizations from developing countries in the application process to redress the imbalance.
Identical letters dated 13 July 2001 from the Permanent Observer of Palestine to the United Nations addressed to the
There are not many people around in these alcoves in Christmastime.
The egregious allegations of human rights violations which invariably emanate from anti-government elements have found their way into the United Nations reports.
For that very reason it is unlikely either to travel well or to benefit much from tinkering.
The Office of the Prosecutor will communicate to the Registrar the names of those officials that should be designated as the Certifying Officer(s) in areas falling under the authority of the Prosecutor, by virtue of article 42, paragraph 2, of the Rome Statute.
() That's the most important thing
Only children are sometimes spoilt.
Cosmetic surgery clinics in Seoul said they have been booked solid for weeks with appointments made by children for their parents
Eritrea
I am not considering my own satisfaction, and I do not allow such a thing to be said.”
Since 1991, the format of these reviews has changed.
As experience has shown, measures such as the control of small arms and light weapons, including their ammunition, or the demobilization and reintegration of former combatants have become integral parts of effective conflict resolution and post-conflict rehabilitation.
This coincidence represents a unique opportunity to strengthen working arrangements and programme coordination to meet the social, economic and environmental consequences of rapid urbanization.
He shared the Secretary-General’s conviction that such action would provide the only long-term solution to the financial crisis.
Recommendations for government action
This koregeticheaps These corrugated sheets are used to make the roofs of the houses.
2. The other is the undertaking in article 2 (1) "to take steps", which in itself, is not qualified or limited by other considerations.
Under its simplified cover, a truth is ironically pointed out, that is, people are not contented with the already blessing situation
Japan (2014)
Cooperation between national authorities
States parties were encouraged to include in their education and training programmes information on the Treaty, including its Review Conferences and the work of States parties to implement the Treaty.
Another milestone was the Commission's first Arab Economics Forum, held in Beirut on 23 and 24 November 2012, which provided an avenue for researchers, prominent figures and policymakers in the region to develop new innovative macroeconomic policies for inclusive growth in the region.
She lifted the little ice - encased body out the deep - freeze and set it on the floor.
Throughout the 1980s, in many developed countries, Governments were elected on a political platform to reduce both taxes and government expenditures.
Narayanganj District
At the meeting, which was highly constructive, it was decided that the outputs of the evaluation would include a preliminary report to the Statistical Commission at its forty-sixth session, to be submitted by 3 December 2014, followed by the final report to the Commission at its forty-seventh session, due for submission by the end of November 2015.
High modulus and high strength MJ series carbon fibers
Most welcome to eyes are the patches of red and yellow wild flowers which grow healthily among the short brown grass.
It was on his rock , and not on differences of principle that my wishes finally foundered.
(b) Two state ministers have been appointed in the state of South Darfur (one as Deputy Governor, namely Mr. `Abd al-Rahim Adam Abu Risha, head of the peace faction of the Justice and Equality movement (JEM)).
It had emphasized that equality under the Convention meant substantive equality.
The donors were blown away.
We Chinese people are working hard to make our motherland into a powerful country.
13. Considering the low representation of women in municipality councils, judicial bodies and in the security and public order sectors (Paras. 137 to 147, 152, 154 and 155), please provide information on any measures taken or envisaged to increase women's representation in local legislative bodies, in the judiciary and the public order sector, including at high level positions.
British expatriate who works in the capital and wished to remain anonymous, said the economic effects of the unrest are clearly visible.
From its own analysis, the Reserve Bank is persuaded that, on balance, it plays a useful role in limiting overshooting in the market.
Regular participant in the annual debate in the UN General Assembly on Oceans and the Law of the Sea and the drafting of the resolutions relating to this agenda item.
Bibliomania
In this paper, firstly, the typical constraint conditions of orbital design of lunar probe launched from the earth are introduced.
In recent years, the ecological environment of the abandoned pit land in mines has aroused wide attention while the quantity and varieties of the soil animals(haven't) received due attention.
Health
70. In its role as IASC cluster lead for water supply and sanitation, UNICEF will ensure that emergency interventions supported by the cluster agencies conform to national norms and standards as much as possible.
5. Mr. Prica (Bosnia and Herzegovina) reiterated that his country had endeavoured for many years to promote a new international humanitarian order. After thanking the many countries that had contributed towards the preparation of the draft, he welcomed the fact that the resolution had once again been adopted by consensus.
55. Figure 7 shows that the highest risks for NGO/NEX projects are in financial management; record-keeping systems and controls; and the management and use of equipment.
cm088 Lesson  88 You Need a Vacation Shirley: What's the matter, Luke You look stressed out.
In a twist of fate, one of the creations of the forced consolidation in Japan, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, clinched a deal Monday to acquire 21% of Morgan Stanley & Co.
This method provide a new concept for separating similar Pb-Zn mixed ores.
Kouchner said in the meantime, a European Union naval task force would join the U.S. Russian and Indian ships that have been dispatched to the Somali coast to keep shipping lanes open.
The Special Rapporteur believes this development is a matter of grave concern.
Furthermore, the notion of equality in international law has also changed over the past decades, with the conceptual shift from formal equality to substantive equality having an impact on the duties of States parties.
Gunshots were heard outside, and, according to Cable News Network, the terrorists were laying mines around the building's perimeter.
Nobody said that it was a very small pudding for a large family．Nobody even thought it．No Cratchit ever said or thought things like that．
In post-menopausal women hormone replacement therapy can be prescribed according to the benefit ratio to be expected.
Discussions were held with the Government on draft legislation for the institution, which has been functioning without an enabling law.
In view of the delay with which the combined initial report and second and third periodic reports were received, in future the Committee invites the State party to abide by the timetable established in the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the reporting guidelines prepared by the Committee.
Hurstwood ceased talking, and went with Drouet and his friend Sagar Morrison around to the box
Thanks to such active support President Bakiev had announced the completion of the buildings on 28 July, just more than two weeks before the summit.
The sponsors of that draft treaty themselves acknowledge that their proposal is unverifiable.
From his coat sleeves protruded a pair of linen cuffs of the same pattern, fastened with large, gold plate buttons, set with the common yellow agates known as cat's-eyes
In sum, I would suggest that efforts be concentrated on implementing the commitments undertaken and on strengthening our multilateral framework and instruments -- including innovative ones -- so that the required international support reaches Africa in an effective and expeditious manner.
We are a manufacturer and exporter of glassware and 90% of our products are exported to America and Europe.
Seems I'm level pegging with Mr. Powell.
53. According to the Joint Submission 6 (JS6), the use of toxic chemical substances in mining has led to contamination of soil and air in several settlements counting hundreds of dead and many more still suffering from various forms of illnesses.
Dr. Zelda Teplitz, who made a ten-year study of the subject, says, "The sleepwalker is awake in the muscular area, partially asleep in the sensory area.
2008-2009: 7 per cent increase
In accordance with the principles of the Charter, selection of staff members shall be made without distinction as to race, sex or religion.
Militant attacks have cost Shell about a third of its oil and gas production in Nigeria, adding to its problems when, like all large western oil companies, it is struggling to increase output.
Objective of the Organization: To mainstream a gender equality perspective into sustainable and inclusive development strategies of the Latin American and Caribbean countries
Rooney was the talk of the town well before his international success
Thus in 2007, in those fairs out of 9056 persons, 3321 women (36,7%) were provided with jobs.
Because a revolutionary new tool makes life permanently different, and we have trouble imagining change.
"Control agreement" is an agreement in relation to intermediated securities between an account holder, the relevant intermediary and another person, which includes either or both of the following provisions: (a) that the relevant intermediary is not permitted to comply with any instructions given by the account holder in relation to the intermediated securities to which the agreement relates without the consent of that other person; (b) that the relevant intermediary is obliged to comply with any instructions given by that other person in relation to the intermediated securities to which the agreement relates in such circumstances and as to such matters as may be provided by the agreement, without any further consent of the account holder; [Article 1(k)]
 3. Once again urges States that have and continue to apply such laws and measures to take the necessary steps to repeal or invalidate them as soon as possible in accordance with their legal regime;
17. KFOR continued to conduct the high visibility, high profile Operation "Red Knight II" throughout Kosovo.
Mr. Giorgio (Eritrea): I am grateful for the opportunity to make a statement in exercise of the right of reply in connection to the statement made by the distinguished representative of Djibouti.
∙ Country programme in Senegal
See http://www.ifad.org/gbdocs/eb/92/e/EB-2007-92-R-15.pdf.
The world has seldom seen so massive a transfer of resources from poor importing countries to wealthy oil-exporting countries.
Usually close out their best position, left a bad position.
Intercultural education in many schools also covers subjects such as peace and international cooperation.
The Constitutional Court of the Slovak Republic (hereinafter the "Constitutional Court") is the judicial body vested with the protection of constitutionality.
Evolution of the international trading system and of international trade from a development perspective
38. After a review of developments to date, the Co-Chairmen, together with the Chairman of the Working Group, Ambassador Alf Jonsson (Denmark), have decided to proceed as follows:
In 2004, reiterating its concern about the plight of Roma immigrants living in camps, CESCR had urged Italy to step up its efforts to build more permanent housing settlements for the Roma immigrants and take all the necessary measures to promote their integration into local communities, offer them job opportunities and make adequate educational facilities available to their children.
1. Question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) [48].
I enquired at the porters'lodge. A middle - aged man with a kindly face came forward.
Singapore is governed under a constitution of 1959, as amended (
C. Information from the Economic Community of West African States
For that reason it is extremely important to continue encouraging Africa as it seeks to succeed in its work towards peace, development and integration, which it has firmly started.
Honours
In addition, there are quasi-judicial institutions, including arbitration and dispute settlement councils, which settle large volumes of cases.
I can't stand her because she is a high-maintenance woman
Moody Church
Letter dated 3 October 2007 from the Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2007/590).
At its 6843rd meeting, on 9 October 2012, the Council decided to invite the representative of Afghanistan to participate, without vote, in accordance with rule 37 of its provisional rules of procedure, in the discussion of the item entitled "The situation in Afghanistan".
Numbers of organizations
Several organizations report to their legislative or governing bodies on SSC within their overall annual reporting of activities or thematically within agenda items dedicated to economic and technical cooperation.
One Method for Elimination of Tremble in Minimum Sighting Speed of Fight Vehicle
Our company has discussed with tow factories, the following work is not smooth.
Compost made from leaves and other organic material collected from city parks will serve as fertilizer.
For a small number of post-primary schools, that are serving areas of social deprivation, a more intensive period of support has been instigated.
A. Meetings held
The international community recognizes the need to strengthen the international financial system.
It is self-evident that these communications do not cover all the incidents and governmental action in the world that raise concern with regard to freedom of religion or belief.
I bought some diapers from Amazon last Sunday and the Pamper Swaddle NB and 1-2 already arrived today.
Japan is the latest country to say enough is enough.
Taking advantage of new developments in digital technology, the Division plans to provide users with increasingly interactive and less static modes of delivery.
Shot in the head during robbery of office
(j) for impacts where there are no applicable quantitative standards or criteria, whether the report has defined the best practicable mitigation measures that shall be adopted for the project;
Concerned also about the exploitation of new information, communications and commercial technologies by perpetrators of economic fraud and identity-related crime and about the threats that such exploitation poses to commerce and to those technologies and their users,
Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
UNDP
`I don't.
91. Please refer to information in Articles 2-16.
(d) Ensuring greater coherence in the guidance and support delivered to field operations in cross-cutting or interrelated areas of activity also advanced in areas such as: protection of civilians, through the development of tools and training materials related to guidance for military and police components, analysis of protection of civilians coordination mechanisms and further analysis of resources and capabilities for implementing mandates relating to the protection of civilians; implementation of the DPKO-DFS early peacebuilding strategy on how to prioritize and sequence their early peacebuilding tasks; further progress in the dialogue with Member States on deterrence, use of force and operational readiness; the identification and commencement of additional projects for the development of standards and related training for uniformed components; and progress in an evaluation to strengthen the command and control framework for United Nations peacekeeping.
CISG 35 (2) (b)
Note Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Okay,you're an absolute yes for me.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action
As a legendary character in Mid - East, Arafat devoted himself to Palestine liberation cause.
It is so obvious and yet so obscured by the specious reasoning ofspecial interest spokesmen that the printing of another ton of paper money doesnot create new wealth.
One said that the needs of developing countries and countries with economies in transition in that respect could not be met by workshops alone and required more sustained forms of financial assistance.
10:18 And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
he's a banana, brown skin outside, but inside it's all white.
But by night he is, in his unassuming way, a titan of the skies. He hunts supernovae
United States Secretary of Education
They, in turn, trained an additional 2,000 young people.
Those measures may include the possibility of actions available under Article 4, such as ensuring that the supply of carbon tetrachloride that is the subject of noncompliance is ceased so that exporting Parties are not contributing to a continuing situation of noncompliance;
BONN – The hurricanes that pummeled the Caribbean, Texas, and Florida this year left highways submerged, homes and businesses demolished, and lives lost.
Ohio in fiction
26. In formulating its recommendations to the Economic and Social Council, the advisory group would take into account, and seek to advance in a more comprehensive manner, the country, subregional and regional programmes of the organizations of the United Nations system and those of bilateral and multilateral partners, as well as those of national, subregional and regional African and other initiatives and structures.
28. The following comparison between the main part of the fifty-seventh session and that of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly illustrates how the slotting system can lead to a significant improvement in the timely submission of documents.
Thus, not only are Armenian troops not withdrawing from previously occupied Azerbaijani territory, but overt Armenian expansion deep into Azerbaijan is also continuing.
It was indeed a reflection of the flexibility and cooperation of the membership that that step was achieved.
"Recalling that the International Court of Justice is the principal judicial organ of the United Nations, and reaffirming its authority and independence,
9. Welcomes, in this context, the readiness of Member States to provide the Scientific Committee with relevant information on the effects of ionizing radiation in affected areas, and invites the Scientific Committee to analyse and give due consideration to such information, particularly in the light of its own findings;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 6 July 2005, at 10 a.m.
29. Most delegations opposed this view.
And sometimes it is just fun to watch a cartoon panda trying to do kung fu.
Currently, only 32.8 per cent of roster members can be reached by e-mail.
Roon-class cruiser
This came as additional evidence emerged of a slowdown in the housing market, heightening fears that house prices may tumble further.
443. The United States of America welcomed Panama's support for many recommendations and its agreement to take measures to improve prison conditions in accordance with international human rights law.
The Committee was not able to ascertain to what extent the requirements for replacement of office automation equipment in ECE take into account the fact that the Commission is provided with extensive computer-processing, telecommunication, data-storage and other specialized information technology services for which a provision of $1,091,500 is made under grants and contributions.
30. With regard to the issue of the cash component for the oil sector, following comprehensive discussions, on 17 October 2001 the Committee sent a letter to the Executive Director of the Office of the Iraq Programme conveying the Committee's agreement, in principle, with the approach and direction taken by the Secretary-General, as described in the report to the Security Council on the matter (S/2001/566, annex).
Thus, it is proposed to establish a dedicated planning capacity to focus on all strategic planning aspects of the police components of peacekeeping operations.
In a bar, he stopped.
where are you staying
Greece
The next sentence was about true insight coming from within.
The television newscaster's voice dronetheas I filled my suitcase.
One could go on: the US tax code has more crazy kinks than a Broadway performer's hairdo.
On 3 June, the municipal authorities of Deçan/Dečani issued a statement rejecting the implementation of the executive decisions, claiming that they legalized "forceful decisions" taken by Serbia during the Milošević regime in the 1990s.
In the 1990s it had its pick of endorsements from the top Chinese athletes, until the country opened up more to foreign competition.
Yeah, that came after.
Lower number owing to reduction of demining battalion strength from 440 to 200 during 2002/03 not taken into account during the initial assessment
However, additional information needs to be gathered to determine the impact of specific programme components and how best to reach those most in need.
Males retain privileged access to education, employment, and control of economic resources, with more disparities in rural areas.
143. On the regional level, the Northwest Pacific Action Plan celebrated its tenth anniversary with the opening of a co-hosted Regional Coordinating Unit in Toyama, Japan and Busan, Republic of Korea.
A bicycle pump can be used to pump air into a bicycle tyre.
(1/2 x I x V) + I x VI + II x III + II x IV
I would not dare to challenge the sensitivities of Australians about their own history.
Other personnel of the Department of Safety and Security
(g) The Information Technology Services Division continues to provide access to ODS.
Much bigger flashes are usually seen during thunder - storms.
The utmost pressure-point of the tunnel section is deflected due to the influence of the isolation piles so the settlement difference of track is decreased.
Spend less on office expenses  The Consumer Council develops new joint tests with overseas consumer organisations to reduce costs of the test projects.
Objective: To investigate the application of Adenosine Deaminase (ADA) in the identification between benign and malignant Pleural effusion.
Hemingway, awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 1954, lived and worked in Key West during the 1930s.
Generally, zang organs areand also known as " yin organs. "
5 March 2005
Kétbodony
Privacy
Professional and higher
United Nations reform: measures and proposals
The result is a cogent explanation of inflation.
Over 400 military police were introduced to basic human rights concepts during these courses.
The Secretariat therefore requested an extension of the mandate of UNIFIL for a further period of six months.
21. The Chamber for Fisheries Disputes, established in accordance with article 15, paragraph 1, of the Statute, consists of seven members.
He insist on climbing Mr. Tanigawa, though his mother tell him not to.
Photo 4
He smiled, but the implication was that he didn't believe me. ;[34:26.01]5.
The higher number of sites than planned (total 90 sites maintained) is the result of the increased number of formed police unit deployments to the sectors, the co-location of United Nations police and Liberian National Police facilities and the increase in the number of military/formed police unit sites which have been accommodated in hard-wall facilities
It shocked them that she should love him
2. The Second Committee considered the item at its 26th, 27th and 32nd meetings, on 13, 14 November and 7 December 2007.
Obsolescence means the deterioration of product in storage and is not covered by insurance.
It would be better to use the term “trafficking” in order to protect the dignity and best interests of the child.
With regard to substantive law, unlike other international tribunals, which apply either international law or both international law and national law, the Special Tribunal for Lebanon applies Lebanese law to acts of terrorism considered a threat to international peace and security by the Security Council.
During the past decade – particularly since the September 11, 2001, attacks on the United States – Westerners have generally considered international terrorism to be the most urgent threat to human security.
The challenge in the coming years will be to develop and implement inexpensive and easy-to-use MIS for monitoring the quality and quantity of programme performance and impact.
8. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with its requirements;
Recent topics include: nuclear terrorism, security in space, the Chemical Weapons Convention Review Conference and children and security.
B. Disaster preparedness
15. Paragraph 17 of draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.48 was adopted by 161 votes to 2.
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Pakistan (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China); Portugal (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union and Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Montenegro, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey; and Armenia, Moldova and Ukraine); and Bangladesh (on behalf of the Group of the least developed countries) and Serbia (see A/C.2/62/SR.33).
[Open to all permanent missions and permanent observer missions.
Peacekeeping-specific training courses on: leadership, management and administration (120 senior field personnel); generic topics of ethics, management, leadership, integrity awareness and supervisory functions (200 field personnel); and, 24 predeployment courses (700 civilian field personnel)
Speculation has long played a role in the commodities markets, but in recent years it has become much larger.
Secondly, explaining the modes selection of the development finance supporting the SNRC construction Systematically.
Be sad, and you lose them all.
For their part, Africa's development partners should undertake timely and effective delivery of their pledges.
States opposing the adoption of the resolution voiced concern that it could lead to a stifling of freedom of expression or argued that the concept of defamation of religions was inconsistent with human rights law, which protected individuals and not religions or belief systems.
Hey, man, some of us have girlfriends.
Having amended the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants by decision SC5/3 to list technical endosulfan and its related isomers in Annex A to the Convention, the Conference of the Parties decided, by its decision SC-5/4, to undertake a work programme to support the development and deployment of alternatives to endosulfan, as set out in the annex to that decision.
It had also drafted a new environmental protection bill.
How can proposed project activities (box 1) benefit from other ongoing initiatives?
But when it comes to the bottom of the pyramid in the rich world, the gurus lose interest.
An outstanding book that gives newcomers the basics while it provides specific details for anyone who wishes to build a straw bale home.
(a) Put in place an effective coordination system on child policies and programmes, including by ensuring that the NCCM receive sufficient human, technical and financial resources, that it enjoys autonomy and holds a high position with leveraging power in relation to all ministries and other governmental entities at central, provincial and local levels;
International migration of the population
Regional cooperation
I've had ten years' experience of secretarial work.
 Private building contractors are free to build housing on private plots without receiving government subsidies.
I would also like to take this occasion to express our deep gratitude to your distinguished predecessor, Ambassador Ian Soutar, for the leadership and exemplary manner with which he guided our work during its critical phase last year.
It is also a dynamic systematic structure which is characterized by its integrative function and its concrete dynamic structural connections.
Specific information required by the UNFCCC guidelines such as underlying assumptionsin projections and estimates of the effects of measures were often not provided or differed in terms of units used and were not fully documented (see table 11).
The latter were a voluntary set of guidelines for managing environmental and social issues in project financing.
High-level segment: annual ministerial review
(b) Number of inquiries with respect to the work of the Tribunal
 27. Many representatives referred to the steps taken towards closer cooperation between the Division for the Advancement of Women and the Centre for Human Rights, indicated in the report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the World Conference on Human Rights (E/CN.6/1994/11).
Collection (MPPI, 2009b);
At present schools only have to teach pupils about the biology of puberty and reproduction.
I took that as an omen. oh.
Monthly meetings with women's organizations, local government officials, the media and other civil society partners on the evaluation and enhancement of the contribution of women to confidence-building initiatives and on the inclusion of gender perspectives in policy decisions
6.2 The Committee has ascertained, as required by article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol, that the same matter is not being examined under any other international procedure of investigation or settlement.
The following paragraphs deal with the performance of the PCOR in 2011.
Through contextual information, problem resolution is streamlined, and standards and policies can be enforced.
There are many thousands of these weapons, and taking a nuclear weapon apart is very complicated work, and so we are working to accelerate the rate of dismantlements, and I have a chart a little bit later on where I can describe some of the details in the dismantlement effort.
Meanwhile, an IMF mission visited Haiti in order to evaluate the status of the budget deficit and public finances and to devise a strategy to restore equilibrium to the budgetary accounts and control inflation.
18. Also at the same meeting, statements were also made by the representatives of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), as well as the observer for the International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology.
In view of these violations and the stepping-up of Israeli threats to Lebanon and the safety of its territory and its citizens, Lebanon calls upon the Security Council to deter and prevent Israel from such dangerous acts, which pose a threat to international security and peace.
II. Introduction*
For the biennium 2010-2011, the General Assembly took a decision to further reduce the Secretary-General's proposal for alteration and maintenance funding for Headquarters by $10 million under the terms of resolution 64/243.
Recalling the need to enhance the provisions of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation concerning support for capacity-building in developing countries and countries with economies in transition,
International Alliance of Women, International Council of Women, International Movement ATD Fourth World, Zonta International.
The territorial integrity of Azerbaijan is not and cannot be negotiable.
Likewise, it believes that a comprehensive approach to the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in North-East Asia would address realistically and resolve through diplomacy the issue of the nuclear weapons programme on the Korean peninsula.
In this context, we would like to point out that regional cooperation in the western Balkans, as promoted and facilitated by the International Trust Fund, has proved to be an important confidence-building measure among the concerned countries.
More and more rivers, recipient of untreated urban waste discharges, are becoming open sewers and pollution from the indiscriminate use of agrochemical products is often rampant.
On 17 December 1999, an urgent appeal was sent by the Special Rapporteur regarding the arrest on 9 November 1999 of Thongpaseuth Keuakoun, Khamphouvieng Sisa-Ath, SengAloun Phengphanh, Bouavanh Chanhmanivong, Keochay and several other colleagues, teachers and students.
The chairpersons recommended that the report of the Forum be provided to all treaty bodies to stimulate discussion of its recommendations and perhaps form the basis for the elaboration of a joint general comment on minority issues.
The secretariat emphasized that it had no mandate to assess the content of the national reports sent by Parties, and that a report could only be deemed `incomplete', in accordance with the secretariat's understanding of the term, by formally checking whether a question had been answered in the reporting questionnaire sent by the Party.
NNGOFHR noted that the Equality and Anti-Discrimination Ombud should establish a high-profile project that addresses the Travellers' situation and that this could be done in cooperation with the Parliamentary Ombudsman and the Ombudsman for children.
The European Union and its member States was in favour of a strong review mechanism for the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, which should complement existing efforts and should include the exchange of good practice, identification of needs for technical assistance and civil society participation.
He used a credit card or billed another number.
Article 62 "The amount of payment" mentioned in Article 19, paragraph 2 of the Tax Law means cash payments, payment by remittances, and amounts paid by account transfers, as well as amounts in equivalent cash value paid in non-cash assets or rights and interests.
Proven track record of developing, managing, and growing digital businesses, with a particular focus on mobile and online gaming.
Contextual clues can help one to find the meaning.
There will be no end to the vicious circle of escalating violence without a political settlement of the Palestine question.
What do these suggest?
UNDP
It seemed the treat associated with their hard work had more allure, even in the new environment.
The Serial Ultrastructural Observations on Regenerated Hair Cell in the Chicken Cochlea Following Kanamycin Damage
Coptodon ejagham
Mister Loomis believed VOA should report about the war honestly, without censorship from the Administration of President Lyndon Johnson.
Szinpetri
Such clarity should help the Council in assessing progress towards meeting critical peacebuilding-related targets in both countries ahead of its consideration of the nature and pace of the transition of UNMIL and UNIPSIL respectively.
This will be the world's best chance for a breakthrough to address the joint global challenges of development and security.
May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways
Other meetings
Any decision relating to the imposition of a penalty for and offence against Article 15 of this law or the provisions of Chapter VIII of this law with respect to the advertising of drugs, shall be made by the department administering industry and commerce.
(c) The President of the Economic and Social Council, in consultation with all major institutional stakeholders, to focus the annual special high-level meeting on specific issues, within the holistic integrated approach of the Monterrey Consensus, and to report thereon to the Council;
There isn't any student in the classroom.
110. With regard to recommendations 71.15 and 71.18, OHCHR, working in collaboration with the Ministry of Human Rights and Civil Liberties, has carried out various actions involving all relevant parties, including:
Shares of individual exporting countries in the total net exports of
The Working Group also noted that he was arrested in October 2009 immediately after his interview critical of the Syrian authorities to Barada TV.
(4) For some special visits, which have much larger number of journalists with the incoming delegation and specific requirements are raised by the Security Authorities, there could be special arrangement on an ad hoc basis.
That kind of provocation may have hastened the magazine's first, true death in 1988.
D. Results-based-budgeting frameworks
GKN
23. The question of Iraq's response to offers of assistance to its clandestine nuclear programme was addressed again and further information was provided by the Iraqi counterpart to facilitate the identification of the foreign nationals involved in the case in question.
Considering that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set out therein, without distinction of any kind, in particular as to race, colour or national origin,
The remaining country, South Africa, is preparing a GEF project.
Addendum
Noting that since the adoption of the United Nations Guidelines for Consumer Protection by the General Assembly in 1985, there have been radical changes in the marketplace,
Brazil
645. BC Benefits also provides Disability Benefits to assist persons with disabilities in overcoming barriers to independence.
The question before the Working Group was whether, after an initial conviction, each subsequent refusal to obey a summons to perform military service does or does not constitute a new offence capable of giving rise to a fresh conviction.
At the same time there is visible stagnation, and in some cases an increase in the internal inequalities in societies.
But America must stay the course. As Obama’s new administration takes over, the choice is between making some progress, as has occurred in recent years, and facing a nuclear North Korea.
From 20 cm to initial position , for hand storage. Intuitive operation.
That event is of paramount importance to the efforts being made to achieve the objectives established by the Millennium Summit.
73. The peaceful uses of nuclear technology under IAEA safeguards and verification would effectively contribute to the achievement of sustainable development and overcome challenges including hunger, disease, natural resource management, environmental pollution and climate change.
While noting the uncertainties, all Parties found that an increase in temperature, variation of precipitation and air pollution would lead to a proliferation of diseases and increased risk to human health.
--Mark Guy Pearse. Remember that we have no more faith at any time than we have in the hour of trial
Benin
54. Rental of office equipment ($96,000).
In designing the blueprint, four considerations need to be taken into account:
In response to that call, the annual Inter-Agency Meeting prepared a list of agencies as recommended in the Plan of Action of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as well as other initiatives of similar scope and content.
Beckmann rearrangement
Let us therefore grant this issue utmost priority.
... flat head cold - flow model, countersunk head cold - flow model primary drawing mould, pole - shorten model, etc.
109. The Committee welcomed the numerous initiatives and projects implemented by the Government since 2005 to promote women's employment, with a particular emphasis on the fight against stereotypes regarding the role of women in the society and at work, through media campaigns, workshops, seminars and conferences.
Ishikaki Station
4. The consolidation of space activities in the Islamic Republic of Iran is considered to be a vital necessity.
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2005/5.
There is no call for you to worry over his affairs.
Several speakers noted that too large a manual might defeat its purpose, and that including particular treaties in full might not be as effective as extracting and addressing particular provisions.
Even where more favourable trading conditions have prevailed, the accumulation of reserves as an insurance against future shocks has diverted resources away from productive investments that could have helped address poverty and social deficits; that problem has been intensified where reserve accumulation has depended on borrowing the funds on international capital markets.
Wang Jianbin, an undergraduate studying law, says students stopped posting political content on the boards several years ago, long before they were removed.
France considers it important for the object and purpose of the treaty to be determined not only by the wording of the treaty, but also by its "general thrust".
Article 13. Where a registered trademark is to be used in respect of other goods of the same class, a new application for registration shall be filed.
The inauguration of the centre in western Asia to be established in Jordan is also expected to take place in 2001.
 The share of the private sector in total employment now ranges from some 36 per cent in Bulgaria to some 60 per cent in Poland.
In effect it recognizes two things. First that the current arrangements affecting Dependent Territories need modernization. And second, it recognizes that the circumstances of each Dependent Territory require individual consideration and that tailor-made formulae for each territory are necessary.
Early this year, H-P introduced its Deskjet D2545, an ink-jet printer that is made of 83% recycled plastics.While the industry has made advancements, its still far from perfect.
If you do not have the time, your priorities are out of whack.
The United Nations should continue to play a leading role in this area.
He tinkers with old radios a hobby.
There continues to be a view that portrays the poor as citizens with claims, consumers without money, problems or criminals.
4.4 The State party concludes that there were well-founded reasons for holding the author administratively responsible under paragraph 5.3 of the Presidential Decree.
Innovative development is not possible without poverty eradication in the Russian Federation.
Accordingly, this factual element cannot, in and of itself, be considered a criterion for defining the general concept of an "official", irrespective of whether it applies to any of the persons included in this category.
Table 3.
Natural rubber
The lower number of flights was due to: (a) the change in the policy on troop movement to a yearly basis and the subsequent increased baggage space and weight allotment per person, which made many planned troop movements unfeasible on the MD-83 aircraft; and (b) the cancellation of the MD-83 contract in February 2014, which substantially reduced the Centre's capability to undertake troop movement flights as planned
(Signed) Dan Stanley
So I'm in a directing class right now.
Cyprus established the Rehabilitation Council in the Ministry of Labour and Social Insurance, the central body for disability issues.
3. During these informal debates, there were two broad approaches in dealing with agenda item 6.
Other observers: International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat), World Bank
Some new research from Harvard pulls back this veneer, showing just how powerful a role psychology plays in pricing deals.
Tunisia
Article 7 Parties to an administrative suit shall have equal legal positions.
11. Please provide statistics, if available, on trafficking of women and girls and of the number engaged in prostitution, including their involvement in sex tourism.
While the basic measurement for income and consumption is still at the household level and several researches in the country tried to observe poverty incidences among male and female headed household (i.e. Family Income and Expenditure Survey), data have proven to be inconclusive and prone to error since there are still problems in the defining household heads in surveys.
None the less, confidence-building measures among the several parties and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), such as family visits to prisoners or the repatriation of refugees, had had a positive effect.
8. Notwithstanding paragraph 15 of resolution 1343 (2001), decides that rough diamonds controlled by the Government of Liberia through the Certificate of Origin regime shall be exempt from the measures imposed by paragraph 6 of resolution 1343 (2001) when the Committee has reported to the Council, taking into account expert advice obtained through the Secretary-General, that an effective and internationally verifiable regime is ready to become fully operational;
Working Group on the Right to Development
but might shatter all his strenuous efforts to improve America's standing with the Arabs.
7 October 2010
A system diagram representing a particular operational condition.
Total for the top-level schools
Article 49 Parents or other guardians of minors shall provide the necessary conditions for their minor children or other minors under their guardianship to receive education.
On 9 October, during consultations of the whole, the Council was briefed by the representative of South Africa, Dumisani Shadrack Kumalo, in his capacity as Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 751 (1992), on the work of the Monitoring Group on Somalia, in accordance with paragraph 3 (h) of its resolution 1811 (2008).
The question now is whether experimentally forced horizontal gene transfer is a fair comparison to that in nature.
The General Assembly,
The work was left / remained undone.
Although the “Chairman's perception” paper was not perfect, it seemed to reflect a near—consensus and should therefore be annexed to the report of the working group.
31. That said, the Working Group believes that in this particular case, the period of detention, due to the circumstances above mentioned, does not amount to violations of international standards of a fair trial such as to confer on the deprivation of liberty an arbitrary character.
The judges are depicted as a lovely boy and a cute girl, and the court's image is a cartoon unicorn.
He believed that all phenomena, including man and animals, consist exclusively of particles of matter.
Let them all assemble themselves, let them stand up, let them tremble, let them together be put to shame
In 1998 Tibet's import and export volume reached 936 million yuan.
3. UNCDF has held preliminary discussions with several foundations about their potential support to UNCDF.
(a) Profits (dividends) earned by enterprises in China;
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics
9. On a positive note, ECLAC noted that Governments had increased the levels of public social expenditures, which had contributed to alleviating somewhat the special needs of the poor and most vulnerable groups.
The CTC would be content to know what steps Romania proposes taking to regulate alternative money transfer agencies to ensure that they are not used as means to transfer funds for terrorist purposes.
I told sylvia about miguel and laguerta.
4.7 The State party challenges the complainant's statements about her political activities after 1992.
5. Organizations and groups whose activities across external borders are designed to stir up international conflicts.
1. Paragraph 1, draft decision I, under “Special consultative status”
(c) International Strategy for Disaster Reduction;
Voters also have a gut instinct – usually, though not always, correct – that parties of the traditional left will tax and spend more, and that those of the right will do the opposite.
Good, returned Jondrette.
Ms. LAVERY (United Kingdom) said that she could go along with that proposal.
(a) Perceptible progress towards the development of knowledge-based economies in ESCWA member countries, substantiated by the formulation and implementation of pertinent policies and strategies
UNCTAD began work in 2004 on a new technical assistance project, budgeted at $80,000, to assist the Palestinian Investment Promotion Agency (PIPA) in implementing an Investment Retention Programme, aimed at providing investment support services to existing enterprises in coping with and surviving the present crisis.
I asked for permission to install my tracking script on their site to track the whereabouts of the bots.
Well, well, well. What's all the excitement about?
Another matter for concern was the fact that UNRWA staff did not receive hazard pay despite the difficult conditions under which they were working. It was to be hoped that they could receive this benefit on an equal footing with other United Nations officials.
The head teacher told the school at assembly.
on whose behalf a bank account is maintained (i.e. beneficial owners)- When the account is opened, financial institutions and intermediaries are required to determine whether the client is acting on behalf of a third party, and obtain information on the third party (name, address, occupation).
5. Intellectual and other intangible property
21. At 1100 hours, an armed terrorist group detonated an explosive device beside the Musa Bin Nusair mosque in the Sabil quarter, injuring three civilians.
later: Ms. DAES (Greece)
;[41:10.50]Tracy: I'm glad to hear that
The security supervisor handed in his resignation over safety issues in the past few months.
Is there an elevator
 "10. Adoption of the report of the Commission on its third session."
IAEA Database on Illicit Trafficking of Nuclear Materials and other Radioactive Sources
"Recalling its resolutions 55/186 of 20 December 2000 and 56/181 of 21 December 2001, both entitled `Towards a strengthened and stable international financial architecture responsive to the priorities of growth and development, especially in developing countries, and to the promotion of economic and social equity', as well as its resolution 57/241 of 20 December 2002,
Cambodia
It has also established a literacy fund in all public schools, for which local authorities must annually earmark at least 1 per cent of their expenditures for schools.
304. Statements in connection with the draft resolution were made by the representatives of Egypt and Slovenia (on behalf of States members of the European Union that are members of the Council).
It was natural on that golden evening that I should jump at the idea of a social paradise.
There is no equality of arms if, for instance, only the prosecutor, but not the defendant, is allowed to appeal a certain decision.
Popular culture includes short courses in vocational training: women usually choose baking, sewing (molas) and dressmaking, and cooking.
The statement of Secretary Rice in Jenin attested to the fact that the Palestinian Authority had lived up to its obligations with regard to the road map, but Israel had not reciprocated with regard to the settlements and checkpoints.
$64 million
The Acting President (spoke in Spanish): The Assembly will now take action on draft resolution A/63/L.67*, entitled "International cooperation and coordination for the human and ecological rehabilitation and economic development of the Semipalatinsk region of Kazakhstan".
She also suffered bouts of paranoia during which she worried that the pregnancy would result in miscarriage and later that her kids would be kidnapped.
Therefore, the medical treatment organizations must make use of appropriate price competition strategies in order to acquire the competition ability.
The examination of this submission was included in the provisional agenda of the nineteenth session of the Commission.
The problem has assumed such proportions as to undermine the effectiveness of the Organization as a whole.
71. The proposed project is developed in response to this invitation.
10. JS4 recommended that a standing invitation be extended to the United Nations Special Procedures.
Now people besides follows previous best way outside, has been a happy New Year and telephone etiquette telegraph paid etc.
(v) combined maps of abundance and grade of polymetallic nodules;
During the same period, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic reported that, with regard to the newly reported case concerning the Indian national, the Government is continuing its inquiry and will inform the Working Group as soon as possible on the circumstances of his disappearance.
(e) Field offices.
Slaughter contends that this means that companies will need to re-examine their corporate social responsibility programmes.
219. The value of project portfolios acquired in 2001 from United Nations organizations that are not traditional users of UNOPS services grew from $155 million in 2000 to $242 million in 2001.
While recognizing that the primary responsibility for the development of the least developed countries lay with the countries themselves, some delegations stressed that development partners should continue providing them with assistance.
8. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to report regularly to the Council on the implementation of the mandate of BINUB and the progress regarding the benchmarks contained in the addendum to his report dated 21 June 2006 (S/2006/429/Add.1), and to keep the Council informed of the progress towards the eventual transition from the integrated office to a primarily development-focused engagement;
A few countries, for example, have introduced independent remuneration review boards to guide the Government in decisions concerning salaries of top officials in government based on well-defined criteria.
25. Paragraphs 24 to 27. Despite some successes in the rationalization and streamlining of its agenda, in particular as concerns the clustering, biennialization, triennialization or even quadrennialization of some agenda items, the General Assembly has not achieved a reduction of its overall workload over the last three sessions.
Saint Francis Receiving the Stigmata
Those activities will include compiling information relevant to capacity-building opportunities and the facilitation of capacity-building also among practitioners and end-users.
7. In its related report (A/67/770), the Advisory Committee highlighted the need to absorb all the lessons learned from prior experience and to adopt a pragmatic, practical and realistic course of action for implementing the recommendations issued by the Board of Auditors.
What a tribute to his ability not to flinch in the face of storm and stress!
40. The United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking facilitated by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), carries out a number of activities in the following areas: advocacy to help raise awareness of human trafficking; increase knowledge on human trafficking to feed into global, regional and national policymaking; coordination among international organizations and innovative public-private partnerships; and capacity development of stakeholders.
Atorvastatin can restrain the hyperplasia of vascular endothelial it can prevent the disease process of atherosclerosis at the same time.
G. Presentation by the State concerned of the follow-up to the previous review.
44. Ms. Richardson (New Zealand) said that, while her delegation did not necessarily endorse the report of the Special Rapporteur, it was not uncommon to take note of a report in order to accommodate divergent opinions.
:: Ordinance on the Notification of Communicable Human Diseases of 13 January 1999 (Notification Ordinance; SR 818.141.1)
The Committee had before it draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.32 submitted by the Vice-Chairman following informal consulta-tions.
From 11:30 to 13:00, in Conference Room C.
The resulting unencumbered balance of $559,116 gross ($666,216 net) represents, in gross terms, 3 per cent of the amount appropriated.
I begin to like them at that age.
80. In many non-OECD countries, chemicals management relies mainly on resources from bilateral donors and multilateral funds such as GEF and the SAICM Quick Start Programme for enabling activities.
Succor started right away.
20 March 2007
Circulation soared as the public could get enough of the banner headlines and abundant illustrations.
Similar attention must also be paid to this issue by the Organization of American States and subregional multilateral organs;
Unfortunately, the situation did not appear to have improved in the six years since the submission of the State party's fifth periodic report.
Psychological support is also being provided for relatives of the victims.
Relations with United Nations partners, international financial institutions and regional organizations have improved and deepened.
105. This project is a pioneering effort and one of the best practices developed by a Japanese private company, as it directly links a core business to development assistance.
One option would be simply to accept as inevitable continued increases in the quantity and quality of North Korea’s nuclear and missile inventories.
Total submissions Submissions using the CRF
PERU
There is almost no spring in winter, suddenly you will find all the beautiful girls with light skirts on the streets.
Colombia in no way questioned the validity of its note.
Five different sites in the area, including Dungu, have a permanent or rotating presence of staff dedicated to related activities, which include FM radio broadcasts managed by MONUSCO with messages that encourage defection.
1. The author of the communication, dated 25 August 2008, is Florentina Olmedo, a Paraguayan national born in 1942, who is acting on behalf of her deceased husband, Eulalio Blanco Domínguez, a Paraguayan national born in 1940.
When I was in third grade she urged our teacher to organize a field trip to Chicago museums.
Union Army personnel
The aim of the project is to summarize and disseminate available information on wildfires worldwide.
The next steps in the reform of interest rate on the Mainland will, I hope, be in the direction of further liberalisation.
The definition of piracy is contained in article 101 of the Convention. It includes any illegal acts of violence, detention or depredation committed for private ends by the crew or passengers of a private ship against another ship, or persons or property on board that ship.
The General Assembly could propose parameters for drawing up such assessments.
Show with the result of study of the present stage, the volume of stage coupling increases, obviously improve the auditorium in the early decay time of low frequency.
(a) The meaning of "connected projects";
4. Welcomes the establishment of the 17 thematic clusters - including existing and proposed multi-year, multi-donor trust funds - and invites the secretariat, in consultation with member States, to continue the consolidation process in terms of the number of clusters as well as within each cluster, where appropriate, without compromising the scope, content and manner of delivery;
I remember the first day I saw her playing basketball.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
43. The comments of the Department of Field Support are reflected in paragraph 140 of the Board's report.
A thick yellow purulent exudate covers peritoneal surfaces.
However, commitments to ease movement and access in the West Bank remain unmet.
Asst Env Protection Offr (Cross-Boundary   International) 52
To be held in private on Tuesday, 31 October 2000, at 10.30 a.m.
19. The main elements of the statement made by the representative of the State concerned and of the exchange of views among the members of the Working Group are reflected in the summary contained in the conclusions subsequently adopted by the Group at its 23rd meeting (S/AC.51/2009/6).
Geneva
The national tradition of Chinese dietary culture, especially that of the Han nationality, has a history of thousands of years.
42. Mr. Kasymov (Kyrgyzstan) said that poverty and unemployment were the most pressing issues now facing the international community.
I'm sure your keys are somewhere around the house.
Private sector partners should use the opportunity to develop the affordable housing market.
(b) The fact that political parties appear to limit their support to women to simply nominating them as candidates in order to meet the required 25 per cent quota without providing them with the means to enhance their political leadership skills;
(b) Increased number of services provided according to best practices set by the International Organization for Standardization
Today, 10 out of every ]00 Americans are over 65
30. UNFPA evaluations are carried out in a manner that enhances national capacity through the participation of governments and key stakeholders in evaluations; through support for country-led evaluations; and through the use of national evaluation systems.
? Commission on Poverty
711
More details were needed on the proposed regional service centres, including the criteria for their establishment and their adaptability to future requirements.
Panellists included representatives from the Permanent Representatives of Mexico and Norway to the United Nations, the Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director of UN-Women, and representatives from the International Indigenous Women's Forum, the Alliance of Indigenous Women of Central America and Mexico, and the National Organization of Andean and Amazonian Indigenous Women of Peru.
(a) The Notarial Section, which monitors the functions of notaries;
Portugal
Finally, the dynamic pressure distributions on the bottom and the side walls of slit-type buckets are discussed.
Page
41. The United Nations country team continued its support to the constitution-making process through the reporting period.
Among the numerous OHCHR field presences, the Yaoundé Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa plays a particularly active part in supporting democratization processes in the 11 countries of the region.
who spend their lives chasing the big deal, or trying to mass a lot of money to get into a big deal, but to me that is foolish.
VI. GENERAL CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATIONS
Accession of African countries to the World Trade Organization is vital for the process of integration into the world economy.
:: Since 1996, terrorist criminal conspiracy (participation in a formal group or agreement established with a view to the preparation, characterized by one or several material facts, of one of the aforementioned terrorist acts) (art. 421-2-1 of the Criminal Code);
He's no slouch in the kitchen — you should try his spaghetti bolognese.
Convinced of the need for further and continued support and consideration of the programmes and activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights,
Write-off of cash and accounts receivable
Europe’s leaders have recognized that the debt crisis in the periphery will only worsen in the absence of growth, and they have even (sometimes) recognized that austerity will not help on that front; nonetheless, they have failed to deliver an effective growth package.
The increased commitment of the Government to addressing human rights matters was highlighted by the swift and constructive steps taken in response to the report of UNAMA and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the torture and ill-treatment of detainees, released in January.
55. Mr. Tarrisse da Fontoura (Brazil) agreed with the representative of Pakistan that the issue of budget support should be mentioned among the highlighted critical challenges in the Chairman's summary.
In outlining the current challenges of reforming and bolstering the Afghan security forces, justice system, and institutions for the protection of human rights, he provided an update on the assistance given by the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) and other international partners in overcoming those challenges, addressing urgent humanitarian needs, and promoting development through the Afghanistan Compact.
Recognizing that the Regional Centre has continued to provide substantive support for the implementation of regional and subregional initiatives and has intensified its contribution to the coordination of United Nations efforts towards peace and disarmament and for the promotion of economic and social development,
80. An allocation of $4 million was made from the Peacebuilding Fund to the Government of Burundi for "Youth participation in social cohesion at community level".
He felt as fresh in her presence as one who is taken out of the flash of summer to the first cool breath of spring.
The Shenzhou VII spectacle will mark a patriotic crescendo for China in a year dominated by the Beijing Olympic Games and the country's top gold medal count, said Reuters.
Currently, there are 156 States parties.
:: Non-governmental organizations have also played an important role in the promotion of gender equality in media.
As a result, new recapture facilities had been designed and adopted to reduce methyl bromide concentrations and emissions in the grape storage facilities.
There was consistency in testimonies with regard to the following facts: attacks and intimidation regularly take place during daylight hours; the identity of perpetrators are well known, or perpetrators could easily be identified; the frequent presence of police and army at the scene; the involvement and presence of settlement security officers; the frequent existence of video and photographic footage of the incidents; and the lack of accountability for the violence.
My delegation urges greater involvement by the international financial institutions in the search for ways to promote international cooperation for development.
One highlight in 2010 was the establishment by UNDP, ILO and OHCHR of the UN-Indigenous Peoples' Partnership as a multi-donor trust fund.
231. Over its seven years of existence, the Water Assessment produced integrated assessments on all of its targeted 66 transboundary marine water bodies.
And has had the special business agent for many years continuously allies acts this company series product the cloud dawn trademark has also registered has ten several years the glorious history.
You will never be hungry if you help each other.
The Panel=s recommendations with respect to uncollectible receivables are set out in annex II.
That sru guy just cleared me.
Chairman of the Special Committee
No expert can now predict when Maldives will return to its pre-December 2004 situation, or even if it ever will.
For the plenary meeting of today there are no more speakers, so I will adjourn the meeting and convene an informal plenary meeting on any relevant topic related to the FMCT in about 10 minutes.
Since then the situation had changed dismayingly from bad to worse.
The number of live pigs arriving at slaughterhouses today (January 25) was 1260, with 1205 imported from the Mainland and 55 from local farms. The wholesale price for live pigs ranged from $1,009 to $1,338 per 100 catties, with an average price of $1,153, a spokesman for the Food and Health Bureau said.
:: Erecting barriers to protect against flooding and preserve the natural mangrove areas necessary for marine life;
The Working Group is expected to make recommendations on the management and destruction of ozone-depleting substance banks, as appropriate, to the TwentyFirst Meeting of the Parties.
After discussing a wide range of possible measures to take against KPC by my Special Representative and the KFOR Commander, the decision was made to demand that KPC should disclose the names of other KPC members who might be associated with this terrorist organization.
He has some problems with his teeth
Financed by preferential export buyer's credit extended by China Eximbank, this project was designed to address the power supply imbalance and the north-south transmission bottleneck in Tajikistan.
o A convoy to Madaya, Rif Dimashq, targeting 5,000 people on 22 and 23 October was not dispatched because of a lack of response from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Women had not achieved equality with men because the social environment had prevented the advent of an egalitarian society.
Then, for dinner, he often consumes up to 2 pounds of salmon, along with grilled vegetables and a cup of rice.
I should be grateful if the contents of this Note could be placed formally on record and brought to the attention of other member States of UNCTAD.
EXAMPLE: The cynical old accountant is arguing with the optimistic young sales manager and neither of them wants to yield.
United Nations
10. Invites Governments, with the assistance of the international community, where appropriate, to seek to make the option of remaining in one's own country viable for all people, in particular through efforts to achieve sustainable development, leading to a better economic balance between developed and developing countries;
59. The practice of lobotomy and psychosurgery can serve as examples.
For this method,the solution of a nonlinear monotone function,which is very common in electromagnetic soundings,is obtained via continued fraction iteration technique.
I haven't seen much of him recently (these days).
5. Expresses its support for the work of the members of the Board of Trustees of the Fund, in particular their fund-raising activities;
Feedback was also solicited from the audience.
1. Development of sheep farming for meat
Section 15. Human settlements
Now one of the most eminent scientists of our time has blundered much more clumsily into the same minefield, with predictable results.
Faith decides destiny, so your faith have to conquer thoughts.
Other legislation/regulations controlling chemical materials
'Jack is not beautiful, and does not have a rich father -- but he succeeds,' Mr. Ma says, referring to himself in the third person.
If you reach back carefully, you can pass me the book from the shelf behind you.
It does not publish numerical information on its membership and usually has not been successful in becoming the representative organization in places of employment.
They requested the Secretary-General to ensure continued effective follow-up of the visits of the Chairman-in-Office to the Central Asian and transcaucasian participating States.
Accumulation of active ingredients in roots of four types Salvia showed increasing or declining irregularly during the whole growing season.
d Period extends from 1 July of the year listed to 30 June of the following year.
It also commended the extension of the moratorium on the death penalty and expressed hope for its definitive abolition.
The objectives of the workshop were to increase knowledge among key decision makers concerning juvenile justice indicators to increase the country's capacity for assessing the current strengths and weaknesses in data collection and to initiate the development of national plans for improving information systems for indicator measurement.
Left part of a uniqueness constraint. Position over the right non repeating roles.
The presence of CIMADE representatives in the centres is provided for under the 1984 Convention.
Friday, 20 September 2013, at 15:00, in Conference Room 3 (CB).
Dr. Fabrizio Bassani
Section V. Cooperation under article 98
The overall objective of programme 11 is to provide leadership and encourage partnership in caring for the environment by inspiring, informing and enabling nations and peoples to improve their quality of life without compromising that of future generations.
Official development assistance would continue to grow to meet the country's commitments arising from its membership of the European Union and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Governments should set sustainable agriculture as a priority and allocate resources to it, including in terms of extension and capacity-building; research responding to the needs of organic producers, processors and traders (at present, less than 1 per cent of agricultural research is on sustainable agriculture); and market development.
At the end of September, a total of 24 posts (23 Professional and 1 General Service) remained unencumbered, reflecting actual vacancy rates of 17.6 per cent for Professional posts and 1.6 per cent for General Service posts.
In 2010, the organization opened its Middle East/North Africa office in Jordan.
Since January 1, 2006, all preventative vaccine products have been subject to approval by this batch release system; starting from January 1, 2008, all blood products must be subject to the batch release system.
These likelihoods can resemble the competition of news portal is same 2000, endless and changeful.
Discussion on Design and Development with Products'Quality Competitiveness
87. Paragraphs 88 to 93 below explain the involvement of several Member States in this transfer.
Secondly, it is not a practice of the First Committee to bring to the floor the names of countries to say which country requested the voting.
Early, during my therapy, my father kept repeating to me one of his favorite sayings. I have repeated it almost every day since being hurt: Mile by mile its a trial; yard by yard its hard; but inch by inch its a cinch
Item 160
[25 May 2011]
It amounted to 72.1 per cent in 2004 and 68.7 per cent in 2005.
The Effects of Cold Acclimation on Thermogenesis in Tree Shrews (Tupaia belangeri)
Bonn, Germany, 29 April - 3 May 2013.
CERD/C/DOM/CO/13-14, para. 32.
Option 1
Yes, and now I shall be more calm.
The consulting firm observed that all three pension schemes currently employ a benefits suspension feature whereby judges cannot begin receiving their pensions until they retire.
The dual relationship between mill modulus control ( MMC ) and gauge control is described.
"As the 2,500 group tickets on this Sunday have been sold out, we expect there will be more visitors to the Park than usual. To avoid overcrowding and lessen the enjoyment, people are advised to visit the park another day," a department spokesman said.
Other European countries are not just buying too little from Greece; they are buying too little everywhere.
One important issue was ensuring that the person digging had enough oxygen to breathe and keep his lamps lit
You know you've landed with the wheels up if it takes full power to taxi to th e elevator.
You must also provide a security question and answer that is used to help you recover your password, if necessary.
The Committee resumed its general discussion of the sub-item and heard statements by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic, Pakistan, Malawi, Belarus, Iraq, the Russian Federation, Cuba, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Peru, the Sudan, Qatar, Australia and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.
Agenda item/discussion topic Programme
In other words, US consumers of steel would effectively subsidize foreign steel producers.
She cried with grief when she heard news of her friend's death.
Differential coding
The IOC said it was agreed Iraq could send a team to Beijing but the NOC must hold new elections, monitored by the IOC.
Profiling practices based on ethnicity, national origin and/or religion regularly fail to meet this demanding proportionality requirement: not only are they unsuitable and ineffective means of identifying potential terrorists, but they also entail considerable negative consequences that may render these measures counterproductive in the fight against terrorism.
I love that little foot thing even that you guys were doing, Kind of clipping each other's foot.
Government Information Technology Officer Department of Defence
And I learned in that class -- because I would do things like this . . . and they were all gathered around, going, what's he trying to say?
The inspiring teachers not only impart knowledge, they also instill moral values in their students.
Wood for the engravings  came from the box tree.
With 73 million Australian dollars expended since January 1996, the Australian Government is well advanced in meeting its undertaking to provide some 100 million Australian dollars on mine action activities for the decade to December 2005.
At the present session, the Sub-Commission will have before it the preliminary report of Ms. Daes (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/20).
The ECB is almost certain to raise its main interest rate by another quarter percentage point to 3.5 per cent in December, but has kept options for 2007 open.
He came, and I saw him crouching,
A number of suspects were apprehended on charges of tax evasion, smuggling, money-laundering and fraud.
The programme will run from 2002 to 2006, its aims being to facilitate women's access to study and training in the natural sciences and technology, to support women entering careers in the natural sciences and technical fields and enhance career options for women in science and technology, to make research funding and research infrastructures more accessible to women, to sensitise key persons to gender issues and to carry out accompanying research and implement interdisciplinary research programmes.
B: Was there a problem.
Our primary concern is to provide the refugees with food and healthcare.
" The seeds of the shortage were sown between 1998 and 2004, when tree prices collapsed because of oversupply and some Danish growers switched to other crops
"My country is currently facing an attempt to overthrow its legal Government by force.
Adventure activities are a speciality in New Zealand, stemming from the country's obsession with sport, particularly with rugby football.
HSP/WUF/2/11 - Gender, culture and urbanization
Fax: 2768 7653
All in if he spots me.
1997-2001 Ambassador of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Korea
1.1.3 Reduction in the number of casualties among the local population from accidents caused by mines and explosive remnants of war (2009/10: 39; 2010/11:60; 2011/12: 50)
the majority of girls show the greatest interest in using ICT for communication purposes
The two games or exercises you will experience are simple and powerful, readily transferable, easy to facilitate, yet highly sophisticated activities that participants enjoy.
The Helvetic Republic
All branches of the security bodies in all of the governorates of the Syrian Arab Republic, as well as investigative police officers and the judicial bodies involved, have the means necessary for the investigation of crimes connected with terrorist acts and terrorist financing; the security bodies and the investigative police take courses in specialities covering all types of crimes including those connected with drugs (the smuggling, trafficking, transport and taking of drugs), or connected with murder, the taking of life, the counterfeiting of Syrian or foreign currency, covert prostitution and the facilitation thereof, firearms, theft, robbery with violence, the prosecution of criminal gangs, secret associations, and so forth.
Country presence is also a necessary condition to ensuring that human settlement issues are embedded within national development agendas and addressed by United Nations country teams.
He was determined to wreak revenge on her.
Please no morality lectures.
Notwithstanding substantial progress on the implementation of some elements of resolution 1701 (2006), more work remains to be done.
Recommendation 30 (Prohibit discrimination against minorities)
Abductions followed by ransom demands or killings and assassinations of targeted individuals persist.
They include measures related to the fiscal regime, foreign exchange regulations, trade, industrial relations, labour relations, land, intellectual property rights, health, safety, environmental protection, consumer protection, competition policy and enforcement of the rule of law.
And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Take the child away and give it milk for me, and I will give you payment.
2. Organizational matters.
These initiatives, inter alia, improve enforcement measures to combat the trade of conflict diamonds through cooperation with the World Customs Organization and have laid the foundation of a technical administrative body that assists the rotating Chairs in managing the process irrespective of their resources.
Objective : To get peach gum polysaccharide ( PGP  ) from original peach gum and study the composition of PGP.
He realized he was in a dangerous situation, when the official found the document was stolen.
 25. In addition to the admission of refugees, all three countries allow the admission of persons in refugee-like situations on humanitarian grounds.
You can cancel pending character transfers on the character transfer status page.
The conflict laid waste to our country and had devastating consequences for the people as well as for the economic and social development process under way.
Strasbourg, 25 January 1996
Token Bus uses a physical bus topology, but also uses a token-passing scheme to arbitrate access to the bus.
Child abuse
At present, the Special Committee is composed of the following Member States: Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Moldova, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Palau, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Romania, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Yemen, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
EXPRESSES GRAVE CONCERN regarding the deterioration of the living health conditions of Palestinian prisoners and detainees in Israeli jails; DENOUNCES AND CONDEMNS all Israeli inhuman practices against prisoners and detainees; DEMANDS that the International Community, and in particular all international human rights bodies move effectively to uphold the cause of prisoners and detainees in Israeli jails and to work towards their release, and to compel Israel to abide by the laws and relevant international treaties; AND STRESSES that achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace in the region will not be achieved without the release of all prisoners and detainees from the Israeli jails;
50. Out of four responding Northern Mediterranean countries, three countries used common baselines and methodologies, and one did not.
Article 32 A party who refuses to accept the decision of the administrative sanction may, within 15 days after receipt of the notification of the decision, file suit in a people's court.If within that time limit the party does not file suit or comply with the penalty of paying a fine and having his unlawful income confiscated, the administrative authorities which have made the decision of the administrative sanction may request the people's court for compulsory execution.
Measuring and enhancing UNEP valueformoney and business models;
Progress was also made on some issues peripheral to the nuclear agenda, such as the irreversibility of nuclear disarmament measures and transparency with regard to weapons capabilities.
Establishment of the OPCW-UN Joint Mission in Syria
Yet five young fighters against terrorism and defenders of the human rights of the Cuban people are still in arbitrary detention in the United States and subjected, along with their families, to psychological torture of the cruellest kinds.
You should avoid the last-minute rush.
Capital:
I'm cowardly about things that remind me of myself.
Then she said, "I have found favor in your sight, my lord, for you have comforted me and indeed have spoken kindly to your maidservant, though I am not like one of your maidservants."
74. The reality was that the security situation of such personnel was steadily worsening and casualties among them were mounting.
The Housing Authority (HA) has published the Sustainability Report 2005/06 covering the Authority's commitments and priorities on the sustainable development of public housing in addition to its environmental, social and economic performance over the past year.
All penalties collected shall be handed over to the National Treasury, and may not be withheld by any unit or individual.
But...that sure wasn't time travel.
Looking for familiar ground.
49. Ms. Šimonović (Rapporteur), said with regard to Thailand's reservations to the Convention, that all States parties had an obligation to ensure that the provisions of the Convention were directly applicable in their territory and to adopt domestic legislation having the effect of implementing the provisions of the Convention.
Gender
:: Although article 41 (1) states that the chapter applies to "the international responsibility arising from" a serious breach as defined, in fact article 42 is largely directed to the "obligations" of third States, albeit that those obligations are vaguely defined.
A modest man frequently ponders over his mistakes; a conceited man only gossips about other's errors.
More competition for investment-banking oligarchs from commercial bankers and insurance companies with deep pockets seemed likely to reduce the investment banking industry’s unconscionable profits.
Poor regions have a low base of economic activity to tax, which prevents them from investing in human and physical capital.
9 March 2004
Groups of dwellers in the suburbs, in Sunday array, sometimes even decorated with the fleur-de-lys, like the bourgeois, scattered over the large square and the Marigny square, were playing at rings and revolving on the wooden horses; others were engaged in drinking; some journeyman printers had on paper caps; their laughter was audible.
31. Net income from the Private Sector Division for the biennium ended 31 December 2003 was $570,796,000, broken down as follows:
ESCAP Regional Institutions
Ensure elimination of POPs in articles in use.
Several delegations praised the recent efforts of the parties concerned with finding solutions and opening dialogue on the Montagnard situation in Cambodia, while expressing concern about UNHCR's access to the Central Highlands and the inclusion of new arrivals in the Memorandum of Understanding framework.
31. During the transition period, a primary focus of security sector reform, in tandem with the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, was to build the capacity of the national army through restructuring, limited training projects and the integration of former belligerent forces.
Where cost-effective and feasible, regional training events are held for personnel from peacekeeping missions in the region.
Jamaica shared the optimism of the international community that we had embarked on a process that was leading to a final settlement.
- Conditions under which torture is
The mandate of the Fund as established by the Economic and Social Council in 1973 and reaffirmed by that same body in 1986, has not lost any of its relevance today despite the amount of time that has passed.
Instruments ratified
Im pretty easygoing and tend to get along with most people.
 The first report should exceptionally cover the period from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 1997 and be transmitted through the Advisory Committee to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session;
A zone of de facto control by Lebanon’s Hezbollah and Syrian regime forces has emerged between Baalbek and Homs, straddling the Lebanese-Syrian border.
The main objective of the project is to accelerate Internet penetration in Lithuania and organise Internet courses for people.
Total, B
Fuel oxidizes rapidly, producing heat.
With this enhanced capacity, the Liberia National Commission on Small Arms, together with the national police and other national security agencies should, as applicable:
(c) Be available to serve as an entity entrusted with the operation of the financial mechanism of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.
It offers most of the features that you have come to expect from your IM desktop applications.
II. Consideration of proposals
The year 2000 compliance status of each item of hardware and software has been determined and remedies and test methods have been defined.
Marie-Pierre Kœnig
At the same time, some referred to the linkage between substance and procedure.
Through its many presentations to civil society groups and institutions, the programme will continue to forge partnerships that help to increase its outreach potential.
Yui Aragaki
If the dialogue among civilizations is to be taken seriously, it must be based upon principles of democracy, freedom and justice with a view to strengthening the culture of peace.
Public housing estates in Shau Kei Wan#Tung Shing Court
Period
Any speaker addressing the Committee and using a language other than one of the working languages shall normally provide for interpretation into one of the working languages.
Father's Day is a time to remember all the good things that Dads do for us.
Bill carries on a hardware business.
Bolivia
reminders were sent directly to all participants on 23-24 May 2002,
The difficult socio-economic and political situation in the country prevailing over a number of years, especially mass inflows of refugees and displaced persons, have adversely affected the legally regulated rights to the basic conditions for life and housing, the right to work and employment, education, health care.
265 (XXIII) Regional cooperation in the field of road traffic safety
(d) By organizing academic conferences in Cyprus, or by the participation of scholars representing the C.R.C. in international conferences abroad;
 The banks also benefited from participation in government privatization efforts by underwriting and providing financial advisory services through the arranging of sales of public sector enterprises.
These documents include case pleadings and other communications from States parties, verbatim records of Court hearings, the Court's judgments, advisory opinions and orders, together with their drafts and working documents, judges' Notes, minutes of Court and committee meetings, internal reports, notes, studies, memos and directives, speeches by the President and judges to outside bodies, reports and communications to the Secretariat, etc.
Traditionally, each channel needs a high - voltage amplifier .
Under these circumstances, due regard must be given to the detailed information provided by the author.
The global financial and economic crisis is placing intolerable strain on the poorest of the poor and undermining years of efforts to attain internationally agreed development goals, including the MDGs, and to combat ill-health and hunger.
III. New and renewable sources of energy and the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on
Stationer: What else do you want?
Report of the Second Committee (A/62/419/Add.3)
This established a system whereby a flexible annual work schedule and job-sharing were made possible, in addition to full- and part-time work, thereby facilitating the reconciliation of family with work.
Civilian personnel
This is fucked. we are fucked.
This is due to the rapid developments in information and communication technologies, in particular the internet and its ability through open source standards, computer power and the increasing ability of communication technologies to transfer large amounts of information at high speed.
Stock Exchange Service Organizations Article 157.Professional securities investment consultation institutions and credit evaluation institutions may be set up to meet the needs of securities investments and transactions.
(a) Access to books and periodicals to enable readers to keep abreast of contemporary developments;
Currently, foreigners comprised approximately six per cent of the total population.
3. Tourism
It was important to strengthen them as key international institutions.
By resolution 1241 (1999), the Security Council, inter alia, endorsed the recommendation of the Secretary-General that Judge Aspegren, once replaced as a member of the Tribunal, finish the Rutaganda and Musema cases which he had begun before expiry of his term of office; and took note of the intention of the Tribunal to finish those cases if possible before 31 January 2000. (For the full text of resolution 1241(1999), see appendix V.)
This can occur through announcements or other recruitment efforts, where it has been made sure that they actually reach the targeted groups.
Membership of LAB Committee on Employees' Compensation
However, since 2011, the integration of sexual and reproductive health services into national health policies and plans has remained constant at 57.
To encourage greater government participation in these two instruments, the Department initiated a series of activities to familiarize Member States with the reporting procedures.
(b) Ensuring the sustainability of these structures;
Pygmies are severely marginalized in the areas of employment, health and education, and are usually considered socially inferior.
The Committee recommends that the State party combat violence against women and children, by implementing the existing legislation and adopting comprehensive measures to address all forms of domestic violence.
Total number of participants: 146
5 December 1992
Cognitive psychologists report their research on the representation and processing of mental models in human memory.
Research on the choices of partner made by identical twins suggests that the development of love maps takes time, and has a strong random component.
Relatively high employment of youth and women boosted economic growth and development since there were relatively more workers in the population who were spending less of their income on dependents (children and older adults).
In separate lawsuits filed in a New York federal court, a $58-million-asset hedge fund alleges that Citigroup Inc. and Wachovia Corp., respectively, improperly required the fund to pay out more money from insurance derivatives contracts known as 'credit default swaps' amid a steep decline in the value of mortgage-backed bonds.
As a result, over two thirds of the wood marketed in the Chapare is being harvested from managed forests.
Reduction in future electricity consumption through the installation of solar heaters -- a green technology initiative
Margaret Fong
29. I was greatly troubled by the disregard shown for the safety and security of the unarmed United Nations military observers evidenced by the actions of IDF on 9 January.
Audit of UNODC Myanmar Country Office: "The achievement of UNODC strategic objectives was impeded by inadequate programme and project management"
10. Invites the Secretary-General to submit to the Commission at its forty-third session, in addition to the documentation already foreseen in the long-term work programme of the Commission for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action, suggestions on further initiatives and actions that might be considered during the review, with attention to mainstreaming gender equality and to common trends and themes across the twelve critical areas of concern;
Tiszatarján
Cati Gatt East Side High School
In the end, the powder is discharged by output material board.
Conclusions In general, endometrial cavity is mostly isosceles triangle or equilateral triangle.
The results of the survey of over 100 local authorities will enable the identification of priority demands in terms of themes, skills and competencies and target groups, as well as the type of material and media best suited to match the diversity of conditions prevailing among local authorities in the region.
For example, some of the analysis involves rigorous statistical analysis on the incoming waveforms to determine the probable nature of possible threats.
Some people fear that relaxing the law on assisted suicide would lead to an increase in cases, and put people at risk of being pushed into taking their own lives.
If you don't open the door,he's the one who's going to pay the price.
It is to be hoped that a national unity government will be viewed as an opportunity to demonstrate the strength of Afghanistan in its diversity.
33. Member States, other partners and organizations are encouraged to support mandated activities and work programmes of the Commission with additional resources in accordance with the existing rules, regulations and practices.
FAO presented a paper entitled "Proposal to Establish an Information System for the Development of Aquaculture in the Arab Countries".
(Even the Queen Mother. Prince Charles's grandmother, noticed Diana's beauty, grace, and charm
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
- Stefan Trechsel (Switzerland)
However, I understand that we still do not have full consensus on this issue and that we need some additional informal consultations.
 In too many regions the exploitation of ethnic and cultural divisions is fostering instability, strangling growth, slowing reforms and forcing innocent families from their homes.
 Prevention of incidents, or prevention ex ante, is just one aspect of prevention in general, which would include prevention ex post, because the fewer incidents there are, the less harm there will be.
 If so, the malady is probably none other than a retreat from the ideals of the founding fathers of the United Nations.
17 December 2008
Privileged motion
39. Schools were highlighted as playing a potentially key role in the prevention of child exploitation and abuse.
The complainant maintains that there is very little chance that his brother will be granted refugee status.
3.c Substantially increase health financing and the recruitment, development, training and retention of the health workforce in developing countries, especially in least developed countries and small island developing States
17. With UNMIK facilitation, Pristina and Belgrade have continued to cooperate on missing persons issues through the Working Group on Missing Persons, chaired by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).
2. The Plan of Action for the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism called on the United Nations, in cooperation with the administering Powers, to ensure that the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories were kept fully aware of the political status options available to them: free association, integration with another State or independence.
So she needs something from you.
Cooperation between UNODC and the police component of the United Nations Mission in South Sudan in the area of police reform, is currently being explored.
31. The PRSPs are supposed to be country-driven, prepared and developed transparently with the broad participation of civil society.
Of particular note was the arrest of an individual who was indicted with Mile Mrkšic, Miroslav Radić and Veselin Šljivanćanin.
Corrective action: A material recovery facility should take appropriate action to respond to risks to worker health and safety and the environment that it identifies in risk assessments or that are brought to its attention by others, such as competent authorities or third parties.
It was also suggested that a court could appoint a "special master" to examine records to determine what exists and to create basic finding aids.
(a) The tests prescribed in 2.7.2.3.3.5 (a) and (b) provided the mass of the special form radioactive material:
For those patients who are ineffectual to "three steps therapy" this method is a safe, effective and cheap analgesic means.
We could call this the 'Deliverance of Faith'.
Fourthly, despite some progress on human rights, we call for further efforts to respect and protect the rights of women and children.
This is the Proteus project (Reconfigurable Platform for Observation, Telecommunications and Scientific Purposes) which will be developed in partnership with Aerospatiale.
At the competition, after an oral presentation, poster display, and product sampling by judges, the proud Sweet Spots team found themselves in the Sweet spot of first runners-up
A total of 26 international posts (1 Professional, 15 General Service, and 10 Field Service posts) will be abolished and replaced by the same number of local staff posts.
The subprogramme will focus on:
One identified negative aspect of activated carbon injection for mercury control is that the mercury (as well as the added activated carbon) will end up in the fly ashes which may reduce the potential for safe disposal or use of the ash in e.g. construction and cement manufacturing.
Her delegation had already proposed the addition of a paragraph urging all nuclear-weapon States that had not yet done so to ratify the protocols to the nuclear-weapon-free zone treaties.
First, the international organizations could help States which lacked resources and were unable to guarantee the right to adequate food and the right to freedom from hunger for all its citizens, whether temporarily, periodically or for a longer term.
(d) The creation of databases by the Authority to enable contractors of keep up to date with the environmental data and information collected by other contractors and researchers, and to facilitate the work of the Legal and Technical Commission and the other organs of the Authority.
29. The Advisory Committee notes with concern that the project continues to report new delays in the project timetable and increased funding requirements on an annual basis, and stresses the need to prevent any further delay and cost escalation.
55. Most students benefited from the emergency school feeding service, while teachers and support staff received food for work.
Component 2: Security sector support and rule of law
Rapid Application Development
At this stage of the proceedings, it is appropriate to make a number of remarks about the accusations levelled at the daily newspaper Le National, namely that it made racist comments against the Muslim community and homosexuals.
Any ERUs held in its national registry, which have not been converted from RMUs and have not been retired for that commitment period or cancelled, to a maximum of 2.5 per cent of the assigned amount pursuant to Article 3, paragraphs 7 and 8, of that Party
The decline of inter-State warfare waged by regular armies has been matched by a rise in intra-State warfare waged by irregular forces.
10. Another finding was that for a voluntarily funded entity, a balanced funding formula needs to be developed to provide for multi-year commitments.
Consequently, the Panel finds that the claimant is entitled to the funds in its Iraqi bank account, as they represent fees earned over the years prior to 1990 which have not yet been converted into United States dollars and repatriated.
Now there are five suppliers, and Biological E, an Indian pharmaceutical company, announced earlier this year that it would offer the vaccine for just $1.19 per dose.
 Implementation of this subprogramme will be done in cooperation with relevant United Nations agencies, including UNESCO, UNDP, the World Bank, the regional commissions, the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat and training institutions.
Instead of always texting each other,
Currently the animals categorised under the term ADS are dogs and rats, with dogs representing the majority use and rats a specialised niche.
Unfortunately, however, OIOS did not seem to be very willing to accept responsibility for the actions of its investigators.
Congratulating the SecretaryGeneral for his report on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa, and bearing in mind the statement on small arms made by the President of the Security Council on 24 September 1999,
(Each 2008 LSOS account with spending of HK$50 or above before 30 September 2007 will be awarded with one souvenir card)
44. Countries note that the work carried out by the CPF task force on streamlining forest-related reporting is promising.
The meeting brought together over 130 researchers, policy makers and community representatives engaged in AIDS vaccine research and development in Africa to share experiences and build collaborations.
The Committee also noted that, within the framework of the ad hoc consultative mechanism, intersessional meetings had been hosted by the Government of France in Paris on 10 and 11 September 2001 and by the Government of Italy in Rome on 28 and 29 January 2002.
Gabriel DropOut
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, Najat Maalla M'jid
She would look at how to prioritize to ensure greater compliance with the Commitment.
129. In order to reach for those who have difficulties in reaching health care facilities, the Government has started to implement a mobile package of health services for Kuchi communities.
There is no general agreement on how the gap is generated and what It'shows.
10. Juan Roberto de Miranda Hernández, member of the College of Independent Teachers, 20 years' imprisonment under article 91 of the Criminal Code.
United States of America, Zimbabwe.
With regard to the Public Prosecutor's Office, the Decree requires the senior prosecutor to issue a charge and evidence statement when the pretrial investigation is concluded, with the consequent disappearance of any discretion in proceeding.
166. Over the past 15 years the number of children who are attending primary school worldwide has increased to an extraordinary degree, with global enrolment now reaching 90 per cent.
Whether the woman reported being in a happy marriagean unhappy marriage didn't change her risk.
More state policies should be adopted in favor of agriculture, farmers and the countryside.
The thick shoulders sagged in misery.
A "share" button makes it easy to post a Web page, a YouTube video or any other items, to Facebook, Twitter or other sites.
Short-term load forecasting for industrial corporations is indispensable to them when it comes to units combination power transportation and load attemperation.
Thus, it would open the door to wisdom so that the parties can honour their obligations with respect to the road map.
28. To promote a coherent, gender-sensitive approach to halting the spread of HIV/AIDS, UNIFEM works in collaboration with the United Nations system, national AIDS councils and civil society partners, prioritizing support to HIV-positive women's networks to advocate for gender-sensitive responses to the pandemic and to address interlinkages between HIV/AIDS and violence against women.
I. Historical background
In Colombia, the deregulation of price controls over medicines in 2006 (letting pharmaceutical industries establish their own price according to market laws) was ultimately paid by the State budget.
7. Mr. HUNJA (International Trade Law Branch), responding to a question from Mr. CHATURVEDI (India), said that the point of referring, in line 4, to "any current or former officer or employee" was to try to close as many loopholes as possible.
women's or girls' half-slip, knitted or crocheted of textile materials
Picone, Didier
 In the third instance I will furnish an up-to-date status report and then, fourthly, I will attempt a prognosis.
26. With a view to identifying approaches to make inclusion in the list of least developed countries an effective tool for socio-economic transformation and convergence with other developing countries, this project will be aimed at strengthening the capacity of least developed countries to have access to the advantages associated with least developed country status and translate the potential benefits into effective benefits.
At national level, we are reviewing our policies, with a view to establishing what further measures may be necessary (appropriate legislation is detailed below).
It outlines the national vision of a society in which women and men are able to realise their full potential and to participate as equal partners in creating a just and prosperous society for all.
Background information and the main elements of the standardized funding model were provided in annex III to the related report of the Committee (see A/66/592).
The other is that the main part of the country continues under the socialist system.
The report will also include results from global advocacy and partnerships.
The document was prepared under my responsibility, following consultation with the other members of the Security Council.
The first night you'll stay up late, but you'll fall asleep right away.
President:
In such circumstances, direct controls on credit may have been a more effective way to curb overinvestment.But leaving rates so low has its costs.
Follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development and the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly:
(c) Draft a code of conduct for the judges, for consideration by the General Assembly;
IVAN: It takes a little more time.
Staff assessment, international staff
Gender-based violence, including prenatal sex-selection, is "incompatible with the dignity and worth of the human person and must be combated and eliminated" (Beijing+5: 59).
The military operations have led to the destruction of Iraq's infrastructure, in the form of electrical and water installations, residential quarters, houses, hospitals, mosques and churches.
Spain
Paktya (Gardez) Khost
His delegation called on the Secretary-General to expedite the completion of the preparatory work, including the filling of all vacant posts required for the implementation of the new system, and to update the timeline for its execution, pending approval by the General Assembly of the statutes of the Tribunals and the transitional measures.
 19. The draft decision was adopted.
Report of the Secretary-General
On the other hand, over-concentration on low inflation may foreclose effects to stimulate demand and increase employment.
The woman shut the trapdoor with a slam.
It was generally agreed that the suggested wording appropriately reflected a practice where even certificates that were sometimes referred to as "low-level" or "low-value" certificates might, in certain circumstances (e.g. where parties had agreed contractually to use such instruments), produce legal effect.
Prince Andrey, who had been thrust forward under the Emperor's eyes to complete the show of prisoners, could not fail to attract his notice.
70. Certain Laws define participation of NGOs in working bodies and other bodies of competent institutions: the Broadcasting Law stipulates that NGOs and citizen associations engaged in the area of the media, and also those involved in area of human rights and freedoms, are eligible to propose nominees for the Broadcasting Agency Council; The Law on Public Broadcasting Services "Radio Montenegro" and "TV Montenegro," stipulates that NGOs engaged in area of human rights, sports, tourism and ecology, rights of children, youth, and family, area of education, healthcare and social protection, as well as those involved in promoting the rights of national and ethnic groups, are eligible to propose nominees for the Public Service Council; the Healthcare Law prescribes that members of NGOs that are primarily involved in protection of the handicapped, disabled and ill persons interests, can be appointed to the Board of Directors of a government-run healthcare facility; Police Law regulates that civic control over the work of the police is exercised by a five-member Council and one of them is nominated by the NGOs involved in area of human rights.
Commitment period: the commitment period for which the CER is issued
Tibetan Buddhist temples
2. If the President of the arbitral tribunal has not been designated within two months of the date of the appointment of the second arbitrator, the Secretary-General of the [United Nations] [Permanent Court of Arbitration] shall, at the request of a Party, designate the President within a further twomonth period.
Namibia was now using the expertise of its own citizens.
Report of the Peacebuilding Commission on its sixth session
Infact zope and zope developers has influenced Python language itself.
Enabling systematic Palestinian participation in UNCTAD expert meetings was another capacity building priority that the secretariat would emphasize in its work programme for the coming years.
Recalling the relevant articles in the Pakistani Criminal Code, the European Centre for Law and Justice noted that although all religions benefit from legal protection according to the Criminal Code, none was as important as the protection afforded to Islam.
Instead, the policy remains to ensure that bedspace apartments meet the statutory fire and building safety standards.
Wallace Hume Carothers was an American chemist, credited with the invention of Nylon.
I am sure that, under your skilful stewardship, we will be able to have a successful session.
(b) Forward planning:
The insignificant participation rate of women as experts in international meetings is noted and some examples are given here :
Annual remuneration (in millions of United States dollars)
The lawyers for the prosecution try to prove that the defendant is guilty, and the lawyers for the defence try to prove that their client is innocent.
35. When States parties provide for the possibility of making private contractual arrangements with respect to the distribution of marital and other property following the dissolution of marriage, they should take measures to guarantee non-discrimination, respect public order, prevent the abuse of unequal bargaining power and protect each spouse from abuse of power in making such contracts.
Might overcomes right.
While the report welcomes, in paragraph 336, the “efforts and initiatives” of the Greek Cypriot administration in the field of education, there is no mention of the fact that the education system in South Cyprus aims to spur militancy among the population against the Turkish Cypriots and Turkey.
But I have to be very careful with these kids, because if you get too attached, you're just setting yourself up for loss.
Coloured bars show changes for areas with corresponding colours in the map.
To make the football fans calm is difficult.
(PDF Format 169KB)
Almost fifty- percent of the members of PFDJ within the country and the Diaspora are women.
A masterwork item will normally cost + 100 % to + 200 % for each + 1 bonus it conveys.
Efforts at the regional level include the formulation of appropriate policy directions and mechanisms and the mobilization of resources and initiatives in the battle against the epidemic.
2. Gender-based discrimination and violence
The 2007 report of the United Nations Mission in Liberia documented various cases of mob justice, including against a suspected juvenile thief and "witches", and also documented the failures of the State to act to protect victims and prosecute the perpetrators.
It has also taken the Tetley brand to new markets, like neighboring Pakistan and Bangladesh.
The parties will be judged by the population of the Sudan for what peace has delivered.
She walks to a big tent.
In the area of peace and security, Costa Rica adheres to the five points on arms control advocated by the Secretary-General.
UNITAR/ILO GHS Capacity-building programme
An Israeli enemy recon aircraft crossed Lebanese airspace from above Naqoura, circled over the South, and left at 23.10 from above Naqoura.
The State had guaranteed the 7 million expatriate workers in Saudi Arabia full freedom to make remittances to their families, thereby helping to greatly improve their families' living conditions and, at the same time, support their countries' economies.
There are 44 prisons in Myanmar and at least 50 labour camps. Some do not have a prison hospital, and at least 12 of the prisons do not even have a prison doctor.
IMO emphasized that effective implementation of the maritime security measures required public-private partnerships at the national, regional and international levels.
Mindful of the need for complementary and effective implementation of the Convention and the Protocols thereto, as well as of the United Nations Convention against Corruption,
While black opaque tights are always an option, nude hose can keep you warm without creating such a heavy look on the leg.
Recognition
Specific examples of these concerns include the evaluation of one programme that found inadequate cooperation and coordination with other agencies and donors in the planning stages, and another evaluation that identified the need to better integrate gender issues and build faster resource mobilization mechanisms in order to strengthen programme design.
:: Facilitation and provision of continuous contact at the highest level with both sides and key players
9. Addressing these challenges calls for an integrated approach, with policies that increase access to education for girls and boys from all social backgrounds and enhance inclusion and quality at all levels and in all settings.
A live production environment for the ITL will be made available when the connection of the first registry or the CITL has been approved.
It circled over Riyaq and Baalbek before leaving at 0710 hours over Alma al-Sha`b.
It will make the cabbage plants grow big and strong.
Armenian architecture
A: To get a job in my field is most important to me.
 If we can, with wisdom and integrity, take note of the compass of our actions, we may draw benefit in our attempts to steer a course that better serves the needs of humanity.
The representative of Mongolia made a statement and announced that Andorra, Austria, Bulgaria, China, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Hungary, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mauritius, Mexico, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Philippines, Portugal, the Republic of Moldova, Serbia, Slovakia, Thailand, Turkey and Uruguay joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The disarmament agenda over the next year is a full one, and we are conscious of the wide significance that upcoming events -- such as the November Nairobi summit on a mine-free world, which is the First Review Conference of States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on Their Destruction; the May 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT); and the June 2005 Biennial Meeting of States on small arms and light weapons -- will have on the subject matter of this Committee's work.
Law student Izau Lourenco says he came early to exercise his civil right.
30. Several delegations requested further information on the situation inside Yemen.
(a) Representatives of States Members of the Council: Bangladesh, Belgium, China, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Nicaragua, Pakistan (on behalf of the Organization of the Islamic Conference), Republic of Korea, United States of America;
He noted that surge staff -- over 100 people (including 14 for cluster coordination), with plans for another 75 soon -- had already begun working in the country.
(a) The restoration of national authority and protection, given that situations in which national authorities are dysfunctional, or are among those perpetrating arbitrary displacement, are often determined to be a threat to international peace and security;
Henry's law constant atm/m3/mol
The Pre-Trial Chamber shall transmit the list to the Prosecutor without delay.
Mother's full name:
(a) Consider amending its legislation to include the principle of equal pay for work of equal value to narrow the wage gap between women and men in accordance with ILO Convention No. 100 (1951) concerning Equal Remuneration;
The project will result in an operational approach to poverty and the environment designed to ensure that development and poverty reduction strategies in each country fully reflect the contribution that ecosystems make to economic and social development.
At this stage, I would like to touch upon the fact that this year marks the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the CTBT.
E/CN.4/1999/L.67/Rev.1
On the issue of violence, although Costa Rica does not have the levels of other Latin American countries, domestic violence affects women more than men.
1. Reaffirms once again its support for the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the annexes thereto (collectively, the Peace Agreement), as well as for the Dayton Agreement on Implementing the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995, and calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under the Agreements;
The additional mobile activities and enhanced night observation will require specialized equipment to mitigate the increased risk of accidental incidents and mine threat.
Yet if he is caught, he must pay sevenfold, though it costs him all the wealth of his house
The number of women in the highest diplomatic positions grew from 15to 20over the reporting period.
7. Halt the sale of products and recall them when handling or use poses an unacceptable risk under any use directions or restrictions.
Article 10 Any entity or individual under any of the following circumstances may not become an shareholder or the actual controller holding 5% or more shares of a securities company: 1. it is not three years yet since it/he finishes the sentence imposed on for intentional offense; 2. its net assets is less than the paid-in capital by 50% or above, or its contingent liability reaches 50% of the net assets; 3. it/he can鈥檛 pay off due debts; or 4. other circumstances recognized by the securities regulatory agency of the State Council.
Effects of assignment
I promised my girlfriend a gold necklace for her birthday, but when the jeweler quoted a price for one we liked, I let out a long, low whistle.
E. The regional committee
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
In January 2004, Saudi Arabia organized an international conference on human rights in times of war and peace to which OHCHR and international non-governmental organizations were invited.
So her father comforted her, "View it at a diffierent angle.
 The Division will also be responsible for substantive support in preparation of the Global Conference on Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States to be held in Barbados in 1994.
Annex IV
85. In its reply, Turkmenistan indicated that reforms aimed at facilitating the progressive renewal of the social and political system have been introduced under President Berdymukhammedov.
He called on the community to work together in the fight against the disease.
6. Calls for the support of concerned governments and other humanitarian partners in including all persons of concern to the Office, notably refugee children and women, in any relevant future national, regional and international initiatives that may be undertaken, notably the Ending Child Hunger and Undernutrition Initiative (ECHUI).
 All religious faiths and churches enjoy equal freedom before the law."
47. The Fourth Committee of the General Assembly considered the question of Gibraltar on 6 October 2010.
Enjoy yourself!
And that's why you love me.
Restore all distinct types followed by all tables with their indexes.
General debate on all disarmament and international security agenda items (items 87 to 104): item 87 (A/69/135 and A/69/135/Add.1); item 88; item 89; item 90; item 91(A/69/112 and A/69/112/Add.1); item 92 (A/69/130 (Part I) and A/69/130 (Part I)/Add.1); item 93; item 94; item 95; item 96 (A/69/124, A/69/124/Add.1, A/69/123, A/69/151, A/69/113, A/69/113/Add.1, A/69/132, A/69/140, A/69/173, A/69/172, A/69/172/Add.1, A/69/114, A/69/114/Add.1, A/69/115, A/69/152, A/69/118, A/69/118/Add.1, A/69/131, A/69/131/Add.1, A/69/138, A/69/138/Add.1, A/69/154, A/69/154/Add.1, A/69/116 and A/69/139); item 97 (A/69/134, A/69/168, A/69/127, A/69/136, A/69/133 and A/69/361); item 98 (A/69/176, A/69/208, A/69/27 and A/69/42); item 99; item 100; item 101 (A/69/169); item 102 (A/69/137); item 103; and item 104
The wording in square brackets should be deleted.
With regard to procurement planning, at MINUSTAH $25.76 million (26 per cent) of the total obligations of $98.30 million incurred had been raised in the last quarter of the year ended 30 June 2006.
The Committee continued its consideration of the sub-items.
166. As explained above, this provision is made in order to give the Court a certain degree of scalability and flexibility so it may readily react to an upsurge in activities.
For inquiries regarding QuickPlace of the Committee, kindly contact Mr. Sergei Cherniavsky (e-mail cherniavsky@un.org).
The new taxes were a major impediment to economic growth.
According to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the International Organization for Migration and Government sources at the time of the publication of the present report, the number of displaced persons since the Samarra attack on 22 February 2006 exceeds 450,000, including approximately 27,000 individuals displaced in Al-Anbar Governorate alone, as a result of recent military operations.
In those cases, the Board has no major overall concern and encourages the Administration to continue to implement the recommendations.
22. The Security Council held several meetings and informal consultations on the Afghan situation before and after the fall of Kabul, and repeatedly requested me and the Special Mission to keep it fully informed of events.
Since the greater portion of the population of those countries tends to be young, and given that the present formal system is incapable of absorbing this youth labour force into the mainstream, there are signs that youth will seek a stronger voice in determining policies that affect them and their future.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the application of the Convention
The veto was a reflection of an international balance that does not even exist now.
Yiu Kit Ching
67. Funding for and political attention directed to the health sector by United Nations entities, Member States and non-traditional donors has increased rapidly in recent years, and African Heads of State and Government have pledged to increase the health budget by 15 per cent per year under the Abuja Declaration on HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and other Related Infectious Diseases, adopted by the Organization of African Unity in 2001.
Prospero , the true Duke of Milan is now living on an enchanted island with his daughter Miranda, the savage Caliban and Ariel, a spirit of the air.
(k) promote and conduct scientific research and develop appropriate technologies in support of fishery conservation and management; and
0.014 degrees
Chair: Mr. Zahir Tanin (Vice-Chair) (Afghanistan)
The volume of offsets  traded on the exchange has risen accordingly ( see chart ).
12. He highlighted the acute challenge for UNICEF of dwindling core resources, which had declined by 7 per cent from 2011.
Izushi District, Hyōgo
Resource mobilization and sustainable financing: review of the implementation of decision VIII/34
 At present, forestry is addressed in several sectoral-level planning frameworks that have international backing, as follows:
(UN-J-27-246) Improvement in the quality of life
Draft decision I (recorded vote) 120 2 53
5. At the same meeting, the Committee was informed that the draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
It is critical that all parties continue to work closely with MINUSMA to facilitate the protection of civilians and expand humanitarian and development access.
Our Office appreciates the consultative work of NGOs carried out in the United Nations human rights framework, in particular the welcome input they have provided throughout the process of elaborating the Plan of Action.
Improving flexibility and timeliness requires greater donor coherence and effort to honour pledges quickly.
Outline of science
This week, the company proposed cutting twenty-one thousand more factory jobs.
Try to remember the kind of September when love was an ember about to billow.
SIGNED by Roger Tan For and on behalf of LUCKY INTERANTIONAL LTD In the presence of SIGNED by TERESA WONG In the presence of THIS AEMENT is made the --------- day of  , (year) between A  (hereinafter called "The Company") of the part and B, (hereinafter called "The Manager") of the other part
Recommends that Tunisia pursue its programmes and consolidated approach in the promotion and protection of all human rights including in the field of education, health and the promotion of the status of women (Syrian Arab Republic) as well as the empowerment of women. (Cuba)
:: Improving coordination between process owners to mitigate the risk that their individual plans for benefits result in duplication of, or overlapping, financial benefits between corporate functions.
New infrastructure and office systems were set up for the Arusha branch of the Mechanism.
It represents a regional market of 380 million people, and one of its major aims is to integrate trade and investment in the region and to provide a major boost to investment promotion.
20. Encourages Member States to set up or strengthen national programmes and to engage in bilateral, subregional, regional and international cooperation, including by forging regional initiatives or plans of action, to address the problem of trafficking in persons through, inter alia, the enhancement of information-sharing, data disaggregated by sex and age, specific data collection and other technical capacities, and mutual legal assistance, as well as the combating of corruption and laundering of proceeds derived from trafficking, including for purposes of commercial sexual exploitation, and to ensure, as appropriate, that such agreements and initiatives are particularly responsive to the problem of trafficking as it affects women and girls;
Tronsanges
15. An uneasy calm prevails in the Government-controlled southern part of the country.
During this period, even the basic human rights and freedoms of the Turkish Cypriots were violated by the Greek Cypriot administration, which imposed severe restrictions on the Turkish Cypriot enclaves and curtailed all efforts to revive the Turkish Cypriot economy by waging a war of attrition against them.
(c) Institutional means, procedures and mechanisms to improve the implementation of the right to the truth - on the individual and the societal levels - taking account of national experiences and developments in international law.
We have to consult the opinion of a wide cross -section of people.
Recommendation 2. Building managers should participate in the designing and remodelling of buildings.
The UNAIDS country teams have worked to bring women's perspectives and leadership into national mechanisms, such as the national AIDS programmes.
52. Maldives
I wouldn't get compensation from our company since repairing is not my responsibility.
Don't go back to the burning room for your pet or anything else.
Diplomats receive instruction in international humanitarian law at the Institute for Diplomatic Studies.
Observe!
A large quantity of monitoring data exists on PeCB detected in abiotic matrices as well as in biota in temperate zones, mainly originating from developed countries.
Adoption of the report on credentials [1 (c)]
The immediate environs of the School have been radically changed since 1937. Despite radical high-rise developments all around it, the school building is still being used for its original purpose, i.e. a school.
Now, Mr. Dagan's statement suggests that Israel believes it has gained at least that much time, without mounting an attack.
:: Effective use of mission resources in support of deploying facilities
Ryukyu minivet
Above all, we can draw the conclusion from paper that the project is feasible in economy.
the data presented to a user by a meter or similar instrument.
The victories increase our serenity, but the road is still long and there are many obstacles that we must be ready to overcome.
Member States cited their preparedness to take collective action, through the Council, where peaceful means are inadequate and national authorities are manifestly failing to protect their populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing, or crimes against humanity.
l. Procurement services: liaison with the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) field offices and field project teams for all actions involving the procurement of goods and services under the 100 series of the Financial Rules;
The training of concerned staff members in the West Bank and Gaza fields on utilization of such materials had been completed and was supported by additional training for teaching staff on conflict resolution techniques.
35. Group work involved small-group discussions and practical application of concepts and approaches to analysis, planning and productive use of Internet technologies to promote information accessible to all.
Throughout the development of the methodology, a number of challenges and cross-cutting issues were identified and discussed.
Abstaining: Argentina, Guatemala, Peru, Uruguay.
In Lerneb, MAA (Coordination) has curtailed the movements of members of the Arab community suspected of being MAA (Platform) sympathizers.
Would you like some help?
These reforms concerned notably the adoption of new laws, the harmonization of national legislation with international commitments, the setting up of governmental structures and national institutions in the field of human rights.
Woods Hole Research Center
The speed of structural adjustment is also strongly influenced by how easily employment can shift from an economy’s non-tradable to its tradable side and across segments of global supply chains.
The methods recommended, however, differ among the various sects of Zen.
11. With respect to the question of returning a share of the health insurance reserve accumulations to Member States directly, rather than through the mechanism of a premium holiday, the Advisory Committee was informed that this was technically possible.
What are you willing to put on the backburner and what do you need to put your full focus on?
International cooperation for the protection of intellectual property rights
If it had not been the LORD who was on our side, now may Israel say
Tractatus Theologico-Politicus
Sixty-first session
- Conversion of general temporary assistance positions to posts: approved positions financed under general temporary assistance are proposed for conversion to posts if the functions being performed are of a continuing nature
Peacekeeping troop contributions management
It asked how non-discrimination is guaranteed, a concern also raised by the Committee on the Rights of the Child, given that the Constitution does not explicitly prohibit discrimination on specific grounds.
That right, however, was violated by the continuing Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories.
Special purpose fund
5. Provisional agenda for the sixtieth session of the Working Party
76. If there is a lack of primary data and satisfactory methods for calculating inland consumption, the consumption is set to equal calculated consumption.
The State party is also requested to publish the present Views, and to have them widely disseminated in Belarusian and Russian in the State party.
(b) In preparing that report, due account be taken of the Haitian Government’s development plans and programmes for the country, as well as of the United Nations system common country assessment for Haiti and, when completed, the United Nations development assistance framework for Haiti;
And I don't do that stuff anymore   hardIy.
At the conclusion of the appeal, the Court reduced Dr. Son's sentence to five years of imprisonment, to be followed by three years of administrative probation upon his release from prison.
In this context, it should be noted that there is a limited supply of experienced translators, editors and interpreters in Geneva due to the heavy competition with the International Labour Organization, the World Health Organization and other Geneva-based organizations, not to mention the European institutions, which reserve conference-servicing staff two to three years in advance.
The Acting President: The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 113.
335. In addition, capacity is also needed to maintain and ensure consistent data-entry in the medical evacuation/repatriation database, the notification of casualties database and the database on death-in-service cases; to prepare statistics on medical evacuation/repatriation cases and death-in-service cases as well as running queries in response to enquiries from the field on the status of medical evacuation cases; provide clerical support relating to medical compensation claims and pension disability claims and requests of special dependency benefits, and support the Peacekeeping Section of the Medical Services Division.
Be tested by long term, solid and practical the latest mechanics designs.
Show her in.Zoe ushered in a tall old lady who wore ringlets and looked like a countess who haunts lawyers' offices.
It is recommended that the Dominican Republic should consider establishing the concept of the international repeat offence.
Krill swam with the plankton , a school of young menhaden swam after the krill.
Libya
Advice and assistance were frequently provided in collaboration with human rights field presences; other United Nations partners, including UNDP and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations; and the regional coordinating bodies of national human rights institutions.
20. Speaking as Chairman of the Peacebuilding Commission, he noted that he had personally been engaged in establishing strong cooperative relationships with major bilateral and multilateral partners, including the World Bank.
It is a bottom-up effort to arm those living in poverty with knowledge of their rights so that they can effectively engage with official institutions.
Using vaccines for children is an economical and effective way for preventing epidemic diseases and reducing children's deathrate.
Despite that progress, a substantial effort is needed to advance poverty reduction, achieve universal primary education, reduce maternal mortality and ensure access to sanitation.
229. The representative of CCISUA said that although the Coordinating Committee had requested that this item be placed on the agenda in the context of ICSC's review of the application of the Noblemaire principle, it emanated from a General Assembly mandate in resolution 45/241.
What It Means: This represents your drive in your career and your efforts to make progress toward an objective.
 We are convinced that the opposition's reliance on force and the commensurate reaction to it may cause unpredictable consequences leading to the undermining of the stabilization process and of the positive decisions reached during negotiations.
 However, the final version will depend on the decision of a qualified majority of all EC member States, in accordance with EC rules.
 80. Austria considered the drafting of guidelines to restrict the use of firearms at the international level to be an important issue.
Deputy Principal Solicitor (Company Law Reform)1
Recommendations
"1. The Unit shall consist of not more than eleven Inspectors, chosen from among members of national supervision or inspection bodies, or from among persons of a similar competence on the basis of their special experience in national or international administrative and financial matters, including management questions.
Extrabudgetary
It is worth underlining that country engagement means interaction with all countries on all human rights, as no country is immune to challenges in the area of human rights.
The FIG spent the last several months getting legal advice before determining the statute of limitations had not run out and that it was the proper authority to investigate.
Any delay in strengthening security measures increased the possibility that a staff member might be killed or injured.
It was stated that the matter might depend on whether retention of title arrangements were treated as security rights and on whether the relevant contract was continued or terminated by the insolvency representative.
The Council strongly urges the Government of the Republic of South Sudan and all other parties on the ground to fully cooperate with UNMISS in the implementation of its protection mandate.
D. Freedom of expression, peaceful assembly, and right to participate in public and political life
Republic of Korea
The result of the valuation showed that the value of expected claims for retirees and active staff (both national and international, funded from the administrative budget) as at 31 December 2007 was $5.99 million.
Finland's only real rivals are the Asian education powerhouses South Korea and Singapore, whose drill-heavy teaching methods often recall those of the old Soviet-bloc Olympic-medal programs.
Lord, save me from my fear.
Amman
5. Human rights bodies and mechanisms 57 - 60 11
The Committee took note of the efforts of Cambodia to promote the policy and regulatory work related to ICT and telecommunication development, including challenges the country faced in human resources development, IP convergence, security matters, Internet governance, network readiness and content, lack of financial and human resources on the government side and the need for more laws to promote ICT as a truly driving force.
Administrative expenses (schedule 1, note 3)
This report does not contain any opinions, views or suggestions on the part of OHCHR other than those contained in public reports and statements issued by the Office.
Lenders who initiate loans will be held accountable for the quality and performance of those loans, and strict standards must be required in the lending process.
9. A summary of significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements is provided in note 2 to the financial statements.
Beginning with the industrial revolution, humans sought energy from coal, and later from oil and natural gas, but this leads to the exhaustion of non-renewable resources.
7. What is the procedure to reflect in the PV records how a Member State intended to vote on a draft resolution/decision?
The 2007 World Radiocommunication Conference of ITU will consider the allocations and regulatory issues related to the Earth exploration satellite (passive) service, space research (passive) service and the meteorological satellite service.
Note by the Secretary-General
I remember Mrs. Hurstwood when she was travelling once with you over to St. Joe- and here the newcomer launched off in a trivial recollection, which was terminated by the arrival of more friends.
93. He is good at getting a point across to people
The Permanent Forum wishes to express its appreciation for the efforts of individuals and institutions which, by providing information, contributed to the mission.
The United Nations/Mexico Symposium on Basic Space Technology on the theme "Making space technology accessible and affordable" was the third in a series of international symposiums on basic space technology development to be held in the regions that correspond to the Economic Commissions for Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean, and Western Asia.
In past discussions in the informal sessions here, my delegation has also had occasion to point out that the format of this particular Room is not conducive to a proper, considered informal discussion.
(c) Discussion on matters relating to the Principles on Remote Sensing, proposed by Chile and Colombia;
Our hearts should go out to the Palestinian people in their time of need and adversity.
This consultation fed into a process that culminated in the Convention's adoption at the thirtieth ordinary summit of ECOWAS Heads of State and Government on 14 June 2006 in Abuja.
Mark Acres
The Labour Code lays down the general direction of State employment protection policy and includes the establishment of healthy and safe working conditions.
22. At its closing meeting on 24 June 2005, the Meeting of Experts noted that the Chairman would prepare the provisional agenda and programme of work for approval and adoption at the Meeting of States Parties to be held from 5 to 9 December 2005.
27 August 1988
On 10 June 2013, the Secretariat transmitted the complete set of guidance to the Global Environment Facility as an input of the Conference of the Parties to the negotiations on the sixth replenishment of the Trust Fund of the Global Environment Facility.
17 June 2011, the mandate of the Committee also included overseeing the implementation of the same sanctions measures against individuals or entities belonging to or associated with the Taliban, but, in adopting resolution 1989 (2011), the Council decided to change the scope of the Committee's mandate, focusing it exclusively on Al-Qaida and associated individuals and entities.
(b) That the relevant authorities in the Republika Srpska should enter into a restructuring agreement with IPTF without further delay.
1 part-time intern
The separation speed is very important to the development of two dimensional liquid chromatography .
Only in the developed economies was there a decrease in youth unemployment, resulting from successful youth employment strategies combined with declining numbers of young people in the labour force.
I be sure there's no other tower like this one in the world.
Having considered periodic reports of States parties for a period of 16 years, and in over 100 cases sixth, seventh and eighth periodic reports of States parties,
By combining electrostatics with photoconductivity Carlson had found the right basic concept.
On the other hand, the fact that the negotiation of the report and the adoption of the final report was added to the work of Peru's term of office supplied additional pressure.
Considering the whole span of earthly time, the opposite effect, in which life actually modifies its surroundings, has been relatively slight.
under Turkish law
Then the transfer function that equivalent to Nyquist's second criterion is constructed.
Fifth an examination of multilateral trade rules does not lead to clear conclusions.
I was counting sheep all night.
Again he measured a thousand and led me through the water, water reaching the loins.
rather than "African countries".
He who does his duty is worthy of praising.
As she said good bye, she tearfully exclaimed,I'll see you when I'm 12,Mom
In cases where communities do not own land, the Amerindian Act and the Constitution protect their collective rights to occupy and use the land.
Besides, BiH has been for centuries the homeland of around twenty other nations and national minorities mixed together.
Rinchingiin Elbegdorj
Mortality rate could be an example of this category of indicators.
The sampling tools and containers that are going to be used at this sample point should be removed from their carry trays and placed onto the tarpaulin.
The act says that the patient's autonomy -- where one of the most important elements is given by information-based consent -- can be restricted only to the extent and in the manner justified by the patient's health condition.
Hot-pressing pressure lied on the core density of straw board.
Independent, therefore, of his deficiency in point of dexterity, this cause alone must always reduce considerably the quantity of work which he is capable of performing
(b) Dayr al-Zawr governorate: Ayash Health Centre, the Polyclinic, the Health Institute, the Natural Childbirth Centre, Fourth Health District Centre;
Kumba japonica
Four Loko
Education serves as a means of giving people -- especially children -- who are endangered by landmines a way to protect themselves from this invisible threat.
No other independent international organizations have been allowed to visit any detention facilities in the country.
Tomorrow they are going to the hillside to plant it.
Ongoing priorities and themes and follow-up
gory: That was a key objective from the start
Subprogramme 3 - Science, technology and knowledge
More than 3,000 experts and scholars organized by the state have completed the editing and publishing of five series of books on ethnic-minority issues, including A Brief History of China's Ethnic Minorities, Brief Records of Ethnic Minorities' Languages and A General Survey of Ethnic Minority Autonomous Areas, comprising over 400 titles with 90 million words.
The fourth is State failure.
78. The Committee also invites the State party to submit an updated core document in accordance with the requirements of the Common Core Document in the Harmonized Guidelines on Reporting, approved by the Fifth Inter-Committee meeting of the human rights treaty bodies in June 2006 (HRI/MC/2006/3).
The Secretariat prepared a questionnaire on actions taken to implement the Platform of Action, analysed responses of States, identified the main trends, and submitted the report to the Preparatory Committee at its third session;
The relatives of the inmates lodged a complaint with the sixth civil court of major jurisdiction of Santiago against the National Director of the Gendarmería de Chile and the Chief of Security; proceedings were suspended for want of evidence.
Abstract prepared by Anna Lin
Jointly financed administrative activities
If true reconciliation and cooperation are to be realized, mutual visits should be effected between the north and the south of Korea and free discussion and activities by patriotic organizations for reunification ensured.
Liu won in Osaka in 12.95, but he has yet to break 13 seconds this year.
The Committee also considered that information provided by the complainant demonstrated that ethnic tensions in Rwanda continue to exist, thus increasing the likelihood that the complainant might be subjected to torture upon return to Rwanda.
Confusion makes you learn more, and clarity enables you to use better.
This is a hidden cost to the Internet device: the infrastructure cost.
The work in Kosovo was significantly different from the work previously done in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 "3. Decides that the Commission on Science and Technology for Development should ensure greater transparency in its working methods and decision-making processes, including the allocation and utilization of budgetary and extrabudgetary resources;
of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Item 6 of the provisional agenda*
Line 36, "Total recurrent administrative expenditure": For 36 399 read 52 252
28. Student outbound mobility ratio at the tertiary level, each sex
Haplogroup O-M175
Animal attacks
(q) The implementation of Central Authority Regulations including cadastre records, civil registries, voter registration and business registration.
Indeed, they are being unjustifiably victimized by the embargo on a daily basis.
Total number of posts
Before launching your next big strategic move, spare a moment to ask: what about the managers?
Wednesday, 16 November 2005, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room 6.
Summary
Please leave them outside your room tomorrow morning.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/65/L.43 and Add.1)]
One of the devastating effects is to leave entire communities vulnerable, leading to apathy towards an alarming level of inequality and limiting the extent to which successive generations, particularly daughters, can realize their own human potential.
1. The President, if temporarily absent from a meeting or any part thereof, shall designate a Vice-President to act as President.
Recalling its decisions 21/CP.7 and 20/CP.9,
The system of governance in the areas of freshwater and the marine environment should be strengthened, through the international environmental governance process.
Keywords melanosome biogenesis;melanin;albinism;
Li Chuan Yun
FICSA and CCISUA estimated that the changes proposed would yield harmful survey results for a large number of field staff.
All buildings in this region are alike without any distinguishing features.
In 1966 he started a hunger strike to protest against his continued detention and the allegedly inhuman prison conditions.
(b) Evaluation study of alternative dispute resolution systems
The programme invests in the maintenance of midwifery skills and enables rural women to deliver babies as close to their families as possible.
This continent received 45 per cent of France's ODA and the State has undertaken to allocate at least 60 per cent of its financial assistance to sub-Saharan Africa.
What makes a country great is not the size of its territory, population, army, or economy, but how it uses its power to shape the world beyond its borders.
They should verify carefully the feedback data of the customs, check in time the usage of license and find out existent problems.
Cause of death
That's the problem, Veronica.
The standard reply is that green technologies seem more expensive only because the price of fossil fuels does not reflect their climate costs.
The cultural association of the Montenegrin minority, Moraca Rozafa, develops its activities in the Commune of Vraka, Shkodra Prefecture.
Hope all your Christmas dreams come true
(d) Developing voluntary guidelines relating to sustainable forest management and its implementation, based on the Rio Principles, the IPF/IFF proposals for action and the decisions of the Forum.
The present report has been prepared in compliance with that request.
The CESCR quota system and universal ratification of the Covenant
1. In paragraph 10 of its resolution 65/212, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of that resolution to the Assembly at its sixty-sixth session and to include in the report an analysis of the ways and means to promote the human rights of migrants, in particular how the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families had influenced policy and practice, where applicable, to strengthen the protection of migrants, in the context of the twentieth anniversary of the Convention.
Biennial United Nations surveys of crime trends and criminal justice systems
When do we use multiplication and division?
Stephen was one of the seven men chosen
Price transparency and ensure the quality of products and construction.
Do you think our housing sales will turn round during this year?
Item 4
It also informed the Committee of ongoing efforts to develop a biodiversity initiative aimed at assisting the PyeongChang Declaration, which had called for biodiversity issues to be discussed in the context of setting sustainable development goals in time for the twelfth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, to be held in 2014.
17. The Chairperson drew attention to document A/C.2/65/L.1/Add.1, the annex to which provided information on the status of documentation before the Committee as at 13 September 2010.
Are you sure 64.
28. Precise and consistent data on the demographics and characteristics of people in detention are not available.
The plan also promises assistance in conflict resolution, in the promotion of trade, investment and sustainable development and in halting the flow of illegal arms, and support for an African peacekeeping force.
 30. Myanmar therefore rejects the request to send an internationally renowned forensic expert to Myanmar to investigate the matter.
VII. Legal aspects of the full and partial dismantling of ships (item 7)
a This table shows the percentage of current year contributions collected at 30 June and 30 September of each year, the percentage of 2010 contributions collected by 30 April 2010 and the total contributions outstanding at 30 September of each year.
Argentina Kuwait
Information provided by specialized agencies of the United Nations system
The localization of multiple current dipoles is a difficult problem for the inverse study of MEG.
But he failed after swimming for.
Valued at $8 million, the combined budget for the two entities could be more productively used to build two or three health or education centres in Eritrea or any other developing country.
International Federation of the Little Brothers of the Poor
It is necessary to gradually heighten the consciousness of intellectual property protection and the related sense of legality in society as a whole through in-depth, sustained dissemination and education, so as to create a salutary social environment favourable to the protection of intellectual property.
One of, the product is close friends, good product cannot leave innovation, character, continuously competition ability.
Even though 34 of the world鈥檚 48 poorest countries are in sub-Saharan Africa, foreign aid as a percentage of GDP in that region declined from 6.4 per cent in 1990 to 5.9 per cent in 2003.
Temporary special measures
A reception committee will be present in the airport throughout the Conference and an information and orientation office will be established and indicated by the Convention's logo.
He asserted that a modern artist should be in tune with his times.
And Aaron an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in mount Hor.
In addition, a candidate is required to contribute 20 million MNT to his or her party in order to get a right to participate in elections.
Twenty-eighth (2003)
Geology, in general, and petroleum geology, in particular, still rely on value judgements based on experience and an assessment of validity among the data presented.
As to in-session document reproduction, the impact is not expected to be material enough to be presented as a financial implication.
 4. Authorizes the Secretary-General to identify personnel, plan and make prior arrangements to enable the Security Council to authorize the rapid deployment of UNMIH, once the Secretary-General reports to the Council and the proper environment for such a deployment has been created;
It's dangerous to believe in personal miracles.
Addresses on the occasion of the Summit:
Malaysia
She supported the retention of the list of crimes in paragraph 1 (a) to (j) and could agree to the deletion of paragraph 2 if that was the general wish.
Lush , green jungle world . Rich in natural resources.
Security Council resolution International assistance for the economic rehabilitation of Angola
But it's not simply a large-scale crime wave either.
Financial situation of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
1. By decision 3/COP.8, Parties to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) adopted a ten-year strategic plan and framework (The Strategy) for enhancing the implementation of the Convention.
That treacherous villain, as vicious as a viper, stopped at no evils.
1031
For truth, and like the Preacher found it not.
b. Parliamentary documentation: report on the follow-up of the World Summit on the Information Society (2); report to the General Assembly on science and technology for development (1);
Economic Cybernetics consists of economic system's modeling, simulation, identification, estimation even optimal or suboptimal control.
And that reminds mes that little door at the end of the passage
Prefect of Cyangugu
 28. Mr. MONGBE (Benin) welcomed the flexibility shown by the representative of the United Kingdom.
Commercial banks and financial housing institutions can also make an important contribution to financing poor households by extending their services to communities beyond their usual upper and middle-income customers.
II. Review of agricultural productivity and sustainability challenges
females: 81.0
When a customer is upset, remember that it is not a personal attack.
As at the end of January 2012, the overall (international and national staff) vacancy rate for the Centre was 9.48 per cent
This would introduce a counter-cyclical element in world liquidity management, as sudden drops in private lending would be partly compensated by increased official liquidity.
247. The Treaty Section website should reduce the gap between the registration and the publication of treaties.
The overall context of widespread crisis that prevails in the country has brought to a halt the granting of subsidies to the health sector, with the following consequences:
Suggest different restaurants for going out; don't put the burden of figuring out where to go on her. 43.
First report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009: Supplement No. 7 and corrigendum (A/62/7 and Corr.1 and Add.1-40)
They failed to submit to the court an expert evaluation of the damage to her son's left ear, and did not request a new examination of his injury.
Article 55 A unit which has caused a water pollution hazard shall have the responsibility to eliminate it and make compensation to the unit or individual that has suffered direct losses.
Woman on yacht: It's all so boring here, Margo-there's nothing but playboys and tennis pros. If only I could find a real man. . .
4. In particular, the Gran Chaco SRAP seeks to mainstream sustainable land management within the framework of the overall action programme on sustainable development as well as into national policy frameworks; to formulate and implement integrated transboundary land use planning systems; and to build capacity in sustainable land management among local communities, including indigenous groups through participatory mechanisms.
(c) Note by the Secretariat on the strategy for the period 2008-2011 for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (E/CN.7/2007/14-E/CN.15/2007/5);
Bronze Star Medal
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/141 of 19 December 2001 on the universal realization of the rights of peoples to self-determination,
I was jogging along the trail on the banks of the Tigris, heading south.
The Secretariat has compiled the information received, as at 15 January 2013, in document UNEP/POPS/COP.6/INF/7.
Resort to the court should therefore be made only when national systems were unavailable, when they were unable to provide due process of law or when they acted mala fide.
We will continue deepening reform of the banking industry, focusing on the introduction of a shareholding system in the Agriculture Bank of China and the reform of the China Development Bank.
(h) Staff members shall not seek to influence Member States, principal or subsidiary organs of the United Nations or expert groups in order to obtain a change from a position or decision taken by the Secretary-General, including decisions relating to the financing of Secretariat programmes or units, or in order to secure support for improving their personal situation or the personal situation of other staff members, or for blocking or reversing unfavourable decisions regarding their status or their colleagues' status.
Office of the Public Prosecutor
The Sub-Working Group's Guidelines for Gender-based Violence Interventions in Humanitarian Settings aims to enable communities, Governments and humanitarian organizations, including United Nations entities and non-governmental and civil society organizations, to establish and coordinate the implementation of a set of minimum multisectoral interventions to prevent and respond to sexual violence during the early phase of an emergency.
28 November 2000
1 October 1991
Derek wants to show us his latest idea
More than 5,900 units above the regimental level were dispersed through dismantling, merging, demoting or reforming.
159. Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan
 They also agreed that progress in the various priority areas must be made symmetrically and simultaneously.
For its inhabitants, each hill is both a working and a living area, so that any land dispute inevitably becomes personalized.
"The Commission shall perform its functions in respect of the United Nations and of those specialized agencies and other international organizations which participate in the United Nations common system and which accept the present statute ..."
On 30 June 2000, the investigator warned the author that it was unacceptable to protract the review of the case file.
To support the reform of the basic medical insurance system, the government has also initiated a reform of the medical institutions and the medicine production and circulation system.
Draft article 4, paragraph 3, should be recast to make it clear that the rules of the organization were not the sole means of determining the functions of an organization's organs and agents.
I will now summarize.
What measures have been taken by your State to implement those existing principles of IHL that are considered by your State as relevant to the use of munitions, including submunitions, that may become ERW?
360. The Committee strongly recommends that the Hong Kong Government consider again the adoption of a universal, comprehensive retirement—protection scheme which seeks to ensure that disadvantaged groups are accorded full access to social security.
The basic objective of comprehensive marine management is to ensure a healthy marine environment and the sustainable utilization of marine resources.
They further emphasized that racism resulted in conflicts, increased poverty, marginalization, exclusion and criminality.
644. The Committee is concerned about:
Repeated impacts may be required to achieve this result but the test results for each impact shall be considered individually;
B.ENG. (Hons.)
This crime is being perpetuated under United Nations auspices.
32. Sustaining economic growth requires orienting macroeconomic policy towards employment creation and poverty reduction.
19 July 2005
Russian Federation
The information referred to in paragraph above shall include the following holding and transaction information relevant to the CDM registry, by serial number, for each calendar year (defined according to Greenwich Mean Time):
If you will do nothing but cry over the sunshine you have missed, you will then miss starry night.
This could be a DOJI candlestick, or any other reversal candlestick pattern on the 15 min. chart.
The police don't know who committed the crime, but they suspect Jones.
5. Dissemination of human rights instruments
Continuous occupational training is a component of the 2009 - 2012 action plan of the Ministry of Labour, Social Protection, Family and Children.
The programme, which is intended to be conducted biannually, will cover sessions on conduct and requirements for management performance.
Remove Phillips head screw.
Do you know what a onetrack mind isL: M: No, I'm not making fun of you
PPs Import Criteria
27. Ms. Sherrill (The Glenpool Outreach Center at the Landing) said that, having met and interviewed many Sahrawis who had escaped the Tindouf camps, she was concerned about the long-term effects of the deprivation and isolation they had suffered.
If there are no plans to raise awareness about the Declaration, why not?
77. May I have your name
This regional forum also enables China to exchange ideas with the other members in policy matters.
Belarus (Expert)
Almaleea
Work programme of the Counter-Terrorism Committee for the period 1 July to 31 December 2007
3-year Higher Diploma in Hotel and Catering
Thailand and Viet Nam have continued to reflect low levels of production and decreasing trends since mid-1990.
Based on the analysis of biomechanics behaviour of man-machine interface in automobile driving, the characteristic parameters of body pressure distribution on automobile seat and the surface electromyography (sEMG) parameters of simulated driver's back muscle fatigue are presented.
Also, there is no effective mechanism that would allow policymakers and the relevant law enforcement and regulatory agencies to coordinate domestically on matters dealing with combating the financing of terrorism.
3.4.3 Classification and boundary issues
To that end, preventing the weaponization of outer space is fundamental to collective security.
Law expressly agreed in the account agreement, provided the intermediary has a qualifying office in the State whose law has been chosen
It further notes that the documentary evidence provided by the author indicates an improvement of the situation in the Puntland and that according to UNHCR an individual in Puntland or Somaliland was not at risk of serious harm.
Drying Point
Be open to receive the support you need to take you through the issue - and out the other side.
The supply of university graduates exceeds social demand.This results in a decreased chance for any individual graduate to find a job.
In the visions of God brought he me into the land of Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south.
Besides, this is also case with the citizen's expenditure such as education, information, traveling.
Come out here, there's never any cops around.
The Subcommission is composed of the following members: Messrs. Awosika, Brekke, Charles, Jaafar, Kazmin, Symonds and Tamaki.
Report of the Programme and Budget Committee (continued)
The NGPF calls upon various entities to take ownership of the process of designing their own respective gender policies using a participatory approach.
As neighborhoods grow more multicultural, conflicts over home prices, taxes and education are opening a new chapter in American race relations.
This sentence seems to be inconsistent with both the Constitution, which guarantees the right to perform alternative service, and a law on alternative service that was adopted in October 1998 and entered into force on 1 January 1999.
Harold spends money like water without savings.
Use the analog image process to speed up the raw workflow.
Agenda item
This influence does not imply a hegemonic relationship, but rather points to an alternative path for reform and economic development that other primarily Muslim countries might take.
Each one-week ethics and integrity and fundamentals of procurement workshop has been co-presented by a volunteer procurement trainer and a UNDP trainer.
7. The Committee is of the view that its programme of activities, mandated by the General Assembly, has continued to play a useful and positive role in heightening international awareness of the question of Palestine and in sensitizing public opinion in the various regions with respect to the relevant issues.
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
Prohibitions and restrictions of this nature might be an obstacle to the execution of projects that entail private operation, or private operation and ownership, of the relevant infrastructure.
The same penalties are applied to those who use falsified, forged or altered documents or who use such documents when the information invoked by the person concerned has become incomplete or inaccurate.
Ln comparison with last year, more consumer goods were sold over the holiday.
No. 33/2011 (Saudi Arabia)
Chapter 7 regulates the duties of the arms owners, arms holders and users.
A downlink of 500 kB in S-band was estimated as sufficient for the purpose of that mission, even if storage and forward capabilities would be added to the spacecraft.
But these same trends have also increased intellectual piracy, from illegal file downloads to bootleg recordings to counterfeit products.
A new covariance matrix estimator is developed, and a formula for fast estimation of regularization parameters is derived.
A core group of the taskforce comprising the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Attorney-General's Office and the Office of the Prime Minister oversee the compilation of the second UPR Report.
The same holds true for forced marriages, a widespread practice sometimes justified in the name of religion, and at other times, challenged in the name of religion.
94. June 1997 informal meeting.
8. Consideration of communications under article 14 of the Convention.
Wages, Hours of Work and Manning (Sea) Recommendation, 1958 (No. 109)
Some countries highlighted successes with light rail transit and metro systems, and some emphasized progress in providing transport services to people with disabilities.
The heat treatment technology of SUS 321 medium plate is improved by experiment.
The extent to which Parties and other stakeholders use the Convention's awareness-raising programmes and material
The result of this outreach was reflected by the extensive media coverage of the three-day event: over 150 press items appeared in all media, representing a 170 per cent increase over the previous conference.
Draft decision
(b) That the requirement of compensation (art. 44) should be spelled out in more detail, especially so far as concerns the obligation to pay interest;
Verbier Festival
Marwar Junction
Measures to promote environmentally sound waste management and sorting at source are well under way.
Watamu Marine National Park
Repair and maintenance of communications equipment is estimated at $14,800, including replacement parts, telephone cables and accessories, batteries for repeaters and base stations, antenna cables and connectors and other miscellaneous communications spare parts and supplies.
Aid agencies say they are unable to bring essential relief supplies to the people
Are there many descends between here and the place whither you are going?
The plan of action foresaw consumption of 0.2 ODP-tonnes of HCFCs in 2020, which was inconsistent with the Protocol's requirement to phase out consumption by that year; in correspondence with the Secretariat, however, the party had said that it would endeavour to achieve zero consumption by that date.
Kenya
In general a high degree of uncertainty inherent in the estimates of intake of HCBD in food due to limited monitoring data is reported.
78. The peace process depended on the support of the international community which meant, first and foremost, upholding the principle of direct negotiations. It also meant creating an atmosphere conducive to achieving progress in the negotiations, not a climate of political confrontation.
Concern was expressed that the information and technological capacity of the Commission still lagged behind other United Nations entities and it was suggested that subprogramme 4 should be further strengthened.
YAN Zhi-tui is a famous family educator in Weijin and South-north dynasty the content regulated by him is bountiful.
The sensible heat factors are found to increase with both Reynolds number and inlet temperature of cold water.
 103. The CHAIRMAN announced that the Committee would take up agenda item 80 (Questions relating to information) on 26 October 1994.
Thus, the flat tax has not been adopted in any developed countries, or in China.
Tuesday, 18 November 2014
- General
For all categories of business households taxed at present at regular intervals in fixed amount, the fixed amount shall be adjusted in the light of their operations, and administration in fixed amount shall be strengthened with respect to the few business households that need to be taxed at regular intervals in fixed amount.
Court proceedings are based on principles known as the concept of a "fair trial".
512. In February 2004, the NT Government released a 5 year framework outlining strategies to improve the health and wellbeing for NT residents: Building Healthier Communities - A framework for Health and Community Services 2004-2009, available at <http://www.nt.gov.au /health/building_healthier_communities.pdf>.
On 28 March 2007 an official vehicle of the Embassy of the Republic of Tunisia was damaged in front of the Embassy.
:: Prof. Anna Abele memorial prize (USA) for distinguished work in Latvian philology, jointly with Imants Freibergs, 1979
While the wider political environment had to be tolerant and supportive of such policy reforms, he stressed that good community leadership was equally important in providing leverage to influence and shape policy.
5. Urges the international community to consider voluntary measures and mechanisms, involving private creditors and taking into account existing frameworks, that would allow debtor countries breathing space through, inter alia, mutually agreed temporary suspension of payments while maintaining their access to interim financing, and, in this regard, welcomes the willingness of the International Monetary Fund to consider providing financing to members in arrears on their debt payments to some private creditors;
Some suggest that Mr Obama, who grew up mainly in Hawaii, looks across the Pacific to Asia as previous presidents have gazed across the Atlantic to Europe.
Films directed by Ning Hao
So far, we’ve covered how to declare classes, how to instantiate them, and some of the basics of inheritance.
Article 5 The State Administration Bureau for Industry and Commerce is responsible for company registration of the whole country.
Round 1: 145 votes, 1 abstention
These fundamental concepts are: adding value for partners; creating a sustainable future; developing organizational capability; harnessing creativity and innovation; leading with vision, inspiration and integrity; managing with agility; succeeding through the talent of people; and sustaining outstanding results.
The decreased requirements for military observers are attributable to a reduction in the cost of travel and a decrease in the number of military observers who are provided with rations, partly offset by an increase in the cost of ration packs.
There has been much to celebrate, including the first Open-Ended Meeting of Governmental Experts on the implementation of the Programme of Action, which I had the honour of chairing in May.
 The Council stresses that the present situation in Burundi requires utmost restraint and calls upon all concerned to refrain from any actions and statements which could provoke further escalation of the crisis.
Acupuncture, when necessary, feasible mass cytology or pathology examination.
She is a sensitive man,seems like there is so many melancholy to say.
Core
It would not be an international standard as it would not present internationally agreed concepts, definitions and classifications but would provide a consistent and coherent description of the state of the art on a systems approach to ecosystem accounts within a broad framework that could be related to the SEEA central framework.
We have too little chance to express ourselves in daily life.
I will divulge the rest of the details to the person or persons I choose is the right person for the job.
Forthly, not having enough time and teaching freedom and so on.
5. Decides, taking into account the amount of 143,128,534 dollars already apportioned under the terms of its resolution 62/267 for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2009, to apportion among Member States the additional amount of 8,425,965 dollars at a monthly rate of 4,212,982 dollars for the period from 1 May to 30 June 2009, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 61/243, and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2009, as set out in its resolution 61/237, subject to a decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of the Mission;
If you're not a fan of water, you can try sipping it through a straw, or adding lemon or other juices and lots of ice.
In accordance with the proposed renumbering, this article would become article 9. Article 17
Since member countries of the Commonwealth share a common legal tradition, the Common Law, the Secretariat felt it would be useful to draft model legislative provisions that countries can adapt to their use.
The model is the Information Technology Agreement signed in 1996, which set zero tariffs on new technology goods for countries that signed on.
38. Even though the presence of "classical" mercenaries in national conflicts seems to be quite rare today, Latin America presents examples that demonstrate their presence.
Together, we will reclaim America's schools, before ignorance and apathy claim more young lives
15. Having reconsidered the legal procedures and the judgements in the case of the murder of the first secretary of the Jordanian Embassy in Lebanon, the Government contends that Youssef Mahmoud Chaabane is serving a prison sentence imposed on him in accordance with a verdict issued by the highest court in Lebanon, and following a trial that was properly conducted in Lebanon.
This is the general process of the incident.
Either can have separate business and financial matters, such as debt, insurance policies and the making of a will.
2. If during the election process two nationals of a State Party have become eligible to serve as members of the Subcommittee on Prevention, the candidate receiving the higher number of votes shall serve as the member of the Subcommittee on Prevention.
The Acting President: I thank the Rapporteur of the Sixth Committee.
One delegation noted that simultaneous proceedings placed a burden on the parties and on the Tribunal.
We taught soldiers to bayonet and to survive hand - to - hand combat.
The work that alleviates the teachers'professional pressure are durable.
The General Women's Federation prepared a film that tracks the success stories of women who overcame illiteracy.
This gives it excellent thermal and acoustic properties, but the suitability of the product for a large-scale commercial project was questioned.
28. Seventy-two per cent of the trade contracts were in various phases of the bidding process at the time the last proposal was received from Skanska.
We don't wear a uniform for rehearsal.
Joint written statement submitted by the Asian Legal Resource Centre (ALRC), a non-governmental organization in general consultative status, and Lawyers Rights Watch Canada, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status
We are even better at refuting potential explanations.
Where can I pickup my luggage?
Sense and Sensibility
7. This place is a disgrace.
Nevertheless, allowances arising on account of underage children must be paid directly to the mother with whom they are living, if she so wishes.
ITL
Some families have experienced long periods of separation.
2. His Government was fully aware that women’s rights were not abstract aspirations and was striving to operationalize their rights to freedom from poverty, illness and violence in all forms.
Third Committee
General Assembly
The focus of this programme is on informatics – the study of the way in which information is produced, processed and utilized.
Jyoti Khuria
That J.K. Toys, the manufacturer, will mount an extensive advertising campaign to coincide with the launch date of the product and the mailing date of your catalogue
Iraq contends that any degradation was caused by other factors, such as overgrazing and unsustainable land use.
Trade in these services could offer important opportunities for developing countries given their comparative advantage in labour-intensive services.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments: confirmation of the appointment of members of the Investments Committee
2. The quinquennial reports are prepared by the Office on Drugs and Crime at the United Nations Office at Vienna on the basis of a detailed questionnaire sent to States.
Other approaches include the so-called "step-by-step" approach, a ban on use, a nuclear-weapon-ban treaty, a framework of separate, mutually reinforcing instruments (as contained in the five-point proposal for nuclear disarmament of the Secretary-General of the United Nations) or a hybrid arrangement.
Anastasia: I intend to hold it on top of my neck.
Subprogramme 2. Investment, enterprise, development and technology: $470,000
5. The present report will review the information provided for each subsection and present an analysis of the responses to provide an idea of the progress made by countries in drug demand reduction efforts.
It"s an honor to be speaking to you today.
There are several marvelous ways that your body changes when you begin a consistent aerobic exercise program.
28. The Commission also approved the Special Rapporteur's recommendation that the Secretariat should contact the relevant international organizations in order to obtain information and their views on particular aspects of the topic.
You are. and please, try to be on time with the premiums.
(iii) Take part in film, theatre, radio or television productions;
 In addition, our policy towards Cuba also includes the important element of direct support for the Cuban people.
Bulgaria is now leading this process and will spare no effort to strengthen the prospects for European integration for the entire South-East European region.
3:13 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: 3:14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
19 quinquies. The supplementary information described in paragraph 19 quater will be included in a Party’s national GHG inventory report.
UNOCI continues to report a number of security incidents in western Côte d'Ivoire, most significantly an attack in midSeptember 2011 on two border villages in western Côte d'Ivoire which resulted in at least 21 persons being killed, several wounded, and some 30 houses being burned, and incidents in late October and early November 2011 in that area which resulted in at least four civilians being killed.
One must assume that the largest share of them will stay in Germany permanently.
Further COP decisions (12/CP.2, 2/CP.4) provided guidance on the need to assist nonAnnex I Parties with studies leading to the preparation of national programmes to address climate change that are compatible with national plans for sustainable development.
Article 187 Any employee of a bank or of any other banking institution who, for the purpose of making profits, illegally lends the funds he absorbed from the clients instead of entering them into the account book, or uses the funds as loans, thus causing heavy losses, shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than five years or criminal detention and shall also be fined not less than 20,000 yuan but not more than 200,000 yuan; if especially heavy losses are caused, he shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than five years and shall also be fined not less than 50,000 yuan but not more than 500,000 yuan.
In-kind contributions include inventory items which can be distributed to beneficiaries and the use of premises, utilities, transport and personnel.
This cat should have a name.
As mentioned above, significant progress was made in 2007 in respect of governmental contributions to the programmes and projects of UNIDO.
[Adopted without a vote]
One human monoclonal antibody in development has achieved long-lasting remission from inflammatory conditions.
Budget sections reflecting decreases in staffing levels
TCS has designed a box that connects the television to the internet via a mobile phone.
There is an increase in the number of scientists that register for the 3rd Scientific Conference compared to the 2nd Scientific Conference
He further described the full array of legislative and other measures adopted to combat terrorism.
5. The programme takes advantage of the wealth of know-how, technology and experience of each partner as a building block for the formulation and delivery of an integrated package of solutions for the automotive component sector.
NPT/CONF.2015/PC.I/INF/5
 They have been implemented in several decisions of the Trial Chamber granting protection to witnesses.
Everyone knows how the work week can take a toll on employees, but new research suggests the five-day slog may have even broader impacts--on climate.
E. Recovery of amounts paid as death or disability benefits from third parties found liable by a court or pursuant to national legislation for the injury or death of a participant
Municipalities outside of Winnipeg are currently being consulted about extending this onetier system across the entire Province.
It's really easy to get a press pass!
III. Grave violations of children's rights
Council members welcomed the commencement of the work of the Panel of Experts and expressed their expectation that the Panel would continue its work, in accordance with relevant Council resolutions and under the direction of the Committee, so as to achieve full implementation of the measures set out in its resolutions 1718 (2006) and 1874 (2009).
"And he reported to us how he had seen the angel standing in his house, and saying, 'Send to Joppa and have Simon, who is also called Peter, brought here
So Eric Schmidt, and other executives, blithely insisted that all was well.
35. Detailed information on requirements for supplies and services is provided in annex II.A.
Jimmy and others of the gang were running toward them.Martin was thrilling all over.
That was evident this week in Libya.
11. Environmental protection 42-44 13
The new icon product of the "Classic New Generation". An elegant and singular fragrance for men, blending tradition and modernity.
Just then a taxi drew up to the sidewalk.
I need the room, captain.
You're all right, Caddie, I tell you.
18.83 A provision of $37,900 is proposed for the travel of staff for consultations on programme coordination, administrative, financial and personnel matters, within and outside the region.
Moreover, victims and their representatives should be entitled to seek and obtain information on the causes leading to their victimization and on the causes and conditions pertaining to the gross violations of human rights and serious violations of humanitarian law and to learn the truth in regard to these violations.
The Fourth World Conference on Women in 1995 adopted the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, indicating strategic objectives and actions in a number of areas, and notably regarding women's role in the economy.
Night observation equipment
Greenhouse gas data interface.
Such a connection is nothing but a disingenuous attempt that will only allow the region's only nuclear-weapon Power to buy more time to continue producing and stockpiling nuclear and unconventional weapons, hence drawing us away from our stated goal.
We should always put others first and place their interests before our own.
We cannot supersede or substitute these Charter provisions, for there is no alternative to the Security Council's legality in the use of armed force.
Verified oil reserves are 33 percent of the total deposits, and China has begun to enter the middle phase of oil prospecting, still seeing a big potential.
The fact that in the past 19 years Cuba has obtained significant international support against the policy imposed by the United States Government is a sign of the increasing sympathy which the struggle of the Cuban people is eliciting at the international level and convincing proof of the almost unanimous rejection by the international community of this inhuman policy.
San Marino
My delegation aligns itself with the statement made by Indonesia on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM).
16. The Council shall review the administrative and financial status of the Centre and the implementation of its programme of work.
However it was, our obligations and responsibilities are to ensure by all means that our children, our future, will enjoy a life filled with laughter, fun and joy.
The Law on Prevention of Discrimination against Persons with Disabilities (LPDPD) defines persons with disabilities as persons with congenital or acquired physical, sensory, intellectual or emotional (psychosocial) impairment who are, due to social or other barriers, unable or have limited opportunities to engage in social activities at the same level as others, regardless of whether they are capable to carry out such activities with the use of technical aids or support services (art. 3, para. 1).
Victimization rates are usually higher among migrants than among nationals (sometimes disproportionately higher, by a factor of six or more) for both property crimes and violent crimes.
Despite some achievements on the ground, most notably on reducing poverty and improving access to education and better health care in some areas, substantial challenges remained.
Is it a government policy to allow its departments to transfer resources to one another in an underhand manner?
Water and sanitation had to be addressed along with slum upgrading in an integrated manner, particularly at the implementation level.
More often than not, it is difficult to  the exact meaning of a Chines e idiom in English.
The principle of universal jurisdiction should not be invoked to diminish respect for a country's national jurisdiction, to denigrate the integrity and values of its legal system, or for political ends, in violation of the rules and principles of international law.
21. Better coordination is also needed to ensure more consistency in depositor and investor protection schemes across countries.
The various programmes will be implemented in line with the plan.
Our work starts with checking incoming materials , quality inspection, continues with storage , inventory, packing and transportation.
The rise of Khorchin writers group in contemporary era owes to the rich cultural resources in Khorchin.
35. Internal discussions on result chains and impact assessment matrixes have been identified along the lines of the logical causality between the outputs and services delivered by the GM and the outcomes in the form of incremental resources mobilized, establishment of an enabling environment, and knowledge and information exchange and advice on budget processes, investments and financing.
55. The risk assessment methodology developed in 2006 and currently being implemented is a major initiative to attune the Office's oversight assignments to the areas of highest risk to the Organization.
She was seated at the prosecutor's table with five other young assistant district attorneys who had been sworn in with her that morning.
(b) (i) Increase in use of knowledge services provided by the Dag Hammarskjöld Library in support of United Nations priorities
There are different ways to dry and store popcorn for future use.
After many years of tragically futile exercises, the moment has come for a decisive step towards real peace in Bosnia and in the Balkans.
2. Takes note with satisfaction of the progress report on the Fund's management charter, which introduced specific goals and objectives, a detailed action plan for achieving such goals and the status report on the implementation of each goal;
21. A rights-based approach starts from the premise that all children are "rights holders."
What's more, you never have to wrestle with sexual boredom or lack of variety (and you'll be the envy of all your married friends)
China, which has a 3,300-kilometre border with the Central Asian landlocked developing countries, increased its share in those countries' trade from 2.4 per cent in 1995 to 4.7 per cent in 2000.
42. The Bureau also held useful and constructive meetings with the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs and the Under- Secretary-General for Public Information on key elements of the implementation of its programme of work.
I've spoken plain English, sir   What do you want for yourselves?
Housing sales, which at one point last year were rising by more than 50% from a year earlier, softened early this year, and are now plunging.
(g) the commercial (first) functional constituency;
During the latter part of 1993, UNITAR headquarters was moved from New York to Geneva.
(a) The Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development and the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development;
Much of the information would be confidential.
In addition, the following countries have also become sponsors of the draft resolution: Barbados, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ghana, Israel and the Niger.
 "Central America offers all the necessary conditions for the independent implementation of a peace plan and an agenda for development.
The 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee also features SIRIUS Travel Link.
He shifted his position from the horizontal.
Jhenaigati Upazila
SpringboardThey are hoping that their successes in the local elections will be a springboar to victory in next year's national election.
This crisis may have taught us that unfettered markets are risky.
* CAC/COSP/IRG/2010/1.
The CNM also includes the National Board for the Microcredit Promotion Act in Argentina, chaired by the Ministry of Social Development, together with the Ministries of Economy, Labour and Education, INAES, INAI, CONADIS, and provincial representatives, to promote women's access to microcredit and to involve the provincial women's offices in promoting local development through the use of microcredit.
Article 33 of the Act specifies that a performer has the following personal (moral) and proprietary (economic) rights:
1. The Greenland Self-Government authorities shall exercise legislative and executive power in the fields of responsibility taken over.
Recent developments of research on the microstructure modeling and mechanical properties of three dimensional braided composites at home and abroad are summarized in this paper.
Against this background, the Council states the following:
www.un.org/en/sc/ctc/
If December's demanding work month, you may need to let some of your traditional holiday habits slide.
More than just an exploration of historical items, there is also a science lesson here.
Two armed men were observed in the vicinity of BP33
Students and better-educated Saharans were allegedly particular targets.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this proposal.
We hadnt been in the air more than two hours whenwesaw our first carcass.
I reiterate my support for Lithuania's proposal, made here at the United Nations exactly a year ago, that new permanent members could be added to the Security Council.
He either has lunch with his general clients or in the staff restaurant with officers.He often go to check in the branch banks in the afternoon and has collegium meeting on Monday.
" "No doubt.
If they had only had one more child, the fact would have passed unnoticed.
Raspberry includes mang kinds of amino acid and microelement.
26. In terms of the intervention packages, coverage for those interventions that can be described as "schedulable" -- antenatal care, vitamin A supplementation, deworming, ITNs and immunization -- have the strongest positive trends.
The Ministers affirmed the continued relevance and validity of all principled positions and decisions of the Movement as contained in the substantive outcome documents of the 15th NAM Summit held in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, on 15th and 16th July 2009, including the Sharm El Sheikh Final Document and the Sharm El Sheikh Declaration, and the preceding fourteen Summit Conferences of the Movement, as well as all preceding Ministerial Conferences or Meetings of the Movement.
Advancement of women [61]
This right should have precedence over the right to the allocation of best-loser seats, which is a protection afforded to minorities in the First Schedule.
To turn the tide, three priorities had to be addressed, namely: strengthening gender equality in national development strategies; strengthening a coherent and integrated approach across the United Nations system; and strengthening monitoring and accountability by women on the ground.
You let slip all the information about my secret experiments.
On 18 May 2009, losing any hope that the courts would consider investigating her son's allegations of torture, the complainant's mother filed a petition directly with the Department of Internal Security of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, requesting the conduct of a prompt and thorough investigation.
There are many different types of marine debris; different approaches to their prevention and removal are therefore required.
This should be ensured through two mutually reinforcing approaches: by creating a stand-alone equality goal; and by ensuring that other goals, targets, and indicators are explicitly designed to reveal who is left behind and to provide incentives for progress towards ensuring access for the most disadvantaged;
"Grosvenor knew full well what its legal responsibilities were.
3. Enhancing dialogue through country visits
(d) Ensuring gender balanced decision-making to include women's perspectives and concerns in the formulation, implementation and evaluation of policy decisions and outcomes.
It was also necessary to intensify educational activities on the rights of children and incorporate, where appropriate, the Convention on the Rights of the Child in the formal and non-formal educational programmes of all communities.
' And when he came backsaid the man.I wanted to give him back ten ducats. And so I kept my word to him
Health spending was high: the Ministry of Health had the third largest budget of all the Government ministries.
Introduction
He tried to pull the mother sheep out of the field.
The situation regarding delivery of basic services to unrecognized villages is described below in the section II.M.4.
She said something about me, didn't she?
UAC TurboTrain
In September 2005, at the High-Level Meeting on Financing for Development, on the occasion of the 60th Anniversary of the United Nations, President Hu Jintao announced the new measures China would adopt to increase assistance to other developing countries: China will give zero tariff treatment for certain products to all the 39 Least-Developed Countries (LDCs) having diplomatic relations with China, covering most commodities exported by these countries to China; further expand aid to Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPCs) and LDCs; through bilateral channels, exempt or cancel in other ways within the next two years of all the outstanding interest-free and low-interest government loans due as of the end of 2004 owed by all the HIPCs having diplomatic relations with China; within the next three years, provide US$10 billion in preferential loans and preferential export buyer's credit to developing countries to help them strengthen the construction of infrastructure, promote enterprises of both sides to carry out joint venture cooperation; within the next three years, increase aid to developing countries, particularly aid to African countries in related areas, provide to them medicines including effective drugs to prevent malaria, help them build and improve medical facilities and train medical personnel; and train 30,000 persons of various professions from the developing countries within the next three years, and help relevant countries expedite the training of talented people.
The repertory of a concert band includes marches, and other forms of music.
(f) Caste systems;
At that time, markets were beginning to fear that monetary-policy normalization and an end to quantitative easing in the United States would have dire consequences globally.
Review, and where appropriate, reduce regulatory requirements (e.g. licenses, procedures, administrative fees)
6. Under article 6 (3) of the Declaration, "States should take steps to eliminate obstacles to development resulting from the failure to observe civil and political rights, as well as economic, social and cultural rights".
Opening of the session
All meeting reports from the Group and its task forces are available on the Roll Back Malaria Partnership website (www.rollbackmalaria.org).
Thirty-sixth session
And which of them made this passage?
In his response, the Director of the Americas Bureau acknowledged the encouragement and support expressed in the course of the debate for UNHCR's strategy in the region.
Miki Kanie
(3) Loan proposal (including working capital finance)
The hope arouses the national economic development with the information industries, and become the big country of the information industry.
They're extremely inhospitable these days.
Copies of the newsletter Danas I Sutra (Today and Tomorrow)
A holy calm rested on her face, as if the arthly remains bore the impress of the truth that she now stood in the presence
Develop exchanges and recommendations as to national legislative and judicial measures relating to counterterrorism in order to bridge the legal and procedural gaps preventing the proper prevention, arrest and detention, and punishment of terrorists for their crimes.
And the old soldiers, rows of military medals pinned to their civilian clothes, are reminiscing about the war, the friends they lost and the savage, tragic history of the country they saved.
The situation in Burundi (25 October 1993; 22 May 2008)
We amoney - back guarantee if you are not happy with your purchase in any way.
The Special Rapporteur notes that the civil society, including NGOs, the media and private individuals, has often been instrumental in pressing the competent authorities to launch inquiries into incidents of extrajudicial killings or to reopen investigations into cases already considered closed.
The author was offered and followed a French language training, but on 8 April 1997, following the Speaker's Office refusal to let him return to work, he addressed a complaint to his employer, claiming that the bilingual requirement had not been issued bona fide and was discriminatory.
Americas economic management is so lax that it cant confront farm subsidies or long-term budget deficits.
17. This component encompasses security stabilization, and the reform of police, judicial and corrections sectors.
It notes that it is still less accountable for the conflict situation in Burundi.
4. Agrarian change, gender and land rights
96. Two additional posts are proposed for a P-3 Programme Officer and a P-2 Associate Programme Officer, Risk Management Team (see A/62/783, paras. 145-151).
Majeon station
The red-faced, merry soldier was still twitching convulsively ; but they did not carry him away.
The view has been expressed that the right of a State to expel an alien does not necessarily include the right to determine the destination of the alien.
(f) Examination of possible techniques that could be used to collect such information;
Wars end when enemies are defeated.
The joint assessment approach was deemed unacceptable by UNMOVIC.
(g) Donors should respond rapidly and generously to the urgent funding needs of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
(e) Establishment of a virtual community of knowledge to share experiences and lessons learned in the areas of macroeconomic policy, external shocks and social protection systems in relation to poverty, inequality and social vulnerability;
Some suggestions on in-situ and ex-situ conservations are brought op in the article.
The State party should also recognize the right of transgender persons to a change of gender by permitting the issuance of new birth certificates.
5. IFF recalled IPF proposals for action 94 (a), 94 (c) and 94 (d), and underlined that forest research should have a country-driven approach.
Under rule 66 of the rules of procedure, the General Assembly decided not to discuss the reports of the First Committee which were before the Assembly.
The Commission adopted the draft decision (see chap. I, sect. B, decision 43/106).
Extra costs regarding area staff health insurance
The reception centre at Harad received support from the Al-Salih Foundation to enhance the effective participation of prominent civil society organizations involved in child protection programmes;
Number of letters sent /received by the refugees;
Agenda item 119
At least six naval and chartered ships are being used by the government to take the migrants to transit camps on the mainland.
25 April 1985
Curricula vitae of candidates
2銆乊ou're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
The Working Group unanimously adopted the report at its 126th meeting, on 10 October 2002.
Ramsden
5. UNIKOM's concept of operations during the period under review was based on a combination of patrol and observation bases, observation points, ground, sea and air patrols, investigation teams and liaison with the parties at all levels.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction" (under agenda item 106) (convened by the delegation of Hungary)
This kind of products are well sold in foreign markets.
All levels of society in the Member States were invited to contribute to the discussions, attend the centennial events and participate in organizing the proposed regional discussions.
Mackinac Bridge
(Signed) Inocencio F. Arias
Conduct monitoring and sample assessments of country office donor reporting performance (all regional offices)
Participation in a CDM project activity is voluntary.
25. On 16 and 17 August 1993, at 1330 hours, and on 18 August at 1300 hours, 20 Iraqi engineering crew personnel, including some scuba divers, initiated three explosions to demolish the Be'sat Bridge at the geographical coordinates of 665-150 on the map of Nahr-e-Alishir.
There is a dry season (gravana) from June to August and short periods of tropical rain during the rest of the year.
Rumour has it that there is a giant bunker somewhere near the Barbican in London.
According to figures supplied by MEST, the number of students completing grade 9 (conclusion of lower secondary/compulsory education) in 2002/3 was 30,802 and the number going on to grade 10 (upper secondary) in 2003/4 was 25,126.
The Investigations Service provided Chase with three fax transmission confirmations: one for the 14 July fax and two for the 17 August fax which had been sent twice to Chase.
A great dog scorns the snarling of a little dog.
Research Offr(Surveillance Sec)5
Fax : (852) 2716 3261.
While prices have since fallen by as much as 40 to 50 percent, they are still well above their pre-crisis levels with global cereal prices for example, still some 70 percent higher than in 2005.
Of this number, only an estimated 47,000 were being assisted as refugees and some 34,000 as returnees.
Shuanglong Cave
 Transport activities of the secretariat which are geared to overcome bottlenecks or system constraints will primarily include the following:
Usually there is lively chatter before the evening's diversion.
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
Provisional agenda for the twelfth session of the Commission
鈥淭hey can compellingly bring that into Facebook and MySpace in a very interesting kind of Trojan horse strategy,鈥?said Reuben Steiger, founder of virtual world creative agency Millionsofus.
Only the State could legally invoke the immunity of its officials.
Class Licence for In-building Telecommunications Systems
On the premise that the best interests of the child are always paramount in all measures relating thereto, many new decisions have been adopted by the special judiciary hearing juvenile cases, on the basis of which several important principles have been established, including:
|   |  | Get Out of the Comfort,Go Higher          Executive coaching is primarily concerned with confidential one-to-one discussions between the coach and the executive
36. In many cases, internal regulations are not consistent with the law and are not properly applied. Conciliation is wrongly encouraged, and when it is applied, the victim usually withdraws her complaint, thereby paving the way for impunity.
15. Ms. Traoré (Guinea) said that the education of women was a priority for the Government in its effort to reduce gender disparities.
The Executive Director participated in the workshop on globalization and its effects on the health of the poor, from 12 to 16 August 1999 in Kathmandu, Nepal.
He is so constituted that he needs very little sleep.
Closing of the list of speakers
Iranian businesspeople
I had to wind up the kite string after we had finished playing with it.
God gives every bird its foodbut he doesnt throw it into its nest.
Chief Engineer
Namibia is pleased with the enhanced role of the Economic and Social Council.
Do we have any wax?
We hope that Conference will mark a significant step towards the solution of these questions by addressing together the issues of population, economic growth and sustainable development.
His father had been a bank cashier, but he lingered for years, dying of consumption in Arizona, so that when he was dead, Mr. Butler, Charles Butler he was called, found himself alone in the world.
The dissemination of democratic norms from the advanced countries of the West to the rest of the world has been perhaps the most significant benefit of globalization.
Asarum splendens
2. The term of service of a member, or an alternate member, shall start at the first meeting of the Executive Board in the calendar year following his/her election and shall end immediately before the first meeting of the Executive Board in the calendar year in which the term ends.
Besides, the circular has not provided factory price adjustment of liquefied gas.
In this regard, countries have perceived the milestones as setting out the order in which additions to national accounts must be approached.
Building a user - defined honeypot system can better fulfil different requirement.
It is what one feels when special things are happening or everything is going great.
Both unfurnished and moderately decorated show flats will be made available in Tung Tao Court, Lei On Court and Kam Fung Court for viewing by prospective purchasers during application and flat selection periods.
22. Efforts to try to intensify discussions on the core issues in both formal and informal plenary meetings have been conducted in the shadow of fruitless if well-meaning efforts by successive presidents to find agreement on a programme of work, and thus have not matured.
The pertinent bill remained in Congress for more than 13 years.
The 1978 Vienna Convention on Succession of States in respect of Treaties contains only one provision on reservations, namely article 20, which is worded as follows:
Richard Wagner was equally unscrupulous in other ways.
(e-mail journal@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-3888 and 963-6776; room IN-908,
19. The Committee recommends that the State party enact and implement comprehensive laws guaranteeing the substantive equality of women with men in both the public and private sectors, especially in regard to equal pay and equal opportunity in employment.
The disclosure of a business account interest rates, and this basic line.
(ii) Expenditures under global, regional and intercountry programmes are not included in table 2.
In accordance with Executive Board decision 96/27, the Executive Director presents the results of a study on enhancing the absorptive capacity and financial resource utilization in recipient countries, in particular in Africa.
We were pleased to have witnessed broad participation by representatives of neighbouring countries and other international partners at the Conference.
A discussion on globalization and interdependence should therefore reflect all aspects of the phenomenon.
I can create my own universe if I'm so inclined and not just hold up half the sky Equality of men and women is not a slogan.
Have if planar design is done the foundation is very difficult.
both the Government's voluntary contributions and the Special Disciplined Services Contribution would be fully vested in an officer on death or retirement on permanent incapacity.
Today, we all have the opportunity to give tangible expression to this support.
Nathan and Aaron fell asleep long before Spook had finished his gloomy tale.
The Ministry focused primarily on the elaboration of an institutional strategy on domestic violence, which was incorporated in public safety policies.
Oswego County, New York
Consideration is being given to waiving the staff member's immunity from legal process before the local authorities
But this time I think his number is up - he has a smart young man running against him with a lot of new ideas
38. Based on the above findings, OIOS believes there is a need for the Organization to review and closely monitor the work of the plan administrators as a means of (a) ensuring that the expenditures reported and fees charged by them are accurate and reasonable and (b) preventing unjustified cost increases as a result of the inefficient administration of the plans and the inadequate handling of reimbursement claims.
Informal "informal" consultations, convened by the Facilitator, Mr. Thomas Gass (Switzerland), on the draft resolution on the report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-third session, under agenda item 52 (Sustainable development), will be held today, 15 November 2005, from 1 to 2 p.m. in Conference Room A.
The oceans give us wonderful plants and animals to enjoy.
Advertising gifts, gifts, promotional gifts, advertising goods.
9. Please describe briefly:
82. An immunization and prophylaxis programme extending to 2020 has been introduced to improve epidemic control.
Strengthening the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme with regard to the development of crime statistics and the operations of criminal justice systems
He looked at me and broke into a soft laughter.
The IAEA's role in combating nuclear proliferation and the urgency of providing it with all necessary means to perform its verification responsibilities in an effective and credible manner has been highlighted by the verification challenges of the past few years.
(c) Defining national priorities and macro-policies in terms of human development and ensuring that children's and women's well-being are at the forefront of development efforts;
Continuous handling equipment and systems - Safety requirements for systems and their components for pneumatic handling of bulk materials.
Behold, they shall be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit before it.
And this love map is largely determined in childhood.
However, it had been unable to agree on when such divergences should be deemed to cause "excessive fluctuations or distortions".
Of course I appreciated her She thought of everybody except herself.
27. During the reporting period, the Unit also participated in the thirty-first meeting of the representatives of internal audit services of the United Nations organizations and multilateral financial institutions, held in Rome in May 2000, as well as the Inter-Agency Working Group on Evaluation, held in Geneva in early 2000.
SEO (Human Resource Mgt) 1
To explore the effect of hyperbaric oxygen and gina ton in the treatment of sudden deafness.
We should have news before long.
China (Hong Kong)
Space exhibition
May such say,Is opposite in the traditional signature with the seal,The electron signs is the information age seal.
9 August:
Methods must be sought to achieve the minimum required figure and revise programmes upwards to ensure predictability and strengthen the image of UNDP as a reliable development partner.
2. The reporting period was characterized by positive political and security developments.
Also that year, a national program for women's sports was presented by the Sports Administration and was approved by the Ministry of Education.
Debt swaps could also be used to provide business development services.
For example, every local authority was required to appoint an adviser on the status of women, who would participate in meetings of the local council.
As stated in the oral statement issued in connection with the resolution, it is understood that the Assembly will consider all issues related to the Conference, including the date, format, organization and scope during the intergovernmental consultations.
It is the interaction between people, rather than the events that occur in their lives, that is the main focus of social psychology.
167. If the Government decides to settle a claim (often following a report of the Waitangi Tribunal), the Office of Treaty Settlements enters into negotiations with the claimants.
Table 1
Magistrates of Yilan County, Taiwan
As a basic framework of our future endeavour, it is imperative to build upon what we have achieved in the course of our discussions within the Working Group.
A poster campaign and website were launched in November 2002 with a view to making the programme more widely known and accessible.
There was a need for greater appreciation of the important role of CPC in the planning and budgeting process.
We call on both sides to recreate the positive environment of mutual trust and to resume the peace talks.
The operations must be carefully planned.
I was odd. I always have been.
Superacid
The Government asserts that the Funds Raised were required “for the direct support and recovery of Kuwait and its people during and after the occupation of Kuwait by Iraq, including the reconstruction of Kuwait’s civil infrastructure”.
In this context, his Government would finance an independent appraisal of UNICEF water sector activities.
"Thus," we are told by the guide, "do we secure our choicest products.
I strain my ears, and all my senses, for some betrayal of that impending storm.
It took note of Somalia's intention to ratify a number of international instruments, including the CRC.
(d) Representatives of non-governmental organizations should be allowed, upon request, to attend the meetings of the Committee other than those designated closed, to be seated in the designated area, to receive documents of the Committee and, at their own expense, to make written material available to the participants in the Committee.
He shrank back at the memory of his lost heroic fantasies.
Regional cooperation framework for the Arab States
My solace came from the place where single women usually find it: my other single friends.
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz players
As a consequence, the income from this activity is expected to increase from $100,000 to $200,000 for the operation of both facilities.
To that end, we abstained in the voting on the Declaration.
III. Summary of deliberations
10. The outcome of the study was positive in the sense that the proposed centre not only has the full support of the Government of Ecuador and the national and regional institutions with which it would cooperate, but that such support may also be expected from the wider international climate science constituency.
Indicate whether the Government intends to issue directives, establish quotas, or take any other specific measures to increase the representation of women at senior levels of government, the judiciary as well as their representation at the international level.
Late at night, you sometimes have to fight the urge to dig a fighting trench in the yard to sleep in.
28. Mr. Castello (United States of America) said that, as was reflected in paragraph 16 of document A/CN.9/688, the working group had felt that the word "award" would be too restrictive in draft article 40, paragraph 1, because the arbitral tribunal could fix the costs in a decision at any stage of the proceedings.
They took note, in that regard, of the observations contained in the letter from the Secretary-General dated 29 December 1998 (S/1998/1233).
At the most, the incorporation in the list of terrorist associations can have the value of an indication that, together with other elements, could be taken into consideration ..."
Lei Cheng Uk Han Tomb
Report on the Activities of the Personal Representative of the OSCE Chairman-in-Office on the Conflict Dealt with by the OSCE Minsk Conference, 1 September - 31 October 2004 (p. 48, para. 48): "On Oct. 5, the "NKR Prime Minister", A.Daniyelyan outlined details of a programme to double the population from 150,000 to 300,000.
His mother was badly hurt and she was quickly taken to hospital.
Women who smoke are 12 times more likely to die from the disease.
Nouvion-sur-Meuse
Zimbabwe
The cluster has assisted the African Union Commission and NEPAD in harmonizing regional negotiation positions on trade matters in the context of the African, Caribbean and Pacific States-European Union economic partnership agreements and the Doha Round, especially on market access issues relating to Africa's agricultural commodities.
In the bar - room he found assembled quite a miscellaneous company.
E. Rights of persons with disabilities
15. Emphasizes that no peacekeeping mission shall be financed by borrowing funds from other active peacekeeping missions;
(a) There were no indications to suggest that Iraq had been successful in its attempt to produce nuclear weapons.
The competent administrative department for construction under the State Council shall be responsible for working out the standard aseismatic design for construction projects of all kinds of houses and buildings and the facilities attached to them and of the urban utilities, except as otherwise provided in paragraph 3 of this Article.
7. On 3 May 2010, Kyrgyzstan was reviewed by the Human Rights Council, in the context of the universal periodic review.
In order to change this disadvantageous status in foreign trade British continued to smuggle opium to China in larger volumes.
That's why the power was so inconsistent.
A campaign was launched on this issue, spearheaded by the Ministry of Employment and Labour, the employers and the unions.
We fully sympathize with, and grieve with, the peoples and the Governments of the Dominican Republic and of Haiti.
- Monitoring the implementation of agreed standards
Raymond Gilmartin  Raymond Gilmartin: I think its important, 1)particularly with an 2)innovative company, to be able to 3)tap into the 4)creativity thats throughout the organization, and you cant tap into that creativity if you try to sit in your office and 5)issue orders in an 6)autocratic fashion.
The list of speakers for the general debate and for all other items allocated to the Second Committee is open.
While the modalities of the universal periodic review are under consideration by the Human Rights Council, a preliminary assessment has been made and a proposal for an additional three posts for the Universal Periodic Review Unit has been included in the proposed programme budget for biennium 2008-2009 (A/62/6 (Sect. 23)), as indicated in paragraph 19 above.
Item 3 (a) of the provisional agenda
An old dog will learn no new tricks. 0268.
Job quotas had been established for the disabled and for other vulnerable groups, as they were the most exposed to the harsh consequences of the market.
The value valuated in accordance with a reasonable method.
The lyrical state is a state beyond forms and systems.
A: I prefer it earlier.
Further in this regard, NAM reaffirms its position that the Palestine Liberation Organization remains the sole and legitimate representative of the Palestinian people and remains an essential party to any negotiations aimed at resolving the conflict.
278. There are several initiatives being undertaken by the Government for the betterment and welfare of children.
However, all the efforts of developing countries would be in vain if the international community, led by the United Nations, did not make commensurate efforts to support them.
This text surrounds that problem, makes some accidence and system discussion.
Reaffirms the Mid-term Global Review of Progress towards the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s, in particular the appropriate actions required in favour of those countries concerning their official bilateral, commercial and multilateral debts;
But perhaps the statistical claim "obscures the complex underlying reality which is that women's labour in agriculture cannot be neatly separated from their other time uses; neither can it be separated from men's labour; nor can women's labour in agriculture be understood properly without also understanding the differential access to land, capital, assets, human capital and other productive resources" (Doss, 2011).
Objective of the Organization
 Furthermore, it was contrary to all the principles of financial management to approve a commitment authority without a commensurate assessment.
2. Reiterates that sustainable development is a key element of the overarching framework for United Nations activities, in particular for achieving the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration6 and in the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;5
It circled over the sea between Sidon and Tyre before leaving at 2140 hours over the sea off Naqurah.
He welcomed the recent ratifications of the CTBT, since the delay in its entry into force weakened the disarmament and non-proliferation regime and undermined the international community's quest to achieve a world free of nuclear weapons.
China is of the view that the IAEA should adopt a balanced approach towards both categories of activities, with emphasis on the following areas.
A. General remarks
The Sunshine State certainly is worth visiting. Come down for a vacation sometime. I'll take you to Disney World.
Ministerial/high-level discussion:
II. PROMOTION OF INTOLERANCE BY THE MEDIA AND INTELLECTUALS 31 - 43 12
(UNA023-03033) Asia, Pacific and Middle East Branch
Except where indicated all the following puzzles are normal word maze puzzles.
Recalling Commission on Narcotic Drugs resolutions 45/1 and 46/2 on strengthening strategies regarding the prevention of HIV/AIDS in the context of drug abuse, as well as its resolution 47/2 on prevention of HIV/AIDS among drug users,
The main method of outreach for the empowerment of women in human settlements is through the global women's networks that form part of the Huairou Commission.
Road Safety Bulletin 13th issue (September 2005)
In its decision 62/547, the Assembly decided to set, effective 1 April 2008, the annual net base salary, inter alia, of the members of the International Court of Justice at $158,000, with the corresponding post adjustment per multiplier point equal to 1 per cent of the net base salary, to which would be applied the post adjustment multiplier for the Netherlands, taking into account the adjustment mechanism as proposed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 77 of his report on conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials (A/62/538).
6. International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People
Statement 2
This should be supported by knowledge management systems to enable access for country teams to the expertise and information of the relevant agencies;
Such indices include:
Zurndorf
appropriate choice of words in business wiring plays a vital part in achieving the writer's anticipated effect.
70. This section presents general observations and recommendations concerning the work of the Panel and the Panel's reports to the Committee.
Electronic versions in Microsoft Word should be sent to gaab@un.org, or to dpu-dgacm@un.org, to facilitate the processing of communications.
15 or more
Guidance papers for each Annex III hazard characteristic are currently being developed under the Convention.
Her accent argued that she was born abroad.
If we do not have a good understanding of other races, it is perhaps time to re-examine our attitude.
Theme 2: Contextualizing violence
Educational experts point out that it is equally important to take some sport activities instead of extra studies when children have spent the whole day in a boring classroom. 74
Regarding the review of the sentence, the Supreme Court, taking into consideration the Committee's Views, annulled the decision that had been made in cassation and conducted a new appeal in cassation, reaching a decision on 11 September 2003.
Some delegations also supported the development of an international plan of action on safety in the fisheries sector (see also para. 179 below).
There came a little blackbird,
The promotion of return, even on a temporary basis, of skilled workers to their countries of origin was also recommended.
UNFPA multi-year funding framework, 2004-2007
Most small and slow - growing aortic aneurysms don't rupture, but large, fast - growing
The combination of processes triggered by climate change, such as sea level rise, extreme weather events and coral bleaching, and the resulting loss of biodiversity can be expected to cause increasing damage to already fragile island economies, reversing years of development efforts and posing an enormous risk to the sustainable development of SIDS.
9. The President of the Economic and Social Council, Martin Sajdik, made an opening statement.
The establishment by the Executive Director of a small, credible, independent expert advisory group concerned with multiple level assessment needs to provide timely updates on the state of the environment and emerging issues;
15. Parti pour la réconciliation
There are six in total.
At present, most power plants are working at less than 50 per cent of their installed capacity.
Elven Races - Comprised of Half Elves, Wood Elves, and High Elves.
Monetary compensation, even if substantial, could not replace the loss of livelihood.
19. Mr. Jang Hun (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) said that the European Union had been interfering in the internal affairs of Myanmar for several years by putting forward country-specific resolutions on the situation of human rights in that country.
1. Comité national de soutien aux forces de réunification
In the circumstances, I believe the decisions that were taken by the Fed and the U.S. Treasury were the right ones.
the driver haven't be able to see the orther car.
059. Restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic,
It was understood that the reference document should be somewhat more normative in nature than document A/CN.9/653.
Energy economy is an important part of the national economy.
Would you please sign this bill first? Thank you, sir.
Since February 2012, she has worked as a deputy chief of the Sea Affairs section at the Headquarters of the Tunisian Navy (Armée de mer tunisienne), Ministry of Defence.
The Committee should give careful consideration to adopting an approach which would give much greater prominence in its work to the right to social protection.
967. During the visits of farms particular attention was paid to safety of children.
I shall always cherish the happy memories of our delightful friends and our trip together.
"Stressing the importance of undertaking all the preparatory activities for the Eleventh Congress in a timely and concerted manner,
27. Therefore, it is suggested to withdraw from the text of article 1 of the draft, the words “subject to its jurisdiction”.
Furthermore, cooperation between the SICPS and the Ombudsman should be improved and adequate follow-up should be given to the Ombudsman's recommendations by all relevant authorities.
No one should forget the valuable contribution of religions to civilizations and to the very identity of the individuals making up those civilizations.
UNICEF
Not all organizations having implemented the Accord have experienced problems and some are satisfied with it, while those having experienced problems consider that "the Accord is complex and its implementation is time-consuming and cumbersome".
The new cameras' 2X digital signal processor supplies twice the processing power of conventional cameras.
Pam made the dress by hand.
35. Ms. Lannan (International Trade Law Division) said that a new paragraph should be inserted after paragraph 14 of document A/CN.9/XLI/CRP.1/Add.12, reading: "Following informal consultations, it was proposed that the following phrase be inserted into the chapeau of the draft provision, after the phrase `enters into force': `including any future amendment thereto'.
Article 48 Expenses directly incurred by an enterprise in production and provision of service, including direct labour, direct materials, purchase price of commodities and other direct expenses shall be charged directly into the cost of production or operation;
In 2006, an important law was adopted in Japan to address the issue of human rights violations, with amendments in 2007 to strengthen international cooperation on this front.
He has good size for a PG, and seemed to also have an ability to really bother his man defensively.
Positive trends were noted in retail trade (10.2 per cent) and remunerated services (13.1 per cent).
Description of the baseline calculation methodology and justification of choice;
s nothing interesting in the newspaper.
Summary of projected expenditures by budget section and main determining factor
23. Wind energy capacity has been developed to a commercial scale and has been installed in offshore locations, primarily in Europe, with a total worldwide capacity of 2,100 MW installed by the end of 2009.
International: the strengthening of the commitment to Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) and the need for it to be implemented in Northern Ireland.
Subsequently, the occupying Power had filed a depositary notification, claiming that it did not recognize the State of Palestine as a State party to the Geneva Conventions.
The report correctly placed the issue of debt and its sustainability within the wider framework of the MDGs.
Unit 3 FamilyOne Modern dating 1 IntroductionA For millions of singles, e-mail has become an essential tool in the dating game.
----Herber  Love me little, love me long.
In that context, the European Union welcomed the report of the Secretary-General on international trade and development (A/61/272), which clearly stated what needed to be done by the international community to deliver growth, development and poverty eradication.
I'm taking an imaginative leap.
:: Holding meetings with all presidential candidates to ensure that their concerns are communicated to the Independent Election Commission or other bodies, as appropriate
We're about to hit the tarmac Or your agent turns up dead?
RESULTS: The method was simple, accurate and reproducible.
The procedure for the submission and consideration of queries regarding the application of approved methodologies by DOEs to the Methodologies Panel (Meth Panel) to include a fast-track procedure;
Total (gross)
Taxonomy/Rubioideae
And in a state of physical balance and security, power, intellectual as well as physical, would be out of place.
Minutes later, a Tibetan woman covered in fake blood briefly blocked the path of the torch relay.
The pope later insisted the whole point of his address was to appeal for a dialogue with Islam.
The Subcommittee also recommends that the soft law standards and principles on the issue be taken into consideration, including those established in the framework of both the United Nations and the inter-American systems (e.g. Principles and Best Practices on the Protection of Persons Deprived of Liberty in the Americas).
Inner Mongolia's GNP reached 98.3 billion yuan in 1996, a 12.4 percent increase over 1995.The per capita income of the region's farmers and herdsmen was 1,602 yuan, a practical increase of 14.8 percent, while the urban per capita income was 3,101 yuan.
Legislative Council Business - Questions (Year 2009)
Recalling its resolution 2997 (XXVII) of 15 December 1972 on institutional and financial arrangements for international environmental cooperation, by which it established the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme,
It is of fair length and is free of loose skin.
OP 1 and related matters from OP 5, OP 6, OP 8 (a), (b), (c) and OP 10
(f) Capacity to upgrade, repair and maintain one existing airfield suitable for use by heavy cargo aeroplanes (e.g., AN-124, C-5A) and up to two other existing airfields for use by medium cargo aeroplanes (e.g., C-130, C-160);
1992 novels
(f) Identifying obstacles at the national, regional and international levels to the implementation of the right to development and promoting awareness about the content and importance of the right to development, including through increased engagement, research, advocacy and informational and educational activities;
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Al-Quds Committee at its twentieth session, chaired by His Majesty King Mohammed VI of Morocco and held in Marrakech on 17 and 18 January 2014, to commence arrangements, in coordination with the chairmanship of the Committee and in consultation with the chairmanship of the Summit and the State of Palestine, for urgent visits by a ministerial group of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) to convey its message on the need to protect Al-Quds and the blessed Al-Aqsa Mosque to the international community,
(a) The number of asylum applications registered and the number of applications processed respectively under the normal and accelerated procedures;
31. A second overarching factor is the impact of the projects in relation to the size of their budgets ($10,000 is not a large sum but it is a substantial amount of money in many countries and for many organizations).
Letter dated 8 May 2008 from the Permanent Representative of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
This is the very type of watch l want to buy.
(a) Regulate companies and world markets, as it relates to the provision for sanitation, health, water, energy, housing, education and public transportation;
Matters calling for action by the Economic and Social Council or brought to its attention
Reaffirming its respect for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, political independence and unity of Somalia,
The private sector invests in providing solutions to DLDD
He is gentle and quiet bashful child, people regards as him goofy.
Third . Establish a definite date when you intend to possess the money you desire.
In 1946, 10 million people died of hunger countrywide.
But while those may be resolved over time, the fundamental change wrought by China and others will be with us for longer.
But clean-energy advocates insist growth is sustainable because of the likes of Mr Schwarzenegger.
With regard to the Junior Professional Officers recruited to various UN organisations in 2000, 50 out of a total of 70 individuals were women.
They also participated in the third Summer Programme on Disarmament and Non-Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction jointly organized by the Asser Institute and OPCW.
Gentlemen , are you wondering how to get to know all those beautiful ladies are new Ogilvy?
C. Article 2, paragraph 5 ter
 Efforts to harmonize the presentation of budgets and accounts in order to improve financial transparency and comparability were welcome.
Here, perhaps, is the real clash of civilizations: the emotional conflict between the European culture of fear and the Muslim, particularly Arab, culture of humiliation.
You're not registered right in this house, you haven't got your wife with you, and the newspapers don't know you're here yet.
In the long run, the public will not tolerate it.
The production of the reports can foster public debate at national and local levels on specific development priorities and can lead to policy reform, institutional changes and resource allocation.
LONDON – The British government has now launched its plan to turn the United Kingdom into an “exporting superpower.”
For meeting the needs of mine production, it is very important that the mine map must be mapped and updated in time.
As Steve's mail indicates, I've decided that two years from now, in July 2008, I want to devote more time to the work of the Bill  Melinda Gates Foundation
After sharing her photos with a few of her online friends, Jane wants to also share them with her grandmother.
Pea Ridge, Shelby County, Alabama
Recipe names are now in the format + for more coherence.
1. Equality and non-discrimination
65. The protection of ONUB personnel, facilities and equipment would be undertaken by ONUB troops in the areas of their deployment, with support from the Government.
The number of international Professional staff is large and the sizes of locations where they serve differ.
Japan will continue to support the Tribunal's valuable work.
Since permits to enter Israel and the West Bank used to be issued by the Israeli Coordinator’s Office, the fact that the permits are now issued by the Employment Bureau of the Ministry of Labour constitutes a negative development in the sense that persons without a licence to practice medicine in Israel cannot receive permits to enter either Israel or the West Bank.
UNDP: inter-fund-related (mostly prior to 2007)
Objective To increase the awareness of lung cancer complicating thrombosis disease ( TD ) .
In his report to the Security Council, the Secretary-General indicated that the annual savings in troop costs may amount to some $20 million annually, including savings for logistic support (S/2004/708, para. 17).
Adoption of the report of the Working Party to the Trade and Development Board
There is also strong support for South-South and triangular cooperation from most of the major donor countries of the North.
Okay guys. that's enough. it's enough.
Nevertheless, we were ready to accept the outcome of the President's process and the compromises which the President and facilitators had labouriously worked out, in dialogue with Member States.
Homeless person
- Restoration of rights of abandoned children: 42 children
The Food Safety (Fishery Products) Ordinance 1996 and the Food Safety (Live Bivalve Molluscs and other Shellfish) Ordinance 1996 were approved by the States in July 1996 and came into force in October 1996.
The Fearless Hyena
It was also suggested, in that regard, that the text of the declaration should be formulated and negotiated only on the basis of the results, conclusions and recommendations emerging from the deliberations during the crime congress.
Where do I put my bags?
Office opens at 15:00.
Adoption of the agenda;
 (f) Served as an arbitrator (appointed by the Government of Sri Lanka) in Asian Agricultural Products Ltd. v. The Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (ICSID/ARB/87/3/1987).
At the present time, more than 115 million children were not attending school; more than 11 million under-fives died every year from curable diseases; the AIDS pandemic now affected more than 2 million people under the age of 15, with more than half a million children dying every year; and infant mortality was still far too high, in some regions almost reaching three figures per thousand live births.
205. At its fortyfifth session, the SubCommission had before it a working paper on the definition of gross and largescale violations of human rights as an international crime prepared by Mr. Stanislav Chernichenko (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1993/10 and Corr.1).
The presidency of Ecuador can count on our support and friendship.
Those States which still continued to implement the death penalty must ensure the protection of the human rights of those facing the death penalty, pursuant to the relevant international norms and standards.
12. While noting the mandate of the Council of Child Rights to monitor the State party's compliance with the Optional Protocol, the Committee is concerned that this body is not sufficiently active in the planning of policies and setting of priorities for the implementation of the Optional Protocol.
He has had a youth contract at Ajax, but has opted to build his career at Liverpool.
Attractive block and complementary plantings combine to provide a beautiful landscaped border design.
The SBI considered this sub-item at its 6th and 7th meetings, on 25 and 29 October, respectively.
The Financial Resources Management Service of the United Nations Office at Geneva then reviewed the transactions in IMIS and made disbursements.
At the same time, validity and security of the schemes are discussed.
Provisional agenda for the 5130th meeting of the Security Council
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget and extrabudgetary): representation at and convening of meetings with financial officials of the Secretariat, offices away from Headquarters and United Nations funds and programmes on issues of common concern (approximately 4 meetings);
This concerns all spheres of cooperation, including aid, trade, investment, debt relief, transfer of technology, access to medicines, financing for development and climate change.
"This is not a one-off event. The causes are structural, " said the envoy.
How do you carry out requirement analysis for your respective projects?
Sr Town Plnr/HK 3
China, for example, had recently begun emphasizing higher-value-added FDI.
Furthermore, trade unions continue to insist that codes of labour practice for use in supply chains employ such internationally recognized standards as core ILO Conventions, as too many avoid references to workers' right to organize and join trade unions.
You go after, who else can I tell you once love me like crazy?
He anticipated tangible cooperation from the Mexican Government, including the submission of its report.
Furthermore, prosecutors need to be alert to evidence "obtained through recourse to unlawful methods," in which case they "should take all necessary steps to ensure that those responsible are brought to justice."
III. New FAOSTAT and its national version CountrySTAT
Our company holds wholly core technology, with high efficiency, low cost and high added value.
 As of the end of February 1996 it had made 287 overflights, for a total flight time of 1,302 hours, since it began such operations in August 1991.
34.78 Subprogramme 5 aims at:
He said that it was also important to have sufficient technology to assist developing countries in meeting their obligations.
At the dawn of the twenty-first century, we should work unitedly to establish a just, fair, equitable and democratic global system.
But to simply churn out this soulless sequel on the strength of two box-office hits is an insult to the film-goer.
In this regard, the Committee requests the State party to provide relevant information in its next periodic report to the Committee.
Such rights are inalienable and therefore not subject to waiver.
There will be a meeting of the African Group (Second Committee experts) on Friday, 8 October 2004, from 2 to 3 p.m., in a conference room to be announced.
A Hong Kong permanent identity card contains the following statement at the back of the card: "The holder of this card has the right of abode in Hong Kong." A non-Hong Kong permanent identity card does not contain the "right of abode in Hong Kong" statement.
100 I'm flying back tomorrow
(b) Pension scheme based on compulsory individual saving; benefits financed by: contributions by the active worker to a "personal account" during his working life and voluntary deposits by the member.
People have a long holiday and meet their family members at home.
Brazil favours an FMCT which includes a multilateral verification mechanism and stockpile controls.
47. The Committee noted that the policy-making organs and offices included in section 1 were not within the framework of the medium-term plan for the period 1992-1997.
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments
13. The 98 deep drilling survey — incontestably the most significant activity in the work programme — began in November 1998 and continued into 1999.
Of a total budget of $46.5 million, the Government of Burundi contributed $7.9 million from their own budget; the rest was covered mainly by the members of the Burundi configuration.
Another significant problem concerns the ability of robots to comply with human rights and humanitarian law, and the standards relevant to programming and the development of technology for deployment.
He jabbed a spear into the wild animal.
Draft resolution A/C.1/65/L.34/Rev.1 was adopted, without a vote.
Emerging population issues such as the changing age structure and urban growth and its consequences for poverty reduction are often excluded in poverty reduction plans.
[16 July 2012]
While noting with satisfaction that the number of complaints had significantly decreased, he invited delegations to keep the United States Mission informed of any incidents in the future.
He points to the dominance of luxury property, furnishings and luxury cars in the spending profiles of China's rich.
812. Performance exceeded the benchmark in the United States dollar investment pool while meeting all the liquidity requirements of all clients, thus outperforming the market while observing United Nations Treasury policies.
E/CN.15/2002/5 and Corr.1
As is further explained below (see para. 195), confidential documents require specific management measures, including being kept separately from public documents and under strict security conditions.
You know, I have always wanted a surprise party.
These are referred to below simply as "Points".
At times, feelings toward a spouse may grow cold.
40. The chairpersons expressed particular concern at the important turnover of staff servicing the human rights treaty bodies as a result of the restructuring, which has negatively affected the quality of the service received.
S/2010/143
10 a.m.-1 p.m.
Russian Federation
Persons in charge who are directly responsible for the case and other persons with direct responsibility are to be warned and fined for an amount between 30,000 yuan and 300,000 yuan
Sample - models of inspection, classification and design for aeronautic structures are given for illustrating the technology.
14. On the basis of the above:
70. The Committee welcomes the amendment to the Labour Code which sets the minimum age for employment at 15 years and the National Action Plan for the Prevention and Progressive Eradication of Child Labour, both from 2005.
Our economy has been growing at a rate higher than 6 per cent per year, but we still face enormous problems in overcoming crippling poverty and underdevelopment.
The excess increase in enrolment was accommodated by expanding classroom sizes, building or renting additional classrooms, and converting schools from single to double shift.
Then the king said, If I only knew what would make you happy. Would you like to have my beautiful daughter as your wife?
Janice, too, had become an unofficial member of Cabell's eldritch clique, much to Rick and Lisa's puzzlement.
He submits that when he came to Canada he did not have documents on him as he had destroyed them in Iceland.
Where there is education are teachers are teachers, there are teachers'morals and morale.
All the participants in court proceedings have equal rights.
International organizations are also re-engaging or broadening their engagement with Myanmar.
They emerged through a side door and walked around the building to the front.
She had always been a good math student, but now she was struggling .
Betty's bees is my new home.
Ground transportation
In this regard, ONUB logistical support during the deployment of the African Union Force was also requested.
The Committee recommends in this regard that in negotiations with international financial institutions, the State party take into account its international legal obligations to protect, promote and fulfil economic, social and cultural rights.
Amago Haruhisa
This treaty does not exist yet of course, but we think (and many countries share this view) that negotiations on this issue in the Conference on Disarmament are long overdue.
The financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) illustrated the process well.
At present given a chance, many Indians from that area will prefer to be part of China rather than underdeveloped India.
With Hyperspace, you can customize every bit of your Spaces with different desktop pictures, naming on each space or even hotkeys.
and other relevant human rights instruments,
Plans and develops computer systems for businesses and scientific institutions.
3. A person may seek from the Presidency a review of a decision to refuse a request for assignment of counsel.
Many countries have created such funds, but not all have been successful.
It's just when people touch my skin, something happens.
Short-Tailed Buddies: Bobby and Bobbi [New Orleans, USA] Months after Hurricane Katrina swept through Louisiana, a stray cat and dog suddenly appeared on a local construction site, where a worker noticed that both had bobbed tails and were very thin so he began feeding them
Medals Independence Medal of the First Order. Letter
If you try and lift that suitcase you'll do yourself an injury!
11. JS2 stated that the percentage of women participating in the political decision- making process was still below fifteen percent.
16. According to the rules of general international law concerning the succession of states, the proportion of the debt of a predecessor state that passes to a successor state is an equitable proportion of that debt that existed to the charge of the predecessor state at the date on which the succession of states between the predecessor state and the successor state took place.
Such criteria have proven to be useful tools in country-driven efforts to incorporate a wide array of forest-related considerations within a common conceptual framework.
2008: (a) Screening in Milan of the film "Trade", organized by the Centro Nazionale and hosted by the region of Lombardy, Italy, in collaboration with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; (b) international conference on "Law and justice in the risk society", organized by the Centro Nazionale, in collaboration with the Research Committee on Sociology of Law of the International Sociological Association, and held in Milan and Como, Italy; (c) seventeenth session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, held in Vienna; (d) 12th coordination meeting of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network of institutes, organized by the Centro Nazionale and the Advisory Council in Courmayeur; (e) international conference on "Organized crime in art and antiquities", organized by the Centro Nazionale and the Advisory Council, in collaboration with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and held in Courmayeur.
There are, however, limits to this policy flexibility, notably in Central and Eastern Europe and Latin America, in view of inflationary pressures, macroeconomic imbalances, and the wish to avoid currency devaluations.
Statements in explanation of vote after the vote were made by the representatives of Norway, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and China.
Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/60/7 and A/60/7/Corr.1 and A/60/7/Add.1)
Mr. Duarte (United Nations High Representative for Disarmament Affairs) read out a message from the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
President: Mr. Khvostov (Belarus)
The study looked into the ways to implement this Programme and to tackle problems encountered in implementing it, into functions of the methodological team of an educational establishment, teachers' competences to implement the Preparation for Family Life and Sexual Education Programme and the need for training in this respect, values of the respondents in relation to family, contraception, pregnancy and sexual minorities.
aCumulative number of people served by the maintenance programme since its inception.
Lastly, it is concerned that basic legal guarantees, particularly the rights of access to a lawyer and doctor, to communicate with family members and to be brought promptly before a judge, are often not respected (arts. 9, 10 and 14).
We've noted that this is just like a body projected horizontally in the earth's gravitational field.
Solar radiation pressure
Western European and Other States: Italy
Oh, there they are. Okay.
However, in one reactor study HCBD levels were reduced only under anaerobic conditions.
Although it was not a party to the Ottawa Convention, China endorsed and shared its objectives and planned to send an observer to the First Review Conference of the Convention.
Report of the Special Committee to the General Assembly
The alarming proportions of crime in Africa mean that many of the resources for national development programmes are lost or constrained.
The Special Representative urged the President and Parliament to work together to appoint and confirm a new Prime Minister in a timely manner.
Addendum 1 gives estimated needs as at 1 August 1999 for this operation.
The relation between the disaster-reduction marking system and the framework of emergency preplan was briefly discussed.
They may not be able to help but there's no harm in asking them.
The Statute is an integral part of the United Nations Charter, attached to the Charter, and has a central status in United Nations instruments. It is not just to be ignored or put aside.
Government of Rwanda/Government of Uganda
The best hope we have is to go after and destroy the terrorist organization.
In June 2008, an electronic newsletter was launched, which presents targeted audiences with brief information on issues of interest and directs them to the complete stories.
C . Actually, someone abandoned the poor thing on a street near my house.
During the period under review, the Governments of Nigeria and Norway have provided information on progress made pursuant to General Assembly resolution 58/205, with detailed explanatory notes on their national legislation and measures concerning asset recovery.
Develop and implement regional coordination plans aligned to the objectives of missions, keeping in mind the specific mandate of each mission (para. 2).
It is important to include information from both the Japanese and the Canadian submission here in addition to the information provided by the EU.
The Group further recommended the voluntary use of an ISAR index on corporate governance disclosure as an innovative practical tool for improving corporate transparency.
(Example) S15-OTARU
Even in smaller, poorer countries without chambers of commerce representing foreign investors, there are usually foreign embassies from the larger countries with investors abroad.
Inside the small boat were several large yellow fin tuna.
Hagen grimaced, debated whether to inform the Don, and decided against it.
Europe has been unable to attract much more than a few disreputable oligarchs, who migrated to the French Riviera, and a handful of lively street singers.
Total recommended amount (USD)
Right. Well, sorry to interrupt.
16. The involvement of other international organizations, even the Security Council, cannot be justified to impose limitations against the peaceful use of nuclear energy in contravention to the clear statutory obligations well established by the NPT and the IAEA statute.
Panel discussion on "Prevention and care of preterm births and the Every Newborn Action Plan" (co-hosted by the Permanent Mission of Zambia and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID))
World Confederation of Labour
 The focal points for monitoring include missile propellant mixers/extruders, equipment for liquid engine production and gyroscope balancing, missile/warhead assembly lines, a wind tunnel and static test stands.
Worried about stability, foreign investment began to flee. The global economy was about to face a new kind of crisis.
It has a conflict or dispute with every one of its neighbours.
Summary
The development of Arab human capacities and specialized staff in order to establish a new ICT export industry;
www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/index.html
Most of the US's highway funding has traditionally come from fuel taxes, which have been squeezed in recent years.
3. Engaging with new business partners in dynamic and growing economies
Scientists were able to analyse DNA from a tooth and from a finger bone excavated in the Denisova cave in southern Siberia.
(d) Ensure that the release letter provides for a temporary residence permit for immigrants pending the regularization of their status, so that they do not enter the detention cycle;
Our reference is the Bank of China.
You do not need very hot water.
51. At its twelfth session, the Advisory Committee may address issues related to its methods of work.
The Chinese government attaches great importance to these problems, and is taking measures to solve them.
 5. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the President of the Conference and the Secretary-General of the United Nations have signed the Final Act.
7.2 The Committee regrets that the State party was not prepared to give the undertaking requested by the Committee under rule 86 of its rules of procedure, not to execute the death sentence against the author while his case was under examination under the Optional Protocol, since the State party considered the communication inadmissible.
We have sent therefore Judas and Silas who themselves also will by word of mouth tell you the same things.
Four RPA officers (two majors and two second lieutenants) accused of murder and of complicity in murder were acquitted of those charges by the Military Court, but found guilty of the lesser charge of failure to assist persons in danger.
The State party seemed to fear that teenage mothers would have a "negative influence on other girls", but how did it feel about the influence of teenage fathers or the exposure of other girls to those young men?
Unplug armpit hair, after be brought up get breast cancer Mo easily?
Anti-dumping action depends primarily on the establishment of such a link.
We have also joined with our Pacific neighbours to address the health of our oceans together through the Pacific Oceanscape programme.
In the case of young women aged 20 to 29 years, the rate of illiteracy was 7.2 per cent, and there were greater disparities in terms of place of residence: one third of the young women in the rural Sierra region could neither read nor write, while the rate of illiteracy among their contemporaries in Lima was 2.2 per cent.
If we cannot even manage to negotiate seriously about the issue now, does it mean that we intend to stand idly by as this dangerous technology, controlled by a mere handful of States, is developed, knowing that its historical implications for the human race could be increased suffering and a growing threat to the security and stability of peoples?
Despite strong pro-poor policies, however, the impact on poverty reduction had often remained insignificant.
3. The Committee believes that the process of preparing a report for submission to the Committee provides an important opportunity to conduct a comprehensive review of the various measures undertaken to harmonize law and policy with the Convention and to monitor progress made in the enjoyment of the rights set forth in the Convention.
The fact that his lawyer advised him not to do so and instead to file an application for permanent residence based on his commonlaw relationship with the mother of his child showed that the complainant had freely chosen not to avail himself of this remedy.
The king was a Buddhist, so as soon as he heard the old man's request, he said, "It is wonderful that you have such a kind and merciful heart.
Using a wire brush clean the threads and re-gap.
Did they clean the room last Sunday?
Article 5. Stereotyped gender-based roles
I'm a self-improved person and yearn for a more exciting life.
The Savages
Agenda item 83
B: Yes, I agree - that would be good.
The OJC is an associated office in the Ministry of Justice; the Central Government Department responsible for support of the judiciary in England and Wales.
66. In paragraph 161 of his report (A/60/537), the Secretary-General points out that the additional resource requirements for the biennium 2006 - 2007 "might normally be considered to be potentially subject to the provisions governing the contingency fund" (see General Assembly resolutions 41/213 and 42/211).
Human rights treaty bodies
(d) practical experience;
Tangtouxia railway station
File names
CRPD
Israel's occupation of the Syrian Golan since 1967 was the main obstacle preventing thousands of Syrian children from exercising their rights, particularly their right to a normal life, education and freedom of movement.
18. At the national level, the Plan of Action envisaged the designation of national focal points for human rights education, consisting of specially constituted committees or, alternatively, appropriate existing structures and organizations.
He must really be a nerd.
The representative of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources called for a global mechanism for providing scientific advice to regional fisheries management organizations.
In 2003, the Republika Srpska in Bosnia and Herzegovina again failed completely to locate and arrest fugitives.
 "External factors such as trade, debt, commodity prices, transfer of technology and financial flows are critical to the success or failure of the domestic efforts of developing countries;
A developing Africa, with increased numbers of employed and skilled workers and a burgeoning middle class, would constitute an expanding market for world manufactured products, intermediate goods and services.
Myanmar
Daming: OK, and what about a birthday present?
I count on the administering Powers in particular to discharge their obligations in a manner that promotes the well-being of the inhabitants of the territories within their responsibility.
By the end of 1995, China had set up 1,379 special-education schools for the disabled, an increase of 400 percent over 1980; there were also 6,510 special-education classes attached to ordinary schools with 296,000 disabled students (including those attending regular schools), an increase of 800 percent over 1980.
Secretary for Economic Development and Labour, Mr Stephen Ip, speaks at the Hong Kong Maritime Industry Council Dinner
Loans to be used by the Chinese and foreign parties as investment or conditions for cooperation, and their guarantees, shall be provided by each party on its own.
 In 1987 the name was changed to United Nations Population Fund.
The soldiers crept forward under the cover of darkness.19.
Visits have been undertaken to the headquarters of many local media outlets as part of an overall strategy aimed at explaining the peace process and the mandate of UNOCI, especially with regard to the change from MINUCI to UNOCI.
Other activities
4. Armenia
"I'm going down town, Carrie," he said, coming out.
A second participant pointed to the growing number of peace and security mandates, which should be trimmed or modified based on input from those on the ground, assessments of their effectiveness, and judgments about changing circumstances.
More than a hundred Luddites were hanged or transported to Australia.
How to train a smart lovely child health for the live?
UNMIL
It is also the general intention to develop Hung Shui Kiu as the district centre to provide higher order commercial facilities for Tuen Mun - Yuen Long Corridor area.
(A/56/6 and Corr.1 (Sections 7-8), A/C.5/56/11, A/56/7 and A/56/16)
Friday, 15 December 2006, from 3 to 4.30 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
Friday, 29 June 2001
Private donations outside United Nations Foundation (under $50,000)
On the basis of summarizing risk budgeting technique in being, this paper introduces multi- factor model into process of risk budgeting, and sets up program of multi- factor - risk budgeting.
37. Further, the environmental and health consequences of urbanization were of general concern.
The Chairperson may wish to produce a Chairperson's summary and a final report.
Queen Hyohyeon
Sir Run Run Shaw, world-renowned philanthropist and movie and television magnate, is the Patron of Shaw College. With his usual generosity and particular concern for youth education, he made possible the creation of the fourth college at The Chinese University of Hong Kong with a donation of HK$110 million in 1986.
66. Commit itself to establishing judicial procedures that uphold the rights of those accused of crimes and sent to court, or release people held in pre-trial detention (Ireland);
Actual imports were controlled through separate licences formally administered by the State Environment Inspectorate and customs authorities at the point of entry.
The creation of plastics to mechanical engineering is on the increase.
However, it is exactly the maintenance, rather than the weakening, of the sovereignty and the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia that the mandate of UNMIK is aimed at.
The strategic implications for the GM will be in the support of consolidating the existing processes like NAP, innovative partnerships and to contribute to the development of structured approaches to mainstreaming of the UNCCD into national development agendas.
Despite strong statements by the international community that there was no parallel between the Montenegrin or Kosovo cases and a sovereign Bosnia and Herzegovina -- and explicit condemnation of Mr. Dodik's remarks -- he continued to revert to the idea of a referendum throughout June.
The release document from prison stated that he had been imprisoned for an attempt on the security of the State, however he has never been sentenced for any crime.
Informal
Furthermore, a training course was organized with the Environmental Maritime Safety Agency on the use of satellite imagery for identifying oil spills.
(g) The technical committee of the League of Arab States assigned the task of preparing a draft treaty to turn the Middle East into a zone free of weapons of mass destruction, in particular nuclear weapons, continued its work throughout the year; its latest meeting was held in June 2006.
61.59. Continue its leading international efforts to tackle global warming, including by reminding developed countries and other major emitting States of their obligation to help and protect human rights in Palau by reducing greenhouse gas emissions to safe levels (Maldives).
Progress in this regard is reflected in the continuing decrease in the amount remaining as unliquidated at the end of the year and the percentage it represents as compared to total expenditures for the same year.
"Technology", in accordance with the General Technology Note, for the "development", "production" or "use" of equipment, materials or "software" specified in 17.A., 17.B., 17.C. or 17.D.
1439. The Committee appreciates the State party’s initiatives within the school environment.
The Office will therefore provide expertise to the African Union police components for the generation and development of tools to help monitor the overall readiness of the African standby force.
Expanding women's access to and command over income and productive resources contributes to poverty reduction and reduction in child mortality.
In the second case, it is calculated on the basis of 1/60 of the last year's employment earnings for each year worked.
The truth was drawn from him by degrees.
The EHRC was established on 1 October 2007.
For real - time requirement of the control system , communication project and structure of communication network are designed.
Discussions are under way to explore ways in which the Resident Coordinator role can be better supported, both substantively and logistically, at the country level.
This paper designs a flexible, extensible security architecture for the EJB container.
Naucelles
The proposal captures all the ideas and suggestions from Parties which are currently under consideration.
Implementation of the Convention is, to be sure, one effective measure against terrorism.
What you say, PerraultAnd Perrault nodded.
How this traIt'spread, though, turns out to be even more remarkable.
Computational simulations are the main method to study fluid instability during an implosion in inertial confinement fusion.
(b) Provide educational information to, inter alia, parents, teachers, government and local administrative officials, the judiciary, traditional and religious leaders and society at large on children's right to participate and to have their views taken into account;
People in prehistoric times created paints by grinding materials such as plants and clay into power and then adding water.72
But both he and Clinton need the support of superdelegates to clinch their partys nomination.Superdelegates are Democratic Party officials and elected office holders who will be allowed to vote at the party convention
Locks
Usable capacity of a disk is the total formatted capacity of a disk minus the capacity reserved for media defect compensation and metadata.
According to the social welfare department, most of the reported deaths due to illness in evacuation centers are children below 2 years old (www.inq7.net).
It also controls the largest operator in Uzbekistan, Uzdunorbita, and has a minority ownership in the largest operator in Belarus.
Participants: Ministry of Women's Affairs, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Communications, Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, Ministry of Martyrs and Disabled, Ministry of Reconstruction and Rural Development.
Approximately 12 million workers out of the total number directly employed by TNCs work in foreign affiliates in developing countries.
He is eloquent, and has endless witty remarks.
The data and information made available through such cooperation and networks could help to plan timely disaster responses and create synergies with existing databases.
77. The Committee has often expressed grave concern at the growing number of child victims of child prostitution and child pornography.
Your surgeon will help you decide if the risks of laparoscopic ventral hernia repair are less than the risks of leaving the condition untreated.
:: The international situation since the first special session, the post-cold-war era and trends at global, regional and subregional levels
1964 European Cup Final
Its a part of Chinas geographys marked on maps around the world
I kept it for you.
She was young and beautiful, and yet I did not love her.
They also recognized the importance of appropriate or suitable strategies, international cooperation, capacity building, collection of accurate and reliable drug data and increase sustainable alternative development programmes and strategies, in tackling the world drug problem while respecting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of States.
2010s in British television
For this reason, increased and sustained assistance from the international community is essential in order to ensure the success of the ongoing peace process and the improvement of the living conditions of Burundi's impoverished population.
Will you mind handing me that cup?
As citizens watch their leaders enrich themselves at the expense of the population, they become increasingly frustrated and angry – sentiments that can lead to civil unrest and violent conflict.
V. Good practices
IACSD and CCPOQ were also seized of the report.
IPCS / CEC (2005): Trichlorfon International Chemical Safety Card (ICSC) no. 0585.
7-14 and 16 February
Note by the Secretariat
So in that way, I'm almost not answer your question.
The fact that there are more women in the workplace has not necessarily meant better working conditions and pay, but more exploitation and vulnerability.
Item 4 - Election of officers
The Secretariat informs all Parties of those decisions and of failures to provide a decision every six months through the PIC Circular.
Especially for weak enterprise, it is an unavoidable problem how to upgrade competitiveness and face challenge.
Fourth
3. Requests the Executive Director, in coordination with Governments, intergovernmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and other stakeholders, as appropriate, to continue activities on lead and cadmium and to enhance them within the existing mandate of the United Nations Environment Programme, subject to the availability of extrabudgetary resources;
5. Since the Fourth World Conference on Women in 1995, many countries have developed policies and action plans on gender mainstreaming, some of which include specific timelines and targets.
The design and application of management accounting system plays a vital role in reducing greatly an enterprise's organization cost, and the overall budget management is just core of this system.
Its efforts to combat poverty and encourage social development, which included the allocation of more than 20 per cent of its budget to the social development sector, were none the less hampered by illiteracy, ignorance and the caste system.
5. Calls upon all States parties to the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions to ensure their wide dissemination and full implementation;
Threats and risks
The Constitution of the Slovak Republic stipulates the right of every person to favourable environment in its article 44, paragraph 1.
However, that reasoning encounters one obstacle -- the fact that children, the poor and the women of the world cannot wait.
The temperature of the sauna has been fixed. If further requirement, please consult the staff on duty.
Do you mean the shaft will run against the bush?
He didn't dream himself to be sitting in area of the plane because of his injury.
The effect on the passing of risk in cases where the seller commits a fundamental breach is addressed in article 70.
and other international friends, we were able to avoid detours.
The latest figures show that from January to May this year, 2,100 young Shanghai couples got divorced, 10 percent up on 2006.
5. Calls upon all States, including States non-members of the United Nations, to act strictly in accordance with the provisions of the present resolution notwithstanding any contract entered into or license granted before the date of the present resolution;”
According to the proposal, the students expelled after 2010 would be able to return to the schools previously attended, while those expelled between 2006 and 2010 would be required to retake national entrance exams, but they would not be subject to the gozinesh process upon acceptance.
WILPF welcomes attempts by Member States to hold the US government accountable to its international commitments, including those that the US has made through its ratification of the Convention on Torture, the Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Racial Discrimination, and the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
a Values outside of brackets were experimentally determined by aqueous saturation method (Opperhuizen et al. 1985) for the solid congeners; values in brackets are predicted using WSKOWWIN 2000.
These days not many sons remember their fathers' birthday.B: I'll never forget
I saw him run up a hill.
Report
km, accounting for 33.4% of the land area of Tibet and 30.8% of the total area of China's nature reserves.
o. Preparation of the United Nations Bibliographic Information System (UNBISnet) Thesaurus for the retrieval of United Nations documents and publications in all formats (1);
Sixty-sixth year
If he brings lamb as his sin offering, he is to bring female without defect.
(a) Progress recorded in bilateral and multilateral trade negotiations conducted by countries receiving specialized analytical and policy recommendation inputs from ECLAC, in particular with respect to the ongoing negotiations on a Free Trade Area of the Americas.
Uh, there's not much time to do a full 1)tender.
At 31 December 2005, a provision of $0.1 million (in 2004 it was $0.1 million) was made in respect of contributions receivable for which collection is considered doubtful.
"Evaluation" refers to assessing the implementation of an intervention (process evaluation), the effects of an intervention (outcome evaluation) or the final results of an intervention (impact evaluation).
His delegation also wondered whether the end of that paragraph should read “submit his studies” or “submit his study”.
Governance, risk management and strategic planning
The Task Force Leader will participate with the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services in the weekly meeting convened by the Under-Secretary-General Chef de Cabinet to discuss the work of the Task Force.
Expressing its grave concern at the continued Israeli refusal to abide by the resolutions of the Security Council, the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights calling upon Israel to put an end to the violations of human rights and affirming the applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War to the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, occupied by Israel since 1967,
Future requirements for special political missions, especially those relating to 2007, will clearly exceed the original appropriation, should there be no significant changes that would streamline existing activities and foster synergies.
The Committee will then hold thematic discussions on specific subjects and the introduction and consideration of all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items from Thursday, 16, to Tuesday, 28 October 2014.
Areas where local capacity is relatively small should be accorded priority in funding and provision of technical assistance.
Treatment for an acute yeast infection is rarely difficult and involves one of many oral or vaginal anti-fungal medications.
(5) Act of the government or competent authorities, quarantine restrictions or seizure under legal process;
Session type Duration
You only have yourself to blame for having failed the exam.
The Committee decided to allow public webcasting of its dialogues with States parties during a trial period covering its fifty-fifth and fifty-sixth sessions in July and October 2013, respectively, and to make an internal assessment at the end of the fifty-sixth session in order to determine whether or not to continue the webcasting beyond the trial period.
We are encouraged by some recent developments.
June 18
Siedlce County
Hamas, which leads the Palestinian Authority, must relinquish its terrorist platform and embrace its responsibilities as enumerated by the Quartet, to recognize Israel, renounce violence and terror and abide by previous agreements.
It is estimated that 25 to 50 million individuals are displaced ever year as a result of climate-related disasters.
99. The SBI took note of the estimated budgetary implications of the activities to be undertaken by the secretariat as referred to in paragraph 97 above.
18 September
It also noted efforts to strengthen the legislative framework to combat trafficking in persons and the numerous measures taken concerning the rights of children and persons with disabilities.
LONDON – In the last year, more than 4,000 men, women, and children have lost their lives attempting to cross the Mediterranean Sea from Africa to Europe.
3. The present Agreement is open for accession by all States.
English
134.68 Improve training of security forces with regard to combating sexual violence against women and girls and ensure accountability of perpetrators (Austria);
Integration of strategic deployment stocks administration and management
7 July 1995
33. The Economic Commission for Africa faces some, but not all, of the same obstacles facing ESCAP with respect to improving the rate of usage of its Centre.
(i) Develop and reach agreement on a set of common variables, standards, and data exchange protocols for food security and nutrition actions mapping;
I am saving money for a holiday.
Procurement actions, of about 100 purchase orders and several major contracts, involving more than USD 1.5 million, were initiated.
For about two hours he walked around as directed by the soldiers.
The plan is to achieve a reduction through an enforceable cap and mandatory reporting for top polluters like energy companies.
Both groups would come closer to the Nordic countries, which combine the market and social dimensions more effectively.
Briefing for delegates on the United Nations Forum on Forests open-ended ad hoc expert group on the consideration of the content on the non-legally binding instrument on all types of forests (New York, 11-15 December 2006) (convened by the Bureau of the seventh session of the United Nations Forum on Forests and the Forum Secretariat)
Never before or after did the names Republican and Scallawag carry such odium, for now the corruption of the Carpet bag regime was at its height.
The session will be preceded by an informal consultation on matters to be taken up at the first regular session of the Board, on Tuesday, 9 January, from 11 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room 5.
Only in this way can it be expected that the secretariats will take the external oversight units seriously, which is required to create a proper environment for overcoming resistance to the implementation of certain recommendations.
 Deeply concerned about the economic and social consequences of the rapid and widespread increase in illicit manufacturing, trafficking and use of amphetamine-type stimulants throughout the world,
It is in this challenging and deteriorating context that the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is trying to carry out a number of activities, within its limited resources and mandate, to improve the respect for fundamental human rights in Nepal.
Sao Tome
Syria had remained high on the Council's agenda and the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry for the Syrian Arab Republic had once again been extended.
Improving/developing, on the basis of sustainable forest management, clear and coherent principles, standards and verification and monitoring mechanisms related to the emerging issues, to be integrated with other sector policies, while ensuring stakeholders participation.
The Working Group agreed that the nationalities of the parties, as well as a brief description of the claim, contained in option 1 of article 2, should not be part of the information communicated to the public at the early stage of the proceedings, as that information could be contentious.
Statements were made by the representatives of Nepal, Indonesia (on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement), Peru, the United States (on behalf of the United Kingdom and the United States) and France.
24. Linkages between the work of the Convention and the work of those involved in disability more generally were evident at the 30 May to 1 June Tirana Symposium on cooperation and assistance as concerns victim assistance.
171. The Danish Act on Social Housing, etc. allows a wide variety of housing to be established for rental to persons with disabilities.
The five indigenous persons participating in the Deusto programme in 2003 were from Bolivia, Colombia, Guatemala, Paraguay and Venezuela.
They aim to redistribute income from the rich to the poor.
3. The general principles of the criteria for the identification of least developed countries applied by the Committee, as reviewed and confirmed at its seventh session in 2005, are rooted in the criteria already established by the Committee's predecessor, the Committee for Development Planning, in the 1970s.
(d) To receive, on a regular basis, information on the administrative and financial functioning of the Commission;
E. Operational, logistic and security issues
A debt moratorium or standstill would immediately and unconditionally liberate resources and give countries the fiscal space to respond to the specific circumstances they are facing.
3 - 6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
United Nations
16/F, Hong Kong Construction Association
(g) Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons;
The execution,not so much.
La Huerce
(e) Air safety equipment and supplies related to air safety and maintenance of airfields and helipads and for personal safety and maintenance of the UNAMA terminal ($32,100);
He dodged to left and right as the gunman opened fire.
Small turnouts show a lack of interest on the part of those who pay fees for services provided by the school.
In this regard, the African Minerals Development Centre will support the implementation of the African Mining Vision with the aim of enabling the continent to realize fuller benefits from the mineral sector, notably by: (a) integrating mining into industrial and trade policies; (b) ensuring that mining can contribute to better local development; and (c) ensuring that nations are able to negotiate contracts that generate fair resource rents.
Noting with serious concern that Iran has constructed an enrichment facility at Qom in breach of its obligations to suspend all enrichment-related activities, and that Iran failed to notify it to the IAEA until September 2009, which is inconsistent with its obligations under the Subsidiary Arrangements to its Safeguards Agreement,
At a time when growth is failing to meet expectations almost everywhere, the TPP thus seems like a good move.
2009 (Phase 2) "Red Ribbon in Action" AIDS Education Funding Scheme invite application (deadline: 30.04.2009)
Developed a solution for facilitating Headquarters and peacekeeping operations in the management of contingent-owned equipment related activities
Srivaikuntam
He's my equal in strength.
The parents advise their daughter to distance herself from her boyfriend.
The feast of the Ascension is universally observed by Christians， and its celebration emphasizes the kingship of Christ.
Among students of public and State higher schools education is paid for by 9 per cent of students.
Our proposal would avoid excessive production of MB-BDN which, if left unaddressed, would encourage increases in MB consumption in Article 5(1) Parties, delay the adoption of available alternatives thereby undermining the work of the MLF-funded projects on alternatives to MB, and further damage the ozone layer.
Furthermore, we believe the effectiveness and efficiency of an enlarged Council would not necessarily be inversely related to its size.
These ground stations support a large number of both national and international satellites and offer near real-time services. The stations have a very high level of reliability of services.
 Clause 7:The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation, which shall neither be encreased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them.
:: Inviting the Economic and Social Council to consolidate the ongoing initiatives and actions established in the Copenhagen Declaration and Programme of Action, the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006), and the recommendations contained in the outcome document of the twenty-fourth special session with a view to launching a global campaign to eradicate poverty;
Confectionaries, Liquor and Beverages, Confectionery Sparkling Water, Italian Wine Confectionaries, Confectionery, Natural Sparkling Water , Italian Wine.
The Shang Dynasty society bases on the clan which is linked by the blood relationship though it has entered the civilization times.
31. JS1 recommended passing and enacting legislation for the formation of labour unions; enforcing provisions of Employment Act on equal pay and unfair dismissals; strengthening functioning of the nascent Labour Tribunal and Labour Relations Authority; and improving coordination among government offices and state institutions to ensure civil servants are not caught in legal disputes.
As for the review process to be conducted in New York, we support streamlining and taking appropriate steps that can help the Council to have enough resources at its disposal without delays to effectively carry out its mandated tasks.
Cahaignes
I'm not gonna wag my finger if that's what you expect.
The delegation visited the Foreign Office and the Department of International Development, to lobby for inward investment and more government financial support, but primarily for a guarantee of full citizenship rights.
2. In its resolutions 1575 (2004), 1639 (2005), 1722 (2006), 1785 (2007), 1845 (2008), 1895 (2009), 1948 (2010), 2019 (2011), 2074 (2012) and 2123 (2013), the Security Council requested that Member States, acting through or in cooperation with the European Union, report to the Council on the activities of the European Union military mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (EUFOR) at least at three-monthly intervals.
9. Minorities and indigenous peoples
You may want to hire an electrician to do the wiring.
B. Civilian operations
Sir Julius Chan, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, was escorted from the rostrum.
He had few struggles with Congress, because he rarely asked Congress to do anything.
Companies that become uncompetitive in their core business lines tried clumsily to claw their way up the value chain.
If a specific administrative act has been undertaken by an organization as entrusted by an administrative organ, the entrusting organ shall be the defendant.
She ain't never been a problem before.
Do the agendas adequately cover the issues important to Parties?
Just like the rest of your body, keeping your eyes in tip-top shape requires regular exercise. Here are few to try.
the editor said in recognition.
The human rights of these groups are often disregarded, particularly in the context of pregnancy and childbirth.
The annual increase would reach $5 billion in 2006 and remain stable thereafter.
14. The regional coordination units (RCUs) have high potential to effectively promote and provide information on UNCCD and DLDD issues in the regions, and they are also knowledgeable of which meetings and processes to participate in for best results.
The annual meeting of all the special rapporteurs is particularly important.
As it turns out, companies actually increased the amount they spent on private jets last year.
Would you accept deliVery abundance spread over a period of time?
Do any of these immediate barriers to an M & E system now exist?
Lopeti Senituli (Fiji)
Chong Wa Athletic Association
Contents
So hard did he overwork that he fell ill at last.
These injustices were exacerbated by the global economic crisis, natural disasters and the worst effects of climate change -- all of which affected those least able to bear them.
  Article 18 The organ for an industry injury investigation of anti-dumping,countervailing and safeguard measures shall further collect the information in the hearing, and provide each interested party with the opportunities to state his opinions and to submit the evidential materials.
Global Witness says Chinese purchases of illegal Myanmar timber have resumed since then, but remain below pre-2006 levels.
Liaison with the humanitarian assistance community will also be important in order to ensure synergy.
Eritrea is also not a party to the UNESCO Convention on Technical and Vocational Education.
There is a better understanding among the KPC leaders that successful professional development of the organization requires focus of its members on civil development.
South Africa
Your article seems rather thin in places; Can you fatten it out a little?
8. While over 75 percent of the value of the ISU's staff time in 2012 will be allocated to aspects of its mandate other than providing advice and technical support to individual States Parties on the implementation of the Convention, the ISU expects to continue to receive numerous requests from States Parties for such support, particularly as concerns the mine clearance and victim assistance provisions of the Convention.
Rating adjustments are not a key influence and do not reflect a big difference in generating abnormal profits.
62. The Democratic Republic of the Congo is convinced that the European Union, which includes two permanent members of the Security Council and engages in substantial multilateral cooperation with the African States under the Lomé Convention, has the ability and the duty to contribute to a resolution of the armed conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
In Salman Khan's horoscope Lagnesh is in own house which indicates that he is a self made person.
His later paintings, often on religious themes, are more classical in style.
(b) Financing of development, including net transfer of resources between developing and developed countries (A/53/228, A/53/398)
The swirling strength method was used to investigate the vortex structure of an impinging jet.
Sam blinked his eye twice. but made no reply. Dad fingered his knifeand loosened his tie.
INTERNATIONAL HUMANITARIAN LAW COMMITTED IN THE TERRITORY OF
The objective is to increase knowledge and awareness on violence against women and the legal rights of women.
According to this NGO, an examination of the OIC conception of human rights in the areas of religious freedom and expression shows a distinct conflict with the international bill of human rights.
It also calls on the State party to collect data on the reproductive health of all women and girls, irrespective of their age and marital status, and to include in its next periodic report detailed information on sexual and reproductive health education and services.
Lyricist Irving Caesar happened to hear him play the piano and thought he resembled his former collaborator George Gershwin
Internal audit work by competent professionals who understand financial derivatives inherent risks.
 It is also proposed to reclassify the posts of Associate Recruitment Officer from P-2 to P-3, and that of Head Nurse from Local level to P-2, in accordance with the standards promulgated by ICSC in the reclassification exercise for Local level staff in the regional commissions.
In this paper, the basic theory of statistical learning theory(SLT) and support vector machine(SVM)are introduced systemically and the application of SLT and SVM in the evaluation system are studied.
Collecting stamps is a hobby rather than an investment.
Only first they carried little Thumbelina down from the tree and placed her on a daisy.
To make soundproof by covering or packing with clay, mortar, sawdust, or felt.
The king was surprised, but he later agreed to his suggestion, to make a "shoe" for himself.
The President appointed a new cabinet member.
 There is nothing to prove that the incident to which the President refers, if it actually occurred, was launched from Sudanese territory.
To make matters worse, Baldwin moved production to Arkansas, and Gretsch suffered through two disastrous fires.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Fatos Nano, Prime Minister of the Republic of Albania
14. Indigenous representatives also voiced their opposition to development projects, which they said were used as a justification for controlling areas that belong to their communities, as well as a justification for the presence of large numbers of soldiers on those lands.
I. States which have signed, ratified or acceded to the Convention on the Rights of the Child as at 7 June 2002 (191) 149
Sergeac
December demonstrated that funding, employment and oversight of the KPC continue to be significant issues.
I'm looking forward to you getting off my back.
(c) One IPSAS Officer position (P-3) to conduct best practices research for the development of workflows, detailed procedures and instructions to support IPSAS-compliant accounting and reporting (see A/65/761, para. 428);
Every available dollar that can be shifted to a senatorial campaign must be shifted to a senatorial campaign.
Servers
9. The Principal Adviser, Ethics, was invited in 2011 to attend meetings of the Global Management Team.
D. Transport logistics
Criminal law does not influence the circumstances in which most HIV transmission occurs.
7. The Centre also acted as a focal point in the field for the Coordinating Action on Small Arms (CASA) mechanism, and collaborated with its principal partners, in particular: the Organization of American States (OAS); the country offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; other relevant United Nations system agencies and programmes, as well as national stakeholders.
If you change these words over, this sentence sounds much better.
16. Decides also to apportion for the year 2002 the amount of 60,187,150 dollars gross (53,518,525 dollars net) among Member States in accordance with the scale of assessments applicable to the regular budget of the United Nations for the biennium 2002 - 2003 as set out in its resolution 55/5 B of 23 December 2000;
Women’s Exchange Program International
275. Where the insured dies as a result of an accident at work or an acute occupational disease recognised as insurance events, the family of the diseased person shall receive a one-time funeral grant equal to 100 insured income of the current year applicable on the month when the fatal accident at work or the acute occupational disease occurred.
When that apprentice succeeded him that new Sith Lord would take an apprentice.
The need for the participation and representation of women in such processes is also emphasized in the outcome of the Fifth Biennial Meeting of States to Consider the Implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects (A/CONF.192/BMS/2014/2, annex).
Burkina Faso - Core document: HRI/CORE/1/Add.30
A number of cartridge cases from the weapon of one of the police officers, Otto Raúl Morales García, were found inside the vehicle.
In exchange, they enrich the soil, pollinate flowers, and gobble up insect pests.
35. Ms. Robl (United States of America) said that, while the least developed countries had collectively seen relatively strong growth over the last decade, progress had varied significantly among countries.
The country rapporteur will also prepare the first draft of the concluding comments and will coordinate further comments and inputs by Committee experts before finalization of the draft.
(1)decade:n.period of ten years:(2)evolution: n.process of opening out ordeveloping:(3)reform and opening to the outside The past few years have seen marked acceleration of Chinabanking reform, particularly significant strengthening of the central bankcapacity for supervision and microeconomicmanagement
(v) Technical material: maintenance of Southern Africa statistical database (1); observatory on regional integration in Southern Africa (1); virtual knowledge networks and management of thematic workspaces for communities of practice (1); web-based information site on the activities of the Subregional Office for Southern Africa (1);
So the Basra handover is an opportunity for the U. S. to wash its hands of a "mess" for which it has no solution.
66. An evaluation of this joint United Nations programme was conducted in July and August 2007, to identify early programme effects, unmet short-term humanitarian needs and key opportunities and challenges.
Saint-Pantaly-d'Excideuil
Transmission electron microscopy creates images by shooting trillions of electrons through an object and measuring their absorption, deflection and energy loss.
They viewed with concern the aggressive policies of the Government of the United States against Venezuela and stated the inalienable right of the people of Venezuela to determine their own form of Government and to choose their own economic, political and social system free from outside intervention, subversion, coercion, and constraint of any kind whatsoever.
The Commission should be involved in following up the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
A few small bugs affecting Disk images were fixed.
, organizational, administrative and related matters:
Training and technical assistance
China National Offshore Oil Corporation
151001–152000
We have no choice but to relief you and your command.
However, the Commission is still in the process of reviewing the submission previously made and has also undertaken a review of its internal procedures to facilitate the process of dealing with future submissions.
Superglass
In money terms this is equal to HK $ 53 billion.
Maintenance of international security -- good-neighbourliness, stability and development in South-Eastern Europe
Has Michael told you about Mom?
The secretariat reviewed and monitored developments related to efficient transport and trade facilitation to improve participation by developing countries in international trade.
We welcome his arrival and hope he can add to the vitality of the CD.
The current government has plans to generate power using large-scale solar and wind power plants in the disaster-affected areas.
F. Strengthening the national system for the protection of human rights
Freddy: Come to the United States Interviewer: How old were you when you came here
I can still remember that this person was an English teacher.
Ownership of the expropriated lands has allegedly been transferred to high-level officials of the regime, including members of Saddam Hussein's family.
There are three things which Lee believes have hampered Philippine progress.
The text provides for a set of specific measures to protect individuals, families and women, designed to regulate aspects which have been ignored or are insufficiently covered, in existing legislation.
A CD-ROM for self-training of the rank and file, which is available in English, French, Spanish, German, Russian and Italian, has been developed in cooperation with the Swiss Army.
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit
The United States, although a destination State, confirmed that its authorities enabled such verification at the request of its nationals or permanent residents.
Wood Source: World Business Council on Sustainable Development (WBCSD), 2005 - CO2 Emission Factors of Fuels.
:: The methodology, if any, used to inform banks and other financial institutions of the restrictions placed upon individuals or entities listed by the Committee, or who have otherwise been identified as members or associates of al-Qa`idah or the Taliban.
Taking note of the draft text of rule 47, as amended by decision 21/COP.2,
I only use three colors which I used the logo design; green, blue and gray.
25. Final Appeal from Courts in Grenada lies with the Privy Council in United Kingdom.
Surely he wouldn't make trouble for you?
The price depends on the quantity.
Developing countries are seeking to provide assistance to countries in need in these areas, in particular through multilateral assistance, including through the Special Programme for Food Security and of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
(a) One representative from each Member State to be appointed by the President of the General Assembly, in consultation with Member States and regional groups, ensuring an adequate range of expertise, and on an equitable geographical basis as follows: five Member States from the African Group, five Member States from the Asian Group, two Member States from the Eastern European Group, three Member States from the Latin American and Caribbean Group, and three Member States from the Western European and other States Group, with the understanding that agency funding support for such experts is subject to availability of funds;
 A Group of governmental experts has recently started its work in Geneva in preparation for a conference next year to review the Convention and its protocols.
Four other cities, Rosario (Argentina), Cobija (Bolivia), El Alto (Bolivia) and Cartagena (Colombia) also started their assessment processes in 2006.
73. Republic of Korea
The Commission noted that recruitment action was already under way, with two positions having already been filled and the other having been advertised.
The Organization of African Unity Convention on the Prevention and Combating of Terrorism, adopted at Algiers in 1999, had entered into force in 2002 and had been strengthened by the adoption of a plan of action by the African Union.
They endorse the principles that are needed to guide peace and reconciliation, including renouncing violence, cutting links with terrorist groups and abiding by the Afghan Constitution.
2.1 The Association of Lawyers for Peace and the authors filed a complaint in the District Court of The Hague, claiming that the potential use of nuclear weapons by the NATO alliance amounts to violations of the principles of humanitarian law, namely the prohibition to make civilians the target of a military attack, the prohibition to direct attacks against military targets which would cause excessive collateral damage to civilians and the principle of distinction between combatants and non-combatants.
China, meanwhile, has pressed for more voting power for developing countries at the IMF. In response, the U.
At present, the residents' income gap of our country is expanding constantly. It has already become a threat of economic development and social stability.
Baquero Pardo
7. Communications and public information
(c) To prevent, reduce and eliminate the discrimination on the disabled person;
Mr. Fretes Portillo (Paraguay) 17
29. In Brussels, on 4 April 2005, my Special Representative met with the External Relations Commissioner and other senior officials of the European Commission, the EU High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, members of the European Parliament and the Foreign Minister of Belgium.
; [00:20.77]take/teik/vt. (took/tuk/,taken/ 'teik [00:24.89]The mother took her child by the hand.
32. The Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report more detailed information on:
Prior to public campaigns by PTI to raise awareness about violence against women, many people in the community saw domestic violence as being a private matter; an issue to be dealt with by the two conflicting parties.
Sport on television is a major part of the everyday life.
* A/69/150.
- To issue directives to assist banking and non-banking financial institutions in monitoring and reporting suspicious or unusual operations and transactions;
The State party further adds that Bangladesh is a party to the Convention and since 2001 to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
3.4 The main objectives of the Agency's health programme during the biennium 2002-2003 will be focused on the following:
8. Participants in the fifth meeting of the Implementation Follow-up Commission on the Doha Document, held in Doha on 9 April, expressed concern over the limited movement by LJM and the Government of the Sudan towards its implementation.
The citizenship of children may not be changed in cases where parents deprived of their parental rights change their citizenship.
What was needed was a sustained quantum leap in the international community's collective commitment to the Agency.
The Group might want to consider as its target group enterprises with 5 to 50 employees.
10. Rebirth Society recommended making efforts to reduce stigma and discrimination against drug users through implementation of various educational and social projects, and to reduce the criminalization of addiction.
Chapter three is on life insurance interest.
B. Emergency preparedness and response and report on supply management 28-30 7
Resident coordinator selection system
These pronouncements by the General Assembly should be taken into account as critical elements of the context within which decisions may be taken on strengthening the conference structure of the Commission.
Yanqing railway station
109. During the biennium 2014-2015, the following outputs will be delivered:
So I grabbed the bag and brought it to him
85. The universal compulsory free primary education system was introduced in 1956.
Analysed separately, student registrations in the rural zone rose from 5,480,000 to 6,660,000 over the same period, up 21.6 per cent - a far higher rate than noted in urban areas.
Had the Administration adopted a policy creating a provision for outstanding assessments, it would have provided a fairer presentation of its financial statements.
On the other hand, core resources stagnated, moving from $23.2 million in 2004 to $25 million in 2006.
Its stated reasons for not recommending the latter two nominations included the belief that those needs should be covered from existing stocks, and that one drug, epinephrine, was not an essential medicine, as its use could be avoided by using other CFC-free drugs.
Given the recent changes to the management, structure and resources of its security, the United Nations was now in a position to do a better job in this area.
Liquid metal spattered his back, but he didn't flinch.
[on the report of the Sixth Committee (A/62/449)]
 As to the Review Conference to be held next year, Brunei Darussalam's position will be to support the extension of the Treaty.
Therefore lay aside all filthiness and overflow of wickedness, and receive with meekness the implanted word, which is able to save your souls.
Announcements 2007-9-19 18:19 Opening of new business Dear Mr. / Ms,We have opened at the above address a sales office for our products here in New York
United Nations Special Mission to Afghanistan
The report contained several recommendations relating to access to justice, which was an area of specific concern for the prisoners, in addition to matters relating to the conditions of prisoners.
JPO Junior Professional Officer
When the disappointment and the risk aversion are big the reference point of investment income will decline in the carbon market.
29C.25 In the area of human resources policy, the focus will be on the development of policies to underpin the reform process; the enhancement of coordination with other organizations of the United Nations common system with respect to the formulation of system-wide policies regarding salaries, allowances and conditions of service of staff; the provision of advisory services to common system staff worldwide; and the development of new policies and programmes to promote a better balance between professional and personal lives.
Are you interested in any speclal brand
These leaflets in envelopes were directly put in front of the doors or inserted into the house through the seam of doors.
"The Council stresses its grave concern at the human rights situation in Afghanistan, which is unacceptable.
Once a musician played in the presence of the king who had promised him a thousand coins
Climate change is a global challenge that needs to be tackled at the global level.
6.There was no possibility of taking a walk that day
16. Prevention was another area where enhanced political will was needed.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights*
The opinion called for the dismantlement of the wall and for an end to the continued expansion of the settlements and to the construction of further settlements in the West Bank and in the occupied Arab Syrian Golan.
And he judged Israel seven years.
A motion moved by Hon Audrey EU on "Upholding the rule of law" urging, inter alia, the Government to conduct a comprehensive review on the demand for and supply of legal and related services was passed. [
Letter dated 9 August 2013 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
With the other bacteria out of the way, the resistant bacteria (i. e. , the superbug) can multiply and sometimes cause problems.
Action taken to implement request/recommendation
Furthermore, the standard staffing patterns implemented by UNIDO might warrant revision or increased flexibility to support the unique needs of offices.
Its report, which contains a number of recommendations relating to the future shape and functioning of Tokelau's public services, was adopted by the January 2004 General Fono, and action is now under way on its implementation.
 Several participants reported that their Governments had referred to the model treaties when negotiating bilateral arrangements.
Molecular and crystal engineering and more important role in designing and investigating the photoelectric functional materials.
I have further encouraged the idea that international governmental and/or non-governmental electoral observers be invited to monitor the elections and am awaiting a request to this effect from the Government of Lebanon.
With the rapid progress of IT, the mineral exploration has already entered into a new period of digitization and quantification.
Designed to strengthen the analytical and empirical linkages between gender and development and clarify the value added of a gender perspective, this report is expected to provide policy guidance to the Bank's lending programme.
:: 250 fishing nets were distributed among the fishermen.
That has been the driving force behind my delegation's approach to this issue.
Target 2013: 7
Ożarów
"Say, Huck, if we find a treasure here, what you going to do with your share?
At its opening meeting, the COP would take up item 1 of the provisional agenda.
We hope that the second and third baskets of the CSCE will be used to devote further attention to this area.
The general caught his wife in his arms, and 11)implored her not to go to certain death, saying that if any one was to go he would.
 That could actually happen if the economy of my country collapses under the strain of sanctions imposed on a neighbouring country.
To neglect women's mental problems was to undermine the most basic right of all, the right to life.
K. Regional and international cooperation
In addition there may be one or more addresses of welcome.
When shoplifters are caught, I wonder if they serve time.
 3. The Council notes that in the coming period, civilian implementation will involve a wide range of tasks in which the High Representative will be called upon to play a central role.
He therefore argues that the length of the proceedings must be assessed in accordance with article 14, paragraph 3 (c), of the Covenant.
The secretariat reported on these matters at the 6th meeting of the Working Group on Article 8 (j), held in Malaysia, from 2 to 5 November 2009.
Want to take a more proactive approach to ensure that school cafeteria food meets your green standards?
226. The Committee welcomes the progress achieved by the State party in advancing the enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights in the State party since the consideration of its initial report by the Committee.
This would be in addition to the costs of actual implementation services included in individual project budgets (see para. 40 (ii) above).
Chen will no longer take part in business from now on as she concentrates on Buddhist studies at the monastery, according to staff from her company.
III. GEF OPERATIONS AND FUNDING REGARDING CLIMATE CHANGE 9 - 21 5
5.b.4. Future Efforts
Nevertheless, 50.6 per cent of all women interrupted their employment for family reasons for a period of between one and three years and 29.4 per cent for a maximum of one year.
In this connection, he envisages building on existing policies and modalities.
The bank, the nation's fourth-largest by stock-market value, bought some home-equity loans from brokers instead of sticking only with loans to its own customers.
108. The independent expert recognizes the commendable efforts of AMISOM forces in protecting key installations in and around Mogadishu under most challenging security conditions.
United Nations agencies, including the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), have expressed similar preoccupations.
"Le droit international de l'interprétation des traités à l'épreuve de la jurisprudence", in Journal du droit international, 1986, No. 3, p. 627.
We welcome the increase in the number of States Parties to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and urge all States that have not yet done so to sign and ratify it as soon as possible.
The energy didn't change a bit.
The number of meetings was not yet determined but could be linked to the number of Preparatory Committee meetings;
A new method of RC two-port network synthesis
The Committee decided, in accordance with paragraph 15 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31, to request the Secretariat to send a letter to the organization, highlighting that the hijacking of civilian aircraft is an act of terrorism and inviting the organization's response to the objections that had been raised in the Committee.
We hope to enhance mutual understanding, friendship and cooperation between people, to further develop sports in China and to build up our people's fitness through the Beijing Olympics.
I've become used to a vegetarian diet.
"Some seem to believe that we should negotiate with the terrorists and radicals, as if some ingenious argument will persuade them they have been wrong all along," said President Bush.
58. The Committee notes with appreciation that the Ministry of Health has made the Prevention of Mother to Child transmission a priority integrating it into the HIV/AIDS Strategic Plan for 2007-2011.
It is they who teach the students how to be useful persons are diligent.
Natural number
(iii) Financial statements should include clear and concise disclosure of all significant accounting policies used;
Purpose
Add a new expected accomplishment (b), reading: "(b) Timeliness in the submission of photographic and video material".
Gens du pays
Decision 30/CP.7
Mobile Servicing System
Does she have a watch?
Recalling also the relevant Security Council resolutions,
7. Urges Member States to open their markets to exports of Palestinian products on the most favourable terms, consistent with appropriate trading rules;
316. Since 1999, an Aboriginal Headstart Program has been implemented in First Nations communities to complement the Aboriginal Headstart Program delivered outside of First Nations communities.
Netanyahu is a conservative in revolutionary times.
His Majesty King Moshoeshoe II left an important imprint upon the history of his people.
The following provides background to and summarizes the Panel's key findings in each case.
III. Implementation of the Convention
Title deeds and Argentina's claim took precedence over illegal possession.
All the funds are distributed on instruction of the Board of the Global Alliance, either to Governments as grants or to support the purchase of vaccines on their behalf.
The European Union called on the Training Unit to continue its efforts to promote standard training norms for peacekeeping personnel.
Establish an inter-agency coordination mechanism within the United Nations system
This allowed the gap between European and US living standards to remain relatively constant while Europeans worked less and played ever more.
(iii) Number of initiatives aimed at reducing intra-Iraqi conflict, improving recognition of minority rights and implementing the recommendations adopted by the relevant parties, in which Government of Iraq officials and key influential political, community, ethnic, civil society and religious leaders participated
woollen blankets should be washed in warm water and dried in the sun , in dryers on cool temperatures or dry - cleaned.
The initial design used the recycling of grey water and rainwater as feeds for WC cisterns.
Is it your consideration that I should apply?
Later it transpired that the Government of the Sudan had decided to unilaterally redeploy six Mi-24 "Hind" attack helicopters that it had earlier withdrawn from Darfur to demonstrate compliance with the Security Council arms embargo. At the time of the Panel's last trip to Darfur in November, two Mi-24 helicopters were present at each of the airports in El-Fasher, Geneina and Nyala.
10. In 2006, CRC, as highlighted by UNHCR, recommended that the Czech Republic develop systematic awareness-raising, education and training on the provisions of CRC-OP-AC for all relevant professional groups working with asylum-seeking, refugee and migrant children from countries affected by armed conflict, e.g. teachers, medical professionals, lawyers, judges and military personnel.
Located in Weitang Town Xiangcheng District of Suzhou the Xunsheng Violin & Bow Factory enjoys very convenient communications.
The United Nations has clearly established that Western Sahara remains a non-self-governing territory under Security Council resolution 1541 (2004).
Afghanistan
Report of the Secretary-General
We must ensure successful implementation of the Bonn process in Afghanistan.
30. The humanitarian situation in Iraq has worsened steadily during the reporting period.
(Signed) Lim Tian Huat
It should be free from politicization and double standards; instead, it should promote dialogue as well as concrete cooperation.
It will be impossible to define new and sensible European projects worth €200 billion per year.
not in memory do we recall so fiendish and horrible a double homicide .
Compared to the traditional technique of agent program's planting and activation, it has betterments in realism and privacy. It also has some innovation in the ways and means.
Eventing Team Dressage Day 1 Evening
The President (spoke in French): In accordance with the decision taken at the 4929th meeting of the Security Council, I propose, with the consent of the Council, to invite the representative of Israel to participate in the discussion without the right to vote, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter and rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure.
Like other unintentionally produced POPs listed in the Convention (HCB, PeCB, PCB and PCDD/PCDF), HCBD is unintentionally generated during combustion and other thermal processes and industrial processes.
404. On 19 August 2013, the Council held an open debate on the protection of civilians in armed conflict.
Government of Kuwait Claim No. 24, UNCC Claim No. 5000141
No.It's a waste of time. I know some foreigners do,they talk to people from abroad,but it's boring.Nothing is real in there.
Furthermore, a 25-mile long fault passes through Tangshan, where only few of its structures are earthquake-resistant.
"So you put him--?
You aren't responsible for solving her problems.
Concrete agreements will be drafted on the basis of these documents, new joint projects will be launched.
Financing of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
Now it is our common responsibility to ensure the implementation of its provisions, since all Member States are the owners of the ongoing United Nations reform process.
In total 14 suspects were arrested by the Lebanese and, in one case, by the French authorities, some following a recommendation by the Commission.
Better efforts are required to assure that evaluation reports become available in time to be used in the programme planning process.
User ku-3
I couldn't watch the Arsenal v Chelsea game at Highbury back in December 2004.
Improvement of diesel oil oxidation stability by refining of HD-5 solvent
food in dining hall in our school is delicious and i love it .
Community members' attitudes towards their own language
Then sit on the sidelines as the airship flies home and explodes , showering its blazing wreckage over this once proud, yet tiny, nation.
The road is backed up for two miles.
curse you mortals! such careless disregards for one's pocessions must be met with extreme force!
(40 members; three-year term)
9. The meeting welcomed the progress made in implementing the United Nations integrated strategy for the Sahel, which included proposals for regional projects, developed in consultation with regional and international organizations, and national projects, developed in close cooperation with the countries of the region, that reflected the priorities identified in the United Nations strategy and agreed upon by consensus at the first ministerial meeting of the coordination platform in Bamako, namely governance, security and resilience.
Cities in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
16. Long-term programme of support for Haiti
 (b) Together with the Office to Combat Desertification and Drought and UNITAR, UNEP has discussed cooperation with IGADD to participate in information management activities and the establishment of network needs inventory for Eritrea and the United Republic of Tanzania.
She was concerned about the slow pace of improvements in that area, and recalled the concrete proposals put forward on how to achieve the goals set by the General Assembly.
 11. Prevention of an arms race in outer space (item 70).
Ultimately, fluid groupings - such as the combination of general audiences and those familiar with the operations of the Platform or the bundling of various actors depending on their role in respect of the Platform's work - will have to be used.
nationality
12. From a procedural point of view, the main flaw of the caucus model resides in its lack of standardization, resulting in extreme decentralization and fragmentation.
Distr.: General
Keep uncooked meats separated from vegetables, cooked and ready-to-eat foods.
Effective, responsible crime prevention enhances the quality of life of all citizens. It has long-term benefits in terms of reducing the costs associated with the formal criminal justice system, as well as other social costs that result from crime.
7. The Summit also in a separate paragraph called on the United States to put an end to the economic, commercial and financial embargo against Cuba.
4. Takes note of the report prepared by the United Nations Joint Inspection Unit entitled "Management review of environmental governance within the United Nations system";
My work was to provide medical advice to NGOs in Albania, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras and Zimbabwe related to rehabilitation of torture victims and prevention of torture;
Military observers and international staff
Sustainable management of natural marine resources as well as proper protection and preservation of the marine environment presupposes availability and dissemination of scientific information.
We are currently working hard to make our only hospital a UNICEF/World Health Organization-certified baby-friendly hospital to promote breastfeeding in our country.
- Since 2005, Madagascar has made it a priority to protect zones with high economic and tourist potential and to conduct special monitoring of zones where various types of trafficking are particularly rife.
It is imperative that the present meeting of Council send a clear message to both the Sudan and South Sudan and articulate a clear road map that would facilitate the peaceful resolution of the current security issues and the resumption of negotiations on the outstanding issues in the post-secession relations between the Sudan and South Sudan.
Asia and Pacific
and handback service will be available at the Temporary Post Office counters only. The opening hours is the same as the opening hours of the Expo.
Have a love filled New Year!
Allocation of costs is the assignment of an item of cost, or a group of costs, to one or more cost objectives (i.e., programmes).
However, Pelagonija provided no evidence concerning equipment that could not be shipped to the Project 946 (Stage 1) site.
The world has never possessed such a sophisticated arsenal for curing diseases and prolonging life.
He also requested more details on the proposed division of labour and coordination between the UNMIS Humanitarian Assistance Liaison Unit and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and between the Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Section and Return, Recovery and Reintegration Section of the Mission and other United Nations entities.
Primary health-care services are delivered through 11,000 community health centres in rural areas, with each providing services to 6,000 people.
Every year, 360,000 women die from pregnancy related complications.
(h) The terms "serial number" and "serial number assets", which were said to be overly restrictive, should be considered only if the Working Group decided that the articles in which those terms appeared should be retained; and
A notable advancement is the Council's practice with regard to sexual and gender-based violence as designation criteria for targeted sanctions regimes.
I cannot fathom what you mean.
establishing a long term plan for convening the Assembly every two years for a period of not more than three weeks, in line with other United Nations system organizations, to facilitate effective decision-making and governance in ICAO;
She wore a fur coat, even though it was a very hot day.
(f) The Committee requests the host country to continue to bring to the attention of New York City officials reports about other problems experienced by permanent missions or their staff in order to improve the conditions for their functioning and to promote compliance with international norms concerning diplomatic privileges and immunities and to continue to consult with the Committee on these important issues;
For instance, an award terminating the proceedings would not have the same effect as an award on interim measures.
States had the right to impose the death penalty for the most serious crimes, in order to protect the country's peace and security, as stipulated in article 6, paragraph 2, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Diversification strategies must be country specific.
Iraqi authorities say clashes between Shi'ite militias and Iraqi security forces have left 15 people dead in the southern city of Amara.
But although much government information exists in the public domain, much of it is dispersed, unorganized and inaccessible.
(a) Overall resources for the programme budget are better managed
`If you expect me to be surprised,' said her brother Solomon, `I am not surprised; I knew you were here; I know of most people who are here.
E. Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia
Management Review and Analysis Section
For HFCs and PFCs, emissions should be reported for each relevant chemical in the category on a disaggregated basis, except in cases where paragraph 27 below applies.
International Oceans Institute
The main objectives of the Convention are:
6-9 February 2007
Buckling equation of the spanning pipe buried in elastic soil is established.
In that context he drew attention to Security Council resolution 817 (1993).
Just look at those apparently impressive constructions which proved to be fragile in an earthquake.
58. The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination allocates on average two to three meetings annually out of its six weeks’ annual meeting time for its work under article 14.
Allow the reels of such movies to be seen and experienced consciously.
It is known that crack cocaine is cheaper and more addictive than some other forms of cocaine.
The United States appreciates the dedication and hard work of representatives in negotiating the proposal before us.
4. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
Successful work in this area would be promoted by substantive discussion on elaborating an effective verification mechanism for the Biological Weapons Convention.
Given the shared jurisdiction under Canada's Constitution and the importance Canada places on being in compliance with the obligations of a treaty before ratification, the federal, provincial and territorial governments undertake an extensive legislative and policy review prior to a decision on ratification.
Turkey
"We have identified the people who did the operation," Taseer told a news conference in Lahore, capital city of Punjab province.
Its inclusiveness and open-ended nature were highlighted by many delegations as indicators of its relevance and success.
The arrival of a president's budget always sparks partisan political battles about spending priorities
Sustainable development was one of the pillars of his Government's policy on development cooperation.
Even with all the knowledge and evidence of how sexuality is central to the lives of human beings, there is still limited recognition of the relevance of women's sexuality and of sexual rights in relation to all other spheres of development and human rights.
The establishment of the African Peer Review Mechanism is a laudable initiative.
However the dividing line between science and pseudoscience has been obscured from the post-modern standpoint of science. But the position that there is no essential nature in science conflicts with the spirit of science.
Meetings organized with PNTL, F-FDTL, representatives of the Secretariat of State for Security and the Ministry of Defence and civil society partners, including women's organizations
Location of launch: Plesetsk Cosmodrome Russian Federation
(d) British Overseas Citizens would not be included in this offer, nor would it apply to people who owed their British Dependent Territories citizenship to links with the British Indian Ocean Territory or the Sovereign Bases on Cyprus;
The Council decided to authorize the Commission to hold a resumed session.
Note by the Secretary-General dated 21 December (S/26910) transmitting the sixth report by the Executive Chairman of the Special Commission established pursuant to paragraph 9 (b) (i) of Security Council resolution 687 (1991).
B. Formulate and implement supportive policies and appropriate legal frameworks
You will have experience with this. We already have campaigns which are running but need to optimise it.
The technical scheme includes an induction sheet movably mounted on a car body or a crow body as well as an induction switch matched with the induction sheet;
The speakers repeated their outrage at the destructive effects of landmines, expressed their concern over the humanitarian suffering and socio-economic impact of landmines and noted the need for a continued commitment of the international community in the field of clearing anti-personnel landmines.
Trust Fund in Support of the Political Transition in Haiti
Moving on to a new firm?Get off to a good start by preparing ahead for your first few months on the job.
Fred collected lots of money from trick-or-treating and he went to the candy store to buy some chocolate.
I like that color.
Ethnic minority, imported workers and foreign domestic helpers
Except for a few exceptions which I will discuss later, there are no definitively exterior surfaces.
It is an uncontrollable mystery "on the bestial floor": on the floor, on the bottom, on the ground, where the animals dwell.
4. A pilot should be considered by which social workers who are public servants are appointed to interview nursing caretakers and agricultural workers, in order to investigate their employment conditions.
Why should that man give me a false diamond?
It could therefore be omitted for the time being from the general study of unilateral acts and taken up later to determine its possible impact in particular contexts.
And the portal website that does not say the step that visit town is bristly, sheet is a small town had been the portal flies all over the sky.
The Special Rapporteur is particularly concerned by the state of various human rights issues, and especially freedom of expression and land and housing rights.
10. In November 1997, the Committee on Science and Technology of the Parliament of Brazil approved the agreement on the centre for Latin America and the Caribbean, which has been signed by the Governments of Brazil and Mexico.
Plastic surgery has developed rapidly in recent years.
The euro would collapse, and the ECB finished as a creditable central bank.
(a) Notification of nuclear tests;
A letter from her mother: My dearest daughter. Today is your sixteenth birthday.
Twentieth session
The requisites for usucapion in China should include the two aspects: occupancy and the legal period of time.
Motorsport season
From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The company is incorporated in Delaware, and was therefore required to give shareholders only 10 days鈥?notice of the need for more funds.
Take a bottle of shampoo with you.
The sheltered harbour provided a favourable spot for rest and trade with China's interior.
While the human development approach aims at realizing individuals' freedoms by making enhancement of their capabilities the goal of development policy, the human rights approach focuses on claims that individuals have on the conduct of the State and other agents to secure their capabilities and freedoms.
Effective penalties range from imprisonment terms of 10 to 20 years for acts committed in support of terrorist organizations, and of 3 to 12 years (or with the penalty for the committed crime aggravated by one third in its minimum and maximum limits if that penalty is equal to or greater than 3 to 12 years' imprisonment) for individual acts of terrorism.
1. Approves the programme of work of the Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods and on the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals;
The data came as a surprise, he said, highlighting the complexity of energy expenditure.
91. The Special Committee, recalling the presidential statement of 11 February 2011 (S/PRST/2011/4), notes that successful implementation of the many tasks that peacekeeping operations could be mandated to undertake in the areas of security sector reform; disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration; rule of law; and human rights, requires an understanding of, and action based on a perspective that takes into account, the close interlinkage between security and development.
In Europe, crisis management mechanisms must be put in place to manage their deeply integrated nature, as 80% of Europe’s banking assets held in cross-border banking groups.
37. The Equal Opportunities Office, in cooperation with the various ministries and other administrative bodies, international, domestic and foreign governments and non-governmental organizations, performs the following tasks:
11. Key long-term products or instruments of the programme are:
The Special Prosecutor is vested with the authority of the Office of the Attorney General of the Republic and is empowered to deal with ordinary offences in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.
Periodic desk reviews of the capacity-building programme have been undertaken to make mid-course corrections and respond to emerging needs.
Show a certain characteristic when tested.
FAO notes that improving product quality and safety has become a priority area of action for many countries, and that the greatest reductions in fishery losses have been attributed to improvements in post-harvest practices.
The Committee also urges the State party to take proactive measures targeting categories of children whose birth registration remains problematic.
The  more garbage there is clogging gutters the more drainage problems we'll have.
What skill!
The old woman willed half her fortune to the school.
"(a) For a cell with a liquid cathode, the lithium content of the anode, when fully charged, is not more than 0.5 g, and for a cell with a solid cathode, the lithium content of the anode, when fully charged, is not more than 1 g;"
They have become so shaky, the ideological confusion has shaken them from their very roots.
Since 11 September, the Egmont Group, which now numbers 69 countries, has taken steps to enhance counter-terrorism efforts by promoting greater sharing and analysis of intelligence and information, particularly as it relates to financial transactions.
Liberia
When the Taliban ruled Afghanistan, from 1996 to 2001, it supported the vaccination effort, and indeed it continues to do so; a recent Taliban statement urged its Mujahedeen to provide polio workers with “all necessary support.”
(b) shortfalls between the amounts recovered under such guarantees and the losses said to have been incurred.
As such this gives peacekeeping operations a huge advantage over agencies.
(Signed) António Monteiro
Bankya
I don't know. Why don't we make some Iunch and figure something out?
I am curious as to what he will say.
40. At the 12th meeting, on 18 February, the Vice-Chair, Olisa Cifligu (Albania), made a statement, in which she brought to the attention of the Commission a draft resolution entitled "Modalities for the second review and appraisal of the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing, 2002" (E/CN.5/2011/L.3), submitted by her on the basis of informal consultations.
The Panel finds that Maksoud did not submit sufficient information or documentation to support its asserted losses.
While welcoming the bottom-up approach adopted by the co-chairs of the General Assembly consultations on system-wide coherence being conducted in New York, the Group emphasized that, for optimum results, programme design must be within overall national development plans and strategies.
Su-25
The High Commissioner noted that some progress had also been made by development agencies as well as in the discussion of human rights issues in the globalization process.
Yeah, I wish she made one for me.
Now, how can you create an art from the bacteria
Its combined sixth and seventh periodic reports were being prepared and would be submitted during the current year.
Sweet darling you worry too much, my child See the sadness in your eyes You are not alone in life Although you might think that you are So sorry your world is tumbling down I will watch you through these nights Rest your head and go to sleep Because my child, this not our farewell.
In this paper excitation modes and control strategies of levitation force winding for magnetic suspension bearing less motors are analyzed.
The islanders and the Argentines alike were peaceful, pleasant and friendly people.
Ah !  This is a waste of time!
Export growth in selected Asia-Pacific least developed countries
2.1. We agree with the comments in paragraph 15 of the document concerning the last sentence of article 3, paragraph 3.
The World Survey on the Role of Women in Development focuses on emerging development issues that have an impact on the role of women in the economy, and is presented to the Second Committee of the General Assembly at five-year intervals.
372. Act on Public Archives: The State Archives consist of the National Archives, the Regional Archives and the Danish National Business Archives.
In the context of international humanitarian legal standards, the use of armaments and munitions containing depleted uranium poses an imminent danger to the safety of human beings and their environment because of the toxicity and contamination that may result.
I think I'm the happiest man in the world.
DETECTIVE STONE: But you were there. You're both guilty.
The  Crystal  Palace was built in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of 1851.
To help meet this difficulty, film distributing companies started the practice of publishing suggestions for musical accompaniments.
Myanmar
Because, if the business card printing and membership card-making as a map making final output purposes, these issues must be considered.
And I will do in thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, because of all thine abominations.
17 February 2003
The UNRWA distribution area in Yarmouk was affected by regular clashes throughout the reporting period, with gunfire striking the staging and distribution areas on several occasions.
FCCC/AWGLCA/2008/CRP.6
Arnold Franklin I know who you are!
31. Mr. Chowdhury (Under-Secretary-General and High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States) said that the special involvement and contribution of the United Nations Resident Coordinators for the 50 least developed countries had been underscored during the five-year review of the Brussels Programme.
Build or enhance capacity at the local level to implement and operate waste management technologies.
II. Analysis of the current situation
A. Opening of the meeting
regular
How can we cultivate love within us? Just as we show our loved ones regular acts of love, we too need to show ourselves loving actions.
(i) To implement measures to specifically prevent violence related to unlawful practices by the police, including arbitrary arrests and detention and extrajudicial punishment of children for unlawful or unwanted behaviours;
Lists of issues and questions
Cognitive context based on culture is the inner force of the processing of associative meaning.
9577 Gropius
The first Timorese military personnel are being trained in Portugal and will be integrated into the Portuguese contingent that will participate in the peacekeeping mission in Lebanon under the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon.
The Fund, at $100 million, now stands at a little over 5.2 per cent of the current regular budget for one year ($1,899,900), covering only about two to three weeks of regular budget expenditure.
This was Van Garrett land, given to my father when I wore swaddling clothes.
Compliance assurance means a systematic programme of measures applied by a competent authority which is aimed at ensuring that the provisions of these Regulations are met in practice.
Coming into the room, he searched his fatIT angry.
Andrei Pinkov that it engage in military reasons to make a living and loving each half.
We look forward to an independent, honest and fresh assessment of where we need to go from here.
I will come to you here and now, in free love if you will, and I will be proud and glad to be with you.
74. Also at its opening plenary meeting, the Board completed the election of officers to serve on the Bureau of the Board at its forty-ninth session by electing 10 Vice-Presidents and the Rapporteur.
He said we have the Olympics budget set aside. Tony Blair was very confident at the time that the Olympics could help regenerate an entire part of London.
5. United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Items 11 and 12 of the provisional agenda
2. The state of health of women
Thirdly, with regard to the Council's attention to and performance on some of the issues on its agenda, all Member States would agree that the volume and number of issues that the Council is dealing with increases every single year.
(c) Decides that arrangements concerning the accreditation and participation of non-governmental organizations in the special session will in no way create a precedent for other special sessions of the General Assembly.
However, changes in FDI policies in the direction of greater openness may allow firms to establish themselves in a particular location, but they do not guarantee this.
No refunds on any opened packaged, it will be exchanged if still under warranty.
In the ensuing discussion there was general agreement that the principal issue impeding the operation of the regional and coordinating centres was a lack of funding.
The European Union was alarmed at the increase in the worst forms of child labour, including all forms of slavery.
The seminar brought together specialists and representatives of organizations of persons with disabilities from 10 Western African countries to review and discuss issues and trends and to formulate recommendations for more effective incorporation of disability concerns in policies and programmes on microcredit and microfinance.
The non-maritime leg of a contract should be covered by national law, and the draft convention should apply only to the maritime leg, because a shipper had no way of knowing where damage had occurred.
Belinda Dalton, director of eating disorders clinic The Oak House, said eating with family helped "normalise" young people's relationship with food.
The meeting was called to order at 10 a.m.
58. Letter dated 20 February 1958 from the representative of the Sudan addressed to the Secretary-General (21 February 1958; 21 February 1958).
(b) Prohibit direct and indirect discrimination in the enjoyment and exercise of all human rights, in conformity with article 5 of the Convention;
Thus, the Panel determined that claims for C4-CPHO losses should be compensated at the lower of the amount claimed or the amount generated by the statistical model.
Human Rights Council
In every such case, an appropriate decision is reached that takes the humanitarian need of the mother and the best interests of the child into account.
In the same vein, poverty can be a precursor and breeding ground of instability.
Policy will be renewed automatically on a yearly basis subject to underwriting approval and premium will be collected from the designated credit card account.
She said that the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), led by the United States of America, had launched a flagrant missile attack on the Chinese embassy in open defiance of international law and the norms of international relations.
Richtersveld
Condemning the continued widespread violations of human rights by the Syrian authorities, as well as any human rights abuses by armed opposition groups, and recalling that those responsible shall be held accountable,
Chad
While initially an informal network would be useful, as ERM practices spread across the system, a formal network would be more appropriate.
If you major in agriculture education services, you'll learn how to provide advice to agriculture professionals. You'll study a variety of agriculture, business, and education topics.
Promise yourself to accept life as it comes and truly make each day special.
UNDP was still investigating other alternatives, which included the outsourcing of the funds to an external professional fund manager.
The workshop expressed its appreciation to the Office for Outer Space Affairs, the Government of Argentina, CONAE and ESA for the organization of the important event and for the excellent conference facilities provided by the Catholic University of Argentina.
The time of conclusion of the questioning shall be noted;
Introduction of modern tools for production and the application of science and technology have boosted overall production.
The present report responds to that request.
The Mission's military strength will need to be maintained at the current ceiling of 7,500 troops and the police strength augmented by 54 individual police officers for institutional support, which brings the total strength to 1,951.
The Conference of the Parties may wish to take note of the information provided in the notes and consider the possible action proposed in document UNEP/POPS/COP.6/24.
The three main expectations identified were timely issuance of documents, good customer service and good quality of interpretation.
We also share the Secretary-General's support for the continued development of the concept of targeted sanctions so as to address the adverse effects of sanctions on innocent people.
F. Article 4, paragraphs 1 quin. and 1 sex.
Meanwhile, a Hong Kong TV report says a Chinese girl who died in Hunan province with flu symptoms has tested negative for avian flu.
In that connection, State legislation should be harmonized with traditional land-ownership systems.
Represents only a label, rather than a labeled statement.
The Conference took note of the report of the Credentials Committee, thus concluding consideration of this item.
In addition to ad hoc communications among the Commissioners and with the secretariat, the Panel held meetings at the Commission's headquarters in Geneva on 4-6 October, 22-24 November, 14-16 December 2004, 31 January-1 February and 22-24 March 2005.
Letter dated 5 May 2000 from the Permanent Representative of Nigeria to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
In some, migrant domestic workers are regarded as temporary workers under the protection of their employers.
Agenda item 122: Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
JUSCANZ (Japan, United States of America, Canada, Australia and New Zealand)
For commodities investors, a stronger dollar is another reason for caution.
Suppliers may also establish easier access to consumer redress.
The main goal of these strategies should be to facilitate the development of new industries that are stable and can enhance the dynamic comparative advantage of the local economy.
4.10 On the question of the medical certificates, the State party considers that they are not sufficient to eliminate the contradictions and implausibilities contained in the author's statements.
But, really, what does it matter how I got infected?
Cajari
The general manager of conglomerate is a lady of uncommon brilliance.
Academy for Future Science
Strategy for the period 2008-2011 for the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
Can you extinguish your cigarette?
May I introduce Li Na to you?
In addition, the United States is engaging in the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade negotiations as a mechanism for improving linkages among many of the major Asia-Pacific economies.
Some of the 50 police vehicles donated by the German Government have started to arrive in the capital.
In addition, the educational system should be used to teach human rights and enhance a culture of tolerance and respect for the rule of law.
[Report of the Secretary-General on the unforeseen and extraordinary expenses for the biennium 2004-2005]
Social control
Determined to improve the humanitarian situation in Iraq,
When the MDGs had been launched, the then five-year national development plan had made use of their targets and indicators.
We look forward to the conclusions and recommendations of the panel of eminent personalities that the Secretary-General intends to appoint to discuss the reform of the United Nations.
10. At the 43rd meeting, on 11 December, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft resolution entitled "Ensuring effective secretariat support for sustained follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development" (A/C.2/57/L.62), which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.44.
All of these signals are gainadjusted, filtered and summed in an analog control computer.
II
78.22. Provide suitable, dedicated secure facilities for serious juvenile offenders, with greater training for personnel involved in their supervision, and meaningful alternatives to imprisonment for minor juvenile offenders (United Kingdom);
That in turn has made him an attractive figure for parts of the conservative camp in the United States.
We are ready to contribute to peace and stability in Syria in the course of serious negotiations among regional and extra-regional parties.
The networking approach that is being developed for the operation of the Commission is being designed to facilitate that approach to capacity-building.
27. Evidence of slow but steady progress in development was seen by increased government revenues and small improvements in health, education, the macroeconomy and infrastructure.
Cannot maintain luminosity when replacement ink is lighter than deleted ink.
Upgrade of one P-5 post to D-1 (Convention Operations Branch).
The waveguide may be formed by into*ching two 3D photonic crystal regions, with at least one of the regions having a channel formed therein.
The positive income effects spread over the region from Gulf Cooperation Council member countries through increased workers' remittances and other transfers.
The Tibetan local government and the Bainqen's administrative body, Kampus Assembly, also sent representatives to the national assembly in 1946 called by the Nanjing national government.
Every one cannot make music
In addition, not only is the revitalization of public administration necessary to achieving the Millennium Development Goals, but itself depends upon the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
Accept that sometimes you'll be sad, that's just part of life.
Today, the Federation is one of the 86 member organizations from 32 States in Europe.
Neither the extended question set on functioning for adults nor the UNICEF/Washington Group set for children have been included in the survey.
The sums proposed for 2006-2007 had grown by only 0.1 per cent in real terms, while those for 2004-2005 had grown by 0.5 per cent over those for 2002-2003.
The victim had no chance when four or five thugs ganged up on him.
The change can be attributed partly to women's proven capability of political leadership.
General-purpose machine guns
I acknowledge the complexity of establishing a completely new police force and transferring responsibility for public order to it in the aftermath of a long civil war and in the middle of a crime wave.
The representative of Egypt made a statement concerning the oral amendment made by the representative of India.
105. Pursuant to the Law on Social Enterprises, a mother who is the only caregiver of a child under the age of 8 years and who has been unemployed for more than six months since the date of her registration with a labour exchange office is attributed to a target group of persons employed in social enterprises.
7. URGES Member States, which have not yet done so, to present their outstanding periodic reports to the ACHPR in accordance with Article 62 of the Charter;
It has just set in to snow [ rain ].
Elderly Commission 1st Meeting
Officers involved in the establishment of peacekeeping missions told OIOS that they found the contribution of OLA very helpful.
To find a spiritual sustenance, to say it is also a good way.
Secondly, should we wait for double standards and selectivity to become the Security Council's standard practice when it addresses international peace and security issues, or is it time for the Council to consider all threats to international peace and security on an equal footing, whatever the parties involved or whatever the prevailing political balances?
The Working Group then held an exchange of views, and, following the discussion, the experts were given the task of negotiating draft conclusions of the Group that would provide concrete follow-up to the Secretary-General's report.
 This positive evolution in Haiti's political situation has been made possible by the constant, effective support of the international community, which has stood by the Haitian people in their efforts and to which my delegation is deeply grateful.
SCOLDHis parents scolded him for staying out so late at night.
In many State parties, including the Russian Federation, the same departments are often responsible for drafting reports on various human-rights agreements.
(b) the universities the facilities of which will be used by ASTRI for conducting its research projects before its own facilities are set up at the Hong Kong Science Park in 2005; whether the resources required will be research expenditures to be borne by ASTRI or the universities concerned;
It will be nice if and when some reliable facts become available.
Model provision 43. Duration and extension of the concession contract
Agenda items 57 to 72 (continued)
she promised to tack care of these children when those mother taking nightshift.
It also called upon States to create national policies that enable workers with families to engage in employment without risking discrimination and take measures to develop or promote community services, public or private, such as childcare and family services and facilities, thus enabling parents to engage in employment.
Matias suggests that parents avoid chronological resumes and consider using a combination format.
Mr. Sunil Talati, ICAI, India
A cam is a theater rip usually done a digital video camera.
297. Decides that those representatives from developing countries who are invited by the Co-Chairs, in consultation with Governments, to make presentations during the meetings of the Informal Consultative Process shall receive priority consideration in the disbursement of funds from the voluntary trust fund established pursuant to resolution 55/7 in order to cover the costs of their travel, and shall also be eligible to receive daily subsistence allowance subject to the availability of funds after the travel costs of all other eligible representatives from those countries mentioned in paragraph 272 above have been covered;
African rodent resembling a mole in habits and appearance.
Human development is the focus of all these efforts.
Often, public awareness of sexual violence as a crime is not necessarily a given.
Outcome of the universal periodic review: Guatemala
Resolution adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 24 July 2013
17. At its ninth session,2 the Committee had decided to convene a pre-session working group for five days before each session to prepare a list of issues and questions relating to periodic reports that would be considered by the Committee at the session.
However, customs officers would need to make Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) under the Section 39(1) of the CDSA as laid out in the footnote on S39(1) of CDSA in Subparagraph 1.6 above.
Article 15 Entry into the land and water military restricted zones by personnel, vehicles and vessels other than those belonging to the units in charge of the zones shall be prohibited.No photographing, video- taping, recording, reconnoitering, surveying, drawing or describing of the restricted zones shall be allowed, except with the approval of the military organs at or above the military area command level.
2 May
(a) NGO Forum for the World Summit for Social Development, Copenhagen (Denmark), 3-12 March 1995;
As an example, a common payroll would require the harmonization of staff rules and regulations, entitlements and benefits across the system.
3. Urges Governments, organs, organizations and programmes within the United Nations system as well as intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and industries conducting space-related activities to take the necessary action for the effective implementation of the Vienna Declaration;
The publications of the organization comprise an international journal, Revue, with three issues per year dealing with topical road traffic safety subjects as well as proceedings of world congresses, seminars and workshops.
Arts in Scotland
12. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
The OAS Convention against Terrorism contains specific articles designed to encourage mutual legal assistance and eliminate illicit recourse to asylum and refuge as a bar to extradition for individuals suspected of violating the 12 United Nations conventions relating to terrorism.
Operation and maintenance of HIV voluntary confidential counselling and testing facilities for all Mission personnel
The representative of Lebanon noted that the past three years had witnessed continued deterioration in the occupied Palestinian territory's economic conditions.
The Ordinance guaranteed freedom of religion, as well as tolerance and respect among different religions and the protection by the State of non-Muslim religious organizations.
 The sixth preambular paragraph was retained by 118 votes to 2, with 10 abstentions.
(e) To set up, in all jurisdictions, programmes of comprehensive and on-going education for young people and adults with disabilities;
It is sold in United Nations bookshops to subscribers and non-subscribers, with approximately 500 copies sold of each edition over its lifetime.
Late 2013 Mid-2008 Delayed 3 months (as reported in 2009)
Most of our lives have been broken down to completely logical decisions, that making choices on a whim has been stamped out.
Like teacher, like pupil.
Law of the Sea Institute, Noordwijk, The Netherlands, 23rd Annual Conference (1989)
International humanitarian law, including the fourth Geneva Convention of 1949 and its two Additional Protocols of 1977, sets out adequate provisions in this regard.
We have to save ourselves.
It is estimated that the oncology out-patient service could serve 300 cancer patients annually, and the breast centre could provide an additional 1,800 attendances each year.
"Eradication of poverty and other development issues:
TOTAL REGULAR BUDGET FUNDS
With regard to questions on the penitentiary system, Peru reiterated information provided regarding the numerous measures taken to review the system and address the issue and the current measures for the reform of the system.
"· To acquire intellectual property, to preserve the secrets of one's skill and to make unhindered use of creative achievements;
 13. In their periodic reports States parties should have regard to the previous report and to the proceedings of the Committee in regard to that report, and should include, inter alia, the following:
On the other hand, it took the criterion of predominant nationality into account, if it was called upon to afford a person with dual nationality diplomatic protection against a third State.
At its 2975th meeting (CCPR/C/SR.2975), held on 27 March 2013, the Committee adopted the following concluding observations.
2013 American novels
The decisions adopted by the Council/Forum on the item are set out in annex I to the present proceedings and are listed in chapter III above.
8. Appeals to Member States, in particular those within the Latin American and Caribbean region, as well as to international governmental and non-governmental organizations and foundations, to make and to increase voluntary contributions to strengthen the Regional Centre, its programme of activities and the implementation thereof;
GON has been devising several policies, strategies, plans, action plans, and programmes for raising living standard of the people.
The government, attaching great importance to the resettlement of the workers in these enterprises, has provided short- or medium-term training so that they can adapt to their new jobs quickly.
 (a) A study has been carried out on the socio_economic situation of all 252 municipalities; 67 have been found to be below the critical level of development. This study has proved the need for a government action-oriented policy to promote their development.
My Sweetest Lesbia Thomas Campion My sweetest Lesbia, let us live and love, And though the sager sort our deeds reprove, Let us not weigh them.Heaven's great lamps do dive Into their west, and straight again revive, But soon as once set is our little light, Then must we sleep one ever-during night.
Igrek
72. Report of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994.
"There is an intense conflict going on in parts of Somalia," he said.
This also means that 87 percent, the reminder of this land, is registered in the husband's name alone.
Contact a long lost friend and make plans to meet and catch up.
China will continue to work with other countries with common responsibilities.
As fledgling institutions prepared for government, rival armed groups continued to clash in the Abyei region.
Finally, a development bank such as the BRICS bank needed to be large enough to make the kind of impact that would foster industrial capacity growth in diverse sectors across the economies of the South and could achieve this objective if it could make US$70 billion in disbursements annually.
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/63/395) [95]
"Consumer goods" includes intellectual property or a licence of intellectual property used or intended to be used by the grantor for personal, family or household purposes.
The Committee calls on the State party to make every effort to improve the literacy level of girls and women through the adoption of comprehensive programmes of formal and non-formal education, and through adult education and training.
236. Support for NGOs.
Cricket - Under 19
Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan, famous for his daredevil stunts , says he's frustrated by Hollywood's safety rules.
Its implementation was safeguarded by the Observatory on Citizen Participation and Non-Discrimination.
Pursuant to a decision of the Regional Coordination Meeting at its second session, in April 2000, the subcommittees have been replaced by the Regional Coordination Meeting Thematic Working Group on Rio + 10 and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Water for Asia and the Pacific respectively and the Subcommittee on Space Applications for Sustainable Development has been abolished.
Presidential elections in May, which returned Maduro to power, were a farce, and many of the world’s democracies said so in no uncertain terms.
A: What kinds of decisions do you leave to other people
(b) Programme and Budget Committee.
The botanical garden department also inspected has reinforced urban street's roadside trees.
Interned in a German camp during World War II, she escaped to America and went on to make sense of the horrors of Nazism and Stalinism in her writing.
Similarly, George H.W. Bush’s administration did most of the heavy lifting on NAFTA, before Bill Clinton signed it into law in December 1993.
Box 11
56. The Commission also endorsed a draft letter from the Chairman of the Commission addressed to the Permanent Representatives of States whose nationals were currently members of the Commission with a view to seeking their assistance in facilitating the work of the members concerned.
Highlighters and different colored pens are a great way for this learner to absorb information.
"Ladies' Night" is on Wednesdays and on Thursdays is Latin Night.
I would be grateful if it could be distributed as an official document of the Conference.
Regardless of the circumstances, what to do if you've been fired?
59. From 25 December 2004 to 1 September 2005, the Office for Addressing Sexual Exploitation and Abuse concluded and submitted to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations more than 100 investigations.
Look,I'm glad Jessi's safe.
Then we place these mountains on the island, surrounding this sort of central green valley. Almost like a central park.
"Over the years, the Non-Aligned Movement has maintained a firm position of solidarity with the Palestinian people and its just cause, has rejected Israel's illegal occupation of Arab territories and has condemned massive, flagrant and systematic violations of human rights and of international humanitarian law committed by the occupying Power.
They created and took advantage of rising property values and thought in terms of profitable business.
V. Cooperation in other areas
:    | British Prime Minister Gordon Brown arrived in Beijing early Friday morning for an official visit to China till Sunday, the first since he took office last June
While the application of relevant IAEA safeguards measures in such states would be encouraged, it is also recognized that alternative verification measures could be considered, drawing upon experience gained in the negotiation and implementation of other nuclear non-proliferation, arms control and disarmament treaties and initiatives (e.g. the INF Treaty, SALT, START, and the Trilateral Initiative).
Zhongruan
To Relieve Hepatalgia in 20 Patients of Hepatocarcinoma by Microwave Heat Therapy Combined with Chinese Herbal Medical Stickingcal Sticking
Topic
11. The Human Rights Committee, acting under article 5, paragraph 4, of the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, is of the view that the facts before it disclose a violation of article 26 of the Covenant.
"Bow and knife never leave their hands, " wrote a Song dynasty chronicler; or mist nets, a modern chronicler might add.
This topic explains how to filter a recordset so that it selects only a particular subset of the available records.
We have instructed our bank to open an L/C for the amount of this order
71. At its inception, the CTBT had been based on the understanding that the elimination of nuclear testing in a verifiable manner was a practical goal.
The amendments to the two Acts are aimed at easing non-regular workers’ employment insecurity and helping them retain their jobs by extending the maximum employment period for fixed-term workers and the maximum dispatch period for dispatched workers from the current two years to four years.
37. His Government actively pursued regional and global cooperation on counter-terrorism.
He noted that while the Assignment Convention excluded financial contracts, as defined in that instrument, it only excluded those that were subject to netting agreements and some others such as foreign exchange contracts and securities lending arrangements.
Target 2
9. The Meeting of the States Parties decided, as contained in paragraph 28 of CCW/MSP/2005/2, that "the intersessional work of the Group of Governmental Experts will be undertaken in three sessions at Geneva during 2006."
 In total, there would be 20 such teams operating out of the regional headquarters.
Phosphor changes indium chip to need more than silicon chip second precipitate and etch.
Where social and cultural norms that lead to gendered stereotypes and discrimination persist, women's participation may continue to be ineffective, tokenistic and even damaging to women's rights.
The girl would turn her cell phone off and put it by her photo on the desk every night before going to bed.
Further, so far as those employees not engaged in military activities are concerned, Iraq argued that the payments were ex gratia.
Its first Review Conference will be held from 29 October to 3 December 2004 in Nairobi, Kenya.
6. Cooperation between the United Nations and OSCE permeates every level of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
Submitted by Chile**
Tribute to the International Law Commission
Permission to speak on the motion shall be accorded only to two representatives in favour of and to two opposing the division.
He was seen dining his guests in an upscale French restaurant.
Subprogramme 1. Macroeconomic analysis, finance and economic development
Forced Marriages
Three individuals, all male, were covered by these communications.
7. The annual growth rate of the youth population in the 1990s continues to be highest in northern Africa (about 3 per cent) and is also relatively high (more than 2 per cent) in sub-Saharan Africa, south-central Asia and western Asia.
The organization shall take appropriate action on the equipment and any product affected.
Vice-Chairpersons: Georg Witschel (Germany)
 The Board agreed to meet at Geneva for the 1994 annual meeting as previously decided by the Governing Council in its decision 93/45 of 17 June 1993.
Philip Yeo Liat Kok (Singapore)
The term "irregular" has been used to cover migrant workers who live or work in the receiving State without authorization, whereas "regular" refers to migrant workers with authorization to live and work in the receiving State.
[28. The Secretariat shall send any submission it makes in accordance with paragraph 24 (c) above directly to the Committee and the Party whose compliance is in question within fifteen days of the conclusion of the ninetyday period referred to in paragraph 24 (c) above;]
Soldiers divided into teams wearing yellow or red silk robes.
Ongoing certification initiatives with provisions for group certification and proposals for introducing stepwise or modular certification (to provide more time to achieve best practices) are especially important in enabling small and medium-sized enterprises and indigenous peoples producer groups to participate fully in certification schemes.
This call that the Assembly made was heeded. Today, the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria is supporting 386 programmes in 130 countries, with a combined value of $10 billion.
Meetings on juvenile justice with international and national NGOs
he let out the vine - garden to keepers; every one had to give a thousand bits of silver for its fruit.
The Committee remains concerned at the fact that perpetrators of such violence remain unpunished.
This kind of foreign commercial presence is often accompanied by movement of providers (e.g. professors) and of consumers (e.g. students moving from the headquarters to the subsidiaries and vice versa).
Chinese friends have contributed a lot to Kenya, for which his country is deeply thankful.
The African Group emphasizes that the controversy surrounding the concept of universal jurisdiction is not about whether the concept validly exists, but rather about the scope of its applicability.
Such a new developmental State should integrate coherently macroeconomic, meso-economic and sectoral policies, including active targeted agricultural and industrial policies, in order to increase the developmental impact of its policies and build societal consensus around a national development project.
The University Grants Committee (UGC) announced today (March 11) the overall results of the Second Matching Grant Scheme. The eight UGC-funded institutions have altogether secured close to $1.9 billion in donations under the Second Scheme, and the full amount of $1 billion matching grant has been allocated.
It's great to see you again.
161 (d)
Catherine Duggleby is part of a group of friends, most of whom met when they did the same aerobics class at their local gym in Manchester, and she can't imagine doing exercise any other way.
This isn't a computer. It's a robot.
To inform the other State and the international community of such declaration of war, it makes a declaration to the State concerned and gives notification to the international community, both of these being unilateral acts.
Or YngLing, (which sounds like competitive Welsh but isn't) because I've no idea what it is and it'd be a weird adventure. Paula Radcliffe
When I have doubts, I go back to the figures.
Try our sweet corn. You"ll smile from ear to ear."
The structure of DDT
Proposed 2009/10
He further believes that there is a general desire in Norway for the Parliamentary Ombudsman to assume a more active role in safeguarding human rights.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution, by a recorded vote of 105 to 51, with 19 abstentions.
Countries should identify types of interventions and relevant species, and should assess the economic and social sustainability of the models being used, with due account of the indications and initiatives of the local people, should encourage the use of the local species or selected introductions that have developed good adaptation to island conditions and may present comparatively advantageous features, and should adapt forest management and silviculture to heighten preparedness and capability of response to hurricane and other disaster hazards.
With respect to the claim for paid leave for August, September and October 1990, Primorje states that upon the workers' arrival from Iraq, it was unable to employ them immediately. It, therefore, sent them on leave.
18 June 1992a
In the course of the Committee's discussions one of its members - Mr. Grissa - indicated that he was opposed to the proposal to draft an optional protocol.
4. Revised estimated appropriation for the biennium 2004 - 2005
But in the market place he met Death, who gave him a strange sort of look. . .
Tanzania at the 2008 Summer Olympics
D. Older women
Month
"And He will say, 'Where are their gods, The rock in which they sought refuge
Have you any excuse to offer for frequent absence from collective practice?
This process of adjustment is known as Dutch disease.
Delegations recommended that baseline data and systematic monitoring and evaluation mechanisms be emphasized in country programmes as a way to assess outcomes and impact.
International trade as an engine for development
resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
 The Secretary-General will nevertheless continue to pursue these targets with vigour and determination.
Others put the number of homeless people at between 300,000 and 800,000.
A limited number of anti-personnel mines will, however, be kept for research and training.
30 mm round for 2A42 HE
“The Preparatory Commission for CTBTO, established by the States signatories to the Treaty on 19 November 1996, has been mandated, inter alia, to carry out the necessary preparations for the effective implementation of the Treaty:
The pattern of cannabis seizures since 1980, shown in figure 10, suggests that, at the global level, cannabis resin has increased in importance relative to cannabis herb.
E training and competition, athletes psychological quality is vital to win or lose the competition.
(c) To note that the additional assessment of $60,646,900, representing the difference between the shortfall in assessment ($191,569,200) and the other income/adjustments ($130,922,300) with respect to the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009, shall be apportioned in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 63/258.
29.49 The provision of $51,400 relates to general temporary assistance to be used as follows: (a) to assist the Committee secretariat in operating of the Internet server, help desk and system administration for the Official Web Site Locator for the United Nations system; and (b) to assist the Committee secretariat in servicing the annual meeting, in preparing for interest group and task force meetings.
Gender norms limit women's ability to determine their level of risk due to ignorance about sex and sexuality, lower status in society and relationships and economic and social dependency on male partners.
 7. In many countries, the fact that a disproportionate share of the increase in domestic spending triggered by the greater availability of financing had gone to imports also contributed to this outcome.
United Nations Development Programme overall
The theater is the first especially designed for Peking Opera performances in the capital.
You have two weeks, no one knows where you are.
In such a context, the WHO report issues an unappealable verdict in affirming that in Africa there is no evidence that cases of malaria and malaria-related deaths have declined since 2006.
Both were undone after it emerged that they grossly overstated revenues in their listing documents.
29. Bilal Hijazi (11)
The meeting was suspended at 11.45 a.m. and resumed at 11.47 a.m.
TOTAL ASSETS
World Association for Psychosocial Rehabilitation
 15. Inclusion of a human rights component as a substantive and permanent feature of military training.
11 December 2008
But it was the third attack, which came the following day, that will prove most devastating to efforts to achieve peace.
This view is reflected within the report of the independent Steering Committee, as well as the report of the Secretary-General on accountability (A/60/846/Add.7), which reflected the results of consultations with both the Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS) and the Board of Auditors in its preparation.
Annex I
He received a remission of sentence for good conduct.
Without for a moment subjugating our proliferation concerns, we all continue to insist on systematic and progressive efforts to implement the obligation in the NPT's article VI to pursue negotiations on effective measures for nuclear disarmament.
It's gonna be a good show.
Invented by the Wright Brothers accelerated into production by two world wars.
AcademicSearch
Thirteenth session
Andorra
Furthermore, in 1998/99, before the fifty-fifth session of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur is planning to visit the United States of America on the issue of violence against women in prisons.
ECE will contribute with its expertise on housing standards, management of housing stock, energy efficiency, land management and real estate markets.
Ratification of the CTBT by all annex 2 States is hampered by political will, not by strategic considerations any more.
3. Confidential data and information may only be used by the Secretary-General and staff of the Secretariat, as authorized by the Secretary-General, and by the members of the Legal and Technical Commission as necessary for and relevant to the effective exercise of their powers and functions.
Annex
48. The tragic living conditions of the Palestinians had been reflected impartially in the UNRWA report presented by the Commissioner-General.
The Committee addressed the issue of the strategic approach to international chemicals management (SAICM).
There was a big gap between the average incomes of men and women, with men's income averaging ANG 2,807 and women's ANG 1,701.
If such indictments were left to the decision of a political body, such as the Security Council, this could not but call into question the impartiality of international justice.
 Contrary to erroneous or misleading reports, the Government of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina fully supports and expects the Contact Group to fulfil the measures it has committed itself to, including in particular the lifting of the de facto arms embargo.
Paragraphs Page
CEDAW also urged it to ensure that the composition and activities of the national human rights institution are gender-sensitive and fully address women's human rights.
Portugal reiterates its support for a two-State solution, with the creation of an independent, democratic and viable Palestinian State, to exist side by side in peace and security with the State of Israel.
Its action takes place mainly in the Middle East, and its partners are local organizations, all headed by militant women of the country concerned.
"I started playing tennis because of Monica Seles, " Ivanovic said.
Substantive participation in and inputs to the activities of the Regional Unit for Latin America and the Caribbean of the Montreal Protocol, in particular its capacity-building and technology-transfer activities
At another university, following a student sit-in, the university is closed until October.
United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO)
The woman, especially, was hideous; her usual feverish tremulousness was intensified, her countenance had become livid, and her eyes resembled burning coals
49. Information and communication technologies for development
But with the possibility of stagflation 鈥?low growth paired with high inflation 鈥?hanging over the eurozone's economy, European politicians have begun to warn the ECB not to ignore growth as it strives for price stability.
Table C: Cross-reference between clustersa and possible elements
The applicant further states that, in terms of the impact of the suggested cruises on the environment, they are considered not to have a significant impact on the seabed.
Well, you've done the right thing, says Mommy But Mommy, I was sitting on daddy's lap.
Returnees, including ex-combatants, retain the right to any property they may have left in Rwanda.
Typical provisions of many of these agreements include: notification of enforcement activities affecting the other party's important interests; commitments to take into account the other party's significant interests when investigating or applying remedies against RBPs (traditional comity); consultations to resolve conflicts between the parties' respective laws, policies and national interests; coordinated action in respect of related RBPs occurring in both countries; requests for assistance in investigations when RBPs on the territory of the party requested are adversely affecting the significant interests of the requesting party; requests for enforcement of an order by one party in the territory of another party; and commitments (subject to compatibility with national laws and important interests, and to the availability of resources) to give serious consideration to such requests for investigatory assistance or enforcement, including by providing non—confidential information and, in a few cases, confidential information (subject to safeguards).
I Summary of the proceedings of the review process 5 - 99 3
9472 Bruges
It took asas four hours to get over the mountain.
And a watermelon will be only as big as a baseball if you take away all the water.
Smelting of secondary materials usually results in a main product and several by-products.
Adopted decision 2013/15 on the (a) annual report on evaluation and the management response; (b) evaluation of the UNDP strategic plan, 2008-2013, and the management response; (c) evaluation of the global programme and the management response; (d) evaluation of the regional programme for Africa and the management response; (e) evaluation of the regional programme for Arab States and the management response; (f) evaluation of the regional programme for Asia and the Pacific and the management response; (g) evaluation of the regional programme for Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States and the management response; (h) evaluation of the regional programme for Latin America and the Caribbean and the management response; and (i) evaluation of UNDP contribution to South-South and triangular cooperation and the management response.
But those who choose to build clouds for private use or as a business in itself have critical technology decisions to make in abstracting and managing underlying resources.
Flexural modulus
At this point, the developer, Sara, begins a new line of questions relating to scope, especially whether user documentation is in or out.
The so-called text, means the Isle of Man original and unpublished manuscripts.
(c) Ensure that legislation prohibiting harmful traditional practices provides for appropriate sanctions and that perpetrators of such acts are brought to justice;
Today, we have two problems to solve
you can seen the bank opposite when you walking out of the station.
of the
(i) Partnerships and programmes
Amazon expects to benefit from sales of digital content;
The closure of the Karni crossing for goods for substantial periods had particularly serious consequences for Gaza as it resulted in a denial of access to foodstuffs, medicines and fuel.
A number of major developments had taken place in Turkey, particularly in the legal field, since it had submitted its combined fourth and fifth periodic reports to the Committee in July 2003.
According to the Palestinian Ministry of Education and Higher Education, 164 students and 12 teachers from its schools were killed, and another 454 students and 5 teachers were injured.
That suggestion was supported by several other members.
To address this:
are the only men锛?
In particular, through joint Multilateral Initiatives on Malaria/Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases effort, special emphasis is being placed on building capacity and support malaria research in Africa.
80. The Consultation emphasized the importance of National Water Sector Assessments that had already been initiated under the programme area of integrated water resources management as a starting-point for the identification of capacity-building needs and priorities.
54. Uncertainty in domestic production, international price and exchange rate volatility and deteriorating terms of trade frequently gave rise to unsustainable debt burdens for least developed countries, while high debt servicing costs diverted government revenue from crucial social and developmental initiatives, affecting long-term economic productivity and greatly aggravating poverty.
Railway lines in Malaysia
So when the chief priests and the officers saw Him, they cried out saying, "Crucify, crucify
91. Full compliance with the Peace Accords will strengthen my efforts to obtain external financial assistance in support of peace-related programmes.
Shenzhen Telecom branch is one of the experimental units.
Statement by the President of the Security Council (S/PRST/2000/20)
26. It urged the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its neighbours to prevent any direct or indirect support, delivery of arms or any other form of assistance to armed groups operating in the region and deny use of any territory by armed groups to carry out acts of aggression or subversion against any State in the region.
1.Don't lie to me
The Committee noted with satisfaction that, pursuant to the agreement reached at its forty-fourth session, an ad hoc consultative mechanism had been established to review issues relevant to this item.
V. SUGGESTED ACTION BY THE GOVERNING COUNCIL ON THE GLOBAL MERCURY ASSESSMENT
Letter dated 3 June (S/1994/662) from the representative of Iraq addressed to the Secretary-General.
Lakeside allowed students to pursue their own intereststo whatever extent they wished.
To set up a mechanism of mutual restraint, the money involved, anything can happen.
So at this point, now the code's getting a little more interesting, but it's also getting a little bloated.
Development and international cooperation to achieve development must be the main concern of this Organization, and not other mechanisms, which - besides responding to very specific and partial interests - constitute a major potential for interference.
To facilitate the work of the Commission, it is recommended that draft resolutions be submitted to the Secretariat in electronic form.
The Commission did, however, express the view that consideration should be given to the relationship between functional protection by the United Nations and diplomatic protection by a State and the possibility of competing claims to protection.
Successful marketing is a matter, amongst other things, of identifying the right product for particular market.
Corporate leaders must deliver for their shareholders, and shouldn’t bother themselves too much with what happens to the rest of society.
27. One element of the MYFFs is an annual funding meeting, which does not, however, have the prominence of the annual Pledging Conference of the General Assembly and little attention is given to the way in which pledges are communicated to the organization concerned.
18. United Nations organizations implementing programmes for tsunami relief include entities in the United Nations Secretariat, funds and programmes and specialized agencies.
Still open for public comment, if approved standards would not be fully implemented until 2030.
At the same time, he would meet with opposition here.
VI
The second phase of the project involved formulating recommendations on remedial measures for overcoming these problems.
40. The Greek National Commission for Human Rights co-organized a conference in April 2003 on the application of European anti-discrimination legislation that was attended by representatives of governmental and non-governmental organizations from Germany, Greece, Ireland, Lithuania and Slovenia.
Ecuador
(c) Balaji Gems
Recalling its resolution 2006/46 of 28 July 2006 on the follow-up to the Summit and review of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and the mandate that it gave to the Commission,
645. A review of the IMIS-generated project status reports on the financial status of technical cooperation projects is currently being undertaken with a view of improving the financial management of the projects.
But it required supplementation when, as chancellor of the exchequer in 1957, he was hit by a run on the pound; a badly divided official Treasury was in no position to give it.
De Dietrich
The girl snuggle the boy, said: now, can you slow down.
' muttered Heathcliff. Take the candle, and go where you please
Both Alonso and Briatore, however, agree that claiming victory in a Grand Prix will be an almost impossible task this season.
Publications established in 1923
In October 2010, the Federation provided a report reviewing the rights of women in Uganda for the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
No one can become a member of both houses simultaneously.
offer: [C] ~ (for sth) amount offered : a firm offer, ie one which was genuinely meant and not likely to be withdrawn I've had an offer of 1200 for the car.. They made an offer which I couldn't refuse..
Yet we cannot discover this purpose when we keep a lid on our feelings.
In order to cope with Law 1/2009, in 2009, the Judiciary Police formulated the Internal Guidelines regarding Lawyer Accompanying Witnesses, Suspects or Defendants during the Investigation at the Judiciary Police, requesting criminal investigators to allow all the persons who assist in, coordinate with and receive criminal investigations to acquire legal information and legal consultation, and be in the company of lawyers without the presentation of authorisation letters during the investigations, pursuant to the rights granted by the relevant law under the circumstance that the normal progress of criminal procedures will not be hindered.
CFA Ceasefire Agreement
2. nowadays a photo without a negative can be replicated
" Then he beat her ten strokes with a whip.
12 January 2011
Get used to being tired, hit the desk
18. The Advisory Committee is not convinced of the adequacy of these arrangements.
Unreasonably and illogically, they hold the Syrian Government responsible for what is happening to the Syrian nation and people.
Yep, I am looking for an another more suitable job that I can thoroughly perform my ability.
11A.148 In the 1960s and 1970s, the activities of transnational corporations were seen as a threat or potential threat to sovereignty, and throughout the developing world there was much scepticism about the benefits of foreign direct invest.
In 1997, a National Plan of Action for the years 1997-2000 was launched by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, aimed at improving the situation of women and expanding their role in society.
3. The Model Strategies and Practical Measures take into account the fact that children who are alleged as, accused of or recognized as having infringed criminal law, especially those who are deprived of their liberty, face a high risk of violence.
The mandate of the Force has subsequently been extended by the Council.
Villages in Hangzhou grow the famous Longjing tea and silk worms.
All the reports received after the above-mentioned date will be posted on the secretariat website at <http://www.unccd.int>.
 Since then, both sides have worked towards the achievement of a durable peace.
The strength she abhorred attracted her.
The last point that companies should bear in mind when filling positions is to consider their existing employees for new responsibilities.
The meeting rose at 9.50 a.m.
(c) The final evaluation of the UNICEF response to the 2004 tsunami in Indonesia, Sri Lanka, and Maldives is under way, examining the impact of the response and drawing lessons for transition and recovery programming;
That's because I have always known about your flaw, and I take advantage of it.
Ireland
Balance as at 31 December 2012 (A)
He noted that the beautiful future of the world depends on the joint efforts of youth of all countries, encouraged the students, through visits and exchanges, to understand China comprehensively and objectively, increase mutual understanding and friendship and join hands to create a bright tomorrow for the entire world.
Khawa Panga
Olfaction Sensillum in antennae of H. armigera consists of cuticular-wall, dendrites, sensillum lymph and sheath cells.
78. The structural principle of the State, entrenched in article 20, paragraph 1, and article 79, paragraph 3, of the Basic Law, unequivocally rejects the State form of monarchy.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights considered the initial report of The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the implementation of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (E/C.12/MKD/1) at its 42nd, 43rd and 44th meetings, held on 13 and 14 November 2006, and adopted, at its 56th meeting, held on 22 November 2006, the following concluding observations.
This amount or the balance thereof is reimbursed 30 days after leaving the mission.
(a) International trade and development (continued)
32. A speaker from the World Bank stressed that technology change alone might not be sufficient to achieve sustainable transport.
The second one is about teaching materials, which embodies the theory of curriculum and utilization from choice pf the stuffs and functions.
There was prolonged discussion on that point, with no consensus reached.
4. The second workshop on indigenous media was organized, in cooperation with the Department of Public Information of the United Nations, at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 11 to 14 December 2000.
Guyana
The essential thing is that two of you ought to agree.
According to the Secretary-General, the Global Support Centre will have evolved from a logistics base, focused primarily on transportation and distribution services, to the envisaged holistic and integrated operational centre for information and communications technology, logistics and supply chain management.
Japan Football Association
But what really matters is legitimacy and informed public opinion.
1. The Secretary-General of the United Nations is designated the depositary of this Convention.
The author knew the victim, who was a frequent visitor to the discotheque, and considered him to be a violent person.
Internal audit and oversight: UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS
Politicians are starting to look serious about reform.
2.3 A clear evidence base generated from high-quality evaluations of strategic plan implementation for learning, decision-making and accountability
In its resolution 2002/21, the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights invited Ms. Françoise Hampson to prepare a working paper containing commentaries on the most important provisions of the draft United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples for presentation at the twenty-first session of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations.
When you ? ? re an optimist, you ? ? re more concerned with problem - solving than with useless carping about issues.
120.4 Continue extending its international commitments and consider ratification of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Latvia); take steps to ratify the core human rights conventions, in particular the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Sierra Leone); ratify all core international human rights treaties, most notably the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Germany); ratify or accede to the main instruments on human rights, in particular the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Madagascar); ratify the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Tunisia); ratify the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, as previously recommended (Denmark); accede to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Uruguay);
(b) A staff member whose appointment is terminated for reasons of health shall receive an indemnity equal to the indemnity provided under paragraph (a) of the present annex reduced by the amount of any disability benefit that the staff member may receive under the Regulations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund for the number of months to which the indemnity rate corresponds.
- Incitement to debauchery (arts. 172, 173 and 174, Vol. II);
Each computer would handle the applications unique to its department.
B. United Nations Communications Group
B. Second periodic reports 219
28. Resolve to integrate food and nutritional support, with the goal that all people at all times will have access to sufficient, safe and nutritious food to meet their dietary needs and food preferences, for an active and healthy life, as part of a comprehensive response to HIV/AIDS;
Such questions mentioned included: (i) which law applied to the priority between post-effective date rights; (ii) which law applied to the priority between pre-effective date rights; (iii) which law applied to the priority between post-effective date and pre-effective date rights.
 3. Since 22 February 1994, the Iraqi newspaper Babil, whose editorial board is headed by the elder son of the President of the Iraqi regime, has been using the name "Kazimah" instead of "Kuwait".
(b) Work cooperatively towards achieving the objectives of the Convention;
Good will, categorical imperative and will self - discipline construct the main contents of Kantian ethics.
The cricket team seemingly never leave the pitch, and verdant summer leaves are just beginning to turn to gold.
Identification of topics
Droit et finances publiques cambodgiennes (June 2000)
This will aid weather forecasters in the recognition and prediction of dangerous weather phenomena such as thunderstorms and fog.
It was to be hoped that in the interests of strengthening regional cooperation and security, such work would commence in due course.
He returned to L (  Liebya  ) late thursday after Scottish authorities released him on compatienate ( compassionate ) grounds.
Follow-ups on applications for registration in United Nations Global Marketplace with all vendors that participated in business seminars within one month; 20 staff trained in project management, contracting for fuel, food rations, sea charter, air charter and other specialized training courses
Office for Disarmament Affairs
We hummed and ha'd for ages before deciding to buy the house.
25. During the rebidding process, the Office of Internal Oversight Services was kept apprised of developments.
Room 10 Subject
SAM
Number of university students, 1996-1997
The report builds on earlier reviews carried out by external panels of experts and takes into consideration recommendations made to improve the security arrangements of the United Nations made by an independent panel following the attacks on United Nations headquarters in Baghdad in August and September 2003.
They should be carefully analyzed in order to define programmes to overcome them.
Icelandic dictionary order, case - insensitive, uppercase preference, for use with 1252 Character Set.
Excluding debt relief, the flow of ODA to sub-Saharan Africa was largely unchanged in 2006, suggesting that donors who pledged to double aid to Africa by 2010 will have to accelerate the pace in order to honour their commitments.
Consequently, should this proposal be approved, it is proposed to abolish the two national posts in the Global Service Centre dedicated to education grant functions.
Amid the brutal, ugly cacophony of war, Lilli Marlene always struck a sweet and tender note. She belongs to all nations.
of milk and dark chocolate was associated with improved impulse control and reaction time, according to the research.
Cuba considers the use of nuclear weapons to be an illegal, completely immoral act that cannot be justified under any circumstances or by any security doctrine.
Decision: The draft resolution (S/2006/921) received 15 votes in favour, none against and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1724 (2006).
We started physics in 10 th grade.
However, I wish to emphasize, once again, that flights within the sovereign airspace and flight information region of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus take place with the full knowledge and consent of the appropriate authorities of the State.
B. Content of resolutions
Interdependence and global economic issues from a trade and development perspective: regional cooperation for development
She travels the world giving speeches and attending fundraisers to increase awareness about this charismatic and highly endangered animal.
The following draft decision was proposed by the Chair for adoption by the Committee:
Carrie felt as if it were not going to be hard to talk to him.
Improved stewardship of resources under UNIFEM management+
:: Number of women, men, young people, adolescents, children, organized community groups, community organizations and private companies
Gene prediction
It requires the development of higher education in our country but also in line with our higher education reform and development of sports disciplines reality.
Theme/programme
Edmundo Garrido Osorio
Front of the hotel plus five - pointed star symbol of the Company special offers rooms, super value.
The god of mountains: You greedy liar! This is not your ax and you know that! What a disgusting liar!
UNHCR delivered care and maintenance assistance to these groups of refugees and returnees, collaborating extensively with WFP (for food assistance) and UNICEF (for programmes focusing on children and unaccompanied minors) in the process.
I should like to conclude by paying tribute to the personnel of UNAVEM, the personnel of United Nations programmes and bodies, and non-governmental organizations for the laudable job they have been doing in difficult conditions.
He tore down the road.
From re-emerged South Africa to more incipient financial centers like Ghana, Egypt and Kenya, investors are engaged in a 21st-century scramble for Africa.
Cartographer under general temporary assistance
The rule of law had become the abiding principle of governance in Nigeria, although, in view of its demographic and historical circumstances much remained to be done.
What is the supreme law of the land?
I look forward to working with everyone here.
Article 28.The date on which the Patent Administration Department Under the State Council receives the application shall be the date of filing.
Meeting of the Women's International Forum, with the Secretary-General of the United Nations on the topic "The past ten years and beyond" (sponsored by the Executive Office of the Secretary-General)
Love in a Fallen City
We welcome the affirmation by France, the next Chair of the G8, that Africa will remain a priority on the G8 agenda.
84. Since possible convergence need not necessarily affect all indicators in the same way, it should, in principle, be possible to identify an international core set of common, national-level indicators for sustainable forest management.
The outcome of the consultations is to be conveyed to WTO Members.
Yearbook of the United Nations
When Peter came to himself, he said, "Now I know for sure that the Lord has sent forth His angel and rescued me from the hand of Herod and from all that the Jewish people were expecting."
"We are introducing classes on happiness," said Anthony Seldon, master of Wellington College. "We have been focusing too much on academics and missing something far more important.
Sixty-fourth session
In many countries, the law gives regulatory bodies coercive or punitive powers.
Sexual lumbago, dampness is mainly caused by the wind cold invade waist pain, pain for local, expression is cold sore, YinYuTian heavier.
You can also view average percent reduction and the probability of a second reduction.
Click the data generation plan that you want to apply in the list, or click the ellipsis to browse for a plan.
It is proposed, under the various options developed, to have this proportion vary between 0 and 15 per cent.
S.C. Braga
We will diligently follow the accountability system for product quality and safety.
However, the Committee's role should not be limited to the adoption of a text, and the resolution should be used as a tool for achieving specific objectives.
 Operational activities would be subject of a third format of reporting, whereas conference and administrative services would be reported through relevant workload indicators.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of sub-item 54 (e).
(i) Paragraph (d) of Article 7
There's seven hundred thousand pound not a quarter of a mile from here.
Delegations are kindly reminded that statements in the interactive panels should not exceed three minutes when speaking in their national capacity, and five minutes when speaking on behalf of a group.
Some countries qualify the degree of punishment for the same offence and, in determining the degree of punishment to be imposed, take into account various factors, such as the circumstances under which the offence was committed and the consequences of the offence.
The structure of the budget is organized on the basis of 19 management functions, sixteen of which are harmonized with UNICEF and UNFPA. These include:
He gave the old lady his arm (ie allowed the old lady to lean on his arm) as they crossed the road.
Given vulnerability patterns, droughts and floods will increase the risk of short-term, temporary migration.
Much of the professor's impression of you will be based on your level of class participation.
(a) Carrying out the responsibilities prescribed in article VI (Monitoring of programme implementation) and article VII (Evaluation) of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation (ST/SGB/2000/8);
NULL constants cannot be inserted into a timestamp column through a distributed query.
The cytoskeleton is composed of microfilament, microtubule and intermediate filament, which have important biological functions.
The Court noted that on the basis of its determination of what constituted the relevant coasts, the ratio for the coastal lengths between Romania and Ukraine was approximately 1:2.8.
Most people dread death.
Objective: To assess the effect of concurrent chemotherapy plus radiotherapy for treatment advanced cervical cancer.
22 July 1999
Tens of thousands of Palestinians have been scattered in many parts of the world for many years.
E. Draft General Decision on Administrative, Financial and Programme Matters
4. Subsequently, by its resolution 1872 (2009), the Security Council authorized the member States of the African Union to maintain AMISOM until 31 January 2010 to carry out its existing mandate.
INTEGRATION OF THE HUMAN RIGHTS OF WOMEN AND THE GENDER PERSPECTIVE
(d) (i) Increased number of countries implementing sustainable forest management plans, including plans to reduce emissions from deforestation and degradation (REDD plans) with the assistance of UNEP
1. The [Compliance [. . .]] [ [Chairperson] [Bureau] of the Compliance [. . .]] [Chairpersons of branches] [screening panel] [screening panel set up by the COP/MOP, with [equitable geographical representation][equal representation of the five United Nations regional groups]] [the Secretariat] shall forward questions submitted under paragraphs ... to the relevant [branch] [panel] in accordance with the mandate of that branch.
We've known about your situation.
64. During the period under review, discussions between the representatives of the administering Power and the territorial Government continued.
The information submitted under Article 5, paragraph 7(inventory and information), by each Party that has its GHG emission intensity targets inscribed in Annex C shall be reviewed by expert review teams.
It was recommended that further measures should be taken to ensure the provision of such intercultural education in schools.
We weave that wicker into a cap , Wear it on the head, has played a warfare , Indescribably happy.
Possible future work on insolvency law
am i not correct ? - would you call me an aged man of war.
The Committee was also informed that estimates for 2002-2003 in paragraph 40 (c) (ii) are based on 2,000 workdays per team of four persons, whereas in the workload indicators in annex IV to document A/56/495/Add.1, the figure refers to 7,952 days per person.
Hot water bath be repeated every 20 minutes on the floor to rest, drink water added.
The overwhelming desire of society today is to assume that equal powers of reason are a universal heritage of humanity.
4.1 On 8 July 2010, the State party submitted, inter alia, that it "[...] does not find legal grounds for further consideration of these communications".
The Regional Director assured the speaker that women's issues were of primary concern to UNICEF, especially in view of the nutrition survey which indicated that one third of women were anaemic.
Here, US firms such as The Blackstone Group and Kleiner Perkins dominate the scene.
I'd like to meet your daughter someday.
The adoption of that decision led to the opening of pilot schools to which disabled children were brought for their education.
Accounts receivable, para. 44
"It all started when I was feeling down after a rough day of school
respiratory: what's the reason for his resp. failure? what's the ventilator setting.
24. Mr. Baghaei Hamaneh (Islamic Republic of Iran) noted that the articles on State responsibility had taken 46 years to complete and reflected a wealth of intellect and deliberate consideration.
The Ministry was working to get more accurate figures on the number of such assaults, and to generate more public discussion of the issue of violence against women.
It has been stated by this mandate that "the multiplicity of forms of violence against women as well as the fact that this violence frequently occurs at the intersection of different types of discrimination makes the adoption of multifaceted strategies to effectively prevent and combat this violence a necessity."
Water and Environment Protection Section
Breaking through, bad. running away, good.
Xue cheng , the late Qing government renowned early reform thought representative personage and outstanding diplomat.
The Committee will also continue to introduce innovations and improvements in the methods of work of its subsidiary machinery, including increased interface between the main committees.
The report underlined the significance of the cost-effectiveness of early childhood interventions, as they yield more positive long-term outcomes for individuals and society than later interventions.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
19. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) is now working with UN-Habitat to establish a Habitat Agenda focal point within selected UNDP country offices.
Let us leave 51 pending so that we can consider it jointly with 52.
20. The Secretariat uses the following working definitions of accountability, which represent its responsibility to Member States for implementing mandates and delivering results, as well as individual staff members' accountability for accomplishing the goals established in their workplans while complying with all rules and regulations and acting ethically:
It held a further 3 ad hoc meetings to consolidate the United Nations country team universal periodic review report in March and April 2009
Tony always likes birthday parties.
Ahead of his arrival, Mr. Biden and other U. S. officials sought to reassure China that Washington can right its fiscal ship.
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Rules that apply to transboundary movement of end-of-life mobile phones to be sent for refurbishing, recycling and recovery;
B. Tooth sensitivity
That's gonna swell up like a bitch.
EC
We specialize in the production and wholesale of all kinds of high-grade melamine tableware and imitation porcelain Japanese and Korean series.
Michael Davison, CPA Australia's superannuation policy adviser, stresses the need to check your super.
In 2014 the ISU will continue to pursue the goals set out in its mandate, as well as any additional tasks mandated to it by the High Contracting Parties.
My country has followed the role played by the Security Council in the strengthening of stability and security and in resolving conflicts throughout the world.
this is my store.this is my life.
This has increased maize yields significantly.
(h) The cooperation extended by the Government of the Sudan and the Sudan People's Liberation Army/Movement to United Nations humanitarian agencies, including within the context of Operation Lifeline Sudan, to mitigate the effects of war on civilians, and their commitment to permit days and zones of tranquillity, and emphasizes the need to strengthen further the access for and the support to United Nations humanitarian agencies;
A hungry lion sat watching a fat bull feeding in a field.
The swaps trade directly between institutions, not on exchanges, and many investors believe their prices can be easily manipulated.
III. Promotion and protection of human rights 48 - 72 9
Another photo is modified with the wavelet transformation, which shows the better effects on reducing noises.
United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
Article 94 The provisions in Article 47 and Article 49 of this Code shall apply to the shipowner under voyage charter party
"You'll hurt your eyes," he said when he saw her.
Each category fell more than 6%.
Immediate Office of the Director of Mission Support
In this regard, it is worth noting that when adopting the amended New Delhi work programme, the COP requested the GEF to provide, as appropriate, financial resources to support the implementation of the amended New Delhi work programme and to regularly report to the COP on the activities it had supported.
Players and coaches should be told that they cannot question refs or linos on the pitch or off it.
These initiatives and measures, together with international support to reduce vulnerability to price shocks, including linking debt payments to commodity prices and improving the quality and quantity of development aid, should be given particular attention.
(b) Extension of the fixed-exchange-rate mechanism for 2015 - 2017
Okay can you get me a secure channel, so the calls on my cell phone can't be monitored?
36. The Government has also focused on its emigration and immigration policies, to ensure that they are not implemented in a discriminatory manner.
It was also suggested that the review of implementation of recommendations from performance reviews should be conducted at the international level on a regular basis.
The closed nature of Japanese society and the dearth of ideas are partly attributable to the linguistic barrier.
In addition to the main task of fostering Saami culture, it has been assigned other specific functions, inter alia, to decide on the distribution of funds allocated by the Government to promote Saami culture and to support Saami organizations.
 At the same time, the United Nations Secretariat has been able to secure the financial and/or technical cooperation of UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and the World Bank in compiling the report, which is expected to be finalized in the second quarter of 1994.
Thus, strategic thinking and research may proceed from 'what is' explanations to 'what ought to be' advises in a scientific manner.
428. Gender parity was and is a constituent part of the official inclusive strategy for stable development of Albanian society, in particular of aspirations of Albania to become in a mid term future, an integral part of European Union.
6. Notes with appreciation the efforts being made by the Office of Internal Oversight Services to improve the conduct of its investigations by applying international best practices and ensuring respect for the due process rights of all United Nations staff;
" A debatable point, but the man does speak French rather well; it's a skill he'll want to keep under wraps for the next eight months.
The Group of Arab States had offered to assist in conducting an examination designed specifically to recruit Arabic-language translators and interpreters to fill posts in Nairobi, and she would be grateful for an update on that situation.
It's the year of the shooter, and Half - Life and Unreal are introduced.
 Stolac, Tasovcici, Capljina, Ljubuski, Visici, Celjevo, the Mostar quarters of Balinovac and Djikovina, as well as the quarters near the Mostar Cathedral and the building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs have been ethnically cleansed of the Muslim population.
Other legislation/regulations related to safety and security of biological materials
progressive [prK'gresiv] a. 1.advancing; mounting; liberal The grandest of all laws is the law of development
Such election shall be made within 180 days of the date of marriage or of the entry into force of this provision, if later, and shall become effective one year after the date of marriage, or one year after the date of entry into force of this provision, as appropriate.
... class='class1'>Though still young, she was a very confident girl. She was no respecter of persons and never thought before she spoke.
2. Also welcomes the cooperation of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with the thematic special procedures of the Council and its invitation to a number of them, including the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, the Representative of the Secretary-General on the human rights of internally displaced persons, the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, the Special Rapporteur on the right to health, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights defenders, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for children and armed conflict, to make recommendations, within their respective mandates, on how best to assist technically the Democratic Republic of the Congo in addressing the situation of human rights, with a view to obtaining tangible improvements on the ground, taking also into account the needs formulated by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo;
(b) Rotation among the various sectors relevant to the Strategic Approach;
The export of sensitive items and related equipment and technologies that relate to foreign policy is subject to examination by the above-mentioned competent departments, in coordination with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
24. The United Nations remains committed to assisting the Syrian people in building a Syrian-led alternative to the use of force and in determining a path, backed by united international support, to come to the negotiating table and move towards a democratic, plural political system, with equal rights for all.
Article 25- 442-443 59
However, they stated that the issue was very sensitive and had been settled between the parties since the unification in 1990.
It doesn't matter tomorrow if they come in first or fiftieth
The gathering was supervised by Syrian security forces and the Syrian authorities.
1993 in the United States
Brian, um, scheduling-wise, I think you know that i-- Yeah, I know, andrea. it's your night with him.
The Group deals with such offences as kidnapping, threats made to prominent persons, and arms trafficking.
2nd PLENARY MEETING
Whether the football game will be played depends on the weather
To assist urban families that take their meals away from home, the government has established popular restaurants, kitchens, and food banks.
What's different about this book is that it turns all we think we know about the interplay between the Group of Two on its head.
Resources can be anything from images to orders to people.
If you say that someone is ~, you mean that he is fashionable, attractive, and trendy.
UNICEF and its partners have facilitated the reopening of public schools and expanded rural schools for displaced children, allowing 74,000 children in the conflict-affected northern prefectures to return to school.
And the result shows that the latter one is more preferred by teachers.
People were falling over themselves to be introduced to the visiting film star.
During the spring of 1943, the British missions were strengthened.
Essentially, people are able to download messaging units and trade or transfer them as part of what has become a lucrative barter system.
I have no doubt that the principles concealed in the language of "mandate review", "system-wide coherence" and "revitalization" are important, and doubly so to the professional diplomats who look inward rather than outward and who lose sight of the forest for the trees in their endless quest to choreograph the dancing of ever more angels on the head of a pin.
We can use language, for instance, and sometimes my use of language can be reflexive.
Neither concession materialised, which may explain Mr Zelaya's slightly glum appearance during the signing ceremony in Colombia.
23 April 1998
The mere fact of detention, in any circumstance -- in this case for allegedly belonging to the terrorist group Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (ETA) -- followed by imprisonment, causes or can cause a person to become unbalanced and develop "a psychological personality disorder."
Xi'an Conservatory of Music
Recent statements by former United States officials have raised the possibility that the point may be approaching at which it is no longer possible to justify lethal extraterritorial counter-terrorism operations in terms of non-international armed conflict.
107. Ms. Begum asked whether the Government had any strategy for achieving the Beijing target of 30 per cent of decision-making positions filled by women, whether it had taken measures to appoint women to high-level positions and whether women occupied posts in rural areas.
The international community now has a good opportunity to promote the international nuclear disarmament process and should make joint efforts to take the following practical measures.
The strategic direction of the subprogramme derives mainly from the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 55/2, and the 2005 World Summit Outcome adopted by the Assembly in its resolution 60/1, in particular as they relate to the monitoring of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals.
More than 200 villagers leave the field but remain in the rural area this year, engaging in sideline occupation.
calls and returns of unpaid bills sometimes followed by protest;
The invoices required that payment would be made through an irrevocable letter of credit ("L/C") and delivery of goods was to be made after the L/C had been opened.
" "Article 211 If in the course of execution the two parties become reconciled and reach a settlement agreement on their own initiative, the execution officer shall make a record of the contents of the agreement, and both parties shall affix their signatures or seals to the record.
Human's integrated development refers to human's requirement, capacity of activity, social relationship and freedom of individuality.
(d) The scope of national legislation in relation to transboundary movement and dumping of toxic and dangerous products and wastes;
As of the date of the communication in December 2004, however, these lawyers had not been allowed to contact their client, either by visiting him in his place of detention, or by phone, or by exchange of correspondence.
she started running much too fast at the beginning and blew her chances of winning the race
2. As I assumed my responsibilities only slightly more than two months ago, the present report focuses on two areas aimed at turning UN-Women into an entity capable of fully responding to the expectations set out by Member States in resolution 64/289.
Norway
(g) Steps by all the nuclear-weapon States leading to nuclear disarmament in a way that promotes international stability, and based on the principle of undiminished security for all:
In China, growth was particularly robust in the first half of the year.
Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.
I have already provided the same information on this issue to the Secretary-General.
Projected changes
Ask the question, where is the strategic or competitive advantage?
(f) To conduct seminars, as appropriate, for the purpose of receiving and disseminating information on the work of the Special Committee, and to facilitate participation by the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories in those seminars;
Angola played a determining role in the adoption of resolutions 1127 (1997) and 1173 (1998).
Such a monitoring mechanism is particularly critical in regions where organizations have limited or no access.
Legislation and procedures existing in Poland for denying safe haven to terrorists activities in nuclear field
6. Accepts with gratitude the offer of the Government of [...] to act as host to the Twelfth Congress, and requests the Secretary-General to initiate consultations with the Government and to report on them to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its seventeenth session;
2.1 The authors are retired employees of the Social Insurance Board in Salzburg (Salzburger Gebietskrankenkasse).
The Committee also recommends that the State party introduce programmes to take children who are forced to beg, including talibés, off the streets and ensure they receive the necessary psychosocial rehabilitation services.
She claims that her return to the Islamic Republic of Iran would constitute a violation by Canada of articles 3 and 16 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment.
25. Governments should take steps to develop national strategies to exercise effective control over precursor chemicals.
Overtime payment shall be computed in accordance with the Labor Standards Law of R . O . C.
Upon being returned to his cell, he began ripping up his blanket to cover the camera.
In accordance with article 8 of the Convention, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination consists of 18 experts.
Taking note of the report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, regretting that he still has not been allowed to visit the country and that he has received no cooperation from the authorities of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, and taking note also of the comprehensive report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea submitted in accordance with resolution 68/183,
OIOS is of the view that UN-Habitat has not adequately defined its corporate role in raising domestic capital for the Facility.
Mr. Chandra (Sri Lanka): My delegation appreciates the President's initiative in convening this debate.
Of course, it really isnt as simple as it sounds.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
Project management
SINGLE
As part of the strategic plan for 2006-2007, ECA has also put in place an improved mechanism for prioritizing technical cooperation activities.
The Committee calls upon the State party to enact measures to implement the law without delay, taking full account of the principle of non-discrimination.
Women earned 23 per cent less than men on average and the discrepancy was even greater among university graduates and managers.
Smoke is curling upward from kitchen chimneys.
The quality and conscientious is just the right way of the pharmaceutical company.
Similarly, the offer of the Government of Indonesia to host the third session of the Preparatory Committee required a reimbursement by that Government of the actual additional costs incurred as a result of the change in venue of the third session of the Preparatory Committee from Nairobi to a location in Indonesia.
It is here that we can fight terrorism and organized crime, because everything is listened to and everything is discussed in this forum.
While a higher rate would limit trading to a greater extent, this might be at the expense of revenue.
The Law on Culture, adopted on 27 May 1999 elaborates on the constitutional principles governing cultural activities, the main objectives being the following:
6.2.2.7.3 In (m), add the following sentence at the end: "This mark is not required for closed cryogenic receptacles;".
2010) of the previously unreported staff members administered by UNDP, numbering
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
The combination wave generator (CWG), controlled bya single chip microcomputer, data and waveform stored and controlled by industrial personal computer, has been developed.
101. This report has argued that this is caused by a narrow interpretation and application of human rights law.
In conjunction with the agencies, funds and programmes, other instruments, such as the surveys of programme countries and United Nations country teams, will also assist in examining how these areas are prioritized in key operational instruments and processes at the country level, including work plans, result groups and budget allocation.
In particular, the scale of the sampling programme is larger than necessary to achieve the stated objectives and should be reduced.
8. Accordingly, MINURSO plans to continue its observation and monitoring activities to ensure the compliance of the parties with the ceasefire agreement; provide continued support to the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General in the performance of his functions, including assistance with organization of meetings with the parties, political analysis and advice, and logistical support during his visits to the region; facilitate the work of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in implementing and seeking to expand the programme of confidence-building measures; provide logistical support to the African Union representatives in Laayoune; and conduct surveys and maintain the volume of clearance of hazardous areas contaminated by mines and other explosive remnants of war on the east side of the berm in cooperation with a non-governmental organization.
I've emailed, talked on cell, sure.
These are quite effective in reducing the prion levels of cultured nerve cells.
The President: I should like to bring to the attention of representatives a technical error in document A/58/297.
Article 61. Security measures.
252. Musical and film productions readily exploit women's physical attractiveness, and the market is flooded with pornographic films.
In its report, A Situation Analysis of Children, Youth and Women in Bhutan in 2012, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) stated that the Child Care and Protection Act, 2011, provided recourse against child violence, abuse and exploitation, and enshrined the best interests of the child.
On a trade-weighted basis, it has gained a mere 0.5 per cent, according to JP Morgan.
I think now we can draw the conclusion that we concern the Olympic games mostly for entertainment.Have you found out that the linkage between the Olympic Games and the green environment is that we almost do nothing really helpful to either of them!
African Union AUC Commission of the African Union
No spark had yet kindled in him an intellectual passion.
FINANCIAL REGULATIONS OF UNIDO (continued) (GC.7/6/Add.1; GC.7/CRP.7)
Division of Administration
All xylanases were stable under acidy conditions.
A well-stocked and inquiring mind plus sharp penmanship are the main assets, they reckon.
In addition to its leading role in the reconstruction effort, the European Union is a major source of humanitarian assistance to the people affected by the Afghan crisis, both in Afghanistan and in neighbouring Pakistan and Iran.
Once such assets are parked in opaque companies, they are often beyond the reach of tax authorities and investigators.
Common Core document forming part of the reports of States parties
9. Reiterates the request to the Special Rapporteur to contribute effectively to the mediumterm review of the implementation of the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, to be held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, by submitting to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights his recommendations on all aspects of the right to food, and to attend this event in order to contribute fully to the proceedings in the light of his mandate;
I'm afraid that R2's sensors can find no trace of Princess Leia.
War risk insurance (SAR 2,908,662); and
4. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its seventieth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
Secondly, such infrastructure investments facilitate trade expansion.
10 a.m.- 11 a.m.
5. The Working Group regrets that out of the 69 countries with unclarified cases, the Governments of 34 countries have not communicated at all with the Group during the period under review.
"Dost thou know, child, wherefore thy mother wears this letter?
But I-I think I can handle it.
Concerned by the recurrent drought, which still affects millions owing to the serious crop failures in drought-prone parts of the country and the pastoralist areas that have weak infrastructures and low development capacities,
2. Implementation of and follow-up to the Monterrey Consensus of the International Conference on Financing for Development:
The services offered to the public are free: on-site lending, take-out lending, reference and guidance, while some libraries have recently acquired Internet access.
Scientists have long speculated cigarette smoke may accelerate hair loss and premature graying
It is expected that some 800 Greek Cypriots will visit the Monastery on 30 November 1999.
Running should be fun, not torture.
Even with such a long, arduous and costly effort, consensus on many issues in the 1993 SNA could only be achieved by compromise.
Building momentum early in the day can usually carry you forward far later.
The situation in the Great Lakes region
1667 deaths
Globalization provides us with both opportunities for economic development and, at the same time, challenges which include, inter alia, the marginalization of developing countries.
Martin laughed and held him to his work.On Tuesday night the new laundrymen arrived, and the rest of the week was spent breaking them into the routine.
13. Many of the policies geared to improving access to cleaner cooking and heating fuels are of particular benefit to women, who, along with children, are most likely to suffer from the health consequences of indoor air pollution and to spend time gathering fuel.
In conclusion, he said that according to the projections made by PCBS, the Palestinian population would double to nearly 4.7 million between 1995 and 2012, a period of only 17 years. Round table III
Pursuant to paragraph 13 of Security Council resolution 1803 (2008), I have the honour to inform you, in your capacity as Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1737 (2006), about the incorporation into Brazilian law of resolution 1803 (2008).
It is friendly as long as they help to reinforce its software franchise, but shuts them out when they start to be a threat.
The delegation that represented the Committee at the seminar took up the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, during a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Jordan.
With regard to unencumbered balances of appropriations, the Group was grateful to the Member States that had indicated their intentions concerning the utilization of the amounts due to them and urged all Members to do so prior to the deadline of 30 June 2006.
By that resolution, the Council extended the Mechanism's mandate for a two-month period and requested it to carry out ample consultations in Angola with representatives of the Government and UNITA with a view to contributing to a full review by the Council of the sanctions imposed on UNITA.
He had read the report, however, and had a number of questions.
No, the problems run deeper.
It was noted that UNCTAD had operationalized a programme on good governance and other activities adopted at the Third UN Conference on LDCs.
47. Ms. Rishmawi briefed participants on developments in this regard since the fifth meeting.
These services include common services, such as transport and logistics, media and information, telecommunications and information technology resources, resource mobilization, security, premises, storage, mapping, banking and procurement.
Even more important, don't compare your compensation to that of your co-workers, says Ms. Weizmann.
Programmes in United Nations Administration provided staff with knowledge and skills in budget, finance and procurement to promote more consistent standards across the organization and support staff in managing resources in a more decentralized environment with increased delegation of responsibility (some 1,000 participants).
General Assembly Hall
Rule 111.1 on the establishment of joint appeals boards and rule 111.2 on appeals shall apply to staff members appointed under these Rules.
B. Coherence at the regional level
Isabel felt a certain need of being very direct, of pretending to nothing.
37. The multinational Force, INTERFET, handed over responsibility for security in East Timor to UNTAET during February 2000.
They also know that it is difficult.
Contents
The International Council on Social Welfare, a global non-governmental organization devoted to promoting social justice, social welfare and social development, welcomes the decision of the Commission for Social Development to make issues pertinent to the empowerment of people the focus of the deliberations at its 51st session.
Among other things, the draft resolution notes that conflict prevention and the consolidation of peace would benefit from the coordinated, sustained and integrated efforts of the United Nations system, Member States, regional and subregional organizations and international and regional financial institutions.
The aisle that divides the front and rear seating sections of the House of Commons.
It is a certainty that some, perhaps much, of the spending being initiated as stimulus will be just as wasteful.
Additional information showed that third parties had been victims of the activities of the person in question.
Another Committee member suggested considering the issue of the use of information for purposes other than taxation, and this was added to the list of issues for consideration by the new membership.
- Manual on Technical Aspects of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea;
THURSDAY, 11 NOVEMBER 1999
Responses to letters of allegations and urgent appeals
The project on innovation in nursery and primary education was charged with structurally tackling the problem of children missing school.
This will be undertaken through the African Young Scientists Initiative on Climate Change, which will have its secretariat hosted at North-West University, South Africa.
The relevant changes in Corr.1 are incorporated in the present revised document.
d) Implementation of the DPA
Palau, Republic ofc
United Nations
Chong Hwa Secondary School
[All Permanent missions and permanent observer missions are invited to attend.
FourFourTwo
(g) Primary prevention, through public health, education, social services and other approaches, of all forms of violence is of paramount importance;
The Saharans had not lost heart and had done the best they could under extreme conditions.
One - half bottle preparation: Unscrew cap and remove 2 tablespoons of liquid with a measuring spoon.
To have credibility the system should apply to everyone and it is weakened if exceptions are allowed.
We don't have time for sea stories.
Others reported being afraid to travel to the Gali market to sell the hazelnuts.
When you feel something so strongly.
This ensures coherence in the allocation of resources, goals and responsibilities across and among actors at the local, national, regional and international levels, thereby eliminating duplication and advancing targeted, coordinated and cost-effective responses that bring together the different components of human security.
Égat
Strategic planning is the process by which the guiding members of an organization envision its future and translate the broader vision into specific goals and objectives, incorporating analyses of the current and future environment, and developing short- and long-term action plans for achieving these goals.
15. The United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) provided an update on its "e-mine" web site (www.mineaction.org), which now includes new functions and more comprehensive information on stockpile destruction in various countries.
(5) The offence for which extradition is requested is a military offence;
It will join the Uruguayan battalion which is already there, to ensure a smooth transition from the Interim Emergency Multinational Force (IEMF) on 1 September 2003.
This is often compounded by the increasing use of technologies to determine foetal sex, resulting in abortion of female foetuses.
Early production of final version in MS Word format to support CAT.
The proposed abolishment of a Local level post, Librarian, would affect the following functions: implementation of acquisitions plan, management of licenses and subscriptions, provision of inputs to the United Nations System Electronic Information and Acquisition Consortium, management of exchange agreements and donations, collection of statistics of electronic resources, and will delay the digitization of the contents repository in the ECLAC Library.
16. Requests the Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to transmit the text of the present resolution to all Member States.
(b) Indigenous peoples suffer from unfair and unequal economic arrangements typically suffered by other colonized peoples;
3. In Geneva, the Commission held meetings with the President of the Human Rights Council, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Permanent Missions of Lebanon and Israel, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations (NGO).
Second, the insistence of UNCDF on linking development activities to mainstream government structures and institutions has contributed to better prospects for sustainability and ownership of the programmes at the local level.
The Communist Party of Argentina was formed in 1918.
11. Encourages member States, regional and subregional organizations and existing criteria and indicators processes to strengthen and facilitate regional and subregional cooperation, as appropriate, on monitoring, assessment and reporting, by sharing experience and know-how through such means as joint meetings and workshops, making publications available in other languages, electronic communication and the development of web sites;
We are going to reach Taiyuan.
Recalling also the provisions of the Convention on Biological Diversity,See United Nations Environment Programme, Convention on Biological Diversity (Environmental Law and Institution Programme Activity Centre), June 1992.
Only a few months ago, Monrovia was in flames.
(a) Transferring the existing mandates and assets of the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, the Division for the Advancement of Women, UNIFEM and INSTRAW into a composite entity, to be considered a subsidiary organ of the General Assembly;
The national committee overseeing the campaign set up a hotline to respond to basic questions about the campaign and direct women to the nearest mammography centre.
The Code further stipulates that, when the offence of torture is committed by private persons, the penalties prescribed for public officials shall be reduced by one third.
Guinea-Bissau is no exception.
After abandoning medical studies for La Rinascente, he went to work for Nino Cerruti, learned his tailoring skills and finally set up his own business at the relatively old age of 40.
(percentage change)
With regard to the response of the People's Republic of China to subparagraph 3 (g) of the Resolution (at page 16 of the first report) the CTC would be grateful for an outline of whether China (including the Hong Kong and the Macao Special Administrative Regions) recognises a claim of political motivation as ground for refusing a request for the extradition of alleged terrorists?
[For discussion -- E/ICEF/2008/12]
Store in plastic bog so it will not dry out. Keep fingers moist but not wet. Dip any objects used for stamping designs and tools into water.
Adequate measures should be taken to avoid the possibility of using rejectable material as finished components.
Observers (right of reply): Botswana, Republic of the Congo, Turkey
(h) To provide, within a holistic and integrated development approach, essential basic services and legal livelihood opportunities to the communities affected by, or in some cases vulnerable to, illicit crop cultivation;
To that end, many Governments have taken important measures to create and/or sustain a supportive and enabling environment for the development of cooperatives.
The world is witnessing the evolution of South - South trade and investment models in sectors and areas such as minerals, metals, fuels, manufacturing, services, trade logistics and facilitation.
That is why the delegation of Rwanda will vote in favour of the amendment and calls on other delegations to do the same.
The achievement of a universal system of comprehensive guarantees included a ban on any cooperation on nuclear technology with States not parties to the Treaty.
Malone
Alanis dropped her books on the desk.
She's wearing a short silk dress. It's elegant, isn't it
In considering the sub-item, the Working Group had before it a note by the Secretariat on the review or adjustment of the list of wastes contained in Annexes VIII and IX of the Basel Convention (UNEP/CHW/OEWG/6/9).
measures taken or planned 32. Nine priority cooperation areas have been identified and measures have been taken or planned for each:
With the unique and rich cultural heritage of its member states, the SCO can surely serve as a model in promoting dialogue among civilisations and building a harmonious world.
3. Increase in forced repatriation from the Dominican Republic
Did you really do what Claire said?
It made recommendations.
To enrich the entropy methods for the linear program problem, the interval adjustable entropy method for the linear program problem is proposed.
1. At its fifty-sixth session, the Commission on Human Rights adopted resolution 2000/41, entitled "The right to restitution, compensation and rehabilitation for victims of grave violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms".
5. As it has been indicated in previous Meetings of the States Parties, Standing Committee meetings and Article 7 reports, a great majority of anti-personnel mines in Turkey are found along the borderlines.
UNWTO Sbest Initiative.
The Permanent Mission of Spain to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) concerning Afghanistan and, in reply to his note of 19 January 2001, has the honour to inform him of the following:
Sample Cases on Annual Cost of Quarterly Cleaning and Sterilization of Water Tanks, Annual Checking of the Plumbing System and Annual Submission of Inspection and Testing Reports
No man can do two things at once.
(e) Direct payments to agricultural lands are granted under the Act of 18 December 2003 on Direct Payments to Agricultural Land.
In the second case, an opposition group had been ready to join the political process, only to find out that there was no consensus in the United Nations sanctions committee to lift the measures against it.
Supporting the National Committees in Europe, as well as in North and South America and Asia, requires a GCO presence both in Geneva and New York.
His brassy, theatrical, and unpredictable negotiating style, together with his China-like disregard for international norms, are destabilizing international relations.
The Government prepared a policy on media that included support for the creation of a media council, funding for community radio stations, commitment to freedom of expression and media, and support for the national broadcaster.
Films set in the Middle East
Since its incorporation in 1968, the Panamerican-Panafrican Association, Inc. (the Pa/Pa) and its Chairman, Dr. Robert Starling Pritchard (history's first professionally viable American virtuoso concert pianist and recording artist of African-American descent), have been active in several major United Nations cultural, educational and economic exchange programmes which the Foundation sponsored and supported.
In an earlier study by the same group, 81% of the firms surveyed indicated that the Internet would be an intrinsic part of their business’ future.
Bhutan became the 183rd member of Interpol (International Police), on September 19 2005.
The book is printing
Don't make that one.
Mr. Trezza (Italy): I refer to the invitation made by the representative of Japan to make additional comments on the question that was discussed yesterday regarding the draft resolution they presented on small arms and light weapons.
Responding to such concerns, the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs initiated a draft bill in 1999 aimed at radically reforming the existing law.
UNDP's budgetary processes have been continuously adapted to the level of core resources actually available to the organization.
In this regard, we consider that the Conference on Disarmament has a primary role to play.
Lymanske, Reni Raion
84B Buyer must account to seller for benefits from goods (art. 84(2))
Now they think they may have an approach that lasts.
(ICCD/COP(10)/CST/5)
Developing countries
Chapter 9
In the view of the Committee, corporal punishment is invariably degrading.
123. In paragraph 251, UNDP agreed with the Board's reiterated recommendation that it put in place individual and consolidated procurements plans at all country offices and at headquarters.
You are certainly.blessed with a glib tongue.
The Lebanese Armed Forces and the Internal Security Forces have played a crucial role in implementing this commitment, under difficult security circumstances.
It gives only limited technology upgrades. It does not provide service level agreements and does not guarantee problem resolution for third-party softwares that are no longer maintained by the vendor.
Attended the Law Faculty, University of Geneva
International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
(a) Commonwealth Trade Union Council (CTUC);
Round table 4: Forests and green economies.
The Sixth WTO Ministerial Conference will be held in Hong Kong, China.
Black Belt
One country had since 1995 negotiated over 30 police-to-police cooperation agreements.
It is unclear how May’s government thinks the UK can do better on its own.
The article also requires disposal in such a way that the POP content is destroyed or irreversibly transformed, or otherwise disposed of in an environmentally sound manner.
How should I make my case for a promotion?
Special, 1998
Clay Lowery, the Treasury department's assistant secretary for international affairs, said the government had included provisions calling for 鈥渃ivil action鈥?in mitigation agreements before the Dubai controversy, but acknowledged that Cfius was agreeing to more mitigation agreements than it has in the past.
75. The Administration informed the Board that property losses of $5.2 million (2002/03: $6.7 million) were written off during 2003/04 in accordance with financial rule 106.9.
However, Nigeria was a multi-religious and multicultural country and, although the different religious and ethnic groups had lived side by side peacefully for many years with a high level of tolerance, tensions could arise as a result of economic and political problems.
Others he the same love in such excess, that, and content with admiring, they seek to embody it in new forms.
Against this background, the Federal Ministry of Defense has decided, primarily, to employ only those cluster munitions, which include a limitation of the operational time and which have a maximum dud rate of less than one percent.
Available at www.educación.gob.ec.
This underscores the importance of capacity-building efforts.
a small battery of local Alliance federals substationed here.
349. The Committee acknowledges the State party's complex federal, provincial and territorial political and legal structures. However, it underlines the federal Government's principal responsibility in implementing the Convention.
These considerations do not apply to the Guide to Practice, the aim of which is precisely to provide States with coherent answers to all questions they may have in the area of reservations.
Specifically, Clinton calls for increases to the estate tax and the personal tax rate for the highest earners – which also affects small businesses – and caps on itemized deductions.
(f) In each country there has to be a global vision and a strategy for social protection and social safety net programmes so that initiatives may be taken to address the excluded segments of the population in a comprehensive manner.
1990(P)-2001
2.2.2. TOCs and TSBs
Summary : Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) the number of member countries.
The number includes unemployed persons (11,280) who were included in the CVG programmes.
XII. OTHER STATES, INTERGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS, ENTITIES AND NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
You encourage the naughty little suspicion.
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: annual sessions of the Executive Body for the Convention (14); Steering Body of the Cooperative Programme for Monitoring and Evaluation of the Long-range Transmission of Air Pollutants in Europe (12); Working Group on Effects (12); Working Group on Strategies and Review (20);
Hence it would not be reasonable to stipulate that all such submissions were inadmissible.
Entry into the international organization will mean some visible benefits to common Chinese consumers.
(b) The issuance, exclusive control, or transfer of an electronic transport record has the same effect as the issuance, possession, or transfer of a transport document.
Since the beginning of 2001, one of the actions Mauritius has taken to strengthen the body of international humanitarian law, with respect to its dissemination and full implementation at the national level was the establishment on 10 October 2001 of a National Humanitarian Law Committee.
If the company bonds have not been issued, the issue shall be terminated; if the company bonds have been issued, the issuing company shall return the proceeds paid by the subscribers together with the interest thereon as if they have been deposited in a bank for a like period.
Structural Engr/C1-2
Within the overall focus on victims suggested above, it may also make sense to focus on groups that are vulnerable to both crime victimization and treatment by the criminal justice system as offenders.
The team met with experts working in the enterprise and inquired about changes made since 1998.
Special-purpose funds
Are the boards place in trays can separate boards one by one but not stack?
10. According to the latest available trade statistics, total Cuban merchandise exports decreased between 2000 and 2001 (table 1). This decline affected exports of industrial goods.
8. Promotion and protection of the rights of children [60 (a)]
We intend to earn your trust and confidence.
M. Mathias Pofagi
Palestine acknowledged efforts to strengthen the dialogue between civilizations.
The accelerated pace of globalization in the same period facilitated both legal and illegal cross-border transfers of these weapons, while a sudden upsurge in intra-State conflicts created a staggering demand for them.
ICCD/COP(7)/CST/5 Traditional knowledge
Table 22.11 Summary of requirements by object of expenditure
Planning and Development BranchThe new purpose-built Marine Outer Waters District Headquarters and Marine North Division Operational Base at Ma Liu Shui were completed in April and became fully operational in August.
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China
The base of the tower is restrained against rotation.
Philippines
2 See http://www.unu.edu/ for full details of the activities of UNU.
Estimate 2006-2007: 40 Member States
Apparently sensitive to criticism, the bull forgot all about the matador and charged at the drunk.
The qualitative and quantitative data will allow approaching the phenomenon in depth, in order to improve the services of preventing and combating domestic violence.
The same nominal pressure PN of the same value of the mark DN!
69. The Ombudsman for Persons with Disabilities emphasises that in relation to previous years, faster resolution of judicial cases is visible, but she emphasises the problem of slow resolution of administrative disputes, the cause of which she sees in a large number of administrative claims and expects that the application of the new Law on Administrative Disputes (from 1st January 2012) will contribute to their faster and more efficient resolution.
Kalchreuth
Two or more parameter values specified for a resource's properties are In conflict.
Free 2 Red Wine with any set meal purchase.
8. Right to health
- Offences referred to in the International Convention against the Taking of Hostages (1979);
311. In the same way, protection is provided for the right to education (article 14 et seq.) – note that this applies to education of all levels, including vocational and university courses; access to information and communication (articles 50 et seq.) to be provided with Braille reading, sign-language interpreters (LESCO), universal-access telephones and access to culture and sport, which also implies the obligation to use all possible technological means to enable everyone to enjoy such events (article 54 et seq.).
Statement by the Under-Secretary-General and High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
Til Death Did Them Part In 1996, Paris police set out to investigate a late night, high speed car crash, both drivers had been killed instantly.
Enhanced Donor Assistance Database, which enables aid tracking and facilitates programme planning/monitoring, resource mobilization and resource allocation;
At the same time the Advisory Committee believes that the format of peace-keeping budgets should be further improved and rationalized.
Agenda item 19 (d)
(b) Prevent such conduct;
In the United States, shoppers at Wal-Mart the nation's largest retailer have a wide selection of products mostly produced in China.
Workplace conflict entails hidden costs, for example in terms of poor morale, lower productivity, absenteeism and sick leave, and diversion of attention from the substantive work agenda.
21. Throughout the development of these systems, the Court will require a large degree of mobility.
In 2011, $135.8 million was spent from regular resources on least developed countries (in 2010 it was $138.6 million) and $186.6 million was spent on low-income economies (in 2010 it was $192.6 million). This represents 49.1 per cent and 67.4 per cent, respectively, of total regular resources country programme expenses of $276.8 million.
(v) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels
(g) Increasing the general awareness of legislation, good practices and possible solutions;
Ryota Morioka
All secondary schools, including all girls schools, are contacted annually by the local education officer for the purpose of giving a career guidance talk to students.
Furthermore, UNEP has planned for 1994-1995 to provide technical assistance to countries with economies in transition with a view to promoting wider adherence to and implementation of international environmental agreements by those countries.
/The Rich Young Man What is the most important thing in life to youTo many people it is having lots of money.
Firstly, the explosive noise signal is divided into many segments corresponding to engine's circulation that confirmed by analyzed pressure signal of oil inlet pipe.
Seligman's a basic tenet of the logic of correct description situation derived from Austin's theory of truth which is that every statement is about a situation.
International support for those efforts, including technical assistance and through United Nations operational activities for development, is indispensable.
The outcome of the twelfth meeting was discussed at the sixty-ninth session.
Sydney Opera House
16. Activities relating to the Working Group on Pronunciation.
Recently, they personally trekked to a remote clinic in Mozambique to announce the largest grant in history for malaria research, using the occasion to highlight malaria's toll of more than 1 million children dead each year, mostly in Africa.
Each candidate shall be heard individually and shall be invited to make a presentation to the Governing Body.
Let me take this one.
She is a former member of the Mohajir Quami Movement (MQM) in Karachi, Pakistan, where she took part in its women related activities.
Represents a variable within a symbol store.
So they hired for themselves 32, 000 chariots, and the king of Maacah and his people, who came and camped before Medeba.
Summary statement by the Secretary-General on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration
Future country programme expenditures from regular resources are based on planning levels established on the basis of the modified system for allocation of regular resources for programmes approved by the Executive Board in 1997 (E/ICEF/1997/12/Rev.1, decision 1997/18).
We have to constantly strive to keep the "big picture" on the media's agenda, reminding the world that there are other critical areas that need equal, if not more, attention.
In the new stage of the 21st century, China's national defense and army building shall be guided by Deng Xiaoping Theory and the important thought of the "Three Represents," in an all-round way implement Jiang Zemin's thought on national defense and army building, maintain the fundamental principle and system of absolute Party leadership over the armed forces, and take the military strategy of the new era as an overarching guideline to actively push for the national defense and military modernization.
Latvia is a member of several regional organizations. Latvia joined OSCE in 1991, Council of Europe in 1995, and the European Union and NATO in 2004.
Well , the product of this sort of thing is called inflation.
Argentina
4. (max 50 words)
Reducing emissions from deforestation in developing countries
46. Decides to submit this report to the first session of the Preparatory Committee of the World Conference, bearing in mind that some of the provisions which it contains might be amended or supplemented;
The rule of law at the international level requires that international matters be addressed jointly by countries in the world through negotiations on an equal footing in accordance with democratic principles.
19. The Secretary-General thanked the various contributors to the voluntary trust fund including Spain, which had recently contributed US$ 20,018, and urged other members to consider making contributions.
The refusal of the Prosecutor's Office and of the Supreme Court to review the unlawful decisions adopted by national courts confirms that such applications are unreasonably prolonged, therefore his communication is admissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
Recognizing the importance of an inclusive, stepbystep, practical and buildingblock approach towards enhancing regional cooperation for the promotion and protection of human rights in accordance with the pace and priorities to be set by the Governments of the Asian and Pacific region by consensus,
They also take into consideration the points of agreement of the Sixth Committee, as set out in appendix I to the letter from the Vice-Chairman of the Sixth Committee (A/C.5/61/21), General Assembly resolution 61/261, the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/61/815) and the report of the Staff-Management Coordination Committee at its twenty-eighth session, as approved by the Secretary-General.
(b) Letter dated 10 September 2013 from the representatives of Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Denmark, Finland, Guatemala, Mexico, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Norway and Peru to the Secretary-General (A/67/994).
Land-use, land-use change and forestry(3 p.m)
However, any sanctions against individuals or companies should be applied as a result of a judicial process.
FA-Class Disaster management articles
Does computer radiate have how old harm after all to the skin?
158. There is a continuous process towards the removal of structural barriers in curriculum and text books at the primary and secondary levels.
exclaimed the shirt-collar, what a first-rate dancer you would make; you can stretch out your leg so well.
The hilarious comedian had us in stitches with her jokes.
Only gradually are a growing number of emergency management professionals becoming aware that disasters are often unsolved development problems.
His intemperate ambition will bring him disastrous failure.
27. With regard to the topic of protection of persons in the event of disasters, the Special Rapporteur had not only done much valuable research on existing legal instruments and case law, but had wisely contacted representatives of international governmental and non-governmental organizations involved in dealing with disasters, so that his reports and draft articles reflected current practice and responded to social needs.
Processed fiberglass products have broad prospects due to their cost efficiency.
She was his comrade, friend, unconscious sweetheart no longer.
five foot tall in her bare feet.
However, this legislation was considered premature and the Parliament settled for a text urging the Commission to carry out an investigation into the possible advantages and disadvantages of such measures.
Conclusion: The pharmaceutical care was an effective and economic way for the rational use of quinolones during perioperative time for the prevention and treatment of postoperative infection.
The issues deliberated by the Commission are extremely sensitive politically.
The Deputy Executive Director, United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS), introduced the report of the UNOPS Executive Director on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3) and the independent review pertaining to the business model and related issues of the United Nations Office for Project Services (DP/2003/CRP.4).
(c) Action-oriented programmes where adult educators work under the same conditions as learners.
This thesis briefly introduces structure and shortcoming of the horizontal sintering furnace which has been widely used in the field of battery production at home and offers suggestions which to improve furnace structure and conveyer system of separate.
The Don will make concessions in other areas to square things.
He also congratulated Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for his role in ensuring a peaceful and coordinated withdrawal.
The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was Heldai the Netophathite, of Othniel: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
The operative mechanism organizational structure and effective scale are crucial factors to the efficiency of the inter-firm organization.
Holding, buying or selling weapons, bombs or mines without the authorization of state competent bodies, is sentenced to a fine or up to seven years of imprisonment.
Since September 2000 Israel had been effectively conducting a policy to starve the Palestinian population by imposing a complete blockade on them, bombing and reoccupying their towns and villages, destroying their agricultural land and infrastructure and confiscating their legitimate property and wealth, as had been demonstrated by the operation in the camp at Jenin.
World Trade Center
It was noted that over the previous years the work of the World Bank in supporting the modernization of the enabling legal environment for economic growth and trade had been significantly enhanced by the work of UNCITRAL and its working groups.
While solid primary commodity exports will produce some positive wider impacts regarding the reduction of poverty and increases in incomes, the lack of a more equitable distribution of these benefits remains a major problem in several least developed countries.
We are presented with a problem.
FCCC/SBI/2003/MISC.10 National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
China hopes to continue its efforts with relevant countries and the international community and play a constructive role in implementing the agreement reached in an all-round and balanced way, pressing ahead with the Six-Party Talks and denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and phasing in the goals set in the Joint Statement.
Can use recorder or telephone to obtain the required people's voice.
Chunchi Canton
23. To supplement IMIS, various sections within the Office of Human Resources Management have developed internal databases for their own use.
65. In addition to increasing their awareness of the specific rights and needs of landmine victims, the States Parties, particularly through the work of the Standing Committee on Victim Assistance and Socio-Economic Reintegration, have also developed a clear sense of the place of assistance to mine victims in broader contexts.
In certain cases an appeal could lie from these courts to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.
Implementation of paragraph 25 of resolution 1284 (1999)
64. Requests the Department of Public Information, as from the sixty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to provide on the United Nations website, in all of the official languages of the United Nations, live webcasts and video archives of open, formal meetings of the General Assembly and of the Security Council with interpretation services, with a view to expanding the coverage to all open, formal United Nations meetings with interpretation services;
 The report noted the additional difficulty of restructuring a system which could not be taken "off-line" for that purpose and the need for related reforms in other areas, especially the planning, programming and budgeting process, and in the field of human resources management.
and its high customer loyalty has brought it a vast majority of customers, which have cooperated with it more than five years.
We'll burn a candle for him later.
Private sector importers do not necessarily know whether the import prices they receive were subsidized or not.
Considering draft article 10 on recharge and discharge zones definitions should aim at the particular characteristics which help to make distinct certain areas within the total area above the transboundary aquifer.
Q: Why did you leave your last job?A: Well, I am hoping to get an offer of a better position.
Posts on Twitter can be sent and received with mobile phones, over the Web, or through a wide variety of third-party desktop programs.
In data security, a policy that restricts access to classified information to pe rsonnel whose duties necessitate such access.
Creating new posts was not the right way to respond to new functions.
In addition, the Claimant asserts that it purchased safety equipment for bomb shelters intended to protect its employees and passengers in the port of Dammam.
Expected accomplishment
Most investment money these days, from individual investors as well as from institutions, charitable groups and even governments, is now in various types of managed funds.
It's lust over love, sensation over security and the opportunity to fall into a woman's arms without falling into her hands.
Create new enforcement mechanisms for IPRs
After the success of the great Star Wars trilogy--Star Wars (1977), The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1983)--producer George Lucas has come up with the movie which preceded the famous story of good and evil forces battling it out across the galaxy.
I. Summary of the proceedings of the review process 5 - 113 3
Two main issues had been discussed, namely, the working methods for the parallel chambers and the proposal on a unified standing treaty body.
We are very proud to announce that we were the first country to restore its Ambassador to Libya.
So, while China will avoid a hard landing in 2014, its medium-term prospects remain worrisome.
3. Pursuant to operative paragraph 6 of draft resolution A/60/L.12, the Department for Public Information would establish a programme of outreach activities on "Holocaust and the United Nations".
Would a deck where friends can hang out or a room devoted to a hobby have a more lasting impact than new bathroom fixtures
So there’s one example of how by becoming aware of what triggers you to orgasm you can learn to last longer in bed.
Financing of the activities arising from Security Council resolution 687 (1991): United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission (29 September 1999)
International drug control [108]
Discussion on the X-ray Examination for the Blank Tube of Thin Wall Thickness Bellows
We'll be back! We'll be back with the dogs!
Environment and sustainable development
Education grant advances
Welcoming Iraq's accession to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction, becoming the 186th State party on 12 February 2009,
The next day, the author and her mother, worried because Mohamed had not come home, went to the police station, but to no avail.
Within the last three bienniums, there has been a decrease in contributions from Member States by about 7 per cent.
(a) In the mobile group aged 18-44, where the relation between the average remuneration of women and men in 1999 was 79.6 per cent, whereas in 2004 the figure was 84.6 per cent;
Over the years the United Nations has played its full part in affirming human equality, which is, indeed, the heart of all rights, and in building bridges across the divides of race, ethnicity, culture, socio-economic disparities and political philosophies.
[Option 3:
62. On 8 October, my Special Representative hosted the twenty-fourth meeting of the heads of peace missions in West Africa in Dakar to review cross-cutting issues and progress in the coordination of United Nations activities in the subregion.
Then they took what Micah had made, and his priest, and went on to Laish, against a peaceful and unsuspecting people. They attacked them with the sword and burned down their city.
Similarly, it was important to improve the quality of information services such as radio, television, press releases and the United Nations website.
How much higher?
The analytic functions are applied to each group independently, they are reset for each group.
By thrusting his head over the wall, Marius could hear their remarks.
(c) Prepare and disseminate information on indigenous issues.
Damp the dress before you iron it.
On that occasion, we noted that the subject is one of extraordinary magnitude and implications, that it is growing worldwide and that it is one of the more complicated items in the social agenda.
Some countries understand the urgency.
Also, heavy and engineering equipment were transferred from the Field Administration and Logistics Division reserve at Brindisi, which reduced the need for the rental of such heavy and engineering vehicles locally ($133,600).
Original: English
(b) Consider revising the definition of matrimonial property so that a marital right would include pension rights and other work-related benefits, in addition to future earnings;
7. Also calls upon States to address the vulnerabilities of children working and/or living on the street to multiple health risks, including HIV infection, through social protection and primary health-care services that would build relationships of trust with these children and ensure their access to information on risky behaviours, counselling and testing and adequate protection against health risks, including HIV;
During the World Forum on Food Sovereignty, held in March 2007 in Nyéléni, Mali, more than 500 representatives of organizations of peasants/family farmers, artisanal fisher folk, indigenous peoples, landless peoples, rural workers, migrants, pastoralists, forest communities, women, youth, consumers, environmental and urban movements from more than 80 countries adopted the Declaration of Nyéléni, in which they defined food sovereignty as:
Mere inflation—that is, the mere issuance of more money, with the consequence of higher wages and prices may look like the creation of more demand.
ICD-10 category
"Decent Work" strategies are the guarantee for a more balanced and Sustainable Development, poverty reduction, and better lives for Families, and should direct their efforts at:
Summary
He has already live up to his word - producers claim they've received over 3,000 unhappy letters from Sidle fans
Minimum land area,
UNICEF was encouraged to continue to focus on HIV/AIDS in view of its low incidence in the country and, in this connection, to consider examining the impact of population movements.
The Commission then decided to defer further consideration of the recommendations to the nineteenth session in order to allow all members of the Commission to study both the submission and the analysis by the Subcommission in more detail.
The members of the Opposition voted against the bill, and the supporters of the Government voted for it.
GC.14/L.2/Add.3
Other United Nations bodies and specialized agencies
Ambassador
The sexual violence was particularly brutal.
Yes, he was demonized, but Karl Marx was right about so many things.
Wastewater treatment plant installation
The Secretary-General visited Myanmar from 29 April to 1 May 2012 together with his Special Adviser.
 in order to preserve the momentum and progress generated by these initiatives.
By the end of 2006, there were at least 2,330 registered historical sites of various types in the region, among which 329 had been put under protection at different levels, including 35 key ones under state protection, 112 under regional protection, and 182 under the protection of cities and counties.
To join these two pieces of metal, it will be necessary to heat them.
Redeployment of 1 post (P-4 Auditor) to the Internal Audit Division/United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire
General Assembly
organizational change and development,the initiation ad implementation of improvement processes,benefits from creativity and innovation,
On the other, the Government contributed indirectly to the expenses of the Zimbabwe Defence Forces between May 1999 and October 2000.
In order to mitigate external factors, a new standard operating procedure was created which included a timeline for payment and pick-up of equipment, as well as the imposition of penalties for failure to meet deadlines
Not only can that organization be of greater effectiveness within ASEAN but it can greatly assist in implementing United Nations objectives in the area.
 The review also acknowledged that the areas of focus of Governing Council decision 90/34 have been addressed in varying degrees of intensity and at different intervention levels.
Achieved.
Then three weeks went by without letter . Finally , a telegram  came , saying.
A mine risk education working group also met separately once a month.
(e) Various forms of discrimination and exclusion which affect the right to education of certain groups of children, such as pregnant adolescents, undocumented children and children with disabilities, reflecting insufficient attention to articles 28 and 29 of the Convention.
He was a teacher in the past. But he is a businessman now.
They are, in the order in which I visited them: Ghana, Sierra Leone, the Gambia, Senegal, East Timor -- on the occasion of its independence, together with the Secretary-General -- Japan, Italy, the Holy See, Austria, the Czech Republic, Australia and Singapore.
Millimeter waves at 35 to 70 GHz could have a much higher transmission capacity.
Several months ago, on one of our evening walks, I griped to my husband about my inability to buckle down.
It's not just a question, as obviously Foucault and Barthes are always suggesting, of deferring to authority as though the authority were the police with a baton in its hand, right?
Many participants from developing countries pointed out that economists with expertise in undertaking evaluations of adaptation options are rare and that more effort is needed to raise awareness on the importance of economic valuations for adaptation;
Arts in Germany
Israel's desperate embargo against Gaza, I repeat, is not tolerated by the international community.
There are many times that we cannot go it alone, and we shall continue to work with the United Nations and other agencies, with development banks, regional institutions, non-governmental organizations and the private sector.
The chairman buzzed his secretary.
Statements were made by Dubravka Šimonović, Chairperson of the Committee; Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa, President of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly; Louise Arbour, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights; Rachel Mayanja, Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women; Julio Peralta, Vice-Chairperson of the Commission on the Status of Women; Jackie Shapiro, Non-Governmental Organizations Committee on the Status of Women; and Sapana Pradhan Malla, of IWRAW Asia Pacific.
US trade officials are close to filing a case against China at the World Trade Organisation challenging export restrictions on raw materials used in steel- making and other industries.
His philosophy of non-violence was aimed at the most basic form of human aggression: the appetite for more than one’s share.
31. In addition, arrangements for financial monitoring of implementing partners were unsatisfactory as UNHCR offices did not prepare an annual monitoring and reporting plan in agreement with implementing partners; indicate the extent of monitoring and accounting checks conducted; and ensure that implementing partners took timely remedial action to rectify shortcomings identified by project control teams.
The draft resolution was adopted (resolution 64/266).
 Recently, the IAEA secretariat has made obstacles to our normal nuclear activities concerning the refuelling operation at the beginning of the campaign, intentionally avoiding the presence of the IAEA inspection team.
25. PAS 99 (publicly available specification) integrated management system requirements specification, available from: www.bsigroup.com/en-GB/pas-99-integrated-management/.
Allergy symptoms are headache, rash, shortness of breath.
More than 75 such bodies were invited to provide information.
I.16 As shown in table A.1.20 of the proposed programme budget, for the biennium 2002-2003, the total number of regular budget posts proposed under executive direction and management is 122, as compared with 118 for the previous biennium.
Japan will continue to contribute to this program.
Proposed outline for 2002-2003 for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme
Submit the application no less than 4 weeks prior to the schedule date. Applicants should submit the form to School Programme Unit of HKWP by fax at 2617 1158. We will contact the Person-in-charge within 7 working days after the date of application.
Still with regard to pregnant public servants, the Constitution of the State of Bahia ensures the relocation to another position by medical recommendation, without loss in salary and other benefits offered by the office or position.
It is expected that the full country programmes will be presented to the Executive Board in 2007.
On 18 September 2003, four (4) Turkish military aircraft of unknown type, coming from a westerly direction, entered the FIR of Nicosia in one formation, violating international air traffic regulations, before exiting towards the FIR of Ankara.
HK delegation meets with Indian Ministers
Wednesday, 7 December
E/CN.4/2003/97
Shrugging my shoulders, trying to laugh, what does this mean?
In this regard, the following two publications were published by the UNESCO Dakar office: HIV/AIDS Preventive Education: A Practical Guide for Coordinators of Women's Grassroots Organizations in Africa; and African Women and AIDS: Scope, Impact and Response.
"I'm not mad," he answered.
He indulged his children too much.
The key to grasp its essential characteristics is to determine the kind of public service that he or she is doing.
You're gonna get hurt. When I'm aroused, I'm a tiger.
Yak wool  hair  extensions - probably not what you paid for but what you possibly might get.
Daily list of documents issued at Headquarters
Households by housing density, size of household and population, 2007
Furthermore, under the Basel Convention, a transboundary movement from any State party to any of the shipbreaking operations in nonOECD countries is prohibited because, due to the conditions in the shipbreaking yards, it would not constitute "environmentally sound management" as required by the Convention.
Recommendation 3
That is because assets that these firms previously sold off to investors, or securitized, could come back to haunt them in 2010, and in some cases even earlier, under accounting-rule changes proposed last week.
(i) Committee on Environmental Policy:
How much disk space do I need to estimate for my database server?
1.2 Secondary education
7. The Ministry of Public Education of the Republic of Uzbekistan;
Fifty-ninth session
6. Invites the Special Rapporteur, in carrying out this mandate, within the framework of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and all other international human rights instruments, including the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women and the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action:
The international donor community was also invited to consider to what extent structured finance instruments could play a role in their own operations, including rural credit programmes and commodity projects.
At the time of audit, UNITAR was renegotiating the memorandum of service agreement with the Office to clarify the issue of overlapping functions.
E? mail is a valuable tool for college students at any level.
Experts felt that there was a need to organize a follow-up ad hoc meeting to further discussions in the area of construction services.
The Commissioners agreed that a briefing by Commission staff on the scope and form of a reinforced system of ongoing monitoring and verification at the next session of the College would be useful.
Children may even interpret disasters as punishment for real or imagined misdeeds.
I wish to draw your attention to the recommendations on the organization of the session contained in section II of the report of the General Committee (A/60/250).
More than 1.5 billion people are overweight, with one-third of them considered obese.
The need to separate the Office of the Attorney-General from that of the Minister of Justice has also been acknowledged in the report of the Constitutional Review Commission.
70. Act No. 20348, on the right to equal remuneration, may be invoked by workers of both sexes.
The crime of trafficking in persons has been included under the amendment in the list of especially serious crimes, which allows criminal investigation and prosecution authorities to use certain special investigation methods, extended duration of custody, or restriction of the possibility of release on probation from prison etc.
43. Non-proliferation/Democratic People's Republic of Korea (14 October 2006; 7 March 2013).
When interest rates rise, as surely they must, the cost of servicing the debt will require higher taxes, hurting economic incentives and weakening economic activity.
If you do not surrender, emergency venting will begin in one minute.
`I'll go with him as far as the park,' he said.
The new law regulates the conditions under which family allowances are granted, the children that give rise to the entitlement, the age limit, and the rules applying when several people can assert entitlement to allowances in respect of the same child.
Homes Famous for Their Character A Taywood Home is much more than bricks and mortar.
The proposals now being made for New York under phase II are twofold.
Ghana has since the formation of the Human Rights Council participated actively in its debates and participated in other activities of the Council, thereby contributed effectively to the Councils collaborative effort to build the consensus necessary for the promotion and protection of human rights around the world.
However, if the number of candidates from one gender is 10 or less, the minimum voting requirement for that gender shall be in accordance with the following formula:
The recent restructuring of the Programme Group in headquarters -- including the creation of inter- and intra-divisional multidisciplinary teams -- will strengthen the linkages between strategic planning, programme guidance, information management and policy analysis, while reinforcing the independence of the evaluation function.
Wednesday, 15 October 2014, from 10:00 to 13:00 and 15:00 to 18:00, in Conference Room 8 (GAB); and
Davis,Karen hayes. What happened?
I told Vera that my doctor refuses to talk to her.
We buy it for our kids. 80 percent of the cocoa comes from Cote d'Ivoire and Ghana and it's harvested by children.
Provisional agenda
Led by the directorate, this function and related key activities are carried out by the institutional development team, geographic sections, thematic advisers, and the evaluation unit.
(a) The definition and delimitation of outer space;
At the State level, higher import bills added further pressure on scarce public resources and reduced the availability and quality of key public goods.
Furthermore, from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010, there was a significant increase in the number of requests for management evaluation submitted by staff members to the Unit.
22. JS3-PHROC noted that the continued harsh punitive measures on Palestinian prisoners have resulted in severe psychological distress, forcing them to launch mass hunger strikes in 2011 and 2012.
Kyrgyzstan eliminated six previously required documents and simplified inspection procedures that have sped up trading across borders.
At its opening plenary meeting, the Board elected Mr. Mohamed Saleck Ould Mohamed Lemine (Mauritania) by acclamation as President of the Board at its fifty-third session.
Support comprehensive research and analysis of the realization of children's and women's rights; vulnerability analysis; causes of underlying trends and disparities (including gender) at various levels of duty-bearers.
Nothing in the present Convention obliges a watercourse State to provide data or information vital to its national defence or security.
Action on draft decision A/C.5/55/L.48
Adopted at the 121st plenary meeting, on 13 September 2010, without a vote, on the basis of draft resolution A/64/L.68, submitted by the President of the General Assembly
EC 635
10. The view was expressed that the definition and delimitation of outer space would strengthen security and confidence in outer space activities.
Staff assessment income
Nagytótfalu
Well, I did, and I meant it.
The then-government -- which was faced with a series of urgent political, economic, social, and military problems -- had to institute a deep-rooted reform program.
That imposed an obligation upon non-parties and constituted interference in the judicial independence or sovereignty of States, which he could not accept.
The federal government will pay for a greater share than ever before.
V. Recommendations
We need to carry on the further investigation of the industry and research the brand marketing by analyzing some cases.
This robot is being developed for the Northeast Proton Therapy Center at the Massachusetts General Hospital.
Following a 29 per cent increase in residential property prices in the fiscal year ending March 2011, the positive price momentum continued into fiscal year ending March 2012 with a further 20 per cent increase.
It noted, in particular, that the armed conflict in 1998 - 1999 had had a very damaging impact on the infrastructure, including upon education and health services.
6/CP.15
Disestablishments by continent and time
Saint Lucia
Friday, 22 September 2006
The relevance, efficiency, effectiveness, impact of and lessons learned in implementing the experimental reimbursable seeding operations are described in the external evaluation undertaken.
 382. Particular concern is expressed that the State party does not seem to perceive that pervasive discrimination being suffered by the 56 indigenous groups living in Mexico falls under the definition given to racial discrimination in article 1 of the Convention.
I saw my younger brother reaching into the cake tin.
She felt it rise now as her fingers fumbled beneath soft layers of folded cotton searching for the sharp cold of a shiny metal toffee tin.
Founded in Newcastle upon Tyne, the company was renamed Berghaus because of the standing in the market of German products.
China stands ready to continue to participate in the consultations in a positive and constructive approach and work together with all sides to arrive at a reasonable and just reform programme on the basis of consensus.
Every year, vitamin A deficiency causes blindness in about a half-million children; some 70% of them die within a year.
Fifty-first session
20. The emergency situation significantly increased the burden placed on the Ministry of Health and United Nations agencies' curative services, as highlighted in the vulnerability assessment by the World Health Organization (WHO) of the impact of the situation on the health status of the Palestinian population.
His basketball - shooting skills have developed to the utmost level.
If exception occurs, the statement's exception block disposes of the string list, then re - raises the exception.
The report provided little information merely mentioning their high unemployment rate, without describing any measures being taken to rectify the situation. Nor did it give information on how many women were in formal employment, how many in the informal sector, how many worked for the State and how many in the private sector.
It was only by developing a set of professional and ethical codes of conduct and forging an atmosphere of objective and impartial coverage that the news media could play a more effective role and make an indirect contribution to world peace, stability, development and prosperity.
Let me tell you what I do know.
Report of the Conference of the Parties to the Rotterdam Convention on the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for Certain Hazardous Chemicals and Pesticides in International Trade on the work of its first meeting, UNEP/FAO/RC/COP.1/33 (2004), http://www.pic.int/cops/reports/z33)/English/COP%201-33%20e.pdf.
However, he was the first one that suggested the abolishing of TCM in modern times.
By then, Taiwan's concern about its security will be properly resolved.
Optimus: Assemble the Autobots T-AI. This is an emergency that calls for the Build Team.
Amendments to the Convention or its Annexes
China National Symphony Orchestra
In general, small-scale initiatives include indigenous peoples throughout the project cycle, especially women, and sometimes indigenous youth.
Portugal has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 15 October 2002.
And to start, you must first enhance your knowledge of the particular culture from which your potential new friend comes from.
The Council further postponed the election of one member from Western European and other States for a four-year term beginning at the first meeting (in 2007) of the Commission's forty-first session and expiring at the close of its forty-fourth session in 2011.
This collaboration and cooperation includes the examination, substantive analysis and clarification required in the preparation of the reports and the sharing of information and experience.
Mr. Moisés Fuentes-Ibáñez
 In closing, I would like to express our appreciation for the rapid response the United Nations and the international community have made to this complex and sensitive issue.
I hope you enjoyed a short recess from our hard work.
As the world economy is increasingly driven by knowledge, countries need a large base of workers who can apply technology, as well as scientists and engineers who can carry out further research and development.
Microbial transformation of selenate was studied in aerobic condition by atomic fluorescence spectrophotometry ( AFS ).
Yau Nai-hoi
5. Requests the Executive Director, in cooperation with other members of the InterOrganization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, in particular with the World Health Organization, as well as with other partners, including the private sector, to assist Governments, through information exchange and capacity-building, in their efforts to phase out lead in gasoline, lead-based paint and other sources of human exposure, to prevent exposure to lead and to strengthen efforts for monitoring and surveillance as well as treatment of lead poisoning;
Mars and the sun are on opposite sides of the sky.
The World Conservation Monitoring Centre completed an initial feasibility study, the results of which were considered at a meeting in October 1998 for the secretariat Information Managers.
French
12. In his letter dated 22 January 2007 addressed to the Secretary-General (A/61/710), the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations informed that the new Constitution of Gibraltar had been given effect by an Order-in-Council on 14 December 2006 and that the new Constitution had entered into force on 2 January 2007.
One third of the Board members are chosen by the General Assembly and the corresponding governing bodies of the other member organizations, one third by the executive heads of those organizations and one third by the participants in the Fund.
Saint Kitts and
As from Wednesday, 6 September 2006, and for the rest of the month, the presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations, which are non-members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
(v) Verification of digital signature
With those modest resources, the global programme funds the core substantive policy-development and advisory work of UNDP in three of the four development focus areas of the strategic plan, namely, poverty reduction and the Millennium Development Goals; democratic governance; and the environment and energy.
39. Concern with the insufficiency of reliable and updated social and economic statistical data, particularly with regard to the war-affected populations and areas, led UNDP to commission studies focusing on aspects fundamental for the achievement of the goal of sustainable human development, namely the impact of HIV/AIDS on the war-affected population, particularly the internally displaced persons; the impact of the internally displaced persons on the environment; the impact of the internally displaced persons on the local government structures; and the impact of population movements on the overall structure of Angolan society.
Of the total number of people economically active in agriculture 7 per cent are women.
The hospital is making efforts to become China's first-rate cancer hospital.
Then the music-master made a little speech full of hard words and declared that the bird was as good as ever of course no one contradicted him.
The Government may need to compensate for such a market failure by supporting the development of appropriate training programmes and by phasing in user fees when the value of such programmes is recognized.
Inability to compete with the west was inconceivable. Failure was not an option.
The document outlines the demographic trends of Hong Kong, and options for a sustainable population policy from the economic, social and environmental perspectives.
All EIT Parties have already submitted four national communications.
)Yes, I do often.
147. Financing of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei.
UNAMI, led by my Special Representative, and my Special Adviser on the International Compact, Ibrahim Gambari, have been engaged in intensive discussions with the Government of Iraq and the international and regional communities to elaborate on how the spirit of the International Compact might be more effectively mobilized to support Iraq's future efforts towards recovery and development.
An integral element is a more equitable scale for determining peacekeeping funding.
Millions more were displaced by natural disasters.
Governments should also encourage non-governmental organizations and private-sector and other institutions to mobilize additional resources.
Recalling the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention, held at Geneva from 16 to 20 September 2002, and the Declaration of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties reaffirming the commitment of the States parties to intensify further their efforts in those areas most directly related to the core humanitarian objectives of the Convention,
XV. Work programme on clarification of quantified economy-wide emission reduction targets of developed country Parties
Observance of World Day for Water
In addition to this measure, however, the CTC would like to emphasize that the effective implementation of subparagraph 1 (b) of the resolution requires a State to have in place measures specifically criminalizing the wilful provision or collection of funds by its nationals, or on its territory, by any means directly or indirectly, with the intention that the funds should be used, or in the knowledge that they are to be used to carry out a terrorist act.
Although resource-rich countries benefited from the recent boom in commodity prices and have gone on to record some of the highest economic performances in the world, these high rates of growth have not been accompanied by major declines in levels of poverty.
For instance in the European Union (EU), even when technical conditions such as dumping and injury findings have been fulfilled, the imposition of anti-dumping duties has been rejected for political reasons by EU member States pursuing national interests.
(d) 14.4 per cent supported the finalization of work for the development of a regional shark plan for the Pacific Islands (para. 14 (d) of the terms of reference);
, and Do I allow my child's opinions and tastes to differ from my own?Tips for Parenting During the Teen YearsLooking for a roadmap to find your way through these years?
CJ E&M
"Article 53 When one party or both parties consist of two or more than two persons, their object of action being the same or of the same category and the people's court considers that, with the consent of the parties, the action can be tried combined, it is a joint action.
In 2002, by contrast, the gap was slightly larger: 61 percent vs. 57 percent.
 The practice of female genital mutilation in some parts of the world is also a matter of increasing concern and it exerts a highly negative effect on reproductive and sexual life.
20. In 2013, CoE-CPT stated that many persons its delegation had met had said they were correctly treated by law enforcement officials at the time of their apprehension and while in police custody.
You have to listen to the broadcast on the train.
Participants expressed the opinion that the Conference should continue to be organized on an annual basis and that the themes for the Conference and the discussions should be more focused on specific topics.
Antenna Arrays are becoming more and more important in wireless communications.Multibeam antennas as a kind of array form are widely used in satellites and land wireless communications systems.
Yes, but we don't know what reason there is in it.
Divine Storm: Mana cost changed to 20 % of base mana up from 12 %.
They left then, holding their bundles of papers against the wind.
That study is currently being reviewed with the Government concerned, and UNDCP and the World Bank are encouraging a discussion of the situation by potential donor countries that will participate in the next consultative group sponsored by the Bank.
Welsh mythology
Nevertheless, banks do have human rights due diligence requirements in this context, and human rights risks related to the projects are also risks to the banks' liability, returns and reputation.
She called for attention to be paid to worker safety throughout the life cycle of electrical and electronic products and for collaborative action with all stakeholders, particularly the International Labour Organization.
He hoped that measures would be taken to ensure that such decisions were taken in consultation with an independent legal authority.
Hospitality The Hospitality Committee for United Nations Delegations, Inc., is a private self-supporting and non-political organization devoted to helping delegates and their families feel welcome in New York and the surrounding area.
Sixtieth session
51. With regard to health, his country was in the forefront of the Arab and Gulf States with regard to its care of disabled persons.
Health and the environment could be protected and benefited from the ban of HCBD, as the re-introduction of HCBD and related risks would be prevented and any currently unidentified intentional production and use around the world should end.
We were traveling eastward.
Candidates for the office of Chief Executive may be nominated jointly by not less than 100 members of the Election Committee.Each member may nominate only one candidate.
That convention included a specific provision on the rights of the child, and the three countries hoped that it would help to create the kind of inclusive society in which the potential of all children could be realized.
But it is the few who spoil it for everyone else.
When I was at one bakery restaurant, they used to make this really yummy peach cobbler in a big tray.
5.3 Contraceptive prevalence rateb
 We share the view with others that land alienation and lack of development have a direct correlation to rural-urban migration and the creation of poverty.
CHAPTER XII SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS Article 50.For the purpose of this Law, the definitions of the following terms are: " Coastal waters " means the harbours, inland waters, territorial waters and all other sea areas under the jurisdiction of the state, along the sea coast of the People's Republic of China.
The purpose of the study, which was distributed to all postal administrations, was to create awareness in the financial community and among policy makers of the rationale for postal reform.
While that proposal is well intentioned, we continue to doubt its practicality and comprehensiveness, because we believe that reform of the Council's working methods should go hand in hand with structural reform of the Council itself.
which is followed almost instantly by the tearing of the north Atlantic Rift with consequent European tsunami.
Note by the Secretary-General**
Generic job profiles for each critical position will be made available and each applicant will be requested to submit a personal history profile.
The available cash balance in the UNIFIL special account as at 25 October 1994 was some $30.2 million.
178. At the present session the Commission will have before it the report of the Secretary—General (E/CN.4/1999/88).
Ad hoc expert groups
The Agency also upgraded three schools, paved one schoolyard and renovated boundary walls at six schools.
47. The quarterly national accounts handbook being prepared by Eurostat, and the IMF quarterly national accounts handbook should provide ample guidance to assist countries in the compilation of quarterly GDP data.
 For the final text, see Council decision 1993/205;
Qin Wang
Everyone must surely be brought enjoyment when they look at such a sparkling tower.
The witness admitted to having facilitated sex between V046A and the soldier in return for bread and jam.
Furthermore, article 2 of the same CCM, on the temporal scope of application, includes the principle of non-retroactive application of criminal laws and sanctions, except for when a posterior law establishes a regime more favourable to the agent and he/she has not yet been condemned by a final sentence.
Briefings on the various aspects of the United Nations human rights programme have been organized in Geneva for representatives of UNDP offices in 1998 and 1999.
Ambassador and Special Envoy for Multilateral Environmental Agreements, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Environment and Trade, Grenada
The unlawful Israeli annexation and demographic manipulations in East Jerusalem have created fundamental threats to the Palestinian right of self-determination.
28. Encourages African countries to continue their efforts in investing in education, science, technology and innovation to enhance value addition and industrial development;
Address by His Excellency Nicolae Timofti, President of the Republic of Moldova
Mr. Chairman,We stand ready to strengthen the exchanges and cooperations with other countries in the filed of human settlements development in an effort to further implement the Habitat Agenda and attain MDG goals, so as to not only further improve China's human settlements, but also contribute to the global human settlements development endeavors.
C (6) panel
46. Draft resolution A/C.5/66/L.53 was adopted.
" Paul McCartney added the middle section, including the line: "Found my way upstairs and had a smoke, somebody spoke and I went into a dream.
As such, two officers, Carlson and Stager, were asked to take the author's luggage that the family was unable to take to the apartment (nine pieces in total) to a storage facility at the airport until the family's deportation.
She recalled the linkages that existed between the provision of technical assistance and the implementation of the Convention and stressed the diversity of technical assistance requirements emerging at different stages of the ratification and implementation processes.
C. Advice and guidance
Taking note of rules 6, 9, 10, 11, 14, 24, 28, 37, 41, 42, 48, 56, 62 and 95 of its Rules of Procedure, providing also specific functions for the Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties,
It is a programme of the Government of the Republic of Lithuania that defines the strategy of the State employment and labour market policy and provides medium-term priority objectives and actions which are planned by the Government and other administrative authorities in order to increase employment among the population.
Host countries had a specific responsibility to allow them to do so.
The Argentine Republic again made clear its firm desire for cooperation when, in 2007, it communicated the following decision to the United Kingdom: "It was the intention of the Argentine Government to transmit to the British Government the conclusions reached in relation to this instrument at the diplomatic meeting proposed by Argentina in February 2006 to address the status of all understandings agreed between our two countries" under the formula on sovereignty.
Many more combinations are possible using tow or more planetary sets connected in various ways to provide the different forward speeds and reverse that are found in modern automatic transmissions.
(viii) High-level launch of thematic studies (4);
26. In the light of the results achieved during the World Summit on Sustainable Development and a conference on information technology held in Bilbao, the decentralized cooperation programme was solicited and encouraged to replicate a preparatory process for local authorities for the World Summit on the Information Society.
And propose the follow up direction to individual aim to close the gap.
The article introduces the application of derivative weld in automobile weld product line.
American Western  films
In its examination of the West Bank with respect to actions taken by Israel, the Mission focused on four key aspects in their linkage to the Israeli military operations in Gaza: (a) the sharp increase in the use of force by Israeli security forces, including the military, in the West Bank; (b) the tightening and entrenchment of the system of movement and access restrictions; (c) the issue of Palestinian detainees and especially the increase in child detainees during and after the military operations; and (d) the Gaza corollary of the detention of Hamas members of the Palestinian Legislative Council.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 4754th meeting, held on 13 May 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, having before it the report of the Secretary-General (S/2003/374 and Add.1).
487. The Committee considered the initial report of Ethiopia (CRC/C/8/Add.27) at its 349th to 351st meetings, on 9 and 10 January 1997 (CRC/C/SR.349-351), and, at its 371st meeting, on 24 January 1997, adopted the following concluding observations.
In the end, the economy again lost momentum in 2009 and the country's real GDP expanded by only 1.4 per cent as the international financial crisis brought about a decline in its export markets, a reduction in the price of nickel, a slowdown in foreign remittances and foreign direct investment, and an acute restriction in its access to credit and capital from abroad.
The method entry pointer is pushed onto the stack.
The recent increase in the number and size of peacekeeping operations and the phase-out of gratis personnel were placing growing demands on the support account.
He mentioned that in 2000, UNICEF undertook a survey in 22 countries in Latin America, which showed that some 26 million children were exposed to violence in their homes.
Miscellaneous
Before I go, I want to buy gifts for my family.
Without scientific analysis and right knowledge about the law of social development, this theory is groundless.
However, most partnerships, including those with global and regional scope, engage in activities at the national and local levels and hence have helped to increase the participation of local communities.
Support should also be given to civil society organizations working to promote the greater inclusion of marginalized groups;
straight from the horse's mouth Straight from the horse's mouth -3: I tell you I know for certain that Lisa will be promoted to manager.
Reflecting the higher income, total expenditures also increased by 46.3 per cent, from $9,032,399 to $13,214,702, due mainly to an increase in the number of new projects established during 2002-2003.
In addition, $21.9 million was sought for co-sponsors, activities through a coordinated appeal, of which about 25 per cent was raised in 1998.
Application of big-hole high-shot-density sand control perforation technique to Cao 13 block
Whenever possible, projects targeting refugee children, such as the Peace Education Initiative, have been streamlined into existing programmes.
(b) Clarify the definition of competencies and levels;
This would translate to a reduction in costs to the community.
An officious little guard came and told me not to whistle in the museum garden.
"Jack told me they were going to put up a six-story building next spring in Robey Street.
On 18 and 19 July 2003, one (1) C-130 and one (1) BE-20 Turkish military aircraft respectively, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus over the occupied area of Mesaoria.
Océane Zhu
The world is in trouble.
Similarly, Turkey’s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, of the Justice and Development Party (AKP), has taken to governing in a way that is unraveling a decade of progress, one marked by economic dynamism, rapid growth, and the subordination of the armed forces to civilian control.
Here, I emphasize the title that was proposed by the United States, and not the title that you have in your text.
It was necessary to make this circumstance a matter of pleasure, because on such occasions it is the etiquette, but no one was less likely than Mrs. Bennet to find comfort in staying at home at any period of her life.
The theory and experiment result indicates that the precursor condensation model could explain the relation of the density of composites to cycle times and maceration extract concentration much exactly.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and all its subsequent resolutions concerning the implementation of the Declaration, the most recent of which was resolution 62/120 of 17 December 2007, as well as the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
I would like to commend Deputy Secretary-General Fréchette for her hard work in getting us started on this process.
Thiago Alcântara
This provision and similar references in the Norms to national and international law are also based upon the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (art. 27), in that a State may not invoke the provisions of its internal law as justification for its failure to comply with a treaty, the Norms, or other international law norms.
The representative of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Association stated that Ahmadi Muslims in Pakistan were persecuted and continued to live under the threat of the misuse of the Blasphemy Laws.
The Office works to promote and sustain an ethical organizational culture based on accountability, transparency and respect in order to enhance the effectiveness and credibility of the United Nations.
Redeployment of 3 Protection Officer posts from state coordinator Offices
I want the name of this witness.
Just take a look at the bottom line
he was as homely and comfortable as an old shoe.
It was noted that many Hungarian exonyms existed because of the presence of ethnic Hungarians in neighbouring countries, and those names, used by Hungarians, were unofficial name variants in those countries.
Maieru
:: National debt of about US$ 3.6 billion -- 568 per cent of GDP;
While increasing the area of forests to be managed primarily for conservation of biological diversity by 3.5 million hectares to almost 70 million hectares, a majority of countries in the region have also adopted new forest policies and laws, along with increasing their efforts to improve law enforcement and governance.
Several activities were undertaken to increase the use of United Nations and regional human rights bodies and mechanisms through capacity-building among minority representatives.
This can be seen through the teaching quality, as well as the level of study research and research papers.
My all acquaintances have voted him, so I will vote him too
Continuation and conclusion of the general discussion
Point to Ponder: Life is a test and a trust.
By early 2006, it boasted in a statement that it was possibly 'the single largest global real estate [investor] in Shanghai.
 2. Also requests the administering Power and all financial institutions to continue to provide assistance to the Territory in order to enable it to mitigate the effects of the international economic recession and to pursue its development programmes;
Looking back into the long history of humankind, the fates of people from different countries have never being connected as closely as in nowadays.
That depends. how fast can this thing go?
The Chinese Government safeguards all the justified and lawful rights and interests of Taiwan compatriots abroad.
None of our work would have been possible were it not for the extensive support we received.
Damn it, Alan. What'd you do now?
Baldellou
 It will be necessary as well to change the timetable of its sessions so that it may meet annually instead of biennially.
1. Address by His Excellency Mr. Pierre Buyoya, President of the Republic of Burundi.
The team's work resulted in a confidential report.
 The Special Rapporteur has already, in his eighth periodic report (E/CN.4/1995/10), drawn attention to the unacceptable fact of the conditions of detention in the civilian detention camp at Velika Kladusa observed by him during his visit in July 1994.
Monday, 27 October 2014, from 10:00 to 11:30, in Conference Room C.
:: The information received from States on alleged violations contributed to the incident reports prepared by the Panel of Experts for the Committee's information and to the Panel's final report to the Security Council
They agreed that the enhanced dialogue and exchanges between the two countries in the field of arms control and non-proliferation are conducive to building mutual understanding and cooperation in coordination with the development of China-Britain all-round strategic partnership.
to carry out an independent investigation but gave no timetable.
1.1.1 Increase in the number of crossing points between the north and the south of the buffer zone (2007/08: 6; 2008/09: 8; 2009/10: 9)
(d) Of the recommendations made in 2008 or earlier, 100 per cent were closed.
A threat to turn from talks to tanks must be credible, which it will not be if an opposing player can simply count votes to see if the necessary legislative majority exists.
New York, 28 June-23 July 2004
Switzerland/Chile
This Act sets out a number of principles safeguarding workers' rights, such as: equality with respect to employment and career progression; the protection of wages, working hours and leave; workers' safety; workers' health and social welfare; compensation for industrial injuries and occupational diseases; and the settlement of individual and collective labour disputes.
(a) Timely submission of incident/violation reports to United Nations Headquarters
In some cases it may include one of the matriarch's sisters and her offspring as well
Indigenous peoples have the right to [special] protection and security in periods of armed conflict.
Suzhou sculpture art board directors.
Good photo editors let you control how much detail is removed (the "compression" ).
Vulnerabilities in standard security controls must be considered cloud specific if cloud innovations directly cause the difficulties in implementing the controls.
There were a few contraventions of the IMC Act but no single action could be deemed to have had a significant impact on the outcome of the elections.
Construction of a main gravity line connecting the western area of Nuseirat with the pumping station
(c) The cash flow summary statement for peacekeeping operations (statement III) is based on the indirect method of cash flow statements covered by international accounting standard 7. Note 6
This isn't the handicraft product, but art object in of strange Pa  - handicraft embroidery!
Mr. Roger de Backer, Head of Delegation, EU
In support of his conclusion, the military prosecutor referred to the conclusions of the forensic doctor and the police officers= denial that they had engaged in any physical violence.
We welcome the formal adoption of the second commitment period under the Kyoto Protocol.
Recommendation 9
Taken together, those developments have caused the humanitarian situation of the Palestinian people to plummet to desperately low levels.
To this end, INMUJERES prepared a Manual for Planning, Programming and Budgeting with a gender perspective, and a Methodological Guide for mainstreaming the gender perspective in public budgets. It has also pursued joint strategies with the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate and the Ministry of Finance and Public Credit (SHCP), with the Interagency Roundtable for Preparation of the 2008 Budget from a gender perspective, and with the National Forum on Budgeting for Equality between Women and Men.
The Research on Nanoscale Powder-liquid Polymer Intermixing Method Based on Diminutive Bubbles Explosion
For those countries that choose nuclear energy, the International Atomic Energy Agency provides a forum for promoting international cooperation in the peaceful use of nuclear energy.
He didn't make it.
It might be argued that in the present state of international law this “compromise” position is all that can be achieved, and that it does at least form a basis for further developments both in law and practice.
Following the gradual improvement of the relations between the two countries, normal military contacts between China and the US have resumed.
While the Government has been praised for the effective management of the Fund, a balance would have to be struck between prudent management of the resources in the Fund for future generations and their utilization to improve the current socio-economic conditions of the people of Timor-Leste, in particular young people.
Actions to be taken by the General Assembly
United Nations-owned water purification plants
Like ideational metaphor and interpersonal metaphor textual metaphor is one of the organic constituents of grammatical metaphor.
Portugal also publishes annually its military budget, which is available to non-governmental organizations and think tanks.
Our dear brother Evo Morales Ayma, President of the Plurinational State of Bolivia, and our brother and liberation theologian Leonardo Boff have helped us understand, in a more comprehensive and holistic form, man's place in creation and his relation to Mother Earth.
Lavado et al. (2004) (Ref. 13) and Thibaut and Porte (2004) (Ref. 14) showed that dicofol could interfere with the synthesis of sex hormones in fish microsomes;
(b) Procurement and construction costs in the amount of RSD 4,398.8 million (9.0 per cent), including RSD 3,005.4 million for armament and military equipment acquisitions and RSD 1,393.4 million for the construction and maintenance of military facilities;
14th plenary meeting
11. With regard to the Implementation Review Group, provision was made for the Group to hold one session of a duration of 10 days per year, and for the translation into all six official languages of 100 pages of documentation per year for the sessions.
B. Lord's Resistance Army
Mr. Movses Abelian
The percentage is much lower for girls than for boys (World Bank, 1995).
Chills all over me, I can barely breathe
VI. Proposed pension scheme options
What measures are being undertaken to address these problems, especially with a view to destigmatizing and promoting tolerance to that end.
For instance, various forms of such violence, such as marital rape, have not been criminalized in many countries, while loopholes in laws, discriminatory attitudes of officials and procedural barriers for access to justice have contributed to low rates of reporting and conviction.
The Declaration also calls for, by 2005, the development and accelerated implementation of national strategies for women's empowerment, the advancement of women and the promotion and protection of their full enjoyment of all human rights, and the implementation of measures to increase capacities of women and adolescent girls to protect themselves from the risk of HIV infection.
8. Recalls the decision of the Commission at its eleventh session that activities during Commission meetings should provide for balanced involvement of participants from all regions, as well as for gender balance;
12.Qualified college students should develop morally,intellectually and physically.
66. The Finance and Budget Section has been preparing payments for separating staff while monitoring the rational use of funds in accordance with the approved budget.
19. Decides to keep under review during its fifty-sixth session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea". 92nd plenary meeting
14. The signing by the parties of the Nairobi Declaration on 5 June 2004 raised hopes that the IGAD-led peace process had become irreversible and would be swiftly accomplished.
the amount deductible is the lesser of two amounts, that is, the amount you actually contributed to the ROR scheme or the amount of mandatory contribution that you would have been required to pay had that scheme been an MPF scheme; and
Countries are experimenting with regional approaches to reform.
She will also seek to collaborate with new and strategic partners such as the private sector and community-based organizations.
The mansions with marBle outside walls have kept a new appearance for a numBer of years.
3. Key initiatives undertaken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations were: in the context of the continued implementation of the New Horizon Initiative, a resource and capability matrix was developed to assist missions in identifying the resources and capabilities that they require to implement their protection of civilians mandates; a strategy to help peacekeeping missions establish and sequence early peacebuilding priorities and tasks was finalized; in the area of capability development, baseline capability standards and guidance were developed under three pilot initiatives for infantry battalions included in the Infantry Battalion Manual, military staff officers and military medical support; technical guidance in the security sector reform area, as well as a toolkit for management of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes and a Department of Peacekeeping Operations planning toolkit were finalized; a training-of-trainers course was provided to enhance the capabilities of countries contributing formed police units; training modules were developed and launched to improve the mentoring and advising of national counterparts; a prevention of sexual and gender-based violence standardized curriculum was rolled out to peacekeeping missions; a small civilian Justice and Corrections Standing Capacity was created to rapidly deploy to meet urgent requirements; in the effort to address capability gaps, the methods and practices to communicate resource requirements to Member States were reviewed; inter-mission cooperation was promoted through the temporary deployment of military utility and attack helicopters to meet urgent requirements; in the area of strengthening mission planning and oversight, systematic briefings to the Security Council and troop- and police-contributing countries on technical assessment missions were held; and a comprehensive evaluation was conducted on command and control within peacekeeping.
But raising children means training the next generation and preserving our culture.
By 1990, Thain had risen to treasurer at Goldman and four years later, chief financial officer.
72. The Special Rapporteur recommends the development of a programme for global capacity-building on privacy protection.
The rest of the high-level meeting of the operational activities segment could be devoted to a high-level policy exchange on development cooperation issues, focusing on policies, effectiveness and outcomes of the operational activities.
8. Article 13: Revocation of unilateral acts.
People used to be able to interrupt you at work only by phoning or walking into your office.
Such tenders shall be invited by advertisement, except where the Registrar, with the approval of the Presidentcy, deems that, in the interests of the Court, a departure from the rule is desirable.
Urban rainwater collection can realize water resource conservation, decrease pressure of drainage pipeline and improve urban ecological environment etc.
2. Proposal on potential further work on carbon tetrachloride emissions
Reviews on Participation in IEC International Standardization Activities of Chinese Electronic Information Industry
Carbon pricing policies are already being implemented by some 40 national governments, including that of China, the world’s largest emitter, and 23 cities, states, and regions that are putting a price on carbon.
The Assembly also decided that the Council should meet regularly throughout the year and schedule no fewer than three sessions per year, including a main session, for a total duration of no less than 10 weeks, and should be able to hold special sessions, when needed, at the request of a member of the Council with the support of one third of the membership of the Council.
All programme cooperation activities supported by UNICEF will strive to incorporate those dimensions as key features in the formulation, implementation and assessment of programmes and projects.
Use of reduced-risk pesticides is promoted in all countries.
Finally, during operations on the site, work began on preparing the adjacent land and fire control systems were installed to prevent the occurrence of fires.
To date, 15 boys have been reunited with their families and 12 boys remain in the centres.
If thou so choose, it will bear thee back again.
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law
Zizhi Tongjian Gangmu
 As far as humanitarian assistance is concerned, we emphasize the need for the efficient mutual cooperation of all involved entities, together with a strengthening of the coordinating role of the Department of Humanitarian Affairs.
The domestic Chinese market still appears to be downwards.
(28) The Committee recognizes that the Amnesty Act of 2000 has contributed to the return, demobilization and reintegration of thousands of children forcefully recruited by the LRA, however, it is concerned that the criteria for granting amnesties are not in compliance with the international legal obligations of the State party, notably the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Article 15
Haughton impact crater
Villanueva de los Infantes, Valladolid
Farmers were harvesting crops in the fields adjacent to the highway.
Thus, the consequences of such an incident would be severe, even if they did not pose any immediate health hazard.
It came about the next day, the second day of the new moon, that David's place was empty; so Saul said to Jonathan his son, "Why has the son of Jesse not come to the meal, either yesterday or today?"
Mr. Rohan Perera (Sri Lanka)
Real-estate funds are 'a good bet when you need to make big investment and yet still stay under the radar, ' he says.
In the column headed "Servicing"
53. Mr. Laurie (United Nations Mine Action Team) said that the United Nations Mine Action Team supported the recommendations by the Coordinators on continued intersessional work by the parties to Protocol V in 2012, including with a view to strengthening a culture of reporting and recording of the use and abandonment of explosive ordnance.
Still, I think it unwise for either of us to insist on hisownprice.
After all, we allowed Foday Sankoh to meet his rebel colleagues.
Addendum
14 July 1970
25. Reaffirms the importance of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and its regional offices in building capacity at the local level in the fight against transnational organized crime and drug trafficking, and urges the Office to consider regional vulnerabilities, projects and impact in the fight against drug trafficking, in particular in developing countries, when deciding to close and allocate offices, with a view to maintaining an effective level of support for national and regional efforts in countering the world drug problem;
Draft resolution
This would allow States and other bodies to become familiar with the draft articles and to draw on them in their present form.
(k) Rehabilitation and conservation strategies for countries with low forest cover;
He highlighted a number of recent initiatives that are under way in Ghana to prevent forest degradation, mainstream forest issues into national plans, and support local forest-dependent peoples.
It was therefore indicated that the first set of bracketed text was preferable to the second set, which was based on a circular statement by referring to the electronic transferable record itself.
to the parent and teacher meeting this week.
Arab Towns Organization: USD 63,388.
The wise man hides his wisdom; the fool displays his foolishness.
59.Temperance is the best physic
Hardware / Software partitioning is one of the critical step in Hardware / Software Codesign flow and has very important influence on the final design.
Institutions
The pace of appreciation of the currency has also slowed in recent weeks, which some analysts saw as a response to the likely impact of a weaker global economy on Chinese exporters.
In our view, the resolution adopted by the Council will allow sufficient time for all delegations to undertake early preparations aimed at achieving a fruitful and mutually acceptable review of the Council so as to ensure its role as the premier multilateral institution charged with advancing the promotion and protection of all human rights across the world.
60. The NDC Commander, “Gen.” Sheka Ntabo Ntaberi has allied himself with ex-CNDP General Bosco Ntaganda since mid-2011.
A net increase of 7 posts results from the conversion of 4 international General Service posts to national, the redeployment of 1 post from the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and the establishment of 2 additional posts
Austria
Boissy-le-Cutté
My delegation looks forward to more discussion on ways to enhance the catalytic role of the Fund in the next session.
For Engineer position, require Ph . D in plasma physics or electrical engineering.
(a) Ensure that the supply and utilization of international financial assistance for developing countries is improved substantially, especially for the purposes of eradicating poverty and improving the situation of marginalized and vulnerable groups;
 Not only would this condone terrorism - it would reward it.
As we continue to dip and sway, I remember a time when I was almost three, and my father came home from work, swooped me into his arms and began to dance me around the table.
The likelihood of heavy movement at this point is great so please heed this warning.
The second boy was recruited against his will.
A lead is necessary for coordinated activity to be actively pursued in this area.
Finally, with the unemployment rate now up to 6.1%, disinflationary slack is rapidly accumulating in the economy.               ..........
Previously on Stargate Atlantis I believe I had a vision last night.
The General Assembly has come together to speak with one voice to Libya's unrepentant rulers.
 2. Calls upon States individually and in cooperation with other States to promote the Global Programme of Action and to implement its mandates and recommendations, with a view to translating it into practical action for drug abuse control;
The US newspaper industry vertical integration of organizational structure start off.
For example, could a State which had tendered full reparation for a breach be liable to countermeasures because of its failure to give assurances and guarantees against repetition satisfactory to the injured State?
IV. Points for discussion
Entrepreneur has to have nerves of steel and a very strong stomach.
The Territory at a glance
Projected expenditure for 2012/13a
All of us, rich and poor, weak and strong, whether citizens of great power or tiny atoll, are linked in webs of opportunity and vulnerability.
22 August 1991
The employment chapter requires the Civil Service and other employers with more than 25 employees to promote "appropriate representation" of persons with disabilities in the work force.
You're looking at my latest work of art.
17. The InterAmerican Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) reported that in 2008, it considered admissible a petition alleging the death of six Haitian nationals and one Dominican, and the injury of several more, as a result of agents from the Border Intelligence Operations Department of the Armed Forces (DOIF) opening fire over a truck crossing a checkpoint in the Dominican Republic.
They further welcomed the convening of the High Level Meeting on Wellbeing and Happiness: defining a new economic paradigm by the Royal Government of Bhutan in New York on 2nd April 2012 at the UN Headquarters in follow up to resolution 65/309.
In addition to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, representatives of the Ministry of Defence, the Interior, Justice and Equality of Opportunity and the Commission on Women and Development also participated in the deliberations.
3.3 These strategies could include objectives, targets, benchmarks and time frames; and actions to formulate policies, identify and mobilize resources, define institutional mechanisms, allocate responsibilities, coordinate the activities of different actors, and provide for monitoring mechanisms.
What initiatives have been taken to ensure full coordination of the disability commissioners' work, between each Land and the Federal Government, and between all 16 Länder collectively and the Federal Government?
Mr. Stefano Toscano
Without warning, Ukrainian troops attacked with a speed andnot seen since the blitzkrieg of WWII.
It welcomed the conclusion and successful outcome of the third session of the Conference of the States Parties to the United Nations Convention against Corruption, held in Doha from 9 to 13 November 2009, especially the establishment of a review mechanism for the implementation of the Convention.
(c) The courts;
282. Pursuant to the United Nations Convention on the Nationality of Married Women, which Kazakhstan ratified, women married to citizens of Kazakhstan enjoy preferential conditions for acquiring nationality and for being granted permanent residence.
Our people spoke for us during that soccer event in how they embraced each other and in their diversity of many nations, consistent with the spirit of ubuntu, which simply means "I am because you are".
That's great, Now what the hell 's the matter with you guys?
193. Regarding students in higher education it is worth mentioning that in accordance with the law for the Faroese University (Fróðskaparsetur Føroya) students in need of educational help or support are entitled to an offer to this effect.
40 pages
f Reclassifications.
The racist conceives such people to be inferior.
The Board of Agriculture promotes good animal health as well as a rich and varied farming landscape with maintained biodiversity.
Particular attention should be paid to supporting women who work without pay in family enterprises and on family farms.
Migrant women who are sponsored by their husband, and whose residence status depends on him, are vulnerable to domestic violence.
- Flavia Lattanzi (Italy)
"Scoot, " he said to me with a wink, "And come and see me when you get back. "
Office of Political Affairs
48. According to several FDC ex-combatants and Government authorities, “Gen.” Luanda works closely with Gen. Ntaganda, who supplied him with financial support, weapons and ammunition through Col. Ngaruye in Masisi.
Papua New Guinea can transfer detained persons for purposes of investigations, prosecutions or judicial proceedings in line with UNCAC article 46(10-12) (ss.24, 25, 26, 32, 33, 34, MACMA).
Another outcome of the Special Committee's critical review is the resumption of dialogue with some of the administering Powers, albeit informally.
328. The view was expressed that accountability, in particular that of the Secretariat to Member States, should be more fully reflected in the programme.
This product should not be uesd as a substitute for a varied diet.
To complete upgrading of the Interim Grease Trap Waste Treatment Facility at the Western New Territories Landfill to handle the increasing intake of grease trap waste in 2000.
In an effort to consolidate lessons learned from the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, the envisaged Millennium Village Project's impact evaluation exercise and its findings will be a good input for Member States as they finalize the post-2015 development framework.
Coming up on project runway I think shiny, tight, and short is the quickest way to look cheap Welcome to the runway.
The Committee regards the follow-up dialogue as ongoing and in light of the petitioner's comments would wish to receive further information from the State party on the measures it intends to take to implement its opinion, including the granting of compensation.
Two women were surveying the other people on the platform.
" So the City mouse went.
A good dictionary will give us the connotation of a word as well as its denotation
Sometimes we just make things harder than necessary.If your unHappiness stems from a situation beyond your control then find other ways to compensate
3-6 p.m.
Lake Manych-Gudilo
Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property
However, it is regrettable that, at present, children in more than 30 countries around the world are harmed in various ways by armed conflicts.
With the support of UNDP, the University of Damascus will design and implement a career management centre that will act as a `learning laboratory' for the University in its endeavor to be more market- and customer oriented.
Bill had better see the lawyer before anyone could say he had been talked into anything.
7. Mr. Adames (Al Frente) said that, for almost a century, Puerto Rico had been treated as a state of the United States in almost every way.
The Group affirms that it is in the interests of all States that the maritime and other transportation of radioactive materials be conducted in compliance with international standards of safety, security and environmental protection and that States have under international law the obligation to protect and preserve the maritime environment.
We should not be addicted to the Internet, or we'll get our life and study destroyed.
Training programmes are foundational to the development of agrarian cooperatives and the improvement of professional skills of persons involved in organizing agrarian cooperative societies. Over the last three years, a total of 12,374 women, or 22.48 per cent of the total, have participated in these training programme.
An audacious swindler; passed counterfeit US$.
Venezuela is prepared to examine objectively the advantages and disadvantages of the various proposals made and to participate constructively in a discussion of them, without deciding in advance which form or formula will best balance our national and regional interests and those of the Organization as a whole.
It is these considerations, moreover, that explain, at least in part, the lack of detail in the rules governing interpretative declarations in the Guide to Practice.
All their souls are damned in hell's eternity.
We need you to courier this to Shanghai.
My boyfriend likes to eat dessert very much, especially chocolate cake.
The imperative of increased regional transport connectivity is widely recognized by member countries, regional and subregional organizations and institutions as a means of supporting (a) regional integration, (b) intra- and interregional trade, (c) access for landlocked and island developing countries (d) regional and international production networks (e) the opening up of markets and increased competition, and (f) increased domestic access to economic and social opportunities.
However, the cited Law does not stipulate anything with regard to Sami interests in other places traditionally inhabited by the Sami in Norway that are outside Finnmark.
He drew attention to the breakdown by programme area of projects funded by the United Nations Foundation, in annex II of the report, and noted that information on the funding of tsunami projects in 2005 would be provided in the next report of the Secretary-General.
In the event of accidents resulting from landmines, victims received assistance (compensation, employment, prosthetics).
64. The Special Rapporteur also continued to monitor the situation in China with regard to the situation in Tibet.
Many experts have underlined their concern at this troubling fact.
285. It was noted that there was no reference made to civil society in any subprogramme.
60. Mr. Albuquerque (Portugal), speaking on behalf of the European Union and the associated countries Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Turkey, welcomed the successful outcome of the Conference.
Much like with the current battery life situation Apple promised a software update that would fix the issue.
In addition, UNCTAD continued the publication of its quarterly Global Investment Trends Monitor throughout the year, which provides a timely periodic assessment of global FDI trends and prospects, and also the Investment Policy Monitor, which reports on national and international investment policies.
The region's modernization drive must proceed from the actual conditions of Tibet and take into account Tibet's history and reality.Its primary aim should be to spur the development of Tibet's productive forces and social progress, as well as the development and welfare of the people of Tibet.
The Human Rights Committee expressed concerns that in Mauritania, in direct violation of the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, homosexuality was a crime punishable by death.
The award winners, including academic, administrative and general grade staff, were honoured under four categories: Teaching, Research and Scholarly Activities, Services, and Overall Contribution.
When the user switches modes, you can switch event handlers.
But it is not merely a matter of narrow national security -- it has a new dimension.
While recognizing that no single model of cooperation will cover all eventualities, various possible modalities for co-operation were considered on the basis of the existing strengths and capabilities of the organizations. A/53/272
Satellite Engineering Support Section, Communications and Information Technology Service, Brindisi
His country was currently working on mainstreaming the Istanbul commitments into national programmes.
The launching in 2002 of the African Union and the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) would further enhance cooperation among African countries.
It has been reported that on 4 August 1998 in Brazil, four military police officers in the city of Salvador forced two transvestite sex workers to throw themselves into the sea, after having ill-treated and humiliated them.
Noting, however, that the MYFF was not intended to introduce any element of conditionality or distort programme priorities, two speakers stressed that difficulties in achieving results should not lead to a decrease in funding, rather in a reorientation of programme approaches that work.
A used-car dealer; a drug dealer.
We should work to reconcile and address all the divergent concerns and viewpoints through an honest, comprehensive, all-inclusive and transparent dialogue.
The Republic thus believes that it has given factual testimony regarding its position with respect to the illegality of any unilateral measure with extraterritorial effects.
Vassouras
Light helicopters do not come equipped with ballistic parachutes and can only survive an engine failure if it occurs at a reasonable height.
C. Extrabudgetaryb
Let us exploit the new-found unity of purpose exhibited at the Millennium Summit to undertake, in good faith, multilateral negotiations on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of an arms race in outer space and the fissile material treaty.
The authors note that they were later informed by Ashraf El Hojouj that Lieutenant-Colonel J.A.M. had threatened him that he would abduct Abeer El Hojouj and rape her in front of him if he would not sign false confessions related to the charges against him.
I want to learn how to rig the sail the next time we go boating.
Agenda item 76
HOW to fulfil expectations? INSTRUMENTS
Natural hazards therefore include events such as the following:
The model is the Information Technology Agreement signed in 1996, which set zero tariffs on new technology goods for countries that signed on.
82. Burkina Faso has adopted a new national policy on human rights and the promotion of civic responsibility and a related action plan.
It would also be necessary to investigate whether simplified incorporation would have the same effect on micro-businesses and on small and medium-sized enterprises.
48. The system of anonymous or "faceless" military judges and prosecutors has been heavily criticized by the Human Rights Committee, the Committee against Torture, the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, and others.
Timely and effective cooperation on security-related matters will also enable the resumption of patrolling in the Kodori Valley, which remains an essential part of UNOMIG's mandate.
 "The Security Council reminds the parties that the successful implementation of the Basic Agreement requires the respect by them of the highest level of internationally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Outcome/result (if any)
She was studying the effects of lunar cycles on the toads'behaviour and reproduction.
173. The decree provides for the creation of a reconciliation unit and entrusts the Walloon Institute for Assessment, Forecasting and Statistics (IWEPS) with coordinating, collecting and disseminating, without indicating the source, any surveys, analyses or information related to equality treatment; and with systematically reporting to the Government on developments regarding the combat against discrimination.
64. By the request contained in Assembly resolution 53/221, it was understood that the Assembly wished to ascertain whether racial discrimination existed as a systemic problem, from the point of recruitment throughout the career of staff.
11. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly at its sixty-eighth session, through the Commission for Social Development and the Economic and Social Council, on the implementation of the present resolution, including a description of the state of preparation for the observance of the twentieth anniversary of the International Year of the Family at all levels;
Where the investor has obtained 25% of a listed company and claimed the shareholding no less than 25% within 10 years, the Ministry of Commerce shall note "foreign-invested joint-stock company no lea than 25% of A-shares acquisition and merger" in the approval certificate issued for foreign-invested company.". Article 18 The listed company shall, within 30 days after the signature and issuing of approval certificate of foreign-invested enterprises, apply to the administrative authorities of industry and commerce for the registration for altering company type and submit the following documents:
30. The Committee urges the State party to accelerate and ensure equal opportunities for women and men in the labour market through, inter alia, temporary special measures in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention and general recommendation No. 25.
I know. So am I.
(b) Representative of an observer State: Canada.
2. Save the Children- Romania (SC-R) recommended that Romania establish an Ombudsman for Children.
In recent years, this issue has deeply divided Member States. They have disagreed about whether States have the right to use military force pre-emptively, to defend themselves against imminent threats; whether they have the right to use it preventively to defend themselves against latent or non-imminent threats; and whether they have the right -- or perhaps the obligation -- to use it protectively to rescue the citizens of other States from genocide or comparable crimes.
112. The United Nations Board of Auditors carries out an annual audit of the Pension Fund and reports to the Pension Board on the audit every year.
A large percentage of them monitor the family situation of their employees, make problems after their return from parental leave or have prejudices against employees who are mothers.
31. Special rapporteurs of the Human Rights Council highlighted the vulnerability of women migrant workers to violence.
(b) Increased number of United Nations activities, projects and common country programming documents that further integrate all human rights
To meet these requirements of concrete, in this paper authors mixed clay concrete by using clay as addition and air-entraining admixture.
Further, it was suggested that the debate on the annual theme could be the core of a coherent process where Member States set the agenda for debate and the direction of the work to be undertaken by UNHCR over the year.
Who dumped USA after all?
The transverse strength was significantly influenced by water sorption.
59. Increased participation of women in human rights activities can be an effective way to improve attention to women's rights.
137. These difficulties explain the main shortcomings recorded by our country in the spheres of education, health, employment and child labour.
GRULAC countries expressed strong support for the BIOTRADE initiative.
Countries providing military observers (as at 31 March 2003) Country
In turn, intercultural education should encourage learning between and about different cultures in support of peace, human rights and fundamental freedoms, democracy, justice, liberty, coexistence and diversity.
With its deeds the Armenian side misleads no one but its own society.
We take the opportunity to emphasize again that we will do our best to supply the information your party needed at any moment
Are you puiiing my ieg?
75. On partnerships, it was noted that while the country programme strategy reflected the diversity of implementation partners, the country note did not highlight the role of the central and local governments.
My country considers that broader measures are essential to prevent the devastating effects of certain types of munitions, including submunitions, on civilian populations and national development.
And what he needs most of all is a word of ripe wisdom from you.
On a recent day , Mister Lehmann wrote about a project he had just learned about.
36. Germany reported that it did not set a limit on contributions. Instead, the law required transparency and reporting obligations, such as detailed identification on the source of contributions above a certain threshold amount.
: Photo Finish ACT I What are you doing?
835. The Committee expresses its concern that although the State party has imposed a provisional moratorium on intercountry adoptions pending the approval of legislation on this subject, no law has yet been passed; it is gravely concerned at alleged trafficking in children in violation of the provisions and principles of the Convention, particularly articles 3, 21 and 35.
There is a larger story and we have a role to play in it.
III. Cash available (I less II)
He began to feel the danger of paying Elizeabeth too much attention.
I have an account at the Tokyo Mitsubishi bank.
This has made Hong Kong a smaller listing destination than Shanghai and Shenzhen in terms of amount of funds raised.
You both get dirty, and the pig likes it.
The goal is to enhance the MoWD and the Provincial WDDs in mainstreaming gender into the Government of Pakistan's policies, plans, projects and programs in priority areas of the National Plan of Action and the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper.
The State party should take the necessary legislative and administrative measures to ensure that any statement that is found to have been made as a result of torture may not be directly or indirectly invoked as evidence in proceedings, in accordance with article 15 of the Convention.
Bank stocks in Europe and the UK fell sharply and the risk of owning their debt leapt yesterday after the European Central Bank unveiled a crackdown on abuses of its bank liquidity operations.
Yr. 1 Yr. 2 Yr. 3
The selected areas are environmental monitoring, natural resource management, satellite communications for tele-education and telemedicine applications, disaster risk reduction, the use of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS), the Basic Space Science Initiative, space law, climate change, the Basic Space Technology Initiative and the Human Space Technology Initiative.
Israel, while commending the Tongan Government on its awareness of gender equality and recognizing that there is a ministerial portfolio to that effect, remains concerned about the discriminatory nature of inheritance laws as applied to women, especially regarding land ownership.
Investment in renewable sources of energy would expedite the efforts of the least developed countries to eradicate poverty and ensure sustainable development.
The executive heads of the United Nations system organizations, taking into account international labour principles, should review their policies regarding the use of non-staff personnel with a view to clarifying the criteria for choosing between staff and non-staff contractual modalities, and should monitor and assess the use of non-staff personnel in their organizations to detect and address risks in a timely manner.
:: Using aid effectiveness as a means of stemming the decline in official development assistance and, through concerted advocacy for Africa, reverse the trend;
Despite the enormous difficulties that had been encountered in the development and installation of the system, and although the Organization might still have to face further problems, the completion of the project was in sight and IMIS was already being used for many administrative functions.
While the July 7 eclipse might highlight a relationship, it could be about just about anything.
Once the imaged circular points of a projective plane are identified, then projective distortion may be rectified up to a similarity.
3. Right of peoples to self-determination [63]
(c) Related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/65/743/Add.9).
(e) Report of the Secretary-General (Commission resolution 2003/86, para. 45 (a)).
8.8 The State party indicates that the above-mentioned limitation does not impair the very essence of the authors' right to an effective judicial protection.
Those must apply without discrimination.
It was anticipated that the remaining construction and engineering work would be carried out using either local contractors, in-house capacity or UNOPS.
'This demonstrates that the six-party principle of 'action for action' is working.
We will also need to give ongoing attention to other cross-cutting threats to international peace and security, such as piracy, the proliferation of weapons, drug trafficking and transnational organized crime.
One half of all Kenyans now live below the poverty line; most cannot afford basic services.
i can make a bed but thank you.
A situational analysis was undertaken in June of that year in an effort to obtain an in-depth picture of the sociocultural, economic and political impacts of HIV on the country.
The national strategies approach has been developed from existing instruments for statistical assessment and improvement (such as the International Monetary Fund (IMF) General Data Dissemination Strategy (GDDS) and Data Quality Assessment Framework (DQAF)), incorporates lessons learned from the development of poverty reduction strategies, and follows best practice in organizational development and management.
It welcomed the satisfactory continuation of the humanitarian activities of the Committee on Missing Persons and the positive role the parties played in the opening of new crossing points that could improve overall trust between the communities.
i just got chills when you said that.
:: The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft;
We can theorise, but we do not actually know.
Available at the date of this glossary at http://ec.europa.eu/internal_market/publicprocurement/docs/explan-notes/classic-dir-framework_en.pdf.
Snow and cold wave hit many countries worldwide.
SQL> create table test_time (col_time timestamp);
Vaphio
Delegations recommended that periodic rehearsals be carried out to allow troops to familiarize themselves with the workings of inter-mission cooperation.
The meeting rose at 10.30 a.m.
Panama
Between 19992007 CZK 2.422 billion have been distributed from the Investment Foundation amongst seventythree Foundations.
380. The Committee welcomes the submission of the State's party second periodic report, which followed the established guidelines.
Objects with pointed or sharp edges or of a hazardous nature (such as inflammable or corrosive materials) should be separately packed and disposed of. Refuse like newspapers, plastics, metal cans and glass bottles should as far as possible be separated from other kinds of rubbish for recycling.
(a) Promoting the wider use of debt-for-nature swaps, which involve non-governmental organizations’ buying developing country debt at a discount from creditor banks in return for the debtor country’s agreeing to invest a similar sum of local currency in environmental protection projects;
Non-governmental women’s organizations have contributed to the drafting of the national development framework and have established a forum for civil society groups on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action.
Developing countries must follow that lead and take measures with their support and assistance.
The Panel is reviewing the information provided and will submit its assessment to the Committee.
There is a way, Malcolm.
Decision-making -- General Assembly, Security Council and committees
Page Summary of key global commitments to children
Mr. Anthony Hill (Jamaica)
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and
(d) To transfer chemical weapons directly or indirectly to any person;
Maldives
When crimes were committed in the presence of Police, arrests were made.
So, did you break up with jason before you left wizard of ox land?
40. Activities in technical cooperation among developing countries have also spread to non-traditional areas: in designing its ombudsman system, Peru drew on Guatemala's experience with its Peace Commission (which had helped to bring its long-standing civil war to an end), and on South Africa's use of a post-apartheid truth commission.
In this regard, donor and disaster-prone Governments, together with the United Nations system and its partners, can collectively play a critical role in addressing these issues, improving the management of disasters and ultimately saving lives.
(c) Requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to provide all the necessary human and financial resources for the effective fulfilment of the mandate of the independent expert;
Consolidated appeals, with appropriate plans of operation, should be a key component of a comprehensive strategy that meets immediate humanitarian needs, is compatible with longer-term rehabilitation and development requirements and addresses root causes.
In considering paragraphs 35 to 38 of document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.117, it was observed that the development of the Unidroit Principles on Close-Out Netting had led to there being some inconsistency with recommendations 101 to 107 of the Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law and some concern was raised that the Legislative Guide no longer reflected best practice.
52. The periodicity of country, Collaborative Partnership on Forests members and major groups reporting to the Forum, as well as the content of their reports submitted to Forum sessions, are determined by the Forum's multi-year programme of work.
There are some basic rules one must follow in order to blend quickly and to earn the respect of co-workers and managers alike:
Stop your hair from rising by using a natural bristle hairbrush or rubber comb.
9. Calls upon States to apply individual criminal responsibility and to refrain from detaining persons based solely on their family ties with an alleged offender;
We recommend that the General Assembly call upon the international community to support the initiative by African leaders for a New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which was adopted by the Organization of African Unity in Lusaka in July of this year.
United States of America
Some habits are rational to acquire.
3−6 p.m. 5th meeting Conference Room 4
Summary record of the 14th meeting
(a) Universalizing the Convention;
Mexico is convinced that, when dealing with issues in which the security interests of each and every State are at stake, the rule of consensus guarantees that everyone's interests will be safeguarded in the context of specific substantive negotiations.
Public awareness was among the priorities highlighted at the UN meeting.
The organization is a global multidisciplinary organization aiming to improve the quality of life of persons who may benefit from prosthetic, orthotic, mobility and assistive devices.
How will decisions be reached?
"Voodoo priest."  Fraud. Failure.
Im calling to confirm our luncheon appointment.
UNDP
Local experiences gathered permit UNCDF to provide evidence-based policy advice to support national governments in their efforts to launch decentralization strategies.
The General Assembly proceeded to take action on draft resolutions I to VII recommended by the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) in paragraph 26 of its report (A/68/433), as follows:
The situation is similar at the university level The number of graduates grows steadily among both men and women, but disparities between the sexes are not diminishing and career path choices are still closely linked to the student's sex: in technical and scientific courses of study, women remain distinctly under-represented.
We can now consider the image of Western delegations heading to emerging countries to plead, cap in hand, for financial support, both direct and through the IMF.
25. Savings of $1,544,800 for helicopter operations resulted from reduced flying hours coupled with reduced rates in connection with the change in contractors on four occasions during the period.
Strip mining devastates whole regions, leaving bare and useless ground.
Provisional agenda for the 7175th meeting of the Security Council
inner tepals ovate, unequal, 7-8 mm in diam. , prominently reticulated-veined, margin undulate.
I. Introduction
Both programmes were supported by the Cuban Government. 73. The inclusion of native languages in these programmes helps to strengthen the cultural identity of participants and to develop those languages. Educational material is produced in coordination with the Native Peoples' Education Councils.
404. The Committee is concerned about the insufficient measures taken to make the principles and provisions of the Convention widely known to adults and children alike, in conformity with article 42.
You're not supposed to peek, dick.
Mantle slammed his third round - tripper of the day 21 st of the season.
So, in truth, they're dying out there?
Internet censorship in Cuba
106. Our understanding of the social and psychological forces at work during mass demonstrations has grown over the years.
He heads up Intrepus Pharmaceutical research division.
Some shanty town areas had been selected as pilot projects; the local populace had been included in the decision-making process and their suggestions had been incorporated into the initial plan.
Despite the large budgetary resources devoted to these programmes, surveys reveal that many firms are generally dissatisfied with support services and many are not even aware of the existence of these programmes.
At the same meeting, the President reported the results of the consultations undertaken by Mr. Mugurusi on the elections for the facilitative and enforcement branches of the Compliance Committee.
However, such a system would need to be transparent.
The Department should therefore take steps to enhance cooperation and collaboration with national and/or local law enforcement agencies in all locations and report on progress achieved in the context of section 34 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013.
Aside from abandoning the “one-child” policy, China could avoid this outcome by climbing the value chain in manufacturing and services, as Hong Kong, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan have done.
Nokia 3.1
Consequently, the biological weapons group was transferred to the Forensic Research Department of the Technical Research Centre at Salman Pak in mid-1987.
Ad Hoc Committee on a Comprehensive and Integral International Convention on Protection and Promotion of the Rights and Dignity of Persons with Disabilities (A/C.5/58/25, A/58/7/Add.21, A/58/650)
(d) To continue efforts to monitor closely the strict implementation, as applicable to ESCAP, of General Assembly resolution 61/266;
Evaporation is a strong positive feedback in the atmosphere.
'When I scatter the Egyptians among the nations and disperse them among the lands, then they will know that I am the Lord.'"
It further mentions in paragraph 14 that the 1996 proposal for an "Act Prohibiting Discriminatory Practices in the Republic of Chad" has not yet been reviewed.
9 Ibid., para. 17.
Any day except Wednesday will be fine.
74. Voluntary associations must register with the State no more than two months after they have been established.
Indicative Professional salary costs applicable to the relevant duty station have been used for the budget proposals.
As a member of the Organizational Committee in 2012, his delegation would make every effort to implement the road map.
The LORD possessed me in the beginning of his way, before his works of old.
47. Serious and sustained interventions towards collaborative leadership development and decision-making for former antagonists are a sine qua non with respect to creating a conducive environment for negotiating the optimal nonconflictual structural foundations upon which governance systems can be built.
892. The average enrolment for the last 11 academic years, from SY 1994-1995 to SY 20042005, is 2,256,248.
'the man said through his teeth.
The government has  taken  a lot of stick from the press recently.
7. The ninth session of the Board is scheduled to take place in Geneva at OHCHR, Palais Wilson, from 26 to 30 January 2004.
(b) UNCTAD's views on the topics;
34. Amendments to Criminal Code in 2013, provided the solution to the issue of internal trafficking.
Similarly, about 1 million people die from smoking-related causes every year, statistics from Ministry of Health have showed.
Current cooperation at the working level should be pursued with renewed vigour.
VII. Coordination
AOC's claim 14
4. Category (b).
1998-2000 Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the State of Kuwait Diplomatic Attaché -- Arab World Department -- Arab League Section
Letters of credit due to expire in 2006-2007
The consequences in relation to armed robbery -- a capital offence in Nigeria -- have been devastating.
I do. I am a sherman oaksian and I am Going home for as to reclaim my home.
On 10 December a joint press release was issued to commemorate International Human Rights Day.
A non-governmental organisation noted that funds for activities in developing countries were not adequate, predictable and disbursed in a timely manner and that the project approval process was lengthy.
The punishment provided for unlawful activity is imprisonment up to seven years and fine.
Do you like sports shoes?
Total, part IX
Drug abuse continued to increase in many parts of the world, plant-based drugs such as heroin, cocaine and cannabis being particularly prevalent.
 6. Many delegations had suggested that 1996 would be the most appropriate time for convening such a conference.
64. Abdel Kareem Hosni Al-Aww
I strongly urge Member States to take effective national and international action to prevent violations of the arms embargo and the illegal exploitation of the natural resources of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
She is quite vocal about her love for Manchester United and has performed for the club on a few occasions.
In particular, General Assembly resolution 64/230 requested the Secretary-General "to maintain and intensify those efforts, including the strengthening of cooperation with institutions that train language specialists, in order to meet the need in the six official languages of the United Nations".
5. Supplies and equipment
There are men who could ruin themselves and get nowhere with us; there are others who can have us for a bunch of flowers
Electricity is managed by the National Electric Corporation, which was responsible for a blackout in April that left over half of the country without power.
Dalit Freedom Network
Entomocorus gameroi
De-icing and aircraft towing equipment
C. Action taken
Pierre looked at Prince Andrey, and, noticing that his friend did not like this subject, made no reply.
Thank you to all of those that i missed, not that i forgot , but there is just too much of you!
MTSP programme indicators - Immunization "plus" Indicator
I do not care about your hand. Ah!
Implementation.
In apparent retaliation, about 150 armed villagers from Kalaka attacked the village of Defeis.
21. The electoral system at the national and regional elections is based on a proportional representational system introduced in colonial times.
One of his BEST novels, Of Mice and Men, was published in 1937. It is a story of two homeless and wandering farm workers.
Vacancy
Raping a virgin was an especially serious crime.
Indeed, Europe has only five scientific researchers per 1000 inhabitants, compared to eight in the US and nine in Japan.
In our view, this is a significant contribution to the development and consolidation of the nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Ministry of the Interior states that so far no assets have been frozen, seized, or confiscated in connection with the financing of terrorism in the Czech Republic in any action coordinated by the Ministry.
She stressed that UNDP was ready to live up to Board members' expectations but could only do so with their full support, in particular in developing a relevant and effective strategic plan buttressed by a strong accountability framework.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the tenth emergency special session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 5, and of the Security Council.
Even excluding ECM, China accounts for four of the top 10 emerging market investment banks by revenues.
Unlike in previous years, when it was a by-product of other operations, cobalt is now being manufactured separately as new end-use applications have emerged and the commodity price has continued to increase.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
20 December 2013
In 2011 and 2012, the Statistical Information and Monitoring Programme's technical assistance, often with accompanying financial support, supported 25 ongoing national child labour surveys at various stages of implementation in Albania and Tajikistan in Central Europe; Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Madagascar, Sierra Leone, Uganda and Zambia in Africa; Bangladesh, Cambodia, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Mongolia, the Philippines and Viet Nam in Asia; Egypt and Yemen in the Arab countries; and Chile, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay and Uruguay in Latin America.
It's easy tomake mistakes when you are fatigue.
This suggests that the hole developed in adulthood, he said, although scientists aren't sure what the hole's function might have been.
At the national level, awareness-raising and community-mobilization efforts within communities are frequently carried out by local civil society organizations, including non-governmental organizations.
Pleased to meet you
Hearing aids
Mirror's Edge
Lastly, the concept of the "highest attainable standard" of health had often been used as a pretext to limit the provision of health care to countries and individuals.
11. UNIFEM supports efforts to enhance women's economic security and rights through programmes that strengthen the gender-equality dimensions of macro-economic policies, including national development frameworks; increase financing of gender equality commitments in poverty reduction and Millennium Development Goals strategies; enable women to enhance their rights in specific sectors of the formal and informal economy and to have equitable access to productive assets.
201. On 18 July 2011, the Court made its order on the request for the indication of provisional measures submitted by Cambodia.
509. The Committee urges the State party to take effective measures to combat the inflow and consumption of illicit drugs and to provide adequate treatment and rehabilitation for drug users.
In the myth, Bellerophon was a prince who killed the Chimera, the monster with the head of a lion and the tail of a 26)serpent who plagued the ancient world.
In 1969 John Wallace Spencer wrote a book called Limbo of the Lost specifically about the triangle.
The innovative drug policy of Portugal, founded on values of humanism and participation, was noteworthy.
English is his mother tongue.
Shiga Prefecture
It could not have been a live serpent or it would have portrayed Christ as being full of the venom of sin.
I like to think that I make the most of my camera: I take plenty of photographs and don't really discriminate between taking 'artistic' shots and taking a snapshot of a car's license plate.
6.To be successful, you must be daring, be first and be different.
Then he ran up the nose of the lion, awakening the great beast from his sleep.
1805 Dirikis
4. Ms. Loza (Nicaragua) said that her Government strongly condemned the failed coup d'état against Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, which had affected all of Latin America, and welcomed the fact that steps had already been taken to prosecute the perpetrators and thus ensure that such events would not occur in the future.
I used to stare up at the sky on my camping trips.
Data Integrity: The means used to prove that information has not been modified by a third party while in transit.
We also support the objective of the draft resolution: that the Treaty provide an opportunity to operationalize the joint determination of the two sponsors to work together, and with other nations and international organizations, to promote peace and economic well-being throughout the world.
5. Sanctions regimes with regard to individuals should ensure that the selection of such individuals and entities for listing is based on fair and clear procedures, and that regular reviews of names on the list are conducted and to ensure, to the degree possible, maximum specificity in identifying individuals and entities to be targeted; and to ensure also that fair and clear procedures for delisting exist early in sanctions regimes.
Research on the Legislation of Maritime Criminal Law Relating to the Seaman.
For the one vacant seat from among the Latin America and Caribbean States, there are two candidates, namely, Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic.
Among the regions, only Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States had a sizeable increase in third-party cost-sharing expenditure, 53 per cent from $28 million in 1999 to $43 million in 2000.
The negative or less-than-optimal utilization of that potential could have a corrosive effect on the progress of that society.
Staff to set up the programme and work with Committee members as "guides and trainers" were provided by the Mumbai Educational Trust of Mumbai, India, which provided a two-month sponsorship for nine of its top technical students to work with the Non-Governmental Organizations Section and the Committee.
Introduction A Whereas the most important holiday in China is Spring Festival (also known as the Chinese New Year), America's most popular holiday is Christmas.
The mission of Vida y Familia de Guadalajara is to protect life by supporting pregnant women in stressful circumstances as well as the children entrusted to its institution.
The Swedish practice of naming and shaming is quite un-Dutch.
Whats more, you may have relationships with these graduates, who are likely to help you in future. In other words, you are to be exposed to opportunities
(I don't want to get engaged yet.I don't think we should get engaged yet
Would you be strong, then I can correct you the might to overpower any foe.
UNICEF in Oman and the Sudan supported civil society partners and religious leaders from these countries in supporting the call to end female genital mutilation/cutting, while UNICEF in Senegal facilitated the exchange of ideas and experience among West African countries for developing a coordinated subregional strategy for ending female genital mutilation/cutting.
pursuant to resolution 864 (1993) concerning the
Such efforts are undertaken within the framework of advancing regional cooperation for economic and social development.
In particular, funds allocated to military budgets should be used for social purposes with a view to improving the lot of the disadvantaged and thus reaping the so-called "peace dividend".
During the opera the friend's wife talked all the time.
Executive Board
Article 290 Where people are gathered to disturb public order to such a serious extent that work in general, production, business operation, teaching or scientific research cannot go on and heavy losses are caused, the ringleaders shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years but not more than seven years; the active participants shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years, criminal detention, public surveillance or deprivation of political rights.
The king was so frightened that he consented, and the old woman led him to her cottage, where her daughter was sitting by the fire
Owing to the dedication of its past and current members, the Committee now occupied a central position in the international human rights arena and within the United Nations system.
“This large middle class will create rapidly growing markets for international products and services, and become a force in domestic politics,” the authors say.
Conclusions on 2nd public consultation on Companies Ordinance rewrite
The following intergovernmental organizations were represented: International Energy Agency Clean Coal Centre and World Organization for Animal Health.
Last week, General James Jones, NATO's top operational commander, said the current force is about 15 percent under strength.
The State party provides details of the rehabilitation assistance received by the author during his numerous terms of imprisonment, including specialized rehabilitation programmes for child sex offenders and one to one psychological counselling.
The position was given to the cicada, whose first decision was to cicada, buy a carpet and an ergonomic chair for his office.
60. The group noted that efforts to empower poor people are likely to create local conflicts to the extent that the community consists of different groups with competing interests.
But the girl next door loaned me her typewriter; she really saved my skin.
(e) Subprogramme 5. Least developed, landlocked and island developing countries: $341,600
Other training activities included such topics as internal control standards, procurement audits, use of technologies in audit and effective audit presentation.
Without what got a wooden, as people often guess not old years.
According to the physics and mathematics model of two-dimensional unsteady heat conduction, we wrote the visualization software.
It agreed that public sector reporting should be an important part of the Capacity-Building Framework (CBF) and the Questionnaire, but added that further work and discussions would be needed in order to include it into the document at a later stage.
They are raising funds for the expedition.
C. Text of the draft articles on the Protection of persons in the event of disasters provisionally adopted so far by the Commission
In particular, the Chairman appealed to Annex I Parties to make every effort to increase the level of agreement among themselves on the key issues of QELROs and policies and measures.
In paragraph 8, line 4, the words “of the Mattignon and Nouméa Accords” should be replaced with the words “of the Nouméa Accord”.
The Board recognizes that many of the problems related to the introduction of IMIS.
29. In accordance with the authority vested in it by the Executive Committee, the Standing Committee in 2004 adopted two decisions on matters included in its programme of work.
 We are heartened by the new possibilities of concluding a treaty on inter-State relations between our two countries.
UNCTAD's technical assistance was useful with regard to decreasing transit costs and facing up to infrastructural shortages and institutional bottlenecks.
International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance
72. Stresses the importance of taking forward investigations to consider the links between criminal trials, police violence and criminal penalties, on the one hand, and racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, on the other, with a view to taking the measures required to eradicate those links and discriminatory practices;
101. The agreements attach special importance to the commitments promoting the decentralization of the State and the institutionalization of social participation in State decision-making bodies.
Article 327 Where a State-owned museum, library or other institution sells or presents as gifts without permission any cultural relics in its collection, which is under State protection, to any non-State-owned institution or individual, it shall be fined, and the persons who are directly in charge and the other persons who are directly responsible for the offence shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention.
Give your friend the benefit of the doubt. It's easy to assume the worst.
A self - reinforcing sweet spot.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
3.1.2 Adoption of a gender mainstreaming policy by the Government of Southern Sudan
Redeployed from the Personnel Section
The Director pointed to the importance the High Commissioner placed on the reintegration issue for the Office and referred to the draft conclusions currently being circulated to the Executive Committee Members for consideration during the forty-ninth plenary session of the Executive Committee.
Chinese analysts fear the prospect of greater pressure to let the country's currency appreciate, even though the yuan has already gained more than 20% against the dollar since mid-2005, as well as possible limits on its exports to the U.S. at a time when China's low-cost manufacturers are already suffering.
It noted the important allocation of resources from its general budget for health care.
Oman commended the Saudi Arabian initiative to establish UNCCT.
You nearly ran into the bus.
The studies contributed to growing international acceptance of such a system.
Harry and Ron turn back and see Dumbledore regarding them gravely.
A site definition is a concise, objective one - sentence statement explaining what a site does.
Various Panels have previously determined that the threats against Saudi Arabia meet the requirements of paragraph 21(a) of Governing Council decision 7 (S/AC.26/1991/7) (which provides guidance on "directness") given that these threats were sufficiently credible and serious, and were intimately connected to the relevant military operations.
10 May 1993a
According to the newspaper, Sally  has quit her job.
You need a license to hunt game in this area.
40. Iceland
Organization of work including that of any subsidiary bodies of the Conference
We also emphasize the importance of early and full implementation of the 2001 United Nations Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects.
"We're looking to launch an infrastructure fund with a couple of big partners, investing in opportunities in India," he adds.
He is going to buy a dictionary.
It is needless to add that you are in want of a second.
Meanwhile, along with the formation of the state omni-directional, multi-level and wide-ranging opening pattern, ethnic minority areas have brought into full play their respective advantages of lying along the coasts, the rivers and the country's borders to actively develop border trade and foreign economic and technological cooperation; and their opening to the outside world has entered a new stage.
The family also provided photographs taken following the victim=s death that show bruises on his body.
I haven't forgotten anything except my money.
Disadvantages included the unavailability of criminal measures such as search and seizure and the high costs of foreign civil proceedings.
I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste.
Okay? have a great night.
A pragmatic economic principle is at work: a debt that cannot be paid, will not be.
Things live by moving and gain strength as they go.
336. In addition, article 122 (2) of the Basic Law stipulates that all students enjoy freedom of choice over educational institutions and freedom to pursue their education outside the Region.
Treaty on the South-East Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone (Bangkok Treaty)
8. Calls upon States that have not yet done so to consider becoming parties to the instruments relevant to the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives;
It exciudes the deleterious substance, even if in heating or burning conditions.
You listen to me, okay? it's done.
With regard to financing adjustment, assess the impact of conditionality on development during the 1990s.
When the communication was submitted, on 9 March 2010, no judgement had been made regarding his possible criminal liability, as the proceedings were at the stage of the preliminary hearing.
(ii) Matadi: one General Service (Other level) (Administrative Assistant) and one national General Service staff (Administrative Clerks);
For example, the California Legal Rural Assistance, a United States organization that gives legal services to migrant farm workers, provides a monthly “Dia del Trabajador” (Day for the Worker).
10. Abdel Kareem Ahmad Al-Helou
The representatives of El Salvador, Togo, Viet Nam, Grenada and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The ISF allows the mission and UNCT to also: prioritize and sequence agreed elements: facilitate an appropriate shift in priorities and/or resources: and regularly take stock.
Nevertheless, although Myanmar has sought assistance with regard to some bills and has recently published bills in the media that are to be considered by the parliament, there remains no clear and comprehensive strategy for legislative reform, resulting in a somewhat ad hoc and uncoordinated process.
20. Piracy trials in "Puntland" are heard in the assize courts, which are the courts of first instance and comprise a bench of three judges.
I'm only trying to turn you into a lady.
These national youth structures serve to engage youth in issues pertaining to the environment and development.
We hope that active discussion on this issue will continue.
8 October 1999a
We underscore the need to do more to ensure the safety and security of women and girls, particularly during conflict situations and in their aftermath.
Minister of Commerce, Acting "Governor" of Bosasso
The long process of the privatization of SNEC has aimed at the creation of a dual structure, consisting of the public asset-holding company CAMWATER, responsible for infrastructure investment, and the concessionaire Cameroon Water Company (CDE), constituting the new interface with customers.
Give an allowance or institute a chore reward system.
- 23 January 2002;
21.140 The amount of $4,566,700, reflecting a decrease of $189,700, provides for the costs of 17 posts (1 D-1, 1 P-5, 3 P-4, 4 P-3, 3 P-2, 5 Local level) ($4,297,300); and non-post requirements ($269,400).
Others said , " If China offers armed resistance, she is sure to become another Abyssinia. "
The Senior Research Coordinator, Research Section, Technical Services Branch of UNDCP, summarized the findings of the first Expert Meeting on Amphetamine-type Stimulants that had led to the revised version of the global review, which was before the current Expert Meeting as a background document.
In addition, UNICEF has supported training of teachers and master trainers of the Ministry of Education and has worked to integrate risk education in school curricula and textbooks.
Should you have any queries, please contact the Local Transportation Team at 212 963 5585/9182.
D. Operational risk
Afghanistan thanked UNIDO for the importance that it attached to assisting the LDCs and countries emerging from crisis situations.
19. She pointed out that, unlike other African countries which had taken vigorous action to combat excision, Mali appeared to be moving very hesitantly.
In that regard, a series of meetings have been held between the Liberian and Ivorian police, customs and immigration personnel, together with UNMIL and UNOCI.
It was caused by the reluctance of the Moroccan side to agree to the holding of a referendum on self-determination in Western Sahara with all the necessary democratic guarantees.
The expert from Ernst and Young also said that different Ernst and Young chapters conducted zero-cost direct support to entrepreneurship projects in developing countries.
All of these factors have created enormous difficulties for comprehensive preventive vaccination against the disease, so that it is likely to appear in Iraq in the form of a widespread epidemic if urgent measures are not taken to remedy the present situation.
Togo
With its intuitive and easy-to-navigate interface supporting the six official United Nations languages, the knowledge base provides access to rich reference and primary source materials on public administration, including the following:
Such measures should not be taken without involving the parties concerned, particularly since the Sudan had signed on 7 April 2000, a Tripartite Agreement with Eritrea and UNHCR (A/55/471, para. 4) which had raised hopes for the return of the Eritrean refugees.
Hardy also said Sandy should not allow the parent-child roles to blur
Written submission from Professor YUEN Kwok-yung, JP, Chair of Infectious Diseases and Head of Microbiology, Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong
Executive staff, directors or chairmen of companies and their professional advisers, accounted for 52% of the defendants charged by the ICAC in completed private sector cases in 2002.
28. He welcomed the report of the Secretary-General on building institutions (A/60/322), as evidence suggested that weak institutions were in some measure responsible for the poor economic performance of the developing countries.
5.8 The War Veterans Allowance is an income-tied allowance aimed at assisting Canadian veterans who are incapable of maintaining themselves economically.
1. Opening of the session.
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 3rd meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
Belize
The highest peak of earthquake at September corresponds to the typhoon season in Japan.
It is heartening to note that much has been achieved since the adoption of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS in 2001.
(c) The Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, in 2006;
"3. Recommends that all States give due consideration to the Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation, in view of the desirability of uniformity of the law of dispute settlement procedures and the specific needs of international commercial conciliation or mediation practice."
16. Also stresses the need for resolving the problem of Palestine refugees in conformity with its resolution 194 (III) of 11 December 1948;
:: Deployment of correction officers and prison directors
Indeed, there are countries that establish "reparation" programmes that provide benefits to victims but, at the same time, try, by different means, to deny or limit responsibility.
he was in shock obviously, butsoon he regained calm.
The United Kingdom's own experience in Afghanistan, as the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) lead nation, working with the United Nations, shows what can be done; but we all know that much more needs to be done.
Phased training in rules for epidemiological surveillance in all areas of health, according to risk and damage priority;
8. For example, United Nations personnel and peacekeeping troops have been involved in trafficking and sexual exploitation of women.
Would she offer help to me
Having heard the comments made during the fifty-second session of the Commission,
Attendance
These considerations should now be equally central to all present and future actions aimed at securing a world free of nuclear weapons.
“The article does not, of course, restrict the right of civilians to move about freely within the country, subject to any restrictions that may be imposed by the circumstances, or to go abroad”. / See ICRC, Commentary on the Additional Protocols of 8 June 1977 to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, 1987, p. 1472.
Reduced pre- and post-harvest food losses, longer storage life
Moreover, the Committee notes that, since Iran is not a party to the Convention, the complainant would be deprived of the legal option of recourse to the Committee for protection of any kind.
Her father came & scolded her for throwing the stones at the cow & then told to her that cows are like mothers to them & should be respected.
Seven weeks or 50 after Passover the time when Jesus rose from the dead.
The ILO notes that child labor is decreasing worldwide, but at a much slower rate than four years ago.
There was more to this than not having a seat on the bench.
3.2.2. The Commission discourages the use of any approximation to the above exact definition.
To attain optimum solutions for all parties involved by interacting regularly with the constituencies of UNIDO, either individually or in groups, through:
But the Convention had serious flaws: humanitarian, development and other non-peacekeeping operations were covered only through a declaration of exceptional risk.
The Council operates as a national civil society organization, open to all young people in Croatia between the ages of 15 and 29.
As for the weapons, without making a distinction between Palestinian arms present inside refugee camps and those outside, the document stipulates that all arms carried by various Palestinian factions must be subject to Lebanese laws and must not be used in any inter-Lebanese conflict.
B. Crime
They live the putrefaction, the government country are incompetent, cruelly harmthecommon people are actually in the extreme.
Boththe jumper and moviemaker hope, that the movie will be somewhere under10 minutes long.
Those European and North American young then return to their respective coasts to begin the unusual life cycle of the eel anew.
Some frontier-market economies are riding high commodity prices -- particularly many African markets, where oil is fueling growth in places like Nigeria and Ghana.
VWO: Preuniversity education
The very anarchy of the worldwide net development is evidence of its potential.
Completed
They will do per your request then send the report back.
Human Rights
Poland
E/CN.15/2002/L.10/Rev.2
One of the first objectives is to provide protection to victims suffering damage.
I am determined to do more exercise and care my own health cautiously which will not be harmed or ignored, in orde to make it the solid foundation to success.4.
It was removed due to removal from the user profile, possibly on another machine.
As  far as we are concerned you can go whenever you want.
After an initial trial period, the proposed web site will be in widespread use among agencies seeking to disseminate information on their work in the field of trade facilitation, as well as to exchange ideas and studies in support of inter-agency collaborative initiatives.
Advocacy for humanitarian principles through direct contact and negotiations with the parties to the conflict
Some developing countries may choose to devote resources to basic educational and literacy requirements and rely on on-the-job training and apprenticeships to develop more advanced skills in the labour force.
That object has a human shape.
Step two: Harvest the lessons of the past; just dig, pick, and hoe.
This joint work plan aims at facilitating the mainstreaming of women’s rights by reflecting it in all aspects of work under way and by identifying where obstacles exist and areas for further collaboration between both secretariats.
Authorized the expansion of MONUC to consist of up to 8,700 military personnel, principally comprised of two task forces, the second task force to be deployed when the Secretary-General reports to the Council that the first has been successfully deployed and the disarmament, demobilization and repatriation caseload cannot be met by the existing capacity of the first task force alone
Fionn Whitehead
I moved quickly forward to get a nearer view of them.
Meeting at South Pacific Regional Environmental Programme
To break that steel bedpan into pieces?
Procurement capacity development
Guinea
Same goes for article 66, paragraphs 3 and 5, and article 66, paragraph 9, which should be made coherent with the new (clarified) wording.
7. At the fourth session, the Forum will also aim at drawing greater attention to the situation of minority women in the agendas of the various stakeholders working on human rights, minority rights and women's rights by establishing closer cooperation among them.
It has also signed contracts with two of Malawi's leading tobacco companies to plant the trees on their land.
MRC: Mauritius Research Council
The Committee points out that after installation of IMIS at offices away from Headquarters, priority should be given to the development of remote access and to the needs of peacekeeping operations as well as of the tribunals.
He was not given sufficient time to prepare his defence.
154. At its 42nd meeting, on 26 July, the Secretary of the Council read out a statement regarding the programme budget implications of Council decision 2001/18.
Letter dated 15 July 2004 from the Permanent Representative of the Lao People's Democratic Republic to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/59/158)
Don't fiddle with the typewriter.
The Baltic States are already considering the possible solutions to this important question, and I hope that the Member States will devote their full attention and interest to these ends.
During the multi-year funding framework period, UNIFEM supported initiatives to bring a gender equality dimension to Millennium Development Goal processes in 42 countries and in four regions, including through executing a five-country project for UNDP and through close partnerships with United Nations regional economic commissions.
583. Article 146 of the Fourth Geneva Convention obliges state parties to enact legislation to provide for the prosecution of persons committing grave breaches of the Convention under Article 147.
Recognizing that forced disappearance violates the right to life or puts it in grave danger and denies individuals the protection of the law,
The President: I now give the floor to Her Serene Highness Princess Stéphanie of Monaco.
It is always raining, or about to rain, in the mountainous city;
To enhance delivery by UNEP of technology support and capacitybuilding, within its mandate, to developing countries as well as to countries with economies in transition based on best practices from both within and outside UNEP, including by mainstreaming technology support and capacity-building throughout UNEP activities;
5. Also decides that the savings transferred to the Development Account section in accordance with paragraph 4 above shall form the maintenance base for that section in future proposed programme budgets;
By organizing its programme of work effectively and holding extensive consultations, the Committee strived to keep the number of its formal meetings to a minimum.
4. Demographic and social statistics:
In addition, the members of the Council received detailed briefings by MONUSCO on the implementation of resolution 2098 (2013), including the planned transfer of tasks to the United Nations country team.
H. Statistics for economies based on natural resources
So dismal is its reputation that three-quarters of crimes are not even reported.
The draft resolution calls on the secretariats of the two organizations to work in accordance with their respective competencies to increase the pace of their cooperation with one another in order to achieve the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and to enhance their ability to benefit their common interests and goals in the political, economic, social, humanitarian, cultural and administrative fields.
Global
Tuesday 5 April 2005.
132. In relation to further preventing sexual exploitation and abuse by civilian and police personnel, the focus was placed on issues such as: (a) identifying why the current arrangement may not be working effectively; (b) examining ways and means how the Organization can form a global ethical community that holds itself and its personnel directly accountable for its conduct; (c) identifying whether the current approaches to prevention adequately recognize the different challenges faced by uniform and non-uniform personnel; and (d) ensuring adequate follow-up and accountability for civilians and police.
Secondly, progress of the reconstruction of physical infrastructure and with respect to capacity development is reviewed.
64. Expenditures of regular resources in 2008 equalled $42 million, representing an increase of $21 million – which is double the amount in the previous year.
In accordance with rule 27 of the rules of procedure, the credentials of representatives and the names of members of a delegation are to be submitted to the Secretary-General, if possible not less than one week before the opening of the session.
He got the job.
Such memories never fade, but Hungary, unlike some of its neighbours, is making growing efforts to come to terms with its past.
The Trial Chamber, composed of Judges Moloto (presiding), Hall and Delvoie, acquitted Ramush Haradinaj, Idriz Balaj and Lahij Brahimaj on all counts in the indictment.
108. The Government has issued a draft Performance Appraisal and Time Management Policy in December 2001 under the Human Resource Administration Sub-programme of the Civil Service Reform Program.
The Government of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas upon signing the Convention reserves the right not to apply the provisions of article 2 of the said Convention insofar as those provisions relate to the conferment of citizenship upon a child having regard to the provisions of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas.
Supply had to parachute in our gas and ammo, we moved so fast.
Friday, My Nation beat much, for all that.
4. Column 11 (military assistance - United Nations peace-keeping) contains the costs relating to maintaining the Polish military contingents in the United Nations temporary armed forces deployed in the Syrian Arab Republic, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Cambodia and Croatia.
Rule 18. Submission of credentials
A stream was winding its way through the valley in into the Dadu river.
Neglecting the commitment voluntarily undertaken by this important resolution can only embolden Israel to continue to remain as a source of threat and instability in the Middle East by flouting the wish of the international community and remaining outside of the fold of the NPT and full-scope safeguard regime.
9. Insolvency law The insolvency of an infrastructure operator or public service provider raises a number of issues that have led some countries to establish special rules to deal with those situations, including rules that enable the host Government to take the measures required to ensure the continuity of the project (see chapter IX, “Duration extension and early termination of the project agreement”, ___).
The table below summarizes the Secretary-General's proposals for the Office of Legal Affairs and the related recommendations of the Committee.
By 1996, female illiteracy had declined from 62 per cent in 1986 to 51 per cent; female enrolment in elementary education rose from 91.41 per cent in 1992 to 97.64 per cent in 1998; and the figures for females as a percentage of all those enrolled had risen to 46.7 per cent at the elementary level, 46.7 per cent at the preparatory level and 49.7 per cent at the secondary level.
Recognizing also that multilateral mechanisms have a unique role to play in meeting the challenges and opportunities presented by globalization,
An ILO Committee of Experts noted in 2007 the recent establishment of a Cabinet Committee on Gender Equality.
Except for my grandfather.
16. As in previous years, the Committee reconfirmed that all United Nations Member States and observers wishing to participate in the work of the Committee as observers were welcome to do so.
1987 establishments by continent
 13. The need to set up a permanent regional GIS infrastructure committee for sharing experience was addressed by the Conference.
Checkered madtom
" the farmer asked him.
36. The secretariat's background note, which paid particular attention to the linkage between trade and employment, was commended for its thought-provoking analysis.
Total, income sections 2 and 3
(c) Deprivation of liberty is not, in practice, reserved as a measure of last resort, despite the existence of alternative measures in the judicial system of the State party;
:: Increased security and patrolling along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border
Israel and its friends in Congress are considering dire retaliation, including cutting off financial aid and tax transfers to the Palestinian Authority.
223. On 28 August 1999 the bodies of Gerson Edgardo Calix, Esteban Varela and Gabril (family name unknown) were found in an unoccupied building close to a police station in El Progreso.
8. If the decision is made by States Parties to develop and establish a regular intersessional programme of work, some form of an implementation mechanism must be put in place to ensure that it functions effectively.
I. Introduction
Subsequently, Albania, Armenia, Australia, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, the Congo, Costa Rica, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, the Gambia, Georgia, Madagascar, Mali, Malta, Mongolia, Morocco, Nauru, the Niger, Norway, Paraguay, the Philippines, the Republic of Moldova, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Serbia and Montenegro, South Africa, Timor-Leste, Tunisia, Turkey, the United Republic of Tanzania and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
From Human Rights Section
ECA, UNESCO, UNOSAT, UNEP and WHO participated in the second phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, held in Tunis from 16 to 18 November 2005.
82.112. Continue the implementation of the recommendations contained in the report of the High Commissioner (Brazil).
Tarangire National Park
FreeBSD Ports
Mid Levels East
At the 5th meeting, Mr. Agyemang-Bonsu reported on the contact group's consultations.
An amount of $7,850,000 is provided for the deployment and rotation of military contingents and is based on two rotations, with one contingent rotating once during the 2001-2002 period and the other contingent for a six-month period only with a replacement unit expected subsequently.
Miscellaneous (protocol, transportation)
During its field visits, however, the Group identified 25 checkpoints between Abidjan and San Pedro and 10 between Abidjan and Noé (on the border with Ghana).
56. The recent addition of the Peacebuilding Commission to the institutional machinery of the United Nations should also lead to a review of existing subsidiary machinery, mandates and activities in the areas it will cover, which include development as well as peace and security.
The corpus constitutes the common ontology foundation of ethics and worth.
No. 3 - All citizens have the right to freely choose and engage in a profession, without restrictions, save for the exceptions established by law.
in advance ;in advance of   advanced adj.Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in an advanced age; and if we do not plant it when young, it will give us no shade when we grow old
Source: Republic of Namibia, 2008.
Then he went back.
Your handbag is really cool.
Statements were made by the representatives of Brazil, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the United States, Guatemala, the Re-public of Korea, Malaysia, Namibia, Pakistan, Algeria, the Philippines, Venezuela, Bangladesh, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Swaziland, Senegal, Egypt, Ecuador and the United Arab Emirates.
The development model that was made to pursue so far has come under question.
Evaluation, audit and oversight matters
The area then came under the control of the Austrian empire and then Austria  - Hungary .
61. Upon request, the Advisory Committee was informed that the assistance provided under this arrangement as of 2 April 2014 was as follows:
(1) Regular budget
A restriction is consistent with the legal proviso in article 12 (3) when it is necessary for achieving one of the listed purposes for interference.
The present report also provides information on the implementation of Commission resolution 22/3, entitled "Renewed efforts to ensure the effective implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto on the tenth anniversary of the entry into force of the Convention".
Training development is evolving and the number of Afghan instructors trained is increasing steadily (66 per cent of the positions are filled and 81 per cent of those instructors are trained).
5.38 The post resources in the amount of $1,455,800 would provide for the continuation of three posts in the Professional and higher category.
Note on Statelessness
VI. Terminology
A. Hotlines
(f) Capacity-building at all levels of Government to help the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology to design and implement national education sector plan/education sector implementation plan reforms.
2. Reaffirms that the special session will be undertaken on the basis of and with full respect for the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development and that there will be no renegotiation of the existing agreements contained therein;
In the context of sustainable approaches to the prevention of non-communicable diseases, empowering young people to participate across all levels is imperative and doubly beneficial (studies have shown that, with regard to health, prevention policies benefit the youth who develop such policies as well as having an impact on the young people they aim to affect);
34. The situation in Sierra Leone (27 November 1995; 7 May 2008).
 The ad hoc working groups deal with in-depth studies of investment and financial flows, non-debt-creating finance for development, new mechanisms for increasing investment and financial flows, trade efficiency; comparative experiences with privatization; expansion of trading opportunities for developing countries; and the interrelationship between investment and technology transfer.
When that jet meets surrounding gas or dust, it generates gamma rays.
The Secretary-General earlier described the separation wall and the settlements as serious obstacles to the achievement of a two-State solution.
i'm tired of going to school day after day.
(g) There should be adequate funding for existing international monitoring mechanisms to function effectively; and
So far, 13 countries are fully compliant with the harmonized approach, and many others are partially compliant.
Article 47, which concerns freedom of thought and speech, stipulates that everyone may enjoy freedom of thought and speech and that propaganda provoking racial, national, religious and social discord and animosity is prohibited.
Because today there is so much sufferingWhen I pick up a person from the street, hungry, I give him a plate of rice, a piece of bread, I have satisfied. I have removed that hunger.
The distribution according to gender shows that the number of covered female children is 15, 02% while the percentage of the covered male children is 12, 69%.
Benjamin Harris's Protestant Tutor, a primer popular for decades and the source the New England Primer.
We wake up to find that we  were dear to each other
B. Conclusion on reception of asylum-seekers in the context of individual asylum systems
Estimate 2010: 64
The evidence indicates that termination indemnities were paid to some 20 employees in November and December 1991 in the total amount of KWD 573,803.
30 September 2003
They were just pushed into the shadows.
Recalling its general comment No. 5 (2003) on general measures of implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the Committee encourages the State party to strengthen its efforts to establish a more comprehensive and integrated data collection system on children, covering the entire period of childhood up to the age of 18, and to introduce indicators on children's rights against which progress in the realization of those rights could be analysed and assessed.
7. The Advisory Committee requests that a review be undertaken of the most effective means by which UNMIK could implement its public information programmes.
UNFPA initiated and funded a training seminar for IAC members in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso in July 1995.
Russian troops on the ground have contradicted official promises; Russian authorities have avidly reinterpreted a French-brokered cease-fire.
A. Austria 45 - 52 21
Sampling, analysis and monitoring are critical components in the management of wastes consisting of, containing or contaminated with POPs and should be given high priority with respect to both capacity-building in developing countries and implementation.
These are the implements of war and subjugation ; the last arguments to which kings resort.
Fled to hear of the other Wu Shou, possession into the uninhabited forest wilderness.
The photos must be color with a resolution of no less than 5 million pixels.
78. During the period under consideration, Belarus adopted an act on amending and supplementing certain legislative instruments of the Republic of Belarus on questions relating to women, the family and children.
Continue to use the computerized property and inventory control system to maintain and update property records
Etterbeek
On Saturday, a top al-Qaeda commander is thought to have been killed by an American missile in South Waziristan.
(e) To fulfil their bold and ambitious renewable energy and energy efficiency targets in small island developing States for the next decade, taking into account national circumstances, the diversification of energy systems and the provision of funds and technology on mutually agreed terms;
www.un.org/russian/sc/1540/
A Russian company, which identified itself as the seller, appealed to the Court to overrule the Russian Federal Tax Service's decision on its use of value-added tax (VAT) exemption in relation to international sales.
On February 16, 1992, the Chinese Government formally promulgated the Outline of the Program for Chinese Children's Development in the 1990s.
Children who have been 17 from other human beings do not possess language
The task group had therefore concluded that the notification from Sri Lanka had not met the criterion in Annex II (d).
These RJ45 Keystone Jacks provide an excellent method of bringing network connections into any room.
To ensure that all requirements are met, the Financial Superintendence can carry out site visits at the entities it regulates.
But dont wait until its too late.
Please provide information on: (a) the implementation of the agreement between the National Institute for Women (INAMU) and the National Statistics and Census Institute (INEC) (see para. 24); (b) the steps taken to ensure disaggregated data by sex, ethnicity and nationality in order to assess the situation of women in all areas covered by the Convention; (c) the measures undertaken to introduce the gender dimension in the collection of data, to use it as a tool to identify the problems faced by indigenous women and those working in the agricultural sector (see paras. 638 and 658); and (d) new gender indicators created by the State party to promote the rights of women.
Your Toilet in Good Working Order Buy a low flow toilet and make sure it stays in good working order.
2. Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development, as well as respect for cultural diversity are essential for achieving sustainable development and ensuring that sustainable development benefits all, as set forth in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
 The 661 Committee will inform the Government of Iraq, requesting States, and the Secretary-General of the actions taken on the requests submitted.
These provisions of international law, along with a number of resolutions adopted by United Nations bodies, stipulate that capital punishment shall be allowed only as an extreme measure for the most serious crimes and only in cases where the highest standards of fair trial are met.
As you could not leave the refugee camp in Daker Senegal, what shall we  do   ?
Children between 2 and 7 "still believe in Santa," he said.
Written in accessible language, the report provides a short introduction about the intersection between land degradation and each of these challenges, followed by cases that demonstrate different ways in which individuals, organizations or governments are addressing them.
Are they not quickly told and quickly gone
Come to the opening of the Giorgio Armani show at the Triennale; Mr Armani's wonderful Guggenheim show has finally come home to roost!
Mrs. Bennet's eyes sparkled with pleasure, and she was eagerly calling out, while her daughter read, Well, Jane, who is it from?
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the items at its 6041st meeting, held on 12 December 2008.
The Meeting also considered how African States could effectively contribute to these efforts through their action in national and intergovernmental, both regional and international, mechanisms, noting long-standing African solidarity with the Palestinian people's aspirations for self-determination, independence and statehood.
Reiterating its deep concern for the decreasing security of humanitarian personnel, including killings of humanitarian workers, in Darfur and the hindering of their access to populations in need, condemning the parties to the conflict who have failed to ensure the full, safe and unhindered access of relief personnel as well as the delivery of humanitarian assistance, further condemning all instances of banditry and carjackings, and recognizing that, with many civilians in Darfur having been displaced, humanitarian efforts remain a priority until a sustained ceasefire and an inclusive political process are achieved,
Annual work plans had been prepared by the regional advisers in close cooperation with the concerned substantive divisions, covering both the schedules needed to meet requests from the member States and the support required for the Commission's substantive work.
60. Emphasizes the importance of promoting an inclusive information society, with particular attention to bridging the digital and broadband divide, taking into account considerations of gender and culture, as well as youth and other underrepresented groups;
Further the Constitution provides for rights in respect to adoption, maintenance and accommodation, and compulsory formal education.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General,
In addition, dozens of empty R-400 bombs produced for biological warfare purposes had been destroyed under the supervision of United Nations chemical weapons inspectors as early as October 1991.
(c) Report to the employer problems with the equipment or suggested improvements to the standard operating procedures that may reduce the requirement for personal protective equipment, or improvements in its design or application.
The IND then determines whether to continue with the accelerated procedure or send the application to a handling officer for further consideration and refer the asylum seeker to a reception centre.
From 1998 to 2003, China cracked down 546,900 drug-related criminal cases, arrested 250,100 drug-traffickers, confiscated 51.03 tons of heroin, 52.43 tons of crystal methamphetamine, 14.73 tons of opium, 1412.5 tons of precursor chemicals and eradicated over 500 acres of illegally planted opium poppy.
Objective To explore the related factors of the relapse of schizophrenics in unwell developed economic areas.
Members asked for further information on actions taken by the Government to mitigate the negative impact of such programmes on women and children.
The effectiveness of the financial mechanism will be assessed, taking into account, among other things:
Persons of concern to UNHCR in the region
John is very thick with anne now.
Source: World Bank, World Development Indicators Online.
Annex
In 1995, the World Summit for Social Development (Copenhagen 6-12 March 1995) stated, in chapter 2 of its Programme of Action, that "over one billion people in the world live under unacceptable conditions of poverty, mostly in developing countries and particularly in rural areas of low-income Asia and the Pacific, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and the least developed countries".
The President drew attention to draft decision IDB.34/L.3.
Those who run one-year MBA programmes may be feeling smug at this point.
There was profound foresight in her pledge, and we add our support to her efforts.
cried the jailer, retreating and putting himself on the defensive; you are certainly going mad. The abb began like you, and in three days you will be like him, mad enough to tie up; but, fortunately, there are dungeons here
In addition, 27,200 police received basic police training through United States Government-supported programmes.
As I indicated to the Security Council in my report of 9 September, the Chairman of ECOWAS has informed me that ECOMOG would require financial assistance for the deployment of the additional ECOMOG troops.
Details of the expenditures are in statement I and in the notes to the financial statements.
The train journey is a respite in between leaving and arriving that allows strangers a chance to talk to each other.
51/241, annex, para. 36
Room 5
His Government's proposal also assumed three equal distributions of $400 million in the first three years of construction, but the amounts drawn and when they were drawn would depend on the Organization's actual needs.
Article 27 Whoever uses unqualified measuring instruments or impairs the accuracy of measuring instruments,thus causing losses to the State and consumers,shall be ordered to make compensation for the losses and shall have his measuring instruments and unlawful income confiscated and may concurrently be punished by a fine.
The draft Guide could be expanded to incorporate the points raised by the French delegation.
Most floats typically get such margins just on the side nearest the text and the bottom.
Elections in Honduras
:: The International Conventions for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Resources (thousands of United States dollars)
The reporter wrote the story from the political angle.
The full back's kick carried 50 metres into the crowd.
(b) Strengthened partnerships at the subregional and country levels to support policy advocacy, policymaking and implementation of subregional integration programmes in North Africa
Recognizing that capturing lessons learned can be a valuable management tool for future planning and programmes and provide feedback to effect future improvement, and helps develop effective and informed policies,
Open, shut, open, shut. Give a little clap. Creep, creep, creep, creep. Give a little flap.
3. Transparency
31. Appreciates the efforts of the Economic Cooperation Organization to establish or activate contact groups of Ambassadors of its member States within the United Nations and with other regional and international organizations to, inter alia, mobilize technical and financial assistance for the implementation of the regional projects of the Economic Cooperation Organization and to harmonize their positions on issues of common interest, and invites the relevant international and regional organizations to extend all possible assistance to these contact groups;
 Total unpaid assessed contributions for all peace-keeping operations at that date amounted to $2.4 billion.
3. Requests the secretariat to communicate to the Depositary the amendment to Annex I to the Convention, not before 1 July 2012, so that the amendment enters into force on 1 January 2013 or on a later date.
Peacebuilding efforts must also include the provision of support to strengthen the absorption capacity of national institutions.
43rd plenary meeting
Australia, Lao People's Democratic Republic, the Philippines and the United States of America referred to the need for a stronger focus on social and economic integration and work opportunities, in particular access to waged employment as well as micro-economic support.
It provides policy and strategy guidance for enhancing programme formulation in pursuit of various aspects of subregional and regional industrial development.
B: So why haven't they given us a firm answer
Making use of those opportunities, a number of developing countries had made important strides in reducing poverty and eradicating hunger and epidemics.
Chapter I
17 May 1981
 A recorded vote was taken.
This comprehensive effort can be very effective if it is backed by strong political and institutional support.
In 2009, the training and coaching programmes have been revised to respond to the loss of the Library training room owing to the Capital Master Plan.
Kasimov
 The goal of developing countries is to maintain and increase economic growth in order to achieve decent standards of living for their populations and reduce unsustainable pressures on their natural resource base.
(c) Promotes a more global or mutually complementary response to emerging issues and threats.
P. Zigiranyirazo
Meanwhile, the IMF thinks American and European banks need $ 675 billion of new capital.
She also wished to know what actions the Government could take to create a more favourable environment for nongovernmental organizations and to facilitate their efforts in support of women candidates.
Be is muscle pulled or ligament is pulled?
3. Specialized care for early infancy
This additional mandate is to consider recommendations regarding an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects to be held not later than 2001.
(x) Notes by the President of the Security Council and other documents issued by the Security Council for the further improvement of the Council's work;
My grandmother is enjoying the quiet life of old age.
Samoa
Other assets
Royal Supermarket
The Assembly has demonstrated new agility in taking up urgent issues before us by drawing on the enormous reserves of expertise that exist within the United Nations system, as well as drawing on experts in the field.
Slovenia
At that time, it had been referred to as the Expert Meeting on Competition Law and Policy.
In Italy, for example, Prime Minister Mario Monti has the necessary and legitimate ambition to carry out comprehensive reform.
The permanent teaching staff consists of 550 teachers including 42 women (7.6% of the total), whose grades were as follows: 4 lecturers in technical and vocational subjects, 22 assistant lecturers, 16 assistant junior lecturers.
Construction and Identification of Eukaryotic Expression Recombinant Plasmid Containing Mice Connexin 43 Gene
Ever since her teen years she has avoided the sun, which raises painful blistering rashes wherever her skin is unprotected.
And the internal values embody justice humanism rule of law and efficiency.
In the general debate in September, we were able to have a lively discussion on Council reform.
Insurance claims showed women were twice as likely to have a collision in a car park, were 23 per cent more likely to hit a stationary car and 15 per cent more likely to reverse into another car
G. Recommendations
F. Review of the calendar of meetings (agenda item 9 (a)) 33
8. Pray not for things, but for wisdom and courage
The output shall be balanced line level and delivered to the Background Music Hub for connection to the appropriate amplifier channel.
The UNCTAD secretariat has used its experience in this regard.
Cooperation and participation of the administering Powers in the work of the Special Committee
He has the distinction of being very generous to those in need.
This unfortunate initiative weakens confidence in the current Presidency and undermines the transparency that should characterize multilateral negotiations.
The lifestyle change with the biggest benefit was giving up smoking, which led to an 80 percent improvement in health, the study found.
His words awakened something buried deeply within me, something about which I have until now been reluctant to discuss.
Bldg Surveyor/Fire Safety 16
There was admittedly hostility among the public, and even among individual government officials, towards such illegal immigrants.
Yet the supernatural events were never proven, and DeFeo's lawyer later admitted that the story was a hoax.
With 30 years experience, I can always tell when I see new hair.
In addition efforts are under way to organize another round of bilateral investment treaty negotiations between least developed countries and capital-exporting countries.
When all the applications came in, our first task was to separate the wheat from the chaff.
28. Science and technology for development needs to begin with building indigenous capabilities and creation of absorptive capacity in countries, but is insufficient by itself to achieve technological catch-up in developing countries.
She washed the cups and put them away.
Activities have primarily focused on consolidating the UNIDO GEF portfolio in water and chemicals, activities related to persistent organic pollutants (POPs), and the advancement of the joint UNIDO-UNEP Programme on Resource Efficient and Cleaner Production, in collaboration with the network of National Cleaner Production Centres.
54. At the 4th meeting, on 29 February, the representative of the United States made an introductory statement.
He wanted to see if putting patients into a sleep-like condition would help ease troubled minds.
At the same time, the Platform for Action acknowledges that full enjoyment by women of all human rights is an important end in itself and critical to their empowerment and autonomy, and the improvement of their political, social, economic and health status.
Ontology
A: Busy!
He has a multitude of friend.
I have the honour to transmit the statement of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Georgia related to the situation in north Caucasus (see annex).
A big adverse surprise – like the election of Donald Trump in the US – would likely cause the stock market to crash and plunge the world into recession.
The Committee notes that the requested review has not been addressed in the budget document.
PARIS – The face of French politics changed dramatically in May and June.
How many people live in Beijing?B I'm not sure.
Pentium D
It favourably complements the initiative by the Maldives at the seventh session of the Human Rights Council to take up the relationship between climate change and the full enjoyment of human rights.
At the same time, most eastern European States and some Asian States are experiencing a transition to a market economy.
 OECD was able to provide the Secretariat with data broken down by sector under its Creditor Reporting System (CRS); unfortunately, that data is not available at the level of disbursement but only at the level of commitment.
59. The Property Law Implementation (PLIP) statistics have risen from a 2001 total of 49 per cent of claims implemented in December last year, to nearly 60 per cent resolved by the month of August, i.e., nearly twice as many as last year, with another four months to go.
. Thank you for your precious advice.
You come at a most inopportune time.
International Exhibition of Equipment, Ingredients and Supplies for the Bakery and Confectionery Industries.
Tamazgha further added that the Berber culture is not one of the targets for cultural development, promotion and support projects.
Tentatively, the Committee has been scheduled to meet from 18 to 20 October 2005, with a possible extension to 21 October 2005.
Moreover, many of the issues raised in the Committee had been taken up and addressed elsewhere in the United Nations.
United Nations Development Group
C. Election of officers
For example, the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety to the Convention on Biological Diversity not only sets out a preambular reaffirmation of the precautionary approach contained in principle 15 of the Rio Declaration, but also spells out in the operational part of the text how this approach is to be applied in the context of the Protocol (articles 10 and 11).
This method, therefore,can be applied to estimate the volume of broth in fermentors for a fed-batch or a semi-continuous cultivations.
Getting those people into the building and making sure they have a great experience will be what makes Millennium successful; but how to do it?
The coffin lid had been screwed down.
He wrote it in college It has nothing to do with m
h The assessments have been published by UNEP in the Regional Seas Reports and Studies series and are also available on the GPA web site: www.gpa.unep.org.
Action taken by the Commission
(c) The prevention, treatment and control of epidemic, endemic, occupational and other diseases;
But think no more of the letter.
This stretched our capacity, since we did not resort to external recruitment.
The Inspector, within the scope of this report, has attempted to clarify this situation by proposing the following definition with the recognition that more collective efforts are needed in developing practical ways of defining the nature of a CSO vis-à-vis an NGO.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
The Committee recommends that Iraq abolish the death penalty for crimes which are not among the most serious crimes, in accordance with article 6, paragraph 2, of the Covenant, and that total abolition of the death penalty be considered.
Such policies should incorporate measurable goals and timetables, as well as monitoring and accountability measures, provide for impact assessments and ensure coordination of action among all stakeholders through appropriate mechanisms.
Please also provide information on measures taken to eliminate discrimination against these groups of women.
They took the first steps toward a peace agreement.
The PLA has actively conducted military exchanges and cooperation with other countries.The areas of its external contacts are being gradually expanded, with the content of the contacts increasingly richer and forms more flexible and diversified.
Component
We did an hour of gym.
37. In keeping with the objectives of results-based budgeting, there was considerable opportunity for improving the way the United Nations managed, budgeted for, and financed peacekeeping operations, since the current process was labour-intensive, unduly complicated and highly bureaucratic.
I prefer to be Ruth, but I can be flexible.
Nor is there any provision in the document that States should strengthen government standards for procurement, contracting and management of the private military and security industry backed by an effective reporting mechanism.
Following a statement by the Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management in response to questions raised during the course of the discussion of the item, follow-up comments were then made by the representatives of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Russian Federation, India, Egypt, Morocco, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
The entire fine shall be delivered to the state treasury.
6. Government-controlled cities and towns continued to be subject to indiscriminate mortar attacks, shelling and vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices by armed opposition groups and extremists, notably the cities of Homs, Damascus, Rural Damascus and Hama.
"46. Decides that a Member State can be selected from only one category at any one time;
The present guidelines do not affect any request the Committee may make under article 44, paragraph 4, of the Convention on the Rights of the Child for States parties to provide further information relevant to the implementation of the Convention.
A: Good, thats all then
1 March 1997
We want to keep a record of certain facts about all the pupils in one class.
Address impunity and ensure that all allegations of violations of human rights are duly investigated, the findings of ad hoc commissions made public, perpetrators promptly brought to justice and reparations provided to victims;
She states that the new protocol is still not in line with the Convention and that batterers are not taken into custody, as this would be considered a violation of their human rights.
It goes without saying that she will lose all her friends if she continues to gossip about them.
- Provide good quality educational exhibits and activities.
This is important in the context of the increasing importance of demonstrating the synergies between the objectives of the other conventions such as biodiversity, climate change and persistent organic pollutants.
WWE Superstars
Don't do it that way, we can talk  about it at length.
The attention of the Commission is drawn to the report of the Tenth Joint Programme Coordination Meeting of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network (E/CN.15/1996/CRP.2), which was held at Courmayeur, Italy, from 17 to 18 October 1995.
Over the next 12 months, however, as many as six new developments with more than 2,000 tables are due to open in Macao.
Billions of dollars are being wasted in the international carbon trading system and companies have been discouraged from investing in lower-carbon technologies owing to a loophole in the Kyoto protocol.
The planned ERP system will strengthen the current financial, accounting and reporting systems and provide, from 1 January 2004, line managers and programme managers with online access to programme and project expenditure whether in respect of regular budget programmes or technical cooperation programme activities.
Another cost that many bariatric patients do not consider: a new wardrobe, or several new wardrobes, as weight falls off.
Recalling its resolution 2625 (XXV) of 24 October 1970,
C. Third objective
54. The Panel believes that stronger and more effective mechanisms must be developed for governance and funding.
Did you choose Russia or were you simply assigned?
In April 2011, under the leadership of the Italian non-governmental organization Cooperazione Internazionale, and with the support of funding received from the disaster preparedness programme of the Humanitarian Aid Department of the European Commission, UN-SPIDER provided capacity-building support to the Government of Mozambique, specifically its National Institute of Disaster Management, and participated in a related seminar on the use of geographic information systems to support disaster risk management.
The fact that Russia has avoided a financial crisis is remarkable – and largely due to the efforts of the Central Bank of Russia.
With regard to the President of Kosovo, the Constitution shall inter alia provide that:
He requested that the premier grant him an internview
Stressing that consideration should be given to the need to ensure that sustainable capacity-building in developing countries is established as an integrated part of the assessment process as identified in the consultation process,
The main strategies to ensure access to sexual and reproductive health services include gratuity to access these services, daily availability of the services, organization of a specific technical framework to provide this kind of services (infant and maternal nurse), the establishment of mobile units, mobilization of women's associations and community based associations and its connection with community leaders in the mobilization of the families and their wives, as well as the creation of adolescent and youth support services.
The disaster of 11 March demonstrated that State policies to abandon primary industries and to force municipal mergers and public worker downsizing, as well as the integration and reduction of medical institutions, resulted in aggravating the damage and delaying the relief and rescue work.
Accounts indicated that there were foreign fighters in the ranks of some armed groups.
(v) Reduction of deaths due to diarrhoea in children aged under five years in 1994 by 50 per cent and of the incidence of diarrhoea by 25 per cent;
Within the East African Community, specific areas of priority action include the roads network, infrastructure and energy development.
In the "12-point Agreement" the Seven Party Alliance (SPA) and the UCPN-M expressed their commitment to "fully respect the norms and values of human rights".
The mineral geochemical characteristics a super large silver - polymetallic deposit in Yindongzi, Zashui County, Shaanxi Province.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank your predecessor for her untiring efforts in trying to get a programme of work established by this Conference.
(a) Continue to raise awareness among Member States regarding gender-related killing of women, and to support Member States, upon request, in developing and implementing strategies and policies at the national, regional and international levels to prevent and address gender-related killing of women;
The lack of proper institutional arrangements to address, in an objective manner, the humanitarian impact of sanctions has limited the capacity of the United Nations system to respond efficiently to the humanitarian consequences of sanctions regimes.
- matters related to the operation of the Convention, as set out in Article 11 of the Convention;
The Committee responded to Greece, welcoming the inspection report and confirmed the Panel's availability to inspect the seized materiel.
2. The source of each understanding or agreement is shown by a reference key in square brackets, in the form [C.A.P], where C is the number of the Review Conference (I, II, III, IV, VI), A is the article of the Convention (I-XV), and P is the paragraph number.
The main idea of the passage is that .
Other forthcoming meetings
I can make you one, if you want.
(a) If the State party in respect of which he or she was elected to the Committee is a party to the case;
11. After the adoption by the General Assembly of resolution 48/111, the Secretary-General resumed the consultation process at the beginning of 1994.
My delegation has read with interest the report of the Committee (A/63/35) and the report of the Secretary-General (A/63/368).
Others may define success in terms of the accolades and awards they have won.
The meeting rose at 5.15 p.m.
The second part is mainly explained at the present stage of human dignity and the protection of Chinese philosophy.
Visits to Kadoorie Farm and Ocean Park also enhanced PTS staff's understanding of green issues.
This right is guaranteed by the free and widespread system of schools, including semi-boarding and boarding schools, and scholarships of all kinds and at all levels of education.
To reduce the analysis time involved in the stacking method, an analysis system applying a Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) is being developed.
Kelvin, Arizona
:: Report of the External Auditor on the accounts of UNIDO for the financial period 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2007 (PBC.24/3-IDB.35/3)
Authorization constraint is an important part in role-based access control models.
Many hands provide great strength.
Lecturer All lecturers are from Taiwan's Shu-Te University, Graduate School of Human Sexuality.
44. There must also be an integration of the agenda of the Alliance within the United Nations system, with the regional processes under way, and also with national policies and regional and local initiatives.
CHAPTER SEVEN SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS Article 47 State administrative organs shall collect fees strictly according to law, limit fee collection items and scope and standards of fee collection.
Recalling paragraph 10 of resolution 18/5 of 16 February 2001, in which the Governing Council requested the Executive Director "to promote a merger of the Urban Environment Forum and the International Forum on Urban Poverty into a new urban forum, with a view to strengthening the coordination of international support to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda",
The administrator refuses to accept responsibility for the things that left in the guests' cars
New York University Stern School of Business
33. The Advisory Committee notes that the Pension Board has accepted the Board of Auditors' reiterated recommendation to implement improved controls and procedures to ensure that amounts outstanding from overpayments of benefits are recovered in a timely manner (A/67/9, annex X, para. 73).
Find time to be kind and thoughtful.
If it had been put to the vote separately, we would have abstained on this paragraph.
7. Expresses its full support for UNFICYP and decides to extend its mandate for a further period ending 31 July 2014;
In the Caribbean, a subregional train-the-trainers programme on the prevention of drug abuse was supported by UNDCP and other United Nations agencies under the 1998 Health and Family Life Education Programme of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM).
 The mandate of the Group was essentially to monitor the implementation of the measures called for by the Assembly in its resolutions on the same subject.
The Committee decided to send letters to the Governments of Egypt and Tunisia on the rights of women in the democratization process. (See annex II to part one of the present report.)
Statements were made by a number of delegations, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations.
General Assembly, high-level dialogue on financing for development [General Assembly resolution 57/250]
Heres sampling of the some of the wittier one-lines circulating through Western society circles these days: [2] I can only please one person per day.
The Territory observes the principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Moreover, the minority language transmitting the cultural values and traditions of the groups significantly contributed to the groups' identity.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9196).
First, a more explicit and detailed discussion that links evaluation with the UNHCR overall mandate, expected accomplishments and goals would facilitate the strengthening of evaluation activities by defining their intended contribution to achieving results.
However, the absence of evaluations may also reflect the fact that the prevention of illicit drug use is often only a secondary aspect of more general social improvement programmes.
Administrative Assistant post redeployed from the Corrections and Prison Advisory Service
This old nut won't bite ( or grip ).
Compared with recursive algorithm for binary tree traversing, non-recursive algorithm reduces expenses of function calls, gains performance advantage.
26. Chapter IV of the draft articles, entitled “Implication of a State in the internationally wrongful act of another State”, was in her delegation’s view indispensable to the balance of the draft articles.
Nikon D850
The bin needs emptying; it's full of rubbish.
A vigorous and effective response to the AIDS epidemic is integrally linked to meeting global commitments to reducing poverty, preventing hunger, lowering childhood mortality and protecting the health and well-being of women.
Languages of the websites of the United Nations programmes, funds and bodies
By its resolution 1996/1 of 11 July 1996, the Economic and Social Council recommended to the General Assembly the adoption of a draft resolution entitled "Institutional arrangements for the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities".
Indicators Landline teledensity
Cooperation between the United Nations and regional and other organizations
The second would be if it showed that Ruth or anyone else in the bank was up to anything dodgy.
In several cases, those measures included publicity and education as a way to raise public awareness.
And in a minute you'll put the potatoes on.Then you'll read the paper and after half an hour's nap you'll watch the news on TV!
11. Information-based solutions can be divided in two categories which can each be differentiated by the target groups, the type of organisation disseminating the information, the timing involved (long-term or short-term) and the techniques and methods employed:
Accordingly, the secretariat has prepared the document "The use of economic analysis in competition cases" (TD/B/C.I/CLP/4).
 83. Moreover, Tunisia has long adhered to the principle of non-discrimination between men and women in employment matters, by its ratification of several ILO Conventions setting forth that principle, including:
Other activities in the region included preparations for active participation in the World Space Congress in Houston, United States, and student work on an experiment on mammal reproduction in a simulated Mars-like gravity environment.
As Members of the United Nations we must continue to ensure that a fundamental element of our response to conflict situations is the pursuit of justice.
Conservationists voiced their concerns Wednesday in New Delhi, where a Chinese delegation met with Indian officials seeking India's support for lifting the ban on farm raised tigers
Introduction
Mr. Prijono Tjiptoherjanto
Even when China becomes more developed, we will never engage in aggression or expansionism; nor will we ever seek hegemony.
Voyager 1 flew by Jupiter in 1979 and reached Saturn in 1980.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
Prepare plane for taxi.
Have an Active Interest in Volcanoes? Then One Place to Look Around Is Hawaii
(d) In an effort to protect this group, the aforementioned Act ensures that persons with disabilities receive the same pay as others for the same work.
Objective To probe into the methods of establishing model of sudden cardiac arrest of rabbits.
15. Mr. Shaanika (Namibia) said that his delegation called for additional funding from the United Nations regular budget for UNRWA, so that the Agency could continue providing essential programmes and services like education, health care, vocational training, and emergency relief.
In addition, a programme of qualitative research with service users and difficult-to-reach groups was conducted by the Women's National Commission.
I can always find a way to improve myself.
Kenyan people by occupation
54/133, 54/135 and 54/138
9. The estimate of $8,424,500 includes non-recurrent cost requirements in the amount of $1,705,100.
At the local level, UNESCO has been providing a gateway to participation in the global knowledge society, especially for women and young people, seeking to ensure, through its Community Multimedia Centre programme, that information, communication and knowledge become tools for the poor to improve their lives.
In addressing institutionalization, States parties are therefore urged to set up programmes for de-institutionalization of children with disabilities, re-placing them with their families, extended families or foster care system.
"7. Further recognizes that any programmes or projects arising from such collaboration should be fully consistent with national plans and strategies;
Nature of the disability and amount of subsidy
. The aim of mainstreaming women's rights is to ensure that the inevitable social construction of men's and women's respective roles does not permit a discriminatory bias which subordinates women to men or places women in any kind of inferior position.
The ease with which people can move about and the spread of the mass media have brought about a sort of "ruralization" of urban life, as well as profound changes in the way people in rural areas feel and act in general.
As part of a long-term commitment to reform, UNRWA has planned an external evaluation of the first phase of the reform process, the organizational development programme, in the first half of 2011.
Paragraph 1.6
Electricity introduces young readers to this fascinating area of science and technology, showing how we use electricity in our everyday lives and suggesting practical activities.
Statistical inference
However, while being sui generis, they cannot be considered in isolation.
(a) Other supplies, services and equipment ($3.3 million), as a result of the lower cost of rations owing to the relocation of staff away from Baghdad caused by the deteriorating security situation and lower costs of training fees and supplies, owing to the provision of in-house training instead of external training, whenever possible;
Most of the action teams produced compendiums of existing efforts or success stories in the areas of their responsibility, with the aim of contributing to increasing awareness among policy makers and the general public or enhancing knowledge-sharing among experts and programme managers.
14. The publication of a study titled Organic Fruits and Vegetables Production in the Tropics and International Trade benefiting from financing by the Swiss Agency for Development Cooperation is scheduled for early 2003.
In the same vein, steps should be taken that encouraged the existing financial systems in each country to develop a long-term commitment to the development activities in a country in the area of space technology spin-offs and generally, for basic sustainable development programmes.
In Spain, the People’s Party (PP) has become openly nationalist under the leadership of the hardline Pablo Casado.
PRCS in turn contacted ICRC.
He recalled the important role played by Judge Ballah in the development of the Convention, his Presidency of the Council of the Authority and his Chairmanship of Special Commission 2 of the Preparatory Commission for the International Seabed Authority and for the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
As one focuses within and uncovers one's own discord, one becomes at choice to transcend.
You're a criminal, knox.
tom and i work at the same company.
The banks offer a full range of personal and corporate financial services.
 (b) To observe the operation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) peace-keeping force within the framework of the implementation of the Agreement;
In order to achieve the target of 100,000 by the end of 2006 -- which represents about 40 to 50 per cent of people who need antiretroviral treatment -- more than 50 facilities are being readied to provide such free treatment.
18. As part of its mandate, the Working Group responds to and intervenes in alleged serious violations of the rights of people of African descent in Member States.
21. Welcomes the progress achieved through the Mine Action Programme for Afghanistan, supports the Government of Afghanistan in its efforts to meet its responsibilities under the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction, to cooperate fully with the Mine Action Programme coordinated by the United Nations and to eliminate all known or new stocks of anti-personnel landmines, and acknowledges the need for more assistance from the international community in this regard;
ODA was the largest source of external financing for all least developed countries.
UNEP has also organized annual conferences since 2009.
Canadian astronauts
The following section proposes some elements of a pro-poor development policy framework to help guide the PA in forming a viable economy for a viable State.
Further prolongation risks loss of interest in the Round, leaving a greater role in global economic governance for other forums as the G-20 and RTAs.
1. The Chairperson, in the exercise of his/her functions, remains under the authority of the Committee.
While there had been some promising recent unilateral and bilateral initiatives, he believed that multilateral negotiations were the most effective means of bringing about disarmament.
The newspaper is a true reflector of public opinion.
(iii) Summary of general comments made by other relevant stakeholders.
71. The Commission noted with satisfaction that joint short-term training and research with member States, institutions and the regional commissions in demographic data analysis, dissemination and utilization had been undertaken, with the aim of improving national capacities for microcomputer analysis of the 1990 round of population censuses.
Transcript of SETW's remarks on stopping idling car engines
Ruth and her whole family were spending the long summer in the Sierras, at Lake Tahoe.
Our sales department will be expanding and I would like to offer you an assistant manager position.
Chile
(b) Half of the estimated amounts under the categories of revenue defined in regulation 3.3 for the budget period for which credits have not previously been taken into account and any adjustments in estimated amounts under these categories of revenue previously taken into account;
We look forward to continuing to collaborate with all stakeholders to create a culture of peace and a world in which all, including girl children, are free from violence and all forms of oppression.
At the national level, his Government had launched an anti-corruption drive and empowered national institutions to take severe action against corruption.
His children are well bred , whereas those of his sister are naughty .
Congratulations on your significant discovery!
"At its 4468th meeting, held in private on 5 February 2002, the Security Council considered the item entitled `The situation in Burundi'.
 12. The same resolution invites non-governmental organizations to participate in and contribute to the Conference and its preparatory process.
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
53. Due to the lack of remuneration or low pay, women's work is perceived as being less valuable.
II. Towards poverty eradication
"It will kill them.
Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm has advantages over the topology control algorithm based on the direct - transmission region in terms of average node degree and power efficiency.
As such, to facilitate the discussion, women in poor urban communities will also be discussed here (in addition to the discussion of Article 6 regarding trafficking and Article 11 regarding labour).
This aim is to return it to its mission of being again the multilateral forum of choice, indeed the single multilateral negotiating body, where the international community negotiates the issues of disarmament and non-proliferation.
They reaffirmed the importance of international cooperation and solidarity as well as the necessity of refraining from unilateral measures that endanger food security and are not in accordance with international law and the UN Charter.
In order to inform the Conference of the Parties regarding progress in the implementation of the Rotterdam Convention, the Secretariat has prepared a detailed report, contained in the annex to the present note, for consideration by the Conference at its third meeting.
It"s sophisticated looking. Come on!
(4)establishment of departments of disciplines
So, faced with the Danish advance, Alfred did not risk open battle but harried the enemy.
Unless the claimant has produced a mandate from the insurer confirming that the claimant was authorised to seek compensation on behalf of the insurer, the amount of any such indemnity has been deducted from any award recommended by the Panel.
16. Reaffirms the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism, contained in the annex to General Assembly resolution 49/60, and the Declaration to Supplement the 1994 Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism, contained in the annex to Assembly resolution 51/210, and calls upon all States to implement them;
 26. At the 23rd meeting, on 6 July, statements were made by the representatives of India, Colombia, Poland, Bangladesh, Peru, Bhutan and Nigeria and the observer for Namibia.
And I don't think I've ever seen anyone talk about how organizations go about deciding what to make and what to shelve.
In addition, MONUC will protect selected strategic locations, as well as vital Government institutions and officials.
While the position of UNPROFOR, or the substitute force, may be militarily consolidated, it can still carry out some important commitments to maintain and facilitate peace, including the more successful effort in central Bosnia.
The male and the female take turns sitting on the eggs.
Office of Internal Oversight Services
The Board will keep these matters under review.
Last week a famous director gave us a talk on the theatre.
Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of assistance programmes to the peoples concerned,
There are some things in life you just shouldn't blow off.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment
22. As regards the topic "The Most-favoured-nation clause", the Commission reconstituted the Study Group on the Most-Favoured-Nation clause.
INSTANT SUCCESS CAN BE YOURS.
Last of all the woman died also.
IX. CLOSURE OF THE SESSION
 2. Iraq continues to reject the principle of relocation and compensation of Iraqi farmers/landlords whose properties lie on the Kuwaiti side of the border.
Reports of the subsidiary bodies and decisions and conclusions arising therefrom
In the original claim, Bechtel asserted that Enka had paid a portion of the amounts due and that Hidrogradnja had paid nothing.
According to geological age, it may be divided into Upper Triassic coal-bearing formation and Lower-Middle Jurassic clastic rock formation.
Their barbarous treatment of prisoners aroused great rage .
On the other hand, store leases tend to be shorter while furniture and shop-fitting costs are much cheaper.
UNITAR/DOALOS briefing on "Developments in ocean affairs and the law of the sea"
84. The United States of America stated that it had implemented the Compliance Agreement through the High Seas Fishing Compliance Act of 1995 (see A/55/386, para. 135).
Nușfalău
But for a long time, the 49 LDCs take up a share of less than 1% of international trade.Due to lack of diversification in their export product mix, the LDCs would see their trade share dwindle significantly after taking out such primary products as oil.
16. Organizations of the United Nations system did not comment on the content of recommendation 11, instead noting that the terms of any review of the performance of external audit bodies, which is the subject of the recommendation, was wholly within the purview of the governing bodies.
But he ducked and the white foam spattered on to the floor.
What needs to be stressed here is that, as far as the indigenous presence is concerned, there is no substantial difference in focus between the Convention on Biological Diversity and Agenda 21, although the latter takes on particular significance in that it emphasizes the potential contribution of indigenous peoples beyond the local level.
Sure, my oldest replied. Dinner's ready.
This led to a large-scale project to reactivate a wool-textile factory at Kandahar.
China Zhang Yan, Huang Feng, Wang Dong, Chen Zhengyun, Tian Lixiao, Yao Yuzhi, Chen Min, Cheng Peiyong, Sun Jin, Niu Jianrong, Guo Xiaofeng, Liu Xiaoyan
These thematic priorities, which directly correspond to global development objectives and policies, are respectively contained within three programmes: C.1 Poverty Reduction through Productive Activities, C.2 Trade Capacity-building and C.3 Environment and Energy.
Pushing the goods By advertisement will Bring notaBle results.
Before you find your handsome prince, you've got to kiss a lot of frogs.
And ( the ) boats seem to be less crowed than ( in ) previous years.
Borzna
It would fly wildly with the stumps of its burned wings towards that radiant portal.
Children need help understanding that their self-esteem and the self-esteem of those they interact with have a direct effect on each other.
154. HIV/AIDS continues to be a major health challenge to Ethiopian women due to its unbalanced effect on them.
Now it's time to take the biggest step of all.
During the biennium 2010-2011, claims against the Organization totalling some $187.1 million were resolved for less than $44.9 million, a reduction in actual liability from that claimed of some 76 per cent.
Ipswich
66. Inmates at the prison who are HIV positive have access to counselling services and free ARVs medication through the Ministry of Health.
The option of integrating UNCDF activities and personnel dealing with microfinance into UNDP; and
30. In response to the representative of the United Kingdom, she said that mainstreaming was an important issue and, in that connection, drew attention to the comprehensive assessment report (A/59/331) in which the Secretary-General had issued a number of recommendations on mainstreaming.
"(a) Establishing, in partnership with all relevant stakeholders, a comprehensive integrated national plan dedicated to combating violence against women in all it aspects, which includes data collection and analysis, prevention and protection measures and national information campaigns using resources to eliminate in the media gender stereotypes that lead to violence against women and girls;
Parents always hope their children will do well.
Every humpback has a different pattern of spots, just as human fingerprints are all different.
76. Mr. García González (El Salvador) said that it became ever clearer that the world was in crisis and that the sharp rise in the price of oil -- indeed, price instability, generally -- would have a dramatic impact on development in most countries, including his own.
193. The Committee recommends that the principle of "the best interests of the child" contained in article 3 be systematically implemented in judicial and administrative decisions as well as in programmes, projects and services with regard to children in various situations, in particular children belonging to vulnerable and minority groups.
Israel
3. Preparations for UNCTAD XI
Provision of advice to the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund on 64 disability pension cases for staff of missions and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations
'As for the western border, you shall have the Great Sea, that is, its coastline; this shall be your west border.
Unlike the ARJ21, Mitsubishis aircraft will feature extensive use of lightweight composite materials.
China has provided selfless support to Africa in its struggle for independence.
WSJ: Have you ever had a difficult boss?
Others too have impressed me with their intelligence, maturity and, yes, even social skills.
It was revealed that 20% of men in their mid-thirties snore. This figure rises to a staggering 60% of men in their sixties.
This problem is so commonplace that some subcommissariats are non-functional.
1503/2006, Akhadov
Coordinate the project process including: project design, approvals local government, procurement and site construction.
Rights holders will be able to apply the same means as in cases of violation of rights against those who produce, place in circulation or provide services related to technological means of interfering with technical protection of works (decoders).
Why, indeed , should you brush your teeth? They, too, will be dirty tomorrow.
We want access to drinking water and sanitation to be a universally enjoyed right.
Recalling further its resolution 58/315 of 1 July 2004,
IV. Country visits
Risk determination is based on a combination of the probability of infringements and the possible impact of a potentially significant infringement on financial markets.
Expressing its deep concern at the serious setback to multiparty democracy and the weakening of the rule of law through the King's proclamation and the declaration of a state of emergency of 1 February 2005,
" " God touched the child on the shoulder and answered, "Your angel's name is not hard to remember.
Is General Petraeus spinning the American people?
Although during the commotion some of the confiscated weapons were briefly retrieved, they were ultimately surrendered to the local military commander and the situation was brought under control.
The SEC also rejected arguments from the hedge-fund industry, which has argued against extending the temporary rules, maintaining they have made legitimate short-selling more costly and burdensome.
73. At the 41st meeting, on 22 July, the representative of India introduced a draft resolution entitled "Joint United Nations Programme on Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome" (E/2013/L.32), on behalf of Australia,2 Benin, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, El Salvador, Finland,2 France, Gabon, Georgia,2 Germany,2 Guatemala,2 Honduras,2 India, Mexico, Monaco,2 Morocco,2 the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland,2 Sweden, Switzerland,2 the United States and Zimbabwe,2 as well as Belgium,2 Ethiopia, Luxembourg,2 Nicaragua, Norway,2 Rwanda,2 Senegal, South Africa and Zambia.2
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the note by the Secretary-General on improvements to the current process of planning and budgeting (A/58/600).
And the priests brought in the ark of the covenant of the LORD unto his place into the oracle of the house to the most holy place even under the wings of the cherubims
Tămădău Mare
2. Outer packagings shall be filled with water saturated material such as an anti-freeze solution or wetted cushioning.
3. Future priorities and consideration of topics indicated for 2015 in the multi-year workplan.
Identical letters dated 9 October (S/2000/975) from the representative of Algeria addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council.
Articles 2 and 3
2. The Executive Board elected the following members of the Bureau for 2003:
The report also mentioned the existence of a draft law on the prevention and suppression of terrorism.
Unencumbered, in this, my new laboratory.
The 2005 World Summit had reaffirmed the Monterrey Consensus as the reference point for a meaningful global partnership.
129. Recognizes that international shipping rules and standards adopted by the International Maritime Organization in respect of maritime safety, efficiency of navigation and the prevention and control of marine pollution, complemented by best practices of the shipping industry, have led to a significant reduction in maritime accidents and pollution incidents, encourages all States to participate in the Voluntary International Maritime Organization Member State Audit Scheme, and notes the decision of the International Maritime Organization on a phased-in introduction of the Audit Scheme as an institutionalized process;
It's hard to decide what to buy when there are so many choices
However, this is basically how today's thin client applications work.
Costa Ricaa
Several representatives said that the report prepared by the secretariat on the matter had not addressed all the provisions of decision 26/9, and that detail was lacking on, for example, input from and commentary by the multilateral environmental agreements, accountability and the financial and administrative arrangements, including their legal bases.
Mainstreaming small island developing States issues in the United Nations system
Secondly, it should be driven by clearly articulated missions and objectives.
Mr. Bivero (Venezuela) (interpretation from Spanish): I should like to convey Venezuela's condolences to the people and the Government of Egypt following the tragic natural disaster in their country.
The captain gave the order for the ship to stand to.
Your friends, family, and colleagues may think you're crazy for passing up a promotion.
The economy’s most dynamic industries – namely, mining and tourism – are reserved for the military, which manages them in a business-like, profit-seeking way.
:: the value of assets frozen.
[For information – E/ICEF/1999/13]
"in February 2005, the then Chairman of the Council of Ministers asked the competent authorities and the U.S. to release the detained Bosnian-Herzegovinian citizens from Guantanamo base and return them to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The right to food is central to the success of these efforts at rebuilding local food systems.
I hope you've enjoyed your stay in Hangzhou.
Fifteen  percent discount to you.
Have words to speak very face to face ": Care about increasingly , lose right away increasingly dreadfully" .
Moreover, central banks make mistakes, as the Fed did in allowing the housing bubble to inflate.
Tannometers: Used to determine the tannic acid concentration of tanning solution.
14. Additional draft procedures for the Platform have been developed by the secretariat with input from Governments and other stakeholders during the intersessional period, as presented in the documents listed below.
 10. The convoy passed a Bosnia and Herzegovina checkpoint at 0820 hours with some difficulty, which may have been due to an apparent ignorance of the clearance on the part of the local commander.
Approved 2008/09
Security Council 2.30 p.m.
It organizes biannual meetings, chaired by the Secretary-General, with the heads of regional organizations and arrangements, including OAU.
It is in response to this situation that the concept of human security emerged.
2. In relation to point 21 on page 11 of the Matrix, the word "subsidiary" should replace the word "secondary".
All trying to erase the taste of wine on the ground, so there are will become soulless industrial products risk.
As soon as a slaughter comes to life, no excuse can cover up their abject behaviors, even elegant.
7. As indicated in the budget document, the proposed revised budget reflects the actual deployment of military, United Nations police, international and national staff as at 1 July 2009.
Improvement of the ports closely linked with the national economic development and volume of transit consignment of goods.
With a few exceptions, such as anthropological monographs of canoe design in Polynesia, the data's just too messy.
You will also need a legal copy of Windows XP, or -- better yet -- a legal Windows XP recovery disk from your PC's maker that is customized for your machine's hardware and factory-installed software.
How much social esteem and self-realization should be counted as part of survival needs?
IF itself organises an annual conference, meetings and workshops throughout the world.
(e) The role of States and other actors in taking forward multilateral nuclear disarmament negotiations for the achievement and maintenance of a world without nuclear weapons (moderated by Laurent Masmejean (Switzerland));
Disciplinary education is one of the important means to build the professional teachers' ethic of the students in a training college.
S/RES/1612 (2005), op. 9
In the period 2001-2004, the State, on three occasions in a run, issued directories listing the backward production capabilities, technologies and products that should be eliminated, and more than 30,000 enterprises that had wasted resources and caused serious pollution were winnowed out.Eight industries that consumed large amounts of resources and caused serious environmental pollution, i.e., those producing iron and steel, cement, electrolytic aluminum, iron alloy, calcium carbide, coking, saponin and chromic salt, were rectified, and the construction of over 1,900 projects was either stopped or postponed.
We view fresh gas entering the bed only in the form of gas bubbles.
Venezuela
B. Observer organizations in the intergovernmental process
It also provides for the participation of the family, the community and the people in education and guarantees the support of the communications media.
Total liabilities
21. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
Moderate low vision: persons with visual acuity from 6/60 to better than 6/120 and
Nicaragua neither produced nor consumed drugs or weapons; it was merely a transit country and, despite its limited resources, had taken significant steps to fight organized crime.
Is there a trash bin in your picture?
54. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution, as orally amended.
But there was a condition attached: “If he invested in Europe – it was the first-ever investment by Sequoia Capital in Europe – we had to relocate to California.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
Training of 75 kindergarten teachers on the modern training curriculum, Syria.
The Prosecutor intends to transfer 5 of them to national jurisdictions for trial and the remaining 11 will be brought to trial from 2006 onwards.
Moreover, detention should remain the exception, not the rule; evidence used should not have been collected through means of torture or other ill-treatment, including in the case of confessions; the accused needs to have access to the evidence that will be used as well as to witnesses, if any.
Morocco made recommendations.
29. As in the case of exports, the South American countries saw more dynamic import growth (up 24 per cent in 2006) than the Central American economies (up 14 per cent).
SDinttop
With Communists as its nucleus the regiment became famous as a crack force.
General idea: a man was releasing himself in the toilet; a pretty girl came out carrying rice and dishes on her hand.
president) What range of pay-scale are you interested in Money is important, but the responsibility that goes along with this job is what interests me the most.
The Additional Protocol made any publication of racist and xenophobic propaganda via computer networks a criminal offence.
Iran also allegedly incurred additional costs because, in order to encourage the non-returnees eventually to return to the border areas, it offered to pay their moving costs.
Given their different institutional structures and historical backgrounds, their recent restructurings have followed different paths.
He went forth, and had already walked far, an entire day's journey, when he found himself in a GREat forest.
The Department was working closely with all United Nations information centres using low-cost videoconferencing technology, and its immediate priority was to provide training; it was doing its best within the limited resources available.
The purpose of such an international arrangement would be to promote the implementation of internationally agreed actions on forests, at the national, regional and global levels, to provide a coherent, transparent and participatory global framework for policy implementation, coordination and development, and to carry out principal functions, based on the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, Non-legally Binding Authoritative Statement of Principles for a Global Consensus on the Management, Conservation and Sustainable Development of All Types of Forestry (Forest Principles), chapter 11 of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests (IPF)/Intergovernmental Forum on Forests (IFF) process, in a manner consistent with and complementary to existing international legally binding instruments relevant to forests.
In addition, the National Government has signed the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families and submitted it to the Senate for review.
The product shall be inspected and compliant with the Contract specifications at the place of unloading port by CIQ.
The European Union strongly believed in open markets, progressive trade liberalization and stronger multilateral rules.
In this regard, close cooperation with IAEA is essential.
2.30 p.m. Members of the NGO Steering Committee and International Federation of University Women (sponsored by UNICEF)
And diplomats are struggling to keep up with the pace of events.
Counting on the availability of the necessary resources, the three Panels are expected to start officially the review of category D, E and F claims during the first quarter of 1997 with the assistance of the required accountants and loss adjusters.
Implementation-related issues Financial resources
At its session in 2000, the Board reviewed the latest assessments of the evolving costs of each of these modifications in the context of the actuarial valuation of the Fund as at 31 December 1999.
Please fill  out the call slip first.
In fact, marketing, promotions and advertising companies comprise about 95 percent of the company's business.
3. Accommodating diversity in service provision, including a focus on common outcomes, education, health, social services and childcare, accommodation and the administration of justice.
The Committee further recommends the reinforcement of adequate and systematic training and/or sensitization of professional groups working with and for children, such as judges, lawyers, law enforcement personnel, teachers, school administrators, health personnel, including psychologists, social workers, officials of central or local administration and personnel of childcare institutions.
8. Uganda and Rwanda agree to use their good offices to persuade their respective allies to commit themselves to what they have already accomplished and to cooperate fully with the Facilitator for the successful completion of power-sharing arrangements.
Mr Bloom asked.
In the light of such circumstances it is quite natural that non-nuclear-weapon States with security concerns will consider self-defensive measures.
Cadmium waste streams from the industries mainly end up in soils.
The city so nice They named it twice. These words were used to describe New York when it was by far the largest, richest, and most developed city in the United States.
Doesn't it feel good to say it out loud?
In accordance with the European Council Resolution on minimum guarantees for asylum procedures, Finland aims, where necessary, at having the application for asylum processed by a competent female officer or at using a female interpreter, in particular, where it would otherwise be difficult for a female asylum seeker to present all grounds for her application due to traumatic experiences or reasons relating to her own cultural background.
To VC people, collect new fund is breeze affection no longer.
127.3 Ratify the OP-CAT (Ghana, Tunisia), as recommended previously in 2009 (Czech Republic) and take policy measures to prevent torture and ill-treatment (Estonia);
Order of review of communications
Gradually my mind came back again, my pulses quieted down to a more natural time, and I was once more in possession of myself.
22. Despite repeated commitments on the part of both the Government and UCPNM there has been no quantifiable progress in holding to account perpetrators of human rights violations.
Other members observed that it would be premature to decide on the nature of the instrument.
ACCOUNTING BY SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES
Adjournment of debate
Further, it suggests the entropy adaptative aggregation algorithm, by which we can make a strat.
289. Late in July, the Group visited ex-FRF soldiers at the Kananda regimentation centre in South Kivu, who complained about an alleged lack of payments and expressed concern about biometric registration, arguing that it would increase the likelihood of their being deployed outside the High Plateau.
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
52. An intense campaign of intimidation against the independent media took place during the Governors Island negotiations, when journalists reported the attacks on attempted demonstrations and other human rights violations that occurred during that period of high political tension.
As the level of agricultural production in our country is father low, and as there is not enough foodgrains for the whole population, it is necessary to strictly control increases in the urban population and those who live on grains sold on the market.
Also, this prevents artillery firing from the offset.
Sub-Commission resolution 1997/42
You know I just think they did overrate the energy that I had.
The fact that an individual is identified as a national of one State should in no way prevent him or her from also identifying himself or herself with other ethnic or national origins.
During the latter part of this reporting period (2008), IAIA and the UNEP Trade and Environment Section began working together to plan the IAIA10 annual conference, with the theme "Transitioning to a green economy" -- a focus of UNEP as well as IAIA.
I can't believe you eat dog. Don't you have a heart?
79. He reported that a road map for change was already available - what was required was the early implementation of those elements with which UNOPS could start, while simultaneously embarking on a dialogue concerning more complex issues.
9. Also requests the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to include in its report on a culture of peace, to be submitted to the Millennium Assembly, information on the progress made in the implementation of the Follow-up Plan of Action for the United Nations Year for Tolerance.
The Public Transportation Card can also be used in Subway and City Rails but no discount on the ticket fares will be given.
A gathering of the modern equivalents of Metternich, Castlereagh, Alexander I, and Talleyrand is also a dream: there are none.
If you are in doubt about the exact detail of something, you can say: I forget . . . / I forget . . . e.g. I forget the exact name.
15. Decides to give full attention to these issues at its fiftieth session under the same agenda item.
The overall objective of its work in the area of trade will be to contribute to enhancing coherence between national development strategies and regional and global economic processes with a view to assuring development gains from international trade and trade negotiations.
10 194 (2.4% of District Population) (1)
Note by the Chair
The Revolution will be complete when the language is perfect.
Disarmament has always been a major preoccupation of the international community for reasons that are self-evident.
Hauling the quivering fish aboard, the old man thought it a good omen.
So you can try to pull rank on the hick here all you want, but don't mistake my patience for weakness.
In April 2001, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs and the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification convened a Panel of Eminent Personalities to consider the poverty -- environment nexus in the context of the timely and effective implementation of the Convention and with the aim of contributing further to the debate leading to the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
In subsequent reports to the Commission at its fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth sessions (E/CN.4/1998/79 and E/CN.4/1999/15), the Special Rapporteur highlighted some of the measures adopted by the Brazilian Government to implement his recommendations.
 The campaign made use of posters on the street and public transportation, unpaid public service announcements on television and in the print media, refugee camp visits by movie and television script writers and a school project that reached 3.3 million children in one country alone.
In some cases, these incidents have been examined to determine whether a crime has been committed under Section 164 of the Criminal Code (incitement) or Section 165 (advocating a crime).
A simulation environment is lastly established based on the Gridsim toolkit.
At the recent European Union regional meeting on conflict prevention, held in Sweden in August, both the Council of Europe and the United Nations were able to share valuable experiences of practical cooperation in this field.
Similar concerns were echoed by the CoE Committee of Ministers and ECRI.
The shedding of an outer integument or layer of skin,as by insects,crustaceans,and snakes;molting.
Specific objectives of the Programme were to speed up the development of vaccines that met developing country needs, bring forward the availability of effective vaccines by scaling up productive capacity to meet their vaccines' demand, accelerate vaccine uptake by predictable vaccine pricing for countries and manufacturers, and test the concept for potential applications.
Often and little eating makes a man fat.
THIRD COMMITTEE
AS 5
Any messages for me
Who's you that? I'll go out punch you.
The indicators exhibit negligible differences as a whole between boys and girls aged under five.
Is rent / mortgage repayment deductible from income?
I am Rome Myller from the VOA News Center in Washington.
In addition, it was stated that no acts of terrorism had taken place on Danish territory during the year 2000.
Computer file
(b) In Arab States: Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and United Arab Emirates;
49. The past decade has seen a significant movement from technology policies to technology and innovation policies in the developing world.
The increasing diversity of peacekeeping operations, in addition to the rapid growth in the number of personnel involved, posed new challenges for Member States, the Security Council and the Secretariat.
To end the practice of forced marriage it is not enough that the countries in the western world put this issue on their agenda.
11 October 2005 A further reminder was sent.
277.Do you serve soft drinks
5. Representatives of various United Nations bodies participated in the forty-first and forty-second sessions of AALCO, held at Abuja1 and Seoul,2 respectively.
Our question today is from Feifei's home town.
May God help you to spread your message to more and more people to know Almighty as well as Mother Mary she is the way to the Saviour who was crucified for sinners like me.
Moreover, the scourge of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons has been spreading, defying boundaries.
That included food assistance for 339,642 people (9.7 per cent of the 3.5 million people) and essential relief items for 60,482 people (1.7 per cent of the 3.5 million people).
2010–11 Uruguayan Primera División season
 123. The United Nations Information Service translated into Thai and distributed the Vienna Conference brochure.
49. Other recommendations revolve around the need to integrate indigenous peoples' concerns, perspectives and practices into development processes in order to expand paradigms on how development ought to work.
UNEG will look at the quality of the results framework for an early self-assessment of progress, and the lessons learned from this will be shared with the Executive Board as part of a plan of action within the 2008-2011 cycle.
Once the fish lurched suddenly, pulling Santiago forward on his face and cutting his cheek
3. Further welcomes the growing number of States parties to the Optional Protocol to the Convention,6 which now stands at eighty-nine, and urges other States parties to the Convention to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocol;
The Victims' Charter contains specific provisions in relation to keeping victims informed of the outcome of their complaints, the progress of any criminal proceedings, and the outcome of these proceedings.
This is Jenny from Bibury Systems in the UK
7. Each meeting will be conducted by a Chair, elected for that meeting among UN-Oceans participants present at the meeting.
'I bought it from a man on the street who was selling these out of the trunk of his car,' said Mr. Talley, who paired the sparkly cap with an understated gray suit at Oscar de la Renta's pre-fall show on Monday
A. UNDP approach
For the senior officials segment, the following officers were elected:
Honduras
Citigroup has been hammered by the fallout from the subprime-mortgage debacle and its repercussions in financial markets.
4.3 The State party further claims that the communication should be declared inadmissible ratione temporis by the Committee, the author's property having been forfeited a long time before the entry into force of the Covenant and the Optional Protocol for the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic.
The attendance has increased since we reduced the price of ticket.
A Party which is a regional economic integration organization may make a declaration with like effect in relation to arbitration in accordance with the procedures referred to in subparagraph (b) above.
30. The Committee recommended that the Government provide more detailed information in the next report on violence against women, including rape, wife battering, child abuse, incest and other forms of physical and psychological violence against women.
Tendering process based on the Government's Stores and Procurement Regulations and subject to approval of the Central Tender Board
By negotiating as a unit, China can hide behind the needs of its bloc partners in a way it never could if it was negotiating on its own.
In paragraph 7 of the resolution, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report at its sixty-fourth session on the implementation of the resolution.
Yet I am poor and needy; may the Lord think of me. You are my help and my deliverer; O my God, do not delay.
9. The impact of open-registry fleets creates a statistical bias in the analysis of the fleet capabilities of the small island developing States group. Open registries are legal mechanisms used to draw merchant tonnage from countries with more stringent safety regulations and higher operating costs to countries offering more flexibility in operation and taxation and lower registration fees.
Regulatory Affairs Mgr (Competition) 1
45. The report proposes that an integrated security sector coordination and policy planning structure be created under the auspices of UNPOS to ensure that (a) the range of assistance currently provided to the Somali security sector is coordinated and integrated at both the technical and the strategic levels and (b) international assistance policy in the security sector is coordinated and led by UNPOS.
This system has multiple functions such as traction force detection, traction force control, traction force and time display and alam when overload eta.
Additionally, the Defence Forces train lawyers in reserve to act as legal advisers in case of armed conflict.
Her original experience in this same place had given her a high opinion of its merits.
It was deeply concerned that an estimated 9.8 per cent of the population in El Salvador have not been registered at birth and do not have a birth certificate.
(min)
Allowances and Elderly Residential Care Expenses
Could require direct access by inspector
(e) International cooperation to address money-laundering based on relevant United Nations and other instruments;
Head and shoulders, knees and toes, eyes, ears, mouth and nose.
The difference of KWD 5,042,000 is KOTC's estimate of the normal profits that Agency Branch would have earned during the claim period.
and all the international conventions and protocols against terrorism, including those recently entered into force,
Since then, strong and sustained commitments and coordinated efforts aimed at prevention programmes -- including national public information campaigns and the promotion of a 100 per cent condom use programme -- have led to a dramatic decrease in the incidence of HIV infection, with a tenfold reduction in new infections.
The aim or goal pursued is not decisive.
21 July 2006
The executive information report on management was found lacking in provisions for a comprehensive assessment of senior managers' performance in programmatic and leadership functions.
B. Recommendation for Struers 129 39
Fruitless efforts have been made for years to find the formulas to revitalize the highest globally representative organ.
Security
Between 2005 and 2007, the market share of China's leading seven soybean processors increased from 56 per cent to 65 per cent.
Yes, of course, you can, if it amuses you.
The agitation was created by rumours.
Don't Aim for Perfection Getting it done well and on time is much more important than doing it Perfectly. 3.
But I've never seen any  caustic  remarks by Churchill on his mother tongue.
Dust lay thick on the desk in his room.
B. Contingent-owned equipment system
In its report, the technical assessment mission recommended that specific reference to the provision of support by UNIOGBIS in this area was no longer necessary, as this role is played by UNDP and the control of small arms and light weapons should be carried out through law enforcement approaches.
High indebtedness also persists in agriculture (15.6 million somoni, or 49.6 per cent of total indebtedness), construction (5.5 million somoni, or 17.6 per cent) and industry (7.0 million somoni, or 22.4 per cent).
Diamond, get a shot. Get him off me.
33. Development Account
Break out of the old circles. Branch out.
5.4 As to the State party's view that there is no general need for protection of asylumseekers from Azerbaijan, the complainants submit that they have never made such a claim, but rely on their argument that R.K. is currently personally at risk.
You’ll need to collect qualitative information – read local papers, talk to people there, and go out and see for yourself.
Having considered further the item entitled "The situation of democracy and human rights in Haiti",
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 58/269, the revised subprogramme 7, Subregional activities for development, as presented in the present proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009 will be submitted for the review of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-seventh session.
Ms. Bader discussed the increasing pressure on companies to speak out about human rights abuses remote from their immediate area of operation.
i repeat, the president-elect clipped the lojack on one of the dogs. smart fellow.
Enrolment at college of Health Sciences
4. Institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters:
Many of the deaths and disabilities resulting from common diseases and malnutrition were preventable.
In this respect, the Committee refers to its remarks on the establishment of a Personnel Conduct Officer post in paragraph 25 of document A/59/736/Add.11 and stresses the necessity of urgent remedial action.
The Committee notes with satisfaction that, in the majority of cases, the investigation of cases of enforced disappearance is carried out by specialized bodies, namely the National Public Prosecutor's Office in Rotterdam and the International Crimes Team of the National Police Services Unit.
(b) To promote research in the field of women's and gender studies;
There is a long history of legislating such spending cuts, only to reverse them in subsequent years.
Alone, among all creatures, whether to avoid or to overcome the evils of the flesh, man has the aid of reason and of intelligence, and the hope of immortality.
The CTC would be pleased to be informed of the outcomes of this process.
Some Olympic teams are not as bothered about the pollution threat.
Biennium
United Nations system organizations resort to offshoring in a piecemeal and ad hoc manner, often in reaction to severe funding shortages, rather than planning and developing an offshoring policy based on the analysis of alternative sourcing options with a long-term vision.
Before the creation of the FASB the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of the Certified Public Accountants fulfilled the function of formulating accounting principles.
Over 550 trade policy officials and academics had been trained, forming a network from the five developing regions since 2001.
Finally, the Heads of State emphasize "the need for the General Assembly to continue consideration of the responsibility to protect populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity and its implications, bearing in mind the principles of the Charter and international law (emphases ours).
He has great qualities , ambition , discipline, tactical awareness and of course he is a great goalscorer.
References for the sixty-eighth session (agenda item 27 (d))
It expressed concern about the insufficient assistance to internally displaced persons, sexual violence and the trafficking in children, maternal mortality, HIV/AIDS, gender-based violence and the continued imposition of the death penalty.
The servers have all been reset but they might be a bit sketchy until later today.
Promote common monitoring and reporting processes to governing bodies and joint approaches to evaluations;
Small Claims Tribunal Suitors Fund Account
The case concerning oil platforms(ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN V UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) is a judgment made by ICJ in recent years, and mainly deals with the use of force in international law.
47. Cost-benefit analysis of adaptation actions should take note of all potential benefits, especially health-related ones.
3 September 1999
36. This bill, taking into account comparative law and the effectiveness of the work of this institution in other parts of the world, would grant the Ombudsman broad powers to receive and process complaints of acts, circumstances or omissions that represent an illegitimate, irregular, abusive, arbitrary, discriminatory, negligent, seriously inappropriate or ineffective use of public authority.
22nd meeting
Summary record of the 16th meeting
Telephone: 2629 4398
The Committee adopted the draft resolution, by a recorded vote of 175 to 5, with 5 abstentions.
Troops*
It also expresses appreciation for the frank and sincere dialogue held with the delegation as well as the responses provided to the list of issues and the wide range of questions posed by Committee members.
This would make the system a potential ASAT weapon.
Mr. Fredrick Kossam (Malawi)
It is important to establish an effective global economic governance mechanism, with clear powers and lines of accountability involving all institutions and actors, an effective global reserve currency and tight control over speculative capital.
The majority of layoffs will be in France and Germany, where most Airbus production is based, but factories in Britain and Spain also face job cuts.
The bullying of senior Justice Department and FBI officials by House committees has been without precedent since the anti-communist witch hunts of the 1950s.
In general, housing conditions in Cyprus are fairly satisfactory, reflecting the relatively comfortable standard of living enjoyed by most of the population.
Are you sick? No, I just want to track my stress level.
We will now take a decision on draft resolutions I to III.
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, Gabon, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mexico, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Samoa, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
United Nations system-wide perspectives on key development issues were communicated to Member States also through the holding of joint side events at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development and the eighteenth session of the Conference of Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Notre-Dame-de-Bon-Secours Chapel
Tanegashima Space Center, Kagoshima, Japan
Don't give me a dirty look; it's not my fault.
UNFPA is currently undertaking a mapping of migration activities at country level to better inform institutional policy and to enable the sharing of good practices.
8.6 The author has alleged a violation of article 9, paragraph 1, of the Covenant.
The Presidents of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela, gathered in Quito, Ecuador, within the framework of the fifteenth Andean Presidential Council,
Note by the Director-General (IDB.40/11/Add.1)
25. The implementation strategy addresses primarily the ministries of education, which have the main responsibility for primary and secondary education at national level.
193. The Committee regrets the State party's persistent view that trafficking in children is not an issue in the Maldives and the lack of preventive measures, including legislative measures, in this regard.
The Council members demanded that all States in the region express their commitment to extending support for the possible deployment of that force.
The list contains documents issued by 2 p.m. on Thursday, 6 December 2007.
In a whirl of transactions, the risk of sharp practice, including insider dealing, may well grow.
Ye do the deeds of your father.
He was gasping away, finding it very hard to breathe properly.
He spends a significant amount of his time at his computer.
You said to me we were gonna cross swords. you promised.
And immediately the leprosy departed from him.
As explicit knowledge is easy to imitate and transfer, the conversion of explicit knowledge was presented.
Part C ORSO Schemes
This view is clearly indicated in the maxim which obtains universally in Western Europe锛?Nemo in communione potest invitus detineri 锛堚€淣o one can be kept in co-proprietorship against his will鈥濓級銆?But in India this order of ideas is reversed锛?and it may be said that separate proprietorship is always on its way to become proprietorship in common.
The dollar track pension is adjusted by the movement of the United States consumer price index, while the local track pension is adjusted by the movement of the consumer price index of the country of residence.
(b) To continue to issue and update publications on the various aspects of the question of Palestine in all fields, including materials concerning the recent developments in that regard, in particular the prospects for peace;
(iii) ILO Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 100): Turkey ratified the ILO Convention No. 100 on 14 April 1967 and submitted its report covering the period from 1 June 2002 to 30 May 2004;
The new rules stop short of preferring institutional care to adoption, but that is often what they amount to, in practical terms.
The programmes are aligned with regional and national policies and priorities and promote ownership by partner countries.
The Hawaiian Ancestors greeted her with great joy.
Access to primary education is universal.
In Brazil, the growing list of blue-chip casualties includes paper-pulp giant Aracruz Celulose SA and industrial conglomerate Grupo Votorantim.
Such a unanimous acceptance once obtained is final.
Oman
Method: with the microwave extraction to extract the arecoline, with thin - layer scanner to test the method.
Prices determine how resources are to be used
21. The Executive Committee,
So we have come here today to dramatize the shameful condition.
Our prevailing templates for describing fire are similarly misdirected.
Bangladesh–China relations
Benefits and Personnel Services
International staff: decrease of 9 posts (1 P-5, 1 P-4, 2 P-3, 5 Field Service)
r Admitted as a member on 22 July 2008 (see Economic and Social Council resolution 2008/8).
The attention of the Third Committee is drawn to decision 4 (55), contained in chapter I of the report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 18 (A/54/18). in particular paragraphs 1 and 2.
Thanks to educational programmes and the promotion of substitution activities, the number of drug addicts had decreased and many communities had been freed from the scourge of narcotics, with a significant reduction in related crime.
Zhongshan Island
Probably the most important thing he taught them was how to get along with the Indians
As he was in a hurry, he simply got a takeaway from a nearby fast food shop.
How about you, Harry?
 9.16. To finance the needed infrastructure and services in a balanced manner, taking into account the interests of the poor segments of society, local and national government agencies should consider introducing equitable cost-recovery schemes and increasing revenues by appropriate measures.
Don't get careless. Knock him on his ass!
There Daniel displayed exceptional courage and faith by saying no to some of the king's demands and remaining committed to serving God.
6.Knowledge makes humble, ignorance makes proud
Also dermal lesions and chloracne like symptoms have been observed in laboratory and domestic animals.
President: H.E. Mr. John Ashe (Antigua and Barbuda)
The Government of Indonesia has left no stone unturned in this endeavour and is firmly committed towards building a mutually beneficial and harmonious relationship with a future independent, democratic and stable East Timor.
. nature - committee/panel (ad hoc/standing, rapporteur)
Those gains are important.
The whole of life , so to speak, is involved in the pursuit of the good life.
The second regular session of the UNICEF Executive Board will take place from 10 to 14 December 2001 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
UNDP will work with its partners to strengthen the effectiveness of the system.
Commander, HVO
Compared to this plan and based on the experience the previous four years of GAPI activities, SEPI has improved.
The voting was as follows:
Preparations for the twelfth session of the General Conference (IDB.33/12)
154. The prejudicial effects of insufficient remuneration were not limited to recruitment and retention.
"Excuse me, Mr. Mayor--"
15. In respect of each sponsoring State, provide the date of deposit of its instrument of ratification of, or accession or succession to, the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and the date of its consent to be bound by the Agreement relating to the Implementation of Part XI of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982.
The 1978 Vienna Convention on Succession of States in respect of Treaties contains only one provision on reservations, namely article 20, which is worded as follows:
It called on its development partners to provide assistance in that area.
We are sure that his dream will come true
Mr. Manjeev Puri (India) said that he concurred with the statement made by the representative of Pakistan.
The various registries of the Dispute Tribunal have been recording these orders and judgments differently, and although they are aware of the problem and are working to resolve it, it is difficult at this stage to say with accuracy how many "cases" remain pending at 31 May 2011.
Section 14 $13,658,800a
This has had a negative impact on their ability to determine the direction of their own societies, including in decision-making on matters that affect their rights and interests.
"Take also a few in number from them and bind them in the edges of your robes
Welcome new and old customers and come from all walks of life, calls, incoming letter discussion service.
MIM-23 Hawk
Target 2004-2005: 50 countries
Harbin is in the northeastern part of our country.
In medieval Europe, pictures of men playing a game with hooked sticks appear on stained-glass windows at both the Canterbury and Gloucester cathedrals. It became so popular by the Middle Ages that it was banned in England for a time because it interfered with the practice of archery, which was the basis for national defense.
30. Landlocked developing countries, including through their missions in Geneva, should strengthen their substantive cooperation with the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on matters of particular interest to landlocked developing countries, including trade, development and interrelated issues in the areas of finance, technology, investment, and sustainable and inclusive development.
This paper falls into five parts:Part one: the historical origin and inheriting forms of the festive activity.
30. A cooperative store, established in 1967, is open three times a week for a short period.
Also at the same meeting, a statement was made by a civil society representative.
Second, the author does a research and theoretic analysis on the book business development in three aspects: 1.
2 February 2000
Someone ends up a vegetable, and we’re not talking about the yummy, delicious kind.
"I understand, Mother, and quite agree, but I'm disappointed about Meg, for I'd planned to have her marry Teddy by-and-by and sit in the lap of luxury all her days.
Nowadays, we have virtual teams interacting across the globe in virtual meetings without having to leave the office.
46. In conclusion, she stressed the need for realistic and achievable targets.
The amendment reaffirmed the principle of sovereignty of Member States -- a principle that had never been contested by the Organization -- and urged them to implement their obligations under international human rights law.
Poverty and below average living conditions result in nutritional deficiencies, poor housing and inadequate sanitation.
Accordingly, the Committee takes the view that States parties are required to ensure that education conforms to the aims and objectives identified in article 13 (1), as interpreted in the light of the World Declaration on Education for All (Jomtien, Thailand, 1990) (art. 1), the Convention on the Rights of the Child (art. 29 (1)), the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (Part I, para. 33 and Part II, para. 80), and the Plan of Action for the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education (para. 2).
Do not use the subject "I" , use tenses in the past. Except for your present job. Example: Graduated from Tsinghua University.
Key findings of these reviews would inform the global strategy.
see , i was right . everything ' s good . everybody loves you
See Council decisions 2011/214, 2011/269 and 2011/270.
In order to reduce the temperature necessary toaccomplish boiling, vacuum evaporation is often used.
56. The delegation thanked Norway, Slovenia and Sweden for addressing the issue of the proper implementation of provisions for therapeutic abortion.
ORIGINAL: FRENCH
Before we talk about the actual tennis, let's throw some intangibles in there.
If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.
O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.
While the particular role and responsibility of the Southern Sudan High Committee vis-à-vis the National Elections Commission and the State committees in Southern Sudan was not further clarified under the Act, the Commission has since delegated to the Southern Sudan High Committee primary responsibility for supervision of the election of the President of the Government of Southern Sudan and of the Southern Sudan Legislative Assembly, in coordination with it and the State high committees in the south.
Donau Chemie
Mr. MacKay (New Zealand): We are very pleased -- and I personally am very pleased -- to see you, Sir, in the Chair of the First Committee.
72. At the invitation of the Chairperson, Mr. Valenzuela (European Community) took a place at the Committee table.
The series forms a meaningful fine construction out of thoughts on human body and its expression by a young artist of the new millennium.
– To establish a single legal system appropriate to a democratic State;
This service would be of particular value to smaller agencies.
11. Stresses the urgent need to mobilise the financial, logistical and other support required for AMIS, and calls on member states and regional organisations to provide further assistance, in particular to permit the early deployment of two additional battalions during the transition to UNAMID;
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryin'to get my head straight.
Not all wealth managers follow the Apcims indices as they are retrospective.
In other words, capitalism is not self-creating, self-sustaining, self-regulating, or self-stabilizing.
No key may be duplicated outside the hotel. Should this happen, severe disciplinary action will be taken against the offender.
Of that number, 1,094 were new or non-recurrent filers.
I needed a dream When it all seemed to go bad Then I found you And I have had the most beautiful dreams Any man's ever had When I first saw you I said, "Oh, my "Oh, my, that's my dream "That's my dream"
Among other reports worth mentioning is the 1975 report of the Group of Experts on the Structure of the United Nations System entitled "A new United Nations Structure for Global Economic Co-operation", also known from the name of the Chairman as the Gardner Report, which recommended the establishment of a United Nations Development Authority which was to consolidate funds for technical cooperation and pre-investment activities.
[12 November 1999]
They briefed the representatives on recent developments in their respective committees and noted a number of innovative approaches towards the harmonization of working methods and the improvement of the treaty body system as a whole.
School curricula, textbooks and teaching materials should be informed by and address human rights themes and seek to promote mutual respect and tolerance among nations and racial and ethnic groups.
Like a bird flies in the sky.
Central African Republic.
E Busi is also enough to eat
Security Council resolution 1810 (2008); 25 April 2011
Disease, languor, doubt, carelessness, laziness, sensuality, delusion, impotency and instability are the obstacles that distract the mind.
Eritrea
Then he put his hand into his pocket, and took out a phrase-book
`Oh no, you won't!
If you take some time to get ready, before you quit your job, you will be set for a smooth transition.
Confidence- and security-building measures are valuable tools in fostering trust and security among States.
Article 3
The complexity of most systems has grown far beyond the ability of any single individual to maintain completely in his or her mind.
The Mission encountered difficulties in verifying whether there was due process in this case, but confirmed that the authorities were insisting on linking it to ordinary crime and ruling out political motives.
It should promote instruments aimed at improving standards along the supply chain, including the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
Minimum Wage or Living Income?
(d) Further develop and support the use of controlled delivery, consistent with the 1988 Convention, and other special investigative techniques, both nationally and internationally, consistent with their national legislation;
The other toys recalled Thursday include buckets, children's gardening tools, flashing rings and children's jewelry.
Responses to letters of allegations and urgent appeals
Don't go and tell me that you buried Cly.
He tries to explain to the doctor that he really is Death, claiming to have "first gotten depressed during the Black Plague. "
Botswana has already received a peer review mission, in accordance with the requirements of the Kimberley Process, and we have participated in peer review missions to a number of countries.
of Azerbaijan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at UNITAR (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 1 (212) 963-9196).
For further information, please contact Mr. François Vandeville (tel. 1 (212) 702-4963; e-mail francois.vandeville @diplomatie.gouv.fr); press contact: Mr. Axel Cruau (tel. 1 (212) 702-4943; e-mail axel.cruau@diplomatie.gouv.fr).]
Sales of discretionary food and drink items, including bottled water and non-carbonated juices, and other drinks, are also dropping.
In general, Science and Technology Parks have proved to be useful vehicles for research-industry interactions.
It also looked to the perceptions of third parties, since it agreed that the location of a debtor's COMI should be readily ascertainable by third parties.
This negative trend is occurring in other nations as well, as the proportion of Indigenous women in prison increases.
Investors are more pessimistic about equity markets than at any time in the past decade, according to a poll of global fund managers.
Parties increasingly reported that new and revised measures in this sector were undertaken primarily within a GHG policy framework.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 13 May 2014
11. Regardless of the outcome of the referendum, the Government of Tokelau remained committed to self-determination and was confident that it would receive continuing support from New Zealand and other countries.
Global Environment Facility (GEF). The functions within the AIJ described for the host country participants included: acting as a government contact for activity implementation, ownership of the facility at the activity site, local investor and developer, agencies that are responsible for reporting on and implementing AIJ, emissions testing, and activity evaluation.
Continued implementation support of regional & national macroeconomic, fiscal, financial and debt management capacity through Phase ll of the Caribbean Regional Technical Assistance Centre project.
The manager asker her to alter the mistake on the price-tag.
76. Pursuant to Council resolution 7/9, the Advisory Committee, at its 8th meeting, on 7 August, held a discussion on the human rights of persons with disabilities. A representative from OHCHR made a presentation.
6. Address by His Excellency Joseph Kabila Kabange, President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
They see that I'm awake and come over to speak to me.
How can we manage to carry so many things?
The transition of functions and operations must enable the Mechanism to commence its operations while maintaining the capacity of the two Tribunals to carry out their activities and complete the remaining trials and appeals.
15. The Republic of Cuba, which was a party to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and the Additional Protocols of 1977, had done everything necessary to ensure respect for the rules set out in those instruments, notably the rules relating to the protection of civilians in situations of armed conflict.
Adequate financial and human resources should be made available.
In his country, the industrial sector was one of the main sectors contributing to speeding up the pace of economic development, making efficient use of technology and human resources.
28. The Executive Committee,
The Security Council proceeded to vote on draft resolution S/2005/591, and adopted it unanimously as resolution 1626 (2005) (for the text, see S/RES/1626 (2005); to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2005-31 July 2006).
"It isn't.
:: Cooperation with the social welfare offices, the declaration of residency offices, the employment offices and other services and institutions.
This principle should not be subject to any balancing with considerations of the type of criminal conduct an individual is accused or suspected of.
CHAPTER XIV THE LAST SQUARE Several squares of the Guard, motionless amid this stream of the defeat, as rocks in running water, held their own until night.
20. Measures that have been taken to support women's entrepreneurship, and more generally, to enhance the situation of women in the informal sector, and the impact of these measures.
Hillary Clinton in her own words Hillary Clinton in her own words After you graduated from Wellesley, you went to Yale Law School, you were one of only 27 women out of 235 students.
39. During the reporting period, the Committee continued to carry out its activities under the Optional Protocol to the Convention.
There had been an increase in settlement activity, ongoing restriction of movement of Palestinians living in the West Bank with some 600 checkpoints, the continued holding of some 12,000 Palestinian prisoners and the tragedy of Gaza.
9. Continuing along these lines, the Government of El Salvador, under the auspices of UNDP and with the support of United Nations agencies, initiated a broad process of consultation with various sectors for the elaboration of the country document “National Reconstruction and Transformation Plan”, which was presented to the Consultative Group at Stockholm.
128.175. Continue to intensify cooperation with civil society organisations in order to debate on human rights issues and coordinate their follow-up and implementation on the ground (Pakistan); 128.176.
Securing conditions in which the rule of law could flourish had been one of the very purposes for which the United Nations had been founded.
(d) Perform such advisory services, within the available resources of its secretariat, as the countries of the region may desire, provided that such services do not overlap with those rendered by the specialized agencies or the United Nations Development Programme;
There were 22 holds placed on the 1267 Committee petitions at the end of 2005, 11 of which related to proposed listings.
Accordingly, it is not presented.
The incompatibility between democracy and racism
Sir Francis,' said Mr Fogg quietly, we will, if you please, look about for some means of conveyance to Allahabad.
French-American Jason-2 oceanography satellite
37. During the 105th, 106th and 107th sessions, the Centre for Civil and Political Rights continued to webcast the examination of all States parties' reports as well as other public meetings of interest.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the Government of Myanmar would benefit from a dialogue with the Committee in view of the widespread sexual violence against women and girls that prevails in the country.
Reply to the Hon Chan Yuen-han
In addition, the Office received one formal complaint of retaliation.
The former Udinese forward was called up to the Italy squad for Tuesday's game with Brazil but failed to get off the bench.
Hast thou an arm like God?
In the 2006 PISA science results, Finland's worst students did 80% better than the OECD average for the worst group;
With the spirit of reclprocity and long-term cooperation, we keep on providing quality products with sincere attitude and competitive price to our customers.
We added the ability to run tests that have manual and automated steps to help users with exploratory testing.
You may have experienced the cannot mount rootfs error (followed by your Linux host getting a kernel panic) after you reboot your system.
The conference should be a forum where States have an opportunity to consolidate their ties based on cooperation with a view to controlling terrorism and preventing it from increasing.
Yasovarman II
It helps individuals but risks creating incentives for other girls to be kidnapped into servitude.
The increased use of lower value commodities has enabled WFP to maintain the volume of food-aid shipments for development at about 2.6 million tons for the biennium.
Lawsuits
The tool collecting case of the utility model has simple structure and is convenient to use and easy to produce.
3. Before turning to the details of the three programmes mentioned above, which relate to the activities of the current three departments in the economic, social and related areas, the European Union would like to make a general comment on the organization of the Secretariat.
Moreover, the volatility of private capital could trigger international financial crises, as had happened recently in south-east Asia.
Now Israel loved Joseph more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a coat of many colours.
Objective To observe the clinic effect of tumescent technique for skin grafting .
Westbound 501 please check again.Westbound 501 Be attention to return to the station.Do you copy?
According to an Amnesty International report, the Oslo Accords have created 227 separate areas under Palestinian control.
In the newly established monitoring programmes the methods for sampling and analysis of persistent organic pollutants in air and human samples were conducted in accordance with the guidance on the global monitoring plan.
The most efficient way to keep ourselves fit is exercise.
Fax: (+41 22) 797 3460; E-mail: ssc@chemicals.unep.ch
During this period, UNHCR activities in eastern Zaire were mainly focused on locating the Rwandan refugees, providing emergency assistance and repatriating them by air and land from various locations.
All projects integrate results-based budgeting.
:: Graduate of the National School of Administration, Algiers.
(f) Harmonize trust fund overheads across the United Nations.
As such, globalization, when seen as the increasing integration of the world economy, makes undemocratic tendencies and poor government performance great liabilities to any country.
This need for an agreement in order for satisfaction to take place was implicit in the use of the verb "offer".
Registration of Persons (Support) Section, 12/F Immigration Tower, 7 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.
And we just write it here.
95. Under a framework facility with the European Commission for the financing of SMEs in EU accession countries, EBRD has provided dedicated SME credit lines to 10 banks in Bulgaria and Romania for a total of 128 million euros; as of the end of 2002, 2,300 loans had been extended.
A less-researched aspect of the phenomenon was its physical and psychological effect on women who were not involved in prostitution themselves, but whose partners were prostitutes' clients.
Slovenia
2.B. Explanation of the rationale for the Regular Process, and the need to ensure regular assessments of the marine environment, including socioeconomic aspects (including an explanation of what is new in the first global integrated marine assessment).
25. United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Sierra Leone
The Committee notes with appreciation that the well-informed and high-ranking delegation contributed to an informative and constructive dialogue.
I appeal to all Member States that have implemented such restrictions to lift them immediately in the interest of the safety and security of staff.
Freedom to breed will bring ruin to all.
First, as regards youth and employment, in our National Youth Development Strategy to the Year 2010, which was approved by the Government in 2003, unemployment was identified as the biggest difficulty currently facing our young people.
22. Undoubtedly, there is room for improvement in each and every country.
22. Mr. Ajawin (Sudan) said that the principle of universal jurisdiction was still in its infancy and there was no international consensus as to its scope and application or on the safeguards and rules of evidence associated with it.
Seeking to impose a policy of isolation and diplomatic pressure against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is incompatible with those principles.
Nogi Shrine
Japan: Wataru Nishigahiro, Hideki Ito, Yasufumi Enomura, Masahiko Tanoi, Hidefumi Kurasaka, Hirotsugu Ikeda, Akikazu Adachi, Takemasa Minemoto, Nobumasa Nakashima, Kiyofumi Kobayashi, Yutaka Yoshino
Objective : To study and evaluate the efficacy of APOFIX internal fixation system in posterior cervical fixation.
However, these should not alter the mandate or the scope of the work of the Economic and Social Council, as set out in the Charter.
They expressed praise at the central role played by the High Commissioner and the work done by her Office over the previous twenty years.
4. The objectives of the Centre are to enhance technical cooperation among the members and associate members of ESCAP as well as other interested States Members of the United Nations, through extensive exchange of information and sharing of commercially successful machinery and technology, and to promote research and development and extension of agricultural engineering including machinery and rural industry for poverty reduction in the region.
A declaration may be withdrawn at any time by notification to the Secretary-General, but such a withdrawal shall not affect communications pending before the Committee.
Geneva, 15 - 19 October 2012
For instance, it failed to create the necessary conditions for the safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees, and it did not facilitate any confidence-building programs.
Conclusions Incidence of children nasopharyngeal carcinoma was related to total cases of this tumor in the same year.
Article 10.9: Obligations relevant to domestic production for domestic use, and import from any source
43. Fostering tolerance through education is one of the priorities of Lithuania's presidency of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) in the human domain, therefore much attention was devoted to the Holocaust.
Coalvale, Kansas
The service in this restaurant is very slow.
Member States which are not members of the Committee are invited to participate in the meeting as observers and to use the registration form on the Web site of the Committee.
But you should have seen my mom and dad when they came in with hot chocolate and rolls at ten this morning ... and your bed was empty.
The States parties to this Convention
B. Work/life policies
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
The Inspectors found that the above criteria have not been discussed nor established to determine when "legitimate reasons" might be applicable.
All weaknesses and shortcomings relating to ICT hosting services identified by the Inspectors in this report can be addressed through effective ICT governance.
(c) To immediately reverse its decision to unfreeze the planning process on the E-1 plan which, if implemented, would seriously undermine the prospects of a negotiated resolution of the conflict by jeopardizing the prospects of a contiguous and viable Palestinian State and of Jerusalem as the future capital of two States, and could also entail the forced transfer of the Palestinian civilian population;
" Shopping is considered a pastime for many people in this small city-state of 4.6 million and cosmetics counters at department stores on central Orchard Road are often crowded.
8. Calls upon relevant entities of the United Nations system, including funds, programmes, specialized agencies and regional commissions, in particular the Economic Commission for Africa, and invites all relevant international and regional organizations to contribute to the review upon request;
Germany made a recommendation.
I've got good news and bad news, the owner replied
We also reaffirmed it in Geneva, at the European Population Forum, held in January 2004.
The Group may also wish to consider how to expand on the present analysis, including perhaps by developing a set of standardized recommendations for issues encountered, which could assist governmental experts in drafting country review reports.
157. The Council considered agenda item 13 at its 44th, 46th, 47th and 50th meetings, on 26, 27 and 29 July 2011.
Procedural clarification: a DOE shall, prior to requesting registration of a project activity or issuance of CERs, notify the Board of deviations from approved methodologies and/or provisions of registered project documentation and explain how it intends to address such deviations.
Security Council resolution 1936 (2010); 31 July 2011
8. Evaluation and review of UNCTAD's implementation of the Accra Accord
Our country"s foreign trade has changed radically since the economic reformation and open policies adopt intra-industry is progressively rising."
Thomas Lindsay
Moreover, the production of uranium in our country for nuclear weapons purposes was halted long ago.
What surprises me most is that he speaks English so well. 38.
A few States proposed to uphold the general rule of a six-month time limit, unless the Committee, given the urgency of the situation, requested the State party to provide its observations within three months.
The Chairman (spoke in Spanish): As for the first point raised by the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran, relating to draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.6/Rev.1, I can confirm that the Secretariat will be in a position to make its oral statement at this meeting.
Cimicidae
173. These measures have led to advances in regular education and organization of the school system.
Network marketing business model is one of the Internet sales model, the representative is no doubt that Dell.
Having evaluated the Committee's activities during its first 10 years, they welcomed the existence of the Standing Advisory Committee, a framework for cooperation for peace and security in Central Africa, and warmly thanked the Secretary-General of the United Nations for the useful initiative which had made possible, inter alia:
Innovative systems and processes for accreditation and registration of private schools need to be identified and expanded.
Electrical
Henry Vira, VANGO
Greek authorities launched a crackdown on indecent behaviour by tourists at Greek resorts.
Europe and Japan are not far behind.In the United States, 5 of the 10 faster-growing careers between now and 2005 will be computer related.
Final reporting/ Completed
The testimony of witness is also one of important kinds of statutory evidence in our country, which plays a good part in the Criminal Procedure.
Mr. Stanislav OGURTSOV
We all know that other regimes are watching the international response, waiting to decide whether it will profit them to follow the path pioneered by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
1. Development of space technologies
As many as 60 per cent of urban households access shallow groundwater that is susceptible to contamination by sewage and other waste.
The annual ministerial review will stimulate better-informed, innovative, collaborative action towards meeting all of the Millennium Development Goals by the target date of 2015.
73. The Committee proposed two changes in relation to the Augmented Physical Quality of Life Index (APQLI): per capita daily calorie intake would be replaced by per capita daily calorie intake as a percentage of daily requirement; and life expectancy at birth would be replaced by the under-five child mortality rate. In the case of the former, the Committee would have preferred to use the percentage of population undernourished, but adequate statistics are not yet available for many countries.
Firstly, he pointed out that it is an effective approach because it builds on existing business processes and helps integrate human rights into company operations.
The Commission was informed about recent developments regarding cooperation between UNCITRAL and the United Nations Centre for Trade Facilitation and Electronic Business (CEFACT), with particular regard to CEFACT draft recommendation No. 37 on Signed Digital Document Interoperability.
 Members acknowledged having received a large number of counter-reports from NGOs.
Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law
17. Research in Australia, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland shows that users of “ecstasy” are likely to be experimenting with other drugs as well.
When we go out and do a shopping spree, including before Christmas, we are teaching them just the opposite.
It was felt that the adoption of an extensive list of exemptions would have the effect of imposing those exclusions even for States that saw no reason for preventing the parties to those transactions from using electronic communications (A/CN.9/571, para. 63), a result which would hinder the adaptation of the law to technological evolution (A/CN.9/571, para. 65).
140.192. Investigate with due diligence any complaints filed by journalists and human rights defenders for harassment or repression based on their work or activity, and bring to justice and punish perpetrators, if any (Spain);
Proposed elements for inclusion in the report of the Preparatory Committee on its second session
In Lebanon, for example, UNICEF and national partners approached child labour through studies to assess the magnitude of the problem; to identify health hazards affecting working children; and to determine priority areas, such as basic skills development, for intervention.
After that, the shear strength decreases to residual state and tends to a constant as axial strain increases.
(g) Technical and scientific agreement, policy level endorsement, effective regional collaboration supported by international organizations, and wide stakeholder participation are essential for successful implementation of regional and international criteria and indicators processes;
It reflected the principles of merit, transparency and accountability, all issues of concern to the Member States, staff and managers.
7. Organization of work, adoption of the agenda and allocation of items: reports of the General Committee [P.7].
Tom could hardly wait to try out his new bike.
Let me seeif you have my flower still " And the old man opened his Prayer-Book
IV. Technical assistance
Yes, Argentina’s current-account deficit exceeds 5% of GDP, while Brazil’s external position is nearly balanced.
The effects of foreign debt and other related international financial obligations of States on the full enjoyment of all human rights, particularly economic, social and cultural rights
The Civil Code adopted in 2011 already restricts civil society's activities.
Took note of the report on earmarkings for the target for resource assignments from the core for 2000-2003 (DP/2000/17);
result in death;
Identify and address the potential knowledge gaps existing between the needs of clients and the knowledge available within each organization;
36. No amendment to reflect the Convention was currently envisaged to the Constitution, which was consistent with the Convention save for the definition of gender discrimination.
Ratification: Bolivia (30 November 1999)*
"(b) With respect to the commencement of the duty to mitigate, the Panel determines the following:
H.E. Mr. Mohammed Loulichki
Malva Bluff
In addition , the influence of the anion and cation surfactants on the wool hydrolysis is discussed.
This created a new political situation, unprecedented from ancient times to the present.
The principal amount of the loss is GBP 16,820 and the interest component is in the amount of GBP 26,874.
The political manipulation of human rights, selectivity, partiality and double standards in the imposition of sectarian patterns must cease.
A. Action by the Conference
Luxembourg
However, our own procedures inhibit mobility of staff across the system.
What she said was just plain wrong.
Fellowship Programme on the Legal Aspects of Debt and Financial Management
Knowledge is no burden. Civility costs nothing
 22. In Europe, although western European countries were increasing their cooperation and implementing advanced levels of legislation to counter money-laundering and to control precursors, the countries of eastern Europe were still in need of assistance in training and legislation.
that's amazing! ha ha!
Awareness-raising aims to:
Is something wrong with the meter?
We have an active and crucial partnership with our regional neighbours and also with the international community as a whole, and we can testify to the value of various sorts of partnerships.
The design of Geonosian hive interiors are forever in shadow, evoking a creepy sense of the unknown.
The action marked the first time that the Federal Reserve has joined with other central banks to cut interest rates
Ending loan balance
I haven't seen anything like that, except molecular acid.
Prior to the ninth session, and in accordance with paragraph 6 of Commission resolution 2003/57, interested States participated in an informal intersessional meeting held in Geneva from 23 to 26 June 2003 to consider the above-mentioned articles.
Mr. Aboul Atta (Egypt) (spoke in Arabic): The General Assembly has just concluded its discussion of the question of Palestine.
The requested information is contained in document ICCD/CRIC(6)/3/Add.1.
Although classrooms were overcrowded as a result of continuous demographic pressure, the Agency prided itself on the quality of the programme, although chronic lack of funding had led to a deterioration of results.
If the related foreign trade contract contains items of the same customs tariff number, but of various countries of origin, or items of one country of origin but quoting various products with different custom tariff numbers also, separate licences must be requested.
Now a ruin with many of the original stones fallen or removed, this site still attracts nearly five thousand tourists everyday.
This included improving the quality of early childhood education by producing regional unified standards through national policy reviews in partnership with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF); strengthening the response of the education systems to the HIV/AIDS epidemic by building awareness and capacity; reinforcing education data collection and analysis; building distance learning capacity in five universities across the region; supporting CARISCIENCE as a regional mechanism on science, technology and innovation and on building a regional science education policy that can be adapted to national needs.
Considerable efforts were being made to make the general population and the judiciary more aware of the Convention's content, and there had been cases in which the Convention had been invoked and had prevailed over domestic laws.
Cinderella and the prince held a grand wedding and they led a happy life from then on.
Hurd , P . D . ( 1997 ) . Inventing Science Education for the New Millennium, New York : Teachers College Press, p .24.
Adopted unanimously at the 6117th meeting.
I've always been fearless, and it often got me in trouble.
Except on market days there is nobody in the streets.
There are now four countries under consideration by the Commission, as referred to it by the Security Council: Burundi, the Central African Republic, Guinea-Bissau and Sierra Leone.
Report of the Secretary-General
Hémévillers
I. Importance of indicators
The elimination of corruption was an issue that often conditioned cooperation.
Additionally, globalization is tied to the momentous political changes of the present era such as the rise of identity politics, transnational civil society, new forms of governance and universalization of human rights.
Common items for each session
(c) Respect the rights of women and take special measures to protect women and children who are victims of sexual violence;
Education
If one aspires to enter the one vehicle which is the Supreme  Way of the Buddha, one should not feel averse towards  the sensual activities which contains either positive or negative stimuli which excite or disturb our senses.
97.5MHz Brikama-ba 96.8MHz St Joseph Family Farm
I'm sorry . This type of telephone card cannot be used with this telephone . It can only be used with the public phones or at the Post Office.
By these measures Greece, Portugal and ( more surprisingly ) Australia are at the bottom of the table.
107.demand The desire and ability of consumers to purchase goods and services.
Test the brake block lining is worn or not, if it's worn seriously, should exchange the lining.
Companies with well-known brands such as Nike, Xerox, Jones and Travelport have already started training their staff using the e-learning course.
--now, when that same enemy is wavering, dissevered, and belligerent?
Economy in transition (c)
The full committee may repeat any or all of the subcommittee's actions: hearings, markup, and vote.
More robust investigations need to be carried out by the Transitional Federal Government in collaboration with INTERPOL, EUROPOL and other crime-fighting agencies.
9. The Committee held its general debate from 30 April to 2 May 2007.
People living in the natural world, the human diet is to maintain the material basis of life activities.
Preparatory processes
Furthermore, sometimes criminal processes are commenced against indigenous organizations seeking to defend their rights, and media is used to characterize indigenous peoples as delinquents or even criminals.
As the Panel adopts the "E2" panel's finding that Iraq made serious and credible threats of military action against the territory of Saudi Arabia, / the Panel finds that such expenses are compensable under paragraph 34(a) of decision 7.
The Regional Director for Eastern and Southern Africa introduced the country programme recommendations for that region.
The method of establishing a privatization model without the participation of the Republic of Serbia as the largest creditor is, however, highly disputable.
In the coming months, our efforts will increasingly focus on those issues.
219. Under article 97 of the Labour Code, a working mother, irrespective of the length of service, has the right to take unpaid leave at the end of maternity leave in order to care for a child until the child reaches the age of 3.
In addition, the Contact Group met to discuss cooperative strategies and exchange of information on a regular basis.
International Trade Union Confederation
British television shows
Jesus wouldn't even set foot inside this house, Not with the way you smell.
Economic development in Europe
2006-02-05 17:33 2006-02-05 22:17 Where the same technology is used to solve a different problem,issues lean toward the leagal end of the spectrum.
Of significance to the region are the potential implications of the recent conclusion of the Uruguay Round of multilateral trade negotiations, the Maastricht Treaty and the economic transformation in Eastern and Central Europe.
Spitzer exposed infant stars deeply embedded in a cocoon of dust and gas (orange-yellow dots).
They are priced normally by containers only.
Isolation: Each transaction should appear to execute independently of other transactions that might be executing concurrently.
Art. 1 (6)
 All the segments of the Mauritian nation participate in creating a national identity while preserving their ancestral cultures.
UNCTAD continued its cooperation with the World Maritime University and other institutions of higher education.
Additionally, the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act of 2001 ("Mutual Assistance Act") authorizes Palauan Authorities to request assistance from the appropriate authority of a foreign State in investigating serious offences including terrorism, and the incitement thereof.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.34
1. Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation;
I said creamer, you twit.
Why is it that doctors call what they do "practice"?
No one move until I give a go.
An objection could not have the super maximum effect referred to in the text, i.e., that of invalidating or rendering meaningless the will of the entity formulating it.
The following objects achieved orbit since the last report but are no longer in orbit as of 2400Z 31 March, 1996:
(23) The unanimous consent of the other contracting States and organizations should therefore be regarded as necessary for the late formulation of reservations.
The fight against tax evasion and the transfer of illegal funds had to be a priority in development cooperation.
Her blue eyes were a paternal inheritance.
3. After the entry into force of this Amendment, as provided under paragraph 1, it shall enter into force for any other Party to the Protocol on the ninetieth day following the date of deposit of its instrument of ratification, acceptance or approval.
Thematic topic 4: Linkages and synergies with other environmental conventions and, as appropriate, with national development strategies
The Council began its consideration of the item and heard briefings by Justice Fisher and Ms. Hollis.
did that code change?
She used to bite her nails but seems to have grown out of it.
Thus, to date, and in the context of two decades of liberal reforms, FDI to Africa appears to have reinforced a pattern of adjustment that privileges external integration at the expense of internal integration.
- Article 19: ensure that the term "wrongful act" is interpreted in such a manner as to cover all violations of the law; if the authorities of Burundi do not interpret it in such a manner, it is recommended that Burundi consider amending the legislation to include a wide-ranging provision that covers all the cases contained in article 19 of the Convention;
In an effort to enhance legal and operational frameworks for information security, on 5 January 2009, the Congress of the Republic of Colombia enacted Act No. 1273 which amended the Criminal Code, created a new legally protected interest, namely information and data protection, and ensured the comprehensive protection of systems that use information and communication technologies, among other provisions.
The Executive Director of the World Food Programme made a concluding statement.
The total number of facilities will be 15 during the budget period 2007/08, as follows: (a) Laayoune headquarters, (b) former Identification Commission compound in Laayoune, (c) cargo terminal in Laayoune, (d) MINURSO Logistics Base in Laayoune, (e) a civilian and military liaison office in Tindouf, Algeria, and (f) Dakhla, as well as nine team sites.
Enterprise content management solution
Just days before the vote, the outcome is too close to call, and there appear to be enough undecided voters to tip it either way.
Direct every military operation toward a clearly defined, decisive, and attainable objective.
The language used does not have a gender perspective.
Fiji Teachers' Assn. (Trade Union)
The squad were having "visual training".
Exciting: the interplay of fine faceting of the edges and the ellipse as a background design element.
This will, if it doesn't get out of hand (as in Great Depression out of hand), be a healthy development.
And wilhelmina is doing a great job.
The security procedures required for individual laboratories depend upon the nature of the organism being handled.
9. Mr. Laurin (Canada) said that, although there was a new reference to sexual orientation, it was important to stress the obligation of States to investigate all killings, whatever their motivation, in order to determine if they were extrajudicial.
Together these groups represent around a quarter of India'spopulation and half of its poor.
14. Notes that building entrepreneurship and enhancing the role of the private sectors is key to strengthening the competitiveness of LDC economies, including through enhanced efforts by all stakeholders to facilitate access to and encourage the transfer of technology and know-how, as well as by building technological capabilities and innovation in LDCs.
The network would focus particularly on strong involvement of the business sector.
Notice (20 March 2002): Arrangements have been made to display the
In: Liber amicorum honouring Nicolas Mateesoo Matte.
Sexual Violence - General
UNIFEM has been monitoring the implementation of this resolution in conflict areas around the world.
30. There is strong evidence that high rates of economic growth have not been translating effectively into poverty reduction in many cases.
(5) The expression "in exceptional cases", which introduces the paragraph, highlights the fact that what follows is an inverse derogation from the general principle, the existence of which must not be affirmed lightly.
62. The provision of $8,524,400 under this heading consists of the following :
IAEA activities, especially those involving verification, must be carried out efficiently and with full transparency.
 The Israeli occupation of Southern Lebanon and the Western Bekaa had continued since 1978, with adverse effects on the entire population, particularly women.
It continued to believe that there should be systematic efforts to foster deeper cooperation and coordination across the United Nations with a view to bringing about synergy, enhancing complementarity and removing avoidable redundancies.
More and more network operators, including local network operators, have formulated plans to establish new IP-based networks for the provision of new services to their customers.
So it has important practical meaning and theoretical value for us to study Mozi' s thought and wisdom to construct socialist harmonious society.
(d) Ensure that refugee children have access to free primary education and facilitate access to secondary education;
The Committee expresses its particular concern at the situation of indigenous migrants and women migrants, who suffer from dual discrimination in the enjoyment of their rights, especially their economic, social and cultural rights, and are more vulnerable to violations and abuses.
News is a fresh report of eventsor opinions that people did not know before they read your story.
United States of America Young Communist League
After going through traditional personal customer's keen competition of the past, the focus of the competition has gradually changed direction and fought for group's customer who has more potentiality of competition.
However, complete statistics will be available by early 2012, allowing for proposals to adjust the BNUB medical services budget to come into effect in 2013.
Mr. RIVASSEAU (France) (translated from French): Mr. President, allow me to congratulate you, since we are moving towards the end of your term of office, on the way you have performed these duties, and also to thank you for the words you addressed to Colonel Brossard, the Counsellor in this mission.
11.30 a.m. H.E. Mr. Carl Bildt, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Sweden; H.E. Ms. Patricia Espinosa Cantellano, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico; Mr. Tibor Toth, Executive Secretary, Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO); and Mr. Sergio Duarte, High Representative for Disarmament Affairs
Practising accurate and balanced analytical reporting on political events and processes including reporting on government accountability, Parliament and the judicial system;
Recognizing the importance of ensuring that the management of the Fund's present $41.2 billion portfolio is entrusted to an experienced portfolio manager, the Advisory Committee considers that the person chosen for the currently vacant post of the Director of the Investment Management Service should: (a) possess a strong and relevant academic background; (b) have an established record of managing long-term pension investments; and (c) have extensive experience and the required competency to conduct the challenging initiatives undertaken by the Investment Management Service.
What would you have, Monseigneur?
36. Continuity of the investigations into the facts.
202. Concern is also expressed at persisting violations in Kosovo and Metohija of basic human rights standards, including article 5 (a) and (b) of the Convention, requiring that arrested persons be brought promptly before a judge, and prohibiting torture and ill—treatment of persons in detention or in the course of demonstrations.
The majority of people interviewed prefer TV to radio.
The Council also condemned in the strongest terms the attack on the United States Embassy in Cairo, on 11 September.
These consequences will only intensify.
 89. The Human Rights Committee recommended, inter alia, that:
Aicha Dhaouadi, Tourkia Hamadi, Mahfouhi Abderrazak and Najib Hosni
Poverty Line (rupiahs)
606. The national human rights plan for 2008 - 2012 had established a commitment to promote reforms in military justice in accordance with international commitments.
19. Requests the Secretary-General to make use of the resources available for provision of logistical and technical expertise to assist the Government of Haiti, as mandated by Security Council resolutions 1927 (2010) of 4 June 2010 and 1944 (2010) of 14 October 2010, to proceed swiftly with activities in this regard;
Strategy
This is still a matter that needs to be addressed over the long term.
For example, it is important to monitor the potential negative impact of proposed legislative or policy measures -- such as the effects of development-based projects on the right to housing or the effects of decentralization of services on the right to education.
The commonsense commonwealth government no longer uses the uncommon commonplace. 502
One obstacle to effective counter measures is that piracy tends to be rife in poorer regions where law and order has broken down.
Letter dated 12 February 2008 from the Permanent Representative of Serbia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2008/92)
Criminal groups in the region have taken the opportunity to increase recruitment and create local support networks for gathering information and supplying arms and ammunition, further facilitating transnational organized crime, such as human and drug trafficking.
The “atmosphere” in which the international community should focus on these issues should be based on a dialogue - transparent and action-oriented and in a cooperative spirit — in order to arrive at a global strategy to implement the right to development.
Peacekeeping military training
Thought the childrens books with many pages of colorful illustrations were made very nicely.
It can help prevent the possible execution of harmful PHP code.
Make 3 hard returns after the agenda item. For succeeding titles, observe rules on Titles.
Right to development, research and analysis
Efforts were being made to find places where courses could be held on a regular basis, in order to remove the inefficiencies resulting from holding the courses in different countries every time.
:: The Lao People's Democratic Republic should furnish copies of its anti-money-laundering laws to the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
The stakes are too high and the task before us too important to do otherwise.
Development zone enterprises using foreign investments within the special economic zones and economic and technological development zones shall be subject to the administration of relevant tax policy of the special zones or economic and technological development zones, and shall not be restricted by the provisions of the above two paragraphs of this Article.
For that reason, the Bureau has asked me to request from the Economic and Social Council authorization for the preparatory committee to hold a one-day formal meeting during the week of 28 June 1999 for the sole purpose of electing a new Chairperson as well as two Vice-Chairpersons from the Group of Asian States.
According to the Labour Law, article 68, salaries of employees are defined by collective contract, labour regulations and work contracts; as such, each salary is unique for a position, held by either men or women.
On this matter, Norway requested further elaboration on what is done to facilitate access to abortion for women who qualify for this under Polish law.
At the same time, we must emphasize that all measures to combat terrorism must respect the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the international human rights instruments, humanitarian law and refugee law.
I must hold all I can, he thought.
31. Requests the Secretary-General to extend for a further three years the exceptional measures authorized in paragraph 21 of its resolution 67/287, and to intensify his engagement with Member States with a view to identifying alternative solutions for addressing the conflicts between national legislation and United Nations regulations and rules regarding the secondment of active-duty military and police personnel;
Developments in the United States
Conducted UN awareness opportunities in educational settings; Conducted educational programs related to particular UN activity (Millennium Development Goals); Developed contacts with members in order to bring their experience to the UN; Hosted opportunities for membership groups at the UN (e.g. DLC Communication Network, Leadership Council of the DLC); Developed and conducted workshops on Human Trafficking in educational settings (High schools and colleges) and for membership groups throughout the United States.
Radiation Inspection and Control Service, Department of Labour Inspection, Ministry of Labour and Social Insurance
Joe the Plumber said Thursday he doesn't have a license and doesn't need one, because he works for someone else.
France, Israel.
While CRC noted with appreciation measures to reform the administration of juvenile justice, it was nevertheless concerned that the age of criminal responsibility of seven years was too low, and that persons under 18 might be prosecuted for crimes in the same manner as adults and be subjected to the same penalties as adults.
In 1990, Japan had provided three telescopes and four planetariums to developing countries through its ODA programme.
Yen bears have history on their side too.
As of 10 August 1998, 98 Member States and one observer State had submitted their national action plans or strategies and information on implementation to the United Nations Secretariat.
17. Welcomes continued cooperation between and the conduct of joint activities by UNOCI and the Forces Républicaines de Côte d'Ivoire (FRCI) and calls for strict adherence by the FRCI to international humanitarian, human rights and refugee laws; and, in this context, recalls the importance of training in Human Rights, child protection and sexual and gender-based violence to security and law enforcement agencies;
United Nations Development Programme and United Nations Population Fund, Executive Board (informal meetings) Annex III
Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space
We urge all States that have not done so to consider signing, ratifying and implementing the Convention;
America will continue to work for a ban on the testing of nuclear weapons and the production of fissile material needed to make them.
are also quiet a lot of heart.
In view of this, the Committee is concerned that adequate impartial complaints mechanisms for children attending military schools appear to be lacking.
327. Despite the reform of the Electoral Law, the Committee is concerned at the low percentage of political participation of women and the failure to apply, alternatively and sequentially, article 40 of the Electoral Law, which stipulates that there must be a 30 per cent quota of women on the electoral lists.
1. When a casual vacancy within article 17, paragraph 7, of the Convention occurs in the Committee, the Secretary-General shall immediately request the State party that had nominated that member to appoint, within a period of two months, another expert from among its nationals to serve for the remainder of the predecessor's term.
61. The Board notes that the overall IPSAS implementation plan was updated at the end of April 2012 to identify how IMIS will be integrated into the IPSAS project.
Second, all countries, the developing countries in particular, should prioritize and actively promote economic growth and social progress across the board, listing as priority goals the eradication of poverty and improvement of health insurance and social security, constantly lifting the living standard of the elderly and improving their health.
The Assembly was aware of this fact, as it never made reference to resolution 2625 (XXV) again, after it had been adopted in 1970, save the vague references to “all other resolutions and decisions on decolonization”.
Of course, we should also thank those collectors who identified true talents and offer our congratulations to those promising young artists.
Delegations reiterated the need to maintain the independence of the Evaluation Office for quality control and transparency.
The National Bank of Ukraine keeps the banks informed about changes in the list and requires banks to monitor all accounts regularly with a view to identifying accounts belonging to individuals and entities named in the list, and also accounts which are used to transfer assets to such individuals and entities.
Deputy Prime Minister and Acting Minister for Foreign Affairs
The insurer may not compensate for the losses because shipowner violates the obligations. To secure the loan, bank always asks the debtor to provide other insurance.
Sudan
Philippines
If you closed your first accounts after 31 March 2009, probably there would be no assessable profits for the year of assessment 2008/09.
We actually do note an encouraging number of success stories in many countries.
4. Decides to discontinue the requirement for the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Unit;
In our free world, no one is above the law and no one is beneath it.
No.
He inked his fingers when he wrote homework.
An illustration of this problem comes in the accusations levelled by members of the armed forces at the nongovernmental organization Justicia y Paz for its work with the peace communities of Urabá.
"Cuz I was watching a program with Robbie Williams, and he was trying...
What is curious about this development is that the subcontinent has preferred to forget the monstrous injustices that have scarred its recent history.
And thou shalt anoint the laver and his foot, and sanctify it.
Fourteenth session
For peace and stability to flourish, good governance is a necessity.
10. India is a State Party to the 1972 Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention (BTWC).
The project will contribute to the achievement of the following Millennium Development Goals:
Eskimos inhabit in the North Regions.
(c) Submissions made by coastal States pursuant to article 76, paragraph 8, of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea;
CONCLUSIONS: Although the antifungal activity of numerous compounds has been examined, most of them are at the in vitro or animal models of efficacy stages.
 The implementation of these guidelines was closely monitored by the Government.
Beautiful wine nature needs good environment to foil, I am sorry otherwise dew of jade of this oar fining jade.
3. In its resolutions 49/123 and 57/264, the General Assembly has affirmed that "the Human Development Report is a separate and distinct exercise which is not an official document of the United Nations".
Comparison of the average net remuneration of United Nations officials in the Professional and higher categories in New York and United States federal civil service officials in Washington, D.C., by equivalent grade (margin for calendar year 2014)
Page
Draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.50: Respect for the principles of national sovereignty and diversity of democratic systems in electoral processes as an important element for the promotion and protection of human rights
Recalling its resolution 47/176 of 22 December 1992 on the International Conference on Population and Development, to be held in Cairo from 5 to 13 September 1994,
China has implemented land reforms, resulting in higher agricultural productivity.
(a) Management agreements with landowners
But the best place in the world is the place you want to be.
Interested participants shall register their interest in the Competition by submitting, in duplicate, to the Organizer a duly completed Registration Form before the above deadline at the following address:
In fact, a cousin of the complainant on his father's side, H.A., used to belong to the guerrilla movement and is currently in prison serving a life sentence following his arrest in 1995.
This situation has reinforced inequality and increased the gap between the poor and the rich.
We are especially pleased with the appointment of the Ambassadors of Slovenia and Argentina as Co-Chairs of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the revitalization of the General Assembly, and we express our full support for them.
Tool and training may be developed synchronously so stable builds may not be available for screenshots and training lab development.
That report recognized significant weaknesses in the WSIS targets which were agreed in the Geneva Plan of Action in 2003, in particular in the vagueness of their terminology and the absence of indicators against which progress could be measured, especially for usage.
Attention and resources must also be devoted to addressing the protection and assistance needs of internally displaced persons in these situations.
High-level segment: annual ministerial review
This station is subordinate to the police directorate where the police officer concerned served and adjacent to Aghia Paraskevi, where the author was held.
For example, UNICEF should speak about increased equality between women and men and boys and girls in specific contexts, as opposed to using the more generic term "gender equality".
MCS - 51 single - chip utility subroutine library, addition and subtraction multiplication and division, hexadecimal conversion, floating - point arithmetic, everything!
The auction price of an emission right is effectively a tax on carbon.
7. Key achievements and outstanding challenges
The students took the spoken English exam one after another.
The radar systems, unlike the optical systems, were not affected by prevailing weather conditions and the data collected could be used to generate topographic maps using recently developed radar interferometric techniques.
They note that UNDP employed 16 per cent of its Professional staff on ALD contracts in 2001, which tends to support the contention that this type of appointment might be used increasingly over time at the expense of the core international civil service.
 In host countries with established market-based economies there is increasing awareness of and sophistication concerning the key policy issues involved in successfully organizing mineral and petroleum investment.
III List of agenda items, expert meetings and dates of meetings 23
Nymex is down 36% in 2008; ICE is down 51%.
The Conduct and Discipline Officer would also provide coverage to the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan.
In accordance with EU regulations the Anti-Discrimination Act is a comprehensive regulation of the right to equal treatment.
Keizo TakemiNoritoshi IshidaStarting on Monday, the blog will reveal their weight and waist measurement each week, as well as the number of paces they walk, the number of stairs they climb and the amount of alcohol they consume, the paper said.
Have you seen the written document?
Second, Austria believes that a comprehensive fissile material cut-off treaty (FMCT) - a treaty that still has to emerge from this chamber - would significantly contribute to nuclear disarmament.
This is a matter of concern to Jamaica as we, like a large number of other developing countries, have placed high developmental priority on export-led growth and on attracting investment flows.
We have heard accusations against President Arafat and the obstacle that he poses to the peace process.
They share leadership roles by telling success stories of other leaders.
It's a perfect day.
This project, which will be implemented in cooperation with IFAD, is aiming to introduce pilot projects of jaspora plantations as part of environmental conservation to improve sustainable land management and to target research and pilot technologies demonstrating the industrial use of jastropha plants and their products to mitigate land degradation and improve socio-economic conditions, transboundary governance of the area and development of the community.
Tong Fei
III. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
5.1 On 5 March 2012, the author submitted that in its observations of 4 August 2008, the State party did not challenge the fact that she was not brought before a judge on two separate occasions, i.e. during her detentions from 29 September to 1 October 2005 and from 27 January to 30 January 2006.
Recalling also the outcome document of the high-level meeting of the General Assembly on Youth: Dialogue and Mutual Understanding, adopted by the General Assembly on 26 July 2011,
He was covered with snow so that it looks as if he was a snowman.
Driven by a desire to learn, he set out to study ( set  about studying  ) applied science .
For years the government has been involved in a secret operation involving contrails - the visible lines of condensed water vapour that jets leave in the sky.
For example, as missions draw down or transition, one of the issues that will need to be considered is that of sustaining the investment in national capacity-building to help national staff in reintegrating into the local job market.
Needless to say, Iran was the last country in the region that resorted to missile technology for its self-defence.
The gender equality mainstreaming obligation is incorporated into all legislation, inside and outside the labour market.
(d) Implementation plans
She thanked Ms. Schöpp-Schilling and Ms. Popescu for their insights and comments, supplementing the report and points of agreement of the Malbun meeting.
More United Nations entities and IGOs are reporting to CRIC on their activities related to DLDD/SLM
The Committee notes that, since the State party presented its report, there have been reports that groups of Roma have been returned to their country of origin without the free, full and informed consent of all the individuals concerned.
The September 2005 Millennium +5 High-Level Meeting would be an opportune occasion to place development squarely at the forefront of the global agenda by launching a global compact for development based on successful experiences and grounded in the principles of MDG 8.
36. Recognizing that gender equality and women’s empowerment are integral to the development process, UNDP will continue to accord high priority to the gender dimension in all its programmes.
A senior administration official said that for all the talk of alternatives to the dollar, it remained the currency of choice.
My country experienced an energy crisis for nearly three months, and damage totalled more than $850 million.
Then the king of Sodom, the king of Gomorrah, the king of Admah, the king of Zeboiim and the king of Bela (that is, Zoar) marched out and drew up their battle lines in the Valley of Siddi
16. Also at its 43rd meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/64/L.12/Rev.1 without a vote (see para. 24, draft resolution III).
Pacific Islands Forum (General Assembly resolution 49/1)
Then I saw another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb and he spoke as a dragon.
There is a path throughthe fields.
I usually look for cookies.
Jaclyn Tsai
(e) To develop and, where necessary, strengthen policing systems and judicial procedures to provide adequate protection for women who have been subjected to violence, including by ensuring conducive environments for women and girls to report acts of violence against them, timely and thorough investigation of all allegations of violence, effective and victim-sensitive collection and processing of evidence, especially forensic evidence, effective protection of victims and their families from acts of retaliation, respect for the privacy, dignity and autonomy of all victims, as well as necessary victim protection measures, such as restraining or expulsion orders and adequate witness protection;
Or the rarity of his wartime illnesses, limited to a mild bout of smallpox which killed his valet?
Personal Envoy of the Iraqi Foreign Minister and the President of the Republic to the Chairman OIC on the Iraq-Iran armed conflict 1980-1988
Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development
Please refer to preceding paragraphs.
Adopting heat - seal cold cut Mechanism.
(ii) International collaboration and partnerships, including the role of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in counteracting unlawful conduct that may negatively impact the environment.
Therefore I thought we must want the water-drop design energy in the health.
6A. Letter dated 16 March 2001 from the Acting Minister of Lands, Mines and Energy to the Chairman of the World Diamond Council on the 120-day exportation ban.
Every student received a total of 50,000 CFA francs, resulting in a total of 1,160,000,000 CFA francs for the female students.
- Assess the real knowledge of language skills as required for a post, during the recruitment process;
It also emphasizes cooperation in combating sexual exploitation and abuse, and affirms cooperation in emergency preparedness, VAM, emergency food security assessments, logistics and telecommunications.
Objectives Programme areas
Mani Tese is an Italian development non-governmental organization operating at the national and international levels to further justice, solidarity, promotion of human rights and respect among people.
New York, 13-24 May 2002
Or River
Letter dated 19 May 2004 from the Permanent Observer for Palestine to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to the Acting United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
In addition, in cases of illegal detention of persons for the purpose of extracting information, confessions or wealth, the detention is unlikely to be acknowledged by the detaining authorities.
For a change, healthy banks are once again stepping up to snap up rivals as they search for revenue growth in a lukewarm economy, investment bankers said.
Dams in Japan
With regard to the major issues covered by the draft harmonized law, it takes into account all aspects of the fight against money-laundering, under the following six titles:
20. Water pricing, cost recovery and other economic instruments are either being used or under consideration by several countries in the region to induce more rational allocation and use of water.
1. Unless otherwise decided by the Conference of the Parties, the second, third and fourth ordinary sessions of the Conference of the Parties shall be held yearly, and thereafter, ordinary sessions shall be held every two years.
Welded seams help make the weatherproof, offering water fewer opportunities to sneak into your bag.
Whether you like it or not, she really should be at her mother's wedding.
 There were no reliable figures, but there was heightened awareness of those problems.
I reaffirm the steadfast commitment of my Government to the 2001 Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS and the 2006 Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS.
Original: English
Sub-gloss silver lid is used to add the appearance of the upscale modern packaging and further makes it possible for image personalization.
Most States parties had also concluded international treaties regulating international cooperation in criminal matters.
Under what circumstances would majority rule yield unambiguous and consistent decisions?
Thursday, 17 November 2011
Change in discount rate
In a separate development Egypt approved a request for two Iranian navy ships to pass through the Suez Canal.
Original: English
The members of the Non-Aligned Movement learned with great shock of the killing of a United Nations staff member, Mr. Iain Hook, of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, just one week ago in Jenin.
Section 4.2.2
Appointments to apply for travel documents or extensions of stay can be booked via the Net
The team will resume practicing tomorrow at 5 pm CET.
The Security Council proceeded to vote on draft resolution S/2003/1176, and adopted it unanimously as resolution 1520 (2003) (for the text, see S/RES/1520 (2003); to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Thus far, ICT had been much more a source of marginalization than a factor for integration.
"Here, let me take that.
American zoologists
15:00 to 16:30 Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 2 (NLB)
But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end.
Overview of the legal regime in the Charter of the United Nations and the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
Based largely on national reports but also supplemented by information in United Nations reports and other sources, part three provides an analysis of trends in different regions of the world as well as on a global level.
2. Decides, pursuant to article 40 of the Rules, to approve the amounts of the recommended awards concerning the claims covered in the report.
Economic and political measures, as well as a sustained US military presence, would be more effective than reliance solely on offensive escalation should the US need to counter Chinese actions that threatened important American interests.
"Are you sure of it?
The engineers and the manager - in - chief signed or made their marks together on the contract.
The new Framework for Cooperation concluded with UNDP, collaboration with the World Bank in developing new approaches to post conflict reconstruction and Memoranda of Understanding concluded with Human Rights field operations are examples of action taken in this respect, as are exchanges of letters covering cooperation between UNHCR and the International War Crimes Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda.
The maximum remittance amount per money order is USD5,000.
128. The representative denied that religious freedom, freedom of expression or trade union and employment rights were limited in a manner inconsistent with the Convention.
Such is the fluidity of new wealth, and today's credit markets, that fortunes and properties can be lost before the stationer has even finished engraving the plate.
They will be flown to Hamilton Island in early May to take part in the final selection process with the successful candidate announced on May 6.
2.106 The activities under this subprogramme are the responsibility of the Interpretation and Publishing Section.
During the reporting period, UN-Habitat continued its collaboration with various partners as part of the United Nations Housing Rights Programme (UNHRP), an initiative jointly implemented by UN-Habitat and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Some of us might not even make it back.
Action on draft decision A/C.5/57/L.24/Rev.1
And as long as you have your phone along, you can read anything you want to or must.
D. Radio and Central News Service
-- Humanitarian assistance should adopt advanced measures of science, technology and information, set up early warning mechanism, enhance capacity building in material reserve, speedy deployment and implementation.
(a) Supervise the application of the legal regulations concerning the use of land and settlement of their territories;
In this connection the Court indicated that if the shareholder's State of nationality was empowered to act on his behalf there was no reason why every individual shareholder should not enjoy such a right.
71. Mr. Miller (International Labour Organization (ILO)) said that ILO had participated actively in the first World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth and fully supported the Lisbon Declaration on Youth Policies and Programmes and the Braga Youth Action Plan adopted by the World Youth Forum, both of which focused on various questions of direct interest to ILO.
HSP
I promise you we as a people will get there.There will be setbacks and false starts.
B. Major meetings with interpretation planned and serviced at Nairobi January to June 2001
It's a real shame that most people today don't realize how strong and longlasting a thatch roof is.
Domestic institutions have successfully taken up the challenge.
The Latin America region has been involved in matters connected with the United Nations Conference on Environment Development (Rio Earth Summit) on environmental issues.
He was requested to tender his resignation on the same day but he refused.
Samoa and Maldives are scheduled for graduation in December 2010 and January 2014, respectively.
In realisation of the important role rural women play in the development of the country, rural communities have been accorded propriety status in the development process.
Working with regional liaison offices in Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa and Asia, in collaboration with key partners, coordinate the delivery of technical assistance and capacity-building programmes at the regional and national levels to ensure the optimal use of resources to benefit the parties and a synergistic approach to chemicals management at the national level.
(d) Governments should take the necessary initiative to adhere to relevant international conventions related to rail and combined transport, which provide internationally accepted rules for an efficient and safe environment of inter-country rail and combined transport operations.
While ensuring 3Ss is primarily the responsibility of the countries interested in nuclear power programs, international cooperation in this field is beneficial to support the countries concerned.
Fontenay-le-Fleury
Pork and meat processor Smithfield Foods has agreed with a major Chinese trading company for the purchase of 60 million pounds of Paylean-free pork for delivery by the end of December.
The Industrial Revolution was possible because of this energy abundance.
Their protagonists are power - hungry men and naive underlings.
Ms. Yvone Masvora
How does it work
Soledad Murillo de la Vega
Compelling scientific evidence and a better understanding of the economics of climate change have moved the issue to the forefront of the international agenda.
Albania
3. Takes note of the opinion of the Legal Counsel of the United Nations of 24 September 2002 concerning the Parking Programme for Diplomatic Vehicles, the positions expressed on this issue at the 213th meeting of the Committee, on 15 October 2002, including requests from most speakers to defer implementation of the Parking Programme, and the commitment of the host country to maintaining appropriate conditions for the functioning of the delegations and missions accredited to the United Nations in a manner that is fair, non-discriminatory, efficient and consistent with international law;
183. In September 2012, it was reported in the Times that a Libyan ship carrying the largest consignment of weapons for the Syrian Arab Republic since the uprising had docked in Turkey and that some of the 400 tons of materiel had been transferred to the Syrian opposition.19
Chairperson of the Group of Twenty
Fourthly, the Demobilization, Disarmament and Reintegration Programme must be undertaken throughout Somalia.
18. The Secretary-General and the members of ACC support recommendations 3 (c) and 3 (d).
34. The Governments of the MERCOSUR member countries and associated States had undertaken programmes for older persons, especially those living in poverty or want, had coordinated activities for the benefit of children and adolescents living in the street and had made efforts to improve the human condition and social situation of persons with disabilities.
It was noted that the point had already been discussed at the Working Group's previous sessions and that it would be addressed in the revised Guide, as had been previously agreed.
Table 20.16 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
122. At 30 June 2004, almost half (47 per cent) of all sentenced prisoners were convicted with a most serious offence involving violence or the threat of violence, including homicide and related offences (10 per cent), sexual assault and related offences (11 per cent), acts intended to cause injury (assault) (14 per cent) and robbery/extortion (12 per cent).
I saw your pictures.
Chen Wen-chen
Apparently ethan is looking for more Than adventure on the high seas.
Recorder and Randsell
The provisional agenda and all other working documents are circulated to all members just a few days shy of the stipulated deadline, which is at least three weeks in advance of a session.
Mr Dickson said the contracts would help to provide a competitive and reliable source of supply of IT staff for government departments.
 They suffer a miserable existence.
More than 20 different Secretariat websites include information on human resources-related issues, and a wide variety of approaches, structures and visual styles are used on these websites.
Country of nationality
Armando
No one entity can address these issues on its own, but ConocoPhillips will show leadership in finding pragmatic and sustainable solutions.
Available cash
For example, in June 2006, the Conference of European Statisticians adopted new recommendations for the 2010 regional population and housing censuses.
Iraq and Kuwait are ready to undertake the handover.
Cooperation with the United Nations: facilitation of road transport, trade and tourism.
(Percentage)
Dave: Look, I want to succeed as much as you do. Well, maybe not quite much.
10. In addition, some invitees to the Forum on Sustainable Industrial Development may participate in their personal capacity and thus may not be a member of any delegation to the Conference.
Target 2010: 3 joint plans
It hoped that UNIDO, under its new leadership, would stress cooperation with civil society and NGOs in its task of helping alleviate poverty and furthering global partnerships.
In addition, interest and miscellaneous income amounted to $4.0 million.
(New York, 26 February-2 March 2001)
Would you mind showing them around the city Wednesday afternoon?
It thus seemed natural that the Third Forum of the Alliance of Civilizations will take place in Brazil.
Nevertheless, priority is still given in Tunisia to efforts to raise awareness of the rights of the child and to promote an appropriate public attitude in this area.
3. Criminalization of migration
UNIDO was currently providing assistance to the Government of Montenegro to enable it to formulate a national energy development strategy.
These responses and other relevant information were consideredincluded in the review by an expert group convened by the Secretariat and the World Health Organization from 22 to 24 November 2004 in Geneva, Switzerland, in their preparation of a report to the Conference of Parties to assist it in evaluating the continued need for DDT for disease vector control.
9.3. Approves the proposed amendment of the 2006-2007 Unified Budget and Workplan to include a new supplemental budget line in the interagency part in the amount of US$40 million specifically dedicated to the provision of technical support to countries; and
Ministerial Level
The expert panels were composed of representatives of Parties, IGOs, NGOs, youth groups, the private sector and academia.
PCP was not detected in marine sediment from Norway between 2004 and 2008.
Noting that a periodic review of the United Nations Standardized Instrument for Reporting Military Expenditures could facilitate its further development and maintain its continued relevance and operation, and recalling resolution 62/13, in which the General Assembly established the Group of Governmental Experts on the Operation and Further Development of the United Nations Standardized Instrument for Reporting Military Expenditures,
(a) The Ad Hoc Group of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters shall be renamed the Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters;
The process for issuing a permanent resident visa may take from six months to one year, depending on the documentation required and the checks which must be made.
He will likely leave all the car stuff for Fiat and Marchionne to decide on.
We usually use elbow ( bend, flange, tee, reducer ) as a kind of pipe fitting.
Uruguay
The Rays won last night's game to even the best-of-seven series at a game apiece.
What are the outstanding issues?
11. Ms. Šimonović asked why the 28 seats allotted to religious parties in the Knesset -- 25 per cent of all places -- were closed to women.
" All subsidiary departments under the State Intellectual Property Office were mobilized to participate in the campaign.
See Commentaries at p. 279.
Each provide data and information to advance international development goals -- especially the MDGs:
There are six ambassadors; there is no chief and Indians.
2. Reports may indicate factors and difficulties affecting the degree of fulfilment of obligations under the present Covenant.
The boy humiliated his parents by behaving badly in front of the guests.
Second day of the general debate
Other delegations felt that the text should make no mention of complicity and refer only to participation.
Education undertakings have achieved rapid development in recent years.
105. Measures to eliminate international terrorism.
5. The following conditions which might contribute to premature wear and tear of the equipment and increased maintenance costs are to be analysed.
CAT/C/MNE/CO/2
In early 2006, the Government, in partnership with IOM Moldova, had set up a system to ensure long-term follow-up of the victims, promote local integration and provide assistance to potential victims through appropriate monitoring and services at the regional level, including training.
Full -grain leather : from the top layer of the cow hide , full-grain leather is the strongest, most durable form of leather .
Last but not least, it also reduces the chances of breast, colon and prostrate cancer
Some Kosovo Serbs have expressed interest in applying for the jobs, primarily attracted by the salaries which are three times higher than the average salary in the Kosovo civil service.
Buy fish only when it's on sale, even if you have to visit a store other than your favorite!
(ii) Exploration of, and investment in, the less well-known opportunities provided by the drylands, particularly in respect of renewable energies and alternative livelihoods;
231. The movement of the offshore oil and gas industry to deeper waters was characterized, inter alia, by the new record reached in 2001 in water depth for exploration, 9,743 feet.
Each party shall review the progress that it has made towards achieving the ultimate objective of eliminating brominated diphenyl ethers contained in articles and provide information on that review to the Secretariat.
Beth A few days ago I was a very simple, very happy New Yorker, until one night I run into my Ex.
In the end the genetic algorithms which has better precision and efficiency is adopted for finding the optimal regularization parameter based on the solution rule of regularization parameter.
Stressing also the need for adequate financing of and technology transfer to developing countries, in particular the landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, including to support their efforts to adapt to climate change,
68/549. Questions deferred for future consideration
They had specific religious roles to play within the temple performing various sacred religious rites.
China would like to continue deepening economic and trade cooperation with Vietnam in the principle of mutual benefits and bring more benefits to both peoples.
The growing awareness of the activities of the Institute among member States and other stakeholders, however, has significantly improved the response to the call by the Institute for execution of joint programmes of mutual concern in the area of crime prevention.
Enabling Activity for the Preparation of the Initial National Communication Related to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change
2. Potential risks
RS infection induced significant increases in markers of oxidative stress in the lung, the authors report.
A report from Lehman Brothers said various factors, including softer demand and a boost in OPEC supply, could mean the market has hit a 'turning point away from the recent near-$100 highs.
We call upon all States to cooperate in the fight against terrorism.
History of Okayama Prefecture
Qualified candidates should have helped organise or actively participated in university-level activities with outstanding achievements.
Medical care is available only to those who can pay it.
The person who commits a crime on behalf of the organisation although he is not a member of the organisation shall also be punished for being a member of the organisation.
With so many traces of stupidity, you still have pity to spare! 1 You pity me just as you pitied everyone who was driving on the right side of the freeway!
Grease marks or spots can be removed with liquid detergent.
An appropriate number of rooms in another hotel must be tentatively reserved.
has doubled over the past 10 years, according to a survey analyzing children's endocrine diseases by the Women and Children's Hospital of Guangdong Province.
3. The growing magnitude of South-South support for development at a time of declining grant aid from the North has attracted attention and comment over the past year.
1. Urges all parties directly concerned to consider seriously taking the practical and urgent steps required for the implementation of the proposal to establish a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, and, as a means of promoting this objective, invites the countries concerned to adhere to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
South Africa
82. While, as reported by the Secretary-General, much progress has been made towards the implementation of resolution 64/259, more work yet remains to be done.
It is further concerned that access to maternal and infant health care remains poor, in particular in the Somali National Regional State of Ethiopia (art. 12).
You must keep in with your customers.
They would retain the authority to move staff laterally within their departments and would also be held accountable for their compliance with the mobility policy, in releasing and accepting staff members who are selected to be moved or need to be reassigned, including those placed by OHRM...
There has been a good deal of cheerleading and smoke-blowing about these two approaches to massive data parallelism in recent months.
Now, we have less fresh air to breathe and less clean water to drink.
119. The question of expression of will in the case of unilateral acts of States is also essential.
I walked among the flowers, the mood has improved slightly.
Statement I. Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2008 of the biennium 2008-2009
Following the expiration, on 18 July, of the term of the Superior Court of Auditors and Administrative Disputes, I urge the swift nomination of new members to this vital oversight body.
Review and implementation of the Concluding Document of the Twelfth Special Session of the General Assembly
I intend the completion with karma for war and torture within the human dream.
22. She expressed the European Union's satisfaction at the opening of a dialogue under the Framework Convention on long-term cooperative action to address climate change by enhancing implementation of the Convention and the adoption of the five-year programme of work on the scientific, technical and socio-economic aspects of impacts of, and vulnerability and adaptation to, climate change (FCCC/SBSTA/2004/L.31, para. 1).
With a quiet song, a light melody.
The General Assembly is requested to take note of the report.
The leaders charged both the ministerial committee on the Arab Peace Initiative and the Secretary-General with pursuing efforts and contacts with the international parties concerned with the progress of the peace endeavours and to take the necessary action to convene a joint meeting with the Ministerial Council of the European Union and also with the Quartet to explain the Arab position in this regard.
If the conditions change, the Czech Republic is prepared to reconsider the ratification of both the above conventions.
Mr Banfield added: 鈥淎sian companies continue to acquire assets within Asia because of the high growth potential of the individual markets, closer alignment of these businesses with their existing operations, a cultural fit and the expectation that they will ultimately be easier to manage and integrate.鈥?
Contents
I hope you to take precautions and wish you and your family, especially your children good health.
However, resist the urge to be lazy if things start going your way.
The Group reports to the Council through its Committee pursuant to Council resolutions 751 (1992) and 1907 (2009) concerning Somalia and Eritrea.
The purpose of that entire exercise was to ensure that the revision of the terms of reference for the Peacebuilding Fund would help improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Fund. The intention is that the Fund should be able to expeditiously provide short-term emergency funding to create quick wins in the early stage of peace consolidation.
Attention was also drawn to the need to clarify how the member States' contributions to the Stockholm Convention were to be calculated.
"6. Decides that in order for the Institute to play effectively its role in training and research activities, the United Nations will assume the rental and maintenance cost burden of the Institute;
Ensure unit operation activities with good level of HSE.
63. Over the past two months, United Nations agencies have reinforced their presence in the field through permanent deployment (Paoua, Bouar and Zemio) or the deployment of mobile teams (Kaga Bandoro, Bambari, Bossangoa) in spite of the volatile security situation in some of these locations.
Wait, half as cool as... how uncool Crane was.
 In that regard, Malta wished to reaffirm its reservations concerning the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development, the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development and the Beijing Platform of Action.
Please indicate how these requirements are enforced, including the names and activities of agencies responsible for oversight.
China has helped train more than 3,600 professionals for Africa this year.
2. When the Conference decides, in accordance with rule 42, to consider an extensive text in convenient portions (such as paragraphs or articles), each of these shall be treated as a separate proposal for the purpose of paragraph 1.
 System-wide assistance programmes in the field of education, housing and public health will need to bring their full weight to bear.
Cost estimates for the completion of the liquidation tasks: summary statement
The Resolution contains commitments of the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action and conclusions of the 23rd Special Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations, titled "Women 2000: Gender Equality, Development and Peace for the Twenty-First Century".
The interview could hardly have ended more auspiciously for Tito.
Quick-impact projects
The challenge for developing countries is to ensure that such linkages occur and they contribute to the growth and competitiveness of SMEs and the development of the economy as a whole.
I mean, really, l feel a thousand times better.
Entrusted by the government of the Region, they shall provide services in such fields as culture, recreation, environment and sanitation, and shall be consulted by the government of the Region on the above-mentioned affairs.
B. Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1
International Presentation Association of the Sisters of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary (special, 2000)
I'm gonna arrange a conference call with you and the Quorum, or this is gonna get out of hand, fast.
21. Nor is the human race yet delivered from the threat of nuclear annihilation.
Basic education must promote knowledge of the pupils' own culture, history and Nordic Sámi cooperation, as well as awareness of the Sámi as a nation and as one of the world's indigenous peoples.
ICCPR CEDAW (Reservations, arts. 2, 16, and 29.2, 1981)
Long working hours, wages are low, no wonder for the gold TVB artist plaint in the mainland for a set of equivalent in TVB took ten sets.
It also launched a new quarterly journal, the Social Development Review, which provides information, ideas and debate on follow-up activities to the Summit.
Another used the system to aid in developing an algorithm to enhance the search speed for iris matching.
V. Observations and recommendations
You can sit down wherever you like.
The President: I thank the representative of Cuba for his statement. That was the last speaker on my list.
Barrio                                                    But the Alzheimer's Association cautioned that while interesting, the study is too small to draw firm conclusions or change medical practice.
During 2010/2011, there was an average of 2,040 under-18s in custody at any one time, down 16% compared to 2009/2010 from 2,418.
Contents of Heritage Centre US$4,553,795
2. “The civilian population” comprises all persons who are civilians.
Contain the effects of the crisis and improve future global resilience
Mr. Indalecio Liévano
One of their sub-groups moved to the modern Jimsar and Turpan regions, where they founded the Gaochang Uighur Kingdom.
For the ships of Chittim shall come against him: therefore he shall be grieved, and return, and have indignation against the holy covenant: so shall he do; he shall even return, and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant.
Updating of training materials on freight forwarding, multimodal transport and logistics (1) (2014);
It considered that there was no programmatic justification for the increase in the resources for the Department of Administration and Management and that that proposed increase should be allocated in accordance with the priorities of resolution 47/213 to the areas proposed in the medium-term plan and the budget outline.
12. At the same meeting, statements were made by the representatives of Belgium, Australia, the Republic of Korea, Canada, Italy, Peru, the United Kingdom, Norway and Uruguay, and by the observers from the ISO/TC211, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Federation of Surveyors.
Staff Counselling/Welfare Section
In its report on procurement practices within the United Nations system, which was to be issued shortly, JIU had concluded that the harmonization of organizations' procurement policies, rules and procedures had yet to be satisfactorily completed.
In January 1997, there were 16.1 million computer servers worldwide.
Economic reform is a continuous process.
Resouce Materials On Air
Thus the children of Israel were stripped of their ornaments from Mount Horeb onward.
Preparatory process meetings for the eleventh session of UNCTAD [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
In maintaining transparency and inclusiveness, it is my intention to work very closely with the Bureau-designate in managing the proceedings of the third Biennial Meeting, including preparation for substantive discussions and negotiation of a possible outcome.
49. Implementation of the note by the President of the Security Council (S/2010/507) (27 August 2008; 29 October 2013).
It is widely used for industry, traffic, electronic and intelligent office buildings for its convenience and its abundant data.
Six people, who were detained for one or two days and released on bail, now face criminal prosecutions on charges related to protest activities.
The U.S. government maintains electronic systems to screen all individuals seeking entry into the United States against watchlists of known and suspected terrorists.
Have the children fish for shapes using a broom with a string tied around the handle and a magnet on the end of the string.
a As at 27 June 2008.
In that respect, the recent initiative in the context of WSIS to establish a Digital Solidarity Fund, which is seen as an inclusive entity channelling funds from all the sources of development assistance mentioned above, has its merits.
Yet effective capital investment deficiency directly affect the infrastructure construction.
For example, the Protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa expanded the definition in the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women by including within its ambit economic violence or harm.
Continue its efforts in providing equal treatment for men and women in employment (Jordan);
ATS/euro: 84%; USD: 16%
(iii) Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chapter III, section B, programme 8; chapter IV, section B)
During the State party's presentation on the combined second and third period report, the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in paragraph 68 of its concluding remarks, requested a follow-up report on the impact of the Gujarat incident of 2002 on women.
However, there are some areas where Jakarta is making progress.
An estimated 2 million refugees and other persons of concern had individual registration records in progress and almost 1 million had digital photographs, which not only significantly increased knowledge about refugees and their profile.
The European Union and China to strengthen communication and coordination of monetary policy.
Integration of the top of the General Service levels with the junior Professional levels would not only build team cohesion and recognize the reality of the workplace but also promote the creation of salary structures that would facilitate opening up the space to skills growth and continued learning.
In May 1999, seven members of the Tribunal were elected for a nine-year term beginning on 1 October 1999.
COMMITTEE ON THE PEACEFUL USES OF OUTER SPACE
This newspaper presented statistics on the numbers of the country's students and the rate of population growth to argue that if attention is not paid to this issue, in the coming decade one million children are likely to remain illiterate.
- Acceptance of political pluralism;
Article 18 The National Audit Administration shall exercise supervision through auditing over the financial revenues and expenditures of the Central Bank.
There is right of dignity which the man should be respected socially in the basic human rights.
Developing special education and guaranteeing disabled people' s educational rights and its realization need the assurance and support of laws.
I got left when all the others ran ahead,as I could not run so fast.
(REPORTING ISSUES RELATED TO ARTICLES 6, 12 AND 17 WILL BE CONSIDERED AT A LATER STAGE PENDING THE OUTCOME OF THE WORKING GROUP ON MECHANISMS)
1. The agenda was adopted.
Prices for many commodities have doubled over the past couple of years.  Oil prices have risen almost 400% in the last five years.
It was stated that the New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (the "New York Convention") and UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration provided safeguards for consumers, for example in that consumers could object to the validity of the arbitration agreement or award at the stage of enforcement.
Malta
Tanzania is concerned about the continued increase in piracy activities in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean, which are now spreading beyond the coast of Somalia.
Translation into reality and practice requires the strong commitment of the leaders of the key United Nations entities, together with mobilization and allocation of the requisite financial and human resources as a matter of priority.
In the judiciary, 33 per cent of magistrates are women and 25 per cent are judges.
The lower numbers were due to delays in the procurement process and to the fact that the planned number of ablution units erroneously included 150 portable/chemical toilets
19. Ms. Mahouve (Cameroon), speaking on behalf of the States members of the Economic Community of Central African States (ECCAS), announced that Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, France, Germany, Italy, Morocco and the United States of America had become sponsors of the draft resolution and thanked those countries for their support.
Article 10 In the event of a separation, merger or other major change, an enterprise with foreign capital shall report to and seek approval from the authorities in charge of examination and approval, and register the change with the industry and commerce administration authorities.
I read the entire book.
The international community, developed countries in particular, has an obligation to help developing countries in their capacity-building through financial assistance, technical cooperation and personnel training in order to fulfill the relevant commitments made at the Fourth World Conference on Women and the 23rd Special Session of the GA on Women and push forward the attainment on schedule of the MDGs,
It is an international beverage and food manufacturer whose headquarters are in Atlanta , Georgia, in the United States of America.
They found 6 main nose types: Roman, Greek, Nubian, hawk, snub and turn up.
In order to enhance predictability, and as outlined in decision 98/23, member States were encouraged to provide multi-year pledges as follows: a firm funding commitment for the current year (1999); for those in a position to do so, a firm contribution or indication of the contribution for the following year (in this case 2000); and firm or tentative contribution for the third year (2001) if possible.
Region Bonn/Rhein-Sieg/Ahrweiler
However, further efforts are needed to deal with the remaining challenges in order to achieve lasting security and stability in the region.
Belarus reported on its support of the employment of persons with disabilities through job placement, taking into account proposals made by associations of persons with disabilities.
What is the scientist's position regarding the biological concept of a “child of more than two parents”?
29. 26 March 2001
The Constitution also defines the competence and responsibilities of each federative unit in providing the different levels and modalities of education, and determines that it is incumbent on the sates to organize, on a cooperative basis, their respective educational systems.
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy.
States parties are also required to fulfil (facilitate) the right in article 15, paragraph 1 (c), e.g. by taking financial and other positive measures which facilitate the formation of professional and other associations representing the moral and material interests of authors, including disadvantaged and marginalized authors, in line with article 8, paragraph 1 (a), of the Covenant.
(a) Promotion and protection of the rights of children (A/62/182, 209 and 228)
Pre-acceptance and acceptance analysis results;
Look across the flowing water. There, high on a hill in all its illuminated glory, is Prague Castle, the fairy-tale Prague Castle (or, to Kafka fans, simply "The Castle").
Enzyme analysis of these Fab antibodies was accomplished for diversity.
Licence number of the licensed estate agent.
And then I think about people. I mean, a man and a woman, they gravitate to each other, and sometimes dramatically. Well, this is so far before your time.
The Review Conference was expected to stress that there should be no undue pressure on or interference in the Agency's activities, especially its verification process.
Substance abuse clinics under HA Counselling centres for psychotropic substance abusers run by NGOs
21. Also welcomes the efforts of and invites creditors to provide flexibility to developing countries affected by natural disasters on a case-by-case basis so as to allow them to address their debt concerns;
I'm the technical advisor.
that it consistently pushes you just beyond your current performance limits;
The increase was the result of significant seizures by Paraguay (462 tons), Colombia (408 tons) and Brazil (222 tons).
The Night the War Came to Sydney
The delegation requested the Committee to provide inputs on the proposed revisions so that the views of Asian and Pacific countries could be conveyed and reflected during the Tripartite Meeting of Experts in Labour Statistics on the Advancement of Employment and Unemployment Statistics, which would be held in January 2013.
November 2011
R43; May cause sensitization by skin contact
121. The application of the admissibility standard in article 17 depends on the state of the national judiciary in the country in question.
50. Questions to discuss at the Fifth Meeting of States Parties may include:
The companies involved have stated that they have halted the transactions.
15. Tourism continues to be the Territory's primary industry, accounting for more than 40 per cent of its gross domestic product, where both foreign investors and visitors, mainly from Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States of America, play a significant role.
The implementation of the following recommendations is expected to enhance the effectiveness, efficiency and coherence of the United Nations system support to Africa at the regional and subregional levels.
2. Streamlining reporting mechanisms
The bridal of the earth and sky
It had also adopted a modern and advanced law dealing with all aspects of combating drug-related crimes.
Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Jordan, Pakistan, Turkey, and Israel will be the main players.
18. The sections will be organized into groups of four teams, each team consisting of two international members, an interpreter, a driver and a car.
Hourly Visibility Report at 23:00 HKT 10 May 2009
In the current draft, in cases of serious breaches of erga omnes obligations, not only is the category of injured States very limited, but the array of forms of reparation available under article 49 to States that are "legally" affected is more restricted than that available to the directly injured State and is also much more restricted than those permitted to all States by the previous draft in cases of international crimes.
High availability is a challenging technical goal and requires great expense and expertise to implement.
50. The Economic Commission for Africa has also recently received additional land (21,066 m2) from the Addis Ababa city administration and will be implementing a construction project for new office facilities that will increase office space by some 6,500 m2 during the period 2005-2006.
No. but you know what? I want to toast my parents at dinner tonight.
It is under his legislative power that the Governor establishes courts for Pitcairn and regulates their jurisdiction and procedure (see para. 11 below).
The country fought a protracted war of liberation, which resulted in the dislocation of one fifth of its population and the destruction of an important part of its economic infrastructure.
13. The Group of Experts, even when faced with evidence it has documented itself, of the presence of the former Forces armées rwandaises (ex-FAR)/ Interahamwe/FDRL/Forces combattantes Abacunguzi (FOCA) and their activities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as their collaboration with, and supplies from units of the Congolese army and officials of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, still chooses to minimize the threat posed by these forces.
With the cooperation of the recipient countries and other donors, Japan intends to support efforts in the area of education to achieve the following targets:
88. Further progress in the realization of health for all persons, and of sexual and reproductive health in particular, can be achieved only with sustained attention to strengthening the reach, affordability, comprehensiveness and quality of services and information delivered by health systems.
Us and flipper,that's all.
In November, Mexico will host the fourth meeting of the Global Forum on Migration and Development, the outcome of which will be duly reported to this Assembly.
5. The Advisory Committee notes the views of the Secretary-General concerning the use of suppliers recommended by requisitioners.
Typically, the claimants seek to recover the original contract price of the goods or services.
36. In August 2011, UNDIR initiated a project on "Evidence-based programme design for reintegration".
It is a widely held axiom that they should not negotiate with terrorists.
44. The information provided by Member States, non-governmental organizations and United Nations bodies indicate that while there have been some positive developments in protecting, respecting and fulfilling human rights in the context of HIV and AIDS, many politically difficult challenges still have to be addressed.
That obligation is, in fact, much wider and also entails the provision of assistance in all aspects of the ongoing proceedings before the Tribunal, including access to archives, the production of documents and access to and the protection of witnesses.
working group mandated to continue and finalize the process
There is vast range of flavors and different curry mixes used for different foods.
Item 10. Technical cooperation activities:
Lizards and mice can lose their eyesight in a blink ( so to speak ) inhabiting lightless caves.
The ancient greek sacrifice lamb or calves before engaging in battle.
Agenda item 3
181. The Comptroller-General for Places of Deprivation of Liberty contributes to vocational training in the fundamental rights of persons deprived of liberty through annual appearances at the schools for public servants (National Prison Administration School (ENAP), National College of Administration (ENA), Legal Service Training College (ENM), National Police Academy (ENSP) and Gendarmerie Nationale Officers College (EOGN)).
Working paper containing commentaries on the most important provisions of the draft United Nations declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples
The Expert Group had before it a conference room paper setting out issues relating to the role of civilian private security services, their monitoring and oversight, to facilitate its deliberations (UNODC/CCPCJ/EG.5/2011/CRP.1).
The cost of this programme is estimated at US$ 150 million.
Materials supplied ("Claim No. 9")
Old large and medium-sized, state enterprises must be invigorated through technological upgrading, and qualified ones should be allowed to engage in importing and exporting.
Basically, this influence is domineering and makes it difficult for you to run your life normally.
Safety Bulletin 3/2009
In August 1989, the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities (later called the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights), a subsidiary body of the Commission on Human Rights, mandated the preparation of a study of environmental degradation and its relation to human rights.
2000- Chairman of the Committee advising the Netherlands judiciary on the integrated use of electronic data sources.
DWS acknowledges that the Action Plan has set good initiatives in motion. For example, the government wishes to improve professionals’ efforts for women victims of violence - a lengthy process requiring training, interdisciplinary cooperation and development of concrete personal skills.
For this purpose and thanks to the contribution of our 1,000-member network spread over 70 countries, we have identified four key issues and cooperation strategies to address them:
General Assembly
7. Requests the President of the General Assembly to draw up a list of interested representatives of non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council who may participate in the high-level meeting;
In addition, RPUF reinforced by modified glass beads have a higher thermal stability.
WCO is the only international organization dealing exclusively with customs matters.
-- Education and Healthcare
Banquet on the mixed feelings myself, but do not know where to start, all in the wine.
Article 82 Administrative rules and local rules have the same legal authority have the same legal authority and are implemented within their respective scope of authority.
Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances (postponed until 2008); independent expert on the effects of economic reform policies and foreign debt on the full enjoyment of all human rights.
浣犲氨鏄疪obbie鍚с€?Hi.
Data collection
Several trends have emerged over the decades:
This will complement the obligation of the Party responsible for compliance of the national or private entity under their jurisdiction with the relevant Kyoto Protocol mechanisms to seek to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol mechanisms are respected.
These antennas are more rugged than they appear, suffering damage only when loused into huge waves during typhoons, or in combat.
WeII, you can be somewhat intimidating
In several of these countries, monetary policy has been targeted at either the exchange rate or inflation, leaving little or no room for counter-cyclical actions.
The African Union organized, with the support of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs, the workshop on the implementation of resolution 1540 (2004) held on 10 and 11 December 2013 in Addis Ababa.
We promise that we will definitely return the postage to you when we carry out our first cooperation.
However, it states that: "The rate used to discount post-employment benefit obligations (both funded and unfunded) shall reflect the time value of money.
Customs administrations should seek to adopt these instruments which contribute to the objective of simplifying and harmonizing Customs procedures in an international context.
Air Pollution Control (Specified Processes) (Amendment) Regulation 2005
"Welcoming further the progress made during the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Elaboration of Complementary Standards, held in Geneva from 11 to 21 April 2011, and looking forward to the convening of the fourth session, to be held in Geneva during 2012,
On behalf of the Chairperson of the Commission and at the request of the African Union Peace and Security Council, I am writing to you with respect to the situation in the Central African Republic.
Item 3 (a) of the provisional agenda
The law also adds an undefined "community-based rehabilitation" period of up to four years, effectively permitting incarceration without trial for up to seven years.
Sixtieth session
Convinced that the wishes and aspirations of the peoples of the Territories should continue to guide the development of their future political status and that referendums, free and fair elections and other forms of popular consultation play an important role in ascertaining the wishes and aspirations of the people,
In the medium variant, fertility declines from 2.56 children per woman in 2005-2010 to 2.02 children per woman in 2045-2050.
Electron microscopy has been used for several years as a routine tool for the study of pharmaceutical formulations.
Team Members must be able to swim not less than 50 M wearing light clothing.
OIOS found no evidence of a risk-management process within the Division to identify, monitor and mitigate ICT risks.
There were a total of 33 accused awaiting trial in 17 cases, appeals had been completed in 20 cases involving 28 accused, and 20 fugitives were at large.
An area of approximately 17,500 sq. km has been selected which is characterized by high grade and by high abundance of nodules.
This is the result of scarce financial resources, which should provide for better work conditions.
It also recognized the need for dissemination of research knowledge, technology and expertise in the field of biotechnology, in particular in the areas of agriculture, pharmaceuticals and health care, that could benefit mankind.
Like using rocket boosters , mirrors, or even a fresh coat of paint to nudge it out of earth's orbit?
“In conclusion, thank you for the efforts you are making and we wish to assure you of our support for all steps you take on the way to nuclear, and general and complete disarmament.”
But the details given in the Bhagavatam show that its cosmology is much more sophisticated.
Staff trained in international legal assistance
Even if we consider the United States as an occupying power in that country and that Mr. Al-Kubaisi is detained as a threat to the security of the occupying power, or if we consider that the United States has permission under the Security Council resolution 1546 (2004) to detain civilians, both countries are still bound by the provisions of the Fourth Geneva Convention and article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to which the United States and Iraq are party and have not derogated from.
Welcoming the establishment, by a number of States where serious human rights violations have occurred in the past, of mechanisms to expose such violations, including commissions of inquiry or commissions for achieving truth and reconciliation which complement the justice system,
19. The United Nations has strengthened the normative framework supporting transitional justice, including the right to justice, truth and guarantees of non-recurrence.
(c) Organize one interregional forum to share examples and lessons learned aimed at assisting countries in the identification of Aid for Trade projects.
(d) Intensify and expand the availability and accessibility of research on the operation and contribution of cooperatives and establish methodologies for the collection and dissemination of comparable global data on cooperatives and their good practices;
17. In promoting the Secretary-General's "We must disarm" campaign, the Regional Centre conducted outreach activities in its host country, Nepal.
1. Adoption of the agenda
Without Taiwan's participation in appropriate international mechanisms to respond effectively to the Security Council's call for action on international terrorism, there exists a critical gap in the global network to safeguard against terrorism and money-laundering.
The increase of $128,600 is due to the holding of one additional session of the Board ($83,000), three additional missions per year to be carried out by Board members ($27,600) and additional travel requirements for the members of the Subcommission ($18,000).
Idlib -- Khan Shaykhun -- Armanaya, 9/8/2011
Also, the total number of scholarships for profiles which are in demand is 809, of which 531 or 65,6% are awarded to female students.
Concerns about transborder radiation are reaching far beyond China as people in countries as distant as Singapore and the Philippines struggle to understand the effects of nuclear disasters.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
It now calls on the parties to fully cooperate with the Boundary Commission and to fulfil their financial responsibilities regarding the Boundary Commission's work.
Assessment of social assistance programmes
Letter dated 17 September 2004 from the President of the General Assembly to the Chairman of the First Committee
There is a similar lack of clarity with regard to the reservation relating to article 2.
CAN read quickly enough to cope with the demands of an academic course.
However, 36 per cent of the water were contaminated at the point of consumption that it had been at source (17 per cent).
This place was grimy and low, the girls were careless and hardened.
America"s sweetheart here has got a potty mouth.
They included: the matrimonial law of 1988 (which recognized marriage as a partnership and the value of unpaid work); the new divorce law of 2000; the nationality law of 1992; the federal law of old age and survivors' benefits of 1997; and the equality law of 1996, which dealt with non-discrimination between women and men in the workplace.
A primary  key column is identified by a primary key symbol in its row selector.
Noting that genocide is often facilitated and supported by discriminatory laws and practices or lack of effective enforcement of the principle of equality of persons irrespective of race, colour, descent, or national or ethnic origin,
The main focus of its activities should be to encourage and enhance mechanisms of dialogue and cooperation among States rather than to strengthen monitoring.
With respect to paragraph 4, EC indicated that it had provided notification of its inspectors and given due publicity of the authority entitled to receive notifications through relevant RFMOs (CCAMLR, NAFO, NEAFC and Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission (IATTC)).
You should not use material and non-material to understand the concept of the void.
 73. Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session (P.73):
Economic Development and New Partnership for Africa's Development Division Subprogramme 2.
(f) National gazetteers;
A. Background and Purpose of This Analysis
9. Project delivery
48. Ms. Skarpeteig (Norway) asked what the main obstacles were to ending impunity for perpetrators of sexual violence against children.
The Government of Chad should also be encouraged to adopt and implement the draft action plan on the recruitment and use of children.
Finally, the document is to be used by the relevant disposal or recovery facility to certify that the waste has been received and that the recovery or disposal operation has been completed.
Agenda item 2
If a seller intentionally sells products not complying with the relevant national or trade standards safeguarding the health and safety of human life and property, the products for illegal sale and the unlawful earnings thus made shall be confiscated.
Taku Watanabe
The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m.
In addition to this factor of magnification , two other factors, contrast and resolution, are of great importance.
Electronic methods of distribution should nevertheless be selected carefully by targeting those with the capacity to receive or supply information electronically.
 13. Activities related to knowledge generation, knowledge networks and experience exchange accounted for $5.4 million, or 26 per cent of total IFPPE expenditure, in the biennium.
The text of these decisions is reproduced in annex VI (vol. II).
Deaths in 1999
Right of peoples to self-determination [66]
To a large extent, humanitarian assistance was provided by civil society organizations and private individuals.
If the Iran crisis were to boil over, the pivot to Asia would no longer be America’s main foreign-policy priority.
Impact on the Agency's reforms
GC.14/10
(c) Records and documents
Note verbale dated 28 May 2013 from the Permanent Mission of Peru to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
To this end, public support, including subsidized support, is necessary to facilitate the “down-scaling” of commercial banks and the “up-scaling” of informal finance institutions.
This programme is aimed at encouraging and developing vocational training of workers by means of accelerated methods and courses, using the resources of the enterprise itself.
Introduction 1 - 13 4
Other matters
The "erotic" is basic ingredient of life-essence and motive of individual action .
Line 6
Make the writing topic close to the students'realistic life so as to stimulate their writing interest and enlarge their way of thinking;
(d) Strengthening disaster resiliency in East and North-East Asia through enhanced cooperation on technology and knowledge-sharing.
actualizing the famous brand stratagem;strengthening the subject construction;
New estimates based on his revelations put the Israeli arsenal in 1986 at some 200 warheads (rather than 20) and currently at close to 400, which would make Israel the fourth largest nuclear power after France, and possibly the third largest after the United States and Russia.
(iii) Using information and evidence received from other international organizations and States parties;
Notwithstanding the capacity to detain individuals, the entire system of detention provided for by the Geneva Conventions is founded on the notion that detainees must be registered and held in officially recognized places of detention.
The Panel further noted that a special standard should apply to C2 claimants who had established that they had been taken hostage or otherwise detained or in hiding (i.e., had valid claims for “C1-MPA” losses) and that the mere fact of completion of the C2 loss page alone in such cases could be viewed as sufficient proof of the fact of their injuries.
25. Under the right to health, access to information includes providing consumers with information on the prices of medicines.
Politics of Kurdistan
 We believe that the international community must prohibit external intervention in the internal affairs of Afghanistan and help the Afghan people find an acceptable formula for agreement.
Written requests are required for this service.
Only the most serious breaches of fundamental rights can constitute exceptions to the power of the State to decide conditions allowing foreigners to enter and remain in its territory.
But traders say Lehman and WaMu have more debt than cash, meaning they have no equity value and that buying their shares is a forlorn cause.
You will not only produce, but teach them how to act.
China would probably build a carrier at the Shanghai Jiangnan Shipyard.
Amount
Noting in particular the Court's reply, especially that the construction of the wall being built by Israel, the occupying Power, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including in and around East Jerusalem, and its associated regime, are contrary to international law,
It is the right plan. It will take time to have its full impact.
Subtotal A
Also, the Palestinian economy must be prepared to cope with new unilateral measures that could have implications for economic relations with Israel and for Palestinian national economic security interests.
A man is to carry himself in the presence of all opposition as if every thing were titular and ephemeral but he.
864. According to the Department of Management client satisfaction survey, 86.5 per cent of responses obtained were favourable or neutral, compared to the target of 75 per cent.
Create satisfying, meaningful connections with other people.
A syndicate loan Lending Policies of Mortgage Banks
Twenty-five detailed follow-up replies received, of which 19 indicate that the State party will not implement the Committee's recommendations, two promise to investigate and one announces the author's release (see A/54/40, para. 470); 36 general replies, indicating merely that the authors' death sentences had been commuted.
Members can also form book clubs, play trivia games, and browse famous quotes.
The Ten Commandments
The highest proportion of women was for the Expert Meeting on Capacity-Building in the area of Electronic Commerce, where they represented 35 per cent of the total of 26 experts financed.
(ii) A net decrease of $138,500 under subprogramme 2 owing to reduced non-post requirements broadly related to reduced provisions for general temporary assistance as a result of the proposed conversions to established posts of nine positions (1 D-2, 3 P-3, 4 P-2, 1 General Service (Other level));
Wikipedia administration
Maxime Hamou
But , she pointed out that the statement was as harsh as it could be.
May also be used as primer for oxidative drying paints on stainless steel.
It can be all too easy to dismiss the worth or depth of your own problems, and thereby seek to apologise for your need for help.
Local tour coaches make 400 trips a day from HKIA to downtown.
"29. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its sixty-second session a report on the implementation of the present resolution and to include in that report a comprehensive and substantive analysis of the external debt and debt-servicing problems of developing countries;
Caravelas
Myungeurs uncle is meticulous concerning money matters, right?
Indeed, with each passing day, terrorism grows in scale in our subregion and threatens to tarnish the image of the Sahel countries, compromise tourist revenues and exacerbate our people's poverty and insecurity.
225. UNFPA informed the Board that it planned to roll out the balanced scorecard to the country offices in 2009, as the current one is for headquarters only.
43. JS1 reported that in 2009 Montenegro ratified CRPD and OP-CRPD.
Attendance . 87
It deals with racism in media and new information and communication technologies, trafficking, migration, conflict, poverty and internal displacement.
The Minister of Counter-Narcotics, Khodaidad Khodaidad, said that the approach to counter-narcotics had grown more sophisticated and that he expected a reduction of 20 to 30 per cent in the area cultivated in 2009.
Under normal circumstances, the departure date should be at least 2 clear working days after the date of lodging of the application. Request for retrospective issuance of CO(CEPA) will not be entertained.
 Agricultural trade is also subject to other Agreements and Understandings included in the Final Act, such as the Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (1994) (GATT 1994).
The fundamental problem has remained untouched: insufficient information to permit estimated prices that both buyers and sellers find credible.
I would request, however, that this statement be reflected in the official records of the General Assembly.
But it is ultimately a healthily cathartic one, as Asia and Japan have discovered over the past decade
The draft resolution to be submitted under agenda item 45 will be considered at a later date to be announced.
A sick milu deer is being kept alive at the centre.
XI International Symposium on Victimology on the 13-18 July in 2003 in South Africa: Forum members from, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Scotland, France, Ireland, Serbia and Norway participated in the Symposium on victimology.
Statements were made by the representatives of India, Spain and Brazil.
Government authorities deployed additional forces to secure the town.
[143]/ Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1986, Supplement No. 12 (E/1986/33). [144]/ Ibid., 1987, Supplement No. 16 (E/1987/36). [145]/ E/ECA/CM.20/27.
In close cooperation with the public and the law-abiding majority of business people, the government is also taking strong legal measures to tackle problems that are being created by illegal business activities distorting the market.
She underlined the importance of regular information exchange and human rights education for communities to raise awareness about their rights.
State efforts to suppress this custom are concentrated on raising awareness of health issues and directing programmes for the eradication of illiteracy towards remote areas where the custom is still practised.
47. Governments should support the organization of farmers into cooperatives and other types of producers' organizations that can improve farmers' bargaining position and help them to move up the value chain into the produce packaging, processing and marketing operations and help them to acquire inputs and sell their produce under better circumstances.
This represents a dangerous precedent in the practice of United Nations peacekeeping operations, in contravention of the basic values of the fundamental principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and the essence of United Nations peacekeeping operations in general;
The wording of its individual provisions takes full account of the international obligations of member countries and basically reflects the requirements arising from existing international treaties.
Within the context of comprehensive community training, the Colombian Family Welfare Institute (ICBF) provides places for teenagers and young persons in pre-teen and youth club programmes.
She had some slight gift of observation and that sense, so rich in every woman--intuition
Relationships of interpretation.
The proposed regional task force would be composed of focal points from each country who would work together to advance action that was important to the region as a whole.
10. Ms. Vadiati (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that the impact of armed conflicts on children, particularly suffering, displacement, separation from their families, emotional problems, and death or injury caused by hostilities, occupation or the indiscriminate use of anti-personnel landmines, was of special concern.
Largest by category: Professional and higher
[All permanent missions and permanent observer missions are invited.
Sertoli cell
Critical-use nominations already approved for 2006 under decisions XVI/2 and Ex.II/1 totalled 13,020 metric tonnes. Of the 502 tonnes of new nominations for 2006, the Committee had agreed to recommend 404 tonnes and not to recommend 98 tonnes.
Utilization of renewable energy in China was reported to have reduced the amount of coal burned by more than 33 million tonnes.
Russia's economy was specially the stock market has integrated the international finance system walked the isolationism path disadvantageous Russia's economic development.
Yet, when one considers other successful efforts to improve public health over the last five decades – for example, smoking bans, seat-belt laws, and speed limits – one finds that legislation typically supplemented education.
At the turn of the century there was a growing recognition of the fact that the contemporary challenges of pandemic disease, environmental degradation and terrorism demanded a global response.
There are other States in the region that possess extensive chemical and biological weapon capabilities with the means to deliver them.
2. In its resolution 66/94 of 13 January 2012, the General Assembly reaffirmed the importance, in particular for developing countries and economies in transition, of the technical cooperation and assistance work of the Commission and reiterated its appeal to bodies responsible for development assistance, as well as to Governments in their bilateral aid programmes, to support the technical cooperation and assistance programme of the Commission and to cooperate and coordinate their activities with those of the Commission.
Note by the Secretariat and other documents to be submitted by the United Nations system, Governments and indigenous peoples organizations
10. The first priority for developing entrepreneurs is to establish a stable set of business laws and effective institutions to manage the market system.
Achieve 50% gender balance in the professional and higher categories.
Hardly had he gone out when it began to rain.
Experimental Study of Steam Absorption into Aqueous Lithium Bromide with Vapor of Additive
I personally did not think it was a dirty game.
She has done so and, as stated above, the Judiciary of the Islamic Republic of Iran, according to article 8 of the same guidelines, has refrained from carrying out the sentence, "pending appeal or other recourse or other proceeding relating to pardon or commutation of the sentence".
It noted, however, that this was an ongoing review process.
There are three hundred and sixty degrees on the circumference of the earth; and these three hundred and sixty degrees, multiplied by four minutes, gives precisely twenty-four hours - that is, the day unconsciously gained.
Physical education
"  to tie the knot: "So when are you two tying the knot
According to an international weapons convention signed in 1997, Japan is obliged to provide funds, equipment and personnel to remove and destroy all weapons it left in China.
Assessment and Analysis on Ecological Niche Amenity of the Main Cities in Shaanxi Province
If the Government failed to act firmly, other efforts to improve the status of women would have little effect.
Portugal
CTV = 100 mg/kg-bw per day x 8 kg-bw/0.8 kg wet wt. per day
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that this item be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
" In return she was prepared to do the same for him and go down into the grave with him if he died first.
There is no sign that the occupiers have the necessary political will to eliminate the sources of instability.
Our foreign policy is defined by respect, the defence and promotion of democracy, human rights, and international peace and international security, all within the framework of the doctrine of human security.
The story is set in the spring of 1934.
8. The Committee sought information on the total number of work-months during which UNLB staff members were temporarily assigned to other missions and on the reasons for the assignments.
Private hospitals and doctors may be allowed to opt out of the publicly funded system and collect private fees from patients.
Even within highincome countries, a health gradient exists whereby people having fewer years of schooling, lower-status jobs and lower incomes have worse health than those placed higher in the socio-economic scale.
Recalling that the delegation had said there were about 600 single-parent families in Liechtenstein, she asked for confirmation of that number and wanted to know how many low-income families there were, how many were receiving welfare and what the average income of those families was in comparison with the average household income.
68. We invite relevant stakeholders, including the United Nations regional commissions, United Nations organizations and bodies, other relevant intergovernmental and regional organizations, international financial institutions and major groups involved in sustainable development, according to their respective mandates, to support developing countries, upon request, to achieve sustainable development, including through, inter alia, green economy policies in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication, in particular in least developed countries.
James did so dislike uncertainty.
United Republic
Official Records
China*
Payments to the United Nations Development Programme
We like to take a six-pack out to the park and play some Frisbee golf. Nice
It remains my intention to encourage the holding of in-depth discussions for the purpose of ensuring balance among the topics dealt with by the various Presidents under the P6 platform.
He can neither read nor write.
Nonetheless, many challenges remained.
Women, War, Peace: The Independent Experts' Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-Building, (Progress of the World's Women 2002, Vol. 1).
Item 2(a) of the provisional agenda
But when they stopped taking the pill the effect quickly disappeared.
20. Requests the Secretary-General, through his Special Representative for the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to continue to coordinate all the activities of the United Nations system in the Democratic Republic of the Congo;
In March 1993, the Japanese Government formulated a new long-term programme for government measures for disabled persons in cooperation with the Asian and Pacific Decade of Disabled Persons by the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP).
The lecture lasted two hours.
Extending cross-border electricity grids and increasing the efficiency of energy generation, transmission and distribution.
I know Jiangtou basic apparel market traders are to go there into the cargo.
All Governments were requested to supply any new or additional available information to be submitted to the Chemicals Branch of the UNEP Division of Technology, Industry and Economics.
Western reason why there This rule mainly refer to blow like an ugly mouth, it erred on etiquette.
It can also provide a facilitation and coordination role to advance the effective transfer and use of environmentally sound technologies (including knowledge diffusion) and the leveraging of financing to support the implementation of the IPF/IFF proposals for action.
16 August 1999 ORIGINAL: ENGLISH LETTER DATED 13 JULY 1999 FROM THE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE
As the basis for their discussion, the consultation participants considered the consolidated issues paper contained in annex II to the report of the Working Group and heard a presentation by the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel on an advance draft of the report to be prepared for the Nineteenth Meeting of the Parties pursuant to decision XVIII/12.
Aliens'residence cards are issued to those who stay in China for one year or more.
Dragan Zelenović*
52. Through the provincial civil prosecutor, the Public Prosecutor's Department must constantly strive to achieve the reconciliation of the couple and any other family members involved in a conflict.
The clouds have now been dissipated.
:: Ensure that all harm-reduction measures (as itemized by UNAIDS) and drug-dependence treatment services, particularly opioid substitution therapy, are available to people who use drugs, in particular those among incarcerated populations.
It aims at facilitating analysis by the Preparatory Committee of the elements, tone and style of the draft declaration.
New
They explained that guidance had not been prepared for the analysis of compliance by notifications with the requirements of Annex I of the Rotterdam Convention as that matter was considered relatively straightforward.
The General Assembly thus concluded its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 112.
60 Customs officers trained, June 2003
On the other hand, even if the General Assembly, on the Committee's recommendation, decided in favour of a three-week session, the Subcommittee was under no obligation to utilize the full three weeks.
Consequently, the actual term "sociostructural change" had been removed, but the idea was still there in different words.
1810s establishments by country
However, it was not possible to close the criminal proceedings because it had not been possible to determine the whereabouts of Wolfgang Purtscheller, who was needed as a witness in the case.
The Union therefore recognises the rights, freedoms and principles set out hereafter.
This study investigated the Isolation , culture and adipogenesis differentiation of porcine AMSCs in vitro.
That round is set to take place in Beijing next month
4. Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Furthermore, the South Schleswig Association has an additional 26 associations as affiliated members that work in all types of areas.
14. The impact of these three planned implementation options and their associated costs are described further below.
Knowing the numbers of persons with disabilities in a country and monitoring equality of opportunity and achievements made in terms of economic, social, political and cultural rights requires an enormous amount of current and reliable data.11
Global programme against corruption
20. GIEACPC and CRIN pointed out that there were many laws allowing male juvenile offenders to be sentenced to whipping as part of or as an alternative to the specified punishment for offenders under the age of 16, including the Offences Against the Person Act 1873, the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1887, the Railways Offences Act 1927, the Magistrates Code of Procedure Act 1892, the Corporal Punishment Act 1949, and the Juvenile Act 1951.
Participants, with a view to the future, broached issues and identified components of a SALW strategy that could be considered at the 2006 UN Conference.
Monitoring at the national and global levels has distinct purposes, ideally complementary ones.
38. Myanmar has also adopted an "Education for All" national action plan.
Why did you cancel the project?
 The contribution by specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to that effort had been essential both in the area of formal education and in the training of law enforcement officials.
Both spent much too little budget and thought on their air forces.
Member, Advisory Board, School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University, New York
One day a co-worker was helping a distracted dentist complete a patient's chart. She had to repeat the instructions for him several times.
One concerns the way that pastures have been divided between the two herding groups by a fence, leading to difficulties for the Nellim group in carrying out traditional Sami reindeer herding and arguably being one reason for the group's higher calf losses.
8. The Special Rapporteur has also been collaborating with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) in the preparation of a joint document which will be presented at the Day of General Discussion of the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the rights of all children in the context of international migration, and he will participate in the Day of General Discussion on 28 September 2012.
178. While the Committee notes the reintroduction of "the Programme for the Integration of the Roma into Lithuanian Society", it reiterates its concern about the isolation of the Roma community in ghetto-like neighbourhoods and their critical situation in respect of housing conditions, especially in Vilnius, where most of the Roma community is concentrated (arts. 3 and 5).
The company was one of the first to offer meaningful employment to the blind.
While noting that country offices in middle-income countries (MICs) found the programme support provided by the advisers to be useful (paragraph 23), the evaluation recommends that the Global Programme be leveraged to pay attention to the programming needs of MICs.
Target 2006-2007: 3 million returnees (approximately 38 per cent)
heart to hearhand in handarm in armshoulder to shoulderfix a time for   Have you fixed a date for the wedding
Namrup
Relationship Management Section primarily establishes cooperative relationship with stakeholders and map out the AML/CFT capacity building programme.
Numerous studies show that people who consume lots of vegetables have lower rates of heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, eye problems and even cancer.
We'll just do all the learning via the computers and Internet and home programmes.
61. The Municipal Committees for the Internally Displaced (local inter-institutional working groups created by Law 387) are supposed to include representatives of the displaced communities.
After paying the comfort of conscience, after acceptance of the pursuit of life.
Agenda item 89: Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations*
Yet, despite America’s central role in global emissions, the US Senate has done nothing about climate change since ratifying the United Nations climate change treaty 16 years ago.
The first Saturday in July, Hixson figures, has another benefit for her fiance.
Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee
It is a proud personal achievement for Campbell and a landmark moment for science.
In less than a decade, local drug use had increased considerably in Africa and the continent had become a major drug trans-shipment centre; that was why Africa was insisting that the interests of the transit countries, not only those of the producer and consumer countries, should be taken into account.
Water and sanitation
293. For the recruitment of Professional staff, the Human Resources Management Service reviews applications to ensure that they meet the job description requirements.
18. Following the conclusion of the study referred to in paragraph 64 of the Board's report, the Administration considered that the current approach to the determination of the proposed support account staffing requirements was in compliance with requests of the General Assembly and recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions endorsed by the General Assembly.
Burning a Book Churning the accounts of customers without profit to the point that they will no longer allow a broker to transact trades for them.
The changing toll in a traffic system affects the equilibrium state.
1055. Canada's Third Report noted the passage in Alberta of the School Amendment Act, 1994.
Focusing on the last round, there are several persisting or new problems that can be singled out for criticism.
I would like to express my appreciation for the services rendered by the United Nations specialized agencies -- especially the World Health Organization and its South-East Asia Regional Office and Country Office for Sri Lanka, and the World Bank -- and the Japan International Cooperation Agency for their advice, support and cooperation in controlling these diseases.
17. Mr. Ould Abeih (Mauritania) paid tribute to the UNCCD secretariat for its tireless work in tackling the challenge of desertification.
8. Stresses, in this context, the continuing need for impartial and objective information on the political, economic and social situations and events of all countries;
At the same time, it was pointed out by some other members that bilateral and regional agreements did not always provide sufficient guidance since they often tended to favour the stronger parties.
The existing barrier and planned route around Jerusalem is beyond the Green Line and, in some cases, the eastern municipal boundary of Jerusalem as annexed by Israel.
We consider water to be an integral part of our ecosystems and a resource that is renewed by the hydrological cycle.
32. Within the context of the Decade, training programmes of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) have incorporated a specific focus on indigenous peoples in the areas of conflict resolution, economic and social development, health, human rights, environment and culture.
1. Decides to extend the present mandate of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon until 31 August 2010;
This method mainly uses Cu-Cr catalyst and it can be used in industrial production.
In not addressing the responsibility of the Palestinian leadership to fulfil its responsibility to curb terror and violence against Israel, the Assembly has written the terrorists a blank cheque to carry on as they please.
2. The following observations are made in response to the concerns outlined above:
:: Management
Liu Guangding
29. During the reporting period, a national security strategy containing proposals for an accountable security architecture and a regulatory framework was developed.
Before the waiter brought the sherry the rocket that announced the fiesta went up in the square.
20. The Advisory Committee notes that the Registry's travel expenses are estimated to have decreased by $172,900 owing to improved management of the travel schedules of protected witnesses, combined travel missions and the use of United Nations aircraft (see A/66/557, para. 17).
You can read more about Faxitron X - Ray LLC by viewing the Faxitron Company Profile.
Budgetary levels for peacekeeping operations
Trafficking
60. The Committee considered the initial report of Zimbabwe (CRC/C/3/Add.35) at its 293rd to 295th meetings, on 22 and 23 May 1996 (CRC/C/SR.293-295), and at its 314th meeting, on 7 June 1996, adopted the following concluding observations.
I am pleased to say that my country has become party to most international instruments in that regard.
7.9 In the light of this conclusion, the Committee decides not to examine separately the authors' claims under article 21 of the Covenant.
2-17 November
This particularly relates to sub-Saharan countries.
Rule 104.2
The latest commercial information indicates that the market of raw furs is bind to advance.
Amazon also doles out recommendations to users via email.
The President (interpretation from French): In part II of its report, the Second Committee informs the Assembly that no action was taken under sub-item (a) of agenda item 89.
That would make the Register more balanced, more comprehensive and less discriminatory, and would attract a greater number of permanent participants.
The session was also attended by observers for the following non-governmental organizations with permanent observer status with the Committee: the European Space Policy Institute (ESPI), the International Academy of Astronautics, the International Astronautical Federation (IAF), the International Institute of Space Law (IISL), the International Law Association (ILA), the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, the National Space Society (NSS), the Prince Sultan bin Abdulaziz International Prize for Water (PSIPW), the Scientific Committee on Solar-Terrestrial Physics (SCOSTEP), the Secure World Foundation (SWF), the Space Generation Advisory Council (SGAC) and the World Space Week Association (WSWA).
In 2002, national education expenditure was 548.003 billion yuan, among which national budgetary education allocation was 349.140 billion yuan, accounting for 3.41% of GDP and reaching a record high since this ratio was first set in 1989.
The report of the Commission will be adopted at the final plenary meeting of the second session and submitted to the Trade and Development Board for consideration.
So engrossed was she that she had no consciousness of being observed, and one emotion after another crept into her face like objects into a slowly developing picture.
Global objective 2
Table 9.17 Resource requirements: subprogramme 4
Permanent Representative
Facilitation of financial and technical assistance, including technology transfer and capacity building, taking into account Article 4, paragraphs 3, 4 and 5, of the Convention; and
305. The Committee recommends that in Indonesia's fourth periodic report efforts be made to consolidate the written replies with other parts of the presentation, to avoid overlap and to enable the Committee to spend more time in dialogue with the State party.
International cooperation on humanitarian assistance in the field of natural disasters, from relief to development
(a) Poor understanding among policymakers and other relevant stakeholders of ecosystem-based approaches for adaptation and their distinctiveness vis-à-vis other adaptation measures with regard to, for example, the costs and benefits of such approaches;
The peace sought by the Arab countries is one based on justice and founded on a commitment to the implementation of international law in the Arab-Israeli conflict and on the principle of land for peace.
Scottsdale
In 2009, the unemployment rate was 6.9%, higher by 1.1 p.p. as against the previous year, but lower than the values recorded during first years of the analyzed period.
These companies would bid to buy mortgage - backed securities and other drag on the banks sheet assets.
Don't forget to unplug the device after you use it.
Thereof: Development
"In God's name, just go in peace," answered the woman, "I will manage that.
Coral (1994) stresses the greater sense of initiative and legitimacy acquired by displaced women when they transcend their traditional roles and become head of the family and/or interlocutors of State and societal institutions.
Then, picked up again light of face of a stone is thrown.
Overall, we call upon all participants at this Conference to spare no effort in order to make it a success story.
111. Currently the various Governmental Programs, under implementation, are the following:
The Committee considered that a number of elements cast doubts on the sequence of events leading to the death of the complainants' son as established by the State party's authorities.
Researchers have found that a neurotransmitter known as vasopressin is connected to altruism.
60. With regard to the legalization of urban squatter settlements, most of which are located in the capital city and for which the social component of FOGUAVI is responsible, progress has been inadequate, partly because other bodies involved in this process are dragging their feet.
And so  naturally  I am looking to wed again.
51. The question was raised why, when women account for about half of the electorate, and a good number of them are on the ballot, disproportionate numbers of men are still elected.
Enhanced efforts to address the 38 protracted refugee situations (5.4);
I was listening to them, you see, which Cameron wasn't, because he was busy thinking of his income tax, and it was as though I could hear their minds, know what I mean
States agreed that at the meeting they would follow the mandate given in General Assembly resolution 62/47 and focus on the consideration of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action and on identifying priority issues and implementation challenges and opportunities.
8. The Commission considered item 6 (b) of its agenda at its 4th and 7th meetings, on 2 and 4 March 2005.
  In spite of the human civilizations over thousands of years, people can not deny the function of money.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations (A/65/61 and Corr.1);
Objective:To research the effect of low frequency pulsed electromagnetic fields on enhancing fracture healing.
A number of parties and observers have responded to this invitation. Information on the transformation of PCP to PCA as well as additional information on persistence, bioaccumulation, monitoring and effects of PCA was submitted for review at Annex E. Information on contaminants (e.g., dioxins, furans and hexachlorobenzene) was also submitted for consideration.
Principal Assistant Secretary (Planning   Lands) 5
And this, apart from everything else, makes it easier for non-traditional religions and totalitarian sects to penetrate into Ukraine, and does not contribute to the people's spirituality or stability in society.
Among those initiatives was the $2 million Zayed book award, designed to motivate and encourage outstanding writers and intellectuals who contribute to various fields of Arab culture and human culture as a whole.
The evaluation recommended changes in procedures for data collection and analysis, allocation of additional human and financial resources, managerial reform and enhanced collaboration with other United Nations agencies and national and regional networks.
  The immense pressure facing female job seekers has forced them to accept the phenomenon.
Israel's actions, warned Kuwait's staunchly pro - American speaker, will " turn us all into terrorists "
Since 2000, these permits have become increasingly difficult to obtain.
On the same day, in a non-binding referendum, the islanders voted against changing the two-constituency system under which the Councillors were elected to a single constituency system.
My throat felt like brass.
Celeste
A damaged robot must remain off the field for at least 30 seconds.
CAT was concerned about the high rates of death in custody, especially suicide, among inmates, the insufficient capacity of inpatient psychiatric wards to accommodate prisoners with serious mental illnesses, the lack of staff and rehabilitative activities in forensic psychiatric hospitals and the use of restraints.
It is recommended that the term "progress indicator" be used, rather than "impact indicator", when referring to the indicators used to track progress in the implementation of the Convention against the strategic objectives of the Strategy.
In Shanghai, all roads lead to Xintiandi.
Consideration and adoption of procedural report
95. Since the Nairobi Summit, procedures for mechanical demining operations have improved.
I guess you'd say, what can make me feel this way?
Bartolomeo Cristofori
Recommendation 37
The mix of actors from the mainland (Li and Deng Chao) and Hong Kong in its glory days (Leung and the Laus) also proves a tasty concoction.
Due to the illegal conduct of the police, an essential element of the offence (an "act or omission" in the terms of the article) could not, based on the criminal law applicable at the time of the offence, be made out.
She was 75, and her father was 97!
said the Rat sharply: as soon as we get to the town, youll have to go straight to the police-station, and see if they know anything about that motor-car and who it belongs to, and lodge a complaint against it.
Despite significant growth in other areas of the Eastern Europe and Central Asia region, most notably Poland and Hungary, growth in GDP per capita is expected to be generally negative.
You can see a new park at the end of the street.
(h) To provide advice on the formulation of national plans and programmes to study, develop and utilize the full potential of space technology;
I. Introduction
II. ELECTORAL PREPARATIONS
They would coordinate all category I investigations and would be required to interact on a routine basis with senior mission and troop-contributing country personnel on investigation matters.
Fifteenth session of the AWG-KP;
Article 12.Supervisory organs practice a supervisory system over supervisory personnel in performing duties and in abiding by discipline.
That makes him a target, despite his scrupulous efforts not to upset the ruling Communist Party.
A strand of this project is to encourage those OTs which have yet to extend to the Convention to do so.
Waste incineration
1. The Forum expresses its appreciation for the various activities conducted by the secretariat and requests that the secretariat continue to support members and associate members in their efforts to further implement the Regional Action Programme, phase II.
50. Arab health ministers, meeting at Cairo, in March 1994, reaffirmed their commitment to the Pan-Arab Plan for Child Survival, Protection and Development, adopted by the League of Arab States at a high-level meeting at Tunis in November 1992.
Use proper packing to protect wire ropes and chain slings.
Local staff were therefore unwilling to have their salaries deposited in bank accounts because of the possibility that the host Government could withdraw the tax component directly from such accounts.
55. Unlike Morocco, the Frente POLISARIO had accepted the compromise proposed by James Baker, the Personal Envoy for Western Sahara and a former Secretary of State of the United States, although that plan had authorized Moroccans living in the occupied territory to take part in the vote and had strongly resembled the plan put forward by Morocco seven years earlier.
Turkmenistan
Item 2
Recalling its resolution 1995/14 of 24 February 1995, in which it requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Commission, at its fifty-second session, a report containing the opinions of Governments, specialized agencies and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations on the issues raised in the final report submitted to the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities by its Special Rapporteur on human rights and the environment, Mrs. Fatma Zohra Ksentini (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1994/9 and Corr.1),
A Centre for International Crime Prevention mission went to Pretoria to launch the other project activities, including: (a) preparation of a national anti-corruption strategy and action plan; (b) drafting of anti-corruption legislation; (c) enhancement of the capacity for prevention, investigation and prosecution of corruption in selected departments of the public sector; (d) assisting specialized investigating and prosecutorial units within the criminal justice system; and (e) assisting in the development and implementation of anti-corruption initiatives in two selected provinces of South Africa.
At the Mind/Body Medical Institute, participants elicit a relaxation response, repeating a word - anything from om to Hail Mary - silently as they exhale
13. A quorum for meetings of the Council shall be a majority of its members.
After the longest minute of Laura's life, he lowered the gun.
In this context, the Colloquium may wish to consider defining the PPPs transactions that any future work to such end may address.
To ensure the factory produce top Quality performance louvers our overseas clients to uphold our company name.
 23. ODPR acknowledges that the majority of returnees have joined relatives in parts of Croatia other than the former Sectors themselves.
39. An interactive discussion ensued, during which statements were made by the representatives of Brazil and Colombia, as well as the observers for Argentina, Barbados, the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, Guyana and the Bahamas.
The Lori language is similar to Kurdish, but is an independent language with its own rules;
The breach could, nevertheless, consist in the continuation of the result and not in the continuation of the act by the State that had produced the result.
At the global level, the Council welcomes the negotiation process on the elaboration of an international convention against transnational organized crime, including a draft Protocol Against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms, Ammunition and Other Related Materials.
28. There were no new developments during the period under review in respect of the operationalization of human rights monitoring in the Abyei Area, as called for by the Security Council under paragraph 10 of resolution 1990 (2011) and paragraph 14 of resolution 2075 (2012).
The core mandate of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) reflects the principles and priorities shared by the countries of the Americas and attests to the fact that some 15 OAS member States contribute to the Mission.
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
One of the most remarkable things about this text is that it's invariably the soaring, libertarian rhetoric that we end up noting, that we end up remembering, and that sticks with us.
It is the third such visitor today, for Drigung Gonpa has a profitable but gruesome specialty: disposal of the dead.
Languages: Spanish -- mother tongue; English -- proficient; Portuguese; French -- reading ability
Adopted unanimously at the 6645th meeting.
111. The Yugoslavia Tribunal has a financial investigator to whom I spoke briefly when in The Hague.
The men rushed in, grabbed it, and threw it into the fire, and as soon as the fire consumed it, he was redeemed, and he lay there in bed entirely in the shape of a human
In a rare burst of volunteerism, more than a million people flocked to the quake zone.
(b) UNEP's Environmental lLaw tTraining mManual, and other training materials;
Comparison of the budget and actual expenditure
Registry systems shall apply common protocols and procedures for the testing, initiation and suspension of the operation of registry systems or parts thereof.
Mild Pain: You feel this type of pain when you start to exercise but it usually goes away as you warm up and continue running.
It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one's children enter the medical profession.
 1. In this paper, the phrase "training and development" is referred to as "training" and is used in the broadest possible sense - as that set of activities that maintains and adds to human capital so that its performance is increased.
253. Members further took note of the Government's own acknowledgement in the reports that the situation in certain regions was not satisfactory, particularly with respect to small minorities.
12 Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/46, annex I, para. 19.
8. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented:
Vázquez needed some cover on the status of Urugayan immigrants in the US, and mainly, increases in quotas for its exports to the American market.
Again, in February 1998, the Prime Minister, to meet the concern of Parliament and the public in general, held a series of national consultations focusing specifically on ways to finance key development projects.
(b) Empowerment:
The Committee requested the State party to provide information on the issue raised by 31 July 2012.
(b) A review of that structure to assure that internal controls are working as intended and are adequate to achieve the desired results.
43. With regard to draft resolutions A/C.4/62/ L.15L.18, he said that they had no programme budget implications.
The anticipated disbursement of two additional pledges totalling $1.5 million will soon bring total contributions to $25.5 million.
When the stones destined to the final defence were in place, Enjolras had the bottles which he had set under the table where Mabeuf lay, carried to the first floor
You can go to complete the discharging formalities tomorrow.
(unit: No. of cases) Registrations
The Secretary-General of the United Nations, in his important contribution contained in his report entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, articulated these elements as part of a strategy of promoting preventive diplomacy and peacemaking.
It had before it a note by the Secretariat on the activities of the Commission regarding the coordination of science and technology for development and relevant activities within the United Nations system, including the outcome of the World Science Conference (E/CN.16/2001/5).
3. Recommendation 466 89
The meetings provided a platform for information-sharing on refugee response and recovery activities, as well as security briefings for humanitarian organizations
They have lost the edge.
With the rapid development of computer technology, the FEA method has become an important instruction to research and simulate in the field of cutting process.
Funding under the Convention;
A few weeks ago, we heard that Yahoo was readying a Portuguese-only Twitter clone under the name Yahoo Meme.
5. Summary
1975 Pacific typhoon season
Report by the Chair of the Expert Group on Technology Transfer
) (like father, like son.
The process indicators are important because they capture the transformation of the available means (inputs) into desired outcomes and, at the same time, demonstrate the democratic value of the efforts towards the realization of the right.
He leapt out of his office to greet the new postgraduates.
In that regard, I should like to draw the attention of Members to the summary of the recent General Assembly panel discussion on commodities, which the President of the General Assembly will transmit to the Second Committee.
which reward excellence at all levels;
It is extremely regrettable that the authorities of Myanmar used force against peaceful demonstrators, which brought about casualties, including the death of a Japanese citizen.
E/1986/4/Add.2
(a) Enhancing opportunities for discussion through the organization of regional seminars/conferences (financed from voluntary contributions) relating to disarmament, confidence-building and international security at the request of Member States and, as appropriate, in cooperation with the regional centres;
The Commission may decide that a particular meeting or particular meetings shall be held in private.
Bidders' conferences
II. Socio-economic development, gender quality and women's empowerment
within 30 days from the date of the notification of their inclusion in the sample
Human Rights Council, Working Group on Enforced and Involuntary Disappearances, eighty-seventh session [Human Rights Council resolution 7/12]
Replies received from Member States
A substantial number of weapons and ammunition have been collected during the sensitization campaign.
Vested  interest groups are responsible for the creation of policy.
Norway
Section XI
Secondly, the US statistics of its exports to China has been under-estimated by neglecting re-exports.
Bored by college life and restless, leaves Dartmouth at the end of December.
 The other contained legal provisions that were in line with the second formulation.
Summary
Voluntary contributions are recorded as income upon receipt of cash, including amounts received pending the identification of specific projects.
United States Virgin Islands
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011: Office of Information and Communications Technology
You know, work, spending time with my friends, oh do not forget about tap dance.
IRT cameras can identify at - risk cattle 48 hours before they begin to show any clinical symptoms.
More importantly, there can be no substitute for a good teacher, who must not only be able to impart facts and theories, but also to appraise and encourage his students.
Estonia encouraged the continued steps to implement policy programmes for Roma integration, to adopt the National Strategy for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, intensify efforts to combat gender-based violence, promote the participation of women in the public and private sectors and diminish the gender wage gap.
You do throw like a girl.
During the Great Blessing of Waters, an Eastern Orthodox priest throws a cross into a body of water .
Nepal 42
Q 16 What was Bryce Larkin's cover job?
They were pleased with UNDP work in advocating for the role of women in post-conflict settings, and welcomed UNDP focus on recruiting expertise and strengthening staff capacity to respond to and work in conflict settings.
Diligence is the mother of success.
while it was thundering , the little boy clenched his mother ' s arm in terror.
Each planet plays a different role at a different time in a person's life.
I didn't have any breakfast. Neither did I.
It was also indicated that consultations on applying the regional approach to information centres in other regions had not yet taken place.
Have a different opinion The two leaders differed.
Of course you couldn't know.
Here's a thorny problem: to develop an objective way to rank countries according to the quality of life they offer their citizens.
Resources need to be freed to address pressing development challenges.
: [-- --] 8 Stray birds of summer come to my window to sing and fly away.
(k) Letter dated 30 April 2010 from the Permanent Representative of Namibia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Economic and Social Council (E/2010/61);
The meeting was called to order at 10.10 a.m.
The Government of Eritrea was notified on the afternoon of 12 February that UNMEE had decided to relocate to Ethiopia on the morning of 13 February.
The standards of professionalism of the security and safety personnel will be further enhanced through the provision of specialized training to the officers on a continuous basis, which will also maximize the use of officers for multiple specialized security functions.
The United Nations, its bodies, especially the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, and specialized agencies, including at the country level, and States, shall promote respect for and full application of the provisions of this Declaration and follow-up the effectiveness of this Declaration.
For enterprises previously acknowledged and determined as development ones, which have undergone changes and no longer conform to the requirements and standards for development zone enterprises, these Provisions shall no longer apply.
The Chinese government strongly believes that a sound rule of law is what people in every country desire in their quest for peace, development and cooperation.
Fourth
(iii) Training in project development and the management and operation of climate technologies;
61. The strengthening of the national police is another key stabilization benchmark.
43. The Committee notes with concern that the State party is considered to be a transit country for human smuggling.
Economic stability is a critical factor in ensuring that the assets of the poor do not deteriorate.
(g) Ensure that children are always separated from adults in all detention facilities, including in police cells;
The US Congress is poised to vote this week on emergency legislation to create a $700bn government fund to buy toxic assets from banks, in an effort to ease stress in the US financial system.
*Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
A series of electronic forums and workshops have been organized through the FORUM and there are plans to have more activities of this nature.
Banks already have seen a rise in credit costs recently, reflecting higher reported bankruptcies among small- and mid-size companies.
Main achievements
This section contains information about changing the look and behaviour of your computer to suit your preference.
The Commercial Court would serve predominantly the Eastern Caribbean jurisdictions, including Anguilla, the British Virgin Islands and Montserrat.
On 11 January 2006, he was convicted by the Sarpsborg District Court of fraud and several breaches of the Norwegian Act on Value Added Tax and the Norwegian Accounting Act.
They do not all give this matter equal attention: not all reports are gender specific, information is not always disaggregated by sex and in cases there is a lack of
Delegations from seven countries, comprising officials from finance and planning ministries, national human rights institutions and civil society, participated in this event and identified concrete entry points and follow up actions to further advance human rights in their respective national development agendas, public policy and financial frameworks.
The regulations on the exercise of autonomy and other separate regulations of autonomous regions shall be submitted to the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress for approval before they go into effect.
I call on heads of state and heads of government to stand rock-hard against the despicable efforts of the tobacco industry to subvert this treaty.
Practical needs should be aligned with available resources.
Contents
They're depending on him finishing the work by Friday.
Technical papers and reports prepared by the secretariat upon the request of the Conference of the Parties, which are relevant to the financial needs of developing countries under the Convention;
V
Let me enlarge on this basic theme.
The curriculum for such training is being finalized, and the first course is scheduled to start in November.
Indeed, the most recent poll shows that 42% of voters deem Mr Harper the best national leader and a mere 17% back Mr Dion.
2010 World Population and Housing Census Programme
16. More specifically, one of the communications concerned a group of women who were allegedly raped and shot by an SPDC commander near the villages of Wan Wawn and Wan Ek, Nawng Kaw Tract, Nam-Zarng Township, in January 1999.
A three-year project on gender training for judicial officials was currently under way.
That helped give China a record $29.4 billion trade surplus in September, helping to drive foreign-exchange reserves toward $2 trillion.
Other Fund-supported activities charting new ground included the youth peace ambassadors, the Tumutu comprehensive disarmament, demobilization and reintegration approach and the partnership with the Ministry of Justice to establish a gender-based violence unit to deal primarily and decisively with the abuse of women, which started during the conflict era and continues with impunity in the post-conflict period.
Delegations of Member States wishing to register may contact Mr. John G. Scott, Secretariat of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (e-mail scott9@un.org).
Multiple concurrent running copies of the script show whether the Web service performs under simulated production situations.
displaced persons and humanitarian questions
No significant evidence is provided either that the conditions in the prison or prisons in which he would be held in California generally amount to torture within the meaning of article 1 of the Convention, or that the circumstances of his case are such that he would be subjected to treatment falling under that provision.
Großobringen
Chronic diseases continue to account for a disproportionate number of health challenges in Bermuda.
112. Decides to reduce the overall requirements for construction, alteration, improvement and major maintenance by 6.9 million dollars, and requests the Secretary-General to prioritize between the projects proposed in order to ensure the security of staff, delegates and other personnel at all duty stations;
In addition, the adoption of yellow, magenta, black order, which is beneficial to change, easy to clean rollers, ink tank.
Content of applications
It has held 25 workshops with 4,000 excombatants.
33. Encourages Member States to ensure that the principle of nondiscrimination on the basis of age is incorporated and upheld in health policies and programmes and that the implementation of such policies and programmes is regularly monitored;
Voluntary Trust Fund for Assistance in Mine Clearance
Um, well,  I'll just pick you up then.
13 June 2006
I never thought to get somthing from him. He even can not speak mother language, let alone English
Black Sea simultaneously is also undertaking the Russian energy transportation pipeline's important channel task.
4. Basic education services
United Nations
19. The Council held a discussion on coordination, programme and other questions (agenda item 7) at its 40th, 42nd, 43rd, 46th, 50th and 51st meetings, on 15, 16, 19, 21 and 23 July 2004.
oh, I believe in yesterday
Given the irregularity and seasonality of informal sector workers' incomes, their financial capacity to pay the required contributions, by itself, is already a serious concern.
Convention on Biological Diversity
On behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus, I strongly protest the aforementioned violations, which, as indicated in our previous communications, blatantly endanger the safety of international civil aviation, contravene international law and air traffic regulations.
He's brilliant and gutsy, perhaps the best the - field coach in America.
 (ii) Turkey has included topics such as democracy and human rights in its educational system, incorporating them as key principles in the national Education Law, the Regulations on Primary and Secondary Schools and other related regulations;
Under the UNFCCC/Kyoto Protocol (KP), reporting provisions have become highly controversial in the light of the use of UNFCCC/KP reporting data as the primary justification for national commitments regarding emissions reductions and other key components of the operation of the Convention.
(e) Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
Later, the army categorically denied reports of ill-treatment.
If a user forget the exIt'sign, users can now log in from any remote place.
Think of Adorno and his incredible gloom about the culture industry.
30. CODEHUPY points out that women earn only 31 per cent of what a man earns for work of a similar nature.
The proportion of concessional foreign loans in the total investment may be appropriately raised for some projects in the region.
(c) Combat practices and prejudices among the law enforcement personnel that constitute a barrier to reporting rape, sexual violence and violence against women;
Secondary outcomes were 30 % reduction of pain and withdrawals related to aderse cents.
Ensure that the face, neck and back are shaded from direct sunlight by the broad brim of a helmet or wide-brimmed hat.
(UNA013-03110) Security and safety
 I am confident that, should strict enforcement continue to be necessary, UNPROFOR will work closely with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to ensure that the intent of the Council to protect the safe areas is carried out.
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE TRUST FUND FOR SUPPORTING THE NEGOTIATING PROCESS AS AT 31 JULY 1998
At the same time, the price supervision and inspection carried out.
34. At the request of Cuba (on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement), the secretariat provided the Working Group with the provisional time frame for implementation by the task force of the road map, which took into account the proposed additional partnerships to be evaluated by the task force.
Not as adulteration convicted methods of free acid mine.
That what they're calling it these days?
A national system is established to implement controls in respect of the chemical substances covered by the Convention.
Civilian facilities in the Belgrade suburbs of Kijevo-Knezevac, Batajnica, Jakovo, Borca and in the vicinity of Pancevo have been attacked.
32. The SBSTA agreed to bring forward the sixth regular meeting of the EGTT, which had been scheduled to take place in conjunction with the thirty-third sessions of the subsidiary bodies, in order for the group to advance its work and finalize its reports in time for these sessions.
It's okay. No one can hear us.
28 May 1993a
The Committee was informed that the initiative was also designed to enhance capacity to harmonize support to United Nations agencies, funds and implementing partners operating in the region.
Experience can also be drawn from similar initiatives taking place in other federal States, such as Australia, Brazil and India.
Artificial flowers are permitted at the Cathedral City location only, due to extreme climate conditions.
This programme will continue in 2003.
A: Here are the floor plans for the second and the fourth floors
How much meat do you need for this dish?
36. When the oil spill occurred in July 2006, the national response capacity was overwhelmed because of the ongoing conflict, the simultaneous need for a massive humanitarian response, the destruction of infrastructure and the land, air and sea blockade by Israel.
(f) Recognize the increased need for all States to reinforce their efforts on improving existing control and cooperation mechanisms, including through membership of the IAEA Incident and Trafficking Database;
(b) Promoting greater participation of young people in space science and technology (A/AC.105/C.1/2008/CRP.4).
Tangkou coal haulage team vice captain on duty can be holy king looked at his watch, is 2: 00 at night more.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
Letter dated 3 October 2003 (S/2003/952) from the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting, in his capacity as Chairman of the OIC Group, the final communiqué of the annual coordination meeting of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the States members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, held at United Nations Headquarters on 30 September 2003.
This standard defines the high-level quantitative requirements applicable to all elements of unmanned systems launched into or passing through near-Earth space, including launch vehicle orbital stages, operating spacecraft and any objects released as part of normal operations or disposal actions.
5. JS1 noted that the legislation in Serbia had not yet been fully harmonized with international standards of the CRC.
The production of financial innovative is closely related to the environmental the economy and law.
We're about to loot and pillage a country!
Several speakers emphasized the need to offer sustainable alternative development opportunities to small farmers before engaging in drug crop eradication activities, thus avoiding conflict and integrating those farmers into the development of the project.
Meanwhile, the United Nations would help the Transitional Federal Government to develop an inclusive Somali security sector within a rule of law framework.
Item 11 (b) of the provisional agenda
44. Parliaments and NHRIs as appropriate should encourage the Executive to respond to human rights judgements expeditiously and effectively, so as to achieve full compliance with human rights standards.
In addition, a task force to evaluate the implementation of the Addis Ababa Plan of Action for Statistical Development in Africa in the 1990s has commenced operations.
The exchange rate is stabilising, labour disputes have been settled and efforts to cut costs and improve productivity are expected to accelerate as Chung Mong- koo, Hyundai’s chairman, returns to management.
A great variety of snack : The eggs used for the festivals and the cold jelly.
It has been most often described in fish, crustaceans, shellfish and offal (for an example study and references for further studies world-wide, see FSA, 2008).
It has continued to improve its tools to report on the impact of each of its recommendations.
By these standards, the decision not to bail out Lehman looked right.
At the OSCE Istanbul Summit, held in November 1999, the heads of State or Government of the participating States agreed in the Charter for European Security to "undertake measures to eliminate all forms of discrimination against women, and to end violence against women and children as well as sexual exploitation and all forms of trafficking in human beings.
Therefore when you meet together, it is not to eat the Lord's Supper
19. The representative of Belarus said he had the impression that the authorities of the City were not fully informed about the incident.
He remembered every detail of every book he read and was able to recall facts and trivia on a multitude of subjects.
John: Thanks. You've been very helpful.
Cumulative surpluse
Geography of Washington
359. The CC sets legal majority at the age of 18. However, emancipation of a minor is automatic through marriage.
There are fours steps that nearly all CPUs use in their operation: fetch, decode, execute and write-back.
By virtually playing the role of first lady, she developed a relationship with US first lady Laura Bush.
31. Mr. Mirmohammad (Islamic Republic of Iran), introducing draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.53 on behalf of the Chairman, said that in paragraph 10, the Secretary-General was authorized to enter into commitments for the Mission for the period from 6 August 1999 to 30 June 2000 in an amount not exceeding $200 million gross, inclusive of the amount of $41,011,200 gross previously authorized by the Advisory Committee.
Mr Thornton is enormously enthusiastic about the potential in his job.
This does not allow for analysis of productivity by size of enterprise, nor their use of resources such as fertilizer.
The draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
If breathing carbon dioxide seems uninviting, the density of the air will appear worse.
Freedom of religion or belief should thus be systematically integrated into gender related anti-discrimination programmes as an element of their own quality management.
"The Security Council also reaffirms the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Chad and Sudan, as well as of all States in the region, and calls on all Members to refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any State, or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations.
Overview of estimated annual operational costs of the GM by location
28. Celebrating 22 years of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which is the first legally binding international instrument affirming human rights for all children, the Permanent Forum welcomes the adoption of the third Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on a communications procedure, enabling individual claims and the use of the examination process, and urges States to accede to this important instrument regarding children in the most vulnerable situations, many of whom are indigenous, to allow them access to recourse and redress.
All of these groups had shorter survival prospects than people who were currently married.
They welcomed the opportunity to inform the Governing Council and, through it, the General Assembly, of their work. They expressed appreciation for the guidance received from the Council and requested the Chair to continue the practice of circulating a draft of the Group's report on its work to Group members for their comments, and to submit the final report to the Governing Council at its twelfth special session.
Rendering quality and scene complexity are often limited because of the real - time constraint.
UNDP report on the recommendations of the Joint Inspection Unit in 2012
Advice on the establishment of the Civil Service Commission provided through the Special Representative's meetings with the Prime Minister
The Office monitors and assesses humanitarian developments in relation to the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement, analyses their impact on the implementation of humanitarian programmes in the country, liaises with the military observers and acts as intermediary between them and the humanitarian community.
Third special report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
1. Election of officers.
a) to evaluate the ability of the results of design and development to meet requirements, and
The gate into the forest was open, so we entered it. We all started looking for new types of plant.
Dr. Keiichi Muraoka (Japan International Cooperation Agency)
Belarus
They came from within courtyards of homes owned by ethnic Albanian supporters of the 17 February 2008 unilateral declaration of independence (UDI).
Fifty years after the United Nations avowed in its Charter to promote social progress and better standards of living in greater freedom, the time has come to put sustainable human development at the top of the Organization's agenda.
China's socialist democracy is a kind of democracy built on the basis that citizens' rights are guaranteed and constantly developed.
 As stated in paragraph 80, UNPROFOR requires a total of 46 helicopters and five fixed-wing aircraft. This represents an increase of 10 helicopters.
Points for discussion are contained in section V.
Biochar
Aleksandr Bondar
Even high-end banquet, it was no more elegant tableware, decorated it more luxurious, food is still a kind.
UNSEQ number: E-00198
As developing countries, and in the spirit of South-South cooperation, we stand ready to extend our full support.
1 P-4 to P-5, 3 P-3 to P-4
 Attention should be given in three areas as discussed in this report, namely, increasing private sector investment, speeding up technology transfer to developing countries, and improving coordination.
Total general-purpose income reflected a reduction of 22 per cent from $32.8 million in the biennium 2006-2007 to $25.6 million in the biennium 2008-2009.
:: Regular meetings with the Government, under the leadership of the Ministry of Finance, and development partners, including bilateral and multilateral donors and the United Nations country team, as stakeholders of the international compact/national priorities programme, to provide advice on the identification of national priorities relevant to humanitarian assistance and to coordinate mechanisms to monitor progress towards the implementation of such priorities
Slovakia
Fifty-eighth session
Most of the future demand growth is expected to occur in developing countries and countries in transition - at an annual rate of 8 to 12 per cent.
Baniyas, al-Juwaybat, 1979
International Civil Service Commission
Reaffirming that dialogue among religions, cultures and civilizations in the field of human rights could contribute greatly to the enhancement of international cooperation in this field, and recalling its decision to proclaim 2001 the United Nations Year of Dialogue among Civilizations, as well as its resolution 56/6 of 9 November 2001, entitled "Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations",
), a popular pet turtle introduced from North America, is an obvious example that has been threatening the survival of the native freshwater turtles such as the Reeves' Turtle (
5. In accordance with decisions taken at its 9th meeting, on 29 June 1999, the Special Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
2.8 After the complainant had been implicated in the statements made by Mr. Azurmendi on 23 and 24 March 1998, the Spanish procurator's office stipulated that proceedings against the complainant would be subject to the evidence.
They cite the Committee's recent jurisprudence in the Daouia Benaziza case, in which it stated in the Views adopted on 27 July 2010 that: "... the State party has a duty not only to carry out thorough investigations of alleged violations of human rights, particularly enforced disappearances or violations of the right to life, but also to prosecute, try and punish anyone held to be responsible for such violations.
His devilish nature can never be overcome by nurture according to Prospero.
3. Participants underscored the importance of sex-disaggregated data and gender-specific indicators for measuring and assessing progress in the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the outcome documents of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly and for effective policy formulation and programme design to promote gender equality and the empowerment of women.
The other complainants are his wife, Z.A., a Libyan national born in 1970, and their five children.
The Committee requested an extension to the Development Fund for a further 12 months.
Special meeting on the global food crisis
In this paper some pertinent research of silicone elastomeric materials such as mechanical properties and colorant are reviewed.
Female heads of households and level of education
July/September August/ September
Of course, said the girl, as if, after all, it were nothing in particular.
The list also includes projects scheduled for the rest of 1997.
Spain
The air filter is usually located in the air stream to your throttle valve assembly and intake manifold.
Draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.12 was adopted.
16. The Ad Hoc Committee noted with appreciation the useful contribution made by the representatives of IAEA to its work.
It was also reported that civilians were trapped in some of the localities as a result of roadblocks mounted by both the SAF and the SPLA.
Do this for two reasons.
(b) The lack of detailed statistics on LTAs (such as total number and volume, LTAs established in headquarter and field offices, breakdown by procurement category and by departments and country offices), level of utilization under the LTAs, joint LTAs, use of other organizations' LTAs (piggy-backing), performance of LTAs and other key indicators hampered to some extent analysis of the efficiency and effectiveness of LTAs.
The aim of controlling and occupying outer space is no longer a mere blueprint, it is now actually being put into effect through the codification of the relevant theory and policy, the strengthening of the relevant military departments and the stepping up of research into and the development of space weapons systems.
4. On the Monitoring Team's recommendation to adopt a regional and risk-based approach: The Committee wishes to emphasize its mandate as a global sanctions regime aimed at countering the threat posed by Al-Qaida and associated individuals and entities.
The commissions are also actively pursuing their efforts to integrate the regional dimension in the common country assessment/United Nations Development Assistance Framework processes, in collaboration with the resident coordinator system and the United Nations country teams.
However, this operation is equivalent to the Treasury shortening the maturity of its outstanding debt.
The Law of Land Administration of the People's Republic of China
Bearing in mind the objectives of the OIC Charter and the Cairo Declaration on Human Rights in Islam, of promoting, encouraging, and ensuring respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all in accordance with Islamic values and teachings, as well as the United Nations Charter, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and other relevant instruments;
In Malawi, UNEP assisted in formulating the draft chemicals and toxic substances management regulations 2006; the draft technical report on waste; and the draft environmental management regulations on sanitation 2006.
 Noting the importance of an even more effective implementation of international human rights instruments with regard to the rights of all persons, including those belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
It also encourages the State party to involve non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society in the preparation of its fifth periodic report.
When I was five years old, she invited some friends and relatives to her Bronx apartment for a party.
I'll have the law of you, you thief!
The reports and documents prepared under the subprogramme will be widely disseminated in connection with the provision of advisory services, training and workshops at the national and international levels.
The first component is the classic French Republican prohibition on gathering data in the official census – or by government agencies or public or private enterprises – on ethnicity, religion, and even social class.
Lonicera ligustrina
Unilateral and extraterritorial application of domestic legislation against other countries also adversely affected the rule of law and indeed could be qualified as internationally wrongful acts entailing the responsibility of the States concerned.
- 2008-12-30 13:57:001.Call me back please A:Could you have her call me back, pleaseB:No problem
(c) Assisting the International Narcotics Control Board to monitor and foster compliance by Governments with the international drug control treaties;
But I can say this: I've been practicing being present for awhile now, and I've gotten better at it.
It calls on the Security Council immediately to fulfil its mandate to bring an end to support for terrorism, which is funded and armed by the Qatari Government with the aim of undermining Mr. Annan's mission and the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Operational maps
92. It is also my intention to focus more on the African continent, to support the developments at the African Union and to encourage ECA to play a more prominent role in disability and development in Africa.
Deciphering the first code is the most difficult step.
There are numerous hurdles on the road to success.
MSV Venceremos-Rusia, Rusia;
Vitamin B and C can improve defense of human
100. The most significant change has occurred in the last five years in the 60-64 age group.
Subtotal (2)
3.1 The author alleges that the State party violated article 2 of the Covenant because it did not honour its undertaking to ensure the rights recognized in the Covenant without distinction of any kind.
Reporting from Washington, here's Steve Kingston.
Executive Board of the United Nations Children's Fund (E/1998/L.1/Add. )
Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Sudan
Conference of the Parties to the
If we lower our standards, the chances are pretty good that the performance next time would drop to those expectations.
As part of the strategic planning process, UNDP has formulated strategic environment and energy priorities corresponding to UNDP mission and capabilities.
On account of higher dynamics of exports than imports, GDP growth (2.0%) was backed by a large contribution of net exports.
Heavy reliance on a single mode of data transmission raises at least two problems.
Eventually the master was reduced to begging on the street.
Children born under a patrilocal marriage belong to the father's side.
Debt stock
25. Belgium was also seriously concerned at the plight of street children, children in armed conflict and children subject to forced labour.
(f) Enhancing capacity to formulate mitigation activities and policies and to integrate them with other policy instruments within the framework of sustainable development.
8. During the period under review, the effective implementation of the 20 June Agreement on the Abyei Area continued to be severely hampered by serious differences between the parties on the practical and technical modalities for the establishment of the Abyei Area Administration.
Letter dated 7 February 2005 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
The most luxurious and classy hotel with top services is the Beijing International Club Hotel.
Year 2013
I went to bed, as it was time, and lay quaking for a couple of hours.
He had requested asylum independently of his parents and, in his latest application, of 4 February 2008, set out the risks to which he claimed to be exposed as a result of his political activities in the Democratic Association for Refugees.
Other providers, however, have preselected eligible countries based on multiple policy indicators, defined "results" as applying to narrowly earmarked subsectoral indicators or monitored the results intrusively or inflexibly, relying principally on external actors such as auditors.
Heroes of Sui and Tang Dynasties
Promoting full employment and decent work for all
With the world economy slowing, exports are expected to slow locally and across the country.
 The entry into force of the Framework Convention on Climate Change was an important first step towards addressing that problem effectively.
11. 25-26 April 2001
The Literacy Program targets adults and out of school youths, with an aim to increase literacy levels.
The rubber band can be stretched out to twice length.
Calls upon all States to promote dialogue and cooperation on non-proliferation so as to address the threat posed by proliferation of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, and their means of delivery;
This was similar to the 13 per cent in the previous survey year to June 2007.
In  fact , however, it is the untruthful thought which is the more vicious of the two.
At its ministerial meetings, the Committee has examined and adopted recommendations aimed at preventing the eruption or resurgence of conflicts and restoring peace in situations of open conflict.
We would like to recall, in particular, the freeze on the expansion of settlements, the evacuation of the settler outposts and all measures aimed at relaxing restrictions placed on the movement of people and goods and at granting international and humanitarian personnel unrestricted freedom of access without risk to their safety and without hindrance.
The four laws, which had been returned to the Assembly for revision since they were not fully compliant with resolution 1244 (1999) and the Constitutional Framework, have been promulgated.
IV. Workload of the General Assembly
These consequences have been highlighted in a number of conflicts in the past decades, showing clearly the harm these weapons can cause: harm to human beings, harm to communities, harm to the livelihood of a whole society.
In both cases, staff said they felt , meaning they were less likely to exert themselves and were more likely to look for employment elsewhere.
Sitting below the unappetizing Gagripsh is the pre-Soviet Primorskiy (Maritime) Park, still maintained but “slightly neglected, ” says Victorovitch, with “overgrown slime in the ponds.”
10. The Advisory Committee continues to find the identification of cross-entity themes useful.
Compliance with United Nations security standards and increased security concerns at both headquarters and country offices require the establishment of a Security Officer post (P4) in the Division for Management Services (DMS).
In this respect, it would seem useful to include a general clause stating that applicable rules of international law continue to govern legal questions that might assume relevance in disaster situations.
Retail sales in the Russian Federation totalled $194.6 billion in 2004, with the distribution sector's contribution to GDP amounting to 22 per cent.
Children aged from 7 -12 (priority for new arrivals or low income families)
A/68/6/Add.1
In addition to denying reality, that approach undermined the role played by the United Nations as an agent for economic and social development.
It stated that the State Engineering Company had deducted the total amount of IQD 27,769 from Bhagheeratha's "R.A. bill" between September 1989 and October 1990.
The aggregate amounts per country or international organization, as listed in paragraph 19 of the report, are as follows:
 On 22 December 1990, the Security Council, by its resolution 683 (1990), determined that the applicability of the trusteeship agreement had terminated with respect to three of the four entities comprising the last Trust Territory, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands.
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening
:: Repatriation grant.
Relax when you dance.
As part of its prevention programme, the Commission on the Employment of Women produced a leaflet entitled “Sexual harassment in the workplace: prevention is better than cure”, summarizing the steps that employers and workers could take. 30,000 copies were distributed to the country’s largest businesses in June 1991.
One of the Board's tasks is to report annually on the nation's progress with respect to social inclusion.
Therefore, underlining the fact that energy security is an indispensable part of economic and social security as well as sustainable development, we invite the relevant parties to contribute to energy security and to further enhance dialogue and cooperation on energy issues.
298. On 19 March 2009, a journalist named Sakher Madhat Abu al-Awn, a correspondent of the Palestinian office of Agence France Presse, went to the headquarters of the internal security agency of the Ministry of the Interior of the de facto authority in Gaza, where he was interrogated as to the nature of his journalistic activity and accused of vilifying Hamas.
UNICEF has also provided special programmes on maternal and child health care through Child Survival Project (1991-1995), Integrated Management of Maternal and Child Care (IMMCI) (1995-2000), and Woman and Child Health Development (WCHD) (2001 onwards).
Agenda item 164: Human resources management (continued)
You can't help me No one can.
IHA
The painter does not copy nature as it is.
68. The Commission, at its fifty-fourth session (2002), decided to include the topic "Shared natural resources" in its programme of work and appointed Mr. Chusei Yamada as Special Rapporteur.
Another publication, La Clé de Geapo, has also been suspended.
One Innovation Institute hosted by 2009
Living necessary inclusive, but it makes no sense to talk about how can unknown inclusive!
Especially the development that pond fishery had advance rapidly in recent years.
For three months he dragged his injured hindquarters by clawing the earth with his front paws.
All the medical people said I wasn't going to play again this season.
Draft article 62. Limits of liability
241. Design clear and simple manuals and guides on practical measures to assess production methods and implement improvements.
Malabo
The deserted camp-fires burned down in the pale light of morning.
The closing of the trust fund is the final phase of trust fund management. It is governed by the organizations' financial regulations, other legislative instruments applicable to trust funds, as well as the relevant trust fund agreement concluded with the donor.
At the international and regional levels, a number of organizations have developed codes of conduct applicable to the public officials of the organizations themselves, or model regulations for the development of specific national standards applicable to the public officials of their member States.
Summary record of the 2nd meeting
One and a half million people live in Gaza.
Current plans call for completion of most non-IMIS validation and testing activities by the beginning of the fourth quarter 1999.
Right - click to change text or to refresh or modify hyperlinks.
Office of the Chief of Staff
20. Directs the Committee, with the assistance of the Monitoring Team and in coordination with the relevant designating States, to make accessible on the Committee's website, at the same time a name is added to the List, a narrative summary of reasons for listing for the corresponding entry;
Considering the embarrassing complexion that the stents depend greatly on importation in China this paper first aims at solving the major technical problems included in the manufacture and post disposing of the stents.
Having considered the relevant recommendations of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice,
It is important to reach out overseas, and as you know, I have been very active in trying to build relationships with China.
Eaten by birds.
On the first aspect he said that:
II. Introduction 3 - 15 3
Centre of Christian Youth (Salesiánské stredisko mládeze):
Numerous development efforts are being undertaken in several key national sectors aimed at enhancing the lives of our people, taking advantage of the integration of Burundi into the East African community.
Their map has since been superseded by photographic atlases.
The Organization's reform of peacekeeping operations and the establishment of the Department of Field Support (DFS) should enhance peacekeeping capacities.
Recommendation - we must be aware of the limitations of outbreak detection.
Angola welcomed the ratification of international instruments and the submission of reports on the implementation of recommendations from the first UPR cycle.
63-04 Lesson 60 Too early and too late
It noted challenges related to reconciling some religious principles with international human rights obligations.
14. Encourages the Non-Self-Governing Territories to take steps to establish or strengthen disaster preparedness and management institutions and policies;
An international organization which coerces a State or another international organization to commit an act is internationally responsible for that act if:
3. Moreover, the Government of Mauritius stated that the digital divide, technological deficit, illiteracy, poverty and paucity of infrastructure could not help but aggravate the marginalization of the already disadvantaged peoples in society.
4. The Board has made 30 main recommendations for the period 2008/2009, as compared with 41 main recommendations issued for the period 2007/2008, reiterating to a large extent its previous recommendations on similar matters (A/63/5 (Vol.
III. Work of the organizational session
Your body needs more of this mineral during pregnancy to keep up with your expanding blood volume.
E/ESCAP/CTI(2)/4
Let's pick out the bad potatoes from the basket.
 (b) Promoting the fulfilment of women's potential through education, skill development and employment, giving paramount importance to the elimination of poverty, illiteracy and ill health among women;
In its reports submitted in 2004 and 2005, Sweden indicated that 2840 mines were without fuses and could be connected to fuses kept for dummies.
You killed piers   nicholas.
You must take care of them.With these words, he went out.
Want proof?
The work performed by the individuals also requires high-level positions to maintain the regional diplomatic profile of UNMIK.
It was suggested that such a provision should be included in the text as draft paragraph 4 of article 40.
The steps taken to ensure the demobilization of child soldiers and to prepare them to participate actively and responsibly in society;
The incidence of a "disaster" is a function of the risk process, namely the degree of exposure of people, infrastructure and economic activity to a "hazard", such as an earthquake or hurricane, as well as the vulnerability of those exposed to the hazard.
It is envisaged that more work in this area will be undertaken in the context of the project on "Harnessing traditional knowledge for trade and development", described under (a) above.
Article 4
Positif
Comment: The Ministry of Industry calculates the percentages on the basis of the amounts indicated in the contracts approved, whereas, in the note from the Ministry, the percentage is calculated on the basis of the amounts actually allocated.
It further held a great number of private meetings.
Hundreds of billions of dollars will need to be paid in the U.S. and Europe.
16. Initial reports should establish the constitutional and legal framework for the implementation of rights, explain the legal and practical measures adopted to give effect to Covenant rights and demonstrate the progress made in ensuring enjoyment of rights by people within the State party and subject to its jurisdiction.
Presentations on the potential of information and communication technologies (ICTs) for development
Programme Officer (Monitoring and Compliance) - P3
29. Although it is difficult to understand the apparent lack of focus at such a critical stage in Iraq's weaponization development, IAEA has no information that contradicts Iraq's statement that it had never identified nuclear weapon design options beyond those preliminary concepts described in its report entitled "Basic design report of the implosion device" dated 14 July 1990.
Health
Instead, 41 community violence reduction projects implemented, targeting former armed individuals, and children and women associated with armed violence at the community level
A number of private media continued to relay provocative statements by political parties and groups against their rivals, and coverage of the activities of political groups by State audio-visual media remained imbalanced.
"No," he said, "you can't make it!
But the sensors required to build that map have traditionally been either expensive and bulky or cheap and inaccurate.
In deference to Lord Srikrishna's wishes , the Kauravas relinquish their claim to Draupadi.
7. Calls upon all States and the United Nations system to strengthen international cooperation as a means of assisting Governments in preventing or combating violations of the rights of the child and in attaining the objective of the elimination of child labour contrary to accepted international standards;
Her one object in life, as she told everybody, was her daughter Ruth.
These schemes were foiled in late 1999.
The Committee is further concerned about the information that some birth certificates may contain false data.
Special Rapporteur on adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living (CRC/C/108, paras. 544-545);
To probe the manifestations of opportunistic infections in AIDS patients to improve knowledge of AIDS.
I intend to make every effort to enable the members of the Commission to meet and to begin this important work, and UNAMET will be taking up the issue of security and protection for members of the Commission with the local police and military.
Through the incorporation of that law, which is reflected in international treaties, the two bodies of law are being progressively harmonized so that they can be implemented effectively.
We take careful note of the wish of the Timorese authorities to see the process of handing over policing responsibilities finalized by the end of this year in all districts and all units.
The examples used here are only to illustrate the concepts and may not represent a real design for any application.
After the phasing out of the MultiFibre Arrangement, there was a growing need for trade adjustment.
Described in detail by the Observer for Palestine and in the report of the Special Committee (A/64/339), the undeniable acts of aggression had notorious consequences for any peace process.
14. The Advisory Committee has no objection to the proposal of the Secretary-General to transfer the funding of both posts in order to align their functions with their respective sources of funding.
Another group, composed of United Nations system information officers from the Middle East and the Arab world, held two meetings and developed a strategic plan to bolster the flagging image of the Organization in that region.
76. As for the rehabilitation of victims who have suffered from the April 2009 demonstrations, the Special Committee to identify civilians and police officers who suffered from the events on April 7, 2009 was created on April 15, 2010 to coordinate and elaborate the necessary actions to be taken to help the victims by offering them proper compensations.
No.5 Malcolm McDowell [Actor] McDowell is an English actor probably best known for his portrayalof Alex in A Clockwork Orange, and more recently playing the part of Mr. Linderman in Heroes.
In Turkey, while contraceptive means were delivered free of charge to healthcare institutions until 1999, contraceptives have since been procured via the public budget.
Acknowledging the need to address violence against women and girls holistically, including through the recognition of linkages between violence against women and girls and other issues, such as HIV/AIDS, poverty eradication, food security, peace and security, humanitarian assistance, education, health and crime prevention,
Regulation No. 19. Uniform provisions concerning the approval of motor vehicle fog lamps. 1 March 1971
The reasons for these decisions can be requested under freedom of information legislation, but this takes time and the delay often puts the asylum seeker in danger of removal.
They are worried about safety; they even question if there is an added benefit by doing that.
The advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice that was rendered on 9 July is a historic development.
However, we believe along with consensus that the Bank will not hike interest rates.
These include hazardous wastes, e-wastes and end-of-life motor vehicles, to name but a few.
Strengthening the institutional and technological capacity to promote sustained economic growth and sustainable development by increasing the ability of policy makers to formulate and implement relevant legislation and environmental management plans;
International Law DivisionThe International Law Division comprises the Treaties & Law Unit and the Mutual Legal Assistance Unit.
Proportional method and bisectional method were introduced to optimize the dosage of every surfactant.
The words "by an injured State" ought to be included after "may not be invoked". (Republic of Korea)
I remove the cotton wadding from the mouth of a tube and shake a gold finch onto my palm.
As always, the Palestinian-Israeli conflict stands perched between diplomacy and violence.
And that's the VOA Special English Economics Report.
How should any one coming from a wider world not feel the difference and be attracted by it?
Article 2 The State, in accordance with the principle of the ownership being separated from the right to the use of the land, implements the system whereby the right to the use of the State-owned land in the urban areas may be assigned and transferred, with the exclusion of the underground resources, the objects buried underground, and the public works.
Its balanced position is transparent in the terms of its resolution 1244(1999) as a whole: nowhere it professed an obsession - proper of traditional international law of the past - with territory to the detriment of the people, of the local population.
Progress has been made towards solving the problem, some positive results being the destruction of counterfeit products worth a great deal and the confiscation of illegally reproduced merchandise.
Looking forward, the Committee stresses the need for the Secretary-General to take into account the decisions of the Assembly when submitting his next report on long-term Headquarters office space requirements.
Among the deputies to the National People's Congress, elected somewhat later, women made up 12 percent, with females accounting for 11 percent of all representatives from ethnic minorities.
You can find all the code for this more advanced sample in the source code package (see Download).
We walked far into the woods.62.
127. Housain Mohammad Hosain Adab
10. Even after the establishment of a constitutional Government for Puerto Rico in 1952, United States congressional authority over Puerto Rico remained unaltered.
The report of the Committee on agenda item 122, entitled "Programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001", is contained in document A/56/653.
Positive impacts would also be particularly beneficial to Arctic indigenous peoples who depend on traditional native foods and therefore are at much greater risk of PFOS exposure than other communities, given the widespread PFOS contamination of the Arctic food chain.
Steve hurried through his tests, and continued to dream of other things, as the day wore on.
General temporary assistance
Do you want to come in for some tea?
His country was contributing to projects in the field of standards, norms and conformity assessments, in particular in Ghana, Lebanon, Mozambique, United Republic of Tanzania and Viet Nam.
The Office of Information and Communications Technology will increase the level of professionalism and ensure that the appropriate certifications needed to perform ICT functions are obtained.
His “decisive struggle against dictatorship” – and determined opposition to any deal with Bhutto that excludes him – will intensify.
(f) Map and encourage the use of indigenous knowledge to inform early warning systems; strengthen networks of vulnerable groups around advocacy issues identified through the participatory vulnerability analysis (UNESCO).
2 - 5 September 2014, New York
Navy flag is lapping step the stonewalling armrest that pledges with lubricious material is proper the ground plain with solid outer space atmosphere foils come out.
RECOMMENDED CORRECTIONS CONCERNING CLAIMS IN CATEGORY "A"
ISESCO Islamic Edu.Scien.C.Org
General debate (19 - 22, 25 - 29 September 2006)
Japan supported the administrative and budgetary reform of UNIDO that aimed at increasing both its effectiveness and efficiency and appreciated the Director-General's efforts to delegate more responsibility to the field.
There is a strongly held view that meaningful progress on reforming international environmental governance should be based on an understanding that "form must follow function".
Obviously, he didn't know how to repair cars at all.
"[13] Recommends that article II, paragraph (2), of the Convention be applied recognizing that the circumstances described therein are not exhaustive,
A minister's term of office is not fixed.
 The Comoros has joined as a sponsor of the draft resolution.
One of the most important is clarifying the mode of interaction between the population unit and sectoral ministries.
And David took from him a thousand chariots and seven hundred horsemen and twenty thousand footmen and David houghed all the chariot horses but reserved of them for an hundred chariots
Autogenous deformations, internal relative humidity and compressive strength were recorded.
United Nations Children's Fund
Everyone's very busy. We're in the way here – let's go!
At the other end of the scale, Johannesburg replaced Blantyre, Malawi as the cheapest city on the planet.
33. Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that several questions remained unanswered and should be considered during the informal consultations.
The North itself has succeeded in developing a number of mechanisms to solve differences, in which the consistent application of the principles of equality and mutual respect commands our attention.
I lied,and I stole, And I lost the respect of my family... for what?
Political rights in general, the performance of public duties that are not predominantly technical, and rights and duties restricted to Portuguese citizens are excepted from this principle of equality.
An implied waiver in this case can be expressed specifically in the non-invocation of immunity by the State of the official.
At critical moments in the past, democratic forces in the Russian Federation have demonstrated their ability to act decisively to keep the Russian Federation on the road to democracy.
Its three international experts were international lawyers from Egypt and Saudi Arabia.
Some analysts were sceptical over how much demand there would be for English search on Baidu.
International assistance will be required to improve these countries' access to global trade information facilities and new trading opportunities through the use of telematic facilities such as Internet, and particularly through UNCTAD's Global Trade Point Network.
:: Retirees: UNOG: 472 (table 7)
The Committee invites the State party to further pursue, in collaboration with a broad range of stakeholders, including women's and other civil society organizations, awareness-raising campaigns through the media and public education programmes to make such violence socially unacceptable, and to continue seeking international assistance towards this end. Trafficking and exploitation of prostitution
We had a splendid view of the mountains because of the very good visibility.
This will certainly require a candid assessment of the events and causes of past wrongs and misunderstandings.
I. Introduction
These range from Organization-wide reforms and initiatives such as the new system for the administration of justice, talent management and the implementation of General Assembly resolution 63/250, to information and communications technology-related initiatives in such areas as rations, fuel and air transport management, and management initiatives such as the use of "Tiger teams" and Abacus teams to improve human resources and budgetary management at the field level.
She encouraged the General Assembly to give serious consideration to his proposal to establish a commission of inquiry into war crimes and crimes against humanity.
A decision graphic model of a decision process.
The resulting delay, attributable to the author was, according to the State party, equal to some 11 months.
Case 3, one entity (Status: delisting request withdrawn by petitioner)
(e) Intensify efforts to combat impunity, especially by prosecuting those suspected of human rights violations on 28 September 2009;
(a) Deprivation of liberty against the will of the person concerned;
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations [38]
Market have built - in terminal, set waterways, railways, road transport in one.
You see, I was hoping to give you a surprise
The total amount claimed in respect of the seven contracts is KWD52,308.
Credentials of representatives to the sixty-second session of the General Assembly
First Committee
Indonesia has also continued its cooperation with the Human Rights Council special procedures mandate-holders, including by receiving a recent visit from the Special Rapporteur on adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and on the right to non-discrimination in that context in May 2013.
My mother used to say that pressure can make diamonds.
Some free-market-oriented economists and investors complain that the Fed should have let markets take their lumps last summer, so banks and investors would learn not to make foolish investments again in the future.
It is also intended better to follow-up the development of views by Parties during the period since the CRIC implementation review process commenced.
In the past five years, United Nations peace-keeping operations have undergone considerable expansion.
Sing unto him sing psalms unto him talk ye of all his wondrous works.
18. The Board of Trustees held its twenty-second session from 16 to 20 March 2009 (10 meetings) and its twenty-third session from 8 to 12 February 2010 (10 meetings).
Speakers noted that the reports would be ongoing analyses destined to grow and evolve as reviews were finalized and more information became available.
Cost-sharing
(e) A two-tiered approach, whereby a programme of regional and/or thematic meetings would provide input to global meetings;
Returnee programmes.
We'll bury them tonight then we'll figure out what's next.
Japan believes that engagement with emerging donors and the private sector needs to be further promoted with a view to expanding the financial resources available for humanitarian assistance.
Payments are directly remitted to the duly recognized beneficiaries of the deceased or to the injured person.
Uzbekistan stated that its legislation included a specific offence of laundering of proceeds of crime, as described in article 6, paragraph 1; included as predicate offences all serious crime, as defined in article 2, and the offences established in accordance with articles 5, 8 and 23; included a provision to establish a list of specific predicate offences; and included in the list a comprehensive range of offences associated with organized criminal groups; and that predicate offences included offences committed outside Uzbekistan's jurisdiction when the relevant conduct was a criminal offence under the domestic law of the State where it was committed and would have been a criminal offence under Uzbek law had it been committed within Uzbekistan.
10. The joint formulation of recommendations on possible confidence-building measures would in itself be conducive to a better understanding of States' intentions and the current and future situation in outer space.
A death sentence imposed on the author in May 1988 was commuted by the Governor-General of Jamaica in 1995.
States often restrict the rights of temporary migrant workers to family reunification and vocational training.
Don't think it's a good spot, sir. She still has the advantage over us.
Staff member with neither a spouse nor dependent
105. The Saint Lucia Non-State Actors Panel was established though a Memorandum of Understanding on May 31st 2006, between the European Commission Delegation in Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean, and the Government of Saint Lucia.
III. Procedures and format for the elaboration of concluding comments
9. Reaffirms that democracy and transparent, responsible, accountable and participatory governance at the national, regional and international level, responsive to the needs and aspirations of the people, are essential to effectively prevent, combat and eradicate racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;
2. As a specialized agency of the United Nations, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) contributes to the building of peace, the alleviation of poverty, sustainable development and intercultural dialogue through education, the sciences, culture and communication and information.
Capacity of accommodation inherited from United Nations Mission in the Sudan troops
Bonheiden
4 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room D
For further information, please contact Ms. Helene Hoedl of the NGO Section (DPI) in New York (tel.: (212) 963-7709); Ms. Elena Ponomareva at the United Nations Office at Geneva (tel.: (41-22) 917 2325); and Ms. Renate Henke at the United Nations Office at Vienna (tel.: (43-1) 26060-3324).
5. The Committee welcomed the convening of an Iraqi Islamic Reconciliation Conference to be hosted by the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan on 22 April 2006 in coordination with the Iraqi Government and the League of Arab States.
In cases where the need arises, biennial budgeting does not prevent Member States from revising the requirements of the second year as a result of a change in focus.
Variance
27. Takes note of the global initiative of the Strategy to secure the safety of schools and hospitals, in particular by investing in actions to undertake national assessments of the safety of existing education and health facilities by 2011 and to develop and implement, as appropriate, concrete action plans for safer schools and hospitals by 2015, and encourages Member States to report on this on a voluntary basis;
You'll get electrocuted. Here, have a try.
"Recalling that internally displaced persons are persons or groups of persons who have been forced or obliged to flee or to leave their homes or places of habitual residence, in particular as a result of or in order to avoid the effects of armed conflict, situations of generalized violence, violations of human rights or natural or human-made disasters, and who have not crossed an internationally recognized State border,
Recently, however, psychologists and sociologists are starting to question the observation
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen , as by little advantages that occur every day.
As at 30 November 2012, the Committee had adopted 21 general comments (see annex III to the present report).
The daughter of a prominent politician in Nanumea, Ms Latasi was able to get into Parliament through her extensive involvement with development issues for her constituency and the advancement of Tuvaluan women as well as the tremendous support from her husband and her family.
Mr. Dimitris Christofias, President of the Republic of Cyprus, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Paragraphs Page
Improving the country's education system will take a lot more than simply extending the school day and year.
In developing countries, where per-capita energy consumption is generally still quite low, it will be necessary to find strategies for economic growth and societal prosperity that do not require the high level of energy consumption associated with the Western lifestyle.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents. New York, 14 December 1973
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman
These restrictions are in place simply to prevent managers from over - using this option on inappropriate players.
Dongfeng Gongsi needs a new company sign, bilingual, international-looking, who is taking charge of that
At a 1999 Conference co-sponsored by CLIVAR and the Global Ocean Observing System (GOOS) (see paras. 506-515) substantial progress was achieved in defining the global observational networks that would serve both operational and research needs.
I know a watchmaker who will buy your watch.
Desirable range
The Canadian International Development Agency funded the development of technical designs and the preparation of detailed cost estimates.
i don't know. maybe.
The provisions of the Regulations under which every woman employee is entitled to 90 days of maternity leave with full pay have not been amended or revised either.
Under this initiative, the United Nations was to lend a truly global dimension to efforts to bridge the global "digital divide", foster digital opportunity and thus firmly put information and communication technologies at the service of development for all.
Major and courage to fight a cunning enemy.
Page
Her Majesty's body and person are no longer her own property.
Six other cases are alleged to have occurred between late 1992 and July 1993 in the context of the escalating civil war when pro-Government forces took over the capital of Dushanbe.
Such adaptive interfaces can be used in a wide range of domains and in a variety of applications.
Who can tell me, how to make my face smaller?
Most of these urban poor have no option but to find housing in squalid and unsafe squatter settlements or slums.
seclude, separate
Project under the Trust Fund to support initiatives of States countering piracy off the coast of Somalia (phase II) (XEAX93)
Unpaid soldiers of the Forces nouvelles survive by extracting money from the general population at checkpoints maintained throughout the north.
And he yelled with joy.
Her regular school fees are $ 50 a term, music and dancing are extras.
Such a tabulation cannot represent adequately the complex gradation relationships between the types.
Accordingly, Brazil had organized a seminar in Brasilia for Brazilian and foreign legal experts in early October 1999.
Conjoint analysis
A new representation method of schema called ternary representation is proposed.
22. By a letter dated 28 August 2012, the Coordinator of the Panel informed the Committee of an incident encountered by two members of the Panel in Nyala, Darfur.
While I sympathize with your point of view I cannot accept it.
149. However, the precise sense in which the term is to be used in the context of the present topic is conveyed in the award rendered by the French-German Mixed Arbitral Tribunal on 30 December 1927 in the Falla-Nataf and brothers v. Germany case:
From Creation to Innovation: EU Innovation Methodology's Transformation and Trend
:: Guarantee that discussions on financing and resourcing the post-2015 development agenda take a gender-responsive approach and include gender audits.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 2 July 2008, at 11 a.m.
Africa is certainly a continent that calls for particular attention on the part of the international community.
John seems in very high feather since his book was so successful.
WASP-4
Her beauty, her wit, her accomplishments, she may sell to you; but her love is the treasure without money and without price.
Gothic Mr. Long does not feel stuffy, in his view here is very good, only ate dinner once proposed.
The Problems and Countermeasures in the Status Quo Survey of Feasibility Report on Employed Forestland in Yunnan Engineering Construction
The NNCC also turned the contents of the exhibition into a Wall Map of the National Exhibition on Drug Control for distribution throughout the country.It also organized half-year itinerant exhibitions throughout China, at which a total of over 166 million people received education directly.
Fifty-seventh session
Eriskirch
The use of such technique could result in air pollution.
36. Owing to limited freshwater supplies, salt water is used extensively for non-domestic purposes, including firefighting and sewerage.
Human Rights Officer (Special Investigation Unit)
His name was not Madeleine at all; he had a frightful name, Bejean, Bojean, Boujean.
Climate change impacts/ assessments
"The exemption of other features from GFA and/or SC calculation may
In June 1990, the LTTE approached him for his support, and when he refused, forced him to dig bunkers.
A. Introduction
Press Release issued on 3 December 2007
Minister in the Interim Government
 7. Confirms that the decision taken in resolution 748 (1992) that all States shall significantly reduce the level of the staff at Libyan diplomatic missions and consular posts includes all missions and posts established since that decision or after the coming into force of this resolution;
There has been an average of approximately 80 per cent participation in recent years.
The usefulness of e-PAS as a work-planning tool, supportive of skill development and career development, is thwarted by tardiness, problems of coverage and punitive intent.
It further encouraged Tunisia to ratify CRC-OP-SC and CRC-OP-AC, which was consequently done (see chart above).
It is a fact that I have written this sentence.
The failure analysis of weld of motorcar vent-pipe was carried out by chemistry component analysis, metallographic microstructure examination and fracture inspection.
Assistant Clerical Officer (Management Review)
I sold the house and the furniture, put a few personal things in an old trunk, and shipped it to my children in New York.
1. Election of the officers of the Main Committees [item 5].
However, the subsequent adjustment to 1996-1997 rates would require an additional $201.7 million.
 Kenya faced a major emergency with the arrival of refugees from Ethiopia (58,000 in 1992), Somalia (189,000 in 1992 and 1,000 in the first quarter of 1993) and the Sudan (21,800 in 1992 and 1,000 in the first quarter of 1993).
Finland
The Commonwealth of the Bahamas:
Chinese banking stocks were hurt yesterday by speculation they will have to make much larger write-downs on their holdings of US subprime mortgage securities than originally thought
He seemed to have some invisible strength in reserve.
Under agenda item 6, the Working Group heard statements from the representatives of the following States: Oman, Philippines, Peru, Israel, Albania, Nigeria, Argentina, Germany, Brazil, Indonesia, Qatar and United Arab Emirates.
Unfortunately, the response had not been received as at 21 November 2008.
What I understand by the word is "the same amount of time" -- speaking in this context, of course, because it can be dangerous to use "equitable" in different contexts.
96. The number of people and, in particular, the number of adopted people and natural parents seeking adoption information has increased in recent years.
In fact, the figures are 38 per cent for men and 31 per cent for women.
The parties also agree that every effort should be made to deliver humanitarian assistance to all Liberians and to create conditions that will allow refugees and displaced persons to return to their places of origin.
In the 2000-2001 intake, women had accounted for 54 per cent of the local university population.
119. Out of the 9 developed country Parties that reported, 6 provided answers to these questions.
Some commentators have called on us to address the question of child poverty in this report.
East Timor's foreign minister, Zacarias de Costa, said the situation in Dili is calm, but he stressed that his country is in an extremely fragile position.
When I got that call, I told my wife, and we both had a big laugh.
 The project will lead to the formulation of recommendations and policy suggestions.
We decided to do away with our old cooker and buy a new one.
The Government no longer used identifying codes on Indonesian Chinese identity cards and all government officials had been instructed, by presidential decree No. 126/1998, to abolish the use of terms identifying indigenous and non-indigenous Indonesians in all government activities, policies and documents.
34. Minority leaders focused their intervention on the situation arising from the adoption of a resolution on the prolongation of the mandate of the Parliament.
Lake Bolon
Private individuals who own movable objects of cultural heritage must register historical and cultural property and provide timely information about their movement.
This dictionary goes on the top shelf.
(e) Language and communications
Less: write-offs -- accidents, malfunctions, losses and other
The multi-donor trust fund of the Initiative provides resources to countries to implement the Initiative's standards of transparency, while the trust fund of the Facility helps build capacity for governments to negotiate on their own behalf.
5. Mr. Herman (Secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination) introduced the Secretary-General's report on information and communication technologies for development (A/61/254), as well as the note by the Secretary-General on the JIU report (A/61/94/Add.1).
I'm flying aplane, okay?
Antigua and Barbuda would welcome that opportunity and would certainly approach the High Commissioner in that regard.
Let's start with the concept of my tank.
The appeal court did not examine the case properly but simply confirmed the first instance verdict, in violation of article 463 of the Criminal Code.
For those reasons, the Heads of State in Monterrey agreed to find solutions to the problem of poverty from which many countries suffer.
30. Also urges States parties to the Agreement, in accordance with article 21, paragraph 4, thereof to designate an appropriate authority to receive notifications pursuant to article 21 and to give due publicity to such designation through the relevant subregional or regional fisheries management organization or arrangement;
A. Extract from the report of the third session of the Open-ended Working Group (chapter VIII, paragraphs 57 to 64).30
- Non-governmental entities and persons providing support to international terrorists.
The workshop was attended by senior government officials, including the Office of the President, the Office of the Prime Minister and the Ministry of Internal Security.
Mr Abe’s stated aim was to put damaged relations on a “future-oriented path”.
Our world does not end at the threshold of our houses and the boundaries of our States.
Politics of Queensland
1776. The Alternative Child Care Program offers financial assistance to lowincome parents or guardians who are in school or working and do not have access to licensed day care.
Method of voting
Such a system should cover all children up to the age of 18 years, with specific emphasis on those who are particularly vulnerable, including children living in the interior of the country, especially those belonging to Amerindian and Maroon communities; children with disabilities; children living in poverty; children in conflict with the law; children of singleparent families; sexually abused children; and children living and/or working on the streets.
Uranium-235 is the fuel for nuclear power stations. It contains 92 protons and 143 neutrons. Because of the unstable nuclei, uranium has a tendency to break up and release a large amount of energy. Please click
For the purpose of enforcement of fines and forfeiture measures and of reparation measures ordered by the Court, the Presidency may, at any time or at least 30 days before the scheduled completion of the sentence served by the sentenced person, request the State of enforcement to transmit to it the relevant information concerning that State's intention to authorize the person to remain in its territory or the location where it intends to transfer the person.
December 2015 (estimate): 26
In 2003, CRC was very concerned about the narrow content of education provided within madrasas and appreciated initiatives to streamline such education to make it more compatible with regular public education.
Letter from the Central Asia, Caucasus and Moldova countries on their status under the Convention
Railway Officer Grade
In its busy days, Thurber was a coal town.
Thus, no legal or administrative proceedings, such as a request for judicial review, shall be undertaken in the requested State with respect to these matters.
He suddenly became bashful the minute the girl he liked showed up.
(a) Specific actions related to the particular needs and problems of land-locked developing countries
Corrigendum
CCW/GGE/VII/WG.2/WP.6
4. Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Over the past years, various bilateral and multilateral plans have been designed, calling for actions to reduce nuclear dangers.
1.1 Security, Police and DDR
[1 October 1996]
the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), the Interior Department agency that evaluates endangered species, was due that day to deliver its ruling on the polar bear.
Which university should I apply to?
Simple Steps to Healing: I'm Sorry, I Love You by Dr. Joe Vitale
Making Women Central in Peace Building
The view was also expressed that programme managers need to implement more fully the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring and Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation, which require self-evaluation and identification of activities that are inefficient, ineffective or irrelevant.
The Committee thus is not precluded under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol from considering the communication.
There are also a few other things to check when this error displays.
Reaffirming also the sovereignty of the Democratic Republic of the Congo over its natural resources,
Fractional distillation of petroleum is carried on in a still.
His delegation commended the multi-stakeholder dialogue on the mobilization of resources launched by the Financing for Development Office of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the adoption of a multi-stakeholder approach to the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit.
British unit of nonprofessional soldiers organized for defense of GB.
2.16 In response to the request, the Office of the Attorney-General commissioned officials from the Public Prosecution Service and Trelew city police to analyse the proceedings related to the complaint of castration submitted by the author's father in 2003.
Report of the Second Committee (A/57/532/Add.3)
Why we're inclined to treat stocks as if they were lottery tickets instead of ownership in an actual company?
c Agreement.
It noted that certain of its provisions refer to "suitable job opportunities to women", to training for "occupations and skills that are suitable to their psychological and physical make-up", and study fields that are "suitable to women's nature and their social conditions".
Preparation of user manual and user trainings. Provide first-level customer supports.
Naw an extensive list of linkage maps have been dvafted.
Government organs, public organizations, enterprises and institutions and the people's governments of townships, nationality townships, and towns shall carry out military service work according to the provisions of this Law.
Strengthening national capacities of conflict-affected countries to manage water scarcity and droughts
England national rugby sevens team
November/December
For larger wounds, or in case bleeding does not stop quickly, use direct pressure.
if they're still attending schools with crumbling ceilings and ripped-up text books,
This initiative aims to promote best practices at the local level and to replicate promising approaches.
Others argue that refusal by a foreign State to honour an arbitral award constitutes a separate act by the State, so that sovereign immunity can be raised again, or possibly for the first time, as a defence to the enforcement proceedings.
Rashtriya Mahila Kosh (RMK) provides credit for livelihood and related activities to poor women.
One flaw in the protocol in its current form is that it offers no facilitating or enforcement mechanism.
13. Confirmed cases of Plasmodium falciparum malaria without complications should be treated with an artemisinin-based combination therapy, and cases of Plasmodium vivax should be treated with chloroquine in areas where it is effective, or with an appropriate artemisinin-based combination therapy in areas where the resistance of Plasmodium vivax to chloroquine has been documented.
13. Urge the multilateral agencies to set up a fund to finance policies designed to benefit men and women of African descent.
No, because nothing is actually crossing the surface of the moon — the dot isn't an actual object, it is just a series of photons in the laser beam hitting the surface.
ESC Employment Service Centre
States must assume their responsibilities and work to eliminate discrimination in education, health care and housing and ensure that the laws protecting migrants were respected.
Today, the General Assembly is giving special consideration to this as well.
Pre-session documentation
24. The market value of the Fund's assets increased from $26,589 million on 31 March 2004 to $33,118 million on 31 March 2006, an increase of $6,529 million, or 24.6 per cent.
Your partner tells you what will happen. Take turns.
57. According to information provided to OHCHR, arbitrary arrests on political grounds continue in both the West Bank and Gaza.
The response was received on 4 May 2011.
I wanted to show in my images that the Asian male body can also be empowered, strong and self-assured.
The pipe should be dimensioned with adequate capacity for future expansion.
The challenges that the General Assembly and the entire United Nations system face in attaining sustainable development can be immeasurably enhanced by integrating the work of IUCN more closely with that of the United Nations.
Piece of work, right?
Taekwondo at the 2014 Asian Games
But how to get the knowledge that people need eagerly in the huge network world becomes the focus and hotpot of study.
They were not niggardly these tramps and he who had money did not hesitate to share it among the rest.
It then attacked the freedom flotilla carrying humanitarian assistance to Gaza, killing nine political activists.
The Programme Laboratory, in addition to its regular programme of work and within existing mandates, has refocused its activities by including the following specific elements in its programming for the biennium 2000–2001 and its forthcoming global project on scientific and technical support in the laboratory sector:
Vanilloids
It appears in various forms in the drafts of all the special rapporteurs on the law of treaties.
To his surprise, the bee began to perform a dance on the surface of the honeycomb.
States Parties shall conduct consultations with one another directly or through the Secretary-General of the United Nations, with the assistance of international organizations as necessary, to ensure effective implementation of this Convention.
(e) Guaranteeing full, effective and equal political participation and selfdetermination;
Santa Maria in Ara Coeli
The forelegs boned, straight and parallel when viewed from the front.
Do you think I 9. should continue to love him and give up
It would not look out of place on a lab bench, but is actually apiece of kitchen equipment designed for a technique called sous-vide (French for "under vacuum").
"I have the money," he solemnly told the owner
Ms. Orlowski (Director, Policymaking Organs Secretariat), introducing the agenda item, said that the report of the Director-General in document IDB.36/23 contained background information on administrative matters, such as the date and place of the session and budgetary information, as well as substantive information on the agenda proposed for the session and the related documentation.
For many developing countries, inadequate access to clean, affordable and reliable energy constituted a major impediment to their achievement of internationally agreed development goals, including the MDGs.
Yes, ma'am. May I have your name and room number?
All these years and you haven't flossed.
20. The Advisory Group looked forward to assessing progress towards the achievement of the recommendations at its next meeting in October 2007.
Approval of the report on credentials
5. The Chairperson may also propose adjournment or closure of the debate or adjournment or suspension of a meeting.
41. UNRWA does not have a system of assessed contributions, as its budget is funded almost entirely by voluntary contributions in cash and in kind from Governments, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental bodies.
Write-off of overpayments to staff
Go all out with a lace dress and vampy lipstick for a Saturday night out.
Completed
Fail to pay and they'll cut off the electricity.
The snow had ceased, and a flash of watery sunlight exposed the house on the slope above us in all its plaintive ugliness.
The decision is supposed to be made by an Administrative Committee made up of officials from the bureaux of civil affairs, public security, and labour.
My delegation is hopeful that, with the necessary commitment and determination of all concerned, a final solution to the question of Palestine will be possible in the near future.
The provisional agenda for the eighteenth session of the SBSTA as set out in paragraph 2 above will be presented for adoption.
Once we have heard the speakers inscribed for today, I intend to bring up the requests from Côte d'Ivoire and Luxembourg for participation in the work of the Conference as observers in 1999, as well as the proposal by South Africa as contained in document CD/1483.
Expressing deep concern that thousands of Palestinians, including children and women, continue to be held in Israeli prisons or detention centres under harsh conditions that impair their well-being, and expressing concern about the ill treatment and harassment of any of the Palestinian prisoners and all reports of torture,
A followup meeting will be held in the near future.
27 August 1981
In Rwanda where there are no export duties cassiterite is processed or shipped directly abroad for processing.
3. The President, after consultation with the judges of the Appeals Tribunal, may instruct the Registrar to revise any forms from time to time in the light of experience, provided that such modifications are consistent with the rules of procedure.
Wisdom is the badge of maturity.
B Well, I suppose its good practice.
Facilitated and supported regional political agreements within the Great Lakes regions
fifth session, held in Panama City from 25 to 29 November 2013
:: UNCTAD: Providing training material on rules of the Clean Development Mechanism.
Assist in facilitating the monitoring and evaluation of the platform's work.
4 years
Love is full of trouble.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.9
However, the declarations made by four of the five nuclear-weapon States at SSOD-I, and later at the NPT Review and Extension Conference and reflected in Security Council resolution 984 (1995), were also considered insufficient, qualified and partial by most non-nuclear-weapon States.
Article 18. Acts violating the administration of public security shall not be penalized if they have not been discovered by the public security organs within six months.
The authors selected include Octavio Paz, Silvia Molina, Jorge Ibargüengoitia, Juan Villoro and Jaime Sabines, to name but a few.
Normal cells divide under a very specific program called the cell cycle that is controlled by many genes.
III. CONSIDERATION OF REPORTS SUBMITTED BY STATES PARTIES UNDER ARTICLE 19 OF THE CONVENTION
:: Harmonize methodologies for ICT measurement based on international standards developed by the Partnership to ensure international comparability of data.
All passions except those of the heart are dissipated by revery
Golden sandy beaches, waves of passion, coupled with people who are surfing, constitute a perfect picture.
Results: mTR - ASODN conjugated with LF 2000 could significantly inhibit telomerase activity of spermatogonia ( P < 0.01 )
Tungo, Muaz Ahmed Mohamed (Sudan)
Rescue workers are therefore drilling a hole on the north side of the mine.
SETTING: Chongqing Institute of Technology and Wuhan University of Technology.
(l) Paragraph 121.
It has been an important content of Chin's financial reforming now. It is no doubt the reforming will have significant effect on the development and improvement of China's stock market.
The strategy focuses on six axes of intervention: improving the functioning of the legal system; improving access to justice; improving the penitentiary system; creating a secure legal environment for commercial activity and economic growth; improving justice for juveniles and women; and building the capacity of justice system professionals, which includes capacity-building of the police academy.
As recently at Sept. 12, it was at $1.388 to the euro.
(c) Improved capacity for urban governance, including decentralization and subsidiarity, inclusiveness, stakeholder participation, partnership, transparency and accountability, citizenship, efficiency and effective local leadership
A hash table that contains an internal object to which object pooling properties are applied, referenced by an internal key.
:: Volumes and values of the harvest, production and export of all timber products (processed and unprocessed) by species -- to establish what was harvested and how much tax should be assessed
Kings of Jerusalem
But you can modify the bean just a bit with a more common and well-known assertion.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee again had before it the following documents:
Do you ever wish you had a magical formula that allowed you to create the next Quake or Everquest?
Accordingly, the scope of responsibilities of the Ombud for Equal Treatment was also extended.
Sunlight, smoking, and other contaminants can cause your skin to age prematurely.
38. During the reporting period, UNIPSIL continued to make efforts to support the creation of a national infrastructure for peace and to address conflict.
69. The situation in Guinea following recent attacks along its border with Liberia and Sierra Leone;
New Zealand child actors
Functional oversight over 14 chief medical officers and provision of medical technical oversight to the entire mission medical support system to maintain consistency and an acceptable level of delivery of health services
Apollo 16
Management has accepted all of the recommendations of OIOS and is in various stages of implementing them. Paragraphs
The living space per urban resident increased from 8.1 sq m in 1995 to 9.8 sq m in 1999; and the living space per rural resident grew from 21 sq m to 24.2 sq m. In 2000, 510 million sq m of floor space of urban residential buildings were completed; and the construction of rural residential buildings totaling a floor space of 850 million sq m was completed.
Agenda item 132
Report of the Secretary-General: investing in people (also under items 46, 110, 115, 120, 121, 130, 145 and 148)
In this regard, the Committee notes with concern that vocational training is inadequate to meet the demands of a changing economy, and the large gap between the skills supply and labour demand.
- the administrative procedures of the institution distinguish clearly between the functions of an appointing authority as envisaged under the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules (see below, section III) and other full or partial administrative assistance and the institution should declare whether it is offering both or only one of these types of services;
Course Code : 00061
Hungary
With the global economy deteriorating, it is difficult to see the conditions that would precipitate a pick up in global demand for energy.
Following the meetings, the Head of the Defence Office issued decisions appointing counsel to the detainees.
230. The Committee welcomes the information provided by the State party, according to which the Court of Cassation had ruled that any judicial act concerning a defendant would be declared null and void if it had not been translated into the defendant's mother tongue.
Therefore it is proposed to deploy civilian staff in pairs: one Air Operations Officer at the Field Service level and one national Air Operations Assistant at the General Service level at Mopti and Tessalit operational airfields, one national Air Operations Assistant at the General Service level will be deployed at Kidal operational airfield to augment the existing authorized staffing establishment.
Without considerable effort to reverse existing trends, the ability of these aquatic ecosystems to continue to provide healthy quantities of fish will further decline.
Nearly every guesthouse and restaurant displays casings and fragments as decoration, luring in visitors on the war-tourism circuit.
Monitoring, assessment and response capabilities must be enhanced.
General Assembly resolution 48/141, entitled “High Commissioner for the promotion and protection of human rights”;
In the area of reproductive health, the Government had initiated projects targeting rural women, a notable example being the "Gender and development in rural areas" project, which included training, awareness-raising and the promotion of income-generating activities.
13. At any stage of this process, the United Nations can seek commitments from the troop-contributing country that it will take action against a member of its national contingent who contravenes the standards set out in the 2003 bulletin.
 PDD members expressed their shared view that democracy and economic development are the two elements that must proceed in tandem to consolidate the Central American peace process, and that well-balanced assistance, with balanced emphasis on both areas, should be ensured.
16. The Chairman announced that Albania, Angola, Armenia, Bolivia, Botswana, Bulgaria, Dominica, Eritrea, Guyana, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Malawi, Micronesia (Federated States of), Monaco, Mongolia, Namibia, the Republic of Moldova, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Ukraine and Zambia had also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The cake is iced in a neutral colour, and friends and family are invited over to try to guess the sex of the baby.
(c) The United Nations Social Protection Floor Initiative is relevant and could be very useful, if it retains its emphasis on country support;
The independent safety evaluation should consider the entire space NPS application - including the space NPS, spacecraft, launch system, mission design and flight rules - in assessing the risk to people and the environment from relevant launch, operation and end-of-service phases of the space mission.
That concern has led some countries, and the European Union collectively, to put programmes for grain fortification on hold.
" Learn to cherish per dollar " - the cost - expense management in " Volvo "
In keeping with the decisions to revitalize and improve the efficiency of the General Assembly, he took it that the Committee wished to dispense with the nomination procedure and proceed to elect the Vice-Chairmen.
(i) $8,000 compensation for pecuniary loss; (ii) $2,500 for moral damage
(a) To maintain consumption of the controlled substances in Annex A, group II (halons), at no more than the 2004 level of 2.40 ODP-tonnes in 2005, and then to reduce halon consumption as follows:
Join them and be the first to be notified once the next issue
(a) Eleven soldiers reportedly continue to be detained incommunicado in Kirikiri prison in connection with an April 1990 alleged coup attempt despite a 23 July 1997 order of the Federal High Court in Lagos to release seven of them;
Change Management Unit
Sixty-second Session
Items for discussion and decision: education statistics
(g) Technical assistance
I have the honour to refer to the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) and to paragraph 3 of Security Council resolution 1962 (2010) of 20 December 2010, which extended the mandate of UNOCI until 30 June 2011.
Had Marius been a little more learned in this line, he would have recognized in what he took for the engines of an edge-tool maker, certain instruments which will force a lock or pick a lock, and others which will cut or slice, the two families of tools which burglars call cadets and fauchants
Material damages
North Dakot We Really Are One Of The 50 States!!
The Committee recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures to ensure the full implementation of the present recommendations by, inter alia, transmitting them to the Parliament, relevant ministries, including the Ministry of Defence, the Supreme Court and to local and tribal authorities, for appropriate consideration and further action.
Whatever the tone and tenor of the ongoing debate, climate change is an aspect of our modern experience.
It was also mentioned that a distinction should be made between the situation of people of African descent in developing and developed countries as they may face different constraints upon the full enjoyment of their rights.
It requested the secretariat to continue these activities, subject to the availability of resources.
Big cuts in education are very undesirable.
For instance, Ambassador Yutaka Iimura, Special Envoy of the Government of Japan for the Middle East, visited Israel and the Palestinian territories in August 2009 and January 2010 to work with high-level officials of the relevant parties and encourage them to play a responsible role in enhancing the Middle East peace process based on the two-state solution.
Miss Ho focused on the study of how the flow of light would change the structures of the materials.
Call and book for an appointment!
1b
The second part discusses the evolution of development thinking since the 1940s, as well as the current development agenda and recent development experience, and then tries to outline the contours of a pragmatic development approach.
It is not only the best as a matter of principle, but of peace and honor.
He doesn' t worry much about me
1. The life, liberty and dignity of the individual
IS2.4. The Committee understands that forthcoming arrangements with regard to the operation of UNIDO and IAEA will also have an impact on estimates in this section of the proposed programme budget.
On 12 May, the Government sacked the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Public Works, Hussein Aidid, and the Defence Minister, Barre Aden Shire "Hirale".
In the following subsections, we show examples of each approach.
  Chapter IV Administration of Foreign Exchange Receipt and Payment, Sale and Purchase  Article 23 Foreign exchange revenues of an inside-area enterprise from current account transactions shall be deposited in its foreign exchange account for current account transactions.
162. We recognize the importance of the conservation and sustainable use of marine biodiversity beyond areas of national jurisdiction.
Ratification: Liberia (15 September 2009)1
"Noting with concern the widening use by such groups and organizations of the opportunities provided by scientific and technological progress, including the Internet global computer network, to promote racist and xenophobic propaganda aimed at inciting racial hatred and to collect funds to sustain violent campaigns against multi-ethnic societies throughout the world,
The communications media, both the specialized and mass media, should be used, taking care that the information presented does not violate the rights of indigenous peoples in isolation.
Bearing in mind the content of article 14 of the 1988 Convention, regarding measures to eradicate illicit cultivation of narcotic plants and cooperation to increase the effectiveness of those efforts,
It is proposed to centralize warehousing activities from the former Engineering, Transport and Supply Sections to the Central Warehouse and Distribution Section.
A good practitioner, even living in a busy city, can still stick to his own principles.
 These steps include the start of significant technical assistance and training efforts, the elaboration of several investment proposals to improve physical infrastructure, and the convening of regional meetings on transit transport problems - results which are described in this progress report.
Plenty of smart and savvy investors use services like these to augment their research into various stocks.
UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION
We call on the Secretary-General of the United Nations and on the depositary States to immediately undertake all the necessary preparations in consultation with the States of the region."
The project supported political parties, religious and traditional leaders, academia, civil society, women, young people and the media in engaging in the election process and helped to set up district-level mechanisms for early warning and the management of political violence.
51. During the review of certain aspects of the draft preconstruction phase service agreement (part A), the Office observed that the United Nations general terms and conditions of contract were not consistently incorporated in the agreements.
With volunteers help, schools are adapting the curriculum to reflect local values and needs and engaging CSOs, including parent-teachers associations, to reinforce these values at the community level.
It was also deeply concerned at the growing proportion of child deaths as a result of HIV-related illnesses, and the prevalence rate among women.
In the autumn, three international United Nations staff members in Kabul were abducted for nearly a month.
11 September 1999
Most people -- 66.8 percent -- will buy flowers for their mothers, while 54.8 percent will treat Mom to a special outing like dinner or brunch, the survey said.
Being of first harvest, it expands very well after soaking in water.
"And when he had climbed the fifth, he came to the door of a room and peeped through the keyhole. There he saw the godfather who had a pair of long horns.
Younger men are increasingly viewing cosmetic procedures as an acceptable way to become more attractive.
I always wanted to travel, but who can get away?
83. OECD.
Brettes
Here, in the popular rising against a tyrannical government, the fruits were more than the securing of a freer constitution.
Table 17A.8 Resource requirements
The unemployed hunger for jobs.
COMPONENT A
High-level segment: annual ministerial review
The coalition’s press release stated that the coalition of all Rwandan opposition parties was in fact the idea of RDU-UDR (see annex 21).
Tunisia
A National Coordinator was designated and assigned the responsibilities of coordinating and leading the NAP Secretariat and the Technical Committee.
Institutional constraints normally linked to weak capital markets and inadequate regulations should be addressed in order to strengthen the confidence of investors, domestic and foreign, and decrease the volatility of financial flows.
Advice to the Government on planning the redeployment of the prison system to the northern part of Côte d'Ivoire, including staffing, security and prison administration, and mentor staff assigned to the prisons in the north
Benares State
For example, send a sales performance report to the top ten sales managers in an organization.
Even if that were true, the reality of the matter was that it was not the United Kingdom, but Spain, which was obstructing the decolonization of Gibraltar.
Madison is not sad because the follow a series two games, one of the low times.
Department of Field Support
So the result of failure will be very serious in removing the credible engine for growth that additional trade would provide.
The Commission’s discussions should focus on the degrees of responsibility and the consequences of failure to fulfil that responsibility in order to establish an objective criterion based not on the damage or blame (dolus or culpa), but rather on the magnitude of the wrongful act and its effects.
5. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its seventieth session, under the item entitled "Macroeconomic policy questions", the sub-item entitled "External debt sustainability and development".
Latvian Association for Gender Equality also considers as negative aspect usage of terms "women's literature", "women's world" in mass media, as well as recognition of existence of different social roles.
If the system attendant mailbox is inaccessible, a server running Exchange continues to run and perform basic mail processing.
Approval of country programme documents
The sharing of information pertaining to passengers with other States is allowed.
I. Introduction
15. Requests, in this regard, the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures, within existing resources, including through reprioritization, to provide the Office with adequate resources so as to allow it to effectively carry out its added mandate as stipulated in the Almaty Programme of Action;
Further, the evolution of provincial reconstruction teams requires protection against assistance gaps and clarity on the handover of functions to the Government of Afghanistan and its institutions.
I imagine that the same legal rules apply to other foreign military forces that are in a great variety of areas of the world.
To meet a man who slew a dragon single - handed would give anyone a pause for thought.
As we do not know him well at all we cannot speak for him.
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financial performance of the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor (UNMISET) for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 (A/57/666).
C. Territorial application of a unilateral act
"II. The State shall promote technical, artistic and language training through technical institutes.
Opening the meeting, he noted the enormous interest generated by the Global Consultations, as witnessed by the broad geographical representation and the presence of a large number of NGOs.
Investment Management Division
Portugal raised concerns about the fact that marital rape is not recognized as a criminal offence.
As everyone else was going to the pub, I decided to go along with them.
Modern United States commemorative coins
Suu Minazuki
Hymn is that kind of songs which Zhang Shihan likes.
PISCES (Feb. 20-Mar. 20) Things will be hectic and family members will be erratic.
And he is the visionary of the personal computers world that led the entire computer hardware and software industry to restructure itself.
The Government of the Principality of Liechtenstein is furthermore of the view that legislation whose implementation entails measures or regulations having extraterritorial effects is inconsistent with generally recognized principles of international law.
5 August 2003
We'll loganother section of the area today.
Commending the operationalization of the Multi-Donor Voluntary Trust Fund on Tsunami Early Warning Arrangements in the Indian Ocean and Southeast Asia, and inviting Governments, donor countries, relevant international organizations, international and regional financial institutions, the private sector and civil society to consider contributing to the Trust Fund through financial contributions and technical cooperation to support the establishment of the tsunami early warning system in accordance with the needs of the countries of the Indian Ocean and Southeast Asia so that the Trust Fund contributes to the development of an integrated early warning system based on adequate resources and comprising a network of collaborative centres connected to the global system,
Expert Term Start
(b) Supply reduction and related measures
15. The infant mortality rate has been reduced significantly in Mongolia over the past decade.
At the station, he was allegedly assaulted by five of his assailants in front of investigators who are said not to have reacted.
Inspiration (Yi-hing Ong)
Ultraman, a silver - suited masked hero, comes from outer planet to save the Earth from gigantic monsters.
7. Matters relating to remote sensing of the Earth by satellites, including, inter alia, applications for developing countries.
9. Although tensions have largely subsided, there are still reports of isolated cases of residual, election-related violence.
Associate Political Affairs Officer
These services are provided in close collaboration with local municipalities of host authorities.
These were people we know already had some vulnerability to arrhythmia, Lampert said in a telephone interview.
(j) At the lack of a sufficient number of probation officers in all cities and regions of the country.
The multilateral trading system was needed by the developing countries as a shelter but, in view of the system's purported "deeper integration" into other areas, it affected crucial development-policy choices as well.
Thereafter, nurses simply wrote prescriptions for medication, and prisoners were forced to buy medicines for themselves, if they could afford to do so.
A further appreciation of the exchange rate would help to resolve these problems and guard against resurgence in inflation.
II. Establishment of the Department of Safety and Security
This is discussed in paragraph 274 above, in relation to article 19.
The little girl has begun to learn to and subtract.
“The Chinese people are ferocious savers,” said Robert Agnew of Matrix Services in a recent report on China's investment management industry.
Conduct of 3 workshops, each with 60 participants from the National Assembly and human rights organizations, NGOs and civil society organizations, to increase understanding of the ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention against Torture and its legislative implications
What are we supposed to be seeing hereTilt your head to the left.
CORDES
Approval of the appointment of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights At its 110th plenary meeting, on 24 May 2012, the General Assembly, on the proposal of the Secretary-General, extended the term of office of Ms. Navanethem Pillay (South Africa) as United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights for a period of two years, beginning on 1 September 2012 and expiring on 31 August 2014.
Europe
The rain had saturated our clothes by the time we got home.
Table 12 below provides a summary of the staff movements.
In the course of the preliminary investigation, Mr. Formonov was represented by lawyers, Mr. Kholikberdiev and Mr. Namazov.
Wang Bob: You have my full backing Dave.
Domino effect
Executive heads of all United Nations organizations should constantly remind their officials and staff members of their duty to respect the laws, regulations, traditions and habits of the host countries.
A 2008 United Nations Statistics Division coordinated analysis indicated that the proportion of seats held by women in the national parliament decreased from 6.5 per cent in 2005 to 5.2 per cent in 2008.
The official language is Italian, but German and French are also spoken in some regions.
We rely on the project audit reports of the independent external auditors of these UNHCR implementing partners to obtain assurance on the corresponding expenditure.
Following an introduction of the recommendations by the observer, the Committee engaged in a brief discussion of their merits.
It is sad that some people are deaf.
18. The Committee, in its previous concluding observations, recommended the State party to implement further targeted policies and programmes to overcome educational disadvantages faced by girls and women belonging to diverse ethnic groups and those whose mother tongue is not Turkish, particularly in rural areas, as well as to address regional disparities (CEDAW/C/TUR/CC/4-5, para. 34).
22. If, while working towards building up the conditions for LDCs to reach the MDGs, due attention is not also paid to preventing the likely potential relapses that may stem, for instance, from extremely high vulnerability to external shocks because of very high commodity dependence, an important opportunity might be lost.
Castilian monarchs
This monkey's sick. It can't be our host.
10. The Commission requested the Executive Secretary, in collaboration with United Nations bodies and specialized agencies, international financial institutions, development banks and donor countries, to continue supporting knowledge- and information-sharing and capacity development for member States to pursue sustainable agricultural development; to continue to assist members and associate members in undertaking North-South cooperation, South-South cooperation and triangular cooperation to facilitate and expedite technology transfer on mutually agreed terms and the uptake of socially, economically and environmentally sustainable technologies; and to continue to support and facilitate regional cooperation in the innovation, development and application of sustainable agricultural technologies, including technologies for agricultural mechanization, and the conservation and sustainable use of natural resources in order to achieve intensification of sustainable food and agricultural production and to reduce rural poverty.
Recognizing that funding should be made available to Parties not included in Annex I, which is new and additional to contributions under the Convention,
Currently, the Group's secretariat is gathering and compiling relevant information on the issues identified by the Group at that meeting regarding how best to enhance coherence within the United Nations system, with a particular focus on cooperative arrangements among multilateral environmental agreements.
The Debt Dilemma
Paraguay
Towards the sustainable development of the Caribbean Sea for present and future generations
The complainant was never granted such status.
Such measures, which amount to collective punishment against the population of the Gaza Strip, contravene international humanitarian law.
Well, let me try to arrange the hair so that it does not offend you.
II. Democracy and situation of human rights
98. The legislation currently in force in Russia contains no discriminatory provisions with respect to remuneration for work of equal value.
He looked across at Jackson, doodling on his notebook.
Educational and cultural initiatives to combat prejudices
Those firms would likely then buy assets such as mortgage-backed securities, leveraged loans, private-equity positions and investments in real estate or hedge funds
Now, in the cool of the evening, I knock at the door of the inn.
Fourthly, the international nuclear nonproliferation legal regime should be strengthened and enhanced.
Will they uncover secrets as a private investigator by dusting for prints or roughing up a suspect for information?
1. Mr. Sial (Pakistan), referring to the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR), the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia (UNCRO), the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force (UNPREDEP) and the United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF) headquarters (A/52/815), expressed the hope that the final performance report to be submitted in early 1999 would contain detailed information, particularly on the issues raised in the related report of the Advisory Committee (A/52/868).
4. The Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries had established the Conference of Heads of State and Government, the Council of Ministers, the Standing Committee for Consultation and the Executive Secretariat to carry out its tasks.
Activities related to real estate
The first vertical arrow marks the point  where  MACD -  Histogram  starts trending higher.
2. Since 1987, the General Assembly has been carefully following the situation in Central America and has commended the efforts of the peoples and Governments of the region to establish and consolidate peace.
The classes except for the discovered abstraction class do not have attributes and operations.
The Ministry of Education, in its National School Code of Conduct, May 2009, specifically forbade the use of corporal punishment.
7. It was agreed at the 2004 Working Group that, in future, the United Nations Secretariat should take action to make it clear to all countries submitting data to the 2007 Working Group, that there were three distinct positions that could be adopted, namely:
Do not take It'seriously; he did it out of impulse.
The United States had ghost towns and local bank busts once it began investing in railways, mining, and industrialization in the mid-nineteenth century.
Expressing concern at the lack of State authority outside the capital, which has led to a serious security vacuum in many parts of the Central African Republic and has allowed the emergence and development of national and foreign armed groups, including the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) to operate in the CAR,
9:8 O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against thee
17. Recalls paragraphs 24, 25, 35 and 44 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,3 and requests the Secretary-General to submit, in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011, information that outlines clearly the interaction between the Secretariat in New York and other duty stations for construction and long-term renovation projects, and that specifies all aspects of the division of responsibility and accountability;
In the next chapter, it's time to start talking about some of the more advanced stuff. I'll start with an overview of labels and history.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.48
We don't have a blood test or know how it's transmitted.
His delegation was deeply concerned that, despite the goals set at the World Summit for Social Development, approximately 30 per cent of the world’s workforce was either unemployed or underemployed.
Welcoming the voluntary self-regulation initiatives for the diamond industry announced by the World Diamond Council, and recognizing that a system of such voluntary self-regulation will contribute, as described in the Interlaken Declaration of 5 November 2002 on the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme for Rough Diamonds, to ensuring the effectiveness of national systems of internal control for rough diamonds,
So many Jews are in the showbiz - ah;
Wednesday, 20 June 2012: from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 6 p.m.
But in several other countries the voters have, in recent memory, elected such warmakers as Mr Blair, as well as macho types like Silvio Berlusconi and Nicolas Sarkozy.
Now, however, I'm job hunting and trying to write a resume, and I'm confused about a few things.
These natural disasters prompt two main conclusions with regard to the future.
18 May 2000
1.11 Regarding the average number of consultations/patients encountered per working day, 42.8% of the active doctors enumerated reported a range of 20 to 50 consultations/patients, 29.6% reported as fewer than 20 consultations/patients and 14.7% reported as more than 50 consultations/ patients per working day.
 Government cost-sharing constituted an important commitment to the implementation of the programme.
30 briefings to Member States on police issues in peacekeeping operations and specific police requirements for the rapid deployment of highly qualified police personnel
The first review cycle should be as thorough as possible in order to identify and help respond to the challenges arising during implementation.
The last time the Fed pushed interest rates lower than they are now, after the 2001 recession, the move helped set off the housing frenzy that ultimately led to the current crisis.
The count was the sharper of the two. He took fifty francs but left one piece behind and, in order to gain possession of it, had to pick it off the young woman's very skin, a moist, supple skin, the touch of which sent a thrill through him
12. I regret to have to report that little progress in the quartering of UNITA troops was achieved between the last week of February and the end of March 1996, although the process resumed on 25 March.
' she said.
best of his final romances. The humanly impossible events can be seen occurring everywhere in
I've got a test tomorrow that I haven't prepared for yet.
F. Gender
Please provide any available details of how these have been used in practice?
308. On 23 January, following a meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Jerusalem Mayor Ehud Olmert expressed his optimism regarding the position that the construction of the Har Homa settlement would begin soon.
Staff on regular posts of longer or shorter duration created through the authority of UNHCR's Budget Committee, including other staff working for UNHCR under Temporary Assistance (TA) arrangements;
They are interrelated and could most efficiently be implemented together.
A dime piece of money whose value is one tenth of a dollar.
Difference from the INC8 approved budget is generally accounted for by a decrease in the Swiss franc/US$ rate.
Tess wished to abridge her visit as much as possible; but the young man was pressing, and she consented to accompany him.
 UNIDO, in cooperation with a regional non-governmental organization, plans to establish at the non-governmental organizations Forum at the Conference an exhibition booth on women and technology.
It may be noted, however, that the floor/ceiling mechanism for judges' remuneration and the post adjustment mechanism for Professional staff will alleviate and largely absorb the effects of exchange rate movements between the United States dollar and the euro.
It will be a great chance, in this specific situation, to help save the world from hunger and from poverty.
219. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in the Gambia of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of the Gambia, including government officials, politicians, parliamentarians and women's and human rights organizations, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de jure and de facto equality for women and the future steps required in that regard.
Since then, of course, there have been a number of developments, including, in particular, the further deployment of KFOR, talks with the Russian Federation on their participation and the initiation of discussions with Kosovar Albanian representatives on the demilitarization of Kosovar armed groups.
12. Resolution 1455 (2003) calls on Member States to provide "a comprehensive summary of frozen assets of listed individuals and entities".
"Thank you, I have just returned from sea.
"The Apollo spacecraft, supplied with their own low-powered rockets, could Brake on approach to the Moon and go into lunar orbit."
The United States is lending its full support to the Facilitator of the conference on a Middle East WMD-free zone, the distinguished Finnish Under-Secretary, Ambassador Jaakko Laajava.
We have taken note of the relevant ideas in the concept paper prepared by the UK, including enhancing international coordination, ensuring flexibility in financing and establishing a civilian rapid deployment force.
The move is expected to be followed by others, as South Korea puts an end to cooperation across the board.
2. Satisfaction may consist in an acknowledgement of the breach, an expression of regret, a formal apology or another appropriate modality.
But the pills are not a cure for radiation sickness. And they work only if the radioactive iodine has been taken into the body through food or drink.
In addition to its field-based activities, UNDP continues to produce important analysis on election-related issues.
He should listen to his intimate feelings
A new Council was elected in February 2011.
D. Briefings by the President of the Security Council to non-members, availability of draft resolutions and summaries of meetings and informal consultations of the whole
11. The Commission on Narcotic Drugs, in its resolution 46/5 on "Improving the exchange of electronic information among Member States and communication with international organizations", commended the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) for broadening the mandate and scope of the National Drug Control System to cover the collection, exchange and processing of all data relevant to national and international drug control.
331001–332000
The United Nations is at the centre of multilateral efforts on non-proliferation, arms control and disarmament.
He was taken aback, but he managed to remain calm.
He is believed to have received medical treatment only after his transfer to Shuvelan SIzo.
54. Interlinked sustainable development issues operate at widely different, but interacting, geographic and timescales.
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments
Design and Implementation of an AHB-based High-Speed Memory Access Layer
Building on the workshop on urban crime prevention and youth at risk held during the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, the presentation discussed current concerns about urban youth crime, including violence and gang activity, and the implications of the control and use of public space.
260. Financially, the concept of State procurement has been introduced into the education sector: the State finances educational programmes at all levels.
1997 in the United Kingdom
 "New Zealand also wishes to express its support for international efforts to ensure the practice of reflagging drift-net fishing vessels does not become a method of restricting the effectiveness of efforts to prevent the practice of fishing with long drift-nets.
The initiative to investigate lay primarily with the countries in which front organizations were maintained.
Professional officers in the department are required to make a declaration on a case by case basis as and when a conflict of interest arises or is likely to arise.
14. The situation in Timor-Leste (15 December 1975; 10 September 2007).
 Other requirements under this heading relate to provision for external data-processing services ($46,200) and the UNPA, Vienna, share of the cost of design of philatelic materials ($57,000) and the printing of stamps ($760,400).
69. Although the current global economic downturn might make such figures seem daunting, policymakers must consider the costs of failing to make such investments.
The work includes research and development, integration and testing, and continual improvements to fusion operations within the NAWCWD Information Fusion Center.
(e) Implement organizational changes in the ICT management structure, including consolidation of multiple ICT units within the same department or office and elevation of reporting levels of ICT chiefs within their department or office, where appropriate.
Finally, he informed the Council that Afghanistan would be ready to assume the role of chairing SPECA in 2014.
Those treatments might be drugs, or they might be new therapies that reinforce the thermostats and improve their performance.
The Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1986, applied safeguards to the handling of personal data on computer, which in turn enabled the provisions of the 1981 Council of Europe Convention for the Protection of Individuals with regard to Automatic Processing of Personal Data to be extended to the Bailiwick.
Self-healing material
In his statement on Wednesday, 21 September (see A/60/PV.19), the Eritrean representative officially threatened to use force against Ethiopia on the basis of the unfounded allegation that part of Eritrean territory is under Ethiopian occupation.
VTR's with different formats and their performance are emphasized and corresponding technical data figures and tables are given.
In Guernsey, therefore, the civil service derives its authority from the States and not from the Crown as in the United Kingdom.
38. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor are:
Distribution of pregnancy control medicine or suggesting methods of creating distance between pregnancies takes place under an action plan called "Immune Tools for Healthy Maternity" via MoPH.
You will certainly have in mind paragraph (d) of the decision that I have just mentioned, wherein clear instructions have been given regarding our future work, which must be based on concrete elements.
More primary school teachers are also being trained to meet the needs for more teachers in the upgraded school system.
The time it takes to craft sharp, witty blog prose is better spent expressing yourself on Flickr, Facebook, or Twitter.
Found clinging to rocks in littoral areas.
You should have outgrown that annoying habit of clenching a pencil in your teeth while thinking.
The targets on access to water and sanitation are set at a 50 per cent reduction in the lack of access by the year 2015.
The above-mentioned individuals shall declare payment of the monthly payable tax in accordance with the time limit as stipulated in the Tax Law.
There are few plant communities in the desert.
19 December 2006
E. Pre-sessional working group
UN-Habitat provided technical assistance to the East African Community for the preparation of the second phase of the Initiative and is now engaged in providing capacity-building to five partner States.
Although international law and the national laws of many countries prohibited such discrimination, frequently such legislation was not enforced and individual acts of discrimination were often hard to detect, prove and punish.
It was suggested that, since the availability of such an option would be attractive to foreign investors, a reference to it should be included in the notes accompanying legislative recommendation 4.
Iraq rejects all the consequences of this illegal decision and, in particular, the flimsy excuses and pretexts used by these States in an attempt to justify their military aggression against our country.
If engineering structures mentioned in the preceding paragraph need to occupy land within the scope of control for any river course or lake, or to cut across the space over any river course or lake, or to go through riverbeds, the construction unit should subject the pos it ion and border of the engineering structures to the examination and approval of the relevant water conservancy administrative department before completing the formalities for starting the projects according to law.
D-1
Canada will continue to be part of that response.
The meetings enabled SADC member States to craft recommendations for the sixth World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference, and the SADC Ministers of Trade to adopt a communiqué.
10. Strongly condemns all threats and acts of violence against humanitarian personnel and United Nations and associated personnel, reaffirms the need to hold accountable those responsible for such acts, strongly urges all States to take stronger action to ensure that any such acts committed on their territory are investigated fully and to ensure that the perpetrators of such acts are brought to justice in accordance with national laws and obligations under international law, and urges States to end impunity for such acts;
4.2. Work of the Inailau Women's Leadership Network in this area also continues through their workshops, debates and voter education processes.
20 www.the-islander.org, 15 August 2002.
Further, it is concerned about the preparation of a draft law that increases the scope of incrimination and sanctions for sex workers in cases of soliciting.
Objective To determine the radioprotective effect of compound ganoderma lucidum powder towards mice.
Tel. No.: 2155 0303
An act committed outside the People's Republic of China shall not be treated as an infringing act if under the law of the People's Republic of China it is not considered an infringing act.
Convinced that, notwithstanding the way in which they are used or the form that they take to acquire some semblance of legitimacy, mercenaries or mercenaryrelated activities are a threat to peace, security and the selfdetermination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of all human rights by peoples,
I will try to grow it at the same pace buildings rise in Shanghai – one floor a day.
This year, North Korea has staged two major sudden attacks on South Korean facilities, both in the disputed waters along the western coast.
She may come with us provided that she arrives in time.
Unlike many of his colleagues, Porter is frustratingly unquotable.
The report on the eighth session of the CRIC will be submitted to the COP for its consideration and for any decision the COP may wish to take on the implementation of the Convention and The Strategy.
"Does not the ear test words, As the palate tastes its food
The newspaper says their wives were found guilty of the same crime.
Now, if you'll forgive me. I'll go inside, pack my little bags and return to Vienna where I belong.
The application of such measures would ensure accountability, thus paving the way for the delegation of authority.
10.16 Prior to 2004, students who passed the PSSC were offered scholarships to study overseas.
(b) Philippines
 19. It should, however, be mentioned that spot investigations have been conducted by human rights observers as well as by the specialized investigation team, although the general deployment plan will be embarked upon only on 22 October.
Among the main reasons are quality and quantity inadequacies and difficulties in entering markets dominated by large firms which are often owners of well-known trademarks.
They remove their hats to honour the flag.
Property tax levy is prepared for your understanding and psychological?
Sex offender
On 14 April 2009, at 2044 hours, the Israeli enemy shone a searchlight for five seconds from its position at Ra's Naqurah in the direction of Lebanese territorial waters to a distance of 300 metres north of the line of buoys (buoy no. 2).
2. Following the steep decline from 1995-97 to 2002, international commodity prices have been on a sustained upward trend since 2002.
Headquarters Committee on Contracts
439. In the general debate on agenda item 14, statements were made by members of the Commission, observers and representatives of non-governmental organizations.
United Nations support for the Cameroon-Nigeria Mixed Commission
This paper develops the cost-effective obstacle avoiding sensor unit by using parking ultrasonic sensors and infrared sensors.
Such emissions could be expected to increase as demands for energy increased, particularly in developing countries.
"The Colours of Asia" Youth Festival, July 2004, took place in Seoul, Republic of Korea organized by the IYHF, the Korean Youth Hostels Association and UNESCO.
) Come to the station.
14. Reaffirms that the United Nations visiting missions to the Territories are an effective means of ascertaining the situation in the Territories, as well as the wishes and aspirations of their inhabitants, and calls upon the administering Powers to continue to cooperate with the Special Committee in the discharge of its mandate and to facilitate visiting missions to the Territories;
"Recognizing that a formal or legal distinction at national level between different kinds of religions or beliefs may constitute discrimination and may impinge on the enjoyment of the freedom of religion or belief,
Introduction The International Law Commission held the first part of its fifty-fifth session from 5 May to 6 June 2003 and the second part from 7 July to 8 August 2003 at its seat at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
This streamlined approach will be more efficient and effective.
"Give the apothecary the paper inside and bring what he gives you back to me.
"Reaffirming respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all States, including their right to control their own borders,
Two more plans of action had been adopted, one related to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the other to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
The expansion and construction of illegal settlements and the erection of annexation walls were meant to change facts on the ground.
The lives of young Chinese hardly resemble those of their parents, much less their grandparents.
The subprogramme will undertake research on specific challenges to the development of Africa, coordinate analytical work of UNCTAD in support of the objectives of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa (UN-NADAF), and contribute to regional and subregional integration as well as to various other international initiatives on Africa, including cooperation with other United Nations bodies and organizations in the context of the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa, in view of UNCTAD's role as lead agency for the trade access and opportunities cluster of the Initiative.
Academic/Professional Qualifications (Maximum 45 points)
64.33. Define ill-treatment in the national legislation (Germany);
261. It is proposed to abolish two positions of Travel Assistant (Field Service) based on streamlined and standardized processes and efficiencies in the operations of the Kuwait Joint Support Office.
The Council is, however, aware of linkages and complementarities between different elements of conflict resolution as well as of the need to ensure a smooth transition from demining as a peace-keeping requirement to demining as part of peace-building in a follow-up phase.
19. Crime prevention, particularly among youth, was paramount for the Brazilian Government, and significant headway had been made in implementing prevention-oriented public policies.
A. Disbursements
Forthcoming official meetings held away from Headquarters
Institutional changes included in the Administrator's report were generally supported.
They are designed to support the regular detention monitoring mechanisms that were strengthened through the enactment of a new Code of Penal Procedure.
One pulls off to unload, Two big dump trucks rolling down the road.
Articles of the Cotonou Agreement on cooperation and development assistance between the European Union and the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States (ACP) was mentioned as an example of such a partnership.
VIII. Children's basic needs and humanitarian aid in times of armed conflict
59. Services and support for women victims of violence are an essential element of a comprehensive approach to violence against women, and several entities have developed and/or implemented projects in that area.
I went all out to pursue my goals.
Examples that were mentioned included the use of the phrase "drug trafficking" without the word "illicit" and "transnational crime" rather than "transnational organized crime".
Hessian
It was an important thing to her to hear one so well-positioned and powerful speaking in this manner.
 Although we should state that, regrettably, not everything depends on the will and desire of the Government and the citizens of the country.
I am fed up with your carelessness .
The working group agreed that the information should be forwarded to the committee for its consideration in determining the dates of its sessions.
Notification must be made within seven days after the earlier of: the conclusion of the merger agreement, the public announcement of a proposed merger bid or the acquisition by a party of a controlling interest in another party.
St. Joseph's Anglo-Chinese School
7. Ensure that royalties and economic benefits that flow from mining and extractive industries in rural communities are equally distributed between women and men, including equal employment in these sectors.
5.2 The author further argues that the change came about because the Supreme Court yielded under pressure exerted by the General Board of Colleges of Dentistry and Stomatology in what she calls "dental xenophobia", and amounts, she asserts, to arbitrary discrimination against immigrant Hispanic dental practitioners, whose right to recognition of their qualifications is denied with a view to stopping them living and working in Spain.
Trends in resource mobilization
:: Provided technical assistance to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in 2009 and 2010 with respect to programmes on drug dependence treatment, prevention and engagement of civil society.
208. General Assembly resolution 39/236 has been strictly enforced since September 2005.
Gambia
Hao: Good morning madam.
-A Letter to My ParentsDear Mum and Dad,Im writing to you in Beijing.Im very happy to visit Beijing again.
b Excludes personnel.
However , contamination of coliform group might occur during beer brewing.
D. Current structures of illegal exploitation
He further underlined that he always stood ready to facilitate a process of national reconciliation and democracy that would include modalities for the meaningful participation of all these parties, including Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
Wine, sometimes a carrier only, bears a woman's temporary joy and sorrow.
The variance is partly offset by reduced requirements for spare parts and supplies, which is based on 4 per cent of the projected total inventory value of equipment.
In my life, it was a very strange thing which happened.
Extrabudgetary expenditure leveld
Her replacement was to be an ECCC judge (see paragraph 84).
I. Introduction
And all the people came before the king: for Israel had fled every man to his tent.
The expansion of access to affordable medicines requires not only financial resources, but also training, quality assurance, and adequately functioning health-care systems.
House music
Pursuant to resolution 62/217 and in accordance with the recommendation of UNISPACE III, the United Nations/Burkina Faso/World Health Organization/European Space Agency/Centre national d'études spatiales Workshop on the Use of Space Technology in Tele-health to Benefit Africa, hosted by Burkina Faso, was held in Ouagadougou from 5 to 9 May 2008.
He and his books were in frequent requisition as to property confiscated and made national.
5. Report on the session.
United Nations security management
China arguably has the biggest English tuition industry in the world, with hundreds of English schools targeting different markets.
International trade for many landlocked and transit developing countries involves carriage by both maritime and inland transport.
If only I knew how accurate his predictions would be, I'd have taped him.
While people often know the specific subject they are looking for, concept keywords may help to inspire the end-user to choose your images to represent the idea.
But they never did tell me how great I would be
Near Lieksa,lives the sculptress Eva Ryynanen,an extraordinary artist who works with wood.
Armenia
38. The Chairman of the Committee has continued to bring the Committee's concerns about the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, to the attention of the Secretary-General (see A/ES-10/301-S/2005/262; A/ES-10/306-S/2005/556).
As for the elimination of stereotypes, the objective of the Government of Québec policy Pour que l'égalité de droit devienne une égalité de fait is to promote egalitarian models and behaviours.
The 2" (50 mm) tyre chips are cooled in a continuously operating freezing tunnel to below -120° C;
Can see from this, luxury symbols value originate from its high grade, the high price of "well" , but only a few people can have.
Eg, Don't talk to him when he's wrapped up in his TV program.
The role of family life in society is manifold.
Culture is what we do and the reason why we do it.
He raised a number of outstanding issues that required consultation on the outcome document.
This programme is part of the fight against poverty and gives the Ministry an important tool in that regard, supplemented by more incisive strategies, because it specifically targets more vulnerable groups (women, girls, pygmies, street children).
I wish to start by thanking the Secretary-General for the comprehensive report submitted under this agenda item.
Make little paths for the seeds.
16. Requests the Office of the High Commissioner to provide the Independent Expert with all the human, technical and financial assistance necessary to carry out his mandate;
Chicago Film Critics Association Awards 2012
However, the estimates were based on expenditure patterns during previous periods. Additional expenditures of $38,600 were incurred owing to the fact that additional sanitation and cleaning materials were required to maintain a minimum level of hygiene and cleanliness in order to prevent epidemiological hazards that could become a health problem for the troops.
Given that only a limited percentage of the Malagasy population is entitled to social security benefits, please inform of the steps taken to ensure that coverage of social security system is significantly increased.
UNITED NATIONS
Statement submitted by Zonta International, a non-governmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
The next day, I asked him the reason why he would like to be with me. He answered that he was fond of my mettle and charming smilings.
However, it notes with concern the wide gap between the minimum and maximum penalties prescribed for the offence (2 - 25 years' imprisonment), which gives the courts a broad margin of discretion when imposing such penalties, including with regard to the length of the minimum sentence (arts. 2, 4, 6 and 7).
However, assistance to landmine victims remained inadequate.
Comprehensive Water Quality Management Programme Laguna de Bay;
Internal controls are the methods and procedures used to authorize transactions and safeguard assets.
Ballots Drawn for HOS Phase 20A
In this regard, Morocco objected to the fact that the advisers designated by the Frente POLISARIO were not members of the tribes concerned.
Obsjective to investigate the relationship of the nephritic syndrome and the parameters of coagulation and fibrolysis.
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States to make every possible effort to ensure payment of their assessed contributions to the Mission in full;
The Government should provide leadership and accountability, the private sector innovation and social responsibility and the social sector engagement and commitment. III. Everything human is local
This will make it possible to take timely steps to prevent the perpetration of multiple homicide against civilians and other acts of terror conducive to the forcible displacement of persons.
Payments received as at the same date amounted to $4,733,368,000, leaving an outstanding balance of $299,770,000.
There are certain places with great energy, spots on the Earth like the one we're above now.
Monday, 8 October 2012 (Spanish);
When a contribution for specific purposes is made for such a programme, the corresponding commitment enters into effect (usually between Board sessions).
In my address to the American people that evening, I noted that Saddam had previously used chemical weapons on Iranians and Kurds in northern Iraq and had fired Scud missiles at other countries.
2. This Convention is subject to ratification, acceptance or approval.
Reinstatement of consultative status of non-governmental organizations that had been previously suspended due to non-submission of their quadrennial reports
Access to such services would have a great impact on development. The development of the local content of the telecentres would increase the participation of the communities they served in the information and knowledge society and in international trade.
:: Ensure that the commitments assumed under the universal periodic review to address human rights issues are comprehensively met
3. Illegal armed groups not participating in the demobilization process
We will further document the validation of the model and we will describe the input data for the model.
Article 36: In paragraph 2, it is recommended that, in the Spanish version, the expression "estará facultado" ["shall have the power to"] be replaced with "tendrá la potestad".
Chinese vowel diagram
An e-PAS help desk has been established to resolve any problems and to gather feedback about the system.
This algorithm used three search technologies which are called moving search reducing search and speeding search.
Conclusion The EVR is a safe, efficient and feasible method.
559 kilometres
OPL, despite initial opposition to the conduct of the elections, has recently indicated that it will participate in the elections.
Subtotal, line 5
The CD is neither self—funded, nor is it conducting business for its own exclusive use.
However, for the sake of clarity, he supported the proposal that some reference to Article 103 of the Charter of the United Nations should be made, possibly in the respective commentary.
In Quebec, the word “family” includes many types of union, including the traditional family and the nuclear family.
The U.N. agency says global refugee numbers had fallen for five years before rising again in 2006 and 2007.
A. Introduction
20. Draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.45 was adopted.
O. Article 5, paragraph 8 qua
I think there's more of us than there are of you.
In the context of the statement on mutual commitments, a dialogue between the Commission and the ministers of finance and justice was held in New York on 28 September 2012.
Constitution, legislation and status of the convention
17/10 The rural dimension of sustainable urban development
The Sudanese Armed Forces agreed to work towards an action plan in a meeting held on 21 October 2010, at the Ministry of Defence.
The dog wagged his tail, but moved not. Sikes made a running noose and called him again.
 31. The legal and social framework to implement the articles of the Convention is the Belize National Constitution (as updated to September 1990).
Relationship of the topic to other legal doctrines
The disclosure may only provide grounds for a reduction of sentence in order to encourage revelation of the truth.
g. Digitization of retrospective United Nations documents of major organs, in all languages, covering certain years from microfiche or hard copy and uploaded to the Official Document System;
Dag Hammarskjöld Library building, New York
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU A DEAL.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Some 7 per cent were country-led, which could be seen as a positive sign of national ownership.
al-Zabadani, 8/11/2011
Valuable experience has been gained in the region, and a wealth of knowledge exists at the national, subregional and regional levels with respect to successful and less successful approaches to both the formulation and subsequent implementation of transport agreements.
Statement III summarizes the net cash flow of UNHCR for the year 2011.
(iii) A regional instrument on disaster management and emergency response;
We responded marvellously well, with great determination and great mental strength.
Accordingly, the Committee concludes that, in the circumstances of the present case, the author's rights under article 19, paragraph 2, of the Covenant have been violated.
Vitreomacular traction syndrome (VTS) is a distinct clinical entity caused by vitreous traction of the posterior retina due to incomplete posterior vitreous detachment.
The aim of the Law was therefore to encourage companies to make greater investments in occupational training programmes.
The Millennium Development Goals represent an opportunity for increasing the focus on national-level implementation of the Platform for Action, and -- through the specific targets and indicators established -- for measuring progress and outcomes.
The Division further aims to expand the geographic diversity of its partnerships, ensuring a broader representation of regions in its mandate.
The Committee requests that, in future, the most up-to-date information be included in the report.
55. At its forty-fifth session, in July 2012, the Commission will hear an oral report on the progress made at the Regional Centre as well as developments on the establishment of UNCITRAL regional centres in other regions.
That was seen as an indication that stocks of opiates in Afghanistan had started to be depleted towards the end of that year, which was characterized by very low production.
The GOA, with support from Italy as the lead nation, has faced challenges in extending its influence beyond Kabul in this critical pillar.
 51. Women's poverty is directly related to the absence of economic opportunities and autonomy, lack of access to economic resources, including credit, land ownership and inheritance, lack of access to education and support services and their minimal participation in the decision-making process.
2. In June 2011, after the expiry of Niger's original deadline to implement Article 5, Niger discovered one area under its jurisdiction or control that is known to contain anti-personnel mines and five areas that are suspected to contain anti-personnel mines.
Such subcommissions or task forces, if initiated and funded by interested parties, could make valuable inputs to the work of the Commission and raise the profile of issues in the public eye.
New universities
It is very important that this model be progressively modified and monitored.
Fifty-ninth session
Self - sustaining form can live without food or water and from the breath alone.
(b) Amendments (A/54/L.39)
(c) Montreal Protocol promissory notes
Original: English
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 5152nd meeting, held on 28 March 2005 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, having before it the fourth progress report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (S/2005/186).
the man was starving.
They were pleased to see UNV engagement in issues related to gender and the social inclusion of youth, and noted that training and formation of volunteers created a direct link with civil society.
380. It is believed that nearly 12,000 women originating from areas where female genital excision is practiced are living in Switzerland.
However, defending peace requires preventive efforts before conflicts occur and peace-building efforts at the end of conflicts.
Recalling the guidelines it adopted at its nineteenth special session on the Mid-term Review in May 2002, as well as the decisions on financing the participation of experts taken by the Working Party at its second resumed thirty-eighth session in May 2002, its thirty-ninth session in September 2002, and its resumed thirty-ninth session in November/December 2002, especially with regard to the need for a long-term solution for predictable financing of expert participation in expert meetings,
He went into the kitchen and swallowed nearly a teacupful of Victory Gin.
The West Wing
ESCAP will advocate and, upon request, assist member States in developing and complying with a common set of internationally or regionally agreed standards, norms, conventions and development approaches, while simultaneously mobilizing the regional voice in promoting multilateral approaches to solve global problems.
35. Regarding the cooperation with the International Labour Organization (ILO), the CPLP Executive Secretariat and the Portuguese Government co-organized a conference on the fight against the exploitation of child labour in CPLP countries, in April 2006.
They are presented at the first regular session so that the Executive Board may take into account any comments made by the Fifth Committee on the report during the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
The EU has avoided any such gesture, seeking to avoid further tension with Russia.
4. In order to streamline requests sent to the Platform, the submission of requests by Governments conveyed by multilateral environmental agreements related to biodiversity and ecosystem services through their governing bodies or scientific subsidiary bodies is encouraged.
73 BC
In our view, callous indifference to the negative consequences of the invasion of Iraq to the conduct of international relations and a lack of full understanding of the post-war situation in Iraq, particularly the social and the cultural complexities of Iraqi society, have created both an international predicament and a source of instability at our borders.
The other seven markets reviewed included Australia, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.
While a majority of indigenous peoples still live in rural areas, there are indications that they are increasingly migrating to urban areas.
Marzan
Such a decision shall apply in the second and subsequent commitment periods.
Halliste Parish
Naturally, we intend to continue this process by contributing in a positive manner to the activities of the United Nations and, in consequence, of its Member States, and we plan to apply as soon as possible for reclassification to the general category.
neither of I don't think either of the girls are capable of the work.
However, YIT provided no evidence (such as receipts, invoices or payment vouchers) that it incurred the amounts claimed.
Women are the key players in the continuation of family lineages, through their reproductive capacities.
From the perspective of the multilateral system, in order for collective security to be more effective, it needs to be more intrusive.
▪ A Gender Focal Points (GFPs) system is currently being consolidated by the MWRCDFW.
2. States Parties shall adopt such measures as may be necessary to enable the identification, tracing, freezing or seizure of any item referred to in paragraph 1 of this article for the purpose of eventual confiscation.
Governing Council decision 8 (S/AC.26/1992/8) sets out the ceiling amounts that may be awarded in respect of all types of MPA claims that may be filed with the Commission.
The third act passed off as usual.
You remember not getting to kiss your child goodbyeortalking to him in front of his friends
Approximate number of attackers: 20
Air operations programme
The only common denominator uniting them is, in the last analysis, the literal interpretation of the Charter.
OIOS assessed that under the circumstances, there would be little value in conducting further investigations.
3. Questions relating to the domestic application of the Covenant must be considered in the light of two principles of international law.
She led a thematic group on girls' education and gender, and presented Forum participants with a teaching methodology on gender awareness for pupils in secondary schools.
Equally, I would like to place on record my delegation's appreciation for the work done by the Algerian delegation as the Non-Aligned Movement chair on this issue, as well as for the other negotiating partners who worked in a spirit of cooperation.
 It is my Government's wish that the legitimate authorities be restored and that due action be taken to build a stable, solid, accountable and uncorrupt society in Haiti.
3. To caution Serbia, in accordance with item B of the indicative list of measures, that, in the event that it fails to return to compliance in a timely manner, the Meeting of the Parties will consider measures consistent with item C of the indicative list of measures.
Well. I have experienced the computer engineering field for 6 years now.
Please give it to us, or sell it to us.We will give you gold and silver for it, said another.
Recognizing the importance of confidence-building measures for regional and international peace and security,
The SBSTA further requested the secretariat to prepare a paper on the results of this workshop for consideration at its tenth session, with the aim of proposing any necessary clarifications, additions and/or amendments to the UNFCCC Guidelines, at the fifth session of the Conference of the Parties.
Despite the hype, you do not need to replace the "new" operator with injection everywhere you see it.
Turkish investments in Syria are today valued at $400m and are expected to grow dramatically.
INSTITUTIONAL FRAMEWORK
8. In the Caribbean, in collaboration with selected regional institutions, OAS is currently providing technical assistance for the execution of three major projects: assessment of coastal and marine problems; assessment of the current state of effluent disposal in the region; and comprehensive review of integrated coastal zone management legislative systems.
Notable examples include President Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger, and President George H. W. Bush and his longtime friend, James Baker.
With respect, I would go further and say that a moral recommitment must include determination to act with unaccustomed speed across the entire spectrum of this body's agenda.
The Government has developed a clear legal framework that enables it to establish effective disaster management structures
Welfare of complete harbor worker had greater progress.
(j) Assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions;
On Sunday abuse survivors and supporters are gathering in Castel Sant'Angelo on the Tiber River.
Item 5 of the provisional agenda*
59 The Scientific Council of NAFO, which has four standing committees (Fisheries Science, Publications, Research Coordination and Fisheries Environment), acts upon requests from the Fisheries Commission and coastal States for advice on stock assessments.
The Committee also recommends that the State party establish mechanisms to coordinate the activities of Government agencies and ministries in regard to illicit excavation and export of cultural property.
13. During the anti-colonial struggle, the colonial government's "divide-and-rule" policy caused for the first time, severe fractures between the Greek Cypriot community and the Turkish Cypriot community on the island.
II. STRATEGIC PLANNING, PROGRAMMING, BUDGETING,
At Wadi Seer, a new workshop was constructed for the finishing and decorating course and library holdings were expanded.
No person deserve your tears and who deserves them won't make you cry.
Reference is made to the third periodical report of the Government of Denmark to the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (E/1994/104/Add.15). Table 5
VI. Communication and outreach
The crucial question is how much oil will be lost, and for how long.
The urban population stands at 21,552,451 inhabitants, with a projection for 2035 of 36,207,668 inhabitants.
161. At the 51st meeting, on 25 July, on the proposal of the President, the Council adopted a decision relating to resolution 39/9 of the Commission on the Status of Women, entitled "Women in agriculture and rural development".
6 December 1991
7. Many children in conflict with the law are also victims of discrimination, e.g. when they try to get access to education or to the labour market.
Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position.I: The starting monthly salary would be 2,000, with rises after the half year according to your competence.A: I think it acceptable and I really like the job
Yet memory too is deep and long.
Talking a trained counselor who understands donor issues can be very helpful in the decision - making process.
Men's Semifinals Run 1
They went out to the balcony and Claudia rested her weight against the banister while she looked at the snowy Macross City.
48. By and large, international and domestic observers, representatives of the media and accredited guests commended the performance of the Libyan electoral authorities.
 It would also be necessary to deal with the problems of increased poverty, unemployment, social disintegration, ethnic tension and violence, crime, drug abuse, homelessness, the rural exodus and urbanization.
In this connection, the Committee recalls its recommendation "that the Secretary-General, in the context of his proposed programme budget for the biennium 1994-1995, submit his long-term proposals with respect to these regional centres, in particular as regards their financial viability.
A Government of Liberia delegation recently visited all the refugee camps and advised refugees to wait for the organized repatriation programme, as Liberia was not yet ready for a mass return.
Political credit ethics is significant to promote the setting-up of politics on authority, to reduce the social cost of system operation, to ensure the modern democratic politics order.
:: In the case of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) has been tasked by the Security Council, in conjunction with its other duties, to report on sanctions violations.
One would not be bothered one way or another.Our objective is to create for our customers an experience in which services are seamless, payments and transfers effortless, and distances meaningless.
This is being done through technical assistance, small projects for the affected population, as well as through the formulation of a “Special Strategy for Central America” for approval in the next UNESCO programme and budget.
B: Yes, it also affects the reputation of our products.Buyers always pay great attention to packing.
Popular demands for reforms in crime prevention and criminal justice administration presume the availability of research-based alternatives to provide suitable responses to the status quo.
 13. These actions, added to the fact that the Government's delegation at the inter-Tajik talks did not include representatives of all important components of the current ruling factions, cast serious doubts as to the preparedness of the Government to fulfil its stated commitment to the inter-Tajik negotiations.
2. The India-Pakistan question (S/628).
:: the conditions of the above guideline were not fully complied with in 44 cases- in 36 of these cases due to administrative deficiencies;
(c) Disaggregated data (for example, by gender, age, region, rural/urban areas and social and ethnic origin, time spent in the armed groups, and time spent participating in hostilities) on children who have been recruited and used in hostilities by armed groups and on those who have been arrested by the State party;
You always say ( that ) I have made you suffering, and hurt you.
A closer examination of the organization will reveal that while trade and commerce are indeed its principle focus, the organization has extended its purview to encompass additional areas beyond what could justifiably be described as within its mandate.
183. It is worth drawing attention to the commitment of successive Lebanese governments since 2005 to strengthening the role of women in public life, in collaboration with the relevant women's organizations, pursuant to the substance of international conventions, especially CEDAW, in the form of appropriate legislation.
Secondary waves propagate through rock but are not able to travel through liquid.
The Committee is concerned that there is no process of harmonization between the existing legislation and the Convention and between the various legislative acts.
7.3 The author submits that 15 months after the High Court's ruling, the State party was still hiding behind unduly prolonged legal proceedings, while she and her husband were forced to live in separate countries to ensure his safety and subsistence.
Such worrisome signs are likely to result in serious setbacks to the realization of gender equality and the elimination of violence against women.
50. On the question regarding the general "minority protection" of persons who belong to groups that have not been recognized as minorities, Greece emphasizes that it fully respects the human rights of individuals who declare that they belong to a certain group regardless of the fact that this group has not been officially recognized or officially granted a status of minority in Greece.
My grandmother used to tell me stories about what it was like.
I was born on Swiss soil, but that did not give me the right to a Swiss passport.
The entire committee will talk over the proposal.
12 June 1992
Most of the bars do not try to make fake alcohols. At least the foreign bars I've dealt with.
Otherwise, He would have needed to suffer often since the foundation of the world; but now once at the consummation of the ages He has been manifested to put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself.
Recalling further its resolution 54/260 A of 7 April 2000, as well as subsequent resolutions on the financing of the Mission, the latest of which was resolution 56/252 C of 27 June 2002,
Groups may be classified as disadvantaged even if they do not want to be regarded as such because of fear of stigmatization or because they are not in favour of affirmative action.
Another portion of those resources is absurdly wasted on the disproportionate expenditure on weapons in the region.
"Your angel will always talk to you about me and will teach you the way for you to come back to me, even though I will always be next to you."
Support staff costs
The President of the General Assembly of the United Nations
VIII. Intermediary relationship exists between group cohesion and organizational change recognition &amp; relationship quality of employees.
Out where there is no air, this phenomenon does not take place.
Another example is whether such a security right may become effective against third parties by registration of a notice to a general security rights registry (such a security right is subordinate to a security right made effective under the Convention by a book entry or by control).
Even though the final results of the High-level Plenary Meeting were not as far-reaching as the majority of Member States had expected, its outcome document (resolution 60/1) serves as a minimum platform for our continued efforts to promote the much-needed reform and strengthening of the Organization.
I will record my ideas and what I see and hear in my blog.
94.11. Continue to consolidate the rights of women and people belonging to vulnerable groups, including indigenous peoples and persons of diverse sexual orientation and gender identity, both within its legal framework and in practice (Canada);
Education and vocational training
Subprogramme 6. Research and trend analysis
Since 1992, the organization's projects have encompassed more than 100 countries.
At its 83rd plenary meeting, on 8 April 2004, the General Assembly, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/58/235), decided to add the following item to the list of items allocated to the Fifth Committee:
The present letter is in follow-up to our 524 letters regarding the ongoing crisis in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, which constitutes the State of Palestine.
Finally, every interview panel must include at least one female member and one member from a country in the global South.
In the area of industrial competitiveness and technical progress, studies will be undertaken of industrial competitiveness policies and entrepreneurial development in less developed countries or areas.
Page
Moon night: a bright moon mirrored on a lake, fluttered willow leaves on the wind with romantic atmosphere.
This allowance can also be granted for an individual who ceases work to bring up a disabled child and an individual incapable of working because of disability, which occurred before he reached the age of 18.
Matters related to the supply of oil equipment and spare parts to Iraq
Tongxin County
I explained that we're a non-profit magazine, so I couldn't afford to pay for returns and what-not.
Letting him have his way, I enjoyed every nip and clip he performed.
My small rectory abuts her estate.
They determined to do this at any cost.
The increase in posts for the Registry represents the need to strengthen the judicial, legal and administrative support, especially in the area of court management and support both to the Trial Chambers and the Appeals Chamber and to the Office of the Prosecutor, in line with recommendations 15, 19, 29, 40 and 41 of the Expert Review Group (see A/54/634).
There is, in addition, an array of measures, from transfer payments and microfinance schemes to public work programmes, which can be used to improve the effectiveness of labour markets even in the poorest countries.
Where UNDP has been unsuccessful in getting signed agreements, the funds were returned to the donor and the unapplied deposits balance was cleared.
39. The recommendation has been implemented.
After all, patients come to hospitals that practice traditional Chinese medicine because they already believe in acupuncture and are likely to be using it to treat another illness.
Abstract The flow of labor is one of the indispensable parts in the process of modernization of a country.
The revelation of the enormous pay deals comes as Goldman prepares for a legal battle with the US government.
The view was expressed that the Chairman of the Commission on Sustainable Development should be invited to participate in the sessions of the Committee and that the Chairman of the Committee should attend the sessions of the Commission.
At the same time, they recognize that particular efforts should be made to protect the most vulnerable.
(2) The two paragraphs of the present article are identical to those of article 40 on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts, but for the replacement of the term "State" with "international organization".
 As well, the profligate behaviour of the central Government between September 1989 and June 1993 had resulted in an unmanageable deficit, precipitously declining reserves and imprudent short-term, high-interest foreign borrowing.
The fact that a civilian stayed or moved within that zone did not mean that he was participating directly in hostilities.
 The author sums up the Court's attitude as follows: "I ask how can a judge determine a fair decision without hearing all the evidence or even worse just listening to the criminals explaining unless he wanted to pass a lenient sentence.
The top 10 (China, Japan, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Switzerland, Norway, Kuwait, the Netherlands and the United Arab Emirates) generated more than 70 per cent of this total.
68 - year of introduction of ammunition to armament
What we have been able to achieve in the area of education has been quite remarkable as well.
56. The country has also made considerable strides in promoting and protecting the rights of older persons.
Belaya Zemlya
How prevent and to how prevent and treat varicosity?
It is apparent from certain correspondence between the parties that a renewal to the existing contract was being negotiated but that, as at 20 June 1990, no final agreement had yet been reached.
A promising new partnership with Microsoft had begun in June 2006 and had since evolved at an impressive pace.
Report of the Conference of the Parties serving as the
"Well! And why haven't you ever told anybody about your service?
With a national body of 2.5 million members and approximately 11,000 congregations, the work of the PCUSA has had an international focus for over one hundred and fifty years through global partnerships in health and developmental programs, and the provision of humanitarian aid in refugee resettlement, hunger and disaster relief programs throughout ninety countries.
1. Norway supports the views put forward by the Secretary-General of the United Nations in his report entitled "An Agenda for Peace" 3/ concerning cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements and organizations as defined in Chapter VIII of the Charter of the United Nations.
(Decision adopted on 23 July 2012, 105th session) 12
I don't have my shorts and T-shirt.
Main roads and places en route
57. Owing to the nature of sub-item (f) of agenda item 116 and item 164, the Secretary-General suggests that they be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
 A democracy that denies the genuine, traditional and sacred values of a people not only hurts the feelings, the pride and the honour of that people but is also doomed to failure.
In particular, UNODC can contribute to the following:
The cavalry regiment, coming down the hill in time to their song, overtook Pierre's chaise and blocked the road.
More and more soldiers were sent to the flooded areas as the rain and heavier.
 Some argue that alternative civilian service could also make a contribution to the country's defence.
At its forty-sixth session, in 1991, the General Assembly, recognizing the desirability of the conclusion of a convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property, decided to establish an open-ended Working Group of the Sixth Committee to examine: (a) issues of substance arising out of the draft articles in order to facilitate a successful conclusion of a convention through the promotion of general agreement; and (b) the question of the convening of an international conference, to be held in 1994 or subsequently, to conclude a convention on the subject (resolution 46/55).
If you wish to check the progress of a previous smoky vehicle complaint, please contact our Customer Service Centre (Tel/Fax: 2838 3111) or by mail to:
336. The National Historical Museums have been commissioned to produce material and develop methods for more gender equal representation in collections and exhibitions. The purpose is to increase the museums' work on shedding light on and providing new perspectives on their collections and exhibitions in terms of gender equality.
Manual dismantling results in recovery of not only working components, but also clean materials for recovery, such as steel cases.
Education establishments for senior high school students (equity joint ventures or contractual joint ventures only)
Poland
Older women in rural areas are particularly economically vulnerable, especially when their role is restricted to non-remunerated work for family upkeep and they are dependent on others for their support and survival.
But he said Beijing cannot turn a blind eye if American troops act against a third party.
Agenda item 4
Every effort should be made, of course, to address these issues.
Especially at mealtimes, we all get together to eat and talk Meals are very lively at our house.
Change of name from "Economic Commission for Asia and the Far East" to "Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific"
Commending the efforts of Joint Special Representative Mohamed ibn Chambas to revitalize the peace process, including through renewed engagement of the non-signatory movements, and urging all parties to the conflict to cease all acts of violence immediately, and to engage in the peace process without preconditions on the basis of the DDPD, in order to bring a durable and stable peace to the region,
The Research Progress of Mechanism and Application of Allelopathy on Oryza sativa L.
Objective:To describe the present situation and main questions of maternal and child health service in China to provide the corresponding suggestion.
Holger Badstuber
This right is unrestricted except that in certain employments wherein the government is the employer and an association formed by the employees may not be entitled to registration, to earn certain immunities for the purpose of resorting to industrial action for collective bargaining especially in areas in which employees are employed in sovereign functions of the state.
The question of dispute resolution was noted as an issue by the Commission in 2012.
The Regulation outlines the three main objectives of the Commission: first, to inquire into and establish the truth about human rights violations committed in East Timor between April 1974 and October 1999; second, to support reintegration of those who have committed minor criminal offences or harmful acts in the past, through a community-based reconciliation process; and third, to submit a report to the Government on the Commission's findings and make recommendations as to how to prevent future recurrences of human rights violations.
Burger King is also adapting its menu for China. It has added chicken dishes and has also added chili to some of its offerings.
14. The Office of Administration and Management continued to develop policies and procedures for the effective management of resources.
Forget it. It's none of my business.
A light harrowing will follow to cover the seed.
Do try some of the celery, Mrs. Lin, she said. It's from a local farmer, and it's sweet.
(5) The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Non-Discrimination Act of 2004 whose purpose is to foster and safeguard equality and to enhance the protection provided by law to victims of discrimination in cases that fall under the scope of the Act.
But it seems absurd that this should make any difference to the morality of aborting the fetus.
 In Lunda Norte and Lunda Sul provinces, the Government maintained firm control over the diamond-producing areas of Cafunfo and Cuango and several other strategically important towns.
(d) Organizations of persons with disabilities;
Bernanke justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended “primarily to increase the near-term momentum of the economy,” suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying.
Special Rapporteur on the right to food.
Millions of people buy such books because millions of other people have bought them.
Plural dies having plural second posts corresponding to the first posts are placed onto the mother device wafer.
 EIB also lends funds to countries outside the European Union: 70 African, Caribbean and Pacific States; 12 Mediterranean countries and 10 Eastern European countries, respectively.
And if the latter choice, the effect may be slightly inferior, but contact with another child painting skills.
At the national level, actions would aim at fulfilling civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights to eradicate poverty and social exclusion.
Place of birth: Uttarakhand, India
Madagascar
The State party refer to the decision of the Committee in Drobek v. Slovakia where it was held that legislation adopted to compensate the victims of the communist regime did not appear to be prima facie discriminatory because it did not compensate the victims of injustices committed by earlier regimes.
In a letter dated 30 August 2010 (S/2010/457), the Council welcomed the Secretary-General's intention to establish a United Nations regional office for Central Africa in Libreville.
The point is lost by whomever breaks the pattern.
But the risk will be even greater should troops from any one of the Balkan States be included in UNPROFOR. I am confident that you are also aware of this danger and will continue your efforts on behalf of the United Nations to find an adequate solution.
For its consideration of the item, the Special Committee had before it a working paper prepared by the Secretariat containing information on developments concerning the Territory (see A/AC.109/2013/2).
Research and policy analysis on early childhood development, and poverty, vulnerability and exclusion of children, youth and women in poverty reduction strategies in Africa
800 litres per hour at 40 cents per litre for 35 hours
Do you know that cancer can be cured without surgery, chemotherapy or radiotherapy?
Air pollution/Atmosphere
The judgements in the case of Mr. Gross merely reproduced the statements and declarations of the executive; for example, they referred to the 1996 Helms-Burton Act and the Torricelli Amendment of the United States.
But a bank's prospects are so difficult to assess for small depositors that some form of supervision might be necessary anyway.
516. The Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission which had just been set up consisted of 35 democratically elected regional councils and had a $A 1 billion budget.
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council sat for the first time in Mauritius in September this year, in line with ongoing reforms of the judicial system aiming at providing better access to justice to citizens of Mauritius.
I welcome the readiness of the National Electoral Commission to maintain dialogue with political parties, an important factor in managing a credible electoral process, even as it faces heightened scrutiny.
She had long jet-black hair. She wore an old, worn-out coat, not nearly as beautiful as mine.
The window has clouded up because of the steam.
9. Programme managers should also be able to select internal staff for appointments on the basis of shortlists resulting from recruitment and promotion competitions run by other programme managers, provided the jobs concerned are similar.
I'll  have  my  watch  repaired.
Guinea—Bissau. Technical Assistance on the Revision and Codification of Legislation Concerning the Family;
D-1
For example, public environmental associations are entitled to nominate their representatives for participation in State environmental expert analysis, conduct public environmental expert analysis (which becomes legally binding after approval of the results by State expert analysis bodies), and, among other things, request State environmental expert analysis.
Three years ago, the General Assembly adopted resolution 60/7, which designated 27 January as International Day of Commemoration in memory of the victims of the Holocaust.
Those appointed to the pool would also be drawn into the work of the regular process and would thus, to some extent, become its ambassadors;
The Committee's previous recommendations
European Union Environment Commissioner Stavros Dimas told reporters it is critical that the world act swiftly.
 Peace and economic cooperation are intimately linked.
162. In addition, the provisions of article 5 of the Act stipulate that "professional training centres shall be opened in each wilaya, bearing in mind the economic orientation of each region, in order to accommodate the greatest possible number of those pupils who were unable to gain access to secondary education".
303. Cuba has important legislation and decrees on health protection which constitute the legal framework for all its health work:
This increase is mainly attributable to the application of lower vacancy factors for civilian posts compared with the vacancy factors applied for 2013/14, based on latest incumbency, an increase of the post adjustment multiplier and a proposed net increase of five posts.
 56. The senior Representative of the Secretary-General in Cyprus will hold monthly meetings with the leaders of the two communities and the UNTA administrators of Varosha and of the airport to review the effective implementation of this agrement.
The same applies to any person whose use of land or buildings is restricted by the State or organs of public administration in such a way as to substantially impair ongoing use of land forming part of the property concerned or to cause significant damage to the same.
8. In addition, the Democratic Republic of the Congo held presidential and legislative elections in November 2011 and Liberia held a constitutional referendum in August 2011 and presidential and parliamentary elections in November 2011.
MPA introduced new revised tariffs in January 2000 and a human resources development plan in October 2001.
Facts to Consider:
The refunded amount corresponds to the full amount (USD 274,500) for 162 claims and a partial amount (USD 16,245) for 13 claims.
Developed countries should also allow products from developing countries to reach their markets unimpeded by direct or disguised barriers such as subsidies.
We had a strong start to 2008, with record sales, says David Smith, JLRs chief executive, 2007 was Land Rovers third record year, we made 327m profit, and more in the first half of 2008, so we were very profitable.
294. Several policy documents have been published in the period under review.
Therefore, the zero-inventory conditions that we have to have good relations of cooperation between suppliers and customers.
The representative of the secretariat reported on the international forum on a primary mercury mine in Kyrgyzstan, the world's last such facility serving the global market, which accounted for 10 per cent of the global supply of mercury.
24. At the national level, there is a clear trend towards growing CSO involvement in service provision.
United Kingdom mortgage lenders, Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley Plc were nationalized.
Depending on the timely availability of the relevant documentation, it also stood ready to discuss other issues, such as the administration of justice and information and communications technology/enterprise resource planning.
 The representative of ILO responded that with respect to youth labour, the approach of the Tripartite Declaration was based on the notion that conditions applicable to transnational corporations should not be different from those applying to national enterprises in their host countries.
Silence is not always golden .
He works hard for realize his ability and tallence..
(b) New and emerging technologies.
Reporting should call attention to the violations and reflect children's views and experiences of violence, while avoiding sensationalism and ensuring respect for the right to privacy of child victims.
H.E. Mr. Natan Teewe (Kiribati)
During the visits to police stations, the delegation was informed that, before the police will start conducting this questioning, the apprehended person is asked whether he wishes defence counsel to be present.
She was crowned after the resigning of his brother.
Human Rights and the Fate of the Liberal Order
Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome
In accordance with the provisions of article 20 and rules 78 and 79 of the rules of procedure, all documents and proceedings of the Committee relating to its functions under article 20 of the Convention are confidential and all the meetings concerning its proceedings under that article are closed.
Districts of Vienna
But there is also another under-appreciative alternative; the simple algebraic logic of what Jennifer and I call pro-rata sharing
(c) War, hostilities, armed conflict, piracy, terrorism, riots, and civil commotions;
The Office was to be responsible for providing basic depository and payment services, mainly to the Government, and for facilitating the development of foreign exchange and money markets by adopting internationally acceptable bank licensing and supervisory procedures.
Identical letters dated 27 March 2008 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
77. The Working Group subsequently recommended that the President of the Council should write to the Legal Counsel to seek the assistance of the Office of Legal Affairs in preparing a draft resolution that would resolve the lacuna in the statutes of the two Tribunals by following the approach taken in Article 3, paragraph 2, of the Statute of the International Court of Justice.
So the Mole and Rat turned to, quietly and manfully, and while the Rat saw to the horse, and lit a fire, and cleaned last nights cups and platters, and got things ready for breakfast, the Mole trudged off to the nearest village, a long way off, for milk and eggs and various necessaries the Toad had, of course, forgotten to provide
(c) The date of expiration of the contract is 26 April 2016.
They applied all sorts of torture to him.
The Conference on Disarmament had been unable to undertake substantive work for nearly 15 years, owing to preconditions which the parties had brought to the negotiations.
Preparatory team for the third International Conference of New or Restored Democracies (UNDP, Romania)
My delegation keenly hopes that the implementation of this programme of activities will contribute, however modestly, to the international effort to make this commemoration an event of universal importance.
Your opinions on packing are worthy.
Provide equitable, appropriate and welcoming access to services.
Informal "informal" consultations on the draft resolution on information and communication technologies for development (under agenda item 46) (convened by the delegation of Argentina)
Three presidential candidate have appear on television.
I. Introduction
Estonia acceded to the Covenant and the Optional Protocol in 1991.
The plan implied that the Kremlin would provide the Kadyrovs – first Akhmad Kadyrov, and then, after his death, his son, Ramzan – broad autonomy (independence in all but name) and huge sums of money.
8. The current remaining balance of the special account for the financing of experts was approximately US$ 67,000.
From 8 to 11 September in Jalisco.
I stressed this to both leaders when we met in New York on 18 November 2010 and again in Geneva on 26 January 2011.
 Its membership includes the central banks of Bangladesh, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
In addition, ATS supported Parties on activities to address the adverse impacts arising from the implementation of response measures to address climate change under decision 1/CP.10, including on enhancing the exchange of relevant information, tools and methodologies.
I wanted women to feel as comfortable here as they did in a tearoom
Reiterating its call upon States to review urgently the scope of the existing international legal provisions on the prevention, repression and elimination of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, with the aim of ensuring that there is a comprehensive legal framework covering all aspects of the matter,
Western Europe and other States
Invisible Man
Planned indicators of achievement
Item 10 of the provisional agenda*
Deputy Representative Mr. Jitong Wang, Director, China Institute of Toponymy
New Mission personnel sensitized
3. Over this same period , there have been significant changes in the international agenda as it relates to biological diversity and reporting, and the issue of reporting has been considered further in advisory and governance meetings held by the multilateral environmental agreements.
Others have been detained at a north Khartoum prison since January 2004 in similar circumstances.
Total, part III
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations would endeavour to conduct those inspections as a matter of policy.
Therefore all contributions including working women who are beneficiaries to paid maternity leave of 3 months - have right to and access sickness benefits, subsidization for spectacles and dental care, and invalidity, funeral and pension benefits.
Reiterating our demand for the early adoption of the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as adopted by the Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities,
5. The references in the Convention to other international frameworks and the texts of Review Conferences suggest the usefulness of a review of mechanisms within the framework of the United Nations for conducting investigations into alleged use.
The revised 2013 budget for South-Eastern Europe notes a significant decrease of $12.9 million (20.3 per cent) in comparison with the current 2012 budget.
What are do not see, what you see is your shadow.
Catherine pushed another to him, and wiped her face.
A/59/351 Items 8 and 114 of the provisional agenda - - Organization of work, adoption of the agenda and allocation of items: reports of the General Committee - - Pattern of conferences - - Letter dated 9 September 2004 from the Chairman of the Committee on Conferences addressed to the President of the General Assembly [A C E F R S]
25. At the conclusion of the round-table meetings, the Co-Chairs noted their intention to produce summaries of the round-table discussions, as they had done at previous sessions, and stated that the facilitators of the workshops would prepare summary reports on the workshops.
Now she has embarked on3 her various shows worldwide.
You think Stella can pull it off? I have my doubts.
The strong presence of international FOSS developers, including Turbo Linux, Red Hat and IBM, is noticeable.
Learn how to start using an airbrush in this free airbrushing video clip about beginning to airbrush.
39. IFAD noted at COP 10 that it would agree to the GM moving physically to another location if the COP were to so decide, while it has expressed its understanding that decision 6/COP.10 "foresees the end of IFAD's role as the host of the GM" and the "termination of the housing arrangements for the GM".
Sustainable development
She has led Intel's transformation into a software powerhouse.
The Committee is concerned about the fact that one of these articles, entitled "Traitors in Black Cloaks Flocked Together", included the names and photographs of five lawyers, putting them at of risk of attacks (art. 2, 12, 13 and 16).
Hatred is so repulsive to most humans that it is repressed into the unconscious where it acts out causing disease instead of violence.
I'm so sorry you didn't get your party.
I said nothing,I just wrote everything down on the paper and told her "you're not my first one,but you're definitely my last one" Luckly man. I guess I am.
17. The treaty-specific report should provide information according to the clusters of rights identified by the Committee, as identified below.
Introduced by the Spanish, horses often carry goods and people through the rugged Peruvian countryside.
Since September 1997, permits issued by the Israeli authorities expressly prohibited staff members with West Bank and Gaza Strip residency from driving a vehicle in Israel.
The Advisory Committee agrees with the Board of Auditors that resident auditor posts should be filled expeditiously in order to ensure adequate oversight of Mission operations.
The Committee recommends that the State party establish a legal framework to govern the application process of asylum.
The President's term of office is six years.
26. Mr. HURST (Antigua and Barbuda), speaking on behalf of the 12 member States of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), said that the British Commonwealth had undertaken to study the vulnerability of the 19 small States it embraced, and CARICOM attached great importance to the Commonwealth initiative.
In order to permit better efficiencies within the Division and responsiveness to the field and senior United Nations leadership, including security requirements linked to humanitarian crises and natural disasters, the Director must be able to focus his attention on strategic level issues affecting high-risk duty stations.
Governments must commit themselves to the building of meaningful partnerships.
Why would he-- Well, he couldn't afford the tuition to med school, And he was approached by this so-called director, And well, he Anyway, I would appreciate it If you didn't let on that you know.
- Assistance to regional approaches on specific problems relating to small arms and light weapons.
a slate-blue associated with the early republic and the presidency, and a more contemporary cyan to represent the present and future.
And if you truly believe -- and I mean believe from the bottom of your heart -- you can make change happen.
As for Romania, we have strived hard to deal with our own HIV/AIDS challenge.
The facilitator (Uganda) of the draft resolution made a statement.
Traditional practises are also an obstacle in terms of accessing the law, especially referring to domestic violence and gender based violence in general.
65. These training initiatives envisage an average commitment of at least 120 hours per annum, have to be concerned also with the particular discipline underlying the labour relationship, work organization and the preventive measures for safeguarding health and security at the place of work.
According to information available at the time, the Criminal Court had ordered the release of the author in two cases, while three other cases were still pending before the Court of Cassation.
Most developing countries lacked the capacity to take advantage of the existing flexibilities under WTO law, sometimes they were not used in order to attract investors or through donor pressure.
Economic and social affairs
Some delegations were very interested, and continued to be interested, in avoiding what they referred to as double-entry budgeting.
B. Human rights and public security
We must allow for his youth.
It was a stunning moment, stunning on both sides, certainly stunning for our Vietnamese visitors, and stunning for the United States.
Expected accomplishments of the Secretariat
Terrorism is a despicable crime that should be rejected in all its forms by and against whomever it may be committed.
And the extraordinarily candid conversations we had with Chinese business leaders and Party officials was both surprising and invaluable.
All these monitoring reports were translated and distributed widely both in Khmer and in English.
(b) The consolidated local picture shows a total of 2,676 posts held by women, representing 40 per cent of all filled posts;
Sukumo, Kōchi
While the Board identified areas for improvement in the computerized finance module and related non-computerized controls, the Board considers the manual compensating controls acceptable to the extent that they support the integrity and reliability of the financial statements taken as a whole.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that consideration of this item be deferred to the fifty-ninth session of the Assembly and that it be included in the provisional agenda of that session.
Background - Knowledge of the familial contribution to congenitaldiseases ( CHD ) on an individual and population level is sparse.
This parallels the situation of one employed person being linked to more than one post.
So the book can only be talking about a superficial familiarity, not a deep understanding.
And I want you to make it up to me, said the salesperson
14. In eastern and southern Africa, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) have been playing a major role in helping their respective member countries to elaborate and coordinate their national action programmes, and to identify priority areas for implementation.
Article 38 People's governments at or above the county level shall organize relevant departments to formulate plans for urban civil air defense evacuation according to need.
Intelligence service, military intelligence
The PRESIDENT: Thank you.
Well, I want that for myself.
 132. Hence, a total amount of $35.4 million was appropriated to the Tribunal for 1996.
c Funded under general temporary assistance.
To find out, a team of researchers at the University of Florida gauged the emotional responses of more than 100 college-aged women to photos of attractive women.
These voracious predators consume some 500 pounds of food each day.
The little boy is not tall enough to reach the pear on the tree.
ICT Information communications technology
The Panel recommends that the Government publish all of the results of this systems audit and that, once it is completed, it should be followed up with an 18-month full financial audit by an international auditing firm.
(b) [Agreed] Encourage participation in the HIPC initiative of all creditors that have not yet done so;
Hence, gradual trade integration is required to ease, through increased exports, the balance-of-payments constraint caused by the need to import capital equipment that is required for industrialization.
Chapter II describes the types of communications sent to Governments by the Special Rapporteur and describes the urgent appeals procedure.
On the second day of the high-level segment, a 90-minute ministerial round-table discussion will be held on issues that constitute the main challenges in the context of the Montreal Protocol to be addressed by countries during the coming decade.
Of the 31 recommendations noted from prior periods, 15 were fully implemented, 1 was overtaken by events and 15 were not implemented or under implementation.
to keep proper maintenance of their equipment and transmitting stations.
I find it difficult to come to a conclusion.
86. Civilian aspects of conflict management and peacebuilding (22 September 2004; 22 September 2004).
$180 for each event
122. It was observed that the identification of an injured State pursuant to article 40 was vital in determining the right to claim remedies against the wrongdoing State, including legitimate countermeasures.
Amli, India
The Lewizhou Leishen Temple is the only one or two surviving all other ten or so, as the Leizu belief had been more stable in Ancient Leizhou.
15 December 2010
They carried out 21 missions, 10 of them from Saudi territory with the support of an AWACS command and control aircraft operating inside Saudi airspace and 11 from Kuwaiti territory and by way of the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait with the support of an E-2C command and control aircraft operating inside Kuwaiti airspace.
The Registrar General of India released the report last month.
105. The Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that further consideration of the item should be postponed until 2000 in view of the abbreviated schedule of work of the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session, in 1999, and the preparatory work to be carried out for UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 112).
Thus travelling abroad is covered, as well as departure for permanent emigration.
The author claims that he is entitled to expect a fair trial regardless of his profession.
International Association for Women's Mental Health
Transport them to the desert, and they die within days because they don't have the physiology to get rid of excess heat.
Women with a Tutsi appearance have been harassed, arrested and plundered by soldiers.
While final decisions on the preparatory process will be taken by Governments at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, the Committee emphasized the importance of early and timely contributions from the United Nations system.
B. Country visits
23. There are several weekly newspapers in the Territory in both the English and the Samoan languages.
Since all posts were fully encumbered during the period, actual expenditures for salaries and common staff costs were higher than budgeted, resulting in an over-expenditure of $27,400.
Bandwidth
This control is further exacerbated by migrants' frequent lack of community and family support and limited knowledge of the local language and legislation.
However, there are existing difficulties facing women when borrowing loans namely limited understanding and inadequate management skills and lack of capacity in formulating effective business and production plans. 13.4.
Procedures and institutional mechanisms for handling cases of non-compliance
Aware that combating racism and changing mentalities require long-term strategies, ECRI recommended that these efforts be maintained by all relevant authorities beyond the five-year National Action Plan against Racism.
Eq. (1) can be regarded as the equation for the uniform stress in a prismatic bar.
In charge of related HSE responsibility of this position.
The texts were also sent to the Depositary.
Contributions to collective works "Les titulaires de la Francisque" ("Vichy: the francisc men"), with Gérard Grunberg, in Le Gouvernement de Vichy 1940-1942, Presses de la Fondation Nationale des Sciences Politiques, Armand Colin, Paris, 1972, pp. 71-85.
94. Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and other international law instruments is widespread.
In order to deal with that unfortunate situation, it is of great importance to promote dialogue among peoples and civilizations, based on a spirit of tolerance and mutual understanding.
The introduction of appropriate educational and training programmes and seminars based on research findings about the problems arising from female circumcision;
These research findings were part of the reason the Bangladeshi government increased its health investments in its 2017-18 budget.
1. Recalls its decisions 2002/4, 2006/19 and 2008/17 on the country programme approval process;
The latter was unable to furnish sufficient proof of an alleged cash payment of 10,000 Swiss francs; the court accordingly allowed the main claim.
The international community must not falter in its quest for peace and security through preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and strategies for socio-economic development.
The fact is, peace is hard, but our people demand it.
484. Paid employment of child labour is prohibited and punishable by law.
It may be sufficient to draw attention to the Peace Road project between the towns of Renk and Malakal, linking the north of the Sudan with the south and costing US$ 150,000,000, funded equally by the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development and the Saudi Fund for Development.
If there is freight operation then was it on high speed railway or on ordinary railway?
Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 Jul 1951
44. Protection of physical integrity is at the core of human rights, and must also be taken into account when considering sanitation.
Taiwan Power Company F.C.
55. Under policy-making organs, an increase of $2,437,400 is projected.
By the end of 2002, China already had 20.83 million computers with internet connection and the total number of netizens reached 59.1 million, ranking second in the world.
26. There is a need for indigenous peoples to develop their own educational systems and curricula.
"(m) To implement the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners;
Each side has its own filter or frame of mind through which people perceive and make sense of the situations before them.
17. Invites the Bureau of the Preparatory Committee to prepare the draft outcome document of the Conference on the basis of inputs from broad regional and thematic consultations among all stakeholders and to circulate it no later than six months prior to the Conference;
The internet is rapidly stepping in the social development stage from the early virtual time.
Hongkou District
It has frequently taken the initiative of informing and warning certain countries in whose territory terrorists have been active.
2.13 On 13 January 2004, Law No. 266-3 "On the amnesty of certain categories of individuals that have committed crimes" was published.
12. While progress continues to be made on the ground, disciplinary issues among the Somali forces still pose a serious challenge.
EULEX supported and advised Kosovo Customs by joining Kosovo Customs staff in the designated control room at the National Centre for Border Management and at Rudnica/Jainjë (former Gate 1) with regard to facilitating the clearance of a number of trucks bound for northern Kosovo.
The Japanese made a descent upon our island.
 Taking note of the recommendation in his report of 7 June 1996 that the Security Council extend the mandate of the United Nations Peace-keeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP),
This last rule is a particular example of a broader principle enacted as a nonmandatory rule in many States and recommended by the Guide.
Try to find some partners practicing oral English together and English corner is a good place as where we may exchange English study experience widen our sight and improve interest in English
At the 5463rd meeting, the President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Iraq, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
Your mind becomes frozen, as it gets caught up in a web of convoluted negative thoughts.
Similarly, an amount of $110.1 million is indicated for transport in annex V, a figure that excludes staff costs for transport for which an increase of 203 per cent in additional posts is being requested in the Integrated Support Services section.
But if you build something that works well and give it connectivity, useful applications just seem to present themselves.
59. Objectives.
Developing countries would be entitled to exceed this ceiling rate by the higher of 15 percentage points or 15 per cent of the new bound rates if limited to two to six products in any given period.
It's ultimate objective is the combat power potential of an opposing force; IW can be used to blind air defense target acquisition systems, nullifying10 the combat power potential of those weapons.
Adama, I saw him drown the baby.
And the angel said to me, "Why do you wonder
In another study a possible association between breast milk concentrations of various organochlorine pesticides including beta-HCH and cryptorchidism was investigated.
Following is a question by the Hon Li Fung Ying and a written reply by the Secretary for the Civil Service, Miss Denise Yue, on the Government's vigilance to fortify the culture of integrity in the civil service in the Legislative Council today (February 8):
In order to further women's participation in employment, Southern Sudan encourages all employers to practice affirmative action when advertising for jobs and when employing.
Training programme management
Six people were reportedly killed and 48 abducted during those attacks, which also led to population displacements, including the movement of 33 refugees from the Central African Republic to Bondo in Orientale Province in March 2012.
Although independent organizations, we intend to speak as much as possible with one voice on humanitarian service issues, clearly and responsibly, on behalf of the most vulnerable and suffering people of the world.
20. The Working Group will continue to follow the work on the review of international civilian capacities to improve coordination to fill gaps in civilian capacity.
The controlling shareholders shall not directly or indirectly interfere with the company''s decisions or business activities conducted in accordance with laws; nor shall they impair the listed company''s or other shareholders'' rights and interests.
II. Background
Study on Application of New Technology of Sweet Persimmon Afforestation for Drought Resistance
Delighted with her work, they made her the general manager.
If they aren鈥檛 there the first time, chances are you won鈥檛 be needing them again.
The fact that the broadband dispersion compensation is analyzed by using the relative dispersion slope(RDS) theory is a certain limitation.
2. When the first Spanish missionaries came to Guam late in the seventeenth century, it was inhabited only by the indigenous people of Chamorros.
For Canada, the United States, Australia and New Zealand, estimates are based on arrivals/recognition during the past five years whereas, for most European countries, a 10-year period has been applied.
The Acting President: I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Didier Opertti, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Uruguay and former President of the General Assembly.
Members also noted the security transition and condemned recent terrorist attacks.
The programme will be implemented by UNCTAD and the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO.
The author maintains that the social worker investigated only the victim, her family and her community, enquiring about her morals, but leaving aside the three accused.
Besides, competition policy is a part of economic policy system, so its internationalization needs the coordination and cooperation of other economic policies.
He would respond to the other points raised in informal consultations.
Ms. Lee also recalled witnessing public executions during her childhood and being taught from kindergarten that Americans were the enemies of the people of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and were killing them.
Changing Consciousness and Behavior in All Places
Bus is not coming. She is so worried to be late
You look very serious about something.
Paul, these are the warm-up questions.
This is a responsible position, so we need to choose a candidate carefully.
The sample solution includes two projects.
Suddenly he fell ill and ran a high fever.
15. The Grand Court, which has unlimited jurisdiction in both criminal and civil cases, consists of a Chief Justice and such number of other judges as the law may from time to time prescribe.
By contrast, regrettably, extremist violence has not diminished.
Gaku Sano
States parties whose reports have been submitted but not yet considered by the Committee as at 1 May 2003
INDSTAT
16 Remington calibre 30-30 rifles
19. With regard to draft article 5 (Duty to cooperate), her delegation had no difficulty with a general reference to a duty to cooperate "as appropriate", provided that the implications did not go beyond the understanding of the concept as established in customary international law.
Shire of Croydon
There could be a personality conflict between yourself and your supervisor. Your idea of what the job was going to be like might differ from what management was thinking.
MALE REPORTER: Commander? Commander?
I don't have my summer tan yet.
China issued the 鈥淥pinions on Further Encouraging Foreign Investment at Present鈥?in August 1999, the revised 鈥淒irectory of Industries for Foreign Investment鈥?in March 2002, and the 鈥淐atalogue of Dominant Industries for Foreign Investment in the Central and Western Regions鈥?in June 2000.It clearly emphasizes that greater financial support will be extended to enterprises with foreign investment; encourages those enterprises to make technical innovations and increase domestic purchases; encourages foreign investors to invest in the central and western regions; and further improves the management and services for enterprises with foreign investment.
First, in anticipation of the end of the judges' current mandate on 16 November 2001 and at the proposal of the President of the Tribunal, the Secretary-General of the United Nations requested the General Assembly to hold the election for the permanent judges for the upcoming mandate covering the period from 12 November 2001 to 16 November 2005 on 16 April 2001.
What Italy’s Election Means for the EU
3 In its resolution 55/162 (para. 9), the General Assembly recognized that the implementation of the Millennium Declaration would require adequate financing at the national, regional and international levels.
The Group of 77 and China takes this opportunity to underscore the need for great mobilization and political will so that we will be able to adopt the protocol on access and benefit sharing and ensure that the post-2010 targets are able to be met through new, additional and sufficient financial resources and the transfer of technology to developing countries.
 4. IFOR will continue to execute its mission in an even-handed manner.
Several good practices in the implementation of article 38 were noted in the thematic report on chapter III of the Convention (CAC/COSP/2013/7).
In a dozen States, restitution was paid in some cases.
If you and miss out on important deadlines and also don't care about being on time then expect a rude awakening during review time.
According to a Goldman analysis, 15% of First Horizon's home-equity loans, or 5% of all its loans, were made by outside parties.
Tentative workplan for the first regular session 2015 of the Executive Board of UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS
didnt like the taste of the medicine,but I took it anyway.
At the 3901st meeting of the Security Council, held on 2 July 1998, in connection with the Council's consideration of the item entitled "The situation in Croatia", the President of the Security Council made the following statement on behalf of the Council:
Archival records identified on-site at UNMEE, UNMIL, and MINUCI for immediate or future transfer to Headquarters, New York, for preservation and research use by the Organization and Member States
No appeal will be accepted. The decisions of the referee on the spot will be final.
Community - owned governments push control of services out of the bureaucracy and into the community.
In that connection, the expert underscores the link between that duty and the IMF's decisive role with regard to poverty trends in one country studied: Belarus (see section V, para. 95).
The sharing of the world's resources, including water and food, was also a major problem.
The Council also requested the President of the Council to invite the Rapporteur of the Committee drafting group on the draft declaration to participate in the first session of the working group, which was held from 15 to 19 July 2013.
While noting the adoption of Security Council resolutions 1540 (2004) and 1673 (2006), NAM underlines the need to ensure that no action by the Security Council undermines the United Nations Charter, the existing multilateral treaties on weapons of mass destruction, the international agreed organizations established in this regard, or the all-encompassing role of the General Assembly.
Note 2 : the wind CengSan valley with golden international film festival in 1987.
96. Given that, in most countries, a significant proportion of urban-dwellers live in relatively small urban centres, there is a remarkable lack of documentation on environmental problems other than those in the largest cities.
He just can''t stop talking, and nobody else has a chance to get a word in the conversation.
Say thank you to Lady Chat'ley!
He culled the rotten apples from each box.
Brunei Darussalam
In conjunction with the overall improvement of the Department, the recommendations made in the peer review report are in the process of implementation.
Effect of different staining methods on the analysis of DNA content by flow cytometry
 The total value of all debt-conversion deals in Africa between 1984 and 1992 was $820 million. 34/ The bulk of this reduction was achieved by a simple sale of the debt at a heavy discount which accordingly reduced the borrowing country's liability.
Mr. Hassan (Sudan) (spoke in Arabic): I would like to explain the votes of the member States of the League of Arab States in connection with draft resolution A/C.1/64/L.50, entitled "Transparency in armaments".
The decisions and recommendations of those bodies are then forwarded to the Assembly for its consideration and approval.
Opening of the session
The teacher preferred not to impart their knowledge to students, but let them remember, there is no such thing as foolproof.
8 February 1995
Since 2002, member of CERD and in 2004 appointed special coordinator on follow-up to CERD concluding observations and recommendations
The physical relationship was consensual, an independent inquiry found.
BIC noted that shops and other businesses were shut down in over 20 cities and towns throughout the country, and plainclothes agents and others persisted in attacking Bahá'í homes and cemeteries with total impunity.
The regional administrative committee on coordination would be a useful mechanism for addressing a number of regional issues, including follow-up to the global conferences and programmes on post-conflict reconstruction developments in Africa.
Storage and supply of 5.1 million litres of petrol, oil and lubricants for 1,067 United Nations-owned vehicles and 1,477 contingent-owned vehicles
European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN )
The total of outstanding assessed contributions for all peacekeeping missions at that date amounted to $1.7 billion.
Will the world market absorb production in excess of domestic needs at profitable prices?
It's easy to say "make a joke of it, " but it's hard to do when you're feeling angry, scared, bored, or upset.
Security Council Web site of the presidency
(iii) Allocations from other funds represent monies appropriated or designated from one fund for transfer to and disbursement from another fund;
:: There are also several provisions of human rights law that are applicable to the matter of deportation.
21. From 15 July to 28 August, Iraq's election commission, supported by UNAMI, successfully conducted its nationwide voter registration update in all of the governorates.
In addition all local governments have funds to assist children in difficult conditions to continue with education free of charge.
1. Commends the Secretary-General for the publication of the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS) in the six official languages of the United Nations, in book form and on CDROM, and the availability of that and related material on the website of the secretariat of the Economic Commission for Europe;
OHCHR 1 027 2.5 1 127 2.7 100
The effect of transfer pricing on overseas and national tax liabilities
The state protects normal religious activities and the lawful rights and interests of the religious circles.
It gave the civil society representatives and other participants from all regions of the world, especially from Europe, an opportunity to highlight their work and coordinate their responses to recent developments.
Draft decisions, including the workplan for 2015
Students who take part in this scheme not only gain hands-on industrial experience in their areas of study, but also accumulate credits and practicum hours contributing to future studies and job search.
When I created the acronym, I had not expected that a political club of the leaders of the BRIC countries would be formed as a result.
If you did't let it out ,I would tell you the truth
Poverty and unemployment had exacerbated changes in the traditional family structure; in the Caribbean subregion, there was a surge in single-parent families, mainly headed by women; parents held multiple jobs and had little time for their children, and there was growing alienation and despair among children and youth.
A specific date and time after which no applications to pre-qualify or applications for pre-selection or submissions may be accepted by the procuring entity for examination and evaluation.
That increase includes 17 proposed reclassifications from the national officer (11) and general service (six) levels.
Clarifying the role of the new PBSO with DPA and other Headquarters departments; and
[The briefing is open to parliamentarians attending the general debate of the General Assembly as part of national delegations.
Adopts the revised guidelines for the technical review of greenhouse gas inventories from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention, contained in the annex to this decision;1
The Chairperson also highlighted the importance for the Working Group of exploring means through which its work could best complement that of the special rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights.
Police to police cooperation is done, but on an informal basis, that is, no documentation is supplied.
Cells at Work!
17. The amounts owed to UNIDO by the United States are as follows:
John Onaiyekan
(29) The Committee recommends that the State party continue consulting and expanding its dialogue with organizations of civil society working in the area of human rights protection, in particular in combating racial discrimination, in connection with the preparation of the next periodic report and the follow-up to these concluding observations.
FAO
The Division presented its work on elements of national legislation on piracy, pursuant to the Convention, to Government officials at a workshop on legal training for counter-piracy operations, organized by IMO and the Office and held in Djibouti in March 2011.
215. The Department of Peacekeeping Operations completed a survey of the structure and qualifications needed for a contingent-owned equipment unit in peacekeeping missions.
1. How long have you work here
Then Moses became very angry and said to the Lord, "Do not regard their offering! I have not taken a single donkey from them, nor have I done harm to any of them."
They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions; greater than all the differences of birth or wealth or faction.
 45. The interim secretariat has been developing an information system as a support service to its activities (for example, the above-mentioned review of information and technical cooperation activities), as well as to Governments and other participants in the Convention process.
make or become less The  Rhine River The Rhine River is one of the most important waterways in Germany and is linked by canals to other major rivers in Western Europe
The lists are available from the website of the Committee.
And the company is prepared preparing to open its own stores , like its compacter competitor Apple.
Recording change of shareholders on the record of shareholders referred to in the previous Paragraph may not be carried out for a period of 30 days prior to the holding of a meeting of shareholders' general committee, or 5 days prior to the record date for the purpose of dividend distribution determined by the company.
In the individual consumption decision - making, approximately half numbers of investigations objects lack of the plan . 2.
In addition to the threat to human lives, unexploded ordnance poses an obstacle to the return of displaced families, access to housing and agriculture activities affecting the livelihoods of the population of southern Lebanon.
I bet he's got a big dick .
In politics, power and popularity are not synonymous.
4. The system of government is presidential which means, among other things, that the President is responsible for maintaining relations with international human rights bodies and based on the separation of powers into executive, legislative and judicial branches.
We also make discuss on improving business process and improving schedule by strategy cost management.
The leaves, still green, were tossed off the hedgerow trees by the wind.
sure whether l should meet him at the airport.
The Permanent Mission of Latvia to the United Nations in New York presents its compliments to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1718 (2006) and, referring to its letter dated 7 February 2011, has the honour to convey information on the implementation of the provisions of resolution 1874 (2009).
Put the scraps of paper in the wastepaper basket.
The Law on the Protection of the Rights and Interests of the Elderly, Law on Maternal and Infant Health Care, Law on the Protection of Minors, Law on the Protection of the Disabled and other laws reinforce the protection of special groups.
Lists of Permanent Representatives to the United Nations
Joel: They say it's going to be a beautiful, sunny day!
Your portrait of professor Crookly was too striking.
The Committee is expected to further discuss and formulate, during its second session, the type of outcome desired for the High-level Event.
(a) International trade
One of the outcomes of this project is "Reduced level of cultural tolerance for violence against women and girls."
Take the time to do what you need to do and do it now!
This initiative seeks to channel the productive contribution of migrants not only to their families but also to the communities of origin.
After the polls to see whether there was an equal payment between men and women, the anonymity was kept, but women was not of the opinion that there was inequality in payment for equal job positions.
(f) Implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development
Advice to the National Commission for Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration on the design and implementation of disarmament and demobilization procedures for the FNL
Equality and non-discrimination are fundamental principles in Vietnamese law, serving as the foundation for the promotion and protection for human rights in each specific field.
UNODC also participated in the practitioners' meeting on legal aid programming in Africa, organized jointly by UNDP and UNICEF and held in Senegal in June 2010.
This also applies to students with dependent children.
Independent Director
(Item 5 (a))
Carrie trembled for her out of the fulness of her own sympathies and fear.
Zhang ailing ever said a very incisive word: There are two roses in every mans heart: one is red rose and the other is a white rose
For small countries such as Grenada, attending international conferences presents a paradox.
My friend speaks several languages.
Cape Verde 3 September 1986
The second section focuses on different sectors such as water resources, agriculture, health, coastal zones, ecosystems and forestry.
17 July 1996
The working out of this decision will take the Earth time it takes.
2009 HKCEE Working Guidelines for Classroom Invigilators
We recognize that these regimes, disciplines, commitments and considerations have presented challenges to many developing countries seeking to fashion a national response to the financial and economic crisis.
Parties may wish to consider this list, bearing in mind the work on issues relating to joint implementation (JI) (item 6 of the provisional agenda) and work in relation to the second review of the Kyoto Protocol pursuant to its Article 9 (item 13 of the provisional agenda).
5. Half-day discussion on the Asian region.
Each Government Department shall adapt this instrument to its intervention areas and apply it to every step of the process of political decision.
83. Developing-country Governments have a key role to play in accelerating progress.
Our Welsh Development Agency has set up an office in China.
55. Requests the Committee to facilitate, through the Monitoring Team or specialized United Nations agencies, assistance on capacitybuilding for enhancing implementation of the measures, upon request by Member States;
S/2002/804
To promote cultural, educational and religious awareness among women
Annex VI
The regional dimension of prosperity has long been ignored in the Arab world.
Building a new socialist rural party in the new era is the solution to our"three agricuhural"strategic move.
4. Recommends that the General Assembly consider the report of the mission;
The books were printed and bound in plastic.
Results Malignant level is high, the rate misdiagnosis is high, the case of late period is much, the curative effect and prognosis is bad.
Nevertheless, the advanced Jurisprudence in America backed up the revival of functional comparison in Germany after the war.
This paper introduces a kind of new packing adhesive - High - pressure copolymerized starch paste.
87. In the field of rehabilitation and reactivation of the Ministry of Agriculture, there are four projects.
1. Human resources
Then there is the issue of home advantage.
(ii) In the case of low-risk entities, producing an opinion (short-form report) only, with any exceptional matters included in a long-form report in accordance with regulation 7.11;
You make me want to be a better man.
Germany (Zingst)
Note by the Secretariat
258. During the period under review, no information was received by the Working Group from the Government concerning the outstanding cases.
In response to Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/46 which called for the regular holding of regional consultations among United Nations organizations, the first of such consultations on Africa was held in Nairobi in March 1999.
All right captain i know you said that johnny tapia was hands -
Thomas - Irving , who has no prior criminal record, denies the charges.
Fifty-eighth session
(d) Cases are processed at a slow pace;
Second, the joint venture would have sold these volumes at the GSPs that prevailed during Iraq's occupation of Kuwait.
The diagnosis of hepatic hydrothorax should be suspected in a patient with established cirrhosis and portal hypertension, presenting with a unilateral pleural effusion, most commonly right-sided.
Cor anglais
A small group was seen to draw apart from the others and move off into the forest.
And with their ultra-sensitive noses and compact size, rats could one day replace dogs as the go-to for sniffing out bombs, biothreats and even disaster survivors.
Moved to press releases, press conferences and news articles
Netherlands
Water, electricity and telecommunication services have been severely disrupted, complicating relief efforts.
The adoption and opening for signature of the Ottawa Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti—Personnel Mines and on Their Destruction is a cause for great satisfaction to the Mexican Government.
ACHIEVING THE AIMS OF THE NAIROBI ACTION PLAN:
In 1999, after the two-year statute of limitations on the appeal against the attestation had run out, the petitioner went to the Tribunal de Grande Instance in Bunia and obtained an enforcement order to evict the population living on that illegally acquired territory, if necessary using military force.
The main subchronic toxic effect of alachlor appears to be haematotoxicity.
Our trade embargo against the Government of Cuba is a matter of bilateral trade policy and not an issue that the General Assembly should consider.
She observed it, made a mouth at him and gave him the back of her head for the space of a minute
Which Olympic Games did China first bid for    2000 Olympic Games.
I am speaking about our experience only to say that in this world of hate, violence, intolerance and extremism, there are some oases of tolerance, peace and tranquillity that deserve to be the source of new energy.
The Court observes that, in the words of the Convention, those Regulations were prepared "to revise the general laws and customs of war" existing at that time.
Nobody can bring us swiftly,painlessly into the promised land.
Net change
Certainly, UNMIK Regulation No. 2001/27 on the Essential Labour Law in Kosovo is based on the International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work aimed at promoting and realizing their universal application in good faith.
Croatia estimated that 175 anti-personnel mines would be needed in 2006.
The condition or quality of being banal; triviality.
Nepal
all the architectural works selected in this issue are not big , but very meaningful.
A number of experts submitted non-papers which enriched the discussions.
3. Requests the administering Power and relevant international organizations to continue to support the efforts of the territorial Government to address the Territory's socio-economic development challenges, including unemployment, and limited transport and communications infrastructure;
Her delegation was concerned about the concept of ratings based on several weighted criteria, including competencies and urged the establishment of controls in that area.
[06:58.93]B: [07:00.72]A:Glad you like it.
Media Centre  Supporting Media
BAR domain
The Shin Bet security service suggested holding them as bargaining chips under the Unlawful Combatants Law.
User qvy-N
(a) United Nations
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics (E/CN.3/2011/17)
One third of the population lives and works in the bustling, modern, capital city of Athens.
Education systems and labour markets are key elements of a learning economy.
"The Council notes that, in your letter, you indicated that you are in the process of seeking the consent of the concerned troop and policecontributing countries for the temporary redeployment and transfers you have recommended.
The first activity was the signature, in November, of an agreement with UNODC that kicked off training activities to be carried out, with the support of the Embassy of Canada, in the Province of Kandahar, Afghanistan; as part of those activities, approximately 140 individuals in the justice sector will be trained and the Provincial Justice Initiative will be implemented in Kandahar.
Number of persons
May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/60/L.27, as orally revised?
S: Don't I know it.
His manner was quiet, his speech deliberate .
The programme works in synergy with the local actions of the National Programme for Public Safety with Citizenship (PRONASCI).
69. Acquiring the information resources needed has traditionally meant owning printed collections; technological innovations have transformed this process, and increasing amounts of information can now be delivered through other non-print media such as microforms and on-line databases.
The World Food Programme is holding crisis talks to decide what aid to halt if new donations do not arrive in the short term.
Although, April had seen a 1 per cent rise in eurozone industrial production, the underlying trend in the data has been flat or declining since the start of this year.
29. Expresses its appreciation to the Kingdom of Morocco for having organized, in collaboration with ICDT, a workshop on the "role of tourism in economic cooperation among the OIC Member States" in Casablanca on 14th and 15th June 2005.
Is this true, even of good foodsNo, eating the same things every day - especially healthy foods - won't affect you adversely, and your body won't become toxic as a result.
" The knight replied, " If you permit me to ride out on the bravest and wisest, the great horse Knowing-one, only then can I win the battle.
There is talk of wealth of the spirit but only union with nature can offer such wealth.
59. Newly funded activities not included in the original workplan shall be circulated by the secretariat at the request of the Chair for approval by the TEC.
In addition, it is engaged in red ware pottery artware's development and production.
Subscription and standing orders: $1,200.
Summary of the process
What a persuasive power that girl had!
REGULATION 6
At its fifty-fourth session, the Pension Board took note of the recommendation of the Investments Committee that the Secretary-General study the opportunities for introducing private equity and real return asset classes and report to it in 2008 on any concrete proposals he may arrive at for the introduction of new asset classes, after due consultation with the Investments Committee. Following an alternative investments study conducted by Mercer Investment Consulting Inc., a report dated 30 April 2008 was submitted to the Investment Committee at its 196th meeting on 5 May 2008.
40. In view of the growing relative importance of the tourism sector at the Arab level and the competition which it faces at the international level, the leaders highlight the need for all bodies and agencies concerned with inter-Arab tourism and tourist development to stimulate inter-Arab tourism and attract more foreign tourism to the Arab region by promoting investment in this sector and in matters relating to transport services between Arab States and to facilities for entrance to those States.
It was engaged in preparing a national action plan on all aspects of human rights based on the recommendation of the World Conference on Human Rights.
Documentation of all steps involved in the calculations referred to in subparagraph above.
The Committee, at its third session, in February 1998, recommended that United Nations system entities, both individually and collectively through the Committee, should closely monitor progress and, if necessary, provide inputs into ACC statistical work, the application of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) list of indicators for common country assessments and other initiatives endorsed by the Statistical Commission to ensure that gender equality issues are fully addressed.
28. The Gibraltar (Constitution) Order of 1969 guarantees the protection of the fundamental rights and freedoms of the individual and the maintenance of a Supreme Court with unlimited jurisdiction to hear and determine any civil or criminal proceedings under any law and with such jurisdiction and powers as are conferred upon it by the Constitution of Gibraltar or any other law.
Of particular concern are situations where the independence of the judiciary is affected, and where emergency powers are granted to military or special courts or commissions to try civilians, thus violating the guarantees of the right to a fair trial.
4 May 1995
China and others are entering the tricky middle-income stage of development in which the big advances from absorbing rich-world technology start to run out.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/56/L.59 and Add.1)]
However, according to the information we have gleaned from the official website and official statements made by the leadership of that country, we have concluded that the military budget of Azerbaijan for 2007 is about $900 million, while in 2006 it was about $700 million.
10.30 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 10
Limit exposure to advertising during peak viewing hours for children;
Maintenance Technology Research of Metal Vessel and Heat Insulation in Daqing Oilfield
I've met your father and he's rather nice.
Peacekeeping could not resolve all problems relating to international peace and security, nor was it a substitute for national and local processes of reconciliation.
Issue of communiqués concerning closed meetings The Committee may decide to issue communiqués, through the Secretary-General, for the use of the information media and the general public regarding its activities under article 20 of the Convention.
Samaritan Community Center Secours populaire libanais
I hate to gush, but it is Valentine's Day.
They are enjoying booby's birthday party.
He would therefore adjourn the meeting so that delegations could try to reach agreement on the basis of consensus.
The production and business operation entities shall report, according to the relevant provisions of the state, the substantial hazardous sources and the corresponding safety measures and emergency measures to the administrative department and other relevant departments of the local people's government in charge of the supervision and administration of production safety for archivist purposes.
 13. Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the Commission at its fifty-third session containing an inventory and an analysis of the availability of technical cooperation in the field of human rights from all sources, both multilateral and bilateral, and to request relevant information from such sources;
Cape Verde
I think she's a cancer patient.
(c) Sixteen posts in the Field Service category would be met by the redeployment of field service telecommunications posts from the Field Operations Division for the operation of the satellite network.
Based on the foregoing, the Panel determines that there is no basis for applying an adjustment to the D6 loss type.
And where mought you have come from
To the Area Security Coordination Unit, Erbil
The issue was considered from three concurrent perspectives: compliance with national laws; identifiable needs and quality control; and limitations on conditions under international law and national law.
Arkansas : a state of the south central US; capital, Little Rock.
ICBL member organisations in over 60 countries participated in an effort to promote accession to the Convention by the USA.
b.p.
Introduction
The lower number can be attributed to the lack of Darfur Land Commission representatives in certain Darfur states
Between the periods 1950-1955 and 2005-2010, the difference between female and male life expectancy increased from 2.7 years to 4.5 years.
Partnership for development
Richard Wagner
We're talking months,not minutes.
Paragraph 21 of the draft resolution indicated that the Secretariat was to continue to work within existing resources, and the draft resolution had no financial implications.
If you want to sort the values into a different order override this property.
I should be grateful if the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda item 64 (b), "Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms".
In 2007, these ranks were 66 and 122 respectively.
Both indicators are provided by the United Nations Survey.
The applicants check in with House who orders thyroid tests.
Report of the Secretary-General*
States are also required to establish a national authority to be responsible for national tasks in implementation. Rights and Obligations of Persons
It should consolidate its 400-plus projects into four-to-five major technical cooperation programmes centred on overarching themes, with a view to maximizing impact and increasing efficiency and coherence.
At its tenth meeting, the JISC decided:
I am thinking, of course, of the peach before I ate it.
End the congressional ban on oil and exploration offshore.
The report of the Secretary-General to the fifty-second session of the General Assembly notes that "the continuation and strengthening of the ... embargo ..., including its extraterritorial effects, is affecting in different ways the difficult economic recovery process initiated in 1994" (see document A/52/342, p.33), with three principal effects: (a) the embargo raises the risks and costs for foreign investment capital; (b) it increases the difficulties for Cuba of negotiating debt settlements and credit with public and commercial creditors; and (c) it maintains conditions that raise the costs of sourcing, financing and transporting imports.
To this end, Parties have been briefed, comments have been sought, meeting reports and documents distributed widely and posted on the joint working group's web site (http://ahjwg.chem.unep.ch)
The challenge of job scheduling with incomplete job information in the non-cooperative grid platform.
Advancement of women
Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict
79. Another key issue in combating THB is the carrying out of assessments of trends in THB and collecting reliable statistics.
61. The discussion participants also pointed out once again that access to quality education plays a vital role in combatting discrimination and in building the capacity of minorities to participate in the political, social and economic life of the countries in which they live.
Preparations are now under way for Americas TELECOM-96, which will be held at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 10 to 15 June 1996.
72. The follow-up of the agenda for development should give equal importance to substantive and institutional issues.
The early critical theorists turned to art in an attempt to emancipate us from the grip of technology in modern industrialized society.
6.3.4          Design and development review At suitable stages, systematic reviews of design and development shall be performed in accordance with planned arrangements (see 7.3.1) a)       to evaluate the ability of the results of design and development to meet requirements, and b)       to identify any problems and propose necessary actions.
10. In accordance with the request of the Security Council, UNOMB has drawn up a Mission liquidation plan.
In normal times, I find the mere cancellation of a stray lunch enough to make me feel happy and lucky all day long.
These huge military expenditure will undoubtly increase the deficit and national debt, which is much smaller than the gap of the benefits to the old.
Sughra Shafi Medical Complex has treated some 1.5 million patients, focusing on maternal and child health, tuberculosis and epidemiology (Goals 4, 5 and 6).
They suggested that UNDP plan more activities in collaboration with other development partners.
Fewer girls than boys survived into adulthood because of harmful attitudes and practices, such as son preference resulting in prenatal sex selection and female infanticide, female genital mutilation, early marriage including child marriage, violence, sexual exploitation and abuse, discriminatory food allocation and other practices related to health and well-being.
 1. Takes note of the technical and financial support provided by the secretariat to Parties, particularly developing country Parties, to enhance their capacity to effectively implement their commitments under the Convention;
31. Article 24 on the applicability of summary procedure states that judicial protection against any discriminatory practices which involve violations of fundamental rights and freedoms may be applied for by means of the procedure provided for in article 53, paragraph 2, of the Constitution under the conditions laid down by law (article 53, paragraph 2, of the Constitution refers to judicial procedure based on the principles of preferential and summary treatment).
This is consistent with the strategies of the Office of Information and Communications Technology and the Department of Field Support and disaster recovery plan and business continuity strategies.
Babies who sleep with their parents receive much more tactile stimulation than babies who sleep in a cot.
Childbirth practices 22. Since it is the custom for childbirth to take place in the home, particularly in the interior of the country, the Minister of Health has organized training programmes for traditional midwives in areas lacking welfare centres.
More disturbing is the opposition displayed by various national and international private economic interests to the full enjoyment of indigenous rights.
She spoke with that gentle infinitesimal inflexion of mockery which descended to her from her mother.
It also identified areas where the working group will have to discuss and submit detailed proposals in advance of the next Plenary meeting.
Robert Burns
Note by the Secretariat
7锛?All things are difficult before they are easy.
And since it is protected by its neighbors, the little oak doesnt sense the need to spread its roots for support.
On the principle of “one curriculum framework for all”, generally, the ordinary  school curriculum framework will guide curriculum development in special schools.
A direct, unqualified assertion about the benefits of free trade has now been transformed into a statement adorned by all kinds of ifs and buts.
It was so decided.
Singapore has taken a multi-pronged approach to ameliorate the potential dangers of the new, interlinked challenge of terrorism and WMD proliferation.
Edmund BurkeReflecting on the repercussions of the French Revolution, Edmund Burke observed that the age of chivalry was gone, replaced by one of economists and calculators (the human sort).
It occurred to him to tell the colonel of the problem.
But cross me and you'll discover that under this playful boyish exterior beats the heart of a ruthless sadistic maniac.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the related reports of that Committee (A/56/887 and Add.1-10 and A/56/902).
ABC's Baghdad correspondent Terry McCarthy praised the bravery and contributions of Iraqi camera crews, and he said the loss of the two journalists "hurt
41. The provision under this heading reflects requirements for medical logistics support for AMISOM focused on developing and improving the capability of each of the contingents in Mogadishu.
220. Similarly disquieting is the fact that for more than 30 million women each year, pregnancy and childbirth mean unnecessary suffering, ill-health or death.
Management Information System (paras. 78-80)
He noted that conditions of custody in the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) were particularly appalling, amounting to inhuman and degrading treatment, in violation of articles 7 and 10 of the ICCPR.
Then there is the instruction of God's Word.
Principal methods used for fixing wages
31. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-fifth session, under the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East", the sub-item entitled "United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon".
In a dangerous situation, you should get away.
I expect good communication during the project to ensure the product is designed to meet expectations.
United Nations agencies, including the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, the United Nations Development Programme, the World Food Programme and the United Nations Children's Fund, brought help and opportunity to hundreds of thousands of Palestinians who desperately needed them.
São Teotónio
Mandate: GA res. 61/115, para. 6
The steering committee held its first meeting on 31 October under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Siniora.
' An hour afterwards Luigi Vampa was chosen captain, vice Cucumetto deceased.
 On 2 October, the first chemical group members arrived at Baghdad.
Countries ensure that their macroeconomic and public expenditure frameworks support and appropriately prioritize the implementation of national AIDS action frameworks and annual priority AIDS action plans.
We got the news before the English cla that some foreign teachers from a middle school in New York would visit our cla
31. These challenges can be encountered at various stages of engagement with non-State service providers.
We are all Taiwanese people.
Gender Focal Points - to oversee the integration of gender perspective in all policies and programmes developed in ministries and other government institutions and bodies at national, regional and community levels.
Annual report
There are also five women officers, including two doctors and three nurses, in the Malaysian medical unit.
Has a group of experienced and professional planning and creative design, advocating a new concept of cultural business etiquette.
Achieved.
18.According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turnover you could fulfill 19.The market situation is not known to us
8. Provide technical assistance and capacity- building for the environmental management of water and sanitation in urban areas of selected developing countries.
27 Group of 21 (CD/1388).
Grim Rock
The cantata has a difficult vocal score.
During major traditional Tibetan festivals and celebrations, such as the Tibetan New Year, the Sholton Festival, the Great Butter Festival and the Wangkor Festival, varied and colorful folk song and dance performances can be seen all over Tibet.
7. On 24 March 2010, the Human Rights Council had adopted three resolutions pertaining to settlements, the right to self-determination and grave Israeli human rights violations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Joint Inspection Unit entitled "Policies of United Nations system organizations towards the use of open source software in the secretariats" (A/60/665) and comments of the Secretary-General and those of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination thereon (A/60/665/Add.1).
Wall Street has lost some sex appeal.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 8 of its report (A/65/414) (resolution 65/89).
have nothing to do6.
Ms. Lemieux (Canada): I am privileged to speak today on behalf of Canada, Australia and New Zealand (CANZ).
Another representative pointed out that, under its Article 13, paragraph 3, the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer required regional economic integration organizations to declare formally the extent of their competence and to inform the Depositary of any substantial modification to the extent of that competence, and the European Community was requested to deposit a formal declaration with the Depositary to that effect, clearly establishing that it had the competence to bind its 25 members.
In particular, the Secretary-General's very timely visit to Pakistan was appreciated by the international community.
The research also is serving to explore how the nature of the issue (violence, care, political participation or inheritance rights, for example) might influence those processes and outcomes.
List of Graduates
The Synthesis of Recognition in a Concept.
But then Captain Kirk kicks in and they interpret these through a prism of personal experience, with its predilections, prejudices, doubts, and fears.
62. Food and nutrition security.
The propitious objections in 2008 Beijing Olympic Games are beibei,jingjing,yingying and nini.
Indian assistance projects in the Palestinian Authority include the construction and establishment of the Jawaharlal Nehru Library at the Al-Azhar University in Gaza City and the Mahatma Gandhi Library and student activity centre at the Palestinian Technical College at Deir Al-Balah in the Gaza Strip.
We are jogging in the corridor of time, but one day, it's will be over .
And for a wizard who spent his later years pleading for tolerance, he wasn\'t exactly broad-minded when he was younger
In 2014 the Panel travelled to 10 States to conduct investigations concerning alleged violations and/or to discuss issues relating to the implementation of the sanctions regime.
35. During the reporting period, indiscriminate, mass-casualty terrorist attacks continued throughout Iraq, except in the Kurdistan Region, killing and injuring scores of civilians.
For us in Belize, our minds are imbued with the democratic process, our hearts beat with social justice and our souls cherish the treasures of the spirit.
However, from a system-wide perspective, the Inspectors conclude that more efforts need to be made to further develop and strengthen a United Nations common system culture supportive of mobility.
Contracting Parties could include such a clause in national legislation, which may serve to increase private insurance involvement in the scheme.
Such rights shall rest with the person(s) who has (have) the legal custody of the child.
More than 23,000 people were trained at vocational training centres in Mongolia in 2005 and 2006, 65 per cent of whom were women.
(b) Support the central review body module in the Nucleus system;
BRA
The Ministry of Social Affairs issued Decree No. 1144 of 26 June 2011 to lay out the rules of procedure for facilities that care for human trafficking victims.
Please do not use the airsickness bag for garbage, sir; that's not what it's for.
The contrary is true insofar as the basic concept in Islam is "the rights of the servants of God [human individuals]" since remissness in regard to the rights of God is easier to remedy than violations of the rights of His servants.
I'm afraid you'll have to drive me home, I'm as high as a kite.
Whether the alarm depends on software control in order to fulfil the requirements of this standard.
The tunes, too , match the two - part, four - line format.
54. Recalls its resolutions on dialogue among civilizations and the culture of peace, and requests the Department of Public Information, while ensuring the pertinence and relevance of subjects for promotional campaigns on this issue, to continue to provide the support necessary for the dissemination of information pertaining to dialogue among civilizations and the culture of peace, as well as the initiative on the Alliance of Civilizations, and to take due steps in fostering the culture of dialogue among civilizations, promoting a world against violence and violent extremism in accordance with General Assembly resolution 68/127 of 18 December 2013, and promoting cultural understanding, tolerance, respect for and freedom of religion or belief and effective enjoyment by all of all human rights and civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development;
Serbia made an active contribution to the elaboration of the document entitled "A world fit for children" from the time of its readmission to the United Nations in 2000.
The report draws the General Assembly's attention to the potential advantages and drawbacks of each of the variants for its consideration.
Burmese flapshell turtle
Recognizing that the interrelationship between ocean activities, such as shipping and fishing, and environmental issues needs further consideration,
Definitions
I moved him, the old man said
 However, that provision had been revoked in article 332 of the Penal Code, which originally had dealt only with abandonment by the wife.
Mr Jackson said, Let Tom do this work.Jean said,  He is a boy.
Details of the IIQAS requirements have been summarized in the IIQAS Fact Sheet.
It was a serious issue, of critical importance to human health and the environment.
These efforts would reflect and support the important international norm established by the Convention.
Solutions must be found through sustained national dialogue, the patient search for compromise, and within the framework of the Constitution.
The Chairman of the Board of Auditors
 We congratulate the United Nations and the Cambodians on a job well done. 89.56 per cent of Cambodian voters, undaunted by violence and threats of violence, have spoken loud and clear that they want peace and reconciliation.
399 BC
The Special Rapporteur has addressed this topic extensively in his previous reports to the Human Rights Council, bearing in mind that the international definition of the "refugee" is a person who leaves his or her country of origin for a "well-founded fear of persecution" (see A/HRC/4/15, A/62/264, A/HRC/7/20, A/63/322 and A/HRC/10/18).
This server is designed to be scalable, manageable, and highly configurable from day one.
SATIN STITCH COMPENSATION  satin stitch length can be enlarged or shortened.
Now this format an international standard after the world of consumer benefit.
It also argued that the Council should apply the spirit of Article 44 of the United Nations Charter.
General function of space object
Finally, I wish to announce that, since the publication of draft resolution A/57/L.58/Rev.1, the following countries have joined the list of sponsors: Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Cuba, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Ecuador, Fiji, Gabon, Grenada, India, Indonesia, Japan, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Malaysia, Mali, the Marshall Islands, Mauritania, Myanmar, Nauru, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Togo, Viet Nam and Zambia.
The experimental results showed that the viscosity of thickener descended with the increasing of initiator but the viscosity index rose.
Reiterates its call to all member States for continued financial support to the United Nations Human Settlements Programme through increased voluntary contributions and invites more Governments and other stakeholders to provide predictable multi-year funding and to increase nonearmarked contributions to support the implementation of the strategic plan for 2014 - 2019;
He was ordered to keep his face down on the floor, which was covered in urine, faeces, blood and vomit, and was forced to stay in this position for many hours.
28-30 October, Lima
120. At 0100 hours, an armed terrorist group broke into the Schlumberger oil company in the village of Marat in Khisham subdistrict, ransacking it and stealing four vehicles.
Mr. Chairman,International terrorism is a serious problem confronting the international community and a grave threat to international peace and security, so it is in our common interest to combat international terrorism.
Felps said he was inspired to investigate workplace conflict by his wife's experience with a "bad apple" and what happened when the worker was out sick for several days.
An obligation can be sustained on the basis of the payment schedule included in the signed contract with the contractor.
It also elaborates on the theories, methods and measures of process control.
Flamecrest
There is an opportunity for free education at technical and vocational secondary educational institutions, as well as at higher levels.
" "I've seen it happen so many times that I'm absolutely certain.
That's what one expert says is needed to solve Japan's baby shortage
Notes to the Financial Statements
46. The unspent balance was attributable primarily to: (a) the transfer of 301 vehicles from MINURCAT, resulting in the cancellation of the planned acquisition of 22 vehicles and the exclusion of freight costs for the 199 vehicles purchased but not delivered in 2011/12; and (b) reduced requirements for operation and maintenance fees for the fuel turnkey contract (the actual amount was $2.3 million against the budgeted $3.7 million), coupled with delays in the construction of fuel storage facilities at various locations.
82. In this regard, from time to time refurbishments are carried out in the Detention Centres to improve the living conditions for the detainees.
Saint-Solve
Additionally, the UNCTAD study on the impacts that climate change policies, in particular the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol, have on the countries of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) was welcomed.
According to the commission, 75 per cent of planes flying in the Democratic Republic of the Congo are over 30 years old and are not properly maintained.
i. Medical disposables (contaminated) collection and disposal systemb
By the time the Nazi regime collapsed 12 years later at the end of World War Two, tens of millions of people in Europe and the Soviet Union were dead, including six million Jews murdered in Nazi death camps.
(ii) Statistical information on groups at a disadvantage with regard to housing 386 - 394 84
List of Advisory Committee members and duration of terms of membership
The Independent Expert believes that the mandates of a significant number of mandate holders are of relevance to the situation of Somalia.
Look at their remaining schedule vs . ours.
In China, about ten minority peoples have the tradition of eating Muslim food.
What I mean by that is that the technology is arriving. It's almost a done deal20.
Chapter 18
Sandy:May I have some cheese and biscuits please, dad?
T. Recommendation (paragraph 150) 77-79 16
A few cases concern juveniles who were among some 100 children whose detention under TADO during 2005 had been documented.
Case 1375: NYC IV(2); V(2)(b)
To solve these problems, the author has put forward ten kinds of solutions.
In order to address the disproportionately high ration of males to females at birth, China has, in recent years, widely promoted gender equality in both cities and rural areas, in an effort to eliminate stereotypes valuing men over women, encourage people to change their views concerning childbearing, and reduce the psychological and social pressure on families without sons. At the same time, vigorous efforts have been made to implement laws and regulations that enhance gender equality.
Australia
hope to see all of you here next year.
Daily security inputs were compiled
Training courses improving the skills necessary to cope in difficult situations and increasing self-dependence, as well as subsidized employment of persons unemployed for over 24 months are solutions addressed to people particularly threatened with social exclusion (mainly persons using social assistance on a longterm basis).
Hi, I have an appointment with Emily Charlton.
Ministry of Security
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Ward County, North Dakota
10.1 Before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must, in accordance with rule 93 of its rules of procedure, decide whether or not the case is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
A native or inhabitant of India or of the East Indies.
Nuclear energy generated 16 per cent of the world's electricity with almost no greenhouse gas emissions.
The ISAF leadership also maintained close contact with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
1995 Acting Judge, High Court of South Africa.
Upon receiving the Nobel Peace Prize, Mother Teresa said: "What can you do to promote world peace?
1. Adoption of the agenda.
Women are often viewed as the repositories of evil, such that even if a woman is infected with an STD by a spouse or other sexual partner, she would be reluctant to seek treatment because she would be the one held, in the view of society, responsible for the infection.
Civil society organizations have in this way contributed to fulfilling Peru's international commitments and policies.
Although superstitions involve beliefs and practices, they are usually transmitted as sayings.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations [81]
Air transportation
Representative of the Secretary-General on the protection of and assistance to internally displaced persons
It's hypocritical to blame China for what ails America's economy.
In fact, the last trial judgement in a multi-accused case is expected to be delivered before the end of 2011, in line with projections in the past two completion strategy reports.
Individual opinion of Committee members Nisuke Ando and Eckart Klein
February 2008
Vendors should also be requested to submit the most recent financial statements for evaluation.
First, ODA, concentrated on the least developed countries, must continue to play a central role.
The effects of spraying plant growth regulator under drought stress on seedling growth and physiological and biochemical indexes of soybean were studied based on pot experiment.
If you think about it for a minute, It'sounds kind of ridiculous.
However, some members stated that the focus should be on the substantive aspects of immunity first, before proceeding to consider its procedural aspects.
The meeting was called to order at 10.05 a.m.
1. Urges Member States to provide, on a yearly basis, timely, accurate and reliable data by completing all relevant parts of the annual report questionnaire;
Twelfth to fourteenth report overdue from 2002 to 2006
88. The Committee draws the attention of States parties to the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of their Liberty, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 45/113 of 14 December 1990.
" What does that sombre intermingling of bones buried beneath the furrows of Waterloo think of that?
The iPhone wasn't designed to operate with a stylus, and the small, thin, hard kind that one uses with, say, a Treo, doesn't work right with the iPhone.
Women's participation in the labour market 43
In addition, Wells Fargo made 'other income' of $698 million, a big rise from $321 million in the first quarter.
Does the building on land and ground have depreciation minute years commonly?
Key factors affecting the net outcome include how the rent is shared between the government, local communities and TNCs; and the extent to which TNCs contribute to the local economy in terms of employment, skills development, linkages and spillovers.
 Recalling also its decisions 16/21 of 31 May 1991 and 17/10 of 21 May 1993 on cooperation between the United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat),
Ayat, a little knee jerk.
The gun is pretty much the pivot of their attack.
Can now add an unlimited number of files to a project.
Relevant part of the report of the Secretary-General on regional cooperation (Council decision 2004/323)
64. Mr. Zoumanigui (Guinea) said that the relevant documents under the agenda item should have been issued on time, in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.
You know, bree, things will be a little strange at first, So please, be on your best behavior.
Risky asset prices have risen too much , too soon and too fast compared with macroeconomic fundamentals.
The new regional programme for 2014-2017 will be developed based on reduced and more focused thematic areas prioritized in the region and translated into the outcomes with clear indicators and targets.
I am his daughter, Katrina.
South korean biotech company on monday unveiled four labrador retriever puppies it said were cloned from a japanese dog skilled at sniffing out patients with cancer.
A: I hope China does really well in the Olympics.
In the words of the Copenhagen consensus,
While both the United Nations and regional organizations, particularly the African Union, refer to partnership, there remains the potential for misunderstanding and misperception concerning the meaning and scope of such a partnership.
Research, data collection and analysis
As a discussant put it, the test was less whether the Council's procedures appeared more efficient than whether they were helping to make it more effective in maintaining international peace and security.
22. Transitions can present opportunities to strengthen women's leadership, empowerment and rights in the process of restoring the rule of law and governance systems.
Prior to the launch of Hinode, NAOJ and the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science of JAXA had developed a data search and provision system and facilitated the use of the data analysis environment by the public.
(Senegal)
National staff b
II. Currencies of assessment and reporting as used by various organizations based in Europe 32
Stokes
45. On the question of ratione temporis, Finland favoured a provision similar to the one in relation to the optional protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), which stipulated that communications had to concern violations that had occurred or whose effects continued after the entry into force of the optional protocol.
The Special Committee reaffirms the important role of troop- and police-contributing countries in the welfare and recreation of contingent personnel.
1 The Commission's 23 previous reports called for under these resolutions are contained in documents S/23165, S/23268, S/23801, S/24108 and Corr.1, S/24661, S/24984, S/25620, S/25977, S/26684, S/26910, S/1994/489, S/1994/750, S/1994/1138 and Corr.1, S/1994/1422 and Add.1, S/1995/284, S/1995/494, S/1995/864, S/1995/1038, S/1996/258, S/1996/848, S/1997/301, S/1997/774 and S/1998/332.
131. Under agenda item 13 (a), the Council adopted decision 2003/316.
The hunter tried to escape from the forest, but he lost his way.
The objective of awareness training is to "communicate the upcoming changes and their impact on the Organization to all stakeholders, encourage staff to start thinking about the implications for their own areas of work, and build "buy in" for the change to IPSAS.
The Committee also welcomes the efforts of the State party to ensure that its initial report was submitted on time.
The Department reports periodically to the Commissioner-General on the status of implementation of the recommendations.
14-25 May Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, thirty-eighth session [General Assembly resolutions 34/180 and 60/230]b
If the competent authorities finds the actual condition of a vessel to be not in conformity with what is stated in the vessel's certificates, it shall have the right to require the vessel to apply for a new inspection or notify its owner or manager to adopt effective safety measures.
Although stem cell research was still at an early stage of development, it offered great potential as a source of new treatments for serious and hitherto incurable diseases. That quest for knowledge must be promoted, not prevented.
Since then, the Moroccan authorities have made it known that their initiative would be presented in the coming months.
At the 7249th meeting of the Security Council, held on 27 August 2014, in connection with the Council's consideration of the item entitled "Peace and security in Africa", the President of the Security Council made the following statement on behalf of the Council:
The link editor does not extract archive members to resolve undefined weak symbols.
However, by means of the National Employment Project, the Minister of Labour has taken action to raise wages that are lower than BD 200 per month.
"See here, Haskins," he snapped at him one day, "why is it we never have anything hot from you on the horse pavilion
We shall never forget this great internationalist fighter and founder of New Zealand-China friendship, and we shall learn from his shining example from generation to generation.
You can connect to the internet in the cafe.
Machines make it possible that people do more work with less energy.
A number of questions were raised in the presentations on how the principle of free, prior and informed consent could be implemented, including the following:
The recent high rates of inflation, and the public’s memory of even higher rates in the past, have severely harmed Argentina’s economy.
"Never mind," Donald told himself. "I'm quite good at other subjects
I'll sell you the car, tyres, and radio for an all-in price.
Addendum* **
My Government sincerely hopes that the progress which has been achieved will be built on and further developed.
The Minister of Justice and Peace of Costa Rica welcomed the participants and stressed that their attendance in such large numbers demonstrated the commitment of the countries in the region to strive to strengthen the administration of justice and promote the rule of law.
What if was an instrument that would change the world into something that we find strange?
The Government of the Portuguese Republic, therefore, objects to the above-mentioned reservations made by the Sultanate of Oman to the Convention.
Intrinsic value (of money) Prices tumbled after the devaluation of the currency.
New Zealand
Cold cuts and sandwiches do not enjoy being eaten, nor are they waiting for you to open the refrigerator door so they can talk to you.12
S: Then you can send her a bouquet of lilies.
708. Inoculation against diphtheria was introduced in 1937.
Their only luxury was private school for their twin daughters, Barbara and Tenna.
[U]nderscores the importance of [the mission] making full use of its authority and capabilities ... to take necessary action to provide improved security to the civilian population, humanitarian and development actors, and United Nations personnel under imminent threat of violence, and stresses that this mandate includes the protection of refugees, displaced persons, returnees, and other civilians with regard to the activities of militias and armed groups
Committee on Information
He also requested the Chair of the African Union High-level Implementation Panel, Thabo Mbeki, to use his good offices to facilitate their resumption.
Please bring me the bill, waiter.
Another difficulty has been due in part to insufficiency of financial resources.
Meeting on 21 March 2006,
To believe in yourself more and judge yourself less by the accomplishments of others.
For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness.
Note verbale dated 23 August 2002 from the Permanent Mission of Denmark to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Try alternating between the two positions if you're on the laptop a lot.
25 Guam
An experimental programme of analytical education dealing with stereotypes would start on a pilot basis in the 20072008 school year.
ITS PROGRAMME ELEMENT V.1
The Commission noted the substantial global differences in participation in, access to and use of media and ICT.
;[25:32.12]16  Good employees get a pat on the back, while good secretaries get a pat on the ass.
It will be headed by a Public Information Officer (P-3), supported by two Public Information Assistants (national General Service) and one Language Assistant (national General Service).
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/56/625)
of haier arising out of any contract or from the manufacture , sale , delivery , resale, installation or use of any products.
Satellite remote sensing and control system should include flight telemetry and control of launch vehicle, operation telemetry and control of satellite, and telemetry and control of payload equipment.
1.30−2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 2
The representative of Guyana George Talbot, speaking on behalf of CARICOM, says societies comprising the Caribbean grouping have been initially forged in an environment characterized by the most pervasive violations of human rights.
He had, in spite of his levity, and without its interfering in any way with his dignity, a certain manner about him which was imposing, dignified, honest, and lofty, in a bourgeois fashion; and his great age added to it
(e) To take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women by any person, organization or enterprise;
The complainant maintains that the amnesty signed in 2003 is purely notional and does not protect him from persecution by the pro-government Cobra militias.
297. The Committee recommends that the State party:
But I can't wire the VCR so my children can watch their favorite video.
68. The observer for Chile conveyed the commitment of the Government of Chile to an integrated educational system which promoted and protected indigenous culture and languages, thus improving their living conditions; agreed on the importance of working in close cooperation with indigenous representatives; briefed the participants on some initiatives undertaken in this field.
It reiterated its support for the Centre's activities and expressed its satisfaction with the work done during the period under consideration.
H.E. Mr. Ali HACHANI
Articles 348 and 347 CC criminalize active and passive bribery for the legal or illegal performance or omission of a public official "within the scope of his/her authority".
Previous studies have determined that between 60 and 95 percent of the sucralose-based artificial sweetener stay unabsorbed in the gut.
85. Share its experience and best practices with other interested countries, regarding the protection and consolidation of the rights of persons with disabilities (Pakistan);
Manning of ships and training of crews
Interviewer: Correct me if Im wrong but you had the 10)notion that maybe Tom Cruise would be the right guy
Gradius series
MOTIVATION: Gene expression microarray experiments can generate data sets with multiple missing expression values.
Father: Just cut the rope!
In its provision of humanitarian assistance, Brazil is guided by the humanitarian principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality and independence and relevant General Assembly resolutions, particularly resolution 46/182, as well as by the principles of sovereignty, non-intervention and international cooperation.
Photo of the Day: Animal Mothers and Babies "Once they're three months old, geladas ride their mothers jockey-style. "
However, in 2002, direct implementation of projects by UNHCR reached 45 per cent of operational expenditure ($238.5 million out of $533.3 million); the proportion was 34 per cent in 2001 and 30 per cent in 2000.
Cross's protein-damaged heart was in such bad shape, doctors said, that it could give out within six months.
He has been out of work for a year.
His eyes were riveted on the empty grave: he was as pale as the corpse which we had just seen... He might have been turned to stone
:: Increased focus is needed on livelihood support, including youth-oriented employment strategies, secondary and tertiary education and leadership opportunities, investment in youth organizations, centres and activities, as well as market analyses over a period of several years, in recognition of the links between reintegration and local economies.
The objective of this strategy is to reform the health system over the coming years, to make health services more accessible to all levels of society, to make essential medications available and to make it possible to achieve the Millennium Development Goals in the area of health.
The bilateral ICT cooperation framework has been established since June 1999.
Our abroad and domestic customers'are satisfied for feature, excellent quality , superexcellent handle, dulcet timber characteristic.
Additional activities are planned during 2003 to develop specific technical assistance projects to support units specialized in fighting organized crime in a number of countries where problems involving organized crime are particularly severe or have the potential to become serious.
The Government of Japan gained the approval of the Diet on May 17 with respect to the conclusion of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism, and intends to deposit the instrument of acceptance with the Secretary-General of the United Nations soon after the passage of that legislation at the current plenary Diet session.
The Russian Federation voted against the adoption of the draft declaration, because the document, in its current state, is not acceptable for our delegation for a number of reasons.
7.7 Having reached that conclusion, the Committee decides not to address the authors' allegations under article 10 of the Covenant.
1. Decides in line with the request from the Government of Nepal to renew the mandate of UNMIN as established under resolution 1740 (2007) until 15 January 2011, taking into account the completion of some elements of the mandate and the ongoing work on the monitoring of the management of arms and armed personnel in line with the 25 June 2008 Agreement among the political parties, which will support the completion of the peace process;
Concerning education, about 48% of the female population and 27% of the male one do not have any level of education.
2. Amendments to this Convention shall be adopted at a meeting of the Conference of the Parties.
The curtain went up.
65. The Security Council has mandated MONUC to support the activities of FARDC, which has the primary responsibility for the territorial integrity and security of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
8. The Commission could emphasize that progress towards achieving sustainable development can be facilitated by technical innovations, and could encourage research and development on cleaner technologies up to and including the commercialization stage.
Madagascar has cut its rate by forty - one percent ; Sao Tome and Principe by nearly half.
No, no. Thicker . The density, you can feel it. You can sense [ it ].
Overall orientation
In the capacity of vocational students in grade independent school there are significant differences.
Item 4: Election of officers
246. The Central Monitoring and Inspection Unit conducted inspections of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services, and the United Nations Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention.
IN TRADITIONAL war films, the enemy is faceless.
That is why we feel so inspired by the content and message of this declaration.
According to the officials, none of these cases involved Somalis or companies doing business in Somalia.
1. Return or restitution of cultural property to the countries of origin [24]:
Provisional agenda for the 4972nd meeting of the Security Council
59. The Commission on the Status of Women provides policy guidance to Governments, entities of the United Nations system, international and regional organizations, civil society organizations, the private sector and other relevant actors with regard to the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
It was Mr. Smee who caught her and brought her to his boss, Captain Hook.
When he was a young man, he read complete works of Shakespeare
And that brings me to my second comment.
Fee payable for registration of change of corporate name
She views me, a white male, as a personal affront.
Defenders have struggled in Nepal to support the rule of law in multiple ways.
They enable UNICEF to support countries in delivering critical assistance to children and building national and local capacities to achieve and sustain results for children and their families.
A staff of up to 50 will interview hundreds of witnesses.
Objective To study the cause of uroschesis after lumbar vertebrae traction and the nursing countermeasures decreasing the times of urethral catheterization.
The full clause is as follows:
This sofa won't go with the chairs.
No. I think you'll find it's William.
For supporting the new leaders, they decided to stay.
During the Revolution of 1789, women were extremely active in the fight against the old feudal regime.
It has drafted legislation on the protection and promotion of older persons with the aim of protecting these persons more effectively and promoting conditions conducive to the enhancement of their lives, health and well-being, and ensuring that they will continue to enjoy the benefits of mutual assistance and solidarity.
Inter-agency mobility was further impacted by unequal conditions of service: the funds and programmes offered better compensation packages that also improved work-life balance at non-family duty stations.
These activities, combined with a high work rate and frequency, may cause physical discomfort and musculoskeletal problems for workers.
The Royal wedding was televized.
BP was investing heavily in solar, wind and other forms of sustainable energy but would not go nuclear.
SJM said that about 55 per cent of individual investors had withdrawn applications that accounted for 146.99m shares.
The practice is not always successful and matadors might need to do it many times.
I can E-mail them to friends.OK
Separately, the ministry of commerce is circulating draft proposals that, if adopted, would allow foreign groups for the first time to use shares to take over a Chinese company.
 Moreover, he turned down two official invitations extended to acquaint him with first-hand information regarding two issues of his main concern and reported in an unbalanced manner regarding the atrocities committed by the rebel factions.
It is no coincidence that Ethiopia's latest bellicose statements come as the Organization of African Unity prepares to consider the Ethiopian-Eritrean conflict next week in Burkina Faso.
 Belgrade, in accepting the Contact Group plan, has taken a helpful step towards an overall solution of the area's problems.
There is no difference in the costs reflected in these tables because the costs associated with these posts have been charged to individual subprogrammes on a prorated basis.
Chapter I
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that sub-item (j) of item 95 be allocated to the First Committee.
III. Project financing
The United Nations, in a way, was alive to this when it constituted a Commission on Transnational Corporations in the mid-70s.
20 December 2010
Among these bodies, the Security Council, as the principal organ directly concerned with the maintenance of international peace and security, remains the focus for reform.
Our First Lady, Xiomara Castro de Zelaya, aware of this reality, led the formation of the Coalition of First Ladies and Women Leaders of Latin America on Women and AIDS in order to meet the challenge of the feminization of the epidemic, a joint effort with our sisters in ICW
21. Cooperation and communication with the Georgian Government and the Abkhaz authorities have remained at a satisfactory level.
A number of pilot projects were started in order to ensure the timely recruitment and equitable mobility of staff in the field, including the successful approval of delegation of authority for personnel matters for field staff.
The coordinator of the COMESA project is a Malagasy woman,
For the biennium 2012-2013, the outputs approved under section 12 were adjusted by the Board in July 2012.
The Union des forces vives de la nation (UFVN), the main democratic opposition alliance, consequently refused to participate in that Government, which includes representatives of two political-military groups (APRD and the Union des forces démocratiques pour le rassemblement (UFDR)), civil society and some opposition political parties.
So here are some tips to give you a head start.
An independent high commission for human rights is in the process of being put in place.
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a comprehensive report on the implementation of its resolutions on multilingualism and on measures that could be taken by Member States and international organizations within the United Nations system to strengthen the protection, promotion and preservation of all languages, in particular those of linguistic minorities and languages facing extinction (resolution 56/262).
According to the Secretary-General's annual report on the pattern of conferences mentioned above, there was no reassignment of resources for almost 30 per cent of cancelled meetings in 2008 (that figure was 50 per cent in 2007).
Since its launch on 28 October 2008, the Audiovisual Library has been accessed by more than one million people in all 193 Member States of the United Nations.
So with these oral revisions to paragraphs 17 and 18, may I take it that the Commission wishes to adopt chapter IV, paragraphs 17 to 21?
Shanghai-tripod Electric Co. , Ltd. , located in the Asian economies, and financial center of Shanghai Jinshan Development Zone.
63. Unilateral coercive measures violated the principles of non-intervention in the internal and external affairs of States, as well as the exercise of their sovereign rights, as stipulated unequivocally in several United Nations resolutions and international agreements.
Varied have been the types and degrees of imbalances in the available workforce - numerical imbalances, imbalances in terms of qualifications, distributional imbalances (Samarasinghe, 1998: 358).
A public statement by community leaders on the legal findings of responsibility, followed by an intensive awareness-raising campaign on the judgement and a declaration to the effect that child victims of recruitment should not be held legally or morally responsible for their actions as combatants during the conflict, would be the best guarantee of non-repetition.
New York, 9 December 1948
Commercial communications
Table tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's team
 "2. Requests the Secretary-General, as Depositary of the Convention, to open it for signature in Paris on 13 January 1993;
92. Seminars were organized for teams from the Latin American Institute for Educational Communication, the Centre for Research and Advanced Studies in Social Anthropology (CIESAS) and CGEIB, and were held on a rotating basis at those institutions.
These companies still had to review business combinations that had occurred in 2004 and 2005.
UNHCR noted that 147 persons applied for asylum in 2009.
La Ferrière, Vendée
100. The recommendations formulated during the interactive dialogue listed below enjoy the support of Togo:
Armoured personnel carriers and armoured infantry fighting vehicles.
Equal Opportunities For All was drafted in 1998.
"Article 126: It is prohibited to employ young persons under 15 years of age in the industries and occupations designated by the Minister of Social Affairs and Labour unless they have work permits certifying their physical fitness to engage therein.
The goal is to develop an integrated framework on local governance and local development, to guide future UNDP programming.
UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION
The proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 is contained in documents A/56/6 and Corr.1 and Add.1 and 2 (Introduction, sects. 1-33 and Income, sects. 1-3).
The State shall encourage enterprises, institutional organizations, and societies to initiate industries or expand businesses for the increase of employment within the scope of the stipulations of laws, and administrative rules and regulations.
The current generation of Egyptians is living through a full - scale religious revival.
17. The proposed changes to the programme of work of the secretariat of the Tribunal for the biennium 2006-2007 stemming from the above proposals are contained in annex I below.
85. The Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography also commented on specific aspects of this section: with regard to heading N, she stated that the need for children to have access to relevant complaint procedures and to effective remedies should be reiterated.
The next moment the) were safe upon the great ladder waiting to receive them below.
6. Thanks the Academy's Scientific Council for its decision to continue considering the subject of investing Waqf resources during its 15th Session to be held in the Sultanate of Oman.
133. State institutions helping to disseminate information, promote awareness and provide training in the area of human rights include the Judicial Service Training College, the National Secretariat for the Family (SNF), the Salvadoran Institute for Women's Development (ISDEMU) and the Salvadoran Institute for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (ISNA).
28. In collaboration with UNDP, the interim National Commission on the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons continues to implement the community Arms for Development programme, supported by the Sierra Leone police and funded by the Canadian International Development Agency.
I'd rather do my own cooking and my own housekeeping.
The impact of financial innovation on monetary policy theory and practice mainly manifests itself in the following: it has a fairly big effect on money supply and demand;
 1. Demands once again that the Libyan Government comply without any further delay with resolutions 731 (1992) and 748 (1992);
The Presidents of the Conference reported on the work of the Conference during the first part of the 2007 session (CD/1820*), during the second part of the 2007 session (CD/1825) and during the third part of the 2007 session (CD/1828*).
83. The Council considered the question of the transport of dangerous goods at its substantive session (agenda item 15 (j)).
(b) Increased awareness and use among decision makers, the scientific community and civil society of the Committee's scientific assessments as a sound basis for decision-making on radiation-related issues
 In his concluding remarks, the President expressed the readiness of the Parliament to cooperate with UNHCR with a view to obtaining the adoption of the Cartagena Declaration (Cartagena de Indios, Colombia, 22 November 1984) in the whole region.
Cyrtophora citricola
First progress report of the Secretary-General dated 12 August on UNOMSIL (S/1998/750), submitted pursuant to Security Council resolutions 1162 (1998), 1171 (1998) and 1181 (1998), describing the deployment of UNOMSIL and its progress in carrying out its mandate and developments in the situation in Sierra Leone since his report of 9 June 1998 (S/1998/486).
Conference Room 4
United Nations police
Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization
he fashioned in the depths of the sea a throne of cunning device , which he sent to his mother.
They were also informed that the Bonn process had been completed with the inauguration of the new Afghan Assembly on 19 December 2005, and that the Afghanistan Compact was being launched in London as a peacebuilding agenda in the areas of security, governance, human rights, the rule of law, development and counter-narcotics.
Expressing concern about Ethiopia's ongoing rejection of significant parts of the Boundary Commission's decision, and its current lack of cooperation with the Commission, including the refusal to participate in the meeting of 22 February 2005,
We believe that developed countries should strengthen their leadership on this task, on the basis of common but differentiated responsibilities.
One representative stressed that a framework agreement would allow for a consistent international approach and trade measures by countries to control mercury in a way that was multilateral, transparent and non-discriminatory in line with the rules of the World Trade Organization and article 20 of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
Many reported on the implementation of restorative justice programmes in line with the basic principles on the use of restorative justice programmes in criminal matters (Economic and Social Council resolution 2002/12, annex).
a mutual promise of a couple not to date anyone else; on college campuses it is signaled by the giving of a fraternity pin.
NATIONS Distr. GENERAL
Second regular session 2005
Of course, they pay better because they earn more.
Letters of transmittal
Let us begin! Our first item is an authentic atlas of the stars drawn by a famous astronomer in the year 1414.
Wen Jiabao, China's premier, yesterday conceded that inflation posed a threat to social stability.
I have metthe guy you refered,but I don`t know his name.
The Bill also seeks to expand and strengthen the ability of police officers to assist victims and enforce the law effectively.
Objective : To underline the and disadvantage of using binding and osteotomy in treating valgus.
For example, the Situation Centre has held crisis response cell training for mission staff in advance of the recent elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Liberia.
I would be grateful if you could confirm that these arrangements are acceptable to the Security Council.
One of these will deal with bilateral relations between Japan and North Korea.
The chip will also know if your child has fallen and needs immediate
I dare say she is a very agreeable woman.
The continuing impasse in the Conference is out of tune with the aspirations of the international community, the growing democratic temper of the world, and the absolute imperative of development in an age of globalization.
Many young men enter the service to defend the country.
There can be legal, financial and reputational consequences if enterprises fail to meet the responsibility to respect human rights.
Each RMT is comprised of country representatives and the regional director, along with relevant senior staff and staff (association) representatives.
Office of the Deputy Force Commander
Ecuador
Who is that girl with a pigtail?
Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.Phoebe: You should be.
Based on the assessment results, 25 of those employees have been selected to participate in the remainder of the program.
15. It was regrettable that all serious regional and international efforts to bring about a resumption of direct negotiations had failed, mainly owing to a lack of clear parameters and Israel's insistence on continuing its efforts to cleanse the Occupied Palestinian Territory of its indigenous Palestinian population.
He wore a face alight with happiness.
Delegations wishing to reserve conference rooms for consultations during the session should contact Ms. Lidija Komatina (tel. 1 (212) 963-2378; room IN-608B).
Such a meeting must focus on reaching agreement on the fundamental issues and on a calendar for the accomplishment, within the coming few months, of the following key benchmarks: (a) the acceptance by all parties of the Government of National Reconciliation as fully constituted after the appointment on 12 September of the Defence and Internal Security Ministers; (b) the immediate return of the Forces nouvelles to the Government; (c) the immediate commencement of the disbanding of all militias; (d) the earliest and simultaneous cantonment of both the Forces nouvelles and FANCI, and the commencement of their disarmament; (e) the immediate restoration of State authority throughout the territory of Côte d'Ivoire; and (f) the adoption by the National Assembly, before the end of 2003, of the Government's proposed programme for the implementation of provisions of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement relating to nationality, article 35 of the Constitution, electoral reforms, the media and human rights.
If it continued to be applied selectively, the non-proliferation regime would be weakened and the risk of vertical proliferation would increase.
In waveform design aspect the impulse response elimination method is presented to detect and discriminate the targets.
During the second half of 2009, a number of documents providing detailed information on the change management strategy, its benefits and expected results were submitted to the policymaking organs, together with a road map and a financial plan.
The projects, located in Kowloon and Yuen Long, are estimated to be completed between December 2001 and December 2002, a spokesman for the department said today (November 6).
The number of ambulances at the hospitals of that mountainous area is very small.
2. The Pre-Trial Judge may, at the request of the Prosecutor, issue such orders and warrants for the arrest or transfer of persons, and any other orders as may be required for the conduct of the investigation and for the preparation of a fair and expeditious trial.
Much has already been done through the United Nations Security Council and the broad-based coalition against terrorism.
The President of the Council opened the session.
'Why, so,' he replied: you take a line ashore there on the other side at low water. ' take a turn about one o' them big pines; bring it back, take a turn round the capstan, and lie-to for the tide
She stumbled over the long word.
33.6 The expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement relating to specific areas of activity programmed under the present section are set out in detail below, together with the estimated resources required.
On 16 January, the Security Council heard a briefing by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Office for West Africa, Said Djinnit, and met in closed consultations to consider the six-month report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the United Nations Office for West Africa (S/2011/811).
Arzembouy
Choiseul pigeon
How long do I have to repay the loan?
For the final text, see Council resolution 1993/31.
4. At the 5th meeting, on 9 October, the following documents under item 105 were brought to the attention of the Committee: A/C.3/69/L.2, A/C.3/69/L.3, A/C.3/69/L.4, A/C.3/69/L.5, A/C.3/69/L.6 and A/C.3/69/L.7.
With regard to the 2000/01 financial period, provision is made for miscellaneous supplies ($6,000).
75. The Committee is concerned about the continued use of child labour, as referred to in paragraph 76 of the State party's report.
Organizations Full version language
9. Maintenance supplies and services is estimated at $46,200 applying a standard rate of 15 per cent of annual rent.
Whenever you have questions for her, she is just a call away.
I asked Terry Bartlett of the Toy Industry Association about the Barbie and action figures.
We are fully convinced that the draft resolution on the development of the working methods of the Security Council represents a positive step in the right direction on the way to comprehensive reform within the framework of the United Nations.
Authors' comments on the State party's submission
Accordingly, want to publish copy since early the brand large part about outstanding and landed enterprise.
"With respect to multilateral treaties of the type referred to in your letter, however, this Government considers that, in general, non-political multilateral treaties to which the United States was a party when the United States became a belligerent in the war, and which this Government has not since denounced in accordance with the terms thereof, are still in force in respect of the United States and that the existence of a state of war between some of the parties to such treaties did not ipso facto abrogate them, although it is realised that, as a practical matter, certain of the provisions might have been inoperative.
In addition, there were many complaints which fell outside the competence of the Ombudsman.
Chordeleg Canton
Other assetsd
Jalaun
Our words cannot be empty rhetoric.
The meeting is open to all interested delegations.
53. In this regard, it is of utmost importance that the election law be introduced publicly as soon as possible.
Other termination benefits
Both complied and when they were in sight of the soldiers, they were shot several times.
Forty-seven persons (doctors, nurses and other health workers) have been trained abroad, through fellowships provided by countries such as Chile, Mexico, Japan, Brazil, United States, etc.
- Increasing transparency in arms, including through the establishment of subregional registers of national stockpiles of small arms and light weapons;
Date of ratification: 23 June 2005.
But America 's poor face systemic challenges beyond the aid of any single administration or programme.
Domestic Households by Household Composition, Household Size and District Council District, 2006
Argentina
Parti de libération du peuple hutu (Palipehutu)-Forces nationales pour la libération (FNL) -- Agathon Rwasa
Menlo
J00.J99
Of the utmost importance is the need to ensure that the elections are conducted peacefully, without recourse to political violence.
She -ied herself to sleep.
At the beginning of this forty-ninth session, the General Assembly adopted its agenda and the allocation of items between the plenary Assembly and the Main Committees.
They also take note of other initiatives, such as the private sector e-channelling initiative, which has made it easier for users to make medical appointments and pay for them through the use of mobile phones.
But the government will also have to follow through on the political reforms it promised in 2011; loosen its grip on the economy; and promote inclusive growth and prosperity, including by addressing deep regional disparities.
II. Mandate performance
The intention is for this to be a longer term indefinite assignment for the right candidate.
Every incoming message is serviced by a new object instance.
the development imperative is as much a priority for the United Nations as the imperative of peace. ... There can be no sustainable development without peace.
All Libraries
31 July 2013
The improvement of pre-service Literacy Programmes
1.  The therapeutic radiographers (Category T) covered in the 2005 HMS were therapeutic radiographers registered with the Radiographers Board of Hong Kong under the Supplementary Medical Professions Ordinance (Chapter 359) as at the survey reference date, i.e. 31.3.2005.
Development and transfer of technologies
Why? Simply because it refuses to abide by international law and implement Security Council resolutions.
Mary has charge of the arrangements for the dance.
2.2 The inter-agency committee has access to the Committee's web site on which all relevant information on available assistance is posted. It will certainly consult it in due course in order to identify assistance and cooperation mechanisms.
This is the action of seeking peace.
The conception of offence against God produced the first class of ordinances； the conception of offence against one''s neighbour produced the second； but the idea of offence against the State or aggregate community did not at first produce a true criminal jurisprudence.
Note by the Secretary-General
Stand aside and let the chairman pass.
Symposiums held since 1998
E. Africa Symposium on Statistical Development
Programme evaluation and quality improvement;
Part one. General provisions
Of the 15 major contributors, three owed a total of $581 million and 75 others owed a total of $112 million.
Empirical studies show the topological structure of complex networks are usually stable during a relatively long period, and the studies also imply that topology contains the information about weight.
Yet, they typically work smaller, less productive plots of land than men, and often lack access to the best seeds, fertilizer, credit, and training opportunities.
Because of high operating margins, microfinance is viable from a business perspective.
First, we are developing and strengthening multisectoral public policies to maximize the positive impacts on NCD risk factors and burdens that result from policies of other sectors and to minimize their negative impacts.
Regional economic cooperation could help Afghanistan move towards self-reliance.
To further aggravate the situation, on the day of monitoring, 10 March, Azerbaijan violated the ceasefire once again in several sections of the line of contact, resulting in the death of a 19-year-old serviceman of the Defence Army of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic, Arthur Aghababyan, near Kuropatkino village.
The resolution lays out the basic structure for the Council's new institutional machinery, including the universal periodic review mechanism, the special procedures, the Human Rights Council Advisory Committee, and the complaint procedure.
The locations of the five Area Development Schemes were selected from among the poorest areas of the Sudan with a potential for economic development.
33. In paragraph 2 of its resolution 56/285, the General Assembly decided that the conditions of service and remuneration for the members of the International Court of Justice and the judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, the judges of the International Tribunal for Rwanda and the ad litem judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia should next be reviewed at the fifty-ninth session of the Assembly.
It requested me to undertake a "visiting mission", but the necessary agreement of the Israeli authorities was not forthcoming.
The National Help-the-Disabled Day, the third Sunday of May each year, has been observed for 13 years, with a rich variety of activities.
Sixty-seventh session
General Assembly
At the same time, the need for a solution to the situation inside Somalia was emphasized.
He would go to her and tell her all his family complications.
In general, regulations can ensure that basic standards are met by all; flexible mechanisms can reduce the costs of compliance and broaden support; economic incentives can reward those whose performance exceeds the minimum standards; technical assistance can assist those who are willing but not sure how to comply; and public information can support informed consumer choices and public support for sustainable development policies.
She stressed that the occupation was not a temporary situation but rather a large-scale operation that had affected the lives of more than two generations of women.
There is a limit amount when you withdraw from ATM
He was arrested in Monaco in view of the request for his extradition to Brazil.
Human resources
IV. Criteria for ad hoc adjustments of the rates of assessment
In view of the foregoing, how can an enabling national and international environment be created for decent work conducive to sustainable development?
 The Government was implementing a public service reform programme to improve remuneration and other conditions of service to halt and reverse the brain drain.
 (e) Assessing threats to public order and advising on the capability of law enforcement agencies to deal with such threats;
A comprehensive strategy and operational plan with a performance framework for these principles will be in place by the beginning of the new programme cycle.
Expected accomplishment 4.1: Sustainable return, reintegration and resettlement, or local integration of displaced populations in the Sudan
L. Principal subjects of concern
Advancement of women: report of the Third Committee (A/66/455) [28]
14. Requests the Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twenty-fifth session.
  China's tourism industry has developed rapidly in recent years, but "the behavior of some Chinese travellers is not compatible with the nation's economic strength and its growing international status," the committee said.
Are you quite sure you will not reconsider the proposal?
List of documents issued for the fifty-fifth session of the Sub-Commission
Indonesia IDN Nauru NRU Zimbabwe ZWE The second compilation and synthesis of initial communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention is based on 27 communications received by 1 June 2000: Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Chile, Cook Islands, Egypt, El Salvador, Georgia, Indonesia, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kiribati, Lebanon, Lesotho, Mauritius, Mexico, the Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, Samoa, Senegal, Tuvalu, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu and Zimbabwe.
It was observed that such an approach would be preferable in particular in case an international registration system were to be established, since it would result in avoiding the issuance of possibly conflicting orders to the registrar by national courts.
For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/57.
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court
She endorsed the recommendations contained in the report of the Friend of the President on improvised explosive devices.
On the Reconstruction of the Conciliation System of China's Law Court & An Analysis Taking Coordination Litigation Mode as Background
The treasury service-level agreement with UNDP is being reviewed but UNOPS considers that it was the responsibility of UNDP to ensure that bank reconciliations are performed for the bank accounts under its control.
It establishes policies for protection of dependent children in the workplace.
PC specialists and LAN technicians (1999-2000)
It was Plain Janes house. It was dreary
In order to enhance academic capacity-building, including training and fellowships, in particular in the developing countries, UNU should devote more attention to the development of different innovative forms of capacity-building and should, to the extent possible, reduce overall meeting costs by making more effective use of current and emerging information and communications technologies.
Hyptis
Net requirements (biennium)
I like to think that these essays edify me in some way, but at the very least they appeal to the voyeur in me.
Theoretically we could still win, but it's very unlikely.
8. A comprehensive review of UNHCR's operations in Spain was undertaken in September 2004.
As we renew our commitment to sustainable development, let us not lose sight of the fact that we should be remembered as the generation that created a consensus at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, which restored civilization to its roots, in harmony with its source: Mother Earth.
In particular, they shall give women equal rights to conclude contracts and to administer property and shall treat them equally in all stages of procedure in courts and tribunals.
Piecemeal approaches and limited integration with training in other elements of the justice system, for example prosecutors, courts and correction services, failed to ensure links with the broader chain of justice in the country.
In the second place, and no offence to Combeferre, a charter granted is but a poor expedient of civilization
And, in the years since the 2008 global financial crisis, these countries’ overall economic growth has been meager, too – just 4% or less on average.
The Assembly may wish to decide to extend the Pension Scheme of the permanent judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda to the ad litem judges, given the fact that a number of them will have more than three years of continuous service as at 31 December 2010 and will be performing similar functions.
(a) The provisions in the Constitution and in the Electoral Law which establish specific quotas for women in the Wolesi Jirga and the Meshrano Jirga (Lower and Upper Houses of the parliament);
The law should require that other legislation be interpreted, as far as possible, in a manner consistent with its provisions; the regime for exceptions provided for in the freedom of information law should be comprehensive and other laws should not be permitted to extend it;
It is true that the lifestyle would be different, but human life and cultures have adapted in the past and surely could in the future.
Our loving God intended that this divine principle would operate for man's total sanctification and perfection.
The Committee on the Theoretical Bases of Human Rights, convened by UNESCO in 1947 to work on developing the key concepts underpinning the draft Universal Declaration of Human Rights, had considered the normative content of this right.
Reaffirming once more the applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 75, No. 973.
In this region adjacent to Rwanda and Burundi, Rwanda alone has the requisite supporting logistics.
The diseases usually can despoil of young.
25. Being able to quit your day job and live comfortably off of investment income.
96. UNHCR has worked with a 55-member Parliamentary Commission for Human Rights, drawn from all parties in the National Assembly and the Senate, to draft amendments to the current law that has been proposed for debate in parliament.
74. During the coming years, UNRISD aims to conduct research on problems of identity in a shrinking world.
Event to be signaled when the interrupt is triggered.
I have the honour to write to you in your capacity as Chair of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country and to transmit herewith note verbale 1114/2014, which was sent to the United States Mission to the United Nations by the Permanent Mission of Cuba (see annex).
In the supplementary information, he indicates that the abolished post would be funded from extrabudgetary resources.
Gets or sets a value that indicates the wait time before a job can be restarted, if an error occurs when printer pooling is also enabled.
Burkina Faso honoured its commitments under article 18 of the Convention by submitting its initial and combined second and third periodic reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
Singhasari
Focusing on important questions puts us awkward position of being ignorant.
Final outcome of the work of the Commission
74. Moreover, according to the information received by the Special Rapporteur, many witness protection programmes do not take the specific needs of the human rights defenders at risk into account.
A study on the typology of welfare State design options which explicitly set out the role that the State, the family and the labour market should play
Morphological observations on Saussurea tangutica with a description of a new variety.
 Several delegations urged UNICEF to continue its efforts to promote greater debt relief measures for African countries, including debt cancellation and debt conversion for child development.
This is a chance for lifetime,you'd better let yourself go.
 9. At first, the public administration programme was reviewed directly by the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly, since there was no standing expert committee or functional commission of the Council charged with its detailed review.
The reactionary officer then ordered him arrested.
Depending on what you need to accomplish, you use only a certain subset of these commands.
Moreover, the NGO had committed further violations of its status at the fifty-eighth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
Order of motions
Ms. Margaret Sekaggya, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights defenders
The consultation brought together key actors working on women's economic, social and cultural rights: United Nations treaty bodies (the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and the Human Rights Committee); special procedures (including the recently established Working Group on the issue of discrimination against women in law and in practice and the Independent Expert on human rights and international solidarity); civil society advocates and experts; human right and gender advisors from United Nations agencies (the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), UN-Women and the World Health Organization) and OHCHR staff members.
102.2 minutes
In early 2010, the Government released a draft housing policy, which is awaiting approval by the Council of Ministers.
It was the duty of every Government to control strictly narcotic drugs and precursors, attempt to maintain a balance between the supply and demand for narcotic drugs used for medical or scientific purposes, and work to prevent the illicit production of narcotic drugs and their precursors.
A week prior to the meeting, he made a phone call to me.
Buildings in Shanghai continue to spring up without loft insulation or double glazing.
They should in particular address practical realities with the use of framework agreements reported in many jurisdictions that prices tend to remain fixed rather than varying with the market and procuring entities tend to procure through an existing framework agreement even though its terms and conditions do not quite meet their needs or reflect the current market conditions, to avoid having to commence new procurement proceedings.
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
From NGOs for fund-raising campaigns of National Committees for UNICEF
How to subscribe to message threads?
Nigeria
In most parts of the tropical climate, the southern parts of the subtropical climate.
The creation of country-owned and participatory peer review mechanisms could, and should, provide alternative and complementary views on debt sustainability by focusing on the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and mainstreaming human rights as key thresholds for debt sustainability.
In order to protect and preserve human life from conception, article 358 of the Criminal Code prohibits abortion.
11. Governments, where appropriate, are encouraged to develop adequate land administration systems supporting sustainable land tenure on the basis of land cadastres, land management, land valuation, land monitoring and supervision of land use.
Introduction and general discussion
6. I can believe him, but I cannot believe in him
We often have a pleasant break.
They refer to the Committee's general comments Nos. 23 and 18, and to the cases of Ominayak v. Canada, Sara et al. v. Finland, Ilmari Länsman et al. v. Finland, Kitok v. Sweden, and Jouni E. Länsman v. Finland, which concern the rights of indigenous people under the Covenant.
A ban on transfers should constitute the first stage.
Doctorat d'État en droit (Doctorate in law) (Nice, France).
1974 in China
Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly
The lifting of the sanctions was not only the moral, ethical and legal duty of the international community, which must save the Iraqi people from isolation and hunger, but would also allow the country’s scientific potential to be realized and would enable Iraqi scholars to participate along with their colleagues throughout the world in building a better world for the whole of humankind.
(a) Identification and dissemination of effective demand reduction strategies and approaches
 39. The problem of job safety affected both men and women.
In February and July, the Committee approved its programmes of work, based on the requirements outlined in Security Council resolution 1822 (2008), and taking into account the list of pending issues before the Committee.
Presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson
The centres provide information and help with workplace issues, particularly for women who might have difficulty obtaining such assistance because of language, remoteness or other reasons.
18. Ms. Zou Xiaoqiao also requested further information on the membership, activities and responsibilities of the Committee on Women and the Family, in particular whether it had made any proposals for legislation relating to the empowerment of women or influenced Government policies, and whether it cooperated with non-governmental and civil society organizations.
Indeed, the 20 October position paper submitted by the Lebanese Government to the Security Council implicates Syria in facilitating transfer of weapons.
It would also ensure that the Human Rights Division maintains throughout its mandate a close cooperative relationship with the Commission and other human rights actors based in Juba.
Cases relating to the UNCITRAL Model Arbitration Law (MAL)
Submitted by Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay
Require use of BAT for identified priority source categories only.
The Day's theme in 2013 was "Break barriers, open doors: for an inclusive social and development for all", building on the outcome document of the High-Level Meeting on Disability and Development, to further raise awareness of disability and accessibility as a cross-cutting development issue.
Revising the structure of the links database, enhancing the search mechanism and updating the relevant web pages.
And clownish right-wing radio talk-show hosts now have more influence on many conservative American voters than the sober journalists of the mainstream media do.
For each CCC, it is emphasized that UNICEF will collaborate with partners to address the initial emergency response commitments in the first six to eight weeks and beyond.
The Coalition strongly condemned the nuclear tests carried out by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in violation of its obligations under the relevant Security Council resolutions.
E-mail doesn't always disappear with you either.
- Counter-terrorist intelligence (human and technical);
Decadent movement
Steel without any carbon in it at all would be too brittle to use.
This court decision was appealed by both the Jehovah's Witnesses and the prosecutor's office in Tbilisi.
The financial mechanism should include a fee for destruction of the refrigerant gas and the foam recovered.
Countries were asked to classify products for household consumption as either important or less important.
A. Language services posts
 121. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 1823 (XVII) and Economic and Social Council resolution 1817 (LV), the executive secretaries met in Geneva on 4 July 1995, in conjunction with the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council, and in New York on 15-16 February 1996.
Much has been written about the policies needed to rectify this dismal picture.
It is for the price of rice of winter go off with such.
The condom use prevalence rate among young people during high-risk sexual activity was at a baseline of 33 per cent in 2000 and 75 per cent in 2006.
Therefore, it is extremely unfortunate and regrettable that the second phase of the Machakos negotiations between the two Sudanese parties has stalled.
Mr. La Yifan
They have shown courage of their own.
The remaining 4 projects will be implemented during the next reporting period
(a) The declaration made at the time of ratification that the minimum age for conscription into the armed forces of the State party is 18 years;
This phenomenon indicates it is a formidable challenge we have to accept that to treat the corruption in the period of transition in China.
Mparany Mamy Richard Rajohnson (Madagascar)
 35. One such initiative is the establishment of the Secretary-General's Task Force on Operations in response to the need for greater coordination and sharing of information and experience between the departments responsible for action by the United Nations in the political, peace-keeping and humanitarian areas.
Nairobi, 28 April - 7 May 1997
' he said in the normal English.
Thus my Government strives to represent the values, promote the development and increase the integral welfare of all Costa Ricans.
Equality Now (special, 1997)
150. At the 2nd meeting, the President recalled that during the adoption of the COP 19 agenda he provided a number of reassurances regarding this sub-item (see para. 10 above).
Approved the tentative workplan for the annual session 2011.
That suggests that the possible cost of today's troubles, though alarming, is not off the charts.
24. Local authorities have been recognized by the Habitat Agenda as key actors in its implementation.
Each of the newly identified genetic variations has only a modest effect: someone who carries all seven would typically be 1.5kg to 2kg heavier than an average adult. (deCode Genetics)(Nature Genetics)
They had merely provided time to weaken the resolution further.
See note 10.
9. Calls on all parties to refrain from all violations of international humanitarian law and renews its call in resolutions 822 (1993) and 853 (1993) for unimpeded access for international humanitarian relief efforts in all areas affected by the conflict;
When he accuses leaders of another country of crimes that no one has ever proved, it is even harder to trust words about efforts and commitments towards "reconciliation" and that his country is "committed to peace and cooperation with the neighbours", to the spirit of dialogue, as called for in his address.
70. Mr. Sareer (Maldives), echoing earlier speakers, said that the Maldives, an archipelago of 1,190 small islands, understood all too well the challenges facing least developed countries.
United Nations Development Business
He is writing a letter.
Africa, arguably the second most endowed continent in the world in terms of natural resources, is also ironically by far the poorest.
13 December 1982
163. The various international instruments have been translated into the national language in order to enhance awareness of the goals of human rights conventions and treaties.
To understand such behavior, Moffett suggests that we think of an ant colony like a single organism.
Melamphaes microps
Item 4 of the provisional agenda
In exchange, homeowners accept limitations when reselling their homes, usually committing to a maximum 25 per cent profit of the original price paid.
Membership of the fifty-sixth session
Article 25 The trustee shall abide by the provisions of the trust documents and handle the trust affairs for the utmost interests of the beneficiary.
Oh, I thought your third favorite was "funny face."
Botswana
7. Since the Brussels meeting, all the major conferences of the international community at Monterrey, Johannesburg and Doha had reiterated the critical importance of paying special attention to the needs of the LDCs.
Milan's staunchest critics have branded them 'a retirement home' in recent years because of their apparent refusal to invest in youth.
On Friday, 23 November 2001, there will be meetings of interested delegations on the following draft proposals:
The Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Republic of Armenia on Legal Assistance and Legal Relations in Civil, Family and Criminal Cases, signed in Ashgabat on 29 November 2000 and ratified by a decision taken by the Majlis (Parliament) of Turkmenistan on 7 July 2001.
230. The difficult situation faced by countries hosting refugees, many of which are among the least developed, is now widely recognized.
The monitoring strategies and methods used to protect shipments entering and exiting New Zealand's territory, using all modes of transport, from acts of terrorism, and steps taken or to be taken to implement the World Customs Organisation (WCO) Framework of Standards to Secure and Facilitate Global Trade; and
1. Reaffirms its decisions contained in annex IV to the Concluding Document of the Twelfth Special Session of the General Assembly and the guidelines approved by the Assembly in its resolution 33/71 E of 14 December 1978;
In the past we had no fatherland, nor could we have had one.
You know who this is?
Its strength was reportedly between 4,000 and 7,000 men.
Summary record of the 16th meeting
The State of Qatar welcomes the Secretary-General's proposal to establish a global consultative forum on migration, and we appreciate Belgium's offer to host its first meeting.
Partnerships being formed at the international and national levels may provide funds and subsidies to lower the capital costs of the systems, ensuring their affordability at the lowest income levels.
On  no  terms should you give up learning English.
 They are waiting in places that suffer from internal conflicts, places still marked by poverty or lack of democracy and human rights, and places threatened by destruction of or serious damage to their environment.
A tired passenger is in one carriage of underground.
The aim is to provide early warning information on emerging issues, undertake environmental assessments, and provide support to countries to generate environmental data to inform decision-making at all levels.
'I said, 'I've only been here for eight months, but I love this company, I love the people . . . and I want you to know I'm on board,'' Mr. Snyder says.
December 2017: 67 per cent (12 out of 18 regional seas)
The decisions were not numbered.
Transportation departments of the people's governments at and above the county level shall put forward proposals for revision should they find the plans of special roads not coordinated with plans of State roads, provincial roads, county roads and township roads and the departments and units in charge of the special roads shall make revisions accordingly.
Programme for improving market participation of the poor in Ha Tinh and Tra Vinh provinces Main objective
stakeholderThe stakeholders in the peace process should be encouraged to formulate a new constitution for the country.2003 Part A Text 3 12.
ve been friends for years and thats why I couldnt understand histowards me at the party yesterday evening
And we need to ensure adequate rest.
(a) Make optimal use of environmental resources that constitute a key element in tourism development, while, at the same time, maintaining ecological balances and helping to conserve natural heritage and biodiversity;
Due to the numerous factors that impact on education and training it was recognised that Adult and Vocational Education needed to be restructured.
He said he was so sorry, but I knew there was no sincerity.
Doc. EX.CL/464 (XIV)
National currency and unit of measure: colón, United States dollars
The strategy to be undertaken includes: (a) providing assistance to member States in their efforts to initiate and implement information and communication technology and related policies; (b) strengthening their capacity in the use of information and knowledge for development; (c) sharing experiences and best practices in order to promote policy dialogue on issues related to harnessing of information for development.
We can't lose the big while chasing the small.
 20. Ms. WONG (Australia) said that her country, through its membership of the UNITAR Board of Trustees, was committed to the continuation of the restructuring and streamlining of the Institute.
(art. 1 of the Convention)
" Cert'nly -- anybody'll tell you so.
11.30 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Technical assistance (item 17 (e))
FBI, Fog! I will fire!
C. Education under attack
10-14 September
"These are very tough times for hardworking families, but the toll would be far worse if we had not acted," he said
Article 68 The procedure for introducing, deliberating and voting on a local decree bill, autonomous decree bill and special decree bill shall be formulated by the local People's Congress in accordance with the Local People's Congress and People's Government Organic Law of the People's Republic of China, as well as by reference to the provisions of Sections Two, Three and Five of Chapter Two hereof.
Humanitarian objectives should be divorced from political, economic, military or any other objectives that any actor might have vis-à-vis areas in which humanitarian assistance operations are being implemented.
On 10 November 1994, the Security Council, by its resolution 956 (1994), determined that the applicability of the trusteeship agreement had terminated with respect to the last Trust Territory, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (Palau).
Our kingdoms hold the Bearer of Peace sign in the New Astrology for ascension.
International organizations
Non-members, of course, have always been able to participate in the Council's formal open debates.
Distr.: General
2. A representative of a Party raising a point of order may not speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
She submits that despite the adoption in 2005 of the Law on Protection against Domestic Violence, the courts continue to neglect their obligation to punish perpetrators of domestic violence.
Member States should commit to ensuring full coherence between efforts to advance the green economy, on the one hand, and their solemn human rights obligations, on the other.
I don't pay you to be my advisor.
The ceremony will take place at 6:00pm on Tuesday, December 16, 2008, in the Rayson Huang Theatre at the main campus of the University.
It has, however, been emphasized that initial assumptions on which projections are based represent value judgements.
Gee whiz they carried on and on they loved the evening.
An increasing number of countries, including China, India, Malaysia, the Russian Federation, Singapore and Thailand, have well-developed programmes for assisting other developing countries, especially least developed countries, in their neighbourhoods.
Remit or pay participation fee (50% deposit or full payment) to the organizing committee within one week after booth application.
While this is not the case for the report, the personal summary and the main responsibility remain a matter for the former President of the CD.
Mr. Danon (France) (spoke in French): My country naturally associates itself with the statement delivered yesterday on behalf of the European Union, and I should like to add a few thoughts at the national level.
They take note of the intention expressed in your letter.
So Joab's men went out after him, along with the Cherethites and the Pelethites and all the mighty men; and they went out from Jerusalem to pursue Sheba the son of Bichri.
The maximum penalty for the offence is 20 years imprisonment and/or a fine of up to VT 100 million.
1. Genocide
In accordance with decision 29/COP.9, this document has been prepared on the basis of document ICCD/COP(9)/14, taking into account, as appropriate, previous reports and written proposals submitted to the COP for consideration. Contents
 The respective characteristics of the three network options are indicated below:
Refugee communities were already facing severe socio-economic hardships, including high unemployment, reduced purchasing power, inadequate housing and basic infrastructure, and restrictions on economic activity and mobility in certain fields.
The work of those bodies should be efficient, effective and expeditious.
Rapid urbanization was expected to give rise to a series of problems, such as increasing congestion, sanitation issues and health-related problems, environmental concerns and socioeconomic problems, including more poverty and greater economic disparities, and higher levels of unemployment and underemployment, especially among the youth. Notes
DGACM welcomes feedback, questions or comments pertaining to the information kiosks, which can be addressed to dgacm-feedback@un.org.
Now his luminous yellow eyes and his bears claws could clearly be seen.
On 5 and 6 October 2009, the following recorded telephone message from the Israeli enemy was received by the security office in Al-Dahiyah: "If you have information regarding Israeli prisoners, you will receive a reward of $10 million".
1. Forces armées de la République démocratique du Congo (FARDC), including fast-track integrated units of the Congrès national pour la défense du peuple (CNDP), formerly led by Laurent Nkunda and currently led by Bosco Ntaganda*‡
In areas with DDT resistance, residual spraying programmes can no longer rely on the use this insecticide.
United Nations Dispute Tribunal
An enterprise whose preparatory period has been approved may retain its registered name until the end of the preparatory period.
We have embarked on the electronic procurement pilot programme and will consider further roll-out in the Government so that we can encourage private sector suppliers to adopt electronic commerce, thereby improving their competitiveness.
This movement has aroused the masses on a large scale.
Contents
What did Audrey Raines want?
and yet, in time as you clung on to God's promises . . . God gave you a tree.
Rick DeMeyer, 28, said last Wednesday as he was celebrating his birthday at G-Daddy BBC he could understand Milwaukee's ranking.
To guarantee the rights to truth and reparation, the Act established the National Reparation and Reconciliation Commission, the majority of whose members come from civil society.
Tells the parser how to deal with a specific binary file type, as well as provides a name and an external identifier for a notation.
The Board found that significant numbers of staff in missions had failed to complete their performance appraisals.
106.2, 106.14 Accepted/in process of implementation
Broke me dad's heart, though. He was a tiny little fella, my dad.
1. The family within the context of Malagasy society
"9. Takes note, in the preceding context, of the realignment of the Division for Treaty Affairs and the Division for Operations of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and encourages it as an important step in the process of continuous improvement of the Office;
Among the international conventions acceded to by Kuwait were conventions concerning the safety of aircraft, safety of persons and marking and detection of explosives.
Seven assessment missions were conducted in the various parts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo where MONUC personnel are deployed, and monthly, quarterly and biannual analyses were prepared of all cases.
Commander Bacara and his marines opened fire on Ki-Adi-Mundi.
Article 5 Proceeds received by the taxpayer on the transfer of real estate shall include monetary proceeds, proceeds in kind and other proceeds.
And he's gonna be right here Right by your heart.
In March 2005, the Special Envoy visited Palestine, Israel, Egypt as well as Russia to exchange opinions on peace-promoting efforts.
Security in the State deteriorated dramatically during the reporting period, with a direct negative impact on the local population, the safety of internally displaced persons, and the delivery of humanitarian assistance.
This decision was based on the discovery that, in March 1997, the author had been fined by a court because of his participation, on 15 March 1997, in an unauthorized street rally commemorating the third anniversary of the adoption of the 1994 Belarus Constitution.
There were also 14 requests from prosecutor's offices and law enforcement agencies in other States.
They must expand their horizons.
I have a stomach ache.
He sent her a box of her favourite chocolates. It was a sprat to catch a mackerel, and he waited eagerly for her reply.
97. I would like to conclude by expressing my appreciation for the dedicated service of my Special Representative for the Sudan, Haile Menkerios, as well as all military, police and civilian personnel serving in UNMIS.
8. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled "United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Asia and the Pacific". 71st plenary meeting
The Co-Chairs welcomed the constructive engagement of both Presidents.
Why would you humiliate me in front of my friends?
And perhaps that is what you want.
Convinced of the importance of the recommendations in the resolution entitled "The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development", adopted by the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), held at Vienna from 19 to 30 July 1999, and the need to promote the use of space technology towards implementing the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
"My daughter looks well, and that's enough for me," he said.
(h) Continue efforts to provide an effective legal aid system by, inter alia, public financing of defence counsel offices, providing adequate remuneration, and involving the Bar Association in coordinating appointments;
(ii) Due to the fact that Austrian schilling contributions were converted to United States dollars at the exchange rate in effect at the time of receipt, and to the fact that Austrian schilling contributions unpaid at 31 December 2001 were revalued at the rate in effect at that date (US$ 1 = AS 15.4528), the value of the assessment decreased by $14,758,985 (a loss of $15,955,300 as stated in (i) above less $1,196,315 gain resulting from fluctuating exchange rates during the biennium on receipt of contributions) to $118,150,615.
Numerous experiments have been performed to establish the erodibility of the soil.
Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.
International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991
It is only possible in sports for individuals, like golf, tennis and motor racing.
In this context, calls for serious negotiations for a peaceful settlement of the Jammu and Kashmir dispute in accordance with the will of the people of Jammu and Kashmir.
July 2009
By discussing the material with my teacher I can gain more than I would if I just memorized facts.
45. During the sixtieth session of the Commission on Human Rights, six additional meetings were held without any evening or weekend meetings.
That's when I knew I'd incorporated the change and really become a dad.
This is completely unacceptable!
The Committee is concerned at the lack of priority attention given to women in employment policies, which could heighten vulnerability in the economic adjustment process that the country is going through, particularly the lack of measures to reconcile family and work responsibilities and the persistence of pay differentials for work of equal value.
The project involved both women and men in all aspects of planning, design and implementation.
Coming from Africa herself, she knew the type of pressure that family members and society were likely to bring to bear on a female victim of conjugal violence.
International Renewable Energy Agency (General Assembly resolution 66/110)
Xiliao River
All these special effects will enhance your work.
 Particular efforts would be made to bring governments not normally regarded as donors into the donor fold and to seek non-traditional donors such as defence establishments and the private sector;
As the number of cases in court, including appeals, has increased these assistants have had to cope with an ever-increasing workload.
(d) Notes that public awareness is a prerequisite for public participation in decision-making for sustainable development and is closely linked to access to information;
October 2010
In that connection, he reiterated that the programme of technical cooperation activities in support of Palestinian trade, finance and investment, shipping and multimodal transport was based on the outcome of the major intersectoral research and investigation project which the secretariat had initiated following its approval by the General Assembly.
On average 5 meetings per month with central Lebanese authorities, including the Ministries of Education, Health, Energy and Water, Social Affairs and Agriculture on technical issues related to joint projects and activities in southern Lebanon, including quick-impact projects, in areas such as education and awareness-raising, capacity-building for women's agro-cooperatives, the environment and social development
(c) Promoting religious and cultural tourism;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 13 September 2007
The Bishop almost regretted having come, and yet he felt vaguely and strangely shaken.
The kidnapped children were boarded in a shed.
28. The United Nations recognizes the utmost importance of strengthening response mechanisms and building resilience to disasters through increased partnership, cooperation and information exchange among national and international response actors.
Each Government and international organization will be provided with a confidential list containing the individual recommendations made in respect of its claimants.
As a matter of fact,most parents are saving money for their money for their children
St. Charles, Arkansas
He was cold and sober.
56. Juan Alberto Contreras Acevedo, arrested on 30 April 1994 by carabineros of La Victoria station, Santiago.
Letter dated 15 February 1995 from the Chargé d'affaires
Or are they an indication that a better fit or structure might be found?
Design and Application of Ecological Slop- protecting Material to Prevent the Cutting and Slope from being Corroded
23. Accordingly, the Mauritanian State will supplement any investment in this area by up to 10 per cent.
1. The work programme of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2013 has been prepared in accordance with the relevant provisions of the report of the Counter-Terrorism Committee on its revitalization (S/2004/124, annex) and takes into account the work programme of the Committee for the same period, as well as directions provided to it by the Security Council in its resolution 1963 (2010).
4. Ms. Simms noted, with reference to article 10 of the Convention, that only about 60 per cent of girls in the interior were in school and asked what the Government was doing to ensure that girl students in the interior received a good education.
To help China achieve sustainable development by increasing public awareness and strengthening public involvement.
It also presents information on the feasibility study on the review of safety and security in the United Nations system organizations undertaken by the JIU in 2013.
1. The Chinese are great people.
BERLIN – Fuad Siniora, Lebanon’s former prime minister, is a thoughtful man with deep experience in Middle Eastern politics.
Equality during marriage implies that husband and wife should participate equally in responsibility and authority within the family.
Page
A mission was established only after an exploratory mission to the host country to assess whether it would be politically advisable, logistically feasible and useful for the democratic development of the country, and to determine what other types of financial, material or technical assistance were needed.
These two factors – low mortgage rates, and the fact that the country has filled up so much that our cars no longer marginalize location costs – go a long way toward explaining the surge in housing prices over the past decade or so.
The representative of Turkey made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/57/L.22.
4. The committee will meet with a wide spectrum of personalities in Gaza including representatives of international organisations, non-governmental organizations, prominent actors in Gaza, victims affected by the armed conflict and others that it deems useful for achieving its objectives.
11th meeting Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly [60 (a)]
III.
Maintain all Demo equipment in proper order.
Delegations are reminded that PaperSmart services are offered as an additional service for the Second Committee at the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
At the end of this process, you still have a plaintext password in the database.
(c) Law No. 2007-005 of 10 January 2007 on reproductive health.
Baby goes to her local hospital for an examination, reports the rape to police and confides in her family and friends for support.
Peru plans to sue Yale University for the return of 4,900 artifacts taken from Machu Picchu, the fabled Inca citadel, by a U.S. explorer nearly a century ago, the government said on Thursday.
Everlasting
She noted the goal of 50/50 gender distribution within the Secretariat by the year 2000 in all categories of posts and hoped that the principle of equitable geographical distribution would indeed be respected.
(b) whether it knows the number of cruise ships that berthed in Hong Kong last year and their total berthing time; and how such figures compare with the relevant estimated figures upon the commissioning of the cruise terminal which is under planning; and the average level of pollutant emissions per hour from such cruise ships when they berthed in Hong Kong, including the types and amount of pollutants;
Based on several decades of experience, those activities provide a vital other dimension to the work of the system, mostly at the country level, but also through intercountry, regional and global programmes.
In this regard, the Group is of the opinion that, as much as possible, States should implement more stringent rules on firearms regulations, acquisition of weapons, ammunition, explosives and certain dual-use items to ensure that they are banned from public access and are only accessible to law enforcement and government agencies.
Intergovernmental Forum on Chemical Safety
"Peace consolidation in West Africa
Yes, I am interested to participate in the above trade mission. The following are my particulars.
The appropriation of this amount would be considered by the General Assembly in accordance with the procedures for the use and operations of the contingency fund.
In conclusion, the delegation of Egypt would like to express its support for your efforts, Mr. Chairman, to arrive at effective recommendations regarding nuclear disarmament and at confidence-building measures in a balanced manner that can lead to the maintenance of international peace and security.
Has experience working in international companies. The best will be have experience working abroad.
(b) Progress reports by project and financial reports as at 31 December of the previous year are sent to each donor in April every year
Also, extradition processes were complex and time-consuming.
Can you imagine how much he paid for that carCan you believe that I bought a TV for $25 33.
The research founded that some shops try to make the queue looks shorter by changing the situation of check-out stand.
Meaningful participation requires resources, time and planning, and should be seen as a process rather than an event, with multiple entry points through which members of the public can engage.
Report of the Secretary-General concerning the credentials of the representatives and deputies and alternate representatives of the members of the Security Council elected for the period 2013-2014
An orange light will be activated 30 seconds before the end of the five minutes allotted to the speaker.
Contents
Although we increased preschool coverage from 75.7 per cent to 99.7 per cent, we have only managed to increase school enrolment by 0.4 per cent.
In August, follow-up testing of paired-serum samples found a fourfold rise in neutralization antibody titer for H5N1, a test result which meets the WHO criteria for laboratory confirmation.
It was also encouraging that Mr. Bengt Lindqvist, former Minister for Social Affairs of Sweden, had been appointed Special Rapporteur.
Nicolas Vallar
However, progress is uneven and the expansion of the epidemic itself is often outstripping the pace at which services are being brought to scale.
They were based on the resolutions adopted at the sixty-first session, but had been updated to reflect recent developments on the ground and international efforts towards the resumption of the peace process.
Questions for experts
Paragraph 2
Introduction
2000/216 Report of the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations on its resumed 1999 session and provisional agenda for the 2000 session of the Committee
Telephone me the moment you get the results.
Bhut jolokia
10 reports on state of rule of law in countries with peacekeeping operations, Police Papers and guidelines for national police in various aspects of policing, and revised concept of operations
Identical letters dated 5 October 2009 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
If God could sing, then his voice should sounds like Andrea Bocelli!
(iii) Expenditures for future financial periods are not charged to the current financial period and are recorded as deferred charges (see item k (vi) below).
(c) Encourage efforts by the United Nations Evaluation Group to study how evaluation can best contribute to mainstreaming sustainable development in the work of the United Nations system;
Swiss Re
Letter dated 5 October 2004 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(c) That the Commission, immediately following the closure of a regular session, would hold the first meeting of its subsequent regular session for the sole purpose of electing the new Chairman and other members of the Bureau, in accordance with rule 15 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Council;
50. Chile prosecuted an international cartel involving the leading companies in the hermetic compressors market (Whirlpool S.A. and Tecumseh do Brasil Ltda) for having engaged in price-fixing agreements.
24. Cuba maintained a high level of cooperation and interaction with the procedures and mechanisms of the United Nations system in the area of human rights, which were implemented universally and on a non-discriminatory basis.
68th PLENARY MEETING
Sixteenth report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo*
The Committee has consistently expressed the view that the crime of torture is qualitatively distinguishable from the various forms of homicide and assault that exist and therefore should be separately defined as a crime.
(ii) The focus will be on providing advisory services and training activities, in response to requests from Governments, to assist in building national capacity in trade- and investment-related areas pertaining, in particular to the World Trade Organization, including accession and multilateral negotiations; carrying out regional, subregional and interregional cooperation programmes and dealing with trade preference issues; identifying export potentialities and promoting export markets for particular products and services; developing export strategies; formulating and implementing export and import policy regimes; and implementing multilateral and regional trade and investment agreements and mechanisms, such as the Bangkok Agreement, the ongoing Doha round of negotiations and related World Trade Organization issues, as well as developing enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises.
Source: Education Statistical Digest, March 2006.
Proposed revised
Yet developing countries would gain more than 15 times that amount annually from further trade liberalization, according to one study by the Tinbergen Institute.
In addition to country specific studies and situation analyses, in its last round of Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS) being carried out in 2005, UNICEF has included questions related to the mother tongue, religion and ethnic group of the head of the household.
Measures to combat money-launderingThere was no discussion on this article during the informal preparatory meeting.
Would you excuse me, please.
Processed foods such as white sugar and flour, canned or fast foods have been shown in studies to actually weaken the immune system.
SG Yamaichi
The local Pegmatite was introduced into the body mud of stoneware basing on research, analysis, and process test. The resources were exploited, the cost of production was decreased.
Source: United Nations development goals in Kazakhstan on the threshold of the new millennium, 2002.
She went away; she shut the door.
Is there anything you can do to help?
And each slow dusk a drawing-down of blinds.
The introduction of the report contains information about resolutions adopted by the Commission and the Economic and Social Council that have a bearing on the themes of the Global Programme of Action, as well as an evaluation of progress made by States on its implementation and recommendations to improve that implementation.
If strong action is not taken soon, the cracks will only widen, generating increasingly powerful political discord and, ultimately, dooming the entire European project.
Don't work too hard.
31. The Advisory Committee was informed that the peacekeeping and special political missions in the area (the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, UNDOF, the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus, the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization, the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for Lebanon and the United Nations International Independent Investigation Commission) share training resources and expertise and coordinate their training programmes to optimize regional participation.
Other group based competency development initiatives have also been facilitated for women in mid-life.
Why would I interrogate you,John?
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change had its own budget and its own secretariat.
A clean, well-lighted cafe was a very different thing.
Room 9
Sixth Committee
If the salinity of ocean waters is analyzed, it is found to vary only slightly from place to place.
100. In the DRC, regulations governing vocational guidance, training, employment and the profession of persons apply to all workers without distinction as to race, colour, sex, religion or nationality.
B. International commitments of Côte d'Ivoire in the field of human rights 80 17
The short time available for the meeting means that effective time management will be crucial to its success.
Joe Davis
(a) To develop and operationalize an integrated transport network to support mobility, trade and tourism through the completion of the missing links and upgrading of the Asian Highway and Trans-Asian Railway, and through improvements in shipping and intermodal connections, including ports;
In peacetime, Shichang is mainly used for the training of both PLA Navy and merchant ship crews.
As regards the transplanted nature of the islands' inhabitants, the Argentine Government can only reaffirm that the inhabitants are British subjects who have stayed on the islands under the protection of a strict migratory policy that has, in general, discriminated systematically against mainland Argentines.
6.The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
One country Party reported that it had provided financial support to other developing country Parties, as grants or loans, for development programmes, including programmes to combat desertification.
Regarding the Liang museum of cultural relics which progressed fast, strove for more victories , absorbed more experiences is the current biggest pursue.
Furthermore, UNRWA disclosed in the notes to the financial statements $2.5 million for repatriation grant liabilities and $1.8 million for leave pay liabilities for international staff.
That face said, It is nothing, it will all end better than people think.
Therefore, the system the amount of grams of liquid directly affect the amount of fluid within the evaporator.
The reason stated was that by law such persons were regarded as incapable of "forming malice aforethought".
See Council decision 1999/251.
Since most of the funds were private capital, this distribution seems to confirm the view that foreign investors are attracted to economies when reforms and stabilization policies are in place and credible and when the prospects for growth seem reasonably firm.
C. Preparation, attendance and participation
 The Committee was further concerned about the absence of legislation prohibiting discrimination on racial grounds in Northern Ireland and the ensuing lack of adequate protection available to ethnic minorities including, in particular, travellers and persons of Chinese origin.
The human resources of the Base are provided for under the support component.
Finally, the programme will seek to further reinforce the integration of its normative, analytical and operational activities so that its role in the creation of knowledge and the deepening of Member States' understanding of policy choices and their outcomes in the areas it covers, and its contribution to the generation of norms, standards and legislation, may enhance its support for Member States through operational work.
It was no gathering or lounging place.
- Regardless whether CFA remains in force, the monitoring mission should not be called upon to investigate violations of CFA.
Copies a symbol reference that can be pasted into a designer; also copies the full path and name of the selected item to the Clipboard.
His peacefulness and friendliness gradually drew 500 followers to his side.
The Roman Catholic Church has a unique dual status and is recognized within the United Nations system as a non-member State with Permanent Observer status.
302. The report of the Secretary-General entitled "Towards global partnerships"54 discusses these issues in more detail, stressing that the central purpose of cooperation between the United Nations and non-state actors is to enable the Organization to serve Member States and their people more effectively, while remaining true to the principles of the Charter.
Korea: Oh Young-ju, Eun Sung-ho, Hwang Kwang-ho
Bertaucourt-Epourdon
Do you have what it takes to make it to the winner's circle?
the forth chapter constructs the system of the standard cost management in state grid corporation of China;
I hope that I can live in a house with a garden.
A kind of techno - economic comparison method was presented to analyze heat - driven and electricity - driven air - conditioning system.
The MDG Summit outcome document and the deliberations and ideas generated in the various events attended by the Director-General will guide UNIDO efforts in accelerating progress towards the MDGs through the promotion of sustainable industrial development.
Stearidonic acid
15 October 1992a
The Office worked closely with task force members in carrying out the needs assessment.
There was support for the concept of regional implementation forums, which offer an opportunity for building relevant partnerships that can be replicated and monitored to deliver the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation and the Millennium Development Goals.
China regulated against content that is degrading to women.
And in the general atmosphere of a recession, out-of-control spending tends to slow down as everybody tightens their belts.
The experimental results show that the network has strong capability of forecasting.
Pursuant to paragraph 7 of its resolution 57/5, the Commission initiated a series of intersessional meetings, starting on 10 June 2014, with a view to preparing the open-ended special segments on preparations for the special session of the General Assembly, to be held during the reconvened fifty-seventh session of the Commission, in December 2014, and the regular fifty-eighth session, in March 2015.
(e) that all States shall freeze all funds, financial assets and economic resources that are on their territories on the date of adoption of this resolution or at any time thereafter, that are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the persons designated by the Committee pursuant to subparagraph (c) above, or that are held by entities owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such persons or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and decides further that all States shall ensure that no funds, financial assets or economic resources are made available by their nationals or by any persons within their territories to or for the benefit of such persons or entities;
Main professional activities
(d) The right of all peoples to peace;
Eight videos on the benefits of the CDM were produced and distributed widely through social media.
d like to have your suggestion and comments
Report of the Meeting of Experts
 In certain instances there has been a tendency for both Government and United Nations agencies to treat the Summit as essentially a UNICEF concern and to look to UNICEF as the primary United Nations agency responsible for Summit follow-up.
The German Government would like to convey its deepest condolences to the relatives of the victims.
AIDS.
, the main Internet gateway to government information and services, was soft launched in September 2006 and officially introduced in August 2007 to provide user-friendly e-government services.
Building sustainable national capacity
Nor does it mean that COX-2 inhibitors, which repress COX-2 activity, will necessarily lead to weight gain.
The daily timetable of a three-hour ceasefire does not appear to be producing any favourable changes in the situation.
The Imperative for the Inclusion of Children with Disabilities covering Millennium Development Goal 2: Universal Access to Education by 2015
However, the world had since become centred around a single strategic pole, which had the potential to undermine the Treaty and the non-proliferation regime through a lack of transparency.
In case of illness of the child that is up to 7 years old, of a child with disabilities having periodic affections - until the reach of 16 years, the medical leave certificate for nursing the sick child is issued to the mother or the father for a period of up to 14 calendar days (in case of ambulatory medical assistance) or for a period of up to 30 calendar days (in case of stationary medical assistance for which period the child requires nursing).
In light of this data, we suggest that oblique lumbar MRI can precisely demonstrate nerve roots in foramina and extraforaminal areas.
"That song is a hit with teeangers" That song is a hit with young people.
There are various regional South-South financial and monetary cooperation arrangements including: (a) initiatives in sub-Saharan Africa, in particular in the context of the Economic Community of West African States and the Southern African Development Community; (b) the Islamic Development Bank and the Arab Monetary Fund; (c) subregional developments in Latin America and the Caribbean and the six-member Latin American Reserve Fund; (d) the Asian Clearing Union; and (e) the Chiang Mai Initiative adopted by the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, China, Japan and the Republic of Korea.
President of the Security Council
Before proceeding to try such persons, the Mechanism shall consider referring the case to the authorities of a State in accordance with Article 6 of the present Statute, taking into account the interests of justice and expediency.
Mr. Maurer (Switzerland) (spoke in French): Five years ago, we laid the foundation for a peacebuilding structure within the United Nations system.
No, I've got you. I've got my work.
The sights of spring are bright and enchanting, and flowers compete in splendor.
8. Also expresses deep concern at the practice of asiwalid, whereby parents send their disobedient children to be kept in prison until they order them to be released, which continues to prevail, with all the negative human rights implications this entails;
said she.I will take care of it, and remember all that you have told me; but you mustshow me the old man's grave
People can get sick if they eat food touched by floodwaters.
11. Sub-paragraph 7(iv) of the First report should be amended as follows:
Epidemic malaria is the cause of up to 12 million malaria episodes and between 155,000 and 310,000 deaths per year among people of all ages in Africa alone.
When it is not possible to obtain precise information, such as information on migrant workers whose status is irregular, the Committee would appreciate receiving data based on studies or approximate calculations.
K. General Comments under article 40, paragraph 4, of the Covenant
28. The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the Secretary-General's proposals.
In this regard, the Permanent Mission of Cuba would like to know if there are regulations from official agencies of the United States Government such as those described, and would appreciate an official response on this matter.
"Well, then, what'll we make him the ink out of?
Strengthening regional support for persons with disabilities into the twenty-first century
e Participated at the 6668th meeting, on 23 November 2011.
The vast majority of cases mentioned in the allegations have nothing to do with illicit trafficking and dumping of hazardous wastes; these include alleged cases involving operations in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, Myanmar, Peru and Nigeria.
Works of literature and art as ideological forms are products of the reflection in the human brain of the life of a given society.
While several speakers acknowledged the efforts made by some donor countries to achieve or even exceed the target of allocating 0.7 per cent of gross national income to ODA, there was concern that the majority of developed countries had not yet met their commitments.
Resources from the Fund are to be used to assist in halving extreme poverty by 2015 and in the achievement of other Millennium Development Goals, such as halving the proportion of people without access to safe water, reducing child mortality by two thirds and maternal mortality by three quarters, achieving universal access to basic education and improving the lives of slum-dwellers.
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (General Assembly resolution 48/5)
Organizational matters:
Resolution 1540 (2004) requires that all States take and enforce effective measures to establish domestic controls to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery, including controls over related materials.
It is expected that future developments may include extension of the ABS business technology use survey to include details of all electronic commerce, such as using non-Internet based electronic data interchange (EDI).
A major effort during the Plan period will be to work closely with United Nations country teams to mainstream the sustainable urbanization and urban poverty agenda within the United Nations development assistance framework and poverty reduction strategy processes and the country assistance strategies of the World Bank Group;
In the past 10-odd years China has speeded up urbanization.
Article 45.Both parents shall enjoy the equal right to guardianship of their minor child (children).
Agenda item 5, on outcomes of intergovernmental meetings of relevance to the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum, was considered in the Committee of the Whole.
The company has located on the West Coast.
The role of UNODC in that process would be to facilitate dialogue between the national authorities and relevant development partners to seek support for the programme by, inter alia, ensuring that the activities are in line with the needs validated through the review process, without imposing itself as an implementing agency.
Solve interesting quests to help Little Bear to bake a cake onhis birthday. You will get top secret recipe for cherry cake.
United Nations African Meeting on the Question of Palestine, Rabat, 1 and 2 July 2010 (Working Paper No. 6)
As he came to the wall of trees, it opened, and he went through
It's interesting. I can't really picture that, though.
Subject to that change, the Working Group approved the substance of article 22.
The baby was abandoned at birth.
US college student recently committed suicide by taking a drug overdose in front of a live webcam as 1500 people watched online egging him on.
Agenda items 17, 18 and 108
Arsenic is generated as a by-product in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Paragraph 2 proposed multilateral negotiations to develop effective transfer guidelines, a similar proposal being under consideration in the context of the ad hoc group dealing with the question of biological weapons.
1. Election of the officers of the Main Committees [item 5].
With the political will of the 191 Member States behind it, expressed through their parliaments, the Commission would go on to play an essential role.
It also recalls that the separation of a person from his family by means of expulsion could be regarded as an arbitrary interference with the family and a violation of article 17 if, in the circumstances of the case, the separation of the author from his family and its effects on him were disproportionate to the objectives of the removal.
21. Stresses the importance of strengthened accountability in the Organization and of ensuring greater accountability of the Secretary-General to Member States, inter alia, for the effective and efficient implementation of legislative mandates on procurement and the related use of financial and human resources, as well as the provision of necessary information on procurement-related matters to enable Member States to make well-informed decisions;
2. The HIPC initiative
Cahuzac-sur-Adour
E. Operational guidance for the secretariat
A core principle of the social protection system is that both nationals and non-nationals can access it equally.
The Conference of the Parties may also wish to approve the draft decision guidance document forwarded by the Chemical Review Committee
The Executive Board,
Assieu
34. Draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.54 was adopted.
The young man stole a kiss on the girl's face.
With the coming into effect of the both the Rotterdam Convention on the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for Certain Hazardous Chemicals and Pesticides in International Trade and the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, two current trust funds, namely, the General Trust Fund in Support of the Preparation for and Negotiation of an Internationally Legally Binding Instrument for International Action on Persistent Organic Pollutants and Related Information Exchange and Technical Assistance Activities (PO) and the General Trust Fund in Support of the Preparation for and Negotiation of an Internationally Legally Binding Instrument for the Application of the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for Certain Hazardous Chemicals in International Trade (PP), will either be reclassified to conventions trust funds if the Parties to those Conventions decide to retain them, or will be wound up and closed.
16. Training for young diplomats within the framework of the United Nations disarmament fellowship, training and advisory services programme involves some 30 fellows selected primarily from developing countries.
Independent and identically distributed random variables
Along with habituation, which is closely related, spatial memory is another reason why consistency across and within applications is good.
The trainee explained policy to the accused repeatedly, but the accused still absolutely deny.
26.4 The proposed programme budget for 2008-2009 reflects the continued commitment of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to ensuring effective and accountable emergency response coordination, both in the field and at Headquarters; improving the development and implementation of humanitarian policy and facilitating the translation of policy into practice through the provision of support to field offices, country teams, national Governments and non-governmental organizations; implementing a strategic advocacy plan, in collaboration with relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations and Government authorities; strengthening and extending its information role within the humanitarian community; and developing the Office into a well-funded, sustainably structured and well-managed organization.
The various technical components of Major Programme C will be implemented to varying degrees and in varying combinations in all of the regions falling within the scope of UNIDO's technical cooperation activities.
The SBSTA invited all Parties in a position to do so to provide to the secretariat, for posting on TT:CLEAR, information relating to opportunities for joint research and development programmes/projects relevant to the provisions of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention.
Counting carbohydrate servings can help you reach your blood glucose goals and prevent diabetes complications .
Stop chasing red herrings and get back to the point.
Acting outside the framework of existing legal norms has the potential to undermine the universality of the rule of law and human rights.
(Agenda item 3) 10 - 29 3
104. Some delegations expressed support for the ongoing initiatives at international organizations regarding the treatment of persons rescued at sea, including the work of IMO and the cooperation among IOM, UNHCR and the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex).
My life got brillant when I got you oh oh
I've always wanted to pull a sheet off something And say "voil?"
Expressing grave concern about the continuing systematic violation of the human rights of the Palestinian people by Israel, the occupying Power, including that arising from the excessive use of force, the use of collective punishment, the reoccupation and closure of areas, the confiscation of land, the establishment and expansion of settlements, the construction of the wall inside the Occupied Palestinian Territory in departure from the Armistice Line of 1949, the destruction of property and infrastructure, and all other actions by it designed to change the legal status, geographical nature and demographic composition of the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem,
281. About one fourth of the population residing in Switzerland takes part in organized volunteer work or does at least one volunteer activity in an association or organization.
302. The Committee took note of the comments made at the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of Women on the obstacles mentioned in the report.
7. The role of science and technology in the context of international security and disarmament: report of the First Committee (A/56/531) [70]
We've still got to carry out an evaluation of the results.
Somebody is taking me away!
With respect to the machinery and equipment, being assigned a fixed price and used as contributing investment, an inventory listing in detail the assigning of fixed prices as contributing investment, including the names, categories, quantities, and the assignment of prices, shall be made and submitted to the examining and approval organ as an appendix to the application for the establishment of the foreign-capital enterprise.
3-6 p.m.
Section 28E, Administration, Geneva
He took it that it was the wish of the Conference to appoint Mr. Kolarov to that office.
:: Promoted from the General Service category to the Professional category.
The NonProliferation Treaty (NPT) remains the cornerstone of nuclear non-proliferation.
179. While noting with appreciation the establishment of the National Adoption Council, the Committee is concerned about the insufficient safeguards to protect fully the rights of children in the process of international adoption.
Épinonville
A/RES/58/177
2. The election to fill the positions of seven members of the Tribunal whose terms of office expire on 30 September 2011 will be held at the twenty-first Meeting of States Parties, which will take place from 13 to 17 June 2011 in New York.
182 We have agreed on all terms in the contract. Shall we sign it next week
So how do we get through our jobs on a daily basis?
Report of the Secretary-General on the first performance report of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for the biennium 2010-2011
The UNCTAD secretariat was requested to strengthen technical cooperation in this field, in conjunction with the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, in order to support developing countries in the incorporation of science and technology into their development strategy.
76. The Chairperson invited the Committee to take action on draft resolution A/C.2/65/L.15/Rev.1, which had no programme budget implications.
It may also recommend for free education and health facilities, vocational training, loan facility and employment services to victims.
Slave, serf, bondsman The peasant farmers were the thralls of the lord of the castle.
The recommendation has been implemented and bank reconciliations are now prepared on a monthly basis.
57. In its resolution 66/246, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure that the IPSAS implementation is completed no later than 2014, and reaffirmed that the enterprise resource planning system would serve as the backbone for the IPSAS implementation.
Ask students what they might do if they see another student being bullied.
Briefing on the visit of the Chair to Burundi of 26-28 May 2009; preparations for the third biannual review of the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding in Burundi
The application of high temperature air furnace made hot air temperature furnace Lining life to prolong.
2. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit the report of the Ad Hoc Committee to the Commission for Social Development at its forty-second session and to the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session, and further requests both Commissions to continue to contribute to the work of the Ad Hoc Committee;
The Conference calls upon all States parties, in acting in pursuance of the objectives of the Treaty, to observe the legitimate right of all States parties, in particular developing States, to full access to nuclear material, equipment and technological information for peaceful purposes.
The function of Education in people "s development has his inherent basis. "
Palestine
79. Her Government was grateful to the international community for the assistance that had been provided to it, especially its fruitful cooperation with UNICEF.
The established institutional inter-agency arrangements as mentioned earlier are vested with the task of promoting human rights under their mandate.
In the process, you'll become well liked and build self confidence.
At its first meeting, on 18 September 2000, the Working Group adopted its agenda, as contained in document E/CN.4/2000/WG.18/2.
As years go by, the conference has been taking on a leading role among events devoted to social problems, thanks to the relevance of its participants' contributions and to the institutions supporting it, such as the United Nations, the Council of Europe, the European Parliament, the Presidency and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Italian Republic and the International Red Cross.
He added this would help to highlight the different needs and priorities of various sectors of society when it comes to roaming fees.
Concerned in particular about the excessive length of some periodic reports submitted under the Convention,
8. The adoption by the Human Rights Council at its first session, and the possible adoption by the General Assembly at its sixty-first session, of the Convention is not expected to give rise to programme budget implications for the biennium 2006-2007.
28. The Office of the Spokesman for the Secretary-General conducts the daily noon briefing and keeps the press, delegations and the public informed, not only of the work of the Secretary-General, but also of developments throughout the United Nations system.
In response to a specific article 34 notification, KPA stated that it was not able to provide repair invoices, proof of payment or other documentary evidence to support its claim that the repairs were undertaken by National in the amounts asserted.
I am really into ethnic and retro items.
4.2 In relation to the claim under article 27 and the requirement under article 1 of the Optional Protocol, it points to that the authors' "main argument is that Norwegian law regarding the acquisition of rights derived by use since time immemorial, as it has been interpreted and practised by the Norwegian courts, in itself constitutes a violation of article 27" and considers this to be an actio popularis which should not be addressed by the Committee.
Upon arrival, the group interviewed the manager of the chemical branch and asked about the centre's activities, the types of drugs analysed, the centre's administrative structure and any changes that had occurred in it over the past four years.
Acidic fibroblast growth factor: evaluation of topical formulations in a diabetic mouse wound healing model.
With regard to IPSAS, the Office continues its work to implement IPSAS-compliant accounting policies, develop the related procedures and undertake relevant training for affected staff.
In Germany, information on the gender dimension of HIV is collected, while Paraguay is developing an index relating to persons living with HIV to improve programmes and public policies aimed at achieving universal prevention, treatment and support.
The request to include item 159 in the agenda of the fifty-second session was not in line with the provisions of the Charter or with that resolution.
3. In the second paragraph, for geographic read geospatial
Eco-efficient water infrastructure is a strategic approach to harmonizing water infrastructure and the environment.
So the Swedish government says the World Health Organization has decided to declare a global flu pandemic, but no official announcement yet.
1. Opening of the session.
There are still many problems of environmental protection in recent years
Thereby, made certain contribution for support and the development of stimulative agriculture and rural economics.
The strategies for achieving the results in the four programmatic clusters of water and sanitation, urban waste management, urban mobility and urban energy will be as follows:
Jointly safeguard the international arms control, disarmament and non-proliferation regimes and step up consultation and coordination on the basis of mutual respect; strengthen exchange and cooperation on non-proliferation and export control and the prevention of weaponization of and arms race in outer space; jointly contribute to the resolution of the issue of anti-personnel landmines and explosive remnants of war; and enhance cooperation in implementing the international arms control treaties.
It's gonna be fine, okay? Trust me.
14. The Secretary-General has taken further steps towards the implementation of General Assembly resolution 59/259 in respect of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Organization, including strengthening dialogue with that organization and promoting cooperation and coordination between the two secretariats and between the specialized agencies and other organizations and programmes of the United Nations system and BSEC, on joint programmes pertaining to fields of common interest to both organizations.
(c) The murders of Protestant Christian ministers should be the subject of a thorough, careful and impartial investigation.
The Chief of the Information Systems Unit supports the computer application systems that service the Fund's operations in the areas of financial services, client services, participation and separations, and also supports certain projects in the Investment Management Service.
Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that human resources action plans are formulated at the level of Under-Secretary-General or head of mission.
As he watched the Niagara Falls, he thought of the grandeur of nature.
Technical Regulatory Analysis Report
The environment within which the Mission will operate in the 2013/14 budget period is expected to continue to evolve in terms of mode of work with local authorities, and the changes in activities and expected lower deployed strength of other international actors operating under the same overarching mandate.
B. For prostitution
158. Dhafir Abdulhadi Dhafir Al-Rashidi
(b) Contractual arrangements and harmonization of conditions of service (A/65/305/Add.1);
Deployment of 367 officers delayed owing to adjustments in their training schedule given the capacity limitations at the Police Academy (2004/05: 866; 2005/06: 2,300; 2006/07: 3,133)
The field of industrial ecology has begun to take hold, in which industrial production is designed as a closed loop, where the waste from one activity is used as input into another.
The first model in its final form was completed in 1938.
Yesterday I paid him a visit.
How do you like the game?
Consultations confirmed my understanding so far that this proposal is not a "takeitorleave-it package" and that, although there should not be a specific hierarchy in the seven items which have been suggested, some may be considered as being at a more advanced stage for negotiation or discussion.
Reporting on implementation
because I feel very tired when i write here
Museums in Finland by city
Denmark and Greenland
Harbour Glacier
Mrs. wane will be able to show you examples when she calls.
"Third-party effectiveness of a retention-of-title or financial lessor's right in proceeds of tangible property other than inventory or consumer goods
2. In the event that the Tribunal is unable to meet approved expenditures for 2003 from appropriations made in the budget line "Maintenance of premises", the Meeting of States Parties authorizes the Registrar to incur expenditures to the extent that the shortfall in appropriations results from exchange rate fluctuations.
At one chateau, as we descended a narrow spiral staircase, we both remarked—almost simultaneously—that the staircase sagged inward toward its central support beam.
Since the twenty-fifth meeting of the Open-ended Working Group, further information has been submitted by the People's Democratic Republic of Korea and Romania on their requests for process agents and Brazil has resubmitted its request.
It recalled the role of UNCTAD as the focal point within the United Nations for the integrated treatment of trade and development and interrelated issues in the areas of finance, technology, investment and sustainable development, and invited the Trade and Development Board to contribute, within its mandate, to the implementation and to the review of progress made in the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits, under its relevant agenda items.
Women, single, age 45-64
15. In its recommendation 2/6, the Committee entrusted a drafting group, which included Mr. Burney, Ms. Chung, Mr. Heinz and Mr. Hüseynov, with the task of preparing the above-mentioned study.
The signing of the tripartite agreement for the voluntary return of Somali refugees from Kenya was an important step, although delegations stressed that returns must be voluntary and carried out with appropriate consideration given to each person's particular circumstances and security conditions in areas of return.
The fiction did not serve the interests of the Organization.
Living Standards Measurement Study
IAEA International Atomic Energy Agency
The budget for the Department of Conservation and Fishery in 1999 was $865,600 and in 2000 it was $913,000.
Tolerance and pluralism as indivisible elements in the promotion and protection of human rights
(15) Many objections are formulated in respect of reservations that are considered impermissible, either because they are prohibited by the treaty or because they are incompatible with its object and purpose, without precluding the entry into force of the treaty.
(c) Working methods of the Commission.
In addition, to enable rapid progress, scientific knowledge needs to be properly packaged for policymakers to allow them to deal effectively with complex issues.
Had the Australian Darrell Hair, one of the umpires, exceeded his authority in declaring that Pakistan had forfeited the match by a temporary refusal to play on?
68. Mr. Riofrío (Ecuador) said that his country had set up a National Council under its Code for Children and Adolescents to serve as a focal point to deal with violence against children.
" The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, "Which do you want, son?
All death sentences should be commuted and a moratorium on executions be declared.
(a) Business and development (resolutions 54/204 of 22 December 1999 and 55/188 of 20 December 2000);
Such wave fronts are seperated from one another by one - half wavelength.
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General introduced the report and made the following points:
Since Mission start-up UNMIL staff has participated in four training courses in UNAMSIL.
Use of information received
Rolfe: So much that I even thought of sending you a telegram, just so that I'd be able to deliver it here.
Ransbach-Baumbach
However, the vast majority of MOTAPM are cleared by dogs that are bred locally.
Asia and the Pacific
(Special Consultative Status since 1954)
A 30-second video available on YouTube shows an actual video of the bearded Al-Qaida leader with garble dubbed over his real voice and subtitles stating why he is right for the job. "I enjoy the outdoors and sandy areas," the subtitles read
 In accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/155 of 20 December 1993, I have the honour to transmit information on the situation of human rights in Latvia and Estonia (see annex).
HIV/AIDS
A second sale of CERs took place in June 2009, when 500,000 CERs were sold at an average price of EUR 11.46 per tonne.
Population density, availability of key natural resources, per capita income and urban and agricultural conditions differ between the crowded coastal plain and the less densely populated West Bank.
If the place of payment is not specified on a bill of exchange, the business premises, domicile or habitual residence of the drawee is the place of payment.
Austria increased the relevant tax rate in May 1996.
A total of 136,000 prima facie refugee arrivals were recorded in 19 asylum countries, notably Chad (32,400), Benin (25,500), Uganda (24,000), Ghana (13,600) and Yemen (13,200).
n/a: not available
Oral presentation and a document to the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), twenty-third session, 3–11 May 1990, Caracas;
The Advisory Committee therefore recommends approval of the proposal contained in the report of the Secretary-General (see A/59/292, para. 24 (d)).
and Party A , after its payment of the damages to the third party, shall be entitled to recourse against Party B.
:: Tenth session.
But Lions for Lambs was not just about taking chances.
My father is a policeman. He always helps those who need help.
As a result of the incident, a number of people were reported to be seriously injured.
The Socialist opposition appealed to the council on the grounds that the constitution was breached by the creation of an extra-judicial agency with powers to punish internet offenders.
Compared to the traditional way, celebrating Spring Festival on the Internet is more exciting, said Wei Jianhui, 23, who spent New Year's Eve chatting with dozens of friends online.
Under a certain practice of Malagasy customary law, a wife, in the event of a disagreement with her husband, may leave the marital home temporarily to go and live with a member of her family, the husband being expected, again according to this Malagasy tradition, to do everything possible to induce her to return to the marital home.
6 December 1971
Luxembourgb c d
 5. Requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of economy and efficiency;
Based on current rates.
The world wont care about your self-esteem.
The stocks have recovered from their previous lows.
The Committee of Experts considered it important that a programme be developed to facilitate the role of SEEA as a catalyst for the changes, based on a pragmatic approach that included making incremental progress through a prioritized focus that addressed specific issues.
 71. In the light of the above, the General Assembly may wish to reaffirm the principle that Member States collectively should provide the necessary staffing resources to implement United Nations programmes and activities as decided upon by legislative bodies.
" The broad masses of slaves and serfs did not have any personal freedom, and even their right to life was not guaranteed.
With such extraordinary coincidence, the origin of Snail Pit Village was rather freaky.
The river and the   hills are delicious, and these glimpses of the narrow cross streets   are my delight.
Because this 45 km road is in very bad condition, it is not possible to drive faster than 40 km per hour on it, and this increases the risk of being attacked by such raiders.
58. In 2012, economic growth remained strong in Africa, despite the global slowdown and heightened tension and uncertainty, reflecting the increasing resilience of African economies and sustained high global demand and prices for Africa's commodity exports.
In Nepal, the Safe Motherhood Bill, drafted by the Ministry of Health and Population, has been endorsed with continued UNFPA support to the Safe Motherhood Network Federation in advocating for the bill.
Report of the Steering Committee of the Partnership in Statistics for Development in the Twenty-first Century (PARIS 21) initiative
In that process, however, we have had to deal with serious constraints that must be discussed in forums such as this so that, on the basis of the experience of those who have made more progress, we can draw lessons allowing us to fine-tune our mechanisms for implementing international instruments.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit herewith the report of the Republic of the Congo to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
There is a name for the despair that has been driving discontent – and not only in Russia and Ukraine – since the financial crisis.
20. The continuation of reporting to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, requested in paragraph 51 (c) of draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.29/Rev.1, falls under the mandate of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict, namely paragraph 37 of General Assembly resolution 51/77.
The embargo remains a major obstacle to Cuba's trade and economic development potential.
Thirty-seventh session
It makes me sleepy in the afternoon.
Reporting by States parties 1. The reporting obligations which are contained in part IV of the Covenant are designed principally to assist each State party in fulfilling its obligations under the Covenant and, in addition, to provide a basis on which the Council, assisted by the Committee, can discharge its responsibilities for monitoring States parties' compliance with their obligations and for facilitating the realization of economic, social and cultural rights in accordance with the provisions of the Covenant.
867. Your technology should be advanced, reliable, and helpful to the development of our export-oriented economy.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tried to win back middle class voters through a policy blitz,
Transport in Uzbekistan
70. At the request of Mr. Bossuyt, a vote was taken.
Others noted that, particularly in Africa, the AIDS pandemic endangered the achievement of the health-related Millennium Development Goals 4, 5 and 6.
The New Year is set before us like an unwritten volume, all its pages blank.
The UNESCO Institute for Statistics has established a new global collection of research and development statistics.
However, to be more credible, that status must be clearly defined.
Both women and men, together with all organized sectors of civil society, should take part in that process.
Comparisons were also made on the thermodynamic properties for coordination reaction of lanthanum perchlorate with dibenzo-18-crown-6 and with other crowns in anhydrous acetonitrile, respectively.
Communication subject choosing newsworthy facts is the key to form a news repot finally .
Shanghai SIPG F.C. players
The joint strategic vision sets out a strategy for coordinated assistance to the signatory parties, in particular through support to the Darfur Regional Authority.
For thousands of years yoga was practiced mainly in India.
A dispute in Iraq's parliament has forced a delay in the approval of a resolution non - U.
177. Pakistani women have been in ambassadorial posts since the early 1950s.
2007-11-26 09:33 for/from want of The flowers died from want of water
Though she annoys me to no end, sometimes my roommate is just the person I want to see.
Should that situation continue, the gap between North and South would only widen further.
Item 21 of the provisional agenda*
The Acting President: I invite Mr. Mohamed ElBaradei, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, to introduce the report of the Agency for 2006.
Teaching and Learning Quality Process Review
Cooperative Radiological Instrument Transfer
18. Also requests the United Nations to continue to develop specialist technical expertise and capacity to fill gaps in critical humanitarian programming and to procure emergency relief material rapidly and cost-effectively, and locally when appropriate, in order to support Governments and United Nations country teams in the coordination and provision of international humanitarian assistance;
(g) Develop and strengthen national monitoring systems on the quantity, quality and use of surface- and groundwater resources at national and local levels, and for measuring progress towards internationally agreed goals and targets, as appropriate, as well as for assessing the impact of climate variability and change on water resources, through the following actions:
Thats why I needed a school that would push me to see that my coursework has grounding in reality.
Grandma: Now, you relax on the couch, while I go up and warm up the power tweezers .
(viii) Working in coordination with other mechanisms of the Human Rights Council, with other competent United Nations bodies and with human rights treaty bodies, and to take all necessary measures to avoid unnecessary duplication with those mechanisms;
35. Costa Rica asked what measures had been adopted to address the current humanitarian situation.
38. Executive heads who have been consulted have agreed that a stronger and more permanent role for the Chairman could no doubt facilitate greater coherence and effectiveness in the work of the Unit and that the Chairman needed to be given adequate authority to lead and manage the work of the Unit.
The agenda of the sixty-ninth regular session of the General Assembly was adopted on 19 September 2014 and issued in document A/69/251 (see A/69/252 for allocation of items).
The United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law is dependent on voluntary contributions.
SOS Drugs International
General Assembly Documentation
The distinction had become redundant in the text as approved.
AKUAIPA WAIMAKAT-Asociación para la Divulgación, Promoción y Defenso de los Derechos Humanos e Indígenas de los Territorios y Asentamientos Wayuu de la Guajira, Colombia
Resolution 49/234 of 23 December 1994
IV
Forget it, and move on to tomorrow.
The 9 per cent expansion in gross domestic product in the third quarter was below the consensus forecast of 9.7 per cent and down from 10.1 per cent in the second quarter, although the figures were affected by restrictions on factories introduced during the Olympics to reduce pollution.
The 2005 Protocols are not in force.
And I can't wait I dream of the moment when we are naked together in bed where I can stroke your thigh and perhaps even your quinny?
Naval transportation
Report of the Economic and Social Council for 2002: Supplement No. 3 (A/57/3/Rev.1)
P-1
Please leave bags at the counter Price crash Sale at breakdown price Sale continues in store Save your money Savings and discounts all around the store Services as usual Special offer Summer price cuts. Thank you for your custom
(ii) Increased number of references in official documents to the analyses and policy recommendations of major ECA publications and reports, such as the Economic Report on Africa
20 Labour Statistics 2000, Central Statistics Office
In addition, the regional ombudsmen continued to build on relationships with relevant stakeholders in the region and were thus able to intervene more meaningfully in cases and explore viable options for resolution.
171. There are 180000 teachers in all governmental schools in Afghanistan.
It is also concerned at the high rate of teenage pregnancies and the lack of adequate and accessible sexual and reproductive health services.
A lot of people who were working with me are local university students.
Jack become confidential with Johnson.
Every step you take in the FitFlop helps tone and trim your legs.
International Federation of Organic Agriculture
Strategic review of logistical components of peacekeeping budgets conducted for all peacekeeping missions in order to ensure completeness and consistency
The Bright Little Volunteers (25 April 2009)
 That is why my delegation, while expressing its satisfaction at the evident willingness and efforts of our Organization to adapt to the world's changes, is in favour of strengthening its potential and improving the interaction among the various organizations of the United Nations system and other development partners.
In 1998 and 1999, China accounted for 80 per cent of the total volume of heroin seizure in east and south-east Asia.
This article reflects the position taken by the Commission in the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts.
Resource growth
As we said during the three-day debate on the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s (UN-NADAF), we found his report on that item (A/57/156 and Corr.1) to be very useful and informative.
Technology Partnership
It is also important that efforts to establish a nuclear-test-ban verification regime undertaken by CTBTO will continuously be made, including the International Monitoring System (IMS), and that necessary budget will be ensured to establish such a regime.
With very few exceptions, States provide, for all the various situations about to be reviewed, that priority will be determined on a temporal basis: first in time, first in right.
However, they urged UNFPA to broaden its donor base.
Human resources: component 4, support
Israeli practices affecting the human rights of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem: draft resolution
1. Reaffirms the Political Declaration1 and the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing, 2002;2
These changes are to be achieved through the transmission of reliable and full information on safe sexual behaviour, so as to promote:
Birthday Greetings to Centenarians in Hong Kong
Report on the follow-up to the resolutions S-1/1 and S-3/1 (resolution 6/18)
The report correctly states that, while United Nations system organizations individually have articulated support for improved coordination, in practice there are no effective mechanisms for coordinating at policy, headquarters and system-wide levels.
The relevant departments for economic and trade under the State Council shall issue a directory of production technologies, processes and equipment and products to be eliminated within the time limit, jointly with other relevant administrative departments in the State Council
35. The Iraqi counterpart has fulfilled its obligation to produce a document containing a summary of the technical achievements of its clandestine nuclear programme.
2. In a new development, Iraqi officials and the Iraqi newspapers have begun to refer to the prisoners and detainees as "the missing", and this is incompatible with the relevant Security Council resolutions and indicates Iraq's intention of ridding itself of this humanitarian and legal obligation.
Although I have earned a huge sum once or twice ever since, at the bottom of my heart the first earning has always been looked upon as my first pot of gold.
Consequently, the account always had a balance, which was due to the fact that the Fund had many cases paid at the beginning of every month.
Simulation shows wind field is affected by topography and urban heat island.
57% as effective
Remember to turn off the lights before you leave Turn on the lights !
It is efficiently used to improve teaching effect and bridge the relations between and teachers.
The European Convention on Human Rights (1950) and the European Social Charter (1965) are broader instruments.
It is also the case with the current State Constitution.
He was subsequently incarcerated alternately in Murcia Prison and prisons in Puerto de Santa María and Gijón, and was eventually moved to El Dueso Prison (Santander).
Travellers already contend with multiple checkpoints – including one set up by officers of China’s People’s Liberation Army that, local Chinese border guards suggest, should not exist at all.
Qatar made several recommendations related to these issues.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Sierra Leone, at his request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
31. Addressing economic, social and environmental challenges and finding effective, sustainable and financially sound solutions requires the involvement and contribution of all urban actors.
 We believe the United Nations should take pride in its successful efforts to support transitions to civil peace and democracy in places as diverse as Namibia, Cambodia, El Salvador, South Africa and, we hope, now Mozambique.
This is a baseline document, drawn up with the help of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), which defines the legal and conceptual framework for action for the advancement of women in Benin.
De Laval nozzle
10. The session was also attended by observers from the following international non-governmental organizations invited by the Commission: American Arbitration Association (AAA), American Bar Association (ABA), Arab Union for International Arbitration (AUIA), Asia Pacific Regional Arbitration Group (APRAG), Association of the Bar of the City of New York (ABCNY), Cairo Regional Centre for International Commercial Arbitration (CRCICA), Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL), Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, Forum for International Commercial Arbitration (FICA), International Arbitration Institute (IAI), International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), International Cotton Advisory Committee (ICAC), International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD), Kuala Lumpur Regional Centre for Arbitration (KLRCA), the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA), Milan Club of Arbitrators, Moot Alumni Association, NAFTA Article 2022 Advisory Committee, School of International Arbitration of the Queen Mary University of London, Swiss Arbitration Association (ASA), the European Law Students' Association and Union Internationale des Avocats (UIA).
The quantities of ERUs, CERs, AAUs and RMUs retired; The quantities of ERUs, CERs and AAUs carried over from the previous commitment period;
The Fund is a funded defined-benefit plan.
The Conference concluded with a landmark document, a 20-year Programme of Action on Population and Development, adopted by consensus by all participating countries.
These various achievements are clearly encouraging, and should be attributed to the cooperation between the two organizations and the leadership of the two Secretaries-General.
A Study on the Prevention and Medical Treatment of Ashore Disease of Pinnotheres of Chinese Mitten Crabs
At the 2007 world championships in Osaka, Japan, Kara took third place in the 10,000 meters, becoming the first American woman ever to medal in that event.
The choice of starting with the most vulnerable sectors among indigenous peoples in the earlier sessions of the Permanent Forum provided the right signal to all actors, Governments, the United Nations system and indigenous peoples.
Her face wore a grim , set look.
- Cooperative Threat Reduction Programmes
Greed
9. The only way to overcome that despair was to make Gaza a liveable place again; that meant once and for all addressing the underlying causes of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict through determined political action and a complete change of paradigm, by ending the occupation that had ground on for nearly half a century and fully lifting the illegal blockade of the Gaza Strip.
Items designated by Member States as luxury goods
Data in terms of SITC, Rev. 1 cannot be well converted in SITC, Rev. 2, particularly at the 4- and 5-digit levels; and even at the 3-digit level, many items do not convert well.
1. Landlocked developing countries face special problems caused by their lack of territorial access to the sea and their remoteness and isolation from world markets.
23. The report indicates gender-based division of labour or occupational segregation as well as great discrepancies in the proportion of women in the upper decision-making levels of the occupational hierarchy (see p. 21).
The conclusions also state that the AWG-LCA will start considering its work programme for 2009 at its second session in 2008, and complete it no later than at its fourth session in 2008.
However, this situation can only be addressed by changing the security situation inside Iraq and creating the conditions for the safe return of refugees and internally displaced persons.
The municipalities continue, however, to call for greater support, training, experts for consultation, forums for discussion and more websites and online databases, among other things.
Through analyzing and calculating the potential for making use of rainwater, the method of designing the gravity irrigation system is presented.
The foundation of protection and assistance for the family is article 32 of the Charter:
Are you wiIIing to become a murderer just to get some kinky sex?
The delegation of Saint Lucia was headed by His Excellency Dr. Donatus Keith St. Aimee, Ambassador/Permanent Representative of Saint Lucia to the United Nations in New York and composed of the following member:
17. The situation in the occupied Arab territories.
20. At the same meeting, Felix Mbayu (Cameroon) introduced the draft decision on behalf of the Vice-President.
38. A census is not complete until the data are released to the users.
(p) Secure for everyone the right of access on an equal and nondiscriminatory basis to any place or service intended for use by the general public;
That suggestion was modified to refer directly in paragraph (1) to those criteria, without introducing yet another location rule in addition to that adopted for the purposes of draft articles 23 and 24 (“This Convention applies to assignments of international receivables and to international assignments of receivables as defined in this chapter if, at the time of the assignment, the assignor has either its place of incorporation, or its registered office, or its place of business to which the assignment is most closely connected in a Contracting State”).
Further guidance on the calculation of action plan costs would be based on consideration of the national implementation plans received.
A historic moment is before us, when Member States can act to uphold the Charter and their legal obligations.
Note the relationship of the capillary loops to the mesangium.
20. In paragraph 3 of its resolution 7/11, the Human Rights Council, requested the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare a publication on anti-corruption, good governance and human rights, drawing on the results of the United Nations Conference on Anti-Corruption, Good Governance and Human Rights, held in Warsaw in 2006.
The method being put forward in this paper con be popularized to the singularity analysis of spatial mechanisms.
Commemorating 50 years of United Nations guided tours
The budget proposals for the biennium 2016 - 2017 with their two alternative funding scenarios have been reviewed by the Office of the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) as part of the established UNEP process for the preparation of proposed budgets.
The Bush administration has wanted Fannie and Freddie to play a big role in providing support to the housing market at a time when banks have cut back on lending.
 4. Discussions are in progress seeking the best available terms for printing and distribution of this work world wide.
While these troops are nominally part of the Sudanese police hierarchy, they can be, and have been, used in joint combat operations under the tactical control of the Sudanese Army.g
"You were in Eden, the garden of God; Every precious stone was your covering: The ruby, the topaz and the diamond; The beryl, the onyx and the jasper; The lapis lazuli, the turquoise and the emerald; And the gold, the workmanship of your settings and sockets, Was in you
2. In line with this resolution, the Administrator submitted a report to the Executive Board at its annual session in June 2003.
A minute, a minute, a minute, I h*e a 1440 minute to let me complete the journey which others life all with difficulty completes.
This change in value is primarily due to the recalculations that Parties applied to their GHG inventories.
I'll feel overjoyed, almost to the point of waving my arms and stamping my feet.
Panama
28. Urban poverty, especially in major cities, is another issue to which the Social Forum should give its closest attention.
84. Calls upon States individually and, as appropriate, through subregional and regional fisheries management organizations and arrangements with competence to regulate highly migratory species, urgently to address global fishing capacity for tunas, inter alia, in a way that recognizes the legitimate rights of developing States, in particular small island developing States, to participate in and benefit from such fisheries, taking into account the recommendations of the Joint Tuna Regional Fisheries Management Organizations International Workshop on RFMO Management of Tuna Fisheries, held in Brisbane, Australia, from 29 June to 1 July 2010 and the recommendations of the third joint meeting of tuna regional fisheries management organizations and arrangements, in July 2011;
I apologize for the inconvenience but I felt it was necessary as a reminder for those who didn't read the shareware notice.
Being mutually beneficial and win-win, China-US trade and economic ties have not only delivered tangible economic benefits to the two peoples, but underpinned the overall relationship, giving it a powerful driving force for a steady expansion
He was fired for he stirred up the trouble among the wHe can neither read nor write.The silly girl still hold the thought of her cold hearted boyfriend taking her away together
Sharpless objects
He said this "good luck" might turn out to be misfortune in the end.
Regular budget
The enforcement panel began its work on 1 July 2005.
Item 13. Adoption of the report
191. Under item 13 (f), the Council adopted decision 2013/237.
The other boys were green with envy when Joe bought a second - hand car!
Myanmar
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned at reports of the widespread practice whereby a baptism certificate must be presented before a child can be given a birth certificate.
116. According to policy, basic education is free.
Any peace arrangements will remain fragile and incomplete should the international community choose to tolerate the continuation of a situation that threatens Lebanon with potentially explosive disputes.
For some, this is all too reminiscent of the quasi-divine status attributed to Mao Zedong which, during the “Great Leap Forward” and “Cultural Revolution” resulted in millions of deaths and nearly destroyed the Chinese economy.
26. The FIU activities are developed according to the information collated by the examination of KCB revenues and expenditure; intelligence activities; activities delegated by International Prosecutors; activities developed in co-ordination and close co-operation with other agencies; and activities related to capacity building of Kosovo Police Service (KPS) Officers (especially those of them deployed in Economic Crime Units established within local Police Stations).
L
As landfill site working, biochemical process and seepage of leachate always affect and change drainage layer permeability.
You can also share projects using source code control.
Another way of expressing this is, youve made your bed now youre going to have to sleep in it.
Description, results and reflections).
The people's governments at various levels located in desertified regions shall economize on the use of water, develop water-efficient agriculture, animal husbandry and other industries.
Target 3.2: halve, between 2005 and 2015, the proportion of young women and men without access to water, sanitation, electricity, health care and other basic services
65. In the case reviewed the government owned 100 per cent of a mining operation.
On this year of jubilee each of you shall return to his own property.
Makaryev
Ray   after everything we'd discussed how couId you go out-- Yeah   heIIo? Yeah   this is me. I got to take this.
11 June 2001
streamline form design is deft and beautiful, the clever design of the exterior, mature the characteristic of human body engineering.
Recalling its rejection of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations in accordance with all relevant resolutions and declarations of the United Nations
Its predicted a decline of 1.3% this year and a continued rising unemployment
Broadcast Function , Starting broadcasts with an automatical splendid prologues section.
22 September 1997e Senegala
The online support system is now fully operational and the Climate Change Programme is in the process of registering the country teams and relevant representatives for access.
(a) Development of cumulative knowledge in the area of asset recovery, especially on the implementation of articles 52-58 of the United Nations Convention against Corruption;
 Mr. Ochan returned to foreign service in 1981 and served in various capacities, rising to the position of Under-Secretary.
She gave me a searching look and asked if I was lying.
X. Human rights priorities: security, the rule of law and participatory democracy
Executive summaries of country review reports (CAC/COSP/IRG/I/3/1/Add.12-13)
The Special Rapporteur requested the Government to confirm the report that his death was due to natural causes, and also to make the autopsy report available.
26. Decides to abolish six General Service posts, three in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and three in the Economic Commission for Europe;
The work already completed must be endorsed before the Court can submit it to the Assembly for approval and the international architects' competition can be started.
Access to land ownership: land trust fund (section B, paragraph 34 (a)):
The Japanese eel import organisation is promoting its certification scheme to make consumers aware that imported kabayaki (broiled eel) products bearing its quality mark are safe to eat.
2015 television seasons
Authoritarian regimes committing gross human rights violations are politically vulnerable because of their problems of legitimation.
The means to secure the involvement of all stakeholders in the implementation is the consolidated biennial budget in full compliance with relevant General Assembly resolutions and financial rules and regulations.
In 2003, the operation resulted in a total seizure of 13.36 million pseudoephedrine tablets and the arrest of 14 persons by the Mexican authority.
219. The Committee appreciates the adoption, in 1998, of the Affirmative Action Policy, setting up a 40 per cent quota for women's representation on all government and public boards, commissions, councils, committees and official bodies, including the Cabinet and the Council of State.
Clerical Officer (Judges and Judicial Officers)
17. At its 21st meeting, on 1 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.1/54/L.51 without a vote (see para. 18, draft resolution F).
He is faithful in word and deed.
4. Requests the Secretary-General of the Conference to organize the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee (in two parts) and the three expert-level preparatory meetings referred to in paragraph 1 (b) of resolution 52/187;
In this regard, we would be most grateful if you would, in accordance with the exception to paragraph 7 of General Assembly resolution 40/243, seek the approval of the Committee for the Executive Board of INSTRAW to meet for its resumed session on 1 October 2004, prior to the consideration of the report of the Secretary-General on INSTRAW under item 100 of the provisional agenda, "Advancement of women".
Heckler & Koch AG-C/EGLM
The Executive Board may also wish to encourage States members of UNDP to announce payment schedules, and to adhere to such payment schedules thereafter.
The Committee hoped that Childwatch International would continue its work in that area and keep the Committee periodically informed.
(a) To take effective and appropriate legislative and other measures or, where they exist, strengthen legislation to prohibit and eliminate all forms of violence against children;
It takes a lot of thought and effort and downright determination to be agreeable. --Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker.
At the United Nations Secretariat, for instance, these mechanisms currently consist of the body established in 1977 at the United Nations Headquarters, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 31/26, under the name of Panel to Investigate Allegations of Discriminatory Treatment.
Parents have the duty to rear and educate their children who are minors, and children who have come of age have the duty to support and assist their parents.
 (c) Proprietary software acquisition and rental. A provision of $41,700 would cover the cost of software to support telecommunication and network facilities, electronic mail and the exchange of documents between services and with other duty stations, a networked terminology data bank and a reference data bank.
The Committee would like to point out that, similarly, the legislation concerning terrorist financing under the Criminal Code of Montenegro (articles 447, 448 and 449 of the Criminal Code) deals only with "the commission of criminal acts" (article 449).
It is also important to enact and uphold as appropriate labour and environmental protection and anti-corruption laws and regulations in accordance with obligations undertaken in relevant international conventions.
I. Opening of the meeting
3. New People's Army (NPA).
The GEF is, "on an interim basis, . . . the principal entity entrusted with the operations" of the Convention's financial mechanism.
It began with a row, it ended with a row , and little went right in between.
45. Statements in favour of the motion were made by the representatives of China and Cuba; statements against the motion were made by the representatives of San Marino and Portugal (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).
"We are excited to be associated with this project, which will enable more than one billion Chinese-speaking people both in China and overseas to obtain official and accurate weather information in a convenient manner," he said.
The dissertation analyzes the design technique of each function module in details and the implementing of system software is discussed.
OP-CAT 3 November 2006 CRC
The present report contains a summary of the technical cooperation expenditure of the United Nations system as a whole.
What? came the word of God out from you? or came it unto you only?
The results indicate that amphoteric could increase the sizing degree of eucalyptus chemimechanical pulp significantly.
Completeness means that an inventory covers all sources and sinks, as well as all gases, included in the Revised 1996 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, as well as other existing relevant source/sink categories which are specific to individual Parties, and therefore may not be included in the IPCC Guidelines.
The findings are for two thousand  four to two thousand six.
6. The items allocated to the Third Committee for consideration during the fifty- ninth session of the General Assembly should be taken up in the following order:
Furthermore, while noting that various legislative initiatives are currently under debate in this respect, the Committee is concerned at the lack of an appropriate and comprehensive regulation of family relations, e.g. via a comprehensive Code, as well as at the lack of specialized family courts.
Whether you want to work as a software engineer or as an academic, you're going to have to design programs in some form or another.
1. The judges shall be persons of high moral character, impartiality and integrity, with extensive judicial experience.
(c) Provision of interpretation services to meetings of regional and other major groupings of Member States
'You would never return alive,and it would be my fault.
Australia, Honduras, Panama.
6. Thus the Secretary-General hereby submits to the Fifth Committee for its consideration the list of candidates nominated for membership in the International Civil Service Commission for a four-year term of office beginning 1 January 2013:
Today's featured article/August 12, 2015
He has been strongly linked with a move for Tottenham's Bulgarian ace Dimitar Berbatov, but appears to be making slow progress.
Ductile metals shall be used in the construction of valves or accessories.
John P. Figliozzi
Or, rather, do I not in plainest truth Tell you I do not nor I cannot love youHELENA  And even for that do I love you the more.
Not all Ministry staff treated the field visits seriously, with the result that one field trip team departed very late for a destination that required a four-hour journey in each direction.
What does the Canadian flag look like?
(x) United Nations conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers in the context of nuclear disarmament.
At the same time, we need to redouble efforts to stem the serious human rights violations that still continue in certain regions.
PRICKLY and isolated, North Korea has few enough connections to the outside world.
337. That is the approach adopted by the European Union.
The Permanent Mission of Cameroon to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General and has the honour to inform him, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 1166 (XII) of 26 November 1957 regarding the establishment of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and with the resolutions adopted subsequently by the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council on the enlargement of the Executive Committee, that the Government of Cameroon is seeking to apply for admission to the Executive Committee.
She began bravely faced life, just like a beautiful flower, regardless of whether the severe winter, it would have missed the spring bloom.
They should act more responsibly not only vis-à-vis their direct SME counterparts but also where economic, educational, technological and social conditions remain marginal.
Oh, and by the way, you have a brother."
Security Council
An is one of the few insurers in the market still focusing on universal life products.
6. The severe economic downturn that the Palestinian economy had been experiencing since September 2000 intensified during the reporting period.
Infrastructure projects may be co-sponsored by the Government through equity participation in the project company, thus reducing the amount of equity and debt capital needed from private sources.
1676 establishments
Huxley family
What would indeed be conducive to a better atmosphere on the island would be for the Greek Cypriot side to stop arrogating for itself the rights and responsibilities it does not legally have, and to cease its hostile and derogatory acts against the Turkish Cypriot people.
New Zealand
(iv) A net decrease of $30,400 under subprogramme 4, in non-post requirements resulting from reduced requirements for consultants and a decrease in production costs, for supplies and materials as a result of the automation of various business processes, and for furniture.
She was later taken to Nyari prison and detained without trial for almost four months.
As with male migrants, professional women may find that their credentials are not recognized or valued in the new country.
1. Reaffirms the need for full respect of the military agreements reached with the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara with regard to the ceasefire;
According to Reporters without Borders, in 2010, 109 bloggers were in prison on charges related to the content of their online expression.
" ] "Have you gone to Beijing
The States of the Arabian Peninsula
The new manager was delegated to reorganize the department.
Senegal
338. As set out in our response in relation to Article 4 in paragraphs 34 to 39 above, we have been adjusting the standard rates of CSSA in accordance with the movement of the SSAIP, which measures price changes in goods and services consumed by CSSA households, so as to maintain purchasing power of the payments.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations
11:10-11:40 11:45-12:15 University of Montreal Study in Canada at the University of Montreal 12:20-13:25
 We have also devised a map of basic needs which is also known as poverty mapping.
In the event that the recognition by the United Nations of a staff member's family status by virtue of the domestic law of the country of his or her origin conflicted with the national law of the host country, it would fall to the latter to determine whether or not to grant visas to the members of the staff member's family.
Risk reduction refers to activities taken to decrease both vulnerable conditions and their causes, especially those related to drought, floods and landslides.
Was that an important bit of intelligence that I will regret not knowing?
He settled in an armchair.
46. Requests the Secretary-General, within existing reporting obligations, to include in his report to the General Assembly at its sixty-ninth session under the item on crime prevention and criminal justice a section entitled "Preventing and combating corrupt practices and the transfer of proceeds of corruption, facilitating asset recovery and returning such assets to legitimate owners, in particular to countries of origin, in accordance with the United Nations Convention against Corruption", and reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to transmit to the Assembly the report of the Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on its fifth session. 70th plenary meeting
The present report provides a review and update of the programme and activities of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) for 2005.
Password prompting always occurs regardless if the account exists.
It is proposed that one National Officer position be redeployed to the Language Services Section.
Geneva, 22 - 25 February 2005
Objective: To prevent terrorist activities perpetrated by individuals or entities belonging to or associated with Al-Qaida and the Taliban
20.71 An estimated provision of $765,000, reflecting a decrease $218,600, would be required for acquisition and replacement of electronic data-processing, reproduction, transportation and communications equipment.
Our culture continues to seek solutions that do not tear a woman away from her family.
16. UN-Women has contributed significantly to supporting the Economic and Social Council in promoting and monitoring the progress of work on gender mainstreaming across the United Nations system.
It was agreed that those recommendations should also be considered in the context of the detailed overview to be prepared by the Secretariat, to the extent that some of them were not reflected in the explanatory notes to the Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts, which the Secretariat has prepared pursuant to the Commission's request (see A/CN.9/608 and Addenda 1-4), or in separate information activities undertaken by the Secretariat, such as monitoring the implementation of the UNCITRAL Model Laws on Electronic Commerce and Electronic Signatures, and compiling judicial decisions on the matters dealt with in those Model Laws.
TFG officials have indicated that the money was not counterfeit and that TFG had requested a company in Indonesia to print it.
1988-1992 Head, First Deputy Head, Deputy Head of the Consular Directorate, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, USSR/Russian Federation
The Government of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea remains consistent in its position with regard to the resolution of the nuclear issue peacefully, through dialogue and negotiation.
It also noted that the report indicated that Member States continued to make significant progress towards meeting the goals for 2008 set at the special session.
708. Let me see your drivers license, please
As part of the global thrust, our Conference and the follow-up process need to build on efforts that have been made -- such as those of the G-20 -- and on various regional initiatives.
Bolivia Mary Carrasco Monje, Miriam Siles Crespo, Marco Alandia
The second we met is a graduate.
51. In principle, the Department concurs with the recommendation.
58. His delegation endorsed the Secretary-General’s call for a culture of prevention and for the removal of institutional barriers to building the cross-cultural cooperation required for successful disaster prevention.
Places of worship in Shizuoka Prefecture
He can sit next to a mainland [Chinese] and a Taiwanese fund managers and they can share their views.
Air asset support to/from UNAMSIL and MONUC is settled through the inter-mission billing system
They overflew areas of Ninawa and Dohuk governorates and carried out 23 sorties.
In order to be eligible for the differential rent allowance, these persons must be resident in the Principality and be in actual personal occupation, as tenants, of residential premises coming under the scope of Act No. 1235, whose size should not exceed their family's normal requirements.
The Working Group was reminded that the subparagraph originated in a preliminary discussion of issues of electronic commerce that had taken place at the thirty-eighth session of the Working Group with respect to the scope of application of the United Nations Sales Convention.
Saint Lucia
The question of Palestine is at the core of the Middle East situation. The issue of whether the Palestinian people can enjoy their legitimate national rights is the key to a comprehensive and reasonable settlement of the Middle East question.
In addition, it was a party to most international conventions on disarmament, nuclear non-proliferation, human rights, humanitarian law and transnational crime and to all the international counter-terrorism treaties.
The Special Rapporteurs of the Commission on Human Rights have for the last several years reported on and expressed their deepening concern over the human rights situation in East Timor.
11.30 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C (NLB)
We got the tape out clean.
National staff: net increase of 1 post (reassignment of 1 National Professional Officer post from the Legal and Judicial System Support Division to the Human Resources Management Section)
The role of peacekeepers
UNDP has recently re-entered the process in hopes of stepping up the assigning and transfer of these lands.
The Board's main findings are as follows:
The development of Singapore's industrial infrastructure was accomplished in large part by public agencies.
The depth of coverage of each element of the Bali Action Plan in this overview varies according to the depth of consideration that each has received to date and the degree of convergence among Parties that may be discerned.
The prolonged absence of the president of the most populous country in Africa is raising concerns of a power vacuum.
Very rarely does women's work receive high social recognition, and women are almost never depicted in positions of power.
provision of support to NGOs with the objective of enhancing and coordinating NGO capacity to assist in the implementation of the CCD, by replicating success stories and raising awareness in areas of particular concern to NGOs, such as indigenous knowledge, local appropriate technologies and enhancing the role of women (USD 20,000 in grants and USD 21,000 for travel of staff for a total of USD 41,000).
1. The Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corporation (JOGMEC), under the sponsorship of the Government of Japan, is pleased to submit an application for approval of a plan of work for exploration to obtain a contract under the Regulations on Prospecting and Exploration for Cobalt-rich Ferromanganese Crusts in the Area (ISBA/18/A/11, annex).
The representative of the Sudan and other delegations said that the UNICEF Executive Board was not the forum for such political discussions.
- No. I need to get going.
implementation and periodic review of a universalisation action plan;
Increase in the number of reported victims of sexual violence receiving multi-sectoral assistance (2009/10: 1,913; 2010/11: 1,950; 2011/12: 2,000)
Over therelook, you can see it.
 Four members from Asian States;
Shōmyō Falls
Slotter says that two weeks after he attended the Kellogg programme in 2003, he arrived in Sacramento to run the FBI's field office.
NSLE
That career has made Picasso the most important and controversial Painter of our time.
Therefore, the court considered valid the choice of forum agreement, since both standard terms were similar on this point.
The course comprises lectures tutorials laboratories and clinical fieldwork practice.
 At the regional level, as well as the international, Ministers of the Government have incessantly sought to find ways and means to resolve the crisis.
The World Bank has created a focal point on drug-related matters and has invited UNDCP to contribute to its next issue of the World Development Report.
With justice as its whetstone, the multiverse shall achieve perfection.
Twenty-five years after the entry into force (1981) of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), neutral gender policies are insufficient.
Education (education, information, communication and arts, culture, socialisation and family, science and technology)
Everyone saying, "Why can't you be more like your brother Moses?"
To this effect, a four-pronged collaborative, inter-agency approach has been adopted, including: a) compilation of success stories; b) assessment of the cost of land degradation and return on investment; c) fostering partnerships around the Land Degradation Assessment in Drylands (LADA) programme; and d) review of relevant experience with the aim of developing operational guidelines on incentive systems for sustainable natural resource management.
Different levels of financial and other support are available based on a ranking of the nature of the adverse event, ranging from small scale to large scale.
Preventing and combating corrupt practices and transfer of assets of illicit origin and returning such assets to the countries of origin
Cameroon reported that crop-substitution activities would be dealt with upon adoption of the national strategy for drug control for the 2006-2008 period.
International cooperation, technical assistance and advisory services in crime prevention and criminal justice
Convertible Mark
This means that they are aware of when to expect his release.
we need to know how I'm built.
The learning process is even more effective when the delegation is accompanied by technical experts who can give insights into certain negotiating issues or processes.
Need I also point out that in 1995 France reaffirmed and refined security assurances to non-nuclear States that are parties to the NPT?
16. The global imbalances that played an important role in this crisis can only be addressed if there is a better way of dealing with international economic risks facing countries than the current system of accumulating international reserves.
Mine detection and mine-clearing supplies
Total management and administration
Response of the Government of India to the recommendations made by delegations during the Universal Periodic Review of India
The various types of losses for which the claimants seek compensation are discussed in greater detail in section IV below.
For that reason, people in a foreign culture must use gestures with caution.
I have broughtthe book from  there
Statements were also made by representatives of organizations and observers.
Expenditure from supplementary funds totalled $2.6 million, or 68 per cent of contributions received.
The hexagonal pot shown in this picture is painted with five-colors and was put to auction at Sotheby's in the Netherlands.
If, indeed, a robust Security Council is the desire of all of us, let us run and finish the race.
Note by the Secretary-General on the report of the Panel on the Strengthening of the International Civil Service (General Assembly resolutions 57/285, sect. IV, para. 4, and 59/268, sect. IV)
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/65/L.10/Rev.1.
JS11 stated that many Roma communities lived in extreme poverty, with little or no access to basic social services.
 8. The Common Fund for Commodities is already involved in and committed to global and regional issues on commodity development including diversification.
3. Decides in the context of paragraph 6, section I.C, of the present resolution to maintain the current approved senior management arrangement for the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat);
Fracture toughness
IX. Acting as a source of information on individuals who commit violations of international humanitarian or human rights law or other atrocities
Continuation of general discussion
It has been contended that the open welfare state offers a strong motivation for people with a low level of human capital to migrate.
What is the advantage of a thoracoscopic lobectomy over a muscle sparing thoracotomy procedure?
Press conferences
B. Strengthen the role of local communities in forest management
The system-wide mandate of the JIU has facilitated the broader review of common and joint services at Vienna which is the subject of this present report.
May, Id like you to meet my colleague, Peter
4. Also requests the Secretary-General to ensure the continued cooperation of the Department of Public Information and other units of the Secretariat in enabling the Division to perform its tasks and in covering adequately the various aspects of the question of Palestine;
I'm not here to waste time, talk turkey or I'll go.
It has been estimated that the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System (IOTWS), which became operational in 2011, will, on average, save at least 1,000 lives per year over the next 100 years.
Colombia
102.50. Continue its efforts aimed at combating all forms of discrimination (Algeria);
9. The United States of America claimed that the promulgation of the Iran and Libya Sanctions Act of 1996 (H.R. 3107), known as the D'Amato-Kennedy Act, was in response to the failure by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to comply with Security Council resolutions 731 (1992), 748 (1992) and 883 (1993) or to abandon its attempt to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
9 June 1996a
Learning English is just physical labor. We can absolutely crack it with crazy devotion.
IUCN
Mr. Paul Bristol
Flamsteed designation
CEDAW was also concerned about the position of Djibouti with regard to provisions of the Family Code concerning the husband's role as the head of the family and women's unequal inheritance share, which could not be changed as they were rooted in "higher socio-cultural and religious values".
I would've died on this table if it weren't for you, Doc.
The resident coordinator system and subgroups, formed to ensure coordinated support for government efforts, may assist Governments in their endeavours.
5. Invites Governments to provide training in human rights in the administration of justice, including juvenile justice, to all judges, lawyers, prosecutors, social workers and other professionals concerned, including police and immigration officers;
Qatar
My next step was to look for the beast which had been the cause of so much wretchedness.
8.35 During the biennium, the following final outputs will be delivered:
The Committee also notes that a draft bill on special indigenous courts is currently under discussion.
26 April 2016
Under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure, the Council extended an invitation to B. Lynn Pascoe, Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
Please provide detailed information on whether school curricula and textbooks for primary and secondary schools contain sufficient information on the history and culture of the different ethnic and religious groups present in the territory of the State party.
JS1 recommended the requirement of parental consent for providing counselling and testing services to people less than 16 years of age be eliminated.
Has the country assessed its current status with regard to capacity-building for high-quality corporate reporting by means of ROSC, IFAC programmes or national surveys?
Nevertheless the output and quality of silk are affected directly by the yield and quality of mulberry leaves.
That is what should guide us and inspire us and chasten us with respect to the decisions that we make.
Article 14 Liberty and security of the person 113 122
Friday, 21 December 2012, from 10:00 to 13:00, in Conference Room A (NLB).
Section 4: Civil Aviation Article 128 The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region shall provide conditions and take measures for the maintenance of the status of Hong Kong as a centre of international and regional aviation.
This happened with the French oil company, Total, whose offices in Paris were visited by United States Government emissaries alleging that the areas offered by Cuba for prospecting and exploitation had ownership claims legally registered prior to 1959.
t think you are as pretty as Zhang Manyu. 2.
21. The Interministerial Committee against Racism and Anti-Semitism, established in 2003 and chaired by the Prime Minister, defines the direction of policies against racism and anti-Semitism.
44. The representative of the Executive Director expressed his strong support for an appeal made by one representative for partnerships that would expand the Cities in Climate Change initiative pilot project.
We advise extreme caution when disabling authentication.
Accordingly, the Panel finds that the insurance recoveries of USD 450 million should be deducted from the total amount of losses suffered by KAC.
It also notes with concern the absence of statistical data on the situation of women in the informal economy and the barriers to women's entrepreneurship.
It was not known how the ban would affect the opening and closing ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics, which have been planned in secret.
Will you plan to migration account?
15. With regard to field presences, the Deputy High Commissioner stated that OHCHR wanted projects to be taken on progressively by UNDP.
49. A unique convergence of idealism and pragmatism was required for the establishment and successful functioning of the future court.
The WHO is planning an emergency meeting soon to decide if theres an international public health threat.
"Users and partners" has always been the Auchan operation and development in the cause of the core level.
Deemed Sale and Purchase of Hong Kong Stocks - Bought Note and Sold Note (Appendix F)
Walls of Dubrovnik
If you have any quesstions you wanna ask about me, go ahe.
 11. Uniform items, flags and decals.
The front door has two looks on it.
S/2009/168
The Committee encourages the State party to provide statistical data on the incidence of domestic violence, and information on steps taken to deal with the problem, progress achieved and remaining obstacles in its next periodic report.
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the General Assembly the report of the Special Rapporteur in the field of cultural rights, Farida Shaheed, in accordance with Human Rights Council resolution 19/6.
because i am eager to the result of the 101 proposa
All these provisions are quoted in the supplementary report submitted by Guinea pursuant to Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
Recognizing the dire circumstances and urgent need for a response,
 The right to development must be considered, henceforth, as a fundamental human right, and thus be given priority attention by the international community.
The Commission now needs to take action to ensure that member states redouble their efforts with regard to the Lisbon Agenda for overhauling Europe’s global competitiveness.
An expert's credentials and opinions mean squat.
I'm just hoping China doesn't make the mistakes the US has made so the nation can become a truly great one for many years to come.
5. According to the source, on 19 March 2000, at approximately 2 a.m., seven men in masks arrived at Sog Tsendhen monastery and arrested Tenzin Choewang, caretaker monk, and four other Tibetan monks.
Over 300 hours according to the latest requirements
I immediately put on my durable swim fins and dived into the ocean.
Section IV
Optional Protocol to CEDAW, concerning individual complaints and inquiry procedures, 1999
Yet they gather in some numbers on these apparently barren slopes.
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva,
United Nations Enable Film Festival: "We stand alone"
Recommendations for the implementation of quality management systems in large and small enterprises;
Article 140 A limitation of action shall be discontinued if suit is brought or if one party makes a claim for or agrees to fulfillment of obligations.
The issue of gender equality in the legal system in general and in the law on gender equality in particular is more and more complete, synchronous, step by step in harmony with international law, in accordance with the conditions and circumstances of Viet Nam.
Yeah, that sounds Iike something a bass pIayer wouId do.
Said Debenhams spokesman Ed Watson: 'Deciding to put away their high heels for the last time can have the same psychological impact upon women that retiring from work has upon men.
(a) United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto
Career to date
Starbucks is a global company with plans to eventually operate some 25,000 outlets around the world.
This will be helpful to monitor the trade between Parties.
Stalagmite has become an important carrier in studying paleoclimate and paleoenvironment.
The Committee had previously been informed that the profile consisting of 10,000 authorized uniformed personnel under the standardized funding model is based on an average of 6,774 uniformed personnel deployed in the first year (see A/65/743, table 11).
Taking note of the report of the SecretaryGeneral of 23 May 2012 on the Mission and of the recommendations contained therein,
38. Draft conclusion 10, paragraph 3, dealt with the circumstances under which decisions adopted within the framework of a conference of States parties would embody a relevant subsequent agreement or subsequent practice.
His deep-set, small eyes looked out frankly and good-humouredly.
Obviously, the knowledge renews imminently , lifelong studies the duty to be arduous.
Serafin U. Salvador, Jr. (Philippines)
1. Welcomes the bilateral and multilateral support being provided to Afghanistan by the international community, including through contributions to the Government of Afghanistan's Counter-Narcotics Trust Fund, through the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and through other entities;
The detergent plant at Grangemouth Scotland was put on an emergency basis to produce and ship detergent.
Such a dialogue may be seen as an important part of the process of developing and implementing a strategy for enterprise development.
36. Collaborative Partnership on Forests members carry out many activities to reduce deforestation and forest degradation, including promoting sustainable forest management practices through legal reviews, national forest programmes, awareness-raising and institutional strengthening; developing guidelines for forest management; and helping to establish model and demonstration forests.
He experiments with a vast range of woods, including Baltic birch and black walnut.
73. In the area of education, maintaining balance in female enrolment throughout the educational system is a major challenge. It is also important to channel gender socialization in such a way as to maintain high levels of academic achievement and approval rates.
Far from becoming less serious, transnational organized crime throughout Africa is becoming more sophisticated and, to the detriment of Africa, more entrenched.
A. General considerations 53 - 56 13
The Council decides, in what is essentially splendid isolation, how an operation should evolve; it certainly has the right to do so under the Charter, but since the tasks it sets have to be discharged by the forces on the ground, it would be sensible to consult troop contributors and profit from their experience.
" 200 201 "The purpose of education should be to provide students with a value system, a standard, a set of ideas -- not to prepare them for a specific job.
13. Encourages Interpol to intensify its efforts with respect to the foreign terrorist fighter threat and to recommend or put in place additional resources to support and encourage national, regional and international measures to monitor and prevent the transit of foreign terrorist fighters, such as expanding the use of INTERPOL Special Notices to include foreign terrorist fighters;
It gives me great honour to speak in this historic chamber, where landmark arms control treaties were produced in the past.
I've trotted out several of those clich é stories in this book.
Y.E.S. imparts knowledge of specific trades such as their job requirements and career prospects to young people by inviting professionals to conduct career seminars so that they can get firsthand labour market information.
Telex 00-31-63233, Fax 00-91-11-23014418
Ned Nickerson: Can you repeat the question?
Puchunggal also wants to make his translations relevant to a public that on the surface seems to have little in common with either the wizards or the muggles of Harry Potter's world.
I salute you and your brothers and sisters who get up every day and go to work knowing that it may be the last.
(c) The Kingdom ratified the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime;
see no objection whatever,but you should open the L/C at once.
This cooperative process resulted in requesting States Parties clarifying many questions about their requests and with two (Afghanistan on 31 August 2012 and Zimbabwe on 25 October 2012) submitting revised, improved requests.
France
It had invested 10 per cent of its national budget in Laayoune and Western Sahara, even though the region contained only 3 per cent of the Moroccan population.
Remedy: The State party is under an obligation to take effective measures to remedy the violations suffered by the victims, including payment of adequate compensation for the loss suffered.
Colombia is a social State governed by the rule of law, organized as a participatory and pluralistic Republic with autonomous territorial units, and founded upon respect for human dignity and the primacy of the general interest.
More support could be given to the expansion of the capacity of Southern banking systems, especially export-import banks, to provide normal, structured and concessional trade finance for South-South trade.
 44. Bangladesh was a major troop-contributing country to the United Nations peace-keeping operations, and its people were naturally interested in the outcome.
A life lived without fantasy and daydreaming is a seriously impoverished one.
He walked to and fro until at last he came to an enormous oak that was certainly many hundred years old, and that five men would not have been able to span. He stood there looking at it, and thought, "Many a bird must have built its nest in that tree
"The Security Council reaffirms the benefits of transborder communication, international exchange and international migration.
In broad sense, metonymy includes three relations: contiguity, subjection and antonomasia.
India
However, the law has not been effectively enforced as the communities are not willing to come forward with information.
We are glad answer your inquiry concerning S. & amp; Company.
If you have large amounts of other assets such as stocks , that will help .
While I am hardly upbeat about prospects for the global economy, I think the world faces far bigger problems than a major meltdown in China.
Is the vehicle child safety seat national standard - setting one of the units.
Ole Bornedal
Not long ago , selling American cars in Japan was downright quixotic.
His back was bent with the weight of the line across it and he carried the fish in his right hand.
Perform model costing with a given price target and features.
And there will be goats' milk enough for your food, For the food of your household, And sustenance for your maidens
The plan of our country is based on a rising economy.
That has not been the case so far. It should be in future.
Paragraphs Page
Rule 15
After a horrid year, banks are jettisoning businesses that sold and traded complex credit securities.
His yellow clothes had seemed an outward sign of some disorder.
The increase relates mainly to the two additional posts being requested for the peacekeeping support account and to the additional funding being provided for the Trust Fund.
A woman was Vice-Governor of the Bank of Algeria.
_: mission to Croatia (6-8 June 2005)
uh, to some extent in Coon and many many other philosophers of science takes its start from Hume's result .
These regimes obstruct the free access of developing countries and make it impossible for them to establish their own programmes for peaceful uses in these areas.
(14 March 2011, 27 February-9 March and 15 March 2012)
Almost nine hours later, the 47-year-old landed nearly 200 miles from home.
19. It was only through human-rights education that the corresponding values and behaviour could be inculcated in all levels of society in order to establish a culture of peace and create a solid foundation for sustainable development.
The Government has established a Technical Committee to coordinate implementation of recommendations of the CRC Committee, including the protection of the rights of children of minority groups, indigenous peoples and migrant workers.
Members of religions should also work together against dangers such as atheism, drugs, hunger, war, violence, terrorism and xenophobia which cause disappearance of love among people.
While the world should generally welcome China’s initiative, the real question is what kind of aid developing Asia needs.
The universal periodic review was the way to analyse human rights situations without selectivity.
12. Decides further that all Member States shall take the measures necessary to prevent the direct or indirect supply, sale or transfer by their nationals or from their territories or using their flag vessels or aircraft of arms and related materiel of all types, including weapons and ammunition, military vehicles and equipment, paramilitary equipment and spare parts for the aforementioned and the direct or indirect supply of technical assistance or training, and financial and other assistance, including investment, brokering or other financial services, related to military activities or to the supply, sale, transfer, manufacture, maintenance or use of weapons and military equipment to the individuals or entities designated by the Committee pursuant to paragraph 15 below;
The distribution and commercialization strategies of the products and services must consider where the poor live as well as their work patterns.
Remember, only initial deposit is required to reserve a spot and payment plans are very flexible.
of independence of Kosovo is in accordance with international law
One way of overcoming the inseparability factor is the use of bank credit cards, whereby the service is transferable.
The Committee was informed that the different conditions of service were a significant challenge and had become a contentious issue that had affected staff morale and impeded the successful integration of security structures in the field.
Closely related with this is the capacity to be tolerant  not, indeed, of what is wrong, but of the weaknesses and immaturity of human nature which induce  people to make mistakes.
HR work is increasingly undertaken within a risk management framework (operating with reference to a risk control library), and with attention to streamlining and efficient modes of operating.
(b) The Permanent Military Court, which is governed by Order No. 85/015 of 19 April 1985 and whose decisions may be appealed to the Court of Cassation;
When a recommendation institution performs the recommendation duties, it shall designate some recommendation representatives to take charge of the specific recommendation work.
"Well," asked he, "what now?
Subtotal B: – 3.00
A. Current troop contributors
2. Calls upon States Parties whose experts are serving on the Commission to do their utmost to ensure the full participation of those experts in the work of the Commission, in accordance with the Convention;
IX. GOVERNANCE
The other transmission mechanism, trade, will not be so easy to fix.
It should be underlined that a statement made almost twenty years ago is still valid: "It is not a far fetched conclusion from there to say that public international law can never contain a justification for terrorist acts where the laws of war do not apply, if, given their application, such a justification is excluded" (loc. cit. 78).
He was released on condition of abandoning his political activities for the Freedom Party.
 In the remaining one year and a half, she would endeavour to hold consultations in all regions, make field trips to currently or recently war-torn countries and commission studies on critical aspects.
61. In the Board's opinion, it may be necessary in 1994-1995 to consider taking formal write-off action in recognition that the expenditure originally incurred may not now be recovered.
This paper analyzes the mechanism of the hydrocyclone used for oil-water separation.
This amount is, therefore, included in the recurrent expenditure estimates.
One of the oldest methods of making wine is chewing which take advantage of the yeast be developed by salivary zymogens .
The recommendations of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations, together with those of the Special Committee on Peace Operations, have focused on strengthening a range of core capacities, including financial support, to ensure that the United Nations has adequate resource to fulfil its peacekeeping mandates.
In price and quality, under the premise of hope to receive your support!
It's not too late to mend.
Portugal made recommendations.
.J. Naturl abilities are like natural plants that need pruning by study
If you are ill, you must see the doctor.
Theres Mastercard  Visa.One should love animals.
NGC 274
In this case, the Working Group finds that Mr. Sannikov's right to a fair trial, as provided for in article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and articles 10 and 11 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, has been violated.
(f) Broadening dissemination of medical procedures committed to the full observance of human rights, through effective, holistic, continuous and quality interventions;
Satish Dhawan Space Centre
You are a student at Notre Dame, right?
Despite the different employment levels, the report shows that during the period 2002 - 2012 there was no difference in the development of the employment rates for people with and without disabilities.
The Government of Afghanistan deserves our assistance and attention.
Second, governments, like individuals, households, and businesses, need to save for a rainy day.
Statements in the exercise of the right of reply were made by the representatives of Turkey and Cyprus.
The State party is under an obligation to ensure that similar violations do not occur in the future.
Some organizations do not define trust funds, or the definition is very general, although their financial regulations and rules, as well as other administrative guidelines and manuals refer to trust funds and regulate and govern their use.
States, in cooperation with non-governmental organizations, were encouraged to undertake information campaigns aimed at clarifying opportunities, limitations and rights in the event of migration, so as to enable migrants, in particular women, to make informed decisions, and to protect them from victimization by traffickers and from utilizing dangerous means of access that put their lives and physical integrity at risk.
Maybe, that is the in-stuff, I thought
The car behind us really annoys me
It signifies that you have offended her in some callous way, and will be followed by the "Loud Sigh"
It is reasonable to point out that freer trade does have costs.
Chairman: Mr. Al Bayati (Iraq)
 Such action shall be based on an official request from the State whose security and sovereignty are threatened but shall not absolve the parties themselves of their responsibility and duty to show political will in settling their differences by talks and other peaceful means.
Health facilities, goods and services should be known and easily accessible (economically, physically and socially) to all adolescents, without discrimination.
Marrickville Council
There came a Saturday morning ugly with the portent of storm.
The President: May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to conclude its consideration of agenda item 54?
The Generalissimo's prolonged stay here is not of our doing.
Mr. Habib Ben Yahia**
He stressed the need for a continuing discussion on electronic reverse auctions or frameworks which were believed, in some quarters, to be set to replace quotations.
Developing opportunities with bearing repair and other related industry services, achieve sales business plan.
They have covered issues such as the assessment of environmental impacts from deep-sea exploration, mining technology, the status of resources, standardization of techniques for data collection and prospects for international collaboration in deep-sea environmental research.
78. The right to free professional association is proclaimed by the Constitution in article 12 and article 49, paragraph 1, and is set out in detail in article 4 and articles 33-49 of the Labour Code.
"Conflict prevention involves confidence- and trust-building, and begins with reducing the role of nuclear and other weapons in security policies.
She would have nothing to do with men who wore sports-related jewelry, because her boyfriend should not love Derek Jeter more than her.
Estimate 2010-2011: 6 reported cases/
16. UNFPA should negotiate with Governments to either provide free premises or make a contribution towards accommodation costs.
This means that reported crimes also include incidents that turn out after an investigation not to be a crime or incidents where a crime cannot be proved.
The first two sentences of regulation 5.4 as revised provide as follows:
Kamil Muhammad Abd al-Rahman
Participation in global trade is an important aspect of a developing country's strategic approach to sustainable industrial development.
But she left a passion in us for the pure knowable world and she 10)inflamed me with a curiosity which has never left.
The land of the southern plains, including Oklahoma, was originally covered with grasses that held the fine soil in place.
Further the Literary Café was another new form of exchange that allowed an informal meeting between the writers and the public.
However, the flip side of that point raises an interesting question: how great can these performances be if the film is still bad?
Continuity-Check-Request signal
138. We recognize that health is a precondition for and an outcome and indicator of all three dimensions of sustainable development.
They are advised about infant malnutrition, nutrition, day-care centres, sanitation and baby oral health.
E-mail: secretariat@ifac-control.org
These benefits are allocated by an administrative board (article 3 of the Act; Sovereign Ordinance No. 3583 of 23 May 1966 establishing the membership of the Monegasque Family Assistance Board; Sovereign Ordinance No. 3733 of 1 February 1967 establishing the procedures of the Monegasque Family Assistance Board).
Honestly IMO it's unwise for any of those countries to be provoking China right now. No idea why they decided this would be a good idea.
Redistribution of work relating to legal services to United Nations organs and programmes
Estonia
6. The Conference recognizes the important role which the establishment of new nuclear-weapon-free zones and the signature to the protocols of new and previously existing zones by the nuclear-weapon States has played in extending negative security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the zones concerned.
Bacterial action was favourable for organic matter to be inverted into immature oil, and thermal effect was an important condition for the formation of immature oil.
52. The Special Rapporteur will work on contemporary forms of child labour for economic exploitation.
The nuclear and missile issues on the Korean peninsula present a serious challenge to the peace and stability of north-east Asia and to the international community as a whole.
IDA to sub-Saharan Africa
Ukrainian Law of 24 December 1993, No. 3808-XII.
This is my survey of a tumultuous landscape, done with all the uncertainty of a cartographer who does not know exactly where the boundaries of revolt begin and end.
In the vortex of world affairs their struggle was hardly noticeable.
It was noted that more flexibility in the application of the framework, as well as all creditors' contributing a fair share of the relief, would be needed to further progress in the HIPC Initiative.
for details of posting information of using Speedpost FreightPLUS Service.
Including 468 letters, 96 reports and 752 notes to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and peacekeeping missions
(c) Consider the following single issues/items for discussion:
In Royal Garden each second wasted can not be simply calculated via money.
I began with a story of two children, one with opportunities and one without.
For cleaning, maintenance and changing of wheels the machine can be lifted out of the water tray.
V. PROTECTING THE ENTITLEMENTS OF THE POOREST: THE ROLE OF SOCIAL PROTECTION 26 - 32 16
This park features a spectacular limestone karst landscape with an underground river.
United Nations/Austria Symposium on Space Science
II. Travel of delegations
The influences of the composition on the viscosity and stability were discussed.
Priority areas for action
In the Server certificate to be used for this virtual host field, enter the server certificate name that you created earlier.
In order to distract themselves, they lay in the grass and looked up at the sky.
Female genital mutilation should be incorporated in the list of serious violations of the basic rights of the person and must become a priority of cooperation policy.
32. In an effort to build the capacity of the national media and the National Communication Council, BINUB provided training to journalists in ethics, media regulation, investigative journalism and communication techniques.
While reform of the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions is important and urgent, we can also make these international institutions more effective by encouraging them to forge strong partnerships with regional institutions that play useful roles in fostering regional peace and development.
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Algeria made a statement on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China (see A/C.2/49/SR.29).
The Committee is concerned that the admission and enrolment rates are below the national level and the repetition and drop out rates are higher than the average national level (arts. 2 and 5).
Stressing also the possibility for the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission to facilitate, through its good offices, the restoration of an attitude of respect for the Geneva Conventions and Protocol I,
While this figure is similar to that of the previous session of the Assembly, it reflects a 6 percentage point decrease for the Council in comparison with 2010.
Hanwei Six Dynasties; Biography Dutiful Son; Creations and finishing; Syncretism; Reasons of Prosperity;
4.3 Dates of the events to which the communication refers:
I would like to point out that food security continues to be a high political priority for my country.
The Morning Times isn't going to know how long I stayed here.
The task now is to ensure it takes hold and grows.
Let Us Be Proud Because of You - College Head
The Panel has therefore excluded this amount from the claim for evacuation costs.
But it reflects a widespread sentiment among many Poles, including those who are staunch supporters of close ties to the US.
The focus of attention of this partnership for the balance of the duration of the Brussels Programme must be on the full implementation of the agreed commitments and actions contained in the Brussels Programme and related undertakings, attuned to country circumstances and with special consideration given to the areas identified in the preceding section.
Heil Hitler!
entitled "Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century": implementation of
South Africa 2
53. Public spending on social development in Mexico has increased in recent years both in absolute terms and as a proportion of GDP.
 Guinea-Bissau, as a country of the subregion and a member of ECOWAS, has always expressed its frustration over the limited means available to ECOMOG.
Regional cooperation in times of uncertainty
This item was included in the agenda of the forty-first session of the General Assembly, in 1986, at the request of Brazil (A/41/143 and Corr.1).
Sustainable development: International Strategy for Disaster Reduction
The conceptual framework proposed in chapter II cannot be implemented without a fair and equitable enabling environment for poverty reduction.
A Special International Donor Meeting on Chernobyl will be held today, 25 November 1997, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Khotons
1.We talk about energy all the time-"Zilch,the energy food," "energy crisis," and so on.If asked to define it,however,we'd probably respond with something like "Well,it's-uh-well,you know-electricity.
Regarding the procurement of goods and services for the Organization, there was a strong need to establish a roster of potential suppliers from all UNIDO Member States in conformity with the Financial Rules.
12. Mr. Sparber (Liechtenstein), Vice-Chair, took the Chair.
3. Recommendation 444 86
Yale International Relations Association
The plane is about to take off. Please don't walk about in the cabin.
(iv) To 33 ODP-tonnes in 2006;
Chile
However, it is concerned that the capacity and resources of the Office have not been adequately strengthened to ensure effective coordination among different institutions at various levels and efficiently promote, monitor and evaluate the implementation of national gender equity legislation and policies, in particular the Public Policy on Gender Equity.
Joint programmes were also designed with the aim of harnessing United Nations expertise and resources for greater impact and efficiency.
One of my favourites is this one.
They are also invited to address the pre-session working group.
During the appeal, counsel for the author expressly advised the Court that he was not litigating these allegations.
Conclusion The porosity and core flow efficiency in the damaged zone are decreased, which seriously affects the flow efficiency of the oil Well.
Tools are missing for an integrated overview or consolidated information about the risks relevant for UNIDO.
To encourage inclusion of a gender perspective in all phases of peacekeeping operations, from planning through to conclusion, including the reconstruction process.
57. Mr. Vrailas (Observer for the European Union), speaking also on behalf of the candidate countries Albania, Montenegro, Serbia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey; the stabilization and association process country Bosnia and Herzegovina; and, in addition, Georgia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine, said that he welcomed the Secretary-General's efforts to ensure an integrated approach to outreach activities on the priority issues on the Organization's agenda.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee
1. Adoption of the agenda.
Welcomes the increased internal audit coverage in 2009, the broadening of the focus of work beyond compliance to include performance-based auditing, and the improvements made in tracking the implementation of recommendations;
Have been infected with HIV/AIDS
The displacement field and electric potential field are depicted approximately by the accurate displacement and electric potential distribution functions through thickness, respectively.
States will be enlisted on a first-come-first served basis, with the proviso that representatives at the highest level will be given priority.
Continued cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General
In 1998, the numbers of students enrolled in institutions of higher learning and middle schools had increased by 22.99 and 41.11 times, respectively, compared to the highest figures before 1949; the educated population was close to 300 million persons, and the number of students enrolled reached 230 million persons.
Lo, their good is not in their hand: the counsel of the wicked is far from me.
We hope that out of this will emerge practical ideas of reform and consolidation.
6. In December 2008, Belgium received an opinion of the Human Rights Committee, a body created by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, with respect to a complaint filed by Nabil Sayadi (QI.S.84.03) and Patricia Vinck (QI.V.85.03), both Belgian nationals and residents.
martini (dry)
Waste (solid and liquid) management programmes were established during the 2013/14 financial year, but will be implemented during 2014/15, owing to the ongoing procurement process.
The response to terrorism, however, should not be so extreme as to perpetuate hatred and violence and should not be used to subdue legitimate dissent, suppress fundamental freedoms or backtrack from the considerable progress made.
And what hast thou to do with all these iron men, and their opinions?
The largest gains were made by developing countries, whose average life expectancy rose from 41 to 66 years, but life expectancy increased in every region.
76. In terms of sources of domestic finance, a country study was made of India, where a number of initiatives to support the financing of ESTs have been established.
And for them there are always classic brands, such as Italian label Dana Pisarra, which produces elegant-but-simple lingerie tops, often adorned with lace or organza.
(d) Analytical report of the Secretariat on the implementation of the Protocol against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms, Their Parts and Components and Ammunition, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime (CTOC/COP/2006/8).
Under this rule, members can also append their individual opinions to the Committee's decisions declaring communications admissible or inadmissible.
The right of society to the truth has been recognized by other human rights bodies, such as the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances, IACHR and the Independent expert to update the Set of Principles to reflect recent developments in international law and practice, including international jurisprudence and State practice.
I committed was the time I went to a party in a suit.
To address this problem, consideration should be given to the creation of regional stock markets and to encouraging multilateral financial institutions to act as intermediaries in order to enhance these countries’ access to capital markets.
This article analyzes the power-controlled and right-guaranteed constitutional theoretical principles in the tax legislation, and suggests the concrete thoughts of tax legislation perfection.
All States in this subregion have border control measures in place.
In some parts of the world, information and communication technologies (ICTs) are contributing to revolutionary changes in business and everyday life.
19. Document ICCD/CRIC(11)/19/Add.1 contains a summary of the deliberations of Parties and observers at the eleventh session of the CRIC (CRIC 11), as well as a compilation of the draft recommendations contained in the official documentation submitted to the Committee for consideration.
In order to receive compensation for C1-MPA for hostage-taking or illegal detention for more than three days, the Panel determined in its First Report that claimants must establish the fact of being held hostage or illegally detained and the number of days they were so held. First Report, p. 90.
Ministries and municipalities need to publish annual reports and financial statements.
South Korean defense officials plan to protest the ship sinking in Thursday's meeting, a spokesman for the defense ministry said.
Piracy
In the area of communications and information, it is difficult to separate out the impacts of the embargo from the overall factors that affect the free flow of information and the use of information and communication technologies in the country.
A tornado is accompanied by a high-speed rotation of the funnel cloud, in strong wind vortex
We will continue to consider ways to ensure that these benefits can be broadly shared by the international community in conformity with the Treaty.
Borders of Angola
22. Substantive progress in the area of science and technology was also made: the Conference adopted recommendations by its Committee on Science and Technology which encouraged institutions and non-governmental organizations to develop and test benchmarks and indicators, invited Parties to carry out pilot studies on early warning systems and proposed the collection of case studies from local and indigenous communities on traditional knowledge.
In the view of the Committee, all personnel hired for activities directly related to the elections should be on temporary positions.
92. As Africa's transformation agenda is still evolving and includes a number of different components, it is important to closely monitor its development to ensure that the support of the United Nations system is constantly aligned with Africa's priorities.
Would you like me perhaps to embrace you just for a fraction of a second?
As a result, UNEP, through its green economy initiative, has positioned itself as a global leader in the green economy movement.
Not ratified
My expectation is that we will sign a bilateral agreement next month.
Part Two: Action taken by the Conference of the Parties at its third session
H.E. Mr. Mochamad Slamet Hidayat Chargé d'affaires a.i.
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned that although the Public Defender for Human Rights can receive complaints from children, it is not provided with adequate financial, technical and human resources to effectively fulfil this function.
As the banana industry had fallen and the tourism sector expanded, women were starting businesses as vendors, and the Government had established facilities for them.
A sea is sometimes as placid as a mirror.
--Gustave FlaubertAdversity reveals genius; fortune conceals it
Dances with the Dragons
I standing the place doesn't mere want to see far distance but to see the whole.
How important is it to inform workers of the hazards of night shift?
During your upkeep, pay UU or bury Dance of Many.
Also decides that the draft text reflecting the outcome of the work of the contact group on compliance that met during the sixth meeting of the Conference of the Parties, set out in the annex to the present decision, shall form the basis for its further work on the procedures and mechanisms at its seventh meeting;
Samara
A couple had lost their heads , Good Heavens!
To help speakers in the general debate respect the time limit, a mechanism will be installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall.
My stupid father to a stupid son.
2. Transfers of conventional weapons
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
We know that, as a complement to official development assistance (ODA), national efforts must play a more decisive role.
Hartmann's Theory.
Privilegium Minus
A
Face-shields are necessary when a splash or particulate to the face might occur.
Our objective is to achieve a much better response to emergencies than we have at present and we are willing to consider all possible options that might lead to this outcome - the outcome we need.
The first chapter carries on the definition and importance of oral communication teaching.
68. The establishment of four General Service (Other level) posts is proposed, as follows:
All migrants should be free from cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment and have effective access to complaint mechanisms and judicial remedies.
The road is uphill all the way.
V. The head of the Prosecution Service shall make the necessary arrangements in his sphere of competence for the flow of information to the consular representation."
The monitoring of geological hazard is a key task for disaster prevention.
As corn prices rise, some ranchers are choosing wheat as a feed crop, boosting demand for the cereal and its price.
In December 1998, a Presidential Decree established the Anti-Terrorism Centre under the Security Service of Ukraine, whose primary responsibility is to coordinate the efforts of the executive authorities in the prevention and interdiction of terrorist acts against State officials, facilities critical to public welfare and particularly hazardous facilities, which threaten the life and health of individuals.
The Almaty Programme of Action emphasizes the importance of private sector investment, including FDI, in developing transport infrastructure.
8.6 As to article 2 (3) of the Covenant, the State party submits that the authors of the communication have not proven their general assertion that there are no local remedies in New Zealand which can be exhausted where an author is aggrieved by a statute which violates or is alleged to violate the Covenant.
First, the mandate assigned by the General Assembly with regard to chapter 7 (Promoting sustainable human settlements development) and other relevant chapters and activities of Agenda 21[1] will be given considerable attention.
Another solution might be to make subparagraph (c) clearer by indicating that it referred to services of a professional nature, as the representative of Canada had suggested.
Recommendation 4
Berg smiled with a sense of his own superiority over a mere weak woman, and paused, reflecting that this charming wife of his was, after all, a weak woman, who could never attain all that constituted a man's dignity,鈥攅in Mann zu sein.
WHO also promotes a programme on violence and injuries prevention, which aims to develop global strategies for violence prevention and management and care of those affected by violence, to assist countries in developing sound national policies.
(d) The adoption in 2003 of the Strategic Programme to Overcome Poverty to be implemented from 2004 to 2015;
3. The Government of the Republic of Indonesia is committed to taking necessary steps to implement the provision of operative paragraph 8 of UN Security Council Resolution 1718 (2006) in accordance with the relevant Indonesian law and regulations.
China is ten times the size of Japan, and Japan was not easy to deal with, either.
This licence shall be returned the Authority when it has expired or been revoked.
Help! Please, help me!
Recruit Captain : Recruit a new ship captain to command a ship in your fleet.
Today, only the red cross and red crescent are in use.
In particular, consideration will be given to the possible registration of the International Space Environment Service regional warning centres as data-collection or -production centres in the WMO information system framework, with a view to ensuring broad accessibility of the data worldwide.
(b) Ensure effective implementation by companies, particularly the uranium mining industry, of international and national environment and health standards, and that the implementation is monitored and appropriately sanctioned and remedies provided when violations occur, and that appropriate international certification is sought;
This concludes my list of speakers for today.
5- Able to summarize the gained information push vendor for improvement.
As the centre of our collective security mechanism, the United Nations bears the primary and irreplaceable responsibility of maintaining international peace and security.
Membership Attendance
104. If the deportation is conducted on a charter flight, a representative of the minister and medical assistance must accompany the flight. In addition, an impartial, neutral and independent observer from an international organization or association, active in the field of international humanitarian law, may also attend the deportation.
Abdelhafid Benchabla
The doctor put the lantern at the head of the grave and came and sat down with his back against one of the elm trees.
D. Education
People were trodden under foot by the tyrant.
These changes in methodology indicate insufficient project planning.
As we prepare for the 2005 NPT Review Conference, Canada will be pressing hard to encourage all States to be faithful to the bargain they made in 1995, a bargain premised upon permanence with accountability.
S Est O/R1 (Valuation Section)
Quantity Surveyor/FS(2)
Informal informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/69/L.4, entitled "Modalities for the intergovernmental negotiations and the adoption of a multilateral legal framework for sovereign debt restructuring processes" (under agenda item 17 (c)) (convened by the delegation of Algeria)
The lateral movement of contaminants in the aquifer from recharge to discharge area may be accelerated by intensive aquifer exploitation.
Learn steel, key is in leader, the foundation is in masses.
First, it is crucial to make a rational threat assessment.
Her suggestion weighed heavily in this decision.
:: Nicaraguans fully recognize that they belong to a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multilingual nation.
There is also the sun, it is not the warmth of the sun baked but sinister to this piece of land.
The cases and incidents which have been brought to the Special Rapporteur's attention constitute a record of violations of the exercise and enjoyment of basic rights such as the right of peoples to self-determination and permanent sovereignty over national resources; the right to development, the rights to life, health, an adequate standard of living and sufficient food, safe and healthy working conditions, housing, information, participation, and freedom of association; the right to enjoy the benefits of scientific progress and its applications; trade union rights; the right to strike; the right to bargain collectively; and the right to social security.
That is similar to a general aggravating circumstance in the case of a racist crime, in the sense that the racist aim shall be taken into account by the judge in each crime such as defamation, while proffering the ruling.
The Ministry of Justice has added the names of the listed individuals to our national border checkpoint list kept in the computer database.
[Adopted in English, French and Spanish, the Spanish text being the original version.
Invoices and receipts of the expenses allegedly incurred by Icomsa were not submitted.
(d) To ensure the integration of the Guiding Principles into the post-2015 development agenda and framework.
The Committee considers that the issue of whether the effects of the challenged legislation, which continue after the entry into force of the Optional Protocol, constitute a violation is an issue closely interwoven with the merits of the case.
Official meetings
2. Europe
The Governing Council,
We are therefore of the view that the circular in question does not in any way violate article 19, paragraph 2 of the Covenant.
But like all Chinese liberals, they had no armed forces and they were nearly helpless.
A new subparagraph should exclude countermeasures violating "obligations to protect the environment against widespread, long-term and severe damage". (Republic of Korea)
How Some New Liberalists Influence the Reform? How Some Mainstream Economists Misguide the Reform ?
Eight programmes referred to gender issues in their highlights of programme results.
71. The mismanagement of resource-rich areas due, in part, to unclear and conflicting laws and ownership titles continues to provide opportunities for the illegal exploitation of resources (illicit diamond mining and chain-sawing of timber), representing a continuation of wartime practices and impeding the development of good governance and sustainable environmental management.
For agencies such as UNIDO, WHO, ILO, UNESCO and FAO, this share is very significant (see table 1). Percentage of assessed or regular budget contributions of specialized agencies defined as being for operational activities for development
It is time to examine new and alternative models for agriculture and trade, such as that provided by the vision of food sovereignty, which places priority on food security and the right to food, for all people at all times.
But on Wednesday, of the non-G-8 countries present, only Australia, Indonesia and South Korea embraced the target.
Without unusual measures to protect fragile and vulnerable countries, no happiness was in store for the international community.
He was still here when we were talking.
It consistently advocated for the right to development, which presented a holistic, cohesive and integrated framework for advancing development and for achieving the Millennium Development Goals and all three dimensions of sustainable development.
2. An injured State or international organization taking countermeasures is not relieved from fulfilling its obligations:
:: Chairmanship of the Central African Republic Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Steering Committee, and the provision of advice on ex-combatant list, ex-combatant camps, sensitization campaigns and reintegration activities
Hindu temple in Khajuraho, central India.
After studying dance in London for five years, Julianne returned home to the U.S., and decided to pursue a singing career.
VIII.74 The estimate of $49,492,400 for non-post resources proposed for 20102011 reflects a net decrease of $63,000 compared to the biennium 2008-2009.
In Annex IX of the Basel Convention, the waste entry B1110 ("Electrical and electronic assemblies") has two footnotes: 1. "In some countries, these materials (used mobile phones) destined for direct reuse are not considered wastes." 2.
— Establish a system for the reserves of strategic mineral resources.
9. Requests the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system concerned to provide information on:
There is still no information concerning what eventually happened to them or confirming that they continued to be held captive by the Azerbaijanis.
And, if eaten in proportion, it won't make you fat; that's a promise.
S/RES/1265(1999), OP12
s take a walk after supper, shall we
Along the same lines, we must strengthen the role of the Peacebuilding Commission, the Peacebuilding Office and Peacebuilding Fund in a framework conducive to greater coordination between the role of the Secretary-General, on the one hand, and the role of the Commission, on the other, especially in view of the leading operational role assumed by the Commission on the ground.
The Claimant asserts that the three border posts ceased to function on 2 August 1990 "due to the situation that prevailed at the time and, in addition, due to the real property damage suffered by all three posts".
Companies based in Hamburg
4.4.2. Proposals for national policies and processes with respect to the nomination of
62/165 Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
 (o) East Timor has over the past two decades embarked on the path to nation-building as Indonesia's twenty-seventh province.
46. It is far less the Covenant itself than its interpretation by the Human Rights Committee in its general comments which is of interest to the issue forming the subject of the present study.
2. Further recommends that special attention be devoted, in this context, to the rights of the child in the areas of definition of war crimes, age of criminal responsibility, aggravating and mitigating circumstances of the crimes and the protection of the rights of the child victim within the court's jurisdiction.
Suitable - board fake - double board carbon ink silver slurryLCD precision circle  label  - sensitive  taphole  of anti - seal - tadpole wet membrane printing.
Dear of, my heart roves around between the point of a knife and the wave point.
Moreover, lack of awareness of human rights has resulted in a number of individual practices affecting the exercise of this right.
Through these and prior workshops (in particular the workshops held at Amman in 1997, Tehran in 1998, New Delhi in 1999 and Beijing in 2000), a consensus was reached on the principles of the Framework for Regional Technical Cooperation for the Asia-Pacific Region.
(c) The installation of the new Government of concord;
It took him completely out of his sphere .
Owing to the closing of the catering and dining facilities, as at 1 March 1998, the budget provides $51,200 for meal allowance for 30 military troops for 3,660 person/days at $14 per person per day.
The decision of the Abyei Boundaries Commission must be implemented in a responsible manner, with full respect for the rights of the peoples involved.
Co-education is generally allowed up to primary education level (up to grade V). Beyond primary it is allowed only if the requisite facilities and services for female students are available or accessible.
Voßstraße
Not so much the decline of the United States, it is better to say that other countries are rising while the dysfunctional politics of Washington failed to realize the birth of a new world.
Mongolia
Complex bureaucratic procedures
Commission regulation 1996/2001
1038
7. In a further submission of 15 October 2002, the State party responds to the author's request to have additional angioplasty to open the remaining three blocked arteries and his request that prisoners, and not prison doctors, should be allowed to decide which medical procedure the prisoner will undergo.
The team's task would be to assist in the restructuring and train-the-trainers process, supervising it and evaluating periodically the implementation of the programme, especially during its initial phase.
Then, in 1954, a decision was made to transfer Crimean Region to Ukraine, along with Sevastopol, despite the fact that it was a federal city.
Forthcoming official meetings held away from Headquarters
The quantitative and qualitative improvement of food supplies;
Armenia
(h) Joint Exercise between Coast Guard Agencies
Instead, she urged the Organization to carry on with the work left behind by the victims and support Iraq in overcoming the daunting challenges it now faced.
The results showed that silicon carbide and petroleum coke powder co-deposited homogeneously;
The platforms define a joint strategy and establish operational teams made up of colleagues working in various sectors and, most importantly, in various regions and countries of the world.
Accession: Estonia (7 November 2008)1
14. In resolution 20/13, the Governing Council reaffirmed and elaborated on housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living for persons who are vulnerable and disadvantaged.
The results were then reviewed by the Member States and the Commission within the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health (SCFCAH).
The wet multi - disc brake is a new brake widely used in construction and underground mining machineries.
(a) Adoption of rules, regulations and procedures incorporating applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Josephine Balsamo dies in Corsica, but not without having put in motion a diabolical plan of revenge.
A workingwoman who works in industry and construction business cannot be assigned to night shifts unless she is allowed to have at least 12 hours of break before that.
(b) Planned management actions (column 2);
So I guess the big secret about you Is that you used to be just a typical high school student.
Madagascar
Regulation 9.3
Procurement services -- Denmark
7. The regulations in force are regularly consolidated by the Central Bank in order to be reviewed and forwarded again to the financial institutions by means of "circulars" and "circular letters"; they are also accessible from the Central Bank's home page on the Internet.
Let us act together to create a smooth road!
He got a line on where to buy cheaper supplies.
This fund consists of 15 per cent of the tax revenues, including constitutional transfers, and should be invested in maintaining and developing basic education.
But it seems that I didn't really understand the meaning hiding in the words.
Ultrasonic effect on the surface tension of several kinds of detergent solution was analyzed by test.
(i) Increased amount of research on commodity production in countries with economies that are dependent on commodities, with the aim of diversifying their production, including by increasing the added value of their commodities
51. The Commission noted that detainees were especially vulnerable to torture upon their arrest, during the first days of detention and during interrogations.
The strategies should target the building of capabilities within agencies to communicate and advocate for the business community's understanding of the benefits of competition.
Against that backdrop, it is imperative that we engage in frank discussions on development cooperation, and on financing for development in particular.
And when they met the enemy a battle took place and there was great peril and a great hail of bullets, with his comrades falling all round him.
Bad back, you know.
Actively participating in and promoting international cooperation in drug control.
(h) The Lebanese Republic: Ministry of Foreign Affairs US$24,560;
Monday 3 June
While it was recognized that there was a need to discuss Internet governance issues globally, it was felt that there was a need to act locally.
(i) Complete the review of 10 further reports;
 751. The Chairman of the Knesset Law Committee reportedly indicated that out of 11 Palestinians who had died during GSS investigation over the past five years, only two cases had resulted in the filing of criminal charges.
H. United Nations Regional Centre for Preventive Diplomacy for Central Asia
24. To strengthen the article II ban on the manufacture or acquisition of nuclear weapons, States parties must have strong declaratory policies that established the necessity of compliance with the NPT.
World Trade Organization
The Chairman: The sponsors of the draft resolution have expressed the wish that the Committee adopt the draft without a vote.
On paragraph 13 - exchange rate fluctuations - the EC, while having no problem with the current law, was sympathetic to the concerns which had been raised and supported the idea of exploring these concerns in the context of trade negotiations.
B. JITAP Phase II, Regional Africa, operation in Zambia - Cluster 1 - RAF/0T/3AI 16
Fashion show is a comprehensive art form The incidental music, which is used in fashion show, are specially composed or selected for fashion show and therefore an inalienable part of this art.
Other matters
Slight, meeting the Gu be cold penitence in the dark night.
7.4 The Committee recalls its jurisprudence to the effect that authors must avail themselves of all judicial remedies in order to fulfil the requirement of article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol, insofar as such remedies appear to be effective in the given case and are de facto available to the author.
In this article, the teaching process of colleges and universities as the starting point, analyze the possible principal-agent relationships in the teaching process of colleges and universities.
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.1/62/L.24/Rev.1: United Nations Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa (A/C.5/62/10 and A/62/7/Add.17)
It is different if you are invited to a party, and it also depends on what kind of party it is.
Subsequently, the Assembly, in its resolutions 58/129, 60/215, 62/211 and 64/426, and the Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 2003/61, recognized the important contribution of partnerships for sustainable development to the implementation of internationally agreed sustainable development commitments and goals and the continuing efforts of the secretariat of the Commission on Sustainable Development to promote such partnerships.
a Statistical Papers, No. 78 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.84.XVII.12).
It would be helpful if the Commission could proceed with its work accordingly.
and the hangings of the court, and the screen for the doorway of the gate of the court which is around the tabernacle and the altar, and their cords and all the equipment for their service; and all that is to be done, they shall perform.
Discussions are taking place with UNDP, UNICEF and the ILO to better coordinate further development activities and usage of resources.
Media Relations Unit
German poetry
Comments by Thailand
Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session
In addition, child marriage affects educational advancement opportunities and limits future economic earnings potential.
Carries out administrative and financial monitoring of national and subregional projects in the field of control measures (law enforcement and precursor control) and other projects as required.
It is anticipated that, for the biennium 2004-2005, resources from this Fund would, subject to sufficiency of resources, cover staff costs and related expenditures for 27 temporary posts at Headquarters and in the field.
:: Authorized strength of formed police units is determined as for the other uniformed categories, with 280, 980 and 1,540 formed police unit personnel for profiles 1, 2 and 3 respectively.
Many of them have pursued careers as professional artists and have contributed much to the performing arts in Hong Kong.
To prevent such fault lines from becoming more deeply inscribed dialogue among civilizations should be more vigorously encouraged in the future.
In that regard, there was a need to follow up the recommendations made to the Director-General of UNESCO at the Intergovernmental Conference on Cultural Policies for Development.
Article 62 Whoever uses in any workplaces toxic substances that are explicitly prohibited by the State or that fail to meet the national standards shall be ordered to stop the use of such substances forthwith, and shall be imposed a fine of not less than 50,000 yuan but not more than 300,000 yuan by the administrative department for public health; if the circumstances are serious, the offender shall be ordered to stop the operations in which toxic substances are used, or a request shall be made to the relevant people's government to shut it down within the limits of authority vested by the State Council; where the offender causes any serious occupational poisoning hazard or causes any occupational poisoning accident, the person in charge who is responsible therefor and other directly responsible persons shall be investigated for criminal liability according to the provisions of the criminal law on the crime of causing an accident in the control over dangerous articles, the crime of negligently causing serious accidents or other crimes.
D
As a result, food security was a primary concern, as more than 90 per cent of its food was imported and it was continually being challenged by food price and supply volatility.
Summary In decision 3/COP 8, the Conference of the Parties (COP) requested the Committee on Science and Technology (CST) to provide advice on how best to measure progress on strategic objectives 1, 2 and 3 of the 10-year strategic plan and framework to enhance the implementation of the Convention (The Strategy).
 They also claimed that at least 40 Muslim and Croat houses had been completely destroyed or severely damaged in bombing attacks in Prijedor.
5.0 Map of Nigeria
Would you mind my smoking here
Franciscans International
Special social problems
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chad, Chile, Colombia, Comoros, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, Gabon, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Iraq, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Maldives, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Micronesia (Federated States of), Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
You are depressed you are in such a thought has been restricting the thinking, moving the fight you seek to explore the positive nature of society?
Immediately following the consultations the Council met in a formal meeting (4181st meeting) to adopt resolution 1312 (2000) approving the deployment of 100 military observers to Eritrea and Ethiopia.
All States Members of the United Nations, not only those who are members of the Conference on Disarmament, are encouraged to actively participate in the high-level meeting.
The 2004 - 2007 intercountry programme will make a valuable contribution to knowledge building at interregional, regional and national levels through support to data collection, including the development of qualitative research methodologies around priority issues.
175. The Women's Development Fund was established in 2002 on the initiative of MOWAC to empower women economically.
This embargo has also limited the Cuban Administration's ability to import foodstuff, agricultural products, medical equipment and the medicine required to treat the ill.
2. Any request made in accordance with paragraph 1 of the present rule shall include a statement indicating that such a request does not imply that any decision has been reached on the question of admissibility of the communication.
5097 Axford
As cases of gender-based violence in conflict areas were on the increase, the role of women personnel was becoming more critical.
It may therefore be asked: how can this Opinion, wherein it is concluded that a declaration adopted by some one hundred individuals, selfproclaimed representatives of the people, does not violate international law, guide the requesting organ, the General Assembly, in respect of its own action?
For lovely eyes,seek out the good in people
Without addition of any substance which could destabilize the secondary stickies, the adsorption of secondary stickies on the talc and PCC could result in the stickies deposit.
Commercial Information Circular No. 462/2005
It also supported the Special Committee's request that the review should focus on questions of the coordinated planning, deployment, management and support of peacekeeping operations.
Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs Humanitarian assistance
Contents
"So that's why my little garden had such a big crop! "she exclaimed
I need to make a collect call to Canada.
One may ask where these countries obtain the resources to finance the expenses of equipping, feeding and clothing so many men for more than three years now.
Twenty-two intergovernmental and 73 non-governmental organizations were also represented.
Where the central authority transmits the request to a competent authority for execution, it shall encourage the speedy and proper execution of the request by the competent authority.
Enquiries about the Fund can be made at the above two Medical Social Services Units, the Rehabilitation and Medical Services Branch, SWD (Tel.: 2892 5202) or SWD's Departmental Hotline (Tel.: 2343 2255).
Triangle
The Conference also underscored the unique opportunities for raising awareness on forest biodiversity during the International Year of Forests and encouraged donors to fund Forests 2011-related activities and a joint staff position to be based at the Forum secretariat.
"The Bahamas finds the Committee's insistence on an investigation somewhat unusual given that the delegation addressed this issue rather exhaustively during the dialogue and given that it is a request for an investigation into something that has no form to date.
This map depicts the ancient literati scene  Guoqin  degree system.
66. To expand the availability of content in all six official languages, the Department created more than 700 new pages and updated another 9,000 web pages in Arabic.
Forthcoming other meetings
Takes note of the recommendations of the Joint Inspection Unit in 2013, especially those aspects that have particular relevance to the work of UNFPA;
26. The secretariat provided a brief overview of the following CGE activities for 2011, as outlined in the work programme of the group:
The EU welcomes the developments and improvements achieved during the past year.
86. It is believed that the only effective way to fill the existing knowledge gap is by testing the devices in situ and monitoring and evaluating their impacts, taking into account the precautionary approach.
Liaison meetings
Those changes are intended not only to improve the work of the Security Council, but also to expand the involvement in its work of non-members of the Council and regional organizations.
The simulation indicates that the method is correct andand is able to minish the transverse deviation.
It maintains that, in accordance with the principle of the inalienability of peace, which has become an international right to peace, the Committee should support and consolidate peace and encourage national reconciliation with a view to strengthening States affected by domestic crises.
The Special Music Program ( SMP ) was designed 30 years ago to train talented young musicians in Taiwan.
Continued use of elements of indigenous peoples' cultural heritage already readily available to the general public in a manner that is fair and equitable, paying particular attentionconcern to the rights and interests of those from whom the elements originated, might thus be excluded from the obligation to obtainprinciple of free, prior and informed consent.
Letter dated 30 April 2008 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Thailand to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Last night Daddy and I walked down toward the lake and it looks as though they're just about ready to pick. It's a good thing we're here now
With the demobilization of 7,332 members of the National Defence Force, the Government has achieved the target of a 30,000-member force, securing the disbursement of budget support from the European Commission and France, which had conditioned the provision of the funding on that benchmark being met.
Wealth are not who has it,but who enjoys it.
In addition, at the time MPW submitted its claim, it had not entered into a post-liberation contract.
They were on the verge of defeat in the shoot-out as the Chelsea captain John Terry came up to take the penalty that would have brought the Champions League trophy to Stamford Bridge.
Columbus Avenue
In 2006, the OAPR internal audit services covered a number of operational and project activities (33 assignments, with 30 reports were issued during the year) which, when compared with the planned audits (42 assignments), indicated a 79 per cent implementation rate.
(f) Call upon the Preparatory Commission to continue its international cooperation activities and the organizing of workshops, seminars and training programmes in the legal and technical fields;
There have been a total of 377 AIDS cases reported in the Territory, and 199 known deaths to date. The number of new cases reported in 1998 was 30, down from 74 in 1997.
Sisters of Mercy of the Americas Sociologists for Women in Society
Contract losses
 This implies that we have an obligation to work out a clearer definition of the respective roles and responsibilities of the various entities involved, better analyses of emergency situations and assessment of needs.
Resources should be used cost-effectively and accountably, while their management should be constantly improving.
Implementation of joint programming activities, led by UNFPA, has commenced in the Philippines and Rwanda.
Recommendations
Hence, there is no guarantee that the reserve can be counted upon as a means to reduce the overall costs of strategic deployment stocks to the full extent of its value.
To complement the promotion of implementing Security Council resolution 1540 (2004), the OSCE Action against Terrorism Unit (ATU), in close collaboration with other relevant international organizations, supports OSCE participating States in not only the ratification of the Universal Anti-terrorism Instruments, but specifically the ratification of the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism and the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
14. Mr. Pekka Patosaari said a few words to congratulate the Ad Hoc Expert Group for the valuable output of its meeting.
During the first half of 2014, after its findings are delivered, the Peacebuilding Support Office will consult with partners and draft the next business plan, positioning the Fund for the period 2014-2016.
(c) Recognized that, at its next session, the Group would consider whether any adjustment to the framework compilation in annex II would need to be made, in light of any outcome by the COP, at its third session, of the negotiations on the development of a protocol or another legal instrument;
A group for the monitoring and follow-up of the Action Plan has been set up under the Ministry of Labour.
The magic of her charmed the audience.
She could have thought of nothing more likely to please her brother than this praise of Maggie.
Using a broad range of policy instruments and measures, such as cross-subsidies, as well as compensation mechanisms, financial resources to meet adjustment costs - including adequate social protection floors, and correct economic signals;
The value of non-expendable property is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
To be a Mark Tapley in a London winter fog is not always possible.
The obligations of all the States parties to a treaty establishing a nuclear-weapon-free zone should be clearly defined and be legally binding, and the States parties should fully abide by such agreements.
66. HRW stated that families were punished and threatened when relatives living abroad failed to pay a 2 per cent tax on foreign income.
We're bound to find somebody. . .
Treaty Four
3.5 The failure to inform him of the charges and evidence against him and the refusal to provide him with adequate time to prepare to enter a plea and to prepare his defence also constitute a breach of article 26 of the Covenant because they place him in a position of inequality.
The Commission will have before it those reports.
Parties should build resilience and create enabling environments by:
An inter-agency task force, co-chaired by the UNICEF Executive Director, launched a United Nations report, Sport for Development and Peace: Towards Achieving the Millennium Development Goals, with the aim of promoting partnerships and programme action.
Article 46: mutual legal assistance
Violations of international law are still too frequent, means of accountability too few and the political will to ensure compliance with international law too weak.
Companies flocked from all over the world to take advantage of London 's principles-based regulation and wide investor base.
I. Results-based management information system
35. The Meeting strongly encouraged all States Parties to contribute to the funding of the ISU, in a voluntary manner, according to their financial ability, and without prejudice to the final funding model.
Torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment/ Arbitrary detention/Independence of judges and lawyers
We must decide.
Location: 600-626 Shanghai Street, Mong Kok
79. Statistical data were as a rule segregated into gender units, even though that called for supplementary information on the sex of both the perpetrators and victims of domestic violence.
This problem is aggravated by the fact that the productivity of Russian oil assets is declining rapidly.
This time around, playing dress up was never so much fun!
These are all great tips, but if you did not manage to learn these things at your mother’s knee you are most unlikely to learn them from a book.
----George H. Lonmer6.Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
If they don't like it, they can go to their state rep, right?
Cuba 42. Cuba reiterated its view that the application of universal jurisdiction should be regulated at the international level to prevent its unwarranted use in a unilateral, selective and politically motivated manner.
Providing administrative support in preparation for and during court proceedings for the Prosecutor, the defence and the Chambers to ensure efficient and smooth operation of the court proceedings; preparing the judicial calendar for court proceedings in consultation with the Chambers; maintaining archives of court records; giving effect to directives from the Chambers to the Registry during court proceedings and attending to correspondence from defence counsel, the accused, suspects and the Prosecutor concerning court proceedings and related matters; improving and strengthening procedures for the court records system to automate archiving functions and provide a launching point for loading court records not under court order for non-disclosure to the Tribunal's Internet web site; timely provision of transcripts to the parties;
5. The following three ballots thereafter shall be unrestricted and so on, until all the places are filled. Equally divided votes
There is a tendency on the part of sections to leave gender issues for the Office of the Gender Adviser to address, rather than taking on such work by themselves.
26. A series of long-term recommendations were addressed to the Government of Guinea-Bissau, the donor community and the international community, including the United Nations system.
42. The search capability on the web site has also been greatly improved, making materials easier to locate.
(g) Nazer (Chief) Muhammad Surur Ramli
The first presentation provided an overview of NAPA preparation and update in Bhutan.
accessing the data on your computer;
III. Recommendation of the First Committee
Jujube Wei elbow pork, Sichuan Cook is good at cooking the flavor of the dish.
(d) The inclusion of the issue of the realization of economic, social and cultural rights in the document entitled "A world fit for children", adopted by the General Assembly in the annex to its resolution S27/2 of 10 May 2002 during its twentyseventh special session on children, in which participating States agreed to implement the Plan of Action and to that end to consider establishing or strengthening measures such as national legislation, policies and action plans to fulfil and protect rights and to secure the wellbeing of children, and national bodies or other institutions for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child;
B. Non-conference-servicing and total requirements
an open wharf 5. to honor a claim for faulty packing 6. bring up a. You may bring up the matter at the meeting for consideration this afternoon.
Panel 4
The maternity allowance is a lump-sum payment due to families upon the birth of a child by way of contribution to the expenses incurred in connection with the birth of the child.
17. The issue of the impact on the operational activities segment of the Economic and Social Council specifically referred to in the mandate for the present report should be addressed in this light.
The third part analyzes the legal dilemma of guarantee insurance from the substantive and procedural aspects.
Rights of the child
They seem willing to pull out the stops to create jobs and raise incomes.
Officials in Pakistan and Afghanistan praised the announcement by saying they welcome a new emphasis on a broader regional approach to the situation and new plans for non-military aid
Dolly Parton grew up poor in the Great Smoky Mountain area of Tennessee.
and the chest well let down between the forelegs, forming a deep keel.
Liu He:How about placing it at the beginning?
Apparently the most famous butt in the history of sport calls for a more formal reconciliation.
155. The Commission decided:
The Saturday class talked about the houses that we drew.
I'll take care of it myself.
Many States indicated that they could adopt paragraph 1 of article 14 and article 44 without change.
The gilded, scallop - embellished plates at Serena's table exude Fall warmth, with a glamorous touch.
D. Thinking global and acting local
The Committee notes that the information in the table excludes the cost of staff at OHCHR who support policymaking organs and expert bodies and who occupy the 134 regular budget posts proposed under subprogrammes 2 and 4, as well as the related support costs, which are included under sections 2 and 28E of the regular budget.
b. Support for Girls
Token passing
Conclusion AMA and its subtypes ( special anti - M 2 ) are important sero - immunological markers for the diagnosis of PBC.
41. The achievements of the least developed countries during the First Decade for the Eradication of Poverty had not been matched by a commensurate flow of external resources and support; indeed, ODA had been declining.
Commending the efforts by the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) to coordinate and intensify the global, regional, national and local response to HIV and AIDS in all appropriate forums, and the pivotal role of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria in mobilizing and providing international assistance, including resources, to respond to HIV and AIDS,
The portal is dynamic as the content is based on transactions made by members.
5. We believe these to be common tasks for humanity and therefore call on governments and people everywhere to join us in this effort.
Article 21
Party committees at all levels must fully recognize the urgency as well as the protracted nature of the fight against corruption.They should enhance confidence, do a solid job, take a clear-cut stand and never waver in carrying on the fight in depth.
Accordingly, the European Union is committed to promoting democratization through its own cooperation programmes and in support of the United Nations.
As a result, the Committee would examine a total of nine States parties per year beginning in 2014, which would require additional meeting time.
Social integration and intergenerational solidarity issues, with a special emphasis on youth, were the topics of the expert group meeting on "Dialogue and mutual understanding across generations" convened in Doha, on 8 and 9 March 2011.
In sum, Argentina considers that action by the United Nations to combat international terrorism should be as intense as the action it has taken to combat other serious international crimes.
. If you do not have a backup e-Cert floppy disk /
To facilitate participation of NHRIs and national civil society actors willing to engage with treaty bodies. To stakeholders
Many countries have aligned their national legislation to the provisions of the Convention.
The results provide theoretical basis for the anti - sliding design of the syncline rock structure.
The luxurious rooms have air conditioning and a private bathroom, as well as coffee and tea facilities.
Recognizing the fundamental role of an independent judiciary in ensuring the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, with a view to combating impunity,
1 D-1, 3 P-5, 1 P-4, 3 P-3, 2 P-2/1, 1 GS (OL)
almost faint Whenheared this message.
In the conduct of its own foreign affairs, the Cook Islands interacts with the international community as a sovereign and independent State.
The planned consolidation of supply functions through the establishment of an integrated and consolidated warehouse for engineering, communications and information technology assets has taken place and gains realized according to plan.
(c) To increase its technical assistance, within the available voluntary resources, to countries that are deploying efforts to reduce illicit crop cultivation by, in particular, adopting alternative development programmes;
Several recent studies have pointed to the same conclusion: Children who eat dinner regularly with their parents are happier and have fewer behavior problems.
Continued access to bond markets would come at a high price.
http://www.fao.org/ag/AGP/AGPP/Pesticid/Code/Guidelines/Prevention.htm
On 13 August, the Council issued a statement to the press. It reaffirmed the Council's previous statements of 11 October 2007, 2 May 2008 and 22 May 2009; expressed serious concern at the conviction and sentencing of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi; and noted the decision by the Government of Myanmar to reduce the sentence.
Various stakeholders are being widely consulted on this.
3. Takes note of the Secretary-General's proposals for adjustments to the size, composition and deployment of UNAMSIL, as outlined in paragraphs 26 to 36 and 58 of his report of 5 September 2002 (S/2002/987), and notes the improvements in the security situation in Sierra Leone;
(a) Increased number of references to the mainstreaming of national environmental objectives in decisions, statements and position papers of Governments, international organizations, intergovernmental meetings and the governing bodies and secretariats of the multilateral environmental agreements
Perhaps the most important factor in building a kid - focused startup is the kids themselves.
Unemployment rates vary markedly depending on whether one is in the city (2000: 2.8%) or in the country (2000: 0.6% in rural communities).
Particular stress is laid on multidisciplinary aspects.
X.8 Table X.1 summarizes the jointly financed posts for ICSC approved for the biennium 2012-2013 and the Secretary-General's proposals regarding such posts for 2014-2015.
In the fall, it will yield a string of red fruits.
As in the past ECPAT will work with UNICEF on the mobilization and coordination for the preparations for the event which is expected to be attended by participants from over 180 States (2006-25 November 2008).
His delegation also fully endorsed the idea that in order to address special economic difficulties in third States more specifically and directly, IMF and the World Bank should consider establishing a special mechanism which would allow them to mobilize new and additional financial resources in order to provide, on exceptional and concessional terms, emergency financial assistance that would go above and beyond the traditional interventions on account of macroeconomic imbalances or structural adjustment programmes.
"groups, undertakings and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and ensure that neither these nor any other funds, financial assets or economic resources are made available, directly or indirectly, for such persons' benefit, by their nationals or by any persons within their territory".
It is just 11 o'clock , they have eaten lunch
Primary energy imports comprise almost half of Turkey’s chronic current-account deficit, because the country imports more than 90% of its oil and natural gas.
 The monthly deployment of military observers is shown in annex III.B.
To increase the family income throught the way of creating more employment opportunities the Fund to support the employment and Programme office to support family livelihood are implementing certain actions such as releasing low interest rate loans.
60. Member States should:
However, OIOS found that the IBM systems contract does not require a surcharge for shipping costs to New York.
Under this agenda item, the meeting will adopt the report of the meeting.
8. The Committee selected Dame Billie Miller in recognition of her outstanding work as an advocate, policymaker, agent of change and role model for policies on gender and on sexual and reproductive health, including family planning, and for her success in building global understanding and support for achieving universal access to reproductive health.
Parties that call themselves democratic are not only going along with Musharraf in this fraudulent election, but are also helping to restore the status quo.
60. Ms. Abdul Hamid (Malaysia) said that the Commission was to be congratulated on the adoption of the complete Guide to Practice on Reservations to Treaties.
60. The Chairperson drew attention to the draft decision submitted by the Bureau for inclusion, with the Committee's approval, as an annex to the report on item 118 to the plenary Assembly.
Informa
The French delegation recently reported to the Conference on the conclusions of the G-8 summit held in Evian.
Our approach is not to target the virus itself, but rather stay lymphocyte virus.
China's growing exports will definitely squeeze more jobs in the US, " Chen said."
The first global assessment (international seminar on the 1997/98 El Niño event: evaluation and projections) was co-sponsored by the Government of Ecuador, the Inter-Agency Task Force on El Niño and the Permanent Commission for the South Pacific.
[on the report of the First Committee (A/61/394)]
12. Mr. Meyer (Brazil) announced that the following countries had also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution: Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Bangladesh, Botswana, Canada, Cape Verde, Costa Rica, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mongolia, the Netherlands, Norway, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Viet Nam.
Agenda item 2
Select for each button component the corresponding method.
(b) The Centre assisted UNODC in updating the Model Strategies and Practical Measures on the Elimination of Violence against Women in the Field of Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (General Assembly resolution 52/86, annex), including a review at an intergovernmental expert group meeting in Thailand in March 2009 and a presentation on the review and update of the Model Strategies at a joint dialogue at the fifty-third session of the Commission on the Status of Women;
By +Ving, ~~ can ~~ By taking exercise, we can always stay healthy.
Summary
The child hung onto the rail like grim death.
112. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs provided the Office of the Ombudsman of Colombia with support to develop activities for the benefit of vulnerable communities and communities affected by gross violations of humanitarian law.
Issues related to the rules and regulations governing staffing and procurement should be addressed in informal consultations.
A reminder to the complainant for comments is to be prepared.
In my opinion, success means achieving brilliant results in ones work, that is, making outstanding contributions to the development of the country and bringing happiness to the people
Topolnitsa Reservoir
What's this? are we going on vacation? are we?
The international community needed to reinforce its support for landlocked developing countries, as it had agreed to do at the thematic meetings held in Burkina Faso and Mongolia earlier in the year.
There are two in third chinese amoung the five hundred experts who attending he international proseminar..
Reduced requirements were offset in part by additional expenditures owing to a 42.9 per cent increase in the price of diesel fuel from the budgeted rate of $0.70 per litre to the actual average cost of $1.0 per litre.
Please open you eyes and try to understand the root cause of Tibet'sproblem!
CONTINGENCIES Conference services
Then said his disciples, Lord, if he sleep, he shall do well.
Sr Geo Engr / Project Mgt 2
France specified that State expenditure and revenue estimates were presented annually to the Parliament and published, while updates on the implementation of the budget were published on the Internet every month.
Rather, we recommend that government institutions can and should design inclusive policies and programs which take advantage of, support, harmonize and monitor the performance of all the actors in the health care sector, particularly the non-profit ones.
But in making such secrets known, he crossed paths with an evil ogre named Mulgarath.
Shuili River
In that regard, it was important to ensure that the right to political asylum was not abused and that national measures were instituted with a view to effective implementation of the United Nations Convention on Corruption.
E. Consideration of and action on draft proposals 96 - 185 96
 We have drawn regular attention to the unequal terms of trade, protectionist barriers and a disastrous global pricing system that does not pay us adequately for the fruits of our labour, whether we produce coffee, cocoa or copper.
Also Judah kept not the commandments of the LORD their God but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made
In this regard, members of working age households are given an opportunity to link to specific State agencies that provide the services, as they relate to entrepreneurship, skills development training, and literacy.
The Ministry of Health has also been encouraging the development of health of the Roma by inviting tenders.
: M: Why do people work for city governments F: People work for city governments because they get a good pension when they retire
Well, I say I'm sorry, and well, I am sorry.
There was support for all those suggestions.
She got the job because she was better qualified than the others.
He shot the man to the left of Bejski, the man to the right ofhim.
There the local people are vigorously setting about the task of planting trees to reclaim the land and make it fertile.
 Thus, starting from the second week of January 1992, whole families began to cross over.
Proposal from Belarus to prepare for implementation of the amendment to Annex B to the Kyoto Protocol (decision 10/CMP.2) prior to its entry into force;
obligations of their author; Statements purporting to discharge an obligation by equivalent means)
The European and local elections due to take place on June 4 th will provide some clues.
out: Henry Roth We will freak out if you do not appear yet
Regionalization of Potential Land Use in Jiangsu Province Under Eco-economic Approach
The programme is open to secondary school pupils during the school holidays, as well as on Wednesdays and Saturdays during the school term.
They promptly picked the ball up and went on with their game
Permanent Representative of Uzbekistan to the United Nations
Couto de Magalhães
[44] The Kimberley Process Working Group of Diamond Experts agreed to conduct this investigation during the Kimberley Process intersessional meeting in Namibia in May 2009.
CEDAW/C/LUX/5
(c) Wada'ah
That's easy, said the first, I think they're black and white, like the cloth they call pepper and salt.
Informals Item 4: Trade and development implications of financial services
On this centenary, we celebrate the significant progress that has been achieved through determined advocacy, practical action and enlightened policy making.
Lawlessness is a highly contagious virus, and it spreads far and wide at great speed. Nor do its destructive consequences recognize boundaries.
They are an important milestone in our attempts to ensure better delivery of protection and assistance to refugee women and children.
Curiously, some rich businessmen belong here, too, having benefited enormously from the political stasis of the last decades.
Monk, also known as Ling, wonton Ling.
The Committee recommends that the State party ensure that members of special intervention groups display appropriate identification at all times when in contact with prisoners to prevent ill-treatment and provide for accountability. Adequate compensation
Article 31 Employees of recipients who abuse their powers, neglect their duties, or fail to act impartially and commit irregularities, resulting in a major loss of donated goods will be dealt with according to the regulations of the work unit.
The scientists monitored the patients' blood pressure, release of harmful hormones and other measurables that characterize heart failure.
I think he's trying to say something to us. Here.
United Nations
4. Requests that the Secretary-General provide a report on the situation in the Western Sahara before the end of the mandate period and requests the Secretary-General's Personal Envoy to provide a briefing, within three months of the adoption of the resolution, on the progress of his efforts;
An old man nearby said, "Let me teach you how to divide equally your father's fortune
(a) To establish an intergovernmental working group, with the following mandate:
The tension is building up.
| A discovery made by a kung fu obsessed American teen sends him on an adventure to China, where he joins up with a band of martial arts warriors in order to free the imprisoned Monkey King
Recently, the IADB had established a programme to fund information and communication technology for social purposes (the "Tech Fund").
A total of 23 completed questionnaires were returned to the organizers, of which 17 (74 per cent) were from participants who had received financial support from the co-sponsors and 6 (26 per cent) were from self-funded participants.
The Committee held 14 meetings.
The election of President Suleiman was an important, positive step, as was the adoption of a law paving the way for elections in 2009.
First, let agriculture accumulate more for itself, for only then can it accumulate more for industry.
The back and forth reflected the challenges Japan faces in going forward in the talks, a difficulty Obama discussed openly during a meeting with business leaders here.
The results of both the expert group meeting and the assessment missions will form the basis for the development of technical assistance activities to support small and medium-sized businesses in protecting themselves more effectively against requests for bribes and preventing corrupt practices in their operations.
She was in a mood this morning.
171. The Working Group wishes to express its hope that the Government and the relatives will take steps to clarify the outstanding cases and, if applicable, implement the provisions of article 19 of the Declaration, which entitles the victims and relatives to compensation.
The fire burnt the grass quickly.
28. In 2001, Georgia's foreign debt as a proportion of gross domestic product had grown to 43 per cent, and the Government's debt servicing obligations had amounted to 15 per cent of total revenue; representing critical resources which could otherwise be spent on reducing poverty, providing social safety nets and investing in development.
She also wished to know whether the Government had instituted any programmes of legal literacy or legal awareness of human rights, whether for the general public or for officials and judges, in order to make the enforcement process more effective.
When did you  find  out about Charlie's engagement?
"5. Emphasizes that, in order to set the right environment for fair and sustainable industrial development, the international community and the private sector should accelerate measures towards the development, transfer and diffusion of environmentally sound technologies to developing countries, in affordable terms, as appropriate;
94. Saima Sarwar's family reportedly said that they were prepared to accept her divorce and she agreed to meet her mother (but no other members of the family) in Ms. Jilani's office so that they could give her the appropriate papers.
16. Experience has shown that the growth in peacekeeping activity has not been a temporary phenomenon and that there is a continuing requirement to retain the services of the majority of mission personnel beyond the four-year limit stipulated under the appointment of limited duration.
I and II))
71. Aside from the fact that the LNP interviewed only about one third of the detainees, and the vast majority of the interviews contained irrelevant information, the interview process faced serious, additional flaws.
Take time to be thankful.
 In spite of promoting optical disc technology, JIU has only limited and insufficient access to the United Nations documents retrieval system, or that of the other participating organizations.
Ritzs team compared air pollution monitoring data from the Environmental Protection Agency with information from the California Birth Defects Monitoring Program - a statewide database on birth defects
149. Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad.
This extends into the general wage gap between males and females.
E/AC.51/2003/2
Anno Domini
Rapporteur: Mr. Diego Simancas (Mexico)
Firstly, the kernel matrix is reduced by Schmidt orthogonalization to get base vectors of the kernel matrix.
Above the bank's Canary Wharf HQ.
Seek medical attention. Eyes: First rinse with plenty of water for several minutes (remove contact lenses if easily possible), then take to doctor.
policewomen e. g. The police often help the lost children find their parents.
Meanwhile, the heads of state express concern over the immediate threat of using ICT for the following purposes: to undermine the basic principles of equality, mutual respect, non-interference in the internal affairs of sovereign states, peaceful settlement of disputes, non-use of force and respect of human rights, and to bring serious harm to individual, social and national security.
It's me. let's talk.
Estimate 2008-2009: 12 initiatives
Small island developing States need to be equipped financially, technically and technologically to adapt to global climate change and sea level rise without redirecting their limited resources from sustainable development.
A recorded vote was taken.
1. Recalls the Constitution of the Territory, which took effect in 2006, and notes the view of the territorial Government that there remains scope for a degree of delegation of the Governor's power to the Territory so as to secure greater autonomy;
You flip and you flop under the Big White Top where the long-legged ring mistress stars and stops.
Page
Draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.43: Respect for the right to universal freedom of travel and the vital importance of family reunification
32. Conceptual explorations of the role of women's political participation in strengthening conflict resolution and peacebuilding processes, as well as the impact of conflict and insecurity on cross-border migration strengthened synergies with other thematic areas dealt with by the Institute.
At the same instant my mother, alarmed by the cries and fighting, came running downstairs to help me.
 Staff had been designated to deal with classification policy and appeals, while the Organizational Manual would be handled at a lower level.
The least developed countries needed to make massive investments in infrastructure, build their productive capacities and increase outlays on human development.
13 See A/59/826, para. 16.
3. Constitutional authorities
 We must promote concrete initiatives to alleviate this serious problem, and allow those States to overcome the harsh effects now confronting them.
The Bermuda tale involves an island suffering from an unhealthy, ad hoc, artificial ecosystem.
That constituted interference in the internal affairs of other States and an infringement of international law, and demonstrated the need to establish a new world information and communication order.
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
With the world changing so fast, to cease learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind.
retaining flange in only one correct angular position.
Fund and promote economic self-sufficiency programs.
II. Promoting Prosecutorial Best Practice: Imposing Quality Standards
(viii) Act against the impunity of those responsible for the violence and violations by means of effective remedies at the national and local levels;
There is need for a monitoring process to scrutinise the situation in the Great Lakes region to ensure that those exploitation activities are significantly curbed.
Research has shown striking improvements in many types of memory tasks when people are asked to visualize the items to be remembered.
· Establish an institute for public administration with three branches in the south, centre and north to train government employees at all levels and members of the legislative councils in the governorates;
Net S
Table 9 Employed population by sector, 2005
But more remarkable has been the proliferation of state-funded channels – many of them with a global reach – in an era generally inimical to large-scale investment in public companies.
7 June-2 July 2010
The United States remains the largest single contributor to the TCF, contributing more than one-quarter of the Fund's total since the 2010 Review Conference.
A. By the Kinshasa Government
The United Nations cannot remain just some sort of a debate club that fails to provide working solutions.
65. For example, women accounted for 70 per cent of the world's 2 billion poor and two thirds of the more than 860 million illiterate adults. It was estimated that about twice as many girls as boys, more than 81 million, did not have access to primary education.
(e) To encourage the involvement of the Non-Self-Governing Territories in the dissemination of information on decolonization;
26. Peacekeeping operations needed stable financial foundations; his delegation therefore reiterated the need for Member States to pay their contributions in full and on time.
Hagrid, you live in a wooden house, she said.
 (4) The Special Committee reaffirms that it is ultimately for the people of the Turks and Caicos Islands themselves to determine freely their future political status.
If the person answering the call is too lackadaisical, unenthusiastic or indifferent, they may hang up and take their business someplace else
Consequently, the average vacancy rates of 26 and 25 per cent for the reporting period were higher than the vacancy factors of 15 and 10 per cent for international and local staff, respectively, which were applied to the budget.
Chair:
There was general agreement that ways to strengthen the Coordinating Unit for Operational Activities should be exploited in order to facilitate its work in terms of selection, prioritization and evaluation of its activities.
In addition, it is reviewed by the Investment Management Division as part of its weekly investment rebalancing meetings.
Another primary reason is that there seem to be too many private cars and not enough public buses.115.
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2002/19.
200s establishments
For behold, they are putting the twig to their nose. "Therefore, I indeed will deal in wrath
42. Unfortunately, it had not been possible to achieve consensus on paragraph 9, although the formulation submitted was identical to one adopted by consensus at the sixtieth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
Requests the Group to report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session on the progress of its work, if its work is not completed by that time;
Cuba
The Secretary-General of the United Nations made a statement.
Agenda item 58
'The mistakes he made were on the operational side by not reducing costs and increasing efficiency' fast enough, suggested Dona E. Roche-Tarry, a London-based technology recruiter for CTPartners, a U.S. search firm.The board is also looking for a leader more engaged in discussions, say people familiar with the matter
Don't you think memorizing conversations is a part of learning vocabulary?
(c) Designation of non-governmental organizations for the purposes of rule 77 of the Rules of Procedure of the Trade and Development Board
The Office of the Prosecutor must have an expert analyst whose expertise and responsibility it is to ensure that all relevant facts are before the Office before it forms a position on the ability and willingness of the national judiciary to genuinely investigate and prosecute.
Regarding the ethnic cultural characteristics of my hometown-Sichuan and protective measures to the environment of it.
The last month or more of ninth-grade physics introduces atoms, invisible to the naked eye but with strong indirect support.
Bearing in mind the general principles governing the international trading system and trade policies for development contained in relevant resolutions, rules and provisions of the United Nations and the World Trade Organization,
No power equipment and technology declared obsolete by formal decreeof the State shall be used for power construction projects.
III. METHODOLOGY 5 - 10 4
20. UNOMIG and the CIS peacekeeping force continued to work in close cooperation, in particular in conducting the joint patrols to the Kodori Valley, and maintained good relations at all levels.
THE scientific study of AIDS has dropped out of the headlines over the past year or two.
In-house Contractuala Off-sitea (New York and Vienna)
no, you won't succeed. i'll stop you.
(c) United Nations regional centres for peace and disarmament
1. Welcomes the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 59/113 of 10 December 2004 of the World Programme for Human Rights Education, structured in consecutive phases, which began on 1 January 2005, and stresses that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization should continue their work in the field of human rights education;
For example, in the report of the Advisory Committee on support account requirements for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 (A/51/906), the Committee commented that, for the most part, the budget submission did not contain workload statistics in support of the proposed staffing structure and that the mere provision of raw data without a qualitative analysis was of minimum utility.
We also share the views presented by the delegation of the Netherlands on behalf of a number of like-minded States, including my own.
I temporary emergency, you may later go, you have a few numbers Serene Hotel box?
(k) "Use allowed" means any use by a Party of mercury or mercury compounds consistent with this Convention, including, but not limited to, uses consistent with Articles 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7. Article 3 Mercury supply sources and trade
You are not god damn digging into my father right now.
An elite family ruled effectively and the citizens were quite happy to have such elegant, although sometimes elusive, rulers
An environmental approach to the management of the Golf Course is envisaged from construction through to ongoing maintenance!
The US can therefore impose a much larger burden on Chinese exporters than the Chinese can impose on US exporters.
 50. There were some suggestions at the beginning of the operation of CERF that the regulations were not conducive to quick action and were not in conformity with the financial regulations of operational organizations.
5585 (12 December 2006); 5715 (11 July 2007)
In my experience, many employers agreed to hire interns because there is very strong mutual advantage to both the worker and the employer.
What a real revolution it would be if the Western democracies did indeed begin to frame their foreign policies with human rights and democratic processes as their benchmark.
The country is torn By warlords.
The Conference also calls upon States parties to establish and enforce effective domestic controls to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons in accordance with their relevant international legal obligations.
Informal "informals", convened by the Facilitator, Mr. Félix Mbayu (Cameroon), on the draft resolution on agenda item 84 (Follow up to and implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development), will be held today, 30 November 2004, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
I want to express my sincere appreciation to the Economic and Social Council for showing confidence in me by renewing my mandate for a second period. I also would like to thank all those Governments that have contributed financially to this project, including the Government of Sweden, which has provided me with office resources throughout the entire exercise.
Costa Rica is a country which has historically stood out for its respect for human rights through concrete actions.
(a) Increased participation of States in and effective implementation and application of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and the related implementing agreements
Outsourcing practices
Party delegations do not need to present credentials because the CRIC and the CST are subsidiary bodies of the COP.
Rwanda (27 August 1998)
The digital three-dimensional model which including more abundant information than the two-dimensional model is closer to people's daily living space.
18. Requests the Member States acting through or in cooperation with the organization referred to in annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement to continue to report to the Council, through the appropriate channels and at least at monthly intervals;
62. Report of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 (Security Council resolution 955 (1994) of 8 November 1994 and General Assembly decision 55/412 of 20 November 2000).
The result that they have the same status as their native counterparts. the result1) Raising of their status
52. Strengthening of the United Nations system (P.53).
Readability
By the end of 2000, the Force had developed over 90 information technology applications and installed 10 000 computers.
we're in the clear on this.
Did you weep for the children who lost their dear loved ones and pray for the ones who don't know?
Other LDPs have a specific emphasis on local environmental governance, drawing on the wide-ranging experience of UNCDF in the Sahel region.
Part I: Main Activities
Alternative budgets can be prepared, inter alia, by the legislative branch (the case of the United States Congress), in which case it is called a legislative alternative budget, or by civil society;
(30) The Committee recommends that the State party submit its tenth and eleventh periodic reports in a single document no later than 30 March 2012, taking into account the guidelines for the preparation of reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination adopted at the Committee's seventy-first session (CERD/C/2007/1), and to discuss in that document all the issues raised in the present concluding observations.
8. Ms. Klopčič (Slovenia) said that Turkey had joined the sponsors.
80. The allegations made by the representative of Ukraine against the Russian Federation were inadmissible and demonstrated a lack of understanding of -- or a deliberate decision to ignore -- the essence of terrorism.
Artillery bombardments, shooting and placement of installations inside Lebanese territory
87. The main communicable and non-communicable diseases are malaria, respiratory infections, helminth infections, diarrhoeal diseases, skin diseases, genito-urinary diseases, sexually transmitted infections, injuries, anaemia, eye infections and malnutrition.
21. Stresses the need to ensure that all United Nations staff members receive adequate security training, including physical and psychological training, prior to their deployment to the field, the need to attach a high priority to the improvement of stress and trauma counselling services available to United Nations staff members, including through the implementation of a comprehensive security and stress and trauma management training, support and assistance programme for United Nations staff throughout the system, before, during and after missions, and the need to make available to the Secretary-General the means for that purpose;
Associated with the instance are the configuration components of virtual CPUs, memory, and local (ephemeral) storage.
Entry into force in the domestic legal order on 3 September 1981.
68. Parliamentary oversight committees, ad hoc parliamentary inquiry committees, royal commissions, etc. should have far-reaching investigative powers, access to the archives and registers, premises, and installations of the executive and the agency, in order to fulfil their domestic oversight function.
For a of cylindrical plastic product, it designed one of pin - point gate mould with simple structure.
A State or an international organization may not invoke the fact that a reservation has been formulated in violation of a provision of the internal law of that State or the rules of that organization regarding competence and the procedure for formulating reservations as invalidating the reservation.
Vesyegonsky District
Hydrogen is an ideal energy due to its high conversion efficiency, recyclability and nonpolluting nature.
The Advisory Committee noted the efforts made to improve the presentation and content of the budget proposals and encouraged the Secretary-General to make further improvements in that regard.
This additional expertise will be even more critical after the passage of pending security legislation, which envisages that both the National Bureau of Investigation and the Drug Enforcement Agency will be subsumed into the Liberia National Police.
Who are you going to invite for the lecture?
Some analysts say that we have less leisure time now than in Feudal Society.
 Studies in Progress
6. The Pakistani delegation believed it was desirable to have a degree of flexibility in reallocating resources on a needs basis.
262. In 2006, 2,045 local minority self-governments were elected: 200 more than four years ago.
The National Population Policy of 14 October 1998 (revised in 2004);
We congratulate Ambassador Zahir Tanin, the Permanent Representative of Afghanistan, for presiding over the informal consultations during the sixty-third and sixty-fourth sessions of the General Assembly.
Ethnography conceals all kinds of confusion within itself, through adhering to what it gathers as if it were natural.
Avoid smoking (active and passive smoking; risk increased up to 3 times that of non-smoker)
509. Most of the residential institutions -- 63 -- are under the subordination of the Ministry of Education and Youth.
L'UFER provides information and training on matters related to human rights, in particular efforts to combat all forms of racism. 3.1.
Information networks now blanket our planet, collecting and transferring immense amounts of data in real time.
(c) The reluctance of the Government of Turkmenistan to cooperate with the "Moscow mechanism" and to allow the Rapporteur on Turkmenistan of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to examine concerns arising from the events of 25 November 2002, as well as to respect its human rights commitments as a participant State of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and a member of the United Nations;
Many people think of bread, for example, as a carbohydrate food.
Setting the scene The secretariat presented:
(f) Providing substantive and policy support to the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations
2. The WHO discussion paper on draft terms of reference for the United Nations Inter-Agency Task Force on the Prevention and Control of Non-communicable Diseases, including a division of tasks and responsibilities for United Nations organizations and other international organizations (A/NCD/UNT/1/2), and a report summarizing the outcomes of the first meeting of the Task Force (A/NCD/UNT/1/INF./1) were considered by member States.
His Excellency The Honourable Tommy Thompson, Secretary of Health and Human Services of the United States
At its thirty-second meeting, the Open-ended Working Group formed a contact group to consider a draft proposal from Burkina Faso, Canada, the Comoros, Egypt, Mexico, Senegal and the United States on clean production of hydrochlorofluorocarbon-22 (HCFC-22) through byproduct emission control.
14. According to information before the Committee, the Ministry of Labour, Health and Social Affairs is currently in the process of developing a health-care strategy in which maternal health is a priority.
A further review will be conducted in 2011 with a view to ensuring effective implementation of the measures and to make further recommendations, where necessary.
I'm planning to spend time in the beautiful countryside .
We are the old machines.
UNDAF provides an opportunity to refocus development understanding of human rights to include economic and social rights, such as education and health.
Written statement in support of lifting sanctions in Iraq.
This is not only in accordance with the principle of equity, which is the basis of Second, it would be desirable to establish a focal organization where members of the international community can meet and work with those developing countries willing to enter into development compacts.
Once you have enough to pay for lifes basics think to yourself:  Happiness is contagious: find someone who is happy and stand close to them.
As early as 1970, the State Seismological Bureau, had identified the Liaoning Province as an area of high earthquake risk.
Toyokoro Station
Relating to perception by a sensory organ.
(Agenda item 10)
The new leadership of the Palestinian people had embarked on the process of rebuilding institutions and a shattered economy.
The inducement conditions of the calluses were studied.
It was only when the rout was in full swing that the PBOC recognized what was happening – the CSRC had been unable to turn the tide alone – and declared that it would step in to capitalize the market.
The report further emphasises that violence and fear of violence represent major obstacles for women's health.
So severe a defeat told sadly upon her nerves
- One family claim in the sixth instalment was erroneously awarded US$2,500.
Whatever you do, at it with all your heart.
Data points for a more general assessment of the business mix in high-growth markets are scarce, but improving.
3.1 Lessons learned and best practices analyses in the areas of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, gender and rule of law adopted as policies and procedures in mission operations
We shall now begin the general debate.
The Republic of Slovenia is also submitting answers to two Council of Europe questionnaires, namely the Council of Europe Questionnaire on Special Investigation Techniques in relation to Acts of Terrorism and the Council of Europe Questionnaire on the Protection of Witnesses and "Pentiti" in relation to Acts of Terrorism.
Many Nepalis seem ambivalent about kings in general;
46. The Subcommittee noted with satisfaction that the Secretariat had continued to enhance the International Space Information Service.
The foundation partners with the Earth Institute in the Millennium Villages Project, financing one Millennium village and donating the artemisinin-based combination therapy for the treatment of malaria to all Millennium villages.
24. Despite successive natural disasters since the mid-1990s, which had radically decreased agricultural production and had caused economic difficulty, social benefits, such as compulsory free education and universal free medical care, had been maintained at a normal level.
He makes me feel as if i know northing.
The international community reiterated its belief that human rights education can prevent discriminatory attitudes and behaviour, combat prejudices and develop appreciation for cultural diversity.
19. Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X), there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 18 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of 10,893,759 dollars, comprising the estimated staff assessment income of 8,622,350 dollars approved for the Operation, the prorated share of 1,831,867 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the support account and the prorated share of 439,542 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the United Nations Logistics Base;
:: United Nations country teams support development of (when applicable), and full implementation, of comprehensive national actions plans on violence against women that include national awareness-raising campaigns and place emphasis on strengthening knowledge of rights and availability of services and on changing gender-based stereotypical norms and attitudes that condone and perpetuate male violence against women
629. This national plan includes a sports and disabilities area which holds the Evita Games and provides training programmes.
7293rd meeting The situation in the Middle East
In any event, the environmental damage caused in producing quality bananas for the European Community over the recent decades is ignored by those whose consumerist demands engender further environmental damage.
We will play a team loss of speed, but to increase the strength and height.
So far so good. But now I find that every man before the mast knows more than I do.
Planning of public administration
12. In the light of the mandates of the ADP, the Co-Chairs identified the core objectives of the work of the contact group at the fifth part of the session, namely:
Pauline Lan
77. Furthermore, by no means all persons living in the Nepalese camps were Bhutanese citizens. Some of them, including criminal elements, were persons who had returned to Nepal.
The Award not only will be conferred on the basis of recipients' previous work but will also be considered a grant in support of the continued work of the individual or organization in carrying out the above objectives.
Recalling its decision in resolutions 54/110 of 9 December 1999, 55/158 of 12 December 2000, 56/88 of 12 December 2001 and 57/27 that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 should address, and keep on its agenda, the question of convening a high-level conference under the auspices of the United Nations to formulate a joint organized response of the international community to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations,
They got down two enemy planes.
14.Time will tell
To the degree that any child has an unequal chance in life -- in its social, political, economic, civic and cultural dimensions -- her or his rights are violated.
Workshops were conducted for 186 participants
1,200 reference responses to the Organization and Member States regarding peacekeeping archives
Country-level programme expenditure on development-related operational activities, 2010: correlation between core and non-core components
The Government of the United Arab Emirates categorically rejects the completely baseless allegations that the Islamic Republic of Iran has full sovereignty over the three Arabian Gulf islands of Lesser Tunb, Greater Tunb and Abu Musa, and that the substance of the letter dated 14 July 2014 from the Permanent Representative of the United Arab Emirates to the United Nations addressed to you (S/2014/496) constitutes interference in the internal affairs of Iran.
A. Recommendations for the guidance of contractors for the assessment of possible environmental impacts arising from exploration for polymetallic sulphides
The main points of the meeting are summarized in the following for the newspaper.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur continues to engage with the Government to secure dates for a visit in 2014.
Light for the World suggested that the phrase "subjects of law" be removed from paragraph 19.
The panel also discussed briefly other programmes such as supplier development and partnership exchanges and the Enterprise Development and Investment Promotion programme.
21. The adoption of temporary special measures taken for the sole purpose of securing de facto equality for disadvantaged or marginalized individuals or groups, as well as those subjected to discrimination is not a violation of the right to benefit from the protection of the moral and material interests of the author, provided that such measures do not perpetuate unequal or separate protection standards for different individuals or groups and are discontinued once the objectives for which they were adopted are achieved.
Subsequently, Albania, Andorra, Angola, Austria, Belgium, Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, the Congo, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Gabon, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mali, Malta, Moldova, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Senegal, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United Republic of Tanzania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The missile, named Babur, has a range of 500 kilometers , and was fired early Thursday. The launch site was not disclosed.
Fifth, we welcome the Secretary-General's comments on the fears of developing countries with respect to the implications of the Uruguay Round; the fear is that some developed countries may tend to impose protectionist measures under environmental pretexts.
Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and
:: The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights -- Decade for Human Rights Education: Human Rights Training Manual for Judges and Lawyers -- meeting in Geneva (5-9 May 1997)
Safety training of full employee.
No mention in medical certificates
37. Mr. Nowak (Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment) said that he had received full cooperation from the authorities during his recent visit to Nepal and that he fully recognized their difficult situation in having to fight Maoist insurgents.
When you see her leave, you can get busy doing those chores, or you can watch tv, have a snack, call a friend, and delay your job
His delegation therefore endorsed the recommendations of the Committee on Contributions regarding exemptions under Article 19 of the Charter.
South Africa
The American Civil War was the bloodiest conflict the world had yet known.
She had put away her mourning and she walked in no small shimmering splendor.
Strategic framework for the biennium 2014-2015
Please also provide updated information on the percentage of women in the Consultative Assembly.
A red light is the signal for a " no lift. "
"After you left early yesterday to go to your grandmother's funeral, she stopped in to see you.
Prom is stressful.
German aircraft carrier Graf Zeppelin
He could not tell if the smiles were friendly or not. He turned back to the door and decided to stand there for a moment and then go.
Discontinued cases
People studied the contradiction between subject and object of management long ago and they advanced many good suggestions and very helpful managerial approaches.
If you buy two hundred, we can give you a bulk discount.
He handed his son a beautiful wrapped gift box.
187.I guess Shanghai will become the most prosperous city in China
A/56/PV.83 and 93
Under the State party's Constitution, only the law can define criminal offences.
Unlike other drug crops such as coca bush and opium poppy, cannabis plant lends itself to diverse cultivation methods, being easily grown in varied environments.
Composition of the Secretariat: staff demographics (A/67/329)
Ch Assessor (Profits Tax)C
All interested delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of United Nations Funds and Programmes, the Specialized Agencies, non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to participate in the event.
Greece
Think oneself to be happy, take a shower warm sunshine, watch cloud fly to rosy clouds dance carefree and leisurely.
4 assessment visits to field operations to monitor and assess the performance of local committees on contracts
The president's support for more "flex-time" arrangements is designed to appeal to married women in the workplace, who often feel less pressure for extra pay than they do for extra time with their families
As of May 2012, the status of ratification of international human rights instruments is as follows:
I write with reference to my letter of 21 May 2003 (S/2003/589).
The initial decision to begin criminal proceedings normally lies with the police once they have brought a criminal charge.
To develop these skills we need to get our feet dirty plunge into the markets and have experiences.
Thank you for showing us your talent.
3. Notes with interest:
16.1 The programme is under the responsibility of the Economic Commission for Europe (ECE).
Commission on the Status of Women
He further refers to the Committee's concluding observations on Turkey to underline that torture is a major problem in Turkish prisons, and that, this notwithstanding, the concluding observations were not included in the background material on the country collected by the Appeals Board.
Andre Gagnon?
Although the Court accepted that her quality of life and life expectancy would be affected if she were returned to Uganda, it found that her removal to Uganda would not give rise to a violation of article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
" Green explains since everyone would earn the "just being there" tip, it's inevitable that portion would make up a larger percentage of smaller bills
Sixteen years later, the General Assembly established a universal and non-discriminatory register of international conventional arms transfers.
I. Introduction 3
Consul General Gao and Mayor Regalado also exchanged views on other issues of common interest.
His delegation's vote in favour of the draft resolution did not mean that it was taking sides with any specific country, but rather that it supported a fundamental principle of international law.
Be disgusted with now's self, so untruthfulness, so fragile , always have thinking of the impulsion crying , absurd impairment of the heart.
Years of heavy drinking had given Alison a florid complexion.
In the first six months of 1997, only 700 persons were employed for approximately 15 days per month in these temporary jobs.
81. Upon becoming pregnant, a woman receives intensive health care in the form of services delivered by the Ministry of Health's network of maternal and child care centres, which covers the entire country.
Vice-President and Rapporteur: Ms. Bente Angell-Hansen (Norway)
1) We must take action to keep up with new developments. .2) We must take measures to better the traffic..
16. The World Summit should give a new impetus to social policy, regardless of each country's level of development.
“Securitisation in its simplest form is a great innovation,” says Imene Rahmouni Rousseau, a senior official at the Banque de France.
Make and Meet - Magnificent Seven: Young Chinese Designers Poster Exhibition Invitational.
35. Mr. Ladan (Nigeria) said that the procedure for domesticating the Convention had been clearly spelled out in pages 3-4 of the written responses.
-Well.... -Yes. Partly
o A study on anaemia in women of reproductive age (2007).
The new tax made it necessary to mark up all the goods in the shop.
Military personnel
This is especially true for Ukraine and Azerbaijan, which are likely to be Moscow’s next targets for intimidation.
The Council stresses the importance of ensuring that such incidents can be reported safely.
The benchmark CSI 300 index plunged 8.11% to 3206.56, with banks and property developers leading the decline.
We swore we'd put a stop to all this rubbish.
Nat, where are you?
39. At the same meeting, the representative of Monaco further orally revised the draft resolution and announced that Argentina and Japan had joined in sponsoring it.
:: Launch of a national campaign, in coordination with relevant UNMISS components, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and other partners, to promote peace, unity, tolerance and inclusive dialogue and raise awareness of the UNMISS mandate, particularly with respect to the protection of civilians, and intercommunal coexistence, including the organization and conduct of 50 outreach activities, comprising dialogue/round-table discussions/panel debates, open forums and workshops
Maybe you do not know me , no matter. one see clock emotion is pop.
The new clarifying technique of the water chestnut juice was studied.
What's more, Japan is so far from China that we needn't panic so much.
He will be a useful addition to the staff of the school.
The secretariat will submit an update on the entry into force of the amendments to the list in Annex I to the Convention in document FCCC/CP/1998/13.
C1. Urban areas: trends in primary school enrolment, by sex
Some examples are the SDM information system (SDM IS), the NAMA registry, biennual reporting software and non-Annex I inventory reporting software.
Since the 1990s, the Standing National Committee on Work Conditions and Environment in the Construction Industry and the Parity Tripartite Standing Commission set up for consultation, diagnostic, technical proposal, validation, and revision of norms has encouraged the Government's dialogue with society, resulting in greater effectiveness in the implementation of the agreed instruments.
You may rub up against a lot of famous people at the party.
In your gallery, you see an image on the left, click or hover over it, and then move your eyes to the right to read about that image.
SECURITY COUNCIL 10.30 a.m.
in the second category, the static mixer with its nozzle structure as the air outlet could improve the mixing ratio between the two gases;
41. National laws may create barriers in access to effective HIV prevention interventions and commodities, such as harm reduction measures for injecting drug users.
Iran also helped to set up Sudan's fledgling arms industry, now the third-largest in Africa.
Sustainable development: Convention on Biological Diversity
Nagaya Station
I got a source in the d.a.'s office.
She had too little faith in mankind not to know that they were erring.
The existing legal framework for persons with disabilities provided for their social protection under the Constitution and, by a law passed in 2004, for their rights to education, vocational training and employment.
4. To assist the General Committee and the General Assembly in their efforts to maximize both effectiveness and efficiency, the present report contains only the draft programme of work of the plenary for the sixty-fifth session of the General Assembly.
As many investors have painfully discovered, it is perhaps harder to sell pay-television in Germany than in any other rich country.
Non-governmental organizations complemented the activities of the Ministry of Education; their role included advocacy, capacity-building, and encouraging coordination and information-sharing.
10.tired out : (extremely tired) www.rr365.com                  thoroughly, completely,               entirely(1) I have worked very hard today and am tired out.
Ms. Štiglic (Slovenia): Allow me to begin by saying that Slovenia aligns itself fully with the statement delivered yesterday by the representative of Portugal on behalf of the European Union.
It circled over the South before leaving at 2114 hours.
The global crisis should not be used as an excuse to reduce the ODA pledged by developed countries.
General Assembly
In 2013, WFP worked with United Nations organizations, local and international NGOs and community-based organizations.
14. In December 2011, OHCHR gave a presentation on the occasion of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Declaration on the Right to Development at an event organized jointly by the Australian Council for International Development and the United Nations Information Centre in Canberra.
The sponsors of the draft resolution are listed in documents A/C.1/60/L.28 and A/C.1/60/INF/2.
Participants included High-level Group member Christine Eibs Singer, Aimée Christensen and Reid Detchon of the United Nations Foundation.
40. Finally, it is important to recognize the contribution that efficient and equitable burden-sharing between debtors and creditors can make to alleviating unsustainable debt burdens.
ArmmonieAmmonia gas released by fertilizer fertilized cropland is caused a cause of air pollution.
Companies of Norway by city
4. World crime trends and responses: integration and coordination of efforts by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and by Member States in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice:
We fully support Iraq in this difficult mission.
Compared with these students, students who met or exceeded fitness standards had higher average test scores.
Name and first name: GAYE, Adboulaye
Access to credit
1. The agenda was adopted.
Bearing in mind that the Secretary-General has authority to administer the budget of the mission, as a whole, reductions may be made either in the areas identified by the Committee or in others, as the situation may warrant.
It must become part of everyday life in your business.
The DuroFlow is a cast-in heat exchanger designed to provide superior heat transfer characteristics in flow applications.
The waste gases must be vented from the forehearth sections.
Mines and on Their Destruction
1.3.3. Local communities are empowered to hold local authorities accountable for delivery of basic infrastructure and public services 1.4.1.
(f) Providing originals or certified copies of relevant documents and records, including government, bank, financial, corporate or business records;
(b) The Prosecutor has indicated that no new investigations will be undertaken by her office after the year 2003, and all investigations will be terminated by the year 2004;
The 2004-2005 biennial budgets of individual LOs ranged between US$ 0.3 (WMO New York) to US$ 4.7 million per biennium (UNHCR New York, followed by UNDP Geneva, US$ 4.4 million).
The detailed design including the realization method for the intelligent infrared remote control is given.
As of end of 2001, there had been five convictions against persons who violated RA 7658 (minimum employable age) and RA 7610 (special protection against child abuse, exploitation and discrimination), particularly on the use of children in obscene publications and indecent shows.
III. VIOLENCE IN THE FAMILY 26 - 36 9
As the main body responsible for maintaining international peace and security, the Security Council must play an essential role in this process by contributing to the implementation of the Commission's proposals.
' said the man, 'you need not go on much more about the matter; [01:28.98]I will have nothing to do with a fish that can talk: so swim away, [01:34.35]sir, as soon as you please!
Moreover, her health is good, except that she is suffering from depression.
Listens to mother saying that that day on the avenue people face her to look, looked while smiles.
15 supplementary information packages to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
 3. The coastal States alone have strategic interests in the Caspian Sea, and no claims by other States in this connection may be entertained.
Mr. Régis de Gouttes (20042006)
This is a large sum for the poorest of the developing countries and is several times larger than the amount of aid spent on energy services; but given that energy use is responsible for over three quarters of total greenhouse gas emissions, all stabilization scenarios indicate that a huge share of emissions reductions, perhaps as much as 80 per cent, will have to come from the reshaping of energy systems.
Triangular matrix
342. Efforts were also under way to enhance the balancing of work and family.
The bidder shall be solely responsible for ensuring the adequacy of stocks and material scheduling.
They agreed with the approach to the assessments and looked forward to more assessments in the run up to country programme finalization.
The Cuban people find it unacceptable that the most notorious and bloodthirsty terrorist to ever exist in this hemisphere is now free, while five Cuban youths remain cruelly and unjustly imprisoned for the sole crime of fighting terrorism.
Overfishing and capacity management
Decreto-Lei n.o 86/84/M
South Africa Breaks Out
However, on 15 December, the Executive Secretary had received a letter from the President, announcing her resignation, which would take effect from the beginning of the first joint meeting of the COP and the CMP convened during the high-level segment on 16 December.
>Limits on transfers
The Committee is, however, concerned at the lack of a mechanism to ensure effective coordination between these bodies as well as among the national, regional and local levels.
You will work all day under the sun!
The Director-General of the World Health Organization presents her compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and has the honour to transmit, in accordance with article 3, paragraphs 1 and 3 (iii), of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 as amended by the 1972 Protocol, assessments and recommendations of the World Health Organization concerning the proposed inclusion of dihydroetorphine and remifentanil in Schedule I of the Convention (see appendix).
Obviously, there is no universally applicable unified pattern.
Civil society and private sector representatives had also been involved in the formulation of the Mauritius Strategy and the Almaty and Brussels programmes.
All employees shall have meal in the canteen.
Humanitarian assistance
 For that to happen, however, we must have a strong and sincere commitment from their countries of origin.
While he welcomed the progress achieved by UNITAR with regard to consultation and coordination with other United Nations agencies, particularly the United Nations University, the Institute in general, and the New York office in particular, should be slightly more attuned to the multilingual reality of the United Nations and the economic disparity among Member States and take into account the comments and concerns expressed by the delegations of the various Member States.
1. Type of information used
The programme met all Member States' requests for access to information, responding to 2,942 reference inquiries on United Nations archives, and established a new website which allows public access to selected United Nations archives.
Clearing-house development: enable online access to information and facilities that can assist parties to implement the Convention. Proposed co-funding through all three conventions: Basel:
The programme is designed to realize our long-term energy requirements utilizing our vast thorium resources.
Investors looking to do business in Argentina have long been issued similar warnings.
Foreigners Act
And he saith to Peter: Simon, sleepest thou? couldst thou not watch one hour?
The retreat provided an opportunity for informal discussions and conversations about matters related to results-based budgeting and results-based management at the United Nations.
List of environmental impact assessments released
 c/ Including transshipments to and from peninsular Malaysia.
Kayastha
At its 859th meeting, on 8 April, the Subcommittee reconvened its Working Group on the Status and Application of the Five United Nations Treaties on Outer Space under the chairmanship of Jean-François Mayence (Belgium).
Just for today I will have a quiet half hour all by myself and relax.
We should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annexes circulated as a document of the Security Council.
We think that this shows the great importance of prevention of an arms race in outer space among the priorities of delegations to the Conference on Disarmament, the main point being the sincere desire and readiness to get down to resumption of substantive work in the Conference as soon as possible.
11 a.m. PLENARY
Informal consultations of draft resolution A/C.3/65/L.16, entitled "International cooperation against the world drug problem" (under agenda item 106) (convened by the delegation of Mexico)
The General Assembly adopted draft resolutions I and II recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/484/Add.5) (resolutions 58/214 and 58/215).
HR Administrator : You're kidding! Something as simple as that?
Session data needs to be kept, so the system cannot discard any data when running low on memory.
Gaps are identified in all countries.
Following a secretariat fact-finding mission to assess the proposed facilities, the members of the Bureau accepted the generous offer of the Government of Argentina to host COP 10 in Buenos Aires and agreed to a proposal by the Government of Argentina to change the dates by one week to 6 - 17 December 2004, taking into account the availability of La Rural exhibition centre.
For 2003, there are 19 priority countries.
It defines a web service , the operations that can be performed, and the messages that are involved.
45 SPs,
Malurus
To ease the burden, Henry joined forces with another mechanic, Jim Bishop, Even so, it was two years before they had
It would be necessary to examine the specifics of the Jamaican case and identify if and when structures of decision-making in which the investigative and adjudicative processes are not strictly separated fail to pass muster from the perspective of judicial review.
The source has pointed to the Emergency Decree of 2005, under which suspects can be detained for up to seven days without a charge and held for 30 days in detention before the case proceeds under the Criminal Procedure Act.
In the police station
And is there any way to use the MacBook Air with a cellphone network for Internet access?
At the same time, PACS is being gradually phased in three major hospitals, and the system was fully installed in the newly established Tseung Kwan O Hospital.
UNDOF continued to carry out operational mine clearance. It remained available to support the United Nations Children's Fund in activities to promote mine awareness among the civilian population.
The concept of evidentiary requirements is not well developed among police and justice officials.
Regarding the criminal liability of legal persons, the Penal Code allowed for the establishment of such liability, since article 64, paragraph 2, thereof provided that "any legal person having a civil, commercial, industrial or financial purpose on whose behalf or in whose interest the act of commission or omission that constitutes an offence has been wilfully perpetrated by its organs shall also be considered an accomplice".
Rule 42
Accordingly, the Executive Secretary will call for the election of the President.
That is more than I can engage for .
It was intended, Duncan insisted to me later, to increase his self-confidence.
A Science, Technology and Innovation Policy Review of Iran was also expected to be launched this year.
It is necessary that these initiatives take into account the intergovernmental nature of the United Nations."
Nuclear disarmament is a constant feature and a priority of Iraqi foreign policy, in line with the 2005 permanent constitution of the Republic of Iraq; the special role assigned to that question in the final document of the first special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament in 1978; and the conclusions of the International Court of Justice in its 1996 advisory opinion.
SOLAS chapter V regulations 5 (Ice Patrol service) and 6 (Ice Patrol: Management and cost) require Contracting Governments to maintain an ice patrol for the study and observation of ice conditions in the North Atlantic, with those Contracting Governments especially interested in the service agreeing to contribute to the expense involved, contributions being based on the total gross tonnage of vessels passing through the area covered by the Ice Patrol.
For this purpose the Unit will continue using its annual programme of work and related performance reports.
(b) To adopt measures to prevent violence within the family and the community, address cultural acceptance or tolerance of violence against children, including gender-related violence, and challenge harmful practices;
e. Adoption of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration joint operational plan;
I get everybody but you.
(b) Encouraging and facilitating the establishment and development of cooperatives, including taking measures aimed at enabling people living in poverty or belonging to vulnerable groups, including women, youth, persons with disabilities, older persons and indigenous peoples, to fully participate, on a voluntary basis, in cooperatives and to address their social service needs;
1324: Two Bureau meetings are scheduled for 2008 and 2011.
Fourth Illustrating use of the word frequency statistics and introducing definite quantity analysis on the technology.
With regard to the 2012 elections, the Commission called on the Government to prioritize the implementation of the recommendations facilitating the conduct of peaceful, free and fair elections.
Good results have been achieved in the field of health, such as through regularly administered vaccinations.
His delegation looked forward to that significant gap being addressed by the new United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Sunshine almost all the time makes me high.Sunshine almost always
Since our own overhead has increased somewhat in the last few months, this offer on our part is good only for a few months.
Instead, the oyster deaths were strongly linked to water quality, namely, ocean acidification.
Mr. Song: Mr. Wang, do you mean the fact that the machine is controlled by man?
Invent three broad - mindedly jumping over dyadic wrong tier of space design, life is unhurried deduction.
(c) The system-wide discussion on operational arrangements, including on recruitment and procurement processes, which I mentioned in my previous report, is close to conclusion;
Stocks and bonds are intangible property.
They've both asked her to go out with them, but Vera is playing a waiting game
Since most Russian apartment owners refuse to rent to Tajiks and other Central Asian migrants, they become instant lawbreakers .
Arbitral Tribunal Constituted Pursuant to Article 287, and in Accordance with Annex VII, of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea in the Matter of an Arbitration between: Guyana - and- Suriname
 261. The representative stated that trafficking in women and children had become a major concern for the Government, which had taken firm steps and made the law severe for such offences.
Great musical score, a great story driven action adventure a gameplay designed for mobile phones.
But no harm ever happens to him.
In 2007, the Fund approved a grant in the amount of $197,763 for a project to support the spread of good practices in generating, managing, analysing and communicating spatial information.
Throughout the past 20 years, the international community has made tremendous strides in addressing SIDS challenges to sustainable development. Regrettably, many an encouraging step forward has been offset by painful setbacks.
17. Calls upon all Member States and invites the private sector and all concerned individuals and institutions to consider increasing voluntary contributions to the Central Emergency Response Fund, and emphasizes that contributions should be additional to current commitments to humanitarian programming and not to the detriment of resources made available for international cooperation for development;
The intelligence lock company the writer works for is a small-middle business of conventional industries. The company mainly manages in the production and sales of hardware locks.
 (j) Strengthen the ability of local communities and groups with common concerns to develop their own organizations and resources and to propose policies relating to social development, including through the activities of non-governmental organizations;
Besides being wrong, your proposed action is also unwise.
Fifty-ninth session
My husband and my children have enjoyed it very much, and me too.
In this paper, we identified two microRNAs that, when removed, reduced the number of hair cells developed.
Abstaining:
64. A review by the Joint Inspection Unit of the investigations function in the United Nations system (see A/67/140 and Add.1) identified that the absence of a single point of contact for reporting fraud cases across the United Nations system means that intelligence is not shared and allegations are not consistently evaluated.
Although inputs are received from all offices, including regional offices, the compilation and amendments are all done at the headquarters level.
When you're actually speaking to someone, the desire to be accommodating is very strong, and can lead you to say yes without enough consideration.
Long-term Health Issues
UNDP Trust Fund for Somalia
---Gide Andre, French writer .G. One is never as unhappy as one thinks, nor as happy as one hopes.
The Council will consider and agree on the provisional agenda, date and venue of the twentyeighth session of the Council/Forum.
Reporting should in future comply with the MOU; however, it should be flexible enough to accommodate where appropriate:
The viewing period shall not be less than two days.
NPT/CONF.2015/PC.I/WP.11
3. Draft outcome document of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development.
Annually some 40 seminars are organized on professional and social matters at the organization's education centre in Germany, including corruption, organized crime and human trafficking, inner-city violence, youth crime, demographic change, powerlessness, repression and prevention, and police and human rights.
If you truly want to find out what your potential is, you've got to pour everything you've got into one thing at a time.
Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, the No.2 bank, is up 36% while No.1 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is up 21%.
Australia (2007), Austria (2006), Finland (2006), France* (2005), Germany (2007), Italy (2006), Japan (2007), Netherlands (2007), Norway* (2005), Sweden (2006), United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland* (2005), United States of America* (2005)
The information on this site will be regularly updated as the preparatory process unfolds.
The second working group meeting modified the original proposal to accommodate various concerns raised by the Commission and its interlocutors with respect to the recommended revised system.
I really, thought that she was the one
No Overseas Duty Visits
Travel of participants
The Co-Chairs of the OSCE Minsk Group requested that any further settlement of the occupied territories of Azerbaijan be discouraged and urged that there be no changes in the demographic structure of the region, which would make difficult any further efforts to achieve a negotiated settlement of the conflict in and around the Nagorno-Karabakh region of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
It's being in love with YOU that makes me happy.( .
submitted by Argentina
I was an intern in that business last Summer.
No human endeavor or thought would be unchanged by it.
Read Cliff's Notes or MasterPlots.Get familiar with the characters and plots of most of the major works of literature. 8.
Mice fed the human equivalent of two ounces (56.7g) of walnuts per day developed fewer and smaller tumours
12. An effective United Nations requires the full and meaningful participation of all Member States to respond to the wide range of issues and concerns before it.
Hmm, how much would a room like that be?
"Did you see her at the door?
The meeting, which involved agencies from the criminal justice system and national statistical offices, proved to be a unique forum for sharing practices in the production, analysis and dissemination of statistics on crime and criminal justice, both within and between countries.
Anhui original clubhouse built for Li Hongzhang was an important gathering place Huaijun groups.
Recognizing further that poverty is an affront to human dignity,
FIRST REVIEW CONFERENCE OF THE STATES PARTIES TO THE CONVENTION
7. Expresses support for the Global Alliance’s proposal to establish an international lead poisoning prevention day of action, with an initial focus on the elimination of lead in paints, and encourages all Governments, industry and civil society organizations in all regions to organize related activities in cooperation with the Global Alliance;
12. In the 2013/14 period, UNOCI will also facilitate political dialogue and national reconciliation to consolidate post-crisis gains and establish the basis for long-term stability and economic growth.
LCQ15: Assistance to disciplined services officers being troubled with emotional problems
Court Clerk (No. 7)
in these pages you will learn everything you could want to know about internet telephony, as well as find out how you can connect yourself to other individuals who share your enthusiasm for this exciting new industry
Women tend to apologize for situations that they aren't responsible for, which demonstrates weakness, says Ms. Spence.
Mozambique
It has been over two years since Israel, the occupying Power, began its illegal, inhumane blockade on the Gaza Strip; a blockade that has brought Gaza's economy to a grinding halt and has caused the socio-economic living standards for 1.7 million Palestinian civilians to plummet.
Article 2
Under paragraphs 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12 and 17 of resolution 1737 (2006), the Security Council, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, decides to impose a range of sanctions against the Islamic Republic of Iran in the fields of finance, migration, trade, technical cooperation and teaching of disciplines which would contribute to Iran's nuclear activities.
 49. Clearly, against that backdrop, a set of absolute priorities must be established.
The report will review the innovations, their rationale and the benefits and weaknesses of the new methodologies.
7. The Millennium Declaration set an ambitious agenda for improving the human condition by 2015.
In its resolution 56/51 of 10 December 2001, the General Assembly endorsed the decision of the Committee to grant permanent observer status to SGAC.
Article 25, paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 7 (procedure for the election of members of Committee);
A. Direct administrative costs
Overall, therefore, the United States economy appears capable of sustaining non-inflationary growth of the order of 3 to 3.5 per cent per annum over the medium term.
With special emphasis on the overarching goal and principle of achieving equality, development and peace, the Declaration elaborates on the definition of gender equality and the inter-linkages among gender equality, development and peace.
Iran has a notoriously bad air security safety record.
Quenya uses an alphabet called Tengwar. It is designed to be written by pen from left to right. The full letters only indicate consonants.
In Kazakhstan, all necessary conditions will be established for the free expression of the popular will and the conducting of open, honest and fair elections, in accordance with the standards of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
The governor concluded not to call for aid from other countries.
The idea of a conflict of civilizations was firmly condemned at the conference.
Recalling the rules of international humanitarian law, including the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and the Additional Protocols thereto of 1977,
D. Promotion of space technology and geographic information systems applications for disaster risk reduction
This isn't necessarily a practically desirable behavior, but is shown here as a means of illustrating the scenario for overriding an element's normal logical tree.
(b) To update their lists of staff and dependants at the duty station;
D. Representation at the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly 538 - 539 249
No evidence was provided by the author on the other allegations, including no copy of his request to cross-examine witnesses, to contact his American counsel or to be granted time and facilities for his defence.
Lastly, he urged the Department to increase its recruitment of staff members from underrepresented and unrepresented Member States.
(a) a general description of the applicant's previous experience, knowledge, skills, technical qualifications and expertise relevant to the proposed plan of work for exploration;
The Chelsea striker has revealed he is still reeling from losing out in the race for the top-flight silverware last year and is in a determined mood ahead of the new campaign.
But who now of belief still contain nursery tale?
Letter dated 28 January 1999 (S/1999/89) from the representative of Uganda addressed to the President of the Security Council, transmitting the joint communiqué issued at the close of the meeting of the East African heads of State, held at Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania, on 22 January 1999.
Professional services providers tend to face more restrictions in terms of establishment than in ongoing operations.
As a first step, an Institutional Development Unit (IDU) and a Technical Cooperation management Unit (TCU) were established, both projects amounting to US$ 1.2 million.
And what is required for the nettle?A little soil, no care, no culture.
(b) A document indicating the reductions of anthropogenic emissions by sources [or enhancements of anthropogenic removal by sinks] achieved as set forth in paragraphs to ).
On 2 October, a group of around 20 suspected ex-Séléka elements attacked the locality of Boguila on the Batangafo-Boguila axis, reportedly killing five people and burning and looting several houses, including a medical centre.
Viet Nam
At a time when U.S. Vice president Dick Cheney was still being shuttled around to undisclosed locations, skyscrapers suddenly seemed like the most disclosed locations.
40. While the belg cropping season plays an essential role in early recovery for farmers, the meher is the main cropping season for the majority of the country.
We will maintain fixed asset investment at an appropriate scale, continue to encourage the growth of some sectors while discouraging the expansion of others, improve the investment structure and prevent breakneck growth in investment
It is of great and realistic significance to move forward the nuclear disarmament process and to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in national security policies in order to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons, enhance mutual trust and improve international security environment.
Article 15 Entry into the land and water military restricted zones by personnel, vehicles and vessels other than those belonging to the units in charge of the zones shall be prohibited.No photographing, video- taping, recording, reconnoitering, surveying, drawing or describing of the restricted zones shall be allowed, except with the approval of the military organs at or above the military area command level.
Opsariichthys
See also response to recommendation 131.32.
(c) International Strategy for Disaster Reduction (resolution 62/192);
Articles 7, 9 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provide for the right to physical and moral integrity and the right to liberty and security of the person.
Meetings of co-sponsors on a draft resolution on international cooperation against the world drug problem (under agenda item 105) (convened by the delegation of Mexico)
Snap the horizontal cable's tension point with ink line onto the structure fa ?  ade  as picture shows.
UNICEF continued its efforts to strengthen partnerships in gender equality, participating in key inter-agency forums on gender and humanitarian action.
C. Monthly expenditure pattern
Note by the secretariat
Verifiable cessation of the build-up of conventional weapons coupled with efforts to resolve other international issues, including settlement of regional conflicts
The research section has produced a number of publications to its name on the languages, population, history and culture of the First Nations.
In addition, as a capacity development initiative for UNICEF and its partners, UNICEF is finalizing a learning package on the relationship between the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
19. In follow-up to the review, the next steps will focus on implementing ICSC classification standards across the United Nations system; development of harmonized vacancy announcement formats; establishment of a single central review body for all organizations in a duty station; and development and application of standard elements that all organizations can add to their performance appraisal system.
It expressed concern about reports of high levels of domestic violence and the fact that marital rape was not criminalized.
The causes and dynamics of the crisis need to be appropriately diagnosed before an effective policy response can be identified.
Letter from the President of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 to the President of the Security Council
 The States which have not yet acceded to the Treaty as non-nuclear States declare their readiness to do so and to place their nuclear activities under International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards.
"Also concerned that women and girls have different and unequal access to and use of health resources for the prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS,
5.1 Counsel reiterates his arguments regarding the violation of article 2, paragraph 3 (a), article 25 (c) and article 14, paragraph 1, of the Covenant.
 That could be explained by delays in replying, which could amount to three months, and by the difficulties being experienced by the Organization in paying its suppliers on time.
Listen Read LearnWinter Sports have become something new that is taking China by storm in the last few years
Kings of the earth and all peoples; Princes and all judges of the earth;
 The balance struck between equitable and reasonable utilization and participation (article 5) and the obligation not to cause significant harm (article 7) is a good one, and worthy of widespread endorsement and application.
Rapporteur: Mr. Petr Havlík (Czech Republic)
Consumption Harmony Theory: The Consuming Theory Subject to the Scientific Development View
master keyThe thief must have used a master key to open the safe.
Over the years, the relationship of the United Nations to civil society has strengthened and multiplied.
A major challenge for government leaders is to ensure both that the powers of e-government allow people to develop themselves more freely in society and that ICT can be harnessed to enhance accountability.
Venezuela
19. The Vienna Declaration marked a turning point in the clarification of the role of international cooperation in the promotion and protection of human rights.
Belarus intends to establish a special State entity responsible for detecting suspicious transactions and preventing the financing of terrorism.
When he refused to comply with the order, he was arrested, refused to prove his identity, then was detained overnight in a police station and released the next day.
In short, the Western strategy for Ukraine should be to stimulate the Ukrainian economy until the May election and then negotiate a package of reforms with the government that emerges.
Luxembourg
Because of the rapid development of our business in Asia we think its necessary to open a branch at the following address.
China's college matriculation examination has such weaknesses as the invariability of its form and the overburden of its functions.
Municipality of Gornji Petrovci
This project is currently under discussion between international donors and the Ministry of Justice.
Until the child is six months old the full amount of the child-raising benefit is paid if the annual net income is lower than DM 100,000 in the case of couples and DM 75,000 in the case of single parents.
We offer no comment on these controversies here.
This technical work complements broader justice and security development and reform efforts to strengthen the rule of law.
She told her host that she would rather go home and read than join the ladies in the drawing room.
We are seeing the diversification of forms of international volunteering associated with expanded opportunities for travel, combined with more leisure time for some, as well as the growth of volunteering by diaspora communities.
Work with vendors to get costs on hardware and software, and start adding up the numbers.
Richard : Well, I know of one, but his humor is a bit juvenile!
Look straight at him when you talk.
It follows the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Human Rights Council. Information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes.
They often entertained their friends at weekends
 4. States should ensure that the United Nations and the specialized agencies, as well as all intergovernmental and interparliamentary bodies, at global and regional levels, include in their work the global and regional organizations of persons with disabilities.
I do not wish to disturb the court further, resumed Jean Valjean. I shall withdraw, since you do not arrest me.
17. Upon the proposal of the Chairperson, the Working Group agreed to hold a general debate to be followed by a preliminary reading, article by article, of the draft United Nations declaration on the right to peace prepared by the Advisory Committee.
43. Recognizes the need to formulate social development policies in an integral, articulated and participative manner, recognizing poverty as a multidimensional phenomenon, calls for interlinked public policies on this matter, and underlines the need for public policies to be included in a comprehensive development and wellbeing strategy;
Division for Sustainable Development D-WASHE
The Society participated effectively in planning for and implementation of the National AIDS Campaign during 2002 - 2003.
Yamaguchi
16. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixtieth session the item entitled "United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law".
57. The cumulative value of the 308 grants approved between 1998 and 2003 by UNF on recommendations of the UNFIP Advisory Board amounted to $570 million, of which a total of $563 million has been allocated to fund 292 projects with activities in over 121 countries, involving 35 United Nations organizations.
Among investors, though, the jitters are spreading to parts of the market that previously held up.
(f) Good knowledge in computer applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel;
At the most recent meeting of the Preparatory Conference for the establishment of the Commission held in Madang, Papua New Guinea, from 25 February to 1 March 2002, the participants agreed on criteria for application by States and entities wishing to participate in the Preparatory Conference.
785 648a
The overall breath of provision of services for emerging donor support remains limited, and more attention should be paid to intensifying the provision of policy services.
 It is regrettable that despite the strenuous efforts to register new voters made by ONUSAL, the donor countries and non-governmental organizations, the Supreme Electoral Tribunal failed to produce a more adequate electoral roll.
It was stated that, as a multidimensional phenomenon, terrorism had to be analysed in all its aspects, especially the economic and social conditions that might be conducive to it, in order to successfully eliminate it.
The Committee urges the State party to ensure respect for the necessary procedural safeguards when deporting victims of trafficking in persons, particularly when such victims are minors, and to provide them with the necessary medical, psychological and legal support.
In the measure of market concentration we shall establish quantitative standards of safe harbor rules.
To encourage regular attendance at school and to reduce dropout rates, including research, any mechanisms developed to assess the situation, and incentives provided to encourage school entrance, regular school attendance and school retention, any alternatives provided for children who are excluded from school, as well as other relevant data disaggregated by age, gender, region, urban/rural area, and social and ethnic origin.
The Programme supports the work of the Commission and the Board and assists Governments to enhance the impact of drug control efforts.
He got in for Chester
It is our strong hope that this step will be accepted by all Member States in fulfilment of their Charter obligations.
We will consider favourably all requests for visits at a time agreeable to both the Thai authorities and the Special Procedures concerned.
When a member of the Subcommittee approached him, he said he had come to examine the injured if the prosecutor asked him to.
The nations of the world have repeatedly committed to upholding an individual's right to freely adopt and change his religion or beliefs, as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Government's $800 million stimulus package and substantial international aid had enabled the West Bank to register 7 per cent growth in 2008.
France is the largest of the Rhine river.
The problem that had been hanging in the scales for several weeks was solved at yesterday's meeting.
Moreover, the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and related instruments guaranteed immunity for diplomatic agents and other State representatives in order to ensure that they were unhindered by the jurisdiction of the host State in discharging their functions.
The world service counterpart of spiritual knowledge has vast knowledge about the act of transformation and transfiguration in the choice to create a cycle of fusion out of physicality.
For the sake of greater legal certainty, his delegation would also suggest that in guidelines 2.4.1 (Form of interpretative declarations) and 2.9.5 (Form of approval, opposition and recharacterization) the word "preferably" should be removed from the phrase "should preferably be formulated in writing".
Interim report prepared by the Secretariat on the results of the Fourth United Nations Survey of Crime Trends and Operations of Criminal Justice Systems (A/CONF.169/15)
(a) Requests for assistance
(d) The strategy for troop rotation;
Open it open it.Next.Open it come on, come on.
Learn to find cheap, cool stuff.
17. In the case of exclusion from the provisional list, appeals shall normally be heard at the centre where the applicant was identified or at the centre closest to his residence, or elsewhere with the consent of the parties.
Cape Leahy
2. Notes with appreciation that a growing network of Governments, organizations, major groups and individuals around the world recognize the importance of the sustainable development of mountain regions for poverty eradication, and recognizes the global importance of mountains as the source of most of the Earth's freshwater, as repositories of rich biological diversity and other natural resources, including timber and minerals, as providers of some sources of renewable energy, as popular destinations for recreation and tourism and as areas of important cultural diversity, knowledge and heritage, all of which generate positive, unaccounted economic benefits;
Back of it all, we seem to read their thought: Lord, we do not understand why you have stayed away so long.
The commitment of is make stronger tender feelings water of dike dam.
The United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (the Earth Summit) set an ambitious agenda for environmental action.
59. Additionally, it may be necessary to establish at IMF SDR-denominated reserve accounts that would allow large reserve holders to exchange their currency reserves for SDR-denominated securities and deposits, without undesirable exchange rate effects.
(d) Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
Unlike in 2009, progress is now greatest at the lowest Professional level (P1), where women are already better represented and the number of staff is small.
Poll data released by the non-governmental Levada Center this week showed small declines in the sky-high approval ratings for Mr. Putin and President Dmitry Medvedev.
Collect comprehensive data on women's employment in all sectors and, on that basis, organize employment-generating activities for women tailored to opportunities in the labour market.
Gudrun (Thermal Baths Employee): Sometimes the girls go to the hot 11)tub to 12)gossip about boys, the boys get to look at the girls in their little clothing, for free, you know
Samia Yusuf Omar
They played a plucky game against such a powerful team like Inter Milan.
It was twice as acutely toxic as the organophosphate pesticide parathion (LD50 2 mg/kg body weight) which is banned in Jamaica and 1500 times more toxic than malathion.
Wireframes and Prototyping
Agenda items 146 and 154
Robert and Jill love each other, and are going to marry.
The Optional Protocol to ICCPR
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment ForceA/52/768 and A/52/805. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/860/Add.1.
It had been explained that, for discussion purposes, that set of documents incorporated the various texts contained in annexes I, II and III to the report of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 at its sixth session (A/57/37), for discussion, taking into account developments at the current session.
82. Aside from the reformulation of the consecration of the constitutional principle of equal opportunity between women and men, several different measures have been adopted, not only of a legislative nature, to ensure respect for the principle in regards to the right to conciliation between the professional and family lives.
Recommendation 94.25.
The author is compelled to choose between his religious duty and access to the public health-care system, a choice which most French citizens are not forced to make.
Industrial frequency traction current may interference FSK signal.
At the 58th meeting, on 26 April 2002, the Chairperson proposed a draft decision concerning the intersessional activities of the Bureau.
At Headquarters, the cooperation between UNHCR and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights has been very positive and is expanding.
The OIE has developed and published in the Terrestrial Animal Health Code international standards for conducting import risk analysis and guidelines on the methodology for risk assessments.
Its implementation will require not only a major effort on the part of all African leaders and their citizens but also a willingness on the part of the international community both to provide resources and to break with its conventional ways of addressing the challenges of development in Africa.
With regard to external resources, steps had been taken to normalize relations with donor countries, creditors and the Bretton Woods institutions.
I wish to thank the Acting President for ensuring the good functioning of this meeting.
Venezuela, 8 February 1995
Yet, the agricultural sector has suffered from decades of neglect, as pointed out in the Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific 2008.
Total female
6 Performance indicators )
Fields to consider included policy analysis, technical assistance (e.g. capacity-building in respect of negotiating agreements and designing mining codes) and sharing of experience through its intergovernmental machinery.
adolescents' appraisement of academic self and general life satisfaction is positive. 2.
27. At the programme level, UNDP is the only agency with a cross-sectoral mandate, enabling it to address the needs of the entire war-affected population, including specific target groups, such as refugees or internally displaced persons (IDPs), in the context of their communities.
Jenni Pfluger
During the reporting period, plans were made to take 6,892 trains out of service for lack of locomotives and motor coaches, meaning that some 197,000 passengers will no longer have long-distance rail service and the system will suffer losses of about $500,000.
38. In support of the process launched in Doha, immediate attention should go to strengthening and ensuring the meaningful and full participation of developing countries, especially the least developed countries, in multilateral trade negotiations.
1.i Marketing
One panellist stated that alternative development should not be made conditional to prior elimination of illicit crop cultivation, nor should a reduction be enforced until licit components of livelihood strategies had been sufficiently strengthened.
No invitation was sent.
His delegation supported the UNCTAD prescription for stricter regulation of the financial sector and for a greater focus on income growth as the basis for sustainable and balanced development worldwide.
38. The work on green growth indicators proceeds along five types of indicators: (i) the environmental efficiency of production; (ii) the environmental efficiency of consumption; (iii) the natural asset base of the economy; (iv) the environmental dimension of quality of life; and (v) society responses.
Public health
28. Decides to consider at its sixty-first session the reports of the Secretary-General, including the report on the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture, the report of the Committee against Torture and the interim report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. 64th plenary meeting
Others seek to broaden the definition of “exceptional circumstances” to permit the deficit ceiling to be breached in any year with prolonged unsatisfactory GDP growth, not just -2%.
The poet can be moved along a continuum of femininity and masculinity in poems to produce the effects or characters needed.
Recosting study (A/69/381 and A/69/640)
That is less likely if the most vulnerable sectors are already moribund.
Entities reporting on the indicators
computer modelling of the weather
Indigenous peoples and their cultures are often portrayed as obstacles to progress and their values seen as contradictory to market economies, consumption and competition.
Women in Lithuanian urban areas are constantly informed about breast cancer prevention, children's health, folk medicine, healthy nutrition, stress and mental health, harm of smoking, alcohol and drugs, personal hygiene, prevention of venereal and other communicable diseases, AIDS prevention, as well as prevention of non-communicable diseases and women's health in general.
:: Statements by the President of the Executive Board and the Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director
a General temporary assistance includes one position approved in 2012/13 for the Office of Staff Legal Assistance, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 67/241.
National staff
(a) Provide substantive support to the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and assist with the organization of inter-sessional expert panels and workshops relevant to endogenous capacity-building;
The violence in Juarez continues, despite government efforts to curb the power of the drug cartels.
In such meetings five minutes was the time allotted to each speaker; but when Martin's five minutes were up, he was in full stride, his attack upon their doctrines but half completed.
Informal informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.3/68/L.18, entitled "Strengthening the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme, in particular its technical cooperation capacity" (under agenda item 108) (convened by the delegation of Italy)
Not applicable
51. For the text of the draft resolution as adopted, see chapter I, section A, resolution 3/1.
Najafabadi, a high-ranking cleric, said Iran was the world's third biggest importer of toys and suggested this posed a threat to the personality and identity of the new generation.
61. Finally, promotion of balanced regional development as well as the elimination of illicit crop cultivation are the objectives of a major integrated area development programme being developed for one of the most underserved areas in the Bekaa Valley - Baalbek El Hermel.
With respect to security related to employment the Department of Labour under the Ministry of Labour and Social Security provided for some security related to employment through the Workmen's Compensation Act.
There is some evidence that the United Nations needs to devote more resources to coordination.
The distribution of roles was such that Government aircraft provided air support after which the militias conducted the initial ground assault.
But is it not perhaps the misuse of the consensus rule, grounded in the rule itself, that has created this problem?
Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons and collecting them
Similar to point #5, more people in the survey said they received oral sex than those who said they gave oral sex.
Women and poverty
85. Strengthening international law: rule of law and maintenance of international peace and security
But it could affect some 20% of GDP and 40% of jobs by 2030.
The Regional Assembly will be composed of 18 members, 12 of whom are to be elected under the simple majority system or firstpastthepost system in six different local regions, whilst the 6 others are to be allocated seats under a simple form of proportional representation applicable on an Islandwide basis to the registered parties having received a minimum of 10 per cent of the votes cast.
Article 2 The State promotes development of undertakings of physical culture and sports and carries out mass sports activities to improve physical fitness of the whole nation.
His Government was ready to cooperate with any other Governments and peoples to identify more effective measures to eradicate discrimination.
We are leaving most of our contact people, the boots on the ground in safe places as the beaming back and forth is tiring to them.
Life expectancy at birth was rising for both men and women at a faster pace than in other Eastern European countries.
That process of integration is the source of our hopes.
When questioned about his odd behavior, he would reply, I am searching for an honest man
Unfortunately, the relationship between natural justice and the law is sometimes tenuous, as it is in this case.
Majjhima Nikaya
Green lake was a small lake near his home .
The international regime should not, however, be directly involved in domestic enforcement.
There are no reliable empirical data on the degradation kinetics of HBCD in water.
Published at Headquarters, New York ,
(5) As was done on second reading with regard to the articles on State responsibility, the current draft only provides positive criteria of attribution.
He was accused of stealing a small boy's bicycle.
(b) Develop special strategies for women and young people, especially adolescent girls; and address the issue of male responsibility;
I wonder what it's going to is lik on Monday.
What you are doing now will undoubtedly invade the rights of others.
After years of continuous efforts, it has established the research &amp; development and production base as well as marketing service center.
The summary of significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these statements is included as notes to the financial statements.
But I tell you the New Frontier is here, whether we seek it or not.
A. Forms/Modalities of operation 38 13
She can tell me her side and... I'm going to listen.
Overview of resources
179. Physical features of interest.
Unfortunately, the Secretary-General's reports had shown how far off that goal still was.
(c) To incorporate assessments of economic, environmental and equity impacts into the approval process for all national and regional programmes and projects.
" said Morcerf.
There is support among the authorities for the view that a corporation should take the nationality of its siège social or place of domicile, tests normally employed by civil law (siège social) and common law (domicile) countries to link a corporation with a State for the purposes of the conflict of laws.
The only way for us to build a more just international system is through maximum respect for the beliefs of both sides.
Contributions increased for the second successive year to $65 million in 2013 (2012: $54 million), mainly due to continued growth in other resources.
Hedera rhombea
15. All States providing a response to the question indicated that record-keeping was required in domestic legislation.
Nevertheless, a small part of the Court site will be needed until the delivery of the Appeals Judgement in the Taylor trial in order to provide administrative and operational support to the parties and the Chambers as required; to respond to post-testimony witness protection needs and to assist in setting up the residual witness protection unit; and to meet the Security Council resolution requirement of making the Taylor trial accessible to the subregion.
All products must follow the laws of supply and demand.
Moist winds from the Indian oceans sweep north towards the Himalayas.
In the case of a shorter absence, the amount payable shall normally be that proportion of the full grant that the completed months of absence bear to one year.
The child acts like a grow-up.
Agenda item 11 (c) of the provisional agenda
The way you danced,Kherington,to me brought joy And it touched me.
You oughtn't to eat between meals; it will make you fat.
4.I'm short of cash now.
You can ask Kim if you don't believe.
(c) Coordinating activities relating to human rights;
Once again we call upon all the parties concerned to display greater flexibility in the context of the Ad Hoc Committee's work, to act responsibly and seriously and to avoid the temptation of pursuing devious policies that serve their own selfish interests.
This also has to establish a permanent contact between three municipalities in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and municipalities in Bulgaria and to institutionalize cooperation between local authorities, Members of Parliament (MPs) and NGOs in order to develop gender sensitiveness among representatives of both municipalities and women NGOs.
鈥淭hey don't have the energy, they don't have the support of the private sector and also I don't know how they will create value that will bring in enough investments to keep the economic cities financially viable, as well as being feasible to attract enough residents for them to become independent,鈥?says one banker.鈥淭hey are supposed to be cities in their own right.鈥?
The absence of inclusion policies was the most common shortcoming.
Content determines form. 6.
Government officials, representatives of RAC, NGOs and groups of persons with disabilities have participated actively in the various conferences and programmes run by the UN ESCAP on disability matters, such as High-Level Intergovernmental Meetings on the Asian Pacific Decade of Disabled Persons for 2003 - 2012 held in 2002 and 2007, meetings of the Thematic Working Group on Disability-related Concerns in 2003 and 2004, Biwako Millennium Framework for Action Towards an Inclusive, Barrier-free and Rights-based Society for Persons with Disabilities in Asia and Pacific in 2006 and Regional Workshop on Promoting Disability Data Collection through the 2010 Population and Housing Censuses in 2008.
1998 Ambassador at Large
Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly
To add holes in a card column or in a tape row that already contains holes.
From the disaster of the day, Premier Wen arrived in the area in the first time, commanded earthquake relief work in temporary tents.
Colonel AMID HUSAIN AL KUNI
Article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention is not in conflict with the provisions of article 5, paragraph 1, and articles 15 and 17 of the Turkish Law on Nationality, relating to the acquisition of citizenship, since the intent of those provisions regulating acquisition of citizenship through marriage is to prevent statelessness.
However, there are several problems in developing these tourist Commodities.
31. The Kuwaiti Constitution was not incompatible with the Convention, but each society had its own culture, traditions and values.
63. We recognize the regional efforts being made to advance the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals by 2015.
It would also cripple the country's public health care system, flooding hospitals with 200, 000 infected patients, he warned.
At the moment, he preferred not to think about the future.
These farms have been identified and will be converted - after study on a case by case basis - into agricultural development companies, which will be divided into plots and assigned to professionals and young farmers;
Working languages: Spanish, English
D3.e. Bridging the gap between schools and employers is important for smoothing the crucial transition faced by young people.
[All are invited to attend.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child is the most widely accepted human rights instrument.
6. Recognizes that the Regional Centre has an important role in the promotion and development of regional initiatives agreed upon by the countries of Latin America and the Caribbean in the field of weapons of mass destruction, in particular nuclear weapons, and conventional arms, including small arms and light weapons, as well as in the relationship between disarmament and development;
We are concerned at the general inertia existing in the entire disarmament machinery.
Chad 2007
Every email address in the input text will be replaced with its ascii equivalent.
He further urged the General Assembly to give positive consideration to the request of the CSD with respect to the participation of representatives from developing countries in the regional meetings during the implementation cycle.
Indexing of Supplement 5
Her Ministry nevertheless intended to ensure that circular No. 8478/MEN-RS, which prohibited pregnant girls from attending school, would be amended.
It is presented that a new method directly producing product silver from waste silver nitrate solutions.
Further reforming and perfecting the grain circulation system.
Second, they cooperated with one another on multiple fronts, and the countries with the strongest balance sheets bolstered investment elsewhere, crowding in private investment.
Furthermore, it underlined the desirability of increased regional cooperation among United Nations agencies.
12. To overcome the challenges inherent in mobilizing resources for the implementation of the Programme of Action, participants in the round table recommended that attention be given to the following:
45. Regional trade agreements often incorporate provisions on intellectual property rights going beyond the Agreement in Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights that affect various public policies, ranging from health to innovation.
"Man, it's money!
Candelaria, Spain
The branches were bowed  down with the weight of the snow.
45. As pointed out above, there is no single intergovernmental mechanism providing policy elaboration, coordination, governance and strategic management of humanitarian and humanitarian-related matters across the United Nations system.
Therefore, coherence among industrial, investment, enterprise development, competition and other policies is crucial.
Section 5.5.3
125.36 Recognize the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, issue an invitation to him to visit the country, and permit him to work unhindered (Austria);
Maintenance Surveyor/ICU 10
81. Globally, more teachers are being trained with UNICEF support, both in regular curriculum subjects and on issues such as health and gender.
As for foreign policy, we need a vision that radically reviews Muammar Al-Qadhafi's foreign policy, which was designed to sow fear, terrorism and blackmail in many regions of the world.
We should therefore strive to achieve a goal on "women in decision- making" in the post-2015 development agenda.
Chapter two makes a concrete analysis how the social security system protects the vulnerable groups.
Tom has milk and bread for his breakfast.
And fiscal weakness and balance-of-payments fragility have become more acute in India, Indonesia, South Africa, and Turkey.
Take off your silver spurs and help me pass the time
The fight against HIV/AIDS must be decentralized in order to foster a lasting local response within families and communities.
In the much more adverse conditions of North China, all may not have been so bad as it appeared.
Balance carried forward to 2003
102. As there are more males than females who continue and finish school, there are obviously more male youths than females looking for employment that are not being absorbed in the formal labour market which is not expanding fast enough to absorb all the school leavers.
Rule 46. Elections
Separate trust funds are set up for each donor for projects approved by the donor and the recipient country.
The man never looked at it, and the children with their mother sat rigid, nervous and unsmiling.
Source file containing the method definition, scrolled to the start of the method definition.
His delegation was nevertheless prepared to cooperate with the Special Committee.
(i) Representatives of Member States;
 The transfer of construction and logistic functions is also given as the reason for the increase in contractual personnel (see A/48/690, annex VI, para. 52).
Pesticides
Shacha River
Bulgaria
15/103. Outcome of the universal periodic review: Lao People's Democratic Republic 74
FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND REPORTS OF THE OFFICE OF THE HIGH cOMMISSIONER AND THE SECRETARY-GENERAL
While limited in nature, the initiative was designed to send a public message that the handover of weapons by armed groups is a priority for the Council and the future interim Government.
334. All human rights, including the rights to life, health and personal freedom, are protected in the Isle of Man by legislative and other provisions, and any measures taken that restrict the enjoyment of these rights, whether or not they involve the use of scientific and technical progress, infringe those provisions.
398. The Committee is concerned about the high drop-out rates among the youth of secondary school age.
Cluster II: Addressing irregular migration through coherent migration-and-development strategies
A. Have you heard that the I'm losing my manager position?
Communications
The right to notify someone on the outside about the fact of one's deprivation of liberty is an important safeguard against ill-treatment; those who might otherwise resort to ill-treatment may be deterred by the knowledge that someone outside has been notified and may be vigilant about the detained person's well-being.
Commit ourselves to improving cooperation and coordination at all levels to deal with issues related to watersheds, coasts, oceans and islands by applying integrated coastal management approaches, including by involving stakeholders;
And in his heart were hidden chords, which might have sounded far out into the world if he had been placed anywhere else than in the fishermans hut by the North Sea.One day another ship was wrecked on the coast, and among other things a chest filled with valuable flower bulbs was washed ashore.
Ji'an
(b) Stressed the need to restore, as a matter of priority, security, law and order in Somalia, through, inter alia, the implementation of its national security and stabilization plan, and called upon the international community to step up assistance in that field;
Q4: My claim is allowed by the Labour Tribunal, but my employer has not paid the wages due for work done or made the payment. I have already got a Certificate of Award from the Labour Tribunal and I am required to pay a fee when I register the certificate with the District Court. I want to know for what purpose such a fee is paid and whether I am required to pay an additional fee on application for a writ of execution (a writ of fieri facias).
ECE/HBP/120
Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Scrapie is still common in sheep, but doesn't seem to strike people.
 Forward Planning: Territorial Forecasting
There are 25 ministers and specialists to review the basic long-term and mid-term plans.
This tells your spouse that you notice who your spouse really is and do not take him or her for granted.
Mr. Ping
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
We don't expect substantial rewards
To live cooped up in a small flat with some one who was out of work, idle, and indifferent to her
Professor Sir Colin Dollery (Medicine, UK)
Bob Lee Swagger: There's going to be more shooting, more people are going to die. I didn't start it, but I mean to see it through.
(i) Contribution receivable
The "real world issues" which suggest that the Commission take on this topic at this time are coming up more and more frequently, as is demonstrated by the recent Medellin v. Texas decision of the United States Supreme Court and its analysis of the "postratification understanding" of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations.
10. Supports the long-term efforts being made by the United Nations and ECOWAS to help the parties concerned to find a solution to the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire.
54. Guinea-Bissau
III. Recommendation of the First Committee
Province of Brescia
Traditions arise from a number of civilizations, cultural, ethnic and religious influences.
46. Given that the fight to rid the world of racial discrimination and colonization had been an integral part of Indian foreign policy after independence, his Government supported national and international efforts to combat racism and shared the concern of other countries at the increase in racist incidents around the world.
The multilateral track, including the Conference on Disarmament, needs to be revived.
World Economic and Social Survey 2010 (General Assembly resolutions 118 (II) and 52/180 and Council resolution 1983/50)
The complexity of the current global economic environment has made it more important than ever to recognize and encourage the qualitative as well as the quantitative aspects of growth, integrating such concepts as inclusiveness and environmental sustainability to provide a clearer picture of what is needed and what works.
Project personnel shall be entitled, within the limits and under the terms and conditions established by the Secretary-General, to reasonable compensation in the event of loss or damage to their personal effects determined to be directly attributable to the performance of official duties on behalf of the United Nations.
The situation in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea continues to pose a serious and immediate challenge to the nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Secretariat will offer assistance if requested;
Let's repair to the pub.
We will never commercialize a lot of the things we are doing in upstream research.
A project for the environmental protection and integrated sustainable management of the Guarani aquifer is being elaborated with the support of the Global Environmental Fund, the World Bank, the Organization of American States and the universities of the four States.
No, no, no, we'll telegraph from somewhere on the road.
I. Introduction
This fittings of brother serve as the facture of Chinese ancient Jian's white scabbard, and I have explored beneficial.
Recommendation 40/39
3.9. Crime against humanity of persecution
Civilian casualties as a result of air strikes decreased 26 per cent, compared with the same three-month period in 2010, while civilian casualties from night search operations during the reporting period increased to 10 (8 killed and 2 injured), as compared with four civilian casualties (1 person killed and 3 injured) during the same period in 2010.
44. Lastly, her delegation had some reservations about draft article 10.
68. Paraguay indicated that its intervention in the dialogue did not imply a change in its position regarding the Government of Honduras.
With few resource endowments, our survival must depend exclusively on the skills of our industrial and committed people and on the God-given beauty of our natural environment.
When the young man awoke at the first light of morning, he got up and wanted to put on the donkey skin, but he could not find it.
The Mexican government has announced the country's largest cocaine seizure: 23 tons of the drug hidden on a ship that arrived from Colombia.
] A: I think studying English is boring and a waste of time. Dont you agree
The findings do not attempt to identify the individuals responsible for the commission of offences nor do they pretend to reach the standard of proof applicable in criminal trials.
Austria
The following other intergovernmental organizations were represented: Arab Industrial Development and Mining Organization (AIDMO), Communauté économique des États de l'Afrique Centrale (CEEAC), European Union (EU), Global Environment Facility (GEF), Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting (GOIC), International Center for Promotion of Enterprises (ICPE), International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB), International Institute of Refrigeration (IIR), International Organization for Migration (IOM), Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Parlamento Andino.
S-10/2, res. 61/67, res. 62/54, para. 8, and res. 63/83, para. 9
On July 11, 1990 at 12:15 a.m. Sharon woke me with the news: "We need to go to the hospital… my water just broke.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly are set out in section IV of the present report.
Implementation of EBA in peacekeeping missions and at UNLB and Headquarters
Bearing in mind the importance of following up on the implementation of the action programme adopted at the 1987 International Conference on the Relationship between Disarmament and Development,
Let' s sleep together.
6. The Union Election Commission has not officially received any complaints from political parties alleging that the authorities are exerting pressure on members of political parties and their families.
Useful information about Salvador Annexes
As at 4 April 2011, a total of 5,150 25-feet containers and 739 vehicles had been cleared from Port Sudan.
  I know I will hear what I've heard before.
 Despite numerous difficulties and lack of resources, return convoys continue to be organized regularly with essential support from UNOSOM troops.
37. Notes with satisfaction that the open informal meetings, held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Inter-Agency Meeting on Outer Space Activities and in which representatives of member States and observers in the Committee participate, provide a constructive mechanism for an active dialogue between the entities of the United Nations system and member States and observers in the Committee;
Halons Other CFCs Carbon Tetrachloride
The Study on Object-Oriented Information System of Appraisal of Real Estate Based on Spatio-temporal Dimensions;
They tell us that the future is one of immeasurable possibility.
The children were tired and lagged behind their parents.
Politicians agree, in principle, so America and the EU have been trying to reach a deal which would eliminate the need to double-test many products
The reception desk is straight ahead. After you, please.
That major crisis took place alongside a food crisis and an unprecedented financial crisis that soon turned into a deep economic crisis.
Julia Thallinger (Austria)
Furthermore, still too few UNICEF staff have the full competency profile to position UNICEF credibly in upstream policy discussions.
His Excellency Baron Divavesi Waqa, President of the Republic of Nauru, addressed the General Assembly.
The fare depends on the distance travelled.
The extent and efficiency of quality control is largely dependent on the quality of the translation received from external contractors, who must be fully engaged in order to enhance their knowledge and skills in handling the relevant subjects.
He changed banknotes for silver.
When Zi Chan received this gift, he was very grateful that his friend was so thoughtful.
4. The development of a culture of tolerance depends essentially on education, development, and the rule of law.
It takes 45 days to make. Its retail price will be
If it's a non-local company, or you are signing up for a mailing list, then they probably do need it.
He was imprisoned for committing arson
128. In its response to the Subcommittee's preliminary observations, the Office of the Attorney-General agreed with these recommendations.
Thereupon, there's fulcrum for life, poetry of life, anda boundless hope yearn towards.
Mr. Wang Yingfan
6. The High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development demonstrated the strong commitment of Member States, United Nations entities, observers, non-governmental organizations, civil society and the private sector to examining the relationship and synergies between international migration and development.
The United States and many other nations participate in PSI training exercises through which States enhance their operational capabilities, raise their awareness of steps that are necessary for successful interdiction, and establish better communications and closer relationships for effective interdiction partnerships.
The IDF started shelling the area around the village from airplanes.
The Patria Grande Programme is not about amnesty; it is a national policy and applies to nationals of States members and associated States of MERCOSUR who are in Argentina, and to those who may enter the country in the future.
Subtotal, section 2
Liu Guoliang
His anger was unreasonable, a storm in a teacup.
The rabble closed in; I was encircled; grit flew in my face like shrapnel.
I. GENERAL INFORMATION
In 2007 - 08, the Australian Government contributed over $1 billion nationally for Home and Community Care services.
198. At the 39th meeting, on 26 July, the Council adopted draft resolution I recommended by the Commission, entitled "Situation of and assistance to Palestinian women", by a recorded vote of 46 to 2, with 4 abstentions. See Council resolution 2005/43.
42. UNDP stated that about 18 per cent of Ghanaians still live under extreme poverty.
This article devotes itself to establishment of mathematical model and combination of derivative of shape function of such element type.
Budos
Mary: We all agree that Wang has been doing a good job for us making our watches, right
In some areas, the lack of vehicles contributed to smaller patrols (fewer than 15 personnel) being deployed.
7 September 2000
Only a small portion of their surface is actually contacting the cylinder wall. The ring area that does contact the cylinder wears down the roughness of the honing pattern on the cylinder walls.
Valuation Surveyor (Office) Leasing 3
It is indeed hard to find much to like in Mr King.
Flag Days in 2006-07 Open for Application
90. The aim of this project is to improve a traditional production system based on flood recession farming.
EUTELSAT W2A satellite
As the pursuit of the return of capital investment, economists including investment as possible in order to obtain or an uncertain future value of the sacrifices made to determine the present value.
Technological innovation, access to technology, cooperation, capacity-building and sharing of best practice could foster sustainable agriculture.
The lioness secreted her cubs in the tall grass.
Acknowledging the universality, indivisibility, interdependence and interrelatedness of human rights, including the right to development, which entitles every human person and all peoples to participate in, contribute to and enjoy economic, social, cultural and political development in which all human rights and fundamental freedoms can be fully realized,
Security Council resolutions
Thematic focus: Early warning.
The Tekes global network facilitates Finnish companies, universities and research institutes to collaborate with world-class technology companies, universities and research organisations overseas. It is now actively building partnerships with RD financiers in Europe, Asia and North America.
I also had Joel's Social Security number, the keys to the kingdom.
His military training desensitized him.
93. Under the Committee's rules of procedure, the Committee will normally decide on the admissibility and merits of a communication together.
It also reaffirmed its own commitment to maintain its humanitarian and economic assistance to the Palestinian people through the PEGASE financing mechanism .
PART-TIME DAY
Mr. Malik wanted to send UNPOL officers with Colonel Reis to meet with Brigadier General Ruak. Colonel Reis refused, believing that the presence of more police officers wearing blue shirts would aggravate the situation.
Translated Description : Investment policy IKEA: IKEA Arts Cross - stitch embroidery manufacturers country looking for agents!
22. Lastly, with regard to chapter VII of the report, his delegation believed that only States directly injured by a wrongful act should have the right to react and even then they should have to prove that they had suffered harm.
Maple momentum in young singers as rainbow, far ahead in the popularity list.
4. As noted by the CHR, the Constitution of Botswana contains a list of issues (in section 15(4)(c)) which operate as claw-back provisions to the provision (in section 15(1)), which guarantees that no law shall make any provision that is discriminatory either of itself or in its effect.
Keeping your body in shape is beneficial to mental health.
He advised that, rather than try to compete in R&D with developed countries, the region should focus on building the capacity to successfully transfer technologies to meet local needs and to concentrate on developing expertise on issues and challenges most relevant to the country or region.
Gwangan station
Sponged clean, their glazes shone as as the day they were fired.
148. The ban on cocoa exports has had a severe impact on the country’s cocoa exports: an estimated 400,000 tons of cocoa (over 30 per cent of total production) had been blocked from export by mid-February 2011.
49. The Special Rapporteur supports this Security Council resolution, adopted on the joint initiative of Greece and France, and would encourage States to give renewed attention to the fact that the media, its personnel and its equipment as long as they are not making an effective contribution to military action cannot be considered a legitimate target and attacks against them are illegal under international humanitarian law.
Every recession is unhappy in its own way, and it's impossible to say how this one will unfold.
Renaissance architects
So what was the old “exchange rate” for sex, and how has it changed?
The implementation of these programs started in the 2002/2003 school year in grade VII, one hour per week, while grade VIII was supposed to be included in the school year 2003/2004.
Average time between registration and final decision on the case:
San Marino
In addition to this follow-up activity, the disability programme also arranged various training activities throughout the past year, such as capacity-building sessions in physiotherapy, speech therapy and special education.
The rival three-region federal state initiative, led by the former Speaker of the Transitional Federal Parliament, Sharif Hassan Sheikh Adan, elected his half-brother, Mohamed Haji Abdinur, as "President" on 26 March.
[see chap. III, para. 62]
24. Security services
2. The Secretary-General shall be authorized to transfer credits between sections of the budget with the concurrence of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
16. CEDAW remained concerned at the absence in domestic legislation of a specific definition of discrimination against women in accordance with article 1 of the Convention.
On May 22, a senior vice-president of Toshiba rushed to Beijing for a meeting with China's media.
The criminal police power is important constituent of the state power.
Year
Mr. VALLE FONROUGE (Argentina) (translated from Spanish): Mr. President, allow me to express our appreciation for your work and to assure you of my country's support in working to attain your goals.
Instant activation of free sites.
:: 6 meetings on human rights and gender issues with subregional partners, including United Nations agencies, ECOWAS, civil society, international organizations and Governments
In 1999 Vanuatu paid tribute to her brilliant career and honoured her commitment and service in sport for her country by awarding her the nation's Medal of Honour.
That may be a good debating tactic, but it leads to mental paralysis: when everything matters, nothing matters.
 Deficiencies in project planning and implementation had also been noted in UNHHSF and UNU.
The Ninth Meeting of States parties to the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
80.It sounds like you enjoyed it
The commanding officer expected  unquestioning  obedience from his men.
6) Type-87 gun-side ammunition vehicle
These include: (a) creating a better environment for higher levels of and better targeted investment in the social sectors; (b) mainstreaming and integrating population, environmental, scientific and technological and agricultural concerns into national development planning and poverty reduction frameworks and policies; (c) enhancing Africa's international competitiveness in trade and finance; (d) promoting regional cooperation and integration as a step towards integration into the global economy; (e) promoting good governance; (f) developing and strengthening Africa's capacity to tap into the global system of information and knowledge and adapting it to solve its development problems; (g) promoting gender equality; and (h) working towards complementing and enhancing the work of other organizations.
His hands on her hair, for instance.
Other examples include the declaration by the Government of Spain, reflected in the Agreement of the Spanish Council of Ministers of 13 November 1998 and referred to in the previous report, in which Spain decided to provide emergency assistance to mitigate the damage caused by Hurricane Mitch in Central America, and the declaration made by the Government of Tunisia on the occasion of a visit by the Prime Minister of France, Raymond Barre, on 26 October 1980, in which Tunisia announced its determination to unfreeze, within a relatively short time, the French funds retained after Tunisia gained its independence in 1956.
At the 6004th meeting, the Council, under rule 37 of its provisional rules of procedure, invited the representative of Côte d'Ivoire, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
Objective of the Organization: to minimize the impact of harmful substances and hazardous waste on the environment and human beings
Introduced condition to maintain the principle of the content of system, essential condition and advance gradually.
Chapter 20 6915 (5 February 2013); 6924 (22 February 2013); 6963 (9 May 2013); 6968 (22 May 2013)
The Commission considered that the method of quantifying benefits for NPOs merited review at a future session.
9. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author with an effective remedy, including compensation if the property in question cannot be returned.
The Conference was held pursuant to the recommendations of the Bamako Declaration and its strategic framework, which were adopted on 4 December 2011 by the Regional Conference on Impunity, Justice and Human Rights held in Mali.
It'says Britain and France made war inevitable by signing the Munich agreement.
53. Since the adoption of the Mauritius Strategy in 2005, the Ministers of Agriculture of the Pacific and Caribbean and the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Heads of Government have endorsed the expansion of the Regional Programmes of Food Security in small island developing States.
In 2003, the American Public Health Association called for a ban on contained animal feeding operations.
Quantification of such interactions was difficult , due to because of the many unknown factors.
Focus on gender roles in kindergardens;
Gender-Sensitive Training
The bilateral process is threatened by Nepal's current position, which would mean going back on all of the agreements reached between the two Governments and undoing all that has been achieved in the past 13 years.
II. Recent political and security developments in Timor-Leste
7. The three decades since the Buenos Aires Conference have seen a clear if uneven progression.
The final evaluation was completed, and a candidate was recommended in November 2009, subject to the approval of the Central Review Committee
Warm working process provides quality guarantee for warm rolling of steel plate and warm calibration round of shell , therefore it is good for spread in boiler industry.
85. Remarkable progress was also made in reducing measles mortality.
Yet these institutional arrangements have failed to bring about implementation of the SRAPs in all but one subregion (North-east Asia).
A 51 - year -  old  woman delivered twin daughters recently in Fushun of Liaoning Province.
General, 2004
Public spending on health as a percentage of GDP
His counsel before the Committee was acting pro bono in respect of those proceedings only.
As for the debt burden, existing complex mechanisms such as the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative provided partial solutions, but consideration should be given to debt cancellation.
The city of 6.5 million, capital of southern Karnataka state, is the latest to drop a colonial name British rulers found easier to pronounce than the original. The financial centre of Bombay has become Mumbai, the southern city of Madras is now Chennai, and Calcutta is Kolkata
The Kuwaiti claimant explained that he had no documents issued prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait because they had been lost or destroyed during the invasion and occupation.
116. Training and research (P.116).
The social isolation of internally displaced older persons during times of social conflict and emergency situations should also be addressed;
Shuanglong copper-bearing porphyry is highly hydromuscovitized illitized and silicified.
The purpose of these policies is to democratize the management of public affairs, adapt the tasks and the organization of the State to the need to foster local initiatives and establish a framework for development and spatial organization in keeping with the skills which are transferred to local communities.
Actions for the improvement of working conditions concerning the health and safety of workers are taken following wide social dialogue established by law or otherwise at all levels, and always with the participation of workers' and employers' representatives.
Procedures for immunization, malaria and HIV
2.1.1 Absorption route - May be absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract.
Recalling Council resolution 6/10 of 28 September 2007, in which the Council requested the Human Rights Council Advisory Committee to prepare a draft Declaration on Human Rights Education and Training, to be presented to the Council for its consideration,
13. Urges all States, including States in the region, to criminalize piracy under their domestic law, emphasizing the importance of criminalizing incitement, facilitation, conspiracy and attempts to commit acts of piracy;
7:10 For he was yet in the loins of his father, when Melchisedec met him
You know, we can't kill them.
Commission on the Status of Women
My writing is not as good as his writing.
121. Mr. O'Flaherty noted that the language of the current Canadian proposal could imply selective prosecution, to which the Committee would also object.
Financial reserve, end of period
 United Nations programmes could complement other initiatives already in place and should be expanded in those fields where collective action is required, such as in comprehensive reconstruction and rehabilitation of war-ravaged areas.
8. The Constitution of Finland recognizes the right of the indigenous Sami, in addition to Roma and other groups, to maintain and develop their own languages and cultures.
The Doha Round should be concluded in order to open access to new markets for developing countries.
(a) All countries should have the opportunity to use the techniques resulting from medical studies in space;
Paper is made of wood and it will scratch your lenses.
Regarding the question of disappeared persons, which was the subject of a specific recommendation by CNCPPDH, the President of the Republic had emphasized that "the issue cannot be objectively addressed in isolation from the historical background, for Algerian society has been faced with bloody terrorism and barbarity without parallel anywhere in the world".
Why do you think that is?
Protection orders and temporary measures such as compensatory monetary relief, separation from the victim, restraining orders, child custody and protection from public advertisement and/or publication of any picture, story or data which will lead to the disclosure of the offender or the person against whom an act of domestic violence is committed, are provided to the victim by the court based on the draft Act. The aim is to guarantee that abused women received all possible help.
Category 5
The montage has not only created a kind lifelike, smooth and natural feeling, but also created a kind of beauty!
Infant and child mortality rates
:: The fuller integration of women as decision makers in peacemaking and peacebuilding
The learning of the Hungarian sign language is organised and financed in harmony with the Governmental Decree.
Schneider Electric (Hong Kong) Ltd.
That is precisely what is happening in July for you, dear Pisces.
The return value of that utility is actually of type NumberGeneratorAsync, which is the asynchronous sibling of the main interface.
But mark you here: I'm an easy man - I'm quite the gentleman, says you; but this time it's serious.
Excuse ne . I am busy at the monet . Ill take you later.
XII. Other matters
At a recent climate summit in California, former US Vice President Al Gore argued that we can combat climate change with both old and new technologies, and that we must do so, because it poses an existential threat to us all.
2. The Third Conference also decided to keep under review the implementation of article 4 and its impact on the implementation of the obligations on clearance, removal or destruction of ERW under article 3 of the Protocol.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to undertake all steps necessary to ensure the adequate organization of the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1993/32 of 27 July 1993;
The hearing process which can last several weeks or months opens the legislative process to public participation.
Turkey is a party to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction and fully supports efforts towards its effective implementation and universalization.
68/72. Assistance in mine action
Further the small size of the area in question, the scattered distribution of the population, the fragile ecosystem and the sensitivity of the watershed areas also argue against such a solution.
Speakers in the Security Council are advised that providing in advance copies of prepared statements which they intend to read out in the Council greatly facilitates the work of the Secretariat by permitting a sufficient number of copies to be distributed to all meeting participants and by assisting interpreters, verbatim reporters and press officers in maintaining the quality of the product delivered.
When the reviews came back, I worked with a development editor to integrate the feedback and produce a final version.
So, should I understand that this is a proposal to delete the paragraph, or is it an amendment of the paragraph?
Information Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China
Geneva, 3-7 October 2011
5. The Convention and related domestic legislation are made an integral part of legal education and the training of judicial officers, including judges, lawyers and prosecutors, so as to firmly establish in the country a legal culture supportive of women's equality and non-discrimination.
306. This case involved an amount of $542,712 in respect of fraudulent calls made or facilitated by a former switchboard operator and charged to the Organization.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Thursday, 25 May 2000, at 10 a.m.
Will the overall level of services and efficiency / performance pledges / number of operating hours be affected by the implementation of a five-day week in the Companies Registry?
Novozybkovsky District
Jaworzyna Śląska
It was, therefore, suggested that displaced persons should be exempt from paying the 30 per cent charged other land-reform beneficiaries.
The operational circumstance of crossing the Earth's atmosphere does not affect the mission's singleness under a unified regime.
33. Vulture fund litigation prevents heavily indebted poor countries from using resources freed up by debt relief for their development and poverty reduction programmes, and therefore diminishes the capacity of these countries to create the conditions necessary for the realization of human rights for their people.
By the end of 1995 NNSS receiving equipment went into operation at DLR Neustrelitz/Germany.
At the local level, INTERFET and TNI are working together to institute appropriate local arrangements for border management, including for the transfer of displaced East Timorese.
Proper cultivation and care will culminate in the best crops and therefore the finest ingredients.
By now there should be a letter on my desk Notifying you of the meeting that will begin your initiation process.
This would be the case for interpretative declarations if one were to consider that a "wrong" interpretation constituted an internationally wrongful act that "violated" articles 31 and 32 of the Vienna Convention.
Both mechanical  deformation  and the irritation of nuclear components may cause nerve dysfunction.
The gold is beaten out into thin strips.
Millennium Development Goals 2000
We believe that the outcomes, which -- as the Japanese delegation has indicated -- were endorsed yesterday by the Council, will help the Council to work even better and will ensure that communication between the Council and the wider membership represented in the Assembly remains active and beneficial and continues to develop.
The multitude of environmental requirements and compliance assessment mechanisms in importing markets significantly increases costs for export-oriented producers in both developed and developing countries.
Ethanol is commonly used as a gasoline supplement, but it is currently about twice as expensive as methanol, the low cost of which is one of its attractive features.
Don't take such trivial matters to heart.
Four other cases had been put on hold by mutual agreement between UNIDO and UNDP to focus on ensuring that existing offices functioned properly prior to embarking upon expansion, pending the September assessment.
Financial assistance and other support have been given by the organization's President and other members towards the following projects: the Sri Lankan Nursery, which caters to 100 children, and provides scholarships for 500 children from primary school to university.
New members of the party felt they had been double - crossed by the old guard.
See Council decision 1996/209 (para. 2 above).
Milan Fashion Week
The factory was closed down because of a lack of orders.
Write the names of each covenant mentioned in this lesson in front of the class. List the principal verses in Scripture which describe these covenants.
Our walk home from the bus stop each day is the highlight of my young life.
II. Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/59/L.16 and A/C.2/59/L.62
Item 2
In addition, a working group composed of representatives of the Department and of UNDP had begun preparing guidelines on the operational framework of centres currently headed by the Programme. That should facilitate the functioning of those offices and increase their productivity.
4. Egypt stated that pursuant to articles 3 and 4 of its Criminal Code, any Egyptian who perpetrates abroad an act that is considered a felony or a misdemeanour under that Code is liable to punishment in accordance with the provisions thereof, provided that:
It also urges the Government to strengthen its efforts for the social integration of foreign women through educational and employment services, and through awareness-raising of the population.
Stock index futures as the innovative financial derivative instrument provide a place to avoid systemic risk in the stock market.
Attendance
An agreement on an internationally binding instrument on cluster munitions to which all major users and producers were committed would have constituted an important development.
The Board recommends that the Economic Commission for Africa, on an annual basis, attach an addendum signed by both parties to each memorandum of understanding, containing an indication of the specific area size, a description of space rented and the approved rental rate to be charged for the specific period (para. 584).
(d) Such supplementary information as may reasonably be required by the Secretary-General.
J. Employment in Bosnia and Herzegovina 60 - 65 12
The decision to use one or two service providers should be taken after a preliminary risk analysis.
Mike can't have found hellos car, for he came to work by bus thellos morning.
It therefore reiterated its condemnation of all forms of State terrorism and its willingness to engage in international cooperation aimed at the elimination of such terrorism.
Food monitoring, control and surveillance are carried out through regular inspections.
Lebanon therefore further requests the United Nations to authorize UNIFIL to put in position in the region a line of buoys that is in keeping with international standards.
My delegation is concerned that nuclear weapons continue to dominate the strategic considerations of important States Members of the United Nations.
 3. As regards activities envisaged for 1995, it should be noted that fewer elements of the Programme are contemplated than in previous years.
Such inequities in aid distribution not only violate the principles of impartiality and non-discrimination, but also may create resentment and tensions between communities, which can complicate the rehabilitation and reintegration of displaced persons and threaten their security.
The European Council of Jewish Communities (ECJC) (www.ecjc.org)
The consolidated budget for the biennium 2008-2009 for UNODC focuses on general-purpose funds of the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
When an entire family migrates mobility can lead to gender and inter-generational tension.
That is an absurd outcome. The pendulum has swung too far.
Conduct a questionnaire or interview with the client to get the design brief.
With the mechanics out of the way, note that I made a few design decisions in my test method.
Colombia
(b) from members of the critical group of the public, in areas where the public has regular access, by distances calculated using a dose criterion of 1 mSv in a year and conservative model parameters;
The Chairman drew the attention of the Committee to the statement submitted by the Secretary-General on the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.73 contained in document A/C.5/54/43 and to a letter dated 16 December 1999, from the Chairman of the Committee on Conferences to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/54/44).
Of the six strategic areas of support in this sub-goal, two are revealed by the ROAR as priorities: employment promotion and the promotion of entrepreneurship and access to microfinance.
I would like to bring to your attention a letter dated 7 May 2014 from the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Azerbaijan addressed to Mr. Erik Marzolf, Coordinator of the Panel of Experts established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1874 (2009) (see annex).
He listens to music all the time.
36. In 2008, CERD was also concerned that despite the special measures taken to reduce poverty and to progressively realize equal and sustainable development, discrimination on the grounds of ethnicity with regard to the enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights persisted in Namibia.
In the interests of putting an end to the succession of crises that had confronted UNIDO, it was imperative that Member States fulfilled their financial obligations.
(Agenda item 2)
(b) The State in which the violation took place -- and, to the extent possible, the State where the alleged offender is present -- to report to the Secretary-General as promptly as possible on measures taken to bring the offender to justice and eventually to communicate, in accordance with its laws, the final outcome of the proceedings against the offender, and to report on measures adopted with a view to preventing a repetition of such violations;
The international community must work hard to keep every land area on the planet, because of the fast-growing world population.
Address by His Excellency Lieutenant-General Mompati Merafhe, Vice-President of the Republic of Botswana
But we know that he has a big heart and strong courage.
This will be done by analysing the procurement process workflows from beginning to end, and reviewing information on key metrics such as commodities, monetary values, the number of participating vendors, procurement timelines and the tracking of document revisions.
Behind the desk in the police station sat a police captain.
20. The Administration will take appropriate measures to implement the recommendation contained in paragraph 10 (g), in which the Board recommended that:
16. In 2005, CAT remained concerned about reports of incidents of police violence, including cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment inside holding areas, particularly against people of nonWestern origin, and recommended that the State enable the National Commission for the Monitoring of Holding Centres and Facilities and Waiting Areas to begin its work as soon as possible.
Latvia has ratified the UN Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and the European Convention for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
China also can raise issues relating to any reservations under Section 17 or to any other specific commitments made by other Members in this Protocol.
We to to a point where the market does not expect institutions to be bailed out.
Holy See
The worker flattened out a piece of metal by hammering it.
He found the room empty.
3. The humanitarian impact of MOTAPM is not just the number of people killed or injured but also their economic impact.
In addition, two out of four Supreme Court chambers are headed by women; consequently there is full gender parity.
The former are often raised in respect of periods of years measured from the date of Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Table 3 Updated cost estimates for implementation of the Programme of Action by subregion, 2009-2015
I am pleased that Iraq has shown sensitivity and understanding as well as a sincere intention to assist in resolving the outstanding cases.
ISSN 1020-2439 Note Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures. Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
But the Nobel committee could have made a braver, more difficult, choice by declaring that there would be no recipient at all.
The fireworks went off in a cascade of colour.
Parking and landscaping $660 000
(e) Mechanisms to detect and monitor the cross-border transport of cash and other negotiable bearer instruments into your country (Plan of Action, para. 51 (b) (v))?
L'm sorry, l must be tired from the show or something.
Homicide cases with women victims
 Because they involve people at grass-roots level, their direct relevance to the process of greater democratization cannot be denied any more than the value of their contribution to human well-being on the basis of empathy and better understanding of local needs and conditions.
Consultants (development of documentation, assistance to the Parties)
The Government of Nepal had mainstreamed ICT into its national development policies and programmes and sustainable development strategies.
The Committee was informed that this paragraph reflected the result of the objectives described in paragraphs 15.14 (c) and (d) of the proposed revisions.
30 (Hg demand by 2015)
16. There seems to be unanimous agreement on this issue.
Ah shut up, you're so annoying!
Protection against retaliation 16
The cantons report these proceedings on a voluntary basis there is no legal basis for this reporting requirement and the information remains on the list until a judgement in the first instance has been passed.
Sophomore year is a time to narrow down your academic focus and decide on the college major .
Administration should take specific step, implementation region economy is balanced and harmonious develop.
This paper describes all parts of process except application realization.
Rabat 10 000, Morocco
So four of Eritrea's five neighbours have been assaulted.
(c) Providing guidance and training to staff on IPSAS-related matters, including assistance in solving specific issues arising on the ground during the implementation of IPSAS and Umoja;
Scores, perhaps hundreds, have been killed in ethnic clashes.
Secretariat of the United Nations. (Second Committee matters: (Second Committee matters:
The Centre collects and analyses data and continually monitors the status of trends in crime, terrorism and corruption worldwide from various countries, collaborating with governmental agencies and research and scientific institutions.
What's going on? What's wrong with these people?
generate exceptional reports on irregularities, such as officers late for duty
An interdepartmental working group has been set up to promote cooperation and exchanges of information between Ukrainian State bodies involved in investigating terrorist activities.
Delugas a little fatter than the last one? What happened to this mouse?
52. More than 3,000 Black farmers from the United States Virgin Islands submitted a class action lawsuit against the United States Department of Agriculture in 1997, alleging that it discriminated against Black farmers in its disbursement of loans.
2.1.10 Non Armoured Vehicle
When Henry Ford first sought financial backing for making cars, the very notion of farmers and clerks owning automobiles was considered ridiculous.
Evaluation - 8
(c) Collect and analyse legal measures directed at the restoration of degraded ecosystems;
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Usually, sitting on the table of the computer you will feel hot, but having it, you can drink the iced Coke.
The appropriate antibiotic may subdue the initial organism.
He teacheth my hands to war, so that a bow of steel is broken by mine arms.
West Coast National Park
Zambia
Mong Kok is one of the most densely populated area in Hong Kong known to tourists for its traditional markets and small shops.
Indeed, Soros emerged as a villainous cosmopolitan conspirator in the propaganda of Trump’s own campaign.
Estimate 2006: 21
 The corresponding programmes under the current medium-term plan are programmes 18, Population, and 24, Statistics, and elements of programme 12, Global development issues and policies.
- International space cooperation should be carried out on the basis of equality and mutual benefit, mutual complementarity and common development, and the generally accepted principles of international law.
Gibraltar monkey sits on a cannon on the top of the Rock of Gibraltar overlooking the colony in this February 7, 2002 file picture.
The election of the eighteen ad litem judges by the General Assembly took place on 25 June 2003.
Beijing Games officials said they didn't know if demonstrators in the designated protest areas would also need permits and referred questions to the city government and police.
They're all different too.
A number of NGOs are involved in this work too, and they carry out health education of their own. These concern the Consumer's Association, the Anticancer Society, the Association of Dieticians, etc.
Many manufacturers, meanwhile, says they have seen a sudden drop in orders and are quickly moving to cut jobs to avoid building up inventories.
Asia
Delegations of authority 61. Records of delegations of authority, which set out limits of authority to procure goods and services on behalf of clients both at the United Nations Office at Vienna and at UNODC, were not up to date..
In that context, they suggested that experienced countries should provide assistance to those countries still in the process of developing national plans and policies; South-South cooperation could play a significant role in that regard. Reciprocity
House of Given is a richly textured story illuminating the shifting boundaries of family trees and personal identity.
Made by the Chief Executive in Council under section 45 of the Elections (Corrupt and Illegal Conduct) Ordinance (Cap.554), the Maximum Amount of Election Expenses (Chief Executive Election) Regulation prescribes $9.5 million as the election expense limit for the Chief Executive election.
Many factors dictate the number of users of such facilities, including the geographic size of a mission and accessibility to transportation to the facilities.
Mercury in Fish and Food Safety (HTML)
 53. Thereafter, several photo-journalists were the targets of acts of violence while on the job in Port-au-Prince, and reporters covering political events - including two foreign correspondents - were threatened by armed civilians.
Born in 1937.
In addition, the results of audits can be systematically fed back into the regulatory process to improve the effectiveness of the international regulatory framework for shipping.
Ultracentrifuges operate under refrigeration in a vacuum chamber and forces 50 million times that of gravity may be reached.
It was agreed that, in line with the footnote to article 35, the conditions set forth in that article were intended to set maximum standards and that the explanatory material should clarify that deletion of the certification requirement should not be read as ruling out the possibility that certification might be required by judges, where appropriate and in accordance with local law.
Too full for words.
Under article 116 of the Constitution of Mali, treaties or agreements which have been duly ratified or adopted shall take precedence, following their publication, over domestic laws.
B. Yes, that's good. It'll be nice to meet Alice.
 In view of the changed structure of the international community and the growing role of the Security Council in recent years, and of the need for further democratization of the decision-making process as regards global peace and security, the conditions for expansion seem ripe.
(b) To create a back-up copy of the computer program or database, provided that copy is intended solely for archival purposes and for the replacement of a lost, destroyed or unusable copy in the possession of the lawful owner.
The airfields covered by the contract were located in Kinshasa, Goma, Kalemie, Kananga, Kisangani, Mbandaka and Bangui.
The United States had adopted Puerto Rico which loved its adoptive parents and did not wish to be separated from them.
See 98.9.
Could you carry it for me Will you please help me May I borrow your bike Please wait for your turn.
Item 100 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Department undertakes multimedia information campaigns on priority thematic issues, including campaigns to publicize the special sessions of the General Assembly being held in follow-up to the cycle of international conferences held by the United Nations.
The clinical value of this genomic information would seem to be close to nil.
Five evaluations identify successful WASH operations.
Classification and identification of plant are the groundwork for research on botany and management of forestry.
Collagen+C Liposome Serum penetrates the skin for antioxidant use and to enhance the skin's firmness, elasticity, and moisture.
Viagra is being used as a recreational drug on the club circuit to counterbalance the effects of as cocaine, ecstasy and amphetamines which inhibit erection.
In Japan, the Nikkei share index fell by more than five percent Thursday, as did while Hong Kong's Hang Seng.
A small decrease of $2,000 is related to changes in the exchange rate.
Journalists regularly received threats to life or were assassinated because of their work and the information they disseminated.
The length of the base period, however, should reflect changes in the economic development of Member States while at the same time ensuring stability in the scale.
The weak US economy has slowed China鈥檚 exports somewhat but has not been a heavy drag on demand.
The preparation of the two - component casting polyurethane rubber curing ambient temperature for cast moulds was studied.
The death penalty remains the ultimate criminal sanction lawfully available to the State and has only been imposed in the most heinous of cases some 26 years ago.
This is a very strict business card printing and membership card by making a beta version, and field mesh color swatch palette.
Address harmful practices, such as FGM, polygamy and bride price, by instituting public education programmes and enforcing prohibition of those practices; and
Long - term accounts payable shall be accounted at actual amounts.
The grants are allocated to research projects divided broadly into four major disciplines: Engineering; Biology and Medicine; Physical Science; and Humanities, Social Science and Business Studies.
25. The Chairperson invited the Committee to engage in a general discussion on the item.
We understand that that practice has now been largely discontinued.
This real-terms increase is also reflected in the higher figure ($2.9 million) in support costs generated in 2003, compared to $2.65 million in 2002.
18 December 1990b
However, recent investigations have revealed that some of the so-called smaller ports and coastal landing places are also capable of handling some deep-sea vessels.
Urumqi has non-stop trains to Beijing , Shanghai and normal passenger trains to Zhengzhou, Jinan and other provincial capitals .
Rule 7 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the Commission shall, at the beginning of each session, adopt the agenda for that session on the basis of the provisional agenda.
With carmine falcone in arkham.
In order to communicate those images, or those conglomerations of vast quantities of data among ourselves.
The objective of the workshop was to raise awareness of existing laws and institutional roles and responsibilities.
One recent example is the ongoing UNESCO cultural mapping project with Tuareg communities in Niger led by the Indigenous Peoples for Africa Coordination Committee.
Formalization of their role as the CD's subsidiary bodies for the core issues will require open and full-fledged discussions in the CD.
1970-1973 Conciliations Officer, Race Relations Board
I mean, making me choose between him and todd.
4. Potential for long-range environmental transport
From the first door came the sound of voices speaking German and occasionally French.
Huiscachani
With regard to the status of the Track 2 procedure, it notes that, by the end of the reporting period, 236 project design documents (PDDs) had been submitted and published on the UNFCCC JI website and that 23 positive determinations regarding PDDs had been deemed final by the JISC.
662. At its 832nd meeting, the Committee considered the draft general comment on "HIV/AIDS and the rights of children".
Mrs. Snavely got a divorce on the grounds of desertion.
"14. Calls upon States and other relevant actors, as appropriate, to continue to implement the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy, which, inter alia, reaffirms respect for human rights for all and the rule of law as the fundamental basis of the fight against terrorism;
However, there remains much to do in order to protect the potential victims.
19. At its 33rd meeting, on 1 December, the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled "Cooperative measures to assess and increase awareness of environmental effects of waste originating from chemical munitions dumped at sea" (A/C.2/65/L.32/Rev.1), submitted by Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, Spain, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Respondents in all the countries spoke highly of the potential of the current democratic governance practice.
Conduct external relations based on the ideals, principles and purposes of the Movement, the UN Charter and international law, as well as the "Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the UN", the "Declaration on the Strengthening of International Security", and the "Declaration on the Enhancement of Effectiveness of the Principles of Refraining from the Threat or Use of Force in International Relations";
I'm glad to know you received them.
Amendment of Law and regulations with respect to the introduction of the 10-year basic education cycle- IDB, (research paper) (April 2004)
Effects of the use of armaments and ammunitions containing depleted uranium (A/63/170 and Add.1)
Technical assessment of progress in implementation of the standards for Kosovo
At their sessions held in the first half of the year, the commissions should adopt the annual work programme for the working group.
Buildings and structures in Leiden
Issues relating to the water off Gibraltar continue to be a subject of contention.
The updated National Gender Policy includes more details on Monitoring and Evaluation.
Executive Direction and Strategic Management
Recognition of specific competences of treaty bodies ICERD
The technical assistance needs of parties reporting partial or no implementation of article 57 of the Convention are shown in figure XIV.
59. The Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate, the Monitoring Team and the expert group of the 1540 Committee continue to strengthen their cooperation to enhance the capacities of Member States (particularly in law enforcement and border control) to better understand the requirements for effective implementation of the various Security Council resolutions related to terrorism.
The dentists can rest for the moment safe in the knowledge that the dispassionate dullness of their craft remains unchallenged.
With regard to recommendation 231, it was agreed that the reference to "status" should be changed to "priority status" in order to clarify that recommendation 231 simply explained the meaning of the term "priority status" used in recommendation 230.
I am Matt Farrell and that is Billy.
These included low fruit and vegetable consumption, not eating enough oily fish and eating too much saturated fat and sugar.
World Association of Small and Medium Enterprises
Indeed, we will continue to concentrate on improved standards of governance, which are central to our assistance in our own region.
By the same decision the Executive Council encouraged the Committee to start with the implementation of the new mechanism.
Objective To provide anatomical basis for reconstructing the first segment of vertebral artery.
He also expects investment opportunities to emerge as growing environmental awareness among Asian customers starts to drive companies to address issues such as carbon footprint, product traceability and supply chain audits.
The series of national days of reflection and the regional conferences culminated in the presentation of a report at the World Summit for Social Development;
Concern exists that this may constrain regulators' ability to establish and modify regulations to address public policy objectives.
Changes in red soil microbial biomass under different REE concentrations have been studied.
Prohibition of torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment; right to liberty and security of person; arbitrary arrest and detention; right to recognition as a person before the law; right to effective remedy
UNDP increasingly provides capacity development assistance through the linking of experiences and resources between developing countries, that is, through South-South cooperation.
A police patrol boat hailed to us to come to.
22. OIOS noted that the Institute's outputs in 2004 were generally limited to preliminary project proposals, brief notes, discussions or progress reports, which do not constitute research products per se.
This chakra is located at the back of the head, at the point where Hindu Brahmins keep a tuft hair or shikha.
General debate
The General Assembly and legislative bodies of corresponding organizations should reiterate that donors should provide less conditioned extrabudgetary contributions, including those financing national execution, with a view to realizing the priorities of the recipient countries and ensuring more flexibility, predictability and geographic balance in NEX expenditures.
Ministerial Conference on Environment and Development in Asia and the Pacific
Palaeotropical
Ordinary fish-shaped noodles, but more sophisticated, "color, the smell, shape, " with that of the province of product quality.
“(...) A “financial service provider” is a bank or other financial institution that, in the ordinary course of its business, accepts deposits, makes loans or [provides other financial services”].
By contrast, sales of colored and semi-precious stones jumped 10 percent from a year earlier
Roman Catholic Diocese of Frederico Westphalen
Disodium tetraborate (all species)
Sackett, Nickolaus
But seriously, what was up with the tape?
Less than half of the reporting Parties provided projections for HFCs, PFCs and SF6.
0s births
McCulloch County, Texas
Iraq has declared all its proscribed programmes and taken the necessary steps to eliminate them.
Since the wind is destination and just let it blow bar!
One representative encouraged the exchange of good practices on the implementation of the provisions of the Trafficking in Persons Protocol, in particular the provisions on the question of consent and on the reduction of demand.
锛?锛?3锛塈 know today is your birthday.I wish you happiness, health, prosperity, and many happy returns!
Are you quite sure about his telephone number?
I should be sorry to stake my authority on her obedience.
Kuwait would use the "travel cost" methodology to determine the value of the loss.
Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment
The Committee is also disturbed about the participation of agents of the State party in the commission of such acts, and the apparent impunity enjoyed by their perpetrators.
Very general systems of differential equations can be reduced to the normal form.
Do not impersonate the user when using the queue.
Turkey has never pursued hostile and confrontational policies against any State.
They use this "risk" information to determine which individuals and groups they will insure and at what price.
You never mentioned yours truly?
Agenda item 86
For all these reasons my Government, which has co-sponsored the draft resolution, also intends to sign the draft Agreement, subject to ratification, as soon as it is open for signature.
What loss or losses the Government suffered in addition to those that may be compensated by awards for all underlying claims and interest on those awards.
The golden rule in playing tennis is to watch the ball closely.
www.un.org/ar/ecosoc
2.6 On 5 August 2009, Inge Genefke, MD, and Bent Sørensen, MD, submitted a complaint and a request for investigation to the Danish police, claiming a violation of articles 16, paragraph 1, and 12 with regard to the complainant's detention, and of article 3, paragraph 1, of the Convention, if the complainant were to be deported to Iraq.
In addition, one commentator pointed out that the note by the President did not address, particularly in its practical terms, the policy guidance from the Council to the Secretary-General.
It was also considered that regional and local institutions would be critical to ensure that the capacity of the sub-sovereign market for PPPs and associated services was understood.
How could you create a collaborative environment for it without creating utter chaos?
 168. Further discussion revealed that a very substantial majority of members of the Commission were satisfied that the study on the German civil service, which had been carried out in accordance with the methodology established by the Commission itself, was technically valid.
The three Boys pooled their savings for a year to Buy a Boat.
18. The Secretary-General had proposed a new structure for the Mission which would increase the number of posts from 44 to 82; 40 of those posts would relate to the establishment of a new civil affairs unit.
Dennis Lehane
He stood on the clifftop looking out to the sea.
Recalling General Assembly resolution 59/156 of 20 December 2004, entitled "Preventing, combating and punishing trafficking in human organs",
Can't see very far when you're hugging the ground.
 "The Commission notes with satisfaction the greater access recently granted by the Indonesian authorities to the international media and humanitarian organizations and trusts that it will be expanded further to human rights organizations.
Intellectual property rights regimes were often used in ways that hindered technology transfers to developing countries.
That could help reduce the number of heart attacks and strokes in people with healthy cholesterol levels.
please raise your glasses and drink to our health with me!
Marcel Proust
(a) Provide information in its next periodic report on the efforts of consular and diplomatic missions aimed at protecting the rights of Malian migrant workers and members of their families;
The database housed in UNDP's MDTF Gateway does not provide details on individual allocations of CHFs, and OCHA is not always informed of the exact status of the use of funds allocated to individual projects.
Enhancing civil society engagement in the work of the United Nations Environment Programme
He deposited a small amount of money toward the purchase of the car.
(d) Letter dated 22 October 1993 from the Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the report of the Eighth Meeting of the Intergovernmental Follow-up and Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 on Economic Cooperation among Developing Countries (A/C.2/48/5).
--that which we cannot obtain. Now, to see things which I cannot understand, to procure impossibilities, these are the study of my life.
Linkages between domestic suppliers and export-oriented foreign affiliates can also take place more frequently if buyers and suppliers operate in the same spatial and industrial area.
Some unexpected difficulty are occured in the process of making experience. 6.
This export ban places requirements on annex VII countries to ensure that hazardous wastes are not exported to non-annex VII countries.
He threatened the old lady with a toy gun.
[And with that, we go into another set of clips, this time from Rachels point of view.
This resolution totally ignores the Quartet statement made two days ago and violates the central tenet of the peace process, reiterated in the Quartet statement: to avoid prejudging the outcome of negotiations.
A unilateral statement formulated by a State or an international organization when that State or that organization expresses its consent to be bound by a treaty by which that State or that organization purports to discharge an obligation pursuant to the treaty in a manner different from but equivalent to that imposed by the treaty constitutes a reservation.
 Financial concerns are not, however, the only issue of which the world body is seized.
They totally backonme.
G20
April 2009, December 2011 and 2013 (multiple)
Recalling the Declaration of Barbados and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, adopted by the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, and recalling also its resolution 49/122 of 19 December 1994 on the Global Conference,
Nevertheless, this is not an automatic process and presupposes that existing rules are global and just and reflect the needs of all who adhere to them.
Koronadal City, South Cotabato
The information gathered is being used in the prosecution of crimes of sexual and gender-based violence and the organization is advocating its use by the International Criminal Court to support its ongoing investigations.
Implementing entity: Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Financing for Development Office
9. However, this approach is fundamentally flawed.
Better targeting will also result in more language versions of ICDC materials.
But when it comes to managing information, there seems to be no discernible difference in the end result.
1425. While noting the State party’s intention to improve the situation of environmental health services through, inter alia, the establishment of a Solid Waste Management Authority and the expansion of the collection areas from 55 per cent to approximately 95 per cent, the Committee remains concerned at the poor environmental health conditions.
However, the decision did not go far enough since WFP could probably well have absorbed all of UNHCR limited procurement activities, particularly as they both operate in the humanitarian sector.
Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (19 November 1999)
11. Myanmar
William R. Pogue
− Patrick Robinson (Jamaica)
At the United Nations, some historical initial steps have been taken to ensure that information technology is given the importance that it deserves as an essential tool and a force multiplier for achieving true development.
Although Ryan is a Welsh international, he was once the captain of the England Schoolboys football team.
My Bed
at how I eat oatmeal, because I add walnuts, molasses and a banana to the cooked cereal.
Regarding article 26, the author cannot argue that this article was violated simply because the courts did not decide in his favour, and he cannot claim racial motivation when the judicial decisions were reasonable and well-founded (de facto equality).
The shape of the dumpling took the form of a cone as opposed to a sphere .
Mr. Keating (New Zealand): New Zealand has been shocked at the recent events in Israel and Lebanon, and the New Zealand people have been outraged at the death and destruction visited upon innocent civilians in both countries.
Variations Part I & II
Searching for devices at a fixed interval means that the information system could obtain lots of information about different Bluetooth devices.
Reasons for the increase in the project overrun
Gustav Bauer
Along the coast of the vast Atlantic ocean there lived an old man.
I like having a walk after dinner with my walkman.
Recognizing also the need to integrate a gender perspective in the design and implementation of all phases of disaster risk reduction management, with a view to reducing vulnerability,
"But they buried him Saturday.
Stopping can very well be compared with bench blasting but requires considerably larger charges.
614. The will and the readiness of the State party to continue the dialogue with the Committee are welcomed. The regularity of the submission of reports by the State party, in accordance with article 9 (1) of the Convention is appreciated.
Investments in human resources were needed in order to align UNDP with the changing demands in crisis countries.
What other measures help prevent such activities?
It was therefore incumbent upon all countries, particularly the developed countries, in accordance with their common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, to address that threat by adhering to the principles enshrined in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Kyoto Protocol.
Manufacturing and industry
C. Evaluation of the role of the Secretariat in facilitating the work of the Commission
110. The Board wishes to express its appreciation for the co-operation and assistance extended to the auditors by the High Commissioner and his staff.
Major relaxation in the import scheme for computer hardware and software culminated in duty-free treatment in 1996.
In the tribe, this archetype was the tribal "teacher".
(d) To provide essential drugs, as from time to time defined under the WHO Action Programme on Essential Drugs;
My boss, his boss...nobody knows you even exist.
Summary of step 5
Certainly Ghana's oil and gas find should present us with a greater opportunity to create the conditions under which we will be able to create more jobs to solve youth unemployment in our country.
The Treasury needs to ensure that these payments are made in the most efficient, secure and cost-effective manner possible.
they can be prepositional phrases, adverb phrases, adjective phrases or noun phrases, or they can take clauses, finite or non-finite.
On more than 20 occasions, Trump has tweeted about a potential link between vaccines and autism.
I got up to flush when I noticed that there was a cockroach struggling feebly in the pile of crap.
Business Continuity Specialist (P-4)
Development policy and analysis
The numerous acts of looting and violations of human rights in the north of Mali contribute to worsening forced displacement.
It is therefore crucial to establish effective social programmes in those areas, since any progress made by the Government in overcoming this problem will be reflected at the national level, raising the population's standard of living.
Mr. RAPACKI (Poland): Mr. President, as I am speaking for the first time under your presidency, allow me to congratulate you on your assumption of this high office and to assure you of my delegation's continuing support for your efforts to get the CD back to work.
The legislative bodies of the United Nations, specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency which have not yet done so should conduct hearings/meetings with candidates running for the post of executive head, in order to enhance the transparency and credibility of the selection process and to make the process more inclusive of all Member States.
Republic of Korea
It would be a significant and, in my view, not unrealistic step by which, without compromising their national security, they would demonstrate their adherence to the principle of this important Convention.
It also noted that place names are links between individuals and their topographic surroundings, and are thus part of the identity of the users of the names.
It was published in English and translated into Arabic, Bahasa (Indonesia), Chinese and Spanish.
Public Service (Disciplinary) Regulation
Policies and measures in the United States that manage HFCs and promote alternatives Facilitator's comments
She met a young doctor who was deeply interested in fighting the tropical diseases.
2. In the view of the three delegations, such measures as deferring the removal of the North Lawn Building, suspending renovation of the Library Building and South Annex Building and deferring for 12 months the decision on how to tackle associated costs did not amount to a viable, forward-thinking means of reducing the cost overruns.
Treating the older skin with niacinamide which helps skin retain moisture damped down expression of genes related to inflammation.
Conclusion: The ultrasonic-assisted multi-stage countercurrent extraction method is hoped to be widely used in the pharmaceutical industry.
We're going to see the old part of athens.
The study is carried out by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs (CCGA), an independent US think tank.
Establishes the framework and responsibilities for the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (DPKO) and Department of Field Support (DFS) records management programme that applies to all DPKO and DFS staff at headquarters and in peacekeeping missions; stresses mandatory compliance.
(x) United Nations Human Settlements Programme: Supplement No. 5H (A/61/5/Add.8);
The northern Chinese welcomed the Mongols as  liberators  from the hated Kin, rather than as oppressors.
Women today constitute only 11.1% of the total number of managers at the decision-making level. Only seven women work as deputies of oblast akims, and there are few women among rayon or city managers.
There was also a proposal to allow States to make a reservation with respect to draft article 82.
The Criminal Code provides penalties in the following cases, which are considered to constitute discrimination: (a) obliging a woman to engage in sexual cohabitation; (b) preventing a woman from marrying; (c) refusal to employ a pregnant woman; (d) coercing a woman to interrupt her pregnancy.
Article 52 With respect to foreign investors engaging in developing and managing tracts of land, the administration of the right to the use of the land shall be effected in accordance with the relevant provisions of the State Council.
It should be noted that the requirements resulting from the resolutions and/or decisions of the fifteenth session of the Council, to be held from 13 September to 1 October 2010, will be considered in the next annual report.
Had that been the case, Member States would doubtless have provided for it better.
29. Draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.58
She is a connection of mine.
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C-209B
The authorities are clearly wary of a repeat of that unrest, and a large police presence remains outside the embassy.
13. The preparatory process for the Conference should be light.
Student:What about Canada
31. At the same meeting, the Vice-Chairman orally revised the draft decision by including a title for the substantive item in the agenda.
Thank you. Ha! Ha! Ha!
87. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twenty-eighth session on the activities of the Steering Committee and the work of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, including on the application of measures to enhance the effectiveness of the libraries within existing legislative mandates;
Ecosystems and city systems often form hierarchically structured landscapes whose spatial  pattern  is scale dependent.
John got a ticket for speeding.
(b) Act No. 26485 on Comprehensive protection for the prevention, punishment and eradication of violence against women in all their interpersonal relations; this law was enacted in 2009, and the relevant regulations were issued by decree PEN 1011/2010.
9. The Special Envoy for the Sudan and South Sudan provided technical and advisory support to the African Union High-level Implementation Panel with regard to the negotiations between the Governments of the Sudan and South Sudan, which led to the signing of agreements on 27 September 2012 and the subsequent operationalization of the Joint Border Verification and Monitoring Mechanism on 16 June 2014.
We are celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), which deserves our recognition for its important role on the international scene.
e Contribution from private sector in the country.
UNMEE United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea
I know what hopeless hopelessness feels like an enemy in feature # who defeats your will.
The terrible secret is called a skeleton in the cupboard
Today they'd kill me if they could. And I'm not exaggerating.
(c) Lean headquarters structure, limited to what is required for strategic management and overall policy setting; business development (external communication, strategic partnerships and resource mobilization); programme, portfolio and knowledge management; and overall efficiency, financial integrity and accountability for results.
Rwanda
Progress on the currency issue is expected to be slow but consistent.
t like her to begin with, but now she is one of my best friends.
8. After careful consideration and analysis of the proposal of the Secretary-General, and taking into account the increase in the CPI in The Hague since the last salary increase granted by the General Assembly in 1990, the Advisory Committee recommends that the annual salary of members of the Court be set at $160,000, effective 1 January 1999, with the next review to take place no later than three years from 1 January 1999.
D. Interpretation of unilateral acts
And buyers may be discouraged if they have to prove that their money did not come from the vast black market.
Even one minute's lateness would earn a stern rebuke.
The United Nations International Conference on Palestine Refugees, which was organized by the Committee in April at the Paris headquarters of UNESCO, took up the issue of the many Palestinians forced to live for over 60 years in refugee camps in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, Jordan, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic.
Both can be attacked using any type of weapon, including the air force.
The results indicate that the accumulation effect exist in price change perception.
All the waiting is over - it's zero hour for the game we're all waiting for, the players are out on the court and the referee is ready to throw the ball up and start the game.
General secretaries come before secretaries.
Tell me when you're coming up, if at all.
 We firmly believe in this Organization, and therefore we permit ourselves the liberty of hoping for the promotion of international cooperation which takes account of the diversity of each country and which is committed to complementary actions with shared and fully assumed responsibility.
10. Invites Member States, in cooperation with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, to continue to draw up systematic inventories of their cultural property, as well as to work towards the creation of a database of the cultural legislation of Member States, in particular in an electronic form;
 In Latin America, regional trading arrangements were becoming more effective, in Asia, intraregional trade was growing rapidly, even in the absence of formal trading arrangement, and Africa was showing renewed interest in regional trading arrangements.
Oh,i know who you are.
III. PROMOTION OF THE RULE OF LAW
Under international humanitarian law, all States were required to prohibit, criminalize and effectively investigate and prosecute the unlawful recruitment or use of children in hostilities, as well as any instances of sexual violence against them, regardless of which party to the conflict was responsible.
The rules, to take effect on the December 11 anniversary of China's WTO entry, mark a historic step in the gradual opening of the country's financial sector, but are unlikely to have the dramatic impact expected by some observers in 2001.
(iii) Increased percentage of women at the Professional level and above, for the Secretariat as whole
Other units may also be described by these variables, but only if they have a recognized relationship to the primary unit, i.e., they are sub-units or they are linked in a defined way to the primary units, such as in the way persons are classified by industry by being linked to a post at an employer (i.e., an establishment) through a job.
(d) Item 13: An open—ended working group for the elaboration of a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on involvement of children in armed conflicts (Commission resolution 1998/76, Economic and Social Council decision 1998/271) is scheduled to meet from 11 to 22 January 1999;
III. Management results
He was neither ostentatious nor luxurious, neither did he care about social position.
UNEP will also seek cooperation with other United Nations institutions and multilateral environmental agreements and exchange knowledge and tools.
Women succeeded in winning a number of seats in the general elections following the repeal of the relevant law, although clearly there was still a marked discrepancy between the number of seats held by men and those held by women.
Fifty-seventh session
At that time, the slow response of the body, can not keep up The brain.
Access to markets can provide the basis for their economic development, thus overcoming the main vulnerability that drug traffickers exploit.
Group of governmental experts of the States parties to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects [Decision of the States parties, December 2001]b,d
Azerbaijan
While new cases continue to be initiated against low-level direct perpetrators, more can be done on cases involving senior- and mid-level officials, as well as crimes of sexual violence.
This tall drink of cocksucker ain't dead.
Moldova's proactive attitude and determination in promoting and implementing reforms has ensured a more intense and expanded political dialogue between the European Union (EU) and Moldova.
Rather, its purpose was to ensure that diplomas granted abroad met established international standards.
In addition, Ouyang said, the SFC will also provide more financing for small and medium - sized convenience.
In all six case-study countries, UNCTs understood that it has become increasing difficult to act in isolation, although fuller joint programming has yet to be achieved.
It requires a firm political will and, indeed, an intensive intellectual exercise to ensure that societies react in a timely and appropriate fashion to these new situations.
This decree made it possible to ensure adequate finances for a general prophylaxis of the population, livestock, and in foodstuff industries by using iodized—calcium salt.
Each person's right to marriage and freedom to divorce;
(h) Form H: Steps taken to implement Article 11 of the Protocol: Compliance: 40 High Contracting Parties responded positively to Form H on Article 11.
A novel absolute encoder designed for servo application is introduced.
I recognize that some of you are concerned and I wanna assure you that if anything goes wrong, measures have been taken.
25. Given that growing level of NGO engagement, on the one hand, and the less than uniform mode of involvement, on the other hand, NGOs have sought to develop a standardized minimum level of access to these various forums.
We also guarantee the right to work and a full salary, balanced nutrition and the full enjoyment by people infected with HIV/AIDS of all their social and political rights.
58. Noting the challenges that had emerged in the carrying out of the study on methodologies for gender impact analysis, especially with regard to the availability and use of indicators on gender, the Committee decided to continue that work, and ECLAC took over responsibility as task manager from the World Bank.
The minorities shall neither be physically excluded from the territory nor be excluded from access to the resources required for their livelihood.
It is detailed to present the course of Archives digitization, and careful to rationalize the practice of digital Archives Compilation.
Explore the outdoors. Doing something new can help you get inspired and perhaps even think about new job possibilities.
2001 establishments in Russia
(a) General The Fund was established by the General Assembly to provide retirement, death, disability and related benefits for the staff of the United Nations and other organizations admitted to membership in the Fund.
While the Committee recognizes that the Office may have faced some constraints, given the timing of the adoption of the resolution of the General Assembly and the long lead time required for the preparation of the budget submission, it is of the view that special attention could have been paid to aligning the formulation of the logical frameworks more closely with the work of the Office.
At its tenth special session, in 1978, the General Assembly decided that an item entitled "Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session" be included in the provisional agenda of its thirty-third and subsequent sessions (resolution S-10/2, para. 115).
As that freedom of their mother tongue I am unhappy all show that in my face.
Its impact is thus felt in the future, as much if not more than in the present.
January - February 2014
With the end of quotas between China and the US on most textile products, and the sharp increase in quality levels of Chinese fabrics, I anticipated a possible downfall in my European business.
Fires on aircraft were complex events and the alternatives being proposed had to be carefully tested.
85. In paragraph 303, the Board recommended that the Administration ensure that the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management formalizes the procedure and strengthens the criteria for inclusion on the roster of contractual translators.
They also... .....KellanSo they actually move when the steering wheel moves, right?
Draft resolution A/C.1/56/L.26 was adopted by 94 votes to none, with 52 abstentions.
It changed my world.
I inched my way through the narrow space between the cars.
Sudan
(resolution 61/136) Adopted
States Parties, in an effort to eliminate loss or diversion of firearms, ammunition and other related materials, shall undertake to adopt the necessary measures to ensure the security of firearms, ammunition and other related materials imported into, exported from or in transit through their respective territories.
Draft country programme document for Yemen (DP/FPA/DCP/YEM/5)
A regional training workshop for Asian LDCs took place from 17 to 20 February 2014 in Pattaya, Thailand.
It causes a lot of alarm, but this is not a stroke or an event that causes damage to the brain. It's almost always very benign.
We have carried on a correspondence for years.
An education that aims at getting a student a certain kind of job is a technical education justified for reasons radically different from why education is universally required by law.
308. The reservation entered also provides for the continuation of the Small House Policy under which a male indigenous villager may apply, once in his lifetime, to build a small house on his own land or Government land (if available).
The United Nations Mine Action Team had participated actively in the negotiations that had led to the adoption of Protocol V, and welcomed its imminent entry into force.
Aware that the Government intends to continue its commitment to high-end tourism and the implementation of various regulations in the financial services sector,
Introduction
Requests for cooperation under article 87
Your guess is the furthest from the correct answer.
(c) Whether it coordinates entrepreneurship and innovation policies with other policies providing support for improvements to the business environment;
The pilot later got a medal for refusing to obey the president's reckless order.
Before adjourning, I should like to remind you that we will hold an informal plenary meeting immediately following this plenary meeting, in order to address the outstanding issues concerning our draft annual report to the United Nations General Assembly.
18. Trinidad and Tobago is a parliamentary democracy modeled on the British Westminster system and observes the principle of the separation of powers.
) Knowledge is power.Knowledge is power.
For me, little things can have a big, bad effect.
Since the formation of the unity Government on 2 June 2014, over 70 rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel.
As of the beginning of October, efforts by President Abbas to form a national unity Government that would reflect the principles put forward by the Quartet, remained inconclusive.
30. The growing trend towards a general acceptance of the Shariah court as an instrument for stamping out lawlessness has continued in a number of regions.
Sit around 8-3) To the surprise of everyone, his plan succeeded. 6.Have an aim in life, or your energies will all be wasted.
Palestine continued to hope that the agreement would be implemented in full without delay.
We must also establish a cooperation framework to ensure coordination between national Government efforts and civil society in its totality.
(n) Zambia Law Development Commission;
Heck, even now Americans are still being fed a steady stream of stories about how Russia is an international antagonist.
The management response matrices contain evaluation recommendations, managers responsible for their implementation and the relevant milestones and deadlines.
However, some obstacles of a socio-cultural and discriminatory nature still exist.
A proton positive charge and electron a negative charge but a neutron has neither.
Reduction and elimination of Chlordecone is consistent with sustainable development plans that seek to reduce emissions of toxic chemicals.
"A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years."
A well-designed building in Jeddah could enhance the visits of the millions of pilgrims who pass through it each year on their way to Mecca.
A number of Kyrgyz Republic Government resolutions were adopted to implement the Labour Code (Annex 2a).
Variant 1 was said to have the advantage of providing for a solution in case there was no decision by majority, instead of leaving that choice to be made by the parties.
Villanueva de Carazo
In accordance with these decisions, it is proposed that the Conference organize its work around a plenary and two main committees: Committee I and Committee II.
We gave the result of the diamond-like films research in the North China Research Institute of Electro-optics.
Strength and security of riser play an important role in offshore drilling and completion.
266. The 1990-1993 medium-term plan stated that, as a general guideline for the decade, approximately 80 per cent of programme expenditure was expected to be distributed among the four major programme clusters: health; nutrition; water supply and sanitation; and education.
The PRESIDENT (translated from French): I thank the Ambassador of India for her various proposals, of which I have taken good note.
In any case, as Turkey’s crisis starkly demonstrates, even the most deeply held of misbegotten beliefs eventually run up against reality.
With introducing the design analysis and some especial important working procedure in integrative construction and in-situ measure settlement value of a tall building raft foundation, this paper testifies the foundation design is successful.
 On 8 April 1995, officials of the Office of Territorial and Insular Affairs signed a grant with Governor Lutali, providing the territorial Government with $1.6 million for the purchase and installation of a computerized financial management system.
It also provides for the establishment of an international regime to govern the exploitation of the natural resources of the Moon as such exploitation is about to become feasible, taking into special consideration the interests and needs of developing countries, as well as the efforts of those countries which have contributed either directly or indirectly to the exploration of the Moon.
I love you with all my heart. () 21
The pigeon could then peck on one of four levers that moved the 'target' up, down, left and right.
Department of Public Information
The Conference will have before it:
Bernard Munyagishari
Tensions are also increasing between the Palestine refugees who have been residing in Lebanon and those arriving from the Syrian Arab Republic, given that the latter are deemed to be placing an additional burden on the already limited resources available for Palestine refugees.
One constraint of workload-sharing noted by OIOS concerns subject-matter technical expertise that is specific to duty stations and the venue of meetings of specialized entities of the Organization.
Two other retailers, Marks & Spencer and Asda, come fourth and ninth respectively in the UK ranking.
118.16 Accelerate its fight against racism (Bangladesh);
Justice of the peace
The draft resolution was adopted by 176 votes to none, with 2 abstentions (resolution 66/27).
EFFECTS OF ATOMIC RADIATION
25. The presence of improvised explosive devices in the community continued to cause harm.
It is very likely that there were no life on mars.
UNDOF, the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and UNTSO continued to focus on removing disparity in services, eliminating duplication of effort and creating economies of scale.
A key issue is how to generate new positive spirals, such as the green revolution of recent decades, without undermining life-support systems or generating a continuous dependence of poor countries on continued international support and/or charity.
Noted British astronomer Patrick Moore announced on the radio in 1976 that at 9:47 am, a once-in-a-lifetime astronomical event, in which Pluto would pass behind Jupiter, would cause a gravitational alignment that would reduce the Earth's gravity
Our communication levels are really good - we speak to each other all the time during games and the stuff he says really helps you.
Also a rescaling factor is detected wherein the summation of remainders of macro blocks making up one picture becomes the minimum.
9. Earlier, before the unexpected death of President Bongo, senatorial elections had been held in Gabon on 18 January 2009, which had also been marred by claims of irregularities.
This definition bases in the criminal law stipulated that covered has rendered meritorious service generally with the content which rendered meritorious service significantly.
4. Rejects unilateral coercive measures with all their extraterritorial effects as tools for political or economic pressure against any country, in particular against developing countries, because of their negative effects on the realization of all the human rights of vast sectors of their populations, in particular children, women and the elderly;
5. On the indemnification of victims of human rights violations of the Marcos regime
Small island developing States suffer from a lack of capacity to develop and implement policies.
The President declared a wildfire emergency in New Mexico.
A recorded vote was taken.
The workshop focused on how to implement the practical trade facilitation measures in the World Trade Organization Agreement on Trade Facilitation and included discussion of how to finance the necessary measures.
[21 June 2004]
The framework was developed by OHCHR in consultation with a panel of experts, including members of the treaty bodies, special rapporteurs, United Nations organizations and civil society organizations, and has been validated through workshops and consultations with national stakeholders, namely national human rights institutions, government bodies responsible for States parties reporting, national statistical agencies, UNCTs and non-governmental organizations.
Then he said, "I have sinned; but please honor me now before the elders of my people and before Israel, and go back with me, that I may worship the Lord your God."
As we move forward, there should be less emphasis on the international fire-brigade side of humanitarian business, even if well-coordinated international responses will always be needed, and more focus on building local, national and regional capacity.
National achievements and good practices in youth development
Secondary occupation thus creates challenges to housing restitution that require a coherent policy response, based on human rights and other legal principles which clearly recognize the preeminence of the right to housing and property restitution of legitimate title holders.
As far as we know, he's still there.
Audit of the OCHA Central Emergency Response Fund: "OCHA and OPPBA need to urgently address weaknesses in the financial management of Central Emergency Response Fund in order to strengthen internal controls"
Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch that old git.
9.2. The Djiboutian Nationality Code
47. The Committee urges the State party to take remedial action to address the problems of clandestine abortions, unwanted pregnancies and the high rate of maternal mortality.
By using the narrow-width approximation we find a sum rule for the decay rate of the string resonances with different spins at each mass level.
We actively addressed new issues arising in the course of opening China to the outside world
The grand mediocrity of today--everyone being the same in survival and number of off- spring--means that natural selection has lost 80% of its power in upper-middle-class India compared to the tribe. 69.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies had partnered with FAO to combat land degradation and climate change, through programmes aimed at tree planting, sustainable water management and reduction of food loss and waste, in highly vulnerable regions and communities.
In that connection she mentioned the joint Special Programme for Economies of Central Asia (SPECA) which had been devised by the Economic Commission for Europe and the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific and which encompassed all the region's priority issues.
80. Qatar's future educational goals are the following:
He likes to run in the woods and stay out all night. He was just a good old country boy.
Common support services
For example, the establishment of an Advisory Group, with the participation of donors, beneficiaries and the secretariat, has been proposed for the DMFAS Programme.
22 December 1995a
The following section highlights UNDP and UNFPA results in relation to the goals of the 2011-2015 UNAIDS strategy.
Tributes were paid by the President of the Assembly, the Secretary-General, representatives of the five regional groups, members of the Legal and Technical Commission, and other members of the Assembly.
Establishing financing mechanisms to meet the special needs of women, children and orphans.
I'm looking for the supply room.
Doc.EX.CL/426 (XIII) Add.2
Service
6. The individual referred to in paragraph 1 currently has a legal action against the European Council.
The view was expressed that parts of the expected accomplishments under subprogramme 3 appeared inaccurate, as they touched on political changes in countries and as such were not the work of the Secretariat, which could be seen as interference in the sovereignty of countries.
There are also bilateral agreements or arrangements which either focus specifically on technical assistance on competition law and policy (there is such an agreement between the competition authorities of South Africa and Zimbabwe, for instance) or include such assistance within the context of assistance on different forms of economic regulation.
Frederick Louis, Prince of Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen
That law also sets out the conditions and procedures for acquisition or loss of Comorian nationality and the settlement of disputes over nationality.
 This accountancy system will provide the basis for a current declaration regarding those items at quarterly intervals.
Our audit opinion will also confirm whether expenditure and income has been applied to the purposes intended; and whether the transactions conform to the authorities which govern them.
The corresponding figures for 2000-2001 are 40 recurrent and 73 non-recurrent publications.
A. General issues
4.3 As to the claim that Mr. Rastorguev was detained for six days without being informed of charges against him, the State party submits that the investigation in the murder case was initiated several months before his detention.
d) if the marriage is a Christian marriage the provisions of the canons of such religious denomination have been complied or lawfully dispensed with.
28.6 Population . 28.17 - 28.18 211
Percentage change
B. Resource requirements for additional sessional meetings of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action
The EU also suggested the need for concrete efforts to mainstream the disability perspective into the monitoring mechanism of all core United Nations human rights treaties, using a new instrument that was tailored to relevant obligations within existing human rights treaties and that acknowledged the specific circumstances faced by persons with disabilities.
Stand up, please. 17.
NYC
From the Tsarist Russia time, Georgia locates Transcaucasia is Russia's sphere of influence.
It also recommends that the State party expeditiously enact the 2009 Police Powers and Duties Bill.
The application of successive treaties relating to the same subject matter (article 30 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties)
Actually if you just give me your phone number, we can settle this, and it's kind of a house rule But I thought he was the manager.
Prepared by the International Committee of the Red Cross
The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?
The old man opened his eyes and for a moment he was coming back from a long way away.
While the Committee recognized that the Assembly had decided when establishing the Committee that expenses of members should be defrayed by their respective Governments, the Committee was concerned that this arrangement would not allow equal participation by all Committee members or all States parties in the nomination of qualified candidates.
Spencer added that the study published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health showed that the risk of abuse is graded, so the lower the birth weight and gestation, or time in the womb, the higher the risk
The Information Services Branch will further strengthen the systems for collection, analysis, dissemination and sharing of humanitarian information through expanded networks, coverage and reach.
 The Executive Board approved the recommendation.
:: Member of the National Bioethics Commission (since 2002)
Fireworks cascaded from the tower's spire to the base and lasers blazed out from all levels leaving the crowds awestruck.
Estimate 2002-2003: 16 publications
"The Government attaches great importance to the well-being of residents in Tin Shui Wai. We are actively exploring ways to improve the situation in the district and strengthen the local neighbourhood network."
25C.17 A provision of $56,200, at the maintenance base level, is proposed for attendance of the Director or designated representatives at the sessions of CCAQ and ICSC, and annual visits to offices away from Headquarters for periodic consultations.
Report of the Secretary-General
(b) To decide on the treatment of other income for the period ended 30 June 2011 amounting to $25,888,600 from interest income ($3,792,900), other/ miscellaneous income ($1,935,500) and the cancellation of prior-period obligations ($20,209,300), offset by prior-period adjustments ($49,100).
In recent years, people emphasizes that the human must be in accordance with the nature and develop the cultural traveling resources in order to realize the tourism sustainable development.
Olympus PEN-F
Figure C: Gross expenditures by category, 2006-2007 17
He smote the firstborn of Egypt, Both of man and beast.
29. Because controls on growing trade and communication had been unable to keep pace with organized criminal activities, there was an urgent need to elaborate an improved response by criminal justice authorities world wide.
They give the relevant mechanism visibility and test its reliability.
Taxonomy/Hyoseridinae
2. Essential questions in relation to globalization include: are neoliberal theories capable of promoting and protecting all human rights of all people throughout the world?
1. The fees include consumables utilized during the consultation.
He came in great love to take our punishment for sin.
I think failure is a bit strong but you've got to be realistic and look at the big picture.
Through those meetings, the state governments explained state plans for development and coordinated activities with United Nations partners
This terminology is generally not appropriate for international organizations.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D, Calif.) portrayed the legislation as 'only the beginning' of the legislative response to the faltering economy.
by sex
A proposal was made that article 15 should also be referred to in article 3.
Members elected by the FAO Council
Balinghem
As noted in the first report, notwithstanding the specific contexts in which these other courts and tribunals work, overall there is substantial reliance on the approach and case law of the Permanent Court of International Justice and the International Court of Justice, including the constitutive role attributed to the two elements of State practice and opinio juris.
He was panting a little, but he was neither shaking nor trembling now.
para. 114
Under base condition,diethyl sulfate and salicylic acid occured subsitution reaction,then acidifated to obtain o ehtoxybenzoic acid.
On 27 January, an informal meeting with the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide, Francis Deng, allowed the latter to present his action on the matter and brief the Council after his visit to the Great Lakes region.
5. He examed everybody getting off the plane with a suspicions eyesight
There was particularly strong interest demonstrated by the involvement of community and professional leaders from Nagasaki, Hiroshima and Semipalatinsk.
Heat exchanger is commonly used in petroleum, chemical, utility power and other fields of industry.
 127. The Special Rapporteur believes that two measures could be taken to help overcome this perception of selectivity and contribute to a more impartial and comprehensive approach to the problem of impunity.
Andrew was determined to help them say no.
Appeal: Filed with the Dispute Tribunal, where the case remains under consideration.
They also make up only 19 per cent of directors at Board level and 34.7 per cent of managers at senior management level (excluding the Board) and approximately 32 per cent across senior management levels (including the main Board).
Ploetzlich bin ich, Tilo Wolf , die Figur , die von diesem Harlekin als Marionette bewegt wird.
Xiaowei Zhuang
 Is it admissible that 4,500 Iraqi infants die monthly because of the lack of food and medicine, as was stated by a United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) representative a few days ago?
1.2.3 PURCHASED SERVICES.
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, forty-third session [General Assembly resolutions 34/180 and 62/218]b
3. The Conference may limit the time allowed to each speaker and the number of times each participant may speak on any question.
Maybe they didn't have enough money. Sam: I want to return it and get leather!
Application of the valves can implement quick shifting and shockless movement of the hydraulic system.
of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields
1. Adoption of the agenda.
New Zealand hoped that those discussions would bear fruit before December 2002.
It is therefore important, in terms of follow-up work and the performance of the tender, that this document, which bears the express agreement of the supplier, be kept in the purchasing file.
Bulgaria
 This situation is, of course, highly disturbing, particularly for the OAU.
He emphasized the importance of the preventive measures and indicated that a case-by-case analysis would be appropriate in determining the degree to which the measures should be obligatory.
 9. Mr. ZAHID (Morocco) said that States were limited to one statement on each item in the general debate; moreover, some petitioners had already made statements in the Special Committee on decolonization.
These include regulations and safety and the protection of health at work issued by central bodies or employers in agreement with the relevant State supervisory bodies with authority over safety of work and technical equipment and the relevant union body (section 273 of the Labour Code).
:: Five policy memorandums and legislative briefs containing technical and legal advice to governorate officials on the establishment of new regional governorate structures and the establishment of independent institutions envisaged in the Constitution
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organiza-tions and the media are invited to attend.
(c) States should ensure more democratic and equitable participation of all States in the financial institutions such as the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization (WTO), for instance by placing them under the authority of the United Nations and subordinating them to the Purposes and Principles of the United Nations Charter, pursuant to Articles 57 and 63 of the Charter.
Executive Director of the World Food Programme
Gender differences in adolescent homicide rates suggest that male socialization and norms of masculinity contribute to violence.
6 p.m. -- Deadline for submission of draft proposals under items 89, 89 (a) through (e)
The present report, prepared pursuant to paragraph 8 of Executive Board decision 2011/5 on the UN-Women biennial institutional budget for 2012-2013 (see UNW/2011/13), outlines the new regional architecture and explains how it addresses the organizational needs of UN-Women to best support Member States.
Could we cash on delivery   ?
The meeting was called to order at 10.10 a.m.
The Conference recommends that the list of items triggering IAEA safeguards and the procedures for implementation be reviewed from time to time to take into account advances in technology and changes in procurement practices.
And what sort of job? I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
Assault rifles, heavy machine guns, ammunition for the aforementioned and explosives
The Government stated that tribal militias had not existed since the signing of the Darfur Peace Agreement.
1. Conferences of the organization of prison fellowship in:
It'so happens that I know the man.
16 January 2001
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Israel to Senegal
Table 1
Such access is not the case currently in either the Federation or the Republika Srpska press.
(c) Approved projects should:
Include activities such as the identification and implementation of projects through the national focal points in activity 9 together with the network of regional support offices and other relevant partners and projects such as the Center for Satellite Based Crisis Information of the German Aerospace Center, the Humanitarian Global Mapping Services (RESPOND) and the United Nations Organization Satellite (UNOSAT); and also include the development of a knowledge management and transfer framework that will support the needs of the humanitarian and emergency response community, including the user community in Geneva
37. On 8 October, the Government of Afghanistan executed by hanging five men convicted of the rape of four women in the Paghman district of Kabul Province.
1.3 The transition period and its leaders
Beginning with its eleventh special session, held in 1990, the Commission has elected a Chairman, three Vice-Chairmen and a Rapporteur.
7. Mr. Mehairbi (United Arab Emirates) said that development plans and programmes in the developing countries had been adversely affected as a result of the steadily declining global economy, which was attributable to a variety of factors, in particular wars and armed conflicts such as those in the Middle East region.
You think this is the only part of it that's true?
Ecuador, Guatemala, Mexico, Peru and Uruguay
And after these days we gathered our baggage and went up to Jerusalem.
B. Documentation
He was pulling down $100,000-plus as a senior manager of Motorola Inc.'s cellular division in Beijing and had worked in Singapore and the U.S.
You will obtain a smooth and durable flexible cable harness with overlapping bandaging with spiral bandaging.
G. Selection and appointment of senior managers 42. The General Assembly in paragraph 19 of its resolution 64/259, recalling paragraph 28 of the report of the Advisory Committee (A/64/683 and Corr.1), requested the Joint Inspection Unit to submit a report, at the main part of its sixty-sixth session, on possible measures to further enhance transparency in the selection and appointment process of senior managers.
In 2004, the State Council promulgated China's first comprehensive administrative regulation on religious matters -- "Regulations on Religious Affairs.
21. Reaffirms also paragraphs 34 to 37 and paragraphs 67 to 72 of the Tunis Agenda for the Information Society;
43. Mr. Vigny (Switzerland) said that empowerment of women was essential in preventing the violation of their rights.
I can see them.
Otherwise, the days of suffering of the Palestinian people will always be Gaza days.
IV. ISSUES REQUIRING THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR=S ATTENTION
The Acting President: We shall now proceed to consider draft resolution A/62/L.33.
This paper analyses the study status of forest fire forcast, and points out the problem and insufficient existing on technology and method about it at present.
The people should have a say in managing drinking water and should have the opportunity to oppose the privatization of water supplies for purposes of profit only.
44. As Secretary-General, I will continue to ensure that the United Nations works towards the creation of an independent, democratic, contiguous and viable Palestinian State living side by side in peace with a secure Israel in the framework of a comprehensive regional settlement consistent with Security Council resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973), 1397 (2002), 1515 (2003) and 1860 (2009), and in accordance with the road map, the Arab Peace Initiative and the principle of land for peace.
For an in-depth discussion of the proposals, the report should be presented to the Governments well ahead of the Commission’s next session.
It also did not provide any evidence relating to causation.
What that really meant was that development took place on a ad hoc basis.
Help the person you care about recognize the symptoms of depression and get treatment.
We will comply with environmental laws and regulations laws and regulations at all times and in the event of difficulties these will be reported to the regulatory authorities without delay.
How did Joseph's brothers feel towards Joseph now?
At first the culture can be revealed from the exotic atmosphere angle in literary translation.
42. Spain congratulated Monaco for its humanitarian action policies and its participation in various international humanitarian bodies.
MP: I need a woman to have a quirky sense of humor.
(e) Support to the United Nations Development Operations Coordination Office/headquartersb
With her, a simple American girl of German extraction, he had removed to Youngstown, and thence to Columbus, each time following a glass manufacturer by the name of Hammond, whose business prospered and waned by turns.
5. Administrative expenses and incidentals
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) highlighted, for example, during its United Nations Humanitarian Appeal 2005, that funding obtained amounted to only 36 per cent of overall requirements, if the Indian Ocean Flash Appeal, launched at the beginning of the year to address the effects of the tsunami disaster, is excluded.
Thanks to dynamic and thorough measures, Turkmenistan was awarded a certificate in 2002 for halting the circulation of indigenous wild poliovirus.
Additionally, PNG's marine and coastal resources are the most wide-ranging and diverse in the South Pacific region.
 (d) In operative paragraph 1, the words "as well as other missions of international experts" were deleted;
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on special measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse and the report on the investigation by the Office of Internal Oversight Services into allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse in the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo,
The Englishman, who was very hungry by this time and not at all thirsty.
There have been massively significant drops in the past 50 to 60 years, says Klaas Teule, a scientist with the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), which runs a turtle conservation prject in Bali. it's hard to put an exact figure on it, but 80% would be on the conservative side
This was not done on the spur of the moment. It had all been planned by God for our salvation and we can rejoice in it today.
This has made it difficult for armed group combatants who wish to negotiate their collective demobilization and return to civilian life, particularly since the closure in August 2011 of the offices of the FARDC Structure for Military Integration in North and South Kivu.
9. The global partnership for development can take guidance from the numerous commitments made by States, including at major United Nations conferences and summits, in the economic, social and related fields.
When my party took office in 2002, the Turkish economy totaled around $250 billion. Today, Turkey’s annual GDP has reached $800 billion, making it Europe’s sixth largest economy and the 17th largest in the world.
(b) Decided also that, notwithstanding the expiry of his term of office on 31 December 2010, Judge Uldis Kinis was authorized to complete the Gotovina et al. case, which he had begun before the expiry of his term of office, and took note of the intention of the International Tribunal to complete the case by the end of March 2011;
Pedestrian Design Objectives
ESCWA cooperated with several United Nations agencies and other partners in order to increase the efficiency of capacity development activities.
That crisis followed a period during which the financial sector grew dramatically, especially in Europe.
Visited the Italian Farm today. A nice vineyard and restaurant just outside of Beijing.
Thank you for your time and we look forward to hearing from you!
Impact and lessons learned
We feel that all questions related to nuclear-power units of the Chernobyl type and their shut-down must be viewed, not as local questions, but as questions that should be part of a comprehensive, international programme.
All her fears, and pain went away for that moment.
31. In March, the national small arms and light weapons focal point organized a seminar, with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) support, to sensitize the Government and civil society on the proliferation of small arms, the Nairobi Declaration on Small Arms and other international agreements.
Often it's picked apart by poor people, who may face dangerous exposure to poisonous chemicals in the equipment.
be successful, you must be daring, be first and be different.
Saint-Ouen, Seine-Saint-Denis
The use of refrigerant HC-600a (isobutane) in domestic refrigeration and small-based appliances had started in the United States of America, and was further increasing in use in Article 5 countries.
Socrates! You're under arrest on charges of corrupting the youth! And some other stuff.
For example, about one third of the mandates adopted at the forty-fourth session, while not restated since in new resolutions, are still current.
Pregnant employees are also entitled to a stable and regular pattern of working hours and breaks.
Also encourages designated operational entities to establish offices and partnerships in developing countries in order to reduce the transaction costs for those countries and contribute to a more equitable distribution of clean development mechanism project activities;
For the purposes of the article, the judge responsible for release and detention of the Paris Court of Major Jurisdiction is competent for the entire national territory.
35. His delegation supported the call for the establishment of a standing civilian police capacity, but cautioned that the selection should be fair, transparent, and based on the Organization's principles.
1. Mr. Vohidov (Uzbekistan), speaking also on behalf of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Turkmenistan, said that, after seven years of negotiations, the countries concerned had reached agreement on a treaty and protocol for the establishment of a Central Asian Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone which they hoped to sign as soon as possible.
Beyond occupying areas populated by Georgians and terrorizing the local population, Russian forces also attacked national parks and nature reserves.
Thus speaking she turned from the stile over which she had been leaning, and faced him;
7.2 The Committee must evaluate whether there are substantial grounds for believing that the complainant would be personally in danger of being subjected to torture upon return to Bangladesh.
(f) Financial regulations (continued) (IDB.36/11; IDB.36/L.5)
109.95. Strengthen its efforts to combat human trafficking and provide support services to victims, particularly for women and children and Roma people (Australia);
We strongly support the United States efforts to facilitate the negotiations, and we call on the parties to negotiate in good faith and to live up to their obligations.
Its central government was corrupt in places, and ineffective at policing the country's distant corners.
It focuses on access to commodities and resources.
22. At the 20th meeting, on 30 October, the representative of Indonesia, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Relationship between disarmament and development" (A/C.1/68/L.15).
5. Interest 326
TD/B(S-XIX)/L.2 Draft Report of the Trade and Development Board on its Nineteenth Special Session - Mid-term Review,
 I guarantee Russian citizens, the peoples of the CIS countries and the world community that:
Nairobi/Beijing/Shanghai/Nairobi
I believe they never thought then that the Rome Statute of the ICC would one day be used as a pretext to topple regimes or to interfere in the internal affairs of States.
In addition, in their concluding observations, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the Committee on the Rights of the Child also expressed their concerns about the issue of significantly fewer women than men attending higher education.
Letter dated 9 September 2002 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
It is reported that all of the bodies showed signs of torture and had been shot.
Ability of center financial derive and government are right in rising western the proportion of investment.
Over the past decade, there has been an increased awareness of the importance of resource allocations at different levels for the promotion of gender equality and empowerment of women.
Whatever happened to the authority and integrity of Security Council resolutions? Who but Israeli ruling circles are responsible for the abysmal degradation of that Security Council resolution over these 18 long years.
12. When allocating available resources to different programmes, due regard should be given to the core content of each right, with special focus on the requirements of "the vulnerable members of society".
"Science with Africa" e-newsletter
E/CN.4/Sub.2/2001/2 5 Working paper on discrimination against indigenous peoples
Comparison of audio coding formats
Recommendations for future project activities were formulated.
A nutritious snack providing 22 grams of high - quality protein with only 250  calories  per bar.
Warehouses and communications workshop
The current situation of coal production, processing and transportation and its developmental trend are expounded.
New Zealand
At the Third Review Conference the States parties agreed to implement the following, later amended by the Seventh Review Conference:
Table 2
1. Reaffirms gender equality as one of the cross-cutting strategies of the medium-term strategic plan of UNICEF;
Doses presented in terms of the proprietary product are more meaningful to the grower.
The Phantom Pain
182. Requests the funds and programmes, and encourages the specialized agencies and other relevant United Nations entities, to intensify the use and the evaluation of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework and the evaluations of the United Nations system-wide contribution to national development results;
Decree No. 05/021 of 29 March 2005 was passed, establishing the National Radiation Hygiene Institute;
The group which had donated them had complained vocally when officials tried to refuse the gift.
I learned from my experience with romance on the Net that people arent always what they seem.
Tentage includes flooring and the ability to heat and cool, as appropriate;
1.15 p.m.- 2.45 p.m.
71. At 0530 hours, an armed terrorist group detonated several explosive devices in Hirista.
You ever stop thinking about what's happening With others before you barge in on them?
Strengthening the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme, in particular its technical cooperation capacity
50. Jordan condemned all forms of terrorism, and was grateful to the Terrorism Branch of UNODC for its assistance.
While I said even people did good deeds for their own purposes, better than do nothing.
Interpretation and meeting servicing
Our team consisted of two nurses, Terri and Anne Marie, and a psychiatrist, a kindly M. D from Haiti whom everybody called Dr. Paul.
The Working Group agreed to remove the brackets and adopted the substance of draft recommendation 215.
The Security Council endorsed the assessment and conclusions of the Special Mission by its resolution 328 (1973) of 10 March 1973.
Specifically, the vote affirmed that the countries of the world reject the occupation and the accompanying destruction.
16. The Board would like to express its appreciation to these donors for providing funding and political support enabling the implementation of the provision of the General Assembly resolution ES-10/17.
The auditees shall cooperate with audit institutions in their work and provide necessary working conditions.
76. Mr. Kuznetsov (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the related reports of ACABQ (A/59/708, A/59/722, A/59/736 and Add.2 and A/59/784), expressed appreciation to the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management for the close cooperation afforded the Advisory Committee and the speedy issuance of its reports.
18. Regarding human rights training for the police and their evaluation, an issue raised by Slovenia, the delegation indicated that even though the exact direct effects of those trainings had not been measured, indirectly, they were reflected in the rate of public trust towards the police which had reached 70 per cent.
The United States noted the visits by special rapporteurs hosted by Israel, which demonstrated its commitment to United Nations human rights mechanisms.
40. In the context of the reconfiguration of the administrative and operational structure of the Mission and the resultant reduction in the size and scope of the activities of UNMIK, the reclassification of the post of the Director of Legal Affairs from the D-2 to the D-1 level is proposed, along with the abolishment of two Legal Officer posts (P-5) and the redeployment of one P-2 post to the Human Rights Advisory Panel.
(b) whether, in approving the applications for change of land use, it has considered its impact on the overall plan for land sales by auction and the future housing supply; if so, of the results of its consideration; if not, the reasons for that; and
The Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 375,700 for this claim.
The head of the mission addresses a confidential report to the Board for review at its next session.
The 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit in Sichuan Province on Monday afternoon, and the death toll steadily increased throughout the evening, raising concerns that the number could go far higher.
104. Mr. Reinisch (Austria), referring first to the topic "Identification of customary international law", said that his delegation supported the Commission's aim to clarify issues relating to that source of public international law by formulating conclusions with commentaries.
This code would try to distinguish between commissions paid for real services and padded fees.
For more info, questions or queries get in touch with us.
The General Assembly,
down the highway of regre
As a result of this common problem, recruiters can only guess a child's age based on physical development, and are likely to enter the age of recruits as 18 in order to comply with national laws.
Whether you are a developer, designer, or a customer service manager, there's an opportunity here for you to level up and be your own CEO.
He coughs up a lot of phlegm thick spit on most days.
The organization has also engaged in numerous lobbying activities to push for the global framework for action at a number of high-level meetings, including the United Nations Millennium Development Goals high-level meeting partnership event in New York in September 2008.
(g) Culture statistics;
Blister packaging is one of the packaging forms with wide application and fast development.
The Argentine Republic believes that solving this serious problem would make it possible to consolidate once and for all stability and cooperation in the South Atlantic.
93.22. Continue with positive actions and programs aimed at guaranteeing universal education and health services of quality to its people as well as those aimed at reducing poverty (Cuba);
I'm afraid we have no credit arrangement with your company. We'll advance  deposit for your reservation.
The increased resource requirements were partially offset by reduced requirements for training consultants owing to the capacity of UNSOA to carry out its training programmes using inhouse expertise along with regional cooperation with the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the Entebbe Support Base, and the United Nations Office in Nairobi.
While the above concerns affect both men and women, research shows that women's careers suffer more frequently owing to their exclusion from informal networks and to stereotyped assumptions about women's suitability and acceptability in management roles.
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) (A/63/291)
:: Information and communication technology
E/C.2/1998/L.2
But when he went to the restaurant with his girlfriend, he was seated at a table near the door and his request to change seats was rejected.
10. The present report identifies the core human rights of victims of terrorism, elaborates the international obligations resting on States to protect those rights, and recommends that States take steps towards enshrining these rights and obligations in a specific international instrument.
Again here the Tribunal is not called upon to pass judgement on the measures adopted in that connection but simply to establish whether the breach of the Treaty provisions discussed is devoid of legal consequences by the preclusion of wrongfulness.
Distr.: General
Temporary assistance for meetings 13 840.3
Pakistan
14. The text of articles 43 and 45 on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts should be adapted, when considering the invocation of the responsibility of an international organization, in order to cover the case in which the claimant entity is either a State or another international organization.
Thirdly, it is also possible to have bilingual instruction or additional mother-tongue classes with the elements of national culture.
The Disabled Services Centre:
As the Chinese revolution continued to develop, I became more and more politically aware.
the upgrade of the software of the existing remote access system, which allows staff to access the department's computer systems through the department's intranet or the internet
He buys a decj of cards at the hotel gift shop.
An effort had also been made to implement the provisions of General Assembly resolution 50/227.
61. The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the approval of the proposed revisions to programme 2 of the medium-term plan subject to the following modifications:
Efforts to reduce and eliminate poverty are therefore a major contribution to growth.
It is with great interest that we have followed the intensive consultations he has engaged in, consultations which have allowed him to elaborate and submit to the Committee a new organizational plan of work for CTED, in conformity with paragraph 2 of resolution 1787 (2007).
Callisto
2. Activities undertaken by UNCTAD in support of Africa
Somalia 22 February 1999
One day, the Foolish Old Man of put the whole family together to discuss the removal of the two big mountains.
Technology for shaped castings in vertical centrifugal casting, including design principle and technology parameters, is described.
CRC was also concerned about the increasing number of child victims of commercial sexual exploitation, including prostitution and pornography, and recommended that Gabon implement appropriate policies and programmes to prevent this practice and for the rehabilitation and recovery of child victims.
14 (g) Social and human rights questions: human rights
In this way, a commission of inquiry can help to establish a more complete picture of how and why torture occurred by analysing not just the human, legal and political consequences of a State policy of torture but also by revealing insights into wider patterns of violations, institutional involvement and responsibility, and command responsibility, as well as provide valuable background information and leads to witnesses (see for example the Gibson Inquiry).
elevated It turns out, however, that not every man who reached the pinnacle of American leadership was a gleaming example of self-awareness, empathy, impulse control and other qualities that mark an elevated EQ.
DSW has constantly made an effort to win the corporate as well as the media sector for need to implement the Cairo program of Action as well as the work of UNFPA.
The representative also stated that a future optional protocol should not include an inquiry procedure.
China is among a select group of countries that have explicitly listed computer software as the object of protection by copyright laws.
Additional replies will be issued as addenda to the present report.
Component
REPLIES OF MEMBER STATES 26. The Commission, at its fifth session, considered the report of the Secretary-General entitled "Draft action plan on international cooperation and assistance with regard to statistical and computerized applications in the management of the criminal justice system" (E/CN.15/1996/13).
Table 3
Italy 10 July 1998
Improved procurement should lead to lower priced goods and services that are available as and when needed.
But it points out there are simple steps people can take throughout their lives to keep bones strong.
Noting with pleasure the progress in the work of the Council and the increase in the number of its resolutions adopted by consensus, she nevertheless pointed out the need for further development of preventive mechanisms.
Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Haiti
65. In addition to ongoing assistance for Rwandan journalists, the outreach programme has also produced documentaries in French, English and Kinyarwanda about some of the cases that have already been completed.
 ASSISTANCE OF THE UNITED NATIONS,
As a result, in particular, of the increase in the percentage of non-performing loans after two years of sluggish growth, the banks also adopted an extremely prudent lending policy.
Finally, he stressed the need for commitment under the NPT to be implemented in a non-discriminatory manner.
Hong Kong–United States relations
the last straw to sow one's wild oat
Thirty-fifth session
Again we realise that this was impossible humanly speaking as Sarai was barren.
She hurt my feelings.90.
Coordination questions
His international success came after a season in which the 23 - year - old enhanced his reputation in Serie A.
According to section 151a, a person who on board a ship by violence, threats or otherwise unlawfully and forcibly takes control of the vessel or otherwise interferes with its sailing shall be liable to imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years and not exceeding 21 years.
103. "The State of Qatar accepts the text of article 1 of the Convention provided that, in accordance with the provisions of Islamic law and Qatari legislation, the phrase "irrespective of their marital status" is not intended to encourage family relationships outside legitimate marriage.
The Human Rights Committee has established that administrative and disciplinary appeals cannot be considered adequate and effective remedies, not even in states of emergency.
Provides for out-of-mission charges relating to medical evacuations and Eurocontrol Services
It hurt me to think the master should be made uncomfortable by his own good deed.
The view was expressed that the role of the good offices of the Secretary-General, the role of civilian police and the need for and the impact of expeditious action should be underscored.
Note by the Secretariat*
262. The imperative of maintaining high interest rates has generally been observed by Governments.
Beveling machine is a necessary tool for the maintenance of undersea oil transportation pipeline; it could perform jobs under water and in the situation of other abominable environments.
Employing selective, performance-related and time-bound protection of infant industries while seeking to end infant industry protection as soon as possible.
 Provision was made in the cost estimates for depositioning costs of the two aircraft that were to be repatriated, namely the two YAK 40 ($50,000) and the two IL 76 ($50,000).
(c) it has assessed if the arrangement and requirement have had adverse impact on Hong Kong's image as a telecommunications hub in Asia; if it has, of the outcome?
Realistic starting point for this article: how to avoid Chinese national division and achieve national unity and harmonious development.
Shirley: Of course I know that.
(b) The declaration administered under regulation 1.1 (b) shall not prevent the close collaboration of project personnel with a Government pursuant to an agreement between that Government and the United Nations.
The Regulation on the Management and Circulation of Harmful and Hazardous Substances (No. 43 of 1999) has been superseded by the Regulation on the Management, Transportation and Circulation of Harmful and Hazardous Substances (No. 24 of 2005) to account for recent developments and the challenges of dealing with harmful and hazardous substances and as an affirmation of the Jordanian Government's desire to take all measures to help protect the environment from the dangers of unsafe circulation of such substances.
16. The Republic of Korea is committed to strengthening human rights education and training to enhance public awareness and thereby incorporate human rights into the mainstream in all sectors of society.
A. Country visits 35 - 44 12
UNMISET and UNOTIL established performance benchmarks but were not equipped to carry out rigorous performance evaluations based on substantive, technical criteria.
:: Initially, no common vision within the United Nations country team as to whether the expanded funding window funds should be used to support funding gaps for existing initiatives (within the spirit of the integrated United Nations programme) or for new initiatives, mostly joint, that would still be relevant to the outcomes
Recognizing also the need to further integrate ecosystem approaches into fisheries conservation and management and, more generally, the importance of applying ecosystem approaches to the management of human activities in the ocean, and noting in this regard the Reykjavik Declaration on Responsible Fisheries in the Marine Ecosystem, the work of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations related to guidelines for the implementation of the ecosystem approach to fisheries management and the importance of this approach to relevant provisions of the Agreement and the Code, as well as decision VII/11 and other relevant decisions of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity,
which pigeon was the fist arrive?
Hope you all can remember me, Wangqihang, a happy guy like the sunshine.
"Expressed its concern on several occasions in various international forums regarding the possibility, which has now been confirmed, that the United Kingdom had brought nuclear weapons into the South Atlantic.
As a developing country, China views debt as a critical problem.Within the framework of South-South Cooperation, we made vigorous efforts to provide debt relief to some developing countries.
The Food Price Index of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) for December 2010 broke its previous record, which had been registered in 2008 before the onset of the economic crisis.
7. With regard to the scope of action of the permanent forum, the Chairman—Rapporteur noted that there were varying degrees of acceptance of different possible functions.
36. In consequence, the onus is therefore on the Governments of Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic to move speedily towards the conclusion of a border agreement that reflects the consensus that appears to exist.
One million people are homeless.
In addition, stipulation similar to article 7 of the Convention against Torture is found in Law 6/2006, Law on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, which mandates prosecuting anyone committed crime in the Macao SAR when he is not to be surrendered.
Reiterating the Fund's continuing commitment to the United Nations reforms, she observed that, as described in chapter IV of the aforementioned document, UNFPA was actively participating in the reform process but wished to emphasize that the potential for realizing budgetary economies, as a consequence, was limited.
26. In the areas of international trade and trade negotiations, the Programme of Action calls for "supporting LDCs' efforts to strengthen their human, institutional and regulatory capacities in trade policy and trade negotiations" (para. 65, section 3a).
To this end, we must enhance the role of the IAEA, both in its control and verification capacities and in its remaining responsibilities.
He said that many developing countries would need to speed up, rather than slow down, their efforts to achieve further liberalization and globalization, noting that there had been several cases which had suggested that shock remedies were often beneficial.
The participation of women and the consideration of their needs should be a cardinal principle embedded in all local initiatives.
The Board concluded that the complainant was not credible.
Many of our readers may be able to recollect how formidable such an accusation became in the period at which our story is dated.
Ambassador
ESCAP continued to promote the Asian Highway and Trans-Asian Railway networks as the basis for an international integrated intermodal transport and logistics system.
 The Department has applied new tools for rapid response and more effective mobilization and coordination of international relief assistance in several disaster situations with positive results.
Training for members of the interministerial committee on the drafting of initial and periodic reports for United Nations human rights mechanisms;
Mr. Mohammed Gomaa (Egypt)
155. In some cases, change is promoted through civil society initiatives.
Procedures should be studied for short-term provisional release of detainees to provide for emergencies such as funeral arrangements or the terminal illness of a close relative under conditions of adequate guarantees from the detainee's country governing removal and return to detention.
In its comments on the original audit report, the Department for General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services stipulated that the above recommendation would be difficult to implement without further guidance from Member States.
But however he did not.
Prices are fixed through the relationship of and demand and in turn affect supply and demand.
Representatives of 57 of the 58 member States attended the session and their credentials were found to be in order. The Bureau so reported to the Council/Forum, which approved the Bureau's report at the 6th plenary meeting, on 9 February 2006.
---At least two yeas of experience as accountant in the international organization is a must.
114. There is a Directorate-General for literacy.
Systems Design, Process Performance, and Economic Outcomes in International Banking By: Davamanirajan, Prabu; et al
Rabbits and mice often hunt for food at night.
This film is very enlightening about the sexual conflicts which will of course arise in an environment of imposed celibacy.
While there is a need to maintain an account for each of the participating funds, these need not be actual bank accounts because OPICS could facilitate and make efficient cash management automation.
At a regional level the European Union (EU) in its Water Framework Directive has established a comprehensive framework for the protection of inland surface waters, transitional waters, coastal waters and groundwater.
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
The constant drizzle reminds people of the affinity of forefathers and respect to ancestors
Chapter VI. Enforcement of a security right (A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.57/Add.2)
The Advisory Committee was informed that it had been particularly difficult to find staff with the requisite level of seniority to serve on central review bodies at the regional commissions, which contributed to delays in the filling of posts.
20. While noting the State party's legislation protecting children from trafficking, the Committee expresses deep concern about the absence of a specific legislative framework aimed at combating trafficking of adults and about the delays in enacting the draft anti-trafficking law.
Includes manual and placards as required.
 (d) Documentation at the United Nations of the two Acts and of the announcement of their promulgation in the Iraqi official gazette.
Tuor
" That's what an ordinary returned student can appreciate, the poetry of the ehr - mao - tzu.
73. The situation in Georgia (8 October 1992; 15 June 2009).
The Azeri judicial authorities alleged that these were operatives of Hizbullah, which Hizbullah itself denied.
To address these issues, the Team of Experts on the Rule of Law and Sexual Violence in Conflict, which was established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1888 (2009), has focused its efforts on strengthening the capacity of national rule of law and justice actors, including in the specialized areas of criminal investigation and prosecution, collection and preservation of evidence, military justice system investigation and prosecution, criminal and procedural law reform, and protection of victims, witnesses and justice officials.
Finally, beyond all the technical facilities, infrastructure, equipment, software, and other components, an equally critical element of the broadband ecosystem involves people in virtually every sphere of activity. This includes skilled personnel on the supply side, from business managers and employees, to public officials and users on the demand side.
:: Advisory services to military and civilian police officials in their respective fields
Chairman: Mr. Chidyausiku (Zimbabwe)
To re-launch agriculture in the developing world would require an estimated $30 billion per year, representing 0.05% of global GDP.
Specifically, a mid-term review should be conducted by the Trade and Development Board in 2006".
What parts of the essay do not support my main argument?
Morocco
53. The distribution of electronic versions of CGE training materials, in advance of the training workshop if feasible, will enhance the achievement of the goals of the training workshops.
E/C.12/2000/SR.49
As you reach for your next goal, focus on progress only, rewarding yourself every small step of the way.
Confirm customer order date base on production schedule.
The opening of the crossing points on the Green Line has facilitated the freedom of movement of the Maronites.
Mr. Monk, Just because harold seems to be doing a little better doesn't mean it'll work for you.
Merkel acts like she's doing so much. But Germany still builds coal-burning power plants and has no speed limit.
346. The pace of economic and social developments in many countries has resulted in greater pressure on marine living and non-living resources.
Subtotal
Increased technical assistance and training were therefore needed for the implementation of post-privatization policies.
JENNY ROSS: Good morning, Geraldine.
18 March 1991(*)
We had the breakfast but did not eat any other meals, the breakfast was nicely presented for a buffet but a little over priced.
and at the seventeenth session:
Subtotal agricultural land
And is willing with the domestic and foreign merchants sincerely to cooperate the communal development, diligently develops the market, altogether will create the glorious future!
I fully agree to the arrangement and take delight in it [ take it with delight ].
Plans are under way for the convening of a special session of the General Assembly on biodiversity during the sixty-fifth session of the Assembly, in commemoration of the International Year of Biodiversity, 2010.
Prostitution is not accepted in Thai society, but viewed as an immoral occupation involving sexual promiscuity.
In this respect, its current close relationships with prosecutors in the region, its active engagement in the European Union/Tribunal project and the various information-sharing mechanisms in place are the foundations for ongoing capacity-building efforts.
Tuition is free for Caymanians at the public primary and high schools.
People of African descent comprise a heterogeneous group with diverse histories, experiences and identities.
In the name of God, the Merciful, the Compassionate
Agia Paraskevi
57. The base has experienced a significant growth in the number of staff owing to the growing demand.
Suggestions for the title to Part Two included: "Reparation and obligation of performance", "Legal consequences of international responsibility", or to refer to "legal implications" rather than "consequences".
Mrs. Yvonne Gittens-Joseph
Coming close, I became aware that the rock wasnt a rock at all
- The international community to provide the necessary financial support for the DDR process, whose effective implementation and success are prerequisites for the return to lasting peace in Burundi.
38. Spain remained concerned about the events of April 2010 and, in keeping with the 26 April conclusions of the Council of the European Union, highlighted the importance of the prompt restoration of public order under a democratic Government that fully respected the rule of law and human rights.
Zanzibar
Within the campaign for 2010 General Election the Gender Equality Agency of BiH, in cooperation with the parliamentary committees, is planning to implement a comprehensive campaign aimed at strengthening and affirmation of women as equal holders of highest offices in the legislature and the executive.
Caochong wrote down the weght of each stone and then added up all the weights.
He breathed in the water deeply, deliberately, after the manner of a man taking an anaesthetic.
Nonetheless, he suggests that what follows will serve as working definitions.
If the lender acquires an acquisition security right, the rules applicable to acquisition security rights in a unitary system apply to that acquisition security right.
The implementation of human resources action plans in the field and their planned roll-out to all field missions in July 2008 will enhance human resources planning and self-monitoring, delineate roles, responsibilities and accountabilities for human resources management in the field, and identify areas where field missions require strengthened support from Headquarters.
The following duly completed application forms and supporting documents should be submitted upon application:
While it would be preferable to have a Trade Point federation assume this role, this measure would help to reduce the administrative burden on the secretariat and ensure the continued engagement of the Government with respect to the Trade Point Programme.
More than 40 countries continue to have difficulties in ratifying the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
When the complete or partial non-observance of the international standards relating to a fair trial set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the relevant international instruments accepted by the States concerned is of such gravity as to confer on the deprivation of liberty, of whatever kind, an arbitrary character (category III).
Terms of reference for the review of the implementation of the amended New Delhi work programme on Article 6 of the Convention
It also noted Ethiopia's long-lasting record as a host country for refugees from neighbouring countries and urged it to continue cooperation with international mechanisms.
But we can never predict who have the cure for what ills us or when they'll.
Cross-border investment has risen from 34 per cent to 44 per cent of deals as buyers become more adventurous.
Dear Economist,
Analysis the second part the scope of the product for damages.
13. The Electoral Complaints Commission received 433 complaints during the campaign period, which ended on 18 August.
Remove turbocharger oil feed line.
Derogation from some Covenant obligations in emergency situations is clearly distinct from restrictions or limitations allowed even in normal times under several provisions of the Covenant.
What role should UNEP play in the energy sector in both developed and developing regions?
Siemens Energy &amp;Automation is part of a global company, and one that has decided Pennsylvania is the place to be to do business .
As such, many cases had been solved through settlement at the request of the victim, which is no longer possible as the LADV has made DV a public crime.
From a predominantly agrarian economy, Sri Lanka had gradually become a successful exporter of manufactured goods and had greatly increased its industrial production base.
In principle, members of the Bureau of the Committee could assume these functions also in the working groups.
Japan has contributed $20 million to the Peacebuilding Fund and intends to contribute actively to the work of the Commission.
He scarcely noticed that the time was passing.
Response of impact damping system in time domain was reduced on the base of vibrating system's transfer function.
37. From 26 to 28 May 2014, in Ulaanbaatar, the fifth Asia-Pacific Telecommunity cyber security forum, organized by the Asia-Pacific Telecommunity, was hosted by the national Information Technology, Post and Telecommunication Authority.
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
(d) Increase protection, including recovery and reintegration, to trafficked persons, especially women and children, who should be treated as victims and not criminalized;
In this regard in particular the European Union and its member States also recall that Security Council resolution 1593 (2005) imposes obligations to cooperate with the Court on a State not party, in this case the Sudan.
He requested the Secretary-General to ensure, within the overall budgetary framework of the United Nations, the provision of adequate staff and facilities for the bodies and mechanisms involved in combating torture and assisting victims of torture commensurate with the strong support expressed by Member States for combating torture and assisting victims of torture.
"The Ad Hoc Committee will consider these views and submit to the Housing Authority the review report for consideration and endorsement," the spokesman added.
The following illustrate the activities undertaken with regard to women workers, but gender concerns are also taken into account in all aspects of ILO activities.
30 July 2009 A letter was sent to request more specific information.
The Status of Children Act 2012, which entered into force in 2013, abolishes the legal distinction made between the status of children born within and outside marriage.
Significant business and investment opportunities had emerged for iwi (tribal groupings) thanks largely to the initiative of the Maori themselves, who knew how to develop their natural resources.
22-26 June
Women often head important delegations to international forums with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who is a woman, naturally heading many of South Africa's delegations
125 Athalassas Avenue
The United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime would convene an intergovernmental expert group in Bangkok in November 2009 to begin work in that area.
Official meetings
In the history of foreign language teaching in our country, the oral exam is an important part in teaching activities.
286. The Committee encourages the State party to ratify the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
It also considered elements on an Operational Programme (OP) on sustainable land management.
- May 2003: India Consultation on "Evergreen Revolution", Based on the findings of the Report "Human Development in South Asia 2002: Agriculture and Rural Development" under the Asia-Pacific Regional Initiative on Human Development Reports, HDRC UNDP, New Delhi.
Please accept, Sir, the assurances of my highest consideration.
This fact leads to a dilemma: growth may be unsustainable, but "degrowth" appears to be unstable too.
United Nations Economic and Social Council
Draft resolution A/C.3/66/L.68/Rev.1: Global efforts for the total elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and the comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
American channel NBC News, American journalist Ayman Mohyeldin -- 17 January 2012
Progress on the implementation of decision 1/CP.10;
In order to ensure the mission goes off without a hitch, over 30 improvements were made on the rocket ahead of its trip to Jiuquan.
** Term of offices expires on 31 December 2002.
Section II deals with the principal issues and problems that indigenous peoples are facing, which have come up repeatedly in their presentations to the United Nations and elsewhere.
However, the two sides have not yet been able to work out ad hoc arrangements for the exchange of the remains.
Further proposals for future work in the field of electronic commerce were considered by the Commission at its thirty-third session, in 2000.
11:00 to 12:30 Closed meeting Conference Room B (NLB)
Dialogue with the working group and other international mechanisms was crucial in order to protect human rights.
105. Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B (see S/2002/30/Add.3 and 28; S/2003/40/Add.3 and 29; and S/2004/20/Add.3 and 29; see also S/7913, S/7923, S/7976, S/8000, S/8048, S/8066, S/8215, S/8242, S/8252, S/8269, S/8502, S/8525, S/8534, S/8564, S/8575, S/8584, S/8595, S/8747, S/8753, S/8807, S/8815, S/8828, S/8836, S/8885, S/8896, S/8960, S/9123, S/9135, S/9319, S/9382, S/9395, S/9406, S/9427 and Corr.1, S/9449, S/9452, S/9805, S/9812, S/9930, S/10327, S/10341, S/10554, S/10557, S/10703, S/10721, S/10729, S/10743, S/10770/Add.4, S/10855/Add.15, 16, 23, 24, 29, 30, 33, 41, 43 and 44; S/11185/Add.14-16, 21, 42/Rev.1 and 47; S/11593/Add.15, 21, 29, 42 and 49; S/11935/Add.21, 42 and 48; S/12269/Add.12, 13, 21, 42 and 48; S/12520/Add.10, 11, 17, 21, 37, 39, 42, 47 and 48; S/13033/Add.2, 16, 19, 21, 23, 34, 47 and 50; S/13737/Add.15, 16, 21, 24-26, 33, 47 and 50; S/14326/Add.10, 11, 20, 24, 28, 29, 47 and 50; S/14840/Add.8, 21-25, 27, 30-33, 37, 42 and 48; S/15560/Add.3, 21, 29, 37, 42, 45, 47 and 48; S/16270/Add.6-8, 15, 20, 21, 34, 35, 40 and 47; S/16880/Add.8-10, 15, 20, 21, 41 and 46; S/17725/Add.2, 15, 21, 28, 35, 38, 43 and 47; S/18570/Add.2, 21, 30 and 47; S/19420/Add.2-4, 18, 19, 22 and Corr.1, 30, 48 and 50; S/20370/Add.4, 12, 16, 21, 30, 32, 37, 44, 46, 47 and 51; S/21100/Add.4, 21, 30 and 47; S/22110/Add.4, 21, 30 and 47; S/23370/Add.4, 7, 21, 30 and 47; S/25070/Add.4, 21, 30 and 48; S/1994/20/Add.3, 20, 29 and 47; S/1995/40/Add.4, 21, 29 and 47; S/1996/15/Add.4, 15, 21, 30 and 47; S/1997/40/Add.4, 21, 30 and 46; S/1998/44/Add.4, 21, 30 and 47; S/1999/25/Add.3, 20, 29 and 46; S/2000/40/Add.4, 15, 20, 21, 24, 29 and 47; S/2001/15/Add.5, 22, 31 and 48; S/2002/30/Add.4, 21, 30 and 50; S/2003/40/Add.4, 25, 30 and 51; and S/2004/20/Add.4, 26, 30, 35, 42 and 50).
"Politics may be tougher than ever, but Obama has wowed along the campaign trail with confidence, in polished looks that bring to mind a famous former first lady," wrote People in an apparent reference to Jacqueline Kennedy
Three days later, on 26 December, President Eisenhower instructed the CIA that “he did not wish the specifics of covert operations [against Cuba] to be presented to the National Security Council”.
Houston County, Minnesota
 Since 1987, and more openly in 1988, glasnost and perestroika breathed new vitality, a breath of spring, into the political life of the Soviet Union.
Contingent-owned equipment: major equipment and self-sustainment
The role of civil society in advocating for changes in the region has been also noteworthy.
Clinical analysis of relation between anti-cardiolipin antibodies(ACA) and pregnancy.
These processes, as well as providing acoustic isolation and a surface for finishes, also air-seal the interior.
This paper introduced the rule of selecting the type of flying shears, driving system, cutting positon and electromotors;
78. In response to questions about the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons against Enforced Disappearance (CPED), the United Kingdom said that it was keen to move towards ratification but that it did not sign international treaties unless it knew it could ratify them quickly.
22. Members of the Network are those institutions which are accredited by ICC as being in compliance with the Paris Principles.
This may be true, but in fact the time for negotiation was not ripe in 1995, in part because the CD was then focusing on the CTBT.
From the night of 22 March (Friday) to 23 March (Saturday), a cold front will reach southern China and winds over the lower atmosphere will change to northerlies then.
The following measures were implemented: (i) the establishment of a Corporate Management Plan and a multi-year planning framework setting overall priorities and performance targets; (ii) a new organizational structure with streamlined regional entities and better defined reporting lines and accountabilities; (iii) a formal system for the delegation of authority; (iv) a codification of implementation modalities for UNCDF grants; (v) more robust monitoring and oversight mechanisms.
Tunisiaa, b
It is planned that both projects will be procured in 2011.
The personal appearance and interview of the contestant is another count.
6.If only the rain would stop soon
These two have travelled through the earth. It was from the study of these that so much was learnt about the interior of the earth.
The Board launched a call for inputs regarding themes for future workshops and a more detailed programme will be developed by the secretariat for 2011.
The Committee expects nevertheless that the requirements for the development/acquisition of those systems will be reduced over time, once they are fully deployed to all peacekeeping operations (para. 119)
Niger
 According to the source, Sulejman Rrahman Mekollari and Liriam Servet Veliu are still in prison, Gani Korro has been released and Dilaver Ibrahim Dauti has escaped.
Several ministers expressed their commitment to halving the number of people living on less than US$ 1 per day by 2015.
The workmen struck for higher wages, but the factory owner soon had them at his feet.
There are many areas that Member States will need to tackle under your leadership.
16. Encourages States parties to consider limiting the extent of any reservations they lodge to the Convention, to formulate any reservations as precisely and narrowly as possible, to ensure that no reservation is incompatible with the object and purpose of the Convention and to review regularly any reservations made in respect of the provisions of the Convention, with a view to withdrawing them;
Issues of inheritance and testamentary disposition do not fall within the scope of this, except in relation to the estate of the clergy, monks and nuns.
Land is usually administered by male family heads.
6 70/90/274 – June 1990
Thursday, 17 November 2011; and
You always feel like you are learning something.
If clients are only LAN-connected，they will use the NAS as a conduit for SAN-maintained information.
Botswana
Conclusions
Whereas total social spending accounted for 51 per cent of the State budget in 2006, in the current year that figure was 54.1 per cent.
(e) To submit a report on the implementation of the present decision to the Commission at its sixtysecond session.
For the LORD heareth the poor, and despiseth not his prisoners
4. For its consideration of agenda item 11 at its reconvened forty-second session, the Commission will have before it the report of the inter-sessional working group established to elaborate guidelines to facilitate reporting on the implementation of the Global Progamme of Action adopted by the General Assembly at its seventeenth special session (General Assembly resolution S-17/2, annex) and on progress achieved in meeting the goals and targets for the years 2003 and 2008, set out in the Political Declaration (General Assembly resolution S-20/2) adopted by the Assembly at its twentieth special session (E/CN.7/1999/21).
Mr. Goledzinowski (Australia): Australia has the honour this afternoon to co-sponsor both of the draft resolutions before us today (A/64/L.18 and A/64/L.29).
Ecuador
The situation of democracy and human rights in Haiti [47]
4. It was anticipated in the statement of programme budget implications of resolution 58/244 (A/C.5/58/24) that the estimated INSTRAW Trust Fund balance would amount to $735,600 as at 31 December 2003 and that those resources would be sufficient for financing INSTRAW operations, including the salaries of nine staff (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2 or P-1 and 5 General Service) and related operating expenses through September 2004, and that an additional amount of $234,700 would be required to maintain the Institute to the end of 2004.
The European Union has offered its assistance for achieving that objective, and it calls for a solution addressing Israel's legitimate security concerns.
Although the planned acquisition of vehicles will increase in 2006/07 compared to the current period, the mission will reduce the overall projected holdings from 810 as at 30 June 2005 to 613 as at 30 June 2007.
155. Financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti.
11. The Committee recommends that children attending military schools have adequate access to independent complaints and investigation mechanisms.
Sooty bushtit
For reforms to be effective and lasting, they should reflect the actual needs of the societies concerned and should conform with a given State's stage of development.
By the time of the adoption of the present report, the initial report of Kazakhstan had still not been received.
"Recalling its earlier case law the Committee considers that although the Covenant does not require that extradition procedures be judicial in nature, extradition as such does not fall outside the protection of the Covenant.
The work is hard.
She had gone to Chelmsford upon a shopping expedition with her step-daughter
ACC also noted the actions taken by its members to bring the issue of disaster reduction to the attention of their executive bodies so as to elicit their support in the completion of the goals of IDNDR, and to consider taking a number of actions at the intergovernmental level;
need another doctor, it is open till 10 at the health center, take the pill the doctor assigned,   : can"t give you a ride due to the meeting tomorrow morning, : lost weight, two blue clothes but one with the large size
: France
China's newly revised Company Law gives a general statement about the stockholder's rights, although controversy is needed.
3. During July 1998, MINURSO identified a total of 9,054 applicants to the referendum.
UNCTAD continues to support the ongoing tripartite negotiations between China, Mongolia and the Russian Federation on a transit traffic agreement.
All of the time your dark Ones refuse to co-operate with us, we would normally wait until they recognize the futility of their actions.
24 August 2001
53. The Parliament of Tuvalu enacted the Leadership Code Act in 2006.
Larroque-sur-l'Osse
I urge the authorities to respect the right to freedom of expression and assembly enshrined in the Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Report of the Secretary-General
When I saw him, he was climbing over the fence.
But, if PSC is censorial derelict, unreasonable, ship - owner also can maintain his interest through legal measure.
From seven in the morning of the 12th, to a quarter before nine in the evening of the 21st, there were nine days, thirteen hours, and forty-five minutes.
Presentations highlighted applications in areas such as forestry, geology and mineral resources, cartography and other fields.
Luxembourg endorses the Statement of Interdiction Principles adopted on 4 September 2003 in Paris and intends to actively work towards its success.
(c) Its secretariat should carry out a comprehensive assessment of the job evaluation system after 18 to 24 months and present to the Commission for its review and approval any substantive design changes that may be required.
36. Ms. Allport (Dominica) said that although Dominica was a Catholic country, the education system promoted condom use and there were also HIV/AIDS prevention programmes.
If you are using the Development Case to define a custom process for your project congratulations are in order.
Admissibility criteria
OPEC oil prices drop to new low in three months The oil prices of The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries dropped to a new low in nearly three months .Have lost more than nine dollars from the record high of 61.37 dollars per barrel on Sept. 1
But the strategy isn't without its risks, particularly the posssibility of incurring social and political pressures as demand for the branded drugs spreads beyond the affluent patients in these countries.
Told you karma would take care of us.
Result area 3.1. Community-centred prevention
Fourth session
314. Civil society organisations criticise that safeguarding measures in the Länder are subject to varying regulations and that there is too little knowledge about which benefits and services individuals are entitled to.
The law raises serious concerns about its direct implications on basic freedom.
Continued Economic Growth
128. On 23 September 2007, I presented a summary of the outputs of the meeting of the Arab Peace Initiative Committee delegation with the Quartet to a meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs.
The Department advised that those procedures clearly specified the objectives and responsibilities of the Service.
Allegations of sexual violence, forced recruitment by the military and restrictions on freedom of movement and trade were also present in some Kayin districts.
Marius was descending this declivity at a slow pace, with his eyes fixed on the girl whom he no longer saw.
(b) Working paper on the "Interpretation of MFN Clauses by Investment Tribunals" (Mr. D.M. McRae)
For this reason they are a major predator of insects and play a key role in controlling insect numbers.
Noting with satisfaction that the Joint Convention entered into force on 18 June 2001,
XINCANG PLASTIC ARTWORK FACTORY's business can be divided into two categories : one is independently designed wooden sculpture.
I strongly urge President Saddam Hussein and the Iraqi Government to rescind its decision and resume immediate cooperation with UNSCOM and IAEA inspectors.
16. Welcomes, in that regard, the invitation by the Bretton Woods institutions to the President of the Council to participate in the meeting of the Development Committee of the Bretton Woods institutions, and notes that the participation of the President of the Council in meetings of the intergovernmental bodies of the international organizations, as appropriate, can contribute to the financing for development follow-up process;
He participated in several meetings and workshops organized by the World Health Organization including a twoday discussion on the development of indicators to monitor the implementation of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
The Board noted that the large amount of cash holding at year-end was intended mainly for programme activities to be carried out in 2012 and thereafter.
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that as at 10 November 2000, out of 27 posts (2 P-5, 1 P-4, 3 P-3, 9 P-2, 11 General Service and 1 Local level), 2 were vacant.
- A message from the Secretary-General of the United Nations, read out by Ms. Bintou Keita, Acting Resident Coordinator for the United Nations in Rwanda;
It was noted that this structure, prima facie, had the potential to reduce the arbitrary application of discretionary powers, if any, by the courts and that the effective use and implementation of sentencing guidelines would set an example of good practice.
226. No firm conclusions concerning the definition of reservations can automatically be drawn from the foregoing.
Article 6 Units or individuals shall all be obliged to abide by the laws and regulations concerning land administration and have the right to report or prosecute acts of violating land administration law and regulations.
The use of broadcasting mechanisms, particularly traditional media, must continue to be maximized as the means of providing information to illiterate populations in the countries of the South.
The servant didn't know it was special.
O'Neal Ridge
Therefore, Thailand has pursued technical cooperation with our friends in Africa, drawing on our own experiences and best practices, especially in the areas of agriculture and rural development, education and health care, including HIV/AIDS prevention and care.
Figure 1 shows UNIFEM's resources in comparison to those of selected other United Nations organizations in 2002.
Nauen
Estimate 2006-2007: 98 per cent of official documents by the Secretariat submitted on time
The activities of the Sarajevo field office have intensified during the latter part of 1997 and during 1998, particularly in relation to the increase in the number of detentions being made by SFOR and the increasing need to obtain SFOR security for missions in Bosnia and Herzegovina, including the mass grave exhumation programme.
Jason Shackell
(CERD/C/CHL/15-18)
561. It is proposed that 1 general temporary assistance position at the P-4 level in the Information and Communications Technology Audit Section be continued.
Tertiary education offers significant opportunities for cross-border linkages, knowledge generation and knowledge-sharing.
- The creation of a wilaya investment fund, in each of the country's 48 wilayas, to be used as venture capital, as needed.
UNDP support for the 2014-2024 Decade of Sustainable Energy for All includes the establishment of national targets and policy frameworks for renewable energy and development of regulatory frameworks that provide technical regulations and conditions for the installation of renewable energy generation plants and their connection to the grid.
Netrokona District
Article 19 A contractual joint venture may, within its approved scope of operation, import materials it needs and export products it produces.
Angola made a recommendation.
[15 May 2007]
The list of speakers is open.
www.un.org/webcast
It causes indirect discrimination against women who seek work as urban migrants and need to access those services for their children and parents, for whose care they bear the main responsibility.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/64/L.31
Why bother if the H5N1 virus does not usually infect humans?
Patients who could not afford medical fees can apply for a fee waiver. Applications would be assessed with consideration given to their financial, social and medical conditions on a household basis. This webpage has the details.
For example, an analysis of political factors makes it possible to consider matters as different as nationalism, colonialism, the role of political parties in incitement to racial hatred, etc.
They argue that any hint of an intention to widen or enlarge the scope of an objection to a reservation could seriously undermine the status of the treaty in the bilateral relations between the reserving party and the author of the new objection.
The Committee invited the Maritime Safety Committee to establish a working group at MSC 73 (November/December 2000), to examine fully all the measures listed and, initially, to separate the list into maritime safety and environmentally related issues.
The Advisory Committee reiterates its position that the post should not be established.
In his report on NEPAD, the Secretary-General highlights the policy measures and actions taken by African countries and institutions to implement the New Partnership for Africa's Development and acknowledges that African countries have underlined the significance that they attach to the priorities of NEPAD by earmarking financial allocations to those priorities, which also gives practical expression to the principle of African ownership.
Secretary-General on assistance in implementing the universal conventions and protocols related to terrorism (E/CN.15/2011/4)
said that top priority should be given to the provision of adequate community facilities for Tung Chung residents. He pointed out that there had been long discussion on the provision of town park, community hall and hospital, but the proposals were yet to be implemented. The request for improvement to the North-South Link was yet to be realized.
The ISEE Bridge is based on the belief that social protection is a critical means by which all stakeholders in the society can pool together collective financial, technical and intellectual resources as well as reserves of human and social capital to articulate and execute a wide range of political, social and economic actions to tackle poverty.
It is depressing enough going to the movies by yourself, said Shin Youn-joo of the company called Max Movie.
FIGX is our brand for the domestic market.
45. Dickay Kunda, an affected stakeholder from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, presented the Kilwa mining case.
According to another view, the two paragraphs could be merged, according primacy to vital human needs.
It had before it the following documents:
83. Mr. De Barros (Secretary of the Committee) said that by paragraph 6, the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to make the necessary provisions for the timely establishment of the Committee on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families referred to in article 72 of the Convention.
Sri Lanka
Does myopia compound eye have key?
The teen had a morbid fascination with violence.
The draft resolution will, if adopted, recognize the outcome of the First Biennial Meeting, act upon the recommendations of the Group of Governmental Experts, set the date and venue for the 2006 Review Conference, and guide further work on the important issue of brokering.
Almost all speakers welcomed the initiative of Jordan in coordination with the Quartet, and expressed the hope that this initiative would be the beginning of serious talks between the parties in line with the Quartet's statement of 23 September 2011.
 It emphasizes most appropriately the need for the centralized compilation of lessons learned.
Another delegation suggested studying also the best practices in other international organizations regarding media visibility.
How does your remark bear on this construction plan?
Board Camp, Arkansas
Then on the big day, the flowers and the cake didn't arrive on time.
(a) What special measure or efforts can be envisaged to achieve donor Government commitments regarding the ODA target set for at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, part of which is to be used by recipient countries to address energy and related problems?
 Through its civic missions, the military had made an invaluable contribution towards the expediting of development efforts.
204. Develop national strategies for prevention, detection and control of illegal traffic, including the strengthening of laws, judicial mechanisms, and the capacity of customs administrations and other national authorities to control and prevent illegal shipments of toxic and hazardous chemicals.
French Navy personnel
Note 3. UNEP includes one new Programme Officer.
The Secretary-General established the Office of his Personal Representative for Southern Lebanon in August 2000 in order to lend support to international efforts to maintain peace and security in southern Lebanon.
Some States were currently studying the possibility of abolishing the death penalty.
14d) In the director and higher categories
In the past two years, the Department organized 500 public ecotours; 21 public seminars; 13 beach cleanup activities; 21 school lectures; and two exhibitions attracting more than 25,000 participants.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
I think you are all very familiar with Vice-Premier Hui Liangyu, who also sat on the previous government as the premier and this time he was re-elected.
67. Draft resolutions A/C.2/51/L.9 and L.11 were withdrawn.
Limited parallel activities which do not undermine the work of the Commission session may be permissible.
28. The United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) 2008-2012 is articulated around: (a) governance; (b) economic growth and poverty reduction; and (c) social protection and human development.
In certain cases, the external or internal coach was not being vetted suitability or experience.
In effect, this has meant a relative shift in taxation away from corporations to personal income, from higher incomes to lower and middle incomes, from profits to wages and from direct taxes to consumption (e.g., value added tax), in short from capital to labour.
One specific proposal was to set up a contact group, somewhat akin to the 15-member Bureau of the Preparatory Committee for the International Conference on Financing for Development.
The Committee urges CONARE to resolve all outstanding asylum applications, in conformity with the Presidential Order of October 2012, and to issue residence permits to refugees recognized by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
(f) Technical assistance
The obligation to ensure requires States to take positive measures to ensure that State authorities and third parties cannot violate a person's rights.
1 I want a package deal including airfare and hotel
Chairman of the Working Group
As you gather up the broken china, your teenage son calls to remind you he needs a ride to the math tutor's house in less than an hour.
At the same time, it is acknowledged that solutions require long-term institutional capacity building.
i would never pay that much for a bottle of mineral water but a lot of people would
1:44 Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter
4 A/AC.253/7.
Apartheid was conceived in deceit and violence, but it ended in truth and reconciliation.
At the beginning of 2003, the reserve fund amounted to $219,000.
Chad's request is for three years, until 1 January 2014.
Mother
With regard to the individuals named on the Committee's sanctions list, the Group reported that it was liaising regularly with the Ministry of Justice and, in particular, that it was investigating new bank accounts in Côte d'Ivoire of former President Gbagbo and a possible breach of the travel ban by Martin Fofié.
Liberty at sixty cents a day set presently its stamp upon the government of our cities, and it became the scandal and the peril of our political system....
World Health Day
However hard they had tried, their endeavours to mobilize domestic resources for development financing had remained inadequate, primarily owing to an insignificant increase in ODA and failure to attract foreign direct investment because of high transportation costs, a narrow resource base and small domestic markets.
LL: Well, some of my co-workers have said that someone in our office is being considered for a promotion, but they don't know who
Those who know your name will trust in you, for you, LORD, have never forsaken those who seek you.
The idea of a Calvinistic Evangelist would not have struck anyone as surprising in the 16th, 17th, 18th, or 19th Century.
The Hang Seng index closed 1.3 per cent lower at 23,023.86 and the main sub-index of mainland companies listed in the territory was 1.4 per cent lower at 12,522.89.The list of worst-performing stocks was dominated by mainland companies.
Taday the sky is blue, and we are so spirit! We welcome the sports meeting, and we want to have this big meeting!
Say for the office worker of the typical model, "go shopping" is the stanza day off of again one important activity.
Specifically, the Secretary-General requested a review of major support services as a measure to strengthen existing common services and to expand the provision of services on a consolidated basis where this can result in more effective and efficient services.
I love going to live gigs. Are there any good local bands playing around here that you'd recommend?
The mandate entrusted to UNAMSIL under the terms of Security Council resolution 1270 (1999) was to cooperate with the Government of Sierra Leone and other parties in the implementation of the peace agreement, to assist the Government in the implementation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration plan, to establish a presence at key locations, to ensure security and freedom of movement of United Nations personnel, to monitor adherence to the ceasefire agreement, to encourage and support the creation of confidence-building mechanisms, to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian assistance, to support the operation of United Nations civilian officials and to provide support, as requested, for the constitutional elections.
The organization has committed itself to promoting ratification of the Convention, or at least a process on the labour rights of domestic workers in combination with other civil society actors.
In Geneva, I acknowledged the importance of proposals from China and the Russian Federation on preventing the weaponization of outer space and called attention to the elements of a ground-breaking instrument for halting the production of fissile materials for weapons purposes proposed by the United States of America.
Option B:
Trachemys
It further specifies, inter alia, that States and regional fishery organizations, when confronted with an overcapacity problem which undermines the achievement of long-term sustainability outcomes, should endeavour to limit initially at existing level and progressively reduce the fishing capacity applied to affected fisheries.
37. Under the Constitution of Kenya, 2010, the Constitution is the supreme law of the land.
Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Plan of Action for the Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People
However, reliable victim surveillance systems still do not exist in MONUC to determine victim rates.
We have less than 30 minutes until this pipe is flooded with water again.
Many speakers emphasized the important role of the partnerships.
The situation has continued to be stable in Eastern and South-Eastern Europe, with the composite score remaining stable at close to the 10 per cent level.
A . It is red. Red is my favorite color.
Draft resolutions/decisions were prepared and adopted by the Fifth Committee
Brochure entitled "The situation of women with disabilities in accommodation facilities providing assistance for people with disabilities in Hesse" (Hesse)
But now there has been an even more dramatic shift from 'smoke-free to smoker-free workplaces, ' as the Times termed it.
Addendum
For extreme diseases, extreme methods of cure, as to restriction, are most suitable.
7 December 2009
To satisfy the need that business increases quickly, the 2 nd period project.
The General Assembly reaffirmed in resolutions 43/131 and 45/100 that "the abandonment of the victims of natural disasters and similar emergency situations without humanitarian assistance constitutes a threat to human life and an offence to human dignity".
Mr. Rochester often spoke of it, and sometimes went there.
Adoption of the agenda
Trinidad and Tobago
6. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to ensure the provision to the Conference on Disarmament of adequate administrative, substantive and conference support services;
So you think you can stop me and spit in my eye? So you think you can love me and leave me to die?
What's the packing for the 5k cooler bags?
There was an obvious papilla in distal side of a pollen. [Conclusion]The study was benefit for the improved varieties production.
The final verdict was inspiring. Irene was set free.
The archives of regional organizations, intergovernmental bodies and third countries are important for addressing human rights violations.
Effective encoding technologies to obliterate redundance and retain the image quality are the focus of research.
Social Welfare Profession
Owing to the serious depression of trade now prevailing, we shall be unable to meet our acceptance for $1,500, which matures for payment on the 18th Oct.
Kamianske
You don't have to suffer migraines alone in your bed in a dark bedroom anymore.
Behold, a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.
said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry's.Harry picked up the top parcel
Well, thank you very much for helping me.
With the support of the International Organization for Migration (IOM), 186 trafficking victims sought and received assistance and were repatriated to their home countries.
Royal Bank Plaza
In computer security, an intruder detector comprising a support with a matrix of foil or fine wire.
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 68/271 of 13 May 2014 on the scope and modalities of the comprehensive review and assessment of the progress achieved in the prevention and control of non-communicable diseases to be held on 10 and 11 July 2014,
Observers for the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) attended the session.
The dispute over the voters list has created a crisis of confidence and polarized not only the main political actors but also the population.
33. The estimated useful life for the various classes of property, plant and equipment is as follows:
In order to achieve this aim, Rexam Glass produced the new 33cl bottle in flint glass and featured an embossed X on the front.
<www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/index.html>
64. The expected increased financial and technological resources to support developing countries in enhancing adaptation and mitigation actions will be instrumental for this broader approach in the coming years, benefiting both the UNCCD and the UNFCCC processes.
The parliamentary elections were not held because of a disagreement between the governing party, the Rassemblement du peuple de Guinée (RPG), and the main opposition party, the Union des forces démocratiques de Guinée (UFDG), over the timetable for legislative elections and related issues.
Beijing University of Foreign Studies, bachelor's degree
(g) Ensure that performance appraisals are completed for all staff of the Fund on a timely basis.
[3 March 2010]
2. At the same meeting, the observer for Qatar made a statement on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China.
Illustration 19-2: A supplier of diesel generators receives a large Internet order from an overseas buyer.
If these ideas include threatening content, then they might be punishable as a crime of intimidation.
Name Country of nationality
The move comes as the government is speeding up the implementation of the plan to relocate the capital, which it says is the only way to solve the chronic centralization of the country.
55/285, annex, para. 17
Organization of the Conference
His first client was the U. S. Army, which tapped him to build an administrative headquarters at Fort Bragg.
On paper, the EU has clear rules on the matter: under the so-called Dublin Regulation, the first EU country that asylum seekers enter is responsible for examining their applications.
Yes, I do. We're a bad match.
In the future, the Chinese government will continue to earnestly execute its international obligations in this regard, enhance its cooperation with various countries and international organizations with a more active, open attitude, andjoin hands with them in promoting the establishment of a sound system and environment favorable for IPR protection worldwide.
(c) Promoting support for the fellowship programme within specific fields such as the study of soil sciences and sustainable land management, by seeking to secure fellowships at, and with the support of, various institutions that offer such courses;
2. Force œcuménique pour la libération du Congo
McCain continues to pound Democrat Barack Obama on the issue of taxes and continues to question Obama's readiness to be commander in chief.
Tai Po District Environmental Hygiene Office (New Territories East)
EXE in order to report the Used Packages ( Deployment Analysis ).
Perhaps the present concern with the values of liberal arts education portends an intellectual anemia.
Fears the U.S. economy is on the brink of slipping back into recession have rattled stock markets, helping to dampen business and consumer confidence.
These figures prove that the Chinese Government including the Beijing Municipality has been providing the normal registration for French companies and investment.
41. From 10 to 14 November 2009, OHCHR and UNDP organized a workshop for the Ombudsman of Kyrgyzstan on complaints procedures.
The review shall be carried out in the light of:
The project provides funding for encounters between senior government officials, academics, the private sector, civil society, and regional and international development partners, where the establishment of broad guidelines and a framework for promoting and harmonizing information and communication technology adoption and use for development was discussed.
The place burnt like fire, and the poison entered into his blood
7. The report should be read bearing in mind that preparations for the International Year of Volunteers were at an advanced stage when the United Nations Millennium Declaration was adopted by all Member States in September 2000.
:: Verification approaches should be designed to enable the parties to an agreement to monitor compliance and detect and collect evidence of possible non-compliance before that non-compliance threatens the core security objectives of the agreement;
(h) Continue to strengthen public provision of early childhood education, in particular in rural areas, and increase the number of trained preschool teachers, and raise awareness amongst parents about the value of early childhood education;
Article 2 The term "sensitive items and technologies" as mentioned in the present Measures shall refer to any of the items and technologies as described in the name lists attached to the Regulation of the People''s Republic of China on Controlling the Export of Dual-purpose Nuclear Products and Affiliated Technologies, the Regulation of the People''s Republic of China on Controlling the Export of Guided Missiles and Affiliated Items and Technologies, the Regulation of the People''s Republic of China on Controlling the Export of Dual-purpose Biological Products and Affiliated Equipments and Technologies, and the Measures for Controlling the Export of Relevant Chemical Products and Affiliated Technologies.
I just, I would be more comfortable an experienced surgeon.
By addressing the issue of precautions in attack (instead of focusing on targeting), it is possible to focus on the circumstances which need to be taken into consideration before an attack is launched, whereas a focus on targeting implies a need to consider whether a specific target is legitimate or not.
It is also grateful for the dialogue held with the State party's delegation, headed by Mr. Manuel B. Dengo, Permanent Representative of Costa Rica to the United Nations Office at Geneva.
Rose Chelimo
The expert workshop was held in Geneva on 15 and 16 December 2009.
Methods Five cases of hepatic angiomyolipoma were studied by clinical data, light microscopy and immunohistochemistry.
98 I don''t know whether you care to answer right away.
African governments should create and strengthen linkages by developing and improving workforce skills, as well as raising the absorptive capacity of local firms, for example, through the imposition of technology transfer requirements on FDI.
It was further suggested by one speaker that the Working Group should be consulted on planning and research undertaken in relation to the preparation of future knowledge products.
Ghana had submitted the candidature of its Auditor-General in the firm conviction that he had the qualifications, skill and experience needed to discharge his functions with distinction.
We CAN make these things here; China is more a copier than an innovator.
Article 1. Right of self-determination
United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire
The UNCITRAL Secretariat will continue its dialogue with the European Commission with a view to avoiding conflicts between the Convention and any future European Commission instrument on the matter.
That represents a profound change in Europe’s financial environment, which Greek politicians, along with many economic analysts, still fail to understand.
T PV
(13) The Committee recognizes the difficult situation arising from the internal armed conflict in the Philippines and that the State party is faced with a long-lasting insurgency.
Statement by the President
Participation of experts and exchange of information at bilateral or multilateral meetings on techniques and methods for the forgery of identity papers, passports, visas, residence permits, etc.
Shall we go for a ride on a horse?
1. Session 4: Discussion on the compilation document: Structure and format of the zero draft of the outcome document (continued)
58. China participates in the East Asian Seas Action Plan (1981) and the North-West Pacific Action Plan (1994).
Switzerland: Handelsgericht des Kantons Zürich; HG930634
Hi,peter bishop,he was brought in about an hour ago.
12. Chapter I of Part Three of the articles on the responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts includes some procedural rules of a general character.
45. Such information must be timely, diverse (comprising information on rainfall, vegetation, specific crops and average scenarios) and presented in an appropriate form.
As was the case for the biennium 2010-2011, the consolidated budget for the biennium 2012-2013 for UNODC focuses on the general-purpose resources of the two funds.
Ms. Martínez (Director, New York Office, United Nations Human Settlements Programme) said that, as the United Nations agency that worked on human settlements, the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) was focused on linking policies and regulations to action on the ground in urban areas.
4. Following the World Conference, the High Commissioner for Human Rights established within her Office an anti-discrimination unit to combat racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to promote equality and non-discrimination.
64. The Committee recommends that the State party amend its legislation to include the concrete recognition of both parents in the upbringing and development of the child, as well as investigate and submit to the Committee disaggregated information relating to the benefits, progress, and difficulties encountered in the measures relating to child development and upbringing.
The main causes are that the internal control system is not perfect, and that the external supervision is weak.
 Various bodies and institutions have been set up in some countries to deal with emergency situations and help with rehabilitation and reconstruction.
Members of the Council expressed their concern about the security situation in Afghanistan, and stressed the importance of the efforts made by the Government of Afghanistan in security capacity-building, and civil and economic reconstruction.
- Global human resources and health issues, with the International Labour Organization (ILO), the Hygiene Section of the League of Nations, then the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS);
I do forgive you, Hester, replied the minister, at length, with a deep utterance, out of an abyss of sadness, but no anger.
Statements were also made by the representatives of Serbia, Finland (on behalf of the European Union), Albania and Ukraine.
11. It is against that background that the new social policy is being implemented, through the establishment of varied programmes and the promotion of measures enabling the objectives of social justice and cohesion to be achieved more fully, and at a lower cost than would be possible under the welfare State.
If you have any question,please don't hestitate and contact me in a minute.
“If they detract from, or negate or undermine the multilateral trade system, then I think we've got a problem on our hands.”
One's mistress does wrong to laugh. That encourages one to deceive her
A method to evaluate spatial  straightness  errors adopting particle swarm optimization ( PSO ) is proposed.
When reacting to minor everyday pain, the child expresses discomfort but does not overreact.
States concerned shall, by such means as are appropriate, provide the public likely to be affected by an activity within the scope of the present articles with relevant information relating to that activity, the risk involved and the harm which might result and ascertain their views.
In the Bikindi case, both parties appealed from the trial judgement rendered on 2 December 2008.
In addition, the biological carbon can replace the man-made nitrogenous fertility.
34 G
Staff development programmes train persons working with children to involve them in programme planning as befits their age and maturity.
He devoted all his life to this painstaking job.
Of the total number, 55 per cent suffer from poor vision and 45 per cent are blind.
Such has been the evolution on these multiple axes, that the point has been reached where it is unreasonable to run the Organization and expect the best use of funds and high-quality results, without the renewal that will bring processes, procedures, skills and systems up to levels that are considered minimal in the private and other public sector environments.
Reporting on procedures for the adoption of the national budget (art. 9, subpara. 2 (a)), the Philippines referred to relevant provisions of the 1987 Constitution.
List of panellists per regions
S/2004/374
The Board expressed its gratitude and thanks for all donations to the Voluntary Fund, including the support from OHCHR and Member States, which manifests their confidence in the work of the Board of Trustees.
(a) To collect existing information, in particular from within the United Nations system, on massive and serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law of ethnic and racial origin that, if not prevented or halted, might lead to genocide;
SimEarth, yet another god game tongue in cheek, as " the ultimate experience in planet management. "
Fifty-second session
Atonfack Guemo, Cyrille
73. At the same meeting, statements were made by the representatives of the Russian Federation, New Zealand, the Sudan, the Republic of Korea, Cuba, Mexico, the United States, the Plurinational State of Bolivia, Canada, Pakistan, Turkey, France and Japan.
All of these complaints were lodged by women who reported that they had been victims of sexual harassment by male staff members of the University.
Trinidad and Tobago
We would like to express our thanks to our fellow sponsors, and we very much hope that the draft resolution will be embraced by the wider membership of the General Assembly.
OK, let's go find an Earth Sigil or whatever.
The U.S. auto industry is an oligopoly, because there are only three main producers
Depending on the views received from the public during the planning application process, we expect that the processing of the planning application for this project will be completed in the third quarter of 2009.
Foam acidizing is used on carbonate reservoirs because it is more retarded and has better fluid - loss control than normal acid.
Cuba could not accept arbitrary reinterpretation of the letter and spirit of the decisions of the General Assembly.
I've lost people close to me.
297. In this sixtieth anniversary year of the United Nations, it is important to recognize the many achievements of the Organization since its founding in San Francisco in 1945.
The quorum of an investigation committee and the procedure for the conduct of its business are provided in Rule 73A of the Rules of Procedure.
Canada
Train fault diagnosis system is one of the effective methods to ensure the normal running of trains and to avoid catastrophic accidents.
Metrics from Google Analytics revealed that the majority of visits to Teamworks originate in New York.
United Nations Logistics Base
Judicial sentences of corporal punishment for children are lawful in 41 States; where sentencing is based on Sharia law, women and girls from the age of puberty can be ordered to undergo cruel punishment, including flogging.
"The General Assembly,
I suppose it's cheaper.
We hope that the United Nations can rise to the challenge of finding a way through the current impasse with respect to the Security Council.
IV. Support provided by the United Nations system
Parliament can play an important role in ensuring that rights-based approaches would be taken into account in the national budget.
First Conference of the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V on Explosive Remnants of War: on 5 November 2007;
As noted, however, the Panel finds that only 659 million barrels of the 706 million barrels alleged in this claim element would have been sold as refined oil products; the remaining 47 million barrels would have been sold as crude oil.
All the time the dual working of my mind distracted me almost to the point of insanity.
Sophia wouldn't be such damned fool as to love that South Seas Islander!
He parted with us at the end of the trip.
(ii) The number of actions taken by subsidiary bodies of the Economic and Social Council to better coordinate their response to policy documents of the Council
353. In response to the Division’s request to intergovernmental organizations to identify in their contribution to the report “matters which require further action and any related recommendations”, OSPAR stated:
PCNICC/2000/L.1/Rev.1
511. In paragraph 94, the Board recommended that UNFPA review purchase orders that are open for long periods and to close all purchase orders as soon as the goods/services had been received.
I know you won't, she remarked, half truthfully.
Sales contract interrupted before shipment (Iraq):Contract price less saved costs
1.3.4 Adoption by the Parliament of a national land reform programme to resolve conflicts over land ownership proposed and adopted by Parliament
Review of the technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
h. Commission on Sustainable Development.
WwW. zIdiR. coM As a superstructure of the social system, audit system is an important component.
Secondly, the team of classifiers applied the system to a sample of 205 posts drawn from organizations of the common system; the confirmation rate ranged from 92 to 100 per cent when the system was applied against the Tier II Standards and from 86 to 90 per cent when tested against the sample of posts.
Noting with satisfaction the interest that the Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean has manifested to promote mechanisms of cooperation and consultation in other nuclear-weapon-free zones,
At present publicity and education on human rights have been included in national education and vocational training.
Total liabilitiesc
I note, in particular, the possibility of maintaining the 17 goals and rearranging them in a focused and concise manner that enables the necessary global awareness and implementation at the country level.
Here were these rooms. Here was Drouet, pleading for her to remain.
I got myself a new suit.
But there is evidence of diminishing returns in an area perhaps more vital to the country's economic dynamism: science and technology.
Taxonomy/Tritonioidea
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to the representative of Bahrain.
Between January and October 2010, the Ministry of Human Rights and Gender registered 1,727 rape cases.
RusAl's share, %
In decision XV/15, the Meeting of the Parties encouraged the Parties to forward data on consumption and production of ozone-depleting substances preferably by 30 June each year, rather than by 30 September, as required by paragraph 3 of Article 7 of the Montreal Protocol.
Early in the decade, the region saw a population explosion as more than 1,000 people a month moved to Bentonville, Rogers and several nearby communities to work for Wal-Mart or one of its 1,250 locally based suppliers.
Monthly report to the United Nations on the operations of the Kosovo Force
It was concluded that endosulfan is not genotoxic (JMPR, 1998).
If the disorder has multiple causes, then there should be multiple treatments.
The meat production looks to further increase.
4 Gibraltar Chronicle, 28 February 2002.
This process can be enhanced by removing barriers to universal, ubiquitous, equitable and affordable access to information, which hinder the bridging of the digital divide, particularly those that impede the full achievement of the economic, social and cultural development of countries and the welfare of their people, especially youth, in particular in developing countries.
H.E. Mr. Feodor Starčević
The father redeemed his pledge that he would take his family to the seaside this summer.
Objective:To explore the clinical effect of Yishen Jiangu decoction in senile osteoporosis treatment.
I mean, she's with someone else.
It aims to promote output growth, contain inflation and central government budget deficits, strengthen international reserves and continue support for structural reforms in the public enterprise sector.
Come stand a little bit closer
The International Labour Organization (ILO) has provided assistance to African countries in strengthening administrative capacities, especially to ministries of labour, in creating transparent procedures and practices with regard to developing relevant labour-market data.
Underline the usefulness of involving young people in the development of forward-looking national, regional and international strategies and in policies to fight racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;
Class 9 - Miscellaneous dangerous goods and articles
Both the budget and the scale are adopted by consensus by the COP.
12 September 1993
They overflew the Salman, Basrah, Qal`at Sukkar, Amarah, Hayy, Ashbajah, Shatrah, Rifa`i, Taqtaqanah, Shinafiyah, Najaf, Jalibah, Afak and Lasaf areas.
 407. The Committee recommends that Iceland incorporate the Convention in national law.
As the core business, traditional brokerage business model falls into dilemma these years.
Agenda item 132: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations
Of equal concern are reports of increases in the number of Congolese refugees in Uganda and the displacement of the population caused by reported attacks in Orientale Province by LRA, FRPI and other armed groups in North Kivu.
One Oblivious Transfer ( OT ) based DAA protocol is presented and analyzed.
i just don't see  the point of us having these abilities  when we don't even use them.
The distribution of PS posts in the Field is set out, by operation, in Table 11.
GUARD pulls a sharpened screwdriver out of a mattress, shoots a nasty look at the CON responsible.
45. Over the last 30 months, the Entity has institutionalized its relationship with civil society with the establishment of a global civil society advisory group in 2012, which today includes 30 groups at the regional and national levels.
The use of air transport has increased the timeliness and the quality of food deliveries to the troops.
There are eyewitness reports of two casualties and they've taken hostages.
These factors shape the constraints under which women can work for land rights.
(b) Non-formal education for young girls outside the school system;
American coffee is usually lightly roasted and often served very weak.
Among other things, it maintains a strong focus on the dialogue between users and producers of statistics.
NPA
"You must ask yourselves: Whose security do nuclear weapons guarantee?
64. In 2005, Novatek, the second-largest natural gas company in the Russian Federation working in the autonomous district of Yamal-Nenetz, designed a socio-economic programme for and with the Nenetz peoples affected by its activities, drawing on meetings with community members and leaders.
(d) whether the Government will consider amending the legislation to make it mandatory for drivers aged 50 or above to undergo physical examination upon renewal of their driving licences; if so, of the details ?
153. Limited capacity on gender analysis of sex-disaggregated data remains a constraint.
The distorted practice of this custom is spreading in this part of the island and preventing women from being treated in the same way as other women who are not members of the Tsimihety community.
Demographics of Turkey
Notwithstanding the requests of the Bureau of the CST and the Bureau of the COP, the secretariat could not obtain the funding arrangements necessary to conduct Phase 2.
 "4. Condemns the ongoing violence in Rwanda, particularly in Kigali, which endangers the lives and safety of the civilian population;
DMFAS consultants provided training in debt management over a 27 - week period to seven African countries (Algeria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Gabon and Sudan).
Don't worry about the money, that will come with time.
When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the paralytic, "Take heart, son; your sins are forgiven. "
Provisional agenda
The reports of commissions may also provide analysis, information and incentives for the economic reintegration of victims of rights violations, and the identification of geographical areas or communities that were particular targets of violence, which often coincide with marginalized groups and regions.
New Zealand's biggest company, it has an annual turnover of NZ$19.5 billion
At most time, espcially in public, he always shows easy simle and turn to be kind.
Analytical models incorporate growth, mortality rates and information on fecundity, but they are used mostly in developed-country fisheries in high latitudes.
The two entities have a good working relationship, but as long as they remain separate, there is no structural mechanism to guarantee the coherence of the judicial strategy.
65. Since the presentation of the initial report to the Committee at its 516th, 517th and 523rd sessions on 10 and 13 July 2001, several legislative measures have been adopted to combat discrimination against women and its manifestations.
Objective To discuss the diagnostic value of ultrasonography in patients with incomplete abortion after medication termination.
The organization was founded in 1995 but started operation in 1996 and was registered in October 2002.
Everyone in this room captures it perfectly.
On 15 and 17 January 2002, my Special Representative brought the two sides together for direct talks on the situation in the Kodori Valley.
Table 1
To ensure the success of the Conference the preparatory work should be started immediately.
202. We agree to promote international cooperation and partnerships, as appropriate, and information exchange, and in this context we welcome the United Nations Decade on Biodiversity, 2011-2020, for the purpose of encouraging active involvement of all stakeholders in the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, as well as access to and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from the utilization of genetic resources, with the vision of living in harmony with nature.
However, the flexibility and means to attend conferences or other United Nations meetings by some of its members is very much dependent on their personal financial circumstances.
Save thy people, and bless thine inheritance: feed them also, and lift them up for ever.
General Service
The Special Reserve Fund established by the Council under the International Cocoa Agreement, 1993, shall be transferred to this Agreement for the purpose set out under paragraph 1.
 This ought not to overwhelm us, but should rather inspire us to work more determinedly together for the good of all.
Welcoming further the collaboration between the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, and taking note of the Kyiv Declaration on Women's Health in Prison,
1. Followup to the Indonesian-Swiss country-led initiative: developing guidelines for environmentally sound management
Special forces of Germany
The remaining 4 per cent of civilian casualties were unattributed and were caused mainly by explosive remnants of war.
Comoros
The Director-General serves as the Designated Official for the security and safety of the United Nations system in Kenya.
Here has been the devil and all to do.
Denmark*
The Swedish Rädda Barnen organization, working in conjunction with the University of Sana`a, ran a study involving a sample of 1,000 child workers.
You can just sit here with me.
Discussions about the history of the slave trade and slavery in the United Republic of Tanzania were led by the Centre's Information Officer.
It was currently endeavouring to translate those principles into practical action at field level, although that at times generated some strains at the government level.
The outcome resembles a Shakespeare comedy of confused identity.
I just tell you take care of it when you type.
Chongqing Machinery Import & Export Co. Ltd. v. Yiu Hoi & Others Trading as Tin Lee Ship Builders & Trading Co.
In that respect, on 23 October 1996 the Mexican Government enacted a law to protect trade and investments from foreign regulations that contravene international law.
The deal was also a measure the weakened state of America's auto industry.
Toyota last month rented a ship to store up to 2,500 vehicles due to limited space at Sweden's Malmo vehicle port.In the U.S., the monthly decline in vehicle sales accelerated for the last three months, falling 41% in February from a year earlier
One cannot argue that if the Conference secretariat had more staff, then negotiations would commence.
A: I need to open this jar.
42. Structurally, the Legislative Chamber consists of committees and commissions.
195. Fatal occupational accidents must be reported to the Labour Inspectorate.
The Arctic
The project's outputs reflect the diversity of the activities undertaken.
It's right here, it's in my pocket.
9. Notes that, at its eleventh meeting, held on 11 October 2013, the Committee of Signatories of the Nouméa Accord, inter alia:
11-21 February 2014
S/Agenda/5268 Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
As a result of the fact that Hamas is classified as a terrorist organization by both the United States and the European Union, the United States Treasury has decided to prohibit transactions with the Palestinian Authority.
122. This programme offers training for the personnel of enterprises, both at the operative level and at the supervisory and management level within the framework of the ongoing improvement of national output; it helps to upgrade individual skills and boost the country's competitiveness in the light of the demands of globalization.
1. Article 5 of the United Nations Model Double Taxation Convention between Developed and Developing Countries (hereinafter referred to as the "UN Model") is based on Article 5 of the OECD Model Tax Convention (hereinafter referred to as the "OECD Model") but contains several significant differences.
Acknowledging the work done by intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations in compiling information on the scale and complexity of the problem of trafficking, in providing shelters for trafficked women and children and in effecting their voluntary repatriation to their countries of origin,
"He let us write our own lines for a more accurate representation," said Capt. Mitchell Mayes, a 552nd Training Squadron instructor air weapons officer.
Stereotypes
Consultations are held later in the session, so that proposals are submitted and adopted towards the end of the completion of the work of the Committee rather than immediately following the debate on the item.
The rules and normative documents formulated by the municipal government shall be published in full text on the municipal government bulletin within 20 workdays after they are promulgated.
CRC strongly recommended that Tunisia enforce, or, when appropriate, review existing legislation and investigate in an effective way reported cases of torture and ill-treatment of children.
Sunbilla
B. Origin and evolution of strategic planning in the United Nations system
Labaroche
[lxxxvi] The contracts had been formally concluded at the time of Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait, although work pursuant to two of them had not yet commenced.
Marketing gurus Philip p. m. said, marketing is at fit time, fit location, place the product sells to the right person.
Absolutely intolerable is the distribution of such a film in the U.S., as it is the most undisguised terrorism and an act of war to deprive the service personnel and people of DPRK of their mental mainstay and bring down its social system.
Addendum
The previous advances in education and literacy have been completely reversed over the past 10 years.
11.6. Members of parliament, the scientific community, religious leaders and others in influential positions are invited to help promote awareness of population and sustainable development issues and to support appropriate ways of dealing with those issues.
84. Among its other activities, DPI also holds information briefings for students and NGOs, both at the Secretariat and at outside locations, some of which have focused specifically on racism, discrimination and intolerance.
1. Reaffirms that the Palestine refugees are entitled to their property and to the income derived therefrom, in conformity with the principles of equity and justice;
XIII
In the end they will beat you.
11.7. A coordinated strategic approach to information, education and communication should be taken in order to maximize the impact of various information, education and communication activities that may be undertaken on several fronts with diverse audiences.
Recalling also the statements made by the members of the Special Committee present at the 2012 Pacific regional seminar and the clarification made by the Secretariat regarding United Nations procedures in that regard,
They will fight tyranny to the death.
A total of 74 candidates from the 2007 examinations were successful: 15 have been placed and 10 of the remaining 59 candidates on the roster are in the process of being recruited.
This is possibly because of the eye shape present upon these feathers i.e. the Evil-Eye associated with wickedness.
Group of Latin American and Caribbean States
With regard to the suggestion, contained in the commentary to draft articles 25 and 26, of wrongfulness arising even in the case of conduct taken by the State within the framework of the organizations, IMF again draws the Commission's attention to the preceding general comments and to its comments on draft article 15.
75. Forced displacement, statelessness and complex migratory movements will remain prominent global issues for the foreseeable future.
China squad 2014 FIVB Women's World Championship
The sponsors are listed in documents A/C.1/60/L.48 and A/C.1/60/INF/2, as reissued.
Figure 3
At present, the research in theory and practice of acceptance of bribes has been done a lot in China, some of which are quite useful discussions and careful research.
 In that sense, financial resources for the achievement of the objectives of this draft Programme of Action cannot be separated from, and must be an integral part of, financial resources for overall development.
We have no fight between us now.
Human rights questions: draft resolution A/54/L.84 [116]
As mandated by the General Assembly as well as by our respective commissions, all of the regional commissions have been closely involved in the financing for development process, at both the preparatory and follow-up stages of the Monterrey Conference.
The better organized workers are, and the more urbanized a society is, the more likely it is that Governments will be pressured to supplement the price of staple foods (such as maize flour) and be less reluctant to withdraw food subsidies, even when they are under severe budgetary constraints and World Bank structural adjustment programmes.
82. An analysis was made of the extent to which shortfalls in core contributions by group B countries in either one of the scenarios set out above could be covered by those countries switching existing non-core contributions to core contributions.
Japan heartily supports its admission to the membership of the United Nations.
The doctor also comforts: " yes brother, miss a point, the earthworm is after you! "
Britons, meanwhile, are adopting the prom at its most traditional, with prom queens and kings and professional photographers favoring pastel backdrops
Recognizing that international economic and financial crises have shown dramatically the vulnerability of developing countries;
"Science in the Public Service" Campaign Newsletter (November 2006).
UNFPA continues to work closely with the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to support HIV prevention and gender awareness for peacekeepers.
14. The Intergovernmental Group of Experts is required to report to the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues.
A majority of the States Parties to the Convention participating in the Conference shall constitute a quorum.
11. In the process of decolonization, and where there are no disputes over sovereignty, there is no alternative to the principle of self-determination, which is also a fundamental human right.
Submission of recommendations and other proposals
Are you feeling desperate?
Rated a major success.
15. Reiterates the importance of the revival and accelerated advancement of negotiations of the peace process on the basis of relevant United Nations resolutions, including Security Council resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973), 425 (1978), 1397 (2002), 1515 (2003), 1544 (2004) and 1850 (2008), the Madrid Conference, the principle of land for peace, the Arab Peace Initiative and the Quartet road map, as well as compliance with the agreements reached between the Government of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, the representative of the Palestinian people, in order to pave the way for the establishment of the independent Palestinian State and the achievement of a just, lasting and comprehensive peace settlement;
So far the project has substantially increased the rate of the rural population with access to drinking water from 14 per cent in 1994 to 55 per cent at the end of 2003.
After this the second son went into the forest, and his mother gave him, like the eldest, a cake and a bottle of wine.
Objective To study the effect of nantong capsule on hemorheological parameters and platelet aggregation.
beyond the white mountains, And I'm going to give you this.
In addition, the Government, through its various agencies, is offering women the same family benefit entitlement and eligibility for loans that are available to men.
Meanwhile, the Chinese government hopes that OHCHR and various treaty bodies will continue to strengthen exchange and dialogue with states parties and try to achieve consensus by extensively seeking the views of states parties.
It has been troubled by Taobao, second largest online auction service provider.
Developing career awareness and vocational skills as early as possible, beginning in the elementary school, enables children to make better choices later in life in terms of employment.
Roaming around the campus, you often hear people proclaim: t Cupid aimed his arrow at meWhere is my handsome prince
This law authorizes the competent bodies and services to contact and exchange information with counterparts in other countries (supplementary provision 1.3).
 We would even have been willing to consider extending UNAMIR's mission to continue a peace-keeping type of operation.
Website www.hairboutique.com says international designers are favoring this style on their runway models.
The United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) will hold its second regular session for 2011 (closed) on Friday, 28 October 2011, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 2.45 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB).
A: It is fully and newly decorated. The landlord will provide the suspended ceiling, lighting, carpet and glass door
But hes still upsetting.
The blue ground is blasted into large pieces of rock which are carried to the surface by elevator.
The creation of Web-based information sources could be considered a potentially sustainable result as well, but only on the stipulation that those recourses are maintained and updated on a regular basis by the BRC and/or its partners.
34. For the biennium 2004-2005, the Administration informed the Board that there was no write-off of cash, receivables or property.
3. In accordance with rule 8 (b) of the rules of procedure of the Human Rights Council, as contained in part VII of the annex to Council resolution 5/1, the organizational meeting of the nineteenth session was held on 13 February 2012.
The progress achieved in 2005 by some State institutions should be an incentive for greater efforts in 2006.
According to the Supreme Court, the letter seized in France made reference to other earlier correspondence, demonstrating that the author's contact with ETA was not isolated and that he had managed to re-establish a stable channel of active communication with the organization.
They have found a species of crayfish that follows the logic of asexuality and does, indeed, clone itself.
The Chief, Land and Property Claims (P-5) will develop and implement measures to record, adjudicate and settle pending property claim disputes.
Where a spouse uses both his or her personal funds and the funds owned jointly with the other spouse to acquire assets for his or her personal needs, the court may declare the property so acquired to be common joint property, provided that the common joint funds used to acquire such property exceed the personal funds of the spouse so expended.
child prostitution and child pornography
The Government's progress to date sets the foundation for a process, which will continue to strengthen Government's accountability to the poor and to women, and support the ongoing implementation of the NSAPR.
23. Representatives from 89 Member States, 16 intergovernmental organizations and other bodies and 7 non-governmental organizations attended the meeting of the Working Group.
Or, you could switch to a competing email program, or rely on Web-based email.
Afraid she can't get away from the meeting.
The interventions are therefore registered as Dilatation and Currettage (D&C) and for the larger part carried out in hospitals.
The strength of the programme comes from the support for existing farmers' groups, particularly women's groups, empowering them to take responsibility for programme resources and allowing them to draw on the services of the extension and research systems.
The defendant's guilt has been proved beyond doubt.
Like many people, I've been watching the meteoric rise of Groupon as well as some of the negative press we've been seeing the last several weeks.
47. The term "assistance" reflects the broad ambit of operational aspects in the provision of humanitarian protection.
Newspapers, magazines magazines and other services services are available for a monthly charge.
Regional networks of UNICEF gender focal points meet yearly to identify priorities for joint action.
Present value of future benefits
Listen to the wind, flowers, remorse, and also wise pupils in quiet beautiful manner.
The heavy snow made it heavy going for the bus.
The workshop for Asia, organized by ESCAP, in cooperation with the Office for Outer Space Affairs, recommended follow-up activities on floods and droughts and identified possible pilot projects for implementation.
Activities of the Working Group
The report also states that Angola is in the process of ratifying the Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
(c) Wastes containing or contaminated with unintentionally produced polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), hexachlorobenzene (HCB) or polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs);
Limit the amount of alcohol you drink and don't use drugs.
The Council is considered one of the leading organizations in housing, land and property issues in displacement situations.
A. Constitutional reform
Dancesport
He looked suspiciously at everyone who got off the plane.
As for the merits of the communication, the author's original submission has already addressed this aspect.
8.2 In her communication Ms. Teillier states that, although her mother does receive family visits, these take place in a visiting room with a double metal mesh between the prisoner and her relatives.
And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel, and he sold them into the hands of the Philistines, and into the hands of the children of Ammon
We deeply appreciate your efforts in this regard.
(f) Implementation of macro-level decisions that adapt with the changing landscape of an ageing population by ensuring support not only in family and community environments but also in the social, economic and cultural institutions we build.
(i) Comply with the Convention and the relevant rules, regulations and procedures of the Authority concerning:
The net increase of $33,404,500 relates to the 818 proposed new positions; the implementation of the harmonization of conditions of service allowances in accordance with General Assembly resolution 63/250, which is partially offset by the discontinuation of mission subsistence allowance; anticipated increases in local salaries for national staff; and an increase in the cost for each United Nations Volunteer (A/64/349/Add.4, paras. 289, 292 and 295).
In particular, the focus is on the acceleration of techniques for solving sets of algebraic equations as they occur in numerical simulation.
Evaluation
We stand ready to provide any further information that may be required.
The establishment of inter-agency task forces within the system has encouraged greater coordination and made a positive contribution to this effort.
Availability of qualified military, police and civilian candidates for service in peacekeeping operations; cooperation of Member States (troop- and police-contributing countries) in processing misconduct cases; timely receipt of investigation reports from investigation entities
The purpose of such a fund would be to assist developing countries burdened by high levels of non-communicable diseases in implementing the Declaration, including the commitments therein and other challenges.
I think we need a little more than that, no?
Awareness materials were also made available online.
7. Dates, venue and theme topic for the seventy-first session of the Commission (2015);
A silicon carbon layer is deposited on the substrate.
They were therefore particularly pleased to note that the draft articles had been presented in the form of a binding convention rather than as model rules.
Female detainees and females convicted of domestic violence in Baghdad
You are always in such a hurry.
The SBI reiterated the recommendations in paragraph 13 of decision 2/CP.7 and paragraph 8 of decision 3/CP.7.
Lao People's Democratic
May I take it that the Assembly approves this recommendation?
:: Articles 18, 21, 29, 35: summary of good practices/lessons learned.
Many of the students were informed they had been expelled because of their faith.
In the absence of any amendments, the Eleventh Congress will be conducted in accordance with the current rules of procedure for the congresses, supplemented by the guidelines contained in paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119.
In answer to the inquiry, it was explained that the resident coordinator as such had no budget to support the tasks and functions of the post.
I couldn't leave you with those savages.
UNHCR has limited ability to determine the impact of partners' activities, because indicators to monitor their performance rarely measure service quality or outcomes.
In the short term China's dominant trade position may weaken as Europe recovers.
To be held on Thursday, 31 July 2008, at 9.40 p.m.
A militia of designers have assembled to launch this coup.
(a) 85,811,550 dollars, being half of the estimated appropriation approved for the biennium 2012-2013;
It is also essential to underscore that Trump did not withdraw from the JCPOA itself.
Facilities and infrastructure
History of Catholicism in Europe
UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency (1997) (new legislation adopted on the basis of the Model Law: within Yugoslavia, in Montenegro).
His delegation looked forward to its prompt entry into force.
February – Ad-hoc Group of Experts on Science and Technology for Food Security – Food Security and Sustainable Development Division
Others note the lack of indicators suitable for use at the community level.
To be sure, the budget crisis in the US caused most stock futures to decline on that day.
Some discussion on appearance and development of pictures from books of Chinese Surgery and Traumatology and its role in academic inheritance was done in that paper.
A nice, quiet evening at home -- that's my cup of tea.
 Such programme development activities allow the Centre to improve the quality of its own assistance projects, while at the same time providing an opportunity to disseminate more broadly the substance of the Centre's programmes, such as through the broad distribution of manuals and handbooks.
The Chief acknowledged the tremendous value of the work carried out by the Centre.
European Union of Public Relations
Based on the company's current growth objective operating plans, we are cordially inviting talented people to join the Micron Team.
Priorities in that respect should be clearly defined according to a rule of private international law.
There's lots of good shops.
 In the meantime, each party has accused the other of acquiring and stockpiling additional weapons and war matiel, which, in their view, might indicate preparations for renewed hostilities.
The idea that women are inherently modest also puts an uncomfortable spin on an otherwise reasonable notion.
Under the Yugoslav regulations men and women are guaranteed the right to enter into a legally valid marriage on the basis of their free consent before the competent authority.
Similarly, the Nigerian legislation prohibits the use of firearms and ammunition during the course of their duties.
You know -- you can incrementally checkpoint the drop column command as it is going along.
In Africa, the main tropical fruits now are bananas, pineapples and papayas.
The demand for MDIs in Bangladesh is satisfied primarily by the following three locally-owned manufacturing enterprises:
49. I wish to thank my Special Representative, Farid Zarif, for his leadership, and all the staff of UNMIK for their work.
Photo competition: UNCCD has also launched a photo contest to promote the "IYDD" in 2006.
But governments can counter it in several ways: local language warnings with a prominent tax stamp on cigarette packs are one example.
The habit varies from district to district.
 9. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fiftieth session a report on the implementation of this resolution under the item entitled "International assistance to and cooperation with the Alliance for Sustainable Development in Central America".
1. The author of the communication is Dušan Vojnović, born in 1935, a Croatian citizen of Serb national origin.
64. Recalling that paragraph 21 reiterated the language of paragraph 57 (g) of the World Summit Outcome (A/RES/60/1), he said that it was unfortunate that the Secretariat had sometimes attempted to define implementation of that and other such commitments without the agreement of all Member States.
For both sets of tables, Tthese conservativeness factors are provided in two sets parts: one for use in the calculation of adjustments for a base year estimate and one for the calculation of adjustments for a year of the commitment period.
As part of education policy in these areas, training activities are being planned for young women in communities that have development prospects.
My son is a stamp collector.
Training activities on cleaner production should also be conducted, in the future, to improve awareness of cleaner production on the part of managers of industrial enterprises and to improve their skills in cleaner production project management.
Thus, in the absence of any specific indications to the contrary, a conflict between a treaty obligation that has previously been observed in Denmark and a new provision of national law shall be solved by applying the new provision in a manner that will respect the treaty obligation.
Some 73 journalists fled their country as a consequence of attacks or threats of attack.3
Clare remained observing them - not without their observing him.
Bangladesh Nari Progati Sangha
3. Country reports
Should he come, I would tell him the truth.
He was deported from Angola for possession of false papers when Mohammed was arrested.
Niger
"Let's run through the rain!
LL: Oh, to do something "on the spot" is to do it immediately - right then and there.
Most movie stars have a lot of charisma
Aerosols are very small particles in the air.
Do you know of a vacant apartment?
The criminal law of Panama established penalties for the offences of embezzlement, abuse of office and extortion.
This Christmas, with the enchanting smell of the holidays encompassing her halls, we will again be saying our good-byes to the White House.
(i) As at 31 December 1998, the number of States that had acceded to the principal legal instruments, the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and/or its 1967 Protocol, stood at 136.
The representatives of Australia and Canada clarified that decision XXV/4 requested them to report on progress in their research programmes on alternatives to methyl bromide for strawberry runners at the Working Group's thirty-sixth meeting, not its thirty-fourth meeting as indicated in the Panel's presentation.
III. Legislation
The difficulties encountered and the slow rate of progress were also discouraging potential donors from making new commitments to the programme.
In anycase, I think the whole point was that someone is sort of profiting off of CLAMP's hard work in a way.
Statement IV. General Fund: status of expenditure against the budget for the year ended 31 December 1997
GOAL was legally established as an international non-profit organization and registered under Austrian law, on 18 April 2006.
Our mission of life is "Live Well. Be Kind" because assuredly, the two must go together.
According to a 1993 study by Ana Silvia Monzón of ONAM reviewing State policies with regard to women and work, for the 60 per cent of women who live in rural areas, agriculture is the activity in which their employment is most underreported.
Frances Grey, Duchess of Suffolk
(b) Rule 106.2 (e), Sick leave during annual leave, is amended to clarify that sick leave during annual leave may be approved only if the period of sickness exceeds five consecutive working days;
(on agenda item 94 (d) (High-level dialogue on
Indigenous persons with disabilities face numerous and compounded barriers in accessing justice.
We note the numerous recent references of the Secretary General to lack of political will and the failure by member States to fulfill promises to do what is needed to remove the scourge of poverty.
(c) Restricted telecommunications infrastructure also hinders the widespread dissemination of WIPO online distance learning courses in Cuba, despite the efforts and commitment of local authorities to foster a nationwide culture of respect for intellectual property.
Power generation enterprises are technology - intense industry. The power regulation reform brings power generation enterprises into market.
On 20 December 2010 and 30 March 2011, the Committee held two briefings open to Member States on its work.
2363 Cebriones
The Forum was seen as a potential venue to foster an inclusive dialogue on this issue.
The crisis has caused significant decreases in global production and international trade in 2008 and 2009, first in the developed countries and then in developing countries.
Jamaica
Professional category and above
Military contingents
Timor Leste
One-off Donation
Al-Hadath (newspaper), No. 496 (5 May 2005), p. 6
(28) The International Court of Justice presented the problem of the reciprocal application of the optional declarations of acceptance of compulsory jurisdiction provided for in article 36, paragraph 2, of the Statute of the Court in a comparable, although slightly different, way.
(a) As a guiding principle, respect for students' dignity and concern for their individual differences are emphasized at all levels of the education system, in order that each student may achieve full development.
The trick in making a family film is finding ways to interest grown-ups without boring, confusing,orgrossing out the younger set.
Convention 144
In October 2011, the foreign representative of the debtor, a mining and industrial business headquartered in Mumbai, sought recognition in the United States of America of proceedings commenced in India and pending before the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction, an agency authorized to function as an administrative tribunal under the Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act 1985.
LDL and AI recommended a moratorium on the use of Taser guns in Canada.
She credits her new boyfriend with giving her the stable home life she has always craved and she now hopes to go to college and eventually become a counselor.
(1 ASG, 1 P-5, 2 P-4, 2 P-3, 2 P-4, 1 P-2, 1 GS (OL), 2 NPO, 1 LL)
A few days ago I watched my daughter Madalyn open a thin envelope from one of the five colleges to which she had applied.
After a period of negotiation with SOLR, the Consortium resumed work in January 1990 in accordance with a revised work programme.
Australia
Ambassador
The power vacuum that this approach produced was filled by Sunni militias and, ultimately, the Islamic State.
(b) Overfishing and capacity management
(24-Hr Telephone: 2904 3802)
The Committee invites the State party to inform it, within 90 days of the date of the transmittal of this decision, of the steps that it has taken in response to the present decision.
SWAZILAND
In reality Googlers as prone to turf wars and office politics as anyone else.
Voice acting in Japan
COMMITTEE ON RELATIONS WITH THE HOST COUNTRY
The mouse nibbled at the peanuts.
Tottenham's Wilson Palacios is among those who Barca are considering as an alternative to targeting Mascherano.
The right to see a lawyer and a doctor in the event of arrest;
A survey of news stories in 1996 reveals that the antiscience tag has been attached to many other groups as well, from authorities who advocated the elimination of the last remaining stocks of smallpox virus to Republicans who advocated decreased funding for basic research.
The Committee expects that these positions will be terminated by the end of the budget period 2008/09.
Furthermore, the cost of acquiring books, as well as costs for subscriptions to journals or technical publications for United Nations Office at Vienna entities, is budgeted centrally under this subprogramme.
Sweden raised the issue of numerous disappearances and child recruitment, not only related to the LTTE.
95 audit reports by resident auditors located in peacekeeping missions
But development data remain a scarce resource in the developing world.
(b) To designate operational entities that have been accredited, and provisionally designated, by the Board (see chapter III B below);
Additional legislative measures are therefore needed.
Agreed conclusions34 adopted by the Commission on the Status of Women at its forty-seventh session, in 2003, addressed, inter alia, women's equal access, for example through tele-centres and business incubators.
Rosarito Beach
But in His prayer as High Priest, He gives larger place to the thought of His being in them, just as the Father was in Him.
These objects or places are located in a complex and changing hierarchy.
While we must cope with this situation, we must also put in place policies that can turn a threatening situation into an agricultural renaissance.
The projects to be implemented are as follows:
3. The report of the fifth session of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee states:
There are no specific laws against terrorism in Herat and the Special Rapporteur was informed that the former law against terrorism was not needed.
With money to burn, a Chinese bidder could make a knockout offer for a prime mineral deposit in their backyard.
40. The accountability and reporting systems of UNDP do not adequately reflect the priority of supporting South-South cooperation.
This contingency remains necessary in view of the existing threat assessment.
The Identification of Colour Photocopiers - A Case Study
Target 2010: Process of integration and rehabilitation of the Maoist army personnel completed
The industry saw $700 million in sales in 2007, and is expected to grow to $1.2 billion by 2012, according to Common Sense Advisory, a research firm specializing in business globalization and the language-services industry.We tested four companies in different countries to see if the over-the-phone interpretation services proved a good way to deal with two classic traveler scenarios -- a complex restaurant order and a taxi ride.
"This study provides further evidence that people with a higher IQ tend to have a healthier lifestyle.
The total funds frozen figure reflects credit balances only.
The LORD will designate you for himself as a holy people just as he promised you, if you keep his commandments and walk in his ways.
 2. Invites Governments to take appropriate measures, with the assistance of the International Narcotics Control Board, to prevent shipments of psychotropic substances in excess of the annual domestic requirements for licit purposes to countries which have not yet implemented effective controls over international trade in those substances;
Variations from that general practice were reported by a number of States (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Germany, Greece, Mexico, Myanmar, Peru, Portugal, Romania and Sri Lanka) whose legislation contained different age thresholds (12, 13, 14, 16, 17 or 21 years of age).
212. At its forty-seventh session in October 1996, the Executive Committee adopted a wide ranging conclusion on the basis of the deliberations in the Standing Committee (A/AC.96/878, para 24).
Those incidents included carjacking, illegal taxation, theft at gunpoint and confiscation of vehicles and relief items, all of which constitute violations of international humanitarian law.
5. Calls upon relevant organizations of the United Nations system, other relevant international organizations, Governments and non-governmental organizations to cooperate with the Secretary-General and the Emergency Relief Coordinator to ensure timely implementation of and follow-up to resolutions of the Economic and Social Council adopted at the humanitarian affairs segment of its substantive session;
A: It's very important for us to clarify the ownership.
Leader: Australia
He was responsive to beauty.
The food is nutritious and it's really convenient
Lavercantière
Those responsible must be condemned for crimes against
In this evolving context, the current and future United Nations security posture must remain robust.
2. Mohamed Mazaen Selim Azouqeh
In order to perform the additional functions for the travel of military staff officers, it is proposed that an existing post of Language Assistant (national General Service) be reassigned from Sector Administrative Offices and that its functional title be changed to Travel Assistant.
The State party should take prompt and effective measures to ensure that all detainees are, in practice, afforded all fundamental legal safeguards from the very outset of their detention.
The impression that Beijing left on all of us was incredibly positive, in part because of the work of these young volunteers.
In the Wang Chang-Suo's intervention, the 2 by the education of migrant workers become self-advocates.
The country - by - country report is compiled  separately from U.S. diplomatic efforts, and presented to Congress.
He noted that while the Turks and Caicos was experiencing rapid change, each of the islands was at a different stage of development, from the fast growth of Providenciales and the new cruise port in Grand Turk, to the miles of pristine beaches in East Caicos, the largest uninhabited island in the Caribbean.
Women were asked by the religious police department not to leave their homes without a legal excuse during Ramadan.
Finally, the current situation of highway sign and marking visibility evaluation is summarized, and the content of highway sign and marking management technologies is put forward.
This machine is a real time - saver.
Guyana
In Peru 98% of women living with a partner know or have heard of some contraceptive method.
She shook herself free and looked about to hear whether anyone had been listening.
He took out his pocket from rags four dollars in my hand, see his hands were full of mud.
Its continued use, however, was necessary for economic and social development.
52. No provision is required under this heading.
(c) Concerning paragraphs 21 to 23 and 26 of the annex, the Committee supports the proposals in these paragraphs for information campaigns and popular education;
The High-level Panel on Threats, Challenges and Change appointed by the Secretary-General is preparing its recommendations on ways to address the various challenges.
If you're interested in trying the local cider, then a trip down Normandy's Route du Cidre is a must.
Absence of abet from colleagues in your work.
Those figures do not include the 4.3 million Palestinian refugees registered by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
54. Mr. Pinheiro (Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar) said that the best he could do was to continue his efforts to convince the Government of Myanmar that it was in its interest to invite him to visit.
"Bangkok Declaration"
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines places a high value on its relations with the Americas since we are part of the same hemisphere.
77. The view was expressed that guideline 3.3.4 was problematic because it seemed to allow States to make reservations prohibited by a treaty.
More than 60 per cent of the teachers who had been employed in those schools were women.
Licence et Maîtrise en droit (Bachelor's degree and master's degree in Law) (1980).
don't be upset, guys.
Despite such concern, the Faroe Islands were voted the most authentic, unspoiled, and likely to remain so of 111 islands ranked by volunteer expert judges for the November/December 2007 issue of National Geographic Traveler magazine
Either one or both of the purposes set out immediately herein below:
To ease struggles among the outside powers, this kind of coordination of development programs became more and more difficult for countries alongside Mekong River.
(a) A set of multimedia presentations;
A. Reporting
 An anonymous caller on behalf of Hamas stated that 175 kilograms of explosives were used;
political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development
The Declaration warrants the continuation and enhancement of appropriate mechanisms within the United Nations human rights system with the necessary focus
How Do I Love Thee  How do I love thee
2.9 On 23 August 2006, the Sol-Iletsk District Court of the Orenburg Region rejected the author's petition on grounds of lack of jurisdiction on the matter, explaining that it fell under the jurisdiction of the Præsidium of the Supreme Court.
International Public Sector Accounting Standards (A/68/161, A/68/351 and A/68/508)
Since the sixth meeting of the Conference of the Parties, ten Parties have ratified, accepted or approved the Ban Amendment.
Even though recently the Pharmacy Regulation Bureau has given orders to lower the price of basic drugs, but the margin is not satisfactory.
Despite a tense security situation in many parts of the country, over 6,000 Afghans (including more than 600 women) completed the procedures to become candidates for either the Wolesi Jirga or the provincial councils.
He was teaching a computer programming class but did not have a good textbook.
(c) Cooperation with the United Nations and other agencies:
Pragmatics studies the use of language and the user of language. It intends to explain what purpose people want to attain through exchange and how.
 Zimbabwe has made some progress with regard to the empowerment of women since its independence 14 years ago.
Any successful strategy for dealing with terrorism requires terrorists to be isolated.
UNHCR estimates the current number of internally displaced persons at 20 to 25 million in more than 40 countries.
Local traders who sell their goods at Njerima told the Group that during the last week of May, M23 recruits passing through the village included refugees from Masisi, as well as Rwandan nationals.
Bond prices have rallied following a rise in risk aversion and a flight to safer assets.
3 DK
The second session was held in Geneva from 11 to 15 May 2009, back to back with the fourth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants and the sixty-second World Health Assembly.
She's going to see right through him.
49. The Council considered the question of the implementation of General Assembly resolutions 50/227 and 52/12 B at its organizational session (agenda item 2), held on 27 February 2004 (6th meeting).
The Civil Service Commission has not been established as stipulated in the Darfur Peace Agreement.
It should promote cooperation among regional and subregional actors to strengthen early warning and conflict prevention.
Decision No. Date of adoption Page
Try to have a consistent look on the site that matches your offline branding.
Technical assistance and advice
As long as all concerned take to heart the unity and long-term interests of the United Nations, accommodate each other's interests and concerns and display a pragmatic and flexible approach, a universally acceptable solution to reform will eventually be found.
The statements will be made available on the Pledging Conference PaperSmart portal (click here) only after delivery by delegations.
Staff members in this category would include both those who hold a probationary appointment and those who have completed five years of continuous service on a fixed-term appointment at the time of the introduction of continuing contracts.
Article 8
21. Decides also that for Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Mission, there shall be set off against their apportionment, as provided for in paragraph 15 above, their respective share of the unencumbered balance and other income in the total amount of 14,583,900 dollars in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2003, in accordance with the levels set out in General Assembly resolution 55/235, as adjusted by the Assembly in its resolution 55/236 and its resolution 57/290 A of 20 December 2002, taking into account the scale of assessments for 2003 as set out in its resolutions 55/5 B of 23 December 2000 and 57/4 B of 20 December 2002;
Extra money to address food security problems, among other things, should be one of the key outcomes of the finance package that the EU strongly supports for the next crucial event on the summit calendar: the Copenhagen climate conference in December.
Consider proposals to increase the number of notifications of final regulatory action and guidance prepared by the Secretariat to assist parties in their preparation;
Finally is the flaw which in the Marxism belief education exists has affected the university student Marxism view establishment.
PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND ANNOTATIONS
Life doesn's require that we be the best, only that we try out best.
Financing for development is a topic of critical importance to all our delegations, especially those from countries in the process of development.
This will include:
Next time I see Rick, I'm going to let him have it.
The geographical information required should be submitted in a form that is readily integrated into geographical information systems including the Information Management System for Mine Action (IMSMA) developed by the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining.
My long elder brother not is in here.
Second, this escalating homogeneity inevitably spirals into conflict and violence, because soon everyone is competing for the same things.
61. Speaking on the current country programme of cooperation for 2012-2016, the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran expressed appreciation for the efforts of UNICEF and the country team.
Pyongyang has demanded return of the full amount as a condition for implementing last month's nuclear agreement.
Ecuador
Health and safety issues and potential risks for enforcement agents (such as customs officers) are important for any inspection of transports of e-waste or used equipment.
(a) Formation and completion of a legal framework for space technology research and applications, including the following actions:
She burned with fury at his unkind remarks.
Thus Rwanda is creating a war within the war for which it is responsible and openly proclaiming itself the main obstacle to peace in this region.
Sanjaya Malakar
Finland
Irrigation systems are also vulnerable to a tsunami's destructive effects.
[6 May 2008]
The Space Network List is now also available online.
Federation of Independent Trade Unions of Russia
The absence of an effective IDP protection mechanism was likely to lead to cross-border movements in the face of those phenomena.
The reason for the discount is the use of  dual  - class shares.
It is paramount that rocket fire into Israeli cities stops and Israeli troops withdraw from Gaza, leading to a normal opening of the crossings into Gaza and normalization of life for all citizens.
9. 2002. Member of working group on amending Latvian Criminal and Administrative codes related to misuse of information technologies
The inability to conclude the Doha Round of negotiations, after 14 years of talks, was a symptom of the problem.
BDS are costly, especially if consultancy or extension services are offered on a one-to-one basis.
As requested in operative paragraph 4 of decision 22/1 I A, all responses are publicly available on the UNEP web site at http://science.unep.org, as are all relevant background documents and the optional questionnaire developed by the UNEP secretariat.
The rain pours down, accompanied by thunder and lightning.
A monitoring and evaluation mechanism for international development cooperation needs to be established to implement international consensus and the MDGs.
The comprehensive development framework proposal from the World Bank further adds to the mix.
Sir, yes, sir Still here, Anakin When was the last time you slept?
That the baggy jeans, sleeveless t-shirt and cockeyed hat only hid a man whose ability to love surpassed the expectations of the society today.
The concept was designed to make tangible contributions to global society in nine broad socio-economic areas.
A healthy Pacific Ocean and the sustainable use of its natural resources, including the highly migratory fish stocks, are also critical to our livelihood.
Their swimming pool is somewhat deeper than ours.
Bartholin's gland
The remark for model provision 3 also applies to model provision 4.
Hanging a gourd on the wall next to your front door is thought to bring wealth and fortune.
My average night, I go to my local dive bars with friends.
7z
45. To continue efforts to implement the provisions of the new Constitution in order to ensure that indigenous peoples fully enjoy their rights (Slovenia); to ensure that the implementation of indigenous systems of justice conforms to international human rights standards, including those set out in the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (Canada);
6.4 According to general comment No. 1, the complainant's previous political activities in the country of origin must be taken into account in order to assess the risk of her being subjected to torture upon return to that country.
(7) If the supplier or contractor presenting the successful tender is requested to demonstrate its qualifications again in accordance with paragraph (6) of this article but fails to do so, the procuring entity shall reject that tender and shall select the next successful tender from among those remaining in effect, in accordance with paragraph (4) of this article, subject to the right of the procuring entity to cancel the procurement in accordance with article 18 (1) of this Law.
Total project financing US$ 27.6 million
Appeals/answers to appeals
2. Weapons collection in exchange for development projects
In the demanding circumstances of the new century, the fight against poverty needs a change in approach.
2012-2013 (revised)
She even sneered at him about his cat.
112 and 113 In June 2009, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations approved and promulgated its policy directive on mainstreaming the protection, rights and well-being of children affected by armed conflict within United Nations peacekeeping, after conducting broad-based consultations with field mission staff, UNICEF and the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for children and armed conflict.
Chair: Ms. Miculescu (Romania)
I thought of putting in some time at art schoolin the life class.
222. While the above-mentioned United Nations offices could not offer an immediate home for the archives and/or residual mechanism(s), they have suggested consulting the concerned host countries.
  The new friends were expected to spend time together over Christmas holidays in the United States, Caras said.
Zohra Madoui (represented by counsel, Nassera Dutour)
International staff: increase of three temporary positions
This covers the network costs, hardware, software, applications, installation and systems development costs, as well as the key experts to design and develop the content and launch the interactive, collaborative programme.
Strong trade links meant Asia was always going to suffer: if US homeowners are giving back the keys to their homes, they are less likely to be buying Korean TVs or Chinese fridges.
Here is an example that proves the truth of these words.
Dehiwala-Mount Lavinia
The government decided to knock out gambling.
In this manner, the UK may comply with the extradition requirements of UNCAC.
(b) To provide information on a regular basis on the composition and objective of the co-financing for projects funded by the Global Environment Facility;
Step 1: Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
Many women are also particularly affected by environmental disasters, serious and infectious diseases and various forms of violence against women;
A new hotline reporting system became operational at the start of 2011, providing UNDP with greater "reach" into the 177 countries where UNDP is on the ground.
For example a time - out might have occurred, or a variable might have been out of scope.
The Panel reclassified the contract loss element of Eleject's claim for the purposes of this report.
I went around the house. A rock path went down to the road.
I'm angry at being treated like an idiot.
5. References to reports, cases and incidents in the present report refer to information that is gathered, vetted and verified for accuracy.
To some extent you are right.
Mr Michael LAI Kam-cheung, MH, JP
The Deputy Secretary-General: Good morning, everyone.
Source: Liberian Petroleum Refining Company.
3. On 23 July 2013, Togo withdrew the nomination of its candidate.
The work had been finished when we got there.
30. The representative of Ethiopia said that the balance of the outcome of the deliberations of expert meetings depended on the balance of the participation in the meetings, and in the meetings held so far the LDCs and in particular African LDCs had not been adequately represented.
69. It would be useful to know whether the Government was encouraging changes in the law with regard to women's choice of husband and their right to seek a divorce; whether a woman who had contracted a Misyar marriage, in which the husband and wife did not live together, could divorce her husband; what the Government's position on polygamy was; whether it was true that fathers were normally granted custody of their children after a divorce; and whether family property was divided equitably between divorced spouses.
(a) To facilitate communication with and access to villages on Bougainville;
Article 7
It was just a case of we've just got to give it a go now and see what happens.
My delegation associates itself with the statements made on behalf of the Group of Arab States, the Group of African States and the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
21. On 28 November 1966, Captain Michel Micombero, the Tutsi Prime Minister belonging to the Hima group, overthrew the monarchy and proclaimed the Republic.
(b) The concept of indigenous peoples and communities;
98-04481 (E) 060498
He made an effort at cleaning the kitchen, but it wasn't very clean afterwards.
How precious, sweet and rare!
 1. Thus convened anew, the Geneva Peace Conference should prevail upon all the three parties in conflict, under threat of sanctions and within 14 days:
Chinese groups on the list do sell products for consumers: refrigerators (Haier), cars (Chery Automobile) and clothes (Li & Fung).
543. The Commission has also identified eight local Government officials or members of the armed forces operating in Darfur who are suspected of having committed international crimes under the doctrine of joint criminal enterprise.
Her little son has a mind of great capacity.
The maximum amount involved shall be equivalent to the unemployment benefit and pension fund payments which would otherwise have been paid to the individuals whose names are taken off the unemployment register as a result of their participation in the projects.
Decision: The draft resolution (S/2005/727), as orally revised, received 15 votes in favour, none against and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1639 (2005).
The distraught people of that nation deserve a respite from instability and insecurity in order to be able to enjoy normal lives.
Consideration by the United Nations
Table 32
40. Political prisoners are detained under laws promulgated by the Government as "security" legislation, should they be considered to be acting in opposition to the policies of the authorities.
You had enough on your plate.
The water in the pool is warm enough ( to swim in ).
What are the financial and technical means available to Mozambique to fulfil its obligations during the extension period?
How much did you bid for that new car?
But it was easy for me to walking along the lakeside, why did I go ro walking?
In India, a seminar will be organized to further discuss relevant policies and programmes, as well as particular concerns on Convention No. 169.
I should come back home as my parents are miss me so much.The traditional Mid-autumn Festival is during the Nationl Festival ,I will come back to get together with them.
The phonon polariton is a particle comprised of a photon and a tansverse-optical phonon.
Mainstreaming the gender equity focus in the health sector.
Technical and operational issues
A preliminary study for a water assessment project was carried out in MINURSO
Perhaps even death cannot represent true silence, for the carrier of the soul can turn into dust, so that the sincere and wise voices from the bottom of the heart will trigger long-lasting echoes in the seas of human hearts...
However, some of the obligations embodied in the draft articles went beyond the current obligations of States, and some of the articles therefore fell short as a declaration of customary law.
Based on data from 1996, 12.6 per cent of all households were living in substandard dwellings, that is, there was not ready access to one of the following amenities: piped water supply, sewer, hot water, flush toilet, or washing facilities (shower/bathroom or sauna).
In fact, the big trees usually produce lots of little ones.
Studies on Controlling Trend of Tc in Scrubbing Extractor of Spent Fuel Reprocessing
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 123.
Spike, you know the rule, no barking when I'm on tv!
On the northern side, it borders Angola, Mozambique, Namibia and South Africa and to the south extends to the South Pole.
(d) To integrate a gender perspective throughout his work and to give special attention to persons belonging to vulnerable groups, in particular children;
Economic and Social Council
4.4 The tribunal noted that, according to the complainant and the newspapers, her partner had died in Chilpancingo (Guerrero State), but the translation of the death certificate provided gave Chimalhuacan (Mexico State and allegedly the companion's place of residence).
Emissions trading
reduce the depletion of glycogen. Oligosaccharide can effectively improve and maintain blood glucose, save glycogen.
II. Work of the Committee
The Attorney General has authorized me to take him in for questioning.
1. General
Many eggs are now fortified with omega-3 fatty acids, and plant sources include flax seed and flax seed oil, walnuts, pecans, and hazelnuts.
Currency adjustments
305. The Subcommittee further recommends that the authorities increase the length of the doctor's working day and establish a system of alternates that will guarantee the presence of a doctor every day of the week throughout the year.
Original: English
Many delegations congratulated the High Commissioner on his re-election, and expressed appreciation for his visits to their countries and his skilful leadership of UNHCR's efforts to help refugees, the stateless, other persons of concern and internally displaced persons.
More than 77,600 children, including 32,000 girls, were enrolled in schools sponsored by UNICEF during the 2012-2013 academic year.
The decrease in non-post requirements ($279,900) reflects a lower provision for consultancy services owing to the finalization of the work of the Panel of Governmental Experts on the issue of missiles in all its aspects.
The State party recalls that the events described in the communication occurred during the armed conflict.
The officials can be invited to present some ideas on what joint approaches or steps can be taken to improve the compliance of States with their human rights obligations and to ensure that their decisions, related to indigenous peoples' issues brought before them, are better implemented at the country level.
Triangular trade
93.34. Consider issuing a moratorium on the execution of death penalty sentences (Mexico);
Item 13 of the provisional agenda*
The Secretary-General had acted in accordance with previous practice in introducing the budget document and all delegations had had an opportunity to raise questions in that regard.
The map shows the reported number of new and relapse cases in Asian countries, using data deposited with the World Health Organisation.
Documentation
A/65/66
Stage 4. Establish Supply  Chain  Management ( SCM ) to achieve supply chain optimization and minimize inventory.
We regard them as unnecessary creatures that do more harm than good.
Consequently, we will vote against operative paragraph 4, which calls for implementation of that idea.
Without literary records neither history nor civilization can properly be said to exist.
By mid-April 2006, the company had completed the washing of its stock of gravel.
Ministry of Women's Affairs
I don't think they call him the Doof anymore, but you never know.
Procurement Office
(a) To look only at employment statistics would disregard the importance of statistics relating to earnings, etc.;
Because there were still people who have been married 40 years. Because my husband is still moved and concerned after years of hospital rooms and dying patients
He was admitted to hospital where he passed away on Monday, 12 November 2001.
People of Albanian descent
Whether the person who received payment may retain it is a matter for article 24, since article 9 limits the effect of the assignment to the relationship between the assignor and the assignee and to the relationship between the assignee and the debtor.
22. The President of the General Assembly will prepare a summary of the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development, which will be issued as a document of the General Assembly.
(e) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa
The Committee recommends that the State party address the social factors preventing vulnerable groups (including women and children) from seeking health care, and that particular efforts be made to reach refugee and displaced children and those living on the streets.
Results Oleum eucalypti was highly powerful to kill D.
Such small claims may continue to be addressed more effectively through direct negotiations with a view to reaching an amicable settlement:
On the occasion of the 26 May briefing, a comparative table providing information on the distinct and complementary mandates of the three Committees and their respective expert groups was issued and posted on the websites of the three Committees.
Dirname
2-1 Paragraph 2
In reply to Sweden, the standard operating procedures for treatment of persons in police custody have been developed.
So long as any such weapons existed, it was inconceivable that they would never be used.
Selective level meter
Extensions completed on Dili wharf
6. The third periodic report acknowledges that "funding of non-governmental and women's organizations is still insufficient" (CEDAW/C/LTU/3, para. 108).
Convinced that the resources released by disarmament, including regional disarmament, can be devoted to economic and social development and to the protection of the environment for the benefit of all peoples, in particular those of the developing countries,
To promote the environmentally sound recovery and recycling of hazardous materials and waste;
ALLIE: Sometimes the best way to move into the unknown is to take familiar steps, small steps, to do ordinary things to deal with something that is in no way ordinary.
I know this love of mine will never die.
25. Through the triennial policy review of operational activities for development, to be undertaken at its current session, the General Assembly will assess the overall functioning of the United Nations system at the country level and examine how the system has aligned country operations with the Millennium Declaration, the Millennium Development Goals and the development agendas emerging from major United Nations conferences and summits.
IX. Conclusions and recommendations
Is there a Chinese restaurant around here?
On the one hand the health and functional ability of those aged under 75 years will improve and these persons will look for better opportunities to remain active and be involved in various spheres of society; on the other hand the large increase in the number of those aged 80 years and over after the year 2000 will inevitably lead to an increased number of frail and disabled persons who will have difficulties in coping with the tasks of everyday life and will therefore be in need of increased health and personalised social services.
Annex III October 2013* October 2013.
Be transformative in nature as an initial translation into practice of the implications of the Rio+20 outcome, rather than seeking incremental improvements;
IV
The Subcommittee had also considered the pace of work on the implementation of an integrated space-based global natural disaster management system, the urgent necessity for which had been demonstrated, in particular, by the devastating consequences of hurricanes "Ivan" and "Jeanne".
One of the shells landed on the breastwork of our shelter and did not explode.
I had a scrap with my brother last Christmas.
As supply-chain efficiency increases, so does the eventual extraction and use of resources and, ultimately, the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere.
 Nobody is brought before a judge; nobody is brought before a court.
Opening and closing dates of the session
Sabiya power station was to be built at a site in northern Kuwait close to Bubiyan Island, adjacent to the Iraq-Kuwait border.
The documentation requirements would include pre-session documentation and one report of the expert group meeting in the six official languages.
The Board was therefore not able to obtain full assurance that the funds provided for nationally executed expenditure had been properly utilized.
 They have battled and killed each other's children generation after generation, but this has not resolved their differences.
This seems to be why we focus on feel-good approaches like the Kyoto Protocol, whose fundamental problem has always been that it is simultaneously impossibly ambitious, environmentally inconsequential, and inordinately expensive.
Sr Estate Surveyor/1 (District Lands Office, Islands)
With regard to the rule of law at the national level, the Chinese delegation is of the view that it is the right of each country to choose on its own the model of rule of law that is suitable to its domestic conditions.
 Give me a summary of your current  descr) I have been working as a computer programmer for five years.
1. Investigation: in particular, collaboration by State agencies; the power of the Public Prosecutor's Office to institute proceedings outside the national territory or without the prior knowledge of the individual concerned and international cooperation in general; the lifting of banking secrecy; no charge for information required during the investigation; special investigative techniques, such as monitored delivery or transactions, the use of undercover agents and informers, the interception of communications and other technical methods; protection of individuals assisting the investigation, including disguising their identity and appearance, changing their identity, maintaining confidentiality regarding certain proceedings, records or documents as a protective measure where their safety is at risk, imposing penalties in case of violation and allowing them to testify in advance (...)
However, the huge political cost made it unfeasible to adopt fiscal  federalism  at that time.
Concurrent accreditation as Ambassador to Colombia, Argentina, Brazil and Ecuador
Governmental experts are expected to take notes during all meetings, which can be referred to when producing the final country review report.
Keremedchiev, 257/2004
My second complaint is the comfort level of the leather seats is horrid .
Develop and launch an Organization-wide information campaign to clarify the mobility framework/occupancy limits
Under the Act, individuals and entities on the United Nations lists of terrorists established under those resolutions were automatically designated as terrorist entities under New Zealand law.
Terrorism is, in most cases, essentially a political act.
This is a crime that cannot be ignored.
The issue of the military use of outer space must also be the subject of an international legal regime, particularly with respect to banning the deployment of offensive weapons in space.
Ryo Ryusei
The number of soil microbial under tillage had a higher population in the soil surface layer.
Learning - style university library is a new concept derived from the theory of the learning - style organization.
31. Calls upon Member States, the United Nations system and other relevant stakeholders to support national efforts aimed at responding rapidly to the food crises currently occurring across Africa, in particular in the Horn of Africa, and expresses its deep concern that funding shortfalls are forcing the World Food Programme to cut operations across different regions, including Southern Africa;
II. INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM INTERGOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS 17
It noted that during 2006, there were 244 reported stowaway cases involving 657 stowaways.
Portugal
This is also good news for the European Masters ranking itself.
This information should be disaggregated by release methods.
The Permanent Mission of the Republic of Croatia to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1718 (2006), and has the honour to submit the report of the Government of the Republic of Croatia on the steps it has taken with a view to implementing the provisions of the aforementioned resolution (see annex).
[To be announced]
The author maintains that Banco Canarias never filed any complaint about this and that the charge did not appear in the initial indictment.
In partnership with the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), TrainForTrade organized a training programme for national directors of commerce on "International trade financing" and on the difficulties faced by African exporters.
Nishihara, Shibuya
21. The Kivus accounted for 92 per cent of the recruitments of children documented during the reporting period (82 per cent in North Kivu, 10 per cent in South Kivu).
During this visits the terms of detention were investigated and with the participation of the professional lawyers, assistance were rendered when necessary.
2008-2009: 65 per cent
Application for Factory Registration and related enquiries may be directed to:
People from Essex County, Massachusetts
Senior Vice President   General Manager, Mobile Platforms Group
:: Sixth, a resource mobilization strategy that helps attracting and securing resources both from within as well as outside and availed in a manner that neither compromises the ultimate objective of all resource use -- poverty reduction, nor should such partnerships weaken the aspects of equity and cost-effectiveness in delivery of services
5. As indicated in table 2, of the 59 recommendations issued, implementation is in progress for 37 recommendations, of which 28 are targeted for implementation before the end of 2011 and one is due for implementation in June 2014.
Rainforest Foundation contributed to Millennium Development Goal 1 by supporting the Asháninka communities in the Peruvian Amazon with training in cocoa growing and harvesting techniques, marketing and financial management to help to improve their livelihoods and successfully market cocoa under the organic and fair trade certifications in Peru and Europe.
Together, and inspired with a solid will to preserve world peace, we hope to achieve the ultimate objective we have set ourselves.
Draft resolution on the Question of Western Sahara (A/C.4/63/L.7)
According to the Albanian law on social insurance, maternity benefits shall be payable to a woman provided that she has acquired 12 months of social insurance.
It requires concerted action on the part of all of us gathered here today.
A little boy invited his mother to attend his elementary 1 school s first teacher-parent conference 2.
How  long  will  it take to get them cleaned?
Try to pronounce everything just like the speaker on the tape
These excellent results have been made possible by the dedicated efforts of teachers, team spirit in schools, enhanced learning culture, efforts of learning communities and collaboration among schools.
The numeration of the subsequent sub-sources has been changed accordingly (the change is also reflected in tables 2(I) and 2(II)).
She turned down the sheet and showed him the child.
363. The representative indicated that the issue of violence against women, including domestic violence, continued to be a serious problem for society.
All municipal posts and municipal service positions
( your eyes close,I die;your eyes open ,I come back to live.Your eyes close an d open again and again ,I die againand again.
Article 11.It is mandatory for units responsible for air pollution accidents to submit initial reports containing such information as the time, place, and type of the accidents, the quantity of the discharged pollutants, as well as the economic losses and victims involved, to local environmental protection authorities within forty-eight hours from when the accidents occurred.
Tea also sat up, her eyes fixed set of looked at me and said: no, I can make money. Thank you for your good intentions.
The recent pro-growth policy initiatives suggest that Chinese authorities are attempting to put a floor on the gross domestic product growth shortfall of somewhere in the 8 to 9 per cent range.
In the same month, Professor Abdel Sattar Qassem was arrested and held in custody following the publishing of an article.
Diammonium phosphate
 Such a definition should also indicate that the crimes proposed to be included should cover other categories of conduct, such as crimes against humanity.
 There had been ongoing debate since 1988 on which rights and freedoms should be explicitly guaranteed in Australian law.
(b) To ensure that any person who has been convicted of a criminal offence against a child is not eligible to work in an agency or organization providing services to children, and to require agencies and organizations providing services to children to prevent persons who have been convicted of a criminal offence against a child from coming into contact with children;
Should all enterprises use the same system?
4. The Group reaffirms the importance of the multilateral disarmament machinery.
(b) After 30 days
(a) States collaborate with international and regional development agencies, donors and civil society to develop integrated rural development strategies, with policies and programmes that have the aim of sustaining rural livelihoods, with a focus on rural employment generation and local infrastructure development;
One copy of building registration or other documentation verifying the title of the house.
81. If options 9 or 10 were adopted, then the Commission on Sustainable Development at its eighth session might decide to request the Economic and Social Council to establish an international negotiating committee for a framework convention on all types of forests, as the successor of IFF supported by the United Nations regular budget, securing inter-agency cooperation and including a substantive secretariat attached to the Department of Economic and Social Affairs or another selected United Nations body or other intergovernmental bodies.
Beginning in 2012, the Fund adopted IPSAS, which will lead to improved internal control and better governance of the Fund as well as enhanced transparency through improved financial statement disclosures.
The expenses of organizing Joint Venture shall be equally borne by Party A and Party B. Article 3 Purpose, Scope and Size of Busine 1.In line with the spirit of strengthening economic cooperation and expanding technical exchange, Joint Venture is to use state-of-the-art and appropriate technology and equipment, with efficient management systems, to produce Licensed Product which shall be of top quality and competitive in the world markets, so as to achieve satisfactory economic return 2.
Further, the General Services Section is responsible for the administration of accommodation provided by the United Nations and also administers the outsourced cleaning services of United Nations facilities at a total of five locations in Kabul.
Third, the Convention does not restrict coverage to particular persons; rather, the Convention identifies persons with long-term physical, mental, intellectual and sensory disabilities as beneficiaries under the Convention.
UNCITRAL, Working Group on Transport Law [General Assembly resolution 33/92]
The guidelines include references to databases, manuals and training programmes and activities undertaken by competent international organizations.
For example, if you were late because your car broke down, maybe you need to have your car examined more regularly.
South-East Asia Ministers of Education Organization (meeting) (6) [2]
She once said once said that hands speak almost as loudly as words.
George MacDonaldIn the early morning hours,'Twixt the night and day,While from earth the darkness passesSilently away;Then 'tis sweet to talk with JesusIn thy chamber stillFor the coming day and dutiesAsk to know His will.Then He'll lead the way before you,Mountains laying low;Making desert places blossom,Sweet'ning Marah's flow.Would you know this life of triumph,Victory all the wayThen put God in the beginningOf each coming day.
28 October 2027
United Nations Population Fund
In March, we must reach an agreement on the text of this treaty, without upsetting the balances and compromises that we struck in July 2012.
B. Performance goal 2
(f) The Government of Afghanistan reaffirm its commitment to justice and combating impunity.
Those delegations were of the view that, sooner or later, the Council would have to face its responsibilities if Iraq continued to refuse to cooperate actively.
The subprogramme will also focus on monitoring and assessing progress in the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development, with emphasis on emerging issues identified in the 2010 World Programme on Population and Housing and Censuses, in particular urbanization and human settlements, international migration and ageing.
Although the value of announced greenfield projects to least developed countries increased by 9 per cent in 2013, it remains significantly below historical levels.
The Peacebuilding Commission Working Group on Lessons Learned -- "Taking Stock and Looking Forward"
[Original: English and French]
This radio can fit in the palm of my hand.
6. Full and effective implementation of the Copenhagen Declaration and Programme of Action is necessary at all levels.
Editing the main page
In the view of this point, the study of CT image reconstruction with incomplete projection data has great value of application.
Freda knew that she would not win,nevertheless she went on trying.
CAT/C/BLR/CO/4
Women contributed 420 cases to this total, i.e. 36.8%.
Nate. I need to talk with him. it's an emergency.
More specific directions and commitment as well as resources to ensure effectiveness for
It is right that the Rwanda Tribunal continues to receive high-level attention.
(o) To create a reference file of all articles in relation to the Optional Protocol work which have been distributed to date;
1.3.4 Landmine/explosive remnants of war victims provided with support, including reintegration assistance
Social integration and the cohesion of societies can be achieved only if development is just and sustainable, economically, socially and environmentally.
To this end, Japan will participate constructively in the substantive discussions ahead.
You are about to meet your ancestors and your spiritual family.
It's a shame this isn't being developed closer to home.
(Second Committee matters: food and agricultural development,
Conference Room 4
The orchestra is always in practice.
In that resolution the Assembly has also expressed its serious concern with regard to Israel's failure to withdraw from the occupied Syrian Golan, which has now been under occupation for more than 32 years.
301. On the subject of legal assistance for minors, China now has a fairly comprehensive legal aid system at every level from the central to the provincial, local (municipal) and county levels. Legal aid systems have been set up at the provincial level throughout the country; 90 per cent of municipalities and 67 per cent of all counties have also set up legal aid systems. In all, China has some 2,299 legal aid organizations.
The Minister of Internal Affairs and Security, with whom the Special Rapporteur discussed the matter, affirmed that these groups and parties can hold meetings, as long as they remain within the law, but the law does not allow them to demonstrate.
From this perspective, wolves don't simply kill moose; they spread life across the island.
OLO (District Lands Office, Yuen Long)
When he walked inside the flies were asleep on the wall, the cook in the kitchen was still holding up his hand as if he wanted to grab the boy, and the maid was sitting in front of the black chicken that was supposed to be plucked..
Therefore, let us go to work.
3. Using South - South linkages to build productive capacities in developing countries
3. The Meeting reiterated adherence to the purposes, objectives and principles of the Charter of the OIC and once again reaffirmed its commitment to the implementation of the resolutions adopted by the OIC Summit and Ministerial Conferences.
At the same time it regrets that, to date, no meeting has been held, as initially agreed by the Tribunal, between the legal experts of the challenging party, ONUSAL and the Tribunal, in order to study in detail the legal basis for the Tribunal's decision.
Percentage
Any provision by ZNFPC of family planning services to such people will, therefore, contradict the law on statutory rape.
88. Further to the recommendation on the conduct of a census made in my previous report of 6 April 2010 (S/2010/175, para. 75), and in line with its mandate and established practice, UNHCR will continue discussing with the host country the need for registration in the Tindouf refugee camps.
Sharing offer: Under takes each responsibility can obtain the repayment which should have.
Additional meetings are planned for Central America (Panama City), involving designated national authorities from up to eight countries; Africa (Dakar), involving designated national authorities from up to 11 countries and Asia, involving designated national authorities from up to eight countries.
Current assessment results have identified the following areas as priorities: (a) increasing efforts to ensure that all Palestinian children have access to high-quality and uninterrupted education; (b) contributing towards maintaining the health status of women and children; (c) expanding child protection components to better address increasing violence and develop more conducive environments for child growth and development; and (d) promoting the participation and development of adolescents.
The two northern groups of islands were therefore given no maritime zones at all and the Zuquar-Hanish group was given minimal effect.
His Excellency Mr. Joaquim Alberto Chissano, President of the Republic of Mozambique
Orlando Cabrera
59. Although there had been some setbacks in certain areas, he noted the positive developments which had occurred in relation to safeguards, especially the progress achieved through the trilateral initiative between IAEA, the Russian Federation and the United States.
Wellborn said she would not consider eating spinach anytime soon. "Not in a million years, " she said.
Wednesday, 10 July 2002
Mr Marvel was suddenly whirled about and started marching off in a curious spasmodic manner.
However, he will not announce their names until all necessary security measures are in place.
The installation must also allow for adequate drainage from the air gap and the discharge line if needed.
2006 in television
The proposed legislation (which is limited to countries that are eligible to borrow from IDA, the concessional loan facility of the World Bank) would make it illegal for any private creditor holding defaulted sovereign debt to use litigation in a United States court, or the threat of such litigation, to secure payment of more than the total amount they paid for the debt obligation plus 6 per cent simple interest from the date the debt was acquired from an eligible poor country.
The rest will drift out when you get back to ship and take the suit off.
550. The remarkable issue is the integration of the policies and long-term strategies through policy and strategy development in health sector, the long-term development of master plan of 2003-2007 and the development of the expenses framework of 2003-2005.
009. General debate
"Bearing in mind the related recommendation contained in the Final Document adopted by the Conference of Foreign Ministers of Non-Aligned Countries, held at Nicosia from 7 to 10 September 1988,
39. All of the human rights institutions face severe financial crises which undermine their ability to function effectively.
83. The Committee urges the State party to ensure that juvenile justice standards are fully implemented, in particular, articles 37(b), 40 and 39 of the Convention, as well as the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Administration of Juvenile Justice (Beijing Rules), the United Nations Guidelines for the Prevention of Juvenile Delinquency (Riyadh Guidelines) and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of their Liberty (Havana Rules).
4. Mr. Blake-Lawson (United Kingdom) said that his delegation had considerable concerns about chapter 11 on transfer of rights.
(20) The Committee notes with concern the allegations concerning the transfer of detainees to the Security Centre without an official warrant and the reports of incommunicado detention.
Having considered the recommendation of the secretariat proposing changes to the UNICEF Maurice Pate Leadership for Children Award (E/ICEF/2006/16),
34. Ms. Arocha Domínguez said that the report did not provide sufficient information on the implementation of article 5 (a).
 Important in this context is the fact that Iraq, in August 1995, officially admitted that it had hitherto concealed important information from the Commission and IAEA.
Grandpa was fond of long stories about his days as a cowboy, and usually found attentive listeners.
Members of the Assembly can rest assured that the people of Europe, united in the memory of the horror and in their desire to promote peace and solidarity among all peoples, will continue to act together to repel any temptation to forget and the dangers of disavowal.
However, by an explication of the text itself and the comprehension of the idea, coherence between the poem and the idea is found, and a new apprehension of the theme of this poem is presented.
The reduction of the budget credits under this heading has created difficulties for the Court.
Montreal
Costs are also associated with the pharmaceutical use of lindane, specifically, the cost of managing alpha- and beta-HCH residuals.
The events of 11 September 2001 had galvanized the international community into taking concerted action against terrorism and the United Nations should continue to play a leading role in that regard.
Original: English
13. Invites the SecretaryGeneral to give support to the SubCommission, inter alia by making available documentation in good time before each session in the official languages of the United Nations and assisting the SubCommission in requests for information from Governments and intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations, and reiterates that such requests, like all requests for concrete measures, must first have been approved by the Commission;
By 31 January 2003, regional headquarters in Mostar and Banja Luka were fully liquidated.
All material accounts receivable have been included in the financial statements, and represent valid claims against debtors.
Taking into account all of the claims added to or transferred from the nineteenth instalment, the Panel has resolved a total of 710 claims, including two claims that have been withdrawn.
Post adjustment multiplier
One important kind of expression is a location path.
BenQ, the Taiwanese electronics group, is being investigated for alleged insider trading, prosecutors and officials at the island's financial regulator said yesterday.
65. As part of its efforts to address the social dimensions of globalization, ILO focused on the interlinkages among forced labour, child labour, illegal migration and trafficking.
(sections 7   9 of Cap 176)
The Security Council in resolution 1373 (2001) contributed to this end by deciding that all States should ensure that any person who participates in the financing, planning, preparation or perpetration of terrorist acts or in support of terrorist acts is brought to justice, and that such terrorist acts are established as serious criminal offences in domestic laws and regulations.
"China and Burma share many common interests in political, economic and security aspects, " he said.
Mr. James Gachui
The primary responsibility for implementing the agreement lies with the parties.
- Ensuring equality of men and women with regard to reversion benefits;
This offer is firm subject to your acceptance reaching us not later than December 15.
It further recommends that the State party redefine the minimum age for admission to employment so that it corresponds to the age at which compulsory education ends.
25. The review process revealed considerable interest in the question of the roles and tasks performed by special procedures mechanisms within the terms of their mandates.
At least 3 technical, consultative and advisory meetings in connection with the ratification and domestication of the following outstanding international human rights treaties: (a) the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women; (b) the Convention against Torture; (c) the first Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; (d) the second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; and (e) the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families; and the harmonization of national laws with international treaties through meetings, commentaries and position papers
The outcome of the meeting was the Windhoek High-level Ministerial Declaration, which calls for an integrated response by African countries and the international community in support of sustainable agriculture and rural development approaches, and stresses the importance of food security and strengthening the agriculture sector in Africa.
For example, under "indicators of progress," the Committee notes that in some instances outputs are presented rather than indicators of achievement (e.g., item 1.1.2).
The police, while not refusing to provide protection to the demonstration, informed the organizers that it would be impossible to prevent counter-demonstrators from disrupting the march, which in fact occurred.
later: Mr. Chipaziwa (Chairperson) (Zimbabwe)
The breach of an obligation under a peremptory norm of general international law may be less likely on the part of international organizations than on the part of States.
TheEnglish and the French sees this scene then to ask that is oldbeautifully: You since on the body are hiding the weapon, whyinitially didn't open fire, wants the captive which the little darlingwas others?
Experimental and model programmes and projects that could be adapted to different circumstances will be elaborated with a view to eradicating illicit crops through alternative development.
4.18 The State party next notes that the duration of the pretrial investigation in the case was reasonable given the complexity of the case.
Ciochina
These rules would not apply either if the applicable law is the law of a State with multiple units and multiple jurisdictions in which application of such a renvoi could inadvertently result in uncertainty as to the applicable law.
The Bureau for Woman and Childcare of 's Lands Hospitaal is also responsible for postnatal care.
Per capital income has also significantly increased from Kyat 1800 in 1988 to Kyat 221,217 at present.
www.un.org/depts/dpa/palestine
Susan, are you aware the man you're blithely escorting around has a documented history of savage violence against robots?
This imposition of a grave penalty may work as a deterrent at the national level where the offender is a citizen of the country in question, but it may have an adverse effect where foreigners are involved.
2. The situation in Libya.
I want to be your Valentine.To my ever loving; I am yours forever.
It shall submit an annual report to the Steering Committee.
As a Supreme Court judge (1987-1994) I continued to specialize in criminal law at both the trial and the appellate level.
; [06:39.43]Chapter 42 A True Friend ; [06:42.11]He's a friend in need.
Caseload 49. In its reports for 1993 and 1995 the Board pointed out the need to assess the caseloads of refugees accurately so as to ensure that programme benefits reach the intended beneficiaries.
2. In such a case, the breach extends over the entire period starting with the first of the actions or omissions of the series and lasts for as long as these actions or omissions are repeated and remain not in conformity with the international obligation.
Executive Director, National Commission for Women and Children
What measures have been taken by your State to implement those existing principles of international humanitarian law that are considered by your State as relevant to the use of munitions, including sub-munitions, that may become ERW?
4. The first theme referred to the changing nature of how trade was conducted in actual practice and understood in economic theory.
These activities, however, require close cooperation with the Kosovo Verification Mission and the support of the international community.
Learn more about California pinot noir wine with tips from a wine expert in this free wine video on pinot noir.
6. Elections to organs:
That legacy, in combination with the anguish caused by our recent experiences, has resulted in special sensitivity on issues of protection of cultural heritage.
China maintains military contacts with other countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence, and develops cooperative military relations that are non-aligned, non-confrontational and not directed against any third party.
The syngas obtained from these techniques can have a calorific value the equivalent of propane and has excellent heat properties.
Access to justice for individuals and communities was particularly important, as it built trust in national institutions and encouraged the peaceful settlement of disputes.
The functions of the World Customs Organization (WCO) and regional customs cooperation in East African countries should be evaluated as equally important.
For a while he worked on the farm, then taught monks, then became a teacher in a primary school whose principal was a landlord and the local usurer.
A document on the proposed activities of the Centre, which had been developed for implementation in March 1999, as well as other matters relating to the Centre, will be reviewed at the resumed session of the Board in 1999.
 Today we look forward to seeing the aspirations to freedom, peace, democracy and development whose fulfilment that great leader desires for his people become a reality.
11 May 1999)
The Centre supports the Bafia coalition of women and girls in the promotion of their activities relating to the elaboration, monitoring and evaluation of their development projects.
Private finance is not that uncommon nowadays.
41. This campaign has had repercussions: there have been violent incidents in various districts, including some targeting human rights organizations, and people have begun using a dedicated hotline.
I did not know that a harmonica can sound that expressive. . .
But that can only be 10)accomplished by throwing it into the fires of Mount Doom, in the heart of the dark lords 11)territory
We should continue to make nine-year compulsory education universal across the country, intensify vocational education and training, develop continued education and set up a system of life-long education.
Don't stop. Baroness: Something long and cool, George
The poor old sod  got the sack yesterday.
The implementation of a new marketing or managerial strategy turned out to be either already implemented or within reach.
'Why did nobody else see these footprints
EMINENTThe most eminent doctors treated the king in his illness.
Instead , her doorman  served  him tea, informing him , " Miss Su will be right out. "
Position paper by the European Union
You can use BIG to act as a programmer-friendly interface between the in-game transactions and the out-of-game commerce engine.
266. The role of the United Nations in the promotion and protection of human rights must be strengthened, renewed and revitalized if the promises of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action are to be kept.
Once you do find a topic, you can expect two or more years until completion, with very few landmarks or milestones in sight.
against Women General recommendation No. 11: Technical advisory services for reporting obligations
Regulations for the Protection of Layout-design of Integrated Circuits Chapter I General Provisions Article 1 With a view to protecting the exclusive right of layout-design of integrated circuits, encouraging the innovation of integrated circuit technology and boosting the development of science and technology, the Regulations are hereby formulated as follows.
She was allegedly detained for seven hours, during which she was given neither water nor her medication for a heart condition; she was told there would be time enough to take her medicines in prison.
Therefore the innovation of the system is the basic route for city agglomeration development.
Personal computers and accessories
She attributed this to investors wanting products that are transparent and liquid.
Given the regional scope of the problem, one of the most important peacebuilding initiatives was the International Conference on Central American Refugees held in May 1989, known by its Spanish acronym CIREFCA.
The shores of this Mediterranean country were bathed in sunlight.
With special power tools they worked on the lock.
You looks as strong as you were ten years ago
(2) The certificate of final destination must include the following information:
Attended in the past
Filzmoos
C. Situational crime prevention
While recognizing that some violations are in the process of being investigated and sanctioned by the State party's Federal Inspectorate, the Committee is also concerned that issues relating to the environmental and health impact of business activities are not addressed in a transparent manner that allows for informed public scrutiny and participation.
PC power has reached a level close to that needed for procession television and sound data streams in real time, multimedia was born.
E/1978/8/Add.3
11. The Committee's new initiatives and working methods had not met with a corresponding increase in resources or meeting time.
Severe limitations had to be overcome in the development of specialized human resources because of the limited access to scientific and technical information, up-to-date bibliographies and paucity of opportunity for exchange of experiences with top-level institutions in the United States.
In addition, the State party notes that the complainant registered with the Belarus Embassy in Ukraine in 2000; this Embassy issued him a passport in 2002, valid until 2006.
The UN-Habitat Youth Empowerment Programme continued to work in the Kibera slum and the Mavoko informal settlement in Nairobi to provide on-the-job training for youth through the construction of their own youth training centre.
Interest arrears
Treasury is asking Congress for broad discretion here, saying that the Treasury secretary, in consultation with the chairman of the Federal Reserve, should have the authority to expand the eligibility if necessary 'to effectively stabilize financial markets.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 55/162 of 14 December 2000, on the follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit, requested the Secretary-General to prepare a "road map" on how these commitments could be fulfilled.
Scientists have long speculated that Saturn's largest moon might have seas filled with organic compounds like ethane and methane.
The colloquium had provided a valuable forum for both countries' experts in the field of international law to examine the Court's role and performance since its establishment in 1945 and to consider its future role by canvassing reform proposals.
How can we ensure a system of access to nuclear energy for peaceful purposes that is fair, secure, safe and safeguarded?
Integrated copier/scanner/fax
The Committee had also stepped up its efforts to encourage States parties with long overdue reports to comply with their reporting obligations.
India for example hopes that its new FTA will allow it to become a hub for Korean electronics companies seeking to exploit lower labour costs to make goods destined for markets in the Middle East.
The recourse to relatively inexperienced translators at such duty stations was not an effective solution since the smaller duty stations had little capacity for training.
Within a given system this and the other laws of thermodynamics can apply to what unfolds within time.
Because the film thickness was micrometer, the resolution of the measurement equipment must be nanometer.
12. Under subprogramme 2, Military, clarification was sought on indicator of achievement (a) (ii) as to who approved the list of potential troop-contributing countries and whether the host country played any role.
Committee against Torture
In fact in the world of today, employment is an essential factor in integration.
In the morning, it is proposed that we commence our work at 9.40 a.m. and we will listen to dignitaries from Chile, Iran and Italy.
Finished goods -- embroidery
All complaints of torture are impartially and comprehensively investigated into and perpetrators prosecuted in court.
It expressed particular concern that those media outlets and certain political figures used sensitive topics such as the war with a neighbouring country in order to create hostile social attitudes against human rights defenders.
He and other five people took a boat and went away, trying to find their way out
And could I ever keep awake With me 'twere always day.
138. In 2004, a profound challenge that many relevant States Parties faced was the need to increase numbers of trained rehabilitation specialists including doctors, nurses, physiotherapists and orthopaedic technicians.
Raise awareness of publicly available data
(c) Special economic assistance to individual countries or regions.
Overcapacity is still a prominent iron and steel industry faces hidden.
Some of us move from place to place in a temporary way, while others have a fixed abode; a little piece of work real estate that we call home.
Division
NASA has cancelled the launch of Endeavour for the fifth time Monday due to thunderstorms near the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
ES.3. Overview of source and sink category emission estimates and trends
The requirement to observe and protect human rights, especially the rights of repatriates and internally displaced persons, but also those of the civilian population as a whole, is becoming increasingly pronounced in this confused situation.
Public service broadcasting
Bulgaria
"1. The application of sanctions is an extreme measure and is permitted only after all other peaceful means of settling the dispute or conflict and of maintaining or restoring international peace and security, including the provisional measures provided for in Article 40 of the Charter of the United Nations, have been exhausted and only when the Security Council has determined the existence of a threat to peace, a breach of the peace or an act of aggression.
November
Focus on the international market is consistent direction of development.
The total Microfinance Department budget for the biennium 2012-2013 is $25.8 million, of which $25.7 million relates to this goal.
A newly restarted Iranian nuclear program would add a worrisome dimension to Iran’s strategic rivalry with Saudi Arabia.
Rule 104.16
- Relevant documents of the tenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/58, SPLOS/59, SPLOS/60);
25. Since 2007, the Global Programme to Enhance Reproductive Health Commodity Security has been supporting countries to carry out the diverse and multifaceted work needed to improve procurement and logistics systems and prevent stock-outs of contraceptives and essential drugs and medicines for maternal health.
Training of various categories of staff will enhance services, improve their technical and professional skills and ensure better support to the various components of the Mission.
I. Introduction
It looks at the concrete and the abstract, the visible and the invisible, the truth and the untruth.
As the seller had been unable to resell the goods for more than the market price, i.e. the market price at the place of delivery rather than that at the seller’s place of business, the method of calculation under article 76 CISG was applied.
C. Prevention of an Arms Race in Outer Space
His face flushed, tears started from his eyes. He couldn't understand why Whiskers should suddenly be so angry with him.
However, the Committee regrets that there is no specific legal prohibition of corporal punishment in foster care, military schools, kinship care and the workplace, and that despite legal prohibitions for some areas, the de facto situation is that children are still victims of corporal punishment.
III. Project grants recommended at the eleventh session 11
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling
8. As security conditions in the country were better than anticipated, in particular during the election period, the purchase of armoured vehicles ($420,000) became unnecessary.
 Efforts now under way to promote greater complementarity between country strategy notes and policy framework papers should be pursued.
She called to her, Sister Ann, Sister Ann, go the the window and see if my brothers are coming.
Max. web width
It recommends that the State party adopt national legislation for the determination of refugee status, making suitable provision for the special procedures required for child refugees.
but I may whisper it among friends.
Many of these have been addressed during 2009.
There is a growing array of different sets of preferential rules of origin worldwide.
Seven weeks after heavy rainfall and flash floods had claimed their first victims in the north-western province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, flood waves continued to devastate the southern province of Sindh before flood waters reached the Arabian Sea.
In other words, if you think a project will only need one week, try to get a 10 day deadline.
Thus, ever since the establishment of the United Nations, and throughout the work of the Open-ended Working Group on Security Council reform, my country has maintained its opposition to the veto.
Informal informal consultations on the draft resolution, entitled "Intensifying global efforts or the elimination of female genital mutilations" (under agenda item 27 (a)) (convened by the delegation of Burkina Faso)
The thesis mainly uses genetic algorithm(GA) to optimize PI adjustor parameters.
These locations include Baidoa, Marka and Mogadishu.
Even under the most optimistic scenarios for growth, it will not be possible to achieve the maternal mortality and literacy indicators.
A commemorative journal issued on this historic occasion highlighted: the magnitude, over the decades, of the United Nations system’s training activities and their responsiveness to the needs of United Nations Member States; the multiple beneficial effects derived from this training because recipients went forward through professional activities at all levels to promote the goals and principles embodied in the Charter of the United Nations; and WAFUNIF’s accomplishments during its 17 years of service to the United Nations system and its future plans.
Resettlement could also help to solve the refugee problem, but only 835 Afghan citizens had been resettled from Iran since the beginning of the year.
However, in the absence of legal or institutional relationship between UNON and the MEAs, the Executive Director of UN-Habitat has no authority to issue instructions to UNON concerning the provision of services for MEAs.
ICAO, Council
Part II of this report reflects the additional, updated information.
If the system low-power mode should be enabled when on laptop battery power.
29. The deployment of MINUSTAH police is being adjusted to maximize resources oriented towards the electoral process.
Governing Council decision 16 (S/AC.26/1992/16) provides that "[i]nterest will be awarded from the date the loss occurred until the date of payment, at a rate sufficient to compensate successful claimants for the loss of use of the principal amount of the award."
cost will come from recruiting and training workers to cover new mothers' longer absences.
Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors
The HT procedure is also critical and requires strict controls to ensure the proper microstructure.
Having concluded its consideration of complaint No. 171/2000, submitted to the Committee against Torture by Mr. Jovica Dimitrov under article 22 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment,
The purpose of the network is to exchange ideas and lessons learned, to keep members abreast of current initiatives and to provide an opportunity for learning and inter-agency cooperation.
135. UNHCR has had a very positive experience with the management evaluation process, which has enabled management to critically review its decisions, take remedial action before cases escalate to the Dispute Tribunal and review and improve its procedures.
To strengthen the capacity of line ministries in promoting gender equality, a number of countries such as Japan, Kenya, the Sudan and the Syrian Arab Republic have put in place gender officers and/or gender units within line ministries.
The work with media to ensure that the media respect and promote respect for women has being ongoing.
off-floor trading office of profit
115. Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
In the same paragraph, the Working Party further requested that “in this context the secretariat should prepare a comprehensive report detailing all the activities undertaken to implement various mandates entrusted to it since the inception of the Trade Point Programme”.
It was unfortunate that a cost-sharing arrangement with the funds and programmes had not yet been finalized; he trusted that an agreement would soon be reached.
And those that traveled further afield were physically even less diverse, contributing to more physical uniformity on the continents where they settled.
6. The ESCWA meeting was organized in collaboration with UNCTAD and the Arab Monetary Fund.
Mediators have to display and safeguard their independence.
The Assembly concluded its consideration of agenda item 168.
THE SITUATION IN SIERRA LEONE
In this context, the Committee also reminded the Government that for many years, it has been requesting that necessary measures be taken to supplement the legislation with regard to the prison system by a provision requiring the formal consent of detainees who are hired by private individuals, companies or associations, and ensuring conditions which approximate a free labour relationship, in terms of remuneration and occupational safety and health.
Implementation.
34. The situation in Côte d'Ivoire (20 December 2002; 13 May 2011).
There'll be some sport reviews on TV. 643.
Article 45 If a member of the public security organ commits one of the following acts, he shall be investigated for criminal responsibility according to law; if the act does not constitute a crime, the shall be given an administrative sanction in accordance with law: (1) to arm or equip with guns units or individuals other than the ones as prescribed in Articles 5 and 6 of this Law; (2) to issue certificates for control of guns illegally; (3) to take confiscated guns into his own possession; or (4) to lead to bad consequences by failing to perform his duties for control of guns.
National strategies must combine law enforcement and prevention efforts.
The meeting was called to order at 10.25 a.m.
24.17 This component of subprogramme 2 is the responsibility of the Treasury of the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts.
The guidelines recommend measures concerning drug abuse in prisons and the transmission of HIV by intravenous injection using shared needles, as well as counselling for prisoners both in prison and upon being released.
Geographical representation
After the 2008 economic crisis, the United States and the United Kingdom were able to employ unconventional monetary policies to escape recession.
Band 2
We usually make payment by irrevocable letter of credit, negotiable against Shipping documents.
529. The Committee expresses its concern that the minimum wage in Morocco is not sufficient to allow workers to maintain an adequate standard of living for themselves and their families.
On the grounds that the right to expel is an inalienable right of the State, States do not hesitate to use it as a shield against aliens whom they view either as a threat to national security or as a potential threat to public order in the host country.
(of gases,esp the atmosphere)of less than usual density
In particular, the Committee draws attention to the regulations requiring that all strikes be authorized by UGTT, which severely curtails the rights to strike and to freedom of association.
so much for trust.
The State of Food Insecurity in the World. FAO, Rome.
Success would mean a childhood sacrifice but the reward---an escape from this that backbreaking life.
17. The duty to fulfil rights places an obligation on States parties to take appropriate legislative, judicial, administrative, budgetary, economic and other measures to the maximum extent of their available resources to ensure that women realize their rights to health care.
3. Discussion of substantive issues related to international cooperation in tax matters:
Pass me the chips. That's what's up.
United Methodist Church - General Board of Church Society
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 63/239 of 24 December 2008 on the Doha Declaration on Financing for Development: outcome document of the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus,
(ii) Safety, security or non-disclosure of the identity of a victim or witness as provided in rule 95;
 23. In my report of 6 October, I noted that, with the induction of new contingents, I expected the UNAMIR force strength to exceed the authorized level temporarily.
On 12 May 2011, that is 27 days in pretrial detention, they were presented before a judge who convicted them to two months detention and to a fine of 500 taka each as well as removal from Bangladesh.
Secretariat services associated with the Committee's second session are part of the core secretariat costs (professional personnel and administrative support, as set out in the table in appendix I).
Future status of the Territory
12 meetings, in coordination with United Nations agencies, funds and programmes and national human rights and child protection agencies, to advise the Government on: a package of basic human rights legislation, including child protection legislation in accordance with international standards; institutional reform; the development of a comprehensive child protection plan; and the establishment of alternatives to the imprisonment of minors
Trusteeship Council Chamber
Activities in this area will build on the parliamentary work of IPU Member Parliaments, the contribution of both men and women, the expertise of former members of parliament and contributions of international partner organizations, including UN-Women.
 information provided in the document, it was difficult to understand the reasons for the increase.
Information and Knowledge
Taking in the harbour view was towards Kowloon also a must for visitors to Victoria.
In her communication the Special Rapporteur requested the Government to inform her of investigations carried in regard to the case of Mr. Mudbari, as well as steps taken to ensure and protect his right to life and physical integrity.
Only about 800,000 refugees are actively seeking asylum and refugee status in North America, Europe as well as in developing countries in 2006.
ENGLISH Original:
She snapped a rubber band deftly around a roll of bills.
Vb res start 2
So they wouldn't force themselves to go outside, nor do some exercise.
 However, the same minority continues to lay waste the planet's natural resources, while poverty is increasing and putting down roots in regions where it used to occur only from time to time or was only a localized phenomenon.
The lead agencies approached the Division for assistance and invited it to participate as an integral element in the implementation of the General Assembly's decision.
There,strolling along the famous 5th Avenue,I was simply exhilarated.
This umbrella project is expected to (a) increase national capacity to enhance the competitiveness of SMEs and agro-based enterprises through, among other things, the transfer and development of environmentally sound and energy-efficient agricultural and non-agricultural technologies; (b) to support their effective participation in regional markets and value chains; and (c) to increase capacity in member States to promote and facilitate more inclusive and sustainable business practices in the agricultural and in other sectors.
Proposed for the biennium 2010-2011
Rates of exchange and inflation (Increase: $5,738,000)
The world must not succumb to the dictates of Israeli extremists. It must not allow Israel to persist in its violation of international law and its defiance of international will and decisions.
The consolidation of functions is intended to improve the Mission's capacity to provide financial management services in view of the forthcoming implementation of International Public Sector Accounting Standards and the enterprise resource planning system.
How beautiful!
The Commission will also have before it the report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Friends of the Chair on statistical indicators for measuring violence against women.
Better safe than sorry We will do whatever is necessary to help protect the health and safety of the public, Earthbound Farm spokeswoman Samantha Cabaluna said in a statement.
The document also contains information regarding the decision of the Commission to establish an expert group to study the role of private security services and their contribution to crime prevention and community safety. Contents
Roman Catholic Diocese of Diphu
24.40 The subprogramme is the responsibility of the Information and Communications Technology Service.
While the new ministries were re-established, the new Cabinet positions have yet to be filled.
Before the vote, statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, San Marino, the United States, Costa Rica, Slovenia, El Salvador, Gabon, Monaco, Guatemala, Pakistan, Honduras, Haiti, the Syrian Arab Republic, Argentina, Colombia, Chile, Paraguay, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador and Panama.
8. Aref was released on 5 May 1999, thanks to an amnesty decreed by the new Presidentelect of Djibouti.
In Europe, Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg's prime minister, who chairs meetings of eurozone finance ministers, said this week that Japan's recovery should be reflected in the yen's exchange rate.
That's a good question. Well, you know in Houston, T-Mac [Tracy McGrady] is the boss, he is the chief, he is the king.
The Acting President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 6 of its report.
President Barack Obama is confident the plan will work
Believing that there are a number of practical steps that the nuclear-weapon States can and should take immediately before the actual elimination of nuclear arsenals and the development of requisite verification regimes take place, and in this connection noting certain recent unilateral and other steps,
Start Point
She emphasized that the problems facing women were so diverse and complex that no single nation, let alone a United Nations body, could solve them in isolation.
d. it was interesting and easy to follow. much more difficult to follow than i had expectedm: nancy, why were you late today
Gaceta Oficial No. 5380 of 6 October 1928
Give Yourself
The Frente POLISARIO had first rejected and then had finally accepted that interpretation, but not before instructing its tribal chiefs to object to criteria 4 and 5, the effect of which was to slightly increase the size of the electorate.
Condemning the increasing number of attacks and other acts of violence against humanitarian personnel, facilities, assets and supplies, including medical personnel, vehicles and facilities, and expressing deep concern about the negative implications of such attacks for the provision of humanitarian assistance to affected populations,
A good archer is not know by his arrows, but his aim.
12. A broad and comprehensive mapping of the engagement of UNICEF with the World Bank was conducted in early 2010 and concluded that cooperation between the two institutions is important and involves all sectors of the work of UNICEF.
This understanding will have major implications for stability in the country and should help to promote national reconciliation.
The Committee was informed, that discussions were still ongoing as to how to address the situation in which the "cap" set for geographic moves might be reached before the end of a given year.
31. It is important to note that approximately 1,230 personnel from the United Nations Secretariat and from the specialized agencies, funds and programmes are currently housed elsewhere in Geneva.
Agenda item 15
B. Pillar 2: Safer roads and mobility
663. With regard to recommendation 11 on administrative detention, the Crime Prevention Act was a law to prevent crimes, particularly murder, honour crimes and theft, through the action of the Administrative Governor, whose resolutions and decisions were reviewed by the judiciary and the High Court of Justice, to make sure that the enforcement of authority was not arbitrary and that abuses were sanctioned.
I want to take calligraphy, worthy of an upright Chinese.
Moraine Ridge
According to the new concept, great attention is paid to the following activities: informative education, adult education, culture and environment.
2. likelihood n. I don't think there is any likelihood of his agreeing to it.
Recently bought a pair of scissors, along with real estate Nanjing scissors.
Through its unremitting efforts to promote human rights education, the Decade has enhanced worldwide respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, encouraged understanding, tolerance and friendship among different racial, ethnic, religious and linguistic groups and nations, and facilitated people-centered sustainable development and social justice.
20. Governments report that there is a continuing need for data collection and in-depth research on the family and its functions, relationships and dynamics.
We hope that the conclusions of those debates will be reflected in the final document of the Panel.
4.1 On 4 December 2001, the State party challenged the admissibility of the complaint on the grounds that the complainant has neither employed nor exhausted available domestic remedies.
3. Mr. Gómez Robledo (Mexico) was elected Chairman by acclamation.
 The Joint Inspection Unit shall also bring to the attention of the Committee any problem which it may consider important within the scope of the Committee's responsibilities.
We had a most enjoyable evening.
We are actually exerting our redundant energy sharing our accomplishments in our fields with you.
The requirements for drawing up applications and licenses, as well as the procedure for submitting documents to obtain licences, are determined by the Federal Military and Technical Cooperation Service.
This will ensure that there is capacity to utilize effectively the support given to this group to adapt to the impacts and participate in mitigation actions;
Therefore, Urenco represents a good management model for multinational arrangements and demonstrates the viability and utility of separating the political and business decision-making authorities, a division of authority that has never disrupted the industrial and operational responsibilities of the organisation.
2. Measures to strengthen crime prevention and criminal justice responses to protect cultural property, especially with regard to its trafficking:
89. The Secretary-General indicated that the United Nations project was considered to be at an above-average level of complexity with a medium to good level of readiness, to which a benchmark figure of between $10,000 and $12,000 per user would be applicable, with some 43,000 users worldwide.
After all, Africa saw domestic savings rate of over 30 per cent in 1980 (see table 2).
(c) Mineral resources of the Area other than polymetallic nodules (Kingston, 2000);
30. Reminds the Secretary-General of the need to include in future programme budget proposals for the Department of Public Information the importance of using all six official languages in its activities;
I would like to take this opportunity to inform the General Assembly that several African heads of State undertook certain commitments at the special African Union summit held from 2 to 4 May 2006, which I attended.
“3. Invites Member States to submit detailed information to the Committee in explanation of their requests as soon as possible so as to facilitate the work of the Committee;
I knew nothing of this lich of yours, but when my diviners told me of the explosion, I feared for the integrity of the Snarl's prison.
I wish to use modified firearms and blank ammunition for filming purpose. Do I need to apply for a permit?
It also commits to ensure that 1/3 of the funds flowing into Panchayats be earmarked for programmes for development of women and children and rural women be involved to assume responsibilities for development schemes related to drinking water, education, health etc.
This map is derived by interpolating between measurements; its aim is to portray the overall pattern of deposition levels and extent rather than to indicate precise demarcation areas.
Delegates, before the Committee proceeds to take decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.11 contained in cluster 1, "Nuclear Weapons," I shall give the floor to those delegations wishing to make a general statement other than explanations of vote or to introduce revised draft resolutions.
The Ministry of Justice signed an inter-ministerial decree in August 2010 establishing a steering committee to develop and implement a national justice sector strategy.
They hire out glassware for parties.
This included:
Please provide information and statistics on cases in which those accused of torture or ill-treatment have been brought before courts and have been prosecuted, and sentenced in accordance with the gravity of their acts.
2017–18 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating
The existing U.S. facilities are subject to a technology based emissions standard (the MACT regulation), which requires controls and emissions limits for process vents and relatively stringent work practice standards or a cell room monitoring program to minimize fugitive emissions from the cell rooms.
Tanzania had participated vigorously in bilateral and multilateral negotiations for better terms in international trade.
LCQ11: Developing Multiple Intelligence Among Young People
CRC (1990) OP-CRC-AC (2002) OP-CRC-SC (2002)
We were encouraged by the way the Israeli Government showed great courage in implementing the withdrawal from Gaza and the northern West Bank this summer.
10. The 10 major countries to supply United Nations organizations in 2007 included three developing countries - India, Panama and Afghanistan.
This is a case between two parties from Brazil which contains a dicta reference to Article 77 CISG.
Fourteenth Annual Conference of the High Contracting Parties to Amended Protocol II to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects [article 13, paragraph 1, of the Amended Protocol]b,c
The latter Department considers the matter with a view to determining whether or not the request is of a formal nature, i.e. whether there is a legal compulsion for the Department to approach the Minister for approval to assist.
6. Possible immunity of members against prosecution or any claim relating to the performance of their duties or discharge of their functions.
and you sat on a splendid couch with a table arranged before it on which you had set My incense and My oil.
The principles of objectivity, non-politicization and non-selectivity should be upheld.
Estimate 2012-2013: 4 (cumulative)
Many East Asians can't metabolize alcohol because they carry a mutation that prevents them from making ADH.
34. Mr. Ruidíaz (Chile) said that his Government would uphold its obligation to fulfil the rights to truth, justice and reparation of victims of enforced disappearance under the dictatorship.
It only made them and continued to do so because government interfered with the normal operations of the market and prevented readjustment from taking place.
When did Xu Haifeng win the first Olympic gold medal for China?
UNEP/CHW/OEWG/7/9
We find ourselves in more troubles at home and work.
or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
First regular session 2010: 19 to 22 January 2010
The little mermaid could not help thinking of her first rising out of the sea, when she had seen similar festivities and joys; and she joined in the dance, poised herself in the air as a swallow when he pursues his prey, and all present cheered her with wonder.
Total requirements
In facilitating a more integrated approach, UNEP will draw upon its knowledge base and on integrated environmental assessments for more effective management of natural systems at multiple scales and across sectors through technical and institutional capacitybuilding.
93. The incidence of sexist and discriminatory advertisements is also monitored, among other things, by certain non-governmental organizations.
What is your assessment of using reading skills as a Roll-up measure for the organization?
Geoffrey Patterson
Ambassador
It a continuing process that a new crop of innovative vendors are making more interesting.
3. Chapter III - Article 1 (Definition of Discrimination). Article 2 (condemnation of discrimination, remedial measures) and Article 3 (implementation of the convention through all available means).
(o) From 2 to 5 September, she has been invited to participate in the plenary meeting of the Human Movements and Immigration (HMI) World Congress, organized as part of Forum Barcelona 2004.
Recalling further the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted on 8 September 2000,
I like to enjoy movies late at night, alone, Looking at the sad pictures , tearful pleading face.
Recalling Resolution No. 5/30-E adopted by the Thirtieth Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers;
644. The Committee invites the State party to continue, and to strengthen when necessary, measures to protect child victims and witnesses at all stages of the criminal justice process.
The operation of liability and the unique nature of bank operations, are closely linked with the public interest and attendant with risk.
Threat assessments were being conducted in order to determine the scope of witness protection work to be undertaken by the Residual Special Court. The monitoring mechanism for the enforcement of sentences was being reviewed in order to ensure the integrity of enforcement.
Today, continuing clashes resulted in the wounding of another 27 Palestinian protesters.
57. In Recommendation 5, the Bureau recommends continuing the practice of standard three—year terms for thematic mechanisms. It, however, proceeds to suggest that country—specific mandates can be for more than one year, on a case—by—case basis. This is a proposal which is very difficult to understand.
The study provided the European Commission with information concerning the medical and sociocultural aspects of female genital mutilation.
Ms. Gardner was elected by the United Nations General Assembly to serve as a member of the International Civil Service Commission (ICSC) from January 2011 to December 2014.
668. Pakistan valued the efforts and commitments of the Government of Brunei Darussalam in human rights promotion and protection, particularly in shaping pertinent social policies to improve the welfare of its citizens.
What should be the principles and priorities guiding the process of allocation of resources for children at the national level?
It was noted, however, that the mechanism would need to be scaled up substantially and that its governance structures would need to be equitable.
3. Wastes not covered by the Convention
17/117 Procedural decision
That would be very unfortunate because the Conference on Disarmament remains a great idea and a great machine, if only it could be put to its intended use.
Who did George marry?
16. Referring to the comments made by the representative of Japan, he said that his delegation objected to the raising of financial issues before the Sixth Committee, since the Committee was a legal and not a financial body.
14.in possession of   in the possession of   She was found in possession of dangerous drugs
11. Panel of Experts on Liberia
Fighting means killing, and civilized peoples ought to be able to find some way of settling their disputes other than by seeing which side can kill off the greater number of the other side, and then saying that that side which has killed most has won.
Appeal: The time for appeal of the disciplinary measures had not expired as of the submission of the present report.
Ms. Concepción Escobar Hernández (Spain)
The Cabinet was formed in April 2008.
Forested wetlands treat more wastewater per unit of energy and have a benefit/cost ratio of 6 to 22 times higher than that of traditional sand filtration in treatment plants.
Original: English
(5) The Committee commends the State party for the peaceful transition from the apartheid regime and the establishment of a democratic South African society as well as for the adoption of the Constitution of 1996, which includes a Bill of Rights enshrining, inter alia, the rights "to be free from all forms of violence from either public or private sources", "not to be tortured in any way" and "not to be treated or punished in a cruel, inhuman or degrading way", and sets legal safeguards for detained persons.
We create and seize opportunities for growth and development.
Explore the possibility of conducting similar mapping exercises in other countries on the agenda;
The unicorn is an imaginary beast.
Karatsu Castle
Ever found yourself dumped by a friend embarking on a romance?
Angola
I would love, at some point in the future, to talk with you again.
Provided daily liaison with guarantor parties and other Member States
The strategic programme of UN-Women would be a useful tool for advancing towards that goal.
Overseas host units for the holding of exhibitions in China should be exhibition agencies, large transnational corporations, economic groups or organizations (including economic and trade promotion agencies, chambers of commerce and trade associations, etc.) with appropriate scale, strength for the holding of exhibitions and good international influence.
There are 50 crisis centres in Norway, from one to eight centres in each county.
They also pledged their political and technical support for the presidential and legislative elections to be held in the first semester of 2012; UNMIT is expected to assist the Timorese authorities in the security and logistical aspects of the election.
Official travel, training
What would you most want to let your gaze rest uponI, naturally, should want most to see the things which have become dear to me through my years of darkness.
17. It has been difficult to obtain data for 1998 and 1999.
She'd see the bulges and all hell would break loose.
Oh ok then, Ill come and watch you!
Like West Africa, the Great Lakes region is on the road to peace in spite of persistent instability in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Alps are some of the most impressive mountains.
Mikewas different from the rest of our homogeneous group in more ways tha.
The Task Force believes that it is critical that a gender perspective is adopted in all elements of design, planning and implementation of humanitarian activities.
Reaffirming its previous resolutions and statements of its President concerning the situation in Somalia and Eritrea, in particular resolutions 733 (1992), 1844 (2008), 1907 (2009), 2036 (2012), 2060 (2012) and 2093 (2013),
D. Costa Rica
Listen,I helped that new neighbor,Pam, Move into her apartment,we hung out for,like,three hours.
126. Measures are needed to ensure women's equal access to education and to training and retraining.
These representatives, who are all volunteers, represent WAGGGS at UN meetings relevant to WAGGGS aims and objectives, namely the furthering of girls and young women.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
a Represents primarily adjustments resulting from the exclusion of items that had previously been included but were determined to be expendable properties.
Croatia
The State is a party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Barclays is in exclusive talks about a takeover of ABN Amro that would rescue the Dutch bank from a campaign by activist investors while creating one of the world's biggest financial institutions.
Taking into account that Parties to the Montreal Protocol have assumed a firm commitment to recover and protect the ozone layer,
39. An evaluation team, comprising representatives of the Department of Political Affairs and the United Nations Office for West Africa, UNODC, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) visited Sierra Leone from 9 to 19 April 2013.
But at the same time, we do have questions with regard to this mission.
The release of this information could be productive in respect of construction contracts but of limited or no benefit in other procurement situations.
5. If a member of the Committee dies or resigns or for any other reason can no longer perform his or her Committee duties, the State Party which nominated him or her shall, in accordance with the criteria set out in paragraph 1 of this article, appoint another candidate from among its nationals to serve out his or her term, subject to the approval of the majority of the States Parties.
Strip chess
As a consequence of deceleration of demand growth and oversupply of new vessels, the shipping industry was confronted with tumbling charter and freight rates.
8. Encourages the Special Rapporteur on the right to food to ensure the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the fulfilment of his mandate, and encourages the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and all other United Nations bodies and mechanisms that address the right to food and food insecurity to integrate and effectively implement a gender perspective and a human rights perspective into their relevant policies, programmes and activities regarding access to food;
VI. APPENDIX A: SALARY SCALES FOR STAFF IN THE GENERAL SERVICE CATEGORY, SHOWING ANNUAL GROSS, GROSS PENSIONABLE AND NET SALARY AFTER APPLICATION OF STAFF ASSESSMENT
UN-HABITAT is required to maintain an operating reserve of 20 per cent of estimated annual programme support income (ST/AI/286).
The human resources requirements of the Mission have been reviewed in line with its mandate, the concept of operations and the drawdown plan.
She refers, however, to a pending petition for review that she submitted to the Supreme Court in respect of the decision of 4 September 2003.
16. Naval transportation
:: Monthly meetings with political parties and civil society organizations to promote greater participation in and better awareness of key political processes
699. Since 1989 the Ministry of Culture and Tourism has participated in 134 international book fairs in various 34 countries, such as the book fairs in Frankfurt, Kazan, Moscow, Teheran and Tokyo.
The three remaining individuals had received extensions of short-term or fixed-term appointments on condition that they sat the national competitive examinations.
Zarumilla District
The aim of the plan is to build up resiliency of the people and society to keep up with an ever more globalized world.
2012 initial public offerings
Instead of diffusing gains, they create winner-take-all markets.
The Dream of the Blue Turtles, Nothing Like the Sun, The Soul Cages, Ten Summoners5 Tales, Brand New Day, Sacred Love and Inside, achieve a truly distinctive synthesis6 of personal expression and universal communication.
Working Group established pursuant to resolution 1566 (2004)
In this regard, they noted the growing grip of the armed, terrorist and criminal groups operating in the northern part of Mali, the increasing linkages between terrorist and criminal networks, as well as the violations of human rights there and the dire humanitarian situation prevailing on the ground.
This was sometimes called homestudy or correspondence courses.
British also ingenuity to the tea party as a gathering of one of the important forms.
I am, of course, alert to all perceptions of how this Organization performs, in all areas.
The resolution also recommends that the Secretary-General designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) to serve as secretariat for the intergovernmental expert group, in consultation with the secretariat of UNCITRAL.
The attainment of genuine peace and security essentially means uprooting the lingering causes of conflicts.
I should be grateful if you would bring this information to the attention of the members of the Security Council.
Hypacrosaurus
Recommendation 40/1
Homosexuality  2005-12-24 00:00 JAKE: We have to pick up Conrad before the party
Article 96 The securities registration and clearing agency hereof refers to the securities registration and clearing agency prescribed in Article 155 of the Securities Law of the People鈥檚 Republic of China.
It refers specifically to Article 101 of the Charter, and I believe that it is important to underscore that the only criteria governing promotion should be competence, efficiency and professional skills, with, as the Charter states in Article 101, due account being taken of equitable geographic distribution.
(i) the general location of known and probable UXO;
Equity markets suffered as a consequence.
This failure matters, for it allowed Putin’s unqualified belief in central authority to lead to the recapture of the state by the security services.
Embroidery is done with colored silk thread in different stitches.
In April/May 1998 Fund President and one staff member and one Board member attended the conference hosted by the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) and the World Bank, “African Women in Development: Investing in Our Future”, held at Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
He recalled the importance of special and differential treatment and preferential market access for LDCs.
The debate also opened a window of opportunity to view current strategic thinking on the role of nuclear weapons in security doctrines, a subject raised by Ambassador Bonnier of Sweden last week.
They had to lay over in St. Louis for three hours waiting for a plane to Washington.
(a) A programme related to industrial research and statistics;
The international community has expressed on many occasions its concern about the lack of progress by the nuclear-weapon States in accomplishing the elimination of their nuclear arsenals with a view to nuclear disarmament.
180. Notwithstanding any special measures adopted for the disabled, it may be noted that, as far as minors with physical or mental disabilities are concerned, Argentina has brought its legislation into line with the Declaration on the Rights of Mentally Retarded Persons and the Declaration on the Rights of Disabled Persons, which were proclaimed by the United Nations in 1971 and 1975, respectively.
Recurrent outputs not to be carried out in the biennium 2004-2005
OBJECTIVE To develop the bioaffinity ligands and affinity purification technology for human serum albumin.
Some day, budget permitting, he will expand America's armed forces.
The renminbi appreciated to 7.9982 yuan against the US dollar on May 15, the first time that the currency fell below 8 in 12 years.
If retention was approved, the General Assembly was also asked to decide whether the amounts concerned might be allocated to solve problems such as the inadequate level of the Working Capital Fund.
12. Cost estimates for military contingents for the period 2006/07 total $38,456,600, representing a net decrease of $686,500 (1.8 per cent) as compared to 2005/06.
27. Also at the same meeting, the representative of Iraq made a statement (see A/C.3/57/SR.57).
(o) Contaminated sludge;
URBAN SPRAWL AND SPATIALLY INTERDE-PENDENT DEVELOPMENT OF BEIJING: A ANALYSIS BASED ON THE LOWRY MODEL
(c) Working Capital Fund
Because Ethiopia is planning to launch a full-scale war against Eritrea, it has been fabricating stories this week of Eritrea's "provocations and attacks".
(c) Support training on the use of the Manual on the Effective Investigation and Documentation of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Istanbul Protocol) for all relevant personnel, including medical personnel.
When Mary broke off the engagement, John seemed to go into a flat spin.
We can't hide forever.
The concessionaire may be required to make available simplified and efficient mechanisms for handling claims submitted by its customers or users of the infrastructure facility.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
Public authorities at all administrative levels, including municipalities, are bound by this paragraph. The Committee holds that States parties must ensure that they observe these obligations and report on this.
We have a lot to learn from Bangladesh.
Courtesy on one side only lasts not long.
The core UNU system comprises UNU headquarters in Japan and research and training centres and programmes located in 13 United Nations Member State host countries.
Singapore
Oh, I know'd Dick was square,' returned the voice of the coxswain, Israel Hands
Moreover, the generic scenarios proposed could then be discussed in relation to critical activities or outputs, as defined through the e-survey.
Individual bureau performance is illustrated in figure 7(b), which shows RBLAC leading performance with over 80 per cent and RBAS at under 60 per cent.
President Bush also defended his decision to attend the opening ceremonies of the Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Chile is the first country getting rid of corruption which not only keeping the highest level of incorruptness in Latin America but also overtaking some developed countries.
With a view to improving the education system, the Russian Federation Ministry of Education, the Russian Federation State Committee for the Development of the North, and the Institute of National Education have developed a draft plan for reforming the pre-school and general education system and staff training for a number of indigenous Northern minorities.
It circled over Riyaq, Baalbek and Hirmil before leaving at 1530 hours over Alma al-Sha`b.
1. The President informed the meeting that the General Committee, having considered at its 4th meeting, the question of overlap of issues between the Committees, particularly with regard to the work of Main Committees I and II, proposed that Main Committees I and II should address the issue of compliance/non-compliance in relation to the articles of the Treaty allocated to them, with Main Committee I addressing issues relating to articles I and II, and Main Committee II addressing issues relating to article III.
The corresponding figures for 2013 were approximately 10,000, 8,000 and 600 cases, respectively.
10. Invites the neighbouring States to report to the Committee quarterly on their efforts to implement the arms embargo;
He describes the attitude of the migration services in their handling of cases, an attitude that he maintains has never been penalized by the State party's courts.
Value-added tax
44. In this regard, the Ministers recognized the right of the Argentine Republic to take legal action, with full respect for international law and relevant resolutions, against unauthorized hydrocarbon exploration and exploitation activities in the referred area.
1. States Parties shall take into account the particular problems faced by rural women and the significant roles which rural women play in the economic survival of their families, including their work in the non-monetized sectors of the economy, and shall take all appropriate measures to ensure the application of the provisions of the present Convention to women in rural areas.
Further, we affirm the necessity of achieving a comprehensive, just and lasting peace in the Middle East in accordance with Security Council resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973), 425 (1978), the principle of land for peace, the terms of reference of the Madrid Peace Conference, the Roadmap, the Beirut Arab Peace Initiative and thus the withdrawal of Israel from all the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, the occupied Syrian Golan to the 4 June 1967 line, and the remaining occupied Lebanese territories.
16. At the 1st plenary meeting, on 5 September, the Conference adopted the provisional rules of procedure (A/CONF.171/2) as recommended by the Preparatory Committee for the Conference and approved by the General Assembly in its decision 48/490 of 14 July 1994.
4. Also stresses the special role of the host country Government with regard to support for United Nations Headquarters, in New York;
It is difficult to put a price tag on international justice.
12. Welcomes the third report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants (E/CN.4/2002/94 and Add.1) submitted pursuant to Commission resolution 2001/52 of 24 April 2001, especially regarding the work she has undertaken, and takes note of her observations and recommendations;
33. Information will also be sought from the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies on the basis of a similar inquiry adjusted as appropriate.
Mr. Zikode (South Africa) said that, under UNIDO's regional programme for investment promotion in Africa, his country was honoured to have been chosen as the hub of the newly integrated Subcontracting and Partnership Exchange (SPX) programme.
Members of the Council and Mr. Salim had an exchange of views.
This is why the best for Chile and for all of Latin America is yet to come.
Policymakers worldwide initially underestimated the depth and breadth of the crisis.
The representative of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) noted that in the context of the mercury supply and storage partnership, a project to develop an action plan to address primary mercury mining in Kyrgyzstan was under way.
(c) Developing regulatory and institutional frameworks and cooperative mechanisms to support competitive service supply capacity in all sectors;
This is the nature law, there is no other choice.
20 July 2007
Thereupon, her companions, duly encouraged, jumped on the car and pulled Hurstwood over
A substance or factor that will not promote cancer by itself but can potentiate cancer when acting with carcinogenic agents.
BAGHDAD -- American officials report that the number of sectarian and other killings in Iraq has declined since the onset of the military “surge.”
Janus
Meron, Theodor
These talks helped experts to understand their counterparts' psyches and opened up the lines of communication between the two superpowers.
Evaluation policies and methodologies updated, whenever necessary, to comply with international standards and policy developments.
But the duke had sent for a famous judge to advise him about this trial.
The strategy consolidated Morocco's sector-targeting approach in order to profit from its strengths, facilitate better resource allocation and capitalize on the globalization of economies.
I was talking to Scotty Hillman the guy who owned the cat. That's where he works.
Leesburg, VA, United States
A. United Nations entities involved
I would like to take advantage of this opportunity to express the Community's appreciation for the solidarity displayed by the international community and by the United Nations and its specialized agencies, particularly in their initial efforts to assist those States, but also for the launching of the United Nations flash appeal for Grenada and Haiti.
The executive adds, a little wistfully, that she then disappeared into the night in a car with local licence plates, never to be seen again.
"The Administration should give greater attention to management and completion of liquidation tasks of missions within a specified period by assigning specific responsibility for the post-liquidation functions until all tasks are completed"
Just last Sunday, 22 February, the Fatah Al-Aqsa Brigades had claimed responsibility for a horrific homicidal attack on a crowded commuter bus in central Jerusalem that killed 8 people and wounded 73.
Given current trends, transport energy use and CO2 emissions are projected to increase by nearly 50 per cent by 2030 and more than 80 per cent by 2050.
B. Methodology
Fourth report due in 2012
If the Organization's goal was to create opportunity and prosperity around the world, there was no better person to lead it. UNIDO had begun its journey towards the
As a new member of the Commission and its Organizational Committee, we are committed to doing everything possible to contribute to a successful fifth session.
They would have virtually all of the regional stakeholders on their side as well.
Lastly, we must not neglect the sick, especially the poor, and we must grant them access to adequate care.
A dividend is a distribution of assets (usually cash) by a corporation to its stockholders.
They called for participatory planning and innovative policies such as nonmotorized transport solutions, congestion charges and colocation of business and residential areas.
19. The Government of Chad and its international and local financial partners, along with civil society, have instituted programmes, action plans and specific measures to increase women's access to means of production, including capital, while enhancing their organizational and management skills. (cf.
46. [The Centre for International Crime Prevention will, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, as appropriate:]
Active staff members' benefits are fully accrued on the date on which they become fully eligible for benefits.
Template and reporting guidelines for developed country Parties. Corrigendum
The limited review contemplated is in the process of confirmation of the conviction and sentence contemplated by subsection 2 of section 7.
PS. Actually . . . Benedict seemed like an obliging guy when I met him last month – what about a joint appearance where he reveals that he's a Catholic?
B5000 (Sheet 6)
Niger:
Iberian Gate and Chapel
14. Two common threads of the debate were the need to generate resources, and that economic development went hand in hand with human development.
If the immediate execution of a criminal punishable by death is not deemed necessary, a two-year suspension of execution may be pronounced simultaneously with the imposition of the death sentence
Item 16 of the provisional agenda
Dierfeld
That he has. Don't make it any less the case.
It hoped that, during the observance of the International Day of United Nations Peacekeepers, the Department would find appropriate ways of focusing the international community's attention on the Organization's peacekeeping efforts.
General Assembly
3.3 Impact on the financial and banking sector
In paragraph 23 of its concluding observations, the Committee suggested that consideration be given to taking further measures to inform the general public about the Convention on the Rights of the Child and to incorporate education about human rights and children's rights in training programmes for professionals.
Also convinced that a Millennium Assembly would provide an opportunity to strengthen the role of the United Nations in meeting the challenges of the twenty-first century,
(b) Election of members.
In 2000, UNHCR, benefited from a grant from the United Nations Foundation (Ted Turner) to strengthen reproductive health and HIV/AIDS activities in favour of refugees.
The All-China Federation of the Red Cross Societies shall be established in the country.
The first courses for TAC advisors was run in February and March 2008.
Economic progress did not automatically lead to social stability or environmental sustainability; global efforts to combat social and economic inequalities must continue relentlessly.
Berdavan village, Noyanberyan region, Armenia
China, Egypt and Uzbekistan, among others, had recorded substantial growth in local resources contributions.
Ms. Cutie Cancino (Cuba) said that industrial and technological development must be accompanied by appropriate action on the part of Governments to protect the environment, avoid growing pollution and achieve real and sustainable social benefits.
Participants reiterated their commitment to implementing the national action plan on resolution 1325 (2000) and enhancing women's political participation.
Paragraphs 11 and 12
References for the sixty-fourth session (agenda item 90)
The recent symposium on water productivity in industry, held in Budapest, had been an important step in raising awareness of the need to ensure the availability of sustainable and high-quality water for industrial purposes and to reduce industrial discharge into the environment.
Our current estimate is that the procurement costs of the new submarines and associated equipment and infrastructure will be in the region of Pound15-20 billion (at 2006/07 prices) for a four-boat fleet.
Consideration of admissibility
UNCITRAL Notes on Organizing Arbitral Proceedings.
6. The Committee welcomes the establishment of the National Plan of Action on Fulfillment of the Recommendations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination for the past concluding observations and the information provided by the delegation that a similar plan would be adopted in respect to the present concluding observations.
Honest students despise cheating.
Thermostats: Mercury-containing thermostats can be viably substituted by digital thermostats.
Bummer. so who you looking for?
It appears to be some sort of shrine to technology.
16 June 2011
Need for better coordination and sharing of lessons learned: Although there has been a recent proliferation of tools for vulnerability assessment and adaptation planning, there has been limited sharing of research results and lessons learned from the application of methods and tools.
Article 15
India
(Maybe...):: Some people say the best way to solve the environmental problem is to raise the price of fuel, to what extent do you agree or disagree4:-)
A new chaos genetic hybrid algorithm was proposed. The improved tent chaos system was used to initialize species population.
You are a protocol droid, are you not?
As stated previously, time is of utmost importance when responding to an aircraft accident.
Greece strongly supports the United Nations peace-keeping operations, as well as peace-building and peacemaking activities.
Let's enjoy the sweet dream brought by our Aloevera bath oil.
In specific circumstances, when the agenda of those meetings exceeds the limits of the strict interest of the troop-contributing countries on the ground, the Working Group may invite other significant actors to attend the joint meetings when the Working Group deems their participation to bring added value to the discussion at hand.
The Subcommittee on Accreditation reviewed the accreditation status (re-accreditation reviews) of 23 NHRIs from Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Costa Rica, Egypt, El Salvador, India, Mauritania, Mexico, Namibia, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Northern Ireland (United Kingdom), Norway, Panama, Romania, Slovakia, the United Republic of Tanzania and Zambia.
C. Agenda and programme of work of the session 5 60
He told his Chief of Staff, Andrew Card, This is a sad day for America.
The revised budget amounted to $139,213,300 gross, inclusive of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind amounting to $297,500, consisting of $112,122,300 gross for the maintenance of UNTAES, $17,397,600 gross for its liquidation and $9,693,400 gross for the maintenance of the Support Group.
Feedback from concerned parties.
This paper offers different types of pile foundations according to different geologic conditions and indicates the key points to be paid attention to during the construction of pile foundation.
1. Global governance, coherence and solidarity
And the suggestive slogan doesn't surprise us: The brand has never shied away from using sex to sell.
213. The Commission heard statements by the observers for: Armenia (40th), Democratic People's Republic of Korea (40th), Iran (Islamic Republic of) (36th), Iraq (39th), Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (33rd), New Zealand (39th), Senegal (40th), Sudan (40th), Syrian Arab Republic (40th), Turkey (40th).
We can not make any decision prior to discuss it fully.
Where is your hometown My hometown isBeijing.
527. Younger cohorts of adults (20-39 years old) represent the dominant group of one-person households in less developed countries.
Fact sheet: usa Pavilion carbon neutral commitment
The Millennium Declaration has presented new challenges to the Council with respect to its role of coordinating the follow-up to major conferences and summits.
The shearing strength is one of the main indexes of rock mass.
Provisional agenda for the tenth session of the Forum
Poland
The meeting was called to order at 3.20 p.m.
We do not permit the simple redistribution of the classification data or the development of tools for coding diagnoses.
Objective To investigate spontaneous metastasis , micrometastasis and genetic stability in human breast carcinoma xenografts nude mice.
Gordon Seagrave
Draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.14
More information was requested on the function, activities and purpose of the Gender Equality Committee of the National Assembly and the Government Council for Gender Equality.
for we have heard him say that this Nazarene, Jesus, will destroy this place and alter the customs which Moses handed down to us."
The event attracted around 150 participants from governments, international organizations, the private sector, utility companies, academia and non-governmental organizations.
The other two will be designated by ECOWAS.
* The present document is being issued without formal editing.
39. The seventeenth session of the Committee was attended by representatives of States Members of the United Nations participating in UNDP.
The thing is... The thing is, I have plans on Saturday night.
May 2003 - Ohrid, THE former YUGOSLAV REPUBLIC of MACEDONIA: Dialogue of editors on conflict prevention in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
We're slowly learning that fact.
It also examines how the transfer and farm-level diffusion of agricultural technologies may be affected by intellectual property provisions.
A colonel is inferior to a general.
Improving access to top-flight education for everyone in this country is a national imperative.
If the situation in their communities of origin is not perceived as safe, IDPs will be reluctant to return.
Both tests are also done to see if treatment is destroying leukemic blast cells.
"For what is the hope of the godless when he is cut off, When God requires his life
Item 5 of the provisional agenda*
In other cases, theThe Panel also examined the issue of whether claimants have made adequate attempts to mitigate their key money and goodwill losses.
www.un.org/depts/dpa/electoral
NPT/CONF.2010/MC.III/SB.3/CRP.1
The links below are online references for additional resources in the field of genetic neurobiology.
In their view, the international monetary, financial and trading systems continued to be skewed against developing countries, presenting a danger not only to equitable and sustainable development, but also to global peace and security.
He was tickled pink at the idea of taking a month's holiday at the expense of his company.
This method is superior to that one.
36. With regard to the definition of crimes, China had doubts about the inclusion of domestic armed conflicts under the Court’s jurisdiction within the definition of war crimes, because the provisions of international law concerning war crimes committed during such conflicts were still incomplete.
3.1.5 Progress in the decentralization of Government services to the local administration.
Economic Commission for Africa, in collaboration with the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean and the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia ($410,000)
Based on energy saving and safety operation, the advantages of evaporation cooling walking - beam furnace are expounded.
You two are getting lazier and lazier.
I to go out for an outing this afternoon.
No provision is required under this heading.
The draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
Aware that the Territory has one of the highest per capita incomes in the region, a stable political climate and virtually no unemployment,
There is also widespread distrust of the use of email for sending information such as bank account and salary statements.
The company has achieved a listing on the stock exchange.
Reginald Johnston
(a) The organization's actual or intended use of these indicators.
As such, it applies to persons in a vulnerable situation such as aliens who are the subject of extradition, expulsion or refoulement.
3.1 Implementation of 100 per cent of the Department's security standards, policy, guidelines, directives, procedures and recommendations of security management reviews of field operations (2011/12: not applicable; 2012/13: not applicable; 2013/14: 100 per cent)
The key to achieving that goal was integrated strategies that combined, at the national, regional and international levels, all the necessary measures, including both North-South and South-South cooperation.
The Secretary-General's submission provided a valuable background to the discussion, especially section C of each chapter.
We will, as always, continue to support the efforts for a comprehensive, just and lasting solution to the Middle East question.We are ready to work with the rest of the international community and continue to make our own contributions.
Factories were closing and banks were in trouble.
The Committee decided to waive the 24 hours rule and take action on the draft resolution A/C.4/64/L.8.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 82.
90.I didnt realize how much this meant to you
He is not allowed to work and would lose his residence permit were he to travel to Ghana.
Cisneros, Antioquia
On 15 October, the Permanent Representative of Lebanon protested the incident of 5 October as a further violation of the resolution.
He eagerly snuffled a mouthful of smoke.
The protection of the environment does not necessarily combine easily with extreme poverty and demographic pressures.
Committee for Programme and Coordination
The Quality Assurance and Standards Unit conducted quality assurance internal audits in the air regions of Entebbe, Bunia, Kinshasa and Kisangani.
IX. RECOMMENDATION 11 (h)
18 August 2011
China takes a positive view of Japan pursuing a path of a nation striving for peace and making contribution to world peace and stability through peaceful means over the past sixty years since the end of World War II.
Pescadero High has only one science teacher, Wayne Johnson, whose hands are full teaching basic courses
Villefort became pale; he understood the old man's meaning.
It is composed of phase-only diffractive optical elements, which implement lens and multiple-beam-splitter functions.
Malaysia, for example, had adopted a multiple approach, which included the setting up of trust funds to invest in SMEs, the attracting of foreign banks and insurance companies, the setting up of government-owned development banks and "moral pressure" by the Central Bank to convince commercial banks to include local SMEs in their lending portfolio.
This preschooler is'an absolute trooper'already comfortable with foreign languages and foods, the executive writes.
The Declaration once again reaffirmed the fact that it is grounded in the Millennium Declaration and the Final Document of the World Summit of 2005 concerning the promotion of the development of peace, security and human rights and the resolve to define the goals, targets and indicators of armed violence and development, supplementing the Millennium Development Goals.
The initiative has allowed the vaccination of more than 160 million children in 33 countries in Africa, preventing an estimated 300,000 deaths and reaching at least 90 per cent of the target population.
18. The financial records of the Tribunal have been maintained in the network version of the Sun computerized accounting system.
To comprehends fully the principles of food sanitation. One must understand the role of microorganisms in food spoilage and poisoning.
And from his earliest years, Jason loved another risky business, acting.
Chrysler currently sells four Jeep models in China, but all of those are imported from North America.
Further to the findings of the advisory team which visited UNMIN in December 2008, through the Mediation Support Unit of the Department of Political Affairs, UNMIN is working closely with the Ministry of Peace and Reconstruction and the Technical Committee to determine the technical and logistical requirements to support their work in the coming weeks.
Radibosh Point
In response, one expert said that the Almaty Programme of Action was not limited to supporting LLDCs, but rather that it aimed at focussing on the relevant issues, and as such should also benefit countries with large landlocked areas, such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
World Ocean Assessment I will have to include an evaluation of risks and will have to be written in the context of those risks.
We noticed the adequate efforts made by the Government of Uzbekistan in order to provide law and order and to maintain stability.
Each of these policy actions requires political will.
(a) Preparatory activities, including needs assessments, to enable UNIDO to develop programmes or projects based on its thematic priorities and the needs of recipient countries;
 23. The regular budget's share of the total recurrent costs of $8,188,800 for 1994-1995 amounts to $4,423,100 (see table 5 of the report of the Secretary-General).
Administration and Finance Division
 20. Also at the same meeting, the Conference elected Mr. Fred Sai (Ghana) Chairman of the Main Committee.
Cooperation with specialized agencies: second meeting of the Joint Expert Group UNESCO (Committee on Conventions and Recommendations)/Economic and
On 13 December the Government informed the Special Rapporteur that all the measures to ensure the security of the members of the Human Rights Centre Miguel Agustín Pro-Juárez had been taken.
[The list of speakers for all items on the agenda of the Sixth Committee is open.
A. Contract 29 - 30 7
The height of consideration influences not only investors' benefit but also stock right splitting reform.
AN : Keep a level head, make a clean breast of the lie and you'll feel released.
"Catches in the wild are still high, but they have levelled off, probably for good," explains Rohana Subasinghe of FAO's Fisheries Department and Secretary of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture.
A similar programme covering specific areas of both sectors is currently being implemented with financial assistance from the Inter-American Development Bank.
See subparagraph 3 (c) (a).
It introduces the design thoughts and the structural feature of the super-thin plastic-mold for insulation spacer and some problems which should be pay attention to during manufacturing.
The Main Committees regularly examine the issue of consolidation of documentation, particularly when considering their working methods in the context of the revitalization of the work of the General Assembly.
On 17 January 2008, in consultations of the whole, the Secretary-General's Special Adviser briefed the Council.
His delegation did not share the view expressed by some members of the Commission who did not support Conclusion 5 and were not convinced that Conclusion 12 constituted a sufficient “saving clause”.
This preliminary study establishes that the Doctrine of Discovery has been institutionalized in law and policy, on national and international levels, and lies at the root of the violations of indigenous peoples' human rights, both individual and collective.
A/52/423 (Persons displaced as a result of the June 1967 and subsequent hostilities).
His gauntlets contain a flamethrower, and a whipcord lanyard launcher.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, the Centre sought to establish contacts with the United Nations Development Programme and regional organizations, as well as with Member States within and outside the region, with a view to exploring possible areas for cooperation and securing funding.
(e) Compliance with the provisions of Article 4, paragraphs 3, 5, 8, and 9 of the Convention and the decisions of the COP thereunder and the provisions of Article 2, paragraphs 1 and 3, Article 3, paragraphs 2 and 14, and Articles 4, 5, 7, 11and 17 of the Protocol and the respective decisions of the COP or COP/MOP thereunder.
3.3 The CTC may, in a future stage of its work, have further comments or questions for Switzerland arising from other aspects of the Resolution.
Total
The number of new infections per annum is unacceptably high.
Supplies and materials
Just over 1 billion people live on $ 1 a day, the benchmark of absolute poverty; 1.
Learn how to work up your reaction using a separatory funnel to perform a liquid - liquid extraction.
The chairman made a few introductory remarks.
Edgar Lee Masters
5. Requests the Secretary-General to prepare and propose a plan outline, reflecting the longer-term objectives of the Organization, and a biennial programme plan in the context of the strategic framework for the biennium 2008-2009, based, inter alia, on the following principal criteria:
The small wood products to Dayong, gifted with inferior materials.
57. I conclude by expressing my appreciation to my Special Representative, Jean Arnault, and the staff of UNOMIG for their persistent efforts.
Taxes, regulation, and subsidies6 were all used as mercantile policies, but the primary ones that affected the colonies were the Navigation Acts.
(Item 3 (b))
of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
Black hat or grey hat methods are not allowed! Google guidelines must be followed and no way should be compromised.
The original plan of development for Sidi El Kilani was completed before 2 August 1990; therefore, the events of that date should not have caused KUFPEC TUNISIA to delay its presentation of that original plan of development to the Government of Tunisia as part of its application for a mining concession, in which case there would have been no delay in development.
If such a decision resulted in financial implications, revised budget estimates must be submitted.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the repatriation of military and police personnel and their equipment proceeded as planned and that all personnel had been repatriated as at 30 September 2009.
In addition, in administrative cases supervisory review requires the payment of a State tax.
2. Perceiving the fissile material cut-off treaty as an indispensable step on the way towards a nuclear-weapon free world and, more concretely, as the next logical step on the negotiating agenda of the multilateral disarmament machinery, we consider the start of such negotiations to be an urgent task.
The accident point has been accurately searched by using above - mentioned method.
the non-diversion of scheduled chemicals for activities prohibited by the CWC.
鈥淲e do not have any intention of denying history,鈥?he said.
Poverty and insecurity are two of the greatest threats to “harmony” – a word at the core of the WHO Constitution, but one we rarely hear today.
Command through which to pipe the output of running the compiler.
I am suggesting that conscious attention needs to be given to friendships.
Michelle Wie: A Name Stunning the Golf World Michelle Wie: A Name Stunning the Golf World Fourteen-year-old Michelle Wie is already a major celebrity in the golf world, a prodigy who seems 1)destined to become the Tiger Woods of the Ladies' tour, the best woman player ever.
Make your cheeks wobble.
63/272. Report of the Joint Inspection Unit for 2008 and programme of work for 2009
17. Reaffirms once again its support for the principle that all statements and commitments made under duress, particularly those regarding land and property, are wholly null and void, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Peace Agreement, and supports the effective engagement of the Commission for Real Property Claims of Displaced Persons and Refugees, in compliance with its mandate;
If you are bitten put a cold pack on the bite to reduce inflammation and avoid scratching to reduce the risk of an infection.
The draft resolution was adopted, by 31 votes to 9, with 7 abstentions.
21. Based on a proposal made by Switzerland, work has now started under the format of thematic platforms, bringing together small, balanced groups of countries interested in further exploring specific themes of common interest and putting forward proposals for concerted or joint action.
Eritrea (1-2)
HIV and AIDS presents a number of challenges for the workplace, including rights of affected employees and access to health care services, their ability to work and its impact on the labour force.
The Secretary-General has also identified 173 non-standard ICT job titles.
t earn much no matter how hard you work
Note 12
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (New York, 16 December 1966), given legal effect in the Principality by Sovereign Order No. 13330 of 12 February 1998;
69. For the analysis of distributional effects, the banana farmers were subdivided into three groups -- small-scale farmers with less than 0.2 hectares, medium-scale farmers with between 0.2 hectares and 0.8 hectares and large-scale farmers with above 0.8 hectares.
2.3 After that incident, the author was forced to leave his home during the day.
For example in the education sector, the plan projects a total of R$ 1.8 billion to be invested by 2014 towards actions such as the delivery of accessible school transportation services; architectural adjustments to public schools and federal institutions of higher education to improve accessibility; the implementation of new multifunctional classrooms and upgrading of existing classrooms; and the offer of up to 150,000 openings for persons with disabilities in federal vocational and technology training courses.
Our submission of this draft resolution is driven by the internationally recognized value of regional and subregional confidence-building measures (CBMs).
On 21 June 2002, during the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee, a one-day technical workshop on asset recovery was held with a view to providing interested participants with technical information and specialized knowledge on the complex issues involved in the question of asset recovery.
So reducing whorl root stress focus may distribute to improve bolt intensity and life.
She cares a lot about you.
The four cases reported to the Working Group concern persons who were allegedly arrested in 1977 by the Angolan security forces, in particular by the Information and Security Directorate (DISA).
The Ministry of Rural Development also monitors the progress of the Schemes and recommends the release of ACA to the States to the Ministry of Finance.
18. In discussing issues related to availability, accessibility and practical applications of ERS data, the participants noted, among other things, that present and potential users of the data should be more exposed to and trained in the basic sciences underlying microwave remote sensing technology so that they could more fully implement the technology and utilize the relevant data.
Article 13. Equality in other areas of social and economic life
This was made possible by using advanced videoconferencing technology through the connection of high-speed broadband network using Internet2 technology, which supports reliable and high quality real time multi-parties interactive communication among different networks at different geographical locations which are vastly separated.
Top management in both organizations underestimated the magnitude of the changes mandated by the agreement for their respective organizations, and failed to develop an effective joint strategy to operationalize the agreement.
Mexico
- During the morning hours of 24 June 2014, a Syrian regime aircraft dropped two barrel bombs on the Wesam Hospital in Kafr Zeita in Rif Hama, killing Lujain Qaddour, the three-month-old daughter of the hospital's administrative director, Dr. Yaser Qaddour.
the importers should submit to Chinese inspection and quarantine authorities documents from the relevant quarantine departments of the US and Japan governments to prove that the shipments have been effectively treated; and
Sir, morgue team has not checked in.
71. There are no refugee children in Turkey under these conditions.
He's always polite, even if it means talking to two young girls for hours on end.
As a consequence, accelerating progress on Goal 5 requires a broader approach that focuses on sexual and reproductive health and rights and women's and girls' right to health.
It called for the rapid restoration of their mandates, particularly to ensure the successful conduct of the fourth United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries.
Design consultancy charges
:: Mr. Evgeny Najov, Senior Economist, World Bank
“The Secretary-General has designated the Department of Political Affairs as the United Nations focal point for post-conflict peace-building – that is, the mechanism for ensuring that United Nations efforts in countries that are emerging from crises are fully integrated and faithfully reflect the mission objectives specified by the Security Council and the Secretary-General.
For example; in the execution of a sentence or order of a court in respect of a criminal offence of which he or she has been convicted, or in the case of a person suffering from an infectious or contagious disease for the purpose of his or her care or treatment or the protection of the community.
UNDP and the University of the South Pacific are collaborating on a leadership programme that will groom future Pacific leaders to espouse principles of good governance.
In addition, and despite the fact that the only nuclear Power in the Americas pursues a policy of hostility towards Cuba that does not rule out the use of force, Cuba will also ratify the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean, known as the Treaty of Tlatelolco, which was signed by our country in 1995.
This contract includes such details as the purpose, amount and term of the loan, the conditions and procedure for its award and extinction, the interest rate, the repayment arrangements, and the obligations, rights and responsibilities of the parties with respect to the award and extinction of the loan (art. 345 of the Economic Code).
This trend may be due to the fact that the cancers which affect men most, become common with age and there is generally a higher mortality rate among these e.g. prostate cancer.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
She is then treated differently by the group at large, generally with little to no respect.
On 22 May, large crowds protested in Bambari against the activities of the forces of Operation Sangaris in the town, perceived by the population as forcefully disarming the ex-Séléka.
Shuangyashan
Integration of the work on scientific and technical interlinkages among conventions and related agreements into the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment.
I suffered her to enjoy it a while; then I expostulated: deriding and ridiculing all Mr Heathcliff's assertions about his son, as if I were certain she would coincide.
Now we have promising results showing aerobic exercise is a simple strategy to help people sleep better and feel more vigorous.
In 2010, unemployment in developing countries fell to its pre-crisis level of 5.9 per cent, as countries in Asia and some in Latin America were particularly successful in creating jobs.
You get at the next stop, cross the street.
More than 50 participants representing developing and developed countries from all the world's regions, as well as regional and international organizations, attended the Expert Group Meeting.
ASEAN had established the ASEAN Free Trade Area and the Roadmap for Monetary and Financial Integration of ASEAN (RIA-Fin), with the goal of economic integration through the ASEAN Economic Community by 2015.
' He looked at me sourly enough, but said nothing.
Women's International Forum: Meeting on "Sustaining Afghanistan's gains: Challenges and opportunities" (sponsored by the Executive Office of the Secretary-General)
Another extension represents a failure by the House Democratic majority to protect the American people.
Whoever is able to pull the furthest distance will be the winner.
The paper optimizes the intake system of car by the method combination of CAE and test.
Canada
In the Quad countries (Canada, the EU, Japan and the United States), for example, of tariffs covering 86.1 per cent of tariff lines, agricultural tariffs average 11 per cent compared to 4.0 per cent for manufactures.
The overall significance of these resolutions lies in their creation and reinforcement of a normative framework for the Youth Empowerment Programme.
An annual review of the implementation process would pave the way to an effective follow-up.
Specific forms of gender-based and sexual violence directed at children, particularly girl child soldiers, have been highlighted.
The links between the provision of emergency assistance and the United Nations goals of development, peace and security have been and continue to be improved.
The promotion of the rule of law is an oft-stated goal of the Chinese government - and an organisation like the Great Britain – China Centre works hard with Chinese partners in the judiciary, police and procuratorate, to secure the introduction of best practice models from European experience – for example, in detention centre supervision, human rights training and better procedural processes.
Chad*
The Commission formed the Working Group on Entitlements of Internationally Recruited Staff Serving in Non-Family Duty Stations to expedite the review in response to the urgency expressed by the United Nations.
Development and implementation of standardized mission induction training guidelines for the military, civilian police and civilian staff and training for building sustainable peace
How much does this impact privacy and do we have any other good options?
(a) Establishing chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear centres of excellence, and building national and regional institutional capacity to counter the chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear risk.
The Chairman: We are deleting the last three words, "its substantive session".
One acknowledged that thinking in this area had progressed substantially since the Standing Committee considered it in 2000.
Instead, the Committee addresses the issue as a violation of the right to redress for the victims of human rights violations, and consequently finds a violation of article 2, paragraph 3, read in conjunction with article 7 (Views, paras. 7.11 and 7.12).
When we lived on the other side of the ocean, there was an extra charge for every bag you needed.
She is in front of me.
RESOLUTION 66/232 B
(telephone answering machine) 6. A good husband makes a good wife.
Land has to fulfil its social function.
If joint-venture operations with the Enterprise accord with sound commercial principles, the Council shall issue a directive pursuant to article 170, paragraph 2, of the Convention providing for such independent functioning.
No president in recent decades has had a better temperament and a clearer vision for facing the world’s challenges than the one that Americans have just reelected.
2. The Inter-agency Forum needs to prepare appropriate official translation of the two Conventions.
(e) The need to ensure the promotion and protection by all Governments of the human rights of undocumented or irregular migrants; and
2003/75 Regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights
For example, if barriers to entry are very low, then dominance is unlikely.
There were currently 378,000 refugees in Ethiopia, putting constraints on resources and requiring greater cooperation with UNHCR and the donor community.
33. By its decision 2005/256, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2005/4, approved the decision of the Commission to renew for one year the mandate of the open-ended working group established to monitor and review progress made in the promotion and implementation of the right to development and to convene its seventh session before the sixty-second session of the Commission for a period of 10 working days, 5 of which would be allocated to the second meeting of the high-level task force on the right to development, to be held well in advance of the session of the working group.
I would like to thank the Secretary of the Commission, the Secretaries of the Working Groups and staff members of the Department of General Assembly and Conference Management, the Office of Disarmament Affairs, the interpreters, the conference officers, the document officers and the sound engineers.
Report of the Secretary-General
2. Election of officers.
However, this report focuses on health, education and poverty in which there is evidence of progress in implementing the internationally agreed goals and commitments in regard to gender equality and empowerment of women, but not without challenges.
It is also hoped that factors leading to the slow response to requests for the conclusion of agreements for the enforcement of sentences, as well as ways to improve witness protection programmes, will be addressed among other outstanding and pending issues.
K. Communication No. 1470/2006, Toktakunov v. Kyrgyzstan
The equations defining the zero - order  perturbation  simply govern the static solution.
22. Since most of the posts in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations are not subject to the system of desirable ranges, no clear numerical targets exist to ensure that the Department achieves equitable geographical distribution on the basis of mandated standards.
In respect to the licensed production outside Bosnia and Herzegovina, there is no such arrangement.
Special emphasis is placed on training sessions held by international organizations.
Enough is enough.(!) ! Have a heart!
Pakistani Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammed Sadiq says such statements will not help joint efforts to root out terrorism and extremism from the region.
40. There should be a rule of procedure requiring a member of the working group or of the Committee to disqualify herself or himself when there is a personal interest in the complaint under consideration or where the member is a national of the State Party concerned.
Article 24
Mr. van den Akker (Observer for the European Union), speaking also on behalf of the acceding country Croatia, the candidate country the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, and the Stabilization and Association Process countries Albania and Bosnia and Herzegovina, said that the member States of the European Union had always staunchly supported Umoja and its potential for business transformation in the United Nations system, and continued to believe that, if fully implemented in accordance with the decisions made by the General Assembly in its resolution 63/262, it would enable high quality and cost-effective delivery of services.
Bill:I've noticed you've been munching4 away on lots of fruits and vegetables recently.
We used X - ray , SEM, TEM and EDX etc.
76. The Committee members noted that key international issues pertaining to information and communications technology would not go away.
The typomorphic peculiarities of main ore minerals and its geological signifi-cances have been emphatically discussed in this paper.
We don't know what country the ship was from.
The meeting convened experts and representatives of youth organizations, academia, Member States, United Nations entities and intergovernmental organizations to examine the barriers facing young people in exercising their rights to participation in civic, political and economic life.
However, you can modify the regular expression pattern so that it strips out any characters that should not be included in an input string.
Only in Malaysia and Singapore do respondents find the environment satisfactory -- 75 per cent and 91 per cent, respectively, according to the Gallup Millennium Survey (Gallup International Association, 1999).
Tunisia very much supports the principles of the Cairo Programme of Action, and we wish to reiterate our commitment to its implementation.
The subprogramme will work to provide, as needed, policy support, capacity-building and performance benchmarking on energy productivity on behalf of member States.
Some main fields and some important problems of the clean production of the tertiary industry in Chinese cities were pointed out, and some measures and ad-vice were also given.
7. In working to promote education and awareness about genocide, the Department is reaching out to create partnerships with organizations already active in these issues.
Kernel - mode device driver object name to reference documents.
This is controlled by how the configured control is defined in the markup.
Not that I lov'd Caesar less, but that I lov'd Rome more.
Initiatives taken by ICRC to reaffirm, clarify and strengthen international humanitarian law
15.3 Accordingly, s.10 of the Constitution recognizes that while freedom before the law is accorded to everyone on equal footing, there may be circumstances which allow for different treatment of people.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average hit its lowest level since September 2006 in late morning in New York.
Place and date of birth: Olanchito, Yoro, 3 December 1945
Scarcely had he shut her door, when Mercds called a confidential servant, and ordered him to follow Albert wherever he should go that evening, and to come and tell her immediately what he observed
The best way to offset that leverage may be to get another major power involved: the United States.
We are ready to continue supporting any initiatives, including within the context of the draft resolution before us today, which aim at consolidating peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and in North-East Asia as a whole.
I am therefore seeking your cooperation in building a Tourist Hotel or Real Estate your country.
Does it look like I speak Korean?
(b) The Global Field Support System should be expanded to include the automatic "lock-up" facility to enhance expenditure monitoring in field offices.
Furthermore, articles 365 and 366 of the Colombian Penal Code punish anyone who, without a permit from a competent authority, imports, traffics, manufactures, stores, distributes, sells, supplies, repairs or carries firearms for self-defence, munitions or explosives whose use is the prerogative of the armed forces.
Amounts received/due in 2009
“We, the sovereign Filipino people, imploring the aid of Almighty God, in order to build a just and humane society and establish a Government that shall embody our ideals, and aspirations, promote the common good, conserve and develop our patrimony and secure to ourselves and our posterity the blessings of independence and democracy under the rule of law and a regime of truth, justice, freedom, love, equality, and peace, do ordain and promulgate this Constitution.”
So we're gonna cover it up with the shoe polish.
The court may accept the decision of the lower court and affirm that decision.
Increased efforts in combating corruption, crime and abuses at all levels are also needed, including through the accession to the United Nations Convention against Corruption and additional measures to prevent the international transfer of stolen assets and to assist in their recovery.
When looking at this figure, notice that the client must possess the certificate that signed the generated public key of the server.
Money-laundering, criminalization of terrorist financing, reporting of suspicious financial transactions and regulation of alternative money transfer systems:
For its part, Korea has in place policies to facilitate such capital transfers through the reduction of transmission costs and the liberation of overseas remittances -- while our foreign direct investment in developing countries reached $5.2 billion in 2006.
Results-oriented activities on these three sets of issues, including within the framework of the working groups, agreed to in Sochi by the President of Georgia and the President of the Russian Federation in March 2003 (see S/2003/412, para. 5), remained key vehicles for building common ground between the Georgian and Abkhaz sides and, ultimately, for initiating meaningful negotiations on a comprehensive political settlement based on the paper entitled "Basic Principles for the Distribution of Competences between Tbilisi and Sukhumi" and its transmittal letter (see S/2002/88, para. 3).
Primary Prevention
These manifestations of security should be considered not separately but either in their totality or as a combination in which national security mediates the rights of the poor and holds primacy over all other aspects of security.
Self-service banking products and services, including automated teller machines, continued to be a significant growth driver.
We, the Heads of State and Government and representatives of the States gathered here in Vienna from 3 to 5 November 2014 to participate in the Second United Nations Conference on Landlocked Developing Countries,
Dad LJ. LJ, thank you're alive.
The Committee recalls its general comment No. 14 (2000) and in particular paragraphs 22 and 23 on children's right to health, and emphasizes the need to protect children from all forms of work that are likely to interfere with their development or physical or mental health.
55. More egregiously, Israel continues to keep over 370 children below the age of 16 in detention, some of them as young as 12 years of age, in violation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and nearly 100 women who are also exposed to all forms of ill-treatment.
It would continue to cooperate closely with all sides with a view to attaining the Millennium Development Goals.
This pioneering girl showed great determination and fought all odds of parental opposition to female education and went on to do her graduation, and then to obtaining a masters degree and finally a law degree (LLB).
25. Following Congolese armed forces operations, Mai-Mai Yakutumba retreated from Fizi territory and attempted to forge an alliance with FDLR, but failed to open a base in Mwenga's Itombwe Sector.
Cash and term deposits and cash pool, beginning of period
2. If the illicit act constitutes an offence and is committed by the directors, officials or other workers in the improper exercise of their duties, the legal person shall be liable subsidiarily.
Yes the devil is in your hands and I will suck it out.
As Vaughan Lowe has warned, it is necessary to avoid:
The use of insecticides in particular does not take account of effects on women's reproductive health.
Goodbye and hope to see you again. 7.
Japanese admirals
Our parents help to confirm this idea when they ask, Why can't you be more like your brother?
There is a great deal of information in the FreeBSD handbook (which is probably on your hard drive) and FreeBSD's web site.
Since then, the ratios have changed dramatically: by 1998, manufacturers were spending 50 per cent of their money on the latter type of promotions.
Sixteen States parties identified technical assistance needs for the implementation of chapter IV of the Convention. These included eight States parties from the Group of Asian and Pacific States, five from the Group of Eastern European States, and three from the Group of African States.
• Disseminate information about focus areas to everyone who comes into contact with ethnic minorities, such as doctors, social workers, health visitors and teachers
Opening of the meetings of the Special Committee in 2009 and election of officers
- Hidden cost: in-house staff time required to brief, check and clear visual materials designed by external consultants (staff can hire a different consultant for each project)
Other programmes
CALIFORNIA's lame - duck governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , has just scored a big victory.
According to the tenth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD X) UNCTAD is mandated to identify, on the basis of research and empirical evidence and with development impact assessment, the implications of existing and emerging multilateral trade rules for the development prospects of developing countries, in particular on "ways and means to improve market access for their agricultural products", on "domestic support, including in the context of their efforts to increase productivity and food security" as well as on "export subsidies and other kinds of export support".
3.3.1 Presentation of the National Reconciliation Plan by the Government of National Unity to the nation (Machakos Protocol)
140. Status of Women Canada has worked strategically and horizontally to inform and influence the actions of various stakeholders to integrate GBA and implement change to achieve gender equality.
However, doing so would complicate efforts to meet the development objective and would thus not be in the interest of developing countries, which are home to the vast majority of the world's population.
Ludo Martens
Human rights and terrorism
Van Den Bergh test
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.3/66/L.24, entitled "The girl child" (under agenda item 65 (a)) (convened by the delegation of Angola (on behalf of the Southern African Development Community (SADC))
Baseline data 2001: 18.
Among the 55 ethnic minority groups in China, except Huis and Manchus, who use Chinese, the other 53 ethnic groups all have their own languages.
Organizations that use nuclear power sources in space strive to achieve the fundamental goal of ensuring safety by complying fully with the relevant governmental and intergovernmental directives, requirements and procedures.
All other fastest minimum - width integer types are optional.
United Nations Capital Development Fund
The study of taxonomy must necessarily involve the amassing of an encyclopaedic knowledge of plants.
Changes include better access to housing for women and men, especially the very poor, by reviewing the housing finance systems, including access to credit and subsidies.
10. UNDP has reviewed the report and taken note of its recommendations.
It is the first report that molecular sieve bactericide used on agriculture.
+ 3 vast spirit,active thought and industrious heart make a genius.
2. The Conference of the Parties may, as it considers necessary for the implementation of this Convention, adopt from time to time any further terms of reference for the committee that it deems appropriate and assign the committee responsibilities [related to implementation of this Convention] that are additional to those mandated in this article.
You sound like someone who also thinks life owes her a right to be a full-time mother without it affecting her career
Specific mention of the Human Rights Committee was also suggested, but the issue was set aside until the Working Group had expressed its views on the nature of the future monitoring body.
We also analyze the compression technologies such as Null Suppression, Dictionary Encoding, Run-length Encoding and effects of operating directly on the compressed data.
67. EU-FRA noted that less than one in 10 Roma children were reported to have completed upper-secondary education.
Turn the lid anticlockwise to open it.
For the person who transgresses in one thing, I tell you, there is no evil deed that is not to be done.
Objective of the Organization: to strengthen the capacity of Latin American and Caribbean countries to design and implement suitable macroeconomic policies for achieving long-term growth
The Council approves the Commission's decision that:
If i was ever in a band, i would call it "looking forward to hindsight" ! Say what you will, but i think its a decent name for a band!
271. For acquisition of standard communications equipment, such as telephones and fax machines, and for LAN-wiring of new office space, a total of $421,400 is requested on the basis of a standard rate of $1,400 for all staff.
Reaffirming the imperatives of sustainable development, reducing poverty and inequalities, increasing the resilience of our economies to natural and economic disasters and the effects of climate change, sustainable management of natural resources, enhancing food and energy security, closing the digital divide and reducing development gaps across countries to enhance social cohesion,
(e) Easily-updated information;
Secretariat of the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal
The incident did not result in any injuries, and four demonstrators were arrested.
The Chairman: At this stage, I would like to invite Mr. Tanaka, Under-Secretary-General for Disarmament Affairs, to share his observations on this issue with us.
UNOCI
All people with permanent residence in Denmark are, on an equal footing, guaranteed social security and benefits regardless of the degree of affiliation to the labour market.
People from Tyrol
157 How did you decide that product was safe?
64. At 1430, an armed terrorist group opened fire on law enforcement personnel near the Bab Tadmur roundabout from the direction of Khalidiyah.
Any fissile material produced after the entry into force of an FMCT, either in fissile material production plants or through the operation of civil nuclear facilities, would presumably be subject to safeguards verification during processing, use and storage.
2. In order to make full use of the time and conference services made available to the Committee, he intended to convene and adjourn the Committee's meetings promptly. In that connection, he hoped that all delegations would continue to make a special effort to enable the Committee to begin its meetings on time and improve its utilization of the available conference services.
He objected to it for religious reasons to the Gyeonggi Military Manpower Administration.
544. The Committee would like to repeat its earlier observation that in the reports of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, reference is made to the relations between the Special Committee and the Committee's continuous monitoring of related developments in Territories, having regard to the relevant provisions of article 15 of the Convention.
Date of launch
The Ministry's emphasis has been on infrastructure, while MINUSTAH provided technical assistance for the Ministry's efforts to establish its office on pretrial detention and improve the management of prison sentences.
But in March 2007, almost five years into the conflict, and three years after the Security Council first expressed concern about the crisis in Darfur, the details of the arrangement are still being discussed with the Government of the Sudan.
All of the above is another way of saying that there is a great deal riding on China and its battle to clean the air before this August.
What does Homeland Defense needwith a truck full of cheese anyway?
And return to our neighbors sevenfold into their bosom The reproach with which they have reproached You, O Lord
A 2006 UNICEF report also noted equal opportunity legislation, and that the laws promote and guarantee the rights of girls and women.
Developing and strengthening early identification and early intervention programmes.
Whether still on earth or now in heaven, her spirit is at home with God!
There is, the report argues, a need for a clear and convincing justification for intruding into this core area of private life.
This affects women in so far as women, due to their lower economic status which is reflected in their being the majority of the poor and unemployed and dominating in lower-paying jobs.
Article 2: Persons wishing to obtain licences to bear weapons must apply to the Director of the Criminal Investigation Service and provide the following documents:
It was also agreed that a purely oral arbitration agreement should not be regarded as formally valid under the Model Law.
The dried aromatic leaf of the laurel or bay ( Laurus nobilis ) used as a seasoning in cooking.
The Committee then discussed the procedure to be adopted concerning Yugoslavia, who will not send a delegation to the consideration of its report, Nigeria (previous request for an early report) and Israel (previous report for additional information on the implementation of economic, social and cultural rights in the occupied territories).
7. Presentation and discussion of the draft report on the ninth session.
  On the Christmas of 1995, he went to his friend's party alone.
(d) Submit the modified format and questionnaire to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties for its consideration and possible adoption, with any amendments;
1 May 2018
But a lot of Palestinians wonder if this is the death - knell of their dream of statehood.
As the negotiations intensify in the coming months, there will be an increased need to rationalize the process to deliver results through a dedicated structure in support of the leaders.
We wish you success at the helm of this Assembly, which is convened against a backdrop of complex circumstances and daunting global challenges.
At the same time, it is important to know what indicators would best portray the key issues and expected results that have been identified.
52. During the reporting period, UN-Habitat activities in the area of humanitarian assistance, focusing on post-disaster and post-conflict reconstruction, were implemented within the framework of the Executive Committee on Humanitarian Affairs and the Inter-Agency Standing Committee, and in direct cooperation with the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and the World Food Programme (WFP).
26. UNIDO adopted a resolution on multilingualism (GC.13/Res.4) and has a proactive policy in this regard.
The intentional killing of a person by another (intentional homicide) represents the most serious type of violent crime.
I never went through a final exam that was as difficult as that one.
This, in turn, fosters development; and in the case of MENA, it could lead to the creation of a vibrant digital service economy.
I now turn to introducing draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.36 entitled, "Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons."
Loss of competitive advantage is generally fatal.
(d) Up-to-date post adjustment classifications and rental subsidy thresholds and mobility/ hardship classification for the United Nations common system
Inspiration, Arizona
Kyle: No, we have company credit arrangements with some major airlines and hotels.
Efforts to engage girls and boys in the budget processes through children's parliaments and councils were also reported.
The Voluntary Social welfare agencies (registration and control) Ordinance 1961
66. The need to promote everyone's access to science and its applications raises the issue of the sharing of benefits and the transfer of scientific knowledge and technologies.
 The Committee requested that this report be submitted in time for consideration at its fiftieth session and decided to remove Israel from the list of countries to be considered under its early-warning measures and urgent procedures.
Turkey鈥檚 attacks on Kurdish targets in northern Iraq and Russia鈥檚 sale to Iran of an anti-aircraft missile system pushed gold and oil prices higher on Wednesday.
To evaluate temporal variation at least one station should be surveyed annually over three years.
I was going to do that anyway.
The final section of the report contains a summary of the main conclusions and recommendations.
In such close quarters personal hygiene is a must, but the weightless conditions make washing a delicate chore.
Since the indictment of Jin and Zhang was issued on 29 August 2001 and the trial commenced on 28 September 2001 but was not concluded until 28 May 2003, these regulations have clearly not been adhered to in this case.
In the United States, businesses and labor unions use “fair trade” laws to construct what economist Joseph Stiglitz calls “barbed-wire barriers to imports.”
The representative noted that sustainable development was possible only under the condition that sufficient information was available for decision-making.
How singular, murmured Maximilian; your father hates me, while your grandfather, on the contrary--What strange feelings are aroused by politics.
2. Regional field coordination and support
Unequivocally, the 1945 Constitution (Articles 28 E and 29) provides constitutional guarantees for the promotion and protection of this important right.
Of course, it is for our account. But if you could dispose them at your end, it would be better.
After several hours of this widening, the cervix is dilated (opened) enough for the baby to come through.
Main legislation relating to education
(i) Each party to facilitate the exchange of information relevant to the reduction or elimination of the production, use and release of mercury and mercury compounds and alternatives to mercury, including information relating to their risks and their economic and social costs (Stockholm Convention article 9, paragraph 1);
Retailers, particularly non-food retailers, have been hit by a triple whammy of declining sales, crushed margins due to all these promotions and offers that we have seen and steeply rising costs, said Robertson
Since then, papers have gushed into the physics preprint website (arxiv.org) suggesting numerous ways to account for the extraordinary claim.
SODEEM company representatives attribute this incident to corrupt government officials in Bisie who undervalued the goods on local government taxation documents and embezzled the difference.
59.6i
We take note of the views that have been expressed on this matter by various delegations.
While acknowledging the importance of interreligious dialogue, the European Union wishes to state that both interreligious and intra religious dialogues are additional and complementary components of intercultural dialogue and a culture of peace.
She sat musing for hours.
Disarmament
It is noted that the courts are treating these cases more seriously than before.
It submits that, given the complexity of the case and the fact that the author availed himself of all the remedies available, the courts have acted with all due dispatch.
Ms. Marie Louise Dambendzet
See note 15.
Elements drawn up might include the avoidance of collisions or interference and minimum distances between satellites placed in the same orbit.
His brother E.R.K., who is a painter, graduated from the Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Art on 28 June 1994.
Designing the two drafts of sub decrees including
The purposes of such an on-site visit would be: (a) to collect the information necessary for the Committee to continue its constructive dialogue with the State party and to enable it to carry out its functions in relation to the Covenant; (b) to provide a more comprehensive basis upon which the Committee might exercise its functions in relation to articles 22 and 23 of the Covenant concerning technical assistance and advisory services.
Provisional agenda
A legislative Task Force completed the drafting of the Domestic Violence Bill in March 2010.
LONDON – Governments worldwide are increasingly facing a fundamental question: how to deal with the causes of violent – often religiously motivated – extremism.
And points that the decisive role of e - commerce on the establishment of industry reorder.
8. As indicated in paragraph 13 of the Board's report, it is estimated that the annual cost of staff in between assignments for UNHCR diminished by 9 per cent during the period from 2003 to 2006.
Recalling resolutions I (Assessment of water resources), II (Community water supply), III (Agricultural water use), IV (Research and development of industrial technologies), VIII (Institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the water sector) and IX (Financing arrangements for international cooperation in the water sector) adopted at the United Nations Water Conference, held in Mar del Plata, Argentina, from 14 to 25 March 1977,
10. An interim report of the Council of Europe decentralization mission, which is drawing up a reform package for local government in Kosovo, was published in the summer.
Baer keeps on punching!
14. Decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 1,151,586,500 dollars for the period from 1 July 2013 to 31 March 2014 in accordance with the levels updated in its resolution 67/239 of 24 December 2012, taking also into account the scale of assessments for 2013 and 2014, as set out in its resolution 67/238 of 24 December 2012;
(i) Promoting medical male circumcision where HIV prevalence is high and male circumcision rates are low;
54. Diaspora communities are increasingly recognized for their contributions in promoting economic and social development, channelling resources and transmitting knowledge and values to countries of origin.
1. As at 2 June 2000, the closing date of the twenty-fourth session of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, there were 191 States parties to the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
C. Monitoring the development progress of graduated countries
Israel
There is no material evidence.
Well equipped with light armour and composite bows, these warriors are good horse archers who are also capable in close combat.
It is indispensable that we have for that a document to serve as a basis for our work and which summarizes the positions of Member States that have received broad support.
1. Promotion of international treaty standards
Decision 2002/238
Magician's Assistant people came to see me when I toured for Bel Canto.
Forget about them
For Tibet, it is impossible to reach such relatively high levels in terms of birth rates and the natural growth rates of population in so short a period of time without the abolition of the feudal serf system, and economic growth plus the obvious improvement of people's living standards and medical and health conditions.
USB driver stack and the method of opening a USB device were also analyzed.
I was careful not to displace any of it, quickly adjusting to my way of measuring so that I was able to clean that area almost as quickly and confidently as the rest of the room.
The man was named one of two finalists for the job, though he ultimately didn't get it.
261. In paragraph 10 of document A/60/807, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions reiterated its suggestion that the Board undertake an analysis of how fluctuations in the level of peacekeeping activities affected the level of required Headquarters backstopping; which factors determined the level of required backstopping; and the delineation of functions as to what must be performed at Headquarters and what could be carried out in the field (A/59/736, para. 10).
The senior students are required to hand in their papers within the time allowed.
There is a confidential hotline for combating drug abuse in every province, as well as at the national level.
Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission
The Ministry of Health wishes to improve and encourage the training of professionals of Roma descent in healthcare, facilitate the elaboration and introduction of multicultural programmes that strengthen attitudes and practices free of prejudice or discrimination, and which can be fitted into the degree and post-graduate programme of medical schools and other health care training institutions.
The book you have lost will turn up one of these days.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the related report of that Committee (A/53/670).
In fact, investments are low risk, unsecured deposits.
These various elements of the Panel's review are not restated in this report. Instead, where relevant, this report refers to sections in the previous "E4" reports where such issues have been addressed.
306. The Social Development Center, a non-governmental organization that is an offshoot of the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, offers a series of training and financial programmes to encourage young men and women to work for themselves or find suitable employment.
It focused on (a) protection through the political process, (b) establishing a protective environment and (c) protection from physical violence, including violence by national security forces and non-State armed groups, criminal violence and politically motivated violence.
The Advisory Committee of Permanent Representatives and Other Representatives Designated by Members of the Commission provided useful and valuable guidance for the work of the secretariat on a regular basis.
When we dedicated society, to find life significance, life significance fact in social practice.
Love is a kind of sweet pain! - ---- WWilliam Shakespeare.
8. The Group also reiterated its principled position that disputes should be settled by peaceful means and that coercive measures should be applied as a last resort and in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations.
14. As at 30 April 2013, the number of Member States that had paid all peacekeeping assessments was 32.
The Africa Environment Information Network of UNEP, within the framework of the Africa Environment Outlook, aims to strengthen national capacities in information management in countries in the region.
As for the men and women of our FBI and law enforcement, they are themselves working people who devote their lives to fighting crime and corruption.
Study on Cooperative Effect Knowledge Acquisition and Learning Capacity within Skill-based Strategic Alliances
9. Rejects all attempts to introduce unilateral coercive measures, and urges the Human Rights Council to take fully into account the negative impact of those measures, including through the enactment of national laws and their extraterritorial application which are not in conformity with international law, in its task concerning the implementation of the right to development;
Well, I just wanted to offer you an exclusive chance to view some of my other paintings.
(WFP/EB.A/2011/6-G/1), the Board took note of the projected programme of work of US$12.0 billion for the 2010 - 2011 biennium, excluding any provision for unforeseen requirements.
Sharing resources makes it possible and increased transaction cost makes it difficult.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
In case of expulsion, the length of the alien's residence within the territory of the Republic of Bulgaria, the age, the health status, the marital status, the social integration, as well as the existence of a relationship with the State of residence or the lack of a relationship with the State of origin of the person are taken into consideration.
Not a single person has been in the office this afternoon.
AVC
Up to 7 years (child abduction) or 14 years (female)
(i) Applicants are requested to indicate their responsibility in their organization or community;
3 (b) The implementation of the Joint Action Programme (JAP) and the Common Platform (Guidelines for Development of National Policies and Actions for Pollution Reduction);
 A human society that proves to be incapable of devising a human rights strategy which satisfies certain minimum requirements, in particular, in the area of fundamental rights and freedoms, is doomed to failure.
Distr.: General
They are cleaner and they are more interesting.
This Group has geared its work towards analysing the definitions and methodologies of the indicators that have been established for monitoring progress towards the Millennium Development Goals. It has focused on analysing the differences that tend to arise between the estimates made by countries and those made by international organizations.
America's Christian heritage also shaped how people view the law.
Wayne County, Kentucky
1. The mandate of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) was established by the Security Council in its resolution 1542 (2004).
During that period, I have kept the Council informed of the unprecedented challenges associated with deploying the largest and most complex peacekeeping mission the Council has authorized to date into a harsh climatic environment and a situation of ongoing conflict.
Millions of such space rocks are found today in the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
Multilateralism and peaceful solutions negotiated through the organs established for such purposes and in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations continue to be the only appropriate way to settle disputes.
Explicit attention to girls was not reported in policies and programmes in many areas, including in policies and programmes specifically focusing on women or children.
Recalling its resolutions 51/226 of 3 April 1997 and 52/219 of 22 December 1997,
As the Secretary-General had pointed out in his report, Nigeria's case had had a number of unique features, but the country was ready to share its experiences with other developing countries.
NEWS: Digital Cubes Offer Wireless, Interactive Game Playing
International Center Innovations in Civic Participation
Paragraphs Page
The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights provides the most comprehensive article on the right to health in international human rights law.
Until now,many peasants have to work hard to wrest a living from the soil.
Agenda item 131: Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (continued) (A/C.5/59/L.61)
II. Summary of the twentieth meeting of the Least Developed Countries Expert Group
Suriname feels a sense of responsibility towards Africa and the African people because we share one history.
I looked for daily changes in Titan's brightness that were due to the presence of clouds.
There had been a heavy fall of snow the previous night followed towards morning by a severe front.
In this thesis, the requirement of shallow junction devices to implantation precision is reviewed.
BDE-47 2,4,5-tribromo-1-(2,4-dibromophenoxy) benzene or;
pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
B. National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
According to the Constitutional Court, the differential treatment is not discriminatory because the doctors under exclusive contract must be available whenever they are needed by the Service, and because this kind of working relationship is the most appropriate for health-care institutions.
21. The Board recommends that UNDCP strengthen its efforts to encourage UNDP to secure the necessary audit reports for nationally executed projects, and, where appropriate, to extend the arrangements whereby nationally executed projects are audited by local accountancy firms.
Changing these is a difficult task.
It seeks to accomplish this by:
My mother asked me to go on an errand - she wanted me to buy some food.
“It's an interesting opportunity to expand the horizons of our artists and get to know the next generation of collectors in China,” he says.
Adsorption volume and partition coefficient of adsorbate between solid and liquid phase in dilute solution
We are pleased with the outcomes of the Fourth ASEM Interfaith Dialogue and are dedicated to ensuring a timely and effective implementation of the proposed actions.
They said that Muslims (with the exception of the liberal and secular elite, who favoured religious harmony) regarded them with suspicion. This was due to several factors, such as stereotypes representing Christians as anti-Muslim (because of the Crusades); an extremely restrictive civil society; and the absence of any real interchange between the Christian and Muslim communities, especially in urban environments.
So the wolf went down into the rabbit's hole and never came out.
Bundesautobahn 8
The State of origin shall take all appropriate measures to prevent significant transboundary harm or at any event to minimize the risk thereof.
(b) Report of the Conference on Disarmament;
He had noted the Board's decision related to the Cooperation Agreement with UNDP and the issues raised by Member States and would continue to liaise closely with them.
This new survey gives us a closer look at how both men and women feel about the topic of fidelity, she added in a statement.
 (d) To identify and evaluate the important processes that affect the moisture flux across the Antarctic periphery and determine the patterns of deposition on the ice sheet;
The group welcomes the implementation of the IAEA Action Plan on the Safety of Transport of Radioactive Materials, commends States that have made use of the Agency's appraisal service, and encourages other States to avail themselves of these services and to improve transport practices.
Choices about what, money?
"Social networking is an important factor leading to business success," Guo said.
15:18 A wrathful man stirreth up strife: but he that is slow to anger appeaseth strife.
VI. Positive examples and approaches to the effective political participation of minorities 61 - 74 15
GIABA followed the same procedures, with a view to achieving harmonization among the States members of ECOWAS.
19. At its meeting in February 2014, the Commission heard presentations of each of the three new applications.
However, the Departments of Political Affairs and Peacekeeping Operations concurred with this recommendation, stating that, while this was within the purview of the Office, they would provide the assistance required in implementing the recommendation.
Expert Meeting on the effectiveness of FDI policy measures
He didnt want to be separated from Yoko so he cancelled the plans for the concert tour.
So it is naturally him who gets picked for the task.
(c) The balance of 130,397,400 dollars to be prorated among the budgets of the active peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2005 to 30 June 2006;
(b) Election of officers;
China attaches great importance to developing relations with Britain, regarding China-Britain ties as one of the most important bilateral relations between large countries, he said.
She feels guilty, but says shell stay untilthere issomeone to replace her, as helping children who live inthemountains learn is too important for her to stop, she said.
 Paragraph 52 of the same interim report contains a blatant falsehood where the Commission states that "The International Commission of Inquiry subsequently independently established that an Air Zaire DC-8 aircraft had left Kinshasa for Mombasa on 16 June 1994 and returned from Goma to Kinshasa on 20 June".
Other lending is typically for mortgages and other personal loans.
The International Commission of Inquiry for Côte d'Ivoire, which I set up at the request of the Government to look into the violence that followed the presidential elections held on 22 October 2000, has completed its work.
Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations (A/63/81-E/2008/71)
A number of public seminars on these issues, were held jointly with the Education Division, the Faculty of Education of the University of Malta, and the Malta Union of Teachers (MUT).
12. On 5 September, the Committee considered the report of the External Auditor on the accounts of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization for the financial period 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2005 (PBC.22/3), the financial performance report for the biennium 2004-2005 submitted by the Director-General (PBC.22/4), the Annual Report of UNIDO 2005, including the programme performance report (PBC.22/2) and the list of technical cooperation activities (PBC.22/2/Add.1).
"(c) Encourages Member States and other donors to increase their voluntary contributions to UNIDO and specifically to the Industrial Development Fund;
49. His delegation agreed with the Commission that the counterpart of the concept of equitable and reasonable use was that of due protection of international watercourses.
But, kids can also tear pages, chew on the book, and contribute to the overall destruction of some of your most prized volumes
The main thrust of the Association's efforts at the United Nations centre on education.
(b) If the requested State Party considers that execution of the request is likely to prejudice its sovereignty, security, public order (ordre public) or other essential interests;
 At the same time, the United Nations, the OSCE, members of the Contact Group and the High Representative should immediately take a just and balanced approach to resolving outstanding problems.
Observers
The Group of Experts has been carrying out this task and has prepared the report contained in this document.
Space-related outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development
Showcasing extreme 4X4 terrain capability and superb performance, the Renegade 500 will capture the hearts of hardcore enthusiasts.
Some delegations pointed out the importance of ensuring that sexually- transmitted disease (STD)/AIDS prevention and the protection of reproductive rights were included in the package of reproductive health services provided to refugees and other people in emergency/crisis situations.
The Special Committee regularly presented the General Assembly with extensive information concerning the flouting of the most elementary rights of the Palestinian people the Syrian population of the occupied Golan and of other Arabs in the occupied territories.
8. OIOS noted that a combined balance of $10,097,000 remained in the Trust Fund for the Restoration of Essential Public Services in Sarajevo and the Trust Fund for the Police Assistance Programme in Bosnia and Herzegovina as at 30 June 2002.
Have you EVER been charged with committing any crime or offense?
4. Encourages States parties to the Convention to deposit with the Secretary-General charts and lists of geographical coordinates, as provided for in the Convention;
As promised by the Secretary-General, detailed information on the use of CERF has been provided to Member States.
Maybe I should just stay at home and watch it on television.
9. A number of States have taken up this call since passage of the resolution.
The programmes will focus on developing export supply capacities.
In so doing, the office provides the staff of IMS with administrative services in all matters relating to administration, recruitment, human resources, official travel, some budget and finance, etc., and maintains relevant files and records.
Kwai Shing Swimming Pool Carpark (opposite to Kwai Shing West Estate), Kwai Chung
Helicopter-borne commados were dropped into the area.
Those who have gotten 7 or more marks in IELTS , in my point of view, just not take it seriously
The Electoral Commission, with the support of the UNAMI Electoral Office, is coordinating with Iraqi security forces and the Multinational Force the establishment of security arrangements for the distribution of electoral materials and for the day of the referendum.
Just let it gradually build, from the front to the back.
Chapter Five: Countermeasures and Thoughts to Advance the Development of Public Culture Service in China.
10. I urge all parties to recognize and commit to maintaining the neutrality and security of schools, hospitals and religious institutions as "safe zones" in conflict-affected areas.
"Those who lavish gold from the purse And weigh silver on the scale Hire a goldsmith, and he makes it into a god; They bow down, indeed they worship it.
Beautiful weather
The angel shortcoming is too kind. The devil shortcoming is too evil. My shortcoming is too spiritless.
The ultimate recovery depends on the complexity of the reservoir.
It would allow for the initial sea-basing of elements that could eventually be deployed as a land-based stabilization force and a follow-on United Nations peacekeeping operation.
C. Consideration of and action on draft proposals
Human Rights Watch
As a result of that conference, over 40 prominent women leaders from around the world had called upon the Secretary-General to convene a ministerial conference in 2010 on the implementation of resolution 1325 (2000).
The rubber tubes resile.
Landlocked developing countries depend on the state of their own and their transit neighbours' border procedures and level of bilateral cooperation as well as regional cooperation or integration.
The risks that the IMF is analysing can be summarised in a single word: stagflation.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/65/L.24/Rev.1
ASEAN, which supported the goals of the International Year of the Family, had created joint projects for strengthening the family.
10. Subject to the provisions of its domestic law and its extradition treaties, the requested State Party may, upon being satisfied that the circumstances so warrant and are urgent and at the request of the requesting State Party, take a person whose extradition is sought and who is present in its territory into custody or take other appropriate measures to ensure his or her presence at extradition proceedings.
ICEPS presented a paper on Programmes of debt conversion in the Mediterranean countries and the participation of private Italian citizens, in May 1997.
Background: Article 4, paragraph 2(d), of the Convention provides that a second review of the adequacy of Article 4, paragraph 2(a) and (b), shall take place not later than 31 December 1998.
:: How can action plans be financed in both a flexible and predictable manner?
The Mission uses United Nations Volunteers only when appropriate.
Now every time I have the salt coffee, I always think of my childhood.
Another State party had established a general statute of limitations setting out a period of 5 years, which would be disrupted if the defendant committed a new offence, and suspended by the formalization of the inquiry, which normally took up to two years.
Senegal was concerned that some countries had accepted the "safe third country" concept as a basis for removal without necessary protection safeguards and called for a strengthening of the resources of UNHCR and its international partners to tackle recurrent sexual violence against displaced women and girls and to protect refugees at sea.
OK. Given that, then I want to talk a little bit further about the heat capacity.
Had any assessment been made of the impact of those changes?
We believe that good will and consideration of the interests of all partners will predominate in further measures taken to implement this resolution in the future.
The euro exchange rates against other currencies were under severe pressure, as the cohesiveness of the European Union was in doubt by the market.
(iii) Ad hoc expert group meetings on: national accounts and economic statistics; demographic statistics; environment and energy statistics for sustainable development; gender statistics; data quality; working group of the Statistical Committee (2);
A study from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States reported the following:
46. The United Nations played a crucial role in information and communications, a role that needed reinforcement in order to counter the hegemony of biased media groups.
They are trickling into the classroom.
127. The following States Members of the United Nations were represented by observers: Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Canada, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Ecuador, Indonesia, Ireland, Islamic Republic of Iran, Israel, Italy, Japan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Morocco, Netherlands, Peru, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Syrian Arab Republic, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yugoslavia.
Lisa’s outdoor bounce and freckled good nature had become somewhat butch; her hair, like her mother’s, turned gray early.
:: Support and maintenance of 74 very small aperture terminal (VSAT) systems, 93 telephone exchanges and 86 microwave links
The elected parliament of Libya and its interim Government denounced the human rights violations committed by all armed groups and condemned all actions that violated national legislation and international instruments.
6. Recalls paragraph 13 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, and encourages UN-Women to make the best possible use of human and financial resources at its disposal, without undermining the implementation of mandated programmes and activities;
Mr. Almansoor (Bahrain) (spoke in Arabic): AIDS is a scourge and a peril facing the international community.
Radio Miraya and other radio stations and newspapers reported regularly on human rights issues
But looking back to that Monterey restaurant so many years ago, I'm not so hard on myself.
Furthermore, it was not wise to increase the number of holidays because that would not help to enhance the effectiveness of the Organization or improve its image.
You cannot build a reputation on what you are going to do.
It is generally admitted in the proper exercise of judicial power that it be exercised by an authority which is independent, objective and impartial in relation to the issues dealt with.
Now obviously, we've had challenges as everybody in the world knows -- but I never doubted that it was a marriage worth investing in even in the midst of those challenges, Clinton was quoted as saying.
This product use UV - A lamp and glue paper to killer mosquito and fly.
Visit Prevention's emotional eating forum and meet other women trying to kick the habit.
Operational back-up support for the Haitian National Police in civil disorder management and crowd control
The second ministerial round table, on the topic "Promoting the integration of developing countries into the world economy and generating new public and private financing resources to complement development efforts", will be held on Friday, 21 September, from 9.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. in Conference Room 3.
Albor Tholus
We just lost our third engine, but please be assured we can fly with only one.We will now arrive in London three hours late.
51. Lastly, the procedure for approval of the Noumea Accord was already in progress, the National Assembly and the Senate at a joint meeting having already approved the constitutional act on New Caledonia on 6 July 1998.
Time and tide wait for no man. I should value my time
11. In conclusion, the foregoing demonstrates that the Government of Mexico is in full compliance with resolution 58/7.
Move your cursor to the search line and type some key words.
We are investing up to $2 billion on development research over the next five years, to help to address global challenges likely to affect poor countries and poor people the most -- such as climate change, population movements, and rising oil and food prices.
Stock markets may well fall in 2008 from their levels at the end of this year, but they would need to drop 20 per cent from their recent peaks for there to be a full-blown bear market.
These conclusions largely parallel those reached by the Special Rapporteur in his tenth report and are reflected, in particular, in draft guidelines 3.2 to 3.2.4 (A/CN.4/558/Add.2, paras. 151-180).
Turkish liquid unit equal to 1.3 pints.
The existence of these discriminatory laws in the legal codes, of a substantive or adjectival nature, does not mean they are used or applied, and they will be removed all at one time as part of the pending legal reform package whose completion is expected to occur soon.
Abraham gave the name Isaac to the son Sarah bore him.
Fifty-seventh session
2. Adoption of the agenda.
Its manager, Bojan Boskovic, talks of turning Novi Sad into the Edinburgh of the Balkans. He is speaking of culture, not politics.
V. UA AND TRADE IN SERVICES
:: One General Service (Principal level) post, Senior Administrative Assistant
The moon rises in the east and sets in the west.
Critical zones in global environment change (ICA 91/053; valid until 31 October 1999)
Both English and Chinese are abound with idioms.
It was he who keyed the door yesterday.
Decisive action in this regard would help to restore law and order as well as the Palestinian Authority's diminished credibility.
Charlie Rowe
Complementing the Government's actions, the Shipping Association of Jamaica, a private sector organization, is planning to establish a waste reception facility at the port in Kingston.
As a result, developing countries only capture a small share of the final price that these commodities command in the consumer markets abroad.
340. During the transition period the most important changes are those connected with benefits in kind, mainly in the form of services considered as investments in the young generation (human capital).
Assessment of financial flows for the implementation of the Convention
This reduces the flexibility that was provided to developing countries during the Uruguay Round to address their domestic policy concerns.
Many large financial institutions have recently joined a global initiative promoting fossil-fuel divestment.
5/COP.10 Revised procedures for the accreditation of civil society organizations and representatives from the private sector to the Conference of the Parties and their participation in meetings and processes of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification 38
trolley-mounted garage jack, hydraulic
The General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/55/ L.89 (resolution 55/278).
57. Steps have been taken to increase the UN-Women management response to, and utilization of, evaluations since 2011.
did I not say, Do not deceive me?
Objective: To investigate the effect of some kinds of fried fluid of Chinese medicine on rats bile deduction.
It has since been succeeded by the Inter-Agency Task Force on Basic Social Services for All, with an expanded role.
Taking into account the justification provided in support of the proposed establishment of these positions, the Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the Secretary-General’s proposals.
And it's a fact that having Gypsies a neighbourhood lowers the price of property.
Our delegation underscores the importance of the symbiotic relationship between disarmament and development and the role of security.
The Committee requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report detailed information on the causes, scope and extent of all forms of violence against women and on the impact of measures taken to prevent such violence, to investigate occurrences, to prosecute and punish perpetrators and to provide protection, relief and remedies, including appropriate compensation, to victims and their families.
Court days
Li and his best friend Zhu Xianbin came to Shanghai to celebrate their graduation.
International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property
Studies based on aggregate national data show that ICT have had an important impact on the economic performance of some developed countries.
The Committee was also informed that larger generators were more economical relative to their power output than smaller generators, although the latter had a role in the Mission's smaller sites, where flexibility in power requirements was needed.
The source adds that the persons mentioned in the communication are still detained in unknown places, and their family members and lawyers are not allowed to visit them.
She too would prefer a model law because it would be simple for Governments and parliaments to adopt.
The Anti-Democratic Heart of Populism
Yesterday, Wednesday 19 July 2006 witnessed an escalation of the Israeli aggression by land, sea and air that led to the deaths of 70 civilians and the wounding of over 300.
It further notes that the same Appeal Court had already decided on that matter, rejecting the application of this new law, in its decision of 4 August 2005; and that the Supreme Court ignored such decision and ordered the Appeal Court to review its previous verdict on this specific issue.
Inclusive policies alone will not automatically produce the expected impacts on the ground, however, and require an appropriate environment and mechanisms for implementation.
Half of these courses were job related.
i. Desk and chairsa
Moreover, the disarmament machinery cannot continue to function effectively without a modest further opening to the outside world.
The Committee notes the State party's argument that the complainant did not apparently experience any problems during the two years following his readmission into army ranks under the Nguessou Administration, nor has he proved that his situation differs from that of other persons covered by the amnesty law.
The Government is committed to ensuring the implementation of these recommendations.
The ieframe. dll error might be a fluke and a simple restart could clear it up completely.
For example, even if a depositor has concluded a security agreement with a creditor, the depositary bank has (a) the same rights and obligations in relation to its depositor; (b) the same rights of set-off; (c) no obligation to pay any person other than the person that has control of the account; and (d) no obligation to respond to any requests for information (see A/CN.9/631, recommendations 122 and 123).
The approach of the Council to the Sudan was the same as its approach to any sovereign State coming out of conflict: partnership.
The present drive for establishing an alternative to the Conference would be an easy solution yet one that, in weakening the very structure of multilateral disarmament, might have unexpected consequences for many of our medium- and long-term aspirations.
The Commission may wish to take into account, in its discussions under relevant agenda items, the views expressed by the Committee.
During this period all the students were actively participating.
Description Revised budget
While these are undertaken, the laws unduly curtailing human rights are in effect, ensuring both violations and making legal action more difficult, especially as some counter-terrorism measures have limited the right of persons or groups to challenge them in the national courts.
National Museum of Ethnography
Most of the representatives expressed agreement with the proposed TMA-based component covering both SIAP-JICA courses and short-term courses.
V. Financial and administrative aspects
The  raiders   disguised  themselves as security guards.
Sue:            Do you have Don's number
The present situation for the other pesticides is unknown.
Akan, Hokkaido
He outlined UNEP's efforts in assisting low-volume-consuming countries through non-investment and institutional strengthening projects, and highlighted a number of innovative approaches that had been adopted, including the establishment of National Ozone Committees to prepare country programmes, the creation of regional networks, the use of refrigerant management plans, the formation of the "halon trader" business-to-business Web portal, the use of electronic discussion forums, and the establishment of North-South and South-South collaborative partnerships.
4.1 On 12 November 2010, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and the merits.
in favour: President Shi; VicePresident Ranjeva; Judges Guillaume, Koroma, Vereshchetin, Higgins, Kooijmans, Rezek, AlKhasawneh, Buergenthal, Elaraby, Owada, Tomka; Judge ad hoc Sepúlveda;
To encourage co-operation amongst law enforcement agencies.
Patrick Brammall
60. The framework adopted at a special conference of the African Ministerial Conference on Housing and Urban Development, held in April 2006, contributed to a more systemic approach to confronting the slum challenge in Africa.
Year
Mrs. Sands thought it would be best For the little girl and we agreed.
12. The withholding of passports by the employer is widespread, reinforcing isolation and dependence and restricting the movement of the migrant worker out of the house as well as out of the country.
1. Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on agricultural technology for development;
For the first time, Kosovo Albanian political leaders recognized that the Kosovo Serb community faces serious limitations in the exercise of its fundamental rights in Kosovo.
S/AC.50/2007/139 (combined report)
Office space fees, building maintenance, security, utilities and insurance
The information technology revolution had two main interrelated components: technology and people.
[21 May 2004]
This release supports only WSDL files that contain single WSDL bindings and. Disco files that reference single Web services.
The Conference on Disarmament cannot afford to act as a relic of a long bygone world. It must tackle the challenges of the twenty-first century.
Muccia
5.1 On 5 March 2009, the authors recall that under article 432 of the Civil Procedure Code, the ruling of the cassation court is final and becomes executory from the moment of its adoption.
Lack of agreement may not be used as justification for a more severe sentence in subsequent criminal justice proceedings.
I sorry that I have lost the magazine that you lent to me few days ago.
Through the Technical Cooperation Programme, the Agency is also assisting the Government of Ukraine in the management of the radioactive waste associated with the shelter at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant and in drawing up plans for decommissioning the plant.
 Many of these activities involve greater emphasis on issues such as decentralization, accountability and enhancement of the relationship between government and the private and non-governmental sectors.
This includes situations where States occupy or otherwise exercise effective control over foreign territory, where the full spectrum of obligations under the right to health applies.
Under the agreement, the parties would not directly or indirectly sponsor or present for identification anyone from the above three tribal groupings other than persons included in the 1974 census and their immediate families, but the parties would not be obligated to prevent individuals from these groupings from presenting themselves.
4. International Year of the Family, 1994.
They worked long hours on meager food, in cold rooms, by dim lamps.
“It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture,” Bush declared, “with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.”
26. Emphasizes the importance of strengthening political commitment and action at all levels to implement effectively the sustainable management of all types of forests and to achieve the global objectives set out in the present resolution by requesting the Forum to conclude and adopt at its seventh session a non-legally binding instrument on all types of forests, in order to facilitate the work of the Forum in this regard;
They look with trepidation at the temperature gauge , which reaches 120 C ( 248 F ).
Accordingly, this recommendation will be implemented in the biennium 2012-2013.
They cry at sappy movies, just like we do.
The presence an associated skin rash supports the likelihood of RSV infection.
Regarding Jordan, the Council expressed concern over the overall lack of progress, and encouraged Jordan to expedite the implementation of its rangeland restoration programme and to report to the Governing Council by its next session in October 2008 on significant progress in that respect.
This product have been sold well in domestic market.
B:  A: Then ,send two cases please .
In the city I was nothing, but there in the countryside I was considered a big fish.
The central banks of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan in particular responded by further tightening monetary policy, with additional interest rate increases expected in the second quarter of 2011.
Tyler: Well, my plans aren't set in stone, so I think I can help you then.
The discovery of this law marked a turning point in the history of electromagnetism.
Such programmes seek to reduce poverty directly through high labour content technologies and indirectly through productivity enhancing infrastructure.
Bloomberg Information Statistics showed that 15 kinds of euro against the major currencies 6 daily weakness.
8 E
Article 10 [16]. Conference services and facilities
Xiao Sa
Langya Temple
Finally, the United Kingdom welcomed the work being conducted by various countries, agencies and groups to combat the threat of nuclear terrorism.
What's more, Mr. Bernanke and other Fed officials believe financial markets remain especially fragile.
But explaining that to block thinkers will never have the impact of a real connection to the multi-faceted discourse that is actually taking place on the other side.
I am your angel and when it's time to face the storm ll be right by your sid
Glory to you! We exclaim with a joyful soul.
Then the whole evening is ruined and everyone has to go home.
Section 2. General Assembly affairs and conference services (A/C.5/54/18, A/C.5/54/19 and A/53/833)
I repeat it, sir, we must fight!
Would exchange of information relating to oligopsony or buyer power be feasible or useful?
I ask him how to be solved commanding , bring about splash the evil consequence up.
Both prosecution and defense lawyers gave eloquent closing speeches.
In paragraph 12, the reference to safeguards-strengthening measures was somewhat ambiguous.
Moreover, it should be established that the public accepted the appeals.
The research is published in the latest edition of the journal "Personality and Individual Differences".
However, scientists now find that such imperceptible pictures can be made visible when people hear the name of the object in question.
The car ran down the hill.
Mr. LOSHCHININ (Russian Federation) said that the present session was taking place at an auspicious juncture shortly after the summit meeting of the countries of the Group of Eight (G-8), at which a number of decisions of direct importance for the entire United Nations system had been taken.
If people continue to occupy the land, what will happen?
A copy of this internal communication was sent to the UNDP office in Malabo, which was how the Special Representative learned of it.
The Contracting States shall make available additional amounts from public funds.
Defunct airlines of France
Nineteenth session*
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. t you cycle to work as we do
On 13 July 1994, counsel submitted additional clarifications.
56. According to the administering Power, there has been a steady growth of vaccination programmes aiming at the target of having every infant protected against poliomyelitis, diphtheria, whooping cough, tetanus, tuberculosis, mumps and rubella.
He can miss them and still want to be here with his father.
Visible to his left are an equipment bag and a collapsible chair.
8 MPs from the New Serb Democracy,
The companies had hoped to take long-term stakes in several of China’s biggest banks as a way to capitalize on this country’s growing economy.
Although recent international conferences and summits had given fresh impetus to increase official development assistance, the gap between needs and resource requirements for health and education remained very wide.
The discovery of such a large gibbon population may mean the species has a better chance of long-term survival, the scientists say.
There are about twenty plates.
Reconstruction of Nahr el-Bared refugee camp
Corrigendum
In general, his delegation agreed with the inclusion of the categories of grounds for invalidity of unilateral acts proposed by the Special Rapporteur, namely, invalidity on the grounds that the representative lacked competence, invalidity related to the expression of consent and invalidity of a unilateral act contrary to a norm of jus cogens.
Its status, technical leadership, organizational effectiveness and resource base must be improved, so that it could make a greater contribution to the United Nations system.
31. Article 7 of the Constitution of 20 January 2002 states: "The human person is sacred and has the right to life.
1. No provision was made under this heading.
When the final report was received, two possibilities would exist.
Second, professional diversity in the UNV roster, with over 100 professional categories and over 200 types of assignments.
There was considerable concern about the effects these developments would have on the long-term viability of the non-proliferation regime and international peace and stability, at both regional and global levels.
In so considering, the Implementation Committee may wish to make reference to its recommendation 32/2 and to previous decisions of the Meeting of the Parties on the issue, such as decision XV/18.
"3. (1) Subject to any exemption which may be granted by the Treasury or a person authorised by the Treasury, no person shall, without permission granted by the Treasury or a person authorised by the Treasury and in accordance with such conditions as the Treasury or such authorised person may impose -
40. During the reporting period, members of all communities throughout Kosovo regularly cited electricity and potable water shortages and poor infrastructure as major points of concern.
654. The Subregional Office for Eastern Africa provided advisory services during the biennium to evaluate the five-year strategic plan of the Northern Corridor Transit Transport Coordination Authority for 2007-2011 and prepared a successor plan for 2012-2016.
Well, wait, wait, what's on top of that?
Qin Shihuang was the ruler of the Qin Dynasty.
Policies of Democratic Republic of the Congo authorities; political developments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; availability of Government resources and donor assistance
I also made a few basic points about Germany's FMCT approach in general, to which I refer.
Also I must have spent every 5th minute looking under the trains while painting.
'The specter of Citi's problem asset levels . could continue to hinder investor confidence in the story,' Mr.Trone wrote to clients.
There's a nest outside your window with three baby birds!
1. In a departure from its traditional rotation of venue, the 2007 Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty (NPT) Preparatory Committee meeting will take place in Vienna, to honour the fiftieth anniversary of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), an institution that has been intimately involved in promoting and facilitating the peaceful uses of nuclear energy longer than the NPT itself has existed.
As imperialism sought to salvage its declining power, the United States rulers were turning more and more to the use of military might to impose their interests.
He ` does look tired.
Mike: What colour is it?
(d) Continue, on a case-by-case basis, to invite relevant parties, including neighbouring States, to come to the Committee to exchange information on sanctions implementation; seek further information from States alleged to have violated sanctions; and make the outcome of the discussion public, perhaps in the committee's annual report;
Chapter VI
It finds incompatible with the Covenant that the death penalty is mandatory for the crimes of murder, aggravated robbery, treason and terrorism resulting in the death of a person, and the imposition of death sentences by field courts-martial without the possibility of appeal or to seek pardon or commutation of the sentence.
If he had been able to step outside or find a quiet corner, Kostya thought that he could contain the feeling.
Nobody wants to remain a beginner. It is merely a rite of passage everyone must experience.
Often when you hook a fish in these shallow rivers they will roll on the surface.
The result is that, although producer countries may incur significant short-term costs by supporting policy reforms and regulations that encourage sustainable forest management, they are also likely to gain substantially in the long run from a more efficient forestry sector.
Athletics, clubs, social events and creative arts are a part of each person's education.
For purposes of this Law, a major city refers to a city where the People's Government of the province or autonomous region is seated, the city where a special economic zone is located, and any other major city approved by the State Council.
Jerry, do you copy? Over.
Bob Pease
Promotional events in-store linked to special events or seasons.
Probable cash disbursement and Financial Commitment required during the fiscal year may also be compiled therein.
Iron ore
44. Noting the emerging agreement on the use of terms such as "concluding observations" and "general comments", the fifth inter-committee meeting recommended that the Secretariat revise its proposal on standardization of terminology as contained in the annex to document HRI/MC/2005/2 and submit it to each committee for consideration, with a view to the approval of standardized terminology by the nineteenth meeting of chairpersons in 2007.
 One such project involved UNHCR and the European Consultation on Refugees and Exiles working in collaboration with NGOs in several Central and Eastern European countries to train staff as well as local lawyers.
Member States will be aware that Singapore has consistently supported an expansion of the Security Council in both its permanent and non-permanent categories.
The “general designation” cites the following 16 types of conduct as unfair trade practices (“Unfair Trade Practices”, Fair Trade Commission Notification No. 15, 18 June 1982).
Of course, such a transformation has been predictedand avoidedfor years.
Hence, it has become imperative for the international community to display genuine solidarity and shared responsibility for our common good.
Paragraph 1.8
You can also drag OpenType, TrueType, Type 1, and raster fonts from another location to add them to the Fonts folder.
5. The incident that took place in the occupied Palestinian city of Hebron on 15 November 2002 targeted a number of the Israeli soldiers and Israeli armed settlers, it did not target Israeli civilians.
10. The private sector, markets and entrepreneurship were vital for galvanizing production, creating jobs and sustaining economic growth and should not, therefore, be forgotten.
"Everyone says the Germans don't have the best defence, but I disagree and they've also shown they have good forwards, " he said.
Typically in the past similar circumstances have been the cause of major stock market revaluation and rampant speculation in the property markets.
"And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write: He who is holy, who is true, who has the key of David, who opens and no one will shut, and who shuts and no one opens, says this
 Plans, organizes and services the annual plenary session of the Conference of European Statisticians;
Mr. Skau (Sweden): I have the honour to introduce the draft resolution on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, document A/64/L.32.
31. The Special Rapporteur strongly condemns the recent wave of laws, regulations and practices in some parts of the world designed to silence, intimidate and harass those who promote the human rights of LGBTI people through public assemblies.
21. During the period from 1 December 2002 to 28 February 2003, inspectors have been provided with high technology, state-of-the-art equipment.
Although strictly speaking the blockade was not imposed from a gender perspective its impact was more severe on women than on men.
Requests the Executive Director as Chair of the Environment Management Group, in consultation with the Secretary-General and the Chief Executives Board, to identify possible measures to maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of the Group and to submit a report with recommendations to the United Nations Environment Assembly for consideration at its second session;
The number of participants also increased from approximately 360 in 1998 to more than 1,000 in 2002.
Today, Cyprus joins its voice with the rest of the international community in renewing the promise to work with diligence and determination globally, regionally and nationally at the highest political level in order to achieve the commitments set out in the 2001 Declaration of Commitment and the Millennium Development Goal of ultimately achieving our common objective of halting and reversing the spread of AIDS.
CRC/C/11/Add.13
The satellite image was captured at 04:24 Hong Kong Time on 18/05/2009
VIII. Credentials of representatives
More than 1,000 confiscated, seized and surplus small arms and light weapons were destroyed during the ceremony.
129. The Division regularly consulted with the substantive secretariats of various regional groupings of Member States to draw their attention to the importance of including their meetings in the Division's advance planning process, which resulted in more predictable planning for the allocation of required resources.
As it is desirable that there be a clear demonstration of substantial and credible progress before the convening of the NPT Conference, the negotiations should be speeded up.
The next day my friends told me that they had seen him at the bonfire celebration.
1.Absolutely. But you are at least better than Zhang Ziyi
Rule 6
3. When the secretariat has received at least one notification from each of two PIC regions, the collection of information on evidence of trade could be undertaken from all possible sources simultaneously, as follows:
The children ran into the living room from the beach, their faces glowing with health and vigor.
The broken lock facilitated my entrance into the empty room.
Paragraph 131 of the report of the Forum on its sixth session
The prestige of the United Nations balances on a tripod made of three equally important legs: the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Secretariat.
34. The General Assembly, in its resolution 60/257, took note of the report and encouraged intergovernmental bodies to make use of the findings in the programme performance report of the Secretary-General and evaluation reports in planning and policymaking.
1. To hold periodic meetings of the Andean Council of Ministers for Foreign Affairs, jointly with the Ministers for Defence of the Community, with a view to promoting dialogue and agreement on common security and confidence-building policies;
To strengthen the capacity of specialists involved in the settlement of cases of domestic violence, the representatives of the MLSPF attended the following courses:
Further, UN-Women has an essential role in supporting the monitoring of progress on implementation of United Nations system commitments.
Angelique looks at me.
In his absence, his house was searched and documents confiscated.
Created overall audit observation related and non- audit observation programme budget - all projects set up in PeopleSoft
These are shared values.
How could you do that to me?
All in all, a greater number of Member States that are engaging themselves in the work of the United Nations should be able to get more involved in the work of the Security Council.
40. The Legal Aid Department provides legal representation to eligible persons in both civil and criminal cases heard in the Court of Final Appeal, the Court of Appeal, the Court of First Instance, the District Court and the Magistrates' Court (for committal proceedings).
 The letter, inter alia, stated that IAEA "did not do what it had to do in response to the sincere efforts of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to solve the 'nuclear issue' through negotiations, but, instead, adopted an unreasonable 'resolution' at its last General Conference.
The doctor told Los Angeles Police investigators that he was with Jackson through the early morning hours of June 25 in an effort to help the pop star fall asleep, according to a police affidavit.
A man was killed in a convenience store hold-up last night.
59. On 27 August, shells fell on a SARC-Dar`a convoy that was offloading in northern Dar`a.
Table 3, question 5: individual applications for a ruling, by gender
In order to promote development, equal attention and urgent consideration should be given to the implementation, promotion and protection of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights.
Synchronization of the time interval between the reporting cycles of all regions in order to facilitate cross-country comparability and trend analysis;
Developing countries (or countries with economies in transition) with high forest cover use their forests especially for economic development.
Besides, it's nearly half past nine, and still nothing's happened.
Heimsheim
But industrial production and steel production growth fell.
NLD
make better use of the UN machinery, including General Assembly resolutions, as well as ECOSOC and Commission on Sustainable Development mechanisms
Nothing. I'm fine.
The current multilateral rules under the WTO Agreement on Agriculture were unlikely to reduce the adjustment costs resulting from the agricultural reform process, as in his view the Agreement on Agriculture was focused on curbing agricultural production by eliminating policy distortions rather than serving the general purpose of poverty alleviation.
In that respect, I would like to inform the Assembly that my country has assumed its share of world responsibility, including by ratifying the Kyoto Protocol last September.
Albania, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Romania, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay.
Thirdly, countries should be committed to nuclear non-proliferation by political and diplomatic means within the framework of international law.
Injection cohesion and enforcement by dropping infiltration are used in combination as surface consolidation project.
(b) On the role of the mass information media, i.e. the press, radio and television, in the publicizing of human rights and disseminating information on the purposes and principles of the above-mentioned human rights instruments.
Nonetheless, if a person whose name is on the list annexed to resolution 1737 (2006) enters Andorra in order to establish residence there, he or she must follow the procedure required for immigration purposes.
The Council heard statements by the representatives of India and Japan.
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop- and police-contributing countries pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B (10 September 2001; 3 September 2010)
In many western countries, such as the United States or Canada, which are made up of many different nations,3
Giles Keating, head of research for private banking and asset management at Credit Suisse, said there were “strong similarities” between SSFIs and private equity because they both aligned management and shareholder interests and required long-term strategic focus from their managers.
The years of strain and pain limited his speed and mobility to the point where shots he would have once easily returned, now flew by him untouched.
1. Decides to approve the programme of work of the Committee;
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenants on Human Rights, other relevant human rights instruments and the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (A/CONF.157/23),
Full reimbursement of expenses and timely, release of subsidy by the Central Government.
And that could hurt future generations.
 Actual expenditures incurred were in respect of a five-person air crew for 108 nights, resulting in savings of $19,700 under this heading.
Women-headed households.
States parties may obtain guidance on appropriate indicators from the ongoing work of WHO, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat), the International Labour Organization (ILO), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
Contributions to 2010 core resources dropped to $15.0 million, from $18.7 million in 2009 (excluding UNDP programming support).
All signatories must give the highest priority to ensuring that the implementation date of 1 January 1995 was met.
FCCC/SBSTA/2004/12 Progress report on work relating to registry systems.
We commend the greater interaction between Council members during consultations.
F. Agenda
R, D&amp;M: Hello, Mr. Goat. A radish. a big radish. Its too heavy. We cant pull it out.
The buyer commenced proceedings in Switzerland within two years but after expiry of the one-year limitation period under Swiss domestic law.
53. The implementation of changes to the regional architecture is anticipated to be fully completed by the end of 2013, putting the new structure in place for implementation of the new strategic plan, 2014-2017.
Any number of single lobby cards will be shipped for one shipping charge.
Greece
It was stated that civil society, and especially non-governmental organizations (NGOs), had a role to play in any reform of global governance.
A tourist guide must be responsible for arrangingandcoordinating tour activities, and offering serviceoftransportation, accommodation, sightseeing, shoppingandentertainment.
136.60 Comply with its CEDAW obligations, and undertake further steps to empower women at all levels by creating more employment opportunities and increasing their rights in participation in decision-making (Bahrain);
Our appeals have been ignored.
(b) Whereas the Administrative Tribunal recognized in its Judgement No. 1419 (2008) that it is "neither the General Assembly nor the Secretary-General, and therefore it is not in a position to substitute its judgement for policy decisions on personnel matters", the Dispute Tribunal determined in two cases that certain posts should have been reclassified at a higher level.
It helps us to touch the sky, teaches us to survive and shows us a specific way.
"The great Powers would no longer be more formidable only as a result of the strength of their armies or of their fleets.
Brush your pearly whites at least two to three times a day and don't forget to brush your tongue in the morning.
Academics sometimes associate certain periods in history with countries or regions as a way of highlighting predominant characteristics or trends.
I have an eating disorder and an addictive personality.
After the death of Napoleon his empire began to fall to pieceS.
The difference in the milling quality of the grains on the secondary branches at the same parts between the two panicle types was greater than that on the primary branches regardless of panicle type.
Trustee, Mount Sinai Medical Center
If you can't start the car you can always go by bus instead.
This opportunity will allow me to grow professionally and bring me closer to my ultimate career objectives.
d. Payroll
23. Since the prohibition of discrimination is one of the pillars of international human rights law, de jure and de facto discrimination against any individual must be at the centre of any human rights analysis.
UNCTAD's existing capacity-building programme should be strengthened. This would enable officials and other individuals from developing countries and some interested countries with economies in transition to become better informed, through regular training courses in cooperation with the United Nations Staff College, of key issues on the international economic agenda, in particular with development dimensions within UNCTAD's field of competence.
The shopping center, we can buy all kinds of different types of goods.
11. By resolution 1725 (2006) of 6 December 2006, the Security Council authorized IGAD and States members of the African Union to establish a protection and training mission in Somalia, and decided that the arms embargo would not apply to supplies of weapons and military equipment and technical training and assistance intended solely for the support of or use by that force.
Please stop me if you have any question.
The European Union furthermore expresses its grave concern that the period leading up to this anniversary has been marked by fresh arrests of NLD activists.
Supportive public opinion was crucial to the success of the Summit.
We shall creep out quietly into the butler's pantry -'cried the Mole.
Studio e.go!
Provisional agenda
I. Introduction
All elections shall be decided by secret ballot unless otherwise decided by the Conference.
Likewise, the departure of senior trial attorneys and senior legal advisers (expected to reach almost 50 per cent by year-end) is creating critical backlogs.
Length of pre-trial preparation of cases
In the face of such staggering numbers, commitments to take thousands or even tens of thousands of people will do almost nothing to alleviate the misery of millions.
G. Communication No. 1523/2006, Tiyagarajah v. Sri Lanka
36. the most fearful poverty is the feeling of lonely and be abandoned.
61. A shift to a reliance on modern wood energy technologies could bring with it quantum increases in employment generation and the redistribution of investment to marginalized rural populations.
Country: China
It takes time for people to accept new things
24 August 2010
25. At the national level, the number of cases registered rose from 39,156 in 2003 to 42,400 in 2004.
He doesn't look too unhappy to me.
Find your own thing and find your inner voice.
Now I'da briefing and share my views from China's perspective.
Halliburton Geophysical, Halliburton Logging and Otis Engineering all advance claims for specific contract losses arising from Iraq’s unlawful invasion and occupation of Kuwait.1.
The Registrar shall ask the Office of the Prosecutor and relevant Heads of organizational units of other organs of the Court to prepare programme budget proposals for the following financial period at such times and in such detail as the Registrar may prescribe, in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules, any prescriptions that the Assembly of States Parties or the Committee on Budget and Finance may make, as well as any further regulations, rules and instructions.
 We can all see that this process is passing through a very difficult period, marked by the recent attacks that took place in Israel.
This report aims to highlight the significant developments in the past year.
In determining the location and time schedules of the facilities, attention will be paid to work/life balance and to the new methods of work.
The reconvening of the Committee would demonstrate the commitment of both parties to the joint management of the Abyei Area.
Thought we'd move there together.
The State party submitted that the meeting will be organized shortly and that it will inform the Committee of its outcome.
cried the minister to himself, at length, pausing in the street, and striking his hand against his forehead.
4. On 21 October 2010, however, Mr. Robert Serry, the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process, had expressed alarm at reports of renewed settlement construction in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and had reiterated the United Nations strong support for negotiations.
Almost everybody could sense the danger of a latent aggression.
17 March 1990
Live - loading keeps the stem tight for long  periods  of time without maintenance.
It emphasized that State parties should ensure that their constitutions and legislation comply with the principles of the Convention and that they take all necessary measures, including temporary special measures, to achieve the equal representation of women in political and public life.
Paragraph
87. The Government has established a Ministry that deals with National Federal Constitution and Reconciliation and also a National Commission for Reconciliation the later in accordance with Article 68 (b) of the TFC.
60/15 Strengthening emergency relief, rehabilitation, reconstruction and prevention in the aftermath of the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster
Faunaeur
Assist the Committee in its cooperation or contacts with similar bodies of other Conventions of Rio Generation.
This strip is one of the only available bearing points from which to support the bridge in the congested urban context.
 Furthermore, other, similar hostile actions by United States and other warplanes were carried out over Ninawa, Salah al-Din and Ta'mim Governorates.
This is particularly necessary in light of the more frequent and severe sudden-onset disasters, as well as the dire humanitarian consequences of slow-onset disasters such as droughts, both of which are due to the negative effects of climate change.
Mining authorities attributed this discrepancy to the involvement of FARDC criminal networks in fraudulent mining during the suspension.
Third part: 31 July - 15 September 2006
Malaysia advisory, guidance and operational assistance services concerning management of the transmission of non-conventional energy, through a locally incorporated joint-venture corporation with Malaysian individuals or Malaysian-controlled corporations, or both, and Bumiputra (i.e. indigenous Malay) shareholding in the joint-venture corporation of at least 30 per cent.
Some 64 countries are now littered with an estimated 85 million to 110 million anti-personnel land-mines; 65 million, or approximately two thirds of these, have been laid since 1978.
But if we hadn't waited for Jack to perform, he would have given us a huge guilt trip about it on Monday.L: A guilt trip?
Captain: Now let's focus on the duty.
For example, with respect to sanitation, 80 per cent of urban residents versus 50 per cent of rural residents had access to a toilet in 2010.
He found himself in the middle of a political power struggle between the Jedi Council and the Chancellor.
Dismissal of 68 judges, right to liberty, independence of the judiciary - article 25 (c), article 14, paragraph 1, article 9 and article 2, paragraph 1.
It is such a delicate stone. He can't stop nurturing it in his hand.
Kuwait City
Security Council Committee established pursuant
Risk of torture upon return
History of New Mexico
Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories
The existing international antitrafficking instruments aim to harmonize appropriate national acts of legislation; they do not, however, prescribe roles for the increasing number of non-State actors.
7. Notes the ongoing work of the liaison group of the secretariats and officers of the relevant subsidiary bodies of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, and the Convention on Biological Diversity, and encourages cooperation to promote complementarities among the three secretariats while respecting their independent legal status;
Disadvantaged groups of women
Article 8 Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the law, independent of any intervention by administrative organs, social organizations or individuals.
102. Stresses the importance of the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat addressing effectively and in a timely manner any allegations of misconduct against peacekeepers, as well as other allegations against the Secretariat;
Canada's Constitution prohibits, except in exceptional circumstances, the removal of persons to a substantial risk of torture.
Provide advice on ways and means of ensuring that parliaments are fully representative,
Hungary places emphasis on the idea of comprehensive enforcement co-operation in Europe, developing and maintaining appropriate and effective border control and law enforcement efforts in order to detect, deter, prevent and combat criminal activities and irregularities.
Cultural and educational exchanges make up an important part of the new type of strategic partnership between China and Africa.
Yemen
Cash balance
[on the report of the Fifth Committee (A/59/528/Add.1)]
These difficulties may not necessarily render the project impossible, but they do call for some caution.
Every valley shall be filled in, every mountain and hill made low.
Ask yourself, are you fun to work with?
The Council gave due to the situations in Angola, Burundi, the Central African Republic and Somalia and to the peace process between Ethiopia and Eritrea.
8. With projects that engage young people, Pax Romana assists in the formation of broad skill areas such as communications, research and planning, human relations, organization and management, and leadership.
39. It was so decided.
Fictional civil servants
The budget is broadly divided into two parts:
Belarus
30. Underscores the importance of reducing the administrative and procedural burden at the country level in the design and delivery of development assistance, on the entities of the United Nations system and recipient countries in order to optimize the impact of such assistance on the development process of countries;
A very likely downgrade of these insurers’ credit ratings will force banks and financial institutions that hold these risky assets to write them down, adding another $150 billion to the financial system’s mounting losses.
Article 116 of the Labour Code provides for an entitlement to additional leave depending on the length of time people have been in work:
The Committee calls upon the State party to further encourage diversification of the educational choices of boys and girls.
The agricultural lands and forests that have been affected by land degradation during this period are home to approximately one billion people, or 15 per cent of the Earth's population.
Decision of the Council of the International Seabed Authority relating to an environmental management plan for the Clarion-Clipperton Zone
It is chaired by the President.As provided in The Legislative Council Commission Ordinance, the Commission can have not more than 13 members, including the Chairman.
Objective : To evaluate the diagnosis and the treatment of thyroid papillary carcinoma and its complications.
The burglar embraced the cat with the diamonds he stole, and walked through the night town wailing in a loud voice.
24. Article 4, paragraph 1, read in conjunction with articles 1, 2, 3, 5 and 24, needs to be applied in relation to articles 6 to 16 which stipulate that States parties "shall take all appropriate measures".
(b) To improve coherence and coordination, seek opportunities to collaborate and promote partnership with, and avoid duplication among, United Nations entities and other relevant entities working to promote improved environmental governance at the national level and to provide support for existing efforts and initiatives in coordination with the Rule of Law Coordination and Resource Group;
She also said she did not know about reports her family and witnesses to the accident were told not to talk about what happened afterward.
In contrast, the academic gift economy is used by intellectuals who are spread across the world.
It was created in 1994 following a request from the World Trade Organization and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to the Statistical Commission to address the need for data on services to inform negotiations on the General Agreement on Trade in Services.
Following its initial contacts in 2002, we prepared a draft treaty in 2007 and presented it to the Russian and Chinese sides.
Environment Fund expenditure by category
Please book it under the name of Mr.Watson.
Presently there are no comprehensive evaluation criteria or modeling methods that can represent the power supply capability of real urban distribution networks.
Do have another cup of coffee!
4. The objective of this report is to provide Member States with an overview of United Nations system staff medical coverage, a comparison of it with the best practices in non-United Nations entities, and a number of viable options for more effectively controlling the concomitant budgetary outlays without negatively affecting this important element of the overall conditions of service in the United Nations system.
She is by far the better actress.
The highest concentrations were found at the most industrialized site (Windermere Basin, Hamilton Harbour).
After the meeting, other countries showed interest in participating in the work of the Oslo Group.
9. CERD noted the absence of legislative provisions criminalizing acts of violence and incitement to violence on racial grounds and recommended adopting a definition of racial discrimination in line with the Convention.
Note 11
In telecommunications, improvements were made by raising the equity limit to 49 - 70 per cent.
Zetea
Recalling the practice of ethnic hatred that the Ethiopian regime has been doggedly pursuing in the last two and a half years as a matter of official, publicly declared, policy to impart an ugly dimension to the conflict;
Reducing the age of consent is made at the request of the parties entering into marriage.
For example, exchange rate misalignments could wipe out vulnerable sectors of national economies that could not compete, and when exchange rates returned to normal levels, it would be too late to resurrect the sector.
The bases of jurisdiction were territoriality, nationality, passive personality and the protective principle and, last, the universal principle.
54. In addition to this change made to the Code of Judicial Procedure, the SPT understands that another new provision on notification of deprivation of liberty has entered into force.
Globalization
4 June 2002
This procedure can reduce left ventricular volume, increase ejection fraction, and improve left ventricular function.
So the last thing that you want to do is get rid of any of your friends.The study was published in Thursday's New England Journal ofMedicineand funded by the National Institute on Aging.Obesity is a global public health problem.
(b) New applications for consultative status and new requests for reclassification.
244. The implementation of agricultural policy takes into account benefits for the promotion of equal opportunities for all and support for equal representation of women and men.
General Assembly resolutions 66/214, 67/222 and 68/225
Cvt
When the two men came head-to-head for the first time as bosses of rival clubs, it was the Frenchman who came out on top.
The interest rate for WDF was lowered from 24 per cent in year 1994 to 10 per cent in 2000.
The application of this system in the assessment of aquaculture pond water quality by a company had achieved better result.
The first is a special framework agreement between Governments outlining the principles for cooperation.
May I help you?(? ) Yes, I have an appointment with Mr. Aoki. ?
Also, the proportion of girls in higher school grades remained low.
A/55/874/ Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1999
The projected increase is also due to an increased requirement for contingent-owned equipment based on the most recent verification reports, partially offset by a reduced reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment owing to the early repatriation of a contingent unit and anticipated reductions in mission subsistence allowance and travel costs related to the rotation and repatriation of troops;
20. Many interventions stressed the fact that, even if the elaboration of a definition was premature, some key elements appeared as pertinent to describe the concept of autonomy for LAWS, for example the capacity to select and engage a target without human intervention.
4-22 October 2010
The technical group comprises the Prosecutor General of the State of Chihuahua, the Federal SSP, the PGR, the Chihuahua Women's Institute (ICHMujer), the State Social Communication Department, and SEGOB.
The functions for each of the units are outlined in annex II.
Finally, it was necessary to actively promote regional integration and South-South cooperation.
11. The Special Rapporteur on the human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous peoples held a dialogue with the Committee in the morning of 14 August 2009.
The poor devils have been stuck at the airport for three days.
2. The following report supplements the registration data on United States launches as at 30 September 2002.
76. We are committed to preserving our way of life, fighting against obscurantist forces and protecting religious minorities.
Nonetheless, the Covenant permits certain restrictions on these rights.
A red print halter top dress with low-cut back or a silky royal blue-and-purple above-the-knee sheath dress are party-perfect options.
Needless to say, that vote represents an important negative change in the voting pattern of that delegation.
.he allowed his son 10 dollars a month.=he gave his son anallowance of 10 dollars a month.
129. The spread of HIV/AIDS, the large numbers of child soldiers and the rape of women are other consequences of the pervasive armed conflict.
Crime prevention and criminal justice
Invited the appropriate bodies of the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal to consider the waste-related contents of the revised guidelines and guidance and to report any outcome of their doing so to the Secretariat of the Stockholm Convention;
(c) Capacity-building for health-care providers;
Sharia court Ifka Halane purchased the arms
230. At the 45th meeting, on 28 July, at the request of the representative of the United States, the Council voted on draft decision 19, entitled "Human rights and terrorism", recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/2000/23, chap. I, sect. B). The draft decision was adopted by a recorded vote of 23 to 14, with 6 abstentions.
Following further discussion, the self-sustainment sub-working group agreed to that approach and reached consensus on the recommendations set out below.
Mrs. Mariana Bertol Carpanezzi, Special Secretariat of the Presidency of the Republic on Human Rights;
Such unfavourable to people not, then the poor natural conditions, reflect the kind of dedicated entrepreneurship.
97. At the national level, priority areas for action should include:
In view of the complex situation in the Middle East, particular efforts must be made to promote peaceful coexistence and combat extremism; peace could only be achieved once Israel learned to respect the wishes and religious sites of its neighbours.
Counsel responds to the personal attacks by the State party against him and requests the Committee to reject them.
At the same time, as many donors as possible need to be engaged in providing support for Burundi, including through the involvement of and synergy with the Peacebuilding Commission.
The author inherited from his father the neighbouring parcel 2008/3.
So what are the most effective ways to improve your endurance in bed and become a phenomenal lover who can please any woman at will? Plenty!
Had you been here for more than a day.
29. Mr. Kumalo (South Africa) said that his delegation attached great importance to the issue of decolonization and commended the Special Committee on its work in addressing the plight of those who still lived under colonial domination and foreign occupation.
In this context, Australia encourages Member States to implement CBRN export controls, drawing on Australia Group and Nuclear Suppliers Group guidelines.
May I take it that it is the wish of the Assembly to designate Mr. Wolfgang Stöckl (Germany) as Vice-Chairman of the International Civil Service Commission for a four-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2010?
(c) To remain seized of the matter; and
Ratio of the Farming Population
Sixty-seventh session
350. The UNFPA Procurement Services Section agreed with the Board's recommendation to: (a) take steps to ensure that the residual fund balances that arise from interest earned are resolved in a timely manner; and (b) implement procedures to review and resolve long-outstanding fund balances regularly.
Poland
Malawi
So, professor Fredric Jameson regarded the colony's independence as some kind of poisonous gift given by the colonist.
In addition, Korea has no system or practices which restrict the right to establish and join a trade union because of race.
It is a crucial tasks for many universities currently to strengthen continuously the students' skills cultivation before they carry on their jobs .
44. The Special Rapporteur recommends that the Government further explore the potential of agroecological approaches to the modernization of agriculture, with a view to expanding sustainable land management practices in dry lands or land that is threatened by desertification, as encouraged under the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, and to decrease reliance on inputs, such as synthetic fertilizer, that depend on and are affected by the increasingly volatile and high prices of gas and oil prices.
-- New progress has been made in territorial control planning.
Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former
The Group is of the view that in both Séguéla and Tortiya, the two main diamond mining areas located in the north of the country, revenues from the sale of Ivorian rough diamonds will continue to have the potential to be used for the purchase of arms and related materiel in breach of the sanctions regime.
291. Special protection in the event of overtime work (overtime and additional work in the event of natural or other disaster) is enjoyed by certain categories of workers.
In the area of international affairs, UNITAR had continued to organize training programmes at various levels for diplomats accredited to Geneva.
The motorist was most appreciative and very curious. He asked the farmer why he called his horse by the wrong name three times.
The three - dimensional designing model is accomplished by designing software.
She expressed absolute denial that the foregoing sequence had happened.
Nor are Sates autonomous entities as before pursuing self-defined national interests.
While it appreciated the role played by other United Nations organs, such as the Security Council, his delegation recognized that only the General Assembly had the requisite mandate and representative character to carry out the task effectively.
The train always runs on a track.
He urges the state and central government authorities to resolve these issues speedily, transparently and in accordance with the rule of law, so as to enable the people to return to their land and property and begin the process of rebuilding their lives.
New Zealand has no political agenda in the Middle East, and we are not a party to anyone else's agenda.
In both instances, technical assistance programmes should aim to develop a modern and efficient statistical system that will serve effectively the development of national accounts.
Let the debate begin.
347. In November 2007, the Parties to the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal Areas of the South-East Pacific (Lima Convention) adopted resolutions on, inter alia: MCS of marine pollution; marine litter; and conservation of sea turtles.
126. Concerning the outline on "Hierarchy in international law: jus cogens, obligations erga omnes and Article 103 of the Charter of the United Nations, as conflict rules", some delegations concurred in the view that hierarchy of rules in international law did not, on the whole, result in its fragmentation but, on the contrary, constituted an integral part of its strength and unity.
In Upper Nile, UNMISS has repeatedly attempted to visit nine Sudan People's Liberation Movement for Democratic Change political detainees reportedly in SPLA custody, but the SPLA has denied access, stating that the men are not in custody.
These included resolutions on violence against women migrant workers (66/128), improvement of the situation of women in rural areas (66/129), women and political participation (66/130), the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (66/131), women in development (66/216) and the annual resolution calling for the present report (66/132).
Where do you think we are going?
This approach, already commercially successful, is of considerable significance, given the high proportions of households in Europe that are members of consumer-owned wholesale and retail cooperative enterprises.
We/'ve got to report back to the head office.
6. The Organization of American States (OAS) Special Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples, Mr. Julio Prado Vallejo, might be invited to attend the three-day workshop for international experts (members of the Forum; experts from the programmes, funds and agencies of the United Nations system, indigenous peoples' organizations and the indigenous media network, and the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous peoples) with a view to coordination between the international system and the inter-American system.
Administrative Committee for Coordination
279. In countries where customary law prevails alongside codified law, the Committee and other treaty bodies have been consistently concerned about the use of discriminatory customary law and practice, despite laws enacted to protect women from violence.
What problem should we notice in the business the advertisement beautifully?
The Code of Civil Procedure, which replaced the 26 cantonal civil codes, stipulates different types of procedures according to the nature of the dispute and places special emphasis on out-of-court settlements.
B. Agreement relating to the implementation of Part XI of UNCLOS
Welcoming the continued efforts by States to provide humanitarian assistance and technical cooperation to the people of Haiti,
And the attendants are quite obliging.adj willing to help  obliging neighbours  You'll find him most obliging
You may have additional messages that were quarantined before this notification.
 Communication addressed to the Government of Nigeria on 3 October 1995.
According to that interpretation, official documents of international law only recognize the reference to territorial integrity as a principle, not as a right.
(d) Telephone number: 44(0) 20 7979 8020;
Periodic tallies released throughout the day by the Interior Ministry showed Mr. Karroubi narrowly clinging to second place.
(b) Identifying the amount and proportion of the State budget spent on children in the public, private and NGO sectors in order to evaluate the impact of the expenditure and also, in view of the costs, the accessibility, quality and effectiveness of the services provided for children in the various sectors.
Same Day Return Ticket /
And since we men are going to be focused on the flowers, maybe mothers themselves can work on making motherhood less lethal.
She seldom , if ever, reads a book.
United States of America
In that regard, multilateral arrangements should be sought with regard to the field of nuclear fuel lease or takeback, credible supply assurances and the international spent fuel storage options.
Minimum Wage-Fixing Machinery Convention, 1970 (No. 131)
4.3 On 15 October 2009, before the town court of Velikie Luki, the author filed a lawsuit for moral damages against the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation, caused by the publication on the website of the court in Velikie Luki of information concerning his being subjected to criminal prosecution and because a number of procedural actions were conducted after the discontinuation of the criminal case.
Providing appropriate information backstopping for peacekeeping operations was essential for ensuring the safety of staff and the success of missions.
2. The Parties to the Convention, in deciding what information is to be collected and exchanged, should take into account the usefulness of the information and the costs of obtaining it.
Therefore, you'd better draw the route on a map as you're listening to the directions
Second session
Two rural regions
The integration of former Ministry of Interior members into the Kosovo police marked another key accomplishment.
The spokesman for the HA made the above reminder in the light of two recent court cases in which a finance company and an HOS owner were convicted respectively for breaching the restrictions.
My hometown Linze is known as the "Frontier of small Jiangnan" place, where the growth of a variety of fruit trees.
Real gross domestic product (GDP) grew at an impressive 4.8 per cent annual rate (after downward revision) in the first quarter of 2006 at the same time that the pace of inflation, driven by energy prices, approached 4 per cent.
Cellphones and players should therefore always be turned off under these circumstances.
First report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors by the United Nations funds and programmes for the financial period ended 31 December 2001 (A/57/416/Add.1)
The judgement stated that the Council had not proceeded in the most judicious manner, as it should have been for the Council itself to specify, in respect of each candidate, the assessment criteria used, and the weighting factors applying to each of those criteria.
Based on Markowitz' theory of asset portfolio, this paper constructs China's currency structure with factors influencing foreign exchange reserve.
CCW/GGE/V/WG.2/WP.2
Ms. Hampson also suggested that the Norms be sent to national human rights institutions for information and possible monitoring.
7. In the light of the criteria for the selection of projects and other relevant guidelines (annex II), the Advisory Group considered new applications for project grants for 2004 from indigenous communities and organizations and activities to be implemented in 2004 by the High Commissioner in her capacity as Coordinator of the International Decade.
Article 94
4 Background information is contained in documents E/CN.17/1996/18 and Add.1, and E/CN.17/1997/6, annex III.
:: UNMIL, UNDP, Ministry of Justice, Liberian National Police
"Gilead is Mine, Manasseh is Mine; Ephraim also is the helmet of My head; Judah is My scepter
Whenever the bottom of the trunk cracked, he was in a great fright, for if the trunk fell to pieces he would have made a tremendous Somerset over the trees.
Field survey or cadastral information or aerial photographs or satellite imagery or GPS
The mandate has been reviewed every five years as established in General Assembly resolutions 48/218 B, 54/244 and 59/272.
J. World Food Programme
When Amand return to Paris, her Marguerite in a diary given to her.
Last year she acknowledged that this had been a mistake, at least in its timing.
Some have asked if the stock of men could not be improved, --if they could not be bred as cattle.
 8. Before considering any claims contained in a communication, the Committee must decide whether or not it is admissible under article 22 of the Convention.
In that connection, the Sultanate of Oman reaffirms its support for Lebanon's right to restore the remaining Sheba'a farms and the Syrian Arab Republic's right to recover the Syrian Golan, occupied on 4 June 1967.
It is generally accepted in international law that a State is also responsible for acts of persons, if it is established that those persons were in fact acting on behalf of the State.
It was a convoy of about 24 vehicles.
 An important evolution in drilling involves measurement while drilling (MWD), which has largely been responsible for the advances in horizontal drilling.
This model is easy to be built and is suitable to engineering prediction of ratchetting deformation of the titanium alloy.
I would be grateful if you would have the present note verbale and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 40, and of the Security Council.
78. It is in cities that problems relating to too much transport are the most visible.
9. UNDP programming between 1997 and 2001 achieved positive results in the areas of civil protection, governance capacity-building and poverty reduction.
Regional cooperation in the economic, social and related fields (E/2011/SR.11)
7. Expresses its concern at legislation and measures adopted by some States that may restrict the human rights and fundamental freedoms of migrants, and reaffirms that, when exercising their sovereign right to enact and implement migratory and border security measures, States have the duty to comply with their obligations under international law, including international human rights law, in order to ensure full respect for the human rights of migrants;
In this thesis a new technique  named Vibration During  Welding , was given to do that.
No, it's the toasting fork, with Mother's shoe on it instead of the bread.
Lastly, the Court considered that the description of the facts in the Provincial Court's judgement did not warrant the subsumption of those facts under the alleged offences inasmuch as the Court was unable to conclude from the body of evidence that such abuse had actually occurred.
The Mechanism has also appointed a gender and sexual harassment focal point.
Relating closely with the Army's ideological and political education, the paper does an elementary theoretic discussion on this topic.
The debt burden of those countries and of middle-income countries should therefore be alleviated.
Your deeper mind will honor your claim.
33. Calls for the proclamation of Al-Quds as the Islamic Culture Capital and prompts the General Secretariat to develop an information strategy designed to unveil Israeli schemes and violations of Al-Quds Al-Sharif and debunk misinformation campaigns on the city's location and history in some media circles, thereby contributing to raising international public awareness of the need to maintain Al-Quds as a world heritage site and a symbol of peace and coexistence.
Target 2012-2013: 14 improvements
Study of " The Honest Auditing " Based on " The Special Auditing System "
118. Panama also indicated that it would participate in any effort made by the United Nations to draft and urgently adopt an International Convention on Terrorism which standardized concepts, included norms regulating types of police and judicial investigation and cooperation; removed all impediments to investigation in countries or enclaves lacking fiscal transparency and included the obligation to disclose accounts, property and the owners thereof.
The Heads of State or Government stressed the importance of ensuring that the Secretariat meets the highest standards of accountability, transparency, integrity and ethical conduct.
(e) Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy (continued) (A/63/256)
410. In paragraph 77, UNFPA agreed with the Board's recommendation to: (i) formalize the system change management procedure by standardizing change request forms and communication and to provide clearly dedicated responsibility for managing change requests from divisions, departments, countries and regional offices; and (ii) ensure the user acceptance testing process is properly documented and included in the central server for easy reference.
This included the ISU visiting or commissioning visits to nine such States Parties.
Over time, however, the world will assuredly see greater inflationary momentum in the prices of specific goods and services.
9. Consequent upon the decision of the Working Group declaring the detention of the above-mentioned persons to be arbitrary, the Working Group requests the Government of Egypt to take the necessary steps to remedy the situation in order to bring it into conformity with the provisions and principles incorporated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Enterprises registered under this system enjoy the following trade, tax and customs advantages:
The frameworks are organized according to operations and support components, which are derived from the mandate of the Force.
With a view to enabling its personnel to read and interpret the statistics in light of the gender dimension, it has also created an instrument that facilitates the reading of the statistics.
Chinese Medicines Council
Women had been able to derive benefit from the schemes since they had a solid reputation for repayment of loans.
Africa
In communications, ? equipment ? and techniques used to match circuits to each other  ensuring   minimum  transmission impairment.
PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND ANNOTATIONS, INCLUDING SUGGESTIONS FOR THE ORGANIZATION OF WORK
The same term , the granule expect that the basis heats up also corresponding molding production line formation.
34. For many years, the detail produced for statistics of international trade in services was practically equivalent to the detail recommended for statistics on trade in services in the current account of the Balance of Payments.
26. Romania will continue to protect against and prevent discrimination in all its forms, both in law and in practice.
Rather, they want the IPU to mobilize expertise, which exists in parliamentary standing and select committees, and to work on issues on the international agenda.
In considering new threats, one should not lose sight of the fact that the doctrine of pre-emptive attack; the lowering of the threshold of the possibility of the use of nuclear weapons; the development of new mini-nuclear weapons; the establishment of exclusive groupings parallel to the United Nations; and the proliferation of the unilateral and lawless use of force, with or without justification -- as noted by the Secretary-General in his statement to the General Assembly -- are among the most dangerous new threats to international peace and security.
Only one of the three other passengers in the car was slightly injured.
Assistant protocol officer/administration
Hesdin
The Government shall educate those close family relatives or other guardians who have abandoned persons with disabilities to carry out their duty to bring them up.
Like many small island States vulnerable to the negative impacts of climate change, Malta is conscious of the enormity of the challenges that lie ahead.
If we do that, we wont need so many workers, we will need to give some the sack.
Forthcoming official meetings
Organizational session, 17 May 2006
In this connection, will the Government inform this Council whether, apart from keeping up its efforts to promote EatSmart in schools, it will, following the practice in the United Kingdom, restrict the broadcast of junk food TV advertisements during children's programmes or family viewing time, and regulate the contents of such advertisements, so as to reduce children's access to information about such food, thereby promoting the development of healthy eating habits among children from childhood; if not, of the reasons for that?
In line with its decision made after the preparation of the report of the drafting group (see para. 225), the Working Group decided that draft articles 1 (5) and 3 (2) and (3) should be deleted.
we have received the sample your company delivered last sundy.
1. The item entitled "Israeli nuclear armament" was included in the provisional agenda of the forty-eighth session in accordance with General Assembly resolution 47/55 of 9 December 1992.
Mr. EL MASRY (Egypt) said that he had no objection to the inclusion of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes.
Hold your fire. There's no life forms.
Anyone breaks the regulation will be punished.
You can enjoy a night in front of the fireplace after the violinist leaves.
As to the truth embodied in them, in part it cannot be helped, it is as it should be, that the law is behind the times.
19th meeting
Impact assessment and adaptation were new capacity-building areas for EIT countries in 2007 - 2011;
The Commissioner may do all such things as are necessary for, or incidental or conducive to, the better performance of his functions and in particular but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, may-
According to the Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, lack of power is a universal and basic characteristic of poverty.
160. In addition, the Plan establishes a National Program for Adaptive Technology (Programa Nacional de Tecnologia Assistiva), through which $ 60 million in credit lines will be available in the form of non-reimbursable funds in the period 2012-2014 to fund projects submitted by consortia of universities or other Science and Technology Institutions, as well as companies engaged in the adaptive technology (AT) field, and R$ 90 million in subsidized credit, at an interest of 4% per year between 2012 and 2014, for innovation projects undertaken by firms in the AT sector.
Megalurus
Members of this association have taken training on gender equality in programming for agricultural development.
Documentation
5. The principle of irreversibility to apply to nuclear disarmament, nuclear and other related arms control and reduction measures.
Figure I Source: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, annual report questionnaire.
2. Environmental management systems
Fifty-fifth session
A revised text of the 300-series of staff rules has now been completed for submission to the General Assembly at its forty-eighth session.
China – which is acutely aware of its severe environmental problems – understands the socioeconomic boon that investment in renewable energies can provide.
There is not any technique to affect a radical cure at present.Moreover no any antiviral medicine can get directly to the ganglion which the virus shelter and annihilate the virus.
Minimum squared error algorithm is one of the classical pattern recognition and regression analysis methods whose objective is to minimize the squared error summation between the output of linear function and the desired output.
(d) Rapidly deploying human rights observers and fact-finding missions in crisis situations, at the specific request of an affected country or as mandated by United Nations policymaking bodies;
Membership in professional associations
1 economies of scale 2 homogeneity 3 cater to the need of 4 barrier 5 trade liberalisation 6 multinational enterprises 7 dominate 8 capital intensive industries 10 movement of capita
There is an inherent link between the two, and both have an impact on the life of individuals, who are part of the universal system.
You come to this country, take advantage of it and think because we are tolerant, we are weak and helpless.
Can we will catch locust in the river bank and use hair hair grass to string together and take to go home to feed a chicken.
Objective of the Organization: To promote and support the efforts for nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation in all its aspects, and to assist Member States, at their request, in supporting existing treaties related to weapons of mass destruction.
China
Further reaffirming the need for both parties to fulfil all their obligations under international humanitarian, human rights and refugee law,
In addition to issuing supplementary decisions, the Government of the Republic of Slovenia in 2009 drafted the Act Amending the Act Regulating the Legal Status of Citizens of Former Yugoslavia Living in the Republic of Slovenia, which eliminates the identified non-compliance with the Constitution of the Republic of Slovenia.
Most reporting Parties indicated that they intend to include climate change planning in future social, economic and environmental considerations.
Disneyland is in Los Angeles suburb.
Both laws are intended to improve the protection of two particularly vulnerable social sectors who frequently fall victim to discrimination, abuse or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
Needless to mention, such challenges have heightened threats to world stability and international peace and security.
 40. His delegation shared the view that the Commission on Sustainable Development of the Economic and Social Council would continue to be the primary source of review, encouragement and support at the international level for the implementation of Agenda 21.
The house was handsome and handsomely fitted up.
Presidency of the Security Council
Evaluations of the UNDP contribution to South-South cooperation in 2007 and 2013 revealed that, although activities supported by the United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation had made a significant contribution to such cooperation, their impact was lessened by the large number of initiatives in which it was involved.
The New Testament consists of early Christian literature.
It has been studied for determination of manganese in ferrophosphorus by spectrophotometry.
2. Mr. Pal (India) stressed that the crime of terrorism had taken on a global dimension.
However, after the dosage of Talc exceeded 10 phr, the elongation at break of blends reduced dramatically.
Our country has a bountiful supply of food.
23. The State recognized the integral relationship between poverty and disability and provided social grants to vulnerable groups.
Once adopted by the General Assembly, the declaration will become a guideline for the national and international activities related to indigenous people.
International Confederation of Free Trade Unions
30. Taken together, the achievements of the past few decades show that progress in overcoming the obstacles that prevent men and women of all ages, social classes, races and nationalities from living together in dignity depends directly on an active undertaking by the Government and society to protect and promote basic rights.
This twin approach is the only means of achieving the environment necessary for national reconciliation and sustainable peace.
Still, over the past 30 years, China has studied the U.S. economic model and cherry-picked elements to introduce little by little.
Tiberinus
The low risk is due to the high dilution of the contaminant, first discovered in some pet food in the United States.
These included two bunkers, one of which contained hundreds of 122-mm artillery rockets that had been filled with the nerve agent sarin in the 1980s, that could now have been degraded.
This conclusion remains applicable, as neither author has indicated how public funding violates any of their Covenant rights.
58. The Advisory Committee is impressed with the extensive training programme planned for the next budget period and with the number of personnel who will participate in the training.
They are on the track of the man who appointed the meeting with him.
See 140.2, 140.65.
Whether mirror neurons are directly involved in this skill is not known, but clearly some analogous process must be going on.
It's actually been a lot of fun getting to meet the new team and coaches, working a lot with Rick Carlisle and the coaching staff.
The Committee also regrets the detention for unspecified periods of persons who are going to be deported (arts. 9 and 10).
But where those good old West Virginia boys could only see an emotional disconnect with traces of sociopathic tendencies, I saw a Machiavellian streak that would make failure an impossibility.
Truck Drivers Crossing at Land Boundary Control Points
I I... I don't know, I don't know how it happened. I just I made a mistake, I made a mistake, and this is my fault.
States in assisting further development of developing countries and ldcs.
25. The Committee welcomes a number of positive developments in the reporting period, including:
Likewise, the level of respiratory health problems is increased owing to gas emissions.
International drug control: report of the Third Committee (A/54/597) [108]
Of course. . . I've also attached two reference letters from my senior management who can confirm my itinerary.
The truth is, however, that he had, one day, been robbed of an old pair of boots, to the great triumph of Ma'am Bougon.
Then, during the Astana summit we adopted the Concept on regional security cooperation.
42. At 0230 hours, an armed terrorist group burnt ballot boxes in a school in east Bahrah.
We\'re having some people over for a meal
While appreciating the objectives of the draft resolution, my delegation, due to its particular concerns and considerations, could not support the draft and therefore cast an abstention vote.
The Secretary-General will, however, still have the discretionary authority to reject unanimous recommendations of the Board, should he find that it is in the interest of the Organization to do so.
10. Adoption of the report of the High-level Committee on its nineteenth session.
Pursuant to a February 1994 decision of the Prime Minister, the Council was reorganized in order to consolidate and expand its work and affirm its national role.
45. As already signalled, the skills drain bears upon the right to the highest attainable standard of health in both countries of origin and destination.
Yet health expenditure tends to favour the rich.
That's tragic, and I hope we consider schooling and jobs every bit as important as our multibillion-dollar surge in Afghanistan.
For single old-age pensioner EUR 630.92
Bonn, 1 - 11 June 2010
Responding to an inquiry from the High Commissioner in 1995, the United Nations human rights treaty bodies expressed interest in offering to States concrete suggestions on the implementation of the obligations assumed by them in connection with human rights education and awareness-raising.
In his hearty way, he insisted upon her good looks. He looked at her admiringly, and she took it at its full value
P. Nyiramasuhuko
(d) The need for Parties to obtain mercuryfree alternatives that are globally accessible as well as economically and technically feasible.
More than 30 participants have discussed issues of geographical naming, especially of maritime features, as part of presentations and panel discussions.
Two years ago, he and his team built a carnival-like traveling exhibit called the Math Midway, a proof-of-concept for the coming museum.
I'm gonna call my father, ask him to exert some pressure.
World Conservation Monitoring Centre (WCMC);
Implementation of the Headquarters Agreement;
Juye Incident
I watched you win those two championships at gilmore.
The whip swished through the air.
The humanitarian crisis is evidenced primarily by high levels of poverty, deteriorating health conditions, the displacement of an increasing number of Palestinians following the destruction of their homes and the disruption of educational programmes and the increasing exhaustion of the capacity of the Palestinian population to sustain itself in the face of the continuous decline in economic and social conditions since September 2000.
Then he remembered his long-buried past of yesterday.
There was less clarity in the discussion about who should be involved, on all sides of this tripartite coalition.
But that is the tip of the iceberg compared to the great crime against humanity committed by Japan in the past, including the massacre of 1 million Korean people, forced labour of 8.4 million Koreans and sexual slavery of 200,000 Korean women for the Japanese army.
Secure rights to land are simply a prerequisite of development.
90. The Hudood Ordinances apply to all citizens of Pakistan.
Discussions were under way in Congress on measures to compensate particular groups, including women, for the negative impact of the Agreement.
To recognize this fact, however, is not to counsel inaction, indecision, or despair.
I've got a question about these condoms.
Whenever I travel, I go out of my way to meet these brave and committed men and women.
The CISG was therefore applicable to the contract by reason of its article 1 (1) (a), since both parties had their places of business in different contracting States.
The conclusions of the sociological survey are further used when planning the measures aimed at eliminating the stereotypes.
Following the January 2010 earthquake, the Secretary-General requested the Special Envoy to take on a coordination role in the relief and reconstruction efforts.
While most ESCWA member countries realize the importance of conducting training programmes aimed at enhancing and upgrading the skills of the concerned personnel, few have initiated such programmes owing to existing financial constraints.
Mr. Opertti (Uruguay) (spoke in Spanish): The profound and dizzying change that took place in the world during the last decade, with the end of the cold war and the acceleration of the process of globalization, did not bring with it the ideal international society for which we had hoped, and world peace now seems as elusive as ever.
Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties
14. The question of whether meetings of the Commission should be open or closed attracted controversy in the early years of the Authority.
This is a fundamental condition to understand our analysis in our study of feasibility of this project.
- Member of the Tunisian delegation to the United Nations General Assembly (1966) (1990)
In this respect, the Board has appointed a special working committee of its members, tasked specifically with mobilizing support from the authorities in their respective subregions, including the fulfilment of their financial obligations, such as the outstanding arrears due to the Institute.
On 3 April 2014, the European Union signed a transfer agreement with the United Republic of Tanzania aimed at increasing regional support for prosecuting piracy.
Redeployments 55. The redeployments proposed for Base Support Services from within UNLB are set out in the table below.
In formulating integrated peace-building strategies, the PBC invited the participation of representatives of all parties to hear a wide range of views.
(spoke in Arabic)
IV. Secretariat of the Conference
"As a parent, you want to hide," said Kathy Midgley, 48, of Berkeley Heights, N.J., who was there to watch her 8-year-old son compete.
Repent of this wickedness and pray to the Lord. Perhaps he will forgive you for having such a thought in your heart.
With the rapid development of the Virtual Reality technology and the imagine manipulation capacity of the computer it has become possible to apply the Virtual Reality technology into manufacturing fields.
20.87 The subprogramme will focus on strengthening the analytical understanding and technical capacity of ECLAC member States in the subregion and promoting cooperation among them in regard to the formulation of strategies and public policies in the areas of poverty reduction and economic and productive development, including the agricultural sector, trade and integration, sustainable energy options and disaster evaluation and risk management.
I talked him out of working for his boss, after he fulfilled the contract with his last company.
Health outcomes also affect the delivery of education services, as seen in the case of the HIV/AIDS pandemic decimating the teaching force.
45. The draft outcome document of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixty-fourth session of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals (64/299, annex), is encouraging in that it particularly notes that policies and actions must include all, especially those that are still invisible, so that they may benefit from progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
305. The new Family Code facilitates access to divorce by eliminating the condition for duration of the marriage for a divorce by mutual consent.
Many currently reside in Jordan.
Their world is all dark forever, their standing alone and lonesome have again how many persons can comprehend?
Indicators of size of the organizations at Vienna, 2000-2001
If you say so. You've got it.
The hope would be: by 2010, we will reach the goal of over 85% HIV/AIDS awareness in urban areas and 75% in rural areas; the coverage of intervention into high risk group including injected drug users(IDU) will reach 90%; and 70,000 people will get antiretroviral therapy.
Subsumed under programme 1 are elements that formerly constituted subprogrammes 1.1, Good offices, preventive diplomacy and peacemaking, and 1.3, Research, collection and analysis of information, of programme 1, Good offices, preventive diplomacy, peacemaking, peacekeeping, research and the collection and analysis of information; programmes 2, Political and Security Council affairs; 4, Special political questions, trusteeship and decolonization; and 5, Question of Palestine, of the medium-term plan for the period 1992-1997, as revised (A/47/6/Rev.1).
The walls were painted a pale green.
Eco-Tour Centre
In exercising its authority over the CDM, the CMP shall review these annual reports, provide guidance and take decisions, as appropriate.
In medium or small production enterprise, with practical technology, raising product innovation design ability and management level has important meaning.
Firth's first Oscar now appears closer than ever.
Sorry about that. I checked what the exchange rates are today.
Experimental results show that this algorithm can be automatically and effectively applied for the multi-threshold segmentation.
55. The Gender Issues Unit contributes to expected accomplishments 2.1 and 3.1 and supports the outputs in framework components 2 and 3.
Eastern and Southern Africa
Recalling also its resolution 52/194 of 18 December 1997, in which it emphasized the role of microcredit and microfinance as an important anti-poverty tool that promotes asset creation, employment and economic security and empowers people living in poverty, especially women,
31. Mr. Lamdan (Israel) said that Israel had joined the consensus on draft resolution A/C.4/54/L.20, and stressed that earlier Israel had joined the consensus on the draft resolution on a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East, which had been considered in the First Committee.
Responsibility for prosecutions
He plays excellent piano
Nuvoton
Learning of this book, you will have a CORBA preliminary understanding, to be able to prepare and complete a simple CORBA application.
:: The Yemeni Government is considering a bill that criminalizes incitement to commit a terrorist act or acts and is in the process of completing the legal procedures for its enactment.
The preliminary inventory is available in document UNEP/POPS/COP.3/INF/15.
The first specific work programme is on the verification of shop scales, currently under implementation; the next one will be on the verification of the gross and net volume of pre-packaged goods.
28. UNMIK has deployed 6 of its 10 authorized special police units: 2 from India, 2 from Jordan, 1 from Pakistan and 1 from Spain.
In addition, several comments touched on the importance of strengthening the Office's institutional memory, including through strengthening the role of permanent staff, with the understanding that those staff must be accountable to the entire General Assembly.
The Committee continued its second stage of work, namely the "Thematic discussion on item subjects and introduction and consideration of all draft resolutions under agenda items 86 to 103", and heard statements on conventional weapons.
18. Dr. Yao also reported on a UNFPA project that aims to reduce the cases of obstructed labour by identifying at-risk pregnant women early on and ensuring that they are brought to the hospital well before they go into labour.
Expected accomplishment 4.4: progress towards bringing perpetrators of sexual violence to justice and improving assistance to the victims
Article 23 Statistics institutions and statisticians shall have the power: (1) to require units or persons concerned to provide truthful statistical data in accordance with State regulations; (2) to checked the accuracy of statistical data and to ask for correction of inaccurate statistical data; and (3) to expose and report any violations of law committed in statistical investigation.
60. The Special Rapporteur has also received a number of allegations of so—called “hostage” arrests, in which the police have detained relatives or family members of persons being sought by the police.
4. Iran (Islamic Republic of)
The State party should consider relinquishing the use of electro-muscular disruption devices to restrain persons in custody, as this leads to breaches of the Convention.
Opening of the session: statements by the President of the Executive Board and the Executive Director of UNICEF
Montenegro is determined to prevent the recurrence of such a European and international tragedy and has thus made a clear and unequivocal commitment to peace, security and democracy.
someone think that Regal has been exposed to a certain degree of wealth, at least will be targeted tax authorities!
Facsimile: (+43-1) 26060 73342
Some indigenous representatives proposed that the Working Group explore the possibility of producing annual regional reports on indigenous peoples' situations, involving indigenous researchers in their preparation.
Mr. Vinaye Dey Ancharaz, Principal Research Economist, Development Research Department, African Development Bank, Tunis-Belvedère, Tunisia
It also recommended that land and soil resources be conserved and protected through land use and spatial planning which promotes sustainable development in rural and urban areas, as well as through measures such as sustainable agricultural practices, establishment of perennial vegetation land cover, agroforestry, ecoagriculture and diversification and reduced tillage, and that capacity-building be promoted in developing countries for these purposes.
She tried to cover up her nervousness as she waited for the interview.
It was noted that top-down modelling is not easily understood by policymakers and that better understanding of the basic science of climate change among policymakers should be promoted.
A participant who has achieved a minimum of 60 per cent course attendance each month is eligible for a training allowance of MOP 80 per day, but not exceeding a total of MOP 1,800 per month.
It called on the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), as the lead agency for this programme element, to expedite the development of a definition of low forest cover as contained in IPF’s proposals for action.
74. The recommendation concerning term limits was not a minor adjustment, but an attempt to revise article 5 of the statute of the Commission, which would certainly weaken it.
The Community and its member States also stated that the relevant terms and conditions for boarding and inspection should be further elaborated in accordance with the relevant principles of international law in the framework of the appropriate regional and subregional fisheries management organizations and arrangements.
b/ The Economic and Social Council, by its decision 1989/106, decided to refer the application of the International Centre of Legal Science (Law World Organization), which had been recommended for category I status back to the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations for further consideration at its 1991 session.
In its development cooperation, Switzerland supports actions of prevention of violence against women forming part of various bilateral projects (e.g. with Mozambique, Russia and Tajikistan) as well as of several humanitarian aid projects.
The barium in the sample mainly exists as BaAl 2 O 4 except few BaCO 3 phase.
Therefore, education is an effective means leading to equality, freedom and quality of life.
Reaction to the cover underscored a cultural rift between traditional childrearing and what some have deemed "extreme parenting. "
Most affiliate programs have zero tolerance for spamming and will remove an affiliate spammer without warning.
It was suggested that that could be done through clear policies or even a platform established with buy-in from all countries.
The draft resolution was adopted (resolution 65/245).
Occupied Palestinian Territory
The events of last November have exacted yet a heavy toll on the economy: 30 per cent of small and medium enterprises have been destroyed or severely damaged or closed down, entailing some 30,000 job losses.
The lower output resulted from the termination of the national disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes and the application of a violence reduction approach instead of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration approach for the remaining former combatants
Though it was not deadly disease, it was hard for him to recover.
"I've seen numerous house fires, " village Fire Department Capt. Jim Lyssy said, "but nothing as unique as this one.
(c) Take steps to train the armed forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (including in international humanitarian law and human rights), control them and instil discipline in them; give them the means to put a stop to the violence, by urging foreign militia to return to their countries, encouraging Congolese refugees, regardless of their ethnic origin, to return home, taking control of all the country's borders and restoring law and order to areas where it has broken down and where human beings are used as slaves by those looting the country's natural resources, arms-traffickers and bandits of all descriptions;
We are ready to develop friendly China-Japan relations from generation to generation on the basis of facing up to the future and drawing lessons from history.
The new era had begun.
Finally, KNPC further revised downward the valuations of lost inventory items to reflect the age of the lost inventory items on 2 August 1990 and the average length of time over which the item would have been replaced in a no-invasion scenario.
This chapter from how to limit the abuse of market dominant position of public enterprises to start talking about a few points to improve the anti-monopoly legislation.
In 2010, the number of South-South migrants was about 73 million, slightly fewer than the 74 million South-North migrants.
This article explained the application range and main contents of the palliative care. Some thoughts and factors which influence the palliative care in China were also included.
Voluntary United Nations contributions
The Insurance Advisory Committee ("Committee") is established under section 54 of the
The Great Jamahiriya also signed the Additional Protocol on 10 March 2004 and requested IAEA to act as if it had been in force as of 29 December 2003.
Montreal, 28 November to 6 December 2005
Neither official was able to provide the Special Rapporteur with a definitive date for the hearing. Prior to the finalization of the current report, the Special Rapporteur received photographs that appeared on 24 July 1996 in the respected daily newspaper Dawn and two Sindhi language daily newspapers. Three photographs show several detainees, blindfolded with their own shirts, in bar fetters, cross fetters and link fetters in Hyderabad Central Jail.
Subprogramme 3. Statistics
Addressing them would require that those linkages be recognized and that holistic and integrated approaches be adopted to increase the resilience of socio-economic systems.
The counsel also points out that the medical reports submitted are the result of emergency assistance.
Nora tended to be impulsive and sometimes reckless.
18. The independent expert notes with satisfaction the undertaking of the Minister of Justice to revive the human rights unit in the Ministry.
She knit me a pair of socks.
Procedure related complications included ureteral perforation in one patient and hemorrhage requiring emergent nephrectomy in another patient.
Head of State H.E. _
With the assistance of UNDP, his Government had adopted a human-rights action plan which envisaged concerted action for the purpose of improving the legal framework, strengthening democratic institutions and increasing public awareness.
Noda Station
Namibia calls for the implementation of all resolutions of the General Assembly calling for the lifting of the blockade.
Reduced malaria incidence due to reduced mosquito breeding as a result of improved water management
Total
Report of the Secretary-General on developments in Guinea-Bissau and on the activities of the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office in that country (S/2008/628)
Consul General Xu said, China-U. S. relations are currently at an important stage of development.
She threw a bone at the dog.
Total
93.8. Ratify at the earliest the Second Optional Protocol to International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights as well as Protocol No. 13 to the European Convention on Human Rights concerning the abolition of the death penalty (Belgium); 93.9.
On 11 February, the Secretary-General provided a tour d’horizon to Council members in informal consultations, in which he focused mainly on issues of peace and security in Africa, including Sierra Leone, Congo-Brazzaville, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Central African Republic, and also addressed the crisis in Kosovo.
Recalling its relevant resolutions, including resolutions 2443 (XXIII) of 19 December 1968 and 60/104 of 8 December 2005, and the relevant resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights and the Human Rights Council,
You really are despicable Frolg.
Many new words and phrases have been included in the revised edition.
Is the world prepared to deal effectively with chemical terrorism if and when it is confronted with it?
The Special Representative calls upon Member States to seek alternatives to prosecution and detention for children, consistent with international juvenile justice standards.
Downsizing of posts of the Office of the Prosecutor and support to staff for career transition
The ownership equity of a corporation is usually called stockholders equity.
My Government takes this opportunity to ask the Security Council to demand from Rwanda:
Suggestions were made that there should be a specific mechanism established to measure the degree of satisfaction of Member States on programme performance and that relevant resolutions adopted by United Nations organs should be utilized in measuring the achievement of objectives.
A Zambian importer wrote us enquiring about the possibility of our exporting laths in large quantities.
Subsequent reporting exercises will yield time-series data and generate a corresponding capacity to monitor and analyse year-on-year trends.
There is good chemistry between us.
9. Beyond the relevance of their specific characteristics, the three themes were also selected to highlight and examine the interconnected nature of these issues.
The review of the Republic of the Marshall Islands was held at the 10th meeting, on 5 November 2010.
Guided by the spirit of Obi-Wan, Luke held Vader off, and even managed to sever the Dark Lord's mechanical arm.
For the present we are made a general checkup.
13.8 The requirements of ITC expressed at 2006-2007 rates are estimated at SwF 68,782,100 for the biennium 2008-2009.
Is Liangzhu Culture 's Remaining Splendor Sparkling in Sanxingdui Culture ?
(v) Notification of foreign creditors -- Model Law article 14
11 March 2004
As to its legal basis and theoretical basis, controversies exist in practice.
The total includes the net emissions and removals of the European Union but does not include those of the individual member States in order to avoid double counting.
Paternal/maternal grandfather's birth certificate;
Human Rights Council, Forum on Minority Issues
The wind choppedabout and the little boat nearly sank.
115. Current efforts to enhance the effectiveness of the international legal framework relating to maritime security have focused on increasing participation in relevant international instruments, developing the legal framework to implement and enforce those instruments at all levels, elaborating additional international rules and regulations relating to maritime security, and strengthening the capacity of States.
Subprogramme 7
Humane care work to infiltrate the works even more realistic side of the new extension and enrichment of the new.
I calling to ti's possible for you to meet me sometime tomorrow morning.
4. All peoples and individuals have a human right to participate in sustainable development and the implementation of policies to mitigate and adapt to environmental destruction, especially climate change, and free and meaningful participation in the development and implementation of such mitigation and adaptation policies.
No   you just need to believe.
Reiterating its firm commitment to support the Government of Afghanistan in its efforts to advance the peace and reconciliation process, in line with the Kabul Communiqué and the Bonn Conference Conclusions, and within the framework of the Afghan Constitution and application of the procedures introduced by the Security Council in its resolutions 1988 (2011) and 2082 (2012), as well as other relevant resolutions of the Council,
(It is probable that inflation will increase.) Inflation may / will possibly / might / could increase.
"I was never especially interested in the food and beverage business. I just went where there was money to be made, " he says candidly.
Think About the Perplexity of the Application of Law of the Medical Treatment Damages
The lucky symbols of the 2008 beijing olympic are beibei,jingjing,huanhuan ,yingying.nini
The occupying forces were intent on driving out the inhabitants of the southern villages in order to put pressure on the Lebanese Government and force it to confront the serious problem of migrants which would result.
Overseas Territory Governments need, and are entitled to, clear guidance as to which aspects of their offshore financial industries are likely to continue to be able to flourish, and which may be subject to change.
(40) The Committee recommends that the State party:
We call on partners among Member States and representatives of civil society to take stock of these aspects of the issue so as to make the Human Rights Council truly effective and productive.
Most detainees who gained access to a consul were only allowed such access several days after they had originally been detained and requested access.
The present report contains the proposed budget of the Force for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $43,009,000 gross ($41,269,700 net).
The Mission has three sector headquarters: Sector East, Central and Sector West.
The combined impact of rapid urbanization and globalization brings about irreversible changes in production and consumption patterns. These changes include the way we use land, water and energy, which are also required for the production and transportation of food.
Select phone model from list.
The PRESIDENT (translated from Russian): I thank the distinguished representative of Cuba for his statement and for the kind words addressed to the Chair.
22. Like other economic sectors, transport, including international shipping, faces a dual challenge in relation to climate change: cutting GHG emissions and building its resilience in the face of negative impacts of the already committed GHG-emission reduction and irreversible climate change.
Financial markets can be fragile, and they provide little capacity for sharing risk related to labor income, which constitutes the largest part of income in any advanced economy.
51. The Chair drew attention to draft amendment A/C.3/68/L.72 to draft resolution A/C.3/68/L.41, and noted that the amendment had no programme budget implications.
Regrettably, the IAEA has once again shown its prejudice and has taken an unfair position by urging the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to implement the relevant resolutions of the Security Council and return to talks without preconditions.
2007-07-22 13:49 Good morning everyone, Im going to tell you about a typical of Australia breakfast this morning
His delegation also supported the Israeli people's right to live in peace and security beside a sovereign and independent Palestinian State.
The complex array of technologies involved in using GIS requires electrical power.
Countries generally believed that the strategies should put the implementation of the 2008 SNA within the broader context of the development of economic statistics.
The housing, credit and financial crises have badly bruised the economy and sharply slowed its growth.
We talked of 3bn new customers without realising that many of these people would also become competitors.
Note by the Secretariat
In order to measure the prevalence and impact of HIV/AIDS, the State Party has undertaken several surveys in the period under report, of particular importance being the 2011-2012 Tanzania HIV and Malaria Indicator Survey (THMIS) and the 2010 TDHS.
55. Her Government carefully considered all proposals for constitutional change received from the Territories.
She went far into the forest. Then she saw a little hut. She opened the door of the hut, and went in.
TaBleware suitaBle for the microwave oven can resist heat and Be hard wearing.
Which all the rest of the County, Gerald was on terms of arnity and some intimacy
PART I. INTRODUCTION
If the family had sought help in a timely way, it would have been possible to provide treatment that would have, in some measure, helped to develop and reinforce the girl's social skills and emotional competence as protective factors against sexual and other forms of abuse, and to diminish the negative effects of the violence experienced, and would have also permitted the therapeutic monitoring of suicidal thoughts.
But, honey, you know it would be good if you had somebody come.
The General Assembly,
Mr. Declan O'Donovan (Ireland)
It had also blocked the sale of two luxury yachts to an Austrian company under the suspicion that they were destined for a buyer in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
It requires restraint when restraint is most difficult.
186. Also at the same meeting, the representative of the United States of America made a statement in explanation of vote before the vote.
"Recognizing the imperative of addressing the democratic deficit in the international financial institutions, particularly the Bretton Woods institutions,
I promise to keep your memory with us forever.
Internet
2. UN-Habitat assists selected countries in implementing policies, strategies and programmes designed to increase provision and sustainable access to safe drinking water, basic sanitation and related infrastructure through provision of necessary technical assistance and pilot projects
The following paragraphs provide a summary of the progress made to date and planned activities related to the infrastructure management programme by the staff of the Infrastructure Management Service within the Office of Information and Communications Technology and/or staff in units throughout the Secretariat.
According to the Secretary-General, the upward reclassification would allow for the recruitment of a senior officer of a higher military rank than the rank equivalent to the current D-1 post and would align the level of the Force Commander with similar positions in other comparable peacekeeping missions (A/66/686, para. 18).
He gives all his attention to making money.
Organizing seminars/workshops for parliamentarians in each country with the assistance of the secretariat of the UNCCD and regional meetings of parliamentarians to monitor implementation of the action programmes to combat desertification;
7094th meeting, held on 13 January 2014.
 Antarctica demands a strong United Nations presence.
I ain't never been worth a nothing in this life, but I want you to know something.
Sixth Committee
The national security and rule of law institutions have disintegrated.
But It'succumbed in the 18 th and 19 th centuries to economic stagnation, foreign and outright conquest.
The charge came from Moses as he transferred leadership to Joshua, who would lead God's people into the promised land.
We must see to it that the United Nations strengthens its positive aspects.
And Joseph said unto them, That is it that I spake unto you, saying, Ye are spies
So the correct carbon steel forging temperature range does not include industrial pure iron.
It's also not certain if he is able to do this in to chronical knee problems.
Tilichiki
Everybody recalls that our delegation warned of this situation at the previous session of the General Assembly.
Between 2-3 yearsb
(ii) In matters concerning property or ownership of real estate and the rights deriving these from them, except when the dispute relates to registered land or right of acquisition or when there was a transfer by a method established by law;
According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, drugs have been eliminated in 80 per cent of the area of the forest keeper families, covering 2 million hectares.
Those services were provided free of charge, says Ms Chen, but they helped build relationships and gave her an in-depth knowledge of the companies.
In similar letters, he had invited Algeria and Mauritania to attend the Manhasset meeting as neighbouring countries.
This fact adversely affects the normal functioning of the Permanent Mission of Cuba to the United Nations and infringes the legal obligation of the United States Government, as host country of the Headquarters of the United Nations Organization, to ensure the normal functioning of the diplomatic missions accredited to that international organ.
The Acting President: I now give the floor to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, His Excellency Mr. Ban Ki-moon.
The second part, deep studied realistic background producing gaudy art on the age, culture, psychology and other levels.
By the end of 1995, the Hope Project had raised 690 million yuan, given financial assistance to 1.25 million children for continuing primary education and subsidized construction of over 2,000 Hope Project primary schools.
8. Invites States to investigate the possibility of mercenary involvement whenever and wherever criminal acts of a terrorist nature occur;
Dubai, 4 - 6 February 2006
The study provided a detailed account of the challenges faced in undertaking objective and results-oriented assessment of the progress and impact evaluation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
So, eventually we have found ourselves in a totally marginalized position, way over here.
II. The principles of humanity, neutrality and impartiality
At a public meeting on 26 October the Council heard statements by the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) concerning Al-Qaida and the Taliban and associated individuals and entities, the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism, and the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) on the respective activities and programmes of work of those Committees.
A foundling found in Yemen shall be considered to have been born in Yemen unless evidence to the contrary is established.
It has several committees, including: (i) a committee on literacy; (ii) a committee on health; (iii) a committee on poverty reduction; (iv) a committee on the creation of income-generating activities; (v) a committee on agriculture and environment; (vi) a committee on the interior regions.
3. Office of the Director-General, United Nations Office at Vienna
India had also taken that opportunity to conduct an in-depth review of the results of its own implementation of the goals of the International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD).
Grotius' concern with the cruelties of war is reflected in his lament that:
Can Fujian read ideal 587 minutes  move  free major?
Already, during this season, around 16% of the corporate box seats have remained unsold.
"(a) The Administrator shall arrange for the collection from host Governments of their contributions in cash and/or in kind towards the costs of UNDP country offices, in accordance with the agreements between the Administrator and the host Governments concerned.
Agenda item Paragraphs
Mrs. Mairam Akayeva, First Lady of the Kyrgyz Republic; Ministry of Human Resources (India); Knesset (Israel); Ministry for Child and Family Promotion (Mali); Ministry of Youth Affairs (New Zealand); Ministry for Foreign Affairs (Poland); Ministry for Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Health and Social Affairs and Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sweden); Federal Ministry for Foreign Affairs, Federal Office of Social Security, and Federal Statistical Office (Switzerland).
During 2006, 182,688 pregnant women received pre- test counseling and 99,789 pregnant women agreed to HIV testing.
The Mission's Criminal Justice Advisory Unit carried out a specialized criminal investigation training course for the local police.
29 August 1997
The announcement Scared many politicians into voting for the change in the law.
The number of indigenous schools rose to 716 new schools between 2002 and 2006, from a total of 1,706 to 2,422, including both state and municipal schools.
To sum up, the upper bainite characterize pearlite decomposition, while the lower bainite has the impression of martensite transformation.
In addition, the definition of "rules of the organization" in draft article 4, paragraph 4, should include the rules of procedure and statutes of its organs.
* A/63/150.
The independent expert judges it superfluous to indicate that, out of all economic, social and cultural rights, the exercise of these two key rights alone would be enough to roll back poverty and encourage poor populations to believe that their right to a dignified existence might be realized.
This place that is my home I cannot stay.
It further points out the possible implications that the constitutional law of the host country may have for the implementation of these projects.
:: First Vice-Chair: Republic of Equatorial Guinea
There is my treasure . Roast chicken . Yummy.
Over the years, he's had to hassle with the simplest of design flaws that would cost virtually nothing to fix were it not for the bureaucracies that entrenched them.
I'll be waiting for your good news.
Promotion of strategic sectors and attraction of investment
I think I'll have the green bean dish instead.
Potassium acetate
But again there are just too many variables to compare it's effectiveness versus the other builds.
I. Introduction
Optimists, touting GDP and other indicators, will continue to insist that Americans have never had it so good.
We had to avoid risking everything for marginal gains.
Sixty-sixth session
Item 5 (a) of the provisional agenda
United Nations
Maybe this would be a good thing To get for the house.
Louis Saha
The Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women invites delegations to propose names for panelists to participate in the forty-second session of the Commission (2-13 March 1998).
Miss. Li was only a distant relative.
I know how she met my father there and how they nurtured a trolley-car5) courtship through those difficult times.
The real tragedy was that the Cuban Government was denying its people any genuine alternative to the present tyrannical and outdated system.
(b) Programme and budget:
The Conference further reaffirms that nothing in this Treaty shall be interpreted as affecting the inalienable right of all the Parties to the Treaty to develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with Articles I and II of this Treaty.
505/1992, Ackla
Rule 184
63. As in previous years, the Governance and Environment Units of UNDP in the Russian Federation have contributed to the Russian-speaking component of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Indigenous Fellowship Programme.
Before I close, let me echo a theme that other speakers have mentioned this morning, and highlight a dimension of fundamental importance to us all.
The Government claims the costs incurred in transporting the items procured to Kuwait.
112. The Commission interviewed four victims who had been confined for three to five days and subjected to gang rape and other forms of sexual violence.
Grey offers you a dignified and conservative authority
Multilateral trade norms and disciplines need to support and actively promote development, including by facilitating the implementation by developing countries of national policies that respond to their trade, developmental and financial needs.
Members of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
In addition to the QCPR, important guidance comes from the Outcome Document of `Rio+20' where Heads of State and Government clarified the objectives and requirements for SD and set out guiding principles for green economy policies (resolution 66/288, annex, paras. 56 and 58).
The wheat was beaten down by the rain
The strategy will focus on:
In the absence of strong institutions and qualified personnel, it remains seriously constrained in fulfilling the obligations as required in the international treaties/conventions.
V. UNMOVIC joint inspection team in Mosul
75. At the 54th meeting, on 16 December, the President of the Council made a statement and introduced the draft ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the substantive session of 2013 of the Council, entitled "Science, technology and innovation, and the potential of culture, for promoting sustainable development and achieving the Millennium Development Goals" (E/2013/L.18).
Programme of work
(e) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa
If health-insurance exchanges don’t work, we can always reconsider the public option.
241. The Department informed the Board that the draft policies and procedures were pending the approval of the expanded senior management team.
Compliance is a precondition for the credibility of arms control treaties.
The following list sets out the items of which the Security Council is currently seized and which have been considered by the Council at a formal meeting during the period from 1 January 2008 to 5 March 2011.
11 Argentina, Austria, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, South Africa, Spain and Venezuela.
In January 2013, the British Ambassador in Madrid (accredited to Andorra) raised the issue.
Scope of the note
The idea should be to help nurture 鈥渁 handful of African 鈥榯iger economies', similar to what happened in Asia 20 years ago鈥?
Naringin dihydrochalcone
This reduction will be concentrated mainly in Europe, where the population aged 25 to 59 is expected to be 28 per cent smaller in 2050 than in 2005.
The IMF and the World Bank should be required to submit regular reports to the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council to keep them informed of the extent to which these institutions are taking account of the right to development in their programmes and activities.
The Vice-Chairperson (Guinea) made a statement.
My mother is fifty years old.16
Event Viewer maintains logs about application, security, and system events on your computer.
For instance, many Asian and Latin American countries employed counter-cyclical monetary and fiscal policies, turning towards domestic sources of demand to counter declines in global trade (UNRISD, 2010).
Tel: +849 12287998
The schools have computer laboratories, mostly with computers set up in a network, have a working local area network and have access to the Internet which are available to students, and teaching and administrative staff.
Alfred Vail
Beijing's decision to ban newspaper listings, while approving them for publishing and distribution companies, reflects officials' attempts to balance commercial development of the media sector without losing political control.
On 8 April, M23 blocked six MONUSCO civilian-contracted trucks at Kiwanja and Katale, claiming the cargo contained weapons destined for the intervention brigade or FARDC.
The framework specifically calls for three to five independent, country-level reviews of the Fund's added value per year.
A lateral move may be a great option to explore when your current position or your company may be in jeopardy.
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
The loop free logical topology created is called a tree.
So do most of our European partners, the Nordic countries and those with a long tradition of peace-keeping like Australia and Canada.
41 G
G11
Open net inn must handle business license.
The implementation process will be closely monitored and reported through biannual progress reports for the consideration of Member States.
A CEB report entitled "One United Nations -- catalyst for progress and change: how the Millennium Declaration is changing the way the United Nations system works" is expected to be launched at the 2005 session of the Economic and Social Council and presented to the General Assembly as a collective contribution of the system to the review process.
(b) AIMFR participated in various initiatives proposed at the FAO World Food Summit concerning the preparation of a charter on the right to food.
Organizational and other matters
Consultations with the NGO units in Vienna, Geneva and New York.
"(d) Decides to approve the payment plan negotiated with Azerbaijan as outlined in document IDB.26/..;
“The Sub—Commission, realizing the impact of the blockade on the human rights of the Palestinian people, calls upon the Government of Israel to put an end to the blockade and other measures.
It was no coincidence that major advances in the fight against international terrorism, such as Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) of 28 September 2001, had been achieved with unanimity in the Security Council, and his delegation hoped that the General Assembly would achieve equivalent results.
Carangas Province
Height restrictions of some residential buildings under development
The major border points are supplied with the VSC-2000 and DIXI-05 systems.
Television means:'I don't need this time and it doesn't matter to me.
It recommended that Morocco communicate as soon as possible to the Secretary-General the withdrawal of reservations to CEDAW, and requested further information on the status of ratification of the Optional Protocol to CEDAW.
For full details of available souvenir items, please click
Cooperation among different stakeholders for awareness-raising
B: No. This trip is on me.
And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew.
In addition to the mandate contained in the annex to decision 8/CP.5, the Chair of the CGE reminded delegates of the mandate given by the Conference of the Parties at its seventh session (decision 31/CP.7), requesting the CGE: (i) to identify and assess technical problems and constraints that have affected the preparation of initial national communications by nonAnnex I Parties that have yet to complete them and make recommendations for consideration by the subsidiary bodies; (ii) to provide input to the draft improved guidelines for the preparation of national communications from non-Annex I Parties; (iii) to conduct two workshops with the objective of sharing experiences; and (iv) to organize, to the extent possible, a meeting back-to-back with a meeting of the least developed countries expert group (LEG).
Swine Nutrition, Disease-resistant Nutrition, Molecular Nutrition.
You were responsible for the deaths of David Palmer and Tony Almeida and Michelle Dessler.
Prevention strategies aimed at potential or registered offenders must be adapted to different behavioural typologies and based on reliable research.
 7. The programme will be managed by a director who will focus on the programme's overall strategy, technical guidance, research and development, and the global budget.
Consultations and dialogues on priority issues have continued with Governments and various sectors of African society, including politicians, lawyers, academics and civil society institutions.
Brian May
38. Focusing on the relationship with the Economic and Social Council, a speaker currently holding the presidency of that body referred to General Assembly resolution 48/162 and noted that duplication of work between the two organs ought to be avoided. The speaker therefore suggested requesting the Secretariat to report on the implementation of that resolution.
(d) International cooperation
By sharing the benefits of globalization, our countries will be able to ensure our populations' participation in the system's benefits, with specific improvements in their daily living conditions.
This is conducive to the socioeconomic development in China and also provides an opportunity for development in other countries.
:: Programme of work for Executive Board sessions in 2007-2008*
To enhance human rights awareness in the general population, on the occasion of the sixtieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, on 10 December 2008, UNOCI produced 28 special programmes on the 30 articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which were broadcast on Radio ONUCI-FM and on several community radio networks in the country.
Nonetheless, there is good reason to believe we will achieve our joint target of reducing air pollution by 2010.
International Center for Sustainable Development
Much of today's educational technology requires long and sometimes cumbersome initialization procedures.
UNITED NATIONS
And we never could convince him otherwise.
); Are you free this weekend (To suggest a time or a place,you can say:Shall we meet at 6 Shall we meet at the restaurantShall we meet at 6(
In art education, primary school teacher education, general education and health and health-related subjects, women constitute a great majority of the students.
Shelley was not only deeply shocked by the tragedy but also suffered the bitterness of losing his children.
They're sending you on a dinner cruise Around the harbor so you can get to know her.
Mary Stuart is the heart and soul of our enterprise.
Sunday, 11 September 48th Street Gate, First Avenue and 48th Street
That's an attempt to frame how money will be spent
Question No. 16: Measures to reduce maternal mortality, the Official Regulation for Comprehensive Sexual and Reproductive Health Care and the prevalence of abortion and of HIV/AIDS among pregnant women
Sanyo Broadcasting
We remain concerned that, once again, the Committee has before it a draft resolution lacking recommendations on substantive issues for the Commission to take up next year at its three-week session.
Geography of Kinmen County
Fundamental matrix method is one of the hotspots in computer vision recently.
At the same time, the Summit must also give due attention to the issue of info-security.
San Crisogono, Rome
In its resolution 59/2, the General Assembly endorsed the Plan of Action proposed by the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space for implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) (A/59/174, sect. VI.B) and urged all Governments, entities of the United Nations system and intergovernmental and non-governmental entities conducting space-related activities to carry out the Plan of Action on a priority basis for further implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III, in particular, its resolution entitled "The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development".
Poland is a party to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the Framework Convention of the Council of Europe for the Protection of National Minorities.
Roletto
O Lord, the hope of Israel, All who forsake You will be put to shame.
Fifty-eighth session
In addition, many programmes and projects in the areas of health and education have been successfully implemented.
How will this struggle turn out?
21.23 A provision of $144,800 is required under: (a) temporary assistance for meetings to provide interpretation and translation services; and (b) general temporary assistance during the session of the Commission, the sessions of its seven subsidiary intergovernmental committees and the biannual meeting of the ESCWA Technical Committee.
28. Noting that 2009 would mark the thirty-fifth anniversary of his country's entry into the United Nations he asked the Department to consider producing a video and a radio programme highlighting Bangladesh's contribution to peacekeeping and other humanitarian activities to mark that occasion.
Consider just the initial questions: should the SRR be a new entity or an existing regulator?
1. The women's sports movement
(k) Multi-country project, which is being developed to improve waste management in the Pacific islands with the objective of supporting the application of what is known as the "3R" principle - reduce, reuse and recycle.
Recalling the obligation of States to register all children immediately after birth as provided for in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and other relevant international instruments,
98. It is crucial that the root causes of instability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo be addressed in a determined manner and without delay.
"Reaffirming the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights and that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set out therein, without distinction of any kind, in particular as to race,
40. One delegation, focusing on UNDP evaluation work with the Global Environment Facility (GEF), requested clarification on three points made in the management responses to the annual report on evaluation: (a) the adoption of innovative services; (b) reducing fees for services; and (c) reducing dependency on GEF, especially in terms of direct access.
Mr. Wang planned to meet every manager separately, so he'd like to make an appointment with you this Thursday about half an hour.
Fortunately they hid themselves in a cave in time.
(c) External debt sustainability and development
:: HIV sensitization programme for all mission personnel, including peer education
Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that current estimates placed the projected overall expenditures for the IPSAS project at approximately $27 million to the end of 2015.
Accordingly, the Panel is unable to recommend compensation.
The United Nations collaborated with five university law departments from across Somalia in developing a human rights curriculum. The curriculum was finalized in Hargeisa in May, and will be utilized to train judges and law students.
Aszaló
An exothermic reaction releases heat ( energy ).
70. Accountability for development cooperation is rooted in the Monterrey Consensus and has evolved since it was issued.
8. Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea or Air, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime. Approved on 16 April 2002 in the International Relations Committee. File No. 14621.
3. Social area.
In the long run, it would improve China's industry/service sector mix, reduce its dependence on exports and also create more employment.
The deal is part of the U. S. Foreign Military Sales program.
II
The zealous welcome field man of insight sends a telegram or comes to discuss the cooperation.
Draft Review of the Yokohama Strategy and Plan of Action for a Safer World
It also has a good antibacterial effect to gram-positive bacterial.
The VRP provides injured employees an additional channel to receive free and timely medical evaluation, treatment and rehabilitation services from medical / rehabilitation clinics in the private sector. With timely medical intervention, injured employees can recover faster and the resulting permanent impairment can likely be reduced.
Complete inventories of anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks of greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol for all years from 1990, or other approved base year or period under Article 3, paragraph 5, to the most recent year available with an emphasis on the base year or period, including the selected base year for hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride in accordance with Article 3, paragraph 8, and the most recent year, for conformity with Article 5, paragraph 2, in accordance with the procedures contained in part II of these guidelines
Increased recruitment of women into the police forces and redressing the underrepresentation of women within the judiciary should be sought.
Conclusion The two drugs both have good efficacy on alcohol withdrawal reaction, but sodium valproate itself does not cause drug abuse and addiction.
It further states that on 27 December 2008, an investigating officer from the Tolyatti Investigative Committee issued a ruling refusing the initiation of a criminal prosecution against the person who held the position of head of the temporary confinement ward at the time of the complainant's detention.
ICT officer
Resolution 35/1. Control of acetic anhydride
The THeatre of Dreams was a name given to Old Trafford by Bobby Charlton.
Welcoming the organization of the second Scientific Conference of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification, on the theme "Economic assessment of desertification, sustainable land management and resilience of arid, semi-arid and dry sub-humid areas", to be held from 4 to 7 February 2013 in Fortaleza, Brazil,
The programme of confidence-building measures recommended by the Secretary-General and implemented by UNHCR, which had been enabling many people to renew contact with close relatives from whom they had been separated by the war of independence, had been suspended after three months.
However, the number of women members has not increased during the period 2005-2010. This is attributable to the fact that women are more likely to do informal work or work that does not fall under the provisions of the SINPF.
4) Brittle refers to hardness and inelasticity of material that makes something especially likely to fracture or snap when it is subjected to pressure: Brittle e.g.brittle bones  6.crack n.  e.g.There is a crack in the plastic bell
21. Alignment of strategic planning cycles of key funds, programmes, specialized agencies and other entities with the quadrennial comprehensive policy review cycle
Next week I was speaking English lesson PPT. Go.
Chairperson of the National Public Safety Commission
Organizational and procedural matters
The view that the United States would enter a recession in 1999 was not his alone; Wall Street investment houses were already predicting that scenario.
The aim of the project was to enhance good gerontological care by creating a partnership between clinicians and academic staff.
1st and 2nd plenary meetings
Quality of the products for reproductive health should be improved, transformation of high-tech achievements speeded up, and research on reproductive health enhanced with the establishment of industrial bases.
(Why did you leave your last job Well, I am hoping to get an offer of a better position
It is not necessary that both factors be present.
The exploitation ranges from non-payment and reduced salaries to debt bondage practices; often it also includes violence, both physical and psychological, such as threats of bodily harm, beatings, withholding of food or rape.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
CHAPTER II TRADE UNION ORGANIZATIONS Article 11 Trade union organizations at the various levels shall be established in accordance with the principle of democratic centralism.
This goes against the very principle of partnership and free trade -- the very principles held dear by those who support the embargo.
We were boxed up all night in a railway carriage.
This is an opportunity for us to expand the dissemination of Statistics Division data to a larger audience of users.
One interesting approach to fill that gap could be an online exchange, specifically designed for the new global entrepreneur, and for the many regional planning and governmental authorities focused on helping them and on creating the jobs of the future.
This is precisely what its relentless neighbor would not grant it.
Measures envisaged in TTFAs minimize delays at border crossings, to the benefit of transporters and traders.
Thanks in advance for your reply.
4. Participants recommend that government and private institutions improve their effectiveness by matching education and training to opportunities within the current and future job markets.
Perineal protection is more difficult to achieve , especially if the child is not toilet trained .
Those acts are increasingly jeopardizing the delivery and distribution of humanitarian assistance, and are contributing to the destabilization of the region.
Working paper submitted by Switzerland
• Information available about illicit arms transfers in violation of arms embargoes, national regulations, or bilateral or other arrangements for controlling of transboundary movement in contraband goods.
His strongest point is that he always keeps his head during a game, he has great concentration, he never fails in a confrontation.
In the context of United Nations reform, the strategy will complement and reinforce the strategic directions of other major organizations, especially in areas where UNICEF has a primary mission or comparative advantage.
H.E. Mr. Khalid Abdalrazaq Al Nafisee
The representative of Ghana introduced and orally revised draft resolution A/C.6/62/L.12.
In addition to improving the health of non-smokers, smoke-free environments are among the most cost-effective tobacco control policies.
If everyone still wants to extend on Monday then we'll do it.
Your letter came to be too timely, and let me feeling a lot.
Spermophilus relictus
Energy can reduce poverty and prevent hunger by facilitating income-generating applications, and the establishment of micro-enterprises, as well as providing power for pumping water, processing/grinding food and cooking.
"I found it by chance.
(c) Grant access to the commission to allow it to investigate alleged crimes more thoroughly and from all angles.
Sally: But Id like the pie heated and I dont want the ice cream on top, I want it on the side, and Id like strawberry instead of vanilla, if you have it.
Even more striking, nearly one in four workers in the developing world (23.3 per cent) were living on less than US$ 1 per day (International Labour Organization, 2005c).
He just loves the cameras. He only has to hear a shutter opening to react, said Witold Krzeslowski, husband of Rico's owner
 12. Recognizes that the role of the State in poverty eradication strategies is fundamental, in particular through applying active social policies and creating an enabling environment, inter alia, for the development of the private sector, including small and medium-sized enterprises;
Proposed organization of work
The second is the recommended data set, comprising annual accounts "recommended" for compilation by all countries plus some "recommended" quarterly accounts, which are recommended because of their importance in assessing developments of an economy.
As a result, two Azerbaijani servicemen, Eshgin Guliyev and Kerem Nohbalayev, were killed.
He soon won the favour of his boss.
China
III. System-wide coordination on evaluation on gender equality and the empowerment of women
119. The Advisory Committee recommends that the General Assembly endorse the proposals of the Secretary-General, as set out paragraphs 20 (a) and (c) of his report, that:
On Monday mornings in particular, angry couples storm into divorce courts with tales of annoying relatives, husbands they complain will never earn decent salaries and wives accused of bleeding bank accounts dry. The couples are given forms and clerks are on hand to help them fill in the paperwork
Let me introduce our new classmate Tom.
5. Calls for all parties to agree immediately to full unrestricted monitoring and verification by the Mission in the Abyei region, without prejudice to the final agreement on the actual borders between the two sides;
16 December 1993 to 15 June 1994
Zhai
The programme is based on the belief that a situation of persistent violations can only be altered by fostering generations of citizens who are able to contribute to the strengthening of the rule of law and the culture of peace, who are conscious of their rights and of the means at their disposal for the protection of those rights and who are imbued with respect for plurality and cultural, sexual, ethnic, gender and religious diversity.
 We look forward to working with all partners in pursuit of a world free of the menace of anti-personnel mines.
110. The Department of Field Support confirms that, as part of the performance report on budgetary expenditures, missions are already submitting a comprehensive portfolio of evidence on its performance in respect of the results-based-budgeting framework.
I regarded her, of course, with special interest.
The individual claimant whose claim was identified as overlapping with the "E4" claimant Golden Dalla Household Co. asserted a loss of stock as well as a loss of profit in excess of that claimed by the "E4" claimant.
The world suddenly set off the purchase of Wang card licensing chocolate craze, the lucky one after another and there.
A big black bug bit a big black bear. Where's the big black bear the big black bug bit?
In addition, since the International Tribunal and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) ought to take a similar approach to this issue, I have discussed it with Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of ICTR.
The donor countries should also give due consideration to the proposal made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations that all remaining official bilateral debt owed by the poorest highly indebted poor countries should be converted into grants.
To prepare ourself to receive the gifts that we would like in our life, would certainly mean getting over fear.
It noted that additional requirements had been partially offset by reductions in certain expenditures.
I will run through some of the main points.
Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space
The State party is encouraged to invite UNESCO to assist in its development of curricula which meets its obligations under article 13, paragraph 1.
The Producing and Using of the World and China Wood, the Trade Current Appearance and Analysis for that.
How could speak genuine English well. Speaking good English isn't difficult if you are ready to spend time on it and have more patience.
Pages should be formatted for A4size paper, with 1.5line spacing, and text set in 12point Times New Roman type.
Semi commercial plots have confirmed results obtained in experimental plots and growers are adopting of this new technology faster than expected.
Subtotal C
In other incidents, an IDF officer, a soldier and a border policeman were injured during clashes with Palestinians in Hebron which took place when settlers stormed the Palestinian-controlled area of the town, attacking Palestinians and damaging their property.
Armenia
The Summit of Heads of State and Government on Maritime Safety and Security in the Gulf of Guinea, held in Yaoundé on 24 and 25 June 2013, adopted a declaration on safety and security in the common maritime space, known as the Yaoundé Declaration.
1. Requests the Secretariat to pursue its cooperation with the secretariat, the Harmonized System Committee, the Harmonized System Review Subcommittee and the Scientific Subcommittee of the World Customs Organization;
206. Reference should be made to paragraph II, part III (" Sickness benefit") of the report on ILO Convention No. 102, subject to the following clarification:
The Working Group recommends, inter alia, that member States support the process of regional round tables and enable the Working Group to meet for three sessions annually (chap. VI).
25. The Council provides a venue for the principal organs of the Tribunal to discuss regularly issues facing the efficient operation of the Tribunal with the aim of working together to ensure the smooth functioning of the Tribunal in the fulfilment of its mission.
Voters in Iran will have to go to the polls for a runoff election to determine, which of the top two finishers in Friday's election will be president.
The Chair proposed that the AWG-LCA begin by taking up item 4 of the agenda followed by items 3 and 5.
851. I prefer fishing to swimming
Letter dated 18 May 2010 from the Chair of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Shanghai-based Pudong Development Bank was crowned the best in the platinum card segment for successfully targeting high-end clients, thanks to its close cooperation with Citibank.
Approves the programmes and budgets for Regional Programmes, Global Programmes and Headquarters under the 2001 Annual Programme Budget amounting to $ 872,403,100, including an Operational Reserve of $ 79,309,400 (representing 10 per cent of programmed activities), all of which are detailed in the Table I.3; which together with the United Nations Regular Budget contribution of $ 19,124,600 and provisions for Junior Professional Officers ($ 7.0 million) bring total requirements in 2001 to $ 898,527,700; and authorizes the High Commissioner within this total appropriation, to effect adjustments in Regional Programmes, Global Programmes and the Headquarters budgets, from unrestricted funds;
The degradation or assimilation of fatty materials is often restricted because of their relative insolubility.
maternity leave pay;
Effects of VAM fungi on the vegetative growth and physiology of tea trees and the quality of tea
Subparagraph 3 (d):
The following specialized agencies were represented: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, International Labour Organization, United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, United Nations Industrial Development Organization, World Bank, World Meteorological Organization.
a search warrant; or
One major factor that facilitates the statistical use of administrative data is the use of a unique identification system both within the same source over time, and across different sources.
If you could go anywhere on vacation this year where would it be?
She makes no claim to have been subjected to house arrest or prevented from leaving Spain.
The variety of threats to forests is increasing rather than decreasing.
21. Inter-agency policies, strategies and joint programming are indispensable for achieving gender equality and women's empowerment.
105. The senior and junior students could share their own experience about how to overcome the difficulty they have ever met, how to adjust to the new environment with the new students
The efforts of the Organization of African Unity and of the international community in general to contain hostilities and restore peace, security and stability continue to receive our fullest support.
For people who want to adopt a healthy and meaningful life style, it is important to find time to learn certain new knowledge. Just as an old saying goes: it is never too late to learn.
201. The Nansen Medal was awarded in October 1992 to the President of Germany, Dr. Richard von Weizsacker, for his personal humanitarian commitment towards refugees and asylum-seekers and his individual activities in combating racism and xenophobia.
I was able to see myself as something different, which helped me open up to try new things on this album.
This will require the help of senior geologists of concessionaires currently active in and knowledgeable about deposits in the region.
72. Allegations of minor misconduct against members of national contingents, military observers or CIVPOL are dealt with by the national contingent and senior officers of the military observers/CIVPOL.
Plans are also advanced for Intranet connectivity which will allow information sharing between country offices on real-time basis.
Santa Inés, Castile and León
Both programmes also use the experience of private sector project managers to implement and monitor projects.
Reports and recommendations of the special procedures should be available no later than six weeks before the start of the Commission, preferably in all United Nations languages;
Cause I need heaven just like yo
Brazil also acknowledges volunteerism as a potential integral component of any strategy aimed at fostering action in fields such as poverty reduction, health care, sustainable development, youth empowerment, climate change, disaster prevention and management, social integration, humanitarian action and peacebuilding.
Provisional agenda for the 4345th meeting of the Security Council
M1126 Infantry Carrier Vehicle
His Government would support all measures enabling developed countries to honour their commitment to allocate 0.7 per cent of GDP to cooperation and the development of the least developed countries.
Japan looks forward to all States parties, particularly nuclear-weapon States, putting forward reports on their efforts towards nuclear disarmament.
In Europe, officials said they would fight speculative investors they blame for aggravating the public debt crisis.
 The Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia wishes to reiterate that it harbours no territorial pretensions towards any country, including the former Yugoslav republics.
(c) To explore ways to convince underregulated financial centres to adopt rules enabling them to trace and take action against the proceeds of organized crime and corruption, to participate actively in international cooperation aimed at preventing and controlling related forms of financial crime and, if necessary, to consider measures to protect the international financial system from the underregulated financial centres and mechanisms for the establishment of such minimum rules;
鈥淭he whole demand chain is not one-dimensional,鈥?she said.
The impact of those potential emission reductions on future ozone levels, however, would be much smaller than what had already been accomplished by the Montreal Protocol.
Prattflora
It required superiority -- kindly superiority -- to move her -- the superiority of a genius like Ames
(i) Arrangements by LDCs
The device comprises a blowing mechanism, a hot air outlet mechanism and a cold air outlet mechanism which are connected with an air outlet of the blowing mechanism.
B12
I knew it. I knew it.
10. Gabon
(k) 298 positions (1 Assistant Secretary-General, 2 D1, 7 P5, 10 P4, 20 P3, 1 P2, 41 Field Service/Security, 17 National Officer, 175 Local level and 24 United Nations Volunteers) for the newly established UNIOSIL.
Kaédi
Do not leave out "Action Getter" devices or incentives in your Direct Mail pack. They drive customers to respond (or order) more promptly and result in more orders (or higher responses). These devices are best used with a time-sensitive mechanism, such as count-down, to create a stronger sense of urgency for the customer to respond more quickly.
5. The position of Peruvian women at the start of this decade was an improvement over their past situation, in terms both of their involvement in public affairs and their access to services.
The Secretariat had not received applications since the second half of 2010 and no contributions had been received since the last session.
50. Humanitarian mine action continues to be limited by funding shortfalls.
Closure of the session.
And why aren’t services, new technologies, or, say, Chinese manufactured goods excluded from the measure of core inflation, alongside energy and food?
In UNAMID, interviewees perceived the Mission's response as frequently weak, especially when civilians were under attack.
A map showing the maximum temperatures over various parts of Hong Kong today is given below.
Viable alternatives to DDT shall pose less risk to human health and the environment, be suitable for disease control based on conditions in the Parties in question and be supported by monitoring data.
The most recent such participation was in the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20), Brazil, 2011.
Encourage ESCAP members and associate members to make a determined and concerted effort to assist in the implementation of the Astana "Green Bridge" Initiative.
Reliable and safe operation with overload and over torque protection.
The loading rate is four thousand metric tons per hour.
The kinematically admissible velocity field and strain rate field for extension forging of rounds have been established.
22. Public and private meetings 25
Humanitarian Affairs Unit
I'm also no desire to become a famous photographer as artist.
Chinese medicine theory is profound, correspond the health culture has a long history.
"And now," he said, "after to-day, you will come and live with me; you can occupy Haidée's apartment, and my daughter will at least be replaced by my son.
(c) Allocation of budgetary and other resources: States parties shall provide information on the amount and percentage of the national budget (at central and local levels) devoted annually to children, including, where appropriate, the percentage of external financing (through donors, international financial institutions and private banking) of the national budget, with respect to relevant programmes under each cluster.
Information note by the Collaborative Partnership on Forests
Buell argues that all texts are explicitly or implicitly designated to their respective places and every reader establishes a certain relation with the place.
The Inspectors believe that now is the time for action.
80.3. Ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (Algeria);
National workshop held in November 2005. As a result, the provincial contingency plan for the Makamba Province was updated in April 2006, the early warning and rapid response plans developed through the Food Security Early Warning project, and the Ministry of Health led the epidemiologic surveillance system in collaboration with WHO
Simplified "nil" reporting form
As well, 43% of the children targeted were girls.
Dants drew a plan of the island for Faria, and Faria gave Dants advice as to the means he should employ to recover the treasure.
His Government would have preferred for all States to adopt the Statute in Rome.
23. AI stated that the FARC and ELN continued to commit serious human rights abuses and violations of international humanitarian law.
Mega Man Powered Up
Could the State party be more specific as to the special circumstances which will enable the Council of Ministers to allow registration of an alien spouse of a Cypriot citizen, despite the fact that he/she entered or resides in the Republic illegally (para. 257 of the State party's report)?
Arbitrary rule, tribalism and nepotism have eroded the confidence of those Congolese who had fought and hoped that the fall of Mobutu would usher in democratic governance.
Big (sometimes a foot across) and obstinately colorful (some are orange, some are purple; no one knows why), the sea star is usually found in a rockfissure sprawled like a discarded toy.
Note by the Secretary-General
We advocate simple life. 2.
Table 6: Brazil - Population by race or color according to gender - 1999
And that means that one operating system doesn't fit all
" Whan I haik't up to Craigie Hill And frae the hicht look't doun; "There is nae place," said I to mysel', "Mair braw nor our borough-toun
(a) Ensuring universal access to modern energy services by 2030
References for the sixty-fifth session (agenda item 69 (c))
 (a) Reports of the Secretary-General on the Middle East and related subjects for the General Assembly;
In cooperation with other relevant international organizations and within existing human and financial resources, UNCTAD will seek to assist developing countries, upon request, in understanding the implications of various legislative approaches to accommodating electronic commerce.
17. Working Group 3, which acts as the interface with the shipping industry, handed over the chairmanship from the United States to the Republic of Korea in March 2012.
The Third Committee adopted it without a vote.
It's best to explain exactly what you mean when asking or answering this question.
bioremediation:
In Cyprus, HIV/AIDS infection is at a low prevalence rate of 0.1 per cent of the population.
67. Targeting of civilian populations and sites.
The World Bank is studying prerequisites for creating carbon-offset markets the feasibility of using such markets to promote forest conservation goals, and issues related to various climate change instruments, including carbon investment under its global carbon trading initiatives.
(i) Contributing the value of such proceeds and property, or funds derived from the sale of such proceeds or property, or a substantial part thereof, to intergovernmental bodies specializing in the fight against organized crime;
Some 300 schools received supplies of interactive mathematics and science teaching kits, recreation kits or emergency education material.
27. Mr. Sannikov's trial took place strictly in accordance with the Constitution and the Code of Criminal Procedure, and in compliance with the general conditions for judicial proceedings.
Encroachment on indigenous lands in the Amazon region is generally motivated by pressures on natural resources, especially timber and mineral resources, and results in the destruction of the environment, with serious consequences for the life of the communities.
Assistance has also been provided to children among refugee populations in acute need, including care and reunification of thousands of unaccompanied minors.
Toxic chemicals
As one of the world's first truly open economies, New Zealand has an unwavering commitment to trade liberalization and to the pursuit of bilateral, regional and global free trade agreements.
We urge the countries represented here to help preserve the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Libya.
Jerusalem Legal Aid and Human Rights Center
It would participate actively after an in-depth study of the proposed programme budget, in consideration of the various sections in informal consultations.
It allows disadvantaged members of the community in need of legal assistance to obtain legal services.
Committee on Information, twenty-third session [General Assembly resolution 33/115 C]
A preservation of property order can be obtained in respect of any property that was concerned in the commission of an offence referred to in Schedule 1 to the Act and to the proceeds of any unlawful activity.
increase public awareness and promotion of mercury-free products, technologies, and processes, using environmentally friendly alternatives
My Government does not support the use of coercive measures as a means of exerting pressure in international relations, as the use of such measures is contrary to the practice of international law and the principle of peaceful coexistence among nations.
Its responsibilities include ensuring consistency of the instruments and programmes in their respective areas of competence inside the Organization, as well as among external agencies, with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Today, gay bars routinely make local bar rags and gay newspapers available, but that tends to be the extent of their engagement.
(c) Transfer of surplus balance from the prior year's liquidation of obligations (approximately $13.9 million in respect of the biennium 1992-1993);
This could be linked to an existing institution, such as the Common Fund for Commodities.
MINURSO would thus not require the assistance of the Royal Moroccan Army Officers.
In areas such as education and the reduction of malnutrition and mortality, however, the results still leave much to be desired.
The Lao People's Democratic Republic has not yet introduced the TIR scheme; the international transit system has been carried out by means of bilateral or multilateral agreements such as the Lao-Vietnamese Agreement, the Lao-Thai Agreement, ASEAN and the Greater Mekong Subregion.
The company warmly welcome friends come to visit, guidance and business negotiation!
United Nations capital master plan: schedule of construction in progress expenditures for the biennium ended 31 December 2013
for the trade union or
 These officers have been integrated into the existing three sectors and carry out reconnaissance, liaison and humanitarian tasks.
MBT Leopard
Note by the Secretary-General
Special Advisers
144. A shipping accident can result from a failure in the structure of the ship or because of a navigational error, such as a collision.
Draft resolution VI was adopted by 166 votes to 3, with 4 abstentions (resolution 60/119).
Inputs into the revision of the draft programme of action would include: (a) further submissions of the country-level programmes of action; (b) outcomes of high-level regional events to be organized jointly by the Conference secretariat and the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) in Dhaka in November 2000 and the meeting of African Ministers of Finance and Planning to be organized by the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) in Addis Ababa in November 2000; and (c) the outcome of the consideration of the report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly on the status of the preparatory process for the Conference.
The paper analyzed the influence of the coal industrial analysis index, element analysis index and micro organic quantitative analysis index affected to the contact angle of coal water balance.
According to economists Mark Aguiar and Erik Hurst, leisure time for women has increased by at least four hours a week since 1965.
Utilitarianism
Britney Spears enjoyed her second wedding of the year as she married Kevin Federline, one of her dancers
665. The Department for Constitutional Affairs funded a three year campaign (which ended in March 2007) to raise public awareness about the legal status of cohabitation.
Table 2 provides a summary of the resource implications of the Secretary-General's proposals.
In some countries such military and special courts do not afford the strict guarantees of the proper administration of justice in accordance with the requirements of article 14 which are essential for the effective protection of human rights.
G
There are no binding international agreements on the international relocation of witnesses.
The latest is Liu Xiaobo, a literary critic and political writer, who was awarded this year’s Nobel Prize for Peace while serving a prison sentence for “subversion” of the Communist regime.
19 July 2013
Oh forgive me, that seems more like a hypercondural conclusion than an answer for the deceased.
Coca-Cola's HK$17.9bn (US $2.3bn) bid for China Huiyuan Juice sent shares in the Hong Kong-listed beverage company surging yesterday.
In October we announced our plan from drawing down UK troops from southern Iraq.
In this regard, Italy has adopted Law No. 209/2000, entitled "Measures for the reduction of the foreign debt of least developed countries".
The Group hoped that the MTPF would help strengthen UNIDO programmes, particularly with regard to South-South cooperation and field operations.
Young people become familiar with United Nations procedures and issues through the intern programme at both offices, and the annual summer school in Geneva.
My responsibility includes these related problems, if am to care adequately for the sick.
The entire report will be issued in final form as Official Records of the General Assembly, Sixty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/62/3/Rev.1).
Access Point
The results may conduce an elementary framework for the development of computer aided conceptual design.
This agreement may not be assigned or delegated by either party without the prior written consent of the other party
"29. Calls upon all States, in particular those States in which the death penalty has not been abolished:
This allows you to locate and identify evidence hidden behind furniture or other objects.
Table 1.
It is said that his cousin, a British sympathizer  under   Howe 's command , betrayed him.
In 2005, the UNDG adopted an action plan for the follow-up to the Paris Declaration which defined three main principles of engagement: (a) putting national development plans at the centre of United Nations programming; (b) strengthening national capacities; (c) increasingly using and strengthening national systems.
Considered on 19 and 20 July 2005 (eighty-fourth session)
Kosaka, Akita
64. The law on expropriation, the law on arbitration and amendments to the law on cadastre have been approved and are pending promulgation.
We can count on Lisa to keep her promise.
Is the diarrhea in this condition usually secretory or osmotic?
The Board also always considers whether the child needs help.
Judicial work of the Court
Assesses compliance with United Nations regulations and rules, as well as the efficiency of the systems and procedures established for administering entitlements (see also 220).
They look like actors dancing or flying on an underwater stage.
Certainly, the answer is no. It is after all in the enlightened self-interest of every country to ensure that the MDG targets are met -- as many and as soon as possible.
What can we do with these instruments?
36. Among the main issues for which advice was sought is the choice between adopting a general regime applying equally to any export-oriented enterprise whatever its location within the national territory may be or a regime that restricts benefits to only enterprises operating in specified enclaves.
Oman
Compton
UNAIDS continued to monitor the implementation of HIV-related legislation where such a law already exists, e.g. the Philippines.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
When making policies for economic growth and industrial readjustment, it is necessary to give priority to the strategic goal of creating job opportunities and expanding employment, to make creating more job opportunities an important goal of development and to ensure that it is expressed positively in the making of macro-economic policies, such as in the drafting of plans for national economic and social development, industrial policies, financial and taxation policies, investment policies, and banking and currency policies, so as to attain the dual goal of achieving a rapid and healthy economic growth and promoting full employment.
The draft decision was adopted.
OBJECTIVE To study the changes of Na + - K + - ATPase activity in retinal tissue of rats with diabetic mellitus and to investigate relational factors with occurrence and development of diabetic retinopathy.
(a) The independent expert to examine the existing international criminal and human rights framework for the protection of persons from enforced or involuntary disappearance, Mr. Manfred Novak, introduced his report (E/CN.4/2002/71);
(k) To implement the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners and to continue to give special consideration to imprisoned women and juveniles;
Some evidence suggests that evening primrose oil, taken alone or in combination with vitamin E, may help minimize cyclic breast pain that can be associated with breast cysts.
The organization affirmed the need to develop a trauma training certification process.
Letter dated 18 March 2010 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2010/153).
37. Thus the review and appraisal of the Madrid Plan of Action would consist of a spectrum of events at the local, national, regional and international levels and would extend over a period of several years, from 2006 to 2008.
There is a simple principle to inin selecting breeding partners : Mate animals that complement one another.
The United Nations should continue to address the special needs of the Territories, and administering Powers could be supported in their obligations through assistance from the specialized agencies and international institutions.
The Group has made repeated efforts to contact Mwami Simba, but he has refused each time.
The SBI considered this sub-item at its 3rd and 5th meetings, on 4 and 11 December, respectively (see para. above).
Not all these capabilities will be immediately available at the beginning of the transition from AFISMA to MINUSMA, however, meaning that Mission components will be deployed in phases as security conditions improve and infrastructure is established.
After much legal wrangling the case is now before the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
Croatia
A: China is ready to develop normal state-to-state relations with all countries, including Sao Tome and Principe on the basis of the UN Charter and the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-existence.
Chapter III Market Operation Administrators  Article 18 锛圢ormalized Guidance of On-floor Operation Contracts锛塗he market operation administrators, when concluding on-floor operation contracts with floor traders, may refer to the model text of on-floor operation contract, and stipulate relevant rights and obligations of both parties on doing normalized business according to law, the liability for breach of contract, and the mode of dispute settlement.
184. Article 14 (3) (c) provides that everyone charged with a criminal offence shall be tried without undue delay.
16.59 The redeployed post of Evaluation Officer (P-3) will assist the Chief of the Independent Evaluation Unit and the P-4 Evaluation Officer in providing independent evaluations.
It was sensitive  like a foot that had gone to sleep.
Implementation of Security Council resolution 1390 (2002) by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
The shepherd used a staff to make the sheep go in the right direction.
Being the host country of the fourth Tokyo International Conference on African Development, Japan organized a technical tour at the beginning of 2008 for African countries. This tour enabled the participants to be familiarized with our activities in cancer radiotherapy technology development.
With both the manager and the skipper's long-term future secured, Torres also confirmed his desire to prolong his stay on Merseyside.
8. At its 2nd meeting, on 20 March 2001, the Commission considered the organization of its work.
They might think: These guys are not going to make it.
71. Nigeria's Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission had established integrity units within each law enforcement agency to prevent and investigate corruption.
The Committee considered that micropropagated plants had been adopted to replace methyl bromide for early multiplication stages and the party had substantiated that substrate technology was not economically feasible for the final stages of multiplication.
It said policymakers expect inflation to moderate, but believe uncertainty about the inflation outlook has increased After a day of gains, markets showed their disappointment that the cut was not bigger, giving up some of their advances
I asked God for strength, that I may achieve.
And that's only the half of it. Read.
The Chair proposed that the fifth meeting of the CGE be convened in conjunction with that regional training workshop, on 12 - 13 September 2011, at the same venue.
He reiterated his country's position that the action at Qana had been necessary because Hizbollah had deliberately chosen to fire rockets on Israel from the United Nations base in disregard of the civilian population of the area.
The Panel had accorded presumptions both in respect of fact of loss and causation to claimants with C6-Salary losses who had proven that they were resident in Iraq or Kuwait prior to the invasion.
The Wanli period of the Ming Dynasty in China lasted from 1573 to 1620, the same year the Pilgrims reached Massachusetts in America.
After this Citibank will terminate your secure Citibank Online session to help protect against unauthorised access.
Article 39 This Law shall become effective as of June 1, 1995.
Masaharu Homma
E. Other matters
18 December 2012
General Service
This could present serious problems as far as the equitable, impartial and independent administration of justice is concerned.
Hayden is currently deputy director of national intelligence, and former head of the National Security Agency.
35. As stated in article 47 of the Constitution, the judiciary is independent of all other authorities. Article 88 of the Constitution guarantees the independence of the judiciary, which is subject to no authority in its decision-making other than the law.
The due diligence report from May states clearly that much of the documentation required to assess companies was not available or did not demonstrate that the companies met the minimum standards set out in the bid documents.
That was Emily's dream, to be a teacher.
Firmly united behind Fidel, Raúl and our Party, guided by their wise and consistent leadership, we shall advance ever onwards to victory.
LCQ17:Shatin Sewage Treatment Work (1/3/2000)
OHCHR continues to experience difficulties in securing a meeting of the independent eminent experts, who, despite the efforts of the Office, were once again unable to meet during the year under review.
One of the most important synergies between Compaq and Digital - one that matters a lot to our customers - is services.
The nomination of Professor Song followed the procedure for nominations of candidates to the International Court of Justice in accordance with article 34.4 (a) (ii) of the Rome Statute.
64. Emphasizes the need for further efforts to promote a culture of safety and security in the shipping industry and to address the shortage of adequately trained personnel, notes the importance of the process in the International Maritime Organization to review the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978, and urges the establishment of more centres to provide the required education and training;
This last point is important.
Creating personal T-Shirt designs with your own message or favourite image is now a piece of cake.
Mozambique
Have experience and know how to make use of experience is truly wise.
What What's happened, fanny?
Mercury has always played an important role in the extraction of gold.
327. The rules of origin technical committee has held ten meetings to date during which it has not been able to reach agreement on the detailed rules of origin, although it has reached agreement on the general provisions of these rules.
The woman ransacked the room for her lost English-Chinese dictionary.
You have a car?.
In January 2005, the Working Group on Enforced and Involuntary Disappearances observed that the phenomenon of disappearance in Nepal was widespread, with both the Maoist insurgents and the Nepalese security forces as perpetrators.
The natural calamity was quite serious.
Specifically, it had conducted external benchmarking against comparable organizations and an internal client survey.
Domestic courts have, in some cases, referred to the Guiding Principles to call on Governments to fulfil their responsibilities with regard to internally displaced persons.
I shall have to refuse your invitation because of a prior engagement.
However, it noted that the notary had certified only the authenticity of the copy of the arbitral award used for the translation.
18. The Chair of the expert meeting presented the report, noting that deliberations by experts focused on infrastructure services sectors.
The Committee requested information on the implementation of the measures and was informed that the measures related to the management of vacant posts under the programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013 remained in effect.
Post adjustment multiplier (percentage)
10 March 1994(s)
79. The measures taken, or to be taken, by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to implement the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in its report for the biennium 1992-1993 9/ are described below.
Ezra was unlike Nehemiah, he may not be a getter.
In principle, an aerospace object can be defined as such.
27. The need for the establishment of a specific fund to minimize the losses incurred as a consequence of the application of sanctions was questioned, particularly since the Security Council had taken steps to eliminate such economic burdens.
Johannesburg/Dubai/Casablanca
Former Title
He did not return before three o'cloc
71. With regard to questions on the high incidence of child labour, Peru stated that the Government had approved a National Strategy for the Prevention and Eradication of Child Labour 2012 - 2021, which had as its objectives: the urgent elimination of the worst forms of child labour and the progressive elimination of child labour for those under the minimum employment age.
The Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Competition Law and Policy,
(b) Establish a budgeting process with a child rights perspective, which specifies clear allocations for children in the relevant sectors and agencies, including specific indicators and a tracking system;
The relevant ministries had coordinated to create groups which reached out to Roma communities to identify persons whose birth had not been registered and assist them in obtaining documentation.
(UNA005-03023) Mine Action Service
the planning-programming-budgeting-monitoring-evaluation-reporting cycle
4. Committee on Reconstruction and Economic Development;
Cravant, Yonne
Recalling also its resolution 1998/32 of 29 July 1998,
A bit scheming, don't you think?
35. Urges all Member States making non-core contributions to operational activities, as well as the United Nations funds, programmes and specialized agencies, to ensure that these resources are fully aligned with strategic plans and mandates and are in accordance with the priorities of the programme countries within the United Nations Development Assistance Framework;
The present document, prepared in July and August 2012, represents efforts by UN-Oceans to prepare its new draft terms of reference.
Video game characters introduced in 2002
49. Recent analyses made it very clear that there are several topical and geographic gaps in the current system of international forest finance, acting as serious obstacles in addressing the issue of deforestation and forest degradation.
G. Right to social security and to an adequate standard of living
Then, I could easily calculate and negotiate a reasonable price.
The cultural relics are displayed in chronological sequence.
At the close of the meeting, the Council issued an official communiqué (S/PV.4062).
(d) Perigee: 6,660.17 kilometres
DPI/1374
18 April 1988
35. In accordance with rule 17, paragraph 2, of the rules of procedure, the Bureau examined the credentials of the representatives attending the ninth special session.
(h) Legal entities or natural persons licensed to trade in real estate or to broker real estate transactions,
These constraints have resulted in the freezing of three key senior staff posts and consequently reduced the availability of personnel resources for carrying out analytical work and advisory services.
The General Assembly took note of a letter by the Secretary-General (A/ES-10/240) concerning 13 Member States that were in arrears in the payment of their financial contribution to the United Nations within the terms of Article 19 of the Charter.
No sooner did our English lessons begin than our heads began to nod.
3. The enhancement of global partnerships to expedite the mobilization of financial resources would help fulfil the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and promote sustainable development, but Member States and United Nations entities would in turn have to address the growing imbalance between core and non-core resources.
Nevertheless, the reservation in no way affects of itself the obligatory nature of the customary rule as such. It cannot release its author from compliance with the customary rule, if it is in effect with regard to the author, outside these specific regulatory systems.
A scene so wonderful and so lovely is exhibited, as may more than equal any of the resembling scene of the far-famed Isle of Wight.
37. At its fifteenth meeting, the facilitative branch noted with concern that Monaco was again late in submitting its national communication and wrote to the Party raising that concern and asking whether it could provide any advice and facilitation.
Howard Johnson China held their 1st General Manager's gathering at Howard JohnsonPlaza Waigaoqiao Shanghai.
The idea behind these talks is to also devote more attention at local level to the specific needs of the focus groups of the equal opportunities policy.
195. Any person may bring proceedings of amparo (art. 35, CJA), and an amparo action may be brought at any time as long as the violation, threat, disruption or restriction persists, and for two months after its direct effects on the injured party have totally ceased (art. 35, CJA).
Fortunately, an American window display dresser happened to find her before trash day and brought her to the States.
The Group also submitted a request to the Government of Ukraine concerning the presence of Ukrainian nationals working for FARDC, but has not received a reply.
Burkina Faso referred to cooperation among several ministries and non-governmental organizations.
But Han Xue plays the girl rouge which in the play pure, is with good intention, sympathizes gently.
The booth has three hard-and-fast rules: No drugs (except the amyl nitrate and nitrous oxide we sell at the counter), no turning tricks, and always feed the meter if you want to stay in the booth.
However, we would support a consolidation or reordering of the clusters, an issue which may be worthy of more formal discussion at the fifty-ninth session.
We are sure that it will play an important role in improving road traffic safety and in preventing traffic injuries in China.
Requiring financial disclosure of all assets after conviction or as a condition of cooperation with the Government, in conformity with national law, was to be considered.
Given that the capacity-building of States and provision of technical and advisory assistance to fulfil the obligations assumed were among the UPR objectives, the international community was requested to provide such assistance.
Annex IX
In the meantime, all schools in the country have been equipped with computer laboratories. Schools are also being equipped with physical and virtual laboratories.
As I say in my book, I think the bedroom should be the most uncluttered room in the house.
My cousin also added a HUGE bow on the back of the dress that looked as if I sat in a wedding cake!
In order to declare illegal and prohibit organizations and all propaganda activities that promote and incite racial discrimination and to recognize participation in such organizations and activities as an offence punishable by law, article 151 of the Criminal Code states that the same penalties (imprisonment for a term of six months to three years and a fine of up to 50 dinars) applies to all those who belong to an association founded for the purpose mentioned in article 151 of the Code.
To realize this requirement composite applications implementations need the ability to disable optional activities in a business process.
(a) Workshops by UNU-IAS on intellectual property rights and traditional knowledge, held in Australia, Japan, Malaysia and Uzbekistan;
Of the three, the UNCCD directs the most specific attention to the people/environment nexus.
In its report, the Advisory Committee made observations on the three main elements of the initiative, as described by the Secretary-General: national ownership; partnerships and expertise; and financial and managerial agility.
(b) Space debris; space operations and tools to support collaborative space situational awareness;
444. During this time, New Brunswick worked with over 90,000 clients through employment interventions, assisting over 60,000 persons to find employment.
Its next phase of development provides for intensive mentoring under the Liberia defence sector reform programme, supported by 61 United States serving military personnel, who arrived in Liberia in January 2010.
Moreover subparagraph f) provides that combinations of activities mentioned in subparagraphs a) to e) in the same fixed place of business shall be deemed not to be a permanent establishment, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business resulting from this combination is of a preparatory or auxiliary character.
There are some things that may help you lift up your mood
The estimate provides for standard troop cost reimbursement for 36,971 person-months ($40,145,100), including the amount of $1,952,200 for expenditure for the period ending 30 June 2001 mentioned in paragraph 2 above.
He added philosophically that one should adapt oneself to the changed conditions.
It may be recalled that, during the Special Representative's first visit to the country in 1999, the authorities had stated their willingness to receive thematic special rapporteurs and that, in its resolution 2000/19, the Commission welcomed the stated willingness of the Government of Equatorial Guinea to extend invitations to those rapporteurs (para. 5).
2002 - 2003 is not indicated in view of the difficulty of forecasting requirements for the biennium when only the initial requirements for the first calendar year are known and of forecasting the evolution of political events during the course of the year, with the exception of the downsizing of MINUGUA and a reduction in election requirements for the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) if elections are held in 2004 (ibid., para. 8; and para. 21 below).
In order to ease the administrative burden and facilitate a seamless transition into the new Force configuration, the repatriation of the above-mentioned troops will take place between January and February 2005.
Many living in towns dream of starting up their own farm, of living off the land.
Asia, Africa and Latin America should have a wider representation in the Security Council and should be directly involved in the search for solutions to the important problems facing the international community.
14. It was reported that since the People's Revolutionary Army (EPR) had appeared in the State of Guerrero in June 1996, combined police and military operations had been intensified, with weapons searches and a hunt for suspected EPR members.
They have severe toxic properties and have been shown to be persistent and bioaccumulative.
... to be dismissed when the company falls on hard times, he's dug  himself in too well.
The President drew attention to the text of a draft resolution contained in document S/1999/1230, which had been submitted by the United States of America.
Commends the efforts being made by UNFPA to broaden the funding base and mobilize additional resources and other forms of support from diversified sources, including from the private sector;
76. Mr. Westdickenberg (Germany), referring to the topic of international liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law, observed that the Commission’s 1997 decision to deal first with the issue of prevention of transboundary damage from hazardous activities had been a very wise one.
System Management Bus
Estimate 2004-2005: 100 per cent of reports
3. Takes note of the report of the Independent Expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order, and notes in this regard its focus on the implementation of the right of self-determination as crucial to the international order as envisaged in the Charter of the United Nations;
Draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.58
While I once again thank Ambassador Thomas Mayr-Harting, I believe that there is room for improvement in these areas.
10. To manage this collection, UNMOVIC uses an off-the-shelf document management system which allows UNMOVIC to systematically catalogue every record produced and received, and to manage the electronic and paper records.
Such cases include Bolivia, Guatemala, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Lebanon, Pakistan, Thailand and Turkey.
It is an ambition tempered by the real possibility of a dramatic increase in voluntary contributions to address the inequalities that affect half of humanity.
Noting a show of interest, an alert teacher will capitalize on it by offering锛?not just suggesting, works which will allow the student to pursue that interest.
Customer relationship management in peacekeeping operations
Switzerland strongly favours enlargement of the Security Council.
The theme of Land Day 6 on 15 October 2012 was "Land-degradation neutrality: a response to the 2020 Aichi biodiversity targets", which focused on the interaction between biodiversity and desertification to demonstrate the benefits synergy has on achieving the Aichi Targets and land-degradation neutrality.
Law on Protection of Ionizing Emission and Radiation Safety ("Official Gazette of the Republic of Macedonia" No. 48/02");
National asserted that the costs were much greater than normal because of the devalued Iraqi dinars.
281. Gone are the days when Chinese people could expect cradle to death support from the government
Elected authorities were building a new relationship with international partners based on the principle of local ownership of the development process.
Root Causes of Movements of Persons
The industry is broadly trying to increase interest in the movies.
The Commission has been working closely with the secretariat for the World Assembly in harmonizing preparation of a document to disseminate the outcome of the World Assembly on Ageing at the regional level.
(para 2.14)  1998 ED, schoolsA6: Schools of similar background or under the same sponsoring bodies should be encouraged to form quality circles on a voluntary basis to develop quality indicators.
She picked Rachel.Chandler: (visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it. Monica: Its wrong.
Borders of Switzerland
National Officers
However, difficulties arise that sometimes make such a search for a country able to admit the refugee in question fruitless.
2. Requests the administering Power to facilitate the process for approval of the territorial draft constitution in the United States Congress, once agreed upon by the territorial Government;
The Committee urges the State party to give particular attention to the establishment of psycho-social and parental guidance programmes to strengthen vulnerable family units such as single-parent-, child- and grandparent-headed households.
we've already cut the price very fine.
69. To continue to promote dialogue among the various religions and civilizations, and to promote the culture of dialogue and peaceful coexistence (Algeria);
The formal understanding between UNAMIR and the BBGNU, particularly with reference to the United Nations Status-of-Forces Agreement with Rwanda, is that there should be no restrictions on the movement or deployment of UNAMIR personnel and vehicles throughout Rwanda.
Military and police personnel 70. The proposed requirements of $14,920,700 would provide for the deployment of eight Military Liaison Officers and a total of 298 personnel of guard units, including 223 already on the ground and an additional 75 (see A/62/512/Add.5, paras. 51–53).
The low rate of prosecution, out of court settlements and interference by traditional leaders in judicial matters continue to undermine the judicial process, thus creating room for impunity, particularly regarding sexual and gender-based violence.
73. In the context of the death penalty, the application of the non-refoulement principle differs between abolitionist States and States that retain the death penalty in law.
Though manual phase correction can give satisfying results the requirement of automatic process for NMR spectra become higher and higher with the gradually popularizing of auto batch test and multi-dimensional NMR.
16. Participants reiterated the role of UNCTAD in promoting cooperation among all partners interested in promoting sustainable freight transport.
in favour: President Shi; VicePresident Ranjeva; Judges Guillaume, Koroma, Vereshchetin, Higgins, ParraAranguren, Kooijmans, Rezek, AlKhasawneh, Elaraby, Owada, Simma, Tomka;
With the certification of the emulative experiment of the reconfigurable assembling system they are able to meet the requirements of the reconfigurable assembling system for the assembling module.
2. Civilian personnel costs
In paragraph 23 of the section containing comments provided by non-governmental organizations, International Educational Development, Inc. states that "DU may cause death and serious illnesses, disabilities and birth defects long after its war-time use in weapons.
Alongside their 196 places of worship, Turkish citizens belonging to non-Muslim minorities have 42 primary and secondary schools, 5 hospitals and 138 foundations.
13. At its 5th meeting, the revised agenda was adopted as follows:
P112(c) For "Outer packagings", "Boxes", after "steel (4A)", insert a new row to read: "metal, other than steel or aluminium (4N)".
Cycle-dependent capital ratios would reduce the tendency of banks to lend too generously in booms and too timidly in recessions.
[15 May 2003]
The free and frank discussions, with the participation of the Secretary-General, and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Bernard Kouchner, were extremely useful.
What Debbie enjoyed to the point of obsession was a video of the Amazonian rainforest.
 18. Owing to the improvement of the situation in Togo and the formation of a new Government in June 1994, the total number of refugees decreased from 150,000 to 60,000 in Benin and from 150,000 to 100,000 in Ghana.
3. Invites Member States in a position to do so, pending further development of the Register, to provide additional information on procurement from national production and military holdings and to make use of the “Remarks” column in the standardized reporting form to provide additional information such as types and models;
(d) Negotiation of additional legal instruments or the amendment of existing ones:
Geo Engr / Consultant Mgt 32
While the Special Rapporteur cannot provide a general recipe for handling such conflicts in practice, he would like to point to a number of relevant human rights principles and norms in this regard.
When the debate is limited and a speaker exceeds the allotted time, the President shall call him to order without delay.
While welcoming the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt (HIPC) Initiative and the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative, progress is still slow in this regard.
C. Independence
 The representative of a State sponsoring a proposal or motion shall not speak in explanation of vote thereon, except if it has been amended.
I reiterate my country's willingness to make its contribution to that process.
4. The present document was prepared by the Secretariat on the basis of information received by 7 January 2005 from the following member States: Finland, Lebanon, Portugal, Rwanda, Turkey and Ukraine.
Ambassador
The Committee calls on the State party to take the necessary measures to improve the coverage of the social security system.
I know,but I like canned fruit,especially canned pineapple.
2. In December 2011, the Russian Federation launched the following space objects on behalf of foreign clients:
On 22 December, the Council unanimously adopted resolution 1859 (2008), extending the arrangements for the Development Fund for Iraq and the arrangements for the monitoring by the International Advisory and Monitoring Board, and decided that they could be reviewed at the request of the Government of Iraq or no later than 15 June 2009.
77. The Board of Auditors concluded that procedures were in place to avoid overpayments and duplicate payments.
(b) Operative paragraph 5, which read:
There is the texture, too. The content of my work is not explicitly humorous. Nor is it meditative.
(e) Supporting the effective participation of the least developed countries in intergovernmental processes, including through the articulation of their needs, concerns and interests, and continuing to make the case that these three groups of countries deserve special consideration and treatment in order to overcome their vulnerabilities;
7. Welcomes the adoption, during the Summit of Heads of State and Government on Maritime Safety and Security in the Gulf of Guinea, held in Yaoundé on 24 and 25 June 2013, of the Code of Conduct concerning the Prevention and Repression of Piracy, Armed Robbery against Ships, and Illegal Maritime Activity in West and Central Africa, which defines the regional maritime security strategy and paves the way for a legally binding instrument, and the decision to establish, in Cameroon, an interregional coordination centre responsible for coordinating the implementation of the regional strategy, and requests the Secretary-General to support the implementation of the outcomes of the Summit, including through the United Nations Regional Office for Central Africa;
II. Comments made by the ILO supervisory bodies.
120. Mauritania praised steps taken to combat domestic violence, its ratification of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court and the alignment of its domestic legislation with international obligations, particularly regarding gender parity and nationality rights.
B.) Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. (Abraham Lincoln,American president ) .
1. Takes note of the status of contributions to the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone as at 30 April 2009, including the credits in the amount of 44.9 million United States dollars;
Article 9
FIA, together with BNB, FSC, and SCG, coordinates a specific training program for employees under the LMML in typologies, trends, and techniques for suppression of the financing of terrorism.
Please note that only scanned copies of notes verbales or form A/INF/66/2 will be accepted by e-mail.
81. In contrast, terrorism is generally aimed at disrupting the structures of a State (or of an international organization) or to force State (or international) authorities to undertake certain conduct.
23. Ms. Merchant (Norway) said that her country welcomed the adoption by the Executive Committee of the Conclusion on women and girls at risk, which should serve as a platform for a stronger follow-up to Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) on women and peace and security.
The Council elected the following eleven Member States for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2003: Canada, Eritrea, Germany, Ghana, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Nicaragua, Peru, Republic of Moldova, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States of America.
35. The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion in the agenda of item 153 under heading I.
Total income
Wood Green
There are few electronic applications more likely to raise fears regarding future employment opportunities than robots.
Changes in the availability of technical or financial assistance;
24. On 18 April, the Government of Djibouti dispatched a delegation to Garowe to brief "Puntland" elders and the administration.
I think I saw a nest in one of these trees.
As a result, it makes the financial information which should be used in the work of financial analysis raised fiercely.
You cannot burn the candle at two of them ends.
59. With regard to responses to the situation, the country has cooperated well with UNHCR, particularly in improving the physical conditions of the facilities sheltering asylum-seekers from the country.
There were no copies of the file left at the court, which is exceptional.
Contents
A couple of years ago, he was invited to an important reception.
The briefings should take place immediately after Council meetings or informal consultations of the whole.
In the process of degradation of lignin the syringyl structure is preferential to be oxidized and dissolved.
All too rarely are prosecutions built on painstaking forensic and other investigative work which would reduce the need to rely upon witnesses.
Under such circumstances, it had become all the more difficult not only to achieve the three pillars of sustainable development, but also to meet the MDGs, particularly with regard to poverty eradication.
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Two United Nations Plaza, Room DC2-1949
Estimate 2010-2011: 35 per cent
Rapporteur: Ms. Nicole Ann Mannion (Ireland)
At the front pad of the fingertip (opposite the fingernail), the flesh is thicker.
You then would copy back all your data files and re-install your programs.
28. The Forum recognised the importance of mainstreaming adaptation within finance and economic planning at their national level and called for mobilisation of resources for adaptation and the consideration of all the implications of adaptation needs, options and requirements.
The level of multilateral contributions provided to WFP has declined in recent years.
110. The Board is of the view that given the prevailing specific circumstances of each mission the rigid use of a standard fuel consumption rate may not be the most realistic and prudent basis on which to budget, especially without proper consideration of historical trends in relation to aircraft fuel consumption.
There's quite a lot of this sort of thing around these days, and we confidently predict a lot more in the near future.
"provoked at such a disparagement of her powers, the old frog made one more trial ,and burst herself indeed.So men are ruined by attempting greatness to which they have no claim
He has been a long confinement to bed.
(ii) the stabilization the country and the restoration of State authority over the whole territory of the country;
During the week ending 30 May 1998, the Security Council took action on the following items:
The planning framework is aimed at ensuring that all Palestine refugees derive maximum benefit from the Agency's work which should include the continuation of human development trends that have been set in motion by the Agency since its early years.
B What time's your flight?
In particular, please indicate to what extent are these languages used in education.
(14) The Committee notes with concern the vague and extremely wide reservation which the State party entered in relation to articles 7 and 12 of the Covenant.
On the issue of climate, the burden to act first and to act most rests squarely with the industrial nations, particularly the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) members.
For international legal and political purposes, Gibraltar would remain a non-independent, dependency of the United Kingdom.
TPL filed separate claim forms for each of several projects, a claim form for various losses that were not attributable to a specific project and a claim form for foreign exchange losses and financing costs.
Fifth Committee
Why has the creative jurisprudence developed at the ICTY in The Hague not left its mark at the ICTR?
It is anticipated that he will take up his functions as Prosecutor on 1 March 2009 following my determination whether the Special Tribunal may start functioning on that date, in accordance with article 5, paragraph 2, and article 19, paragraph 2, of the annex to resolution 1757 (2007).
incorporated under the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32); or
Forbidden Phrases1.Relax. It might seem logical to you to tell a woman who's freaking out to relax.
Implementation of phase 1 of a document management system to streamline processes for human resources document management and to meet the document and classification needs for day-to-day operational requirements, as well as for archiving purposes, including the official status files of staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support at Headquarters
UNCTAD should continue its substantive and technical work in the area of commodities, and donor countries should enhance their contribution to UNCTAD for the implementation of the recommendations.
CYP2B6
These books are organized according to subject, title, and author in a central file caned the card catalog.
August Herman Pfund
By making a fractal mathematical model, the dispersion of granules which are close to bubble is quantitatively assessed.
The experiments of micro-pump includes test of the output force and operating time and the selection of operating voltage.
Rajiv is a chronic alcoholic, her world is shattered.
The smallest, the most fragrant blossoms bedecked the girls.
Narinder Singh (India)
Third Committee
National staff: decrease of 8 posts (abolishment of national General Service staff posts)
Measures criminalizing any form of freedom of expression should be revoked, except insofar as they constitute permissible and legitimate restrictions.
The International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination has now been ratified by 158 States, constituting the normative basis upon which international efforts to eliminate racial discrimination should be built.
Tel: 2827 0668
    Cultural Plaza
Accordingly, the African Union extended the mandate of the Mission to 31 December 2006 and will need continuing support from the donor community to maintain its presence in Darfur.
Chervone, Zhytomyr Oblast
They count workers'welfare as one of their major responsibilities.
193.It's about time.
A woman wants to be determined and you bid good-bye, do not presumptuouslythink to be possible again stay behind hers person and the heart.
(a) To recognize the right to education on the basis of equal opportunity by making primary education available, free and compulsory for all children, by ensuring that all children, particularly girls, children in need of special protection, children with disabilities, indigenous children, children belonging to minorities and children of different ethnic origins, have access without discrimination to education of good quality, as well as making secondary education generally available and accessible for all, in particular by the progressive introduction of free education, bearing in mind that special measures to ensure equal access, including affirmative action, contribute to achieving equal opportunity and combating exclusion;
We think of our code as craft — hence the name of the blog.
Challenges in implementation
(b) Principles on what information could be transferred to different stakeholders and how that transfer could take place
Senior Controller of Posts, Mr WONG Kwok-ping - Medal of Honour
Edward Cardinal Egan led a team of priests to begin giving last rites.
 7. The situation concerning Rwanda.
42. Children and armed conflict.
I also congratulate the Conference for having adopted the joint Presidents' initiative, which strengthens this structure as it is going through a crucial and promising period.
(a) Number and percentage of the trainees actually becoming part of trade negotiating teams or their continued work related to trade and the environment
AMADA your satisfaction is our relentless pursuit!
In July 2009, in Amman, Jordan, ESCWA co-organized with telecentre.org the "Telecentres' Leaders Forum".
23. Availability and accessibility of functioning hospitals and clinics are essential to the enjoyment of the right to health.
Outstanding contributions from Member States for strategic deployment stocks amounted to $13.6 million as at 31 December 2005.
There will be informal "informals" of the Second Committee on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.9, A/C.2/58/L.11, A/C.2/58/L.14 and A/C.2/58/L.13, organized by the Permanent Mission of Croatia, today, 6 November 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Room C-209A.
UNDP: FINANCIAL, BUDGETARY AND ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS
Is meniscus of the side outside genu torn off how Mo cure?
Article11 A complainant choosing to present an opinion, proposal or request through personal appearance shall go to a reception site established or designated by the relevant administrative authority.
New York, 1-12 July 2002
Now, I should like to reiterate my strong hope that the draft resolution will be adopted with overwhelming support.
Walter is filled with water pipes to maintain human body temperature, and test the transfer of heat between the body and the blouse.
) say something to someone to criticize someone or say something unpleasant directly to them instead of saying it to someone else.
The Working Group highlighted that the full cooperation of States and international organizations is essential for the establishment and maintenance of such a network.
later: Mr. STEIN (Germany) (Vice-Chairman)
Mr. Bazoberry Otero (Plurinational State of Bolivia), speaking on behalf of GRULAC, noted with satisfaction the increase in technical cooperation delivery to US$ 124 million in 2008, the excellent funds mobilization performance and the record sum available for future implementation.
Films directed by Tom Shadyac
Fixed assets shall be accounted for at historical cost as obtained.
On April 5, 1995, China made another official statement, reiterating its unconditional provision of "negative security assurance" to all non-nuclear-weapon states, at the same time undertaking to provide these nations with "positive security assurance.
9. During the course of 2009 and 2010, the Permanent Secretary of the Côte d'Ivoire national authority for the Chemical Weapons Convention has been coordinating efforts with the ISU to promote Côte d'Ivoire's ratification.
Recalling also that, by paragraph 5 of its resolution 52/217, it agreed to defer the consideration of the pension entitlement for members of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda proposed in the report of the Secretary-General A/52/520. until the review of the report of the Secretary-General on the emoluments and pension scheme of members of the International Court of Justice submitted to the General Assembly at its current session, A/C.5/53/11.
Further, the Committee questions the concept that while located outside of the region, the new Special Envoy would be working and available full time in the region.
First, it is more exposed to the global credit crunch as a result of its previous reliance on large capital inflows.
The normal size of the ERTs for individual reviews should be established as:
Faced with these restrictions, refugees depend upon aid to meet basic needs.
Although the illegal legislation did not explicitly discriminate among nationalities, discrimination nevertheless existed because Falkland Islands status could be granted only by the representative of the British Government.
It was working with other United Nations agencies and some national actors to strengthen national capacity to address the risks of irregular youth migration.
Jake: How long ago? A few months or a few years?
"Also welcomes the fact that eighty-seven States have signed the Convention and twenty-one have ratified or acceded to it, enabling its entry into force on 23 December 2010, and calls upon States that have not yet done so to consider signing, ratifying or acceding to the Convention as a matter of priority, as well as to consider the option provided for in articles 31 and 32 of the Convention regarding the Committee on Enforced Disappearances."
After close therewith remain be able to bear or endure gram and double star.
I. Introduction
Certain robots are used to do work dangerous to man.
 The need for Angola to reconstruct its national fabric is essential. This, in our opinion, is a multifaceted endeavour.
Even though no specific request had been made for its inclusion on the agenda of the twentieth or twenty-first Meeting, they maintained that the item could be considered by the present or a future Meeting.
The Partnership Office, which will bring under one umbrella the Global Compact Office and UNFIP, will be well placed to build on lessons learned thus far, as well as to enhance quality assurance and provide a more solid institutional framework in support of new and promising initiatives.
The meeting rose at 5.45 p.m.
The sponsors developers and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.
The Council began its consideration of the item.
Rough set is a mathematical approach to study imprecise, uncertain or incomplete information or knowledge.
Belgium also expressed concern at the fact that trafficking in women for sexual exploitation had persisted despite the existence of concrete measures to combat it.
Welcome to old navy!
(d) To participate in activities organized at international level related to the collection of data on illicit drugs.
Permit Requirement for 2005 and Report on Past Activities in 2004 for Scheduled Chemicals and Unscheduled Discrete Organic Chemicals under Chemical Weapons (Convention) Ordinance, Cap. 578
Periodic Reports to USCE The works department should report to USCE at least once every 12 months on the following:projects/plans of tree felling and/or replanting that have taken place during the report period; summary data of where, when and what (number, age, species) of trees felled; the number, age, whereabouts and species of trees planted; and summary findings of post-planting monitoring exercises.
The sites will continue to expand in months to come.
General Assembly and Conference Management.
Preparation of non-expendable property and expendables data for conversion to IPSAS.
When entertaining a dispute arising from general average that has not been adjusted, the maritime court may commission an adjustment institution to have it adjusted.
(f) CD/1452, dated 27 March 1997, submitted by the delegations of Chile, Finland and Poland, entitled “Proposal to appoint a Special Coordinator on Anti-Personnel Landmines”.
The State party should strengthen its efforts to prevent domestic violence, especially against women and girls, and should encourage victims to report cases to the authorities.
Official communiqué of the 6957th (closed) meeting of the Security Council
Parties have two days to appeal the results before they are certified.
Since the beginning of 2011, equity prices in developed markets have risen by some 50 per cent, with prices in emerging markets falling by almost 20 per cent.
In recognition of the developments, his country had resumed normal diplomatic relations with Israel.
 The cost estimates were based on the assumption that services would be provided under commercial contracts from 1 August 1995 at $1.1 million per month for a total of $7.6 million.
Environmental Law needs prompt and proper adjustments and updates to actualize its vital role in environment protection;
The visit by the Board of Executive Directors of the World Bank to the Economic and Social Council in February, the special high-level meeting of the Council with the Bretton Woods institutions at the end of April, the visit by Council Ambassadors to Washington in May and the planned visit of the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund to New York in October, all give testimony that there are genuine understanding and cooperation in our common goal of achieving development for all humankind, and most especially the eradication of poverty.
Is necessary design information regularly documented, transmitted and reviewed by them?
African Group (Third Committee experts)
There was but little wind that day, and the sea was as smooth as glass.
But the United Nations can do so only if its structures are reformed to make them democratic and representative.
I would caution against undue optimism.
Notification of Termination of Studies [ID 977]
Guo Shiqiang
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that this manner of recording financial transactions was possible within the framework of the United Nations system accounting standards but would not be under IPSAS.
The Committee regrets the delay in rotating the Bell-212 helicopter and expects that, in future, every effort will be made to ensure that letter-of-assist arrangements are clear to all parties at the time of signature.
They grow rose, we were at ease.
He's dead, he said.
9. The Israel Defense Forces continued its occupation of the northern part of Ghajar village and an adjacent area of land north of the Blue Line, in violation of resolution 1701 (2006).
Meanwhile, however, it should be noted that in contract law (contracts and quasi-contracts), women, like men, are governed by French law, in this case the Civil Code applicable in French West Africa.
Ekman, who is now a leading figure in his profession, wanted to know whether he could isolate facial expressions to help diagnose mental disorders.
A total of 691 educational financial awards have now been awarded to Manitoba women attending community colleges.
I thought I would nominate Sam. He's good at shooting and is nice to everyone.
He waited patiently for the fish to tire.
The application of wet ground sericite to natural rubber and styrene -  butadiene  rubber was described.
41. The improvement and strengthening of a formal and non-formal juvenile justice system, in conformity with international standards for child protection, has been identified as a priority by the local authorities working towards legal reform and juvenile justice in "Somaliland", as well as by partner organizations working on child rights and protection.
However consumer groups are unhappy all the same.
It is hoped that this paper will provide reference for carrying out ECPGD in provincial power gird in the future.
Such principles as selygovernment , or freedom, or social welfare, are not static but dynamic.
(14) While noting that international instruments become effective as domestic legislation upon the entry into force of the laws on their ratification or accession, the Committee is concerned by the delegation's statement that judges have limited knowledge of international instruments, including the Convention.
(e) Dispense with its legacy regulatory roles in investment and transfer of technology registration; and
A person always can say to want commIt'suicide for fun, what psychology is this?
We make virtually no contribution to the emissions of greenhouse gases which cause the problem.
Are co-operation with the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Automation, a joint venture of large enterprises.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/65/L.42/Rev.1)]
One such global environmental priority is the Strategic Plan for Biodiversity for 2011 - 2020 adopted by the Parties to the Conference on Biological Diversity.
 The videotape, however, showed an orderly demonstration, completely lacking in any act or threat of confrontational harassment of any Cuban employee.
These constructions of masculinity are present even within the family relationship.
Objective:To evaluate the efficacy and safety of cielopirox olamine ointment in the treatment of superficial cutaneous mycosis.
Saint-Hélen
He looked down and saw that his chest was covered with mud. There was a turtle sitting by his bed.
Women also have to travel to the district centres for appointments with medical specialists.
Table 22.14 Resource requirements: subprogramme 2
He called upon UNIDO, all development partners and the donor community to offer their cooperation.
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations that have provided protection and assistance to internally displaced persons and have supported the work of the Representative of the Secretary-General;
53. The Committee requests the State party to provide, within two years, written information on the steps taken to implement the recommendations contained in paragraphs 21 (b) and (c) and 25 (a).
In addition to providing substantial financial support to UNDCP, the annual DAPC campaigns also increase public awareness in Japan of the dangers of drug abuse.
1732
65. In line with instructions issued by Headquarters, all United Nations international staff was evacuated from Afghanistan after 22 August 1998.
And behold, one who resembled a human being was touching my lips; then I opened my mouth and spoke and said to him who was standing before me, "O my lord, as a result of the vision anguish has come upon me, and I have retained no strength
The Assembly affirmed that the United Nations should be an exemplary employer, agreed that legal assistance to staff should continue to be provided, and supported the strengthening of a professional office of staff legal assistance.
The HR Committee recommended in 2003 that Equatorial Guinea put an end to the culture of impunity for perpetrators of torture and ill-treatment.
The Board noted the importance of strong partnerships in the field following an update on the humanitarian action work undertaken by OHCHR, including the cluster coordination by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee.
Rewards shall be given according to the merits to those who have reported the crime of producing or selling fake and low-quality commodities, while their legal rights and interests shall be protected.
IV. Conclusions 70 - 71 17
Under the draft decision, parties would be requested to review their phytosanitary and other traderelevant standards requiring the use of methyl bromide with a view to allowing the use of alternative treatments or procedures that provided an appropriate level of protection; they would also be requested to refrain from classifying uses of methyl bromide as quarantine and preshipment uses when such a classification was not consistent with the definitions of quarantine and preshipment applications agreed upon by the parties in decisions VII/5 and XI/12. The Technology and Economic Assessment Panel and its Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee would be requested to provide the Open-ended Working Group, at its thirty-first meeting, with an assessment of the technical and economic feasibility of alternatives for methyl bromide treatments in the four main categories of use, the impact of the implementation of those alternatives, and the impact of restricting the quantities of methyl bromide production and consumption for all quarantine and pre-shipment uses.
Given the increasing importance of combating emerging challenges and the significance accorded by the United Nations to developing comprehensive cooperation with regional organizations, the adoption of a draft resolution on cooperation between the United Nations and the Collective Security Treaty Organization is now on our agenda.
They may become more solitary and even suffer from certain mental illness. 78
Again, developed markets recuperated quickly shortly thereafter, but emerging markets failed to rebound.
Some are more important than others, not better or more advanced, just more important.
So they both went to Jericho
A strong and open contempt Play Sifu Sifu people.
Notable among them is the labour force measurement framework based on the activity principle, priority rule, one-hour criterion and short reference period of measurement.
4. Recognizes that the continuing negotiation of a legally binding instrument on mercury, including its financing mechanisms, is a parallel process that should not be delayed or prejudged by the consultative process on financing options for the sound management of chemicals and wastes, and invites the intergovernmental negotiating committee to prepare a global legally binding instrument on mercury to consider, as appropriate, the outcome document of the consultative process and the final report of the Executive Director;
To facilitate the making of informed purchasing decisions by the general public, OFTA has proposed requiring class licensees to provide essential information, such as company name, company registration number, service hotline number and tariff information when services are offered to consumers.
The Association of Former Diplomats of China is composed of former Chinese ambassadors, counsellors and other diplomats, with a membership of over 2,500 individuals.
5. Truth commissions generally cover extended historical periods, which allows them to identify patterns of violence or systemic violations.
4. Decision 3/COP.10 requested the Executive Secretary to report to the COP at its eleventh session on the implementation of the decision and the results achieved.
Ambassadors of Ukraine to China
The application of these concepts has required the revision of a number of laws and regulations to enable individual and collective freedoms to be guaranteed and protected and the State of law, democracy and plurality to be consolidated.
The General Assembly recognized the strong demand that the Council is placing on interpretation capacity at the Office and authorized an additional team of interpreters for 2008-2009.
We're going to consider how composition can improve your photographs.
Furthermore, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) noted that the country reports of the Special Rapporteur were an excellent source of information for its work, including the preparation of the country visits of the OSCE Special Representative and Coordinator for Combating Trafficking in Human Beings.
Basing access to public service on equal opportunity and general principles of merit, and providing secured tenure, ensures that persons holding public service positions are free from political interference or pressures.
The majority of the population (85 per cent) is Roman Catholic, with other Christian denominations also represented.
This shop turns over no less than 100 pounds a day.
22. UNCTAD's management should deploy every effort to proceed speedily with recruitment and appointments so as to reduce the current excessive vacancy rate.
Although a great car enthusiast, she prefers to drive a low-key SUV and has a comfortable and fairly understated lifestyle.
I've got a couple of applications on the go.
125. That Section of the Act, together with the rest of the embargo measures, was thus used to support the ruling of the New York Court which deprived the Cuban-French joint venture Havana Club Holding of its rights to register and potentially market Havana Club Cuban rum in the United States, a ruling that has caused incalculable economic losses to the Cuban people.
Mr Ndiaye Cheikh Sylla
Andrew Walls
3. Project evaluation conclusions have indicated constraints resulting from an unclear definition of objectives, poorly defined strategies and a lack of explicit identification of the steps needed to achieve each objective.
The State has had to severely curtail the funds allotted to finance important economic and scientific research.
Together with many other States, Austria has also pledged to work towards the goal of concluding by 2008 a legally binding instrument that would prohibit the use, production, transfer and stockpiling of cluster munitions that cause unacceptable harm to civilians and establish a framework for cooperation and assistance that ensures adequate provision of care and rehabilitation to survivors and their communities, clearance of contaminated areas, risk education and destruction of stockpiles of prohibited cluster munitions.
It serves the poorest of the poor, irrespective of caste, creed, race and religion.
However, heading into the long weekend holiday, we should expect some sorts of profit taking efforts.
I believe that there will be a Chinese Nobel Prize winner in biology and medicine within the next decade.
Process implement includes deployment, execution, monitoring and control of process.
Disarmament Commission
19. Norway welcomed UNHCR's expressed desire to explore new approaches to funding and to reconsider certain questions relating to UNHCR's operating methods.
Zhuangzi's epistemology and positivism are combined with each other.
To be sure, China overcame a similar challenge in its public sector from 1998 to 2001.
Bully
In the Arab States, UN-Women promoted implementation of the conclusions of fifty-seventh session of the Commission on the Status of Women, supporting national efforts to address violence against women in Egypt and Palestine through innovations such as the "Safe Cities" programme, or working with national police forces.
Talk to all the characters in the parlor again.
20. The members of the Security Council encourage the President of the Council to suggest, through consultations with interested members and/or the Secretariat, as appropriate, a few areas for Council members and the Secretariat to focus on at the Council's next informal consultations, without the intention of prescribing the scope of discussion, at least one day before the consultations are to be held.
Bureau meeting of the International Criminal Court (organized by the Permanent Mission of Jordan)
This turns out to be very difficult and there is not a complete answer.
Morgan Hurd
Condemning in the strongest possible terms the attempts to usurp the will of the people and undermine the integrity of the electoral process and any progress in the peace process in Côte d'Ivoire,
These are all part of government effort to ease the power shortage.
In addition, the Committee notes that the State party has provided no explanation of why summary proceedings were necessary in this case, particularly in light of the fact that the incident leading to the charge had not been made in the "face of the court".
Strengthen AMCOW as a key regional mechanism, and other regional stakeholders, as relevant, for promoting cooperation on water and sanitation;
Currently, the Department has 40 Professional posts in the United Nations information centres and field offices.
The next morning we got up in the dark as before, but the water was frozen, so we could not wash.
Key future priorities for Africa and its partners included continued efforts on political and economic reform, focus on growth and achievement of the Millennium Development Goals, and acceleration of regional integration.
Such agreements will be necessary to enable the SDGs to consider human rights, the environment, and development holistically.
Para. 368
Drop dead and die. catchy.
The Committee recommends that the State party urgently adopt the decree to implement Act No. 2005/006 of 27 July 2005 on refugee status.
It also disagrees with the provisions of article 38, paragraphs 2 and 3, concerning the participation and recruitment of children from the age of 15.
64. Given the escalation of criminality and the sophistication of criminal activity, vast proportions of domestic resources had been consumed in crime control operations worldwide.
Those United Nations specialized organizations present reiterated their interest in the Convention and their readiness to cooperate and share their experience.
Mozambique
The GROOTS Global Facilitator and a member of the GROOTS Steering Committee led the facilitation of the event.
26. Additional information
Sometimes I think the government here treats people like children.
According to some interpretations, this imposes a legal obligation on Member States.
The prime minister's statement in a CNN interview marked the first time he publicly called for the disarmament of the Mahdi Army.
5 April 2012
18. Most of the violations reported are to be considered in the context of a 10-year civil war in the south, which has caused famine and the displacement of millions of Sudanese inside the country and the flight of many others to neighbouring countries.
Office of Film and Literature Classification
The Special Committee took into consideration the recommendations of that seminar in formulating its future plans.
It referred to recent reports suggesting that the practice occurred regularly.
19. Recommends that all Governments intensify their efforts in the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system of which they are members to accord priority to the question of providing assistance to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
  Airbus and Boeing do not have much to worry about yet, but China's aviation industry is developing rapidly and the goal of building a wide-bodied airliner is not out of the question.
In addition, § 12 of the Constitution prohibits discrimination on the basis of nationality and language.
ILO International Labour Organization
Without ideal, there is no secure direction; without direction , there is no life .
But on October 11th the company said that it would float its businesses outside Western Europe within the next year and a half.
633. Since 1930, the first stage of secondary public education has been free.
Most of them were theory researches, mainly on kinematical planning and optimization, especially in the case of obstacle avoidance.
442. It is noted with satisfaction that New Zealand has decided to mark the first year of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People by designating 1995 as the Year of the Maori language.
Information based on forecasts provided by the
The OHCHR management plan for 2010-2014 includes as one of its six thematic priorities a strategy on "Strengthening human rights mechanisms and the progressive development of international human rights law" with a view to better integrating the work of the human rights mechanisms including the treaty bodies into the broader OHCHR workplan.
Often, the “performance” by the contractor that triggers the owner’s obligation to pay the advance is simply the signing of the contract by the contractor.
The attrition have last year he transferred to the charge of the general affairs sister-in-law?
In accordance with article 9, paragraph 2, of the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit, the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the General Assembly the programme of work of the Joint Inspection Unit for 2004.
(g) Implementation of the out of school children education programme; and
A young doctor at a Melbourne hospital has followed a hunch that may unlock the secrets of swine flu and lead to new treatments for those most at risk from the disease.
The Subcommittee had before it information concerning the application of the Association of Remote Sensing Centres in the Arab World for permanent observer status with the Committee (A/AC.105/C.2/2011/CRP.11).
In addition, there is the fact that, given the large increase in membership in recent years, from a purely numerical point of view, the Council does not reflect the Organization's present-day composition.
I wish he would stop picking at the little girl so much.
Her delegation looked forward to the Committee's recommendations and was confident that they would enhance her Government's efforts to promote the protection of rights under the Convention.
(c) Attempts to commit, or all forms of participation in, the offences covered by the Optional Protocol are not always punished under federal and state legislation.
21 January 2014
Bucu, Ialomița
Yes, this is my youngest son Robbie.
With investment unlikely to become a motor for the German economy, consumption holds the key to stronger demand growth in Germany.
Major League Baseball offered its first live production of a single game on the Internet in August of last year.
Is the warfare between the sheep and the flowers not important
During the reporting period, UNODC continued to implement a project on access to legal aid in Africa in partnership with the Paralegal Advisory Service Institute, funded by the United Nations Democracy Fund.
49. The Committee considered a number of requests from Gulf States to open marine service lines to Iraq.
Russia’s ability to negotiate its current predicament hinges on its powerful president, Vladimir Putin.
As part of efforts to respond to these challenges in the area of peacekeeping, the Council rightly devoted a meeting last year to discuss peacekeeping activities in the pursuit of international peace and security.
14. International pressure
Find the magnitude of the average acceleration during the interval.
How much do you want to change
Article 30 The State shall establish the national land management information system to conduct dynamic monitoring of the utilization of land.
The School of Pharmacy will celebrate its 20th anniversary in 2012, Professor Lee envisions a doubling in the size of the teaching staff and that of the undergraduate student population, a tripling in the size of extramural research funds as well.
32. The Committee is concerned at the insufficient coordination between various ministries, as well as between the central and local authorities, in the implementation of policies for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child.
In this context, the drafting of an optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights should stimulate strengthened legal protection of these rights. Paragraphs
He bumped my chin with his knuckles.
87. The Fono Ayuda telephone helpline, which was set up to allow children and adolescents to lodge complaints, was reorganized in 2009 to offer three services: a helpline, one-to-one advice and emergency intervention and is open 15 hours each day.
Borane–tetrahydrofuran
United Nations Observer Mission in Angola
If a tie results among more than two candidates, the number shall be reduced to two by lot and the balloting, restricted to them, shall continue in accordance with the preceding paragraph.
II. Organization of the session
It held $785 million of Lehman Brothers commercial paper and medium-term notes when the investment bank filed for bankruptcy protection Sept. 15.
The fuel pump relay is located in the Power Distribution Center ( PDC ).
What happened? where's monica? what happened to monica?
Roccapiemonte
ILO Convention No. 105 concerning the Abolition of Forced Labour (20 December 1996)
Decisions on competence
The above-mentioned suspension of the four-year limit, and the authorization to reappoint under the 100 series of the Staff Rules those mission staff whose service under 300series contracts had reached the four-year limit were subsequently extended by the General Assembly to 31 December 2008 and 30 June 2009 in its decision 62/549 and resolution 63/250 of 24 December 2008, respectively.
Agriculture (livestock): Improved data collection methods
Condemn or bad mouth old or past employers.
While the contributions to the partial reconstruction of the Nahr el-Bared camp were welcome, Lebanon reiterated its call for the full disbursement of the pledges made by donors.
A concerted effort should be made by senior management to implement policies and strategies that would accelerate progress towards achieving gender balance and support the efforts of developing countries to establish and promote mechanisms to encourage women to apply for positions, including in areas where women were underrepresented, such as peacekeeping and peacebuilding, as well as other non-traditional areas.
GM's architect, Alfred Sloan, never had Henry Ford's entrepreneurial or technical genius, but he had organisation.
The important contribution of the Group of 21 to efforts to identify a programme of work in this Conference, including the idea of establishing an ad hoc committee on nuclear disarmament, should not be discounted.
[Editorial] Ivy League Univ. President
Proposal submitted by Japan: Elements of crimes: article 8, paragraph 2 (b) (i) to (xvi)
Today, mankind entered a new era.
The article provides for the possible exclusion from patentability of certain innovations in order to protect human, animal or plant life or health other than microorganisms, and essentially biological processes for the production of plants and animals other than nonbiological and microbiological processes.
Rule 23
It welcomes Portugal's support for East Timor University as well as practical training for East Timorese youth and proposes that Indonesia provide further opportunities for East Timorese to have a greater role in the administration of the Territory.
The Permit Holder shall notify the Director two weeks prior to the commencement of works.
'I've been looking after my aunt, sir, who's just died. '
Describes the format and purpose of the upgrade report.
Here they had been trying to create a weekend idyll for the urban middle classes.
Anyway, please keep me informed.
F. Firearms
I should like to take this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, for his constant support for the peace-loving foreign policy of Turkmenistan.
(d) For the organizations of the United Nations system to work to a set of agreed best practice guidelines in ICT matters, based on industry standards, and that minimum standards should be established and adhered to for information governance, including disaster recovery and business continuity;
" I WANT A NIGHTMARE Before the final examination, Tom told his mother, "Mom, I had a dream last night that I' passed today's exam.
Paragraphs (1), (2) and (3)
The specific needs of street children require innovative responses that avoid institutionalization and formal intervention by law enforcement and judicial authorities and that avoid making it a crime to be a street child.
UNSOA clarified the fact that, as part of a Remote Management Strategy, UNSOA and AMISOM had established the Joint Support Operations Centre which has been operational since November 2010.
PBB/3972
The Administration anticipates that the process will be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2012.
The sentence to North Korea’s infamous prison camps came despite repeated appeals for clemency from the journalists’ families.
The report is no reason to panic-or even to lost sleep
Landepéreuse
The effect of the change should, if material be disclosed and quantified.
Liang Yanfeng
China practices a strict system of financial appropriation of defense funds.
UNITED NATIONS CONFERENCE ON TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT
This paper reports the researches of dynamic spalling problems of copper plates under the explosive loading by the theory and experimental methods.
These centres are found in all the governorates, except in the southern region.
The temptation to preserve these weapons was enormous.
189. One P-4 (Geneva) and one P-3 (Nairobi) posts funded by UNHCR were not filled.
The situation of Sami women was covered in each of the seminars.
119. Subsequent to its preliminary exchange of views on the outcome of the work of the informal working group, the Conference had before it the revised draft decision on technical assistance activities submitted by the President.
Paragraph 1 of Article 4 ("General obligations") establishes the procedure by which parties exercising their right to prohibit the import of hazardous wastes or other wastes for disposal shall inform the other parties of their decision.
However, there would be a risk of disconnection among the chambers on substantive issues, which might result in inconsistency of interpretation.
11. Invites intergovernmental regional organizations and arrangements to institutionalize dialogue among themselves on joint actions to promote and consolidate democracy and democratic practices in all areas;
Thirdly, Grid is used to model the robot global path planning workspace. For convexification with two times, the state of basic ant colony algorithms fell into colony algorithms is reduced.
In April, two British journalists from The Sunday Telegraph were freed after spending 10 days in a squalid Harare jail.
The list of 34 candidates can be found in paragraph 8 of document A/59/887 and the two withdrawals in document A/59/887/Add.1.
The Committee notes that the Panel was established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1874 (2009), in which the Council requested the Secretary-General to create a panel of up to seven experts, for an initial period of one year, to carry out the tasks assigned in paragraph 26 of the resolution.
All the islands have an island women's organisation with various offshoots and they make their plans in conjunction with island's development plans and needs.
This paper presents the turbine model acceptance test and the test results of Feilaixia hydropower station.
The focus on the business facilitation and the formalization of enterprises is key to position developing country firms to take advantage of opportunities to create and deliver value in national and global value chains.
I have been living a different life.
Setting up a detector electronics system is straightforward because standardized building blocks can be bought.
After receiving such a request, the approving authority shall and all relevant documents to the board.
H.E. Mr. Gérard Araud
Since UNIDO's programmes are presented thematically, they often cover services provided by several organizational entities. This has necessitated the allocation of the operational and management costs of these programmes between them.
 In the absence of an external environment to support their national development efforts, many developing countries continue to languish in poverty, backwardness and stagnation, and even to experience negative economic growth.
"The Security Council reiterates the need to strengthen justice institutions and to fight impunity in order to contribute to stabilization and reconciliation, and calls on the Central African authorities to take concrete steps, without delay, to achieve this objective as a matter of priority.
Efforts to boost prevention and control of AIDS, and initiatives to ensure availability of and access to medicines for people with AIDS have played a significant part in bringing about advances in the fight against this disease.
Sexual violence committed by United States military personnel in Japan
They are using a weighbridge to weigh the sand.
Introductory remarks were made by the Vice-President of the Council, Jaime Moncayo (Ecuador) and the moderator of the panel, José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs.
9. In addition to being the focus of the mission's management, the mission headquarters serves as the principal interface with the joint bodies outlined in the 20 June 2011 Agreement, including the Abyei Joint Oversight Committee, and relevant local actors.
You don't want to give away any more of your future 4) profits than you have to
A first subregional conference on democracy, organized by the Centre, in Malabo, in October 2009, provided a useful opportunity for representatives of Governments, national human rights institutions, civil society and international organizations to hold a public discussion on human rights in democratic processes, and to critically identify existing gaps and discrepancies between international standards and practices in Central Africa.
He took hold of the letter very roughly, and threw the verses away, so that the Flower fell on the ground.
Furthermore, for the first time in Ecuador's history, public hearings were held at which backgrounds of the nominees could be openly scrutinized.
The establishment of joint working groups for minority recruitment in each Federation canton has accelerated the inclusion of minorities in the Federation police.
20. Encourages African countries and their development partners to place people at the centre of government development action and to secure core investment spending in health, education and social safety nets;
Strategies to increase women's representation in parliament
what could she mean by it?
Her delegation shared the priorities of ODCCP and welcomed the reorganization of its work under its new Executive Director.
Such generalizations could have a negative impact on future reports.
2004-2005: 15 activities
If the probe sequence is able to hybridize tothe target, it will theand its fluorescence persists.
ill-informed of their rights; 61 per cent% acknowledged that domestic violence occurs in their community; only 1 per cent% are aware that free legal aid is available for victims of domestic violence, 4 per cent are aware% - that shelters exist, and only 26 per cent are aware% - that police can be called on in such cases.
18. Reaffirms the importance of the mediumterm strategy and benchmarks for measuring and tracking progress in TimorLeste and assessing the level and form of United Nations support while keeping the benchmarks under active review, and underlines the importance of ownership of the strategy by the leaders and people of TimorLeste in this process;
(h) States parties should ensure that the immigration status of the victim, the return of the victim to his or her home country or other absence of the victim from the jurisdiction does not prevent the payment of compensation;
3. The Working Group was established in accordance with resolution 1998/72 of the then Commission on Human Rights and, as endorsed by the Economic and Social Council in decision 1998/269, as a follow-up mechanism to make further progress towards the realization of the right to development, as elaborated in the Declaration on the Right to Development.
In recent decades, air quality in wealthy countries has vastly improved.
Given the special geographical situation of small island developing States, entire populations in those areas may be vulnerable.
Replace resolution 45/15 with the following:
How far from the tee does the ball strike the ground?
In a recent article in Zaobao, I stressed the importance of maintaining Singapore as a secular state and the separation of politics and religion.
Sri Lanka: case No. 916/2000 - Jayawardena (A/57/40): the State party informed the Committee, by note verbale of 29 October 2002, that the Government was looking actively into the Committee's Views.
The fact that the National High Court's ruling does not expressly refer to the new document submitted by the authors (the 1994 copy), which they themselves say was identical to the first photocopy (of 1997), can by no means be construed as an omission amounting to a violation of the principle of equality of arms.
Right - click the shortcut you just created, and on the shortcut menu, click Cut.
First, for military personnel, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations will focus largely on the development of course content, which will be delivered by Member States.
789. While welcoming the creation of a Strategic Task Force on Alcohol, the Committee is concerned about the reported increase in suicide rates among boys and adolescent males.
Transnational organized crime (new project)
We have to acquaint you that, in accordance with your instructions, we have this day drawn upon Messrs, tanaka ^ Co., at 60d/s for $200,000, inclusive of charges.
(b) To extend and strengthen public education and social mobilization campaigns on alternative nonviolent forms of discipline and childrearing, with the participation of children, in order to change public attitudes to corporal punishment and to strengthen its cooperation with the NGOs in this respect;
If these were commercial loans, creditors would consider restructuring them – extending the payment schedule and typically writing down principal.
It is a stark example of poor maternal and reproductive health and an indication of unacceptably high levels of maternal death and disability.
The extent of administrative support would depend on the activities and staffing pattern of the Permanent Secretariat to be decided by the Conference of the Parties, which would be the same regardless of location.
I left the bookstore, leaving my son continuing choosing books.
Preliminary government expenditure in the same period was CI$ 260.7 million, including CI$ 1.23 million transferred to the general and housing reserve funds.
I think we can adapt the approach from US.
Public investment in infrastructure (such as a massive expansion of the European railroad network), as well as climate protection and environmental technology, will be needed.
2. Recognizes the support provided by different countries of the international community in the situation in Chile after the earthquake and tsunami.
This hallmark is the Parker jeweler makers mark, and is used on all modern nibs by all modern manufacturers.
317. The documentation obtained by the Monitoring Group relates to the year 2008.
For the professionals placed in the programme in 2012, UNDP received $24 million in contributions and incurred $23.3 million in expenses.
As Austria has already explained two years ago, both articles seem redundant as, on the one hand, there can be no doubt that any breach of an international obligation entails international responsibility and, on the other hand, that any State can exercise the right of diplomatic protection in favour of its nationals.
Craig  Dunigan  wrote a Perl script to restart his Zope instance if it hung.
24. Requests the Executive Director to prepare a report, drawing on, among other things, ongoing work in other forums addressing:
20. The Kyoto Protocol, which entered into force in February 2005, supplements and strengthens the Convention, providing a framework for remedial and precautionary action to tackle adverse effects of climate change.
The variance is attributable to the one-time start-up acquisition of firearms and ammunition for the close protection training programme approved in 2009/10.
There is now unprecedented cooperation among the legal and security systems of our countries, but we need more resources in our struggle with this menace.
In respect of the prevention of recidivism, relevant paragraphs of the Guidelines for the Prevention of Crime include:
You think I don't understand his feelings toward his men?
Beyrie-en-Béarn
Belarusa*
But Muslims in Libya marked the start of Ramadan Sunday, and Iran will begin to observe the fasting month Tuesday.
 He hoped that the admission of South Africa would encourage States from other geographic regions to join the Committee during the current session.
Ye Xiu
Ninth Rafael M. Salas Memorial Lecture on "To the Summit and beyond - - Gender equality, reproductive health and the Millennium Development Goals" (to be delivered by the United Nations Special Envoy on HIV/AIDS for Asia and the Pacific) (organized by the United Nations Population Fund)
HD 73256 b
It is possible to strike fire from flint.
The Nepal Army has stored the number and types of weapons equivalent to those stored by the Maoist army, under the same procedures for registration and monitoring by UNMIN.
Sierra Leone would also qualify for additional debt relief under the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative, amounting to debt service savings of $609 million.
Brazil and the Asian tigers saw output fall but bounced back. The pattern, though, was variable.
Initially, the public was concerned about the safety of U.S. beef.
III. Submission of reports by States parties under article 40 of the Covenant
Manage " flagman sports " the merchant of net inn also by punishment arrest.
(a) In paragraphs 1 and 2, reference should be made to "notice" instead of "registration"; and
Yet this prosperous and peaceful Europe is not idyllic; sometimes Europe is not at all an easy place for its citizens to live, as the tumultuous Balkan Wars and painful postcommunist transitions of the past decade demonstrated.
(b) To assimilate emerging applications;
What Mother Teresa did reminds us that fashion is not the most important thing in life.
You'll avoid later problems by selling your true strengths and traits, not those you think the interviewer is looking for.4.
AIC, formerly Asia ISDN  Commit  - tee, commits itself to the prompting of ISDN application.
Operative Paragraph 9
Exploding whale
The Corporación Andina de Fomento (CAF), the Inter-American Development Bank (IBD), the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), public and private institutions, representatives of the academic world and entrepreneurs participated in this initiative.
This will let you gauge the response and level of interest from other people, feel for yourself where what resonates with you, and get feedback that will enable you to refine your idea.
The overall attention to these particular dimensions of the occupation helps keep attention on the centrality of the Palestinian right to and struggle for self-determination under conditions of prolonged occupation.
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF ALL HUMAN RIGHTS, CIVIL,
Facilities and infrastructure
In the last couple of decades of his life, Friedman kept his distance from the New Classical Economics which was based on rational expectations and rapid market clearing.
Adopted unanimously at the 6953rd meeting.
In 2000, the State formulated a development strategy for the western regions, with a focus on improving the environment for the survival and development of women and children living in mountainous areas, remote border areas and ethnic-minority areas.
68. The Special Rapporteur has expressed concern at cases in which lawyers have been sanctioned because of political activities, advocacy work, confusion between the lawyer's cause and his/her client's cause, and involvement in the legal representation of clients in sensitive cases.
JS1 also noted the growing of civil society consciousness in national development issues and the sprouting of new civil society organizations in response to specific social issues.
On 27 June 2011, the State party reiterates the information contained in its previous reply of December 2010 on the measures taken to give effect to the Committee's opinion.
The practice treats the woman as a commodity of exchange.
15. Calls also upon all Ivorian parties to take appropriate measures to refrain from, prevent and protect civilians from all forms of sexual violence, which could include, inter alia, enforcing appropriate military disciplinary measures, upholding the principle of command responsibility, and training troops on the categorical prohibition of all forms of sexual violence;
Establish mechanisms that will offer the victims of rape appropriate and adequate support and provide them with redress (Slovenia);
(i) Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management
People know that the Earth is a very interesting conclusion.
United States District Court for the Western District of Texas
For Screw Thread Micrometer, it only measures the pitch diameter of an external or internal thread.
Jordan Field Projects
He understood that the authors of that text were looking to the future.
6. In addition to these working—level talks in New York, Mr. Marker visited Indonesia and East Timor from 16 to 23 December 1997, and Portugal from 18 to 21 January 1998.
That is partly due to suspicions about the motives of some in the US who have jumped on the bandwagon.
The activities also provided member States with the tools and skills needed to formulate and implement effective poverty reduction strategies, including the capacity to integrate social development concerns into national development policies and strategies, with particular emphasis on poverty reduction, assessments and monitoring.
Simple common sense would show that the FARDC troops would never have run into Ugandan territory to UPDF with their arms if they knew or suspected that UPDF was supporting M23.
Yusheng Silver Jewelry is a company which came ofthe coastland of Guangdong Province.
UNICEF is fully committed to: (a) ratification of the 1997 Ottawa Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on Their Destruction; (b) mine awareness and education through the production of an animated film and comic books on the danger of landmines; and (c) programmes of national and international non-governmental organizations and local governments on the physical and psychosocial rehabilitation of landmine survivors.
Employment counselling services will be introduced, if necessary through local agreements.
Although the Special Rapporteur is pleased to report that their spirit is strong in spite of their long imprisonment, he condemns the practice as cruel and unacceptable and cannot accept the view of the authorities that this measure is provided for by national law.
Another important success came in December 2010 when the Federated States of Micronesia requested a transboundary environmental impact assessment regarding the life extension of a coal-fired power plant in the Czech Republic.
1 - Retrieve information from all columns. Output as array. Default.
Welcoming the conclusions and recommendations of the Tenth Session of the Intergovernmental Follow-up and Coordination Committee (IFCC-X) on Economic Cooperation among Developing Countries held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 18 to 23 August 2001, and of IFCC-XI held in Havana, Cuba, from 21 to 23 March 2005;
Trade enlarges markets by facilitating inter-country flows of goods and services and exchange of technology and information, thereby contributing to growth and development.
Education and support for mothers help reduce child mortality
A:  I did self-study of Japanese in college, and I can carry on some simple conversations in Japanese
Supporting the establishment of the University of Seychelles through a core module on the sustainable development of small island States, which includes issues such as climate change, management of ecosystem services, sustainable fisheries management and biodiversity and tourism.
What follows within this web site is a mix.
82. Belarusian legislation guaranteed the rights and freedoms of all children, and paid special attention to orphans, children without parental support, children with disabilities and those living in areas affected by the Chernobyl accident.
Aware that the Arab States have not yet held this important international post, despite their major contributions to the culture of human civilizations and the role of Arab States in driving dialogue among civilizations and promoting interaction among cultures,
Tuesday, 19 December 2006, from 9.45 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
(a) Social and economic.
Also, it should not be a source of concern for countries in our region which do not have aggressive intentions against my country.
 The IDF investigation, the findings of which were communicated to UNIFIL, indicated that the firing resulted from mistakes by Israeli personnel.
The complexity of the selection mechanisms would have required that preparation be well advanced at the present time.
19. Compared with the biennium ended 31 December 2007, total liabilities had increased by $8.1 million (3.9 per cent) to $214.5 million.
A flow of words is no proof of wisdom. She ismore beautiful than I image
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Watch yourself, coachman.
6.3 The Committee notes that, in the State party's view, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies since she did not consider the possibility of bringing the matter before the investigating judge and suing for damages in criminal proceedings under articles 72 and 73 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
 Extensive destruction has also taken place in a number of neighbourhoods in Kabul, such as the area of the university, the Silo area, Mirwais Maidan, Afshar, Karte S, Karte Char, Karte Nau, Kote Sangi and Khair Khana.
The results show that the axial load and rolling path waviness have a significant impact on fluctuation of friction torque. 5.
Her Government would consider becoming a party to such a convention.
The Chairperson then declared concluded the thematic discussion on other disarmament measures and international security and opened the thematic discussion on regional disarmament and security.
This is not an easy job, and it involves excruciating dilemmas of balancing conflicting human rights, the most important of which is the right to life itself.
62. Resettlement opportunities were expanded during the reporting period with Romania, Paraguay and Uruguay deciding to become resettlement countries and the latter two committing to join the Mexico Plan of Action's "Solidarity Resettlement Initiative".
There's no getting around it. Keyword research is a vitally important aspect of your search engine optimization campaign.
Sarai Mir
Date of communication: 7 March 2000 (initial submission)
64. Studies comparing the health status of rural children with that of children living in urban slums arrive at conclusions similar to those comparing rural children with the urban poor.
In conflict situations, resources are scarce and survivors become the priority.
:: Goal 8, by providing financial support to about 7,000 families and financing 100 solidarity projects.
Grandpa was a little shaky walking after the accident.
Moreover, due to poverty, a large number of them are not able to buy medications or to ensure a proper diet, indispensable for effective treatment.
At its fourteenth session, the Council will consider and adopt the final outcome of the review of the following countries: Qatar, Nicaragua, Italy, El Salvador, Gambia, Bolivia, Fiji, San Marino, Kazakhstan, Angola, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Madagascar, Iraq, Slovenia, Egypt and Bosnia and Herzegovina (see A/HRC/12/50, annex VI).
It can be inferred from the text that the retail price of petrol will go up dramatically if[A] price of crude rises. [B] commodity prices rise.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
We strongly hope that the international community will join us in this effort by taking the necessary actions to cooperate in protecting the atmosphere.
(b) Emerging issues, trends and new approaches to issues affecting the situation of women or equality between women and men
Rainfall distribution on 22 - 24 September 2008 (isohyets are in millimetres).
Today, I found I was rooted in China as I was 21 years old.
Country Term expires 31 December
Endorsement of a flawed plan is now a necessary but not a necessarily sufficient condition for stability.
Participatory video is an accessible, inclusive methodology that aims at facilitating communication among community members or different communities.
In determining the length of time within which creditors are permitted to make their existing rights effective against third parties, States should consider a number of practical questions.
Therefore a 3D simulation model should be applied to simulate flow field in Sheyang Estuary to fully take into consideration the effect of runoff. 3.
Although there were no specific industrial policy laws, there were laws in closely related fields, such as accounting and foreign investment.
Simultaneous applications combined with waivers to allow the exchange of confidential information can facilitate coordinated and more effective investigations.
They were morally corrupt, a curse upon society, a threat to the established order, and condemned to damnation.
All Number of United Nations entities that actively report on South-South cooperation in their strategic plans
 The ocean indeed provides a rich array of resources and possibilities that, if wisely used, could help eradicate malnutrition, alleviate poverty and improve the living conditions of peoples.
20. The Branch highlighted the need for increased resources to provide much-needed financial and human resources support to the paperless system, with a focus on maximizing its efficiency in meeting the increased workload of the Committee.
As to the issue of domestic remedies, the author argued that judicial review by the Federal Court is not a full appeal on the merits, but rather is "a very narrow ground of review for gross errors of law", for which leave to appeal must be obtained.
Risk Management and Legal Service
In certain areas, tasks hitherto performed by a company now have to be performed by a platoon-size unit.
Access to facilitation services involves a simple procedure, and licences are typically delivered within three days as the UIA no longer conducts field visits or due diligence.
We have no wish of seeing China go down the wrong path. But they do often feel that the government has not done enough and can be more generous with its budget for health care.
Although concerted efforts are underway to sensitize all the stakeholders, the efforts have to be straightened to review existing legislation to make it more child and women friendly and to protect women from violence.
Thailand could be adaptable in its dealing with distant empires.
26. Various clauses above may need to be adjusted to ensure their consistency with international law, as they could regrettably lead to "refoulement" of those who seek asylum.
Jessore Sadar Upazila
Preventive maintenance on three electrical substations
Time is life and when the idle man kills time , he  kills  himself.
During the 1700s, pople who attended the races wore a wide, loosely tied scarf, which started a new fashion trend known as the ascot
The group, which includes science researchers from NASA and the SETI Institute, planned to spend two days at the lake, but weather conditions forced them to give up some of their research, which included a planned dive into the frigid lake.
V. Observations
One of the root causes of prison overcrowding was the recurrent delays in the justice system.
As costs increase, employers often have workers pay more for doctor visits and other services.
China
You always say what you think even if it annoys people.
UNODC has promoted partnerships between affected Member States, international financial institutions, development actors and civil society with the aim of increasing the scope of the development assistance reaching poor farmers engaged in illicit drug crop cultivation.
Therefore, it is crucial for competition agencies to have the power to undertake such raids or unannounced visits to suspected cartel members' premises, as well as have the authority to access physical and virtual places of information, such as filing cabinets and computers, regardless of the authorization of company employees or managers.
The nuclear-weapon States must continue reducing their arsenals in accordance with their obligation assumed under article VI, as well as the 1995 resolution and decisions.
It helps local communities to overcome major obstacles to education that can ultimately lead to a better quality of life.
In Latin America and the Caribbean, building national capacities, enhancing national ownership and creating an enabling policy environment appeared to be more important than seeking South-South solutions or promoting gender equality.
CAMBRIDGE – Some ideas are intuitive.
telling someone to accept a bad situation or failure1. There's nothing you can do about it.
The business objective, which has traditionally been profits maximization, is transferred into value maximization.
The European Union was impressed by the scope of the project described in the Secretary-General’s report and planned to participate actively in its implementation.
His first impulse was to write but four words in reply  --  " Go to the devil! "
Strengthening border control capacities in Albania (ALBG70)
African civet
 Although these talks are still under way, they have already instilled a renewed sense of optimism about the prospects for the full and timely implementation of the peace process in Mozambique.
Nor has Iran provided information, as requested by the Agency, in connection with its announcement on 7 February 2010 that it possessed laser enrichment technology.
Consideration and adoption of the Sierra Leone Peacebuilding Cooperation Framework (PBC/2/SLE/1)
Each of them mounted fresh horses to start the night fight.
It's good to hit3 the books, but you need to get out once in a while.
We didn't run too many risks, except for that Erjon Bogdani header.
UNICEF also entered into one new framework agreement with a donor Government.
In accordance with the internal standards and guidelines of JIU and its internal working procedures, the methodology followed in preparing this report included a detailed desk review, questionnaires, interviews and in-depth analysis.
The car stands a little wider than its predecessor, with Renault having extended the track by 48mm at the front and 50mm at the back.
Speed of the Spread of Flu Is Linked to Airline Travel.
That would require improvement of the Organization's internal coordination.
(a) There will be no unforeseen situations originating from events deemed as force majeure;
The Kuwaiti associations of public benefit include five women's societies which are involved in work with women.
Jordan
The Special Representative welcomes the effort of the NGO Forum to organize a seminar in Kompong Thom in July 2001 bringing together the fishers, local authorities and national authorities in order to facilitate understanding of the situation and to permit the smooth implementation of the reforms.
Why do you always bring this up?
Um * I'll have the mushroom ravioli.
Firewall system is widely applied in foreign countries and Taiwan related legislation of financial holding company.
Contents
Target: 2006-2007: 40 coordination meetings
 16. While the Principles do not differentiate between Earth resource satellites and meteorological or other environmental satellites, there is, in practice, an important distinction with respect to ground resolution and frequency of coverage.
Alexander Vekman
Names by culture
RECOMMENDATION Para. 81
I guess she really liked the way how the letter was written.
Implementation of minimum operating security standards in all Mission buildings, including installation of closed-circuit television systems and blast film on all external and internal windows
ASTC Association of Science-Technology Centres
Notes: All food items (United Nations Statistics Division Standard International Trade Classification, codes 0+1+22+4)
 Similarly, CIS peacekeeping force engineers have assisted UNOMIG on several construction projects by providing heavy lift equipment.
2 June 1993
Confine her to a pod room.
Self - lubricating bearings are manufactured from a Teflon composite liner bonded to an aluminium shell.
There is no problem for me to get Bachelor Diploma based on my class studying and essay writing. I think I will return my hometown.
Can say, two people's feelings by two seemingly sound is same, yet so RongZa ably in the treasure contact together.
A pilot initiative to advocate for the rights of victims of sexual violence, including through an assessment of the existing mechanisms for remedies and reparations for such victims, is also being developed.
(23) The Committee reiterates its concern about the stigmatization of human rights defenders and their families, the high incidence of threats, the frequent attacks on their safety and the lack of effective protection measures.
carry away rapidly and secretly, as if mysteriously.
It calls on the State party to consider the introduction of non-transferable parental leave for fathers to increase the number of men that share responsibility for childcare and child-rearing.
It was recommended that national monitoring of nationally owned strategies be encouraged.
(f) Further expressing concern regarding the protection of the rights of children detained by AFP and other security forces because of their alleged association with armed groups as well as regarding the public release of the names and pictures of children, labelling them as alleged members of armed groups, and stressing that children arrested during operations must be primarily treated as victims and protected from public exposure;
(c) ILO Convention No. 182 concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, on 23 August 2002.
17. At the 40th meeting, on 7 November, at the request of the representative of Israel, the Committee voted on draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.35.
Total equity instruments
Indeed, we cannot say much at all about the full integration option because it has not been available to be explored or discussed to any degree.
Offices of the HKSAR Government in the Mainland
It is the career of the whole society to carry out the circular economy.
' Ultimately, the common theme of these chapters is what we at UPS teach our young managers.
9-20 July 2007 Statement of the President on the work of the Assembly at the thirteenth session
On Maritain's Occurring Principle of Art
Also recalling the International Tropical Timber Agreement, 1994, and the International Tropical Timber Agreement, 1983, and recognizing the work of the International Tropical Timber Organization and its achievements since its inception;
(a) General comments on Chapter II
Jiangshan
Inquisitor variabilis
A carbin cabin is a simple house usually built away from the city.
Quick Replace can search through a document either forward or backward from the insertion point.
The Library also continues to respond to requests for information from institutions, non-governmental organizations, academics, government departments and the general public and to offer guidance on sources of information on subject areas related to the activities of the Authority, the international law of the sea and deep seabed mining.
The previous Knesset had a woman serving as the Knesset Speaker and three women as head of Knesset Committees.
The amount of the provisional anti-dumping duty, cash deposit, bond or other forms of security provided shall not exceed the margin of dumping established in the preliminary determination.
Public health
Original: English
During the Ming Dynasty, however, bricks were heavily used in many areas of the wall, as were materials such as tiles , lime, and stone.
Cronus attacked Uranus with a sickle and cut off his sexual organs and threw them into the sea.
From 2011 to 2015, the Government of China invested a total of 330.5 billion yuan in 226 projects to be carried out in Tibet, focusing on key areas such as improving people's livelihood, infrastructure, special industries and the ecological environment.
Through-bolted panel-to-stile U channel and spring-loaded, self-closing hinge run full height of panels and doors.
Apart from these alarming facts, which are part of everyday life on this planet, we would also recall that, while 1 billion people living in the first world waste around half of the energy resources of the planet, 2 billion poor people lack electricity.
As she entered, her own name caught her ear.
However, no evidence was produced to the Commission proving that any person had died as a result of fire in those areas.
Establishing accountability for people management
ii. Training programmes for 150 participants, such as executive officers, human resources professionals and other administrative staff, in new human resources systems and processes, including elements of the new pay and benefits system that is under development, e.g., the streamlined new contractual arrangements and mobility and accountability mechanisms;
Assistance to Malaysia under TCP/MAL/8921 (A)
News Report on Loan Quota Unfounded (Friday, 07 June 2002)
Italy
ll sign two originals, each in Chinese and English language.238 I am ready to sign the agreement.
The wishes we have just expressed are justified by the same conviction as assures us that the present and future initiatives of my Government will be considered sympathetically by the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council.
Asia's economies remain on course for 鈥渞obust growth鈥?next year in spite of the financial crisis and looming recession in Europe and the US, according to Haruhiko Kuroda, president of the Asian Development Bank.
In this connection, it has taken the following steps:
Having more than one drink a day, however, offered no protection against dementia compared with abstaining, the report indicates
pollution in China and to improve environmental monitoring and management of organotin contamination.
75. The Working Group was informed that, following consultations by the Secretariat with experts, it had been suggested that it might be useful to include a draft model provision dealing with bid securities, along the lines of the discussion in chapter III, paragraph 62, of the Legislative Guide and article 37, paragraph 1 (f), of the UNCITRAL Model Procurement Law.
Angola (2011), Burundi (2010), Cape Verde* (2009), Sudan (2010)
17. The observer for the International Criminal Police Organization (ICPO/Interpol) reported that his organization continued to cooperate with Governments, in particular in areas such as the collection, analysis and dissemination of drug-related information and intelligence.
Protection of women and advancement of their rights has been a cornerstone of Government policy in the post-conflict phase.
The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scattered with stars, and below it the four long House tables were lined with disheveled students, some in traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns
In Iran, the Special Rapporteur interviewed Iraqi refugees, who spoke about the current situation of human rights in Iraq and, in particular about such issues as religious persecution or intolerance, missing persons and raids on villages resulting in loss of life and arrests.
Box 1
94. To ensure that reporting on the MYFF is able to provide significant evidence of progress, and recognizing constraints on the timeliness of data, UNFPA proposes to provide a report at the annual session of the Executive Board in 2005 covering the first year of implementation of the MYFF and a cumulative report on the MYFF at the Board's annual session in 2007.
The widespread use of anti-Semitism in Al-Hayat Al-Jadida has been noted in a previous letter, dated 9 January 1998, which was circulated as document A/52/762.
VII. Financial aspects
Indigenous Education Officers (IEOs) are working with MindMatters to deliver the Feeling Deadly Not Shame program in high schools and community settings.
75.24 Implement with high priority its intention to establish a mechanism to monitor human rights (New Zealand);
There was a robust economic recovery from mid1999 to 2000, upon a strong and broadbased upturn on both the external and domestic fronts.
For the present purposes, it is important to note that it is not altogether clear whether responsibility was jointly invoked by the member States of the European Union or by the European Union as a distinct organization.
137. The amount of $4,369,500 would cover the activities of e-mail archiving, storage reduction, server and storage management tools and creating the enterprise data centre in 2012-2013, as follows:
:: France undertakes to promote the activities, defend the independence and strengthen the role of the special procedures, the treaty bodies and all human rights monitoring and investigation mechanisms.
The representative of Canada introduced a proposal for a draft decision, prepared in collaboration with Mexico, Morocco, Switzerland and the United States of America.
Meanwhile, distribution network is one important part of logistics, thus, which means a lot to research on this subject.
The final consolidation phase will focus on those mine action activities that can continue through the winter period and beyond.
The Committee express its concern about the case of Ilmurad Nurliev, a Protestant pastor who was convicted of swindling following a trial that allegedly violated numerous fair trial and due process standards (arts. 2 and 13).
In fact, the Special Rapporteur considers impunity to be the principal cause of the perpetuation and encouragement of human rights violations, including extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions.
The defendant did not even answer the communication or send a representative to the trial, as provided for under Cuban law concerning such proceedings and similar rules usually applied by most countries, including the United States of America itself.
This case study and regulating the use of the method of combining the earnings management in China, the problems of system analysis and research.
This accounts for the lack of detail in the data entered in the database since the Convention entered into force in DRC.
(a) Projects to develop and implement city-wide climate action plans in six countries (6)
At its fifty-seventh session, on 25 April 2001, the Commission on Human Rights adopted resolution 2001/81, in which it called upon the Secretary-General to appoint a new independent expert on the situation of human rights in Somalia, decided to extend the mandate of the expert for a further year, and requested the future independent expert to report to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-eighth session.
I believe this goal is reachable and understandable.
If you’re not much of a Hayden Christensen fan, I think you’ll be surprised by how well he does in this flick.
Furthermore, some units and parts of the United Nations relevant to the work of UNCITRAL, such as those that dealt with the promotion of the rule of law, were based in New York -- not in Vienna.
The Government submits that Mr. Bialatski's detention and the subsequent court decision were based on clear legislative provisions that are in conformity with the applicable international legal instruments.
10. The operation has reportedly produced hundreds of mainly military casualties, although no independent verification of figures has occurred.
The minimum subsidy reached the rate of 28.2 per cent of the average salary in 1997 and 43.3 per cent in 1993.
Internal; staff travel ($17,000), consultants ($70,000) and publications ($7,700).
The hunter steadied his rifle and fired
Division of Oversight Services
You can be medically examined to support your statement.
He turned to the first page and read: I, Strahd, Lord of Barovia, well aware certain events of my 22)reign have been misunderstood, 23)hereby 24)set down an exact record of those events, that the truth may at last be known..
The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/90, reaffirmed the high priority attached to technical cooperation and advisory services in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice and stressed the need to continue to improve the operational activities of the Programme.
The Civil Service Law entitles women to take up to two years leave to care for a child.
The aim will be to have as wide a public disclosure as possible of formal documents such as minutes of meetings.
12. The Chair suggested that, in accordance with General Assembly decision 55/488, the Committee should take note of the report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on its eighty-first and eighty-second sessions (A/68/18), the report of the Secretary-General on global efforts for the total elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and the comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action (A/68/564) and the report of the Secretary-General on how to make the International Decade for People of African Descent Effective (A/67/879).
eg. The newly-invented soft drinking tastes quite unique.
Redford has always been drawn to stories about the fabric of American institutions.
Promotion of peace as a vital requirement for the full enjoyment of all human rights by all
13 May 2005 (a)
It's like working with mercury.
Such support may include the right to stay temporarily or, in appropriate cases, permanently in the territory where they are identified;
The horses dragged their feet from the sticky mud with a sound like popping corks and every few paces stopped, panting heavily.
The briefing will feature H.E. Mr. Ousmane Moutari, Permanent Representative of the Niger to the United Nations; Dr. Catherine Hamlin, Founder and Director, Addis Ababa Fistula Hospital; and Dr. France Donnay, Chief, Reproductive Health Branch, United Nations Population Fund.
The Governments of Switzerland and Norway have already pledged their support for the organization of the Forum.
In acknowledging and respecting the distinct contribution of the various international forums and organizations towards building peace in our time, we cannot but continue to explore and consolidate those avenues which foster closer cooperation in preventing and settling conflicts.
But there is also new urban poverty confronting indigenous peoples, with evidence that extreme poverty once again affects them disproportionately as an ethnic group."
The shift toward finance that Thatcher promoted heightened inequality and made the economy more volatile.
Safwan Fajr al-Ahmad
This is provided to both rural and urban areas without distinction.
1. The Human Rights Committee considered the third periodic report of Guatemala (CCPR/C/GTM/3) at its 2874th and 2875th meetings (CCPR/C/SR.2874 and 2875), held on 19 and 20 March 2012.
He traveled in the unexplored regions of the mind and expressed thoughts never uttered before by an artist.
(c) Draft plans of action to return to compliance:
In the twentieth century, Africa's trade relations with the rest of the world went through three principal phases.
Well, I just read in the news that fewer and fewer businesses ask their employees to work five and a half days a week.
Sweden
Total regular budget
Best supporting actress: Is Carla Bruni the perfect companion for a perfectionist French president?
I have retired, but I haven＇t stopped thinking.
In addition, every person convicted by a court of law in Singapore has a right of appeal.
58. Most trade unions also administer supplementary health funds established by collective agreements.
In other words, the logic of this guideline appears to lead to the conclusion that any reservation that is invalid, which has been circulated and not objected to by the parties, has been "collectively accepted" and thus "shall be deemed permissible".
Saudi Aramco
By carry out these improvements, H Company can systematically and comprehensively improve the company's competitiveness.
2. The Working Party pursued its deliberations in an informal setting.
Human Rights Committee
Questions relating to this issue can be submitted by email to the General Assembly Affairs Branch (e-mail gaab@un.org).
In addition, many of the children who do not attend school have some kind of disability.
∙ 15 May, Zalambessa;
Tunisia Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Democratic People's Republic of Korea
"The suspect did not resist arrest and was taken to the police station for questioning, she said.The boy was shot inside the school around 0 a.m. , about five minutes before classes were to begin.
89. Also of relevance is the Solid Waste Disposal Act first enacted in 1965.
48. With funding from the UNAIDS Evaluation Office, a methodology was prepared for assessing behavioural and institutional outcomes of programmes and projects.
Recognizing and affirming that the global fight against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and all their abhorrent and contemporary forms and manifestations is a matter of priority for the international community,
Osh region has a good base for developing tourism and mountaineering.
Therefore, the Working Group considers that it can no longer delay giving its Opinion on the communication submitted to it two years ago.
Welcoming also the decision of the Government of Kyrgyzstan to establish an independent international commission and national commissions to investigate the facts and circumstances relevant to the events of June 2010 in southern Kyrgyzstan, and welcoming their reports,
High Slew Rate, Wide Bandwidth, Single Supply Dual Operational Amplifier
3. The meeting in Rome was organized in three sessions: Session 1, Changing rural paradigm: emerging issues and data needs; Session 2, Innovation, new tools and results in rural statistics; and Session 3, Some issues in rural development and household income statistics for countries at different levels of development.
on the toolbar or select the "Attachment" item under the "Tools" pull down menu of the e-Form program and follow the instructions to attach any document required for an application.
276. Comment by the Administration.
The other major multilateral migration agency, the IOM, assists in the return of migrants, asylum seekers, refugees, and the internally displaced to their place of origin, or to other countries or regions that have agreed to accept them.
Query Parameters Dialog Box appears with a list of named parameters.
One principal policy failure in the run-up to the crisis was a lack of imagination: we failed to appreciate just how intricate the global economic and financial web had become.
Statements made in exercise of the right of reply
Where am I gonna find a brown hamster?
The summer time, father and colleague around among them, climb to compare an aquatic effort.
Everyone is forced to give a last roar.
Wireless Sensor Network is often used for monitoring ambient temperature, humidity, light intensity, gas concentration.
Even in stronger-performing countries, such as the US or the United Kingdom, faster GDP growth has yet to boost real incomes.
Security officials say more than 500 militants and around 30 soldiers have been killed during nearly two weeks of fighting in Bajur.
My Sister's Fingers Teacher: Kevin, why are you late this time
The proposal in question was a new one and, in application of rule 120 of the rules of procedure, delegations had to be informed of a new proposal before it was submitted to the Committee; that had not been done.
If a concerned party is dissatisfied with the remedial decisions of the national copyright executive administrative department, he may bring suit before the People's Court within 3 months from receipt of notice.
Poverty by Education Level of Household Head (Upper Poverty Line)
10. The above general observations on TCBMs can also be applied to outer space activities of the states.
The present addendum lists the items on which the Security Council took action during the week ending 27 December 2008.
Everything went well for a week or two, and then the woman said, "Listen, husband.
1. When two or more elective places are to be filled at one time under the same conditions, those candidates obtaining the required majority on the first ballot shall be elected.
The family packs up their things for the trip to an Air Force base in Nevada .
 In addition to the two movements mentioned above, the members of the "Road Security Committee", which is affiliated with the Kach movement, have also attacked civilians and Arab-owned property.
She fluttered her eyelashes at him(= tried to attract him in order to persuade him to do sth).
It gave a last deep cry the empty air, and fell to the ground.
It also recommends that the State party amend the definition of sale of children in national legislation, which is similar to but not identical to trafficking in persons, in order to adequately incorporate the provision on sale contained in the Optional Protocol.
Yet that is precisely what Prime Minister Shinzo Abe must do in his upcoming statement marking the 70th anniversary of the end of the war.
:: EG-fraudebestrijding in de praktjk (dir. de publ. con C. Fijnaut et L. Huybrechts), Maklu, 1994.
Is 3 4, since barricade has never got to say, they open a debate the problem that can pull old grudge again.
In August 2005, the General Fono approved a draft constitution as the basis for the proposed act of self-determination, as well as the text of a draft treaty of free association between Tokelau and New Zealand.
Rollins College alumni
3. Of particular concern is the recent resurgence of malaria in the temperate zone in areas where the disease was previously under control (Azerbaijan, Iraq, Tajikistan and Turkey).
The researchers blamed most of the wrong-site cases on errors in judgment or a lack of a time-out.
22. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 58/230, the Financing for Development Office of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat organized a series of multi-stakeholder consultations to examine issues related to the mobilization of resources for financing development and to promote best practices and exchange information on the implementation of the commitments made and agreements reached at the Monterrey Conference.
International Public Sector Accounting Standards
125.67 Acknowledge the existence of political prison camps, and take immediate steps to close them (New Zealand);
(NIS per month) Average income per employee
Under article III, paragraph 1, of its statute, ILOAT shall consist of three judges and four deputy judges, who shall all be of different nationalities.
These processes, which are cumulative and increasing, bring on many negative effects in the social, cultural, economic and environmental areas.
LCQ6 : Planning and installation of public lights
Pneumonic form of plague is the most virulent and least common form of plague.
Also recognizing that women, in particular young girls, are physiologically and biologically more vulnerable than men to sexually transmitted diseases, including HIV, and yet receive minimal health care and support when infected,
13 October 1989
The author lodged an appeal on 22 November 2002.
32. At the 3rd meeting, on 2 March, statements were made by the representatives of the United States of America, New Zealand and South Africa and the observers for Canada and Australia.
In view of the present development conditions of modern urban design, this paper expounds the deviations and misconception about concept understanding, designing practice and designing management.
This arrangement continued to the end of 2000, when both organizations' programme funding allocations came to an end.
Essentially, the methodology is to take the approved appropriations for the first year of the current biennium and add the volume and cost adjustments, which results in the estimates required for the first year of the proposed biennium.
LINC Amplification using Nonlinear Components technique is one of power amplifier's linearization and efficiency enhancement methods.
58. The Group recommends that the Sanctions Committee consider imposing targeted sanctions against Forces nouvelles zone commanders, Ouattara Issiaka and Losseni Fofana, if they continue to refuse to provide the Group and UNOCI “unhindered access” to military sites and installations, “without notice” and “regardless of location”, as demanded by the Security Council in paragraph 5 of resolution 1893 (2009).
The Code provides for the protection of working women, with due regard being given to their physiological make-up and family role.
The General Assembly decided to approve the recommendation contained in paragraph 31 of the report, regarding reproducing statements in extenso.
Although the Public Prosecutor's Office had started a trial of video recording on custodial interrogations, this trial covered limited cases.
Divisions of Yuanjiang
UNAMID folder
1. During the fourteenth session of the Authority, the Legal and Technical Commission held 13 meetings.
Office of the Police Commissioner
long distance bus stop
Once upon a time the colors of the world started to quarrel. All claimed that they were the best.
List of bacterial orders
The Committee will consider necessary follow-up activities, based on proposals by the Executive Directorate following a review by the Directorate of the outcomes of such meetings and events.
International Bar Association Business Law Conference, Vancouver, Canada, 1998
Congo
The Committee remains concerned that workers cannot freely exercise their right to form and join trade unions outside the structure of the All China Federation of Trade Unions.
37. Performance indicators:
Nepal
The enzymatic bating systems of wet blue over the past decades are reviewed and summarize.
and her agitated hand waved to them from a chaise window , and she was gone.
8.3 Counsel points out that the Government refused to pardon Alfonso Ruiz Agudo in spite of a specific petition to that end from the author and the order for reparation under article 4, paragraph 4, of the Criminal Code.
c Continuing posts.
The delegation of Australia also included a number of scientific, technical and legal advisers.
19. Additionally, regarding preventive measures, the sponsorship agreement stipulates that the State must be satisfied that certain conditions have been met prior to approving the commencement of the activities.
USG- ASG
But we should remember to keep on striving for what is right and best for our lives and the lives of many other people.
The first installment of class fee after enrolment must be paid by cheque.
Sixty-second session
NEPAD is expected to form the basis of the successor arrangement to the UN-NADAF in the context of the final review and appraisal of the UN-NADAF by the United Nations General Assembly in autumn 2002.
79. The region of "Puntland" remained generally stable, although the number of targeted assassinations and abductions increased late in 2009 and early in 2010.
" This condition only happens with identical twins.
There are no standards anymore.  It's not funny   it's true.
Appeals from the Summary Court lie to the Grand Court.
Recommendation 5
 Notwithstanding the successful result of its work, as embodied in the agreed text of the document, the delegation of Ukraine is not enthusiastic about the contents.
(d) The cooperation agreement signed between the Chilean Prison Service and the International Organization for Migration.
Annex
Eritrea
I want to hire a minibus for our summer camp in August.
A carriage return is appended to the end of the message this method returns, so that the next message returned by
1.3.1 Governors appointed in all provinces
Credits returned to Member States
Angola
The question was asked whether the phrase "under the conditions of the law of this State" referred to procedural rules of the enacting State governing those actions, or to the substantive law applicable to those actions.
As you know, not one is born fat belly bulge there, it must be formed the day after tomorrow!
 Notwithstanding the difficult times through which we are passing, Niger is attentive to what is going on in the rest of the world.
(y) Organize training programmes for public officials and law enforcement agencies with a view to preventing injustices based on prejudice against descent-based communities;
Tramps run in all parts of the world where there is cargo for them to carry.
Yeah, you did, didn't you?
Contemporary hydrogeology is in its new stage of eco - environmental hydrogeology.
And Hushai said unto Absalom The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good at this time.
In addition, close contacts have been maintained with members of the diplomatic community and senior commanders of the Multinational Force both in Baghdad and in Basrah.
Please show me the way.
In accordance with established practice, the First Committee will commence its substantive work on Monday, 4 October 2010.
459. The National Reproductive Health Programme has developed information, education and communication (IEC) materials; provided support to the reproductive health information campaign in association with the Presidential Secretariat for Social Communication (SCSP); designed radio spots and materials such as leaflets and posters in the four Mayan languages; and supported the introduction of the "adolescent health line", a joint effort launched in September 2006 by MSPAS, Municipalities of Guatemala and the non-governmental organization Genesis.
As we seek to advance nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation, we must address the issues related to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
I want this advertisement to be a testimonial from the gold medal winner. Call her to see if we can get her to endorse our product.
This duty applies a fortiori in cases in which the perpetrators of such violations have been identified".
The State party submits that its interactions with the Chinese Consulate to obtain travel documents are typical and there is no substantial evidence to suggest that there would be a sur place claim with a real risk that the author would be arbitrarily deprived of his life contrary to article 6.
10. Further, the period under review has been critical for the development of a national policy on gender equality.
  The authorities have ascertained the proportion of each subject to be taught via computers in every school, and have instructed all schools to achieve this allocated target.
How do you wish to settle your bill, in cash or by credit card?
When she went to the scene immediately after the events, Mazalova did not see any traces of barbarous treatment of the bodies.
However, there still exist noticeable urban-rural disparities in this regard.
325. The Panel has developed a comprehensive image of the pattern and shifting trends in violations of human rights in Darfur since the inception of the conflict in 2003.
Dennis Coke
That's not something you see commonly across most cities in India", he added.
(b) A person who acquired BC, BDTC or BN(O) by or as a result of naturalization or registration otherwise than under the British Nationality Acts 1948 to 1964 may additionally be deprived of that citizenship or status if he or she:
It is anticipated that each vehicle would consume an average of 20 litres of fuel daily for a total consumption for the 11.6-month period of 453,440 litres at a cost of $0.66 per litre ($299,300); 10 per cent of the fuel cost is provided for oils and lubricants ($29,900).
H.E. Mr. Juan Manuel Santos Calderón, President of the Republic of Colombia, made a statement.
Financial statement on the draft resolution entitled "Follow-up to the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice"
4.3. Enhanced capacity of Member States to improve access to justice and enhance legal aid
109. In 1996, approximately 12,500 youngsters aged 15 to 18 studied in programmes sponsored by the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs, more than 75 per cent of them in industrial schools.
He recognized the announcement by the Palestinian Authority that it planned to build the institutions of a State apparatus within the coming two years.
This Conference has more than enough work waiting to be done. It is therefore deeply disappointing that the Conference has not managed to engage in the substantive work of negotiation for almost a decade and a half.
Knows as much about it as my coachman.
Something inserted, as an ornamental strip of lace or embroidery inserted between pieces of fabric.
82. Assistance or participation by international experts, possibly drawn from the Somali diaspora, may also assist an extraterritorial court to achieve international standards more rapidly.
(d) Better inter-ministerial harmonization of policies, strategies and programmes for, for example, land use, integrated ecosystem management, SARD and integrated resource management.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the situation of human rights and the activities of her Office in the Democratic Republic of the Congo* Summary
At its 17th meeting, held on 8 May 2014, the Working Group adopted the report on Equatorial Guinea.
A special sitting of the cabinet of ministers has been held, devoted to reforming the activities of the media.
"You can't get there simply by cutting. So let's get real, " he said.
The world community cannot afford to sit idle in the face of open defiance of mandatory resolutions of the Security Council.
He fell suddenly that he was on very thin ice.
372. With regard to the Committee's recommendation (ibid., para. 161) to ensure birth registration in areas affected by internal violence, the Committee welcomes the State party's efforts in this area but is of the opinion that greater efforts are needed to ensure that all children are registered, especially those belonging to the most vulnerable groups.
Professional category and above
10. The Board is not required to mention any matter referred to in the foregoing that, in its opinion, is insignificant in all respects.
Milly, did jake tell you he's in a band?
We should make full use of stable economic growth in the world, reform and improve world financial system.
 In Pakistan, it travelled to Peshawar and Quetta.
Para. 8: Detailed list of Lebanese and Syrian nationals and other persons taken or transferred into custody in the Syrian Arab Republic; immediate steps to establish an independent and credible commission to investigate disappearances (arts. 2, 6, 7 and 9).
Programme planning: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/69/464) [item 133]
Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS)
Investing in irrigation and other measures to improve land quality will accelerate productivity growth.
However, such a thing will not happen this year, the fund account management body.
Mr. Mark Kroeker, IPTF Deputy Commissioner, will give a briefing on developments in Bosnia and Herzegovina and on the increasing demand for professional competence when selecting police officers for service with the Interna-tional Police Task Force.
For a while corporate self-regulation and codes of conducts - designed by enterprises to define their environmental and social responsibilities - were seen as the way forward in CSR.
 Approximately two thirds of the decisions made by the Special Committees set up for this purpose have been for non-refugee minors to reunite with their families in Viet Nam in the best interests of the child.
24. Draft resolution A/C.5/64/L.48 was adopted.
Report of the Executive Director on the work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention (containing information on progress made on, inter alia, technical cooperation, global programmes, resource mobilization and cooperation with United Nations and other entities)
Draw straws to decide who begins.
Urges the Global Mechanism (GM), together with the members of its Facilitation Committee, to promote resource mobilization for NAP implementation as a matter of the highest priority, as highlighted by the Declaration on the commitments to enhance implementation of the obligations of the Convention (decision 8/COP.4), without neglecting support to the subregional and regional action programmes;
鈥淕et well, lads,鈥?he said to the soldiers, 鈥渢here's a lot to do yet.鈥?
First, I fully support the recommendation of the joint mission on the need to provide targeted support to front line units of the Somali National Army conducting joint operations with AMISOM.
The negotiation and conclusion of the fissile material cut-off treaty were long overdue.
The public opinions in the five countries are in favor of more political coordination and diplomatic development.
Installation of perimeter gates enforcements
He wasn't always.
I see a blue horse looking at me.
The realm of mortal existence; the temporal world.
What was your employment status in the physiotherapy profession as at 31.3.2006?
All Hitman Two Victors, observe everything, admire nothing.
2. In the light of the review, the contractor shall indicate its programme of activities for the following five-year period, making such adjustments to its previous programme of activities as are necessary.
I... I realize this comes at a very inopportune time, but I really have this gigantic favor to ask of you.Choose me
Sciuromorpha
- Reviewing and amending the legal and regulatory instruments relating to the work of the National Referral Mechanism;
II), chap. II). The report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 7 of General Assembly resolution 48/216 B, in which the Secretary-General was requested to report to the Assembly, at the same time as the Board of Auditors submitted its recommendations to the Assembly, on measures taken or to be taken to implement those recommendations.
3. The possibility has been raised of retaining the article 11 procedure, but only for Member States that wish to challenge judgements of the Tribunal and not for staff members (or the Secretary-General).
Mindful of General Assembly resolution 65/165, in particular its paragraph 4, in which the General Assembly invited the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme to consider, at its earliest convenience, appropriate global and national strategies and frameworks for future work, in order to achieve a significant improvement in the lives of slum-dwellers beyond the current slum-related targets, in the light of the continued increase in the number of slum-dwellers in the world,
Therell be a stamp show in Art Center on Saturday, October 15, which is held by Childrens Palace, Different kinds of stamps from both home and abroad will be on display.
" "Mum, it is my friend's birthday tomorrow, I must buy her a present.
Hunger of the mind can be actually satiated through extensive reading
She means to do her best to win and believes she has a good chance.
Follow-up to the United Nations study on violence against children
Last month he shut himself in for days on end.
Teacher absenteeism rates remain on the rise, at 36.6 per cent compared to 26.3 per cent in 2007 (Annual Status of Education Report, 2010).
By 1930, standard job application forms included a blank for blood type, and today market researchers use it to predict buying habits, and ordinary people use it to choose friends and romantic partners "I'm type O," says Sandra, who Jill eventually hired as a receptionist, "so my boyfriend should ideally be another Type O or a Type B. Type A probably won't match.
Fight, only fight, we HAs we wonderful future(despite time).
  After the founding of the People’s Republic， the transition of Chinese society from a new- democratic to a socialist society was effected step by step.
18 January 1995(*)
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
United States treasuries
These provocative and irresponsible actions by Turkey, in conjunction with the recently pursued Turkish policy of regional hegemony, which covets the maritime resources of the Republic of Cyprus, present a serious destabilizing factor and generate tension in the region.
(h) Developing human resources through the implementation of programmes on enhancing the skills and qualifications of transport personnel;
The Committee strongly recommends that the State party update and implement its Plan of Action for childhood and adolescence at national and local levels and in accordance with the Convention's principles and provisions. Data
Reaffirming also the role assigned by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to the Department of Humanitarian Affairs, through the IDNDR secretariat in charge of the Decade, in promoting and directing activities of the IDNDR in conformity with General Assembly resolution 46/182,
Terrible as an army with banners.
No life had been more peaceful and innocent than mine; few lives so rich with benefits conferred.
2006-02-23 08:58:28 Dart Injuries Rise as Beginners Get the Point A wave of international victories for Dutch darts players has prompted an increase in the number of injuries as people take up the game at home, according to the Dutch consumer safety association
Agents need to go through intense training and extreme physical conditioning4.
14. Urges the Government of National Unity and Transition to develop without further delay a plan for the disarmament of foreign combatants, and to entrust its implementation to the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, with the support of MONUC;
Sr Mgr(Deposit Protection Scheme )2
A repeat of this scenario seems possible: on the left, outside of the Socialist Party, there are already four announced candidates, and a fifth is likely.
We estimate that the entire category of sales are down not only the growing.
This method is accurate, rapid, simple and have a satisfactory result.
Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture
The Advisory Committee welcomes these proposals and recommends their approval.
 While noting that there were common threads linking the three levels, the Commission considered that they needed to be dealt with in a phased manner; otherwise the system would become mired in studies of structural economic problems, for which no apparent solution existed.
In general, wealthy investors switched asset allocations to their domestic markets, though the report's authors said this was “a temporary, tactical move”.
Item 5 of the provisional agenda
Within the framework of his mandate, as established by the Commission in resolution 2001/57 of 24 April 2001,2 the Special Rapporteur undertook, during the period under review, a wide range of activities.
 45. In reply to a question, the representative stated that other political women's organizations also existed, but none of them enjoyed the popularity and expertise of the Federation.
Accordingly, he went home.
The President: Before giving the floor to the next speaker, I invite participants to hear a performance by Ms. Tricia Keens-Douglas of Grenada.
The world economy contracted and current account widened
Online Reference Tools
A: Have you called your insurance company
UNICEF promoted the concept of protective environments for children in communities, schools and families, and forged innovative partnerships to address sexual violence against girls and women.
The Legal Officer clarified that in accordance with the provisions of the Convention no term other than "recommendation" could be used.
They can conceive and show the fuzzy concept in your heart with the perfect design.
In addition, the dissemination of best practices was suggested as a means to encourage the broader use of gender markers among United Nations entities.
In this situation, irrespective of injury to direct competitors, discriminatory pricing can injure competitors of the favoured purchaser.
The research resulted in a demimondaine's boudoir vibe with accents of more sober Rive Droite propriety.
I don't know what he wears to bed these days, but when we were in university he wore a red and white striped night shirt.
56. As expected, the negative impact of the global economic slowdown was most severely felt by developing countries such as Pakistan, which in addition was a frontline State in the fight against global terrorism, after the events of 11 September, and was also affected by regional tensions and conflicts.
Avogadro
First was the importance of protecting individuals who had spoken candidly to American diplomats in oppressive countries.
Fuzzy neural netw   ork  is adopted to control the motion of rectifying mechanical device.
Major equipment
 In particular, the special scale, which was established by resolution 3101 (XVIII), enshrines a number of fundamental political and economic considerations.
The UNTAET Human Rights Unit hosts a Juveniles in Detention Working Group, comprised of the Department of Social Services, UNICEF, the mental health NGO, PRADET (see paragraph 83), prison authorities and the Public Defenders Office, which is developing guidelines for the release of juvenile prisoners aimed at improving their reintegration into their family and the community.
Third Committee
The two sides will continuously promote confidence building measures through steadily enhanced contacts in the field of defence.
To view all registered Slovak native speakers, please click
11-15 April 2011
Letter dated 3 March (S/2000/178) from the representative of Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council.
The current legislation on land offers little protection to farmers.
International Chief Littlechild provided updates relating to previous Expert Mechanism studies.
Since its establishment, EMG has held consultations on selected specific issues including biodiversity-related reporting, the environmental aspects of fresh water, sanitation and human settlements, and has contributed as well to the work of intergovernmental processes such as that on international environmental governance.
Security Council Communications to the President of the Security Council
(b) Treaties declaring, creating, or regulating permanent rights or a permanent regime or status;
5) Why do you think you are qualified for this position
(Fortune) -- About a mile past the Bountiful Blessings Church on the outskirts of Spartanburg, S. C. , make a right turn.
My thanks also go to the Governments of Finland and Turkey, which have supported the process since September on behalf of the Group of Friends of Mediation, in which my delegation plays an active part.
:: A prohibition on the opening of new branches, subsidiaries or representative offices of banks of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in the territories of the States members of the European Union, the taking of an ownership interest in banks under the jurisdiction of member States, the establishment of correspondent banking relationships with banks under the jurisdiction of member States and the maintenance of correspondent banking relationships with banks under the jurisdiction of member States if member States have information that provides reasonable grounds to believe that this could contribute to the nuclear or ballistic missiles programmes or other activities of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea prohibited by Security Council resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013) or 2094 (2013) or by the Decision, or to the evasion of measures imposed by those Security Council resolutions or by the Decision, in accordance with paragraph 12 of Security Council resolution 2094 (2013).
Recommends that States parties take further direct measures in accordance with article 4 of the Convention to ensure the full implementation of article 8 of the Convention and to ensure to women on equal terms with men and without any discrimination the opportunities to represent their Government at the international level and to participate in the work of international organizations.
IV. Conclusions and recommendations
" If I have got it right, then you think he's capable of everything. "
The Ethiopian Federal Constitution is firmly anchored on the principle, among others, of recognizing and safeguarding individual identities and rights, as well as of ensuring the full representation and participation of all nations and nationalities in the political and socio economic activities of the country.
(a) Support, through organizing, capacity training and mentoring, the active engagement of women and girls, in particular young women and adolescent girls living with and affected by HIV, in identifying and designing programmes and plans related to the response to HIV and AIDS, including in the development of strategies to monitor results, allocated funding and assessments of expenditures towards the priorities and needs of women and girls in all their diversity, and hold Governments accountable for implementing commitments;
As the Executive Director of UNODC put it, Africa in particular is under attack.
The national council for sustainable development has published a proposal titled "environmental plan of action for the transformation and reconstruction of Nicaragua" (March 1999), which provides guidelines and concrete actions for environmental regeneration and vulnerability reduction.
The present report provides an overview of major developments in inter-agency cooperation within the framework of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) in 2013.
They had made all arrangements to share according to their interests.
Adobe eLearning Suite
The stress on setting an example is particularly necessary at present.
This is the logic driving support for US President Donald Trump’s escalating tariffs.
Tired of go-go growth, voters now look for more attention to addressing environmental concerns, health-care issues, and income inequality.
The delegation drew attention to the existing criminal procedure and Evidence Act of 1981, which lay down procedures and methods that should be adopted to avoid instances of torture and inhuman and degrading treatment of suspects of crime.
Do you think that would look good?
Number of members voting: 191
STS-78
There is a will to strengthen cooperation among the parliaments so that MPs of our member states can better understand the real need for economic cooperation and ways of amending or changing laws to that end.
* in hundred million won.
The inhabitants of the overpopulated and largely poor territory were enduring the consequences of the Israeli blockade, which limited humanitarian access, restricted desperately needed imports, prohibited exports and prevented young Palestinians from visiting their families or attending universities outside Gaza.
The ensuing discussion underlined the need to tackle the challenges of drug trafficking and organized crime in a holistic manner, through an approach that is rooted in the principle of common and shared responsibility, involving all major actors across continents.
The comparison and revelation the two theories.
WHO, Executive Board
U.S. factories, for example, adopted lean-manufacturing techniques pioneered by Japanese companies such as Toyota Motor Corp.
August, year 3 (in accordance with the decision on national reporting)
(a) Mandate-specific results-based budgeting frameworks for the substantive components of the mission;
I always make a copy of the name cards that I receive.
Jointly lead GEOSS task DI-06-09 on the use of satellites for risk management
IACWGE task force to follow up and develop fund-raising proposal for the above actions
On that night, unmarried girls prayed to the Maid star for the special gift.
2 from members appointed by the Secretary-General
The Security Council's establishment of the ad hoc tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda constituted a major step forward in addressing this failing and in combating the culture of impunity.
Geneva, 30 November - 11 December 2009
My career goal is to be a general accountant.
15. On 30 May, he and the Special Rapporteur on the rights to freedom of peaceful assembly and of association issued a joint press release in which they expressed concern over demonstrations in Quebec, Canada, on 24 May, which reportedly involved serious acts of violence and the detention of up to 700 protesters.
The financial meltdown of 2008, which soon metamorphosed into the deepest Western economic recession since the 1930’s, added fuel to the fire, as policymakers hunkered down in a non-transparent crisis-management mode, condoning massive state intervention in the economy and socialization of private-sector losses on a previously unprecedented scale.
In particular, the Committee is concerned over the lack of protection for children talibes, who are forced by marabouts to beg in slavery-like conditions.
Nuclear disarmament is at an impasse.
 While some elements of the experience could be used by other developing countries, adjustments would be required, especially owing to the fact that the new multilateral rules left developing countries with less scope to support potentially viable new industries.
For a useful tool for digital images.
Twelfth annual progress report on the implementation of the capital master plan
But Abijah grew mighty. And he took fourteen wives and had twenty-two sons and sixteen daughters.
The proportion of women from the ethnic groups covered by Equal Employment Opportunity legislation had remained fairly stable: Maori women comprised between 6 and 7 per cent of the total, and Pacific Islands women between 2 and 3 per cent.
The consultation allowed insight on the human rights situation in English-speaking Caribbean countries, the identification of partners and programmes, and the needs involved in, and obstacles to, promoting and protecting human rights.
76. Activities carried under UNCTAD's COMPAL programme strengthened competition and consumer protection law and policies in Bolivia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Nicaragua and Peru, as well as Colombia.
don't tell 'em how you found me
Often eating and drinking too much is bad for the digestive system.
Rule 6 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Conference (see A/CONF.198/2) provides that the Conference shall elect a President from among the representatives of participating States.
He told the Observer: 'I am not going to be responsible for a transport mess like Atlanta. '
They are repairing this road continuously.
95. Five countries in the LAC region have plans to establish incentives for technology transfer in the coming years, particularly during the 2014 - 2015 biennium.
The Office performed its secretariat tasks with only four Professional staff and a support staff all funded under the UNEP Environment Fund.
a progressive tax which reduces the spending power of consumers in amounts which change faster than incomes, resulting in contractionary tendencies during expansionary periods and vice versa
7. Reiterates its call upon the nuclear-weapon States to undertake the step-by-step reduction of the nuclear threat and to carry out effective nuclear disarmament measures with a view to achieving the total elimination of these weapons within a specified framework of time;
Sixtieth session
www.un.org/chronicle
(b) Expressed deep regret that the report of the Secretary-General was not, in his opinion, based on accurate, objective and reliable information;
According to UNESCO, experts estimate that there are currently more than 6,000 languages in the world.
You know how you rush at things, jump to conclusions without proper deduction.
(m) The number of law enforcement officers trained with the assistance of UNDCP to use tools for the identification of drugs and precursors;
By becoming involved in viable enterprises that could be passed on to future generations, generations that would thus be given a means of escaping from poverty, poor people themselves would become less vulnerable.
El Salvador
That means in about 600 years, there will br standing room only on the earth.
B. Immigration Service Instructions (non—statutory)
113. During the 2008-2009 biennium, extrabudgetary resources are estimated at $3,133,200, reflecting a net decrease of approximately $700,000, to be utilized for a variety of Tribunal activities.
For adults, younger females are more likely to have inadequate intakes of riboflavin and folate compared with older females.
Access to back issues of the Journal of the United Nations
Your driving concerns1558; me. 500.
34. The effective implementation of globally targeted sanctions measures requires considerable effort and resources.
Mr. MAHMOOD (Pakistan) said that the reference in article 35 (b) should be to one Pre-Trial Chamber.
The organizations without internal audit/oversight manuals have separate operating procedures that are more or less comprehensive, with the exception of ICAO and UNRWA, which do not have either a manual or operating procedures.
Key outcomes on agenda item 6 "Comprehensive programme of disarmament"
11. Her Excellency Ms. Angela Merkel, Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General,
Would you like a cup of tea
The ancient Greeks were the first people to realize that the earth is round. The Greek geographer Ptolemy’s map of the world clearly reflects5 this belief.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 12 consecutive years, resolutions have been adopted in the General Assembly urging all countries to comply with the Charter of the United Nations and with the principles enshrined in the relevant international legal instruments and to repeal or invalidate all laws and measures the extraterritorial effects of which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction and the freedom of trade and navigation.
Most were from Scandinavia but some came from as far away as Russia, Japan and the United States.
4. Some patterns of consumption, production and development have the potential for increasing the vulnerability to natural disasters, particularly of the poor and socially disadvantaged groups.
5. International drug control: report of the Third Committee (A/57/548) [101]
The school teachers discourage smoking.
"Metropolitan Mixer" islocated in SOLANA mall, chaoyang district Beijing.
The system is designed to warn anyone within its range of an imminent threat or danger.
53. The positive statements made by the Heads of State of certain nuclear-weapon States, and in particular the President of the United States of America, gave cause for hope.
What is important for the availability of secured credit is that insolvency law contains clear rules as to the effect of insolvency proceedings on the rights of a secured creditor, so as to enable secured creditors to quantify the risks associated with insolvency and incorporate those risks into their assessment of whether to extend credit and on what terms.
36. Another unmet requirement was for a United Nations capacity to address, in the context of peacekeeping operations, the very different needs of women and men in conflict and post-conflict situations.
128. The Darfur Peace Agreement also calls for logistics support in the establishment of assembly sites for the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme in consultation with the parties.
For all its chaos, however, Ukraine is now a recognisable democracy with free media and a strong opposition.
Do you prefer smoking or non-smoking seating
Likely range (m)
This was expected to encourage smoother integration into the world economy, particularly by developing countries.
2. Establishing an information exchange platform for the promotion of BAT/BEP
These compounds chemically form minute sulfate aerosol particles that together act like a parasol, defecting incoming solar radiation and temporarily cooling the planet.
insert "monitoring, documenting and".
With the political commitment and the priority given to NCD prevention and control, we are confident that Sri Lanka can be a lead country in the region in implementing an effective nationwide NCD programme.
Draft article 48. Delivery when no negotiable transport document or negotiable electronic transport record is issued
The computer search detected 7,560, claims from 46 Governments and international organizations with information provided as to accompanying family members.
150. Most of the cases of disappearance reported to the Working Group occurred between 1988 and 1990, and between 1995 and 1996.
 220. At the time the Force was established the public communications network of the former Yugoslavia was non-existent or disrupted with much of the internal network having been damaged or destroyed by hostilities.
(b) A cessation of armed violence must be sustained, with immediate, credible and visible actions by the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic to implement the other items of the six-point plan, including:
110.21. Establish an independent mechanism to investigate complaints related to discrimination and segregation within the schooling system (Egypt);
The first geostationary satellite of the Republic of Korea, the Communication, Ocean and Meteorological Satellite (COMS), was successfully launched in June 2010 from the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou.
I. Provisional agenda
C. Policies and measures to achieve steady economic development and full productive employment; freedom of choice of employment 75 - 85 25
Once they fully accept the way they think and their own opinions, they will be more in a position to also fully accept the way other people think.
Proceeds will be used to develop programs, acquire facilities and repay debt, according to the filing.
(b) By 30 November:
12. This segment may include the following items:
Varberg Municipality
Cereal song China this whether can you rely on this product win a success again?
4. Coverage obtained through participation in the United Nations-maintained malicious acts insurance policy currently excludes 10 headquarters countries, namely, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Switzerland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America.
5. CRC recommended that Samoa revise its legislation in order to ensure that the principle of the best interests of the child is fully integrated in both common and traditional law, and reflected and implemented in all policies and programmes of Samoa.
Article 4
206. The difficulty encountered during the final review of the United Nations Programme of Action for African Economic Recovery and Development was that United Nations organizations were not structured to report on their additional activities for Africa.
"Well, no -- I reckon not.
As preparations for the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development intensified, CARICOM called on all Member States to reject business as usual and incremental improvements and prepare to confront the complex challenges of global sustainability collectively and with a sense of urgency and heightened ambition.
Working languages: Japanese, English, French, German, Chinese
- Stresses the importance of an appropriate level of military expertise for the decisions of the Council;
You'll find I'm a more than commonly stupid man.
62. Mr. Yun Yong Il (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) said that double standards and inequality were becoming ever more serious in international relations, and the United Nations was being ignored or even abused owing to heavy-handedness and arbitrariness in the use of force and the imposition of sanctions.
It is therefore important to ensure that migrants are aware of their right to request release on bail.
HR Committee - Human Rights Committee;
Rhenium is an element which is extremely dispersed in earth crust.
Annual Report 2003 / 2004
I-i just want to say I'm-i'm sorry.
Good practices should stand on their own.
Of the total amount devoted to programme expenditures, $179 million was spent in Africa; $59 million in Arab countries; $189 million in Asia and the Pacific; $20 million in Europe; and $452 million in Latin America and the Caribbean.
 Other suggestions were that the ambiguity might be resolved by limiting the possibility of exclusions to those based on the notion of reciprocity or on the basis of the low value of a procurement, in the direction of the provision in article 17 (b).
Article 19 A private enterprise with the qualification of legal person shall handle the registration of establishment, alternation or cancellation of the registration according to the provisions of Regulations of the People's Republic of China for the Registration of the Enterprise Legal Person.
Via Balbi
In order to accommodate the immediate influx of personnel pending the completion of the buildings, the Centre, with the support of MONUSCO, has initiated the erection of prefabricated modules which will host 150 staff.
The election this year, in which close to 75% of eligible voters turned out, showed how our religious democracy is maturing.
Seema Srivastava from World Trade Center Mumbai , India at business center of WTCCZ.
Some people consider their journey like a jaunty tour. They will just go merrily along .
Amendments
2. The International Year of Mountains built on chapter 13 of Agenda 21, which focuses on mountain issues, and was dedicated to protecting mountain ecosystems and improving the well-being of mountain people.
The Section, in consultation and coordination with the management and staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, will coordinate day-to-day Department of Peacekeeping Operations security issues with the relevant operational units of the Department of Safety and Security and maintain technical lines of communication with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations-led field missions.
5. Notes with regret the constraints on the operational capability of the MINURSO engineering support unit, calls for a prompt conclusion of status-of-forces agreements with the Secretary-General which is an indispensable prerequisite for the full and timely deployment of MINURSO-formed military units and recalls that pending the conclusion of such agreements, the model status-of-forces agreement dated 9 October 1990 (A/45/594), as provided for in General Assembly resolution 52/12 B, should apply provisionally;
Latin America & Caribbean-South (10 A5 plus 2 A2 countries)
This article attempts to expound from the gaming point that the government as the rule making and the performer must have good trust to become the fair third party.
The carrying amounts of goodwill and intangible assets are given in note 15.
This figure is higher than the total number of visas issued by the United States of America and the European Union to Haitians citizens in the same year.
2. AI recalled that Dominica committed to signing and ratifying a number of international human rights treaties during its first Universal Periodic Review (UPR) in December 2009.
7A.86 By its resolution 51/180 of 16 December 1996, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General, subject to the decision of the Conference of the Parties, (a) to consider authorizing the secretariat established pursuant to Assembly resolution 47/188 to act as secretariat for the transition period following the first session of the Conference of the Parties until the permanent secretariat designated by the Conference of the Parties began operating, which should not be later than 31 December 1998; and (b) to maintain the current programme budget for the interim secretariat and the arrangements relating to extrabudgetary resources until the permanent secretariat began operating.
16. GSR applies an important conceptual approach to the exploration programme in expanding its understanding of the allocated application area as well as developing it for the future needs of mankind.
The real hurdle is getting this message across to politicians and voters.
Therefore, the Daoist basis of the Communist Daoism is Taiji Daoism.
The State party must also prosecute and punish perpetrators, and inform the Committee of the results of cases currently being prosecuted.
(b) Formulation of an autonomous contribution for an integrated European space debris strategy in ESA, including the available entities in Germany;
Actual travel undertaken during the period comprised travel by two auditors to UNIKOM; travel by headquarters personnel for contingent-owned equipment briefing; regional travels undertaken by Headquarters personnel; and travel by UNIKOM staff to a chief administrative officer meeting in New York.
The General Assembly has discussed reform of the Security Council for more than a decade without comprehensive agreement on reforms in sight.
"These who pant after the very dust of the earth on the head of the helpless Also turn aside the way of the humble; And a man and his father resort to the same girl In order to profane My holy name
The international community needed to commit more resources to the region.
42. I welcomed adoption of the fiscal pact for a future with peace and development, which establishes the basis for improving the ratio between the gross domestic product and taxes collected from the current 9 per cent to 12 per cent by 2002.
29. Mr. Agthe (Observer for the International Trademark Association) said that his delegation agreed with the point raised by WIPO with regard to the last sentence of paragraph 32 of document A/CN.9/700 and proposed the following wording: "the expression `transfer other than an outright transfer' may denote the granting of rights from a licensor to a licensee where the licensor retains some control over the use of the trademark".
Increase access to early childhood education to all regions of the State party;
The functions within organizations
This has nothing to do with religion.
21. UNFICYP continued to liaise with the two sides on law enforcement and issues related to crossings on humanitarian grounds.
These men were busy rolling the vehicles off the big ship.
Turning to the notification from the European Community, he said that the notification related to a ban on all uses of amitraz as a pesticide.
The number of allegations listed in the output column does not correlate with the number of alleged perpetrators, victims, determinations or actions taken.
Take the example of fruits, which digest quickly and combining them with foods that take longer to digest, such as the proteins can cause the fruits to ferment.
In a 1996 report, the Standish Group, a professional consulting firm established in the United States of America, stated that the industry average for cost overruns amounted to 189 per cent of original cost estimates.
For example, many countries have chosen a fixed exchange rate as a monetary anti-inflation anchor.
The background papers, as well as the results of the roundtables will be published by UNHCR to inform and guide practitioners regarding these issues.
Project objective(s);
Human Rights Council, Working Group on Communications, ninth session [Human Rights Council resolution 5/1]
Within the framework of the international commitment to combating the epidemic, greater international efforts are needed in the fight against the illegal trafficking in narcotics.
Current paragraphs 3.6.5.3.1, 3.6.5.3.1.1, 3.6.5.3.1.2 and 3.6.5.3.2 become 3.6.5.3.1.1, 3.6.5.3.1.1.1, 3.6.5.3.1.1.2 and 3.6.5.3.1.2 respectively.
I also urge all regional actors to contribute positively, wherever they can, to help bring these negotiations to a rapid and successful conclusion.
The Centre produced a comprehensive report and a documentary on the Centre's activities for the past three years.
Governments, civil society and the international community will continue to have the responsibility to foster and sustain an environment in which families can ensure that their children survive and develop.
The authors looked to evolution to understand about why humans are only as smart as we are and not any smarter.
1.4.2 Maintenance of the response time to training requests received by the Regional Training and Conference Centre (2012/13: 47 per cent within 24 hours; 2013/14: 98 per cent within 24 hours; 2014/15: 98 per cent within 24 hours)
11 December 1993
3. At the same time, to improve social development, Indonesia had enacted legislation to protect health and employment and provide for injury and pension coverage.
On the basis of its findings, the Group of Experts can recommend individuals and entities for designation by the Committee for the travel ban and the assets freeze.
7. Reaffirms that all administering Powers are obliged, under the Charter and in accordance with the Declaration, to create economic, social and other conditions in the Territories under their administration that will enable those Territories to achieve genuine self-government and economic self-reliance;
Noailles, Corrèze
There must be no room for racism and xenophobia in Europe.
February
ll show you around!
First, the Advisory Committee had asked the Board to look into the issue of the management of rations in peacekeeping operations as a whole.
1. Human rights education and training is a lifelong process that concerns all ages.
Any act performed for personal benefit was outside the scope of immunities.
Funding for this group will continue for 2006/07.
Oman's cooperation with the United Nations is ongoing in all fields.
In addition, it would urge those who have not already done so to become parties to the Convention as a whole in order to ensure universal participation in it.
The major achievements and challenges, as well as the various concerns about the process, are noted below (see table 12).
Break the news as simply general, the network immediately ripped the pot.
With enhanced mine clearing and detection capacity, UNDOF continued to carry out operational mine clearance, disposing of 12 anti-tank mines and 120 kg of explosive materials collected from improvised explosive devices.
The Fangs should have provided you with housing when you married into their family.
(Zakharov against the Secretary-General of the United Nations)
She added, however, that the spotlight should be on the perpetrators, since focusing too much on the failures of the United Nations could detract some attention from that crucial endeavour.
1998 crimes by country
- Demographic, social and migration statistics
Responding to the disaster required the supreme effort of all the rescue departments.
295. As part of the promotional and preventive activities, a total of 500 persons (male) were addressed during the aforementioned period, as follows:
The Committee notes that information in this regard is not shown in the budget.
China earthquake contributionsWritten proposal All Chinese students studying in Australia students May 12, 2008 at 2:28 p.m., in Wenchuan County in Sichuan Province 7.8 earthquake that caused thousands of casualties now. Sudden disaster to people in disaster areas a great deal of pain.
253. It is anticipated that an increase in operational activities in Iraq in 2012, mainly in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Basra, will ultimately result in a surge of United Nations Guard Units and additional security elements.
22. The number and percentage of female staff in posts subject to geographical distribution and in posts with special language requirements, by grade, are shown in table 4.
Programme planning
Is that so? Are you sure you were not fired?
23. The chairpersons also took note of a decision adopted at a recent meeting of States parties to the Convention on the Rights of the Child in which States parties recommended that nominations of candidates be submitted in accordance with the two-month time period set out in the Convention.
Since the opening of the camp, seven internees have died of sicknesses, suspected to have been related to poor living conditions.
Even now, in this very room.
Scope of application and obligations
Member States are invited to provide updated information on initiatives to develop rail infrastructure in their territory, management indicators relating to staffing and traffic levels and new international rail services along the routes of the Trans-Asian Railway, in particular international container block-train services.
You're patient enough to wait for a long time without getting angry.
To wish you special joy at the holidays and all year.|  |  |  |  |  |
1. Assessment of the current trade situation 6
In addition, international staff members travelling on official business who hold UNLPs with service visas, including Agency couriers carrying the UNRWA official pouch to and from the Agency's headquarters in Amman, were obliged, in order to avoid inordinate delays, to use a VIP courier service to cross the bridge itself, at the additional cost of $75 each way for a three kilometre journey.
The Agency does not work in a vacuum.
Everything is material to the development of our service.
Interpretation criteria
Service line 2.3 Electoral systems and processes
The child's hoops kept her parents awake all night.
:: Member of the United States delegation to the XIX International Congress of Supreme Audit Institutions, 2007, in Mexico City.
In 2003, Western and Central Europe accounted for 60 per cent of cocaine seizures in North America, compared with 11 per cent in 1993 (see figure 21).
SS.X/5. Global Environment Outlook: environment for development
D. Election of officers
In conclusion, Mr. Chair, we wish you every success in your endeavours and assure you of the complete support of European Union member States in this process.
China swept board in the table tennis competition.
On this paper, all experiments were accomplished on the numerical control machine.
Each Party participating in a session shall be represented by a delegation consisting of a head of delegation and such other accredited representatives, alternate representatives and advisers as it may require.
I. Introduction
The exact wording of this second possibility was a subject of debate in the Commission when this provision was being drafted.
The video aims to raise the awareness of owner's corporations and related building management bodies on corruption problems relating to building renovation and remind them of the relevant legislations and regulations.
Informal "informal" consultations
"This is in addition to the one-year rent freeze arrangement currently in place for tenancy renewals due between 1 Feburary 1998 and 31 December 1998," a spokesman for the Authority said.
Paraguay
In particular, Europe’s politicians are balking at steps that would implicate taxpayers directly.
We wish to underline in particular the significant contributions made by United Nations representatives and by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the extensive preparatory work that was carried out with respect to the States of Central Asia.
I never thought I would lose my job here
Chinese gymnasts are determined to improve on their single gold from a possible 14 in Athens.
"Dance of Heaven and Earth" portrays a man and a woman, dressed in ancient costumes, dancing, and gazing at each other.
20. Tajikistan is facing three important ballots: the referendum on constitutional amendments on 26 September, and presidential and parliamentary elections by 6 November 1999 and February 2000, respectively.
There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark.
VI. Policy conclusions
Ever more women venture to launch their own business, however they encounter numerous obstacles.
These include improved water supply to rural communities in particular, through reservoir storage, gravity-fed water supply schemes and innovative borehole construction to ensure water availibility in times of drought.
Lao People's Democratic Republic
In addition to referring to the obligation of States to protect the rights of citizens from harmful business activities, the Guiding Principles also clearly defined the responsibility of non-State actors.
An underflow baffle wall is provided at the center of the treatment shaft to prevent short-circuiting of the flow.
Countries joined because they felt that this was something that needed to be
B:Me too.
62. The Forum may wish to:
10 to 14 September 2007, New York
Those studies included simplification of the cost-of-living index structure, updating of the list of items and specifications for the basket of goods and services, procedures to be followed in establishing expenditure weights, weights to be used with external housing data for housing component measurements, collection of housing data from the staff to establish housing weights and rental subsidy thresholds, and selection of outlets and proposed timetable for place-to-place surveys at headquarters duty stations.
63. In line with the recommendations from the military capability study conducted in December 2011, during the reporting period UNIFIL vacated seven positions to be handed over to the Lebanese Armed Forces or to the concerned landowners.
Moreover, if the American economy deteriorates further, emerging economies will be the first to suffer.
Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention against Corruption, third session [General Assembly resolution 58/4]b
The gamin expresses Paris, and Paris expresses the world.
Macrospore metrocyte of Pinus sylvestris var. mongolica developed to female gametophyte containing female gamete - egg by a series of changes.
Victims of criminal exploitation in their countries of origin (usually when they have taken the decision to emigrate or when they are lured into leaving the country), in transit countries or in countries of reception.
Article 3 The State shall adopt the International System of Units(SI).
And he had not worked, and the whole fence had been painted three times.
It is to be noted that the small percentage of defendants who receive a death sentence are not necessarily those who committed the most heinous crimes.
A talk to the principal leading comrades of the Ministry of Education.
The civilian establishment consists of 285 international staff (95 Professional staff, 125 General Service Staff, 59 Field Service personnel and 6 Security Service personnel), 105 locally recruited personnel and 10 observers from the Organization of African Unity (OAU) (A/52/730/Add.3, annex II.C).
In fact, to say the least, our daily work as a social lubricant, to blow dry your community, you know that your role has worn thin.
In June, a disagreement broke out over Bosnia and Herzegovina's position regarding the Human Rights Council resolution on the attack by Israeli forces against a Turkish humanitarian flotilla.
At the national level, the Government of Sudan has set up a fund for the reconstruction of the south and other war-stricken areas.
This chapter highlights legislative and policy measures put in place that create the environment within which economic, social and cultural rights are enjoyed in Zambia.
As a representative of media in the visual era, TV demonstrates today's visual features with its unrivalled coverage rate and achieves the unique combination of sound and image.
May we please hear that again?
Ability to listen and sensitivity to the needs of students.
Item 142. Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
In dance, spatial cognition is primarily kinesthetic: you sense the positioning of your torso and limbs at all times, even with your eyes shut, thanks to the muscles’ sensory organs.
May (3 days)
Indeed, for the last decade, digital startups have been penetrating areas traditionally dominated by the financial industry.
The Commission would need to develop sustainable solutions for addressing the persistent challenge of accessing remote areas for electoral processes.
Assistance in the formulation of action plans for implementation (12 per cent), followed by other country-specific forms of assistance (7 per cent), are the least requested.
During the period relevant to the indictment, Mr. Tolimir was the Assistant Commander for Intelligence and Security of the Main Staff of the VRS.
February 2000
He made a clean breast of all his crimes.
 146. The Committee notes with pleasure the affirmation of the representative of China that "heads of cells and trusties" in prisons, as alleged by some non-governmental organizations, do not exist in China.
The end of socialism does not silence the cry of the poor, and out of the pain of poverty must be born new dreams of justice - a new world economic order.
The report's recommendations in this area constitute an important starting point for a process that requires further deliberation and discussion to develop a commonly owned vision that should enhance the coherence and efficiency of the intergovernmental structure and reflect the principle of country ownership.
The reservations made to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women were an illustration of that.
Since then, the subject of information and communication technologies (ICT) statistics has been a regular item in the agenda of the Statistical Commission and the Partnership has reported on progress in its work in 2005 (see E/CN.3/2005/23), 2007 (see E/CN.3/2007/5) and 2009 (see E/CN.3/2009/19).
Hi, welcome to the Belt Department. Can I help you today?
The subprogramme seeks to promote and facilitate implementation of the international drug control strategy, embodied in the Global Programme of Action and the Political Declaration adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session, in 1998, other international instruments, including decisions and resolutions of the Assembly, the outcome of the two special sessions of the General Assembly contained in resolutions S-17/2, S-20/2, S-20/3 and S-20/4 and the cooperation framework developed by the Subcommittee on Drug Control of the Administrative Committee on Coordination.
The draft resolution, which would be sponsored by many other countries, would, inter alia, focus attention on the activities of certain international private security companies, the latest metamorphosis of mercenarism on a global scale.
26. The Chairman said he took it that the Committee wished to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of the report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on its work at its fifty-eighth and fifty-ninth sessions (A/56/18).
32. Once the inter-Congolese dialogue develops positively and United Nations forces are deployed in Kindu, the peace process is poised to enter a new and more complex dynamic.
Telephone: (+43-1) 26060 4809
But it does not receive the recognition which it surely deserves in most media coverage of modern China.
Discussions at the meeting were informed by submissions from Parties on experiences with the monitoring and evaluation of capacity-building at the national level, and by a technical paper on approaches to the monitoring and evaluation of capacity-building at different levels.
His Excellency Dr. Lamuel Stanislaus, Chairman of the Delegation of Grenada
PCBs Polychlorinated biphenyls
10. For an overview of the international legal standards by which the Special Rapporteur is guided in her work, she makes reference to the report of her predecessor to the Commission on Human Rights at its forty-ninth session (E/CN.4/1993/46, paras. 42-68).
He is appealing this sentence and waiting for the second instance judgement, and has been released on bail.
Dry helium is the only acceptable gas for external pressurization of the liquid container.
On the basis of the report of the Secretary-General on Somalia (S/2013/69), the Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs, Tayé-Brook Zerihoun, reported on the security situation and the options for the future United Nations presence in the country.
When the delegation visited at the weekend, they were in custody in the holding cell pending release into the custody of the employing organisation to work off the debt.
The programme stimulates in particular new employment, especially for employers with 50 employees, as well as the employment of unemployed persons who find jobs on their own.
The investigation process and solution of key problems of ultra - low carbon steel strip is introduced.
He stressed that access to renewable energy could promote the achievement of many Millennium Development Goals.
At the Launching Ceremony of "Hongkong Post Logistics - Gift Redemption Service for Standard Chartered Credit Card" held today (30 October 2001), Mr. P. C. LUK (right), Postmaster General and Mr. Peter WONG (left), Chief Executive  General Manger, Standard Chartered Bank, Hong Kong, officiated at the ceremony.
 3. Effective implementation of the elements in the Declaration requires that all parts of the United Nations system - including each department and specialized agency - strive for greater cooperation and coordination on matters affecting the rights of persons belonging to minorities.
It is found the suprasternal space should be enclosed by the superficial layer of the deep cervical fasciae and the fasciae of the infrahyoid muscles, rather than the past opinion of the textbook.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
Various conformations of human capital should be recognized active capital that are ought to be encouraged human capital should share in organizational ownership with physical capital.
Recalling further the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 20 to 22 June 2012, and its outcome document, entitled "The future we want",
Compared with CPC Version 1.1, about 200 new items have been added to CPC Version 2 in the areas of agriculture, forestry, fisheries and food.
The rail potential anomalies are important factors for the safe and stable running of metro vehicles.
Colombia
"(c) Supporting the implementation of decisions, recommendations and programmes of action adopted by the General Assembly as well as those adopted by conferences and meetings of States parties to various multilateral disarmament, non-proliferation and arms limitation agreements".
" Researchers at Manchester and Newcastle universities recommend two tomato-based meals a day for optimum health.
Do you know the name of the boy in Class Two?
(a) An indispersible solid radioactive material; or
" [9] "I just can't wait. Today you've got to give me an advance of a few dollars.
64. Despite otherwise successful efforts to improve health, the Caribbean region was facing an epidemic in obesity, including child obesity, and non-communicable diseases.
The Committee is also concerned over the prevalence of depression, which may lead to suicides among children.
General consultative status
Specialized services – information
Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov said China's response 'does not mean China is isolating Russia.
He has rich experience of designing and spot working. For about two years'rapid development, the company has finished numerous design works.
The Head of the Central Election Commission of the Republic of Uzbekistan Mirzo-Ulugbek Abdusalomov received members of the Mission and briefed them on the conduct of the presidential election campaign in the Republic of Uzbekistan and the working order of the CEC, as well as precinct and district election commissions.
Committee on Science and Technology
Article 14 stipulates: "Iraqis are equal before the law without discrimination based on gender, race, ethnicity, origin, colour, religion, creed, belief or opinion, or economic and social status".
Trust Fund for the ECE Project Energy Efficiency 2000
Prosecution of those responsible for abuses committed in East Timor was also crucial to bringing about change in Indonesia and promoting stability in the region.
B. 200 series
In later correspondence dated 23 October 2006 but not received by the Secretariat until after the closure of the last meeting of the Committee, the United Arab Emirates had re-submitted its CFC data for 2005, reporting the data to three decimal places.
Report of the Secretary-General on regional cooperation in the economic, social and related fields (E/2009/15 and addenda)
The connection between the Two of you is unreal.
South Africa templates
81. While the situation is improving in the north, it is important to bear in mind that the crisis has affected all Malians, including those living in the southern part of the country.
Donor agencies should also streamline the process of releasing official development assistance for relevant projects and initiatives.
Submit your URL to search engines for crawling.
Among the sanctions foreseen were not renewing permits or withdrawing licences.
Recommendation The Executive Board may wish to take note of the present report.
(f) the same facilities in respect of currency and exchange restrictions as are accorded to representatives of foreign Governments on temporary official missions.
information, including operational one,
See if we have any money in the petty cash fund, you can take it directly from there.
On the whole, the process of arms control is, as they say, “alive and well”.
Associate members
A decision along the following lines could be considered by the Open-ended Working Group:
There are so many kids in China beginning hating such a subject and there are so many children even giving up to go to school due to such a subject.
Taking those concerns into account, the Secretary-General proposes that contracts of international staff serving in United Nations peace operations no longer carry a limitation for service to a specific mission (see A/62/274, para. 30).
To attract more investors and offshore funds to Hong Kong, measures have been taken to abolish estate duty and exempt offshore funds from profits tax.
The Global Commission on International Migration
Effects of structural adjustment policies and foreign debt on the full enjoyment of all human rights, particularly economic, social and cultural rights
The Group therefore views the First Committee as an essential component of the United Nations.
The first stage will cover the cessation of the use of force for a short limited period of time by counter-terrorism forces and illegally armed groups.
Inculcation is the basic way of Marxist theory education.
The Committee could not differentiate what resources would be required for maintenance, operational support and infrastructure upgrading and what would be required for investment in new technologies, including research and development.
He is a good student,why did he violate rules this time
He gave up possession of the house.
In 2009, the market was particularly difficult for container shipping, as demand fell by 9 per cent, while supply continued to grow, by 5.1 per cent.
1 Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly; see General Assembly resolution S-10/2; also http://disarmament.un.org/gaspecialsession/ 10thsesmain.htm.
At the "medium" level of resources, activities would include promoting regional assessments of land-based pollution sources and activities by regional organizations in cooperation with relevant partners.
One such measure was the call for political education programmes to increase awareness about political alternatives and the implications of choices made.
Just now we are busy doing research work. I doubt whether we can spare anybody.
The next report should also contain information on minority women.
Japanese people need a machine to teach them how to dance?
Invariably, this will mean that the United Nations will have to go beyond traditional peacemaking and peacekeeping to the increased practice of preventive diplomacy aimed at pacifying potential conflict situations.
The Equal Rights for People with Disabilities (Site Accessibility Adjustments) Regulations, 5768-2008, determine accessibility requirements for archeological sites, national parks and nature reserves, as well as other areas, mainly forests, managed by the Jewish National Fund or on its behalf.
The Sixth Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM), held in Helsinki on 10-11 September, underlined the importance of the ASEM Interfaith Dialogue and recognized the value of the Alliance of Civilizations and the tripartite forum on Interfaith Cooperation for Peace.
What we're about to accomplish today will be remembered by our countrymen forever.
- on planned international conferences, seminars, symposia and similar events dealing with biological research directly related to the Convention, and
Working group of the Commission on Human Rights to elaborate a draft declaration
Election of officers of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities and the United Nations/Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations Pledging Conference for the World Food Programme
In reply, it was suggested that, because the development of arbitration practice between 1958 and the current time made arbitration the preferred or the usual method for international commercial dispute resolution, the warning function was no longer as important as formerly.
Unpaid partnership debts (United Arab Emirates)
If the dealership that denied you the first time was smaller, a larger one might have more tolerance for risk or have relationships with more lenders.
"Recalling decision IDB.28/Dec.2, in which the Industrial Development Board recommended that UNIDO's new field presence be expanded in a carefully planned, phased-in approach,
Some 1,650 pregnant and lactating women are supported through mother and child health activities.
The day of my sixth birthday, I woke up and ran to the window, hoping to see just one snowflake.
However, a security right in sub-royalties created by a licensee as a sub-licensor can have an impact on the licensee's ability to pay royalties to the licensor if the licensee is in default with respect to its obligations to its secured creditor inasmuch as that secured creditor may seek to collect the sub-royalties itself.
I-I still can't believe someone ate it!!
for short wavelengths , approaching the intermolecular distance , the velocity can vary with wavelength.
"Why, certainly!
33. The Committee noted that the General Assembly had decided to use debt-stock data for the scales for the period 2001-2003, which it had also applied for the periods 2004-2006 and 2007-2009.
Indeed, our record exceeded that of most developing countries.
18. Many gender statistics programmes are focused narrowly on compiling and disseminating sex-disaggregated data.
But I do submit that a stronger, more resolute, more respected and more active United Nations might have prevented some of the suffering of the past two years.
Three nights hotel accommodation with daily breakfast.
The Court has not treated as evidence any part of the testimony given which was not a statement of fact, but a mere expression of opinion as to the probability or otherwise of the existence of such facts, not directly known to the witness.
22. Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan) said that the use of outer space and the application of space technologies to promote sustainable development were important areas for international cooperation.
 23. UNAVEM III military contingents, on a voluntary basis, are undertaking a number of humanitarian projects, such as the running of temporary clinics and primary schools.
30 March-1 April 2005 ETHICS project training seminar on international criminal justice: infringements and institutions (Judicial Training Centre (CFJ), Dakar)
The total seizure value was $46 million.Major seizures included 73.5 kilograms of herbal cannabis, 49.2 kilograms of ketamine, 41.1 kilograms of heroin, 8.2 kilograms of cocaine and 1.9 kilograms of cannabis buds  Among these cases, 19 involved internal concealment.
Mongolia guarantees non-discriminatory principles towards employment and the Constitution (1992) stipulates that every citizen enjoys the rights to choose their specialization and skills, favourable working conditions, adequate payment and the right to run their own business.
2. With the presidential election of 2015 already on the horizon, political posturing and pre-campaign activities have dominated political developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
Model 1
Article 44 In case that land reclamation, rock quarrying, sand quarrying, soil extracting, seed collecting, resin tapping and other activities are conducted in violation of the provisions of this law, as a result of which the forests and trees are damaged, the compensation in damages shall be paid; the competent forestry authorities shall order the termination of the law-breaking activities and the reseeding of trees between one time and three times the number of trees damaged and may impose a fine amounting to between one time and five times the value of the trees damaged.
The Japanese yen is one of the stronger currencies in the world.
In order to further underpin this close cooperation, a General Assembly resolution on the relationship between the United Nations and the OSCE would be more than welcome.
Tom had this problem of getting up late in the morning and was always late for work.
As currently drafted, paragraph 2 emphasized the fact that, in decolonization questions involving a sovereignty dispute, the principle of territorial integrity should be applied, rather than that of self-determination, and that the dispute should be resolved peacefully through direct negotiations between the concerned parties.
The Committee continued its consideration of the item.
 In addition, LAS and its specialized organizations have been represented regularly at other meetings of organizations and agencies of the United Nations system which, in turn, have participated in meetings organized by the League and its specialized organizations.
The Review of the Decision Not to Prosecute
19. Future challenges were clearly defined in the Millennium Declaration and echoed in the New Partnership for Africa's Development and the Monterrey Consensus.
Singapore Institute of International Affairs
B. Applicability of the torture and ill-treatment framework in health-care settings 17 - 26 5
Expressing grave concern about the continuation by Israel of settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, relevant United Nations resolutions and the agreements reached between the parties, including the construction and expansion of the settlements in Jabal Abu-Ghneim and Ras Al-Amud in and around Occupied East Jerusalem,
The store demand note would be raised as required by the user departments and the warehouse controller would issue against that specific store demand note.
The Committee has studied the material submitted by the parties, including the rulings on applications for legal protection raised in the complaints lodged by the author with the Committee, and notes the disagreement of the author with the interpretation of domestic legislation arrived at by the courts of the State party.
Issues brought to the Office in 2013, by category
To call upon Member States, Arab organizations, Arab funds, the competent ministerial councils and Arab non-governmental organizations to provide humanitarian support to the Somali people to help alleviate their suffering;
Debt relief or forgiveness would not solve the long-term problem of debt.
In 2012, the National Commission on Space Activities (CONAE) of Argentina signed a cooperation agreement with UN-SPIDER to become a regional support office.
Economies in transition
The Committee recommends that the State party proceed swiftly with the adoption of legislation prohibiting the use of corporal punishment in all settings, and take effective measures to raise awareness among the public against the use of violence against children, including corporal punishment.
In order to help reduce pollution problem, we recommend that all on time every day cleaning sinks.
Köprülü Mehmed Pasha
There's enough here for first and last month's rent, plus security.
"'Who told you to steal?
Cuts in budget deficits were therefore one of the necessary macroeconomic adjustment measures for solving the debt problem.
But we'll guide you first through some of the more important configuration options which also serves as a quick product tour.
They have no knowledge of anything that happens outside of their own observation .
Notable among them are the World Summit on Sustainable Development and the International Conference on Financing for Development, both held in 2002; the 2005 World Summit (A/RES/60/1); and the High-Level Meeting on HIV/AIDS, held in 2006 (A/RES/60/262).
Listen Read LearnGucci: So what do you feel like doing this evening?
Lupin: Harry, this man is... Harry: I know what he is.
Y. Additional Protocol to the SAARC Regional Convention on Suppression of Terrorism, adopted at Islamabad on 6 January 2004 (entered into force on 12 January 2006): all seven States members of SAARC (Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka) are parties to the Additional Protocol;
Background information
Physical education tour resource is the premises and base for market developing of physical education tour.
You see, oxygen-18 is one of the minor oxygen isotopes.It's easy to get samples of water containing more oxygen-18 than normal water does.
(10) The Committee notes with interest the efforts made by the State party to integrate refugees -- mostly of Colombian origin -- into Ecuadorian society and welcomes the recognition of these efforts by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in its awareness campaign Gracias Ecuador ("Thanks, Ecuador").
- Preparation of documentation forms for reports and studies;
The Panel faced an added difficulty in that many such C6 claims have not yet been resolved.
The decisive role in this, in our opinion, belongs to the United Nations.
These are not enforceable by courts of law but are to be implemented on an incremental basis, through policy, guidelines and social programmes that are subject to Lesotho's economic capacity and development.
So tonight, let us ask ourselves  if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see
Oslo, 11 - 14 September 2012
Applicants who are not contacted within one month may consider their applications unsuccessful.
Any nominations received after that date will be issued as addenda to the present document.
Within that framework, we consider The Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation to be a practical step towards an internationally accepted legal framework in that field.
Ostrich hair the quality be soft plentiful full elegance and hand good is a clothing industry of best go together with to anticipate.
Indeed, instigating and supporting long-term change is a far more complicated undertaking than treating the casualties of broken systems.
S/2007/582
8. The savings of $54,300 were due primarily to priority given to the Ndezarici dormitory/United Nations House project and consequential non-implementation of lower priority projects.
It was regrettable that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty still had not entered into force.
Do not give active advantageous position easily investor, meet without the person in pioneering process Le Shanhao is applied.
Millions more have been affected in irreparable ways because of disease, displacement, loss of livelihood and intermittent, if not constant, threats to their security.
His comments reflect a steelier view within government that Israel is ready to weather economic isolation.
70. The recommendation will be implemented by the Internal Audit Division during the biennium 2002-2003.
 At the time - some three years ago - when Yugoslavia experienced its dissolution, we were doing our best to carry out the separation in a peaceful fashion and without any violence. For reasons already known, our initiatives did not bear fruit.
Although the result of the questionnaire was inconclusive, it reconfirmed the almost universal frustration that exists with regard to the inability of the Working Group to produce desired outcomes.
The report provided the impetus for Congress to pass RA No. 7722 and RA No. 7796 in 1994 creating CHED and TESDA, respectively.
Johnnie Walker has 34 per cent of the Chinese whisky market, making it the second most popular brand behind Pernod Ricard's Chivas Regal, which has a 50 per cent share.
China's nuclear power industry is developing steadily.China supports the Agency to play an active role in strengthening nuclear safety and security and guarding against nuclear terrorism according to the purposes of the Statute of the IAEA.
As a consequence, for the control period 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000, Peru was in non-compliance with its obligations under Article 2A of the Montreal Protocol;
The sides are made from two sheets of aluminium with a polystyrene core for insulation.
These values must be reinforced, including by members of civil society and the private sector.
Patients produce insulin, but their bodies cannot use it properly.
The question was raised whether current or new arms control instruments could be used as a means of regulating unmanned aerial vehicles in the distant future.
After the establishment of jurisdiction will be unified BJ sales branch - Tianjin -  Tanggu  District sales business.
Annette is careful to match under sunlight, since the artificial pallor of fluorescent bulbs isn't a reliable indicator of true color.
m glad to see you again. ll call you.
Mr. Sergey A. Zhdanov
Privacy Zone for Youngsters
Unfortunately, unlike a lot of electronic technology which sees a doubling in capabilities every 18 months, battery technology growth is only linear, says Tom Bernhard, director of product marketing for Fujitsu.
In August 1996, the Representative of the Secretary-General on internally displaced persons and the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions received information indicating that internally displaced persons were being returned to the Tavildara area of Tajikistan.
Informal consultations of the draft resolution entitled "Protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism" (under agenda item 64 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Mexico)
Concrete steps need to be taken towards a comprehensive peace agreement.
15 December 2008a
My brother has never been abroad before, so he is fending this trip very exciting
Debt relief as per cent of total debt
Action was to be taken to improve national, subregional and regional expertise for tackling terrorism, especially complex issues such as the financing of terrorism. Emphasis was placed on strengthening capacity to prevent and control terrorism by training and modernizing relevant law enforcement, border management and other agencies.
II, diaphaneity must be unable to gold and silver in color.
124. It may be recalled that the national action plan (PAN) 2010 - 2014 was expanded to take in such phenomena as forced marriage, female genital mutilation and honour-related violence, thereby demonstrating Belgian's determination to step up its efforts to combat these phenomena.
272. At its 20th meeting on 22 June 2000, the Committee considered the Annual Overview Report of the Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC) for 1999 (E/2000/53).
These instruments have made a positive contribution to the promotion of the peaceful use of outer space and the regulation of space activities.
H. Economic and environmental questions
(a) Law on Domestic Violence Protection, in 2010;
1. The author of the communication is Mr. Erich Gilberg, a German national, born on 28 June 1937.
Construction began in September 2006. Zhou said it will take several more months for workers to seal the interior of the tunnel with concrete before it is put into service at the end of this year.
There should be independent scrutiny of the voting and counting process and access to judicial review or other equivalent process so that electors have confidence in the security of the ballot and the counting of the votes.
IDB.21/Dec.14
144. In Central and South America, sexual exploitation of children is widespread and it is often linked with the millions of street children there.
The Executive Board shall draw on the expertise necessary to perform its functions, including from the UNFCCC roster of experts.
In practice, however, access to environmentally sound technologies may be essential for the successful implementation of EMS standards.
Madame  Danglars   mechanically  took the check, the bond, and the heap of bank - notes.
Decision on Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) observer participation in the work of the Executive Committee of the High Commissioner's Programme and its Standing Committee 28
Meetings of the World Intellectual Property Organization, World Health Organization, International Labour Organization and other specialized agencies in Geneva (January 2009-present), especially those concerning negotiations on the pandemic influenza preparedness framework and medicinal products of questionable quality, safety and efficacy.
Top-performing countries such as Singapore and South Korea do not consider projects in isolation; they consider how each supports their policy objectives, and they weigh it against other projects that might yield better returns.
It behooves him well, if he be still in life, responded the townsman.
Communication from the source
In addition, and probably later in the first financial period, the functions of the section may include the requirement to ensure the safety of witnesses in the premises both before and after testifying.
Delegations of some countries to the General Assembly, as well as the Commission for Social Development, have included representatives of non-governmental organizations involved in activities related to the follow-up to the Summit.
Lists of newspapers
Against this background, in gross violation of the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, to which it is a party, Armenia continues its military build-up in the occupied territories of Azerbaijan.
6. Humanitarian activities take place in a political environment and thus are affected by and affect that environment.
' Overall, water consumption fell to less than 3.4 billion cubic meters last year, from 4.04 billion cubic meters in 2000, officials say.
51. Cyprus, through the Ministry of Justice and Public Order and the National Machinery for Women's Rights, has been represented at a plethora of International Conferences of the United Nations including the:
There is a plant that is used for almost every thing.
UN Works Programme (212) 963-2300
This permitted the machine scales considered by the Committee to indicate what the relative assessment rates of Member States would be if the ceiling were not applied.
4. Also welcomes the active participation of the Territory in the work of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean;
Direct quench can also be used with the sequential aging of aluminum casting alloys.
173. Mr. MAQUIEIRA (Chile) was in favour of clustering the two items.
Academia vigorous a research campaign because of the important bronzes " posy . "
237. While the Committee recognizes the existence of legislative measures to address sexual exploitation and trafficking of children, including the national programme on the Prevention of Trafficking in Human Beings 2004-2008, as well as the training of law-enforcement personnel, the Committee is concerned that a general lack of awareness among young people in Latvia, combined with the economic hardships they face, increases their vulnerability.
The Conference accordingly invited Mr. J. Ashe (Antigua and Barbuda), Chairman of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI), and Mr. H. Dovland (Norway), Chairman of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA), to undertake consultations on the possible adjustments listed in that note, and to report back to the Conference prior to the adoption of the decisions, with recommendations for appropriate action.
The start of construction work on the Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) pipeline from the Tengiz field to the Russian port of Novorossiysk has been delayed.
Least developed countries accounted for some 52 per cent of total expenditure, 83 per cent of which was in low-income least developed countries and 15 per cent in lower-middle income least developed countries.
The police think they are dealing with an ordinary case of robbery but there's more to it than meets the eye. Meet the eye 1.
14 (e)
1. United Nations Truce Supervision Organization
79. The landlocked developing countries had to bear additional costs, which seriously impeded trade and the development of their economies and he therefore welcomed progress made towards the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Officers of Lo Wu Control Point conducted 7 joint operations with the Shenzhen Lohu Customs with a view to combating the smuggling of dutiable commodities into Hong Kong by incoming passengers.As a result, 13 cases involving 13 passengers and 4 508 sticks of cigarette, 0.7 litre of liquor, 4 kilograms of fresh pork and 1 kilogram of fresh chicken were effected.
It would neither be the most efficient approach, nor would it necessarily be consistent with the African Standby Force concept.
Text: Gacetas No. 69, 70, 71, 72 of 21, 22, 24 and 25 March 1980, respectively.
2. Ms. Huda Ben Amer (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya) said that, in her country, decisions were made by the basic people's congresses.
Rovshan Ismayilov (Azerbaijan)
II. Proposed action
Have you ever pondered if your company has done enough to safeguard against corruption and other malpractices?
Annual ministerial review: implementing the
Synchronous Transmission refers to the type of transmission in whitch digital signals are transmitted with precise clocking. Such signals have the same frequency, with individual characters encapsulated in control bits (called start bits and stop bits) that designate the beginning and the end of each character.
Excuse us for delay in answering your letter.
If the design bidding of conceptual construction project schemes is conducted, the tenderee shall pay 80% of the phased scheme design fee as set by the state to the bid winner.
The sessions on space law at the Fourth African Leadership Conference comprised two segments, one on capacity-building in space law in Africa with emphasis on the status and needs of education in space law at the university level and the other on legal issues related to space technology development, in particular in the field of small satellites, with emphasis on responsibility for national space activities, liability for damage caused by space objects, registration of objects launched into outer space and space debris mitigation measures.
To date, a total of 472 children and youth have been discharged from the military since the signing of the joint action plan.
Original create proof decoration plate, make it perfect, luxury and elegant.
for the first time, a woman was named as military attaché in China;
There were numerous instances of property being removed from buildings by Turkish personnel, which UNFICYP protested to the Turkish forces.
Economic reasons have been rejected, however, as a valid consideration with respect to the expulsion of EU citizens.
For not saying:I told you so when she could have uttered these words dozens of times?
An agenda to take our mothers and our infants into the twenty-first century with the hope of a better future.
Albert Binger (Jamaica)
Orchard development was another area of focus both through the establishment of a demonstration orchard in Cayman Brac and the use of the Department's orchard in Grand Cayman.
My girlfriend's sister is an interior decorator, so she's been helping out a bit.
PCSBOOKS is the wholesale division which buy and sell books to trade only.
More than half (51 per cent) of the families with single parents raising a minor child, but only 7 per cent of the families with two parents, belong to the category where the net income of the family (net wage, allowances, maintenance benefit etc) is below 5,000 kroons per month.
Nicaragua
I want to reserve a seat from Los Angeles to Tokyo. 11.
These minors may be the victim of heavy physical, psychological and sexual abuse, often linked to substance abuse.
I would love to help   but it's out of my hands.
Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Gambia, Ghana, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Honduras, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Jamaica, Jordan, Kuwait, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Madagascar, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Marshall Islands, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Senegal, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Tunisia, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Vanuatu, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Go to the arrogance and many sons, modal color and Yin volunteers are conducive to the son, is the body.
The efficiencies gained from the reorganization of services have permitted the section to respond to the increased demands without an increase in available resources.
Shortly after the news of her death spread, celebrities, music critics and enthusiasts expressed dismay on social media sites.
52. In both Kigali and Kampala, the mission reiterated the concern of the Security Council regarding the continued presence of foreign armed groups in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Long Wall -- the longest monument in Southeast Asia -- could become a major tourist attraction.
As previously noted (para. 114), oil pollution can cause damage to mangrove forests at all growth stages.
 59. Turning to the training activities of INSTRAW, one Board member referred to the subregional workshop on statistics and indicators on women for francophone African countries, held in Morocco.
why is not every body as happy?
27 June 2014
All over the world, climate variability, associated with climate change resulting from human actions, is leading to an increase in the frequency and intensity of floods, droughts and desertification.
 Thus, by the 1950s we had already outlined very clearly the basic aspects of the so-called social state of law, or welfare state.
After a minute or two we heard someone on the other side of the door. A low gasp.
7 Ibid., Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 7 (A/53/7 and Add.1-15), document A/53/7, paras. 7173.
INTERVENE A week intervenes between Christmas and New Year's Day.
They must also take the first steps towards fulfilling their own international obligations by adopting legislation to incorporate in their domestic law the rights contained in international and regional human rights treaties, which they must ratify if they have not done so already.
We regret that the Conference on Disarmament, having adopted its programme of work, has not yet begun its implementation.
Unable to sell his Detroit home, Sam Kirkland has been kept apart from his wife in Phoenix.
6.8 Construction of infrastructure in this manner would be an investment in the future of Hong Kong. The aim is that,
F. Financial results for the biennium
Ugljevik
This risk occurs because a user's credentials remain in the cache when the next user accesses the kiosk.
Marine Department Headquarters
According to the electrode orbiting patterns, the scattered meshes were non - uniformly offset.
87. In 2011 and 2012, the Panel of Experts interacted with an increased number of States regarding the implementation of the Council's relevant sanctions measures.
You want to go to Canada now, Riley?
You know,we still have to interview several applicant.
251. In paragraph 102, UNICEF agreed with the Board's recommendation that it: (a) provide necessary support to the offices with higher programme budget allotment extension rates to improve programme implementation; and (b) put in place measures to monitor the timeliness of submission of requests for programme budget allotment extensions by field offices.
:: Anti-Corruption Agency
(b) Science and technology for development (A/58/3 (Suppl.), A/58/74-E/2003/58, A/58/76, A/58/201 and A/58/204)
They set out safety requirements and procedures to be observed by all users of the Ariane launch base.
 She recalled several considerations contained in her mission report on the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities for the year 1996, distributed to Board members for their information.
No Flash content, Java applet, PHP is allowed.
(2) making, storing, transporting or using dangerous objects, in violation of regulations concerning the control of dangerous objects such as explosives, deadly poisons, combustibles and radioactive elements, but not having caused serious consequences;
Delayed onset muscle soreness
107. The support account for peacekeeping operations funding authorized by the General Assembly increased from $3.3 million to $4.2 million in accordance with General Assembly resolution 64/228, reflecting the cost of the secondary data centre from 31 July 2011 to 30 June 2012.
2012 in the Central African Republic
33. The Special Rapporteur has been informed of the case of Tek Bahadur Shahi, an NCP member, who was allegedly attacked by armed members of the CPN (Maoist)
Member States would be given opportunities to put forward their points of view and representatives of the private sector and the academic community would be asked to help contribute to a clearer understanding of how best to proceed.
Currently, it is claimed to be 6 per cent and falling.
It is only right that we should all deliver on our various commitments.
Formal remittance flows to developing countries alone grew to $401 billion last year.
(k) Violations may occur as a result of State conduct that has effects within a State's territory, or extraterritorially;
Operation Guillotine is now in effect.
(e) Increased number of subscribing/cost-sharing agencies
He didn't come back until late in the evening
20. On the question of the relationship between the Commission and the Sixth Committee in the codification and progressive development of international law, which had been raised by the Chairman of the Commission in his introductory statement, he urged that all the parties concerned should assume responsibility for the current situation and endeavour to understand the underlying problems so as to adopt a sound strategy for the future.
The report is presented as a set of recommended changes to the current constitution, designed to provide the Territory with more internal self-governance.
Bacterial sex is dysenteric abbreviation bacterium dysentery it is the infection of acute bowel path that causes by all sorts of dysenteric bacili.
Socheongdo
18. Also reaffirms that the United Nations website is an essential tool for Member States, the media, educational institutions, the general public and nongovernmental organizations, and reiterates the continued need for efforts by the Department of Public Information to maintain and improve it;
It was so decided.
In that regard, the programme will strengthen its collaboration with other United Nations agencies and the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States to mainstream the Istanbul Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries at the national level.
The meeting rose at 10.30 a.m.
Province: Shaanxi
The shelf is so high it is well out of / beyond my reach.
THAILAND (millions of baht)
13. Having successfully steered the twelfth Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit where the importance of the creation of an ASEAN human rights mechanism was recognized, the Philippines will continue its role as initiator in the establishment of an ASEAN human rights mechanism.
On 4 March 2005, the Chairman also addressed letters to members of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), further to his letter of 17 December 2004, again requesting information on measures taken by them to implement the relevant resolutions.
"That would quiet.. .fear that they could become rogues or soldiers of fortune."
Introduction
 The calendar of production of subsequent editions provides for the submission of the 1991 edition by the end of 1993; the 1987, 1992 and 1988 editions in 1994; and the 1989 and 1993 editions in 1995.
Analysts took the same view of the home sales data. Sales fell 3 percent, but still appeared to be carving out a bottom.
Their decision has been acclaimed all over the world.
My mom was at home in the hospital dying while I was on vacation.
91. Ms. Halpern (United States of America), speaking in explanation of vote before the voting, said that the United States had worked continuously to support the social and economic development and legitimate aspirations of the Palestinian people, as demonstrated by its high level of assistance to them, and remained committed to the two-State solution.
One of the key themes of the event was the emergence of new data architectures.
We can use the pr icing technique of callable bond to price foreign exchange structured deposits.
He is continuously capricious.
2. As the members of the Security Council are aware, I have appointed Harri Holkeri (Finland) as my new Special Representative and Head of UNMIK.
Engaging regional and extra-regional partners to assist in democratic development and institution building.
It is an excellent initial treatment when blood pressure creeps into the unhealthy zone and a perfect partner for medications.
 14. Operational organizations such as the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) have already established rapid-response capacities that permit quick, sector-specific assessments of emergency situations and support for field-based activities.
In South Asia it is estimated that half of the total emitted black carbon is from biomass-burning stoves, and that it disrupts the monsoons and therefore potentially threatens water availability.
And the Water Cube pool is considered fast: it's deep and wide, providing calmer water for the swimmers.
56. Given the critical security situation and the state of the institutions, it would seem reasonable initially to set limited and realistic goals with regard to technical assistance.
In that resolution, the Assembly requested the Working Group to assist the Secretary-General and the Commissioner-General of UNRWA in reaching solutions to the problems posed by the Agency's financial crisis.
She sobbed hysterically, and her thin body was shaken.
Furthermore, the Committee recommends to the State party to improve counselling services for parents.
Worries that the dollar could continue strengthening have already boosted cross-border M&A activity.
:: Data collection from a smaller sample of countries representative of the full range of troop contributions
Programme activities budget
Other international organizations
National Action Plan for Integrated Water Resources Management
The supply chain model is set up when one manufacturer and two distributors depend on the divided mechanism.
HUAHUA: That newly opened Haidilao hotpot restaurant in Dahuisi is supposed to be excellent.
The next chapter in this absorbing drama was foretold on June 30th, in the latest education white paper.
Output 7. Strengthened existing partnership arrangements with United Nations partners
Dude, I will not disappoint.
44th meeting 28 May 1999
No. 42 Workmen's Compensation (Occupational Diseases) (1934).
Mr. Escobar pointed out that the Peruvian authorities had given away part of their ancestral territories and the towns and mining activities developed were now causing contamination of Lake Titicaca, with a consequent depletion of the natural resources on which the Uro depend.
2. Skim and review before class starts Review is one of your best weapons against challenging exams
Lively. crazy and tough juvenility.
65. It is necessary to remind the aggressors that, like the first generation of human rights comprising civil and political rights and the second generation comprising economic, social and cultural rights, the right to peace and the right to a sound environment are now third-generation rights.
Objective To investigate the effect of doparnine receptor agonist piribedil on dopamine transporter.
However, as court proceedings can be slow and costly, often they are less likely to produce the highest possible amount upon the disposition of the assets being sold.
The respondent stressed the need for more rigorous and uniform victim identification and assistance procedures, guided by the principles of respect for the rights of victims, unconditional assistance, and social inclusion as the final outcome.
Such protective measures shall not be continued against the will of the woman concerned.
single
This type of erosion, termed sheet-and-rill erosion, occurs when there is insufficient vegetation to hold soil in place.
9. Future work of the Permanent Forum, including issues of the Economic and Social Council and emerging issues.
The Organization's important work in those areas focuses on the Millennium Development Goals.
Even if America succeeds in dividing the developing countries, however, it may inspire a degree of unity elsewhere.
OP-CEDAW 7 January 2005
In this mode of operation it is important that a dialogue is underway to identify how the demand will be satisfied in the event the proposal becomes an approved project.
Productivity growth is overlooked today.
Informal consultations had been held on UNDP and UNFPA financial issues, on the report on the evaluation of UNIFEM, on the UNFPA information strategy, and on harmonization of budget and accounts.
More mammals have become extinct in that country over the last 200 years than in any other place in the world.
EMPRETEC/SEBRAE Round Table: Best Practices in the Promotion of Clusters and Global Value Chains (16 June 2004)
Not surprisingly, as the persistence unit is no longer defined by Java EE, no such name will be populated by the OSGi JPA runtime.
I picked it out myself.
The web site will be used for online publications, competitions and good practices for and by young people.
Article 7 Disputes shall be fairly and reasonably settled by arbitration on the basis of facts and in accordance with the relevant provisions of law.
Enjoy the information and feel free to call me to order your own samples of this delightfully delicious melt-in-your-mouth chocolate.
Be quick and serve us!
Our country is one of the leaders of the Ottawa Convention to destroy these landmines and will host the next meeting of States parties in Cartagena.
V. Actions to be taken by the General Assembly
In subparagraph (a), the words "including those outlined in the present resolution" should be deleted.
However, they will be without David Trezeguet and Pavel Nedved, who did not make the trip to Naples.
The requirement that all staff members should uphold high standards of integrity, conduct and concern for the public interest was consistent with expectations in most systems of national and international civil services.
In addition to the delivery of induction training to the units directly deployed in the regions, the staff in the regional offices will be in charge of providing language courses, staff development courses and training, including the protection of civilians, mentoring, conduct and discipline.
He is not containable at all
In the Niger delta, where oil production and official neglect have devastated the environment and wrecked livelihoods, enraged youths took to the swamps and led an insurgency against Federal troops.
(e) For Western Asia, in Cairo, from 4 to 6 October 2009, in association with the eleventh session of the Joint Committee on Environment and Development in the Arab Region (see E/CN.17/2010/10/Add.5).
However, he has at every opportunity urged the parties to catalyse the negotiations and return swiftly to the negotiating table.
Jean Valjean was, in fact, regularly installed; he had his belled knee-cap; henceforth he was official.
Norway contributes actively to space debris monitoring and takes part in the ESA preparatory programme on space situational awareness (SSA). The possible role of the European Incoherent Scatter (EISCAT) research radar system in this context is being explored.
When the guard looked in the trunk, he was surprised to find six sacks bulging at the seams.
Where they were, their impact on the capacity of the Burundian judicial system and its administration of justice to prosecute impartially and independently has been limited. C. State of the judiciary
42. In connection with fund-raising, at the request of ACC the Secretary-General has established the Trust Fund for Security of United Nations system staff in the field, which is being administered by the United Nations Security Coordinator.
207.It's only a matter of time.
Developing countries, especially those with ongoing UNIDO programmes, might benefit from an expanded presence of field representatives with relevant expertise.
Sixty-third session
Poverty, education and a majority of health indicators also show wide spatial disparities, with urban populations being noticeably better off than rural populations, and significant inequalities remain based on gender, age and ethnicity and migrant, indigenous and disability status.
In conclusion, as in previous years, we express the hope that the First Committee will adopt the draft resolution by consensus.
TOTAL INCOME
Accountability and the recognition of State responsibility for violations were important, as they consolidated societal trust in State commitment to non-recurrence, and she recalled Brazil's efforts in that regard through its Amnesty Commission and National Truth Commission.
July 4 - The first meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of “Shanghai Five” states took place in Dushanbe.
maybe...we could meet back in the guest room -- say around noon?
Sixty-fifth Session
DPA Information is gathered through research, news monitoring, liaison with United Nations field presences, exchange of information and consultations with Member States, regional organizations, civil society, academia, the United Nations system; field visits and fact-finding missions.
In addition, as indicated, other assistance over a wide variety of specific matters is available on a discretionary basis to help with specific expenses such as accommodation or other special requirements.
8. National standardization:
In the United Nations Secretariat, while 31 per cent overall of the professional staff were women, the percentage in senior management only reached 13 per cent.
This is, by its nature, an appeal solely based on humanity, transcending the inevitable questions of "right" and "wrong", of history or current realities, between parties to any conflict.
Resolution No. 62/92 (12/7/96).
One of the fiercest southern budget hawks is Mark Sanford , the ( Republican ) governor of South Carolina.
Accordingly, it should amend its legislation to allow teenage mothers to register their children without the need for a court order.
'It's over, ' his mother gasped, before she was dragged away by the waves, he said.
Gratreuil
We are eager to continue and deepen the dialogue on this important matter with all members of the Security Council.
It tears the fabric of society.
Military, police and civilian personnel
Working paper No. 91, Africa West Division
However, in accordance with UNDP reporting requirements, executing agencies may retain unliquidated obligations beyond 12 months when a firm liability to pay still exists.
His delegation hoped that the Secretary-General would address comprehensively the related issues raised by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/276, including the question of delays in the settlement of claims.
We wish every success for your meeting.
There are quite a few several city's worth of relics in this museum.
IDENTICAL LETTERS DATED 8 AND 9 JUNE 1998 FROM THE CHARGÉ
 Finally, the programme includes proposals in response to the Statistical Commission's action plan, adopted in 1993, for strengthening international statistical cooperation and statistical development and provision of services to national statistical offices.
In the light of the above, the Greek Cypriot representative's remarks about Northern Cyprus stand as a smokescreen for covering up his own administration's poor record in effectively fighting drug trafficking and crime in general.
But we said, the right way to do this is not going around and using guarantees or injecting capital, and there锛妔 been various proposals to do that, but to use market mechanisms.搂
Fix me, motherfucker!
Regulation 11 of the Prevention of Terrorism (Special Measures) Regulations 2003 provides that no person shall directly or indirectly provide any listed terrorist with technical advice, assistance or training related to military activities.
and reports of the Board of Auditors
According to a new study by the Boston Consulting Group, retail sales on the web in Europe were worth $3.6 billion, and may rise to $9 billion this year
Johnny Damon, the new leadoff batter, started scoring rallies in the third and sixth innings.
Rwanda
3. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
At every point it is possible to define the state of buteaucratic play.
PSA has launched a programme consisting of the introduction of oily varieties of groundnut and the use of an oil press for extracting cooking oil.
I've always been a bit adventurous, so, Ranulph Fiennes was a big hero of mine, and then I saw the film, Under Fire, about Nicaragua.
33. The administration of justice, as described in previous Special Rapporteur reports, remained of concern during the reporting period.
Each winner will be notified by letter individually on prize collection matters. If there is any enquiry, please contact us on 2785 5711.
19. Urges States and international organizations to share evidence and information for antipiracy law enforcement purposes with a view to ensuring effective prosecution of suspected, and imprisonment of convicted, pirates;
The digital effects were not limited to re - creating realistic settings.
 There is a need for greatly intensified international cooperation and assistance among countries of emigration and immigration, which would be in the interest of both.
Overview of related work in the United Nations system and other international bodies
Presentation of the publications in a high-profile way (a road show, press release, dedicated interactive website, etc) is also important.
Mr. Malcolm David Evans, Chair of the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture (oral report and interactive dialogue)
The decrease in non-post requirements in the amount of $432,000 results from the more efficient management of resources.
His Majesty Sultan Qaboos Bin Said, Sultan of Oman;
The parties to the dispute shall cooperate with the conciliation commission.
It's dusty. We must dust every day.
Yet the same EU members have failed to endow the European Commission with overall responsibility for holding member governments to their commitments and, where necessary, imposing penalties for breaches.
# The asset allocation and geographic distribution of the funds are for reference only and the investment manager(s) may exercise the discretion to change the investment allocation whenever appropriate.
In decision GC.15/Dec.17, the General Conference at its fifteenth session requested the Director General to submit from 2015 onwards to the Industrial Development Board in the second year of the biennium, through the Programme and Budget Committee, a draft MTPF on a quadrennial basis, taking into account the Lima Declaration: Towards inclusive and sustainable industrial development (GC.15/Res.1).
For example, in the Guereda area there were confirmed reports that in order to augment their forces, the United Front for Change abducted children while on their way to school or to the market, and these children are among those who were demobilized in February 2007, as highlighted above.
Their engagement spans a gamut of activities, from raising awareness on specific issues to taking part in local government decisions and contributing to commercial and public products and services.
Arrondissement of Vendôme
The Regional Courses also provide an opportunity for the participants to focus on contemporary issues of international law in the region with a view to promoting greater understanding and cooperation on such issues.
My dear devotees, Please accept my humble obeisances.
I' m not going to use Big Boss
Thus, in response to the question of a student about the perspectives of expanding Armenia's territory at the expense of neighbouring Turkey, Serzh Sargsyan said that the realization of this duty would depend on the efforts of the new generation and referred as an example to the fulfilment of the task of capturing a part of what he called "our fatherland -- Karabakh".
(xvi) One representative from an Asian State;
of Iraq addressed to the President of the Security Council On 11 August 1999, the Kuwaiti authorities seized an Indian vessel, the Naurani, alleging that it was carrying 250 tons of infant milk, boxes of teats and feeding bottles.
The participants have discussed all agenda items of the two working groups.
2023
(Agenda items 3 and 4)
Income-generating and job-creating policies and measures should give special attention to young people, who constitute the bulk of migrants to urban areas.
One of the reasons is Social Security's adoption of stricter criteria for granting new benefits.
I thus have the honour to herewith submit to you the standing invitation of Liechtenstein to all thematic special procedures of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
In subparagraph (a), after the words "related data" insert the words "and metadata".
46. Ms. Petersen (Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela) asked whether the Working Group had reached an opinion on the legal qualification of deaths caused by private actors in armed conflict.
Bismarck, North Dakota
Concerning Asia, the Council of the European Union has endorsed several communications setting down strategic recommendations for relations with Asia which include a central reference to human rights and democratization.
 There is an urgent need for urgent, meaningful and sincere dialogue between representatives of the rich and poor nations to bridge this gap in consultation and consensus-building.
In a format jointly agreed on by UNDP, UNFPA, the United Nations Children's Fund and the World Food Programme, this report follows the areas addressed in the report of the Secretary-General on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system (E/1998/48) and General Assembly resolution 56/201.
How often do you read the newspaper
As part of the International Year of Youth, an additional prize was created for youth entries.
In September, 1999, she was appointed Chairperson of the University Council, with the concurrent posts of Director of the Liberal Arts Computer Teaching Supervision Committee, and the Vice-Chairman of National Institutions of Higher Learning Computer Teaching Research Board.
The baby cannot sit unaided she has to be propped up on pillows.
Fig. 4 schematically shows the block diagram of the thermometer-coded envelope modulated polar amplifiers which are used in the embodiment.
Although significant progress has been made in the implementation of the accords in a number of sectors, much remains to be done.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace. It circled over the South before leaving at 1649 hours.
3-28 July 2006
To this end, Indonesia reiterates its human rights pledges and commitments, involving the following:
1.7 The Committee would be glad to receive a report on the progress and functions of Canada's Border Services Agency (CBSA) established in 2003.
2. Chan Wah was a non-indigenous villager born and brought up in Po Toi O Village and married an indigenous woman.
All staff have access to relevant and reasonable information and knowledge resources.
Recognition of specific competences of treaty bodies ICERD
We have 40 per cent of foreign equity trading and the Alternative Investment Market is the world’s leading market for smaller quoted companies.
We welcome the report of the Secretary-General on the situation concerning the Western Sahara and the recommendations of his Personal Envoy, Mr. Van Walsum, contained in the report.
84. UNOPS is improving how it manages procurement activity (both "transactional" procurement and within projects), but needs to do more to place price competitiveness and value added at the core of its strategy if it is to expand its procurement business.
Set up accounting system; General Ledger, Subsidiary Ledger etc set-up and accounting computerization management.
The next morning the whole family trooped in to watch the performance.
135. It was recognized that the implementation of the cluster lead system had brought about a distinct improvement in the international response to humanitarian crises.
124. The Board is concerned that the inadequate number of ICT auditors within the United Nations will create a risk that ICT critical information technologies, applications and processes may not be regularly audited and monitored.
The Government of Zimbabwe has undertaken major reforms in the management of its national and international water resources, and capacity-building is needed at all levels to ensure an effective implementation of its water resources management strategy.
Wednesday the head of the U.S. Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, said it will take some time to solve the "large and complex" problems facing the economy.
Her courage and good humour saw her through the bad times.
There are 182 hospitals and 517 preventive health protection services, first—aid stations and polyclinics responsible for epidemic control and emergency diagnoses and treatment.
Shapes of teeth
Three different models cover a wide range of load and torque requirements.
" The official statement followed an announcement of the wedding several hours earlier from the official who had performed the ceremony at the presidential Elysee Palace.
Article 213 Where any foreign company violates this Law by unlawfully establishing any branch within China, it shall be ordered by the company registration authority to make corrections or to close it down, and may be fined not less than 50,000 Yuan but not more than 200, 000 Yuan.
Priority had been given to officials from the countries engaged with UN-SPIDER or willing to engage with it in the near future.
:: Psychological
It supported the organization of a workshop to strengthen the skills of Ministry staff in July 2013, and the commemoration of the International Day in Support of Victims of Torture and Human Rights Day.
Dancing with a charming smile, she was fully absorbed in the Latin music.
The PSC has a growing membership, with more than 200 shippers from across the Palestinian territory.
Studies carried out in the country showed that the problems affecting women stemmed from the absence of policies designed to stimulate greater participation of women in public affairs, from the higher levels of illiteracy (65 per cent) and underemployment and the lower levels of income (57 per cent) among women, from the delegitimizing of the work of women, from the difficulty experienced by women in reaching decision-making levels, and from other conditions that prevented them from playing a meaningful role in the economic, political, social, cultural and legal life of their country.
Thanks to efforts by the local government, the situation was quickly calmed.
They cached their sweets in their sleeves.
135. This amount provides for limited hospitality to local dignitaries in the context of good will in the official interest of the mission.
13. The Mission's current authorized strength of 1,850 civilian police and 5 military liaison officers is to decrease to 1,600 police and 4 liaison officers by July 2002 (see A/56/773, para. 11).
First of all, every row is offset one tile height ( 30 pixels ) from the one above.
147.119. Reform the substitute detention system in order to be consistent with the international human rights standards, including those on the right to assistance from a lawyer in custody (France);
1By-election to respond to document A/67/485 will take place first.
In view of mission experience, local staff costs have been estimated on the basis of level 2, step VI of the salary scale applicable in the mission area, compared with level 3, step II used previously (see also annex II.C).
Letter dated 29 May 1954 from Thailand to the President of the Security Council 29-Mar-1954
Rice Ridge
25. Saudi Arabia noted that the National Observer for Human Rights operates in compliance with national legislation and international standards to which Niger is party.
Page 2, List of Co-sponsors
Armenia's armed aggression against Azerbaijan is the manifestation of its annexationist designs on a neighbouring State which were formalized upon the adoption by the Supreme Council of the Armenian SSR, on 1 December 1989, of the decision entitled "Reunification of the Armenian SSR and Nagorny Karabakh".
S. federal budget. Actually, we're talking about two budgets today.
Investors鈥?fears of a prolonged period of financial turmoil deepened yesterday as a raft of downgrades for blue-chips such as Citigroup and General Motors sent US and European shares into a tailspin.
UNEP, 2000b.
The equipment of the Indonesian formed police unit arrived in Port Sudan on 25 April but has not yet been released from Customs.
Independence and impartiality of the judiciary, jurors and assessors, and the independence of lawyers res. 23/6 135
Kei Mikuriya
Article 14, option 1
We will develop clean and renewable energy sources such as wind power and solar energy.
The United Nations needs to decide how it will interact with the private sector, mindful of competing interests.
"No, my boy.
Secretary of Defense Melvin R. Laird, the great survivor, had indicated his desire to leave well before the 1972 election.
4,500 processed shipping related documents
See indicators Nos. 20 - 25 in annex 2 concerning statistics on violence against women.
Local, long - distance and mobile telephony services remain subject to price controls.
The report was made possible due to the information provided to UNODC by Member States, ILO, IOM and several non-governmental organizations.
With Chinese paintings and calligraphic pieces, you can Beautify your life.
And yet Europe’s establishment, oblivious to the Nationalist International preparing to devour the EU, is serving it appetizers.
(i) "Procedures for withdrawal of requests for issuance" (version 01).
When they think of the future, they are optimistic, and when they review the past, they tend to savor the high points, say Diener and Biswas-Diener.
With the wide application of modern information technology in education, the advanced distance learning is developing thrivingly with a prosperous future.
Migraine: Recurrent vascular headache, usually on one side of the head.
For instance, water is necessary to produce food (right to adequate food) and ensure environmental hygiene (right to health).
The theoretical research of educational administrative law enforcement, as an important issue, witnesses no profound development.
The ICTY, through the work of its Courts and its outreach activities, has made a valuable contribution to reconciliation in the former Yugoslavia.
     Details of the special traffic and transport arrangements are available on the TD website: www.td.gov.hk.
Buyouts can involve a hostile takeover. That means leaders of the target company oppose the sale.
(Legislative authority: Assembly resolutions 56/119 and 57/... [E/CN.15/2002/L.4/Rev.1, operative paragraph 4])
Lastly, these provisions will be supplemented by the draft law of 29 April 2002 on the suppression of terrorism and its financing and on the approval of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism. More details are contained in paragraph 1.3.5. below.
Yet 52 weeks from now, all those who postpone gratification could have had $100 in cash rather than $110 in a week's time.
Ms. King (Australia): I thank you, Mr. President, for convening this important debate.
In a second stage, if there has been agreement on the need for an international conceptual framework, the Task Force may develop said framework and additionally identify a core set of indicators.
Republican Calendar/date2repyear
Namibia firmly believes that all Security Council resolutions must be implemented by the relevant parties, failing which the Council and, indeed, the entire Organization loses credibility.
However, while the United Nations unquestionably had a role to play in transitional justice processes, strong political will and professionalism on the part of national policymakers and stakeholders was key to an effective and sustainable transition to a peaceful and democratic society, as was a realistic process of national reconciliation and political, legal, economic and social reform, in keeping with the circumstances of each country and involving all concerned.
35. The Board also noted that UNICEF planned to record earmarked (other resources) contributions from National Committees only when cash was received, as was done under UNSAS.
You know,it's a cheesecake factory.
3.Hope is a good thing and maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.|  |  |  |  |  |
The kids were elated and continued to do a bang-up job on the trashcans.
(6) "Pastoral da Criança" (Pastoral for the Child)
When water boils it turns into steam.
(b) 40 per cent of expenditures for consultants occurred in the last quarter (41 per cent in 2000) and 21 per cent in December (22 per cent in 2000);
The General Assembly has now, as a consequence, called for dialogue.
Platynereis
Value of cases reviewed by Procurement Division submitted to Headquarters Committee on Contractsa
6. By its resolution 2009 (2011), the Security Council introduced additional exceptions to the arms embargo and decided that two of the previously listed entities shall no longer be subject to the asset freeze and that the four remaining listed entities shall be subject to a partially relaxed asset freeze.
"Bush needs someone at Justice who's going to watch the White House's back, " says a Senate Democratic Judiciary Committee staffer.
I've been painting the room all morning.
The law should provide that, except as provided in recommendation 193, an acquisition financing right in tangible property other than inventory or consumer goods has priority as against a non-acquisition security right in the same tangible property created by the acquisition financing transferee (even if a notice relating to that security right was registered in the general security rights registry before registration of a notice relating to the acquisition financing right), provided that:
Vanuatu's action plan to implement the Education for All gender equality target by 2015 has been incorporated in legislation and a Gender Policy for the Education Department is being developed in 2004.
In general, there are two types of donations -- cash contribution and in kind contributions:
(a) Honor crimes
Our buyers asked for your price list or catalogue. 2.
(i) Flexibility with regard to the personnel structure
It may reflect a lack of specific interest for the inclusion of the proposed supplement in the Rules. It may also reflect the fact that many Governments tend to consider that the Ad Hoc Committee on a Comprehensive and Integral International Convention on Protection and Promotion of the Rights and Dignity of Persons with Disabilities has become a more appropriate forum to discuss disability issues and instruments.
While bilateral enforcement agreements and some multilateral instruments deal solely with competition law and policy, other types of agreements deal with cooperation on competition law and policy as one element in a wider agreement.
21. The inadequate institutional memory about past United Nations efforts and the consequent inability to learn lessons from experience remain a problem: current monitoring and evaluation practices may assure adequate accountability but do not assure an appropriate degree of lesson learning.
United Nations Postal Administration
How would Japan deal with the problem of securing oil shipments from the sea lanes of the Malacca Strait and South China Sea?
Turkey
Copies of complaints filed with the General Prosecution and the Criminal Investigation Department were submitted to the Mission, but no information was provided on any internal or criminal investigation or prosecution.
This decision invalidates all Chapter IX exemptions granted by the Commission for companies that were affected by this remedy.
Venue and duration of the meeting
Therefore, I could only magnify the split of society if I return hatred for hatred.
When you're young you always want to do more to achieve a higher position.
Where claims for cash losses were not supported by sufficient contemporaneous evidence, establishing the possession and amount of cash held on 2 August 1990, the Panel has recommended no compensation.
Intel loves high margins, and their market monopoly allows them to pursue margin at the expense of innovation.
The ultimate load of plate girders was analyzed by spline finite strip and plastic hinge method.
22. Changes to the current staffing table approved until 30 June 1998 (see A/51/508/Add.1) include the decrease of 4 international posts (1 P-4, 2 GS and 1 FS) and 10 local posts, for a net decrease of 14 posts.
Greece
21. The HR Committee noted with concern that there were fairly numerous instances of torture of persons in custody.
The inter-group comparison was performed by using single factor complete randomized analysis of variance.
In addition, the expert review team shall recommend how problems could be addressed.
(s) Report of the Secretary-General on strengthening the capacity of the United Nations to manage and sustain peacekeeping operations (A/63/702 and Corr.1);
Draft resolution V
It is suggested that schools should strengthen procreation health education in order to alleviate the discomfort brought by premenstrual and menstrual cycle.
A new mandate for the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) within the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina has been gradually adopted and crept into a position of relative primacy.
47/120 B
 The recommendations for national Governments which emanated from this meeting are particularly useful, since they span areas ranging from policy development, administrative restructuring and reform, improvement in public-sector performance and social development, to development of infrastructure and environmental protection.
18. The General Committee draws the attention of the General Assembly to paragraph 21 of the annex to resolution 51/241, which reads as follows:
Whereafter the author introduces the basic theory of equalizer.
In general, the tourism industry has a vested interest in maintaining the environmental, social and cultural resources of destination areas which represent their core business assets.
Permanent residence entitled them to such political rights as voting in elections and unimpeded entry into and egress from Hong Kong.
Then Blue Beard said, " Come and live in my house for some days.
Within grasp quality, name outside the tree.
139. Lubumbashi.
This matter admits of no delay.
There is no point in constructing highways if no one wants to drive down them.
It concluded with a forward-looking statement by the Chair, highlighting the many ways in which such organizations could add value to the global counter-terrorism effort, for example, by sharing expertise, providing channels for improved information exchange or conducting activities that help to create formal and informal networks of professionals working in relevant fields.
Placements should be consistent for the grade and where practicable should not disadvantage climbers with shorter reach.
The accountant was put into prison for moving huge amout of money from the company illegally.
It was suggested that (i) and (ii) of (a) could be merged.
83. Subject to those changes, the Working Group approved the substance of the draft model provision and referred it to the drafting group.
In this respect, mention has to be made of all the initiatives that have seen the involvement of gender-related issues in the preparation of agreements and protocols, to initiate projects to be promoted through various means of local development (Territorial Pacts, PIT).
This was the conclusion reached by the authors of the largest global study ever conducted on violence against women, as detailed in the September 2012 issue of American Political Science Review.
It takes about one litre of water to produce one calorie from food crops.
13. Improve the nutrition of mothers and children, including adolescents, through household food security, access to basic social services and adequate caring practices.
Why does double bridge produce the change of essential sex inside so short time?
This is Sandra. She's wearing a long red jacket with a short black skirt.
(a) Within one year after the entry into force for the State concerned;
The reception is scheduled for Christmas Eve at 7 o'clock at our saloon. Welcome aboard.
Women also serve in Islamic institutes of higher education and as Prosecutors both in the Syariah courts and Civil courts.
H.E. Mr. Lazarous Kapambwe
Transition zone
More than half of women in that country wear a size D cup.
The results are also recorded in the ballot paper accounts.
Nevertheless, according to the insufficiency of the relative laws'regulations on this matter, the measure of practice is a bit inconsistent.
It is a curious thing to understand, for I had certainly never liked the man, though of late I had begun to pity him, but as soon as I saw that he was dead, I burst into a flood of tears.
5, 7, 8, 12, 13 and 14
47. In the 2007 triennial comprehensive policy review (General Assembly resolution 62/208, paras. 35-47), the General Assembly called upon United Nations entities to enhance their support to national capacity development.
8. Report of the Commission on its thirty-fourth session.
Second, use the EVC in embedded system WINCE to complete information transmission.
He jumped from the top of the local abbey to demonstrate his faith and…well, the pub was a nice memorial!
The proposal has received wide support especially from major school councils, sponsors and educational bodies.
Third Committee
A chain-of-production approach has been used successfully in Colombia to encourage the formation of backward and forward linkages.
The Platform committed to enhance disaster risk management and climate change adaptation linkages at the national and regional level through better coordination and the development of integrated funding modalities; increase investments into disaster risk management in Pacific island countries and align investments with existing national priorities; foster mainstreaming of disaster risk reduction into national policies, budgets and all national sector plans where feasible; and share disaster risk management information and expertise through multi-stakeholder involvement, and especially the participation of communities, women and youth, politicians and parliamentarians, as well as civil society and sector experts.
It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
4. Thematic discussion on the theme "The challenge posed by emerging forms of crime that have a significant impact on the environment and ways to deal with it effectively".
Donation from Fong's Industries Co., Ltd. - Supports HKU's Applied Research in Mechanical Engineering
It's a minuscule amount of electricity, but the output grows as more fibers are added.
To monitor and examine Government policies and issues of public concern relating to education.
Alternates
Yet natural disasters like storms, hurricanes, and tsunamis are becoming more common, owing to climate change, which will also cause a rise in ocean levels, making seaside reactors even more vulnerable.
ANNOUNCEMENTS Chairmen of regional groups
Activities of the Department of Public Information
Ninth meeting
It was also strengthening legislation in that area and had set up a Domestic Violence and Child Protection Unit under the Royal Swaziland Police and a Sexual Offences Unit.
Every State can and should contribute to this goal, through concerted efforts to prevent proliferation challenges and the threat of nuclear terrorism, and to achieve general and complete disarmament.
(f) Appointment of members and alternate members of the United Nations Staff Pension Committee;
For example, at the thirty-first session the then Managing Director of the Programme Coordination and Field Operations Division had spoken about the mobility policy that was being introduced at that time, and the Director of the Financial Services Branch had had an opportunity to address the twenty-third session of the Programme and Budget Committee.
Light armoured vehicle
I'm so sorry to make a spelling mistaken on your name,this is a pen mistake.
The policy shift is part of a draft revision to the country's insurance law making its way through China's legislature.
4. Takes note of section II.E of the report of the Secretary-General;
"Emphasizes the importance of UNCTAD's role in sustaining and strengthening Trade Points and the World Trade Point Federation at its present stage of development"; and
Three of these forms were presented: a national working group, a regional approach with national working groups and coordination through the regional secretariat, and a national trade and transport facilitation committee.
I am convinced that strengthening the foundation of peace and stability in countries living through conflict requires not only humanitarian assistance but also actual help in addressing economic problems and support for countries' efforts to create a dynamic and stable economy.
Cost Savings
Sale, trafficking and abduction
Many are sick and often malnourished.
" This was his way of emphasizing the importance of the distinction between form and idea. and of stressing that the integrity of an idea is more important 3 the form of its expression.
Legislation on associations provided similar restrictions in regard to organizations other than political parties.
His case was heard on 17 September 1996.
A second meeting of Secretaries of National Security Councils of the SCO Member States and a meeting of the Council of Ministers of Foreign Affairs, which have recently taken place, completed their final preparations in the run-up to the Summit.
Component 2: support
Just as he left an indelible mark of influential leadership on the United Nations, Hammarskjöld's name and achievements will be for ever remembered by the people of the United States.
The bird wishes it were a cloud.
Believing that the Model Law on Electronic Signatures will constitute a useful addition to the Model Law on Electronic Commerce and significantly assist States in enhancing their legislation governing the use of modern authentication techniques and in formulating such legislation where none currently exists,
leave out I left out an important point at the party.
Madagascar Tenth to seventeenth periodic reports (due from 1988 to 2002)
Each experienced a variety of emotions, as expected, denial, fear, anger, remorse, more denial and eventually acceptance.
But police haven't found any.
All - powerful God, somebody is lying to you with the loudest sound in the world!
188. With reference to the lease or tenancy agreement in place with the tenant, a landlord who wishes to remove a tenant from a property must first issue a Notice to Quit, stating the grounds of eviction.
III. Other services
Pension Scheme Regulations for the judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (based on the provisions of section VIII of General Assembly resolution 53/214 of 18 December 1998 and applicable as from 1 January 1999)
It was a warm, friendly meeting. They thought back over Jackson's years in the White House and talked about what had been done.
(4) A technique used by the legislators of States concerned in the case of a succession of States is to enlarge the circle of persons entitled to acquire their nationality by granting a right of option to that effect to those who would otherwise become stateless.
The opening ceremony of the Olympic Games will be televised live through television satellite.
Of the Hong Kong Sports Federation and Olympic Committee announced that Beijing 2008 Olympic torch relay will be Hong Kong on May 2 held via Kowloon, the New Territories and Hong Kong Island district, showing to the world Hong Kong's unique character and scenic beauty , and the whole event lasted eight hours.
The less liquid a bank’s assets, the greater the need for such reserves.
14. Project N-5 - Developing Local Capacities for the Identification of Growth Opportunities through Resource Mobilization was operational from 2006 to 2010, and was supported by the United Nations Development Account (sixth tranche).
They also found that special attention to the relevant market definitions, market performance and market structure is warranted.
 Allow me to express the resolve of the Czech Republic to support the IAEA fully and actively in all spheres of its activity in the future.
The Prime Ministry Circular:
They tried to cajole their daughter out of marrying him.
Report to the police immediately;
The Panel has gathered detailed information and documents showing how those groups have been, and are adjusting to recent political developments, especially the establishment of the Government of National Unity.
This has nothing to do with a iicense.
De Jong failed to provide evidence of actual expenditure of the amounts claimed.
Rather, what is needed are effective policies for improving the conditions for a sustainable culture of communication.
The Regional Courses also provide an opportunity for the participants to focus on contemporary issues of international law in the region with a view to promoting greater understanding and cooperation on such issues.
It is built around the principle that developing innovative capacity in developing countries is essential for responding to their public health needs and that there is a need to ensure that research and development in developed countries better reflects the needs of developing countries.
12. With respect to infrastructure, KFOR troops are still involved in such tasks as sanitation, securing water supplies and power plant operations.
Considering a smaller set of indicators has the advantage that the assessment can be conducted over a longer period of time, providing a clearer indication of how data production has evolved since the monitoring of the Millennium Development Goals began.
According to FIDH/BCHR/BHRS, the State has blocked several websites unfavourable to the Government such as Aldemokrati.com, Aloysif Bolger, Haq movement, Bahrain On Line and Bahrain Human Rights Center.
The Government of Quebec has therefore adopted a linguistic integration policy.
And if thy brother, an Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years; then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee.
The weapons listed are 50 Kalashnikovs, 20 PKM machine guns, and 10 Doshkas
Ichev Nunatak
36. On 30 May 2005, UNAMI received a letter from the President of the Iraqi National Assembly requesting the United Nations, with the assistance of the international donor community, to provide technical assistance, including technical and logistical public affairs expertise that can help promote national dialogue between the Constitutional Drafting Committee of the Transitional National Assembly and the Iraqi people and build consensus nationwide for the draft Constitution in accordance with Security Council resolution 1546 (2004).
With the further driving of reform and opening up in china, there is a large distances between rural areas and city.
The result of that bubble was a bear market that is already into its third decade.
Prefect of Kigali
Yuke Squadron You mean that was their real target?
The owner of the house was a miser and he was known for never helping anyone.
6. During the reporting period, I refrained from using my executive powers in line with the policy of the Steering Board of the Peace Implementation Council of emphasizing "local ownership" over international decision-making.
Graduate in International Relations, University of Brasilia (Universidade de Brasília), 1994
Splenic rupture related to thoracoscopic spine surgery.
The Government reiterated its compassion for the grief of the families, and stated that it wished to draw the Working Group's attention to the calm that must prevail in the consideration of such a sensitive and complex problem, which could not in any event be addressed objectively if it were isolated from the historical background that saw "the eruption in Algerian society of bloody terrorism and barbarity without precedent anywhere in the world".
Kenya
In Eagle's opinion, the new one and the old one in effect were identical.
Abdullah Al-Mujahir, also known as Jose Padilla, is detained at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after flying there from Pakistan (attempt foiled).
For the brave and charismatic dissident Wei Jingsheng, Mao “cast virtually the whole of China into a state of violence, duplicity, and poverty.”
The overview is prepared according to the nine clusters established under the Regional Coordination Mechanism of the United Nations agencies working in Africa convened by the Economic Commission for Africa.
(f) Pay closer attention to the classification of expenditure under the programme budget or the support budget (para. 42);
In indicator of achievement (c) insert the words "in deposit or" after the word "received".
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "No first placement of weapons in outer space'' (under agenda item 94 (b)) (convened by the delegation of the Russian Federation)
Libra lives for harmony, partnership, admiration and popularity!
Contains the ID number of a dialog - box template resource.
(i) Reduction in the use of weapons and ammunition in Somalia
- Resolution No. 397 of the Government of Georgia on Rules on Joint Emergency Response upon Discovery of Nuclear and Radioactive Substances at Checkpoints, Airports, Ports and in the Sea of Georgia of 24 December 2010;
65. Mr. Kemal (Chairperson, Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination) said that he appreciated the Third Committee's support for the extension of his Committee's meeting time and assured delegates that every effort was being made to enhance the efficiency of its working methods, in particular to ensure that the meeting time was used effectively.
Youth means a temperamental predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
Cameroon
There is no foundation for the charges.
Member States are asked to support the Task Force established under the Lusaka Agreement on Cooperative Enforcement Operations Directed at Illegal Trade in Wild Fauna and Flora by (a) strengthening their national legislation to reinforce the powers of investigation and prosecution of the Task Force's personnel and (b) ensuring that their National Bureaus, established under that Agreement, intensify their investigations into the criminal traffic in endangered species of wild animals and plants as outlined by CITES.
(ii) Provision of central and the decentralized units with equipment and vehicles;
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, the United Nations Office at Geneva and implementing partners
Challenges of the hybrid system
The UNHCR central procurement section is actively engaged in the follow-up process to ensure that reports are verified and reconciled and that necessary action is taken on short or damaged deliveries.
38. The Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC) is the principal inter-agency instrument for ensuring policy and programme coordination among the various organizations of the United Nations system.
The Audit Services Branch provided country offices with specific feedback on the weaknesses found in an effort to ensure that future audit reports more adequately cover the scope required by the Financial Manual.
8. In this connection, participants will be required to submit papers, which will also include conclusions and recommendations/suggestions, on the following topics as they pertain to the Non-Self-Governing Territories on the list of the Special Committee:
My dove in the defts of the rock in the hiding places on the mountainside show me your face .
Suriname
9. Nasser Sherif Fahed al-Khaldi
It has proved to be helpful in setting out a series of instruments establishing the relationship between partners in joint programmes, particularly among United Nations organizations and between United Nations organizations and donors.
The word stagnation suggests a swamp, implying a breeding ground for virulent dangers.
It should be noted that stories and reports on that topic were regularly aired on such informational programmes as "Akhborot", "Takhlilnoma", "Assalom, Uzbekiston!" and "Okshom Tulkinlarida".
that weapons or ammunition will be used abusively or negligently,
And what they need most of all is expertise.
We collapsed a school and a home with 20 mannequins inside
We have attained these successes by relying on the correct guidance of the Party's basic theory, line and program, on the high degree of unity and solidarity of the Party and on the tenacious work of the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups around the country.
When you configure a page for cross-page posting, you frequently want to get information from the source page.
When you apply a background color, make sure that the text remains legible on the form.
Share articles and funny stories
However deeply rooted religious, cultural and moral values and practices on the island create a formidable challenge towards mobilization and general acceptance of "gay rights" by society.
E (100%) / F/S (20%)
Sports ministries
While equality between women and men was provided for in legislation in the areas of access to employment, promotion and pay, women generally held middle-level jobs because of the inadequacy of their qualifications.
Family visits between refugees in camps near Tindouf, Algeria and their families in Western Sahara, continued as part of a confidence-building measures programme that has benefited some 20,700 persons since 2004.
(l) The Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation;
Subtotal
5. A judge of the Dispute Tribunal appointed to replace a judge whose term of office has not expired shall hold office for the remainder of his or her predecessor's term, and may be reappointed for one non-renewable term of seven years.
Programming for and with adolescents and young people is stronger for specific problems, such as child labour and gender-based violence.
2000-2001: 152 additional facilities
You'll find us caring, practical, comfortable, not fancy.
And half drawing from beneath his tattered blouse a huge key, he added: Do you want to see how a key to liberty is made
States should provide financial and institutional support for research into the prevention, detection and treatment of illnesses associated with women’s reproductive health, particularly those with the highest indicators of maternal mortality and morbidity.
4. A convenient system of reporting the project expenditures of the Montreal Protocol project should be worked out with the implementing partner.
Notably, whereas the Strategic Military Cell has a single mission focus, the Office of Military Affairs is responsible for UNIFIL force generation tasks, allocating planning officers to support the UNIFIL deployment, prioritizing development of the Assessment Team and the Current Military Operations Service to support the UNIFIL intelligence function and conducting recruitment of specialized air and maritime planning officers within the Military Planning Service.
A group of adjacent card columns on a punch card.
59. Selective country-specific evaluations motivated by political agendas had no place as part of the Council's working methods, particularly given the limited financial resources currently available to implement its decisions and resolutions.
Another factor is the changing attitude of society towards the employment of women, as well as the increase in the number of women studying, which has boosted women's contribution to the labour force.
The technical papers series is comprised of reports on the various aspects of civil registration and vital statistics, including studies on the organization of the systems in various countries and the methodological problems and issues in civil registration and vital statistics.
These routing groups then propagate the link state changes to routing group A.
The provisions of this Convention regarding the protection and preservation of the marine environment do not apply to any warship, naval auxiliary or other vessels owned or operated by a State and used, for the time being, only on government non-commercial service.
409. New petitions against the constitutionality of the Law are pending before the High Court of Justice.
OHCHR assisted States in addressing gaps in human rights protection by providing a forum for dialogue, monitoring developments on the ground and conducting research and technical cooperation.
11. Mr. Dinescu (Romania) said that his delegation welcomed the 19 draft articles on diplomatic protection adopted by the Commission on first reading and found the commentaries clear and useful.
Though infinitely small and fragile in comparison with the powers of darkness, it is still a light, my only light.
It would be helpful for the Commission to consider whether there are any circumstances in which the right of States to consider themselves “injured”, and hence entitled to exercise the powers of “injured States”, should be modified if the State principally injured has indicated that it has decided freely to waive its rights arising from the breach or if the State consents to the “breach”.
We are going to get mad if you didn't come
The drug works on both drug-susceptible and drug-resistant TB in the laboratory and the implications are that this new drug might shorten treatment time for all tuberculosis patients, says Diacon.
and at this/that time Heisenbergisoutforadrivewhenhe'sstoppedbyatrafficcop.Thecopsays,"Doyouknowhowfastyouweregoing?
This issue has been recognized by the parties concerned, who are adhering to the applicable procedures.
6. The report acknowledges the need to accelerate the harmonization of all laws and policies with the Convention.
Enkirch
She made no definite answer.
Anushka Shetty
(UNICEF, WHO, United Nations Population Division)
A. Introduction
People were free to travel anywhere within the country, with the exception of the front lines and areas with military installations, where one could travel after obtaining permission.
78. There were cases where justice and accountability could be achieved only with the contribution of the international community.
 Keeping faith with the Constitution of the Republic, it has today, with the greatest good will and good faith, presented its plan for peace.
15 December 2003
The Inspectors are of the view that an ICT hosting decision should be based on three important factors, namely, the organizational situation and business demands, ICT governance and ICT strategy; and cost-benefits analysis of each ICT service considered and that the selection process should incorporate a Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats (SWOT) analysis.
The Department of Oriental Antiquities is famed for its collections of Mesopotamian and Islamic art. Other departments include Greek, Roman, and Etruscan antiquities and so on
Despite those recommendations, and undoubtedly owing to the global financial crisis, general-purpose income continued to decline in 2009.
The proposed budget outline for the Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 was submitted to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for review in February 2003, and will be submitted to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in April 2003.
The Committee trusts that with continued effort progress will continue to be made in this area.
plummeted Due to the adverse impact of Asian Financial Crisis, our export to Asia plummeted last year. Meanwhile, our export to other regions increased to varied extent.
100. For much of the developing world, agriculture was the foundation of economic growth, and agricultural trade liberalization would allow developing countries to respond to market forces and take advantage of new income-generating opportunities, both domestically and internationally, without the burden of competition from heavily subsidized products.
A little boy asked his mother "why are you crying
Indeed, Lech Wałęsa and Władysław Bartoszewski, the Polish Mandela, were ruthlessly attacked.
6628 (6 October 2011); 6638 (25 October 2011); 6656 (11 November 2011); 6660 (15 November 2011); 6679 (8 December 2011); 6683 (13 December 2011); 6688 (15 December 2011); 6689 (15 December 2011); 6699 (22 December 2011); 6700 (11 January 2012); 6716 (17 February 2012); 6730 (6 March 2012); 6749 (12 April 2012); 6762 (26 April 2012); 6764 (2 May 2012); 6773 (17 May 2012); 6778 (5 June 2012); 6800 (5 July 2012); 6813 (24 July 2012); 6819 (31 July 2012)
By its resolution 57/20 of 19 November 2002, the Assembly further increased the membership of the Commission from 36 States to 60 States.
Commission on Human Rights — Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, forty-seventh session, 31 July to 25 August 1995, Geneva (20 persons)
Table 5. Recurrent and investment budgets of local governments (average per programme in dollars) Budget categories Recurrent
Parties
96. Such training should be specifically tailored to the needs and rights of the groups concerned.
Mandate: GA res. 58/298, para. 9
4. To identify and share good practices achieved in the fight against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance.
Agenda item 143
Such efforts could provide insights into what may be needed in the long-term.
Country data Northern Mariana Islands
Like an insurance company, the key to survival is managing risk.
They voted upon whether they should send a fact - finding mission there.
29. JS3 recommended that Vietnam should amend its Penal Code to include specific provisions specifically prohibiting sexual exploitation of children in travel and tourism, making travel arrangements with the purpose of sexually exploiting children, printing or publishing information intended to promote child sex tours.
The unknown future rolls toward us.
A unit of area equals to one yard by one yard square.
6. Reference
National Taipei University of Technology
 Their operations are now moving into a more developmental phase with a focus on increased cooperation and collaboration with government structures.
He stated that although the Government of Canada had increased the amount of money spent on indigenous peoples to improve conditions on Indian Reserves, it would still be many years before indigenous peoples could experience the quality of life enjoyed by the average Canadian.
Hiroshima Shudo University
Synthesis report on approaches to and experiences in integrating and expanding adaptation planning and action, and lessons learned, good practices, gaps, needs, and barriers and constraints to adaptation.
He drew attention to the fact that the Criminal Code criminalized domestic and marital violence and noted that it was necessary to provide judges with better training so that they applied existing legislation on the subject strictly.
Countries that had abolished the death penalty for ordinary crimes at the beginning of 1994
In 2003, the Special Committee intended to intensify the dialogue with the administering Powers for the purpose of discussing the initiation of the development of work programmes for specific Territories under their administration.
54. In paragraph 32 of its resolution 63/253, the General Assembly decided to carry out, at its sixty-fifth session, a review of the statutes of the Tribunals, in the light of experience gained.
" "If I say life is short, for example . . ." "I would agree.
As to the third element, it was recalled that the controls concerned were the "accessibility standards" that the Working Group decided at its seventh session should apply to the means of communication chosen (A/CN.9/575, para. 14).
Another kill so soon?
(from supplementary funding)
Moreover, the Committee regrets that a comprehensive national plan of action to implement and promote the rights of children is lacking.
The President drew attention to draft decision IDB.38/L.3.
You have no working-class nor criminal practice. You don't depend upon wife-beaters and pickpockets for your income.
10. The Office, the Research and Popular Education Centre (CINEP), the Colombian Commission of Jurists, the Social Foundation and the Jesuit Peace Programme held an international seminar on "Truth and Justice in Peace Processes and the Transition to Democracy" in September.
45. Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, section A.
Singapore's presentation, in the industry cooperation breakout session, was on the topic "Lessons learned/examples of successful industry partnerships with enforcement authorities";
A fragile world calls for a more confident and responsible EU, equipped with an outward- and forward-looking foreign and security policy.
The Community of Acquests
My summer home in Old City while wandering felt great change.
Rigidbodies are physically simulated objects.
Just because up too early, nothing to do and unwittingly fell asleep on!
(b) [to have adequate time and facilities for the preparation of his or her defence and to communicate with counsel;] [to be assisted promptly by a lawyer of his own choosing, or, if he does not have sufficient means to pay for one, by a lawyer appointed by the [Pre-Trial Chamber of the] Court;]
In order to carry out its mandate properly, the support group must have the power not only to monitor and adjudicate on the fulfilment of the obligations and conditionalities accepted by the developing countries, but also to decide on the allocation of the burden among the industrial countries.
1. Department of Management
May I read this book nowa
33. While some countries establish witness protection programmes as units within the police force, this approach is inappropriate for programmes designed to facilitate cases against state agents involved in human rights abuse.
The sum of HFCs currently contributes about 0.4 gigatonnes of CO2-equivalents per year to total global CO2-equivalent emissions, and is increasing at a rate of about 8% per year.
Some scholars believe that China's economy will reach a turning point in 2007. What's your view?
However, although much had been done, the international community was far from making the kind of progress needed to ensure a healthy and stable living environment for future generations.
The condition of being greater in power, influence, or force than another or others; predominance.
236. Article 10.5 (b) of the statute of the Dispute Tribunal provides that compensation shall not normally exceed two years' net base salary, but that a higher compensation may be ordered in exceptional cases.
* effective law enforcement, which makes corruption a high-risk crime;
That's what happens when your spine gets crushed.
Angola, Kenya, Mauritania, Mauritius, Sierra Leone and Uganda stated that they had not furnished copies of their respective laws giving effect to article 23 to the Secretary-General, as required by paragraph 2 (d); nor had they complied with the requirement of submitting them to UNODC with their self-assessment reports.
10. In the course of the session, the secretariat will submit a draft provisional agenda for the next session of the Working Party.
1.1.2 Decrease in the number of kidnappings reported in the Port-au-Prince area (2012/13: 116; 2013/14: 95; 2014/15: 49)
Three countermeasures have been used to solve problems in the system, but they are fruitless.
Following is a question by the Hon Lee Wing-tat and a written reply by the Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works, Dr Sarah Liao, at the Legislative Council meeting today (December 21) :
For purposes of preventing offences under this Convention, States Parties shall make every effort to adopt appropriate measures to ensure the protection of radioactive material, taking into account relevant recommendations and functions of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
On the word "failure", the comment on Article 8(2) (above, No. 10) applies here, too.
Implemented.
If you store a battery when it's fully discharged, it could fall into a deep discharge state, which renders it incapable of holding any charge.
The United Nations had played an important role in mine-clearance efforts and mine victim assistance.
 We believe that this is the only direct and practical way to put the record straight.
African Group (Fifth Committee experts)
Focusing of electron is completed by electrical fields of alternating gradient which makes electron beam a laminar beam.
He did everything in his power to help her.
The Procurement Network held its first meeting in June 2007 in South Africa and designated the United Nations Development Programme as its secretariat.
(e) The planning and implementation of the United Nations Programme on Space Applications, including conducting technical assistance and capacity-building activities;
I find this hard to believe since it flies in the face of all the principles of game
Conflict of interest
44. The exclusion of children and youth with disabilities from education results in their exclusion from economic opportunities and ultimately their future financial independence.
261. Considering that most of these issues are of a cross-sectoral nature, a multidisciplinary and regional approach has become increasingly important.
Most firms are expected to comply with this requirement by the end of 2006; the measure is unlikely to lead to any significant consolidation, particularly among the larger players.
I hope you understand my situation.
The Panel investigated the origin of the weapons seized on 7 August 2003 (annex II), especially the AK-47 assault rifles.
Palestine refugees' properties and their revenues
Moreover, although measures had to be taken against States that were guilty of terrorist acts, it was unfortunately not always possible to distinguish such acts from legitimate acts of self-defence.
Moreover, international trade or food relief programmes are hampered by logistical problems, trade barriers and political and social instabilities.
(vii) Use information and communications technology-based simulation tools that estimate future requirements in terms of food, water, energy, housing, transport and other services, such as education, health, sanitation, waste management, communication and security, in expanding urban areas, also taking into account the estimated growth of income for planning purposes;
6. In the case of a declaration under articles 36, paragraph 1, 37 or 39 to 42 that takes effect after the entry into force of this Convention in respect of the State concerned or in the case of a withdrawal of any such declaration, the effect of which in either case is to cause a rule in this Convention, including any annex, to become inapplicable:
Her Government stood ready to respond to requests from other States in connection with relevant criminal investigations or extradition proceedings, and remained committed to working with other Governments to explore appropriate mechanisms for dealing with the practical aspects of establishing extraterritorial criminal jurisdiction and obtaining evidence in respect of serious crimes committed by United Nations officials and experts in receiving States, including the information- and evidence-sharing mechanisms required if investigations were conducted by the United Nations.
The National Cytology Laboratory, which was established for this purpose, currently conducts more than 90 per cent of all testing in the country.
For the Republic of Equatorial Guinea:
There are several explanations for why dividends have been sticky in Asia.
96. It was further reported that non-governmental organizations had filed a criminal action for child abduction, falsification of identity and other serious offences against children, charging that senior members of the former military Government, in the course of their political and military functions, jointly practised the systematic abduction of children and took measures intended to ensure their own impunity for such offences.
In addition to those rights, the legal regime of trials in the absence of the accused before the Special Tribunal for Lebanon includes two obligations incumbent upon the Tribunal: (a) the Tribunal must assign defence counsel to the accused; and (b) trial proceedings conducted in the absence of the accused must not differ from those conducted in the presence of the accused (rule 107).
The previous record was 16 minutes and 32 seconds, set Feb. 10 by Switzerland's Peter Colat, according to Guinness World Records.
It punishes not just drug trafficking and its associated crimes, but all other illicit activity that endangers human security and the stability of the State and its society.
Albania, Andorra, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Monaco, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Samoa, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Senegal, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay, Venezuela, Yugoslavia.
14. Legislative actions are required to reduce discrimination and inequities based on gender, ethnicity and religion.
Choiceness of smooth factor of GPS Elevation multiquadric function fit Model Based on Fuzzy Set Theory
Individual complaints (art. 77): No
How could a troll get in?
Poland reported that its next periodic reports will include information on the rights of persons with disabilities.
The physical properties of the compound have come up to ASTM standard and can compare with some commercial products both at home and abroad.
Intelligence chatter  speculated That it might be  a demonstration Of a new weapon technology.
Despite the strenuous efforts of my Special Envoy, Mr. Brahimi, in cooperation with MONUA, the three observer States and other Governments concerned, including those in the region, tensions in the country have increased sharply, and both parties seem to be preparing themselves for a confrontation.
If the object and purpose of the Convention is to be respected, the process can't simply stop there.
Groups of Traditional Buildings
These are universal fear elicitors. Why?
The immunization status of each individual is to be properly documented for monitoring by the respective contingent doctor.
But the breathtaking cynicism of the Chinese authorities in declaring zones in three parks open for public protests and then persecuting, detaining or expelling from Beijing those who applied for permission to use them is a clear breach of the promises made by China to help win the bid to host these Olympics back in 2001.
Summary record of the 61st meeting
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of Portugal (on behalf of the European Union; the candidate countries Turkey, Croatia and The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia; the countries of the Stabilization and Association Process and potential candidates Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Montenegro; and the EFTA countries Iceland and Norway, members of the European Economic Area, as well as Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia), the United States and Israel.
In line with this strategy, and in an effort gradually to transform the monitoring exercise to include a performance evaluation function, the Under-Secretary-General for Management and the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services jointly issued guidelines for programme monitoring and evaluation in November 1997.
Item 55 (h) of the provisional agenda*
Not right away, of course, but in a few years, after you learn more about our business, you may go overseas with a tour group.
Ray Ewry
The number of units already built or being built, however, cannot yet satisfy popular demand, for places are limited and prices are too high for mass-market holidays.
Through direct engagement and field visits, important commitments for the protection of children had been secured from parties to conflicts. On many occasions, that had perhaps been the first time that the parties had given any undertaking to observe humanitarian and human-rights standards, especially with regard to children.
This issue is also under discussion in the Conference.
Although an alternative funding mechanism has been identified, which should go a long way towards addressing some of the difficulties mentioned in my letter to the Security Council dated 16 October 2006 (S/2006/820), the funding of his office from voluntary contributions continues to pose significant challenges.
3. The draft resolution was intended to be a concrete response to the recommendations contained in the Secretary-General's report calling for a further comprehensive effort to strengthen the programme's capacity to provide leadership and services in priority areas.
In the light of the need to prioritize the use of resources as a result of budget restrictions and the importance of successfully delivering the programme of work for 2010 - 2011, it was decided in the strategic presence policy that the funds set aside for strengthening the strategic presence of UNEP should first be allocated to strengthening existing regional offices and their thematic capacity to deliver on the programme of work.
Manufacturers, importers, formulators and industrial users should have the main but differentiated responsibility for generating data.
It also creates a promising monitoring mechanism similar to the Human Rights Committee.
Field administrative support
The Government of the Argentine Republic has fully implemented the provisions of General Assembly resolution 65/6 and previous Assembly resolutions concerning the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed against Cuba.
It decided that the Implementation Review Group should consider the resource requirements for the functioning of the Mechanism for the biennium 2012-2013.
Alleged terrorist criminals telephoned Dr. Daniel Schez Santib\x{6459}ez, Chairman of the Special Electoral Committee of Huancayo, several times at home and threatened to kill him.
The back part analyzes the procedure of law's execution with the Becker 's theory.
Ratification: 30 January 2002
Articulation of vulnerability should be consistent with the Bali Action Plan, and be consistent throughout the text.
(a) The Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director shall establish financial rules, consistent with the provisions of the financial regulations approved by the Executive Board, in order to ensure effective and efficient financial administration, and the exercise of economy.
Recalling further the outcome document of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixty-fifth session of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals and the commitments made therein,
wear loose - fitting thin layers of light clothing rather than a heavy , chunky sweater
(iii) Implementation of mobility mechanisms, in particular with regard to lateral mobility for staff at all levels, including specialized briefing and training;
 2. Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s [44]:
9. Forest tenure determines who can use what resources for how long, and under what conditions.
46. The Committee remains gravely concerned that:
16. The Working Group on Communications under the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women will hold its twenty-third session in New York on 5 and 6 July 2012.
On the other side of the house, to match with the library, was the conservatory, ornamented with rare flowers, that bloomed in china jars; and in the midst of the greenhouse, marvellous alike to sight and smell, was a billiard-table which looked as if it had been abandoned during the past hour by players who had left the balls on the cloth
The Chairman of the Committee also made a statement.
Yet another instance where Malta continues to play its role in strengthening dialogue at the people-to-people level in the Mediterranean region is the Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean, which was established in 2006 and includes 25 Mediterranean member countries.
One of the questions in this context concerns withdrawal symptoms and to what extent they may qualify as torture or ill-treatment.
1. Opening of the session by the Chairman of the delegation of Ukraine (P.1).
After the sub-prime mortgage crisis, politicians alleged that the market was short-sighted and irrational, and rushed to propose new regulations.
D. Encourage more women to start or take over a business
The planning of most IPs was found to be highly relevant to national industrial policies.
More broadly, some subsidies are criticized for the distortions they create in market mechanisms (including trade distortions).
Uniform legislation influenced by the Model Law and the principles on which it is based has been prepared in the United States (Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, adopted in 1999 by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Law) and enacted by the States of Alabama (2001), Alaska (2004), Arizona (2000), Arkansas (2001), California (1999), Colorado (2002), Connecticut (2002), Delaware (2000), District of Columbia (2001), Florida (2000), Hawaii (2000), Idaho (2000), Indiana (2000), Iowa (2000), Kansas (2000), Kentucky (2000), Louisiana (2001), Maine (2000), Maryland (2000), Massachusetts (2003), Michigan (2000), Minnesota (2000), Mississippi (2001), Missouri (2003), Montana (2001), Nebraska (2000), Nevada (2001), New Hampshire (2001), New Jersey (2000), New Mexico (2001), North Carolina (2000), North Dakota (2001), Ohio (2000), Oklahoma (2000), Oregon (2001), Pennsylvania (1999), Rhode Island (2000), South Carolina (2004), South Dakota (2000), Tennessee (2001), Texas (2001), Utah (2000), Vermont (2003), Virginia (2000), West Virginia (2001), Wisconsin (2004) and Wyoming (2001).
Such an approach would serve the interests of the whole membership of the United Nations and the related international organizations, and stabilize their financial bases by strengthening the legitimacy of the scale structure.
Women diplomats took up 44 per cent of all training and fellowship programmes offered by the Ministry.
I mean it. If you need a reference after the war I'd be... I'd be happy to give you one.
She told me later that she had gotten the idea after reading some articles in the newspaper.
His function is analogous to that of a judge,who must accept the obligation of revealing in as obvious a matter as possible the course of reasoning which led him to his decision.
However the Committee is concerned that the crimes enumerated in article 4 of the Convention are not explicitly included in the Extradition Act as extraditable offences.
The Committee comments further on the issue of construction in its cross-cutting report (A/66/718).
41. The countries of the region must make a commitment that none of those countries would be used to arm, supply or host any hostile elements or armed terrorist groups against the others.
8. Decides also, as an ad hoc arrangement, and taking into account the amount of 140,484,350 dollars gross (136,087,550 dollars net) already apportioned in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/242, to apportion an additional amount of 140,484,350 dollars gross (136,087,550 dollars net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 among Member States in accordance with the composition of groups set out in paragraphs 3 and 4 of General Assembly resolution 43/232 of 1 March 1989, as adjusted by the Assembly in its resolutions 44/192 B of 21 December 1989, 45/269 of 27 August 1991, 46/198 A of 20 December 1991, 47/218 A of 23 December 1992, 49/249 A of 20 July 1995, 49/249 B of 14 September 1995 and 50/224 of 11 April 1996 and its decisions 48/472 A of 23 December 1993 and 50/451 B of 23 December 1995, and taking into account the scale of assessments for the year 1997 as set out in its resolution 49/19 B of 23 December 1994 and its decision 50/471 A of 23 December 1995;
845 (XXXIX)
The proposed expedited arbitration procedures would not be made available to United Nations volunteers.
What, you got a problem with that?
Assembly of First Nations -- National Indian Brotherhood
Cadre training and the building of the democratic political power at the grassroots level in the poverty-stricken areas shall be strengthened, so as to enhance the capabilities of the cadres and organizations at the grassroots level in leading the people to get rid of poverty and become well-off.
The Commission has continued to develop its operational arrangements and timelines for several possible requests, including elections for governorate councils and a constitutional referendum in the Kurdistan region.
As a result of the completion of all pre-indictment investigations in December 2004, there were no more missions to support the preparation of indictments.
One would comprise integrated human resources management teams structured broadly along regional lines to deal with all staff appointments, travel and administration (Field Personnel Operations Service).
:: Prior informed consent in the design and implementation of strategies;
The establishment of a standing civilian police capacity and of a strategic reserve had been recommended.
He is a model of diligence.
Shio Fujii
The Committee also notes that the State party has not provided observations regarding these claims.
The shipper must mark or label in a suitable manner dangerous goods as dangerous.
Just like that to develop other aspects of our life, we have to take help of reading.
Upon receipt of my earlier report, the Security Council, in its resolution 1170 (1998) of 28 May 1998, established an ad hoc Working Group to review all recommendations in the report relating to the maintenance of international peace and security, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, and in that context, to prepare a framework for the implementation of recommendations, as appropriate, and to submit specific proposals for concrete action for consideration by the Council by September 1998.
The General Assembly,
New York, 14 November 2012
Regulation No. 44. Uniform provisions concerning the approval of restraining devices for child occupants of powerdriven vehicles ("child restraint system"). 1 February 1981
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
(d) Provide effective remedies, including psychological rehabilitation, and establish shelters for women victims of violence;
In Stewart v. Canada, interim measures were requested in circumstances where it was unlikely that the author would be able to return to his adopted homeland, Canada, while, in the present case, there is no possibility of release from prison.
2. Decides to extend the term of office of the following permanent judges at the International Tribunal until 31 December 2010, or until the completion of the cases to which they are assigned if sooner:
Would you please tell me how to use the card catalogues?
In 2005, the Government would launch a programme to improve the ecological, economic, medical and social factors that affected the living standards of the region's population.
3. Assignment in receivables financing
The program uses the form of register transfer parameters.
Nilmar
Welcome!Come in and meet my parents.
If Trump, for whatever reason, continues to coddle Russia, then Congress, the media, foundations, and academics should publicly detail the corruption that characterizes Putin’s rule.
Indeed, empowering Afghan forces to lead security efforts in Afghanistan is a key commitment for the international community, and New Zealand is doing its part to meet that commitment.
Therefore, women can inherit land, acquire it, administer it and make use of it as personal property, which they may leave as any inheritance to their children.
The ad hoc advisory group, upon request of the country concerned, is intended to review existing arrangements to meet a country's humanitarian, reconstruction and development needs and make proposals to the Council on how to ensure adequate and coordinated assistance in order to prevent the recurrence of conflict and promote long-term development.
And what was it that had suggested the tremendous tumult
Ross dates a girl from Poughkeepsie but is concerned about the distance involved in seeing her
Could house plants transform you into the ideal employee?
62. The Committee recommends that the State party implement the national programme for suicide prevention, intensify its measures to prevent suicide among adolescents and strengthen mental health-care services.
Lending of shares is an essential step in the short-selling process, and the move could help limit negative bets on those stocks.
In so doing, they would provide full negative security guarantees, even though only the total and complete elimination of nuclear weapons could provide an absolute guarantee.
The debtor was a company organized under the laws of Spain, its registered address was in Spain, and it leased a large office building in Madrid for the management of its business.
Undocumented stored procedures are only for the use of internal replication components and should not be used to administer replication .
Title : Does Learning Style Affect Students'Participation in Classroom Activty?
Fax: +55-41-3621616
140. We affirm that efforts to reform the international financial architecture should therefore be seriously strengthened, should be internationally coordinated and should lead to the full participation of developing countries in international financial and economic decision-making and norm-setting.
We practically can’t buy caviar from the Caspian Sea any more. The European Space Agency announced in September 2007 that satellite photos showed that the Northwest Passage appeared clear of ice for shipping for the first time ever, and that the Northeast Passage is almost clear.
In particular, creative industries, such as animation, arts, design, and software – which are mostly based on individual skills and talent – tend to be more resilient to conflict than others.
It also expresses its regret at the destruction and pillaging, including of some diplomatic missions, which took place during the clashes.
If you are interested in other country, tell us some funny about it please.
M. Félix Zogo, Chef de la Cellule juridique du Ministère de la communication
The definition of "self-employed" was changed, allowing women who work part-time to be insured for employment injury and to be eligible for maternity allowance;
(iv) Technical material: contingency planning and coordination for the provision of public services under crisis conditions in the ESCWA region; discussion papers on emerging socio-economic issues under conditions of conflict or political instability (2); maintenance and updating of the ESCWA home page on conflict mitigation and development; and maintenance and updating of ESCWA Public Administration Network (PAN) website on activities on public administration and governance in the Arab region, ESCWA being the regional node of United Nations Online Network in Public Administration and Finance (UNPAN) for the Arab Countries;
That initiative will be a unique opportunity for a comprehensive review of progress towards the attainment of the Millennium Development Goals.
Until recently Sammy has seemed to be retaining his hard sanity.
Mr. Chemakh (Algeria) proposed that the word "recipients'" be inserted before the word "national".
30. Over the past ten years, studies on sexual harassment at the workplace have indicated that the incidence of the phenomenon has increased significantly from 1997 to 2005 in the public and private sectors, including the informal sector.
The request shall set forth the relevant facts and indicate how implementation would directly and irreparably injure the staff member's rights;
The dissertation is pilot study of "The application of error correlation theory in error processing of weapons fire control system. "
With regard to the question of disclosure obligations, it was important to make clear that draft article 6 did not encroach on any rule in a Contracting State that imposed an obligation to provide information.
Capital punishment
43. For this reason, the HEUNI database was designed to provide contact information about other related sources and to allow linkage with other electronic databases.
The effects of stripe rust on cyanide - resistant respiration were very larger than that of water stress.
Ha-ha. I'm just messing with y'all.
58/226 Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and the strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat)
By the early 19 th century fantasies of an Amur breadbasket had revived.
Mao Zedong murdered up to 40 million Chinese, but did he intend to destroy them as a group?
41. Spain noted the strong commitment of Finland to the promotion and protection of human rights, which perfectly complemented its foreign policy both bilaterally and internationally, with particular emphasis on the United Nations system.
Women in the European Parliament
Contents and page 12, heading
The war and poverty have also caused physical and psychological problems in children.
(t) Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control
Introducing the agenda item, the Secretary indicated that, in addition to States listed in the tables contained in document CTOC/COP/2006/13 as having provided the information requested in the questionnaire on the implementation of the Trafficking in Persons Protocol, the following States had provided replies after the expiration of the deadline set by the Secretariat for the preparation of the analytical reports: Australia, Colombia, Lebanon, Malta, Norway, Netherlands, Russian Federation and Tunisia.
If the promise of a North-South partnership for development is to become a reality, it is essential to ensure the full and timely implementation of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the internationally agreed development goals.
Let me reassure the Assembly that, in contrast to the Azerbaijani military rhetoric -- unfortunately greatly exacerbated recently -- the settlement of conflicts by peaceful means remains the fundamental principle of Armenia's foreign policy.
LIFE in China's orphanages can be bad enough, but life thereafter can be tough too.
He affirmed that UNICEF would partner with UNMISS and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and align its programmes to strengthen national leadership.
(b) The principle that laws may not bar the recourse to court by any person in pursuit of claims alleging infringement of freedoms or rights;
The new kind of machine will make workers get rid of heavy task they have to do 6.A moment's error can bring a lifelong regret.
No, that would be playing right into her hands.
66. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of UNMIL are:
12. Another issue of concern is that of missing persons, whether ethnic Albanians or Serbs.
However, the United Nations, through UNDP, provided limited technical assistance to the National Electoral Commission in the form of logistical support and civic education.
At the 798 Biennale, Mr. Fan was slated to be part of a performance art exhibition titled 'the Soulful Society VS the Net Spirit'.
Representatives of the European Union and its 27 member States, Japan, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Norway and Switzerland also made statements regarding this issue and requested that they also be reflected in the final version of annex II to document FCCC/KP/CMP/2012/L.9 as appropriate.
10. Encourages all Member States to increase their contributions to regular resources, including by making contributions during the first half of the year and to make multi-year pledges in order to ensure effective programming;
A summary of the proposed administrative budget for the financial period is contained in annex I.
Political Risks That congressional leaders turned around the vote in less than a week underscores the widening unease among lawmakers about the state of the economy.
How is it that the world is getting happier?
Other governmental representatives said that they would consider the argument put forward by indigenous representatives.
Monitoring and reporting on grave violations and other serious protection concerns for children and women triggering response including advocacy
(Oliver Goldsimith, British poet).O. ) When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property.
Apple's acquisition of Placebase was an affirmation of that reality and, hopefully, we'll get to see the early results next week.
Little swift
We also have concerns regarding the scope of the powers given to the proposed Register.
(e) Eurosystem Joint Dissemination (European Central Bank and euro area national central banks);
VIII. The aridity index
Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat)
Table 14.8 Resource requirements: policymaking organs
New York, 21-30 August 2007
3. The manufacture, possession and use of lethal or explosive machines or devices;
Follow-up
  On the surface, many marriages seem to break up because of a “third party”.
INDIA
Financial support from donor countries
:: A non-conviction-based process where the Court is satisfied that (a) a person has committed a serious offence, or (b) the property is proceeds of an indictable offence or the instrument of a serious offence;
A focus should be on those implementing partners which have recurring negative reports.
(c) Reinforce its efforts to develop early detection programmes to prevent and remedy disabilities;
They have accumulated rich experiences.We hope that the United Nations and other international organizations will adopt more measures to support the work for prevention and treatment.
23. OHCHR draws attention to the growing commitment to addressing HIV/AIDSrelated prevention, treatment, care and support as a matter of human rights.
228. Until recently, formal channels for the transfer of remittances were in the hands of a few money-transfer operators such as Moneygram or Western Union.
Is it a long way to the Hilton Hotel?
Union Foundation
Gracha Machel, the wife of former South African President Nelson Mandela, says women in Darfur told her rapes are widespread in the violence-plagued region.
VIII.50 As indicated in paragraph 27D.17, following an evaluation of the efficiency of services provided by ICC, it was decided that the Information Technology Services Division would assume responsibility for some of those services as the most cost-effective arrangement.
The principle of equality between judges is therefore fundamental to ensure that the sovereign equality of States is guaranteed in judicial proceedings between them.
Region Number
54. The Group of 77 and China urged all Member States to honour their obligations under the Charter and General Assembly decisions in full, on time and without conditions, while noting that sympathetic consideration must be given to those Member States, particularly developing countries, that were temporarily experiencing economic difficulties.
The reference to the notion of "democratic society" in the context of article 22 indicates, in the Committee's opinion, that the existence and operation of associations, including those which peacefully promote ideas not necessarily favourably received by the Government or the majority of the population, is a cornerstone of a democratic society.
Matt and I were in the corner talking to each other. We were just thinking of what to say if the principal called us down again.
Within the diverse group - each member of which gets an equal say in rate-setting decisions - there is a view that the euro-zone economy would be better off if rates were already at 1%
As a signatory to the Kyoto pact on climate change, Britain must reduce carbon emissions by 20 percent by 2010.
The Secretary of the Committee made a statement regarding the financial implications of draft resolution A/C.6/65/L.17.
5. Clearly, there was a collective awareness that, if the United Nations was to be a leading player on the world scene, it must be given the means to perform that function.
Sandy: Two explorers were crawling across the desert.
Now that the oral and written positions have been exhaustively discussed by the membership, the main options and negotiable elements for successful reform are very clear.
With regard to community awareness activities, some 548 villages were visited, reaching an estimated audience of 150,000 persons.
In conclusion, I reaffirm the great importance that Tunisia attaches to the lofty cause and action of the International Court of Justice as the principal judicial body of the United Nations.
(b) The adoption of the interim Constitution in 2007;
add up to addition n. in addition, in addition to: in addition in addition to additional  subtraction;multiplication; division subtract v. addition n.  subtraction n. plus prep minus prep multiply v. divide v. multiplication n. division n. additional4 adj.
But next year on Broadway I hope to see a large improvement in that.
He tried hard to vindicate his honor.
General debate on agenda item 3
Phoebe, what are you doing?
The argument that the Declaration is not binding did not appeal to us.
Representative of the United Republic of Tanzania to the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme, 1970-1971.
Election of six members of the Executive Board of the World Food Programme
Annex, section C: practices and working methods of the Main Committees
A. Points for States 24-29 5
and when i show it to the board and explain to them that i am the one who closed the deal on "baby brooke  "
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
Well, from your business card, I can see that you specialize in oil - drilling equipment.
It made recommendations.
Effect of glucose level on protein kinase C permeability and adhesion of endothelial cells
The role of civil society and community-based organizations has been remarkable in the national response.
Env Protection Insp(Regional S)47
60. Negotiations on trade and environment, especially environmental goods and services, continue the search for a common ground, particularly on an approach that would reconcile the various environmental, developmental and trade interests in the broader context of sustainable development.
101. As a matter of drafting, it was pointed out that, whereas article 17 bis (4) referred to "termination, suspension or amendment of that interim measure", paragraph (6) referred to "modify, suspend or terminate an interim measure".
This open-ended Working Group was established by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 1998/72 of 22 April 1998, as approved by Economic and Social Council decision 1998/269 of 30 July 1998.
We are not suggesting this should be dismantled forthwith, but let us not rule out change.
Virtue is a moral conduct , with self - sacrifice as the means of altruism.
The briefings will take place immediately following the adjournment of the informal consultations.
Cather was the great, elegiac chronicler of the prairies and small towns of the old American west, captured by her just as the coming of railroads changed it forever.
(23 November 2010)
(a) To increase convergence between the Guiding Principles and other global governance frameworks;
3. Commends those donors that have provided support to Burundi, calls for increased disbursement of funds committed at the Forum of Development Partners, held in Brussels on 13 and 14 January 2004, and encourages Member States to provide funds for the United Nations Consolidated Appeal for 2005;
He deserves this glory.
The draft resolution begins by recalling the landmark resolution 46/182, which, of course, still guides the work of the United Nations in the humanitarian field.
52. Bearing in mind the extremely heavy workload of the General Assembly and the need to make the most effective use of scarce resources, the General Committee took note of the suggestion by the Secretary-General to consider deferring to a later session items for which decisions or action are not required at the current session (resolution 51/241, annex, paras. 23-26).
The Special Rapporteur finds this initiative highly commendable and recommends its replication in other countries.
Results so far indicate that 92 % voted in favor of abolishing the limit.
In Portugal and other countries, the definition of rape was broadened to include a greater range of constitutive acts, while the penal code provision that exempts perpetrators of rape from prosecution if they marry the victim was repealed in Egypt.
Kenyan long-distance runners
Lessons learned from past peace-keeping operations, especially from the failures, have often highlighted the particular importance of clear and practical mandates.
8 November 1990
In the context of the final review of UN-NADAF, it was important to increase official financial flows to support African development and to resolve Africa's debt overhang, while at the same time respecting Africa's ownership of the formulation and implementation of development policy.
(k) Report by Mr. Maurice Glélé-Ahanhanzo, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1997/73 (E/CN.4/1998/79);
But I could home in on sprite 1 there and just see this particular sprite script.
The experience gained with Millennium Development Goals had demonstrated that a lack of investment in statistics may result in a lack of comparable data.
Do you want a boiled egg for breakfast?
124.130 Increase measures to create conditions conducive for people to exercise freedom of expression (Indonesia);
Article 525. Procedure for fulfilling applications for court proceedings
Notes
One F-494 Turkish frigate violated the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally used the closed port of Ammochostos, while participating in naval exercises of the occupation forces.
It expressed concern, however, at the high rate of violence against women and girls, particularly intimate partner violence.
6. Several intergovernmental bodies, including the Commission on the Status of Women, the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice and the former Commission on Human Rights, have given guidance on actions to be taken, at various levels and by various stakeholders, to prevent and eliminate specific forms of violence, including rape and sexual violence.
Rédené
31. Although recent experience would seem to suggest a lower level of resources than that requested by the Secretary-General, the Advisory Committee had taken account of the overall deteriorating situation outlined in the Secretary-General’s report to the Security Council, and had concluded that the best course of action would be to grant the resources requested.
National Assembly
Mexico called on the international community to respond positively to the requests for assistance formulated in chapter VI of the national report of Swaziland.
(f) The creation of almost insurmountable obstacles to marriages of Turkmen with foreigners, inter alia through the imposition of an obligation to pay a large sum of money before such marriages can take place;
Live Aid
Similarly, democracy too is a universal value, one which is expressed mainly through free elections and change in governance.
Please remember that these are not Triad products and any damage or problems are not our responsibility so please keep that in mind.
5030000 Library books and supplies
And treasure it more because you shared it with someone special, special enough to have your time.
II. Financial performance report
Nuclear disarmament remains the most pressing issue in ensuring world peace and security because it is directly linked to the survival of humankind before it relates to world peace and security.
There is indelible responsibility in the possession of nuclear weapons.
Those sick-pants! Fuck 'em!
At the 4022nd meeting, held on 9 July 1999 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the Security Council continued its consideration of the item entitled "Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from France, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)", having before it the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to Security Council resolutions 883 (1993) and 1192 (1998) (S/1999/726).
One sensor detects earth's magnetic field, the other its gravitational field.
:: Urging nuclear-weapon States, and any other State mentioned in the relevant protocols of the treaties establishing nuclear-weapon-free zones, which have not yet signed or ratified the protocols to do so as soon as possible;
Represented professionals under investigation before their professional practice boards, in particular allegations of misconduct against medical practitioners and solicitors.
(c) The African Union's objective of developing a comprehensive peace and security policy;
During the talks: Iran and the Agency were unable to reach agreement on a structured approach to the clarification of all outstanding issues related to Iran's nuclear programme; Iran provided an initial declaration in which it dismissed the Agency's concerns; the Agency presented Iran with initial questions on Parchin and the foreign expert, to which the Agency has yet to receive answers; and Iran stated that it was not able to grant access to the Parchin site.
Legislation concerning environmental planning and health in housing and human settlements.
In those cases, the courts and arbitral tribunals had to be certain that the conciliation proceedings had terminated and that the parties were entitled to commence those subsequent proceedings.
 (d) The Security Council shall, where appropriate, utilize such regional arrangements or agencies for enforcement action under its authority, but no enforcement action shall be taken under regional arrangements or by regional agencies without the authorization of the Council;
Some participants from Annex I Parties highlighted the importance of cooperating and holding dialogues with developing country Parties when undertaking mitigation measures.
This exclusion is gender neutral as it does not make a distinction between male and female domestic workers.
You know where I'm at, I'm working.
Vice-Chair: Andriy Nikitov (Ukraine)
Preparations for the International Ministerial Conference on Transit Transport Cooperation
"22. Reaffirms that the eradication of poverty should be addressed in an integrated way, as set out in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development (`Johannesburg Plan of Implementation'), taking into account the importance of the need for the empowerment of women and sectoral strategies in such areas as, inter alia, education, development of human resources, health, human settlements, rural, local and community development, productive employment, population, environment and natural resources, water and sanitation, agriculture, food security, energy and migration and the specific needs of disadvantaged and vulnerable groups in such a way as to increase opportunities and choices for people living in poverty and to enable them to build and to strengthen their assets so as to achieve development, security and stability, and in that regard encourages countries to develop their national poverty reduction policies in accordance with their national priorities, including, where appropriate, through poverty reduction strategy papers;
Test for a pattern within string.
Report of the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief,
Programmes offered under the Act are also being evaluated, and results so far have shown that the programmes are effective in meeting the objects of the Act.
International standard preparation should include technologies reflecting present technique development level in order to assure the quality of standards.
The General Assembly,
332. The Committee recommends that in mainland China, the State party:
Implementation of the Convention, and use of policy frameworks, such as national adaptation programmes, plans and policies for developing and implementing adaptation strategies and measures:
As I was going down the street, I met Mr. Cotton.
MoI has also formed a GO-NGO committee to exchange views on women development issues.
Adoption of the report (item 13)
Tim also listened to motivational and business tapes as he worked, went to seminars, and traded auto services for advice and coaching.
34. Article 4 as set out in paragraph 5 above is based on draft proposals made at the sixtieth session of the Working Group and was approved in substance by the Working Group at that session (A/CN.9/799, paras. 56-69, 134(a) and 136; for deliberations on article 4 at the fifty-ninth session of the Working Group, see A/CN.9/794, paras. 123-126, 149-152).
France has always sought greatness for the sake of men and women, not for its own sake.
We motored there forthwith, and examined this wonder of the world from every angle.
Furthermore, advances of information and communication technologies call for a renewed approach on information management.
The sound is airy, though every song mentions some combination of greedy mud, clawing branches and deep waters, suggesting that war is not so much an offence against nature as a manifestation of it.
Mom: Oh, come on, they give them treat too
The new Joint Analysis and Operations and Embargo Monitoring Section will have a different configuration, and it is proposed that the original five posts from the Joint Operations Centre be redeployed, reassigned and abolished as follows: one post at the P-5 level reassigned as Senior Liaison and Coordination Officer to the Field Coordination and Inter-mission Cooperation Unit; one post of Joint Operations Centre Officer at the P-3 level redeployed to the new Joint Analysis and Operations and Embargo Monitoring Section; one Field Service post of Administrative Assistant redeployed to the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General; one Field Service post of Security Watch Keeper reassigned to the new Joint Analysis and Operations and Embargo Monitoring Section as Administrative Assistant; and one Field Service post of Security Watch Keeper abolished.
It is proved that goden light glaze can by used in oxidation and reduction, and the lighting mechanism of goden light glaze is discussed on theory.
• The rights given to the defence under the adversarial system of trial, and the defence tactics sometimes adopted;
Total No. As can be seen from the above table, while Kenya adopted the use of IFRS in 1999, the levels of non-compliance are quite high.
The Committee notes that insufficient information was provided in the report and in the oral replies on the effective functioning of the human rights bodies and mechanisms in the State party, particularly the Higher Committee of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and the Administrative Mediator.
The reality for a competition regulator is that this will take time - many years.
Number of pieces delivered/collected
Hagrid, we've got to go back, we've got to go back!he yelled over the thunderous roar of the engine, pulling out his wand, ramming Hedwig's cage into the floor, refusing to believe that she was dead.
Words come easily for the author -- the bulk of the work is arranging and rewriting sentences.
It was stated that, without that reference, article 21 would simply reiterate the principle indicated in other articles of the draft Model Law that third-party effectiveness could be established and would thus be unnecessary.
However, it wished to point out that the Organization's three priority areas bordered on the spheres of other organizations; UNIDO should continue to be aware of the challenges of possible duplication.
SECOND PERIODIC REPORTS
Region
(6) The Committee notes that the State party maintains a reservation to article 12, paragraph 2 on the ground that national interests justify the statutory provision requiring persons intending to travel abroad to furnish Tax Clearance Certificates (arts. 2 and 12).
Greece and Qatar
22. Also recognizes that full and productive employment and decent work for all, which encompass social protection, fundamental principles and rights at work and social dialogue, are key elements of sustainable development for all countries and are therefore a priority objective of international cooperation;
The UNMIT police will continue to maintain stability until the national police develop adequate capacities and will advise, mentor and train PNTL.
13. At its ninth session, held in New York from 3 to 13 September 1996, the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee reviewed updated reports on measures taken to implement the resolution on urgent action for Africa and interim action in other regions.
In many sectors of the economy, such knowledge is no longer optional.
The text of draft article 10 as considered by the Working Group was as follows:
120mm mortar RT
From 2001 to 2005, each year legal service agencies provided assistance to seniors involved in over 40,000 cases, served as agents and provided services in over 400,000 similar lawsuits and non-lawsuits, and settled over 400,000 senior-concerned disputes.
"Don't worry. I can help you. " says Jenny. "Let's put a bandage on your arm. "
:: 6 RPG rocket launchers
He volunteered for a posting to the Basque Country, which is one of the most hazardous and most demanding places of duty and one to which most officers are posted under a compulsory rotational system for periods of approximately one year.
Casting reels are equipped with braking systems that help manage the speed of the rotation of the spool during a cast in order to minimize backlashes.
Dozens of credible worldwide studies also link breast cancer to induced abortion, according to the Breast Cancer Prevention Institute and the Coalition on Abortion Breast Cancer (www.bcpinstitute.org and www.abortionbreastcancer.com).
Don't let children loose in the wild.
We therefore express our appreciation to the Secretary-General for establishing the Panel on Peace Operations, chaired by Ambassador Brahimi.
38. The Advisory Committee stresses that, in the area of administrative and budgetary practice, the Secretary-General should be guided solely by the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions.
Action by the United Nations system
Thus, governments and business associations should provide various support services to SMEs for that purpose.
It can contribute to the United Nations system's efforts to achieve the millennium development goals. It can help our ongoing efforts to implement the Bangkok Plan of Action. It can help UNCTAD do its part to integrate the development dimension into the new round of trade negotiations decided upon at last year's meeting of the World Trade Organization at Doha, and into implementation of the new consensus agreed to at last month's International Conference on Financing for Development in Monterrey.
This is important for maintaining the sustainability of a social security scheme which is non-contributory, has no quota, and is funded entirely out of the Government's general revenue.
Without question, many of us have mastered the neurotic art of our lives worrying about a variety of things -- all at once.
Japan hoped that Tuvalu would ratify these treaties expeditiously and recommended that it make good use of technical assistance from OHCHR to do so.
2. The Council held a discussion on the follow-up to policy recommendations of the General Assembly and the Council (agenda item 3 (a)) at its 23rd, 24th, 29th, 30th and 31st meetings, on 7, 10 and 11 July (see E/2003/SR.23, 24 and 29-31).
The Panel finds that Prokon failed to fulfil the evidentiary standard for loss of profits claims set out in paragraphs 144 to 150 of the Summary.
Participants took their longest belongings greatest length.
We can't afford to be better than anyone.
4. Supports further action by the Executive Director related to trade and environment, in close cooperation with the World Trade Organization and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, including the following:
 Many of these conflicts have also assumed such dimensions and complexities that they pose serious consequences for the maintenance of international peace and security.
The first two parameters are essential in oceanographic observations and the depth profile is required to delineate the vertical structure of the ocean.
The  whistle  goes at the end of the match.
Such trends are reflected in the low number of sexually active young people with knowledge of appropriate prevention information.
They attacked various parts of England from the end of the 8th century
Introduction
List of Evanescence band members
Biennial
Fabricius said when he questioned a guard about the ban on toy boats, he was told the toys can potentially frighten fish in the pond.
The Council continues to contribute immensely to the promotion of human rights and adherence to the rule of law.
Iron is used in the production of aircraft, ships, machines and ammunition.
In this regard, the EC would refer to article 4(1) of the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts elaborated by the International Law Commission.
To what extent do impacts differ between industries, such as financial services, telecommunications, power generation and distribution, water distribution and transportation?
We urge Iran to use the present window of opportunity for engagement with the international community in a spirit of mutual respect and to respond positively to the offers advanced, in order to find a negotiated solution which will address Iran's interest as well as the international community concerns.
Instead, a simplified fascicle will be submitted in the spring of the year preceding the forthcoming financial period to the General Assembly and the WTO General Council in order that they may take note of the proposed level of resources.
67. A representative of the First Nations Business Teaming Group (FINBARR), in cooperation with Broken Arrow Neutral Deminers (BAND), said that his organization could train indigenous people to become skilled technicians and operate sophisticated landmine detection equipment.
83. Cannabis and synthetic drugs remained the major illicit drugs abused by young people.
For example, the Department provided documentation to OIOS indicating that two of the top 10 troop-contributing countries had no representation in the Department as at 30 June 2002.
Monaco
Presidential proclamations were issued identifying specific properties for disposition to qualified beneficiaries.
Assistant District Officer (Eastern)
On TV you'll see a PI using a gun, lock picking tools and disguises.
75. Other States have implemented a more general law for the protection of the child or adopted specific legislation.
Bulk density varies significantly with moisture content and particle size of fuel.
[Original: Chinese]
19. Mr. LAL (India), referring to the Director-General's comments on JIU's various recommendations, noted that the focus of the three thematic initiatives undertaken recently was to improve fund mobilization and that further initiatives were not currently under consideration.
17. Continuing shortcomings remain in priority 4, but some progress has been made: India created a training programme for safer construction and adopted guidelines for cyclone risk mitigation; Cuba and Grenada developed programmes for safer construction; the Lao People's Democratic Republic took action to integrate disaster reduction into environmental protection and natural resource conservation; and Indonesia (Simeulue Island) built on smong (tsunami-related) community knowledge in the design of local regulations and promoted environmental activities such as forest/mangrove conservation.
7. Calls upon all States concerned, pending the conclusion of a fissile material cut-off treaty, to declare and uphold, on a voluntary basis, a moratorium on the production of fissile material for use in nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, and encourages all States concerned to exert their utmost efforts, on the basis of the comprehensive and balanced programme of work of the Conference on Disarmament, to start and conclude as soon as possible a fissile material cut-off treaty in accordance with the Shannon report (CD/1299) and the mandate contained therein;
Which hardware device do you want to troubleshoot?
20. In its general report on administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations (A/64/660), the Advisory Committee discusses the impact of General Assembly resolution 63/250 on the estimated requirements for the salaries and related allowances of international staff serving in peacekeeping missions.
(h) Tobacco or health
That is why we fully support the resolution that has just been adopted on support for new or restored democracies.
Dentists use computer technology to help them repair damaged teeth.
Mr. Kpotsra (Togo) (spoke in French): The General Assembly's annual consideration of the implementation of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa prompts us this year to consider the progress that has been achieved in implementing those recommendations in the two areas that have been chosen by the Open-ended Ad Hoc Working Group on the Causes of Conflict and the Promotion of Durable Peace and Sustainable Development in Africa: education for durable peace and sustainable development, and conflict prevention and post-conflict peace-building.
Reduction in the number of inmates diminished the hitherto acute pressure on scarce basic items such as food water and space in the detention facilities.
An important aim of the plan of action is to strengthen the Domestic Violence Advice and Support Centres.
(d) Protection of global climate for present and future generations of humankind;
 While prices have gradually fallen, they still remain higher than in the pre-April period.
Another Peacebuilding Fund project launched during this period will improve the operational capacity of the national police and the national intelligence services by providing equipment and training.
(extrabudgetary)
Atlas beetle
Democratic Party /meta/color
However, in weighing different kinds of utilization, special regard shall be given to vital human needs.
(4) The Abed Rabbo Family: members of the family were shot at close range and three young girls were killed.
Presentations on the following topics were given:
We are ready to cooperate with all others to expand our common endeavours to address the epidemic across the world.
Objective:To study the evaluating method and the affecting factors of measurement uncertainty for the determination of marker compounds in Chinese Materia Medica.
The benefit of CEPA becomes visible.
 17. Ms. NIKOLAEVA proposed that the first two paragraphs of the comment on that subparagraph should be deleted, since similar wording was already included in the comment on article 15.
Oman supported the joint international efforts under way to combat terrorism in conformity with international law and the principle of international sovereignty.
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 114 appear in the reports of the Committee contained in documents A/52/746 and Add.1 and 2.
More than 95 per cent of all HIV-infected people live in developing countries — 70 per cent of them in sub-Saharan Africa.
We have cut our population growth by half, curbed child mortality by a third, achieved food self-sufficiency, improved sanitation standards with indigenous methods and reduced emission of ozone-depleting substances and vehicular pollution.
The chairmen stated that no new provisional agenda and annotations would be issued for the second part of the thirteenth sessions.
In a relation data base, the number of tuples in a relation.
B. Structure of State bodies 43 - 51 9
The Swiss made a breakthrough in flour production in the 19th century, when they invented the roller mill to replace stone grinding. The new technique, which broke open the wheat berry, made it easy to separate the wheat germ from the bran. It eventually drove out windmills and watermills far beyond the borders of Switzerland.
KDE Platform 4
Even if researchers themselves are motivated by only the noblest of goals, their need for funding forces them to take into account the demand for ideas.
We must act on this and make certain that we do not waste this historic opportunity to secure a better development system for all.
Further consideration of strengthening the work of the Commission
Three-times a day after each meal.
40. Advances have been reported towards the Treatment 2.0 vision.
And when they had gone a league from the city, the young Fisherman beat his breast, and said to his Soul, `Why didst thou bid me slay the merchant and take his gold?
Love is ripening upon the plant. Light is spreading from one person to the other in a wonderfully dramatic yet safe way.
Earlier in 2007, the Government of the Sudan carried out several aerial bombardments of non-signatory strongholds in Northern and Southern Darfur, including Bamina; in Bahia in Western Darfur; and in Anka, Umm Rai and Birdik (Northern Darfur).
(32) Bearing in mind the indivisibility of all human rights, the Committee encourages the State party to consider ratifying those international human rights treaties which it has not yet ratified, in particular treaties the provisions of which have a direct bearing on the subject of racial discrimination, such as the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
Noting that the Executive Committee of the Multilateral Fund was already considering both draft guidelines for production sector phase-out and proposals for specific phase-out projects, they question the value of the proposal.
The main objectives of the TNPF were to:
This gargle will relieve your sore [ s ] throat.
A total non-REM–REM cycle is 90 minutes; this pattern repeats about five times over the course of a night.
32. Class C (artisanal) mining continues to occur along the course of the Lofa River and in remote parts of Nimba County.
Similarly, States "recognize the benefits to be derived from the encouragement and development of international contacts and co-operation in the scientific and cultural fields" (art. 15, para. 4).
The bank described the cut as 鈥渕eaningful but not disastrous鈥? indicating that a fall in western demand for Asian manufactured goods was unlikely to have big consequences for markets.
Regardless of your profession, I hope there is an item or two that you can apply to your own work.
98. The Unit believes that in order to better serve its stakeholders and to maintain consistency with its own recommendations on results-based management, it should also pioneer its own proposed and approved results-based management benchmarking framework and apply it to its own activities.
There is much more to be done.
Some of these groups lay waste to villages and engage in robbery, pillaging and extortion.
Glass in the hall and a flower terrace in front of the hospital were damaged.
These courses will be extension courses with a workload of 90 hours, targeting Basic Education professionals - teachers, state and municipality education managers, school directors and pedagogical coordinators, tutelary counselors, counselors of children and adolescents rights, health professionals, social development professionals, public and justice security officers, media and communication professionals and social movements leaders associated with the promotion and protection of the children and adolescents rights.
Yaracuy
Secondly, all Spanish territory has been militarily denuclearized since 1976.
Taking note of the continued efforts and tangible progress made in the security sector by the Palestinian Authority, calling upon the parties to continue cooperation that benefits both Palestinians and Israelis, in particular by promoting security and building confidence, and expressing the hope that such progress will be extended to all major population centres,
On July 15, 1946 , he was assassinated in Kunming by Kuomintang thugs.
82. To be effective social pension programmes must periodically review decisions taken on at least three key elements: (a) the procedures utilized to register beneficiaries (in particular to identify the possible wrongful exclusion of beneficiaries); (b) the implementation of the programme (to monitor all sorts of possible abuses occurring when assistance is provided at the local level, e.g. sexual harassment); and (c) the overall payment procedures (to monitor misappropriation of financial resources throughout the different stages of implementation).
To combat injustice, corruption and related offences in public and private administration.
Palestine was represented by an observer.
Talking about the Setting up of the "Registered Surveyor-Cartographer" from the Management of the Cartography
Iraq says these costs are therefore not eligible for compensation pursuant to Governing Council decision 19 (S/AC.26/Dec.19 (1994)), which excludes compensation for military costs.
In 2013, donors came forward with substantial contributions which allowed UNRWA to close its financial gap.
305. The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve recommendation 3 of the triennial review of the implementation of the recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its thirty-ninth session on the in-depth evaluation of the electoral assistance programme (E/AC.51/2002/7).
1991 RM15
Currently, more than 300 students from 84 institutions in 18 countries across the world, including Australia, Austria, Canada, the Chinese mainland, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Japan, Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, the Philippines, UK and US, have been admitted to PolyU for exchange in the first semester.
All delegates who arrive on foot at the United Nations compound between 7.30 and 9 a.m. will be asked to enter at the 46th Street gate and will be directed to the Visitors' Entrance of the General Assembly Building.
The night goes with weighty step round yard and round earth.
P520 (1) Insert ", 4N" after "4B" and replace "drums (1A2, 1B2, 1G, 1H2 and 1D) jerricans (3A2, 3B2 and 3H2)" with "drums (1A1, 1A2, 1B1, 1B2, 1G, 1H1, 1H2 and 1D), jerricans (3A1, 3A2, 3B1, 3B2, 3H1 and 3H2)".
finally, the scheme which has the least cost of investment in tie lines will be taken as the ultimate scheme.
As the host country of the Six-Party Talks, China will continue to maintain close communication and consultation with all parties concerned so that the second-phase actions will be translated into reality in a comprehensive and balanced manner at an early date.
Sickness was rampant in the area.
However, the Bayer representative stated with regard to the use of chemicals in lax safety conditions that the company did not believe that the improper use of chemicals in developing countries was the manufacturer's responsibility.
(b) new models or forms of urban governance, with an emphasis on ground-breaking policy, regulatory, institutional and partnerships prototypes.
The security situation improved noticeably in the aftermath of the summit, a trend that was reflected in a marked decrease in the number of deaths and injuries recorded during the reporting period.
Noting the efforts by the States possessing the largest inventories of nuclear weapons to reduce their stockpiles of such weapons through bilateral agreements or arrangements and unilateral decisions, and calling for the intensification of such efforts to accelerate the significant reduction of nuclear-weapon arsenals,
Therefore, it was reasonable for the Australian community to expect protection from the State party through legal mechanisms, including visa cancellation under the Migration Act.
47. The Board recommends that UNHCR should negotiate a discount on hardware and maintenance services until the project has resumed; and update the inventory of the skills acquired through the training courses, in order to optimize in due time any resumption of such trainings.
Anguilla
Sir Ketumile Masire's facilitation needs immediate access to funds and the unequivocal support, in particular, of all the Lusaka signatories.
He insists leting me read the document.
The evaluation team consisted of two independent consultants and staff members from the UNIDO and UNDP evaluation offices. One of the independent consultants acted as the team leader.
:: Right to Organize and Collective Bargaining Convention, 1949 (No. 98)
The President (spoke in Spanish): Many thanks to the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He walked closer and closer until he was finally at the front desk where she sat.
These rights are provided for in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the many human rights treaties ratified or acceded to by States Members of the United Nations.
A third view proposes attaining universal suffrage in phases after 2016.
Potential for increased exports of EGS
"(d) The third and final session of the Preparatory Committee, at which Member States are to conclude negotiations on the draft outcome document, will be held in 2016, prior to the World Summit;
Percentage of girls taking selected subjects of Leaving Certificate Programme, 1999/2000 Subject Irish
The training course aims at improving aviation meteorological services all over the world.
A reasonable and orderly pattern of income distribution will be basically in place, with middle-income people making up the majority and absolute poverty basically eliminated.
Nor do we believe that their possession can increase the security of any State.
We all have a part to play in the fight against crime.
The result which has the maximum reliability was obtained through the matching between the regions which contain the feature points based on cross correlation theory.
Send Your Regards Via Postshop Special Collectible Series
Mr. Loayza Barea (Bolivia) (spoke in Spanish): First of all, Mr. President, I would like to express, on behalf of my delegation, our respect for your commitment to the cause of the Palestinian people.
He said the family was relying on borrowed money and he could not afford new school books for his children
88. The Committee urges the State party to enforce the minimum legal age for marriage of 18 years, as well as inheritance laws affecting women, thereby superseding discriminatory customs and traditions.
National elections W
Financial incentives are given to Hutu families who foster a Tutsi orphan, and vice versa.
Criminals have the right of inheritance under the law.
I worked as part-time interpreter for APEC conference in Dalian
I. Definition and measurement of milestones
1. Mr. Hanami (Japan), responding to the Commission's request to States for information on their national law and practice regarding immunity ratione personae and immunity ratione materiae, said that Japanese law did not specify those forms of immunity.
Guests at many Mexican weddings gather around the couple in a heart-shaped ring at the reception, perhaps before the first dance..
And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him, and he will save us: this is the LORD; we have waited for him, we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation.
49. Mr. Ashe (Antigua and Barbuda), speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, said that the United Nations had a responsibility, in the current global political climate, to focus its attention on development.
I call upon all parties, in particular the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic, to respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Lebanon, in accordance with Security Council resolution 1559 (2004).
Agenda item 125
5.10 - 5.20 pm Cross-border insolvency of banks (The Group of Ten):
Obstacles had also been placed in the way of medical personnel participating in humanitarian operations.
The trip will be the queens fourth state visit to the U.S.Duringher first visit, she went to Jamestown in October of 1957,the yearof Jamestowns 350th anniversary.
Despite my powers with animals, there was nothing to be done with a monster that could have ripped me open with a single swat.
But such biased individual reports would be unlikely to affect the overall findings of a large study like this one.
Over the seven years of the scheme, attitudes of people on the programmes have changed dramatically, says Valerie Wark, client director for the FCO development programme at Ashridge.
The principles that it contained were essential for guiding action to achieve the various projects already launched.
Breakfast was fine with a cheery person on duty in the dining room .
190. The spouses enjoy equal rights and duties.
It is hardly believable that our draft should have met with refusal while all the documents attached were in perfect compliance with the terms of the L/C.
The WHO report on malaria has provided us with recommendations that warrant our serious consideration and support in our endeavours to roll back malaria.
513. The Special Rapporteur wishes to thank the Tunisian Government for the information it provided to him concerning the allegations transmitted during the year, and for their cooperation in the fulfilment of his mandate.
Poland
The Mac also has a terrific feature called Expose, which shows every open window at once, in miniature form, so you can navigate among them.
He came by way of New York.
69th PLENARY MEETING
UNDP has proposed a project to provide assistance in the implementation of the ECO Plan on Drug Control and is also preparing a macroeconomic study that will be important for the States members of the ECO.
10. On 9 March 2010, the Committee addressed a note verbale to all Member States drawing their attention to various provisions contained in resolution 1907 (2009).
Bearing in mind the principle of non-discrimination and resolved to avoid discrimination against or among victims of explosive remnants of war, or between such victims and other victims of armed conflict;
Gross National Happiness is premised on the belief that, if happiness is the ultimate desire of every individual, then it is the responsibility and purpose of the State to create conditions that enable citizens to realize this desire.
XX/22: Membership of the Executive Committee of the Multilateral Fund
God is my strength and power: and he maketh my way perfect.
His delegation was concerned, however, about the Commission's increasingly frequent practice of requesting comments from States before a special rapporteur had written his report.
The replies of three Member States, Argentina, Canada and Thailand (A/54/260/Add.1) were circulated during the first session of the Preparatory Committee.
He looked back at the genesis of the Ban Amendment and lamented the fact that it had not entered into force, meaning that the Parties were unable to end trade in hazardous wastes.
IV. TOPIC III. RACISM, MIGRATION AND GENDER IN THE ASIAN REGION
(b) The enactment of the Act on State Guarantees of Equal Rights and Opportunities for Men and Women, in 2009.
SUMMARY
When that happens, the blocs will have to look outside their borders to other countries for cheap materials and labor.
The Monte Carlo method is applied to calculate exchange factors of G style radiant cooler.
There artillery was ambushed in the brushwood.
Women who have been recruited into national service tend to adopt the same strategies to be demobilized as early as possible.
58. The issue was also discussed during the second session of the Joint FAO/IMO Ad Hoc Working Group on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing and Related Matters (Joint FAO/IMO Ad Hoc Working Group), held in Rome, from 16 to 18 July 2007 (see IMO document MSC/83/INF.12, annex).
354. Enabling women to attend school is an example of the political will and support offered by the State and the systematic work of the Federation of Cuban Women and the Ministry of Education.
Because of the unique nature of these items, UNDP accounted for the accrual as part of other expenditure rather than as a charge to the biennial support budget.
112. Measures to mitigate the effects of climate change on agricultural production included using drought-resistant crop varieties, changing the timing of fertilizer application to maintain yield and quality and improving pest, disease and weed management through use of resistant varieties and water and irrigation management.
Algeria, Andorra, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Gabon, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mexico, Monaco, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Lucia, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
The creation of a professional and accountable security sector was a crucial element in the transition from peacekeeping to sustainable peace and development.
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned about remaining areas of discrimination against women.
The President: In accordance with the decision taken earlier at this meeting, I now call on the observer of the Holy See.
In the view of the Special Rapporteur, measures to prevent trafficking will not be effective or sustainable unless the underlying social, economic and political factors that create an environment conducive to trafficking are addressed.
The coelomic cavity is also copiously with warm sterile saline, then the fluid is suctioned out.
She could not understand what had gotten into the man.
(f) Publication of opinions, decisions and judgements of trial proceedings: the Trial Chambers are responsible for supervising the legal research and the preparation of legal documents for issuance in both working languages of the Tribunal.
" "Upon pronouncement of a judgment, the parties concerned must be informed of their right to file an appeal, the time limit for appeal and the court to which they may appeal.
The process continued to be marred by significant logistical, financial and procedural obstacles.
Wang Ke
57. United Republic of Tanzania
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization
 We have come together today to address an issue whose importance to and impact on the future of the United Nations is well known.
October 2000
(e) Restrictions preventing members of defence teams from meeting with accused persons other than their own clients while visiting United Nations defence facilities.
Sergio Vieira de Mello and the United Nations personnel who were killed or injured in the blast in Baghdad on 19 August were committed to bringing the ideals of the United Nations to the people of Iraq.
Can you mend the hole in my shirt?
This holds whether or not such an exercise of jurisdiction is lawful in the first place, or in fact violates another State's sovereignty.
10. [Two-thirds of the] [X] members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum.
On the other hand, we use this model frequently in our nonlinguistic actions.
Each vane has a gear pinion at its inner end, which interfaces with the gear track.
61 NEAFC receives advice from ICES concerning all stocks under its purview in the Convention area, pursuant to article 14 of the NEAFC Convention.
Since its entry into force on 19 August 2010, the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel has been applicable in this regard.
It also invited the Social Forum to submit to the Sub-Commission at its fifty-fifth session a separate report containing a comprehensive and detailed summary of the discussion as well as recommendations, including draft resolutions.
As for the incentive scheme, the Conference authorized the Director-General at its eighth session to distribute the interest earned in excess of budgetary estimates for 1999 to eligible Member States in accordance with the "S" curve incentive mechanism, or to utilize the funds for purposes specified by those Member States (GC.8/Dec.10).
In its resolution 61/275, the Assembly approved the terms of reference for the Committee and decided that it should comprise five members, to be elected by the General Assembly.
 266. It is also important to note that the income level does not always fully explain the presence of undernourishment even when it is the main cause thereof.
long would you stay with us?
21. Encourages States to consider becoming members of the International Monitoring, Control, and Surveillance Network for Fisheries-Related Activities, a voluntary network of monitoring, control and surveillance professionals designed to facilitate exchange of information and to support countries in discharging their obligations pursuant to international agreements, in particular the Compliance Agreement;
Now it was the church-bell which spoke, now it was the gardener's bell.
Representatives of Member States wishing to be included in the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) mailing list are requested to send an e-mail from an official permanent mission e-mail address to 4thcommittee@un.org, indicating name, delegation and e-mail address.
2004/64. Promotion of a democratic and equitable international order
2. Availability payments
X - ray and FTIR were performed to characterize the hydrotalcites and after treated.
The Government steering committee identified six quick-start projects for peacebuilding funding, in particular projects to (a) support the promotion of dialogue; (b) support the economic integration of women and youth; (c) assist the biometric census of the defence forces; (d) assist victims of torture and gender-based violence; (e) strengthen the democratic and civilian control of defence forces; and (f) assist the retirement of 4,300 soldiers.
18. The Council was also of the opinion that the social impact of illicit drug production, abuse and trafficking should be fully taken into account in the preparations for and deliberations of the forthcoming World Summit on Social Development.
Agenda item 85: The rule of law at the national and international levels (A/65/318)
16. The variance is mainly due to the need to replace obsolete equipment, especially computers.
5 Reappointment is when a staff member who has formally separated from the Organization is brought back into it; it does not include regular extension of appointment.
Any increase or decrease in the cost of a resource input in the budget period compared with that in the previous budget period, arising from changes in costs, prices and exchange rates.
- The Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, signed at The Hague on 16 December 1970;
Many Parties emphasized that the issue of climate change was new to them and so their effort in climate change education, training and public awareness was not commensurate with the importance they placed on this issue.
Friday, 24 February 2006
I think that we could perhaps work on some of the elements mentioned to give a better reflection of the situation we are in - a factual description.
(iv) Adopt methods appropriate to the students' development level, abilities and learning styles;
Before you know it, your cellar will be filled - and it will be filled with wines really worth collecting: ones you enjoy.
Job security for respective nationals has become an urgent policy challenge, as the economies have been slowing down.
77. Mr. Vidal (Uruguay) said that there was a clear consensus on the important contribution that United Nations peacekeeping operations made to international peace and security, as well as on their legitimacy and high cost-benefit ratio.
Currently, RRN hosts the regional secretariat of the South Asia Alliance for Poverty Eradication (SAAPE), a regional network of civil society organizations and individuals in South Asia; and the international secretariat of LDC Watch, the international network of civil society organizations based in the least developed countries.
Consequently the compiler and linker are able to make sensible choices concerning the placement of the variables in memory.
Such transfers have been made conditional on additional obligations or the waiving of rights enshrined in the Treaty.
Another user ck867 said Rudd's apparent gaffe would not affect how people voted.
Be nice to me only when the job I'm doing for you could really change your life.
A. Context 1 - 5 3
I couldn't sleep if I rustled cattle.
Civilian electoral observers
 6. At the 1442nd meeting, on 10 July, statements were made by the representatives of India, Papua New Guinea, China, Cuba, the Russian Federation and the Syrian Arab Republic (see A/AC.109/PV.1442).
The thrust of the draft resolution remains the further promotion of good-neighbourliness, cooperation and integration as crucial to security, lasting stability and sustainable development of the region.
Labelled "the fastest-growing company ever" by ardent fans, the firm has turned a simple concept into a money-spinner.
From 1993 to 1996: Senior scientific researcher
Over the years, this argument keeps coming up every once in a while, and every time it does, I find it short-sided at best.
The best way to show these traits is to take the initiative and have several personal stories that you can tell, taking maybe 30 to 90 seconds each.
The Executive Board may wish to:
by the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services.
Mr. Ospina Sardi also requested that the author be refused permission to see the children in Colombia and that the children should not be allowed to visit their mother in Italy.
Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related forms of intolerance, follow-up and implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
Sixty-sixth session
I wish to take this opportunity to draw attention to the fact that the Seabed Disputes Chamber not only is competent to deal with disputes regarding activities in the international seabed area but is also empowered to give advisory opinions.
Schedule 6. Status of operating funds advanced to agencies as at 31 December 1999
Reaffirming that the costs of the Mission are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
There is more balance in front the more accurate the more serious.
19. Calls upon States to put in place concrete measures to ensure that while children heading households, especially girls, exercise all the rights of the child, they also receive appropriate assistance to enable them to fulfil their de facto responsibilities as household heads by ensuring and protecting their property and inheritance rights;
The author's contention that the prison authorities did not respond to his requests for a copy of his written appeals application does not exempt him from his obligation to provide the Committee with the means of substantiating his claims.
As the key priority under its normative work, the Department will continue to provide substantive support to the policy-making organs indicated in the proposed programme budget for 1998-1999 under former sections 7, 9 and 10.
12. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General, and requests the Secretary-General to seek further the views of Member States and relevant agencies of the United Nations system and to submit a substantive report on this subject to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
As part of the overall nuclear disarmament process, nonstrategic nuclear weapons as well must be reduced in a verifiable and irreversible manner on all sides.
E. Efforts for creating protection strategies
60. In recent years, the role of nuclear energy has been re-evaluated in light of increasing energy demand and global warming.
Special activities
 It continues to cooperate closely with UNHCR and with the Ministry of Rehabilitation in assessing the state of readiness of home communes to receive returnees, and to assist those communes in the resettlement process.
The recommendations listed below enjoy the support of the Dominican Republic:
Lise Commeyras
Ukraine now has 42 such units.
7. The existing legislation in the State party (1997 Act on combating partner violence) has a narrow approach to the reality of gender-based violence against women that exists in all spheres of life.
Don't forget we're going to the exhibition this afternoon.
Our steel works a mile beyond the town.
Item 13 of the provisional agenda*
The provisions of Article 14 of the Convention shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Protocol.
And then we shall fight to the death, shan't we, Nelly?' she returned, laughing.
Table 18A.9 Summary of resource requirements by subprogramme
13. After considering all the candidates, the members of the Advisory Group recommended that the following candidates, in order of preference, be offered grants to participate in the OHCHR Indigenous Fellowship Programme in 1999: Candidate Alternate
246. On average, women have higher education than men in the BiH labour market.
The stalemate in the issue of the Chinese province of Taiwan, to cite just one instance, is not conducive to the promotion of stability in that part of the world.
The splitting activities by the Taiwan separatist forces are unpopular.
:: 1997-1999, Member of the Rules of Procedure and Evidence Committee.
The goal of squeezing as much money as possible out of time makes a great deal of sense in poor countries, where inefficient use of time can lead to starvation.
- Containerized building made of 20' modified sea containers (2 prototypes) for the Regional Service Centre at Entebbe
Apucarana
List of issues and questions with regard to the consideration of periodic reports
Gabon
Ren Ziwei
Limited access to health, education and employment continues to be a serious challenge.
(d) In traditional societies, women are even more vulnerable to the impact of climate change because they are often not allowed to participate in the public sphere, and are therefore less likely to receive critical information for emergency preparedness.
I'll be  ready  in a fraction of a second.
To demand an explanation from; call to account.
Some 9,500 completed the vocational training in 2012, as did 13,100 in 2013.
I will ask you, the members of the Assembly, to be both ambitious and specific.
10. World sugar prices have been on a rollercoaster ride in 2010.
Afghanistan (23 March 2001)
There were, however, a number of items that needed clarification.
However, all those efforts were affected by structural adjustment policies, globalization and a growing debt burden.
Reference ranges for blood tests
The sudden knock at the door distracted me from my fancy thinking.
It also expresses its appreciation for the role played by domestic and international electoral observers and encourages further such support for parliamentary elections;
False - twist methods develop texture in filament fibers through the use of controlled heat.
10. On a related matter, the Advisory Committee also notes from the above-mentioned results-based-budgeting frameworks that one of the planned indicators of achievement for the performance reporting period reads "Independent National Commission on Human Rights achieves full compliance with the Paris Principles".
(c) UNICEF perceives that country-level advances in United Nations reform are largely due to the organization's field capacity and programming knowledge;
This part contains basic statistical data related to the population, based on the Population and Housing Census 2011, data from the Statistical Office of Slovakia for 2012 and data published by the National Bank of Slovakia.
of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
Emerald
It was the elusive spirit of poetry itself that he sensed and sought after but could not capture.
I am convinced that most people sleep asas they do because they afor any other diversion.
Oropharyngeal cancer
(a) That the communication is inadmissible;
When did this happen? How long ago did he leave?
I have a decaying tooth.
Creates a new toolbox item container from a toolbox item.
Recognizing that effective protection requires communication and cooperation nationally and internationally among all stakeholders and that national efforts should be supported by effective, substantive international and regional cooperation among stakeholders,
He therefore suggested that the text of that paragraph should replace the first sentence of section II, paragraph 1, of the Franco-German paper, but that its second sentence should be retained.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.28 without a vote (see para. 9).
Association of Latin American Industrialists2
39. Mr. Abdelaziz (Egypt) said that, unfortunately, any nation or people was a potential victim of terrorism, a criminal phenomenon whose appearance on the international scene Egypt had been among the first countries to warn against. Egypt had acted against terrorism in a concerted manner both nationally and internationally.
In South Korea, one of the world's most wired societies, addiction to online games has long been treated as a teenage affliction.
The Human Rights Council assumed the mandate by its decision 2006/102 and extended it for a further three-year period by its resolution 15/18 of 30 September 2010.
In addition, their capacities to manage and prioritize adult education programmes were strengthened.
Mr. Chairman,It is the common responsibility of all countries to implement the outcomes of major UN conferences and summits in the field of development.
A spokesman for the central bank referred inquiries to a statement issued on Saturday, which reads in part: 'The People's Bank of China will also continue its close communication and cooperation with other central banks and international financial organizations, and work together to weather the financial crisis.
1. Decides that the working group with the mandate of negotiating, finalizing and submitting to the Human Rights Council a draft United Nations declaration on the rights of peasants and other people working in rural areas shall hold its second session for five working days before the twenty-ninth session of the Council;
The Leisure-time Life of the Literati and Scholar-Bureaucrat in the Ming Dynasty from the Perspective of Traveling Ideas
In spite of extensive consultations conducted by the President he announced on the last day of the Conference that Parties had not been able to reach a consensus.
My dirty little whore of a nose Is sorry that she let you down.
29. Non-post resources total $57,969,700, as shown in the table below:
s very fair. s very dark.
Member States documented gains in the area of education and training.
A common scenario is to populate the event arguments with values retrieved from a database.
Spring in Osaka: A Festival of Flowers and Greenery
32. During the reporting period, the Operation continued to support the restructuring of the armed forces and the integration of former belligerent forces. This helped to stabilize the security situation in the country while ensuring that full compliance with the arms embargo and adherence of all parties to the Ouagadougou Political Agreement and its implementation were monitored.
Inside the FAO Building there are two restaurants, various cafeterias, a bookstall, a post office, various cafeterias and many shops
Our aim is inclusive and transparent coordination among the relevant ministries and an Afghan national action plan on women, peace and security.
147 BC deaths
Understanding the urgency and benefit of disseminating information on new substances that enables individual Parties to limit or ban the use of those substances as soon as possible,
If necessary, the ILO would be willing to help the Commission to obtain further information.
All right. Well, let's get you lyin' down.
In recent years the phenomenon of migration had become acute; observers had helplessly watched women forced to abandon their children in order to provide better economic conditions for them and women who had to deal alone with the upbringing of their children because their husbands were leaving their homes in search of better incomes.
29 June 1990
Article 29 The expenses for compensation shall be listed in the fiscal budget of governments at all levels, the detailed rules of which shall be formulated by the State Council.
My country has also sought to provide welfare for children, based on its constitutional commitments and on the instruments and treatises to which it is party.
It was so valuable the Mayans even used cocoa beans as currency.
Recognizing also that the legacies of apartheid will continue to affect disadvantaged South Africans for years to come,
NET is accelerating the transform to the distributed computing.
Start restructuring when things are going well and not when the water is already up to your neck.
Finally, the themes for agenda item 99 (operational activities for development) were: (1) financing of operational activities for development and (2) effectiveness of development assistance, including its impact on national capacity-building.
Asia’s New Entente
And let him that heareth say, Come.
Reaffirming also that any economic or other activity that has a negative impact on the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories and on the exercise of their right to self-determination in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations and General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) is contrary to the purposes and principles of the Charter,
Shaman and Retribution paladins will get mana and spell damage in other ways.
When an auto financing company鈥檚 establishment and business operations involve currency exchange, outward repatriation of profits, provision of auto loans for non-residents, capital management or other business transactions relating to foreign exchange administration, the company shall be subject to relevant regulations to be jointly issued by relative regulatory authorities and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange.
This and all other PFP Intranet sites, to be rolled out during 2008 and 2009, can be integrated into a coherent PFP presence for National Committees and country office fundraisers.
Several States that submitted information for the present report highlighted efforts to address discriminatory attitudes through gender equality education (the Czech Republic and Peru); training teachers on gender equality (Greece, Haiti and Oman); eliminating gender stereotypes from textbooks (the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Oman and Turkey); and mainstreaming gender perspectives in teaching materials and strategies (Peru).
The President of the COP at its tenth session had consulted with Parties on this item but no consensus had been reached on how to include it in the agenda.
He is strict in observing the Sabbath.
Economic Freedom of the World: 2001 Annual Report published by the Fraser Institute of Canada and the Cato Institute of the United States
His delegation supported the minor drafting changes proposed by the delegation of the Netherlands.
Several national authorities, including the FIU and the Authority for the Supervision of Public Contracts, also report cases to the police or public prosecutors.
Members of the majority may be comparatively poor, but they have numbers on their side.
So I think the outcome should be philanthropy and those of you who are successful really ought to give it away.
Rahula like a royal elephant: immense, pedigreed , accustomed to battles , its tusks like chariot poles.
Reason things out with your mother; she sure will come round.
Another potential advantage for UAS is that future designs may be better able to survive in contested airspace than manned aircraft are.
22.When is the store closing?
That could be achieved by establishing processes to centrally record all elements of pay and benefits paid to staff, cross-referencing to documentation held in local offices, to maintain a clear audit trail and support payroll payments.
Intermittent economic crises, political unrest and conflict and structural transformations in social and environmental trends continue to have adverse impacts on energy security.
This technology can benefit both the enterpris e's economic efficiency and the environment protection.
You know how we like to make our little boxes watertight.
Mrs. Eleanor M. Fuller (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
29. The progressive diminution of development policy options, under the weight of international treaties and contractual obligations to global financial institutions, has contributed to the deterioration in the development performance of a large number of developing countries and countries in transition over several decades.
(ii) Reduction in the time to produce mandate implementation plans, manuals and procedures to start up peace operations
With regard to pentachlorophenol:
The actiontook place in a seaside village.
2. Under the terms of operative paragraphs 1, 7, 9, 11, 15 and 18 of draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.62 as orally revised, the General Assembly would:
Protecting human rights necessarily requires considering the rights of victims before considering the penalty itself.
This amendment to the Constitution has been transposed into the Law on the Ombudsman, which introduces a new competence according to which the Ombudsman undertakes actions and measures to protect the principle of non-discrimination of persons belonging to the communities which are not majority in the Republic of Macedonia and their equitable representation in state administration bodies, in the units of local self-government and in public institutions and agencies.
He evaded the questions skillfully.
"(a) Ensure that the generation of hazardous wastes and other wastes within it is reduced to a minimum, taking into account social, technological and economic aspects;
I therefore reiterate my appeal to all the parties and movements that have asked ministers to suspend their participation in government activities to rein themselves in, return to the Agreement and return to the Republic.
VENUS WILLIAMS: Yeah, we just have to try to play more
In 1994, the Research Council carried out an independent evaluation of Norwegian space research with the help of an international group.
International Atomic Energy Agency
Inflation in 2012 is expected to remain low, close to 1 per cent.
The SDS Officer is responsible for the accurate accounting of SDS transactions and the review of related accounting guidelines.
Objective: To evaluate the effect of treatment by biofeedback training in children who had anorectal malformation with postoperative fecal incontionence.
Signed by Brazil on 7 January 1994.
Article 46 In case there is any such activity as building an uphill pond, a reservoir, or a dyke or dam; excavating a water course, a trunk channel or other waterway; stone-quarrying; sand-fetching; or digging a well for water, which is carried out within a specific distance from both sides of a railway line, bridge or culvert, and which might cause adverse effects on the stability of the railway subgrade or endanger the railway bridge or culvert, the relevant local people's government at or above the county level shall order such activities to be ceased, and set a time limit for restoring the site to its original state or to take necessary safety and protection measures.
Proceedings of the session
Concerning paragraph 2, the suggestion was made to place it in a separate article, entitled "conditions for the exercise of diplomatic protection", since it was not clearly related to paragraph 1.
The Central Electoral Commission was also headed by a woman.
Data were analyzed to determine the cumulative sensitivity of blood cultures obtained sequentially during the 24 h time period.
She then enthusiastically invited me over to her house. Her house was very elegant. Any item in her house could cost me two years of rent.
4. Also welcomes the renewed commitment given by both sides during the meeting chaired by the United Nations in Geneva on 18 and 19 February 2008 to resume regular consultations within the quadripartite meetings on security issues without delay, and once more urges both sides to finally fulfil this commitment;
The process of making maps or scale drawings from photographs, especially aerial photographs.
In order to update that report, it should be noted that the following adjustment procedures were applied.
Get adequate sleep. Aim for eight hours a night, and be consistent with bedtime.
Informing others of our work will highlight the important issues we cover and encourage more expeditious implementation of Assembly resolutions by Member States.
2. The person concerned shall be afforded full opportunity to present and receive evidence, to make written submissions and to supply answers to any questions put to him or her.
3. Commends the convening in Brazzaville, on 3 May 2013, under the auspices of the African Union Commission and ECCAS, of the inaugural meeting of the International Contact Group on the Central African Republic.
Benefits management
The reports of the Fifth Committee on agenda item 121, "Financing of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994", and on agenda item 122, "Financing of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia", are contained in documents A/59/603 and A/59/604 respectively.
In this connection, the point was made that it was often difficult to establish the causal link between the breach and the occurrence of the damage.
鈥淣o, madame, we must part, we must part, I tell you!
You belong to this world really is not many things, you do not properly cherish, it will go away from you, including love, including life.
For UN 3119, in the entry for "1,1,3,3-Tetramethylbutyl peroxyneodecanoate, not more than 52%, stable dispersion, in water", insert the following new row:
61. Although accurate statistics are hard to come by, the UNDP Human Development Report and reports from the United Nations regional economic commissions provide startling information on both the persistence of poverty in many developing countries despite adherence to structural adjustment programmes for well over a decade.
Opens the frequently asked questions web page.
Bronze was a very useful metal.
At last we can conclude that deepening and optimizing MSS reform is necessary and beneficial.
Yet this is perhaps not so surprising, given recent stories about police violence and corruption.
What is there to update the general ah Baidu?
12. The evaluation unit of UNIFEM managed the independent evaluation of UNIFEM's programming in gender and HIV/AIDS.
Assyrian Academic Society
JS 1 noted that the political debates on amendments to asylum and alien legislation centre almost exclusively focus on "combating abuse".
More ambitiously, Modi’s government has expanded the reach and scope of India’s scheme to issue to all residents a “unique identification number,” or Aadhaar, linked to their biometrics.
Banks compete for customers just like other places of business, so you can shop around for the best bargains.
Issy-les-Moulineaux
The Decade of Roma Inclusion provides a blueprint for how to achieve integration and equality, and to eliminate unlawful discrimination.
Saint-Jean-de-Rebervilliers
Domestic plot ratio is applied to the Net Site Area (i.e. excluding roads and zoned open space).
3. We also consider that such a session would be of value to the Council itself and enable it to critically examine its progress on issues, its processes and how it can increase its efficiency and effectiveness in addressing the situations before it.
The bank will also assist them to look for other job opportunities.
The Supreme People's Court actively conducts friendly cooperation with the World Intellectual Property Organization and European , and has hosted several seminars and training courses on IPR, the results of which have been encouraging.These seminars and training courses have effectively promoted the enhancement of China's IPR judicial protection, and continuously pushed the level of its IPR-related judicial work to a new high.
Birganj Upazila
Overall situation of food security
Ilkhanate
The next steps in the elaboration of a full classification require a broader consultation process to ensure an inclusive representation of different crime information systems.
6. The Chairman said that if there was no objection, he would take it that the Committee agreed to defer the taking of decisions on the draft resolutions.
For them you are willing to slaughter.
 President Roosevelt did not live to speak those words, which he wrote for what would have been his last address.
Peeling back his trouser leg, he showed us the wound.
39. The report covers such topics as population growth and its components; changing population age structures; population distribution; urbanization and internal migration; and the interrelationship of population growth, economic growth, poverty, food provision and the environment.
He heard also of official pressures on party members and organizers to resign their membership and on landlords to refuse to rent office premises to political parties.
Some Londoners are already griping the Games will cost too much
Mr. Gerhard Pfanzelter (Austria)
(e) Raise awareness through information and education measures with a view to restoring the dignity of people of African descent, and consider making available the support for such activities to non-governmental organizations;
In communications, the problem of electronics is how to convey information from one place to another.
13 Ibid., Fifty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 33 and corrigendum (A/54/33 and Corr.1), para. 101.
Percent distribution of enrollees, 1996-1997
The Human Rights Committee has noted in its General Comment No. 23 of 1994 (on Art. 27 of the ICCPR) that, although phrased in the negative, the Article requires States to take positive measures in support of minorities.
According to section 75 of the Works Constitution Act, the works council is obliged to ensure that every person employed in the establishment is treated in accordance with the principles of law and equity, and that there is in particular no discrimination against persons on account of their descent, religion, nationality, origin, political or trade union activity or convictions.
There can be no doubt that English is one of the world's most widely used languages.
A victim mentality is one where you blame everyone else for what happens in your world.
My delegation welcomes the Secretary-General's initiative that led to the creation of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria and other transmittable diseases.
The international community cannot remain silent while the critical situation continues to escalate and so many lives are at stake.
Although the majority of women work full time, they tend to ensure most of the domestic and family care work.
With the formation and development of Chinese phonology, monks played a very important role at it.
The President: On behalf of the General Assembly, I wish to thank the Constitutional President of the Republic of Bolivia for the statement he has just made.
The SPT warmly welcomes this opportunity to engage with the General Assembly on matters relating to its mandate.
This paper makes an offer to differentiate the original data and target data.
4.8 degrees East
All personal data you provide to the Government via the SWD website are secured, and access to them is restricted to authorized personnel only.
The outermost layer of the crown.
The bolt body is a complete member made of resin and fiber by means of bonding.
When then Chinese now steal Mongol history to falsely claim the as the Mongolian Empire as the Chinese Yuan dynasty.
Mr Lau Dick-shun, Experimental Officer(D)21
xvi. Infusion pumpc
United Nations
Such possibilities exist ( in the shifting of waste, for example ) but these are typically over - egged.
Occupied Palestinian territory Resolution 2002/1
77.46. Establish commissions of inquiry, and investigate and prosecute those who commit torture and violate human rights (United Kingdom);
5. The Comprehensive Agreement on Human Rights (A/48/928-S/1994/448, annex), established the commitment to strengthen the Office of the Counsel for Human Rights, the institution constitutionally entrusted with ensuring the effective enjoyment of those rights.
3. Persons who lack access to safe water and sanitation remain excluded from the most elementary opportunities for social integration and inclusion.
I don't think he wants to go anywhere. As far as I'm concerned, he's happy here.
1. Strongly affirms its commitment to the eradication of polio from all OIC Member States so that they can contribute effectively to the goal of Global Polio Eradication.
CSW recommended a review of the political, legislative and judicial system so as to ensure a judiciary, which is "competent, independent and impartial", and that all professionals involved in the system of justice be trained on relevant international standards.
However, a list cannot consist chiefly of candidates without Luxembourg nationality.
Medium-term (8 years)
Yeah, this is the big bopper speaking.
2. Commends the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe for the relevant decisions and declarations adopted by the Tenth Ministerial Council at its meeting in Porto, Portugal, on 6 and 7 December 2002, in particular its Charter on Preventing and Combating Terrorism, which reaffirms the core lasting and timeless principles guiding the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in this field, the decision on implementing the organization's commitments and activities on combating terrorism, the Porto Ministerial Declaration, entitled "Responding to Change", which underlines the role of the organization in the evolving international security environment, its decision on the development of a strategy to address threats to security and stability in the twenty-first century, the decision on an annual security review conference, the Declaration on Trafficking in Human Beings, the decision on tolerance and non-discrimination, the decision on electoral standards, the decision on enhancing the role of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in economic and environmental dimensions, the decision on reviewing the role of the organization in the field of peacekeeping operations and the statements by the Ministerial Council on regional issues;
During the period from 2001 to 2004, a total of 13.52 billion yuan in small-sum credit loans for rural households was granted from the state poverty-reduction discount loans, and more than half of the money went to women.
8. Change management efforts have been made, but there is no management for change.
Women who were preparing to marry received information on family planning if they requested it, but the information was not volunteered until after the birth of their first child because the Government was endeavouring to increase the nation's birth rate.
16. The representative of Ukraine said that, with the significant changes that had occurred in the world economy, it had become evident that successful economic development depended on the availability and effective enforcement of national competition legislation, while international co-operation on competition law and policy was of primary importance.
2. Responses to call for information
It also donates an amino group in synthesis reactions, e . g . the synthesis of purines and pyrimidines.
(a) Increase budget allocations for the implementation of the rights recognized in the Convention both at the central and at the local level;
However, the specific overtime requirements for trade or occupation a public work project may differ.
Under the 2009-2012 National Plan of Action for Children, the Ministerial Committee for Children was set up to act as the national coordination authority.
Red Bull X2010
140. As part of the follow-up to the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, adopted by consensus on 15 September 1995 and reflecting the international community's commitment to the advancement of women and to the implementation of the Platform for Action, the Mauritanian Government ensured that the gender perspective was mainstreamed in all the country's development policies and programmes.
4. Operational planning and integrated mission task forces
This will require the dispatch of fact-finding missions, the assessment of needs and the preparation of consolidated appeals at the very onset of emergencies.
Since the Bradyrhizobium strains still form nodules to establish symbiosis they must be using different signalling molecules to do so.
The majority of activities during 2004 were undertaken in countries in Latin America, in particular in Guatemala and Peru.
For example, in the area of Meiram, south of Abyei, clashes between SPLA forces and SAF related to the integration of erstwhile other armed groups resulted in the displacement of approximately 2,000 people.
59. Human Rights Commission Act 2004 provides for the protection of human rights defenders.
49. Similarly, at 21 per cent, the unemployment rate among Arab youth in 2004 was more than double that of adults.
Paragraph 1 applies whether or not the act in question is internationally wrongful for the member or members to which the decision is directed.
Without adequate funds, no amount of structural adjustment would yield the necessary results.
Toby Flood
In this regard, the Committee notes the measures undertaken by the Unit, which were welcomed by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/238.
The Contractor shall cooperate with the Authority in the implementation of such monitoring.
These records will provide the analysts with a comprehensive record of the history of each site undergoing monitoring.
A United Nations presence on the ground in Somalia would complement regional and international efforts to promote peace, stability and reconciliation in that country.
'so what? " Tom said sullenly.
The Arab leaders affirm the importance of activating and promoting Arab-European dialogue, which in their view serves the shared interests of both groups and strengthens existing links of economic and social cooperation in accordance with a comprehensive vision, taking into account all aspects of relations between the two sides.
 During the week ending 9 March 1996, the Security Council took action on the following items:
Oh, another beautiful day.
During his first interview at the Migration Board, he stated that he was beaten, hit with weapons and tortured during his military service in 2001, but gave no further details about these incidents.
Both interpretations and verbatim records rely upon the statement actually delivered, but copies of texts help interpreters to correctly render details and nuances and help verbatim reporters to produce the written record more quickly.
Peter Holz, Michael Rahmann, Marco Düerkop, Ernst-Heinrich Ahlf,
The eight University Grants Committee (UGC) funded-institutions will jointly organise the Second Conference on Quality in Teaching and Learning on 24-26 May 2001.
The Women's Commission was a high-level central mechanism to advise and assist the government on women's issues and to advocate for women's interests.
'He is a Communist Party member so he has to carry out these policies,' says Taiwan's Wu Ching-kuo.
, says he is one place that entertains strangers, but it is not a reputable house; if thee wilt walk with me, Ill show thee a better
These courts do not conform to the Basic Principles on the Independence of the Judiciary.
To study the conflict between trademarks and names of enterprises and accelerate the formulation of the Regulations on Handling the Conflict between Trademarks and Names of Enterprises.
2. The Conference elected Mr. Markku Reimaa (Finland) as the Chairman of the Committee; Mr. Igor Dzundev (The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) and Mr. Hamid Baedi Nejad (Islamic Republic of Iran) served as Vice-Chairmen.
There can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding a heart that understands.
The situation affecting the Caribbean member State of Cuba continues to be of significant concern to the Caribbean Community in the context of contemporary international relations.
(d) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the interim report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel since 1967;
Plans are also being made for an expert consultation (see paragraph 93 below).
Prevention of terrorism
Estimated half-lives for soil reach the persistence threshold of six months.
In the case of peacekeeping operations, the unliquidated obligations amount reported is the final amount following closure of the financial period.
The transport van's route will take it up main street, By which time, logan will ve hacked the city's Yeah. you're gonna make sure the lights at 3rd and main Stay green as the van approaches.
Nevertheless, the magnitude of the 1997 panic cannot be explained by the extent of the policy errors.
Is there a youth hostel near by?
At a parallel level, it was noted that such an advancement must be reflected in the post-2015 development agenda.
Indigenous psychology gives birth to and develops a certain race or cultural colony.
OIOS reiterates its response regarding the Special Representative's overall responsibility (see para. 7).
684. Reference should be made to the management response above relating to the recommendation in paragraph 33, parts (a) and (b), in the Board's report for the biennium ended 31 December 2011.
Tight - fisted as he was about spending money , Xiangzi let slip no chance of earning it.
In that connection, it was observed that while the humanitarian situation should affect the parameters of the sanctions regime and the scope of the humanitarian assistance, the decision on lifting sanctions would depend primarily on the compliance by the target State with the requirements of the Security Council.
Overall orientation
 The other two mandates are being satisfactorily fulfilled.
The Committee recommends approval of the proposal to reclassify six posts from the Local level to the National Officer level.
I was lucky enough to meet him there.
Any of various tropical American evergreen trees of the genus Swietenia, valued for their hard, reddish - brown wood.
110. Work on the intellectual property aspects of genetic resources is continuing in the context of WIPO, including its Intergovernmental Committee on Intellectual Property and Genetic Resources, Traditional Knowledge and Folklore.
An exception should be made in the case of arbitration for the reasons given by the representative of Mexico.
Ten representatives, including some also speaking on behalf of groups, intervened in discussions on the implementation of General Assembly resolutions on revitalization and General Assembly working methods, including such operational and technical issues as voting and balloting.
He took the train to come here. He took the train here.
One member of the Committee proposed an automatic review mechanism for listings, similar to that suggested by the Monitoring Team in its fourth report, but refined to require reviews of listings every two years, instead of the five-year period suggested by the Team (S/2006/154, paras. 49 and 50).
Activities in Support of Global Principles.
In fact, cocoa beans were used as a form of currency that was worth its weight in gold
Provides major trunk services in corridors with very high demand.
The International Organization of La Francophonie is there to support this major initiative by making available its French-speaking expertise and experience in the areas of peace, security, democracy, good governance, human rights and sustainable development.
Last Revision Date : 23 September 2008
In one serious incident on 23 January, a group of civilians temporarily obstructed the movement of a UNIFIL foot patrol in the area of Bint Jbeil (Sector West).
The achievement can also be used in other industrial refuses.
The use of inhumane chemical weapons has a long, dark history.
Annual session 20-23 June 2011
 Inspired by the purposes and principles of the United Nations, the policy of non-alignment, and respect for human rights, we seek friendship and cooperation with all countries of the world, and in particular with our neighbours.
Remember? the light here is artificial.
+rather than+ He prefer to die rather than become traitor
Providing administrative and substantive support to these meetings incurs significant financial and human resources, which have not increased concurrently.
I should like to draw the Committee's attention to the programme budget implications of the draft resolution, which are contained in document A/C.1/60/L.61.
I think beautiful men are like a Prada handbag: women want them to make other women jealous, but in the long run it's not really satisfying.
It was noted that technical cooperation services were of the utmost importance, particularly for developing countries and the least developed countries, in strengthening the capability of national criminal justice systems to deal with requests for judicial assistance.
Legal Affairs Section
 'The General Assembly solemnly proclaims the United Nations Declaration on Corruption and Bribery in Transnational Commercial Activities set out below.
Participants were made aware of Israel's policy measures in combating desertification as presented to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification and how these approaches may be implemented in the participants' home countries.
The primary source of information on drug seizures was the replies to the annual reports questionnaire, part III (Illicit supply of drugs), submitted by Governments for 2002 and previous years.
Opportunity's brother is savvy the opportunities are the enemies of numbness.
sickness absence prevention and support within companies.
Stephen independence in 1942, following the fighting that has opened up a Yangcheng Anti - Japanese Base Area.
Non-governmental organizations
Rule 3
The current hiatus in the Conference is not unprecedented.
It is a place of cinematic splendour, complete with rolling mist and thick undergrowth .
Mr. Galindo Cruz (Mexico) asked about the extent to which United Nations structures such as information centres could be used to facilitate technical cooperation and assistance activities aimed at promoting UNCITRAL texts.
112. Prohibit practices that violate the reproductive health and rights of women and adolescent girls, such as spousal or parental consent requirements to receive health services, including: (i) sexual and reproductive health services; (ii) denial of access to sexual and reproductive health services; (iii) violence in health-care settings, including sexual harassment, humiliation and forced medical procedures or those conducted without informed consent, and which may be irreversible, such as forced hysterectomy, forced Caesarean section, forced sterilization and forced abortion and forced use of contraceptives, as well as mandatory HIV testing; (iv) early and forced marriage; (v) female genital mutilation other harmful traditional practices; or (vi) discrimination in education and employment due to pregnancy and motherhood;
Yet the costs for meeting these problems are not computed in the GNP.
CHAPTER XI SPECIAL PROVISIONS Article 48.Within the waters of fishing harbours, the state fisheries administration and fishing harbour superintendency agencies shall exercise the functions and powers of the competent authority as provided in this Law, being responsible for the supervision and administration of traffic safety and for the investigation and handling of traffic accidents between fishing vessels in coastal waters.
The Working Group may wish to investigate the relationship between the principles of free, prior and informed consent and access and benefit sharing.
Mr. Volodymyr Krokhmal (Ukraine)
I'm leaving. But not for long.
7. Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all assistance and adequate staffing necessary to carry out his mandate effectively and to ensure that this mechanism works with the support of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;
Their participation in state affairs mainly takes the following forms: participating in the exercise of state power, consultation on fundamental state policies and the choice of state leaders, the administration of state affairs, and the formulation and implementation of state policies, laws and regulations.
21. In many areas, however, it was not clear from the Secretary-General's report the extent to which the intergovernmental bodies have examined the programme of work and made specific decisions on such issues as termination, postponement or modification of approved programmes.
8. Panel of Experts on the Sudan
road is made by feet, and the history is written by people.
United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (UNMIBH)a
United Nations Webcast:
The team met with the general manager and asked him questions about the changes that had taken place in the plant from 1998 to the present and about the end-users of its products.
The fifth regional response plan, which called for more than $1.6 billion in funding to address refugee needs in Lebanon until the end of the year, is 44 per cent funded.
He sought not to efface sorrow by forgetfulness, but to magnify and dignify it by hope.
5. And at its forty-eighth session, the General Assembly adopted resolution 48/32 of 9 December 1993, paragraphs 5 and 6 of which read as follows:
Someone blackballed the prospective member.
But the Italian delegation has just told us that it was a document submitted in its national capacity, and we have agreement that, except for document CRP.1, all those documents have to be in the appendix.
3. The Strategic Approach has a broad scope covering at least, but not limited to:
It is in this context that we would like to express our gratitude to and support for the delegations that participated in this exercise.
, He that commits a fault thinks everyone speaks of it.
Press tools. guide pillar mountings for smooth guiding
Pakistan climate change Iran: the New York University professor is no expert on any of these.
Av. des Accasias n° 31
The State party should also adopt asylum procedures in accordance with international standards as well as improve detention conditions, including by the use of alternative measures.
Article 34 Deputies to local people's congresses at various levels and members of their standing committees may not be legally liable for their speeches and voting at sessions of the people's congresses or meetings of their standing committees.
30 treatment specialists per country capable of delivering treatment services and training others
Ubatuba
It must be expensive.
If you (had )(been ) a little more careful, you(would )not(have )(maken )such a mistake.
In addition, the Davion system of March Militias came into common use throughout the Federated Commonwealth.
203. According to the projections made by the National Housing Council of the housing needs for the five-year period 1994-1998, the deficit will reach more than 1 million housing units by the end of the period.
The term "Tibet and other Tibetan areas" refers to Tibet and Tibetan areas outside Tibet.
All these should help speed up the internationalization of Chinas foreign trade and create a better environment for bringing about our macroeconomics and trade.
42. At the Summit Conference on Sustainable Development, held at Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia, in December 1996, OAS was entrusted with coordinating follow-up to the Plan of Action of the Summit Conference.
As a result, the real estate currently administered by the United Nations is quite extensive in physical and economic terms.
The Republic of Venezuela would like to take this opportunity to reiterate here in this forum its commitment to the individual human being as the centre of our public policy and to the drawing up of strategies to achieve and consolidate progress and well-being for our peoples.
Determining that the incidents of piracy and armed robbery at sea in the waters off the coast of Somalia exacerbate the situation in Somalia which continues to constitute a threat to international peace and security in the region,
1. Follow-up to the outcome of the special session on children: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/333) [41]
21. OHCHR grants, the participation of specialized OHCHR staff and other contributions have supported international human rights education activities organized by other actors.
An estuary of southwest France formed by the Garonne and Dordogne rivers and opening into the Bay of Biscay.
August 1998: Foundations of Human Rights, training seminar for members and staff of the National Human Rights Commission (CNDH)
(a) "Public/private partnerships": One "P" too many!
Kyrgyzstan
17. Coordination and cooperation
 The policies of the administering Power were leading, for example, to the active destruction of the demographic role of the indigenous Chamorro people in their homeland.
However, it was pointed out that under some circumstances, such as where unexploded munitions are salvaged for scrap and explosive, SDA was still an unsatisfactory solution.
Within this context, and also in light of growing interdependence in an era of globalization, some delegations emphasized that developing and developed countries shared responsibilities in realizing rights and should fulfil their duties in a manner that promoted equitable development based on sovereign equality, mutual interest and cooperation.
Mr. Ricardo Lozano Picon
Face detection in complex backgrounds is the advanced stage of the automatic face detection and location.
Bernard dogs have saved the lives of travelers crossing the dangerous pass. ) These kind (friendly) dogs were first introduced (brought) from Asia and served as watchdogs in as early as Rome times.
While it was indicated that a general, if not a specific, level of intent, based on a factual and legal assessment, should be required in that regard, the view was also expressed that it would be difficult to provide evidence of specific intent on the part of a member to circumvent its obligations by using the competence of the organization.
Coordination and provision of support to Parties in follow-up to the country-led initiative on environmentally sound management and further legal clarity
`If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you wouldn't talk about wasting IT.
It was concerned by the lack of transparency in the selection process, which was often carried out without announcing vacancies.
It dedicates to the science, practice and application of microbiology and virology.
 87. UNDCP has developed a rapid assessment methodology to assist in the identification of domestic patterns of drug abuse with a view to facilitating the development of appropriate drug control interventions.
24.9 In terms of industrial and technological development, four publications were issued at the initiative of the secretariat to enable wider dissemination of regional strategies and policies for industrial and technological development emanating from the Meeting of Ministers of Industry and Technology and other technical meetings.
Bosnia and Herzegovina, France, Germany, Lebanon, Nigeria, Portugal, Russian Federation, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States of America: draft resolution
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva
The Bureau recommended to the Board that it extend the mandate for the consultations.
Be clean and neat, inside and out.
Influence on Effective Constitutes of Bone Dregs and Bone Soup by Different Preparing Ways on Sheep Bone
Her yearly tuition is $ 2 , 000.
The high prevalence of HIV/AIDS in many African countries is both a human tragedy and a major obstacle to development.
Nokia X platform
Highly educated European women who have children either stay at home or work part-time and get stuck in low-end jobs.
2.6 The complainant applied for judicial review of the 8 October 2002 removal decision.
70. Member States, the United Nations and humanitarian and development organizations are urged to ensure a more comprehensive, coherent, systematic and people-centred approach to managing risks, including through the new global frameworks being developed for sustainable development, disaster risk reduction and climate change and through the outcome of the World Humanitarian Summit.
Gets a reference to the Style object that allows you to set the appearance of the validation error messages.
His talents blossomed into genius, and school and college became a series of triumphs.
43. With respect to promoting and protecting the rights of older persons, she noted that the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing had facilitated efforts to mainstream ageing issues, and urged the international community to help enhance national capacities to facilitate implementation of the Plan.
It is loosely modeled on a scene in "Inception" in which a team of characters is trying to transport a wounded colleague.
"10. Some proposals were made by participants, including the following: create collective responsibility for poverty eradication at both the national and global levels; ensure that the comprehensive approach to poverty eradication as agreed to in Copenhagen forms the basis of the approach to address the Millennium Development Goal to halve poverty by 2015; integrate social and macroeconomic policies, as while economic growth is necessary, it is not sufficient for poverty eradication; take into account the gender dimension of poverty, particularly the feminization of poverty, when formulating strategies and policies for the eradication of poverty; intensify efforts to address the debilitating debt burden, particularly through debt cancellation, in order to allow countries to redirect their scarce resources to social expenditures; expand international and bilateral cooperation, including the transfer of technology and the sharing of experiences and good practices for poverty eradication; promote good governance and the rule of law in order to combat poverty successfully.
If who want to shake hands with you, you certainly want to shake hands with him-brush-off the handshake is very ill-mannered.
Packing has a close bearing on sales.
He shall be the chief administrative officer of the Organization.
America might speak the language of cooperation, but its real game is containment.
‘I'm not strong enough，’I said．
Not in attendance were Ms. Tendai Ruth Bare and Ms. Mervat Tallawy.
It can fill your heart, sooth your soul, propel your body forward and, if you let it, momentum just might make you feel like you can do anything – and then likely, you can and will.
55/247, para. 11
In the face of the new forms of violence, discrimination and slavery -- I am referring here to child trafficking, child prostitution and sex tourism, forced migration because of economic conditions, transnational gangs and international thievery, among other ills -- Ecuador has made major progress.
Third, the lumbering legal system, which imposes huge costs on the companies that use it, must be overhauled.
Appressorium
It was likewise an issue uppermost in the minds of the staff.
Come, dear countess, and as a pledge give me this flower.”
What is the enclosed legal agreement for?
As discussed at the Board meeting in Nairobi in 2006, the Investment Management Division did not support a passive strategy because of the costs and the loss of control over asset allocation.
The State party should take all necessary steps to ensure that all persons, including those monitoring human rights, are protected from any intimidation or violence as a result of their activities and exercise of human rights guarantees, to ensure the prompt, impartial and effective investigation into such acts, and to prosecute and punish perpetrators and provide compensation to victims.
A “cyber attack” can take any number of forms, including simple probes, defacement of Web sites, denial-of-service attacks, espionage, and destruction of data.
The relatively small distance that separates Venus' and Earth's proximity to the sun makes a very big difference in temperature.
Agricultural activities and facilities, irrigation and drinking water projects and dams;
23. Draft principle 3, entitled "Purposes", explained that the draft principles were essentially designed to encourage the award of prompt and adequate compensation to victims of transboundary harm and to preserve and protect the environment through mitigation, restoration or reinstatement.
The process of informing policy with good science, however, currently falls short of its potential to pass on this crucial information in a clear and understandable manner to those making policy and legal decisions aimed at conserving biodiversity and maximizing the delivery of ecosystem services.
The Board of Governors of the IAEA indicated that some controlling measures might have to be applied to these two materials.
Early in the morning, a peasant came along and saw him, he went out onto the ice and hammered a hole in it with his heavy wooden shoe, and carried the duckling home to his wife.
The World Federation believes it has made a significant contribution to achieving some of the health objectives of the MDGs.
(h) Whether and when the parties are permitted to submit notes summarizing their oral arguments (paras. 84 and 85)
Because changes only occur upon construction, immutable classes make it trivial to write unit tests.
A. Objective and focus
I have no doubt that it can be adapted to meet the same measure of success for developing countries.
The Afghan parties, especially the Taliban, were called upon to guarantee the secure and uninterrupted supply of humanitarian aid to all of those in need.
You don't need to drag your answering machine with you on the road.
establish independent and competent national mechanisms for the prevention of torture, in accordance with the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, such as the present Office of the Public Defender.
Lack of predictability and sustainability affect all organizations, but particularly those that depend on voluntary funding for all or almost all of their core resources.
Some shelters don't have room or cannot afford to keep large numbers of critters around.
Identification of missing elements and those which need modification
2000 (3–14 April)
12. Slovakia considered the NPT an exceptionally important mechanism for dealing with issues vital to humanity.
Audit of information and communications technology governance and security management in peacekeeping missions
Approval was expressed for the United Nations Comprehensive Strategy on Assistance and Support to Victims of Sexual Exploitation and Abuse by United Nations Staff and Related Personnel, adopted by the Assembly in resolution 62/214, as well as for resolution 61/291, in which the Assembly amended the revised draft model memorandum of understanding.
The Committee therefore sees no reason to reverse its decision on admissibility.
Those newspapers that might be able to list its shares on stock markets will have to be individual enterprise rather than the traditional newspaper publishers.
His government also started to pay poor families to keep their children in school.
Our latest forecasts at the World Bank suggest that developing country growth will reach only 1.2 per cent in 2009, as compared to 7.7 per cent in 2007.
The board is the supreme policy body of the commission as prescribed in article 13 of the regulations.
A smiling face is half the meal.
(a) Reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/358, A/52/536, A/52/682);
Mineral deposits are coal, iron, copper, limestone and so on.
1989-1994 Preparatory Commission for the International Seabed Authority and for the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea; Head of Delegation; Chairman of the Credentials Committee
8 October 2013
Fifth Committee
As free-market economists teaching at a business school in the heart of the world's financial capital, we feel downright blasphemous proposing an all-out government takeover of the banking system.
House of Ariki
JIT in turn requires a particularly sophisticated and efficient transport system, which tends not to be available in developing countries.
On Christmas Eve 1801, a Cornish mining engineer, Richard Trevithick, drove the small steam coach he had invented up a hill “faster than a man could walk”.
He informed the Meeting that the Special Chamber established for that case had extended the time limits for making preliminary objections until 1 January 2010 and maintained the rights of the Parties to the dispute to revive the proceedings at any time.
They violate article 49, paragraph 6, of the Fourth Geneva Convention and their illegality has been confirmed by ICJ in its advisory opinion on the wall.
I am deeply grateful to you both for your kind encouragement, Ms. Smith and Mr. Li.
To have a woman keep the wicket to the mouse-trap of the secret cells.
75. In addition to the building of new bypass roads and new settlements, the occupying Power had continued the construction of the expansionist wall, which had been declared illegal by the International Court of Justice; that wall, which departed from the Green Line and cut deep into Palestinian territory, had led to the confiscation of more land and the destruction of property, crops and wells.
She said her husband wanted many children.
The President recalled that France has never taken part in the arms race and applies a principle of strict sufficiency, which means that it maintains its arsenal at the lowest possible level, consistent with the strategic context.
The kit included a guide spelling out their responsibilities and ways to manage their working relationship with the employee, listing proposed guidelines for a written agreement and highlighting relevant work permit regulations.
7. The Commission took note of the report with satisfaction and commended the work accomplished so far, in particular the holding of the Global Insolvency Colloquium and the efforts of coordination with the work carried out by other international organizations in the area of insolvency law.
Questionnaires could also be employed to gather data from a broad range of stakeholders.
This assistance will entail analysing areas requiring action, organizing groups of experts for the purpose of formulating appropriate responses to emerging needs and servicing multilateral consultations and negotiations, so as to contribute to the progressive development and codification of international law.
1382. Under the Employment Standards Act, retail workers are specifically entitled to at least 36 consecutive hours of rest in every sevenday period, with some limited exceptions.
Each organization had the right to revise its staff regulations and rules to meet its particular needs; changes made in one organization could not be applied automatically to others since the areas of concern were different.
Approved posts 2013/14
15. The Council of Ministers has just adopted a national policy for orphans and other vulnerable children and its implementation will help to resolve some of the difficulties of Batwa children from vulnerable households.
The results of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) are a step in that direction.
Due to limited information dissemination on the Law on Marriage and Family, women lack access to information and exercise of their rights.
A new algorithm of calculating the apparent place of fixed star.
7. Emphasizes the important role of national efforts aimed at bringing informal workers into the formal economy and integrating them into national social security systems;
Even more remarkably, the highest growth of Internet users is in the Republic of Korea and the highest rate of growth in the use of mobile phones is in Africa, albeit from a low base.
Order of voting of amendments
:: Punish the environment hazard polluters and ask them to pay for their action.
The Governments of the countries of the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda ("affected countries") were invited to present their views, which are reflected in the report.
8銆?If you give us the agency, we will spare no effort to further your interests.
Moreover, allegations have been received of corruption among judges, police officers and gendarmes and of a lack of training for judicial personnel.
The Committee notes that the Human Rights Committee generally makes an assessment of whether an author has exhausted domestic remedies at the time of its consideration of a communication in line with other international decision-making bodies, save in exceptional circumstances, the reason being that "rejecting a communication as inadmissible when domestic remedies have been exhausted at the time of consideration would be pointless, as the author could merely submit a new communication relating to the same alleged violation".
But you have totally forgotten about that.
It meets annually in New York for 10 working days.
He indicated that this meant that all work in all Negotiating Groups would be suspended.
Saudi Arabia seeks compensation in the amount of USD 3,781,647 for a project to evaluate remediation and restoration technologies for desert surface, vegetation and groundwater resources in its territory which may have been damaged as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Non-recurrent publication on status and prospects of the Arab city
During the reporting period, the Ombudsperson received 18 requests for delisting, for 16 separate individuals and two entities, bringing to 49 the number of delisting requests that have been submitted through the Ombudsperson mechanism since its establishment in 2009.
Until then, South Korea had never won a match in the Cup.
5. In terms of its suitability and usefulness, the current nomination process, involving use of a simple questionnaire, was seen as appropriate.
Total cost
26 February 2013
The Committee recommends that the State party undertake legislative reform to safeguard the enjoyment, without any discrimination, by all segments of the population of the economic, social and cultural rights listed in article 5 of the Convention.
Vojislav Koštunica
* Supervision of enforcement of sentences (for those convicted by the mechanism(s) only)
International Civil Service Commission IFAD
Elimination of stigma and discrimination on the basis of real or perceived HIV status;
(c) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting his report on the future operation of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (A/64/79-E/2009/74);
45. From 22 to 24 November, ONUB hosted the tenth meeting of the Tripartite Commission for the Voluntary Repatriation of Burundian Refugees, comprising Burundi, the United Republic of Tanzania and UNHCR.
A. Rights of set-off (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.68)
Moreover, payment of the purchase price was to be secured by a letter of credit.
Draw process flow diagram that reflects the current UHS walk - in clinic operations.
Subject to rule 25, any motion calling for a decision as to the competence of the Conference to adopt a proposal submitted to it shall be put to the vote before a vote is taken on the proposal in question.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Examples of teams in individual sports include relay teams in athletics and swimming, time trial teams in cycling, etc
Follow-up actions as a result of the NISSO report are primarily the responsibility of the individual police forces.
(i) Working paper by Mr. Rodríguez-Cuadros on promotion and consolidation of democracy (decision 2000/116).
Bloody Sunday
But I'm glad I caught you, you know?
Proposal from Tuvalu for an amendment to the Kyoto Protocol with respect to immunities for individuals serving on constituted bodies established under the Kyoto Protocol.
Virtue Foundation (special, 2005)
The Security Council must be made more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to make it more credible.
Special attention will be paid to adopting a comprehensive and integrated approach to crime prevention and criminal justice reform, as well as to the integration of crime prevention perspectives into the overall work of UNODC.
Since our country is liberate, many power plant have been set up in all parts of the country.
 With regard to the admission of migrants, Governments should avoid discriminating on the basis of race, religion, sex and disability, while taking into account health and other considerations relevant under national immigration regulations, particularly considering the special needs of the elderly and children.
Without consciously realizing why or how, Jennie had reached beyond reason to a deeper level of understanding, a newly recognized way of knowing that psychologists have dubbed "spiritual intelligence
As a fruit of my study, I develop a multimedia courseware of senior physics, which is designed according to some theories that was stated above.
A number of developments in the past few months justified a more optimistic prognosis.
Obviously the children play along around in these camps if and it is a challenge.
(a) Participation of special rapporteurs in the work of the United Nations
(f) Testimonies from Ghana referred to obstacles linked to marriage and employment.
Soho China Chief Executive Zhang Xin says the company set up a department last year to take calls from small developers trying to unload projects.
To travel by bicycle was to see many memorials only visible from the coastal path and to get a real feel for the terrain and the difficulties that faced the Allies on June 6, 1944.
Protecting the Polar Marine Environment: Law and Policy for Pollution Prevention
Râmnicelu, Buzău
It can convert from un - encrypted DVD, from individual chapters or several seamless chapters as one unit.
He has good handwriting.
30. In paragraph 1 the words "to take measures" should be inserted after the phrase "Law of the Sea".
UNDP would probably not be able to provide staff or resources.
I shall not go to the hospital just now.
SOT : CALEB FUNDI ( GERMAN ) THERE ARE MANY AFRICANS LIVING IN BERLIN.
Arsenicals have been shown to produce severe leg weekness in ducks.
Diffuser disc is produced from aluminum oxide and ceramic bonded together with high sintering temperature.
In comparison with the 1999 budget, the amount to be allocated for child benefits (family allowances) would increase by 17 per cent.
You need to use Adobe Reader to read the above PDF format document files. Adobe Reader can be downloaded at
HKIA received the World Travel Awards voted by millions of travel agents worldwide registered with the WTA's website. To the travel industry, the World Travel Awards are the equivalent of the Oscars.
The protection of basic human rights and fundamental freedoms worldwide is a priority in the policy of the Bulgarian Government.
21. States should ensure that all mechanisms, procedures and institutions established to promote and increase the political participation of persons belonging to minorities take into account the specific needs of minority women, as well as other groups within minority communities potentially subjected to intersectional discrimination.
This is the best way, to my way of thinking, to broaden oneself and develop a larger perspective on life.
Agenda item 157: Observer status for the Collective Security Treaty Organization in the General Assembly (A/59/195 and Corr.1 and A/C.6/59/L.4)
Mauritania - Pray that the nation's oil wealth will be wisely used for the benefit of all citizens.
(c) Collection of sex-disaggregated and gender-specific data in relation to all their activities and the systematic utilization of such information when reporting, especially to the Security Council, on the differential impact on women and men of the implementation process;
22 November 2002
12. While noting the State party's commitment during the universal periodic review in November 2010 to establish a national human rights institution in accordance with the Principles relating to the Status of National Institutions (the Paris Principles), the Committee is concerned that such an institution has not yet been established three years later (art. 2).
Outstanding contributions receivable as at 30 June 2013
62. The General Assembly, in paragraph 15 of its resolution 65/303, reiterated its request to the Secretary-General to take the measures necessary to ensure the full implementation of paragraph 8 of resolution 51/233, paragraph 5 of resolution 52/237, paragraph 11 of resolution 53/227, paragraph 14 of resolution 54/267, paragraph 14 of resolution 55/180 A, paragraph 15 of resolution 55/180 B, paragraph 13 of resolution 56/214 A, paragraph 13 of resolution 56/214 B, paragraph 14 of resolution 57/325, paragraph 13 of resolution 58/307, paragraph 13 of resolution 59/307, paragraph 17 of resolution 60/278, paragraph 21 of resolution 61/250 A, paragraph 20 of resolution 61/250 B, paragraph 20 of resolution 61/250 C, paragraph 21 of resolution 62/265, paragraph 19 of resolution 63/298 and paragraph 18 of its resolution 64/282, stressed once again that Israel should pay the amount of $1,117,005 resulting from the incident at Qana on 18 April 1996, and requested the Secretary-General to report on the matter to the General Assembly at its sixty-sixth session.
However, he relied on the "general practice amongst governments" and drew, from the expelling State's refusal to provide explanations to the State of nationality of the alien concerned, the conclusion that the expulsion was arbitrary:
5.1.1 The main objective of the baseline study of an ecological assessment is to provide adequate and accurate ecological baseline information of the proposed development and its vicinity for
21. The place of science and technology within the activities of the United Nations family of organizations has to be seen in the light of programme expenditures.
Keywords Thoracodorsal nerve;Latissimus dorsi flap;Transplantation;
Logistics Support Division
Montferrer
That may be so, but it has done nothing to protect indigenous peoples and their fundamental rights as peoples.
The State party submits no observations on the merits.
(c) Police Advisers (P-4 and P-3);
And are these glitches quite common, as well?
Almost all countries have accessed some international funds for the implementation of specific actions or programmes.
4. Rules of procedure of the Committee.
In this regard, the various stakeholders, including Government Departments, Civil Society Groups and Development Partners have been working together assiduously to accomplish this.
He or she will be responsible for maintaining the systems and applying all required upgrades to keep the systems in harmony with industry standards; develop ad hoc investment reports as required by Investment Officers; customize the user interfaces within the applications standards; support all Investment Management Service users with issues related to business applications; maintain user security policies; and act as second security officer for business applications.
Make the Baldurs Gate icons more Baldurs Gate 2 style, they should really be much more greyish
Algeria, Andorra, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Canada, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chad, Chile, China, Columbia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Malawi, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Yugoslavia, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
3.3 With regard to article 26, the author argues that this provision provides for an autonomous right, and prohibits direct and indirect discrimination.
I can't help grinning at the funny things the child says.
2. In accordance with financial rule 106.8, accounts receivable totalling $1,017 relating to a UNITAR fellow under the Special Purpose Grants Fund were written off during the biennium 2008-2009.
Duration of the Plan was 2000-2002.
" But how do you draw that?
Our study starts to look at how does this really affect the electrical system of the heart, Lampert said.
The Association has seven mobile clinics that operate in rural areas.
(b) Insufficient number of well-trained teaching staff;
The increase relates to increased requirements for general operating expenditures resulting from the increase in rates for service-level agreements, the acquisition of software packages, and replacement of equipment, some of which was acquired in 2005 and has been in operation beyond its useful life.
This course features samples of student work.
AP2010/636/06
Technical experts conduct activities and share information to explore and address essential and difficult monitoring and verification challenges, working to integrate potential approaches for arms control monitoring and transparency.
We are prepared to make you a concession and grant you reasonable discount.
Everyone in the class voted in favour of the party.
88. The analysis carried out by the Office of the Special Adviser of the causes of slow advancement in the improvement of the status of women in the United Nations system revealed that gender imbalance is a multidimensional and systemic problem which requires a systemic and integrated response.
Around  Opium  War Fujian Taiwan coast defense strategy evolution.
the Elimination of All Forms
18. The screening of an activity against the objectives of a Convention will result in the following scores:
Not so, yet, with the yuan.
Katz said the two effects combined could perfectly explain why water that has been heated freezes more quickly than water that has not
Even as a young man, growing up in Vancouver, Canada, he was a risk taker.
In southern Africa, non-contributory pensions for older persons have proved an effective policy response, both to poverty risks and the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Moreover, countries subsidizing the agricultural sector have been declaring that some of their support falls under the kind allowed by the URAA (green or blue box) rather than those which should be reduced (amber box).
2. In addressing the need for access to treatment, care and support in the Declaration of Commitment, Member States were cognizant that several key barriers were hampering the response of many highly affected countries and that the social, cultural, political and economic determinants of HIV transmission were interdependent.
(a) Operational budget for core staffing and recurrent expenses estimated at $502,658 during 1994;
Issues to be considered might include:
Consequently, the financial provisions, as appropriate, would be included in the budget appropriations for the biennium 2014-2015 (see A/69/PV.4).
The Government also wishes a considerable increase in the severity of sentences within the sentencing framework.
Yes, I have got the license from the Bank of China. Here you are.
:: Links to multilateral environmental agreements and global initiatives
Generally speaking, a dimension table should be denormalized and flat, with as many columns as needed.
C. United Nations information centres
The prevention of terrorism requires both operational and structural responses.
It's been cloudy all moring.
The family planning methods were not very well known before 1989.
Globalization shrinks space and time, making the world an ever smaller place.
(b) The current system has proven an inadequate predictor of resources available to countries over the cycle as the growth targets for contributions set by the Governing Council have not been fulfilled.
General Assembly
watch you mouth
On that chance, it's smart to have a certain percentage of assets in gold.
I. Organizational, administrative and other matters This item, which was included in the agenda of the forty-sixth session of the General Assembly, in 1991, had originally been proposed for inclusion in the draft agenda of that session by the President of the Assembly at its forty-fifth session (see decision 45/461).
The Chairman of the Panel of Experts, Ambassador Mahmoud Kassem, introduced the main recommendations contained in the addendum, including the recommendation concerning a moratorium on the importing of certain precious products (coltan, diamonds, gold and timber) from the areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo controlled by foreign forces or held by rebel groups.
Why are the Great Lakes important to Canada?
The lake, near the City city of Provo, is the largest natural body of fesh water freshwater in the Statestate.
Audit fees are the economic link between CPA and auditees.
We express our thanks to the Arab Republic of Egypt and the State of Qatar for their tireless efforts to bring about Palestinian national reconciliation, and we urge them to pursue their efforts on behalf of national reconciliation for the sake of the best interests of the Palestinian people.
19. The framework agreements should be developed into concrete, detailed and specific modalities for the early conclusion of the negotiations that responded to the needs and concerns of the developing countries and were conducted in an inclusive and transparent manner.
There is no earthly reason why I shouldn't as happy with him as any other.
Headquarters, New York
The brothers were entering the chapel, marching in solemn order, their sonorous voices chanting in unison.
Net salaries determined for staff with a primary dependant.
(ii) Add a new measurement of achievement (b) (iii): "the extent to which the activities of the Office of the High Commissioner contributed to strengthening the coordination for human rights across the United Nations system".
Mr Medvedev rebuffed his patron and prime minister.
Claimants can issue and check the progress of their claim on line, enter judgment and apply for a warrant of execution over the Internet.
Luckily, such practices are rare, he says, though relatives commonly come in with a deceased parents’ pet asking for euthanasia, even when the animal is healthy.
Objective : To explore more effective way to observe the hemopoietic cell in post - chemotherapy of acute leukemia.
But, depending on the aftermath of the storm, that could be part of a new emergency-response normal – at least so long as the sting of Katrina remains.
Regional measures:
Social media – the much-lauded catalyst of democratization in authoritarian countries – has exacerbated the trend toward polarization in Thailand, just as it has in other electoral democracies that are struggling with a widening majority-minority divide, like Turkey and Malaysia.
34. The road network of the Cayman Islands, which has suffered extensive damage in recent years owing to the severe hurricane seasons, comprises approximately 785 kilometres of roadways.
Piracy attacks have taken place in certain geographical hotspots, not in the open sea, but in territorial waters, while the ships were at anchor or berthed.
He claims that the High Court refused to admit as evidence either the statements of seven expert witnesses for the defence or the documents submitted by the author himself - none of which evidence, according to the author, may be reviewed in the higher court.
73. The Chairman announced that a recorded vote had been requested.
399. The surge positions approved under general temporary assistance in 2006/07 enabled the Finance Management and Support Service to negotiate in timely fashion with troop-contributing countries deployed to UNIFIL and UNMIT.
36. The Committee requests the State party to include adequate disaggregated statistical data and analysis in its next report so as to provide a full picture of the implementation of all the provisions of the Convention.
International legal framework of the right to an effective remedy 5 - 7 4
Kuomintang chairmanship election, 2005
Occupied area (Jabrayil district, Azerbaijan)
It was committed to shoulder its share of the global responsibility of making the world fit for children.
When the gears are engaged, the crankshaft keeps the car moving.
Flash Airlines Flight 604
:: Hosting, maintenance and service desk support for 70 centrally hosted applications for all field missions and Headquarters, the Secretariat and other United Nations programmes; maintenance and administration of mail routing for 55,000 mailboxes and mail replication for global operations; administration of a 336-terabyte backup operation for disaster recovery and business continuity of field missions, and systems and storage management of 1,132 virtual machines, 247 physical servers and 1,470 terabytes of data storage
You use me right back. lady!
The Special Rapporteur further highlighted that it was important that the Government follow up on its public statements with action.
The latest data from school records suggest that the number of primary-school-aged children not enrolled is down to 77 million, although household surveys reveal that many of those enrolled in school may not be attending regularly, if at all.
Page
Although thought depends on existance, it has its relative independence.
Item 9 of the agenda
21. In order to ensure execution of work tasks on an equal basis with other employees for a person with disabilities, the Law on Professional Rehabilitation and Employment of Persons with Disabilities (2002) regulates manners of ensuring reasonable adaptation of workplaces: adaptation of a workplace and working conditions, compensation of difference due to reduced work efficiency, co-financing of personal assistant costs (helper in work), co-financing of interest on credit funds, co-financing of work therapist costs.
In conformity with the principle of "one country one vote", assessed financial contributions based on the ability to pay should not be used as a tool to put pressure on the Secretariat or to undermine mandates.
He is Zhao Qi , the sixth emperor of Southern Sung Dynasty.
Report submitted by Mr. Abdelfattah Amor, Special Rapporteur on religious intolerance, in accordance with Commission resolution 2000/33
At 1200 hours the helicopter returned to the Iranian interior.
56. The Committee expressed concern at persistent media stereotyping and negative portrayals of ethnic minority women in Switzerland.
 Peace must be nurtured by the leaders and people in the region, together with the active and tangible support and involvement of the international community.
II. Curriculum vitae of candidate
13. Success in achieving the ambitious programme of reform set out by the Secretary-General's blueprint for change and in meeting the expectations of Member States and the world community rests, in no small measure, on the quality of the people who serve the Organization.
20. In accordance with the provisions of this Procedure, and also of the Procedure for State control of international transfers of military goods approved by Decision No. 1807 of the Cabinet of Ministers of 20 November 2003:
Wang Yusuo
 35. Indonesia has had very large capital inflows in the 1990s, mostly private.
Please consult the Ministry of the Interior's organizational chart on the government services' Internet web site.
34. OHCHR continued to support the Forum on Minority Issues.
 Through its engineering unit, UNDP will support the preparation, design and implementation of projects by providing expertise in the appraisal of proposals and the design of facilities (either directly or through sub-contracts with architectural firms).
In the Security Council, along with the other two African members, we approved resolution 1973 (2011).
" Wife: "No, I can't marry anyone after you.
"But with what motive have you learned all this?
shoule we write something to media to bringthe public attention.
The following illustration shows the status and assignments of RCSs in each AP.
76. Areas that need clarification include the mix of skills required, the grade distribution, the process of selection, the desirability of phasing in the capacity and the application of staff mobility (see also paras. 13 and 42 above).
Binding divorce is regulated in the bill on civil marriage which the Chamber of Deputies approved in 1997 and which remains pending before the Senate.
 Recognizing also the need to preserve and enhance the results obtained by means of new and innovative initiatives,
Dedicated personnel should be assigned to manage each subproject;
Prince Charles has enlisted  an  animated amphibian in his campaign to protect the world's rainforests.
We are witnessing a paralysis reflected in our work and in the impossibility of reaching consensus-based positions.
Permanent Representative
Add:
It took part in the 2007 Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kampala and in the Commonwealth People's Forum on realizing people's potential. Lastly, it participated in an Anna Lindh Foundation training programme for youth on human rights education for enhancing intercultural dialogue with young people in Budapest.
Latin American and Caribbean States: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cuba, Guatemala, Guyana, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Saint Lucia, Venezuela
Draft resolution II was adopted (resolution 62/251).
The lion is considered the king of the forest n symbol of courage power.
Statements were made by His Excellency Leo Dion, Deputy Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea; His Excellency Guido Westerwelle, Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs of Germany; His Excellency Titus Corlăţean, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Romania; His Excellency Vladimir Makei, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Belarus; His Excellency Rui Machete, Minister of State and Foreign Affairs of Portugal; His Excellency Nabil Fahmy, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Egypt; His Excellency Erlan Abdyldayev, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan; and His Excellency Elmar Maharram oglu Mammadyarov, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan.
If we indulge ourselves we will meet more terrible suffering in our later life.
Croatia was constantly endeavouring to improve its creditworthiness, trade balance and investment climate.
A similar plan is the "Plan Llegó Maita", which enables the mothers of detainees to participate in conflict resolution in prisons and have access to national care facilities.
The working group discussed the possibility that, as had been the case with other human rights, State responsibility for the realization of the right to development could be examined at three levels: the obligations to respect, to protect and to fulfil.
1. Decides to establish an Open-ended Working Group to consider all aspects of the question of increase in the membership of the Security Council, and other matters related to the Security Council;
Corrigendum
16. The proposed texts of articles 3, 4 and 5 are acceptable.
9. Calls upon Member States, specialized agencies and intergovernmental organizations to continue to carry out a constructive dialogue and consultations for the enhancement of understanding and the promotion and protection of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, and encourages non-governmental organizations to contribute actively to this endeavour;
As a teenager, I fully understand all of these pressures that are put upon us.
A. Gender Issues
4- . In solidarity with Indigenous Peoples and in recognition of Indigenous Rights, the following Forums were attended together with Indigenous from Mexico, Bolivia & Peru...
The effect of traditional therapy is limited for liver cancer, gene therapy recognition in recent years.
The above were some of the findings which prompted a suggestion by the assessors that a comprehensive national health sector strategic plan be developed to provide a framework for improvement of health services in the country.
2. When requesting clarification or information, the Secretary-General shall indicate an appropriate time limit to the author of the communication with a view to avoiding undue delays in the procedure under the Optional Protocol.
b Employment rate - ratio of the employed population to the working age and elderly population.
The First Committee will hold its first organizational meeting on Thursday, 30 September 2004, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2, to consider its tentative programme of work and timetable (A/C.1/59/CRP.1).
Colombia, Israel, Peru, Romania, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
Argentina
73. The estimated resource requirements for training for the period from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012 are as follows:
At present, the draft of bankruptcy law of our country passes the second review. It sets up one chapter and stipulates bankruptcy reorganization system.
Now the tide appears to be turning.
" that is, " My God, My God, why have You forsaken Me?"
Special-purpose funds are earmarked voluntary contributions, which are used to finance UNODC technical cooperation and other substantive activities at headquarters (Vienna) and in the field.
The Inter-American Convention on the Prevention, Punishment and Eradication of Violence against Women (Belém do Pará) and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women were also ratified, and the Adoption Act, the Domestic Violence Act, the Code on Children and Adolescents and the Agrarian Statute were promulgated.
According to the press, in the first half of the current Iranian year only 40,000 new jobs were created.
Failure to resolve the Cyprus problem is a potentially serious threat to good relations between NATO, Turkey, and the EU.
In that regard, he referred to the MDG project report which mentioned that the MDG-based strategies in landlocked developing countries should focus on the recommendations included in the Roadmap for implementing the Almaty Programme of Action.
1. Takes note of the report of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (E/CN.4/2000/2-E/CN.4/Sub.2/1999/54) and of the report of the Working Group on its seventeenth session (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1999/19);
The outcome document has given an impulse to the development of a strong counter-terrorism agenda.
The following indicators have not been considered in the analysis because they are used only at the aggregate level (no country data):
5. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116] (A/52/6 (Vol. II), A/52/16 and Add.1 and A/52/7 (Chapter II, Part VI-XII, and Income section)
Along with the international community, the United States encouraged the Government of Saudi Arabia to revise its educational system to promote tolerance toward all religions and religious groups.
Launch of universal periodic review initiatives and training for members of the Interministerial Commission for the Preparation of Initial and Periodic Reports, staff of ministerial departments, members of Parliament, and representatives of national human rights institutions and civil society organizations, as well as other representatives of Togolese society
III. Structure of Conference
(ii) A position paper was submitted to FAO on the FAO Special Programme on Food Production in Support of Food Security in Low-Income, Food Deficit Countries (LIFDCs) in November 1994, on the eve of the launching of this programme;
Eventually there were ten such funds with around 2000 accounts countrywide. The funds worked like mini-banks in which women could deposit their savings and obtain credits.
Please furnish us with your own samples of Rayon Handkerchiefs closest in designs and quality to those we enclose here.
Despite the economic and financial crisis that significantly strains the domestic resources of many donor countries, there are at least six major factors that create an enabling environment for UN-Women to vastly scale up the results of resource mobilization efforts.
Limnonectes larvaepartus
(d) Ensure that the United Nations does not establish or directly participate in any tribunal for which capital punishment is included among possible sanctions;
Click on the lower left button to begin the game.
(b) Uptake of the unique opportunities of Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) reform and rapidly emerging EU biofuel markets;
BC
17. The economy of Hong Kong SAR grew by 8.6 per cent and 7.3 per cent in 2004 and 2005, respectively.
Parties, however, continued to maintain different views with regard to the issue of scope, among other issues.
4 Agence France Presse, 10 April 1999.
Have your result change after changed the teaching mode?
The Assembly, in its resolution 67/189, and the Conference, in its resolution 6/1, underlined the need for the urgent adoption of a mechanism for the review of implementation of the Convention and the Protocols thereto, aimed at assisting States parties in the implementation of the Convention and the Protocols thereto, and urged Member States to continue to be actively engaged in that endeavour, on the basis of the work already accomplished by the open-ended intergovernmental working group on the review of the implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto.
We mustn't go about our work blindly.
The cables are designed not to stretch.
Table 4.1 Structure of intermediate education
829. Amnesty International noted that, although two draft laws establishing a national reparations programme and a public memory institute had been submitted to Parliament in 2010, the debate thereon had been delayed.
13. The Council invites the mandate holder to assist the Government of Haiti in acting upon the recommendations made in the course of the universal periodic review.
III. Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
Shenzhen Benwell Machinery Co. Ltd. was established in 1997, devoting to the development and production of Screw rod type air compressor.
At its 48th plenary meeting, on 26 July 2013, the Economic and Social Council took note of the appointment by the Secretary-General of the following 25 experts to the Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters for a four-year term expiring on 30 June 2017: Khalid Abdulrahman Almuftah (Qatar), Mohammed Amine Baina (Morocco), Bernadette May Evelyn Butler (Bahamas), Andrew Dawson (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), El Hadji Ibrahima Diop (Senegal), Johan Cornelius de la Rey (South Africa), Noor Azian Abdul Hamid (Malaysia), Liselott Kana (Chile), Toshiyuki Kemmochi (Japan), Cezary Krysiak (Poland), Armando Lara Yaffar (Mexico), Wolfgang Karl Albert Lasars (Germany), Tizhong Liao (China), Henry John Louie (United States of America), Enrico Martino (Italy), Eric Nii Yarboi Mensah (Ghana), Ignatius Kawaza Mvula (Zambia), Carmel Peters (New Zealand), Jorge Antonio Deher Rachid (Brazil), Satit Rungkasiri (Thailand), Pragya S. Saksena (India), Christoph Schelling (Switzerland), Stig B. Sollund (Norway), Ingela Willfors (Sweden) and Ulvi Yusifov (Azerbaijan).
Methods Performed bronchoalveolar lavage with bronchofibroscope in 105 patients suffered from refractory lower respiratory tract infection.
It sells annuities to teachers in West Virginia, liability insurance to the biggest American corporations, workers' compensation coverage to restaurants and policies covering cows in dusty Jhalawar, India.
Some suggestions focused on the need for UNEP to have a country presence on a temporary basis as required or through UNDP representation.
Report of the Board for the financial period ended 31 December 2007
26 November 2010
Representatives of relevant ministries of SCO member countries participated in the meeting.
Indicators of achievement
(a) Lázaro González Valdés, deputy delegate and member of the Concilio Cubano national secretariat, was arrested on 15 February 1996 and taken to the 100 y Aldabó Technical Department of Investigations detention centre.
Furthermore, use of the term "worded" highlights the fact that this is a requirement of substance and not merely one of form.
He identified three categories of children affected by migration: children "left behind", children "on the move", and migrant children in host countries.
Provides annual reports to the Advisory Committee on activities of the PEC.
The Acting President: I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Hussein Elabe Fahiye, Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of the Somali Republic.
for the evening reading before prayers , he selected the twenty - first chapter of revelation.
14. On 17 and 18 October, two explosions occurred in the area between Houla and Meiss el-Jebel.
He has got two relatively convincing reasons.
The degree to which native code compilation affects application performance varies with the application, of course.
(developmental study): Maternal NOAEL = 0.1 mg/kg bw/day (reduced bodyweight gain)
7h 12min 11h 4min 7h 53min Non-member States represented by observers
Pair with red meats, game strong cheeses.
35. In conclusion, the Director Emeritus exhorted participants to increase their efforts to stimulate political action on non-communicable diseases.
Atlántida, Uruguay
The aim of this effort is to have up-to-date information available for the selection of operational partners, and to facilitate complex programming where several cooperating agencies are involved.
The experimental health unit was not a unit for socio-educational measures nor was it foreseen in the ECA.
The amount of $81.2 million from the current performance period has been rolled over into the 2008/09 fund balance.
To facilitate this, the judges amended the Rules in order to allow for motions to be considered solely on written pleadings and also by a single judge.
Taking note of the working paper prepared by the Secretariat on Bermuda and other relevant information,
(a) At the end of operative paragraph 9, the words "and its Protocols thereto, as well as the United Nations Convention against Corruption" were inserted;
But it makes a lot of young people infatuated with the frenzied state of consciousness unclear fun and forget everything.
These actions came to nothing.
The purpose of the note was to provide an assessment of the extent to which assistance to Myanmar continued to meet the provisions of Governing Council decision 93/21 and Executive Board decision 96/1.
(b)
The number of institutions hosting the UNCCD baseline data.
More than 95,000 coeducational materials were published on the subject of prevention of violence against women and, as in the case of the third Plan on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men, training courses were offered for professionals of both sexes who play a decisive role in educational and other services to victims of violence, both in connection with the prevention of the causes of gender violence and the improvement of legal, social and health services for victims.
98.20. Continue implementing programmes aimed at guaranteeing quality education to all the population, with an emphasis on access, school enrolment and decreasing school drop outs (Cuba);
We in the Sultanate are deeply touched and saddened by the great loss of life and the damage done to infrastructure by the floods.
It should explicitly convene and foster multi-stakeholder partnerships and global policy networks, reaching to constituencies beyond Member States and being sure to maintain a fair North-South balance.
To further improve transparency, the JISC webcasts its meetings and its question-and-answer sessions, to the extent possible.19
As a consequence, families did not enjoy an enabling environment and children lacked the necessary education and follow-up provided by the parents, who had to abandon them in the streets or lock them at home while working, or were themselves forced to work from an early age.
Fed States of Micronesia
Office of the Force Commander
Conclusion That the infected wound in maxillofacial areas dealed with special debridement primary healing ways.
See decision 2013/213.
Money makes the world run, so love and marriage bow their heads to it. What a lamentable age!
57. In the area of training and health, the Columbia University International Family AIDS Programme, the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative and the Ministry of Health of the Dominican Republic established a training, education and technical assistance programme for Dominican health-care providers caring for HIV-infected children and adults.
:: Concerned to combat the impunity of those who commit human rights violations, it will continue its efforts to promote international criminal justice and the role of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
It has been identified as one on which progress needs to and could be made.
:: Organize meetings for the members of the Forum.
These judges were noted for their independence.
The ONS figures also showed that by last year a third of couples who wed in 1995 had divorced.
High Commissioner for Refugees
It has to make sense for the companies, but we think we have something to offer in terms of price,' said Rainer Riess, managing director of Deutsche Boerse's business development. 'We want to be a real alternative.
Summary
69. The struggle against human trafficking is a fundamental, high-priority issue for the Government of Armenia.
Peacekeeping special account fund summaries: income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances (statement I), assets, liabilities and reserves and fund balances (statement II) and cash flow (statement III)
Tell me where did U sleep last night.
19. The Committee considered the report on the topic,5 which had been prepared by UNESCO.
Further priority areas of Council of Europe action in the fight against terrorism complement and advance the efforts of the United Nations. Preventing the financing of terrorism is one important example.
Hey. missed you at lunch today.
Some of the shafts drop down 100 metres to gold seams, where ore is extracted and then lifted to the surface in baskets on ropes (see annexes 2 and 3).
Interest rate risk
You don't deserve to be an author without your own style!
That same night, Javert wrote a letter.
(a) Strengthening the role of the Economic and Social Council through its annual ministerial-level substantive reviews to monitor progress in implementing the international development goals agreed upon at the major United Nations conferences and summits, including the Millennium Development Goals, to promote policy coherence among the development activities of different development partners and to strengthen the links between the normative and operational work of the United Nations through the Development Cooperation Forum;
Law No. 2003/3 On Forests in Kosovo to protect Kosovo forests, in the light of which the use and distribution of pesticides and the circulation and commerce of live poultry were later regulated
 The present debate in the highest organ of the United Nations is one such remarkable manifestation.
2. In its conclusions on the last report on the subject,1 the Committee for Programme and Coordination recommended that future reports should be more analytical, evaluate whether the evaluation function was being effectively carried out in the Secretariat and consider how it might be improved, in particular to strengthen the role of the evaluation in programme design, delivery and policy directives.
In return, UNCTAD benefits from the bodies' special expertise on individual commodities.
"Trust is still extremely important for the 20-somethings - they wouldn't work through any infidelities, they'd walk away," Brengle said.
China
The outcome of the work of the subsidiary bodies will be reflected in the reports of the respective Main Committees to the Conference.
The complainant had not claimed to have engaged in activities going beyond those or to have occupied a leadership position in the organization.
Information with respect to the efficiency gains is provided in paragraph 57 of the proposed budget for 2011/12.
A lawsuit or a merger or a shift to a new office space might seem like a good idea at the time--but be careful what you wish for.
Oh, hold me like a baby
f. Photo coverage of the activities of the Secretary-General and the Deputy Secretary-General at Headquarters and in the field for distribution to news organizations, Member State delegations and posting on various United Nations web pages; photo coverage of General Assembly, Security Council and Economic and Social Council plenary meetings, summits, high-level conferences, media events, special events, portraits and group photos; photo coverage of the activities at Headquarters of the President of the General Assembly (2);
Armenian goddesses
Concerning the last of those headings, more efforts are being made within the United Nations system to develop databases to disseminate information with increased accuracy, quantity and speed.
Acient hostile action journey, the more close, the more shocking truth!
46.I comfort myself like this: although I am in the lowest place, seeing nowflowers blossoming, I can always witness the romance when the petals fall downand fly in the wind
The Government of the Sudan reaffirms that it does not promulgate or apply any laws or measures that could, by being applied outside its own national borders, affect the sovereignty of any State.
A barking dog is better than a sleeping lion.
Letter dated 5 May 1999 from the Permanent Representatives of Azerbaijan, Georgia, the Republic of Moldova, Ukraine and Uzbekistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/54/94-S/1999/518)
It is also vital that UNICEF be closely involved in the process of identifying children in armed groups and facilitating their release and reintegration.
' she asked in low tones.
The duplicate payments of $266,000 to two vendors and an erroneous payment of $2.3 million to another contractor were fully recovered.
The total fund balances and reserves at 31 December 2011, reported under United Nations system accounting standards, showed an overall deficit of $161.4 million.
I. Introduction
Members of OHCHR, the World Health Organization, the Advisory Committee and other relevant United Nations bodies and agencies will participate in the panel discussion.
Fusion reactors
The services of the interregional advisers should be mainly directed towards the provision of technical assistance to Member States.
The image resolution in Z - axis and time axis is improved.
The public sector in developing countries is still smarting from the experience and cautious of new initiatives in that direction.
18.28 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) a consensus can be achieved among the various interested parties in the updating of existing legal instruments and in the development of new ones; (b) legal instruments are ratified or acceded to; (c) Governments and parliaments decide to establish, implement and enforce related national legislation; (d) Governments encourage the extension of networks and the facilitation of border crossings; (e) sufficient resources are available to implement legal instruments and to finance infrastructure projects and other technical cooperation activities in countries with economies in transition.
Nick, Describe to me an outfit that maybe she has Changed into that you wouldn't have approved.
Second regular session of 2013
The estate tax had been phased out from 2001 until 2010, with the rate decreasing and the exemption rising each year.
For instance, me and my sister, when we were little, we would compete to see who could eat the most squirrel brains.
Several days later Ellen learned to her satisfaction that she had now been admitted into the true Catholic Church, and that in a few days the Pope himself would hear of her case, and send her a document of some sort.
Furthermore, it breaches the United Nations standards of conduct of international civil servants, and we believe this should be sanctioned.
That strange, gut-wrenching feeling you have is not the sushi you had for lunch.
Applicants under the age of 30 receive free airfare to study in Thailand.
In order to respond to urgent needs and to help local authorities to deliver a minimum level of functioning local governance, MINUSTAH supported 166 quick-impact projects ($2.02 million), including 92 to rehabilitate public buildings essential for the functioning of local government.
The two sides agreed that China-Japan relations are one of the most important bilateral relations for both countries.
United Nations Postal Administration
* A/56/150.
The Department of Management has not provided written comments on this recommendation, but it advised that it had no objection to the adoption by the Joint Appeals Board secretariats of a standardized electronic system for tracking deadlines and actual data in the appeals process.
A "trade off" decision has to be made between many desirable and undesirable results that flow from each of the decision options.
Costa Volpino
Moderate Conflicting considerations among budget, preservation, sustainability and security may compromise outcome
The Intelligence Agency cooperates with their counterparts in other countries and shares relevant information on possible terrorist activities.
Investment issues
For this reason, our delegations regrettably feel obligated to place this reservation on record.
3. Each State Party shall endeavour to evaluate periodically existing relevant legal instruments and administrative measures with a view to determining their adequacy to fight corruption.
A new study in the United States says mental disorders appear to be common in college-age adults, but most do not seek treatment.
Constructs the school until now, the central fine arts institute continuously plunges into the thick of life in the emphasis, and initiates the social practice class positively (1).
For example, since the crisis significant reforms have been made to the regulatory structure of the international financial system through Basel III and recommendations of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, with important implications for global financial market stability as well as access to credit crucial for sustainable development.
With membership of the World Bank, UN-HABITAT and 12 bilateral agencies, the Cities Alliance is a facility for coordinating development cooperation and investment in the areas of slum upgrading and city development.
Item 5
You could set yourself a time limit or aim for a certain level of proficiency.
The traveller on foot, on the other hand, lives constantly in the present.
The United Nations has developed a number of training programmes and materials for rule of law experts in various fields.
405. In the past and during the year under review, the Working Group has transmitted 83 cases to the Government; of those, 4 cases have been clarified on the basis of information provided by the source, 4 cases have been clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 75 cases remain outstanding.
If you do not drive carefully, I shall be obliged to deprive you of your licence.
In China, it is legal to spank children, but in some western countries, it is not.
Objectives: To support the implementation of international human rights norms at the national level and to support treaty bodies in their efforts to facilitate the enjoyment of human rights by individuals at the national level.
Blue Plan Medstat project -- http://www.planbleu.org/
The "China Daily" reports Monday that China aims to store about 30 days worth of oil imports by 2010.
It was noted, in this connection, that there was a disparity in the resources available for post-conference implementation compared to those mobilized for pre-conference preparation and participation.
Turning to the important area of helping developing countries in the field of competition laws and policies, he informed participants that the Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Competition Law and Policy would examine at its next session a study on the role of possible dispute mediation mechanisms and alternative arrangements, including voluntary peer reviews.
Code four, NS-5 is in custody. NS-5 in custody.
Morocco also congratulated Cameroon on having accepted the majority of recommendations made, especially the one related to difficulties encountered in the reform of the penal code.
Case Carlos Diaz, 711/1996
UNCDF-controlled funds
Swedish music industry
 The UNDP Human Development Report 1992 and UNICEF's 1993 State of the World's Children report indicate that less than 10 per cent of bilateral aid is allocated to such purposes.
Well try it once .
29 January 1990
His first work was helping his father, both on the farm and with carpentry and farm-labor jobs among the neighbors.
There is no smoking , drinking, and eating ( including chewing gum ), in the test room.
 The latest resolutions of the Security Council, including resolutions 958 (1994) and 959 (1994), have confirmed the seriousness of the intentions of the world community, which will not accept senseless bloodshed.
frame an oil painting frontier n.  frontier incidents ]border frown at sb. frown on/upon There was a deep frown on his forehead.
Babies, in particular, are ultimate learning sponges because they start out with a clean slate.
The secondary air booster is an air compressor which adopts a direct current motor as the power.
That resolution was fundamental to any discussion of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East.
Asia and the Pacific
7. The Chairman announced that Benin, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, New Zealand, Poland and Samoa also wished to join the sponsors of the draft resolution.
116. Admission of new Members to the United Nations.
Think of it like trying to create a new television network, says Mr Lanzone: the power of the three biggest US networks did not stop Fox or Warner Bros entering the business.
Ground transportation
Table 2
According to the POEA, those who cannot appear at designated voting places due to being under long-term inhabitancy in hospitals or rest homes, or due to severe disabilities, are permitted to vote at the said facilities or residence.
(d) "Space situational awareness sharing agreements with governments and intergovernmental entities", by the representative of the United States;
Chennegy
 (a) Allocate not more than three days to its general debate (instead of five as at present), thus paving the way for shorter sessions;
domestic car I prefer domestic cars over imported cars.
Let me take care of that for you.
In each of the first carts sat six invalid criminal convicts close packed.
Regal Princess
This means looking over a passage quickly before you begin to read it more carefully
However, land tenure is just one factor.
But for consumer products manufacturers, such as Haier and Hisense, which are still trying to expand their global footprint, acquisitions may still be on the cards.
Most importantly, all of the plan’s stakeholders then need to support Annan, publicly and privately.
Liaoning University of Petroleum and Chemical Technology
proclaim [prE5kleim] proclaim a public holiday reclaim [ri5kleim] reclaim tax reclaim lost property Reclaim glass from old bottles.
As we cross the halfway mark towards 2015, substantial progress has been made at the global level towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Do you expect me to give my whole life up to geological prospecting?
God didn't send Jesus to give you religion.
Communications to the Editor
Note by the Secretary-General
Mr. MALOV (Russian Federation) said that, while no one could doubt the need to alleviate the sufferings of the civilian population in territories where military conflicts were taking place, it was necessary to bear in mind that the issue of mines other than anti-personnel mines was one that had direct military, political and financial implications for States' defence capabilities.
The Service, as a central repository and clearing house for information, will be responsible for the collection, analysis and dissemination of mine-related information, including information on technology.
The Board took note of the presentation by the Executive Director.
The UNEP Global Programme of Action Coordination Office depends on donor funding to develop and implement the activities outlined above.
INTER-ORGANIZATIONAL COOPERATION
Why would  you play hide - and - seek with someone you know is a flight risk?
No sweeping and dusting, only good fire and dry sheets were necessary.
. Further studies will need to be conducted into the feasibility and cost effectiveness of some of these measures.
Adherence to such a principle would ensure that the resources of the Area are exploited for the benefit of all members of the international community, and not just for the benefit of those with the financial wherewithal and the technical know-how.
49. For the International Year of Mountains in 2002, 78 national committees or similar mechanisms were established, and many have evolved into permanent bodies to help develop and implement sustainable development strategies for mountain areas.
:: Information exchange - soils, climate and conservation agriculture.
I'd like to give thanks for a healthy year, a good job, , and for meeting Harry and Michelle
All that was recently acknowledged by President Carlos Mauricio Funes Cartagena during the general debate at the sixty-fourth session of the General Assembly, where he said that
A: So what kind of job are you looking for
The weak US economy has slowed China’s exports somewhat but has not been a heavy drag on demand.
Urovene Cove
61. While recalling the international commitments of the Islamic Republic of Iran, the European Union condemned its systematic human rights violations, such as the extended use of capital punishment, including against juvenile offenders, the growing use of collective and public execution and such cruel and unusual punishments as stoning, flogging and amputation.
I trust him completely and we share secrets all the time.
Invalid drive in search path.
39. Fjölsmiðjan, which is the product of this work, was established in March 2001 by the Ministry of Social Affairs, the Directorate of Labour, the Icelandic Red Cross, the City of Reykjavík and other local authorities, and the Ministry of Education.
The Convention's strong provisions on clearance, coupled with international cooperation and assistance, will facilitate intensified efforts to remove cluster munition remnants.
Such a misconception would encourage nuclear proliferation and defeat the Treaty's goal of achieving a nuclear-weapon-free world.
21. It was so decided.
This year, it's a triple - strand necklace with amber - colored citrine.
It is appropriate that the Department of Economic and Social Affairs be designated as the overall coordinator (but not programme manager) for the regular programme of technical cooperation, on the virtue of its role as a key user of the regular programme and its working proximity to the central financial and governance functions located in New York.
Senior Humanitarian and Development Coordination Officer
In the world today, the expansion of economic globalization, rapid progress of science and technology, and the faster flow of productive factors and industrial transfer have contributed to closer trade, investment and commercial links among states.
Hazrat Sultan Mosque
35. Ms. Saiga asked for clarification with regard to property rights upon the dissolution of marriage.
The camera could define the smallest object.
Neighbors and preservationists felt that building homes above the world-famous sign would ruin the view and rob the public of access to the peak.
There are also no serious disparities between the sexes in preschool enrolment; the enrolment ratio for girls aged 3 to 6 is 73.8 per cent, while for boys it is 74.9 per cent.
The Dahirs of 30 May 1921 and that of 3 September 1955 set out the conditions for the grant of licences to bear arms.
Historically, area was an important center of worship for the Maya.
Implementation of the principle of land for peace, the road map and the Arab Peace Initiative would bring a just and lasting peace and a settlement of the conflict.
Every effort is made within the various offices of the Secretariat to reach an amicable settlement of claims and disputes, which can and do arise in normal commercial relationships. A/54/458
Come near the fire and have a warm.
Comprehensive is a term of Machiavellians and schoolmasters.
Oman
It was noted that, while the arbitral tribunal was expressly authorized to resolve any controversy regarding the sufficiency of the notice of arbitration under draft article 3, paragraph (5), no corresponding provision could be found in relation to controversy regarding the response to the notice of arbitration in draft article 4, paragraph (3).
Several participants praised the draft for its conciseness.
China will be even more open to the world.
Lastly, as a result of the streamlining of the organizational structure of the Section, it is proposed that seven existing posts, one Office Assistant, one Transport Assistant, one Duty Technician, one Heavy Vehicle Driver, one Maintenance Worker, one Driver and one Inventory and Supply Clerk (national General Service) be abolished.
89. Mr. Belinga-Eboutou (Cameroon), Chairman, resumed the Chair.
13. Several official international institutions have expressed interest in supporting the FfD process.
Decisions on competence
Tuesday, 9 February 1999
The suggestion was made that the draft paragraph should provide for the possibility to withdraw only the part of the declaration where the error had been made, if the information system so allowed.
And the tree loved the boy.
Corrigendum
It challenged assertions that the government was doing enough to combat alleged racial discrimination in the detention of African - Americans and other minorities.
The authorities are worried that a ratings downgrade might cause a downward spiral, making it more difficult to rescue an embattled sovereign.
In conclusion, we would like to reaffirm once again our strong commitment to the Millennium Development Goals and to the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
USS Iowa
Final clauses
The Committee recommends, in addition, that the State party seek international cooperation in this domain, including for the provision of psycho-social assistance for addicts.
In addition, it had reviewed the audit coverage by the OIOS of peacekeeping operations to assess the extent to which reliance could be placed on its work.
From that point, position yourself as problem solver.
Your selection should reflect your charm and coolness. The fragrance to suit your qualities is Elizabeth Arden.
on, above, over, below, under (A) on  There is a book on the desk
" Bob Dylan also had "Your eyes said more to me that night than your lips would ever say.
When a satellite crashes in New Mexico, the Air Force sends two men to reach it.
However, where the figures in the schedules prescribed by the insurance act differed from those in the financial statements that are prepared in accordance with IFRS, then companies were to prepare appropriate reconciliations which were to be certified by the auditor.
36. Policy and Monitoring aims to enhance performance by improving review mechanisms in a variety of areas.
While I do not oppose the adoption of the Views by the Human Rights Committee in the present case, I would like to express my concern about the danger that the French legislation in question, the Gayssot Act, might entail.
Under the proposals put forward by the Permanent Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands (Housing), Mr Leung Chin-man, operational responsibilities will be de-layered, workflow streamlined and efficiency improved, thus enabling the Department to respond to service demands more effectively.
Fifth Committee
In line with the recommendations of an informal meeting held by the developed country Parties in Recife on the issue of the preparation of their reports, the secretariat prepared a note to assist countries in drawing up their future reports on Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, as well as on the northern Mediterranean and other affected countries, for submission to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session, held in Bonn, Germany, in 2000.
"The Council reaffirms that continued fighting against the legitimate transitional government set up pursuant to an inclusive peace agreement is totally unjustifiable and unacceptable, and threatens the implementation of the peace process.
  Article 11 In the export of guided missiles and related items and technologies, the registered business operator must rigidly abide by the relevant laws, regulations and ministerial rules of the state concerning export control, and shall voluntarily accept the administration of the MOFTEC.
The four days of fighting in late December at Podujevo led to the flight from the suburbs and surrounding villages of an estimated 5,000 people.
All that no one of the water, boil hot Cui urgent by the cold, slow of chestnut death.
(a) At the time of appointment, each staff member shall nominate a beneficiary or beneficiaries in writing in a form prescribed by the Secretary-General.
The Inspectors consider this as a fundamental flaw in the conception of UN-Oceans.
The set of block printing books are of considerable collector's value.
As you can imagine, when the New Zealand government blew the whistle in Beijing, a very heavy hand then descended on the local authorities,' she told Radio New Zealand.
This is conditional upon the official formation of the full 30,000-strong army and the commencement of all required training courses before the October elections.
I like eating chicken and my favorite star is BOBO group.
The United Nations is a unique mechanism for the harmonization of interests of various countries and the main international forum for adopting coordinated decisions on development issues.
Therefore the accurate assessment of the credit risk of STCP is on imminent.
If the goal of social development is to improve living conditions for all people, the global community has a long way to go.
30. Include one portable X-ray machine in the major equipment list for level II hospitals
It may also presuppose at least a temporary settlement of the main regional conflicts.
The Committee observes that, by making the declaration provided for in article 22 extending to individual complainants the right to complain to the Committee alleging a breach of a State party's obligations under the Convention, a State party assumes an obligation to cooperate fully with the Committee, through the procedures set forth in article 22 and in the Committee's rules of procedure.
Article 2.Where an imported product is dumped into the market of the People's Republic of China and causes material injury or threat of material injury to an established domestic industry, or causes material obstruction to the establishment of such an industry, an anti-dumping investigation shall be initiated and anti-dumping measures applied in accordance with the provisions of these Regulations.
No list of speakers will be established.
Come, accept my invitation, and my mother will thank you.
Global Environment Facility
He or she will provide technical advice to the Abyei Joint Oversight Committee, which has the role of supervising and promoting security and stability, and providing guidance on the capacity-building and strengthening of the Abyei Police Service.
But the Alzheimer's Association cautioned that while interesting, the study is too small to draw firm conclusions or change medical practice.
D. Outcome 4
Un Certain Regard
Croatia made recommendations.
including new priorities 30 - 31 7
We hope that these conferences will contribute to a greater understanding of the development problems of the developing countries, help evolve a global consensus and mobilize adequate resources to address them effectively.
Taxonomy/Passerea
The provisions regulating the stage of negotiations reflect the main elements of 1994 article 44, with the following modifications:
 The trial of four Lebanese and an Iranian is proceeding.
The camp at Mpati alone shelters 2,585 families from Bibwe and the surrounding area (see annex 83).
And yet, despite Illidan's efforts to seal Ner'zhul's portals, Kil'jaeden's wrath will not be denied.
Partnership is the key ingredient to finding a common way forward on climate change.
(f) Assisting Member States, in particular developing countries, at their request, in capacity-building and the holding of disarmament conferences, seminars and workshops by providing substantive support on a non-discriminatory basis.
UNICEF
These terms were considered more attractive and easier to meet than the initial terms for those loans.
(c) Provide other States with guides or manuals on how to make requests for mutual legal assistance;
W: Jack, what are you going to do during the summer vacationM: I'll probably go home for most of the summer, but I know I'll come back a few days before school begins.Q: How will Jack spend his summer vacation3. M: Have you made a choice between the chicken and the fishW: Oh,the fish, I guess
(c) The inclusion in the school curricula of human rights and humanitarian principles, including in areas relevant to the realization of the rights of the child;
Don't drink and drive.
(c) Possesses the financial and technical capability to carry out the proposed plan of work for exploration.
Michael Treanor, AMZ's chief executive, said the company controlled the only land in the area that had already been reassigned for commercial development
I think that Mary a good teacher and John a good student.
Government has acceded to the affirmative action to promote gender equality and the advancement of women.
The Court pointed out that benefit for the half-orphans had been refused not because the child had been born out of wedlock, but because the AWW did not provide for entitlement to benefit for half-orphans.
WHO, Executive Board, one hundred twenty-fifth session
The Acting President: The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 160.
80. The Non-Proliferation Treaty was fundamental to non-proliferation and to disarmament, and States parties had made commitments to each other in their own vital interests, both national and collective. Those interests could be advanced by completing the work in progress, including reinforcement of the norm established under the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, adoption of the Additional Protocol to the IAEA Safeguards Agreements, launching negotiations of a fissile material cut-off treaty and encouraging States that were not parties to accede to the Treaty.
Thermal - analysis and thermal design are important parts in adrift braking wheel assembly designing.
1. A State intending to terminate or withdraw from a treaty to which it is a Party, or to suspend the operation of that treaty, as a consequence of an armed conflict shall notify the other State Party or States Parties to the treaty, or its depositary, of such intention.
The new proposed algorithm continuously updates the estimated noise by weighted noisy speech with a time-varying frequency-dependent smoothing factor.
I call upon the Government of Iraq to fulfil all its outstanding obligations under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations without further delay.
In the registered capital of an equity joint venture, the proportion of the investment contributed by the foreign parties shall in general not be less than 25 percent.
8. Regarding the transparency of financial products and services:
While acknowledging its limitations, the UN, which represents near universal membership and a well-founded international legitimacy, and through it, multilateralism, remains the central multilateral forum for addressing the pressing global issues and challenges presently confronting all States.
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
Venice's success as a trading power was based on the galley,a type of ship that used both sails and oars for power.
In fact, other donor resources expenditures in the Arab States, exclusive of Iraq, increased slightly from 2003 to 2004.
(d) What are your Government's intentions regarding signing and/or ratifying the conventions, protocols and resolutions referred to in this subparagraph?
Follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development and
Most, if not all, of the conflicts which ravage the world today involve children as combatants and victims in violation of the basic laws of human rights and humanity.
Article 5 The lawful civil rights and interests of citizens and legal persons shall be protected by law; no organization or individual may infringe upon them.
Page
The organization and political mobilization of indigenous and tribal peoples in these countries is equally varied.
28. Also at the 50th meeting, on 21 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/69/L.32, as orally revised (see para. 36, draft resolution III).
At the 12th meeting, on the same day, Mr. Abdelfattah Amor, Chairperson of the Human Rights Committee, made a statement.
12. The United Nations, in particular the new composite gender equality entity and the regional commissions, has a critical role to play in the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women.
The total staffing level would increase from a total of 279 posts (170 Professional and above, and 109 General Service and other posts) to a total of 302 posts (189 Professional and above posts, and 113 General Service and other posts).
102. In the sub-office in Zalingei, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration activities will be carried out by two Associate Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Officers (P-2), two Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Officers (international United Nations Volunteers), an Office Assistant (national General Service staff), a Language Assistant (national General Service staff) and a Driver (national General Service staff).
Deposited on 16 October 2001
Note by the Secretary-General
"Yes; he placed the money in my hands at four and a half per cent nearly five years ago.
Ninth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, Bonn, Germany, May;
Consequently, the matter will be reported to the Assembly in accordance with rule 153 of its rules of procedure, as soon as specific decisions on the modalities are determined (ibid., para. 24).
 Even with UNPROFOR support, grave difficulties are foreseen for the humanitarian assistance programme unless progress is made towards a peaceful settlement of the conflict.
It thus recommended that fighting terrorism be done within the confines of the rule of law and that communities affected by terrorism not become victims of the fight against terrorism.
It is news that will undoubtedly be met with great scepticism by the fairer sex.
Serbs in Kosovo and Belgrade may try to exaggerate the level of violence and categorize it as ethnically motivated when many incidents are in reality criminal in nature or remain unsolved.
In taking such decisions under subparagraph 9(a)(iii), the Parties shall reach agreement by consensus only; "
6. Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Robusta coffee
43. Thus, State parties with legalized prostitution industries have a heavy responsibility to ensure that the conditions which actually pertain to the practice of prostitution within their borders are free from the illicit means delineated in subparagraph (a) of the Protocol definition, so as to ensure that their legalized prostitution regimes are not simply perpetuating widespread and systematic trafficking.
16. In order to facilitate the presentation of proposed changes in human resources, six categories of possible action with respect to staffing have been identified.
* Circulated in accordance with a decision taken by the Committee at its 1st meeting, on 1 October 2009.
We get along very well.
2014 Winter Olympics women's curling draw 5 sheet C
Global alliances: GAVI, Roll Back Malaria, Tropical Diseases Research (UNICEF, UNDP, WHO, World Bank), UNAIDS, GAIN, FFI.
4-15 March 2013
For staff in the General Service category, the average vacancy rates were 5.6 per cent and 5.7 per cent for 2012 and 2013, respectively.
Industry: Hand Tools; Tools, fixtures; Hacksaw frame, hand saw, saw blade; Wood Cutting Tools;
2. The Ministers examined the proposal of 12 April by President Thabo Mbeki, as well as the understandings between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and MLC of 19 April 2002 and of the Alliance for Safeguarding the Inter-Congolese Dialogue of 25 April 2002.
chlorothiazide (INN)
" The crowd was becoming angry.
However it is a great truth that all real transcendence must acknowledge the darker attributes of self.
Sandpaper
Provisional agenda and documentation for the eighteenth session of the Commission
163. Each country has the primary responsibility for its own sustainable development, and the role of national policies and development strategies cannot be overemphasized.
(a) Include in the sixth annual progress report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the capital master plan an update on the schedule and a new global cost estimate for the project (paras. 25 and 31 below);
Lying in my tent, I can hear your cry echoing round the mountainside.
The Group also examines proposals to expand the scope of existing categories of the Register, to add a new category on small arms and light weapons and to include procurement through national production as an integral part of the Register.
What row are you in? Do you know?
455. Sanjivan Ruprah spent three years in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, trading arms for diamonds, coltan, cassiterite and gold.
"Well, I got there!
United States of America
(14) Access to information is an evolving principle.
The hostile patrol left at 1430 hours, the Lebanese civilians having not reacted in any way.
III. ACHIEVEMENTS, BEST PRACTICES, CHALLENGES AND CONSTRAINTS
Some petrochemical projects, which provide raw materials to make plastics and fertilizers, also are under pressure.
The activity in phase V is expected to focus principally on the procurement of classroom furniture and the rehabilitation of printing presses.
This idea is useful and beneficial to how to guarantee QoS of network in the light of designing network monitor systems.
Encourage your family members and friends to quit smoking.
Have a harmer in my hand.
He calls attention to the fact that the judgement handed down by the National High Court ignored evidence presented in his defence, and that this was not reviewed in cassation.
Furthermore, UNFPA informed the Board that the introduction of the revenue recognition standards might be delayed until 2010.
It was nighttime when he cycled back. To get to the shop faster, he took the route down over Lighthouse Hill.
A comprehensive strategy had been presented at the previous meeting by the representative of Norway, which could provide an interesting basis for those negotiations.
Moreover, UNDP was putting in place a set of up-to-date competencies, whereas the one used until 2010 dated back to 2004.
These may be so transient that you may not even be aware that they are occurring.
The ILO women in management in Africa programme sought to provide women with adequate skills for becoming efficient managers, including through promoting union organization of women, while application of the Habitat programme manual on women's empowerment, which trains teams of residents of urban informal settlements in data collection and analysis, has been applied in 13 countries in four regions and has resulted in an increase in women's role in decision-making.
Fortieth and forty-first sessions
The New Middle East Order
It is in that spirit that we wish to recognize and appreciate the dedication of Mr. Stephen Lewis, Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for HIV/AIDS in Africa, and of Mr. James Morris, Special Envoy for Humanitarian Needs in Southern Africa.
* Her line is more selling than production.
In addition, the Constitution gives power to Parliament to enact legislation to give original jurisdiction in appropriate cases to subordinate courts to hear and determine applications for redress of a denial, violation or infringement of, or threat to, a right or fundamental freedom in the Bill of Rights.
This programme support income, however, is then eliminated in consolidating income to avoid double-counting income already recognized under special-purpose contributions.
II. Agenda
A third factor that weighs in the balance in analyzing what sort of government the FMLN may deliver is the economic crisis that is battering Latin America.
In 2008, the technical review process was conducted with the support of indigenous experts in grant-making and development projects.
(f) Regional confidence-building measures: activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa (resolution 65/84).
These paragraphs are set out hereunder:
123. The United Nations human rights mechanisms have also continued to examine various challenges in respecting human rights while countering terrorism, reflected in the report of the Secretary-General on the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism (A/64/186).
Love your life, poor as it is.
28. The Commission's work on the topic of shared natural resources might be useful in the context of transboundary incidents between States, specifically with regard to the allocation of rights and duties involved in the exploitation of resources that might entail environmental harm.
28. The action to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of UNFICYP for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 is indicated in paragraph 21 of the proposed budget (A/58/644).
^^ How Do I live Without You LeAnn Rimes How do I get through one night without you?
With respect to external funding, Croatia puts priority on capacity building.
The Ideas and Methods of Research on Modern Chinese Vocabulary Which Takes HF Morpheme as the Core
253. Breastfeeding is widely practised in Mauritania, especially in rural areas.
Mr. Clark recalls Mr. Perry calling him every day for two weeks pitching the job.
Just know that when you hear the rain
But, though the Charter provides a framework for such accountability, the prevailing legal view is that, as principal organs of the Organization, the two bodies have equal status.
The convoy that was moving him to district was hit about ten minutes ago.
Khentii Province
But occurs in chronic bacterial prostatitis, the prostatic calculi may become bacterial persistence and recurrent urinary tract infection source of the problem.
In this respect we note with satisfaction the increasingly active role played by the Organization of African Unity (OAU), including at regional and subregional levels, to address the root causes of conflicts and to prevent, manage and resolve them.
By the way, you will have to make a deposit when you open an account.
St. Joseph's College
46. Non-governmental organizations have been established in a number of countries with the aim of promoting the interests of victims of terrorism.
Another matter raised was the assistance from technological solutions by which automatic translations were provided.
(d) High illiteracy rates for boys and girls;
Recalling further the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacity-building,
Saturday, 2 March 2002
Since the entry into force of the Convention, only one certification for export to a State not party had been transmitted to the Secretariat by a party.
A few hours later, an Islamic Resistance official was killed in south Lebanon when his booby-trapped car exploded.
She enquired about the Government's initiative to encourage more women to seek training in professions that were less traditionally female.
At all times the Society was prepared to take the appellant into care, placing her in foster care or a group home.
Sometimes, it was off, but it had burned and could be lit again, continuing to challenge the darkness by its weak yet courageous flame.
And I can't tell you how tempting it is, to explain to them again why they are wrong.
In that context, it has noted that Mr. Ballantyne and Ms. Davidson have not received warning notices from the Commissioner-Enquirer of the "Commission de protection de la langue fran\x{84f7}ise" nor been subjected to any penalty.
In fact, it is often impossible to separate public from private liabilities and this is especially the case for bank debt, which, due to implicit or explicit deposit insurance, is a contingent liability of the public sector.
The old car has outlived its usefulness , ie is no longer useful or worth keeping.
The crisis has had an impact on critical economic sectors such as tourism and the financial sector, on remittances and emigration.
That case is strongest if the spending reductions are large and abrupt in a weak economy.
Along the same lines, in addition to the informal plenary meetings, I firmly intend to continue consultations in whatever format is necessary in order to achieve this objective which we all share.
Human chorionic gonadotropin
Discrimination in business of commercial fishing quotas - article 28.
Primorsko-Akhtarsk
93. The Mission will provide support for the demobilization process and its implementation arrangements through the Commission technique mixte de sécurité.
The situation of conflict-related detainees remains a critical concern in urgent need of resolution.
The districts of Rimavská Sobota, Veľký Krtíš, Michalovce, Sabinov (51 per cent), Trebišov, Vranov nad Topľou (47.2 per cent) and Stará Ľubovňa lag significantly behind, and there the number of inhabitants supplied from the public water supply system does not exceed 75 per cent.
(Agenda item 4)
To provide an objective, consistent, transparent and comprehensive technical assessment of annual information on assigned amounts pursuant to Article 3, paragraphs 7 and 8, emission reduction units (ERUs), certified emission reductions (CERs), temporary certified emission reductions (tCERs), long-term certified emission reductions (lCERs), assigned amount units (AAUs) and removal units (RMUs) for conformity with the provisions of the annexes to decision -/CMP.1 (Modalities for the accounting of assigned amounts)1 and decision -/CMP.1 (Afforestation and reforestation project activities under the CDM), with the technical standards for data exchange between registry systems and any further guidance adopted by the COP/MOP, and with section I.E of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 (Article 7);
More than half of these programs involve visits and services outside the Hong Kong territories.
High society always like to do some dirty thing.
Recommendations were mainly addressed to the CEB for action.The reviewfurthersuggestedthat staff health considerationsarean integral part of staff mobility policies and that the medical services play an important role in human resources management, including decision-making processes regarding staff mobility and work/life balance programmes.
1. Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 3 November 1998;
14. Article 47 of the Revised Penal Code, as amended, which deals with cases when the death penalty cannot be imposed, has been amended to exempt guilty persons below 18 years of age at the time of the commission of the crime. The old law provided only for guilty persons who were more than 70 years of age to be exempted.
United Nations research and training institutes
21. At the working level, the UNCCD secretariat actively participated in the design of the new GEF draft strategy for the land degradation focal area as part of the GEF Technical Advisory Group and the Land Degradation Task Force.
In a vast country like Canada, communications satellites played a key role in linking people and communities, and she noted the launch of the Anik F2, one of the most powerful communications satellites ever built, in July 2004.
1. Overall policymaking, direction and coordination
40. Mr. Zellweger (Switzerland) said that the Guide to Practice on Reservations to Treaties would undoubtedly become a reference work facilitating the resolution of complex problems in that area.
The strategy of the Office in meeting the programme's objectives is designed around five subprogrammes and is based on its role in and responsibility for facilitating and encouraging, as appropriate, measures aimed at disarmament and non-proliferation in all its aspects and at all levels, in particular weapons of mass destruction.
Aggravated forms of the criminal offence include the circumstances when the criminal offence is committed within the framework of an organized criminal association set up for implementing such acts or obtaining high proceeds.
For the final report of the Committee see document DP/1993/73.
San Juan Nepomuceno, Bolívar
Instead, a sense of duty, excellence, cooperation and, above all, patriotism are stressed.
2. prop: vt. support; keep in position The nurse propped her patient up on the pillows.
Creation and continuation of a security right in an attachment
Through subregional conferences, follow-up mentoring has been provided to support the integration of recommendations into national strategy and policy instruments for social equity, affordable housing and land and property taxation.
Slovakia a/ 7/
AI recommended that the Netherlands provide single consolidated reports regarding all parts of the Kingdom of the Netherlands when reporting to the treaty bodies.
Likewise, Cuba believes that relevant environmental standards must be duly taken into account in international disarmament forums during the negotiation of international arms controls and treaties, as set out in draft resolution A/C.1/65/L.14.
Hence, countries that chose to develop their capacities in that regard must do so under the highest safety, security and nonproliferation conditions and with IAEA supervision.
Yet many of the economies with which it competes have similarly strong labor-market protections.
It refers to the Committee's general comment pursuant to which `[t]he author must establish that he/she would be in danger of being tortured and that the grounds for so believing are substantial in the way described, and that such danger is personal and present.
48. The project will focus on West African countries which have specifically requested UNCTAD assistance and were selected in collaboration with the secretariat of the Economic Community of West African States (Benin, Burkina Faso, the Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Mali, Senegal and Togo).
I'm a boiled fish, several meat.
Conservation and derivation of the mathematical model.
The close cooperation between ECOWAS and UNAMSIL on all aspects of peace efforts has proved useful in advancing the peace process in Sierra Leone.
because I am eager to the result of the 101 proposa
Economic exploitation
Although branded goods make a strong statement in today's commercialised world, it was prevailing even in olden times .
Survey Offr (Engineering)3
Nutrition, managing stress, good sleep habits, avoiding smoking, are all steps to master your memory.
Agenda item 112 (b)
Source: African Union, 2008.
Organization of work (A/55/250 and Corr.2, A/C.2/55/1, A/C.2/55/L.1 and Add.1)
The Most Beautiful Villages in Japan
471. On education and health for non Portuguese citizens who are in this territory there is no children to whom the benefits of public schooling may be refused due to the irregularity situation of her/his parents.
In the context of complex emergency situations, emergency assistance and other types of disaster management measures are co-mingled where integrated peacekeeping missions are deployed.
6. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session, under the appropriate item, the sub-item entitled “Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening international economic cooperation for development through partnership”. 91st plenary meeting
Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai publicly said that the war was intended “to teach India a lesson.”
Vendor investigations and recommendations
The Council had before it the updated report of the Secretary-General on the role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, in the light of General Assembly resolutions 50/227, 52/12 B and 57/270 B and 60/265 (A/62/89-E/2007/76) (see also under items 4, 6, 7 (f), 8 and 14).
The ongoing strategic review, facilitated by the Department since February 2014, has aimed not only to build on current strengths but also to address any strategic, operational and administrative gaps.
The starting point for the development of an enlightened , knowledge-based community is good education.
S/RES/1906 (2009), pp. 3
One possible future...from your point of view.
Tolkien's legendarium
Since their return, the State party has continued to harass them. As a result, they are homeless and destitute and the education of the author's children has been greatly disrupted.
Finally, the standard of packing also must be solved by government.
(d) Impact of the new support cost arrangements of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) (proposed by FAO and the United Nations);
These notes provide additional information on and clarification of the financial activities undertaken by the Centre during the period covered by these statements, for which the Secretary-General has administrative responsibility.
Interpretation
Territory by long - term soil tillage cultivation, a higher degree of maturation.
As the list of Contracting States is growing, this criterion is leading more and more often to the applicability of the Convention.
IV. West Africa Mining Corporation mineral purchasing contract area
(b) Cleaning, reworking, repair, or rebuilding of electronic components or assemblies;
Looking down the Jinghong City area in front of the Wanfo (Thousands of Buddha) Pagoda you can view the charming and gentle tropical scene within your sight.
Recommendation 2
Under-Secretary-General, Director-General of the United Nations Office at Vienna, and Executive Director of the United Nations International Drug Control
The first was done shortly after the liberation of Kuwait and was prepared by a team comprised of KNPC employees representing different technical, financial and accounting disciplines.
Developing country Governments to use resource rents to ensure long-term sustainability by replacing depleting natural resource capital by investment in material and human capital.
4.1 On 26 February 2010, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and the merits.
The Centre has currently suspended publication of the Bulletin, which will probably be replaced by a scholarly publication focusing on the United Nations system for the promotion and protection of human rights and containing contributions from academic experts and United Nations staff members.
Drinking water
(b) The contract is sooner terminated, provided that the term of the contract may be extended in accordance with sections 3.2 and 17.2 hereof.
Okay, we've talk a little bit About the divorce, how difficult it is For a seven or eight-year-old girl To live and--you know, through a divorce.
In two countries, there were no initiatives undertaken by CSOs in formal education at all: it is, however, in these countries that the number of initiatives undertaken by STIs both in formal and non-formal education is high.
122. The standard is consistent with and implements the international standard "Principles for the Protection of Persons with Mental Illness and for the Improvement of Mental Health Care", adopted by the United Nations General Assembly, and is in line with the Mexico Declaration on the restructuring of psychiatric care (12 October 2006).
The Environment Management Group, which is currently responsible for United Nations system-wide coordination on environmental matters, only partially meets the need for a system-wide approach.
Article 71
A presentation of the substance of a body of material in a condensed form or by reducing it to its main points; an abstract.
Tess's mother caught up its notation in a week.
While preference was also registered with regard to the third option, views were expressed that this would be detrimental to the process and might send a negative message to the international community.
 Statements in explanation of position were made by the representatives of Germany (on behalf of the European Union), France, New Zealand (on behalf also of Australia and Canada), Austria and Uganda.
220. The Group understands that Colonel Bindu and his direct superior, General Vainqueur Mayala, the overall commander of the eighth military region of North Kivu, have been part of a wider power struggle for control of the mine, which culminated in the massacre of up to 30 people at Bisie on 13 August 2009 perpetrated by FDLR fighters working in conjunction with a Mai Mai leader, Sheka Ntabo Ntaberi, who was previously connected to three companies interested in exploiting the Bisie mine.
for no, it was just some guy.
12. Programme and related questions in the economic, social and related fields.
Water infiltration of shaft-wall often occurs for many reasons, which affects the normal safety production seriously.
(b) The establishment of a Ministry of Human Rights and Public Freedoms in October 2012;
 While there is a general tendency for modern methods as a group to become more predominant over time, there is little sign that the widely varying national patterns of use are converging to the same method mix.
Maybe it was because of the lack of motivation and rapport among us which had resulted in this phenomenon.
Fiscal space for social protection floors exists in virtually every country with many options available.
Panel of Experts on Liberia
These expenditures are accounted for as construction in progress under the security measures fund.
(j) Appointment of the judges of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal
While it pursues merger options, Morgan Stanley is gaining investment banking business in Europe following Lehman Brothers' filing, Mr. Chammah said at the meeting.
Joey: I don't know what's wrong with me lately. I eat like a bird, work like a horse, but I'm as tired as a dog.
Occurs every twenty seconds – shared with Swat and Run Through.
The second increase, of 13 per cent, effective 1 June 1995, was authorized following a comprehensive salary survey conducted by UNDP.
Mexico believes that the steps now being taken in the preparation process of the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) have been positive.
Congratulations not only on your achievement but also on your fine work over the past years.
The breakfast-hour arrived, but M. de Villefort was not at table. The valet re-entered
`Replacement for non-submission of certification report' - in the event that the Party has received a notification of non-submission of a certification report for a project, the quantities of AAUs, CERs, ERUs, RMUs and/or lCERs from the same project activity that were transferred to the `lCER Replacement account for non-submission of certification' pursuant to paragraph 50 of the annex to decision -/CMP.1 (Modalities and procedures for afforestation and reforestation project activities under the clean development mechanism in the first commitment period of the Kyoto Protocol), attached to decision 19/CP.9.
21. On 20 June 2008, Mauritius deposited with the Secretary-General, in accordance with article 16, paragraph 2, and article 47, paragraph 9, of UNCLOS, five charts and the lists of geographical coordinates of points representing the basepoints and defining the baselines from which the maritime zones of Mauritius shall be measured, as contained in the "Regulations made by the Prime Minister under sections 4, 5 and 27 of the Maritime Zones Act 2005"; together with an illustrative map entitled "Chagos Archipelago: Archipelagic Baselines" (February 2007).
Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
UNESCO promotes the participation of its Member States and scientists in international biodiversity research programmes and in global observing systems that focus on parameters and processes relevant to biodiversity and ecosystem services, including satellite monitoring of natural World Heritage sites and other relevant sites.
Don't exaggerate the difficulties of your work.
Delegations urged donors to increase their contributions to regular resources.
Clerk: Good morning. This is Doctor Johnson's office. What can I do for you?
 Mr. KITTIKHOUN (Lao People's Democratic Republic) (interpretation from French): In its wisdom, the General Assembly last year adopted by consensus resolution 47/62, on the question of equitable representation on and increase of the membership of the Security Council.
College degree or above. Good command of English both writing and speaking.
A conflict of interest arises when an employee's personal interest is in conflict with his official position, leading him to discharge his duties counter to the best interest of his employer.
My delegation urges the cooperation of all members of this Conference in agreeing to a work programme that deals with nuclear disarmament as one of its central components.
I did not know why I am born in Laotung.
I recall Tieru says he saved Alexei's ( Nicola ?'s father ) soul.
4. A narrative of itemized details of facilities and services provided to the Court for the period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013 by the United Nations is provided in annex I and by the various offices away from Headquarters in annex II.
194 For further details see A/59/62/Add.1, para. 220.
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/63/646)
After pulling off the shell, she observed the hard - boiled egg inside.
Joint programmes not directly connected with an MDG goal address other areas of the Millennium Declaration, such as humanitarian assistance, human rights and peacebuilding.
A longer-term stabilizing presence?
 In April 1993, reports were received that Abdollah Bagheri's videotaped confessions were broadcast on television in the Islamic Republic of Iran at the beginning of 1993.
Switzerland
--- An Old Quaker Saying.Give what you have; to someone it may be better than you dare to think.
Republic of Moldova
The country's two complementary but separate policy directions are:
Is why he intimates I fail to appreciate the consumption decisions facing real people who face substantial uncertainty.
The following institutes of the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme network were represented at the meeting: International Scientific and Professional Advisory Council and Raoul Wallenberg Institute of Human Rights and Humanitarian Law.
I got an idea about something new.
In deciding and enforcing our response, we see no plausible framework other than the United Nations.
He said: How do I know? I'm not angry now?
II. ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS (Agenda item 2) 7 - 13 4
It's a dark blue, medium - sized canvas bag.
To decrease the number of arbitrary standards, we could take advantage of an experimental connection between temperature and energy.
9. United Nations common system (item 126).
May I also draw your attention to the paragraphs of sections III and IV concerning the agenda of the Main Committees.
Report of the Secretary-General on the theme (to be decided) (General Assembly resolution 52/12 B and Council decision 1999/208)
What are the Common Threats?
Now, just say that we were to believe you, could you guide us there?
As was the case on similar previous occasions, eyewitness accounts and reports confirm that the occupying forces used excessive force against the Palestinian civilians at the holy compound, inflicting injuries on a number of them.
Implemented trade facilitation agreement measures serve as cornerstones where additional layers of trade facilitation initiatives are built.
Underpinning all these initiatives and engagements is the need for coordination among the plethora of international actors involved in post-conflict operations.
Success upon using it wisely by planning and setting priorities.
Non-Aligned Movement: Coordinating Bureau (at the ambassadorial level)
within 21 days from 16 February 2008.
However, it might help implementation if entities doing business outside the jurisdiction in which they were incorporated had to have a certificate to show that there was no adverse information about them in relation to any existing United Nations sanctions regime.
Informal consultations on a Third Committee draft resolution entitled "Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees" (under agenda item 100) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Q : Is it vitality , the energy of life, livingness?
Opportunities for volunteering abound in Israel.
The country size created significant financial and capacity constraints in the Government's efforts to meet these objectives.
First resumed session
Just as with the World Trade Centre attacks, many of the victims would have been Muslims.
Cities in Zakarpattia Oblast
No, I"m afraid you misunderstood me.
They stipulate citizenship based on a number of rights that sometimes collide with each other.
"This fact makes us infer that the three traits were controlled by a single gene," says Xing Yongzhong, one of the lead authors and a professor at HZAU.
9.6 The authors draw attention to flaws in the system of protection.
The Advisory Committee supports the recommendation of the Board of Auditors and shares the view that a more complete and transparent picture of training activities and the related resources throughout the Organization is required.
Inflows are coming from institutional and retail investors, sovereign wealth funds and central banks, experts say.
States of Sudan
Since my childhood I have found that nothing more than reading has the appeal to me.
WTM says in its annual Global Trends report that Europe has done little so far to cater for Asian inbound tourist needs.
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution.
Conflicts of jurisdiction could be resolved satisfactorily by applying the specific rules contained in treaties or, in the absence of such rules, the dispute settlement mechanisms provided for by international law.
My design subject is DK 7132  numerical control electrical - discharge perforation molding machining tool.
I assure the Assembly that my delegation will continue to take part in the work of the Working Group and to extend the necessary cooperation to the presidency so that we can move towards consensus and reach generally agreed-upon conclusions by the fiftieth anniversary of the United Nations.
6 BC
2014 United Nations Regional Courses in International Law: Call for applications and urgent appeal for voluntary contributions
The immigration authorities would have any available data on that matter.
It was also important to address health-care facilities and infrastructure and skilled primary-care staff in rural areas.
100. The eight registered unions in Solomon Islands listed below are affiliated with the Solomon Islands Congress of Trade Unions (SICTU), with the exception of the Solomon Islands Medical Association:
16 February
France
What will matter is how long you will be remembered.
16 November 2007
11. In conformity with rule 32 of the rules of procedure, the States not members of the Conference listed under the following paragraph attended its plenary meetings.
Vallo Torinese
Ireland elaborated on when the recording would actually take place and the type and quantity of information to be entered into the template.
Many speakers expressed their preference for organizing joint meetings of the two groups in the future, considering that the discussion of similar topics in both groups could benefit from their respective experience with regard to both conventions and that resources could be conserved.
(k) Training and elaboration of tools on responses for victims who had been sexually exploited on the Internet;
The meeting was co-hosted by the foreign ministers of Australia, Canada, Finland, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands and Sweden and adopted a joint statement calling upon all States that had not done so to sign and ratify the Treaty, in particular the remaining eight annex II States, whose ratification is necessary for the Treaty to enter into force;
The United Nations International Convention, 18 December 1979, on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, including the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, 6 October 1999.
Persons who are guilty, directly or indirectly, of providing or collecting funds for the commission of terrorist acts are criminally liable for offences committed by terrorists as accomplices to those offences, as provided in articles 35 to 37 of the Criminal Code of the Republic of Tajikistan.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 18 November 2014, addressed to you by Mehmet Dânâ, representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
If the committee considers the evidence sufficient to substantiate such charges, the Council may pass a motion of impeachment by a two-thirds majority of all its members and report it to the Central People's Government for decision; and (8) To summon, as required when exercising the above-mentioned powers and functions, persons concerned to testify or give evidence.
23. The Commission on Sustainable Development was perhaps the only intergovernmental forum dealing with the issue of changing consumption and production patterns.
He made many ludicrous mistakes in his speech.
The Acting President: The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 41.
And they slew about four thousand men of the array in the field.
All understand this truth, but few people can actively and tireless efforts to improve the use of his time.
Despite constraints and capacity challenges, including structural and institutional deficiencies, we have slowly but surely progressed in the pursuit to enhance that objective, and we have also survived numerous waves of challenges brought about by global forces in the name of liberalization and globalization.
We propose to start from Tsuen Wan at seven o'clock.
Organized and conducted all aspects of an Intergovernmental Consultation on Strengthening the Scientific Base of UNEP, as requested in Governing Council decision 22/1 IA.
In other words, the organization would be obliged to make appropriate dispositions in its regular budget (or special accounts linked to the specific operation);
A far better idea is to force financial firms to issue much more equity (stock), as Stanford University’s Anat Admati has proposed.
5. Strengthening thematic expertise
56/2 Advancing human resources development in Asia and the Pacific
More United States violence will only lead to greater resistance.
Conclusions and recommendations
We believe that the United Nations war crimes Tribunals in Rwanda and in the former Yugoslavia constitute constructive examples of judicial processes that have played a crucial role in securing justice in post-conflict societies.
Female Sterilization
Summary of results of an evaluation survey of participants
Store metal wares properly.
(d) To promote cooperation among ESCWA member States in the fields of natural resources and the environment in the context of existing and planned regional arrangements, institutions and projects.
Most Praying mantids are of the family Mantidae.
The search engine allows you to either draw a map showing the location of an object or simply to display all the information available about the object.
Since then, the European Union's role in and contribution to the process has been widely recognized, including by the facilitator for the 2012 conference, Jaakko Laajava of Finland, appointed on 17 October 2011.
Summary
Senior officials segment
Both areas are contaminated.
32. Russian Federation commended Djibouti's leadership in the field of promotion and protection of human rights and the significant progress achieved, notably by acceding to main human rights of treaties, developing education and, inter alia, reducing maternal mortality.
For the purposes of the draft articles, the principle of the non-expulsion of nationals also applied to persons who had legally acquired one or several other nationalities, and the commentary should make it clear that States should not use denationalization as a means of circumventing their obligations under the principle of non-expulsion of nationals.
The Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission, formed subsequently in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Algiers Peace Agreement, rendered its delimitation decision on 13 April 2002 after a lengthy litigation process between the parties over a period of 14 months.
However, its full potential cannot be achieved until all States become parties to it and fully comply with their obligations to cooperate under international law.
9. Mr. Vidal (Uruguay) said that he wished to acknowledge Costa Rica's ongoing support for the University, enabling it to fulfil the noble objectives for which it had been founded.
92 Will this flight leave on time?
Iran and North Korea remain compliance challenges that have yet to be fully addressed.
At least 95 per cent of parliamentary documents are submitted within deadlines
The court dismissed the arguments of the author's lawyer in relation to the evidential value of the seized television set and the conclusions of the forensic medical examination, by establishing that the author himself showed and surrendered the television set to police officers and that the arguments concerning the conclusions of the medical examination were groundless.
(a) The Charter of the United Nations was signed on 26 June 1945 and came into force on 24 October 1945.
Where the broker intentionally concealed any material fact or provided false information in connection with the conclusion of the proposed contract, thereby harming the client's interests, it may not require payment of any remuneration and shall be liable for damages
And possibly the afternoon as well.
"provide Mr. Chongwe with an effective remedy and ... take adequate measures to protect his personal security and life from threats of any kind.
Denmark and the EU have welcomed the outcome of the conference to amend the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials (CPPNM), which took place in Vienna in July 2005.
Different publishers have different file formats and publishing books, e - reader operation environment.
The method of selecting the user input device is implementation defined .
In collaboration with local authorities, community leaders and non-governmental organization partners, UNMIS and the United Nations Children's Fund are leading efforts to systematically register missing children.
 18. Ms. ABAKA said she had noted with concern the rise in the number of women having abortions after the reform of the abortion law.
Yet in finding Him, I will be changed and I will know myself better too.
 16. No provisions were made under this heading.
40. Seventeen United Nations agencies are currently members of the cluster, including relevant departments and offices of the Secretariat, the regional commissions, and related United Nations and specialized agencies.
7.9 On a subsidiary basis, the State party contends that the author's claim under article 19 is manifestly without merits.
Tools, materials, and debris shall not be allowed to accumulate in quantities to cause a hazard.
Lastly, he noted that it was the responsibility of the Secretary-General and the Peacebuilding Support Office to enforce the guiding principles of the terms of reference for the Peacebuilding Fund.
He was in the plain brown uniform which most prominent Nazis now wear.
Károlyháza
France and Germany were among the signatories to the peace treaty.
Mister! Please don t close up yet.
And government responsiveness at lower levels, one may hope, might eventually trickle up to the top.
The plan was pending approval and subsequent availability of resources at the end of the period.
No opening could possibly be worse.
10. In Lithuania, the Special Rapporteur participated in the seminar on Belarus in Vilnius and gathered information from representatives of the Belarusian political opposition (United Civic Party, Party of Freedom and Progress, Belarus Popular Front Party), independent media (Belaruski Rynak newspaper, Chairperson of the Belarusian Association of Journalists and 2004 Sacharov prize recipient Zanna Litvina), civil society (movement "Nash Dom" of Vitebsk, ZUBR youth movement, Belarusian Women's League), family members of victims of human rights violations, including the elder son of Mikhail Marinich and the wife of the disappeared Dmitry Zavadsky, members of the European Parliament, the Rapporteur on Belarus of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE), and NATO officials.
He called his servants together and delegated responsibilities.
Saint Lucia calls on the United States to resume discussions with the European Union on a new marketing system for bananas that could be acceptable to all, giving due consideration to the Caribbean proposal.
4. Responding to a question about the ratification of international instruments, she said that the dates earlier cited by her delegation corresponded to the dates of the instruments' entry into force in Andorra.
A regional hub was rendered irrelevant if it only covered one Member State.
(c) Draft resolution A/C.1/67/L.2, as a whole, was adopted by a recorded vote of 158 to 5, with 5 abstentions (see para. 7).
31 May 2002
Of particular relevance to poverty reduction through decent work are provisions requiring States parties to promote opportunities for self-employment, entrepreneurship, the development of cooperatives and starting one's own business.
In most parts of the world, however, emissions from intentional-use sources are mainly estimated using approaches involving substance flow analysis or mass balance estimations (UNEP/AMAP, 2008).
A representative of UNEP Chemicals added that the elaboration of mercury waste guidelines was a particularly valuable process and that his branch therefore stood ready to support the process and would be willing to pilot the guidelines once they were finalized.
I can do it if anybody can.
It will be recalled that the Assembly in its resolution 51/241 decided that the number of reports requested shall be rationalized where possible so as to permit more focused consideration of issues.
323. The Committee notes the prevalence of certain traditions, customs and cultural practices in Cameroon which continue to impede the full enjoyment by women of their rights under the Covenant.
Summary record of the 2nd meeting
It would also be helpful if the Ministry could provide further updates on any particular Kimberley Process/diamond-specific enforcement efforts undertaken by the Liberia National Police or the court system.
In Judgment No. 24, Torres et al. v. Secretary-General of the Organization of American States, the Administrative Tribunal of the Organization of American States rejected the plea of force majeure, which had been made in order to justify termination of an official's contract:
Inter-agency contingency plans for potential population influxes from Guinea and Côte d'Ivoire were updated to ensure that response mechanisms are in place.
Both these formulations may be seen as examples of deliberate ambiguity.
The explosion tore a hole in the wall.
The rooms are clean and quiet, with double-glazed windows.
:: 13 bodies with responsibility for nuclear safety issues;
Please provide information on specific measures taken to address the underrepresentation of women at the decision-making level in the area of education and in academia as professors, senior lecturers and researchers (CEDAW/C/AZE/CO/4, para. 29).
Have you ever bought a beautiful and special light?
Rockets vs Lakers. Yao Ming, my idol, will appear in front of several hundred million of the worldwide audience.
This constitutional provision was brought into effect by the Statute of the Office of the Ombudsman for Human Rights and Justice Law No. 7/2004, which established this Office as an independent oversight mechanism responsible to examine and find solutions to citizens' complaints of abuse of public powers (including PNTL and F-FDTL); to certify the conformity of acts with the law; and to prevent injustice and to initiate the process to remedy injustice.
An astronomer predicted the return of this comet [ predicted that this comet would return ].
Oslo/New York/Oslo
The training programme offers different levels of language and expertise and is directed at various target audiences and themes.
Objective : To study how to model zero - inflated count data, and apply it the about respiratory infection.
United Kingdom*
Document: Note by the Secretary-General, A/64/101
49. It was so decided.
4. Triaminoguanidinenitrate (TAGN) (CAS 4000-16-2);
New York, 31 May 2001
 Out of 132 formal meetings of the Security Council, 45 were devoted to the situation in the former Yugoslavia and 42 to issues related to the African continent.
Was a technical adviser to the Social, Personal and Health Education Support Team working on the "Walk Tall" Drugs Prevention Programme for first-level schools and was involved in the training of many hundreds of first-level teachers in drug prevention.
To date, insect resistance has been provided by a gene from the soil bacterium Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt).
Special dismissal protection also exists for persons with severe disabilities (sections 85 et seqq. of Book IX of the Social Code).
There is a widespread view that such damages are not permitted under international law, but some States interpret article 42 (1) as allowing punitive damages.
He knew her to be so, without looking at her, and said:
The Department has started to use the Green Customs Seal since 15 November 2004.
43. As outlined in paragraphs 18 to 23 above, human resources development is a critical factor in ensuring the implementation of the Millennium Declaration goals.
I am pleased to report that flexibility and cooperation ultimately prevailed.
Total costs
1. Reaffirms that Israeli settlements in the Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and in the occupied Syrian Golan are illegal and an obstacle to peace and economic and social development;
Where abortion is illegal, however, it is usually performed in medically substandard and unsanitary conditions, leading to a high incidence of complications and resulting in chronic morbidity and often death.
12 Frigates,
66. The main objective of the Durban Review Conference is to assess the implementation of the commitments undertaken by the international community at the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001.
Brazil squad 2015 Copa América
Newspaper editorials spoke of the need to sweep away corruption.
Environment
"CT scans have a very high false positive rate when trying to discover lung cancer, " lead investigator Dr.
The most notable challenge during this period has come from Fatah al-Islam.
Sarcostemma acidum
"I almost at that point said, 'Not now, we have a serious situation here,'" he said.
14. Mr. ORDZHONIKIDZE (Russian Federation) supported the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination and that of Israel to peaceful coexistence.
The continuous fighting between the parties, the use of heavy weapons by the Government and the increase in the use of improvised explosive devises resulted in heavy civilian casualties and mass displacement of civilians inside and outside the country.
Part of the world's history was being falsified, and the draft resolution was therefore very important.
Table 10.2c: Total Number of Children enrolled in Pre-School Centres by Gender and Age, 2001/02
Seven parties (Botswana, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Libya, Mauritania, South Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic and Tunisia) had not thus far received funding for phase-out management plans.
Sponsors were beating down his door, and his mother and coach saw no reason to delay the inevitable.
Sixty-eighth session
I suddenly understand the appeal of cigarettes and alcohol.
However, there was still debate on its purpose and scope, and he alluded to several considerations that had emerged from that debate. First, the Calvo clause was of limited validity in the sense that it did not constitute a complete bar to diplomatic intervention.
Implementation of Security Council resolutions 1171 (1998) and 1306 (2000) by the United Kingdom
A participant proposed that the Government should promote the Election Committee to the public to make them understand that the Committee comprised representatives from various sectors, that it was broadly represented, and that it was not a "small circle" election.
Withdrawal of nationality is not possible on racial, ethnic, religious or gender grounds.
In explanation of the variance, the Committee was informed that the overexpenditure was due primarily to higher requirements for travel of representatives.
39. The Platform for Action further urged Governments to take actions to sensitize the girl child, parents, teachers and society concerning good general health and nutrition and raise awareness of the health dangers and other problems connected with early pregnancies (para. 281 (b)); to strengthen and reorient health education and health services, particularly primary health-care programmes, including sexual and reproductive health, and design quality health programmes that meet the physical and mental needs of girls and that attend to the needs of young, expectant and nursing mothers (para. 281 (c)); and to emphasize the role and responsibility of adolescents in sexual and reproductive health and behaviour through the provision of appropriate services and counselling (para. 281 (g)).
On 15 October, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic agreed to establish diplomatic relations, effective immediately, and to work together on a number of issues of common concern, including border delineation and border security.
On your way home from your aunt's, will you bring some coffee back?
But it's also a huge relief, not having to do that commitment each day or week or month.
Model PT - 800 single shaft shredder is our new designed product.
2. Intellectual legitimization 9 - 12 5
The case study with the recommended equation indicates its reliability and applicability to similar gas pools.
Security Council, other secretariat meetings for children and armed conflict, human rights and sexual violence against children
These letters, dated from 29 September 2000 (A/55/432-S/2000/921) to 8 August 2011 (A/ES-10/526-S/2011/500), constitute a basic record of the crimes being committed by Israel, the occupying Power, against the Palestinian people since September 2000.
How would you like to pay锛?A: Good morning!
(f) Entering into agreements or arrangements with other States parties where cooperation between law enforcement authorities would be beneficial; and
Placed in large vents, It'samples the air every fifteen minutes.
The 2 nd phase, to 2020, dweller average per capita year consume a fruit 48 kilogram.
Jordan Fourth periodic 21 January 1997 Not yet received
7. The report of the pre-session working group (CEDAW/PSWG/52/1), which met from 24 to 28 October 2011, was introduced by the Chair of the Committee, Silvia Pimentel, at the 1039th meeting.
Jada Stevens
Noble of the devils, it is time to perform the ancient agreement!
The Committee recalls its jurisprudence that judicial review of the lawfulness of detention under article 9, paragraph 4, is not limited to mere compliance of the detention with domestic law but must include the possibility to order release if the detention is incompatible with the requirements of the Covenant, in particular those of article 9, paragraph 1.
Moreover, the Inspectors observed that in the ERP market, suppliers have a disproportionate amount of negotiating power relative to customers, and that the CEB HLCM should establish a task force to review system-wide opportunities for ERP collaboration, and better position United Nations system organizations vis-à-vis ERP providers.
During the later years, the couple have developed strategies to deal with problems they arise.
5. The Ministry responsible for parity has engaged in the ESPERE project since 2001, with its stated aims to raise awareness and train Government Employment Department officials to fight racial and/or double discrimination (based on sex and race or ethnic origin) in access to employment.
The Committee invites the State party to submit its seventh periodic report, which is due in July 2010, and its eighth periodic report, which is due in July 2014, in a combined report in 2014.
Indian Chemical Manufacturers Association (ICMA)
This year, for the first time within these walls, a substantive discussion was held on how to make the best use of the capacity of the United Nations system to assist such countries in addressing their specific social and economic problems, which are particularly important for sustainable global development.
LCQ9: Government officials' attendance at advisory and statutory bodies meetings
New York, 15-26 May 2006
Indonesia suggested that subregional meetings on the use of the death penalty should be held and Uruguay recommended regional studies on the application of the death penalty and current trends in the direction of reinstatement.
Note: Manulife will send you a Payment Advice 10 days before the end of each contribution period, please refer to the instruction on the Payment Advice to settle the contribution. Please allow 3 working days for PPS payment processing.
Navigation elements for a site are often found within the sidebar of a web page, but they may also be within the header and footer.
On 11 January, the Council adopted a presidential statement (S/PRST/2008/1) in which it condemned in the strongest possible terms the attack on 7 January on a UNAMID supply convoy, welcomed the transfer of authority from AMIS to UNAMID, urged the Government of the Sudan and all armed groups to respect an immediate and complete ceasefire, and demanded that all parties cooperate fully with the deployment of UNAMID.
88. The Republic of Korea is not party to the Convention against Discrimination in Education but reported to UNESCO for the Sixth Consultation on the implementation of the Recommendation against Discrimination in Education in 1997.
These efforts were led mainly by the National Science and Technology Board.
The Committee felt that some guidance should be given to the States parties and to the authors of communications to enable them to apply correctly the provisions of article 3 in the context of the procedure set forth in article 22 of the Convention.
Rambler Harbour
"The priest shall take some of the blood from the sin offering and put it on the door posts of the house, on the four corners of the ledge of the altar and on the posts of the gate of the inner court.
The Committee desired that the working group examine that suggestion.
Autoresponders are an integral tool to email marketing and increasing your business success.
Unfortunately, however, the Council appears to have paid very little attention to those concerns.
Mr. Wall said he told BHP executives last week he's worried about what a change in sales tactics would do to the province's income.
Therefore, a research to this problem has great theoretical significance, especially for the development of teacher contingent in the county.
At the international and regional levels, Sudan would continue to strive to strengthen protection for refugees and displaced persons and to apply the relevant instruments, including the Geneva Convention of 1951 relating to the Status of Refugees, the Protocol thereto of 1962, and the African Union Convention Governing the Specific Aspects of Refugee Problems in Africa.
135. After 2003: After decades of authoritarian rule and the attendant human rights abuses, the Government of Kenya showed commitment to making a break with the past and creating the necessary enabling environment for the enjoyment of human rights by all without any distinction.
220. As adjectival law aimed at protecting the ownership rights of the family home, the national legal system has Law No. 339 on Family Property, dated 22 August 1968, which provides that: "Buildings intended for housing, whether single-family or multi-family, which the State transfers to private individuals in urban or rural areas through social improvement plans implemented by autonomous State organs or directly by the Executive, are hereby declared Family Property to the fullest extent permitted by law."
If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.
(ii) Looking forward: Science, technology and innovation prospects for the post-2015 development agenda
Gravimetric analysis
The cold weather will persist for the rest of the week.
The Committee is further concerned about the lack of progress in recognizing no-fault divorce and women's economic rights upon divorce.
At its thirty-first session, in 1976, the General Assembly approved the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit, consisting of not more than 11 members (resolution 31/192).
Anybody caught breaking this rule the second time will be fined $ 60.
A British Airways jet flies past the moon over Zurich in this June 30,2009 photo.
15:18 Why is my pain perpetual, and my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed
157. In line with its strong commitment to the cause of human rights and democracy, the Turkish Government attaches utmost importance to civil society and regards human rights defenders in particular as an essential element of a vibrant civil society and spares no effort to create favourable conditions for their effective functioning.
The announcements to be published in the "Forthcoming other activities" section, should be sent before 18:00 at least two days in advance.
Finally, the United Nations system will continue to seek close cooperation with civil society.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination:
There are no new applications before the Board for its consideration at this session.
From 15:00 to 17:00, in Conference Room C.
146,000 United Nations police patrol days with the Haitian National Police (2 United Nations police officers per patrol x 4 patrols per Haitian National Police commissariat x 50 main Haitian National Police commissariats in 10 regions x 365 days)
IV. Findings of the assessment mission
Working files on different situations will be prepared and updated as necessary. A roster of country-specific experts will be created, with whom the Office will be in a position to consult to deepen its insights.
When other poor eating habits such as having no breakfast and lunch or having no breakfast and snacks, are included, lost productivity rocketed to nearly 17 billion pounds.
Southwest Airlines
51. Lastly, the Population Division has continued its collaboration with the French National Committee of the International Union for the Scientific Study of Population in developing and implementing Demopaedia, an interactive web-based Wiki platform providing access to a set of multilingual demographic dictionaries available in 14 languages to population specialists, government officials, nongovernmental organizations and the media. Publications, expert group meetings and other materials prepared or organized by the Population Division
My mother turned up trumps and lent me the money to go on holiday.
It intended to reform the health sector, including decentralization, increased investment in preventive health, partnership with the private sector and civil society, creation of a comprehensive health insurance scheme and improvement of health sector facilities and service delivery.
PBC/6/OC/1
83. At its 32nd meeting, on 16 June 2011, the Committee adopted the present report.
Property rights: challenges ahead
The suction end of the compressor is communicated with the other end of the distilling evaporator.
Haiti
Furthermore, in accordance with article 8, the secretariat of the Board serves as the secretariat of the United Nations Staff Pension Committee.
Let your baby get the attention he needs from his dad and don't let his preference create tension between you and your partner.
Liberia*
:: Negotiation of 12 agreements with the United Nations Volunteers Programme in regard to the services of United Nations Volunteers deployed to field operations
For all countries that rely on food imports - but particularly the poorest countries - an important aspect of the evaluation of trading regime changes for food security is their likely impact on world market instability.
10. In conjunction with his efforts to cooperate with other international mechanisms, the Special Rapporteur has continued to carry out work in four principal areas: promoting good practices; thematic studies; country reports; and communications relating to alleged human rights violations.
12. Turkey provided its views comprising: (a) information regarding the consequences incurred by Turkey as a third State affected by the application of sanctions imposed on Iraq; and (b) a general evaluation of the report of the ad hoc expert group meeting convened pursuant to paragraph 4 of General Assembly resolution 52/162.
Accordingly, a seller who has been engaging in business in a country for many years and has repeatedly concluded contracts of the type involved in the particular trade concerned is obliged to take national usage into consideration.
In accordance with a practice adopted under an agreement with the Ministry of Justice, the Anti-Corruption Public Prosecutor's Office and the Anti-Corruption Court, however, the Brigade may launch an investigation without a letter rogatory for those persons because the agreement has the effect of a general letter rogatory.
Another scholarly journal reported that MRSA was found in 45 percent of employees working at hog farms.
Even then, the effective transfer and mastery of the technology will hinge on prior investments in technical and managerial capabilities, i.e. absorptive capacity.
The reason for any person's single status had to be an unfortunate one.
She seized the child by the collar
The Chair of the Working Group, Dominika Krois (Poland), opened the meeting.
Reaffirming that many refugees and waraffected persons continue to need protection and assistance, and mindful that instability in the Mano River subregion and in Côte d'Ivoire continues to create displacements,
Ninety-two percent of women said they would prefer other gifts, such as chocolates or even a marriage proposal . Many women described flowers as impractical and overpriced.
The Special Committee, inter alia, recommends:
The existing command and control arrangements for force commanders in the field would remain unchanged.
A number of indigenous representatives voiced the need for a code of conduct for transnational corporations.
 Should an invoice be presented for payment in an amount which exceeds the existing relevant obligation by the specified amount or more, prior certification of the payment is required.
And He is the radiance of His glory and the exact representation of His nature, and upholds all things by the word of His power. When He had made purification of sins, He sat down at the right hand of the Majesty on high,
The carriage passed through the palace gates.
5. Experience with the Basel Convention suggests that today's global waste challenge is shaped in large part by several interrelated issues, namely:
The slim Muslim reached his climax when he found the axis the galaxy.
Suddenly, pare off to have the strong wind on the ocean surface, curl up the billow.
Security Council Communications to the President of the Security Council
Article 3: Treaty as a basis for the obligation to extradite or prosecute
Another element was often repeated during the debate: the importance of greater integration for the efficient planning of peacekeeping missions and United Nations programmes and funds.
The evaluation also recommended greater involvement of communities and children to make schools child-friendly and to increase awareness of, and commitment to, the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
URA Kwun Tong Office
Today, 14 October 2005, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
18. The position expressed in paragraphs 4.5 and 4.6 of the OECD Commentary (a painter who repaints a building has the building at his disposal, and a road-paving enterprise has at its disposal the location where the road is being paved) is accepted by OECD, except for Germany, which made an observation in 2005 and does not accept a place of business at the disposal of the enterprise in this case.
In order to contribute to the efforts being undertaken at the national and international levels in addressing the impact of climate change on the environment and economic development and in reaching a successful deal in Copenhagen, Montenegro will organize a regional conference on climate change and sustainable development for the Mediterranean and South-East European countries in Budva, on 16 and 17 October.
She felt so free from ulterior motives.
They thought he was suicidal.
"Emphasizing the significance and urgency of starting the process for enhanced cooperation in full consistency with the mandate provided in paragraph 71 of the Tunis Agenda and the need for enhanced cooperation to enable Governments, on an equal footing, to carry out their roles and responsibilities in international public policy issues pertaining to the Internet, but not in the day-to-day technical and operational matters that do not impact on international public policy issues,
55. Haiti has come a long way since the devastating earthquake of 2010.
The specific measures are to be enacted by the State Council.
Date issued
Despite several organizational challenges faced by the Commission, the rate of progress has been encouraging, with 109 interviews conducted in the past four months.
 The response of the UNPROFOR command to the renewed aggression has been to equivocate the actions of the victims with those of the aggressors; of the host sovereign State and Member of the United Nations with those of self-proclaimed ethnic warlords and fascists.
 69. The strategy of the United Nations system in this critical area of concern is determined by its unique ability to promote a comprehensive approach to improving the health of girls and women, preventing ill-health and making health systems more responsive to the needs of girls and women.
Welcoming also the designation of 19 November as World Toilet Day, in the context of Sanitation for All, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 67/291 of 24 July 2013,
Agenda item 3
So China being the second largest economy and lots of mega cities does not have a right to modernize it's military? That's crazy talk.
Status Lecturer
That’s just wishful thinking.
There are dozens of cabbages stored in winter.
Using genetic evidence from more than 20 species of locusts, scientists from the Universities of Toronto, Arizona, Maryland, Cornell University and the U.S. Department of Agriculture have answered a long-standing conundrum: why are the closest relatives of the African desert locust (Schistocerca gregaria) found in the New World, rather than Africa
Weather Chart for 0200 HKT 22/May/2009
- Legislation amending the existing texts on arbitration, referring generally to international conventions in the field of arbitration rather than specifically to the New York Convention;
Another project was launched in 2012 to assist the public sector and the judiciary in Bayelsa state in enhancing integrity, accountability and transparency in the management of public finances and public affairs.
II. COMMON FEATURES OF DIFFERENT CASES OF DISCRIMINATION BASED ON WORK AND DESCENT 44 - 47 9
He or she would interact on a routine basis with the Directors of the United Nations BOA, Joint Inspection Unit and OIOS as well as with senior management of the two Departments and field missions.
"The Lord said to me, 'See, I have begun to deliver Sihon and his land over to you.
62. The States Parties have repeatedly recalled that in accordance with Article 5 of the Convention, States Parties must "make every effort to identify all areas under (their) jurisdiction or control in which anti-personnel mines are known or suspected to be emplaced" and undertake "to destroy or ensure the destruction of all anti-personnel mines in mined areas under (their) jurisdiction or control, as soon as possible but not later than ten years after the entry into force of (the) Convention for (a particular) State Party."
6. The Committee has continued to reiterate the recommendations on completion of comprehensive and residual risk-based analyses and work planning with OIOS.
However, some alterations in the trends of recent years have been observed, which undoubtedly represent an economic policy challenge.
Burn After Reading is a movie about stupidity that left me feeling stupid.
18. Children brought into formal contact with the police, per 100,000 children, 2005 and 2011
The Serbs tightened their blockade around Sarajevo , and their snipers began firing on innocent children again.
 Following the allocation by the General Assembly to the Third Committee of a new sub-item 100 (e) (Capital punishment), the Committee decided to consider the sub-item in conjunction with sub-item (a) (Implementation of human rights instruments).
n Should the General Assembly approve the recommendations of the Commission, requirements of $10.1 million will be considered in the context of the performance reports for 2010-2011 and requirements for 2012-2013 will be considered in context of the proposed programme budget for 2012-2013.
John's taxes averaged out to about a fifth of his income.
Indicators of achievement
Clay’s boastful rhymes, composed spontaneously, defined him as a forerunner of rap music.
They were tested in Belfast with the weight of 70 men.
Implementation of the programme of work for 2007
Now I'm certain the piss is filling my lungs. I'm drowning. Everything hurts.
8. Mrs. Ramos Rodríguez (Cuba) said that her delegation was interested in contributing to the work of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country.
On a statistical average there is a strong dependence of the scintillation on the time of the day.
This is bullshit. I don't wanna be in this shitty movie.
The Special Rapporteur calls on the Government to take the necessary steps to prevent further killings of demonstrators, in accordance with the Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms by Law Enforcement Officials, and to respect all international fair trial standards in death penalty cases. Bangladesh
(a). Enhanced policy coherence in the management of human settlements activities of the United Nations system
The Mechanism Coordination Council has also held joint meetings with the Coordination Council of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda to discuss cross-cutting issues relating to the provision of services, budgetary matters and the transition of functions.
Yuri Kolosov (Russian Federation)
My heartfelt thanks to you dear teacher.
But one thing is clear: effective communication with market participants and real-economy players is crucial to market credibility and stability.
Ordinances are enacted by the Legislative Council and will only take effect after they are signed and promulgated by the Chief Executive.
I have interviewed another person who wanted this position and he/she seems great, why should I hire you
"As their name implies, treaties of commerce and establishment operate to make easier the entry, residence, and business activities of nationals in the territories of the States parties.
We giggled and laughed just like little angels in heaven.
130. In 2003, the Ministry of Public Security launched a major investigation of lawenforcement in custody-houses nationwide, investigating in particular whether there was any beating, corporal punishment or cruel treatment being used on criminal suspects and defendants, and whether there were any acts which violated the legitimate rights and interests of the same.
Trade and Development Board
Fifty-third session
Emigrants arrive at Le Havre from Basel en route for New York.
By ultimate strength analysis at various conditions, the collapse of platform is caused by breakage of pile leg. And the brace breakage can also decrease the strength of the platform.
*The President and other representatives attended the 1 8* session of United Nations Working Group on Indigenous Populations that was held from 24 to 28 July, 1999 in Geneva, and made oral statements.
I know it is bringing hope to English learners.
It suggests, inter alia, the setting up of social programmes to prevent all types of child abuse as well as the rehabilitation of child victims.
The idea of a holiday abroad is certainly appealing.
To help implement these programmes, particularly in urban areas, the MOH operates a number of specialized centres and dispensaries with specialized personnel which offer preventive and curative health services and training for health personnel from other primary health care units.
Ambassadors of France to Germany
All other individuals providing any kind of service within such groups and those who knowingly and voluntarily provide weapons, ammunition and instruments of crime to such groups or their subdivisions are punishable by imprisonment (article 227 of the Penal Code).
Thus, let's start preparations for optimization and teaching the NN.
(a) The Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants By Land, Sea and Air, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, ratified on 5 March 2004 and acceded on 1 March 2005, respectively;
There is no mandatory prohibition of returning persons to a risk of death or torture abroad.
45. It was so decided.
This is in stark contrast to what we have at the Conference on Disarmament, as compared with bilateral disarmament.
You guys can also talk each other like this. Wish you find friends soon!
The ECA requirements for the new building, estimated at this stage at $417,300, would be included in the overall resource requirements for the access control project to be presented to the General Assembly during the resumed part of its sixtieth session.
Creation of the Assembly
The Turkish authorities are preparing to forcibly return the Iranian-Kurdish family named above, who are recognised refugees, to Iraq, where their lives would be in danger.
1. The Financial Statements of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (hereinafter UNIDO) for the year ended 31 December 2013 were examined in accordance with Article XI of "Financial Regulations and Rules of UNIDO" and the Additional terms of reference governing the audit of the UNIDO.
SHOP 607 LEVEL 6 TELFORD PLAZA II 33 WAI YIP ST KOWLOON BAY KLN
Presenters at the session demonstrated that small satellites were able to provide valuable and timely information with a high spatial, spectral and temporal resolution.
Communications addressed to the President of the Security Council should be delivered to the Office of the President of the Council (e-mailed dpa-scsb3@un.org; room S-2472; fax 1 (917) 367-0406).
D. The Last Day
The proportion of women as ministerial directors is 26.3%.
Informal consultations/meetings (including Working Groups)
More than 3 million African children under age 15 years were living with HIV, and the continent has the highest number of out-of-school children in the world.
Maswada was arrested a few minutes before the troops stormed in.
Continuing discussions on appropriate national measures at the expert level in the regular meetings;
When we delete a slide, we will rearrange each slide's position.
 7. We hope to add some elements to the text of fundamental principles to accurately reflect the characteristics of official statistics, such as the definition of official statistics, the role of official statistics in coordinating national statistics through standards, methodology and classifications, and the importance of statistical legislation.
11. The press is free and vigorous, highly vocal on political matters, with newspapers, in particular, extremely critical of the Government.
But, as trade liberalization has lowered tariffs and duties, the share of trade taxes has declined, while other sources have not compensated for falling trade revenue.
Wealthy countries should also pressure emerging market countries serving as havens for stolen assets to ratify and implement the UNCAC.
Finally, the poor are most at risk from multiple chemical, air-quality and ergonomic environmental hazards in the workplace.
Team Clean releases its final report on long-term measures to improve environmental hygiene in Hong Kong. The Department is responsible for taking forward a number of improvement measures recommended in the report, e.g. launching market cleansing days, and drawing up legislative proposals to introduce heavier penalties for repeated public cleanliness offenders.
3. The Secretary-General proposes adjustments that would bring the overall level of charges within the level of the contingency fund.
(a) Meet at United Nations Headquarters in New York;
Draft resolution VI was adopted (resolution 63/79).
This document is available for consultation in the Department for Disarmament Affairs of the Secretariat.
The central and local treasuries have both increased their inputs for the implementation of the outline for the development of women year by year, and optimized the allocation of resources to facilitate women's development.
When their partner backs down, they assume they have won, but in truth they have lost
Time limits for the filing and issuance of decisions by the Committee
Renovation to the Secretary-General's residence: revised estimates to the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 (A/61/377 and A/61/523)
For that reason the diplomatic protection in the context of the Mavrommatis construct should not be considered a fiction.
Recurrent balance
70 G
When the condenser is leaking it should promptly be handled, and the close attention should be given the water quality.
Indeed, at a bail application to the court the police specifically disclaimed any such link, and, during trial, no evidence to that effect was adduced beyond the evidence of participation in the offences themselves.
Oh, they let you tote that record player down there, huh? I could'a swore they confiscated that stuff.
Corporate savings in Africa are an under-researched topic and, in the absence of data, it is difficult to go beyond a discussion of stylized facts.
Most women watch their diet during pregnancy.
III. Preventing crime and strengthening criminal justice systems
4. An Electoral Ordinance was enacted in 1988 and amended in 1997.
I was helplessly in love with her, but she was already taken.
:No country , however rich , , , , , , No country , however rich , can afford the waste of its human resources.
The representative of China subsequently introduced a conference room paper containing a draft decision on an essential-use exemption for laboratory and analytical uses for 2015, explaining that the relevant authorities required 90 tonnes of carbon tetrachloride for testing new technologies, substitute substances and standards for monitoring the country's water systems, work on which should be completed within the next two years.
As long as you go with the flow,you know?
37. Ms. Semambo-Kalema (Uganda) said that approval of the draft model legislative provisions on privately financed infrastructure projects at the latest session of UNCITRAL represented a continuation of work already done by the Commission following approval of the legislative guide on privately financed infrastructure projects in 2000.
The UK is firmly committed to further increasing aid to reach the 0.7 per cent target by 2013, two years ahead of the joint European Union aid volume target agreed in 2005.
Whatever he may pretend, he wishes to provoke Edgar to desperation: he says he has married me on purpose to obtain power over him; and he shan't obtain it--I'll die first!
The information community will also have to face new forms of repression that will also use these tools to influence the enjoyment of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
The Prosecutor has launched formal investigations into each of those situations, and the Court recently issued its first arrest warrants against five senior members of the Lord's Resistance Army in northern Uganda.
Technical Briefing for green groups, academics and professional bodies
Airports established in 1947
The Committee resumed its consideration of agenda item 65.
"But they put their detestable things in the house which is called by My name, to defile it.
Youll soon find out that human beings do not operate on such a paradigm.
:: Expand the scope of predicate offences for purposes of money-laundering to include the offence established in section 153(1) PC (mere embezzlement involving a damage of not more than 3,000 euros) (art. 23 of the Convention);
Nixon himself was probably not bothered by the nature of the Chinese regime four decades ago.
Biennium amount in US$ (incl. 13 % PSC)
37. At its 754th meeting, on 19 June 2000, the Committee decided to defer consideration of the application of Global Peace Foundation pending further clarification regarding the relationship of this organization to Human Rights International Alliance and the nature of some of its initiatives.
Communities on drowning islands throughout the Pacific are faced with a looming homelessness crisis due to rising sea levels.
21. HRW noted that further efforts were needed to improve prison conditions.
[6 June 2008]
Furthermore, the Office would not be able to provide quality control tracking of mandate delivery by the human rights component, notably by providing support for the formulation of priorities, programmes and results-based budgeting, and the gap in capacity to promptly deploy human rights start-up teams would remain unaddressed.
[Original: Arabic]
Occupied area, Jabrayil district, Azerbaijan
Current transformer saturation has always been one of the major problems of degraded reliability of the transformer differential protection.
The qualifications for enrolment to vote are identical for both Houses.
1. The Conference of the Parties (COP), by its decision 1/CP.13 (the Bali Action Plan), launched a comprehensive process, to be conducted under the Ad Hoc Working Group on Long-term Cooperative Action under the Convention (AWG-LCA), to enable the full, effective and sustained implementation of the Convention through long-term cooperative action now, up to and beyond 2012, in order to reach an agreed outcome and adopt a decision at its fifteenth session.
Montenegro
Articles 145, 147, 151 and 173 bis of the Criminal Code establish the passive bribery of public officials as an offence.
23. At the 42nd meeting, on 21 July, the representative of Australia introduced a draft resolution entitled "Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system" (E/2003/L.24).
Conclusions and recommendations
He's trying to tell me who killed him.
Issue VAT invoice to customer for payment collection.
Findings from European Union countries have also shown that rapid and large rises in unemployment are often associated with short-term increases in suicides among working age men and women as well as in homicides.
As for Unit of work, only if does academic, other generally so long as no matter you are in the regular periodical article acknowledged.
Disarmament And International Security
She noted that her organization had not taken a final position on the IFRS for SMEs.
Telephone exchanges
UNEP/GC.23/3/Add.6/Rev.1 State of the environment and contribution of the United Nations Environment Programme to addressing substantive environmental challenges: Outcome of the International Meeting for the 10-year Review of the Barbados Programme of Action for the sustainable development of the Small Island Developing States and the role of the United Nations Environment Programme: Report of the Executive Director
You can expand each team and see the corresponding players on the teams' rosters.
However investigations on the cognitive move structure of TV talk show interviews are rarely found.
Article 66
iBase I
160. Similar to other countries, also Slovenia deals with many problems associated with different types of eating disorders (anorexia, bulimia and compulsive overeating), called women's disease since women account for 90 per cent of cases; the incidence of eating disorders is most frequent among women aged between 15 and 25.
45. A view was expressed that all the experts of the special procedures system should participate in the ceremony in New York commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
UN-Women will support the coordinated work of gender specialists to promote coherent United Nations system responses, stronger gender-equality outcomes in United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks and "One United Nations" programmes, and more systematic involvement of gender equality advocates;
You will be required to pay the Court costs for the Defendant.
The important thing is the stimulus package also increasingly includes large portion of the infrastructure support or the infrastructure investment.
Kratos, there is not much time, Olympus needs you.
Discount his stories of his daring exploits.
And clinicians may be unsure about which constraints are inviolate.
He is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Country-level evaluations, termed assessments of development results (ADRs) were carried out in Afghanistan, Algeria, Iraq, Kenya and Sierra Leone.
In fact, it may well already be dead.
He also drew the attention of the Council to the fact that more than 100 alleged pirates were awaiting trial in Kenya, requesting more cooperation and support from the international community.
Agenda item 63: Right of peoples to self-determination (continued)*
Appointment of members of the Working Group on Communications
Periodic progress reports on the implementation of the Compact prepared by the Joint Coordination and Monitoring Board will be made public.
The Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General who provided additional information.
The fact that the secretariat did not have an opportunity to comment on the draft has resulted in some comments that reiterate explanations given verbally to the internal auditors during their visit.
It was also noted that no progress had been made so far regarding modernizing and optimizing the balloting technology employed in the General Assembly Hall.
Because of the importance of their role, it was essential to ensure the security and safety of diplomatic and consular representatives so that they could perform their official functions smoothly, in a peaceful and conducive environment.
(c) Government of the Russian Federation (cobalt-rich crusts);
Rule 25. Withdrawal of proposals and motions. . 9
Finally, seeing that no one was coming, he turned and went back to his cab.
Sergi His racquet abuse fines were about US,000 last year.
We have just commemorated the tragic events of 11 September 2001, which shook the city of New York and indeed the whole world.
19. It was so decided.
The above estimate reflects these adjusted assumptions, which produce a higher result as compared with the previous calculation.
Mrs. Ndioro Ndiaye, Deputy Director General of the International Organization for Migration
The special rights of the indigenous peoples in the Territories must be guaranteed, protected and enhanced, and their traditions and culture respected.
It was therefore in the interests of Member States to engage in political, economic, military and technical cooperation.
OPPBA
2. The provisional agenda, prepared by the Executive Secretary in agreement with the Chair, will be presented for adoption (see the annex for the list of documents prepared under each agenda item).
As to paragraph 1(b), a proposal was that stakeholders of the debtor should be included among the categories possibly affected under a plan.
27. A results-oriented analysis of the 10 priority plans and 89 approved projects identified 13 outcomes that reflect the intended results of each of the four priority areas of the Fund.
Participants requested UNODC to publish and disseminate the commentary to Member States, within available extrabudgetary resources, not excluding the use of existing resources.
ANALYSIS OF WUYANDONG SUBTERRANEAN STREAM SYSTEM BY BP ANN IN LUOTA, HUNAN
Launch an awareness-raising campaign regarding the elimination of violence against women (Jordan);
Turn from Your burning anger and change Your mind about doing harm to Your people.
How are you getting by in these hard times?
Recognizing the limited data about the magnitude and nature of the problem, as well as its underlying causes, the WHO Department of Gender, Women and Health launched the WHO Multi-country Study on Women's Health and Domestic Violence in November 2005 so that effective preventive strategies can be developed.
Memantine: a New Drug for Treatment of Alzehemer's Disease
The United Nations has an important role to play in uniting the efforts of individual Members to create the necessary synergies to deal with those challenges.
(h) Endowment Fund.
In addition, China has signed the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism and has started the domestic procedure for the ratification to that convention and the Amendment to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
The Committee recognizes that forms of violence often co-occur and that they can span the categories used here for convenience.
`I'll smash it!
/ What work do you do in the StatesWhat work do you do in the States
Liberia also temporarily closed the border, except for humanitarian activities, and took steps to curb illegal mining activities in the border area given the suspected association of former combatants with illegal mining activities.
22. Also decides to remain seized of the matter and to consider further appropriate steps to be taken.
Hearing of representatives of Non-Self-Governing Territories
For example, if a couple fight all the time, they would be emotionally tired, which you can also call drained.
Ola Aina
15. The Mission will maintain its current strength of 300 civilian police monitors to be supported by 74 international staff, 133 local staff and 17 United Nations Volunteers.
informal consultations
For example, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East has been the main comprehensive primary health-care provider for Palestine refugees for the past 60 years and represents the most accurate source of information on their health status.
On the same day, at 3 p.m., he was arrested on undisclosed grounds by the presidential security services and taken to Camp Roux in Bangui.
The doctor have give her up but she make a remarkable recovery
UNOPS
1. Ensure that gender equality is enshrined as a principle in national constitutions.
Evaluation issue and recommendation 1
Mount Argus
The Council voted on the draft resolution on 13 July.
I'm Detective Stone. I need your help.
She did not think that the simple certification by the head of the substantive department concerned that there was an exigency allowed such control to be exercised, in view of the nature of the activities concerned.
The organization was instrumental in the participation of a significant number of parliamentarians in the major conferences of the United Nations between 1992 and 1995 (UNCED, ICPD and the World Summit for Social Development).
Dissemination of information on decolonization: draft resolution submitted by the Chair
In the final analysis, it is this system that allows Trace Laboratories to deliver the most important product of all...confidence.
admission one dollar
Sources: Ministry of Education, Vocational Training, Youth and Sports and Ministry of Culture and Higher Education.
132. In conclusion, the delegation emphasized that the Government was aware of its responsibility towards its citizens to improve the human rights situation and that it would continue its efforts until all forms of discrimination and violence were eradicated.
Dinner -- 5 p.m. onwards
According to Mr. Stelzer, currently the "education paradox" is more pronounced than ever -- with education serving equally as a high-speed escalator for those with it, and as a mighty roadblock for those without it.
The Old   Wise  Eagle told me stories about the things he saw with each new day.
As with R-717 systems in general, the main barriers are related to the minimal capacity required for cost-effectiveness and certain national regulation controlling installation.
20. The Technical Committee shall be responsible for advising the Director on the formulation of the programme of work and on other technical matters concerning the Centre's operations.
Today I have on my list of speakers the representatives of Egypt, Algeria, Italy, Venezuela, Japan, China and Indonesia - seven speakers in all.
Clear format of the current pivot table.
Another attractive feature of hierarchical PKIs is that it makes it easy to develop certification paths because they run in one direction only, from a user's certificate back to the trust point.
(f) Election procedures for the Permanent Committee on GIS Infrastructure for Asia and the Pacific.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to H.E. Mr. Yukio Takasu, Chairman of the Peacebuilding Commission.
(vii) Petrol and telephone expenses
Analyses labour rate, labour cost, efficiency and Mfg. Contribution.
He supported the idea of inherent jurisdiction over the core crimes, to be accepted by States by virtue of their becoming parties to the Statute.
The bathtub drain needs repairing.
Andong Province
Why did the man with only one hand cross the road?
Mr P. I. Ayewoh
His enthusiasm is enough to melt a heart of stone.
50. During the reporting period, the Asia-Pacific Regional Coordination Mechanism held one formal meeting, on 14 October 2011, chaired by the Deputy Secretary-General and held back-to-back with a meeting of the Asia-Pacific United Nations Development Group to enhance synergies.
VII. Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories 726 - 762 208
 14 North America is another attractive area for criminal organizations.
Lack of cooperation
(Japanese PM Visits Yasukuni Shrine) Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has paid another visit to the Yasukuni shrine in Tokyo that is seen by critics as a symbol of Japan's past military aggression.
This morning, the grandmother already started to old woman to make clothes, scarlet material, very expression.
In the bush a mother bird had built her nest.
He needs to fine down his theory a bit.
First session
560 Delila
An effective partnership with the Court is therefore indispensable.
Another problem is that within the German-speaking areas, the people speak a variety of German dialects called Swiss German, which is different from the Standard German (or High German) taught in schools.
My delegation welcomes the Secretary-General's intention to appoint a senior electoral officer and notes with satisfaction that the United Nations Humanitarian Assistance Coordination Office has become fully operational in discharging its responsibility for the coordination of humanitarian assistance as well as the reintegration aspects of demobilization.
Long-term collaboration between Canada and the United States continues on a variety of projects, for example, with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Extreme Environment Mission Operations project.
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW)
Ministers of Commerce of the People's Republic of China
3. The General Assembly also requested a more detailed analysis of the proposed establishment of an office in Entebbe.
Even if a State decides to adopt the non-unitary approach, in order to establish an efficient secured transactions law, it will be necessary to reorder a number of rules relating to retention-of-title rights and financial lease rights.
Difficulties in finding parking lots, and the cost of petrol and road tax all add to the driver' s worries.
As the shrew has perished, we are no longer bound by the anchor that has hung around our necks these last weeks.
Review of the outcome of the High-level Special Session of the Peacebuilding Commission on Sierra Leone
Report of the Secretary-General on international cooperation in combating transnational organized crime and corruption
How much do the vegetables cost?
Article 5
For as long as the Treaty has been in force, Syria and other Arab States have continued to demonstrate their good faith, relying on the good faith of the nuclear States too.
5 August 2001
While it takes note of the State party's reply that offenders under the age of 18 are subjected to protection and re-education measures, it emphasises that the Constitutional Court has been seized, by a person claiming to be a minor, with a case challenging a death sentence against the individual concerned.
357. The housing shortage is also reflected in the density of home occupation indicated by more than three people sharing one bedroom (Annexes, Fig. 26).
Those measures ranged from laws to policies and programmes.
Statements were made by the representatives of Ukraine and Belarus.
We are, in particular, perplexed by the methods of work of certain special procedures of the Commission on Human Rights, or, rather, the relevant Secretariat units that service its activities.
succulent herbs or small shrubs mostly of South Africa but also New Zealand and North America: carpetweeds; fig marigolds.
Hence an "IPSAS only" implementation option is discussed below.
The Committee is not completely convinced of the necessity for a provision of $12.9 million for alterations and improvements while the capital master plan is under way.
Diplomatic protection may not be exercised by the new State of nationality against a former State of nationality of the injured person in respect of an injury incurred when that person was a national of the former State of nationality and not the present State of nationality.
I would appreciate it if you could circulate the present letter and its annex as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 70 (a) "Promotion and protection of human rights: implementation of human rights instruments". (Signed) Alisher Vohidov
Information on the toxicity of beta-HCH is mostly derived from experimental studies in animals.
"I hope to be captain without that," said Dantès.
The discrepancy between the benefits and entitlements accorded such personnel and those received by staff members of the Secretariat sometimes causes tension among staff members serving in the same duty station;
In addition, the Meeting took note of the President-designate's request that interested delegations provide to him any additional comments in writing by 15 July 2004.
To that end, the Committee draws the attention of the State party to paragraph 5 of its general comment No. 2 (2007), in which it expressed the view that amnesties or other impediments which preclude or indicate unwillingness to provide prompt and fair prosecution and punishment of perpetrators of torture or illtreatment violate the principle of nonderogability.
the Minister of Industry and Trade in the Jan Krzysztof Bielecki government (1991);
The difference between potential and output comes from human qualities.
His car was intercepted by another carrying six Israeli undercover agents.
11 May 1998
Other projects are under way, and audiovisual equipment has been installed in 61 detention centres.
We shall follow the procedure for experiments as the book instructs.
My new shoes pinch.
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 25th meeting Conference Room 2
Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath
What is love?鈥?he thought.
Their loyalty helped cement their place as legends.
"Highway" means roads travelled on by motor vehicles between cities, between cities and the countryside and between various townships which have been checked and accepted by departments in charge of highways
61. The Deputy Executive Director (Programme) thanked the delegations for their comments and advice and was pleased to receive the Executive Board's endorsement for UNFPA to follow a step-by-step approach to SWAps.
UNMEE
But, as the recent spat between Russia and Ukraine demonstrated, the producer does not have sole control over the pipeline.
The government tried to reestablish the national sense of common interests and purpose.
Africa: New Agenda for Development
We exhort other States and regions in the world to follow the example of those States that have established nuclear-weapon-free zones.
analysis of verse into metrical patterns.
In 2003, Canada opened its markets to virtually all products from the least developed countries.
His leadership in building stands on the Acropolis of the Parthenon (Ictinus and Callicrates for designers), is still regarded as the art of ancient Greece, the highest achievement.
Photos of these scenes are included in Disparity Series exhibited in galleries around the United States.
Copies of sound recordings are available for sale. Orders are accepted by the Sound Archives Subunit (room GA-013C, ext. 3.7658 or 3.0673).
He obtained a string of wins.
Taking into account the advisory opinion rendered on 9 July 2004 by the International Court of Justice on the Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, and recalling in this regard General Assembly resolution ES10/15 of 20 July 2004,
Under-Secretary-General (USG) and Assistant Secretary-General (ASG) are terms used to describe a rank, a grade, and a level of appointment.
pxf Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal said the group could not agree to Israel's demand that it release captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit as part of the truce agreement unless Israel frees hundreds of Palestinian prisoners.
(b) Improvements to the system of General Service induction and career planning;
Delegations are kindly reminded that the list of candidates (an informal working paper) for the sixty-second session of the General Assembly and other information on elections and candidatures are available on CandiWeb at the following address: <https://secln069.un.org/candiweb>.
There has been an increase in the number of bombings, most notably in Damascus, Hama, Aleppo, Idlib and Deir ez-Zor.
An EMI analysis program is presented and an analysis of EMI coupling paths is made to address related problems in system design.
But it would be equally foolish to try to stop it altogether, as that could be achieved only by an application of State power so draconian that it would threaten the freedom, as well as the prosperity, of any country that resorted to it.
In comparison with the twenty years of war and totalitarianism under the previous regimes, progress has been made.
2. Ms. Gebre-Egziabher (Director of the UN-Habitat Office in New York), speaking on behalf of the Executive Director of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat), introduced the reports of the Secretary-General on the special session of the General Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) (A/57/271), on the strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) (A/57/272), and on the coordinated implementation of the Habitat Agenda (E/2002/48).
4. Recalls its endorsement, in its resolution 2066 (2012), of the Secretary-General's recommendation to decrease UNMIL's military strength by four infantry battalions and related enablers in three phases between August 2012 and July 2015, leaving UNMIL's military strength at approximately 3,750 personnel, by July 2015, subject to and consistent with conditions in the area of operations, and in that respect, authorizes the Secretary-General to implement the second phase reducing the military component by 1,129 personnel between October 2013 and September 2014;
Aluminum tank of pool type reactor is the only component that cannot be replaced.
There is also the possibility to continue their education in universities and many Bahais receive academic degrees every year.
He is now in Beijing on a construction site. Her mother, Ran Heping, has left three times.
My cousin suggested this brand and I have been so pleased!
During the first year, the centre was able to accept most of the requests for lectures, speeches and training as well as interview requests by the media.
Even if he convinced them intellectually, they'd be too afraid of their constituents to act on their beliefs.
5. Other business.
 It seems that in those cases in which non-governmental organizations are clearly able to complement the role of Governments in providing services, the results are promising and plans for further collaborative activities are under way.
Responsibility for:
Since late 1994, the central evaluation function has operated as part of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
All this shows that the major difference between the two views is whether to take weapons deployed in areas other than outer space which target outer space objects as space weapons.
Further details of the progress made in the individual cases is set out below.
Security sector reform has firmly entered into the Organization's peacekeeping, human rights, peacebuilding, conflict prevention, and development agendas.
The man at the gate said we had to pay admission
Only three agencies responded to requests for information on their accommodation costs.
Comment.
Subtotal, section 2
The daily rate of sickness allowance is a sum equivalent to four-fifths of the employee's average daily wages.
6. Commends the Director General and the secretariat of the Agency for their continuing, impartial efforts to implement the safeguards agreement still in force between the Agency and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, including their efforts to monitor the freeze of specified facilities in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea as requested by the Security Council, expresses concern about the continuing non-compliance of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea with the safeguards agreement, and urges the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to cooperate fully with the Agency in the implementation of the safeguards agreement and to take all steps the Agency may deem necessary to preserve all information relevant to verifying the accuracy and completeness of the initial report of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the inventory of nuclear material subject to safeguards until the Democratic People's Republic of Korea comes into full compliance with its safeguards agreement;
But where will you be when the prince and his bride say "I do"?
No
Should we use the layout we use for a letter when we write a memorandum?
In its resolution 1997/65, the Commission extended the mandate for one year and requested the Special Rapporteur to report to the Commission at its fifty—fourth session and to consider submitting a report to the General Assembly at its fifty—second session.
All members work together to try to solve problems in todays economies.
They require two key characteristics:They seem to have clear deadlines (but really dont). They seem awfully important (but really arent).
Participants agreed on the need to improve coordination among the different international and regional organizations so as to reduce the additional workload on the national offices responsible for assisting the international organizations and avoid the confusion derived from the dissemination of what were sometimes inconsistent indicators.
Noting the potential of the StAR initiative for facilitating asset recovery, he stressed the need for clarity on how technical assistance under the StAR initiative was funded and stated that the Working Group was opposed to any form of external monitoring of the use of recovered assets, as that was regarded as being intrusive.
You know I was trying to get rid of you, but you stayed13
We note with concern the negative image of nuclear watchdog that many mass media have given to the Agency, which actually distorts its mandate in verification and safeguards matters.
522. The Committee also emphasizes that full and effective implementation of the Convention is indispensable for achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
United Nations country team members have three shared priorities: support to government institution-building, decentralization and gender equity.
17. Law No. 4 of 29 January 1999 is the instrument regulating and establishing the policy governing the Panamanian State's treatment of women, based on the principle of "no discrimination on the basis of sex, equality before the law, equity, protection of human rights, equal opportunity and treatment, and condemnation of all forms of violence"; as mandated by the regional and international instruments on the subject ratified by our country:
11. The information disseminated by the United Nations should reflect the fundamental concerns of Member States.
At the same time management costs have declined from 8 per cent to somewhere between 2.5 and 3.5 per cent.
On the positive side, the Inspectors note that at the United Nations, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the World Health Organization (WHO) and WIPO the audit plans are sent to the executive heads only for information.
United Nations standards of conduct
(d) Improvements and major maintenance of premises: there may be security-related requirements in various duty stations, in particular in the regional commissions, under section 31, for regular ongoing major maintenance and replacement of the security physical structures due to life span (the proposals addressed in A/56/848 cover only the upgrades/expansions of security infrastructures, not regular alterations/maintenance).
This poses imminent dangers to the peoples of those countries, due to many factors.
History of Indonesia
Advertising is an art of persuasion, but also feelings of communication medium.
1 P-3, 1 P-5
Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Rest unclogs our 18 th n substitute af.
Attention is also drawn to the fact that in spite of the ongoing dialogue with the paramilitaries, these groups appear in 92 per cent of cases involving risk reports.
67. The first phase of the project was finished during the year.
Arab Fund For Economic and Social Development
Yes, so much So much has been happening.
Conclusions and observations
A good wife health is a man"s best wealth.
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the open constructive dialogue held between the delegation and the members of the Committee.
III. A way forward
1. At its 8th and 11th meetings, on 5 and 6 June 2014, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered programme 27, Jointly financed activities, of the proposed strategic framework for the period 2016-2017 (A/69/6 (Prog. 27)).
I - did not know what I was doing.
The shortcomings of the Millennium Development Goals to embody human rights and to achieve indigenous peoples' economic, social and cultural rights must inform the new generation of sustainable development goals.
Expenditure/disbursements
• The Council, in its management function, should provide more effective guidance to its functional commissions and particularly to the executive boards of the funds and programmes that are responsible, together with specialized agencies and all other partners, for facilitating conference implementation at the country level.
The ambiguous legal basis was identified as one of the main obstacles hindering the efficiency of the national preventive mechanism.
Bridges completed in 1948
80. The absence of any response by the public authorities responsible for the provision of information is also critical.
FFW
DON BRADLEY: After university I came to Europe to have a short holiday.
Information in that regard should be made available in schools and other appropriate institutions.
The SBSTA invited Parties to provide, by 15 August 1998, for compilation into a miscellaneous document, their views regarding:
23. States parties should provide a safe and supportive environment for adolescents, that ensures the opportunity to participate in decisions affecting their health, to build life skills, to acquire appropriate information, to receive counselling and to negotiate the healthbehaviour choices they make.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603, tel.: (212) 963-9196).
The Committee added that it had made clear that, where State authorities or others acting in an official capacity or under colour of law knew or had reasonable grounds to believe that acts of torture or ill-treatment were being committed by non-State officials or private actors and they failed to exercise due diligence to prevent, investigate, prosecute and punish such non-State officials or private actors in accordance with the Convention, the State bore responsibility and its officials should be regarded as authors, complicit or otherwise responsible under the Convention for consenting to or acquiescing in such impermissible acts.
Another artillery shell and four anti-tank rounds were fired by IDF towards Fatima gate, near Metulla, and a total of 14 aerial bombs were dropped near Kafr Kila, Ghajar and Shab'a.
At the ninth session of the Conference, member States of UNCTAD invited the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to "consult with the Working Party during the preparation of the work programme and budget from the earliest possible stage" (TD/377).
Moreover 387 women were supported in the starting up of their enterprises.
During the last six months, UNDOF assisted in the crossing of 903 students and 456 pilgrims.
Extra fine machining circuit provides  20％  faster cycletime than that on a conventional EDM.
C. Oral report on the knowledge management and research functions of UNICEF (item 5)
Regulations to The Education Act require that school boards provide appropriate services for students with disabilities.
30. Venezuela welcomed the efforts of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to strengthen the Organization's activities in that field, particularly measures to restructure the Centre for Human Rights. Her delegation would support the draft resolution to be submitted under agenda item 110 (e).
IUCN urges States, through regional fisheries management organizations, to take on a greater responsibility for ensuring that the principles in the International Plan of Action for Sharks are fully implemented.
Resolutions 1962 (2010) and 1981 (2011)
(a) Prohibition of the new Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD);
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 55/6).
In addition, operational efficiencies were gained in view of the reduction in the number of empty flight legs.
The bank raised lending rates by the same margin in April.
147. The Board considers that the findings of the Division for Oversight Services reflect deficiencies in the areas concerned and the Board underscores the need for UNFPA to address those deficiencies.
Failure is the mother of success.
156. Little Inter-American Court of Human Rights jurisprudence addressing the issue of the right of non-citizens has been located.
They were in the fridge.
Bailed me out of more trouble than he'd like to remember.
Noting the progress reported by Botswana toward establishing and operating a licensing system,
Wash your hands before you handle my books, please.
The United States was present at the Conference but abstained from voting on the Convention.
In February 1993, the National People's Congress Standing Committee adopted the Supplementary Regulations on Punishing Criminal Counterfeiting of Registered Trademarks to further intensify punishment for such counterfeiting and other infringements.
He called on the developed countries to liberalize their markets for service providers of the least developed countries under mode 4 of the General Agreement on Trade in Services.
The microorganisms used in fermentations are notable in that they produce large amounts of enzymes.
Some people believe that medical service should be run by the government only. Others believe that private health-care companies should also be allowed to run medical service
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 April 2001 from Mr. Humam Abd al-Khaliq Abd al-Ghafur, Minister of Information and Acting Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Iraq, concerning the delimitation of the continental shelf between Iran and Kuwait.
The murder of United Nations staff members working in humanitarian programmes in Afghanistan and the Sudan this past year is a tragic reminder of the fragile status of the United Nations humanitarian presence in turbulent areas (see figure 12).
Reduced requirements were also attributable to the use of local Internet service providers in Kenya, which resulted in the non-commissioning of certain satellite requirements, as well as to the delayed establishment of satellite Internet services in Mogadishu owing to the security situation.
The city has a real buzz.
eg: The old man made out a cheque for ten thousand pounds as a wedding present for Hughie and Laura.
7. In August 2005 Israel withdrew its settlers and armed forces from Gaza.
(f) Travel of three staff members, including the military adviser, in midJanuary 2015 for 10 working days to update the information;
The Ministry of Health has provided preventive services since 1993. However, these services still do not reach all targeted women due primarily to the low level of awareness among women of the importance of conducting such examinations and the inconvenience of having to return for periodic examinations.
I suggest that vox populi be established so that even the very consideration of getting involved in bribery will be accompanied with a strong feeling of being guilty.
35. One success story involves the United Nations Dialogue with the Global South.
The self-discipline I am talking about is the kind where you use your internal will power to choose something better for yourself.
Suggestions included retaining existing Economic and Social Council and General Assembly follow-up meetings, while modifying their timing and formats to attract higher level participation through inter alia more focused discussion and more effective use of time while avoiding any duplication.
The total number and types of MOTAPMs laid, the date and time of laying and the self-destruction time periods shall also be recorded.
Wash hands immediately after handling chicken, ducks, etc. or pet birds or their droppings.
Production properties and application of fungal laccase
The Council proceeded to vote on draft resolution S/2008/486, submitted by Belgium, Burkina Faso, France and South Africa, and adopted it unanimously as resolution 1826 (2008).
(5) While welcoming the State party's innovative approach to the education of Roma children, including the introduction of Roma teaching assistants and the gradual phasing-out of separate education, the Committee notes with concern that many Roma children do not attend or remain in school and do not pursue higher education.
(c) Implementing programmes assisting SMEs in general, and agro-industries in particular, to meet their energy needs from renewable energy resources, especially energy derived from waste generated in these industries, and to help in reducing their dependency on fossil fuels;
The Aberdeen Group wrote that NDS for NT, the same product running on NT, even obviates the need for Microsoft's Active Directory, which is good, because it doesn't exist yet
You may leave.
Bigger is not always better - particularly when it's a bigger bag of unhealthy snack food.
They have also organized awareness-raising lectures and seminars and produced plays on the marriage age and family relations, as well as campaigns to amend the Act on personal status in such a way as to guarantee the same rights for husbands and wives.
3. Mandatory age of separation
Similar bases of the PLA SAF all have such sports fields.
Net requirements 48 089.3 47 873.4 215.9 0.4
We hope that this will serve as encouragement to others.
Mohall, North Dakota
As in previous discussions, it is the expectation of my delegation that the views being expressed here, especially on the report of the Security Council, will be taken into account by the members of the Council.
92. Ms. Booker (Bahamas) said that, as the debate developed, the only "increase" to be observed was in the number of votes in favour of the proposed amendment.
The picture is mixed.
Consequently, the campaign has given results: the target groups has reconsidered their and their children's food consumption through diminishing the amount of fat, sugar and soft drinks.
What is the deadline for application?
Harry's ribs ached, he felt lightheaded with hunger, but he lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until his throat was raw.
Realignment of the existing central divider of the Island Eastern Corridor between Man Hong Street and the Eastern Harbour Crossing to provide an additional westbound lane;
Mogendorf
The bad weather conspired with some other unpleasant causes to ruin our picnic.
An unlucky combination of "vulnerable" genes could explain why some people recover from the flu overnight and others struggle to shake off the virus for weeks.
The transport ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) signed, on 20 September 2002, Protocol No. 9 to the ASEAN Framework Agreement on the Facilitation of Goods in Transit.
Proposed adjustments to the programme and budgets.
III. Programmatic achievements
From 3 to 5.30 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Regarding paragraphs 401 and 402 of the remarks and recommendations of the Committee with respect to the fifth periodic report of the Russian Federation
The court considered this kind of privatization as a unilateral act by the employer, especially threatening both the individual workers and the workers' organization at the place of work.
The Senior Evaluation Officer at the P-5 level will be transferred to the Planning and Evaluation Unit, and will act as Chief of the Unit.
There were working group presentations on productivity and efficiency measures, the status of temporary and casual workers, and the gap between the education system and the labour market.
Sauvignon blanc
64. While developing States were forced to take food out of the mouths of their peoples in order to pay their contributions, the Organization had still not learned its lesson about dubious resource management and murky procurement practices.
The meeting was suspended.
The closure system comprises a series of checkpoints and physical obstacles placed by the Israel Defense Forces to control and restrict Palestinian pedestrian and vehicle traffic.
Ms Carroll has been working for Alcan since 1988 and has run most of the group's divisions, including raw materials, packaging and primary metal.
IV. Transparency in the work of the Committee
In the view of Okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of American forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by US troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old Japanese girl by three US servicemen in 1995.
And yet, the biblical understanding of wilderness, wilderness was set apart from the land, that was the distinction.
46. In the Sudan, the General Directorate for Women and Family Affairs within the Ministry of Welfare and Social Development is responsible for tenth-anniversary preparations.
""Good boy.
It was noticeable, however, that the Division had recently experienced difficulty in meeting all such requests promptly, the Gambia being a case in point.
45. In addition, based on invoices for six of the projects submitted by UNDP, the lead United Nations agency for the construction of common premises on the projects, there were substantial cost overruns, ranging from 29 to 287 per cent over the contract price.
For example, Articles 6 and 8 of the Constitution of Liberia affirms the Government and the people of Liberia's stance on the full equality of women and men.
Governments, trade unions, workers and employers all have a role to play in promoting decent work for all, and all should help young people to gain access to needed skills and employment opportunities, including in new and emerging sectors.
If they cannot even marshal a couple of schoolkids at home, why should one allow them to lead thousands of workers
And it would be a great help too if you can offer me some interesting materials in Chinese allowing me to translate them into English.
2. An inter-institutional working group was set up for the preparation of the present report.
Through various measures, such as providing free farm tools and production capital, reducing and exempting agricultural and animal husbandry taxes, and issuing interest-free or low-interest loans, the Chinese government has made remarkable achievements in supporting the rural economic development of the areas inhabited by minority peoples (see Table 4).
All these have helped further development of Sino-US economic and trade ties.
In February 2002, the Department of Women's Affairs organized two training workshops for potential female candidates in Port Vila and Luganville to prepare them for the General Elections in May funded by the NZ Government and UNIFEM.
Totti is an integral part of Italy coach Marcello Lippis World Cup plans, and now looks set to boost his match fitness in the final league game of the season on Sunday.
Strong support was expressed for the science-policy role played by the Global Environment Outlook (GEO) and greater access to science-based information through an approach like UNEP-Live, especially for Member States asking for support for their efforts to strengthen their scientific institutions.
" "She's so lucky to be a real person.
18. Fungi are important in the process of decay, which returns ingredients to the soil, enhances soil fertility, and decomposes animal debris
The Group is currently investigating several apparent cases of weapons being delivered to Ituri through Uganda.
Permission to speak on a motion to reconsider shall be accorded to only two speakers opposing reconsideration, after which the motion shall be immediately put to the vote.
2. A State Party ...
Cyberbullying and grooming in the digital space were also issues of key concern.
According to a comprehensive survey by the Global Marine Species Assessment (GMSA) published Thursday in Science, one-third of the more than 700 species of reef-building corals are threatened with extinction
(d) Persons who are not nationals of The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and who do not hold a permanent residence permit.
Report of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice on its seventeenth session and provisional agenda and documentation for its eighteenth session
Its activities include conferences during the sessions of the Commission for Social Development, opportunities for public and private partnerships and international student design competitions.
For the rest of us, it is more realistic and healthy to sleep at night as best we can and then take naps as needed.
His experts know that this is a premium support program.
The southern Chinese city is spearheading a global relief drive.More than $46 million in international aid is on its way to China to help with relief efforts following the earthquake that rocked southwestern Sichuan province on Monday
Mary: So do I.
As it is expected that the need for administrative support will remain, it is proposed that the temporary arrangement be regularized by redeploying the post of Secretary (national General Service) from the Office of the Force Commander to function as Administrative Assistant, and by reassigning the post of Interpreter (national General Service) from the Personnel Section to function as Administrative Assistant.
During this reporting period the Ministry of Defence in the Netherlands was faced with a number of incidents in the area of undesirable conduct and sexual intimidation.
"Vocational training and income-generating support" refers to activities aimed at providing participants with the skills and opportunities needed to engage in meaningful employment and sustainably support themselves and their families.
Under Malian law, a detainee is entitled to legal counsel as from the preliminary investigation phase.
Land, just like the sand, warms up more quickly than water but it also loses its heat more quickly.
Finally, price subsidies are a fiscally costly approach to protecting poor households because a high proportion of the benefits from low food and fuel prices accrue to higher-income groups, reflecting the higher shares of these groups in total consumption.
At 60 years of age
2. Increases
We observe similar attitudes in discussions about the enlargement of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the European Union.
These people are reclusive and had their emotions hidden within them
 Reference was also made to the figures recently issued by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) for 1993 which showed a decline of ODA both in percentage and absolute terms between 1992 and 1993.
Benefiting from aquatic ecosystems: Services provided by ecosystems are recognized and valued as part of sustainable development and the benefits are shared equitably;
[21 September 1994]
137. The Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration between 2004 and 2007 was a woman.
Tunisia
These are detailed below.
In half an hour Jimmy went downstairs and walked through the cafe. He was now dressed in an elegant new suit, and carried his cleaned suitcase in his hand.
It will, step by step, change the current situation of relying too heavily on spot trading of crude oil, encourage the signing of long-term supply contracts with foreign companies, and promote the diversification of trading channels.
3. Regional training needs assessment
Azerbaijan
C. Membership and attendance 5 7 10
Porpoises and sharks are natural enemies.
There is a 4 year old autistic boy in my son's preschool.
The U. S. economy is in what former Federal Reserve governor Laurence Meyer describes as a 'danger zone, ' close to if not in recession.
The European Union is currently preparing joint actions to provide financial support for IAEA and OPCW projects.
There it causes havoc in the Oort Cloud, a huge region surrounding the solar system that contains billions of bits of cosmic rubble left over from the formation of planets.
Department of Political Affairs
" I want you to take Snow White into the forest and kill her.
 As in previous years, it was not possible to have a unified draft resolution on this issue.
The Head of Delegation reported that a project management team was being established to conduct an audit of all international treaties to which they were party, with a view to identifying reporting obligations while welcoming offers of technical assistance.
Resolution 49/6
2. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/162, the Council is to elect, at its resumed organizational session for 2013, 11 members of the Executive Board from among States Members of the United Nations or members of the specialized agencies or of the International Atomic Energy Agency, for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2014, to fill the vacancies that will occur on 31 December 2013 upon the expiration of the terms of the following members: Antigua and Barbuda, China, Colombia, Estonia, Finland, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Namibia, Russian Federation, Switzerland.
The author alleges that she was discriminated against on the basis of her immigration status and because she was not under the Interim Federal Health Program (IFHP).
But Syrian oppositionists must recognize that the lack of decisive international action is not only the result of Russia and China vetoing any meaningful action in the Security Council, or NATO countries’ unwillingness to enter into another war in the region.
And no less important, there is nothing to justify that we, the current members of the CD, should exclude other countries that are equally committed to disarmament and peaceful international relations from membership.
Specific attention should be paid to encouraging girls to study science and technical disciplines.
All the position above will be adjusted according to the specific situations.
For several decades, egregious human rights abuses in that country had been extensively documented by various actors, including United Nations entities.
The Asia Pacific Centre for Military Law at the University of Melbourne Law School was invited to prepare this Report by the Australian Department of Defence.
The finance minister says weak infrastructure, particularly the country's air and sea ports, is the most glaring problem inhibiting growth.
(Agenda item 2 (a))
Appreciation of art, improve the level of exercise, and perseverance, edify has a lot of help. To further.
133. United Nations common system.
To withhold ( a televised event or program ) from a broadcast area.
Adjusted opening balance as at 1 January 2012
As of end August 2013, 40 per cent of all RCs originated from a non-UNDP entity, up from just 32 per cent in 2009 and only 28 per cent in 2004.
Ensuring that the mechanisms comply with international human rights standards;
Sixty years later, the anachronism of the veto is even more pronounced, as is the desirability of eliminating the veto in the future.
Gratia, Teleorman
Atomic force microscopy (AFM) has been widely used to investigate structures and mechanical properties of materials on surfaces.
The study is significant because the prospect of cord-cutting has deeply worried television executives.
This was mainly a rate of the ink to overprint.
December 2011 Minister Counsellor, Permanent Mission of the Republic of Korea to the United Nations in New York
 This situation has continued to deteriorate because of the crisis provoked by the growing increase of the debt burden, which is a threat not only to the economic and social development of developing countries but also to their very survival.
These organizations often work with different target groups, depending on the aim of their organization; the elderly, indigenous peoples, women, refugees, children and Islamic associations were specifically mentioned.
Lina Muhammad Mahmoud Shalhoub
Marlow, behind me, alleyway.
Raising awareness of the role and capacity of public-private partnerships for upscaling pro-poor shelter and related infrastructure;
The deficient of world energy resource directly restricts the development of the world economy.
However, the courts will, when possible, construe domestic legislation in such a way as to avoid incompatibility with international treaties that apply to Hong Kong.
The teacher spends some time talking with the students every day.
the best thing to deel with a urgent thing is to keep calm.
Principle 2. To retain trust in official statistics, the statistical agencies need to decide according to strictly professional considerations, including scientific principles and professional ethics, on the methods and procedures for the collection, processing, storage and presentation of statistical data.
Those involved in crimes are to be investigated for their criminal liability according to law.
The SBI may wish to return to the consideration of these matters perhaps at SBI 26 (May 2007), after further progress has been achieved.
62. Covering such areas as the international settlement of disputes by peaceful means, international protection of the environment, and diplomatic and consular relations, the indicative list of treaties referred to in draft article 7 in no way implied any order of importance and rightly reflected obligations that should not be subject to suspension in cases of armed conflict owing to the value of the principles concerned and their importance to the international community.
A. International protection of children of concern
Ms. Olofsson (Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden) said that the issues to be discussed at the Conference were highly relevant at a time when climate change and security of energy supply dominated the world's political agenda and economic growth and poverty reduction still needed to be pursued.
The Community of Latin American and Caribbean States expresses its solidarity with President Morales and with the sister nation of Bolivia.
82. Protection of Older Persons: The Department of Gender and Social Services, under the Ministry of Gender, Children and Social Development, has the mandate to develop and implement policies that promote the rights and welfare of older persons.
Abbreviations: UNDP, United Nations Development Programme; UNICEF, United Nations Children's Fund; UNFPA, United Nations Population Fund; UNOPS, United Nations Office for Project Services.
La Rioja
The UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules (1976) and the UNCITRAL Model Arbitration Law (1985), for example, had become the universal standards against which arbitration rules and national laws on international arbitration were assessed and modelled.
Thirty-third session
"1. Approves the Declaration on the basic conditions and standard criteria for the introduction and implementation of sanctions and other coercive measures, the text of which is annexed to the present resolution;
49. UNODC has lead awareness-raising initiatives to widely disseminate the information on the conduct of the study to Member States, including through the holding of several side events in the margins of the twenty-second session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.
16. MSA was defined as the total contribution of the Organization towards living expenses incurred in the field in connection with special mission assignment.
The group has undertaken a review of research on the potential for harmful effects of biofouling of ships on the marine environment, human health, property and resources and has commenced development of draft interim practical guidance for minimizing such effects, with a view to the eventual adoption of specific guidelines by the Marine Environment Protection Committee.
200 000a
If you stop to feel the rose with your nose when you are so busy, The world is not stopping because of this.
B I'd like to buy some presents for my children.
Improvement of school facilities in the camp;
 Attached is France's contribution to the consideration of this important question (see annex).
right personnel around the ideological consciousness of moral quality and asking too much.
The view was expressed that the expert groups should take into consideration in their deliberations the work done under existing mandates and ongoing operations of other subsidiary bodies of the Subcommittee, as well as in the context of other bodies.
You're right. You're right.
Science seems to be taking the mystery, and therefore the holiness, out of the universe.
Such an initiative deserves encouragement.
34. Emphasizes that the United Nations information centres, as the "field voice" of the Department of Public Information, should promote public awareness and mobilize support for the work of the United Nations at the local level, and recognizes the appeal made by the Secretary-General to the host Governments of United Nations information centres to facilitate the work of the centres in their countries by the provision of rent-free or rent-subsidized office space, while taking into account the economic condition of the host Governments and bearing in mind that such support should not be a substitute for the full allocation of financial requirements for the United Nations information centres in the context of the programme budget of the United Nations;
Valve size and figure number.
Such case is also applied to those male workers who have weak labor.
 Formulated as an outcome of the ILO multidisciplinary advisory mission to Lebanon in February and March 1993, the project is expected to commence operations shortly.
"She must be a princess then.
Speakers are therefore encouraged, whenever possible, to provide copies of their statements, as early as possible in advance of delivery, to the Conference Officer in the Chamber.
The Organization had undertaken many bold endeavours and implemented changes which had not always met with universal
The following is proposed text for an amendment to the Montreal Protocol to control HFCs:
The G-77 and China proposed
17. An airport is planned on Saint Helena.
We commend the steps that have since been taken, including the diplomatic and material support provided by other Governments to facilitate implementation of those agreements.
Report of the Secretary-General
Those subsidiary bodies addressed issues of priority in drug law enforcement in their regions and reviewed progress made in the implementation of recommendations made at previous sessions.
The top five donors in 2012 were Sweden, ($10.3 million), MasterCard Foundation ($6.5 million), One UN Fund (multi-donor, $6.3 million), Belgium ($5.8 million) and the European Commission ($4.3 million).
 No one has ever called into question the need for a continued commitment to the principles that gave birth to the United Nations.
(c) Air transportation ($1,259,300), attributable to the increase in the cost of fuel (from the actual average cost of $0.82 per litre compared to the budgeted $0.53 per litre) and the increase in fuel consumption due to an increase in the number of shuttle flights to and from Beirut for security reasons.
Subprogramme 4. Technology and logistics
 52. UNESCO states that meetings on indigenous issues are not being systematically scheduled, although several consultations have been held since 1991, either at headquarters or within the member States.
Yahoo was an early exploiter of the internet but its skills were in media not technology.
The Committee is concerned that the initiative to introduce restraining orders has not been effective in providing protection to women victims of domestic violence.
5. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-seventh session the item entitled "Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control".
Conditions of grossly unequal bargaining power can result in unjust transactions between indigenous peoples and others and may result in exploitation of resources in a manner very harmful to the indigenous people concerned.
to web contents of the legitimate website such as contact us, privacy or disclaimer to trick the visitors.
"The second act's being begun again.
Kinds of high pressure, larger caliber oil gas product lines.
As of 10 February 2006, all the positions had been advertised.
Particular attention should be directed to eliminating gender disparities in all sectors and at all levels of the workforce and to addressing discrimination and allowing for equal access to educational, training and employment opportunities, with equal pay.
President
The No.2 building company has contracted to build the hotel.
Note: G77 proposes to move elements from the last part of paragraph 83, from "build on initiatives", to a new paragraph 83 bis as follows:
Article 33 of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War; article 53 of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War; article 53 of Additional Protocol I to the Geneva Conventions;
Decisions taken by the Assembly on these proposals will be integral to the implementation of the programme of work for the biennium 2008-2009.
22. The gender impact assessment tool could play a decisive role but needed to be further refined, for example by addressing religious issues, and its use should be made compulsory.
The international community has frequently stated that it rejects the maintenance of the sanctions unilaterally imposed on Cuba and the Helms-Burton Act, which exceeds the jurisdiction of national legislation and encroaches on the sovereignty of other States that deal with Cuba.
Film genre film combines great deal of suffering, hatred, bloodshed, elegant Gothic elements and so on.
Maribor Water Tower
out of work If he is out of work, there is nobody could support the whole family.
Mount Rushmore Ranger Nav Singh said security warnings and tourists alerted officials when the banner was unrolled.
"Parties to armed conflict to take the necessary measures to protect and meet the basic needs of the conflictaffected population
The shadowy figures of what might be called the “rearguard of terrorism” could be acting from any country, and the sources of financing were equally international.
2001: Human Rights Challenges to the New International Criminal Court: The Search and Seizure Right to Privacy, Yale Journal of International Law, Vol. 26, pp. 323-412.
I shall now suspend the meeting for a couple of minutes in order to escort the First Deputy Minister of Ukraine.
Original brand manufacturer
Source: National Commission on the Care and Social Reintegration of Children Victims of Trafficking (CNAREVT).
The share of total household income from hired labour was 25.1 per cent, and that of non-monetary income - 22.7 per cent.
Therefore this period is a rapid development age for the trade between the Northeast of China region and Japan .
He suggests you hop over to the magical island.
45. Farmers were able to utilize the benefits of modern technology to enhance the structural integrity of their traditional wells.
5 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 4 (NLB)
2008-12-10 to go on the stump :to throw one's hat in the ring To throw one's hat in the ring-1: "A former senator from Massachusetts named Paul Tsongas was the first Democrat to throw his hat in the ring for this year's presidential election.
More than one year
A. Peacekeeping operations
If the translator rigidly adheres to the original form and content in advertising translation, the translation may not produce the persuasive effect and may lead to a total failure.
INTERNATIONAL STAFF: 78
 28. The view was stated that the purpose of the optional protocol would determine whether only one, or both procedures, would be needed.
though telecomputer has a lot of advantages,it cant do any creative work.it cant replace human.
In accordance with the provisions of Article 2 of this Law, state secrets shall include the following: (1) secrets concerning major policy decisions on state affairs; (2) secrets in the building of national defence and in the activities of the armed forces; (3) secrets in diplomatic activities and in activities related to foreign countries as well as secrets to be maintained as commitments to foreign countries; (4) secrets in national economic and social development; (5) secrets concerning science and technology; (6) secrets concerning activities for safeguarding state security and the investigation of criminal offences; and (7) other matters that are classified as state secrets by the state secret-guarding department.
We have got people in Rotterdam that are buying shear nuts from Mali. We have got people in Yemen that are buying organic fertilizer from Nigeria.
These additional resources could be obtained from various sources, including special contributions to existing sources of finance.
Pregnant women must give their informed consent and sign a document agreeing to the test or refusing it.
they go in and out a bit, don't they?
5. Mobilization of support and resources for the Mauritius Strategy took place at different levels and through a variety of channels, including through the advocacy of his Office at multilateral forums and his direct high-level contacts with donors and other actors.
Drugs offences: 4
Such a process entails providing information through multiple channels, enabling participation in transparent and inclusive processes, ensuring that funds are appropriately spent on interventions that are needed and strengthening the capacities of individuals and civil society to engage (ibid.).
3.1 Enhanced public law and order and the creation of sustainable operational capacity of the national police service in Liberia
In June 2009, the Council reviewed the paper so presented and approved the recommendations set out therein, in particular:
2. Legal Aid Council of Nigeria initiatives on human rights
72. Ms. Kaplan (Israel) said that recent events illustrated the detrimental effect of the dilution of the laws of armed conflict and of the distinction between civilians and combatants on which those laws were based.
He thought of the coffin, and it hit him all at once—the dark and the stupid helplessness he felt.
Once the reform is completed, judges would be selected through a transparent and competitive process that includes a qualification examination.
Shown in laboratory tests to protect cartilage cells from breakdown.
Have a look whether who missed the call, chance and see whether the message, but familiar wallpaper, tell me: no!
In addition, the Mission had to balance the needs of individual employees in securing alternative employment and arrangements for ending employment, with the resource requirements of the Mission during liquidation.
Students, is a strong patriotic national spirit, but also a sense of responsibility to revitalize the Chinese nation.
When the firemen arrived the whole building was blazing.
When you have prioritized using this rule just write down the top 3 most important things you need to do that day. Then, from the top, start doing them.
 15. However, several delegations noted that important recent developments regarding the movement of refugees were not reflected in the concise report, although some were mentioned in the full report.
The Board also understands that the United Nations Office at Nairobi is reviewing those balances and is working with UNEP to reconcile and clear them by the end of 2012. Table II.4
The situation of the Republic of China should be addressed to ensure participation in the work and activities of our organization and its agencies as a valued member of the international community.
The first meeting of the Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee and the first meeting of the parties to the Protocol will be held in Cuba, from 24 to 29 September 2001.
Contributions to the trust fund to support United Nations peacekeeping-related efforts amounted to $2.1 million, with expenditures authorized in the amount of $1.1 million.
6. Decides that, taking into account the voluntary contributions of the Government of Kuwait, two thirds of the cash balance available as at 30 June 2005 in the amount of 27,844,700 dollars shall be returned to the Government of Kuwait;
 This would be a harsh boomerang against the very authors of the measures.
Intensive work has been ongoing since 2012 to prepare the motion.
43. The overall operational requirements for 2012 of $4,526,500 reflect an increase of $645,100 compared with the resources approved for 2011.
Königswinter
4. Encourages the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to continue and develop its cooperation with the United Nations, its specialized agencies and other organizations in addressing the need for rehabilitation and reconstruction;
Not so long ago this room, with its Arabic texts and Webster's dictionary, was for studious children. Now it is home to prisoners of war.
Cuddalore
Norwalk, Connecticut
The Council shall consider and approve arrangements to facilitate collaboration between the GEF and the UNCCD and among countries with respect to affected countries, particularly Africa; and
Maria Larsson, Minister for Elderly Care and Public Health of Sweden
" "Article 238 If an international treaty concluded or acceded to by the People's Republic of China contains provisions that differ from provisions of this Law, the provisions of the international treaty shall apply, except those on which China has made reservations.
It further recommends that the State party ensure that the understanding of indirect discrimination encompasses sex-based discrimination as well as other forms of discrimination that women may face.
2. Takes note of the status of contributions to the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia as at 30 April 2006, including the contributions outstanding in the amount of 16.8 million United States dollars, representing some 6 per cent of the total assessed contributions, notes with concern that only thirty-three Member States have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States, in particular those in arrears, to ensure payment of their outstanding assessed contributions;
Other individual interviews were conducted and additional information collected through questionnaires.
In addition, Belarus reported that it was performing the necessary procedures with Ukraine to sign an intergovernmental cooperation agreement to combat the illegal import and export of cultural property.
Identical letters dated 7 October (S/1998/929) from the representative of Afghanistan addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council, transmitting a letter of the same date from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council.
In addition, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, UNDP, UNEP, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), and WFP with the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction secretariat should build a joint programme for early warning, drawing on existing capacities of funds, programmes and specialized agencies.
Total expenditure (schedule 6.1)
(d) Regulation of the Minister of the Environment of 29 July 2004 on the Admissible Noise Levels in the Environment.
Villefort shuddered at the suggestion; but he had gone too far to draw back.
(i) Expanding consultation and cooperation with regional organizations and countries in the region, not only in thematic, public meetings, but also in private meetings;
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the two countries discussed the issue in the margins of the ECOWAS summit in Yamoussoukro on 28 February.
Reaffirming the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations regarding the maintenance of international peace and security,
(c) The Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction, 1997;
In the midst of another record-setting fire season, maybe its time for the fire service to take the interface battle to legislators and insurers.
50. The wording of draft article 28 was rather imprecise.
E. Economy 5
 Regional instruments for preventing and dealing with conflicts are being developed.
Our customers need the goods, be sure your within the period stipulated in the contract delivery.
Those men why not make good use of their resources around?
6. Humanitarian assistance: $967,900
Now can thought ever be free from its limitation? It can't.
s territorial land, inland waters, territorial seas and territorial airspace are inviolable.
The 72-year-old Nobel Laureate acknowledged that the more radical Tibetans favor violent confrontation with China.
At its 3rd meeting, the SBSTA considered and adopted joint conclusions under this agenda sub-item and sub-item 12(a) as outlined in paragraphs 97 - 101 above
However, during divorce process, the dividends earned by the spouses from their joint company may be ruled or coordinated according to the Company Law.
Let's make our food more affordable, and let's create a better and competitive business environment.
103. Taking into account the survey results, our considered view remains that in the Initial Report, i.e. at this stage, self-regulation and education, rather than legislation, are the most appropriate means of addressing discrimination in this area.
Tennis Review: First-ever gold for Spain
In collaboration with the United Nations Population Fund, UNDCP integrated issues relating to drug demand reduction into the activities of the Kenya Scouts Association and the Peer Counselling programme.
The representative of Austria made a statement.
66. As a result of those discussions, the Secretary-General invited the two Foreign Ministers to New York on 4 and 5 August.
10. The Secretary-General enumerates the key lessons learned by the entities having implemented IPSAS in 2010 (ibid., para. 31).
(c) Measures taken for restoring peace and stability;
50 boreholes, 166 water purification plants in 48 locations, 103 wastewater treatment plants and wastewater systems, 81 of which were operational at the end of the reporting period
Balliol College, Oxford
Mark's divorce, and as our Religious Affairs Correspondent Robert Pigott, reports, other couples like them could find it easier to remarry in church, under plans being discussed by the Church of England's ruling body this week.
Please provide information on commercial and sexual exploitation of women, girls and adolescents, including through trafficking, its incidence, causes and consequences.
The rehabilitation of roads within those above 7 locations was achieved during the dry season (November to June)
We hope that the international organizations will provide us with the necessary support to achieve peace between the two States and the most rapid return possible of the refugees and the internally displaced persons to their homes.
And if it will be worth an enormous amount in 10 or 20 years, then it should be worth a lot today, too, since real interest rates – used to discount future values to today’s values – are still low in China.
2010 Session
Steven: No. I've already bought diapers and bottles.
Are you through with your meal?
282. The public hospitals offering maternity services provide post-abortion care, and care for incomplete abortions for women free of cost.
19. The DPRK, in the course of carrying out the tasks of socialist construction of various stages during the period of 1960s to 1990s, invincibly consolidated the people's power and the socialist system, relying on the one-minded unity and patriotic efforts of the entire people, the masters of the state and the society, and realized socialist industrialization to lay the foundation of an independent national economy.
1. Mission elements and strategic deployment stock (SDS) modules: The composition of each SDS module is based on the support requirements of each element defined by standard ratios, where applicable.
United Republic of Tanzania
 Their presence today, just as this event itself does, is a tribute to families throughout the world and a testimony to the importance and high priority that the global community attaches to families and to family issues in the process of sustainable development.
It further recommends that the State party ratify the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Decisions relating to Maintenance Obligations, the Convention on the Law Applicable to Maintenance Obligations and the Convention on Jurisdiction, Applicable Law, Recognition, Enforcement and Co-operation in respect of Parental Responsibility and Measures for the Protection of Children.
Generating income from your blog is challenging enough — you don’t want to be dealing with self-sabotage at the same time.
In the light of the above discussion, delegates and experts may wish to consider the following questions:
CNN's remarks and attitude have not only deeply hurt the feelings of the Chinese people, but also severely damaged CNN's own reputation, and undermined the cooperation between us as well.
17. Lastly, she wished to request the Secretariat to carefully check all data before it was published.
There's still a huge shortfall in our funds.
Please keep sharing this page and help the Rebellion convince Volkswagen to turn away from the Dark Side.
Air transportation
Significant efforts by international partners, including technical training and resources, will be required during the MONUC mandate and beyond.
I'm calm about my outfit, And I really think I have a good chance of winning.
(k) Respecting equal protection under the law, by:
 22. On the occasion of World Day on 17 June 1996, the interim secretariat undertook, or supported, a variety of significant activities in Geneva, Mexico, New York and Nairobi.
In a scenario where one or more situations are before the Court, it is assumed that approximately 40 per cent of the required staff would be on short-term contracts.
Recent trends and funding patterns
Martainville, Calvados
Paragraph 52 of the Statute provides that pregnant and breastfeeding women soldiers or women soldiers just after giving birth as well as men soldiers who have a child under 14 years of age or a disabled child under 18 years of age may be called to serve on watch and to work, in the case of necessity, extra hours (after working hours and during holidays or days-off) only subject to their consent.
The concept of adequacy in relation to the right to housing requires, among other elements, that factors such as the availability of services and infrastructure, affordability and accessibility be taken into account.
Opium seizures in Afghanistan increased between March 2011 and March 2013.
Chinese - style sofa characterizes the barely exposed solid wood frame.
More than two months after what he described as his party's 'shellacking' in midterm elections, Mr. Obama didn't appear to be on defense.
The hollowed-out cavity allowed stellar shrapnel, the material expelled by the star, to travel much faster and farther out into the universe than it would have otherwise.
He should seize the chance to go abroad for further study.
2. Karen National Union-Karen National Liberation Army Peace Council*
The representative of Thailand, speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, said that the topics discussed by the Commissions were very relevant to the interests of the developing countries.
How did you get the information?
 Indeed, we have no alternative or option in this matter, for to give up hope is only to slide into the depths of despair.
His country unequivocally condemned all acts of terrorism and would spare no effort in fighting terrorism.
She was gasping now, pounding the treadmill hard, gracelessly, awkwardly. Two steps from falling right off the back.
22-25 February
para. 56
In such an exceptional, borderline case, we are unwilling to conclude definitively that article 12, paragraph 4, could not be violated.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Up leaped the Captain of Plymouth, and stamped on the floor, till his armor.
(Views adopted on 25 October 2013, 109th session)
1. Global economic growth dropped to 2.1 per cent in 2013 but is projected to rebound to 3.0 per cent in 2014 and 3.3 per cent in 2015 owing to increased economic activity in the United States of America and the euro area, as well as to the stabilization of growth in most emerging economies, notably China.
 Even when the technology (i.e., the technological information) is freely available and relevant, without the related hardware and technical assistance the value of the information would most likely be limited to countries with a highly developed technical capacity.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 9 August 2002, at 10 a.m.
Often, one or two family members would travel to the area of origin and assess the situation while the rest of the family remained in the area of flight.
To enhance the expeditious trial readiness of this case, the Pre-Trial Judge set deadlines for the Prosecution to file its pre-trial brief no later than 28 November 2008, any motions for admission of written evidence in lieu of oral testimony, and any motions for judicial notice of adjudicated facts no later than 13 February 2009.
And it's the only way you'll get close enough to destroy her.
20. In the Asia-Pacific region, with almost two thirds (65 per cent) of the world's population of illiterate adults and with 40 per cent of those who remain out of school, daunting challenges remain in terms of quality of the education and skills, especially occupational skills, required for growth in today's society.
" asked the host.
The alternator is to the engine by a belt and generates electricity to recharge the battery.
This day the peasant again came to the field to take care of his crops.
Summary of recommended compensation for Elettra
She told me this morning that butter was closed The night that i allegedly And what the hell is butter? We gotta get out of here, fast.
Noting that 18 December 2004 marked the twenty-fifth anniversary of the adoption by the General Assembly of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and welcoming the statement of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to commemorate the occasion,
Are The following risk all covered by a wpa policy?
Max, what you been doing?
It also calls on the State party to take further measures to ensure that the relevant provisions of the Convention and the pertinent paragraphs of the Committee's General Recommendations 19, and 24 in relation to women's reproductive health and rights are known and adhered to by all relevant personnel in public and private health centres, including hospitals and clinics.
See also Commentary on article 4.
UNEP was instrumental in the achievement of synergies and efficiency gains in the operations of the chemical-related multilateral environmental agreements that it administers: the Basel, Rotterdam, and Stockholm conventions.
With regard to expansion of the membership of the Security Council, we are of the view that the principle should be observed of ensuring the full representation of the non-aligned and developing countries, which make up the majority of the United Nations membership.
Instruction: Please fill up Part X in English and other parts in English or Chinese.
C. Legal framework at the national level 118 - 146 23
23. To have real impact on peoples' livelihoods, progress made in the United Nations system's conceptual and standard-setting work aimed at advancing the integrated and coordinated follow-up must be translated into progress at the country level.
The Ministry had accepted the apology made by the United States Embassy in Damascus.
If Reade doesn't win, it's proof that there's no heaven.
Clearly there is a need for an international instrument to regulate global trade in weapons, ammunition and related materials which can then be implemented at the national level.
The Committee will be invited to adopt its agenda, with any amendments it may deem appropriate, on the basis of the provisional agenda as set out in document UNEP/POPS/POPRC.2/1.
He stated that treaty bodies could provide a strong accountability framework in the post-2015 framework as, in the State review, they could consider State compliance with the post-2015 commitments that would eventually be adopted.
Power and decision-making: society should grow towards the equal representation of men and women in influential positions.
E. Associated species
On the basis of this resolution, the position of the Lebanese government affirms the continued demand for a permanent ceasefire and for the truce agreement to be upheld, in line with the Taif Accords, and demands that Israel compensate Lebanon for the damage caused by its persistent aggression, release the prisoners and return the bodies of the dead.
The budget of Federal Courts of Sharia is drawn from budgetary subsidy to be allocated by the Federal Government and assistance from other sources.
I know how much he meant to you.
Like the boost, the input current is smooth and output current is not.
62. Ms. Habtemariam (Ethiopia) said that United Nations officials enjoyed the privileges and immunities that were necessary for the independent exercise of their functions but were not exempt from their obligation to respect international law and the laws of the host country.
However, there is a difference between terrorism and legitimate struggle waged by people for their liberation or self-determination in accordance with the principles of international law.
At the same time, both parties had expressed cautious optimism for the next stages in the implementation of the Plan.
In 1998–1999 missions are scheduled to all of the regional commissions to review developments in UNESIS and in regional statistical databases from technical and substantive points of view.
The food is great, and they are always in such good spirits that they make us feel good too
It's very convenient for guesthouse, hotels, rest house, cafes and other ca teens to handle purchasing.
britainc. germanym: will mr. smith come to the party at the weekend?w: he'll be supposed to, but he won't be back from his trip until the next week.q: where will mr. smith be on saturday?a.
:: Alleviating poverty, addressing vulnerabilities and building resilience require multidimensional and integrated approaches.
1 April 2011
We know that the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom Church of God and prayer are closely related.
Metallography
The committee acted on the suggestions the masses made.
The news left me vaguely uneasy.
98. A number of challenges face the Relief and Social Services Programme, most notably variations in practice and management of the structural relationships with community-based organizations across the Agency, which makes it difficult to assess the impact of Agency investments.
11. The social and political impact: the presence of refugee or returnee populations often has a significant impact on the socio-political situation in the countries concerned.
This pump is used transferring of oil and fuel in industrial machine and lubrication of machine and tools.
S/AC.50/2007/36
They'd all reached the same conclusion, though no one spoke aloud.
Between 1975 and 1985, more than twelve and a half million women entered the United States work force.
Industrial processes
The Special Representative has already had occasion to point out to the authorities of Equatorial Guinea that, according to the Body of Principles for the Protection of All Persons under Any Form of Detention or Imprisonment, "A detained or imprisoned person shall have the right to be visited by ... members of his family" (Principle 19) and "If a detained or imprisoned person so requests, he shall if possible be kept in a place of detention or imprisonment reasonably near his usual place of residence" (Principle 20).
In contrast, it was likely that the digital infrastructure would prove inadequate should collaboration with the business sector be pursued.
Upgrade your HQ Territory to recharge all Panzer Elite abilities and heal any injured infantry units.
The status of development quotient for 429 children conformed to the normal distribution .
this pipe？
The speakers also stressed the need to change such policies and practices so that we can put an end to this unfolding tragedy and return to the path of peace.
:: Enact whistle-blower legislation that does not duplicate existing measures and takes into account the scope of covered offences; consider mechanisms to enable complaints to be made and for the review of such complaints.
19. At the more detailed level, some obligations that are relatively flexible for public procurement may require further elaboration in any future legislative text on PPPs.
Conclusions of the Commission on the Status of Women on critical areas of concern identified in the Beijing Platform for Action
What were those noises? What's wrong?
6806 Kaufmann
It recommends that the State party transmit the concluding observations for consideration and action to members of the Government and parliament, officials in relevant ministries, members of relevant professional groups, such as education, medical and legal professionals, as well as local authorities and the media, using modern social communication strategies.
:: initial review of a challenge by a body other than an authority referred to in paragraph 4 [administrative or judicial authority] (the 2012 WTO GPA, article XVIII:5)
5. Also invites the Director-General to transmit this resolution to the United Nations Secretary-General, with a request that he communicate it to the United Nations General Assembly with a view to the participation of United Nations Member States in this remembrance.
It will also be following up on the observations and conclusions in the eighth report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) (S/2001/572), particularly those contained in paragraphs 105 and 106 which call on "regional Heads of State" to bring their influence to bear on the Burundian armed groups to encourage them to refrain from violence.
It was foolish to take the test without preparation.
Parties to a consortium shall enter into an agreement on joint submission of bid to define the work and responsibility to be assumed by each of them, and shall deliver the said agreement to the tenderer together with the bid documents.
Like everybody's been saying.
The rest of us had our family's looks; we had 16)homely faces and she was pretty.
Regional capacity-building and a subregional thematic group on gender and economy; women's centres established.
Oral deliberations and summary records shall remain confidential.
Just like the angel passed over those households, God says you can crossover from death to life.
The year ended with the political demonstrations converging with nationwide strikes by tens of thousands of garment sector workers calling for a substantial increase in the minimum wage.
Recalling article 30 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming that acts, methods and practices of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations are activities aimed at the destruction of human rights, fundamental freedoms and democracy, threatening the territorial integrity and security of States and destabilizing legitimately constituted Governments, and that the international community should take the necessary steps to enhance cooperation to prevent and combat terrorism,
79. The representative of Cuba stated that her delegation was not satisfied with the report submitted by UTNSC because it did not respond to the questions asked by her delegation.
Draft resolution XV
These relate to the composition of the Independent Electoral Commission and the public funding of political parties.
Earnest researching the idolatry behavior of high school student's, then put forward to reply measure to educationists urgently.
In such circumstances, high staff turnover inside the BRC is expected.
11. Also requests the Secretary-General to ensure the coordination and collaboration of efforts with the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, to report on progress made and to provide a clear description of their respective roles and responsibilities in future budget submissions;
The world today faces both development opportunities and grave challenges unprecedented in history.
By common consent it was a sub - standard display in the first - half of the Champions League second - leg.
P-2
Where feasible, introductions took place on the margins of the sessions of the Group, and in some reviews where time differences between the States did not enable direct contact, the teleconferences were replaced by an exchange of e-mails.
Chapter I
E & D Arab American Company for Industrial & Economic Development
But taking care of your body neednt mean turning into BradPitt- although many women would be disappointed about that.
On 15 December 2002, United States and British aircraft bombed civilian and military sites in Dhi Qar and Basrah governorates, damaging civilian and military installations.
The ships left port under police escort, and a ceremonial spray by a New York City fire boat.
  South Koreans spend billions of dollars a year on English instruction for their children.
Adopted decision 2011/9 on the reports of UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors, 2008-2009.
This truly reposed the final say in the hands of the people.
FAO promoted a national exhibition for women's associations in Ramallah, which allowed them to market their crafts and their agricultural and food products.
: Let Us Smile : Let Us Smile : Have you ever wondered: whats the thing that goes the farthest toward making life worthwhile that costs the least and does the most
Product Code: PG00060
- Ensure access to land ownership.
But today, I wish to give a brief overview of the discussion we had.
Note 16
:: Ethiopia Djibouti Road Corridor Development
Fast track, transportation management.
Ms LEUNG Suk Yee
 The challenge is to target support for the Somali efforts to return large numbers of their people to productive endeavour by removing constraints to expansion and growth;
1. Since my previous report to the Security Council on the situation in and relating to Burundi, of 18 November 2002 (S/2002/1259), there have been a number of positive developments in the country and in the region.
19. Thank the International Support Group for the Fourth Space Conference of the Americas for organizing the Conference, and consider it appropriate for the Group to participate in the same capacity in the work of the pro tempore secretariat;
http://treaties.un.org/
The President: I call on the representative of Armenia.
Children in Britain helped design the mascots, so they are very popular.
17. The Office of Human Resources Management stated that the competencies and skills specified in the vacancy announcements had been drawn from the job descriptions for the respective posts.
Resource projections by funding category: UNEP
Proposed new chapter 2.2.8 on endocrine disruption
Fifth Committee
Somalia accepts the recommendation.
Certain conditions originating in the perinatal period
Bearing in mind the extremely fragile economies of the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories and their vulnerability to natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones and sealevel rise,
feaco@feaco.org
The findings will appear in the December issue of the Journal of Experimental Biology.
Autumn is a harvesting season.
11. Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the Secretary of the Committee read out a statement (see A/C.5/58/SR.26).
CAM ship
Restore the RCS to service.
Colombia's democratic security policy and the demobilization of violent paramilitary groups responsible for forced displacements had contributed greatly to protecting the life, freedom and property of Colombian nationals.
The legend teaches that no great achievement can be made, no lofty attainment reached, nothing of much value to the world done, save at the cost of heart's blood.
off Man,is that guy pissed of?
The Committee welcomes the fact that its Executive Directorate has taken a number of steps to strengthen its facilitation efforts on the Committee's behalf, including: (a) giving priority to States visited by the Committee and focusing on follow-up requests; (b) working with traditional and new donor States and organizations to facilitate the provision of assistance; (c) acting in accordance with the above-mentioned regional and thematic approaches; (d) increasing its focus on prevention and implementation; (e) participating actively in projects of the Integrated Assistance for Countering Terrorism Initiative of the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force; (f) integrating the human rights and rule of law-based approach into its activities; (g) establishing working relations with the Global Counterterrorism Forum; and
WHO currently estimates there may be 50 million cases of dengue infection worldwide every year.
25. Given the lack of comprehensive data on the temporary labour migration of women and the impact on the families that remain behind, during 1999 INSTRAW commissioned the Marga Institute, headquartered in Sri Lanka, a country with a long and continuous tradition of temporary female labour migration, to conduct exploratory research on the topic.
 As such, UNDP activities were not in competition with those of other agencies.
87. At a time when reform of the United Nations was also understood to mean downsizing, it was difficult to suggest establishment of a fully fledged body acting as an agency of the Security Council.
] How come you never go to McDonalds?
The development of new information technology has created enormous opportunities for reaching out to new audiences, especially in the developed world.
Exhorting the Forces démocratiques pour la libération du Rwanda to disarm and return to Rwanda, the Council also expressed concern about the incursion of members of the Lord's Resistance Army.
How many kids in this world get sprayed with roach poison?
Human rights implications, particularly for indigenous people, of the disappearance of States for environmental reasons (decision 2005/112) 344
6. The curricula vitae of the three candidates are contained in the annex to the present note in the original language of submission. Annex
39. The PRESIDENT said that he took it that the Conference wished to accept the suggestion by Canada, namely, to delete the third and fourth sentences of the text which he had read.
Thousands of supporters waving Chinese flags easily outnumbered protesters carrying Tibetan flags or placards criticizing Beijing's human rights record.
Investment and enterprise
The Governing Council is therefore urged to consider adopting the draft guidelines, which are annexed to the present report, as recommended in the proposed draft resolution on the issue (HSP/GC/21/L.3), which provides UN-Habitat with the mandate further to develop tools and indicators to facilitate the application of the guidelines.
When i'm with you are you somewhere else?
Article 57 of Additional Protocol I, on precautions in attack.
15. Recommends that all Member States, including those confronted with the phenomenon of private military and security companies, as contracting States, States of operations, home States or States whose nationals are employed to work for a private military or security company, contribute to the work of the open-ended intergovernmental working group, taking into account the work done by the Working Group on the use of mercenaries;
The Salty Coffee The Salty Coffee He met her at a party.
Our civil holdings of plutonium and highly enriched uranium are already under your EURATOM safeguards and liable to inspection by IAEA.
Ladybirds can exude a drop of poison from their leg joints. A yellow fluid.
The sponsors had not taken lightly the decision to submit the draft resolution.
No matters were raised under this item.
Guo Anchang shows group, job relief is better is enterprise of investment disaster area.
12. The right of the child to express his/her views freely in all matters affecting the child should be fully respected and implemented throughout every stage of the process of juvenile justice (see paragraphs 43 to 45 below).
She really likes her job. / She really likes her job.
Musée Hergé
Mandate holders should as a matter of principle be consulted before assisting staff are reassigned or rotated to other functions.
1. A signatory Government which intends to ratify, accept or approve this Agreement or a Government which intends to accede to the Agreement, but which has not yet been able to deposit its instrument, may at any time notify the depositary that, in accordance with its constitutional procedures and/or its domestic laws and regulations, it will apply this Agreement provisionally either when it enters into force in accordance with article 58 or, if it is already in force, at a specified date.
All results have been negative.
(b) To take all measures to empower women and strengthen their economic independence and to protect and promote the full enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms in order to allow women and girls to protect themselves better against violence;
Anxiety is mounting that Wenzhou's troubles are a bad omen beyond the hills that ring it.
14. The Occasional Papers series was developed to give wider dissemination to the expert inputs from panels and seminars sponsored by the Office for Disarmament Affairs.
Keywords Congenital rickets;Early diagnosis;Prevention;
The Working Group finds that access to information by the defendants and their lawyers has been restricted in a way that hinders any challenge of their pretrial detention, contrary to article 9, paragraphs 2 and 4, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and general principles of law.
21. Several Council members made statements following the voting, condemning the excessive use of force, focusing on the need to immediately cease armed hostilities and reinstate the ceasefire and expressing their support for the CSCE Minsk process.
Reaffirming the need to combat by all means, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts,
List of Abbreviations
Oh, um... we're going out.
The sky was dark blue, without a speck of cloud.
The private sector suffers too. Some big oil companies lose more staff to road crashes than to industrial accidents.
 The first test launch is planned for late April 1996 (flight 501) and the second for September 1996 (flight 502), before commercial operation can begin.
 In Canada's view, verification experience since the conclusion of the first United Nations study on this matter, in 1990, has revealed important new potential for effective United Nations action.
Tenth session
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 65/281 of 17 June 2011 and Human Rights Council decision 17/119, in which the Council extended the duration of review by the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review from three hours to three and a half hours for each State review from the second cycle onwards,
Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation machines are widely available and used to treat many painful conditions.
Ms. Lintonen (Finland): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union (EU).
The KAIKE company is gathers the design and produce, sell in the integral whole of the special kind printing equipments.
2. Let those who have distinguished themselves by their incompetence in facilitating the resolution of the Angolan crisis leave Angolans to work out their own solutions to their problems.
Other foreign and domestic companies are expected to apply to begin large-scale direct selling in China.
F. Regional Service Centre in Entebbe
Karaoke equipment
Like father, like son.
The 11 things are: Life is not fair, get used to it.
Advancement of women (item 14 (a))
The Global Programme of Action coordination office is promoting the adoption of those regional programmes, and will facilitate the development of projects for funding by appropriate organizations in several regions.
Thus, a Member State that was fully paid up in respect of a particular closed mission with a cash surplus would be entitled to a refund.
International human rights charter is the most basic document in the international human rights protects system;
Corrective action: Take appropriate action to address significant actual and/or potential risks to public and worker health and safety, and the environment, and correct identified deficiencies in achieving ESM.
Your early meetings will likely involve 27)fine-tuning the plan you have made for your success, drawing upon the specialized skills of your members
Those difficulties were the result of the non-payment of assessed contributions, which were a legal obligation deriving from membership in the Organization.
I'm trying to keep my creditors at bay.
In particular, the panel noted that at the time that the author claimed to have been arrested for opposing the soliciting of votes for the National Democratic Congress' presidential candidate Rawlings, the party did not as yet exist and Rawlings' candidacy was not announced until three months after the events alleged by the author.
With these technologies, application developer can develop and deploy a reliable, extensible, secure enterprise application rapidly.
As reported earlier, a number of cultural changes have been taking place since the launch of PCOR, such as a cultural diagnostic survey and the development of a strategy and plan of action.
184. Research and analysis is the backbone of UNCTAD's work and it should be development-oriented, independent and grounded in solid evidence.
Honduras 171 — 176
At its forty-seventh session, the Assembly decided to consider in the future the agenda items entitled "Current financial crisis of the United Nations" and "Financial emergency of the United Nations" under one agenda item entitled "Improving the financial situation of the United Nations" (resolution 47/215).
 58. The sixth progress report did not deal with members of transition teams for offices away from Headquarters who would have to work with the regional coordinators and teams at United Nations Headquarters and who might have to be released from their regular activities during IMIS implementation.
758 500f
Ensuring the physical presence of foreign humanitarian personnel in affected regions is only one aspect of this task and cannot be the end in itself.
Zambia 154, Argentina 143, Italy 143, Federal Republic of Germany 111, Japan 107, India 36, Sweden 16, Ireland 14, Bolivia 3, Argentina 1, Belgium 1, Belize 1, Cuba 1, Finland 1, Greece 1, Lesotho 1, Malaysia 1, Mexico 1, Netherlands 1, Senegal 1, Sudan 1
Objective We detected the ultrasound diagnosis and identification value of metastatic malignant tumors in cervical lymph nodes.
Cinderella: But perhaps this would help.
First, the instrument could intensify and further raise the political and public profile of forests at the national, regional and international levels.
Such a document should define the status and mandate of the overall international presence in Kosovo and Metohija that in its entirety is under United Nations auspices.
UNOWA also provided guidance to the Joint United Nations/African Union assessment mission to the Sahel, as well as support for the definition of a joint African Union/United Nations strategy for the Sahel.
She delights in cooking lovely meals.
Czech Republic
It was further noted that the issue of jurisdiction might be solved in a reorganization plan.
The Government of Belgium has noted the general reservation expressed by the Government of Qatar with respect to the provisions of the Convention.
Project on the implementation of the gender aspect in the sphere of healthcare (Hesse)
Table 9
25. The Government of Pakistan has taken several initiatives to improve women's economic standing.
The report includes information similar to the one included in the NCF report.
What do you know about the United States?
A tendency to lose interest in science and technology had been observed among the younger generation in many countries, including in current spacefaring nations.
2. Reaffirms that, in order to achieve positive results, it is useful for the three regional centres to carry out dissemination and educational programmes that promote regional peace and security that are aimed at changing basic attitudes with respect to peace and security and disarmament so as to support the achievement of the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
A decision was made to respond to the Plenary's request in the form of a full scoping process in order to adhere to the schedule for the delivery of the work programme set out in annex I to decision IPBES-2/5.
Take it easy when you are on the stage.
It's impossible to renew one's youth.
Every member of the expedition took a small paraffin stove.
The Council's response to the 2007 annual ministerial review was forwarded to TurnAround Management and Business Advisory Services Programme of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), through the World Bank.
33. Moldova
(b) To develop the Action Plan for immediate rehabilitation, prepared by the United Nations Development Programme, into a full-scale strategy for rehabilitation and reconstruction, based on an in-country assessment by a team of experts of the war damage and destruction;
In that context, she expressed thanks for the efforts of UNICEF and expressed confidence that that organization would contribute greatly to the success of the special session.
The autopsy which was performed by a police pathologist and witnessed by a family doctor, reportedly found that he had died after being hit on the head and chest with a blunt instrument, and wound marks on his buttocks were inflicted by a sharp instrument.
Young Journalists Competition was organized in 2005 on the theme of "Stop Violence Against Women" in order to create awareness among young journalists and to contribute to their development of correct approaches to this problem.
Henriette's hand lay inmine; she pressed it to mine, but could not speak.
Section 166.
Royal Tramp
3. All four elements of the "competitiveness mix" are dependent, in varying degrees, on the State.
Tired of the beaches? Head to the center for some great shopping or dining.
Build it up with gold and silver.
(a) Rescission of the contested decision;
Borshchiv Raion
57. At the open meeting, the Chairman of the Commission emphasized that the importance of the resources to be derived from the continental shelf were enormous and that in future the shelf area would be the main source of world oil and gas supplies.
You may have one - month of paid holiday every year.
Recruitment and demographics
48. Ms. Lassegue (Haiti) said that women in informal unions were in the majority in Haiti, and the act to address that situation would be brought before the National Assembly in the very near future, after action on the acts on domestic workers and responsible paternity.
Set below the normal line of type;subscript.
However, the resurgence of doctrines of racial superiority and purity and the spread of xenophobic tendencies throughout the world were a major cause of concern.
We are also delighted to have resumed discussions, together with our P-5 partners, with the States of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, on how the P5 might be able to sign the Protocol to the Treaty of Bangkok.
If I heard the representative of Iran correctly, he was suggesting that we delete the word "recommend", in the second line.
After the testing and improvement the second edition is completed in project.
I will organize some suitable activities for you.
Sixty per cent of UCK weapon holdings should be in storage sites by K+60 (20 August), and all UCK weaponry by K+90 (19 September).
With the sun rising setting, day, we are on the way!
Divisional Chief Economist, General Economic Division, Ministry of Planning, Government of Bangladesh, 1993-1994.
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980)x
(v) Recommendations on which agreement could not be reached with management or with regard to which requested information or assistance was refused (see A/66/286 (Part I)/Add.1, where applicable);
And these days, its spy agencies are as much about private profit as intelligence activity.
The Committee is concerned that notwithstanding the high level of poverty among women, and especially of women-headed households, no affirmative action measures are being taken to support women’s efforts to break the cycle of poverty.
She was now, on being settled at home, at leisure to observe the real state of her sister's spirits.
I am technologically retarded, but can type 80 words per minute.
2. To mobilize backing for the Agreement and ensure that it is implemented in the desired manner;
By now I habitually clicked through S's photo albums, a diversion far better than popping into a colleague's office for a romantic update.
Could you have believed such a thing possible?
Everyone is listless; they all suffer from vitamin and iron deficiencies.
Purpose: High frequency low power amplifier applications.
A further text for the provision was proposed in document A/AC.252/1999/WP.53.
The trust fund will be utilized to supplement assessed resources in carrying out the activities called for in the Agreements.
The Constitutions of Ceará and Sergipe are the only ones that deal expressly with the issue of rural working women.
Fish and other organisms have little chance to acclimate, and large kills may result.
1999 İzmit earthquake
Sure enough, on the ground in front of her was a trail of pebbles.
Shirtsleeve After years of being downsized, the white-collar workforce is now on the rise. Companies are hiring engineers, lawyers, accountants, and computer whizzes.
鈥淏ut I don't know鈥ather.鈥?
Supplementary information on Noise Mitigation Measures for Housing Sites Nos. 6 and 10 of West Kowloon Reclamation
The Government is responsible for four important aspects of social development:
The standard designation of the laws of armed conflict, for instance, as lex specialis and a self-contained regime -- or even `a deviant body of rules of public international law' -- leaves it wide open to which extent the general rules of, say, the law of treaties are affected."
143. With regard to the exit interview questionnaire, the Commission decided to request its secretariat to work closely with the CEB secretariat and staff representatives to finalize and pilot a standard exit interview questionnaire for use across the United Nations common system, and to identify the mechanism for central data reporting.
It is an honour to be here attending the graduation ceremony. I feel younger indeed.
b Six posts frozen (1 D-1 and 5 General Service (Other level)).
(d) The effective and efficient management of UNOPS operations and the effective, efficient and economic use of all resources administered by UNOPS, including those managed on behalf of its clients.
Page
I really do not know what to say and express, that is true.
Li Benyao, secretary of Anqiu city of Chinese Communist Party, visit lv Zhou company.
E/CN.9/2004/6
12. The Advisory Committee notes that the budget approved by the General Assembly for the 2008/09 financial period in its resolution 62/256 provided for the deployment of 760 military observers, 17,030 military contingent personnel, 391 United Nations police officers, 750 formed police units personnel, 1,281 international staff, 2,868 national staff and 795 United Nations Volunteers, including temporary positions.
3. Welcomes the fact that the ninth summit conference of la Francophonie was devoted to the dialogue of cultures as an instrument of peace, democracy and human rights, for greater solidarity among French-speaking countries in the interest of sustainable economic and social development;
Ms. Nishi (Japan) said that her country encouraged UNIDO to consider appropriate responses promptly to the Joint Inspection Unit's recommendations.
There has been a change in people's level of knowledge –from an uninformed level they are now very aware and ask many specific questions.
34. The review of the general observations made by the Subcommittee on Accreditation is welcomed, since these observations are in fact a tool for the progressive interpretation of the Paris Principles.
There are old shop - owner of a small and apprentices.
An information stand in the center of Vaduz drew attention to the fact that women in 2009 had to work 49 days longer, i.e. until March 10, to earn as much as men.
Then pass a letter to him treated him to burn letter to throw to hurtle in the toilet after readinging the letter.
The communal bolt is irrigated with non-bacterial static sterile sealing.
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs had drawn up its own Plan of Action for the Second Decade, which sought to mainstream the Decade's objectives across its various areas of work.
A pregnant teenager is socially stigmatized and forced to remain at home or begin working, something for which she is not yet prepared.
They asked UNFPA to ensure the independence of the evaluation function and its separation from the oversight functions of DOS.
ESMO Minimum Clinical Recommendations for diagnosis, adjuvant treatment and follow-up of colon cancer
66. It is also tasked with helping the Transition Council of the Judiciary to put in place courts with jurisdiction for the family, women, children and juveniles, and their specialized technical units, in accordance with the Judiciary Organization Act.
Reaffirming also the specific mandate conferred upon the Disarmament Commission by the General Assembly, in its decision 52/492 of 8 September 1998, to discuss the subject of nuclear disarmament as one of its main substantive agenda items,
AAA, and that only a handful of banks worldwide can boast it, they don't bat an eye.
Hey, dude, look at the chick over there!
Malaysia made recommendations.
Level of inventories as of 1 September 2006
Lead researcher Dr Jennifer Coull said many of the areas of the brain involved in estimating time were the same that played a key role in
Parliamentarians should press for the Accord to include effective means of enforcement.
Civic Democratic Party /meta/color
(a) Develop the independence of the judiciary from the executive branch of Government;
British Consulate
Implications of both scenarios are discussed in paragraphs 18 to 39, and are summarized in annex I to the present document.
Governments are also addressing the issue of vehicle overloading with renewed vigour.
The Mechanism has received allegations that Victor Bout has resorted to a network of subcontractors and partners through which he continues his sanctions-violating activities (see annex III).
Here I am, minding my own business and someone thinks it's funny to throw a book at me.
Trading partners lacking established procedures should be encouraged to extend their least developed country-specific preferences.
40. At its 1st meeting, on 11 February 2004, by adopting the suggestions relating to the organization of its work put forward by the Chairman (see A/AC.109/2004/L.2), the Special Committee decided to take up as appropriate the item entitled "Pattern of conferences".
The president is encouraged to work with the chairs of the Main Committees to consider assigning more items to those Committees in order to preserve General Assembly plenary meetings as a forum for high-level policy statements and for considering agenda items of special political importance and/or urgency.
Mr. Joshi (India) (spoke in Hindi; English text furnished by the delegation): Children are society's most critical foundation; they shape its future.
Then I felt my fear and unhappiness disappear,as I knew that I was no longer alone in my responsibility for Sir Henry.The dangers all around me did not seem so frightening.The cool voice could belong to only one man in the world.
DAF: Delivered at Frontier (name place) DES: Delivered ex Ship (name port of destination) DEQ: Delivered ex Quay (name place of destination) DDU: Delivered Duty Unpaid (name place of destination) DDP: Delivered Duty Paid (name place of destination
Sub-item (b)
Finally, the professor sat down and asked, Young man, who are you
This story depicts people who live in poverty as hardworking and wanting to improve their lives.
Much the same is true of their accountability provisions.
Such disorder, strife and conflict have many causes.
 We welcome the proposal for the cut-off of the production of fissile materials and consider it a further step in the right direction towards nuclear disarmament and the consolidation of the non-proliferation regime.
U.S. government prosecutors have charged a businessman with shipping sensitive U.S. weapons technology to India in violation of export controls.
They live on basic farming; the FFM observed a mechanized plough and harrow as well as two trucks.
There are obvious errors when surveying parameter of Thevenin's Equivalent Circuit,because voltmeter and galvanometer has internal resistance.
The work programme is dependent upon the availability of resources for the next biennium.
V. Rule of law
Their questions forced me to dig deeper and articulate my ideas more clearly.
Item 5. Confirmation of the nomination of the Secretary-General of the Conference
The Sichuan earthquake caused an outpouring of charity.
Yet the honey bee's importance goes far beyond agriculture.
But they could not be seen because there was much more green chlorophyll.
Discussion of operational policies and guidelines.
 Moreover, members asked whether the women in Ecuador themselves wanted to change their current situation.
It assigned this task to a Working Party on Financial Statements, which was to be open to participation by accounting specialists from all organizations wishing to be represented.
In pursuance of its agenda and taking into account the several proposals tabled since 1999 for the programme of work of the Conference on Disarmament,
Statements by the representatives of regional
62. The gains made to date in the implementation of the Ouagadougou Agreement were possible thanks to the sustained commitment of the Ivorian parties to the Agreement and the spirit of dialogue and consensus engendered by that Agreement.
"The next day, at the usual hour, the two young peasants were on the borders of the forest.
Current laws on citizenship and nationality are still detrimental to women.
Reporting requirements to the Commission on Population and Development
On 16 May 2007, at 0500 hours, the Israeli enemy abducted a Lebanese civilian, Hisham Dalli, from inside Lebanese territory one kilometre from the Radar position (in the occupied Shab`a farmlands).
Anestrus (absence of estrus) is not a disease but a sign of a variety of conditions .
The chief criminals shall be punished without fail, those who are accomplices under duress shall go unpunished and those who perform deeds of merit shall be rewarded.
Informal "informal" consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (under agenda item 49 (e)) (convened by the delegation of Lebanon)
Tai Po Market station
Officials at Tokyo Electric, known as Tepco, said the jump was likely due to a shift in the direction of the wind.
You will have a charming mother-in-law, indeed, and of course she will be always at Pemberley with you.
check something out to call somethingM: What's in the news today, Li Hua
31. Calls upon all States to address, as a matter of priority, the vulnerabilities faced by children affected by and living with HIV, by providing support and rehabilitation to those children and their families, women and the elderly, particularly in their role as caregivers, promoting child-oriented HIV/AIDS policies and programmes and increased protection for children orphaned and affected by HIV/AIDS, ensuring access to treatment and intensifying efforts to develop new treatments for children, and building, where needed, and supporting the social security systems that protect them;
In the framework of the memorandum of understanding, the Centre continues to provide the Government, the Parliament, the judiciary and non-governmental organizations with technical cooperation, in particular in the field of human rights education and training.
35. Mr. Holovka (Serbia and Montenegro) said that under Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), the mandate of UNMIK was to maintain civil law and order, protect and promote humans rights, assure the safe and unimpeded return of all refugees and internally displaced persons to their homes, and to secure their freedom of movement.
Security Council resolution 661 (1990) imposed on Iraq and Kuwait a trade embargo, effective 6 August 1990, in order to bring Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait to an end and to restore the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Kuwait.
(a) Three country offices had not adequately marked the equipment with a unique inventory number;
Satisfactory progress was achieved in almost all of the activities planned for 2008, the only exception being the provision of technical advisory support to developing countries, which is behind target as a result of the ongoing delay in the opening of the UN-SPIDER Beijing office.
First, further progress must be made towards universality of the NPT.
The meeting was also apprised of the recommendations of the Integrated Task Force Technical Assessment Mission that visited Guinea-Bissau from 21 to 30 April 2009, and was briefed by IMF and the World Bank on their engagement with the country.
 At the same meeting, the Assembly decided to allocate the item to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Sometimes when it's col
While the concept of environmentally sound management finds its origin in the Convention and is obligatory for parties to the Convention, the committee might wish to clarify the concept further, for example regarding the way in which an exporting country could verify an importing State's waste management practices to allow for an informed export decision, as no such measure is described in the Convention.
For its consideration of the item, the Forum had before it studies on the impacts of the Doctrine of Discovery on indigenous peoples, including mechanisms, processes and instruments of redress (E/C.19/2014/3), on best practices and examples in respect of resolving land disputes and land claims, including consideration of the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples (Philippines) and the Chittagong Hill Tracts Land Dispute Resolution Commission (Bangladesh) and the Working Group on Indigenous Populations/Communities of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights (E/C.19/2014/4), and on an optional protocol to the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples focusing on a voluntary mechanism (E/C.19/2014/7), the report of the international expert group meeting on the theme "Sexual health and reproductive rights: articles 21, 22 (1), 23 and 24 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples" (E/C.19/2014/8) and information from States on addressing the recommendations of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (E/C.19/2014/10, also considered under items 4 (a) and 7).
Try to picture Leslie in a tuxedo.
As a result the Board sees a risk that operational realities on the ground, as well as military and police mission needs, may not be properly understood or acted upon in taking forward the strategy.
On the following night she was again wakened by sweet singing and babies laughing.
I listen to my inner feelings and let them guide me.
UNOMIG, on the other hand, would operate in the security zone, the restricted-weapons zone, the Kodori valley and, as agreed by the parties, any other area necessary for it to fulfil its mandate.
Real Property System (Law 9514/97);
Japan school violence hits record high A student pulls the hair of another student in an undated file photo.Cases of violence by Japanese school students hit a record high in the past year, with elementary students increasingly violent, the education ministry said
As a result, the Committee of Experts requested the Oslo Group to (a) develop a list of issues on energy accounts to be included in the research agenda for the revision of SEEA-2003; and (b) solve those issues on energy accounts that will be included in the research agenda approved by the Committee of Experts.
In the text adopted on first reading, in addition to assurances and guarantees against repetition, three forms of reparation had been envisaged, namely, restitution in kind, compensation and satisfaction.
87. The Royal Barbados Police Force remains committed to the principles of integrity and accountability of law enforcement personnel.
They reaffirmed their commitments to advancing regional integration in the context of the African Union Commission Minimum Integration Programme, adopted by the Fourth Conference of African Ministers in Charge of Integration.
But it's not so easy to hit your marks 100 times in a row while maintaining balance and proper knee height.
She took up the vocation of teaching.
I noticed that he was obese and bald. His calmed face wears a pert, soft and rustic expression.
8. SFOR remained engaged with weapons collection, destruction and framework operations.
The Committee suggests that the Commission consider alternative and more cost-effective means of data collection, while preserving the integrity of the process (para. X.10).
On 28 May and 30 September 1993, respectively, Slovakia and the Czech Republic deposited instruments of succession, with effect from 1 January 1993, the date of succession of both States.
Can be administered personally or by a secretary, personal assistant, etc.
Finally, he expressed gratitude to members of the international community for the assistance provided and expressed the hope that their relations with his country would become even closer.
Noting that the acceptance of trade measures aimed at supporting local production and consumption patterns can have revitalizing effects in protecting biodiversity and maintaining cultural diversity and identity,
In assembling the list, the Committee used three possible sources: first, those international organizations named in resolution 1540 (2004); second, other international bodies mentioned by States in their national reports; and lastly the Committee drew on its own experience in preparing the matrices for all States for additional potential sources of appropriate experience to share.
And the masters of correspondence with the latest sharp visual interactive design!
That's why we made it this wide.
In the area of outreach, for example, the Department of Field Support continues to strengthen its outreach activities, with the staffing of the Outreach Unit expanded to include two officers dedicated solely to activities such as weekly dissemination of vacancy announcements to approximately 60 organizations and to unrepresented and underrepresented Member States and advertising in online portals, with follow-up outreach visits to some countries and presentations at job fairs.
(a) Give preference, wherever possible, to alternatives to imprisonment concerning Aboriginal peoples, as set forth in subsection 717 (1) of the Criminal Code;
International Conference on Development Cooperation with Middle-Income Countries
4. Also encourages UNDP to cooperate with the IGAD Partners Forum in the current developments concerning the international assistance and coordination arrangements in support of the future Somali Transitional Federal Institutions;
10. Welcomes the development of the new professional Afghan national army and Afghan national police and the progress made in the creation of a fair and effective justice system as important steps towards the goal of strengthening the Government of Afghanistan, providing security, ensuring the rule of law and eliminating corruption throughout the country, and urges the international community to continue to support the efforts of the Government of Afghanistan in these areas in a coordinated manner;
Who will stop this terrible tomato?
Chapter
Paulo Bento
28. At the close of this agenda item, the Chairman provided a summary of main themes and recommendations for follow-up that had emerged from the discussions.
Noting that table A in decision X/14 on process-agent uses has been updated by decisions XV/6, XVII/7 and XIX/15,
Name and nationality Nominated by
Total: Security sector support and rule of law
"The Security Council welcomes and strongly endorses the report of the Secretary-General of 22 May 2000 (S/2000/460).
The present report, which is based on inputs received from United Nations entities, has been prepared in response to Economic and Social Council resolution 2004/4 on the review of Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming the gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system and General Assembly resolution 59/168. The report outlines gaps between policy and practice in the area of gender mainstreaming and focuses on action plans as well as other measures to promote gender mainstreaming by providing illustrative examples from United Nations entities.
CEOS subsequently finalized a set of actions to be taken by space agencies in response to the Implementation Plan and, in November 2006, submitted its report to the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
They had a single solitary goal – the top!
4. Calls upon Member States, the United Nations system and other relevant humanitarian and development actors to accelerate the implementation of the Hyogo Framework for Action, emphasizes the promotion and strengthening of disaster preparedness activities at all levels, in particular in hazard-prone areas, and encourages them to increase funding and cooperation for disaster risk reduction activities, including disaster preparedness;
As detailed in chapter V.A, such a plan of action should, inter alia, contain the elements spelled out in recommendations 2 to 11 of this report.
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law
The question that haunts every parent of a child with autism is What will happen when I die?
Only in eight cases was OTP told that its request could not be met or that the requested documents did not exist.
Moreover, he felt that the UNCTAD secretariat was too dominant as compared with the active role of government representatives, which was very important for the debate because it was based on reality.
Challenge discovered: women have been discriminated against in social-cultural practices, in land ownership and inheritance in some societies.
76. To strengthen institutional capacity for the implementation of gender related activities including CEDAW, the Government established the Botswana National Council on Women (BNCW) in 1999.
Item 8 - Adoption of the report
(e) Whether the award of a procurement contract under the framework agreement will be to the lowest priced or to the most advantageous submission.
Additional condoms may be obtained from the medical unit supporting the contingent or through a United Nations channel;
International Atomic Energy Agency, International Energy Agency, Eurostat, International Monetary Fund (statistical departments) and the United Nations Statistics Division.
28. The National Service for Women (SERNAM) is currently implementing the Equal Opportunities Plan 2011 - 2020: towards a fair and jointly responsible Chile, which includes activities with various ministries and makes it possible further to develop public policies which empower women in society and include the gender perspective (recommendations 18, 19, 20, 21 and 27).
29. The final speech on the panel was given by Col. Andrey Makarov, discussing the developments of the Sino-Russian PPWT, tabled in February 2008.
You could actually see the shockwave zip out of the muzzle.
What do you care? forget about him.
One F-494 Turkish frigate violated the territorial waters of the Republic of Cyprus and illegally used the closed port of Ammochostos, while participating in naval exercises of the occupation forces.
Lebanon sincerely hoped that such heinous crimes, which it strongly condemned, would never be repeated.
It is, therefore, declared that it would be logical for the international community to understand Africa's predicament and to be generous in honouring their commitments.
50. The Committee is concerned that the Women's Commission, which is mandated to promote the advancement of women in Hong Kong, China, has a weak mandate and lacks the resources necessary to undertake gender mainstreaming and other activities.
For the post, fluency in oral and written English is required.
Owing to their small size and limited resource endowments, those countries could not become major producers of primary commodities and therefore could not influence world market prices.
IV. Implementation of the sanctions
12-16 November
His first remark on entering was,--"You know, sir, I do not speak French?
If the chancellor's interest helps achieve that, it's good news.
The Administration has concurred with most of the Board's recommendations, and many of the comments of the Secretary-General have been duly reflected in the report of the Board.
6. Land, arable land in particular, should be used reasonably and economically.
Its object is generality, its means the abstract conception of reason, its style scepticism and criticism.
 A further positive development was the provision by Iraq, after August 1995, of additional documents relating to chemical weapons activities.
The international condemnation of the Italian premier's behaviour has at least brought the early beginnings of national self-examination.
In our country, where seven languages or dialects are spoken and diverse ethnic populations live together peacefully, my delegation welcomes the prospect of increased dialogue among civilizations, one inclusive of all peoples, that will improve upon the understanding of who we are and where we came from.
56. The Advisory Committee also recalls the comments of the Secretary-General in his latest report on civilian capacity in the aftermath of conflict, in which he states that peacekeeping missions often miss potential opportunities for building sustainable national capacity.
She submitted that the petitioner should be entitled to damages for public embarrassment.
Project 2: $2.5 million spent
The momentum of each one individually is changing, but not the momentum of the system as a whole, and so this equals v prime.
(3) In the event that there are no parents and no guardian to provide their consent, such shall be required from the person or the authority that has been habilitated to exercise parental rights.
Some training has been conducted by law enforcement agencies but the impact of these training efforts has not been evaluated.
"We won with great application and quality, with everyone involved, it was really nice to see," added the Milan coach.
Resolutions adopted by the General Assembly on 10 December 2009
We usually wash the quilt cover for the silk floss.
In this regard, Croatia welcomes the determination of the African countries to solve their problems regionally and with support from the United Nations.
At each level of development, a country's needs for support could be broadly categorized into two technical areas: (a) improving the completeness and accuracy of birth and death registration; and (b) improving the production of vital statistics.
"(a) Enhanced awareness of the special needs of the least developed countries and increased support and resources for the least developed countries at the global level
But this cannot be taken for granted.
Smell the stink from that apartment house.
Function 4: Programme guidance, management and oversight
Expressing its conviction that closer contacts and consultations between and among the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and regional organizations help to facilitate the effective formulation of programmes of assistance for the peoples concerned,
Further work should be done on the links between the various treaty provisions and on their status under general international law.
In summary, the main principles of PADVA are fastness and even urgency of the procedure; quick separation of the offender from the victims; special protection of the victims; accessibility of court proceedings; variety of protection measures; combining court protection through court administration with administrative measures and measures for social protection and rehabilitation; cooperation between the state authorities and the non-government sector.
"I was just thinking.
Article 211 provides that each spouse must personally consent to the marriage during the marriage ceremony itself.
Eg. After only a month in the job, he felt restless and decided to leave it.
Brockville
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Finland (on behalf of the European Union).
Both of these devices also make use of thumb - boards when text data entry is necessary.
Reportedly, many women had also had their land expropriated by the State.
orders (in millions of
The China Daily says a red tide also has been spotted near Hong Kong in recent days, prompting the city's government to warn people not to swim in polluted areas.
Répcevis
Netherlandsa
Born and bred in this environment, the individual is practically unfitted for any other state.
55. His delegation supported the tendency to limit the court's jurisdiction to core crimes, and agreed that the court should have inherent jurisdiction over genocide.
2. Executive meeting
448. Satisfaction was expressed for the work of the programme, and the introduction of the results-based budgeting format for executive direction and management was welcomed.
Constitution The members of the Committee shall be elected by the Conference of the Parties for [one] [two] [three] years based on equitable geographical distribution [and the principle of rotation] [other arrangement....].
Years in Minnesota
∙ Recommendation 11. Based on the outcome of the assessment, the Insurance Section, through the selected broker, should seek proposals from underwriters to provide continued insurance coverage for the demining activities concerned to determine whether similar or improved cover is available at a lower cost (AM/97/71/5/011);
Do you attach any importance to what he said?
Books can be read by anyone;
1. Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country (A/67/26) [item 165]
17. Affirms anew that the demolition by the Israeli occupying forces of over 1,200 houses owned by Palestinian families is a grave violation of articles 33 and 53 of the Fourth Geneva Convention and that levelling farmlands, uprooting trees and destroying the infrastructure of Palestinian society constitute grave violations of the provisions of international humanitarian law and a form of collective punishment against the Palestinian people;
Table 22 Care and Protection Allowance: recipients in Surrogate Families by Gender and Ethnicity 117
In fact , I'd say my car is a piece of junk too.
The name you provide for your client connection identifies the shortcut you are creating .
91. The Tribunal continued the recruitment process for both Professional and General Service staff.
In this context, artificial barriers to migration by high-income countries should not be created.
The people of Puerto Rico were ready to vote in a fair referendum, but they needed the Committee's help to make their choice a reality.
The public service policy and regulations provides for in the recruitment and selection that when a man and woman applicants have similar qualifications and are contesting for one vacancy, a woman applicant should be chosen.
This letter is in follow-up to our previous 158 letters to you regarding the ongoing crisis in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, since 28 September 2000.
By analyzing those performances of the suspect being interrogated who confesses in a false manner,and his psychological reasons,and the corresponding interrogative strategies and their applications,we can survey further the ultimate approach to obtain the true confession from the suspect.
First, civil society organizations have been promoting particular issues with decision makers through the use of campaigns and lobbying.
One of the cases concerned allegations against a UNV for reportedly having requested sexual favors from refugees, sexually abusing a refugee, as well as requesting bribes from refugees in exchange for services.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on amendments to the Staff Rules (A/53/502 and Add.1);
(b) Monitoring cash positions of each mission;
This system's effectiveness has been proved by the specific examples.
Learn how to season the inside of a Thanksgiving turkey with sage butter in this free cooking video.
 It would like to have a room in which members could receive delegations, meet in informal groups, or work between meetings.
The passage of glucose into cells depends on glucose transporter proteins in the target tissues and the factor regulation of their function.
Harry: I'm afraid I didn't, officer. I must have been dreaming.
During the reporting period, new international instruments were developed.
Diversity is the most compelling reason to involve major groups in the priority-setting process.
He would welcome more information about the possibility of providing funding from the regular budget for the Library, mentioned in paragraph 89 of the report (A/64/495).
It would also like to be informed when the draft action plan on Roma women was adopted.
The simulation method based on geometrical optics for designing dual-reflector antenna system forming focus beam is presented.
A. Poverty reduction in Africa 29 - 30 14
 The Croats quickly killed or routed the few Serb defenders and overran the area.
The Mission also supported the Ministry of Justice in assessing the 2007-2012 national justice reform strategy and continued to engage with the Government on the preparation of a new strategy.
The Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Development Policy, UNDP, agreed that UNDP engagement in direct budget support and pooled funding was exceptional, and should not develop into a tool for interventions.
The reduced number of staff in the Compliance, Evaluation and Monitoring Section would impact the capacity of the Department to conduct compliance missions and monitor compliance with security policies, standards and operational procedures.
The tree thrusts its branches high.
28B. Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
Communities Forestry and Social Development Organization
2. it must possess the necessary property
(c) Encouraging the different actors of the international statistical system to do their agreed part of the work;
1477. Ontario has a number of statutes, such as the Tenant Protection Act and aspects of the Ontario Human Rights Code, which provide a consistent legislative basis for the relationships between housing providers and consumers.
We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories
Approved by DOT and Certificate of Approval from Lloyds Register of Shipping.
79. Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
(f) Involve children in a programme combating HIV/AIDS, in particular by ensuring that more attention is given to the issue of children and HIV/AIDS;
"To carry out the new mandate, the draft resolution explicitly provides for the possibility of using force to respond to bombardments against the safe areas, to armed incursions into them* or to any deliberate obstacles to the freedom of movement of UNPROFOR or of protected humanitarian convoys.
4. Eradicate cultural practices that perpetuate violence against women and girls.
Mr. Salim A. Salim
He steeled himself to keep above the suffocating languor that lapped like a rising tide through all the wells of his being.
She signed the car to stop by raise her hand.
 Coordination will be aimed at the adoption and implementation of an integrated and global United Nations approach to the promotion and protection of human rights with each agency or programme making its own specific contribution.
We understand that all cannot be achieved at once.
Investments aimed at increasing gender equality need to be directed towards all sectors of society.
And before Eric can start to do his job, though, he needs applications on his desktop.
Since the very beginning of the process, young people were included in consultations leading to the drafting and adoption of the law, reflecting the time-honoured truth that those who are supposed to benefit from legislation to be adopted should be the first to be asked what their expectations from the legislation are.
While we welcome the progress that has followed the signing in Cairo on 4 May 1994 of the PLO-Israel agreement, we feel none the less that the situation on the ground gives reason for grave concern.
BONUCA
Mr. Richard Lennane, Political Affairs Officer, Ms. Melissa Hersh and Dr. Piers Millett, Professional Assistants, United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs, served in the Secretariat.
On that date, the Argentine segment of the said system entered into full operational capacity.
National staff: establishment of 3 posts
In addition, the Committee adopted a rationale for that recommendation and agreed to establish an intersessional drafting group to produce a draft decision guidance document.
His cold, ceremonious tone did not proceed from his feeling for her (of that she was convinced), but that tone covered something.
There are 4,566 registered NGOs which conduct and disseminate public awareness programmes, monitor and publicise human rights violations, conduct strategic litigation and provide legal aid in various cases.
Report of the Pacific Regional Seminar
Recalling its resolution 58/261 A of 23 December 2003 on the financing of the Mission and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 63/296 of 30 June 2009,
International Tropical Timber Agreement, 2006.
Recognizing also the serious challenges facing social development in Africa, in particular illiteracy, poverty and HIV/AIDS, the scourge of malaria and other major communicable diseases,
Urban and rural populations of more developed and less developed regions
Spironolactone
The purpose of the research agenda is to support implementation of the Plan of Action.
For those operations (typical recycling operations) the Protocol applies until the completion of the subsequent disposal operation specified in D1 to D12 and R1 to R11of Annex IV of the Convention.
Sustainable Development - Preparations for Barbados + 10
2031. The Human Rights Commission has increased its stock of videos which are made available, with some restrictions, to the public, especially schools and professionals working in/with schools.
Annex
In conclusion, I would like to welcome the guests who are joining us today at the opening of the Summit proceedings.
3. Expresses deep regret over the loss of four lives and offers its deep sympathy and condolences to the bereaved families of the victims of this tragic event;
Tenth emergency special session
This method has developed the software to design the centralizer arr.
Statement of the President of the Council of the International Seabed Authority on the work of the Council during the nineteenth session
However, I do want to make clear that I swore in frustration at the paparazzi's behaviour.
What you have to do is to saw the log in two.
Hygiene regulations, such as those in the pharmaceuticals or food and beverages industries, which require cleaning of measuring point so as to leave no residue and thus ensure a sterile process sequence, can be fulfilled by the use of a chemical seal in "Quick coupling" design.
This workshop, to be conducted in English, will be held on Thursday and Friday, 8 and 9 November 2001 from 9.45 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.
You keep your mind on what you're going to be doing out there tonight.
At length the ship groaned and creaked; the thick planks gave way under the lashing of the sea as it broke over the deck; the mainmast snapped asunder like a reed; the ship lay over on her side; and the water rushed in.
6. Constitutional, legislative and institutional reform with regard to the rights of indigenous peoples has continued to make ground in countries such as Burundi, Cambodia, Morocco, Norway, Nicaragua and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat, in cooperation with countries concerned and with the relevant organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, to continue to take appropriate measures to enhance world public awareness of the work of the General Assembly.
Recommendation by the Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee to list hexabromocyclododecane in Annex A to the Stockholm Convention and draft text of the proposed amendment
G. Outstanding warrants of arrest
Any miscarriage or failure of justice is irreversible when, in a cruel and inhumane way, the punishment deprives one of his or her right to life.
168. The number of women engaged in income generating activities is increasing steadily.
Furthermore, the State party submits that Irfan Yildirim was socially integrated and did not have a criminal record.
If everyone is doing good, then no body will forget, and no one will care forgotten.
Taking into consideration the report of the International Narcotics Control Board for 2005 and the report entitled Alternative Development: a Global Thematic Evaluation, prepared by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime,
24. Reaffirms the urgent need for the international community to strive for the fulfilment of the agreed target of 0.7 per cent of the gross national product of developed countries for overall official development assistance as soon as possible, an increase in the share of funding for social development programmes commensurate with the scope and scale of activities required to achieve the objectives and goals of the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development and the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development;
(e) One representative from a Western European or other State;
Stories were entertainment and that was the end the matter.
23. Additional ongoing initiatives, such as the Collaborative Partnership on Forests Sourcebook on Funding for Sustainable Forest Management, the Financial Information Engine on Land Degradation (FIELD) of the Global Mechanism of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification which provides information on sources of financing for sustainable land management and includes sources relating to forests, and the Collaborative Partnership on Forests portal on forest-related reporting are noted.
The rule is to avoid extreme clothes.
When it comes to jarred baby food, there currently is not an entire line of baby food that is gluten free.
The Acting President: The Fifth Committee adopted draft resolution II, entitled "Support account for peacekeeping operations", without a vote.
(c) To assess the alignment between the programme of the GM and that of the secretariat, and the conformity of the programme of the GM to the guidance of the COP;
Regarding similar provisions in national law, Peruvian law provides that in times of natural disaster, public and private media shall air programmes orienting the population in civil defence actions free of charge.
France* (2005), Germany* (2005), Italy* (2005), Malta* (2005), Portugal* (2005), United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland* (2005)
Department for International Development, United Kingdom
Provide general education for the general public (women, men, families, village head, village volunteers, clergeries, monks, nuns, commune councils) on not transmitted diseases such as cancers, high blood pressure, diabetes, mental health and so on and show where to access health services, health check-up and appropriate treatment.
The next car the boy stopped did not take him into the centre of Paris as he hoped it would.
 Tunisia, whose borders are being eaten into by the desert, is genuinely optimistic that the objectives of the Convention will be realized.
He was on at me again to lend him money.
Percentage
Promoting full employment and decent work for all
Because things turn best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
The two commissions also continue to jointly support the Programme's six project working groups (on water and energy resources; transport and border crossing; trade, statistics; information and communications technology for development; and gender and economy).
She recalled the positive and warm environment of the Hague International Forum, held in February 1999, which the Netherlands had so generously helped to coordinate and financially supported.
VI. Proposed immediate steps
32. The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its monitoring of the implementation of existing laws against selective abortion and female infanticide and to enforce them through fair legal procedures that sanction officials acting in excess of their authority.
O-Parts Hunter
CVR(T) Samson
It was created in 1985 as a non-profit volunteer association and since that time has grown into a fully functioning centre for battered women.
A second common non-mandatory rule concerns the right of the secured creditor to assign both the obligation secured and the security right that relates to it.
99. Project objectives were split into two major phases, both functional and geographical.
5. On 8 June 2004, counsel informed the Committee that they had no comments on the State party's observations.
3 September 1986
Basic statistics -- population and education
Do you have the coat in large?
3. Economic growth is accompanied by the production of wastes which are often hazardous to health and the environment.
It had to be faced one day on her own; it was too beautiful to stay away forever.
TDF2 live television satellite
Addendum
C.0
Of all the works in praise of the Lushan scenery, his poem and Li Bai's waterfall are equally famous.
Municipalities of the canton of Uri
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
May I see your passport, please?
52. An introductory statement was made by the representative of the secretariat of UNCTAD.
It was for these reasons that both the Commission and UNJSPB had recommended, and the General Assembly had concurred, that the current arrangements should apply.
Replace indicators of achievement (a) (i) and (ii) with the following text:
Total expenses
Fifty-fourth session
My delegation is deeply grateful to all the co-sponsoring States for their support and hopes that many more will join us in the coming days.
The attempt to reform the system of mental health, and particularly to de-institutionalize chronic patients, is accompanied by actions aiming at the de-stigmatisation of people with mental health disabilities.
4.17 The subprogramme will give special emphasis to supporting African regional peacekeeping military needs; strive for formalized arrangements with peacekeeping partners; encourage and increase the participation of female peacekeepers; assist regional organizations in their efforts to set up peacekeeping forces; formulate and issue cohesive military-related peacekeeping policies; introduce modern management practices; increase synergy and cooperation between military and police components; continue to review the United Nations Standby Arrangements System and encourage Member States to participate in it; and enhance the capability of the military component to deploy rapidly during the start-up of a peacekeeping mission or during a crisis in existing peacekeeping missions.
However, while many are dedicated only to common criminal activities, others operate in a manner similar to that of the former paramilitary organizations.
鈥楯esus锛?man锛?how dirty you are锛佲€橧 said锛庘€楧on't come near me with those hands锛庘€?
Large-scale operators, often with well established production networks in agricultural areas or empty industrial buildings.
I was like, oh, my gosh, We're going to win.
 14. Several ACC members noted that the implementation of at least part of this recommendation was already well under way.
Add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices.
Just a moment , please, I'll work it out.
There is no room for complacency.
In November 2012, UNODC consulted with experts nominated by each regional group regarding preliminary analysis of results received from questionnaires completed by Member States.
The detection device realizes the multi-channel parallel processing of detection signals, the signal processing is stable and the response sensitivity is high.
When one realizes that all those pictured are billionaires a subtle political theme is raised.
II. United Nations Programme on Space Applications: schedule of training courses, workshops, conferences and symposia for implementation in 2002
When you find yourself in a hole the first thing to do is stop digging.
It invites the Committee and its subsidiary bodies to bring to the attention of the Council, on a regular and timely basis, coordination issues and common challenges related to conference follow-up.
3. Recognizes that the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the fulfilment of the obligations of States parties under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women are mutually reinforcing in achieving gender equality and the empowerment of women, and in this regard welcomes the contributions of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to promoting the implementation of the Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session, and invites States parties to the Convention to include information on measures taken to enhance implementation at the national level in their reports to the Committee under article 18 of the Convention;
The AWG-LCA requested the secretariat to make the document available before its fourth session.
241. According to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations/Department of Field Support Fuel Operations Manual, the Mission should maintain the strategic fuel reserve at the level of 30 days of supply under normal circumstances.
(d) The accounting policies of the organization, as summarized in note 2 to the financial statements; these accounting policies have been applied on a basis consistent with the preceding financial periods.
I should never have expected you to deny yourself anything for my sake.
23. The second regional ministerial conference on piracy, held in Mauritius on 7 October 2010, adopted a regional strategy that provides for a regional framework to prevent and combat piracy and promote maritime security.
PBC/3/GNB/L.1/Rev.1
19 September 2006
(a) Work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space on the general exchange of information on national legislation relevant to the peaceful exploration and use of outer space;
He stated that SMCC was at a crossroad as the process had been questioned by some of its members, namely, New York and Geneva staff representatives, who were absent from the session.
Enterprises are satisfied with quality of services.
Note verbale dated 5 March 2001 from the Permanent Mission
Tianjin is an important industrial base, and is the logistics center in North China with the world-class quay.
Its both the supercomputer that runs your complex life and the tender organ that houses your soul
23. In paragraph 10 (i) of its report, the Board recommended that the Administration undertake a review to see whether the elimination of 59 posts as envisaged when the United Nations Office at Nairobi was established was actually achieved.
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the information it receives from these institutions, and looks forward to continuing to benefit from the information it derives from these bodies, which has enhanced its understanding of the issues before the Committee.
The Society of the Friends of the A B C affiliated to the Mutualists of Angers, and to the Cougourde of Aix, met, as we have seen, in the Cafe Musain
(b) South-South cooperation for development: report of the Second Committee (A/64/425/Add.2); draft resolution (A/64/L.37)
This is our starting position at the negotiating table.
16/18. Combating intolerance, negative stereotyping and stigmatization of, and discrimination, incitement to violence and violence against, persons based on religion or belief 43
Entry number is not exhausted, but no longer valid, should also re - apply for a visa.
12. The Third Meeting of the Working Group on the Asian Highway, held in Bangkok on 4 September 2009, adopted amendments to annex I of the Intergovernmental Agreement that were proposed by China, India and Kazakhstan.
2. Draft resolution A/C.5/61/L.37 was adopted.
For much of the postwar period, dispute settlement was a weak link in the GATT system.
Other activities under consideration, but which are not yet part of the formally approved Basic Space Technology Initiative workplan, are the development of a nanosatellite code of conduct, as a self-policing initiative of the nanosatellite community and as a possible contribution to the discussions under the agenda item on the long-term sustainability of outer space activities in the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, and the initiation of discussions with launch providers to consider making available free or low-cost launch opportunities for international nano- and small satellite projects.
Alex Cabrera
Item 4 of the provisional agenda
The help desk operations will run in multiple shifts.
The figures in article 61 are considerably lower than other non-maritime conventions and this may cause a problem in some multimodal contracts of carriage where the damage is non-localized.
Structure: tyre components and definitions of technical terms
- torture (Art. 1431).
95. Belgium, in its written comments submitted in 1967, referred back to the text adopted by the Commission in 1962 and objected to the linking of the termination of provisional entry into force to mutual agreement.
7. An escalation of fighting between Government and opposition forces in eastern and western rural Deir ez-Zor led to the closure of road access into and out of Deir ez-Zor city, resulting in shortages of food and fuel supplies.
Thus, a most significant function of the map is to reveal an synoptic picture() of conditions in the atmosphere at a given time
His bodyguard was armed with a pistol.
 This visit provided an opportunity to meet the managers of many projects financed by the Fund and obtain a considerable amount of information.
In this moment, resolve that you'll find ways to reclaim the essence of anything you can't stop grieving.
That line was drawn by the United Nations and recognized by the Security Council as confirming, for purposes of resolution 425 (1978), the withdrawal of Israeli forces from southern Lebanon.
Adolf Tolkachev
States should continue these efforts and place high priority on enhancing legal and policy frameworks for the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women, including by integrating relevant measures into national development plans and programmes and poverty eradication strategies.
4. Sustainable building and construction guidelines are implemented on a pilot basis as a contribution to the efficient use of resources in crisis-affected countries [four pilots].
602. The existing and proposed new Labour Codes do not address matters of occupational safety and health, vocational training and skills development.
Cassandra is his victim.
Sawfly
The existence of the duty to seek assistance as set out in draft article 13 [10] was supported by a majority of the members of the Commission, but opposed by others, since in the view of those members, international law as it currently stands does not recognize such a duty.
Work became more pleasant for some, but not for all.
The budgetary provisions were based on the average of 348 international staff (after the application of a 30 per cent delayed recruitment factor), while the actual average number of international staff during the reporting period was 323, owing to the high turnover rate and difficulties in attracting the selected candidates for assignment to UNMIT.
 These actions constitute serious setbacks to peace and might undo the entire peace process.
It is also concerned at the provision of the Civil Code stipulating a different minimum age of marriage for girls (16 years) from that of boys (18 years).
Agenda item 126: Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
Our Navy kept the seas clear of enemy vessels.
It recognizes the role of Maori women in families and is implemented by more than 200 health, social and community providers.
The collection of data on companies' experiences with non-tariff measures through national enterprise-level surveys and the facilitation of private/public dialogue on survey findings and trade-related implications will continue.
A year ago, we met at this historic venue to adopt the 2005 World Summit Outcome Document (resolution 60/1), in which we acknowledged that peace and security and development and human rights were the pillars of the United Nations system and the foundations of our collective well-being.
A People's Court shall, within three days from the date of accepting a case of private prosecution, inform the defendant that he has the right to entrust persons as his defenders.
Russia is again urging Iran to stop uranium enrichment to end the international standoff over its nuclear program.
It is inappropriate to use assignments submitted in previous years as a source.
This work will be of limited use unless there is real engagement with users of climate change statistics.
He bent double, hugging his thin chest inside his cloak, then drew himself up to his full height.
It also participated in the customs union within the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States.
The experimental results show that the distribution of ultraviolet irradiance can be homogenizing by changing gray value.
Jeffery the Giant had many friends.
UNEP/FAO/RC/COP.5/INF/16 Additional information on Safe Planet: the United Nations Campaign for Responsibility on Hazardous Chemicals and Wastes
3. If, after the preliminary examination referred to in paragraph 1, the Prosecutor concludes that the information provided does not constitute a reasonable basis for an investigation, he or she shall inform those who provided the information.
They also provide for the punishment of any civil servant or public employee who arrests, imprisons or detains a person in circumstances other than those covered by the law.
Department of Safety and Security
the next day , he personally led the attack that cracked the american defenses and sent them reeling back.
- 1969-81 -- Delegate of Tunisia at all meetings of the Intergovernmental Committee of the World Food Programme, and the Committee on Food Aid.
At the same time it should be stressed that temporary migration programmes cannot resolve all the problems that migration has to face; it is essential that the formulation of these programmes be based on respect for the rights of migrants.
 He recalled that at the World Summit for Social Development, heads of State and Government had made a commitment to encourage the contribution of people of all age groups and foster dialogue between generations.
It is expected that the three new vessels will be in operation by 2009.The total cost of the three launches is estimated to be $117 million.
Ever since the US realized that it had chosen the wrong region to be regional with, it has been trying to win a seat at the Asian table.
Those pictures of starving African children brought a lump to my throat.
There are no hotels or guest houses, but accommodation for visitors may be arranged with one of the Territory’s families on prior application to the Island Magistrate.
But overall most countries that suck in foreign money show the classic signs of an economic bubble.
Finally, we found that it is suitable for the variety of sewing process and different kinds of styles in the apparel industry.
This working paper aims at assisting the working group in this endeavour by providing information about technical assistance provided by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) as well as lessons learned in that respect.
Industry Focus on Telecommunications
As part of the Intra-Departmental Task Force, the Division prepared a plan to implement the Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People, as a component of the Department's Plan of Action for the Decade.
Professor at the Faculty of Economics of the University of Panama.
The Committee furthermore decided to establish an ad hoc working group to prepare a risk management evaluation for each of the chemicals in question, which would include an analysis of possible control measures for the chemical.
The provisions which prohibit domestic violence include the following:
The following United Nations entities were represented at the Meeting: the Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Telecommunication Union.
Monday, 30 October, from 3 to 6 p.m.: Arabic
First, it is aimed at bringing about a cease-fire and the cessation of hostilities, a prerequisite for any serious, fair and meaningful peace negotiations.
In fact, among the poorest groups, basic incomes would enhance the dignity- and solidarity-enhancing effects of work, by easing some of the pressure on people – particularly women – who are now vastly overworked.
Stockstadt am Rhein
Could you baby - sit for us on Friday?
Those lost nursery rhymes  resounding  near my ears, everthing seems freshly and lively as before.
In order to stable operation, phase compensate network is provided to eliminate self-excited oscillation.
Exchange regulation used to be a simple matter.
Both the beneficial factor of the perceived usefulness and playfulness and the sacrificing factor of the perceived price were identified for assessing the value.
Decomposition of polygon is one of the most fundamental problems in geometry processing and computational geometry. It has a very wide range of applications in engineering.
Nigeria was committed to translating economic growth into equitable social development that guaranteed a dignified existence for all, in particular women and children.
Poverty is manifested not only by material deprivation but also by a lack of recognition and dignity; inadequate access to employment, education, health services and justice; and a lack of voice and political representation.
Therefore, it would be useful if the issue of disclosure of the identity of designating States could be reconsidered with a view to allowing for such information to be provided where necessary to the fairness of the process, without the requirement of obtaining the consent of the relevant States.
8. Emphasizes that the promotion of regional, subregional and interregional cooperation can have a catalytic impact on poverty eradication efforts and offers many benefits, including the exchange of best policies, experiences and technical expertise, the mobilization of resources and the expansion of economic opportunities and conditions favourable to job creation;
Observations and recommendations
(b) Second sessional period in 2000: November/December;Dates to be determined.
Based on the analysis and summary of nonlinear differential bifurcation and chaotic dynamical systems for the electromagnetic field in the transverse magnetic field and mechanical load coupled large deflection under current-carrying non-linear behavior of rectangular plates has been studied.
Treasure map
However, these policies are based on economic criteria and are not aimed at "minority groups".
You could become a good musician, but your lack of practice is holding you back.
You can also drag and drop additional text to add to the text already on your clipboard.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.36
 It fell to the ministers in attendance to make their own declaration recognizing the obvious importance of this and other findings in the second Assessment Report of the Interdepartmental Panel on Climate Change.
Recognizing that women play a vital role in the social and economic development of their countries and, therefore, profoundly concerned by the fact that out of 33.6 million people living with human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) today, women now represent 46 per cent of all people over the age of 15 living with HIV and AIDS,
Adopted at the 111th plenary meeting, on 29 May 2012, without a vote, on the basis of draft resolution A/66/L.45 and Add.1, sponsored by: Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Estonia, Finland, France, Gabon, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Latvia, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Panama, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Rwanda, San Marino, Senegal, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay
Pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 2003/31 and rule 15 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions, the Commission is invited to open, at the end of its reconvened twentieth session, on 13 December 2011, its twenty-first session for the sole purpose of electing the Chair, three Vice-Chairs and the Rapporteur for that session.
They keep on asking me what I do to the plants at home as they look so shining and healthy.
Objective To provide the basic figures for evaluating the effects of the education of cancer prevention and the early detection of cancer cases.
I would also like to express my appreciation to Under-Secretary-General Nobuyasu Abe and to Mr. Sergei Ordzhonikidze, Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament.
Objective: To study the diagnosis and surgical treatment of esophageal perforation.
(e) Awareness-raising, capacity-building and technical assistance;
Solving Cementing Challenges in Complicate Formations Via the MTC Technique
If the worker is not rehired, the employer must pay him, at the choice of the worker, either an indemnity equivalent to a fixed sum representing six months' gross remuneration, or an indemnity representing the damages actually suffered by the worker, in which case the burden shall fall on the worker to prove the extent of the damages suffered. This indemnity shall only be due if the worker has not been rehired and the layoff or the modification of the working conditions have been judged to be in violation of the provisions of law.
Tourism and related services
Conscious of the important role played by the United Nations in fostering international cooperation and developing practical strategies to prevent and combat transnational crime in all its forms and dimensions,
Agenda item 54 (b)
(a) Better physical condition of United Nations premises.
Already, 5,000 tons of bombs have been dropped and more than 1,500 cruise missiles launched against Yugoslav territory, resulting in the pollution of the environment.
Look, let me clarify something for you.
The international community should pay the necessary attention to the issue and take urgent measures to halt the Israeli destruction of the Palestinian economy and the natural resources of Palestine and the occupied Syrian Golan.
21 March 2013 1055 to 1150
For the first 60km going north, schools, brick houses and tin roofs suggest greater prosperity.
Many of the peasants were very poor
Although he'd been schooled in the Nazi youth movement, he didn't believe in the Aryan-supremacy business any more than I did.
Mitch1981
This represents a huge loss to both SET organizations and the economy as a whole.
Furthermore Japan appreciates the growing ability of those two forces to work together to ensure security in the country.
Adoption of the agenda
Protocol for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Fixed Platforms Located on the Continental Shelf, done at Rome on 10 March 1988.
What is placement-tied course?
9. In order to complete the third stage of the democratic journey a committee has been established under the chairmanship of the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs and Transitional Justice.
Compliance with best practices and confidentiality requirements suggests, therefore, the need for a more generalized use of the online version.
International Confederation of Free Trade Unions
OECD Advice Ottawa and Voorburg groups
It is important for us to learn English well
Structure design and thermal control study are two basic tasks for a deployable structure orbit.
" I had not thought they could all be so calm together.
The European Union was ready to engage positively in discussions on the related resolution and make a constructive contribution to the Conference.
The United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs is pleased to announce the launch of its newly revamped and improved Web site <www.un.org/disarmament>.
1. At its fifty-sixth session, on 29 November 2001, the General Assembly adopted resolution 56/27, entitled "The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East", in which the Assembly:
FS
3. Refugees 77 — 79 22
My charge for the complex, which I laid out in December of last year, most recently, is to further reduce that nuclear weapons complex, reduce it by another 20 or 30 per cent, to take another 9 or 10 million square feet off that complex.
Herrera del Duque
Nobody has the right to borrow this book forever. 6.
I disagree with Mr Graham on this one.
Further promote regional and international cooperation by mobilizing partnerships and networking with other Parties, IGOs, NGOs, the private sector, state and local government and community-based organizations (EC);
On several occasions, long-simmering local conflicts have escalated into alarming waves of violence, at times triggering vicious cycles of attack.
It was reported in the Cyprus Weekly of 5 April 2002 that eight F-16 fighter jets and a number of vessels belonging to the Greek air force and navy participated in these manoeuvres.
6.He that thinks his business below him will always be above his business.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD) expressed concern about allegations received of instances of police misbehaviour towards ethnic minorities or persons of non-Spanish origin.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Public administration and development", under agenda item 41 (convened by the delegation of the Republic of Korea)
The Technical and Vocational Education and Training sub-programme currently provides 5,101 vocational and technical/semi-professional training places in eight training centres (two in Jordan, three in the West Bank and one each in Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic and the Gaza Strip).
Leo: Yes. Yours is a butterfly.
Each party shall keep 2 copies of both the English and the Chinese versions. Each copy of the Contract in either language shall have the same legal binding force.
However, one example is the lack of human relevance of kidney tumours in male rats associated with compounds causing α2u-globulin nephropathy (IARC, Scientific Publication N° 147).
127. There is scope for following up more systematically on the discussions at the annual event on philanthropy.
Go on! Look at them! These are not statistics.
140. A proposal was made to delete the square bracketed language as it was previously mentioned in the draft preamble.
It is also anticipated that such activities would be insignificant in volume, in view of the limited number of visitors, mostly tourists from the host city, anticipated.
Suriname
These measures, and their underlying policy considerations will, to a large extent, address the concerns expressed by the Joint Inspection Unit in its comments on the OIOS report.
According to a recent survey four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.
Background materials, including the provisional agenda and organization of work, are available on the Financing for Development Web site at the following address: <www.un.org/esa/ffd/tax/sixthsession/>.
Once a critic, Kobe has finally turned the corner on his young center.
Information should be sent to the Division for the Advancement of Women (e-mail mcdougalls@un.org or selcuk@un.org; fax 1 (212) 963-3463), no later than Friday, 30 November 2007.
2. The first three global sessions of the Commission on Sustainable Development acting as the preparatory committee for the World Summit on Sustainable Development have been disappointing.
71. In its institutional strengthening efforts, CONAPREVI has pursued coordination through the signature of individual institutional agreements with:
Indeed, the global stock of reserves has more than tripled since the Asian financial crisis.
In resolution 59/266 the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue his ongoing efforts to attain equitable geographical distribution in the Secretariat and to ensure as wide a geographical distribution of staff as possible in all main departments and offices of the Secretariat.
22. The reason for the proposal to list Gramoxone(R) Super in Annex III was the occurrence of a number of poisoning incidents during the agricultural use of Gramoxone(R) Super (operator exposure) in the field under conditions of use that are reported to be common in Burkina Faso.
The results of the survey will be compiled and submitted to UNESCO for further study.
Families report problems organizing activities and travel when children in different schools have different holidays.
16. In addition, a process of accumulation of land, often through violent means, has forced many peasants to abandon their land under threat from large landowners or their agents.
7.2 In response to a request by the Committee, the State party submits information on the procedure set forth in its domestic legislation to deal with complaints of torture.
A/64/313
Comparisons of the Division's performance over time are therefore limited.
The representative of Pakistan, coordinator of informal consultations on this item, made a statement and introduced draft decision A/C.5/55/L.57.
Annex II
ll take a cup of coffee.
Initially, and in close collaboration with the Government, the Institute conducts a comprehensive diagnosis of the country's green growth potential and its internal and external challenges.
56. They hurried on because it was getting dark.
Livestock exports, which historically have accounted for some two thirds of hard-currency earnings, were at record-high levels in both 1994 and 1995.
It would not be the preference of ICRC to create a legally binding document or one that aimed at standard-setting.
The Committee may decide to consider the question of admissibility of a communication and the merits of a communication separately.
We have adopted the usual international practices in our foreigntrade work.
CCW/GGE/III/INF.1
The country's unequivocal support for the NPT stemmed from its constitutional commitment to the renunciation of the use of force.
The specific technical issues for consideration at meetings in the various regions will vary depending on the designated national authorities participating.
And though some of those views seem to be easily brought into line with one another, other views clearly excluded each other.
In the fields of production and scientific eXPeriment, mankind makes constant progress.
Stewart Magginis (IUCN): The Role of Planted Forests in Forest Landscape Restoration
The final agenda, the allocation of items included in the agenda and arrangements for the organization of the session are adopted by the General Assembly by a simple majority.
Saiga semi-automatic rifle
Yet, the full scope of requests for activities cannot be accommodated within the limits stipulated for the core budget.
AFRICAN GROUP OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
8. As part of efforts to protect and publicize indigenous women's rights, four presentations to promote the book, Diagnóstico de la Discriminación hacia las Mujeres Indígenas [Assessment of discrimination against indigenous women], published by the Commission in 2004, were given in Mexico City, D.F.; Morelia, Michoacán; Chihuahua, Chihuahua; and Mérida, Yucatán.
New guidelines issued by WHO in 2010 suggest that antiretroviral therapy should be started earlier on in pregnancy than it used to be and that it should be continued while breastfeeding to protect the infant from infection.
Christ frees us from the bondage of sins power.
Authority to exceed these amounts must be granted by the card administrator in UNDP.
The Meeting also recommended that States give consideration to the development of appropriate anti-corruption legislation applicable to the private sector.
The properties that the trustee obtains by way of managing, utilizing, disposing of the trust property or by other means shall also be deemed as trust property.
The field office account transactions are translated into United States dollars using the United Nations operational rates of exchange, as established by the United Nations Controller, in effect at the date of the transaction.
Noting that the country's economic growth rate had fallen to 0.4 per cent in 1998, she said that when the economies of developing countries were subjected to structural adjustment programmes, women and children were always the first victims of the resulting economic difficulties.
The Third Meeting of States Parties, held in Managua last September, represented an opportunity to affirm once again the commitment of all States parties to eradicating, as quickly as possible, these cruel and cowardly weapons.
The double black holes were found in a bright, highly active galaxy known as NGC6240, about 400 million light-years from the Earth.
Item 78 of the provisional agenda*
Deposit $ 100 will be payable free 2 months use of golf lockers.
Furthermore, inadequate distribution of water, along with the increasing scarcity and widespread misuse and mismanagement of water, poses a serious and growing threat to sustainable development.
12. Highlighting the strong relationship among and interdependence of peace, security and sustainable development, the United Nations System Staff College, together with the Centre for International Peace Operations (ZIF), initiated a process of rethinking how to better link development efforts with modern peacekeeping and peacebuilding interventions.
This aggression illustrates once again that the Israeli entity is directly supporting armed terrorist groups and proves beyond a doubt the extent of coordination between Israeli enemy forces and those terrorist groups.
 5C (A/49/5/Add.3); (v) United Nations Institute for Training and Research: Supplement No.
UNTV provided regular coverage through UNifeed, its six-day-a-week satellite transmission service.
It was also discussed which kind of information from providers would better answer the technology orientated items which are currently included in enterprise or household surveys.
"20. We reaffirm that responses to climate change should be coordinated with social and economic development in an integrated manner, with a view to avoiding adverse impact on the latter, taking into full account the legitimate priority needs of developing countries for the achievement of sustained economic growth and the eradication of poverty.
This is possible using a range of techniques, including conventional plant breeding and genetic modification (GM) technology.
Of course, people who held much wealth in real estate or stocks have taken heavy losses
- Table 22: Numerical indicators of inactive women
There were three persons who asserted they had penetrated to the end of the forest and that they had always heard the wonderful sounds of the bell but it had seemed to them as if it had come from the town.
V. Offering effective protection to child victims of violence
A training programme targeting teachers and supervisors had focused on the use of techniques, such as sign language interpretation, that improved the performance of children with disabilities in the classroom.
(d) Improving economic governance at the national, regional and international levels and international economic cooperation more generally.
It is essential to the legal process McDougal says that a formally sanctioned authority to make decision be conjoined with an effective control ensuring the execution of these decisions.
These interlinkages have led to increased awareness among women and girls about their rights, as have reports of cases of violence and increased awareness among traditional and religious leaders about violence against women and girls in relation to sexual and reproductive health.
Vitamin D also may protect against heart disease.
Take notes as fully as you can.
Of course, countries with ecological deficits can often fill part of the gap through global trade – if they can pay for the necessary imports.
Abstains from eating meat during Ramadan?
Projects on the Codex work in tandem with discussions on the wp-docs mailing list and the IRC #wordpress-docs channel.
The United Nations must keep its promise to the people of Darfur.
Lesotho*
(ii) Investigations into allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse by professional investigators with a background in sex crimes, particularly those involving children;
Maintain focus on one or two major goals (not too many) and work steadily and gradually towards these.
With respect to the alleged violation of articles 7 and 10, paragraph 1, of the Covenant because of the length of time spent on death row, it refutes the view that the Judicial Committee's judgement of 2 November 1993 in the case of Pratt and Morgan v. Attorney-General of Jamaica is the authority for the proposition that a person has been subjected to cruel and inhuman treatment if he has been on death row for more than five years.
83.86 - 92 and 83.102. In compliance with Sudan's commitment under the ICCPR the death penalty in the Sudanese laws is confined to the most serious crimes.
This is one of the first American poems to be widely praised in Europe.
The relative motion between the tool and workpiece during face grinding was analyzed based on the motion diagram of ultrasonic vibration assisted grinding.
We have no doubt that -- with your experience, diplomatic skill and great patience -- you will leave a distinct imprint on the work of this session.
Page
4. 50-year-old Azeeza Alkaseer;
These risks and vulnerabilities are further aggravated for migrant domestic workers who are non-documented or in an irregular situation, not least because they often risk deportation if they contact State authorities to seek protection from an abusive employer.
" "The first thing I saw was that you weren't here.
The draft articles on diplomatic protection adopted at the Commission's fifty-fourth session were a balanced reflection of customary international law yet incorporated some progressive developments.
 1. Agricultural equipment and supplies cannot be air-freighted directly into the country but must be imported via third countries, resulting in additional costs amounting to approximately $700,000.
If you leave things on the floor, they get trodden on.
58. Mr. Mohammed Belhocine, Resident Coordinator of UNDP, Tunisia, highlighted the role of the Resident Coordinators and the United Nations country teams in promoting the strengthening of national policies and plans for the prevention of NCDs and injuries.
Commercial Information Circular No. 89/2009
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, we wish you every success in your endeavours and assure you of the full support of the States members of the European Union in this process.
Inter-State complaints (article 21): Yes
1916 introductions
Several countries, including Canada, Denmark and Japan, have also signalled interest in supporting the Mission's constitutional support activities.
In Arkin's system a robot trying to determine whether or not to fire would be guided by an "ethical governor" built into its software.
Ho : YAG laser vaporizes, cuts and repairs torn menisci through its photo thermal effects.
 Only those delegation lists submitted before 28 May will appear in the first provisional list of delegations.
Various reports expressed the support for the use of genuine end user certificates, which reflects the real destination of the goods in question.
A code of professional conduct for defence lawyers has been adopted by the Chambers upon the recommendation of the Registrar.
"Yes, count, you know what I told you?
At the regional level, harmonization of national laws with European Union human rights principles, including the prohibition of racism and discrimination, have benefited indirectly the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action.
He always done the other thing.
54th meeting Advancement of women [102]
A post office savings account of Rs 100 is given to all children having the BCG vaccine administered.
Basco Ltd.
Pereyaslav Council
31. FDI flows to the service sector at large and to the electricity and wholesale and retail sub-sectors in particular have been on the rise in recent years, challenging the dominance of the extractive industry.
When no more letters came from her, I knew she was no longer in Canada.
The decision to decentralize UNIDO's operations was taken by Member States when the Conference endorsed the Business Plan in December 1997.
Mr. José Antonio Doig (Peru)
I just heard that seven people are going be laid off next month.
United Nations
An appeal was made to UNDCP to continue to promote alternative development.
Pursuant to a request made in the Commission on Human Rights, he would be leaving for East Timor that same day, together with the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, arbitrary and summary executions and the Special Rapporteur on violence against women.
It is not clear at what point he decided that violence was the solution to the ills he believed were tearing European civilization asunder.
The controversy has not been matched, at least in public, in many other countries.
The State fulfilled its positive obligation of prevention by declaring a curfew and publishing a toll-free hotline (800-020-20) for reporting human rights violations.
cook ---Cook a good breakfast for your brother.
 In the meantime, the Palestinian Authority had requested the UNCTAD secretariat, earlier in 1995, to initiate action on an urgent basis regarding some priority issues covered under the proposed programme.
Test results on melamine
V. UPDATING These guidelines shall be reviewed and revised, as appropriate, [by consensus,] in accordance with decisions of the COP/MOP, taking into account any relevant decisions of the COP.
Second, deepen cooperation in the economic and trade field to achieve mutual benefits and win-win results.
"Recognizing that an independent and impartial judiciary and an independent legal profession are essential prerequisites for good governance and the protection of human rights,
Accordingly, the task group had concluded that the criteria set out in paragraph (b) of Annex II had been met.
LIBRA (Sept. 24 - Oct. 23) Short trips may be tiring but rewarding. Travel should be on your agenda.
An optimization design method for implementing regional coverage satellite system with common-track constellation is proposed.
Report of the tenth Meeting of States Parties
The Federation is a participating member of the Inter-agency Working Group on Sexual and Reproductive Health and HIV convened by WHO (2008-present).
A shift to a territorial system of taxation would remove the disadvantages faced by American multinational corporations and encourage them to reinvest their overseas profits at home, increasing US employment and profits.
Costa Rica
The taxi stop is right over there.
7. Further welcomes the increased interaction and coordination at the staff level with the institutions involved prior to the special high-level meeting of the Council;
" "Oh Lord, my husband has fallen into the river!
Application of anti-sense RNA in plant genetic engineering
VI. Land issues
In 1832 annual consumption continued to average less than a pound  250 cups  per person.
In Northern Ireland, ICRE initiated a Regional Stewardship Alliance that was intended to be a program that would be supplementary to the work of the elected Assembly for Northern Ireland.
Choline can help improve your memory.
(a) Invited papers on recent developments in geospatial information management in addressing national, regional and global issues;
792 If you insist on your original price, I'm afraid you will have little chance to get the business.
The municipality of Jerusalem has given priority to a development programme for the eastern neighbourhoods of Jerusalem, in coordination with the Government of Israel.
I used to be able to keep two assistants , but now I only keep one .
10. Requests UNDP, during the pilot period, to include a progress report on the pilot in the annual report of the Administrator, and an overview of contributions to pooled funding and sector budget support in the annual review of the financial situation;
But the disinhibition, the aggression, masked facies With a blank stare that we had talked about earlier, are all fairly good indicators.
Share of the average wage of women in the average wage of men (in %) by age category
8. The Advisory Committee was further informed that, for the periods from 1 July 2010 to 30 June 2011 and 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012, the estimates for peacekeeping operations, which have a different financial period, would total approximately $14 billion.
Ground Floor, 181 Hip Wo Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Existing innovative health financing mechanisms, such as UNITAID, new innovative sources which could arise from the work of the High Level Task Force on Innovative Financing, increased sectoral budget support, and use of the International Health Partnership and related initiatives such as the International Health Partnership+, were cited as effective vehicles to increase donor funding for health.
The outcome of the Doha trade negotiations, in particular in agriculture, will have a profound impact on the access to food of people living in poverty throughout the world.
18. Requests the Secretary-General to provide the International Law Seminar with adequate services, including interpretation, as required, and encourages him to continue considering ways to improve the structure and content of the Seminar;
OP-CRPD Optional Protocol to Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
(i) Developing and/or strengthening institutional capacity for economic diversification;
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
They reported on initiatives on asset recovery, including the Asian Development Bank OECD Anti-Corruption Initiative for Asia and the Pacific, the regional asset recovery network established by the Financial Action Task Force of South America against Money-Laundering, the Asset Recovery Inter-Agency Network for Asia and the Pacific and the Group of Eight (G-8) asset recovery action plan.
5. At the same meeting, the Director of the Division for Economic and Social Council Support and Coordination of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs made a statement.
Delegations are further reminded that the inscriptions with the List of Speakers for the plenary meeting as well as the participation at the roundtables will close at 1 p.m. on Tuesday, 23 October 2007.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Estimates indicate that the region's oil revenues totalled $93.94 billion in 1999, a 35.8 per cent increase over the 1998 level of $69.15 billion.
Promotion of the realization of the right to drinking water and sanitation
12.30 p.m. - 1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Kam Shan Country Park, Tai Po Road (Carpark)
Traverse Key Map (Sheet No.11-NW)
6. At its 48th meeting, on 13 December, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the adoption of Economic and Social Council resolution 1993/63 of 30 July 1993 (see para. 7, draft resolution III).
55. The United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT) supported the development of the NEPAD cities programme, designed to increase South-South cooperation in meeting urban-rural development challenges.
The report of the independent commission of inquiry set up by the Government of Burundi has not yet been released.
Costs of fixed assets are capitalized and are included on the balance sheet when the assets are first acquired.
about eight months...off and on.
34. All the Governments consulted raised serious concern over the risk that the fighting in Mali could spill over into the neighbouring countries and contribute to radicalizing the refugee camps.
Americans were living beyond their means, and the higher saving rate is needed if the American baby boomers are ever going to retire in other than genteel poverty.
The State party further submits that only a married person can be convicted of adultery; it therefore seems unlikely that the author's lover would have been sentenced to death as claimed.
China"s entry into the WTO is not only conducive to China"s reform and opening-up process, but also beneficial to global prosperity.
On the other hand, we observe important achievements in the field of humanitarian assistance, which is significant, given the unusual number of natural and man-made disasters that have occurred.
Having concluded its consideration of communication No. 760/1997 submitted to the Human Rights Committee by J.G.A. Diergaardt et al. under the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
Rule 71
(Signed) Claude Heller
The situation has been observed to be particularly acute in developing countries, and children are particularly affected.
Addendum
Furthermore, Ireland pledged Euro100,000, to be paid in two annual instalments of Euro50,000 in 2009 and 2010.
You could even use toilet paper holders, Ernst said. On second thought, he wondered if he could patent that idea."
The economic and financial crisis should not be used as a pretext for slowing delivery of agreed commitments.
(b) Schools offering preschool, primary or secondary education must have an organized plan for students with special educational needs and are to encourage teachers, teaching assistants and other education staff to take part in those plans.
Apart from basic costs students want to spend money on interpersonal relationships and entertainment.
(iii) That the United Nations Statistics Division, the Siena Group and international agencies collaborate with countries to strengthen national capacity to conduct relevant surveys on a sustained and integrated basis, drawing on the experience of those national statistical offices that have a successful system of multiple surveys, including multi-purpose as well as specialized surveys;
He also stressed that those relations were part of a regional approach and that they were centred on Afghanistan as an economic bridge, not a political rival to any country in the region.
Several delegations also expressed their gratitude to Estonia for providing written responses to the advance questions.
C. (c) Nominations for Co-Chairs of the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee and the Foams Technical Options Committee
53. She agreed that States' interpretation of federalism posed a problem and that international trade conventions could have a negative impact on women, as could economic restructuring agreements between States parties and the international financial institutions.
14. The Secretariat agreed to continue to work with BNP Paribas to resolve all outstanding issues.
Don't allow the lights to stay on after people leave the office.
 It should be a system in which no country can aspire to hegemony or abuse its influence, a system that supports the peaceful settlement of disputes.
I'm going to teach English to some immigrants in the university's community service program.
Denizen is a global brand for men and women, and its tailoring - still equipped for all those global curves and tall statures - remains unchanged.
Swaziland
The Governing Council, at its twenty-second session, adopted resolution 22/3, in which it invited Governments to "widen the geographical scope of the initiative and to expand the range of capacity-development approaches in order to support local authorities in addressing climate change".
19. Noting that progress in the area of human and social development had been particularly slow, she said that urgent action must be taken to protect vulnerable groups and mitigate the negative effects of shocks on education, health and poverty.
Its decisions set forth approximately 30 policy options and some 100 practical measures and actions.5
Therefore, eating foods which are anti carcinogenic is the first step in keeping cancer specialists away.
Particular attention was given to the participation of these groups in political, economic and social life and the need to combat discrimination in education.
The State party should review, through its relevant institutions, including governmental and judicial mechanisms at all levels, all local regulations in order to ensure they are in conformity with the Constitution and with ratified legal international instruments, in particular the Convention.
Experimental applications of GIS for such purposes were conducted for two study areas, the Lake Peipsi region of the Russian Federation and Estonia, and the Soca valley of south-western Slovenia.
Service design, transition and service improvements GSC
The social crisis accompanying transition to a market economy has hit women harder than men.
significanceIt was not until the early 18th   century that the significance of the event was generally realized
You had better take a floppy disk to copy the useful information.
:: Resolute international and national efforts to combat proliferation financing;
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Details on the costing parameters underlying the funding levels of the standard funding model are provided in annex XI (see also paras. 196 to 201 above).
On the basis of that Constitution, granted by Prince Albert I and drawn up by renowned French jurists and internationalists (Louis Renault, André Weiss and Jules Roche), Monaco became a genuine constitutional monarchy.
Improve the formulation of resource requirements for air operations in budget submissions to make them more reflective of actual operations, bearing in mind the overbudgeting of air transportation requirements in some peacekeeping operations (para. 3).
Resource requirements (before recosting): $6,648,900
In 1997 Ipas had a total of 46 staff members in three country offices: Brazil, Mexico and the United States.
An expansion of the peaceful use of nuclear energy must be carried forward in a manner consistent with nuclear non-proliferation commitments and standards.
Mitchell's unshakable positive attitude has earned him appearance on the "Today Show" and "Good Moring America" .
It is our hope that the meeting of the Quartet planned for next week in New York will contribute, through the adoption of vigorous decisions, to providing a new impetus for the road map and to promoting the swift advent of an era of peace, freedom and prosperity in a spirit of unity in the Middle East and Palestine.
Furthermore, we must not forget that, before 5 April, the Non-Aligned Movement showed great flexibility in presenting a proposal that received the explicit support of other delegations.
6. The current period in terms of support to peacekeeping operations has been marked by a dramatic increase in peacekeeping activity.
Basing themselves on the humane principles and norms of the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 for the protection of war victims and the additional Protocols of 8 June 1977, as well as on the other obligations arising out of the provisions and principles of international humanitarian law,
Recalling its resolution 61/239 of 22 December 2006, entitled "United Nations common system: report of the International Civil Service Commission",
One CN-235 Turkish military aircraft infringed international air traffic regulations and violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering the Nicosia FIR and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC, having departed from the illegal Tympou airport.
She agreed with the High Commissioner for Human Rights that global security must be grounded in human rights, the rule of law, social justice and enhancing democracy.
As an increasing number of States adhered to the Convention, the impact of the reciprocity reservation lessened.
(a) Took note of the report on the activities undertaken by the Delhi Group on Informal Sector Statistics and acknowledged the progress achieved in its successive meetings towards the development and refinement of a harmonized definition of the informal sector and its measurement methods;
In particular, the Office has prepared an analysis of the legal and practical challenges to prosecuting suspected pirates and is gathering information on relevant national legal systems, including those of coastal States.
The many benefits that can be derived from such activities have led to an increased interest in establishing basic capacities in space technology development, including in developing countries and in countries that had previously only been users of space applications.
They made tables predicting eclipses and the orbit of the planet Venus.
17. During the course of his work, the Special Rapporteur has been asked to provide assistance with constitutional and legislative reform initiatives aimed at harmonizing national frameworks with relevant international standards.
Providing better services for rural areas will not just help cover the basic needs of the rural population; it will also lead to increased agricultural production for improved food security and will control increasing income inequality, thus improving social cohesion as well as the rural ecological system.
It called upon the treaty bodies to embark, with urgency, on the elaboration of clear guidelines concerning the admissibility of information provided by sources other than States parties.
Magdeburg hemispheres
Chinese Caribbeans
H.E. Mr. Navinchandra Ramgoolam
Special equipment
Members of the Council, Mr. Annabi and representatives of participating troop-contributing countries had an exchange of views.
This kind of lending has great potential in the Palestinian situation and can be highly beneficial, especially in the short and medium term.
Another million are homeless.
The Organization embodies the common ideals and endeavours of the international community.
a hawkweed with a rosette of purple-veined basal leaves;
The Mainland of China :Final Ruling on Anti-dumping Investigation Against Imports of Toluene Diisocyanate (TDI 80/20) from Japan, the Republic of Korea, and the United States
The new format would make it possible to measure policy and institutional outcomes that were directly linked to the Organization's three thematic priorities.
Campus life is the most splendid time.
The Human Rights Council,
Kangnai approaching to the world famous brand.
Overview of decisions adopted by the Executive Board at its annual session 2002
15. Strategic planning has declined from the status it acquired in the mid-1960s, because it is not the same as strategic thinking.
Employers have tended to make sure that they have fewer than 20 women workers expressly to evade that obligation, and consequently an amendment to the article in question has now been drafted: under the amended wording, article 72 will refer to "not fewer than 20 workers" on the payroll, instead of "20 women workers".
With the conclusion of the cold war, the world is focusing most of its attention on other problems, new and old, which now make up the world agenda - problems such as the current restructuring of systems of economic relations and international politics.
(c) Note by the Secretariat on follow—up to the consideration of reports under articles 16 and 17 of the Covenant (E/C.12/1997/7).
Unemployment in Germany last month recorded its biggest monthly drop since the country's reunification 17 years ago, underscoring the robustness of the rebound in Europe's largest economy.
The session was opened by the outgoing Chairman of the Committee, Ambassador Mihnea Ioan Motoc (Romania).
Second, unlike many other small countries, Mauritius has decided that most military spending is a waste.
As a State party to the Chemical Weapons Convention, Kazakhstan is strongly committed to its obligations under that instrument.
Podemos tener picante, por favor?
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
Compared with the circular nozzle, the asymmetry two-dimensional one is much difficult to form because of its complex structure.
Outside the sun-slothed breeze blows everywhere, but it is not so lively as that which stirs the gloominess inside the house
Every effort must, however, be made to exhaust all other options before sanctions were imposed.
42. An indigenous representative of the Indian Council of South America said that the indigenous representatives were discussing the draft declaration on the basis of the mandate set out in Commission resolution 1995/32.
33. Fulfil the Government aim of limiting the use of capital punishment promptly by reducing the scope of crimes subject to the death penalty (Norway); reduce the number of offences punishable by the death penalty (Germany);
The total proposed for maintenance costs is $525,000.
(i) Those appointed by decree of the President of the Republic from among persons agreed by the Parties Members
After all, it had appeared to do so – at least for those who did not suffer from legal discrimination or its legacies – for the entire post-WWII era.
Recognizing that globalization, driven largely by economic liberalization and technology, implies that the economic performance of a country is increasingly determined by factors outside its geographical borders and that the equitable sharing of the benefits of globalization requires managing the processes of globalization through a strengthened global partnership for development to achieve the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals,
That's important for easing the impact to our users.
The first plenary meetings of the Assembly under the presidency of Sheikha Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa were marked by an extremely difficult debate over an issue that was procedural in nature, but had a substantial political bearing.
Specific instructions for completing the movement document
Antigua and Barbuda
To lay out import filters test, interchangeable standard and flow.
According to statistics, in 1998 railway traffic mileage in these areas totaled 17,300 km, or 4.6 times the 1952 figure, and the highway traffic mileage, 374,100 km or 14.4 times the 1952 figure.
The result of the Russian Presidential election proves once again that Russia's development path and its domestic and foreign policies have been widely supported by its people.
(a) The UNOPS execution of the UNDP project `Africa-Asia Business Forum III', INT/02/906 and INT/02/923.
For enterprises and institutions under the jurisdiction of a people's government at or below the city or county level, such decision shall be made by the people's government of the city or county
The reported 1991 value for the emissions from the energy sector appears to contain a technical error (182,722.3 Gg compared with 2,382,402.0 Gg in 1990 and 2,017,364.5 Gg in 1992).
The athlete is able to jump two meters.
United Arab Emirates
Dicyclopentadiene : Noxious liquid. Handle with usual caution: do not ingest. If it is spilled on skin, rinse well with water.
After succeeding in sailing round Cape Horn, Chichester sent the followiing radio message to London: I feel as if I had wakened from a nightmare
(a) bis Continue to examine the economic and social implications of demographic change, and how they relate to development planning concerns and the needs of individuals; Under discussion.
Reforms to the Civil Code and the Criminal Code in 1982 and again in 2005 had aimed at removing those provisions, and further amendments to the Civil Code and Labour Code had recently been submitted to Parliament.
1. Requests the President of the sixty-ninth session of the General Assembly to continue consultations based on the above-mentioned recommendations prepared by the President of the sixty-eighth session, with the aim of reaching a conclusion during the sixty-ninth session in the context of the post2015 development agenda;
Mr. Mohamed Ahmed Allaoui, Président de la Commission Nationale;
Recommendation 75.26
Military activities were conducted with complete disregard for the safety, health, well-being, human rights and political, economic and social development of the people of Puerto Rico.
At the current corporation tax rate of 28 per cent, that means the bank will be able to offset losses against future profits, lowering its UK tax bill by as much as $8bn.
It responded to the emergency by identifying in 4.3 minutes the epicentre and hypo-centre of the earthquake and by estimating its precise magnitude.
In the City of Buenos Aires, adolescent births accounted for 5 per cent of births in 2001, whereas in Chaco, which has the country's highest rate of adolescent births, the rate was 24 per cent (Ministry of Health, 2002).
3. The Committee also had before it a note by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/7) containing a list of three Auditors-General (or officers holding the equivalent title) nominated by their respective Governments for appointment to the Board of Auditors for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 July 1999.
I can't understand him behaving like that.
Very few of the reporting States highlighted efforts to address such factors as poverty, unemployment, gender equality and the economic empowerment of women and girls in their own countries.
Algeria
Mr. Ford died of cancer.
6. The growth impact of commodity prices was particularly strong for oil-exporting countries.
71. The High-level Committee on Programmes (HCLP) has provided the forum for the launch of an inter-agency initiative on trade facilitation.
it's a fun way to be part of a festive crowd and practice performance skills in the meantime.1
Evolution of the economy 7
We are hampered by a lack of access to financial and technical assistance, a lack of human and infrastructural capacity and, unfortunately, a lack of attention and coordination.
Provide technical advisory services for application development & system knowledge.
m sure youll need money Let me know if you need money
But after a day or two, Grossman would have sensed that something was still very much amiss.
He must keep his wits about him to see just how other people shaved him down.
The evaluation in Ethiopia indicated increased awareness on the part of local residents of the twin need for accountability by government officials and elected representatives, and transparency in the political and policy processes - both crucial elements to improved local governance.
I think it's that you feel helpless.
In general, locally incorporated companies with less than 100 employees are eligible to apply.
In July 2000, the University of Maryland, in the United States, committed to helping the Territory introduce more advanced agricultural technologies, in particular for improving its management of pastures and the production of pork and dairy products.
Berca
As the new century dawns, China's diplomacy will undoubtedly see greater progress.
Yi-Liu dialect
We launch a satellite into orbit and use it to bounce messages from continent to continent.
 371. The Ministry of Culture is responsible for museums, archives and the movable heritage.
English idiom is a form of language with coloring, it is concise, vivid, harmonious and offhanded .
Toxicity Exposure Ratio
The ruin of the house was caused by a violent tornado.
The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East
 We hope to receive a prompt and positive response so that the legitimate claims of indigenous peoples will not be lost in the labyrinths of international bureaucracy or the oblivion of another 500 years of solitude.
I am sorry, Miss Huang . Are you OK?
I return from the region proud to be a member of humankind.
This book brings together a team of 35 international experts.
(I am thirty)(I am dirty)(The Party) Please intimate You will be intimated shortly(Please let us know  You will be informed shortly(Malcolm Muggeridge)(The last Englishman would be an Indian) I am understanding it (She is knowing the answer( Your good name please
Remedy: Effective remedy, in the form of appropriate compensation, and to make such legislative changes as are necessary to avoid similar violations in the future.
4. The Conference took note of the report of the Credentials Committee issued as document BWC/CONF.VII/6.
Creativity, knowledge and information are the key to success.
as of 30 June 2000 B. Distribution of staff subject to geographical distribution among developing and other countries, 1996-2000
The consultation also sought to ensure that inclusive and sustainable development priorities are not overlooked but rather closely integrated into global macroeconomic, financial and regulatory policy initiatives put forth by the G20.
Representatives of the United States Geological Survey made a presentation on the Centre for Earth Resources Observation and Science (EROS) and its activities in remote sensing and monitoring of the land surface for achieving sustainable development, including for addressing issues such as desertification, carbon sequestration and a range of other sustainable development interventions.
It's stipulated that arbitration shall take place in China. In all our past contracts signed with you, it was stipulated that arbitration took place in a third country.
EEC Trust Fund for Support to the Electoral Process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Report of the Secretariat
Sport in Ireland
Therefore, there is not much inducement for business to make investments, which further reflect on low capital formation.
The international community should honour its commitments and provide the assistance necessary for the on-going efforts in the social and economic areas, which were two sides of the same coin, as the Secretary-General had stressed in his report on the issue (A/58/172).
Grand Canal which was dug up over one thousand years ago starts from Northern Chinas Beijing, running through Tianjin City, and Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces,and ends in Eastern Chinas Hangzhou.
Indigenous peoples have the right to determine the responsibilities of individuals to their communities.
Germany
1:16 The Lord give mercy unto the house of Onesiphorus; for he oft refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain: 1:17 But, when he was in Rome, he sought me out very diligently, and found me
During that time, he met the love of his life, he raised a family, and he graduated from college Magna Cum Laude.
For example, satellite communications would be an unruly and disorganized activity if States did not recognize the need for common standards and practices.
A boy was born to a couple after 11 years of marriage. They were a loving couple and the boy was the apple of their eye.
Before concluding, we wish to express our appreciation for the work done by the Support Group for Nicaragua which, under the leadership of the Secretary-General, is playing a very active and dynamic role in supporting efforts at economic rehabilitation and social development in the country.
Upon further review of the responsibilities and functions of these positions, and taking into account the extensive knowledge of local customs and traditions required for this position, UNOCI considers that a National Officer post rather than an international post would be more suitable.
Upon contemplation of the issue of a deportation order, the deportee must be served with a notice containing the reasons for his proposed deportation.
It also highlighted the urgency of adapting it to, and equipping it for, the new realities in which we live, which are certainly quite different from the situation and circumstances that prevailed when our Organization came into being.
At least some good would have come from the drought, then!
Seeing what a pitiful sight he was, the man promised to save him and hid him in the cellar.
In the same flexible and constructive spirit, as we stated in connection with the proposal contained in L.1 of 31 January 2008, we believe that the proposal contained in CD/1840 represents positive progress in the search for consensus which we should take advantage of.
Encouraging trends and developments can be observed.
The big man 's voice boomed out above the rest .
The Chinese government attaches great importance to the issue of arms control and disarmament, and works hard to promote the sound development of the international disarmament process.
After education, the percentage of the people who married early and had children early dropped to below 1 percent and the birth defect rate, to below 8 per thousand in 1991.
Training fees, supplies and services
Allow me once again to express the concern of my Government on an issue of great importance, namely, the increasing trend of defence lawyers in Arusha and some members of the academic world to trivialize and openly deny the fact of the genocide, which nevertheless was recognized by the Security Council through the very establishment of the ICTR.
Lastly, since various forms of organized crime were major sources of funding for terrorism, his Government advocated an integrated approach to combating those phenomena.
23. Calls upon the inter-agency Programme Advisory Committee of the United Nations Trust Fund in Support of Actions to Eliminate Violence against Women, in consultation with the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality, to continue to provide guidance on the implementation of the 2010-2015 strategy for the Trust Fund and to further enhance its effectiveness as a system-wide funding mechanism for preventing and redressing all forms of violence against women and girls and to give due consideration, inter alia, to the findings and recommendations of the external evaluation of the Trust Fund;
Powerful new computers will make the human race as a whole better off.
It is expected that the political debate will gain further momentum once the process of drafting the electoral laws has been finalized and public consultations undertaken.
I thought this would be an interesting and different way of finding summer employment.
At its second session, in 1946, the Economic and Social Council invited Member States "to consider the desirability of establishing information groups or local human rights committees within their respective countries to collaborate with them in furthering the work of the Commission on Human Rights" (resolution 2/9 of 21 June 1946, section 5).
133. Training events on the protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism for public officials involved in counter-terrorism, under its Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights programme were convened in Belgrade in June 2006, Astana in September 2006, Baku in February 2007, and London in March 2007.
Six new instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession to the Kyoto Protocol were received during the session, raising the total number to 29.
3. Reduction of the level of UNLB inventories dedicated to supporting the activities of the Global Service Centre by 3 per cent
When they ask for permission to smoke in a friend's home, they are embarrassed to watch the friend hunt for an ashtray.
"Recalling that the Millennium Declaration stated that while globalization offers great opportunities, at present its benefits are very unevenly shared, while its costs are unevenly distributed,
"Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, the 2005 World Summit Outcome and the outcome document of the high-level plenary meeting of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals,
 32. The Chairperson pointed out that the Committee had presented to the Fourth World Conference on Women a comprehensive report containing a serious analysis of its work, the obstacles to the implementation of the Convention and the challenges that would have to be faced in the future (A/CONF.177/77).
Passa Tempo
Where a resolution of the board violates any national statutes, administrative regulations or the articles of association, and causes the company to incur serious loss, those directors participating in the adoption of the resolution are liable to the company for damages.
Of the unspent balance of $5,526,600, an amount of $293,553 remained uncommitted as of 20 March 2001.
Assets written off or lost
To be held on Tuesday, 23 February 1999, at 1.25 p.m.
His annual report on the law of the sea and sustainable fisheries contains much useful information and provides a good basis for a comprehensive assessment of the current situation and for defining future collective measures in that area.
Table 11 has been deleted from the CRF, as it does not provide any information that might be used in the review process; it has also been made redundant by the information that is reported in the status reports that are being prepared as part of the review process.
16. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination;
Cooperation in this zone towards peace and development would promote the establishment of global security and stability.
Eritrea
The chip in the card also allows you to tap automated kiosks for subway and train tickets, which is a time-saver if there are long lines at the ticket counter.
So again I say, what matters is what you believe.
PFOS and its salts are not genotoxic, however, a two-year bioassay in rats has shown that exposure to PFOS results in hepatocellular adenomas and thyroid follicular adenomas.
 The problems of southern Africa remained a major preoccupation of my Government during the past year.
11. The Conference welcomes the completion of the conceptual framework for integrated safeguards by IAEA, which will usher in a system for verification that is more comprehensive, flexible and effective than current mechanisms.
You are not an indentured servant. lf it's not a whim for you. . . you prove it to him by your conviction and your passion.
The cumulative impact of these factors has a very negative effect on people's health.
18 January 1994b
 (b) The political will that the Governments of recipient countries have exercised at the international level for moving rapidly towards greater national execution should be matched by the exercise of similar political will at the national level by effectively taking over UNDP projects for execution, and whenever possible, implementation;
Over three decades, we have accumulated experience in national and integrated regional development planning and have, therefore, fully embraced our primary responsibility for our own development.
26. The Permanent Forum welcomes the cooperation with the World Heritage Committee and recommends that the Committee's advisory bodies to work in close cooperation with the Forum as well as indigenous peoples.
Human Rights Council
Seine, having started arbitration proceedings in relation to the claim originally brought in Colorado, asked stay of Pensa's counterclaim pending arbitration, on the grounds that the Colorado decision prevented Pensa from bringing its claim before the B.C. court when the Colorado court had ordered it to arbitration.
52. In paragraph 11 (e), the Board recommended that UNRWA review its policy on the pre-financing of donor-specified projects in view of the adverse effects it could have on the implementation of other projects and the impact on the cash flows of UNRWA.
We can say that the opera reform of Gluck lays a solid foundation for the development of Italian opera and the later brilliancy.
South-South cooperation in industry, technology and enterprise development is also on the rise, mainly through the building and strengthening of regional and subregional transport and communication links.
Organizational structure and post distribution for the biennium 2004-2005
Provided legal defence for opponents of apartheid, including members of the African National Congress, Unity Movement, Black Consciousness Movement and Azanian People's Organization.
In Eritrea, national policies for poverty reduction, food security, education, STIs/HIV/AIDS and gender were formulated with UNFPA support.
The growth of heavy industry have influence other industry.
Despite repeated complaints from vendors and United Nations staff, and although these facts were well known throughout the business community in Kinshasa, this fraudulent conduct continued uninterrupted.
There was no schools in the village before liberation.
(g) Article 7.
I. Design Information
Healthy volunteers took fexofenadine, an antihistamine used to fight allergies, along with either a glass of grapefruit juice, a glass of water with naringin (which gives the bitter taste to grapefruit juice), or plain water.
On the other hand, while attempting to satisfy certain pressure groups led by certain non-governmental organizations in their own countries, the draft resolution does the opposite.
Sinagra, Sicily
Because of this busy time it felt drop by back at home in Finland.
4. The sale of petroleum and petroleum products originating in Iraq will be monitored by United Nations independent oil experts appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to assist the 661 Committee.
Ofter used for: Room decorated, Hospital, Nursing home, School, Hotel, Office, Gym, Pet shop, Wardrobe, Refrigerator, Air conditioner etc.
This law not only protects motherhood but also fatherhood: when a child is born, the father is entitled to five days' leave.
Mr. Loayza Barea (Plurinational State of Bolivia) (spoke in Spanish): The delegations of Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela and the Plurinational State of Bolivia joined in the consensus on resolution 65/162, which has just been adopted. However, we would like to clarify our position on some important points that we wish to be included in the record of this meeting.
Their mainstay borrowers are companies, most of which are still directly or indirectly government-controlled.
The Committee also acknowledged further progress made in fostering cooperation with international, regional and subregional organizations and other entities, and in developing a working relationship with non-governmental organizations to facilitate the implementation of resolution 1540 (2004) by States.
The mandate for the World Youth Forum can be found in paragraph 125 of the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond, which states that effective channels of communication between non-governmental youth organizations and the United Nations system are essential for dialogue and consultation on the situation of youth and implications for its implementation.
For this purpose they hung him from a pole that they threaded under the ropes around his ankles and under his handcuffs so that he was facing the ground while they beat the soles of his feet.
Instead, the same trends that spell the demise of government control create new routes to success.
In addition, six assignments were planned in 2008, five of which were completed and one of which was deferred to 2009.
Substantive offices
Despite years of bloody strife, the Western way of life has continued to encroach on Muslims.
For good or ill, democratic sentiment will win out, and Britain’s human-rights record, while imperfect, remains strong.
36. Calls upon all the parties to the agreements of 23 March 2009 to fulfil their commitments and accelerate the implementation of all aspects of the agreements, and requests the Mission to assist in this regard by helping with the integration of the armed groups and the establishment of mechanisms for resolving local disputes as foreseen in those agreements;
The number of spinning disks in external enterprise storage continues to increase every year.
The impact of all of this on the national debt and on Japan’s interest rates could be staggering.
The balance of unpaid contributions with respect to the first year of the 2013-2014 budget was Euro363,968.
(Special consultative status granted in 2000)
She's an adult and so is gary And even if lda went over there   i'm sure he could handle it.
`Nothing WHATEVER?
Mr. Djacta (Algeria) introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Nonetheless , the accrued returns will both strengthen the nation and ensure a better life for all Chinese citizens . 62.
Reconciliation will not begin until those suspected of committing the most serious crimes, especially war crimes, are brought to justice.
The Committee is concerned, however, that, rather than appointing new gender equality officials in ministries and the government structures of municipalities, as required by the Law on Gender Equality in Society, line ministries and municipalities have often extended the portfolio of existing staff instead.
If not, it may affect the progress of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.The external contacts of the SCO will continue to develop in the next five years.
To that end, he emphasized Algeria's legal obligation and moral responsibility to protect the rights of the Tindouf refugees.
21. Policy recommendations made by the CSTD include:
25. Ireland is developing proposals for a Constitutional Convention.
And now you're asking us to trick her?
Enhanced activities in addition to the ISU's core work plan
Accurate completion of information for inventory, real estate, plant and equipment, leases, and intangible assets.
Notes:
On behalf of a State, the Republic of San Marino, that has always based its peaceful coexistence with other States and the spirit of its profound national and international solidarity on aspirations for international peace and security, I would like to express my complete confidence in the long-term effectiveness of the United Nations system.
1. Integrated global management
he's going through withdrawal.
Its main tasks include:
Changing this parameter will enlarge your room size.
That decline can be attributed to a high mortality rate due to malaria and infectious diseases, mainly tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS, typhoid and diarrhoeal illnesses.
Dashan : Hello. My name is Dashan. I need to see a doctor.
of work of the Commission
:: Accountable security sector established and functioning
X. ADOPTION OF THE REPORT
51. Mr. Rastam (Malaysia) emphasized the inalienable right of each State to choose its own political, economic, social and cultural systems.
The text ought, for instance, to take into account the possibility of a conflict of international obligations.
Little progress has been made in fulfilling the Special Rapporteur's wishes with regard to migrant workers, the "brain drain", family reunification, refugees, etc.
Trade and Development Commission
(a) To manage the government IT budget and IT investment across the Government and evaluate the effectiveness of government IT projects, programmes and investment.
Observation on the therapeutic effectiveness of intradermal injection of Diprospan for treatment of keloid in 120 cases
Only a few countries in the region had formal schemes, albeit covering small parts of the population.
17. The Committee notes the lack of information on the measures taken by the State party to implement the recommendation of the National Electoral Commission to amend the provisions of its Electoral Code in order to ensure greater security and transparency in the conduct of elections.
But the Frenchman was dull and unresponsive.
f Act of making a person timid or fearful or of deterring by threats.
The Special Committee was the only United Nations forum entrusted with responsibility for studying and analysing all aspects of peacekeeping operations as well as drawing lessons and setting principles and guidelines for improving peacekeeping operations.
Etc.
95. The list of speakers will be open from Wednesday, 3 October to Friday, 9 November.
The Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish texts of the present Protocol shall be equally authentic.
The analysing group further noted that there remained one State Party - Uganda - with a deadline in 2009 that neither submitted a request in 2008 nor, as of 4 March 2009 had completed implementation of Article 5.
32. The CHAIRMAN said that he would gladly suspend the meeting if he saw any hope of reaching agreement on whether the matter should be assigned to the Sixth Committee or as a sub-item to the Third Committee.
'Why do some people seem to manage their lives, have good relationships and cooperate to achieve their goals while others do not?
A legislative and organizational framework to regulate migratory processes was currently being developed.
A sentiment of ease comesover you as you head out to conquer the day.
The Millennium Development Goals are fundamentally related to the basic need of people to attain a normal life.
A cute pair of kitten heels or a pair of flats with the right amount of arch support is a much safer bet.
The share of primary medical care services, the largest component of the health programme, was approximately $10.
These concerns constitute the substantive content of the Special Rapporteur's mandate.
The adult literacy rate is 98 per cent.
be guided by the following principles:
Reducing nuclear danger
the news Monday all about a former NL MVP runner-up. Deal not finalized just yet, pending physicals and approval. . .
captured american soldiers, some of them apparently wounded.
The captian sailed his ship through the narrow passage.
28. Areas identified for inter-mission cooperation in implementing disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes included harmonization of planning and agreement on policies and eligibility criteria for special groups such as foreign armed combatants and women and children associated with armed forces.
(b) ERP software evaluation and selection;
If the doctor had been available, the child would not have died.
The author did not hold the State responsible for the sexual abuse nor for the injury to L.C. as a result of her suicide attempt.
We're a couple of sharp kids, and he's just an old man.
"2.4.2.4 Division 4.1 Solid desensitized explosives
Do you understand their interrelationship?
With local and foreign aid groups already reluctant to support the new makeshift camps, arguments loom.
June 2000
57. The Board noted that the membership of the Internal Audit Committee excluded outside representation.
Brown said the final deal included agreement on tighter regulation of hedge funds, tax havens and the banking system.
This fellowship, as most members are aware, was first introduced by Nigeria 32 years ago.
Italian Grand Prix
Assistance was provided to the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights to improve its procedures and working methods, and the project supports the Commission in its catalytic role in establishing an African Court on Human and Peoples’ Rights.
8. Accordingly, should the General Assembly adopt draft resolution A/60/L.34 and its amendment (A/60/L.35), additional resources in the amount of $196,200 would be required under section 27, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007.
GROUP OF 77
4. Training and research [90]
51. To combat the worst crimes committed against children, including child prostitution, human trafficking, and child sex tourism, the Union had adopted a directive on human trafficking, and would also be adopting a directive on child sexual abuse, sexual exploitation and child pornography by the end of 2011.
A. United Nations system
Interights (International Centre for the Legal Protection of Human Rights)
43. It should be noted that even if data on travel costs have been included in the surveys, no rate of reimbursement for travel cost has been established by the Assembly.
He had two more miles to go.
Noting with serious concern that, as highlighted in the interim report by the Independent Expert on the effects of foreign debt and other related international financial obligations of States on the full enjoyment of all human rights, particularly economic, social and cultural rights, despite the scarcity of available public data, most illicit financial outflows are from developing countries and that, despite increased efforts by the international community to curb the flow of illicit funds, recent studies indicate that such flows grew in real terms by an annual average of 8.6 per cent, exceeding the average rate of economic growth in developing countries, over the period 2001 to 2010, and it is estimated that developing countries lost between 783 billion and 1,138 billion United States dollars in illicit financial outflows in 2010, while, as indicated in the comprehensive study prepared by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the negative impact of the non-repatriation of funds of illicit origin to the countries of origin on the enjoyment of human rights, in particular economic, social and cultural rights, only about 2 per cent of the estimated funds of illicit origin annually leaving the developing world are repatriated to their countries of origin,
Rather than punish the economy of the most populous US state, the new California law might be just the thing needed to kick investment in green technologies into high gear.
If anything, such an Indian reaction would play into the hands of the terrorists, by strengthening anti-Indian nationalism in Pakistan and diverting forces away from the Afghan borderlands, where they are aiding NATO’s fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda.
(c) Institutional cooperation, through training and technical assistance, with a view to reinforcing the rule of law and good governance, and the efficiency and transparency of the administration;
Name
Member States will be informed soon of the way forward to continue those negotiations.
Bhadohi, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh
The inside time lag of monetary policy is one factor that influences the Central Bank to achieve the desired target of monetary policy.
This time the jailer might not be as silent as usual, but speak to Dants, and seeing that he received no reply, go to the bed, and thus discover all.
The consultations continued at the 3rd, 4th and 5th plenary meetings, on 17 and 18 February.
And she put him in the sledge beside her, wrapped the fur roundhim, and he felt as though he were sinking in a snow-wreath
USEPA United States Environmental Protection Agency
The Assembly has therefore reiterated its call on Israel for independent and credible investigations to ensure accountability and justice for the crimes committed.
The Committee considered that the crux of the author's complaints related to the alleged gender-based myths and stereotypes about rape and rape victims, which had been relied upon in the judgement of the trial court and which had led, apart from the acquittal of the accused, to her revictimization.
This was done to reinforce the concept that the company owns you and your time.
We stood firm that there would be equal treatment for everybody.
Disarmament Week
Advice on policy and procedures in respect of financial, budgetary and personnel matters
Despite recent financial market turbulence, the underlying dynamic of the world economy remains essentially unchanged.
Participatory Processes
(b) Undertake a survey and classification of work considered as being of equal value;
It was the first among the former Soviet countries to introduce an automated information-search system at border checkpoints to control migration flows.
3.5. Crime against humanity of enforced prostitution
31. Mr. Daka (Zambia) said that he associated himself with the statement made on behalf of the Group of 77 and China and that he supported any measure that would improve the financing of peacekeeping operations.
At the same   timeelectron  transit time of photomultiplier tube is obtained by means of cable delays.
According to the report, the Greek Cypriot administration also intends to acquire "Kentavros" armoured carriers from Greece.
416. Recalling that 150 recommendations had been made by delegations during the review in May, Kenya had accepted 128 of these recommendations and postponed the consideration of 15.
They totally support me.
Columbia Park, Torrance, California
37. The Board reviewed the directory of NGOs working on contemporary forms of slavery which was compiled by the secretariat and recommended extending the directory by including grass-roots NGOs.
The resultant Government Action Plan has given direction to the strategic approach by the State to Indigenous Affairs in particular the required framework to address child abuse and family violence in Indigenous communities.
The office block of the US Ministry of National Defence is a pentagonal building,which is called the Pentagon
Industrialised countries have accrued a large debt for past mal practices and they are now seeking to make amends.
2. Election of officers.
He was a military man to the core.
47. The third briefing was given by the Director of the General Assembly and Economic and Social Council Affairs Division of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management, who spoke about the organizational aspects of high-level meetings of the General Assembly, especially those held in September.
The Commissioner noted an increased awareness among the authorities and society about the difficulties and needs of Roma/Gypsies.
It was a chamber, perfect in the blue glow, as perfect as if someone had left it only a moment before.
I might have known that, as I came out of the vast and dismal forest, and entered this settlement of Christian men, the very first object to meet my eyes would be thyself, Hester Prynne, standing up, a statue of ignominy, before the people
Park will appear Lucent Hill, Coca Cola Lake, Lord tower, and a number of enterprises to name landscape.
Moreover, the development-related commitments made at Doha should not be used as bargaining chips in the negotiations on the so-called Singapore issues, namely, investment, competition policy, public contracts and facilitating trade.
(c) Took note of the information contained in document IDB.19/5;
Three years earlier, notwithstanding the efforts made by the Chairman of the informal consultations, Mr. Carlos Calero-Rodrigues, differences of views had remained on several questions, notably the criteria to be used in determining the commercial character of a contract or transaction, and measures of constraint.
Invites national, regional and international research programmes and organizations engaged in climate change research to further promote a multidisciplinary approach to address research on cross-cutting issues;
Mr. Enrique de la Torre
Assistance to Myanmar
One potential area for future WMO contributions is the implementation and maintenance of the land-based, marine-based and space-based observing programmes that will inform decision makers on energy potential at various sites, and therefore on appropriate sites for installation of potential renewable energy technologies.
The hippocampus has previously been found to be associated with quality of environmental input and stress.
II. Belgium 11
Second edition 2004.
Only as long as the USSR reacted with restraint did this challenge remain manageable.
The item was introduced by the Executive Director in conjunction with items 4 (c), 4 (d) and 7.
The scope of trade in services exceeds that of goods, since it is not limited to the cross-border movement of services, but encompasses the supply of services through establishment of a firm or movement of natural persons17 and movement of consumers.
m calling to make an appointment with you.
Violence against women due to denial of access to services
In agricultural products alone, the United States sold $700.1 million of goods to Cuba.
A recent study by Chinese authors states that there is no information available about the production of technical CN formulations in China (Pan et al., 2011), however a small quantity production (not specified) of octa-CN for scientific purposes was reported for Jiangsu province lately (China, 2011).
F. Summary
(a) Increased number of references in policy documents, academic literature and mass media to findings in the flagship publications of ESCAP
6. Further to the endorsement of the UNIDO LDC Strategy, the UNIDO Africa Programme and the LDC Coordinators have been organizing a number of country programming missions, in order to fulfil the high-level management commitments undertaken in November 2011, at the last LDC Ministerial Conference in Vienna.
We invite them to play a supportive role in the efforts of developing countries to integrate fully commitments and considerations on gender equality and women's empowerment and ensure the participation of women and effective gender mainstreaming in their decision-making, programme planning, budgeting and implementation, in accordance with national legislation, priorities and capacities.
A strong man can save himself.
These programs already have radically altered facades and floor plans or are expected to do so in the not- too - distant future.
This conforms to the fundamental interests of religious believers as well as to those of the various religions themselves.
Euro347 680
Minors are held with adults. Civilians are held with members of the armed forces.
That's a very narrow - minded viewpoint.
It would be difficult for the Committee to discuss the current report if it were available only in English.
8. Resolution 51/55 was proposed by the delegation of the Republic of Macedonia and co-sponsored by the delegations of Albania, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Ecuador, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Ukraine and the United States of America.
And immediately I had my soon-to-be stepfather, Dan, whom I showed no interest
Lin Ying
When the People's Republic of China was founded in 1949, only 20% of children could receive primary education, and the illiteracy rate was as high as 80%.
In the wake of this policy came a program of arms exports to Latin American countries.
It was first noted that the United Nations Convention on the Use of Electronic Communications in International Contracts (New York, 2005) had entered into force on 1 March 2013 with three States parties.
In his final book, The Bachelors’ Ball, published in 2007, the sociologist Pierre Bourdieu describes the changing gender dynamics of Béarn, the region in southwestern France where he grew up.
It really is traced to Keynes' great book The General Theory which in 1936 provided a new way for us to think about booms and recessions.
As a result, the activities and committees dedicated to that purpose, including the Woman Voice Committee, were disbanded.
Fuller information and analysis were needed in order to address the issue properly; generalizations and the imposition of measures that failed to take account of the specific characteristics of the phenomenon in different areas of the world should be avoided.
He regretted that the efforts of UNIDIR to find other sources of income had not been fruitful; however, if other resources were not available, UNIDIR must review its programme of work and sources of financing.
Although the review covers the period 1999 to 2002, background information has been provided on activities financed by the GEF since its establishment in 1991.
(801 posts) 907.7
BYes.Your account number,please.
Firstly, this is not a normal cycle.
2.2 During imprisonment, the author performed work, as required under section 41 of the German Enforcement of Sentences Act.
 The Chairman (interpretation from Spanish): This afternoon we shall be continuing with this exchange of views on general aspects and also in connection with any suggestion that may be made on the informal text circulated to delegations.
As the door turns on its hinges, So does the sluggard on his bed.
Accordingly, the State party was requested not to invoke its national legislation, specifically Ordinance No. 06-01 concerning the implementation of the Charter for Peace and National Reconciliation, against the author and members of his family.
10 a.m.
Each member of the Commission shall have one vote.
(Sound of a kiss) 1) recipient [ri5sipiEnt] n. 2) numb [nQm] a.
She also has 'come to the conclusion that it's good to get more women together,' and involved on work teams and at company meetings.
Resolution adopted by the Human Rights Council
But he protested so diplomatically that even Taiwan's IOC member can't hold a grudge.
Another misconception was that Internet systems are simple to build.
Prudent planning, therefore, requires the further reinforcement of UNMIL during this critical period.
There's only one person dying here today and It ain't me or Harding.
The subprogramme will adopt a multipronged strategy that incorporates cross-cutting issues, including gender-responsiveness and a rights-based approach, into policies and programmes.
- support and strengthening of the family;
27. The main output of the review will be a final report.
Yet this is precisely what occurred on 5 June.
Permanent Representative of France
Look at them all over themselves trying to get a quote.
Commercial enterprises and governments alike hope to adapt the technology to find useful patterns in “Big Data” of all kinds.
The representative of Mexico introduced draft decision A/C.1/56/L.60.
China will continue to play a constructive role in this regard.
Globe, its rival, says its mobile commerce platform has half a million active users out of 18m subscribers.
Men suck - it - up, while women tend to need more reassurance if something is bothering them.
After zookeepers recognized Temi was in labor, they kept close watch on her to ensure her safety and that of the calf.
23. Strongly appeals to all Governments, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and individuals in a position to do so to contribute generously to the Trust Fund for the Programme for the Decade for Action to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination, and to this end requests the Secretary-General to continue to undertake appropriate contacts and initiatives to encourage contributions;
The PCPTF (2014c) highlights that the use of PCP as a heavy duty wood preservative for utility networks has not been significant outside the USA and Canada, with some of the countries that have banned PCP for wood preservation not actually using it to a significant extent for this purpose (Canada and PCPTF 2014c).
Italy
Recognizing the important contribution of civil society, the private sector and parliamentarians to the Fourth United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries and its preparatory process,
34. The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) is almost totally funded by voluntary contributions to its general and special-purpose funds.
Companies and countries flush with cash increasingly view U.S. laws, regulations and attitudes as undue burdens
He proposes an in-depth expert review of the Secretariat's accountability framework, which could also reflect the outcome of consideration by Member States of his report on accountability (A/60/846/Add.6).
Note 8: Ex gratia payments
 (a) GPR No. 8 of 30 October 1993 concerning health services, etc.
In most sports today we can see an extension of this Martian competitive code. For example, in tennis I not only want to win but also try to make my friend lose by making it difficult for him to return my shots.
Oceans '88, Baltimore, Maryland, p. 752-761.
Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
It is, therefore, useful to consider criteria for evaluating the functioning of these institutions in terms of political influence on decision-making as part of an analysis of global partnerships in the context of the right to development.
He noted also the need for gender-sensitive and gender-specific indicators and for disaggregated data, whose lack remains an obstacle to adequate integration of gender perspectives into the promotion and protection of the right to development.
"Have you seen the man who has come from heaven?
Twenty-first session
D. Development
 Indeed, the promise of global peace and security and the vision of a new world order are inhibited by political and ethnic conflicts, economic and social disorder, and deepening poverty, particularly in developing countries.
Section II.B
Syria hosts the bulk of Iraqi refugees (an estimated 1.5 million), followed by Jordan (450,000-500,000).
The State party should continue to strengthen its efforts to improve detention conditions.
B. Closure of the session
88. Heads of departments, offices and missions will work under the guidance of the Department of Management to monitor programme implementation and report on achievements following a results-based approach.
The length of the luteal phase determines the time of ovulation within your menstrual cycle.
Iceland
Yours faithfully, Xxx  a.We have pleasure in sending you an order for Cosmetics
Bug Fixed bug with chat input and PIP overlapping while in spectator mode .
Dolores transcribes most of Howard's hand written notes, and helps to edit and proof read them.
21. Mr. Jafarov (Azerbaijan) said that Azerbaijan had been able to mitigate the negative impact of the global financial and economic crisis on its economy and had achieved sustained economic stability, with current GDP growth of nearly 4 per cent.
(s) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas (resolution 59/85 of 3 December 2004);
Abbreviations
Emission factors: Many emission factors and default values have been re-fixed, based on expert judgment, to better reflect the specificities of the country.
On 15 February 2013, during informal consultations, the Committee received the midterm briefing by the Coordinator of the Monitoring Group, pursuant to resolution 2060 (2012).
COUNTER-TERRORISM 3.30 p.m.
Upon reviewing the estimated budget submitted by INSTRAW, the Board decided to recommend that the Institute continue to operate with the present core staff until 31 December 1999 in order to enable it to comply with the requirements of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly as well as finalize the ongoing research programmes.
The Committee works in English only.
A number of participants spoke of the need to avoid duplication and enhance synergies with possible national coordination by Governments.
3. Training and research [92]
Solemnly declares the following:
D. Organization of work The meeting agreed to conduct its work in plenary and to establish such contact groups as it considered necessary.
S/PRST/2010/26 Statement by the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S] - - 2 pages Documents
President of the Republic of Uzbekistan
16. Given the international scope and nature of issues relating to refugees, their protection and solutions to their situation cannot be achieved without international cooperation.
23. An updated version of the strategy framework for the Special Plan was adopted, at meetings of its external mechanisms of implementation in November 1991 and November 1992, which was approved by Governments in February 1993.
The Secretary-General was requesting a two-month extension of the Mission's mandate in order to allow the parties to engage in a dialogue that might make progress in the peace process possible.
There stood the Tree quite hidden; it seemed as if he had been entirely forgotten.
3. Southern Africa
promote creative independent productions of short film and video.
In 2005, ANTEL was transferred from the purview of the Ministry of National Defence to that of the Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mining.
The role of France on governing bodies of the Bretton Woods
(c) Cooperate with other States parties or international organizations in the further development of the applications of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes, with due consideration for the needs of the developing areas of the world;
(b) Greater collaboration among United Nations libraries
78. Mr. Ben Lagha (Tunisia) said that the reference to "other relevant initiatives" in the twenty-fourth preambular paragraph of the draft resolution included his country's initiative for the convening of an international conference under United Nations auspices for the purpose of establishing an international code of conduct on counter-terrorism.
Der: fe every dy for your blessing, because my fe ll the time miss you!
Ten were single or divorced, 10 had partners and one had children.
I should also like to extend our congratulations to all members of the Bureau.
What we do know is that they were cultivated for many centuries in China; however, the Chinese did not prize the rose as they did the chrysanthemum, which appears in their art from long times past
These were recognized in the São Paulo Consensus adopted at UNCTAD XI, which raised a number issues in the area of transport and trade facilitation that will have a lasting impact on the development prospects of developing countries.
(2)in response to:(3)market forces:force: n.thing that makes great changes:economic forces:monetary forces:(4)diversification: n.diversify: v.make diverse;give variety to:diversification of export:diversification of risk:(5)specialized bank:(6)wholly state-owned commercial bank:Paragragh 103.The third phase began in 1993 when the State Council issued the Decision on Financial Reform, recognizing the urgent need for developing new financial markets, institutions and instruments.
The Government of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea does not consider itself bound by the provisions of paragraph (f) of article 2, paragraph 2 of article 9 and paragraph 1 of article 29 of the Convention.
The corridors shall be kept clean and nothing may be placed in the way;
The Government has by Royal Decree confirmed that the agreed procedures apply to the whole central Government administration.
In addressing a better balance in childcare responsibilities, Norway promotes equal parenthood and has introduced measures to strengthen the role of all fathers in childcare, including in rural areas.
The Special Rapporteur was informed that the Israeli authorities persisted in the affirmation that the methods described above did not amount to torture.
Isolationism does not do anybody or any country any good.
The ray of light revealed his cautious opening of the door.
Pakistan
A/C.2/57/SR.6 Meeting held on 2 October 2002, 12 noon [A C E F R S]
He is a Czar pure and simple.
1028. At the 16th meeting, on 10 June 2008, the Council adopted draft decision 8/111 without a vote (for the text adopted, see part one, chap. I).
:: With regard to the appeal contained in paragraphs 23 and 24 of Security Council resolution 1929 (2010), Council Decision 2010/413/CFSP of 26 July 2010 includes a prohibition to open new branches and subsidiaries of Iranian banks in the EU and to establish new banking relationships with Iranian banks.
Many organizations have to resort to the use of external companies, consultants, contractors, or other non-staff personnel to undertake critical website-related tasks.
Office of the Force Commander
Some States parties made use of this opportunity to express their views on the article or to provide further clarity on mines retained.
While targeting specific country conditions and requirements, country level arrangements should not be ad-hoc and should be devised within the overall coherent cooperation modality established by the Agreement.
Figure 2 (Appendix 2.3 of Nov 2003 review report)
(a) In money: indemnities and advantageous conditions for paying rent, communal services, public transport, purchasing of medicines, etc.;
The powers enjoyed by the municipalities in the areas of urban planning, local development, electricity supply concessions and local taxation may be expanded.
Accuracy in delivering correct ecotourism concept.
The Religious Union has nation-wide status and covers activities of all religious communities that form part of it.
It was also said that the real issue to be addressed was not the frequency or duration of meetings, but rather the lack of dynamic interaction between delegations on important proposals.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Thursday, 27 October 2005, at 3 p.m.
Report of the Secretary-General (A/54/484)
288. Another study, MISC 3 carried out in 2006, delivered the following findings:
:: Involving the various strata of society in the dynamics of human rights
Dominica
Some students think if they don't understand something, they can just move on to the next lesson.
Iraq rejects all the consequences of this illegal decision and, in particular, the flimsy excuses and pretexts used by these States in an attempt to justify their military aggression against our country.
(b) Trainees during the period of apprenticeship and persons performing short-term services are covered only for employment—related injuries;
The court, finally, declared void the totality of the sale of the sport complex, whereas the Prosecutor's Office only requested the annulment of the sale of 48 per cent of the complex's shares.
Asian Forum of Parliamentarians on Population and Development
Solid hardmetal end mills with stepped parallel shank - Dimensions
In the ministerial declaration adopted at the high-level segment of its forty-third session, the Commission urged that the people-centred approach to development envisioned in the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development be restored and called for policies to link the efforts of poverty eradication to the fostering of social integration and to the promotion of employment strategies.
(Clean up your room.Clean up your room.
China Mr. Li Zhaoxin 5
Women are also involved in activities that generate incomes through the self-employment.
But without finding evidence of a medium - size hole, it was a tough theory to prove.
138. Since it is the sovereign right and primary responsibility of the country concerned to determine the national approach and priorities for security sector reform, the Special Committee stresses the importance of United Nations peacekeeping operations working in full partnership with the country concerned in the provision of assistance in this area.
Through his steadfast leadership he has already won the support of the dedicated people who work for the Organization throughout the world.
28. The United Nations Development Programme, in recognition of the need for improved links between relief and development activities, has proposed a number of approaches in papers presented to its Executive Board in May 1996.
1996/66. Situation of human rights in Equatorial Guinea
The data warehouse continues to be the sole source for reporting to human resources managers and to provide the only existing cross-organizational view of human resources performance in the Secretariat.
Talk with a friend or get outdoors and move your body.
Luxembourg
(c) Obstacles encountered and strategies for overcoming them;
(d) Any form of [forced] assimilation or integration by other cultures or ways of life imposed on them by legislative, administrative or other measures;
When we topped the hill we had a fine view.
 64. A Mission Planning Service has also been established in the Department.
The locked plate is a fixed-angle device because angular motion does not occur at the plate screw interface.
It is also important, however, to ensure that regular facilities staff, who will ultimately assume responsibility for the maintenance and management of the new construction after completion, remain closely involved with the project throughout the design and construction phases.
New York, 14 June-2 July 2004
They crowd their highways with cars while complaining about the traffic.
Thus, the traditional meeting areas, gatherings of young people such as youth weeks, artistic, cultural and sport biennials, festivals, sessions on Malian understanding, youth camps, friendship caravans and other events have helped us cultivate certain virtues and values such as courage, dignity, respect for the differences of others, listening, tolerance, loyalty, and solidarity -- all essential to producing social order and building peace.
Peacebuilding Commission
In resolution 2006/6, the Council called for an intensification of efforts to support national statistical programmes in strengthening their capacity.
Liechtenstein
I was gonna cut Monty and his crew in, but you screwed that royal.
The Arizona Republican says Barack Obama is putting together a very strong Cabinet to tackle the tough issues facing the country.
Those subregions fall within the higher homicide rate ranges, from 20 to more than 30 homicides per 100,000 population.
I felt great sorrow at her death.
12. Since the Monterrey Conference, international development assistance has seen significant diversification in the set of instruments, often referred to as "innovative sources of finance" based on a better understanding of the challenges and risks faced by developing countries, addressing obstacles identified, with a view to achieving specific development impacts.
796.1 kilometres
(g) In relation to other recommendations, various policy, legal and institutional measures have already been adopted and implemented.
And while the Fed’s recent rhetoric has been dovish, the fundamentals of the US economy – particularly those that supposedly matter most for the Fed – indicate a clear case for further rate hikes.
If we had the same faith, the same hope, the same love which they exhibited, we would achieve marvels as great as those which they achieved
Moreover, even if the renminbi did experience a double-digit depreciation, China would not be thrust into financial crisis.
The Commission was briefed by the International Labour Organization on "Full employment and decent work: intensification of efforts to eliminate all forms of violence against women".
For example, the Danish Institute informed that it is participating - along with a network of organizations dealing with children's rights - in the drafting of a supplementary report to the Committee on the Rights of the Child.
Misregister: One colour or more printed out of alignment with other colours.
And such a want-wit sadness makes of me, That I have much ado to know myself.
"Almost no one comes in any more, " says a clerk in Seoul Plaza's golf boutique.
336. The courses with the highest enrolment of women students are public accounting, business administration, law, psychology and industrial engineering.
8. In compliance with the International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS), all contribution revenue is being recorded on an accrual basis.
Sandrine Genty
Arthur approved a measure in 1882 excluding paupers, criminals, and the mentally ill.
120. Implementation of the international investment agreement component of the project will result in a strengthened capacity of negotiators and trainers from developing countries to participate effectively in the formulation, identification and analysis of the issues, alternative scenarios and other aspects concerning the negotiation of the agreements.
2. Recommends to Member States that have not yet done so to consider the adoption of effective measures to reduce pre-trial detention;
Money way investigation will take you approach these mysterious domain names invest a crowd.
Sami Hafez Anan
TV companies of large public security monitoring system has a very mature technology and integrated construction experience.
Moreover, because of falling gross domestic product (GDP) growth and export earnings, many developing countries would face renewed external debt problems.
(c) Other materials: Universal Declaration of Human Rights (DPI/876/Rev.2), passbook reprint released in English (180,000), French (60,000), Spanish (80,000), Arabic (30,000) and Russian (30,000) in August 1998; Human Rights 50th Anniversary logo reproduction sheet (DPI/1928), released in English (20,000) in September 1997; and reprinted (15,000) in March 1998; Human Rights 50th Anniversary text reproduction sheet (DPI/1929), released (multilingual) in September 1997 (20,000); and reprinted (15,000) in March 1998; UDHR 50th Anniversary press kit cover (DPI/1937) released in English (10,000) and French (5,000) in December 1997.
14. On 1 September, the United Nations began deploying its 200 short-term observers to electoral sites throughout the country.
I will make every effort to complete the work of the Committee on time, as recommended by the Bureau.
Joseph Bossano (Gibraltar)
Ageing of previous recommendations
Therefore the analysis of mortality rates and infrastructure cost is the key feature of the simulation.
Signed on 14 February 1967
Today, the forests have almost gone. People must down too many trees
6. With respect to subparagraph 10 (c) of the Declaration, the present report does not contain an analytical review of existing international legal instruments relating to international terrorism, since such a review was included in the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/51/336, paras. 6-36).
(b) Draw up a programme of studies that is adaptable, non-discriminatory, gendersensitive and of high quality, and that meets children's and young people's needs during emergency situations;
Loaded language
In philosophy class, were practicing eclecticism
In that document, our continent suggests increasing the number of seats in both membership categories.
Tetrazacyclophanes are important compounds of cyclophanes, and are important host compounds in host - guest chemistry.
Finally, they expressed their support for the nomination of Jim Thorpe as the greatest all—round athlete of the twentieth century.
Information was also provided about article 319 of the Criminal Code, which defines genocide.
"5. Reaffirming the utility of the previous intersessional programmes from 2003 - 2010, the Conference decides to retain previous structures: annual Meetings of States Parties preceded by annual Meetings of Experts.
The button is for adjusting the volume.
4. In accordance with the selection criteria adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 46/122, the beneficiaries of assistance from the Fund shall be: (a) representatives of non-governmental organizations dealing with issues of contemporary forms of slavery who would not, in the opinion of the Board, be able to attend the session of the Working Group without the assistance provided by the Fund and who would be able to contribute to a deeper knowledge on the part of the Working Group of the problems relating to contemporary forms of slavery; and (b) individuals whose human rights have been severely violated as a result of contemporary forms of slavery (see annex I).
I cannot help admiring the picture whenever I look at it.
Men's big men, usually act.
Within the broader context of human rights, the European Union wishes to underline the importance of the proposals to strengthen democracy.
B. Working methods of the Committee
127. In 2010, for which the projected requirements are outlined in the present report, the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate plans to conduct up to 20 visits to Member States, as authorized by the Committee.
14. The view was expressed that the possible definition and delimitation of outer space by States through national legislation or bilateral agreements could lead to the establishment of delimitation of outer space by States according to their own judgement and in an uncoordinated manner.
Accordingly, should the draft resolution be adopted, there would be no requirement for additional appropriation under the programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009.
l'll be just one minute.
Article 24 If a trade union discovers that an enterprise's administrative authority is breaking rules and regulations by directing or forcing workers to undertake risks or if distinct and significant hidden dangers or occupational hazards are discovered during the production process, the trade union shall have the right to suggest a resolution. On discovering a situation where the personal safety of workers is jeopardized, a trade union shall have the right to suggest to the enterprise's administrative authority that the workers abandon the dangerous site and the said administrative authority must decide promptly on measures to resolve the matter.
The authors further submit that Mr. Matar confirmed in one of his smuggled letters, believed to have been written in 1995, that he and Mr. Al-Maqrif shared a cell but that they were isolated and prevented from having contact with the other prisoners.
7. The draft United Nations convention against corruption is nearing completion and will be adopted at the end of 2003.
Proposed new methodology for CDM afforestation and reforestation project activities: Baseline (CDM-AR-NMB), version 01
More generally, we want objects of any kind toto communicate with one another.
But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.
He will also continue to urge States, United Nations agencies and international institutions to adopt and integrate human rights in drawing up the indicators and benchmarks that are required to implement and monitor the MDGs.
Director of the International Department in the Prime Minister's Office and, as such, diplomatic adviser to the Prime Minister (1982-1991).
The girls lined up behind the starting line, ready to dribble the ball to the cone at the other end of the court, and back again.
The totals below provide a comparison of the amounts shown in statement IV as other accounts receivable, as at 31 December 2005 and 2003:
He paid a tribute to the technical assistance provided by the United Nations in support of the 2013 elections in Pakistan.
Bison latifrons
7. Urges States to enhance cooperation at the regional and international levels in the fight against terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, in accordance with relevant international obligations under human rights instruments and international humanitarian law, with the aim of eliminating terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and to further strengthen cooperation with a view to bringing terrorists to justice;
Democratic Republic of the Congo
All of the problems are well resolved in this paper.
Tokyo Expressway
So we wanted to take it beyond surface matching," Currier said.
(ii) explore establishing an export enhancement fund for commodity dependent countries to focus on institution building, developing key infrastructure and upgrading private sector capacity;
However, commodity dependence has more generally been associated with low growth and low levels of economic and social performance, leading many economists to talk about a "resource curse".
"I feel much encouraged and comforted to see the whole community helping - from donations of small amounts by individuals, to tens of millions by major philanthropists."
A lame man obtained some money from several benevolent persons by making a pretext of being a returned soldier who was disabled in the war.
15. The Committee recommends that the State party ensure that the National Plan of Action for Children covers all areas of the Convention and take into account the outcome document, "A World Fit for Children", of the 2002 United Nations General Assembly special session on children, and its Mid-Term Review in 2007.
Not in the drilling placed on the guide milling machine parts.
Operation and maintenance of voluntary confidential HIV/AIDS counselling and testing facilities for all Mission personnel
" ... each Party to the conflict shall be bound to apply, as a minimum, the following provisions:
World Union of Catholic Women's Organization
Since the resumption of peace negotiations in July 2013, the Israeli occupying forces have killed 44 Palestinians and injured hundreds of other civilians and have carried out more than 3,360 military raids, including air strikes against the besieged Gaza Strip.
More specifically, a financial transaction, whether completed or not, is subject to special oversight if one or more of the following conditions is met:
It refers to operational achievements leading to the registration of CDM project activities and the issuance of certified emission reductions (CERs), governance matters, measures taken and anticipated to streamline and scale up the CDM, resource requirements, and actual resources available for the work on the CDM during the reporting period.
It was wrong of me not to tell you about Vesta when I first met you, though I thought I was doing right when I did it.
The Official Languages Division manages the Official Languages Officer, Simultaneous Interpreter and Calligraphist Grades. The establishment of these Grades as at31March 2009 is as follows :
Ghana
The observer of Pakistan noted that there was a clear divergence of views on the legality of the Diplomatic Parking Programme; he urged the Committee to adopt a familial approach and to avoid legalities and technicalities.
I was lost into my thought, suddenly she cried hysterically, " good-friends-back-to-back" .
He adds that on 25 January 2008 he filed a statement of supplementary grounds of appeal before the National Asylum Court.
(a) Lack of commitment to women's issues among leaders and officials;
In the hope that this position would change before the conclusion of its work, the Mission left the Permanent Representative a list of requests for information.
Approved 2010/11
Where appropriate, practical guidelines are drafted both at international operational command level (North Atlantic Treaty Organization, European Union, etc.), and at the Belgian chief of staff level, in accordance with Belgian standing orders.
(b) Recruitment: the Office will implement a more proactive, targeted recruitment system to meet the operational needs at Headquarters and in the field.
within 5 working days after finishing Simultaneous Interpretation assignment
Recognizing that hostage-taking calls for resolute, firm and concerted efforts on the part of the international community in order, in strict conformity with international human rights standards, to bring such abhorrent practices to an end,
Information on percentage releases to sewage treatment plants or on removal efficiency is not currently available.
Remote sensing shall promote the protection of the Earth's natural environment.
The Committee resumed its consideration of this item and heard statements by the representatives of Madagascar and Austria.
Electrical Safety Advisory Committee Meeting
To facilitate the sharing of information on the implementation of the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm conventions, including on models of coordination mechanisms and examples of good coordination practices from countries;
The mission's other tasks include the release of a small monitoring satellite and satellite data relay trials.
These mode centroids substituting for ambient data points were used to simplify the model.
Professor at the Faculty of Law of Rabat, 1989-1991.
Black - ink - filled the size of the havoc in blowhole and changed the inspectable.
Also has Zichuan to rent the house to be very cheap.
Now more than ever, nations must be united.
(b) Item 129 (Administration of justice at the United Nations).
" Don't leave, Robert Kincaid,'she could hear herself crying out from somewhere inside.
Students who are consistently tardy to class may be counted as an absence at the discretion of the instructor.
Sex education
We doubled the treatment of patients suffering from HIV/AIDS from 16.7 per cent in 2007 to 34.49 per cent in 2008.
Conventions relating to the Status of Stateless Persons and on the Reduction of Statelessness
41. The same did not hold true for the US$ 33,118 contribution.
The representative said that the United Kingdom had discovered, named, officially claimed and established a settlement in the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) many years before the Republic of Argentina ever existed.
Click and drag the following link to your links toolbar.
The number of people with AIDS rapidly grew.
"It seems I have been chosen to help lead you "to the promised land of Earth.
MINUSTAH
All members of the United Nations and other entities of the United Nations system with relevant expertise are invited to contribute to this process of reflection and analysis.
provision for breastfeeding mothers who have given birth within the previous 4 months with an entitlement, without loss of pay, to either an adjustment of working hours or where breastfeeding facilities are provided by the employer, breastfeeding breaks.
An official slogan reads, Whoever does not follow family planning will have his household ruined and his family perish.
The Czech Republic has not yet enacted any space legislation and/or regulations because its space activities are limited; they mostly consist of scientific research, navigation and telecommunications, technology development and Earth observation.
In 1994 my country adopted an indefinite moratorium on the import, export and transfer of all types of this category of weapons.
The purpose of the ban decreed by the Federal Council is therefore largely preventive.
What are her motives for saying this? How does the chorus respond to the idea?
17. The Chairperson said he took it that the Commission wished to adopted the proposed amendment to paragraph 1 and to incorporate the draft decision, as amended, in the Practice Guide.
The existing measures in this area relate in particular to the circulation to the national banking system of specific instructions aimed at preventing any movements of funds intended for terrorist purposes, while the Moroccan financial system is protected from any suspicious movement of funds or suspicious transaction by reason of the supervision exercised by the Central Bank and the exchange control system, which has a conservative character and confers on the Ministry of Finance and the Exchange Office major control and supervision prerogatives in this area.
call my mom in Chicago.
 The total number of flights assessed as apparent violations is now 1,612.
They called on armed groups to lay down their arms and encouraged stakeholders in Chad to further promote the momentum of reconciliation after the signing of the Tripoli peace agreement on 25 July 2009.
amends the requirements for the granting of a licence for the supply, delivery, transfer or carriage of certain "specified prohibited items" (defined in section 1 of the principal Regulation);
(c) Increased international awareness of African development issues
32. Invites all members of the international community, including international and regional financial institutions, and urges relevant bodies within the United Nations system, to cooperate actively in a coordinated manner in the implementation of the outcome of the World Summit on Food Security adopted in Rome in November 2009;
168. The Manual has been widely distributed through DINAGE and CONAMU.
As a first step in developing the collective response, the association organized a delegation of local producers, led by its Chairman, to visit Washington and negotiate, on behalf of the cluster, directly with the FDA.
The method of curing in a magnetic field is also suitable for resin coating and adhesive.
The responses to the questionnaire showed that many States did not establish a time limit for applying for recognition and enforcement of a Convention award.
Claimants requesting compensation for C5-SOS losses were overwhelmingly from Jordan, Egypt, India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
27. The Chairman said that she would take it that the Committee wished to adopt the proposal made by the representative of Uganda.
Plans of action are being drawn up to address and eliminate the problem of child labour and improve the lot of boys, girls and youth affected by that phenomenon.
Financial support for these efforts was provided through the UNDP special programme resources and target for resource assignment from the core emergency programme.
Prison reform
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
I can't kill my own father.
Safety of navigation, for example capacity-building for the production of nautical charts, was one of two areas that the Consultative Process focused on during its fourth meeting in June 2003.
1. Although the world's indigenous people have been contributing for centuries, through the diversity of their cultures and forms and modes of social organization, to the enrichment of world civilization, those remaining after the past colonial hecatomb continue to be combated and marginalized from the international community.
Particularly in countries with long agrarian traditions -- and vocal green lobbies -- the idea seems against nature.In fact, genetically modified foods are already very much a part of our lives
ISO/IEC 27000-series
Funding for the repair of the fire-damaged section of the station is still being sought.
I am using Nokia also the machine, you are equipped with headphones.
The people who settled area were hard working and independent.
Today, Chinese cabbage is no longer the main dish for northern people in winter.
Twenty Ministry officials also attended a workshop on child rights in July 2004 conducted by Save the Children UK.
57. To support efforts to improve the quality of road safety data, the World Bank Global Road Safety Facility financed the development of the Ibero-American Road Safety Observatory to help structure and harmonize the way Latin American countries collect and report road crash information.
That kind of person is anything but a Marxist.
12. As part of his efforts to improve United Nations coordination, the Special Coordinator convened the fourth United Nations inter-agency meeting in Gaza on 2 and 3 July 1997.
If any charges were brought under that Act, the burden would be on the Crown to prove all the elements of the offence beyond reasonable doubt.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $12,886,400
" asked Hamlet.
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports - dominance of climate change agenda
Agenda item 3
In order to avoid undue impact on delegates, staff, visitors and activities of the Organization, the impact of each phase of construction would be carefully assessed and a plan developed for each phase. That might involve temporary adjustments in activities, redeployment of staff and other solutions.
84.timetable n. Will you please show me the school timetable There seems to be something wrong with the train timetable
Please see the following link for more information: <http://www.mofat.go.kr/english/main/index.jsp>, weekends and national holidays: closed
d better leave now to arrive there on time. After such an unpleasant quarrel, I think I have to leave for some time.
Expected accomplishments
Periodic tests of the laboratory should be considered to evaluate and improve performance.
11. The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty underlines the essential responsibility of IAEA in maintaining and observing fully the principle of confidentiality regarding all information related to the implementation of safeguards, including reporting, in accordance with the Agency's statute and safeguards agreements.
Christakis and James Fowler, a political scientist at the University of California, San Diego, have been using data from 4,700 children of volunteers in the Framingham Heart Study, a giant health study begun in Framingham, Massachusetts in 1948.
His delegation welcomed the Organization's integrated programmes, which were being implemented despite the shortage of funds.
I have the honour to refer to article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, according to which the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, established pursuant to the Convention, "shall, through the Economic and Social Council, report annually to the General Assembly of the United Nations on its activities".
Yugoslavia had also given its support to various regional and subregional initiatives.
The action undertaken by the Special Rapporteur was on behalf of human rights defenders threatened in the following countries: Argentina (1), Belarus (1), Bolivia (2), Chile (3), Colombia (9), Guatemala (4), Honduras (2), India (2), Mexico (2), Philippines (4) and Venezuela (1).
Yet instead of the achievement of these goals, the world had seen a worsening of economic disparities between the North and the South which had been further aggravated by the disadvantages of globalization.
Predictions about food prices are subject to change because commodity prices are unpredictable
With research and a flexible approach, however, you can wipe out much of the cost of conventional travel, sourcing free accommodation and free, or cheap, flights.
(a) Establishing effective mechanisms to receive, monitor and investigate complaints on cases of child abuse, and ensure that perpetrators are brought to justice;
Everyone knows that the great danger in an arms race such as this lies in the fact that any nuclear weaponization programme has its own secular dynamics.
Desiring to ensure that rules of origin themselves do not create unnecessary obstacles to trade;
Development policy now emphasizes the identification of priority areas by national Governments themselves to enable them to design their own national poverty reduction strategies within the context of social development.
Forty-first session
83. In recent years, the economic performance of the LDCs had not been robust enough to trigger poverty reduction in a majority of those countries.
Issues related to reproductive rights and universal access to reproductive health care are among the major priorities of our Government, as reflected in our laws and our implementation of various measures in this area at the national and provincial levels.
We are introducing an annual programme impact review to ensure the alignment of the Department's activities with its priorities.
Analysis of 24 hours dynamic electrocardiogram of healthy residents in high altitude region
III. Threats to the rights to freedom of peaceful assembly and of association for
16. Requests the Secretary-General and the Office of the High Commissioner to provide the necessary financial support from the United Nations regular budget, as well as extrabudgetary resources, for the effective performance of the Durban follow-up mechanisms and the successful execution of their mandates;
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs since 17 August 2006, for the second time, having held this office previously from January 2004 to January 2006.
"to provide much more generous development assistance.
In an open challenge to the international community's denunciation and condemnation of Japan's treatment of Koreans, Japanese authorities have not hesitated to distort history, even going so far as to try to conceal Japan's bloody past crimes, while turning the "self-defence force" into a regular army with a mandate that permits pre-emptive strikes against other countries by changing the "Peace Constitution" into a war constitution.
19. The observer for the Friends World Committee for Consultation - Quaker UN Office Geneva informed the working group that a joint statement, together with the World Organization against Torture, had been prepared on the issue of juveniles detained in Guantánamo Bay and juveniles in the Democratic Republic of the Congo subject to the jurisdiction of military tribunals.
" I want to be nicer to him.
Their work drawing has also been appraised the valuation differing.
Assistant Secretary-General, Executive Director
After waiting a week, two weeks, and half a week longer, desperation conquered diffidence, and he wrote to the editor of THE BILLOW, suggesting that possibly through some negligence of the business manager his little account had been overlooked.
(All of the embodied energy is lost if the plastics are landfilled, a common disposal method worldwide.)
The mother managed to salvage her son flora a dependence on drugs.
2.5 The Norwegian Humanist Association (the NHA), of which the authors are members, engaged an expert in Minority Psychology in the autumn of 2000 to investigate and report on how children react to conflicting life stancerelated upbringing and education both in school and at home.
Introducing a voluntary code of best practices could be explored in this connection;
Against that background, a number of measures have been taken with the aim of ensuring that Syrian citizens play the greatest possible part in that programme, in an atmosphere of tolerance and openness to all, including those who have made mistakes or perpetrated illegal acts, excluding involvement in acts of murder during the recent events, in order to empower them to desist from expressing themselves through acts of violence or law-breaking and become involved in the process of national construction.
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the Assembly decided to include the item in the agenda of its fifty-third session.
Sierra Leone (30 August 2000)
Other supplies, services and equipment
I thought he was never nice to you.
This value is lower than the IADC recommendation, whose formula for Telecom 2 resulted in 285 km (10.4 m/s).
Some others were of the view that a reference to General Assembly resolution 3314 (XXIX) was best avoided since it was controversial and its inclusion in draft article 15 failed to properly recognize the process described in the Charter for making an authoritative determination of aggression.
Belarus
Whenever I worried that our connection might be fading, I opened the drawer and felt his energy flutter up around me like a freed canary.
"Why don't we see Americans taking Chinese citizenship
NCW Malta, in cooperation with Amnesty International Malta, organized the Stop Domestic Violence Conference in December at the University of Malta, which highlighted the need for adequate legal, political, social and psychological instruments to deal with this problem; (c) 2007: NCW Malta organized a seminar on the effects of separation on the family at its Centre in July, highlighting the need for adequate support; (d) 2008: NCW Malta, in collaboration with the Russian Cultural Institute, held a seminar on sustaining family values in a changing world -- the family and demographic change in November, in Bugibba, Malta.
WC Coating Deposited on the Surface of Titanium Alloy by Electrospark Process
Nevertheless, it is believed that large amounts of heroin also continued to enter China from northern Myanmar via Yunnan province.
Do you know only one story asked the rats.
However, a wider range of competition implies a wider range
68. For the text as adopted, see part one, chapter I, resolution 13/23.
In the song, she starts out in classical voice, switches to pop voice temporarily, and finishes with her classical voice.
They fought hand to hand, foot to foot, with pistol shots, with blows of the sword, with their fists, at a distance, close at hand, from above, from below, from everywhere, from the roofs of the houses, from the windows of the wine-shop, from the cellar windows, whither some had crawled.
Reiterating that the Convention on Biological Diversity is the key international instrument for the conservation and sustainable use of biological resources and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from the use of genetic resources,
I know, I know, that's a silly question.
And yet you dare open your mouth, and look these men in the faces.
"I love you as high as I can reach, "said Little Nutbrown Hare.
Bundle
 21. The Under-Secretary-General's responsibilities will also include policy oversight for the effective delivery of support services to Member States, the Secretariat and other entities, including ensuring essential linkages with other departments in areas such as procurement.
No matter what our age, we need to play and have fun in life. Even behind the most serious beings, hides a fun-loving spirit.
Such costs, which include common carrier costs, infrastructure maintenance and development costs, and operational and management costs of the Office of Central Support Services, are reimbursed by the users of the services.
"It's a really cool idea, " says Kenneth Suslick, a chemist at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.
25. The World Survey articulates what sustainable development with gender equality could mean for policies, programmes and decision-making at all levels in the current global juncture.
Camagna Monferrato
80. At the time of writing of the present report, the Government of the Sudan still had not requested approval from the Committee to move weapons, ammunition or other military equipment into Darfur.
:: As population growth in coastal areas continues to outpace overall population growth
2. The situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
While we sit here this morning, this grave humanitarian situation escalates.
More than 60,000 new records are sent into the book each year,but they cannot all be printed.
What is your average cost / schedule overrun?
20. Stability risks associated with capital flows have led several emerging economies to introduce measures to contain the negative impact of the surge in short-term capital flows.
And with the cost of these tools being substantially lower than the bribe demanded.
Everybody in the office thought Jack had more than I did to get the .
Due to the synchronous nature of the logging client, the business application needs to fail in case the logging application fails.
Lack of information or focus on specific issues may be due to the absence of submissions by stakeholders regarding these particular issues.
332. In order to prevent disease and protect the lives and health of workers working in hazardous working conditions, including women, the law provides for a system of benefits and compensation: early retirement, additional holidays, shorter working hours, special diet therapy and other compensatory measures.
Protective services
Then how many employers have you worked for?
 The text of paragraph 19 makes clear that the General Assembly has reaffirmed its resolution 47/1.
Questions by experts and dialogue with the Committee
What time does the first train to Boston leave?
February/April 2006
146. According to article 6.10 of the standard subproject agreement, assets are items with a value of $1,500 or more and a serviceable life of at least five years.
 Thousands of innocent people had been killed in the terrorist atrocities carried out indiscriminately by PKK, whose ultimate objective was to carve out a separate State.
Items to be replaced which are removed from Korea shall be removed only through the ports of entry enumerated in paragraph 43 hereof.
I don't know. that's what I want to find out.
(Qatar)
9. The objective of developing non-discriminatory education and training is covered in the Equality Act of 2007, which stipulates the inclusion of obligatory gender content in study plans for all university degrees.
76. The risk therefore exists that non-expendable property at headquarters, as disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, may be misstated and that the inventory records may not be accurate.
To initiate, sponsor, supervise, monitor, and act as a catalyst with respect to projects and related activities aimed at improving the structural conditions of the world jute economy and the general economic well-being of those employed therein.
You cannot act the fool any more.
Intergovernmental consensus-building, policy research and analysis, and technical cooperation have on the whole addressed the goal of assisting developing countries and economies in transition to promote their development and participate more effectively in the world economy under conditions conducive to their development.
Africa (without other producers)
Aunt is tapping on the wall for the third time, so I must   stop.
Or, they can be allowed to compete, but even if they are better qualified, preference will still be given to designated groups.
The winter weather forced about 300 cancellations at Chicago's busy (O'Hare) International Airport.
5. Despite the fall in child mortality, progress in reducing maternal and newborn deaths has been slower.
The general's speech infused us with keenness.
Thus far, 10 accused have been transferred by the referral bench to the War Crimes Chamber of the Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and 2 accused have been transferred to the authorities of Croatia and 1 accused to Serbia for trial before the domestic courts of those countries.
The Special Rapporteur was informed that according to a recent study conducted in the Washington, D.C. area on who is stopped for traffic violations, only 14 per cent of drivers were white while 73 per cent were African—American.
The Organization should also monitor progress towards desired outcomes through the use of strategic plans with indicators and timelines.
England face vital Euro qualifiers against Israel, Russia twice and Estonia - with friendlies likely inbetween.
Once the earthquake happen, such building possibly takes the lead to collapse.
Prevent direct contact of reels to drying chamber side and bottom walls since these may be at significantly higher temperature than oven controller indicates.
Design of an over moderated fuel and a full MOX core for plutonium consumption in boiling water reactors.
Further information on the Conference can be found on the CTBTO Preparatory Commission website (click here); or on the ODA website (click here).
This summer, Switzerland launched a new strategy -- together with Austria, Germany, Norway, Turkey, the United States and the CTITF office -- that builds on the Vienna meeting and aims at raising awareness and promoting in-depth knowledge of the Strategy and its relevance at the national level for the efforts of each country.
They also welcomed the progress made in the development of an action plan by OECD on tax base erosion and profit shifting and looked forward to a comprehensive proposal and substantial discussion in July 2013.
Moreover, the deep causes of last year’s turmoil in emerging markets have not disappeared.
Thank you
Anybody with a credit card can pick one up at a station, and give it back in any other of the deposit stations with an automatic release system.
Table 19.23 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
Less: write-off of arrears for South Africaa
The Executive Board has stressed the need to ensure that adequate consideration be given to the desire for long-term sustainability, maintenance and compatibility with local requirements in developing countries in making procurement decisions in line with the general principles of procurement.
:: Urged Member States and other African Countries to contribute troops as soon as possible and welcomed the offer by the United Republic of Tanzania to contribute troops to the Neutral International Force;
It is reported that about twenty children have died of flu in the USA.
14. On 13 April, a journalist linked to a news blog was arrested and severely beaten, and his equipment was confiscated.
Repeatedly, Eritrea's leader and his representatives have opted to be deceptive, issuing false statements, as the following examples demonstrate:
The work of the IPU Committee on United Nations Affairs is guided by an Advisory Group, composed of a select number of prominent legislators.
Our delegation will work to ensure that the next United Nations goal-setting cycle in the area of human rights is as open and democratic as called for by the subject.
We are pleased at the willingness shown to achieve an agreement on the territorial borders, as well as at the progress that Mr. Annabi has just spoken of.
The conditions for registering as a British citizen under section 4 C of the 1981 Act are a date of birth before 1 January 1983, that but for the discrimination in the 1948 Act they would have had CUKC status under section 5 of that Act and that they would have had the right to abode under section 2 of the 1971 Act.
It also urges the State party to undertake concrete measures to ensure that the gender equality mechanisms at all levels are fully funded to implement their mandates.
MR. CROFT: I must see the dentist now, nurse. NURSE: The dentist is very busy at the moment.
 (d) Establishing ground rules for communications between the parties and the arbitral tribunal (e.g., concerning limitations on ex parte communications, the number of copies to be transmitted; routing of written communications; and the use of telefax, telephone and conference telephone calls).
We are answerable to abatement your offer of auction agency proposal.
39. In resolution 63/61, the General Assembly welcomed the report of the Group of Governmental Experts established pursuant to resolution 61/72 (A/63/182) and strongly encouraged States to implement its recommendations.
Additionally, 48 per cent of the elderly population had access to the National Health Insurance scheme.
XI. United Nations Office for Project Services
Types of passes
(b) Amendment (A/52/L.47)
Draft resolution A/C.1/62/L.28* was adopted, by a recorded vote of 166 to 1, with 4 abstentions.
:Hotels and Hostels Hotels and Hostels Be careful when using the bath
(ii) In the case of identity-related crime, much less is known and more general research could be carried out based on the concepts developed in the study, with a view to better understanding the nature and scope of identityrelated crime and how it relates to other forms of criminal activity.
UNITAR workshop on effective negotiation in multilateral conferences
VII. Protection of the rights of child victims (arts. 8 and 9 (3) and (4) of the Optional Protocol)
:: All duty stations designated as non-family by the Chair of the International Civil Service Commission
Urbanization brings about irreversible changes in production and consumption patterns, including the way we use land, water and other natural resources that affect food production.
(j) Interruption of education: Various claims by persons living in the seam zone (e.g., Barta) assert additional delay and costs in travelling to West Bank educational institutions because they have to go through Wall gates (which takes long, causes detours and adds costs).
Give my greetings to your parents.
The study certainly is not the life complete.
Noting that lasting stability in Côte d'Ivoire will depend on peace in the subregion, especially in Liberia, and emphasizing the importance of cooperation among the countries of the subregion to this end, as well as the need for co-ordination of the efforts of the United Nations Missions in the subregion to contribute to the consolidation of peace and security,
In this game, these cards are hiding the two parts of an operation.
The Inspectors express their sincere appreciation to the organizations and their staff members, in particular from the departments of human resources management and legal services for their substantive input and for the excellent cooperation in the preparation of the present report. HISTORICAL OVERVIEW OF EXISTING AGREEMENTS
26. Encourages the independent expert to continue to cooperate, in accordance with his mandate, with the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, special rapporteurs, independent experts and members of the expert working groups of the Council and its Advisory Committee on issues relating to economic, social and cultural rights and the right to development in his work towards the elaboration of the draft general guidelines;
Art. 15 para 1 of Act XXII of 1992 on the Labour Code
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Committee wishes to act accordingly.
National Governments, international institutions and the international community can help countries create an attractive investment environment by providing better information on national laws and regulations, as well as on international agreements and on country opportunities and risks.
In 2007, the following 57 States Parties had not provided an updated transparency report covering calendar year 2006 as required: Andorra, Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bolivia, Botswana, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Comoros, Costa Rica, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Fiji, Gabon, Ghana, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Guyana, Iceland, Kenya, Kiribati, Lesotho, Liberia, Malaysia, Malawi, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Namibia, Nauru, Niger, Nigeria, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Serbia, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Solomon Islands, Swaziland, Timor-Leste, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Uruguay and Vanuatu.
Ghana noted that despite a communication gap at a certain point, the national report was prepared with the active involvement of civil society and that their views and concerns have been captured in the report.
UNEP will continually review and adjust its current global, regional and country presence to enable greater integration into United Nations country teams and the resident coordinator system while maintaining the organization's established normative and advocacy roles at the global level.
8. Decides to amend article 13, paragraph 3 of the Statute of the International Tribunal as set out in the annex to this resolution;
More demonstration and pilot projects based on all three collector technologies appear to be necessary.
This situation is in danger of developing into a serious humanitarian disaster.
In transacting business for O’Hara Brothers, he had visited Augusta, a hundred miles up the Savannah River, and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city.
The Tunisian Code of Criminal Procedure permitted and regulated cooperation with other Members of the United Nations in criminal matters.
Letter dated 7 June (S/1999/655) from the representative of Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, transmitting a letter of the same date from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to the President of the Security Council.
E. Report of the drafting group
It's difficult to argue with Jonathan – he's constantly shifting his ground.
Target 2012-2013: 60
The Buenos Aires 2050 and New York 2050 projects had started as responses to deep trauma and crisis, which had a severe impact on the people.
After I satisfy my hunger, I am often sense of regret or guilt.
The Subcommittee noted that the activities of the Programme for 2006 had been carried out satisfactorily.
Despite the efforts of many in the Group of Governmental Experts that met this year and a last minute proposal that appeared to gain broad support, one national expert felt unable to agree to the creation of a new category.
In Monaco, in-service training promotes teaching methods encouraging student participation.
CHAPTER IV PRISON ADMINISTRATION
The participants concluded that further assessment of those concepts by the interested parties would be needed prior to further exploration of potential activities (see A/AC.105/1024).
A key result of the Commission's work had been to broaden the donor base in the country.
In accordance with Article 4, paragraph 1 (a), and Article 12, paragraph 1 (a), of the Convention, Parties provided information on their national inventory of anthropogenic emissions by sources and removal by sinks of greenhouse gases (GHGs) not controlled by the Montreal Protocol.
'The past is more important,'agreed O'Brien gravely.
window, but he wasn't hurt. The window was made sugar.
Twenty-second session
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation in Tajikistan (S/1999/1127)
The Chairman of the National Assembly Commission on Human Rights and Reception of Complaints also stated his support for repeal, which has moreover been requested by many judges and prosecutors.
I am thirsting to go to the beach. I really miss being near the water.
The text adopted by the Council established a Committee to oversee implementation of the sanctions and authorized the Committee to request whatever further information it might consider necessary.
You have to be smooth
72. Urey currently serves as the Chair of Lonestar Communications Corporation, which is one of the largest taxpayers in Liberia.
Grown-ups  knowing your teeth  names of tooth surfaces
Fulfillment seldom corresponds to anticipation.
Operational guidance currently under development will provide a tool to align mission implementation plans with national peacebuilding priorities and humanitarian and development aid frameworks.
Reports say it took them up to two hours to bring the blaze under control.
Under the pertinent Chilean laws, the acceptance of financial contributions from foreign natural or legal persons or from legal entities that are providers of goods or services or receivers of State subsidies, is prohibited.
Buyers tend to be in their 40s with young families wanting to escape city life.
to go out with someone (British English) = to date someone: "They've been going out together for years!
Major constraints included institutional weaknesses, poor physical infrastructure, limited technological capacities and a lack of skilled human resources.
Under the CCF, the Government, with all its partners, including the United Nations system, would be able to ensure that UNDP resources had a positive impact on the development efforts of Mozambique and its people.
Request for hearing
We offer constitutional changes to enshrine the protection of minorities including language rights, the protection of culture and education.
That's one thing I've noticed is a lot of you "old-timer" guys are still here, and this is an industry where people move around all the time.
2.6 On 10 May 1999, the prison authorities rejected the author's request to make his monthly telephone call to a family member, arguing that he had already made a call on 21 April 1999.
A report was also received by OHCHR that two girls, aged 7 and 11 years from Florida, Department of Valle del Cauca, were sexually abused by a soldier from the San Mateo Battalion on 19 November 2006.
Features image galleries of his contemporary floral and garden designs.
3. The particular circumstances vary, but each of the United Nations and United Nations-assisted tribunals was established as a temporary measure in a situation where the State or States concerned have been unable or unwilling to conduct trials themselves for reasons connected with recent armed conflict or with terrorist acts.
General developments
4. At its 51st meeting, on 13 June, the Committee had before it a draft resolution entitled "Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste" (A/C.5/62/L.43), submitted by the Chairman on the basis of informal consultations coordinated by the representative of Malaysia.
Committee members reiterated their commitment to technical assistance provided for such implementation.
Reaffirming its previous resolutions on Afghanistan, in particular its resolutions 1386 (2001), 1510 (2003), 1833 (2008), 1890 (2009) and 1917 (2010),
Realizing the great value of the United Nations humanitarian mission, Russia, as President Vladimir Putin had noted, considers this to be a most important political objective of the Organization.
Commission on Human Rights, intergovernmental working group on effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action [Economic and Social Council decision 2003/246]
FAO and the United Nations are finalizing procedures to make the fund operational in the very near future.
You should play more.
It is not the toleration of social wrongdoings and discrimination or the weakening of one’s individual beliefs.
I do not say more, relying on you as you may rely on me. Your friend, ALBERT DE MORCERF.
(b) Contracts for fire alarm systems
For the purpose of this report, the three areas are defined as follows:
He would not believe in love, a woman's birthright.
45. The Mission's support component provided the necessary administrative, logistical and security services to an average of 5,984 military contingent personnel, 1,604 formed police personnel, 851 United Nations police, 47 corrections officers and 1,786 civilian staff in support of the implementation of the Mission's mandate.
Ilmajoki
Panama ratified the Convention through Law No 27 of 30 March 2011.
Document: Report of the Credentials Committee.
The meeting was called to order at 10 a.m.
For example, at UNAMID, the actual status of 2,808 assets had been awaiting reconciliation for more than 30 days, with the longest period being 352 days.
That was hosted by Vice President Gore and I ended up by sitting very close to the President.
The day after the Bank of England declined support, Overend suspended cash payments and the run turned into a riot - with 10 further banks suspending payments, 200 companies defaulting and "throngs heaving and tumbling about Lombard Street".
His Excellency Mr. Festus Mogae, MP, President of the Republic of Botswana
In his later career, though, Mr Kennedy forged bipartisan coalitions to push for legislation he supported.
It provides an overview of accessible and child-sensitive counselling, complaint and reporting mechanisms to address incidents of violence, including sexual violence and exploitation, and draws attention to positive developments and persisting challenges.
From personal experience, he said, he knew that credit cards were another species of mirage.
I have 10 years' working experience in auditing.
The Joint Staff Pension Board report (A/61/9) claimed, on the one hand, that North American equities were difficult to outperform, and, on the other, that they had chronically underperformed, yet it also favoured indexing the Fund's equities to North American equities because it would have resulted in a lower risk and a higher return.
Many manufacturers hope new high-end offerings will help offset low prices elsewhere.
Haploptychius
Ten years later, another high-level meeting is scheduled to take place in Mauritius in 2004 to review the Barbados Declaration and Programme of Action.
"A mere seven years after my graduation day, " she said, "I had failed on an epic scale. "
52. Under resolution 58/316, the General Assembly decided that the item entitled "Question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas)" would remain on the agenda for consideration upon notification by a Member State.
Investment in manufacturing – historically one of the main drivers of growth in Europe – holds the key to revitalizing the European economy.
Challenges for health care
Since 1998, UNDP has established a number of projects, including the capacity 21 programme, furthering the consolidation of the national sustainable development council; a Green municipalities project, which will contribute to environmental management and sustainable development at the local level; the elaboration of a national report and action plan to combat desertification and drought; a climate change project; which creates a national inventory for emissions of gases with greenhouse effects; a study on the potential impact of climate change in Nicaragua; and a national action plan to confront climate change and its adverse effects.
Status of staff
(d) Reducing the rates of deficit in micro-and micro-nutrients;
Imagine what could happen during the long time lag between parting with your money and receiving what you have bought. hopefully this will illustrate the need to manage settlement risks.
This couple has successfully managed to live together for more than two-and-a-half years.
It is an issue that no presidential candidate has taken up in earnest.
The Commission had subsequently adopted those draft articles on the basis of revised texts proposed by the Drafting Committee.
The information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes and, to the extent possible, the original texts have not been altered.
I. General observations
26. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-sixth session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire".
Get any kind of look at it?
Common treatments are: Regulating menstruation method and Invigorating kidney methods.
The final resolution of the conflict should pave the way for building democratic institutions and development of a genuine civil society in the region, as well as the implementation of all international human rights commitments undertaken by the Republic of Moldova.
The vaccine scenario is just one example of the kind of complications that can arise.
Support was also expressed for the approach of not limiting the term "refugee" to the definition in the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees of 1951 and its Protocol.
In 2009, the State Council decided to conduct an activity titled "work safety year". All regions, departments and work units comprehensively enhanced work safety efforts, fully perfecting the implementation of measures by taking "three actions", including work safety law enforcement, publicity and education, and rectification and control, and "three developments", including development of work safety institutions, mechanisms and legal systems, development of safety-ensuring capacity and safety supervision, and development of management and control teams.
Xinshi, Jingshan County
Members noted the undertaking by the Secretary for Home Affairs (SHA) made at the Second Reading debate on the Betting Duty (Amendment) Bill 2003 to review the policy of authorisation of football betting against certain benchmarks and report the findings to HA Panel after authorized football betting was implemented for two years. [
9. The Committee notes that, according to the Constitution of Albania, international agreements ratified by law prevail over the domestic laws that are not compatible with it.
(a) Establishing procedures for the physical protection of such persons, such as, to the extent necessary and feasible, relocating them and permitting, where appropriate, non-disclosure or limitations on the disclosure of information concerning the identity and whereabouts of such persons;
Resolutions 687 (1991), 689 (1991) and 806 (1993)
These priorities are part of general measures of implementation and incorporate the general principles of the Convention and concern mainly civil rights and freedoms, the family environment and social protection, health, well-being, leisure and recreational activities and special protection measures.
It is responsible for restoring, maintaining and protecting the water supply during natural and man-made breakdowns.
 Recognizing that the long-term mission of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe to Kosovo played a positive role in monitoring the human rights situation and in preventing an escalation of conflict there and recalling in this context Security Council resolution 855 (1993) of 9 August 1993,
" The original reef stretched for 1,000 miles. Charlotte Mehrtens, head of geology at the University of Vermont, has studied other portions of it from Newfoundland to Tennessee, but said Isle La Motte is the only place where so much of it is visible.
However, each region must be defined taking into account the full range of security concerns of the countries involved.
In the aggregate, social class differences are diminishing.
17. The structural causes of the global capitalist crisis included the concentration of wealth in a few countries and in the hands of small groups; the use of large amounts of capital to produce and market goods and resources that generated great wealth very rapidly; the promotion of excessive consumption; speculation designed to achieve quick profits; financial practices that damaged States' economies and sovereignty, in particular those of developing countries, and monopolized control of natural resources and profit; and a system based on the myth that foreign investment was a panacea, in which major investors dominated and States and peoples were subservient.
Teachers
Banco Santander SA clinched a deal to buy the rest of Sovereign Bancorp Inc. that it didn't already own for $1.9 billion in stock, paving the way for the Spanish bank to build a significant presence in the U.S. 'We know Sovereign very well.
Report of the Committee on Conferences for 2007: Supplement No. 32 (A/62/32)
Tourism
A  higher  fan spin rate  leads  to greater air flow.
On 1 July 1999, new legalisation came into force on the funding of political parties.
The Thai Ministry for Information and Communication Technology said Friday that Google, which owns YouTube, has agreed to remove 12 video clips from the site.
Our past failures in reaching decisions should not discourage us from rising to the challenges posed by the spread of small arms and light weapons.
Qatar
Manchester City F.C. players
The Chinese central bank is now engaged in serious efforts to cool inflation and to gradually deflate the property market bubble.
10. General elections must be held every five years.
Another problem encountered is pertaining to the swift convergence of algorithm.
VII. Concluding comment
Michael Douglas and Zeta-Jones are suing Hello Magazine for publishing photos of their 2000 wedding.
Imports totalled $324.7 million versus exports of $495.5 million, creating a surplus of $134.8 million.
Total expenditure (gross)
5. At the 47th meeting, on 28 July, on the proposal of the President, the Council took note of documents before it in connection with economic and environmental questions.
Labour recruitment in corporate services
The bank is far from the only big company to have admitted overzealous surveillance.
Not as to force an issue but ever constructive.
Your computer dose not meet the minimum specifications necessary to run this software.
After starting in only 13 league games this season due to a thigh injury, Ronaldinho is out for the season and stands accused of having Brazilian superstar disease
Chinese Style: Are you home tomorrow. American Style: Are you at home tomorrow.
We hide from the moon,
African Gender and Development Index project at the Economic Commission for Africa
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to Ms. Sylvie Deschênes
But please don't call it a dynasty, Edwardo
However, the multitude of players, in particular in the cooperation between the Peacebuilding Fund and various partners and other funds, gives rise to genuine concern, as highlighted in the Secretary-General's report.
"The Government has also formulated a territory-wide monitoring and co-ordination mechanism to facilitate prompt responses to any unforeseen Y2K-induced incidents during the rollover to Y2K critical dates," she added.
195. The Committee is concerned that adequate measures have not yet been taken to fully guarantee in practice the right of indigenous students to education in their native language, Guaraní.
This paper analysis the energy saving possibilities with pressure accumulators based on the introduction to the principles of energy savings method of hydraulic elevators.
It remains concerned, however, at the insufficient level of implementation of that Instruction.
Elected officials clearly need to find answers to high unemployment and declining living standards.
Definition and criminalization of torture
(b) Expedite the current revision of the naturalization law and withdraw as soon as possible after the approval of this revision the reservation made to article 7;
Mr. Andrianarivelo-Razafy (Madagascar) (spoke in French): It is a pleasure for me to take the floor here today and, like previous speakers, to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, for his comprehensive and very detailed report on progress towards implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS (A/57/227 and Corr.1).
Recently, and for the first time in its history, the people of this country exercised their right to freely choose their legitimate representatives.
The relevant Committee report is contained in document A/60/522, and the draft resolution recommended to the Assembly for adoption is reproduced in paragraph 7.
It looked like a shooting star at first, but then the track of light broadened into two things that looked like rocket exhausts and the thing came down without a sound.
173. A number of delegations emphasized the importance of South-South cooperation, with some noting that it needed more "muscle" from the United Nations system.
Women's contributions to maintaining forest cover to meet present and future needs
This support has helped to strengthen closer collaboration among the United Nations, the African Union and the African regional organizations in peacemaking in conflict situations, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Ethiopia and Eritrea.
Objects were represented by their colors only; circular horizontal streaks of color - that was all he saw.
For 2030, the reduction would be between 180 million and 240 million tons annually from the introduction of the Index.
In 17 patients with birth injury of plexus ? electromyogrph and conducting velocity of motor nerve were measured.
162. The mission's strategy over the next few years will be to strengthen cooperative frameworks in Central Asia and develop common initiatives to address regional challenges to security and stability.
A case of Legionnaires's Disease confirme
Immigration and labour
Rule 1
I. STRATEGIES FOR PROMOTING THE APPLICATION OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY TO MEET THE MDGs
APCLS has held the axis of Lwibo through Lukweti, in Masisi territory, while FDLR have regrouped behind it and started deploying units back into Masisi.
Amendment to article 20, paragraph 1, of the Convention
Attention was drawn to the difference between the status of States members of an international organization, which participated as full members, and other entities which normally participated as associated or affiliated members and might or might not have legal personality and the ability to undertake international obligations.
4. Urges Member States, acting at all levels, to end impunity by ensuring accountability and punishing perpetrators of those heinous crimes against women and girls;
Investigators examining whether anti-Castro Cubans had any links to the 1963 assassination were permitted to read and summarize a trove of government cablegrams and documents, all of which remain classified.
Presentation of budgetary requirements for the support account and the United Nations Logistics Base
" So I prayed to the God of heaven.
ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL
Action: The AWG-KP will be invited to initiate work on the consideration of the scale of emission reductions to be achieved by Annex I Parties in aggregate.
The use of the Legislative Series for the publication of the compilation rests, of course, on the assumption, that the funds budgeted for the publication of the Legislative Series would not significantly be affected by recent financial reductions of the Organization.
We were all saddened by the suffering of the people of Sichuan after the Wenchuan earthquake.
(a) United Nations Office at Nairobi
China suggests fostering confidence, strengthening international cooperation in times of crisis and taking joint actions.
30. In line with past experience and on the basis of estimated requirements, a provision of $64,400 would be required for specialized security training to be provided from external sources, including training in firefighting and first aid as well as specialized training in managing emergency situations.
Lisors
For its consideration of this sub-item at its 1st plenary meeting, on 1 December, the Conference of the Parties had before it the draft rules of procedure, as currently being applied (FCCC/CP/1996/2) and a report by the President of the Conference at its second session on his informal consultations on the draft rules of procedure (FCCC/CP/1997/5).
Another NGO called for the consideration of ways to disseminate the draft norms, as they were unknown outside the Sub-Commission, for example at the forthcoming World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD).
(a) Take all necessary measures to ensure that all children within its jurisdiction enjoy all the rights set out in the Convention without discrimination, in accordance with article 2;
It is discouraged to have snacks just before going to bed; otherwise  and weight gain may be resulted. 6
para. 134
12 May 2010
People were demonstrating and seniors were asked, on campus, to stop them.
Turkey’s achievements are all the more remarkable when one considers its neighborhood.
Get back to the ship,get it ready.
Bearing in mind that the ways in which the challenges and potential of young people are addressed will influence current social and economic conditions and the well-being and livelihood of future generations, Ministers stressed the need for further efforts to promote interests of the youth, inter alia, by supporting young people to develop their potential and talents and tackling the negative impact of social challenges facing the youth.
former USSR and RF
Front Line: International Foundation for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders
Most of the organizations did not favour the option of inviting external participants to IAPWG meetings.
Look for the Nakamichi name on the radio face.
Only matais (or chiefs) can become senators.
Go around the house room by room, collect those things you no longer want and either dump or give to a charity shop
When it comes to information of a regulatory or quasi-regulatory nature, such as environmental standards or labelling requirements, the difficulties faced by small developing country producers are even more evident and remain highly significant even for formal or informal groups of producers.
Listen   we got a print here That doesn't match any of the paramedics.
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system
90. Different levels are allowed for estimated preparation time for the appeals.
In 2007, the Australian Human Rights Commission provided a report to the Australian Government entitled It's about time: Women, men, work and family.
Even more people die prematurely as a result of transport-related air pollution and noise.
7. OPPDHM states that, while the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities provides for a national mechanism, since the Convention received legislative approval only recently, discussions have not yet been held with the relevant groups, nor any appointment made to such a mechanism.
The children of Kim Dae -  jung  and Kim Young - sam went to jail for graft.
In itself, the Handbook has no regulatory character.
The tense situation within Geneina itself warranted a reduction of non-essential United Nations personnel on 12 October.
D. Partnerships and country team coordination
Another delegate noted that all stakeholders, including national Governments, organizations and individuals, had a responsibility to assume in promoting sustainable development.
14. Member States have continued working towards ending female genital mutilations by implementing international human rights conventions through collaboration among different stakeholders at the national, bilateral, regional and international levels.
Element frame/Primordial
With great effort, Argentina is returning to the path of development and has achieved sustained growth in its economy, while at the same time significantly reducing unemployment and poverty indices.
Table 26
1. New Caledonia1 is located in the Pacific Ocean, about 1,500 kilometres east of Australia and 1,700 kilometres north of New Zealand.
Sviatohirsk Lavra
The implementation of PSD ended in 2003 and has since been replaced by a new PSD that combined gender and HIV and AIDS.
The recent World Summit on Sustainable Development filled us with hope and, at the same time, uneasiness.
14. It was so decided.
33. The Special Committee retained its mandate and should pursue its important work of protecting and safeguarding the human rights of the people of the occupied territories, until such time as a just and lasting peace encompassing all the countries of the region, including Israel, had been achieved.
3. Article 22 of chapter II of the draft convention, entitled "Measures", stipulated that:
To review the implementation of the recommendations contained in the report of the Open-ended Intergovernmental Group of Ministers or Their Representatives on International Environmental Governance at its twenty-second session, subject to the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
We, as the two leaders, express our gratitude for the visit of the United Nations Secretary-General to Cyprus, which demonstrates the continued interest of the United Nations and the international community in a comprehensive settlement of the Cyprus problem under the Secretary-General's good offices mission.
(t) To register its members and consider their resignation; the temporary separation of a deputy may be approved only by a vote of two thirds of the deputies present;
Acute inflammation is a non - selective process that can lead to tissue destruction.
Armenia
Control and follow-up will be improved and an improved receivables ageing system is expected to be fully developed by 1999.
Furthermore, any significant hit to global growth resulting from the financial-market turmoil would be damaging to Eurozone exports, which have made an important contribution to the Eurozone's upturn.
His delegation supported in principle the alternative nature of the obligation set out in draft article 1, but took a cautious approach to the third component of the so-called "triple alternative", since it was necessary to set limits on the alternative obligations of States.
Before, I only smoked for fun, but now I depended on it to help me through each day
This is one factor.
This paper discusses sedenion and a number of its properties is given.
(d) Membership of international organizations
10. The United Nations task force, led by the Resident Coordinator, was encouraged to enhance its capacity to collect data on violations and abuses against children by Chadian armed opposition groups, Chadian self-defence militias and Sudanese rebel groups operating in eastern Chad and to engage with those groups on action plans for the release of children associated with them, in accordance with Security Council resolutions 1539 (2004) and 1612 (2005).
6. The Committee notes with appreciation the efforts undertaken by the State party to give adequate follow-up to its previous concluding observations.
But it would have dire consequences, both raising inflation and dissipating vitally important incentives for reform.
Soses
1-3 December 2005
Activities to be funded from supplementary sources
(iii) The Government also plans to introduce legislation to implement nonterrorism-related resolutions issued under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations.
The plenary meetings of the Conference and the meetings of the Main Committees shall be held in public unless the body concerned decides otherwise, for instance for the negotiation of proposals.
According to arrangement of temperature sensor, the significative conclusion is obtained which conducts temperature field tests in subway tunnel.
She had delayed because of the dew - wet grass.
Those and other actions demonstrated his Government's commitment to using space technology for environmental and educational purposes.
Souvenir Sheet (with 10 Self-adhesive Stamps) (US85)
C. Other information
Out of 15 projects in the process of implementation, only four were fully compliant with the donors' requests in terms of monitoring frequency.
Technical assistance
Whichever form is chosen, in recognition of the inherent cross-cutting nature of the subject of disaster prevention, the decision must bring together all of the relevant parties.
These last words were a  dose  almost too bitter to be swallowed.
70. Regarding the country note for Gabon, one delegation noted that the mechanisms for social protection were not as strong as they had been a few years earlier.
Counter-Strike
Monitor progress made in the hardwall construction of 19 police stations and posts, including water well drilling
8.A:Will you come here for your holiday B:I will if the work is finished b:I will if i finish the work 1.Some advice was given to me by my parents
However, VDIM activates before the threshold to help realize smoother vehicle deportment.
Objective Compare the curative effects of two endoscopic sinus surgeries under local anesthesia.
Professor U. Joy Ogwu
I have just passed my driving test. What do I need to do to apply for a driving licence?
The United States opposes any construction in the settlements, and settlers are outraged.
Recognizing, in this context, that full compliance by States parties with all provisions of existing agreements and the resolving of compliance concerns effectively by means consistent with such agreements and international law can, inter alia, facilitate the conclusion of additional arms limitation and disarmament and non-proliferation agreements, and thereby contribute to better relations among States and the strengthening of world peace and security, Page
53. UNIDO puts special emphasis on helping developing countries meet the environmental challenges that threaten the global commons.
With respect to war crimes thresholds, he supported option 1.
In this context, the African Group wishes to express its support for the adoption by the Human Rights Council of a declaration on training and education in the field of human rights.
You're going to confront her.
5. Encourages States to disseminate at the national level, as appropriate, information contained in the note by the Secretary-General;5
So members should give me an idea of what they think, if we agree that those should be the two documents or papers on the table for discussion.
Austria Conscription exists.
118. Strengthening of the United Nations system:
Applications of this work include bathroom mirrors that never fog and car windshields that never need a blower on cold, wet winter mornings.
to commiserating responsibility and respect for others (Bangladesh)
It's wrong to stereotype people, as if they were all alike.
An English language e-learning course provides a series of teaching modules on the different ways in which societies are policed and on how police services are structured and trained.
In addition, the Committee is concerned that crossborder trafficking in persons continues to be a serious problem in the State party, facilitated by the extensive use of entertainment visas issued by the Government, and that support measures for identified victims remain inadequate, leading to victims of trafficking being treated as illegal immigrants and deported without redress or remedy.
Change cannot be held back by frontiers.
Not paying alimony
(g) Performing programme and project evaluations;
One day he and his friends were practicing their shooting, and all of them were doing quite well except Peter.
The Commission, in section III of the resolution, welcomed the report of the Special Rapporteur on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography and the adoption and dissemination of the Declaration and Agenda for Action of the World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, called upon all States to cooperate with and assist the Special Rapporteur and to participate constructively in the negotiations on an optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography with the aim of an early agreement on the text and invited the Committee to offer comments on the draft optional protocol and to consider being represented at the next session of the working group on the question of the draft optional protocol.
However, President Gamsakhurdia, who rapidly concentrated power in his own hands, was unable to win national support, reform the ailing economy or breach the wall of international isolation.
(c) Prohibit government bodies and public authorities from bringing defamation suits with the explicit purpose of preventing criticism of the Government or even of maintaining public order;
5. With regard to subregional initiatives:
They set up camp without saying much, picketed the horses in the meadow.
Food imports alone – primarily rice, a staple which provides half the calories consumed by the population – outweigh export earnings from cash crops.
A Mild and Miserable Song of Life & An Aesthetic Comparison between the Image of Lisa and that of Cuicui
Switzerland
46. In connection with the investigation into the matter, some of the senior managers made material misrepresentations to the Task Force, the Local Committee on Contracts, and the Headquarters Committee on Contracts to conceal their manipulation of the procurement exercise.
List of minor planets/132901–133000
At the same time, the Convention is also unclear as to the maximum number of applications that may be made by any of the above entities or combinations of entities.
The number of States acceding to the international conventions on terrorism is increasing slowly, and the rate of implementation varies.
 Thus, 28 States in the region are full members of the Tlatelolco system.
8. Four working groups were established, each moderated by professional facilitators (Ms. Evy von Pfeil, Mr. Bernd Markus Liss, Mr. Chun Lai and Ms. Rowena Soriaga).
2008-09 civil service pay adjustment
Traveller's cheques lost in transit 95 - 96 27
Josef Rheinberger
The third phase features another lunar rover, which will land on the moon and return to Earth with lunar soil and stone samples for scientific research, in 2017
In accordance with the Staff Regulations and Rules of the Tribunal, the contingent liability reflected above is based on net remuneration.
Rule 55
This initiative served him well during the Stark Hyperspace Wars, when he took up the Republic banner after a great Jedi Master was killed.
"Recalling its resolution 61/180 of 20 December 2006 on improving the coordination of efforts against trafficking in persons and the coordinating role of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in this respect,
[19 March 2014]
H. Right to health 30 - 32 11
(b) Goal 2: ensure the availability of resources for science, technology and innovation institutions and public programmes that help to strengthen the system and ensure its sustainability;
Viewing and printing the documents "Installation Guide" and "User Guide" requires Adobe(R) Acrobat(R) Reader (Chinese_Traditional version 5.0 or above) and Asian Font Pack for Adobe Acrobat Reader which can be downloaded at :
Generally, these fall into two categories: procedural problems and political problems.
It is now important to ensure timely implementation of these projects and a steady flow of approvals.
1922 in Taiwan
The 1st Affiliated Hospital
The Leopard
In total, militia and terrorist groups in and around African nations with ongoing conflicts may earn between $111 million to $289 million annually from their involvement in, and taxing of, the illegal or unregulated charcoal trade.
This approach has proved to be an excellent way to engage youth in this process, to increase their knowledge of the relevant policies and to ensure the efficient, equal and democratic participation of youth in the national forest policy process, as well as in the implementation of the national forest policies.
Paleozoological Museum of China
Financial and tax havens, tools in the funding of mercenary and terrorist activities, continue to spring up on almost every continent without ever being seriously investigated.
The head of CIA has defended awarding a large contract to the controversial security company formerly known as Blackwater.
UNOPS was established as an independent entity on 1 January 1995, with its headquarters in Copenhagen.
A number of States considered the negotiation of such an instrument to be the next logical step in advancing multilateral nuclear disarmament.
25A.16 An amount of $200,000 relating to travel of representatives of the staff and the administration to attend annual meetings of the Staff-Management Coordination Committee has been redeployed to section 25C, Office of Human Resources Management.
He is now at Duke University in North Carolina.
325. At its 20th meeting, on 21 September 2011, the Council considered and adopted the outcome of the review of Seychelles (see section C below).
- Forum burundais de la société civile du bassin du Nil;
Carefulness can go everywhere.
The junior high school students'level of distraction is the most salient variable of allof depression.
As part of an ongoing improvement, we would appreciate your feedback.
10. Look for the artery on the neck, especially men, note how it pulses before questioning and on whether it quickens when asked.
10 June 2009
It is easy for the Taliban and al-Qaeda to mobilize fighters under such conditions.
But I will never forget, and will forever be grateful, to the men and women of this great state who made my life in public service possible.
Support for State institutions
These countries, members of the South Pacific Community, share extensive marine resources which represent the main opportunities for their economic development.
 54. A second approach to the implementation of Agenda 21s is the support UNIDO provides to the formulation and implementation of strategies for environmentally sustainable industrial development (ESID).
'We'll see.
Sixteenth session
161. The Committee urges the Government to improve the collection and use of data disaggregated by sex in order to provide strong factual information on the situation of women in all areas covered by the Convention, and on the progress made in its implementation over time.
The boy knocked up against a tree.
Recognizing that spatially enabled Government is an important part of the information and communications technology, e-Government and information-sharing strategies of countries and is the key activity that fosters innovation,
We introduced the handbook at the first Biennial Meeting of States to consider the Implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, which was held here in New York in July.
(b) Giving developing countries opportunities to acquire remote sensing technology with discriminatory capacities in order to obtain high quality data for the implementation of their research and strategic projects;
Building caretaker / Watchman TABLE 2.2
3 = Specialized professional knowledge
Provisional agenda for the sixty-second session of the Working Party
16. While Lebanon was firmly committed to the principle of collective responsibility, a precedent should not be created whereby a State could commit aggression against an active United Nations duty station, obstruct its mission and kill civilians seeking refuge there and then have Member States assume the costs of the damage.
When you and your partner both raise the high-tech glasses they will glow warmly, no matter how far apart you are. The idea is to give the feeling of a shared drinking experience.
6. In the opinion of the Committee, the establishment of policy, legislative and regulatory frameworks to enable the accelerated implementation of water supply and sanitation strategies by Governments will be critical not only in ensuring equitable access to the services to attain public health goals but also in the mobilization of public and private resources to implement strategies.
Cuba, France, Israel, Mauritius, Myanmar, Russian Federation, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America
No inte e physical activities during this critical period!
According to statistics from the Kurdistan Region general directorate responsible for following up on violence against women, there were 20 cases of killing and suicide in November and December, 33 cases of burning and attempts to burn and 634 complaints of verbal and other forms of harassment recorded in the Region.
the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table as before, `and things are worse than ever,' thought the poor child, `for I never was so small as this before, never!
Musashino, Tokyo
I turn and ask him why he was driven to the necessity of introducing a new policy in regard to it
(d) African Charter on the Rights and Welfare of the Child.
;[9.I need;[I need your help.
Works supervision should be undertaken by a team instead of a single MC member to enhance credibility.
These figures hide even more striking changes within the period 1999-2003.
I hope that our ideals of peace, progress and cooperation will permit us to renew contact between the Malvinas and continental Argentina.
You can also run the spelling and grammar checker to check your whole document, in addition to checking spelling and grammar as you type.
Look at that! Wow! A little chef! When you go home you can cook your own food!
This document covers draft articles 1 to 19 of the draft revised Rules.
The programmes of the Asian Non-Governmental Organizations Coalition for Agrarian Reform and Rural Development revolve around poverty reduction, enhancing household food security through policy dialogues and enhancing the capacities of NGOs and rural communities.
 (b) Group training: seminars will be organized for Governments and enterprise sectors with the objective of strengthening competitiveness and export capacities (two seminars each year).
Controlling infections, maintaining blood sugar level, cuing the pathologic focus and supportive treatments are recommended.
I propose the use of paragraph 3 alt. 1
87. Mr. de Séllos (Brazil) said that transnational organized crime affected the international community as a whole without discrimination, but that its negative consequences were felt most acutely in the poorest and most vulnerable countries.
Ability to read English is a limitation. Oral communication would be an advantage.
300. The Committee expresses its concern that homelessness is still a problem that has not been adequately addressed in the United Kingdom, and that vulnerable groups such as travellers and ethnic minorities do not receive sufficient protection against evictions.
18. The Centre organized a high-level seminar on the theme "Promotion of civil-military relations: a factor for peace and security in Africa" in Lomé from 29 to 31 October 2001.
It welcomes the fact that these concluding comments were translated into Nepali to foster a better understanding of the human rights of women.
The problem that usually occurs in such conversations and plans is that we don't include God in them.
10. A shift that has occurred in the substantive focus of the global programme and in country cooperation frameworks will allow the RCF to establish linkages with global subprogrammes and with country-level initiatives.
Matrimonial property includes the matrimonial home, chattels, and other property accumulated during the marriage.
An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road.
 19. Application forms for presenting a project to the Fund should be inserted in the revised fact sheets on torture to be published and widely disseminated.
58. The enhanced attention to nutrition has enabled collaborations to deepen.
33. UNCT stated that a circular had been issued by the Minister of Education on zero-tolerance towards corporal punishment, but that violence by teachers remained common.
From the point of reality the environmental question calls sustainable development.
But the behavior of consumer prices in the post-1980 crises is fundamentally different from that seen in the 1930’s.
The domestic legal basis to implement the asset freeze is in line with the duties and responsibilities of the Attorney General with the main provisions under the prevention of Terrorism Act 2004 and Anti-Money Laundering Act 1996.
Officials say a car loaded with explosives struck two vehicles carrying Italian paratroopers along the airport road near the U. S. embassy.
WHEREAS public confidence in the judicial system and in the moral authority and integrity of the judiciary is of the utmost importance in a modern democratic society,
Target 2010-2011: 20 new initiatives per biennium
Article 7 People's governments at various levels shall strengthen their leadership in the work of agro-technical popularization and organize the relevant departments and units to take measures to promote the development of agro-technical popularization.
In 2000, 87,700 five-year-olds, of both sexes, were receiving pre-school education, or 85.7 per cent of the total.
2. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
Follow-up to the report of the United Nations Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict
The Special Rapporteur explained the follow-up procedure, the issue of "continuing effects" under which the Committee had considered it within its competence to consider the case and the failure of the State party to respond to requests for information prior to and following the Committee's Views.
Finally, the space distribution characteristic of scattered far field pressure was calculated and plotted numerically.
(Lead Auditor) (Signed) Amyas Morse Comptroller and Auditor-General of the
Resources mobilization
An orphan or child deprived of parental care has the right to full maintenance by the State and to a survivor's pension.
It is doubtful whether a true power of testation was known to any original society except the Roman.
In concluding, he remarked that efforts should be made to re-examine the bottlenecks in the implementation of the Peace Plan on Western Sahara.
Can I read your formal deposit receipt?
The representative of Sweden introduced draft resolution A/68/L.25, and made a statement (also on behalf of India).
If I had my life to live over again, I would make it a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.
It's just your average day at Threshold Digital Research Labs, an upstart Hollywood Studio.
To implement this strategy, Norway has integrated sustainable development into the Government's most important policy document, the annual national budget.
3. A joint RBA-organized official side event, with high-level, multi-stakeholder participation, constituted the main food security manifestation at Rio+20.
Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management*
There is not a solitary exception.
Big fur - lined jacket slips from the shoulder again come down, stumble to fall in the foot.
Based on the consideration in paragraphs 13 - 15, the following key assumptions were made for the purpose of developing the present JI-MAP.
The objective of MARAC is to enhance regional capacity for conflict prevention.
569. At the lowest income levels, health indicators for poor urban residents are often equivalent to or worse than those for their rural counterparts, and far below those for the urban well-to-do.
The MTCR will continue to contribute to the fight against terrorism by limiting the risk of controlled items and their technology falling into the hands of terrorist groups and individuals and calls upon all states to take similar action.
She needs to hear what she has meant to you all these years.
Do you believe that ARF could be a platform to resolve the religious extremism in Tibet and Xinjiang?
I am fond of his composition style.
National human rights institutions are given one week to point out any factual errors in the summaries.
This is attributable mainly to the work of ESCWA, such as advocacy for the application of the principles, the establishment of a virtual library on national statistical systems, the sharing of information on best practices, the dissemination of guidelines and the provision of technical support for building the capacity of national statistical offices, as well as the forum of the Statistical Committee.
15. Also at the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution, as orally corrected.
44. Thousands of children continue to be abducted to serve as soldiers, spies, messengers, servants and sexual slaves with armed forces and groups.
Political commentators in Athens say whether the fires will have an effect on next month's general election depends on how the public judges the government's handling of the crisis.
Milutinovic IT-05-87-Ar65.1
The fabrication principles and characteristics of high - high - conductivity copper alloy are summarized.
For 2011, the Ugandan authorities have no record of official imports from the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
 At the meeting in question, this caused a number of those representatives of States members of the Committee who have no preconceived political objectives, particularly the representatives of China and Morocco, to object to this selectivity.
E. g. 2: We will start the work as soon as we have received the signed Power of Attorney .
Following the movement, I saw a snakecreeping into the tent.
[Official documentation is available on the Sixth Committee PaperSmart portal, located at http://papersmart.un.org/ga/sixth/.
 The international community has been alerted, notably by the latest report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights who, upon returning from Burundi, spoke of a creeping genocide ("gocide au compte-gouttes").
A comprehensive review of all the additional requirements will be undertaken before the launch of a fund-raising campaign in the last quarter of 2007.
I know Dracula's secret. He has a.
I give the floor to Mr. Santiago Mourão of Brazil, Chairman of Working Group II, to introduce the report of that Working Group.
A few shovel loads later, the farmer finally looked down the well.
The Board recommends that UNOCI, in collaboration with the management at missions, develop strategies to ensure that quick-impact projects are completed within the agreed time frames and physical inspections are carried out periodically to ensure that the work undertaken is of an acceptable quality (para. 338).
This is online map of the address "Pan Long Xiang , Yanshan County, Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China" .
(iv) Adapting participatory action research as a tool for developing consensus, setting goals and securing practical collaboration between and among conflicted parties, and also between Government and civil society;
 "Bosniac" is the term preferred by the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina to refer to citizens loyal to it, irrespective of their ethnic origin.
The Cairo stock exchange, which had been down by around 15 per cent at the end of August, as compared with its level at the beginning of the year, ended the year with a loss of over 40 per cent.
" xCW Over time, the president says America's outer-continental shelf could produce 18 billion barrels of oil, which is enough to meet current domestic oil production for about 10 years.
The executive law enforcement credibility of law enforcement work of the administrative law enforcement agencies and law enforcement behavior is a reflection of the soft power of trust in the minds of the masses.
4. "Meeting" means a single sitting at a Session of IPBES.
Villechien
To help the poor is a good deed.
The living image performs the actions that, as if, is carrying on some time and somewhere, bringing the present feelings to audience.
IMTS2010 recommends that countries view the development of metadata as a high priority and consider their provision to users as an integral part of the dissemination of international merchandise trade statistics.
It claims to have 800 members in 200 subsections throughout Romania.
Good to meet you all. Dan: So what brings you to this conference
Others, such as Sweden, are endeavouring to integrate the right to health, and other human rights, into their international policies.
The control lists of these regimes have been incorporated into Council Regulation (EC) No. 428/2009 of 5 May 2009 (dual-use goods and technology) and Council Common Position 2008/944/CFSP of 8 December 2008 (control of exports of military technology and equipment), which are updated regularly and are applicable in Luxembourg.
(b) Regional training-of-trainers workshop (two per year, $217,700 x 2 = $435,400).
I love that word, don't you?
45. The United Nations continued to monitor and respond to Somalia's complex humanitarian emergency.
They help people with everyday work as servants.
Frequently happened sequela of this kind of fracture is elbow varus.
May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to defer consideration of this item to the fifty-ninth session, and to include it in the provisional agenda of the fifty-ninth session?
This initiative is of a temporary nature, covering the organizational resilience (business continuity, recovery and reconstitution) development project.
28. The Group is also currently investigating incidents, which reportedly occurred in December 2010 and January 2011, in which aircraft transported some 125 boxes, containing a multimillion amount in CFAF funds, from Abidjan to the western city of Daloa.
During the last five years, Indian security forces have recovered more than 18,500 AK guns, over 1,000 machine—guns, more than 700 rocket launchers, 18,000 kg of high explosives, 2.8 million rounds of ammunition, etc.
International staff: decrease by 3 positions (Field Service) (abolition)
French life expectancy is also on the rise, at 77.1 years for men and 84 years for women, Insee said.
I need to send this parcel to Los Angeles please.
 Operative paragraph 7 considers that Lebanon is entitled to appropriate redress for the destruction it has suffered and that Israel is responsible for such compensation.
Being so professional like I've been the last few years and give everything for tennis.
Effect of protein kinase A on apoptosis of cultured neurons after hypoxia
涓や釜閿欒,鍔犱笉鍑轰竴涓纭?
The Drafting Committee had submitted a report containing several draft articles.
The explanation for deferring these claims is described in paragraphs 19-21 of the "Report and recommendations made by the Panel of Commissioners concerning the tenth instalment of `E4' claims" (S/AC.26/2000/22) and in paragraphs 20-22 of the "Report and recommendations made by the Panel of Commisioners concerning the thirteenth instalment of `E4' claims" (S/AC.26/2001/5) (the "Thirteenth `E4' Report").
G. International Civil Service Commission
Kripke, the new study's leader, pointed out that relatively few people slept so little-1 in 1,000 - where as almost half of all people slept eight hours or more.
Indeed, once they complete the fifth grade, children with disabilities are often sent back to their families.
met one of the engineers over at the television station.. 878.Where can I plug in the TV?Is this outlet all right?
Item 4 (c) of the provisional agenda*
Two extra dialogue meetings of indigenous knowledge holders in the context of the assessment on pollination
A new family eugenics based evolution ( FEBE ) theory is presented to estimate the faulty section in power systems.
Similarly, it is impossible to assess with certainty the number of victims, as most prefer to keep silent about the horrors that they have endured.
Aware of the fact that organized criminal groups have increasingly expanded and diversified their activities and that these activities are becoming increasingly transnational in character,
And this will ultimately increase the amount of CO2 that the Southern Ocean can sequester.
Okay, you're gonna distract me by bringing up the biggest mistake of my life?
Report of the Secretary-General (A/64/818)
UNFPA has indications from certain donors that their contributions to UNFPA core resources will continue to increase over the next four years.
B. Cooperation of Serbia
鈥淲hat we lack is the ability to execute it.鈥?
Many authoritative international organizations and financial institutions are involved in developing the new training system used in Uzbekistan. A number of large-scale joint projects in all fields of education are being undertaken.
The inter-agency audit task group of the United Nations Development Programme, of which UNFPA is a member, is finalizing a technical note on the terms of reference for the conduct of audits.
Plans include reducing the VAT threshold from Euro50,000 to Euro30,000, transforming the current wage tax into a fully comprehensive personal income tax, and absorbing the presumptive tax into the profit tax.
Justice and Corrections Standing Capacity
The coordination proposed is now starting to improve through IMTFs, which in the case of DPKO-led missions are chaired by the IOT team leader.
4. Reiterates the importance of maintaining a process of coordinating the multi-stakeholder implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit through effective tools, with the goal of exchanging information among action line facilitators, identifying issues that need improvement and discussing the modalities of reporting on the overall implementation process, encourages all stakeholders to continue to contribute information to the stocktaking database maintained by the International Telecommunication Union on the implementation of the goals established by the World Summit, and invites United Nations entities to update information on their initiatives in the stocktaking database;
The answer may look obvious when comparing, say, Denmark (where public spending, excluding interest payments on debt, amounted to 58% of GDP in 2012) and the United States (where the same number was 35%).
In response to recommendations made by the Board and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, the Department of Field Support drafted guidelines for governance of major construction projects in field missions, which require senior management involvement in the oversight and monitoring of major construction projects in field missions.
Finally, they perform the major part of unpaid household work.
18. The Office of Human Resources Management shall be responsible for monitoring compliance with the United Nations Staff Regulations and Staff Rules, as well as other delegated human resources policies, as set out in the relevant administrative issuances.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The Government has ratified the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 111 concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and Occupation of 1958, which prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sex among others with respect to equality of opportunity and or treatment in employment or occupation.
98.27. Continue implementing actions aimed at reducing maternal mortality from indirect causes (Colombia);
5/31-E Economic problems of the least developed and land-locked member States
HIV/AIDS Unit
Thanks to his salty coffee!
Estimate 2006-2007: 90 actions
The expression “regulatory body” is used in the Guide to refer to the governmental organ or entity, or a body created by statute, that is entrusted with the authority to issue rules and regulations governing the operation of the infrastructure facility.
South Caucasus Railway
40. Customized research and technical assistance, including training, was extended to policymakers and negotiators in developing countries and country groupings such as LDCs, the African Group and the Andean Community, in defining national and regional strategies and polices to build services supply capacities and in preparing for GATS and other trade negotiations. A paper on "The contribution of tourism to trade and development" (TD/B/C.I/8) was prepared.
Sourdough
Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for the Implementation of the Global Environment Facility Fee-based System of Funding Projects Implementation, established in 1999 with no fixed expiry date;
Submitted by:
 It was also noted that no parallel provision appeared in similar conventions, such as the 1973 Convention, and that the inclusion of paragraph 3 in the instrument under elaboration might entail undesirable a contrario interpretations.
Recalling also the principles and provisions of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change,
For understandable reasons their report remained inconclusive.
2017 US Open – Women's Singles
The Act had also established a national system of government, civil society and private entities to coordinate and monitor programmes.
(d) Expression of opinions, through the communications media, in writing or in public actions, that, objectively, could adversely affect the required impartiality of the person concerned.
Rectifer part and inverter part contruct the paper.
 (b) The Telecommunications Service will be composed of two sections: the Network Planning and Engineering Section and the Telecommunications Operations Section.
X. Observations and recommendations
So far the silver bullet is still missing, but it is likely that several sources of finance will have to be tapped .
Another example is that the Marriage Certificate does not require the name of the Mother of either spouse, but it does require the names of their fathers.
Recalling the statement made by the representative of the territorial Government at the Pacific regional seminar held in Nouméa from 18 to 20 May 2010,
The campaign will include posters, television spots and seminars.
Ceasefire
The Committee is concerned that the State party has not fully complied with the provisions of article 4 of the Convention in terms of the allocation of resources for the implementation of the Convention.
10 March 2009
30. Before undertaking enforcement procedures, the Commission would expect to engage in informal correspondence and communication with the public authority concerned, giving non-compliant authorities the opportunity to comply without proceedings.
It is clear from the increase in violent incidents caused by legally vague conditions of expulsion, in particular group expulsions by charter and commercial flights, that particular attention needs to be given to this kind of resurgence of racism.
Refresher training was conducted on conduct and discipline issues for all categories of personnel (6,037 personnel) and sexual exploitation and abuse focal points.
Describes how to use a label to define an access key for another control.
State party: Namibia
The resident DJs spin rock classics from The Rolling Stones to The Stone Roses .
In came the teacher and the lesson began.
Agriculture occupies an important place in the Armenian economy.
This paper presents the principle of friction stir processing.
Money will make the mare to go!
19. During a period of about one week starting on 15 June 2006, four Eritrean military aircraft landed at Dhusamareeb, Galgaduud region.
73. UNHCR notes that no substantial change was observed during the reporting period with regard to the flow of nationals of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea out of the country to seek protection and assistance in neighbouring countries.
The Working Group recommends States to adopt educational campaigns with the aim of preventing and combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance.
The Court of Session has a number of special procedures for particular types of action notably commercial cases and actions for damages for personal injuries and death.
It was especially important to do that in 2002 because the old imperialist strategy of "divide and conquer", which had enabled the United States Government to maintain a colonial regime in Puerto Rico for over a century, had begun to collapse, as more and more Puerto Rican organizations and individuals of varying ideologies had recognized the need to put aside their internal differences and converge around the goal of reaching consensus on a decolonization process.
I consider nobody can avoid being  influenced  by advertisements.
I really hope that at least that part of his statement will show that the original idea is still a living idea.
Research needs to be built upon effective practice.
I was just asking some questions. He must've misunderstood me.
[Enquiry, Counter Location and Office Hour]
7. Encouraged Poland to continue its efforts to address the issues of overcrowding of prisons and delays in court proceedings (Republic of Korea);
Sudden rapid, recurring muscle contraction-usually a Blink, sniff, twitch, or shrug-always Brief, irresistible, and localized.
Some domestic and international flights were canceled.
2003 NBA Draft
The seller undertook to sell and the buyer undertook to buy an assortment of foodstuffs, the price and quantity of which were specified in the contract.
www.un.org/french/docs/cs/
(Guyana)
Border and Transborder Armed Actions (Nicaragua v. Honduras), Jurisdiction and Admissibility, Judgment of 20 December 1988, I.C.J. Reports 1988, p. 69.
58. The situation in the south-eastern region was particularly alarming, following repeated incursions and the presence of LRA in Obo, Bambouti, Zemio, Djema and Mboki villages, in Haut-Mbomou prefecture.
United Nations Headquarters (New York)
3. Also decides that the rules of procedure and established practice of the General Assembly for the election of members of its subsidiary bodies shall apply to its election of members of the Organizational Committee;
(e) Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system.
The NTC initiative of Nu Skin has donated 220 million meals of "VitaMeals" to the starving children over the world.
41. Long-term observations of the environment are essential in order to be able to improve knowledge leading to better management of the global observing systems and to assess change and the impact of policy measures.
One delegation recommended that the Secretary-General of the Gulf Cooperation Council be invited to brief the Security Council after Ramadan.
What to shun if you dress for success?
(f) The development and implementation of strategies that encourage indigenous people to become health professionals.
6. Reminds States that:
10. This simplified contractual framework would address the issues raised by the General Assembly by providing clarity, transparency and fairness for all concerned and help to better attract and retain skilled, experienced and qualified civilian staff for all parts of the Secretariat, including in the field.
This can raise serious doubts about whether prosecutors in military settings are able to act with objectivity and impartiality.
He made a great progress in trisection ball and the shooting rate of penalty shot , and he is unimpeachable increasingly .
Promote cultural dialogue between the Arab and Muslim worlds and the rest of the world.
Woman, this is nothing.
10. The source further alleges that Mr. al Hussain is being detained without any legal basis.
Ensure internal procedure to be set up according to TS 16949 requirements.
Information and communication technology
He was taken to the police box for exceeding  the speed limit.
Later, Ms. Blackburn and Ms. Greider discovered the substance in the body that builds telomeres. The scientists named the enzyme telomerase.
82. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 52/220, included in the final estimates of the anticipated level of expenditure for the biennium 2010-2011 are expenditures (totalling $1,370,000) related to compensation paid to staff as a result of judgements of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal, the United Nations Dispute Tribunal and the decisions of the Management Evaluation Unit of the Department of Management.
(j) Periodic review of placement (art. 25).
Genotypic analysis of the samples was recently conducted by the same laboratory contracted by UNMOVIC.
42. The Head of Office will represent the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs at all African Union and United Nations meetings in the areas of peace and security.
A. General Assembly
Documents before the Ad Hoc Working Group on Long-term
What skills are most important for a structured finance analyst?
Recalling further that, in paragraph 6 (b) of article 18, the Convention provides that the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the terms of reference, organization and operation of the Chemical Review Committee,
B. The regional commissions as outposts of the United Nations
Net excess (shortfall) of income over expenditure
Abolition of Air Operations Assistants pursuant to General Assembly resolution 65/248 Reassignment of Meteorological Officer to the Regional Service Centre in Entebbe, Uganda
At the provincial level, the picture is less clear, with Governor Paluku backing Somikivu and Vice-Governor Feller giving his support to Krall Metal Congo.
The explosive charge carried in the warhead a missile.
72. The flag depicts the official seal of the Authority, which shows the scales of justice hanging over the waves of the oceans, all encompassed by a wreath of laurel leaves.
16. The lack of a direct presence of the Islamic Republic in many international markets compelled Iranian producing industries to sell their products at below-normal and unreal price levels.
Hygiene and nutrition,
The latest ICRC talks between the two countries took place in February 2006 and the agreement reached at that meeting stated that "the two parties will include an issue of confirmation of the fates of those missing during and after the Korean War in a broader category of separated families, consult on and resolve the issue".
Agenda item 103: Advancement of women (A/53/38/Rev.1, A/53/72–S/1998/156, A/53/87, A/53/95–S/1998/311, A/53/167, 203, 318, 354, 363, 376, 409 and 477)
 The question arises whether the continuation of strict monetary policy regimes as anti-inflation measures could have retarded growth in investment, output and employment.
CONTENTS
Translation workloads went from 340,455,000 words in the biennium 1994–1995 to 297,176,000 in 1996–1997 and are estimated at 300,456,000 for the biennium 1998–1999.
In August 2002, I went to Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan to deliver opening statements at the 2002 World Conference Against Atomic and Hydrogen Bombs on the invitation of the Japan Council Against Atomic and Hydrogen Bombs (Gensuikyo).
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
Mr. Iain Bonomy (United Kingdom)
We have to consider what material to use first.
"If they don't perform, fuck 'em" , he said of an effort to squeeze contributions from a state contractor.
Legal adviser to the International Seabed Authority, United Nations, under contract No. ISA/00/P0004, 2001, "Drafting and formulation of mining regulations". Principal duties: collection, analysis and compilation of national legislation, drafting of articles and provision to the Authority of legal advisory services (2001)
Right not to be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading punishment or treatment; right to an effective remedy
The new arrangement was formally established in April.
Recalling the 2005 World Summit Outcome and the outcome document of the Highlevel Plenary Meeting of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals,
(vii) Income for services rendered includes amounts charged for salaries of staff members and other costs that are attributable to the provision of technical and administrative support to other organizations;
A spectrum program that lets users twirl a frequency knob to see what happens?
The exercise revealed that while there have been efforts towards adherence to international standards, prison conditions are generally poor, requiring a reform of the system.
(a) Developing or strengthening action plans for children, including specific goals and targets, by the end of 2003, with wide involvement of civil society, including non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and children;
UNHCR estimates that software changes in PeopleSoft Version 8.4 for IPSAS compliance will amount to $0.5 million instead of the above-mentioned $3.1 million.
M.A. Political Science 1973
Dr Wiseman said: This could be because women experience emotions more fully and are more expressive. If men have a more limited emotional
It is universally acknowledged that water and air are indispensable to human beings.
Series 5 - Fry Health Management
France has led or participated in efforts to promote the Additional Protocol within the Group of Eight.
Amount
Too strange to be true !Too beautiful to be natural !You are so boring Oh, come on .Give me a break !You look fine !re in the pink !He is bouncy.He is energetic I get mind of you I heard a lot about you.Please remember me to your sister .Please give my best wishes to your father Please give my love to JimI will miss you .See you soonYou are late .Did you get lost You can do that .Do you have the time
Now i decided to work on darker side of the glass according to the white background photo i can know where to erase.
The People's Bank of China has justified the tightening measures by arguing that the slowdown in the nation's export growth hasn't been as bad as some expected.
by November. The Court also held that the buyer had not fully complied with articles 38 and 39 of CISG.
As a matter of fact, he had no such facilitieshe had no comfortable family standing behind him, and he was liable at the whim of an impersonal government to be blown anywhere about the world.But he didnt despise himself and it didnt turn out as he had imagined.
59. Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to work within the United Nations Communications Group to coordinate the implementation of communication strategies with the heads of information of the agencies, funds and programmes of the United Nations system, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at successive sessions on the activities of the Group;
3. The issues dealt with by the Committee, though often practical in nature, were crucial to the preservation of the legal regime that defined the status of the United Nations and laid down the rights and obligations of diplomatic agents.
According to the testimony of a friend, on 14 March 1990 he, together with other NFSL members, met with Colonel N.A. from the Egyptian General Intelligence Directorate with a view to finding out what had happened to Mr. Al-Maqrif and Mr. Matar.
Our water supply has been cut off again.
Started on 31 August 2009.
On 20 October 1992, the Executive Director assisted as observer at the CONGO board meeting at Geneva; on the following day, he participated in a round table on the theme "The human being as focus for united action: challenges to non-governmental organizations".
I am humbled and proud to be part of that sea change.
21. Of the 90 countries that had set targets by the end of 2006, 81 countries had established treatment-related targets, 51 countries had set targets on care for orphans and vulnerable children, and 84 countries had established at least one prevention-related target, though less consistency is apparent across the broad range of prevention interventions.
A proposal for a similar arrangement was put forward to the secretariat of the Convention on Migratory Species in November 2012.
All the management, product research and development, marketing and social serve should embody above brand's main characters.
Receiving complaints and observations on human rights practices, devising appropriate solutions and following up with the authorities concerned
O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubble before the wind.
In July 2009, the Secretary-General urged Ivoirian parties to respect the presidential elections date and to ensure that the elections are open, free and transparent.
23. The Advisory Committee also recommends that the General Assembly take note of the report on the final disposition of assets of UNSMIH, UNTMIH and MIPONUH.
6920 Esaki
UNOPS has completed its comprehensive information and communications technology strategy for 2008-2012, which covers all aspects of risk mitigation, cost-effective technology investments and information security, including e-mail and other methods of communication.
Ecuador, Mr. Carlos Santos, Counsellor, Permanent Mission
Copyright COSCO LIANYUNGANG OCEAN LIQUID LOADING UNLOADING EQUIPMENT CO. LTD.
Those concerns included the status of the Convention in the domestic legal system and its application and enforceability, the continuing prevalence of many forms and manifestations of violence against women, sexual exploitation, trafficking in women, low levels of participation in public life, lack of gender-disaggregated data, persistence of stereotypical attitudes, and women's disadvantages in the labour market and in education.
56. When discussing system-wide coherence and related reforms, Member States should use caution: better delivery of development operations should not be hostage to structural objectives, which remained nebulous.
Improvements to the establishments have already been made and such establishments are constantly enhanced, so as to comply with the C.P.T. Standards of detention centers and to ensure that detainees can enjoy humane and safe conditions of detention.
 Professor of Neurobiology, Institute of Biology, Washington University.
Should the Commission have no objection, the United Republic of Tanzania will be invited to participate in the joint country-specific meeting to be held on 5 February 2007.
Declaration by the Rio Group on United Kingdom military activities in the Malvinas Islands
Yes, even in blogging , you have to network.
III. Progress in the implementation of action plan priorities
The two Vice-Presidents in charge of the intergovernmental machinery and stocktaking would make every effort to conclude their work prior to the Mid-term Review in Bangkok; and
(f) AFB: Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for UNEP Activities as Multilateral Implementing Entity of the Adaptation Fund Board, which is extended through 31 December 2017;
(b) Without those words, the draft paragraph might be read to give parties entire freedom to choose arbitrarily any location as their place of business.
China, Cuba, Russian Federation, Zimbabwe.
General Assembly, sixty-fourth session [Charter]
the number of cases disposed of by the Public Prosecution Service has shown an annual increase since 2000 when the ban on brothels was lifted (189 in 2003)
The Government has also set up the National Commission for the Protection of Children's Rights, the National Commission for Denotified, Nomadic & Semi-nomadic Tribes, and the National Commission for Backward Classes and a Chief Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities.
She resolved to hone her skills by following her mother’s example.
In addition, Thailand is an active member of international organizations: Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Committee on Earth Observation Satellites, Group on Earth Observations (GEO), Asian Conference on Remote Sensing, APRSAF, Asia-Pacific Space Cooperation Organization, CSSTEAP and Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific.
The judge meted out severe penalties.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations, for instance, reported that a total of US$ 140,000 had been disbursed for the capacity-building efforts for local women's organizations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Timor-Leste.
The State party argues that, although the petitioner lodged a complaint with the Ombudsman against Ethnic Discrimination she did not challenge the decision not to appoint her to the vacant post in a district court (with a possibility of appeal to the Labour Court).
No, no, that's okay. where's brady?
On 13 July, near Lake Albert, 11 fishermen were abducted by the Forces de résistance patriotiques en Ituri (FRPI).
Chapter two discusses the subject of misrepresentation and the regulationof liabilities due to the different legal subjects.
In modern Western society, social order is maintained by a vast administrative machinery, both regional and central, and by a complex body of laws.
In general, commodity exporters and exporters of sophisticated goods and services gain, while other labour-abundant countries lose.
 (b) Reports of the Secretary-General:
IV. Key national priorities, initiatives and commitments
Provide any information concerning the provision of military training or other military equipment to Somalia since 2002.
Denying them access to these materials must be a serious part of the international effort.
Certificate of Entitlement (C of E) Scheme
Magda Stoczkiewicz, of CEE Bankwatch, a group that campaigns for more EIB transparency, questioned whether higher standards were the reason for the EIB losing contracts.
A tripartite core group, comprising high-level representatives of the Government of Myanmar, ASEAN and the United Nations, was established to coordinate relief efforts and to conduct a post-cyclone joint assessment.
The most important reasons for girls' low attendance in some areas are security and lack of space and buildings for girl schools.
Implementing regulations have been drafted, but are awaiting review before adoption.
STRENGTHENING OF SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN THE MEDITERRANEAN
With project funds, UNRWA completed the construction of a school to replace a dilapidated one.
At its forty-seventh session, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit the next statistical report by the Administrative Committee on Coordination to the Assembly at its forty-ninth session and thereafter every second year, and to add to the material covered therein information on assessed and voluntary contributions paid by Member States and non-Member States in each of the two prior calendar years (decision 47/449).
The method field of fault diagnosis character extraction, by carrying out the improved empirical decomposition method.
Section XVIII: quick-impact projects
However, studens have less interest in knowledge fulling of theory, as physiology biochemistry.
In various forums, Switzerland has stated that any future proliferation would raise crucial questions for international peace and stability.
Recognizing that an increased risk of collision could pose a threat to space operations, the intentional destruction of any on-orbit spacecraft and launch vehicle orbital stages or other harmful activities that generate long-lived debris should be avoided.
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit
Arrivals  continue to be abundant.
As a result, impunity continued, and public confidence in the criminal justice system is not improving.
Such a strategy might be politically satisfying to some, but Russia lacks the resources to compete with the US and needs good bilateral relations in order to proceed with its own internal transformation.
A/66/6 (Sect. 20), para. 20.12
This has resulted in an increase in social tensions and reinforced demand for respect for economic, social and cultural rights.
marbled or not evil like that you don't forget.
Annex
Peru is witnessing a rapid retreat of its tropical glaciers, which is threatening the water-supply regime in the most populated and heavily agricultural areas.
We are concerned that the deployment of international troops without the consent of the sovereign Government of the Sudan will make them part of the problem, rather than part of the solution.
65. The United Nations is working closely with the Contact Group on Piracy off the Coast of Somalia to deliver a comprehensive response to Somalia-based piracy that includes capacity-building, supporting the adoption by States of modern counter-piracy laws consistent with international law, in particular the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, assisting in the development of maritime law enforcement and maritime crime investigative capacities, and supporting regional networks and knowledge exchanges.
ICSW
The European Union is seriously concerned about the rapid deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Angola.
8. Overall mission direction and management are to be provided by the immediate Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
Mrs. Gerhardt, with the aid of the children, packed up the simple belongings of the family, including a single vanload of furniture, and at the end of a fortnight they were on their way to the new home.
 We are working with Jordan to find ways of jointly developing shared resources.
It already supplemented spacebased observations but, to properly study solar-terrestrial events, data from both ground and space were required.
He can hardly speak  165
(b) The Board recommends the suspension of the special index provision under the Fund pension adjustment system, for all separations as from 1 January 2011.
She is so sweet, she always say diffent lines to deffent person.
The commodity boom during the past decade coincided with a period of very fast growth driven mainly by manufacturing in Asia, which has boosted the global demand for primary products and fuelled the economic growth of a number of low-income countries that depend heavily on commodity exports.
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Partners, including UNDP, OHCHR and UNHCR, have agreed to pursue a common, coherent strategy for assistance in this sector, based upon the findings of the planning team.
We all feel resentment if those in power steal our county's wealth.
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF ALL HUMAN RIGHTS, CIVIL,
Statement of appropriations for the biennium ended 31 December 2007
Delegations urged UNDP to remain focused on its core development mandate, while steering clear of political conditionality in supporting capacity-building and capacity development efforts, as programme countries pursue the Millennium Development Goals.
1 Available at http://www.reliefweb.int/w/rwb.nsf.
For one thing, we should appeal to the authorities to legislate strict laws and regulations to encourage people to do good deeds.
All of these proposals are predicated on public/private partnerships and include:
She advocated a client-centred approach to older persons' care that was sensitive to language, culture, ethnicity and religion, promoted better evaluation of interventions, and was based on relevant data.
(b) Increased number of national institutions in Haiti that take action to enhance national development plans and local development policies in line with ECLAC recommendations
Donnacha Ryan
Report of the Secretary-General on strengthening emergency relief, rehabilitation, reconstruction and prevention in the aftermath of the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster (General Assembly resolution 60/15)
A woman can obtain a national passport independently without the consent of her spouse.
Anti-Coalition and anti-Government forces
At 13 he was running his own computerconsulting company.
(4) Insert the words "substantive, analytical and material" in place of the words "detailed and comprehensive".
Thus it can be seen that real estate lending operations of commercial banks operating in a significant impact.
Carrying an audio-recorder with you at all times is a great idea, as you never know when enlightenment will strike!
f) Assist women entrepreneurs to increase their competitiveness through the use of ICT;
United Nations Treaty Collection:
Over recent years a tradition of exemplary cooperation with OSCE has evolved. This is particularly demonstrated through strengthened cooperation with the OSCE Action against Terrorism Unit and the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights, and through mutual participation in UNODC and OSCE technical assistance activities.
Where the insolvency law provides that the discharge may be subject to conditions, those conditions should be kept to a minimum to facilitate the debtor's fresh start and should also be set forth in the insolvency law.
The expansion of private capital flows has enabled emerging economies to sustain their growth path and helped these countries stay resilient in the face of the ongoing turmoil in developed country financial markets caused by the sub-prime mortgage crisis.
The Charter had established others of equal value, including the duty of States to assist in the development of other States, which was the greatest contribution they could make to peace.
UNEP Risø Centre
Based on the features of existing structure, the nonstationary random process model of resistance for existing structure is proposed.
However, it is clear that the Plan of Action’s recommendations have a clearly defined focus on the situation of older persons.
We're not going to scotland.
The Committee is particularly concerned that the Equal Opportunity Act 2000 does not afford protection to individuals on the grounds of sexual orientation, age and HIV/AIDS status, among others.
Neither of the existing buildings have the same floor-to-floor heights, and have different base elevations.
Based on article 20 of the Constitution, all Iranians, men and women, are protected by law and enjoy all human, political, social and cultural rights within the framework of the Islamic rules.
MARTIN: How are youEILEEN: Fine
A committee was formed by the cabinet according to Ministerial Decree No. (94) for year (2005).
The Subcommittee held 17 meetings.
Current position
- To uncover external dangers which may jeopardize Palestinian national security in respect of espionage, conspiracy, sabotage or any other acts which may threaten the unity, security, independence and capacities of the homeland;
1. Reform of fundamental rights
Quebec English
9. In general terms, indicators can be seen as a measure used to determine, over time, performance of functions, processes and outcomes.
But I Bell you he wouldn't let me!
176. The general objective of the employment policy of the Ministry of Justice and Labour is to promote the competitiveness of national production and to improve the employability of the labour force in a context of social equity.
Also present at the ceremony of the Beijing University Vice-Chancellor Professor Wen will also resign from the China Center for Economic Research, deputy director of the post.
Representatives of trade unions and management began negotiations towards the signing of collective agreements, with changes in wage increments and other improvements in working conditions.
Fumigations are carried out periodically, with the assistance of the Ministry of Health
The Ministers further welcomed the talks between Iran and the six countries held in Geneva in July 2008.
as a result , it is more necessary to make the market hypothesis closer to practice.
It was suggested that the mechanism could be created under the Convention and supported by technical advisory and financial facilities, with links to existing technical bodies and financial instruments both within the UNFCCC process and externally.
Thus, the Sixth Committee could not take a decision to amend the Tribunal's Statute; it could only advise the Fifth Committee in that regard.
105. The DPRK is a homogeneous nation and has a single cultural tradition.
Some Parties further suggested that the Committee consider reviewing relevant literature and ongoing efforts such as the New World Atlas of Desertification.
It also regrets the lack of information on measures taken by the State party to increase alternative sanctions for young people (arts. 7, 9, 10 and 24).
WeII   I did. I do.
Yet just as the rise of other forms of gambling threatens horseracing, so Las Vegas now faces competition from other venues.
Branch name or department name of the Subscriber Organisation;
You've brought your friends out here under false pretences.
2. Demands, in this context, that Iran shall suspend all enrichment-related and reprocessing activities, including research and development, to be verified by the IAEA;
It welcomed Greece's commitment to promote gender equality in all sectors and also acknowledged the progress achieved in combating human trafficking.
(Signed) Munir Akram Chairman
Slovenia: All men aged from 18 to 26.
This would include accountability, transparent governance and national reconciliation
3.a. Discrimination at work
implementation of the international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights
Article 265 The judicial assistance provided by the people's courts shall be rendered in accordance with the procedure prescribed by the laws of the People's Republic of China.
The median number of hours of work (excluding meal breaks) per week of the 10 456 active RN enumerated was 44.0 hours, while 1 107 (10.6%) RN were required to undertake on-call duty in their posts. Their median number of hours of on-call duty (excluding normal duty) per week amounted to 16.0 hours.
Joint Inspection Unit
Rape is common, too, as an equivalent of sexual abuse in infancy.
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 54 (see A/60/490, para. 2). Action on sub-item (d) was taken at the 30th and 36th meetings, on 15 November and 13 December 2005.
On specific cases, the secretaries of the Joint Appeals Board/Joint Disciplinary Committee panels brief members more thoroughly on applicable rules and regulations.
Council of Europe conventions
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Don't paw at everything you see.
Its economic situation is dire – a direct result of populist policies initiated by Rousseff’s predecessor, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and which she maintained.
Now it looks like politicians may be looking to offload onto the Bank responsibility for generating economic growth and jobs.
COMMUNICATIONS TO THE EDITOR
 As of August 1994, Brazil will be taking part, through INPE, in a cooperative programme with the United States involving the launching of 33 sounding rockets from the Alcantara launch range in north-eastern Brazil.
Maryann did-- didn't tell me she-- she had a-- a boyfriend.
He was gratified that, despite many difficulties over the years, this work had matured into a fully operational programme of technical assistance activities, growing out of a solid base of research and analytical expertise.
102. The adoption and implementation of the mechanism does not imply any change in the sanctions adopted under resolution 661 (1990).
 Some of those countries served as information channels at the United Nations.
Months of torrential rain have caused flooding and landslides all over the country.
Under such background, China also carry out the manned moon probe plan.
Article 14 The people's procuratorates shall have the right to exercise legal supervision over civil proceedings.
It's hard for me to get used to the city, but my son is adapting well.
(a) The National Pension Scheme
Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the
Original: English
women's human rights and elimination of all forms of violence
Storm
Birth registration
Individual silversmiths in the borderland minority nationality regions and in the coastal areas where relatives of overseas Chinese live in relatively concentrated communities may, with the approval of the People's Bank of China at county level or above and the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, engage in the making and repairing of gold and silver articles for individuals, but shall not purchase and sell gold and silver articles.
Like GPS, GLONASS offers two levels of service.
- Proceeds of Crime and Money Laundering (Prevention) Act, No. 39 of 2001 (as amended in 2002 and 2006) -- This Act provides for the prevention of money-laundering and related matters and apply to any property whether or not situated in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The workshop was aimed at fostering the adoption and implementation of those tools into the capacity-building programmes of schools for public prosecutors, for magistrates and for public ministries, as well as other training institutions.
10. On 25 November 2003, the Special Rapporteur participated in events to commemorate International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women organized by the Swiss Ministry for Foreign Affairs in Bern.
Article 45
[Bioinformation]Gollery, M. The cost of sequencing whole mammalian genomes continues to plummet.
The expedition tame launched out on a voyage to the South Pole.
It's very prevalent to shop by instalment in recent years
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Nations, the African Union and neighbouring countries are engaged in a dialogue that will without a doubt lead to the re-establishment of peace in the east of the country, which is a yardstick for stability, security and development in the Great Lakes region.
The document focuses on the use of mobile phones as an example of the broader problem of driver distraction linked to increasing use of communications technologies at the wheel, highlights the increasing prevalence of mobile phone use by drivers and the negative impact upon driving behaviour and on increased risk of a crash, and provides an overview of interventions that can be put into place to address this issue.
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 1000 hours, drove them off.
As an integral part of their respective regions, each represents a unique regional character in complying with the collective wishes of its member States, often reflecting regional specificity in the activities being undertaken.
We are now maintaining close liaison with the relevant Mainland authorities, and will process legislative amendments to tie in with the full implementation of the compulsory third party risks insurance requirements in the Mainland.
The Bering Strait, the Chukchi Beaufort Coast, the Barents Sea coast and the Great Siberian Polynya are among the most vulnerable places.
V. Monitoring the implementation of the 1958 New York Convention 331-332 39
The number of households is the key to explain the mystery of the number of population.
C. Fisheries by-catch and discards
11 June 2008 A reminder was sent.
The conclusion is that the guaranteeing is not only for protect the civil rights, but also for dividing the obligation to burden in public law.
However, approximately 50 per cent of the XB (non-core) resources are earmarked under the IBSA Trust Fund and the PGTF, and dedicated to projects implemented at field level, which the SU/SSC only manages.
Botswana believes that to enhance the role and relevance of the United Nations and to keep it so that it can respond to the evolving challenges of the twenty-first century, this summit must move forward in key areas, namely, the implementation of previously agreed international development goals, overcoming threats to international peace and security, ensuring enhanced respect for human rights and the rule of law, and achieving long-sought institutional reform.
In terms of the geographical location of place of residence, the decline has been most marked in urban areas, where the current rate is 55 per cent less than that of 1987. There has also been a reduction in rural areas, but to a lesser degree.
Steve was the man for me.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
Do not you think I will be walking high heels Institute, is not it?
A draft based on the Creative Commons model is at an advanced stage.
The two countries have been warring constantly for many years.
21. To benefit effectively from the opening of markets, many developing countries still had to achieve higher levels of productivity, diversification and competitiveness, and UNCTAD recommendations should reflect those objectives.
The right to translation and interpretation could be described as a generally recognized principle in court proceedings.
The SCO will be making a constructive contribution to the efforts by the world community on issues of providing security on land, at sea, in air space and in outer space.
Current contractual arrangements varied greatly often leading to inequities verging on discrimination.
The State party reiterates that it considers the case before the Committee closed, as the Committee has been provided with all the information required under the follow-up procedure.
The need to establish a pre-trial chamber to supervise the prosecutor's conduct and to decide on questions of law arising at the investigation stage had been practically agreed upon.
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on the joint work plan of the Division for the Advancement of Women and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (E/CN.4/2005/69-E/CN.6/2005/6);
We hope in this regard that progress on the status issue can also begin at an early stage.
17. This session will explore what needs to be measured, why and how.
During the five years since the kickoff of the strategy for the development of the western part of the country, the construction of 60 key projects has begun, involving a total investment of 850 billion yuan.
4. On 3 June 1995, at 0930 hours, Iraqi forces began setting off a wave of severe explosions in no man's land near the geographical coordinates of TP 150-020 on the map of Nim-Istgah Navad, between north of border pillar 7/13 and south of border pillar 7/14.
 May I remind delegations that, in accordance with General Assembly decision 34/401, explanations of vote are limited to 10 minutes and should be made by delegations from their seats.
VIII. Staffing requirements
(ii) Six-month update of information on the proposed budgetary levels for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 (resolution 49/233 A);
Such deep theoretical conflicts have real-world consequences, as they impede constructive debate and cooperative action in crisis situations.
The experiences of many other countries prove that food consumption tends to be constant after having reached a certain level.
He should have called by now.
Thank you to repair the recorder for me.
 (i) Training course on national legislation prohibiting racial discrimination for nationals from countries with and without such legislation;
Sochaux
(You can also use will / will instead of shall / shall).
IGoogle
The Supreme Court issued directions to the Centre, States and UTs in Centre for Inquiry into Health and Allied Themes (CEHAT) vs. Union of India (R (2001) 5 sec 577) regarding monitoring and effective implementation of the Act.
Priority is assigned to projects and best practices aimed at reducing the risk of crimes occurring and their potential harmful effects on individuals and society.
Article 24 When applying for registration of changes, a company shall submit the following documents to the company registration authority: (1) an application for registration of change signed by the company's legal representative; (2) a change resolution or decision made in accordance with the Company Law; and Where a company's change of registered items relates to amending the company's articles of association, the amended articles of association or the amendment of the articles of association shall be submitted.
Thank you,agent rigsby.
M. Chateau-Renaud, who has lived in Russia, will tell you the name of one, and Major Cavalcanti, who is an Italian, will tell you the name of the other.
Fine, but we are busier than usual.
Nor will they end by returning combatants to their barracks, protecting facilities or facilitating meetings of provisional or transitional governments.
For the purposes of the present rules:
It is also linked to the efficacy of accompanying peace processes and peace-building efforts.
Support account for peacekeeping operations
It cooperates with the Ministry of Health on externally funded projects executed by the Ministry.
The Committee had always recognized that no universal criteria could be applied to decolonization.
In relation to the "operational debriefing" used by the Israeli armed forces as an investigative tool, the Mission holds the view that a tool designed for the review of performance and to learn lessons can hardly be an effective and impartial investigation mechanism that should be instituted after every military operation where allegations of serious violations have been made.
So So Why is it you can't sleep?
He gulped down the rest of his tea and went out.
27-29 October
Report of the Secretary-General on international institutional arrangements related to environment and development (A/54/468)
The UN will need to ensure that appropriate mechanisms are in place to receive information on the means and technologies of clearing explosive remnants of war, lists of experts, expert agencies or national points of contact, and technical information on relevant types of EO.
The house is difficult of access.
Preventing new terrorist attacks while understanding and avoiding the mistakes of the past will be essential if we are to preserve and support liberal democracy both at home and abroad.
Cooperation between ICG and the centres is focused on capacity-building, in particular on education in the discipline of GNSS.
this link is a more human story . if you like dao and jian , you should own such bosom ! ! ! if i said unadvisable , please delete it ! !
AIDS Media Center
Traffic crawls along at a frustrating snail's pace during rush hours and is often chaotic due to the rising number of vehicles and frequent flooding.
Trump confirmed in his speech on foreign policy to the Center for the National Interest in Washington, DC, on April 27 that “America First” would be the overriding theme of his administration.
It acknowledged the great efforts that had been made in some cases to make some payment of contributions over the years.
Abdelouhid Safadi
Inflation rate averaged about 7.2 in 2009.
The notifications by the Director-General of WHO will be before the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 3 (iii), of the 1961 Convention.
(d) Broad-based forums parallel to the main activities of the Conference, attended by representatives from all governmental levels and non-governmental organizations, will be encouraged;
In accordance with article 33 (a) of its revised methods of work, the Working Group considers it appropriate to refer the allegations of torture to the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment for appropriate action.
[Original: Russian]
Least developed countries and small island developing States are especially vulnerable, given that they rely heavily on climate-sensitive sectors and have limited capacities for resilience and high levels of poverty and unemployment.
The Chinese are now trying to make sure that American aircraft - carriers cannot get anywhere near.
 "Human rights questions:
The increased requirement is attributable to increases in living allowance payments effective 1 March 2008 for all United Nations Volunteers.
The Chinese delegation will spare no effort in working with the United Nations and all its member states throughout the whole process in making the above objectives a reality.
The manager at the El Monte branch in Linden, New Jersey is seeing double-digit growth over last year.
348. Short-term preschool care, from two to seven hours, is offered by 347 preschool groups.
According to the Claimants, all losses that were a direct result of Iraq's illegal acts must be compensated in order to wipe out all the consequences of those illegal acts.
No, I hear no errors in that sentence either
Implementation -- and not the just the principle of the responsibility to protect -- is at the heart of today's debate.
A number of delegations, stressing the magnitude and increasing negative impact of the Chernobyl disaster, encouraged the Department, in cooperation with other relevant bodies of the United Nations system, to continue to strengthen their efforts to enhance world public awareness of the consequences of that catastrophe.
(b) Welcomed the establishment of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime-INEGI Center of Excellence for Statistical Information on Governance, Victimization of Crime, Public Security and Justice;
within 15 days from 26 June 2003
318. The Government of Jersey believes that the new style of ministerial government and the commitment to the States Strategic Plan are important achievements that support the spirit of the Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the implementation of the rights into Island life.
Suggestions for further action
Closing arguments in November 2010.
This would make it easier to integrate human rights action into peace-keeping operations, and the mandate for peace-keeping operations could include a human rights dimension with clearly established reporting and verification procedures.
III. Final Grade of Secondary Education
Compared with the common stock, stock shareholders of the company have a priority to collect dividends.
(a) An African solar forum, Bamako, 25–28 March 1998;
By itself, propane has very little smell.
The phase down of HFCs is gradual and shall continue until such time as Parties have reduced production and consumption to no more than five percent of the agreed baselines.
The persistence of conflicts, frozen as well as active, including those in the Middle East, Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as the emergence of new areas of tension such as those in the Horn of Africa, pose challenges to which the United Nations cannot afford to remain indifferent.
Also in Africa, the decision of Governments of the subregion, at the initiative of Mali and other countries of the Saharo/Sahelian region, to institute a moratorium for three consecutive years on the import, export and production of such weapons.
Agrado: Well, as I was saying, it costs a lot to be authentic, ma'am.
Do I have never withdraw.
Noting in that regard the importance of the right to nationality for Saint Helenians and their previously expressed request that the right, in principle, be included in a new constitution,
CMI Change Management Initiative
(a) Quality frameworks: Eurostat, IMF, European Central Bank, Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO);
These issues generate impassioned debate, and to determine right and wrong, the toughest decisions are typically delegated to research ethics committees.
The State Administration of Taxation promulgated the "Administrative Measures on the Consolidation and Clearance of Profit Tax" on 15 December 2005, which will take effect from 1 January 2006. The Measures govern the procedures and administration of profit tax consolidation and clearance. A copy of the Measures is attached at
The rights to education, health and adequate housing, as well as the right to development are almost non-existent.
See Council decision 2002/235.
Mr. Secretary-General, you have the floor.
because this paragraph of time passes a few hours of insolation , vimineous softness bends easily.
The final report of the Commission will include a discussion of a number of institutional arrangements (including systems for allocating new emissions) for the new global reserve system, as well as a discussion of the transition and steps to ensure that it enhances stability.
I'm mile high feeling weightless off the ground.
10:00 to 13:00 24th meeting [webcast] Conference Room 3 (CB)
Other vulnerability assessments
Range of emissions (unabated) is 300 to 2000 mg/Nm3.
Little rain and poor soil fertility are problems in that area, as in other parts of southern Africa.
You're never gonna find them like this.
13. Statements were made by the representatives of the following members: Bangladesh; Bhutan; Cambodia; China; India; Indonesia; Iran (Islamic Republic of); Japan; Kazakhstan; Lao People's Democratic Republic; Malaysia; Maldives; Mongolia; Nepal; Pakistan; Papua New Guinea; Philippines; Republic of Korea; Russian Federation; Samoa; Thailand; and Tuvalu.
Bless the people peace and unity in 2009 happy life spring anti's beautiful! Mulberry Field.
43. International or national goodwill ambassadors, celebrities, artists and sports men and women can also make a useful contribution to the promotion of a culture of human rights among very different audiences.
As a purely private discourse letters that have no intention to publish provide us new materials and new perspective to grasp Barking.
FAFICS noted that that unfortunate situation needed to continue to be addressed as the Board was the only channel for keeping abreast of events concerning their pension issues.
9. Welcomes further the establishment of a United Nations Trust Fund to provide support to AMISOM as envisaged by Security Council resolution 1863 (2009) of 16 January 2009, and requests its immediate implementation.
Canadian Research Institute for the Advancement of Women
Then Judah said to his daughter-in-law Tamar, "Remain a widow in your father's house until my son Shelah grows up"; for he thought, "I am afraid that he too may die like his brothers.
In such cases it has been suggested that local remedies need not be exhausted because of the absence of a voluntary link or territorial connection between the injured individual and the respondent State.
2. Urges Governments to provide additional funding for the strengthening of targeted capacity-building by the United Nations Environment Programme in integrated environmental assessment and related data, information and knowledge management, and the identification of emerging issues at global, regional and national levels.
They agreed instead to introduce other measures, such as an awareness programme and health education.
"One, two, three, four, five," said Monte Cristo; "five millions--why what a Croesus you are!
Violence against women migrant workers (A/64/152)
The proposal was listed under item 155, "Question of the representation and participation of the 23 million people of Taiwan in the United Nations" of the draft agenda (see A/BUR/61/1).
Total requirements
Source: Based on OECD/Development Assistance Committee online database 2010.
Before proceeding to give the floor to speakers, I wish to draw their attention to the fact that we have barely 20 minutes' meeting time left and that we still have one draft resolution to be voted on, in accordance with informal paper 4, which was distributed yesterday.
(failed launch into geostationary orbit; remains in geostationary transfer orbit)
Christophe Lemaire
2. It seems that nobody knew what had happened
Delegations noted progress towards the reform agenda, especially efforts to improve country-level delivery, and urged UNICEF to pay special attention to such challenges as building local capacities for addressing child protection issues and translating human rights principles and tools into concrete programming instruments.
(f) Strengthening support to affected countries in order to respond to HIV coinfection with tuberculosis, as well as multi-drug resistant and extensively drug resistant tuberculosis, including through earlier detection of all forms of tuberculosis;
19. Reiterates its request to Member States and interested organizations, institutions and individuals to make voluntary contributions, inter alia, for the International Law Fellowship Programme and the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law, and expresses its appreciation to those Member States, institutions and individuals that have made voluntary contributions for this purpose;
Overcoming terrorism calls for stepping up the struggle against related phenomena such as drug trafficking and money-laundering.
New versions of its regulations of the directorate and staff regulations were to be reviewed and approved by the Intersputnik Operations Committee at its forthcoming session, to be held in April 2007.
When a local people's congress at or above the county level meets, its session shall be conducted by the presidium.
Mediation System eventually become protecting the feudal imperial power, to maintain the established social relations tool.
Subtotal proposed posts 2011 (HQ + Field) under Phase II & III
He was waiting for Petya's return in great uneasiness, anxiety, and vexation with himself for having let him go.Thank God! he cried.
China has consistently advocated the complete prohibition and total destruction of nuclear weapons to truly rid the world of nuclear weapons and the madness of nuclear war.
The fear is that we have no exit strategy from this conflict.
It's no doubt that thousands of pepole are still suffering from starvation and cold. 6.
The names of the food are strange.
His delegation would vote against the proposal by Benin, although it did not see the need for a vote.
I just repeat doing counting everyday
As Judas was finishing this speech , a detachment appeared , looking down from the mountain.
This will require close collaboration with the Government, the coordination of frequencies, the construction of towers, the installation of repeater sites and the overall establishment of a reliable, efficient and complex system.
The quality or condition of being impetuous.
The Marxism produces the balanced value theory of price theory and neoclassicism economics, it is the value theory with two the biggest impacts in contemporary economics.
Yes. And so are other factors such as experience and fringe benefits.
Theres no companion program like iTunes to sync your photos, music and videos to the phone; youre expected to drag these items to the phone manually after connecting via USB cable to your Mac or PC.
UNMEE has retained military posts in key sensitive areas of the Zone, including at its entry and exit points.
She battered up her car in the accident.
Article 3
 At the same meeting, the TAC was also briefed on the latest situation on the demand and supply of parking spaces in the territory, and the progress of implementation of the recommendations in the Second Parking Demand Study (PDS2).
I have been addicted to the beauty of the word and my adored science is also stretching its brand-new prospect.
The coincidental announcement of a reduction in the World Food Programme (WFP) food supply further fuelled demonstrations in the IDP camps, thus aggravating the situation.
60. Advancements in mine action have: facilitated the deployment of UNMIS; facilitated the delivery of humanitarian assistance from the United Nations country team; contributed to the protection of civilians; facilitated the safe return of internally displaced persons; and allowed for the 2010 elections and January 2011 referendum to be held with no reports of incidents involving mines.
If there is next life, darling, I may be turned into a round flower.
Some tunes in ritual are recorded.
The failure of some States to take seriously the goals and rights contained within the Declaration is detrimental to indigenous peoples' rights and well-being.
 26. This, I think, conveys the full seriousness of the situation.
Jesus answered and said to them, "Go and report to John what you hear and see:
If a person has had enough or is fullit is considered impolite to insist on that person having more to eat or drink.
A written licensing contract shall be signed between the managing and producing institutions.Managing institutions shall notify users to consult licensing files before the sale of software products, and require them to indicate whether to give their approval.
Rubén Fernando
Excuse me. I'd like to inquire about your guided tours of the Island of Hawaii.
If you wait, the night will come. At night there is a wolf in the forest; he eats little girls and boys
References for the fifty-eighth session (agenda item 32)
The cohesion in the face of the deadly threats emerging from Al-Qaida and other elements of international terrorism made it possible to achieve tangible success during the initial stage.
Not only a will-be expert must do effortful study, she must do it consistently for long, long period of time.
III. Operational costs
 O : Oral cleansing
(g) 172 new posts and positions (20 P-3, 3 Field Service, 6 National Professional Officers, 118 national General Service and 25 United Nations Volunteers) and the reclassification of three posts (P-2 to P-3) in the Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Section, component 4 (ibid., paras. 123-153).
Six countries had coefficients above 20 per cent: Nicaragua (116 per cent), Peru (25 per cent), Bolivia (23 per cent), Brazil (20 per cent), Argentina (22 per cent) and Honduras (22 per cent).
subtransmission line; secondary transmission line Transmission line in a subtransmission system, i.e. one which supplies distribution substations from bulk power sources, such as large transmission substations or generating stations
It is to be noted that the significant increase in the total number of posts subject to geographical distribution, from 87 in 2004 to 106 in 2005, has not been used to improve the imbalance; on the contrary, the situation has worsened.
Those adjustments had been reflected, as appropriate, in its report.
In particular, Nepal requested the Commission to develop its technical assistance programme on law reform and welcomed the establishment of a technical assistance and coordination unit within the UNCITRAL secretariat.
The idiotic Indian sang a shit - song of victory, describing their prowess in battle.
Conversely, sceptics wonder if the current good news may have more to do with weak accounting and regulatory forbearance.
1. Mr. Chungong Ayafor (Cameroon) said that there was a tendency not to respect the commitments entered into at the cycle of conferences on international economic development.
(c) How can they relate to indigenous women if they consist of upper-middle-class white women?
The actual number of Roma living in BiH, and consequently, the number of Roma children is not known, since the last census in Bosnia and Herzegovina was conducted in 1991.
Passepartout, about nine o'clock, went out upon the platform to take the air.
Global scientific debate won - response still debated - environment and economy linkages
I like this tip because it forces you to slow down. Instead of taking that stressed energy from your day and just letting it power through the meal too as you quickly wolf down everything on your plate.
Military observers
Tensions between political parties in large population centres could result in civil disturbances.
Support for precursor control and other law enforcement measures
Delegations noted the explanations provided for changes, which were introduced in the overall orientation of the programme and subprogrammes 1 and 5.
He wondered whether it would be feasible to guarantee access to food for poor people by regulating the prices of certain foods, such as cereals, within each producing country or at the international level.
t leave the light on when you are not in the room.
Summary The present document outlines steps for the development of the implementation plan of the Global Strategy to Improve Agricultural and Rural Statistics.
42. The different proposals made by stakeholders to date can be consulted on the website of OHCHR.
GROUP OF 77 OF THE THIRD COMMITTEE
However, our long-term strategic vision will require new tools such as the development of an early warning mechanism.
14. The European Union supports the proposals regarding information exchange in the context of law enforcement (sect. II, para. 22), and as a confidence-building measure (sect. II, para. 30).
Under rule 96 of the rules of procedure, all working documents issued for the Committee are confidential unless the Committee decides otherwise.
Subsequently, following consultations in the regional groups, the representatives of Jamaica (Latin American and Caribbean Group), the Czech Republic (Eastern European Group), Namibia (African Group) and India (Asian Group) were elected as Vice-Presidents.
Long accustomed to choosing and supervising its members to run state enterprises, the party in Wenzhou is at the sharp end of a new challenge to penetrate the private sector.
Manipulation of photons has attracted a lot of interest in the fields of information science and precise measurment.
April 1999
50. The Netherlands expected Argentina to finalize and effectively implement legislation for the establishment of the national mechanism for the prevention of torture.
Every truth has geological strata, and you cannot have an orthodoxy without a heresy.
He urged the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management to take the necessary measures to rectify the situation with regard to the shortfall in staff, in particular through the holding of international competitive examinations, and further urged it to work with the Office of Human Resources Management to make arrangements for such examinations.
In this regard:
 Undoubtedly for us the question of participation in the Commonwealth of Independent States is vital.
Item 4. Organization of work
1. In 1997, the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) served as both an instrument of and support for the international community in pursuing its drug control objectives within the framework of the international drug control treaties.
But, given the ready availability of vaccines in developed countries, the focus of prevention efforts has shifted to changing cancer-causing lifestyles.
(b) To review the current administrative arrangements for GM as contained in the memorandum of understanding between the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the COP, including the possibility of separate budget submissions and performance reporting to the COP.
Currency appreciated against United States dollar (2005 -- 10,655:1 vs 2010 -- 8,259:1).
RISING POWERS BRING LITTLE LIGHT
(b) Achieving operational efficiencies in the areas of receipt of goods, transportation, mail operations and inventory management following the completion of the redesigned loading dock and full implementation of a centrally managed warehouse;
We were just getting into it.
 60. In this connection, the Department, in cooperation with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, produced a series of three public service announcements in support of the International Day Against Drug Abuse.
The State party is urged to protect media pluralism and avoid state monopolization of media, which would undermine the principle of freedom of expression enshrined in article 19 of the Covenant.
We can't be there yet.
24. By the decision of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly in June, 2010 the Ministry of Education was restructured to be Education Commission comprising Ministries of Higher Education and General Secondary Education with a view to further qualitative improvement of education and providing more effective guidance to the educational work as required by the new developments.
The representative of the Syrian Arab Republic made a statement, in the course of which she orally corrected draft resolution A/64/L.32.
Now she preferred the garden, and did not dislike to promenade back and forth in front of the railed fence.
After years of lecturing America about loose lending, Canada now must confront a bubble of its own
Wanton interference in other countries' internal affairs is becoming extreme. Large-scale military force has been used in international relations without the authorization of the United Nations. The gigantic military bloc, instead of fading away, is growing and gaining in strength; a certain country, for its own benefit and in disregard of the demands and appeals of General Assembly resolutions passed year after year, applies expediency and double standards to existing arms control and disarmament agreements, even trying to weaken or abolish the relevant treaty so as to keep the door open for its energetic research, development and proliferation of advanced missile defence systems which undermine the strategic balance and stability. The CTBT has been trampled on and faces an unknown future, one of the reasons given being that it is "insufficient to ensure perpetual supremacy in nuclear weapons".
Objective To evaluate the therapeutic effect of blood purification for hemorrhagic fever with renal syndromes (HFRS) with acute renal failure.
Important groundwork has already been laid, but we are well aware that a long road leading to our final destination -- a Jamaica truly fit for children -- remains to be travelled.
Twenty-third session
Companies who may have an interest in the outcome of the review are invited to make representations to the Mexican authorities within 28 working days of the publication of the gazette notice, i.e. by 2 September 2005. Details and requirements of the submissions are set out in paragraphs 15 and 16 of the notice.
It does not appear, however, to have affected the gains already made.
In its resolution 42/11, the Commission requested the Executive Director of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to prepare a biennial report, to be submitted to the Commission, on the efforts of Governments and the difficulties encountered in meeting the objectives and target dates agreed upon by the Assembly at its twentieth special session.
In its resolution 62/246, the General Assembly expressed its readiness to apply the follow-up system to review recommendations of the Unit requiring action by the Assembly.
He struck a match and lighted a candle.
Justifications for the vacancy rates proposed are explained in paragraph 59 of the proposed budget.
In view of the rotation of offices based on regional distribution, the officers of the Commission for its thirteenth session will be from the following regional groups:
S didn't V1 but V2 ) EX: He didn't win the election,but lost people's trust.
At the conclusion of the meeting, the following joint press statement was issued:
Are there any other comments on paragraph 43?
Of the 220 returnees, approximately 44 per cent were from the Kosovo Roma, Ashkali and Egyptian communities, 36 per cent were Kosovo Serbs, 13 per cent were Kosovo Goranis and 7 per cent were Kosovo Bosniaks.
The Committee requested that a review be undertaken and that, as appropriate, measures be introduced to reduce the ratio of General Service to Professional staff in ECA.
To give way abruptly under pressure or tension
Isometimes feel spaced out when I'm tired.LH: feeling spaced out LL: Yeah, but sometimes it might be for no reason
1. The present document is the first annual report of the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
But this would have made Chinese goods more expensive in dollars -- making Chinese products less price-competitive.
Apparently, equality among States of sovereignty, rights and obligations no longer exists.
Further analyses will be required, once agreement is reached on the minimum set of indicators, to identify the repositories of the required data and information in order to encourage and facilitate interregional exchanges of information, data and knowledge;
The Committee notes with appreciation the continued contributions under the status-of-forces agreement.
1. Promotion and protection of the rights of children [63 (a)]
Can I install custom PERL module?
The Team also received information from Member States on the situation in Afghanistan.
In the debate of Act XXXIV of 2004 on small and medium-sized enterprises and on the promotion of their development it was proposed that credit institutions should produce reports in a breakdown by the gender of the borrower.
Note by the secretariat on the Workshop on Coalition of Resources
Paul didnt need any lessons when it comes to office politics
States could carry out such an operation as necessary 鈥渋n accordance with their national legal authorities鈥? he said.
Especially the CD package in the industry which are a leading position.
Reserves and fund balances -- end of period
Food security would be taken into consideration in the UNDAF process in connection with the focus objectives.
United Kingdom of Great Ecuador
Soon the Queen had a little son, who was named Andre
Ever use method
(b) Representatives of observer States: Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Colombia, Morocco, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Sudan;
 Since it was founded half a century ago, the United Nations has sought to build an international community based on peace, international security and the rule of law.
The introduction of surveillance technology stemming from the amended concept of military operations would require additional resource provisions under the special equipment budget line item.
You've got to keep Arthur alive until I get back.
C. Cities and climate change
Jack is a big - league pitcher.
 8. Invites Member States, the organizations of the United Nations system and non-governmental organizations concerned to provide further relevant data about doses, effects and risks from various sources of radiation, which would greatly help in the preparation of future reports of the Scientific Committee to the General Assembly.
Transnational terrestrial cable networks can offer a complementary solution to submarine cable networks to increase reliability and access as well as, under the adequate regulatory conditions, stimulate competition across routes and, hence, reduce bandwidth price, while providing added redundancy and lower latency.
Some offices have complaint forms online and host online forums for children.
Europay, MasterCard and Visa (EMV)
The State party should intensify its efforts to prevent and combat trafficking in human beings, especially women and children, including by implementing the anti-trafficking legislation, providing protection for victims and ensuring their access to medical, social, rehabilitative and legal services, including counselling services, as appropriate.
Summary table for Ministry of Defense – Air Force Tangible Property
Control appetite .Over indulgence clogs body and mind 4.
Equality Now
Ladies and gentlemen, we only have 32 passengers on the plane today.
MCW Metrobus
Why can't you think of anyone but yourself? You're so selfish!
16. With reference to paragraph 75 of the report, please provide updated information on the progress made by the Advertising Commission in the preparations of a protocol that will "unify" the State party's measures in avoiding "sexist advertising".
(e) Civil Affairs Office
These hands and those are .
The fight against trafficking in human beings should be a priority for all, as most States are affected, either as countries of origin, countries of transit or countries of destination.
Every day, scores of people are the victims of anti-personnel landmines and of small arms and light weapons.
We recognize that the maintenance of nuclear-weapon systems at a high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons, including their unintentional or accidental use.
The ICSC secretariat stated that linking the mobility and hardship allowance to the net remuneration would introduce a cost-of-living component into the equation for determining mobility and hardship allowance, which was conceptually at variance with the scheme; it also pointed out that the current linkage/adjustment mechanism was modelled on the comparator.
Why, we're not dogs!” said the former police-captain, and looking round, he caught sight of Alpatitch.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
In all his preconditions he insisted on the acceptance of a confederal solution between two equal and sovereign States in Cyprus, despite the fact that these preconditions are contrary to all United Nations resolutions on the subject, in particular Security Council resolutions 541 (1983), 550 (1984) and 1250 (1999).
What are needed are knowledge and the ability to exercise these rights.
It encouraged Switzerland to ratify international human rights instruments to which it had not yet acceded.
Belarus
Statements were made by Solomon Islands, Fiji and USP. Session 3 - Country Presentations
The Ministers, therefore, call for the immediate elimination of all forms of agricultural subsidies and other market-distorting measures by developed countries.
 The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representatives of Benin, Egypt, Liberia and Nigeria, at their request, to participate in the discussion with the right to vote.
this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
The people attending the convention also generate more business in the hotel's restaurants, bars and shops.
(a) Legislative, administrative and other measures supportive of rights fulfilment are adopted, implemented, reviewed and strengthened so that disability-based discrimination is eliminated;
The Security Council,
I tested a game that used the phone's motion sensors to control the action, and I tested several programs from America Online, including AOL Instant Messenger; AOL Radio, which streams music from the Internet; and AOL's Truveo video search engine.
How much is the book(cup/pen)?
we are Marxist in our historical approach and must not lop off our history.
B: Anyway, I would like to compare some other commercial buildings near this location. Can you help me
In accordance with the annex to this decision, the review is to be conducted on the basis of guidelines which outline the objectives, methodology and criteria to be used to assess the effectiveness of the financial mechanism.
Affirming that it sees in this process the broadest positive opportunities for the further development of civilization, the expansion of opportunities for cooperation for the common good of all States, the enhancement of the creative potential of mankind and additional improvements in the circulation of information in the global community,
2. The major impediments to, and shortcomings of, human resources management and development are: (a) limited resources available to the Office of Human Resources Management; (b) delegation of authority to perform human resources management functions without attendant training and accountability; (c) diffused performance of human resources functions, with the many layers of human management functions obstructing accountability; (d) political considerations and lack of transparency in the appointment of senior staff even when they have had little or no leadership or managerial experience in working in a complex, multicultural environment before joining the Organization; (e) inconsistency of policies and guidelines and sometimes a lack of clear policies and guidelines; (f) variability in application of policies and guidelines; and
In that sense, the list of optional elements is designed as a practical guide for lawmakers in all States that helps to define what issues should be covered in illicit brokering legislation when one tries to come up with national legislation on the issue.
By now , Chrysler's problems were so serious that our precarious  position was well known.
It caused reduced investment or even disinvestment, with many long-term effects, including social polarization, lack of respect for the rule of law and human rights, undemocratic practices and diversion of funds intended for development and essential services.
Nevertheless, promotion of Hg management is warranted at levels including households, industries and the public sector.
Gross enrolment ratios tertiary (F): 46 (1996)
A central aspect of this programme was the emphasis on transforming public services into community services, thus taking better account of the needs and priorities of indigenous communities.
(d) To address remaining gaps in capacity for gaining access to and managing climate finance.
12 February 2010
Publication of the final report on the website
The conceptual debate itself, as evidenced by the present seminar, had also gained a new impetus through the understanding of dialogue and cooperation and the principles of universality, impartiality, objectivity and non-selectivity underpinning the mandate of the Council.
The flow field and the temperature field of thermal discharge in Chizhou Power Plant is simulated by adopting the mathematical model for two-dimensional flow field and temperature field.
Referendums are the favorite device of populists and would-be dictators.
Yet we are entering the last quarter with a projected shortfall of about US$ 30 million.
9. In the area of environment, relevant functional commissions addressed the impacts of climate change and air pollution on the overall achievement of the United Nations development agenda.
I gotta put all that shit back on, goddamn it.
In Europe, the FTSE Eurofirst 300 fell to its lowest level since November 2005 as concerns over the health of the financial sector were heightened by news that the Belgian-Dutch group Fortis would scrap its dividend and sell shares to raise capital.
Iraq states that it is difficult to respond to the allegations in the claim in the absence of the relevant information and evidence.
David was an aspiring screenwriter and my most reliable friend. I didn't tell him about my upcoming movie meeting. The mood of betrayal had gone general.
50 First Dates
3.20 Expected accomplishments would include the reduction of the threat posed by landmines and unexploded ordnance in affected countries.
96. Since 2010, WFP has been collaborating with Save the Children United Kingdom on its "Cost of the diet" software: this has involved joint analyses in 10 countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Although all efforts will be made to ensure the continued provision of facilities and services, certain services will be affected by ongoing construction, including:
 The monograph was available, as a background document, in both English and French, at the All African Prisons Conference, held at Kampala from 19 to 21 September 1996.
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
List of Date A Live characters
This is why an understanding of motivation is so important to leadership and managership .
When officials of the requesting State cannot know what the foreign law demands and thus are unable to intelligently appraise whether they can satisfy its requirements, they may wait for another opportunity elsewhere rather than expend substantial time and effort with little promise of success.
Contents
South Korea roster 2006 World Baseball Classic
(b) Follow-up to the outcome of the special session on children.
Yet the common cold just seems to be just that all too common.
(c) Urgently adopt comprehensive legislation to combat discrimination and sexual harassment in the workplace, in line with the Committee's general recommendation No. 19;
Cooperation
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004)
Santa Lucía, Corrientes
Nearly 60 banks have rubber-stamped a refinancing deal.
1. Estonia has no diplomatic representation in Israel and is therefore not affected by General Assembly resolution 58/22 concerning diplomatic missions to Jerusalem.
52. No provision of the Vienna Convention expressly answers this question, of great practical importance, and the travaux préparatoires relating to article 19 do not shed any light in this regard.
The cooperation received from both States has once again been satisfactory.
MINURCAT
The model had not been applied to MINUSCA because the General Assembly had not provided specific authorization for its application to the new mission.
What exactly are you getting at?
Go another block and hang a louie.
Abidjan, 8 and 9 May 2003
:: Article 32: Take all legislative and institutional measures to protect witnesses, experts, and victims.
 1. Election of officers.
B. Technical capacity
B. Social development
Addendum
OIOS recommended that urgent measures be taken to enhance staff security.
The establishment of the New Partnership for Africa'sn Development attests to the continent's willingness to take charge of its development, in the context of a renewed partnership with the industrialized countries.
1.8.4 Reduction in the time taken to process electronic bank transfers (2012/13: 97 per cent within 3 days; 2013/14: 97 per cent within 3 days; 2014/15: 98 per cent within 3 days)
(a) Status and trends of biodiversity
I've heard that people in other countries are experimenting with all kinds of models for their kids, for height, good looks, etc., but I think that's all a little silly.
Even though the Egyptians were warlike, they found time for peaceful games
The KSL aims to serve as a strategic link between the West Rail and East Rail. It will provide a fast and convenient railway link for over a million residents in the North West New Territories to reach the Tsim Sha Tsui area using the West Rail or to connect to other areas served by the East Rail without the need to interchange.
Items 105 (a) and (b) and 106. General discussion (concluded)
Arsenal W.F.C.
With a view to offering guidance for technical assistance, and pursuant to paragraph 74 (a) of the Durban Programme of Action, which "[u]rges States and invites non-governmental organizations and the private sector ... [t]o create and implement policies that promote a high-quality and diverse police force free from racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and recruit actively all groups, including minorities, into public employment, including the police force and other agencies within the criminal justice system (such as prosecutors)", OHCHR commissioned a paper for discussion with Governments and other partners on "integration with diversity in policing, security and criminal justice".
explain the programme in detail to the residents;
Earlier we mentioned the value of tying the guidelines to UI code. A coding team meets with our lead guidelines designer in an on-going basis, and tracks the development of each component to an actual guideline.
Special Courts, viz., Family Courts and Fast Track Courts have been set up and some courts are exclusively meant to address crimes against women.
Despite the fact that Iraq has denied over the past eleven 11 years that it had seized the archives, we consider their its acknowledgement of their that it holding holds of the archives and their its intention to return them to be an important step towards carrying out Security Council resolutions, particularly resolutions 686 (1991), 687 (1991) and 1284 (1999).
Dont worry.Mr. Carruthers said.I put it all back in your cashbox, all six thousand
And when the sun rose , it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered.
Taking a look at acne, it's causes and specifically it's treatments to enable you to lead a less stress free lifestyle.
Tunisia's troubles are unlikely to unseat the 74-year-old president or even to jolt his model of autocracy.
19. The participatory experiences in both land delimitation and conflict management have led to the development within FAO of an open and participatory development planning methodology as the basis for defining community-based territorial plans.
Poverty becomes more concentrated and can intensify when people do not find the employment they moved to the city to find.
(a) Ways and means, principles and procedures for fixing the minimum wage valid for the whole country, as well as the reasons, conditions and manner in which it is adjusted;
In pursuance of rule 112, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to ensure in practice that those individuals responsible for acts of torture be appropriately punished, to ensure the complainant full redress and to inform the Committee, within 90 days from the date of the transmittal of this decision, of all steps taken in response to the Committee's observations.
Moreover the Commission did not examine the merits of his complaint since it was declared inadmissible under article 47, paragraph (b), of the American Convention on Human Rights on the grounds that "there was no prima facie evidence of a violation of the rights protected by the Convention".
In so doing, it even resorts to irresponsible methods, such as the manipulation of intelligence and frightening people to promote programmes that their people would otherwise not support.
Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) is one of the most common fatal genetic disorders to affect children around the world.
The Government should also continue taking measures to ensure the existence of a coherent security sector in which RSLAF and the Sierra Leone police work in harmony.
The Ministry of Finance has advanced in the implementation of the Integrated Financial Management System, which allows real-time monitoring of budget execution.
These issues include free and fair trade, as well as the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
When he applied for the lucrative linguist job, Habib said his recruiter gave no hint he would join a ground assault in Taliban land.
Date of loss
 What is necessary is to replicate these elements in an umbrella convention, which will be a comprehensive, binding international legal instrument establishing universal jurisdiction over and criminality of terrorist activities and offenders.
Following a day-long debate, which was broadcast, Parliament approved, on 11 July, the Timor-Leste Strategic Development Plan for 2011-2030 (see S/2010/522, para. 3), although Fretilin, Partido Unidade Nacional (PUN) and Klibur Oan Timor Asuwain (KOTA) members left before the vote to express dissatisfaction with the debate.
Accounts receivable
Comments and observations received from Governments and relevant intergovernmental organizations
'It offered', he said, 'a strong way forward'
1256. The Committee recommends that research be carried out on the situation of child labour in the State party, including the involvement of children in hazardous work, to identify its causes and the extent of the problem.
(f) Social issues critical to peacebuilding.
7. United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC)
19. United Nations Operation in Somalia (UNOSOM)
As usual at that hour, the place was deserted.
In 2006, the Committee on the Rights of the Child expressed its concern about the large-scale of recruitment of children by illegal armed groups for purposes of combat and sexual enslavement.
Every dog is valiant at his own door.
Then the editor of a weekly newspaper there, Sam Brannan, went to Sutter's mill to make a report
This channel is ignored for one good reason: exchange-rate policies are fundamentally of the beggar-thy-neighbor variety.
IV. Lessons learned by Member States from the reform process
" "You said once that you are not Hilde's father.
25. As at 19 August, UNDOF comprised 1,168 troops, including 34 women, from Fiji (501), the Philippines (341), India (193), Nepal (130) and Ireland (3).
47th meeting
Something so simple. And yet, operative mortality dropped profoundly.
Severe And Complex Neurological Disability: Management Of The Physical Condition
Recognizing the special responsibility of mine-exporting States in the mine-clearance process and the financing of mine-clearance operations,
All requests were formulated on the basis of the needs indicated in the national reports submitted in 2012 and were fully endorsed by the respective national authorities.
The first exponential has been introduced to allow for variation of amplitude with attitude.
Radiography equipment
20. Decides that the increase of 706,300 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2013 shall be added to the credits in the amount of 22,996,700 dollars referred to in paragraphs 18 and 19 above;
Training and advisory services will continue to be provided, through the United Nations disarmament fellowship, training and advisory services programme and the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR), to Member States, in particular developing countries, to enable them to enhance their expertise in disarmament, so that they may participate more effectively in international deliberating and negotiating forums.
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
(c) A foreign proceeding and an insolvency proceeding under specified laws of the enacting State are taking place concurrently, in respect of the same debtor;
"He'll be under an extreme amount of pressure," says Trammell. "He's pretty much holding a nation on his shoulders.
A. Bilateral assistance to population activities
:: Employees should be educated about commonly misused terms and phrases.
In this regard, the Group of 77 and China would like to reiterate once again their long-standing position on this important matter.
Availability of information on optional impact indicators
C. Latin America & the Caribbean
Eskimos use refrigerators to keep food from freezing.
Not today   man! those days are over!
His Excellency The Honourable Amasone Kilei, Minister of Health and Education of Tuvalu
cal. 40 mm
:: Assess, illustrate and disseminate collateral benefits of mitigation activities
Under that legislation, in "private charge cases", proceedings could be initiated by the victim, his or her legal representative or the representative of a juridical person.
" said I.
He writes mostly with linked strokes, that I can hardly distinguish.
What's the best souvenir to buy in Neimenggu
She also reiterated the need to raise taxes and review the tax collection and exemption system.
The Holy See requested Sri Lanka to share the findings of the special bodies created to stop the persistent pattern of enforced disappearances and the measures put into place to address this problem.
Pakistan
The system is based on power-sharing, democratic principles, the rule of law, good governance and respect for human rights and freedoms.
Fred Ford can't afford four Fords.
In order, however, to enable Habitat II partners that do not have a connection to the World Wide Web to gain access to the information, provision is being made for the information to be accessible via electronic mail and also in diskette format.
The financial data must demonstrate the performance of the claimant's business during the period before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, as well as after the liberation of Kuwait.
Our artistic director was instrumental in persuading the orchestra to come.
The human resources delivery model at Headquarters was to be realigned in terms of customer service integration in order to improve responsiveness and efficiency.
But stocks lost only 3%, on average, between the start and end dates of those recessions, as defined by the National Bureau of Economic Research.
The bird slowly spiraled upward.
51. The possible requirement of an upsurge capacity (for example, in the case of a referral of a situation or if an evidence preservation situation arises under article 18, paragraph 6, or article 19, paragraph 8, of the Statute) can be met through the equivalent of general temporary assistance funds during the first financial period.
Sometimes the best gift is noticing what Dad does around the house tokeepthings running smoothly, and then offering to do it in his stead
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/64/L.46
Despite these considerable achievements, the main issues that contributed to the 2006 crisis, as mentioned in the Secretary-General's report -- such as poverty, unemployment, lack of an effective land and property regime and a weak judicial system -- continue to pose important challenges and need to be fully addressed in order to anchor stability in Timor-Leste.
18. In the United States of America, cannabis was the most commonly used illicit drug (used in the past month), the rate being 6.2 per cent (or 14.6 million persons) among the general population in 2002.
Accordingly, as there is no prospect that repeated petitions to either body offer any chance of success, the petitioners claim to have exhausted all effective domestic remedies.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
He was a tailor who could barely read or write. Yet he was extremely ambitious.
Their political power is on the wane.
The Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and the efforts we are currently undertaking are steeped in the tradition of this body.
Special event on "Giving voice to the victims and survivors of human trafficking" (hosted by the High Commissioner for Human Rights) (organized by the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights)
That thing, if it is in line with what we know to be His expressed will (as a son to Abraham and Sarah was), God intends to do for us, even if we know that it is of such utter impossibility that we only laugh at the absurdity of anyone's supposing it could ever now come to pass.
Furthermore, the Ministry of the People's Power for Science, Technology and Intermediate Industries has drafted a code of bioethics and biosecurity, establishing guiding principles governing the conduct of researchers and scientists working in this field.
Nevertheless, during his last mission, the Special Rapporteur received no indication that all prisoners of conscience would be released, that freedom of opinion and association would be guaranteed in the context of these elections, and that ethnic communities would be able to fully participate.
Programme Officer (P-4)
The preparatory segment was opened by its co-chairs, Mr. Patrick McInerney (Australia) and Mr. Richard Mwendandu (Kenya), on Monday, 17 November 2014, at 10.20 a.m.
The relevant administrative issuances are being developed and promulgated in a phased approach and provide detailed instructions and procedures related to the implementation of the new contractual framework and the system of administration of justice.
Thirty-nine cases (among them the most complicated) are currently being processed, and it is expected that all of the cases will be processed by the end of 2002 and submitted to Member States for concurrence of calculated reimbursement amounts before certification. Paragraphs
We salute the courage and selflessness of late Aimé Césaire who, despite the intimidation, the harassment and the isolation which he was subjected to by those who disliked his ideas, has never given up on his strong desire and determination to uphold the values, the rights and the freedom of black people.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
Annex I Changes to the programme narratives of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third sessiona and additional modifications
s strong, hes quick, hes 6)agile, hes got good balance and hes got great vision, he is very special.
Hundreds of millions of people, he said, expect no less.
There has been an average monthly disposal rate of 15.8 cases whereas, on average, 22.4 new cases are registered every month before the Dispute Tribunal.
Seventy-three per cent of Nicaragua's population is Catholic, 15.1 per cent is Evangelical and 1.5 per cent is Moravian. Two per cent of the population belongs to other faiths and 8.4 per cent does not practise any religion.
Here they are.I: Do you have any questionsA: I think that you have covered all the important points already.
prefer dried mushroom clear soup.
We demand that the Israeli Government stop its settlement activities in the Palestinian territories, especially in the Holy City of Jerusalem, and that it cease forthwith all changes to its Arab character and legal status.
The fact that he had suffered this much now rather operated to arouse a stolid determination to stick it out.
Mr. Chambas further highlighted the involvement of UNAMID in the crisis by protecting internally displaced persons from further violence and supporting the delivery of emergency humanitarian assistance.
And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.
The Minister for External Affairs also stated that we would be bringing proposals to Member States and this Organization in that regard.
The European Union (EU) does not normally let member governments insure short-term export credits to developed countries anyway.
(v) Review of applications and appointment of examining physicians at all United Nations locations.
Table 21.19 Resource requirements: subprogramme 5
We broke up six months later.
33. Similar problems are evident in relation to the identification and measurement of rape, domestic violence and sexual abuse.
What does my policy cover?
According to the latest Merrill Lynch fund managers' survey, the danger least preying on global investors' minds at present is geopolitical risk.
It is consistent with the drive towards increasing efficiency and effectiveness within the United Nations system.
2636 Lassell
Just shampoo it and tidy it up a bit, please .
ReallyIs it your first time
Counsel notes that according to the State party, the asylum requests of the complainants were rejected on the basis of section 12 of the Refugee Act, pursuant to which refugee status is not granted if there are serious doubts as to whether the asylum-seekers were or are members of forbidden religious organizations.
The Organization's policy is that geographic distribution applies only to established posts under the regular budget and that geographic status is only attributable to such posts.
"Puntland"
Gastric and duodenal ulcers were noted to evolve from early superficial mucosal disease.
He used his influence to get his friend a job.
While these events are likely to result in new project delivery requests, UNOPS has opted for prudence in deciding not to factor in such opportunities in its 2003 delivery estimates.
I suggest we can have a weekly project meeting over the phone call in the near future. 85.
The people's court may disqualify a guardian based on the application of a concerned party or unit.
As a follow-up to the private sector focal points meeting held last year, the Global Compact Office is currently creating an inventory of United Nations-business guidelines from across the system.
Yes, BU is expensive, and I would not recommend this place to students who aren't on scholarship or of rich parents.
* E/2007/100.
"The Council expresses concern at problems encountered by the LNTG in extending its authority outside the Monrovia area, and requests the Secretary-General to explore, in consultation with ECOWAS, whether there are any steps which might be taken to facilitate LNTG's efforts in this regard.
Understanding of apoptosis may provide new therapies for various human diseases.
I. Background 1 - 4 3
Article 48 Annual Report
– insufficient training, a narrow professional outlook, legal nihilism, carelessness, bureaucracy, the lack of responsibility on the part of some internal affairs workers, the Office of the Public Prosecutor, the courts, leaders of local government and administrative bodies and various organizations and institutions leads to the commission of gross violations of the human rights and freedoms guaranteed in universally recognized norms of international law and the Constitution and legislation of Uzbekistan;
Reaffirming also its firm determination and its commitment to eradicate totally and unconditionally racism, in all its forms, and racial discrimination,
It reported regularly, within the prescribed time limits, to the relevant committees and intended to further its cooperation and dialogue with the latter and with the non-treaty human rights bodies of the United Nations.
Delegations are reminded that the deadline to inform the secretariat of the General Assembly that their representation at the debate in the plenary of the twenty-fifth special session will be at the Head of State, Head of Government, Vice-President or Crown Prince/Princess level is 5 p.m. on Monday, 16 April 2001.
How received woman her awareness?
And I had a lot of -- always interested in the concept of a crystal ball.
Mr. João Maria Cabral
269. Persons, upon establishment of the aforementioned special needs, are awarded compensations in the amounts specified by legal acts.
around 1650 BC. Since then, many famous scientists and mathematicians both in the West and East (such as
However, the denial of technology to responsible States does not serve non-proliferation but only signals a punitive intent.
The Meeting also took note of the appointment, by the United Nations Secretary-General, of Peter Kolarov of the Geneva Branch of the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs as Executive Secretary of the Meeting, and the appointment, by the President, of Kerry Brinkert, Director of the Implementation Support Unit (ISU), as the President's Executive Coordinator.
Enjoy the "Walking with Buddha" and "Monkey's Tale Theatre" shows.
It provided expert testimony as a friend of the court on various hate/bias crime cases in the past year, including the incitement of hatred on the Internet, and hosted a biannual national award of excellence programme, celebrating organizations and individuals who lead by example in anti-racism practices, bringing together Canadian practitioners, academics, activists, community organizations, youth and Government.
The staffing level of UNPOS would remain unchanged, with a total of 105 positions in 2011.
Support provided for the implementation of the conventions through the preparation of outreach material, including printing and publications to raise awareness of the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm conventions.
To be held on Monday, 18 August 2008, at 10 a.m.
I intend to make concerted efforts to improve relationships with management and all Member States.
Nevertheless, it was not explicit about the duty not to carry out express orders which involved violations of human rights.
Demographic indicators
The Commission's guidance is sought on the preparations for the Asia-Pacific regional review of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development within the framework of General Assembly resolution 65/234.
The Board also notes that the plan provides little margin for unforeseen events, and therefore presents a number of risks.
For several months, she continues to stay at her own home preparing her dowry and receiving instructions from her mother on how to be a good wife and mother.
It also refers to standards and recommendations from United Nations and regional human rights bodies, as well as from other sources around the world, including Amnesty International's recommendations.
People have idols, but please bring your own personality.
He was a very vain guy that he would not admit that he had debt problem.
1419
The power relationships determine whose perspective ultimately prevails in valuation;
We recognize that, for a large majority of the United Nations membership, the right to development is of particular importance.
the junior high school teachers in rural areas must remodel individual goals, and enhance and foster occupational identity;
There won't be enough left of you to identify.
Policies contain intended or unintended economic incentives by either increasing the cost of undesirable behaviour or increasing the economic returns of desirable behaviour.
Article 69 After a public trust is established, the regulatory agency of public undertakings may change relevant clauses of the trust documents on the basis of purposes of the trust if any of the circumstances that can't be anticipated when the trust is established happens.
This is a plain indication of God's righteous judgment so that you will be considered worthy of the kingdom of God, for which indeed you are suffering
Her father advised her against marrying jack.
Disney's second Asian park is scheduled to open in 2005.The Hong Kong government is providing nearly three billion US dollars in land and financial 20)subsidies.
Suddenly, Galen and Rose heard a commotion in the Wood. They stopped and peered in, straining to see through the fog.
62. CEDAW urged Comoros to: take measures to expand capacity, particularly for the age cohort of 6 - 14 years old; identify and implement measures to reduce the gender disparity in primary and secondary school; address causes of the high dropout rates of adolescent girls from school such as gender stereotypes, poverty and sexual harassment in school, teenage pregnancies and early marriages; revise the school curriculum in order to eliminate stereotypes which impeded girls" wide curriculum options and career paths; and improve the literacy rate of women through the adoption of comprehensive programmes of formal and non-formal education and training.
The youngest daughter-in-law will tell it to the Yang Ge, before he " training" , the old man has a mistake in the chair laughing.
In addition, HRW reported that the United Nations Security Council had still not made public the findings of the United Nations Commission of Inquiry into serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law since September 2002.
49. Responding to requests from Member States, support was provided to Georgia, Indonesia, Serbia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the Pacific region in order to strengthen national capacities for the development of national action plans relating to Security Council resolution 1325 (2000) on women and peace and security.
A. Transactions covered by the Guide
Maldives
The technical guidelines produced by the LEG are available online in English at <unfccc.int/NAP>.
I can't be worried about you out there.
The first is Mr Obama's failure to grapple as fast and as single-mindedly with the economy as he should have done.
I don't remember this way.
Signature: Germany (10 October 2013)
183. One P-4 Police Adviser will work to: strengthen and improve ICT, database and other information management and reporting methods in local police and other law enforcement services; devise secure information dissemination and communication strategies and programmes in support of police command and control and discipline during police operations, paying particular attention to linking the use of both traditional and modern methods of communication and information distribution techniques, including computer hardware and software, radio, vehicle dispatches, human couriers and other communication and information exchange techniques used by police and other law enforcement agencies in post-conflict environments.
3 Political affairs
In paragraph 31 of its report on strengthening the security and safety of United Nations operations, staff and premises (A/58/758), the Committee indicated that:
The Council drew lots to determine the expiration dates for the terms of the new members.
New Formosa Band
:: Vigorously support the establishment of community-based forest enterprises based on advanced processing and marketing of timber and non-timber products
He did not notice the bullets whizzing on all sides, and the shells flying over him; he did not see the enemy on the other side of the river, and it was a long time before he saw the killed and wounded, though many fell close to him.
Indeed, without access to affordable credit, economic growth, competitiveness and international trade could not be fostered, with enterprises being prevented from expanding to meet their full potential.
Human rights and extreme poverty
1. Takes note of the status of contributions to the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia as at 30 April 1999, including the contributions outstanding in the amount of 8.8 million United States dollars, representing 11 per cent of the total assessed contributions from the inception of the Observer Mission to the period ending 30 June 1999, notes that some 16 per cent of the Member States have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States concerned, in particular those in arrears, to ensure payment of their outstanding assessed contributions;
The most shocking miss of the season I can recall is Inzaghi's blunder against Juve.
Empress Qiang
Bachelor of Arts, 1958.
However, this product alkaline dry brushing surface disappear harmless to human body.
However, this request was turned down by the Ministry, stating that "[d]ue to the Turkish invasion of 1974 and the displacement of population, all Turkish Cypriot properties have come under the protection of the Interior Minister in a law passed in 1991, pending resolution of the Cyprus problem".
No matter how far apart their political views may have been, the two sides shared a common language about what constitutes evidence and – for the most part – a common approach to resolving differences.
Over the past decade, air transport in the region has improved significantly.
And Little Red Cap returned home happily, and no one harmed her.
Employment rate for women aged 10 to 69: 62 per cent Number Area
W: How fast is Beijing developing?
A. Opening of the session
"I don't know.
The posts occupied by the authors were abolished in the reorganization, in accordance with legal procedures and respecting the acquired rights established by law.
MALDIVES
A So, if your older brother has a baby girl, youre her uncle! m her uncle.
Now, if it's so clear that the multilateral approach offers most benefits, do or can regional and bilateral deals make good sense?
In the mountain , stillness surges up to explore its own height ; Inthe lake, movement stands still to contemplate its own depth .
58. UNAMID investigated 37 cases of pre-trial detention involving 72 people.
Yes, the chances of an immediate repeat of the acute financial meltdown of 2008 are much reduced by the fact that most investors, regulators, consumers, and even politicians will remember their financial near-death experience for quite some time.
I,um I accidentally wrote a book out robert and the campaign.
It recommended that attention be given to strengthening the constitutional protections against detention in inhumane conditions; that there should be focus on providing rehabilitation programmes with appropriate programmes for specific categories of inmates; and that Jamaica keep its commitment to build proper detention facilities.
(i) The Congress should encourage UNODC to continue providing to Member States, upon request, technical assistance for prison reform, including in the form of tools and training, and Member States should provide UNODC with the requisite resources to do so.
 69. The cost of major missions has been and will continue to be a major concern.
The Declaration proclaimed the necessity of bringing a prompt and unconditional end to colonialism in all its forms and manifestations, which were incompatible with the United Nations Charter, the Decolonization Declaration and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
General challenges and priorities for action
Other public engagement activities organized include outreaching programmes for the students, a roving exhibition at various districts as well as a creative planning competition for the students and young people.
When a newly married man looks happy, we know why.But when a 10-year married man looks happy, we wonder why.
26. The Chairperson proposed that the following day's country-specific meeting should retain its original agenda, without consideration of the report of the Special Court and without participation by the representative of Canada.
 Prince Sisowath (Cambodia), Vice-President, took the Chair.
Articles 16 and 17 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, reporting to the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR)
South Africa, from 30 September to 1 October 2011, as an associated event of and in conjunction with the 62nd IAC, which would be held in Cape Town from 3 to
11. Articles 3 and 17 of the Declaration provide that national legislative standards should be in compliance with the international human rights obligations of the State.
A: I'm a stranger here. I'm from the west coast. Tell me more.
In 2003, the United Nations regular budget met 39.5 per cent of management and administration costs and 13 per cent of programme support costs.
The two are similar, but present differences in letter case, use of connective; e.g. hypen or underscore, and the type and number of possible extra tags (subtags).
The Association expanded its support of social enterprises starting in 2007 with two full-day training workshops for business managers of social enterprises, focusing on practical best practices for effective management in order to enhance profitability and sustainability.
Its findings will be circulated for consultation and will thereafter be considered by the Government Offices.
Written in English on the blackboard were these words: Merry Christmas!Present at the meeting were the school headmaster, the English teacher, and the students parents.
Where UNCDF has a physical presence in a regional service centre or a country office, signs, building directories, and other public media should indicate that UNCDF is present as a distinct United Nations organization in the same way that other United Nations organizations are indicated.
Germany: draft resolution
If you speak to yourself without stop, people will think you crasy and stay far away with you. 6.
English Page Annex I
Too soon we arrived at Bang Pa - In, about 80 km from Bangkok.
Why this stasis?
Even if the authors' case to the ECHR is taken into account, this still leaves a delay of three years and five months after the ECHR's decision of 10 July 2002.
Thursday, 7 October 2010
(k) Working towards cities without slums, beyond current targets, by reducing slum populations and improving the lives of slum-dwellers, with adequate support of the international community, by prioritizing national urban planning strategies with the participation of all stakeholders, by promoting equal access for people living in slums to public services, including health, education, energy, water and sanitation and adequate shelter, and by promoting sustainable urban and rural development;
8. His delegation's comments on the first 45 draft articles had highlighted the problems of treating international organizations as if they were States for the purpose of holding them responsible for internationally wrongful acts.
Consult professional personage, is insurance detail to go up to be sure 3 years quite does place just give hit?
One might take the view, however, that in a situation of this type, no problem of permissibility arises; the wording chosen for guideline 3.6.2 leaves the question open.
IOC games
Oh, and Pixar, his side project, produced a string of hugely successful animated movies.
79. It was certainly true that it was the staff that gave an organization its own unique identity; the United Nations Secretariat provided the foundation for the Organization's activities as a whole.
:: Mobilizing finance from private, public and voluntary sources
"Go and say to Hezekiah, 'Thus says the Lord, the God of your father David, "I have heard your prayer, I have seen your tears; behold, I will add fifteen years to your life.
So it was in bombed German cities during World War II; so it was in Vietnam; and so it is turning out to be in Gaza.
And America they say is the land of the free.
It's hard to believe that it doesn't.
For carbon tetrachloride as a pesticide, notifications had been received from Canada, Switzerland and Thailand.
The Commission also requested the High Commissioner to transmit the report of the workshop to the Working Group, inviting it to express its views, and to submit the report, together with any comments arising from discussions in the Working Group, to the Commission at its forty—fourth session.
Promotion of the roles of civil society organizations and traditional leaders in democratic systems, in collaboration with the Transitional Darfur Regional Authority and local government representatives, through the conduct of 10 workshops in the three Darfur states for civil society organizations, including political parties, civic and women's groups, ethnic and religious organizations, internally displaced persons, trade unions, academia and members of local government
Interesting suggestions have been put forward by several countries.
Problems in the present operational practice
(e) Regional Conference on the Integration of Women into the Economic and Social Development of Latin America and the Caribbean;
Municipalities of Italy
So it is with outstanding business leaders who persuade their teams to laugh and try harder: they apply themselves assiduously to the task.
Children simply imitate the behavior observed during the program, thus undermining both the imaginative and the expressive functions of play.
You also have troble finding time to get your hair cut.
16. The principal instrument for the UNICEF contribution to the achievement of goals for children is the country programme, which is fundamental to UNICEF cooperation with developing countries and is the chief means by which that cooperation is translated into action for children.
The objectives of this programme are to analyse the comparability of national accounting and auditing standards with international standards; to determine the degree of compliance with applicable accounting and auditing standards to assess the strengths and weaknesses of the institutional framework in supporting high-quality financial reporting; and to assist a country in developing and implementing a country action plan for improving institutional capacity with a view to strengthening its corporate financial reporting regime.
40. This AGTE would comprise 15 members, be regionally and functionally representative, and include participation by representatives of major synergistic initiatives, and relevant conventions and organizations.
He claims that together with his wife Dragica Vojnović (born in 1946) and his son Milan Vojnović (born in 1968), he is a victim of violations by Croatia of article 2, paragraphs 1 and 3 (b); article 7; article 9; article 12; article 14, paragraph 1; article 17; article 18 and article 26, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Lushi County
63. Replying to the representative of Japan, he said he was convinced that non-governmental organizations could play a constructive role in enhancing the effectiveness of the treaty monitoring bodies and in other areas relating to human rights.
The investigation failed to prove that the author's son had been detained at Plaintain Point Army Camp or in any other place of detention, and the whereabouts of the author's son could not be ascertained.
You could read and practice until you are completely confused. Or, we could spend the rest of our life introspectively evaluating what makes us happy.
The Doha Development Round must be brought to a successful conclusion, as further delay in reaching agreement on a response to the global financial and economic crisis could lead to staggering losses, millions of people trapped in poverty and further erosion of development gains.
OTHER ISSUES
UNESCO will continue to support training courses on the applications of remote sensing and GIS to geological exploration and to the study of natural hazards of geological origin, to be held by the Aerospace Remote Sensing Development Group in Toulouse, France.
But when you are an overweight child.
The establishment of PRC as the internal oversight and appraisal committee (a measure recommended by the Board of Trustees) allows the Board to devote more time for other parts of its broad mandate (Commission resolution 1993/87), including advice on long-term programming of the OHCHR Technical Cooperation Programme.
MTR trackside panel advertisement
Provisional list of participants (E/CN.4/1999/WG.15/INF.1).
164. Following this debate, the Minister of Justice appointed three committees.
48. The Committee calls upon the Government of Trinidad and Tobago to report to the Committee on a regular basis, in compliance with its obligations under article 9 of the Convention.
And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and cut down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.
New phrases made by Shakespeare Barefaced: Fancy-free: Catch a cold: Green eyed monster: Hot blooded: Leapfrog: Longhaired: Clothes make the man: Naked truth: Be all and end all: The milk of human kindness: All that glitters isn s heart on ones sleeve: s Greek to me: Heart of gold: Eat out of house and home: Lacklustre: The course of true love never did run smooth: Housekeeping: Elbowroom:
4. In drafting article 12 of the Covenant, the Third Committee of the United Nations General Assembly did not adopt the definition of health contained in the preamble to the Constitution of WHO, which conceptualizes health as "a state of complete physical, mental and social wellbeing and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity".
The International Association for Water Law (AIDA) has the objective, as expressed in its statute of 30 May 1967, on the occasion of the Water for Peace Conference, to carry out studies and to foster publications for the exchange and diffusion of opinions and information tending to (a) advance the science of water law, and (b) develop national and international water legislation and administrations.
Based on § 41(3) of the Code of Criminal Procedure, the court can initiate the provision of legal aid to victims of crime on its own initiative.
12. At the Second Review Conference, the States Parties agreed to proceed with an evaluation of the ISU.
Most people outside China do not fully appreciate the extent to which its leaders, by contrast, have engaged in extensive deliberations and broad consultations (even with foreigners) as they strive to solve the enormous problems they face.
China is expanding its military power now. This a big threat to other Asian countries.
2. Information on the activities of international organizations relating to space law
The secretariat suggested that the third session of the Committee be convened in Bangkok in May or June of 2013.
The city is trying to prevent evictions by building new community centers where residents can get job training and help with the rent.
In addition, the introduction of the talent management system (Inspira) in the area of human resources management, as well as the procurement-related reforms, have contributed to improved transparency and accountability in all of these processes.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations,
Region
In addition, positive measures must be taken upon return to protect and ensure equality for "camp-followers" and women, including girls, who have been abducted during conflict.
You may be testing this code to see the results of this effort firsthand.
We are thankful to all countries, organizations and entities that have stepped forward with assurance, material and moral, in our time of great difficulty.
Now, it's very important that you do exactly what I'm about to tell you.
Part XI. Capital expenditures
The Board noted that UN-Habitat field offices in the Sudan do not have bank accounts and, therefore, UN-Habitat directed UNDP to deposit project funds into the personal bank accounts of team leaders of the field offices for various project activities.
France, Germany and Britain have circulated a draft Security Council sanctions resolution. But Russia and China favor less stringent sanctions.
A written acknowledgment that a specified article, sum of money, or shipment of merchandise has been received.Irrevocable Letter of Credit Method of payment most commonly used for imports
Mr. Zbigniew Szlek (Poland)
If the situation is so dramatic, why are the European Union and the International Monetary Fund celebrating the recent agreement?
But now it seems that all the hard work may have been in vain.
(c) Misappropriating financial resources which undermines the Transitional Federal Institutions' and their post-transition successors' ability to fulfil their obligations in delivering services within the framework of the Djibouti Agreement;
Operational costs account for 24.2 per cent of the budget, military personnel costs reflect 53 per cent, while staff assessment comprises 3.8 per cent of the total.
In other cases, however, the need for consultations with the Expanded Bureau, as required under the interim guidelines, might limit the Secretariat's ability to respond in a timely manner to requests for assistance.
I have diarrhea. I wonder if I ate something bad yesterday.
Some foods work against calcium when taken at the same time, and do not allow it to absorb well.
The Committee notes that these allegations relate primarily to the evaluation of facts and evidence by the State party's courts.
The list of current members is contained in the annex to that document.
54. The Special Committee received extensive testimony regarding treatment of detainees and conditions of prisons.
Marta Olesińska
If you give parents cold face, parents will feel how hard ah.
Further efforts are needed to improve the integration of qualitative socio-economic information into assessments.
Keep water in your drainage traps
Some of these applications create good measures of performance, allowing users to assess outcomes and track progress.
To deal with the challenges, Colombia requires cooperation and solidarity from the United Nations and the international community.
The marriage of a child has no legal effect, because the civil registry officer who solemnizes the married must always verify the age of the intended spouses (18 years for the boy and 17 years for the girl), which is a fundamental condition for marriage.
Conference on Trade and Development
(b) empower the court to impose a surcharge against defaulting maintenance payers;
But it fears Iran’s ability to cause trouble, particularly by stirring up unrest among Russia’s Muslim citizens.
In 2007, the High Commissioner welcomed the existing moratorium on the death penalty and encouraged the full abolition of capital punishment.
The Stockholm Convention differentiates between two categories of POPs:
The Reiffs, who attended their first Twins Days festival in the late 1970s, always dressed alike, talked alike and enjoyed dating other twins
Statistical information on disability will be collected on several bases, in particular the Principles and Recommendations for Population and Housing Censuses Revision 1 of UNSD and the WHO International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF).
Strengthening the capacity of local and national authorities to obtain and utilize sound scientific information to engage in integrated decision-making, with stakeholder participation, and to apply effective institutional and legal frameworks for sustainable coastal management;
Costs will have to be kept down if severe public censure is to be avoided.
IV. Modalities of related intergovernmental processes
It was set up against abuses and violence, and those responsible have today totally been restrained and have been removed from East Timor by the Indonesian central authorities.
R.P., rule 29 (Assembly) and rule 27 (Council); ("Official languages" and "working languages" of the Organization)
For bone-strengthening calcium you need plenty of sesame seeds, almonds, figs and dark green vegetables .
3. In section II, paragraph 16, of its resolution 66/233, the General Assembly had requested the Secretary-General to propose, at its sixty-seventh session, a comprehensive review of conference servicing highlighting any duplications and redundancies that might exist.
Developing countries needed to be supported in this regard.
Maybe one day I can attend an international competition of fashion design.
It always pursues a policy of no first use of nuclear weapons, and undertakes unconditionally not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon states or nuclear-weapon-free zones.
Chase has indicated to the Organization that it is in the process of identifying a unique prefix for all United Nations accounts.
4. Expresses its appreciation to the Governments of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America for the financial assistance they provided for the organization of the meetings and the participation of national coordinators;
When Assaulting - Catching your opponent with his pants down is one thing, capitalizing on it is another.
ATFLIR also provides real - time damage assessment from longer range, increasing survivability.
The serious suppression of myelopoiesis in radiation and combined injury showed more obvious stimulation of stromal cells.
I envied you that, to be honest.
If the tempo is faster, people walk faster too. They don't stop to look so much, and they don't buy as much.
On taking office, he had been faced with considerable expectations regarding an immediate, major recruitment drive.
The Independent Expert is persuaded that recognition of peace as a human right will promote a democratic and equitable international order and that national and international democratization will reduce conflict, since peoples want peace.
Yes. Look at this tree   Shifu.
Note the installation position of the FLAT-BASE tappets in the housing.
On 1 November, the Government signed an agreement with an independent international audit firm, which will investigate the circumstances surrounding the recent sale of the presidential plane.
To be sure, astronomers will need to run other tests.
It was noted that such interaction should be facilitated and moderated by an appropriately trained classroom instructor, to enable structured and systematic learning.
The United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund is primarily concerned with technical cooperation programmes and projects in crime prevention, criminal justice and criminal law reform.
Whiskey( or whisky ): Any of several distilled liquors made from a fermented mash of cereal grains.
And that was all he was, a dog asleep in the sun.
Yes. I have spent a lot of money buying and developing film.
[4] I guessed that if Long won, it would add some new support to the Nazis' "master race" (Aryansuperiority) theory.
224. Since the outbreak of the armed conflict between Israel and the Palestinians towards the end of the year 2000, which led, inter alia, to the commission of dozens of suicide bombings inside Israel, there has been a growing involvement in assistance provided to terrorist organizations on the part of Palestinians originally from the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
13. Also at the 2nd meeting, the Director of the United Nations Statistics Division made concluding remarks.
Objective of the Organization: To build sustainable trade-related capacities in the selected West African countries through the increased use of e-learning tools
Such egregious acts of aggression and provocation on the part of a permanent member of the Security Council are in flagrant violation of the sovereignty of an independent State and founding Member of the United Nations and in open breach of the Organization's Charter and the provisions of the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
Currently, women are very poorly represented in the Government (See Table 4 in Annex 3).
A: I prefer it earlier.
Please also provide information concerning any relevant monetary or financial thresholds.
Other differences are movements in assets and liabilities, which are components of the cash flow statement but are not part of the actual net surplus as per statement V.
Whenever women candidates are considered equally as qualified as their male counterparts, they are selected for the post.
3. Participation of national and ethnic minorities in the Hungarian political life 84 - 87 19
He treated his own son with monstrous cruelty.
It is all part of the new energies that are pressing to be manifested, that have been building up for a long time.
Lok Ma Chau (Year 2016)
He looked for a way out of the woods, but he could not find one.
There were no major incidents that threatened the prevailing stability in the country.
(Decision adopted on 24 July 2013, 108th session) 4
The Committee had studied the report of December 2005 of the inter-agency Task Force on Puerto Rico's Status designated by the President of the United States of America, which presented certain perspectives on the evolution and future options of Puerto Rico.
Quasar-stub
A fully developed CSDP – itself the cornerstone of further European integration – must be a fundamental component of such a system.
She's baking her famous plumcake?
Measures to promote the voice and participation of women, youth, minorities and other excluded groups should be included in State-building and service delivery strategies from the outset.
Communication No. 413/2010
We've never thought of him as a radical socialist politician, much less a leader of the revolution.
That meeting will be followed by a research workshop on 23 October 2008, organized jointly by the Government of Norway and the World Bank.
These interventions primarily work by unleashing the growth potential and thus establishing the necessary framework for productive sector development.
The current method of funding United Nations agencies on a monthly basis, with agencies holding between one and two months' cash needs, dates back to the earliest days of UNDP and has been functioning effectively.
(d) Appointment of a credentials committee;
If the persons who are held to be responsible for a production safety accident fail to make compensations and the losses of the victims still cannot be compensated in full amount after the people's court has taken enforcement measures, the persons who are responsible shall continue to undertake their obligations of compensations.
(e) Encourage further investment in sustainable statistical capacities.
United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
It would have accorded with her expectations if nothing had been said, but there in the squibs, tailing off several more substantial items, was a wee notice
1. Recommends that the General Assembly, at its sixty-first session, consider the implementation of a complete ban on smoking at all United Nations indoor premises, at Headquarters as well as at regional and country offices throughout the United Nations system, and the implementation of a complete ban on sales of tobacco products at all United Nations premises;
P-3-
14. Stresses the need to further strengthen interagency arrangements and the capacities of relevant United Nations agencies to meet the immense humanitarian challenge of internal displacement, and calls upon States to provide adequate resources for programmes to assist and protect internally displaced persons;
Widdowson ever criticized, "Structuralism focuses on language analysis and only reflects one aspect of communicative competence."
Weak social protection systems need consolidation.
Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ecuador, El Salvador, India, Madagascar, Malta, Mauritius, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea and the Russian Federation subsequently joined the sponsors.
Regulations of more specific content in the construction sector concern mainly the commercial presence of foreign companies.
Damaged back plate across the width.
Chairman: Mr. Semakula Kiwanuka (Vice-Chairman) (Uganda)
Their synchronized waddle could have caused the bridge to oscillate, leading even more of them tandem.
The number of women employed now accounts for 44 percent of the employed, higher than the world average of 34.5 percent.
In the Republic of Korea, the Government promoted the development of large conglomerates as a means of achieving large economies of scale in mature heavy industries.
I mark those new words and expressions in red on purpose.
The question now was which of those parameters should apply; to mention any one of them could be construed as attributing lesser importance to the others.
References for the sixtieth session (agenda item 112 (f))
2. High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict which have used or abandoned cluster munitions which may become cluster munition remnants shall, without delay after the cessation of active hostilities and as far as practicable, subject to these parties' legitimate security interests, make available such information to the party or parties in control of the affected area, bilaterally or through the United Nations or another mutually agreed third party or, upon request, to other relevant organizations which the party providing the information is satisfied are or will be undertaking risk education and the marking and clearance, removal or destruction of cluster munition remnants in the affected area.
(b) Creation of statutory criteria that must be fulfilled before offenders may be imprisoned;
Of the total budget of $760,050, UNIDO will implement $528,496 (including support costs) of project activities while UNDP will implement the balance.
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting (820 Second Avenue, 16th Floor)
A report on the current experience of the financial functioning of UNDCP was provided to, and discussed with, the financial authorities of the United Nations at Headquarters in February 1996.
V. SOME REFLECTIONS ON THE MANDATE IN RELATION TO SOMALIA
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/56/L.35
"Concerned that many developing countries continue to struggle for a durable solution to their serious debt problems, where continuing debt and debt-servicing obligations adversely affect their sustainable development,
In the absence of an arbitration agreement or other consensual means of dispute resolution, the parties may commence proceedings in the courts.
Put a mysterious smile on that image of yourself.
The Territory's Department of Education administers approximately 40 schools.
As the cost of maleic acid is much lower than that of maleic anhydride in China, it is technically and commercially feasible today using maleic acid as starting material for manufacturing maleated rosin instead of maleic anhydride.
Particularly concerned that illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing constitutes a serious threat to fish stocks and marine habitats and ecosystems, to the detriment of sustainable fisheries as well as the food security and the economies of many States, particularly developing States,
In the absence of a reply from the State party, the Committee had decided to give due weight to the authors' allegations, to the extent that they were substantiated, and to assume that the events had occurred as described by the authors.
Write down a plan to that will see you through the positive change from your uninspiring job to a career you really love.
A participant was of the view that the number of members of the Election Committee was not the most important issue. The focus should be on enhancing the representativeness and the legitimacy of the Election Committee.
Documents to be presented to negotiation bank within 15 days after shipment effected.
196. A Manual on Gender and Migration is currently being prepared, for civil servants of both sexes; and another on Sexuality and Reproductive Health among Women Migrants, with collaboration from the University of California, in the United States, aimed at community health promoters who provide services in the United States through CSOs serving the Latin community.
Article 52 (a) of the Act states: "The Council of Ministers, on the recommendation of the Minister, shall establish a commission composed of an equal number of representatives of the Ministries, wage-earners and employers and shall appoint one of its members to serve as Chairman.
88. As to the future prospects of FDI in Africa, the role of South Africa as a source of FDI for the region has been much discussed in the past three years.
(e) Scientific and methodological aspects of the proposal by Brazil
For example, the right to a fair trial implies, among other things, access to a predetermined and impartial court, whose decisions are based on law, following proceedings that observe procedural guarantees.
In accordance with the resolution, the mission is mandated to:
As a result there was a serious danger that some European media in the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya were knowingly disseminating false information on the situation in some third-world countries.
Notes: France registers European Telecommunications Satellite Organization (EUTELSAT) satellite.
Parker: You know, everybody shouts.
Such initiative complemented the ongoing work on the invitation of the Commission on Sustainable Development in its decision 7/1, paragraph 35 (a), to develop binding measures to ensure that ships of all flag States meet international rules and standards so as to give full and complete effect to UNCLOS, especially article 91 (Nationality of ships), as well as provisions of other relevant conventions.
Ms. Singer (Secretariat) confirmed that that was the case.
(f) Providing technical advisory services, upon request, to Member States, bodies and specialized agencies of the United Nations system and relevant national and international organizations;
His rule was ordained by heaven.
and "Review of enterprise risk management in the United Nations system: benchmarking framework",
The US is pushing for a new IMF formula to determine a country鈥檚 shareholding based 鈥減redominantly鈥?on gross domestic product.
  With an eye to the new, the people never stop challenging themselves to absorb the latest technologies from the outside world and evolve their own strategies and approaches.
Noting resolution 18 of the Plenipotentiary Conference of the International Telecommunication Union, held at Kyoto, Japan, in 1994, instructing the Director of the Radiocommunication Bureau of the International Telecommunication Union to conduct an in-depth review of the International Telecommunication Union coordination and planning framework for satellite networks,
Industrial Development Board
People who visit the United States sometimes wonder how the states got their names.
Students are not allowed to use any counter in exam.
7. Invites Member States to consider promptly becoming parties to the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel;
From the point of information management this paper introduces the information classification of the military maintaining material.
Strong action is required to address the effects of historical and ongoing discrimination against indigenous peoples and individuals based on their cultures and use of their languages.
However, it was observed within the Commission that the practice of States and depositaries did not seem unanimous in terms of recognition of the automatic nature of succession to treaties in the context of a separation or uniting of States.
Nepal gave an award to three women's NGOs for their special contribution to the protection of environment.
The amount of iron in the body depends on age, gender, nutrition, and general state of health.
Glycosylphosphatidylinositol
60. Globalization must not be rejected, but rather better understood and managed for the benefit of developing countries.
The same level of flexibility should be applied in dealing with the debt of all developing countries across the board.
Himalaya Singh
Documents prepared for the Ad Hoc Working Group on Further Commitments for Annex I Parties under the Kyoto Protocol at the ninth session
Against this background, the United Kingdom has sharpened its focus on:
(c) ensure that the measures do not result in undue harmful impact on the living marine resources;
Yet the Senior Review Group was no more competent or better qualified than the Unit to determine the most appropriate candidate.
An increased level of awareness-raising activities to inform the public about causes of climate change and sources of greenhouse gas emissions, as well as action that can be taken at all levels to address climate change;
Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS): Working Group
With the improvement of living standard, most people do not like the taste of a single, pale.
Fundamentally speaking, we Communists do not work in order to be commended.
Page
7.4 Taking into account the author's detailed description of the events of 3 June 2003, the medical reports he submitted and the Public Prosecution Service's recognition that those events occurred, the Committee considers that the use of force by the police was disproportionate and that the treatment to which the author was subjected constitutes a violation of article 7 of the Covenant.
When the police decide to commit a person to re—education through labour, they must send all the relevant material to the Approval Division, which has to examine and approve every case.
On behalf of the people and Government of El Salvador, we welcome Tuvalu as a new Member of the Organization.
51. The CMP also requested the secretariat to conduct a technical workshop with technical and legal experts, after the thirty-fourth session of the SBSTA but prior to its thirty-fifth session, to consider the submissions and the synthesis report and to discuss how the issues referred to in decision 7/CMP.6, paragraph 3, can be addressed in modalities and procedures.
Ends/Tuesday, July 22, 2008
Q: When is the best time to visit Hong Kong?
Algeria, Austria, Barbados, Belarus, Bolivia, Cape Verde, China, Costa Rica, Cuba, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, France, Germany, Greece, Guyana, Haiti, India, Indonesia, Iraq, Japan, Kazakhstan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Pakistan, Paraguay, Philippines, Portugal, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sudan, Thailand, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
A preliminary study had been made on a possible strategic benchmark exclusively for the Fund.
Class adjust image colors by using a color matrix.
She tormented me, acted as if she had no feelings for me whatsoever.
103. He stresses the need to undertake intensified surveillance and action to ensure observance of the normative agreements and rules of procedure of the United Nations, the African Commission on Human and People's Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, which explicitly prohibit acts of reprisal by State and non-State actors.
Li Ning main torch lit in this historic moment before a global scale, including Zhang Yimou, only a few people know about this "high secrets.
Raikkonen won the race but the Finn's first title was overshadowed by a stewards' enquiry into the three cars that finished ahead of Hamilton.
(b) Thematic discussion: "Current global and national trends and their impact on social development, including public health"
If must be hanging the team pennant please in registration when team pennant mail to organization committee.
3 a
Member of IDEF, Paris.
. The government has promised to take some measures to help the jobless.
The village of Lata came under attack and tens of peaceful citizens were killed and wounded.
The scenarios and modelling assessment and follow-up activities will provide an unprecedented opportunity to capitalize on the synergies between the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services.
The need to prevent or minimize the significant adverse effects of chemicals and hazardous wastes on human health and the environment will continue to provide a strong basis for sound chemicals and waste management beyond 2020 and could be accompanied by supplementary targets and indicators, within a defined time frame.
I had hoped that she would go to the U.S. and study there, but she saidshe liked to stay in China.
Economic
Like many ambitious men, he is weak to his own flaws.
Dominican Republic: Canadian traveller contracted Malaria
Ms. Sharapova plans to visit UNDP project sites in mid-2008.
For the period 2005-2008, a total of DKK 60 million has been earmarked for the action plan.
Subsequently, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cameroon, Chile, Costa Rica, Cuba, Finland, Guatemala, Indonesia, Italy, Kyrgyzstan, Malta, Myanmar, Norway, Pakistan, Portugal, Serbia, Slovenia, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Viet Nam joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Requests the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice to recommend modalities and procedures for the measures referred to in paragraph above, with a view to forwarding a draft decision on this matter to the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol for adoption at its [sixth] [seventh] session;
UNCTAD’S CONTRIBUTION TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE UNITED NATIONS
That in turn must lead to real changes in operations on the ground.
35.2 Amounts withheld in the form of staff assessment are revenue to the Organization, which, to the extent not otherwise disposed of by specific resolution of the General Assembly, is credited to the Tax Equalization Fund for the purposes envisaged in Assembly resolution 973 A (X) of 15 December 1955.
PETROCI.
I then decided to test the signal from my parking garage which is underground.
Butthat the Soviets said nothing and let our children suffer exposure to thiscloud for days is unforgivable.
21. Birth registration is a child right, the realization of which is essential to the fulfilment of other rights.
Many young people were so interested in the football game that they lost sight of time.
4. The Assembly shall meet at the seat of the Court or at the Headquarters of the United Nations [or in any other place as it may decide] once a year and, when circumstances so require, hold special sessions.
Learning lessons from implementation of the current strategic plan, UNDP is intent on ensuring a smoother, more managed transition to the new strategic plan, including more clear guidance to its programmes on managing trade-offs that emerge from the approaches and priorities laid out in the strategic plan.
It is probable that the amount of time spent on evaluation by substantive programme staff is higher than reported.
[Note: The list of speakers for all items allocated to the Second Committee is open.
Accordingly, Governments may wish to discuss: the extent, degree and specificity of substantive commitments in possible international agreements relating to the content or application of national laws; which specific divergences in competition policy approaches are deterring (or might deter) which types of procedural cooperation in which kinds of cases; how far substantive commitments might both succeed in promoting convergence in practice and better enable developing countries to tackle their enforcement problems; conversely, how far the absence or limited nature of such substantive commitments could adversely affect mutual trust and international cooperation (both where there are actually substantial divergences in approach and where there are not); and appropriate technical assistance to assist developing countries in meeting any substantive commitments or in engaging in procedural cooperation.
The Committee points out that the post of Chief of Staff is classified at the D-1 level in several other missions, including the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI), the United Nations Mission in Liberia, the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo and the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara.
Bill 4891 reaffirms the possibility of a civil servant working on a part-time basis, and establishes the specific terms and conditions applicable to such employment.
I wonder if they really expect people to these presentations.
They are focusing on strengthening ecotourism, community-based rural tourism and micro and small businesses in the tourism supply chain in particular the financing, marketing and quality aspects.
Hangzhou, tall ancient trees stand here towering, beautiful scenery, the east, west, north gulf-shaped plain, only south and connect with, shape is like dustpan.
This thesis adopts regular researching its domination method.
It hoped that the Gender Equality Law would soon be enacted and encouraged more rigorous enforcement of existing laws.
(Signed) Mazen Adi Chargé d'affaires a.i.
Finland strongly supports the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN Women) and would like to congratulate President Michelle Bachelet on her appointment.
disappear, be absent from, vanish, die
2. The travaux préparatoires should indicate that the inclusion of a specific number of persons would not prejudice the rights of States Parties pursuant to article 34, paragraph 3.
International Council of Chemical Associations (1998-2001)
The Government replied to one of the urgent appeals.
It should be tasked with communicating both internally and externally the United Nations environmental goals and achievements.
28. Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo [D.133].
As at 14 August 2006, a total of 25 Member States1 and nine United Nations entities2 had responded to a questionnaire on the observance of the International Day.
The compound floor of some families laid appeared to be out of shape with break, it is sizy quality problem greatly.
The State still rarely prosecutes perpetrators of such crimes.
In June it raised prices for petroleum-based fuels like gasoline by 18% to deal with long lines and rationing.
Building on experience with the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, initial engagement has already begun with the African Union and League of Arab States to secure a political commitment for mainstreaming child protection policies in these regional bodies.
61. Linked to the compliance system is the introduction of the new tracking plan that will enable country offices to monitor the progress of implementing evaluation recommendations and help record and analyse lessons learned.
Minimum age for marriage
As a member of the Security Council in 2011-2012, Portugal has argued and will continue to argue for greater attention to the challenges threatening stability in West Africa, both in the countries on the Security Council's agenda and in the region as a whole.
Article 8: Roster of Judges
The three principles have formed Japan's basic policy concerning its arms exports since they were declared at the Diet session in 1967.
Average annual production has dropped from an average of 72 tons in 1983-1989 to 38 tons in 1990-1994 (Arantes, 1995).
Should America spend billions upon billions of dollars to send human beingssintosspace on perilous missions?
In our pioneering days this aggressiveness was essential to survival. Now it can be a menace to society.
Protection against trafficking in cultural property
With all my sincerity, I would like to offer my thanks on this special day.
Or their bodies do not react correctly to the insulin being produced.
190. Lack of elaboration on the synergy with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme was observed.
He has taught on the side at Tsinghua University for six months.
As a result, the total number of pregnancies, and thus the pregnancy rate, will be underestimated.
China supports and actively participates in the environmental activities launched by the UN organizations.
Group E -- Western European and other States
He then inquired how they had fared in their trip.
(viii) Law on principles of the prison administration adopted, promulgated and disseminated
Anyone who are interested in finding out more details about this promotion can call the Speedpost hotline at 2921 2288, fax to 2541 4868 or visit the Hongkong Post web site at
6. The new Cabinet met for the first time on 9 September, and has tentatively identified the following priorities for the Government: restoration of peace and democracy; completion of security sector reform; combating corruption; improving living conditions for the people of Burundi; addressing security issues, including reducing crime rates; and the promotion of regional cooperation.
Homes had been destroyed, while access to life-saving food, medicine and shelter had been denied.
5. Resource requirements
62. A major focus of the Committee's cybersecurity efforts concerned, inter alia, the expansion and strengthening of public-private partnerships, and it had issued a number of reports and had conducted at least four workshops on mitigating vulnerable systems from cyberrisks.
At a minimum, it is our obligation to show how, in the context of a particular trial and its development of the facts, the matter violated a rule of the Covenant.
The Commission also agreed that the Committee should hold its next meeting early in 2006 to review results of the place-to-place surveys at headquarters duty stations and submit a recommendation to it at its 2006 spring session.
26. The Committee urges the State party to take the necessary measures to ensure that women in detention are systematically separated from men and supervised by gender-sensitive prison staff.
Reporters were often invited to levees .
Paragraph (2) -- Application of the rules on transparency by the disputing parties
Another speaker said that his country believed it imperative for the Department to disseminate information on the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
He stood their congratulations for less than a minute
The social response was reflected in the institutional response.
The Secretary-General recommends that the matter be considered independently from the renovation of the United Nations Headquarters buildings, given the urgency of that renovation.
Matters related to the implementation of the Convention: scientific and technical matters: technical guidelines
The Committee on Fiscal Affairs. which consists of senior tax officials from the member countries, has responsibility for the Model Convention as well as other aspects of international tax cooperation.
Work has focused on assisting treaty bodies and special procedures of the Commission as well as providing both administrative and substantive assistance to the Openended Working Group on an optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Pilsting
There is no provision in The Constitution which gives precedence to the guarantee of equality in the case of conflict with customary law.
After the 8 November 2000 murder verdict, Mr. Lavrov's property was confiscated.
20. The post of Director of the Regional Centre, and one Professional (P-3) and one General Service (G-7) staff are funded from the regular budget.
Residual gas is one part of coalbed gas and has an impact on gas saturation in coal.
:: Technical assistance to the Haitian authorities on the legislative reform of laws that require immediate amendment, abrogation and/or promulgation regarding the independence of the judiciary (for example, the Superior Council of Magistrates, the Statute of Magistrates and the School of Magistrates) and adoption of urgent reforms concerning the Penal Code and the Criminal Procedure Code, including advocacy for their urgent amendment and promulgation and on the ratification of international conventions relating to the fight against drugs, organized crime and corruption
The Panel determines that the evidence provided by the claimant is insufficient to establish the existence or the claimant's ownership of the Valuation Items.
Manufacturing/industry
A total of 212 consultants were employed during the first seven months of 2006, compared to 265 during 2005.
Governments of developing countries should take the lead in promoting the competitiveness of their private sector operators, but at the same time greater access to the markets of developed countries should be facilitated for their suppliers of construction services.
Beaulieu-sur-Layon
But American exporters fear retaliation against their goods, both in places like , at whom the steel provisions are aimed, and in rich countries, which are already slipping domestic-purchasing requirements into their own stimulus packages (see )
Situation of human rights in Myanmar
It is proposed that this will set the framework for the production of vacancy statistics across the European Union.
In Britain’s unwritten constitution, there is only one limitation on the power of a prime minister with a parliamentary majority – the right of voters to change their minds.
These were the heads of the fathers' households of Ladan
In order to ensure that the countries are able to effectively implement the new laws, UNDCP will work more widely with other donors and service providers.
3. The Board adopted the provisional agenda contained in document TD/B (S-XXIV)/1 (see annex I).
She is waiting for you in the waiting room of the airport.
 Since its inception the IBA dealt with the question of interim broadcast licences.
Government-provided personnel
Documents were prepared, mainly in the first half of the reporting period, while the second half of 2008/09 was characterized by fewer contacts by Kosovo authorities with UNMIK as well as fewer requests to UNMIK.
The World Bank is working with the Government to reform the public procurement system and is assisting the Liberia Petroleum Refinery Corporation to put into place a system of international competitive bidding of petroleum products.
I read everything I can find that applies to my profession, sub-scribe to its trade journals, and keep myself current on new developments.lQ How did you do in schoolA1: Dean's list throughout, with a grade point average.A2: Above average mostly Bs and some Cs(70 points)
Our challenge is to demonstrate that it is also rational -- and that the cost of inaction far outweighs the cost of action.
As a consequence, the Batwa have been forced to change their traditional ways of life.
It should, however, be noted that over the specified period no complaints have been received by the Commissioner on Human Rights in the Russian Federation from the designated category of complainants concerning their discrimination on gender grounds.
Hormone levels. Hormone imbalances, such as testosterone deficiency or too much of the hormone prolactin, can cause erectile dysfunction.
J. Communications procedure
A massive immunization campaign aims to fight the recent resurgence of polio in one of the poorest countries in Africa.
It revealed that brainstem was injured in patients with cerebral concussion. Conclusion BAEP might be helpful in diagnosis of concussion.
The program draws on a database of young female faces to derive an average neutral expression.
6 x FFG (Adelaide class)
Certain well-known leaders were going the rounds, that is to say,running from one house to another, to collect their men.
Guidelines for the operation of the account were provided, as follows:
It is important that organizations define risk-level categories and develop criteria to evaluate the significance of risks, including the boundaries for tolerance/acceptance, in order to facilitate decisions for treatment.
(d) The United Nations office in Tashkent joined the National Creative Union of Journalists of Uzbekistan, the World Bank and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) in co-organizing the international contest for excellence in journalism Oltin qalam (Golden Pen) for the best coverage of United Nations priority issues;
But nobody seems to care, and the S&amp; P has been rising.
Thematic reports
205. At the 49th meeting, statements in explanation of vote after the vote were made by the representatives of Saudi Arabia and the Syrian Arab Republic.
"I've never flown before, " said the nervous old lady to the pilot. "You will bring me down safely, won't you? "
The development of the proposals and the assessment of priorities were guided by the aim of achieving efficiencies and promoting the delivering as one concept at the country level.
He must have been a pretty sweet talker though, because he did manage to get his bishopric back after just a few years.
Statement by the President of the Security Council
(f) Carrying or possessing weapons, ammunition, explosives or accessories after the respective permit or licence has expired;
 Similarly, food aid to the health sector acts as an incentive for outpatients to attend centres for continuous treatment against tuberculosis and as a budgetary saving by providing rations through hospital meals to in-patients.
Furthermore, the view was expressed that recruitment into the armed forces would logically have to be at a lower age than the floor provided in article 1 for participation in hostilities.
6. Provision of $69,000 is made for the estimated 15 rotation trips a month (180 trips per year) of the military observers at a cost of $4,600 both ways.
Performance monitoring
Fukagawa Station
The BOM is aware that certain sections of the GAM need to be updated and incorporated into the MOM at which time the GAM will be officially discontinued.
TriStar Pictures
Its present chairman is Xu Jialu.Currently, the CAPD has branches in 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government, with a membership of over 103,000.
The expert review team shall review the information on assigned amounts as a centralized desk exercise.
rule of law
I'm sure you can handle it. Sit in on sth(the calss).
A monthly programme of currency hedging is performed to hedge against the foreign currency risk of the recording of foreign currency receivables, and the exchange rates at which the cash receipt is subsequently recorded.
Australia attaches great importance to the implementation of the 2010 NPT Review Conference action plan, and again recalls the three actions that relate to the work of the Conference: action 6 on nuclear disarmament; action 7 on nuclear security assurances; and action 15 on a treaty banning the production of fissile material for use in nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices.
In support of the curriculum, the Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport of Spain has developed educational materials that include the issue of slavery.
Such inadequacy is therefore a major constraint to competitiveness and the profitability of agriculture and rural development.
When we notice bad habits in others, we should reflect upon ourselves.
Fressin
2. Reaffirms that measures on meeting organizational mandates, accountability targets and indicators of achievement, including with respect to geographical distribution of staff and gender balance, contained in human resources action plans and recruitment procedures, including selection decisions, shall fully correspond to the provisions contained in Article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter as well as in relevant General Assembly mandates;
Any changes in the seasonal productivity of those organisms have a very negative effect on the whole Antarctic marine ecosystem.
The General Assembly considered the question of international intergovernmental consideration of financing for development at its forty-sixth to forty-eighth, fiftieth and fifty-second to fifty-sixth sessions (resolutions 46/205, 48/187, 50/93, 52/179, 53/173, 54/196, 55/213, 55/245 and 56/210 A and B and decisions 47/436, 55/446, 56/445 and 56/446).
If this is true, one wonders what the macro upshot will be.
Bolivia, Brazil, Honduras, Paraguay, Ukraine.
45. In order to improve its capacity for managing movements of toxic and dangerous products and wastes, Brazil has built infrastructures, taken various steps and is participating in regional projects.
Today, a lady stopped me in the streets of Buffalo to take my photo for the local paper – fame at last!
(2) The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party's second periodic report, as well as the replies to the list of issues and the additional oral information provided by the delegation, which gave the Committee a better understanding of the implementation of the Convention in the State party.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
Each line ministry has established respective focal points and gender working groups to coordinate gender-responsive planning and budgeting in their ministries.
 27. Mr. SAMADI (Islamic Republic of Iran), referring to his earlier statement, said that, pending a decision by the General Assembly, there should be no modification concerning the Subcommittee.
On this subject, the Chair noted that:
44. Mr. Hof (Netherlands), speaking on behalf of the European Union, said that it voted against any motion for adjournment as a matter of principle, considering the practice to be incompatible with promoting dialogue.
21. Also requests the Secretary-General to continue to submit to the Council reports from the High Representative, in accordance with Annex 10 of the Peace Agreement and the conclusions of the Peace Implementation Conference held in London on 4 and 5 December 1996 (S/1996/1012), and later Peace Implementation Conferences, on the implementation of the Peace Agreement and in particular on compliance by the parties with their commitments under that Agreement;
The Tribunal’s achievements also include the conclusion of two agreements on enforcement of sentence between the United Nations and the Republic of Mali and the Republic of Benin; progress in negotiations with a number of other countries; rendering the first four judgements by an international court for the crime of genocide, thus providing important precedents for other jurisdictions; calling high-ranking officials to judicial account for their actions for the first time in 50 years; breaking legal ground by defining rape in international law and ruling that rape could be a form of genocide; pioneering advocacy for the development of restitutive justice for victims of international crimes thus contributing to the provision in the statute of the International Criminal Court for a trust fund for victims of crimes within the Court’s jurisdiction; and initiating and developing solutions to issues of movement and protection of witnesses in a region with no prior history of witness protection.
The Golden Globe and Emmy winning actress, got 23 % of the votes in the 2006 year-end poll among a sample of 15,013 respondents.
China Unicom, the smaller of the mainland鈥檚 two cellular phone networks, added 2.5 per cent to HK$14.45 and bigger rival China Mobile rose 0.7 per cent to HK$107.50.
(Some of them locate a car's position by correlating the rotations in the steering wheel to its position on a map
Be tailored to address the specific occupational health risks faced by workers in their respective work sectors.
Authors initially analysed the hydration hardening characteristics and relation between structure and propenies.
In line with recommendations made by the Regional Council, the Forum of Ministers made sustainable consumption and production a priority under the Latin American and Caribbean Initiative for Sustainable Development and its regional action plan.
Question of Palestine
Of the 246 million people around the world with diabetes, 122 million of them are women.
The pattern design of stand collar and tailor collar structure construct is discussed.
No final regulatory action relating to pesticide uses have been notified.
FCCC/SBI/2005/INF.9
Initial freight charges (15 per cent of item cost)
We will also ask the President to assume a crucial role in the second step of the group of four reform proposal by determining the most appropriate timing and sequence for the selection of candidates for new permanent seats.
The Secretariat was requested to circulate the draft reference document for comments by States and interested international organizations and to prepare a compilation of those comments for consideration by the Commission at its forty-second session.
Priorities in Promoting Health
I want to know just where you and I stand.
The distribution regularities of the large-and medium-scale structures in Kongli, especially in deeper part, are comprehensively analyzed.
Government Laboratory Annual Report 2006
 I also wish to thank the Chairmen of the Legal Subcommittee and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee and to express my appreciation for the work done by the secretariat, whose diligent efforts have ensured good conditions for our undertakings.
This body could not move forward on it.
1. States that wish to raise questions and/or issues with the State under review may do so via the troika, which shall relay them to the Secretariat.
13. Welcomes measures undertaken by the Government of Georgia, the United Nations Development Programme, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the Office for the Coordinator of Humanitarian Affairs and the World Bank to improve the situation of refugees and internally displaced persons to develop their skills and to increase their self-reliance with full respect for their inalienable right to return to their homes in secure and dignified conditions;
Republican Children's Clinical Hospital, Bashkortostan Republic (Russian Federation); status of Honorary Doctor, 25 June 1999
Indeed, it is likely that several prominent world leaders, including British Prime Minster Gordon Brown, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, will not attend the opening ceremonies.
LA? And Merseyside? What are you two doing up here?
The official language is French and about 28 Melanesian-Polynesian dialects are spoken.
The host country representatives as well as the delegation arrived at the conclusion that the Westin Convention Center would be the most suitable venue, as it has the best infrastructure and conditions for holding the General Conference.
So they repaired to hammocks strung up under the moonlight -- and began a love story that has lasted 14
28. Putting an end to impunity and ensuring accountability were of the utmost importance.
Interest on loans and other revenues
That takes a little bit of nerve, and, darn it, once in a while you fail.
The question of its funding will be discussed further.
It also continued to provide costing estimates, specifications and overall print expertise to help clients in the preparation of budgetary proposals.
Substantive session of 2004
He was released on 7 February.
Compared with the old generation, young people are inclined to be independent at an earlier age
One way tells Roger he can never do anything right.
Draft article 18 therefore requires the State withholding information to "cooperate in good faith with the other States with a view to providing as much information as possible under the circumstances".
For the biennium 2008-2009 the Court had requested a number of posts, not all of which were approved.
Techniques involved include chromatography and electrophoresis, and the sequencing of nucleic acids and proteins.
There had been on that same day a council of war, at which all the members of the Hofkriegsrath and the two Emperors had been present.
Then I decided to add "Silas Marner" by George Eliot because it was very short, and had a picture of a little girl on the front.
2002/10 Programming arrangements
:: Development of local institutional capacity
5.1.2 9 per cent reduction in the number of major vehicle accidents with a repair cost of $500 or more (2008/09: 47; 2009/10: 44; 2010/11: 40)
The mission was pre-empted and its conclusions have been biased by the military decisions taken in Harare by the Ministers of Defence present on 18 August 1998.
22. In a similar vein, the Secretary-General's Advisory Board on Water and Sanitation, at a briefing in January 2013 calling for a post-2015 global goal on water, stated that for citizens and countries to enjoy the health benefits, economic growth and human dignity that comes with safe sanitation and clean water, a holistic approach that incorporating wastewater collection, treatment and reuse is necessary (available from www.unsgab.org/content/documents/UNSGABpost2015brief.pdf).
This can lead to the formation of oil lakes, as seen in the Kuwaiti desert in 1991.
According to the annual survey, all but one of 12 categories recorded an upward price trend ranging from 2.5% to 34.9% in aggregate average.
Dato’ Abu Bakar Daud, Deputy Minister of Science, Technology and the Environment (Malaysia)
8,640 air utility support hours to provide medium lift capacity, casualty and medical evacuation functions and day/night observation capacity (18 helicopters for 40 hours/helicopter/month for 12 months)
Welcoming also the provisions of the Vientiane Declaration on interfaith dialogue, adopted on 6 November 2012 by the Asia-Europe Meeting, and recognizing the importance it places on interfaith dialogue and its valuable contribution to promoting social cohesion, peace and development,
Jan P. Syse
Continue and strengthen skills, technical capacities and entrepreneurship trainings for preparing an eventual reintegration into the Philippines;
Other measures
Draft article 60, however, was concerned with the holder of the transport document, that is, the controlling party under draft article 53, paragraphs 2 to 4.
 (c) Latin America and the Caribbean: Bolivia, Jamaica, Mexico and Trinidad and Tobago;
In view of the deteriorating humanitarian situation in Eritrea and Ethiopia, the Security Council members urged the international community to respond generously to the United Nations country teams' appeal for humanitarian assistance.
An account of the discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (E/2013/SR.26, 40-42, 44 and 45).
Substantive session of 2011
UNIFEM: CSJ worked with UNIFEM in Africa, Brazil, India, and the United States supporting and furthering the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action (1995) at the grassroots level by hosting women's groups on strategies for improving the lives of women and children in preparation for Beijing+5 (2000).
Uterine sex infertility is one of the common reasons women of infertility, accounting for about a third of female infertility.
(a) Took note of the report of the Open-ended Working Group to consider the objectives and agenda, including the possible establishment of the preparatory committee, for the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament and of requests made for Member States to continue consultations in this regard;
132. Over the course of the current mandate, these militias have expanded their membership and extended their operations to new areas.
[147] Captain Saddam and his men left the wider area on 1 May in the course of the formation of the regiment.
Optical flow
It is polite to offer to help out with the dishes or cleaning the table. Out of same politeness, the host will usually decline the offer.
Existing policy
"Yes, but the opera itself?
The parties should also consider establishing a mechanism that would enable the Secretariat to continue functioning should the problem persist into the following biennium.
(In United States dollars)
Participants receiving funding support from the United Nations and the cosponsors gave short presentations on their work related to the symposium.
Iceland supported efforts by States to make progress towards a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East, in conformity with the resolution of the 1995 Review Conference.
Countries with at
Vice President of International Society for Social Defence, Paris.
It is time for a change; it is time to move forward.
But they are not content when the signal contains the white noise.
4. The brutal actions by the Eritrean regime are not limited to Ethiopian civilians in Ethiopia.
In that context, it might be recommended that States follow the broad language of the opening words of article I, paragraph 1, of the Convention, which were also expressed in the UNCITRAL Model Law on Arbitration and allowed for recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards irrespective of where they were made.
While it is worse, see come too the platinum star day will lead the moon from the side.
29. During the first year of its existence, the Chamber spent a great deal of time developing its rules of procedure.
4.2 The State party considers groundless the author's claim that the expert examinations conducted after the judgment confirmed her son's innocence and constitute newly discovered facts, and submits that these facts had been examined during the pretrial investigation and court proceedings.
Möhne
China and Russia will continue to refine the working paper so as to lay a solid foundation for the negotiations on the international legal instrument within an ad hoc committee on the prevention of an arms race in outer space to be established by the CD.
If taxes on capital are not adjusted, holders of domestic stocks suffer a comparable loss.
On the dry seabird islands off the South American and South African coasts immense deposits of bird droppings rich in nitrogen and phosphorus had accumulated over centuries.
2.1 On 5 January 2002, Mr. Azimbek Beknazarov, who was a Member of Parliament (the Zhogorku Kenesh) from the opposition party, was detained by police in the Jalalabad region of Kyrgyzstan, accused of failing to investigate a murder in 1995 when he worked as an investigator in the prosecutor's office of the region.
It further notes with appreciation the highlevel delegation sent by the State party and welcomes the dialogue and the positive reactions to the suggestions and recommendations made during the discussion.
Although a process still to be completed, this has involved learning from the good practices of other countries, promoting capacity-building for civil servants and civil society organizations (CSOs), and creating dialogue amongst interested stakeholders on the reforms that need to take place.
A traffic light system is applied as follows.
Sister's face lit up like a Christmas tree. " Yippee!'she cried.
In the circumstances, the Committee finds that the claim is inadmissible under article 2 of the Optional Protocol for lack of substantiation.
I do not like the weather like this. Cold and rainy. Hope it become sunny as soon as possible.
Their housekeeper told me that the master was on vacation, and wouldn't be for half a month.
 As desertification had a direct impact on many populations for which it was a daily problem, it was important that the implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification should be properly funded through a global financing mechanism.
This constraint takes the form of threats made by the parents, or even psychological or physical violence.
INR
III
They denounce all attempts at guiding choice.Within the profession of linguists there are, of course, fighting factions, but, on this conception of language as a natural growth with which it is criminal to interfere, they are at one.
19. The onset of the rainy season has affected the mobility of EUFOR and its military effectiveness, particularly in southern Chad and the Central African Republic.
The Adviser will provide important support to UNEP's efforts to engage and link up with international sport federations and associations.
 The United Nations Secretariat estimates that 62 countries are infested with nearly 100 million land mines.
13. The existence of additional protocols, which helped to detect potentially undeclared activities, should be one of the criteria used for decisions on nuclear exports.
"The Security Council recalls the statement by its President of 3 August 2011 and its statement to the press of 1 March 2012.
You try to avoid succumbing to a superstition, but then at the last minute you decide to follow through, just for good measure.
During his first interrogation session, he was reportedly offered a lawyer, but was forced to refuse him.
In order to further enhance its capacity to fulfil its mandate, the Institute will build on the following pillars: (a) a pragmatic approach; (b) promotion of an effective dialogue; (c) networking; and (d) regional cooperation.
Darfur coordination meetings were held fortnightly with the United Nations country team, NGOs, international organizations and donors.
Contributions of science and technology to achieving the global objectives on forests
I'm 32. What about your wife? Li:
CRC/C/3/Add.10
We have followed with deep concern the developments in the Middle East and the threat that Saddam Hussein's regime poses to security, peace and global solidarity against State-backed terrorism.
To that end, the imbalance in institutional relations between these bodies must be repaired, as we discussed in detail on 11 December during the joint debate on agenda items 9 and 111, on the report of the Security Council and on the question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters, respectively (see A/61/PV.72).
Global Mechanism
The latest General Assembly resolution, 61/57, recommends that the Conference on Disarmament actively continue intensive negotiations with a view to reaching early agreement and concluding effective international agreements to assure the non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons, taking into account the widespread support for the conclusion of an international convention.
II. General background
Austria-Hungary
What does God reveal in nature?
(g) Acquisition of scientific knowledge and monitoring of the development of marine technology relevant to activities in the Area, in particular technology relating to the protection and preservation of the marine environment, and assessment of the available data relating to prospecting and exploration.
See note 6.
-They liked it. -I don't care what they liked.
And this bone extract also matched the chemical signature of tetracycline -- evidence that the antibiotic was built into the kid's bones as he grew.
 Human rights violations were a major factor in causing the flight of refugees, as well as an obstacle to their safe and voluntary return home.
but rose wall ' s backhand was no cut , no chop , no drifting hack like the kind we see at parks and clubs all over the world.
Screening of films Also in observance of the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People has arranged the screening of two video-films entitled "Gaza Under Siege" and "Mahmoud Darwish: As the Land is the Language".
Asia and the Pacific
This gives the issue of chemical substances in products a global dimension, and appropriate global efforts should be considered.
Total export losses for both agricultural and non-perishable items were estimated at more than $23 million for the first three months of 2006.
Asset confiscation
In addition to its current fields of activities in Asia and the Middle East, NICCO has expanded its activities to Malawi, Africa, since 2006, for the project of food security and sanitation.
Look at the successful men in any of the learned professions. How busy they are!
However these advantages are becoming more and more no obvious in recent years. Some rising cities have the trend to beyond.
Powers and duties
Most of these publications circulate discreetly, if not clandestinely.
At 31 December 2013, cash and investments held by UNFPA totalled $766.5 million($928.4 million in 2012), made up of cash and cash equivalents of $122.1 million, inclusive of investments with a duration of less than 90 days, and other investments of $644.4 million.
All stakeholders should be involved equally in their development.
The move basically locked you in a standstill, putting you at an even more disadvantageous position.
All prisoners were examined by a doctor upon their arrival in prison.
She wanted him to act as an intermediary in the dispute with Moscow.
5 June 2001
8. The measure of project success in the DER was limited to assessing the effects of projects on target groups, the environment and gender, the sustainability of projects and their contribution to institution-building.
They help transport people when they are ready to return home.
The Meeting also decided that the database containing the names, nationalities and other relevant data of the experts included in the pool of experts shall be made available through a webpage with limited access for the High Contracting Parties only, as part of the official CCW website.
Words that are normally written as one word but that have been written as two words count as only one word.
To this end, the need to strengthen agricultural products in the international market place was reported by a number of countries, including Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guyana, Honduras, Nicaragua and Paraguay.
That statement of the Secretary-General reflects the view of the Security Council."
US national campaigns cost several billion dollars every two years, and fundraising is relentless.
"Running away" is not a crime under Afghan law.
One expert argued that, for years, the United States has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuel-efficient
Automatic Computing Engine
2. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
Private-sector fund-raising
Table 3. COP-approved budgets, programme support costs, comparison UNCCD / GM as of 31 December 2005 COP-2 COP-3
It must encompass all humans and all living creatures, because everything alive, in itself, has a value."
The principles adopted by the Multi-Party Forum constitute an assurance that South Africa's future constitution will secure a government of the highest level of international democratic standards.
The Committee suggests that the State party develop a comprehensive training programme, especially focusing on child abuse, for professional groups working for and/or with children, including judges, lawyers, law enforcement and army personnel, health professionals, teachers, social workers, and personnel working in child-care institutions.
70. The United Kingdom was concerned at the alarming reports of police abuse and urged Papua New Guinea to end impunity for such abuses.
 But the cycle of global conferences and recent debates in the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and other relevant forums have highlighted great areas of concern which must be addressed because of their impact upon whole populations.
Life here is about community and family and goodwill to other people.
A. Industry
Resumed fourth session
16. Decides to formally establish a Mediation Division located at Headquarters within the Office of the United Nations Ombudsman to provide formal mediation services for the United Nations Secretariat, funds and programmes;
Last July, Japan became a member of the Group of Friends of the Alliance of Civilizations.
In the first year ( 1912 AD ) left County Government Waste, in the final Yanbei Road.
75. This year, the UN Chronicle has increasingly provided in-depth coverage of specific subjects, offering its pages as a forum for discussion, dissent and debate.
Criminal accountability of United Nations officials and experts on mission
Yet such a world is profoundly and unnecessarily dangerous.
So they set about building a network of roads and encouraging loggers and cattle companies to move in.
The so-called Jim Crow laws in the United States enforced segregation and sought to curtail the rights of African Americans on the basis of the "separate-but-equal" Supreme Court decision.
Do I leave them here, or bag them up and throw them in the trash?
Don't forget that we have two super stars in injure, whose names are Michael Ballack and Andriy Shevchenko.
Posters (included a map insert into one edition of the magazine Focus Kosovo)
It should be noted that two illegal shipments of arms had been seized in the port of Douala during the period under review.
Stocktaking and analysis of actions undertaken by un specialized agences, international financial institutions and other relevant international organizations
In attempting to restructure and reform their economies, developing countries had been hampered by the size of their markets and the imperfect flow of information that prevented their markets from operating as expected.
No, I just came to chat.
Those developing anti-racism campaigns should aim to achieve change through the positive promotion of the dignity and benefits of diversity and work in partnership with organizations that are influential in the community.
He was an oracle everywhere.
A total of 197 further cases were from four Secretariat entities, the Department of Management, the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management, the Department of Safety and Security and the Department of Public Information (ibid., para. 57).
186. In the field of environment and development, ESCAP will pursue the regional implementation of Agenda 21, the decisions of the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly held in June 1997 and will provide support to the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Lawspirit, its affiliates, subsidiaries and the Licensors expressly disclaim all warranties not stated in this EULA.
It is in the face of this bleak picture that we come together for the fifty-first session of the General Assembly, compelling us to pause in deep introspection and firm resolve to handle this time bomb.
Would you like to come to my home and watch VCD this evening?
On the basis of discussing the technical and economic performance of the sprinkler irrugation system and pipe irrigation system in details, the index of the technical and economic performance of the two systems is analyzed and compared comprehensively. Then this paper proposes that movable and quick-coupled sprinkler irrigation is the main water-saving irrigation method for field plants in well irrigation areas.
Section 29D. Office of Central Support Services
France
Then he showed me a very nice photo of himself. He was laughing.
Tourism in France
A:  But I have my doubts, and I don want to accept a position that I don think I will be happy in.
A total of 228 projects have been visited since 2000, which completes the first cycle of visits of projects financed between 2000 and 2006.
Grenada
Responsibility
30. The resident coordinator system faces particular challenges in crisis countries since United Nations system development programmes may coexist with relief and rehabilitation assistance and with political negotiations.
Ada, Minnesota
The method can be applied easily and it is also valuable for reference in other applications.
1.52 In the context of the reform of the Organization, the management and support functions would continue to guide improvements in the effectiveness and quality of services provided in the areas of conference services, human resources, finance and information technology management.
Their work will be geared towards promoting healthy lifestyles, educating the community about prevalent psychosocial problems, supporting educational institutions and community organizations and educating the health team about early detection (of disorders, symptoms and risk factors).
Caritas Cheung Chau Sai Wan Community Development Project
More stringent management of requirements
I'm sorry,Commander,a guard said.We can't open the gate.Nobody can go in without a letter from Earth Commander.
The Republic of Korea voted in favour of a draft resolution entitled "Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty", which was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 63/87
Don't just pack a sweater; set aside a complete change of clothes for everyone in your family.
This water and honey mixture was left out in the sun for some time and had a wine-like taste.
Work on the establishment and use of municipal reserves of management personnel continues.
In particular, the committees will have to define, for each region, the following:
On the morning of that great day it was no rare thing to hear the question put in the dormitory, Who is a virgin?
54. Among the security reform initiatives, the Inter-Agency Standing Committee established a Steering Group on Security supported by the Department, with a particular focus on Saving Lives Together, inter alia, to explore further collaboration on security in support of humanitarian activities from the risk management perspective.
(b) Drought preparedness and mitigation (DPM) programmes, which aim to strengthen national and local planning and drought response capacities are being piloted so far in El Salvador, Mozambique and Swaziland and through subregional drought mitigation strategies in Southern and Eastern Africa.
A. Cases received by the Office of Human Resources Management
The urban elite had been ripped from the cities to a life of work and reeducation in the countryside during the Cultural Revolution, and a whole generation had been deprived of schooling.
She also travelled to the east of the country, where she visited a Sudanese refugee camp and met local authorities and traditional leaders.
I will dedicate my limited life to the limitless job of serving the people.
"9. Requests the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, in his capacity as Chair of the Inter-agency Task Force for Disaster Reduction, to review annually the work carried out by its working groups in order to ensure their effective contribution to the attainment of the objectives of the Strategy;
Negotiating and signing international cooperative agreements with the approval of the Council.
The rickety little waggon was already laden, and the girl led out the horse Prince, only a degree less rickety than the vehicle.
This welcome development was due mainly to the increased training activities conducted by the UNU research and training centres and the UNU Programme on Biotechnology for Latin America and the Caribbean (UNU/BIOLAC).
cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="560" border="0" class="content" style="TEXT-INDENT: 18px"  cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="560" border="0" class="content" id="fontzoom"  cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" align="left" border="0" valign="top"The attraction of Chinese cyberspace and its massive pool of potential consumers for the world's internet giants has long been clear.
It is a monstrous absurdity to call a man like him a hero .
 Thus, only three countries simultaneously managed to reduce inflation and increase their growth rates.
Letters of Year 2006
By September 2010, nearly 1,000 people will have taken part in the job training.
Romania
To date there has been no evidence of any terrorist activity in The Bahamas by Usama bin laden or the Al-Qaida organization or any individuals or entities associated with Usama bin Laden and the Al-Qaida organization.
The handbook is not merely a compendium of best practices, as it also provides a road map on how Governments can fully engage their diaspora.
He listed all the things he had to do.19.
The secretariat was requested to prepare a proposal that would build on the existing technology information system (TT:CLEAR), and identify institutions that could host and provide regular support for such a clearing house.
The Government would try to ensure that the declaration and plan of action were relevant to indigenous peoples.
Mr. HENDAOUI (Tunisia), referring to the medium-term programme framework, 2004-2007 (agenda item 4), said that, in response to General Conference resolution GC.9/Res.2, UNIDO was seeking to adjust the content and delivery of its services to the needs of a rapidly changing world economic environment.
"The release of detainees from the facility was done in the framework of cooperation between the parties" (affidavit, para. 49);
An electronic intercommunication system, as between two rooms.
Key findings: the performance of UNDP and associated entities with responsibilities for implementing evaluation policy against the theory of change
Contributions from the bilateral OECD/DAC donors and non-bilateral/multilateral sources for selected UNDP activities are shown in tables 1 and 2.
Considering the new escalation of violence in Germany, the Standing Conference of Ministers of Education and Cultural Affairs hereby declares:
Allowable-use exemptions would be available to Parties on demand before the entry into force of the convention for them.
Form reason and historical aftereffect of the conservatism abroad trade policy in the Ming and early Qing Period
(d) The pilot review programme: an assessment; background paper prepared by the Secretariat (CAC/COSP/2008/9);
49. Morocco commended Romania for its law on religious freedom.
Several of the recommendations may have budgetary implications for the United Nations.
Its recommendations thereon will be transmitted to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session when it considers the Secretary-General's proposed strategic framework for the biennium 2012-2013.
Distr.: General
Thousands of Olympic and Paralympic delegates, athletes and spectators will visit Hong Kong this summer. The Airport Authority is working closely with the Home Affairs Bureau, the Equestrian Company and the Hong Kong Tourism Board to provide a memorable experience for these guests and other travellers using HKIA during the Games.
He then gave a brief overview of the context in which the United Nations system was working in Viet Nam, concluding that while the UNDAF process was taking place in favourable circumstances, there were lessons to be learned for other countries.
If you are dry, you will find water behind the door.
He walked on, the sweat pouring into his eyes.
The President also stated that he had informed and consulted parties concerned, as well as the Bureau and regional groups, and that appropriate action had been taken on the issue and that his understanding was that there was a consensus within the Council that it would follow the decision of the General Assembly on the recommendations of the report of the Credentials Committee.
The shame and guilt were weighing heavily upon the crimer.
Yeah. I can't take credit for that.
Too many have given up the belief that they control the shared, the public world.
Representation by women at major international conferences, including United Nations conferences, has continued without discrimination on the basis of gender.
Parliamentary documentation: one report to the Commission for Social Development (thirty-fourth session) on the social policy implications of emerging development issues and trends; and reports to the Preparatory Committee for the World Summit for Social Development (as required).
Here we have restrictions on freedom everywhere.
Assuming an average household size of five people, 565 million new housing units will be needed.
Minaret
The relevant government departments and frontier forces of China have faithfully implemented the stipulations of the treaties and agreements, and actively promoted exchanges and cooperation with their counterparts of neighboring countries.They have dealt with boundary affairs in a timely manner and cracked down on illegal activities in the border areas together with their counterparts through communication and consultation mechanism, and frontier talks and meetings.
It would also facilitate resource mobilization.
The Committee urges the State party to take immediate steps to discontinue the harassment and surveillance of judges by intelligence agents (the DAS) and to punish those responsible for threatening the independence of the judiciary.
. receive a lot of money from developed but the other side of the coin is that they have to spend this money on expensive .
a member of a warlike group of Algonquians living in the NW plains.
With this, the author submits, available and effective domestic remedies have been exhausted.
The instrument of peace-keeping has been employed in new and ever more challenging settings.
11 July 2006
(g) Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS)
As a source of exchange, innovation and creativity, cultural diversity is as necessary for humankind as biodiversity is for nature. In this sense, it is the common heritage of humanity and should be recognized and affirmed for the benefit of present and future generations.
how often do you polish your shoes ? once every three days
Barbados
Ex-senior executives of architectural consultancy company jailed for bribery over renovation project
The American Jewish community, though not monolithic on the peace process in general, is virtually unanimously hard-line on Jerusalem.
Whoever figures out how much electricity China uses stands to make lots of money.
Completing the war motif, sandbags surround the outdoor seating area
Keywords Classic Homeothermia Method;Compound Antipyretic Gel;Stability;
For more information: http://www.unitar.org/cwm/ghs_partnership/index.htm.
ll arrive at Beijing road, passengers who arrive please get ready to get off.. He had never thought we can keep holding on such difficult circumstance that we still finished this task.
(b) A review mechanism has been established at points of entry, both by land and by air, into Mexico, entailing a tightening of inspections in corridors, waiting rooms and airline counters and reviews of passenger lists;
I mean, they're always flaring up and caving in and going out.
The point is that we need to revitalize it.
In this regard, he highlighted the importance of the Joint Meeting of the Executive Boards of UNDP/UNFPA/UNOPS, UNICEF, UN-Women and WFP and the new ties created with UN-Women in the area of gender equality.
It'seems to me you insinuate things about her.
Flooding and typhoons killed 2,704 people last year, according to the China Meteorological Administration.
With adoption of this proposed amendment, emissions of HFCs would remain in Kyoto Protocol "basket" of gases and neither Parties' commitments under the Kyoto Protocol nor their opportunities to meet those commitments would be altered.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Monday, 10 May 1999, at 10 a.m.
Application of CAI Courseware in Foreign Language Listening Skills Training
Meetings take place from seven to eight months each year.
Youth representatives have the unique potential to bring voices from the ground to the highest decision-making body in the world.
In this regard, we stress the importance of the submission by the General Council of the World Trade Organization of recommendations regarding the work programme of the World Trade Organization, including further liberalization sufficiently broad-based to respond to the range of interests and concerns of all members of the organization within the framework of the World Trade Organization, that will enable the members to take decisions at the third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization.
Base/mobile transceivers
4. Furthermore, as recommended by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in paragraph 10 of its report of 20 November 1998 (A/53/691) and endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 53/221, the present report also provides statistics on persons who have retired after age 60 or 62 but who have been re-employed for a period for six months or more, including those who have elected to receive a withdrawal settlement.
Skin irritation is possible due to the formation of phosphoric acids.
Approved temporary positionsb,c 2012/13 electoral support
Mr. John D. Fox (United States of America)**
Domestic demand of developing countries represented 46 per cent of global growth in 2010, while gross domestic product (GDP) in low- and middle-income countries increased 7 per cent (5.2 per cent, excluding India and China), far outstripping growth in the high-income countries (2.8 per cent in 2010).
Almost half of all countries are currently at milestone 2, and less than 20 per cent are at milestone 3 or higher.
4. The responsibility for developing the information and outreach campaign has been assigned to the Department of Public Information. The Department is utilizing its existing partnerships among civil society and non-governmental organizations, as well as forging new relationships with groups working on human rights, genocide and women's development issues, particularly those in the Great Lakes region and Rwanda.
8833 Acer
13. The implementation of the programme of work of the Convention on Biological Diversity on forest biological diversity would be of great importance to forests and the work of IFF since it contains many elements of interest to both.
But the morning star got up and gave her a little chicken's leg nd sai If you don't have this chicken's leg, you won't be able to unlock
The Committee also clarified the scope of article 6 by underlining that it provides protection to alleged victims of racial discrimination if their claims are arguable under the Convention.
The KPA has since recovered and returned 146 additional sets of UNC Korean War remains in six repatriations from 30 November 1993 to 30 October 1995, bringing the total number of sets returned to the UNC to 209.
A film is typically made up of a number of scenes unified in a coherent structure that realizes the director's vision.
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Rumaysh. They circled over all regions of Lebanon before leaving at 1040 hours over Naqurah.
Some Ecstasy was also seized in Brazil and South Africa during that year.
This set of nine concepts was designed to foster an open, transparent, and conducive policy environment for investment, while promoting coherence between national and international rules.
Exercising in the morning before doing your other activities will make you physically fit to face the day.
Umoja Coordinator
The EFTS funding system was expanded to provide State funding to subsidize certain programmes in private training establishments (PTEs) in 1993.
The Government will enhance legal reforms to reflect gender equality in line with the new Constitution; ensure the implementation of law reforms particularly in family, inheritance, and property law; eradicate all forms of violence against women; promote legal awareness; and enhance the accessibility of legal services particularly for the poor and illiterate.
98. Previous reports noted that the extent to which the identified subsidization by core resources ran counter to legislation adopted by governing bodies in the past was open to interpretation. This was due to legislative ambiguity about which costs -- full or incremental -- were expected to be fully recovered.
 Against:
Banks established in 1984
Contents
The Secretariat cooperates closely with parties, the Basel Convention regional and coordinating centres and other stakeholders to support the development and implementation of activities set out in the strategic framework.
The Committee was further informed that the total resources requested for consultants would be broken down as follows:
I am disabled so can't get up the stairs to Simone's flat so I called the police straight away.
 The President: I thank the representative of Italy for the kind words he addressed to me.
Researches into the Relationships among Adult Attachment Social Support and Depression in College Students
 Please provide information on the protection provided by the law against such interference or attacks, and the remedies made available to the child.
Then he barked, awaited instructions and shook the relevant toy to photographers and reporters lying obediently at his feet
(ii) Draft resolution (A/63/L.12)
34. Invites the Secretary-General, the Economic and Social Council, the regional commissions, the relevant specialized agencies, funds and programmes of the United Nations system and other intergovernmental forums, within their respective mandates, to continue to integrate into their work programmes and give priority attention to the Copenhagen commitments and the Declaration on the tenth anniversary of the World Summit for Social Development, to continue to be actively involved in their follow-up and to monitor the achievement of those commitments and undertakings;
His eye never quitted the old man.
Page
Building and installation contracts shall expressly provide the scope of the project, the construction work period, the time for beginning and completing intermediate construction projects, the quality of the work, the costs of construction, the time for delivery of technical data, the responsibilities for the supply of materials and equipment, the allocations of funds and settlement of accounts, the inspection and acceptance of the projects upon completion, the mutual cooperation by the parties and other similar terms.
Likewise, by Presidential Decree No. 446/011 the Pregnancy Allowance for Social Protection was created for pregnant women from the third month of gestation who are unemployed or are employed as domestic workers or in the informal economy.
When does the museum close?(?) ? Please tell me about some interesting places in this town.
And they suggest that we hire lobby companies and public relations firms to do the correcting job.
FINANCIAL RESOURCES SERVICE
Teng Lay Dry Port, Phnom Penh
There are two kinds of polio vaccine.
72. The Conference reaffirmed the will of the Member States to abide by the provisions of the OIC Convention on Combating International Terrorism, and to co-ordinate their efforts to combat all forms and manifestations of terrorism, including state terrorism.
5) Forgive me for being 10 minutes late for our date.
Mr TAI Hay-lap, B.B.S., J.P.
Both wear rubber boots, both are smeared with beige mud, like a tribal decoration.
Rule 61
They were often accused of obstruction when they opposed the implementation of development plans with a direct impact on natural resources, land and the environment.
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
By some counts between a third and half of those countries that emerge from war relapse into it within five years.
When the Danish immigration service has decided in which municipality the refugee is to be housed, the refugee may subsequently choose to move to another municipality.
Also significant is the entry into force on 22 June 2006 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (resolution 57/199, annex).
They are better off than we are; the dead return no more.
Article X
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
Thus all projects developed by UNHabitat in 2012 contributed to the planned results of the plan (2008-2013) and work programme and budget for the period 2012 - 2013.
'That didn't go well,' says Nanci Roberts, the club's treasurer.
The two modes have their own advantages and disadvantages during operation.
Forty-eighth (resumed) session
s easy.Just go to the ticket office in the subway.
No doubt, reasonable levels of confidence and emotional resilience help.
3.4 Due to his criminal record, once deported to Sweden, the author is unlikely to be allowed to return to Australia.
Council for cooperation in the field of education of the Commonwealth of Independent States (Observer Status)
Alphabetical list of candidates (with statements of qualifications)
Average number of civilian staff, including those on general temporary assistance, comprising:
The Council is foreseen to be composed of 15 members and chaired by the President of the Kosovo Academy of Science and Arts.
NET assemblies from binary format to well - formed and optimized source code . more Spices.
The fruits mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall first be used to pay the expenses for collecting the fruits
The speaker elaborated on the governance and financing of the Council of National Standards of his country.
Victims who wish to work may visit the Public Employment Services for assistance.
II. Summary of current activities
 In addition to premises previously rented, the list now includes rental of nine provincial civilian police headquarters and land for 87 civilian police posts.
Accordingly, the State party was requested not to invoke its national legislation, and specifically Ordinance No. 06-01 on the implementation of the Charter for Peace and National Reconciliation, against the authors and members of their family.
This should take place in partnership with donor countries and international organizations, and in accordance with national goals and programmes devoted to human development.
International Movement Against all Forms of Discrimination and Racism
VIII. Total budget/internal oversight Professional staff strength 39
Items 60 and 62 of the provisional agenda*
Actuarial losses
The situation is now so bad that any change is probable to be a change for the better.
I believed, too, that I had never listened so closely, and that he, for his part, had never been so patient with his explanations.One would have said that, before going away, the poor man desired to give us all his knowledge, to force it all into our heads at a single blow.
Protocol to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights on the Establishment of an African Court on Human and People's Rights;
Family Health Service
3. The spread of acts of violence among all parties has resulted in the killing and rape of civilians of various tribes and their displacement to the major towns of Darfur; as a result of that, camps have been established for displaced persons and for refugees to Chad.
Forthcoming official meetings
Then the others copy to be in the fashion.
Roman Catholic a diplomatic representative of the Pope having ambassadorial status.
The Secretary-General agrees with the recommendation that an administrative instruction be issued that will regulate the entire national competitive recruitment examination process with clear delegation of authority for the different elements in the decision-making and operational process.
 For example, a network in the field of agricultural research included the exchange of germ plasm for improved tree-production and germ plasm for specific coarse grains and legumes; improved aquaculture practices and fish-seed exchanges.
124.6. Ratify the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance (CPED) (Spain); Study the possibility of ratifying the CPED (Argentina); Sign and ratify the CPED (Iraq);
The review process did not include checking the access rights of users who had left the organization or changed functions.
He entered the building with intent to steal.
(vi) Transportation or storage of baggage or property used on official business.
 The recent changes in East-West relations and the easing of tensions on the international political scene have provided an unprecedented opportunity for arms control and disarmament.
It is currently possible to try offenders in Israel for such offences, even though the act might not constitute a criminal offence in the country in which it was allegedly committed (no double criminality is required).
Attempts to recapture the premises began with NATO-led peacekeepers surrounding the building in armored vehicles.
This instruction prohibits the contractor taking any action that may adversely affect the interests of the United Nations, and requires him/her to perform obligations under the contract with the fullest regard to the interest of the United Nations.
The complainant stayed in hiding until he left Bangladesh on 4 December 2000.
The US envoy to the region, Marc Grossman, has already held a series of secret meetings with the Taliban.
Louise did not hear the story calmly like some women would.She could not close her mind or her heart to the news.
That intellectual question leads directly to a practical one: Will the ECB ever be able to translate quantitative easing into stronger economic growth and higher inflation?
[Original: English]
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
For a synchronous operating mode, the failover time can be regulated by limiting the size of the redo queue.
While UNHCR had already produced an implementation plan pursuant to the audit findings, his delegation would like further information on how it intended to resolve its differences with the auditors regarding its method of reporting income.
Resource requirements (regular budget)
Participation costs are based on some 60 participants attending the Open-ended Working Group meetings in both 2013 and 2014.
UNDP helped to finance this mission.
- Types of links between terrorism and organized crime;
-- Benjamin Franklin Nothing seek, nothing find.
19. In the review of peacekeeping operations, certain considerations should be given priority: peacekeeping was only one tool for maintaining international peace and security, on a spectrum that ranged from preventive diplomacy, early warning, conflict resolution and peacebuilding to development support, in an individualized process based on national ownership; mandates must be clear and mission planning cohesive, especially in the case of protection of civilians, financial requirements, robust peacekeeping and the use of force; because peacekeeping was part of a political solution and not an alternative to it, an exit strategy must be set in each case and a parallel political process put in motion; confidence-building and partnership must continue to be fostered between all those involved -- the Security Council, the troop-contributing countries and the Secretariat, as had been done in recent presidential statements by the Council and the summit conference convened at the initiative of the President of the United States in September 2009; the base of contributors to peacekeeping operations must be expanded, and more should be invested in developing the capabilities of interested States and strengthening the capacity of developing countries, as initially recommended in the 2000 report of the Panel of United Nations Peace Operations (the Brahimi report); the financial requirements for a peacekeeping operation had to be identified early and predictable financial resources provided while institutional links should be built between peacekeeping operations, their financial and political frameworks, peacebuilding and sustainable development efforts; there must be greater cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations, especially the African Union, that were increasingly assuming responsibility for maintaining international peace and security, to assist them to develop their own conflict-resolution capabilities in their regions and perform the peacekeeping tasks mandated by the Security Council; and, lastly, the Organization's rapid-deployment capability had to be improved in order to respond to emergencies, and the field support system had to strike a balance between speedy delivery of better mission support services, respect for the rules, and fiscal restraint through reliance on local suppliers and products.
Syrian Arab Republic
The protection and tourism exploitation of urban water landscape has become an important component in the modern city development.
Is the logical name of the filegroup.
Water is wellhead of life , the water loving is moved being fond of at ease also more by person , swims for being one of which.
Agenda item 144 (a)
A string of limit days is especially terrifying, as a loser is stuck, unable to get out, while his account is being destroyed.
] I'd nearly forgot. That pick had fresh earth on it
Accounts receivable (note 8)
There is growing awareness that educating women has a major impact on social change and is a worthwhile investment.
83. With regard to regulatory instruments to address ocean noise and whether such pollution in areas beyond national jurisdiction was sufficiently covered by existing instruments, a panellist noted that several sectoral bodies addressed noise pollution in the marine environment.
It would welcome the same collaborative approach and dialogue within the Committee.
• Missile transporter-erector-launchers seen in Pyongyang in April 2012
Some doctrine A Woman Named Meng Jiang have become a silverfish afterwards (noodles fish);
BE established mortgage on the legal right or pawn guarantee of legal right.
In this way, the third dimension also reflects the element of time measured in number of clicks needed to reach each level.
7th meeting
Developed by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), the programme benefits from ongoing technical innovations to improve and extend its range across duty stations.
We sincerely welcome the manufacturers have used materials and personal contact us.
Peru
 (b) Paragraph 2.2: Replace the paragraph with the following:
It's cheaper in the long run because it won't need to be fixed as often or replaced as soon.
Confined to a stale, ill-at-ease room.
I have known you since I was able to breathe in the air as my smoothness began to take shape and my color matured along with natural flaws
The promotion of U.S. employment report also fell sharply in the near future, after rebounding strongly.
Add in pineapple dices and blend to mix.
In addition, with the purpose of raising awareness of the global community about this project and the existing problems, as well as to explore the possibilities of expanding the number of financial contributors, several information events were organized in 2013 together with Ukraine's NATO partners at NATO Headquarters in Brussels and at the State enterprise "Ukroboronservis" in Kiev.
As a result of subsequent developments, which have also been reported to the Council, including the withdrawal from Haiti of the advance elements of UNMIH, it was decided to evacuate the bulk of the International Civilian Mission in Haiti (MICIVIH) from Haiti on 15 October 1993.
General Assembly and Conference Management.
86. The Team further recommends that the Committee request it to prepare annually a list of all entries for which the corresponding narrative summary of reasons for listing contains no information that substantiates the listing in accordance with the criteria set out in paragraph 2 of resolution 1904 (2009).
While still requiring a value judgement, which can be influenced by political considerations, the evaluation of the relevance of the ground by assessing the connection between this ground and the right or freedom concerned remains a judicial act.
While she was informed about institutional and personnel changes and additional service provisions, with the exception of interfaith dialogues, the plan seemed to lack steps to reduce tensions and promote reconciliation between the two communities.
ICT infrastructure and operations are mission-critical to the United Nations system organizations.
15. The Chairman drew attention to a request by the Secretary-General for the inclusion in the agenda of the current session of an additional sub-item entitled "Election of a member of the International Court of Justice" under agenda item 15 (Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs), contained in document A/59/237.
Assistant Secretary
As money is fungible, funds lent or granted to a regime committing gross human rights violations might of course also be spent in a beneficial way.
Other requirements (procedures):
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has also indicated that the hazardous substances associated with ordnance that might be present in Vieques include TNT, napalm, depleted uranium, mercury, lead and other chemicals.
What else She says she is very grateful for your ideaThat concept was dynamite
Coherence, relevance and sustainability of UNIFEM products and services recognized
(a) In operative paragraph 1, after the date "30 June 2006", the word "and" was added and the phrase "and 62/___" was deleted;
Many researchers have used nanodiamond as a new type lubricating additive due to its double performances of both diamond and nano-material.
Consideration of communications under article 22 of the Convention [6]
While the smuggling of migrants may constitute a criminal offence, irregular migration does not, and should thus not be linked to security issues and crime.
Experts note that it also helps to stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water.
As part of the strategy, BNUB funded a sensitization workshop on 6 May 2014 for senior government officials from the Ministries of Defence, Public Security and the Interior and advisers to governors in the 17 provinces.
There now arose, therefore, the problem of the return of more than 1.5 million refugees, some of whom had had that status for more than 10 years.
Dizang Temple
This work should be seen in the broader context of developing a procurement and supply chain strategy during 2010.
every symmetric double linear function can be linearly expressed by positive definite double linear function basis.
6.The attack on Pearl Harbor was a crushing calamity Don't waste your words.
Japan 17 November 2006
Schalkenmehren
11. Mulching with brushwood or man-made materials such as plastic, polyfibre, nylon, acrylic netting or other products derived from petroleum have been used where these materials are available, such as by oil companies in the Taklimakan desert of China.
Women also play other roles, including retailing, taking the fish at landings, carrying it, processing it and selling it at markets.
Research into death statistics (2004-07) showed that the number of child death cases from primary infective causes in August was within historical baseline level, which ranged between 0 and 5 deaths per month.
Who came over to watch the White House chef with Mrs. Obama?
The terrorist attempts of 11 September, which tragically struck New York, the Headquarters of our Organization, Washington and Pennsylvania, have radically changed our vision of the world and of international relations.
And the student spot support the position with evidence.
Two other SAO scientists, Dong-Woo Kim and Giuseppina Fabbiano, discovered a huge, hot, gaseous halo surrounding a distant galaxy, perhaps providing evidence for the presence of both dark matter and so-called cooling flows.
 The Transitional Legislative Assembly is expanded by 13 eminent citizens selected through the Ministry of Internal Affairs from each of the 13 counties, and appointed by the Council of State.
The market fell more than 15 per cent in the days following the announcement but soon rebounded and ended the year up nearly 100 per cent.
This hat does not fit me; please show me another.
It had before it document FCCC/SBI/2003/15 and Add.1.
UNMIL will review and reprofile its resources beginning in the 2012/13 budget cycle.
Kimberly, you just got to breathe.
There's a monkey jumping around.
It is essential that political interaction and practical directions of economic cooperation with the SCO framework bring tangible benefits to our citizens, help improve their welfare.
We believe that the most efficient option would be for the Conference to immediately adopt the same agenda — based on the Decalogue — which we adopted last year.
Between 2003-2006, approximately 10 per cent of the women admitted to the Newfoundland and Labrador Correctional Centre for Women were Aboriginal.
You told me you're an orphan—that seems to be the truth.
No. of cases of convictions for domestic violence from 2007 to 2010 Year 2007 Year 2008 Year 2009
(iv) all known and projected costs associated with the Special Representative and the qualified representative of the Secretary-General identified to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board, for the six month time period defined above, following which these costs shall be borne by the United Nations;
Drake says: This is the first time this announcement has been made.
Take him back, Fred, said the other to the old watchman in charge, and let him see the boy.
D. Special rapporteurs 10 - 11 2
The objective was to develop a comprehensive green industry programme and attract the necessary funding.
Europe's ex-colonial powers are ill-placed to lecture China about its behaviour in Africa, they say.
Schedule 4. Regular resources: biennial support budget (gross) and expenditure against biennial support budget (gross by major category of expenditure)
 51. The cost of in vitro fertilization was not specifically provided for, but laboratory costs in such cases were covered.
Further considering the need to create an environment conducive to democracy, as well as the development of the people of Zimbabwe,
This activity entails the training of users and producers of sex-disaggregated data to ensure that these data are collected and conform to the needs of users, thus enabling the engendering of policy and programme cycles and the production of gender-responsive programmes and policies.
Thank you for inviting me for dinner,but can I come next time
Statement by the President of the Security Council
Concentrations of PCA in soil of the Taurus Mountains ranged from a low of 1.44 pg/g dry weight (dw) at 121 m to a high of 6.02 pg/g dw at 1881 m (Turgut et al. 2012).
Where the perpetrator is a professional dealing with cultural property, the punishment is more severe.
' What do you mean
Registration
8 General Assembly resolution 55/25, annex I.
Hello! Are you chief mate?
Furthermore, this would enable Final Fantasy enthusiasts to finally get back behind the broad, wooden wheel of an airship.
5. In today's conference, chaired by Afghanistan, hosted by Germany and attended by 85 countries and 15 International Organisations, the International Community and Afghanistan solemnly dedicated themselves to deepening and broadening their historic partnership from Transition to the Transformation Decade of 2015-2024.
 The result has been the widespread redressing of the military imbalance forced upon them by Serbs throughout this long, 31-month war.
" Buddha said: " good, that you and I together to heaven on a trip to go.
As for interpreting training, the author takes Xiamen University"s Model as a guide since it offers the essential knowledge structure required for an interpreter."
He scoffs at religion.
Please tell his nibs that we'd like his help with the washing - up!
Ghana
Inquiry was made into the origin of the scourge, and by degrees various facts came out which excited public indignation in a high degree
Level 2 medical facility1
7.1 Proportion of land area covered by forest
Progress made in 2013, specifically in the areas specified by COP 18, is highlighted in this chapter.
What are you telling to me?
They refer, in particular, to the finding of the Constitutional Court in case US 33/96 (Jan Dlouhy v. Czech Republic, decision of 4 June 1997), confirming the constitutionality of the citizenship requirement in order to be an "eligible person" under the Rehabilitation Law No. 87/1991.
Indeed, investments in girls' education may go further than any other spending in global development.
Saint-Jores
"20. Recognizes the need to formulate social development policies in an integral, articulated and participative manner, recognizing poverty as a multidimensional phenomenon, calls for interlinked public policies on this matter, and underlines the need for public policies to be included in a comprehensive development and well-being strategy;
According to the Government, it is common knowledge that some 100,000 Christians are freely practising their religion in Laos and live in general harmony with the majority Buddhist population.
Good dinner, Mom," he would say every evening.
Gender Advisory Unit
In order to promote adherence to the five United Nations treaties on outer space and to assist States in building their capacity in space law, the United Nations, together with the Government of Argentina and the National Commission on Space Activities of Argentina (CONAE), and with the support of the European Space Agency (ESA), organized the Workshop on Space Law on the theme "Contribution of space law to economic and social development", held in Buenos Aires from 5 to 8 November 2012.
It was widely hoped that the new round of the WTO multilateral trade talks would lead to a framework convention to improve international multilateral economic and trade cooperation and create the conditions for steady global economic development.
82. In addition to an allowance for travel to motion hearings and other travel expenses and daily subsistence allowance the Tribunal allows lead or co-counsel to be reimbursed for the cost of travel to Arusha on a maximum of three occasions prior to commencement of the trial.
The Working Group on Situations would examine the report of the Working Group on Communications, determine whether or not to refer a situation before it to the Commission, and prepare a report identifying the main issues of concern.
The French runner is in the lead in the first stage of the race.
(xii) United Nations Office for Project Services: Supplement No. 5J (A/57/5/Add.10);
There are many levels of evolution in the human dance, and not all will be able to love at this time or in this lifetime;
The overarching goal of this APF is to promote the development and adoption of policies that reduce societal vulnerability to drought.
Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only.
Ultrasonic - Microwave synergistic extraction technique was applied to extract mannitol in the Mycilia of Cordyceps  brasiliensis  Henn.
Ammonia widely used in industry, but also corrosive, volatile and vulnerable.
Recently, one of the Gates Foundation’s senior staff members visited the Millennium Village site in northern Nigeria.
This may be because the changes require investment in new technology, retraining of employees, or simply buying stakeholders’ consent.
For this purpose, CAB International (CABI) was contracted by the GM to facilitate the extraction, integration and normalization of the data available in the PRAIS system.
over 65 years of age Females under 15 - 1 829 (1993)
It plays an active role in integrating substantive activities financed with extrabudgetary funds with those financed with the regular budget.
Welcoming the report of the JIU on the activities and operations of the secretariat and having considered the budgetary recommendations in it,
There was a need, therefore, for adjustment of the document and for avoidance of duplication between the components of the strategic approach.
He did it with dogged determination.
New York, 1-26 July 2002
Residents live in and towns in the secondary stage.
The first step involves a hearing at which a judge examines whether a factual and legal basis for extradition exists.
The State party was also obligated to remove impediments to women's equality based on discriminatory, cultural and traditional practices.
Statement 20/08/2008 and WP.6
The results of that sample review confirmed that the Government of Jordan filed claims during the regular filing period on behalf of Palestinians who resided outside of Jordan.
Telephone : (852) 2461 8791
In UNHCR, write-offs are recorded as adjustments to prior years' expenditures.
The Territory is a signatory of agreements that provide for development assistance from the EU, on the basis of performance-based partnerships.
This situation limits its ability to initiate discussion and to influence and mobilize opinion, as well as to form alliances and relationships with other social actors, political parties and the State (ibid.).
When the fire had at last been put out, the forest authorities ordered several tons of special type of grass - seed which would grow quickly.
Some non-sale publications such as Women 2000 and Beyond and the Network newsletter of the Office of the Special Adviser are produced in-house in small print runs.
Coordination of activities with women in development programmes of INSTRAW, the United Nations Development Fund for Women, and other similar structures within the United Nations specialized agencies.
4. RATIFICATION OR ACCESSION TO OPTIONAL PROTOCOLS TO ICCPR, ICESR, CEDAW, CAT; AND ACCEPT THE JURIDICTION OF THE COMMITTEE OF ENFORCED DISAPPEARANCE (Recommendations 7, 9, 10; 14-16): Rejected.
Alec know that she was promiscuous and superficial.
A statement was also made by the representative of the Syrian Arab Republic in the exercise of the right of reply.
Based on its review of the claims presented to it to date and the findings of other panels of Commissioners contained in their reports and recommendations, as approved by the Governing Council, this Panel has set out some general propositions concerning construction and engineering claims filed on behalf of corporations (the "`E3' Claims").
For this reason, the humanitarian mandate must be insulated as much as possible from wider regional developments to ensure its effective implementation.
Her skilful fingers spun the wool out to a fine thread.
Its not Mrs. Figg.
Assistance to unaccompanied refugee minors
49. As for terminology, it was suggested that the words "adequate and effective" be replaced by "timely and effective".
Article 11 The State protects meteorological facilities in accordance with law.No organizations or individuals may seize, damage or destroy meteorological facilities, or relocate them without authorization.
Statement No.
In addition, for textile products will be the end of the quota system.
It was also indicated that the reinforcement of local institutions had promoted confidence in local governance mechanisms by strengthening the capacity of local authorities to deliver public services, provide security and establish the rule of law.
UNIDO would hold a Ministerial Meeting of the Least Developed Countries directly preceding the Conference session.
On 7 April, unknown perpetrator(s) threw stones and broke the windows of the offices of the Serb Progressive Party in northern Mitrovica.
Although the use of contemporary technologies is considered to be the most successful aspect of the 2010 census round, there were still challenges for a number of reasons, including lack of in-house technical skills and insufficient planning.
As a result, the framework agreement is creating strategic chaos in an already dysfunctional region.
Laboratory mice given the drug lost up to a third of their total body weight.
The untenable greed of some has transformed natural resources -- a huge boon for the African nations -- into a source of conflict.
"If the prophecy is to come true, today is the day.
The international conventions signed pertain to the protection of the ozone layer, biodiversity, inland and marine wetlands, and the regulation of many chemical substances that affect environmental quality.
(a) Achieving the Millennium Development Goals and addressing the impact of climate change, with emphasis on Africa and the least developed countries, in response to General Assembly resolution 62/208 and Executive Board decisions 2007/32, 2008/14 and 2009/9;
Wave equation - based prestack depth migration technique can accurately describe the wave field in complex media conditions and perform high resolution imaging.
The plan gradually has its shape in my mind.
(c) Grace period for the registration of certain acquisition financing transactions
Cyrillic Supplement
Dag Hammarskjöld Library
(the woman is blackguardly, the laugh that the passenger fools) " you are actor Suo, do I still see your eyes jockey actively? "
Finally, the secretariat would be providing the Working Party with data on the planned use of work months for the biennium 1998-1999, and it hoped for feedback from the Working Party in that connection.
The review and recommendations of the committees in respect of those nominations may be found in volume 2 of the Panel's 2014 report.
10. The Working Group on Indebtedness, whose mandate is to consider all aspects of the problem, held three meetings: on 20 April and 3 and 22 June 1994.
English: Thats a pity.
Obviously, the current unjust and unsustainable international economic order is still allocating to Africa a completely marginalized role as a source of primary wealth with no economic development.
We have a lot of pens, but we're shy on ink.
Thus I call upon everyone to honour that request.
" Having sex helps them feel that closeness and security. "
(b) At 1200 hours on 27 November 1999 United States and British F-14, F-15, F-16, Tornado and EA-6B aircraft coming from Turkish territory violated Iraq's airspace in the northern region.
II. Scope and presentation
Zheng  Lizhong  expresses four views: First is must establish the mutual confidence.
Moreover, in preparation for the Summit review, studies are being undertaken on a variety of topics — for example, girls’ education, paid and unpaid work, and ensuring access to social services by under-served populations.
But to be a perfect R&amp;B songster, the less-than-slim Liu may need to start exercising a little more.
Chapter 9: Conclusion
Robert Stephenson
Modalities for the second review and appraisal of the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing, 2002
Various research projects involving universities and specialist institutions are in progress or in preparation, including:
And I'll see if there was any mistake on our end .
It will need to provide greater clarity about the structural relationship between the Commission and the Fund and about areas where strategically greater ties can be forged.
28. The concept of the indivisibility of security now calls for the circle of Euro-Mediterranean solidarity to be widened to include other neighbouring regions, particularly Africa.
The authorities, in conjunction with the relevant government bureaux and departments, are carefully considering the concluding observations and developing appropriate follow-up action.
For many in the impoverished groups, the education of children is no longer affordable, leading to drop-outs at all educational levels.
An educational calendar on specific mountain issues was produced by Switzerland and distributed throughout 7,000 schools of the UNESCO Associated Schools Project Network.
 As regards microenterprises in the informal sector, the low barriers to entry lead to intense competition, while impeding the enterprises' growth.
Ninth session
Old candlestick and amber goblet make Ou Shifang aureate some less buckish gorgeous.
There you can see some of the biggest and best plays and musicals.
Sixty-ninth session
Recalling further its decision 48/475 A of 23 December 1993 on the financing of the Observer Mission and its subsequent resolutions and decisions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/236 of 13 June 1997,
In particular, the recognition of customary rights is often a pro-poor measure.
While sharing in the unequivocal condemnation of terrorism, the participating mandate-holders in their joint statement (E/CN.4/2004/4, Annex 1) voiced their "profound concern at the multiplication of policies, legislation and practices increasingly being adopted by many countries in the name of the fight against terrorism which affect negatively the enjoyment of virtually all human rights - civil, cultural, economic, political and social".
Kemeten
The requested new staff resources would also enable the Tribunal effectively to develop and manage the archives of the increasing judicial instruments and court documents.
3.4 Stockpiles
On 24 September 2004 the Plenum of the Supreme Court adopted a Decision "On certain issues with respect to the application of criminal procedural norms on the admissibility of evidence".
New Zealand
One day, I donated most of the paperbacks to a book sale.
In mining terms this is fairly negligible, but given the current state of the Liberian post-war economy, the market is sufficiently buoyant to keep between 10,000 and 15,000 people in the region (including dependants), employed either directly in mining or in the provision of services to miners.
2. Expedite the opening of the border crossings between their countries as soon as the zero line has been delimited.
They grab food when they can, skipping many meals and gorging at unorthodox times.
Tajikistan's hydropower capacity, in particular, is estimated at 525 billion kilowatt-hours, and only 5 per cent of that capacity is currently being utilized.
She did not hear the story as many women have heard the same, with a paralyzed inability to accept its significance.
In October 2009 Cabinet approved the final draft.
:: In 2012, a high commission for the elimination of violence against women was established in Kabul, along with nine provincial commissions, supported by the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women) through the provision of training and equipment.
The Chair will invite statements on behalf of groups of Parties.
UNIC Warsaw and the Shalom Foundation organized an exhibition that featured the best posters from their 2007 poster competition, "Holocaust: Forever in our Memory".
In this context, the High Commissioner has underlined the fact that while the promotion and protection of human rights is an imperative for States, they should also shape the conduct of business.
3. Draft reports
21. Considering that about 40.1 per cent of families are headed by women and that women heads of households are often victims of poverty (see paras. 17 and 44), kindly describe the initiatives which have been undertaken or planned to economically empower these women.
This is the spirit of the Tibetan people, a sort of modesty and stalwartness. They are imbued with assuredness and contentment.
The training and movement ban on the Republika Srpska Police Anti-Terrorist Brigade remains in force, as does the live firing ban imposed on the Pelican Range in Glamoc.
The shape of the surface of the tray is flat or upward salient arc.
how=in whatever mannerI did just as you told me.
It must be condemned not only for this reason, but also in order to demonstrate the international community's condemnation of terrorism as a means to affect internal and bilateral conflicts.
The designing process of the EDAC circuit is described in the paper.
I urge you all to give this issue your urgent attention and thank you for the opportunity to share my thoughts with you.
He was not that kind of gentleman, but amative.
Their representatives are entitled to participate in public meetings in discussions on specific matters falling within the terms of reference of the Board or of one or two Commissions.
According to the intention to save building materials and construction fees and to pursue the beauty of buildings at large scale application we developed a technique of integrated PV roof experimentally.
The international community should therefore continue and intensify its mobilization and public opinion should be well informed so that it could more effectively denounce that modern form of slavery.
Executive Committee decisions and guidelines are based on robust negotiations, and are supported by a large amount of data and technical expertise through access to the TEAP.
E/CN.19/2002/2/Add.8
Almost to the last, too, he tried to pose as one of his people.
25. After the completion of the feasibility study, a special meeting was organized in March 2000 by the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women and the Director of INSTRAW where the head consultant presented the major findings of this study to the major donors and the other interested parties who attended.
Commercial helicopters flown for 1,616 hours
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (two posters, 5,000 copies in Uzbek);
:: Creating employment for youth is an integral part of the PRSP-II and Vision 2025.
Rather than wait for a catastrophic international incident to occur, the international community should take a proactive stance and adopt an appropriate international instrument.
President Clinton and I have reached a broad range of agreements and consensus on further increasing exchanges in cooperation between China and the United States in all areas in our bilateral relations
The information varies widely, with only half of the reporting Parties providing details and examples of their programmes and activities.
Wulu
68. A common theme of the studies is that the status of the competition agency within the domestic political environment positively affects the value of technical assistance.
It may be efficient to price telephone services out of the reach of people in rural Autralia, but it is not equitable to do so.
In that regard, it was said that, in some circumstances, mechanisms should be put in place to limit public access to hearings, and logistical arrangements could be made to allow for hearings in camera when dealing with confidential or sensitive information.
David Paulison, a top Homeland Security official, is now the acting head of FEMA.
Charges against the author were based on reports (procès-verbaux) drawn up by French customs officers within the meaning of article 336, paragraph 1, of the Customs Code (Code des Douanes).
UNITAR orientation course on the Security Council for members of the Council
It's a tricky word, with the /t/ sound at the beginning, the /oo/ sound in the middle, and at the end, the interesting /th/ sound. T-oo-th.
Bilateral cooperation agreements, channels and procedures have been established for the exchange of information relevant to the investigation of criminal organizations and for the processing of requests for mutual legal assistance and extradition.
The perceived benefits of the new system are: (a) inter-agency standards on all details of data processing; (b) harmonization of published international trade statistics; (c) higher level of data quality; (d) full accountability in the treatment of trade data; and (e) availability of a complete set of metadata.
Scarlett could think of nothing to say, and she felt her face growing red with annoyance .
Smilax
Timeline Note
International economic and social classifications
Some progress was made with cotton, whereby commitments were made to eliminate export subsidies by 2006 and African countries will have free access to the cotton markets in developed countries.
Some quite subtle effects can be produced by adjusting a few parameters.
The Chairman wishes to advise that unless he hears to the contrary by 5 p.m. on Friday, 2 February 2007, he will take it that the members of the Organizational Committee have no objection to the request contained in the above-mentioned letter.
f Represents accrued liabilities for unused vacation days of $10,594,420 and for repatriation benefits of $14,971,921.
Erb
E. Trafficking in human organs
What he did indirectly hurt me.
Kashinagara
:: Periodic health research surveys were conducted
98. Ms. Robl (United States of America) said that although her delegation valued operational activities for development, it had voted against the draft resolution because it seemed that some delegations had impeded a good faith negotiation when consensus had been within reach.
He plays the violin very well.
Buff striped keelback
They were convened by the Standing Committee's Co-Chairs, Mr Vice Skracic of Croatia and Mr Peter Truswell of Australia, with the support of its Co-Rapporteurs, Mr René Haug of Switzerland and Mr Radu Horumba of Romania.
Dag Hammarskjöld Library
Projected change
315. Eritrean support to armed opposition groups has routinely involved cash payments to members of these groups, some of which have been documented in previous Monitoring Group reports.[242]
Elimination of violence against women
That strategy must include depriving terrorist organizations of their operational and organizational capabilities, strengthening the relevant existing multilateral regimes, and negotiating a universal treaty to fill the gaps in current international instruments.
Application of electric APC system in the screwdown gear of plate mill
493. The Property Management Unit is responsible for developing improvements in the inventory management system.
He also expressed surprise that the President of the Cuban National Assembly ought to apply for a tourist visa in order to attend the IPU Conference, as the latter was not a tourist activity.
Key laws and regulations relevant to OFDI
In the absence of any pertinent information from the State party which would contradict the author's allegations, the Committee considers that the facts before it reveal a violation of article 9 of the Covenant.
Part five
Whenever you’re tempted to bemoan your fate, look at the list and remind yourself how lucky you really are.
UNCT reported that, in 2009, the Government had adopted a National Gender Policy to mainstream gender into all national development processes.
ISSN 0255-1535
11. A summary of the status of procurement actions related to the strategic deployment stocks is provided in table 3 below.
5. During the Nayarit conference, Austria offered to host the third international conference on the humanitarian consequences of nuclear weapons, scheduled to take place in December 2014. In his announcement for the media, Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs Sebastian Kurz stated that: "Nuclear weapons are not only a permanent threat to all humankind but also a relic of the cold war that we must finally overcome.
SR.11 and 14)
The tranquil dance is similar to a mother singing her baby to sleep.
These few points should be thoroughly considered as it is never easy to keep everything sophisticated and natural.
States indeed have the sovereign right to acquire weapons for their own security and to exercise the legitimate right of self-defence.
91. Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco).
Gets the inner markup of the control.
IV. Building on Monterrey
The designers of the medals that will be presented during the 2008 Olympics in Beijing have created an elegant fusion of traditional Olympic and traditional Chinese design.
Economics of diminishing marginal utility theory and the law of weber's "bitch" for we do provide a sufficient evidence.
The report has been prepared taking into consideration the four-year periodicity of the first cycle of the review.
Suitable alternatives seem to exist for almost all uses of C-PentaBDE.
States parties must continue their dialogue on the Secretary-General's five-point plan.
(Signed) Shauket A. Fakie
A memorandum of understanding is also under negotiation with the Grameen Creative Lab to provide greater entrepreneurship opportunities for poor people in developing countries.
Intergovernmental organizations/Regional meetings
Administration of justice (by Ms. Alicia Bárcena, Under-Secretary-General for Management); and
The Group was concerned about the Advisory Committee's observation that not enough attention had been given to setting criteria to monitor the quality of decisions made by programme managers.
The same is true for its human, logistical, financial, communications and information technology resources, particularly as the Mission adjusts its footprint through the ongoing review of locations and deployments.
Objective To probe the cases of the surface decline in Murphy's dropper while transfusion .
I know he wants to please me, but I will not have it
Date of submission: 9 May 2002
The GICHD, in consultation with the Coordinator and the Steering Committee, may decide on an alternative representative from the same country as a participant to whom sponsoring was allocated if her/his participation is cancelled for pressing reasons.
It also encourages the State party to consult widely with civil society and national human rights institutions in the preparation of the national human rights plan of action.
Relations with United Nations bodies and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations
The developing countries, especially the least developed countries, that cannot catch up with globalization's speed will be left behind.
After all, in the ultimate analysis, it is rationality which is the essence of deterrence.
We need clear priorities.
Many of those attending had also attended the United Nations/International Astronautical Federation Workshop on Global Navigation Satellite System Applications for Human Benefit and Development, held in Prague from 24 to 25 September 2010 (A/AC.105/984).
B
12. UNESCO has been collecting science and technology statistics from its member countries since the late 1990s.
 Our experience in Pakistan has been that efforts in the legal, educational and cultural spheres can yield significant results.
Reliability of electronic signatures
1. Letter to the Chairperson
My delegation welcomes the efforts being made by the World Bank, regional development banks and the specialized funds and agencies of the United Nations for financing the agricultural sector.
The proposed programme budget for 2008-2009 fails to do this in respect of certain important areas of work.
The State party is also under an obligation to take steps to prevent similar violations in the future.
They wrapped up the case to their own satisfaction.
4. Mr. Mwakapugi (United Republic of Tanzania), speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, said that he was willing to adopt the draft resolution since, in his view, it was important to establish a link between sustained economic growth and sustainable development.
Unless they have agreed, it is not fine to do so.
Achieving the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
It would therefore be highly desirable for the participants to remain in relevant official positions for as long as possible after the course.
Computer Accessories
Which is why you faked your own death and assumed a new identity?
LU: I might still remember it if I knew which incident you mean, sir
Ukraine Mykola Makarevych, Yevgen Strekalov, Rostyslav Tronenko, Viktoria Kuvshynnykova
5. Stresses the importance of creating an environment conducive to national reconciliation and social and economic recovery in countries emerging from conflict;
Market dominance confers power over suppliers and employees and opens more opportunities for cost shifting.
44. Mr. Hasan (Syrian Arab Republic) concurred, stressing that the Constitution set the general tone but not the details of the country's legislation.
The current user must belong to the Administrators group on the local computer, and the socket must be bound to a specific port.
:: Urging national policy makers to accept girls' education as a strategy for achieving universal primary schooling, as well as an end in its own right;
He would have to chance his luck against Bamabas and Father Dreosan.
General Assembly
10. In its consideration of Honduras' combined initial, second and third periodic report, the Committee expressed its hope that the State party would take strong measures to eliminate stereotypes, and include both men and women in awareness-raising efforts aimed at ending discrimination against women.
53. The Committee requests the State party to disseminate widely the present concluding observations among all levels of society and, in particular, among State officials and the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report about all steps taken to implement them.
Within the Old City of Jerusalem there are some 80 Jewish settler buildings and institutions.
Given the increasing devastation caused by climate change, it was regrettable that international efforts to combat such phenomena remained rather modest.
One way or the other, unions stand as a major wild card for the evolution of our economic system in 2008 and beyond.
Delegations that have not done so are kindly reminded to submit the names of their representatives, alternates and advisers to the secretariat of the Sixth Committee (room S-3460; fax 1 (212) 963-1963).
More recently, when considering the most recent periodic report by Togo, the Human Rights Committee found that the various curfews declared by the authorities actually amounted to suspension of the exercise of certain rights protected by the Covenant.
Special, 2005
How could I not, Cynthia.
States parties to the UNESCO Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage have to address the urgent need for the genuine recognition of indigenous religious, cultural and spiritual rights, including their sacred sites in the context of extractive projects.
Keep this in mind when're deciding which players you want on the bench.
Using the theme "Open Societies, Open Economies: Challenges and Opportunities", the Forum aims to contribute to shaping and orienting the debate on globalization and promoting a more inclusive and equitable global society.
However, the Government of Côte d'Ivoire did not inform the Government of Liberia of this awareness-raising programme, creating concern among Liberian security agencies, UNMIL and refugee populations in Zwedru, Grand Gedeh county, as to the nature of the mission and the identities of those involved, especially considering the existence of widespread rumours of militia and mercenary recruitment for cross-border attacks.
Better mechanical characteristic.
In indicator (a) (i), delete the word "written".
The Executive Secretary of the Conference appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations shall act in that capacity in all meetings of the Conference.
Information Notes and Nomination Forms will be transmitted to the Permanent Missions accredited to the United Nations in New York by UNITAR shortly.
13. During the first meeting of the SCE-VA, the ICBL Working Group on Victim Assistance agreed to facilitate the Network Group on Portfolio of Victim Assistance Programs.
The third FAO Special Report of May 1994 dealt with the grave problems of providing food and crops in Iraq due to the shortages of agricultural requirements.
A certain precursor will be valid only for a certain class of earthquakes.
He said:
near, by, beside (A) near  My home is near the school.
The law also reassigned responsibility for providing legal aid from the Supreme Court to the Ministry of Justice, whose new legal aid unit is receiving greater support from international and national stakeholders.
M1A1 tank
Regulation 10
400. In other developments, FAO has held eight regional workshops on human resource development and capacity-building since August 2006.
The Statistical Commission had been tasked with elaborating a work programme to achieve that goal, and France believed that the recommendations of the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress could provide useful input to that process.
From learning about what those tests are at the eye doctor, to tricky 2)illusions, there"s a lot to learn here.
Consequently, Brazil did not share other delegations' concern to know how many Member States recognized domestic partnerships.
A maximum of 3 supplementary cards are permitted per principal card account.
Between 2003 and 2008, Chinese FDI flows to least developed countries rose from $45 million to $981 million, and, in 2008, 34 such countries received Chinese FDI.In 2012, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Cambodia and Angola were the top host economies among the 27 least developed countries to receive FDI from China,
3. The Armed Forces set a target of 15% in their "Strategy for the Management of Human Resources in the Armed Forces, 2011-2015" with a view to increasing women's representation in civil and military sectors; policies/regulations were developed to promote women's promotion in the ranks/career.
My bad habits must be destroyed and new furrows prepared for good seed.
(c) In the area of international purchasing and supply management, the objectives are to achieve:
From 24 February to 19 April, MINUSTAH police and OAS officers interviewed 923 candidates for the seventeenth class, scheduled to begin late in May 2005; 794 of the candidates were cleared for training.
 Accordingly, the draft resolution requested the Secretary-General to make available additional resources to enhance their capability to carry out mandated operational activities and to coordinate efficiently with other relevant departments of the United Nations system.
The Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review, established in accordance with Human Rights Council resolution 5/1, held its eighth session from 3 to 14 May 2010.
Concluding observations: Guyana
Through the mutual trust and close cooperation between H&Y and our clients, we will concurrently achieve successes!
Within the framework of its Integrated National Programme for Paraguay, UNODC made progress in enhancing criminal prosecution capabilities by developing specialized courses for public prosecutors and conducting training of trainers.
The natural landscape and environments relied on by the famous historical and cultural city, town or village shall not be changed.Article 22 The people鈥檚 government at or above the level of the county where a famous historical and cultural city, town or village is located shall control the population therein and improve the infrastructure, public service facilities and living environment thereof based on the local economic and social development level and according to the protection planning.
Trust me, you鈥檒l see more enthusiasm on her end, which will make for an engaging date for the both of you.
C. Staff recruitment
"Afterwards, when it is time to leave you will be escorted home by a procession of large trucks each one filled with all the chocolate you could ever eat."
UNHCR also uses an Access database to record bank movements and investments.
The Special Committee decided to accede to the request.
Corporate earnings, for example, should recover one of these days.
Dysplasia
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
Further study would be required into adjusting the guidelines for reporting in order to ensure that the information which needed to be submitted under the specialized treaties would not be lost, i.e. the consolidated report should not be merely a combination of a report under the two Covenants but should take fully into account all aspects of the other relevant treaties.
Gloria lowers her head and says sadly: "I wish I could do something for you, but I can do nothing. . . "
Nevertheless, he did not become discouraged.
vi. Calculations to determine the equal estimated commercial value, expressed as recoverable metals in mineable areas, of the two parts of the application area;
And if daddy's not on board, That is exactly what's gonna happen.
The delay in formation of the authorities resulted in a postponement in the adoption of key pieces of legislation.
Don't let children go near a burning stove without the company of an adult.
5. Addressing current challenges in the area of disarmament and nonproliferation demands renewed multilateral attention, understanding and cooperation.
A place awarded to a less-qualified princeling is a place denied to a more qualified applicant.
You can't attach too much importance to the matter.
But when demonstrators call on us by name, plea for our assistance and write their banners of protest in English, this is a good sign that they want our help.
Statement submitted by Association pour l'integration et le développement durable au Burundi, Human Rights Watch, Indigenous People of Africa Coordinating Committee, RESO-Femmes and Women's Global Network for Reproductive Rights, non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
a. Radio and Central News Services
Draft resolution I
Recent progress in the European Union-brokered talks between Belgrade and Pristina gives some cause for optimism in the wake of the tensions we saw in the region over the summer.
Plant (Importation and Pest Control) Ordinance - Chapter 207
Regrettably, the deeper structural reforms envisaged in the peace accords have lagged far behind the advances in the political realm.
Mr. Zhao discussed the similarity and differences of photography and painting.
During 2004-2005, cases defined as partner violence constituted 14% of all cases of violence against women reported to the police, compared to 26% during 2001-2003.
Section B deals with choice of the law or laws governing the project agreement and other contracts entered into by the concessionaire during the life of the project (see paras. 3-8).
She is a sensitive person who feels sorrow and can not speak out anywhere..
35. OHCHR continues to lead the United Nations system with regard to the realization of the right to development.
6. In this connection, the settlement plan provides that it is the Special Representative who will decide that security conditions for the safe return of Saharan refugees eligible to vote and their immediate families are met and that the existing (Moroccan) police forces will be responsible for the maintenance of law and order "closely monitored by the MINURSO Civil Police" (S/21360, paras. 67 and 68).
Had it not been for the Songun ideology implemented by the great leader of our people, General Kim Jong Il, and had it not been for our powerful war deterrent, the Korean peninsula would have been turned into a theatre of war scores of times and our peaceful economic development would have been unimaginable.
Convinced that such a decade, at the beginning of the new millennium, would greatly assist the efforts of the international community to foster peace, harmony, all human rights, democracy and development throughout the world,
Inter-agency cooperation and coordination are yet to be fully explored.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/67/L.14/Rev.2
A/60/PV.66
Against:
445. In the context of existing conventions and treaties on disabilities, work was begun on restoration of personal identity.
These measures make a special contribution toward counteracting stereotypical role distributions between men and women.
Netball by country
Mr. CHANG (Republic of Korea): Mr. President, to begin with, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the first presidency of the 2008 Conference on Disarmament.
That measure would have both political and economic implications as well as profound effects on UNIDO’s efficiency and effectiveness, and should be undertaken with caution.
50. Adapted local breeds in marginal production systems may contribute to seed dispersal and maintain rangeland ecosystems.
“There should be no problem for this policy to be approved.The problem might come from foreign governments who are unwilling to give up large areas of . . . land,” the official said.
In 2000, the region's GDP reached 11.746 billion yuan, twice as much as in 1995, four times as much as in 1990, and over 30 times as much as in the pre-peaceful liberation period.
Electrical supplies
Decision 2001/295
Environment
Both levels of governments agreed in 1997 on a strong and balanced package of reform.
Upon issue of the last "Complete and Ready for Commissioning Certificate" under the contract, 20 per cent of the retention money was to be released by NOC to TPG. The remaining 80 per cent was to be released as follows: (a) 30 per cent upon issue of the "Taking Over Certificate"; and (b) 50 per cent upon issue of the "Final Acceptance Certificate" or upon settlement of all outstanding matters arising out of the execution of the contract, whichever was the later.
D. Protocol for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serving International Civil Aviation, supplementary to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, signed at Montreal on 24 February 1988 (entered into force on 6 August 1989): status as at 26 June 2008;23
Mr. Quarrey
Technical assistance for implementing the international conventions and protocols related to terrorism
In order to raise the cultural level of the entire nation, New China launched a planned campaign to gradually wipe out illiteracy.
[4] Newton's was unquestionably a mind of the very highest order, and yet, when asked by what means he had worked out his extraordinary discoveries, he modestly answered, "By always thinking unto them.
The viewpoint of"Optimal Cutting Layer", in the study of main parameters has been suggested.
The GUUAM States backed partnerships between governments, the private sector, networks of non-governmental organizations and the scientific community - internally as well as internationally.
We know that countries struggle to cope with millions of orphans and that these children are having to be cared for, and the fields planted, by their grandparents because a whole generation -- their parents' generation -- has been wiped out.
Chapter Page
Contents
Make sure that you come here before five.
11. In response to the hurricanes and tropical storms, MINUSTAH and the United Nations country team worked closely to provide emergency aid and humanitarian assistance to the population.
C. Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)a
I turn now to international trade, which has a central role to play in improving the development prospects of developing countries and in increasing our capacity to mobilize domestic financial resources for development.
NGC 1032
In case of rain, they can't go.
The boy took the toys apart and spread the bits allthe floor.
WENZHOU (H.K.) TOURISM CO., LIMITED
"While there exists an urgent need to protect Somalia's maritime resources from foreign fishing vessels, there is also a clear risk that "coastguard" operations of the kind organized by the Puntland authorities could in fact provide legitimacy for sanctions-busting by local authorities and faction leaders.
Desperado, why don't you come to your senses?
These children behind, what carries the story of how the moving?
Some observers have suggested that the arrest of former Bosnian Serb General Ratko Mladic in May 2011 is evidence that such policies can aid the cause of accountability for atrocities under certain circumstances.
Sally talked with that boy until she was blue in the face, but the boy still did what he wanted.
The Panel, as set out at paragraph 36 above, accepts the compensability of such relief paid to employees subject to the percentage adjustment set out at paragraph 48 above, and the deduction of the employees' social security contribution (in the amount specified by SAB in its statement of claim).
More than 70 per cent of the women, especially in rural areas, work in the agricultural sector.
It is said that a locally based education will encourage young people to stay in agriculture.
In this regard, the sharing of experiences among member countries can help in ensuring optimum design in terms of infrastructure and operations.
The Gaza Strip also continues to suffer from the devastating effects of the inhumane and illegal Israeli blockade.
1. Calls upon all States to promote, translate and give full effect to the Declaration on the Right and Responsibility of Individuals, Groups and Organs of Society to Promote and Protect Universally Recognized Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms,10 including by taking appropriate, robust and practical steps to protect women human rights defenders;
In 1992, average statutory tariffs on manufactures were 46.5 per cent.
Bartex was recently awarded a two hundred million dollar design contract for the next generation of carrier fighter jets by the US navy.
It also recommends the creation of social support and reintegration programmes for victims of prostitution and trafficking.
Expansion uniformity is an important mechanic property of intravascular stent, which produce a critical effect on safety of the stent.
Address by His Excellency The Honourable Denzil Douglas, Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs, Minister of National Security and Immigration, Minister of Sustainable Development and Minister of Tourism, Sports and Culture of Saint Kitts and Nevis
A Bumpy Ride for Emerging Markets
last time i saw you , you were all alone on a godforsaken island
14. The militarization of outer space must be avoided at all costs and, if possible, reversed.
SUN Yat-sen has probed into the causes of Yangtze River inundation from social factors, and has conceived the harness of Yangtze River systematically and thoroughly.
The fourth is giving priority to shape, surface coating and harmonious man - machine relationship.
On the eve of the meeting of the Council of national coordinators two expert groups held their separate meetings on the establishment of the Business Council and the Development Fund.
'But if it is not bought back for him within the space of a full year, then the house that is in the walled city passes permanently to its purchaser throughout his generations; it does not revert in the jubilee
Children in the second year of life against type B hepatitis - between 98.9 per cent and 99.8 per cent
40. Reference is also made to the consolidated report of the Secretary-General and OHCHR on the right to development (A/HRC/24/27) (see paragraph 18 above).
Macro liquidity is feeding booms and bubbles; but market illiquidity will eventually trigger a bust and collapse.
The annual report on UNCDF documents and analyses performance against established targets in terms of programme, management and financial results.
They argue that the Uruguay round has failed to deliver expected benefits in such areas as agriculture and textiles.
Gill took up volleyball at school and returned to the sport three years ago.
Judge, Directorate General of International Law and Foreign Relations, Ministry of Justice
But the main factor behind Macron’s success, I believe, is the structural change that I described a decade ago in Left in Dark Times.
Remember , gun and knife are dangerous things. Never ever touch them.
2. Reiterates that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo bears primary responsibility for security, peacebuilding and development in the country, and encourages the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to remain fully committed to protecting the civilian population through the establishment of professional and sustainable security forces and the rule of law and respect for human rights, to promote non military solutions as an integral part of the overall solution for reducing the threat posed by Congolese and foreign armed groups and to restore full State authority in the areas freed from armed groups;
There was no schools in the village before liberation.
X: Mr. Green is required to pay IIT ( i . e . Individual Income Tax ).
Delegaciones asistentes a la Conferencia de revisión,
Embargo should be included as one of the crimes against humanity, in view of the suffering that it caused.
Moreover, coercive economic measures were adopted through the Security Council under the pretext of a mere suspicion of alleged involvement by two Libyan citizens in a certain incident.
95 minutes
Suspension or adjournment of the meeting
Treaty body
She was found guilty, and lost her job in consequence (of it ).
The way to love anotherything is to reingize that it might often be lost.
The organization of the State Council is prescribed by law.
The CoE has been monitoring the human rights situation and it appears that some progress has been made.
1. Global Environment Facility funding for development and transfer of technology
A clear distinction should be drawn between self-defence and the lawful use of force in reasonable implementation of the purposes of a given mission.
Provisional agenda and documentation
How long should a President be allowed to remain in power?
Communications Campaigns Service
The dimensions of each piece when added together must be no more than 158 cm ( height + width + depth ).
Under the Phare Programme, which is one of the three pre-accession instruments financed by the European Union to assist the applicant countries of Central Europe with EU integration, an amount of Euro11 billion has been allocated for the period 2000 - 2006 for institution building in 10 countries (Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia).
Item 3 of the provisional agenda*
There have been no significant changes.
Working together, we have achieved a result about which we can all be justly pleased.
Main: The bridge welding electrodes, wire, flux.
The old man was exhilarated when his lost wallet blew back, into his hand.
We often say that the Conference has agreed a number of very important international disarmament treaties.
2.t give you a definite answer right now. 3
The effective electromagnetic parameters are the imperative data to compute design absorbing materials.
Although these transfers are conducted through formal systems, the oversimplified customer identification procedures, the high volume of remittances and the difficulty in identifying the origin and purpose of the funds are causes for concern.
Rules, including any restrictions, applicable to the employment of dependents of staff members;
VI. Documentation
Fears are mounting that troubles in the mortgage market could spread to other sectors.
The estimate provides for feeding military members of the Force as well as those members of the civilian staff who are assigned to posts where mess facilities must be provided.
For instance in Tin Shui Wai, we have added a Family and Child Protective Services Unit and will build an integrated children and youth services centre.
China Providing one million dollars in aid to Palestinian       Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang announces: the Chinese Government decides to provide one million US dollars in cash to the PNA as emergency humanitarian assistance to purchase essential supplies.
An appropriate policy should be designed with the assistance of domestic and international experts and should be based on lessons learned from successful anti-drug programmes in other countries.
Forgery and alteration of money, sale or uttering counterfeited and altered currency and securities
UNCTAD also contributed to workshops and provided transport advisory services in Angola, Burundi, Kenya, Morocco, Mozambique, Rwanda, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uganda.
5. In addition, the Secretary-General drew the attention of various departments and other units of the Secretariat to the resolution.
Guo Run view of the international market - oriented brand, logo graphic elements.
:: Irrelevance of situation of judges of other international and national courts and tribunals, as well as of United Nations officials -- limited employment possibilities for former Court members -- similarities with situation of United Nations Secretary-General.
Having ympathetic warders facilitated one of our most vital tasks on Robben Islan
Students from these nations should 18 the problems of the industrialized countries closely. 19 care, they will take home not the problems of science and technology, 20 the benefits.1
In that regard, Sweden supported the greater involvement of the Executive Board and other members of the Programme through the participation in a serious dialogue not only at the third regular session 1999 but also among capitals as the process advanced.
But several recent incidents have shaken the foundations of this arrangement.
It starred Meryl Streep and China's Liu Ye.
We are expecting another decline to -56.0 from -52.6鈥etting precariously close to all time recession lows of -62.0.
At times, Governments were not providing adequate structures for job creation in relation to the natural resources available in their countries, such as wind farms in windy countries, graphite mining in graphiterich countries, and others.
Foreign journalists who have questions on China's domestic matters should call the State Council Information Office's hotline at 6559- 2311.
Most of these children, untutored in the ways of a wanton world and not knowing how to resist such temptation, become easy victims, serving both as traffickers and as consumers of the illicit drugs, thereby ensuring the continuity of the chain of trafficking and users.
Recognizing that transport and mobility are essential preconditions for sustainable development,
And this has exerted a profound impact on world economy and social life
He noted especially the call for a permanent mechanism for consultations with indigenous governance bodies.
To broaden the development of the field of Wushu, Wushu to promote the development of society;
In carrying out this exercise, the Board identified the elements below as needing attention in the process of further streamlining and strengthening the accreditation process:
(b) Council Regulation (EC) No. 631/2007 of 8 June 2007
Over the last 15 years, lots of magnificent private palaces have appeared in Russia. Here you can see another outstanding piece of St. Petersburg modern architecture.
11. Governments are invited to ensure that immigration regulations facilitate the movement of tourists and natural persons involved in the supply of tourism services.
Occupational Group Managers (13 positions (P-3), continuation; 2 positions (P-4), new)
"They include promoting and enhancing information technology awareness and knowledge in the community; increasing the number of people able to use digital-age technology tools; and educating and fostering the correct attitude among the community as regards the ethical use of information," said Mr Wong.
No programmes are indicated in annex VI.A, section IV, and the mission has only one civilian police adviser and two military advisers.
external audit - a periodic or specific-purpose audit conducted by external (independent) qualified accountants;
113. Mr. Diop reported that the meeting considered the criteria for the appointment of the group of experts (i.e., regional representation) and the preparation of the assessment.
In understanding the status of sexual and reproductive health and HIV linkages at the policy, systems and service-delivery levels, over the past two years UNFPA and partners - World Health Organization (WHO), UNAIDS secretariat, International Planned Parenthood Federation, Global Network of People Living with HIV/AIDS, International Community of Women Living with HIV/AIDS and Young Positives - have supported countries in implementing the rapid assessment tool for sexual and reproductive health and HIV linkages to enhance understanding of how to link sexual and reproductive health and HIV, leading to strengthened national capacity to scale up sexual and reproductive health and HIV programmes that are linked.
Subject to the application of Chapter VII, the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the States concerned must, in all cases, be respected.
It presents a rich, expressive language with minimal features.
A film festival showcasing more than 80 documentaries from over 40 countries around the world on North-South relations and cultural diversity will be held from 26 to 30 March 2001.
As it was impossible for the author to take care of two children without any income, she started working in March 2007.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
They constituted an important basis to promote effective national science, technology and innovation systems for sustainable development-driven renewable energy technologies and to formulate regional measures to facilitate the transfer and dissemination of climate-friendly technologies.
It integrates all forms of land ownership to allow communities to enjoy the benefits of natural resources.
The prevalence of racism, xenophobia and other related intolerance would therefore be an indictment of the Organization itself and its Member States.
To that end, the United Nations may consider the need to integrate all relevant existing frameworks in order to create an effective umbrella and mechanism to respond to climate change in the future.
(b) Improved participation, coordination and capacity at the international and national levels for the integrated management of water resources and protection of the marine environment
In the Advisory Committee’s view it will be for the Assembly to decide whether this concept should be applicable under the new contractual arrangements.
This proposal demonstrates our commitment to a fundamental resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue.
Recalling that, pursuant to paragraph 10 of resolution 1970 (2011), Member States are obliged to prohibit the procurement of all arms and related materiel from Libya by their nationals, or using their flagged vessels or aircraft, and whether or not originating in the territory of Libya,
Strategic engagement between the United Nations and the private sector is evolving.
It wished to reiterate its appreciation for the bravery and commitment of all staff who continued to put their lives on the line in the service of the Organization.
Water freezes at the temperature of 0 degree Celsius.
Talk about your specialty or two or three key strengths you have that are relevant to the company's needs.
(iii) PADIS has taken the lead in the region with the introduction and promotion of the use of compatible norms and standards by participating centres; some universities and institutions of higher learning in Africa have incorporated PADIS methodologies in their curricula (para. 34.IV);
57. The Committee regrets that no baseline study or data is available to address the issues of people living in poverty, particularly children living on the outer islands.
The Committee maintains that sustainable efficiency gains can be realized only if the reporting lines within the Department are aligned so as to afford the Under-Secretary-General the authority required to fulfil General Assembly mandates.
110. The Mission notes that the relatively few casualties sustained by civilians inside Israel is due in large part to the precautions put into place by Israel.
28. More recently, the Court has established a very successful Web site on the Internet as well as mirror sites in various universities.
Responsiveness to violations of the human rights of indigenous peoples had increased, but the future work of the Special Rapporteur should focus more on assisting indigenous peoples and States with the development of proposals and programmes of action for advancing their rights.
128. International migration has been gaining relevance in the international agenda.
I have the honour to transmit to you a letter dated 21 July 2000 from the Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs, Information and Broadcasting, of the Republic of Namibia (see annex), concerning allegations contained in the report of the Security Council Panel of Experts dated 10 March 2000 (S/2000/203).
P. Communication No. 1624/2007, Seto Martínez v. Spain
(c) To ensure the effective protection of the right to life of all persons under their jurisdiction and to investigate promptly and thoroughly all killings, including those targeted at specific groups of persons, such as racially motivated violence leading to the death of the victim, killings of members of national, ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities, of refugees, internally displaced persons, migrants, street children or members of indigenous communities, killings of persons for reasons related to their peaceful activities as human rights defenders, lawyers, journalists or demonstrators, killings committed in the name of passion or in the name of honour, all killings committed for any discriminatory reason, including sexual orientation, as well as all other cases where a person's right to life has been violated, and to bring those responsible to justice before a competent, independent and impartial judiciary and to ensure that such killings, including those committed by security forces, police and law enforcement agents, paramilitary groups or private forces, are neither condoned nor sanctioned by State officials or personnel;
They would develop a friendship that, nearly a decade later, would  lead   Rice  to his son.
12. The Third International HOPEFOR Conference will be held in the Dominican Republic in 2013, with the support of the President of the Republic, where the sharing of lessons learned will be fostered.
An improved infrastructure can effectively reduce production cost for the enterprises and enables Hefei to play its role better as a magnetic field to attract more industries to be transferred.
9. Also at its first plenary meeting, the Meeting elected by acclamation the representatives of Honduras, Jordan, Norway and Turkmenistan as Vice-Presidents of the First Meeting in accordance with rule 7 of the Rules of Procedure.
Article 15 - Freedom from torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment
Therefore, it remained vital to explore initiatives to ensure language parity.
The survey, covering 7,118 respondents, showed that people with incomes ranging from 5,000 yuan to 7,000 yuan are the happiest in the city.
Janny has been in the clouds ever since Billy asked her to marry him.
Special Operations Group
(d) A special agreement between CONAE and CNES concerning the inclusion of the CARMEN-1 instrument on board the SAC-D/Aquarius satellite and the use of data was also signed on 17 April;
Addendum*
D. Provisions for potential liabilities and future risks
Apportioned 2009/10 25. The estimated operational requirements for the period from 1 July 2010 to 30 June 2011 amount to $300,057,000, an increase of $64,466,700, or 27.4 per cent, compared with the appropriation for 2009/10.
32. Recommendation no. 21 relates to the removal of remaining barriers and to ensuring that women have access to affordable, effective and rapid means of action, especially through awareness campaigns on the availability of legal remedies against discrimination and the granting of legal aid.
Trees can be trucked to the field in 50 - gallon drums one - third full of water.
The interest rates liberalization is a China reform of monetary system important content.
The programme is financed with funds made available under Act No. 25730 (on Checks), which are administered by the National Advisory Commission.
"Acknowledging that the United Nations congresses on crime prevention and criminal justice, as major intergovernmental forums, have influenced national policies and practices and promoted international cooperation in this field by facilitating the exchange of views and experience, mobilizing public opinion and recommending policy options at the national, regional and international levels,
Monday, 28 September 2009, from 3 to 4.30 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
Such investigation without detention and summary judgments are actively used to handle participants in simple illegal strikes.
It also imposes requirements on Member States to ensure arrangements are in place for the safe recovery and management of orphan sources. It will also help to further enhance effective controls at national level to detect, deter and prevent any illicit trafficking of radioactive sources.
Lists of States parties to the Convention and of those which have made the declaration under article 14 are contained in annex I to the present report, as is a list of the 43 States parties that have accepted the amendments to the Convention adopted at the Fourteenth Meeting of States Parties, as at 15 August 2008.
His vision inspired the millions and millions of people who today constitute the power of humanity and who, as volunteers, serve their fellow human beings across the world.
Question of Cyprus
V. Follow-up actions
The temperature inside the tank is measured by means of three thermocouples, two located in the liquid phase (near the top and bottom) and one in the gas phase.
 8. President Izetbegovic acknowledged that the Muslim-majority Republic was being offered 33.56 per cent.
Hoa Hao 115
As one of the earliest and largest presences on the ground, United Nations peacekeeping often faces international and local expectations to undertake tasks for which it has no mandate or specific expertise.
170. Observer status for the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law in the General Assembly.
These differentials are attributable to de facto situations involving socio-cultural factors and the economic and social position of women.
And some of these restrictions may be outdated, so we're going to be doing a comprehensive review.
The European Union encourages all political parties, for their part, to work together to resolve outstanding issues.
THIRD COMMITTEE 13th meeting
The expert review team shall prepare a draft review report on the national registry within six weeks of the receipt of the comments on the questions posed.
Date of launch
This was a flagrant breach of article 4.15 of the Algiers Peace Agreement, which states: "The parties agree that the delimitation and demarcation determinations of the Commission shall be final and binding.
The improved and effective functioning of the Conference was addressed by delegations in plenary meetings.
Finland asked about and recommended that (a) an efficient follow-up system for the recommendations given by SUHAKAM be developed and that Malaysia take measures to ensure its compliance with the Paris Principles; that Malaysia (b) ratify CRPD and withdraw all of its reservations to CEDAW and CRC as soon as possible; and (c) encouraged Malaysia to sign and ratify the other core international human rights instruments (CAT, CERD, CCPR and CESCR).
Study of conflict between the State and local people over forestry resources in Uganda
Thinking of children early in life or self-centered, they are the face of the world, will take more than adults assimilation means to grasp.
13.7 This vision is comprehensive and forward-looking and sets the frame of the medium-term strategy of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, which is currently being developed.
The present section summarizes patterns and trends relating to selected aspects of non-economic inequality, including health, hunger and malnutrition, and education.
I am talent in cooking tomato with egg.
Language and discussion develop the intellect, she argues.
To increase the efficient usage of available capabilities, interoperability with regional organizations should be improved.
However, the constitutionality of all international treaties is thoroughly reviewed as part of the ratification procedure by the involved authorities.
Having made these points, we wish to express our support for provisions in the Subcommittee report that acknowledge the need for economic stability and diversification in the Territories and the vulnerability of our Territories to natural disasters.
PSC is associated with an increased risk of liver cirrhosis and liver cancer.
We also are making sure we connect up in very high performance ways.
Department for General Assembly and Conference Management
I bid her be cautious lest she got a fall, and she nimbly disappeared
Israel has established a separate infrastructure and complete road networks for those settlers, enabling them to exploit and abuse our natural resources and our water, and to terrorize our people.
9. Additional requirements were primarily the result of increased national staff salaries and entitlements due to the revised salary scale that became effective September 2003.
4. Calls upon the administering Power to take into account the concerns of Saint Helenians with regard to the right to nationality;
Zimbabwe
Removal of barriers to technology development and transfer.
She describes the school back then as an 'elite, sort of WASPy school' but also as a place that was nurturing and a place to grow confidence.
NLC is also a national center of bibliographical records, a national center of digital libraries and a center of R&D in library science, researching and applying modern technologies and playing a leading role in standardization, digitization and networkization in the library community in China.
37. CRC was concerned about provisions permitting corporal punishment against children by their parents and guardians; and that corporal punishment was used at school and social institutions as a "discipline" measure.
52. Institutional capacity-building is only effective if supported by development of national staff skills, which requires a combination of education and training.
The tremendously bright nearby star, Hershel 36, lights the area.
What do I have to do, beat some sense into your dumb heads?
This may be the situation in India, where most workers have few rights, and the few large firms that are established in the formal sector tend to use a lot of labor-saving capital in order to avoid hiring protected workers.
The Secretariat sponsored the travel of three designated national authorities (Sri Lanka, Thailand and Viet Nam).
Schlieren photography
His acting style was to be famous all over the world.
Those meetings provide a forum for the presentation of new and emerging methodologies and also provide an opportunity to discuss developments at the global level.
Clyde,you got three pistols and you only got one arm!
In the framework of inspections, we are having a look at their compliance, and, vice versa, the member States can demonstrate their compliance.
This needs to be repeated since one of the human ways of talking oneself into inhuman acts is to cite the supposed cruelty of nature.
Health care
CHAPTER 11
"14. We are committed to empowering poor women and men to play a full and effective role in their development by enabling them to have a larger voice in decision-making processes, including: resource allocation; promoting mechanisms, including the self-organization of poor people, to influence the market and public policies; and ensuring that poor rural people and their organizations have the opportunity to participate fully in the design, development and implementation of rural development strategies and programmes.
How to better play to the functions of the warp and woof of seed insurance guarantee
The exchange rate of the US dollar against the Japanese yen hit a 12 year low, and the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar has reached a historical high since 2005
6. The situation in theatre remained relatively calm throughout the reporting period, with the entities in substantial compliance with the military provisions of the Peace Agreement.
It ferments and reinforces an environment of mutual distrust, fear and paranoia, " Pongsudhirak stated. "
45. It was so decided.
Last November, results of substance were achieved at the CCW Review Conference under the French presidency.
To eradicate extreme poverty, a programme on young people helping Chile is in operation in 93 locations.
you need to work at it, Grandpa. This bacon is great.
There are many modes of participation.
The representatives of Sweden (on behalf of the European Union), Bulgaria, Greece, Slovenia, Croatia, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Turkey also took part in the discussion.
SAFIRE also indicated that there is an urgent need for more regular and systematic teenage pregnancy prevention campaigns.
IDB.5/Dec.40
30 June 2006
5.has he never been to japani am surprised with it,for his wife is a japanese
So far, the succession in Pyongyang seems to be proceeding in an orderly fashion.
97. The concept of "maximizing the long-term benefits" would need to be further explored if the draft articles were to be transformed into an international legally binding instrument as it includes many vague issues such as "wasteful utilization".
Considering that the articles of the Convention address the fundamental human rights of women in all aspects of their daily lives and in all areas of society and the State,
Chapter III. Basic approaches to security A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.9/Add.1
GROUP OF 77
26. Most Governments emphasized that priority should be given to review processes that are country- and region-based.
These multiple stressors cause anxiety and depression, negatively impacting an individual's ability to cope, resulting in an intergenerational cycle of negative consequences.
As Archer rang the bell, the long tinkle seemed to echo through a mausoleum.
The efforts are supplemented by the following:
Referring to Mali's response to question 11 (CEDAW/C/MLI/Q/2-5/Add.1, p. 11), she asked when the new laws mentioned were expected to be adopted and whether they would deal with all forms of violence, including forced sexual intercourse in marriage.
Head of the Colombian delegation to the tenth special session of the General Assembly of the United Nations devoted to disarmament, New York, 1978
of the offences established in this Convention; (b) Routes and techniques used by persons suspected of involvement in offences established in this Convention, including in transit States, and appropriate countermeasures;
The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m.
Trade can play a part in this by increasing the types of agricultural machinery available to farmers, improving the quality of the machinery as a result of greater competition in the market and stimulating innovation as manufacturers look to garner a larger market share.
www.un.org/en/documents/journal.asp
His Excellency Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Prime Minister of the Republic of India
In addition, the Mission has adopted a more cross-cutting approach to mandate implementation, which is reflected in the pillar structures, results-based-budgeting frameworks and resources.
It has also continued to provide leadership training for women involved in politics at all levels.
(b) The communication sets forth a number of complaints about the procedure applied to Arias Valencia, the following being taken as of particular importance for an appreciation of the arbitrary character of the detention:
On 13 October, FDPC reportedly kidnapped two Polish priests in Baboua parish, in Nana-Mambéré Province, one of whom later escaped.
It emphasized that these children in practice received very little education and were extremely vulnerable, because they depended totally on their religious teacher or marabout.
The three commanders report to the Force Commander who, together with the civilian, logistical and administrative components, acts under the overall direction of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
Accordingly, the Panel finds that the claimant has not provided specific proof that the non-payment was the direct result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait and recommends no compensation for the losses claimed.
Université du Québec à Montréal
handsome  He looked very handsome in his dark suit.
Beijing International Film Festival
3. Since I became a member of the Committee, I have taken the view that the Committee has, of its own volition, incomprehensibly restricted its competence to determine a violation of the Covenant in the absence of a specific legal claim.
 "Meetings of the plenary will be held as required to negotiate outstanding points at that level, in particular during the second week of the session.
:: If so, what records relating to small arms and light weapons are kept by the State (e.g., manufacturing, brokering, import and export licences granted, sales to other States, small arms and light weapons held by State agencies such as the armed forces, etc.)?
The customer are enjoying the interesting of purchase in a comfortable and agreeable environment.
However, most countries do not earmark 4 per cent of their total ODA for population assistance.
Uzbekistan is also cooperating with the special procedures and mechanisms of the Commission on Human Rights and punctually sends replies to its communications on various issues concerning Uzbek nationals and the human rights situation in the country.
4 October 2006
His story of being kidnapped by little green men was sheer absurdity.
Under paragraph 3, the General Assembly would include the agenda item in the provisional agenda of its seventy-second session with a view to considering what form might be given to the articles.
Resumed Fifty-second session
9.6 The Committee notes that in communication No. 1975/2010 the author claims a violation of his rights under article 18 of the Covenant.
(d) Manage a single species with a view to promote understorey diversity;
Messengers, with tidings from unknown skies, greet me and speed along the road.
The second round is planned for late September or early October.
The line is increasingly blurred between criminals and hostile groups and peace spoilers, including extremists with transnational strategies and sophisticated tactics.
The paper is based on research ideas, such as theory, empirical testing, and countermeasure suggestions.
12. Environmentally sound technologies that are easily available and affordable must be prioritized for combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought, notably in Africa.
The President: May I take it that the Assembly also approves the recommendation contained in paragraph 31 regarding the scheduling of observances and commemorative meetings?
In addition, many searches are conducted when women are in their nightgowns in the evening;
64. The primary role of the Electoral Assistance Section is to support the Haitian authorities, in particular the Permanent Electoral Council, in preparing for elections and supporting the development of local capacities necessary for the planning, organization and conduct of elections, through the provision of advice, technical assistance, logistics and security support and the coordination of international stakeholders in the electoral process.
However, the work that we have entrusted to the United Nations is compromised by apathy and inaction by too many of us and by the crippling pursuit of narrow self-interest by a handful of powerful countries.
Besides blowing out of arc principle of arc suppression coil and function principle of compensated electric net are explained.
Lave, R. "Designing Change: Transforming Cultural Attitudes towards the Natural Environment. " 1997.
Now you weren't talking to bryce So that was the easiest way to do it.
Distr.: General
If he can get to the caterpillar, he can get to somewhere more vital.
Refugees from Iraq and Afghanistan alone make up half the world's total.
76. Mexico welcomed the progress achieved in negotiations on a comprehensive and integral international convention to promote and protect the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities.
The interim Government has established a new committee for cantonment management headed by the Minister for Peace and Rehabilitation and including the senior CPN(M) minister, and is committed to making urgent improvements.
52. The project is also sponsoring country studies in Brazil, South Africa and Uzbekistan.
In this regard, the Committee draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendations No. 7 (1985) on legislation to eradicate racial discrimination, No. 15 (1993) on article 4 of the Convention and No. 31 (2005) on the prevention of racial discrimination in the administration and functioning of the criminal justice system.
Exhibitor: Would you like to step up here for a demonstration? We've made improvements since we last did business with you.
IV. Strengthening measures for protection from sexual exploitation and sexual abuse
For the word of the Lord is upright, And all His work is done in faithfulness.
At the conclusion of its current mandate, the Panel could secure only limited information relating to potential sanctions violations committed by the Qadhafi Government.
In the consultations of the whole that followed, Council members expressed their full support to UNAMID and for Mr. Bassolé's efforts as Joint Chief Mediator.
At the same time, a decline has also been noted in unemployment among young people.
 The full maternal and child health impact of these interventions will depend on the provision of tertiary and emergency care, the costs of which should be met by overall health-sector budgets;
The boss made money by buying cheap and selling dear.
303. The Committee encourages the State party to continue to provide human rights education in schools at all levels and to raise awareness about human rights, in particular economic, social and cultural rights, among government officials and the judiciary.
It noted that Tuvalu had given the review process high priority, with the preparation of a comprehensive State report and the input of a number of non-governmental organizations.
(e) Support for the transformation and restructuring of the juridical systems and technical and legal support to the members of the legal profession -- namely, judges and public prosecutors.
1. Adoption of the agenda
Ethiopia believed that the UNDP strategy of support for building national disaster-reduction capacities was quite significant and deserved the full backing of the imitational community.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1518 (2003)
The stakeholders that add most value are sectoral experts.
As the Committee was about to conduct its first dialogue with a State party, she encouraged it to make specific, clear and targeted observations and recommendations.
Eventually they\'d escaped by repairing a leaky canoe
Regarding support for the training programs provided to future female leaders, the National Women's Education Center provides training for the managerial staff of women's facilities and the heads of women's organizations.
The Russian side must also be aware of the contents of the conclusion reached by the OSCE mission after its visit to the environs of Shatili village, which did not reveal the least trace of the alleged presence of Chechen fighters.
States parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention continued to review this issue at OPCW headquarters.
So saying, he held out to the stranger, fully unfolded, the paper which had just travelled from the inn to the town-hall, and from the town-hall to the inn.
The past is the past.
Freedom of Expression and Media Ownership
The Committee continues to be of the opinion that the overview report should consistently be comprehensive on the status of major initiatives being undertaken, including a summary of progress made, time frames for their completion, resource implications and lessons learned during their implementation.
The posterior probability can also be expressed in terms of class-conditional density function and prior probability by the Bayes theorem.
UTAH: Should Utah Revise Sex Ed?
We wish also to express our appreciation to other Governments that, without being a formal part of this Group, have substantially contributed to the advancement of our reconciliation and development.
(Signed) Marjatta RASI Permanent Representative of Finland
1.163 The Office of Staff Legal Assistance was established as part of the Office of Administration of Justice. Its main office is in New York and it has branches in Geneva, Nairobi, Addis Ababa and Beirut.
29. New Zealand has no official measure of adult literacy, but is internationally recognized as having a high level of literacy for both men and women.
Finally, I wish to reiterate that the growing divergences with regard to the contents of the resolution on sustainable fisheries seriously compromise the possibility of its being adopted by consensus at future sessions.
 38. UNDCP should play an increasingly active part in making other governing bodies and their individual representatives more fully seized of the drug problem to ensure that adequate financial and human resources are allocated for the further development and implementation of drug control activities designed in cooperation with UNDCP.
His delegation had some misgivings regarding the peremptory nature of the rule in article 6, paragraph 2, which might be addressed by replacing the words "shall be given" by "may be given".
A. Consequences of corruption 14-19 5
Given the obstacles to travel, the Commission decided to facilitate the process by offering victims the option of submitting their complaint via fax or e-mail.
A record number of Japanese worked them to death last year A record number of Japanese people worked themselves to death last year despite a government campaign to ease the country's notorious office hours
Crucible still the main mineral mud, clay, limestone and so on.
The representative of Antigua and Barbuda introduced the draft resolution, on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Well, I didn't actually see it with my own two eyes, but I'm almost positive it happened.
We shifted the bookcase around.
Without that new 700,000 barrels a day capacity pipeline we would not have that additional oil flowing to the Mediterranean.
Cause: When trying to explain foot and ankle injuries, Price starts at the top of the body.
It is an aggravating factor if nationals of the latter country are employed for that purpose.
(b) Among the outcomes of the UNDP Development and Cultural Diversity Programme, agreement has been reached with the Ministry of Coordination for Cultural and Natural Heritage and CODENPE regarding the provision of technical assistance and the facilitation of opportunities for dialogue to promote institutional innovation in CODENPE for the future National Equality Councils.
Consumer: Well, i take this.
7. Pre-Soviet invasion statistics show that in 1977 Afghanistan had 309 million hectares of land under cultivation and produced 7.7 million tons of grain, almost reaching the level of self-sufficiency, only importing 2,500 tons of grain, mainly as improved cultivation seeds.
However, ongoing discussions from 1989 to 1997 between the Commission and the United States Government on the Commonwealth Agreement did not reach a resolution (see A/AC.109/2000/6, paras. 19-22, A/AC.109/1192, paras. 19-37, and A/AC.109/2018, paras. 74-83).
You can see that this one has names carved into its trunk, but it also records some natural events.
The skaters glided gracefully over the ice.
You'll need this more than me.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Two received assistance in raising resources from bilateral donors and one did not.
Unless the elder brother is very sickly, I suppose you would not ask above fifty thousand pounds.
Its national standards, procedures and guidelines for all aspects of its implementation of joint implementation and the timelines in which decisions are to be taken by the designated focal point;
The chinese people usually give gifts in pairs ,as odd numbers are regarded as ominous
32. The Committee recommends that the State party take steps to ensure de facto equal access of girls and young women to all levels of education, overcome traditional attitudes hampering women and girls in their full enjoyment of their right to education and retain girls in schools and strengthen the implementation of re-entry policies enabling young women to return to school after pregnancy in all districts.
Recognizing that gender inequalities begin early in life and can render women and the girl child unable to protect their sexual and reproductive health, thus increasing their risk and vulnerability to HIV infection,
4. Recommends the following draft resolution to the General Assembly for adoption:
In early stages of design, pretend the interface is magic.
340. Every citizen of Uzbekistan has a constitutional right to receive skilled medical care. All citizens have the opportunity to avail themselves of professional medical treatment in institutions of the public health service and private establishments.
However, the Committee managed to adopt without a vote a decision not to recommend the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly.
In addition, we should be wary of overextending ourselves.
5. While the Ouagadougou Peace Agreement does not make direct reference to children or to the protection of civilians, the United Nations must advocate to ensure that issues concerning children will be taken into full consideration throughout the implementation of the peace process and in the post-conflict recovery and reconstruction phases, as explicitly requested by the Security Council in its resolution 1765 (2007) on Côte d'Ivoire and its resolutions 1460 (2003) and 1539 (2004) on children and armed conflict.
Several plant breeding texts describe the classical methods in detail.
Can you remember the brand or product on the internet advertisement that you recently see?
Heavily armed police blocked the roads leading to Daw Aung San Suu Kyi's house, some of them reportedly entering the compound and taking away her maid, and the Government issued a statement ordering her not to leave her house for three days.
" The broad masses of slaves and serfs did not have any personal freedom, and even their right to life was not guaranteed.
Cadmium sulfide
However, by resolution 56/272 of 27 March 2002, the General Assembly decided to "set at a level of one United States dollar per year all honorariums currently payable on an exceptional basis to the members" of all relevant organs, including the INCB.
(Signed) Zalmay Khalilzad
The Division continues to maintain and develop the Audiovisual Library of International Law with the addition of new lectures and historic audiovisual materials, subject to available resources.
The Civil Society Forum attracted 1,500 participants from 270 organizations representing women's movements, youth movements, trade unions, peasant federations, media and human rights defenders.
Over 50 countries attended this meeting as well as representatives from NGO's, some international organizations as well as the IAEA in Vienna.
President of the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC)
Legislative measures conferring legal title to those living in the "illegal" sector;
Héctor Bellerín
 Specific activities include accreditation of the UNRWA Education Sciences Facility, the introduction of uniform examinations for community colleges and the joint revision of a study plan for vocational training.
Many lawyers still advise businesses to follow EEOC guidelines by keeping policies as narrow as possible.
Reiterating the call for fair globalization and the need to translate growth into eradication of poverty, including for rural women, and in this regard applauding the resolve to make the goals of full and productive employment and decent work for all, including for rural women, a central objective of relevant national and international policies as well as national development strategies, including poverty eradication strategies,
Through the wind, missing in the slide between Zhifeng, searching all over Qianshanwanshui, remains in the blood.
It was determined, however, that such an option was unrealistic and in any event would give rise to a number of concerns such as quality control, adherence to deadlines and the enforceability of the terms and conditions of the agreement.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations, regular session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 3 (II) and 1296 (XLIV) and decisions 1995/304 and 1997/297]
Military coup d'etat has always been treated as an important topic in both the areas of political development and democratization.
It had expressed its appreciation to national correspondents and other contributors; encouraged the Secretariat to continue its efforts to extend the composition and vitality of the network; and supported a call for increased resources to support and enlarge that work.
Preignac
Mass segregation
In the event that they were arrested for criminal offences, they would be detained in a special area, separated from other detainees.
of Argentina to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Soul Suspect
In the formal outcome document of the meeting, they adopted the texts of five previous agreements as reference instruments for the Joint Political and Security Mechanism.
He's overloaded with responsibilities.
We were all deeply disturbed when we heard the news.I'm deeply grateful for the advice you gave me.
8. Cross border M&A purchases by firms headquartered in the
Normally my Family Day articles are about spending time with your kids, but today we'll talk about another important aspect of families: couples.
The incidence of human trafficking during the period under question has increased more than six times.
The reindeer husbandry area covers 40 per cent of the entire surface area of Finland, Norway and Sweden, and the number of reindeer is over 700,000.
Further, by working towards set objectives in each meeting, we are able manage the length of each meeting and minimize unfocused and off-topic feedback. Focusing discussion on particular decisions also helps clients be more specific in their feedback, and helps to ensure that designers leave the collaborative sessions with clearly actionable direction.
Specifically, the secretariat, in valuing the claimant's claim for D4 (motor vehicle) losses, entered an incorrect amount in the valuation worksheet for the claim.
 Highest paid civil service Under the application of the Noblemaire principle, salaries of United Nations staff in the Professional and higher categories are based on those of the highest paid civil service, currently the United States federal civil service.
It ought to be able to tackle this work, but, after well over a decade of inaction, new approaches may be called for.
It had also worked extensively with other regional offices to launch, in Barbados, the regional UNiTE to End Violence against Women campaign.
.Shut it. Shut your mouth or you can say stop talking, shut up!.
In the Confucian tradition, paternalism has been a pillar for the management of Japanese enterprises.
6. Outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Captain Price: Good work Soap. Everyone on me, let's move out.
Specific examples of success stories would be welcome.
12. UNIDO has been actively involved in the UNDAF process.
suburb of Beirut
Payet and his accomplices then fled the scene and the pilot was released unharmed.
In considering the meanings of section 12 (7) of the IAA, the High Court noted that the purpose of MAL 9 was to declare the compatibility between arbitrating the substantive dispute and seeking assistance from the courts for interim protective measures, and thus had no bearing on the meaning and effect of a domestic law providing for interim measures, such as section 12 (7) of IAA.
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.56: Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa
But Indians’ equanimity about the past does not annul what was done.
This Program aims at strengthening and making known the economy of solidarity by means of integrated policies to generate employment and income with social inclusion.
9 February
58. Some Member States which sponsored the establishment of special international days have sought the support of the United Nations information centres to commemorate the observance.
2. Is there a definition of discrimination against women in the Constitution or in other national laws that is compatible with that in article 1 of the Convention?
Undoubtedly, the positions of various delegations need to be taken into account in negotiating a legal instrument, which involves issues of political and legal complexity.
Water policy and strategy of the United Nations Environment Programme
These will be defined on an ongoing basis in conjunction with the most representative associations acting on behalf of the blind, and with the local institutional bodies.
(d) Support regional and subregional integration processes and promote the negotiations on agreements with the European Union;
He and his wife showed me around KL and also some other nice areas such as the treetop walk in the jungle which I really liked.
Original: English
Page
102.74. Maintain protection of the right to life from conception to natural death (Holy See);
[4] As the ceremony begins, the groom and his attendants stand with the minister, facing the audience.
Gustav is bearing down on the Gulf of Mexico, which accounts for about 1.4 million barrels a day of oil production, and possibly Louisiana, home to 17% of U.S. refining capacity.
(b) Formulate guidelines for enterprise and union policy;
In establishing the programme, the Bureau had taken account of the proposals made by the regional groups.
Committee of Experts on Environmental-Economic Accounting
Switzerland therefore hopes that we will set ambitious goals for ourselves in the second phase of the Kyoto Protocol.
Metropolis
The NPT review process serves as an important opportunity to assess progress in implementing global nuclear non-proliferation norms.
2010 United States Senate Democratic primary election in Pennsylvania
Rome: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
The inhabitants of the villages ceased, they ceased in Israel, until that I Deborah arose, that I arose a mother in Israel.
39. The Committee commends the State party for the high quality of health services for its citizens and appreciates the information related to pregnancy care.
As a special sign of encouragement, we'll consider accepting payment by D/P at this sales-purchasing stage.
There was an exchange of data on the volume of ship scrapping and market characteristics.
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
Is there an obligation on an international organization to protect its agents?
This means nothing too flashy, too provocative,toocasual, too tight or too revealing.
In August, the World Bank reported that 1.5 billion persons are living on less than $1.25 per day.
UNICEF will continue to stay vigilant regarding HACT so that resources are used to achieve the greatest impact possible for children.
 12. The Human Rights Committee stated that since its first session in March 1977, it has considered a large number of States parties' reports and individual communications.
He was 18 years old and he could die anytime.
Governing Council decisions
Yet despite the statistics, the world around us can hardly be characterized as a safer place to live.
While still in a position of pricing power, steelmakers are concerned that over time, their high prices will affect sales.
62. While noting that the State party introduced an HIV prevention policy in 2006 regarding adolescents and a protection policy for children orphaned by HIV/AIDS, it is concerned at the lack of implementation of these policies through the National System for Protection of Children and Adolescents.
Bratislavskaya
In 2009, the secretariat of the Pacific Community held workshops in areas ranging from safety at sea for artisanal fishers to training for fisheries observers for tuna fishing vessels operating in the west-central Pacific Ocean (see also para. 211 below).
Non-governmental organizations will be allowed to speak, with geographical location being taken into consideration.
Does that mean that most members of our society should go to jail
Ben Lambert, the famous French singer, is taking a long vacation this Summer!
Unfortunately, their interpretation of what this means is rather different and dictated by the singular nature of their national debates.
111. All conclusions and recommendations contained in the present report reflect the position of the submitting States and the State under review.
As Macron’s victory has shown, the European elections of 2017 may benefit from such forewarnings.
It was further stressed that protection needs and measures should be identified based on science and that measures should not hamper the freedom of navigation and of scientific research.
If your female secretary is elderly, or even if not, use the appropriate title(Miss, Mrs, or Ms.) 9.Show small courtesies15.
Generally, the cluster's network identity is rarely used in the administration of a clustered mailbox server.
The cost is estimated at B117,019.13 per year to be funded by a national (INAFORP) contribution of B63,000 and an external (EU) contribution of B54,019.13.
That young man tries to project himself in order to make a good impression on the new boss.
Bouillancourt-la-Bataille
1. Requests the Secretariat to continue its collaboration with the secretariat of the African Ministerial Conference on the Environment and the secretariat of the New Partnership for Africa's Development with a view to strengthening the development of concerted approaches for the further implementation in Africa of the Basel Declaration on Environmentally Sound Management and the Strategic Plan for the implementation of the Basel Convention;
Report of the Second Committee*
Category 1 - Materials, Chemicals, Microorganisms and Toxins
Since the time of writing of the secretariat's report, implementation plans had been completed and local implementation bodies identified for all eight countries currently involved.
You can turn the rule on any time later by selecting its check box.
Marx was not the first person to try to describe what was wrong with society.
30. The social aspect of employment policy falls within the purview of the Ministry of Labour; the main functions of the General Directorate of Employment relating to the social regime are:
Legal psychoactive substances
-- CIS Convention on the Extradition of Indicted Criminal for the Service of the Sentence, 1998.
The level of protection provided to workers should correspond to the level of the risk to which they are exposed.
Role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, in light of relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolution 61/16
The study contradicts a study earlier this year from researchers at the Mayo Clinic who found that 300 tests over a five-month period turned up no noticeable interference with important hospital equipment due to regular mobile phone use.
6. My message is clear: we will rise or fall together depending on the effectiveness of our common response.
Sulawesi cicadabird
2. Injury includes any damage, whether material or moral, caused by the internationally wrongful act of an international organization.
Make sure that financing of population-related policies and actions is conceived through a coherent approach taking into account the various factors and actors;
(a) Improved quality of investigations that contribute to the Organization's ability to ensure individual accountability
First meeting
3 - 6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Security rights in negotiable instruments (A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.26/Add.2)
[6] I gave him a weak smile and said good night.
A flowchart uses standard graphical symbols to represent the logical flow of data through a module.
Both sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
You keep hitting it and going after it, and little-by-little your life becomes a masterpiece of God's grace.
 9. The Fifth Committee considered the question of decentralization of activities and resources in the fields of natural resources and energy at its 67th and 68th meetings, on 13 and 21 June.
They were working on the Emperor's new clothes.
6. Notes that, in the context of paragraph 4 (c) above, the Legal Subcommittee would implement the work plan that it adopted at its thirty-sixth session;See A/AC.105/674, annex II.B.
Pursuant to article 50, paragraph 2, written authorization from the public prosecutor is needed and custody cannot be extended by more than 48 hours.
SUPREME COURT OF JUSTICE
(Federal Republic of Germany)
2. The present report is submitted pursuant to that request.
The Secretary-General established the Special Account in 1965.
VII. Custody of Children
One legal (electoral law) officer, one public outreach/civic education coordinator and one training officer (national officers).
Led by UNIFEM, a joint programme was developed with UNDP, UNFPA, and UNICEF to support the multi-faceted mission of the National Council for Women.
249. Microfinance organizations vary in terms of the services they offer.
Paragraphs 3 and 4 commended to the attention of Governments the articles on the prevention of transboundary harm from hazardous activities and the principles on the allocation of loss in the case of transboundary harm without prejudice to any future action recommended by the International Law Commission.
The Government also gave grants to a number of non-governmental organizations which provided services in that respect.
The Ethiopian government wishes to underline the fact that not being able to accept for the time being some recommendations are not necessary reservations or policy pronouncements cast in stone.
That reference needed also to cover conflicts in which only organized armed groups were engaged, regardless of whether they exercised control over territory.
It is much too early for a verdict on Bush’s second term policies.
British Columbia Parliament Buildings
This story is just made up, there is no historical evidence.
It welcomed international progress in advancing the rights of indigenous peoples and supported the World Conference.
32. As stated in the last progress report on strengthening accountability, increased attention to oversight issues and monitoring of recommendations has resulted in a positive trend in the implementation of recommendations in the Secretariat: within three years of their issuance, approximately 95 per cent of OIOS and the Board of Auditors recommendations have been implemented or are not being monitored because they have been overtaken by events.
It was weeks later that some American journalists told me that it had been an atom bomb.
According to official statistics, in 2013 the share of death sentences relating to illicit and narcotic drugs was 80 per cent.
These treatments also useful for centrifugation and sedimentation.
33. Ahmad Sadr Lahijani, aged 35, a member of the People's Mojahedin Organization of Iran, was killed on 29 May 1994 in Ghalebieh, Iraq.
There ain't no sense in it; go for the steam ferry.
In addition, it stated that the Kenya Women Finance Trust and the Kenya Rural Enterprise, which did offer credit to women, lacked sufficient resources.
The Prosecutor confirmed that the accused had cooperated with the Prosecution to a significant extent and had provided useful information, but, owing to the gravity of the crimes committed and the position of authority held by Jean Kambanda as Head of State, the Prosecutor asked for a sentence of life imprisonment.
 If any doubts should remain on this matter, one can consult the 19 July 1992 issue of El Nuevo Herald of Miami and see the photo of a Brothers to the Rescue aeroplane still bearing the initials of the United States Air Force.
Resolution 23/19
This catalog consists of a collection of design solutions specifically related to the realization of service-orientation.
Chapter 3 Trends in total greenhouse gas emissions
UNDP integration of gender equality is intended to ensure not only that mainstreaming takes place in all areas of operations and programming, but that real progress is made in supporting countries in reducing gender inequalities and improving the lives of women.
28. The BiH authorities, together with representatives of non-governmental sector, have taken a series of activities on analyzing the existing laws in order to ensure adequate protection of women and children according to international standards.
It was reported that IDF troops dispersed the Palestinians with tear gas and rubber bullets.
The Council welcomes the considerable progress that has been made by TimorLeste in strengthening institutional and human resources capacities of State institutions, including in the security, justice and governance sectors, which play crucial roles in safeguarding stability and promoting democracy.
Fifth Committee
Note by the secretariat
It is known to be harmless.
90. The management responded that a solution has already been developed by PSM/BSS.
A person`s economic conditon perhaps decide you have to accept the job that have much gap with ideal job.
Report of Germany to the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1591 (2005) concerning the Sudan on the implementation of measures imposed by resolutions 1591 (2005) and 1556 (2004)
2. Regional commissions
45 268 (ICSU)
The composition of such institutions should be reviewed periodically to ensure that they are representative of the diverse minority groups present in society, while good practices aimed at increasing the representation and participation of minorities should be applied where required.
Roosevelt
All of a sudden, winter is here.
Industry: Auto Test Equipment; Universal testing machine; Chromatography; Spectrometer; Spectrometer, photometer; Textile machines;
Member of the Panamanian delegation to the inauguration of President Romulo Betancourt, Venezuela, 1958.
Changlidi Yangko has a distinct character from form to content.
96. Gender equality and the empowerment of women were not only goals in their own right but also an essential means to achieve all the Millennium Development Goals.
Namely, According to article 142 of the Criminal Code, "Violation of equality of humans due to their race, color of skin, language, sex, religious belonging or confession, political or other opinion, national, ethnic, social, rank or public association belonging, origin, place of residence or material condition that has substantially prejudiced human rights, - shall be punishable by fine or by corrective labor for the term not exceeding one year or by imprisonment for up to two years in length.
There you go. just try and relax.
(c) Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing;
Resolution 53/1 Promoting community-based drug use prevention
Date of birth: 1944.
In the framework of these agreements, clauses have been negotiated to encourage respect for, promote and guarantee human rights.
Our brains need washing and regular maintenance as well!
The Control Centre road map covering outstanding functions was endorsed by the Regional Service Centre-Entebbe Steering Committee in January 2013.
Furthermore, under the said Program, in the last year there has been training organized for personnel of the Ministry of the Interior, while in the context of applying a more professional approach to the work on cases in this area, a Department against trafficking in Human Beings and other violent crime has been established within the Organized Crime Section.
ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
We can do it, and we must do it: by increasing our support to the efforts by the developing countries, by involving women fully in our noble undertaking based on gender equality, by reducing barriers to trade, by promoting investment and social development and by mobilizing business and civil society in both rich and poor countries in the war on poverty.
Sometimes Good shit happens.
chains attached to wheels to increase traction on ice or snow.
The open-ended informal consultative process on oceans and the law of the sea is intended to facilitate debates in the General Assembly.
111. The Council considered item 11 (Economic and social repercussions of the Israeli occupation on the living conditions of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan) jointly with items 9 (Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations) and 10 (Regional cooperation) at its 44th meeting, on 25 July, and at its 47th meeting, on 26 July.
Technical studies are under way, based on a literature review and on discussions with key stakeholders and with victims. They will be supplemented by consultation with such countries as Morocco, which is making progress in this field.
As instructed by the Assembly of the African Union at its Sixth Ordinary Session in the Sudanese Capital, Khartoum, on 23 and 24 January 2006, the Committee of Seven chaired by Botswana and composed of the Gabon, Zimbabwe, Burkina Faso, Djibouti, Tanzania, Egypt, held its meetings and concluded the following:
The Chairman of the First Committee made a statement.
 13. No provision was made under this heading.
In any event, infrastructure improvements do not seem to go beyond reactive, low-level support.
Developing countries agreed to take responsibility for their own economic progress through good governance, sound policies and the rule of law.
Decreasing the operational readiness of nuclear weapons systems can be one such concrete measure, provided that all nuclear Powers are effectively on board.
Specialists and connoisseurs regard the Kashmir colour with its velvety shine as the most beautiful and most valuable blue.
I feel too alive in this row of moribund girls with their eyes half open.
Royal New Zealand Air Force
309. A perimeter mesh fence topped with concertina wire has been installed to strengthen security and prevent escape attempts.
(e) Reiterated the willingness of Chadian authorities to cooperate with the Working Group, the United Nations and its funds and programmes and the specialized agencies, in order to demobilize and reintegrate children released from armed forces and groups.
In such cases, however, the Committee may wish to ensure that the dialogue between it and the State party is sustained by requiring a report in less than four years as it is entitled to do within article 18, paragraph 1.
(d) Take steps to mobilize resources to carry out these activities.
s cross the bridge when we come to it.
 The Council's record over the past year represents a transition.
Additional coverage will increase the cost.
Burmester Dome
1 February 2003
Why the ECB Should Buy American
 2. The provisional agenda for the Joint Meetings (E/1993/120) was adopted; it contained the following item: Results of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and their implications for the United Nations system.
(f) To devise, enforce and strengthen effective gender- and age-sensitive measures to combat and eliminate all forms of trafficking, especially in women and children, including for sexual and labour exploitation, as part of a comprehensive anti-trafficking strategy that integrates a human rights perspective, and to draw up, as appropriate, national plans of action in this regard;
Enhancing international trade from landlocked developing countries and transit developing countries is crucial for their development.
A wild gleam came into the judge's eye. "You are a school teacher, eh?
`Mustn't we get up?
Oh it's a fantastic day for a garden party. I adore it when the sun shines.
Midori Kaguka Co., Ltd. (Japan)
In work research papers must be spelled correctly and re typed several times.
Weak labor markets, low inflation, and debt overhang suggest that a fundamental re-ordering of priorities is in order.
Giovanni Greco
It is reiterated that new mandates could be implemented within the existing budget appropriation only if the Assembly were to decide which existing programmes should be terminated or eliminated from the regular budget.
The negligence of the previous 10 years had caused widespread dilapidation in the coalmines, the power plants and the distribution network.
Commonwealth of Independent States
They remain as world literature.
Address and combat Third World poverty and underdevelopment, convene an international conference to address it.
I played rugby football for the college.
I figured you'd want to have a listen for yourself.
We now have a community where kids and adults can go to the park unmolested.
Wielding its growing influence, the PTI threatened to call its young supporters into the streets if the Sharif family’s financial dealings were not properly investigated.
It therefore upheld the author's conviction on the charge of membership of an armed group.
We will be in unfavourable position to face invaders unless we prepare carefully in every way.
Table A.1
A port unit is evolving in Djibouti, and the provision of training and equipment will be completed in early 2001.
In the present case, the author lived in China, her country of origin until the age of 13.
29. Notes the use by the Secretary-General of temporary vacancy announcements to address the issue of lengthy recruitment processes, stresses the need to expedite the filling of vacancies through the regular recruitment process, and requests the Secretary-General to provide information on the impact of using temporary vacancy announcements on the regular recruitment process in the field and at Headquarters in the context of his next overview report on peacekeeping operations;
She started to leave the room but accidentally dropped the little golden key in the pool of blood.
Table 2.
You know, as manager of the team I really think you should be a part of the team.
Schülldorf
Interest in collectibles has increased enormously during the past decade, in part because some collectibles have   demonstrated  their value as investments.
HIV/AIDS has affected a growing number of women, and has increased their responsibilities for caring for the chronically ill and for HIV/AIDS orphans, which limits their ability to work outside the home or to engage in income-generating activities.
sorry,give me a second.i've got a call waiting.
Adapts with this, should from the society, the morals, the culture, the economy, legal each angle inspect the change which this reform causes, and causes it to adapt this change request.
Don't move those flower pots back and froth.
Today, my parents won't stop bragging about how my sister is dating the captain of her high school football team.
Lastly, the United Nations should play a central leading role in the field of development.
She has made an enormous step forward in the negotiations, and I am sure that when they have read the report carefully members of the Commission will be very grateful to her.
The seller was entitled to interest (article 78 CISG), determined according to Dutch law.
It will also eventually become the busiest airport in the world, based on passenger volume
Popularization of Subsection Integral Method --Derivation and Integral, Subsection Integral Method
Percentage of Installed Capacity
Somalia
You guys see that guy's face when Lily asked him what it was?
The facilities visited were located in Yerevan, Aboviyan, Artik, Goris, Sevan and Vanadzor.
C. Jurisdiction of the Extraordinary Chambers
The champion is leading by eighteen seconds.
Finance Assistant post converted from Field Service to a National Professional Officer post of Associate Finance Officer
It was indeed, first gentleman said, beautiful weather.
I mean, Wilhelmina always has such strong opinions, and I always back down.  -Well, I'm sure she likes that.
This strategy and the incentives offered to encourage democratic relationships within the family have made it possible for matters such as money management to be dealt with mostly on a shared basis between couples.
They can also make cool and refreshing ice cream, popsicles and red bean soup.
 For the final text, see Council decision 1993/310.
And, I think they're the ones that probably had it the hardest over the last three years
(f) Make the necessary arrangements with other national and international organizations for the utilization of the services offered by the Institute, it being understood that arrangements with national organizations will be made with the approval of the Governments concerned.
132. The Canadian Immigration and Refugee Board (IRB) issued Guidelines on Child Refugee Claimants to respond to the special needs of children appearing before the IRB.
鈥淧eople know more or less where tourists go, but you could never tell the density before,鈥?says Mr Ratti.
Note by the Secretary-General
It’s not fair to my marriage, my ongoing success, and the sustainability of how I live.
As has been Tribunal practice, and in order to optimize efficiency and reduce costs, administrative sessions of the Tribunal will be held as far as possible in conjunction with judicial proceedings before the Tribunal.
College of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering Peking University;
It's hard to make children do  what's good for them when they've got other ideas.
14.43 (b) (ii)
A distinction needs to be made between the impact of geographical constraints on hosting FDI, and economic and institutional obstacles that have an adverse effect on the attractiveness of these countries for FDI flows.
Statements in the exercise of the right of reply were made by the representatives of Chile, the United Kingdom and Argentina.
Time-Cost Trade-Off of Construction Project based on Ant Colony Algorithm
Paragraph 18: To ensure that all women, including rural women, who are victims of domestic violence have access to immediate means of redress and protection, including protection orders, and access to a sufficient number of safe shelters, as well as legal aid
Alwin Zecha is the Chief Executive Chairman of Pacific Leisure Group, which is also the representative of MGTO in Thailand.
On 22 March, the members of the Council had an exchange of views following the assassination of the spiritual leader of Hamas, Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, and decided to continue their discussions at the expert level.
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. managers
Some states have an income tax similar to that of the federal government.
Last semester, he didn't study hard, so he did not do well in the exam.
(d) Drugs and drug use statistics;
Recognizing the specific problem of foreign women prisoners, who were particularly disadvantaged for a number of reasons, such as that they usually received fewer family visits and less support from relatives and might have difficulties in understanding the language or adapting to the culture, and that women with children or care duties for elderly or disabled relatives could be in a more difficult situation as they might be unaware of what is happening to their families while they were awaiting trial or serving a sentence abroad, the Meeting recommended that Member States should develop policy guidance, as appropriate, on how to deal with such cases in line with the Bangkok Rules.
Contribution of Soil Nutrient in Abandoned Lands to Vegetation Restoration in Hilly and Gully Regions on the Loess Plateau
"Recalling its resolutions 44/236 of 22 December 1989, 49/22 A of 2 December 1994, 49/22 B of 20 December 1994, 53/185 of 15 December 1998, 54/219 of 22 December 1999, 56/195 of 21 December 2001, 57/256 of 20 December 2002, 58/214 of 23 December 2003, 59/231 of 22 December 2004, 60/195 of 22 December 2005, 61/198 of 20 December 2006, 62/192 of 19 December 2007 and 63/216 of 19 December 2008 and Economic and Social Council resolutions 1999/63 of 30 July 1999 and 2001/35 of 26 July 2001, and taking into consideration its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Au Lok Man
Vessels of every kind, whatever their flag, their character, their cargo, their destination, their errand, have been ruthlessly sent to the bottom without warning and without thought of help or mercy for those on board, the vessels of friendly neutrals along with those of belligerents.
Am I sorry that we ruined your afternoon off?
The restraint of the Chinese fans was remarkable given the emotional and political passions that imbue the sport in this country.
He is a energetic tennis player.
The bright red and green of holly symbolizes rebirth
In the meeting of the North Atlantic Council at the summit, the Heads of State and Government issued a "Declaration on alliance security", reaffirming that NATO will continue to play its part in reinforcing arms control and promoting nuclear and conventional disarmament.
The open economy has developed swiftly.Trade in commodities and services and capital flow have grown markedly.
It is alleged that, after 18 days of hunger strike, Mrs. Wei was sent to the Masanjia labour camp where she was exposed to fresh torture and ill-treatment.
Institute of Cultural Affairs International
For UNFPA, these results would include, for instance, the numbers of pregnant women who no longer die during childbirth, and a reduction in the frequency of gender-based violence.
And the outlook for developing countries is dire; for example, by 2030, NCDs are expected to cause more deaths in Africa than communicable, maternal, and nutritional illnesses combined.
Financial viability of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research
Agenda item 18: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
He tried to solve his debt problems.
A cumulative pension is paid to persons who have reached pensionable age and have a pension pot.
Vacancy/delayed deployment rate (percentage)
Yes, it's just a slight virus infection.
33. In order to prevent a recurrence, the Administration has reduced the maximum level of mobilization advance payable from 40 per cent to 10 per cent.
50. Across Africa, consumers, businesses and government are rapidly embracing innovations in information and communications technology, with an estimated 635 million mobile subscriptions in sub-Saharan Africa by the end of 2014.
I hope we can spend the holidays together.
Often teams like to have their own branches to avoid having partially complete stories causing interference between teams.
I want to fly a kite in the park.
She needs an umbrella.
Although R&D is becoming more international, there is no international funding mechanism and there is limited coordination for such activities;
#8943;#8943; Jim: Look at that one!
The stigmatization of young Afro-Guyanese males and entire African communities was a serious concern.
 29. On 25 September 1995, at 0750 hours, 19 Iraqi troops were observed restoring a bunker near the geographical coordinates of NC 400-030 on the map of Khosravi, in no man's land west of border pillar 53/2.
 (b) Budgetary control: issuance of allotments and staffing table authorizations; review of monthly statements of expenditures for all peace-keeping operations and the support account for peace-keeping operations, and for activities related to Security Council resolution 687 (1991);
9.6 Having found that a violation of article 18 of the Covenant has occurred, the Committee will not consider the complaint stemming from the claim of a separate violation of the right to non-discrimination under articles 2 and 26 of the Covenant.
7. The Conference reaffirms that the right of withdrawal is established in the provisions of the Non-Proliferation Treaty and other relevant international law.
Time pressure or other stressors can reduce the capacity of working memory to three or four chunks, even for the expert.
They are well-fed, lusty stallions, each neighing for another man's wife.
(h) Crime statistics.
 Finally, the holding in this subparagraph is a step in the reasoning; it does not properly form part of the Court's reply to the General Assembly's question.
Women have a longer life expectancy than men.
16. The Committee notes the absence of temporary special measures, except at the local government level, to accelerate the achievement of substantive equality between men and women in all areas under the Convention.
Part of that work included a series of competition seminars and workshops organized by UNCTAD in his country.
Why did you come home so lateyou did notcome home until 2 o'clock
All States have extended the reporting obligation to include terrorist financing, but some States still need to extend the reporting obligation to include relevant non-financial businesses and professionals such as lawyers, accountants, trust and company service providers, real estate professionals, and dealers in precious metals and stones.
Would you let me off the bus at the next stop,  please   ?
The earthquake reaction of the structure was studied.
The High Commissioner's strategic management plan for the current 2008-2009 biennium outlines four broad goals:
Mr. GIACOMELLI (interpretation from French): I shall now read out a message from the Secretary-General.
82. With the assistance of the Management Consulting Section of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, the Publishing Section is carrying out a project aimed at enhancing its services, making clients more aware of the advantages of existing inhouse printing and distribution services, thus increasing the number of pages processed and reducing unit costs.
She is disloyal to her husband.
The keyboard is hidden inside a , washable tablecloth
These statements informed the Conference of progress made both in the implementation and the monitoring of the Convention since the last session.
8. Regarding the emerging issues and the core topics in censuses, the experts made the following recommendations:
China holds its athletes to strict standards of conduct in the run-up to the Olympic Games.
MBTOC is requested to develop and keep up to date an expanded matrix describing the conditions under which alternatives are technically and economically feasible.
She didn't get a single call back to a second interview when she wore the boots.
68. Strengthen measures, including through international dialogue and cooperation, to combat human trafficking and provide appropriate assistance to victims of trafficking (Philippines);
Noting that the developing countries that have continued, at great cost to themselves, to meet their international debt and debt-service obligations in a timely fashion have done so despite serious external and domestic financial constraints,
(a) Be free to use the model(s) and/or approach(es) they are most familiar with and which, in their view, provide the most accurate results;
Collected data should include the types of stakeholders involved:
(Agenda item 4)
Viceroy of the Three Northeast Provinces
I hope that the meeting will not take too long. It will waste time.
We agree with its accurate analysis of the current situation of the world, plunged into an acute economic and financial crisis with devastating effects for all countries, in particular for the developing nations, which, although not responsible for it, are the ones to suffer most from its disastrous consequences.
A man may not be on top of his form, but he can still be useful.
V.37 The Advisory Committee was informed that ESCAP had restructured its programme of work for the biennium 2010-2011 in order to sharpen the focus and relevance of its work, to achieve greater depth and results and to enhance its visibility in the Asia-Pacific region.
Don't you understand! This is what she wanted me to see.
The idea of Trump, advised by Farage, using Churchill’s bronze head as a totem would have filled the old man with horror.
The Sant Nirankari Mandal has always been engaged in making people aware of the Eternal Truth and that it is the living revelation of the existence of the all-pervading God.
The specific target of the immune response in rheumatoid arthritis is filaggrin.
Except for the applying the final dressings, the operation is complete.
If you are reticent to begin using namespaces, consider upgrading your IDE and try out namespaces with a bit of help from your favorite IDE.
Thus the International Year of Human Rights Learning will further humanize relations within society at all levels and, in particular, will give globalization a more human face.
That includes conceptual work on definitions of industry or activity groupings, as well as indications of what degree of change is still acceptable in participating countries.
(a) Improved organizational and procedural aspects of meetings servicing as well as enhanced substantive and technical secretariat support to the Member States and other participants at the mandated meetings
Subject every proposal to one test -- profitability.
We also are tracking shopping basket-specific data for each and every trip for each and every shopper over time.
No gender-based violence, including enforced disappearances against women, can be justified and States should take effective measures to prevent such violations.
7 For the letter of commitment and the plan see: http://www.oecd.org/pdf/M00027000/ M00027080.pdf.
In every case of a missing person, the law enforcement agencies launch an investigation and take steps to establish the whereabouts of the person concerned, within 10 days of being notified of the disappearance.
(d) (i) Increased percentage of payments that are processed and transactions recorded within 30 days of receipt of all appropriate documents
The Committee further recommends that the State party introduce budget tracking from a child-rights perspective and regularly conduct child-rights impact assessment to evaluate whether the allocation of budget is sufficient and adequate for the development of policies and the implementation of legislation.
Video game companies established in 2000
Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971
A nice skinny dip in a quiet glade takes you back to nature.
However, that is borrowing trouble.
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices.
Results: The aim of the project was expanding employment opportunities for people with disabilities and increasing their employment through rehabilitation, social security, creating and developing a network between the labour market system and vocational educational centres in order to provide rehabilitation services, labour market measures and workplace adjustment services for people with disabilities.
13. The High Commissioner also addressed the Committee at its 1287th meeting (fifty—third session), on 11 August 1998. She noted with interest the Committee's request to meet periodically in New York.
These export options enable you to start with Blueprint, then later determine the best runtime for your particular project.
Many States parties had criminalized embezzlement in the private sector.
VIP flight
For example, although the prices of food commodities reached historical peaks in 2007-2008, food-aid volumes in those years reached their lowest level since the early 1970s, further illustrating the inverse relationship between food-aid volumes and world prices that typifies food-aid shipments.
Republic of Moldova
As requested in paragraph 7 of resolution 1566 (2004), the Committee has continued its work to develop a set of best practices to assist States in implementing the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001), including in relation to the financing of terrorism.
Prices will even off when the crops are gathered.
4. Accountability has always been embedded in the structure of UNDP and its operational procedures.
Its main elements are summarized below.
The work at the United Nations in the field of FDI and transnational corporations began in the 1970s with the creation of the Commission on Transnational Corporations as a subsidiary body of the Economic and Social Council.
We note with appreciation that the transfer of cases to domestic courts is proceeding satisfactorily, as demonstrated by the fact that the Prosecutor had transferred the files of 15 suspects to Rwanda by 30 June 2005.
Performance measures: Case hypothesis identified
109. UNICEF also commented that it had noted this issue and put in place various measures to address it, including a profitability analysis conducted in 2009 and discussions held in 2010 on actions to be taken with countries to improve performance with respect to card and gift sales.
Prior to the formal promulgation of the relevant administrative measures, the banking financial institutions shall not launch or launch in any disguised way the business of foreign exchange margin trading.
United Nations common system [124]
The emergence of TNCs based in developing countries has been recognized for some time (Kumar and McLeod, 1981; Wells, 1983).
These safeguards, of course, operate in the context of another broad and sometimes competing body of belligerent rights to deny the resources of enemy nationals to the enemy State.
He roused himself from his lazy contemplation of the scene beneath him.
Main international meetings, research projects, consultancies: - Annual Conferences of the Law of the Sea Institute 1980, 1985,
1.you'd better to talk with him by yourself.
In this post-cold-war era, only through joint efforts of the international community can we sustain and promote world peace and stability.
24. Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered, as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;
" So Baruch the son of Neriah took the scroll in his hand and went to them
12. In preparing his report, the Special Rapporteur consulted several sources of information, including the Government of Nigeria, individuals, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), intergovernmental organizations, individual communications addressed to the Special Rapporteur, documents and reports provided by governmental and non-governmental organizations, the Nigerian and international media, and communications to the Nigerian Government addressed by the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture, the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary and arbitrary executions, the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, the Special Rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression, and the Chairman-Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention.
The Panel further finds that Binec did not submit sufficient evidence of the additional amounts it incurred with respect to additional work or the “stoppage of the project.”3.
What they can do is fuel discontent and conflict and, as we have learned in 2016, drive people to reject rationality and deny reality.
Those officers should be selected in such a way as to ensure the representative character of the General Committee of the Conference provided for under rule 10.
 51. One effort under way is to develop a concept for a United Nations-wide directory service (using X.500 technology) which would contain directories of officials and organizations, distribution lists, a unified directory of databases and other reference information.
See everyone, at the break of dawn, gathering and waiting together excitedly. . .
Higher scores were associated with being younger, being better educated, living with others, having better health, and doing more physical activity.
(b) by a successor State other than a newly independent State after it has made a notification establishing its status as a contracting State to a treaty which, at the date of the succession of States, was not in force for the predecessor State but in respect of which the predecessor State was a contracting State; or
With wide - angle lenses perspective lets us exaggerate the importance of different elements in the frame.
She can't hide her deficiencies as a writer.
29. In the light of the emerging consensus that full implementation the HIPC Initiative will not remove the debt overhang in all beneficiary countries,31 renewed efforts on the part of the international community will be required to help these countries to attain debt sustainability and the Millennium Development Goals.
You may even be in line for a nice honor; don't be too bashful to accept it.
Taking time off restored and rejuvenated me and allowed my creative spirit to really come to the surface.
Head of the Office of Nuclear Security
For example, building hospitals also falls within health.
 "The growing number of detainees and prisoners in prisons and in camps is also one factor the Palestinian prisoners are very much suffering from.
We welcome this necessary assistance, while we hope that the peoples concerned will do even better in fostering conditions for a return to peace.
In Ireland, for example, Catholics objected for many years that if a vote were held within the political area of Northern Ireland, the two-thirds Protestant majority would rule.
Lead partner(s): Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs)
Mali
The plans will assist both countries in ensuring that their HIV responses are more targeted, cost-effective and sustainable.
Young Palestinians march at a rally in honor of the third anniversary of the death of Yasser Arafat in Rafah, in the Gaza Strip.
The lease rates will then be calculated accordingly. 24. Transportation cost of minor equipment, spare parts and consumables associated with self-sustainment, other than that incurred for initial deployment and repatriation, are not reimbursable as the self-sustainment rates include a premium of up to 2 per cent transportation factor to compensate such expenditures.
Besides, if I give you advice, you will not listen to me."
USEPA, 1985.
The granting of prior approval for the signing of a contract does not oblige the French authorities to then authorize the export of the materiel in question.
The strategy for achieving the objective will include:
Annex
Furthermore, to compensate for its current staffing weaknesses, the United Nations Information Service in Vienna has identified local "stringers" in Hungary, Slovakia and Slovenia to provide communications support for its efforts in those countries in local languages, on an "as needed" basis.
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities
22. Notes with concern that asylum seekers, refugees and stateless persons are subject to arbitrary detention in some situations, welcomes the increasing use of alternatives to detention, and emphasizes the need for States to limit detention of asylum seekers, refugees and stateless persons to that which is necessary;
(o) Underlined the importance of enhancing relations among the Non-Self-Governing Territories, in particular in sharing information about their territories, and in this regard took note of the proposal made by the representative of a Non-Self-Governing Territory on the creation of a network among the Territories;
(c) Continuing to promote adequate disclosure of information on all mining projects financed by international financing institutions;
Global Leaders Investment Debate
In most post-conflict situations, nations would normally expect to rebuild.
3. Each State party shall ensure that all activities of PMSCs occurring without the required licence and authorization, including the export and import of military and security services, pursuant to articles 14 and 15 of this Convention, are offences under its national law.
Attorney of the Province of Cundinamarca, 1958-1960
97. The Special Committee recognizes the importance of an effective and transparent integrated mission planning process, involving Member States and relevant parts of the United Nations system when appropriate.
A monthly amount of increased allowance for assistance and care of another person is RSD 20,500, and it shall be adjusted to the consumer price index twice a year (art. 94 of LSP).
The Conference of the Parties took up this sub-item at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 8 July, at which the Executive Secretary made an introductory statement on the question of documentation.
114. The Committee encourages the State party to take further steps to raise the standards of health and education of disadvantaged groups, particularly Aboriginals, Torres Strait Islanders, new immigrants, and children living in rural and remote areas.
The technological baselines to develop each instrument follow ESA standards to ensure the high reliability of experiments and the standards are imposed at each level of the project, starting from the design philosophy, the architecture of the instrument, numerical simulations, the selection of components and materials, through the manufacturing process, instrument verification and finally, the involvement of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
But I can't say I actually saw anyone at my dealership do anything unscrupulous.
For several years now, we have dedicated extrabudgetary funds to capacity-building activities in various countries.
While an affidavit can provide investigators with valuable information and serve as the starting point for an investigation, a written affidavit alone is generally inadmissible as evidence at trial.
Through cutting, analyzing and image processing, subject information stand out while noise is eliminated.
rasscrete along the embankments of the river, preservation of natural meanders, construction of aquatic planting ponds at river bed; and
Support and monitor safety status related with maintenance, ensure safe working conditions.
DPA Department of Political Affairs
When people say unkind things about her husband, she spring to his defense.
In the context of its high-level research work, the Centre was, for example, working with the Government of India on developing a malaria vaccine.
Do you understand now," said the captain, "why no complaints are made to the government, and why the vessel never reaches port?
Equally, some States had identified, through the Suspicious Activity Reporting system, activity which may potentially breach financial sanctions, but did not provide the Panel with specific details owing to the confidentiality of such information.
(ii) Increased number of Member States ratifying and implementing the United Nations Convention against Corruption, drawing on the assistance of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
IV. Inter-agency cooperation and coordination
A report from the International Labour Organization on the implementation of such provisions of the Convention as fell within the scope of its activities was available (CEDAW/C/2009/I/3/Add.4).
 9. Not all resources are shared within a household.
It recommends that its concluding observations be disseminated in an appropriate form at the local community level to enable their implementation.
D. Post adjustment matters
Optic bus will be used widely in aerial area with the development of avionic system and optical communication.
Addendum
1. The Procurement Task Force of the Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS) was established on 12 January 2006 in response to the perceived problems in procurement identified by the Independent Inquiry Committee into the United Nations Oil-for-Food Programme, the arrest and conviction of a former procurement officer and a procurement audit completed by the Internal Audit Division of OIOS in December 2005, which identified serious deficiencies and malfeasance in United Nations procurement.
Recalculations conducted in 2007
The law (21 PNC§105) states that an individual reaches the age of maturity on his or her 18th birthday.
HKU Centennial Campus to Benefit the University, the Local Community and Hong Kong as a Whole
This explains the need for many active players in the area of geographic information, including national mapping agencies, to consider their position in the spatial data community with a view to ensuring effective governance at the country level.
Ms. INOGUCHI (Japan): Mr. President, I just wish to make a very short announcement following on to the introductory part of the statement of the Ambassador of the United Kingdom, who kindly mentioned the verification workshop which will be held tomorrow from 10 a.m. in this room.
Sifeng's tragedy is a tragedy of low-class women whose beauty of youth and personality are devastated and ruined.
He went to bed and she just follwed after a few minutes.
Some welcomed the fact that it would foster institutional accountability for gender performance within UNICEF and help countries to develop a gender perspective into their national plans.
There is a different spherochromatism after the two systems secondary spectrum , spherical aberration and somatic aberration.
The thesis consists of four chapters: Chapter one raises the origin of the question of arbitrators'liability.
I had bag stolen while calling just 10 minutes ago.
To date, a project putting in place a network of water connections, which was initiated in 2007 as a pilot scheme in one section of Awsard camp, was successfully expanded in 2008 to cover the entire camp.
My lords Your graces Have you come to a decision?
Finally, associate members must allow assessors from Task Force members to participate, as appropriate, in mutual evaluation teams and promote the recommendations of the Task Force and support its actions at the international level.
44. Mr. Bruun asked for information on the number of staff at the Ministry of Women's Affairs.
While trade and transport facilitation on its own may not be a sufficient condition for achieving structural change, it is however a necessary condition without which employment shifts to new industries and export-led economic growth will not materialize.
He is accused of, inter alia, perpetrating mass murders and mass deportations in his role as President of the Serbian Autonomous District of Slavonia, Baranja and Western Srem.
 The regular meeting of the chairpersons was an important method of coordination and the High Commissioner expressed his intention to seek ways of making that coordination more effective.
3. Meetings and conferences
39. The Special Rapporteur identifies a need for closer cooperation between States and UNHCR to counteract the negative effects of pre-entry immigration control measures and interception operations while at the same time remaining vigilant in respect of the threat of terrorism.
Kisoki v. Sweden, Communication No. 41/1996, 8 May 1996.
Underweight is widespread in certain population groups, especially among young women aged 19-30 (16.8 per cent) and girls aged 10-14 (9-4 per cent).
I. Introduction
it is deadly hot in summer.people should drink more water to
One family stayed alive by lying under a bed all night as the cyclone tore down their house piece by piece.
ICCD/CST(S-1)/4/Add.1
B. Principal activity of the Trial Chambers
His estate was valued at $150,000.
BIt was a great help to me. AJust let me know if you want to bring anyone else
They are trying to find a way of settling the dispute.
Millennium Development Goals Advocacy Group (meeting organized by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs)
 4. Provision of relevant data to the Chairman of the Minsk Group, including:
Unemployment rates, 2008-2012
Some local reports have speculated that the damage in Brazil alone could exceed $30 billion and may affect two hundred companies.
Determining the bimetallic strip state by comparing- the grayscale of the region near the center of it , and giving out the result.
7. Right to social security and to an adequate standard of living
For a 20-something, the best thing you can do is eat right, exercise and avoid long sun exposure.
Brock's operation
The Panel concludes, however, that none of these options would effectively manage additional recosting risk and would pose several administrative challenges for the United Nations (ibid., para. 75).
A debate on the financial impacts of climate change can also promote solutions, which do not require substantial resources but rather a change of behavioural patterns and policy practices. Particular examples are more efficient processes and models for construction and maintenance of buildings and infrastructure.
Background information on the three reports prepared by the Secretariat is posted at <www.un.org/esa/ffd>.
 The efforts to strengthen Colombia's judicial system has borne fruit.
A. Article 7 239 - 269 67
Our delegation has reservations on paragraph 118.
But as the banking crisis has shown, financial markets can bring about rapid changes in attitude
"the first man says , " i don't have to outrun the ti-ger , i only have to outrun you .
Conventional taxes raise revenue, but pose a much greater risk of depressing growth in the process.
Psychometrics
Your adornment must not be merely external braiding the hair, and wearing gold jewelry, or putting on dresses;
Previous studies have indicated that Gram-negative bacteria are present in wounds in most disaster victims.
Public Information Assistant
Provisional agenda for the 4791st meeting of the Security Council
Information technology system
28 August 1985 Procurator-General at the Western Region Court of Appeal at Bafoussam.
A high percentage of women are heads of households and constitute the poorest segment in society.
I think she might have called her relatives and closest friends.
6.Would you like something to drink 7.Yes,I\'d like some coffee
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and of the outcome of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly", chaired by Mr. Carlos Enrique García González (El Salvador), Vice-Chairman of the Committee, will be held on Monday, 29 October 2001, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room C.
19. The Secretariat made available to the Working Group a United Nations ERoom, which allows members to access the institutional memory of the Working Group with a user ID and password.
Mrs. March told Meg to ask Hannah for help with the housework and the children.
She also noted that the State party's adherence to a number of international human rights instruments would have an impact on the planned amendment.
15. Requests the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures to promote full respect for the human rights, privileges and immunities of United Nations and other personnel carrying out activities in fulfilment of the mandate of a United Nations operation, and also requests the Secretary-General to seek the inclusion, in negotiations of headquarters and other mission agreements concerning United Nations and associated personnel, of the applicable conditions contained in the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies and the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel;
Unscrew the jar and cover with lid fitted over it.
CONCLUSION Therefore, to protect the Amazon demands investment in education, science and technology.
c) the definition and development of management mechanisms to handle and manage risks;
Line 4 in tables 9, 10 and 11 shows the forecasted effect of these movements.
The two sides of the Taiwan Straits may consult and negotiate on the following matters: (1) officially ending the state of hostility between the two sides; (2) mapping out the development of cross-Straits relations; (3) steps and arrangements for peaceful national reunification; (4) the political status of the Taiwan authorities; (5) the Taiwan region"s room of international operation that iscompatible with its status; and (6) other matters concerning the achievement of peaceful national reunification.
Belgium(*)
Life isn't easy for Chinese migrants living in Russia, according to Alexander Larin.
Flamingo down. Flamingo down.
Cooperation between the OAU and the United Nations, involving the African countries as well as the world community at large, is of vital value to our joint efforts.
Geography of the West Bank
Belozersk
The offending enterprises included China's four big power producers, a number of prominent steel companies and a joint venture involving Michelin, the French tyremaker.
2.A.1.
Legal Adviser, 28th session of the Legal Committee of ICAO (1992).
The advisory procedure had some clear advantages: it could contribute to the progress of international law but combined the judicial approach with the flexibility offered by the fact that its opinions were not binding.
5. In living off the land and gaining knowledge through their relationship with the land, indigenous peoples have been observing the effects of global warming first-hand for several decades and have been developing coping strategies.
5. This report is mindful of the fact that the Security Council, in resolution 1405 (2002), welcomed the initiative of the SecretaryGeneral, Kofi Annan, to develop accurate information regarding recent events in the Jenin refugee camp.
Reaffirming the need to achieve the effective application of marine scientific knowledge and technology, through cooperation at the regional and global levels, by ensuring access of decision makers to relevant advice and information, as well as to the transfer of technology and support for the production and diffusion of factual data and knowledge for end-users, as appropriate, taking fully into account socio-economic factors and traditional ecological knowledge,
16. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.68, draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.35 was withdrawn by its sponsors.
Workshops on the integrated mission planning process were held in Kampala (December 2009) and Amman (February 2010) for strategic planning officers from the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support at Headquarters (23), the Department of Political Affairs (12) and field missions (42)
F. South-South cooperation
Rule 27
3.1.1 Maintenance of the strength of Sierra Leone Police at 9,500 officers
With the trade surplus above $15bn in September, and no reason to think that FDI flows of around $5bn a month have stopped, only capital outflows can make the numbers balance.
Knights of the Bath
Only one Hand spell can be on the target per paladin at any one time.
Waterfalls of Europe
The Advisory Committee is of the view that a proper analysis is required before further implementation of the Flextime system and reiterates the position of the General Assembly (resolution 66/233, sect. III, para. 16) that the rules and regulations of the United Nations governing human resources should be uniformly applied.
Special programmes will be produced and distributed as required.
They noted that increasing opportunities and public demand for illicit products had fuelled the development of organized networks to provide such products.
Subsequently, the Dominican Republic, Madagascar and the Marshall Islands joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Also recalling its resolution 16/12 of 7 May 1997, in which it decided to provide, at future sessions of the Council, opportunities for partners to engage in a dialogue among themselves and with Governments,
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
(a) New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support
Support and encourage regional and bilateral cooperation and collaboration among developed and developing countries and CEITs to provide a global expertise in ozone and UV measurements and research.
Thats all it is when my opponent keeps saying that my voting record always favors big business over the average citizen
Article 31 of the Constitution ensures that personal freedoms are duly respected: since personal freedoms are legally protected, no one may be compelled to do what is not required by law.
It was developed to broaden the approach to asset recovery and to link that work closely to governance and anti-corruption strategies.
Many participants emphasized the need for Africa's investment in security and stabilization efforts to be matched by investment in long-term and sustained political and economic engagement.
For example, you tell your friend you are going to spend the day monkeying around with your car.
42 months
Time disruption did occur, but the airplanes did not fully disappear into another epoch of time.
Now a threat to the whole family wanted me to die, really rubbish, and win other people on the complacent people lost someone say cheating.
Consultants were engaged to prepare papers for each of these areas and to present them to the ICP Technical Advisory Group (TAG).
All this should have made for a more compelling race than the slog thathas dragged on since the general election in May.
The work of the conference was therefore chaired by Lieutenant General Pierre Semengue of Cameroon.
José Neira Fernández, a businessman in the hotel and catering industry, was also sentenced for an attempted offence against public health to six years' imprisonment and a fine of 50 million pesetas, without a further term of imprisonment in lieu of the fine.
(xxi) Commitments
However, we are still very cautious about the course of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, and we are continuing our efforts both to prevent and to provide care and treatment.
Clover was  founded  in January 1973.
E
On small arms and light weapons, we have co-sponsored the draft resolutions presented by Japan and Mali, as well as the German draft resolution on practical disarmament measures.
It was early October, but a crispiny frost had already stamped the maple trees with gold.
Both were found in South Africa.
National law stipulated criminal responsibility for offences motivated by political, ideological, racial, national or religious hatred.
Number of members voting: 193
The present report is submitted in compliance with General Assembly resolutions 57/305 and 59/266 concerning the employment of retirees.
Noting that the Committee on the Rights of the Child attaches particular importance to the question of the administration of juvenile justice and that it includes in its conclusions on reports of States parties concrete recommendations concerning the provisions of advisory services and technical cooperation in this field,
However, the Committee remains concerned that the Convention is not regularly used as a framework for the development of strategies throughout the State party and at the lack of an overarching policy to ensure the full realization of the principles, values and goals of the Convention.
Bit 1 is the swapped bit that is only used during compaction.
He seldom goes out on Sundays, does he?
It also appealed to Member States, in particular those within the Asia and the Pacific region, as well as to international, governmental and non-governmental organizations and foundations, to make voluntary contributions -- the only resources available to the Regional Centre -- so as to strengthen the Centre's programme of activities and the implementation thereof.
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  | Every day of thy life is a leaf in thy history
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trois-Rivières
Therefore, it has been, for Chileans, a time of assessment and of asking ourselves a very simple, yet profound, question: have we done things right or wrong?
We had never seen one shred of evidence.
Pages with BIBSYS identifiers
In connection with the State party's obligations under article 3 of the Convention, please clarify:
Meanwhile, his housing minister, Uri Ariel (himself a settler and a member of the annexationist Jewish Home party), unleashes a new wave of settlement expansion that threatens to link the 1967 border with the Jordan Valley, thus bisecting Palestinian territory.
The school is part of a network of early childhood educational services directly operated by the municipality of Reggio Emilia since 1963.
It is a fundamental tenet of our domestic legal systems that wrongdoers must be brought to justice.
At the same time, "Mary" rose dramatically in popularity, as a given name for baby girls in sixteenth-century England.
They will focus on creating structures and programmes to enable United Nations staff to be as effective as possible in the event of an emergency that might cripple operations.
The meeting was called to order at 10.15 a.m.
In an ideal world, that makes sense.
(b) Organization of the work of the session;
(i) Negotiations on trade facilitation, the results of which should take fully into account the principle of special and differential treatment for developing and least developed countries, in accordance with annex D to the decision;
(f) Outcome of the International Ministerial Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation
All provided waist and hip measurements and details of their normal diet.
Addendum
He'd have to really push the  genes  miles around to move an inch in form.
Having conducted the review of Luxembourg on 2 December 2008 in conformity with all the relevant provisions contained in Council resolution 5/1,
We welcome inquiry to be made by our customer for our goods.
Randstad
Jerome Allen
If you want to see the White House, we'll go see it.I'm just afraid it will be boring.SHARON: Boring
4. Media liaison and outreach
Expectant mothers may not do work connected with radioactive matter.
Neighbours, friends, family members and strangers helped one another, saving thousands of lives, while the Government and the international community mobilized their response and tried to overcome initial constraints.
If anyones on to us we should call the whole thing off.
2. Development of joint projects in the fields of space science, technology, applications and exploration.
Languages of the Conference
ll be needing payment within 30 days.
The CMP, at its fourth session, will undertake the second review of the Protocol.
Some harmful microorganisms as well as related hazard, inspection and prevention are introduced in the article.
Mrs. Gallardo Hernández (El Salvador) (spoke in Spanish): The delegation of El Salvador would like to join others in congratulating you, Mr. Chairman, on your election to lead the work of the First Committee.
The control of biological weapons should be of more concern, particularly to the industrially advanced States, owing to their extensive use of biological agents.
H. Communication No. 806/1998, Thompson v. St. Vincent and the Grenadines (Views adopted on 18 October 2000, seventieth session)*
The threat level against KFOR is low.
30 You're going out of your way for us, I believe
Additionally, gang leaders have been arrested as a means of tackling organized crime.
10. The work of the Commission is hampered by many factors, including structural issues, normally, a lack of clarity in its mission and weaknesses in the organization of its work.
In connection with this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the measures adopted and the progress achieved in the enjoyment of the various rights and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
"Grazing land management" is the system of practices on land used for livestock production aimed at manipulating the amount and type of vegetation and livestock produced.
Judicial organization and the creation of various types of court;
The report will detail the information gathered, including from the petitioner, and provide an analysis and the Ombudsperson's observations.
In order for the author to be considered a victim, it is not sufficient for her to maintain that, by its very existence, a law or, still less, a parliamentary report violates her rights.
Reasonable doubt
(g) Efforts to ensure that the Chairperson of each treaty body addresses the Council during its annual session on matters that are specific to that treaty body.
4. In accordance with the Declaration, States must recognize Indigenous peoples' right to maintain, develop and strengthen their own juridical systems, and must value the contribution that these systems can make to facilitating Indigenous peoples' access to justice.
Conclusions of the Board
I mean, with the two of you fighting all the time 'course if I was one of them these people that you seem to think are your enemies what would I do?
During the Regional Ministerial Meeting for Habitat II in Santiago, November, 1995, a Regional Plan of Action was adopted and subsequently presented at the Habitat II Conference in Istanbul.
V. Adoption of the report and closure of the meeting
With someone to polish his shoes, make his bed and stoke the fire in his spacious rooms, Charles Darwin enjoyed the sort of pampered university life that today's debt-laden British students can only dream about.
Air violations
For example, your working memory remembers unfamiliar phone numbers for as long as it takes you to dial the phone.
It was foreseen that a revised and updated monitorable action plan was to be submitted to the GEF Council for review in mid-October 2009.
The television working. Is there a loose connection?
Some would say that the distinction between the two vocations is not as clear as you suggest.
In turn, the Republic of Cyprus considers that it will not be able to destroy, or ensure the destruction of, all anti-personnel mines in those mined areas under its jurisdiction, which are now under occupation by a third State (Turkey), by 1 July 2013.
:: Extension of parental leave schemes for fathers is a step forward in promoting men's opportunities for taking part in the care of their children.
(b) By strengthening training and research capacity at the national level in the field of desertification and drought;
Your words will be like paint on canvas.
Hòa Hảo
The General Assembly, in its resolution 54/249, adopted on 23 December 1999, while generally welcoming the measures taken by the Court, also noted
Year
5. Encourages the Office of the High Commissioner and relevant special procedures mandate holders to provide, in consultation with and with the concurrence of the Government of Sri Lanka, advice and technical assistance on implementing the above-mentioned steps;
It was recommended that women should have equal rights as men to be the head of the family, so that stereotyped positions between women and men in the family should not be reaffirmed.
Dependency on one single supplier could result in missed opportunities elsewhere in the market and increased counter-party risk (that is, if the single supplier becomes bankrupt or fails to deliver).
Mentions consumers but no details of assessment
(PDF Format 203KB)
It provides theoretical evidence for studying distribution and destination of organic pollutant transport in subsurface environment.
Only two articles had been adopted so far at first reading, even though the General Assembly had called for its adoption before the end of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People in December 2004.
No tests were currently carried out to assess the concentration in the air of tobacco smoke, although carbon monoxide testing was performed on a regular basis.
(b) Social development, including questions related to the world social situation and to youth, ageing, disabled persons and the family (continued)
The next witness proved the finding of the knife near the corpse
These reflected China's extremely sturdy on environmental protection problem determination and position undoubtedly.
The Advisory Committee considers that emphasis on the quality of the language services provided to Member States does not preclude a concurrent emphasis on the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of those services.
Ancient people always sang poems while drinking, in response to one another about current events.
Fueling Big Tech’s remarkable growth further, many of these companies’ services are ostensibly free, facilitating quick adoption by consumers.
Agenda item 35
I will now adjourn the meeting in order for me to escort the Minister from the Council Chamber.
Taavi Rähn
107. Based on the replies to this questionnaire from 78 States, a study entitled "Racial discrimination, religious intolerance and education" (A/CONF.189/PC.2/22) was submitted to the second session of the Preparatory Committee for the Durban Conference.
The study found that the main reasons women engage in prostitution are largely poverty related.
The suppressive effect of multi-layer wire mesh structure on the combustible gas explosion is studied.
(ii) Detect potential seepage via pathways in the cap rock formation(s) and in the overburden and surrounding domains in the geological storage site;
They find a third, separated strand in the center of the double helix.
In accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit, I have the pleasure to inform you that I concur, in my capacity as Chairman of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the appointment of Mr. Tadanori Inomata (Japan) for a five-year period ending on 31 December 2014.
The recent crisis in Lebanon exposed the Organization to a dangerous erosion of credibility.
The Portia, which Ice enacted, attracted many audiences.
Last month the environment minister, Jan Dusik, a Green Party nominee in the caretaker government, resigned.
Facilitated by the United Nations Resident Coordinator in coordination with UNMIN and the country team, the strategy identified priorities for development support addressing both short-term and longer-term elements of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
15. Mr. Farinacci García withdrew.
15. The reduced requirements resulted mainly from the fact that the Mission revised its travel plan, particularly in the areas of civil administration, police assessment and administrative support, as well as its training plan, particularly in the areas of communications, information technology and air operations, with a view to achieving savings.
46. Authorized travel by private vehicle at the request of the staff member is, on the other hand, quite a cumbersome procedure whereby the reimbursement of travel costs is calculated in accordance with specific mileage rates.
Requests the Office of the High Commissioner to prepare an expert paper, focusing on the lessons learned from existing monitoring mechanisms, possible relevant improvements and possible innovations in monitoring mechanisms for a comprehensive and integral international convention on the protection and promotion of the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities, and to make the paper available to the Ad Hoc Committee at its seventh session;
To summarize the comments below, whether the article stipulates an obligation for the State Party to punish the conduct as a crime or stipulates an obligation for the State Party to take appropriate measures to prevent the conduct should be considered carefully.
So when Esau went to the field to hunt for game to bring home,
The oral hearing, where the delegations of States parties respond to the list of issues and supplementary questions from Committee members, is central to the consideration of States parties' reports.
All the villagers  turned out for the work.
Upgraded Customs clearance procedures, involving such features as 24-hour operation, multiple entry documents and their computerization, also contributed to increased transport efficiency.
Yaguaraparo
The night was comparatively quiet.
Don't go to that shop -- they will cheat you.
113. Approximately 19,000 Israelis have settled in 33 Israeli settlements in the occupied Syrian Golan.
Although economics was probably the most important determinant, it is not the only explanation for the baby boom.
Because the city is very old, the roads are narrow and congested.
These nutsand bolts hold the wheels on.
42. His delegation remained convinced that there was no alternative to the two-State solution, with Israel and Palestine coexisting side by side as two sovereign States, and that dialogue aimed at guaranteeing the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination was the only way to resolve the long-standing issue.
Respect for the right to peaceful protest was essential not only for promoting the defence of human rights, but also for the cause of democracy and pluralism.
At UNIFIL, UNTSO military observers maintain observation posts along the Blue Line and conduct patrols in the UNIFIL area of responsibility.
India
The movement is large in scale and the struggle is exceptionally fierce.
The technique based on hierarchical partitioning was given , which synthetically used spatial  partitioningand  bounding volume hierarchy.
But there is always the danger in ASEAN that the process of consensus is confused with the substance of actually resolving conflicts.
13. Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report on the activities relating to his mandate to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session and to the Commission at its sixtysecond session and decides to consider the question at that session, under the same agenda item;
Table V.3 gives the variations in post requirements for the year 2000 with respect to the 1999 revised post situation.
These findings suggest that caloric restriction might have similar effects in humans.
(g) Make every effort to establish a programme of rehabilitation and reintegration of juveniles following judicial proceedings;
I. Introduction
64. Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
This is a gamble we have to take.
The data reviews were performed and documented according to generally recognized scientific principles and procedures.
The suit stems from transactions Lehman allegedly carried out to make its risk appear lower than it actually was.
It further noted with appreciation that the secretariat had subsequently undertaken consultations with the Advisory Committee (composed of the heads of diplomatic missions or their representatives in the host country of ESCWA and a representative of the host country) in connection with the defining of priorities for the proposed programme of work for the biennium 2000–2001.
This positive trend is also marked by collaboration on financial modalities such as multi-donor trust funds, of which UN-REDD is an example.15
The other boys tease him because he is fat.
:: Assess the contribution of the Special Court and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in addressing the root causes of the conflict
Distr.: General
Scripture: "In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world" (John 16: 33).
94. Nepal
I should be grateful if you would circulate the present letter as a document of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country.
Deputy Chairpersons of Local Councils
"8. Calls upon all Member States to take legal, administrative and regulatory steps to ban the dumping of toxic wastes in developing countries and to cooperate fully in the investigation of all reported cases of the dumping of toxic wastes, and to apprehend and bring to justice all perpetrators with the aim of curbing the recurrence of such illegal movement and dumping of toxic wastes;
Preventing the deployment of weapons in outer space is conducive to maintaining the global strategic balance and stability and to preventing an arms race, including a nuclear arms race.
Portuguese: native speaker
I If you do, you must be an optimist, a leader, an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement.
The field visit will be discussed together with item 5 (a).
Her country welcomed the continuation of the dialogue between Argentina and the United Kingdom, with both of which it maintained the most cordial relations.
Concerned by the allegations that several hundred people were victims of extrajudicial executions in Togo in 1998, the SubCommission has taken note of the controversy which has arisen as to whether or not, or the extent to which, these allegations are true,
Unconfirmed reports say thousands of Iranians have visited Tehran's main cemetery in the past 24 hours to mourn the victims of the violence.
In addition to the subcommittees, ad hoc task forces could be set up to address thematic issues that draw on the work of other committees, for example trade and investment statistics, trade and environment, trade and transport facilitation, and social entrepreneurship and investment.
"Of course because I enough strong ah".
In this departure from the Rue Plumet, which had been almost a flight, Jean Valjean had carried away nothing but the little embalmed valise, baptized by Cosette the inseparable.
I'm talking to Penny here.
 They could also have assisted the Mission in adhering to policies and regulations.
Different understanding and operation of curricula will be achieved from different perspectives.
And I started thinking maybe he's got this second life somewhere else.
This paper puts forward the title and form for concept framework of financial accounting.
) Well, it isn't too bad. But can it be better
47. The financial information management module has been fully implemented in all country offices.
Given all this, the recession will lead to a sharp increase in corporate defaults, which had been very low over the last two years, averaging 0.6% per year, compared to an historic average of 3.8%.
While official responses from Jordan and Saudi Arabia to the Committee’s queries were still pending, the Iraqi Foreign Minister had insisted at his meeting with the Chairman that the funds be deposited directly to the Central Bank of Iraq or its branch office at Amman.
388. First and foremost, it is important to establish a general picture of the overall situation of the rural sector in Paraguay.
Virtual property of Internet games has actual economic value and the feature of disposable movable property, which could be the target of stealing.
The Committee requests the State party to provide, within two years and in accordance with article 35, paragraph 2 of the Convention, written information on the steps undertaken to implement the recommendations contained in paragraphs 23, 29 and 35.
17. It is recommended that the resources for managing and coordinating operational activities for natural disaster mitigation, prevention and preparedness continue to be separate and additional to the resources of UNDP for development activities, in accordance with the intent of the General Assembly in paragraph 16 of its resolution 52/12 B, and that they continue therefore to be provided by a grant from the regular budget of the United Nations for future bienniums.
Clerihew
A/67/174
Transnational organized crime facilitates many of the most serious threats to international peace and security.
All large and medium - sized Chinese cities will have greater air quality monitoring by 2010.
We are confident that, through the contributions of all Member States, the platform for environmental and ecosystems services can become a useful tool that will contribute to efforts to address the real causes of biodiversity deterioration.
In order to strengthen the effectiveness of the IAEA safe-guard system and fulfill its own non-proliferation obligations, China formally notified the IAEA on March 28, 2002 that it had completed the domestic legal procedures necessary for the entry into force of the Protocol Additional to the Agreement Between China and IAEA for the Application of Safeguards in China, and that the Protocol became ef-fective for China on the same day.
1. Recommends that a special trust fund for activities in the area of science and technology for development be established within the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, with a view to assisting in implementing various mandates received or to be received by the Conference in the area of science and technology for development;
The fact that a managerial decision is being reversed is itself an accountability measure, which is noted by the manager and the head of his/her office and serves as a lesson learned.
We recognize the need to establish and maintain control over the private ownership of small arms.
35. Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible after the conclusion of the session of the International Law Commission, chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of that session, chapter III containing the specific issues on which the views of Governments would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted on either first or second reading by the Commission;
Summary record of the 33rd meeting
Give it to him, Maxie!
:: With the Mission having completed its task of monitoring and verification in the Eastern Sudan as stipulated in Security Council resolution 1590 (2005), the 2007/08 estimates reflect provision for 8,722 military contingents only as compared with the authorized strength of 9,250 and include proposed abolition of 25 international and 170 national staff posts and 21 United Nations Volunteers
This matter has remained important to the States Parties since the Nairobi Summit.
93. Ms. Rexach withdrew.
(iii) Number of readers of the flagship publication, Foreign investment in Latin America and the Caribbean, responding to surveys who consider its analysis and recommendations as "useful" or "very useful" for their work
Limited discretion of the Secretary-General
The French navy also has given up efforts to send in aid and is heading away from the Bay of Bengal.
draft decision on agenda item 10 (c) contained in document GC.14/L.2/Add.1.
God, you kill me.
III. Submission of reports by States parties under article 40 of the Covenant 48 - 63 11
It’s important to familiarize yourself with the collectible of your choice but if you choose something that you’ve been collecting for a while, you’ve got a head start.
To date, however, they do not form part of a coordinated United Nations approach at the country or Headquarters level.
The list of countries where business seminars were held is attached as annex IV.
(c) To develop and manage the UNLB training calendar.
minority is subordinate to the majority. he is our deadly enemy.
13. Decides to extend until 25 August 2013 the mandate of the Monitoring Group referred to in paragraph 3 of resolution 1558 (2004) of 17 August 2004, which was extended by subsequent resolutions, including by resolutions 2002 (2011), 2023 (2011) of 5 December 2011 and 2036 (2012), expresses its intent to review the mandate and take appropriate action regarding the further extension no later than 25 July 2013, and requests the SecretaryGeneral to take the necessary administrative measures as expeditiously as possible to reestablish the Monitoring Group for a period of thirteen months from the date of the present resolution, drawing, as appropriate, on the expertise of the members of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to previous resolutions, including resolution 2002 (2011), and consistent with resolutions 1907 (2009), 2023 (2011) and 2036 (2012), this mandate being as follows:
National Archivist of Belgium, Associate Professor at the Department of History, Ghent University, President of EURBICA (European Branch of the International Council on Archives)
The interests of the local populations in areas concerned;
58. Successful implementation of summit outcomes required policy coherence and consistency, as inconsistencies between economic, financial and social policies were key obstacles to objectives being met.
UNESCO also organizes comprehensive awareness-raising activities favouring the promotion of gender equality and women's empowerment.
We must strive for scientific development by putting people first and making it comprehensive, balanced and sustainable; we must strive for harmonious development by integrating all undertakings and promoting unity and amity among all members of society; and we must strive for peaceful development in the course of which China develops itself by safeguarding world peace and contributes to world peace by developing itself.
(ii) Implementation of Customer Relationship Management applications;
The Shabab controls most of south and central Somalia.
These policies should normally be disclosed in one place;
21. The Chairperson stated that the Convention was an effective tool in achieving sustainable human, economic, social and cultural development.
Essential elements of a security agreement
Carlyle later twice scaled back its planned investment in an effort to secure approval, but even agreeing to a minority stake of 45 per cent failed to turn round the Beijing bureaucracy.
The institutions and services created to deal with the various aspects of migration should be made operational as soon as possible.
Sexual harassment, female genital mutilation, slavery, procuring, incitement to immorality and rape are severely punished by the law.
 11. The Preparatory Committee was very receptive to participation by and contributions from non-governmental organizations, industrial groups and local government representatives, reflecting a broad range of actors concerned with human settlements development and management.
I feel guilty like a swindler who has won your gratitude without doing anything to earn it
The Governing Council,
Ratification: South Africa (17 December 2002)1
As noted by the International Court of Justice in the Difference Relating to the Immunity from Legal Process of a Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights case, "[a]ccording to a well-established rule of international law, the conduct of any organ of a State must be regarded as an act of that State.
However, at the request of the Secretary-General, the Committee submitted an interim memorandum in order to inform the Arab Summit in Doha at the end of March 2009.
He had Been here for a week, But had remained in seclusion.
After a bit of thought, I've decided to go with the fully normal form.
(c) Enhanced cooperation and capacity at the international and national levels for the implementation of the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities, as endorsed at the first Global Programme of Action (GPA) Intergovernmental Review Meeting, held in Montreal, Canada in November 2001 (UNEP/GCSS VII.6), and the World Summit on Sustainable Development
10. The report of the Secretary-General noted that there had been increasing doubts in recent years that the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative, in its present form and scope, could address the serious constraints to the development and poverty-reduction agenda of many of the poorest countries.
June 2011
47. During the period in question, priority attention was devoted to building capacity in areas relating to access to justice, including the delivery and administration of justice and prosecution. The following activities should be highlighted:
Given the highly specialized nature of mine action, an expert consultant was tasked with specific assignments to support the review; the case study on South Sudan, attached as annex I and available on the JIU website, is his report of the mission undertaken with the JIU team.
In its decision GC.67/Dec.20 the Conference elected the two members and two alternate members of the UNIDO Staff Pension Committee for the biennium 1998-1999.
Mr. Alexander doesn't just write for fun; in fact, writing is his bread and butter.
Try setting a lower resolution at the boot prompt.
Specifically, AI noted that trials of peaceful activists were routinely unfair falling far short of international standards of fairness.
My statement discusses where Eritrea is at this juncture with respect to the MDGs and their targets and indicators.
So if all of these ingredients are basically the same, why are some shampoos more expensive?
Have you noticed that children have far superior brainpower than an adult does?
In line 1 of paragraph 5, after the word "mesures", the word "appropri\x{5daa}s" should be inserted.
82. The working group that elaborated an action plan against disciplinary violence submitted its report to the Minister of Health and Social Services in October 2010.
The highest seniority pay for university teachers will amount to approximately DKr 450,000.
Article 19 The State encourages enterprises and institutions and economic cooperative organizations engaged in scientific and technological activities in the countryside to conduct intermediate and industrial experiments, agricultural experiments and demonstrations and other technological innovations and to provide technical services.
Zheng Long
It proved that the success of pursuing the system has relation to economic environment.
Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and
Training Officer, Reporting Officer
Introduction on draft resolution A/C.3/56/L.57
The professional services industry, in good faith for the vast number of visitors Beijing friends to provide special fares to Fresno.
"The General Assembly,
It is our renewed ability to offer them opportunities and means to achieve these opportunities.
Xiphinema
Article 165. The Stock Brokers' Association shall set up a council.
In these sources the Israelites' deity is clearly the source of all being.
On 13 July, three peacekeepers from the MINUSTAH Brazilian battalion were shot and wounded by unknown assailants in Cité Soleil.
And a switch from taxpayers' cash aid to price support via "community preference" is a step back from reform.
But as early as 1803, an ingenious Maryland farmer, Thomas Moore, had been on the right track.
Solutions are not easy, particularly in view of the fact that addressing the phenomenon effectively in its numerous forms would require action at various levels and with diverse modalities, necessitating parallel and well-coordinated activities and interventions.
The rule for checking the angles of any object is that the sum of the interior angles of a closed polygon. . .
I dont remember saying it, and it was a mere faon de parler, that meant nothing whatever
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
50. The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question (3 October 2000; 3 December 2008).
It also continues to implement a policy of collective punishment and to blockade the territories.
To administrate the calibration process and the administration of the measuring devices , and production equipment and jigs.
SAICM financial mechanism
Because it does a lot of good for my body.
Activities within the Organization of African Unity and the United Nations
However, in view of that limitation in the scope of application of the Model Law, entities that issued certificates for internal purposes and not for commercial purposes would not fall under the category "certification service providers" as defined in article 2 (ibid., paras. 94-99).
The meeting rose at 3.55 p.m.
5. Travel of mission personnel to and from the mission area by commercial means has been calculated at an average one-way cost of $2,300 per person or $4,600 round trip.
The database contains details of national measures that might be relevant to the Convention in as many states for which it has been possible to gather data.
But it is more consequential for the continent, given the scale of its development challenges.
With his fat round face the mayor was fair game for the cartoonists.
English songs
After a slight decline in the number of hungry people in the 1990s, the figure has been increasing since the beginning of this decade, making achievement of the World Food Summit target of reducing by half the number of undernourished people by 2015 increasingly unlikely.
They offer healthy and practical advice on slowing down.
Concerning paragraph 166 of the UNCTAD X Plan of Action, he urged the secretariat to step up its efforts to mobilize the resources required for the implementation of that recommendation.
They are committed to changing America's role in the world, not just its image.
However, most expenditures under the operational budget, as under the regular budget, were still in euros.
The State Council will pay close attention to the study and formulation of administrative regulations for carrying out border measures in respect of intellectual property protection.
177. The Administration agreed with the Board's recommendation that it (a) ensure that the Global Field Support Strategy Steering Committee and Client Board and the Global Service Centre Steering Committee need to consider how they function to improve the transparency and effectiveness of decision-making; and (b) review and revise the current governance structure of the modularization project to ensure single accountability for the project's success and the timely delivery of the envisaged benefits.
This is what neurobiologists call selective attention
This not only endangers the adult the health, also affects their descendant's growth.
It was perhaps time for the business of war to assume its responsibility for peace and development.
Funding requirements have increased 430 per cent and the number of people in need has doubled.
The retirement age of 55 for women and 60 for men had been put in place in the days of the command economy, at a time when living conditions were very difficult.
(c) Monitoring.
鈥淲henever I go down to the unemployment office,鈥滼ane says, 鈥淚 notice that a lot of people seem to be in the media.
It was suggested that appropriate wording might be introduced in article 39 to clarify that the evaluation of exceptional circumstances under a revised version of paragraph (4) should fall within the sphere of scrutiny of the appointing authority.
Notes the commitment of UNFPA to the continued strengthening of its accountability and assurance process, and urges the Executive Director to continue to: (a) improve the implementation of an internal control framework in line with internationally recognized best practices, taking into account the need for consistency with the international public sector accounting standards; (b) implement enterprise risk management; and (c) fill vacant posts in the Division for Oversight Services to ensure appropriate audit and investigation coverage;
The pro-Indonesian militias based in West Timor have continued to advocate armed struggle to bring East Timor into Indonesia and have not laid down their arms.
In that connection, we wish to mention that the Arab Group has always emphasized at previous consultations the need for a permanent seat to be allocated to the Arab countries, as part of any future reform process.
Friday, 12 December 2008, at 1.15 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
 The mandate of the group might be to examine the situation in different parts of the world and to develop more specific guidelines for the implementation of the 1992 Declaration.
Bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the final documents of the successive Conferences of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries and of the resolutions adopted by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the African Union, the Pacific Islands Forum and the Caribbean Community,
36. The adoption of a mechanism to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Convention and all the annexed protocols was needed, in order to ensure their effectiveness.
Table 59
(d) Education
GbpUsd dropped from 1.9820 to 1.9722 as the market began to once again question the stability of the UK underlying economy.
Legal residence in the country does not constitute a prerequisite for the registration of foreign children in public schools.
"13. Welcomes the previous and ongoing contributions by Member States and other stakeholders of the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund for Victims of Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
Before the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United Kingdom, Egypt, Portugal, Sweden, Poland, Kenya, China, Japan and the Russian Federation.
The successor document was the Strategic Framework, a two-year planning document covering only the United Nations.
Recommendation 9
The right to peaceful uses of nuclear energy under Article IV of the Treaty is not absolute, but conditioned upon compliance with non-proliferation and safeguards obligations under Articles II and III.
China Software Center ( CSC ) is offshore software design & testing center.
She was thinking to herself of the other man's words: Tha's got the nicest woman's arse of anybody!
Further, the Committee recommends, in light of article 17 of the Convention, that the State party take all necessary legal and other measures, including advisory campaigns directed to parents, guardians and teachers, and cooperation with Internet service providers to protect children from being exposed to harmful material such as violence and pornography, transmitted through the media and Internet.
H. Aid must be more inclusive
The experts also recommended measures and concrete actions required at national, regional, sub-regional and international levels to alleviate the severe constraints facing landlocked countries, which were unanimously adopted (TD/B/LDC/AC.l/L7).
Tilos
Income projections for regular resources include known donor pledges; income projections for other resources reflect a conservative estimate compared to actual realized income.
The highly volatile environment continues to restrict access to those communities, which remain vulnerable to harassment, exploitation and extortion.
:: On 4 January 2013, the General Assembly passed, by an overwhelming majority, a resolution on "Taking forward multilateral nuclear disarmament negotiations".
In practice, in this case the sought outcome would mean that small-hold farmers would adopt farming practices favourable to biomass production and that rural communities would engage in the construction of biogas digesters in order to improve access to energy (both in terms of availability and stability of supply and the reduction of price volatility).
[Supplements rules 33-34 of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners]
DEPUTY SECRETARY FOR THE CIVIL SERVICE 3
Where do you rank Wordsworth?
DNA
4. Affirms that each culture has a dignity and value which must be respected and preserved and that every people has the right and the duty to develop its culture;
The government needs to do more for those who get out of halfway houses.
Hey. ray. isn't that the cookie lady.
(a) Strengthen mobilization of forest financing, in particular through national forest programmes, using a combination of financing approaches, including the creation of national forest funds, and identify other opportunities for financing at the national level;
Up in my room and when all else fails.
1. The purpose of these guidelines for reporting on systematic observation of the global climate system for Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties) and, as appropriate, Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention (non-Annex I Parties), is to assist Parties in reporting their actions with regard to global climate observing systems; development of observational networks; and, as appropriate, providing support for non-Annex I Parties, as defined in Articles 4, paragraphs 1(g) and (h), 5 and 12, paragraph 1(b), of the Convention.
Cash flows from investing activities
And imagine facing snowdrifts higher than an NBA player.
22. Most of the weighting systems which have been proposed are related either to the cost of increasing the quality and productivity of workers (e.g., years of schooling and special vocational training, costs of education and training) or to the results of their productive activity (e.g., relative wages).
How to raise the interest to mathematics study has become a difficult problem to every medium occupation mathematics teacher.
Document whereby a defendant confirm that a writ or a legal document have been received and that he intended to defend the case.
Annex
We must go to the root of the problem, and that is the task of the United Nations.
The workforce that will be captured in the system is projected to exceed 150,000 records, including consultants, individual contractors, volunteers, military, police and interns.
(b) Moving to the "other riot equipment" category the following items from the "company equipment" category: public address system (set); searchlights and generators; and automatic (TG) grenade launcher (set of 3);
8. Draft resolution A/C.1/64/L.16
It may not be the contemporary reality of the group as a result of intervention by State authorities and settlers, but attachment to a homeland is nonetheless definitive of the identity and integrity of the group, socially and culturally.
The reports of the States parties which are scheduled for consideration at the thirty-eighth session of the Committee (November 2006) are identified in the last columns of the tables that follow.
Budget estimates for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008
2 Ibid., Thirty-second Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/32/35); ibid., Thirty-third Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/33/35); ibid., Thirty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 35 and corrigendum (A/34/35 and Corr.1); ibid., Thirty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/35/35); ibid., Thirty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/36/35); ibid., Thirty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 35 and corrigendum (A/37/35 and Corr.1); ibid., Thirty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/38/35); ibid., Thirty-ninth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/39/35); ibid., Fortieth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/40/35); ibid., Forty-first Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/41/35); ibid., Forty-second Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/42/35); ibid., Forty-third Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/43/35); ibid., Forty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/44/35); ibid., Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/45/35); ibid., Forty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/46/35); ibid., Forty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/47/35); ibid., Forty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/48/35); ibid., Forty-ninth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/49/35); ibid., Fiftieth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/50/35); ibid., Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/51/35); ibid., Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/52/35); ibid., Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/53/35); ibid., Fifty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/54/35); ibid., Fifty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/55/35); ibid., Fifty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 35 and corrigendum (A/56/35 and Corr.1); and ibid. Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/57/35).
Breakdown by gender (%)
 (c) To continue to examine the implementation by Member States of resolution 1514 (XV) and other relevant resolutions on decolonization;
(note 5)
This amount is at the maintenance level.
"Kenny's man management has always been first class and that's shone through again since he's been back in charge, " Rush said.
Our class are going for a field trip on Sunday. We are going to hike to the top of a mountain.
 We need to achieve a basic consensus for the important tasks ahead of us.
Moreover, trade often leads to a transfer of know-how.
Ratification: Liechtenstein (21 September 2004)1
The Charter of the United Nations provides for the sanctioning of such action by the Security Council.
In a European study of lung cancer risk due to indoor radon exposure, making such an adjustment doubled the estimate of risk.
Training in accessibility; assessment and certification of disability;
During the preparatory segment the parties are expected to consider the application of the mechanism to the forthcoming replenishment and make recommendations for adoption, as appropriate, during the highlevel segment.
The Office of the Prosecutor is also responsible for the preparation of depositions for the preservation of evidence under Rule 71 bis in respect of the 10 fugitive indictees still at large.
The Mission considers that several of the violations referred to in this report amount to grave breaches of the Fourth Geneva Convention.
A/59/325 Item 89 (b) of the provisional agenda - - Globalization and interdependence: international migration and development - - Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
In their view, the various proceedings taken against them constitute an indivisible whole which relates to the same events, and the case should therefore be considered as a whole in the light of the Covenant.
- an overview of all names of functions and vocations, using both their neuter form and their sexual variants (masculine and feminine).
A problem arises however, in that the commitment authority contained in General Assembly resolution 48/238 B expired on 30 November 1994; as a consequence the Advisory Committee is not legally in a position to authorize entry into any commitment beyond that date.
Monday, 9 October
Many people have asked me, what was I feeling when that final buzzer sounded?
Recommendations from the expert group to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twenty-third session
This shows that the principles of the Act are well accepted by pupils and their families.
 What worries us is that the response to such complex emergencies could be at the expense of the response to natural disasters.
Sixth session
On 20 December, the President of the Assembly of Kosovo, Jakup Krasniqi, was interviewed by an international prosecutor on the allegations by two protected witnesses of violations of bodily integrity during the Kosovo conflict.
In this paper, the degree of the consistency on fuzzy rules is given, thesufficient and necessary condition that fuzzy rules have common resolution is obtained, and the method to delete rules in the knowledge-base is proposed.
1. In its resolution 55/146 of 8 December 2000, the General Assembly declared the period 2001-2010 the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism, and called upon Member States to redouble their efforts to implement the plan of action set out in the annex to the report of the Secretary-General (A/46/634/Rev.1 and Corr.1), updated where necessary, to serve as the plan of action for the Second Decade.
In the case of Australia, Japan, Sweden, and Switzerland, the overall aim of the activities, which were also carried out by experts of the University of Bradford (UK) as well as the University of Exeter (UK), was a stimulation of debate and reflection among researchers on life-sciences, security and the potentially destructive application of their activities.
I made another lunch date for today  and forgot to enter it in my appointment book.
The provisional agenda, annotations, list of documents and work plan are contained in document DP/2001/L.1.
OBJECTIVE To study the usage of antibiotics in aseptic operation, and strengthen the management of antibiotics usage.
(c) To continue its efforts to combat corruption, including by the implementation of an anti-corruption law;
He gloomed all day yesterday.
The role of business and industry partners in training and related on-the-ground forest management was also noted.
Welcoming the groundbreaking research by the United Nations Human Settlements Programme in the area of youth, such as the report on the state of urban youth for the period 2012-2013, which recommends a better match between education skills and labour market needs through vocational training and the participation of the private sector; and the Global Youth-led Development report series, which highlights best practices in youth-led development drawn from youth agencies funded by the Urban Youth Fund,
The Legal Indicator Survey goes beyond the "law on the books" and assesses how the legislation, together with the local institutional framework (including rules of procedure, courts and judges and insolvency administrators), in each country works to create a functional (or dysfunctional) insolvency legal regime.
Subtotal
Families are going on vacations and outings together.Husbands and wives are making a concentrated effort to keep their marriages solid.
10. General management support (GMS) functions, which UNDP has to perform before, after and during the life of a programme, where the cost cannot be linked to individual programme activities, include those listed in paragraph 37 of document DP/2004/35.
In its resolution 1701 (2006) the Council reiterated the call.
Can a bee smell?
As the United Nations-appointed Ombudsperson in Kosovo for the past five years, I have had the unique opportunity to observe the aftereffects of that doctrine following NATO’s intervention in the former Yugoslavia in 1999.
The CEOs are showing confidence and are taking a longer term view.
Maybe many people are wondering where all the lottery income go?
Address by His Excellency Mr. Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan
The preparation method is simple and has low request for the preparation apparatus, and only two steps are needed to prepare the carbon foam with excellent performance.
We are Chinese and the only one gas Spring Institute.
I jotted down her name.
To this end, the programme has conducted a number of activities with public employees and with social organizations.
Dryopithecus
The mission is closely coordinating with the Lebanese authorities to address the humanitarian needs of the population that remains in the villages.
Which patients are eligible for treatment with 3 F 8?
Status of the unapproved contracts under phase V
 May I take it that the Assembly will do likewise?
Morris dropped his eyes on the floor again, pondering this.
(c) Developing capacity of local and national authorities and other Habitat Agenda partners, including carrying out comprehensive capacity assessment of tools for each area of work.
Article 139 The Central People's Government shall authorize the Government of the Macao Special Administrative Region to issue, in accordance with law, passports of the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China to all Chinese citizens who hold permanent identity cards of the Region, and travel documents of the Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China to all other persons lawfully residing in the Region.
(m) Holidays with Pay (Agriculture) Convention, 1952 (No. 101);
When implementing programmes in developing countries, there should be consultation with locals as to assess the needs of youth.
36. The Board recommends that UNDP review individual biennial support budget obligations to ensure that only valid obligations remain open at the end of the biennium.
Subtotal miscellaneous adjustments
19 February 2001
So , the legendary beggar, is actually born into a princely rich family.
Notwithstanding these measures, however, overcrowding remains at critical levels.
Nuclear weapons impinge on the security of all nations.
It is now high time that these issues were decided upon through the Inter-Agency Standing Committee structure and that the agreed solutions were swiftly implemented.
Measure of Decreasing Axle Suspension Bush Burning on SS Type Electric Locomotive
[Opinion] Ieo Island
90. The Special Committee notes with concern the findings of the recent evaluations of formed police units, referred to in paragraph 62 of the report of the Secretary-General on United Nations police (A/66/615).
It was her suggestion that I should  come  round to you.
More specifically, they called for further streamlining of the agenda, updating of the work programme and continuous biennialization and clustering of items.
154. The SPT recommends that the authorities take steps to ensure that access to interpretation is guaranteed in practice.
As stressed by the Harare expert group, integrated water resource management is therefore essential for integrating and reconciling interests in the river basin — whether national or international — with regard to water quality, quantity and the aquatic ecosystems.
The European Council looks for the early ratification of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement and is determined to exploit to the full its possibilities.
 5. Implementation of article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
S/2002/855
At the close of any private meeting, a communiqué may be issued to the press through the Secretary-General of UNCTAD.
35. Mr. Yamagiwa (Japan) expressed his delegation’s appreciation to the Secretariat for its report contained in document A/52/580 and, in particular, for part II which, for the first time, provided an understanding of the current positive trends in the personnel structure of the Organization.
A couple carrying their belongings pass a sign advertising a new property development in Beijing. The property market in big cities is being badly hit by unemployment.
1. Mohammad Abu Shawish
1. Peacebuilding Commission
France's National Data Centre supports the development of CTBTO's International Data Centre, both by providing software (infrasound data analysis, performance monitoring tools for the network of stations) and by seeking innovative solutions.
After sign-up, documents will be sent to the subscriber via
Nobody knows who I am.
para. 16
A total of 10 States have policies and measures in place to monitor, regulate and control the production, sale and transfer of arms and explosives.
It's good to be home.There's no place like home.
The National Disaster Management Framework was also launched and a national disaster management fund established.
Support Officer (1 P-4 position, continuation)
That's why I can hear it speak.
Muslim reproductive health promotion: There are more than 20 million Muslims in Ningxia and Xinjiang.
Convinced that the wishes and aspirations of the peoples of the Territories should continue to guide the development of their future political status and that referendums, free and fair elections and other forms of popular consultation play an important role in ascertaining the wishes and aspirations of the people,
Eyespot rasbora
96. The third element of the programme is training and education in equal treatment or non—discriminatory behaviour.
Lastly, he noted that his view was shared by all countries of the European Union.
38. Although there was a need for a comprehensive convention, there was still much to be done to implement existing instruments by updating legislation and improving financial and banking cooperation.
H.E. Mr. Munir Akram
20. His mandate also provided for him to communicate regularly with governments concerning alleged violations of the human rights of indigenous people, with the aim of protecting victims as a group.
[on the report of the Fifth Committee (A/56/736/Add.2)]
34. Four States Parties reported having implemented measures for civilian protection from cluster munitions remnants in line with action #11.
It sounds much, but is there simply one tree that was planted by you
As manufacturer and exporter, we make a certain contribution to the development of perchloric acid.
European Union
Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee
Article 19 For a bill which has been put on the agenda of the current session of the National People's Congress, where necessary, the executive chairman of the presidium may call a session of the delegation leaders to hear the deliberation opinions of the various delegations on major matters covered by the bill and conduct discussions, and shall report to the presidium the status of the discussion and the opinions expressed.
A taper has two sides, the underside is a circle, the flank is a camber.
Informal meetings on draft proposals convened by delegations
The Advisory Committee recommended, however, that some adjustments relating to the budget format and process should be introduced and that the revised draft financial rules should then be submitted to it before being promulgated.
This fleet consisted of 12 helicopters commercially contracted (2 MI-8, 4 MI-8 (MTV), 2 S-61N and 4 MI-26) and 19 military-type helicopters deployed under letter-of-assist arrangements (4 MI-8T, 4 Allouette II, 4 MI-8MT, 4 MI-24 and 3 MI-35).
Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?
Although there has been a positive increase in recent years, looking at political institutions in Catalonia, there is much room for improvement in the empowerment of women and in raising their profile in positions of power and decision-making.
Multilingualism and accessibility by persons with disabilities
Roopal Patel, fashion director at Bergdorf Goodman in New York, is similarly bullish about the partnership.
New York
The rising value of the renminbi will induce Chinese manufacturers to shift their emphasis from export markets to production for markets at home.
The tree grew to a height of 20 feet.
the two strangers are trying to find out the topic they both interested
More specifically, the Board decided that as part of the current total FAFICS representation to the Board (i.e., four representatives and two alternate representatives) two retiree representatives could be put forth by FAFICS, in consultation with the CEO.
State television Sunday showed Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao visiting a village hit particularly hard by AIDS in eastern China's Anhui province.
Canada, Australia and New Zealand (CANZ) believed that delivering relevant, effective and efficient support to achieve development results in programme countries was the fundamental impetus for the further reform of the United Nations system.
91. The Member States listed below have provided information on assistance rendered to Somalia in compliance with General Assembly resolution 47/160.
Report of the Committee of Experts on Public Administration on its tenth session (Council resolutions 2001/45 and 2003/60)
The Faroe Islands Home Rule Arrangement recognizes the distinct position of the Faroes from national, cultural and geographical points of views within the Realm.
In the Scriptures, we find the best guidelines and principles for a healthy marriage.
I have to remind them, and even myself sometimes, that my son will never be too big for a cuddle or a telling-off.
Samsung Electronics, the corresponding unit of the rival Samsung Group, is much less bullish.
In addition, the site can provide the space for incineration and the off - site incineration involves - distance transport.
Its composition shall be based on that of the Credentials Committee of the General Assembly of the United Nations at its most recent session.
 Estonia is convinced that this, far more than unfounded accusations delivered by the Russian Federation, will contribute to good neighbourly relations between our two countries.
Reaffirming the principles set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, the International Declaration of Human Rights, the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence Against Women,
The country has been thrown into an upheaval.
The content was found to be appropriate, not difficult to understand and suitable for people with secondary education or above.
Nintendo recently dropped the Wii's price, for the first time, to $ 200 from $ 250.
Don't wait to have a lot, to be able serve.
Last revision date:19 May 2009
90. Mr. Singhara Na Ayudhaya (Thailand) said that the Preparatory Committee was meeting at a time when the NPT regime was facing numerous challenges.
13th meeting The scope and application of universal jurisdiction [84]
M. Address by the President of the UNICEF Global Staff Association
History may not repeat itself, but it does frequently rhyme.
During the period under review, four new cases of disappearance were transmitted by the Working Group to the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic.
National report of Colombia
And when the LORD your God brings you into the land that you are entering to take possession of it, you shall set the blessing on Mount Gerizim and the curse on Mount Ebal.
She makes four movies and another season of Friends, only six million.
Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (Article XIV)
In its last report on UNMIL (A/61/852/Add.7, para. 33), the Committee requested that the next budget submission contain an appraisal of the efficiency gains realized.
(d) The international community should reinforce UNLD advocacy by capitalizing on the Education for All Global Monitoring Report, Literacy for Life, 2006, the Final Communiqué of the fifth EFA High-Level Group meeting, held in Beijing in November 2005, and the Monterrey Declaration made at the sixth E-9 Ministerial Review Meeting, held in February 2006;
Requests by mode of contact
13. Invites the Secretary—General, in the report he will present to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session, to provide information about the progress made since the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action on reinforcing the exchange of information and extending collaboration between the organs of the United Nations dealing with human rights and regional organizations in the field of the promotion and protection of human rights;
Cooperative arrangements with United Nations and regional organizations and institutions
Meanwhile it gives a number of policy recommendations from the supply of public goods in the rural experience of typical examples of foreign countries.
Approximately 30 participants from Governments, academic and research institutes, as well as NGOs, mainly from the Asian and Pacific region, attended the conference in their personal capacity.
Accordingly, a more meaningful converter is proposed — one that is defined as the ratio between the number of units of country A’s currency required to purchase in A the same amount of goods and services that one unit of currency of country B would buy in B.
The 1999 Act on Free Access to Information enables the general public to obtain more information from public administration authorities.
Country and inter-country projects aimed at capacity-building in the area of competition and consumer welfare, in particular in the least developed countries
May also be due to excess heat.
To cover the increasing demand for the services of staff counselling, it is proposed to reassign the National Professional Officer post from the Information Systems and Telecommunications Section to the Staff Counsellor position.
Nanpara
48. Another example of discriminatory legal doctrines is the law in regard to treaties made with indigenous peoples.
3. The rules of procedure of subsidiary organs shall be those of the committee, as appropriate, subject to such modifications as the committee may decide upon in the light of proposals made by the subsidiary organs concerned.
The Committee has reflected concerns expressed by some programme managers of the regional commissions regarding the possible impact of the proposed staffing reductions in the individual sections in the present report and has noted the assurances of the Secretary-General that mandates will be delivered in full (see also chap. I, para. 25).
Reactive dye stuff forms oxygen bond with cellulose fibre, therefore color stays, it mean good fastness.
Special mention was made of it in the final communiqué issued at the end of the third regular session of the Conference of Heads of State of the Central African Economic and Monetary Community (CEMAC), held in Yaoundé from 7 to 9 December 2001.
(ii) Non-recurrent publications: emerging issues in infrastructural development in Central Africa (1); South-South and triangular cooperation: implications for Central African countries (1); status of the implementation of the ECCAS free trade zone (1); strategies for the improvement of ECCAS/CEMAC market performance (1);
While taxing profits looks good on paper, it encourages oil producers simply to shift their profits to a tax haven.
It seemed to him that perhaps IMF was not working in conformity with the Commission's wishes.
Austria cooperates with the EU Member States and with the accession countries within the European Competition Network.
Oriente cave rat
Methods Hertzian contact response of feldspathic dental porcelain to cyclic fatigue.
(c) Ensure that child victims of sexual exploitation or abuse have access to free, child-sensitive complaints mechanisms and are not criminalized or penalized; and
The cost is immaterial.
The Special Rapporteur emphasized that many religious minorities face various forms of discrimination, for example with regard to official registration procedures or undue limitations when disseminating materials and displaying religious symbols.
With regard to prevention, increasing AIDS education in schools cannot be achieved in countries such as mine for various reasons, especially due to the high number of teachers who have died of AIDS and to the lack of financial resources to carry out campaigns.
21. Liberia
For the study, researchers measured the women's telomeres, which were a sign of biological aging.
You can pick and eat while doing some farm work.
The measures adopted with regard to events referred to in this Declaration must be consistent with international law and the domestic legislation of the affected State.
Finally, the improved algorithm NEA is applied in the evaluation of teaching.
A number of participants highlighted important human rights initiatives being conducted in their countries, including human rights education action plans; national plans of action in the field of human rights (including those currently being prepared); legislative reform; establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions; signature and/or ratification of international human rights instruments; increased NGO participation in and contribution to the promotion and protection of human rights; technical cooperation projects; and improved remedies for victims of human rights violations, including compensation for victims of torture.
The Opening Ceremony of the Central & Western District Tourism Festival 2008/09.
98. No other matters were raised under this agenda item.
If, according to the procedure established by legal acts, a person under 18 years of age is (was) to be insured by the state social insurance, the level of working capacity shall be established for the person under 18 years of age.
The term describes the action of combining and replacing several classification levels by a single, broader classification level (called a "band").
Plans on personnel requisition, supports on recruiting process. Manages on department personnel and performance evaluation.
The High Commissioner may incur obligations for the implementation of projects to the extent that monies and governmental pledges are available in the appropriate fund or account.
A group of veteran Chinese Communist Party members and academics issued a joint statement criticizing the government for excessive media censorship.
Enclosure Implementation measures
She has participated in the exchange programme in the US and ranked first in class over the past two years.
Use of cameras and cellular phones
Ban Ki-moon has just returned from the Arctic where he traveled to see first hand how modern-day climate change is altering the region.
Agenda item 119: Human resources management (continued)
The assuredness and predictability of financial resources for UNCTADs technical cooperation should be enhanced, particularly through continued support from UNDP, the regular budget and unearmarked contributions from bilateral donors, in order to facilitate the planning and execution of operational programmes and promote a greater degree of coherence in activities;
It also has significant consequences regarding the dynamics of multilateral trade negotiations, since it suggests that those countries which are ready to participate in the kind of “global trade” which information technologies now allow will give high priority to liberalizing trade in telecommunications services, as well as trade in the goods and services which allow the production of such services.
July 2001
Some delegations urged donors to increase their assistance to countries hosting large numbers of refugees and welcomed efforts to quantify the contributions of these countries, encouraging the pursuit of strategies to promote international solidarity and burden-sharing.
Employers who fail to make a report required by the Prefectural Labour Bureau or who have made a false report are punished through civil fines.
55. Country offices work most effectively when they are large enough and have sufficiently qualified staff to implement complex human rights strategies.
3. Owing to the high proportion of young people in the populations of the countries of the Rio Group, the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Youth was particularly important.
However, their recent economic recovery remains fragile because of their continued reliance on the export of a few primary commodities, the occurrence of civil strife and natural disasters.
So this passage is extreme and Milton's poem, wonderfully, is perfectly able to identify it as such.
We also strongly believe that the Conference on Disarmament should play its mandated role as the sole multilateral negotiating body on disarmament.
A citizen of Tajikistan abroad shall remain under the protection of the State.
As far as the Organized Crime Convention was concerned, Slovakia reported that it had responded to one request for legal assistance/extradition using that instrument as a legal basis.
:: Coordinating the project cooperation which Norwegian women's organizations have with women in Africa, Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe
What do you say about bees, Mary?
However, it is concerned:
In this respect, last month's multilateral negotiations on climate change in Copenhagen were a shrill wake-up call.
Summary of official meetings
Learn how to say all the short words in English.
UNEP(DTIE)/Hg/INC.4/1
Appendix III Organizations Which Had Held Seminars with PCPD Participation
6. Domestic violence crosses all cultures, races, religions and economic lines.
In the absence of a definite design of their own, many developers assume that whatever Microsoft or Apple have done is good design.
The international community must come together to take a coordinated, far-sighted and global approach.
24 July 1998
The idea that language may affect thought and perception was first put forward by Benjamin Lee Whorf in a book entitled
Swear that?
3.2 Voluntary contributions
While we understand that the draft resolution deals exclusively with only one of the priority issues on the agenda of the Conference on Disarmament, we wish to emphasize that South Africa's support for the draft resolution is without prejudice to the priority we attach to nuclear disarmament and negative security assurances, as agreed to in the nuclear disarmament action plan set out in the Final Document of the 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT/CONF.2010/50 (Vol. I)) and to other priority issues on the disarmament agenda, such as the prevention of an arms race in outer space.
THEY did not like each other much, Alexander Solzhenitsyn and Russia's liberal intelligentsia.
40. The prosecution of perpetrators of serious crimes should not depend on their country or region of origin.
Objective To discuss the feasibility, indications and clinical value of laparoscopic common bile duct exploration with primary suture.
RESULTS: The Hp eradication rate of BCT and OCT was 80 %, 83 %, respectively.
In that context, we commend the efforts of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in combating corruption, organized crime and drug trafficking.
67. We underscore the importance of governments taking a leadership role in developing policies and strategies through an inclusive and transparent process.
In many countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia, many competing national priorities inhibit the allocation of resources to expand access to HIV/AIDS care, support and treatment.
Country subdivisions by administrative level
The UNHCR concludes that while discrimination against ethnic Armenians is not a proclaimed official policy in Azerbaijan, there is clearly a certain amount of discrimination against them in daily life that is tolerated by the authorities.
Ermete Realacci, head of a parliamentary environment committee, said the agricultural emergency was 鈥渧erging on a natural disaster鈥?
General Assembly
However, while there were a greater number of emplacement and repatriation trips actually undertaken than anticipated for the period, the significantly lower cost incurred under emplacement, repatriation and rotation of troops stems primarily from fewer rotation trips actually undertaken and the lower actual cost of contingent travel for the period.
Item 8
The implementation dimension accounted for $1.611 million, and 50 per cent of related outcome indicators showed considerable progress.
Angola, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, the Dominican Republic, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, Senegal, Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Swaziland and Sweden subsequently joined the sponsors.
In the roots, there were carboxylic acid ester and alkane.
expenses of the United Nations
5. At its 201st meeting, the Special Committee elected its officers by acclamation as follows:
c For the six-month period from 1 July to 31 December 2002 only.
The impact of these efforts, however, might be enhanced by their endorsement and dissemination as official inter-agency policies, principles and practices.
47. A key conclusion is that the success of a science, technology and innovation policy review depends critically on the availability and involvement of a strong, credible, high-level counterpart in the process.
Number of countries that have adopted policy in accordance with Montreal Protocol
Thirty-first session
National country profiles would include an overview of national legislation, a cost estimate to establish a used oils environmentally sound management system, estimate of necessary infrastructure, public awareness-raising campaign, etc.
Settlements in Corruption Cases
Dongchangfu District
For 5 years he put in so much effort to adjust to his new life, how can you hurt him just as he starts to like the country like that.
Members of the Constitutional Council enjoy the immunity accorded to members of Parliament.
32. Furthermore, most bilateral agreements are between developed countries.
Do have anther cup of coffee before you go.
15. During the reporting period, the Committee considered four requests for travel-ban waivers under paragraph 4 (c) of resolution 1521 (2003), all of which were granted (Jewel Howard Taylor, Simão Rosenblum, Mohamed Salame and Tupee Enid Taylor).
To provide schools with modern study and laboratory equipment, computers, textbooks and study materials;
Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide
Judging from the color and style, this porcelain was fired with advanced skills.
"Human laughter has robust roots in our animalian past," said Jaak Panksepp, a professor of psychobiology at Bowling Green State University in Ohio.
In addition, the target indicator of 8,000 was defined before the Joint Ceasefire Commission completed its work and before the decree on rank harmonization was issued
In this respect, birth registration must be universal.
III. Organizational matters 24 - 32
Conference room papers may later be converted into documents in the general, limited or restricted series or may have their contents incorporated into the report of the body concerned without further independent distribution.
Under agenda item 70, entitled "Promotion and protection of human rights", the Third Committee recommends, in paragraph 5 of document A/62/439, the adoption of one draft decision.
22. The Ministry of Gender, Labour and Social Development handled, inter alia, gender-related issues.
The distance from the gate to the grange is two miles; I believe I managed to make it four, what with losing myself among the trees, and sinking up to the neck in snow: a predicament which only those who have experienced it can appreciate
Accepted.
Governments were primarily responsible for ensuring that all groups involved in armed conflicts abided by internationally agreed standards.
Regulations may prohibit any disturbance of such communities so that a large proportion of the known sulphide occurrences may be excluded from any commercial exploration at an early stage.
1. Draft report
"Dad, now what?"
Article 24. Methods of procurement, an accompanying footnote
Traumatic brain injury can occur during a car crash, a fall or an act of violence.
The more you explain, the more I feel muddle. The expert said that it is not easy to fit different culture for a life.
The hornets are the worst -- they often lurk outside the hives to rob the bees. "
Once the people's court makes a judge declaring the bankruptcy of the company, the liquidation group shall hand over the liquidation matters to the people's court.
In addition, the host country provided funding to erect a line of protection along the western perimeter of the Headquarters to reduce the vulnerability of the buildings facing First Avenue.
Last year, Mongolia had held two rounds of talks with the Russian Federation and China regarding the content and format of the treaty.
San Sebastián Coatán
According to a study conducted by the AIDS Prevention Studies Center of the University of California at San Francisco, 4000 new infections of HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, could be avoided per year if the federal ban on needle exchanges was lifted
It should be stressed that a State party cannot justify its non-compliance with the core obligations set out in paragraph 37 above, which are nonderogable.
:: Continue identifying, in its future work on examination of the national reports, national practices in implementing resolution 1540 (2004) that might be used in providing further general and specific guidance upon request, to States seeking assistance in implementing the resolution
i "Motivational interviewing" refers to a counselling and assessment technique that follows a non-confrontational approach to questioning people about difficult issues like alcohol and drug use, assisting them to make positive decisions aimed at reducing or stopping such use (ODCCP).
All international students in Peking University are welcome to apply.
4. Decision concerning the thirteenth instalment of individual claims for damages above $100,000 (category D claims) (S/AC.26/Dec.165 (2002)).
My mom makes good macaroni and cheese.
Promote the Subject Reform and Train the Creative People
Firefighting truck Front end loader, light (< 1 cubic meters)
294. With regard to expected accomplishment (b), it was found to be limiting to highlight, in terms of standards, one conclusion of the Executive Committee, and clarification was sought as to how to measure compliance with regard to the Executive Committee's conclusions on women and girls at risk and on children at risk.
Decide at the outset what kind of learning programme you want to follow.
One who performs a theatrical role.
In one approach, the existence of commercial fraud is said to be determined by the fraudulent intent of the perpetrator.
Children who are at risk of being re-trafficked should not be returned to their country of origin unless it is in their best interests and appropriate measures for their protection have been taken.
Game, Meat and Poultry _ Controlled Imports
And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.
By the way, it also put forward a correlative proposal about system design.
They reaffirmed that the development of a UN approach to SSR must take place within the General Assembly, and stressed that the formulation of strategies to SSR, including its scope and mandate, should be carried out through the intergovernmental process; and
Planned activities included an intercomparison and calibration of African Dobson spectrophotometers in South Africa and calibration of Brewer spectrophotometers in Brazil.
25. The present section focuses on the basic human rights of which Palestinians and other Arabs of the Occupied Palestinian Territory are partially or totally deprived.
Photoelectric detector and photoelectric encoder carry on the deviation to measure.
(f) Measurements with electromedical equipment.
References for the sixty-eighth session (agenda item 129)
15. Features beyond a single sovereignty:
Recalling also Security Council resolutions 237 (1967) of 14 June 1967 and 259 (1968) of 27 September 1968,
 My Government fully supports the decision the Security Council is about to take to authorize the establishment for humanitarian purposes of a temporary multinational force.
But you never have.
Chambers Expert Group
The report also continues to cite unreliable, distorted and politically biased sources of information to describe the situation in Syria and places responsibility for deteriorating conditions on the Syrian Government, while ignoring documented information the Government has submitted.
McLean Nunataks
(c) Observers for intergovernmental organizations: Council of Europe, Organisation internationale de la Francophonie;
As Chairman of the 31-member Group of Land-Locked Developing Countries for the past four years, the Lao People's Democratic Republic has spared no effort in bringing the special needs and problems of land-locked developing countries to the forefront of the international arena.
To support Member States in meeting their obligations under the relevant major multilateral environment agreements.
Indonesia was going through a process of democratization and decentralization along with efforts to consolidate economic recovery.
MSG Matrix Support Group, Lesotho;
When its mother saw this she began to weep and wail all all the more, saying: "she would rather have had no child at all than a donkey," and telling the servants to throw it in the river for the fish to eat.
Slovenia Miha Wohinz, Maja Prodan, Klavdijo Stroligo, Ljubomir Jovanovic, Bruno Blazina
21. On 27 February 2014, the Special Rapporteur organized an Expert Meeting on the Use of Force by Law Enforcement Officials, held in Geneva, Switzerland.
The library also has a wide range of legal reference materials available in electronic form, either on CD-ROM or On-line databases.
Moreover, each moment the sun arises, i tell myself , today, and every day, every hour, every minute can just be wonderful , fantastic and special.
List of minor planets/66201–66300
Competence centre for women in science and technology (Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania)
118. The advisory services programme has not provided sufficient support for surveys required prior to ratification of a human rights treaty or for the preparation of reports by States in need of assistance.
23. Situation of human rights in Iraq . 15
Human beings are making attempts to hunt wild animals for a big profit. , which, of course, results in a sharp decrease in the number of animals.
2. Invites the Executive Secretary of the Commission, under the direction of the Secretary-General and in conformity with the goal of maximizing the impact of the United Nations in the field of economic and social development, to reorganize the secretariat so as to enhance its capability to service the subsidiary structure of the Commission and implement its revised programme of work under the framework of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005;
Juventus have declared that the player is untransferable , but may now consider the option of letting him go if Inter striker Julio Cruz were to be included in the move.
Over two thirds of the town was controlled by the Hema and the rest by the Lendu.
 However, a substantial portion of the reduction appears to arise as the unintended consequence of a series of administrative decisions whose full impact is only now being recognized.
PBF/BDI/B-4
2. Contribution to the general areas of action of the United Nations
:: His courtroom experience includes trials of cases of serious acts of violence, including murder and rape and other serious criminal assaults, and generally of all crimes covered by the Cyprus Criminal Code.
Gameloft publishes video games & video games that are at times extremely similar to ones that have been published by other companies.
Thats why food research is often done with supplements
Based on the available evidence, pentachlorobenzene is likely, as a result of its long range environmental transport, to lead to significant adverse human health and/or environment effects, such that global action is warranted.
The Regional Public Prosecutor merely had to make a legal evaluation, which he did both thoroughly and adequately.
(3) The WTO Regional Workshop on Competition Policy, Economic Development and the Multilateral Trading System: the Doha Mandate and Options for the Future, held in Bangkok from 21 to 23 January 2003;
Chapter
Beneficiaries of provisional travel grants will attend the session of the Working Group, if held in Geneva in 2007.
4. Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
At the end of 2002, the balance of cash and term deposits was $138.7 million, compared to balances of $140.5 million and $123.7 million in 2001 and 2000, respectively.
It would be no different from re-introducing or reopening the issue of "social clause" - i.e., imposing a certain uniform basis of social protection as a condition of participating in the multilateral trade system - and this would be dangerous.
The blockade of the land and sea boundaries has raised poverty levels in Gaza.
13. The Joint Meeting on Environmental Indicators for the countries of the Eastern Europe, Caucasus and Central Asia and South-Eastern Europe regions was held in Geneva in August 2009. The meeting was organized by the United Nations Statistics Division and ECE and was supported by Eurostat and FAO.
When countering terrorism, the international community needed to abide by the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and other basic norms governing international relations.
The goal of all will be to try to explain to a confused and often unenlightened citizenry that there are not two equally valid scientific theories for the origin and evolution of universe and life.
I wish everyone wonderful holidays.
III. Recommendations of the Fifth Committee
That be now, however, many persons but wasted big good time in the regret lastly with the misgiving the future.
Effectiveness of Controls Preventing Access to Weapons by Terrorists
If I had to choose between a blow job and cassavetes, I would choose cassavetes.
As long as she loved him vigorously he could see how confidence could be, but when that was no longer the binding chain--well, something might happen.
It is easy to drive using the Interstate highway system.
10. Energy and natural resources for development
JIU/REP/2003/3
The bulletin as issued was to govern an activity envisaged for a short time and it provided for ad hoc arrangements that do not reflect the current status and activities of the Institute and the provisions relating to the Board.
With the aim of securing the progress called for in the abovementioned resolutions, and in order to support the efforts made in 2004, the Personal Representative of the High Commissioner herewith submits her recommendations.
What are the prospects for other developing countries to follow in their footsteps?
The Bush administration must lead the Western initiative in harmonized, direct negotiations with Iran, and, if these negotiations succeed, the US must also be willing to agree to appropriate guarantees.
We need counters against the financial and subsidy protectionism that arose out of the crisis.
D. Main features of the Model Law
The system divided the civil service into occupational classes, each of which included a range of jobs with private sector analogues.
Both studies recorded increased activity in parts of the brain's "reward system".
The year 2004 was marked by series of important events, including the bicentenary of Independence, the departure of President Aristide, the installing of an interim Transitional Government, the unanimous approval by the Security Council on 30 April of resolution 1542 (2004) establishing the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH), whose mandate has just been renewed until June 2005, and, in particular, the terrible floods in May and cyclone Jeanne in September (1,870 dead, 884 missing, 2,620 injured, some 4,630 homes destroyed and 300,000 disaster victims).
Best commercial property - Cartoon Figure
of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
Freud was excited when he heard this. He began to try to cure his patients in the same way.
Responses were received from Armenia, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Colombia, Denmark, Hungary, Indonesia, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Malaysia, Maldives, Mexico, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan, Peru, the Philippines, Portugal, Qatar, Senegal, South Africa, the Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the United States of America and Viet Nam.
Five suspects, allegedly the ringleaders, were transferred to the joint Chadian-Sudanese border monitoring force.
Conditional cash transfers improve school attendance and performance.
103. According to satellite imagery obtained from the Operational Satellite Applications Programme on 22 February 2014, over 1,300 buildings have been destroyed, the majority of which are located in the third, fifth and eighth districts of Bangui, which is where the majority of Muslims were residing.
The first meeting will take place on Monday, 11 February, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 1.
Pansy and Lawrence have joint-venture casinos with, respectively, MGM of the US and Australia's Publishing and Broadcasting.
m so afraid of your father, Mrs. Gerhardt often said to Jennie in this intermediate period.
He spends up to 80 hours creating each bikini with 40 paper thin flexible, photo-voltaic panels and conductive thread.
List of state leaders in 187
The provisions in the 2001/02 budget are based upon average costs of $0.33 for vehicle fuel and $0.32 for aviation fuel, based on fluctuations in market prices in the 1999/00 and 2000/01 financial periods.
14 November 2001a
The Agency continued to provide advice to States on developing national legislation on the safe and peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
And in another instance I received a shwup email invitation on my BlackBerry and replied to it with an attached photo, which -- in seconds -- sent that photo from my BlackBerry to the specified shwup album.
But  spontaneous  combustion of carbon accumulation in compressors is a potential safety hazard.
225. The Working Group encourages the Government of Indonesia to communicate with the Working Group to further the clarification of the 154 outstanding cases.
(g) Appointment of members of the Joint Inspection Unit
:: Diversifying funding sources and overhauling the cost recovery system;
Priests. Children. You know   the usual.
How does Kennan explain the importance of Marxism for the Soviet leadership?
30. Despite the absence of a formal agreement on the delineation of the ceasefire lines, the two sides have now implicitly accepted the UNFICYP definition of the lines, with very few exceptions.
Strengthening research into basic theories, organizing the tackling of key scientific and technological problems, developing and popularizing prac"itical technology for environmental pollution prevention and control, fostering the growth of environmental protection industries, and giving initial shape to an environmental protection scientific research system.
What stood out for me was the way he cleverly framed many of his shots using the landscape such as trees, rock formations and arches.
49. Most organizations have indicated to OHCHR that they intend to familiarize their members and constituencies with the outcome of the Conference, particularly with regard to the paragraphs that are of relevance to their areas of work.
The details are provided in the table below.
More and more students don't like the teachers to spoon-feed the lesson.
2. Welcomes the report of the Secretariat on resource mobilization;
In this Act,
Equally important, Governments should create conditions, including through regional mechanisms, to retain technically skilled manpower and to attract expertise from overseas.
More bilateral agreements with a view to furthering international cooperation in drug control would also be welcome.
Each of the three tasks involves very considerable danger.
107. On 7 April 2003, the Secretary-General's report on his mission of good offices in Cyprus was officially released.
The majority of cases of fraud occur in the developing world, most notably Africa, where over 51 per cent of respondents had been victimized.5
Meanwhile, like any demigod, he made bits of legend: that he failed math in school (not true)
ISAF is working with coalition forces and Afghan authorities to complete an election security plan and to coordinate the implementation of a security framework.
It's easy to understand that under the present circumstances a person can't carry anything that would compromise him.
Mauritania
Please refer to paragraph 2.2.5 of the Guide to Application for joint application.
5-16 July
b See note 2 (l) (ii).
As of late, health promotion, as an element of early prevention, has been an important factor in the process.
We must dispense with the excuse that helping poor countries develop is something that we cannot afford.
In addition, the debt management capacity of debtor countries should be further strengthened.
In early 2007, he left Uzbekistan and obtained UNHCR refugee status in Kazakhstan in March 2007.
One speaker referred to the need for international information security.
We know that such consultations precede the adoption of draft resolutions; the decisions have already been taken by the time the Council holds the public meetings in which the general membership is able to participate.
The vast majority of the oil and other hydrocarbons seem to be gone, less than six months after the crude stopped flowing.
The Rebirth of a King
The training programme provided the participants with knowledge and skills on their operational procedures concerning the vessel traffic management systems' operation, measures of reporting of incidents on pollution, piracy and smuggling search and rescue operations by the Philippine Coast Guard and other matters that require immediate decision-making.
Around 3 January 2009 Israeli ground troops entered Gaza from the north and east.
2. The conduct took place in the context of and was associated with an international armed conflict.
At the 11th meeting the representative of Papua New Guinea introduced revised draft resolution A/AC.109/2000/L.10/Rev.1 which the Special Committee adopted without a vote (A/AC.109/2000/26).
64. Several delegations laid special emphasis on the continuation of the consideration of items and proposals regarding the question of the maintenance of international peace and security, in particular those addressing the functions of the General Assembly.
Casualties and damages
The TPA will measure the local Martian thermal (cold, or lowest-energy) plasma density, drift velocity and temperature.
36. The coordination and implementation of the decisions and recommendations of United Nations conferences on economic and social issues of global scope were of critical importance for alleviating problems in the economic and social sectors.
Kingston, Jamaica
His Government accorded top priority to improving the human habitat.
4. The governance structure shall be reformed in order to enhance accountability, transparency and the horizontal coherence of the activities of the organization with a view to enabling the organization to better respond to the needs of its member States.
C. Domestic standards
In decision 1/COP.1, the COP adopted its rules of procedure, with the exception of some paragraphs contained in rules 22, 31 and 47.
13. The demarcation team shall fix a pillar site on the bank opposite the intersection of the tributary on the Eritrean claim line with the Belesa B.
To get the best result, it is necessary to find the most appropriate teaching material and method to match the levels of the students and what they need.
Recalling the dispatch in 1977 of a United Nations visiting mission to the Territory,
The combined arms shipments consisted of AK-47 assault rifles -- 314 units; PKM machine guns -- 35 units; DShK anti-aircraft guns -- 7 units; ZU-23 anti-aircraft guns -- 5 units; and ammunition for all of those weapons.
The implication is that capital controls may need to be blunt and comprehensive, rather than surgical and targeted, to be truly effective.
I. Introduction 1 - 6 3
184. Therefore, we consider the first paragraph of the guideline to be superfluous, as it reiterates the contents of guideline 4.5.1, on the nullity of an invalid reservation.
Ms. Eugénie Liliane Arivony (Madagascar)
This is another way of trying to scare countries or punish them.
(b) Influence of alcohol and peers;
If canal boats are supplanted by railroads, serious unemployment will result.
Armoured personnel carrier track replacement (each)
28. So far in 2007, nearly 130,000 people have been displaced because of insecurity in Darfur.
18 September 2003 Original: ENGLISH UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION
Since we have just achieved the 25% gender benchmark, we do not have any plan to raise it further at this stage.
Daniel Mendoza Boxing matches were very popular in England two hundred years ago.
I wish to cite our accomplishments on child rights implementation in the Philippines.
For them, financial support is necessary to lend credibility to the proposed programmes and to execute projects.
Men having sex with men
The view was expressed that, at the present time, given the work being conducted by the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, opening a discussion on revision of the Principles was not warranted.
The total Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) at this level was 99 percent in 2011/2012 academic year.
II. Deliberations of the Executive Board
Hercules, you've got nothing to say to me, 'Cause you're not the blinding light that I need.
7. Calls upon all States to take the following actions, as called for by the Secretary-General of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation, to foster a domestic environment of religious tolerance, peace and respect by:
Distr.: General
The Nuclear Safety and Control Act requires a licence for the export from Canada of all goods listed in the Nuclear Non-proliferation Import and Export Control Regulations.
43. Pursuant to Council resolution 8/5, the Advisory Committee, at its 3rd meeting, on 27 January, held a discussion on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order.
377. When will I know if I have the job
Treatment is based on elimination of moisture from the ear canal.
When he was led away by court officers, he turned to look at his wife, who was sitting in the courtroom.
Guided by the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and reaffirming General Assembly resolutions 60/230 of 23 December 2005 and 62/218 of 22 December 2007 on the Convention, and all other relevant international resolutions,
(Signed) BAN Ki-moon
From 1999, when UNIDO plans to transfer responsibility to another organization in the Centre, it expects to become a recipient of services rather than the provider.
Request by South Africa to become a member of the Committee
The confirmation of charges hearing, initially scheduled for 4 July 2011, was postponed at the request of the prosecution in view of delays caused by technical difficulties encountered in reviewing electronic devices seized at the premises of the suspect.
19. Three operations were conducted during the reporting period from the Mechanism's sector headquarters in Kadugli to the areas of Torakit, Wadega and Kafia Kingi.
Anti-aircraft equipment was provided to both separatist regimes.
Its major functions are as follows: (1)  To comply with and observe the relevant laws, regulations and policies of the State governing bidding and tendering for construction projects, and formulate the relevant rules and regulations thereof; (2)  To direct and inspect bidding and tendering work in each region and department; (3)  To summarize and exchange experiences regarding bidding and tendering work, and provide relevant services; (4)  To protect national interests and supervise the bidding and tendering activities of all major projects; and (5)  To examine and approve the inter-provincial agencies for construction bidding and tendering.
189. Takes note with appreciation of the work of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission, with the advice of the Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea, on the development of procedures for the implementation of Parts XIII and XIV of the Convention, and also takes note of the review of the Advisory Body of Experts to be conducted by an open-ended working group with representatives from member States;
59. Also identifies progress made in legislation and measures adopted by States to correct inequalities in access by people of African descent to education, health, housing, justice and employment, and urges States to continue to develop and take measures to ensure full equality of access for people of African descent;
26. Following ratification of the ILO Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 100) on 29 March 1966, Chad enshrined this principle in article 246 of the Labour Code.
The whole downstairs needs repainting.
Bulb
Expressing deep concern regarding the increasing number of displaced persons and refugees in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo caused by the resumption of the attacks of the 23 March Movement,
How do you use this program?It looks quite complicated.
Security interests
The only problem to be concerned about is that an overdependence on the market forces does not create the conditions for an economic and financial crisis that may suddenly have an adverse effect on the nature of the poverty or increase the number of the poor.
Instead, they found only bubbles and a thin oil slick.
The Office was often denied access to detention centres to determine international protection needs despite States' obligations to extend cooperation under Article 35 of the 1951 Convention and other international norms.
These challenges highlight the importance of sustainable forest management to increase revenue collection, attract private investments and eventually decrease dependence on external financing.
Mr. Reshetov
44. The expert is again heartened by the positive role played by civil society in monitoring and drawing attention to human rights concerns in the various regions, as well as its creative efforts in addressing them.
Agricultural practices must be sustainable and sound in order to protect lives.
  "The highest award of the year amounting to $120,180 was granted to the victim of a serious injury case,"a department spokesman said today (November 6).
We support the Secretary-General's bold statement of position with respect to the mitigation of armed conflicts generally, and those on the African continent and in the Middle East in particular.
44. At the end of her visit from 26 to 29 April 2009 to the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Special Rapporteur noted the high level of tolerance in its multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-religious society.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Salaryman
However, he requests the assignment of two attorneys from Belgrade to assist him in his defence as legal associates.
SPECIAL POLITICAL AND DECOLONIZATION COMMITTEE
The Commission's inclusion of such pay systems would continue to be necessary, as the United States federal civil service evolved.
For the price of one European vehicle, a Senegalese can purchase two Chinese cars
Lastly, it was not clear whether deletions, modifications and additions could be communicated orally or whether they had to be in writing.
A. Government forces
Is it capable of no extension, no communication?
The report emphasizes Africa's importance, but it offers no more than a single concrete recommendation aimed at effectively supporting the continent's development efforts.
Although it is clear that States have an obligation of international cooperation, which is of obvious relevance to global environmental problems such as climate change, clarification of the content of extraterritorial human rights obligations pertaining to the environment is still needed.
Close by here, monsieur, replied the notary--a little beyond Passy; a charming situation, in the heart of the Bois de Boulogne.
DC motor will equably run the rotisserie to roast the body of bird small beast and large sea food.
Continue the Revolution
But high - quality voice would take lot of memory and disk space.
Peru
Chapter Paragraphs
The United Nations could provide a forum where developing countries would share success stories and lessons learned from their respective national efforts to apply science and technology for development.
4. Admission of organizations as observers
A/55/81 and Add.1
Monica: Whose little ball of paper is this
UNFPA also participated as an observer in awareness-creation activities focusing on population and health issues in South Africa that have been organized by other United Nations agencies and international non-governmental organizations.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Algeria, Australia, Bolivia, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, the Comoros, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominica, the Dominican Republic, Guyana, Haiti, Iceland, Italy, Jamaica, Kenya, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Mongolia, Mozambique, Myanmar, Nicaragua, the Niger, Norway, Pakistan, San Marino, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Spain, Sri Lanka, the Sudan, Sweden, Thailand, Timor-Leste, Uganda, the United Republic of Tanzania, Viet Nam, Zambia and Zimbabwe also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
111. Starting in 2010 on the occasion of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities national table-tennis games of persons with disabilities and amateurs were held amid great interest of people and fans under the sponsorship of the Korean Sports Society of Persons with Disabilities.
Compliance with resolutions of the Security Council and the implementation of all requested action plans would lead to de-listing from the annexes of my annual reports.
2 strategic and technical assessments to establish human rights needs for new mandated missions and participate in mission planning exercises
And what will be accomplished with this habit? Herein lies the hidden secret of all man's accomplishments.
I call on the representative of the United States, who wishes to speak on explanation of vote before the voting.
ATC Operation in Road Junctions
The plan will also address the use of force, the prevention and punishment of acts of torture, assistance for vulnerable groups and the application of human rights in the enforcement of judicial orders.
Today, in the Middle East, we are confronted with many challenges.
VII. Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories
Take a look on that world cup does not gamble on ball game interesting?
From Trinidad and Tobago in the south to the Bahamas in the north, hardly any State has been left untouched.
The law shall govern the means for guaranteeing its protection, supporting its structure, strengthening its ties and safeguarding children, mothers and older persons within its fold."
Low-carbon economies are at an "imperative" stage now; tall trees cannot go without nourishment from sunshine and rain!
V. Victims in the criminal justice process
5. Calls upon all States to maintain the existing measures against the apartheid regime as specified in the Declaration on Apartheid and its Destructive Consequences in Southern Africa, annexed to General Assembly resolution S-16/1 of 14 December 1989;
Unfortunately, it comes during our watch.
Options for the types of information to be used for integrated economic and social assessments were also put forth, such as human health and income of marine workers.
Calm down Calm down It was difficult to calm down the football fans.
12. The Committee notes from paragraph 24 of the report that mission factors, intended to compensate troop-contributing countries for extreme operating conditions in the mission area, have been considerably revised.
75. Following the issuance of a Yellow Book on OSS by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MCT), the President of Venezuela signed a decree in December 2004 mandating that all national public administrations should on a priority basis use OSS developed under open standards.
But Mr Wang's reading of the political cycle has prompted him to qualify his own estimate of 9.5 per cent.
Both workshops served as a forum for the exchange of scientific information and the promotion of collaborative research activities among Network members.
24. The Programme of Action also acknowledges that international migration can have significant positive impacts on development, especially through remittances.
The view was expressed that the objective of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes required the updating of international law to explicitly prohibit the use of any weapons in outer space.
Congo
8. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property
Join on right here!
Great Wall consumption - based value - added shares of securities investment funds to update placement prospectuses.
She had no idea how easy exotic effects would get, and just how hard that would make it to capture beauty and truth in the same photograph.
Astringent flavors
KLA: Kosovo Liberation Army
I was everything a well-brought up girl should be. Inside, I was screaming.
Given the Territory's efforts to increase the role of its private sector and to mitigate unemployment, it was agreed that the emphasis would be on activities in private sector development, particularly on enterprises linked to tourism.
Report of the meeting of the Consultative Group of Experts on National Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
Aversion to risk, which was natural among international and national civil servants, should not become avoidance of innovation; institutional partners should be willing to assume some risk as an opportunity for learning.
I looked, and behold, a white horse, and he who sat on it had a bow; and a crown was given to him, and he went out conquering and to conquer
Total, line 12
Tilman was a famous explorer, mountaineer, sailor and writer.
The total fees must be paid prior to the delivery of Learning Services, notwithstanding any contrary term set forth in Schedule 2.
my cat had two fish for lunch.
Approaches, methods and models used
This is a binary comparison.
26 March 1975
A blue cotton shirt.
32. Following the 1996 UNDP-World Bank agreement on evaluation-capacity development, the two organizations undertook a number of joint activities, including participation in meetings hosted by one organization or the other.
These casualties were attributable to beatings, tear-gas inhalation, rubber bullets and live ammunition.
This support provides both monetary donations and increased awareness among New Zealand women of the work of UNIFEM in the Asia Pacific region.
A Senate committee report is due out early in the new year on this subject. (See the section on immigration laws and policies in E/CN.4/2000/68.)
There is a legal lacuna so far as unemployment benefits are concerned, as there are more unemployed women than men.
She was cowed by his intelligence.
The embargo imposed against Cuba violates the basic norms of international law, international humanitarian law, the Charter of the United Nations and the norms and principles that govern the peaceful coexistence of States.
 We urge the international community and financial organs, in particular the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and the Inter-American Development Bank, to give Nicaragua the help it deserves in the exceptional circumstances prevailing there.
(c) There is no integrated coordination of public measures for the expeditious recovery and reintegration of children who have been subject to neglect or abuse in the Faroe Islands;
Make time to practice meditation, and pray. They provide us with daily fuel for our busy lives.
 Separate disclosure should be made of any amounts held in non-convertible currencies;
(d) Science and environment.
Recommendations contained in the report of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
ANNIE: But I am new here, and I'm not sure he is used to that.
Unsustainable use of freshwater is the top priority transboundary concern for the largest number of regions.
Part Two: Action taken by the Conference of the Parties at its first session
Thursday, 19 November 2009, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room B.
European Union (EU) : Result of the Anti-dumping Measures on Imports of Magnesium Oxide Originating in the Mainland of China
Omomyidae
Hotels.
CAN people live on $1 a day and not be considered poor?
After he finished writing the invitation, he sent it out to Mr James at once .
Regulation 23
"I flew all the way from Charlotte, North Carolina, for this event," Yu said.
She gained initial public notice with her performance as Miss Marmelstein in the musical I Can Get It for You Wholesale.
1. At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 17 September 2004, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled "Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-seventh session" and to allocate it to the Sixth Committee.
Guided by Security Council resolutions 1373 (2001) and 1624 (2005), the Committee has been working to enhance the ability of States Members of the United Nations to prevent terrorist acts both within their borders and across regions.
The "glass in-panel out" concept has resulted in manufacturing lines in which cells and modules are fabricated in an integrated fashion.
All is not well.
5. The Committee notes that since the General Assembly adopted the Covenant in 1966, other international instruments have further elaborated the objectives to which education should be directed.
66. CAT was concerned about allegations concerning cases of refoulement and recommended that Nepal enact legislation aimed at prohibiting the return of asylum-seekers without an appropriate legal procedure.
The Summit further recommends that States should consider concluding agreements or arrangements on asset-sharing with countries involved in tracing, freezing or seizure and confiscation of assets originating from organized crime activities.
Sixty-second session
With respect to the second indicator, the Fund is currently assessing what independent research indices could be used to judge changing levels of risk of relapse.
(12) 1.My father was looking through the evening paper when he suddenly let out a cry of surprise
He has attempted to find a peaceful solution to the conflict.
The knowledge management module, SAP cRoom, was originally supposed to replace the functionality, but due to its deficiencies it was decided to replace cRoom with OpenText.
Then, Putin, flanked by Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov, stood on board of the Pyotr Veliky cruiser to watch the Sineva missile blast out of the water and vanish into the gray sky after being launched by the submerged nuclear submarine Yekaterinburg near the Kola Peninsula.
Conclusion of the general discussion
Mr. Jan Arvesen
Early completion of the accession process was also called for.
 28. Within the broad objective of strengthening UNHCR's management capacity, the Executive Committee, at its forty-fifth session, approved the creation of the post of Director of the Inspection and Evaluation Service for UNHCR.
Mr. Garfield Barnwell
 The European Union did not share the Advisory Committee's opinion, expressed in paragraph 9 of its report (A/48/7/Add.17), concerning the posts of resident auditor and management review officer.
Type 96 light machine gun
Summary
He spoke about the methodology employed by the NAPRM-GC, the structures to manage the process, and efforts to ensure education, sensitization and creation of ownership of APRM among the population.
Integrated Response to Violence against Women addressed in Part V
7 July 1999
The Assembly urged member States to adopt preventive and public outreach measures.
In the Panel's view, the methods proposed by Iran are consistent with standard practices in this field.
  We should not overlook the power of language and culture to move us.
747. A number of inter-university centres have been set up to provide common research facilities to research scientists from various universities.
A statement was made by the representative of New Zealand.
Are we going to allow this?
(b) Such consent is not solely set forth in a carrier's public schedule of prices and services, transport document or electronic transport record.
(c) Take all appropriate measures to ensure that those who perpetrate sexual offences against children are effectively punished and that children are supported in denouncing and reporting sexual abuse; and
4. Requests the SBSTA to report on this information to the Conference of the Parties, at its fifth session, and to seek further guidance from the Conference of the Parties on this matter at that session. Decision 14/CP.4
Lima, Peru, 2 December 2013]
It mainly aims for more idiomatic expressions so that target readers can accept them more easily.
8. Welcomes the decision of the Permanent Council of the Organization of American States to the effect that that Organization, acting in conjunction with the Caribbean Community and other political actors and civil society groups, should give support to the Government of Haiti and all other actors involved in order to identify, as soon as possible, any options and make recommendations for resolving the difficulties resulting from the conflicting interpretations of the electoral law, and expresses the hope that that will result in concrete corrective actions by the Government of Haiti and other authorities and continue to strengthen the democratic process in that country;
11. On that point, the Special Rapporteur notes that, insofar as there is no recognized rule or method in international law for establishing opinio juris, it appears rather difficult to say that a rule arising from general practice does not constitute a customary rule.
:: 626 staff members serve on 300-series short-term appointments
In a few minutes, thieves cleaned out over $ 10000 of equipment.
Acting out behavior masks the real problem and instead focuses the couple on the behavior itself.
Those members request to receive and review all material on which the preliminary list is based before holding any further discussions on this issue within the Commission.
Shop 12A, G/F, Block C, Discovery Bay Plaza, Discovery Bay, Lantau Island
The ILO Committee of Experts reiterated its request that Croatia provide specific information on how the principle of the Equal Remuneration Convention (No. 100) is promoted in the context of the National Policy for the Promotion of Gender Equality 2006-2010.
We recall the commitment made by the International Community at the Monterrey Conference in March 2002, to increasing resources for development, including official development assistance.
(b) One from the developing States of Asia;
UNDCP was commended for its initiative to expand further its activities in demand reduction, including targeting young people, and for its use of modern technology for disseminating best practices, training and information-sharing.
309. The UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Centre will provide remote sensing and geographic information system support in assessing impacts on biodiversity, in particular on coral reefs, shorelines and protected areas.
Report of the Human Rights Council (A/64/53, A/64/7/Add.3, A/64/353 and A/C.3/64/3) [64]
Women: review of mainstreaming in organizations of the United Nations system
156. The previous periodic report mentions that following the recommendations of the Task Force Report (2001) which specify various areas of de facto and de jure discrimination, the Sex Discrimination Bill was enacted in 2002.
 7. Administrative and budgetary coordination of the United Nations with the specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency (item 117).
I'm not a wolf, I can't imprint. - It has nothing to do with imprinting.
12. The judges note that the Internal Justice Council is proposing, at paragraph 44, a code of conduct that will regulate the conduct of external lawyers and representatives who appear before the Dispute Tribunal.
The Swiss Atlas of Women and Equality, which appeared simultaneously, reports about differences and similarities observed between regions in the field of gender equality.
 Nevertheless, the Security Council, to accommodate the Government of Haiti and taking into account the exceptional circumstances in that long-suffering tried country, did agree to establish a United Nations peace-keeping operation there.
But I looked at it in this way; what he believed, after inquiring deep into doctrines, was much more likely to be right than what I might believe, who hadn't looked into doctrines at all.
I should have asked him for a shot of penicillin.
New moons are synonymous with beginnings and the planting of seeds.
Military contingent personnel
2004/47. Abduction of children in Africa
(7) State practice supports the solution used by the Court of Arbitration.
The average annual rate of growth of gross domestic product (GDP) in Central America was 1.9 per cent, after reaching 1.5 per cent the previous year and 3 per cent in 2000.
OBJECTIVE To investigate the nasal absorption of huperzine A,which is a reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease.
Dash-and-dot goatfish
Gunbai
Were the participants satisfied with the study?
She stared, coloured, doubted, and was silent.
They all grabbed a shovel and began to shovel dirt into the well.
19. Following the re-election process the Bureau was selected by consensus of the Committee.
It will last a thousand years, at least, this cathedral, and there will be no replica, for the builders will be dead and the formula too.
46. Ms. Goonesekere congratulated Mexico on its fifth periodic report; it provided continuity with previous reports and demonstrated the country's holistic approach to women's issues covering the status of the Convention and legislative and budget reform.
Following the opening remarks by H.E. Mr. Park In-kook (Republic of Korea), Chairperson of the Second Committee, there will be a panel discussion with Mr. Robert Orr, Assistant Secretary-General for Policy Coordination and Strategic Planning; Mr. Tariq Banuri, Director of the Division for Sustainable Development, Department of Economic and Social Affairs; Mr. Michael Levy, Director of the Council on Foreign Relations' program on energy security and climate change; Mr. Massimo Tavoni, Princeton University; and Ms. Jessica Seddon Wallack, Center for Development Finance at the Institute for Financial Management and Research, Chennai, India.
Cases admitted for treatment for drug abuse, by sex (Absolute number and percentage)
33. While the economic and social situation has improved on some fronts, in qualitative terms, the situation in the country has always been ambivalent.
All right, just back away. Just back away!
The existing TEVT system has a wide institutional coverage and a multiplicity of programme offerings.
It was reported that the police and administrative officials appeared reluctant to intervene or, in some cases, were complicit.
In this paper techniques of viral infection proteomics the progress of changes of host cell proteome induced by virus and serum differential proteome of host after viral infection were introduced.
The database contains records for all offices of members of Congress, legislative offices (like the House Clerks Office) and House committees and can be downloaded here .
(b) National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
 We are aware of the need to develop our national capacities in order to implement the programmes envisaged under Agenda 21.
5. These principles are reflected in the following documents:
Given the growing gap in demand and supply of energy, renewable energy has assumed a critical role in the energy supply chain in meeting the rising demand for energy, especially by industry in developing countries.
Ambassador, Ministry of Foreign Affairs
They were also crucial to the mobilization of foreign investment.
States parties should carefully observe distinctions between special measures and permanent human rights in their law and practice.
The fifth priority is to rethink the system of humanitarian relief coordination.
Returns the result in the specified language to the user.
He claims that his forced return to Ethiopia would constitute a violation by Switzerland of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
Tajikistan is implementing targeted activities to expand women's access to land.
State of emergency declared on 27 November 1990. Lifted on 6 December 1990.
39. One of the decisions of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Constitutional Court yet to be implemented relates to the electoral rules for the city of Mostar.
Did you see the way she Iooked at me when she found out I was 43?
Besides the core strategy for a green revolution, the decision calls for related strategies to protect scarce natural resources, including an integrated strategy for sustainable management of land and water resources, strategies for addressing drought and desertification and for adapting to climate change, and improved monitoring as basis for measures to reverse land degradation.
6. Urges the Secretary-General to increase the number of women employed in the Secretariat from developing countries, particularly those that are unrepresented or underrepresented, and from other countries that have a low representation of women, including countries in transition;
Or perhaps we might include a separate paragraph 8 bis, stating clearly that both are part of the package, keeping the chronological order, as you said, and making sure that everyone's concerns are on board.
Submitted by the Coordinator on clearance
In a recent survey, more than 90 per cent of workers said the quality of their working environment affected their mood and attitude, while 89 per cent believed it played a key role in their job satisfaction.
to know/learn something by heart I can recite this poem without looking at it.
8 April 1993
(d) Child-sensitive assessment of protection needs, taking into account persecution of a child-specific nature
3. The Secretary-General administers the Fund through the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), with the advice of a Board of Trustees and in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations.
110. The Strategy underlines the need to enhance coherence within the United Nations system in fostering international cooperation in countering terrorism and promoting all four pillars of the Strategy.
Office of Audit and Performance Review
Full-time
The MOH, despite the pressure of budget cuts, is trying to maintain the access to healthcare treatment particularly to vulnerable groups.
Conclusion Either ultraviolet spectrum or derivative spectrum can be used as a tool of quality evaluation of Hongqu.
May  3,2008  Black Regional Park Activity Schedule, please see page 4.
Having had his say he seemed reluctant to open his mouth again.
A.A
5.1 In his comments on the State party's submission, counsel contests the State party's argument that the communication should be declared inadmissible.
11. The mandate of subsidiary organs should be carefully defined in order to avoid overlapping and duplication of work.
All audit reports prepared by such firms are reviewed by the Internal Audit and Investigations Group before finalization.
In addition, the United Nations Resident Coordinator in the Sudan has prepared an extensive programme to promote economic recovery and thus buttress the peace talks.
He was robbed in broad daylight, in a crowded street.
With regard to the reaffirmation made by the Conference in its resolution 2/1 that any review mechanism established to assist States parties in the effective implementation of the Convention should be transparent, efficient, non-intrusive, inclusive and impartial, the Government of Panama believes that each State party should establish a national mechanism permitting the participation of society in accordance with article 13 of the Convention.
The status as at 31 December 2003 is contained in annex I to the present report.
Between 1962 and 1998, there were 13,498 provocations and violations originating in the territory occupied by the United States under a treaty that is intrinsically unlawful because of its content and the circumstances in which it was imposed on a Cuban government that was submissive and irresolute.
When love is taken as pleasure, then man has cut himself off from beauty and the sacredness of life.
I plan to pay myself to go to a college for studying English .
You suspect that rent or some other monthly expense will increase.
35. The SBI recognized the important role played by the CGE in improving the process of and preparation of national communications from non-Annex I Parties, by providing technical advice and support to non-Annex I Parties, including those Parties that have not yet completed their initial national communications.
Recent events have not compromised the underlying rationale for this recommended reduction, based upon an assessment of the overall security situation and the effectiveness of the national security forces in Abidjan, although the situation will be kept under close review.
The Government settled Mr. Lopez's case on 21 November 1990, by paying him US$ 200,000.
Socio-economic development
CH2N2
Informal consultations on agenda items 115 (Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors (A/55/5/Add.1, A/55/5/Add.7, A/55/5/Add.9, A/55/487, A/55/820 and A/55/836)) and 116 (Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations: Review of the question of the term of office of the Board of Auditors (A/55/796))
The various statistics allow business people and marketers to learn more about their potential customers and how to reach them.
Heated ice cream scoop is used for scooping really cold ice cream.
A recent study found that 20-32% of seafood imported into the United States was likely from illegal, unreported, and unregulated sources.
A mid-term review and a final evaluation to assess achievements, challenges and lessons learned will be carried out in 2011 and 2013, respectively.
Here, you may import symbols from other modules.
The use of the reporting system for ships entering the area will be free of charge (IMO document MEPC 52/54, para. 8.4).
34. From a human rights perspective, norms relating to the provision of an effective remedy require effective investigation and punishment of perpetrators and are a strong basis for States to take measures to protect witnesses.
That option would be viable only if each country met certain qualifications, including having the required "track record" in terms of macroeconomic policy adjustments.
[(total fat x 9) + (avail carbohydrates x 4) + (protein x 4)]  Energy (in kcal)
The mice, Sniff and Scurry, used the simple, trial-and-error method of finding cheese.
Glen noticed some things, asked me to make some inquiries.
Tom, I'm going to make a full dress by myself. I've found a good template.
And with an influx of information an influx of confusion.
But the human brain is far more complex than, and superior to, any mechanical contraption in terms of musicality.
39. Finally, technical assistance programmes and field presence in human rights should be further strengthened; the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights should place greater emphasis on enhancing the complementarity between monitoring and technical assistance.
For this reason, on account of his work and his peaceful struggle to secure recognition of Yukpa ancestral lands, he is regarded as a highly respected leader in his community.
Volume increases in regular contributions in nominal local currency terms and exchange rate gains were offset by shortfalls with respect to actual 2006 payments.
Progress made in the implementation of reforms of operational matters and how the financial mechanism has responded to gaps and to criticisms voiced in the OPS3 and by Parties.
In facing terror and hate, we must raise the flag of civilization, tolerance and brotherhood.
(c) The number of established information networks among policy makers, practitioners and experts within and between regions;
Part of the volcano's dome collapsed and the roads were covered with two inches of mud.
2. Affirms that the provisions set out in paragraphs 11 and 12 of resolution 1772 (2007) shall continue to apply to the mission referred to in paragraph 1 above;
Expressing grave concern about the continuation by Israel, the occupying Power, of settlement activities in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in violation of international humanitarian law, relevant United Nations resolutions, the agreements reached between the parties and obligations under the Quartet road map, and in defiance of the calls by the international community to cease all settlement activities,
It came about at sunset that Joshua gave a command, and they took them down from the trees and threw them into the cave where they had hidden themselves, and put large stones over the mouth of the cave, to this very day.
I shall interrupt our work for a few minutes in order to escort the Minister from the conference room.
III. ISSUES OF PARTICULAR IMPORTANCE
Santa Cristina e Bissone
Brexit would still take at least five years to complete, during which time new elections would take place.
In Japan some firms even monitor whether their employees smile frequently enough at customers.
(e) To recommend actions and measures applicable at the national, regional and international levels to eliminate violations of the human rights of migrants;
As noted in the annotated provisional agenda (IDB.32/1/Add.1), the inclusion of this supplementary item is based on recent experience with sessions of the policy-making organs.
Anything that will bring tangible benefits to Hong Kong, as long as its feasible, the Central government will give it full support
330. FAFICS submitted a note reflecting some slight improvement in the situation of former participants in the Fund from the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.
Funds allocated to implementing partners by selected entities
Japan plundered and destroyed many of the cultural properties forming our national treasure.
We would then proceed to parallel thematic discussions.
UNCC claim number: 4003225
He is married to Mrs. Nan Irama Wisnumurti, and has one daughter, Mrs. Irawati Wibisono.
Yahoo! will have to inform the judge what technology it plans to use to implement that ruling.
Unique in form color beautiful popular children's favorite.
Zambia
In conclusion, I should like to express my pleasure in the relations between our countries in various areas, which have perceptibly advanced, as evinced by the visits that have been exchanged at the highest levels and the consensus on concluding various outstanding issues.
Close cooperation with commercial manufacturers could help initiate measures to limit availability and improve forensic audit capabilities, particularly in cases of IED strikes where sophisticated forensic teams are not readily available.
For example, passwords were not reliable because anyone who knew the defendant's password could have used its e-mail address from anywhere and participated in the auction using the defendant's name, a risk that some courts estimated as "very high", on the basis of expert evidence regarding security threats to Internet communications networks, in particular through the use of "Trojan horses" capable of "stealing" a person's password.
The Committee is nonetheless concerned further that, despite the already existing case law allowing for abortion, no legislation is in place and that this leads to serious consequences in individual cases, especially affecting minors, migrant women, and women living in poverty (arts. 2 and 16).
It may be also used as the carrier for the research of animal cell culturing condition and lays the foundation for industrial production.
Want to learn a cool trick?
General debate
10. The United Nations Forum on Forests can better address the priorities and concerns of the Workers and Trade Unions' major group by involving the group in ad hoc working groups and other forums used to develop guidelines and indicators for sustainable forest management so that they can share experiences and make suggestions on how forests should be socially beneficial in order to contribute to the objectives of sustainable forest management.
Geneva, 4-15 May 2009
Peter Anyang' Nyong'o (Kenya)
The defendant, 46, pleaded guilty to two counts of agent accepting advantages, contrary to Section 9(1)(a) of the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance.
Soon, too soon, she left and started her own life.
(Agenda item 3 (b))
The committee meets quarterly since 2011 and has so far held two National Consultative Forums.
HistoryofChocolate HistoryofChocolate History of Chocolate History of Chocolate  History of Chocolate600  600 Culture and CocoaA.D. 600 the Mayas undertook a massive migration which led this highly civilised people from Central America deep into the northern regions of South America.
It also recommends that the Committee amend paragraph 6 (i) so that relevant States are provided access to all material designated by the submitting State(s) as publicly releasable or releasable to other States upon request, whether as part of the statement of case or of the cover sheet.
"According to earlier national surveys, only a quarter of those having premarital sex for the first time used a condom," he told China Daily.
III. HUMANITARIAN AND HUMAN RIGHTS SITUATION IN KOSOVO
Djibouti
Secure multi-party computation
I feel thy beauty, dark night, like that of the loved woman when she has put out the lamp.
14. The conclusion of an intergovernmental agreement with the Russian Federation on the development of a joint system for remote sensing is under consideration.
Volatile organic liquids; Determination of boiling range of organic solvents used as raw materials
The organization's "Friends on the street" effort provides food, friendship, education and hope to the homeless men and women of the world through its international soup kitchens and information centres.
Preamble
Millions of persons are trafficked worldwide every year, with the most vulnerable, especially children, being particularly at risk.
(Signed) Wang Yingfan
So the question of what ID is held by the subject of one's fancy has to be asked before one falls in love with her or him.
Given the importance attached by the Committee of Experts on Public Administration to best practices, the Division should develop standard methodologies for identifying and compiling best practices in public administration.
This is a remarkable achievement as it far exceeds the recommended 50%.
She wondered if they were both within the Parliament or had merely been established by the Parliament.
It notes in the present case that Djaafar Sahbi was arrested by the police on 3 July 1995 and that his fate is still unknown.
Trump’s main substantive promise has been to bring back middle-class jobs, particularly in manufacturing.
Increase (decrease) in unliquidated obligations
Critical thinking has many benefits.
Functional literacy statistics coming from these centres show that, of the people trained since 1999/2000, the number of women who can now read and write has been significantly exceeding the number of men (table 16).
At issue is an application of the right to retortion, which, according to much of the doctrine, is viewed as inappropriate.
(b) It is thus established that Amnesty International has irresponsibly, contemptibly and groundlessly libelled the Government of Togo.
He's 27 years old, a medical student with a mother and a father just like you, a man whose life also changed the day your son died.
Properties of selected stock oils during aluminum foil rolling were generally evaluated by the quality appraisal standard of stock oil.
... span class='class1'>Liverpool's Champions League dream looked all but over and the half - time whistle couldn't come quickly enough.
We believe that their implementation would contribute further to improving the effectiveness of the methods of work of this Committee, as the General Assembly envisioned when it adopted resolutions 58/41 and 59/95 by consensus, which the United States had the honour to sponsor.
Protection of structures against lightning - General principles
30. Underscoring the key role of effective monitoring and evaluation in the work of UNICEF, one speaker commended the efforts of the organization to strengthen knowledge and capacities in evaluation, including through the conducting of training courses.
He was clumping about in heavy boots that time.
 Likewise, there seems to be a lack of information on children who are victims of sexual exploitation, including incest.
Nevertheless, in respect of disputes falling within the scope of the present Treaty, the Parties shall refrain from invoking as between themselves agreements which do not provide for a procedure entailing binding decisions.
Reaffirming that sustainable progress on security, governance, human rights, including the rights of women and girls, rule of law and development as well as the cross-cutting issues of counter-narcotics, anti-corruption and accountability are mutually reinforcing and that governance and development programmes prioritized for implementation in transition should be consistent with the goals set forth in the Tokyo Declaration and the National Priority Programmes, and welcoming the continuing efforts of the Government of Afghanistan and the international community to address these challenges through a comprehensive approach,
14. Ms. Varnavidou (Cyprus) said that a woman was now heading the Ministry of Education and two of the five members of the Educational Committee were women.
And, uh, they thought it'd be fun to play a little joke on him.
96. The Committee urges the State party to introduce a range of legal, political and administrative options, in line with, temporary special measures, in accordance with the provisions of article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to improve the access of women to decision-making.
He attached two baskets to two tall poles at each end of the gymnasium.
(1) Regular budget
the Human Rights Committee**
Bangkok, 15-19 September 2003
A reference group was also established to provide ongoing strategic guidance on implementation.
Subsequent to implementation of the global fleet management system, the service became fully operational in October 2009
General and complete disarmament
 12. At the same meeting, the representative of the Sudan requested a separate vote on the penultimate preambular paragraph of the revised draft resolution.
As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible , but more complex and more mysterious.
39. It was suggested that countries should design strategies to increase energy output and meet energy security in conjunction with environmental and climate change strategies, given the need to mitigate global warming.
At their arrival at the Maze prison, they reportedly complained about their ill-treatment, were examined by medical officers and also gave statements to the governor of their block.
The video was reportedly removed, and five of the participants were detained.
21. Mr. Hu Xiaodi (China) introduced document NPT/CONF.2005/WP.2, entitled "Nuclear disarmament and reduction of the danger of nuclear war", for incorporation in the report of Main Committee I; document NPT/CONF.2005/WP.3, entitled "Non-proliferation of nuclear weapons", for incorporation in the report of Main Committee II; and document NPT/CONF.2005/WP.6, entitled "Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy", for incorporation in the report of Main Committee III.
IMF
Whoever cherishes in his soul a secret revolt against any deed whatever on the part of the state, of life or of fate, is ripe for riot, and, as soon as it makes its appearance, he begins to quiver, and to feel himself borne away with the whirlwind.
If you must go, at least wait till the rain stops.
Indicators for disaster management have also been completed.
Issues before the Committee
What are the Issues?
Southern Shaolin Monastery
The Bolivian plan aims at full elimination of illicit coca by the year 2002.
Interventions were made by representatives of eight States (Slovakia, South Africa, Turkey, the Republic of Moldova, Brazil, Indonesia, Egypt and Viet Nam), as well as from representatives of INTERPOL, the Commission on Human Rights of the Philippines, the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery, UN.GIFT, Equality Now/European Women's Lobby, Fundación Mujeres en Igualdad (Argentina), the Suzanne Mubarak International Women's Peace Movement (Egypt), International Federation Terre des Hommes (Switzerland), the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom and the International Catholic Child Bureau.
26. Requests the Monitoring Team, upon conclusion of the review pursuant to paragraph 25 of resolution 1822 (2008), to circulate to the Committee every six months a list of individuals on the Consolidated List who are reportedly deceased, along with an assessment of relevant information, such as the certification of death, and to the extent possible, the status and location of frozen assets and the names of any individuals or entities who would be in a position to receive any unfrozen assets, directs the Committee to review these listings to decide whether they remain appropriate, and encourages the Committee to remove listings of deceased individuals where credible information regarding death is available;
Complex-toothed flying squirrel
"Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century": implementation of strategic
The biggest threat comes with Fiat's takeover of Chrysler, and its plans to bring the Fiat Cinquecento to the U. S. late this year.
The budget estimates for the biennium 2006-2007 are then adjusted (recosted) to take into account the impact of inflation and other cost adjustments.
"16. Calls upon all United Nations bodies and specialized agencies to participate actively in the implementation of the Plan of Action contained in the Yokohama Strategy for a Safer World and to consider this issue in the forthcoming sessions of their respective governing bodies;
 The question of Angola is the last hot-spot issue to be resolved in southern Africa.
You know About the other night, I just I just feel like I should apologize.
"5. To develop or maintain accounting standards and practices that improve the transparency of international commercial transactions, and that encourage private and public corporations, including transnational corporations, and individuals engaged in international commercial transactions to avoid and combat corruption, bribery and related illicit practices;
Food insecurity is expected to grow in the months ahead as a result of a missed planting season.
We would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having organized these meetings, which provide us with us an opportunity to express our views on the Secretary-General's report (A/59/2005), for which we are grateful.
Mr. E. Besley Maycock
Like resonances, this mechanism can pry open gaps in rings.
17. Accession to WTO was part of his country's sustainable development strategy and one of the priorities of its external economic policy.
The complete list of the existing reports proposed to the General Assembly for consolidation is contained in annex I to the present report.
General Assembly Official Records
At the same time, fiscal policy has been constrained in some countries by high deficits and debts (which jeopardize market access), and in others (the eurozone, the United Kingdom, and the United States, for example) by a political backlash against further fiscal stimulus, leading to austerity measures that undermine short-term growth.
The Expert Mechanism noted that access to justice is of particular importance "given the gravity of the issues facing indigenous peoples, including discrimination in criminal justice systems, particularly for indigenous women and youth" (A/HRC/21/52, p. 4).
Republic of Korea Kim Sung-hwan, Kim Byung-ho, Park Joonyong, Chung Kwangyong
31. Mr. Moussa (Burkina Faso) said that his Government had requested and received a visit in February 2005 from the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants.
It takes the form of law, which contains, on the one hand, the approval clause and, on the other, the text of the treaty, in both the original languages and the Greek translation.
Rainbow trout swim in Colorado's beautiful streams and rivers and fly-fishermen flock to those streams to catch them.
The European Union commends the United Nations Secretary-General's Special Envoy, Razali Ismail, for his good offices.
Since my last report, nine more convictions have been noted for gender and sex-related violence.
At the same time with the aim of creating legal framework for cooperation in this field it was considered expedient to draft an intergovernmental agreement in the SCO framework in the field of international information security.
The United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law (AVL) is a unique multi-media resource and key instrument for promoting a greater understanding of the essential role of the United Nations in the field of international law.
Finally, together with the European Union, we continue to support resolutions on the prevention of an arms race in outer space (PAROS).
With love .
From 13 to 17 December 2010, the Special Rapporteur conducted a mission to Romania (see A/HRC/18/30/Add.1) to examine the effectiveness of Romanian policies, laws and specific programmes to combat the worst forms of child labour.
The working group should draft a strong Optional Protocol and maximize its use of time.
The scope and application of universal jurisdiction
He played for AS Real Bamako where he was three times named champion of Mali.
The Dark World
Content of Speech Hello
(8) The Committee commends the State party for its global efforts to promote respect for human rights, in particular to combat and eradicate torture, such as:
Undue politicizing of humanitarian relief work has negative implications for the affected population.
Back cannot milling bevelled, UN - uniform rubber thickness and easy - to - San.
United Palestinian Appeal
The Chair feels that ideally for this part of our housekeeping we should have a running list of speakers for the whole duration of the general debate.
Yeltsin aimed for the same goal. But he stands out from them in this respect: he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy, and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home.
Vito, here's my 50 dollars.
48. A further development in combating discrimination in the area of employment of pregnant women is the enactment of the Maternity Protection (Amendment) Law, 2002 (L. 64(I)/2002) and a set of new Regulations, under the Safety and Health at Work Law (L. 89(I)/1996, as amended).
The chronology is given in this paper for the reference of the historians.
The MTR also reaffirmed the commitment of UNICEF to making effective contributions to harmonized and simplified procedures within the United Nations system, and to closer collaboration with other United Nations agencies, including on the application of a rights-based approach.
It must be noted that these provisions are not based on the idea that liability arises out of NATO membership. Rather, the sending State is held responsible for the actions of its own armed services.
Mrs. Lutrova, please-- You stop.
Gross world product (GWP) is expected to grow more than 3 per cent annually in 2005-2006 (see table 1).
"No!
Is there a friend of mine in the bookstore?
But generation life tables, which are used to determine retrospectively how old a given age group has become, usually show a much higher average life expectancy than period life tables.
Marta Requena
Rights of indigenous peoples
Accusations that Russia was occupying the mentioned territories were false and unacceptable.
The announced high-level dialogue on the democratization of the United Nations, if approached with courage and determination, will put us on the road to changing its structures and its way of functioning.
Make it a part of your daily or weekly routine.
As A. Watts notes, "the question of recognition ... will, in particular, usually be critical whenever any question of immunity arises".
350. The Committee also saw the specific destruction of the minarets of a large number of mosques.
215. At its 42nd meeting, on 24 July, the Council adopted draft resolution II recommended by the Commission, entitled "Promoting full employment and decent work for all" (see E/2008/26, chap. I.A).
Several speakers stressed the link between activities to prevent corruption and work carried out within the framework of the Implementation Review Mechanism.
Introduction
Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of the people Is there any better or equal hope in the world
The quality of the steering system and steering geometry also dictates the performance of the trike.
13. If the emissions of a Party included in Annex I in a commitment period are less than its assigned amount under this Article, this difference shall, on request of that Party, be added to the assigned amount for that Party for subsequent commitment periods.
Similarly, it was suggested that, where the validity period of a certificate was limited, such limitations should be mentioned in the certificate, in the form of an expiry date or an operational period.
Observation made to unmarried males' mate selection preferences using the five major tendencies found that the respondents tended to emphasize on a host of emotional criteria;
If the priest's daughter also be married unto a stranger, she may not eat of an offering of the holy things.
Agenda item 140 (Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/64/326 (Part 1), A/64/326 (Part 1)/Corr.1, A/64/326 (Part 1)/Add.1, A/64/326 (Part 1)/Add.2 and A/64/288 (chapters I-III)); and
The most relevant and best-performing institutions will be rewarded more systematically than before with ODA contributions and less earmarking.
9. The Committee recalls that on 24 May 2011, prior to the adoption of resolutions 1988 (2011) and 1989 (2011), it had requested the Monitoring Team to prepare a modalities paper to further consider the tools, such as a checklist, that could be used by the Committee to streamline its consideration of delisting requests from the Government of Afghanistan.
Greater coordination at the country level should be sought by using fully the team of agency representative within the resident coordinator system.
Another speaker expressed the view that delegations retained the right to raise any substantive or procedural issues in the course of the deliberations of the Conference, while suggesting that the Conference be guided by the remarks of the Executive Director of UNODC on the valuable role of civil society in the implementation of the Convention.
Variant A
Financing of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 [131]
According to General Lapatik, the murder was carried out by a high-ranking officer, Colonel Dmitry Pavlichenko, with the assistance of the Minister of Interior at the time, Yuri Sivakov.
However, just as 50 years ago, it is the human being who is at the centre of our attention as the supreme value, the human being with his individual security and his right to a life of dignity and happiness.
Kepler-69c
Who is your representative in Hong Kong now?
Kelso, Arkansas
At the end of 2001, the assessment was 27.6 per cent.
His roots could have been Asian, Latino, even Italian or Russian.
18 June 2002 and
Now we're moving out.If you really want to fire on federal agents that's your call.
9. In this regard, the Ministers welcomed decision 18/1 of the High-level Committee on South-South Cooperation and requested the establishment of a more formalized and strengthened inter-agency mechanism for the United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation, with a view to encouraging joint support for South-South and triangular initiatives, as well as sharing information on development activities and results achieved by various funds, agencies and organizations in support of South-South and triangular cooperation.
Establishment of a fully fledged Water, Sanitation and Infrastructure Branch, with eight professionals, to rise to the challenge of delivering the water and sanitation targets agreed in Johannesburg;
In some cases, management should consider the opportunity cost of implementing programmes through direct execution and payment while cooperating with other United Nations entities to enhance local management capacity.
II. General exchange of views
As member states advance along this path, propelled forward by technological and operational excellence and innovation, they will find avenues to eliminate unnecessary spending and optimize resource use.
However, both the Regime for the protection of collective indigenous knowledge related to biological resources (Law 27811, 2002) and the Law for the protection of access to Peruvian biological diversity and collective indigenous knowledge (Law 28216, 2004) put a much stronger emphasis on commercial aspects, such as granting of patents and licences, than on protection of the rights of knowledge-holders.
He said it was enough that he thanked everyone in person for coming.
But what better place, right?
 The ratio of female to male average weekly ordinary time earnings for a full-time adult was 83.2 per cent in 1992.
When you call, ask for extension 3017.
So what kind of projects do you manage.Some titles DO say what you do.
207. In 2008, UNICEF participated in 284 joint United Nations programmes in 59 countries.
Note by the secretariat.
Pakistan
Insofar as the treatment meted out at the airport was perpetrated by soldiers and police, sometimes with the acquiescence of their superiors, this behaviour can also be considered torture.
We want to do our best, and in order to have a chance to win the title we'll have to reach the final and try to win it.
3. The author claims that his arrest, ill-treatment in custody, and the manner his trial was conducted, amount to violations of articles 7; 9, paragraphs 2, 3 and 4; 10; and 14, paragraphs 3 (e) and (g), of the Covenant.
Article 3 The following disputes shall not be submitted to arbitration: 1. disputes over marriage, adoption, guardianship, child maintenance and inheritance; and 2. administrative disputes falling within the jurisdiction of the relevant administrative organs according to law.
International Environmental Technology Centre (Japan) focusing on environmentally sound technologies for urban and freshwater management.
54. Republic of Moldova
Agenda items 65 and 132
Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations,
I'm about to go absolutely crazy. I really am.
Management response: The evaluation affirms that UNDP's interventions are relevant, have a high degree of national ownership and are aligned with national priorities, hence acknowledging that most of our interventions harmonize with national policies and plans.
The Congress seemed to demonstrate three main points: Fatah has moved toward peace with Israel; it has adopted democratic procedures; and a new generation, or even a specific group called the Young Guard, has assumed leadership.
Harcourt Garden
32. At the 56th meeting, on 27 April 1999, the Chairperson, on behalf of the Commission, made the following statement concerning the situation of human rights in Colombia:
Section 1. Overall policy-making, direction and coordination
In October 2010 Germany agreed to contribute Euro1.2 million to help expand and upgrade SMEs in several developing and LDC countries, with a focus on Africa and Asia, to locally manufacture essential generic drugs.
He was wounded several times and was made captive once.
A:That's what I did B:And you think about her all the time   B:And maybe you suddenly have new interests .I mean you suddenly begin to do things that you used to avoid,ie:You used to sleep in every morning.but because she jogs every morning,then you begin to like jogging.
Red Crag
Go on!
Sex education has always been a low priority in schools, and parents are often reluctant to talk about the still-taboo issue.
Ms. Renee St. Denis, Sims Recycling Solutions
Secretariat for the Convention on Biological Diversity
Committee for Programme and Coordination, forty-fourth session, first part [Economic and Social Council resolution 2008 (LX) and General Assembly resolution 31/93]
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/68/507)
We believe that many measures and proposals contained in documents A/58/395 and A/58/351 deserve our careful consideration and endorsement.
Wednesday, 18 October 2006, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
5. Encourages the efforts in support of SSR as a crucial element for long-term stability in Guinea-Bissau and encourages coordinated action by all relevant regional, subregional and international partners of Guinea-Bissau in this field in order to obtain expeditious and positive results;
11. In the aftermath of the attack on 4 May, relations between Chad and the Sudan deteriorated further, as both Governments accused each other of supporting rival armed opposition groups.
The Committee has commented further on the unacceptable continuing problem of delays in the recruitment of personnel in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in its report on the budget for the support account for the period 2003/04 (see A/57/776, para. 28).
AIM : To search the difference of caries condition between adult periodontitis patients and periodontal healthy patients.
125. Russian society, which attached great importance to the welfare of children, would spare no effort to ensure it.
The outcome of the prefeasibility studies would be presented at the Asian Highway Investment Forum, which is scheduled to be held in Bangkok on 8 and 9 October 2013.
The category of "recently deposited multilateral treaties" is being continuously expanded to include new instruments in their authentic languages.
Mandate and planned results
ll be able to stay one up on what used to get you down
(b) Ensure that women have effective access to justice, including through the provision of legal aid, where relevant, in all parts of the country;
OPTIONAL PROTOCOL TO THE CONVENTION ON THE CHILDREN IN ARMED CONFLICT*
5. Calls upon United Nations funds and programmes and other parts of the United Nations development system to intensify efforts to mainstream technical cooperation among developing countries by using relevant national, regional and international mechanisms in consultation with Member States;
The resources (US$ 50-75 million) of the facility could be raised from bilateral donors on a voluntary basis; multilateral financing institutions could also contribute to its resources.
24. Encourages the 2011 World Conference on Social Determinants of Health, organized by the World Health Organization, to address the issue of human rights as a central element in the context of HIV/AIDS;
The Committee continued its general discussion of the sub-items and heard statements by the representatives of Swaziland, China, New Zealand, the Republic of Moldova, Botswana, Serbia, Sri Lanka, Eritrea, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Colombia, Singapore, Viet Nam and Nepal.
Namibia is deeply concerned about the ongoing suffering and humiliation of the Palestinian people under Israeli occupation and the denial of their fundamental right to self-determination.
The same mosque was hit on April seventh with a triple suicide bombing that killed more than 70 people.
The LWU, Trade Union and Youth Union have the duty to educate women and young people in the public sector to promote and protect women in all fields of work.
A summary of the benefits actually paid in the 13 countries concerned, together with the amounts that would have been paid under the previous arrangements, was provided to the Board.
It may be ridiculous to accord Stone's movie a status coequal with the Warren report.
The incumbent will work with the auditing of the Office of the Prosecutor coordinated outside the Office, providing information in the appropriate format.
 I am confident that we will overcome everything while creating a prosperous and thriving Ukraine.
Although the OIOS report recorded fragmentation in some team structures, it has not sufficiently recognized the actions taken in the programme budget for 2006-2007 by ESCWA to reduce such fragmentation nor the staff needed for the establishment of new centres and units that respond to the dynamic regional requirements.
You should be able to serve with your eyes closed, because the ball should be in the same spot every time. 2.
China has a mixed record of cracking down on corruption, but when it does the punishments are often severe.
In response to these concerns, the Ministry reviewed its relevant legislation and by 2000 it had identified 15 policies to address these concerns.
Paul, she believes Putin once beset the faithful as a Soviet KGB officer.
However, the history score can come out on top in our class.
As at 30 April 2013, $1.4 billion of regular budget contributions remained outstanding.
Mr. Michael Cassandra, Political Affairs Officer of the United Nations Centre for Disarmament Affairs, served as Secretary of the Working Group.
(6) The Committee is concerned at the increase in the prison population and the factors that have contributed to this situation in particular the limited use of alternative measures, longer prison terms, the criminalization of certain behaviour and the use of pretrial detention as a preventive measure (art. 2).
A tiger is helped out of the chilly water in a zoo Nanchang.
Furthermore, the requirements of economic globalization -- which are often ill-suited to the socio-economic realities of our States, prioritizing the laws of the market to the detriment of human beings -- do not offer our peoples opportunities but impoverish them and may well give rise to social disruption and situations of grave political instability, thus delaying the process of development.
70. The lack of ethnically disaggregated information means that there is no quantitative data to confirm the gaps between indigenous children and the rest of the population that perpetuate the cumulative cycle of disadvantages and historic exclusion of their families and peoples.
60. During the reporting period, UNAMID and the United Nations Mine Action Service began destruction of a stockpile of more than 3 million pieces of small arms ammunition at Zam Zam team site, with over 266,000 pieces of ammunition already destroyed.
During the period 1996-1998 these grants have gone to bodies and organizations which, in addition to focusing on activities to promote equal opportunities for women, are non-profit-making, legally constituted, active nationwide and have an adequate structure and capacity.
The budget for the project is 8.56 trillion CFA francs, equivalent to 18,887,491.45 dollars, all of it funded by the Government of Equatorial Guinea.
The problems these countries faced included a shortage of human resources, a lack of suitable legislation giving governments the necessary powers, and other competing priorities; climate change, for example, was generally viewed as a more pressing concern.
Agenda items 132 and 142
Resolution 64/39 on the SEANWFZ, which Thailand introduced last year in this Committee on behalf of ASEAN member States, was adopted for the first time without a negative vote.
Taxonomy/Spermatophyta
In order to provide lasting benefits and promote growth, debt relief must exceed a certain threshold.
This year marks the fiftieth anniversary of the IAEA.
5. Recommends that, if necessary, additional funds may be allocated by borrowing against line 1.1.3: resources for development in countries in special circumstances.
Every year, Hindus greet the turn of winter into spring with a splash of color -- in some areas, a geyser of color.
The handling capacity of the harbor has doubled in two years. 9
The warming of the applications promotes the related studies and face recognition study shows a brisk growing trend.
New Zealand continued to have special responsibilities to Tokelau and therefore reported on the human rights situation in Tokelau as part of its national UPR report.
Recommends 212 tonnes for 2013.
It would be difficult to draw a line between a genuine armed internal conflict and internal disturbances.
(b) How can African countries make more effective use of macroeconomic policies for development?
Direct broadcasting of the 6-pip time signal from the Observatory on 95 MHz also commenced in the same year.
Delegations wishing to make statements available for the media are kindly requested to deliver 50 copies to the Media Documents Centre (e-mail mdc@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-7166; room SA-1B12).
The Minister stated that he was in favour of returning to the less restrictive 1996 draft and the Office has since learned that the Ministry of the Interior has decided not to promote the 1998 draft.
Still hasn't started. Some video guy in front of me is actually dancing to the abominable jazz they're pumping in here. Now he's tapping his feet.
62. The same resolution contains also a recommendation calling upon Members of the United Nations to recognize and accept United Nations laissezpasser issued to the judges by the Court.
Acute toxicity
he played it in his waiting room all the time.
Never Give Up If I could reach higher, just for one moment to touch the sky---this is from my favorite song Reach.
 30. The Preparatory Committee was informed that in accordance with its decision to ensure the fullest participation of non-governmental organizations, there had been much contact and cooperation between the secretariat and numerous non-governmental organizations.
The pessimists, however, doubt that China can maintain catch-up economic growth.
The boy is standing there, with his both hands in his pocket
Why do not we call Jane and invite her
MTN Nigeria
We took the lift to the eighth floor.
Quispe Yanique Julia (f)
102.76. Incite open, cognizant, public and expert discussions in Malta on introducing abortion legislation even though in limited cases where the mother's or child's life is at risk (Czech Republic);
The representative noted, however, that both men and women may be perpetrators and victims of crime.
(c) Enable the formulation of an integrated water management plan that establishes a course of action involving natural and human resources in a given watershed, including social, political, economic and institutional considerations.
(q) Illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons;
But though this might be imaginary, she could not be deceived as to his behaviour to Miss Darcy, who had been set up as a rival of Jane.
31. The officer-in-charge, Regional Bureau for Africa, UNDP, presented the regional programme document for Africa, 2014-2017 (DP/RPD/RBA/2).
Article 10. Number of arbitrators
When the rule of law is weak or under stress, these institutions are unable to function properly and populations are left vulnerable.
(b) Enhanced ability of urban local governments to form effective partnerships with their stakeholders, including the most vulnerable groups (such as youth at risk) to address urban safety
To call upon the Secretariat-General to prepare the necessary report in the light of the suggestions of Member States and recommendations of the team of experts and submit it to the next ordinary session of the Council of the League of Arab States at ministerial level prior to its submission, with the necessary recommendations, to the Council of the League of Arab States at summit level.
2. How can bilateral partners best support multilateral humanitarian activities?
Bedford, Iowa
These sensors expand and contract when someone stands on the board, measuring weight, and where and how that weight is shifting on the board.
1. The item entitled "Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization" was included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly pursuant to Assembly resolution 57/24 of 19 November 2002.
It was formulated by the Ministry of Education and Culture.
Please also provide the Committee with the English translation of the letter sent on 10 December 2008 to the Parliament on the applicability of the Convention.
political life makes it necessary for politicians to have a strong ability to make speeches and debate to get the support of the voters.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 6 December 2006
:: Support the establishment of a rule of law assistance unit within the Secretariat to strengthen United Nations activities to promote the rule of law and related human rights law through technical assistance and capacity-building
P737968
I expect you to believe that, just as you did on vara sol, When I brokered that deal with the fish merchant To save your life.
Chemical and non-chemical alternatives for lindane have been compiled in the risk management evaluation on lindane and are efficient, available and technically feasible for most uses (UNEP, 2007c).
El Salvador
However, it informed the Board that internal procedures had since been improved to ensure that adequate lead time was available to process printing contracts.
The Special Rapporteur has sent numerous communications to Governments on individual cases in which freedom of religion or belief, including the right to change one's religion, was allegedly violated.
That is why lending is frozen and worldwide markets are plunging
Making and having dumplings in the evening of Lunar New Year is a tradition in northern China. 6
Can you give me a approximate figure
Sanitary toilet coverage in rural China is expected to reach 55% by 2005 and the goal is to achieve the related MDG by 2015.
21. According to ECLAC, the gross national product (GNP) for the Central American region grew by 4.4 per cent compared with 4.3 per cent in 1997.
Keep your homies close and keep your beef even closer.
I have confidence in you. :have confidence in sb
I. Implementation
Situation of human rights in the Sudan
[Op-Ed] Satellites and Missiles
We got out of the trolley bus at Yan'an Road .
She expressed gratitude for the support provided in that area to and the confidence entrusted in UNODC by donor and recipient countries. She assured the Commission that UNODC was committed to delivering effective assistance to Member States in full compliance with its mandates, the relevant results defined in UNODC strategy for the period 2008-2011 and result-based programme management.
Such strategies should be aimed at coordinating and harmonizing the various macro and sectoral strategies, and identifying and building on complementarities.
 The competent German authorities will endeavour to provide Turkish missions and other Turkish institutions in Germany with even greater protection.
Military commanders should be regularly moved from one region to another.
Part II.
Though there are similarities between them, their differences are remarkable.
You should be more daring and work for faster development.
In addition, it hosts the Asia-Pacific Mountain Network, a regional node of Mountain Forum, as well as the global secretariat for Mountain Forum.
I do not have to go into the details of that complex issue, because they are well known to everyone in this room.
I recall that, while on peace-keeping duty in the former Yugoslavia, Nigerian troops were subjected to attack resulting in casualties.
However, for the year 2010, a full staffing complement of 11 general temporary assistance positions is considered necessary and has been proposed in this report;
Auribail
The financial operations and accounts of organizations, firms and private individuals deemed suspicious are being subjected to careful scrutiny with a view to the possible detection and suppression of channels of financial support for terrorist ends.
(a) Continuous improvement in human resources policies, practices and programmes
States are encouraged to create an enabling environment for national human rights institutions to discharge their mandates effectively and independently without fear or intimidation.
One arrangement of rights may bring about a greater value of production than any other.
And that's the killer app when it comes to custom game tools for amateurs like me.
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
Xu Simin
China’s leaders should think hard about this question now – before it is too late to change the situation.
Joint prosperous is the essence demand of socialism and the aim of our hard work. It's realization is a long and dynamic course.
Corporate Management Information System
(e) The division of responsibilities often compromises efforts to implement measures to address known concerns with the current budget process;
It will do so in the context of addressing the basic development challenges facing the region in the medium and long term, by accelerating poverty reduction, promoting a social covenant by improving social cohesion and reducing social risks.
(e-mail journal@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; room S-2370).
The gender equality principle must be taken into account in all measures and activities of the programme document, namely in the planning, implementation and monitoring of programmes and projects.
The Chinese government will take measures to develop fruit production by using non-cultivated land, encourage peasants to grow fruit trees and vegetables in front of and behind their houses and develop a courtyard economy.
9. On the basis of the experience gained during the implementation of the first National Action Plan and in order to adjust to the political changes brought about by the post-1998 transformation and reform of Indonesia's institutions and society into a full-fledged democracy, the second National Action Plan on human rights had been strengthened by additional pillars.
They're concerned that gains of 22% over the last six months, a still fragile economy and concern about Europe don't bode well for stocks.
inherent difficulties in quantifying many of the expected achievements of the Organization;
ARSEL
Its role as a quality control capacity for international police officers would entail applying pre-defined criteria in its assessment of candidates and ensuring that Member States comply with those standards.
3.2 All missions have access to valid systems contracts with sufficient "not-to-exceed" values, 365 days of the year
A further 3,500 local rural doctors and health workers directly serve the masses of farmers and herdsmen.
The local arena is used for concerts now, but long ago it held gladiator battles.
17-Feb-06 Audit of standard costs applied to headquarters overhead
Either the items should be dropped or workable formulations should be found to enable discussions to take place.
So, literally , Joining is not a joining a masculine sense , but a feminine sense.
(Albania)
He also noted that it is vital that the Islamic Republic of Iran extend its full cooperation to the International Atomic Energy Agency.
I am also pleased to congratulate our Co-Chairpersons -- His Excellency Mr. Sam Nujoma, President of the Republic of Namibia, and Her Excellency Ms. Tarja Halonen, President of Finland.
Profit and Loss statement is a summary of the revenues, costs and expenses of a company during an accounting period (also called income statement).
By its resolution 53/20 of 2 November 1998, the Assembly endorsed the observations and recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report of 9 October 1998 (A/53/481).
But I must say as of now that what I would like in order to have a useful discussion is perhaps to get the proposal and send it to our capitals and then afterwards we could discuss it.
It, possibly therefore, confined its reaffirmation of the occupied status of the Occupied Palestinian Territory to the West Bank and East Jerusalem.
Lastly, she states that the issue at stake is the same as that addressed in the Committee's decision concerning communication No. 846/1999 (JansenGielen v. The Netherlands), in which the Committee found a violation of article 14, paragraph 1, of the Covenant, "in the absence of the guarantee of equality of arms between the parties in the production of evidence for the purposes of the hearing".
Therefore, all provisions contained in those two sets of rules continue to apply to all prisoners and offenders without discrimination.
Lose lover, always the most understand me.
In spite of this increase, the Government is unable to finance the education sector in its entirety.
20. Research shows that women exposed to HIV are at least twice as likely to become infected with HIV as their male counterparts.
Indeed, are there cases where religious faith comes to the rescue even of those who don’t have it?
Yes,but I guess I was lucky to get away with only a broken bone.
Monstrous trick , that Fate had played him!
Every year the FAWCO philanthropic arm, the FAWCO Foundation, donated small development grants to charities and NGOs making a difference in the world.
(iv) Draw on UNIFEM staff and experts to support the implementation of the UNDP gender mainstreaming action plan; and
The human rights violations recorded include extrajudicial killings, rape, torture, ill-treatment and forced relocation.
For the eighth day in a row, Israeli occupying forces continue to carry out air and artillery raids and attacks against the Palestinian people throughout the Occupied Palestinian Territory, terrorizing the civilian population and endangering the lives of hundreds of people, including women, children and the elderly.
360. When consensus cannot be reached on a particular issue, it shall be forwarded to the CFC for resolution.
Privatization may be an option for doing so, one which several developing countries are now considering.
Hence, the only aspect of Ms. Rahmanpour's case, which comes within the Working Group's purview, is whether the criminal proceedings conducted against her withstand the scrutiny of the relevant international standards.
2. Organizational matters:
In respect of the category "C" losses incorporated in the deceased detainee claims, the Panel has reviewed these losses in accordance with the evidentiary standard set out in article 35(2) of the Rules.
16. Elections 174
(g) Two cases of issuance of fraudulent cheques were reported in Ghana and Senegal, resulting in losses of $225,000 and $8,000 respectively.
Nong'an Town
Judicious national policies for ODA utilization need to ensure a limitation of negative macroeconomic impacts and the incorporation of long-term development concerns, including removing infrastructure bottlenecks and getting the balance right between short-term and longer term concerns.
2.2 At the end of 2005, the author and his family moved to Costa Rica.
Small guerilla units were fighting behind enemy lines.
23. While obstacles to peace are numerous everywhere in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the challenges are particularly acute in the Kivus, which have suffered the brunt of the conflict in the last five years.
Contents
Executives at Areva's office in Beijing could not be reached for comment yesterday.
Informal consultations on draft proposals under item 20 and its sub-items will be conducted by H.E. Mr. Hubert Wurth (Luxembourg) on Monday, 13 November 2000, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
445. Given the anticipated lifespan of 7 to 10 years of an application such as Inspira and the financial investment made for the software and implementation, it is important that the Centre of Excellence be sufficiently staffed to maintain the system and respond quickly to the user communities, including peacekeeping mission personnel and applicants for peacekeeping posts.
Many of them lost their lives at the hands of smugglers, after paying about US$ 50 to make the journey.
HS/C/16/1; HS/C/16/1/Add.1; HS/C/16/INF.1; HS/C/16/INF.2
He was new to the team and wasn't sure whether or not he should give his comments on their direction.
Provisions for annual meetings of States Parties and regular Review Conferences;
24. It is worth mentioning that in the context of the "Delivering as one" approach, multi-donor trust funds and specific partner contributions are complementary resources.
Memoranda of Understanding between academic institutions and the United Nations
From ancient time to the present, many great men have been commented on endlessly.
' And, going up to the elephant, he gave him several lumps of sugar, saying, Here, Kiouni, here, here
In this regard, following consultations with the Chairperson of the African Union Commission, I would like to inform you that it is our intention to appoint Ibrahim Gambari (Nigeria) as Joint Special Representative for UNAMID with effect from 1 January 2010.
You know, you and i--we've been getting along well lately.
Thehistorical development and current application of computer technology in casting simulation is surveyed.
Király, who subscribed to the old codes of military honor (he would be named a Righteous Gentile at Yad Vashem, Israel’s Holocaust memorial, for the hundreds of Jews he saved by keeping them with his army during WWII), saw that very system as the enemy of his country and its liberty.
By doing so, business, as a primary driver of globalization, can help ensure that markets, commerce, technology and finance advance in ways that benefit economies and societies everywhere.
18. The first report of the Coordinator outlined various policy documents from both the United Nations country team and the Inter-Agency Standing Committee for Somalia that guide humanitarian work in Somalia's high-risk environment.
Angola deplores the loss of civilian life and the material damage caused by the escalation of the conflict in the Middle East.
Rebel base in range.
The protection and preservation of traditional forest knowledge is an uphill battle for most indigenous peoples and their communities, in particular in the face of rising exploitation pressures on their forest resources.
Delivery to the International Space Station of fuel, water, oxygen, air, food and other expendable materials required for operation of the Station during the piloted flight
Can he single handedly lead a team surrounded by his offensive onslaught ?
Finally, throughout the past four years WRI, in cooperation with UNEP and the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, has continued to host the Global Biodiversity Forum in conjunction with meetings of the Convention on Biological Diversity.
 Discrimination  against ethnic minorities could hamper Hong Kong's bid to become a world class city.
Mr. Lang will coordinate closely with the Office of Legal Affairs and the Department of Political Affairs.
Select call from the center menu to redial the number.
Television
If I do not understand what he says, I always ask him
When it comes to collecting old postcards of China and Chinatowns, there are few who are as passionate as Kuala Lumpur-based German collector Thomas Brandt.
604. The review of the Syrian Arab Republic was held on 7 October 2011 in conformity with all relevant provisions contained in Human Rights Council resolution 5/1, and was based on the following documents:
The Secretariat does not presently have the resources to conduct a similar study at the global level, but will consider the feasibility of doing so in the future.
She congratulated the incoming President and other Bureau members on their election and assured them of the full support and cooperation of UNFPA.
Don't worry if you don't understand anything at first.
We are now supplying beverages free of charge for delayed passengers.
3. Science and technology for development
(c) Staff members whose eligibility under paragraph (b) above is established at the time of their appointment shall begin to accrue service credit towards home leave from that date.
This means that there will be eight qualifying records produced by the fetch operation.
Recognizing the desirability of referring legal and drafting questions to the Sixth Committee, including topics that might be submitted to the International Law Commission for closer examination, and of enabling the Sixth Committee and the Commission to further enhance their contribution to the progressive development of international law and its codification,
and the call in Council resolution 1850 (2008) for the parties to fulfil their obligations under the road map and to refrain from any steps that could undermine confidence or prejudice the outcome of negotiations, and recalling further in this regard the relevant Quartet statements, including that of 23 September 2011,
should be duly completed and signed by the parent or legal guardian
In conclusion, within the framework of this initiative and other programmes, Canada is committed to working together with the international community to enhance intercultural dialogue and understanding throughout the world.
We commend UNEP for the appointment of a senior gender advisor and believe that this is a critical first step.
The creation of mechanisms to address surplus and insecure small arms broadened even more the role of the OSCE to act in support of participating States.
"23. Stresses the need to continuously improve standards of corporate and public sector governance, including accounting, auditing and measures to ensure transparency, noting the disruptive effects of inadequate policies;
TD(XI)/BP/13 Creative industries and development
Well,you're very lucky to have found us when you got lost.
Using these criteria, an evaluation of the 440 field mission reports determined that 70 per cent were strategic in nature.
The other side of the coin is that we reject sanctions and coercive measures taken unilaterally.
A direct implication for teaching is the use of graphic organizers.
Not only was Reggie an ice-in-the-veins end of game shooter ( la Kobe and Jordan), but he did it with such flair.Hops: Vince CarterOthers have shared Carters explosion, but few have made their aerial exploits so pretty.
28. No amount of policy analysis or marshalling of resources will suffice where Governments lack the commitment to reform or to redress a pattern of abuse.
While appreciating that some progress has been made, they deplored the increasing divide between children in urban and rural areas.
31. The organizations and programmes of the United Nations should be encouraged to further mainstream their TCDC activities into their policies, structures and programmes.
These systems are:
As a traveler on the way to the Guang Jiou Trade Show, he stopped only long enough to spend a day at The World Trade Center.
The Regional Course for Africa is scheduled to be held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, from 2 to 27 February 2015. This course is open for candidates from Member States of the United Nations, which are also members of the regional group of African States.
UNFPA supports the establishment of a set of common information requirements (recommendation 2)and the inclusion of such information in sick leave certificates and reportsfor periods of extended sick leave (recommendation 3).
Adieu, then, Edmond; I have nothing more to ask of heaven--I have seen you again, and have found you as noble and as great as formerly you were.
 These will have to be reconciled if the proposal for the Indian Ocean as a zone of peace is to become a viable mechanism for peace.
1. To reaffirm its support for the Sudan in confronting threats to its sovereignty, stability and territorial integrity, rejecting any efforts to expose it to partition, and its support for its efforts in regional and international organizations;
The latest figures show that from January to May this year, 2,100 young Shanghai couples got divorced, 10 percent up on 2006.
The Philips deal also gives SPARC a foot in the door of a new market & consumer electronics.
Particle / Fluid Mass Transfer in Turbulence
62. He expressed the hope that many Member States would participate in the consideration in the General Assembly of the results of the International Year of Volunteers, share their experiences and report on their plans to build on the results obtained.
21 295c
The estimated total funding requirement for the replenishment of the Multilateral Fund for the next three triennia for Case 1 and Case 2 is presented in Table ES-1 below.
 Mackerel and various demersel species, such as grouper, are also available all year round.
There is a 20-watt light bulb here.
It was Christmas week: we took to no settled employment, but spent it in a sort of merry domestic dissipation
All patients were primarily treated with serial arterial embolization using the technique described below.
Download PDF file
No doubt we are all familiar with the good old slow cooked stews that our parents made.
The Committee is concerned at the high rate of poverty in the State party despite measures taken and despite the high economic growth rate, which particularly affects women including those heading households, child-headed households, persons living in rural areas and working in agriculture.
The State party should ensure that no persons are subjected to arbitrary restriction of their liberty and that all persons deprived of their liberty are promptly brought before a judge or other officer authorized to exercise judicial power by law, and that they can only be deprived of their liberty on the basis of a judgement based on law, as required by article 9, paragraphs 3 and 4, of the Covenant.
Article 49 The carrier shall carry the goods to the port of discharge on the agreed or customary or geographically direct route.
However, growing South - South trade had an important role to play, not only in providing new market opportunities, but also in establishing a more supportive environment where countries could improve market access without compromising on the broader policy and institutional support needed to help build productive capacity in the sector.
81. The Sub-Commission also heard statements by the representatives of the following non-governmental organizations: African Association of Education for Development (12th), American Association of Jurists (12th), Association for World Education (13th), Himalayan Research and Cultural Foundation (12th), Indian Movement “Tupaj Amaru” (12th), Interfaith International (13th), International Association against Torture (joint statement with the December Twelfth Movement) (12th), International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (12th), International Educational Development, Inc. (12th), International Institute for Non-Aligned Studies (12th), International Institute of Peace (12th), International Movement against All Forms of Discrimination and Racism (12th), Movement against Racism and for Friendship Among Peoples (12th), North—South XXI (12th), Society for Threatened Peoples (12th).
Aware that the failure to reach consensus so far has created concerns in many Parties,
28. During the period under review, a significant number of voluntary repatriation movements have taken place.
In the leather sector, the main activities include upgrading the tanning and leather products industry in Ethiopia, India, Mali, Nigeria and Rwanda.
The new study appears in the journal an metal research Environmental Research.
If it be so, replied the magistrate, rely upon every reparation being made; meanwhile, I am the bearer of an order of arrest, and although I most reluctantly perform the task assigned me, it must, nevertheless, be fulfilled
Under Chinese law, aliens including stateless persons convicted of a crime or other violations are subject to expulsion in the following circumstances: Firstly, under China's criminal law, Chinese courts can decide to expel a convicted alien as a separate or additional applicable penalty.
On - line computer systems help us provide speedy and accurate service to our customers.
Violence against women migrant workers (A/64/152)
VI. Conclusion: a call for action
Legal
Labour Market Agreements for Persons with Disabilities
S/RES/1944 (2010) The Security Council,
According to the Ministry of Health, the health sector continues to be affected by the embargo because of the need to acquire medical supplies in markets located in faraway places, as well as the use of intermediaries, which leads to an increase in the prices of expendable materials, medicines, reagents, spare parts for diagnosis and treatment, medical instruments and equipment.
The Ministry has produced a draft certificate of origin (annex VII) and has sought assistance from the United Kingdom Government, the European Union and the High Diamond Council.
The progressive integration of subsites;
86. The police justice system has already punished both the officials involved for not having responded to the calls to 911 and Inocencio Machado, the police officer on duty and the victim's uncle, who had dragged her from the couple's house.
Consequently, several political blocs initiated boycotts of the councils of ministers and representatives.
The mid and lower reaches of the Yangtze River are still seeing snow and low temperatures.
The source stresses the debilitated state of health of Ms. Shalabi.
However, a spokeswoman with the Protect Marriage Organization which helps spearhead the Yes on 8 Campaign. . .
"Recognizing the crucial importance of proper follow-up to the implementation of agreements and commitments reached at the Conference,
When the concrete legal norms of the Special Part are being applied, the norms of the General Part must always be taken into account.
The President ruled that the draft rules of procedure as contained in document FCCC/CP/1996/2 should continue to be applied, with the exception of draft rule 42.
There's always so little to talk about after the first flush of recognition.
(iii) Increased number of information materials and United Nations publications available in local languages
I made a reservation at the airport.
And because no one would lend to Argentina after it defaulted in the early 2000s, the government has relatively little debt.
The Mine Action Service will continue to oversee the development and implementation of internationally agreed standards that will provide a framework for efficient, effective and safer mine-action activities and provide guidance and coordination for the development of new mine-action technologies.
Within China, some of the major areas of both challenge as well as opportunity include energy, environment, infrastructure, population density, aging, biotechnology and mobile devices.
The fact sheet will be addressed to State authorities, national and international non-governmental organizations, national human rights institutions, legal practitioners and other individuals concerned with ensuring the protection and promotion of human rights in the context of terrorism and counter-terrorism.
The purpose of this Convention is to promote cooperation to prevent and combat transnational organized crime more effectively.
(b) The agreement does not restrict the authority and the discretion of the United Nations to seek funds for the same purposes from any other source if the Organization chooses to do so.
Paraguay
We underscore that we need to fully harness the opportunities offered by South-South, triangular cooperation as well as the complementary role of North-South cooperation.
Goal 3: Promote gender equality and empowerment of women
The Swiss Government fails to see why this rule should take the form of a simple recommendation.
The Advisory Committee notes that, rather than using consultants, the classification exercise will be provided by current staffing capacity.
Moreover, Israel will certainly go from its land into exile.'
Noting with concern, however, that the following parties have not reported their data for 2012: [the Central African Republic, Eritrea, Gabon, Israel, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Saint Kitts and Nevis, South Sudan, Switzerland, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uzbekistan and Yemen],
The FIU has access to law enforcement, governmental and commercial databases.
The High Commissioner commends the Government for its commitment to maintaining the standards set in these international instruments.
A: You are doing very well and I can really see progress.
Fearing reprisals by the police, the complainant did not go to hospital for treatment.
Neunkirch
:: Foster a multisectoral approach to poverty reduction by making data more accessible across sectors especially at the local level.
No. 20 (2009)
Allegations involving personnel deployed in peacekeeping and special political missions supported by the Department of Field Support concern civilian, military, police and corrections personnel and, as there are different follow-up procedures for each category, the categories are presented separately in the annexes.
They referred to a pattern of criminalization of social protest and political dissidence in Oaxaca, which took the form of arbitrary detention, excessive use of force, the murder of political opponents and the intimidation of civil society, the media and independent journalists.
Coupled with misinformation on the possibilities and limitations of migration, such situations may lead to the exploitation of migrants and to violations of their human rights.
59. The steps to be taken by a State Party to the present Covenant to achieve the full realisation of this right shall include technical and vocational guidance and training programmes, policies and techniques to achieve steady economic, social and cultural development and full and productive employment under conditions safeguarding fundamental political and economic freedoms to the individual.
Moreover, this latest war crime occurred a day after another 14-year-old boy, Samy Zoubidate, was crushed by an Israeli vehicle in a hit-and-run accident near the illegal Israeli settlement of "Massuah" in the West Bank.
REFERENCE TO COLONIAL AND OTHER DEPENDENT COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES
(h) Reviewing and reforming laws contributing to or allowing gross violations of international human rights law and serious violations of international humanitarian law.
Fantasy Westward Journey is really exciting, because it is the novice who are not good today and found a new surprise.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) acts as the central supportive structure for the programme.
7. Reaffirms that the Fifth Committee is the appropriate Main Committee of the General Assembly entrusted with responsibilities for administrative and budgetary matters;
Kōichirō Genba
Dominican Republic
In 2006, the average weekly working hours for women were 32.2 hours whereas men worked on average 38.3 hours a week.
They carried out 6 missions from Kuwaiti territory with the support of an E-2C command and control aircraft operating inside Kuwaiti airspace.
Ensuring access to the fund in a balanced and equitable manner;
19-30 July 1999
Noting that quinoa is a natural food high in nutritional value,
12. Following an attack by Palestinian militants on the crossing point of Nahal Oz on 9 April, in which two Israeli civilians were killed, Israel further curtailed the passage of fuel into Gaza.
The crops or products of the land legally belonging to a tenant.
Botswana is fully committed to the Abuja Declaration.
beyond these weathered boundary wardens were indistinct figures moving in the slow rhythms of planting, putting down the spring peas.
It conducts investigations privately and usually works in an informal manner.
Integrated Monitoring and Evaluation Framework 1. The Integrated Monitoring and Evaluation Framework (IMEF) focuses on information needs required to manage the MTSP and assess its overall success.
In the heat of Rome, the wait was agonizing.
And yet, the report is evasive in defining the operations of security forces as being in accordance with their legal authority, aimed at protecting citizens and their property, the practice resorted to in all countries in the circumstances.
Beaver Creek, Alabama
49. The Tribunal has, over the years, established thresholds for those qualifying for legal aid as follows: average disbursement for convicted persons; average disbursement for convicted persons who pleaded not guilty; and average disbursement for convicted persons who pleaded guilty.
1. As enshrined in the Constitution of 1945, the Government of the Republic of Indonesia is mandated to uphold the principles of justice, equality and peace.
(1) Situation of rural women
Civilian personnel
You must be an admin in the current domain to use this program.
In this paper, the shape of stator and rotor cascades was improved and the aerodynamic performance before and after improving was analyzed.
A month later Barbera joined the studio ; they were soon collaborating on projects.
An extensive body of international law, in particular the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and their Additional Protocols, sets out rules aimed at alleviating the suffering engendered by international and non-international armed conflicts.
AND RESULTS ACHIEVED IN THE PREPARATION AND IMPLEMENTATION OF ACTION PROGRAMMES
83.47. Continue efforts to strengthen democracy, good governance, the rule of law and equality (Jordan);
(g) Lack of adequate infrastructure to accommodate new formal institutions that oversee the management of ecosystem services;
Question 1.5
We are contemporary college students, is the future of the country and hope, in the future will hold the backbone of China.
Page
As part of the West India Docks, Canary Wharf warehoused fruit from the Canaries.
He did it because he encouraged near-brutal candor in the meetings he held to guide the company through each work year.
9. Reaffirms also environmental early warning, assessment and monitoring of the state of the global environment as core functions of the United Nations Environment Programme and recognizes the potential value of a network that draws on the experience of existing bodies, including academic institutions and centres of excellence, and the scientific competence of specialized agencies and the scientific subsidiary bodies of multilateral environmental agreements;
It's weird. though. it's weird.
21.81 During the biennium, the following outputs will be delivered:
Investment Guides;
Article 2
It 's great soak in a hot spring after skiing .
He had been driven into a corner by the pertinacious ingenuity of Miss French.
19. The Committee recommends that the State party expeditiously strengthen the national machinery, namely the Department of Women's Affairs, by providing it with the necessary authority and adequate human and financial resources that are necessary to coordinate and work effectively for the promotion of gender equality and to use a gender mainstreaming strategy in all policies and programmes across all sectors and levels of Government.
The secretariat would look carefully at the paragraph to ensure that it did not deal with issues best covered under implementation and use.
It had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the progress report of the Statistical Data and Metadata Exchange sponsors (E/CN.3/2013/30).
In Italy, the Anti-Drug Service of the Ministry of the Interior had set up a precursor-related risk analysis system that identified illicit transactions for surveillance and controlled deliveries.
A lesson learned is that work on national accounts needs to be improved in contents, both in terms of more details and improved quality.
Building the information society in Asia and the Pacific
You need to meet your co-workers
Objective To evaluate the diagnosis and treatment on fungal maxillary sinusitis.
This is surprising in an era when treatments that work should supposedly be used with some uniformity.
Jewelry Day
The Panel looked into the incidents of carjacking to ascertain whether they were purely isolated criminal acts or provided a source of material support for the activities of rebel groups.
Chapter III. Effectiveness of a security right against third parties (A/CN.9/WG.VI/WP.61)
China has been carrying out cooperative educational projects with UNICEF and UNDP since the 1980s.
Coherence and cooperation between UNIDO Desks and regional offices was vital for successful maximization of UNIDO Desk capacity.
Third point: There are areas which are particularly conducive to manifestations of racism and racial discrimination, which might be termed the "grey areas" in the functioning of our democracies.
Finalization of the remaining elements of the road map for the preparation and implementation of the six-year strategic plan for the period 2014 - 2019 will be finalized, including the establishment of baselines and targets for all indicators of achievement.
might, could, may, must Tina might be sick
:: Post reclassification: an approved post is proposed to be reclassified (upgraded or downgraded) when the duties and responsibilities of the post have changed substantially
The Wonderful Wedding
7-16 February 2007
Third session
HR Committee
During its consideration of the report, the Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
While the control measures will apply to an initial list of 12 chemicals, a POPs Review Committee will consider additional candidates for the list on a regular basis.
Appointment of `Gender Focal Points' to the Family Health Bureau has ensured sustainability of these initiatives.
Equipment that is surplus and is being dismantled or disposed of will be footnoted.
Regular budget and extrabudgetary
15. Reasons for the removal or retention of names on the Consolidated List (para. 84).
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, meanwhile, has even reportedly considered removing democracy promotion from the State Department’s mission.
86. In general, human trafficking is a transnational organized crime, and the Kingdom of Cambodia therefore cannot combat it alone.
Departments and offices will evaluate the request
125. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 65/248, it is proposed that two Information Technology Officer (P-4, P-3), one Telecommunications Officer (P-3), two Telecommunications Assistant (Field Service), and five Information Technology Technician (Field Service) posts be abolished.
A lot of open problems continue to emerge in this field, while the existed problems desire new methods and techniques to facilitate changing applications.
And what says my conceal'd lady to our cancell'd love?
But everyone must be quick to hear, slow to speak and slow to anger;
Under Deng Xiaoping – the leader who initiated China’s radical “reform and opening up” in 1978 – the singular policy goal was domestic economic transformation and growth, to be achieved with a collaborative decision-making model that included vigorous internal debate.
In implementation of the constitutional mandate (art. 42, para. 5) the Congress enacted Law 294 of 1996 on sexual abuse and violence in the family.
7 March 2005(*)
In that case, it appears that the absence of truck weight information generates uncertainty about the quantities exported, generating revenue that is paid not to the State, but instead may be used to purchase arms (see annexes XXI and XXII).
What he lacks in experience he makes up for in enthusiasm.
Women with 2 or more children of less than 16 years old and single parents with one child of less than 16 years old are entitled to summer leave or, following a written request, any other time of the year (art. 116).
Room 4
All parties should avoid actions which could result in unnecessary or increased suffering on the part of innocent civilians.
Monaco
The following side events were held:
(b) The prevention and abatement of significant harm as a result of the use of transboundary oil and gas reserves, including the management of risks involved in such use;
4. Half-day discussion on the African region.
This creates a microclimate which surrounds the building, creating inhabitable outdoor spaces while reducing cooling loads within.
In the school, the student's thesis designs are limited by the convenience of the equal sign. The predominant culture of the political correctness disarmed our ability of dialectic.
:: Consider whether amending the law to have the DPP serve as the central authority would enhance efficiency; also consider establishing a specialized unit to handle extradition and MLA cases.
The latter date should also permit the creation of a sensible mechanism for achieving the desired balance in Croatia and hence in the region in general.
With his tracker in tow, Obama walked into a room full of reporters and announced to all of them, "Meet my stalker. "
Operating in wind mode, AMI covered a swath of 400-500 km over the ocean with resolution cells of 50 km and measured wind speed in the range of 4-24 m/s with an accuracy of 0.5-2 m/s.
MINURSO
She will certainly remain single.
Conference on the Security of Pipelines, Yaoundé (2001); Seminar on the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons organized by the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity, Bamako (2001); Seminar on Money-laundering, organized by the Bank of Central African States, Yaoundé (2000); Seminar on the Proliferation of Small Arms and Light Weapons, organized by the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity, Addis Ababa (2000); symposiums for heads of police colleges organized by INTERPOL at its Lyon headquarters (1992, 1994 and 1996); General Assembly of INTERPOL, Dakar (1993). Distinctions
B: I'll see that doesn't happen again
Mr. Agrawal (India) expressed reservations about the use of the word "include" in the phrase "these Rules include the UNCITRAL Rules on Transparency" in proposed new article 1, paragraph 4, of the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules, even though it was clear from article 1 of the rules on transparency that an opt-out provision was applicable.
To be held on Friday, 21 December 2007, at 10.20 a.m.
 Prepares meetings on various issues of concern to national statistical offices by drafting relevant documents and ad hoc publications;
The thesis consists of introduction, text and epilogue.
6. As to the number of pending appeals at the end of the reporting period, the Vienna Joint Appeals Board had four pending appeals.
Dave Fish
18.27 Activities of the subprogramme will strengthen the role of ESCWA as a neutral source of reliable statistics and information on the region by upgrading the collection, compilation, processing and dissemination of data using the latest information technologies.
No way he could have walked by I haven't left my post since I punched in.
OHCHR organized a training session for 27 participants to combat transboundary criminality and terrorism and continued to visit prison facilities in 2003 and 2004 to monitor respect for the standard rules on treatment of detainees.
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the entrance hall.
In 2003 the ministries continued to pursue a policy aimed at increasing the proportion of women in management posts.
Regional settings were successfully applied to all areas on the portal site.
 We also consider essential the support that this Council can give to the regional efforts made and initiatives taken to help find a peaceful solution to the situation in Burundi, in particular the decisions taken at the second Arusha summit.
The difficulty of managing relations with external contractors is revealed by the current experience with the garage and catering operations at Headquarters.
(e) Act No. 2861/2006 to suppress the trade and commercial dissemination of pornographic material depicting minors or the disabled;
B. Date and place of the sixty-seventh session of the Commission
Team production is the distinguishing feature of professional competitive sport produce.
1999/28 Administration of juvenile justice
18. We are all aware of the vulnerabilities and perils that define daily life across the world.
As the only Asian family in there, they had suffered discrimination.
33. Through an established legal framework, the voices of opposition are being silenced.
France*
Some marriage related customs remain in some areas.
We intend to work closely with that body on the work plan and on the integrated approach to peacebuilding.
(d) To study seismic processes in the Sun's core through observation of global oscillations.
A hundred years is but a passing moment in terms of Chinese history.
The first subject area continues to be assigned a high priority on the regional agenda.
Some people suggest that everything a manager does involes decisions.
For that reason, there could be no compromise in the worldwide battle against it, since it attacked all sectors of society and, as terrorists' safe havens had been targeted, they had spread their networks across the world and appeared to cooperate more effectively than the democratic nations in their sights.
you said yesterday that the price was $60/mt, c.i.f. brussels.
This is much too polite for me.We got up, and she explained that we were going to find the host: I had never met him, she said, and it was making me uneasy.
(i) The potential for developing regional approaches to challenges of socio-economic crises and natural disasters in Africa;
Cameroon CMR
But, whereas metal prices have fallen, oil prices are reaching record highs.
The survey also revealed that a major factor was substandard school environment and school facilities.
The fourth part includes the necessity and feasibility of establishing such a system of the proceeding, from which you can see the significance of the establishment.
May: Make sure the clothes can be worn for various occasions.
It is reflected in the National Action Plan for people with disabilities in which the government has allocated DKK 40 million to an initiative regarding support to families with children with disabilities.
 20. With regard to the integration of certain United Nations information centres with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) field offices, Ukraine had studied with interest the information furnished by the Secretary-General in his latest report (A/49/385).
This section describes both methods of adding controls to a report.
The blanket was pulled over the child.
It is a crucial task to monitor vibration signal in fault diagnosis to mechanical equipment. We must collect large amount of vibration data for analyze.
Station position:
(c) Internal oversight services (regular budget and other assessed resources): oversight and evaluation of the performance of human resources management functions in the field through participation in Office of Human Resources Management monitoring visits;
Complementary and coherent reporting guidelines are necessary in order to be able to gather information from all the stakeholders that can be compared both over time and across regions.
If the result of the test does not enable the hazard division to be determined, a further test should be performed.
A/66/227
His anxious mother stole food from a supermarket, but she was caught, arrested, and convicted.
Paragraph 91
Designate a single national entity with overall responsibility for the national inventory;
(iii) United Nations funds and programmes for the financial period ended 31 December 2013;
The United Nations Joint Human Rights Office at the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has been strengthened to assist in the follow-up to the recommendations of the report.
Belgian Nobel laureates
(Cheers, applause. )Earlier today, Senator Kerry called with his congratulations
(d) Increase to acceptable levels the percentage of women participating in joint bodies that have an impact on gender balance;
Moreover, there was no clear framework for coordination between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions with regard to its implementation.
  Blue Beard called, "Fatima, come down.
Djimessa Koffi, Sosou Koffi, Ekpe Koffi, Faustin Kimbazia and Kombouanga Yin Cent,
Act No. 67-030 of 18 December 1967 on matrimonial regimes and the form of wills, as amended by Act No. 90-014 of 20 July 1990, institutes the equal sharing of community property at the dissolution of the marriage.
128. In order to meet the greater demands created by an increase in publications produced by the University, the UNU Press has improved and strengthened its editorial, production, sales and marketing and promotion activities.
They can do so by working intersectorally, across ministries and in partnership with the private sector, civil society and non-governmental organizations.
iii. X-ray table#
And if you must drink drink in the moments that take your breath away.
Secretariat support to intergovernmental processes
[(e) Urged all countries, particularly developed countries, to take [active] measures to promote and facilitate the transfer of environmentally sound technologies and corresponding know-how, in particular to developing countries, on favourable terms, including on concessional and preferential terms, as mutually agreed, taking into account the need to protect intellectual property rights [in order to support the implementation of sustainable forest management;]
Though the air quality of Lianyungang is fairly good according to international standards, the local people's evaluation to the environment quality is not high.
(c) The consequence, because a society's worth depends on the personal quality of its members and the horizontal and vertical bonds they manage to establish.
Methods: To exclude the interference of cefotaxime sodium for injection to the determination of bacterial endotoxin through dilution method.
You're gonna do that anyway.
The extremists have been able to block peace because any attack from one side has systematically provoked a violent counterattack from the other.
Switzerland is surrounded by four large neighbors, namely France, Germany, Austria and Italy.
These are usually the children who felt the most isolated, the most separate from their normal hearing peers;
Instead of working out who owns what lawyers and mediators are trying to figure out the fiendishly trickier conundrum of who owes what.
But, to ordinary Indians, this political gamesmanship appeared to be merely a farce – the blind pretending to lead the unsighted.
Moreover, emphasis has been placed upon generating sex-disaggregated data and information in the newly designed database and programming activities.
In addition, Parties shall implement these process-related recommendations from the JIU report:
Our philosophy to this end rests first and foremost with a robust policy of effective confidence- and security-building measures aimed, among other things, at decreasing the military factor in the region.
This is the recommended method for populating your timesheet.
I changed down into first.
( Ibsen , Norwegian dramatist ) If you would go up high , then use your own legs
12. We believe that other issues also requiring preventive action are intolerant racist and xenophobic political platforms, which make it difficult, for example, to enact punitive legislation against racism and discrimination, the repudiation of affirmative action policies and the identification between ethnic or racial origin and a situation of poverty.
The miracle is this -- the more we share, the more we have.
:: At least six consultations on technical and sectoral matters and the coordination of existing structures among the Government of Burundi, donors and the United Nations
Not until I read the bible have I realize the fact that there is such an eternal love.
Statement by the Temporary President
International Organization for Migration (2008).
The latter required contributions only from landowners dumping wastewater into the sewerage and calculated their contributions on the basis of the reasonable criterion of living space of their dwellings.
"There's no firm date on any of this at the moment. There are a lot of projects that Apple is working on at the moment," she said on Thursday.
Chinese civilization is the only one without interruption in the world.
Unless communities are provided with adequate guarantees regarding employment, social development and a sustainable future for their land, and the independent legal and technical support to ensure these outcomes, the risk of conflict in concession areas remains high.
On 17 March, UNIKOM relocated its headquarters to the alternate command centre at Camp Khor on the Kuwaiti side of the demilitarized zone and, by 18 March, all remaining military and civilian personnel, including UNIKOM headquarters, had been relocated to Kuwait City.
4. The Committee shall decide the form and manner in which such additional information will be obtained.
(d) Provision of technical and financial assistance;
Bulgakov is one special styled writer of weirdness and satire, and his Grand Master And Margaret is his master piece of such artistic style.
Article 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure sets out the guarantees allowing persons who are detained to have the legality of their detention, remand or house arrest, reviewed by a court.
We will not succeed simply by military or security means. It is apolitical challenge.
These agencies ensure access and coverage for urban and local populations, as well as a wide choice of methods.
Measures adopted to protect the rights and interests of child victims of offences prohibited under the Optional Protocol
Agenda
31st Meeting
* The staff of the family commissions, who perform policing functions, as described earlier, and can only act with respect to the maintenance of the children, (determination, enforcement and review of the amount of maintenance).
10 a.m.−1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 4
Economic and Social Council, resumed organizational session [Charter]
The book began with a quotation from Goethe.
The next exam objective, 312.3, will have you creating and configuring print shares and learning how to access these shares from other systems.
I find you rather alarming, when I examine you close at han you talk of my being a fairy, but I am sure, you are more like a brownie.' 'Am I hideous, Jane?' 'Very, sir: you always were, you know.' 'Humph!
New Zealand
Oh, I'm tempted to get paid under the table.
(e) Preparation for conversion to the LMD (Licence-Master-Doctorat) system.
Andorran legislation does not yet provide for the burden of proof to be shared in racial discrimination cases, including those concerning employment.
Surnames offer depressing clues to the extent of social mobility over generations
Philosophers'ideas have great influence on the nation.
Telephone : (852) 2921 2560 or (852) 2921 2211 / Fax : (852) 2543 0469
Contributions received by UNDP from donors in connection with a specific fund and not yet transferred to participating United Nations organizations by the end of 2009 are recorded as cash and investments -- funds held in trust by the MDTF Office under three separate United States dollar bank accounts.
Up until that day, I had been too busy trying to survive my abusive marriage.
Maria Virginia Bras Gomes (Portugal)
East Indiamen were designed out of the experiences gathered from long and arduous voyages to India.
Report of the Third Committee
United Nations Mission in Nepal
 New conflicts and large population movements in Burundi and Rwanda will require major assistance in 1994.
She had appealed to the Secretary-General and Member States for the necessary support and additional resources to enable the Committee to fulfil its new responsibilities in connection with the Optional Protocol.
In paragraph 3(2) of its resolution 63/220 the General Assembly "invites relevant UN Funds, programmes and specialized agencies and invites Multilateral Environmental Agreements to consider mainstreaming the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacity Building in their overall activities, and calls upon Governments and other stakeholders in a position to do so to provide the necessary funding and technical assistance to further advance and fully implement the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacity-building".
Several political blocs expressed strong objections to certain provisions of the law.
(1) In my fridgeless Fifties childhood, I was fed well and healthy.
The degree of liquefaction is low with smaller acceleration input, the degree of liquefaction is high with larger acceleration input.
(UNA028D03100) Commercial Activities Service
After that, the Assembly in a second reading considers the draft together with proposed amendments.
5. Updating the guidance
 9. At the same meeting, on the proposal of the Chairman, the Committee decided, by general agreement, to consider and take a decision at one and the same time on the three draft proposals before it relating to the item.
Informal "informal" consultations on the draft resolution of international cooperation to reduce the impact of El Niño phenomenon (under agenda item 49 (c)) (convened by the delegation of Mexico)
Follow-up to the seventh special session of the Human Rights Council on the negative impact of the worsening of the world food crisis on the realization of the right to food for all (subprogrammes 1 and 4)
Mexico also noted the need for technical assistance to expedite the process of accession to the international human rights standards and instruments.
OIOS recommends that the Secretary-General endorse and promulgate the United Nations Evaluation Group norms and standards as the framework for all evaluation policy and practice in the Secretariat.
It''s December.
The Reykjavik and Bremen workshops stressed the importance of keeping these two strands separate.
The Committee had been considering the issue for seven years and had consistently rubber-stamped the project despite the presence of serious violations and anomalies.
Each State participating in the Conference shall have one vote.
All prior legislation must be reviewed in order to identify and abolish such provisions as are not in conformity with the Convention.
A first stage is certainly the implementation of concrete measures such as the production of reports disaggregated by sex and of equality plans, the institution of posts of equality officer in enterprises, etc.
Of the 80 persons killed in Nablus, 50 were civilians, and of the 52 killed in Jenin, 22 were civilians.
Thursday, 12 November 2009, from 10.15 a.m. to 12.30 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Robert looked down almost sadly at her bright, animated face
No , we are neither in the same department nor in the same grade.
part three mainly deals with the rules , terms , and legal consequences of the trustee ' s exercise of the option.
(i) Job experience requirements for leadership positions should be changed, given that few women currently meet them.
Furthermore, the State party should remove impediments to the adoption and implementation of legislation combating hate speech that complies with the Covenant.
FMB will update you on the exact timing and location of the Americas Conference shortly.
On 16 March, a suicide car bomb exploded in the town of Nabi Uthman in the Bekaa, killing 4 people and injuring more than 10 others.
During the day when I'm trying to study, my typing interferes with her enjoyment of The Loveboat, Days of Our Lives, and Another World.
Medical practitioners bear professional responsibility for the services they provide to their patients regardless of whether the clinics are owned by the medical practitioners themselves or by other people who are not health care personnel.
The weapons and ammunition collection during the campaign together with the weapons seized and confiscated during search and seizure operations will be destroyed locally in an environmentally friendly way.
They also noted the ASEAN Declaration on the Promotion and Protection of the Rights of the Migrant Workers as a positive step in safeguarding the fundamental rights and dignity of migrant workers.
The decentralized nature of the forest sector was underlined, referring to the fact that, for communities living on fringes of forests and often in such remote areas, forests provided the only possible source of employment, shelter, food and medicine.
 "(d) The right to equal remuneration, including benefits, and to equal treatment in respect of work of equal value, as well as equality of treatment in the evaluation of the quality of work;
Only by adopting effectual measures can human society de velop steadily and have a bright future.
4. Emphasizes its full support for the continued role of the High Representative in monitoring the implementation of the Peace Agreement and giving guidance to and coordinating the activities of the civilian organizations and agencies involved in assisting the parties to implement the Peace Agreement, and reaffirms that under Annex 10 of the Peace Agreement the High Representative is the final authority in theatre regarding the interpretation of civilian implementation of the Peace Agreement and that in case of dispute he may give his interpretation and make recommendations, and make binding decisions as he judges necessary on issues as elaborated by the Peace Implementation Council in Bonn on 9 and 10 December 1997;
 Provision is made for the purchase of miscellaneous items such as sandbags and other protective material at a cost of $1,370 per month, costed for an average of 12 months.
The question there was whether the applicable law on a war crimes charge was the law of international or internal armed conflict.
23. The participating delegations expressed thanks to the Secretary General for efforts he exerted to prepare for the meeting, which contributed to its success and to the achievement of its objectives.
A certain Aug--, chief of the Society aid for tailors, Rue Mondetour, had the reputation of serving as intermediary central between the leaders and the Faubourg Saint-Antoine.
The important thing is that we have to innovate.
Conclusion Total timosaponins has the restrain effect on myocardial hypertrophy induced by isoprenaline in mouse.
Pesticides
Consideration of agenda item 32 (The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict), scheduled for Thursday, 2 December 2010, has been postponed to a later date to be announced;
In the absence of the Chairperson, Ms. Ferrer Gómez, Vice-Chairperson, took the Chair.
Furthermore, one Bureau Director (currently Director of the Bureau for Asia and the Pacific) will participate in the Board on a rotating basis.
African Group: Group of Experts on Economic Matters
10. Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) said that the Advisory Committee had considered the statement submitted by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/23) on the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.15 and Corr.1, which took note of the comments of the International Law Commission on the question of a split session for 1998, as well as of the Commission's position that it should hold an 11-week session in 1998 and a 12-week session in 1999.
Yet, in terms of actual policymaking there has been remarkably little progress, despite the recognition of the worldwide repercussions of volatile food and energy prices and capital movements and the strong international spillover effects of national policies.
I now give the floor to the representative of Egypt, Ambassador Zahran.
The review team shall consist of two Board members, who will be responsible for supervising the review and, as appropriate, outside experts.
As such, the Panel retained expert consultants in the areas of accounting and loss adjusting to provide advice on valuation matters, pursuant to article 36 of the Rules.
Over some 30 years, it has built a client base that includes Universal artists, from Kanye West to Girls Aloud, and many who record for other labels, such as EMI's Iron Maiden and Sony BMG's Beyonc茅.
Lesson37:TALKING  ABOUT  FAMILIES  AND  RELATIVES 541. He likes fishing.542
(Fourth Committee)
The European Union had recently approved a code of conduct aimed at enhancing cost-effectiveness by reducing transaction costs and improving development results.
Gender issues and the advancement of women
A. Harmonization of administrative practices and entitlements for staff of the United Nations system serving at field duty stations
"My mom is freaking out every day that some crazy fundamentalist is going to say, 'How dare she say that
New TownsThe planning principle for Yuen Long Town is to guide the development and redevelopment within the New Town to achieve the Government's objectives of developing a balanced New Town and a regional centre of the NWNT.
China has a comparatively low level of urbanization, with an urbanization rate of 44.9 percent in 2007, lower than the world's average.
The Council considered the situation in Burundi on the basis of a briefing by the Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
23. The Commission may also wish to take into account its review on the use of formal working methods at its forty-sixth session, set out in paragraphs 300 and 303-306 of A/68/17, itself based on the detailed discussion in Section IV of document A/CN.9/774.
The Panel invited Iraq to submit its comments on the claims together with any documentation on which Iraq might wish to rely in support of its comments.
4. Analysis of ways to enhance the contribution of specific services sectors to the development perspectives of developing countries: Energy services in international trade: development implications
UNIDO is committed to maintaining excellent standards in the implementation of these programmes with the ultimate aim of assisting the developing countries and transition economies in their struggle against poverty and marginalization.
4. As of December 2014, the Governments of Australia, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland had contributed to the Trust Fund's eighteenth grant-making cycle.
[Categories based on the scale of the project activity (small-scale or large-scale);]
Continuing Education Fund (CEF)
It simply intends to say that, to the extent that an obligation arising from the rules of the organization has to be regarded as an obligation under international law, the principles expressed in the present article apply.
Ukraine is therefore one of the countries that strongly advocate the enhancement of the role of the United Nations in establishing and consolidating democratic standards in public and social life.
University of Maryland scientists say while Americans' intake of calcium has stopped declining, teenage girls are still not getting enough of the mineral.
Membership
The qualitative characteristics of financial statements
98. The UNICEF emergency and rehabilitation programme has enabled the agency to respond to the needs of refugees and internally displaced people.
Core criteria for arms transfers
"Medical-Psychological Work with Mothers in Neonatal Unit" Lactation and Stillen, 1999, pp. 135-136
Im staying at Glorias.And we hardly spoke again until one day in early springthat time I was talking about, with the treesbare but reddening, and the crows and the seagulls busy, and the farmers hollering to their horses
Like Bosquet's in 1854, Mr Sarkozy's judgment was harsh and correct.
Through rhythm, you can discover new things, especially really interesting bits, in the music.
(a) To contribute, upon request, to the provision of technical assistance or advisory services on the issues pertaining to the mandate;
It may feel a little awkward at first, but don't sleep in and skip worship.
For the three jurisdictions under review, the COMESA Competition Commission will have the preliminary task of going through EAC configuration when deciding on any case.
Outputs.
22. Draft resolution A/C.3/65/L.46/Rev.1 was adopted by 76 votes to 64, with 42 abstentions.
This institute a Health Base in the MiYun a wonderful place.
 She said that an appeal had been made to the Constitutional Court regarding the unconstitutionality of certain provisions contained in the Civil Code.
1. The International Federation Terre des Hommes has provided the Secretariat with a report dated January 2003 on the trafficking of Albanian children into Greece. The full text of the report is available for consultation with the Secretariat of the Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery
2. United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF)
22. On 7 July, Burundi officially joined the East African Community Customs Union comprising the United Republic of Tanzania, Rwanda, Uganda and Kenya, and adopted its common external tariff.
41. At the 39th meeting, on 26 July, the representative of Canada, on behalf of Benin, Brazil, Canada, Haiti, Spain, Trinidad and Tobago and Tunisia, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Ad hoc Advisory Group on Haiti" (E/2006/L.11).
The Council/Forum approved the Bureau's report at the 10th meeting, on 7 February.
My son Zuo si does not study as well as I did when I was young, although I did not study well enough myself. It appears that he is actually a good-for-nothing.
3. Adoption of the agenda.
The belief that the most enjoyable moments of life are spent relaxing in the fruits of our labor doesnt match the real world.
The Board recommends that since the integrated library management system project has been considerably delayed from the time the General Assembly authorized it during the biennium 1992-1993 the Administration should ensure that its full implementation is achieved without further delay.
Summary statement by the Secretary-General on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration
The Inspectors found that the permanent secretariat did not even dispose of copies of these agreements.
The bright colors of the flowers arrested Susan's attention.
I think he' s ready to negotiate
Deeds ceding the islands to the United States from the early 1900s were accepted by an Act of Congress on 20 February 1929.
Therefore, flue gas treatment devices should be equipped (see section III, H, I below).
Article 12. Key principles for community anti-Nazi audits
My sister always takes pity on some stray cats or dogs.
Total recorded 1996 expenditures $1,071,800
Ordinarily neutrinos and antineutrinos readily escape from stellar interiors without making collisions.
Commission on the Status of Women
We reaffirm the principle of the universality of the rights of children within the framework of positive cultural diversity.
We urge States to promote equitable cross-sectoral sociopolitical processes, based on an ecoregion approach, for the economic mitigation of natural disasters caused by climate change.
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation in Somalia
Sixty-ninth session
Parliaments around the world are using the International Day of Democracy, 15 September, to engage citizens, and particularly young people, in dialogue on the achievements of and challenges to democracy in their respective countries.
Text for Japan and Canada has also been added in Section 4.
They noted, however, that results-based management tools had not been sufficiently internalized in the organization, and thus urged UNDP to give the highest priority to training key staff in results-based planning, monitoring, evaluation and reporting.
More updates coming your way soon,
Recalling also the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, and the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and the review of their implementation in the economic, social and related fields,
In recognition of this, the Secretary-General's High-level Panel on Global Sustainability noted that "Any serious shift towards sustainable development requires gender equality" and recognized gender equality as one of the fundamentals of development (see A/66/700, para. 17 (f)).
48. Suggesting that a full day be devoted at the ninth ICM in 2009 for the informal consultations with States to continue the dialogue, members welcomed the comments and constructive criticism from the States parties and took note of the reservations expressed.
The second area is acts against civilians in the camps, including rape, by the forces of President AlBashir.
From now on, US diplomatic relations with other countries will engage directly with their people and connect them to the American people as much as possible.
683. In paragraph 204 of the report, UNOPS agreed with the Board's recommendation that it perform a cost-benefit analysis for the recommendations made by the strategic advisory groups in order for the change management initiatives to be measured against a substantiated budget and to track the value generated by the change management process.
A range of issues related to the financing of primary and secondary education must therefore be addressed.
Infrastructure
But even when terrorism is condemned, the tendency is to do so within the same breath as condemning legitimate actions in self-defence, under Article 51 of the United Nations Charter.
Casius quadrangle
19. On 25 August 1994, between 1300 and 2000 hours, 14 Iraqi military personnel were seen constructing ramparts at the geographic coordinates of ND4000001000 of Khosravi, west of border pillar 53.
In gold and Shenzhen International Trust and Investment Corporation?
She liked the adventures of a spy.
In a moment they had passed the slow cart with the box, and disappeared behind the shoulder of the hill.
The movement of skilled persons also produces significant gains, especially in the case of supplying countries with larger pools of skilled human resources to tap.
The establishment of the Board for Ethnic Equality is an important step forward.
The Implementation Support Unit shall seek to cooperate with relevant bodies and actors with a view to enhancing inclusiveness and practical cooperation as well as operational effectiveness and efficiency.
The Committee emphasized the need to ensure the adequate capacity of the Division to carry out its functions, and that the Division should be encouraged to actively participate in regional cooperation activities on matters relating to oceans and seas.
Only one permitted in each direction
You and me can't hardly be decent together if what happened back there -- he jerked his head in the direction of the apartment -- grabs on us like that.
Laws restricting this freedom allow Governments to treat peaceful assemblies as illegal and to use violence against human rights defenders exercising their right to protest against human rights violations.
(v) Conference of the States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction:
The group ran into financial problems when Hawaii withdrew in 1999.53
The present report is prepared in response to resolution 56/64 B and updates the information already provided.1
7. Article 12.1 provides a definition of the right to health, while article 12.2 enumerates illustrative, nonexhaustive examples of States parties' obligations.
He can drive with the best of them, probably the best in the league at scoring near the basket, but his jumper still needs some work.
Companies can list both on the mainland and in Hong Kong.
Military and police strength as at 27 August 2006
Originally, I think it would be slightly shorter than Goblet of Fire
Mine action is a growing component of peacekeeping and special political missions, based on explicit reference to mine action in mission mandates or through contributions to the protection of civilians and the safe conduct of other mandated activities.
Conclusion: Both of the two methods are sensitivity and specificity in the detection of trichinosis antibodies.
Then he turned abruptly in the direction opposite to the bench,to M. Leblanc and his daughter, and went home.
On 24 June 1999, the ESA Council decided to instruct the Administration of ESA to enter into formal negotiations with Portugal with the objective of having Portugal become a full member as of 1 January 2000.
A system with good normal - mode noise rejection can usually remove this noise from the measurement.
International drug control [99]
29. The Millennium Declaration calls on all Member States to ensure that the benefits of new technologies, especially information and communication technology (ICT) are available to all.
Having concluded its consideration of communication No. 1181/2003, submitted to the Human Rights Committee on behalf of Mr. Francisco Amador Amador and Mr. Ramón Amador Amador under the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
I wish we Americans had a better train system.STEVE: I know
Users must be closely involved when standards are developed, since the final product should be user-friendly.
It is composed of five members of the Committee nominated by the Chairperson, taking account of the desirability of a balanced geographical distribution and other relevant factors.
Please find enclosed herewith one of the last statements made by Mr. Duve on this issue.
The importance of managing state wage system is determined by the role of wage as an incentive to work and as main source of income to satisfy employees and family vital needs.
Grammaticalization is an important law to produce new grammatical formatives and markers in the Lahu language. In this paper, the features of gramaticalization in the language are discussed.
Find a  Berber-speaking Partner
The delegation of Myanmar thanked the Executive Boards of the funds and programmes for the joint field visit and the United Nations organizations for their support to the country.
The Council further agreed, without prejudice to future European Union decisions, that NATO will continue to assist the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia with defence and security reform.
3. Strengthening the United Nations response to AIDS
However, if the investors’ ability to invest and re-invest capital for project development is restricted by constraints on the transferability of shares in infrastructure projects, there is a risk of a higher cost of funding.
Closure of debate
What happened in france?
(f) allow full and unhindered access to the League of Arab States' observer mission;
The lowest temperature in this area in the winter is about minus 10 degrees.
As then the statutes which constituted the various Quaestiones were all called forth by particular emergencies锛?each of them being in fact passed to punish a class of acts which the circumstances of the time rendered particularly odious or particularly dangerous锛?these enactments made not the slightest reference to each other锛?and were connected by no common principle.
34. The Republic of Korea contributed US$ 1,711,800 in 2000 and has allocated US$ 1,736,000 for 2001 for the SADC region, with an emphasis on providing education and training for students from SADC countries in human resources development, trade and investment promotion, agricultural development, economic and regional development, crime prevention and computer technology.
Income security redesign
A hereditary ruler ; a king.
This requires, first and foremost, a sustained “surge response” to Ebola in the three most affected countries.
Workers who do overtime were 61% more likely to become hurt or ill, once factors such as age and gender were taken into account.
During his January 2008 address, the Premier announced the decision of the Government to create an umbrella agency, called the Environmental Protection Agency, dealing with all issues of environmental protection, preservation and management.
She was so angry that she blasted  him with insults and loudly mentioned all his faults.
The chest is moderately broad.
We should also note that in practice some trades, such as carpentry, masonry and the like, are all but exclusively male.
Logistics Outsourcing is shaping enterprise core competitiveness, and it is one of the ways of efficiently using of specialized resources. It is used more and more widely in modern enterprises.
For instance, it is contrary to the principles of international law for municipal law, including customary law, to provide that only male relatives can claim and receive compensation on behalf of women victims of rights violations.
(i) Identification of halon users
At the meeting it was agreed to establish the Emergency Committee for the Coordination of Assistance (ECCA) to Gaza, aiming at harmonizing the activities of all actors in the field of humanitarian assistance and efficiently responding to the real needs of the Palestinian people.
This job alone can keep him back and belly.
When the reporter pointed out to him that there seemed little difference between the two schools, Martin had shrugged his shoulders in silent affirmation.
Although Bhutan has adopted no specific legislative measures, it supports ensuring women the opportunity to represent the country at the international level and to participate in the work of international organisations.
This is a cosmopolitan annual weed of warm-temperate regions.
14 Ibid.
5 men, 4 women
In addition, they are more agile in responding quickly to crises, as they have fewer bureaucratic constraints.
Lithuania
I thought we were going to town.
Governments should address these policy matters through energy policies aimed at improving the efficiency of, and increasing the use of, renewable energy in each country's energy mix.
17. Requests the Secretary-General to submit updated figures on the use and command of all six official languages by the staff of the Department of Public Information to the Committee on Information at its twenty-fourth session;
Has your seed sprouted?
In continuation of the inspection process, discussions are held with external auditors to review banks' internal controls, compliance with legislation, prudential standards and adequacy of provisions.
16. To address the issue of climate change, which will likely have significant economic and social consequences and impact peace, security, stability and development in many regions of the world, UNESCO has been assisting member States to build and maintain the requisite knowledge base, and to adopt measures for adapting to the impacts of climate change, contribute to the mitigation of its causes, and strengthen sustainable development.
Gordon: So you're not coming? I have to leave now, bye.
Implementation of 41 new24-hour CAPS-ad 24h by 2014 and [CAP-ad = Psychosocial Care Center for drug addicts] changing the existing 134 into CAPS-ad into 24-hour ones in 2012
 (e) In view of the need to increase effectiveness in coordinating project funding among donors, the Panel may wish to give its view on the approach taken jointly by UNDP and the World Bank of involving both donors and recipient countries as partners in planning ODA for forestry.
Zin We had breakfast this morning.
No fear of big vessels coming up here.
What about makeup? How much is okay?
The Fed's gung-ho leadership may also nudge other central banks towards easing more aggressively.
Following on from the discussions initiated at the meetings in Rio de Janeiro, it was agreed that a single handbook should be finalized to guide the coordinated implementation of the two sets of guidelines by enriching the draft handbook with elements on the process of decentralization to enhance its relevance in improving access to basic services.
If prosecutorial misconduct results in a mistrial, a later prosecution may be barred.
2 November 1990
The Board of Inquiry Section had to adjust to this situation by prioritizing cases according to the type of incident, giving priority to death and serious injury cases.
22. Mr. Forshaw (Australia) said that all aspects of the effects of armed conflict on children should be treated as a matter of priority.
 This is a matter we hope the Secretary-General's development programme will touch upon.
Hopkins Frank Hopkins Hopkins?  You bring a dispatch?
A. Nonguierma
The module was used to provide training in this area to 5,000 teachers in 2011.
That driver drove the car up the ramp.
The training of psychiatric nursing has been transferred to Brandon University.
Torpedo impact: 25 seconds.
As the current Chair of the CSTO, Belarus stands ready to assist in this effort as much as it can.
22. The multilateral banks have made a significant contribution to financing for the region, and they will continue to play a decisive role in the future.
These are inherent and apparently permanent and can be propagated vegetatively.
Accordingly, COP 14 would be held in conjunction with CMP 4, from 1 to 12 December 2008.
Statements were made by representatives of 18 Parties as noted in paragraph 77 above.
9. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-fourth session the item entitled "United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa".
 ECOMOG has tried to do what it can under extremely difficult circumstances.
The Rush to Atrial Septal Defect Closure: Is the Introduction of Percutaneous Closure Driving Utilization?
14. In addition to the above-mentioned trends, some delegations, showing more flexibility on the issue of the legal framework, believe that what should be important is not the shape of the legal framework but its impact on the goal of the "Global Zero".
While this is the third consecutive biennium that UNDP has been awarded an unqualified audit opinion, UNDP management recognizes that it is the first year since the adoption of International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS) and will ensure that the gains derived from key management initiatives begun in previous years are protected and underlying systemic issues are fully addressed.
In the absence of equilibrium, resources could be mainly allocated to the production of non-tradables, thus enlarging the trade gap.
 We are grateful to them for their accomplishments.
Pakistan was encouraged to note that the State was ready to improve the quality of life of its citizens by putting special emphasis on economic and agricultural development.
Where there was violent rebellion, there is now progress and hope.
What a woman really wants is to be in charge of her own life.
29. By providing dedicated resources for women's empowerment, deploying experienced gender advisors and adopting performance incentives, attention and resources have been focused on integrating women's needs into UNDP crisis prevention and recovery operations.
JPM
It may be assumed that since additional data is presented by a coastal State in support of the particulars of the limits of the continental shelf submitted by it to the Commission, it should not contradict them.
Burundians share the same language, Kirundi, which is both the official and the national language.
Average number of patrols and posts covered daily
:: Advice to the Mano River Union on the implementation of its action plan on human rights
Origin of liquor allegedly related to a dutiful son.
6. Acknowledges the clear and transparent presentation of the progress made in implementing the UNFPA strategic plan, 2008-2013, and the translation of the findings and lessons learned into the ongoing midterm review, taking into account the observations of the members of the Executive Board;
It treated the exhaustion of local remedies as being distinct, in principle, from “the merits of the case”.
IV. Overview of activities of regional seas programmes on marine litter
Stamens 3, anthers glabrous or tips penicillate.
Building the capacities for the care of children in distress by establishing a second reception centre for such children in Garoua, in the north of the country.
Effective measures to promote and protect equality and non-discrimination are carried out, mainly through education, law in action, training of officials and public awareness campaigns.
74. As I indicated in my last report, an effective public information component would be crucial to ensure widespread understanding of the purpose, objectives and activities of the mission.
1. The Council considered the question of operational activities of the United Nations for international development cooperation (agenda item 3) at its 20th to 24th and 33rd meetings, from 8 to 12 and on 20 July 2005 (for the proceedings, see E/2005/SR.20-24 and 33).
84. UNMISS conducted extensive induction and training to raise awareness among United Nations personnel and the local population on United Nations standards of conduct.
Whether from legal or illegal sources, income is taxable.
The President: Addressing the global challenges of sustainable development, climate change, extreme poverty, hunger, and the HIV/AIDS pandemic, are the moral and political imperatives of our times.
UNIFEM will contribute to the achievement of the goals:
11. In a changing global environment, her agency dealt with such issues as building resilient communities and adaptive management strategies, and protecting human health and well-being.
The full text of the strategic plan is contained in annex 1 on this article.
(b) Reaffirms also the importance of maintaining the intergovernmental nature of the work of the Second Committee while encouraging the participation of relevant experts in the general debate and debates on individual agenda items as appropriate, and encourages, in this respect, the Bureau of the Committee to meet at an early stage to select relevant experts to address the general debate and debates on individual agenda items, and emphasizes that such selection should ensure, inter alia, a variety of perspectives and appropriate geographic and gender balance;
Furthermore, it merits the attention that Mr. Hashem, whose political affiliation is well known, has been involved in similar incidents in the past, for example on 17 July 2009 when he led 15 Lebanese civilians across the Blue Line near a UNIFIL position adjacent to the Shuba village.
9. The Legal Counsel congratulated the members of the Commission on the excellent professional work that they had performed with utmost integrity.
You give me a larger allowance of sympathy than I have a just claim to
In accordance with rule 37 of the rules of procedure, the Commission reports to the Economic and Social Council on the work of each session.
Determine the proper bushing length from the thickness of the center member to be inserted between the friction facings .
(a) Any compensation would be paid immediately and would then be recovered from the applicant should the Appeals Tribunal reverse the Dispute Tribunal's judgement;
15 April 1998
These approaches, however, need to be implemented more broadly. Indicators to assess sustainability of capacity development activities also need to be developed.
Therefore, the transient analysis to CVT is still very rough.
44. FLA has concluded, in essence, that monitoring by itself is not an effective way of bringing about change in supply chains.
The invention relates to the technical field of security tags in particular to a double-frequency tag with low frequency and high frequency.
Big John: And if I was a spy, what would you think of me then?
Addendum
Some pretend to have big problems only to take advantage. Try to recognize lies and insincere acts.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of all the reports of the Second Committee.
Agenda item 5
The abyss between wealth and poverty was increasing not only among developing and developed countries, but also within the industrialized world itself, in the pockets of poverty fed by phenomena such as migration.
An issues-oriented agenda would allow for more focused consideration of complex matters and would simplify the task of promoting coherence in the work of the system.
353. The Committee is concerned that, in actions concerning children, the general principle of the best interests of the child contained in article 3 of the Convention is not always a primary consideration, such as in matters relating to family law.
The General Assembly welcomed these principles in its resolution 55/223, which "encourages the organizations of the United Nations common system to use the integrated framework as a basis for their future work on HR policies and procedures and to bring it to the attention of their GBs".
The Commission for coordination of activities and further improvement of cooperation in the field of judiciary and internal affairs in relation to issues of general interest was formed at the end of 2008, in particular to coordinate the activities in the combat against corruption, organized crime, terrorism, drugs, human trafficking, confiscation of property, money laundry and other related issues.
The number of signatories to the Code had grown to over 700 companies, since its conclusion in 2010.
Recalling its general recommendations No. 1 (1972) on States parties' obligations, No. 7 (1985) on legislation to eradicate racial discrimination, No. 15 (1993) on organized violence based on ethnic origin and No. 35 (2013) on combating racist hate speech, which state that the provisions of article 4 of the Convention are of a preventive and mandatory nature, the Committee reiterates its previous recommendation that the State party adopt specific legislation to implement all aspects of article 4 of the Convention, including the provisions that organizations which promote and incite racial discrimination shall be declared illegal and prohibited.
The laboratory method for TCLP can be found at http://www.epa.gov/epaoswer/hazwaste/test/sw846.htm.
P-3
4. In drafting article 12 of the Covenant, the Third Committee of the United Nations General Assembly did not adopt the definition of health contained in the preamble to the Constitution of WHO, which conceptualizes health as "a state of complete physical, mental and social wellbeing and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity".
Guinea-Bissau
Annual average Lower
The unrestrained freedom of the'I'will inevitably deprive the freedom of the'others '.
He's a genuinely top bloke especially as he braved the rain to do what he did.
16. Reiterates that States parties should take into account, in their nomination of members to the Human Rights Committee and the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, that the Committees shall be composed of persons of high moral character and recognized competence in the field of human rights, consideration being given to the usefulness of the participation of some persons having legal experience, as well as to equal representation of women and men, and that members shall serve in their personal capacity, and also reiterates that, in the elections of the Committees, consideration shall be given to equitable geographical distribution of membership and to the representation of the different forms of civilization and of the principal legal systems;
One is positive confirmation, which asks the recipient to the auditor whether the account balance is correctly stated or not.
The constitutional review process also involved examination of section 22 of the Constitution on family and marriage.
Protection of the Exclusive Rights to Use Registered Trademarks Article 37.
You've experienced your Essence when you've listened to your Intuition and something purposeful has occurred because you trusted yourself. , re listening to Faith Radio Online-Simply to Relax, and Im Faith.
10. The ISU received and responded to hundreds of requests from State Parties on matters related to implementation and compliance.
Obviously, this process won't work if you quit before convergence
The truth is that the earth goes around the sun.
Without an enduring, patient commitment there is a real possibility that south Sudan could slide back into conflict and chaos.
Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) are the key cellular molecules, which mediates many biologic actions such as cell-cell recognition, cell-matrix adhesion and in early vertebrate embryos.
However, the use of sensors cannot only reduce the presence of inspectors on site but can also provide more complete coverage.
He never did nice deeds or helped living creatures. He didn't look like a monk, either.
Operational objective 5: Financing and technology transfer
The European Union calls on all States to accede to the Convention and the 1995 Agreement, as well as to the Agreement on the Implementation of Part XI of the Convention.
They are deemed to be dwellings within the meaning of the Residential Tenancies (Rent) Act referred to above.
He paid tribute to the Director-General for his dynamic leadership.
Friday, 17 October 2014, from 10:00 to 13:00, in Conference Room E; and from 15:00 to 18:00, in Conference Room 6.
Mr. Abdelsalam (Sudan) (spoke in Arabic): I associate myself with the statement made earlier by the representative of Jamaica on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
It's the middle of nowhere, so they won't be very impressive
Finally, in. order to make the enterprise informationization construction is more efficient, this paper will supply some suggestions.
In April, a group of Palestinians living in tents and tin shacks were told to leave their land since it was needed for military purposes.
The representative of one of those Parties subsequently reported to the Working Group that they had agreed to recommend to the Working Group the deletion of many of the uses in tables A and A bis, as revised by decisions XVII/6 and XVII/7, including those that TEAP had reported to be no longer in operation, those that TEAP had said it had been unable to assess and those that TEAP had recommended be deleted, as well as those that had been put into operation after 1 July 1999.
In the Kivus, MONUC has been deeply involved in advocacy and negotiation efforts to improve access to long-isolated rural areas.
The Regional Oversight Mechanism further endorsed my Special Envoy's initiative to organize, together with the ICGLR, a private sector investment forum later this year.
I think Marion was in shock as the entire Suns bench went sideways! She was in shock when hearing that news.
62. The concept of free association was also touched on by the Minister of Finance in his budget address to the House of Assembly in December 2003.
④ Judiciary-related Laws
Although, some problems have been encountered from the adoption of special measures to accelerate the de facto equality between women with men, the Royal Government of Cambodia has encouraged, through the MoWVA, the citizens living in urban and major populous areas to have better understanding of the issue of equality by setting out a strategy to mainstream gender issues in Government and private institutions.
Upon incorporation, a certificate of due diligence is to be signed.
The Permanent Missions wish to place on record that they are in persistent objection to any attempt to impose a moratorium on the use of the death penalty or its abolition in contravention to existing stipulations under international law, for the following reasons:
(UN-U-41-831) Financial Resources Management Service
Agenda item 153: Financing of the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste
April 1998
However, regular meetings did not take place owing to the priority given to the redeployment of SAF and SPLA forces in accordance with the Ceasefire Agreement.
(f) WHO is working with the Global Health Security Initiative, the Ministries of Health of the G-7 countries plus Mexico for improved preparedness for and response to the deliberate use of biological and chemical agents, with particular attention to smallpox;
The Commission recommends that an appearance before such a committee could lead to a reduction or waiver of an individual's public sanction.
18. Despite those achievements, the Sierra Leone Police continues to be hampered by a lack of vehicles, communications equipment, handcuffs, flashlights and batons, as well as inadequate barracks accommodation.
The integrated water resources management process and integrated water resources management plans are based on scientific and rational priority setting
Throughout 1998 and particularly during the past months, East Timor has received unprecedented international attention.
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
The United Nations country team leadership and coordination skills programme is aimed at increasing the potential for joint programming and improving the leadership and management skills of country teams by facilitating inter-agency learning.
Filmographies
Most people read about their own fields, so you can gain an edge by reading things from other fields.
To that end, synergies with other UNIDO offices working or planning projects in those areas could be identified.
Article 27  The people's police shall stop an assembly, a procession or a demonstration that is being held, if it involves one of the following circumstances: (1) failure to make an application in accordance with the provisions of this Law or to obtain permission for the application; (2) failure to act in accordance with the purposes, manners, posters, slogans, starting and finishing time, places and routes permitted by the competent authorities; or (3) the emergence, in the course of the activity, of a situation which endangers public security or seriously undermines public order.
Filtering based on the binary image the standard geometric template is constructed by the geometric characteristics of the target area.
(a) Arbitration: See the Note by the Secretariat on possible future work in the field of dispute settlement (A/CN.9/785), which addresses work identified in consultations held by the Secretariat: the question of concurrent proceedings in the field of investment arbitration was seen as increasingly important;
We collapsed a school and a home with 20 mannequins inside.
In terms of geographical diversification, the proportion of the Fund invested in North America had declined to 43.3 per cent whereas investments in Europe and the Asia and Pacific region had both increased.
The Curator's Grant-in-Aid program is for those who get good grades and take part in university activities.
In order for you to succeed in this business, your downline must succeed first.
337. The Economic Commission for Africa acknowledged that there was a need to adjust the price list in force since 2000.
The President (spoke in Arabic): In accordance with rule 30 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, we shall now proceed to the election of the Vice-Presidents of the General Assembly for its sixty-fifth session.
Two worries arise most often: globalization, which makes jobs migrate to poorer regions, and computer technology, which can make them disappear altogether.
A salesman has to hustle for a living.
In that connection, the Committee expressed concern regarding the conduct of members of the Civil Self-Defence Patrols, who had availed themselves of their position to harass repatriated persons (see A/51/40).
South Africa
Assessed ccontributions receivable from member Statesb
- There is no current multilateral agreement banning the deployment of weapons other than weapons of mass destruction in outer space.
Sparks flew up from the fire.
The Board had reviewed 41 of the 51 recommendations approved by the Secretary-General and, to the extent possible, had gauged the effects of the management reform measures taken since the approval of the relevant report.
Consequently, we can clip the arbitrary shape areas surrounded by line and curve.
To that end, government can initiate a participatory process which brings together multiple stakeholders and results in a holistic and people-centred KIT strategy.
7. The High Commissioner visited Timor-Leste, for the second time, from 23 to 25 August 2002 and met with the President, the Prime Minister, the Foreign Minister and other senior Government officials, members of the National Parliament, judges and lawyers, and representatives of civil society, including human rights non-governmental organizations and women's groups.
 WFP and other implementing partners put a strong emphasis on reaching vulnerable groups.
In that regard, strengthening and improving mechanisms of cooperation among the countries of the region, particularly in exchange of information and expertise, cooperation and coordination among law enforcement agencies, together with the promotion of mutual legal assistance, were considered essential.
Birthdays, weddings, the holiday seasonor even a simple get-together: Occasions for giving gifts abound
When the disease is very acute, it is attended with extremely severe symptoms in its first stage; and therefore an extremely attenuating diet must be used.
To determine a company's net worth, you subtract its liabilities from its assets.
The abhorrence of racism in all its forms and manifestations, with special emphasis on concrete examples from history, must be included in educational curricula in a manner which takes into account the levels, age and specialization of the students.
These cells measure approximately 60 by 80 centimetres, they have no light and inadequate ventilation, and the inmate can only stand or crouch.
James: Hello This is Johnsons Company. May I help you?
Posters, pamphlets and other relevant materials were furnished to journalists upon request.
Inje County
undertake pilot projects to demonstrate the contribution of forests, for example, Model Forests and watershed management
It was also indicated that cities all over the world are using culture as a central component of urban development strategies that are designed to capitalize on the economic benefits of globalization, including the redevelopment and global branding of cities as centres of culture, cultural heritage preservation and cultural heritage tourism, as well as support for creative urban cultural industries.
Ratification of the Optional Protocol to the Convention
She could not buy new shoes and wear them here.
Programme planning
The Special Committee encourages managers and commanders to continue to facilitate investigations within their existing responsibilities.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Operation in Burundi and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Please contact me anytime if you have quiries. This is my business card.
Accurate maps were needed, for instance, to avoid locating roads, housing and farms in disaster-prone areas.
Investigations are still under way to ascertain responsibilities in the excessive use of force.
USS Kentucky
The Town Planning Board today (May 8) announced the publication of the draft Urban Renewal Authority (URA) Prince Edward Road West/Yuen Ngai Street Development Scheme Plan (DSP).
S.a good idea might spawn a few imitators.
Closure of the Fifth Meeting (item 14 of the provisional agenda)
Bearing in mind the Political Declaration adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session, the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to enhance international cooperation to counter the world drug problem,
The Attorney General may apply to the Supreme Court for the freezing of funds and assets that are collected, or are suspected of being collected for the purpose of committing or financing terrorist acts;
60. In the territorial Government's annual budget statement, delivered in the Legislative Assembly on 30 April 2008, the Leader of Government Business indicated that challenges facing the Government's capital funding programme had necessitated the extension of the originally anticipated lead times of the three secondary campus construction projects.
That type of attitude would, however, not be consistent with the realities of policies that many countries apply, wrongly or rightly, to their own commodity sectors.
Conventional arms (including practical disarmament measures)
Tables 1. Five-year and other reviews of conferences
4.All roads lead to Rome.
LETTER DATED 29 JUNE 1998 FROM THE PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE
Upon enquiry regarding the three activities, the Committee was informed that, with regard to the survey of United Nations police, the Mission had recognized the importance of documenting lessons learned and best practices in the implementation of the UNMIT mandate in the area of United Nations police operations, taking into consideration the unique law enforcement mandate given to its police in 2006.
Tasks will include the movement of personnel and cargo among the mission's various locations.
"A. In accordance with the provisions of section 15A(b)(2) of the Civil Service (Appointments) Law, 5719-1959, to designate, insofar as possible, some ten percent of the annual class of interns in the Ministry of Justice solely for the employment of candidates who qualify for an internship in the Ministry of Justice and fulfill one of these:
2,000 receipts for contributions from Member States for peacekeeping.
A modern China will have a consistent rule of law to govern commerce and secure the rights of its people.
7. As envisaged by the Steering Committee, the report to be submitted to the Commission on Sustainable Development and to the General Assembly in 1997 will consist of four sections, supplemented by background documents containing an in-depth discussion of the issues discussed in each section.
42. At its 3069th meeting, on 27 July 2010, the Commission considered and provisionally adopted the following guidelines: 3.3.2 [3.3.3] (Effect of individual acceptance of an impermissible reservation), 3.3.3 [3.3.4] (Effect of collective acceptance of an impermissible reservation), 4.5.1 [3.3.2, later 4.5.1 and 4.5.2] (Nullity of an invalid reservation), 4.5.2 [4.5.3] (Status of the author of an invalid reservation in relation to the treaty), 4.5.3 [4.5.4] (Reactions to an invalid reservation), 4.6 (Absence of effect of a reservation on the relations between the other parties to the treaty), 4.7.1 [4.7 and 4.7.1] (Clarification of the terms of the treaty by an interpretative declaration), 4.7.2 (Effect of the modification or the withdrawal of an interpretative declaration in respect of its author) and 4.7.3 (Effect of an interpretative declaration approved by all the contracting States and contracting organizations).
Concern was expressed about the effects of unrestricted or subsidized seabed mining operations on producers and consumers alike.
The Conference may, after each vote on a proposal, decide whether to vote on the next proposal.
Details of how these schemes operate and the success rates can be found on the RGC website and in its Annual Report.
(insolvencyTheir company was in a state of insolvency
He stressed the need to use the limited time available in an efficient manner given the number of issues to be addressed.
Singapore's laws protect women against exploitation and abuse, as well as against trafficking and prostitution.
Reggie Jordan
How come nobody Why you sound so much like dewey cox?'' Mailboxes drip like lampposts in the twisted birth canal of the coliseum Rimjob fairy teapots mask the temper tantrum Oh, say can you see 'em?
A permanent reduction of the statutory non-wage costs;
Loss of income- producing property
He also took the opportunity to raise four other concerns mentioned in document A/CN.9/633: the need for the draft Guide to be fully compatible with the Unidroit draft Convention on Substantive Rules regarding Intermediated Securities; the importance of finding the right solution to conflict-of-law issues; a carve-out for the use of collateral comprising "financial contracts"; and the incorporation of relevant intellectual property rights in the draft Guide.
Bachelor or above degree with major in Computer Science or equivalent.
After the trust is established, if the trustor dies or disbands according to law, or is canceled or declared bankrupt according to law, and if the trustor is the only beneficiary, the trust shall terminate and the trust property shall be deemed as his heritage or liquidation property; if the trustor is not the only beneficiary, the trust shall continue to exist and the trust property shall not be deemed as his heritage or liquidation property; but if the trustor, as a joint beneficiary, dies or disbands according to law, or is canceled or declared bankrupt according to law, the beneficial right of the trust shall be deemed as his heritage or liquidation property.
Category
All crows are equally black , all wolves eat meat .
After all the impacts of chaos in the Middle East where import - dependent China sources vast amounts of its oil are as important to a Chinese as to a westerner.
Pakistan gave assurances that it had no intention of pushing back those Afghans who were already in Pakistan.
Dialogue and cooperation are the primary guidelines of the work of the Council so as to enhance the capacity of States to fulfil their obligations and meet international human rights standards.
5.6 The complainant invokes the Committee's concluding observations on several State reports to demonstrate that articles 1 and 16 can be interpreted as including a general prohibition against pre-trial detention in solitary confinement.
(a) Increased national capacities to develop policies and strategies to improve the lives of vulnerable groups
BUILDING SKILLS IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES: TRAINING,
The Panel proposes extending the system to any person appointed by the Secretary-General, the General Assembly or any principal organ to a remunerated post, or performing personal services under contract with the United Nations, such as consultants and locally recruited personnel of peacekeeping missions (see A/61/205, para. 156 and notes to annex I; and A/61/758, para. 12).
Privileges and immunities
The news inclined me to anger.
(c) To delay first pregnancy and support safe childbirth;
Beijing's success, economically, will be as big a boost to Beijing as it was in the run up to the Games in Tokyo in 1964, and Seoul in 1988.
We shall finish the civil work by the end of the year.
As the price of cigarettes continued to increase, most consumers traded down to the VFM segment.
Such measures run counter to the promotion of cooperation and partnerships which is required for the creation of a favourable environment for the benefit of all at the international level.
A ban on the granting of any financial loan or credit, on the acquisition of shares and on the creation of any joint venture with any enterprise in Iran engaged in the aforementioned sectors of the oil and gas industry (article 6).
Permission granted with conditions on 17 Dec 1998
They also needed basic macroeconomic and social structures in order to create a "nurturing environment".
Nonetheless, the Group experienced some difficulties with respect to information-sharing as part of its collaboration with the Mission.
Confidential, inadequate or non-existent impact assessments were viewed to prevent affected communities and other stakeholders from assessing the impact and value of company activities.
The Fifth Committee should try to change the order of priorities.
Article 23.Accounting personnel must have necessary professional knowledge.
Interaction between countries in addressing desertification and land degradation issues is gaining momentum.
6. Article 11: Duration of unilateral acts.
At the same meeting, the COP adopted resolution 1/CP.19.
During the biennium 2014-2015, the Tribunal expects to downsize 361 posts, in line with the trial and appeal schedule.
But “full employment” is a rather tenuous and unreliable construct.
To create your own model, you need to create the monitor set project and the monitor sets in that project as follows
22. Calls upon parties to make use of the mechanism for promoting implementation and compliance.
The author of the article elaborates the plan of audiovisual room and several design examples, which will be helpful reference.
Objective To observe the clinical results of posterior mini - incision THA ( total  hip arthroplasty ).
 23.17 The overall objective of this subprogramme is to fulfil the leadership role entrusted to the Secretary-General, through effective and strategic policy planning, monitoring and selected evaluation, to ensure better preparation for, as well as rapid and coherent responses to, natural disasters and other humanitarian emergencies.
UNIDO continues to discharge the mandate it received in 1993 from the United Nations Statistical Commission to maintain global industrial statistics in partnership with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Substantive session of 2014
Delegations wishing to participate in the plenary meetings are kindly requested to inscribe with the List of Speakers, General Assembly Affairs Branch (room S-2940B; tel. 1 (212) 963-5063; fax 1 (212) 963-3783; e-mail dizon@un.org).
Mr. Oleg Shamanov (Russian Federation)
Don't work in a rush and get into a muddle.
Mahonia microphylla
It stated the development, the separation mechanism and the uses of brush-type phases on the high performance liquid chromatography.
Additional questions raised can be addressed through the Fifth Committee, and the Secretariat will provide information as may be required.
The task of meeting them is complex; however, the Task Force is an effective mechanism for coordinating the response of developing countries and the United Nations system to those challenges.
Additionally, he gave a presentation on the Declaration to representatives of various United Nations agencies in a seminar organized by UNDP in New York, on 20 May 2009, at which he emphasized the role of United Nations agencies and programmes in implementing the Declaration.
The people a pioneering spirit, with the courage to make major changes.
It's blow out heat. Itsweltering in here. Can you send someone up to look at it?
5. Decides that the agenda for its next ordinary meeting shall include further consideration of a draft decision to amend Annex III to the Rotterdam Convention to include the following chemical: Endosulfan Pesticides
Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations
The major question to be decided in respect of the definition was whether, in the introductory part of paragraph 1, there was a need to enlarge on the definitions in the subparagraphs, and whether paragraph 2, connected with the “elements of crimes”, should be included.
Letter dated 22 March 2005 from the Permanent Representative of Bahrain to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Committee will consider specific proposals to address such issues if put forward by the Secretary-General.
Oman Ali Nasser Seif Al-Bualy, Khamis bin Salim Al-Khalili, Mohamed bin Khalfan Al-Dughaishi, Ahmad bin Said Al-Hosny
Rule 49
But the very high rate of Jewish out-marriage since World War II has caused an official rethinking among the progressive elements of American Judaism.
12. In the six years he had served as Director-General, UNIDO had been transformed into a vibrant, relevant and effective Organization.
2 Extent of country commitment to support reconciliation of work and family life
Besides that, he instructed malay campers not to make friends with non Malay.
Many countries have clarified the relationship between customary and statutory rights on land and natural resources and have established mechanisms for dispute resolution and access to justice.
In addition, special thanks is extended to the chairs of each working group, Geoff Thompson, Australia; Greg Rippon, Australia; Joachim Wuttke, Germany; Françoise Salame, Switzerland; Julie Rosenbach, United States of America; Bob Tonetti, United States of America; and especially to Marco Buletti, Switzerland, who chaired the Mobile Phone Working Group.
JA Worldwide says it reaches over eight million students each year in more than one hundred countries.
The authorized person should implement the right of use within the form, conditions, scope, and period of the contract.
When we arrived the fire was mushrooming upstairs.
In this regard, the Council notes that Israel and Lebanon have confirmed to the Secretary-General, as referred to in his report of 16 June 2000 (S/2000/590 and Corr.1), that identifying the withdrawal line was solely the responsibility of the United Nations and that they will respect the line as identified.
13. Encourages intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to continue to contribute to the promotion and protection of the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
32. At the 21 May 2012 meeting of the Standing Committee on Stockpile Destruction, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia recalled that at the 11MSP it reported that its armed forces, in an effort to determine what munitions would need to be destroyed in accordance with obligations under the Convention on Cluster Munitions, had discovered eight containers containing PFM-1S type anti-personnel mines.
Attempts to encourage men to engage more actively with their emotional and personal lives are essential, and organisations should create space for men to undertake such exploration.
Fax (212) 870 3220
Summary
I never like to let others see my tears, I would rather let people think I am happy too heartless, but al do not want to seem poor wronged.
Japana
Jean Valjean formed a part of that gang.
Sadly, it does not, and that fleeting moment of peak fertility drives everything from fashion to pornography to war.
The Committee's report on construction and maintenance projects in Addis Ababa, Vienna and Nairobi (A/63/465) addresses those issues.
I flung a diaper bag and my purse over my right shoulder, grabbed our two-year-old with my free hand and wrestled the car keys from him.
The core social investment partners -- Microsoft, the International Development Research Centre and the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation -- have contributed 21 million Canadian dollars to support these activities.
With regard to issue 2, "Implementing effective border controls", the following recommendations were made:
Working arrangements with intergovernmental organizations
Yet many of the smallest, lightest computers are studded with tradeoffs.
An estimated 39 per cent of them are already infected with HIV, one of the highest rates in Asia.
With the deployment of the expanded UNIFIL, it is essential that the engineering units requested to reinforce UNIFIL possess explosive ordnance disposal capacity.
(That was a surprise, since in rodents, the depots tend to be along the back, around the shoulder blades
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/68/L.43 and A/C.2/68/L.59
Objective: To observe the interlocking inner marrow nail treatment of the femur, tibia fracture efficacy.
Citric acid and trisodium citrate dihydrate, normally declared within CN codes 2918 14 00 and ex 2918 15 00 (these CN codes are given for information only).
The proposed sedition offence prohibits only incitement of others to endanger national security by such means as levying war or use of violence. The offence is in full compliance with the protection of freedom of speech.
An example of one of the capital markets alternatives is provided in annex I.
Objective To study the preventing methods of hepatic artery thrombosis after liver transplantation.
While this article makes some discussion in the photorespiration rate but the molecular mechanisms of photorespiration need further study.
The active political will of the parties is essential if a consensual peace agreement is to be realized.
Address: 11 Tat Tung Road, Tung Chung, Lantau, Hong Kong
Enterprise Uganda, a joint undertaking of the UNCTAD EMPRETEC Programme and the Enterprise Africa Initiative, was officially launched in December 2001.
Looking for work is a time-consuming process that can move -- or at least feel like it's moving -- at a snail's pace.
The Twelfth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention, held in April this year, discussed the matter of strengthening its role, which is currently limited to administrative and financial topics.
Nevertheless, in many cases we have been able to adopt positions expressing the interests of the Arab nation, when the will to do so was there.
We therefore emphasize the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General because they are crucial in helping to overcome the failures and shortcomings that could occur in the elaboration of national policies and programmes to combat the epidemic.
Lastly, Clinton and Trump differ on deficit spending and the national debt.
I guarantee you'll be providing your corporation with an outstanding sales management.
Please access the Legal Reference System for retrieving the folio number of a judgment.
This process would be repeated until the desired height was reached.
One proposal was to combine the methods of incorporation and transformation, with a view to giving it greater exposure.
Men stay away from personal and emotional issues which is exactly where women like to steer their conversations.
43. At its closing (119th) plenary meeting of the second part of the session, on 16 June 1997, the Working Party authorized the Rapporteur, under the authority of the Chairman, to prepare the report on its twenty-ninth session. Annex I
8. Invites the General Secretariat to follow up the activities of the relevant organizations and international forums so as to keep abreast of developments on the situation of Muslim communities and minorities in non-OIC Member States
What? Gio kissed you?
Hubei is comparatively weak in county economy constitutes the bottleneck of the problem in the Province.
Promoting efforts to eliminate violence against migrants, migrant workers and their families
The laptops are a part of a  million computer program at Westlake
"Reaffirming the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development and its principles, in particular the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities,
An Israeli enemy aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, circling over the South before leaving at 0705 hours.
The rest of the workshop was structured around the following four sessions:
INFORMATION SOCIETY MEASUREMENTS: THE CASE OF E-BUSINESS
Celery salt
Five died of illness Fu, Liu should be happy to leave no stone unturned five-fu returned to the body of his hometown.
If you want to take care of your complexion, you should cleanse your face first and then use a toner to close the pores.
You probably don't recognise me   do you?
She also noted that the Convention had a protocol on liability and compensation, although it had not yet entered into force.
If in the circumstances of a given case, an individual is unable to meet the substantive requirements necessary for using a particular remedy or that a person lacks legal standing, that remedy is de facto unavailable.
Its publication is very timely as there is plan to upgrade the recommended practices to international standards in 2010 for ICAO Contracting States to establish such ISO 9000-compliant quality management systems.
There calls the mariner There comes a ship over the line But how can she sail with no wind in her sails and no tide.
Thank you for waiting.
"8. Invites the Commission on Sustainable Development, at its twentieth session, to consider its role in the preparatory process for the third international conference on small island developing States and to ensure a smooth transition to the high-level political forum;
Refugees continue to return to Sierra Leone over land and sea, many of whom have returned to RUF-controlled areas.
36. In conclusion, we would like to thank all members of the Working Group for their important contributions.
4. The following United Nations organs, bodies and programmes were represented at the session:
he demanded aloud.
The Plan took into account the fact that, while many of the targets and objectives laid down in Beijing had been met, the Platform could be adapted to a country's particular needs and strategic objectives.
Victims of violations can seek redress in the courts for breaches of human rights under the constitution or any other laws.
Mr. Albert H.N. Shabangu, Mr. Clifford S. Mamba
Tyler Durden: Still not effort it.
29. The Secretariat's current workforce planning activities are outlined in table 2.
Undernutrition magnifies the effects of every disease, including measles and malaria, while malnutrition can also be caused by certain illnesses which reduce the ability of the body to convert food into usable nutrients.
4. Requests the Secretary-General to devote, in consultation with the relevant bodies of the United Nations system, attention to the issue of protection of religious sites in his forthcoming reports related to the United Nations Year of Dialogue among Civilizations;
The varied readership of such reports leads to different information demands.
Recalling General Assembly resolution 48/91 of 20 December 1993, in which the Assembly proclaimed the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination, beginning in 1993, and adopted the Programme of Action proposed for the Decade,
A number of practical steps have been identified, in particular in the Secretary-General's report on enhancement of African peacekeeping capacity, through which this vision can be realized.
She noted that according to article 51.3 of the Protocol I Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949, civilians were protected "unless and for such time as they take a direct part in the hostilities".
The operational reserve should be set at least at 10 per cent of the previous year's programme expenditures for the annual and supplementary programmes.
You think I don't know what you're doing?
Figure B4 Pedestrian fatality rates by age in 1997, 2002 and 2007
Women who survive a bout with breast cancer are at increased risk of developing cancers of the lung, stomach, and colon, among several others, new research suggests
58. As the guide has been generated from norms of conduct which apply to all categories, it does not contain norms that are applicable only to specific categories of peacekeeping personnel.
In fact, he barely remembered the trip at all; his father actually wrote the letter.
Such acts constitute either incitement to or complicity in the offence of forming an illegal (or clandestine) organization.
This girl looks like you so much, are you twins?!
If the number of ad litem judges sitting at any one time was increased from four to nine, the number of trial chamber sections would change from four or five to six.
The agreement to cease fire was broken by one side.
38. The impact of LAWS on international peace and security was discussed. The consequences on arms control were also raised.
Membership should include risk management expertise.
At the continental level, SADC member States were instrumental in the development and adoption of the 2000 Bamako Declaration on an African Common Position on the Illicit Proliferation, Circulation and Trafficking of Small Arms and Light Weapons.
563. At its 17th meeting, on 11 June 2008, the Council considered and adopted the outcome of the review on South Africa (see section C below).
The delegation appreciated the suggestions with regard to setting up a database with the breakdown of the population.
Without prejudice to additional exonerations provided for in domestic law, the operator should not be liable, or in the case of subparagraph (c) below not liable to the degree not apportioned to him or her, if the operator proves that the damage was caused:
The design consideration, main structure, working principle and techniques of analogue water level device are introduced.
In all of the organizations interviewed the study identified a gap in perception between the staff perception of the strength of their culture of accountability and management leadership and management's view on the culture of accountability.
Death in India
(a) Follow-up of the decisions taken by the Preparatory Commission on the implementation of resolution II;
The Legislative Chamber has 41 members of this party.
In the case of niche suppliers or of small producers of very specialized know-how or equipment, SMEs are under pressure to preserve their knowledge through intellectual property protection and to innovate continuously to maintain a few strategic partnerships.
The garden has dilapidated through years of neglect.
(a) Progressive development of the law of international trade: Forty-first annual report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (New York, 16 June - 3 July 2008)
Operational costs
Then along came RNA editing, in which guide RNAs or enzyme action modify some messenger RNAs such that the final protein sequence cannot be deduced from the gene sequence alone.
I now give the floor to the representative of Morocco, Ambassador Mohammed Loulichki.
In cooperation with two other Vienna-based organizations, namely, the Organization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, the Agency is carefully studying the problems and challenges of electric-power generation in relation to the environment.
2. Transport
They cannot hold any position incompatible with their functions as members of the KJPC.
15. The request indicates that, due to the varied nature of contamination in Afghanistan, it is not possible to consider the anti-personnel mine problem in isolation of anti-tank mine and other ERW contamination, particularly with some anti-tank minefields having a greater impact on communities than anti-personnel minefields.
For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost.
According to the passage, the credit card enables its owner to
Why did the backlash in the US come just when the economy seemed to be on the mend, rather than earlier?
All they want is a place at the high table.
Brazil supported the MYFF, an important tool to catalyze resources and strengthen the role of UNDP in programme countries.
So, ultimately, the material achievements of Russian development always come with a body count.
That is the Art of Life.
The European Union is aware of the need to continue to reform the principal United Nations organs, in particular the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and the Security Council, in order to improve the representativity, transparency and effectiveness of the system.
Kenya
7. Leaders underlined the need for urgent action to bring the bulk petroleum procurement initiative to fruition.
The famous professor spent his whole life teaching Chinese at the university.
76. The improvements described in each of the previous sections imply major changes in the future role and functions of the Office of Human Resources Management, as well as in the roles and functions of programme managers and their administrative offices.
Minimum wage enforcement applies in the informal sector just as it is the case with the formal sector.
Meanwhile Russia, for all its truculence, has repeatedly delayed supplying the nuclear fuel for Bushehr.
31. In parallel to that work, an Alliance of Civilizations Research Network is being developed.
The pandemic threatens entire societies: the economically productive population, the social and economic fabric and the political stability of whole nations.
41. The analysis performed on the relevant activity codes associated with each programme or project reported through the PPS reveals that the majority of investments focused on: Capacity-building (295 occurrences); Enabling activities (291 occurrences); Advocacy and awareness training (248 occurrences); Water conservation (208 occurrences); Publications and communication material (204 occurrences); Resource management (203 occurrences); Pasture and range management (202 occurrences); Public awareness campaigns (189 occurrences); Adaptation to climate change (156 occurrences); and Mitigation and recovery (136 occurrences) (see annex, table 37).
8. The Special Representative believes there have been a number of indications that the social climate in the Islamic Republic is becoming less tolerant.
It is also concerned at reports that, in some public social assistance centres in Antwerp, Ghent and Brussels, urgent medical care for irregular migrants has been conditional on their agreement to voluntarily return to their countries of origin.
The Organization of African Unity has called for an international agreement to clear the entire debt stock for the poorest countries in Africa within a reasonably short period of time, and in the context of Africa’s overall economic reforms.
Then they wonder why native speakers have trouble understanding someone whose English is so fluent!
Georgia CRC/C/41/Add.4/Rev.1
It called for the elimination of all forms of violence and discrimination against women and the improvement of the status, health and economic welfare of women and girls through full and equal access to economic opportunity, land, credit, education and health-care services.
Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs
Actual
Tabernacle, Saint Kitts and Nevis
On Monday, the Israeli Defense Forces thwarted a planned suicide bombing.
Debates aimed at "getting the CD back to work" that took place in 2004 and 2005 revealed the mostly unchanged political positions of States.
(a) Violence against women 398 - 425 419
Our region has great inequalities; poverty affects and punishes some 200 million people and most do not get more than seven years of schooling.
This world is where the Flower of Life, the source of all Protoculture, blooms.
TD/B/C.I/EM.4/2
We must also build further the Government's own capacity, particularly in disaster risk reduction and disaster management and in internally displaced persons and returnee management.
State party's observations on admissibility and on the merits of the case
Salaries and allowances of judges
Just because all the other institutions or organs of the United Nations are going through a reform process, do we want to join that bandwagon, so to speak?
For the health sector, a well-developed network of services is in place through cooperation among Government, the churches and non-governmental organizations and with the support and assistance of several development partners.
On the basis of the Strategic Programme, consultations were held in July and August 2007 on the formulation of regional and departmental plans for the implementation of the Programme in all regions.
All Summer long, he took care to weed the garden and water the plants.
Paragraph 10:
To improve hospital operation mechanism, clean in time and operated easily were the necessity conditions.
The authorities stress the importance of cooperation and coordination between the Iraqi security and intelligence services, on the one hand, and States having diplomatic representation in Iraq, on the other hand, with regard to security measures designed to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions, as well as with regard to exchange of information concerning serious violations that have occurred or are anticipated.
While United Nations Bookshop sales had recovered since 2001, a process of competitive bidding had been initiated to find a new management company.
 7. Recommends that the Committee on the Rights of the Child and other relevant treaty-monitoring bodies bear this growing problem in mind when examining reports from States parties;
7. To sign credentials of diplomatic representatives of the Federation to foreign States and organizations; accept the credentials of diplomatic and consular representatives of foreign States to the Federation and receive their letters of credence; and sign documents of appointment and exequaturs;
National human rights institutions.
The latest trends in indoor cultivation of cannabis with a high content of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), by means of modern hydroponic technologies, present an additional disturbing dimension of the cannabis production situation.
The growth of partnership approaches across many United Nations entities has already brought about significant change.
Check your breasts for lumps every month.
the Republic of Turkey to the United Nations at Geneva addressed to
26. The Committee recommends that effective measures be taken by the State party to ensure that legal and judicial training takes full account of the justiciability of Covenant rights and promotes the use of the Covenant as a source of law in domestic courts.
Mining, the main export sector, had been hit particularly hard by declining demand, prices and scaled back production.
39. On 30 November 1998, seven NGOS had replied to the note verbale of 30 September 1998.
Boards have a duty to assess the character as well as the performance of the chief executive, but action should not be taken against them on skimpy evidence, he says.
Head of Department for Training Science and Pedagogical Personnel, Academy of Ministry of Internal Affairs, Republic of Uzbekistan
It also indicated that within the same Pt loading, the fuel cell performance is better at smaller Pt particle size.
Article 82 The party that requests for arbitration shall file a written application to a labour dispute arbitration committee within 60 days starting from the date of the occurrence of a labour dispute.
It seemed that he wasn't worried about the rain, or maybe I would say it was the drizzle that he had a really good time with the hopper.
2.10 On 25 November 2004, the Coordinating Council upheld the decision to refuse registration, indicating that the relevant authority had rejected the application for union registration on 26 April 2004 because the union's internal rules contained provisions contrary to those of the Substantive Labour Code.
So still was her face as she stared at Stuart that he, never analytic, took it for granted that she was merely surprised and very interested.
Because of this. the imperial court transferred him to the central government from being the perfect of the Donghai Prefecture to being a commander in charge of the appointment and dismissal of the local officals
Thevetia
Venezuela
27. The Committee requests the State party to provide, by 31 May 2014, follow-up information in response to the Committee's recommendations relating to: (a) conducting prompt, impartial and effective investigations; (b) ensuring or strengthening legal safeguards for persons detained; and (c) prosecuting suspects and sanctioning perpetrators of torture or ill-treatment, as contained in paragraphs 9, 11, 12 and 14 of the present document.
We should go party.KAREN: I don't need to drink every weekend.I could be happy just staying home, you know.STEVE: Okay.
Mr. Nils Bhinda, Programme Manager, Development Finance International United Kingdom
He is pleased to report that both Governments have expressed a willingness to receive him, and that, by the time he presents this report, he will have visited Norway (from 28-30 April) and Ecuador (from 1-9 May 2009).
 32. At the 3rd meeting, on 14 April, statements were made by the representatives of Ecuador, Mexico, Tunisia, Egypt, Chile, Kenya and Finland.
At the same segment, the Council adopted resolution 2001/21.
Since the Western Han Dynasty in northern Shanxi Province is an important county is also leading to formation of Taiyuan, transport hub.
Date of communication
On the image of youth reflected in some Japanese expressions popularized in the 20th century
President: Mr. Camilo Reyes Rodríguez (Colombia)
At the time, it felt like sorrow had shattered barriers.
Is the system employed for issuing identity documents computerized?
The benefits for cattlemen are clear: more financing at better terms, and for institutional investors, the securities provide a new potential investment that may offer an attractive rate at a low risk.
18. UNITAR has participated in the Inter-Agency Support Group since its formation, and in each session of the Permanent Forum.
Human rights are the fundamental basis on which other rights, created by the legal and political systems, are built.
CRC/C/70/Add.17
Particular emphasis is placed on the promotion of the sovereignty and independence of the judiciary.
(a) Report and draft decisions 155 - 161 40
(CEFRS)
(d) To provide access, as appropriate and in the framework of the pertinent national policies, to medications, vaccines and other measures that are consistent with international drug control treaties and have been shown to be effective in reducing the risk of HIV/AIDS, hepatitis and other blood-borne diseases among injecting and other drug users, under the supervision of the competent authorities or institutions;
Since our example deals with whole, discrete units rather than with petrfectly divisible units.
Supervisory bodies have not yet found any differences according to sex in health and safety measures at work.
This has been reaffirmed in repeated resolutions by the General Assembly and the Security Council, by the high contracting parties to the Fourth Geneva Convention and by the International Court of Justice in its Advisory Opinion on the wall.
At its 3rd meeting, on 1 June, the SBSTA agreed to consider this sub-item in the joint contact group established under sub-item 4 (a).
Government policy relating to women's rights in Uzbekistan is being prepared and enhanced in these very areas.
Oh, you mean, when they find out that you've helped us They're gonna kill you?
UNICEF
It might take a while to change the conversation habits that's been ingrained throughout your life, but it is very possible.
REDD+ could provide additional funding options for sustainable forest management, but would need to address a number of issues.
History of France
Evolution of the margin between the net remuneration of the United States federal civil service and that of the United Nations system
To dismiss it as such is a mistake: it's a powerful machine that's capable of throwing just about whatever comes at it.
Seventh session
4 trips planned on chartered aircraft within Yemen where commercial flights are not available
ACAMAR
Chairperson: Ms. Gabr (Vice-Chairperson)
The action plan is the first in a series of measures leading up to a round table of technical and financial partners that the Government has decided to organize to ensure financing for the entire sector.
To participate in Council's meetings and to exercise rights in elections;
Estimate 2012-2013: 85 per cent
This factory rolls out 200 boxes of its products everyday.
It has been evolving under the influence of two convergent processes of the 1990s.
194 G
A common wake-up event would be a collision, perhaps with an impulse behavior to jump up slightly and then respond to the force of gravity.
Nuclear explosions are measured in kilotons , an energy release equivalent to that of thousands of tons of TNT.
The children played outdoors until It'started to rain.
Instead, the hosts highlighted the contestants'volunteer work and positive attitudes toward life and love.
10. For achieving the above actions the States Parties should undertake all appropriate measures which should include, inter alia:
By contrast, he told the Brookings Institution: 鈥淲e assess that the US currency today is the closest to its medium-term equilibrium value in a decade.鈥?
Not if he wants to walk, no.
While these observations expose risks, in general they had no impact on country office operations in 2002.
(f) Any other information, including relevant accounting rules, taking into consideration any relevant decisions of the COP, where appropriate.
Focus is one of the high - margin high - end Chinese herbal tonic and slice of Product - led government.
79.18. Consider ratification of the third Optional Protocol to the CRC on a communication procedure (Slovakia);
This book was once famous, but nobody reads it today.
Income
65. Given the importance of agriculture development to development as a whole, it was essential to address that topic in the lead-up to the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, as well as to improve implementation of the decisions of the seventeenth session of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Such assistance should also provide guidance for the development of national-sector strategic plans for agricultural statistics and for their integration into national strategies for the development of statistics to produce the minimum set of core data.
9.37 The Forum is mandated to perform a set of principal functions related to efforts to achieve the shared global objectives on forests; implementation of a non-legally binding instrument on all types of forests; policy development; international coordination among organizations, instruments and institutions; international cooperation; monitoring, assessment and reporting; and strengthening political commitment.
An example of this occurred on 8 March in Cedeño (Norte de Santander) when a health brigade travelling to an indigenous U'wa community to provide the sick with medical attention was detained for two hours, then forced to turn around and go back, by members of the National Police and the Army.
2. The Sixth Committee considered the item at its 13th to 22nd, 32nd and 34th meetings, from 26 to 29 October, and from 2 to 5 and on 17 and 19 November 1998.
In defence, the seller relied on article 39 CISG arguing that the plaintiff had failed to give notice of non-conformity of the goods in time.
552, and 18 drones
1. Machinery and stocks
4. Relative motion control by tether tension
The Department surveys the end-users with a view to rationalizing the approach to promotional activities.
Original: English
- Sari Ali Ubayd Hamdu -- mother's name: Halumah -- aged around 32 -- armed man;
The Desert Gold is unquestionably the best training game I have ever seen for teaching teamwork.
It also highlights issues related to the establishment of collaborative disaster communications capacity in the Asia-Pacific region.
Those phenomena should no longer be overlooked.
Pursuing minority rights protection or the recognition of the existence of a minority, or even calls for self-determination do not on their own amount to terrorist activities.
Pour some orange juice into his glass.
Fifth Committee
Although a small country, Slovenia was one of the richest in terms of biological diversity. That fact increased his Government's responsibility for promoting sustainable development.
3. Activation of the Mission's role in promoting peace in Darfur and mobilization of resources for development and services
You may be assured, Mr. President, of our cooperation throughout the remainder of the process.
The development of the Core Management System is duplicative of IMIS and should not be pursued.
The representative of Jamaica (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China) made a statement.
Nine years of war in Sierra Leone had claimed at least 50,000 lives, forced 500,000 persons into exile and displaced 2.5 million persons internally.
This question cannot be settled through the so-called peace process, because it will go on indefinitely.
The people of Haiti have a story to tell about how best the international community can respond in unison and effectively to a nation in distress.
TABLE 11.03 DISTRIBUTION OF NON-AGRICULTURE WORKERS INTO FORMAL AND INFORMAL SECTOR, (%)
You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Products or attempt to gain access to the source code for the Products,
Well, I cant either but I do know this s a lot of money, certainly somewhere in the billions of dollars!So, technically, you can consider yourself brainwashed.
7. The Twelfth United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice provides an opportunity for in-depth discussion of the issue of international cooperation to address money-laundering.
(c) Projects to enhance and validate traditional knowledge and local technologies;
Government funding for children, which amounted to some $800 million in 1985, was approximately $2.6 billion in 1994.
The police were undertrained and underpaid and generally held in low esteem.
Japan considers that an effective verification system is essential for an FMCT.
That's him in the picture on the far right.
Article 9 The name of a limited liability company established in accordance herewith must contain the words "limited liability company".
72. With regard to paragraph 3(d), the secretariat launched, in both English and Russian, the Low Carbon Green Growth (LCGG) e-learning course, which is part of the Online E-learning Facility developed by ESCAP, and which has to date provided training to over 1,200 policymakers.
A second speaker underscored the importance of having websites updated in all six languages and wanted to know what efforts were being made to achieve that.
The decision of the Refugee Appeals Board was well-founded, as it was based on an individual assessment of the author's motive for seeking asylum and relied on a wide range of updated sources providing background information.
The legislation prohibiting discrimination against women in recruitment for work was discussed in the fourth periodic report.
It dispatches mobile clinics and provides medical facilities with the necessary supplies, including refrigeration equipment, vaccines and medicines.
Moreover, if located only on the Ethiopian side of the Zone, UNMEE might need a new mandate and would not be able to monitor the military situation on the Eritrean side of the Zone, nor would there be any guarantee that the integrity of the Zone would hold.
(c) The role of UNDP in support of the United Nations system as a whole, including its evolving role in fostering United Nations partnerships, and its role in the management of the resident coordinator system;
5. In 1999, the Office was reorganized in order to strengthen the coordination of its activities.
The increases over 2004 and 2005 are respectively 62.5 per cent and 40.6 per cent.
General temporary assistance
While the present study focuses largely on truth commissions, other relevant measures to guarantee the rights to truth and justice include international criminal tribunals, national criminal proceedings, commissions of inquiry, official archives and historical projects.
Scope, guiding principles and objectives
These were the welcoming remarks that she made while receiving Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Capitol Hill.
But recent events do spell the end of one version of European integration – the vision of an “ever closer union” producing a federal country that would become a new superpower.
The PRESIDENT: I would like to thank the Ambassador of Japan, and I give the floor now to the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Ambassador Dimiter Tzantchev.
In Angola, women's empowerment programmes were actively pursued by UNHCR in collaboration with the authorities to promote awareness of civil and political rights so as to enable returnee women to participate on equal terms with men in the forthcoming elections.
Flash upgradeable BIOS can be upgraded through the floppy disk to ensure future compatibility with new chips, add-on cards etc.
Peacekeeping forces do not have a high representation of women either as members or as advisers.
Major congresses were held in Kabul and Jalalabad by Afghan-i Millat, Hezb-i Islami, Junbesh-i Milli and several smaller parties.
Decorations Gran Cruz Orden Nacional al Mérito, Ecuador
5. Work of other international organizations on legal issues relating to the use of electronic transferable records.
SLA, for example, admitted that 25 rebels had been killed in an air force attack on a village 25 miles south of Al-Fasher in Northern Darfur.
Zimbabwe
Automatic Languages: Eredun and whatever was the primary language of the satyr's former race.
UNITA União Nacional para a Independência Total de Angola
The resolution should also discuss the influence of the vestiges of feudalism, but again in a proper way.
This constitutes, in my view, an overly restrictive and narrow reading of the question of the General Assembly.
The linear regression e-quation on the relationship between peroxide content in acrylonitrile and PAN fiber yellowness was obtained by regression analysis.
Anybody who opens their eyes at me, I'm gonna kill 'em.
Preparation of the 2nd scientific conference
51. In addition to extrajudicial killings and house searches, there have been reported cases of individuals suspected of political involvement being threatened, abducted, beaten up and abandoned in unknown locations on the outskirts of the capital.
OWL Full allows the use of classes as instances and OWL DL does not.
Wine gives not light hilarity, but noisy merriment.
The master of a ship registered in Tonga who has reasonable grounds to believe that a person has committed an offence under section 18 shall:
After dinner, we went to the balcony to see the moon, the moon like a moon disc hanging high up in a sky, ah, the moon is really beautiful!
We call upon the United Nations and its Member States to recognize this dangerous situation and the impossibility of moving towards the post-2015 era unless significant steps are taken, namely:
Dalet
Lebanon
The figures don't add up right.
According to reports, his body had three bullet wounds.
Chinese journalists tell me any further reporting on problems in China's dairy industry is impossible.
Preventing, combating and punishing trafficking in human organs
 An international arms embargo would probably have the desired effect.
In the map file to find its address.
In its resolution 60/11 on the promotion of religious and cultural understanding, harmony and cooperation, the Assembly encouraged Governments to promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among human beings in all their diversity of religion, belief, culture and language, and to apply a gender perspective while doing so.
Vulnerable groups
20. By reconfiguring and restructuring existing resources, the High Commissioner would, simultaneous with the creation of the post of Assistant High Commissioner (Protection), create a small Policy Protection Unit directly under the new Assistant High Commissioner, and have the Resettlement function report directly to the same post.
jingfangg: i didn't help you just as you said, i didn't send money to you, just to this sinful organization behind you.
On 18 October, a United Nations helicopter suffered damage from small arms fire when flying between Jalalabad and Gardez.
4. Annual report of the Director-General on the activities of the Organization in 1997, including progress report on specific activities (Article 11.6 of the Constitution)
Each Seminar participant was assigned to one of them.
Still, bees are excellent experimental subjects, performing their feats far more often and reliably than pigeons.
Good love makes you see the whole world from one person while bad love makes you abandon the whole world for one person.
59. Finally, it was suggested and agreed that the examples given in paragraph 12 of the paper (E/C.18/2010/3) should be deleted from the paper and consideration be given to inclusion in the Manual for the Negotiation of Bilateral Tax Treaties between Developed and Developing Countries (see section L below).
These included making sexual and reproductive health and reproductive rights national priorities; utilizing a human rights framework in developing programmes on reproductive health; strengthening health systems, including by training health-care providers; and building participatory processes and adopting a multisectoral approach to improve sexual and reproductive health.
e With effect from 3 October 1990, the German Democratic Republic (which ratified the Convention on 9 July 1980) and the Federal Republic of Germany (which ratified the Convention on 10 July 1985) united to form one sovereign State, which acts in the United Nations under the designation Germany.
To dream of sleeping on a pallet shows that you have a rival who is very jealous of your success.
Economic Commission for Europe (ECE)
Summons (Inter-partes) (before a CFI Judge)
49. While there has been an increase in the percentage of women in the labour force in the ESCWA region, their participation continues to remain low compared to men.
But in the surrendered state a totally different energy, a different quality, flows into your doing.
What good practices exist in terms of the criteria used to decide upon the issuance of such visas and permits to victims of trafficking?
41. Against this background, and while further exploration of the weapons locating radars will continue, unmanned aerial vehicles appear as the single most capable, versatile and cost effective way of improving UNOMIG capability of implementing its mandate.
The United States further understands that any promotion of correct and consistent use of condoms or other methods of family planning for adolescents in this or other United Nations or United Nations conference documents should be interpreted in the context of its continued support for and promotion of abstinence.
Has the plan been implemented?
"It's celluloid," my mother said, taking suitcase after suitcase out of her Dodge van.
20. Committed to cooperation with mechanisms implemented on a universal, non-discriminatory, nonselective and non-politicized basis, Cuba would continue to welcome visiting missions under the special procedures of the Council and had recently engaged in the universal periodic review, with excellent results.
Division for Prosecution Issues
First, last year produced several important developments pertaining to the two aspects of the Security Council reform as a result of the momentum that accompanied the report of the Secretary-General's High-level Panel on Threats, Challenges and Change, issued in the run-up to the High-level Plenary Meeting.
I'd like to express our warm welcome to our guests.
Guinean puffer
The humanitarian situation in the Jabbata area, which had become particularly grave, has been alleviated somewhat with the civilians having access to some food supplies.
Based on Negative Temperature Coefficient ( NTC ) Thermistor and AD μ C 847, designing a fine temperature measurement system.
Total non-performing mortgage loans in three major commercial banks - CCB, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, and Bank of China - rose to 19.2 billion yuan at the end of 2006 from 18.4 billion yuan in 2005, according to CCB.
Measures to curb illicit capital flows should be a particular priority.
Acceptance of CTBT obligations on a regional basis in South Asia will also help to expedite the Treaty's entry into force.
At the end of last year, a Qing Dynasty antique vase broke a new record for the highest price for a Chinese cultural relic in an auction.
We recognize the profound impact on host communities, economies, societies, services, infrastructure, environment and security.
Errors in this process can be minimized if the entry of field data and laboratory data are cross-checked and, where necessary, internal tests are incorporated into the spreadsheets to ensure that the data are realistic.
Peace is a strategic option -- an option that would demonstrate farsightedness and a willingness by the parties to enter into a true partnership whose objective would be to put an end to violence and to recognize the right of the other party to live in peace.
Modern medicine considers to think, strawberry all has certain nourishing recuperation effect to gastric bowel path and anaemia.
I think I can come to a conclusion by expressing our gratitude to all of you.
9. Recommends that the Commission on the Status of Women continue to consider the situation of older women, in particular those who are most vulnerable, including those living in rural areas;
Any study of the application of unilateral acts of recognition should be strictly limited to that topic and should not include other complex, controversial issues such as the legal requirements for recognition of a political entity as a State.
Get drunk when you're trying to impress. Stockton has encountered several interns who spend too long in the bar then struggle to get up for induction the next morning.
Dedicated outreach programmes are needed to reach the youngest first-time mothers to enable them to better access life-saving maternal health services.
This breaks down a boundary between the respective disciplines in the university enrollment system.
(b) Write-off of overpayments to staff
Pursuant to article 9 of the Rules, the article 34 notification and the procedural orders were sent to the claimants through the Permanent Missions to the United Nations Office in Geneva of their Governments.
Cape Verde
Mauritius
H.3.1. The Committee wishes to ensure that it is able effectively to perform its functions under article 18 and that the reporting State party should obtain the maximum benefit from the reporting requirement.
Avoidance does not affect any provision of the contract for the settlement of disputes or any other provision of the contract governing the rights and obligations of the parties consequent upon the avoidance of the contract.
He inquired how far Netherfield was from Meryton; and, after receiving her answer, asked in an hesitating manner how long Mr. Darcy had been staying there.
Table 9.23 Resource requirements: subprogramme 7 (former Division for Development Policy Analysis)
(g) Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981 (No. 155).
A thirteen fairy had not been heard of for so long that it was presumed that she was dead. No invitation was sent.
If the CMP is to adopt any amendments at its fifth session, the text for any proposed amendments will need to be circulated by 17 June 2009.
In the Gambia, commercial banks from Finland and France have been mobilized to provide financial support to local poverty alleviation activities.
However, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea announced late last night that it had conducted a nuclear test.
Hero on the Silkroad
399. Better family planning and a reduction in the number of children as a result of the implementation of State policies should lead to an improved quality of life for households, in particular the most disadvantaged and those headed by women.
Please read through the catalogue before you decide which type of products to buy.
(a) Orbital elements, describing the motion of the object’s centre of mass around Earth;
He did not name a value that would be acceptable for the company, but said it should be "a hell of a lot more than the price on the table. "
While the vast majority of the systems are secured in State stockpiles, estimates suggest that more than 10,000 missiles are currently circulating among non-State actors.[146]
For this purpose, China will take various measures to promote the climate-change awareness of Government officials at all levels, as well as decision-makers at enterprises and institutions, to develop, step by step, high-quality leadership teams with strong awareness of global climate change. Furthermore, all levels of society will be fully employed to disseminate China's efforts and policies for responding to climate change and to promote public awareness of climate change.
The popular myth Many people scoff at organised dating events.
In the twentieth century, there were several efforts of drafting a new penitentiary code, aiming at recovering the inmates and at changing their values and objectives, but the Code became a reality only in 1984.
At this juncture, increased assistance from the United Nations, international financial institutions and non-governmental organizations, as well as cooperation and support from various countries, is extremely valuable and meaningful.
Ilse Koch
Israel imposed the blockade at the start of its war against Hezbollah to prevent the guerrilla group from getting arms supplies from Iran through Syria.
The Officer would also be required to act as liaison and contact point for the Office of the High Representative for the Implementation of the Peace Agreement on Bosnia and Herzegovina, and would assist in supporting reconciliation efforts aimed at the prevention of inter-ethnic tension, including special projects.
From the deep of our soul,
Economies that issue reserve currencies are managing international liquidity without a sense of the collective good.
Jimmy Donne: We dont, you know, write songs, we dont write novels.
December 2013 (estimate baseline): 2
Norway 24
Pursuant to Section 90, para. 1, of the Federal Constitutional Court Act anyone may lodge a constitutional complaint on the assertion that he or she has been violated in his or her fundamental rights or in one of the rights granted by Article 20, para. 4, Articles 33, 38, 101, 103 and 104 of the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany by the public authority.
Nonetheless, funding is needed to continue those efforts.
There is a move to liberalize literature and the Arts.
Your work should be an act of love, not a marriage of convenience.
They are examining possible conflicts of interest when schools direct students to lists of so - called preferred lenders.
1.15 - 2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Trusteeship Council Chamber
The Committee discusses the draft concluding comments in closed meetings.
(b) The solitary confinement cells in prison No. 1 in Diyarbakir should be demolished; to use them would, in any case, be contrary to the provisions of the Convention;
44. In addition to the annual ministerial review and the Development Cooperation Forum, the General Assembly, in paragraph 56 of its resolution 60/265, decided to hold a specific meeting focused on development.
So the structure and function of membrane had prodigious difference.
Thirdly, Israel must fully apply the relevant stipulations of the Fourth Geneva Convention, which have been declared applicable to the occupied Arab territories by the international community;
Up from the water Naaman came that seventh time, and LOOK
On the Government side there also exist numerous mechanisms, which the citizens can avail to claim their rights.
We are going back.
10. Agencies noted that the High-level Committee on South-South Cooperation had already requested the development of a set of operational guidelines on South-South cooperation.
(v) Identifying opportunities for inter-ministerial and inter-jurisdictional synergies in the field of water and sanitation;
Austria remains committed to combating climate change by working towards an ambitious, comprehensive and legally binding treaty as soon as possible.
They promised to reckon with him for the damage done.
Article 80 The initiators of a joint stock limited company shall undertake the preparatory work of the company.
20 January 1999
The aim of the plan is to increase the proportion of women representatives in parliament to 30 per cent, by means of free competition and the use of the quota system.
PLA National Defence University alumni
We shall basically set up a relatively complete foreign-related economic legal system that complies with the WTO rules and China's national conditions.
Much more needed to be done to address gender inequality.
2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters – Singles
Input signalincreases, expansion bellows to push the Ball Valves bezel (the lever) * near the nozzle end face.
Rao Ching-ling
The idea of establishing a post of High Commissioner for Human Rights has a long history, in which Uruguay and Costa Rica played a valiant part.
85. I would like to conclude by expressing my sincere gratitude to my Special Representative, Edmond Mulet; to my Special Envoy, former United States President William J. Clinton; and to the men and women of MINUSTAH and the United Nations country team and their partners for their courage and dedication to building a better Haiti during an especially difficult phase in the country's history.
Article 112.The organs of self-government of national autonomous areas are the people鈥檚 congresses and people鈥檚 governments of autonomous regions锛?autonomous prefectures and autonomous counties.
  Previous cases include a man convinced(6) he was the French "Sun King", Louis XIV, and a woman who believed she was being attacked with microwaves, Japanese embassy official Yoshikatsu Aoyagi said.
Information Technology Officer
Entrepreneurs drive economic growth in ways that go far beyond online sales and e-payment solutions.
The Group therefore urged the Tribunal to take additional measures to increase recruitment.
Assessment of Resource Sustainable Utilization in Southwest Mountainous Area Based on Ecological Footprint Model: the Case of Qiandongnan Miao & Dong Autonomous Prefecture
Working without a play is sailing without a compass.
She crossed over and walked directly toward the entrance.
Social media did not exist, and the Internet had not yet become a means of spreading the views of the voiceless and disenfranchised.
This is not really what anybody wants, not even the Germans, who are reluctant hegemons.
The Committee further considers that, given the limited sources of information available to the Committee, as well as the need for technical assistance to be offered to the State party to enable it to comply with its reporting obligations, the Committee's concluding observations can only be very preliminary in nature.
The spatial structure feature of heavy metals in agricultural soil of mining city: A case study of Fuxin China
Protection of civilians
Governments or the private sector, including industry clubs and business associations, could provide such support.
Let another rumor about me run rampant.
Failures in co-management are partly explained by the fact that communities have been involved only in the implementation of policy, rather than in setting objectives of policy and ensuring that policymaking and evaluation are based on local knowledge of fish and marine ecosystems.
(i) Going concern, consistency and accrual are fundamental accounting assumptions.
They use working segments, which are temporary (transitory) and only exist up until the time a process terminates or the page is stolen.
Under Herbert Quandt's leadership, BMW established a new market segment – the high-performance saloon – which utilised its capacity to use a German workforce to achieve precision engineering in mass production.
The small offices, in Belarus and Kazakhstan, were prioritized for audit in 2007 ahead of the Gambia in order to economize on the use of audit resources; and (c) Burundi, Djibouti, Kenya, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Rwanda, Zambia and Zimbabwe were prioritized on the basis of risk, observed from various risk models and consultations.
The Human Rights Council and, in particular, its universal periodic review mechanism, made it possible to consider human rights situations in every country impartially, objectively and non-selectively, thereby promoting human rights more consistently through constructive dialogue.
My behavior was disrespectful.
In any event, as a resolution adopted by the General Assembly with the approval of an overwhelming majority of Member States, the Declaration represents a commitment on the part of the United Nations and Member States to its provisions, within the framework of the obligations established by the United Nations Charter to promote and protect human rights on a non-discriminatory basis.
The call for nominations began on 18 September 2013 and will close on Wednesday, 18 December 2013.
Whatever we achieved there will not redeem what it has cost in terms of Iraqi lives, American lives, and expenditure of a trillion dollars or more.
- low scientific and technological level of existing equipment. Conclusion
EEC Trust Fund -- pour programme d'appui a la bonne gouvernance au Tchad
(b) That available information from field studies about the effects of aldicarb and its metabolites on earthworms was considered insufficient to conclude that the risks were acceptable;
The Mediation welcomed the framework agreement signed between the Government of the Sudan and the Justice and Equality Movement on 23 February 2010, which includes a ceasefire declaration, and also welcomed the framework agreement and ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Sudan and the Liberation and Justice Movement signed on 18 March 2010.
Drugs that increase the mutation rate of the viruses still further might push them over the threshold and drive a population of viruses inside a person's body to extinction.
A shoplifter was caught red - handed trying to steal a watch from a jewelry store.
After an unsuccessful attempt at tending the yard with a hand mower, they now pay $50 a month to a gardener.
First session
But it always had a crucial weakness: the EU has only limited authority to control the domestic institutions in charge of ensuring that recipient countries spend the funds appropriately.
Zagreb Funicular
41. IFF may wish to consider:
 Our prayer is, let us boldly resolve and go forward together to the next millennium.
A second challenge is adapting these global rules and norms to national contexts, needs and local practices.
Therefore, the history of the measures pertaining to the security evacuation allowance, as operated by the organizations, had been presented to the Commission with a view to formalizing them under its auspices.
The President: I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Mohamed Ould Tolba, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania.
Any later change in the composition of delegations shall also be submitted to the Executive Secretary.
When negotiation is a deal between old friends, you don't need any coaching from me, aside from the idiom definitions in the companion volume to this book, which should come in handy.
Study on Anti-tumor Activities of the Group A Streptococcus Preparation with Improved Bouillon Medium
In addition, 519 unidentified bodies were found.
Outputs planned for the biennium in pursuit of expected accomplishment (a): Use of the ecosystem approach in countries to maintain ecosystem services and sustainable productivity of terrestrial and aquatic systems is increased Contributing division
 By 600 B.C., a settlement had been established on Tutuila that may have been the jumping-off point for colonizing Tahiti and the Marquesas, about A.D. 300.
With regard to the human rights situation in the occupied Syrian Arab Golan, the Special Committee had observed that the most striking features of the Israeli occupation of the territory were the severance of family ties, the repression of nationalist sentiments regarding the Syrian Arab Republic, tight control over water resources, the confiscation of land, agricultural produce and cattle, the non-recognition of Syrian diplomas and general unemployment.
The food scientist must have an understanding of thedenaturtion phenomenon in order to properly process foods.
The operation test shows that the system is simple, stably and easy to operate.
:: Establishment of a new judicial structure for that purpose.
First over all, this paper introduces the background knowledge and methods about stock analysis and forecast.
2. At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 21 September 2012, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the Sixth Committee.
(i) Kadoma Declaration on Community Service and related recommendations on prison overcrowding (1998);
The COP agreed that Parties will continue working on the scope of the review and considering its further definition, with a view to taking a decision at COP 18.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
78. The International Baby Food Action Network provided recommendations on the promotion and support of breastfeeding.
20. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
The national armed forces of Côte d'Ivoire and the armed forces of the Forces nouvelles have demonstrated an increasing willingness to collaborate, providing security for important confidencebuilding events, such as the visit of the Prime Minister, Guillaume Soro, to the presidential stronghold of Gagnoa on 20 October, and that of the President, Laurent Gbagbo, to the northern part of the country from 28 to 30 November.
In order to gear efforts towards the implementation of the development agenda and assess progress, the 2005 World Summit Outcome thus mandated the Economic and Social Council to hold annual ministerial reviews.
Press ENT button to register the entered frequency to channel 01.
Go up theescalator then turn right
They actively promote the elimination of gender bias and the adoption of the implementation of a gender intelligence approach to global commerce and, of greater importance, the creation of an all new, inclusive gender dynamic blueprint.
In this paper the techniques to improve the quality and the application of monascus esterifying enzyme were illustrated.
Agenda item 8
Help your child send an email to a grandparent, aunt, or uncle.
6.Old fetal education advocated eating well, keeping an emotional balance, maximizing exposure to high culture such as art, and maintaining a peaceful environment
21. Global Initiative to End All Corporal Punishment of Children (GIEACPC) stated that the Child Law 2012 did not prohibit corporal punishment in the home or in any other setting.
It hailed the approval of the ratification of the European Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings.
In order to achieve this, Penske employed several measures.
Measures to empower rural women had been taken in the context of the project on economic empowerment and poverty reduction for women, carried out in conjunction with the United Nations Development Programme.
To study the effect of sodium profile on dialysis hypotension.
39. In many communities, children with disabilities and with albinism, children without parental care and specially gifted children are the target of witchcraft accusations.
He didn't know how to arrange his spare time.
Differences in the very names of the reports reviewed indicate the variety in the three enterprises' approaches to social reporting.
(iv) Increase in the percentage of women in peacekeeping missions
specification of materials, in-process products and the finished product and their test procedures;
Mandate: GA res. 62/91, para. 18
It is time to think about going home.
Italy
Item 35 of the preliminary list*
Yale is a forerunner in conducting China-US educational exchanges and provides an important platform for cultural exchanges between our two countries.
The resolution effectively contradicts the proposal of the United Nations Special Envoy to Syria, Kofi Annan, a proposal that was endorsed by Security Council resolution 2042 (2012).
7. At the domestic level, Bangladesh will:
Therefore, expressing one to the color phase request of kitchen furniture hue is clean, stimulation appetite and make the body dulcify of character.
Select the check box next to the name of each networking component you want to enable for incoming connections .
Draft resolution 6 (Annual Forum on Land Administration)
In fact, a conference on that subject, organized by the Cambodian Ministry of Justice and the Cambodian Bar, was scheduled to be held in late November 2003.
Fifty—fifth session
Although this change is driven by Chinese domestic considerations, it could have a significant impact on global capital flows and interest rates.
Suriname
(a) Services in support of:
Superior in many respects, perhaps not as good as you, but only in certain areas only.
13. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to monitor the humanitarian situation in Tajikistan and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session on the progress made in the implementation of the present resolution;
The tests  indicated  that the dispersant has good dispersion ability to the ordinary ceramic slurry.
Priding itself on agility and an ability to bring together people from many disciplines and organizations, the organization often addresses critical policy topics that are not well covered by other organizations.
Aware of the contribution that could be made by trade liberalization and by increased investment in developing countries to promote sustainable development, Kuwait had revised its economic and trade legislation in order to stimulate development, promote its own integration into the world economic system and encourage foreign and local investment, and in 1998, had established a free trade zone.
Data and information vital to national defence or security
Professional Connector, Housing, Terminal and wafer manufacturing for automobile, motorbike , and electronic industry.
The farmer was driving his cattle along the road.
It was on track to reach most of the Millennium Development Goals, and there were no gender disparities in any of its achievements.
These tasks necessitate close cooperation among relevant organs, funds and programmes of the United Nations system as well as other relevant institutions.
57. The following comments and views have been expressed as to the future work of the Ad Hoc Committee.
(m) Include, in submitting reports as required under relevant human rights instruments of the United Nations, information pertaining to violence against women and measures taken to implement the present Declaration;
In Mexico and parts of Central America, as in Colombia and Peru further south but not in Brazil, most coffee farmers are smallholders.
Adoption of the budget of the Fund is the responsibility of the Plenary.
 Under the current scale, the assessment rate for his country was 3.5 times more than its actual capacity to pay (column 6 of annex II. A and III. A of the report) and would be tripled if the scale recommended by the Committee on Contributions was applied.
88. The most significant outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development was the reaffirmation of support for the objectives of sustainable development and determination to increase joint efforts to attain them, chiefly by using the tools provided by the United Nations.
The newly elected Executive Committee shall take up its duties once the regular meeting of the Conference that elected it is over, and shall remain in office until the end of the next regular meeting.
Advisory report on assertions of bias
Chapter V. Concurrent proceedings
Hold line , please. I'll get an English speaker.
The first was the issue of policy coherence and consistency between the objective of debt relief and the Millennium Development Goals; the second related to SDRM and how the Monterrey Conference had elevated the issue of debt relief to the top of the agenda in policy discussions.
The local government also employs a Roma adviser to help in designing and implementing its projects.
The case is in the very early stages of pretrial preparation.
In December, OHCHRB arranged celebrations for the fifty-third anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
For many countries in the region with severe debt burdens, the large share of multilateral debt continues to represent an obstacle to improving their debt profile.
(c) Under the direction of the Security Council, the Organization has been involved in various aspects of peacekeeping and peacemaking, including efforts to resolve conflicts, restore democracy, promote disarmament, provide electoral assistance and facilitate post-conflict peacebuilding, engaging in humanitarian activities to ensure the survival of groups deprived of basic needs and overseeing the prosecution of persons responsible for serious violations of international humanitarian law.
There is no specific carefully studied, but without losing a research program to study entry bar.
Worlds that allow users to swap virtual money for real cannot expect to avoid legal liability – or to be able to treat users exactly as they wish – by writing protections into end-user agreements.
10. General exchange of information and views on legal mechanisms relating to space debris mitigation measures, taking into account the work of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
47. States parties should provide for equal formal and de facto legal capacity to own and manage property.
The human resources of the Operation in terms of the number of personnel have been attributed to the individual components, with the exception of the Operation's executive direction and management, which can be attributed to the Operation as a whole.
Thus, a sharp, focused challenge to the assertions of religious orthodoxy has emerged in the work of such important thinkers as Abdolkarim Soroush (Iran), Abdelmajid Charfi (Tunisia), Fazlur Rahman (Pakistan), and Mahmud Muhammad Taha (Sudan).
For example, as the author asserts, IND should have realized during the second hearing that she had been a victim of slavery and prostitution; she was forced to sleep with men, was raped several times and was locked in a house.
 The provocations and unfounded political and propaganda accusations of Albania correspond to the intensification of the international, political, economic and military pressure against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
The Director of the Peacekeeping Financing Division introduced the report of the Secretary-General (A/55/482/ Add.1).
There is a great deal of wickedness going about the world.
The Advisory Committee noted that opportunities existed for partnering with other United Nations entities and sharing costs through the development of common solutions.
The uninformed reader does not suspect that recourse may not be waived in most of the legal systems or that, in the few systems where a waiver is possible, various requirements have to be met for the waiver to be valid.
But then it will be too late!
LL : Sure , for instance , at McDonald crank out hundreds of hamburgers every day.
Western European and Other States Group (monthly meeting)
As at 31 March 2006
In the year 2005 the organization decided to focus on three particular areas, namely health, care of the environment and developing a culture of peace (interculturality).
The linking of poverty and conservation continues to be a growing area of concern and activity.
You will work all day under the sun!
) It could be true.(!
In the residential market, its brand is known for quality of construction and design.
Further, the Assembly would recognize that the elimination of the economic and social disparities in levels of development will contribute to enhancing peace, security and cooperation among Mediterranean countries.
Four convicted persons were transferred to serve their sentences.
Japan’s declining population and shrinking labor force is a major long-term challenge – reflected in Abe’s call for more women to work outside the home.
Yet the connection between the two wars has not gone unnoticed.
The financial regulations of the United Nations and the financial procedures of the UNFCCC shall apply.
Percentage of contracts
195. Efficiency.
52. A set of options for liberalization was presented by ICAO:
Here, we should also return to the issue of the voting process within the General Assembly.
As the producer of the architectural product, the construction enterprise shall be entitled to the following rights during the bidding and tendering process: (1)  Any construction enterprise or consortium with the business license and the required certificate of qualifications may participate in the tendering as required in the bidding documents; (2)  The enterprise shall have the right to decide the bid price with reference to its operating conditions and the marketing information available; (3)  The enterprise shall have the right to decide special prices for any project requiring excellent quality; (4)  The enterprise shall have the right decide whether or not to participate in the bid competition in light of its operating conditions.
Their rival company is planning a hostile takeover.
It could speed the transfer of appropriate energy technology to poor countries and give them objective advice on an optimal energy mix that is safe, secure and environmentally sound.
Freedom of association too is complete and guaranteed by the Constitution, and a number of political parties, associations and trade unions now play to the full the role that is properly theirs in every democratic society.
6. Other business
One evaluation points towards significant cost savings when resources are redeployed towards new communications tools as well as the positive impact of interactive websites in seeking more immediate feedback from and generating a different kind of interaction with stakeholders.
All these were descendants of Asher-heads of families, choice men, brave warriors and outstanding leaders. The number of men ready for battle, as listed in their genealogy, was 26,000.
That may well be so.
I detected some sarcasm in her statement.
Taking into consideration that most of the provisions needed for Paraguay to be in compliance with resolution 1373 (2001) depended on the adoption of this bill, in particular, inter alia:
In Hong Kong, says Lillibeth Bishop, the economy already is impacting outbound travel to Hong Kong from the U.S., its No. 1 country source for the long-haul market.
26th meeting Administration of justice at the United Nations [137]
Other measures in the package include the introduction of page limits to the documents submitted to the sessions of the policymaking organs, and electronic distribution only of documents.
A heated snifter hastens the release of the brandy's bouquet.
103. In general, institutional capacity of the Government is still limited due to low salary and incentive schemes.
So it is good for you, a sports fan.
300[83-165] 160.supply and demand A basic economic law stating that as the price of a good increase, suppliers will be willing to produce more but consumers will demand less, so that price and quantity are both interrelated.
48. In 2012, the United Nations Ombudsman continued to have direct access to the Secretary-General, Deputy Secretary-General and Chef de Cabinet to discuss measures to develop conflict competence and promote informal resolution in the Organization.
Participated in negotiations on free trade agreements related to the Central European Free Trade Agreements
Possibly our triumph, also, is to be made manifest in what seems to others humiliation.
They also urged governments to crack down on corruption that drives the illegal business.
6. The new United States nuclear strategy outlined at the Nuclear Posture Review builds on the significant reductions in our nuclear force posture taken since the end of the cold war and aims to further limit the potential for accidental launch by enhancing the safety, security and surety of the United States arsenal, while also maximizing the decision time available to the President in the event of a crisis.
Percentage
65. Responsibility: TMAC UNDP did its utmost to strengthen national ownership as well as develop and implement capacity building and training plans to promote and enhance the capacity of the women, men and associations of victims, other organisations and national institutions charged with delivering services.
You might have to go back to your customer and ask more questions in order to discover and prioritize all of their business pains.
Lunatic asylum
No one came or left in the next few minutes.
In Cheliotis' view, bootmaker Dr. Martens have been guilty in recent years of such profligacy.
In view of the special circumstances and needs of post-conflict countries, the Secretary-General may wish to encourage the Bretton Woods institutions to consider more flexible and effective measures for their re-engagement in post-conflict countries, including relaxing some of the stringent conditionalities concerning economic performance, scaling up post-conflict funds, special assistance for reconstruction and poverty reduction interventions.
Holy See
The airport finally opened in November 1999, further delays being due to budgetary constraints.
Post-commencement financing in international reorganizations
 We state our deep concern at the serious crisis in the Middle East peace process, a process we have supported since its beginnings in Madrid and Oslo.
 Its fundamental objectives depend on the unity of the great Powers and on their responsibility for the establishment of world peace, security and order.
But when it happens to you, you can feel very alone and unsure of what it all means.
11. Gibraltar has no known natural resources and lacks agricultural land.
Internet users accused it of blocking Voice Over Internet and call-back services offered by other providers at lower cost.
(c) Disaster recovery.
Total requirements
To this end, policies, programmes and mechanisms have been designed in the light of various theoretical and programmatic concepts and differing views about the ways in which macro-policies should operate and at the same time respond to the specific requirements of equality for women.
The members of the Panel will be elected by the Plenary by consensus, unless the Plenary decides otherwise.
You surely dont mean to stick to your dull fusty old river all your life, and just live in a hole in a bank, and BOAT?
Discussions are also pending on the issue of "critical mass" of core resources at the level of the executive boards of the funds and programmes.
The Princess did as he said. Aladdin took the lamp.
He cited tax, immigration, civil liberties, the environment and Iraq war as examples of such matters.
11. Mr. Kumalo (South Africa), speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, welcomed the adoption of the draft decision, but expressed regret that three delegations had chosen to dissociate themselves from the consensus.
STARBUCK: I'll be right back, okay?
You must check with your company's legal department or your manager if in doubt.
Arnold probably would have had a hard time finding a mate. People are programmed to be suspicious of extremes -
19. As of 15 October 2010, 20 countries in the Asian and Pacific region had ratified the Convention and 31 had signed it, demonstrating commitment to this important international instrument.
VIII. TRAINING, DATA AND STATISTICS
Whiting R C . Microbiology modeling [ J ]. CRC Critical Reviews in Food and Science and Nutrition . 35:467 494.
It responds to changes which Czech universities have undergone and which reflect worldwide developments.
According to the source, this suggests that prison authorities were involved in the attack.
Before the data, the dollar had slumped to a fresh 20-month low against the euro of $1.3218.
She had never seriously considered cosmetic surgery.
Subsequently, the Public Prosecutor of Peru indicated an interest to include the course into the annual training curriculum of justice officials.
SEATTLE – Before the horrors of the latest Ebola outbreak in West Africa could even begin to fade from our minds, the Zika virus emerged as a major global health risk, and is now occupying researchers and doctors in South America, Central America, and the Caribbean.
The Committee recommends that the State party take measures:
While technically possible, there is no military utility in designing a MOTAPM with an infra-red fuse that can be activated by a person.
Now, this ship has been traveling with the fleet, trailing Galactica for the last several months.
October 1991-February 1998 (on secondment to the Caribbean Regional Negotiating Machinery until 31 March 2002)
112. The report of the Secretary-General on functional requirements of field missions for communication and information technology (A/58/740) was issued in response to a request of the General Assembly for comprehensive information on these subjects.
Allegedly, the lawyer only visited him after the start of the trial, on the second-to-last day of the second week of the trial, after the author had already given evidence; moreover, the duration of the visit was only 10 minutes.
At the same meeting, on a proposal by the Chair, the SBI authorized the Rapporteur, with the assistance of the secretariat, to complete the report on the session, under the guidance of the Chair.
The independent Mental Welfare Commission for Scotland also plays an important role in protecting the interests of adults with incapacity due to a mental health condition, by monitoring the Mental Health (Care & Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003 and the welfare parts of the Adults with Incapacity (Scotland) Act.
Materials for the fabrication of missile components in the systems specified in 1.A., 19.A.1. or 19.A.2, as follows:
Letter dated 28 September 2010 from Gustavo C. Penadés to the Chair of the Committee*
16. Local staff salaries.
14. Emphasizes the need to promote the development of microenterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, including by means of training, education and skills enhancement, with a special focus on agro-industry as a provider of livelihoods for rural communities;
Finally, we look forward to a new review cycle of the United Nations Programme of Action on Small Arms and Light Weapons, which would start with the Biennial Meeting of States in 2008.
Institute of Global Education
d difficult to say
Last year some 2m people were displaced from Swat as a military offensive drove the Pakistani Taliban out of the scenic valley.
The risk for young girls is much higher.
United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad
As the forefront of the fingerprint identification system, fingerprint image acquisition is one of the most significant relevant technologies.
Evaluation is carried out by the operational programmes of the organization (decentralized evaluations) and by the central evaluation office.
With the settlement of the maritime boundary issue, the role of the United Nations is to ensure that the agreement is consistently translated in the boundary statement and in the final maps in order to close the demarcation process.
Kannushi
"On 13 December 2006, the Security Council, pursuant to annex II, sections A and B of resolution 1353 (2001), held its 5587th meeting in private with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF).
54. Mr. Tommo Monthe (Chairman of the Committee for Programme and Coordination) said that CPC had had a serious difficulty with section 11B: the General Assembly had requested at its fifty-third session that a detailed programme for the International Trade Centre should be submitted directly to the Assembly at the current session; CPC had therefore been unable to examine the programme narrative or provide the Fifth Committee with a recommendation.
Twenty years after the Cold War’s end, the West has at times recognized its duty to make amends to those who were, in a very real sense, the “collateral damage” of that ideological struggle.
The liberation of the capital and increased access to previously prohibited areas led UNSOA to adjust its planning, mainly with regard to construction (reduced requirements for camps across Mogadishu) and fuel delivery (reduced requirements for multiple fuel points).
The full report will be available online.
In terms of economic size and growth, demographics, patterns of global demand and currency movements, some developing countries are set to match those displayed by the developed economies of today.
138.23. Withdraw its reservations to Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and consider signing and ratifying its Optional Protocol (Republic of Korea);
 The main objectives of the Conference were to obtain a regional consensus on girls education as priority for education development in Africa.
More efficient FerrarisDespite a slow take up of electric motor technology the car industry has over recent years begun to invest heavily in it.
"15. Invites Governments, relevant international and regional bodies, national human rights institutions and non-governmental organizations to devote increased attention to the issue of women in prison, including the children of women in prison, with a view to identifying the key problems and ways in which they can be addressed, and notes the proposal of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (decision 2003/104) to prepare a working paper on this question".
In 2004, the central treasury appropriated various special-purpose funds, totaling over 10 billion yuan, for compulsory education in rural areas, an increase of 70 percent over the previous year.
57. ECE also cooperates with the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat through its participation in the United Nations high-level task force on ICT for Development.
Freshen up. Add a sweet smell to your home with a light air freshener, open the window on warm days or light a couple of scented candles.
This leads to longer distances between producers, processors and consumers, greater consumption of processed foods, and a greater propensity on the part of consumers to buy brand products (which, compared to non-branded products, are relatively often imported).
However, the specific time of transformation and transformation has a way of uncertainty.
It must have the necessary means to carry out the innovative work it has been undertaking energetically and courageously.
In public statements, the Secretary-General of Hizbullah has asserted that the armed capacity of his party would continue to increase in strength and capability and that its weaponry continues to be updated.
The project consists of observing the dynamics of the Antarctic winter polar vortex using an original method specially developed for this purpose: a flotilla of about 20 balloons flying at a constant altitude in the lower stratosphere for several months.
51. Recommendations included the need to increase engagement with boys and men in gender equality issues; ensure that funding for gender mainstreaming is made explicit; monitor overall spending from a gender mainstreaming perspective; and define clear procedures, responsibilities, accountabilities and standards for reporting.
The second would entail the increased use of innovative forms of international levies and leveraging of international liquidity for development purposes.
25 "Forests matter, early release", GEF, Washington, D.C., September 2003.
Additional fellowships may be awarded from the trust fund of the Programme of Assistance, depending on the amount of voluntary contributions received each year.
Acting in compliance with the mandate entrusted to it by the General Assembly in its resolution 60/251 of 15 March 2006 and Council resolution 5/1 of 18 June 2007, and in accordance with the President's statement PRST/8/1 on modalities and practices for the universal periodic review process of 9 April 2008;
In this regard, experts recommended that appropriate attention should be paid to national implementation issues as well as to international cooperation to facilitate EMS implementation in developing countries.
Conclusions Fourth - week is a critical time point in the progress of osseointegration.
J. Performance assessment
The city has taken giant steps to fight pollution caused by industrialization and economic growth.
Guideline 15. States should consider defining the concept of "cultural property", including movable and immovable cultural property, when necessary, for the purposes of criminal law.
94. As I also indicated in my last report, donors have been generous in financing infrastructural and environmental projects but they have often been reluctant to finance some programmes directly related to the Accords that are crucial for peace consolidation.
Article 70 This Law shall be applicable to foreign nationals, stateless persons and foreign organizations that are engaged in administrative suits in the People's Republic of China, except as otherwise provided for by law
2. At its first session, the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development recognized the crucial role played by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in stimulating broad- based, equitable and sustainable development.
--- accepted by Simon Fraser University, University of Toronto, University of British Columbia, University of Waterloo and University of Western Ontario with a President's scholarship. He is studying in University of Waterloo
in nowadays, since more and more people going abroad for studying further,the returnees is notas welcome as before.
Russian Orthodox cathedrals
When you experience these ruts in your relationship, don't let sex go by the wayside.
I'd love to, but I be out of town to attend a big conference.
Who he loves is also her in the memory.
The following are data concerning the enforcement of the Minimum Wage Law.
Expected key results in function 1.
To be held on Friday, 3 May 2002, at 3 p.m.
Alpine skiing at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
This is the Bell Captain. Your bags are on the way now. We are very sorry for the inconvenience.
Medium/High - Technician training, increased frequency and comprehensiveness of leak inspection activities and investment in leak detection technologies/repair materials will be required.
40. In keeping with the principle of complementarity, the international criminal court would initiate procedures only when permitted to do so by the States that had created it and when national jurisdiction was exhausted.
The Committee had a preliminary discussion but concluded, in respect of SAICM institutional arrangements, that the task of choosing an organization to take on the responsibility for tracking progress in SAICM implementation was too complex to resolve at the second session and agreed on several intersessional tasks, with a view to examining the various options and exploring broader aspects of implementation.
List of minor planets/83901–84000
The ICC is the first international tribunal to give recognition to the victims of heinous crimes, and the Trust Fund is a practical way to demonstrate that recognition.
Second class of mission finance and budget officer trainees will complete the programme during April-June 2009
Assistance to the transitional governmental institutions in their fight against impunity through exchange of information on cases of human rights violations, logistical support, transport and security of personnel
Accounts receivable turnover and inventory turnover are two financial ratios we often use.
Some initial provisions for IT equipment have already been made in order to ensure that new staff will be equipped on arrival.
It was one week before Maldives was to enter the agreed three-year period with a view to a smooth transition from the least-developed-country category.
Sealed yesterday's trading Sinoma International is ICBC CredIt'suisse Fund Chong Canggu.
Some parents emigrate in search of a better future, leaving their children behind, while some children emigrate on their own initiative or at their family's urging, and are handed over, for a fee, to exploiting individuals who push them into work.
8. Welcomes the advisory service activities of the International Committee of the Red Cross in supporting efforts made by Member States to take legislative and administrative action to implement international humanitarian law and in promoting the exchange of information on those efforts between Governments;
Wishing now that I refuse to listen
The CHAIRPERSON announced that discussion of item 11 of the agenda would therefore resume at the following meeting.
105. In requesting data and information disaggregated by sex, and specific information with regard to the situation of women in reporting guidelines, lists of issues and during oral questioning it is recommended that this be not limited to separate, women-specific sections or presented primarily in conjunction with women's reproductive functions or responsibilities for children.
In this work, the Chair will rely on the written submissions received by 30 September 2008 in response to the invitations contained in the Bali Action Plan and in the conclusions of the first and second sessions of the AWG-LCA, as well as on the presentations made in the in-session workshops and the discussions thereafter, as captured in the Chair's summaries of the workshops.
In addition, several countries have started to conduct transaction cost analyses as part of their "Delivering as one" activities.
1 Regional Coordinator
Mexico remains firmly committed to and continues to promote concrete measures to prevent the acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems by terrorist groups and other non-State actors through its active participation in major multilateral forums as well as various international initiatives and other regional forums.
If the world market is viewed in geographical terms, it has also changed radically over the past seven years.
(c) diplomatic and consular immunities;
However, by 1994–1995, enough historical data was available to improve aviation procurement planning significantly.
4. 1973 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents,
The  settlementish  settlement issue raising tension between Israel's new wing government and Washington.
Dag Hammarskjöld Library resources and databases (from 10:00 to 12:00)
Learning for a Sustainable Future
41. Requests the Secretary-General to invite all States to continue to inform the Working Group of measures adopted to implement the Programme of Action for the Elimination of the Exploitation of Child Labour;
Culture or civilization in a degraded state of sentimentality and vulgarity.
Those countries also consistently top global rankings for having the best quality of life.
Indoor air pollution caused by the intensive use of solid fuels, cooking stoves and open fires among the urban poor, combined with inadequate ventilation in poorly constructed shelters, are also believed to substantially raise the incidence of acute respiratory infections and chronic obstructive pulmonary disorders among the urban poor.
(a) Family services centres: social workers in the 65 family services centres provide counselling and assistance to parents to enhance their awareness of parental responsibilities and improve their child-rearing skills.
 1.50 The P-4 post will be assigned to the secretariat of the fiftieth anniversary, along with the requested temporary P-3.
I was born and brought up in northeast Liaoning, and I thought I might encounter difficulties in the heat of Sichuan.
Therefore, ways in which intersectoral coordination can take place, despite a lack of coordination within sectors, should be identified.
To be submitted separately.
It comforts me that I have met you, for at least I can tell you.
“Noting that the ongoing contagion of international financial crises is adding further burdens to the external debt problems of developing countries as a result of the destabilizing effects of volatile capital flows and is also leading to further declines in official development assistance flows, in particular to the least developed countries,
On 15 February, the second discussion session considered the question of how the term "production" might be defined in an FMCT.
A large number of discriminatory laws explicitly perpetuate de jure discrimination with regard to personal status, marital status, violence against women, property ownership, and inheritance rights.
Although the Law on Local Self-Government gives no jurisdiction over higher education to local authorities, mayors of 22 municipalities governed by political parties of ethnic Albanians declared themselves formally as co—founders of the institution, joining the initial three founders from 1994 - the Municipal Councils of Tetovo, Gostivar and Debar.
On behalf of the Group of 77 and China, I would appreciate if the present letter and its annex were circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda items 11, 17, 18, 29, 43, 44, 45, 48, 52, 53, 54, 56, 57, 58, 59, 64, 71, 116, 117, 126, 128 and 129
Human rights and unilateral coercive measures
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of Ecuador, Argentina and the United States (see E/2012/SR.47).
In the event that the employer fails to pay as ordered, the employee can, as in the case of all other civil remedies, enforce the award through the execution modes applicable to other civil judgments, or pursuing the sum as a civil debt.
CTC and CTED Programmes of Work (July to December 2007)
America has always been a country that thrives on hard work, thrift and self-reliance.
You should pay attention to your spelling.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) acknowledges the leading role of the United Nations in addressing the threat of terrorism, contributes actively to United Nations efforts in this field and complements them in the areas where it can bring an added value.
You think you're clever, but that doesn't give you the right to order me about!
On land, creatures like lemmings, caribou, reindeer and snowy owls are being squeezed north into a narrower range.
They are a valuable source of data for the parliament, the government and other central and local government bodies when adopting measures in support of gender equality.
Documents covered by the exception in paragraph 33 (b) should, however, only be released after 40 years.
A man without sufficient knowledge will not succeed.
Factors associated with morbidity and mortality from environmental causes
53. International efforts are under way to help make debt sustainable and avoid it becoming a drag on development.
This can be attributed to an increase in the products available for sale as a result of the distribution of publications produced by United Nations programmes and funds, as well as extrabudgetary publications, and a significant increase in the release of volumes of the United Nations Treaty Series.
Emblem of Algeria
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
18. Strengthening of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights 25
I. GENERAL FACTUAL AND STATISTICAL INFORMATION ON TIMOR-LESTE 1 - 121 7
Under General Assembly resolutions 62/62, paragraphs 9 and 10, and 62/66, paragraph 24, and under the Report of the Secretary-General A/62/503, paragraphs 18-26.
The MITDA requires the State and local governments to introduce low-floor buses for persons with disabilities and other transportation-disadvantaged persons to use them conveniently and safely.
It would not appear to be necessary to give further consideration to the relationship between these two fields of international law at the present time.
MoC valued its loss as 10 per cent of the original contract price, being its estimate of the value of the work at the date of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Gokayama
Ben: I sold two thousand long-stem red roses already
For general information on the signing conference, including registration, financial support, travel and visa arrangements, please consult the following Web site: <www.osloccm.no>.
Lenne
Friend: If he's so bad, I don't think you should work for him any more.
End of the world
152. During the recent years women account for about 10% of the staff of the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
Anyone as selfish and determined as you are is never helpless.
The new observations also revealed the characteristic X-ray signature expected of the surroundings of a black hole.
Juggling
2 P-4, 1 P-2, 1 GS (OL), 2 NPO, 1 LL)
14. Programme of work for the seventh session of the Conference of the Parties
tube, a famous singer appeared in the dark.
The meters have four setpoint outputs, implemented on Plug-in option cards. The Plug-in cards provide dual FORM-C relays (5A), quad FORM-A (3A), or either quad sinking or quad sourcing open collector logic outputs. The setpoint alarms can be configured to suit a variety of control and alarm requirements.
2. In paragraph 39 of its resolution 57/270 B, the Assembly also decided to consider under this item (a) the assessment of the implementation of the outcomes of the conferences and summits, and its impact on the achievement of the goals and targets of the conferences and summits, and to provide the necessary guidance for the further implementation of and follow-up to these outcomes and (b) the chapters of the annual report of the Economic and Social Council relevant to this item, including through the participation in its discussions of the President of the Council.
Nevertheless, the first response was spiteful: "Get a sense of humor, and a life. In that order. "
Opening for signature
We'd like to know what you can offer as well as your sales conditions.
The Monegasque authorities made comments on that recommendation.
82. The rule of law at the national and international levels.
The court heard that Mr Lo rented out a residential flat and three car parking spaces and received monthly rental through his bank account. In his tax returns for six years of assessment he declared that none of his properties were rented out. He also submitted a false written reply to the department's request for information on the use of the car parking spaces. The total amount of tax evaded was $244,851.
In its original statement of claim, China Civil calculates its loss of profits by adding together two components, namely, 15 percent of the monthly salary payments which remain payable on the contract, and a “mobilisation fee” multiplied by the number of workers the subject of the particular contract.
These ranged from reinforcing accountability to influencing UNHCR's organizational culture, as outlined in the background paper submitted to the Committee (EC/SC/52/CRP.7).
The President of the Council held a meeting on the question with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Central African Republic.
Amount
They also welcomed with appreciation the entering into force of the Statute of the Agency, and the holding of the inaugural session of its Assembly held from 4-5 April 2011 in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates.
There could yet be more companies this week that offer welcome news in their outlooks.
31. At the international level, Viet Nam had become a party to a large number of international instruments on transnational crime, terrorism and narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances.
METHODS:Percutaneous penetration experiment was performed on in vitro device and deposit effect was observed with vivoperception.
88. He also asked how the Special Rapporteur would address the issue of restrictions on foreign funding, and whether she could recommend any best practices.
The election of the Vice-Chair from the Group of African States was deferred.
82. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (resolution 68/115).
World Trade Organization
From that time, I would like to forest single. The animal that villager think it is danger play with me friendly.
He had also noted that, owing to the legacy of the Soviet system, in legal proceedings the public prosecutor was superior to defence lawyers.
17. Although the focus of the meeting was on price risk management and collateralized finance, the experts emphasized that these are just two aspects of the general commodity business.
67. Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
A shaper or construction worker may be a good worker but I do not know what his understanding of golf is or what he may be trying to do.
S/AC.49/2006/18
:: Member of the Executive Council of Slovenia (Government), responsible for science and technology, 1967-1972
For example, Uruguay has a regional training centre that provides training on the prevention of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
Errouville
The update will occur even when the Sequence diagram is in a closed model.
I would like to thank the Under-Secretary-General Mr. Guehenno for a comprehensive briefing.
Capacity-building and technical support provided to 30 national SSC focal points and those of the UN system and UNDP, especially their country teams and other interested partners, to generate, catalogue, store and disseminate South-South development solutions and needs in their respective areas of competence, using the common coding system.
Oddly, you see, France still values prudence in economic management.
72. In paragraph 24 of its report (A/68/7/Add.17), which was endorsed by the General Assembly in resolution 68/247 A, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions expressed its expectation that the transparent and accurate reporting of costs associated with UNSOM and UNSOA would be ensured and requested that future budget submissions show further clarity on how their respective operational budgets for services, acquisitions and related arrangements are maintained separately.
Also, more detailed studies in regard to other applications of nuclear heat - for example, for chemical processes and water desalination - could be undertaken by the Agency.
V. Report of the Advisory Committee on its ninth session
Please provide information on the participation of women in decision-making processes and on the access of indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian women to economic and social benefits.
That event, together with one planned for Asia in 2006, could contribute greatly to the implementation of paragraph 30, on South-South cooperation, of the Summit Outcome.
Cameroon trained more than 600 community leaders to help mobilize society in favour of sending girls to school.
We stop for lunch en route for scotland.
Reports of the Executive Board of the United Nations Children's Fund on its second regular session of 2006 and on its first regular session and annual session of 2007 (General Assembly resolutions 48/162, annex, and 59/250 and Council resolution 1995/51)
Philippines
An Innocenti Lecture on education, also published by ICDC under the title “A School for Children with Rights”, proved to be one of the most sought after ICDC publications and has been translated into several languages by field offices and National Committees.
Measures are needed to remove from circulation or limit the harmful effects of chemicals that could cause cancer and other malignant conditions.
61. Ms. Brelier (France) requested clarification from the secretariat as to where the draft text was to be inserted.
Introduction 1 4
'Well, you may tell them I wish you to stay till I can talk some things over with you I have on my mind: to-night it is too late, and I have a difficulty in recalling them.
Although the volume and the impact of the returnee population differs from one country to the other, the influx clearly has the potential to further exacerbate an already precarious and tenuous situation.
His country had placed the development of human capital at the forefront of government policy.
United Nations building, Santiago
Let me think about it.8
In this picture taken circa 1935, military aircraft fly over the statue.
Be careful not to shut your fingers in the door.
 17. Despite the successful rationalization of the Council's work under the new format, his delegation believed that, in future, the organization of work within the general segment should be more precisely defined.
Notes
320. The Committee welcomes the efforts to improve the participation of youth in policymaking through, inter alia, the establishment of a National Youth Council and a Youth Parliament in Aruba in 2003.
We have brought forward our programme of $50 million of bridge repairs in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa.
I am very pleased to tell everybody that on the eve of SCO Day the ministers of foreign affairs of the member states sent the Secretariat their messages of congratulation, in which they unanimously expressed their best wishes to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
M. Bruno van der Pluijm
In addition, BINUCA and the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) are providing advice and support to national authorities to implement a project funded by the Peacebuilding Fund aimed at building six barracks for the defence and security forces in order to ensure that these projects fit within a broader security sector reform framework.
The Chairman's working paper neglected to mention what was in some ways the most alarming aspect of the Syrian Arab Republic's secret nuclear programme: the involvement of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/68/782/Add.6)
At 1755 and 1825 hours aggressor Israeli aircraft carried out two attacks on outlying areas of Jibal al-Butm and Zibqin, firing two air-to-surface missiles.
The unemployment rate rose sharply in many of those countries, creating serious sociopolitical repercussions.
The Commission was none the less pursuing its task, namely, to restore confidence and unity, so that no region would be marginalized.
However, suffice it to state at this point that these three occupy a defining position for Canada as we begin these detailed negotiations.
These acts are generally intended to terminate the cooperation of these persons with United Nations human rights mechanisms and other relevant bodies.
UNCTAD argues that, for this linkage to be effective, national and international policies need to be rooted in a development-centred approach to trade rather than a trade-centred approach to development.
In 2006, the Mission trained 3,360 personnel in conduct-related issues, including prevention of sexual exploitation and abuse.
A spark is formed by discharging a 600 volt capacitor into a coil primary.
19 September 1998
2003-2008: Minister Counselor, Permanent Mission of China to the United Nations
Like mother, like daughter.72
Request for the inclusion of an additional item in the agenda of the fifty-fourth session
No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for there are countless do - it - yourself publications.
Mr. Choo Siew Kioh
The author explores the basic concepts of the three methods and details their respective particulars.
And there is no prompt honor.
Memorandum by the Secretary-General on the election of five members of the International Court of Justice
On 1 May 2001, the State party informed the Committee that the complainant had voluntarily departed Australia and subsequently "withdrew" his complaint against the State party.
The SBI elected these officers by acclamation and the Chairman congratulated them on behalf of the SBI.
Leak free equipment and fittings should be installed whenever possible;
Her fancyman is treating two Royal Dublins in O'Loughlin's of Blackpitts.
Berg was satisfied and happy.
2. Investment, enterprise and technology
Bible Hill Youth Club Bibliothèques sans frontières
The lower consumption was attributable to the removal of 695 vehicles from the fleet
Everything is important and nothing need be changedto climb up the hill may be difficult, but youll reach the top no matter which path you choose.
In 2004, the Department continued to organize seminars for leading department stores, chain-shops, small and medium enterprises to promote traders' awareness in complying with the Toys and Children's Products Safety Ordinance and the Consumer Goods Safety Ordinance.
IAJ representatives participated in the following United Nations meetings:
After the preparatory year, school enrollment in Angola assumes the shape of a pyramid.
Table 5.
Recent measures for the advancement of women
Regional Organizations Cooperation Mechanism for Trade Facilitation (ROC-TF) newsletter**
The Advisory Committee notes that the additional resources resulting from the strengthening proposals contained in the Secretary-General's report amount to $21,036,100, before recosting, as follows:
The existence of this reality does not mean, however, that we in the Department of Public Information must give up in despair.
Encouragingly, the answer is “not yet.” In fact, in some ways, chess is as popular and successful today as at any point in the last few decades.   Chess lends itself very well to Internet play, and fans can follow top-level tournaments in real time, often with commentary.
The Committee notes the concerns raised by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD/C/QAT/CO/13-16, para. 15) that, despite the legal provisions prohibiting conduct such as passport and wage-withholding by sponsors, the fundamental nature of the sponsorship system increases the dependency of the migrant workers on sponsors, rendering them vulnerable to various forms of exploitation and abuses.
He and other officials at the briefing stressed that the United States remains a key market for Chinese goods, and Beijing wants to douse risks of a backlash.
Berg Bay
When it considered the current report at the resumed fifty-seventh session of the Assembly, the Fifth Committee might wish to take account of the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Contributions on measures to encourage the timely, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions, which were contained in chapter IV of the report.
We no sooner realize that we are here than it is already time for us to be leaving.
88. In 2015 it is proposed that the function of planning and programming be consolidated under the management of one Senior Planning and Coordination Officer (P-5) and that the position of Senior Programme Officer (P-5) be abolished.
Organizational Learning Framework Assessment: progress between 2005 and 2006
In addition, a human rights approach imposes a duty to ensure that the rights of people living in poverty and their concerns are prioritized when any policy or other initiative is formulated and implemented.
13. In light of the austerity constraints that affected many Member States, mandates should be realistic and matched with appropriate resources.
The Guiding Principles define "internally displaced persons" as "persons or groups of persons who have been forced or obliged to flee or to leave their homes or places of habitual residence, in particular as a result of or in order to avoid the effects of natural or human-made disasters, and who have not crossed an internationally recognized State border".
The organization has contributed to the following projects, among others: e-learning courses in sustainable agriculture, architecture, economics, energy, health, legislation and waste management and a course for people living with a disability in modern society; a course on biopolitics and bioethics at the Department of International and European Studies, Panteion University, in Athens, in 2006 and 2007; a European Union programme on promoting urban sustainable development in local authorities, coordinated by Intercollege Cyprus, in 2006 and 2007; an elearning programme on environmental education for participants from 78 countries in 2008 and 2009; and sponsored a conference on climate change and its impact on agriculture and planning the common agricultural policy in view of the United Nations Conference on Climate Change in Copenhagen, in 2009.
We only accept payment by irrevocable letter of credit payable against shipment documents.
Some Chinese artists, loath to be branded as democracy campaigners, declined valuable offers to help illustrate the album.
Handwheels have finger grips cast on bottom of rim and are fastened with a cap screw and lock washer.
11. Calls upon States, where appropriate:
Major efforts are needed to develop the sustainable agricultural and forestry production systems that provide decent incomes and livelihoods and at the same time reduce emissions, consume less water and maintain soil fertility and biodiversity.
(a) Operative paragraph 3 was retained by a recorded vote of 141 to 1, with 19 abstentions.
The Working Group recognizes that the need to build synergies between growth-oriented development strategies and human rights is a response to the growing call by people for more empowerment, more ownership and more sustainability in development efforts.
Listeners must implement a basic subset of the HTTP protocol to be able to implement this part of the Pachube API.
At its third session, the COP reviewed the lists in Annexes I and II and adopted decision 4/CP.3 by which it decided to delete the name of Czechoslovakia and include the names of Croatia, the Czech Republic, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Slovakia and Slovenia in Annex I to the Convention.
Wholesale Fruit and Vegetable Market in Al Husainiah
They include aerial medical evacuation, aerial reconnaissance, command and control, search and rescue, insertion of special operations forces, air assault operations, airborne operations, forcible-entry operations, military police mobility and maneuver support, communications retransmission, battlefield distribution for unit resupply, transport of individual and crew replacements, weapons platform, noncombatant evacuation operations, battlefield contractor transport, and battle damage assessment.
:: "NGO Action News", a bimonthly summary of information on civil society activities on the question of Palestine
9. Further calls upon all States to adopt measures and policies to promote full respect for and protection of places of worship and religious sites, cemeteries and shrines, and to take protective measures in cases where they are vulnerable to vandalism or destruction;
Mine openly advocates innovative scientific finance and insurance, both private and public, to reduce inequality, by quantitatively managing all of the risks that contribute to it.
(b) The Government of Sweden, for co-sponsoring the Fourth United Nations/ Sweden International Training Course on Remote Sensing Education for Educators, held at Stockholm and Kiruna from 2 May to 10 June 1994;
Presenter: Mr. Arrindell
For example, a trillion dollars of real estate remains uncapitalized in India alone.
For peacekeeping activities, contract administration is handled by the programme managers at the field mission.
pursued the notary.
As coordinator for the New Agenda Coalition, a group of non-nuclear-weapon States committed to a nuclear-weapon-free world, New Zealand will soon introduce a draft resolution highlighting the work that will be required to achieve its implementation during the coming review cycle of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
(c) Exercise its good offices to help achieve national reconciliation within the frame of reference of the Arusha Peace Agreement;
He gave the newcomer the works.
3. The National monitoring committee on the implementation of international human rights instruments is made up of representatives of State bodies and resource persons. It is responsible for monitoring the implementation of human rights conventions.
New research by the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) shows that spending by Africa’s consumers and businesses already totals $4 trillion.
The services include: personnel services (recruitment and administration of the staff rules for headquarters staff and international staff in the field); financial services (payroll, general accounting, treasury, expenditure approval); and general services (office space, buildings management, communications, mail and messenger service, issuance of United Nations official documents, travel and transportation assistance, support to central local area network computer services and electronic mail and Internet access).
15. Communication programmes designed to bring about behaviour change will play an essential role in guiding consumers towards the purchase of malaria-control interventions of demonstrated effectiveness in reducing malaria transmission, such as insecticide-treated materials and antimalarials to which resistance is less common.
Conclusion:STG has significant in vitro effect of growth inhibitio.
It is clear that we need a comprehensive and durable solution to the external debt problem, notably with regard to the establishment of a debt workout mechanism.
17. Observer status for the Economic Community of West African States in the General Assembly: report of the Sixth Committee (A/59/520) [159]
MY SCHOOL LIFE When I was six years old, I began to go to school
Swansea
The case is pending.
Sr Electrical Insp/Consumer Installations/2
For emergency care, no individual is denied treatment or services.
25th meeting
) One morning a small boy squatted motionless on the grass in the garden for a long time.His mother felt so odd that she walked close to see what had happened
Ministers had expressed their concern at the low rates of economic growth.
Gambia 194 - 195 51
Convention No. 159 concerning vocational rehabilitation and employment (disabled persons) (date of acceptance 26 November 1993);
In view of the continued settlement activities, the United Nations and the High Contracting Parties to the Fourth Geneva Convention should take action, if necessary, to reconvene the Conference of the High Contracting Parties.
Non-post requirements of $213,700, reflecting a net decrease of $38,700, will provide largely for other staff costs, consultants, travel of staff, contractual services and other general operating requirements.
A clear precedent already exists for such an approach.
It also convened an ad hoc meeting in Geneva in July 1993 to consider the issue of resource mobilization.
The person charged may request in writing that the Trial Chamber refer issues to the Pre-Trial Chamber that are necessary for the Chamber's effective and fair functioning in accordance with article 64, paragraph 4.
10. The Control of Exports (Goods and Technology) Order 2009 provides for the control of exports of goods and technology listed in the Schedule to that Order, being goods and technology on what is commonly referred to as the European Union (EU) Common Military List.
I quickly found in [statesman and orator Marcus Tullius] Cicero the archetypal modern politician, and so he became the central character.
It was as though he had received a galvanic shock, " What is this? "
Most substantive entities Secretariat-wide undertook all types of activities according to their respective workplans and mandates.
The DRA may file a suit with the Constitutional Court in the event that the Federal Government delays or withholds the transfers of funds allocated to it.
The price of sugar has suddenly skyrocketed up.
In fact, two political parties initiated a quota for women candidates in the general elections.
Regional Workshop (in English language) on the role of the Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education—in English Language in National and Regional Development
4. The Board shall meet at the seat of the Court at least once a year.
However, as the required conference servicing resources of the working group would be allocated from those already earmarked for meetings of the General Assembly, no additional conference servicing resources would be required.
The representative of the Board of Auditors stated that there were a number of professional guidelines that could be referred to for the establishment of such a committee.
Twenty-first International Congress of Onomastic Sciences,
The Committee notes from the report of the Commission on Human Settlements on the work of its sixteenth session that, in its decision 16/29 of 7 May 1997, the Commission requested the Secretary-General to take any necessary action to provide Habitat with the capacity to improve its financial and administrative management.
Proficient in garment sourcing, fabric and the insured amount, valuation and other professional work.
The Viewing Skyscraper Tower in Hangzhou Leisure Expo Garden is the tallest skyscraper tower in Asia.
3. Encourages the international community to support the implementation of the Economic Community of West African States Convention on Small Arms and Light Weapons, Their Ammunition and Other Related Materials;
The remaining Parenting Workshop sessions in April have been cancelled; the Workshop will resume in May!
Additional efforts will be made to seek further efficiencies in the management of travel resources, including through the combination of trips and through the use of other representational methods (e.g., videoconferencing).
For each beloved hour Sharp pittances of years, Bitter contested farthings And coffers heaped with tears.
 21. In 1994-1995, UNDCP changed its accounting policy on the recording of income to comply with the United Nations System Accounting Standards.
Despite the fact that the bottle is tinted a delicate shade of green, an observant visitor would soon notice that it is filled with what looks like a thick greyish substance.
Both consultations followed the same format and included representatives from States, corporations and civil society, as well as academics and legal practitioners from across the respective regions.
Nina, also befriended by a sassy kleptomaniac called Toni who takes her on a thieving spree, is no one's daughter.
We wish him well in his future endeavours.
Sr Div Occupational Safety Offr(Occupational Safety   Health Training Centre)
The object of the journey was to visit Grandma.
At the same session, UNFPA supported discussions that led to a commitment to strengthen policy and programme linkages between HIV/AIDS and reproductive health in resolution 52/4.
Matt Joyce
F. Attacks against schools and hospitals
In three cases the victims were children.
 Thus, care must be taken to manage greenhouse gas emissions during the phase-out of ODS;
26. Call upon the Secretary-General, through the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination/United Nations Development Group, to explore a simplified programme approval process for common country programmes and make suggestions to the Economic and Social Council in this regard.
44. The Committee reiterates its previous recommendation to the State party to take all appropriate measures to fully enforce the child's right to know his or her biological parents and siblings, as enshrined in article 7 of the Convention and in the light of the principles of non-discrimination (art. 2) and the best interests of the child (art. 3).
The level of implementation of accessibility laws remains low in many countries and persons with disabilities are often denied their right to freedom of expression due to inaccessible information and communication.
With what method to suicide best?
[24 November 2011]
Chairman: Mr. Wisit Wisitsora-At (Thailand)
Acknowledging also that the right to the truth may be characterized differently in some legal systems as the right to know or the right to be informed or freedom of information,
Anything that gets in the way of you fixing your code or improving your code in a way that your customers can appreciate, is a negative.
Refer to note 7 (Comparison to budget) for full definitions of costs included within the institutional budget and the programme budget.
Under these Instructions, the Spaniard, and the old Savage the Father of Friday, went away in one of the Canoes, which they might be said to come in, or rather were brought in, when they came as Prisoners to be devour'd by the Savages.
- Resolutions 129 (16 September 1988), 82 (15 March1989), 63 (16 May 1989), 275 (5 April 1990), 107 (18 April 1991), 271 (18 March 1992) and 188 (26 July 1993) of the Congress of the Unites States of America.
Recorded information about previously unscheduled meetings and consultations of the whole of the Security Council may be obtained by calling (212) 963-8530.
Taxonomic Studies on Two Pisaurid Species from China(Araneae: Pisauridae)
19. Notes with appreciation the increased attention paid to the issue of internally displaced persons in the consolidated inter-agency appeals process, and encourages further efforts in this regard;
ECA is planning to launch a number of field projects to enhance national capacities to implement the 1993 System of National Accounts and to develop basic data, including household, poverty and gender statistics.
Women in Latin America mostly engage in the drugs trade because of socio-economic circumstances.
Don't think oneself not do is that everything's just fine, actually second-hand smoking is the same dangers with smoking.
Mr. Hale : Well , my first thought was to get that rope off .
Therefore, the Working Group reaches out to the diplomatic community, attempting to engage their interest, present useful information and foster a practical process of directing available resources in ways that best serve its interests.
33. Mr. Ahounou (Côte d’Ivoire) asked why time and money should be wasted on such a last-minute questioning when the headings had no legal value and no implications.
Mr. Rivasseau (France) (spoke in French): I am taking the floor in connection with draft resolution A/C.1/60/L.40/Rev.1, entitled "Problems arising from the accumulation of conventional ammunition stockpiles in surplus".
Four teams will go through to the semi -  final.
This is an issue of relevance to the Conference's agenda item 1 "Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament" and its agenda item 2 "Prevention of nuclear war, including all related matters".
The Housing Authority started to phase out the pilot Rent Allowance for Elderly Scheme, taking into account the availability of adequate resources to cope with the elderly applicants' demand, the cost-effectiveness and response to the pilot scheme.
2001-2004 Employment Programme
May I consider that the General Assembly takes note of those appointments?
Jordan
Globalization and interdependence
Given the technological requirements of some processing operations, the need for finance, and the complexities of the marketing and distribution channels in the more advanced export markets in particular, the participants saw merit in the establishment of joint ventures with enterprises in those markets as an efficient and cost-effective way of providing supplies of the required quality and gaining shelf space.
The international community should strengthen cooperation and integrated coordination and push for progress of the relevant research so as to provide solid advice for decision-making.
171. The comments of the Administration on this recommendation are reflected in paragraph 354 of the Board's report.
5. The deteriorating security and political environment is expected to significantly affect the protection and respect of human rights.
TD/B/EX(55)/3
Those benefits cannot be actualized without efforts to coordinate.
 Thorough interviews were conducted with some of the relatives of the 609 missing persons.
They had an eighty-mile journey and decided to hitch-hike.
The research result shows the material including pore and initial crack in pressure sintering that is, the material is including damage.
In pursuit of the ultimate objective of the Convention as stated in its Article 2,
In addition, persons with disabilities enjoy their rights provided for in the laws, especially the Law on Labour, the Law on Education, etc, relating to healthcare, physical and mental rehabilitation and suitable employment.
(Agenda item 4)
It participated in the Africa Regional Conference on the Universalization and Implementation of the Convention on Cluster Munitions held in Pretoria in March 2010, where it chaired a session on the status of the Convention in Africa and urged participating States to ratify it without delay.
Europe is now stuck between a US and a Russia that are determined to divide it.
His first album helped established him as a new rock 'n roll star.
The system consists of the centralized management center and the centralized manageable message accounting devices.
 Turning to nuclear testing in our region, I must say that our continuing desire and concern is to ensure that the South Pacific region remains a nuclear-free zone and a zone free of all types of radioactive waste.
2. What can be done to protect children from harmful influences through the media?
"2. The President of the General Assembly, through appropriate consultations, including consultations with the President of the Economic and Social Council and with the Chairman of the Administrative Committee on Coordination [United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination], shall review the qualifications of the proposed candidates.
Later, wealthy Romans carried their most valued perfumes in hollowed-out precious stones.
tall short long fat thin clever bored angry happy big small lovely sad tired good fine old
The third is the cessation of Israeli settlement-building in the occupied territories, the dismantling of the settlements and the departure of settlers.
Steels and Frank are excellent choices.
Train-the-Trainer Package on Green Construction: Construction Noise
A lack of publicly available information made it difficult to monitor and hold Governments to account for proper implementation, and the compliance rate among G-20 countries was low.
Several elements in the text, however, went far beyond the competence of the Committee and were not dealt with in a comprehensive manner but rather were quoted selectively and out of context.
It's big , impersonal , over stocked , full of ignorant sales people.
Aligning the medium-term programme framework reporting cycle with the comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system (item 5)
24 December 2010
Please fill me this glass with water.
In order to implement the Security Council Resolution 1373 and other relevant resolutions adopted by the Security Council under Chapter VII of the Charter to combat international terrorism, the Central Government issued an Order entitled the "prevention and Suppression of terrorism (Implementation of Security Council Resolutions) Order 2004".
(b) The right to be involved in decision-making about grazing lands and conservation;
248. Between 1992 and 2001, the proportion of young persons who completed secondary school rose from 32.8 per cent to 48.9 per cent for boys and from 29.4 per cent to 47.9 per cent for girls.
Furthermore, the Committee urges the State party to ensure that children are never employed in hazardous situations.
That was reflected in a precipitous decline in public investment, most of which was funded by donors.
The experiment shows that collaborating teaching activities can not only develop the potential of learners' autonomy but also improve their integrated English language competence.
It's hard/difficult to predict his reactions for that he's so moody/tempremental
The Forum may wish to elect the nominated Chairperson, Yuriy N. Isakov (Russian Federation), and the remaining Vice-Chairperson nominated from a Latin America and Caribbean State, George W. Talbot (Guyana), as well as the Rapporteur for the fourth session of the Forum. 2. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
Advisory services to national Governments and regional banks on issues dealing with poverty and environment, including modalities for financing measures designed to resolve environmental problems through the establishment of an expert group (upon request), (GC.22/9, GC.22/10), (Norway and Belgium, $150,000), (internal: Regional Office for Africa, Division of Technology, Industry and Economics, Division of Early Warning and Assessment), (external: African Governments, NEPAD, African Ministerial Conference on the Environment (AMCEN), UNDP, World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), Capability and Sustainability Centre, International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD), Millennium Assessment, regional research institutes, World Bank) **
The representative of the Secretariat introduced the sub-item, recalling that by its decision VIII/21, the Conference of the Parties had invited Parties to contribute to the revision of the guidance papers on H10 and H11.
We recognize the regional and international efforts being exerted towards a ceasefire, including the important support and efforts by the Secretary-General and the calls by the Security Council for a ceasefire, and appeal for greater efforts to help bring an end to the bloodshed and destruction.
He spent a lot of money (in) buying books
However, the Panel finds that an adjustment should be made for insufficient evidence.
In the context of the negotiations on basic telecommunications concluded as part of the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), a number of World Trade Organization (WTO) member States representing most of the world market for telecommunication services have made specific commitments to facilitate trade in telecommunication services.
A Department focal point to develop and oversee the implementation of a communications strategy in support of action against terrorism and to highlight the work of the substantive departments involved in this issue was also appointed in January 2003.
- for disabled children suffering from infantile cerebral paralysis - 300 per cent of the guaranteed minimum level of consumption (GMLC);
23 April 1979
A summary of the resources proposed for the United Nations Office at Nairobi is provided in the following table:
50. Recent progress in political and economic stabilization has given rise to an increase in technical and development-oriented assistance, and led to a decrease in emergency relief and humanitarian aid.
Why is that an anomaly?
As a result of the crash, Italian cycling officials complained about safety problems for cyclists who have to share roads with cars.
Members of the Council appreciated the efforts of the good offices of the Secretary-General and his Special Adviser, and expressed readiness to continue supporting United Nations efforts in Yemen, recognizing that many political, security and humanitarian challenges were still ahead.
At the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted the draft resolution as A/AC.109/2002/30 (see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 23 (A/57/23), chap. XIII, sect. F).
(g) Corruption
China Disabled Persons Federation
In exploring ways and means to improve the efficiency of the crime congresses, many speakers made reference to the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Lessons Learned from United Nations Congresses on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its meeting held in Bangkok from 15 to 18 August 2006 (E/CN.15/2007/6, sect. IV).
It is our hope that the Doha Round negotiations will achieve its goal as a development round, effectively address the concerns of developing countries and come to an early conclusion.
The Seimas amended the Parliamentary Elections Act and the Presidential Elections Act accordingly.
It's sort of like a stream of consciousness.
The situation in the occupied territories of Azerbaijan
Original cost estimatesa
Whether the principle of extraterritoriality has been incorporated in the legislation to criminalize the sexual exploitation of children by nationals and residents of the State party when committed in other countries;
You are sure to be successed as long as you keep your direction in all time.
Clearly irritated by the criticism that aimed at him since the team's Champions League elimination and jittery Premiership performances, Ferguson also took the opportunity to call on United supporters to rally behind the team in its hour of need.
It was further noted that the only two countries currently recommended to the UN Economic and Social Council for "graduation" from LDC status are, in fact, SIDS (Cape Verde and Maldives), although a final decision on this has been postponed by member States.
 * quantified legally-binding objectives for emission limitations and significant overall reductions within specified time-frames, such as 2005, 2010, 2020, with respect to their anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks of greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol;
Objective To investigate the mechanism of the hip shelf arthroplasty for adult acetabular dysplasia analysis ( FEA ).
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization: Supplement No. 33 (A/65/33)
Switzerland made recommendations.
(b) Enhanced capacity of member countries to apply best practices and methods for improving sustainable agriculture and rural development, and increasing the productivity and competitiveness of small and medium-scale enterprises using appropriate and affordable environmentally sound technology
www.un.org/arabic/ecosoc/
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
11. Establishment of the Trusteeship Council as a principal organ of the United Nations was based on the built-in principles of trust and common responsibility.
It will therefore be imperative to tie together the ongoing antipiracy operation, the AMISOM operations and the envisaged multinational force in a coordinated effort that effectively addresses both the consequences and the source of the lawlessness in Somalia, which has become a serious threat to international peace and security.
70. Turning to the controversial issue of the protection of shareholders in a corporation, he expressed support for draft articles 11, 12 and 13 as submitted by the Commission.
On the other hand, although the artillery diaries had been discussed for a long time as quite important for proving the indictment in these proceedings, the Republic of Croatia did not provide this documentation to the Tribunal, while the Tribunal receded from its request.
As at 18 April, 76 escapees had either been recaptured or returned voluntarily.
Please don't make so much noise! Someone is sleeping.
58. UNDP informed the Board that it would recognize the after-service health insurance liability in full with the implementation of IPSAS in 2012.
No everybody puts the highest value on him.
II. THE WORK OF THE OFFICE OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR HUMAN RIGHTS (OHCHR)
I've noticed that it is warmer here than in England.
Rice said the Americas and Africa have “enshrined” within their regions a commitment to democracy through these two “visionary” charters.
"So this is a real opportunity for pregnant women to be seen in a new way. " (Agencies)
But to be effective monitors, human rights officers needed to be present on the ground, in particular in Darfur, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Somalia, where access was currently impeded.
15. Requests the Secretary-General to prepare a summary of the replies received and to submit a report, if possible, to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its fortieth session;
The regional programme, even though its stated intentions on gender equality were good, failed to allocate human resources commensurate with its goals and necessary to overcome the weak capacity of country offices in gender mainstreaming.
5. After the Second World War, the country lived for 40 years under a communist regime.
He stated that bilateral relations between the Sudan and South Sudan had registered some progress, adding that the Joint Border Verification and Monitoring Mechanism had resumed its aerial operation, with no military activity on the border by either side reported.
The maintenance worker is responsible for the daily maintenance of all building management support equipment in the Tindouf Liaison Office.
It also decided to refer draft articles 1 to 4 to the Drafting Committee and draft article 5 to the Working Group for further consideration and study.
A committee! Lords and esquires are out of date, and the prevailing nomination is to a committee. Don't you still understand?
Restricting budget revisions corresponds essentially to updating the approved budget plan.
We should encourage more women and girls to report all forms of abuse to make it possible for society to isolate those who disrespect, violate and discriminate against women.
1. At its 7th meeting, on 7 June 2012, the Committee considered programme 12, Human settlements, of the proposed strategic framework for the period 2014-2015 (A/67/6 (Prog. 12)).
Redesign curricula to meet the needs of scientists and vocational training courses
X. Provisional agenda and date of the thirty-sixth session (item 12)
To cover the dispatch of information and working documents for the extraordinary Meeting of the Parties to be held in March 2004, the additional amount of $15,000 was added to this budget line.
The report also emphasizes that the Vienna-based United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, working in close coordination with the Counter-Terrorism Committee, has provided technical assistance to more than 70 countries in connection with the ratification and implementation of the 12 universal anti-terrorism conventions and the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
For we are touching the body of Christ twenty-four hours…And I think that in our family we don’t need bombs and guns, to destroy, to bring peace, just get together, love one another, bring that peace, that joy, that strength of presence of each other in the home.
The revised budget of the Centre for the biennium 2008-2009, as established by the General Assembly in its resolution 64/242, provided for estimated expenditure of $62,185,850, equivalent to SwF 66,606,900, as compared with SwF 68,174,300 for the biennium 2006-2007, thus reflecting a decrease of 2.3 per cent in Swiss francs.
835. Immigrants and ethnic minorities face difficulties in gaining access to employment and social services as well as to participation in society as a whole.
According to a well-established rule of international law, the conduct of any organ of a State must be regarded as an act of that State.
" Because Americans believe time is a limited resource, they try to conserve and manage it.
36. The round table was composed by (a) Mr. Daniele Violetti, Secretary of the CDM Executive Board, UNFCCC; (b) Mr. Marcel Alers, Principal Technical Adviser, MDG Carbon Facility, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP); and (c) Mr. Stefan Denzler, Programme Manager from Switzerland's State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (SECO).
The Conference welcomed Iraq's return of a portion of the Kuwaiti archives and called on Iraq to return the remainder of the archives and other property of the State of Kuwait.
The NIF regime in the Sudan has been training and arming members of the Eritrean Islamic Jihad since 1992 for terrorist acts in Eritrea.
His family has heard nothing about him since.
should have done , would have done I believed by the end of that year an advanced version of that software would have been developed, but I was wrong.
man, why it's always on sunday? all chinese officials day off. coward Vietnamese monkey doesn't want t let chinese official TO SEE it.
That was a common challenge in Asia, and it was perhaps the most urgent: a budget could be sourced as economies grew, but skilled personnel could not be bought off the shelf.
Studies on the comparative anatomy of the Tibetan medicinal plants -- Corydalis from Qinghai Plateau.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004) concerning the
For your own sake there is no turning back.
This tolerant attitude toward the country’s Muslim minority endures to this day, despite another attack in August, on La Rambla, in the heart of Barcelona.
6. Personnel matters.
They were created by the Afghan war against Russia.
Yanoda is a phonogram indicating one two and three in the Hainanese dialect.
Ongoing priorities and themes
I thought this was an accident.
Then Esther summoned Hathach from the king's eunuchs, whom the king had appointed to attend her, and ordered him to go to Mordecai to learn what this was and why it was
Sometimes the transplant works well enough, but it does not address the central problem: What is the nature of the information conveyed between each level, and how is it conveyed?
Shandong lining bearing factory located along the canal, historical and cultural city is clear.
Gender equality policies and action plans indicate the commitment of top management within an organization to gender equality.
Sr Valuation Offr (Disposal)1
[For action -- E/ICEF/2006/14]
Despite significant achievements, many challenges remained, particularly with respect to poverty.
Principal business strategies under this corporate strategy are:(1) Search for opportunities to invest in mines, and through strategic alliances, set up investment partner relationships with businesses related to semi-finished steel products.
International Organization for Migration
How to Support the Development of Non - State - Owned Economy by Credit - Cooperatives?
Donor: European Commission
After two reminders failed to elicit a response, the Special Rapporteur held consultations with the State party during the Committee's eighty-first session.
Kirenga River
At the end of indicator of achievement (c) (iv), add the words ", and to insure the social rehabilitation of offenders".
Between 1997 and 2000, cumulative imports to China will top 700 billion US dollars.
Monthly report of the Secretary-General on Darfur (S/2006/148)
∙ UNDC 1 building
Human Rights in China
Single
In terms of estimated emissions and impact on ozone and climate, the Panel notes in its response to decision XXIII/7 that, while data provided by Parties are incomplete, the sum of all emissions of ozone-depleting substances reported from their use as process agents is 284 metric tonnes.
The maximum surface temperature is a criterion for the application of a sensor, since various maximum values may not be exceeded according to the type of dust.
396. UNFPA notes that it is the responsibility of all supervisors and managers to ensure proper work planning and exercise flexibility so that staff do not lose their leave entitlements.
The island has experienced the emergence of crime, which was formerly foreign to the Territory, albeit from a very low base.
But if you're smart you'll start saving for rainy days because rainy days come to us all."
E/CN.15/2002/L.15/Rev.1
permit persons to access and correct personal data of which they are the data subjects and process any such access/correction requests in a manner permitted or required by law.
On 9 February, the demonstrators, who had not returned to their respective F-FDTL bases since signing the petition, agreed to return to the military base at Metinaro (west of Dili).
The President had prepared meticulously for his journey.
Meanwhile, special home learning curricula have been prepared for children who are shut in their homes because of blood feuds, particularly in northern districts of Albania.
21. Mr. Rosenberg presented on existing marine assessments from the United States side of the North-West Atlantic.
They are represented by Mr. Dragan Prelevic, attorney at law, the Humanitarian Law Center, a non-governmental organization based in Serbia and Montenegro, and the European Roma Rights Center, an NGO based in Hungary.
 Next, the number of non-permanent members of the Council should be increased in such a way as to ensure more balanced and equitable representation.
Since 1998, the Chinese Government has put into operation a system that provides for three guarantees: basic livelihood guarantee for laid-off persons from state-owned enterprises, unemployment insurance guarantee and minimum living standard guarantee for urban residents.
u The Executive Director National Women's Bureau;
The Government should be prepared to commit resources to enable girls to have the same access as boys to schooling.
Violent attacks by FNL on Government forces and innocent civilians, and confrontations between the National Defence Force and FNL continued, especially in some western provinces.
Her clientele, young actresses such as Michelle Trachtenberg and socialites who once favoured the NY-London circuit and now favour the NY-London-Shanghai route, have to pack light.
Could you keep these letters for me, please?
1 General Service (Other level) (Processing Unit Assistant)
His Universal Zulu Nation group performed around New York and inspired other people to fight using words instead of violence.
Article 13 of CAT contains an obligation for States parties to ensure that allegations of torture are examined promptly and impartially, and article 14 obliges States parties to ensure that victims of torture obtain redress and have an enforceable right to fair and adequate compensation, including the means for full rehabilitation as possible.
On the political front, on 18 November, the President appointed nine new ministers and six vice-ministers who had been nominated by the components, thus maintaining the balance established under the agreed power-sharing arrangement.
18 September 2002
129. The case of the designated Irano Hind Shipping Company, as described above, offers a lesson: the activities of designated shipping companies can be hindered more effectively if sanctions include specific measures directly targeting vessels owned or controlled by the companies.
54. At the same time, the Board expressed deep concerns over the institutional obstacles which continued to pose serious hurdles to the Institute's efforts to improve its management and funding difficulties.
J. Gender balance
The company provides Housing Provident Funds, settles for those staffs who have conditions to settle, so as to solve their concerns.
1. The term of office of the members of the Committee elected at the first election shall begin on 1 January 1988.
In some departments almost all staff members received a 1, 2 or 3 rating, while in other departments performance ratings were distributed across all five rating categories.
Rapporteur: Mr. Steven Ssenabulya Nkayivu (Uganda)
No parole shall be granted without going through legal procedure.
The Special Representative welcomes the commitment of the Minister of Justice to tackling this problem.
26. A recorded vote was taken on the draft resolution as a whole, as orally amended.
"Even at these forces, only a few struts of bone might break; these would heal easily, " he said.
A mixed culture (four bacterial strains) and a single strain (HK-3) acting alone released 21% and 35% of the chlorine, respectively, after 48 hours.
Investments
In this regard, it is worth recalling the unprecedented decision of the Tanzanian Government in April 2010 to naturalize more than 162,200 Burundian refugees who had lived in the country since 1972.
Please provide information on the monitoring of the implementation of current measures as well as other measures aimed at eliminating the persistent patriarchal attitudes and deep-rooted stereotypes regarding the roles of women and men in the family and in the society.
100. The SDF, originally called the special development fund for social measures to accompany the devaluation of the CFA franc, addresses primarily the most vulnerable sections of populations.
The teachers won't write a blackboard with chalk.
A current focus of SUHAKAM was the issue of care services and support for caregivers.
Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport
Target group 5: other (potential) users.
(b) Non-recurrent publications: technical guidelines on practical ways, including legislative and other measures, to put into effect law enforcement techniques provided for in the international drug control treaties, especially the 1988 Convention;
Not nearly as satisfactory a source as I would like, but, still, perhaps illustrative enough of these ship's performance.
On 8 August 2006, the Daejeon District Court sentenced him to one and a half years' imprisonment.
Noting again with concern, in spite of the sustained improvement of the overall human rights situation, the persistence of reported human rights and humanitarian law violations against civilians in different parts of the country, including numerous acts of sexual violence, stressing that the perpetrators must be brought to justice, reiterating its firm condemnation of all violations of human rights and international humanitarian law in Côte d'Ivoire, and recalling its resolutions 1325 (2000), 1820 (2008), 1888 (2009) and 1889 (2009) on women, peace and security, its resolutions 1612 (2005) and 1882 (2009) on children and armed conflict and its resolutions 1674 (2006) and 1894 (2009) on the protection of civilians in armed conflicts,
 1. (a) Adoption of the agenda;
No man feel like laughing when he bump his funny bone.
This integrated contact point then decides how to act on the allegedly illicit information.
China called on donor countries having the capacity to do so to continue to contribute generously and to provide humanitarian assistance and rehabilitation aid to countries struck by natural disasters or engaged in post-conflict reconstruction, especially the least developed among them.
He points out that the State party does not contest these facts; nor does it contest the material included in the case file as proof of his deteriorating health, which requires specialist medical care not available in prison.
Two new offices, the Development Policy and Planning Office and the Economic Monitoring and Assessment Unit have been established to implement activities under the subprogramme.
Temporary posts
Meanwhile, ordinary citizens do not notice unless the issue receives significant media attention.
However, an offsetting factor, making it more difficult to provide all services requested, has been an increase in the number of unforeseen or ad hoc requests for meetings not included in the calendar.
Ships visiting the island remain at anchor some distance from the shoreline and visitors are ferried to the island in longboats.
John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.
Other bilateral sources
We say to them: please, let our children go!
 64. The principle purpose of establishing a separate Office of Budget and Management, which will report directly to the Assistant Administrator, BFA, is to give new focus and priority to the need for cost-effectiveness, efficiency, and enhanced accountability.
A residents committee shall manage its own property; no department or unit may infringe upon its right of ownership of property.
Group of people coming down the street and playing music. A bus came nearer
The July 2005 deadline for completing work on special and differential treatment was not met.
Last year Ms. Mbusa hired a lawyer, Gerard Kabemba, who
Cold coiler is used cold roll strap steel unit and acid washing, anneal, cutting, coating of strap steel.
With a different point of view to enjoy the world famous painting "Mona Lisa" from da Vinci's handwriting.
My English is poor.My Chinese is poor. : I am still having a few problem, but I getting better.
Moreover, it would be neither realistic nor appropriate to establish a new organ to protect the common heritage of mankind, since its functions would duplicate those of existing bodies within or outside the United Nations system.
Informal meetings on draft proposals convened by delegations
Deputy Permanent Representative of Finland
It is often polite to refuse an offer of service.
This act he regretted very much.
Algebraic equation
(ii) Holding seminars and exhibitions on the Employment Ordinance and Standard Employment Contract from time to time, sometimes jointly with consulates of the FDH-exporting countries;
If the maritime claimant fails to provide guarantee, the application shall be rejected.
The country has a population growth rate of 3.3 per cent per annum.
Welcoming the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement between the Government of Sudan (GOS) and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement/Army (SPLM/A) in Nairobi, Kenya on 9 January 2005,
4. Annex II to document A/54/695 set out the text of the Regulations together with an explanatory Commentary, which would be issued as an official publication in booklet form.
You call me Tom, will Now Tom began to scrawl something on the slate, hiding the words from the girl
In the health and nutrition sector, greater collaboration among United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations over the past year has led to a streamlining of interventions and improved standardization and quality of service.
Stock Exchanges Outside Hong Kong
UNMIK has improved its budget forecasts and assumptions.
:: Continued engagement with ECOWAS and other countries in the subregion on the management of the Transnational Crime Units
To this end, the Secretariat is proactively conducting workforce planning, improving its recruitment processes, and proposing contract terms and conditions of service that will increase the likelihood of attracting and retaining high-calibre staff.
Vol.I/Add.1 Summary of the National Programme of Action of Angola
Mr. Gert Rosenthal
Improving the human rights situation of people of African descent by devoting special attention to their needs, inter alia through the preparation of specific programmes of action;
Cation golden yellow bismuth dyestuff is synthesized by cation golden yellow and bismuth nitrate.
80. Mr. !Naruseb informed the Commission that, in the north, the Governments of Namibia and Angola had signed an agreement in Luanda on 8 December 2004 which delimited the northern maritime boundary between the two States from the mouth of the Kunene River.
3.1 Assessed contributions
190. In conjunction with the Management Committee of the Special Court, I have launched several appeals to Member States for funding since March 2003, so as to enable the Court to continue its activities beyond this calendar year.
The increased flow of goods, services, capital, ideas and people across international borders has been one of the driving forces of international affairs for the past 30 years.
The aim of the project is to have the new application available in the course of 2006. .
The trade embargo applied to transport operations relating to the carriage of commodities or products to Iraq and Kuwait.
However, if humanitarian emergencies are linked to rehabilitation, recovery and reconstruction and eventually to sustainable development, the magnitude of suffering by famine victims as a result of drought can be lessened.
Hai'an Range
Will be tattered weed of small worth held.
General Assembly
2010/11c
You should ease up on the child and stop scolding her.
 As of 1 May 1995, a single civil servant in the first step of grade A 2 (lower income bracket) receives a monthly pay of DM 2,719 including pro-rata special payments (special allowance, holiday pay).
France*
Within these limitations you are free to do as you choose.
(To caller) Mr. Wood, Im very sorry to have kept you waiting. Ill put you through to Mr. Hunter
This change is brought about by the need to streamline the terms that are currently used for the limit on expenditure in the current FRRs.
Chinaa, b, j
Each indicated line contains a maximum of ONE error
In fact, there still exists a tone of "close-to-panic" reaction in much of the political and legal activity relating to terrorism and, of course equally importantly, on the part of many of the world's people.
56. With regard to a possible United Nations conference on international migration and development, ILO considers that, if it would take place, it should aim to obtain broad consensus on the employment and protection of migrant workers.
The GoN is working out for timely improvements in the policy and legal regimes in the field of rights of PWDs.
19.12 The implementation strategy for the programme will be to enhance national capacity to plan and implement effective policies and programmes, to improve national decision-making on regional and global issues and to incorporate emerging economic and social issues into policies and programmes.
_: communications to and from Governments
After three days in Japan, the spinal column becomes extraordinarily flexible.
The General Assembly,
Malawi called once again on the industrialized countries to fulfil their ODA pledges to developing countries and to facilitate an early resumption and conclusion of the Doha Development Round.
These four avenues are critical to accomplishing that objective.
The legacy of conflict was one of huge direct costs and incalculable indirect costs in human lives; physical infrastructure; social, financial and human capital; and human suffering and loss.
 Voluntary contributions accounted for $900 million of total income (as against $950 million in 1991), while cost-sharing income accounted for $600 million (as against some $200 million in 1991).
The subprogramme will support the design of enabling policy frameworks and economic instruments that promote resource efficiency and sustainable production and consumption. This will be done in the context of national development policies, with the aim to promote the implementation of multilateral environmental agreements.
From this chariot stepped the gifted wife of Sir John Lavery
25-26 October
To protect consumers, governments can follow the practice of developed countries by really strict censorship and supervising laws in regard to advertising as a whole.
For another, it is a pity that sb's awareness of sth is far from satisfactory.
Deep venous thrombosis in a child associated with an abnormal inferior vena cava
9 a.m.-
Chairman: Mr. Balarezo (Peru)
A single private banker looks after only about 50 clients.
United States Men Basketball Squad 2012 Summer Olympics
As observed by the International Council on Human Rights Policy:
We must beseech his forgiveness.
24. Federal Law No. 39 (2006), on international judicial cooperation with regard to criminal matters, covered all aspects of international judicial cooperation.
Leaderships work style is a positive implicit education factor.
Draft resolution (A/57/L.38)
Were the Group to return to Rwanda today, they would find different numbers and different sets of issues for refugee children.
That suggests publishers see in the iPad a chance to wrest back control of digital prices from the e-tailer.
Both leaders envisage a degree of synchronization in the realization of the various benefits that will flow to each side.
Fortieth session
When the requirements are fully met with, and the premises and facilities thereof are considered up to the licensable standard, the applicant will be required to pay the prescribed fee and to subsequently collect the licence
comes by experience.
The American dream does not come to those who fall asleep.
Xi'an love in all walks of life, their real actions, another interpretation of a difficult one, P Plus assistance, the traditional Chinese virtues.
9: Statistics
B. Constitutional, political and legal structure 19
Her hair was tied up with a ribbon.
No, no. I'm from Florida.
International Court of Justice
The Union also plans to provide assistance in the framework of the implementation of resolution 1540 (2004).
Facilitated implementation of national youth policy
30. While the situation in the Temporary Security Zone has remained generally calm and the armed forces of the two parties are cooperating with UNMEE on the ground in a professional manner, I remain concerned about the reports of incidents and accusations of physical attacks on and abduction of local populations on either side of the southern boundary of the Zone.
 The following table summarizes provisions made in the proposed programme budget for 1994-1995 for United Nations conferences.
We have come from the world's South to the General Assembly with a firm belief that revitalizing this global representative forum is essential for international law to become once again a rational instrument for resolving conflicts and facing threats.
Nevertheless, there were still areas where the Department could do better and it was committed to further increasing client satisfaction and delivering services that were faster and more flexible, more cost-efficient and effective, and more accountable and transparent.
Compile and analyse information on implementation of NAPAs for each LDC
Any Western doctor should be happy to suggest such a Chinese dish after childbirth
The Committee is further concerned at the insufficient allocation of human and financial resources to health facilities, in particular in rural areas.
Category (I-VII)
para. 121
You could be found wherever you are so long as you take the mobile phone with you
Bojan Krstevski
The clerk in the shop did me out of ￡ 3 by overcharging me.
I. Introduction
Emergency information and updates can be obtained on the United Nations Headquarters Emergency Information Web site at https://delegateinfo.un.int. The Web site also
National Forestry Corporation (CONAF)
Republic of Korea
There is no chance I could be available for a job at Real Madrid next year.
A 2006 law altered due process guarantees and is applied only to Palestinian suspects, the overwhelming majority of whom are from Gaza, according to Israeli Government sources.
I have rice and miso soup.
She explained that the Panel and the Committee had previously recommended such final campaign production when they had learned that China could supply itself and that a producer located in Spain could supply enough CFCs to satisfy the essential uses of other Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5.
The programme collects information nationally on all persons who have been arrested or suspected of involvement in low-level bank or credit card fraud, or travel document offences.
In my report of 28 June 1994 (S/1994/765), I noted that the further deterioration of the situation in Haiti had substantially changed the circumstances under which the original UNMIH was planned.
20. Invites the High Commissioner to provide States, at their request, with advisory services and technical assistance to enable them to implement fully the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur;
In Sierra Leone, the peace-building process undertaken with the support of the international community has shown some commendable successes -- the gradual drawdown in the United Nations mission troops is being carried out according to agreed criteria.
Scarlatti's descendants will later allow all of his musical manuscripts to disappear but from generation to generation they will jealously preserve the records of his knighthood.
The preparation and status of work conducted under national demining programs
Working Group on the Right to Development
Additionally, there were two unexpected resignations during the period.
States parties have the responsibility to ensure that legislation and executive action and policy comply with these three obligations.
12. Equatorial Guinea
Antanambao-Manampotsy
Christina Lee
What is that black and blue area on your leg?
China’s New Digital Dividend
 Lack of knowledge of the latest non-polluting technologies, lack of management know-how and lack of capital resources to put in place pollution reduction systems often result in small enterprises being among the worst polluters.
:His wages are : At that time Professor en was teaching physics in a technical college at a small salary
secondly, certain rare wild animals that are going to be extinct should be collected, fed and reproduced artificially.
Jordan: National Centre for Human Rights
(d) How can we ensure that the shift to more sustainable patterns of consumption and production also contributes to poverty eradication and social progress?
That was a deplorable incident indeed, and we continue to be seriously disturbed by the tragic events which have resulted since then in further loss of life with no apparent end to the crisis.
Dialogue 1: 11: Oh, so the zoo is over there.
Smith said the crimson anthocyanin protects the delicate mechanisms that allow the tree to extract all the nutrients from its leaves.
In 1997, three simulation exercises had been carried out, in Brazil, El Salvador and Zimbabwe.
This latest escalation in Hizbullah attacks confirms that the terrorist organization, and its sponsoring States, continue to seek to destabilize the region, despite Israel's withdrawal from South Lebanon over three years ago, in full and confirmed compliance with Security Council resolution 425 (1978).
"Just when you think you know what's happening here, that's when you're in danger, " he says.
Writing Love Letters in private is also healthy because it provides a time for you to give to yourself without depending on anyone else.
Article 7 These provisions apply to the proportion of registered capital and total amount of investment of the enterprises that are invested and established by companies and enterprises of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan and other economic organizations or individuals.
He said the evolution of the "pay-per-click" economy has put the emphasis on reader traffic and financial return, not journalism.
Bo-Bo-Bo locomotives
(b) To reflect upon existing agreed global environmental goals and current efforts to meet them;
6. Draft article 6
4. Adoption of the Rules of Procedure.
In effect, this measure excludes Hamas supporters or affiliates from public sector employment.
They developed a new technique.
Symbol Main title
During the years 2000-2003 the activity related to professional orientation of population has been accelerated. Also, the Sate Service for use of human resources increased measures on preventing unemployment among graduates of general and secondary education institutions.
However, a recent suggestion by MICIVIH to set up a commission to study these long outstanding cases, some of which have a political dimension, and to make recommendations to resolve them, has been adopted by the Minister of Justice.
's hand  read sb. 's palm  ready to (one's) hand  right hand  right hand of fellowship  rule with a heavy hand  rule with a high hand
2. Within six months the State party concerned shall submit to the Committee written explanations or statements that shall relate both to the communication's admissibility and its merits as well as to any remedy that may have been provided in the matter, unless the Committee, working group or special rapporteur has decided, because of the exceptional nature of the case, to request a written reply that relates only to the question of admissibility.
This set of actions, which, taken together, reflect the concept of results-based management, obviously requires a closer, technical review at the expert level.
"3. Also requests the Executive Secretary, bearing in mind the goal of maximizing the impact of the United Nations in the field of economic and social development in the Asian and Pacific region, to reorganize the secretariat so as to enhance its capability to service the subsidiary structure of the Commission;
At the Committee's twenty-first meeting, the secretariat presented progress reports on preparations for the third session of the World Urban Forum; on the implementation of the recommendations of the Office of Internal Oversight Services; and on the preparations for the twenty-first session of the Governing Council of UN-Habitat.
5.1 On 21 January 2005, the author affirmed that in most aspects, the information of the State party does not correspond to reality.
In my consultations, most intervening delegations stressed the need for the Meeting to produce a concrete outcome.
It was suggested that UN-SPIDER continue to provide such information through its knowledge portal during major disasters.
The Conference of the Parties welcomed decision SC-1/18 of the Conference of the Parties to the Stockholm Convention calling on its secretariat to prepare, in consultation with other relevant secretariats and UNEP, a study on improving cooperation and synergies, including through common structures, for the secretariats of the Basel Convention, the Rotterdam Convention and the Stockholm Convention, with a view to ensuring maximum coherence, efficiency and effectiveness in the field of chemicals and wastes, and requested the secretariat of the Rotterdam Convention to participate in this work by contributing to the study on cooperation and synergies with the Basel and Stockholm Convention secretariats.
I am Sunfang coming for an interview.
:: To elaborate specific programmes and actions designed to fulfil Uzbekistan's commitments deriving from the ILO conventions;
The Special Rapporteur recommends an increase of 30 per cent in budget spending on education, from 4 to 6 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP).
Addendum
21 January 2010
30. MINUSMA will continue to cooperate with a number of regional bodies and international organizations, including the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the European Union to support dialogue to assist Malian-led reconciliation efforts and socioeconomic development with other Member States within the region.
A regard for the requester would often make one readily yield to a request without waiting for arguments to reason one into it.
1. A State Party to the Covenant that becomes a Party to the present Protocol recognizes the competence of the Committee to receive and consider communications as provided for by the provisions of the present Protocol.
36. The Secretariat informed the Committee about the status of submission of overdue reports by States parties under article 18 of the Convention.
This will present serious problems for forestry, including the question of radiation safety of workers.
I apologized to all patients and reached a settlement.
The Tribunal continues to assist Rwandan authorities in their efforts at putting in place effective legal arrangements to meet the conditions for transfer of cases as already established by the Appeals Chamber.
3 meetings in Jonglei State with the Peacebuilding Working Group, Returns Working Group and State Disaster Management Committee, on awareness of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and conflict resolution
Southern Sudanese refugees returned home in significant numbers, with over 35,600 individuals having departed since the repatriation operation started in 2006.
South-south cooperation and triangular cooperation play an important role in policy dialogue, knowledge sharing and the dissemination of best practices in all areas of housing and urban development and should be strengthened in the future.
Accordingly, and in the absence of any satisfactory explanations by the State party, the Committee concludes that the author's rights under article 9, paragraph 4, of the Covenant were violated.
In conclusion I express my hope that the numerous difficulties, however daunting, will not deter the drive towards peace.
H. International Security Assistance Force
In relation to the issue of disclosure, the accused filed a motion on 26 March 2004, in which he requested copies of all statements of all witnesses in all cases before the Tribunal who have mentioned the accused.
Russia’s conflict with the Islamic State, the argument goes, has aligned the country’s interests with those of the West.
At Headquarters, four professional officers in the Peace and Security Section, nested within the Promotion and Planning Service of the Public Affairs Division in DPI, are responsible for producing publications, developing and updating web site content on peace operations, and dealing with other issues ranging from disarmament to humanitarian assistance.
in accordance with the requirements of construction of permanent and temporary plugging plugging.
The Administration considered that with further efforts the amount of unpaid pledges was likely to be reduced substantially.
[Developed country Parties shall not resort to any form of unilateral measures including tariff and non-tariff, and other fiscal and non-fiscal border trade measures, against goods and services imported from developing country Parties, on any grounds related to climate change.
She engaged a carpenter to repair the sofa the table.
Delegations wishing to make statements available for the media are kindly requested to deliver 50 copies to the Media Documents Centre (e-mail mdc@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-7166; room SA-1B12).
Importing countries are lowering their tariffs.
Item 2(a) of the provisional agenda
Finally, the feasibility and validity of the proposed method are illustrated by a practical example, The approach enriches the existing methods and has practical application value.
It never occurs to me that he may tell a lie.
In the third sentence, the figure US$ 14.7 should read US$ 14.7 billion
Many in the City arrived in Britain to complete their education and training and now work for London-based companies.
The crediting period;
I fail her over And over And over.
Round, rectangular, square, or other profiles;
Doll
Total (I and II)
Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the guidance of Marxism-Leninism and Mao Zedong Thought, the Chinese people of all nationalities will continue to adhere to the people's democratic dictatorship and the socialist road, steadily improve socialist institutions, develop socialist democracy, improve the socialist legal system, and work hard and self-reliantly to modernize the country's industry, agriculture, national defence and science and technology step by step to turn China into a socialist country with a high level of culture and democracy.
In that connection, she recalled that the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism, contained in General Assembly resolution 49/60, stated that acts intended to provoke a state of terror were in any circumstance unjustifiable, whatever the considerations that might be invoked to justify them.
I don't want clever conversation, I never want to work that hard.
The technical cooperation pillar of the IAEA should be strengthened and should receive the resources it needs on an unconditional basis, in accordance with its priority.
The Permanent Mission of Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Chairman of the Committee and, in accordance with paragraph 22 of Security Council resolution 1874 (2009) and in response to the note verbale dated 29 June 2009, has the honour to enclose herewith Ireland''s Report on Domestic Implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1718 (2006) and 1874 (2009) (see annex).
He has always demonstrated patience, wisdom and perseverance, for which I thank him.
Moreover, these latest Israeli airstrikes injured at least a dozen other Palestinians, some of whom were critically wounded.
Introduction
(a) Draft resolution (A/54/L.18)
The Inca had no system of hieroglyphic writing, as the Maya did, and any portraits that Inca artists may have made of their rulers were lost.
7. The International Labour Organization (ILO) Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations expressed its regret that the Government had not replied to its previous observations.
The Hague
Many young people end up in a job to which they are not suited.
Civil society had contributed positively in this regard.
In addition, in the body of the Convention, as well as in the annexes, which are part and parcel of the Convention, the idea of partnership is given pride of place, as is coordination of scientific and technological cooperation.
It was argued that a declaration: (a) would provide a more rapid, yet authoritative, response to the need for clear guidelines on the subject, without precluding the subsequent elaboration of a convention; Ibid., comments by Finland (on behalf of the Nordic countries). (b) could address a broader spectrum of issues than a convention establishing strict obligations for States; Ibid., comments by the Czech Republic. and (c) if adopted by consensus, might have greater authority than a convention ratified by a small number of States.
In particular, it had reiterated the need for full cooperation by OIC member States in assisting the refugees in their plight and had called upon member States to prevent conflicts likely to trigger a refugee exodus.
The index system of performance evaluation is obtained. The mathematical model of performance evaluation is proposed based on extenics.
 The Bank also relaxed many of the requirements and targets of structural adjustment programmes in the region.
In Romania, specific legislation requires the Ministry of Health, in collaboration with local governments and service providers, to monitor water quality and report cases of non-compliance to the relevant authorities and to the public.
Offering the best way to obliterate meaningless verbosity, Beer said: "Thinking before you write is the main thing and then re-reading what you have written.
A comprehensive review of activities and resources allocated to climate change within the United Nations system
A team of researchers has created conditions analogous to those found outside of a black hole by blasting a plastic pellet with high-energy laser beams.
29. In Rwanda, the Group held a meeting with the Government's focal point on 16 January 2008.
She was but just the fourth.
230. Yes, I got dressed and had breakfast.
That country included 35 national minorities
Previously, access to emergency funding was only allowed for commercial banks such as Citigroup and JPMorgan.
Peacekeeping operations
(d) Invite the Executive Secretary to continue to report to it on the work of the Conference.
V. ISSUES OF SPECIAL CONCERN TO THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR
 * The report of the Committee on this agenda item will be issued in several parts, under the symbol A/49/728 and addenda.
 11. The economy of Pitcairn is based on subsistence fishing and gardening and the sale of handicrafts and postage stamps.
6. Right to work and to just and favourable conditions of work
Khalifa Ben Fekih
The ML of the senior grades of primary school who often discussed with their parents was significant higher than those pupils who never discussed with their parents when they watched TV.
Authorities have told her not to attempt to take back the children forcibly.
21. Recognizes the importance of the development of safe and cost-effective vaccines and new medicines to prevent and treat malaria and the need for further and accelerated research, including into safe, effective and high-quality traditional therapies, using rigorous standards, including by providing support to the Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases and through effective global partnerships, such as the various malaria vaccine initiatives and the Medicines for Malaria Venture, where necessary stimulated by new incentives to secure their development and through effective and timely support towards pre-qualification of new antimalarials and their combinations;
On 25 August 2003, one (1) Turkish military aircraft of unknown type took off from the illegal airport of Lefkoniko in the occupied part of Cyprus, violating international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Mesaoria, before exiting towards the FIR of Ankara.
Isak Hudes. Hudes, Isak.
CCAQ was appreciative of the information provided by the ICSC secretariat, which showed that there could be no logical justification for reducing either the margin or any other entitlements related to expatriation as a result of ongoing service.
The greatest weakness that I have is that I am always a perfectionist.
I can handle Bud White.
The contract for construction projects embodies the compulsory relationship.
(c) Encourage ratifying States to continue the practice of selecting coordinators to promote cooperation, through informal consultations with all interested countries, aimed at promoting further signatures and ratifications;
 UNPROFOR has been proceeding with its plans on that basis.
Chin Fong Products
(a) How the green economy can address current and future global economic challenges in a world of resources scarcity;
The complainant was not the subject of any national or international arrest warrant, nor a request for extradition.
As the nest-builders chew soilpellets into a cement-like paste, their saliva adds a chemical which, for just a few minutes, can be "smelled" by other builders over adistance of a centimetre or so.
Kim Collins
:: Mr. Klaus-Dietrich FRITSCHE, State Secretary
Debit cards have been the primary type of bank card in the PRC.
To make primary education compulsory and available free for all, particularly children, indicating the minimum age for enrolment in primary school, the minimum and maximum ages for compulsory education, the proportion of children enrolled, who complete primary education, as well as any relevant disaggregated data including by age, gender, region, urban/rural area, national, social and ethnic origin, service coverage and budgetary allocation;
Judging Globalization in a Post-Iraq War Era Ferguson, James Ferguson, James. "Global Disconnect.
Secondly, the arguments that the TPLF regime has been raising are not substantive.
Prices are rising to limit demand growth and to find new supply.
The State party's failure to protect her rights, to investigate in good faith the violations of her rights and to prosecute and punish those held responsible for her disappearance is said to be contrary to article 2, paragraphs 1 and 3, of the Covenant.
Matters calling for action by or brought to the attention of the General Assembly
Nchelenge District
It's bore to little children having to go to school every day.
The sculpted stone bathtub sits at the edge of the cantilevered box overlooking the pool and garden below.
Exit strategies are implemented in a transparent way and in close consultation with all partners concerned, taking into account local conditions.
To best accomplish its objectives as stipulated in its charter, the Treaty of Izmir, the Economic Cooperation Organization is seeking to establish cooperative linkages with various international organizations.
a. Write out the decision box that combines the letter grade and the amount of fun you have into a single payoff for each outcome.
The advisory committee for the elderly of the state of Hamburg, Germany, will organize a meeting in October 1988 to analyse the results of interviews with foreign residents from six countries.
Consider the report on the assessment of funding needs for Parties that are developing countries or countries with economies in transition to implement the Convention over the period
87. The Special Committee notes the establishment of a strategic military cell as an ad hoc mechanism to provide military strategic guidance for the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL).
"You guys are obsessed! Stop! I'm tired!" I said.
He noted that in-kind and not-in-kind alternatives have replaced 90% of solvent uses of ozone depleting substances, and that remaining ozone depleting substance solvent uses are now mainly found in parties operating under Article 5.
Suriname 31 March 1998
Plansee
Besides inputs from the secretariats through interviews and replies to a questionnaire, useful information was gathered from attending two conferences on OSS, in September and November 2004, sponsored respectively by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and by the Dutch Presidency of the European Union.
Summary table 3 presents an overview by region of the use of resources for programme and programme support.
First, the Project has been permanently abandoned, and the reality is that Enka will never have to replace this equipment.
Stage machinery industry is emerging and in rapid growth in China.
However, market rules cannot be the sole principle governing not only the economy, but also social life and international relations.
There are also other mistakes that should be avoided at all costs
31. The number of combatants disarmed during the formal disarmament and demobilization process was 101,495, including 22,370 women, 8,523 boys and 2,440 girls.
2.1 Summary of the effects of the embargo on some of the sectors experiencing the greatest social impact
The General Assembly,
23. It was cautioned that those who would have an influence on these processes were not necessarily inclined to ensure the participation of women.
Learn how to perform cross fiber friction to the forearms in carpal tunnel massage with expert massage tips in this free massage therapy video clip.
2. Reiterates its condemnation in the strongest terms of attacks in situations of armed conflict directed against civilians as such and other protected persons or objects as well as indiscriminate or disproportionate attacks and the utilization of the presence of civilians to render certain points, areas or military forces immune from military operations, as flagrant violations of international humanitarian law, and demands that all parties immediately put an end to such practices;
:: HIV sensitization programme for all Force personnel, including peer education
I haven't finished with Ann yet.
You are about to open a file thata non - standard extension .
Why have we allowed that to happen?
Cost-cutting and productivity gains are thus welcome, but should not be sought for their own sake.
The specific bridges to be repaired, the length of the bridge and the unit cost are shown below.
A rhythmic pattern in which the stress falls on the last syllable of each foot, as in.
In a pernicious recent example, Venezuela’s President Nicolás Maduro, in a nationally televised speech, ordered the country’s attorney-general and public prosecutor to take “action” against the Harvard economist Ricardo Hausmann for daring to ask, “Should Venezuela Default?”
He won't be home tonight, but she keeps hopin'
Dark clouds were flying low across the sky.
5. Adoption of resolutions.
Mr. Samvel Grigoryan
The action plan was to determine which countries needed assistance for naming authorities, to prioritize those countries and determine how to implement the plan.
With regard to overall project contracting, the construction of the main structure of the project shall be completed by the overall contracting units.
The absence of such consent is an important element of immunity.
Being a parent is a tall order. It takes patience, love, wisdom, courage and a good sense of humor to raise children (and not lose your sanity)
C. Victim Assistance
These amounts are based on the proportions detailed in the report of the Secretary-General (A/62/510/Rev.1), and the Secretary-General's first progress report (A/64/380).
Australia
88. There was general agreement within the Working Group on the importance of the topics under consideration and the usefulness of examining possible electronic substitutes or alternatives for paper-based documents of title and other forms of dematerialized instruments that represented or incorporated rights in tangible goods or rights having monetary value.
Value may be harder to see in Brics' bonds, with spreads over US Treasuries having tumbled from 748 to 219 basis points in Brazil and from 1172 to 112 points in Russia so far this decade.
Small Demonstration Satellite 1 (SDS-1)
Following the disaster caused by the tsunami, we now painfully face a dilemma.
Dad has a blind spot about opera; he cant see anything goodaboutit.
(e) To analyse the connection between culture and development and the elimination of poverty in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006), as recommended in the Action Plan;
Reclassifications 59. The Secretary-General is proposing a total of 14 reclassifications, as follows:
The strong growth of world trade has been bolstered by broad-based import demand across a majority of economies.
Voice:
The judge's decision sets a precedent for future cases of contempt of court.
http://treaties.un.org
The author maintains that discrimination against women has only been partially corrected through legislation.
(b) Correspondence files;
This high magnification of the atheroma shows numerous foam cells and an occasional cholesterol cleft.
He explained his refusal to bear arms as a conscientious objector during the police and prosecutor's investigation.
Explaining why he shaved his mustache after the Mets' 2007 season-ending collapse: I tried to cut my throat, but I aimed too high.
Of the 44 recommendations for which target dates have been set, 15 are for implementation by the end of 2010, 23 by the end of 2011 and 6 are to be implemented after 31 December 2011.
Suffice it to say that Miss, Miss Kruczynski was not happy, and she wanted to move on.
3. RuFamSo began in 1986 as a project addressing the specific needs of teenage mothers. By 1996, it had evolved into a full-fledged NGO offering four distinct and complementary programmes.
Contents
Perhaps he might have felt that way
The claim is for the alleged loss of furniture, and office, kitchen and consumer electronics equipment that was abandoned when Anice's staff departed Iraq.
Subsequently, a number of delegations expressed the view that the statement should be delivered by one of its authors.
10. Princess Masako of Japan
14. The following documents were prepared for the seventeenth session of the Working Group:
I am the poor white, fooled and pushed apart.
Letter dated 1 April 2014 from the Permanent Representative of Nigeria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (S/2014/238).
Tungsten ( or wolfram ) : Metallic chemical element, of the transition elements, chemical symbol W, atomic number 74.
They had many talks with the native. the guide as interpreter.
Tursi
You go through an amazing succession of episodes, and for me, it's this choreography and experience of this that is really the most exciting and original part of this project.
Continuing to make available financial resources from all sources, including new and additional resources on an adequate and predictable basis and technical or other resources and facilitating and financing access to and transfer of environmentally sound technologies on favourable terms, including concessional and preferential terms, as mutually agreed, and supporting LDCs' efforts in environmental protection in the context of sustainable development;
Inquired miss blimber looking hard at him through the spectacles.
My delegation laments the direction that the intergovernmental negotiations are taking.
The Council also expressed satisfaction at the adoption of Security Council resolution 1154 (1998) as embodying the collective international resolve that Iraq must comply with the agreement reached.
The development of this network to include a tele-medicine network has reached an advanced stage, thus giving patients access to a better medical service in the forefront of progress.
And I was as pleased as punch.
They were charging us by volume rather than by weight.
 Concerned at the serious and continuing underrepresentation of women in the Secretariat, particularly at the higher decision-making levels,
She noted that the subsidiary bodies would be convened with the aim of developing, before their sessions ended on 12 December, draft decisions and conclusions for submission to the CMP.
(a) Ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
15.2. States Parties shall accord to women, in civil matters, a legal capacity identical to that of men and the same opportunities to exercise that capacity.
This advancement has enabled complex designs to be integrated onto a single chip.
2. (a) Any other unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question owed to Governments for goods supplied and services rendered, as well as other obligations owed to Governments, for which required claims have not yet been received shall remain valid for an additional period of four years following the end of the twelve-month period provided for in financial regulation 4.3;
Consequently, and in the light of the fact that Article 24 already covers the establishment of subsidiary bodies, I have not included Article 25 bis in my draft text.
'None of you shall approach any blood relative of his to uncover nakedness; I am the Lord
Industry: Alcohol; Hydrochloric acid; Mercaptan; Single alcohol; Common organic reagent; General inorganic reagent;
(a) The absence of empirical information systems in the host authorities, as well as limited access to available information, resulting in difficulty in identifying labour market needs;
The General Assembly will hold the election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council, under sub-item (a) of item 113 of the agenda, on Friday, 21 October 2011, at 10 a.m. Other changes in the schedule of plenary meetings will be reflected
Data collection on police activities.
I. Key objectives of an effective and efficient secured transactions law
432. The second, more specific issue, concerned the linkage between countermeasures in Part Two and dispute settlement.
23. In its report, the Panel makes a number of recommendations regarding NGO accreditation.
Since such crimes were considered taboo, a victim might well hesitate to report them even within the family.
Jean Valjean grasped her, put her on his back, took her two tiny hands in his large left hand, lay down flat on his stomach and crawled along on top of the wall as far as the cant.
International staff
Letter dated 24 June 2005 from the Chairman of the Committee on Contributions addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Wang Huayong
Palate fusion involves the formation and subsequent degeneration of the medial edge epithelial seam.
By the end of 2013, close to 1.7 million people had received food assistance and agricultural inputs (seeds, fertilizers and farm implements); 528,000 children under the age of 5 had benefited from nutrition interventions; access to primary and secondary health services had been provided to almost 2 million people; 790,000 people had been assisted with access to sustainable safe water; 576,000 school children had been reached with education services; and 347,000 internally displaced persons had received emergency assistance packages.
6.3.5.3.6.1 Fibreboard - Water spray test
While neither legal act prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability or invalidity, it does not mean that discrimination is allowed.
In other transactions, possession of the asset is delivered to the purchaser under a "promise of sale" or an "option to purchase".
The ILO chaired the ACC Task Force on Full Employment and Sustainable Livelihoods, the main output of which was a synthesis report focusing on individual country employment reviews to identify the main lessons from their pursuit of full employment and sustainable livelihoods and explore whether these lessons can be replicated in other countries.
"But if any one should come here"--
 14. The withdrawal of the remaining staff of the other civilian components is also proceeding with a view to concluding UNTAC's operational activities by the formal end of its mandate.
This work programme will have to be adapted according to the implementation of Security Council resolution 1535 (2004).
She took the kid out, and it told her that the wolf had come and had eaten all the others.
The video, posted four days before the election, was watched more than 400,000 times.
Financial services relating to peacekeeping operations
The ASAS organizes intensive group activities to inform young substance abusers of the harmful effects of drugs, to help them develop "life skills" to resist temptations to substance abuse and to develop a healthy lifestyle.
71.85. Take all measures necessary to ensure that the forthcoming elections are peaceful, free and fair, while fully guaranteeing the right to take part in the conduct of public affairs and the right to vote (Republic of Korea);
Islamic finance is one avenue with immense potential to shape developments in the Arab region and other developing countries.
Wang Dong
Victoria base, come in.
Accordingly, even if article 6 might be interpreted to require the possibility of judicial review of a decision not to bring a criminal prosecution in a particular case alleging racial discrimination, the Committee refers to the State party's statement that it is open, under national law, judicially to challenge a prosecutor's decision.
And maybe you'd won again next year, alright?
14. The second day of the programme was devoted to an in-depth and specialized discussion on the development of regional human rights mechanisms in Asia and the Pacific and in other parts of the world.
La Morte
The next morning, mud was all over the stairs from where the roof had leaked, and walls had been knocked down where they kept the cows.
16. The right to freedom of thought, conscience, religion or belief also includes the freedom to train, appoint, elect or designate by succession appropriate leaders.
I'm sorry. Who am I talking to?
All this has proved extremely detrimental to the protection of cultural relics.
But more emphasis should be given to measures aimed at preventing BTWC violations.
Furthermore, in light of the issues discussed in its report, OIOS questions whether the Institute is capable of being viable and self-sustaining in the long term.
- efforts to combat impunity;
17. In the Turks and Caicos Islands, UNICEF has similarly trained journalists on social policy; supported the aforementioned DevInfo initiative; undertaken the mapping of, attitudes to, and opinions on child sexual abuse; engaged in discussions for the development of health and family life education; undertaken assessments of the early childhood development sector; trained practitioners in that sector; conducted parent education; and provided public educational materials.
He claims to be innocent and that he did not go home on the night of 2930 August 1985, but that he stayed at Mineral Heights.
Furthermore, the Smart Promotion Network eFlash, periodically sent to members of the World Investment Network mailing list, and the Investment Promotion Agencies Observer series continued to deliver updates on current issues concerning investment promotion agencies.
A/60/PV.62
Four must strengthen the public opinion guidance and the propaganda work.
67. In Trinidad and Tobago, the Government had had to take measures to prevent the drug barons from endangering the country’s sovereignty and to ensure the population’s safety.
(a) Parliamentary documentation: report to the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Comparative Experiences with Privatization (1994); and reports to the Trade and Development Board on the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group (1994);
A "best-in-class" performance management model was developed and implemented in Contingent-owned Equipment and Property Management Section and in all field missions.
The competent authorities shall take appropriate action that may be necessary to ensure that the Tribunal shall not be dispossessed of all or any part of the premises of the Tribunal without its express consent.
157. The co-facilitators encourage the Secretary-General to consider the various avenues through which this support can be expressed.
Their chief use for delight, is in privateness and retiring; for ornament, is in discourse; and for ability, is in the judgement and disposition of business.
At any point in time in your game you need to be able to transition from the idle animation into the walk cycle and vice versa.
 The International Law Association, which adopted the Helsinki Rules on the Uses of the Waters of International Rivers at its Fifty-second Conference, held in Helsinki in 1966, also adopted a resolution on international groundwater resources at its Sixty-second Conference, held in Seoul in 1986.
The objectives of the National Space Programme are as follows:
Don't jump on the bush piles they are ice-coated and slippery
(b) The awareness-raising plan should provide for:
OAI management and support
Now all that remains is for me to give everything to my new club.
Ukraine
This example uses two DIV elements to align two sections of text differently.
5. At the time the third "Rio convention", the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD), entered into force, concern about overlaps and awareness of potential synergies in the implementation of the three Rio conventions (Convention on Biodiversity (CBD), United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), and UNCCD) as well as other related environmental conventions (e.g. Ramsar Convention) and agreements (e.g. the Forest Principles) has been developing (UNDP 1998).
Establishment of a staff pension committee within the Tribunal
The unintentional formation of impurities such as dioxins and furans during PCP manufacture should already be addressed by the inclusion of these substances in Annex C (unintentional releases).
Look, I just did it, Who cares?
In any case, persons belonging to new minorities are entitled to set up their own private educational institutions allowing for the teaching of and instruction in their mother tongue.
You also expressed appreciation for the pivotal role UNHCR played in the contingency and preparedness efforts in Iraq, and the need to address the protection of returning refugees in the transition period.
Recognizing also that sixteen of the landlocked developing countries are also classified by the United Nations as least developed countries and that their geographical situation is an added constraint on their overall ability to cope with the challenges of development,
20. Support by the United Nations system of the efforts of Governments to promote and consolidate new or restored democracies
The Committee is concerned at reports of the alleged use of a forced assimilation policy of "Turkmenisation", which seriously reduces opportunities for ethnic minorities in the fields of employment, education and political life (arts. 25, 26 and 27).
It is very exciting to make a new discovery.
Infrared Ear Thermometers Calibrators
Colombia: proposed draft of the United Nations Convention against Corruption
Since its founding in 1987, IFES has worked in more than 100 countries.
The main consideration of the names took place in capitals, often involving bilateral or multilateral consultations between Committee members, but always outside Committee meetings.
United Nations regional centres for peace and disarmament
P.S. I will always love yo
27 January - 7 February 2014
Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for the Management of UNEP/GEF National Adaptation Programme of Action for Least Developed Countries
They stated that the Syrian authorities had no information about 3 of the cases.
Therefore, the experts who are more likely to steer us in the right direction are the ones who acknowledge that.
Importance of monitoring
This number decreased over the years.
That commitment by China is an important step forward, and the international community expects China to live up to its pledge to act responsibly in outer space.
66. Forty-eight States have reported that they have legislation in place that provides for licensing or registration requirements for hazardous biological agents and indicated that they have specific laws and regulations addressing different safety and security concerns, including regulations requiring reliability checks of all personnel working with sensitive biological materials.
Primary inputs will be distributed from Logistics Hubs in Kinshasa and Entebbe while support for the Offices outside the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Kigali, Pretoria and Kampala) will be sourced locally, with additional requirements being drawn from the MONUC Democratic Republic of the Congo support structure.
Vesconte Point
Addendum
Recalling section II of its resolution 60/283, its resolutions 63/262, 63/269 of 7 April 2009 and 64/243, section XVII of its resolution 65/259, its resolution 66/246 and section I of its resolution 67/254 A of 12 April 2013,
The Committee found that, even though the State party is not competent to remove the authors' names from the United Nations and European lists, it is responsible for the presence of the authors' names on those lists and for the resulting travel ban.
S/2009/112
Why should I ask the bartender to get me a drink?
The contaminated water has directly affected soil, crops and food, he added.
2. How many copies of statements are needed for distribution in the General Assembly Hall?
2. However, in the face of the preceding challenges, the United Nations is not optimally configured.
In draft resolution A/C.4/64/L.18 on Israeli practices affecting the human rights of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, she reviewed the applicable international legal provisions cited in the preamble, highlighted the seventeenth, nineteenth and twenty-first preambular paragraphs detailing Israel's ongoing, systematic violations and the deteriorating situation in the Gaza Strip in the aftermath of its recent military operation there, and made particular reference to paragraphs 1, 2, and 6 to 10.
These insects are very difficult to eradicate.
If anyone is “pushing down on the Italian growth brake” it is Berlusconi himself.
South Africa is a country committed to working towards a better world for all in which all nations, no matter how large or small, coexist peacefully.
For the second phase, UNICEF sent 5,000 kits from Copenhagen.
The sailor has two "Celtic" tattoos on his upper arms – not very Greenpeace.
Thursday, 28 October 2010, from 4.30 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
The Money-Laundering Act deals with it under the following articles:
For you have heard of my former manner of life in Judaism, how I used to persecute the church of God beyond measure and tried to destroy it;
I got the highest mark on the  mid  - term examination!
Listing of chemicals in Annex III of the Rotterdam Convention:
A slender rod with pointed ends; usually used in pairs.
Finance reviews: review of demand for and availability of finance for all levels of housing supply, from industries of construction materials and components, new land subdivisions and the introduction of infrastructure, to the individual house or dwelling purchase, construction, extensions and renewals;,
Friday, 14 December 2001
(Exhibition period: 2008.08.22 - 10.26)
5. Ethiopia has been playing an active role in the promotion of regional and international peace and security as well as in the strengthening of the rule of law and good governance and the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms at the national level.
The continued incursion of unauthorized armed elements into the Abyei Area continued to be a cause for concern.
I'm not sure yet.
9. Draft resolution A/C.3/66/L.19/Rev.1 was adopted.
Perpetrators must be brought to justice, and potential perpetrators must be deterred.
How do I start it
2 See World Commission on the Social Dimension of Globalization, A Fair Globalization: Creating Opportunities for All (Geneva, International Labour Office, 2004).
(11) Paragraph 4 concerns aliens who have been unlawfully present in the territory of the expelling State for less than six months.
That consideration would be based upon document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.76/Add.1 and should take into account issues of postcommencement and post-application finance, as well as cross-border protocols.
Selected country macroeconomic indicators, 2003-2010
A. Firearms, ammunition and explosives
In 1992/93, a mobile health—recovery programme was implemented in northern Saskatchewan in cooperation with the Northern Region of Saskatchewan Alcohol and Drug Abuse Commission.
Disused tires tured or wrapped up to avoid water accumulation
The present document aims to review the progress of the Madrid Plan of Action in the Asian and Pacific region as part of a framework to improve the quality of life of older persons.
Article 38 of the Criminal Code states that the age limited to face criminal charges is from 18 years old and upward.
At last Phil broke the silence.
94. Human Rights Education lessons are prescribed in basic education curriculum and taught in all basic education schools.
Combustion
(b) Enhance the participation of developing States in regional fisheries management organizations, including through facilitating access to fisheries for straddling fish stocks and highly migratory fish stocks, in accordance with article 25, paragraph 1(b), of the Agreement, taking into account the need to ensure that such access benefits the States concerned and their nationals;
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
Ambassador
(d) The multilateral dimension
A faint blush overspread her face.
Finally, in a year in which the Democrats are certain to increase their majority in both houses of Congress, an Obama victory would offer the Democrats control of both the legislative and executive branches for the first time since 1994, and with it the possibility of legislative achievement after years of stalemate.
my best friend, who is Mormon, has gone on a year and a half mission
(a) Artificial turf
2. At its 19th plenary meeting, on 20 September 2002, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the First Committee.
Noting the United Nations Millennium Declaration in which it is resolved that children everywhere, boys and girls alike, will be able to complete a full course of primary schooling and that girls and boys will have equal access to all levels of education by 2015,
Recommendation Tables 1 UNICEF support to the Millennium agenda: International goals and contributing MTSP focus areas
It would clearly be preferable not to consider them here again.
None of the choices are correct.
The Committee is especially concerned at the restrictive family reunification practices, which mostly affect women, such as DNA tests, which have been found to be discriminatory by HALDE, and language proficiency tests and tests relating to knowledge of the values of the Republic.
(Signed) Christian B. Dietrich
Japan and UNIDO had a productive synergy in various areas of development cooperation.
Between 1850 and 2150 hours occupying Israeli forces and the proxy militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells, 120-mm mortar shells and direct-fire rounds and directed bursts of medium-weapons fire at outlying areas of Shaqra, Majdal Zun and Bfarwah, at Jabal Safi and at the area around Sujud hill, Ksarat al-Urush and Jabal al-Rafi` from the positions at the Mays al-Jabal checkpoint, Ksarat al-Urush, Sujud hill, Razlan hill and Zafatah.
Apportionment: $1,119,000; estimate: $1,185,600; variance: $66,600
F. Recommendation for Industrogradnja 182 42
For all my effort to enlighten her, she is still all adrift.
While talent has been unfashionable in this sector, there are signs of a slow turnaround.
UNMISS focused on capacity development and provision of technical and logistical support to justice and prison institutions, particularly in the States.
鈥淲e want a person who loves democracy and constitutional monarchy,鈥?he said at a press conference.
Note: Use APPEND to avoid deleting the existing content of the file.
For several years animal groups and SPCA inspectors, armed with bags and sacks, have conducted raids before and during the festival to rescue
The law organizing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants grants women the right to participate on the basis of equal opportunity.
The Government of the Central African Republic welcomes the new concept of operations, described in the 10 August 2007 report of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, with a view to the deployment of an international presence in north-eastern Central African Republic in order to contribute to the protection of civilian populations at risk, to facilitate the provision of humanitarian assistance and to create favourable conditions for reconstruction and development in this region.
(a) When it is clearly impossible to invoke any legal basis justifying the deprivation of liberty (as when a person is kept in detention after the completion of his or her sentence or despite an amnesty law applicable to the detainee) (category I);
However, Lala bravely takes on the difficult task, which no one else wants to do, even the person who is in charge of it.
[Original: Arabic]
58. Access to the Convention Centre complex during the Conference will be strictly restricted to those persons who are properly accredited and who are wearing a Conference grounds pass.
The plan has been formulated taking into account the provisions of the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action as well as European Union law, policies and strategies on gender equality, and on the basis of the proposals put forward by Government departments, non-governmental organizations, local authorities, the Parliament and other concerned entities.
A considerable number of countries have developed their legislation concerning persons with disabilities.
Accordingly, I wish to inform you that I have appointed the following persons to serve on the Group of Experts for a period ending on 31 December 2008.
1. The pre-session working group examined the initial, second and third periodic reports of Pakistan (CEDAW/C/PAK/1-3). General
No
Conclusion Family diet constitution should be improved, and balanced diet can improve children's growth and development.
Civilian police
In the manga he was a good guy he wasn't a sex addict. He was a good boy who had to choose between two girls.
1995: Political adviser on matters relating to administration of justice and legal reforms to senior officials of the United Nations Mission in El Salvador (MINUSAL);
Any citizen of age and working ability in the Republic of Serbia shall have the right to vote and be elected.
The Government of Belgium has noted the declarations and reservations expressed by Singapore concerning the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Along with this, the report of the International Crisis Group (Georgia: The Javakheti Region's Integration Challenges -2011) indicates that of the 75 single mandates in the 150-seat Georgian parliament, two are from Javakheti, both held by ethnic Armenians from the ruling National Movement party.
The System is intended to offer environmental information to a broad public constituency and to strengthen collaboration among the institutions that will participate in the data exchange.
His Government valued its international exchanges and cooperation in the area of human rights with many countries and with the United Nations, which had yielded rich results and deepened mutual understanding.
78. The Board recommends that the Administration: (a) consider identifying the root cause of the problem in establishing proper indicators of achievement; and (b) consider implementing an internal validation or quality control process for all indicators of achievement.
14. Utilities
adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Private companies fund energy-related projects in the fields of solar energy and geothermal energy.
The shoe provides very high levels of impact protection and stability along with good fitgood comfort.
Reasonable monitoring of public health and performing medical screenings for the purposes of investigation and combating increased health risks as a result of the environmental damage; and
Egypt
4. Special legal procedure
(a) Matrimonial Causes Act, 1971 (Act 367)
Draft resolution IV
 (i) Letter dated 11 November 1993 from the Permanent Representative of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/48/594-S/26733 and Corr.1);
d, q
Victim Advocates are further responsible to "assist injured parties in safeguarding their rights, including, where appropriate, as authorized representatives of the injured parties".
67. The Advisory Committee requests that the Secretary-General's proposals for post and non-post resources be adjusted to take into account its recommendations and that the adjusted resource requirements be provided separately to the General Assembly for its consideration of the present report.
Many of these programmes include also the prevention and control of sexually transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS and information, education and communication activities that are valuable tools in reaching groups at risk, especially adolescents, and in raising awareness and promoting behavioural change.
A friend is easier lost than found.
Secondly, it analyzes and discusses the precondition, value for importing Business Judgment rule.
** The full report was prepared by Botolv Helleland, State Place-Name Consultant, University of Oslo, Norway, and Liaison Officer of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names to the International Council of Onomastic Sciences.
We live, not as we wish to. but as me.
Oh yeah. you know he was kinda dopey - looking and spry
Within the thematic priority of environment and energy, emphasis will be placed on (i) increasing affordable access to clean energy by demonstrating the potential of renewable energy and accelerating rural electrification; (ii) promoting energy efficiency especially in industrial complexes; (iii) strengthening national capacities and policies in support of green industry and (iv) forging South-South and triangular cooperation.
C. Third parties
They are one of the biggest ethnic minorities in China and mainly Muslim.
At the same time, many speakers stressed the importance of continued dissemination of information in the traditional media to meet the needs of those countries that were less technologically advanced than others.
Activists and reformers had been subjected to legal proceedings, arbitrary detention, unfair trials, travel bans and even the withdrawal of their nationalities.
We wish to congratulate President Sang-Hyun Song on his election as President of the Court and to thank him for his report to the United Nations, in keeping with article 6 of the Relationship Agreement between the United Nations and the Court, as well as paragraph 17 of resolution 63/21.
Showdown at the Equator (1978) Movie DVD / Rent / Download
In 1998, North Korea launched a missile that flew over Japan and landed in the sea.
1. In paragraph 16 of its report on financial reports and audited statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors (A/53/513), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions requested the United Nations Administration and all the administrations of the funds and programmes mentioned in paragraph 1 of the above-mentioned report1 to report to it by May 1999 on the progress made with respect to the year 2000 (Y2K) compliance issue.
Approves the amount of $1.6 million from regular resources to cover United Nations-mandated security costs, and $0.6 million for costs related to the adoption of the international public sector accounting standards and enhancement of the Atlas system, as described in the budget estimates;
Netherlands
b Short-term assistance, staff welfare and overtime.
2. The Court shall provide the reasons for the advisory opinions which it issues.
307. One of the major challenges that the country has taken on it this area, migration and refugees, is that these segments of the population have equal rights to Costa Ricans, with the political safeguards already mentioned.
“Ensure that senior management in each ministry or agency takes the responsibility for guaranteeing that the goal of gender equality is pursued, that a gender perspective is integrated in all activities and that senior managers get appropriate assistance from gender experts or gender focal points”.
MINUSMA-20140418-26.
Driver replacement cost
The Committee also held 11 meetings, on 16 and 17, from 20 to 24 and on 27 and 28 October, for thematic discussions and panel exchanges with independent experts (see A/C.1/69/PV.9-19).
New York, 16 December 1966
A major contribution towards the discussion on role distribution in families is provided by the recently concluded study entitled "The role of the father in the family" which investigated the father's role in the development process of families.
Despite the fact that this right has a very wide field of application, it benefits a large number of women.
 WIPO organized the National Seminar on Copyright and Neighbouring Rights in August in Kitwe in cooperation with the Government of Zambia.
During 1991 Bosnia and Herzegovina reached a very favourable state of affairs in regard to household and housing unit numbers.
Hilde looked at the time.
We applaud the efforts of the African Union (AU) and the United Nations to find lasting solutions to the conflicts in Africa or elsewhere in the world.
The major threats include:
In particular, the campaigns will deal with peace and security, including building a culture of peace and non-violence; economic and social development, including eradicating poverty, combating racism and promoting human rights and self-determination; and the question of Palestine, as well as multilateral development issues, disarmament, eradication of the AIDS pandemic, dialogue among civilizations and natural disasters.
10th meeting Groups of countries in special situations [item 23]
This process will reflect the New Zealand Disability Strategy's role in contextualising implementation of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in a New Zealand setting.
Turn back the hands of time.
Conclusion:Fluoxetine is effective and safe in the treatment of increased body weight induced by antipsychotics.
(b) Participation of representatives of developing-country Parties, in particular leastdeveloped-country Parties and small island developing States among them, and of Parties with economies in transition in the meetings of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies pursuant to the procedure set out in the annex to the financial rules;
The force should be authorized to take robust action, supported by appropriate rules of engagement, and be equipped to respond robustly to any hostile action.
Moreover, the key United Nations organizations and agencies selected to participate as members of the Inter-Agency Task Force will not be subject to rotation in view of the fact that such organizations, unlike regional entities, civil society and non-governmental organizations, have global mandates for disaster reduction and would therefore need to be engaged on an ongoing basis in promoting the objectives of the Strategy.
January 2 210.04 3 427 078.76 2 856.33 1 339 629.45
As to the provision of interpretation services, 283 out of 348 requests were met, or a total of 81 per cent.
Preliminary draft prepared
To increase enrolment of adolescents and youth in quality life and livelihood skills learning opportunities and access to quality basic education
Sales of individual wealth management products in China shot up in the last quarter of 2007 as banks expanded their product offerings, the banking regulator said yesterday.
The Deputy Executive Director, Operations, opened the pledging event by stating that while UNICEF had a clear programme direction to reach the Millennium Development Goals and create a world fit for children, the availability and predictability of regular resources were not sufficient to enable the organization to deliver the results-oriented programme envisaged in the MTSP.
Dreifelden
It is impossible to base guaranteed, stable and long-term financing for road conservation on funds which need to be allocated from the general government budget, especially if the decisions on this allocation depend on the annual political budget debate;
In a case decided in 1998, the Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation examined, in the context of the expulsion of a stateless alien, the constitutionality of a statute which would allow the alien's indefinite detention.
The Staff Council paid tribute to colleagues in the Field who were exposed on a daily basis to danger, and in particular to those who, despite numerous attacks, continued to maintain UNHCR's presence in the Field.
" she asked.
From that date onwards, all subsequent instruments were to affirm the equality of the sexes in the fields of private, political and social life.
Of course, in some situations, the ownership of the resources in question was transferred freely and lawfully by the indigenous people who held it.
22 June
The Governing Council also decided that appropriate priority should be given to the processing of such claims, so that the claims could be resolved quickly and separately from the resolution of the related claims for environmental damage.
5. On 24 April 2006, the eve of what was likely to have been the largest demonstration in Kathmandu and amidst serious concerns as to the potential response of the security forces, King Gyanendra announced the reinstatement of the House of Representatives.
Some Parties used AIM (Asian-Pacific Integrated Model) and another integrated model, MAGICC/SCENGEN (Model for the Assessment of Greenhouse-gas Induced Climate Change/SCENario GENerator) to assess the implications of broad shifts in climate patterns on the vulnerability of sensitive systems and to project rainfall and temperature changes.
33. Mr. Bartolozzi (Paraguay), speaking on behalf of the Group of Landlocked Developing Countries, said that while the economic crisis might have ended, its impact was still being severely felt in developing countries, particularly those with the most vulnerable economies.
(d) Supplies and materials, by 1.4 million dollars;
I heard all things in the heaven and in the earth. I heard many things in the underworld.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 81 and 166.
:: One for women selling apparel (in preparation for a post as department manager);
On 6 May President Fidel Castro Ruz referred to a letter sent to the Department of Homeland Security by Representative William Delahunt, member of the House Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, and provided to Newsweek magazine, in which he criticized the lack of action of the United States authorities, which he termed "hypocrisy", in view of the evidence linking Posada Carriles to terrorism.
Bree: For god makes, it was an honest mistake.
2. On 6 April 1993, at 0948 hours, eight Iraqi forces were observed conducting training exercises at the geographic coordinates of 333-444 on the map of Kouh Tunnel in no man's land south of border pillar 26/6.
Many of the discoveries result from new techniques in molecular genetics.
- Pilot scheme on police removal of the offender from the dwelling. Draft of a statute amending the General Security and Order Act with the possibility for police removal the offender from the dwelling for a period of up to 14 days (Berlin)
Corrigendum
The company presented a professional image.
TAKES NOTE of the fact that the other proposals made by the Second Meeting of the African States Parties to the Rome Statute will not be considered during the Review Conference and REQUESTS accordingly, the African States Parties to raise the issue of the immunities of Officials whose States are not parties to the Rome Statute (the relationship between articles 27 and 98 under the topic "Cooperation" at the level of the Working Group of New York of the Bureau of ASP as well as during the stocktaking exercise of the Review Conference;
48. The aim of the project "Flexible forms of work and study - best possibilities for reconciling work and family life", carried out under the leadership of the Estonian Employers' Confederation, is to improve opportunities for reconciling work and family life among men and women through increasing the availability of flexible forms of work and influencing of attitudes.
43. Although considerable progress has been made in the Supreme Electoral Tribunal in terms of logistics and technical mechanisms, racism and discrimination against indigenous peoples persist.
II WFUNA World Federation of United Nations Associations .
Experimental result illustrates that the arithmetic can  capture  network  topology  very well.
The consultation also discussed the International Criminal Court process or accreditation and re-accreditation of national human rights institutions and shared lessons learned in the region.
97. Salah Jassem Mandani Qassem Ghullam
storm was very heavily , but at least air was cleaned , don't you think so? [b]1.
Departmental Secretary
10. With regard to the proposed increase in the regular budget component of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON), he said that a further phase of growth would be provided for in the budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Carry a disturbance sometimes, others of affray, attack.
The Panel performed a thorough factual and legal analysis of all of the fourth instalment claims, in accordance with article 38 of the Rules.
You will think me superstitious- some superstition I have in my blood, and always had: nevertheless, this is true- true at least it is that I heard what I now relate
A. A. Nikiforov (Russian Federation)
7. The Advisory Committee notes that, with regard to the request concerning technical assistance contained in the last part of paragraph 32 (a) of the draft resolution, such assistance, if requested, would be accommodated within the technical cooperation activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
For clarity purposes, it is further advisable to identify in such general legislation those fields of activity in which concessions may be awarded.
One of the side effects of the distribution of computer systems was an increasing interest in software, and the first forms of software piracy and crimes related to patents began to appear.
The organization took the following initiatives in support of the Millennium Development Goals:
However, the impact of uncleared land-mines goes far beyond the limits of battlefields and former battlefields, affecting all facets of national life.
The findings of intergovernmental review of evaluations shall be reflected in subsequent programme design, delivery and policy directives.
"(vii) Continuing reports of violations of the human rights and fundamental freedoms of persons with disabilities, especially on the use of collective camps and of coercive measures that target the rights of persons with disabilities to decide freely and responsibly on the number and spacing of their children;
P-4, Contract services officer
Abstaining: Cameroon, Guatemala, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Pakistan, Senegal, Uganda, Zambia.
E. Summing up
The National Human Rights Commission of India (NHRC) monitors implementation of disability-specific laws and has suggested necessary amendments.
We would be grateful if the text of the present letter and its annex could be distributed as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 14, 65, 66, 72, 73, and of the Security Council.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and to
Article 14 (Canada: delete whole of article 14)
2. Ex gratia payments
(a) Any threats to the independence and impartiality of the judiciary, including those that may result from low remuneration;
Enrolment is also lopsided in favour of boys.
19 August 2005
The Panel considers each contract in turn, as follows:
Walther Schücking Institute for International Law, Kiel University, Kiel, Germany
It is worthwhile to note that on 18 December 2012, Poland has signed the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence, made at Istanbul on 11 May 2011.
But Professor Williams said the experimental drug disables this enzyme, causing the worm to self - destruct.
Take notes and ask questions at the workshop
The tireless efforts of the Ministry of Women Affairs in coordinating the essential aspects of this undertaking and driving it towards completion, is duly recognized.
C. Statutory prohibition of discrimination 56 - 68 18
In addition to violence by US troops inside and outside of prisons, women in Iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “liberation.”
They called for the convening of an inclusive national dialogue in accordance with the preliminary agreement signed in Ouagadougou on 18 June 2013, and also considered the mandate of the French forces supporting MINUSMA pursuant to Security Council resolution 2100 (2013).
The police have thrown a net over this entire area.
Take the third turn on the right and go straight.
In Calgary, there are about 950 families on the waiting list for subsidized housing.
Why didn't you understand a little better the trust placed in you, so that I would not have to leave this world in such pain and regret?
106. Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction.
With the aim of introducing such ideas to the international community, Japan hosted the World Ministerial Conference on Disaster Reduction in the Tohoku region in July 2012, and strong messages including those ideas were delivered to all over the world.
And our efforts to support the rights and empowerment of women must be complemented by a targeted effort to promote sexual and reproductive health and rights.
The administrative departments of import quotas shall allocate the quotas for the next year to the quota applicants before October 31 of each year.
Member, Pakistan delegation to the Meeting of the States parties to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (1978)
The representative of a regional economic integration organization outlined some housing actions that could be taken at the regional level.
The recruitment and selection framework introduces the concept of "candidate pools" to support succession planning and to ensure that critical management positions are filled expeditiously.
6. Governments should provide or maintain adequate infrastructure to develop, implement and monitor consumer protection policies.
"Let's run through the rain!
10. Welcomes in particular the efforts of the Office of the High Representative, ICTY, and the donor community to create a war crimes chamber in Sarajevo; encourages all parties to continue efforts to establish the chamber expeditiously; and encourages the donor community to provide sufficient financial support to ensure the success of domestic prosecutions in Bosnia and Herzegovina and in the region;
Recalling also its decision to terminate the measures in paragraph 6 of resolution 1521 (2003) regarding diamonds, welcoming the Government of Liberia's participation and leadership at the regional and international levels in the Kimberley Process, noting the findings of the Panel of Experts on Liberia reestablished pursuant to resolution 1854 (2008) of 19 December 2008 concerning diamonds, in particular those findings regarding domestic implementation of the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme,
Once the debate on agenda item 39 is concluded, the General Assembly will resume its consideration of agenda item 56, entitled "Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters".
Document DP/1996/CRP.16 was for the use of delegations in conjunction with the UNDP informal session on change management to be held on 11 September.
In the meantime, the Board agreed to keep under review the effectiveness of the internal audit work performed by Office of Internal Oversight Services and to revert to the matter in 2000, based on a detailed report to be submitted to the Board.
The President may limit the time allowed to each speaker.
The little horse the wheat and returns to the riverside.
Civilian staff
The highest increase was at the P-1 level (5.4 percentage points), and the smallest at the P-5 level (0.8 percentage points).
Each of the six following papers relates to one of the key themes outlined in the provisional agenda: (a) marking; (b) record-keeping; (c) cooperation in tracing; (d) national frameworks; (e) regional cooperation; and (f) international assistance and capacity-building.
111. The United Nations and international partners must make it a key priority to work closely with recipient countries to integrate human rights and a rule-of-law-based approach in their national counter-terrorism policies.
Article 8 303 - 316 74
(a) Member States request legal and technical assistance before (i) concluding treaties, in particular with reference to final clauses of treaties, and (ii) submitting treaties for registration, thus avoiding delays and potential problems.
"(b) To improve accountability and ensure transparency in the activities of the agencies, funds and programmes of the United Nations and other international organizations;
We commend the International Seabed Authority for adopting, at its sixteenth session, the Regulations on Prospecting and Exploration for Polymetallic Sulphides in the International Seabed Area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction.
He paid a thousand dollars and then some.
Bankers say strong growth in the Asian equity capital markets business is reminiscent of the growth in Europe over the previous five years.
For that reason, it was decided that there should be a United Nations political presence in Beirut to lend support to international efforts to maintain peace and security in southern Lebanon.
By enriching the pool of knowledge on the policy design and application, the reviews would also help other developing countries and countries in transition to improve their own policies, while at the same time opening opportunities for effective international cooperation.
(m) Right to defend oneself and to have legal assistance (Covenant, art. 14, para. 3 (d))
Leon van der Torre
Automatic kerning and optical alignment
knowledge and interest by trained personnel possible to induce a fear of power, not greedy of money master talent!
When an external party took upon itself even partial responsibility for the situation within a country, it also unavoidably assumed a responsibility to do everything within its power to protect the economic, social and cultural rights of the affected population.
Things like this don't come down on one suddenly.
Accepted.
During the rest of the days in the season, life became interesting and I could review the courses carefully.
6. Data dissemination and effective and efficient data exchange.
I'll be the one with the trophy!
In regard to article 1, the indirect participation of chidren in armed conflict was not prohibited by the protocol and the discretionary powers granted to States weakened the absolute character of the protection to be afforded to children.
Let me check the computer's property data for you first.
He put nothing on the table except some soup in a very shallow dish.
B. Links with other relevant rights
The Panel's analysis of the first instalment claims is set forth in the sections V through X of this report.
I watched you, and I learned most of lifes lessons I need to know to be a good and productive person when I grow up.
Fifth periodic report
TESTS RELATING TO PAVEMENTS. WATERPROOFING MATERIALS FOR STRUCTURES. DETERMINATION OF TENSILE STRENGTH AND DEFORMATION.
However, using the measure of women sources, Lesotho scored second best with 21% women news sources, 4% higher than the regional average of 17%.
In resolution 34/142 of 17 December 1979, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to place before the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law a report on the legal activities of international organizations in the field of international trade law, together with recommendations as to the steps to be taken by the Commission to fulfil its mandate of coordinating the activities of other organizations in the field.
 We are confident that, with your wide experience, diplomatic skills and commitment, you will successfully lead the work of this body.
* The present report is being issued without formal editing.
Author's comments on the State party's observations
The extraction of proanthocyanidins from defatted grape seeds was studied using ultrasound as the assisted method at room temperature.
One rainy night the policeman had a chance encounter with a gang of smugglers.
I would also like to express my appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Samuel Insanally, and to thank him for his contribution to accomplishing the tasks of the last session.
It is also taking place in Africa, where our host country, Kenya, has just concluded a democratic election process that has received wide acclaim for its transparency and the peaceful transition of power.
Flow-forming machines, and specially designed components therefor, which:
There is a E - commerce section in FOB , which have many updated and practical materials for learning.
The cerebellum is involved in cognitive arithmetic.
Who do you think you’re talking to?
Industrial manufacturers, especially in the coastal provinces, are thus expected to bear more of the environmental costs of their production activity, as those costs are to be explicitly reflected in the energy and resource prices charged to industrial users.
Our country has made a financial contribution, to the extent it was able, to the conduct of this session, and has taken an active part in the work of the Preparatory Committee.
Its parent company, DaimlerChrysler, was based in Germany, but Dodge was viewed as an American - born brand.
17. The Commission called upon members and associate members to further intensify the full range of actions to reach the unmet goals and targets of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS and the Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS by: (a) developing national strategic plans and establishing strategic and operational partnerships at the national and community levels; (b) enhancing financial sustainability, national ownership and capacity, and committing a greater proportion of national resources to improve the effectiveness of responses to HIV; (c) encouraging stakeholder consultation in promoting access to affordable medicines; (d) initiating reviews of national laws, policies and practices to enable the full achievement of universal access targets; and (e) increasing the effectiveness of national responses by prioritizing high-impact interventions for key affected populations, and developing national strategies to address all forms of gender-based violence, including sexual violence, particularly against women and girls.
The United States did not support the notion that administering Powers did not have the right to take action in accordance with their national security interests.
they kissed on the escalator taking us from the U-Bahn to the Messe, in a sort of ebullient celebration of what they were about to enter.
However, a number of tangible obstacles remain - notably the problem of obtaining credit and thus obtaining equipment - which prevent people from making use of these rights.
* Based on the Jakarta DSA.
Comment
Street venders are forbidden to display their handicrafts on the wayside.
8. Underlines the key role that political leaders and political parties can and ought to play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote respect, solidarity and tolerance, and, in that respect, recognizes, inter alia, that developing voluntary codes of conduct that include internal disciplinary measures for violations thereof, so their members refrain from public statements and actions that encourage or incite racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, can help combat such manifestations;
Within the active employment policy programmes, young unemployed persons without professional or vocational education are offered programmes for their renewed enrolment in education and training (the 5000 Programme, programmes of motivation and information, development and training programmes, and other programmes provided by ESS) - in 2002 a total of 8,273 young unemployed persons, representing 51.0 per cent of the total included, participated in these programmes.
The bronzes were won by five-time world champion Kyoko Hamaguchi of Japan and Agnieszka Wieszczek of Poland
IDC, a market-research firm, reckons worldwide sales of netbooks will reach 10.8m in 2008 and more than 20m in 2009, during which they will represent 11-12% of the entire laptop market.Keep it simpleMost current models, including Samsungs NC10, much of the Asus Eee range, the MSI Wind and the Acer Aspire One, use Intels Atom as their central processor.
C. Coca
Groove services like the hosted reflectors would have a much larger potential audience.
The Migration Service Department in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kyrgyz Republic cooperates with the National Security Service of the Kyrgyz Republic, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, and the Group of Russian Federation Border Troops in the Kyrgyz Republic in ascertaining whether an applicant meets the criteria for refugee status, in carrying out procedures to identify individuals and in verifying information provided by applicants.
Provision of advice on and approval of work plans for MONUC, ONUB, the mission in the Sudan, UNIFIL and UNMEE mine action programmes
In order to promote coordinated development between the economy, the society and the environment, China enacted and implemented a series of principles, policies, laws and measures for environmental protection in the 1980s.
Total budget increased
When the Muslim Brotherhood’s Mohamed Morsi was elected President in 2012, many Egyptians assumed that America must have supported him, because they could not imagine that the US would accept a result that it did not want.
Moreover, no objection was raised with regard to the shipment to Libya of certain items, the request having been submitted without reference to any paragraph of the relevant resolutions.
Environmental considerations should not be forgotten in the design of a regulatory mechanism.
Instead, however, of raising it in her resignation letter ... she even thanked the petitioner [(Mr. S.)] `for the opportunity of working with him'.
He also reported the acts of torture to the National Human Rights Council on 2 May 2011 and 29 July 2011.
This is the man who cocked up the election.
7. Air Pollution Control (Fuel Restriction) Regulations
One obvious explanation is that Chinese officials are extremely good at seducing Western businessmen with friendly gestures and generous promises.
In order to prevent a deepening of the recession and to stimulate global demand, coordination between Member States, international financial institutions and the Group of 20 (G-20) must be strengthened and aimed at reconfiguring the relationship between fiscal and monetary policy.
Lastly, he had asked the President to inform the CMP that he had invited Mr. Zammit Cutajar to introduce the report when this item was taken up by the CMP at its third session.
The mantra, in Europe at least, has been that global problems require global solutions.
Current account surpluses, capital inflows and concerns over export competitiveness complicate monetary policymaking across the region.
Speakers stressed the importance of the Mechanism, as it could play a central role in the response to corruption and could promote mutual trust and collaboration among States parties.
The Panel finds, as set out above at paragraph 75, that the cost of such temporary premises is compensable to the extent and for a reasonable period as described above at paragraph 75, subject to a deduction for the net cost saving in renting (as opposed to owning) a building.
You can have the day off.
Some delegations expressed the view that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee should give more importance to substantive issues and avoid commercially oriented technical presentations.
The Council of Ministers of the OAU, at its fifty-eighth session held in June 1993 in Cairo, adopted a resolution, which the African summit meeting endorsed and thus endorsed the initiatives which are now contained in these two draft resolutions.
If I had to quantify that time, I'd put it at 5 hours or less.
18. South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, Regional Convention on Suppression of Terrorism. Signed at Kathmandu on 4 November 1987.
The spectral behavior of altered minerals leads to the spectral characteristics of altered rocks.
Agriculture Report: How Farm Pay Compares to Industrial Pay in America
Such measures could be based on the Stockholm Declaration and Agenda for Action adopted in 1996.
UNOPS -- United Nations Office for Project Services
48. Consequences of the Iraqi occupation of and aggression against Kuwait.10
– The timing and working methods of the pre-session working group;
26. Also at the same meeting, a statement was made before the vote by the representative of the Sudan; a statement was made after the vote by the representative of Tunisia.
Election campaigning was conducted from 17 October to 15 November, in accordance with a detailed schedule prepared by the National Electoral Commission.
Countries with strong service industries may not be strongly export oriented in relative terms, while small developing and especially island economies may be crucially dependent on their exports of commercial services.
In accordance with established practice, the COP is invited to authorize the Rapporteur to complete the final report after the session, with the guidance of the President and the assistance of the secretariat.
Share in primary energy
She went and stood at the window with a greatly disturbed look on her face.
Integrated Water Resources Management must underlie all projects: When elaborating strategies, programs and projects, whether it be at the national or local level, the impact of the new initiatives on the wider environment (downstream-upstream, wetlands and thus flood control, fisheries...) and on surrounding populations who depend on that environment, must be considered.
Even the somewhat irritating absence of a comma in the title may have been meant to convey his constant rush from first light to dusk.
In article 104, Ghana’s preference was for option 1, but paragraph 2 in option 3 could be kept.
He added that, before undertaking formal consideration of the substantive elements of the decision, it would be useful to engage in informal discussions on the intended scope of the measures and how they related to other processes taking place under the climate change regime, especially the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action set up by the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change at its seventeenth session; and the current reporting obligations in the form of national communications under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
" said the Princess when she passed by.
But that diagnosis is suspect, because polls show that many who voted “non” were objecting to Chirac and/or to high rates of unemployment.
7. Welcomes the adoption by the Human Rights Council by its resolution 1/2 of 29 June 2006 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and recommends its adoption by the General Assembly at its sixtyfirst session;
Table 7.1.6.2 CONVEYANCE ACTIVITY LIMITS FOR LSA MATERIAL AND SCO IN INDUSTRIAL
It is unlawful to bunk up with a person without Marriage.
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye.
Purge button
By promoting international assistance and cooperation, the OPCW plays a significant role in fostering the economic and technological progress of States parties, particularly the least developed.
Look, I'm crazy about this girl, if waiting is what it takes, I'm fine with that.
On the basis of that informal exercise, the Committee could take a final decision and introduce any necessary changes.
They warned me not to come early.
However, the question of sovereignty, the central issue of the dispute, has not yet been addressed owing to the refusal of the United Kingdom to resume the negotiations on this issue.
XI. Monitoring implementation of the New York Convention
He called for the necessary procedural steps to be taken without delay to make the Fund operational.
" ,: The lion went with him, and when they were both standing by the horse the fox said, "After all, it is not very comfortable for you here- I tell you what -I will fasten it to you by the tail, and then you can drag it into your cave and eat it in peace." This advice pleased the lion.
He is a shoo - in for the Senate seat.
Achieved.
(d) Call furthermore upon United Nations regional commissions to play a catalytic role in promoting South-South and triangular cooperation and in strengthening their technical, policy and research support for countries of their regions;
B. Strategies to strengthen national machineries Annex
257. In December 2005, the Government of Canada hosted a workshop aimed at developing a set of scientifically rigorous ecological criteria for the identification of potential sites for enhanced protection in marine areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction.
In addition, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs has in recent years devoted greater attention to monitoring remittances and analysing their impact.
Periodicity Military Staff Committee [Charter]
So man returned to work the next day, intent on breaching the operating system.
Ms. Nicole J. Elisha (Benin)
Men and women in developing countries have different roles: the majority of women are engaged in subsistence agriculture and are responsible for food security in the household, while men are concentrated in the sector producing export crops.
List of A2 roads
We humans appear to be meaning-seeking creatures that have the misfortune to be thrown into a world devoid of intrinsic meaning.
Germany 1993 48, 292, 310
UNAMID patrols have been confronted with warning shots, guns pointed at convoys and low overflight by SAF military helicopters in a threatening manner.
Something at the bank.
All activities conducted within the framework of the project were founded on a consistent, standards-based approach, across the Tribunals and the United Nations Secretariat, in order to achieve a responsible completion of mandate and to establish a preservation and access regime which meets the needs of both legacy and residual requirements.
Even when he was in hospital he stayed as lively as a cricket.
"They may be applied when the parties have not chosen any law to govern their contract,
Information on the acceptance of optional procedures.
34. Accordingly, pursuant to regulation 23 (5), of the Regulations, the Commission recommends to the Council approval of the plan of work for exploration for polymetallic sulphides submitted by COMRA.
(a) Six series relevant to 28 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development/Development Assistance Committee (OECD/DAC) donor countries;
Darwin was convinced that the loss of these tastes was not only a loss of happiness, but might possibly be injurious to the intellect, and more probably to the moral character.
To them, learning is an ongoing process throughout life and a way of understanding the universe.
Italy
General Assembly
If we pursue our current course, Africa will continue financing the extravagance of wealthy countries, which will make promises of new official development assistance, fail to fulfil most of them and continue charging as debt service hundreds of times more than the amounts of assistance promised.
The Ambassadors are intended to be a group of high-profile well-connected individuals who can extend the outreach, and raise the profile, of the Alliance, advocate for its objectives and projects, support fund-raising, and, upon request by the High Representative, speak on behalf of the initiative in select international forums and meetings.
The EU has always been fully committed to the establishment in the Middle East of a zone free of weapons of mass destruction -- nuclear, chemical and biological -- and their delivery systems.
ll do is (to) tell her the truth.
The text above therefore reproduces article 35 on State responsibility, with the only difference that the term "State" is replaced by "international organization".
The Commission is further satisfied that the applicant:
The Security Council,
In the present context, they support regional efforts, including the creation of networks of regional renewable energy and energy efficiency centres.
The mission's report stressed that recurrent internal conflicts had negatively affected Guinea-Bissau's economic growth, as well as efforts to reduce poverty, thus affecting social advancement in the country.
The chairpersons agreed that, when faced with persistent non-reporting States parties, treaty bodies should explore every alternative, including suggesting advisory services and technical assistance.
52. Mr. Gospodinov (Observer for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC)) said that the death and destruction caused by the recent earthquake in Afghanistan, India and Pakistan and by hurricane Stan in Central America, were vivid reminders of the need to support disaster relief.
UNITAR should concentrate on its core programmes that brought the greatest benefit to the wider membership, rather than pursuing programmes premised on nebulous, controversial concepts.
Provide information on investigations launched, convictions and penalties including those by military courts in relation to human rights violations committed by State agents against the civilian population in Chechnya and other parts of the North Caucasus, disaggregated by type of crime.
As the basis for the regulatory action included human health concerns it would be broadly applicable to other countries.
(Views adopted on 22 October 2008, ninety-fourth session) CC.
The results of the project evaluations are presented in reports providing information on the success of the projects against their own objectives.
A representative of the Federation participated in the twenty-third CONGO General Assembly in December 2007, and contributed to the CONGO Newsletter with the article entitled, "CONGO: which paths to follow?"
The establishment of FUNDEF made possible significant progress in fundamental education, particularly in respect of universalization of access.
:: UNOPS is integrated into the United Nations Secretariat;
Amendments to Annex A to the Kyoto Protocol
The Government of the Syrian Arab Republic condemns the decisions of the Israeli Government to increase the number of settlements and expand settlement activities in the occupied Golan.
The neighbourhood improvement programme included overdue maintenance on some 30 sports facilities and 35 local facilities (including community centres, babyand-toddler clinics, etc.);
70. As a result of his outreach activities, the Chair facilitated the donation of 300 mosquito nets from Sumitomo Chemical to the Ngaraba central prison in Bangui.
A separate report of the Committee on the findings of the Board will be issued as document A/66/719.
Yet when Don Shula revels in perfection today, it's not on the football field, but in the beef 3)biz.
[Tokyo campus] Time  Date: April 25th , 2009 11am-1pm Takadanobaba school 7th floor
The bride and groom run to the car under a shower of rice[4] thrown by the wedding guests.
Provision of guidance using instructional manuals and other tools to support peacekeeping operations on the implementation of the Inspira talent management system
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composi-tion on the topic Aid Education in China.You should write at least 120 words f-ollowing the outline given below in Chinese:
(a) The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and the Optional Protocol thereto, on 2 July 2009;
36. The Philippines highly commended the strong basis established by Bhutan for the promotion of democratic values.
As such, the Joint Monitoring Programme is the international authority on sanitation coverage and thus it is critical that its indicators are robust and that it receives adequate institutional and financial support.
 And as a result, there is still a potential threat of destabilization.
Further waves of refugees had arrived more recently, including unexpectedly large numbers of persons displaced from the Syrian Arab Republic, 20,000 of whom were being accommodated in one camp alone.
OF SUBSIDIARY BODIES OF THE COMMISSION
To date, there have been no reported cases of accounts in the name of listed individuals or organizations having been found.
Mr. Curran (United States of America) said that his delegation welcomed the signing of the ceasefire agreement between rebel groups and called on the CPJP to sign the Libreville Comprehensive Peace Agreement and participate in the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration process.
In recent months, India had again been subjected to horrific terrorist attacks in which more than 200 people had been killed and over 1,000 injured.
They were also concerned that national missile defence system could trigger an arms race, the further development of advanced missile system and an increased in the number of nuclear weapons.
The Secretary-General delivered the keynote speech of the meeting.
21. Despite a marked shift over the past 30 years in the composition of the exports of developing countries (taken as a group) -- from primary commodities to manufactures (which now account for around 70 per cent of their exports) -- many developing countries are still highly dependent on commodity exports.
In section III, he assesses the threats to the rights to freedom of peaceful assembly and of association for groups most at risk.
Comments on the recommendation 19 (d)
The Commissioners and the Executive Director also had meetings with a number of officials at OHCHR, including the High Commissioner.
You should maintain contact with the buyer.
58. She expressed particular concern at the steady deterioration of the social, economic and security situation prevailing throughout the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
Pressure mechanism
In paragraph 2 (a) of the report, the General Committee recommends to the General Assembly that an additional item entitled "Granting of observer status for the International Fund for Saving the Aral Sea in the General Assembly" be included in the agenda of the current session under heading I, "Organizational, administrative and other matters".
In addition, on 2 March, air service was resumed between Banja Luka and Belgrade, after an absence of almost six years.
Mr. Najafi (Islamic Republic of Iran): My delegation associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Indonesia on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) on the issue of measures for improving the effectiveness of the methods of work of the Disarmament Commission.
Also losing 25 billion dollars, Mexican telecoms king Carlos Slim still managed to come in third with 35 billion dollars
Here are a few essentials: Your computer must be in a central place where you can touch it at all times.
Noting the significant contributions made during the 2010 session to promote substantive discussions on issues on the agenda, as well as the discussions held on other issues that could also be relevant to the current international security environment,
Fresh snow in parts of China has again disrupted transport and killed livestock.
:: 10,614 operational/base duty troop day in 6 camp areas, comprising 1,830 troop days in Camp Saint Martin (5 troops per camp x 366 days); 2,928 troop days in Roca Camp and Camp General Stefanik (4 troops per camp x 2 camps x 366 days); 2,196 troop days in Wolseley Barrack (6 troops per camp x 366 days); 366 troop days in Camp Szent István (1 troop per camp x 366 days); and 3,294 troop days in the United Nations Protected Area (9 troops per camp x 366 days)
An instance of being inadvertent an oversight or a slip.
These are the basic problems that cause other problems in relationships.
Aside, the heightener of ammonia-nitrogen removal follows ammonia-nitrogen original concentration.
The largest gains over the last decade have been in sub-Saharan Africa, South and West Asia and the Arab States.
In highlighted key human rights reports during its regular news bulletins and current affairs programming, often through discussion panels featuring organizations responsible for the reports, as well as other key stakeholders, including government officials
The 1998-1999 re-engineering of CGNDB incorporated substantial revisions of the system data model, the database design and an upgrade of the Oracle Server to Oracle 8.0.4.
METHODSTo determine the sister chromatid exchanges SCE of chronic alcoholism patients by peripheral blood culture.
No matter the excuse, they are all rooted in the same emotion: Fear.
He makes a lot of dough at his new job.
9. The request indicates that, to improve the quality of information possessed by Sudan on areas known or suspected to contain anti-personnel mines and other explosive remnants of war, Sudan is carrying out "data clean-up" which involves a desktop review of all hazards contained in Sudan's database, with field verification pending.
He noted, however, that closer practical cooperation must be developed - particularly between the Federal Republic and the authorities of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) - if these issues are to be resolved without further delay.
51. In conclusion, the representative of Serbia and Montenegro welcomed the establishment of the International Criminal Court - an essential means to promote human rights universally and to ensure international peace and security.
The highest level of 12.83 ppm being detected in a manufacturing employee at the 3M plant in Decatur, Alabama in 1995.
The present report provides information made available since the submission of the reports to the Economic and Social Council (E/2004/82) and the General Assembly (A/59/277).
487. In Timor-Leste, nationality and citizenship are regulated by article 3 of the Constitution, Law 9/2002 on Citizenship, and Decree Law 1/2004 on the Regulatory Arrangements for the Law on Citizenship.
At the moment, transfer is made difficult by the fact that Rwandan law allows for the imposition of the death penalty.
Ongoing efforts of the Secretariat to ensure full compliance
Asian and Pacific equities excluding small-capitalization
Concerned that appropriate and effective measures should be in place to ensure, as far as possible, that those natural and legal persons, including States, that incur harm or loss as a result of such incidents should be able to obtain prompt and adequate compensation,
However, this integration in launching new missions is currently informal and not documented.
As a result of UNMIN efforts to recruit national staff from traditionally marginalized groups, 38.4 per cent of the 125 national staff are from traditionally marginalized groups, and 37.5 per cent are women.
Mr. Francis M. Ssekandi (Uganda) 72
Estimate 2006: National reform strategy for the justice sector formulated
I wish the honorable district attorney would mind his own business!
70. The long-term aim of coordination should be to (a) improve the exchange of information among organs, organizations and bodies concerned with science and technology; (b) promote joint programming and common action; and (c) to the extent possible, effectively share available resources for common purposes.
The present report highlights for further attention by Governments and other actors, the principal areas where, building on the achievements of the International Year, the environment for expanded and diversified levels of volunteerism can be strengthened. * A/60/150.
213. It is plain that the Registries are doing what they can to exercise reasonable control over the cost of assigned defence teams, but factors beyond their control such as the length of pre-trial and trial proceedings as well as the inability, as a practical matter, to verify in absolute detail every item for which they are being invoiced leave open the possibility of abuse.
15 August
Whoever made that death threat video forgot to cover up the number thirteen on his sneakers.
And the reason is, you see, that we were brought up in a pre-digital culture, those of us over 25.
37. Another important element of emergency preparedness is training.
17.2 Number of persons trained through UNFPA support in the production, analysis, dissemination of census surveys and other statistical data including in humanitarian settings
In its contacts with foreign military circles, China has always advocated the principles of mutual respect, enhancing understanding, developing friendship, mutual benefit and cooperation.
Even so, she was finishing hers while I was only half done.
196. The Executive Board took note of the executive summary of the evaluation of the relationship between UNOPS and UNDP (DP/2000/13) and the note on the evaluation of the relationship between UNOPS and UNDP: a joint review of the recommendations (DP/2000/CRP.8) and decided to revert to this item at the annual session 2001.
Port regulation can not make afore -mentioned absoluteness video upload behavior lawful.
(India)
Addendum
284. The police department has a juvenile division that handles problems involving juveniles who have been recruited into prostitution.
The Assembly encouraged Member States to provide adequate financial and human resources to UNODC, including for the effective implementation of the Convention against Corruption, and encouraged UNODC to give high priority to technical cooperation.
These inspections are conducted by an outside third-party organization and assess compliance with all applicable regulations.
2. Electoral assistance
63. As expressly requested by the Security Council mission, the United Nations Office for West Africa will soon submit a comprehensive report on the question of youth unemployment, focusing on lessons learned from peacekeeping and peace-building missions in addressing that issue, as well as on the possibilities of cooperation between the United Nations system and national and regional institutions.
223. The Committee notes the significant progress made in the field of education, including under the 20/20 Initiative adopted at the World Summit for Social Development in Copenhagen in 1995. The Committee remains concerned that many children, particularly girls, still do not attend school.
Even since the escalation of the conflict, attempts have been made to follow the lines of the Oslo Accords with regard to the establishment of new wells and management of quantities pumped.
1. High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict shall record and retain information on the use or abandonment of cluster munitions, to facilitate the rapid marking and clearance, removal or destruction of cluster munition remnants, risk education and the provision of relevant information to the party in control of the territory and to civilian populations in that territory.
Cameroon
The membership and role of the Commission for Social Development would be strengthened, inter alia, for consideration of the values and norms that sustain social and economic progress.
93. An initial operating capability for a standing police capacity was endorsed by the General Assembly in the 2005 World Summit Outcome (resolution 60/1).
Mercure satellite communications system
"13. Urges the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to continue providing technical assistance to Member States to combat money-laundering and the financing of terrorism through the Global Programme against Money-Laundering, Proceeds of Crime and the Financing of Terrorism, in accordance with related United Nations instruments and internationally accepted standards, including where applicable, recommendations of relevant intergovernmental bodies, inter alia, the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, and relevant initiatives of regional, interregional and multilateral organizations against money-laundering;
Subregional and regional integration offers a multisectoral framework of cooperation which combines the tools of trade expansion with cooperation in respect of investment, services, transport, customs facilitation and other areas which mutually enhance each other's effectiveness.
310. Although the Committee acknowledges the State party's efforts to provide gender-disaggregated statistics, the report contains an insufficient amount of gender-disaggregated data and data on rural women.
Human resources action planning for all field missions implemented
Welcomes recent initiatives by regional and sub-regional organizations and arrangements for the protection of children affected by armed conflict, and encourages continued mainstreaming of child protection into their advocacy, policies and programmes; development of peer review and monitoring and reporting mechanisms; establishment, within their secretariats, of child-protection mechanisms; inclusion of child-protection staff and training in their peace and field operations; sub- and inter-regional initiatives to end activities harmful to children in times of conflict, in particular cross-border recruitment and abduction of children, illicit movement of small arms, and illicit trade in natural resources through the development and implementation of guidelines on children and armed conflict ...
Thursday, 27 October 2011, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB).
7. The Chairperson said that the following countries had joined the list of sponsors: Albania, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Benin, Comoros, Egypt and Honduras.
Bolivia
The child maintenance allowance is paid on top of the regular child benefits.
China industry and industry, especially financial industry and advanced technology will develop in coordination.
The US makers - Heelarious - have produced designs in pink, black and even leopard or zebra-skin prints
These four sector programmes will be supported by other sectors such as infrastructure development and social protection.
In this regard, we should give full play to the role of the United Nations and other international organizations.
(b) Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women and of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly
In January 1998, four modelling groups started to formulate the initial scenarios and to test them with their models for consistency in terms of both qualitative and quantitative factors by using models.
56. For MONUC to implement the concept of operations described above, it is envisaged that an additional five formed police unit of 125 officers each (625) will be required, operating under the command of the Police Commissioner, providing a total of some 750 formed police officers.
"Where did you go this morning?
As an oil-producing country, Nigeria also attached great importance to the development and transfer of clean fossil fuel technologies.
Further more, as the dynamic detection range is wide, the device can be used for detecting refractive index of various liquid widely.
So that, said Monte Cristo, you have lost nearly 1,700,000 francs this month
Howard, it's the phone!
In cooperation with the Office of the High Representative, UNMIBH has made strong representations to the Croat authorities on these cases of non-compliance.
Staff recruitment in United Nations system organizations: A comparative analysis and benchmarking framework --overview (JIU/REP/2012/4)
Rule 19
 Important recommendations to this effect are also set out in chapter I, on an enabling environment for social development.
Then he thought, perhaps they had changed their abode temporarily.
 Nancy Shenker, founder and principal of theONswitch, a marketing company specializing in start-ups, said she was once the victim of a bullying boss who loved to publicly berate her.
(b) Draft report of the Credentials Committee (A/CONF.214/6);
"mr. barone" he calls me.
(a) Establish, with donor support, conditions for the return and resettlement of IDPsinternally displaced persons and refugees by providing, in particular, schools, health centres, water, and mine-clearance action programmes;.
On 6 December 2007:
Tracking the open orders , monitor the production program.
Other Governments have taken the position that what was reasonable under the circumstances must be evaluated by the Panel on a case-by-case basis.
United States of America
It was excellent. I really enjoyed it. It was a thrilling plot and the acting was superb.
The buyer applied for an irrevocable letter of credit (L/C) for the entire purchase price.
Preparation of the report began in August 2012, when a ministerial decision was taken to set up the technical committee, in accordance with the general guidelines established by the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
In a meeting with military and police leaders, my Special Representative was informed that the security forces had adopted a zero-tolerance policy and codes of conduct to prevent human rights violations, including sexual violence, by its personnel.
To request the Secretariat to prepare a report on the issue, taking into account any comments submitted by members, including proposals for standardized recommendations, for the consideration of the Committee at its next meeting.
I like to eat steamed bread made of leavened dough mixed with flour.
By resolution 1748 (2007), the Council extended the mandate of the Commission, and, by resolution 1757 (2007), the Council established the Special Tribunal for Lebanon.
It stressed the significant role played by the regional commissions as part of the institutional landscape in each region, and recognized the importance of regional coordination mechanisms in promoting enhanced regional cooperation among agencies of the United Nations system and working together towards enhanced policy coherence, programme effectiveness and efficiency.
In addition to the 27 cases involving 33 accused that have been completed in first instance, trials involving 22 accused in 9 different cases are in progress.
Trade Association of American title insurance companies with a view to standardizing the policies nationwide.
If not now, when?
I. Asylum
In this conversation, Gregory Cosgrove, the CEO of a large telecommunications company, discusses a large-scale reorganization with Gloria Atkinson, his Human Relations manager.
The Committee recommends that the State party conclude its revision of the objectives of the Mauritian Cultural Centre, re-open it and use it to consolidate national unity, as envisaged.
Prevention of ethnic and racial conflicts, Addis Ababa, 4-6 October 2000;
Cast thy burden upon the LORD, and he shall sustain thee: he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved.
Chair of the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture
These tools facilitate the attainment of the United Nations Millennium Declaration and the Millennium Development Goals through improved land tenure, management and public finance for poverty alleviation.
14But if you have bitter envy and selfish ambition in your hearts, do not be boastful and false to the truth.
 The Financial Action Task Force stresses international cooperation through the use of bilateral, regional and multilateral treaties to allow effective tracing, seizing and confiscation of the proceeds of drug trafficking and other criminal offences.
1. The United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy, serves as the primary information and communications technology hub for peace operations.
Chairman: Mr. Rae Kwon CHUNG (Republic of Korea)
Change your setting and engage in other things that don't involve food.Finally, if your craving just won't be rebuffed, indulge it--judiciously
I still try and send gifts like that now: its a strange thing to me
S/2003/652
The work will be organized in a manner that enables all delegations, regardless of size, to participate fully in the activities of the working groups.
[1 bis Requests the Executive Secretary to begin exploring, with the Chief Executive Officer of the Global Environment Facility, possibilities for furthering access to financing in support of the Basel Convention;]
The coatings formulation uses commmon materials with abundant resources, low costs and excellent fireproof performance.
We would never want to be entangled into unnecessary conversations or possible confrontations.
109. International drug control (resolutions 47/100 of 16 December 1992 and 53/115 of 9 December 1998).
44. During his latest visit, the Special Rapporteur went to Chin State to look into allegations of discrimination against Christian communities.
In particular, IMF could not function in a meaningful way if $90 billion were not forthcoming.
In 2007, UNOPS established an online submissions system that strengthened accountability and shortened review cycles.
It adds that the author's challenge to the constitutionality of the mandatory death penalty has been rejected by the highest judicial body in Ghana.
1. In Copenhagen in 1995, Governments agreed that the eradication of poverty, expansion of productive employment and reduction of unemployment, and social integration are the three pillars of social development.
Line Nariin Sukhait to Shiveekhuren: Shiveekhuren. Line Tavantolgoi to Gashuun Sukhait: Gashuun Sukhait.
The company said 'that difficult conditions in the financial-services markets are not likely to improve in the near future.
Every time the reforms were introduced, they led either to a brain drain from the public sector to the private sector or the reverse of this trend back in favour of the public health system, depending upon the nature of the reforms and incentives provided therein.
His Excellency Mr. Fahad Salem Al-Shagra, Minister for Education of Iraq
17. The Economic and Social Council invited the Statistical Commission,10 as its authoritative technical body, to:
Five Parties (Bangladesh, Guinea, Iran, Kyrgyzstan, Mauritania) reported on adaptation possibilities in the agriculture sector; adaptation in this sector is particularly important in order to protect the food base.
That role includes supporting domestic initiatives, acting as a catalyst to promote appropriate action, monitoring the effectiveness of such measures, and recommending appropriate measures to the Commission when Governments clearly fail in their responsibilities.
Variable cross-section column design with fixation ratio method will not adopt effective length coefficient and not calculate critical compressive yielding load.
A State governed by the rule of law - which is what the agreements seek to establish - implies, by definition, one with a political system in which the armed forces must be strictly limited to their very important constitutional functions and rigorously subordinated to civilian authority.
Xu Haidong
I think they're gunning for you both.
The results resembled that of cutaneous lesions.
All funds summary: assets, liabilities, reserves and fund balances as at 31 December 2011
All good things are cheap, all bad things are very dear. ( H . D . Thoreau )
 The hopes born of the disappearance of the Berlin Wall have been virtually dashed by another, anachronistic war in the former Yugoslavia and by the situation in some of the States that emerged from the disintegration of the Soviet Union, thus threatening stability and security on the old continent.
Report of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum on the work of its eleventh special session
Implementation of the import ban is delegated to the Secretary of the Treasury.
The cultivation of healthy dietetic and trophic habit and the health knowledge inquiry habit from childhood will play a vital role in future healthy status even after growing into adults.
 After deliberations, the prevailing view was that the question of the exact role of selection panels should be left to the procuring entity.
Looking for a Companion A bachelor asked the computer to find him the perfect mate :i want a conpanion who is samll and cute,loves water sports and enjoys group activities.
Its secretariat, which has since the tenth session of the Regional Coordination Mechanism in November 2009 been expanded into a joint secretariat with dedicated staff from the Economic Commission for Africa and the African Union Commission, is embedded within ECA.
After the connection establishment, the passable file transfer function has renewed this address sequence.
Maternal mortality
It'should link to that area?
Information Technology
To omit or slur over ( a syllable, for example ) in pronunciation.
I looked in the rear  view  mirror.
8. What policy/policies have been implemented to associate the poor in the decisionmaking process in your institution?
16. Russian law and its application in practice are in keeping with international legal instruments for the observance and protection of human rights and with the rulings of the European Court of Human Rights.
And of the tribe of the children of Simeon, Shemuel the son of Ammihud.
In addition, least developed countries should be given special treatment within the allocation of any global adaptation funds.
(45.5% of District Population) (2)
The measures included the enhanced weekly reports on the status of applications, the holding of an orientation seminar on 19 March 1998, with the participation of more than 30 Member States and interested international organizations, the distribution of a comprehensive information kit of relevant documentation, the issuance of approval letters against anticipated revenues and the circulation of applications by the Secretariat to Committee members in advance of anticipated revenues of the Iraq Account.
And as we work towards the global acceptance of IAEA safety standards, safety reviews will be integrated into fewer categories and focused increasingly on the review of national self-assessments.
Themes for the eighth session of the Permanent Forum (2009)
This function is identical to that of other cargo  firms  operating in the world.'
I would also like to thank my co-facilitator and friend, Ambassador Jean-Francis Régis Zinsou of Benin, for his outstanding cooperation throughout the process, and the Secretariat, for its great support.
He gets obsessed about certain foods.
Daily advisory meetings with the National Independent Electoral Commission on establishing the electoral budget and implementation of oversight mechanisms for local elections
For instance, according to the administering Power, in March 2006 a task force was established to deal specifically with drugs and firearms.
39. Another reason for the independence of the judiciary lies in the fact that it has a monopoly with respect to all judicial duties from investigation to adjudicating litigation and issuing judgements.
At the same time, the country's rating was removed from CreditWatch with negative implications and given a stable outlook.
Food security, which is the corollary to the right to food, as well as the various resolutions regarding the effects of foreign debt and States' related international financial obligations on people's full exercise of human rights, are undoubtedly essential to upholding economic, social and cultural rights.
Recognizing the urgent need to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian assistance to all affected communities in the Abyei Area, the two parties agreed to determine, in close coordination with UNISFA and relevant humanitarian agencies of the United Nations, practical modalities for free and unhindered access by humanitarian agencies to all affected communities in the Abyei Area.
The few Methods: To increase plasticizing time without lengthening cycle time all depend on simultaneous action.
He also stated that the Group of Western European and other States was of the view that the basis for any decision to be adopted on the allocation of seats might also include other new proposals, apart from the one made by the Group of African States and the Group of Asian States.
The Research of Digital Filtering to Analog Signal Based on PLC
In western developed countries some military data fusion systems have been researched and exploited.
The following shows the left and right image side by side.
At its 5950th meeting, on 7 August 2008, the Council decided to invite the representative of Iraq to participate, without vote, in accordance with rule 37 of its provisional rules of procedure, in the discussion of the item entitled:
Due to no reported usage of alpha- and beta-HCH, major costs of possible control measures will arise from environmentally sound management of hazardous waste and stockpiles of HCH residuals, as well as from the remediation of contaminated sites.
"Ecstasy" use is common among young people.
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund -- IMF) explained that the informal administrative processes to which she had been referring were entirely voluntary.
Early money is like yeast.
Magicians and alchemists have been trying to change base metal into gold for centuries.
The application researches on visual evoked potentials in impulsive personality disorder and anxiety neurosis
"[...] in the event a certain conduct, which a member State takes in compliance with a request on the part of an international organization, appears to be in breach of an international obligation both of that State and of that organization, then the organization should also be regarded as responsible under international law."
11. The Advisory Committee reiterates its views as to the merits of creating a reserve for contingent liabilities for postal services for previously issued UNPA stamps, as put forward in its previous report (A/61/480) (see also para. 10 above).
The pre-condition would say that the real number has to be non-negative because otherwise the result would be undefined.
I couldn't defend his actions any longer.
It will be an important opportunity to ensure that critical issues in those three areas of sustainable development are adequately addressed.
By comparison, there has been a less marked increase in the number of countries addressing issues related to ageing, and internal and international migration.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of OIOS on the thematic evaluation on "Linkages between headquarters and field activities: a review of best practices for poverty eradication in the framework of the United Nations Millennium Declaration" (E/AC.51/2005/2)
"Article 37
37. Reaffirms paragraphs 16 and 17 of its resolution 62/87, and stresses the importance of ensuring effective oversight and audit coverage of the implementation of the capital master plan;
231. In 1971, the suicide rate in Trinidad and Tobago was 7.0 per 100,000.
Participation in the work of the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session
She asked whether the delegation was aware of that problem and whether action was being taken.
The bilateral treaties on judicial cooperation concluded by the Syrian Arab Republic with other States contain special rules on judicial assistance and the extradition of criminals.
Haiti - child domestic workers ("restaveks")
The new rule will apply not only to new users, but also about 200 million pre-paid cell phone users, Wang Lijian, dean of MII's News Department, said on Sunday.
The Committee also recommends that the State party should take account of the findings of a study conducted by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) on the impact of refugees on host communities, in particular with respect to land and farming (art. 5 (b) and (e) and art. 6).
Moreover, Dai Zhen replaces the doctrine of cosmos creation for the doctrine of cosmos ontology as the ultimate cornerstone for his new ethical theory.
The report was a direct response to the call of the African Union for the United Nations system to support the region in creating a continental free trade area.
Many performance, usability and feature upgrades.
The Group documented that additional villages in the Mitwaba-Pweto boundary area were affected by Kata Katanga during October 2013, including the burned villages of Kisele, Kifinga, Mubidi, Manda and Kamazanga.
Reformats the data from the input into a temporary index which is then used for seeking with the supplied seek predicate.
(e) The privileges and immunities enjoyed by the United Nations by virtue of Article 105 of its Charter are conferred in the interests of the Organization.
75. The Panel observes that technology transfer to parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 countries has begun.
(iii) Group of governmental experts on disarmament and non-proliferation education (2 sessions, 6 meetings per session, 2002);
The PSI aims to help prevent trafficking in WMD and related material by both state and non-state actors.
Do you honestly think I intended all of this to happen?
He did not understand them absolutely.
This is of course without prejudice to the obligations of the international organization itself which, remains bound under general rules of international law under its constitution or under any international agreement to which it is a party.
If I promise for your request except still pigs can fly.
I've never cried in front of someone as a grown-up.
399 Persephone
:: Issuance of reports and recommendations developed on fair trial and detention practices as well as freedom of expression
I was named after my grandfather.
Baidu.com's U.S. shares have plunged this week, including a 30% drop Monday, since the weekend CCTV report.
84. Discussions on these questions at the July 1997 meeting made it clear that, while certain initiatives are indeed leading to positive results at the local or national level, responses at the international level are not sufficient for these to gain any real momentum on a global scale.
A representative from the Voorburg Group on Service Statistics attends whenever possible.
Article 7
Graduates by programme from Brunei Institute Technology Brunei (ITB), 2003-2010 (continued)
She fainted in the heat so we dashed some water over her.
These activities contributed to the appointment by the Commission of a Special Rapporteur on this subject.
He made a pet of the monkey.
About a year ago, Simpson was knocked unconscious by the explosion of a rocket-propelled grenade during a firefight in Afghanistan.
But it also means giving greater attention to broad issues that I firmly believe must shape and inform everything we do in our quest for equitable and sustainable global prosperity.
The Secretary-General submits a report on the situation in Burundi annually to the Security Council.
Completion of field related policies
Evan checks out at the counter with Mrs. Van Helsing.
The result of the summit was the document entitled "Building equity from childhood and adolescence in Latin America".
80. As Co-Chair of the United Nations Evaluation Group (UNEG) Task Force on Country-Led Evaluation of Delivering as One, UNICEF played a lead role in supporting quality assurance of the six country-led evaluations.
50. Lastly, he noted that the ongoing multilateral trade negotiations must take into account the need to provide adequate safeguards for agriculture, food security and the livelihoods of people in developing countries.
B. Activities related to outreach, joint project development and fundraising
Companies established in 1915
Article 10 (a- b) - Elimination of discrimination against women in the area of education
United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC)
In that connection, it was suggested that the words "adequate security" might need to be replaced by the words "adequate security acceptable to the carrier".
I encourage the parties as well as the responsible national institutions to maintain this momentum in order to complete the remaining tasks in a timely manner.
5. Further notes that the general-purpose resources of the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund are presented as a single budget and that general-purpose expenditure will be apportioned between the two funds in accordance with the income that each generates;
Commander Marcos Lourenço de Almeida, Brazilian Navy Staff
United Nations Mission in the Sudan
19. Delegations expressed support for the comprehensive policies and useful tools - such as the new Performance Appraisal Management System - being put in place.
Compared with other common names, the names of scenic spots and historical sites are of great potential commercial value and are precious invisible property;
Piazzetta dei Leoncini
12. Delegations also had an opportunity to describe action already taken by their Governments with a view to adapting their legislation and juridical systems to the provisions of the Convention and to describe their experience in the fight against organized crime.
(a) The Association of Central African Women Jurists (AFJC), whose main responsibility is to find appropriate solutions to the legal problems of Central African women, in particular, and of African women, in general;
Integrated with IEEE 1451.4 sensor standard and XML, a network senor system was designed.
The eighteenth high-level meeting of Heads of United Nations peace missions in West Africa, organized by UNOWA in Dakar on 25 February 2010, reviewed recent political and pre-election developments in Liberia, Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea-Bissau, Sierra Leone, the Niger, Guinea and Togo.
Ms Tyler believes women are far more confident in their role in business.
Unless you increase the turnover we can hardly point you as our sole agent.
Total
The General Committee took note that the General Assembly had decided by its resolution 53/239 of 8 June 1999 that the fifty-fourth session would close on Tuesday, 5 September 2000.
* E/C.20/2013/1.
Lindsay: You've made every decision without consulting me, and now you're telling me that I have to wear your dead mother's doily?
Retirement has not always been based on the workers' voluntary choice.
B. Child protection
Staff subject to the system of desirable ranges (Chap. IV)
Single or multiple gripper or projectile  looms  , rapier looms, water jet looms and air jet looms.
Jan Ziekow (Germany)
I can believe him, but I cannot believe in him.: . He is the most suitable candidate for this job
:: Amendment to the Act of 10 April 1997 on chemical weapons.
#8943;#8943; Jake: Archaeologists look for the secrets that are buried here. . . They look for clues to Herod's ancient city
Anyone who, in violation of the provisions of Article 17 of this Law, purposely exports export commodities which have been found substandard during a random inspection by the commodity inspection authorities, shall be punished in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph.
Fernando de Oliveira Sena is married to Karen Lock and has two children.
This high visibility of education in public life fuelled constant questioning of any and every facet of education.
XVI. Procedures for the consideration of communications received under the Optional Protocol
The Working Group of the Whole held nine meetings from 14 to 22 February 2001.
Build a board of directors/advisors/ecosystem that can't lose.
For the Financial Assistance Scheme for Post-secondary Students, please
The behavior of spontaneous emission of atoms in microcavities is significantly different from that in free space.
Thick plumes of smoke rose in the air as the volleys hit their mark.
 Noting with great concern that, despite the efforts undertaken by the international community at various levels, racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related forms of intolerance, ethnic antagonism and acts of violence are showing signs of increase,
The focus of activity has been to arrest the deterioration in the distribution and transmission networks, as well as to rehabilitate the two hydropower plants at Dokan and Derbandikhan dams and emergency power generation for Erbil township.
(c) The Compliance, Evaluation and Monitoring Unit, responsible for monitoring and evaluating implementation of and compliance with security policy, procedures and guidelines of the United Nations security management system;
Item 137: Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force;
5.2.5 Right of a successor State to formulate objections to reservations
Ri Yong-chol
28. Briefing by the President of the International Court of Justice (31 October 2000; 29 October 2009).
Strong pair of arms. Whacking a carpet on the clothesline. Hang (out) the clothes on the line.
It further calls upon the State party to provide to the Committee, in its next periodic report, statistical data related to trafficking and exploitation.
Expert Meeting of the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services and Commodities
7. The coinvestigating judges shall be appointed for the duration of the proceedings.
a. Eteco S.A.: USD 8,657;
In reference to the assistance for East Timor, the Assembly urged continued efforts aimed at the enhanced ownership and participation of women in the rehabilitation, reconstruction and development of the country (see General Assembly resolution 56/104).
It was the first step in what he preferred to describe as the process of transformation which lay ahead.
In winter the frost is always there before it comes to us; and deep into summer I have found snow under that black hollow on the north-east side!
In this context, the readiness and self-sustainment capabilities of military contingents are of vital importance.
The Committee further urges the State party to take all necessary measures to ensure that cases of discrimination against children in all sectors of society are addressed effectively.
As a result, a growing numbers of workers are employed in workplace environments lacking adequate protections for their occupational health.
176. A discount rate is an interest rate used as a common financial practice to estimate the present value of an amount to be earned or lost at a future date.
Comptroller and Auditor General of India
In each three-month session, two months were spent at one of the seats of the Dispute Tribunal.
A joint report on the opportunities and constraints that natural resources pose to industrial diversification in Latin America and on the role of industrial policies is envisaged in collaboration with the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC).
As the programmes responding to those surveys were not identical, it is not possible to discern the trend in evaluation activity from the information.
Of the 2006 expenditures reported by implementing partners against UNHCR instalments, an amount of $108,636,550 corresponded to salaries and other staff costs.
47. According to the territorial Government, the American Samoa Community College has been awarded a $300,000 grant for a one-year period from the College Access Challenge Grant Program under the United States Department of Education.
The Caribbean Sea provides for us a lifeline, the potential loss of which could be enormous to our people's livelihood.
After we know each other took a photograph, name cards and Huzeng.
5.2 The complainant reiterates that the situation in Algeria is not stable, in particular given the events following the uprisings in other Arab countries.
Article 93. Procedure and effect of declarations
Regional workshops for Asia and the Pacific and Latin America and the Caribbean were also organized.
(a) Notification of nuclear tests
10 February 1988
On the evening after the Bumbles’ little business meeting，Mr Bill Sikes，waking from a sleep，called out to  ask  the  time．
Advancement of women
There will be periodic monitoring by international experts to ensure that trials are in accordance with international standards.
(b) Efforts taken at the national level to strengthen information security and promote international cooperation in this field;
44. The Forum reaffirmed its strong opposition to nuclear testing and condemned the recent tests by India and Pakistan.
Nicaragua
Substantive issues: Equality before the courts, arbitrary interference in family life, discrimination
However, it is of the view that this matter is not a result of overall resource constraints.
Ethiopia further reported that from April to June 2011, UNICEF helped supply over 350 orphans and vulnerable children with disabilities.
Our country set stability and unity at a premium.
"I have taken as much delight in the way of your unchanging word, as in all wealth."
If any serious accident has resulted and thus a crime has been constituted, the offender shall be subject to criminal liabilities according to the relevant provisions of the Criminal Law.Article 91 Where the major person-in-charge of any production and business operation entity fails to organize rescues immediately when any serious production safety accident occurs to the entity or leaves his position without permission or escapes and hides during the investigation and handling of the accident, he shall be punished by being demoted or removed from his position, and be held in custody for not more than 15 days if he has escaped and hid.
15. Requests the Committee on Information to examine thoroughly the comprehensive review once it has been finalized and to submit its recommendations thereon to the General Assembly, and stresses in this context the importance of respecting the principal competence of the Committee to undertake the examination and submit its recommendations prior to the consideration of the review by any other body;
220. There is also a possible long-term strategic consideration to bear in mind.
:: - Joined various courses
Uganda
Poultry (dressed, not drawn) EGGS
This is consistent with the findings presented in table 2, where for most Principles the implementation is shown to have shifted from "largely implemented" to "fully implemented".
It'seemed, the old woman's weapons had been blunted in parrying the daytime intruders.
(a) End-of-service and post-retirement benefits comprise after-service health insurance coverage, commutation of unused vacation days and repatriation benefits.
1-31 May 2008g
The following initiatives were noted during the regional implementation meeting: (a) policies, regulations and procedures for rehabilitation planning; (b) conflict resolution management; (c) consultative processes; (d) environmental impact assessment; (e) damage assessment as a basis for the improvement of compliance and monitoring; (f) small-scale mining; and (g) the analysis of stakeholder interest.
Of Finland's long-term partner countries, Vietnam has been able to achieve particularly good development while our other partner countries have made progress albeit with slower pace.
This inner city terrace in Sydney uses an upward raked eave to passively shade highlight windows.
Medical, dental and veterinary assistance was provided to the local population.
You think the plane is bad? Security checkpoints harbor a host of hazards as well, researchers say.
However, it is regrettable that, over the past year, the multilateral arms control, disarmament and non-proliferation process has been beset with great difficulties. Despite some progress, the work of relevant multilateral institutions is still lacks momentum.
S4N (new)
113.132 Establish a formal moratorium on the death penalty and work towards its abolition (Sweden);
Geneva, 6-31 July 2009
As Saeed Jalili, Iran's senior nuclear negotiator, arrived in Beijing for talks on Thursday.
(b) Upgrading financial management.
2004-2005: 374 days
operate a TV set for 3 hours, and is the equivalent to half a can of gasoline.
Do you care for fruit?
42. The source expresses concern that, in view of the impossibility of obtaining a judgement against Mr. Cedeño, he may fall victim to acts against his physical or mental integrity.
In health, MDG 5, maternal mortality reduction, is our flagship programme.
That gave an advantage; that was an implication of the technology's rise that wasn't obvious to everybody.
When I was in Somalia as Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs in 1992, I saw for myself the dangers faced by our staff in their day-to-day work, despite our best efforts to protect them.
Updating the Charter of the United Nations
These five poor states contain 45% of India's population, and 56% of its poor.
(b) To note with appreciation, however, that Fiji has submitted a plan of action with timespecific benchmarks for returning to compliance with the Protocol's methyl bromide control measures, in accordance with decision XVI/23;
 The trucks came from the 127th Division of the Russian army, based at Gyumri.
Needless to say, Marianela gave the suitor a pass and her blessing, going over to the enemy's camp.
Number of higher educational institutions
We must fight bravely against terrorism.
Many services were provided to migrant workers, such as interpretation, counseling and medical services.
First, the Court conducted outreach targeting key representatives of the legal community, civil society and journalists from the Sudan.
By now you may have written, or received, one of those epic holiday letters many people still send.
Man's dearest possession is life.
As per UNHCR statistics, 1,799 minority community members returned in 2007, as against 1,669 persons in 2006.
The existing UNMIS Coordinator for Human Rights in Southern Sudan, also a P-5 based in Juba, will focus on management and coordination of the nine state-based human rights teams.
Yes. no, mr. cranham. no. yes. mr. blakely. yes.
Glycerol dehydrogenase
expenditure
Moreover, the necessity of increasing the assistance for self-government units for the creation and maintenance of the local systems of support for children and young people and their families.
Maize is widely planted in the America.
In fact, when inequality rises, democracy suffers, which is why the demotion of the US in one prominent ranking of the world’s democracies is not particularly surprising.
An inability to stay quiet is one of the most conspicuous failings of mankind.
An IDF recce Aircraft crossed Lebanese airspace from above the sea abeam TYR towards SAIDA, circled between SAIDA and TYR and over the sea, and left at 23.35 hrs from above the sea abeam AL NAQOURA.
4. In reviewing the development of the ethics function in the organization, the report takes into consideration staff interactions with the Ethics Office and the actions taken by management to institutionalize ethics concepts in organization-wide discourses and initiatives.
High quality bearing steel is selected to prolong the beering's service life.
Jack : Sure, I'll even drive you to the party.
Through a special act of law (Act No. 1994:1219) which entered into force in 1995, the Convention and the additional protocols were incorporated into the Swedish legal system.
She almost trembled at the audacity which might have carried her on to a terrible rebuff.
Building a solid financial foundation takes time.
Programme 2100.
Assessed contributions receivable from Member States
"Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decision:
Article 48 After the plan for land compensation and resettlement fees is finalized, related local people's governments shall make an announcement and hear the opinions of the rural collective economic organizations and peasants whose land has been requisitioned.
4. Programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999: report of the Fifth Committee (A/54/508/Add.3) [119]
6. Also decides that the Working Group at its twentyfirst session will consider the elaboration of draft guidelines relating to transnational companies whose activities affect indigenous communities, with particular emphasis on elements that would contribute to a better consultative process, equitable benefitsharing and conflict resolution;
The results of research on traditional medicine of China show the primary bioactivity of nitric oxide blood vessels and the ability to change nitrate to nitrite or nitric oxide.
(d) Recruitment of 186 new lecturers (80 in 2006 and 106 in 2007);
NOTES TO THE DIALOGUE This is a short conversation between two people in the dinning room. They are talking about what theyll have for lunch
Many of us are concerned about that fact that, while efforts are being made to establish accelerated time lines to address other reform issues, such as mandate review and managerial reform, and while new bodies such as the Human Rights Council and the Peacebuilding Commission are being set up, reform of the Security Council continues in effect to be sidelined.
Tissue, Nuclear Protein, Human Adult Normal, Spleen.
Outstanding loans
The most tragical sight of all was the very young addicts.
C. Mission support initiatives
Enhancing coastal hazard early warning and response: tools and institutional strengthening
703. The Committee is concerned at the scarce information and the lack of transparency on budget allocations for children and for the implementation of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
The number and level of resident auditors and auditing assistants in peacekeeping missions are set out below.
An aspirated voiceless blade - palatal affricate.
8the sun to govern the day, His love endures forever. 9the moon and stars to govern the night; His love endures forever
145. Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (resolution 58/74 of 9 December 2003).
Supports, in view of the Report of the High Commissioner, the continuation, from 1 January 2004, of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees on the basis of its Statute until the refugee problem is solved, thereby removing the time-limitation contained in operative paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 57/186;
There are two hundred boys ranging from seven to fourteen in age.
The Permanent Mission of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the United Nations Office at Geneva and other international organizations presents its compliments to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights and has the honour to forward to the Commission, on behalf of the Permanent Missions of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Macedonia and the Republic of Slovenia, their joint letter* regarding the report (E/CN.4/1998/15 of 31 October 1997) of the Special Rapporteur on the situation on human rights in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro), and kindly asks the Commission to circulate the attached letter as an official document at the fifty—fourth session of the Commission, under agenda item 10.
10:25 And, behold, a certain lawyer stood up, and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life
One choice is to store each configuration value into its own item in the item set.
United Nations information centres
Solve enterprise's business problem
It should be noted that limited assistance has been provided in three townships in the State where UNHCR has resettled the returnees under a small parallel HDI preparatory assistance project.
In particular, they should actively participate in the work relating to the Territories under their mandates and allow representatives of the Territories concerned to participate in the Special Committee's discussions.
Kill!
Draft resolution on the international financial system and development (A/C.2/69/L.48)
Major activities with a high risk include crushing fluorescent lamps, extracting elemental mercury from mercury-added products such as thermometers and barometers, thermally treating wastes containing mercury or contaminated with mercury, and stabilisation/solidification of elemental mercury.
The total number of women members of the Meshrano Jirga, including the presidential appointees, is 23, or 22 per cent of the total membership.
The telephone bill ? That isn't due yet.
The searchlight shot a long ray across the sky.
Although at present the JPO Programmes have an outdated and very vague legislative basis, due to the model agreement based bilateral agreements concluded with the donor countries, and the results of informal interactions between the organizations and the donors, the established practice shows many similarities across the system.
Although our actions have fallen behind our intentions, progress has been made.
This rainfall shows extreme spatial and temporal variability, which is expected to continue due to climate change impacts, exposing hundreds of millions of people to more extreme weather events (droughts and floods).
A patchy brown or dark brown skin discoloration that usually occurs on a woman's face and May result from hormonal changes, as in pregnancy.
All this amounts to around 30% of the cost of construction, according to a case study on Living PlanIT by the Harvard Business School.
The General Assembly, in the session held on 3 September 2005, elected the new board of the International Congress of Onomastic Sciences:
Notice with respect to cabin luggage shall be made before or at the time of his embarkation;
In response to the suggestion that set-off should be subject to the stay to allow the insolvency representative an opportunity to review the respective claims, it was noted that different substantive rules and procedural mechanisms addressing set-off were provided in the various legal systems.
The first emergency appeal for $39.2 million was oversubscribed and funded to a total of $44.5 million.
We are, therefore, pleased at the Secretary-General's establishment of the High-level Panel to assess the role of the United Nations in dealing with new global threats, challenges and change.
We can get out of the deepest wells by not stopping, never giving up, shaking it off, and taking a step up!
And, since completion of these programmes is often a requirement of parole, women's lesser access to these programmes than men commonly results in delays in women's release, and extended hardship for their families and children.
3. Also stresses the need to preserve and develop Palestinian national institutions and infrastructure for the provision of vital public services to the Palestinian civilian population and to contribute to the promotion and protection of human rights, including economic and social rights;
There is little hope of his recovery.
(c) UNESCO: Regional International Non-Governmental Youth Organization Consultations: WOSM co-organized the consultations for Latin America, Africa and Asia.
250. While acknowledging the gravity of the situation, namely the possible existence of facts on which the principle of "ecological necessity" could be grounded, the Court nevertheless had difficulties in accepting that the alleged peril (i.e. the "uncertainties" as to the ecological impact of the barrage system) was sufficiently certain and therefore imminent in 1989 when notice of suspension and abandonment was given.
Agenda items 133 and 140
Rio+10 Declaration
Sorry about that, but it's not really our fault. The contract does say that the hotel accommodation is not our responsibility.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
94. The interviews with patients and clinicians and the review of medical records revealed that the most common signs and symptoms were shortness of breath, blurred vision, loss of consciousness, headache, nausea, eye irritation, miosis, fatigue and hyper-salivation.
Without this the airforce deadline.
End-user license agreement
The present document, which is the fifth report on the Completion Strategy, is based on revised information provided by the Prosecutor and developments in 2005.
Many low-income countries have relied essentially on emergency assistance from donors, which often has involved the reallocation of existing loans, grants and project savings.
Regulation 9.3
A Workshop for National Private Sector Advisors, orga-nized by the Private Sector Development Programme, Bureau for Policy and Programme Support (UNDP), will be held today, 14 December 1994, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. in Conference Room D.
Stanford's Lindy La Rocque jumps onto Joslyn Tinkle as they celebrate beating Oklahoma in their Final Four semifinal April 4 in San Antonio.
2001/P/L.32/Add.1
Direct marketing represents about half of the total sales for UNICEF and allows a very targeted approach to buyers.
In both cases, however, one thing is clear: women want to hear that their partner likes their outfit but they also want to know if he doesn't.
The foregoing is not a criticism of any particular Government, but reflects the complaints and reports that have reached the Special Rapporteur from numerous indigenous sources on problems relating to the consistency of the various levels of public administration with the requirements of international and domestic human rights legislation.
Gordon Brown may well be proud of his workaholic reputation but not all of his ministers feel the same way.
60. Several States under review directly supported recommendations.
1. Measures taken by member States on improving subregional connectivity in line with the secretariat's proposals and policy advice.
To talk of a new epoch, therefore, is to assume that investors are about to abandon the habits of a lifetime.
73. Rights to land and housing are major problems.
We always plug in on the literature and art programme.
The Boundary Determination of Mongolian BaseNP is an exploratory task based on POS Tagged Mongolian Corpora.
As the President of Sri Lanka had recently stated in his address to the General Assembly, no effort should be spared to complete the international legal framework for the struggle against terrorism.
56. Burundi submitted a special report pursuant to a decision to that effect adopted by the Committee on 29 October 1993 at its forty-ninth session.9 Haiti submitted a special report, which was considered at the Committee's fifty-third session (see paras. 55 and 224-241).
(h) Enhancing freedom of the press;
Thank you for a wonderful meal.
Adoption of national drug control strategies and plans
(d) To seriously consider responding to assistance requests to enhance the capacity of States to effectively implement the Programme of Action;
It is the view of the Bangladesh Government that because of the powers granted to the Bangladesh executive under the said statute implementing legislation may in many cases not be called for.
It happened during the winter of 1961, when twelve-year-old Charles, Prince of Wales, was visiting his mother's Sandringham retreat.
A:  I arrive at 8 oclock every morning, and I make a list of things I must do that day
55. The following are the measures taken to combat social exclusion, racism and racial discrimination directed against immigrants and national ethnic minorities, especially the Gypsies, who are the main victims of racial discrimination:
Increasingly, water qualityrelated environmental problems are becoming international in scope as local pollution problems spread across borders.
56. The Special Committee requests the Secretary-General to make available to the United Nations membership a comprehensive report with recommendations on the issue of sexual exploitation and abuse by military, civilian police and civilian personnel in United Nations peacekeeping missions managed by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations -- with due regard being given to the sensitivity of the subject matter.
Sorry,mumi,papa,but with all due respect, We have to go.
Through the United Nations Charter, the entire membership of the United Nations solemnly confers on the Security Council the primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security and authorizes the Council to act on its behalf in fulfilling that responsibility.
The revised framework will then be fully integrated into the talent management system through the recruitment and performance management modules and in all learning and development programmes;
It was recommended in paragraph 23 of the report that provisions made under the respective sections of the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007, together with extrabudgetary funds, be used to cover the need for supplementary resources that had been identified.
Tatiana Guderzo
IT have acquired Very abundance unpleasant habits recently.
51. The Africa regional office of the World Health Organization (WHO) in partnership with the NEPAD secretariat and the African Council for Sustainable Health Development, co-hosted a consultation meeting on the crises facing human resources for health in the African region.
In this way, United Nations organizations, with reference to their specific mandate, have over the years brought new ideas and purpose to the development debate.
And now we have the statement he has just made.
In this regard, the Government of Tajikistan reaffirms its position of principle to settle all existing political differences through peaceful negotiations, and calls upon the Tajik opposition to fulfil the obligations it has assumed.
Trees grow along both banks of the canal.
22. Communications equipment
Light stimulates plant growth.
(UNA015-02021) New York Liaison Office (UN-Habitat)
Indonesian Wikipedia
A. Gender distribution of staff at the Professional and higher levels in the Secretariat
squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat that was sweeping him a deep bow.
32. The reduced requirements result from the abolishment of two temporary positions previously approved for the Conduct and Discipline Team.
Manchester United comes China most is the business objective primarily, how do you treat this competition's point of view are?
Mountain madtom
1860s natural disasters
722. The Ministers took note with appreciation of the adoption of the Resolution 68/139 on improvement of the situation of women in rural areas and recognized the important role played by rural women in sustainable development.
Every child born after January 1, 2006 receive contribution of amount MNT 100.000, also contribution of amount MNT 20,000 allowed to all mothers in 5th month of their pregnancy disregard of their livelihood level.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 10 October 2003, at 10 a.m.
adjustment to surroundings direct, guide, lead
Finally, a matter which must not escape the concern of States is the high costs that a State must face in order to gain access to the Court.
There is every basis for believing that multilateral disarmament can break free from deadlock.
The author lodged an appeal on 22 November 2002.
Figure V
As clearly exemplified by disasters and armed conflicts, the poor, women and children are the most vulnerable to its effects.
76. Turning to the question of self-determination, he said it was important to bear in mind that Angola had been a victim of mercenary activities, including an attempt to overthrow the Government, and had combated such activities at the international level since independence.
And then , the global convergence theories and the convergence rate of the algorithm are given.
Some say step pricing can be used to protect a basic water allowance for drinking, cooking and washing – either for very low prices or for free, as it is in South Africa.
One spoon of gold of ten shekels, full of incense:
These reports appeared to emphasize particular issues that could "elicit certain responses from some Council members".
Fiduciary duty is one of the - standing and - established legal systems of Angle - American law, which has strong vitality.
enlighten [in'laitn] vt. inform; teach; illuminate Whatever we may do to enlighten ourselves or others, guard against checking or chilling a single earnest sentiment
Making time for family
Tomorrow, in Geneva, we must show the world what this Organization, and the international community, can deliver.
To him the big trunk hustler was a subject for private contempt.
While poverty is a critical underlying driver of the epidemic in Afghanistan, the Government aims to minimize any social or economic barriers to accessing health services by providing care free of cost in order to improve the health of all Afghans.
Give Mr. Snipa's wife's knife a swipe.
B. Pending applications for contracts for exploration
There are now 1,860 registered CDM projects in 58 countries.
51. Mr. Ndong Mba (Equatorial Guinea), while welcoming the fact that no Committee member had opposed the inclusion of the item, said that it was important to decide on the most appropriate time for its consideration by the Committee.
11. Adoption of the report of the Commission on its fifty-sixth session.
About 1.7 million acres of farmland were damaged, and without major investment, the U.N. said, Myanmar risks missing its next rice harvest and could face food shortages, as well as poor harvests in the years ahead.
Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm has faster convergence than dichotomy.
12. Invites the 2010 Social Forum to submit a report containing conclusions and recommendations to the Council;
Subprogramme 2. Transport
Forward contracts are agreements negotiated directly between two parties in the OTC markets.
8. Requests the Executive Director to develop subregional, regional and interregional programmes as mechanisms to promote South-South cooperation, including triangular cooperation, through exchanges of experts, best practices and policy options;
In its tax inspection report, however, it did use the information provided to it by the DSSC on 17 August 2001 on the use of computer equipment seized during the search of Civil Initiatives' premises (see para. 2.2 above).
Such support should be based on effective coordination among health-care and social-service providers, and the housing sector.
(b) Informal consultation on the draft UNFPA strategic plan, 2014-2017, and the draft integrated budget, 2014-2017;
(f) Family benefits
II. Cases by text and article
Focusing on elections in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Georgia and the Russian Federation, the study found that internally displaced persons are often unable to vote on the same terms as their non-displaced compatriots owing to practical difficulties posed by situations of displacement or deliberate policy choices by national and local authorities.
Settling down and having kids was always part of Perry's plan, even back in the days when she wasn't sure she would be a tremendous success.
Given the fact that the time allocated to this meeting has elapsed and that simultaneous interpretation services will no longer be available, and also given the importance of this matter, I refer this problem to the members of the General Assembly to decide the best way to proceed.
McPherson County, South Dakota
Denmark Trinidad and Tobago France Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago Finland Guyana
Mainstreaming the environment is a theme strongly emphasized by the Panel in its recommendations.
Despite clearly defined targets for increased gender equality, many institutions lack an equally clear willingness to implement measures and breadth of measures.
He repeats his demand for compensation from the State party, in the amount of 4 million dollars.
A draft order has been submitted concerning control of the electronic means of preparing and filing the prior bill of lading.
We have every hope that your efforts will be successful.
Promotion and protection of all human rights, civil,
Item 7: Implementation of agreed conclusions and recommendations of the Commission, including post-Doha follow-up
As stated on earlier occasions, Slovenia sees Germany and Japan among the candidates for new permanent seats.
2. Expresses serious concern that, after a decade of welcomed steady economic growth, the least developed countries are facing significant challenges in sustaining their economic growth and that their economies are estimated to have grown by 3.3 per cent in 2012, which is considerably below the target of 7 per cent per annum set out in the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2011 - 2020;2
Women are completely equal to men with respect to the right to obtain bank loans and real-estate mortgages as long as they meet the necessary requirements.
The institutions needed for the effective functioning of such schemes have not been established in the countries that risk marginalization.
(a) UNEP should ensure timely closure of completed projects (1990–1991 and 1994–1995);
Training on decent work and labour statistics, informality, child labour, wages and hours, establishment surveys and Millennium Development Goals indicators, CPI and ISCO, among other topics, was carried out in the past two years, sometimes in partnership with other international organizations, including the World Bank, the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, ECA, ECLAC, ESCWA, the African Development Bank and the Statistical Institute for Asia and the Pacific (SIAP).
enclosed in or set off by a border or box.
The Committee recalls that the complainant did not apply for asylum in Sweden prior to his deportation.
The General Conference, in pursuance of Article 10.1 of the Constitution, elected the following twenty-seven members to the Programme and Budget Committee to hold office until the close of the fourteenth regular session of the Conference in 2011:
In these two major areas, the population aged 60 or over is less urbanized than the total population.
Sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, if yet to do so, without condition and without delay.
This commitment is informed by our belief that nuclear disarmament and nuclear non-proliferation are inextricably linked and that simultaneous progress on both fronts is required.
4.7 The National Guidance on Regulations for Transport of Infectious Substances, in accordance with WHO/HSE/EPR/2008.10, "Guidance on regulations for the transport of infectious substances 2009-2010", entered into force for the Republic of Moldova on March 2011 (http://www.cnsp.md/down/info1310369463ro.pdf).
The paper presents a high accuracy digit velocity device and speed feedback control loop.
Teacher - student ratio in public funded schools
Yet even a sampling of laws demonstrates that inequality, in its most overt form, has not been vanquished.
"Failure to comply with the requirements of the Code by a recognized CA may result in suspension or revocation of the recognition granted," he added.
*** Term expires on 31 December 2003. **** Term expires on 31 December 2004. 8. In accordance with article 18 of its statute, which provides that "the Unit shall elect each year from among the Inspectors a Chairman and Vice-Chairman", and following the Unit's decision, announced in its 1997 annual report, not to follow, as of 1999, the previous practice of regional rotation for a one-year term in filling those two posts, the Unit re-elected Mr. Louis-Dominique Ouedraogo as Chairman and Mr. Sumihiro Kuyama as Vice-Chairman for the calendar year 2000.
This means I get specific, if you narrow down your subject of curiosity enough you can usually get a book that matches
67. It is urgent that resources be targeted to rural areas, first to stem the out-migration of youth, and second to sustain the independence of older persons.
Mark : It depends, rut it usually takes about two or three hoours.
Install septic if you don't already have one.
Experienced specialty chiefs also receive good salaries in luxury restaurants.
Hananiah spoke in the presence of all the people, saying, "Thus says the Lord, 'Even so will I break within two full years the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all the nations.
The hurricane's anatomy was powerful and complex.
He can speak several dialects.
130 Let us draft a resolution about it
26. The United Nations needs to adopt a more proactive approach to public information policy for peace-keeping operations.
Each State Party shall make every effort to collect reliable relevant data with respect to cluster munition victims.
9. Protection of freedom of conscience and worship
1. In its resolution 61/275, the General Assembly approved the terms of reference for the Independent Audit Advisory Committee and decided that it would comprise five members, to be appointed by the General Assembly.
What is English assistant's duty?
His ego allows him to be humble, if you see what I mean.
) Hairdresser: Hey, wake up
We must chart new social and human territory in order to achieve these goals, first of all, through South-South cooperation, and then through international cooperation, in all areas that have a bearing on the human resources development agenda.
Lesson2 : Choose Your Parents Carefully A young man asked an old rich man how he made his money
The meeting was called to order at 3.10 p.m.
DHS may have some ethnic data in their files, for certain countries, but this data is not part of the databases found on the United Nations website.
Traffic offence judges
The transmission through one-dimensional photonic crystal coupled-resonator containing defect layers with negative refractive index is studied by using transfer matrix method.
The European Union is encouraged by the ongoing release of 52 political prisoners from the group imprisoned in 2003, and reiterates its call to the Cuban Government to unconditionally release all political prisoners.
Answer 12 :  Kangning  road can not be extended eastward to connect with the Baifo Road.
:: Assessment of actual savings from reduction of "120 per cent cap" provision to 110 per cent, effective for separations on 1 July 1995 or later;
38. In his opening remarks, the Chair of round table 2, Lazarous Kapambwe, Permanent Representative of Zambia to the United Nations, highlighted that the crisis continued to affect developing countries through finance, debt and trade channels.
Finally, use of the Internet has been useful in maintaining a degree of transparency of the Committee's work, especially with regard to the list of senior UNITA officials and adult members of their immediate families.
(b) Women in development;
9. In mid-June 2005, the Special Rapporteur held further meetings with officials of United Nations agencies, representatives of Member States, including Myanmar, and civil society organizations in connection with his mandate.
 69. Apart from weapon limitation, the ABM Treaty is also relevant to the study because of the norms it has established on the use of NTMs for verification purposes.
Television and Entertainment Licensing Authority
:: Stepping up legislative work regarding health care and strengthening law-enforcement efforts, in order to improve and implement laws, regulations and departmental policies that focus on women's health.
Mr. Bush's statement appeared to be at odds with the recommendations of the Iraq Study Group which said on Wednesday that America should talk directly to Iran and Syria without preconditions.
The person of attend a lecture laughs on the side unceasingly.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
Isay
Annex IV: Other issues;
Vojislav Šešelj
45. The Meeting noted that most of the issues addressed in the United Nations conferences held in recent years would be considered at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
While it has remained committed to the basic principles articulated by its founders, ICTSD has evolved into a dynamic, internationally respected provider of news and analysis of issues in trade and sustainable development.
The degree of pressure rising is varied in different degree esophagitis and will lead to different curative effect.
In response to this, the Industrial Development Board decided in IDB.38/Dec.9 to recommend to the General Conference at its fourteenth session that the existing medium-term programme framework (MTPF), 2010-2013 remain in force until its scheduled expiry in 2013, but that it be adjusted through a midterm review to be conducted in 2011 and submitted through the Programme and Budget Committee to the Industrial Development Board.
Commanders have even sold weapons to children so they could enter the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme.
Women are particularly affected by weak or non-existent social protection systems because they are located in more precarious jobs, can ill afford to save for the future or pay premiums for private insurance and rarely own enough wealth to tide them through crisis or secure them in old age (see chap. VI).
(a) Develop and maintain appropriate effective measures to account for and secure such items in production, use, storage or transport;
In December 2011, UNCTAD collaborated with WHO to ensure greater access by the poor to pharmaceutical products in developing countries.
I remember my friend the Ambassador of India, Arundati Ghose, denouncing with matchless skill the “hall with trick mirrors” in which we were all moving, with her in first place.
Nevertheless, we should acknowledge that our endeavours in this regard are only the initial stage of a longer process and that they will bear fruit only if we approach the issue in a spirit of good faith and focused attention.
In the Caribbean, UNDCP trained judicial and law enforcement personnel to improve the prosecution and adjudication of drug offences and post-conviction asset forfeiture procedures.
Staff assessment income
Membership of the Economic and Social Council in the Organizational Committee of the Peacebuilding Commission
Ambassador
9. The opinion was expressed that under subprogramme 2, Weapons of mass destruction, due emphasis on nuclear disarmament should be maintained, as reflected in the strategic framework for the period 2012-2013.
Private Cars - 21,900
UNEP is also working with the Government on an initiative to take stock of green policies promoted by Brazilian states and to produce an inventory of the frameworks and indices used to measure progress in greening economies.
Also reflective of the important and potential role that United Nations agencies can play in enhancing the impact and sustainability of United Nations Trust Fund grantees are the efforts made in India by UNICEF, which is supporting the continuation of a district-based programme by a former grantee, focusing on violence against women and children.
In his opinion, Swedish authorities never made a comprehensive investigation about his need for protection.
Now tell me your story, my little friend.
In the same referendum, an initiative seeking to enshrine in the Constitution a general ban on all abortions was rejected by an even larger majority (81.8% of voters in all cantons).
A: Do you watch Friends
I'm kind of sandwiched between two cars, and can't get out.
There is a lack of fresh water on the island.
Zambia also intends to domesticate CEDAW, and legislation is currently being developed which will be specific to gender based violence.
Smooth a small amount on thoroughly cleansed face and neck using gentle, upward strokes.
86. The examples below provide indications of traffickers’ use of advanced technology for their operations, often in regions where even basic communications and detection equipment is lacking on the law enforcement side.
Summary of official meetings
Our operation centre in Shanghai can rapidly response the customer request in East China.
The Committee notes that a statistical survey of the number of children who do not attend school was introduced in 2003 and it requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report disaggregated data on a comparative basis on enrolment and dropout rates among boys and girls and vulnerable groups.
 (a) A massacre of members of the group;
I have noticed a difference, though, in the degree to which modesty is emphasized in the United States and China. In the U.
No ornate decorations, and do not need too much of the force, only one true and also has the responsibility to the heart!
 Accordingly, Monaco ratified the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and intends in 1998 to play an active role, commensurate with our size and resources, during the International Year of the Ocean.
(k) As provided in its mandate, UNOCI should start making the necessary arrangements to help the Ivorian parties prepare for the forthcoming general elections, including through the establishment of an appropriately staffed and equipped electoral component;
She glided rather than walked, she never spoke; it was not quite known whether she breathed.
Note by the Secretariat
Third Committee
A wreck is defined as a sunken or stranded ship consequent to a maritime casualty.
UNICEF continues to work with United Nations agencies, NGOs and other partners to maximize its emergency support to children and women in the areas of health, nutrition, water and environmental sanitation, education, protection and HIV/AIDS prevention.
Parties, security rights, secured obligations and assets covered
√ 11,253 staff members at headquarters.b
Another project in the same country, designed to introduce a computer system to improve administration and management, was less effective, as end-users found the system introduced too slow and complex.
Nathalia Dill
After securing the top adapter, the magnet assembly and seal must be assembled.
The power of producing electricity may serve these fish both for defense and attack.
6. Approaches have evolved over time to examine product management over the course of the life cycle.
For example, when the Government of France decided to use its right of expulsion against German nationals after the First World War, "on 12 August 1922, 500 Germans designated by decree were expelled from Alsace and Lorraine".
In addition, monitoring and evaluation information will be used for organizational learning, by sharing lessons learned internally and with governing bodies and development partners.
“Tokelau’s decision to move from a system whereby each village selects, or appoints, its delegates to the General Fono, to one of elections, is significant in the wider context of preparation for self-determination; for the system now adopted provides for the effective participation of the people of Tokelau in their national government.
Table 1
5. Extent to which Government has sought and received United Nations country team support in providing South-South cooperation
Baseball venues in South Korea
 4. Fifty-nine military observers of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) assisted UNIFIL in the performance of its tasks.
It also expressed its "solidarity with the families and friends of victims and with all those who suffer from these brutal and inhuman acts".
That's a northern temple style bold staff.
It was an investigation he never got to complete. Because on one calamitous night, Raley's world was shattered.
The ready availability of such information on official websites can be advantageous in facilitating the collection and presentation of disease outbreak information for CBM B.
16 April 2002
Human environment and even the town of good character.
Peacebuilding Commission
Vaneau
United Nations Human Settlements Programme
Pieces of incoming and outgoing postal mail and packages processed
Documentation
As an honest broker, the United Nations system should be the first to take a stand against conditional aid.
Atlantic Beach, Florida
49. Mr. Spitzer (United States of America) said that citizens of his country, as well as Government, had made progress in a broad range of efforts to eradicate racism in all its forms in their multi-cultural society.
For example, many developing countries do not have safe water and mixing contaminated water with powdered formula is a common cause of death among infants.
5. Nepal has experienced an internal armed conflict since CPN-M launched its insurgency in February 1996.
The GUUAM group believed that the commitments made to strengthening an equitable multilateral system had been sincere and that a momentum for specific measures would be restored during the next WTO negotiations.
We are also concerned by the continued erosion of respect for the civil society observers to the Kimberley Process.
289. The Special Rapporteur pointed out that two alterations to the text had been made in the third report: (1) the title had been changed; and (2) the phrase "ipso facto" had been replaced by "necessarily".
In those situations, the foreign representative might have a legitimate interest to intervene in such proceedings.
Mine prodders
As the thought-form of fission dissipates a new journey emerges for the return journey to the Tao within.
UNDG to continue to facilitate the establishment of harmonized procedures, including on data collection and information management system-building on systems in place at emergency phase
1. Implementation measures
(b) The formation of money-laundering units in the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency and in Saudi banks, responsible for ensuring that no money-laundering transactions or suspicious activities take place and for notifying the competent authorities;
Buka Island
 10. In accordance with the consensus reached at Vienna, the European Union would defend the existing monitoring mechanisms against any attempts to reduce their scope or interfere with the independent execution of their mandates.
The manner of her nomination prompted an objection by the staff association.
1. To adopt the statement by the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation in connection with the adoption of the act on the protection of military grave sites by the Parliament of the Republic of Estonia;
First, their countries seek no aggrandizement, territorial or other;
g The approved budgets as reflected in the final budget appropriations on a biennial basis.
Because of the feature of low cost and disproportional permeability reducing for oil and water, Gel is suitable for bullheaded water shutoff.
Fiscal revenue of local governments kept sustained and rapid growth.
2nd Saturday of every month
They include a systematic approach to strengthen existing integrated planning approaches through the life cycle of a mission, and enhanced provision of information on institution-building outcomes, planning assumptions, inputs and risks to the General Assembly through existing mechanisms, in particular reports and proposed budgets.
Mr. Yumkella's professional background and experience within UNIDO qualified him well to preside over the Organization.
1. Endorses the list of activities recommended by the Working Group on Indigenous Populations to the Coordinator for the Second Decade of the World’s Indigenous People for possible inclusion in the programme of action of the Second Decade (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2005/26, annex IV), compiled in compliance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2005/49;
(j) Increase South-South programmes.
In a subsequent submission, the complainant refers to a statement (urgent action) of 10 January 2002 by Amnesty International considering the complainant to be at risk of torture in the event of a return to Egypt due to her family links.
4. The Institute functions under the authority of an Executive Board comprising 10 Member States elected by the Economic and Social Council.
 Finally, Germany provided financial support for research and teaching in international law, in particular by a yearly contribution of DM 40,000 to The Hague Academy of International Law.
37. During Operation Cast Lead, affected individuals and NGOs filed two petitions with the Supreme Court of Israel.
On the other hand, one gets a better sense of the challenges to the potential work of the Peacebuilding Commission.
In this state of desolation you alone remained to conduct the government and to save the country.
Article 14 of the Convention: Special issues confronting rural women
Another advantage: The chip is an analog processor.
The strong momentum created in the previous deliberations on the issue should not be reduced by other United Nations reforms, although those are equally important.
Twentieth session
Harry Potter come and live here!It's the best place for him, said Dumbledore firmly.
Any ratification or accession to the Convention made after 28 July 1994 represents consent to be bound by the Agreement as well.
They would stoke up with food and then join in the battle.
Millions of families are facing the loss of homes and jobs.
The Status settlement will ensure Kosovo's security.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/68/456/Add.2)]
B. Policy
Eubanks Point
The internal control systems and financial records are subject to review by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the United Nations Board of Auditors, during their respective audits.
Requests for bookings must be made in advance.
(i) Operating and other types of reserves are included in the totals for reserves and fund balances shown in the financial statements;
Palau, United States of America.
1. The round table was opened by Mr. Ivan Eržen, President of the International Conference on Chemicals Management, who recalled that the focus of the session was on how to improve synergies between health and the environment to build on the good work that was already under way around the world.
Accordingly, his delegation had voted in favour of the resolution.
States willing to forego sensitive fuel-cycle facilities should be given incentives, including guarantees of a fuel supply at a reasonable price.
(b) A note by the Secretariat on criminal accountability of United Nations officials and experts on mission (A/62/329);
(a) Increased number of countries and regional economic communities applying best practices and policies in democratic governance, human rights and post-conflict reconstruction and development frameworks within the context of the African Peer Review Mechanism process
19. Groundwater represents perhaps less than 5 per cent of Canada's total water use (van der Leeden and others, 1990); however, more than 6 million people, or about one fifth of the population, rely on groundwater for municipal and domestic use (Environment Canada, 1997).
Article 36. Amendments
Under circumstances, such disparity will vanish or change. With the development of economy and society, technology innovation will play a more important role in a industry structure.
The mandate of the Panel of Experts did not extend to fact-finding or investigation and therefore fell short of what would have been required, but it did assess the nature and scope of alleged violations.
Adele flew to the window.
DPP emphasized that on 20 November 2001, the Haderslev court had convicted Ms. Petersen to 20day fines of DKr 300 for violation of section 266 (b) (1) and that her sentence would not have been much more severe if the current offence had been included in that case.
A related objective is to enhance the profile of the United Nations integrity-building and corruption-control efforts just as Member States gather in Mexico to sign the United Nations Convention against Corruption at the end of the year.
31. NPT supplier States parties should facilitate the fullest possible cooperation in the peaceful use of nuclear energy by NPT compliant non-nuclear-weapon States, with due consideration for the needs of developing countries, and in ways consistent with the non-proliferation obligations and objectives of the Treaty.
Vampires have long been a part of the folklore of certain areas, particularly in parts of Eastern Europe.
Partially to fill the shortfall, it is planned at this time to raise the authorized strength of the Engineering Service from 1,000 to 1,515 and to recruit an additional 531 personnel.
And if it won't kill you, then maybe that helps us fight it.
Article 44 This Law shall enter into force as of July 1, 1994.
Indeed, 42% of Chinese exports go to Europe, the United States, and Japan – three economies that are flirting with secular stagnation.
Bijie
Outstanding claims in closed missions with cash deficits as at 30 June 2012
Also on a procedural matter, it was noted that each year the Assembly ended up extending the date of recess it had adopted at the outset of the session, and wondered whether this could be improved through greater discipline on the part of Member States.
I would like to highlight a few features of life in the new SAR.
10. The statement of financial implications concerning resolution 5/1, dated 15 June 2007, estimated that universal periodic review conference-servicing costs under section 2, General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services, would total US$ 3,847,300 per year.
Ms. Maivân Clech Lâm (American Indian Law Alliance)
Compulsory education
Such strategies could include pricing orientation, omission from guidebooks and promotion among consumers of other tourist sites.
He said he wasn't in control.
It remains critical for the international community to do much more -- and urgently -- in mitigation and adaption to deal with the effects of climate change.
 3. The mission visited the area from 22 to 30 October 1993.
That potential cost would have to be deducted from the claim for retention; and accordingly the most convenient course would be to recommend an award to the contractor of a suitable percentage of the unpaid retention.
In chapter III, the human rights dimensions of preventable maternal mortality and morbidity are identified, with reference to the relevant existing international and regional legal framework, including the jurisprudence, general comments and recommendations, and concluding observations of the human rights treaty monitoring bodies and judicial and quasi-judicial bodies.
We must go further in this process by courageously facing related issues, such as permanent membership and the veto power, in order to make a representative, democratic, transparent, relevant and effective Council.
;[26:21.61]97.You should make up your mind.
This system is now ready for commissioning and commencement of the water treatment disinfection programme.
Yes 鈥?I said.
Emphasizing the purposes and principles of the UN Charter and recalling the relevant resolutions of the United Nations Security Council and also resolutions of United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan of 13 August 1948 and 5 January 1949 upholding the right to self-determination of the people of Jammu and Kashmir;
Start early because it will take time.
Leticia,joe's time of 4:40 Is still the best.
These practices were allegedly facilitated by the existence of a procedure under which suspects could be held in custody incommunicado for a maximum period of four days.
A. Reports submitted under resolution 1455 (2003)
16. Participants made a formal presentation of their evaluation of the course to representatives from the Office for Outer Space Affairs, SIDA, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm and several selected course lecturers.
Ambassador
The numerical modeling of pulverized coal combustion in an oxygen coal combustor was made by using the continuum trajectory model.
Also ask them for suggestions to improve the project.
Crimes committed by persons participating in United Nations operations should not be viewed as merely domestic crimes.
Status of contributions for the biennium ended 31 December 2009
In accordance with decision 3/COP.8 (paragraph 27), the Conference of the Parties (COP) of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) at its eighth session requested the Joint Inspection Unit (JIU) to conduct an assessment of the Global Mechanism (GM) and submit it to the ninth session of the COP.
We need to believe that we are successful, we are no worse if no better than others. The esteem of people is the respect and recognition we gain from other people, by or through our work or our activities in other social groups.
The Government of the Netherlands has expressed its commitment to fully finance the meeting. That includes hotel costs for the judges and the Prosecutor as well as the follow-up meeting of the judges in The Hague for a period of up to two days.
The vehicles were to depart by ship from the port of Klaipeda (Lithuania) on 14 May 2005 for Abidjan.
(b) The right to bank loans, mortgages and other forms of financial credit;
Ilyushin Il-10
Marvin weighs over two-hundred pounds.
It was highlighted that, in fulfilling their reporting obligations, States parties should make maximum use of the potential of the self-assessment checklist, which provided for the identification and subsequent dissemination of good practices on the implementation of the Convention.
The tours to these scenic historical sites after watching the Olympic Games will surely leave you many fond memories of this trip
117. OIOS assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls to ensure that survivors' benefits payable to spouses and former spouses are processed accurately, efficiently and in compliance with the applicable regulations, rules, policies and procedures.
Any person with legal capacity duly empowered to appear in court, with the exception of persons listed in article 71 of the Code, may be a representative ad litem.
:: The Government of the Republic of Montenegro maintained the reservations, declarations and objections, as set out in the annex to the instrument, which had been made by Serbia and Montenegro before the Republic of Montenegro assumed responsibility for its international relations.
92. At the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/2013/L.10, without a vote.
Civil Engineering - Head 705
Section 1 of the Marketing Act is a legal standard, which means that the provision is flexible and can reflect changes in society.
Ms. Ni Made Ayu
Timely action in the Commission on the Status of Women on the creation of such a position and its mandate would also facilitate the ongoing review by the Human Rights Council of the special procedures established by the Commission on Human Rights.
1. The possessors of registered weapons (see above) may carry weapons outside the authorized premises (place to be protected) only with a permit from the appropriate authorities.
This enabled us to set up the National Council for Indigenous Policy, the Committee on Indigenous Human Rights, regional and local inter-institutional coordination committees, the Mining Oversight Council, and national committees on health and education.
I hung up the phone and thought, this is too much heartache for one week.
 It also considered it necessary to establish criteria for the appropriate consideration of future requests for the granting of observer status for other non-governmental organizations in the General Assembly.
The Committee also welcomes the adoption, in May 2006, of new gender equality priorities.
Shun Lee ECC Offr i/c
But can China be persuaded to wield its influence constructively, rather than maintaining its pretense of neutrality when its assistance is badly needed?
Frank Lucas is the most dangerous man walking the streets of our city.
The member representative assembly every four years convene time.
Many voiced concern about the fate of innocent Afghani civilians.
84. The advent of new information and communications technologies, especially social media, has opened up new opportunities for fast and cost-effective communications.
:: Extension of 240 contracts for national and international staff
10. The Chairman then proposed that the Committee should recommend to the General Assembly the adoption of a draft resolution entitled "Credentials of representatives to the sixty-second session of the General Assembly" (see para. 12).
Fifth Committee
Sixty-fourth session
Let me conclude my statement by calling on all concerned parties to demonstrate the necessary political will and determination to move the international disarmament and non-proliferation agenda forward.
To enable coverage of a range of issues that relate to CEDAW, the workshops were conducted in a focus-group style.
Article 16 The overseas use of foreign exchange insurance funds shall lay stress on the match with foreign exchange liabilities in respect of term structure and currency structure.
123. Paragraph 199 of the Expert Group's report refers to instances when the Detention Unit and the Registry were reluctant to cooperate "when the Prosecutor has sought the assistance of the Detention Unit with respect to electronic interception of [conduct that the Prosecutor has reason to believe could prejudice or affect ICTY proceedings or investigations] and which the Prosecutor had reason to believe was authorized by rule 66".
Sixteenth, part two
46. The Secretary-General states in his report that in order to plan, monitor and coordinate the widespread mission support services in the Abyei Area, the headquarters of the Border Monitoring Mission, sector headquarters and team sites, a Logistics Assistant (Field Service) is required in the Joint Logistics Operations Centre to conduct reconnaissance of deployments to temporary operating bases and inspections of deployed sites to monitor the operational effectiveness of logistics support services (see A/66/722, para. 47).
The review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary.
2. No communication shall be received by the Committee if it concerns a State Party to the Convention that is not a party to the present Protocol.
Providing clear guidance and the necessary tools would facilitate a testing phase for a monitoring and evaluation framework to assess progress under the capacity-building framework and would improve knowledge on climate change capacity-building activities and their results.
It was said that Note 19 ought to highlight requirements not only for filing and delivering the award, but also in respect of the content of or formalities in respect of an award.
 127. With regard to paragraph 24, the view was expressed that the decision to confer by telecommunications (e.g., by telefax or multilateral telephone conversation) depended on a number of factors and not only on the number of procedural issues to be resolved.
Mandates and policies that affect the subject should be mentioned;
Mikhail Dmitriev (Russian Federation)
During the last two decades, the product cycle and delivery of travel and tourism services have been radically transformed by changes in the distribution system.
A woman chairs the institute's board of trustees.
 Taking note of the report to the General Assembly of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, [8]/ in which he declared that human rights education is "essential for the encouragement of harmonious inter-community relations, for mutual tolerance and understanding and finally for peace",
8. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Arbitrary detention
Anguilla
Chaired by the Minister of Defence, the meeting was attended by representatives of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), the African Union, the European Union, the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries, UNIOGBIS and other bilateral partners, including Portugal and Spain.
High-level segment
Budgetary control, para. 21
It is essential to better evaluate its role in the general culture of humankind.
The topics are not arranged according to how they would appear in courses.
Burning hot summer was about to come, prepare beautiful sweetmeats cup at once! Let this summer pass sweetly cool and refreshing.
He seemed little more than a boy-with a narrow, sharp-featured face.
4. At the 9th meeting, on 11 October, the Chief of the Policy Development and Studies Branch of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Division for United Nations Affairs of the United Nations Development Programme made introductory statements.
UNDOF
Figure 2.
First I would just send my resume to every game studio's human resource department asking for an internship regardless of if I saw one posted or not.
He also told them time and again that they must obey orders and explained why.
27. Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States (P.27).
Listening, he became aware of someone calling out with a muffled voice, "Let me out.
The Judge was at a meeting of the Raisin Growers Association, and the boys were busy organizing an athletic club, on the memorable night of Manuels treachery
United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, China, September 1995;
Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
HKSAR Passports Appeal Board
"      Despite marked differences in expectations, 64 percent of those questioned agree that financial security is important to the success of a relationship.
General services officer
Because dinosaurs are extinct the scientists had very little to go on.
According to a study by the Office of the Minister for the Family and the Status of Women, 33.5 per cent of all those in a sample of persons attacked in one way or another, said that they had not reported the incident, which represents 78 per cent of that population.
Now be a good boy, else the black man will come down the chimney after you.
Interim law enforcement responsibilities
Further joint messaging and visible joint engagement may help in this direction.
www.un.org/es/journal/
During strengthened country exterior finance supervising and managing, must gradually consummate the financial organ autonomy mechanism.
December has been nominated as the day of the election.
In our own subregion, we have initiated measures to address the issue of poverty in earnest.
Nidzica County
you guys think it's kind of weird we replaced our parents with a couple of gay dudes?
179-181 °C α-HBCD
(p) Report of the Secretary-General on reducing nuclear danger (A/57/401);
 (d) Bringing into effect the complaints procedure elaborated in annex IV;
In response to the PRRA officer's contention that there is no evidence that the LTTE pursue people who refuse to carry out low-level ancillary activities, the authors refer to the 2006 UNHCR report which states, inter alia, that those who refuse to support the LTTE and those who are perceived as supporters or sympathizers of the Government, risk serious violations of human rights from the LTTE.
(c) To continue to consider the question of impunity in the light of the relevant provisions of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance and of the final reports submitted by the Special Rapporteur appointed by the SubCommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights;
The Ministry of Education (MOE) recognises that to improve the rate of participation in tertiary education among disabled people, Tertiary Education Organisations (TEOs) must be accessible to people with disabilities.
Providing Web-based services to students and educators enables access to information and makes it possible for everyone – regardless of financial resources, location, or influence – to become educated.
The feasibility of establishing juvenile courts in Shanghai and elsewhere in China is under consideration.
The Commission decided that the Centre should continue to operate beyond 2011 as a subsidiary body of the Commission, and requested the Executive Secretary to take all steps necessary for the implementation of the resolution.
The Office of the Ombudsmen also reports annually to Parliament.
No specific steps have been taken by the Government to encourage the media to provide equal opportunity to female and male candidates.
Friday, 14 December 2012, from 13:15 to 14:30, in Conference Room 7 (NLB).
- including women dentists specialists
Because of the multidisciplinarity and complexity of entrepreneurship phenomenon many fields try to expatiate and explain it on their own views.
Article 4 All nationalities in the People's Republic of China are equal.
1. Calls upon all States, regional organizations, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant bodies to continue to provide assistance to alleviate the needs of refugees and internally displaced persons, bearing in mind in particular the special situation of women, children, the elderly and other vulnerable groups, and to assist financially and otherwise in seeking durable solutions for a safe return of refugees and internally displaced persons to their places of origin or for their settling at their place of refuge for those who want to integrate locally, in cooperation with the local authorities, with a successive transition to development projects related to durable solution of these questions;
None of these things have a positive return.
Your tools will quickly start to evolve and your staff will start to get the training they need to be more agile.
We heard the Chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Mr. Pachauri present compelling evidence on the state of the world climate.
Co-processing should only be applied only if all tangible preconditions and requirements of environmental, health and safety, social, economic and operational criteria are fulfilled (UNEP, 2007).
At its seventh meeting, the Working Group heard presentations by Ms. Josefina Stubbs of the World Bank and Ms. Claire Nelson of the Inter-American Development Bank.
If AIDS is defeated, it will be thanks to an alliance of science, activism and altruism.
(Mexico)
Part I. Introduction Isis International (Isis) is committed to the promotion of women's empowerment, greater social justice, and people-centred development.
Material for inclusion in the Journal should be addressed to the attention of Ms. Sylvie Deschênes (e-mail journal@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-3888 and 963-6776; room IN-0908, 300 East 42nd Street).
13. The Contact Group on Piracy off the Coast of Somalia held its fifth plenary session on 28 January and reiterated its pledge to continue its counter-piracy activities.
Informal "informal" consultations, convened by the Facilitator, Mr. Peter Le Roux (South Africa), on the draft resolution on agenda item 50 (c) (External debt crisis and development), will be held on Wednesday, 19 October 2005, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room B.
Replies received from Governments
In addition to the painful austerity measures entailed by implementation of the reforms, the economies of the least developed countries had to endure declining aid flows, debt overhang and depressed commodity prices.
That situation had seriously affected their performance and image.
They're the ones -- the few, the proud, the downright worshipped -- who earn their followers' respect.
Mr. François Gayibor Association
Before he was taken to his death, he signed a farewell message to her, From your Valentine.
Emphasizing that States, regional organizations, non-governmental organizations, religious bodies and the media have an important role to play in promoting tolerance, respect and freedom of religion or belief,
Despite the principle of equality, however, custom and tradition still have an influence among some, at least. Some families take measures that, in practice, lead to males inheriting a greater share than females.
The ultimate taxpayer protection will be the market stability provided as we remove the troubled assets from our financial system.
62. One delegation, while agreeing that it was valid to set out high goals for the MYFF and have a road map on how to attain them, observed that it would be useful to have a contingency plan to avoid frustration.
 b/ One hundred and fifty three troops leaving the Mission by 31 January 1996.
Article 27.State secrets shall, depending on the circumstances, be accessible only to a certain number of people.
College education, as British philosopher Alfred North Whitehead said, should be energizing as the poet of our dreams and the architect of our purposes
Two Turkish military helicopters infringed international air traffic regulations and violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering the Nicosia FIR and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC.
Instead, the University regulates the courses to be taught and other academic activities according to the needs at the time.
Daily commute times for low-income formal-sector workers often exceed three hours, and the average direct cost of transportation is equivalent to roughly two hours of work at the minimum wage.
and switch from the higher gear back to the lower gear, then stop;
The king ordered them to relinquish the keys to the city and to prepare themselves for execution.
381. The Committee notes with satisfaction the efforts being made to implement affirmative action programmes in a number of areas, including the Federal Code of Electoral Institutions and Procedures and that these demonstrate a clear understanding of paragraph 1 of article 4 of the Convention.
On 20 November, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Israel, Tzipi Livni, conveyed to me in a phone call Israel's readiness to initiate discussions to clarify elements of the UNIFIL proposal.
3. Joint investigation teams
It was further acknowledged that the Security Council operated within the framework of international law in all its functions and that, in the light of changing global threats and challenges, the Council had continuously developed and expanded its approach to fulfilling its main task of maintaining international peace and security.
Joint written statement submitted by the Sudan Council Of Voluntary Agencies (SCOVA), a non-governmental organization in special consultative status, and the African-American Society for Humanitarian Aid and Development (ASHAD), a non-governmental organization on the Roster
 In Uganda, the project sponsored a multisectoral consultation, which has resulted in the mobilization of support to strengthen national managerial capacities, with emphasis on training, supervision, and information system development.
4. Conclusion of the work of the Committee
Introduction
Nearly always remembered before the desk, they do not know, how are you now.
For over 40 years, Citizens United for Rehabilitation of Errants has worked for the transformation of justice and prison systems from primarily retribution systems to primarily restoration, rehabilitation and reintegration systems.
As a policy option, national development banks can develop a system of private financing for ICT, with the participation of migrants and hometown associations.
The government proposed amendments to the Act on Protection of Youth from Sexual Exploitation, which is currently pending at the National Assembly.
The scholar is well versed in Greek and Latin , not to speak of English which is his mother tongue .
“Intellectual property including patents is the company's essential asset, which we have a right not to be disturbed.
D. Cases of custodial violence against women
16. Notwithstanding the information provided to the Committee in the State party report on the possibility for a person to submit to the Office of the Public Prosecutor a complaint of torture allegedly committed by a public official, the Committee regrets the lack of an independent complaint mechanism for receiving and conducting impartial and full investigations into the many allegations of torture reported to the authorities, and for ensuring that those found guilty are appropriately punished.
He notes that other government laws are studied by commissions, publicized and then released in an official publication.
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 47/211 and 48/218, the Administrator had placed the highest priority on accountability in the administration of UNDP operations and had emphasized managerial accountability.
Since its inception, the reform has been guided by a set of objectives, the foremost being the need to optimize the organization's effectiveness in meeting the needs of people of concern by shifting to a results-oriented way of working, realigning structures and reducing bureaucracy.
On 21 March, 22 of the 24 accused were sentenced to three years' imprisonment, commutable, for the crimes of aggravated illegal arrest in conjunction with the crime of coercion.
United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UN-Women)
155. The Commission, at its fifty-fourth session (2002), decided to include the topic "Shared natural resources" in its programme of work and appointed Mr. Chusei Yamada as Special Rapporteur.
CONTENTS
(c) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
We understand that, and we'll take it into consideration when we review the contract.
It was therefore imperative further to strengthen international efforts against terrorism.
Since 12 September, by the time of recess the General Assembly will have considered 143 items of a total of 177 agenda items and adopted 292 resolutions on them.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
Deferred revenue represents funds received from donors that will be recognized as revenue in future years when conditions are met or the revenue is earned.
Revenge
They have already been distributed to a wide range of actors involved in humanitarian work for implementation in the field, and training of staff is also ongoing.
She says she is related to the royal family.
A national emergency response control centre for acute occupational poisoning is to be established in order to direct and coordinate the response to toxic incidents in a unified manner.
In considering the danger of torture in the event of return, it is not enough to rely on mere probabilities or conjecture that the complainant was not recognized by the authorities of his country.
Variations on Marey's technique have been used by many other photographers since.
We strongly oppose racial discrimination.
Civilian personnel
Article 1 -- Definition of discrimination
7. The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (4 October 2010) referred to the report submitted by Greece on 10 July 2010 (see A/65/112, para. 18) and further reported as follows:
A man demonstrated that he would devote all his discoveries to the desert area where people can not be easy to develop a real civilization.
They may also share information they have obtained about aggressive or abusive tax avoidance schemes, such as those promoted by some international accounting firms.
2 May 1986 (CEDAW/C/5/Add.37)
:: Facilitation, through liaison with relevant authorities and civil society groups on both sides, of the conduct of pilgrimages and other religious and cultural observances to sites on both sides and in the buffer zone, including the provision of escorts, as needed
The problems of attenuation and disagreement of high frequency protection signal for the branch line and the operation mode of relay protection for high voltage line with branch of large size generator transformer unit etc are discussed.
America therefore needs to be strong enough to guarantee the seas and protect Taiwan from Chinese attack.
We'll... talk to her.
(US$ 9,431,765,186)
39. States parties must adopt an active approach to eliminating systemic discrimination and segregation in practice.
Templeton, I love you and I will marry you.
At the extreme, a chief executive overseeing the heads of finance, operations, sales, research and the like must spend time on time-consuming, one-on-one dynamics.
Its stated views are (a) that the matter of staffing and financing should be addressed before questions of membership; and (b) that the maximum number of members should remain at about the present number in order to assure scientific quality, effectiveness and efficiency.
However, concern that the Syrian government could intensify  its use of chemical weapons against rebel-held areas, or that rebels could initiate attacks or respond with captured chemical weapons, raises questions about the pattern’s durability and the international community’s reaction.
Growing up in a Christian home, steeped in "true love waits, " at one time in my life I hardly could grasp what a test of purity would look like.
Penal Code, Article 278/a, provides another provision related to the prevention of weapon transporting and international commerce of weapons.
a The author is inconsistent with regard to her references to articles. She refers to article 2 (c) alone, to article 2 (f) alone at other times and to both articles in the annexes.
This would improve the accountability framework as well as setting up a base for possible improvement to the funding model of the Centre.
1938 architecture
51. Recent encouraging stabilization efforts can only be sustained through the demonstration of the requisite political will by all national stakeholders, with continued international support, to stay the course towards a sustained and irreversible peacebuilding process.
Comprehensive technical services further improved.
33.3 Recognizing that sharing ideas, experiences, opportunities and costs is the only way to reduce our common vulnerability, the Department of Safety and Security will achieve its mission through an integrated and interdependent organizational approach by working closely with the security services of all the United Nations system agencies, funds and programmes, under the umbrella of the Inter-Agency Security Management Network.
The deceased's son testified that, on 29 May 1985, at about 2.30 a.m., he was awakened by his mother.
128. The following recommendations will be examined by Costa Rica, which will respond to them in due course, but no later than the twenty-seventh session of the Human Rights Council, in September 2014:
"87. Requests the Secretary-General, after consultation with the funds, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to submit a report to the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session of 2008, on an appropriate management process, containing clear guidelines, targets, benchmarks and time frames for the full implementation of the present resolution;
When you come down to the cold facts, we simply got to LET ON that a lantern's resky.
In Georgia, UNODC identified anti-corruption priorities for a new anti-corruption programme taking into account the findings identified through the review mechanism, and held a workshop to coordinate the drafting of a national strategy.
28 March 2002
309. The Board also followed up cases of fraud and presumptive fraud in paragraphs 115 to 118 of its previous report, in which 21 cases were reported (7 with a total value of $33,386 and the balance yet to be determined).
C. Operationalizing advocacy
When fervor under lives and the time whets subsides gradually, we will discover that will love side your me.
Note by the Co-Chairs ADP.2013.11.InformalSummary
48. In the light of article 10, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol, the Committee encourages the State party to continue to strengthen international cooperation through multilateral, regional and bilateral arrangements, especially with neighbouring countries and the Union of South American Nations, including by strengthening procedures for and mechanisms to coordinate the implementation of such arrangements, with a view to improving prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution and punishment of those responsible for any of the offences covered under the Optional Protocol.
Be sure to warm up and cool down with easy running for 10 minutes.
80. Preparations are under way for the second report of the Information and Communication Technology Development Indices, which the General Assembly has invited UNCTAD, in collaboration with the United Nations ICT Task Force and the International Telecommunication Union, to prepare as part of its contribution to the second phase of the World Summit on the Information Society in 2005 in Tunis.
It appreciated the approach taken by the Task Force to address the immediate needs of the most vulnerable while fostering the long-term sustainable development of the agricultural sector in many developing countries.
Target 5.A: Reduce by three quarters, between 1990 and 2015, the maternal mortality ratio
I. Introduction
The private sector also plays an active financial role by acting as a savings repository, granting mortgage credit, administering mortgage accounts and attracting the long-term resources needed to fund mortgages.
10. Administrative and financial matters
:: Associated technology and software for both of the above
A method for automatically storing information on the date of the first use of an electronic device after purchase for verifying the warranty period of the electronic device.
Office of Human Resources Management
About 8,700, or 55% of all the full-time and part-time undergraduate final year students, participated in the Scheme in 2004/05. This is comparable to the number of participants in the past two years.
Second, fissile material production.
China attaches great importance to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) as the cornerstone of the international nuclear nonproliferation regime. China is willing to work with all other parties to promote a positive outcome of the new round in the NPT review process on the basis of treating the three main goals of the NPT in a balanced manner.
Barring a miracle, the "pirates" are destined to remain in prison for a long time.
Timor-Leste continues to face important challenges in reducing poverty and creating employment opportunities, in particular for its youth population.
Attention was drawn in particular to resolution 54/9, entitled "Improving quality and building monitoring capacity for the collection, reporting and analysis of data on the world drug problem and policy responses to it", and resolution 54/13, entitled "Achieving zero new infections of HIV among injecting and other drug users".
And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.
her rent and the landlord began to become impatient.
And there's not more I can say than that.
 The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reported that 150,000 refugees had resettled in other African nations.
9. Strongly urges the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) to revoke all discriminatory legislation and to apply all other legislation without discrimination and to take urgent action to prevent arbitrary evictions and dismissals and discrimination against any ethnic or national, religious or linguistic group;
The next moment, he told me, a pupil yanked open the door, squared up to him and demanded: "What do you want? "
:: Places where there is an eminent risk that arms might be illicitly proliferated or fall in the hands of terrorists or entities and States that support or sponsor them.
And how did this peculiar custom originate?
Mounting debts caused the most worry, followed by not having enough time alone, not paying enough attention to a partner or family, and having to manage a hefty workload
21. The Government adopted the National Action Plan for Employment 2005 to 2008, which was based on the Employment Guidelines related to gender equality of the European Union for Member States (Employment Guideline 6).
, apart from providing effective training to staff, the management has to act in a fair manner and provide a good role model for its staff. It should also implement a proper reward and punishment system so that honesty and integrity will be recognised and encouraged, while illegal conduct or malpractices will be punished in an impartial manner.
Following Indonesian diplomatic clearances, and with the assistance of the World Food Programme (WFP), initial airdrops consisting of food and other relief items were completed on 17 September (Ermera, Manatuto and Uamori) and 18 September (to a location south-east of Monte Maulo).
France hopes that the coming year will provide an opportunity to register decisive progress on the road to the reform of the Organization, especially with respect to the expansion of the Council.
Therefore, investor when reasonable disposition family property, throws the fund a good choice surely regularly.
YanYuan tried to unify "Neisheng" and "Wai Wang" by his deep sense of historical mission.
Djibouti No conscription.
At 1040 and 1045 hours they attacked outlying areas of Zibqin, firing four air-to-surface missiles.
Cross-cutting issues (continued) (A/C.5/60/L.60)
22-26 April 2013
From the golden-tipped fields of mid-west America to the ancient kingdoms of verdant Palestine, there is a happy truth to be shared with all who would take heed.
Serves as central authority for processing of international and bilateral treaties and agreements.
The cases of children and juveniles in conflict with the law are heard in an informal setting outside the formal national Law Courts building, in the State multi-purpose social work centre.
I'm afraid we have to cover that.
There are a lot of other things that we can鈥檛 enjoy in the USA.
Most stews contain meat and vegetables.
The light from an elliptical galaxy is brightest in the center and gradually becomes fainter toward its outer regions.
Subtotal
Background information
agreed goals and commitments in regard to gender equality
 Following Security Council resolution 1073 (1996), the Union believes that it would help greatly to restore calm and confidence if the Hasmonean tunnel in Jerusalem were restored to its original state.
The Committee is concerned that the aims of education outlined in article 29 of the Convention, including the development and respect of human rights, tolerance and equality of the sexes and religious and ethnic minorities is not explicitly part of the curricula throughout the State party.
Miki Nishino
If you were looking to mimic the real killer.
(b) Short-term service of limited duration with special missions, projects of limited duration and special operations for humanitarian assistance.
132. The Advisory Committee notes the positive trend in the data for the current period, and encourages the Secretary-General to pursue his efforts to improve timely submission of cases by local committees on contracts in field operations for review by the Headquarters Committee on Contracts.
Sixtieth session
61. The expansion of access to post-primary education, especially for young women, over-age and disadvantaged young people is pursued through promoting alternative and non-formal education, integrated where possible with the formal education system.
These explosive devices include missiles, cluster bombs, spherical bombs, tape bombs and mines which were found in the following governorates: Basra, Wasit, Dhi Qar, Ninawa, Najaf, Diyala, Muthanna, Salah al-Din, Qadisiyah, Karbala, Anbar and Ta'mim.
The space industry was represented by participants from EUROCONSULT (France), Iridium Germany (Germany), Matra Marconi Space (France/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), SpaceImaging EOSAT (United States), Thuraya Satellite Telecommunications Company (United Arab Emirates), and WorldSpace Inc. (United States).
 UNFICYP continued to help them to contact Maronites living elsewhere on the island and delivered to them foodstuffs and other supplies provided by the Cyprus Government.
As a country with a civilian nuclear programme that conforms to international standards, Romania has promoted respect for each nation's right to benefit from the peaceful uses of nuclear energy, provided that nonproliferation, safety and security requirements are entirely met.
Encouraging implementation of existing internationally recognized standards, tools and approaches for environment and health and protection from chemicals, such as the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals and pollutant release and transfer registers;
Caribbean
The Committee recalls article 3 of the Covenant and its general comment No. 16 (2005) on the equal rights of men and women to the enjoyment of all economic, social and cultural rights, and calls on the State party:
Article 25 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as the interpretive General Comment and jurisprudence adopted by the Human Rights Committee, define the obligations of States parties in connection with the right to take part in the conduct of public affairs, vote and be elected at genuine periodic elections, and have equal access to public service positions.
It was not enough to list the projects carried out: the Secretariat needed to show whether they had actually strengthened country capacity and whether they had had a sustainable impact.
Addendum
sign outside or inside a shop is a form of advertising. Mail or gifts posted by
When We are tried  limited  our numbers, you said It was human rights abuse.
And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks
The private services are supplied under the National Health Care Reimbursement Scheme administered by the counties.
On 2 June 2004, the author submitted a complaint to the General Council of the Judiciary concerning the delay in processing his requests for conditional release in the Prison Supervision Court and the Provincial Court.
120. At 2230 hours on 21 May 2012, an armed terrorist group attempting to infiltrate Syrian territory from Turkish territory in the Jisr al-Shughur district opened fire on members of the border guard.
Mr. Pablo Juventino Solano Martinez
We set out at daybreak.
disabled persons and the family
Also, SADC, having its own mining network, was not keen to promote a network spanning other African regions.
The Secretary of the Committee read out an oral statement of programme budget implications arising from draft resolution A/C.2/63/L.67.
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of internally displaced persons, Chaloka Beyani
UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION
41. Mr. Somdah (Burkina Faso) said that the increasingly close links between terrorism and organized crime, drug and arms trafficking and money-laundering necessitated more resolute joint action at the international, regional and national levels.
47. The Dominican Republic was urged to monitor and assess the impact of its policies and to include the information in its next report.
European Community: Unacceptable risks to non-target aquatic organisms were identified in the release to surface waters both from the manufacture of TBT and TBT-containing anti-fouling paints and the hulls of ships painted with anti-fouling paints.
shown in the picture, at the As back of the cabin, no water drops or leakage is observed at the bottom of the wash basin.
The Congress, held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was critical in keeping issues concerning the commercial sexual exploitation of children high on government agendas.
22. The Ombudsperson continued to follow developments with regard to relevant national and regional legal cases, including the opinion of the advocate general (19 March 2013) and the decision in European Commission and others v. Kadi (18 July 2013).
INTEGRATION OF THE HUMAN RIGHTS OF WOMEN AND THE
However, in the present case, the Committee observes that the State party facilitated the safe return of the complainant to Norway on 31 March 2006, and that the State party informed the Committee shortly thereafter, on 5 April.
You seen her lately?
Canada believed that human rights issues should not have been dealt with in the resolution, as they were more appropriately addressed by the Third Committee.
Security presentations to 2 sessions of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations
Type 1 diabetes, for example, is much rarer in countries like Cuba than in either New Zealand and Sweden.
Some forecasts 鈥?notably of the price of shares and other assets 鈥?are intrinsically self-defeating, because if it was obvious that share prices would rise, then they would have risen already.
(c) The successful disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme in Sierra Leone should be thoroughly assessed by the United Nations system to ensure that such programmes in other countries, particularly in due course in Liberia, take full account of the lessons learned.
At its October 2011 session, CEB endorsed the recommendations of the High-level Committee.
Contingent liability
A multinational force could also help to rebuild the credible and effective security structures of the Palestinian Authority.
198. Furthermore, the Lawson program analysts had direct access to the production database by way of a generic database administrator username and password and therefore had full access to the audit trails.
My driver and I were in the process of settling the leopard in the trunk of my Mercedes. . . when three masked assailants attacked us.
29. Decentralization and the involvement of local communities in monitoring public services management makes public expenditures more transparent and allows for measuring the management efficiency of each service unit.
Delegations are encouraged to carry their laptops, tablets and/or other mobile devices to be able to access the official documents and statements from the UN-Women PaperSmart portal.
Office to Combat Desertification and Drought of the United Nations Development Programme
Facilities and services
It wasn't me fischer had,baby.
(LED dynamics)
Analysts say political bickering is now doing more to delay the rehabilitation of Iraq's industry and the engagement of foreign companies than security concerns.
Note the stress on these adjectives.
The less we are able to develop adequate polices, frameworks and new institutions to effectively address international migration, the more opportunities we offer to criminals, who become rich at the expense of migrants.
Methodology used in preparing the report
28 September 1950
 (8) Declaration dated 18 January 1972 by Fiji that it succeeded, upon independence (whereof the date was 10 October 1970), to the rights and obligations of the United Kingdom in respect of this Convention.
Report on the session.
The implementation arrangements spell out how the Fund, as an independent legal entity, intends to strengthen its partnership with UNDP.
Contribution to future sessions of the Commission on Sustainable Development (Item 8)
Database Administrator
(b) To maintain and increase contacts and improve the mechanism of consultation with the counterpart programmes, organizations and agencies concerned regarding projects and programmes, in order to facilitate their implementation;
organising educational courses on trade union management, book-keeping, auditing and legislation for trade unionists to foster sound internal administration.
Skulls and bones feature prominently among their personal adornments. For instance, helmets are often cast or fashioned in the form of a grinning skull.
3. In accordance with the financial rule 106.9, property losses amounting to $189,504 were written off during the biennium 2012-2013.
III. Way forward
He seldom spoke to Laurie, but he looked at him often, and a   shadow would pass across his face, as if regretting his own lost   youth, as he watched the young man in his prime.
How long has she been an editor?
Attempts of the Republic of Armenia to deny its responsibility for these crimes are groundless and must be rejected from the outset.
4. Military Housing Fund
Young women and men see them everywhere on TV or on billboards so that they seek to imitate them.
A positive development in this regard was the establishment of a United Nations security management system policy outlining areas of collaboration between the United Nations and host Governments on the security and safety of United Nations personnel.
Ambassador Seibert has articulated and upheld the position of his country with authority and elegance.
Do we really want to have a first-class membership, a second-class membership and a third-class membership?
Accounts payable (Report No. 21)
23. Encourages Governments to ensure that the social integration of older persons and the promotion and protection of their rights form an integral part of development policies at all levels;
Here is your roast beef.
Executive Director
When he arrived for work at the White House in January last year, he said he thought the office was fine and saw no need to redecorate.
That required that the developed countries should give financial aid to the developing countries in order to fund their basic social services, and should therefore raise the level of official development assistance, as well as finding an adequate solution to the debt problem.
It is, however, not lost on us.
The higher output resulted from additional requirements to maintain patrol tracks that were in poor condition
Two specific recommendations that have been implemented for the second regular session 2002, as requested by the Executive Board, are contained as addenda to the present report: DP/2002/35/Add.1 on the UNOPS action plan on savings from projected staff cuts and DP/2002/35/Add.2 on the UNOPS contingency plan with regard to the operational reserve.
21. Security was of significant concern to many delegates.
(b) if the Contractor has failed to comply with a final binding decision of the dispute settlement body applicable to it; or
In general, the recommended way to fix a problem is to checkin a new version which fixes it.
D. More synergy with United Nations human rights bodies 74 - 80 15
As indicated in the answer to the previous question, arms are rigorously controlled by agencies of Cuba's armed forces.
Diffa -- Niger
When shall we lift our cups again, I wonder, As we did last night and walk in the moon?
It is also not the full story.
A. Arrangements for COP 3
34. As efforts to address longer-term food insecurity progress, shocks will continue to have the potential to place hundreds of thousands of the rural poor in acute need of humanitarian assistance.
In the case of a joint stock company, the names and addresses of any shareholders owning more than 5 per cent of the capital of the company must be obtained.
"To differentiate the natural product, really you've got to get the advantages that nature builds in, " he added.
Liu Yuanyuan, 24, a translator in Nanjing, said: "This survey does not represent the overall opinions of different social groups.
Transport Division procures, allocates, maintains and manages the Police vehicle fleet.Traffic Branch Headquarters formulates and disseminates traffic enforcement policies, processes traffic summonses and fixed penalty tickets, monitors changes in legislations, develops and evaluates traffic management schemes, and coordinates the Force's road safety efforts.
Provisional agenda for special sessions
Documents issued at United Nations Headquarters
We commend the efforts deployed by the leadership of the PLO and of Israel, their tenacity and their determination to work for peace.
10:00 to 13:00 27th meeting [webcast] Trusteeship Council Chamber
Some States, especially those implementing legislation after 11 September 2001, focus their approaches on the physical protection of biological weapons-related biological materials to prevent unauthorised access by theft or diversion by non-State actors, including terrorists.
8. The Committee expresses its concern that section 24 (3) of chapter III of the Constitution does not include "sex" among the legally prohibited grounds for discrimination.
2936 Nechvíle
The optimum technological parameters were ascertained by orthogonal experiment.
Private sector
41. Mr. Onischenko (Ukraine) said that his delegation had voted in favour of the draft resolution in the belief that the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights should apply to all countries.
Technical clearance reviews
Qiongying
16. The Department of Women also has a Corporate Plan that is expected to provide the development focus and priorities of the Department of Women between now and 2015.
President Faure Essozimna Gnassingbé has placed the problems of young people at the centre of his programme to structure society on the basis of 20 commitments.
In addition, a guidance note on `Programming Volunteerism for Development', to assist stakeholders in incorporating volunteerism into the UNDAF, was developed through a broad consultative process and will be included as an annex to the revised CCA-UNDAF guidelines.
It is proposed however to transfer the Movement Control Unit from the Surface Transport Section to the Air Operations/Movement Control Section by redeploying all functions and its corresponding 18 existing positions.
Please return all empties, ie empty milk bottles.
The ambassador has been ordered to return to Seoul immediately for 5)consultations.
Finally, I would like to close by making a plea to the international community that we invest in our people and avoid paying a future high cost by treating a problem that is preventable now.
For the same price, it offers a significantly larger screen (albeit with the same resolution), wireless syncing and sharing, and a built-in FM radio -- an existing Zune feature that the iPod lacks.
He questioned the usefulness of including the “human rights approach” in the study.
Russian Federation
Assess the alternatives to endosulfan in accordance with the general guidance on considerations related to alternatives and substitutes to listed persistent organic pollutants and candidate chemicals, on the basis of the information provided by parties and observers, giving priority to information on alternatives for crops using high volumes of endosulfan and other information as appropriate;
Third design hand - held meter reading terminal software.
In the identification of Bolshevism and Stalinism they render the best possible service to the Thermidorians and precisely thereby play a clearly reactionary role.
Tunisia 39
Table 8
A. Africa
Use
Hairiness on leaves, and also silver colored leaves, are also signs that plants are drought tolerant.
The cause of death was a brain hemorrhage.
I remember when I was very little, our team was three times world champion.
The local councils also require assistance in building their capacities to carry out their work effectively and efficiently, and in mobilizing and managing public resources.
Lets move on to what makes our product sell so well.
The working group is advised by the UNAIDS Epidemiology Reference Group, which includes leading modellers, demographers and epidemiologists in HIV/AIDS, the United Nations Population Division, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and WHO.
This breadth has been underpinned by Mr Fink's vast personal network that has made him one of Wall Street's most plugged- in operators.
Lead partner(s): Government of Japan (Ministry of Environment)
Lieutenant General Gaye is then expected to convene a meeting in Addis Ababa with the military representatives of the African Union, the Conference and SADC to work out the modalities and options, including incorporating the troops earmarked for the regional Neutral International Force under the mandate and authorized strength of MONUSCO.
There have been a number of other auctions in Germany and abroad for Hitler paintings in the past.
(g) Staff members of the Court shall not use their office or knowledge gained from their official functions for private gain, financial or otherwise, or for the private gain of any third party, including family, friends and those they favour.
32. OAI conducts semi-annual desk reviews of the implementation status of audit recommendations, based on updates provided by the country offices and reviewed and validated by OAI regional audit centres.
Let us look at the world as it is.
19. With regard to the obligation to extradite or prosecute, while it was an important topic, Israel shared the doubts expressed as to its viability.
1. In its resolution 58/39 of 8 December 2003 entitled "Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels", the General Assembly, convinced that conventional arms control needs to be pursued primarily in the regional and subregional contexts since most threats to peace and security in the post-cold-war era arise mainly among States located in the same region or subregion, decided to give urgent consideration to the issues involved in conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels and requested the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the subject and to submit a report to it at its fifty-ninth session.
Honor Oak Park railway station
 22. As regards demining, initial peace-keeping priorities would be to ensure clearance of the routes required to deploy the United Nations observers and troops as well as the areas designated for the quartering of the UNITA forces.
Guo is the winner of both individual and synchronized events of the 3m springboard in four consecutive world championships, from 2001 Fukuoka Worlds to 2007 Melbourne Worlds.
In order for teaching to take place only during morning hours in public schools, the need in classrooms is evolving as a result of the building activity as follows in Table 19.
2:11 The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down, and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day
Total annual savings are estimated at between $3.5 million and $4.3 million;
The duo ended up visiting impoverished rural nomads on the Tibetan plateau.
Consumers and laughed. Jingdong have to compete on price because the Dangdang.
Two calculating methods of straight line and Archimedes spiral approximating involute are introduced.
AP2008/630/04
That concept alone , as amazing as it is, would likely be believable.
With respect to recommendation 128, some doubt was expressed as to whether reference should be made to commercially reasonable standards of conduct.
1 September 1992 Ukrainea
Indeed , they are not convinced that resveratrol activates SIRT - 1 at all.
Statements were made by the representatives of Indonesia, Chile, China, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Iraq, the Russian Federation, Estonia, Norway, Colombia, Liechtenstein, Cameroon, Guinea, Zimbabwe, the United Kingdom, Mexico, France, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and Croatia.
14. Based on the findings of the review, measures to improve operations have been identified (see table 2). Table 2
Since 1996, the European Union has established a number of programs against the traffic in human beings and sexual exploitation of children, inter alia the programs STOP and STOP II (to prevent and combat traffic in human beings and all forms of sexual exploitation of children, including child pornography), and DAPHNE (to protect children, adolescents and women against violence). A number of initiatives undertaken by Portuguese public and private institutions have been financed through these programs (See project "De Rua em Rua", above).
The objectives and overarching principles of the three business plans were presented to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, at its forty-second session, in document E/CN.7/1999/3.
The correlation of the exophthalmic extent, and the ratio of the global measurements to the orbital measurements were analyzed.
Voluntary contributions from Member States or other donors for technical cooperation activities are recorded as income upon receipt of cash, including amounts received pending the identification of specific projects.
South Korea, for instance, has more political ambition than Britain to lead in broadband.
Proceedings The SBSTA considered this item at its 1st and 3rd meetings, on 1 and 10 June, respectively.
I put on my bonnet and sallied out, thinking nothing more of the matter.
Rule 56
The Conduct and Discipline Team will be staffed by one senior-level expert on personnel conduct issues and will be the mission focal point on sexual exploitation and abuse.
The main purpose of the campaign was to bring the issue of trafficking in women to the attention of the public, especially regarding the buyers and potential buyers of sexual services.
Application and Development of Self-propelled Air- conditioning Vehicle for Airplane and Liquid-cooling Vehicle for Military Aircraft
It's Sunday today. Shall we go an outing?
This plane can reach speeds in excess of 1000 kilometers an hour.
In their assessment, article 136 of the Criminal Code, called "Violation of equality of human and citizen rights and freedoms", did not provide for an effective defence of those rights as its content was only declarative.
The present note reproduces comments received from an international organization. Further comments will be issued as addenda to the present note in the order they are received.
Indeed, many courses that deliver financial expertise are seeing surging applications.
It was all a hallucination.
2000/22. Cooperation with representatives of United Nations human rights bodies 129
The complainant submitted an application for authorization of a judicial review before the Federal Court, which was also rejected on 8 November 2000.
The water in the pot is undrinkable unless boiled.
4. Calls upon the States contemplated in Protocol III to the Treaty that have not yet done so to take all necessary measures to ensure the speedy application of the Treaty to territories for which they are, de jure or de facto, internationally responsible and which lie within the limits of the geographical zone established in the Treaty;
Although they achieve better results, women are still a minority in the most prestigious sectors, which are major providers of jobs (women account for 38 per cent women in science at the university level and 27.5 per cent in engineering schools), in long duration programmes (47 per cent in doctoral studies), among science teachers-researchers (14 per cent in mathematics) and among university professors (23 per cent).
Golf Massage (Massage the deep part of the body withbalm oils)
(i) Convening of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament;19
but actually the whole world is currently madly in love with anything Asia!
5. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution;
Opium poppy eradication exceeding 500 ha was reported for 2002 by Afghanistan (17,300 ha), Colombia (3,371 ha), Mexico (19,157 ha), Myanmar (10,474 ha) and Thailand (507 ha).
Grandma Ruby knelt down, looked tenderly into Sheena's tearful eyes and said, Don't worry sweetheart, we can get you more honey. ^mdash
The negotiations were rather prolonged, but in the end they were successful.
46. Guidelines should be drawn up for work on individual communications.
26. The Committee regrets the absence of comprehensive and disaggregated data on complaints, investigations, prosecutions and convictions of cases of torture and ill-treatment by law enforcement and prison personnel, war-time rape and sexual violence, extrajudicial killings, enforced disappearances, trafficking, domestic and sexual violence and means of redress for victims.
It also provides all administrative and logistical support for the travel of judges to and from Hamburg on the business of the Tribunal.
Oceans and the law of the sea
 As indicated in paragraph 18 of annex IV, an amount of $405 per person per month is included under rental of premises for accommodation of 2,108 personnel.
After a few years' planting, the quality of the potato crop deteriorates.
Amounts recorded in accounts payable Shortfall
A nominally fixed exchange rate, increased capital inflows and declining domestic inflation allowed the exchange rate to appreciate in real terms.
Interface between general performance control configuration software and 893 network
His Government was also concerned by the recruitment of children by States and armed groups and the use of schools and hospitals for military purposes, which violated children's fundamental rights and deprived them of an education.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on agenda item 34 (a) (Consideration of elements relating to oceans and seas, including improvement of coordination and cooperation), will be held today, 27 September 2000, (on trust funds) from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room C.
Another suggestion was that the draft Guide should make it clear that conciliation could be terminated by conduct, such as an expression of a negative opinion by a party about the prospects of the conciliation, or refusal of a party to consult or to meet with the conciliator when invited.
37. Some delegations expressed the view that the mandates of existing institutions could be analysed with a view to determining how to optimize their respective roles.
Draft resolution (A/65/L.27)
Present a novel model of email filtering system based on mail queue.
"Without economic growth, everything else becomes really problematic," Michael Enright, a consultant, and co-author of a new book, China Into the Future, sai But the spectre of inflation has now galvanised the government on the currency.
I do not have a list of speakers, so I do not know if anyone would like to take the floor in the formal plenary before we move, as announced, into an informal session.
In the third part, the prediction model of fuzzy optimal selection neural network based on chaotic optimization algorithm is studied.
 (e) Resources under administrative and programme support have been released, except as indicated in subparagraph (c) above, that is, those direct costs required for the operation of the Division for Training and Research in New York and the training facility at Santo Domingo;
The Department also announced the appointment of Mr Aaron Wan Chi-keung as Chairman of the Review Panel. Mr Wan is a member of the Social Welfare Advisory Committee and has a long association with the welfare sector. Members include Professor Nelson Chow and Dr Sandra Tsang Kit-man who are respectively experts in the fields of social work and clinical psychology.
Twenty-seven dead and 30 injured have been recovered.
Meanwhile, ignoring Russia's warnings, western countries rushed to recognise Kosovo's illegal declaration of independence from Serbia.
Nepal
51. Demonstrators armed with bows and arrows gathered at Rai Kotu.
There is no excuse for such rudeness
Partners: UNJHRO, UNICEF, ILO, UN-Women, WHO, UNHCR, UNFPA, FAO,WFP, UNESCO, UN-Habitat, all United Nations country teams
(i) Information on how residues and wastes arising from repair, refurbishment or upgrading operations will be managed.
Chinese baby boomers, however, are much luckier than their parents because they have much better pensions plus medical and other welfare coverage.
The briefings will take place immediately following the adjournment of the informal consultations in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
 5. Mr. ACAKPO-SATCHIVI (Secretary of the Committee) said that a decision would be proposed recommending to the General Assembly that it should defer consideration of that report to the fifty-first session, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/214, section III, paragraph 2.
General comment No. 14: The right to the highest attainable standard of health (art. 12) 86
He also informed members of the Committee that he would let them have a copy of the official ethno-linguistic map of Peru, which had been drawn up recently by the Instituto Indigenista Peruano, and that the results of the national census would also be communicated to them immediately after the present session.
All offences in the Criminal Code had an aggravation of punishment if made with racial or xenophobic motivation.
1 October 1994
It also noted the absence of a uniform legal framework regulating itinerant trade at the local level.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez presented Mr. Obama with an academic book on precisely that subject.
The present report provides a summary of the work undertaken by EMG pursuant to its 2004 - 2005 work programme and outlines its work programme for the next two years.
It is common for the direct current circuit to be interfered by alternating current voltage.
Virtually every option is configured during setup.
Peggy: I must go to the greengrocers.
8. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author with an effective remedy, including compensation.
Total
 Even in the Federation the assistance efforts have so far concentrated on few areas, where only two cantons and Sarajevo have received two thirds of the total.
In line with the latter view, it was suggested that all provisions for measures to avoid duplication should be removed from the text.
464. Each year, as part of the events for Mother's Day, Women's Day and Family Day, local authorities carry out special actions to benefit remote rural settlements by organizing visiting consultations with medical and social workers and psychologists.
ESCAP, sixty-third session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 37 (IV), 69 (V) and 723 B (XXVIII)]
The Committee regrets, however, that human rights NGOs were not involved in the preparation of the report.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
World situation with regard to drug abuse, in particular the spread of human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) through drug injection
They are often less predictable, but not significant or likely to occur.
Dennis de Tray is vice president of the Center for Global Development in Washington, D.C.
Human resources: component 1, security sector
Fabled musketeer of the King co back to outmaneuver the plans of the Cardinal of Richelieu.
One of the results of the widespread use of this appalling weapon was an enormous increase in the number of cases of cancer, miscarriage, neurological disorders, foetal abnormalities and congenital defects among Iraqi civilians and, in particular, among those living in the southern governorates that were the theatre in which this dreadful weapon was used.
Agenda item 99 (aa)
14. Staff of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Worship who hold
145. Protocol of Intentions between the Federal Emergency Management Agency (United States of America) and the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Bulgaria on Cooperation in Natural and Man-made Technological Emergency Prevention and Response, of 24 January 2000.
 While resident auditors highlight weaknesses in missions, requesting management to ensure that remedial action is taken with appropriate follow-up action, management review officers can provide missions with a management capacity which can focus on the monitoring of systems and preventive control.
`One changes,' she said.
(d) Report of the Disarmament Commission
Percentage
Fuck...You fucking...Do something Fucking Jesus!
The principal data source of the Register is the topographic database of the National Land Survey.
(h) To refine the recommendations provided in the report of the Panel of Experts (S/2003/223).
(f) The Action Plan against Forced Marriages 2008 - 2011.
The process of integrating those United Nations information centres serving developing countries into the Resident Coordinator's Office would be completed.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
The first thing I saw upon arrival were winding river and the swaying willow trees.
The properties and morphology of the coating were analyzed by using electrochemical methods and atomic force microscopy (AFM).
15. Also welcomes the cooperative attitude of the other States and Territories in the region towards Tokelau, its economic and political aspirations and its increasing participation in regional and international affairs;
101. At the 54th meeting, on 25 November, the representative of Cuba announced that Angola, Bangladesh, Benin, the Dominican Republic, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Lesotho, Malaysia, Namibia, Pakistan, Senegal, Sri Lanka, the Sudan and Togo had joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the world.
104. According to Section 7 of the Public Order Act (612/2003), ("Other activities causing disturbance"), it is prohibited to purchase sexual services or offer sexual services against payment in a public place.
Richard, if you go out Richard, and photograph street performances in the city, , you'll have it.
Countries like China and Iran already block Web sites they regard as politically objectionable.
Soon after the election, Trump assured the leaders of Japan and South Korea of America’s commitment to their countries’ security, despite a campaign vow to demand more payment for US protection.
Lock, stock and barrelHook, line and sinker Lock, stock and barrelHook, line and sinker Lock, stock and barrel: Mr. Rockefeller bought the whole oil company lock, stock and barrel.
The first and perhaps the most important guideline is simplicity.
Meanwhile aid agencies say they are gradually gaining access to cyclone devastated areas of Burma.
Other issues, such as trade, debt and finance, small economies and technology transfer, were also becoming priorities in the development agenda.
? The reference inquiry became the core of the modern library work.
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for agreeing to report under this new procedure which facilitates the cooperation between the State party and the Committee.
On the proposal of the Chairman, the Commission decided to advise the Secretary-General that Sierra Leone should be considered eligible for funding from the Peacebuilding Fund.
[The victim if he had been taken to hospital in time.if he had been taken to hospital in time= would have a chance to do sth=survive2.would have a chance to survive
A representative of the Women's Committee of Uzbekistan addressed the seminar on the topic "Critical Areas in the Prevention of Human Trafficking among Women in the Republic of Uzbekistan".
CAMBODIA
This income comes from the amounts reimbursed by other institutions providing social benefits (8.2 per cent of gross expenditure in 1997) and from co-payments and deductibles payable by beneficiaries or their family members (2.4 per cent in 1997).
Simple, Easily Understood and Robust
ICERD ICESCR ICCPR
Investigations show that the construct parameters affect significantly the omnidirectional reflectivity band of a photonic crystal.
Objective To evaluate the effectiveness of Xin-An-Kang mixture in the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF).
Ms. Ylä-Mononen (drafter), designated by the United Kingdom
Steps by all the nuclear-weapon States leading to nuclear disarmament in a way that promotes international stability, and based on the principle of undiminished security for all:
(c) Regional institutions and regional legal frameworks in areas covered by the United Nations Special Programme for the Economies of Central Asia reformed and strengthened
141. The adoption of the resolution gives rise to the following additional requirements:
Have you gotten a hold of Mr. Lee
 A Special High-Level Council and a Scientific and Technical Committee were established by the Secretary-General to provide overall guidance and formulate programmes for the Decade's activities.
Nou Barris
The United States declared war upon Japan after the Pearl Harbor attack.
69. Building on the successful experience of the Conference and the process leading up to it, we shall strengthen and make fuller use of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, as well as the relevant intergovernmental/governing bodies of other institutional stakeholders, for the purposes of conference follow-up and coordination, by substantively connecting, in ascending series, the following elements:
By far the best way of incorporating exercise into the working day is on the commute.
(f) Strengthen the capacity of countries, in particular developing countries, to significantly increase the production of forest products from sustainably managed forests;
By the end of 1997, over 16,000 trainees had been trained at district and community levels.
Sunlight could also be used for operating solar ovens heat engines and thermal management systems.
Urbanization is the indispensable stage of modernization.
This conference has provided proof of my statement that our Central Committee is a good one.
423. The Constitution sets forth the universal right to health, which the State is therefore obligated to protect.
CERD recommended that Kazakhstan increase access for children from ethnic minorities to instruction in, and study of, their mother tongue, and ensure improved access to higher education for students from all ethnic groups without discrimination.
List of Gravity Falls characters
The note by the Secretariat on the basic principles of demand reduction (E/CN.7/1995/4), which was considered by the Commission at its thirty-eighth session, might also be of use in identifying areas of agreement, and will therefore be available to the Commission at its thirty-ninth session for reference.
The brutal practices of the LRA, both in the camps and with regard to their attacks on civilian population centres, have been documented in detail in numerous NGO reports over the years.
* Ms. Mbonu is an alternate member of the Sub-Commission.
"Recalling its resolution 1993/51 on the coordination of United Nations activities related to HIV/AIDS,
On transfer to "E4" for processing in accordance with decision 123, such multiple claims for the losses of the same company are treated as a single company claim.
Review and assessment of options for enhanced voluntary measures and new or existing international legal instruments
Prove yourself and would run your own gang , maybe even become a big - shot Hollywood producer.
With privacy turn on, all communication between the server and Client are encrypt.
He tied the two ropes in a knot.
The integrated management of the college library and files is a trend, but there is still much work to be done in the real implementation of the integration.
"We've had an enormously good reaction, " KLM said. "The idea is to avoid hiring temporary staff. "
During the session, a panel meeting was convened to discuss e-science, e-engineering and e-education.
There was therefore a need for further scientific and technical information and for more comprehensive but focused advice from the Panel in the future.
Also, it is very important to mention that the strategy, policy and main direction of education development are being identified in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A/69/339
Parties that had been added to the list for the second commitment period would be identified by appropriate footnotes.
of Brazil and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Total, A+B
(a) of the numbers of dangerous or defective private buildings inspected by the Buildings Department (BD) in each of the past five years, the total numbers of flats involved and the relevant expenditure incurred; and
The promoter insists on a quick decision before the victim has sufficient time to thoroughly review the transaction.
Statement by the Chairman
Prior to the Conference, participants conducted their own research on climate change and human rights, participated in a live video chat with the Department's focal point for climate change and shared what they had learned through a web-based forum on the United Nations CyberSchoolBus website.
Once again it has been demonstrated that it is not the members of the Group of 21 who are opposed to initiating substantive negotiations in the framework of the Conference on Disarmament on the priority issues which the international community has identified as such in various United Nations General Assembly resolutions.
Many picked up and endorsed the theme of tackling impunity and ensuring accountability for crimes committed, commenting that the debates had noticeably helped push that agenda forward.
In the top basket were all kinds of baked goods for Pharaoh, but the birds were eating them out of the basket on my head.
Subprogramme 6. Advancement of women
I think in this instance you reined yourself in.
Water and sanitation (water).
Eymeux
Taiwan President Ma praises the landmark deal Chen signed Tuesday to increases transportation links between the island and mainland China.
Its overall objective is the full elimination of nuclear arms.
Vitamin D Deficiency Worsens Breast Cancer?
The accused man protested his innocence.
5. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/59/L.66, draft resolution A/C.2/59/L.47 was withdrawn by its sponsors.
Figure 2-39 shows an electrometer connected to a current source that consists of a voltage source in series with a resistor.
However, leaders on all sides started voicing scepticism weeks after the security operations commenced.
At the door he met the commissary of police, who was waiting for him.
Although the amounts of the different benefits have been adjusted throughout the years, there have not been substantial adjustments.
Firearms described in Section 1 of the Act may be held on a firearms certificate, which is issued by the local police.
The Congolese Government has clearly expressed its desire to hold free, transparent elections.
This "roadmap" outlines numerous measures to further the cause of equality within the EU.
UN-Women will track the contribution of the United Nations system to supporting countries, at their request, to introduce national legislation, develop multisectoral national action plans and expand the range and outreach of one-stop services, increase the responsiveness of the justice system, and adopt minimum quality standards for service delivery.
the American Convention on Human Rights and the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms do not contain explicit mention of States' obligation to adopt specific measures to protect witnesses.
Decide whether it is satisfied that the proposal fulfils the requirements of Article 8 and Annex D of the Convention;
During tunnel construction, both the excavation and lining are on the critic path of the line-period of the construction.
Ice was used in hotels, taverns, and hospitals, and by some forward-looking city dealers in fresh meat, fresh fish, and butter.
However, the report should also contain a reference to the footnote which the Commission had agreed to add to the chapeau of model provision 28.
Vivian: Well, maybe I can make you feel better.
For example, a GEF-financed project designed to deliver a global environmental benefit - addressing the root causes of the environmental degradation of Lake Tanganyika - introduced alternative income activities for women in Zambia bordering Lake Tanganyika which improved their livelihoods, provided sustainable income opportunities, and reduced one of the threats to the environmental sustainability of Lake Tanganyika.
The total microcredit provided between 2005 and 2008 was 454,594 balboas.
Regular budget
56. Letter dated 5 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2003/939);
In other words, is it legal in theory and feasible in practice?
The village paper published biographical  sketches of the boys.
In order to provide those involved in the planning and implementation of drug abuse and HIV/AIDS prevention strategies and programmes with information on useful lessons and best practices in that regard, UNDCP and UNAIDS have produced a booklet entitled Drug Abuse and HIV/AIDS: Lessons Learned, which provides details of a range of practices being pursued in Central and Eastern Europe and the Central Asian States, where injecting drug use is significantly driving the HIV epidemic.
Consideration needs to be given to levels of accessibility to registries, since making TK more readily available could facilitate its being used without proper acknowledgement or compensation.
Allocation of resources The Committee welcomes the study undertaken by the National Council for Family Affairs to analyse budget allocations for children, as well as the development of a budget model that includes strategic goals and tasks for each ministry, with a view to meeting children's needs and protecting their rights.
9. On conflict of interest
If extra hours above a normal working day are needed, the worker is entitled to 125 per cent remuneration per extra hour.
Botswana, Swaziland and Zambia adopted information and communications technology master plans for a paperless parliament and for the strengthening of the parliamentary role in information and communications technology policies.
That empty arm-chair chilled the effusion of the wedding feast for a moment
In Monaco, the training of recruits to the Police Academy includes a programme on respect for human rights and physical integrity of human beings in all circumstances.
Each Member State may, in principle, participate in one or two round-table discussions, following consultations with the Chairman of the regional group of which it is a member and with the Chairman of the round table (or each of the round tables) in question.
They dragged  with their fingers through the sugar and flour containers to await whoever was preparing the next meal. They smeared it in the dew on the windows overlooking the patio where my grandma always fed us warm, homemade pudding with blue food coloring
676 BC
User professional translator
Making the Additional Protocol universal would strengthen the international non-proliferation and disarmament regime and contribute to the security of all States.
61. The Argentine Republic regretted that the British Government was seeking to distort history in an attempt to conceal the act of usurpation that it had committed in 1833.
The Programme has provided support to build local or national dialogue mechanisms to such countries as Fiji, Ghana, Guyana, Lesotho, Kenya, Maldives, Mauritania and Togo.
Pending further consultation with the Department, the Ethics Office could conduct a survey either to include additional missions or to follow on the research on the five missions in the original survey.
11. The source alleges that the detention of Mr. Ayman Ardenli and Mr. Muhammad Haydar Zammar is arbitrary.
Khan thought an electric sheep would be whimsical, but also practical: It would arguably be better for the environment than a gas-powered mower.
All those asked work in the Chicago, Illinois area.
Good stuff. very sexy.
The Committee invites the State party to undertake awareness-raising measures through the media and public education programmes to make such violence socially and morally unacceptable.
Summary
Recognizing also that enhanced trade opportunities for developing countries, inter alia, through trade liberalization, will improve the economic condition of those societies, including women, which is of particular importance in rural communities,
Other: JD 269,780
In the cases analysed, such characterizations appear connected to the transnational nature of organized crime and are essential to policies aimed at dismantling criminal organizations.
Evergreen forests form 92% of the forest cover, with 2% being deciduous or semi-deciduous.
She was accost ed by a complete stranger.
However owing to the complexity of census operation, it is recommended that an effective advocacy campaign be carried out, and that information on relevant case studies be documented and disseminated, as in the case of Aleppo, Syrian Arab Republic, where an additional urban indicators module was added to the 2004 population census.
Chapter 2 is the trade association's role in dealing with anti - dumping.
There are too much dead weight in the company, so things need to be streamlined.
The plan sharpens UN-Habitat's programme focus, promotes alignment and coherence, and strengthens its catalytic role for the coordinated implementation of the Habitat Agenda and internationally agreed development goals relevant to human settlements.
4 May 2011 Positive reply received from the State party.
The Ram's lack of tact and hot temper is just too devastating for your sensitive and insecure nature
Burkina Faso
The MoGCSD in conjunction with the NCPWD has been undertaking awareness raising campaigns on the rights of persons with disabilities at the national, provincial and district level targeting DPOs, persons with disabilities, the community and government departments and ministries.
Official meetings
The impact of China's low-price exports was different on countries with different income levels (low, middle or high), with middle-income economies being the most affected.
It also welcomed the consensus reached on the text of the draft Convention against Corruption, and hoped that it could be adopted without delay.
The process of globalization has created hierarchies of cities, tenuously interlinked through production, trade, services and administration.
He was admitted as a member of the baseball.
Microcystin - LR concentration increased with the amount of air current or CO 2 current rising.
1086. It is also important to cite article 47 of the Constitution which provides that every author, inventor, producer or merchant shall temporarily enjoy exclusive ownership of his work, invention, trademark or trade name, in accordance with the law.
Secondly, we must promote legal migration and stabilize migratory flows, particularly through concerted information and communication campaigns.
But Reagan and Nixon were much easier to work with.
31. Genetic manipulation and discrimination.
This important objective needs to be pursued with a view to bringing about concrete development-oriented outcomes from the multilateral trade negotiations.
In fact I know such tough guys.
Uh, I wouldn't make him angry You're going to put down the gun, And you're going to listen to what I say.
Member States and other stakeholders are encouraged to consider those as well as the following recommendations:
The fishermen were detained for more than 15 minutes, after which time the boat's papers and their identification documents were confiscated.
Where appropriate, a request may be made for mutual judicial assistance.
A sin, or shame, or loss of maidenhead.
47. Takes note with appreciation of the report of the independent expert for the United Nations study on violence against children, notes the very positive response to the study from Member States and the progress made in translating and disseminating widely the study, the complementary World Report on Violence against Children, prepared by the independent expert, and the innovative child-friendly version of the report and educational materials;
Be a good citizen, be a good driver.
Citizens are free to travel at home and abroad, to emigrate and to return.
During the summer of 2007, it took steps to remind the relevant authorities in the Ministry of Finance of the need to act on this issue during the preparation of the 2008 annual budget.
Although these replacements are often referred to as " secure standard applications , " they are not absolutely immune to attacks .
The regular sessions were able to address both questions of substance and those pertaining to the consolidation of the Commission itself.
Fūjin
Status during present cycle
Strengthening productive capacities: A South - South agenda
To further assist its review, the Council also requested the Secretariat to provide technical papers and clarifications on the key elements of the draft regulations that required further consideration.
10 a.m. - 12 noon 34th meeting Conference Room 2
The Joint Defence Board authorized Joint Integrated Unit (JIU) strength was 39,639 troops.
However, in the current organizational structure, the geographical divisions provide programme support.
The three kind - looking figures all have drooping ears, broad shoulders and slim waists.
Forest conservation and rehabilitation
we still need two people to help.
Drug control efforts should focus also on territories neighbouring Afghanistan, with a view to creating anti-drug and financial security belts.
51. Long-term changes in climate could also influence two foundations of public health systems: sufficient food, and safe and adequate drinking water.
21. While noting that it has not received any information that evidence obtained under torture has been accepted, the Committee is concerned that criminal law in the State party does not contain any specific provisions on the prohibition of use of statements obtained under torture, as set out in article 15 of the Convention.
What the hell's the matter with you? You're under arrest!
At the same time, it aims to promote sustainable development and fight poverty.
8. The source draws attention to the fact that several members of OPIM have been awarded provisional measures by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights because they have been the victims of threats, judicial harassment and arbitrary detentions for a number of years for having denounced the human rights violations allegedly committed by elements in the army and for having exposed the abuses committed by the State authorities.
Capacity to detect illegal import and export;
Rotterdam Convention Official Contact Point Rotterdam Convention Designated National Authority /Authorities
61. His delegation was also concerned about the increase in supplementary resources earmarked for emergencies and for issues that were important to donors, while basic or regular resources were becoming scarcer.
Facing uo to Disaster: the US Response to Chemical Accidents in the Wake of Bhopal
You may discover that some of your favorite frocks don't look so swell in a photo.
298. The Committee is concerned that the offences contained in article 3 of the Optional Protocol are not all adequately covered under the State party's legislation.
Each stage of the dismantling process was highly technical: for example, extracting each missile warhead required 162 different operations.
But extreme sports are definitely gaining in popularity.
It is the right to be treated in every part of our national life as a person equal in dignity and promise to all others.
1To be held following the adjournment of the 20th meeting of the Committee.
Group of 77 (on Second Committee draft resolutions)
Departments of Guatemala
On the other hand, 16 per cent of females were engaged in clerical duties compared to 6 per cent of males.
Appeal proceedings were initiated before the Supreme Court of Justice.
Other objectives of UNISPACE III will be:
It charged the atmosphere and really killed productivity, especially when you were trying to figure out who you should be listening to.
9. The Group of 77 and China was of the view that a holistic approach to urban development and human settlements was required, providing for affordable housing, social services and infrastructure.
(o) Recalling that starvation of civilians as a method of combat is prohibited by international humanitarian law;
43. In addition, the United Nations IPSAS Implementation Project Team has worked on IPSAS-compliant accounting and reporting for United Nations-specific issues and during the reporting period has reviewed, inter alia, the IPSAS-compliant accounting for the Capital Master Plan, the reporting of goods and services in-kind provided under the Status-of-Forces Agreement and Status-of-Missions Agreement, and the accounting for funding arrangements under the European Commission's Financial and Administrative Framework Agreement.
Some of the reports received on the progress in implementation under the first commitment period were encouraging and demonstrated how much could be achieved.
If no decision is taken, the detained person must be released.
(v) Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and nonproliferation;
'The fatter the baby, the better the milk,' he says.It's a point of pride for Ms. Zhang, too.
While the exact timing of the next meltdown cannot be known, one thing is certain: consideration of what kind of financial system would best serve the world in the twenty-first century would be incomplete without Bitcoin.
The Mengzhu has summoned  the Four Masters?
But much to my surprise and against all of my plans, I later discovered that this same group of genes is also part of the human DNA.
From agriculture to industry and commerce bank transfer of Internet, how to account?
The Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, in pursuance of his mandate, visited Japan from 3 to 11 July 2005.
** Term expires on 31 December 2002.
Mr. Ian Smillie (Canada, diamond expert)
I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.
The results show that the relationship between human and gorilla is more closed related than between human and chimpanzee.
You can find that work, but itll take some effort
So I was disappointed to see the authors contradict the central thesis in the very same article.
Developing countries face the challenge of establishing national capacities to undertake such offshore projects.
Main Committees
You want to help others or be a leader in your field.
It also regularly organizes cultural activities, recreational activities and relaxation for the children to help them forget their suffering and the burdensome treatments which they receive.
Vietnamese cutia
More has to be done to ensure that adult perpetrators are duly prosecuted.
7. It is the intention to eventually propose established posts for the maintenance of IMIS.
If nothing is done to resolve these problems, the impact on access may be cancelled out.
Data from the Russian Federation, which reported the seizure of 71 laboratories in 2001, was not yet available for 2002.
Information on the existence of domestic law that would enable the restriction of access to information on persons deprived of their liberty.
2. At the same meeting, following statements by the representative of France and the observers for the Syrian Arab Republic, Egypt and Spain, the Commission adopted its draft report, as orally revised, and entrusted the Vice-Chairperson with its completion.
(a) Promotion and protection of the rights of children (A/65/41, A/65/206, A/65/219, A/65/262 and A/65/221)
right. get this covered up.
s too hot today!Too hot for shopping, too hot for walking, too hot for sightseeing.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
Item 10 of the provisional agenda
Following this, Lovat requested that the dispute be referred to arbitration in accordance with the contract and asked if the plaintiffs would agree to that process or if it would be necessary to bring a motion to stay the action.
To meet its long-term commitments, the Fund must ensure an adequate level of investment return on its assets, mindful of the approved risk tolerance philosophy and the requirements posed by its liabilities.
The sources said that the series of meetings began last week and are continuing.
Under the policy of decentralization and deconcentration of public services, support is given through the Seila project (supported by international donors) to provincial/municipal authorities and below to undertake their new responsibilities.
Human rights and thematic procedures (E/2000/23 (Part I))
Kim Sa-nee
A number of victims informed the Commission that they would not go to the police to submit complaints against actions by the official forces or the Janjaweed.
Because a mechanism had not been created for the resolution of disagreements, problem solving was either separately addressed with the United Nations or allowed to intensify until high-level negotiations became an acute necessity.
Grands-Ponts
In short, education enables women to overcome poverty and to embark on the road to development.
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned that the State party has been unable to provide culturally appropriate housing services to reflect the specific needs of different groups.
Nagging Men do not like it when a woman constantly nags them about getting things done whether or not it's with good intentions.
(e) Creating an environment where incentives are given for capacity-building among entrepreneurs for the use, adaptation and development of technology and supporting research and development and technical services.
Good books can enrich man's inner life.
In the context of South-South cooperation, Pakistan has been providing assistance to African countries in various fields.
Submit to the Executive Committee, by no later than its 57th session, information indicating the extent to which established international standards for the provision of assistance to refugees are being met by region and programme, and propose options/scenarios for improving the situation, where required, in order to bring such assistance in line with international standards (paragraphs 49 - 51).
For transparency purposes, it may be further advisable to set forth in the law the grounds under which approval may be withdrawn and to require the contracting authority to specify in each instance the reasons for any refusal.
Potash is the common name for fertilizer derived from potassium , and includes potassium carbonate and other salts .
When you transform an element, the entire element and its contents are transformed.
(a) Devote more resources to education in the national budget and to substantially increase the percentage of funds for the public sector;
Addresses and publications by the judges also helped to publicize the work of the Tribunal.
 Evidence relating to patterns of conduct will be particularly relevant in matters of sexual assault, to establish the existence of coercion sufficient to vitiate any alleged consent (rule 96).
The Roadmap marks the first concerted global attempt at mapping out a shared plan of action for making a preventive malaria vaccine reality.
You can minimize neck strain by positioning your monitor at eye level.
Draft resolution A/C.3/67/L.53: International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance
Conservatorio de Música "Beethoven"
1. Adoption of the agenda.
79. At the same meeting, on the proposal of the Acting Chairman, the Special Committee decided, subject to any directives that the General Assembly might give in that connection at its fifty-fifth session and in order to facilitate consideration of the question by the Fourth Committee, to transmit the relevant documentation to the Assembly.
In modern times it is not sufficient to have ordinary jurisdictions such as a system of administrative law.
you have some charge?
Singapore Polytechnic
Some people wonder what lure the words Chow Yun-fat could have on a movie marquee in Dallas or Denver.
The Conference is to adopt the report on its fifth session, which will be drafted by the Rapporteur.
Thailand is relatively tolerant of homosexuality and Bangkok a global centre for sex - change surgery.
The statements by petitioners would deal specifically with the situation of people in camps.
At the same time, the Conference on Disarmament also adopted its schedule of activities on 26 March 2014.
Hopi prophecy warns that nothing should be brought back from the Moon.
Arts with the same origin often share the same aesthetic aims.
 In particular, IFOR is sharing all reliable data it obtains on weapons holdings inside Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to encourage the credible implementation of this important agreement.
67. The United Nations system for the promotion and protection of human rights is based on two major supervisory mechanisms, namely: treaty and non-treaty mechanisms, Burundi has experience of the two systems.
We kicked the door and hid behind the bushes.
-Didn't we look for it, David? -We couldn't find it anywhere.
The Court held that Albania was responsible to the United Kingdom for these losses on the basis that it knew or should have known of the presence of the mines and of the attempt by the British ships to exercise their right of transit, but failed to warn the ships.
The Pacific has been long renowned in history as a region of peace, tolerance and cultural and traditional diversity.
Compliance with the recommendations made by the IGO in these reports is being closely monitored in coordination with the Inspection Unit.
A larger proportion of urban women (95%) had a skilled provider assist them during childbirth compared with rural women (84%).
 (b) Marginal changes in the boundaries set out in Annex A may be made by the Presidency on the recommendation of a Boundary Commission, which shall receive evidence from those specifically affected by them.
Article 8. Prohibition of slavery and forced labour 135 - 151 22
Comrade Liu was out so I left a card on him.
His audition tape went in and he called up the agent.
(a) Take all necessary measures to ensure that child victims of the offences covered under the Optional Protocol are provided with appropriate assistance, including for their full social reintegration and physical and psychological recovery, by, inter alia, effectively implementing its planned rehabilitation programmes;
Debris environment modelling
www.51education.net) don't cry because it is over,smile because it happened.
(b) Follow-up to and implementation of the Mauritius Strategy for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
In particular, this applies to the right to vote, but also to the right of access to certain professions and certain State subsidies.
A list of participants is contained in annex I to the present report.
You can take the man out of the company-- Let me be clear.
Q: As for the dumpling issue, the Japanese Government has lodged a formal protest to the Chinese Government today.
Depending on the outcome, the Executive Secretary may propose a slight amendment to the expenditures in 2006.
At its 108th plenary meeting of the sixty-eighth session, held on 10 September 2014, the General Assembly adopted resolution 68/309 entitled "Report of the Open Working Group on Sustainable Development Goals established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 68/288".
He assumed that, since members of the Group of Arab States routinely abused their own legal systems, their representatives would no longer be able to lead the Sixth Committee; that since millions of their citizens lived in poverty and were denied basic freedoms, they would no longer lead the Second and Third Committees; and that since they were plagued by corruption, they would no longer oversee the Fifth Committee. They should consider their own shortcomings before offering advice to other Member States.
However, within the 12-mile coastal zone, a vessel was allowed to detach itself from the net, provided that it kept it under constant observation.
Her jokes are really funny.
Had your country already adopted a NAP prior to The Strategy?
There's no need for ceremony between friends.
The association must spend its money on achieving the objective for which it was established and shall not be permitted to engage in trade in any manner whatsoever or in financial speculation.
Violations through acts of commission include the formal repeal or unjustifiable suspension of legislation protecting the moral and material interests resulting from one's scientific, literary and artistic productions.
Item 11 of the provisional agenda*
Supporters of the insurgency are happy to plant a roadside bomb in exchange for extra cash.
Sex Age 15-34
You Iook hungry   too.
Regarding access to the social rights of part-time workers, for instance access to the daily sickness benefits, the national inter-occupational agreement (ANI) of 11 January 2013 represents a significant advancement in view of the 24-hour minimum duration.
 I think this is a good opportunity to extend our gratitude to the group of countries namely, Canada, Egypt, Mali, Mexico, Pakistan and Sweden for its timely initiative to convene a summit devoted to children.
 We are pleased that the international financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the Asian and Inter-American Development Banks, are responding to this imperative.
Resettlement was described as an important tool of burden or responsibility sharing.
b. Thirty-seventh session, Vienna, 17-26 March;
2008 Hong Kong Wetland Park. All Rights Reserved.
It's really just a pressure sensor like the kind that's in a doorbell.
(2)Letter 2 (2)Letter 2Dear Sir,I have been told by Mr. John, Manager of the Business Book Publishing, with whom I believe you are acquainted, that you are expecting to make some additions to your company in September.
Ms. Tatjana Vukovic (Serbia) 233
(a) (i) Increased number of member countries making progress towards becoming members of regional and multilateral trade agreements (e.g. Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement and World Trade Organization)
Indeed, the United Nations cannot serve as an appellate court to modify the Award that is final and binding in accordance with article 4.15 of the Algiers Agreement. (Signed) Yemane Ghebremeskel
It is estimated that as many as 400 armed men may have boarded the ship during that period.
But if it was me, I would have ripped his spine out of his ass!
The human development pillar of the National Vision calls for the development of all Qatar's inhabitants to enable them to sustain a prosperous society and to meet the needs of this generation without compromising the needs of future generations.
February 2014
Concerning prior year unprocessed items, there remains two large balances amounting to $23,653.
Nice to meet you, Peter.GladPleasedIm glad toIts a pleasureUnit 2 Greetings Brief Introduction (Have you eaten yet
When there is a suitable post available elsewhere and the staff member can properly compete in the selection process, there are no concerns.
( www.51education.net) As it turned out we went to lunch several times, and she always wore a hat during the meal.
172. United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law (resolution 54/102 of 9 December 1999).
The Tribunal shall be entitled to use codes and to dispatch and receive correspondence and other material or communications either by courier or in sealed bags, all of which shall be inviolable and shall have the same privileges and immunities as diplomatic couriers and bags.
Schengen Convention
However, a subsequent political deadlock forced the Mission to devote most of its efforts to facilitating basic political consensus.
The European Court in subsequent decisions reaffirmed this view.
51. In a letter dated 2 November 2006 addressed to Congressman Faleomavaega, the United States Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs set forth the position of the Government of the United States on the status of American Samoa and other United States Insular Areas, which was considered equally valid for 2010.
Finalize its plan to elaborate a national law on assistance and protection of IDPs (Democratic Republic of the Congo).
The room is sunny and bright.
Suite currently deployed at MONUC and UNIFIL
To help us judge how good a job a company is doing in granting credit and collecting its receivables we compute the ratio of net sales to average receivables.
a. The definition and delimitation of outer space;
On 29 April 2008, between 1140 and 1330 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Bint Jubayl area.
A number of European and South African mercenaries feature in the story we trace.
In Africa’s wealthiest nation – but also the nation where wealth is most unequally shared – a bold populist now holds ultimate power over government policy.
II. OBSERVATIONS AND CONCLUSIONS 73-94 11
Americans put great value on both grooming and personal hygiene.
As reflected in today's presidential statement, Council members have decided that we need more information on the concept of operations for such a force and the likely availability of personnel before making a decision on this recommendation.
Is an essential ingredient for the success of the Basel Convention in its second decade of implementation;
The task of developing capacity and improving the ability of the Institute to offer the required services to its member States has been highlighted as a major means of reaching out to interested partners.
The Panel therefore recommends that KNPC be awarded a total of KWD 11,069,148 for its tangible property losses.
The custody of the fund assets is with a global custodian, the Northern Trust Company.
Do the shrimpers feature in your story?
The Mainland also agrees to amend the existing ROOs to waive the 30 per cent value adding requirement for watches of Hong Kong brand names. The revised rules should be conducive to the further development of the timepiece industry in Hong Kong.
30 November 1999 a.
40. As a principle of general application, the Rules should explicitly consider all inmates as subjects of rights and duties and not objects of treatment or correction.
The crossoer also included amiloride and losartan.
This is a strategic policy initiative for cities that are committed to adopting a more holistic, people-centred and sustainable notion of prosperity and pledge to deploy the necessary efforts and resources to move forward in the prosperity path.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of sub-item 92 (d).
Changes have been made in the management structure crime prevention methods and rank structure of the police force.
 Poland has all along advocated the further expansion of the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms as a premise for its universalization, which is indispensable.
However, in order to maximize the impact at the national level of the activities of the United Nations, OHCHR has been systematically pursuing a regional and subregional approach through a variety of complementary means and methods, including, in particular, the following:
2 room
All the facilities experience great difficulties in collecting, transporting and processing test specimens.
The present report, submitted in response to General Assembly resolution 65/147, provides an update on progress made in the implementation of Assembly resolutions 61/194, 62/188, 63/211, 64/195 and 65/147 related to the oil slick on Lebanese shores that resulted from the bombing of oil storage tanks in the vicinity of the Jiyeh power plant, a civilian utility serving the general public in Lebanon, in July 2006.
Committee on Relations with the Host Country
All of the relevant powers of the twenty-first century are represented in the G-20, and they should see the success of Copenhagen as part of their direct responsibility.
Russia will seek to block them, and NATO would seek to bomb these blockades.
In accordance with the International Standard on Auditing 610 on "Considering the work of internal audit", the Board has considered the activities of internal auditing and their effect on the external audit procedure.
The full findings of the first phase of the project have been published in a book entitled Women and Urban Crises: Gender-Sensitive Strategies for Managing Critical Urban Environments in the South and in Eastern Europe.
I say "women" because they play an extremely important role as a first teacher in conceiving and bringing up a child during the fundamental formative years of his or her life.
 25. Prior to UNCED, guidelines for the sustainable management of natural tropical forests had been elaborated in 1990 under the auspices of the International Tropical Timber Organization (ITTO), followed by the definition of ITTO criteria for monitoring of sustainability in tropical moist forests, published in early 1992.
13. Recognizes the importance of restoring confidence in the rule of law as a key element of transitional justice;
USING AN OHMMETER MEASURE THE GROUND CIRCUIT AT KEY-IN IGN SWITCH CONN.
It was clear that there could be no single approach given the diversity of clients.
Okay. let's put it to a vote.
The meeting was convened to consider the possibilities for the 11 countries signatories to the Nairobi Declaration on Small Arms to set up practical mechanisms for promoting information-sharing and exchange, cooperation on military issues, fighting cross-border crime and small arms proliferation through a firearms centre.
EAS 5
7. Recognizes the importance of the continuous development and strengthening of the United Nations human rights system for the consolidation of democracy;
Locally recruited staff members
During the last two decades, the shares of a number of emerging economies in international merchandise and services trade have grown considerably.
Epilogue. When wokers arrived at the silver Eagle near Galena one morning last month, they found the doors padlocked.
False smoke in the cut stem is not expanded, often with extinction.
The Acting President: I call on the representative of Portugal to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In printing a line of dots used to direct the eye along a printed line.
It has one of the world's highest rates of pet ownership at 64 per cent of households, compared to 62 per cent in the United States and 44 per cent in Britain
The Co-Chair (Mexico) made closing remarks.
Pakistan is also delighted at the agreement reached in Doha to have a strengthened and more effective intergovernmental process to follow up on the implementation of the Doha Declaration.
The thesis also discussed the absorption kinetics of the Bovine Scrum Albumin on the gold electrode of the Piezoelectric biosensor.
He feared he would be killed.
I study in Class 4, Grade3 in No.
The results of an impact evaluation - or of a programme results review - are intended to provide information useful in major decisions about programme continuation, expansion, or reduction.
Once in a while, right in the middle of anordinary life, love gives us a fairytale..
(a) Establishing a corruption and fraud prevention committee to serve as an effective framework and coordination point for a corruption and fraud prevention plan;
The mother may give her passport to her minor children to use upon her and the father's mutual approval.
43. In apprenticeships in England there is gender segregation apparent across some sectors, with women underrepresented in some higher paid and/or traditionally male dominated sectors such as construction and engineering.
trade-related services: Phase I (implemented) 13
Agenda item 162: Observer status for the Eurasian Economic Community in the General Assembly (A/58/143; A/C.6/58/L.5)
Or have you had enough of death and lice and men chopped up?
Highlighting the fact that the majority of persons with disabilities live in conditions of poverty and, in this regard, recognizing the critical need to address the negative impact of poverty on persons with disabilities, bearing in mind that an estimated 80 per cent of persons with disabilities live in developing countries, including least developed countries,
As if the water, sharks, crocodiles and other threats weren't enough, a flammable gas leak caused further chaos there recently, leading to even more evacuations.
It also avoids weakening the authority of Administrative Tribunal judgements.
He got the crackpot that the president is a Communist.
27. The provisional programme was adopted.
(iii) Increase in the number of fully accepted evaluation recommendations implemented in the field offices
On 15 October 2012, counsel provided an update on the author's situation in prison in Nepal and informs the Committee that the latter was attacked and life threatened in this locked cell room at odd hours by a co-detainee.
Military Staff Committee
Owing to underground pressure, petroleum and water moves upward through rock formation until it reaches cap rock which is less permeable.
The former returned to the latter, without interest, a sum of money (?1.7s.0.
1. Introduction
The State party explains that between 9 and 20 June 2010, 19 foreigners, who were sought after by Uzbekistan, were arrested, four of which were asylum-seekers and 15 had been previously recognized by UNHCR as refugees.
15. UNDP technical and administrative support to the African Peer Review Mechanism focused on launching the Mechanism in 14 countries, the completion of the reviews of four countries in 2008; the review of methodologies for costing the National Programme of Action and national self-assessment processes, and monitoring and evaluation of the implementation of the Mechanism.
28 September 1950
Is when its lifetime is long relative to the time the garbage collector takes to detect orphaned objects.
Do you remember the place where we met our history teacher the day before yesterday?
Eg: Integrate the internal structure to increase work efficiency.
In view of the scale of the problem and the Government's limited resources and technical capability, it would have been quite difficult for the country to tackle it without help from the international community, to which he expressed his country's gratitude for its generous and ongoing support.
Wednesday, 7 November 2007, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 5.45 p.m. in Conference Room 9; and
Moses said, "You are right; I shall never see your face again!"
Belarus*
Tax Reserve Certificates (Rate of Interest) (NO. 6) Notice 2005 - L.N. 141 of 2005
569. Among the Arab education system, 91.2% of the female-minors in the 12th grade age group took the matriculation exams (91.7% in 2002), compared to 86.1% of the male-minors (84% in 2002).
Financial regulation 5.2
In so doing, it even resorts to irresponsible methods such as manipulation of intelligence and frightening people to promote programmes that their people would otherwise not support.
Their child elements also belong to this same namespace unless specifically overridden.
In 2003, such training focused, in particular, on the status of the Roma in Finland, discrimination faced by the Roma and cultural issues.
Yes. I've come to apply for the position as an office secretary
(c) Equipment. The overall equipment situation is improving, but there are still significant shortages that need to be rectified.
However, the Committee remains concerned that the social budget of the State party does not define specific budgetary allocations for the provision of critical social services to children, exacerbating the substantial discrepancies between the urban and hinterland regions.
Participants at the workshop considered current practices and lessons learned from a diverse range of approaches, measures, methodologies and tools that have been developed to enhance economic resilience and reduce reliance on vulnerable economic sectors in the context of adaptation to climate change. These include the introduction of effective public policies, social security and safety nets, risk management and financial schemes, and activities related to information and knowledge sharing and learning.
All persons with a disability have the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
In this regard, the Chairperson warmly welcomes any collaboration or interaction between the Special Rapporteur and the Chairperson and the sessional working group with the mandate to elaborate detailed principles and guidelines, with relevant commentary, concerning the promotion and protection of human rights when combating terrorism in the hope that such interaction will result in the optimal legal framework.
30 November 2001
Yeah. Mom, I miss you.
VINCENT - A talented and geeky volcanologist who  cannot  help but get excited about pieces of magma.
A gendarmerie checkpoint had been set up at the entrance to the village.
You will have a chest - ray to see if there's anything wrong with your lungs.
Going out makes you more likely to spend unnecessarily.
If the interpretative declaration had a modifying or excluding effect, States might object to it, on the grounds that it was a disguised reservation.
III. List of documents issued for the ninth session of the Advisory Committee 12
The researches show that the newly developed hydro cyclones had a good separation efficiency.
It may also be noted that the end of the permanent contracts will progressively give to most of the United Nations staff a status similar to the status of ordinary workers and therefore entitles them to benefit from the same rights as workers.
39. Over the past year, Costa Rica continued to be part of the troika that heads the Rio Group.
It follows that the existence of a consistent pattern of gross, flagrant or mass violations of human rights in a country does not as such constitute a sufficient ground for determining that a particular person would be in danger of being subjected to torture upon his return to that country; additional grounds must exist to show that the individual concerned would be personally at risk.
The sense of reality of virtual environment has been increased,and at the same time it is possible to accurately collect the length of instantaneous cutting edge of milling cutter,coordinates of cutting point and geometric shape of partial cutter edge for physical simulation.
Carbon dioxide is converted into oxygen through the agency of plant.
Dental hygienists also give talks to children attending summer school.
Pina de Montalgrao
France
 2. The Third Committee considered the item at its 49th, 51st to 56th, 62nd to 64th and 66th meetings, from 1 to 6, on 10 and from 12 to 14 December 1994.
This is to enable the COP to contribute, together with the Council of the GEF, to the joint determination of the amount of funding necessary and available for the implementation of the Convention, as defined in the MOU between the COP and the Council of the GEF.
Born in Lefkas, Greece, on 22 July 1950. Studies
Opinions differ as to the reasons for France’s rejection of the Constitutional Treaty.
192. Given the high level of procurement activity and the inherent complexities of the mission, Procurement and Contracts Management Services will constitute a stand-alone service, which will necessitate that the level of the post for the Chief is commensurate with the level of his or her responsibilities.
57/57 "Prevention of an arms race in outer space" (operative paragraphs 2, 5, 6 and 8)
ASEAN Leaders' Statement on Joint Response to Climate Change (2010)
"Recognized international standard" may be statements of accepted technical, legal or commercial practices, whether developed by the public or private sector (or both), of a normative or interpretative nature, which are generally accepted as applicable internationally.
Subsequently, resolutions 10/4 and 18/22 were adopted in 2009 and 2011, in which the Council emphasized that climate change had a range of negative impacts on the human rights to life, adequate food, the highest attainable standard of health, adequate housing, self-determination, development and safe drinking water and sanitation.
Preface I. General framework
This is the opinion of the middle - of - the - roaders.
Number of girls
Thematic discussion on specific subjects and introduction and consideration of all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items, including:
Language traininga Otherb
While geared towards the least developed countries and landlocked developing countries, it also incorporated the benefits of cooperation with other middle-income countries.
Item 13 of the provisional agenda
Furthermore, we consider that it would be wrong to limit the disarmament process to the endeavours of the States parties to the NPT.
For example, the accessibility of United Nations facilities and information still fell short of what was required, given the Organization's leading role in ensuring respect for the rights of persons with disabilities.
19. The Board of Auditors assessed the extent to which the financial statements of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund for the biennium ended 31 December 2005 conformed to the United Nations System Accounting Standards.
(c) Whether the State party has entered into any extradition treaties since becoming a party to this Protocol or is negotiating any extradition treaties and, if so, whether such treaties recognize the offences corresponding to those referred to in the Protocol as extraditable offences;
Echizen-Hanandō Station
The referendum in East Timor was followed by an orgy of Indonesia-inspired arson, looting and violence.
In order to solve the problem of health monitoring at local area of large bridges a double-element substructure method to identify the physical parameters of bridge structures is proposed.
Conversely, in supporting the retention of the current formulation of the paragraph, the point was made that a distinction should be drawn between the legal principle and what was possible on the ground.
It would not, however, accede to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families nor would it ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women or the Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
Why don't the whales that swim in the ice cold seas of the Antarctic freeze?
The lack of health care facilities in rural areas may account for this.
 5. It is a matter of deep regret that, despite all efforts, attacks on United Nations and associated personnel have increased in the last two to three years.
      Talk Shows And Cable TV Talk Shows And Cable TV Talk Shows And Cable TV CALVIN: So, are you pretty well settled in your new place
He creates dealer courses on such topics as Lexus product knowledge and customer satisfaction.
4. Member of the Iraqi Delegation to meetings of the summit conferences and meetings of Arab Foreign Ministers.
5. Also recommends that the fourth consultation on the right to food recommended by the Commission on Human Rights be organized during this process at a suitable time;
China's custodian criteria are still abstract and lack of scientific basis, so they cannot be applied to practical operations.
The General Assembly,
KPC requests compensation in the amount of US$ 3,555 million for the crude oil sales that it would have made from 2 August 1990 through 30 November 1992.
Table 11
Right click the area of price list , then this feature can be selected quick menu.
Strength of Arms moved from tier 10 to tier 8.
Polyurethane(PU) is a kind of biological materials which has a good blood and tissue compatibility.
Recognition by the law of an automatic right of the secured creditor in proceeds was generally considered as one approach to the issue.
A leaflet was circulated in this room last week giving all the details.
The opening of the Rafah border crossing last Saturday, which enabled 1,548 Palestinians to cross into Egypt without being subject to Israeli checks for the first time, has raised hopes for further progress in efforts to revitalize the Middle East peace process.
Affirming that the enhancement of international cooperation for the promotion and protection of all human rights should continue to be carried out in full conformity with the purposes and principles of the Charter and international law, as set forth in Articles 1 and 2 of the Charter, and inter alia, with full respect for sovereignty, territorial integrity, political independence, the nonuse of force or the threat of force in international relations and nonintervention in matters that are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any State,
24.30 This component of subprogramme 3 is the responsibility of the Medical Services Division of the Office of Human Resources Management.
The Committee will begin its substantive work by holding a general debate on all disarmament and international security agenda items, from Monday, 7, to Wednesday, 16 October 2013.
Annex
UNMIK
Plenty of exercise will help you keep in shape.
Hong Kong Equity Fund Share Class AA
Grandpa has given up smoking.
State agents (specify):
You run when I run. Be my shadow. That's it, all right?
But I don't want it to be a big, awkward thing. I don't.
The projects stem from different agencies within Infancy, which they share or collaborate with ONE on.
This can be sorted out, to a certain extent, by correlating the extended set of functions of all the use cases.
A suggestion to insert the wording "an individual should have legal standing upon exhaustion of all domestic remedies" was made.
The international community needed to redouble its efforts to improve the status of children, and the United Nations had a pivotal role to play in that endeavour.
A: I feel I can make some positive contributions to your company in the future
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
Model of DPN rats were made with alloxan.
In addition, recycled mercury may be sold on the international commodities market, where it can be re-used.
cover all the prohibitions of the Convention, including the development, production, stockpiling, acquisition, retention, or transfer of agents, toxins, weapons, equipment and means of delivery specified in Article I of the Convention;
Mr. Rogge compared the criticism faced by Beijing to concerns about the readiness of venues that dogged the Athens organizers in the days before the 2004 Games.
(b) To decide on the treatment of other income/adjustments for the period ended 30 June 2012 amounting to $85,500 from interest income ($85,400) and other/miscellaneous income ($100).
Lattice reduction
Why this difference between the targets and observers in their forgiveness of the coerced harm doer?
My web system now, and I will use it for long for business online.
The life expectancy of the Chinese has been extended from 35 years before New China was founded in 1949 to 71.95 years today, close to that of moderately developed countries.
32 Staff assessment
Cheese
There are more than 500 varieties of wild plants, including  baderg  and deer.
In the same vein, and in order to bridge the gap between humanitarian response and development activities, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and UNHCR have expanded their joint programme aimed at improving the livelihoods of internally displaced persons and returned internally displaced persons beyond Shida Kartli to western Georgia.
This gives a total support cost of $33 million ($22 million plus $11 million) for the 484 systems with support costs, yielding an average support cost per system of approximately $68,000 ($33 million divided by 484).
One is a statement, and the other is a question. One lets you off the hook, and the other forces you to think.
I. Introduction 1 - 4 3
Subscription is not a common practice in non-legally binding instruments.
As the Organization is becoming more conscious of its carbon consumption, it must consider that its data centres contribute to the environmental burden.
Some Parties have suggested that the revised UNFCCC Annex I reporting guidelines must provide guidance to Parties on how to address and/or manage data issues concerning the need to recalculate emission estimates backwards to the base year using the new methods in order to ensure time-series consistency.
Both options should consider the work of the Committee with respect to rule 84, on the establishment and conduct of an inquiry by designated members, in line with rules 84, 85, 86, 87 and 88, and the need for assistance of additional staff and facilities, including additional meeting time, that shall be provided by the Secretary-General in connection with an inquiry.
Well, there is a reason for that
System . Text — Contains classes for encoding , decoding, and manipulating the contents of strings.
The peace dividend must be a tangible reality, not an abstract notion.
residential tenants will still receive ex-gratia payment under the "7,5,3,1 rule", plus an additional incentive where applicable, despite the fact that the rule originally contained in the Landlord and Tenants (Consolidated) Ordinance has been repealed; tenants who are qualified for public housing may opt for a public housing unit instead;
* The participation of women by job status shows that they are at a disadvantage: their participation is greater and growing in undervalued jobs such as unpaid worker and domestic worker.
There appears to be potential for duplication in a number of areas.
In that context, the question was raised of how best to ensure that a concessionaire respected his contractual obligations and did not abuse the position conferred upon him by the concession.
The paper analyses the main trend and development of current animation course, and deals with the teaching concept and method of animation study in our university.
Similarly, in the United Republic of Tanzania, Norwegian Church Aid promotes accountable governance of community water services through a public expenditure tracking system, which tracks whether funds allocated for vital public services, including water and sanitation, are spent as planned and on behalf of their intended beneficiaries.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
He was working so hard to play in this World Cup and it was heartbreaking to see him out.
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva,
With it, GPS becomes more than just a system for navigating boats and planes around the world. It becomes a universal measurement system capable of positioning things on a very precise scale.
 This study resulted in a revised plan which called for direct relationships with a limited number of regional custodians, rather than with many local custodians.
The estimated staff costs would amount to $2,396,200.
And the fire of God came down from heaven and consumed him and his fifty.And he sent again a captain of the third fifty with his fifty.
They decide to throw away the medicine used.
We've got current account and fixed account for individual savings.
The Big Man goes without eating for hours and hours at a time, so once, trying to be helpful, I bought him a big bag of granola to keep in his desk.
The trustee must revert the trust property if he changes the trust property into his inherent property; and the trustee shall bear the liability of compensation if he causes losses to the trust property.
They're an aphrodisiac, not that you need one.
Section 34(1) of the Immigration Act 13 of 2002 as amended (the Act) provides:
113. On 9 November, the Council issued a statement to the press, in which members expressed their outrage over the bomb attack in Mogadishu, which had caused numerous deaths and injuries and for which Al-Shabaab had claimed responsibility.
A. Planning assumptions
We are all very treasure together every minute, small clear to my care and gentle also make me more firmness with he together determination.
In Panama and Ecuador, FAO is cooperating in projects that have an environmental dimension: it provides assistance to indigenous communities in preserving their natural surroundings, and therefore their own livelihoods.
The points you have raised do not affect my opinion.
In this respect, underline the importance of the First Meeting of South American and Arab Ministers of Culture, held in Algiers, in 2006, which outlined the common policies and priorities for cultural cooperation.
Requests UNDP to make any necessary adjustments to the integrated results and resources framework before the end of 2014, incorporating the views of Member States, as appropriate;
With respect to draft article 13, the following suggestions were made: (a) the draft article should remain separate from draft article 17; (b) the phrases in square brackets in paragraph 1 should be deleted; (c) the words "in accordance with the procedure set out in draft article 17" in paragraph 2 should be replaced with the words "whereby the authoritative copy is readily identifiable as such"; (d) the draft article should be recast similar to other provisions on functional equivalence by starting with the words "where the law requires uniqueness".
1 General Service (Other level) (Network Support Assistant)
SUPER GLUE LAMINATING MACHINE Usage: mainly used for gluing and laminating of carpet, EVA, leather and cloth.
He added a brief postscript to his speech , giving the latest figures.
Furthermore, the cost of house arrest, typically borne by the defendant, can be very high.
34. A number of factors have increased the Board's misgivings about the Tribunal's ability to complete its work by the 2010 deadline.
Slovakia
Severe deprivations are causally related to `poor' developmental outcomes both long and short term".
A review of the United Nations Standby Arrangements mechanisms will therefore be ongoing.
The Committee recommends that the State party ensure, including through the signing of bilateral agreements containing appropriate safeguards, that decisions for return and re-integration of unaccompanied Romanian minors are carried out with the primary consideration of the best interests of the child and taking into account the Committee's views contained in its general comment No. 6 (2005) on treatment of unaccompanied and separated children outside their country of origin.
The Committee considers, however, that the complaint raises substantive issues under article 3 of the Convention, which should be examined on the merits.
 His delegation therefore supported article 47.
Don't scrape your feet on the floor.
It was furthermore decided to establish an open-ended Group of Governmental Experts with two separate Coordinators: Ambassador Chris Sanders of the Netherlands, to lead the work on discussing ways and means to address the issue of explosive remnants of war, and Minister Peter Kolarov of Bulgaria, to explore further the issue of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
128. Since July 2005, the Team has visited 10 States and has held discussions with many international and regional bodies.
The ancient Greeks managed perfectly well without mobile phones, and this singular failure will probably not matter much to sports fans.
Other activities
59. A draft plan of action on the family would soon be presented to the National Assembly for passage into law.
With a sinking heart Alexandra saw Frank led away down the corridor.
The avoid of 1 investment risk above all, must want careful investment.
We've hired six or seven CTOs [chief technical officers] or heads of engineering from start-ups this year.
Bilateral, regional, international and other cooperation
GC.9/INF.3
They added that Liberian diamonds in the market had been more abundant during periods in which LURD fighters had sought refuge, or regrouped, in Guinean border towns.
:: Attempts are ongoing to have gender issues incorporated in the reform of the Federal Civil Service Commission and to have gender questions dealt with in the process.
The Cour de cassation (Chambre civile) ruled that treaties were not necessarily suspended by the existence of a war.
UNITED NATIONS
Cinchona pubescens
Tomoko Tabata
As the exact origin of military observers is undetermined at this stage, their travel costs are based on the average cost of round-trip fares between Europe and the mission area.
77. Komatsu of Brazil refused to sell to Cuba a significant amount of equipment for road work on the National Highway. In observance of the extraterritorial regulations of the embargo, the Brazilian company replied that, as a subsidiary of a United States company, it could not sell to Cuba.
We also appreciate the excellent work done by Ambassador Ismael Gaspar Martins of Angola, the first Chairperson of the Commission.
In September, the United Nations General Assembly adopted a set of principles to guide sovereign-debt restructuring.
On Monday, the Wall Street firm announced plans to raise capital through an $8.5 billion share offering.
Musashi: No, but I will kick your butt!
The neighbours think that something ought to be done or undone.
As the world first - class university, the Stanford University's doctorate cultivation is the best in US.
Liaison Offr i/c(Special Duty)
Works with author to select inspectors and assign roles.
If you're late, run like hell.
The examples set forth below illustrate some typically encountered patterns.
Security and safety equipment
Those are the realities.
These include the Geneva Forum's annual day-long orientation workshop to introduce disarmament and security issues to newly arrived diplomats in Geneva, as well as meetings organized by the Geneva Centre for Security Policy.
- The need for transparency.
This evening, my mother bought a bag of lychees back, I picked up an observation with lychee.
- Bolt-ons/ home-grown modules create risks of bugs in the system;
CAS registry number: 6355-01-8 (Common CAS number for hexabromobiphenyl isomers)
Fifth special meeting
Mandate: GA res. 60/246, para. 14
Grand total for 2006 and 2007 (Table 1 + Table 2)
The preparation of guidance material is usually overseen by the Multidisciplinary Expert Panel and is commissioned by the Plenary. Workshops
They parted on amicable terms.
As we have stated in the past, the continued neglect of the core mandate of the Conference on Disarmament, as the only multilateral forum for negotiating disarmament treaties as established by the special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament, is no longer an option.
In general, these weaknesses also lead to producers being directly exposed to world market price volatility and create difficulties in access to finance.
In the statement which you made a short while ago, you also outlined the functions of the coordinators.
A. Technical work on issues related to the mandate of FAO
13. While the work on a green economy to date has placed a particular emphasis on internalizing environmental externalities in prices to send the right signals to producers and consumers, public policy for a green economy extends well beyond "getting prices right".
The functions of our government continue without interruption. Federal agencies in Washington which had to be evacuated today are reopening for essential personnel tonight and will be open for business tomorrow
At the 5935th meeting of the Security Council, held on 16 July 2008, in connection with the Council's consideration of the item entitled "Reports of the Secretary-General on the Sudan", the President of the Security Council made the following statement on behalf of the Council:
Accordingly, we have clarified the question.
AUSTRALIA
39. Ms. Flanagan (Canada) said that several paragraphs in the resolution delved into matters internal to the international financial institutions.
(e) Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy;
 The report by the Government issued at the end of January 1996 states that 3,500 policemen were deployed in those areas following the military's "Operation Storm" in August 1995, and further states that their number has not been reduced to date.
Strategic intent - Countries acquire the capacities and systems to ensure the right of the child to survival, growth and development and to achieve the highest attainable standards of health.
15. Estimates of income for the biennium 2010-2011 amount to $563.4 million, compared with estimates of $555.3 million for 2008-2009 -- an increase of $8.0 million.
Gender in UNDP
82. The Committee also recommends that the State party ensure, through adequate legal provisions and regulations, that all children victims and/or witnesses of crimes, e.g. children victims of abuse, domestic violence, armed conflict, sexual and economic exploitation, abduction, and trafficking and witnesses of such crimes, are provided with the protection required by the Convention and that it take fully into account the United Nations Guidelines on Justice in Matters Involving Child Victims and Witnesses of Crime (Economic and Social Council resolution 2005/20 of 22 July 2005, annex).
The falling star described a long curve in the sky.
Animate the character designed according to the idea of Picasso's stereograph school and the form of Chinese paper-cut animation.
We should then be able to begin drastically reducing unemployment and poverty.
This is Dolohov. I recognize him from the wanted posters.
I want to send a cable first then send an invoice.
Her Australian wool shawl is beautiful.
Europe, in particular, needs a narrative of long-term hope that will trigger a real recovery.
From the Latin American and Caribbean group: Ms. Karla Acosta Resendiz (Mexico)
Carrasco and Padre set out to locate him and bring him back home.
Moreover, the conclusion of a treaty, an instrument which involved rights and obligations, required the presentation of credentials signed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs unless it was concluded by one of the three aforementioned persons.
II. Views received from Governments in accordance with paragraph 4 of General Assembly resolution 54/54 I
Chair: Mr. Kohona (Sri Lanka)
42. RS has secured access to education to members of national minorities.
Director of general post office: Still calculate pretty good, just often somebody complains stick not firm!
68. Mr. Hrbac (Slovakia), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
For example, the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) collaborates with WHO in protecting the destruction of medicinal plants.
Let me treat you to an authentic Beijing  snack  called ai wo wo.
Information on the status of conventions and model laws is regularly updated on the UNCITRAL website (http://www.uncitral.org).
Senior Security Officer
Action on draft resolutions A/C.5/52/L.36* and A/C.5/52/L.52
It's you I have to thank for having been her lover, just as it's you I must thank for not being her lover any more. Am I right
The necessary support activities will vary greatly according to the criteria selected.
It covers the period from January 2007 to November 2008.
Besides, the house that my parents rented to look after me is near my school.
Chemicals
ISAF is currently addressing these issues, but they will require a medium- to long-term effort.
He also intends to visit other countries in Europe and Asia.
c. Facilitate the implementation of the action plan on the prevention of underage recruitment and support the Government of Afghanistan in the delisting process by developing a "road map towards compliance" and enhance the resources available for child protection in support of follow-up activities linked to the implementation of an action plan at the provincial level;
General observations
Have agreed, as an intermediate step, as follows:
 We are now at the beginning of a new phase with a host of new challenges to face.
Mary, the cook, is walking out with Jack, the chauffeur.
898 Hildegard
And we will be able to sit down then.
Two major orientations dominate the proposed strategy: ensuring the self-sustainability of the Trade Points and reducing dependence on UNCTAD resources; and ensuring the interconnectivity of Trade Points.
5.5 The author was arrested and placed in incommunicado detention for a period of just over 72 hours, after which she was detained in prison.
The Governance of the QSP comprises the International Conference on Chemicals Management as the most senior body, followed by the QSP Executive Board and the QSP Implementation Committee.
32. Treaty obligations regulate security and safeguards.
Georgia
Facts  Figures on Local Health
12. During the crisis, UNAMID reinforced its presence on the ground and conducted 24/7 patrols in the camp.
An anti - war demonstration broke out here at the weekend.
highly much The plane was flying high. I think highly of your opinion.
Most species lack scales over most of the body, making it smooth and slippery.
Researchers led by Ben Chapman at North Carolina State University wanted to evaluate the effectiveness of current food safety instructions.
The report on the meeting rooms had addressed the basis for their proposed construction and prospects for allowing more natural light into the rooms, while the report on parking had provided several options, each with cost details.
The chants for justice, liberty, and human dignity reveal the depth of Egyptians' discontent, and their aspiration for a democratic system.
The analysis provided above (II-III) indicates that, in addition to the judgments involving thirty-one persons, the ICTR will deliver judgments in at least twenty-one cases in respect of thirty-seven persons from 2006 onwards (two cases at the judgment writing stage; twenty-five accused currently on trial and six detainees).
The Zam Zam camp in northern Darfur absorbed the largest single influx of newly displaced persons, with over 6,000 new arrivals in October alone.
2. Statements were also made by Kim Hak-Su, Executive Secretary of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), Rubens Ricupero, Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), Nitin Desai, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, and Yoshiro Iwasaki, Director of the Programs Department of the Asian Development Bank.
Indeed, their common determination, demonstrated during the mid-term review, to go beyond the traditional division between donors and recipients, or North and South, should be seen as an enabling factor for creating such conditions.
We have stopped half way in our struggle to create a better world.
27. Her Office had been working closely with UNICEF and with the office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
UNIOSIL
15. Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as a matter of priority, to publicize the adverse effects of the activities of mercenaries on the right of peoples to self-determination and, when requested and where necessary, to render advisory services to States that are affected by those activities;
Did that mean, for example, that data messages would always be valid in a contractual context, even though one of the parties might not expect or even wish to entertain data messages?
It's pretty good, I don't have any problems living here and I am not a fussy eater so I don't have problems with the food either!
Data are also collected on maternal morbidity.
OFTA will continue to take initiatives to educate the consumers and to enhance public knowledge about telecommunications services available.
It is my intention to continue to move forward along the path they traced during their terms.
21. At the same meeting, the Committee retained operative paragraph 18 by a recorded vote of 159 to 2, with 1 abstention.
All those ideas were already on the table nearly twenty years ago and all the arguments and considerations that were used then are still used today.
When you put the patch on the skin, they take up the adjuvant and go directly to the lymph nodes.
Inna Deriglazova
The curable oligomer may include unsaturated functional groups at each end of a chain, and may further include 3 to 14 ethylene oxides.
The Agency remains the only competent authority for verifying compliance by member States with their security guarantees from the legal perspective and in terms of voluntary confidence-building measures.
13. The candidates recommended by the Council for appointment to the vacant post of ad litem judge of the Dispute Tribunal are:
1989: United Nations consultant (undertook several missions for the United Nations).
We need to touch all the bases before making a decision.
:: Implementation of a 10-week certificate course on administration for 50 female national staff, in cooperation with a national educational institution
44. At its 9th meeting, on 25 May, on the proposal of the Chair, the Commission decided to take note of the following documents (see chap. 1, sect. C, decision 15/101):
The majority of the programmes planned for 2008 can be broadly classified as relating to early recovery, with ongoing efforts being made to establish a suitable flexible funding mechanism.
The Human Rights Council, in its decision 2/102, requested the Secretary-General to continue with the fulfilment of his activities, in accordance with all previous decisions adopted by the Commission on Human Rights, and to update the relevant reports and studies.
This note is only a reminder.
The Committee also appreciates actions by the Ministries of Education, Health and Social Affairs, the Council of Judges and the Directorate of Immigration to develop training courses to increase the knowledge and skills of public servants and judges in the prevention of racial discrimination.
We begin this meeting in the context of two sensitive situations, which have caused dozens of deaths, hundreds of deaths and thousands of other victims in two countries of the international community.
With regard to UNEO's budget, the organization could strengthen its activities in certain key areas in which it would offer added value: early warning systems, scientific expertise, support for developing countries, capacity-building, coordination of international environmental governance, follow-up of implementation and communication.
I'm not feeling very well.
43. Turning to chapter V of the report, specifically, the Preliminary Conclusions of the Commission contained in paragraph 157, he reaffirmed the integrity of the existing system for reservations to treaties set out in the 1969 Vienna Convention.
UNMIN has been ready to commence the second phase of registration and verification of Maoist army combatants, which will require those remaining in cantonments to have been born before 25 May 1988 and not to have been recruited after 25 May 2006.
Risk communicators must provide external stakeholders with clear and timely information about methylmercury risks and measures to manage it.
reinforce v. The balloon expanded, then exploded.
The proposed Logistics Operational Officer will be responsible for the effective and efficient supervision of the strategic deployment stock inventory held at UNLB and suppliers' premises. He or she will also be responsible for logistics-related strategic deployment stocks procedures and guidelines and will assist in the development, implementation and monitoring of strategic deployment stock policies in order to meet the objectives of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
314. As for the first area, UNAR financed 8 projects, amounting to 315,943 Euros.
Ibid., comments by France. It was also observed that the distinction between secession and dissolution was preserved while ensuring that the provisions in both sections were similar.
Even more essential is the support which UNOTIL and UNDP continue to provide to the Timorese judiciary, which is unlikely to become fully self-sufficient before 2007.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/62/7/Add.36)
[6 June 2011]
That statement of the Secretary-General reflects the view of the Security Council.
A.4 Data collection and monitoring
The United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development 11th Session, 28 April-9 May 2003, United Nations Headquarters, New York.
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
The continued existence of an abatable nuisance is not authorized under the law.
The critical role that local administrations can play in reducing disaster risk remains largely undervalued and underresourced.
So far, he has only been able to trace out a policy.
When contaminants do not influence the potency of the other contaminants, two types of addition exist: dose addition and response addition.
Sports venues completed in 1966
Major energy producers and new and considerable demand for energy are also coming from the South.
This notice should keep unwanted visitors out of the building.
The need to prevent and minimize negative impacts of climate change and response measures;
Iceland
2. Encourages Governments and Habitat Agenda partners to give appropriate consideration in their contributions to the post-2015 development agenda to sustainable urbanization, to sustainable urban development and to the role of cities and local governments in this regard;
 In considering the above re-routing proposals, TD has taken into account the following factors:
Other entities have included gender mainstreaming in training on the project and programming cycle.
Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council (Fifteenth Supplement - 2004-2007 (Vols. I and II))
Letter dated 24 October 2013 from the Permanent Representative of Myanmar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
10. The area comprising the rule of law, justice and human rights will continue to focus on enhancing the functioning of the judiciary, completing outstanding investigations and strengthening national human rights institutions and accountability mechanisms.
Those injustices can be felt most tangibly in unfair and imbalanced trade relations between the rich and the poor countries.
Article 266 criminalizes the act of making preparations for such offences, and article 273 specifies penalties when such offences result in serious consequences.
30. The recommendations advanced on several occasions by the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights calling for the National Convention to be placed on a solid democratic footing, have been disregarded by the current administration.
It's if you fall off, so the way you memorise I think is important.
(dd) Any other responsibility identified by the Committee.
(a) That the theme for the humanitarian affairs segment of its substantive session of 2005 would be "Strengthening of the coordination of the United Nations humanitarian assistance, including capacity as well as organizational aspects";
The President did not grant a pardon (which he could have done under paragraph 2 of article 34 of the Constitution) which would have removed the disqualification to vote or seek election, which the author is subject to for seven years from the completion of his prison sentence, i.e. until April 2013.
I'm Steve Ember.
But the problem remained that draft article 26, paragraph 9, had been drafted as a footnote but had somehow ended up as part of the text.
BWC/MSP/2004/L.1 Synthesis of Considerations, Lessons, Perspectives, Recommendations, Conclusions and Proposals Drawn from the Presentations, Statements, Working Papers and Interventions Made by Delegations on the Topics Under Discussion at the Meeting of Experts
The Secretary-General has reported to the Council separately on this issue.
hell, I've seen too many games in this stadium.
Please cut the potatoes into pieces.
Aggravated corruption (art. 168)
If a binding convention could not be adopted, States should at least be encouraged to put the draft articles and principles into greater use in their domestic decision-making processes and international relations, cooperating with each other and exchanging important information on the transboundary risks of hazardous activities.
I have get that book from a floating packman.
It is illegal to defame or disparage BEIJING 2008 TICKETING WEBSITE, the trademarks or service marks of BOCOG, or any aspect of the Website.
I don't know the first thing about the lawsuit.
If versions in any other United Nations official languages are available, they should be included with a clear indication of the original language and/or which language versions are to be used for reference only.
(b) Within the margins of the Fourth United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries, held in İstanbul, Turkey, from 9 to 13 May 2011, the President of Turkey, Abdullah Gül, held meetings with the President of Guinea, Alpha Condé, and the Guinean Minister for Foreign Affairs and Guineans Living Abroad, Edouard Niakoye Lama, on 10 May.
Even in the Silicon Valley, India's Bangalore region, or any of the other world centers of innovation, not everyone is an innovator.
United States of America
Financial regulation 5.4
:: took note that the post of President of the Republic was vacant,
A beer should be drunk from a chilled glass so place your glass in the freezer for the coldest glass.
In cases where it is not reasonably practicable for the employer to modify the employee's job functions or reassign her, the employee will be granted an unpaid leave of absence for the duration of the risk as indicated in the medical certificate.
- Association of Peace and Solidarity for Development (APSD);
Objective: to investigate the general ECG characteristics of taekwondo athletes at rest state and the incidence rate of arrhythmia.
To observe the anticoagulation effect of low molecular weight heparin on hemodialysis and to study its related nursing aspect.
It is our task to build up a nuclear power station somewhere by the end of this year.
Similarly, another 100 million people will be added to the ranks of the 800 million people who are already suffering from food insecurity in our world.
Strengthen safe education among the staffs, take fire fighting course once a year.
"4. In paragraph 1, before the word `concern' delete the word `grave', and after the word `Darfur' replace the existing text by the following: `in spite of the conclusion of the Darfur Peace Agreement which some parties have yet to sign';
Following the court's denial of Mr. Taylor's motion for acquittal in May 2009, the trial has recommenced.
22. Equality is addressed in the organic law of Liberia, with reference to all persons.
On the supply side, new technical solutions were needed to make it easier to build low-cost housing.
“2. In accordance with Section 34 of the Convention, once the Secretary-General has determined that such words were spoken in the course of the performance of a mission and has decided to maintain, or not to waive, the immunity from legal process, does the Government of a Member State party to the Convention have an obligation to give effect to that immunity in its national courts and, if failing to do so, to assume responsibility for, and any costs, expenses and damages arising from, any legal proceedings brought in respect of such words?
Open source spying does have its risks, of course, since it can be difficult to tell good information from bad.
 Between 1990 and 1995 Africa's share in world trade declined by a staggering 30 per cent, from 3.1 per cent to 2.2 per cent.
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in order to ensure to them equal rights with men in the field of education and in particular to ensure, on a basis of equality of men and women:
56. UNESCO has continued its close collaboration with OAU on the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa.
In this regard, the Group urges all States parties, in this session of the Preparatory Committee, to shoulder their responsibility in order to prevent further negative repercussions of not implementing the 1995 Resolution on the Middle East and section IV, including the convening of the Conference, as mandated by the 2010 Review Conference of the Treaty.
Operations and maintenance
In particular, it contains a module on logistics that emphasizes the essential role of information in the context of freight transport management.
1. Reiterates the importance of the United Nations activities at the regional level to increase the stability and security of its Member States, which could be promoted in a substantive manner by the maintenance and revitalization of the three regional centres for peace and disarmament;
International civil society organizations can encourage the development of a vibrant national civil society, that includes a prominent role for women and young people, and support the development of national and community-based approaches to prevention.
So to our blueprint, we need to add tuned spines.
So the fact of the matter is many of you in your initial papers will get lower grades than you've probably ever gotten before in your life.
1. I'd hate for you to leave our company.
Perhaps that is something that could be considered as a second agenda item.
In this world, mere remembrance rising from spirit could let one's heart get close to the big river in meditation.
Original: Spanish
The Committee finds that the first progress report provides detailed and useful information with respect to the regular programme of technical cooperation, and recommends that the report be provided to the General Assembly in the context of its consideration of the proposed programme budget for 2012-2013.
Young Albanians were continually being threatened with induction into the Serbian army, which they refused to join because of their opposition to the war being waged by Serbia.
7. At the same meeting, the representative of the United States called on the Committee to take immediate action to recommend granting the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission consultative status, emphasizing that members of the Committee had had ample time to consider the responses of the organization to the 44 questions posed to it since it had first applied and arguing that the organization had made significant contributions to the field of HIV/AIDS research and had fully met the requirements set out in resolution 1996/31.
-FECT Overview of the Banking Industry in China I.Thr Role of the Banking Sector in ChinaParagragh 11(P2,1.During this period a number of important structural measures have been taken with particular significance for the banking sector
The adoption of this draft resolution by the General Assembly should serve as a constant reminder of the need to answer the question Nelson Mandela posed to this Assembly when he said,
His initials were engraved on the cigarette case.
Ghatail Upazila
It also recommends that the State party draw this matter to the attention of political parties.
It was half past six; the family had just finished breakfast; the servant was clearing and wiping down the table.
Within the meaning of this ordinance, the following definitions shall apply:
Mr. Jean Marie Vianney Minani, Rwanda Environment Management Authority.
Stringent labor laws continue to deter entrepreneurs from hiring workers.
cm059 Lesson 59 My Best Friend My best friend is the most thoughtful person in the world.
It's like I've been carrying around this weight, So, want to tell me what started this lost weekend?
The report was elaborated on the basis of your letter dated 8 March 2006 and is submitted pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
World Programme for Human Rights Education
You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he's expecting to wake up.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY
This, from the very outset, gave the Committee a close association with Egypt that was reflected in its legal, political and diplomatic role over the past four decades.
List of donors to the Library of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (2010)
The presentation of the first expert, from the Norwegian University of Life Sciences, started with a comparison of the different characteristics and requirements of safeguards and non-carbon benefits.
Agenda item 134
Portfolio accounting and reconciliation system
Total
Brazil's national programme of action provided the appropriate framework for the implementation of cooperation at the regional level.
Traditional wetting agent often leads to defects in vitrified abrasive wheel.
:: Provision of advice on truth-seeking to the President and other stakeholders and recommend measures to be taken towards establishing a mechanism
Selecting process of youth representative at program county level should be strictly controlled.
32. In two previous JIU reports on oversight, the Unit discussed in detail the advantages of consolidating different internal oversight elements of an organization into a single office but it also recognized that effective functional coordination of separate entities can be achieved through other means such as an oversight committee.
(m) No provision is made in the Foundation for end-of-service benefits including accrued annual leave, and for post-retirement benefits.
The State party should ensure that independent and effective mechanisms to receive complaints and conduct prompt, impartial and effective investigations into allegations of torture and ill-treatment are in place.
Few have received economic support, child-care assistance, help to ensure that absent parents assume responsibilities towards their children, access to mental health or drug rehabilitation services.
(c) Regulation or management of biological resources important for the conservation of biological diversity whether within or outside protected areas, with a view to ensuring their conservation and sustainable use;
Better start now.You're going to need it.
Board of Auditors
This could lead to real cooperation with Russia.
 FAO's Remote Sensing Centre was involved in activities aimed at refining the satellite imagery technology and ground verification procedures related to the detection of poppy production.
All I had done was finance a trip by Bo Keeley to the brothels there.
What about the Grand Canyon?
Maybe they didn't let you in on all of it but whatever you do know, tell me.
5.9a
Tell her to make me a cambric shirt. Parsely sage rosemary and thyme. Without no seams nor needle work. Then she will be a true love of mine.
Third, farmers has land guarantee.
m fraid I couldnt bear fatigue of a long journey.
2. At the 2nd meeting, on 11 February, the Chair of the fifty-second session, Sewa Lamsal Adhikari (Nepal), opened the regular session and made a statement.
It includes medical review of schoolage children and subsequently at 8 and 12 years of age.
-- The school kip?
Two Cougar Turkish military helicopters infringed international air traffic regulations and violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by entering the Nicosia FIR and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC.
On our way back to the hotel , the cold ocean wind was still blowing. However, I felt the unmistakable warmth of the night .
Wikipedia copyright
21. The Committee has been cooperating fully to help promote the objectives of the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, 1995–2005.
11. In taking up the substantive questions before the Committee, speakers emphasized the important role of the Department of Public Information in communicating the work of the United Nations to a broad and diverse global audience.
"No . . . no luck today, Dad, " she would respond meekly .
Today, United Nations peacekeeping forces are holding local militias in check and maintaining the peace in a precarious situation.
Reliability: Information is reliable when it is free from material error and bias and can be depended on by users to represent faithfully that which it is said to represent.
Total
Deaf teachers have been appointed in schools for the hearing-impaired.
4. Twenty-four members are to be elected according to the following pattern:
Implementation of UNCLOS, the related Agreements and relevant international instruments
(f) Three new technical medical instructions were introduced during 2005 and four technical instructions were revised;
Data sources
Some applications required further administrative processing, which took additional time, she said, stressing that applicants were advised of that requirement when they applied.
Accordingly, the Committee will continue to use opportunities such as the regional seminars to disseminate information on its activities and on the Territories in an effort to mobilize world public opinion to support and assist the people of the Territories in bringing about a speedy end to colonialism.
To begin with, TV can keep us informed of what is happening throughout the world. For example, it can provide us with the up-to-date information about the recent developments in science and technology
Norway welcomed the decision to establish a United Nations Task Force against Transnational Organized Crime, to develop a system-wide approach integrating responses thereto in the Organization's peacekeeping, security and development activities.
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK), Harri Holkeri, introduced the Secretary-General's report (S/2004/71) on the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) and the activities of UNMIK, with a specific emphasis on the implementation by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of the eight standards prescribed in the "standards before status" policy.
Yes, would like to take you to a movie.
Overcoming the challenges of landlocked developing countries called for close cooperation and collaboration with their transit neighbours.
Whether one accepts this interpretation, other information helps us to judge Einstein's language abilities after he began to speak.
100. The Subcommittee took note of the Global Disaster Information Network (GDIN), which was contributing to harmonization of data and information products from multiple remotely sensed and in situ sources in order to establish reliable and timely sharing and exchange of data for all phases of disasters.
Actions speak louder than words.
The gardens have also received a great deal of attention. The princess, with characteristic energy, has overseen the planting of 2,500 rose bushes to form a maze and has designed a knot garden.
:: Strengthen cooperation and coordination among relevant States, organizations and sectors, on the basis of existing instruments and mechanisms
Guidance on the development of such summaries had been made available to the Committee in document UNEP/FAO/RC/CRC.5/INF/3.
(a) The meaning of "direct participation" in the legislation and practice of the State concerned;
Carl Flesch
Slovakia
23 February 2007
Both the Government of Lebanon and the Government of Israel concur with this principle of a permanent ceasefire and a long-term solution.
Lessons from this cooperative initiative have been shared with other countries to encourage replication.
You are ambitious and strong, but also somewhat conservative.
Penalties established by the Penal Code for
Cross-media ownership restrictions are stipulated in Part 2 of Schedule 1 to the Broadcasting Ordinance (hereafter referred to as "the Ordinance").
1. Reaffirms the right of all persons displaced as a result of the June 1967 and subsequent hostilities to return to their homes or former places of residence in the territories occupied by Israel since 1967;
(i) Non-recurrent publications: Raul Prebisch lectures (2);
5. We point out that, by supporting the ethnic Albanians in the province of Kosovo and Metohija and by recognizing their unilaterally proclaimed independence, some United Nations Member States have made a precedent.
" Even so , you've come just a bit too early, Mr. Wu, "
3. The Secretary-General introduced his second annual report, as required by article 166, paragraph 4, of the Convention (ISBA/4/A/11).
Indonesia
It's possibly the largest and most geographical spread open source project in the world.
Energoprojekt’s claim for contract losses is summarised in table 46, infra.
28. Endorses the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur in his report (E/CN.4/1999/42, paras. 72—78) in particular that:
And infect, the more crisis applied all around of this, the bigger it gets.
Latest report submitted and considered
For interference with computer data, the conduct constituting interference ranges from damaging or deleting to altering, suppressing, inputting or transmitting data.
Paragraph 16.17
(b) A significant number of children continue to suffer from anaemia;
(b) The congress could be held in conjunction with a regular session of the General Assembly (Sixth Committee);
Delegation of financial authority and financial management capacity
Out of the 96 private adoptions which were finalized, the child was placed with relatives in 80 cases.
Outcome of the activity
5. Takes note with appreciation of the two reports of the Working Group on the Financing of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East and the efforts of the Working Group to assist in ensuring the financial security of the Agency, and requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary services and assistance to the Working Group for the conduct of its work;
11. As an organization, the Commission on Narcotic Drugs was established in 1946 by the Economic and Social Council as the central regulatory body in the field.
60. The excessive accumulation of debt has been shown to be detrimental to growth and welfare.
The General Assembly,
Childcare in rural areas 342. The Countryside Agency and its predecessors over a number of years have built up quite considerable knowledge and expertise on childcare provision in rural communities.
A State party that has been requested to submit a written reply that relates only to the question of admissibility is not precluded thereby from submitting, within six months of the request, a written reply that shall relate both to the communication's admissibility and its merits.
Any increase in resources, which appeared nowhere in the agreed language of the draft resolution, would have to be debated in the Fifth Committee.
The Inspectors would like to point out the following operational problems and shortcomings that need to be addressed in order to increase the efficiency, transparency and reliability of recruitment through NCRE.
These women, whose menfolk often leave to seek work or to join in armed conflicts, have been hit by soaring fuel and fertiliser costs.
4. Economic statistics
Curfews and closures made Palestinians prisoners in their own villages and towns and prevented them from obtaining food or seeking medical assistance.
The old lady's strength is draining away.
In other words, get more retirement income from your assets by leaving nothing behind.
(Agenda item 4(c))
About Other Uses For Direct Mail
In 2009, the amount of cocaine seized essentially remained at a high level in the Plurinational State of Bolivia (27 tons, compared with 29 tons in 2008) and Colombia and reached a record level in Uruguay (2.7 tons), but decreased to 21 tons in Peru (from 28 tons in 2008) and continued to decrease in Chile (8.4 tons, down from 9.5 tons in 2008).
Contradictory information had been given on Roma women, another minority.
Canada is preparing for the launch of the near-Earth object surveillance satellite (NEOSSat) microsatellite in 2012.
The provisions of the peace agreements relating to the release of Palestinian political prisoners have not been fully implemented by Israel.
If the dictionary were cheaper, I would have bought it yesterday.
Report of the Legal Subcommittee on its forty-eighth session
Macea
Finally, the spread and more active role of State-owned enterprises and sovereign wealth funds (SWFs) have further accentuated national security concerns in relation to foreign investment.
In June 2009, Médecins Sans Frontières-Belgium announced that it would pull out of Bakool region.
(b) Develop a specific programme of assistance in respect of victims of torture and ill-treatment.
A single member has more power than two thirds of the Members of the United Nations.
The Advisory Committee believes the time has come for a thorough review of liaison offices to determine what tasks still need to be carried out by them in view of the ability to communicate instantly around the world.
In contrast, thousands of Oracle tables and indexes are preallocated but never used for each module running an SAP application.
Introduce the technology contents the authorizing standard; describe the innovating; applying and implementing effect of editing standard.
The impact of intervening acts
(b) Apply to information made available online on existing language policies for document distribution, unless otherwise directed by their governing bodies, after consideration of related financial implications.
you bad girl, why didn't you come to Sunday-schoolI did come -- didn't you see meWhy, no
144. The Oliy Majlis, the highest legislative body of the Republic of Uzbekistan, creates the legal basis for safeguarding and protecting human rights.
As the development of signal processing and electronic technology, the system of radar signal reconnaissance receiver has been changed from analog to digital.
The most striking proof that security is guaranteed throughout the Republic is the fact that none of the hundreds of political, administrative and military authorities involved have been confronted by any of the armed bands.
Luciano Olguín
Reaffirming the need to ensure that all United Nations officials and experts on mission function in a manner that preserves the image, credibility, impartiality and integrity of the United Nations,
This approach can be traced back to the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, where climate policy embarked on a rocky and violent path of forgotten alternatives.
The view was expressed that the question of legal remedies should be further considered as regards categories (a) to (g); the persons under category (h) do not appear to be personnel of the United Nations.
Serbia and Montenegro
In a few minutes the young men had drunk their champagne, and gone out to smoke.
In the development of the Disability Strategy, the Commission consulted extensively with EU-level CSOs and DPOs, e.g. by organising an online public consultation to gather the views of the public and a consultative workshop with key stakeholders representing civil society, DPOs, industry, service providers and social partners.
I've been able to things that no-one else has ever been able to do and this is one of the funnest ways to finish it, in a relay.
30 to 35
Both German organizations, WPK and IDW (see section II) are members of IFAC.
Strict restrictions on investments based, for example, on the domicile of a company or a product should, however, be avoided.
Choe Hang
Let's hear it one more time For flo rida.
Disability Support Services
Such outward displays of injury are said to be uncommon since torture victims are usually brought to trial well after their injuries have healed.
25 January 1971
China's education system is shifting from exam - oriented mode to diathesis mode.
 13. His Government was determined to continue along the path of socio-economic development, national reconciliation, democratization and the promotion and protection of human rights.
29. The importance of addressing the causes and identifying the motivation behind urbanization and internal migration was acknowledged by the participants. Governments must focus on its impact on areas of origin and of destination.
However in a heterogeneous society, there may not be a comparable goal.
An abridged edition of the Global Report on Human Settlements was published in 2005 in English and in Arabic.
The objectives for review under Article 8 of the Kyoto Protocol are:
In that resolution, the Commission recommended, inter alia, that the Council adopt the revised draft plan, taking into account the Commission's resolution and its comments contained in an annex to that resolution.
Title and article 1
Become famous planer building imposing coliseums or majestic city halls.
To identify and any issues of any concerns to Regulatory manager or Management representative.
UNFPA Nepal made excessive use of service contractors to support its core functions, while the Sudan country office made extensions of the service contractors without performing performance evaluations.
Horhausen, Rhein-Lahn
The driver got out of the car and began shouting at me .He was very angry with me .
Mr. Von Doom, would you like to comment on the recent failure of your lPO?
The Economic Cooperation Organization was granted observer status in the General Assembly at the forty-eighth session, in 1993 (resolution 48/2).
- To propose the general framework for educational policies and plans;
In the Criminal Procedure Act, Slovenia has regulated the possibility of the use of special investigation measures (telephone bugging, bugging the premises, control of letters and other parcels, control of computer systems of financial subjects, fake bribery) in detection and repression of corruption, and introduced the possibility of confiscation of money or property originating from criminal offences of corruption or money-laundering, under special conditions, also in cases when the criminal procedure does not end in the judgement of conviction.
4/107. Development of a shared statement of principles on the management of geospatial information
It attended meetings and provided information on children, family and human rights issues to its various constituencies, including to the United Nations.
If a woman has had a previous abortion, it also raised the chances of a subsequent miscarriage by more than 60 percent, while fertility problems were associated with 41 per cent higherodds.
The Working Group has consistently held the view that whatever the charges faced, civilians should not be tried by military courts, as such courts cannot be considered independent and impartial tribunals for civilians.
1. Migration and human rights policies
These children will almost certainly face the added risks of early parenthood, HIV/AIDS and juvenile crime.
The remittances that migrants send back to their countries of origin amount to close to $200 billion per year, including transfers between industrialized countries.
The survey also included details on challenges and bottlenecks experienced at the country level in the area of harmonization and simplification.
The plastic limit analysis of cylindrical reticulated shells has been studied in this paper.
I. Gryshchenko during conversation highly evaluated SCO role and influence in maintaining security and stability in the region, assisting common prosperity and development of SCO member-states and declared Ukraine’s readiness to develop active cooperation with SCO in combating threat of terrorism, in trade and economic cooperation and other spheres of common interest.
Section 22
Nutrition factor
AT THE Botanical Garden on a hill above St John's, two areas showcase native species: the rock garden and the peat garden.
67. Victims of sexual and gender-based violence in camps for internally displaced persons identified "Somali armed men in khaki uniforms" as the perpetrators.
59. A robust civil society is a prerequisite of participatory forms of government and a foundation for successful democratic development.
"Noting that some of the demand for prostitution and forced labour is met by trafficking in persons in some parts of the world,
11. At the thirty-seventh session, the High-level Panel of Experts on Food Security and Nutrition presented its first reports, requested by the Committee.
In the context of globalization, the cross-cultural communication among the world becomes inevitable. English, as a global language, will become increasingly important in cross-cultural communication.
Q2 Q3 Q4 General Assembly approval to proceed with conceptual design
VIII.24 The Advisory Committee was informed that, while help desk requirements for most systems were outsourced, given the need for IMIS operations to be handled by staff with intimate knowledge of United Nations operating procedures in the financial, human resources and procurement areas, help desk requirements could not effectively be met by outsourcing.
"The people's court may enjoin the applicant to provide security; if the applicant fails to do so, his application shall be rejected.
These draft decisions are submitted in keeping with the Committee's mandate as set out in decision 19/32 of 4 April 1997.
Indonesia is also of the view that youth is a crucial and valuable asset for the development of the nation within the global community.
IAAF World Half Marathon Championships
11. Member/participating/subscribing States resolve:
The Criminal Code did not contain a specific provision on the kidnapping of young women because it fell within the scope of the broader crime of kidnapping.
247. In case No. 1803/2008 (Bulgakov v. Ukraine), the Committee found that the State party's unilateral modification of the author's name and patronymic on official documents amounted to a violation of article 17 of the Covenant.
7. Despite considerable efforts, implementation of action plans agreed on by developing countries remains slower than desired, resulting in only a limited number of programmes contributing to demonstrable socioeconomic transformation.
As noted here the application only passes user information to you and your subsidiaries.
(f) Formulation of administrative responses to various oversight organs such as the Board of Auditors, the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit;
The Secretariat should consider compiling a roster of anti-trafficking training courses and United Nations experts to support States parties in their efforts to train their criminal justice practitioners.
Technical assistance projects were developed for Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Colombia, Kenya, Maldives, Panama, Paraguay and Swaziland.
Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard says his astonishing goal against Barcelona was down to specialist training.
(d) Relevant stakeholders, including the general public, need to be involved in transboundary river basin management;
By the conditions of our agreement we are bound to do as we are doing.
Accessibility was at the core of the Strategy and access to the physical environment, transport and information and communication technologies was a precondition for persons with disabilities to be able to enjoy their rights.
21. Review of the implementation of the Declaration on the Strengthening of International Security (P.95).
Rin Takanashi
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter and rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure.
Letter dated 3 December 2010 from the Chair of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
VI. Recommendations
Alpha-HCH and beta-HCH do not have any critical uses as final end products.
IDF sources stated that the Palestinians had been notified that they could not enter the city because of Jerusalem Day.
The EULEX Witness Security Unit took over from the UNMIK Witness Protection Unit.
 82. On the basis of this clarification, several delegations supported the element.
ASSUME COMPLIANCE; CREATE OCCASIONS FOR DIALOGUE; COLLECTIVE ESTABLISHMENT OF FACTS :
The second chapter expounds the competitive advantages of the new economic era, and also makes a succinct description of the competitive characteristics of the new economic era.
Programme of work
1998/106. The right to food
In addition, there has been a proposal of the GEF South-East Asia Sustainable Urban Transport Project targeting cities in Cambodia, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Viet Nam.
Expenditure for the period as at 28 February 2014 amounted to $279,962,800 gross.
The widder's good to me, and friendly; but I can't stand them ways.
108. During its substantive session of 1990, the Committee considered a conference room paper on the application of new technology to conference servicing.
Recommendation 8
The Committee reaffirms its prior jurisprudence that pre-trial detention should be the exception and that bail should be granted, except in situations where the likelihood exists that the accused would abscond or destroy evidence, influence witnesses or flee from the jurisdiction of the State party.
20. Over the past 12 months, very significant financial pledges, totalling several billion United States dollars, in support of the global effort to roll back diseases of poverty such as malaria, tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS, have been made by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America, Canada, Italy, France and Japan and by governmental organizations such as the European Union and the World Bank.
181. At its 39th meeting, on 19 July, the Council adopted draft resolution I, entitled "Assessment of the progress made in the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the World Summit on the Information Society", recommended by the Commission (see E/2010/31, chap. I, sect. A).
Standard funding model: estimated provisions (net)
The new platform should maintain a catalogue of relevant assessments, identify the need for regional and subregional assessments and help to catalyse support for subregional and national assessments, as appropriate.
I'm not freezing up because I'm giving a presentation in front of hundreds of people.
In addition to knowledge of one or more of the official languages, knowledge of the local language is advantageous in certain countries where the United Nations operates.
Therefore, according to counsel, the moral damages suffered by the petitioner are imputable to the State party.
 The countries of the South exhibit common as well as varying development experiences and know-how, which offer many opportunities at the bilateral, subregional, regional, interregional and international levels for greater cooperation between them.
This article in the theory synopsis foundation to project the financial appraisal has carried on the example analysis.
The past should beasp ring board , not a hammock.
Reaffirming the responsibility of States to respect and ensure the fundamental human rights of refugees and asylum-seekers to life, liberty and security of person as well as to freedom from torture or other cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment,
Our neurons are basically fancy photodiodes, producing electric bursts in response to incoming signals.
I take note of the serious concerns that the Lebanese authorities have expressed in this regard and of their assertion that such actions constitute a violation of the sovereignty of Lebanon and of resolution 1701 (2006).
II. New York Office
55. OHCHR participated in the second meeting between the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights and the European group of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, held in Vienna on 29 June 2009.
The Humanitarian Coordinator for Haiti presented a concrete example of how transition programming, following a natural disaster, is being tackled in the field.
1977-1979 University of Technology, Diploma in Building Inspection
A recorded vote has been requested.
Timeframe Actions and outcome
WARNING: Bearing lubrication is critical.
Her complexion is like parchment very much the worse for wear.
Evidence of toxic interactions
 There were neither references to the essential drugs programme formulated by the Government of Ethiopia and implemented by WHO nor to how UNICEF activities would complement this programme.
Indicators of achievement
One such occasion was during the Latin American and Caribbean regional meeting on the Strategic Approach to Chemicals Management convened from 14 to 16 February 2008 in Panama.
Oskar Munzel
In emergencies, the other Party must receive prior notification before river-going naval or naval-forces combat vessels may enter the said zone temporarily.
Article 14.If surplus staff and workers search for employment in society on their own because their Enterprises have difficulties in placing them, they shall be entitled to unemployment insurance according to law during the period of waiting for employment.
The Council, at its substantive session of 2009, in paragraph 15 of its resolution 2009/34, requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session, through the Council, a report on the implementation of the resolution and to continue to include in the report of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and Personal Representative of the Secretary-General to the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority an update on the living conditions of the Palestinian people, in collaboration with relevant United Nations agencies.
400 B.R. 266 (Bankr. D. Nev. 2009) [CLOUT case no. 927]
Examples of such assistance include the sponsoring of meetings and workshops that bring together relevant parties at the national, regional and international levels and the provision of advisory services to support the preparation of analytical reports, legal research, assistance with audits and financial analysis or to support the preparation and analysis of mutual legal assistance requests or other forms of international cooperation.
If someone picks up on this and points out that we are being negative, we defend ourselves by saying that we are only being realistic.
Consequently, the rules applicable to reservations could not simply be transposed to cover interpretative declarations; they could, however, be looked to for inspiration, given the lack of reference to interpretative declarations in legal texts and the dearth of practice relating to them.
My delegation welcomes the opportunity to discuss the outstanding report of the Secretary-General on how to operationalize and move forward the implementation, within the United Nations, of R2P (A/63/677).
The Council also called upon the parties to work with the United Nations and with each other towards acceptance and implementation of the Peace Plan.
12. Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to it at its sixty-seventh session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.
It will focus on internally displaced children and the reintegration of children attached to militias.
(d) To address reminders to States where such violations have occurred if reports pursuant to paragraph 10 (a) above or follow-up reports pursuant to paragraph 10 (b) above have not been made within a reasonable period of time;
What had been a funny initiation rite suddenly took on an air of danger.
The expansion of courtroom activities has shown that the principle of having only one backup court usher for all three courtrooms is insufficient.
(a) (i) Increased number of specific actions taken by developing countries to cut transport and transaction costs, improve effective transit systems, transport efficiency and connectivity, establish a supportive legal framework and promote efficient trade facilitation measures
The Commission further encourages IMO, in cooperation with FAO and the United Nations Secretariat, to consider the implications in relation to fishing vessels of the work requested in paragraph 35 (a) below.
Discussing the global governance of ICT, experts referred to some barriers to effective participation faced by developing countries.
Hi. no one's home, leave us a message.
The purpose of this paper is to explore, when the spatial positions of sampling points of two variables are different, how to construct their cause-and-effect regression model.
Liver cancer. People with cirrhosis are at higher risk for liver cancer.
Ensure that all details are recorded in the guest's profile for future reference.
The main aim is to narrow income disparities and reduce poverty.
When a commercial bank is declared bankrupt, the people's court will organize the People's Bank of China and other relevant departments to set up a group for setting accounts with the bank.
 When the Agency inspectors asked for the arrangements needed for the measurements of the damaged fuel at the experimental nuclear power plant, our facility operators provided them with the necessary conditions for their measurements even through complicated process manipulation, despite the risk of exposure to a high-level radioactive dose.
I had turned up the earth over a surface of more than twenty feet square, and a depth of two feet.
The Committee agreed that for the period 2012-2013 Yasushi Horikawa (Japan), Filipe Duarte Santos (Portugal) and Piotr Wolanski (Poland) should be elected to the offices of Chair, First Vice-Chair and Second Vice-Chair/Rapporteur of the Committee, respectively; that Félix Clementino Menicocci (Argentina) should be elected to the office of Chair of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee; and that Tare Brisibe (Nigeria) should be elected to the office of Chair of the Legal Subcommittee.
But the work of human redemption is not all that is accomplished by the cross.
However, there was no consensus on the application.
Report of the Secretary-General**
Agreement on Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT). The Product Standards Information Bureau (PSIB) of the Innovation and Technology Commission (ITC) is Hong Kong, China's Enquiry Point and Notification Authority under the Agreement. The PSIB also represents Hong Kong, China in the
Units 1207-1212, 12/F, Tower I, Grand Central Plaza, 138 Rural Committee Road, Sha Tin, N.T.
" he asked.
This is not possible for a number of reasons.
Three possibilities under consideration were mergers and acquisitions; finance for development; and policy coherence.
Area of earth, environmental and marine sciences and technologies
Should provide for the establishment of baselines relevant to the enhancements referred to above.
7. Requests the Agency to act as the recipient and trustee for the special allocations for grants and scholarships and to award them to qualified Palestine refugee candidates;
Accordingly, on 2 April 2014, the Office of the Attorney General issued decision No. 0567, establishing the national subdirectorate for victim and user support, creating internal working groups and defining their roles.
 30. It was so decided.
They made no stranger of the new comer.
Don't know. Let's see.
`You may see some; and he won't always be handsome, and young, and may not always be rich.
The strategy, which is complementary to the processes and work of other institutions, including the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and its Kyoto Protocol, will be as follows:
The Permanent Mission of Mexico would be grateful if the secretariat of the Conference on Disarmament would take the necessary steps to have the present text circulated as a document of the Conference.
62. With Equatorial Guinea continuing to have a very impressive growth rate of 21.7 per cent, and with relatively strong growth in Cameroon and Sao Tome and Principe in 2003, the Central African subregion is expected to have a slight boost in growth rate from 4.0 per cent in 2002 to 4.3 per cent in 2003.
There are difficulties in the protection of patents, licences etc.;
John Whittingdale
The Germans quickly stopped turned toward us and began taking the submachine guns off their shoulders.
It appears that the world only responds to headlines, but every day poor countries suffer from misfortunes and constraints that do not produce headlines for the tragic reason that the international community seems indifferent in some cases or has quite simply resigned itself to them.
Ricky Karanda Suwardi
In practice, those who design reparation programmes are not responsible for policies dealing with, for example, truth-telling or institutional reform.
The presentation focused on the Division's achievements through implementation of "results-based management plus", i.e. management focused not only on results but also on the impact (medium- and long-term outcomes) of the activities conducted.
The gap has not been filled by private investment.
Many important treaties -- such as the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court and, perhaps most important in this context, the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons -- have been adopted by a vote.
If encouraging voters to think again about the biggest political decision of their lifetimes continues to be treated as an affront to democracy, the UK will lose its only safeguard against permanent self-harm.
The U. S. and China are now most certainly competing in what will no doubt be a long contest.
The boy sucked the orange dry.
Ensuring every country affected by HIV has one national strategy, one national AIDS commission, and one way to monitor and report progress.
With the global economy still struggling to recover, Wen’s announcement of such a significant dip in China’s growth rate naturally sparked widespread concern around the world.
Since it had joined the United Nations in 1993, Andorra had been actively involved in the cause of disarmament and had provided whatever assistance it could in that area.
2. There are substantial differences that should be identified and studied extensively.
Until 1995, the total interest income from investments was apportioned between general-purpose and special-purpose funds in accordance with the ratio of their respective average fund balance.
The United Nations worked closely with LAS on the launch and implementation of the International Compact with Iraq.
 The world continues to face some of the worst forms of conflict and new threats to international peace and security.
(c) Cost-recovery rates can disproportionately affect smaller countries and countries with higher gross national income per capita and low levels of regular resources as they are often offered small contributions at high cost-recovery rates which they are unable to secure and lose to other partners.
It may not get headlines like brawls do, but this is much more dangerous to the health of the league.
Furthermore, in the light of the numerous allegations she received concerning violence against women defenders of human rights, she looked forward to collaboration with the Special Rapporteur appointed by the Council in its resolution 15/21 on the rights of peaceful assembly and of association and with the five independent experts of the working group created by that resolution to facilitate the exchange of best practices regarding the elimination of laws that discriminated against women.
At such time, the Tribunal would renegotiate different contracts which might involve reduced costs and better terms and conditions.
The system also collects enrollment, subscription and provisioning events, and can use this information to determine subscription fees.
If they do run Windows, Mac owners are well advised to purchase and install Windows security software to protect the Windows portion of the machine.
These options include selective capital increases, the allocation of 50 per cent of the Bank's capital to developing and transition countries, increases in basic votes, and special and double majorities.
The wealth created by globalization had unfortunately not benefited the LDCs.
3. The audit was based on the following broad audit objectives, mentioned by the Board in its progress report on the capital master plan (see A/58/321, para. 2):
China–Brazil Earth Resources Satellite program
Furthermore, far more immigrants and descendants with a non-western background in the age group 20 - 24 are undertaking an education.
(b) Visit to Guinea-Bissau.
She neared the 22)crest of a hillock and was soon out of sight
With regard to draft conclusion 7, paragraph 4, which stated that the acts or inaction of an international organization might also serve as practice, it was not clear whether all such acts or inaction should be given the same weight.
This novel would dramatize well.
at the time request is received, the judicial organ of the People's Republic of China has rendered an effective judgement or terminated the criminal proceedings in respect of the offence indicated in the request for extradition;
It also proposes the specific use of unutilized balances for one-time investments in:
To the present day, all weapons are still an extension of the spear and the shield.
31. The representative of Norway stressed the importance of the analytical role played by UNCTAD, as demonstrated by the very useful discussions that had taken place under this agenda item.
The European Union remains firmly committed to the clear objective of two States -- Israel and a viable and democratic Palestinian State -- living side by side in peace and security within the framework of a comprehensive peace in the Middle East, as laid out in the road map presented by the Quartet to the parties on 30 April 2003.
To know what is deviant you have, of course, to know what is normal.
In this regard, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to mobilize international technical and financial assistance in order to ensure that the Trust Fund had sufficient and adequate resources, since Lebanon was still engaged in the treatment of wastes and the monitoring of recovery.
An applicant may therefore be returned to a country where he is at risk of torture before the National Court on the Right of Asylum can hear his request for protection.
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, in paragraph 8 of its report dated 28 May 1997 (A/51/910), recommended that the General Assembly appropriate $172 million gross for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
In response, a "self-reliance and rehabilitation home" had been established to provide a residential six-month job skills training programme for women engaged in prostitution.
48. Ms. Majodina said that the recently passed Immigration Act did not give much attention to the detention of asylum-seekers.
2.11 On 8 February 1996, the author submitted an application to the European Court of Human Rights, claiming violations of his and his son's rights under articles 6, 8 and 14 of the European Convention on the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (European Convention).
In Bacteria Art a scientist would grow the different kinds of bacteria a Petri dish.
I looked at him and he started looking somewhere else.
(d) Assessing the effectiveness of internal controls;
resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
They will create a unique visual image for the torch relay of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, spread Chinese culture and the torch relay theme, and build an excellent environment for the torch relay.The elements will create a celebrative atmosphere thoughout the cities which the relay will pass, promote the sanctity of the Olympic flame, encourage Torchbearers and Escorts Runners, enhance people's experience of the torch relay, and to provide a visual setting for the recording and broadcasting or the torch relay to the world.
Social assistance
Rule 176
This evening there was a broadcast of an exciting football match on TV.
International Agency for Research on Cancer
Still another wrong idea about mixing foods is that proteins and carbohydrates should never be eaten at the same meal
(s) Cooperation between the United Nations and the Southern African Development Community (resolution 57/44 of 21 November 2002).
Some studies indicated that forests contributed as much as 25 per cent to rural household incomes, but most of that was not documented. Lastly, decision makers saw forests as a problem to be solved and not as a solution.
It was recognized at the Meeting that the formal establishment of the Federation was an important step forward in the implementation of the Trade Point Programme Strategy.
In addition, the United Nations News Service created a special page on the United Nations News Centre web site, "Fighting Terrorism".
KPC deducts actual and projected revenue of US$ 1,491 million in refining margin that it claims it earned from 1 December 1992 through 31 December 1993 and that it projects it would have earned from 1 January 1994 through 30 June 1994.
At all other levels,8 the recruitment of more men than women continued.
Among the developed countries, the percentage with policies to lower immigration is 39 per cent, as opposed to 34 per cent for the developing countries.
An overview of the work done by the Secretariat to develop a digest of successful cases involving the investigation or prosecution of transnational organized crime is contained in document CTOC/COP/2012/11.
Hong Kong is an important centre for international finance and trade, with the greatest concentration of corporate headquarters in the Asia-Pacific region.
It was stressed that it was important to inform not only the bureaux but also the membership as a whole of committees so that they would fully understand the importance of efficient utilization.
- Usage of encrypted and secured equipment to transfer information and documents in a secured manner to ensure its confidentiality when it is exchanged
Many developed countries are failing to meet key commitments, particularly in areas such as trade.
 This amounts to 55 per cent of the 2,722,000 persons on the electoral rolls.
As a matter of fact, it could be a constructive thing.
104. The distribution of Secretariat visitors by type of office is not precisely proportionate to the distribution of the Secretariat population.
The unbonded high-strength strand used in the concrete columns can minimize the residual deformations effectively.
Performance cycle
Annex
Goodness and philosophy are two distinct things; the proof of this is that, after making all due allowances for these little irregular households, Favourite, Zephine, and Dahlia were philosophical young women, while Fantine was a good girl.
Taiwan's professional participation in the WHA over the past three years has helped to strengthen the international health and medical network.
:: The operational fleet of three fixed-wing and eight rotary-wing aircraft (four civilian and four military) is based on the UNOCI fleet at start-up as a indicative mission.
The Secretary-General of the South Pacific Forum Secretariat is the depositary of the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone Treaty (Treaty of Rarotonga).
We have been all alive with acting.
Flow of data among international organizations
By the end of 1994, the total number of workers and staff participating in the unemployment insurance program had reached 95 million throughout the country.
"Recalling also Economic and Social Council resolution 1995/50, in which the Council decided to place the subject on the agenda of its 1996 substantive session,
It thus responds to actual problems, not to theories and rules (which these problems may have rendered obsolete).
The one-China principle is the basis and prerequisite for achieving peaceful reunification.
Dr. Nicole Biros, WHO
Some are taking bold steps reinvent themselves, with help from the Internet.
Elizabeth Mataka
-- Impact and sustainability of the project
The second, I teach the strong communication ability and teams to help to make the spirit.
B: I was in America for 2 months. I just got back yesterday
He then will be pacified. But if you both get angry, even God cannot do anything good!
Date of communication: 17 June 2002 (initial submission)
Whether for channels, shows or conservative presenters, subscriptions will become ever more important to television.
139. The "Union of Nationalities of the Republic of Armenia" non-governmental organization also plays a rather active role in the sphere of protection of the rights of national minorities in Armenia; it co-ordinates the activities of non-governmental organizations of the national minorities residing in Armenia, upon their consent, in order to strengthen the cooperation and mutual understanding among all nations.
The paper presents all the development substance of oxyhydrogen flame welding and cutting machine.
The Board commends in particular six organizations (the United Nations, the United Nations University (UNU), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund) which have substantially improved their implementation rate compared with the biennium 1996-1997.
I'm surprised you wanna leave.
 1. The present report summarizes the results of the twenty-ninth inspection carried out in Iraq by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) under Security Council resolution 687 (1991), with the assistance and cooperation of the United Nations Special Commission (UNSCOM).
UNCTAD should not lose sight of the perspective that had given rise to its founding resolution: the need to promote coherence between international rules and national development strategies to reinforce the relationship between trade and development.
(ii) Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization:
To be held on Wednesday, 16 February 2005, at 12.15 p.m.
Special, 1997
I think that's somehow appropriate and quite moving.
24 July 2003
Tell Simone I won't approve that girl she sent me for the brazilian layout.
Albania
Likewise, so-called "street children" have often been killed by vigilantes wanting to "cleanse" society of undesirables.
Foundation training includes topics such as advanced composite structures and integrated avionics systems.
Occasionally, please apply for refund pre - paid failure.
In this connection, the Committee also notes the recommendation made by the United Nations Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to establish an independent body dealing solely with the issue of racial discrimination following his visit to the Russian Federation in 2007 (A/HRC/4/19/Add.3, para. 83) (arts. 2 and 6).
Kyoto Seika University
The psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan furthered this research, demonstrating a fundamental difference in the mode of pulsional satisfaction -- referred to as "jouissance" -- between individuals who identify with men and those who identify with women.
All of those actions are a violation of the principles of the Charter of the United Nations.
The mandate was to be reviewed at the request of Iraq on no later than 15 June 2008, and the Council might terminate it earlier if requested by the Government of Iraq.
19Charming: delightful; pleasing
High rates of evaporation deposit thick layers of salt minerals, such as common table salt and gypsum (a chalky mineral that is a major component of wallboard).
Although the attempt to resolve individual cases is praiseworthy, the Subcommittee recalls that the national preventive mechanism's mandate differs from those of other bodies that work to combat torture, such as the Office of the National Commissioner for Human Rights, in that it focuses on prevention, on identifying causal factors and on detecting cases in which a systemic risk of torture exists.
Cost control (as distinguished from cost determination); control over waste, scrap, spoilage and defective items
Enabling the weaponisation of a biological agent or toxin;
With respect to the interpretation of the "arising prior to" clause in paragraph 16 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), the Panel of Commissioners that reviewed the first instalment of "E2" claims concluded that the "arising prior to" clause was intended to exclude the foreign debt of Iraq which existed at the time of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait from the jurisdiction of the Commission.
This brings us an important step nearer to being able to prevent the birth of children with a particular type of inherited disease.
The ELLIS computerized test system will assess your current English level and accordingly prepare a detailed solution.
3. United Nations police
Opening statements
Seventeenth session
Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Cape Verde, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Ghana, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Jamaica, Jordan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Liberia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Mauritius, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Nepal, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Oman, Pakistan, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, Saint Lucia, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Tunisia, Turkmenistan, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia.
Any change that results in forming a new substance is a chemical change.
A wide variety of media is used.
In the field of aviation security alone, for instance, more than 260,000 employees underwent security clearance checks in the wake of the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 incorporating the findings of the security authorities.
The next frontier in the fitness business, Johnny G realized, was the upper body.
To put it quite simply, outer space issues are not ripe for negotiations in the Conference on Disarmament.
The SBSTA took note of the information on national greenhouse gas inventories reported by Annex I Parties, contained in document FCCC/SB/2002/INF.2;
We shall work out unified plans and correctly handle the relations between eastern and western regions, between well-developed and less-developed regions, between prospecting and exploitation, between state-owned mining enterprises and non-state-owned mining enterprises, and between scale exploitation and excavation by small mines.
It further urges the State party to present to the future parliament the reform of the Family Code as a high priority.
Soil microorganisms
These teams make specialized medical, psychiatrist and forensic assessments and intervene in cases of neglected or abused children and their families, and also include treatment of sexually abused children.
Skolkovo in Moscow is Russia's leading business school and has the backing of Vladimir Putin and a handful of the country's oligarchs.
At this point, we can be certain that the Fourth Industrial Revolution will have a disruptive impact on employment, but no one can yet predict the scale of change.
Many have appeared in the Magistrate's Court and have been charged with trespassing.
Seven water points have been installed.
12.15-13.00 The Convention's success and its challenges
It had before it the following documents:
All crimes are bailable and there is a presumption in favour of bail, except for stipulated serious crimes, where the accused has previous convictions for similar crimes.
As such, legitimate types of information which may be restricted include child pornography (to protect the rights of children), hate speech (to protect the rights of affected communities), defamation (to protect the rights and reputation of others against unwarranted attacks), direct and public incitement to commit genocide (to protect the rights of others), and advocacy of national, racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence (to protect the rights of others, such as the right to life).
The list does not refer to that on export taxes.
 (f) One programme management officer post (P-3) in the Division for Asia and the Pacific relating to projects in Cambodia as well as Viet Nam and Laos.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $3,324,500
As a result of those efforts, the United Nations country teams in various countries have stronger capacity to further integrate human rights issues into their work.
Mr. Mohammed Shaheduzzaman, Bangladesh
The Secretariat is seeking funding for the translation of the manual into the other three official languages of the United Nations.
Review of results-based management at the United Nations: "Results-based management at the United Nations has been an administrative chore of little value to accountability and decision-making" (A/63/268)
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
(c) To note that the Committee had taken note of the quadrennial reports of the following fifty-three non-governmental organizations:
195. The establishment of this RFMO would address a governance gap for a wide area of high seas from the eastern edge of the south Indian Ocean, across the Tasman Sea and Pacific Ocean to the high-seas areas adjacent to the EEZ of South American States, where fisheries for certain straddling fish stocks and discrete high-seas fish stocks, including orange roughy, squid and mackerel, are subject to little or no control at all.
The proposals seek to provide financing, while deterring "bads" and encouraging "goods" in the evolving globalization process.
There was still a need, therefore, to increase official development assistance (ODA), better coordinate aid, reduce agricultural subsidies in developed countries and boost investment in infrastructure.
The present section will confront this question by examining several related doctrines: rebus sic stantibus; State responsibility; necessity and proportionality; neutrality; impossibility; and the Martens Clause.
Should this idea meet with the approval of all the members of the Security Council, the United Nations would take over the role that up to now has been that of the Forces Licorne, and MICECI would be part of the new MINUCI, transformed into a peacekeeping operation and alone capable of meeting everyone's expectations.
We have expanded our knowledge and share our expertise with our colleagues in the Global South.
Neptune Beach is a city in Duval County, Florida, United States.
However, only the Costa Rican Sports Institute, the Institute for Municipal Promotion and Support and National Child Welfare Agency responded.
It was a time when strategic choices have to be made and finite resources have to be focused on serving existing clients as well as supporting highly ambitious growth plans
Organization of 7 training workshops for national civil society organizations on selected economic, social and cultural rights and 1 workshop on the training of trainers for representatives of 20 NGOs on the monitoring of political rights during the November 2010 elections
In other words, 2.7% of total population received financial assistance in 2002.
185. At the present session, the Commission will have before it the annual report of the independent expert (E/CN.4/2006/74).
ii) Museum Weekly Pass / Museum Pass
At last the time arrived for the performance to begin.
the Pledging Conferences to the Secretary of the Conference, Ms. Radhika Padayachi (e-mail padayachi39@un.org; room IN-621 or NL-1033; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
(f) Convention on Biological Diversity
35.5 An important premise underlying the Vienna Declaration is that every human being should be enabled effectively to enjoy his or her human rights wherever they live and without discrimination.
Ferengi
A number of issues common to both draft recommendations were discussed.
ICCPR-OP 2 Second Optional Protocol to ICCPR, aiming at the abolition of the death penalty
5. The Lebanese Government adopted a decision in December 2008 that, among other things, extended the model of the Common Border Force used for the northern border to the eastern border, and created a ministerial steering committee on the borders.
umbilical cord 4. to start from square one: (something did not succeed in the first place, have to start over again to be back to square one ); He has to start from square one because his computer destroyed (crashed) his homework.
Remington SR-8
There is continued pressure on the government budget relating to the cost of medical services, including offshore medical treatment for islanders.
Under a cherry  tree  I a robin's egg, broken, but not shattered.
'' take delight in 5. You mistake me, my dear
The call for the dialogue among civilizations to focus on changing the mentality that perceives diversity as a threat is particularly important, as is the development of a new paradigm of international relations based on such a change in mentality.
This has been a test of your emergency response systems,
Experimental data in zero - field of the metal chloride acceptor GICs of the last decade was reviewed.
The Committee took note of the information provided and agreed to consider it further when discussing the draft risk management evaluation on octabromodiphenyl ether.
Question of Palestine and the UN
200. The economic rights of women, on an equal basis as those of men, are enshrined in the Constitution that governs the Dominican State and the international agreements, conventions and treaties adopted.
The Alliance forum aims to develop joint initiatives and promote projects aimed at improving relations among diverse cultures and communities.
The Kuai Kuai culture
b Including post adjustment.
Then he told her everything that had happened, and begged her not to go there, come what may.
Preparation for the substantive preparatory process and the high-level international event [2]
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 5th meeting Trusteeship Council Chamber
During the many debates on the topic, a great majority of delegations have expressed clear support for an expansion of the Security Council in its two categories of membership -- permanent and nonpermanent.
demanding I get her off or she'd blow the whistle on us.
Prime Minister Meles has repeatedly informed the Ethiopian people and the international community that his "five-point peace proposal" is an alternative to the 13 April 2002 Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission Award, not an agreement to honour it as written.
Agenda item 53: Sustainable development (continued)
4. Commends the Outgoing Chairman of the OAU for his endeavours in approaching the President of the United Nations Security Council as well as the United Nations Secretary-General regarding the immediate and definitive lifting of the sanctions imposed on the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya;
Child pornography on the Internet was a grave problem which could be effectively addressed only through strong international cooperation.
The task group had concluded that the notification had met the information requirements in Annex I to the Convention.
The Preliminary Agreement commits the parties to hold an inclusive dialogue after the election.
In addition, the documents counter in the media area will provide all Conference documents, as well as press releases on its plenary meetings, round tables and other events.
Travel
As part of the broader collaboration with the Special Unit for South-South Cooperation, BDP advisers are elaborating the elements of the UNDP approach to South-South cooperation planning its early implementation throughout the organization.
Hon. LLD, University of Wollongong.
Women remain significantly underrepresented in decision-making at all levels, in the household, local governments, the management of environmental resources, national planning and development structures, national parliaments and global governance.
40. With regard to its standing invitation to special procedures mandate holders of the Human Rights Council, it should be emphasized that Mauritania had responded positively to all mission requests made by mandate holders and remained open to all similar requests.
(b) Development of four pilot projects in four selected countries aimed at promoting SCP patterns;
3. Mr. Caspar Fithen (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
The family was allotted two units on a spot where just four days earlier construction workers were spraying down new concrete.
The main rural women's projects implemented with small-scale loans have been mechanized rice planting, fish farming and the planting of 1,243 acres of vegetables and 400 acres of tubers.
 The Commission was congratulated for bringing coherence and clarity to its handling of the topic and the measure of agreement revealed by the debate was viewed as an encouraging sign.
While no formal disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme for Darfur has been established to date, the Panel recommended that UNAMID create an internal register of weapons, to be made accessible to the Panel and to UNAMID staff monitoring the arms embargo, in order to effectively address loss or diversion.
The PWT data on average real (inflation-adjusted) per capita GDP show that the world in 1980 was 80% better off than it was in 1950, and another 80% better off in 2010 than it was in 1980. In other words, our average material wellbeing is three times what it was in 1950.
(b) Ensure implementation of existing laws and enhance monitoring mechanisms, such as labour inspections, with regard to payment of wages, medical care, housing and other living and working conditions of foreign workers;
Sublime Porte
55. The transformation is being achieved while ensuring adherence to paragraph 87 of resolution 65/289, in which the Assembly reaffirmed paragraph 16 of section VI of resolution 64/269, in which it stressed that functions primarily involving interactions with Member States, particularly troop-contributing countries, would continue to be located at Headquarters.
The Commission will have before it a note by the secretariat containing the comments received (E/CN.4/2001/69).
s go out and have a look at it .? I want you to look at this material .
92. Some speakers pointed out several sources of trafficked firearms, such as firearms remaining after conflicts, stolen firearms and illicitly manufactured firearms, and underscored the need to further identify sources of trafficked firearms in order to address the phenomenon.
It was noted that it had been helpful in many contexts to consider citizens as allies in anti-corruption efforts.
In the words of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, the pendulum is swinging back in our favour.
Italian excerpts published in Giustizia civile, Massimario, 2000, p. 501; Giustizia civile 2000, I, p. 3203 (commented by Simone); Diritto e Giustizia, 2000, 11, p. 32; Foro Italiano 2000, I, p. 2226; Rivista di diritto internazionale privato e processuale, 2000, p. 773.
Now, suddenly, everyone has discovered that the US economy is doing well – so well that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has switched from blaming Obama for a bad economy to demanding credit for a good one.
This Court also has the competence of deciding in the third and last instance upon appeals against rulings of Courts of Appeals.
Two retreats of senior officials were held in order to prepare a vision of the work of the Office and set out strategic aims which would enable the programme to achieve the objectives set for it in the medium-term plan.
In the first semester of 2012, DIVERSIA conducted a cycle of capacitation aimed at public administration professionals that contained material on the prevention of any form of discrimination in the workspace and the value of cultural diversity.
From a practical point of view, however, the variation in the monthly cash component is small;
Scuba divers swimming at night will often find that just waving their arms around creates a dazzling green glow.
At present, according to our research, there are only 23 such establishments in Russia, financed, mainly, from local budgets.
 The policy of the Government is to ensure that radioactive waste is managed safely and that the present generation meets its responsibilities to future generations. Policy details are kept under review; to this end, the Government receives advice from an independent committee of experts, the Radioactive Management Advisory Committee.
This report complements the Executive Director's annual report to the Economic and Social Council (E/ICEF/2005/3), which contains, inter alia, more details of UNICEF activities in support of the Secretary-General's reform programme and the follow-up to international conferences.
In its decision 98/23, the Executive Board designated its the second regular session of each year, starting in 1999, as the time to review the status of regular funding commitments to UNDP and its associated funds and programmes.
PAD includes a performance output for representatives on management of the NEX audit
At the same time he seemed gradually to be exerting a pressure on me which threatened to overpower the small self hidden under my fur-lined gown.
The American Federation of Labor is a federal organization of labor unions.
Chamberlain, South Dakota
What constitutes our constantly changing natural language is not up to any individual, it is a matter of where the collective of language speakers takes it.
He said it was up to the government to generate revenue from its natural resources and to use this to upgrade infrastructure.
The special safeguard mechanism remained under negotiation, although developing countries proposed that its use be discontinued for developed countries.
Israel
A good tale is none the worse for being told twice.
- Promotion of local equality commissioners (Saxony)
It was thus necessary for the Observatory to acquire its own computer system to process the vast amount of meteorological data for operational and climatological use.
They were frequently excluded from official development assistance, to the detriment of their national development programmes and the achievement of the MDGs.
The domestic legislation also provides for interim seizure of assets, carried out by the General Security Directorate through the court process.
My mother always keeps our house spick and span.
45. According to a press release issued by the Office of the Congressman, on 1 June 2009, the United States Department of Energy committed $28.8 million to American Samoa to help to build a clean energy economy through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Recovery Act), benefiting the following areas: weatherization, State Energy Program and Energy Efficiency Community Block Grants.
The organization's work on early childhood care and development activities has generated impressive multiplier effects in several areas.
On 6 May 2008, between 1410 hours and 1424 hours, 15 cows belonging to the Israeli enemy crossed the withdrawal line to Birkat Ba`tha'il on the Lebanese side (opposite Kafr Shuba).
Item 15 of the provisional agenda
With television a chile does not a play, a concert or a game at home. Television brings mane places and events into our homes.
They have also worked to attract knowledge-based industries and encourage entrepreneurship – increasing incomes and output per head.
No answer from the State party was received.
The intention of the offender to finance a terrorist act is an essential element of the crime and should therefore be referred to explicitly in the text.
The Function - beauty is a mainly sign which is the design - beauty be distinguish from other Arts.
Tanzania is the laggard in a poor field.
The Supreme People's Procuratorate directs the work of the people's procuratorates at various local levels and of the special people's procuratorates.
He claimed that such conditions and treatment had a negative effect on his health, and led to a brain stroke while in the penal colony because the administration refused to provide him with the required medications; furthermore, he claims the administration did not provide treatment for one week after the stroke.
She is a lovely bit of booty, that Freyda.
In addition, UNESCO works with UNHCR in providing educational services to Somali refugee populations throughout the region.
7. Requests that UNDP prioritize its contributions to capacity development and policy advice, based on the principles of national ownership and sustainability;
Don't trouble yourseIf,we'll have champagne.
The Chairperson ended the session by thanking the Member States for their support for the Fund and their continued interest in the work of OHCHR.
Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Germany, Grenada, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lebanon, Mauritania, Montenegro, Mozambique, Norway, Sierra Leone
Office of Internal Oversight Services
A pilot session was presented in New York in June 2013, and a group of UNOPS legal, audit, investigations and ethics personnel provided comments and input.
11. The mission underlined in this connection the importance of respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries in the region.
Like the United States and Europe, he said, China and India might find it more advantageous to negotiate bilateral agreements in which they can apply more pressure on a single trading partner.
Those who had committed the violations highlighted by the Board of Auditors, as well as those who had turned a blind eye to them, must be held accountable for their actions.
It must have been good for feeding your love of wanting to show your breasts more though because you had all these amazingcostumes?
The challenges faced by the analysing group in 2008 in using a process for the first time were compounded by late requests, by - in one instance - a non-request in that no time had been requested, and, by requests that lacked clarity and contained data discrepancies.
""While video games can be fun and entertaining, some kids are getting into trouble.
3. "Rules of the Road"
Since then the principle of trust has been incorporated in other concepts in a number of conventions and agreements.
I' ll just print one out for you.
If the answer is yes:
"Material support or resources" is defined broadly to include "training," "expert advice or assistance," and "other physical assets," as well as financial support.
Shingo Araki
17. A strategic approach was currently being formulated in order to resolve the governance issues set out in the Framework. Key priorities should be addressed first.
Access your email, applications and files from anywhere.
The international community should encourage and support efforts made by the developing countries in this regard and "promote the interface between national institutional systems" through "global interaction".
In Georgia, OHCHR and OSCE continue to operate jointly the Human Rights Office in Abkhazia, which is part of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia.
The monitoring of product temperature is particularly important for those cycles for which there are atypical operating procedures, such as power failures or equipment breakdown.
The need to ensure participation by States in full compliance with their safeguards obligations was also stressed.
Since its establishment in 1980, the Working Group has transmitted more than 49,000 cases to Governments; in many of the 69 countries concerned, new cases have been reported.
In autumn 2010, the telescope, camera and baffle sub-assemblies were fabricated and checked as they were brought together with their associated read-out electronics modules to form the instrument payload.
It made recommendations.
a Three P-4, 4 P-3, 1 P-2 and 14 General Service (2 Principal level and 12 Other level) posts financed from reimbursement for support to extrabudgetary administrative structures.
The company expanded westward from Hawaii into the Far East and Pacific Rim, then the Middle East, Africa and Europe.
45. The talent management project has made progress in addressing several aspects of the management of the Secretariat's human resources. These included the establishment of requirements for and the purchase of the new e-staffing talent management support tool as well as the development of a framework that integrates workforce planning, staffing, performance management and staff development.
On 18 November, supporters of President Gbagbo, united under the umbrella group, the National Resistance Council for Democracy (CNRD) issued a statement presenting their views on the resolution of the crisis.
(a) The effects of foreign debt and the policies adopted to address them on the full enjoyment of all human rights, in particular, economic, social and cultural rights in developing countries;
All countries maintaining diplomatic relations with China should abide by the principles of mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity and non-interference in each other's internal affairs, and refrain from providing arms to Taiwan in any form or under any pretext.
This means that in Mozambique the citizens are free to use either formal justice bodies (courts) or informal (traditional justice) provided that the latter does not violate the rule of law founded on legality.
SPECIAL PROCEDURES Conclusions and recommendations of the independent expert appointed by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Haiti (A/HRC/4/3, paras. 88-95).
The matter was not taken up during the Committee's deliberations or reflected in the draft resolution to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session.
But these reforms went in precisely the opposite direction from today's proposed changes: fewer limits on policy makers' discretion, more power to the Board, and a larger role for the New York Fed, all to enable the Federal Reserve System to react more quickly and robustly in a crisis.
Database Administrator
6. Decides to review the staffing of the Platform at the next session of the Plenary to support the efficient and effective implementation of the work programme.
-- Women enjoy equal rights with men with respect to culture and education.
Hongkong Post e-Cert CA
With the effect of external condition and education status, students majoring in Social Work are lack of identification to their specialty.
There was one suspension and one resumption of the meeting.
55. Total preschool enrolment in 2004 was 72,668, of whom 456 children were in special education.
Maskanah Plains offensive
But this is still a step forward instead of going backward.
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
They have come to grief and no mistake.
All objects need to be on the same layer.
Article 51 Whoever engages in gambling activities through competitive sports shall be ordered to stop the illegal practice by the public security organ in conjunction with the administrative department for physical culture and sports and shall be punished by the public security organ in accordance with the provisions of the Regulations on Administrative Penalties for Public Security.
24. This Commission was established by Council of Ministers Decision No. 207 of 8/8/1426 AH, corresponding to 12/9/2005.
Therefore are feasts so solemn and so rare, Since, seldom coming, in the long year set, Like stones of worth they thinly placed are, Or captain jewels in the carcanet.
The experimental results of the tester maximum displacement range, resolution maximum load could meet the requirements.
57. The final presentation was delivered by Mr. Manyewu Mutamba, a representative of the Southern African Confederation of Agricultural Unions.
Although in some cases there may have been no feasible alternatives because of the severity of the damages, the demolitions were mainly justified as essential to the city's recovery and necessary for health and safety reasons.
However, not all of these multi-year work programmes are synchronous, nor was the formulation of these multi-year work programmes carried out in a consultative or coordinated manner in all cases.
But the influence of the different economic benefits that runs hencoop company is having difference.
If you have no objection, I would like to ask your daughter to marry me.
When your mind strays from your desk to the vending machine, it could be hunger or it could be boredom or irritation with your boss.
Pictures shown on television at the time showed Sakamoto in the "junihitoe" 12-layered kimono worn by women of the imperial household on formal occasions.
Germany
I run down the word in my dictionary eventually.
Main issues were the regular budgets for 1999 and 2001; contributions scale (2000); peacekeeping financing, including the renegotiation of formula for determining troop-contributor costs; peacekeeping reform (the Brahimi proposals, 2000); United Nations institutional reform (the Frechette proposals, 2002); the modernization of United Nations human resource management; the international tribunals and the Special Court for Sierra Leone.
86. Current global crises are seen by many as having a negative impact on a number of sustainable development issues, from the widening of global socio-economic divisions, climate change and resource competition to the maintenance of security.
(f) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees;
The U.S. House of Representatives failed Wednesday to override a presidential veto on a funding bill that contained a timeline for withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Latvia[*] Liechtenstein
As has already been pointed out in the introduction, respondents are requested to describe the nature of problems of interpretation that may arise when filling in the matrix.
4. The Ministers agreed that the international non-proliferation regime must remain strong and effective, despite the recent nuclear tests in South Asia.
Police is still unable to find any trace of the killer until now.
Concorde travels faster than sound.
23 December 2005
A man arrives in heaven and is being shown around by St. Peter. (NETEM 2002, Text 1, Paragraph 2)
Where is the snack bar?
This will provide sufficient time for the new UNDAF/CPD preparations that consider the changed national priorities after the political transition.
Thermistors and thermistor protection relays shall be fitted to all motor starters above 75 kW.
Through its concluding observations, the Committee has consistently asked State parties to prohibit hate speech and other acts motivated by racism or xenophobia.
12. Urges all States to continue working, in cooperation with the United Nations system, on the implementation of the conclusions and recommendations of the Decade and to take the necessary measures to support the goals of the Second Decade;
Secretary-General report on Towards a durable solution to the debt problems of developing countries (2010).
Statistics on the participation of men and women and members of ethnic minority groups in the various vocational training programmes and on any measures taken to improve the training and skills of women, including rural women, and ethnic minorities;
They further agreed that the United Nations System Staff College could play an important role in that regard and that it should be strengthened.
The re-engineering of processes within the service lines is planned to take place between the first and the third quarters of 2014.
This article explores different ways to put some more time in your life.
It must unite and not divide, benefit and not deprive.
(b) Raise awareness among members of Parliament, government officials, employers and the general public about the necessity of temporary special measures.
Agenda item 147
The powers of the House of Assembly
" "Many years ago this minister happened to see a fisherman preparing to cook and eat a turtle he had caught.
Miss TAM Wai-chu, Maria, G.B.S., J.P. (28.2.08)
Nova remnant
(c) Encouraged the UNIDO Secretariat to continue its dialogue with the Joint Inspection Unit with a view to developing a system of followup to Joint Inspection Unit recommendations in full consultation with all Member States and in due time, and to report thereon to the Industrial Development Board at its twentythird session.
The Convention closed for signature on 16 January 2008, with 18 signatories.
when the supply voltage is supplied to it, an equivalent PN diode structure in it acts, thus able to avoid the dead lock phenomenon.
(ii) Increased number of countries that adopt policies and measures to implement the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development
Wallraf–Richartz Museum
The owner of the restaurant started The First Noel, and we all joined in, half of us crying
By simulation analysis in virtual platform, students may more directly understand characteristic and analysis method of parallel mechanism.
:: Knowledge of the customer and of the market;
(i) On 23 December 1997, a round from a KPA 14.5-millimetre heavy machine-gun hit a UNC guard post tower in the demilitarized zone.
William Chalmers Burns
Over the 2004 - 2008 period there was an increased focus on V&A assessment and the implementation of adaptation activities.
Status and application of the five United Nations treaties on outer space
6. Article 75 applies if the contract is avoided and if the aggrieved party concludes a substitute transaction in a reasonable manner and within a reasonable time after avoidance.
2nd millennium in Russia
We are ready to join efforts with the rest of the international community in creating an even better future for our children.
25. The SBSTA invited Parties and relevant organizations to submit to the secretariat, by 19 September 2011, their proposals for upcoming activities under the Nairobi work programme, taking into consideration the information included in annex I to this document.
For process of metallurgy goods , the hollow cathode plasma sintering process is studied.
It may be noted that, on the basis of instructions from the Central Bank of Kuwait on combating money-laundering and the financing of terrorism, all local banks have established autonomous units, placed under the presidents of their respective boards of governors, to ascertain the degree of compliance with laws, ministerial decisions and directives of the Central Bank of Kuwait on combating money-laundering and the financing of terrorism as well as the policies, controls and measures established by the bank in question on this matter.
3 - 4 years
An Empirical Analysis of the Objectives and Influence Factors of Enterprises in China's Transition & Based on Neoclassical Investment Model
Therefore I think things will cool off.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research (resolutions 1934 (XVIII) of 11 December 1963 and 57/268 of 20 December 2002);
The Ministers confirmed their support for the continued implementation of the Peace Agreement and for the establishment of a democratic and pluralistic State of Bosnia and Herzegovina, composed of two entities.
The Board made recommendations to improve programme management, strengthen the control and monitoring of expendable property and improve the functioning of the Office of Internal Audit.
And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering: so they went both of them together.
Mk. 15:18 And they began to salute Him: Rejoice, King of the Jews!
39. An important new contribution to international road safety was made during the time period covered by the present report, in the form of a grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies for the development of the Global Status Report on Road Safety and for country projects in Mexico and Viet Nam.
We were all disappointed at not being able to see the film.
He was appointed United Nation High Commissioner for refugees.
Table IS3.22 Estimates of gross and net revenue
Thirty-seventh session
Bateman was  silent  for a moment , and his handsome, sensitive face darkened.
Although the primary responsibility lies with country offices, Supply Division has increased its support to country and regional offices in both analysis of risks and in terms of technical support to improve in-country systems.
(m) Organizations of and for persons with disabilities, self-help groups and self-advocacy groups, with support, as required by families and caregivers, participate in decision-making, as appropriate, to ensure that the interests of marginalized groups are adequately addressed;
These were complex times.
These situations constitute arbitrary deprivation of liberty.
7. Implementation of agreed conclusions and recommendations of the Commission, including post-Doha follow-up
AVR driver for laser LED source code integrity, and can be used directly.
RECOMMENDATIONS:
Dendrelaphis
The treaty-specific reporting guidelines adopted by the Committee at its fortieth session, in January 2008, must be applied in conjunction with the harmonized reporting guidelines on a common core document.
News.gov.hk provides a PDA version of news stories through an Internet connection. You can also download the Chinese and English stories through PC synchronisation with your PDA.
He also asked the nations of the world to join together to fight what he called the common enemies of man: tyranny, poverty, disease, and war itself.John F Kennedy6
Decision 27/I
Similarly: Do you think you have lost interest partly because you are so tired is preferable to:  If you got to bed earlier, you would feel differently.
(b) Length of service shall be deemed to comprise the total period of a staff member's full-time continuous service on fixed-term or continuing appointments.
(a) Methods of sale
MDG no 1, the eradication of extreme poverty and hunger, depends on productive agriculture, livestock and fisheries, which in turn rely on ecosystem services (e.g., soil fertility and erosion control).
the extent of insurance is stipulated in the basic policy form and in the various risk clause.
2. Invites the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) to appear, through its representatives, before the Human Rights Committee during the third week of its forthcoming session (2-4 November 1992);
Dates (2004)
It adds massive above ground risks to the already considerable  ones they face beneath the soil.
 The deteriorating health and nutritional condition of many of these people, newly displaced by insecurity and lack of food due to drought, has continued to be of grave concern to the United Nations.
In the absence of Ms. Šimonović, Ms. Gabr, Vice-Chairperson, took the Chair.
He also analyses the issue of technology transfer between the technology producers and the technology recipients, which are primarily the developing countries, for realizing the right to development.
That would, however, require supply-side policies aimed at promoting and supporting resource recovery, and demand-side policies aimed at stimulating markets for recovered materials and products.
Did you still believe in a restoration of the imperial system?
Regarding the possibility of extending this important meeting to cover a full day, that indeed has been discussed.
1. The Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, in this fourth report to the General Assembly, gives an account of his most recent activities and the activities that he plans to undertake in the coming months.
Structure and programme of the Meeting
Members of the Council demand that those responsible be brought to justice.
As Attorney General is the ultimate authority under the Constitution on all matters related to criminal prosecutions and directing the Commissioner of Police to carry out criminal investigations.
Our mission is to change the course of history as we enter the new millennium.
Recruitment to fill all vacant posts will proceed at maximum sustainable speed, while at the same time special measures will be taken to mitigate the problems arising from the assimilation of large numbers of new staff over a relatively short period of time.
It also noted efforts to eliminate violence and discrimination against women and combat human trafficking, especially the adoption of legislative and institutional measures.
Transparency will be an essential element of any measures in conventional disarmament just as it is for weapons of mass destruction.
9. Condemns the use of Radiodiffusion Télévision Ivoirienne (RTI) and other media to incite discrimination, hostility, hatred and violence, including against UNOCI, as well as acts of intimidation and violence against journalists, and calls for the lifting of all restrictions placed on the exercise of the right of freedom of expression in Côte d'Ivoire;
During the debate of the Third Committee at the fifty—first session of the General Assembly, the Special Rapporteurs on the situation of human rights in Burundi and Rwanda gave a joint press conference on the current situation in the Great Lakes region.
It did however note that the debtor had a right to be heard in the insolvency proceedings and to participate in the decision-making process, especially in a reorganization, as well as a right of access to information relevant to the conduct of the proceedings.
8. To reiterate the continuing concerns of the Council about the protection of civilians, to discuss the implementation of Security Council resolution 1906 (2009), to address the situation of internally displaced civilians and to advocate for respect for human rights and international humanitarian law, and for the need to address sexual-violence and child-protection issues, bearing in mind the conclusions of the Security Council Working Group on children and armed conflict, to recall the importance of the fight against impunity inter alia by strengthening the capacity of the judicial and correctional systems and to reiterate its recognition of the interrelated nature of the effective protection of civilians, reduction and removal of the threat of armed groups, and comprehensive and sustainable security sector reform.
"I love this town so much, " the older woman said, a blue towel draped over her head to protect against fallout.
General operating expenses
During the meetings, the parties reiterated their commitment to resolution 1701 (2006) and the significance of the tripartite meetings in enhancing security and stability, and they utilized this mechanism to constructively address all issues under discussion.
Seafarers can be directly exposed to threats to maritime security, including acts of piracy and armed robbery against ships, and may be called upon to combat such threats.
 As at 31 October 1994, voluntary contributions totalling some $11.2 million had been received from Governments. Of this amount, some $1.4 million was received during the financial period under review from the Government of Switzerland.
In this regard, the Assembly URGES Member States, the Commission and international partners to support and cooperate with these initiatives, including the AU Ministerial Committee on Post-Conflict Reconstruction and Development (PCRD) in The Sudan.
A similar document will be prepared for the thirty-eighth session of the Committee, to be held at Accra in 1999.
She may summon any person to provide information relating to her investigations and may enter any premises of the organisations under her jurisdiction to conduct investigations. She also has sufficient means with which to ensure that her recommendations are heard and acted upon.
Overview
The secretariat of the conference comprised Ms. Pamela Mapongo, Secretary of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa, assisted by Ms. Nicole Moran and Mr. Ferdinand Ngoh Ngoh.
(b) Implications of the recommendations of the International Conference on Population and Development for the work programme on population.
He usually prefaced his remarks with a dry little cough.
So far, he seems as good as his word.
25. The Commission established a Planning Group to consider its programme, procedures and working methods (chap. XII, sect. E).
236. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft decision.
After a few years of this he had a bad year and broke even.
6. The drafts have not been adopted or endorsed by the Intergovernmental Committee and may be developed further.
She still had no ideal if her body was fertile now.
It keeps records only of registered refugees and, as noted above, even those records, particularly with respect to the location of registered refugees, may be incomplete.
how could you know that?
They are a mirror image to our towering achievements above ground and, like the pyramids, they are both monument and tomb.
The Court also held that the right of minority language groups to manage and control their own educational facilities was vital to ensuring the flourishing of their language.
His secretary phoned to say he would be late.
Twenty-fifth meeting
Allowing greater female representation benefits not only the women vying for the political seats but also the broader female population that stands to gain from having female political representation.
Did Emily communicate with you again Iast fall after you received the Ietter?
Tbilisi State University
The international counter-terrorism effort must be coordinated and transparent and must be kept within the bounds of international law and international humanitarian law.
42. While only States are parties to the Covenant and thus ultimately accountable for compliance with it, all members of society individuals, including health professionals, families, local communities, intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations, civil society organizations, as well as the private business sector have responsibilities regarding the realization of the right to health.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the related estimates covered would be under extrabudgetary resources and that the computer software and materials were geared primarily for use by developing countries.
In this situation, you might want to cloak the parent and sibling folders with which you are not working.
Tapping telephone wires, it seemed, was as easy as buying a loaf of bread.
The State party should also ensure that all suspects under criminal investigation are registered, especially children.
He said that the rapid increase in world trade had brought a corresponding increase in the need for efficient and sustainable transport.
Wurtweiler did a lot of talking over the loud chatter all around him.
of Racial Discrimination
If your text is worded poorly then your interface will be perceived poorly by your users.
The Special Rapporteur has kept vigil over the application of Shariah in the Sudan, in particular the penal legislations, in complete disregard of the freedom of religion guaranteed by various human rights conventions.
Where a dedicated unit for records and archives management is in place in an entity, its core mandate includes, in addition to its custody role, a wide range of missions and functions, such as developing a policy framework, setting corporate standards and providing specialized advisory services.
 17. The Committee decided to draw the General Assembly's attention to paragraph 28 of its decision 34/401 and to paragraph 6 of its resolution 48/264.
Strong country office support to Governments would accordingly be essential so that Governments could develop appropriate policies and legislation for the success of the programmes.
Without that, international assistance and the crucial role it plays will end up only covering the cost of the Israeli occupation rather than achieving development and building the institutions of the independent Palestinian State, which is the only guarantee of peace in the Middle East.
When citizens acquire power – through, say, an elected position, a job that lets them decide who gets a liquor license or who gets arrested with a gun – the public has a right to know more about them.
43. Moreover, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court visited Bangui in February within the context of ongoing investigations into alleged human rights crimes committed in the Central African Republic from 2002 to 2003.
Software companies of the United Kingdom
" In two weeks it'll be the longest day in the year. "
The State party should harmonize the prison legislation of all states and expedite the establishment of a single database for all penitentiaries throughout its territory with a view to ensuring a more even distribution of the prison population.
In its 1996 ruling in the Blaškić case, the ICTY discussed house arrest in international law and national laws; it considered that house arrest constitutes detention and is subject to the same guarantees as detention in a prison facility.
Agenda items 2 and 3
If only Iceland had been a member of the European Union and eurozone, the argument went, it would have escaped the crisis and humiliation.
Occupied areas outside Sarijali and Yusifjanli villages, Agdam district, Azerbaijan
76. He shared the views of the Indian representative, especially regarding military personnel on loan.
Flag of Groningen
The predictable nature of a minimum income in old age effectively mitigates deprivation for both older people and those with whom they share a caring relationship.
Nowadays many weight-watchers would like to go to the gym.
They also found the bank's Web site difficult to use.
45. In a notable development, the United Nations Mine Action Service, as part of UNSOA, began to work with AMISOM to increase the awareness of mines, explosive remnants of war and improvised explosive devices among the troops and to improve their ability to undertake explosive ordnance disposal operations safely and efficiently.
Original: English
The court therefore found that this breach did not justify avoidance of the contract pursuant to article 49.
A large number of initiatives have been taken in this respect on the local, regional and even international levels.
56. Regarding political opponents, human rights activists and independent journalists, CAT remained concerned about arbitrary detention for short periods; the use of ambiguous criminal concepts such us "pre-criminal social dangerousness"; freedom of movement restrictions; intrusive surveillance; physical aggression; intimidation and harassment allegedly committed by the National Revolutionary Police and State security bodies; and "acts of repudiation".
2. Requests the Secretary-General to publish the Legislative Guide and to make all efforts to ensure that it becomes generally known and available;
The interrelationships of all these pricesmake up thesystem of prices.
Article 8
Of this increase $1.8 million relates to the delayed impact of the 13 new posts approved in the biennium 2006-2007 and $2.5 million represents the proposed increase sought in line with General Assembly resolution 52/220.
it was a superb performance, despite occasional lapses of intonation
Support and maintenance of 1 radio programme production studio in Khartoum
A message from the Assistant Director-General for Communication, Information and Informatics of UNESCO was read out.
The amount of contributions from private sources must not exceed the amount of contributions from public sources in any biennium.
Documents:
Follow-up to visits
Therefore, recently more and more attentions are paid to the investigation and control of part corrosion.
16. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations, together with the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, to prepare a report on the implementation of the present resolution and submit it to the Trade and Development Board and to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
How much outrage can a single multinational corporation inspire?
the Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations addressed
The General Legal Division often provides legal officers on a temporary basis to assist peacekeeping missions.
This would apply the VTC's approach of employing sector experts to comment on forecasts, to the medium term economy-wide forecasts.
Sustainable tourism is defined as tourism that takes full account of its current and future economic, social and environmental impacts, addressing the needs of visitors, the industry, the environment and host communities.
 (d) Estimates of the number of undiscovered mineral deposits within identified mineral domains.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
CIP (Fraud Div 10) (Commerical Crime Bureau)
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendation of the Secretary-General, endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1241 (1999) of 19 May 1999, that Judge Lennart Aspegren, once replaced as a member of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, would finish the Rutaganda and Musema cases which he had already begun before expiry of his term of office.
In the opinion of the Committee, the Secretary-General should therefore be requested to revisit the matter and to submit a proposal that would be consistent with the intent of the Assembly.
While not recommending any reduction, the Committee encourages ESCWA to explore the possibility of making as many of its publications as possible available in electronic format.
"Recognizing that the need for cybersecurity increases as countries increase their participation in the digital economy,
Such commitments are normally restricted to administrative requirements of a continuing nature and to contracts or legal obligations where long lead times are required for delivery.
A hedge forms the division between her land and mine.
5. Although she is young, she knows quite a lot.
Only denuclearization can now save Pakistan from itself -- and the world from Pakistan.
73. Increasing the capacity of investigations, as set out above, would take about 12 months.
Training had been provided to labour officers and, although few complaints had been received to date, the creation of the new ministry should lead to better enforcement.
To produce useful things that consumers need?
Copyright ? 2008 HKEAA, All rights reserved. Last modified Date: 24/3/2009 14:14:00
Human Rights Council, Working Group on Indigenous Populations, twenty-sixth session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1982/34 and General Assembly resolution 60/251 and Human Rights Council resolution 5/1]
Subsequent to their expressions of support for the Declaration, the Special Rapporteur carried out visits to Australia (A/HRC/15/37/Add.4), New Zealand (A/HRC/15/37/Add.9) and the United States of America (A/HRC/21/47/Add.1).
The State level key laboratories are open to both domestic and foreign researchers.
In Cuba, there will be no elections, but matters may come to a head next year.
The Committee and the States parties discussed the following issues: the methods of work of the Committee; the harmonization of working methods between treaty bodies; the new optional reporting procedure of the Committee, which consists of lists of issues to be transmitted prior to the submission of periodic reports; general comments; and the need for additional meeting time as well as resources for the Committee.
Moreover, the authors were never entitled to construct a building on their plot of land.
Developing national standards for niche products and organic agriculture;
A. Chambers
Sr Quantity Surveyor/11
The current amount available to the Tribunal is Euro542,118, which was converted from $650,000 in November 2005, in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the Tribunal.
Anyone who remembers the 15 incredible pretexts, which have come to light today in declassified official documents, that were devised at the end of 1961 by the powers that be in the United States with the aim of launching a direct military attack against Cuba in 1962, would find nothing surprising in this sinister fabrication.
The good news for Americans is that there is enormous inertia in the world trading and financial system.
I had a sudden urge to tell the boss what I thought of him.
Human resources management reform
NAPA technical workshop for francophone African least developed countries (LDCs)
5. Ms. Ungyera Marie Louise, Secretary
I am seeing Tom tomorrow.
As the process of EU integration advances, the Committee on Foreign Affairs can also play a more active role in United Nations-related matters
LCAuth
The persistence of illegal, unreported and under-reported fishing within both the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Pacific region poses an immediate threat to the health of a globally significant food source, including one of the world's largest tuna fisheries.
Monaco has long been active in protecting the marine environment and in developing scientific research in marine biology.
(a) The role of international trade in the post-2015 development agenda;
They abhor all the nations who have different ideology and regime.
(b) The compilation prepared by OHCHR in accordance with paragraph 15 (b) (A/HRC/WG.6/11/SLE/2);
(a) The case of The Government of South Africa v. Grootboom illustrates how courts adapt legal concepts such as the test of reasonableness to assess whether a policy with resource implications is compatible with constitutional rights.
and protecting institutions 17. The GoA has established the High Council for Prisons (HCP) to monitor and review human rights situation and cases of violation.
One domain name for each registered name.
Statements were also made by the representatives of Algeria and Morocco.
Revenues were $6bn, down 36 per cent from the second quarter and a 51 per cent from last year
It notes with appreciation the establishment of a coordinating committee to strengthen coordination and cooperation in the field of child issues, particularly between the Government bodies and civil society organizations.
Internet advertising rose in 2008, according to a report released Monday, but the growth is starting to flatten.
This subzone includes the following areas: shui Wai and Mui Shue hang.
Global issues and challenges facing the United Nations: legal, humanitarian, and political perspectives (June 2004; organized by Columbia University Law School and UNITAR)
Additional efforts must therefore be made to prevent any escalation of tension in Somalia.
UNCLOS requires States to take all measures necessary to prevent, reduce and control pollution of the marine environment from any source (Part XII) and sets out the enforcement rights of flag, port and coastal States, which are subject to a series of safeguards (Part XII, sects. 6 and 7).
Agenda item 25 (b)
31. Regular monitoring will improve the Department's understanding of the kind of information that is being sought and on the best ways to deliver it.
On the occasion of the anniversaries of the Mine Ban Convention (3 December marking the signature and 1 March the entry into force), ICBL held awareness-raising activities around the globe, focusing on the United States and its mine policy review and the mine-action situation in India and Pakistan.
(c) Required documentation, such as after-action reviews on events, will be maintained and distributed in a timely manner;
It is further concerned about discrimination against the Roma minority, which has led to violations of the rights protected under the Convention (arts. 10 and 16).
107. No new cases of disappearance were transmitted to the Government during 2000, but two cases were transmitted in 1999 after last year's report (E/CN.4/2000/64 and Add.1) was drafted.
Airlines of Sweden
It welcomed the steps taken by the Secretary-General and expected him to exercise leadership to maintain strict discipline in that field.
(b) Since 1999, the Department of Health (DH) has established one elderly health centre (EHC) in each of the 18 districts over the territory to provide comprehensive primary health care services to senior citizens.
In the second, the only obligation imposed on the State which causes the significant harm is to initiate consultations with the affected watercourse State.
The Human Rights Committee referred to article 5(1) of the ICCPR, which provides that: "Nothing in the present Covenant may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms recognized herein or at their limitation to a greater extent than is provided for in the present Covenant."
While the first objective had been a constant concern of the Commission from the outset, the second mirrored the more recent acknowledgment on the part of the international community that environmental protection was of value in itself.
Simple fillings
14. The first question is the basic question that was put to the Voorburg Group in the 1980s.
(i) Veterans of the elimination of the consequences of the accident at the AEP Chernobyl;
" "If you don't immediately introduce me to your Alberto, I won't allow you to see him again.
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.3/64/L.7, entitled "Follow-up to the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family and beyond" (under agenda item 61 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Qatar)
On 15 November, at an open meeting, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sukehiro Hasegawa, briefed the Council on the report of the Secretary-General on UNMISET (S/2004/888), and provided information on the creation of eight working groups to identify the measures required for a smooth transition from peacekeeping to more traditional nation-building and international assistance.
 The initial phase of this reconstruction in the public service has been characterized by emergency, ad hoc responses to the crises of post-genocide administration.
Sweden
`And why didn't mamma speak to me about him?
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) encouraged Cambodia to ratify the Convention against Discrimination in Education.
The sentence contains two ideas and treats then as equals.
Statement by Mrs. Anna Kajumulo Tibaijuka, Executive Director of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme
The effectiveness of the International Convention for the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism in preventing non-State entities from gaining access to nuclear weapons is limited by the existence of nuclear arsenals some of which may not be adequately protected.
19.18 With respect to field activities, the objective is to ensure the efficiency of field missions and presences through the maintenance of contacts with Governments, appropriate sectors of the United Nations system, international and regional organizations and others by supporting and developing such activities through the development of training programmes and materials for human rights field staff and training in human rights for the appropriate components of other United Nations field operations.
32. In an environment of chronic unemployment or underemployment, permanent programmes offer a more sustained impact.
As was stated in the final Declaration of the Millennium Summit, the management of economic and social development, as well as the risks and threats to international peace and security, must be a shared responsibility.
The restrictions imposed on the travel of the Permanent Representative of Cuba to or in the San Francisco area in no way violated the United States Government's treaty obligations as host country.
16. The Conference notes paragraph 10 of the nuclear-weapon States declaration of 1 May 2000 stating that none of their nuclear weapons are targeted at any State.
The United Kingdom played an active role in promoting the right to development through active engagement at national and international levels.
This is not in accordance with the basic values of our international community and it is a major obstacle to sustainable development.
Its current global market share is 9.3 per cent but it has a weaker presence in emerging markets including China, India and Russia, where demand is growing.
The view was expressed that the meetings of the expert groups should be carefully prepared and that documents for those meetings should be made available to the experts well in advance, in order to allow sufficient time for coordination at the national level prior to the meetings, thus enabling active participation by all and supporting a productive outcome.
Information collection and sharing of national data on FDI and the impact of international investment on the economy
124.154 Intensify efforts to develop poverty alleviation programmes with specific attention to empower marginalised and vulnerable groups within the society, such as children, women and the elderly (Sri Lanka);
The State party has not submitted any information that would justify the delays.
15 August-9 September
22/5. Enhancing the role of the United Nations Environment Programme on forest-related issues
Contents
:: Internal conflict, including civil war, genocide and other large-scale atrocities
44. The Meeting took note and called for the immediate implementation of the resolution A/HRC/S-2/L-2 adopted by the 2nd Special Session of Human Rights Council (HRC) concerning the Israeli grave violations of human rights in Lebanon.
The Bond pictures success permitted Connery to move his wife, their son, Jason, and his stepdaughter into a town house overlooking Londons Acton Park.
Subject matter: Failure by the State party to eliminate discrimination on the basis of disability, and to respect the obligation to guarantee to persons with disabilities political rights, including the right to vote, on an equal basis with other citizens
It had adopted a substantial body of legislation aimed at eliminating discrimination against women.
 The material progress of peoples is to a large extent the product of their own, irreplaceable efforts.
20. Encourages all development partners to implement principles of aid effectiveness, as recalled in the Doha Declaration on Financing for Development adopted on 2 December 2008 by the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus;
The Case Study of Pronoun Acquisition in the Process of Child Language Acquisition
Moreover, defamation of religious symbols can lead to incitement to religious intolerance.
Who suspected she'd let herself go and swell up like a beach ball?
Overview
(a) Endorsed the findings of the EPG Report following its mission to Fiji from 29 January to 1 February 2007 and the outcomes of the Forum Foreign Affairs Ministers' Meeting in March 2007 as an appropriate way forward to the restoration of constitutional and democratic government in Fiji;
Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money - box.
For not pulling the grass or picking the rose.
140. In section I.D of its resolution 58/251 of 23 December 2003, the General Assembly recalled that hazard pay was a payment of symbolic nature and requested the Commission to reconsider and decide on a smaller increase of the level of hazard pay for local staff, taking into account the views expressed by Member States, and to report on the implementation of that request to the Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
The dimension of a seagull df-1 be 146*99*96mm, with a standard lens and it weigh 960 gram.
Application rate Endpoint (consumption) Species TER value Trigger value
Australia's legislative framework was supported by national policies for preventing and addressing identity-related crime.
* Most of the female workforce is concentrated in administration and community-owned activities via the public service sector and the State sector, especially education and health.
China's surplus labour will eventually dry up, but it still seems some years away.
Dr. Crocker's advice to any person who thinks he is suffering from a panic attack is to consult a doctor for a medical examination to rule out the possibilities of physical illness first
Contents
Classroom ecology refers to using the basic principle of ecology to think relations of actors in the system, and relations between the actors and other elements in the system.
Schon als Kind musste Georg Friedrich H ndel ein gro es Talent besessen haben, denn er brachte sich selbst bei, auf dem Clavichord zu spielen.
19. Stresses that results-based management is a central management tool for improving performance and ensuring the achievement of the expected results based on mandates provided by Member States;
- Training girl victims of trafficking as peer educators to raise the awareness of other groups of women and girls involved in prostitution
Trams in Amsterdam
UNFPA understands that this may be especially critical in places where traditions and sociocultural assets are being eroded by the effects of globalization.
74. Ms. Major (Canada) said that she believed that the Special Rapporteur had a special role to play to help States to bring a human rights aspect to the fight against terrorism.
Thrust: To extend the arm and sword toward the opponent.
The author states that his circumstances did not justify a final settlement, although the document he signed was identical to the one mentioned earlier, stating: "thus settling all accounts to my full satisfaction, with no amount remaining to be claimed on any other grounds".
2.1 The author was tried for allegedly causing a traffic accident that took place on 21 February 1998, which resulted in one person's death.
51. The UNOWA tactic of organizing or co-financing regular meetings of concern to such players is an effective way of putting issues on the agenda and thus inducing and promoting harmonization.
Systematic risk
Average age (years)
Other organs and agencies of the United Nations also need to enhance their information and publicity awareness and work voluntarily and actively to enhance and publicize the positive image of the United Nations.
 70. To gain a better understanding of the extent to which population is a factor in economic development, UNFPA organized a meeting of economists in September 1992.
She encouraged participants to actively engage in dialogue on that issue and to support the future work of the Human Rights Council, the new Independent Expert on the enjoyment of all human rights by older persons (Independent Expert), and the Open-ended Working Group on Ageing for the purpose of strengthening the protection of the human rights of older persons (the Open-ended Working Group on the Human Rights of Older Persons (the Working Group)).
488. Biotechnology is largely regulated by two different Acts: the Act relating to gene technology, which was passed in 1993 and the Act relating to the medical application of biotechnology, which was passed in 1994.
I found a smaller hall for the overflow from the main meeting.
- Trade and Investment
(f) Some delegations emphasized the importance of support from Member States for developing countries in terms of capacity-building, citing the example of the Global Green Growth Institute, which was recently established for disseminating knowledge and experience in green growth models and strategies;
Priority should be given to the development of partnerships with United Nations Regional Commissions.
Calibration and maintenance of Brewer #116, Bandung, Indonesia, November 2010
The Special Representative met two children under 18 detained in Bata police station.
9 See E/CN.4/2001/5/Add.2.
(a) Introducing mobile birth registration units and public awareness-raising campaigns to reach the most remote areas of its territory;
(c) To assist, within its capabilities, and in coordination with other parties, with implementation of the National Security and Stabilization Plan, in particular the effective re-establishment and training of all-inclusive Somali security forces;
On 1 February 2007, the President of the Republic issued decree 6.033/2007, which incorporates the text of resolution 1727 (2006) into Brazilian law and determines that all Brazilian authorities enforce its provisions.*
A draft of the global monitoring report, including an evaluation and assessment of changes in persistent organic pollutant concentrations over time, as specified in the effectiveness evaluation framework, will be available by January 2016 for consideration by the Effectiveness Evaluation Committee.
m afraid that somebody will take his place because of his serious mistakes.
Cape Neumayer
They called for the immediate release of the hostages.
She can be really 1) nasty, can't she
Overall, Japans overseas development aid had shrunk 38 per cent in six years.
Lesson8-HANGOUT/HARD-HEADED hard heade
The governor of Illinois ordered the Mormons to leave his state. He said only this would prevent further violence.
is one thing and doing is another.
The resulting challenges are tremendous, because our economy is still in transition, and we are working to achieve the goals involved in the process of European integration.
5. Equal Remuneration Convention, (No. 100), 29 June 1951
Four seats for States on List A
acquiring and developing new and varied streams of earnings;
you want to kill me?! go ahead.
Concerning the humanitarian situation, he said that the United Nations was facilitating and coordinating the provision of humanitarian assistance and that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Children's Fund had deployed additional staff to the field.
Slip these sweat socks in your shirt and pray they think your packin '.
The Security Council emphasizes that any effort to undermine MONUSCO's ability to implement its mandate will not be tolerated and that those responsible for threats or attacks against peacekeepers must be held accountable.
President Museveni blamed the source of the problem on the past failure of President Mobutu to manage the country and cooperate with its neighbours.
More than 10,000 people were tested in 2003.
Moreover, he or she also informs the child, in an appropriate manner, of the subject matter, the course and possible outcome of the proceedings.
BUYSKES CLASS
39. In the interim, reimbursement for rigid and semi-rigid structures is to be based on major equipment in accordance with chapter 8, annex A, Accommodation equipment, Rigid structures, and Semi-rigid structures, Camp unit (medium and large for levels 2 and 3 medical facilities, respectively).
Information Portal Architect (enterprise information portal) (1 P-4 position, new)
14. Recognizes the urgent need to harness the potential of knowledge and technology, and in this regard encourages the United Nations development system to continue its effort to promote the use of information and communications technologies as a critical enabler of development and a catalyst for the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals;
To that end, it is critical that there be adequately functioning health systems, especially at community and district levels, which can provide essential preventive, curative and promotive services.
3. Other costs pertaining to military personnel
Jack Barmby
European Convention on the Legal Protection of Services Based on, or Consisting of Conditional Access
The stalls would only sell fresh flowers and customers didn't mind paying the clearly marked up prices
Chapter 1.4
Programme 6
Based on the new development concept of putting people鈥檚 interests first, our goals are fully consistent with MDGs.
Data comparability
80. Freedom of association is an important aspect of life in Algeria.
Her story should soften the stoniest of hearts.
A. Activities relating to the promotion of the rule of law at the international level
KIU KONG TOURS CO., LIMITED
The baseline data requirement shall take into consideration six groups of data: physical oceanography, chemical oceanography, sediment properties, biological communities, bioturbation and sedimentation.
Mandate: GA res. 63/6, para. 5 IAEA
NAME Theory of elasticity is often called elasticity for short. It is a branch of solid mechanics.
And taking them will require time.
Do you really think that we are not good enough for you
76. Albania's three major religious communities lived in harmony.
Countries should assist fragile democracies in building sustainable economies while generally promoting democratic values.
Anything special on the menu?
(e) UNICEF should ensure that all systems are tested for year 2000 compliance with sufficient lead time to address any deficiencies (para. 70);
National, regional and international academies of science;
For NLSPS [for full time students who are covered under the Financial Assistance Scheme for Post-secondary Students (FASP)], the administrative fee is HK $180, please
But Megaupload offered cash rewards to users who uploaded files that proved popular with other users.
61. When assessing risk to the general population, consider whether certain segments of the population (i.e., children, pregnant women) have differential susceptibility or exposure.
Other recent renegotiations of official debt
 In 1990 we established an experimental seismic station in Southern Moravia.
All the principal documents have been published.
Speakers also called on donor States to increase funding for the work of UNODC in those areas.
CONTENTS
the usage of different libraries; and
Piece of cake . ( It's a snap. )
[The President of the General Assembly will be the guest of honour.
253. It falls under the competence of MSAR Health Services to guarantee the access of the disabled to all aspects of health care, such as health promotion and monitoring, illness and disability prevention, examination and diagnosis, premature stimulation and medical rehabilitation (article 18, paragraph 1, of DecreeLaw 33/99/M).
"The others thought that would give Paul too much power within the band," Ms Cooper said.
Letter dated 9 July 2008 from the Chairman of the Committee for Programme and Coordination to the Chairman of the Third Committee
Gerrard, who trudged from the field to gleeful blue derision that day, later said he was "hurt" .
India is very keen to expand cooperation with Africa in Africa's quest for food and livelihood security for its people.
In any event, the recommended rules of procedure should not be adopted until the discussions on the structure of the Conference had been completed.
And index system is classified as 2 types namely terrestrial ecosystem and marine ecosystem.
Do it, by all means, but keep It'secret.
Many people contributed generously to the appeal.
3 (c)
Facilitate the development and dissemination of guidance materials
(a) Encourage assistance providers to incorporate in wider capacity-building assistance programmes a focus on building counter-terrorism capacity, to give training a higher priority, and to ensure that all programmes are timely and results-focused.
65. Regrettably, there is no noticeable change regarding recommendation 3, on the small arms advisory service.
Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turn the spring back to dust.
The departments of tobacco monopoly administration in the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government shall be responsible for the tobacco monopoly within the areas under their respective jurisdiction, and shall be under the dual leadership of the department of tobacco monopoly administration under the State Council and the people's governments of the relevant provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, with the leadership of the department of tobacco monopoly administration under the State Council as the main leading authority.
The onion root tip karyokinesis experiment is a basic experiment in middle normal school biological teaching.
In this context, he underlines that pursuant to article 2 (2) the Covenant contemplates that "constitutional processes" may be undertaken in order to give effect to the rights recognized in the Covenant and in remedying the violation in question.
While UNFPA maintained a list of non-expendable equipment, no additions for the biennium 2002-2003 were included.
45. The United Nations and AMIS have engaged in dialogue with the Government of the Sudan on the issue of sexual violence in Darfur.
pancreaticpancreatic juice , WASHINGTON - Women who take an aspirin a day  which millions do to prevent heart attack and stroke as well as to treat headaches  may raise their risk of getting pancreatic cancer, U.S. researchers said on Monday.
It was noted that the draft uniform rules (now in the form of a draft UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures), together with the draft guide to enactment, would be submitted to the Commission for review and adoption at its thirty-fourth session, to be held at Vienna from 25 June to 13 July 2001.
Pursuant to that proposal, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 59/283, to explore the implications of that option.
Her elegant but casual designs inspired women of fashion
Policies on condo repairs are specified by condominium bylaws.
The uprooting of trees leaves soils exposed and exacerbates land degradation.
I thought then that we would break out of our deadlock, and that when I left next Sunday I would leave behind a revitalized Conference.
"......It enhanced students' interest in tax profession......"
The Office was not a mechanism designed to secure budget cuts.
The review will be concluded at the ninth meeting in 2008.
It's urgent I reach Frederic Downing from Wilpharma.
The September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States have added to the security concerns and many States in the region have felt justified in further tightening procedures.
Ghana
Q: What are the daily economic and living conditions of the Tibetan people?
Representatives who abstain from voting shall be regarded as not voting.
He can't eat fat.74.
The monitoring of the implementation of ICT policies.
Like other boys, he liked toy guns and books, and showed an interest in archaeology.
In particular, it prohibits any discrimination on the basis of the status of a child as being unaccompanied or separated, or as being a refugee, asylumseeker or migrant.
Association Sainte-Catherine (France)
He elaborated on the Fund's sharpened country focus, including realigning country programmes to reflect the revised DRF; and a recommitment to integrated support to the field as a key priority, including the establishment of two cross-divisional thematic clusters (on women's reproductive health; and adolescents and youth).
On the third day it was Eliab the son of Helon, leader of the sons of Zebulun
The Netherlands offered fiscal incentives to employers who contributed to the cost of childcare.
The ring is genuine gold.
Now we have to work on its full and universal implementation.
Letter dated 10 August 2012 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/67/191)
 It is our view that direct, close and constructive consultations between the members of the Security Council and troop-contributing countries would be useful for the effectiveness of the operations.
(Signed) M. Turmagambetov
Lavcevic did not submit invoices and receipts for the expenses incurred by it although this information was specifically requested in the article 34 notification sent to Lavcevic. This did not produce any further documentation.
He minded mathematics and philosophy more than at any other time since.
In a short period of time, the economy will simply be controlled by the drug lords.
The following objects were launched since the last report but did not achieve orbit:
148.123. Continue to ensure the budgetary allocations granted to the mechanism for the protection of human rights defenders, and recruit immediately the entire set of specialized staff to guarantee effective work by the mechanism and contribute thus effectively to the protection and security of all human rights defenders (Switzerland)/Provide all necessary support to the Human Rights Defenders and Journalists Protection Mechanism and ensure full cooperation and its implementation at state and municipal levels (Czech Republic)/ Ensure that human rights defenders and journalists are protected and not subject to defamation.
A. Pledges by the State
See paragraphs 42-57 of the report.
Before leaving he mumbles under his breath, "In Australia, we learn not to piss on our hands. "
 (a) Interfering with the supply of water, gas, or electricity as a weapon or means of pressure is unacceptable.
At the same time, e-commerce is acting as a force towards creating genuine international markets by exposing price discrimination and trade-limiting regulatory measures and standards.
17 (b)
"Article 17:
Implementation/Partnerships
He learned a trade, and with His own hands worked in carpenter's shop with Joseph.
What contribution can FDI make?
Mr. Al-Abdulkareem was unable to contest the legality of his arrest and detention.
These correlate with a higher rate of recurrent syncope, younger age, and a more benign course.
Lamplight as the extension of daylight at night is another keystone of design.
Actually, I have been so long standing behind you, lacking of your turning round.
We estimated the quantity by guess.
46. Ms. Banks (New Zealand) said that it was important for the report of the Human Rights Council to be considered directly in the plenary meeting in order to reflect that Council's status and mandate, and that more time should be allotted to discussion of the item.
Upon request, the secretariat informed the Commission that it would pursue the promotion of "green" business and trade and investment in green products and services under existing regional trade agreements, undertake analytical work on inclusive trade through various issues of the Asia-Pacific Trade and Investment Report and expand the Asia-Pacific Sustainable Business Network which had been established within the framework of the ESCAP Business Advisory Council.
Somali Olympic Committee
At present, 2,759 video clips (of sessions, indexed by speaker), a total of 192 hours of video, are accessible through the website (for a breakdown of webcast production by Council session, see table 19).
In Chapter 2, we will study good congruences on perfect rectangular bands of adequate semigroups.
At present, all Government bureaux and departments take due regard of, amongst others, the obligations under the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in formulating relevant policies, implementing programmes and delivering services and in consultation with other relevant bureaux and departments if necessary.
"Equity is essential to everything that we do" he said.
That process has preserved and always will preserve the independence of our country and the enormous social achievements attained since 1959.
Enroll with a designated driving school for a mandatory training course for acquiring the basic knowledge and skills to manoeuvre a motor cycle. Upon completion of the course, the school will arrange the written test (Part A Test) and Competence Test (Part B Test) for its students;
In support of its claim for commissions on bond charges, Alstom provided the bonds themselves and correspondence with Barclays.
Issues and violations found
Women are three times as likely to become depressed as men. No one knows for sure why this is the case.
Article 292 reads:
28. The signing of the Arusha peace agreement has presented the Government of Rwanda and RPF with a political and democratic framework to resolve their conflict.
Never mind the rest. I follow your general idea.
In 2005/06, our paper consumption decreased by a commendable 22% as compared to 2004/05.
ICCD/COP(3)/18 Procedure and institutional mechanism for the resolution of questions that may arise with regard to implementation of the Convention
In BRFS April 2009, in female population, 54.6 per cent and 68.6 per cent reported not doing moderate and vigorous exercise respectively in the past seven days as compared to 51.1 per cent and 55.8 per cent respectively for male.
Guinea-Bissau
The days of blackbirding are long gone, but the bitter memories and injurious social consequences are entrenched in the history of my country and people.
OP-CRC-AC (2003) OP-CRC-SC (2002)
Please explain the justification for different compensation programmes for people dispossessed of housing in Chechnya as a result of the armed conflict and provide data on the number of applicants for compensation due to loss of housing and property.
Now let us leave aside the Rightist intellectuals, for they are reactionaries.
91. Conditions for admissibility of communications 88
This comes naturally to people and, barring certain optical illusions, takes no time at all as well as precious little conscious effort.
Composition of the Chambers
124. According to article 183a, paragraph 6 of the Labour Code, gender discrimination includes also all unaccepted behaviour of sexual nature or relating to the gender of an employee, whose purpose or effect is a violation of the employee's dignity or humiliation of the employee.
The identity, motivation and methods of Chinese hackers are rarely traceable.
SAGE QUAN CHUEN HOME FOR THE ELDERLY
VI. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES 23 - 24 10 (Agenda item 6)
Or of wisdom, my dear baron--or of wisdom, said Louis XVIII.
Tahiti national football team
And the wind many times almost threw me on to the muddy path.
The HPA official suggested that just as youngsters seek to emulate professionals' dribbles, so too may they copy players' sputters.
Representatives of the Chinese ministries of foreign affairs and national defense have attended all the ARF foreign ministers and senior officials' meetings.They have also attended official or unofficial meetings on confidence-building measures, peace-keeping, maritime search and rescue, emergency rescue and disaster relief, preventive diplomacy, non-proliferation, and guiding principles within the framework of the ARF.
In carrying out its mission, UN.GIFT has aimed to increase knowledge about and awareness of human trafficking, to promote effective rights-based responses, to build and develop the capacity of State and non-State actors, and to foster partnerships for joint action against human trafficking.
6. Land disputes
The Committee also draws attention to its comments in paragraph 12 of the same report, where the Committee cautioned "that it would be difficult to focus on a specific date to complete the mandate of the Tribunal until it is known when investigations would be completed and what would be the final number of detainees awaiting trial".
It also adopted its opinion on communication No. 26/2002 (Stephen Hagan v. Australia).
In terms of governance, and notably institutional frameworks for achieving gender equality, member States highlighted: (a) the adoption of gender equality-related policies, legislation, action plans and strategies, along with accession to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women; (b) the establishment and/or strengthened status and mandates of national women's machineries; (c) the increase in awareness of and commitment to gender equality across government entities; and (d) the expansion of gender mainstreaming across the government sector, including the introduction of gender-responsive budgeting.
The symposium resulted in the adoption of the "Nganda declaration" which agreed on the establishment of a coordination framework of the main national civil society networks; the initiation of a structured strategic dialogue with institutional and international partners on development-related issues; and an assessment of progress on follow-up to the 2005 Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness.
82. States should prohibit ethnic profiling of migrant communities as a form of discrimination.
It participated in 2,983 meetings: 1,499 with public institutions, 878 with civil society representatives, 357 with United Nations agencies, and 249 with the international community.
The Inter-Ministerial Working Group (IWG) set up for this purpose (Prime Minister's Order No. 112/2014), is composed of representatives from governmental and independent agencies and bodies, including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA), Ministry of Social Welfare and Youth (MSWY), Ministry of the Interior (MI), the State Police, Ministry of Education and Sports (MES), People's Assembly, Commissioner for Protection from Discrimination (CPD), the People's Advocate (PA), etc.
Please provide case details, including on countries of origin/return.
The Philippines has peacekeepers, both military and police, in Afghanistan, Côte d'Ivoire, Georgia, Haiti, Kosovo, Liberia, the Sudan and Timor-Leste.
Development of a battalion-level capability able to conduct sustained operation will take some more years following UNMISET's withdrawal
SerVaas alleged that within the 60 day period preceding Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it delivered to the Employer the designated official "Smelting and Refining Operation Manual" and the "Factory Process Flow Chart" detailing SerVaas' proprietary know-how and process.
RS Law on Social and Child Protection
15. The 10-year strategic plan that the Parliament had adopted on 25 June 2007 was a milestone in the series of measures conceived to improve the situation of Roma women.
Many Presidents have already told me, prepare the session for the year 2000 well, because you are going to see me at the General Assembly.
Annex I
SIXTH COMMITTEE
5. Requests the Institute, in accordance with its mandate, and in close coordination with the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund and the other relevant United Nations programmes and funds, to actively participate in and contribute to the examination of the special theme for the thirty-ninth session of the Commission on Population and Development in 2006, entitled "International migration and development";
The intention stated in the draft final declaration (CCW/CONF.III/7/Add.7) might, he hoped, facilitate a return to the negotiating table with a view to adopting such an instrument.
And Henry Morton Stanley, an American journalist-adventurer, visited Kirk in Zanzibar for advice before setting out to find Livingstone.
OF BAHRAIN TO THE UNITED NATIONS ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
6. Mr. Djamel Moktefi (Algeria) was elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
Section V
Could the future users of the building keep the name signs exposed and show them to the public?
7079th (closed) meeting, held on 10 December 2013.
Have pity on me, and do for me what I am unable to do for myself
We also wish Member States fruitful discussions during this session of the Disarmament Commission.
Albania had not submitted its ozone-depleting substance data for 2007, thus its implementation of its ozone-depleting substance consumption reduction commitments for that year could not be confirmed.
Without a focus for mobilizing the efforts of grass-roots organizations, their efforts can be dissipated.
7. Garage operations
He slept the whole night through.
He further argues that, even if it were accepted that a constitutional motion is a remedy to be exhausted, it would not be available to him because of his lack of funds, the absence of legal aid for the purpose and the unwillingness of Jamaican lawyers to represent applicants on a pro bono basis for the purpose.
(b) Respect for the principle of equality of those subject to the jurisdiction of the State;
(f) Textbooks still include negative or patriarchal stereotypes; and
The Contingency Credit Line needed a review to be more useful.
Mechanical performances and acoustic radiation problems of the stiffened plate caused researchers great interest early.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $65,428,700
Those positive developments were, in part, the result of significant efforts made by the Office of the Prosecutor and the international community to support regional cooperation.
 3. Also stresses that this would promote the full realization and effective implementation of the Convention;
Cocaine seizures: trends in North America, 1990-2000
By his intransigence Mr Netanyahu has played into the hands of those who would destroy Israel.
 It is therefore only natural that in the transformation of one system to another the Tatmadaw should also take part in the political process of the country.
Since then, the two sides have been negotiating an end to the crisis.
Terms such as "sex work" and "sex worker" normalize and mask the pervasive violence and human rights abuses that define the commercial sex trade.
Listen to the sound of rain lingering, indoor many quiet.
9.4 In assessing whether there are substantial grounds for believing that the complainant would be in danger of being subjected to torture if returned to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Committee must take account of all relevant considerations, including the existence of a consistent pattern of gross, flagrant or mass violations of human rights.
According to an independent legal study commissioned by FICSA on the safety and security problems faced by international civil servants carrying out activities in the fulfilment of a United Nations mandate, such distinction is illegal.
When they got married, their friends and relatives predicted a quick failure.
Foremost is controlling the transfer or illicit trafficking of materials and technology that are related to weapons of mass destruction.
The United Nations Secretariat has also consulted with ECCAS on a multinational force for Central Africa.
500 kVA
2,880 air patrol hours (6 helicopters x 40 hours/helicopter x 12 months)
Despite efforts to facilitate and organize the participation of refugees, however, very few voter cards were distributed in the refugee camps in Burkina Faso, the Niger and Mauritania, resulting in a very low rate of participation among those populations.
New constitutional order
"Noting the importance of ensuring orderly, open, fair and transparent democratic processes that preserve the right of peaceful assembly,
Reliability and electrical testing meet all the requirements;
Type of Strategic Environmental Assessment (SEA)
By contrast, ODA fell in 16 out of 23 Development Assistance Committee countries mostly as a result of fiscal constraints related to the current crisis.
The report was revised to reflect workshop participants' comments and observations.
At present, Tibet has 137 television and TV video relay stations and television transposer stations, 297 ground satellite stations, 26 radio broadcasting, relay and transmitting stations, and 74 wire broadcasting stations at prefectural and county levels.
Furthermore, there are other advantages to appearing before the Tribunal that to some extent may compensate the defence counsel for their salary.
Try these tests on your acquaintances
906. Finally, the Committee recommends that, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the publication of the report be considered, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
The state provided a basic quantity of food for daily sustenance but little else.
Cuba must have the space to foment its own development, free from the decades-long embargo that has slowed its growth, but not its will to improve the welfare of its people and that of other developing countries.
He hoped Hamlet would drink it and die
At eleven the meeting closed.
(Population: 2,907)
Trace the parents or other members of the family of any refugee child in order to obtain information necessary for reunification with his or her family.
I am speaking here of the establishment of an Inter-Agency Task Force for West Africa and the dispatch of a mission to that region in March 2001. In that regard, I wish to pay a particular tribute to the Secretary-General for his decision, recently endorsed by the Security Council, to ensure the opening in Dakar by January 2002 of the new Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for West Africa.
26. The Informal Task Force on Tax and Development was set up in 2010 to advise OECD on its tax and development programme.
8. Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, subject to the provisions of the present resolution, and requests the Secretary-General to ensure their full implementation;
African States:
strong teamwork spirit, be honest and proactive character.
There are a lot of weirdos out there in the world.
In 1997, 26.65 million of the women in the workforce were employed, and 0.95 million were unemployed, resulting in an unemployment rate of 3.4 per cent (the unemployment rate for the male workforce was 3.4 per cent as well).
criteria, practices and guidelines
Descending indexing and loose index scan.
Jack often dreamed of home from his prison cell.
 Q. How do you justify killing tourists, attacking jewellery stores and other similar actions?
How would your like your hair done , madam ? Permenant, cold wave , or washed and dressed?
Therefore, in addition to its curative and preventive service, they provide specialized services for persons with disabilities through the Divisions of Rehabilitative Health Services in Ministry of Medical Services and the Division of Child and Adolescent Health in the Ministry of Public Health which provides assistive and supportive services, physiotherapy and occupational therapy.
The Committee adopted a statement on the tenth anniversary of Security Council resolution 1325 (2000). (See annex I to part one.)
26. To receive the EOD self-sustainment reimbursement rate the contingent must have the capability for EOD to secure the unit's accommodation area.
103. The persistence of social exclusion impedes poverty reduction, economic growth and social development and overall social and economic progress.
Wait. they asked you?
United Nations police
The importance for the Commission to base its work on contemporary practice was emphasized, as well as the need to take into account the practice of States from all of the principal legal systems of the world and from all regions.
The Advisory Group meeting in Geneva on 19 and 20 November 2008 included the eight newly appointed members by the Secretary-General.
Recently, IUS has been faced with a difficult financial situation.
Strengthening international cooperation and technical assistance in promoting the implementation of the universal conventions and protocols related to terrorism within the framework of the activities of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
The Ministry encourages the participation of non-governmental organizations and the private sector in health service delivery.
Putting Economic Models in Their Place
Stayed within the compass of the schoolyard.
Schedule 9.1
Zhou Qiurui
20. The Panel of Experts comprises a Coordinator (also the finance expert) and an arms expert.
That is for the Committee to decide when it considers the communication.
The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers.
Some delegations inquired about the collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) on HIV among young people.
The European Commission asked for comments, and its formal position is that it is considering them along with the reports.
The aim of this study was to identify injury patterns in childhood fractures requiring inpatient management at a regional trauma centre.
No single country could solve its environmental problems through unilateral action, and neither could any country escape responsibility for its impact on the environment.
Employees' right to participate in and organize trade unions has been further exercised and developed.
some unseen fingers like an idle breeze are palying upon my heart the music of the ripples.
Diseases such as malaria and HIV/AIDS incapacitate the workforce, decrease economic productivity and reduce output.
Sport in Manchester
Female smokers are thought to be less affected because they do not breathe in the smoke so deeply.
Keep pulling me back to that chilling windy day, whenever had my taste of midnight poison.
24 September 2011 Sea launch
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 4th meeting Conference Room 4
Violence against women
Sadly, progress on both pledges is weak.
Horta Museum
Each application is verified with regard to the implementation of United Nations Security Council sanctions, obligations undertaken in accordance with the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction, and other international agreements, the obligation not to export anti-personnel mines, and also in accordance with the principles of the Group of Nuclear Suppliers.
Mr. Haraguchi (Japan): Looking back on the activities of the Security Council during the past year, since the terrorist attacks on 11 September, we think that in general the Council has functioned well in carrying out its tasks in the maintenance of international peace and security.
We want all Iraqis to be able to live free from fear and material hardship.
Despite the triumph against racism all countries of the world continue to battle against the contemporary forms of racism.
In practice the problems relating to transportation also effectively deny many prisoners the right to appeal.
5228 (18 July 2005)
Marxism, after all, has inflicted untold misery on tens of millions of people who have been forced to live under regimes waving its banner.
If stopping the session takes more than a few seconds (or if a detach error occurs), this dialog box appears.
The Honourable Navinchandra Ramgoolam, Prime Minister of the Republic of Mauritius, was escorted to the rostrum.
epidemiology, including role of wildlife
UNIDO has already pioneered such arrangements with a number of IFIs, and will seek to develop them further in the MTPF period.
He stressed that the EU and its Member States had committed themselves to that agenda, and the European Council had sent a strong signal that the EU was prepared to deliver on the commitments made in Doha, Monterrey and Johannesburg.
(23) While taking note of the recognition of "ethnic diversity" in article 54 of the Constitution, the Committee is concerned about the lack of official recognition of national minorities within the territory of the State party (art. 15).
The goal of all this was to answer a question: Is it possible to see something really, really obvious and not perceive it?
P-2/P-1
Currently, BTS data are largely restricted to manufacturing even though the national statistical organizations and private institutes in many countries have collected business opinion information for services for some time.
(ii) Designation of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Commission;
29 January-2 February 2001
The second factor is Donald Trump, whose US administration has a lower standing in Europe than any other in recorded history.
The people were again taking possession of right, and what a fine spectacle!
A similar point is made in the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond, which, in paragraphs 77 and 78, includes proposals for involving youth organizations and young people in demand reduction activities.
LGBT in Ireland
8. States Parties shall make their reports widely available to the public within their own territory.
Article 25 Without permission from the copyright owner, the other party to the contract shall not exercise the right which the copyright owner has notexplicitly licensed in the contract.
Training on support nutritional surveillance system in Syrian Arab Republic
From the standpoint of the Asian users who will enter information, data entry must be clear and unambiguous, designed according to local understandings of names.
Major political changes in Indonesia and more comprehensive and concrete human rights policies have brought about a significant shift to the government policy on the East Timor issues.
III. POLICY AREAS FOR LINKAGES BUILDING
- Article 5 of the new law enables women to transmit Congolese nationality through filiation in the same way as men, and is therefore in compliance with the terms of articles 2 and 3 of the Convention.
United States Virgin Islands
And Liu is one of millions who have decided to opt out.  Ministry of Health statistics reveal only 2.67 percent of couples went for the check-ups in 2004, while it was 68 percent in 2002.
In the 27 cities covered by a USCM survey, the number of people asking for emergency food increased by an average of 23 percent, and the increase averaged 13 percent for those asking for emergency housing relief.
Objective To explore the superiority of thoracoscopy in treating malignant Pleural effusion.
The representative of Argentina noted that there had been insufficient time to review the documentation, but his delegation would be seeking clarification on publications and expert groups.
Behold, I am against thee, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain, saith the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations?
154. Some delegations expressed concern over the level of vacant posts in the ECE secretariat and its impact on its output and requested that urgent measures be taken to fill them.
Nor will States not having nuclear weapons remain confident in the decision taken to forgo those weapons.
Lebanon
There was no effective means for most expellees to review or contest this amount.
A/C.5/59/9 Item 17 (e) - - Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments - - Appointment of members and alternate members of the United Nations Staff Pension Committee - - Note by the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
395. If a decision that will affect the child is to be made, the child must be interviewed to the extent possible.
Supplementary solar-based lighting and electricity would also be appropriate.
I mean, otherwise, I wouldn't make any money.
138. Conclusions of the report of the Technical Commission of Ministers of Justice of MERCOSUR.
Because Abandon Changes involves significant data loss, the user should be protected with clear warning signs.
Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities
In this I did not fall on the land, the hot weather but always cannot stop the heart inside that autumn, it is heart of a knot.
Individuals participating in such procedures are required to use due discretion.
Daniel, You have a lot of sophistication in How you've handled the skirt of this.
I couldn't enjoy myself if I neglected them even for you, so   there's no need of hurry or impatience.
Recycled substances could be included in that table, but it should be ensured that double counting of emissions is avoided.
651. The Committee highlights States parties' responsibility to protect the child and her/his parents and to provide the parents with appropriate assistance.
In order to support the electoral process, UNIOGBIS produced and widely distributed a "Guide on human rights and elections" to members of the National Electoral Commission, regional authorities, political parties, candidates, civil society organizations and electoral monitors in March 2014, contributing to reducing the risks of election-related human rights violations.
Under the circumstances, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that all of the amounts requested are necessary, since much of this work is already being undertaken.
The enormous external debt -- the repayment of which requires a huge outlay -- is preventing us from providing our regions with due support for development.
Why can you get disease ?  How can you just cure?
The Secretariat has undertaken further work in exploring linkages through the environmentally sound management of hazardous and other wastes, climate change and energy.
435. In the light of the recommendation on reporting periodicity adopted by the Committee and described in the report on its twenty-ninth session (see CRC/C/114, chap. I), the Committee underlines the importance of a reporting practice that is in full compliance with the provisions of article 44 of the Convention.
The Shell Foundation has formed a partnership with Envirofit to market the cook stoves.
Again, it's a spectrum of experience [ versus ] a spectrum of need that manifests itself.
hexa-CNs hepta-CNs octa-CNs Numbers have been rounded to two decimal places so row totals do not necessarily add to 100 percent
The definition of specific crimes should be dealt with in other instruments.
UNOCI further commented that the transitional process will be dealt with further at an upcoming UNOCI country team retreat to be held towards the second part of February 2009, which will include the United Nations Development Assistance Framework process, which sets out the involvement of the Ivorian governmental institutions.
Chrome's interface has some bold changes from the standard browser design.
Jackie Wolcott Sanders (United States of America)
It would require a reasonably sophisticated accounting structure with internal controls and detailed management accounts for different product managers.
List of minor planets/154101–154200
The measurement results on waste water sample were very successful.
Friday, 8 October 1999
. Several representatives praised the progress made by the Implementation Committee, the Ad Hoc Working Group of Legal and Technical experts on Non-Compliance, and the Open-Ended Working Group in discussing matters relating to noncompliance.
The divisions between its south and north, which had been two different countries – with totally different histories –until Saleh’s dictatorship, are resurfacing again.
The Law regulates, in detail, the rights and obligations of persons organizing public events, the powers of the authorized bodies and the police, the limitations on organizing and holding public events, the procedure for notification of public events, etc.
12. The Committee reviewed and adopted the revised working methods of the Committee (CRPD/C/5/4).
Since its establishment in 1947, ICAO has been the primary source of technical assistance in the field of civil aviation to practically all developing countries.
This might promote convergence among competition policies and support national and international efforts to promote competition, efficiency and consumer welfare.
Tây Bồi Pidgin French
there；or，if he do not， it's no great matter there．
The manufacture of rubber mould is one of indirect mould manufacturing methods of RT technique.
Objects representing steps in a process should, in general, be adjacent and ordered sequentially.
In this connection, the measures to support the integration of immigrant women and the possibilities to improve the situation of this vulnerable group in society have been addressed.
Never say yes on the phone; instead, say, I'll get back to you.
The meeting will not be open to members of the press or the public.
Iwadate Station
We have this day drawn the following bill of exchange on your esteemed firm- No.123, $500,000, payable at sight
The state has all along paid attention to research, protection and development of traditional ethnic-minority cultures, organized collection, editing, translation and publishing of the cultural heritages of all ethnic minorities in a planned way, protected scenic spots, historical sites, valuable cultural relics and other important historical and cultural heritages of the ethnic-minority people, and formulated special preferential policies in respect of cultural facilities improvement, training of literary and artistic talents, cultural exchanges with foreign countries and protection of cultural relics.
"Community" a composition of the book reflects the inclinations of Mr. Tanigawa Michio and pursuit.
In this paper, the writer will research into real object photography reverse engineering.
Agenda item 33
Revision of the comprehensive protection of civilians strategy in coordination with the United Nations country team, taking into consideration new specific needs of vulnerable groups in particular
B. Regional consultations and preparations for the 2013 Forum on Business and Human Rights
2. We note with concern current estimates of dramatic shortfalls in resources required to achieve the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration.
As the end objective of these policies as mentioned in the developing women's strategy is women's development and eradicating female poverty through providing better access to job opportunities, as follows:
Mr. Dawson used to be a Latin teacher and live on an island of 30 degrees north latitude.
These events demonstrate the need for increased vigilance on the part of the security and defence forces in order to prevent a breach of the peace in the country, which is successfully engaged in reconstruction in the wake of the 1994 Tutsi genocide.
There is no need to forcibly reload the cached data, you can use the standard access to load and populate the cache with information.
It undermines sustainable development, political stability and democratic institutions, including efforts to eradicate poverty, and threatens national security and the rule of law.
Adult Education
The Human Rights Committee was concerned by reports of violence against LGBT persons and urged Belize to ensure that cases of violence against LGBT persons were thoroughly investigated, the perpetrators prosecuted and the victims adequately compensated.
Transmission of case 5 to the Committee
Original: ENGLISH EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER'S PROGRAMME
Forest Park
Heavy squally showers associated with Yutu brought more than 20 millimetres of rainfall to most parts of the territory, and areas around Tsuen Wan recorded more than 60 millimetres of rainfall.
Emphasis must be put on curriculum development, education and training, improved information and access to information, institutional cooperation and networking.
HBCD can be slowly metabolised and eliminated mainly via faeces (European Commission 2008).
Working Party on the Strategic Framework and the Programme Budget
United Nations Office for Project Services
There must be some stamps floating about somewhere.
Alistair Green, from the technology company Cap Gemini, says more power stations should be built.
" "In what way?
NPC: The non-pensionable component is that part of net salary excluded from the application of staff assessment in determination of the gross pensionable salary.
Uzbekistan
Implementing decrees in keeping with that purpose have been enacted with a view to ensuring the effectiveness of the control measures taken in relation to the possession, import and transfer of arms in general and the production of improvised weapons.
(b) The safety of navigation; for example, capacity-building for the production of nautical charts;
In fact, non - verbal communication can, as the saying goes, speak volumes.
Pension funds, for example, invest only 3 per cent of their global assets in infrastructure.
Situation of older women in society
The populace is the basis for supporting the regime, and the stability of regime depends on the stability of the populace.
You're what? Rhett, where are you going?
5.8.4 Reduction in the time required to process staff monthly payroll and pay other allowances (2011/12: not applicable; 2012/13: 95 per cent within 5 days; 2013/14: 98 per cent within 5 days)
4. Improving the management of the environment and natural resources
But they flew on commercial aircraft, via Beijing, losing time.
One hundred thirty-two United Nations theme groups on HIV/AIDS have been established so far, supported, in a good number of countries, by UNAIDS country or intercountry programme advisers.
"20. Reaffirms that there is an urgent need to create an environment at the national and international levels that is conducive to the attainment of full and productive employment and decent work for all as a foundation for sustainable development and that an environment that supports investment, growth and entrepreneurship is essential to the creation of new job opportunities, and also reaffirms that opportunities for men and women to obtain productive work in conditions of freedom, equity, security and human dignity are essential to ensuring the eradication of hunger and poverty, the improvement of economic and social well-being for all, the achievement of sustained economic growth and sustainable development of all nations and a fully inclusive and equitable globalization;
Committee on South-South cooperation (30 May)
The Panel appreciates the assistance provided by these Kuwaiti insurers in reviewing their archived records.
Neither the mission nor subsequent work by the Joint UNEP/OCHA Environment Unit in collaboration with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the International Maritime Organization (IMO), UNDP, WHO, the Secretariat of the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, OCHA and UNEP, nor a questionnaire distributed to the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia and other Somali partners, was able to confirm the presence of toxic chemicals at any location in Somalia.
The pig was rooting about for food.
In 1998, the first year of operation, 47 per cent of the 400 million Norwegian kroner allocated to the Fund was used to support investment in African countries.
It became a matter of cynical comment among the neighbors.
The information centres would also act as the secretariat of the local group.
2. Election of officers.
That could be achieved only if the prosecutor had the power to initiate a proceeding ex officio, but the prosecutor should not have sole authority to do so.
Inter-American Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities
However, this act did not provide entitlement to the nursing allowance for children born to mothers who were not working and not insured, even if the child's father was insured.
Countries providing military observers and civilian police personnel (as of 1 July 2005)
The three convention secretariats have similar requirements with regard to the following:
An identity must be created and linked to the specific entity identified.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cienfuegos
Furthermore, we would like to emphasize that it is important not to introduce distortions aimed at diverting for other purposes the resolution whereby the Force's mandate is extended.
A suggestion was made to expand the information required to be contained in the notification, so as to include information on the total value of the debts and assets of the debtor.
One difficulty encountered however, is that as the access to education increases, so too have concerns been raised as to the quality of education.
24. On 6 February 2006 the Security Council adopted resolution 1657 (2006) redeploying one infantry company from UNMIL to UNOCI until 31 March 2006, in order to provide extra security coverage for United Nations personnel and property.
Administration (2005)
118. Cyril Allen also operates a company named Liberia National Trading Company, which is co-located with Allen Farm in Margibi County (see annex 11).
The second is more like a kite, transmitting mechanical energy to the ground, where generators turn it into electricity.
That change reflected the positions discontinued as a result of the completion of some missions, increases under some continuing missions and requirements of new ones.
2. Regular sessions 6
Article 11 states: "Offences or misdemeanours which are the result of the perpetrator's wilful neglect to perform a duty shall be deemed as such only when failure to perform a duty is equivalent, according to the text of the law, to its causation.
The Panel finds the date of loss to be 31 December 1990.S/AC.26/1999/2
Set up a social security system that will cover all the working people and develop a favorable social environment conducive to the self-development of the working people.
The change in standards of travel for the experts also contributes to the variance.
He hurt his right ankle at broad jump.
You take the red pill, you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes.
She enjoyed herself making the assistant bring almost everything in the window before finally buying the dress she had first asked for.
A:Are you Mr Smith from the United States
The defendant received a six month suspended sentence and was ordered to pay the victim USD 100 and a buffalo in compensation.
As it has done in recent years, Canada, in cooperation with other member countries, will continue to ensure that cooperation between the two organizations remains productive, that francophone capabilities are used to the fullest extent in carrying out United Nations mission, especially in supporting peacekeeping missions in French-speaking countries, and that the relationship becomes a model of complementarity between United Nations action and that of regional organizations.
Maillard is terrible; but Saulx-Tavannes, if you please Duchene senior is ferocious; but what epithet will you allow me for the elder Letellier
The United States is one of a handful of advanced countries with a growing workforce, owing to its relative openness to immigration.
This year, the fifth time the day has been held, provided an opportunity to organize discussions at Libreville Central Prison and make prison officers and prisoners more aware of rights and duties in prisons.
Survival and development
The carrying out of Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) and Rapid Tests for diagnosis of Avian Flu by the Virology Laboratory.
92. To implement the requirements of resolution 1540 (2004), States often need to discern between the illicit trafficking in weapons of mass destruction, their means of delivery and related materials and the lawful flow of dual-use items.
Idle industries have cast workers into unemployment, human misery and personal indignity.
Through discussion the divisions between them have been healed over.
(Number of formal partnerships between UNEP and major groups and stakeholders)
17. Ms. González López (El Salvador) said that compliance with international humanitarian law was essential in order to limit the destructive consequences of war and to protect and assist all of its direct and indirect victims.
The Unit collects information through trained staff members, who are located in the regional offices of the Security Section in Iraq.
A. Introduction
Tony Leung Ka-fai
Government leaders or foreign ministers from the 12 eurozone countries are being urged to bypass finance ministers to push jointly for single eurozone representation at financial organisations such as the IMF.
He shall submit a similar report to the General Assembly, to be referred to the Second Committee for consideration of its technical cooperation aspects and also to the Third Committee.
Investigations had documented that those responsible for the racketeering were leaders of the Frente Polisario, supported by officials within the Algerian Government, yet the illegal trade continued to thrive.
Moreover, the Council has yet to take any action, such as sending international observers to the occupied territories, to protect Palestinian civilians under Israeli occupation and to maintain a measure of peace and stability.
410. The Committee was briefed by its working group (Ms. Schöpp-Schilling, Ms. Gabr and Ms. Dairiam) on the review of its guidelines for preparation of reports by States parties under article 18 of the Convention, in the light of the acceptance, by the inter-committee meeting, of the revised harmonized reporting guidelines under international human rights treaties, including guidelines on a common core document and treaty-specific documents (HRI/MC/2006/3; see also A/61/38, part three, para. 636).
The finding, which is not a subtle finding, is that liking goes up in the three group and liking goes down in the ten group.
Her mother put on a deprecating look.
My "P-6" colleagues and I have undertaken to operate in as transparent a manner as possible to facilitate the work of the Conference.
Mount Brounov
Ben needs more muscles like I need another cock.
I had a marked increase in muscle definition which, for a man, would be desirable.
5. While precise figures are not available, it is generally accepted by the United Nations that from 2 million to 3.5 million women and girls live with obstetric fistula.
State Bar of California
So any vote based on the ideas sketched in Macron’s various speeches is unlikely to turn out favorably.
The viscoelasticity of metacarpophalangea joints of thumb to get from fresh corpses was studied to provide parameter of biomechanics for clinic.
1. Attacks against representatives of foreign States or officials of international organizations enjoying international protection, or the official premises, housing or means of transport of persons enjoying international protection, if such actions are directed at provoking war or complicating international relations, shall be punishable by imprisonment for 5 to 10 years.
Also, in the Macao Polytechnic Institute, the majority of students in the 2001/2002 school year were female. Of a total of 2,237 students, 1,333 were females.
History has proved time and again that, without the unification of the country and social stability, there will be no prosperity for the country, and the people will not be able to live and work in peace and contentment.
(b) Note by the Secretariat entitled "Analytical summary of the replies to the questionnaire on possible legal issues with regard to aerospace objects" (A/AC.105/C.2/L.249 and Corr.1).
The little girl succeeded in holding  back her tears.
He thanked the Member States for their engagement in the process and for their valuable feedback.
Denmark (1)
She drew attention to a conference room paper containing several revisions that was before the members of the Committee.
(b) Both programmes called for institutional action that would respond to the needs and demands of the many different categories of women served, but they had made little progress in that regard.
But the clandestine alliance with South Africa undermined Israel's rightful claim on U.S. admiration and support.
Consequently, the territory was placed under the jurisdiction of the United States Navy which controlled access to it and appointed its Governor until 1951.
The review of the bail scheme was not completed during the period under review.
Where is the Caribbean Sea?
Regrettably, the net ODA to developing nations declined from $58.5 billion in 1994 to $48.5 billion in 1999.
3. While many of the actions requested should be seen as of an ongoing and long-term nature, the present report highlights progress in implementing key provisions of the agreed conclusions 2002/1 requiring follow-up by the Council and the United Nations, in accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/264 and 50/227.
Discussion on checking calculation for strength of the soft underlying subsoil of a foundation
Xiao Li took her work seriously.
In addition to visits to stakeholder agencies, a one-day workshop was organized for more than 100 experts from the Nigerian disaster management community.
hat if they don't?
Their budget has increased by 0.9 per cent.
Lila: Badminton is more fun and I can keep fit.
Focus on your own goals, and refuse to let others make their problems your own.
66. CRC welcomed the constitutional provision to allocate at least 5 and 6 per cent of the gross domestic product to health and education, respectively.
Sukma Games
Sahraoui Ayache was arrested without a warrant and was not informed of the reasons for his arrest or the charges against him.
24. This framework will provide basic guidance and toolkits to assess impact using a flexible mix of quantitative and qualitative methods that are commensurate with the level of available resources. This will include methods to understand the proximate causes of good or bad performance or result, so as to provide useful indications for future benchmarking, correction or adjustment.
According to local bureau requirements, completes personnel data statistic and related reports.
II. Prospecting
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the UNDP 18/07/2003 Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme on the activities of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (under items 99 and 112)
www.un.org/arabic/esa
Despite inadequate resources, the commission was doing everything possible to accomplish its difficult task.
That rope will answer our purpose.
While there is an effort to enforce the Law on Combating the Trafficking of Women and Exploitation of Women by Prostitution, some negative impact has occurred.
 15. A similar trend of combining the efforts of different government agencies has been observed when addressing the problems of urban squatters, rural poor and deinstitutionalized persons. [9] The development and improvement of their capabilities has been seen as a means of alleviating poverty.
Staff members are required to uphold and respect the principles set out in the Charter of the United Nations, including faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the human person and in the equal rights of men and women.
The increase in population density and new developments in industrial technology are constantly intensifying old problems.
28. The decline in market liquidity, inter alia, resulting from a fall in the growth of money supply, in most ESCWA member countries during the first half of 2000 was matched by a similar fall in the growth rate of bank credit and bank liquidity.
I wish to draw your attention to a grave act of terrorism perpetrated this afternoon in the Israeli coastal city of Netanya.
This is the only state measure to support entrepreneurship where preference is given to projects submitted by women entrepreneurs.
Winehouse could have died from any number of things, from suicide to homicide to an unknown medical condition.
The terrorists seem to have used knives to shave some victims’ fingers like pencils, he said, forcing them to write their names in their own blood.
Rule 33
Most illegally sourced and traded wood is either not considered or not recognized as contraband by customs officials, or is falsely declared as legally sourced and traded wood, or mixed inside paper and pulp.
"Recognizing the concern over the transfer and/or transaction of assets of illicit origin, and stressing the need to address this concern consistent with the principles of chapter V of the United Nations Convention against Corruption,
Intuitive user interface
OK,look at me. Last clue for all the points.
Electronic notice boards for meetings
Shanghai Meritec Info - Technology Corp. Limited. All Right Reserved.
A Pivot to the People
Report by the Secretariat
68/290. Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo
A/HRC/19/61/Add.3.
99. The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of section 1, Overall policy-making, executive direction and coordination, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, subject to the following modifications, as well as the provisions in the foreword and introduction:
(i) The United Nations is transitioning from the use of the United Nations system accounting standards to IPSAS, which will guide the presentation of the financial statements of the United Nations, including those of the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals, commencing from the 2014 financial year.
33. A summary of the posts approved for the biennium 2006–2007, the current vacancy situation, the Secretary-General’s proposals regarding posts for the biennium 2008–2009 and the additional posts requested as a result of the strengthening exercise for the biennium 2008–2009 is provided below.
The main benefits of internationalization for this SME included market expansion, increased profitability, and exposure to, and confidence in, regionalization and internationalization.
Thursday, 11 December a.m.
However, the evolution of machines has been slow compared to that of power semiconductor devices and power electronic converters.
In addition, the Administration for the Prevention of Money-Laundering was established and it represents the financial intelligence agency of an administrative type.
In the autumn I gathered all my sorrows and buried them in my garden.
At that time, the Board decided to postpone its decision on the proposed amendment to article 35 bis to the fifty-seventh session in 2010.
Article 13
(c) To strengthen cooperation and accelerate conclusion of agreements with neighbouring countries in order to ensure respect for the rights of these children, as well as their protection and education.
Traditional and modern curriculum outlook has differences in four aspects.
"Gravely concerned also at the negative impact of war on the promotion of sustainable development in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Great Lakes region,
Gate, fire doors, extendable doors, security doors production.
26. Invited Poland to consider the ratification of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities as well as its Optional Protocol (Mexico);
Tell her I was axing at her.
Tom Did you really sell your car
Human Rights Council
The Conference adopted the Ministerial Declaration to "Get Every One in the Picture" in Asia and the Pacific, and endorsed the Regional Action Framework on Civil Registration and Vital Statistics in Asia and the Pacific.
Hence, a support staff at the General Service (Other level) is requested to provide the needed dedicated capacity.
38. Canada welcomed the indefinite extension of the Treaty, adopted without a vote in 1995.
Development of 12 strategic threat assessments, 12 follow-up operational threat assessments and 17 individual threat assessments to support 12 peacekeeping operations
Climate Change for an amendment to the Kyoto Protocol
In the West Bank, UNRWA continued its tertiary education programmes.
Increasing support to enhance agricultural production and productivity;
Through the shine of white light , drain the impurities of your cell from your capillaries.
The reasons for this could be numerous.
I'll meet you later, And Yo, Omar!
A part of these stations broadcast local and regional programmes that can be watched by the majority of the Lithuanian population.
This initial training was usually followed by advanced professional training courses.
Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories
18. The Provisional Urban Council and Provisional Regional Council each comprise 50 members. Members include all elected members of the former Urban Council and the Regional Council.
13. At its fifty-fourth session, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), to increase the membership of the Committee on Information from 93 to 95 and appointed Liberia and Mozambique as members of the Committee.
Contents
Objective To explore the effect of laser treatment on ischemic type of center retinal vein occlusion.
It was impractical to think that we could build the house in one month.
 Considering that the international community and the Government of Rwanda must follow closely and continue to support all efforts to consolidate peace, ensure full respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and undertake the reconstruction of Rwanda,
I would like to express my appreciation to Mr. Paschke for his groundbreaking efforts in implementing the General Assembly resolution which created the Office, and for his dedication in establishing the Office as an integral part of the management culture of the Organization.
Since its first dispatch of military observers to the UN peacekeeping activities in 1990, the PLA of China has successively taken part in 10 UN peace-keeping operations.So far it has sent more than 650 mili-tary observers, liaison officers, advisors or staff officers and 800 (in two batches) engineering officers and men to the UN peacekeeping operations.
But substantive commitment and work must continue in providing humanitarian assistance, as well as in restoring law and order.
I have the honour to transmit to the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council a report on the main decisions and policy recommendations of the Committee on World Food Security.
In any event, in the absence of a shared understanding of needs, it would have been surprising to see agreement on whether there is sufficient international support at hand to meet them.
64. While the increased focus on tax and development issues has had the beneficial effect of encouraging additional actors with additional ideas and approaches to enter the field, there is an attendant risk that uncoordinated and perhaps conflicting responses might dim the fervour of both donors and recipients.
Irrespective of whether a comprehensive calendar is adopted, the follow-up procedures could be simplified and improved.
general information on the national rules and requirements for transfers of AVM, and information on these transfers.
At its sixtieth session, the General Assembly called upon African States that had not yet done so to sign and ratify the African Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty (Treaty of Pelindaba) as soon as possible so that it might enter into force without delay; and expressed its appreciation to the nuclear-weapon States that had signed the Protocols that concerned them, and called upon those that had not yet ratified the Protocols concerning them to do so as soon as possible (resolution 60/49).
The sensible and practical thing to do would be to bite the bullet and say, "I'm terribly sorry, my memory is so bad
IMO, Council, 108th session
1) If you don't mind my asking.
Europeans ate their way through the island nation of Mauritius, most famously eliminating the dodo bird.
They are usually regarded as spiritual victims of fast - paced jobs which deprive them of learning time.
Supported by the Committee, its experts and the Office for Disarmament Affairs, notable efforts and supporting activities have also been provided, in particular by the African Union, the Caribbean Community and Common Market, the European Union and OAS.
Yes please. Do you have any teas?
UNDP Yemen
A medical certificate had been issued to the effect that he was beaten at the police station, but as the mayor and villagers reported that Ahmed Mustafov drank and had previously been involved in brawls, and because he had not sought medical care for three days after his detention, it was suspected that his injuries might not have been received at the police station.
Reference is made to the recommendations contained in the foregoing documents, since one objective of this guidance is to illustrate the convergence of opinion on the content of corporate governance disclosures.
13. The situation in Afghanistan (24 January 1994; 22 December 2010).
Similarly, it emphasized that it would never use, nor had it previously used, its Darfur-based aviation assets to target its own people.
Last week, news reports in South Korea said a team of Chinese doctors went to North Korea to visit Mr. Kim and other government officials.
Human body is the overall structure of artistic expression in an important part of the correct body posture is a beautiful performing arts an important prerequisite for the perfect or not.
Thursday, 6 November 2008, from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
(g) are leaders of, have provided support to, or acted for or on behalf of or at the direction of, an entity that the Committee has designated pursuant to this paragraph or paragraph 36 of this resolution;
That stance of the Committee had been reinforced in March 2013 by Human Rights Council resolution 22/21, in which the Council had called upon States to not only provide redress for victims of torture but to ensure that victims were fully involved in the process to help them rebuild their lives and reintegrate into society.
80. The Office of the Ombudsman has raised with the Office of Human Resources Management concerns from separated or divorced staff members regarding which of the parents should receive the benefits for their dependent children.
During the period 2001-2006, 38 women graduated from the Presidential Academy for the Development of State and Society and 11 from the Business Academy; since graduation they have been working in managerial positions in various fields.
A. Informal pre-session consultations
An abundant number's sum of factors is greater than the number, and a deficient number's sum of factors is less.) Listing 1 shows the Scala version
The ticket price of the slow train is lower than that of the fast train.
The Office manages field operations through two hub locations in Iraq and has a national presence in 12 of the country's 18 governorates.
The first task requires a stable and secure political order in which contracts are enforced, disputes are resolved, and the social order is backed by a consensus.
This review mainly focuses on the molecular mechanism of protein transportation to the nucleus and recent progresses.
At that meeting, the core membership of an ad hoc steering committee was established, comprising individuals and institutions from the Russian Federation (Institute of Astronomy of the Russian Academy of Sciences), France (Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS)), United States (NASA, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the Minor Planet Center), Germany (DLR), ESA and its Space Situational Awareness programme; the Netherlands Institute for Space Research (SRON), Italy (Institute for Space Astrophysics and Planetology) and the International Astronomical Union (IAU) and the Chair of the Action Team on Near-Earth Objects.
47. States Parties noted the role played by relevant international organisations, in close cooperation and coordination with the States Parties under the provisions of the Convention, in the provision of assistance and coordination, including, inter alia, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the Food and Agriculture Organization, the World Organization for Animal Health, the World Customs Organization, and the International Criminal Police Organization.
18. Cooperation between SELA and UNIDO during the period under review consisted, for the most part, in the continuous exchange of information on studies and reports of meetings and workshops held in the region.
China proposes that two or three sessions of the preparatory committee be convened so that an in-depth, detailed discussion of matters related to the conference can be held to ensure the success of the conference.
UNIFEM support to anti-trafficking initiatives in the South Asia region has made possible a review of anti-trafficking laws aimed at identifying gender-discriminatory provisions in four countries, and support to India's National Human Rights Commission for the collection of sex-disaggregated data has made it possible to map the profiles of victims, traffickers and customers for the first time.
Long Hills
344. As noted below, the Organization suffered a loss of $5,567.83 while at the same time it was at risk of not being able to account, in whole or in part, for the amount advanced for quick impact projects totalling $32,518.87:
Q4
Briefing by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict
The Social Insurance Law, promulgated in 2010, required the State to set up a basic social security system.
New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support
Enforced or involuntary disappearances
13. In 2011, the ILO Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (ILO Committee of Experts) noted that the Government had not taken the opportunity of the revision of the Education Act 2008 to prohibit discrimination in education on the basis of all the grounds listed in article 1, paragraph 1 (a) of ILO Convention No. 111.
CARE Austria also has consulted with officials of the United Nations Secretariat, and has cooperated at the field level in former Yugoslavia in attending security briefings and coordination meetings.
(a) Partial disability: 24 monthly instalments of the base figure for temporary disability;
October 2006
Smith was set up in business by a relative.
E. Expenditure for contingent-owned equipment: major equipment and self-sustainment
25. Based on the Secretary-General's conclusion that UNDC-5 was no longer a realistic option for the foreseeable future (A/60/550 and Corr.1-2, para. 6 (a)), alternatives for swing space were explored and were incorporated in the strategic options examined by the Secretary-General for implementing the project (see ibid., paras. 8-12).
1. Election of officers
 The elements of those programmes were elaborated in the addendum to the LDCs 1996 Report.
Objective was to explore the alteration of the bone tissue of condyle after SSRO.
Also on 21 July 2005, the public hall of the Hongkong Post Philatelic Bureau will be open from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. for datestamping covers with the "Philatelic Bureau" pictorial postmark, the GPO-1 postmark and the special postmark.
The European sovereign debt crisis of 2010 came at a time when confidence in the agencies had already been shaken by previous rating debacles.
The campus blue grows apparel in the sometimes very much skirt, more moment is low-keyed jeans.
35. Ms. Shin welcomed the additional information provided on the amendment to the Civil Code which provided that the offender rather than the victim should leave the family home. She wished to know whether domestic violence was taken seriously as a crime or still seen more as a private issue.
The mechanism by which this extraordinary discovery can be explained is starting to be revealed.
Ask you to try the tight embracing the oneself tightly, shut worthy of a look, like?
CAT recommended that Burundi urgently bring all places of detention under judicial control, consider establishing a national system to monitor all places of detention, and facilitate access of NGOs to places of detention, while the independent expert called for unhindered access of human rights observers to all detention facilities.
Glycine
They load the finished products directly to the trucks.
...     Nor do I wish to be misinterpreted as believing that the United States is free-for-all and devil-take-the-hind-most.
90 per cent of OIOS reports are submitted to the General Assembly in accordance with required deadlines
Verdabbio
This resolution emphasizes the importance the Council attaches to the need for a detailed analysis of UNOSOM II's mandate and very future.
One might question why GDP in China, where per capita income recently surpassed $7,000, is set to grow so much more slowly than Japan’s did from 1956 to 1970, when the Japanese economy, with per capita income starting from about $7,000, averaged 9.7% annual growth.
1. Belarus believes that the two-hundredth anniversary is an occasion to honour the memory of those who died as a result of slavery and slavery-related practices, and to acknowledge that the legacy of slavery -- human trafficking and other contemporary forms of slavery, racism, xenophobia and bigotry -- continue to affect people of different racial descent on all continents.
52. The United Nations Development Group has worked to increase incentives for inter-agency work through performance appraisal instruments, as well as the recruitment and capacity development of resident coordinators.
A system and methods are shown for  providing  Internet Protocol communication services to a mobile client.
You think you can hide the truth from me? I know everything!
38. Camp services vehicles.
It was a sheer gamble
10. One of the key findings was that understanding the specific ways in which developing countries and least developed countries adapt ICTs such as open source software and social networks for building capabilities is critical.
(iii) "Governance";
In February 2010, Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Strategic Affairs of Israel Moshe Ya'alon visited China.
Hemigrapsus sanguineus
17. Solutions exist for the safe and secure management of spent fuel and radioactive waste, and research and development is under way for improved solutions.
:: the brokering of dual-use goods, if the case in point has a connection to WMD programmes.
Arken Museum of Modern Art
Most of these children were detained in army barracks and base camps and did not have any contact with their families.
Contents
It noted the progress in promoting and protecting human rights, particularly the rights of children, women, ethnic groups and people with disabilities and the achievements in education, housing, poverty reduction, health care and development.
On the basis of the encouraging results of the pilot study carried out in the Anantapur district, a nationwide project entitled "Integrated mission for sustainable development" had been launched in 172 districts spread over the whole country.
This decision, which ushered in a new historical phase of regional cooperation, is of great importance to the establishment and maintenance of peace and stability and the creation of an inclusive environment for cooperation in the SCO region.
A total annual expenditure of $52 million for local development in LDCs is projected for 2007, while non-core resources would have increased to $43 million and project size would be increased to an average of $5 million.
In order to be taken into account, however, it had to be submitted within the working hours established for the issuance of statements by the courts.
 Two useful programmes or procedures are being proposed for United Nations projects.
You can't use a non - boolean as if it were in a logical expression asin CC ++.
(e) To emphasize that forensic laboratories and the results and data they produce are an integral part of national drug control and criminal justice systems and enable a timely response to emerging issues, and to support UNODC in providing quality assurance support to forensic laboratories and in contributing to the establishment of forensic best practices.
But the potential for antitrust abuse through the tying of vertical services to search raises clear concerns.
I was nearly killed in the accident.
[27 May 2009]
109. Given its geographical size, dense population and limited land and natural resources, Singapore has tight immigration policies to keep the population size manageable.
Let the world know: the Olympic spirit is added a unity because of we Chinese, and together, we build and develop it!
367. The Group also received credible reports of systematic killing of civilians by FARDC forces deployed in the area of Nyabiondo, North Kivu (in the villages of Lukweti, Ndorumo, Buboa, Butsindo, Mashango, Kinyumba and Lwibo) during the period of March to September 2009.
She wondered how the future ASEAN Inter-Governmental Commission on Human Rights could help Myanmar to become a genuine democracy, and would like to know more about the technical assistance which the country needed, according to the Special Rapporteur, in order to improve the situation of prisoners of conscience and reform its judicial system.
In conclusion, modern civilizations have found themselves in a deplorable isolation from the world and from one another.
Pedagogical workers and directors of schools of all types, of secondary specialized, professional, and institutions of higher learning, as well as disabled persons are entitled to vacations that are set at 35 calendar days (Article 8, Turkmenistan law "On vacations").
Organization of African Unity (OAU)
How they sound is secondary.
United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti: countries providing military staff and contingents
D. Inter-agency mechanism: GESAMP
The highest amount was found in the plastic fraction of EE-appliances (125 mg/kg).
:: Fifty-first session of the Commission on the Status of Women, New York, 2007
He offered a suggestion to improve the plan.
According to the OECD, 14% of the working-age population in Spain and Greece in recent years was employed but still in poverty.
40. Countries in sub-Saharan Africa will continue to receive priority, given the high incidence of the disease in the countries of the region.
The rest of the section provides an overview of major initiatives and regulations that propose social indicators.An overview of some of these initiatives is provided below.
(f) The successful implementation of securities lending and collateral management and the monitoring and accounting thereof.
We welcome the entry into force of both the UN Convention against Transnational Organised Crime and the supplementary Protocol on Trafficking in Persons, especially Women and Children.
Article 26
The goal was to strike a balance such that action to combat trafficking would not penalize honest citizens wishing to obtain a visa.
Carry out public expropriations
Those big things over there are the dryers.
Nor will these measures suffice to ensure lasting gains; real progress will depend upon complementary bilateral support, both during and after this one-year consolidation phase.
This need is particularly relevant given the ongoing consultations on the post-2015 development agenda.
34. A gender perspective should be adopted in all processes of policy formulation and implementation and in the delivery of services, especially in sexual and reproductive health, including family planning.
18 December 2012
Add 2 teaspoons vinegar to the boiling milk, at which point the milk should turn into curds and whey.
Men earnt 25 per cent more than their wives in 2002 compared with 45 per cent more in 1970.
The Committee is also concerned at the criminalization of abortion and the absence of exceptions in cases of rape or incest.
" The farmers say they lose more than 20 pounds a pig after unprecedented rises in feed prices fuelled by soaring global cereal prices due to higher fuel costs, competition from biofuels, increased demand from Asia and drought in Australia
India has long imposed price ceilings on a wide range of goods.
Opening plenary
Rio Group Troika - - Russian Federation (ministerial meeting)
HPLC method for determination of paeoniflorin Siwu tablets was established.
Treaty event
:: 100 media interviews and press conferences, including on mission-specific topics and conduct and discipline, military, police, and security issues
Fifty years ago, with great energy, grand vision and a considerable measure of optimism, the world embarked upon a high-minded journey to end the scourge of war, eliminate poverty and create a world of freedom and justice for all.
Maximum Domestic Plot Ratio
 28. The General Assembly in its resolution 50/113 invited Governments as well as relevant regional and subregional organizations to consider undertaking reviews of progress achieved since the Rio Conference at the national, subregional, regional and interregional levels with a view to contributing to the preparations for the special session.
Canada
The existence for the organization of a distinct legal personality does not exclude the possibility of a certain conduct being attributed both to the organization and to one or more of its members or to all its members.
The Council of the European Union had adopted a recommendation on establishing a youth guarantee so that people under the age of 25 years would receive an offer of employment, continued education, an apprenticeship or a traineeship within four months of becoming unemployed or leaving formal education.
In October 1997, the three parties signed a memorandum of understanding establishing a tripartite hospital project board, agreeing that an international management team would carry out the pre-commissioning and commissioning of the hospital, which would ultimately become part of the Palestinian Authority health-care system.
Interact Worldwide International Alert
 There were also many spontaneous demonstrations of support, which were often attended by hundreds and in some cases thousands of people.
Michael! Michael, listen, We can do this together, okay?
The Policy, Planning and Coordination Unit will promulgate common policies and standards in all parts of the security management system.
With regard to Burundi, the Monitoring and Tracking Mechanism of the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding was adopted in December 2007, and the focus was changed to implementation.
The actual price paid or due to be paid by the Contractor, on the direction of the Engineer, and in accordance with the Sub-Contract;
The Committee adopted draft decision A/C.4/60/L.3 without a vote.
But the contrast doesn't necessarily enhance infrared images, and once snow falls, the opposite is true.: |  |  |  |  |  |
10 June-5 July 2002
(a) Compatibility and interoperability
Thirteenth session
A regional course is organized regularly (once a year).
I'm an expert at taking off bras. I could do it with one hand.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
Normal level of read and written English.
Jesus was teaching that this was a private act of sacrificial worship that should not provide any room for religious pride.
2.16 On 15 April 2002, the author filed a suit with the Labour Court of Frankfurt, claiming (1) Euro162,068.93 compensation for the difference between his salary and that of a professor with the status of civil servant for the time between 1 March 1991 and his retirement on 31 August 2002 plus Euro18,359.92 interest; (2) payment of a civil servant pension as of 1 September 2002 equal to the pension that he would have been entitled to had he been appointed as civil servant for lifetime on 1 March 1991; and (3) compensation (plus 4 per cent interest p.a.) for any contributions to the health and infirmity insurance schemes to be paid by him as of 1 September 2002, from which civil servants are exempted, until such time that his entitlement to civil servant allowances has been ascertained by final decision.
But the combination of increasing longevity, mounting pension liabilities and growing skills shortages has discouraged these practices and retraining programmes are growing in prominence. VI. Human rights of older persons
When the Renminbi is used to repay all public or private debts within the territory of the People's Republic of China, no units or individuals may refuse to accept it.
There is no clear evidence, however, that in countries with increasing working-age populations, savings rates are moving up with demographic change.
A lot of birds flew over the school yesterday.
There will be things you disagree on  how will you handle this
Calculated loss is less than loss alleged.
(ii) Proposed the insertion of "in accordance with obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women" after "economic and political life".
The brave man lost his life for the country.
- HK$2,685 per 1% rise in segregation of rich and poor students into different schools
However, studies have shown that the social return of investments in research and development often far exceeds the private return.
Any representative may, in accordance with rule 53 of the draft provisional rules of procedure of the Conference (see A/CONF.219/IPC/L.2), make a statement in a language other than the six official languages.
I have little doubt that the democratic process will ensure inclusiveness rather than fragmentation.
(c) Study to determine whether climate change policies and projects adhere to the standards in the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (Paimaneh Hastaie and Hassan Id Balkassm);
Addendum
III. Security and safety of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon
Surano says the strain of posing for the painting have triggered an attack of teeth grinding.
Except his mild little wife there was not a thing with any pretensions to attractiveness about this household.
The details should include the contents of the container or equipment (exact counts of equipment or volume of liquid), the type of waste, the name of the site from which it originated so as to allow traceability, the date of repackaging where appropriate and the name and telephone number of the responsible person.
On 7 September, the President of CNDD-FDD called on the Imbonerakure to rid the movement of members who tarnish the name of the group and stressed the need for the Imbonerakure to respect members of other political parties.
33. For the purpose of preparing Repertory studies, there are certain electronic resources available for conducting searches of the Organization's documentation.
The new law, adopted on 12 September, was designed to ensure that the electoral system and the resulting Parliament reflect Iraq's social and ethnic diversity, while continuing to provide guarantees for women and opportunities for minorities.
However the panel accepted Beijing 's argument that its criminal laws were strong enough to deter piracy.
Violet opened the door and walked into the room.
It is the Inspectors' view that the issue of cost sharing should be addressed in the framework of revisiting the ECOSOC resolution (see recommendation 1 above).
117. In the area of arts promotion, gender equality is one of the criteria to be considered in the assessment and recommendation of applications for funding.
The song is a simple lament about the exhaustion from a relentless pace of life that demands everything immediately.
It circled over the South, Riyaq and Baalbek before leaving at 0540 hours on 26 March over Alma al-Sha`b.
May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/63/L.27, as orally revised?
- OIOS -- Investigations Division (established in 2005)
Jean-Claude Trichet, the ECB's chief, has warned that the effect of dear oil on potential growth "should not be considered negligible" .
UNIDO could make a major contribution to the attainment of the Millennium Development Goals.
Requiring the consignor to declare that he employs reliable staff and has made his best endeavour to protect the consignments against unauthorized interference during preparation, storage, and transportation and agrees that the packaging and contents of his consignments may be examined for security reasons.
18. With regard to conference-servicing, additional resources of $32,200 would be required in 1997 for interpretation and meetings services.
59. CESCR recommended that Peru extend the coverage of social security to all workers in the private sector and to persons with disabilities.
Narahara Shigeru
His parents have great expectations for his future.
82. Country Parties may wish to set national targets to reach the increasing trend envisaged by the overall targets of CONS-O-18.
Furthermore, charities are also entitled to claim tax repayments on income received on which tax has already been paid.
" "I can't tomorrow, Joe.
The company denied it copied its rival's analysis and said the similarities arose from fund managers' tendency to repeat themselves.
(i) Recurrent publications: four issues of the series Mujer y desarrollo, which will focus on: the human rights situation of women migrants (1); progress in women's access to financial and productive resources (1); the effects of technological change on gender equity (1); women's sexual and reproductive rights (1);
鈥淒o you understand what you're saying?鈥?he said in a trembling voice; 鈥渆xcept me, there has been no one else in the room.
he deserves a thread for what he's done for our club.
: (a computer) It says you need a password / It says you need a password; or a sign  It says turn left / It says turn left.It says . . . / )It says you need a password /   It says turn left /3.
Tables Abbreviations
Differentiate and adapt our approaches and methodologies according to the needs of countries at different stages of development.
We can only infer what nation people had in mind when they answered that question, Bouton said.
6. States parties reaffirmed the importance of promoting the peaceful uses of nuclear energy and international nuclear cooperation for peaceful purposes in ways consistent with the non-proliferation goal of the Treaty.
(a) Other substantive activities (regular budget and extrabudgetary):
4. In the light of fundability concerns, the 2006 Executive Committee-approved budget was reduced at the beginning of the year.
I'm nobody. I didn't do anything.
2. Expresses concern about the financial situation with regard to peacekeeping activities, in particular as regards the reimbursement of troop contributors, which bear additional burdens owing to overdue payments by Member States of their assessments;
Sustained by her motives, she felt no more concern for the consequences than did her companion.
E. Development and use of electronic databases
Want to set up a $100-million credit default swap on the bank of your choice?
k. Relationship between competitiveness and technological development in Caribbean countries;
(d) Allowing tracing electronic communications in "real time" across multiple jurisdictions; and
Remember when Charlie Sheen thought he was a big deal breaking Twitter records?
The relevant stakeholders should continue to consider in all appropriate forums potential international modalities for sovereign debt restructuring.
By such Act, stalking is today a crime in Italy, which is aggravated if committed by the former partner or by the victim's husband or when it involves children.
It also recommended that priority should be given to enabling women to achieve financial independence, paying special attention to the fact that poverty particularly affected females and constituted the most widespread "act of violence" against women.
Chair: H.E. Ms. Enkhtsetseg Ochir, Permanent Representative of Mongolia to the United Nations
She claims to be a victim of violations by Turkey of her rights under article 1; article 2, paragraphs (a) and (c); article 5, paragraph (a); and article 11, paragraphs 1 (a) and (d), of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (Convention).
As you know, in my report on the relationship between the United Nations and regional organizations, I recommended the establishment of regional offices of the Secretariat.
In several countries, training has been provided to sensitize teachers on violence against women, gender equality and human rights (Djibouti, Ecuador, Mexico, Slovakia, Spain and Turkmenistan).
The development and implementation of the new Alberta Relationship Threat Assessment Initiative commenced in June 2006.
Sitting in the chariot was the great King of Chu.
For example, the implementation of a number of IAEA technical cooperation projects have contributed to improving our radiotherapy services, an important component in Cuba's programme to combat cancer that it has carried out for a number of years.
As indicated in the report, during the biennium, the Fund achieved its target of 3.5 per cent of real rate of return with 11.8 per cent nominal return.
Mine detection and mine-clearing equipment
Para. 23: Development of alternative measures to imprisonment; ensure trials without unreasonable delay; measures to improve conditions and reduce overcrowding in prisons and detention facilities (arts. 7, 9 and 10).
On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas, that for far too long have strangled our politics.
59. There are various study and vocational training centres that provide further and vocational training for staff of the State agencies and whose programmes include human rights promotion and protection.
At the 40th meeting, on 15 April 2002, the High Commissioner made a statement in relation to the status of the preparations for a visiting mission to the occupied Palestinian territory pursuant to Commission resolution 2002/1.
Submission of verification reports
When peoples and nations feel inextricably mired in poverty and face bleak prospects for development, they are insecure about their future.
Sustained access to clean and safe injection equipment and easy and comprehensive access to male and female condoms are not just important, but are essential tools to stop the epidemic.
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR)
Bishop Fisher,I assume.
Transitional Federal Government: corruption and loss of authority
13. As of April 2006, 3,474 `self-reliance groups' (SRGs) had been established by the community development projects.
The latest Pew Global Attitudes Project survey shows a marked deterioration of sentiment towards China in western Europe, too.
29 March 1984
As the Preparatory Commission has already approved the Agreement, the latter will enter into force on the date the General Assembly approves it.
I agreed with the last two objections; the hit on legal immigrants was particularly harsh and, I thought, unjustifiable.
You were knocked out cold, and a head wound coupled with alcohol can be serious.
At first this was a novelty but soon people forgot the world had once been all violet.
Working paper submitted by China
19.54 During the biennium 2010-2011, projected extrabudgetary resources of $3,149,000 under the subprogramme will: (a) finance the participation of experts and participants from countries with economies in transition in the Energy Security Forum to review energy security risks, financial market reactions and potential energy policy responses; (b) implement activities of the project on financing energy efficiency investment for climate change mitigation; (c) implement the project on the promotion and development of a market-based gas industry in economies in transition (Gas Centre); and (d) implement other technical assistance and capacity-building projects in the countries of the ECE region.
The project continued through 2011 and 2012.
29. As part of the reform process of UNODC, the Independent Evaluation Unit was established in August 2003 in the Division for Policy Analysis and Public Affairs.
1. The Kosovo Energy Corporation (KEK)
So would you please go to the drug store and get me some headache medicine quickly Quick
This is a nice light room.
Therefore thus says the Holy One of Israel, "Since you have rejected this word And have put your trust in oppression and guile, and have relied on them
E. Outreach and Capacity-Building
Office maintenance and services
The diversity of ageing in the region means that different policy responses are called for in different countries depending on their current and expected levels of ageing.
4. Noting that SMEs’ financial needs must be matched with appropriate financial instruments and programmes;
DINAH: How are you MARTIN: Fine, thanks
Meuse communes
22 October 2010
C. Diplomatic skills and international expertise
The Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. Sha Zukang, will address the Committee.
The rapid alkalinization factor (RALF) gene is a new found plant polypeptide signal molecule wide spreading in higher plants.
30 April 2009
Weird Fact: A mouse can fit through a hole the size of a ballpoint pen During the summer months, mice will generally live outside and remain contended there.
It should indicate the plans that it has to limit the effect of reservations and ultimately withdraw them and, whenever possible, specify a timetable for withdrawing them.
Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
It was also concerned about repeated reports of domestic violence, female deaths due to domestic violence, sexual harassment and suicides.
Cheng Kuei-lien
Indeed, it would most likely prove to be a strategic boon to the “resistance axis” – Iran and Hezbollah.
13. Atlas user security and internal controls.
(ii) The United Nations Medical Director or a medical practitioner designated by the United Nations Medical Director; and
Israel has carried out these activities in spite of the fact that the Security Council has reaffirmed the applicability of the Fourth Geneva Convention to these activities in 27 resolutions that request the occupying Power to comply with its provisions, some of which specifically request the cessation of settlement activities and consider the annexation of East Jerusalem to be null and void.
WFP
With regard to prisons, the recommendations usually refer to the separation of the various categories of prisoners (pretrial/convicted, male/female, minors/adults, in accordance with the relevant international standards), the material conditions in prisons (adequate living space, food and drinking water of adequate quality and in sufficient quantity, etc.) and methods of discipline and punishment, with particular attention to conditions of isolation.
49. The United Nations Office in Central Africa (UNOCA), the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force-United Nations Counter-Terrorism Centre and the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate are partnering in a project to implement and convert the road map for counter-terrorism and non-proliferation of arms in Central Africa through an integrated counter-terrorism strategy for Central African States.
Our daughter is a great dancer, she stands out above the rest.
Provisional agenda for the 6454th meeting of the Security Council
In order to allow sentenced offenders to provide reparation for victims, a range of measures can be applied, including probation and work release, as well as community service, bearing in mind that non-custodial measures also help to alleviate prison overcrowding.
South-South flows are particularly important in inward FDI to many least developed countries.
Although some work has been done to date, notably the preparation of the GEF/UNDP Resource Kit, there is further progress to be made in the development of robust and appropriate indicators for climate change capacity-building.
Economic and Social Council
The government should rather limit its interventions to clear cases of market failure, and should make efforts to minimize government failures where its interventions are warranted.
Narrative justifications, together with the biographical and other data necessary to enable the Committee to take appropriate measures to freeze assets and prevent travel, were also provided.
** E/CN.15/2013/1.
She put her foot down and left home with the baby.
Although proponents of deregulation continued to stress its benefits, criticism of how deregulation had actually worked in practice mounted.
The inflation rate for various non-staff objects of expenditure such as utilities, maintenance and supplies is based on forecasts of price index movements by the Austrian Institute for Economic Research, or on assumed inflation trends at the locations of field offices.
Washington, D.C.
Construction
Thus, the artificial fermentation Cordyceps fungal substance can substitute for the natural Chinese caterpillar fungus to be consumed.
20. Underlines that MONUC shall deter any attempt at the use of force to threaten the Goma and Nairobi processes from any armed group, particularly in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and undertake all necessary operations to prevent attacks on civilians and disrupt the military capability of armed groups that continue to use violence in that area;
Flying Monkey King's dream has finally become a reality, at the same time, the birth of a new dream.
Later, that cruel farmer got married and had three children.
3 562b
No social group is discriminated with regard to the access to ARV treatment.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/66/L.18 and Add.1)]
I 4) scribbled it on the back of an envelope, and discussed it with 5) Alastair .
Other meetings
When clouds abruptly darken the sky, when turns suddenly occupy the road, I have to go.
I wish to order the products of all the friends please contact us by the following discussion, we will contact you to loyal cooperation, create brilliant future!
At the same time, funding for humanitarian assistance and protection should continue.
Agenda item 146: United Nations Decade of International Law (continued)
And another also said, Lord, I will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.
Intellectual property filings by office and income group
It should be recalled that on 7 June 1981 this site, dedicated as it was to nuclear research for peaceful purposes, was the target of a brutal attack by the military aircraft of the Zionist entity and that the site had at that time been placed under the IAEA safeguards regime.
Further to that document, views submitted by Parties in accordance with decision VI/41, paragraph 24, on the scale of assessments for the Basel Convention Trust Fund are contained in document UNEP/CHW.7/26/Add.2.
They are faced with the threatened loss of their land and livelihood as the planned security wall will destroy vineyards, groves and orchards and separate them from their land.
Director High Commissioner
10. Notes that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its thirty-fifth session, continued its work as mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56; See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/53/20), sect. II.C.
Extent of implementation of the New Delhi work programme on Article 6 of the Convention
And because I am happy and dance and sing.
Conclusion Preoperative renal artery chemotherapeutic embolization is a safe and effective method, and is very important to the treatment of the middle-advanced renal carcinoma.
International Youth Congress
Progress for women in the diplomatic service
(a) Ensure that development, fiscal and macroeconomic policies, particularly those related to aid, financial regulation and trade, are aligned to national development plans, internationally agreed development goals, human rights and environmental standards and obligations;
In general, the atmosphere of progress can be felt in society itself.
In an era when engineers and hobbyists tended to describe their machines with model numbers, he chose the name of a fruit, supposedly because of his dietary habits at the time.
Every day that passes witnesses more death, more destruction and the ongoing devastation of Palestinian society in all its aspects as the occupying Power continues to pursue this campaign of war crimes, State terrorism and systematic human rights violations against the Palestinian people.
290. No advance documentation and no proposals were submitted under item 14 (f).
Yes, I recall that.
It also just plays into the fears of people who are opposed to it.
It would have been desirable for the Secretary-General to have done likewise and specified the Secretariat's responsibilities.
45. The total requirement for rations had reached about $88.6 million in the period 2003/04.
23. In its work, the Commission appears to have followed the approach originally envisaged in its 1950 report to the General Assembly on ways and means for making the evidence of customary international law more readily available.
This advertising happens both in public and private groups depending upon the confidentiality of the network.
43. The office of the United Nations Centre for Regional Development in Hyogo, Japan, launched a training programme in Afghanistan to increase the capacities of the national and local governments by offering technical support to achieve safer construction practices.
143. The Heads of State or Government reaffirmed Lebanon's legitimate right to defend its territories and to liberate the remaining parts under Israeli occupation and demanded that Israel puts an end to its continuous: threats, aggression and violations of the Lebanese territories, air space and territorial waters.
Niger
These include activities of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, Oslo Group on Energy Statistics, Intersecretariat Working Group on Environment Statistics, OECD, Eurostat and the Economic Commission for Europe (ECE) related to the programme of work of the Committee.
Uruguay's long-standing tradition of defending those principles has allowed us to take a leading role in, among other areas, the protection and promotion of the rights of children.
IV. Working relationship with the joint evaluation units
1. The perpetrator used a flag of truce.
:: Operation and maintenance of 9 rotary-wing aircraft, comprising 8 military aircraft and one commercial aircraft
Desire by the complainant and the organisation concerned to resolve the dispute speedily.
Following a request from the Executive Board at its second regular session, 2002, this evaluation focused on UNDP performance and effectiveness in mainstreaming gender equality throughout the organization and its programmes.
In the field of social compensation, injured parties and their surviving dependants are able to receive housing assistance benefits in accordance with the War Victims Relief Act.
2. Seventy-seventh session
Brazil is fully committed to suppressing the financing of terrorist acts and actively participates in international efforts to combat money-laundering.
20. In addition, a variety of actors, including private educational institutions, Government agencies, domestic and multinational corporations and nongovernmental organizations, has emerged to fulfil national education and training needs.
273. The Antsirabe court of first instance has found an employer guilty of sexually harassing a woman employed under his authority and condemned him.
Redeployment
The theory of carburization and its control method in drop-feed atmosphere in well-type furnace are described briefly as well as the interaction among parameters of carburizing process.
25. The review confirmed the importance of organizational and senior management commitment to gender mainstreaming for capacity-building.
59. Here again, however, rapid improvements are possible if we learn from and build on success stories.
There are two schemes under the Social Banking facility; the Micro Credit and Agri. Finance schemes.
19. The Committee is concerned at (a) reports of police harassment, arbitrary arrest, ill-treatment and torture, including through sexual violence, perpetrated against persons on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity, including lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) persons; and (b) the authorities' more general failure to investigate allegations of sexual violence by officials, to punish perpetrators of such violence and to provide effective remedies to victims, as in the case of Ms. Zulhumor Tohtonazarova.
The Civil Aviation Authority, for example, has engaged in an extensive review of Aviation Security regulations, which included the drafting of amendments to the Safety (Security) Regulations and the Civil Aviation Offences Act in order to align with the standards and recommended practices of the Annex 17 (Aviation Security) to the Chicago Convention.
In general, it was the relevant United Nations country team, led by the humanitarian coordinator, which was best placed to identify the opportunities and constraints.
At the beginning, such information will include updates to contact information and other routine inputs, while later on, more advanced features, such as workspaces for the Bureaux, are to be added.
Maja squinado
48. Mr. Sinha (India) said that his delegation was gratified that the Under-Secretary-General in his statement had referred to dialogue with troop-contributing countries.
This is the lowest figure for the last five years.
In recent years, there had been a growing imbalance between the resources allocated to development activity and those spent on other activities, such as peace-keeping and emergency assistance.
Austria (millions of euros) Fiscal year: 2010
It also appears that, with the exception of Mr. Toala, none of the authors had ever been in New Zealand.
She would sit for hours, in her husband's favorite chair. While staring at his picture, and the roses sitting there.
Twenty-fourth session
I got this thing alright, you better ask somebody.
Several international instruments, such as the very widely ratified four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and the Convention against Torture, require the exercise of universal jurisdiction over the offences covered by these instruments, or, alternatively to extradite alleged offenders to another State for the purpose of prosecution.
He was a great manager, the boy said. My father thinks he was the greatest.
An American touring Spain stopped at a local restaurant.
 There being no objection, it is so decided.
Consequently, all visitors must have appropriate visas to come via those countries.19
4312-6081/5 (fax)
Chapter 5   Developing Democracy And Enhancing Governance
In view of the above, I call on you, Mr. Secretary-General, to take all necessary measures in order that the United Nations Security Council regains all its usurped political rights in the resolution of the crisis in former Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Whoso hearkeneth to their call, hath hearkened to the Voice of God, and whoso testifieth to the truth of their Revelation, hath testified to the truth of God Himself.
This approach fosters home-grown, self-sustaining infrastructures for peace.
Ms. Cosima Hufler
 5. In the context of responsiveness to civil society, self-regulation for public and private sector industries should be set within a framework of monitoring, awareness and education and well-developed and effective avenues for complaint.
Using vaccines donated by UNICEF, UNRWA immunized a total of 214,115 refugee children under five during the two rounds.
B. Membership of the Committee of Actuaries
Maybe Mr. Cross had put that last ad in as a test and might come along later to see if he'd been found out.
The number of villages electrified has increased to 73,063 by March 2003.
The President (interpretation from French): I thank the representative of Malawi for the kind words he addressed to me.
"Interpretative declaration" means a unilateral statement, however phrased or named, made by a State or an international organization, whereby that State or that organization purports to specify or clarify the meaning or scope of a treaty or of certain of its provisions.
Item 3.
In the medium term, top-grade office space in Taipei might be an attractive sector for property investors.
The way in which the specific needs of individual Parties might be addressed depends on the issue of concern and the Parties involved.
– Efforts should be made to increase women’s access to appropriate technology to reduce their workloads.
Canada
Saint-Michel-sur-Meurthe
Israel also continues to take illegal measures in and around East Jerusalem aimed at the Judaization and de facto annexation of the city, despite all of the foregoing.
Stopping to help her, she explained that her family had been slain by barbarian savages who had sacked their small farming community.
The Ombudsman is selected by decision of the Conference of Parliamentary Chairpersons, seeking unanimity or in any case by the increased majority of four fifths of its members, and enjoys full independence from government instructions in exercising his/her functions.
In order to promote breastfeeding, prevention of iodine, iron and vitamin A disorders, health awareness is being promoted among mothers, especially on the need to meet the daily requirements of children through locally available sources and maintain personal hygiene and clean environment.
:: Appropriate mechanisms to cope with the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system need to be established urgently;
The application and management of intellectual property should be supported in a manner that maximizes healthrelated innovation, especially to meet the research and development needs of developing countries, and protects public health and access to health products for all.
50. In the field of health, infant mortality is estimated at 110 per thousand, or four times the national average.
He was appointed Resident Manager at Sofitel Xanadu Resort, Hangzhou.
We must translate the proposed waste management strategy into action.
In particular, the final two decades of the twentieth century were marked by technological advances and what is known as the information revolution, illustrating the human brain's ability to create and innovate.
 The second type consisted of reviews affecting more than one department (such as finance and personnel administration).
The Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) invited "all UN System organizations to endorse the JIU benchmarking framework for RBM and to use it as the chapeau for their respective implementations of RBM".
Sixth session of the World Urban Forum
Switzerland urged UNIDO to complete without further delay the commendably coherent action already taken to reorganize its field representation and wished to insist on the importance of applying the mix of quantitative and qualitative criteria established for the creation of country offices.
(d) Extended immunization programme.
The continued evocation of the name of the Syrian Arab Republic in the context of interpretations of resolution 1559 (2004) that are unacceptable under and not in keeping with the Charter of the United Nations impugns the neutrality of the international personnel responsible for the implementation of that resolution.
 Noting also that the Territory continues to experience a shortage of qualified medical personnel,
Its worldwide distribution and relatively high abundance in some areas probably means it is not currently at risk, but it can be easily overfished and localized depletion is always a risk.
UNFPA sought to make reproductive health services accessible to all through the provision of emergency obstetric care and outreach services to isolated communities.
Information on how the sustainable human development mandate of UNDP fitted in with the mandates of UNFPA and UNICEF in the UNDAF process was requested.
Under such circumstances, a mere clarification of intentions and security doctrine may not suffice to convince all partners.
Sohodol
That document updated the information on the status of certain Parties with regard to ratification of amendments or submission of data.
In accordance with CEDAW General Recommendation No. 19 24(h), the Government is providing information below on the extent and nature of the problems of trafficking and prostitution in the country. Sampling Method
Valuations based on standards other than accounting ones may yield different results.
In this article, you've taken a tour of the anatomy of a Shale application.
It carried out more than 30 national field projects in six different countries, and benefited more than 85,000 men and women in rural areas through activities of self-management, village grain banks, savings and credit schemes, village irrigation schemes, and natural resource management.
Cordillera Central
But this is more like home.
In doing so, the ICRC must act in accordance with the mandate entrusted to it by the 194 States parties to the Geneva Conventions of 1949.
Why do we have to change chords?
Describe an example that you set a goal and got it successfully in the end.
This is my career plan.
Condemning in particular the recent terrorist attacks against the InterContinental Hotel, the British Council building, the International Security Assistance Force headquarters and the Embassy of the United States of America in Kabul, and deploring the loss of life in these attacks, including of Afghan civilians, police and security forces,
Fifty-second session of the Commission on the Status of Women
Renato Zerbini Ribeiro Leão (Brazil)
Political dialogue was the only path to peace through the two-State solution.
(i) Request organizations of the United Nations system to review their delegation of authority to country offices in post-conflict countries and establish more flexible procedures to accelerate procurement and recruitment.
704. There are 12 homeless overnight accommodation providers in Estonia, four of them in Tallinn.
'So you know it's all over?
In addition, the TSC/IMO course on ballast water management (see A/58/65/Add.1, para. 135) was delivered at the regional level in Cape Town, South Africa in March 2004 and at the national level in China in June 2004.
But Fengquan is one of several Chinese companies starting to take advantage of capital markets in continental Europe.
He said to them, "Then how does David in the Spirit call Him 'Lord,' saying
4.15 While the two initiatives above have been recent, Vanuatu has always had legal provisions protecting maternity.
A GIS-based risk analysis, complemented by satellite images, had been used to identify sites where landslides and floods might occur (pre-inventory map).
Report of the Secretary-General on the collaborative effort to assist Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama and on the progress made with the relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction efforts in the affected countries (General Assembly resolution 53/1 C)1
The main finding was the negative effect of high food and fuel prices on the incidence of poverty and food insecurity.
Maybe you can ask your computer engineers.
Original copies of credentials and names of delegates, duly signed by the head of state or government or foreign minister of the State Party, should be submitted to the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights in New York (attention: Ms. Sheilah Trotta (room S-1308)), prior to Tuesday, 18 December.
Article 410 Any functionary of a State organ who, engaging in malpractices for personal gain, violating the law and regulations on land administration and abusing his power, illegally approves the requisition or occupation of land or illegally transfers at low prices the right to the use of State-owned land, if the circumstances are serious, shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not more than three years or criminal detention; if especially heavy losses are caused to the interests of the State or the collective, he shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than three years but not more than seven years.
B. Noteworthy verification events
In the Ministry of Agriculture and Agrarian Reform, the Rural Women's Development Unit works in accordance with a programme designed to meet the needs of rural women in all governorates country-wide, namely the advice programme for the development of rural women, which integrates the strategic core concerns for the development of rural women into programmes of action.
SEB Asset Management AG bought the Arkonska Business Park in Gdansk for an undisclosed sum earlier this month.
External
The analysing group noted that given the importance of external support to ensure timely implementation, Chad could benefit from developing as soon as possible a resource mobilisation strategy that takes into account, as is implied by the extension request, the need to reach out to IFIs and to increase support from traditional donors, including by engaging in the work of relevant Contact Groups.
He is stupid that he loves her just as much as before.
In the Sudan and Somalia, a strong commitment on the part of the United Nations and the international community was likewise necessary to guarantee the success of peace talks and achieve reconciliation and a lasting solution.
VII. Financial aspects
(c) Drafted many of its resolutions in closed session rather than attempting to do so in public sessions;
When aroused she would make a dash which, just for the time, was not unlike the move of a naturally lively person.
The Financing for Development Office of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs included a presentation on the impact of microfinance services on poor clients and gender equality in one of its multi-stakeholder consultations on the Monterrey Consensus in Mali in 2004.
Taklimakan Desert covers the wide centeral area of the Tarim Basin.
10. The baby isnt due for another (two weeks/ month/ day or two)
26. Considerable progress was also made on the implementation of the priority services for private sector development: After the formulation and approval of a project for the development of a policy tool box on private sector development, preparatory activities for the needs assessment and scoping exercise have started.
The information is first processed into intelligence and then sent to the relevant authorities with recommendations on what actions, if any, are necessary.
Objective To study the curative effect of the treatment with scopolamine plus aminophylline for primary apnea of premature infants.
Moreover, poverty remained a major concern and in most countries weak and erratic growth had been accompanied by a deterioration of income distribution.
We must demand that Israel, the occupying Power, immediately and unconditionally comply with resolution 1860 (2009).
Additional resources
The conflicts in Afghanistan, Lebanon, Somalia, and other countries were inextricably linked with mass deforestation, land degradation, resource scarcity, and water and air pollution; all of which increased the vulnerability of communities, who continue to suffer from the long-term impacts.
 The CSCE is developing new arrangements the better to respond to these challenges and to counter the abuse of force externally and internally.
The proposal for reform was based on the view that the current medium-term plan had not functioned effectively as a policy-level tool for programming at the programme and subprogramme level.
In the morning he rose early; and as it was a holiday carried his ill humour on to the moors; not reappearing till the family were departed for church.
Liu Yun
86. The law clerks carry out research for the members of the Court and the judges ad hoc, and work under their responsibility, but may be called upon as required to provide temporary support to the Department of Legal Matters, especially in specific case-related matters.
16 January 2000
There are those who search deep into the physical human body -- medical doctors, those who enjoy studying what minds and behavior are revealing -- psychiatrists and psychologists, those who would rather be present more often with plants--botanists, those who want to be entertained by various animals-- zoologists, those who want to create machines or work with mechanical devices, people who long to explore the depths of the ocean or the outer space or different parts of the earth.
35. The United Nations system should play an active role in harmonizing, at the international and national levels, the recommendations being made to countries for integrated water resources management strategies.
In accordance with decision OEWG-VII/2, finalized draft versions of the four documents that take into account the discussions on them at the seventh session of the Open-ended Working Group and the comments received from parties, signatories and the centres have been prepared by the Secretariat and are set out in document UNEP/CHW.10/INF/2.
(d) Provides draft timelines for the development of a guidelines manual, aiming at the preparation of a preliminary version for the 2005 Commission meeting;
Special, 2003
I always get to school.
In resolution 55/95 on the situation of human rights in Cambodia, the General Assembly, while welcoming the measures taken by the Government to eliminate illicit logging, noted that this activity had "seriously threatened full enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights by many Cambodians, including indigenous people".
I guarantee that of those 750 top schools, most parents will be unfamiliar with the names and reputations of the vast majority of them.
Some senior staff members of UNFPA had racked up travel costs of $225,000 and he wondered what steps UNFPA had taken to curb such high expenditures.
We have always demonstrated our sincere readiness to settle the artificial dispute over the Western Sahara with our neighbours in Algeria, and have demonstrated a strong desire to develop our bilateral relations in an atmosphere of solidarity, good-neighbourliness and fruitful cooperation, and within the framework of a strategic approach to placing the Arab Maghreb Union on strong and sound foundations.
In view of the varying degrees of specificity with which the rights in the Covenant are drawn, we have favoured an à la carte approach to allow States parties to the Protocol to declare the rights in the Covenant to which individual complaints could apply.
We associate ourselves with the views expressed by the delegation of Algeria on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement and by the delegation of the Kingdom of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Their awareness was generally clouded when they acted as criminal agents.
My Government commends the tireless efforts of the ICTY and the ICTR to enhance efficiency in their proceedings, which will better enable them to carry out their completion strategy within the target date.
Until now, however, scientists hae newer frozen, thawed and then fertilized a lab - matured egg.
That would allow members to become fully familiar with the functioning of the Tribunal and would provide for more continuity.
2. The present report has been prepared accordingly.
1. The States Parties decided to establish a General Conference of States Parties to be held on an annual basis in the years other than those in which the Review Conference of the States Parties meets, to examine any questions relating to the operation of the Treaty and to consider principles, objectives and ways in order to promote the full implementation of the Treaty, as well as its universality, and to make recommendations thereon to the Review Conference, including those identified in the Decision on Principles and Objectives.
On 14 July 2008 the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the People’s Republic of China Yang Jiechi received the SCO Secretary-General Bolat Nurgaliev and his Deputies.
on the Prior Informed Consent Procedure for Certain Hazardous Chemicals and Pesticides in International Trade
Combine multiple CAD formats in one assembly and save as PDF with Adobe 3D Reviewer (included)
Between 1890 and 1920, for example, some 250,000 new residential lots were recorded within the borders of Chicago, most of them located in outlying areas.
Look, there is only the moon among innumerable stars in the sky.
(Increase) decrease in due from United Nations
If something wrong is found, we should demand food supplier to correct it in time.
Recently there has been a more differentiated discussion with many actors recognizing that under the right circumstances local production in developing countries has a valuable role to play.
Productivity and accuracy of Processing eccentric axis have a great relationship to the fixture.
The Government has also initiated health promotion programmes that include health education, information and counseling to target groups in order to empower the public to make informed choices and decisions on all areas of health particularly reproductive and sexual health.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Then how did you ever get here
Mountain Province
Translation
"However, it does not automatically follow that all U.S. nationals who departed from Iran ... after the implementation of this policy were wrongfully expelled.
Although I know that there is little chance that these things will harm me I would still rather not face them.
Do you have any turtle neck sweaters 2
At the end of 2004, there were 88,202 social housing applicants.
It scored a couple hundred points less than some netbooks with NVIDIA Ion 2, but in everyday use, things ran just as smoothly.
And even further partridge eggs.
(e) Stamp duty
It relates, as was mentioned during the Working Group's discussions, to formats that can be read by blind, deaf-blind, and vision-impaired people (e.g. braille, audio, electronic text, large print, and tactile diagrams).
The Institute strongly recommends strengthening the demand and supply synergies for governance to create a platform for multisectoral sharing and learning for collective action and policy change that builds an environment conducive to people's empowerment.
:: Organization of 2 meetings of the contingent-owned equipment/memorandum of understanding management review board
Article 17
As it is some 35,800 kilometres from the earth, it is capable of taking cloud pictures covering part of the whole globe.
(face value of $1.40 x 16 = $22.40 / pane)
(a) Providing secretariat support and advice to the Military Staff Committee in the preparation for, conduct of and action arising from the Committee’s meetings;
It therefore welcomed the General Assembly's decision to provide the Centre with additional resources, even though they were inadequate to meet the Centre's increasing workload.
18. CoE-Commissioner noted that it was necessary to study some specific situations in which different treatment of certain categories of foreigners was apparent.
 He believed that the resolution had affirmed legitimacy within the framework of the Republic of Yemen and linked the cease-fire with a number of steps that Yemen regarded as an integral part of the resolution.
Banks should be obliged in return to help reinvigorate the real economy.
There is inadequate data on most issues of child protection.
Organisations that represent the interests of disabled women are to be expressly involved in the participation of special interest organisations.
"The Security Council also welcomes the intention of the Government of Iraq to sign the Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation.
VIII. Relations with international organizations/arrangements
(d) Summary of the most recent recommendation made by the author of the study; follow—up given to these recommendations, in respect of the rules, measures or practices adopted by the secretariat, by Governments, by the specialized agencies or by the institutions or non—governmental organizations concerned.
Particular attention has been given in this context to "North-South" accords with industrialized nations, such as with the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA), and with the European Union.
The United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) has organized the new Series entitled "Policy Awareness and Training in Information Technology", under the auspices of the ICT Task Force and the Working Group on Informatics.
my grave - the only loving place.
Appointment of members of the Board of Trustees of the United Nations Interregional Crime and Justice Research Institute
I believe that someone is trying to deceive Poor lugnut here and undermine my authority And for that, they must be eliminated.
6. Mr. Mati (Italy) said that Italy was fully committed to nuclear disarmament, arms control and non-proliferation.
It is also worth noting that this decision of Russia coincides with separatists' provocative acts and their intense military build-up.
It's good to have a man of your stature here dan.
The accused, acting jointly and severally, drew attention to a series of procedural errors committed by the tax authorities which ought to have voided the procedure.
CAMBRIDGE – Politicians and economists view trade imbalances very differently. Consider the United States’ trade deficit.
29. In order to ensure that due process is accorded in cases referred, the Tribunal has continued to support initiatives to build local capacity of national courts through, for example, training of local judiciary and prosecutors in Croatia, Serbia and Montenegro, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
To deliver on its new mandate, the Commodities Branch needs to adopt a more upstream orientation in research, redefine its technical assistance thrust, intensify partnerships with domain leaders and restructure and remotivate its human resources.
Doris Miller
The sponsors believe that the conclusion of effective arrangements on negative security assurances could first contribute a major confidence-building measure in the current tense international circumstances between nuclear and non-nuclear-weapon States, as well as among nuclear-weapon States.
It is a fact that English is being accepted as an international language.
It had subsequently launched a national programme of work focused on education, children's health and drinking water supply, and had adopted various legislative texts to benefit children; a Supreme Council for Children had also been established.
We are pleased that, last year, the Authority was able to finalize its consideration of the regulations on polymetallic sulphides.
The Committee began its consideration of agenda item 85.
Theoretical analysis and thermodynamic calculation were made to compare with the traditional ammonia vapor compression heat pump cycle.
Art. 30 Convention Other measures: implementation of the Convention through economic development and technical assistance
611th meeting
Very few letters were written in those hard times that were not touching, especially those which fathers sent home.
45. Since most developing countries lacked the necessary infrastructure and resources to reap the benefits of ICT, radio remained one of the most affordable and accessible traditional means of communication for publicizing United Nations activities, particularly in the areas of development and peacekeeping.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 13, and of the Security Council.
Summary record of the 30th meeting
At SBI 23, Parties mandated the CGE to cooperate with the Least Developed Countries Expert Group (LEG) and the Expert Group on Technology Transfer (EGTT) in the implementation of its work programme.
Although the General Assembly will debate this issue about a month from now, the question of Security Council reform inevitably comes to the fore when its work is under consideration by the General Assembly.
The delegation stated that developed countries should increase their contributions, while at the same time UNFPA should explore other funding channels, including the private sector, NGOs and foundations.
Finally, reiterating the United Nations commitment to environmental issues, the Publishing Task Force made "greening" its top priority, with the United Nations Office at Nairobi receiving its International Organization for Standardization certification; other offices have begun to follow that lead.
The annex provides an update of document S/2009/205.
" As his voice ended, the ferryman came to fetch them.
35. The Standing Police Capacity will continue to deliver its two core functions, i.e. support to the start-up of new police components in peacekeeping operations and to provide strategic assistance in the capacity-building of institutional law enforcement to existing police components of peacekeeping missions.
Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?
concerning Communication No. 1605/2007**
Don't you think there's more to life?
In order to strengthen cooperation with Viet Nam and to assess the religious situation on the spot, the Special Rapporteur reiterates his request to visit the country.
The Comptroller General is to be complimented on his achievements in managing this structure within the limited resources available.
The President: I now give the floor to Ms. Mary Shawa, Principal Secretary, Office of the President and Cabinet of Malawi.
We got to our neighbour's house and stayed there for two nights.
Trials will not begin immediately.
Benin
Representatives of the Secretariat, agencies, funds and programmes were explicitly requested to focus their statements on selected issues of concern to them and, if possible, to provide copies of their statements for distribution.
In 2011, Australia amended its trade policy to exclude provisions in trade agreements that could "limit its capacity to put health warnings or plain packaging requirements on tobacco products or its ability to continue the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme".
17. Morocco supports the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in all regions of the world, as provided for by article VII of the Treaty, and considers the establishment of such zones as an effective and useful contribution to the strengthening of the nuclear non-proliferation regime, to nuclear disarmament efforts and to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
4. A commitment to the opportunity for every interested individual to acquire the skills and knowledge necessary for the pursuit of higher education.
The core strategy focuses on the negotiation and implementation of conventions, norms, standards and guidelines; the organization of policy debate and exchange of experience in the key areas of ECE work, including supporting policy analysis, studies and statistics; and the provision of technical assistance, policy advice and capacity-building, to support the implementation of the ECE norms and standards in countries with economies in transition.
Recent UNCTAD research reports on African development issues include:
3 November 2004
37th plenary meeting Report of the Human Rights Council (A/67/53 and A/67/53/Corr.1) [item 64]
3.2. Web site interface
We can breathe more freely now that the crisis has passed.
During the war, our army often used letters attached with a chicken feather to deliver important messages.
I want you badlyboth of you.
CHAPTER VI SUPPLEMENTARY PROVISIONS Article 31 The people's congress and its standing committee in a national autonomous area may, on the basis of the principles of this Law and in the light of the local conditions, formulate adaptive or supplementary provisions.
To date, $1.1 million in savings has been collected by community self-help groups and $7 million was disbursed to community development councils to generate loans in nine provinces.
Thirdly, evaluation may generate new hypotheses in economics, and thereby contribute to the development of the foundations of competition policy.
Representatives of Cairo University and Istanbul Technical University made presentations on research and application-based space education in Egypt and Turkey.
A few years previously, they had been on the point of being closed because of funding difficulties.
We often row boats ( or row the boat ) in summer.
Requiring check-out can help your team make the most of versioning, because people specifically designate when a version is to be created.
Bo sits on that porch and thinks things through.
III. DEFENDERS AT PARTICULAR RISK
The Action Team comprised 41 Member States and 13 intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
Say I wanna be rich or I have more than enough money for everything
 14. The Working Group considered this topic at its 5th and 6th meetings, on 16 and 17 September.
Takes note of the reports of the Secretary-General on the construction of conference facilities at Addis Ababa and Bangkok A/52/579 and A/53/347. and endorses the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions contained in paragraph 5 of its report; A/53/7/Add.5.
23rd 08-10-01
I assure you of the full cooperation and support of my delegation.
I wouldn`t even have did your motherfucking arm like that.
Article 10 Members, with the assistance as appropriate of intergovernmental and other international organizations, shall endeavour, in co-operation with each other, to achieve the greatest possible measure of uniformity of other action for the prevention of occupational accidents.
The activities of interregional advisers are embedded in the operational programmes of the main subprogrammes of UNCTAD.
The process is the same as for mutual legal assistance in general: subject to the need for appropriate security measures in respect of terrorism-related cases, a request is submitted to Canada through diplomatic channels and is referred to the appropriate unit of the federal Justice Department.
Otherwise, such additional activities would have to be deferred to a later biennium.
Belize
D. Opening of the Assembly
In the ensuing discussion, several parliamentarians emphasized that peacekeeping operations must be carried out in conformity with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and with respect for the principles of neutrality, impartiality and non-interference in internal affairs.
 At its forty-eighth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit a preliminary version of the updated World Survey on the Role of Women in Development to the Economic and Social Council, through the Commission, in 1994 (Assembly resolution 48/108).
By establishing the political legitimacy of governments, democracy strengthens their capacity to carry out their policies and functions efficiently and effectively.
Monaco
 I trust we can count on your cooperation in this common cause.
Noting with appreciation the ongoing efforts by regional organizations and forums to strengthen cooperation in combating corruption, which aim, inter alia, to ensure openness and transparency, combat domestic and foreign bribery, tackle corruption in high-risk sectors, strengthen international cooperation and promote public integrity and transparency in the fight against corruption, which fuels illicit trade and insecurity and is a tremendous barrier to economic growth and the safety of citizens,
I said that, although the United States and the international community remain committed to helping Liberia, only Liberians can make the peace.
(a) Make the preparation of work plans an integral part of the project-planning and monitoring process (1995, 1996, 1998 and 1999);
We stayed in dormitories at United States International University. The High Five
The scanner could also be used at home for continuous monitoring of breast health.
Also this programme is based on group approach. It organizes small farmers into more or less homogeneous groups consisting of 5-10 members around certain nucleus activities and extends loans to them for income-raising agricultural and agro-based activities.
Phosphamidon
(ii) Booklets, fact sheets, wallcharts, information kits: producing and updating print materials to support advocacy on coordination of humanitarian action;
627. The right of all persons to establish and belong to a family is provided for in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Optional Protocol thereto, adopted in Costa Rica by Act No. 4229 of 11 December 1968.
(j) Letter dated 27 April 2000 from the Permanent Representatives of Algeria, Egypt and Portugal to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Cairo Declaration and Cairo Plan of Action adopted by the Africa-European Union Summit, held in Cairo on 3 and 4 April 2000 under the aegis of the Organization of African Unity and the European Union (A/54/855-E/2000/44);
. Total population 2000 (thousands): 267/Projected population by 2030: 285 .
Newton's theorem
It made recommendations.
Mr. William Muhairwe, National Water and Sewerage Corporation, Uganda
2.9 Assessment of impacts on sites of cultural heritage shall also take full account of, and follow where appropriate, the Guidelines for Landscape and Visual Impact Assessment at Annex 18.
(b) To establish stronger operational links, particularly in emergency situations, between health and social service agencies, both public and private, and criminal justice agencies for the purposes of reporting, recording and responding appropriately to acts of violence against children, while protecting the privacy of child victims of violence;
Nevertheless, we were not in a position to sponsor the draft resolution under consideration, as we had done with similar texts in previous years .
The resulting recommendation had been to move from 5 per cent GAD planning and budgeting to influencing the overall budget process, and to ensure permanent civil society representation, particularly in local government, so that gender equality goals were properly identified and met by local governments and the national agencies concerned.
Look! Those children are carrying red lanterns on shoulder poles.
Another ongoing challenge was stimulating the interest of the media and public in early warning information.
3. Urges the parties to exhaust all means to achieve a peaceful settlement of the dispute;
4.20 Definition of serious misconduct and serious breach of duty
A position in management training programs with the eventual goal of participating in the management rank of marketing
Acceptance rate of recommendations of the eight largest participating organizations for system-wide reports and notes, 2005-2012 (United Nations, UNDP, WFP, UNICEF, WHO, UNHCR, FAO and UNOPS)
Mr. Obisakin (Nigeria): On behalf of the African Group I wish to felicitate you, Sir, on your election as Chairman of the First Committee at this sixty-fourth session of the General Assembly.
 The economies of some countries, including Armenia, the Czech Republic and Hungary, showed positive (albeit modest) growth in the first half of this year, while in others, such as Albania and Poland, first-half economic growth rates reached 4 per cent or more at an annual rate.
21. On the trafficking of people without documentation, the authorities reported that INM actively participates in the Operation Against Smugglers (and Traffickers) Initiative on Safety and Security (OASISS).
Unless meeting with unexpected difficulties at the office today, I shall be home early.
Benchmark 1 "A clear conceptual framework for RBM exists as a broad management strategy"
10. APACHE and KRISS munitions: The APACHE air-launched missile is exclusively designed to neutralize runways.
We can also provide new and innovative remittance-sending tools and products to our migrants by learning from the successes experienced by Latin American and Asian countries.
Utah Lake
We are living in the age of social networks and frenzied conversation, composing more e-mails, texting more messages and keeping in touch with more people than ever before.
Table 4.3
Accordingly, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia cannot accept the support provided to the undertaking in the resolution.
7.4 The United Nations shall continue to provide to national contingents mission-specific training material on United Nations standards of conduct, mission-specific rules and regulations, and relevant local laws and regulations.
Assistance in mine action [29]
How do you do, sir?
Hundreds of millions of people worldwide are already affected by mental problems such as depression and bi-polar disorders and the current market meltdown could exacerbate feelings of despair among people vulnerable to such illnesses.
Point 4) brings forward two new and more secure linguistic steganography methods.
The activists also point out that fish feel pain and fish suffer horribly on their way from the sea to the supermarket.
Geneva
Davis, J. Handout on Economic Principles of W&S Service Delivery.
Taking into account the outstanding loan of $12.8 million to the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (MINURCA) and the recent loan of $3.5 million to the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI), a cash balance remained of approximately $147 million.
2. In view of the United Nations rules prohibiting the republication of material that has already been issued under general distribution, it has been decided to make such a compilation available on the web site of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (www.ohchr.ch).
2004: PDHRE participated and held the side event "Forum on Genocide," in Stockholm, Sweden from 26-28 January.
Round neck is made of cotton fiber spinning.
So you two have history.
She asked how the Government was addressing the issues facing the sector and whether it had a mechanism for collecting data on it.
According to available statistics, sub-Saharan Africa enjoyed a positive and stable balance of trade during 2006 and 2007, with exports contributing an average of 40 per cent to gross domestic product (GDP), while imports contributed 36 per cent in 2006 and 38.8 per cent in 2007.
Alpine thrush
 (vii) Matters relating to astronomy;
He had little to add to the concerns already expressed by the other Member State representatives, except to express the hope that the voting board in the General Assembly Hall, which was troublesome at the best of times, had been thoroughly tested to ensure that it would not malfunction during the important upcoming votes.
11. Notes with concern the financial situation of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime;
The present report contains the Secretary-General's proposed revisions to the Financial Regulations of the United Nations to support compliance with the requirements of IPSAS.
307. The estimated unencumbered balance for 2014 is due mainly to the lower cost of rations owing to relocation of staff away from Baghdad as a result of the deteriorating security situation, and lower training fees and supplies owing to the provision of in-house training instead of external training, whenever possible.
Reviewing your spiritual journal regularly can spare you a lot of unnecessary pain and heartache.
61. The Ethics Office continues to work closely with partners throughout the Organization to revise and update policies.
Settlement risk is considered minimal, as delivery of securities sold is only made once the broker has received payment.
Each camper will receive a team photo with Kobe and one signed personal autograph from Kobe.
The Committee will consider quadrennial reports submitted by non-governmental organizations deferred from previous sessions of the Committee held in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005.
67. At its 591st (closed) meeting, on 21 November 2003, the Committee decided to undertake a confidential inquiry and designated Mr. Claudio Grossman, Mr. Fernando Mariño and Mr. Ole Vedel Rasmmussen to conduct the inquiry.
To ask a woman to wear real jewelry only is like asking her to cover herself with real flowers instead of flowery silk prints.
The draft resolution was adopted (resolution 58/260).
Closed consultations among members of the Security Council and troop contributors on the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force (UNPREDEP) will be held today, 25 November 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 7. Announcement
The delay in implementation of the recommendation is due to the priority given to the implementation of IPSAS.
Rising on the south bank of the Huangpu River is the Chinese pavilion, a giant structure that looks like an upside down pyramid.
They want to fool other people into sacrificing their own rights to consolidate their ruling status.
She did not believe that the draft resolution had any programme budget implications.
 More and more rivers, recipients of untreated urban waste discharges, are becoming open sewers, and pollution from the indiscriminate use of agro-chemical products is often rampant.
If only he would join our party!
However, their further input will be necessary.
For this type of funding it is also expected that components of larger integrated programmes will be more attractive than stand-alone projects.
17.Women are paid less than men, except for one fieldModeling
He said,"In the knowledge-based world of the 21st century, the competitiveness of an economy will be determined by its ability to develop and exploit technology."
Among other things, they call on Governments to ensure genuinely effective regulatory frameworks and on companies themselves to be truly accountable.
The school yard is two hundred meters long, one hundred meters wide, and is surrounded by trees.
More research is required to determine the precise benefits of using timber to cut CO2 emissions.
119. ILO Convention No. 143 also provides that States parties pursue a national policy designed to promote and to guarantee equality of opportunity and treatment in respect of employment, occupation, social security, trade union and cultural rights, and of individual and collective freedoms for persons who as migrant workers or as members of their families are lawfully within its territory.
Second report due in 2009
She urged all States and the agencies, programmes and funds of the United Nations to take urgent measures to end the crisis and defend the rights to food and food security.
Many examples from Latin America proved that laws could be used to improve access to medicines.
2. On 20 June 2011, the Human Rights Council selected the following group of rapporteurs (troika) to facilitate the review of Zimbabwe: China, Spain and Senegal.
Everyone knows, too, that the Organization must set itself a clear course in the economic and social field and that the institutional reforms being pursued have yet to address the heart of the problem.
ESCAP has also estimated the impact on poverty of a number of possible food and energy price scenarios in 2011 (see table 2).
*Seats are limited, so each person will be allotted a maximum of two tickets.
The ballot papers reflect this pattern.
And it is obvious even from a casual stroll through the streets of New York, New Delhi, Beijing, or Berlin.
There was considerable support, for example, for the establishment of a Southern Hemisphere and Adjacent Areas Nuclear Weapons Free Zone.
Fourthly, the security challenges in Afghanistan are a reminder that fighting alone will not secure Afghanistan's future.
The information below is reproduced as received and does not imply
Accordingly, we shall suppose that the individual in making these decisions acts as if he were pursuing and attempting to maximize a single end.
A. Programmes (programme budget)
Provision of support to the Government and/or the judicial authorities in the organization of 5 justice sector workshops for Government officials, judicial personnel, lawyers and civil society on traditional justice mechanisms, the improvement of criminal procedures on juvenile justice and the protection of women
Respond time of mobile read-only transactions is greatly improved.
The Secretary-General's report "An Agenda for Peace" indicates ways to improve the medium-term and long-term handling of peace-keeping.
Second, make your title interesting in order to attract more eye - balls.
All that ends well is well.
Programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007
During the presidency of Panama in February 2008, the Security Council held 17 meetings, including one open debate, one private debate, four debates and three briefings.
 In due course, they should benefit from the elimination of restraints on exports of textiles and clothing imposed under the Multi-Fibre Arrangement and from the commitments made in agriculture, such as the reduction of trade-distorting measures of domestic support, and the capping and reduction of export subsidies.
AI also reported that members of the inspection unit have been threatened and that some have suffered attacks and even killings.
The recommendations on priority also apply (except as provided in recommendations 176-182).
In 2006, it had announced its decision to extend extraterritorial jurisdiction over nationals who sexually exploited minors abroad.
The Committee recommends that the State party implement special measures (affirmative action), as described in the Convention and the Committee's general recommendation No. 32 (2009) on the meaning and scope of special measures in the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
This option would also render the force more vulnerable to the constraints of weather on operations.
Currently no regulatory mechanism for alternative payment systems such as hawala has been developed.
Dad: I've said that I've a problem with the circus. I'm not kidding.
The Co-Chair of the Meeting drew representatives' attention to the draft decision, contained in a conference room paper submitted by the European Community and its member States, recognizing the preparations for the World Summit on Sustainable Development in 2002 and, in particular, the UNEP process on international environmental governance currently under way.
UNSF model (T1)
Instead of considering the sensitivities surrounding that paragraph and making the necessary changes, as the African Group had hoped, the European Union and the Latin American and Caribbean Group had forced it to propose an amendment to the paragraph.
She indicated that there is a high unemployment rate for women, although there are equal opportunities for women in education and employment.
Membership through 30 June 2009
36. At the broad policy and programmatic level, the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system, including the regional economic commissions, should seek to mainstream and institutionalize TCDC and ECDC by integrating these modalities in their organizational policy, operations manuals and directives and in their programming arrangements, and by putting in place the necessary supporting structure to ensure the systematic implementation, monitoring and reporting of their programmes in support of TCDC and ECDC.
(6)According to a survey made by China Daily, 63.93% of young people who have ever experiencedwill live a dull life or even feel loss of hope about the future.
31. With regard to some of the recommendations made in the report, he wished to know what the Special Rapporteur had in mind with the observation that the standard for listing and delisting should be that it was more likely than not that a designated individual was associated with Al-Qaida, and why he considered that to be a higher standard than the one already being applied by the Ombudsperson, which focused on whether there was a reasonable and credible basis for the continued listing of a designated individual or entity.
As of the end of 2008, there will be some 28 developing country Parties that have yet to participate in a national or subregional planning meeting.
Yugoslavia
It also requests that the State party include in the next periodic report information on the impact of programmes aimed to ensure economic, social and cultural rights to indigenous people and data regarding any progress made in this respect.
Yes, Silicon Valley is still admired as a source of invention and creative destruction; but it is also widely viewed as having lost its ethical compass.
INTRODUCTION: SCOPE AND PURPOSE
United Nations
On 25 May 2006, he was tested for syphilis and HIV and both tests were negative.
Also requests the Secretary-General to inform the Commission on the progress made in the implementation of the Summit outcomes as a part of his annual reporting to the Commission;
UNION OF SOUTH AMERICAN NATIONS
 A, draft resolution I). 19. At its 4th meeting, on 16 May 1996, the Committee adopted a draft resolution entitled "Integrated water resources development and management", which it recommended to the Economic and Social Council for adoption (see chap.
A. Conclusions and suggestions
 2. A person who has been tried by a national court for acts constituting serious violations of international humanitarian law may be subsequently tried by the International Tribunal for Rwanda only if:
In the 1986 Convention these provisions read as follows:
We count on the early signing of the post-START agreement and hope that it will open the way towards new arms-control talks.
339. The decision of the Court of Arbitration in the Case concerning the delimitation of the continental shelf between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the French Republic (Mer d'Iroise case) clarifies the meaning to be given to this phrase.
8. Technical committees of the Conference.
This matter is discussed in the relevant section of this report.
"Environment" section
Most were from Scandinavia but some came from as far away as Russia, Japan and the United States.
Six press releases in Spanish were posted on a dedicated website accessible to members of the Committee on Information.
Please outline the provisions that give effect to those instruments in domestic legislation.
Cross-cutting issues identified at the eleventh session of the Commission are considered in the present report as well as in the four thematic reports prepared for the current session (E/CN.17/2007/2-5).
Fall back! Fall back! Clear your weapon! Clear it!
She had outraged old friends too long to find a champion among them now.
using a substandard electric arc welding set with exposed live connections,
Article 1 Contents of Technical Consultancy Service  1.1 Whereas Client desires to obtain the technical consultancy service from Consultant and Consultant has agreed to perform such services.
34. Areas of special significance for their uniqueness, biological diversity or productivity, as well as areas of special importance to the life histories of non-fish species referred to in the criteria of the Convention on Biological Diversity have not been incorporated in the scientific design.
At its fifty-fourth session, the Assembly adopted two optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child (resolution 54/263): one on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and one on children in armed conflict.
Indicators of achievement
PBB/820
Two days ago, I had the opportunity to present Colombia's results in its progress towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
110. China noted the development of the Second National Action Plan on Human Rights and measures adopted to protect vulnerable groups, such as women, children and persons with disabilities. It noted ongoing problems concerning the protection of the rights of minorities.
57. Ms. Scholte withdrew.
He wants a position on our clubs board of management
Such investment had fallen by 90 per cent at the start of 2003.
The Effect of Output Growth Rate and the Labor Transfer on the Agricultural Labor Productivity Convergence of Our Country
These persons selected the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Liaison Office building as a target for a terrorist attack, and instructed Mr. Gogiashvili to detonate a bomb nearby.
Strengthening knowledge and information
4.1 On 8 May 2009, the State party challenged the admissibility of the communication, arguing that the author had failed to exhaust all available domestic remedies and that there was no reason to believe that the application of those remedies would have been unavailable or ineffective.
On Monday, heavy rains triggered the collapse of a reservoir of iron-ore waste at the mine in Shanxi province.
ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
Michael: Wait, you actually have some advice about my Cajun girlfriend Raisin?
It noted progress in the areas of gender equality, children's rights, the elderly and persons with disabilities, and measures to combat and prevent racism.
Greece
Jam the signal, get out of the way, and let us do our job.
Encourages all Parties that have not yet paid their contributions to do so without further delay.
Delegations urged UNDP to address project management and procurement weaknesses, especially the slow implementation of recommendations related to procurement.
They also supported action to reduce the cost and maximize the development impact of immigrant remittances.
24. In accordance with regulation 6.5 of the Financial Regulations of the Tribunal, a trust fund was subsequently established and a special euro bank account named "Nippon Foundation Grant" was set up with Deutsche Bank.
The Actuality and Prospect of the Application of GPS Technology in Civil Engineering Construction
He is really a good fellow, I hoped that he can become in our team indispensable.
Out of a total of 78,796 registered voters, 89.01 per cent voted, 10.99 per cent abstained, and there were 0.72 per cent blank ballots and 1.46 per cent invalid ballots.
Outside Africa, a speaker contended, the Council had not discussed Afghanistan "as much as it should", and it would be crucial to strengthen the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan.
Ministerial round table on "Beyond the Millennium Development Goals: harnessing science and technology to address development challenges"
In this paper, a survey on traffic square lighting in Tianjin city is introduced.
Other features include a new and updated feature to replace the current splash-and dust-proof function.
Keep vigilant but things would be so much easier if you got along with your neighbors, right?
That is why it is very important for parents and caregivers alike to be aware of this fact.
In 1985, he organized a diving expedition in Australia and New Guinea to investigate the age-old mystery of the mermaid.
"Considering the need to ensure a wide dissemination of the text of the Declaration,
The Human Rights Committee had interpreted the formulation "have or adopt" to include the right to conversion, which was a matter of a person's internal belief and therefore an absolutely protected right.
What potential impact on health does non-ionizing radiation bring?
While driving down a winding country road, a man came upon a youth running hard with three huge dogs snarling at his heels.
The coach is able to discern whether the client is communicating from the past, present or future.
Minister: It will be finished soon!! Official: Thats really nice!!
14. The National Human Rights Commission set up by the Protection of Human Rights Act 1998 may enquire into any violation of the Chapter II rights of a person or any complaint made against a police officer.
Support for the websites of permanent missions was taken over from the external service provider in 2007.
- Participation in the fifteenth session of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, Geneva, 21-25 May;
The Committee noted that the legal working group had not had enough time to discuss this issue.
This paper presents a new arrangement method for the nonuniform linear array (NLA) which is called elements perturbation to improve the performance in estimating Direction-of-Arrival (DOA).
In Mazar-i-Sharif, the provincial reconstruction team has assisted in bringing about and implementing a settlement after the latest round of fighting in the north.
Lawyers who write direct and concise letters to nonlawyers are more likely to achieve successful results.
(b) Measures taken by Governments, the private sector and international financial institutions to alleviate such effects in developing countries, especially the poorest and heavily indebted countries;
In the event that any such dealings exist, the competent authorities are notified in order that they may take the necessary action.
Ewing points out that China uses vast quantities of steel in its building programmes, and he does not yet see that high metal prices are causing a reduction in demand.
First, we believe that government ought to create the conditions that allow strong and healthy families to thrive.
Authors: Office of Agriculture Resources and Regional Plann, Institute of Agricultural Regional Planning of Fuj.
May I ask what this is about, please
30 June 2011
That success highlights the importance of partnerships and the need to replicate our efforts at the grassroots level, where they matter most.
IDB.19/2
Mr Croft: Good morning, nurse.
The President: I have pleasure in welcoming His Excellency Mr. Romano Prodi, Prime Minister of the Republic of Italy, and inviting him to address the General Assembly.
While some of those persons had settled in Nagorny Karabakh, no observer or visiting official had reported the existence of any illegal settlement in the surrounding territories.
339. The higher requirements are attributable to an increase in common service rates for mobile phones and desk phones.
Resumption of the work of the Conference on Disarmament can no longer be postponed.
The 2008 voter registration campaign was launched on April 5.
Battlefield
A powerful sorceress.
Recon for POWs in Nam.
In 2002, 4.9 per cent of the population was 65 years of age or over.
Alternatively, it might be undertaken at a broader level by the UNEP Mercury Programme, as part of a high-level political declaration and plan of implementation, or as a component of a legally binding approach to addressing mercury.
to resolution 751 (1992) concerning Somalia
"The Role of the United Nations in the combating of International Terrorism" -- lectures for LL.M students, University of Johannesburg, South Africa, 2004-2007
The Committee also regrets that the State party has not paid sufficient attention to the large-scale economic exploitation of talibés from neighbouring countries, most of them subjected to violence and ill-treatment by marabouts, despite the 2006 recommendations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/SEN/CO/2, paras. 60 and 61) in that regard.
"(c) The use of torture and other forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading punishment, in particular the practice of amputation and flogging;
"I'm hanged if I will! " said the Yankee, turning on his heel, "I'll go dirty first! "
South Korean films have found success at international movie festivals and South Korea is one of the world's largest providers of TV animation.
Doctor: Your pulse is as steady as a clock.
It must have been a work of vast ability in the somniferous school of literature.
Nakonsawan
Antinomy
Newer treatments, especially so - called boosted protease inhibitors, wash over the virus like a tidal wave.
At the time of reporting, the African Union review of AMISOM was expected to be completed shortly.
27. The Committee welcomes the adoption of a new law on the protection of minors in the criminal justice system on 28 November 2000 and the Act of 10 August 2005 amending various proposals for stepping up the fight against trafficking and smuggling of persons and the practices of exploiting landlords.
 (i) Information base and statistics;
All these measures have become necessary and can brook no procrastination or delay.
CRC/SP/44/Add.2
31. There are several weaknesses specifically associated with the secretariat's RCU.
Nguyễn Văn Linh
Neutral Turkmenistan, which marks the fifteenth anniversary of its independence this year, builds its relations in the international arena upon the principles of equal rights and mutually beneficial cooperation with all States and international organizations.
You should choose a fabric that will wear well , ie last a long time.
It sets out specific activities to be implemented in response to the needs of parties and some of the partners involved in the delivery of those activities.
64. With regard to item 130 of the draft agenda (Administration of justice at the United Nations), the Secretary-General wishes to recall paragraph 14 of resolution 57/307 of 15 April 2003, in which the General Assembly agreed that the United Nations Administrative Tribunal should be strengthened through an amendment to its statute and decided to take a decision on that matter at its fifty-eighth session.
(b) The Profiling Project and the possibility and utility of expanding this work to other areas where significant numbers of human rights violations have occurred;
8. Urges States conducting activities in outer space, as well as States interested in conducting such activities, to keep the Conference on Disarmament informed of the progress of bilateral and multilateral negotiations on the matter, if any, so as to facilitate its work;
Mr. Wittig
Transport in Croatia
All are aware that Israel has committed terrorist acts in several capitals and other cities in Europe, Africa and Asia, and in certain Arab countries.
The Government of the Syrian Arab Republic also condemns the Golan Regional Council's decision, endorsed by the Government of the occupation, to build a new tourist settlement village near the Israeli settlement of Ani'am.
:: Juan Ramón de la Fuente (Mexico) (Chair of the Council), President, International Association of Universities; former Rector, National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM)
The modes and characteristics of foreign projects, basic techniques and fundamental conditions necessary to international engineering corporations for project management and control, were introduced.
Department of State; Department of the Treasury; United States Geological Survey
The new place did provide him a solace of a kind he could not get elsewhere.
Additional information is provided in document ICCD/COP(7)/2/Add.4 on the activities supported by the Supplementary Fund.
DEM 2,015
Lithuania has chosen to co-sponsor the draft resolution of the group of four with a view to making the Security Council more transparent and democratic in its working methods and more representative in terms of present and future global realities.
The Government maintained the ability to accept or reject the Tribunal's recommendations.
14. In 1999, the Commission on Human Rights created the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants.
15 June 2000
The Committee shall establish working groups to consider and suggest ways and means of expediting its work and of implementing its obligations under article 21 of the Convention.
153. As with other aspects, the most basic matter is the lack of gender-specific data that also documents in detail other variables, such as rural/urban/geographical location, socio-economic conditions, age, and so forth.
So who should we cheer for?
Hato no kyujitsu
4. China supports the efforts of non-nuclear-weapon states to establish nuclear-weapon-free zones and believes that the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones is conducive to preventing proliferation of nuclear weapons and promoting regional and global peace and security. China supports and respects the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones and WMD-free zones on the basis of voluntary consultations.
The authorities also arrested and put on trial nine people in connection with an attack committed in 2010 that resulted in the death of three United Nations peacekeepers and injuries to another three.
Decision 18/1
According to the PIIE and the World Bank, about 85% of overall growth from the TPP is due to “non-trade measures” and related foreign investments.
Ghana
are you going to change it back?
Skies are crowded, man.
OIP
Inventor Judy Shackelford, has been dreaming up new toys for over thirty years.
 The idea of creating a new post within the United Nations system, that of a high commissioner for human rights, is an expression of the desire to step up international cooperation in this field.
B: Yes, one moment please. I'll get her for you.
(vii) Any other economic loss, other than any caused by the impairment of the environment, if permitted by the general law on civil liability of the competent court,
Main political parties: Democratic Party; Independent Citizens' Movement; Republican Party.
Tunisia noted with satisfaction the efforts in the area of gender equality, the consecration of the principle of equality before the law between women and men in the Constitution, the creation of the Ministry of Women's Affairs and the accession to CEDAW.
Barrister; head of the Swiss delegation to GRECO
94. Finally, I made the following suggestions for more developed cooperation between myself, as Special Rapporteur, and the Committee:
It urges the State party to conduct research on the prevalence, causes and consequences of violence against women, including domestic violence, to serve as the basis for comprehensive and targeted intervention and to include the results of such research and of the impact of follow-up action taken in its next periodic report.
Study on the effects of disposing of pig manure with EM and OL.
Eligibility for the programme is restricted to jobseekers that have a lack of foundation skills and are at risk of long-term unemployment.
Burundi 79 - 86 16
7. Welcoming the State party's commitment to combating trafficking in human beings, she requested more information on how the measures described in the responses to the list of issues and questions were implemented in rural areas.
30. Commission ceasefire violation report on the incident in Dar es Salaam and Wada general area (September 2004)
You will be asked to identify ten items, supplying three pertinent facts about each one.
The Patriarchal-Vassal System in Qing Dynasty was one of the unequal feudal international systematic structures in Eastern Asian area, including China, Korea, Vietnam, and so on.
In 2012, Women's Poverty Matters found that recent changes in legislation by the Government of the United Kingdom to revise the benefits system in order to reduce cost, suggested that payment of family and children's benefits should be payable to only one person in the household.
Then what's your idea of a good price
Total contributions to it amounted to $28,060,344; assistance other than through the common fund amounted to $11,114,909.
T. Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.66
EXECUTIVE BOARD
The little boy squirmed with shame.
The construction noise is the main pollution of residence zone.
Mr. Ramamurti Rajaraman, Prof., Co-Chair International Panel on Fissile Materials
to the General Assembly of the United Nations With a view to commencing early substantive work during its 2005 session, the Conference requested the current President and the incoming President to conduct consultations during the intersessional period and, if possible, make recommendations, taking into account all relevant proposals, including those submitted as the documents of the Conference on Disarmament, views presented and discussions held, and to endeavour to keep the membership of the Conference informed, as appropriate, of their consultations.
Chamberlain Blood, Sweat and Tears I considered it in the public interest to suggest that the House should be summoned to meet today.
This is an easy way to accumulate a lot of outstanding work, and in consequence, give up working before seeing the results.
Abstaining:
5 October 1983a
The Secretary-General noted that moving from ceasefire agreements to durable peace was essential for the future stability of Myanmar and that equally important to the prospects of durable peace and democracy was the need to address the pressing humanitarian and socio-economic challenges facing the people.
The Secretary-General indicated that the Mission has had to adjust its operational requirements due to the degradation of the security situation and has postponed the planned drawdown of police personnel.
"Recalling its relevant resolutions relating to the prevention and suppression of terrorism, as well as Security Council resolutions 1373 (2001) of 28 September 2001, 1377 (2001) of 12 November 2001 and 1456 (2003) of 20 January 2003,
their judgment also said it did not matter that Mr Assange has not yet been accused of an offence in Sweden.
-He wasn''t going to go. -He was too afraid.
We understand that it is not ideal.
In other instances, activities in the 1994-1995 work programme were fragmented into small components which appeared to be a description of a process that leads to a clearly identifiable output or service.
Whoever illegally trades in or transports nuclear materials shall be punished according to the provisions of the preceding paragraph.
The European Union should stress the importance of renewable energies as a means to eradicate the cause of anthropogenic climatic change (Almeria).
"I will make Pathros desolate, Set a fire in Zoan And execute judgments on Thebes.
Whether did such practice disobey the unit excuse me new labor contract law?
It is the presumption and arrogance of science rationality to neglect and abandon this separation.
The Government continued to supervise, support and endeavour to implement the UNCCD.
12:6 For even thy brethren, and the house of thy father, even they have dealt treacherously with thee; yea, they have called a multitude after thee: believe them not, though they speak fair words unto thee.
In its resolution 66/246, the Assembly had reaffirmed the established budgetary procedures and decided that no change to those procedures should be implemented without its prior review and approval.
That would make possible a better use of the time available to us this afternoon and would enable us not to eat into the time allotted for the meetings of the Working Groups by having to schedule another plenary meeting for this general exchange of views.
We support the Government of Afghanistan's priorities on the issues of security, governance, economy, counter-terrorism, counter-narcotics and regional cooperation.
Last year, the annual per capita income of rural residents was about $606, less than a third the level of urban per capita incomes.
And Moses took the wagons and the oxen, and gave them unto the Levites.
The representatives of Cameroon the United States and the Russian Federation orally corrected the draft resolution.
Goose jewelry is a great way to show that you just "honk" about someone.
That's why cuddling asa relief as finally getting off our feet for the day.
Aspects of this culture include long work hours, negative attitudes about work/life balance, perceptions of career timetables geared to a male life pattern, an ethos of presenteeism and a male-oriented style of management, communication and leadership.
You are waiting with anxious eyes at my door , sleepless and silent .
However, the amount of revenue that would be generated, even under mandatory models, would depend on the number of paying individuals or entities and the amount or percentage assessed.
In paragraph 1, the words "continue to" could be added, so that the paragraph would read as follows: "Urges the Secretary-General to continue to avail the Decolonization Branch of all necessary and adequate financial, human and technical resources;".
The "results of investigation", announced by it twice to prove that the case "was linked with the north", were full of doubts, sparking off bitterer ridicule and criticism at home and abroad.
It was very important in particular for the Committee to take decisions on questions of programme planning, especially as the Committee for Programme and Coordination would be reviewing the medium-term plan in a few months' time.
The importance of linking the review of the Strategic Plan with the continuing work of the Basel Convention regional centres and the Partnership Programme was stressed.
The Department also plays a key role in the provision of advice and recommendations to the International Civil Service Commission with respect to security-related allowances and entitlements applicable across the United Nations common system.
Make reconciliation of bank accounts . 6.
3. The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination held two regular sessions in 1997.
Distr.: General
Deeply concerned that, despite the resolutions adopted on this issue by the General Assembly, the Human Rights Council, the Commission on Human Rights and at United Nations conferences held in the 1990s and at their five-year reviews, and contrary to norms of international law and the Charter, unilateral coercive measures continue to be promulgated, implemented and enforced by, inter alia, resorting to war and militarism, with all their negative implications for the social-humanitarian activities and economic and social development of developing countries, including their extraterritorial effects, thereby creating additional obstacles to the full enjoyment of all human rights by peoples and individuals under the jurisdiction of other States,
Moreover, the patient should continue to participate in activities of daily living to improve self care abilities.
Result: 4 cases were cured with satisfied outline of unclear scar and non constriction of anterior naris.
The absence of war is an essential condition for competitive sport.
The sight of the policeman made the murderer all of a dither.
Section B clarifies the securities fraudulence can form a tort action.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a report on the work of the Security Council during the presidency of the Russian Federation in August 2010.
The number of meetings held increased by 68 per cent: from 2,571 meetings in the biennium 2006-2007 to 4,313 meetings in the biennium 2008-2009, after the renovation.
It is further concerned that women and girls who have been trafficked may be punished for violation of migration laws and are thus revictimized.
A fielding and throwing of a baseball in such a way that enables a teammate to put out a runner.
(c) Observer for national human rights institutions: International Coordinating Committee of National Human Rights Institutions;
They invoked help in the desperate situation.
I called for another barrel of wine, and they gave it to me.
Since the adoption of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, regular budget resources have been provided under (a) section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council Affairs and conference management, of the programme budget for the provision of conference services to the Conference of the Parties, and (b) section 16, International drug control, crime and terrorism prevention and criminal justice, to carry out functions related to the implementation of the Convention.
Institutional and structural forms of violence include laws and policies that maintain one group's advantage over another in places of employment, and in terms of educational opportunities, access to resources, forms and places of worship, protection by the police and other State forces, and Government services and benefits.
Inadmissibility of certain practices that contribute to fuelling contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance
GIMP version history
More options and latest coupons
Other celebrities on the list included U.S. heiress and socialite Paris Hilton (sixth) and Leona Lewis, a winner of Britain's The X Factor television talent show (ninth).
This manifests itself in many forms, including physical/bodily harm, sexual activity elicited through the use of force, assault, the use of physical violence to instil fear, threats and intimidation and economic deprivation.
Your best fighter against my best. 2.
Furthermore , a sort of thermaltracking digital control law is presented using the dynamic matrix control principle.
Most gene products have N\ | signal peptide and glycosylation sites.
As we clear the way, the others can follow, which is what the role of map carver is all about.
If I don't enjoy something, I get rid of it or don't do it.
Not that I heard of.
Needless to say, Republicans won't go along with anything like this. They balk even at the president's modest plan.
19 Talking About Time 121. What time is it now
In December 2001, the General Assembly transformed the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements into a fully-fledged United Nations Human Settlements Programme, demonstrating a commitment to implementing the millennium development goals, including the urgent need to improve the lives of more than 100 million slum dwellers by 2020.
When she was asked why she was absent from the party, no answer is forthcoming.
Djibouti Egypt
Recommendations were made by the reviewing States parties to extend the scope of the relevant offences and provide for appropriate sanctions for parliamentarians.
Austria
We need a United Nations capable of rising to the challenges involved in settling the Palestinian question definitively; promoting disarmament and the regulation of the nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction; promoting the rule of law at the national and international levels; promoting fair trade; countering terrorism and organized transnational crime; exercising the responsibility to protect; fighting impunity by strengthening international justice; and protecting civilians, in particular children, women and the elderly in situations of armed conflict; and so on.
If a definition was pursued, then it should be freed from international humanitarian law and made applicable outside armed conflict situations.
Department for General Assembly and Conference Management
I had been writing for years that unless growing inequality – especially in the US, but also in many countries throughout the world – was addressed, there would be political consequences.
You take that old - style music and filter it through your youthful sensibilities, bridging the generations.
It could be used in cases of non-compliance that have gone beyond the treaty arrangements themselves.
In April 1995 a truck bomb exploded in front of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, killing 168 people and injuring more than 500, making it one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in United States history
" Scientists at Stanford University have suggested that a more supportive pillow can reduce the breathing difficulties that can interrupt your snoozing.
As the Special Rapporteur has stated elsewhere, criticism is not a crime but an exercise of freedom of conscience, an act of intelligence.
Having considered the political, security and economic threats facing Arab national security and endangering regional and international peace and security as a result of the criminal growth of the terrorist organization Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and other armed extremist groups that promote religious, sectarian or ethnic slogans that incite violence, extremism and terrorism,
Informal consultations on agenda item 38 (The situation in Afghanistan) (convened by the delegation of Germany)
In addition, the transfer costs of remittances should be reduced (Atkinson, 2004).
Article 35.A judge should have rich social experience and profound understanding to the social reality.
You can try on first then decide whether to buy.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of over a dozen cancers, including lung, oral, stomach, and liver cancer.
Side events and briefings were also organized.
Secondly, I underlined to the two Ministers that a dialogue among East Timorese representatives of all shades of opinion could make important contributions to the ongoing bilateral dialogue under my auspices.
7.8 Proportion of population using an improved drinking water sourcea
It also wished to know how the international community could best respond to the situation of political prisoners in the country.
A joint UNMIK-Provisional Institutions of Self-Government task force was established to coordinate support to the revenue collection efforts of KEK.
The main building of Beichuan Middle School in Mianyang City, 160 kilometers northeast of Chengdu, d when the quake hit at around 2:30 pm, and very few students escaped, parents and rescuers said.
d) allocating $18 million for the misnamed TV and Radio Marti broadcastings from a C-130 COMMANDO SOLO airborne platform to be used exclusively for that purpose.
Article 12 of the Act specifies what land qualifies as Indian land and provides for protection mechanisms, setting limits on legal transactions that might be prejudicial.
Recommends that States parties should make every effort to ensure that their national statistical services responsible for planning national censuses and other social and economic surveys formulate their questionnaires in such a way that data can be disaggregated according to gender, with regard to both absolute numbers and percentages, so that interested users can easily obtain information on the situation of women in the particular sector in which they are interested.
Emphasizing the importance of national, regional and global action and cooperation in the marine sector as recognized by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in chapter 17 of Agenda 21,
Mr. Philippe Petit*, Mr. Jean Félix-Paganon, Mr. Serge Telle, Mr. Harold Valentin, Ms. Françoise Tisseyre-Girard, Ms. Salina Grenet, Ms. Chantal Poiret, Mr. Jean-François Dobelle, Mr. François Saint-Paul, Ms. Brigitte Collet, Mr. Jean-Claude Schlumberger, Ms. Michèle Dubrocard, Ms. Aline Kuster-Menager, Mr. Hervé Magro, Ms. Michèle WeilGuthmann, Ms. Hélène Duchêne, Mr. Hugues Moret, Mr. Christophe Luprich, Ms. Agnès Bisch, Mr. Didier Le Bret, Ms. Marine de Carne, Ms. Emmanuelle Ducos, Mr. Pascal Rouzaud, Ms. Mathilde Renaudin, Ms. Nathalie Cheynis, Mr. JeanPhilippe Charlemagne, Mr. Pierre Truche, Mr. Emmanuel Decaux, Mr. Gérard Fellous, Mr. Paul Maloukou
Geographical proximity to Fiji means that where a need arises, students will attend training in Suva before returning to Tuvalu.
We'd better stagger our time to surf on the internet in order not to jam the network.
LIN KONG online is specialized is engaged in the network game research and development and the operation new generation interacts the entertainment enterprise.
Sixtieth session
Allocation of items
 5.2 With regard to the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the author explains that he was convicted by the court of first instance and that his appeals to the Supreme Military Court and the Supreme Court of the Netherlands were rejected.
flexor carpi radialis ( flexor of the hand )
A YEAR AFTER Louis XVIII's restoration, a visit was made by the inspector - general of prisons.
Furthermore, conversions to continuing appointments should be reviewed by empowered, revamped central review bodies.
Building Strategies for Public Policies in a Globalizing Environment, in October;
The Chair said that the delegation of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States, seconded by the delegations of Argentina, Brazil and El Salvador, had nominated Mr. Maradiaga (Honduras) for the office of Vice-Chair of the forty-sixth session of the Commission.
As regards document A/CN.9/WG.I/WP.79/Add.16, the Working Group agreed:
 5. The communication submitted by the source, a summary of which was forwarded to the Government, concerned the following persons:
It's an excellent aperitif wine and would go great with succulent roast chicken.
(a) A report on ways in which possible international agreements on competition might apply to developing countries, including through preferential or differential treatment, with a view to enabling them to introduce and enforce competition law and policy; and
United Nations Office in Belgrade
Elimination or Convergence--a Comparison between the Philosophy of Rorty and that of Apel
It has more vivid and true advertising image and building profile.
19. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
No information is available at this stage on damage to property or persons.
(k) Conduct security patrols, including the guarding of key points.
Since the onset of the current crisis, however, IMF has measurably changed its lending framework.
For sale at the Museum Shop.
This document was widely distributed at the level of United Nations agencies and bodies.
Courses for detainees
We propose that the meetings of the Organizational Committee be conducted openly and publicly to ensure that States not members at a given moment but that do participate in its creation in the Assembly will be aware of its progress at first hand.
Kansai Independent Baseball League
Others have documented the violations of women's rights in global supply chains.
First performance report (October 2010)
 (c) Urges those Governments that in the past have made generous contributions to UNRWA to continue to do so and to strive to increase them;
We must submit our claim for a shortage of goods.
This movie is certain to delight.
December 2012
But I didn't realize that I was at the end of the field, and I hadn't picked any because you told me not to go back, so I didn't go back.
Your search criteria are: Ming Tak Estate - Car park Management
This herb nourishes the yin of the stomach , lungs and kidneys . Can be used for recovery from a long illness .
This situation prevents a clear understanding of the state of infrastructure at the subregional and regional levels.
In their political declaration, world leaders had reaffirmed their commitment to addressing the special needs of Africa -- a continent where, despite considerable improvements, the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including the MDGs, remained elusive.
To achieve that, we call on all sides to seriously engage with others in a cooperative manner and to take action to build confidence.
The Fifth Committee will hold informal consultations (closed) on Wednesday, 23 November 2005, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
In addition, Fortis said the Dutch central bank will withhold approval for the sale of commercial-banking assets to Deutsche Bank AG for 709 million until further notice.
Political and military security will not be sustainable in the long-term without guaranteeing economic, energy and food security; preventing environmental risks associated with technology; and effectively countering international terrorism, drug trafficking, the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and other global challenges.
 Sir, Our message to you is necessitated by the serious aggravation of the situation on the Tajik-Afghan frontier.
Antonio Viegas, Albino Barros, Natalina de Araujo and at least two unnamed others, all students, were reportedly shot and wounded in a confrontation with Indonesian police in Dili, East Timor, on 14 November 1997.
The situation in Asia is characterized by the diversity of its political and economic systems and unique cultural traditions, and therefore requires due attention to these particularities in the formulation of approaches for enhancing security and prosperity of our peoples.
Thirteenth session
The Institute has also been supporting and co-organizing workshops and events of the Hiroshima Peacebuilders Center under the Program for Human Resource Development in Asia for Peacebuilding, which is commissioned by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan.
With a Department of Religious Affairs that has about 85,000 employees (including imams and hitaps appointed, paid and supervised by the Department) and manages thousands of mosques, pilgrimages and the whole field of religious education, and with the compulsory religious and ethics courses given in primary and secondary schools, the State exercises control and supervision over the majority religion, both for its adherents (99 percent of the population) and for its servants (i.e. religious personnel who have the status of State agents and can be given directives and instructions as needed).
(ii) International trade
Downstairs, a beggar scratched out a tune on a street - organ and sang an old Warsaw melody.
6. Emphasizes that no religion should be equated with terrorism, as this may have adverse consequences on the enjoyment of the right to freedom of religion or belief of all members of the religious community concerned;
If you feel acute soreness or have lingereing fatigue, progress to the next week's training only when you can comfortably complete the preceding week's goal.
17. Financial decisions must be made with respect to several of the treaty bodies.
Any open, unresolved or newly emerging questions related to mandate review would be addressed in the Council through an appropriate mechanism.
4. The ministry has been actively helping rural populations to achieve a better work-life balance.
I guess I'd better get out the Christmas ornaments.
22. The Chairman said that the representatives of the Dominican Republic and Ecuador had asked to participate in the discussion in accordance with rule 43 of the rules of procedure.
After many years of public debate on rights to natural resources in Finnmark County, the Act relating to legal relations and the management of land and natural resources in the county of Finnmark was adopted in 2005.
* "Requests the Secretary-General to develop a strategic plan with indicators, benchmarks, time lines and clear criteria for the implementation of mobility policies and to report thereon, including with information on the financial implications, to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session;
Important instruments for controlling brokers in the international trade in small arms and light weapons contain the provision that all business partners must be notified to the licence, authority, along with the character of their involvement in a given contract.
Andrea: They can be cute and cuddly.
The Romance of a Hairpin
71. Given the relevance of regional consultative processes in building partnerships among Governments, it was suggested that stronger linkages between those processes and researchers could be beneficial.
She also expected the newly established Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States to play an important role in development efforts.
Croatia
A series of straw votes made it clear that the candidate favoured by the developing countries had enough votes so that – even if the votes would never be officially counted – the developing countries had no reason to back down.
Lots may be redrawn on the last day of the session of the Implementation Review Group in order to allow States parties under review sufficient time for consultations on whether they would like a draw to be repeated.
Is it water retention? Q: I weigh myself both in the morning and again at night.
49. As indicated earlier, the Working Group appreciates the role of the superior judiciary to protect individual liberty but also notes that, despite handing down release orders, detainees are either not released and re-arrested within the premises of detention or soon thereafter on some other set of charges.
Opening four new printing-plant sites and increasing the number of registered users on the Times Web site from 6.2 million to 9 million by year's end.
Some of the youths broke hotel windows in order to escape.
2. The only new mandate affecting the programme narratives of the approved biennial programme plan and priorities for the period 2006-2007 relates to safety and security.
Please indicate how the Government intends to improve the collection of data disaggregated by sex pertaining to the areas of the Convention so as to support policymaking and programme development and to measure progress towards implementation of the Convention.
But he kept making excuses for postponing the surrender.
a) Husband/partner interrupted work (94%);
Henan Military District
Erosion of the value of the dollar abroad.
The formation of separable two-character word group also suffers from the role of analogy.
Yeah,so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume.
In paragraph 2, the following words should be deleted: "Takes note with appreciation of the new States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as the Optional Protocols to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and". In the same paragraph, the words "and, while acknowledging that additional States have recently become parties to these instruments," should be inserted before "requests".
(c) Promoting, through advanced technology, easy and economic information exchange, international and national cooperation, and elaborate upon information collection methodologies and standards for greater application worldwide.
By early in the next century the Asian economies together will exceed the European Union or NAFTA in absolute size.
The meeting will take place on Wednesday, 7 December 1994, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room E.
(d) Opportunities to take advantage of big data, taking into due consideration the need to protect the privacy of individuals, ensure the sustainability of data-sharing by the private sector, strengthen the ecosystem to create an enabling environment for innovation, and support broad public sector adoption of new data sources, technologies and approaches;
The third part will study the history evolution and function of seven garrisons.
Programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013: report of the Fifth Committee (A/68/688) [item 133]
These matters are marginal for the telecommunications market in private hands, but they are considerably significant from strategic, economic and social standpoints.
Japan's transportation infrastructure has also suffered, and cropland and aquaculture installations have been degraded or wiped out.
Strategic operational plans
 10. It is my intention to appoint a Senior Electoral Officer who, under the direct supervision of my Special Representative, will follow the preparatory phases of the electoral process on a full-time basis.
(a) the State in question establishes that the act is attributable to the insurrectional movement; and
OBJECTIVE: To study the change regular of esterase isozyme and peroxidase isozyme of Polyporus umbellatus.
Interaction with Governments in the AsianPacific region which are in the process of setting up human rights institutions;
His numbers and production have ranked up there with all the stars of the league.
Democracy means freedom and equal rights for everyone.
Auto Quality Control and Measurement Technology (Shanghai) Conference
If no mortal sword will kill it.
Aria is often elaborate composition for solo voice (occasionally for two solo voice) with instrumental accompaniment.
So they went into Death's great greenhouse, where flowers and trees grew strangely into one another.
Stefanos Tsitsipas
Muzaffarabad District
  The application websites are www.hab.gov.hk (Hong Kong), www.sport.gov.mo (Macao), www.bjtx.org (Taiwan), www.bjqb.gov.cn (overseas Chinese), and www.ebeijing.gov.cn (foreigners).
After the huge meal he loosened his belt and went to sleep.
(a) Prosecutor;
It also highlighted, inter alia, measures adopted to combat domestic violence, promote the participation of women in public life and promote equality of opportunities in the labour market.
:: Tratado de Derecho Penal Especial, vol. I, 2001.
Recalling also Human Rights Council resolutions 5/1 and 5/2 of 18 June 2007,
Annex
Algeria attaches particular importance to the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development, given its undeniable contribution to consolidating and implementing the commitments made at the Monterrey and Doha Conferences.
Environment: high risk for aquatic invertebrates.
Microfinance and women's empowerment: myths and realities.
Brown-eyed people, like actor Johnny Depp, were also thought to be more affectionate and kind.
Recruited and trained 20 Liberian prison officers for the Monrovia prison
(c) how many kinds of drugs or chemicals, other than chloroform, are currently available in the market, which can induce unconsciousness upon inhalation and can be bought easily by the public without any restriction?
The DPRK introduced its implementation of the second phase action plan of the Six-Party Talks, and expressed willingness to honor its commitment to pressing ahead with the Talks.
The child is backward in his studies.
UNEF (1956)
An amount of $30,000 is proposed under this heading.
Recognizing the importance of improving the implementation and enhancing the monitoring of the arms embargo in Somalia through persistent and vigilant investigation into violations of the arms embargo,
In public that is.
Corrigendum
Conventional accounting statements are not adjusted for change in the value of the dollar . Accounting Period.
The present measure is issued under the authority of the Ministries Act (as revised by Decree No. 438/92) and its amendments.
"The most recent of those aggressions -- what Israel called the "Autumn Clouds" operation and the brutal crime which it perpetrated against Palestinian civilians in Beit Hanoun -- elicited anger, denunciation and condemnation from various States and regional and international organizations.
The Government is striving hard to tackle the resource shortage, but it is a Herculean task in the face of the twin menaces of unemployment and poverty.
Crew allowance
Draft programme of work for the biennium 2004-02005 for the Statistics Division, Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Publications policy
Under the Act, the entire population has to be insured against the costs of curative medical treatment.
As to the manner of ensuring financial security for prompt and adequate compensation the last three paragraphs leave the State of origin free.
28. Mr. Kinniburgh (Director, Development Policy and Planning Office, Department of Economic and Social Affairs), introducing the report of the Secretary-General on unilateral economic measures as a means of political and economic coercion against developing countries (A/58/301), said that it contained the replies of Member States to a note verbale from the Secretary-General requesting their views on the question.
71. Legal protection of the rights of persons with disabilities derives from the Constitution and the Equal Opportunity Act, 2000.
A mouse generally contains a control ball or a pair of wheels.
I thought everyone knew how to swim.
1991 FE
N-tetra-chloroethylidenephosphoramidic dichloride
It has spearheaded the development of strategic frameworks in such areas as agriculture and food security, infrastructure, governance and health.
In the overall staffing structure, the qualified in the secondary health care participate with 45,9%, and then the tertiary level follows with 30,4%, the lowest participation is the one from the primary health care of 23,7%.
It was suggested that the Board might form a subgroup to advise the Secretary-General during the lead-up to that conference.
Sixty-third Session
In 2009, women made up 92 per cent of head teachers in primary schools and 80 per cent of secondary head teachers.
Introduction
The air is less fresh, and a lot of people even get many stranger diseases.
鈥淥ver there, at the end, the big one; how is it you don't see it?
Mr. Cochard (Observer for the Association française des entreprises privées) expressed support for alternative A, which was preferable both on account of its consistency with other regulations applicable to banks and in the interests of legal certainty.
30 March 1988
Trial computations have been made for some countries, using selected indicators.
When writing to buffers, C programmers must take care not to store more data in the buffer than it can hold.
Vienna, 29 and 30 November 2007
 In addition, the team leadership qualities of the resident coordinator are an important element.
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued.
Doing my best job for your company
The characteristics of college students' moral socialization are: the unity of passivity and initiative;
Roles and responsibilities in managing and directing special political missions
When I say UFO, the witnesses have described this craft as "disco-shaped" or "cylinder shape" or "spherical" .
By its resolution 1532 (2004), the Council imposed an assets freeze on Charles Taylor and his associates.
Irregular and inadequate road signs and failure to meet technical standards for the often dilapidated vehicles, along with lack of respect for basic rules of the road due to the indiscipline and dangerous behaviour of users, all increase the risks of human failing.
that you would get angry with your friends, we can conclude you still care about the friendship between you.
The leaders of Venezuela and Cuba are set to meet Wednesday.
Michael Chiklis
What he looked for in others was a "good heart", and if he found one, the owner was good enough for him.
Rhine
Jiangnan Subdistrict, Meizhou
The Programme is supporting initiatives that are helping local assembly members communicate more effectively about the responsibilities of government and to ensure that communities have full access to information about local budget execution.
As requested by the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights, OHCHR continued to work in close collaboration and coordination with the Division for Social Policy and Development of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) in supporting the work of the Ad Hoc Committee.
5. Commends the contribution of troop and police contributing countries and donors to UNAMID notes that UNAMID is nearing full deployment; underlines the need for capable units able to carry out UNAMID's mandated tasks; in this regard, requests the continuing assistance of donors to troop and police contributing countries in ensuring units are suitably trained and equipped to conduct and sustain themselves on operations and calls on Member States to pledge and contribute the remaining military utility helicopters, aerial reconnaissance, and other force enablers required;
"Father!
at or during the time that, He wants to help people when they are ill
7. At previous sessions, the Fifth Committee, submitted to the General Assembly a draft decision containing the name of a Member State whose Auditor-General, or officer holding the equivalent title, was recommended for appointment.
Israel failed to provide him with proper medical care during his imprisonment, allowing the cancer to spread throughout his body.
Roman Constitution
Olympic fencers of South Korea
Noting the provision of free primary and secondary education, it encouraged Colombia to continue extending education coverage in rural areas.
Sometimes, out of boredom, he carried out operations without anesthetic, removing organs from conscious victims.
Safety Bulletin 4/2008
For that purpose, the Working Group had before it two conference room papers (A/HRC/WG.2/15/CRP.3 and 4) containing, respectively, submissions received from Governments, groups of Governments and regional groups, and from other stakeholders.
Seriously concerned about the devastating impact of disasters,
Open this directory and dump some files into it.
From 26 September to 20 October, the ban on gatherings (five people or more) enshrined in the Myanmar law was strictly applied and a curfew severely restricted the freedom of movement of people, lending a hand to the security forces for the conduct of night raids.
To vacate the use of condom in the civilian to preclude AIDS,demonstrating the significance,essentiality and double protection of the condom generalization.
In indicator of achievement (ii), after "in which", add "conflicts or situations of conflict exist, and in which", and delete ", including in cooperation with partners,".
5. Legal changes
"4. Of all persons executed in 2000 and 2001, how many were executed under article 256 of the Penal Code and/or other penal provisions which relate to national security?
B. MYFF priority goal 2: Fostering democratic governance
In favour:
I have always had a grateful heart.
The Committee also encourages the State party to continue to actively participate in the Preparatory Committee of the Durban Review Conference, as well as in the Durban Review Conference in 2009.
As outlined above, all RFMOs have agreed to specific and detailed measures that place obligations on flag States, such as the recording and timely reporting of fisheries data and the implementation of observer programmes and inspection and monitoring, control and enforcement schemes, including vessel monitoring systems.
7. Delegations will be seated in English alphabetical order.
56. Despite the relatively high costs involved, public work schemes are generally found to be ineffective in achieving labour market reintegration and in increasing earnings.
In giving judgement, the Chief Justice stated,
From 09:00 to 10:30, in Conference Room B (NLB).
This deficiency has seriously impaired its ability to deal effectively with organized crime and corruption.
204. Also at the same meeting, the representatives of Austria (on behalf of Members of the European Union that are members of the Council), China, Cuba, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uganda, the United States of America and Uruguay made general comments in relation to the draft resolution and the proposed oral amendment.
50. In addition, the Procurement Division is in the process of amending the Procurement Manual as it relates to recommended timelines for submissions of bids for short-term logistics requirements.
4. Services infrastructure for development, trade efficiency and human resources development
A friend of mine lives in a college building.
Gambia
Reduce child mortality
4. Adequate time and facilities to prepare a defence
Whenever an account receivable from a specific customer is determined to be uncollectible, it no longer qualifies as an asset and should be written off.
Value added by UNDP
The meeting was called to order at 10 a.m.
(a) Strengthen its programmes for the safe and orderly repatriation of unaccompanied minors on the southern and northern borders;
It organized regular meetings for the special political and peacekeeping missions in the subregion to discuss issues that go beyond borders and problems of common concern in the management of such missions, including their military components.
ORGANIZATIONS
1. Requests UNDP to review its management response to the evaluation of UNDP assistance to conflict-affected countries as contained in DP/2007/4, taking into account the UNDP mandate and the views expressed by the Member States, and to present the revised response for the consideration of the Executive Board at its annual session 2007;
Observer status in the General Assembly for the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria
(c) Children receive proper legal defence at all stages of legal proceedings, including during police interviews and regular inspections of those centres be carried out by judges and public prosecutors.
People - oriented and actively promote quality education and to promote the harmonious development of and students.
Muslims by branch
Thanks to these structures, the Order is in a position to maintain, on a world scale, hundreds of hospitals, clinics and medical-social centres, homes for the elderly and the handicapped, units for the terminally ill, and structures for refugees and for drug addicts.
Objective To explore the regularity of damage of anti-lipid peroxidation by air pollutants, and to provide experimental basis for revealing the pathogenetic mechanism of air pollutants.
IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have caused this Agreement the day year first above written.
We weren't compatible
Department of Field Support/Field Personnel Division/Field Personnel Specialist Support Service/Guidance and Organizational Design Section
His treatment of the animal was cruel.
2015 session
Your job will be stored in the printer as if it is an electronic file cabinet.
Most of the Parties indicated their need for assistance in undertaking specific activities and implementing measures concerning climate change.
We have your money, Dr. Evil, but it wasn't easy.
Unless outstanding pledges are fulfilled, the programme will continue to suffer as a result of a growing gap between demobilization and reintegration and will lack sufficient funding for its activities in 2011.
This is an important element to ensure that the institutional memory can be preserved until the completion of a trial, and it supports staff morale by providing increased employment security.
I wish to say one word on women in that context.
Composition of the bureaux of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies for the period 2008-2009
At its 85th plenary meeting, on 20 December 1993, the General Assembly on the recommendation of the Third Committee, 73/ having recalled Economic and Social Council resolution 1993/54 of 29 July 1993, decided to declare 3 May World Press Freedom Day.
We just stopped that thing. What was that called?
The students are having a Music lesson.
UNITAR will continue these efforts.
25 September 1979
Lastly, it commended the efforts of UNDCP to implement the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly.
The Workshop reached the following conclusions:
For countries with a strong domestic export base and technological capacity, the challenge is mainly to see how inward FDI can help the country to maintain its export competitiveness and to upgrade its exports into more sophisticated products and services.
Regarding the integration of the different sectoral vulnerability assessments, the representative of Morocco emphasized that some sectors such as agriculture and water resources are integrated by default, given their close relationships.
Beta-Hydroxy beta-methylbutyric acid
If a display and optics are provided for each eye, the view can be in stereo.
Rehabilitation of survivors
Fluent in and comprehensive English; good computer skills.
Another border crossing point, located at Bokayaa (northern border), is currently under construction and expected to be operational by the beginning of July 2007.
Three of the other funds did not, however, have a strategy to direct their activities in support of their mandates and objectives.
Representatives of the following States members of UNCTAD but not members of the Trade and Development Board attended the session:
9. Calls upon States and other entities referred to in article 10, paragraph 1, of the Agreement to Promote Compliance with International Conservation and Management Measures by Fishing Vessels on the High Seas that have not deposited instruments of acceptance of the Agreement to do so;
George Bush senior was president of the United States, and so was George Bush Junior.
The programme of action includes elements of prevention, addressing impunity and providing witness protection and assistance to victims of sexual violence, and will constitute a stopgap measure pending the establishment of a national action plan to combat sexual violence by the Government.
The document provides the outcome statement of the Eye on Earth summit held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, from 12 to 15 December 2011.
After all, they are the homes of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, Intel, Microsoft, and Samsung – companies whose innovations transform the way other sectors, from financial services to telecoms and media, do business.
I don't think that's going to be you.
Thus this topology not only leads to disruptions and errors during performance testing but also becomes difficult to drive the desired throughput and load on solution servers.
Doctorate in Comparative Law, University of Aix-Marseilles
8. Requests all United Nations bodies, including the human rights treaty bodies, acting within their mandates, the specialized agencies and governmental, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to cooperate fully with all mechanisms of the Commission on Human Rights and, in particular, to provide them with all relevant information in their possession on the human rights situations creating or affecting refugees and displaced persons;
"the Secretary-General, in his capacity as depositary of the Convention and the Protocols thereto, to continue to inform the General Assembly periodically, by electronic means, of ratifications and acceptances of and accessions to the Convention and the Protocols thereto".
The same law applied to elected representatives.
Local remedies do not need to be exhausted where:
525. In paragraph 114, the Board recommended that UNHCR review the various approaches to project tracking across its network in order to identify best practices with wider applicability and assess compatibility with the corporate information technology strategy.
The manufacture of oil pipe requires a steady rest that provides strength, accuracy and repeatability.
This dialogue will help determine the ultimate destination of that journey.
Resolution adopted by the Human Rights Council
aerial conveyers for transporting raw materials; aerial cable cars; an aerial walkway between the buildings.
Stocks and convertible bonds -- at cost (market value: $24 055 540 101)
 30. The revised policy guidelines and procedures for the Headquarters Committee on Contracts have been finalized and are being implemented.
Articles 9, 13 (1a, 1), 17
I convey to him our unwavering readiness to cooperate during the year of his mandate.
Creation scientists say that perhaps God sent the younger dinosaurs to the ark, and if so, they would not be the larger size.Many have asked, How did Noah manage to keep all the animals fed, and how did he keep them from eating each other Again, Bible-believing scientists have a very good theory
47. The Syrian Arab Republic had frequently expressed its commitment to a fair and just peace, but the Israeli response to its initiatives and overtures had been to prevaricate and continue with its well-known practices in the occupied Arab territories, including the continued detention of thousands of Palestinians and the maintenance of the blockade on Gaza.
Report of the Secretary-General on the final evaluation of the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative for the Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s (E/AC.51/2001/L.6/Add.39/Rev.1, para __)
The State party should adopt the necessary measures to ensure that crimes of torture are prosecuted as a separate offence and that the charge corresponds to the serious nature of the crime, and should not allow cases of torture to be subsumed under other related offences.
Wednesday, 19 May
In that connection, CPC had recommended that programme managers should be held accountable for the achievement of results and for providing more detailed information on how lessons were learned and shared.
I need to repeat, please hurry to establish contact with me, no doubt you and I are a wise choice.
And the land of Juda shall be a terror to Egypt: every one that shall remember it shall tremble because of the counsel of the Lord of hosts, which he hath determined concerning it.
2. The Commission shall examine applications in the order in which they are received.
This is all the more important because the lack of independence particularly affects the military judicial system, which remains dependent on the military hierarchy;
The soldiers deliberately trampled on a three-month-old infant.
This problem is above my comprehension.
170. The text that appeared in draft article 89, therefore, was said to be the result of a carefully crafted compromise that had involved extensive negotiations over a number of sessions of the Working Group.
The old man walked with a shuffle.
5. The Agency also continued its involvement in projects to secure, through repatriation, highly enriched uranium (HEU) research reactor fuel.
Any worker who has been absent from the workplace without a proper explanation more than 32 times will lose his or her right to a vacation for the period in question.
In any event, the State party had not, either directly or through its agents, violated this right, and the claim was misconceived in law.
A Traffic Grooming Algorithm Based on Shared Protection in WDM Mesh Networks
A strong centre, with a relevant enabling environment, is also an essential prerequisite for meaningful and effective decentralization.
It was further noted that, in preparation for the second cycle of the Implementation Review Mechanism, the Group should closely examine how to assess article 6 on anti-corruption bodies, taking into consideration the importance of coordination between different anti-corruption bodies.
Even if it did I'm not a crybaby like m.j.
of Discrimination against Women 52
The missions did not always have the necessary information and the Administration was not in direct relationship with the capitals of Member States, since that was the responsibility of the substantive offices.
They underlined the need to coordinate among the NAM States Parties to the Convention and expressed their commitment to work towards a successful outcome of the forthcoming Sixth Review Conference, to be held in Geneva, from 20 November to 8 December 2006.
Throughout the year, the mission worked towards creating an environment conducive to the voluntary return of displaced persons, the delivery of humanitarian aid and the free movement of humanitarian personnel in the Abyei area.
In five years, why has the CIA, the Hague, the United Nations, and NATO not been able to find a guy that we found in just two days if you actually wanted to find him?
It is a new and important direction in the examination of individual difference.
A clean, well-lighted cafe was a very different thing.
SCL is a Member of the
An agreement between the United Nations and the Republic of Benin on the enforcement of the sentences of the Tribunal was signed on 26 August 1999.
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
Lesson 51 Reward for virtue
A project to support the assessment of capacity-building needs and country-specific priorities in the conservation of biodiversity and participation in the national clearing-house mechanism will assist in identifying the capacity-building needs and country-specific priorities in the conservation of biodiversity and establish a national workable clearing-house mechanism.
I think the important thing is that there is broad agreement that was reflected in the finance ministers' statement of a couple of weeks ago to do whatever is necessary to restore growth, he said.
Before the Secretary-General places an item proposed by a specialized agency on the provisional agenda of the Sub-Commission, he shall carry out with the agency concerned such preliminary consultation as may be necessary.
The judge ordered him to purge his contempt by apologizing to the court.
(a) Submit reports to the United Nations through the Secretary-General of the United Nations; and
10. In conformity with the Esquipulas agreements, the Government and the four guerrilla fronts had negotiated an amnesty, with the participation of the United Nations and the support of the Group of Countries, friends of the peace process.
The Working Group agreed to that approach.
"Did you see how poor people can be?" he father asked.
Croatia
55. The United States recognised measures taken by Lebanon to improve its human rights situation.
Rupert Murdoch offer ed to b u y Dow Jones become ( became ) public in May.
But then l get stiffed
SINGAPORE – In recent weeks, there has been a chorus of opinion arguing for a sharp increase in global investment, particularly in infrastructure.
104. The Boards requested that the entities include in the midterm review of their integrated budgets, information on the implementation of the approved cost-recovery rates, including the approved underlying calculation methodology and the inclusion of each cost category; their actual cost recovery rates for the two previous financial years; and an analysis of compliance with the principle of full cost recovery, funded proportionally from core and non-core resources, as mandated in General Assembly resolution 67/226.
In October 2005, the Executive Committee decided to move to a biennial programme/budget cycle, effective as of the 2008-2009 biennium, and requested UNHCR to begin the necessary preparatory work, including the required revision to its Financial Rules, for preliminary consideration at the thirty-ninth meeting of the Standing Committee in July 2007, prior to submission to the ACABQ for comment, and endorsement by the Executive Committee at its 58th session.
 Most developing nations are engaged in courageous policies to restructure their economies, despite an unfavourable external environment.
Because people live longer and procreate less, raising and caring for children requires less of a parent’s life than it used to.
That information would be made available on the Committee's website and via "QuickPlace". 6. The Chair took it that, following past practice, the Committee wished to extend invitations to special procedures mandate holders of the Human Rights Council and Chairs of treaty bodies or working groups, to submit their reports to, and interact with, the Committee.
12. An on-island review conducted by the Administrator resulted in a report adopted by the General Fono in January 2004, which contains recommendations relating to the future shape and functioning of Tokelau's public services.
Indonesia
21. Mr. Stanislavov (Russian Federation) said that the Committee would be involved in discussions on the organization of the high-level meeting on financing for development and the follow-up to the Rio Conference.
 (b) Statement of the programme budget implications of draft resolution V recommended by the Economic Commission for Africa, contained in chapter I, section A, of the report of the Secretary-General (E/1994/50/Add.1);
53. At 2015 hours on 13 July, an armed terrorist group attacked and damaged Mangh Military Airport.
Unfortunately, the least developed countries would not be able to harness the full potential of science, technology and innovation unless they could increase their institutional and infrastructural capacities.
If anything, the protesters are setting the cutoff too low.
Discussion paper contributed by the forest business and industry major group
(e) Order for grounding of all Liberian-registered aircraft and revocation of all these registrations.
Cormano
She used to change her dress every day.
Report by the Secretary-General updating document E/1996/97 and Add.1 on the subsidiary bodies of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly in the economic, social and related fields.
Of the 177 recommendations, it had accepted 81, 65 did not receive its support and it undertook to consider 31 and provide responses thereto prior to or during the nineteenth session of the Human Rights Council.
That's why it is essential that you use safe tying practices.
Leaders expressed full confidence that the crisis could be overcome through such concerted efforts.
Anthony Fauci directs the National Institute of Allergy an Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Maryland.
(b) Comment on the role of the newly established ESCAP Committee on Statistics in promoting statistics development in the region;
62. The specific output from the meeting of experts at Ort Gmunden (Austria) organized by Austria and Indonesia will be a consensus text from the meeting for transmittal to the third session of IFF, with strong support from diverse communities of interest groups including developing countries, donors and non-governmental organizations.
I'm talking about major problems like data loss and program malfunction.
We believe that unconditional, non-discriminatory, legally binding, credible security assurances to the non-nuclear-weapon States only partially counterbalance the renunciation of nuclear weapons by non-nuclear-weapon States.
Weather knows no geographical boundaries.
23. In order to strengthen information security at the global level, and address the threat of information and communications technology being used for hostile purposes, the international community should increase its involvement in such areas as:
In sports, love means nil.
The Special Representative does not reflect the reality of the armed groups' attacks on hospitals, a topic to which she makes only a passing reference.
States Members of the United Nations represented by observers
Rain Raadik
I thought the exhibition showed that he had real talent.
This is Katie. Please, come in.
Japan
No, no, Robert, said the old fool. The rascals knew that yesterday was my rent day: they thought to have me cleverly.
The Working Group had before it the following documents: provisional agenda (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.117) and two notes by the Secretariat discussing the issues of the written form for the arbitration agreement (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.118), and interim measures of protection (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119).
The Human Genome Organization (HUGO), the international coordinating body for human genetics studies endorsed in March 1996 a Statement on the Principal Conduct of Genetic Research drawn up by its Ethical, Legal and Social Issues Committee.
Because the seed to go to the store to buy, so that except to save points, there is a real hard-working band with a feeling.
said M. Leblanc
Heavy Support attack type correctly changed to Machine Gun instead of Rifle.
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
In that ultra-low-interest environment, investors have been reaching for yield by bidding up the prices of equities and other investment assets.
The meeting was held in the United Nations Office at Geneva on 6 November 1997.
Getting a new PC is one thing. Keeping it running smoothly is quite another.
This first step is the trickiest - Sub-frame Assembly.
13. Canada co-sponsored the resolution on the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (resolution 64/69) at the sixty-fourth session of the General Assembly.
The recruitment, training and use of children in the conflict, especially by the armed militants, continued unabated. While recruitment of girls has been rare and is generally regarded as socially unacceptable, there are documented accounts of girls working for armed opposition groups, particularly in cooking and cleaning.
73. Draft resolution A/C.2/63/L.60 was adopted.
During the 18th century, however, Enlightenment scholars began to question the whole fabric of revealed religion.
Use(d)n't he toUsed he not toDid (Didn't) he use toWe used to be good friends.
264) Life is not all roses
He thanked Xiao Ming and said Xiao Ming's English was very good.
The stage is more beholding to love, than the life of man.
And once a subsidy is in place, it's nearly impossible to end it.
The Internet address of the interface to its national registry;
"It's not as thick as thatch, but I do my best. " She said smiling again.
Farmers who try to get around this by using the less safe roads face the above-mentioned flying checkpoints and the time it takes them to reach the markets again causes their produce to spoil.
The budgeted amount of $118,300 provides for the reimbursement of military laundry and dry-cleaning provided by UNPREDEP military contingents on a self-sustainment basis ($42,600), military haircutting ($4,900), civilian laundry ($800), cleaning of septic tanks, cleaning of premises and garbage removal ($48,000), technical repair ($6,000) and catering ($16,000).
260. The Special Rapporteur noted that a Member State had expressed the view that the rule in draft article 11 was too rigid and that the perceptions and matter of survival of treaties could change as an armed conflict unfolded, and that, accordingly, the circumstances that led to the loss of the right to put an end to a treaty could sometimes only be appreciated once the armed conflict had produced its effect on the treaty, which was not necessarily the case at the outbreak of the conflict.
In addition, I have the honour to present the report of the Board of Auditors with respect to the above accounts.
Introduction
As to what happens when the after-work drinks flow, 16 percent reported bad-mouthing a colleague, 10 percent shared a secret about a colleague, 8 percent kissed a colleague and 8 percent said they drank too much and acted unprofessionally.
The secretariat of the Fund received, analysed and adopted decisions on the admissibility of more than 400 applications from indigenous organizations and communities for this purpose.
In general, the number of refugees declined from the highs following the Second World War to 2 million-4 million during the 1950s and 1960s (not including Palestine refugees under the UNWRA mandate).
Report of the Executive Director on international cooperation in the forensic field (E/CN.15/2012/14)
21. Also decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 91,691,566 dollars for the period from 1 July to 31 August 2010, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 64/249 of 24 December 2009, and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2010, as set out in General Assembly resolution 64/248 of 24 December 2009;
As in previous years, there was an extensive debate on the item, with delegations expressing divergent views as to the status of the report.
It is no use starting late in life to say: I will take an interest in this or that. Such an attempt only aggravates the strain of mental effort.
1 1. According to a recent survey, four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.2.
Cultural mapping is typically used when communities need to negotiate territories and rights, such as access to, control and use of natural resources.
ŉ
There was a need to reach a clear agreement on the criteria and to clarify the rights of peoples.
The integration of capacity-building related to the mechanisms in a comprehensive approach to capacity-building under the Convention and the Kyoto Protocol;
Series D: Analytical studies on trade, environment and development (4)
The mouse darted away when I approached.
Mr. Gala López (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the information you have provided us on the status of the deliberations.
Groß Nordende
Annie: When was swimming regarded as a formal competitive event?
42. Requests the Secretary-General to submit proposals on compensation for the members of the Tribunal once all its members meet the criteria set out in article 3 of the statute as amended in the present resolution;
20. Welcomes the initiatives that have been taken by the Department of Public Information to strengthen the public information system of the United Nations, and, in this regard, stresses the importance of the coherent and results-oriented approach being taken by the United Nations, the specialized agencies and the programmes and funds of the United Nations system involved in public information activities and the provision of resources for their implementation, and that feedback from Member States on the relevance and effectiveness of programme delivery should be taken into account;
Male clients
Steve: You haven't moved from your desk for about five hours Mike.
To promote awareness of e-commerce and the benefits it brings, various promotional materials including pamphlets, websites and CD-Roms were produced. Free seminars and workshops were organised to provide information and advice.
My right ancon fracture a month, splint was torn open now, still can be cannot complete unbend and bend, how should I restore as soon as possible?
We thank the Austrian President of the Security Council for his comprehensive presentation in introducing the Council's report (A/64/2) under agenda item 9.
This reality determines that China's system of protecting workers' rights is different from that under the wage-labor system.
The inner normative data interface simplifies the later upgrade and maintenance of the system.
Some RFBs have also implemented joint inspection programmes to ensure that contracting parties abide by the measures they have adopted.
Even in a market where Google, Microsoft and Yahoo hog the headlines, there may be room for something different.
Resource projections by organizational unit: Ecosystem management
I mention this point now in passing and shall refer to it again.
He said Beijing's Olympic organizers had met their commitments to the IOC, though he acknowledged that 'air quality remains a concern.'
However, in most of these countries, the budget deficit/GDP ratio is expected to have turned into a budget surplus/GDP ratio in fiscal year 2000, in light of the preliminary actual budget surpluses arising as a result of the surge in the budget oil revenues during the second half of the year.
Article 2, paragraph 2, sets out the general principle of nondiscrimination in relation to these rights, while article 3 explicitly refers to equality between men and women:
Summary
Price is turning high(low).
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Azerbaijani Republic is authorized to state that all the foregoing considerations are cause for deep concern to the Azerbaijani public opinion and are forcing the Azerbaijani leaders to consider measures that would guarantee the country's security and defend its independence and sovereignty.
They have an obligation to take into account the adolescents' views, in accordance with their age and maturity, and to provide a safe and supportive environment in which the adolescent can develop.
She was wrapped up in Beth,   and never wished to hear the word love again.
:: Participation in the 62nd Department of Public Information/Non-Governmental Organizations Conference in Mexico City in September 2009.
Every one feels that a disaster is imminent, as if a catastrophe is about to come.
鈥淟ord, my Creator!
Proposal 14: Encouraging general mobilization by States to prosecute persons accused of piracy
In contrast, details of China's earthquake are being spread quickly, and the official response has so far been unusually open.
If necessary, the Trial Chamber may order further examinations of the accused.
Organization chart, Department of Peacekeeping Operations, Office of Rule of Law and Security Institutions, Police Division
To criticize is easy, but to admire the success of others is really a noble act.
The Committee noted that, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/51, the Legal Subcommittee had continued its consideration of the review and possible revision of the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space as a single issue/item for discussion.
China's urban population is also growing fast: from 17.9 percent of the total population in 1978 to 43.9 percent in 2006.
Despite the latest clashes, political leaders say they continue to favor diplomacy in dealing with the militants.
Furthermore,this article has also studied the localization of target as well as the related strategy in development of Shanghai cruise traveling market. Finally aiming at the present situations and concrete problems,the article brought out the development proposal in future market.
And you get them to stay in the hive by giving them other coders to swarm with.
(c) The holding of a meeting among representatives of NSAU, the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Roskosmos and the Russian Academy of Sciences to discuss areas for joint research by no later than February 2008;
A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun.
Inventories as at 31 December 2001
However, a more reserved approach was advisable in discussing possible changes in constitutions and other legislation.
First, evaluate satisfaction with the technical quality of the work done for them.
We watch TV, even if there isnt anything good on
Economic and Social Council
Chaldean Catholic Archeparchy of Amida
[All permanent missions and permanent observer missions and accredited civil society organizations are invited to attend.
101.100 Encourage the participation of minorities, such as the Pygmies, in the political, economic and social life of the country (Costa Rica);
We should take the interests of the group into account , instead of only thinking of ourselves.
How can software architecture documentation efforts in an enterprise help the company in the current economic and market conditions?
According to IRPP, the country refuses to allow the publication of religious works, significantly hampering the ability of minority religious groups to worship.
25. According to the UNODC's Report 2005, opium production in Myanmar declined from 2,560 tons to 292 tons, constituting over 80 per cent decrease over a span of eight years from 1996 to 2004.
The paper defined core internal audit roles in IPSAS conversion to give assurance that risks related to IPSAS conversion are correctly evaluated and managed through verifying the results of the gap analysis at an early stage; and doing assurance work through a series of reviews of the IPSAS project at various phases such as project initiation, milestones, and deliverables where internal auditors can provide value-added advice to management in the transition to IPSAS.
The Council went on to welcome the parties' commitment to continuing the process of holding small, informal talks in preparation for a fifth round of negotiations and called upon the parties to continue to show political will and work in an atmosphere propitious for dialogue in order to enter into a more intensive and substantive phase of negotiations, thus ensuring the implementation of the relevant resolutions.
Today, my topic is lost and found.
415. Being part of Denmark, Greenland participates in a wide range of forums of international cooperation, but according to the Danish act that establishes the Greenland Home Rule system (Greenland Home Rule Act of 29 November 1978Under the Greenland Home Rule system various types of legislation apply to Greenland:
(e) If the procuring entity uses a method of procurement other than open tendering, a statement of the reasons and circumstances relied upon by the procuring entity to justify the use of such other method;
Non-food items, emergency health assistance, remedial education and other activities also increased.
19. Total income increased to $8.10 billion for the period under review from $7.25 billion for the previous financial year, owing mainly to an increase in assessed contributions.
Yet Mr Obama himself, with his studied calm and tolerance for opposing views, projects a pragmatic air.
He says his team had never considered the final version of the movie being like that.
The Arusha Agreement also provided for the establishment of transitional justice mechanisms to bring to justice the perpetrators of the gross violations of human rights of the past and thus help the country to achieve national reconciliation and peace.
BW
However, as a scholarly genre, acknowledgements in thesis or dissertation have received little attention.
:: International Bar Association European Regional Forum: UNCTAD Investment Policy Review of Belarus, Geneva, 2010
It welcomed the commitment to cooperate with international human rights mechanisms.
A slight increase in fees would impose a heavy burden on low - income families.
This is not to say that globalization and trade are one and the same.
“If the oil price continues to tick down, confidence will take a hit in Russia,” said Carol Thomas, central and eastern Europe sales analyst with consultancy JD Power & Associates.
Currently, Mali had some very positive development prospects.
Joanna: We'll take care of that
Article 5 As regards import and export business, it is stipulated as follows: (1) With the approval of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade, technology import and export corporations may be set up in the new and high technology industries development zones to promote the access of new and high technology products to international markets.
Conclusions and recommendations
384. The Committee encourages the State party to make the implementation of the Convention and promotion of gender equality an explicit component of its national development plans and policies, in particular those aimed at poverty alleviation and sustainable development.
I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.
The Prosecutor v. Laurent Semanza (ICTR-97-2-T), referred to as the "Semanza" case8
Also included are self-employed workers and other persons who do not work under the management of an employer.
They've already turned on the electricity. The house is ready.
The standard of living has shown significant improvement in recent years, evidenced by high receipts at the island store, the main shopping facility.
:: Specific and enforceable market share requirements
Using our file folder analogy, imagine an inbox with a stack of file folders waiting to be processed.
The assessment approaches of Parties that included H13 in their system of classification of hazardous waste evaluate wastes on the basis of leachable pollutants.
2. Takes note of the coordinated paper by UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS on responding to the emerging demand for greater information disclosure of internal audit reports (DP-FPA-OPS/2011/1);
It is also true that when faced with the multiple and dangerous problems that the world's population is encountering, it is the duty of all of us who represent our countries to strengthen the Organization's capacity for action in order to build a world that is established on the principles of the global security of mankind.
Role of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the United Nations Development Group in advancing the integrated and coordinated follow-up of conferences
South-South cooperation had been mainly in trade while financial flows remained largely from the North to the South.
The palate is full and rich, with a flavorful plum character. Well balanced, this wine is held together by ripe tannins.
The Acting President: I give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Akec Khoc, chairman of the delegation of Sudan.
Enemies change along with the times and the flow of the ages.
During its consideration of the report, the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information and clarification.
You may be used to having your body checked by an X-ray machine at the hospital.uBut soon you may need to have the same done in American airports
ve all asked about possibilities of delaying delivery, but none want to risk their babies health," he said.
'We realize the size of the Games is getting a little bit too big and getting to the limits of what a city can deliver,' he said.
fifty percent of the , subjects knew that abnormal triglyceride and cholesterol levels could adversely affect one ' s health status.
Shangyu Conch Cement Co., Ltd.
The operating reserve is maintained to cover delays in payment of pledged contributions and to meet shortfalls of income over final expenditure of the trust funds, including any liquidating liabilities.
The members of the Court, who were aware of the close connection between environmental damage and infringements of human rights, did not rule out the possibility that the Court might establish a case law which took account of that link.
But, if output does not keep pace with demand, prices increase.
A centralized intergovernmental mechanism could help coordinate such activities at all levels.
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system;
In addition to this, it is argued that even though the moral uneasiness concerned is understandable, it is, however, unnecessary.
133. Political and public life
40. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Vice-President of the Council, Anwarul Karim Chowdhury (Bangladesh), introduced a draft resolution (E/1998/L.38) entitled “International Year for the Culture of Peace, 2000”, submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution E/1998/L.31.
The President: The Security Council will now resume its consideration of the item on its agenda.
Yet extreme poverty persists. One explanation that is often cited is that there is no agreed mechanism for distributing resources to the deserving needy.
We fully support those efforts and look forward to more support from the international community to fraternal Sudan in order to preserve its unity and territorial integrity.
Signature: Guatemala (20 September 2005)
Progress depends on having your own ideas and sticking to them.
680. The principle of equality between the sexes is also set out in Act No. 72-0833 of 21 December 1972 on the Code of Civil, Commercial and Administrative Procedure, as amended by Act No. 78-663 of 5 August 1978 and by Act No. 97-516 and Act No. 97-517 of 4 September 1997 (art. 1, para. 1, and arts. 3 and 19).
Pearl-fishers dive for pearls, Merchants sail in their ships, While children gather pebbles And scatter them again.
5. Review of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003: Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services.
Exercise improves one's state of mind in part by affecting the body's levels of two chemicals: cortisol and endorphins.
(b) Summary of the debate
The state of emergency was extended in several provinces of Peru during the months of January and February 2000, in response to continuing civil unrest and in order to complete the process of pacification in these areas of the country, and in particular in order to ensure the rational use of natural resources, particularly timber in the area of Tahuamanú Province in the Department of Madre de Dios.
Mr Star CHAN Iu-seng, BBS
Weak law enforcement systems, compounded by the absence of protective measures to separate victims of sexual violence from their known aggressors in the community, have contributed to a high level of impunity for such crimes.
"Liquid water is required by all species on Earth and we've assumed that water is the very least that would be necessary for life on Mars," said study team member Nicholas J. Tosca, a Harvard University postdoctoral researcher
Furthermore, the paper finds it that the market segmentation also exists.
I once asked someone on a Chinese BBS whether he understand this nonsenical English, and why such incomprehensible English is embraced by so many.
Employment creation in modern sectors has fallen short of compensating for the labour released by declining industries and has failed to absorb the large cohorts of new entrants into the labour force.
Moreover, there are many business people from Taiwan living in cities on the mainland, either doing business or they have already settled down. Will this law affect their interests
A comparison of production costs among the various methods indicates a range from 65 - 160 Euro/m3 (Wang Undated).
Views were also expressed that ACC was a body with membership composed of the United Nations, its funds and programmes and the specialized agencies, which had their own intergovernmental bodies that set priorities for their own respective medium-term plans.
We reserve the right to make further comments on the draft articles.
To address this recommendation, UNFPA is designing a comprehensive, web-based national execution audit management system to better manage the national execution audit process - from the planning stage, to the entry of audit reports into the system, to the systematic follow-up of audit recommendations.
Non-communicable diseases have particularly strong socio-economic impacts on developing countries.
In South Asia, the Secretary-General has referred to the exchange of High Commissioners between India and Pakistan and announcements on intended restoration of rail, road and air links and other confidence-building measures.
Total resource requirements for
60. In the course of the discussion, the following recommendations were made to Gabon:
Sportsmanship is the first thing one has to learn when playing sports, at any level.
The burning Marseilles sun, which shot into the room through the open door, covered them with a flood of light.
In addition, the Committee would expect the revised proposal to include a cost/benefit analysis that would also address the connection between the expected benefits identified by the Secretary-General and the contribution of the Facility, over and above the existing partnership structures, to their attainment.
Doing so would require the development, acquisition, transfer and dissemination of technologies, in particular environmentally sound technologies.
19. Also approves expenses, chargeable directly to the Fund, totalling 156,341,800 dollars net for the biennium 2014-2015;
The encumbrance of the process by the lack of a credible opposition, weak civil society, weak economies, political monopoly by ruling party, potential military intervention, weak democratic political culture, and incumbency continuity that precludes regime change, is vexing.
Robbery with violence
However, just because Dennis pulled the plug on the Turtle program didn't mean his students were headed back to obscurity .
Watson: Why are you interested in working in this company?
On the other hand, there is the phenomenon of nominating a greater number of women candidates on the proportional lists, but only a marginal number of them occupy the top of the party lists.
 This important Conference will be particularly relevant to our work, as most of the Territories with which the Committee is dealing are small island Territories facing the very problems which will be addressed there.
Along several mountains, the terraced slopes where locals used to cultivate crops have been buried in landslides of thousands of tonnes of earth.
It was made at the instigation of the gender equality counsellor for that region in 1998 and received support from the Directorate of Labour, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Farmers' Association.
She hopes that such mechanisms become fully operational and effective as soon as possible.
The World Hydrological Cycle Observing System (WHYCOS), a global programme launched by WMO, will continue to strengthen hydrological information systems on the basis of regional projects, in particular rehabilitation and upgrading of local hydrological observation networks through the installation of networks of automatic satellite-linked data collection platforms (see A/AC.105/780, para. 54).
31. New Caledonia will remain heavily dependent on direct financial transfers from France, which are equivalent to around 30 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP). Approximately 80 per cent of that amount is spent on health, education and the payment of public service salaries, with the remainder funding development schemes, mainly in the North and Island Provinces.
But Hannes Hesse, the VDMA's director, said they underscored the "dynamism" of the sector.
Others are to follow shortly, both in Lebanon and other member countries.
It also observes that arraigo detention has been conducive to the admission into evidence of confessions presumably obtained under torture (arts. 2 and 11).
To recognize the special circumstances of The Nephrotic syndrome is a key to curing the disease.
The results of the Competition is expected to be announced in March 2009 through the mass media. Participants of the Winning Entries and Merit Entries will be notified directly of the results by post or fax.
 The other salient fact is that the indigenous Fijians, through their land-owning units, own 83 per cent of all Fiji, bestowing on them proprietary rights.
(b) Decided to hold, at its resumed substantive session of 1998, elections for the composition of the bodies, as laid down in annex I to the resolution, so that those bodies would be fully constituted from 1 January 1999; and requested the Bureau to work out appropriate mechanisms for the holding of the elections for that purpose;
The evidence was presented by an international prosecutor before an eminent panel of international judges.
Even the staider newspapers use this trick.
Men hate Richard Gere because he reminds them of that slick guy who
The meeting was called to order at 3.10 p.m.
However, because the unilateral embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba and the new measures taken to reinforce it are completely inconsistent with the Charter and international law -- which are based on the principles of the sovereign equality of States, non-interference in others' internal affairs and freedom of international trade and navigation -- those measures are illegal and are completely incompatible with the norms of international relations and constitute an unprecedented challenge to international law.
The Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs and the Codification Division of the Office of Legal Affairs, wish to express their appreciation to the four Member States that have made voluntary contributions to support the AVL in 2014, namely, China, Ireland, Mexico and the United Kingdom.
Romania
In Monrovia and in nearby cities, UNICEF is supporting the expanded programme on immunization, the reactivation of health facilities, the distribution of essential drugs and micronutrients, and health education activities.
That is, the proportion of debris, whether it consists of small pieces or dead satellites, is rather substantial.
I've seen what comes of following the crowd.
Do you know who your newspaper carrier is?
The Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in its resolution 11/1 of 25 April 2002, requested the Executive Director of the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention to report the proceedings of the sSymposium entitled "Combating international terrorism: the contribution of the United Nations" and the views of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice thereon to the Secretary-General for his consideration in finalizing his report on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 56/123 of 19 December 2001.
Almolonga
First session
 16. The Council encouraged UNDCP to participate fully and effectively in the work of the Joint Consultative Group on Policy (JCGP), to which it had recently been admitted as an observer.
The chorus for stability that arose in Mogadishu and other localities, and the UIC itself that emerged, did not spring up by design under the guidance of the UIC.
Patient: Yes , my throat feels swollen. It's sore.
However, a further increase in post adjustment was likely to become due for New York in February 2014.
He polished his silver silverware for the evening.
The Government of Barbados has no laws that in any way restrict freedom of trade and navigation with Cuba.
ICODER Costa Rican Sports Institute
We do not have a right to take such risks.
Projects scheduled for approval in 1996 include two loans for rural enterprise development in Dominica and in Saint Lucia, for $2.6 million and $2.2 million, respectively.
Just you yourself can control your own fortune.
:: Reporting Service Performance Information -- to use a principles-based approach to develop a consistent framework for reporting service performance information of public sector programmes and services that focuses on meeting the needs of users
Mr. Gaillard, with his research team, in conjunction with Mr. Bermann and his research team, with the support of the Secretariat have established a website (www.newyorkconvention1958.org) in order to make the information gathered in the preparation of the guide on the New York Convention publicly available.
He wished to request that UNIDO grant special assistance to countries which, like Rwanda, had undergone prolonged periods of crisis that had had an adverse effect on their economies.
Then classify the geographical research learning from varsities angles inthe basic principles the Geographical Probe Learning.
Equal access to resources is required to achieve this participation.
The shipwrecked sailor scanned the horizon anxiously every morning.
Article 87 For dereliction of duty, deception to seek personal gains, abuse of power by working personnel of departments of transportation in charge or highway administrative organizations if the cases are serious enough to constitute crimes, criminal responsibilities shall be affixed but if the cases are not serious enough to constitute a crime, administrative punishments shall be meted out.
I told her of the Knight that wore Upon his shield a burning brand; And that for ten long years he woo'd The Lady of the Land.
Companies will have to ensure they comply with the new anti-monopoly laws or risk stiff penalties.
It should be read in conjunction with the report submitted to the Human Rights Council (A/HRC/16/42), in which the Special Rapporteur discusses common issues relevant to both post-conflict and post-disaster settings.
Several delegations suggested having one regular session for programme matters and another for administrative and financial matters.
The job interview in English contains specific questions and appropriate answers.
But we do not think that we should rest on our laurels especially as no deadline has been established to eliminate the 35,000 remaining nuclear weapons that today threaten us all.
Cash poolse
Any instrument adopted by the United Nations should reflect three elements, namely: (1) the recognition of the human right to a nationality; (2) the need to avoid statelessness; and (3) respect for the will of the persons concerned in deciding on matters of nationality in connection with the succession of States.
The Roundtable will open on Monday, 8 December, at 10 a.m.. The keynote speaker will be Mr. Fareed Zakaria, Managing Editor of Foreign Affairs.
11. With regard to the report on the practice of the Secretary-General in disciplinary matters and possible criminal behaviour (A/66/135), the Advisory Committee noted that divergent disciplinary measures had been imposed in respect of apparently similar instances of misconduct.
3. Financial resources to deliver MTSIP results available.
An effective remedy including compensation.
(a) Old-age pension
At its thirty-third session, in 1978, the General Assembly decided (resolution 33/138, annex, para. 2) that the 21 Vice-Presidents should be elected according to the following pattern:
It contributes to the Social Watch annual report, which reviews progress in compliance with undertakings entered into by States at major United Nations conferences.
(f) Additional evidence that certain biological functions, like photosynthesis, rely upon quantum effects; and
5. Nineteen carrier rockets were launched from the Baikonur launch site, with 27 space vehicles launched.
 Recalling its resolution 47/133 of 18 December 1992, by which it adopted the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance,
(c) One P-5 Senior Programme Officer to coordinate the work of the Department on achieving the Millennium Development Goals and national development strategies;
The first of several objectives expressed the government's aim to optimize the use of macro-tightening measures, while maintaining the momentum of economic growth and preventing a slowdown.
Participation in the second Global Review of Aid for Trade by the WTO
U.S. trombonist and leader of one of the most popular dance bands of the swing era.
With a scraper or cardboard paper will outline of net in plate pinhole or box edges lightly coated, dried after version produced.
I can't! we're friends!
Living conditions, sustenance and its human rights implications
Joint Inspection Unit
The Taiwan separatists' attempt to change Taiwan's status as a part of China by referendum on the pretext that " sovereignty belongs to the people" is futile.
Fourth: - The liability of the member is limited.
Rex Morgan
36. There could be no "one size fits all" results-based approach, as such methods needed to be continuously adapted, reformed and refined.
Only projects involving both civil society and a sizeable number of persons with disabilities were accepted.
(vii) To liaise with UNMIS and other international actors to ensure complementary implementation of the mandates of UNMIS and the African Union-United Nations hybrid operation in Darfur;
At the same time, in what circumstances can the provision be applied as well as whether it is necessary to have a restraint to the compensation amount are something worthy of discussion.
Planetary motion is also a result of gravitation.
In addition, flexible means should be employed to encourage the involvement of the civil society and private sector and mobilize the entire society to promote development.
The fiction and the epic are closely connected; both Hegel and Bakhtin discussed the essence of fiction from this aspect.
Students may request their training material to be provided either in the form of self-paced printed course booklets, by CD, or online download.
All exchange gains and losses resulting from exchange rate movements are shown separately within "Other revenue" and "Other expenses", respectively.
45. Owing to a significant increase in violence against women in the various regions of the Central African Republic and the need to reinforce the Gender Unit to address this state of affairs, one new position of Gender Affairs Officer (Women's Protection) (P-4) is proposed to coordinate the establishment and implementation of country-level arrangements for monitoring, analysing and reporting on conflict-related sexual violence; coordinate among all relevant United Nations actors in order to strengthen the monitoring and reporting, and prevention and response to conflict-related sexual violence in accordance with Security Council resolutions 1820 (2008), 1888 (2009) and 1960 (2010); establish a database for conflict-related sexual violence and develop standard tools and methodology for data collection and analysis; and reinforce coordination and cooperation with the donor community, intergovernmental agencies and regional organizations on the response to conflict-related sexual violence.
But what about its application to the junior listening teaching? What results will we receive? This kind of research is scarce till now.
Cable cars in Jinggangshan 5 - Dragon Pools Scenery area.
For more details on changes of posts, see chapter III below.
For children in preparatory classes and further education, to more easily overcome communication, adaptation and other barriers, as of 1997 the position of a Romani pedagogical assistant can be established in a school.
A. Financial resources
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
(c) Unless otherwise ordered by the Trial Chamber, a witness other than an expert or an investigator, if he or she has not yet testified, shall not be present when the testimony of another witness is given.
Promoting conflict resolution, peace and tolerance among the youth of Kosovo is a key component of activities.
The Government has yet to take action on the matter owing to the aforementioned concerns.
A It's just south of Tian'anmen Square, isn't it
They carried out 18 armed sorties, were supported by an AWACS aircraft operating inside Turkish airspace and overflew the Zakho, Dohuk, Aqrah, Irbil, Rawanduz and Dokan areas.
1. Development aid
The ACT Group is pleased with the reiteration by Council members of their intention to encourage early appointment of Chairs of subsidiary bodies.
I really need an answer about the contract I sent him.
To make a hole with or as if with a drill.
The Sustainable Cities Programme uses the environmental planning and management approach, which is aimed at building capacity among local authorities and local stakeholders.
43. As previously reported, the 2000 census revealed a serious disparity between the educational circumstances of white students, three quarters of whom attend private schools, and black students, most of whom are enrolled in the Government educational system.
Institute for International Law and Justice, New York University School of Law
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
A private American organization called Population Action International did the new study.
39. The capacities of the international, regional and subregional financial institutions with regard to the prevention, management and resolution in a timely and effective manner of international financial crises should be improved.
Its principal technical cooperation partners are national networks of trade support institutions concerned with the international competitiveness of the small-scale enterprise sector.
86. When it comes to implementation of the legislative framework, however, most States noted that it is hard to obtain exact data as often offences related to forced labour, trafficking or bonded labour are criminalized under the general penal or criminal code. Offences can therefore be prosecuted under various charges, which makes it harder to extract precise data.
The evidence from bacteriologic analysis was equivocal.
Luxembourg
137. Calls upon States and regional fisheries management organizations or arrangements, working in cooperation with other relevant organizations, including the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission and the World Meteorological Organization, to adopt, as appropriate, measures to protect ocean data buoy systems moored in areas beyond national jurisdiction from actions that impair their operation;
Appetite also refers to instance of a natural desire for sth
The appalling and notorious records of violation of all human rights, first and foremost the right to life as the most basic human rights, by the Israeli regime are well documented by many international human rights bodies and organizations, especially the United Nations human rights machinery.
Objective : To establish HPLC - ELSD method for determination of astragaloside in Yupingfeng granules.
3. The following States participated in the discussions and provided updated information on the status of their clearance programmes, national measures on capacity building and their approaches to resolving the problems associated with existing ERW: Albania, Burundi, Cambodia, China, Finland, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Mali, Mozambique, Russian Federation, Ukraine and Zambia.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009*
(c) Ali Reza Farzaneh, reportedly thrown from an 18th floor balcony by armed policemen who raided the apartment in Tehran where he was celebrating his birthday in April 1996.
I hope that you will soon be completely restored to health.
The Working Group decided that the topic would not be addressed in the Model Law, for reasons that would be set out in the Guide to Enactment.
The basis for these investigations was the observation that Ivorian suppliers of rough diamonds to Peri Diamonds (Ghana), which ceased operations in 2007 in Ghana, also established operations in Liberia the same year.
It made recommendations.
The offer and associated services are published to a catalog and are then available for discovery and subscription by the consumer.
C. Trade, Services and Development
The High Commission for Human Rights;
Gee, the government shouldn't be so careless.
208. The Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services is responsible for implementation of the recommendation.
25. Other parties also lack the legal authorization they require in order to function.
(b) Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010
Some believe that if innovations are sustainable, they become successful practices.
(b) Letter dated 24 July 2012 from the Permanent Representative of Mexico to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Economic and Social Council (E/2012/88).
The Committee shall endeavour to engage constructive dialogue with States parties with the aim of helping them to better implement the Convention.
Introduction 1 - 3 3
The enjoyment of the rights recognized by article 31 in relation to other rights recognized by the Convention, including the right to education;
PROMOTING GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT
ceiling, which is quite low. Again, I've chosen the tiles I want.
F. Utilities and communication
Agenda item 118: Human resources management (continued)
5. At the 19th meeting, on 2 November, the representative of Ghana introduced a draft resolution entitled "United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law" (A/C.6/60/L.5).
The Agreement entered into force 11 December 1998.
Special economic, humanitarian and disaster relief assistance
The goal of the project was to strengthen Croatian institutions for combating the trafficking in human beings and to provide assistance to the victims.
Beneficiaries
To the world you may be just one person. To the person you may be the world.
XII. LANGUAGES AND SOUND RECORDS
In addition, the unpredictable nature of the establishment of new peace-keeping operations and the renewal or expansion of the mandates of existing operations place an additional burden on Member States, since most Governments give themselves a one-year lead in preparing their yearly budgets.
Statistics on infant death causes do not distinguish sex, though other data indicate that among children aged under 1, the death rate is higher among boys than girls.
Articles containing West Frisian-language text
Sao Tome and Principe
(o) Civil society organization: any non-State, not-for-profit, voluntary, nonpolitical organization that is registered with the competent authorities and that has an official structure and acts within the social sphere;
Article 140.When accepting authorization to purchase or sell securities, securities companies shall purchase or sell securities based on the securities names, volumes, methods of payment, and offering prices specified in the letter of authorization, and in accordance with the transaction rules and regulations.
Based on this, the Local Autonomy Act was enacted in 1947.
(i) Advisory services at the request of Governments
Please provide updated information on the adoption of a new law and the establishment of national machinery for equal status of women and men.
The people of the Cayman Islands also had serious concerns regarding the true intentions of the United Kingdom in connection with the collapse of the Euro Bank case and the unsavoury role of the United Kingdom in that fiasco, including the questionable behaviour of the former general prosecutor.
This also brings me to the point of reiterating the proposals for delegations to bring experts from capitals in order to have an in-depth exchange of views and positions, to prepare and circulate well in advance working papers on specific questions related to an FMCT and, if interested, to propose side events, eventually in joint cooperation with the nongovernmental organizations.
Just after  a having a craniotomy, his intracranial pressure is not stable.
The transport sector was cited as particularly important for reducing air pollution.
“29. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to provide substantive inputs on the role of information and communications technology in trade, finance, investment and related areas to the high-level segment of the substantive session of 2000 of the Economic and Social Council;
Yet you don't need to speak to Fayed to understand his motivation.
Shuraabad village (Aghdam district, Azerbaijan)
Equal sharing of administrative responsibility between administrative organs and citizens will be the basic orientation of the future development of the Russian administrative responsibility system.
3. Space debris mitigation measures
:: Data, analyses and reports on financial resource flows relating to the implementation of the Programme of Action, including available cost estimates for implementation up to 2015
UNIDO activities in cooperation with middle-income countries
Vulnerable livelihoods are under increasing threat and basic needs, such as food, water and energy, are further out of reach for many.
This testing typically starts after the completion of development and functional verification testing.
Two Israeli enemy fighters crossed Lebanese airspace from above KAFER KELA heading North till SHEKKA, circled above all Lebanese regions, and left at 11.40 from above the sea in front of TRIPOLI heading to TURKEY.
1.45 During the biennium 2002-2003, the Office will continue to coordinate and harmonize political policies and activities of concern to the United Nations and OAU, in particular the OAU Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution; support activities of the Secretary-General's special envoys and special representatives in their work with OAU; represent the Secretariat; and apprise OAU of United Nations action taken to address humanitarian aspects of crises in Africa.
In this connection, the Committee was informed that the United Nations Office to the African Union has been mandated to provide technical and expert advice to the African Union in the planning and deployment of AMISOM.
Afew attempts to replicate Silicon Valley , most notably in Israel, havesucceeded.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
As the Lunar New Year comes, so usually do new clothes, new furniture; lots of new things. It's like Christmas for the Chinese, except we also get money. Yet this year, money is an issue weighing heavy on people's...
These years our country's multiply reaction of invest and the government's expenditure to national income has been declining because of the drop of the marginal tendency of consume.
Matters requiring action by the Board arising from or related to reports and activities of its subsidiary bodies
The Network was selected by the World Bank to become a member of the Bank's Administrative and Civil Service Reform Virtual Network.
The issue arose as developing countries would make higher average cuts in bound tariffs than would developed countries under the nonagricultural market access tariff-cutting formula.
9. At the thirteenth session of APRSAF, held in Jakarta from 5 to 7 December 2006, space and disaster management organizations in the Asia-Pacific region agreed to further collaborate in the Sentinel-Asia project initiated by APRSAF.
8. According to your national legislation, if any, please describe any measures you have taken to prevent entities and individuals from recruiting or supporting alQa`idah members in carrying out activities inside your country, and to prevent individuals from participating in al-Qa`idah training camps established in your territory or in another country.
Then a faint moan came sighing through the branches of the forest and the boys felt a fleeting breath upon their cheeks, and shuddered with the fancy that the Spirit of the Night had gone by. There was a pause.
366. Additional measures are being taken to ensure the right to education of various categories of children in difficulty.
He also noted that his country was the second sub-Saharan African country after South Africa and the first post Highly-Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) to access the international capital market with the debut Eurobond.
Countries need to attach importance to agricultural production and increase agriculture-related financial input and technical support to increase global food supply.
It all brought bad name to him.
 48. Since children were often forced to seek employment because of their family's financial circumstances, measures aimed at alleviating poverty were crucial.
Discussion paper proposed by the Coordinator: Article 8, paragraph 2 (b) (xvii), (xviii), (xix) and (xx)
A main component of our silence is an appreciation of the obvious.
138.124. Abolish anti-conversion laws in relation to religion and grant access to justice to victims of religious violence and discrimination (Italy);
Then I ran away, and when I was out of sight I hid; and presently I came creeping back along the ditch and took a peep at them through the hedge.
CAT recommended combating violence against women and children and harmful traditional practices; and creating conditions allowing victims to report harmful traditional practices and domestic and sexual violence without fear of reprisal or stigmatization.
I welcome the progress achieved so far.
The global data collection on crime and criminal justice is managed by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime through the United Nations Survey on Crime Trends and Operations of Criminal Justice Systems, which started in the 1970s and is supported by a number of resolutions adopted by the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
Hotel Napoleon
14. Since violations of these instruments frequently occur, the Government is giving priority to action to stem these breaches. Raising awareness of economic, social and cultural rights will come at a later stage.
Needs for technology for adaptation
Nicole insists theirs was a real marriage.
Resolutions 2000/35 and 2006/49 of the Economic and Social Council
H.E. Mr. Vitaly Churkin
MARY NUNALEY: We got calls in Nashville from Minnesota and one of the Dakotas about how bad the conference was going based on things I had posted, So the next day at the conference we had a little lecture about proper Twitter behavior during conferences
The tremor may even be so light that only the most delicate machine will record it.
3. Do you have difficulty walking or climbing steps?
A Bill on Freedom of Information was re-tabled in 2008.
Since there was no common understanding on this term, and civil society and Governments had different expectations.
116. The intolerance which is manifested is not religious, however, but racial, founded on ignorance and encouraged by extremist political speeches, such as those of MP Pauline Hanson.
James Rivière
Only a ruling in which the court determines inadmissibility of extradition is binding on the Minister for Justice.
Better monitoring, increasing the cost of getting caught and the requirement to state the source of a stone (origin) rather than just the provenance (country) could help this process.
The combination of gloss and matt surfaces together with the wooden wall hung elements makes for a sleek and inviting space.
The Law on Scientific Research Activities (Government Gazette, Vols. 13/96 and 29/02), which was abolished as late as 2008, stipulated, inter alia, that studies and research on the historical and cultural identity of the "Macedonian people" were forbidden to any domestic or foreign legal entity or physical person other than those controlled and financed by the State.
Slide of rock slopes in rain seasons is mainly due to temporarily saturated region above groundwater level changed from unsaturated region induced by rainfall which is in accordance with the change of pore pressure from nagative to positive values.
51. The Special Rapporteur focused much of his work on the need to strengthen assistance, protection and durable solutions for the majority of internally displaced persons living outside camps.
For example, an important index of the financial state of business, derivable from the classified balance sheet, is the ratio of current assets to current liabilities
The last two columns split totals into the following categories:
Truth:Nature, primitive; compliance with the objective facts.
The first is a surprising mental association, such as the famous story about how Edward Jenner discovered the smallpox vaccine.
The review shall draw upon the following sources of information:
First time hears that the rich brocade of this matter is got a fright, for this such as imagine and she is to consumedly have a crouching vine.
20. Primary areas of concern remain, including insufficient clarity and limited practical application of legal provisions, including adequate safeguards and mechanisms for protecting the right of children to be heard free of discrimination, manipulation or intimidation.
Flowers can also be improved this way.
South - South trade has grown with significant speed during the period since 1995, on average by 13 per cent per year, compared to the average annual 9 per cent growth in world trade, and the 10 per cent growth in trade among developed countries.
560. The PRODEPA KO'E PYAHU (Paraguay New Dawn Programme), created in 2003, offers education to persons over 15 years of age who either have never started or have not completed their basic education studies and who live in rural areas or in marginal urban areas in a situation of poverty or extreme poverty.
62. Many of the key features of conflict are recurring, last for decades and serve as sad reminders of the need for principled humanitarian action in conflict settings.
2. While women and men are in most cases equally affected by all of the above in rural areas, when it comes to urban areas women tend to suffer disproportionately from multiple deprivations. These include shelter deprivations such as overcrowding, tenure insecurity and lack of access to clean water, sanitation, education, health and other basic services.[5]
The woman, she called me on a stranger's cell phone who happened to be sitting next to me. Never met the guy in my life.
We note with satisfaction the encouraging changes that have taken place in Azerbaijan and Tajikistan, including the decision of the President of Azerbaijan, announced in March, to release 129 prisoners, as well as the June decision by the President and the Parliament of Tajikistan to impose a moratorium on the death penalty.
(b) Attending the opening session of the "International Trade Law Post-Graduate Course" and delivering a lecture on "Issues of harmonization of laws on international trade from the perspective of UNCITRAL: the past and the current work" (Turin, Italy, 23-24 March 2010);
When I got home, I realized that it was not asthma, but instead I have gained so much weight that my running bra restricted my breathing.
30. After the adoption of the draft decision, the representative of Pakistan (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), made a statement (see E/2007/SR.49).
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Alma al-Sha`b.
Other delegations considered that all international development assistance should be coordinated with and disbursed through national Governments of recipient countries in accordance with their national development priorities.
You should have risen above doing that kind of thing.
There is no doubt that China has increasingly been interfering in Hong Kong’s domestic affairs.
People who are confident of their ability to control their lives have an internal locus of control,and have a better chance of being well adjusted in their old age, said Pedersen
[Original: Spanish]
United Nations
69. As at 31 August, unpaid assessed contributions to the MONUC special account amounted to $358.1 million.
Annex 2
The Committee recommends that the State party, in collaboration with non-governmental organizations, review the eligibility criteria for poverty reduction programmes in order to ensure that the poorest families are included in such programmes.
Offices, shops and cinemas in Asia's big buildings tend to be bitterly cold in mid-summer, and stiflingly hot in winter.
Such resources will be invested in the strategic areas as outlined in the Regional Programme, thereby contributing to reducing the vulnerability of Cuba and the Caribbean countries to drug trafficking and organized crime.
However, many computer systems currently in use by the customers of certification authorities were still incapable of accessing all such information.
18. In violation of its international obligations and contrary to the country's Constitution, religious freedom is severely restricted in Turkmenistan, as noted by AI.
33. The greatest problem is that the DecreeLaw on the "national debate" and the Lusaka Peace Agreement envisage the participation of delegates from opinion groups, Congolese political and civil organizations ... without exception, Congolese parties and the political opposition.
Upon a review therefore, no exception can be made to the illegality of the use of nuclear weapons merely because the weapons are used in self-defence.
Sales publications
Item 3 of the provisional agenda
What worked for someone else might not work for you.
We call for health system strengthening as a key component of an integrated approach to achieving a rapid and substantial reduction in maternal morbidity and mortality, including through:
 34. My Special Representative has had regular discussions with Judge Johann Kriegler, Chairperson of IEC, and his fellow commissioners on the electoral process.
"Shipper: a person that sends goods to a carrier so that they may be transported from one place to another and that is one of the parties to a contract of carriage".
- To expedite the re-establishment of constitutional order and implementation of the Libreville agreements by identifying, facilitating, and coordinating regular communication between all relevant Central African, regional, and international stakeholders and providing strategic advice, technical assistance, and support to the ongoing political process, transitional institutions and Authorities and their implementation mechanisms;
Distr.: General
Other sources of imports included the Netherlands, Japan and Spain.
This is the modern industry big production is unable to substitute.
4. Welcomes the midterm review of the strategic plan as an opportunity to sharpen the strategic direction and to undertake a thorough review of the results framework with the aim of making improvements in 2011 and defining remaining improvements to be made during the remaining period of the strategic plan;
The zaffa, or wedding march, is a musical procession of drums, bagpipes5), horns, belly dancers, and men carrying flaming swordsit announces that the marriage is about to begin.EnglandTraditionally, the village bride and her wedding party always walk together to the church.
To the extent possible, all efforts are made to ensure that contingents and their equipment arrive in theatre at approximately the same time.
As many of the clients receiving SFI are single mothers, these changes are of special interest to women.
Political mandate of the Mission
The disc jockey job was merely a step toward his goal.
In the biennium 2008-2009, there was no major change in the composition of expenditure as compared with the biennium 2006-2007.
9. United Nations Forum on Forests
Clear signs and lines should be created for completed highway roads according to the regulations of the transportation under the State Council.
New York, 7 December 1953
Strong historical, cultural and fraternal ties exist between Turkey and the countries of the Balkans, the Caucasus, Central Asia and the Middle East.
However, apart from the incorporation of four piers, the extent of reclamation remains unchanged.
He struck out the wrong word and put in the right one.
Ribbons and Laces, Textiles, Fabrics, Tassels and Trimmings, Fashion and Garment Accessories, Textiles , Metallic Fabric Trim.
Mokdad El-Yamine
Globally, female participation represents 25.2% of the total effective.
Malawi Terror Beast
(a) Northern region: 15 sorties, flown at speeds of 600 to 900 kilometres per hour and at medium altitudes, centred over Mosul, Irbil, Dohuk, Zakho, Tall Afar and Amadiyah.
RECORDED CASES January to September 2009
Important challenges nevertheless remain and must be confronted in order for the Convention to fully realize its equally fundamental goal of promoting the economic and social advancement of all peoples of the world.
The Financing for Development process provided the opportunity to foster rapid and substantial progress in achieving the Millennium Development Goals and other internationally agreed development goals, as well as other aspects of national development strategies.
The United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) was also commended for its services.
Generally, work can be categorized as either projects or operations, although the two sometimes overlap.
295. A police officer may stop and detain a person under this Act only for as long as it takes to reasonably search a person under the section.
We can benefit much from the greenization of our cities.
A campaign to register unaccompanied children was initiated in November 1998 by the ICRC with a view to tracing and reuniting them with their families who may be staying in a different camp.
2. Invites parties and others to nominate further experts to participate in the small intersessional working group established by decision BC-10/5 or to update their nominations as appropriate, and to inform the Secretariat of their nominations by 30 June 2013;
  The grandest function of the Law of Nature was discharged in giving birth to modern International Law and to the modern Law of War， but this part of its effects must here be dismissed with consideration very unequal to its importance.
Comparing to conventional E - plane waveguide filter, great improvments have been made in stop - band attenuation of a BPF.
11. Address by His Excellency Felipe Calderón Hinojosa, President of the United Mexican States
He thought that this way he was not guilty of any crime against living creatures.
The form had been reviewed to take into account the process of enhancing cooperation and coordination among the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm conventions in order to align practices regarding the admission of observers under the three conventions.
They are the Treaty Collection, ODS, statistical products and daily subsistence allowance rates.
(c) Regular and extrabudgetary expenditures incurred by the United Nations specialized agencies;
Application of BP neural network model with fuzzy optimization in retrieval of biomass parameters
Paraguay
The Committee notes that the author has not challenged this assessment.
Most transport is done by electrified waggons.
A. Creating a world fit for children
This is in spite of the ascent of Nancy Pelosi who is set to become the first woman to head the US House of Representatives.
 The Government had implemented a policy for the preservation of indigenous territories, languages and cultures and promoted the participation of indigenous people in decision-making for questions of concern to them.
5 October 2012
This aims to assist the community in benefiting the utmost from freedom of expression as provided by law.
In the latter, the Special Representative sends follow-up communications.
In 2000, 3.9 per thousand infants died in Norway.
Consequently, it was agreed that the wording of article 4, paragraph (3), should not be amended, and the substance of article 4, paragraph (3), was adopted in the form set out in paragraph 17 of document A/CN.9/783.
All members supported holding such meetings periodically.
These attempts to commit acts in French territory are in fact part of a broader international strategy adopted by the leaders of al-Qa`idah.
22. The World Business Council for Sustainable Development is a coalition of 165 international companies united by a shared commitment to sustainable development.
Liechtenstein has signed the Convention against International Organized Crime of 12 December 2000 and has ratified the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court of 17 July 1998.
Well, last night when I returned from the theatre, I found that Id lost my wallet.
There was a wide religious background in forming and development of Greek poetics which have their own specialties.
Argentina therefore reiterates its rejection of the United Kingdom's attempt to apply the principle of self-determination of peoples to the question of the Malvinas Islands and to any alleged exercise of that right.
Please provide information on sex education in school curricula and awareness-raising campaigns to prevent teenage pregnancy.
We improve cultivar resistance in definite direction by genetic engineering methods to obtain transformation resistance plants.
As we knowinternational travel has become cheaper, more and more countries open their doors and more tourists go abroad for traveling
There are currently four telephone companies providing fixed and/or mobile voice and data services, 16 FM radio broadcasting stations and one television broadcaster.
(e) Further proposals to ensure adequate, predictable and stable funding for United Nations operational activities for development;
PUBLIC SECTOR
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Iraq, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
Brazil has been party to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women since 1984 and in 2002 it ratified the Optional Protocol to the Convention, which allows the submission of individual petitions to the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
The editor told him plainly that he had not handled the idea properly, but that it was the idea they were buying because it was original.
Public Prosecution represents the State (as well as Autonomous Regions and local authorities) and defends interests as the law may lay down (namely those of disabled persons, workers and their families, persons with no permanent residence and persons whose whereabouts are unknown).
"9. Invites all Governments to disseminate relevant information, including outcome documents of summits and conferences related to the well-being of children, in order to raise parents' awareness and to help improve parenting practices;
Estimate 2002-2003: 75 per cent
You should study this information carefully whether you are going through the Red Channel or not.
Documentation to facilitate negotiations among Parties.
49. The Committee also urges the Secretariat to look into the different ways in which the crisis could be an opportunity to promote a green economy and low-carbon solutions for development, particularly for countries that cannot do so on their own, while supporting the overall work of the United Nations concerning climate change.
A. Brazil 4
That we did, however, illustrated something of the dishonesty at the heart of what are essentially political and commercial relationships.
In another country, extradition would not be granted if the person sought was a national of that country, unless the relevant extradition provisions of an applicable treaty provided otherwise.
(d) In Kenya, UNICEF, together with the Kenya Ministry of Public Health and Sanitation and the Interreligious Council of Kenya, launched an initiative with Christian, Muslim and Hindu religious leaders to promote key high-impact interventions for maternal and child health within their respective religious communities.
Adds a administration page to add links to the system links in the head of the theme.
Of immediate concern at this time is the rapidly deteriorating condition of six Palestinians who have been on hunger strike for between 48 and 72 days in protest of their captivity by Israel, the occupying Power, under administrative detention, whereby they are being held without charge and without access to due process of the law or fair trial.
Likewise, the involvement of representative employer and worker organizations has been on the whole inadequate.
Maybe it can if you are willing to guide it , to nuture it , to believe in it .10.
Projects to build nine additional roads which will require about 10,875 dunams were approved.
Professor Ho Puay Peng, Unviersity Dean of Students, CUHK
Complimentary matching crystal earrings and rhodium plated chain.
A rational model of share prices sets them equal to the present value of future profits.
96. UN-Women confirmed that no ex gratia payments had been made in 2012 in accordance with regulation 20.6 of its financial regulations and rules.
138. One organization also pointed out the lack of enforcement mechanisms likely to engage States to abide by the Declaration.
We have noticed - not without concern - that in their attitudes towards developing countries some developed countries ignore the specific circumstances of those countries, which have fallen seriously behind in their development.
; [18:26.29]Open the bag and take the money out
Rule 105.02 to rule 105.01
The level of core resources falls short of the estimated $25 million minimum threshold required to sustain UNCDF operations in 40 LDCs to which UNCDF has committed support in its investment plan.
The books reproduced the gender stereotypes that existed in Haiti but were no longer appropriate for contemporary society.
List of 2014 box office number-one films in South Korea
PDF Popular Defence Forces RFC
Thank you for trusting me . I'll call you immediately.
M. Ekanza Rachidi
More than 40 per cent of the world's forest plantations are planted with pines.
Article 19 Any citizen or organization shall keep confidential the State secrets that have come to his knowledge or its possession regarding State security.
As moral creatures, we are driven to enforce justice.
Ministry of Justice -- Ministry of Labour Component 2: Advance the process of reconstitution of the territory of the Guaraní nation through reorganization and redistribution of agrarian property and implementation of the Land Redistribution Act
Picked up a girlfriend a few days ago, the life is really good. Not be maiden any more regrettablly.
15. Stresses the need to give special attention, within the context of international cooperation on trade and development issues, to the implementation of the many international development commitments geared to meeting the special development needs and problems of small island developing States and of landlocked developing countries and to recognize that those developing countries that provide transit services need adequate support for the maintenance and improvement of their transit infrastructure;
(e) Performing and documenting safety tests and analyses as input to the governmental mission launch authorization process;
 When V. C. Bird and his trade-union colleagues quickened our stride towards freedom and an improved material condition, beginning in 1943, they had a vision of an Antigua and Barbuda which, 50 years later, has become virtual reality.
Under this agreement, there will only be annual assessed contributions to the Fund as follows: the Republic of Austria (Euro1,235,300) and the Vienna-based organizations (Euro1,235,300).
15-21 April 2014
What most people don't expect, but do fear, is a drop back into recession.
Why does the fragrance of the Bulgarian Rose Otto change?
She mentioned that she was receiving medical treatment, that she could receive visits from her son, and that she was placed under a penitentiary regime which imposed minimum restrictions on detainees.
Proceeding from its awareness of the movement of history, Egypt was the first to sow the seeds of peace in the Middle East.
UNAMIR would be under the overall control of my Special Representative, while the Force Commander would be responsible for its military component.
(EFR)
6. Also emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions shall be provided with adequate resources for the effective and efficient discharge of their respective mandates;
Progress to date
1. The present report updates information on the financial situation of the United Nations provided in the report of the Secretary-General dated 19 October 1998 (A/53/514).
Although socio-economic policies of an enacting State may involve restrictions on the grounds set out in either of the paragraphs, the provisions are not themselves limited to socio-economic issues: other issues of concern to the State, such as safety and security, may justify these restrictions.
This is the tenth annual symposium and I congratulate the organizer and all the sponsors. The symposium fulfils a valuable role in bringing together building services professionals in the private and public sectors and academics.
The representative stated that, for the above reasons, the organization did not qualify for status with the Council.
With nearly 500 leaders in attendance, it was the largest gathering ever of chief executive officers, government officials and heads of labour and civil society organizations on the topic of global corporate citizenship.
JIU Joint Inspection Unit of the United Nations system
But the wiki isn't connected to the other software Aviva's workers use.
Convention for the Protection of Producers of Phonograms against Unauthorized Duplication of their Phonograms. Geneva, 29 October 1971
He is perfectly willing to help his classmates.
Classification - either of numerical or narrative material - is an efficient way to make information retrievable and analytical enough for assessment.
De Beque, Colorado
 The Golan Settlements Committee is also endeavouring to reactivate the Golan pressure group in the Knesset with a view to ensuring Israel's ongoing occupation of that territory and strengthening the settler presence therein.
Maybe there are still some tickets available for some events.
As regards Africa the workshop urged Governments and United Nations agencies to: increase the understanding of collective community rights based on extended family structures; increase the negotiation skills that will enable indigenous communities to gain the best possible benefits from development projects in their territories; promote understanding of the concept of free, prior and informed consent as vital to good governance and a human rights-based approach to development; increase the understanding of contracts, agreements and treaties that impact the livelihoods of indigenous communities; and strengthen indigenous governance structures based on gender equality and the principles of free and fair democratic elections and/or the accepted local indigenous ways of appointing leaders and governance structures.
2. Each Party that has artisanal and small-scale gold mining and processing subject to this Article within its territory shall take steps to reduce, and where feasible eliminate, the use of mercury and mercury compounds in, and the emissions and releases to the environment of mercury from, such mining and processing.
However, intraregional SSC has been growing at a rapid pace, with South-South dialogue, learning and knowledge-sharing becoming an increasingly important element of international cooperation for development, including countries with cultural and language links (as in the case of Brazil), but also those without such links (as with China).
Draft guidelines for the development of national legislation on liability, response action and compensation for damage caused by activities dangerous to the environment
Test reports ( for submission to verifying laboratory ) must be less than 2 years old.
Lessen 16: What tax should I pay on my house
Since the restoration of multi party democracy in 1993, women have continued to participate actively in all elections both as voters and as electoral officials.
Management efficiency and effectiveness
However, as long as there is no documentary proof, the house and its contents, the small business or agricultural concern are all the property of the husband
Subsequent to a session of the Executive Board in the second year of the budget period, the Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director may utilize a budgetary contingency provision of up to 3 per cent of the approved gross appropriation for unforeseen requirements resulting from currency movements, inflation or decisions of the General Assembly.
168. In Germany the system of coverage in the event of sickness is borne by:
8. National Independent Authority for Human Rights: Pursuant to L.158(I)/2011, the Ombudsman also functions as the National Independent Authority for Human Rights with extensive powers for the promotion and protection of human rights.
It reports, for instance, on the application of directives and regulations.
2. Decision-making in the Security Council, including the veto.
One of the best ways to nurture trust is to ask for help.
Would you give me your room number just in case?
Constitutional and legislative provisions for local government organizations may vary depending on whether a State is federal, regionalized or unitary.
A notification of the decision by the Executive Board shall be sent to the project participants and the DOE that verified the monitored reductions and certified the reductions achieved by the CDM project activity.
24. In order to increase women participation in the economic reconstruction of the country currently the government has taken under consideration the following programs:
, the main issue was to find a way to cut its costs for health care for retired workers.
play the womanShe s so good at playing the woman before men.50. load the dice againstYoud better not to get involved with her
We must enforce stricter oversight over the whore process of selecting and appointing cadres.
Moreover, Islamic sharia law prohibits abortion except in very rare and necessary circumstances.
Richard Holbrooke
The Seminar is intended for advanced students specializing in international law and for young professors or government officials pursuing an academic or diplomatic career or posts in the civil service in their country.
UNFPA operations are funded by two distinct types of resources:
2 April 1991
The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) is an important institution of multi-party cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the CPC.
Now stand up, please.
 During the 1994-1995 biennium, the implementation timetable would be as follows.
(b) Revised estimates relating to the budgets for the biennium 2010-2011 of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (A/65/178) and the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (A/65/183);
I feel these things are friendly to us, and they really are.
99. The Special Committee has consistently reiterated the importance of disseminating information on decolonization as an instrument for furthering the aims of the Declaration.
The additional state of axisymmetric delamination problem of sandwich plates is studied.
Public sector funding could also bring increased economic benefits through the multiplier effect.
Additionally, work had been undertaken by consultants on the architectural and engineering design of the space, and senior managers of the Fund had spent considerable amounts of time and effort working on the assessment of requirements and the subsequent expected relocation.
A debate on immigration is beginning in the United States Senate, which will take up several proposals.
But after his sentimental farewell to their home, Obama headed to the airport to fly to Washington and join his wife Michelle and daughters Malia and Sasha, 7.
ASUNCIÓN – What is poverty?
Switzerland provided duty- and quota-free market access for goods from least developed countries.
Bee Pollen is a good supplement for dieters or those who need added nutrition.
Moreover, the power to regulate the exercise of the right to freedom of assembly rests solely with the legislature and the exercise of public freedoms may in no case be made subject to permits or prior authorizations from the administrative authorities, except in particular circumstances.
The General Committee took note of paragraph 65 of the memorandum.
I will try to follow your advice
At present those receiving training in the Military and Political College are mainly cadres at army and divisional levels while cadres at regimental level account for only 20 per cent.
The writer only gave a thumbnail sketch of his characters.
(c) Increase in the mission subsistence allowance rates for military contingents and United Nations police officers
Lack of land in Shanghai Municipality, along with strict regulations on land use keep pushing land supply down and demand up.
Activities related to consensus building focus primarily on advancing international understanding of specific socio-economic conditions and challenges facing LDCs, as well as on seeking ways and means of addressing the problems of underdevelopment in these countries.
I have every confidence that under Ambassador Chowdhury's able guidance, this Committee will make even more progress towards helping the Department accomplish the new goals it has set for itself.
1. Expresses deep appreciation to the assistance extended by some Member States.
286. At the same meeting, the Council decided to defer its consideration of the draft decision to a later date.
Price is rising (falling).
Commending the efforts of the African Union, in particular its Chairman, acknowledging the progress made by the African Union in the deployment of an international protection force, police, and military observers, and calling on all member States to contribute generously and urgently to the African Union Mission in Darfur,
In summary, the provisions to promote self-reliance for PWD through vocational rehabilitation services include:11 305 places in Sheltered Workshop (SW), Supported Employment (SE), Integrated Vocational Rehabilitation Services Centre (IVRSC), Integrated Vocational Training Centre (IVTC), On the Job Training Programme for People with Disabilities (OJT), and Sunnyway 鈥?On the Job Training Programme for Young People with Disabilities (Sunnyway) as at March 2007; and The 'Enhancing Employment of People with Disabilities through Small Enterprise' Project (3 E's Project), which is aimed at enhancing the employment of PWD through direct creation of jobs, providing seed money to NGOs to create small businesses with the condition of employing no less than 50% of PWD in the total number of persons on the pay-roll.
10. As indicated in the two reports, in response to General Assembly resolutions 62/229 and 62/230 on the financing of the Tribunals, the Secretary-General will submit to the Assembly at its sixty-fourth session, a report on the mechanisms and specific parameters for the management of the funds to be appropriated to meet future requirements for pension benefits of the judges of the International Tribunals and eligible beneficiaries.
(b) Agreed that actions should be taken for Member States and the international community to work jointly towards the preparation, improvement and maintenance of fundamental geospatial data themes, building on existing national and regional fundamental datasets;
Industries, including cement industry and coal washing industry.
Most importantly, the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, in Part I, paragraph 5, states: "While the significance of national and regional particularities and various historical, cultural and religious backgrounds must be borne in mind, it is the duty of States, regardless of their political, economic and cultural systems, to promote and protect all human rights and fundamental freedoms". It further stresses, in Part II,
Donor
Welcome customers to buy products, to provide the word processing or production of special design to e satis faction.
From a realistic example analysis instructive effect was shown when it was used in ventilation supervisal.
South Africa
Unfortunately, the Security Council, in dealing with this obvious legal issue, was influenced by some bullying Powers and failed to uphold justice and protect the rights of the Iranian people.
British Overseas Territories and Crown Dependencies
If it were not for the abundance of Egyptian artefacts, Egypt would have no cultural artefacts or cultural property left after centuries of organized looting, plundering and feverish smuggling and trafficking of these artefacts.
Sr Court Prosecutor I Team B
36. Additionally, agricultural work tends to be insecure due to the seasonal nature of the work and the sensitivity to global markets in export-oriented cash crop production.
It is important to point out that hate media are not a speciality of the Central African subregion.
May cause long - term adverse effects in aquatic environment.
Other requirements on risk control and management relating to various kinds of assets shall be issued separately by the China Banking Regulatory Commission.
problem; energy method; law of stresses exchange;
Saint-Cirq, Dordogne
I am indisposed with a cold.
(h) Cooperate with civil society organizations with experience and expertise in working with trafficked persons and consult them in developing policies or programmes to prevent trafficking in supply chains;
2.12 On an unspecified date, the author's criminal case was transmitted to the Pervomaysky District Court of Bishkek.
"31. The Main Committees shall meet in substantive session only after the end of the general debate.
ICC continued to act as interlocutor between business and the Global Compact (GC).
Yellow River dams
* Wash and cook seafood thoroughly before eating, particularly crustaceans and bivalves such as shrimp, crab, oysters and clams; * Wash hands before eating and after going to the toilet; * Handle raw and cooked food with separate utensils to prevent cross-contamination; * Keep raw and cooked food separately; * Store food in refrigerator (at 4 degrees Celsius or below) and thoroughly reheat leftover food before eating; * Keep the environment clean.
23. Do you have any safeguards that the weapons and ammunition produced within your country will not be diverted/used by Usama bin Laden, members of the Al-Qaida organization and the Taliban another individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated?
" "If a party applies for enforcement of a legally effective arbitral award made by an arbitral organ in the People's Republic of China handling cases involving foreign element and the opposite party or his property is not within the territory of the People's Republic of China, he may directly apply for recognition and enforcement of the award to the foreign court which has jurisdiction.
Cancer:(June 21 - July 21)You love to cook, Cancer, and to sample your wares while preparing them!
Required rate
The response to the crisis will be a hastening of the movement toward on-line purchases, in which physical location is no longer a preeminent part of shopping decisions.
Therefore good pharmacy practice of China is essential.
18. Notes with concern the observations of the Advisory Committee that the definition of exigency as outlined in the report of the Secretary-General appears too broad to be of any real value in exercising the required control over the use of the exigency provision, and urges the Secretary-General to submit a sharper and clearer definition of exigency needs to the General Assembly, through the Advisory Committee, at its fifty-fourth session;
Nonetheless, the OIOS review revealed that a significant percentage of interview notes do not reflect use of a competency-based method.
F. Regional developments in Asia and the Pacific
Yu people of Sung ten thousand ten thousand don't thought of, Sung Dan was graceful will with Jason entwine together.
Many also imagine having to explain the meaning of their lines to another person, which has been shown to significantly improve their subsequent recall
The concentrations of PBDEs in sediments from the Drammens River were in the range 4-80 ng/g d.w.
In some cases of Private member's Bills, the Supreme Court has adjourned the hearing and notified the concerned member of Parliament if s/he wishes to be heard.
The United Nations system also works in areas which are of interest to the Government but not fashionable with donors, such as nutrition (WHO, UNICEF) and environmental health (WHO).
You knew that I am assorted to your first impression.
And whenever I left one customs territory and reached the next, I would already be expected by staff there. One customs officer even asked if he could accompany me.
Human rights situations that require the Council's attention
Chronic Toxicity: When groups of 10 female and 10 male weanling Wistar rats were administered daily diets containing 0, 10, 50, 100, or 800 mg alpha-HCH /kg food (in corn oil) for 107 weeks, the highest dose level resulted in growth retardation, increased mortality, and slight kidney damage.
Milling Products
 It stressed the importance of the coordination role of the Statistics Division in resolving differences and in harmonizing classifications, including further work on the development of correspondence tables, and, where appropriate, in assisting in the identification of classification commonalities.
Hello everybody, welcome to our Shanghai Expo City Volunteers service site. Allow me introduce Shanghai Expo to you.
13. Article 29 of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities sets out the rights of persons with disabilities in their participation in political and public life.
The main theme of the book is obscured by frequent digressions.
Taking these factors into account, in real terms, the proposed budget for 2013-2014 shows an increase in the region of 25 per cent compared with the previous biennium.
We have also approved the provision of methadone maintenance therapy in closed and incarcerated settings, specifically in prisons.
[Original: Spanish]
It also decided to hold the subregional conference on the protection of women and children in armed conflicts prior to the sixteenth ministerial meeting.
<www.icj-cij.org/>
When the calx was further heated to a higher temperature it turned back into mercury.
The amount and purposes of each advance shall be defined by the Director, Division of Management and Administration, and limited to the minimum compatible with working requirements.
Do not use matches or candles after an earthquake until you are certain that no gas leaks exist.
That particular case was pursued with considerable vigour by Casa Alianza which was determined to secure justice.
Such a hypocritical approach made way for terrorist groups to thrive.
This portion of the subject deals with such ideas as inertia, motion, force, and energy.
Current expenditure for the period as at 30 April 2006 amounted to $642,857,222 against an apportionment of $722,422,100 gross, representing a rate of 89 per cent against a financial period which is 83 per cent complete. For the whole financial period, current and projected expenditures amount to $712,514,695, or nearly 99 per cent of the apportionment.
Given girls' low economic and social status, too often they are vulnerable to unwanted sexual activity and lack access to accurate and adolescent-friendly reproductive health information.
(d) Engage in other activities if such activities do not detract from the dignity of the judicial office or otherwise interfere with the performance of judicial duties.
10. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author with an effective remedy, in the form of appropriate compensation.
It establishes a vision for young people who will be confident, connected, actively-involved, lifetime learners.
Can always talk about going to face, once the face of reason often emotional manipulation.
1. This report covers the period from 1 to 30 June 2004.
Kazakhstan
Ligue de Football de la Guyane
kill millions of people.
Shara Lin
[ 2008-07-31 10:56 ] professional to speak in formal waysThere are formal ways to say even the simplest words
For the 2013/14 start of the school year, the State wishes to increase its intake capacity through the construction of local secondary schools (collèges).
Item 109 of the provisional agenda*
Soft drink vending machines are provided at the centres. Please bring small changes for buying soft drinks.
International Organization for Victim Assistance
5. Encourages the Secretary-General to take relevant measures with respect to the regularization of the Executive Director of the Institute, taking into account the recommendations of the Board of Trustees;
Al-Qa'idah is believed to rely increasingly on such informal mechanisms to transmit funds for support and operational purposes.
It also recommends that proper investigations be held into arbitrary executions and enforced disappearances, with a view to punishing the perpetrators and preventing impunity and the frequent repetition of such crimes.
The humanitarian impact in Cambodia.
13. Burkina Faso
Legislators, prosecutors, and judges, in particular, need to understand what natural sciences, social sciences, and engineering can and cannot offer.
(b) Industrial development cooperation (continued) (A/69/331, A/69/392; A/C.2/69/2)
Article 239 Whoever kidnaps another person for the purpose of extorting money or property or kidnaps another person as a hostage shall be sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of not less than 10 years or life imprisonment and also to a fine or confiscation of property; if he causes death to the kidnapped person or kills the kidnapped person, he shall be sentenced to death and also to confiscation of property.
During the early 1990s, Thailand's average seizure level was about 700 kg, which steadily increased in recent years to 4.5 tons in 1999.
a In some cases data from 2007 or 2008 may be shown where 2009 estimates are not available.
- prevents the provision of technical or advisory support in any form from its territory or by its nationals related to articles referred to in subparagraphs (a) (i) and (a) (ii) of paragraph 8 of Security Council resolution 1718 (2006);
HFHR noted Poland's efforts to resolve the problem of overcrowding in prisons and detention centres.
This will be achieved by means of joint activities with United Nations offices or missions, the deployment of human rights officers and the provision of expert advice from headquarters, regional and country offices, since the number of technical cooperation activities has continued to grow, from 1 in 1993 to 51 today.
Economic and technological exhibitions of both sides of the Straits shall be subject to the examination and approval of the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation in conjunction with the Office of Taiwan Affairs under the State Council.
Also, the NFA assists farmer-organizations in the construction of warehouses which are equipped with basic administrative and post-harvest facilities.
Chairman of the Drafting Committee: Mr. Gilberto Vergne Saboia (Brazil)
Concerned that, as a result of their trading illicit drugs for firearms and their easy access to illegal arms trading networks, criminal organizations involved in drug trafficking are able to arm themselves as well as if not better than local law enforcement entities,
7.5 Gender breakdown in senior positions in unitary authorities in Wales
Awareness-raising campaigns, training courses for civil servants, and conferences and seminars for politicians, researchers and NGOs had also been organized in the region.
Officially not many were women; unofficial estimates put the proportion of women as high as 30 per cent.
University of Dubuque
(a) Develop and maintain appropriate effective measures to account for and secure such items in production, use, storage or transport;
(Signed) P. Bhagwati
The oceans actually form one continuous body of water.
Strengthen measures to move towards de-institutionalization whilst ensuring that alternatives to institutionalization, such as supporting families and extending the network of foster care, are developed, and implement those measures throughout the country;
GrameenPhone is planning to provide coverage of 98 per cent of the country by its fifth year of operation.
When this check box is selected, spaces are inserted at the end of each line of markup.
There had been no change in the status of long-standing violations by both sides since the previous report of the Secretary-General to the Council (S/2008/251).
What's the point of saving a crystal pussy from the sewer?
General Assembly
1. Uncertainty about future developments in the international economy has grown in the aftermath of the global financial crisis, which demonstrated the volatility of international private capital flows and its damaging effects on levels of economic activity and people’s livelihoods in developing countries.
The Implementation Committee forwarded 32 draft decisions on noncompliance issues for the approval of the Meeting of the Parties.
39. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to provide the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime with adequate resources to promote, in an effective manner, the implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 as amended by the 1972 Protocol, the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971, the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988 and the United Nations Convention against Corruption and to discharge its functions as the secretariat of the conferences of the parties to the conventions, the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the United Nations congresses on crime prevention and criminal justice, in accordance with its mandate;
The meeting was called to order at 10 a.m.
That's not right. Amazingly, I found a policeman who spoke English.
Conduct high - level corporate sales by trust, demonstrating professionalism and providing security integration expertise.
In recognition of the standard lifespan of most gymnasium and lounge/library equipment, provisions could be requested for the replacement of equipment and furnishings every five to seven years.
Word of Life Christian Fellowship
The innocent Cuban people have already suffered greatly, and today they deserve all our support and sympathy.
Lesson 42 Recording an earthquake Lesson 42 Recording an earthquake  First listen and then answer the following question
25. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure full implementation, without further delay, of the proposed revised Umoja deployment strategy, and approves the complete implementation of the full scope of the project by December 2018 at the latest, taking into account the comments and recommendations in paragraph 53 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
Territory or location of launch:
The nonlinearity stems only from shear.
At the national level, Governments must also adopt policies promoting the establishment of an enabling environment, and coordinate and bring together the efforts and resources of all to meet the objectives that are set.
7. Draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.18 reiterates the mandate, based on previous resolutions, that the Secretariat departments responsible for section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services; section 3, Political affairs; section 4, Disarmament; section 5, Peacekeeping operations; section 9, Economic and social affairs; section 24, Human rights; section 29B Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts; and section 29C, Office of Human Resources Management, would also be responsible for the preparation of Repertory studies on individual articles of the Charter of the United Nations.
Using images or textures to replace a light source is called Image Based lighting.
People from Brandenburg
A new - style audio remote  tripper  is presented, which adopts DTMF ( Dual Tone Multiple Frequency ) technology.
I'll send for Doctor Bannochhoven.
' said the Time Traveller.
The achievement of lasting peace in the region requires the realization of the national rights of the Palestinian people, primarily the right to independence and the establishment of their State on their national territory, with the Holy City of Jerusalem as its capital.
UNIFIL periodically checked former armed-element facilities and installations in the area of operations, including bunkers and caves, but has not found any indication that these have been reactivated.
Facilities are much easier to get to in the city as well.Whatever you need, you can find close by.
7131 Longtom
CHTC has not owned any share in Fong's Industries before.
A spokesman for the Television and Entertainment Licensing Authority said, "Movie-going has all along been one of the most popular forms of entertainment in the local community. The 1980s saw the golden era of the local film industry when the quantity of productions as well as the number of movie-goers, and therefore the box office, reached the climax.
International organizations, with the participation of private operators from developed countries, could assist in this context.
The CST may further wish to discuss the ability of a scientific network to catalyse and stimulate a global research community.
For example, in 2008, the programme for the enhancement of literacy in Afghanistan was launched by UNESCO and the Afghan Ministry of Education.
IRU-United Nations cooperation: international carriage of dangerous goods by road
In one project, someone has constructed catalytic molecular beacons a hammerhead - type deoxyribozyme by a modular design.
Unassessed law articles
225. For its consideration of agenda item 13 (k), the Council had before it the relevant sections of the report of the Commission on the Status of Women on its fifty-fourth session (E/2010/27) (see also under agenda item 14 (a)).
These were removed by KFOR soldiers.
" He then pointed to an ancient firearm hanging on the wall above the sofa.
This is a book for young and old.
19th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
Implementation of Council resolution 1995/32
This means your brain needs foods that will give it the building blocks it needs to work right.
Bill Sikes was sitting by his fire with his dog when Fagin entered.
Synchronized swimming coaches
In the event that the office of Chief Executive becomes vacant, a new Chief executive shall be selected within six months in accordance with the provisions of Article 45 of this Law.
In the event that continued detention is authorized, detainees should be able to initiate further challenges against the reasons for detention.
(UNA024-03051) Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Regional Office in Bishkek
On that subject, India welcomed the Commission's decision to hold a colloquium to discuss different aspects of the problem from the standpoint of private law, which would not only allow for an exchange of points of view between the parties, but would also provide a useful forum for defining the parameters for a study project that could be undertaken by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.
She has a beautiful house and the children are sweet.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 59/93), A/61/169.
Category Approved 2013/14a
Guidelines
Yet it has the temerity to accuse Ethiopia of human rights violations.
 The UNOMSA peace promotion activities facilitated the Mission's electoral phase by providing access to grass-roots contacts and non-governmental organization networks built up during the Mission's first 16 months in the country.
The major contribution Deng Xiaoping made to the solution of China's population problem is: To study and deal with the population problem in the overall context of the national economic and social development and clearly point out that China's population policy is an important policy of strategic significance.
18. The growth of world merchandise trade weakened further in 2013, dragged down by slow global growth.
The establishment of the arrangements will effectively increase coherence and coordination and ensure the ethical collection of accurate and verified information on conflict-related sexual violence.
Gridiron secondary color raw
9. Calls upon both parties to achieve a full normalization of their relationship, including through political dialogue between them for the adoption of further confidence-building measures and to consolidate progress achieved so far;
Yeah. amy's great. she's great. yeah.
13/106. Outcome of the universal periodic review: Albania 76
The torrential rains in the month of April, give rise to the glorious flowers in the month of May.
The Mayor of Paris appointed his first deputy to set up an Office for the harmonization of working life and family life, charged with reforming the operating hours of public services to suit the daily schedules of the city's population.
Well: slainte!
They speak with many voices, but on the fundamental issues of their human rights, their objectives and their aspirations they are usually in remarkable agreement.
With regard to future work, the Midrand Declaration stipulated that UNCTAD's policy research and analytical work must illuminate the changes in the global economy and facilitate policy formulation within member States as they strove for development.
Books introduce us into the best society they bring us into the presence of the greatest minds that have ever lived.
Manager: Is this the man that you served, Miss Roberts?
Mr. Yumkella (Director-General) said that he wished to put the Programme for Change and Organizational Renewal in context.
But waterproof dustproof fuselage design, is also in the basic level list counter - camera is quite rare.
Through the development of a corporate policy framework, the gender equality strategy, and significant investments in programming resources, including in the expansion of the gender team, UNDP has transformed itself into a "gender-aware organization" with staff at all levels aware of the linkages between gender mainstreaming and stronger development results.
Railway stations are romantic places, insisted Kirsteen Robertson from Chiltern Railways
A total of ten questions are answered incorrectly.
So she said to the mouse, My cousin just has a son.
II. ASYLUM, ADMISSION AND NON-REFOULEMENT
It was for their own good and the good of the country, he said, according to a person in the room.
Source: Population Policy Data Bank maintained by the Population Division of the United Nations Secretariat.
Ambassador
" Once again he lifted the Coke bottle, which was now empty, and banged it down on the table.
In Japan, bankruptcies among smaller companies are rising, causing banks' credit costs to jump.
ILLNESS 1. ARI (No pneu, pneu, serious pneu.) 2. Intestinal parasitosis
For this purpose, a range of operational tools and financial facilities should be placed at their disposal. Also, easy and ready access to resources maintained centrally (e.g., thematic funds, Special Programme Resources) should be provided to Resident Coordinators.
Information Technology and Communications Section
UNEP/CHW/OEWG/3/6
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention, its implementation and monitoring within the Government, the Parliament and the general public, including concerned NGOs.
The vote came just five days after the ailing 81-year-old president said he was retiring.
 (b) Improvement and streamlining existing in-house emergency procedures, work methods and systems applicable to emergency response;
Therefore, for all nine regional offices to have their minimum complement of staff to perform tasks assigned to the Human Rights Office, eight national posts (2 National Professional Officers and 6 national General Service staff) and one United Nations Volunteer position are proposed as follows: Bondoukou (1 Human Rights Officer, United Nations Volunteer; 1 Driver/Language Assistant, national General Service staff, and 1 Administrative Assistant, national General Service staff); Duekoué (1 Administrative Assistant, national General Service staff); Korhogo (1 Human Rights Officer, national Professional Officer and 1 Driver/Language Assistant, national General Service staff); Odienne (1 Driver/Language Assistant, national General Service staff); San Pedro (1 Human Rights Officer, national Professional Officer); and Yamoussoukro (1 Administrative Assistant, national General Service staff).
Investigation and prosecution
:: According to a Japanese senator who is herself wheelchair bound, there are 400 million disabled people in the Asia-Pacific region, of whom 160 million are suffering from severe poverty.
Yet that situation bore no relationship to the great abundance of resources in Africa.
People's Progressive Party
The potential of remote sensing technology for addressing various issues related to the development of watersheds was well established.
The Minister acceded to this request.
The Committee stressed the importance of undertaking more research to inform evidence-based and disability-inclusive policy development.
The process of a pipe production is the following: a round cast workpiece is put onto a hot rolling line where it is cut, heated, stitched and rolled till a pipe of necessary size is ready.
Joanna: I don't know how to spend the Easter holidays.
It would seem that many people are downloading them in order to have virtual memorabilia of the day.
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
Proposals and substantive amendments shall normally be submitted in writing to the Secretary-General or his designated representative, who shall circulate copies to all delegations.
On 23 March 2001, the Government of Ethiopia reserved its position with respect to these findings.
Second, do not ask, she can still have the chance to Pojingchongyuan?
A new research council, the Science and Technology Facilities Council, is responsible for coordinating the space science efforts of the United Kingdom.
The initial scope of application of the study should now be extended to all member countries of ECOWAS.
To further promote environmental education, the University appointed over 100 energy coordinators in different units.
"What can be the meaning of this " thought the old man, opening his eyes very wide.
21. The proposal of the Secretary-General for a pilot project to test the concept of an off-site Recruitment and Outreach Unit of the Personnel Management and Support Service of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations for checking the references of candidates are outlined in the budget document (A/61/752, paras. 17 and 27-30).
To give further consideration to the proposed new legal definition of a mercenary as contained in paragraph 47 of the report of the Special Rapporteur (E/CN.4/2004/15);
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
The Higher Council was a member of that committee and its sub-committees, which were conducting site visits to centres throughout Jordan; it believed that the BBC report underscored the need to de-institutionalize all Jordanians with intellectual disabilities so that they could take their rightful place in society as functional citizens, although the road ahead would be long.
(d) States as well as international, regional and subregional organizations in a position to do so are encouraged to provide, upon request, technical and financial support to build the capacity of affected States to adequately manage their stockpiles of small arms and light weapons, which could, inter alia, encompass the following areas:
It is utterly impossible to combat factionalism without a leadership which "puts daring first".
Do I need a re-entry visa after my departure?
We appreciate the steps taken towards developing confidence-building measures and urge that more be done in this area to ease the fear of potential catastrophes.
In addition, 38 per cent of the global human population lives along a narrow fringe of coastal land, which constitutes only 7.6 per cent of the earth's total land area.
In the context of article 2, paragraph 2, it should also be taken into account that the laws of States parties are frequently written in languages that members of the Committee cannot read, and that the operative interpretation of a statute is not always apparent from its text.
However, lack of information makes it difficult to quantify amounts or to conduct detailed analysis of the scope, quality or impact of triangular development cooperation.
Provide rehabilitation and re-entry planning for each individual, beginning during the first days of incarceration.
In partnership with donors and its subregional neighbours, it had focused on children suffering from malnutrition, street children, those who had undergone genital mutilation, and those with HIV/AIDS.
Recalling its general recommendation No. 30, the Committee urges the State party to take appropriate measures to ensure that the free of charge language instruction programme is available to everyone who wants it and that its pedagogic methods and content are adapted to gender and to the educational and national background.
The KOMID was designated by the Committee in April 2009 and is the primary arms dealer Democratic People's Republic of Korea and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons.
2. Financial assistance
Who has left the door open
I just thought you and robert seemed a little upset today.
Another key factor is the insulating fatty sheath encasing neuron fibers, which affects the speed of electrical signals.
I wasn't academic and wanted to be a mechanic, but with his help I developed confidence to get through university.
Questions relating to information
In addition, in the area of information and communications technology, the Mission will limit its acquisition activity to priority requirements.
A subregional programme against child trafficking in South Asia and the Mekong Basin countries was also introduced in 1997.
Mr. Sidi Ould Aloueimine
Expenditure and support costs for lines implemented for self-executed projects (executing PDR's)
The report identified risks to smallholder farms in African agriculture as both a result of external influences (e.g., World Trade Organization discussions, international seed companies and the growing privatization of agricultural knowledge) and internal pressures, such as malnutrition, hunger and poverty.
Clinton County, Ohio
In addition, it encouraged "efforts aimed at urgently settling the issue of the Lebanese prisoners detained in Israel".
A 2004 judicial career law that regulates the judiciary's administrative and financial management still grants the politicized Supreme Court discretionary power to name a number of judges.
Since its inception in 2008, the Mine Action Coordination Centre has reduced cluster strike areas by 85 per cent, increasing access to water and saving lives.
The Bad and the Beautiful
She had inherited the feature from her mother without the quality it denoted.
That new dress must have knocked her back a few pounds!
;[The Russian took out a large bottle of vodka,;[poured each of his companions a drink;[and then hurled the semi-full bottle out of the window.
Nairobi
Financial, budgetary and administrative matters
Draft resolution XXVII
She reassured the Board of the organization's commitment to respond to this situation, expressing confidence that UNICEF was moving in the right direction to protect the lives of children and women in Bangladesh.
7. The global financial crisis of late 2008 and the subsequent economic downturn have changed the landscape for transport and trade.
2. Proposed list of legal issues to be addressed in the convention:
Methods of Reducing Input Points for Elevator Control System with PC.
 3. As at 9 August l994, seven Governments had replied to the notes verbale of the Secretary-General and their responses are reproduced in section III below.
Significantly fewer outcomes are now being reported under service line advocacy and communication, which may indicate a shift from making the case for action on HIV/AIDS to large scale, multi-sectoral programmes.
353. The availability of adequate food to people i.e. two square meals a day throughout the year is estimated on the basis of the perception of the household regarding sufficiency of food.
Some experts insist that government land assignments should be forbidden.
The rejection of foreign assistance is not even a fundamental BJP policy.
Drag the mouse clothing accessories to the Super model has .
Breast milk can help slow bacteria growth bacterial growth and? acid production in the mouth.
Her country had therefore called for an exchange of information between the various functional commissions in order to streamline work.
These measures are not dissimilar to those that the eurozone will pursue if Greece exits.
The Committee, however, is concerned about the apparent lack of coherence in the approach being taken, with the Secretary-General proposing additional posts while at the same time maintaining six vacant posts, pending the outcome of the ongoing discussions regarding the restructuring exercise.
Emphasizing the duty of States to take all appropriate measures, as required by international law, in a timely manner, for the protection of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives as well as missions and representatives to international intergovernmental organizations and officials of such organizations, including measures of a preventive nature, and to bring offenders to justice,
Big South Korean companies were investing everywhere -- in England, U.S., Europe.
Ducks and geese are fowl. We usually eat them.
It follows the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Human Rights Council. Information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes.
Under it are departments in charge of operations, intelligence, communications, military training and arms, adjutant and force structure, mobilization, electronic countermeasures, Army aviation, foreign affairs, etc. Its main functions and powers are to put forward proposals on major issues of military building and operations, organize and exercise strategic command, formulate programs, rules and regulations for military work, and organize and direct war preparations, as well as military training and mobilization.
29. Strongly reaffirms the fundamental importance and the purely humanitarian and non-political character of the function of the Office of the High Commissioner of providing international protection to refugees and seeking durable solutions to refugee problems, and recalls that those solutions include voluntary repatriation and, where appropriate and feasible, local integration and resettlement in a third country, while reaffirming that voluntary repatriation, supported, as necessary, by rehabilitation and development assistance to facilitate sustainable reintegration, remains the preferred solution;
The enormous increase of population will create many problems. 956
Letter dated 22 September 2008 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Saudi Arabia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2008/615)
Even after my death, when people comment on my character they shall remember that I was once trained as an apprentice for three years.
Arrange the meeting with the bus captains and occupiers to understand their expectation and needs.
Hong Kong and Africa enjoy smooth and growing trade relations with an annual growth rate of over 8% in bilateral trade during the past five years, said the Director-General of Trade and Industry, Mr Joseph Lai, today (June 27) at a forum on "Business and Investment Opportunities in Africa".
Agenda item 116
2.6 On 26 September 2004, NSW Assistant Commissioner of Police reported that the coronial inquest conducted at Glebe Coroner's Court before State Coroner J.A. had been completed and that based on its outcome, no further action would be taken on the matter.
Environment and conditions instrumental to putting social benefits first should be created for non-profit institutions and units of cultural relics and museums, necessary guarantee is given in funds and support provided in cultural and economic policies.
It has been agreed in the Cabinet that for Advisory Boards where the target figures have not yet been achieved, the (re)appointment of a chairperson or a member must, in principle, contribute to achieving the target figures.
(b) Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
A novel analytical formula was derived to predict the leak rate of the plunger seal structure.
Am I destined to drop in the abyss of love?
Throughout the world, women and girls are confronted with sexual violence in their homes, schools, workplaces, and neighborhoods.
Such measures for pupils continued to include remedial classes, voluntary extra class periods, audio-visual programmes, curriculum enrichment materials and self-learning kits.
Flower of Osaka "Primrose (Sakuraso)"
I am convinced that it is our shared view that we should approach our work over the next few days in this spirit.
Change Your Mindset If you walk around all day saying I'm so stressed, you will be.
Preparation of annual working papers on the political, economic and social conditions in each of the remaining 17 Non-Self Governing Territories (NSGT).
Presently, anti-arrhythmic drugs are non-specific and may have significant side-effects.
This provides the conditions in which livelihoods can be rebuilt and damaged social fabric repaired.
Tenth emergency special session
Expressing concern for human rights challenges in Iraq and stressing the importance of addressing these challenges,
States and territories disestablished in 1966
However, the cost recovery for non-United Nations personnel is deferred pending further review.
213. There are two forms of responsibility through which an individual can be held criminally responsible for violations of international criminal law: direct responsibility or, alternatively, indirect responsibility or the responsibility of a military leader or hierarchical superior.
Annotated provisional agenda
List of Oricon number-one albums of 2011
Such higher incidence of reporting should be considered an advantage, as staff members have the duty to report any breach of the Organization's regulations and rules to officials whose responsibility it is to take appropriate action.
The report also reflects updates provided by the Secretariat through the end of June 2013.
In section II B, paragraph 9, of the revised text the concerns of certain delegations had been reflected, particularly with respect to national and international regulations.
Review payment requests and direct cashier to complete payment work based on internal policy.
Strategic plan management results
 On 26 May 1994, South Africa, a founding member of ILO in 1919 that had withdrawn from the organization in 1964, rejoined ILO by an official letter ratifying the Constitution of ILO.
Could the US oil lobby, with their political lackeys in tow, send the world back to square one?
(i) Promote transparency at country and company level, including the disclosure of production-sharing agreements, host country agreements, power purchase agreements, economic and financial assessments, environmental and social assessments, monitoring and evaluation results, and information on accident prevention and emergency response.
IMIS and, from July 2014, Umoja (requirement for compliance with the International Public Sector Accounting Standards from 1 January 2014)
In addition, we must carry out our plans for reducing the barriers to world trade and increasing its volume.
Agenda item 115 (f)
They are not seeking hand-outs or training in caregiving, but rather recognition for the work they're already doing, direct support for their organization and leadership development, and inclusion in all levels of AIDS decision-making, programming and implementation.
Radio and television
Members of the department gave briefings on Hong Kong's legal system to many distinguished visitors from the Mainland and overseas, including lawyers, legislators, journalists and consular officials.
Further, developed partners must put in place commensurate levels of response towards fulfilling the obligations they have committed to undertake. The full and effective implementation and follow-up of the outcomes of major conferences and summits of the United Nations, including the Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey Consensus, are such cases.
180. Committee against Torture, twenty-third session [General Assembly resolution 39/46 A]
Pesticide
The Claimant asserts that the flooding occurred as it was prevented from carrying out its usual practice of pumping out ponded rainwater to vacant land during the period of the military operations.
This will require more effective global cooperation in financial and competition regulation.
Provide financial support for capacity-building, technology transfer and exchange of technology.
Quinton Point
64. Despite a general improvement in the external debt situation, there remains a large number of countries characterized as severely indebted.
(b) The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts review trust funds whose purposes have long been attained in order to close those that are inactive and no longer required (para. 35);
Observances and commemorative meetings
 The calculation of common staff costs for international staff ($4,384,600) and local staff ($731,800) is based on the standard scales referred to in paragraph 6 above and is detailed in annex XI.
In its famous Belilos case, the European Court of Human Rights decided that article 57 (former art. 64), paragraph 2,
Ethiopia
Draft decisions I and II contained in document E/CN.6/2000/PC/L.6
Lázně Bělohrad
Target 2012-2013: 6,750 vendors
  Article 2 Ministry of Commerce authorizes Quota License Bureau （hereinafter referred to as “License Bureau” to administer and guide uniformly all license-issuing organs of local competent commercial administrations （license-issuing organs in short below） to issue Temporary Textile Export License.
The Haitian delegation, which I have the honour of leading, believes that international cooperation is essential in order to eliminate the exploitation and use of child labour, which contravenes all moral and ethical standards.
It also recommends that the State party ensure that all legal provisions dealing with family—related issues relating to members of ethnic groups and foreigners, are fully consistent with the provisions of the Convention.
Westpark
The market for nickel provides a good illustration of this.
The Special Committee does, however, continue to express its concern at the low proportion of women among United Nations peacekeeping staff at Headquarters and in the field.
Contents
Solstice is the name of the new baby giraffe at the St. Louis Zoo. It was born in December, on winter solstice.
3.1 The Government undertakes to release those members of M23 who have been imprisoned for acts of war and insurgency and to hand them over to the International Committee of the Red Cross.
15. The Constitution of Belize is the supreme law of Belize.
Director, United Nations and Disarmament Department
The United Nations IPSAS project is overseen by the IPSAS Steering Committee, which is chaired by the United Nations Controller.
Article 3The administrative department of labor security under the State Council is in charge of unemployment insurance work throughout the country.
In conclusion, my delegation wishes to state that reform of the Security Council is one of the most vital issues for our international Organization, and it is indeed high time that its membership be increased and its working methods and decision-making processes be improved, so that the Council truly reflects and expresses the positions of all Members of the United Nations, instead of being exploited, as it sometimes is, by the major Powers to promote their own political agendas at the expense of the developing nations.
With a population of nearly 45,000, the number of cars registered in the Cayman Islands has reached 28,400 which, according to the police, has resulted in a rise in the number of accidents.26
Nigeria therefore condemns the spate of violence between the two parties.
In rural communities, many young people leave the parental home in search of employment in urban areas.
He then reached into his pocket and pulled out a chicken sandwich
Everyone sat in complete darkness and looked towards the lamp
Cooperation is enhanced where partners (such as special cross-border crime units within the police and specialized non-governmental organizations) are identified;
She is 28, and is said to have had her eye on William since she was a schoolgirl.
(e) The implementing authority monitors compliance with the legal requirements, either on its own or through labour union bodies;
In paragraph 53, in connection with item 114 of the draft agenda, entitled "Report of the Peacebuilding Commission", the General Committee recommends that item 114 be included in the agenda of the current session under heading A, entitled "Maintenance of international peace and security".
Seventeenth session
A. National ownership and capacity-building
A second aspect of the concern for secondary poisoning was that although the substance was persistent, there was evidence that it could degrade under some conditions to more toxic and bioaccumulative compounds.
However, over the years, it has become evident to the senior trial attorneys that all legal officers were capable, under supervision, of actively participating in the prosecution of cases by taking on advocacy responsibilities.
Present shortcomings can be overcome only by committing additional resources and securing political support from all sides.
8. Urges all Governments, the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, and civil society, to implement the Platform for Action in its entirety;
Since there is agreement that IMF should remain largely a quota-based institution, funding through bond issues is ruled out.
So he came home again and was sad, for he would have liked very much to have a real princess.
All this is just to say that there may not be a single tool that can readily monitor every aspect of every application you need to monitor.
Following on the Global Task Team's recommendations, the 10 UNAIDS Co-sponsors and the UNAIDS secretariat adopted a division of labour in 2005 that clarified roles, responsibilities and accountabilities of individual agencies on the basis of organizational mandates and comparative advantages.
We should proceed forthwith with the implementation of President Hosni Mubarak’s initiative to free the Middle East from all weapons of mass destruction and their delivering vehicles.
That’s why most experts agree that slowing the rise in these so-called “entitlement” programs has to be part of reducing future deficits.
The next day it was still snowing, and the next, bitter cold.
The lack of access to essential services is a symptom, while the root causes lie in stigmatization.
Madam, we must with all haste raise an army to march upon Scotland.
 The first report, The Maturing Conventional Arms Transfer and Production System: Implications for Proliferation Control, is by Keith Crouse of the York University Centre for International and Strategic Studies.
Original: English
United Nations Human Settlements Programme
Metelen
Following a game many parents and coaches pay attention to the outcome and find the faults with their performance.
The results of the expanded questionnaire, conducted alongside the basic questionnaire for the 2010 census, show that 15.7 million people self-identify as indigenous people.
Have you moved something( ) No
United Nations Truce Supervision Organization
Please will you hook me up ( ie fasten my dress up ) at the back?
98. Rapid deployment capability is discussed in paragraphs 20 to 30 of the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of the recommendations of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations (A/58/694).
My delegation is a sponsor of draft resolution A/61/L.11, as introduced by the Philippines and Pakistan.
While one would not expect a very detailed level of documentary substantiation for the costs incurred in moving people out of a theatre of war, nonetheless, IMP submitted incomplete supporting records.
The Comprehensive Multidisciplinary Outline sets out 14 targets in the field of demand reduction, as well as the types of activities needed to achieve them at the national, regional and international levels.
The emergence of the stealth technology puts forward to the surveillance radar a big challenge.
The Secretary-General had also pointed out that the role of women in agriculture had been greatly under-reported and that new comparative studies should be undertaken.
In the high stress and emotional situation following an earthquake, Governments should pay particular attention to this matter.
They emphasized the obligations of all parties to the Peace Agreement to cooperate fully with the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
Allergies and eyelash infestation with lice may also cause blepharitis, although these causes are less common.
Offshoring to high-wage countries is positively correlated with manufacturing employment in the United States, and offshoring to low-wage countries, with declining employment.
(e) Fuelair explosives 264 - 265 61
It is perfectly summed up in the words of the old song: I joined the navy to see the world, and what did I see
After the Office completes an investigation of a serious misconduct allegation and transmits its report to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the Headquarters team carries out the follow-up action required with the relevant bodies such as the Office for Human Resources Management, the United Nations Volunteer Service, the head of mission through the mission team or Member States.
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (resolutions 48/121 and 48/141).
Mr. Giorgi Kolbin (Georgia)
Brunei Darussalam
In this context and in the context of international humanitarian law, they call on the Government of Israel to exert maximum efforts to avoid civilian casualties.
It is based primarily on perspectives from each side in an attempt to capture the nature of their relations as neutrally and objectively as possible.
Leslie's a bitching name.
9. Respect for minimum legal safeguards of anyone tried for an offence becomes a matter of vital importance in cases where the death penalty could be applied, due to the gravity and irreversible nature of that penalty.
FAO coordinated the emergency winter wheat assistance programme of non-governmental organizations in autumn 1999 and provided technical assistance, monitored the food security situation and carried out a province-wide livestock vaccination campaign.
77. The representative of the Philippines said that his country had diversified away from agriculture, and since the 1970s industry and services had come to provide the basis for development and income generation.
(1)Such a slow compression carries the gas through a series of states.each of which is very nearly an equilibrium state and it is called a quasi-static or anearly staticprocess.
The day after Russia agreed to a French-brokered cease-fire, Russian troops followed by irregular fighters pushed deep into Georgia, aiming to seize the strategic city of Gori and cutting the main highway that crosses the country to the capital Tbilisi.
A. Updates since the first session 15 - 20 5
He won the race with consummate ease.
4. Welcomes the ongoing efforts between the States members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the nuclear-weapon States, and encourages the nuclear-weapon States in their early signing of the Protocol to the Treaty on the South-East Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone;
International trade, currency and finance
Maybe this will save you a little time.
He hoped that the Secretariat would take steps to redress the situation.
What this study does do, however, is add to the increasing evidence that there are some detectable neurological differences in the brains of transgendered people.
Recalling the decision of the Commission at its eleventh session, endorsed by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 2003/61 of 25 July 2003, that the Commission, at its policy sessions, to be held in April/May of the second year of the cycle of the Commission's work programme, would take policy decisions on practical measures and options to expedite implementation in the selected thematic cluster of issues, taking account of the discussions of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Meeting, the reports of the Secretary-General and other relevant inputs,
10 outreach activities targeting eligible female applicants and applicants from troop- and police-contributing countries
Scarcely a whole study has been conduced to describe and realize a device able to exchange musical information with a computer.
(ii) Increased number of page views to the subprogramme's websites
And she died And i couldn't feel it.
Unit 17 Book 2 Language Points certain adjI am certain to be successful.
the only solution is to be neither colonist nor military chief;
Recognizing that Saint Lucia's economy can be very fragile should any such activity be allowed to infiltrate the country and the region, we are committed towards the continued fight against terrorism and terrorism related activities.
For example, new rules concerning community sanctions require payment from the organizations which benefit from the public works.
Don't play with me, Meg.I didn't think that of you.
43. The concluding meeting has been preceded by further consultations among the stakeholders as to its format and what could follow the formal ending of the current process.
The total resources provided by the General Assembly to ONUMOZ for the period from inception on 15 October 1992 to 31 March 1995 amounted to $561,099,100 gross ($553,493,000 net).
138.257 Pay special attention to the social and economic integration of the population in rural regions of the country through the development of the infrastructure and change of the regulatory framework in all spheres of life and sustenance (Tajikistan);
The United States had been at the forefront of the imposition of unilateral restrictions against States parties to the NPT, in particular developing countries.
87. Pursuant to President's statement 9/2 on modalities and practices for the universal periodic review process, the report of the Working Group, together with the views of the State under review concerning the recommendations and/or conclusions, as well as voluntary commitments made and replies presented by the State under review, before the adoption of the outcome by the plenary, to questions or issues that were not sufficiently addressed during the interactive dialogue in the Working Group, will constitute the outcome of the review, to be adopted by the Council at its plenary session through a standardized decision.
Aboriginal title is described as a “burden” on the underlying title of the Crown.
The group allied to Hekmatyar has also been reported to have caused additional difficulties, especially in areas immediately beyond Kabul.
from 11 p.m. till 7 a.m.
A lime rock freight train for Taiwan Plastic Co. at Han - Beng Station.
" The day of the exam came, and Donald sat next to Brian Smith, who always was at the top of the class in math.
In this regard, the Committee expresses particular concern regarding the case of Bazargeldy and Aydyemal Berdyev, in which the State party has denied the authenticity of a response that the Berdyevs allege to have received from the National Institute in 2009 regarding a claim of torture they had previously submitted.
The Group underlines that, in conformity with paragraph 9 of resolution 1980 (2011), the acquisition of vehicles in support of the Ivorian process of security sector reform should occur through an exemption procedure submitted formally by the Government to the sanctions Committee.
Thirty-eight Arab municipalities had appointed such an adviser to help formulate the local policy for the advancement of women and secure the needed resources.
I never thought Mr. Darcy so deficient in the appearance of it as you used to do.
(c) Starting point for reviews
Promyelocytic leukemia protein
As the Assembly is aware, the HIV/AIDS pandemic continues to ravage the African continent.
(b) Implement initiatives to support the development and improvement of poor housing conditions particularly in slum areas and informal settlements.
Judgement No. 1279
133. All the key anti-discrimination legislation specifically identifies Travellers by name as a social group which is given special protection in law.
ICSC
Zip
Agribusiness involves a large section of the population, so there is a need for different and inclusive policy approaches to generate employment.
commission on strategic development to discuss promotion of employment in hong kong (5.2.2009)
Can you tell us about the atmosphere of this campus?
III. Assessing the scope and extent of fraud
25. On 3 February, both disagreements were returned by the President of the PreTrial Chamber, who stated that the disagreements had not been considered by the Chamber because of Mr. Kasper-Ansermet's lack of authority.
Real subtle, j ulia.
 In our part of the continent, Eritrea and Ethiopia have already started mutually beneficial economic cooperation, and, together with the other countries of the Horn, are working to set up a regional mechanism to foster peace and cooperation.
The draft law on suppression of the money-laundering and financing of terrorism provides provisions that would regulate alternative money transfer agencies or services.
Corrugated fiberboard
Training was also essential.
Recommendation 169 set out the order in which claims should be paid, and recommendation 170 reiterated the principle that equally situated creditors should be treated similarly, unless otherwise agreed.
Mitsuoka Nouera
On 27 September 2007 the SCO Secretary-General Bolat Nurgaliev visited the Institute of Russian, East European and Central Asian Studies of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and delivered a lecture 鈥淪CO an organisation of multilateral cooperation.
We look forward to a successful outcome of the fifteenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, to be held in Copenhagen in December 2009, as part of our overall efforts for a green recovery from the crisis.
The best you can do when meet a professional beggar asking for money is to leave.
What I fear most is happy death, which is absolutely painless and full of bustle, excitement and even dramatic spectacle.
I. Host Country's Contribution of the host country to the core budget 89 27
If you sit around and wait for events and circumstances to pull you along, you'll end up getting nothing accomplished.
As a matter of drafting, it was suggested that the term "concludes" should be replaced by the term "considers" and that the word "otherwise" should be deleted as unnecessary.
The team from Australia, the company of which was restructured and renamed last year, has also won here before.
Most people know that the simple meaning of Christmas is to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ the son of God in the Christian religion.
Peter Horne
hydrocarbon gases,usually propane or butane,kept under pressure
The operation is expected to continue and additional releases may take place in April 1993.
Senegal
32. Ms. Hole (Norway), commenting on the usefulness of the phrase "paid work" to contrast with work that was not remunerated, said that the matter had indeed arisen in Norway, where there was active discussion on how to earn pension points before retirement.
Original: English/French
In light of the decreasing sales of Cards and Gifts, a question was raised on how the new model was being implemented.
Recruit, train and task your assassins to make them hyper-effective assistants on your missions.
I play tennis with my friends on Sunday afternoons.
The idea was to negotiate commodity agreements that would, through their own resources and those borrowed from a common financing facility to be established for this purpose, be able to finance buffer stocks in order to reduce price fluctuations, and stabilize prices at levels remunerative to producers.
Also at its sixty-eighth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary- General to submit a report to it at its sixty-ninth session on the implementation of the mandates of the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme, reflecting also emerging policy issues and possible responses and to include in that report information on the status of ratifications or accessions to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto (resolution 68/193).
17 October 1994
Select a preset size in the Select list, or specify a custom width and height for the project.
Total
Kerry"s Senate voting record over the last 20 years demonstrates a certain tendency to flip-flop on major issues, and this I find troubling
You ask Sally to grab some highlighters out of her purse and you mark the important days with different colors.
I might have seen there was too great a disparity between the ages of the parties to make it likely that they were man and wife.
I gave the alarm as soon as I saw the smoke.75
At its fifty-sixth to fifty-eight sessions, the General Assembly reviewed developments in the field of public administration and outlined proposed modalities for the work of the United Nations in support of the efforts of Member States (resolutions 56/213, 57/277 and 58/231).
In addressing the challenges posed by climate change, UNHabitat has a comparative advantage, through its close and strong relationship with local authorities, to help cities to achieve more compact urban expansion; take stock of their renewable energy and green infrastructure potentials; identify and promote the use of appropriate green technology innovations, especially in the energy, construction and transport sectors; and integrate use of these innovations into planning and building regulations.
57. OHCHR has been engaging with the Department of Political Affairs of the African Union Commission, the regional human rights treaty bodies, namely, the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, the African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights and the Africa Committee of Experts on the Rights and Welfare of the Child, as well as civil society organizations, through technical advice, regular consultations and workshops aimed at strengthening the capacity of those organs and institutions towards greater effectiveness and promoting the implementation of human rights instruments.
B. Fighting corruption
Appendix E to the staff rules
" said the man."A poor man ain't nowhere.
Strengthen data and information collection, including the monitoring of the adequacy of port and shipping services, as a basis for effective planning, decision-making and benchmarking;
Note 7
Accordingly, the competent authorities of States Parties shall be required to notify the competent authorities of a non-State party of cases where, on their territory, there is a child or woman who is a national of that non-State party and who has been a victim of trafficking in a State Party.
Fuxingmen
In view of the fact that the poorest would be hit the hardest, the Trade and Development Board of UNCTAD would be holding an executive session in November 2008 to discuss, inter alia, the implications of the crisis for developing countries.
Her Excellency Ms. Yolanda Rojas Urbina, Vice-Minister of the Family of Venezuela.
Inline cleanup tags
Beckham Earms 47000 Pounds a day Accounts Reveal.
Some of the rules that it proposes are unenforceable – and thus merely a source of red tape for migrants and their employers that would require huge public bureaucracies to administer.
Who wants us as tenants?
Several States are vulnerable in respect of their counter-financing of terrorism regulations, especially in the area of charitable organizations/NPOs and alternative remittance systems.
 Paragraph (3) offered an exception to the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (2) and it was therefore much more appropriate to indicate what was meant by burden of proof.
l'm with Surveillance and Target Acquisition. STA.
The first is to engage in surveillance and early warning systems that can detect the possibility of oncoming shocks.
Eysson
Having completed its consideration of the substance of the draft provisions of the draft Model Law, the Working Group requested the Secretariat to establish a drafting group to review the entire text with a view to ensure consistency between the various draft articles in the various language versions.
Interaction between the CSCE and the Security Council enhances a common strategy for common purposes.
Issuance of documentation for the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
COROT-7b
Another initiative in Sri Lanka supported focus group discussions in over 1,000 villages to determine resettlement and livelihood recovery needs and to exchange information between beneficiaries and agencies.
IV.41 Notwithstanding the explanation provided, the Advisory Committee reiterates its observation that, while the mandated work programmes of budget sections 10, 11 and 12 are interlinked, the current arrangements could undermine the dedicated high-level attention necessary to ensure adequate advocacy and mobilization of international support to address the special needs of the groups of Member States served by those mandates (see A/64/7, para. IV.49).
C. Goal 3: Halting and reversing the spread of HIV/AIDS
45. The Committee calls upon the State party to use the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action in its efforts to implement the provisions of the Convention.
Astor Place
Draft resolution on the implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)
This tall tree was hit by an electric shock and burst into fire.
(b) establish the composition of the incoming Bureau at an early date so that incoming Bureau members can consult with the outgoing Bureau and take part in its work;
i think we've all seen that darken rahl will do anything to bring peace to the midlands.
Probably the toughest situation to overcome for foreign employee is when an employer refuses to issue a Letter of Release.
New Jersey PATH train to Mahhatan arriving on track two.
Another round of currency crises took place in Asia in 1997 - 1998 .
This does not reflect any change in the priority that the United Kingdom accords the Disarmament Commission.
Someday your prince charming will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, and is too stubborn to ask for directions.
Improvements in property management were achieved through continued progress in the areas of write-off and disposal; Local Property Survey Board case processing; and physical accountability.
I would if I could.
Some delegations highlighted the need for sharing of information and access to data and research results, capacity-building and scientific collaboration related to the exploration, protection and study of marine genetic resources.
One way of doing so is to provide quality training to disabled persons so that they can access the labour market and join the world of work.
The recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the staffing proposals of the Secretary-General are contained in the paragraphs below.
Simone Inzaghi and Lazio are far from an agreement.
Low level of medical awareness among the general public.
As soon as you stop bleeding from your head, We're going to a lawyer.
Sorry, Sorry
It is especially valuable for use in some devices, for example, quantum function devices and film sensors etc.
So we kept on going, and this camel kept on trying to take a chunk out of my leg.
8. At the 2nd meeting, on 9 May, statements were made by representatives of Liechtenstein, Austria, the Philippines, Uruguay, Monaco, the Central African Republic, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
It also used air sampling equipment and took photographs of a large number of buildings.
Camp stores
Response to the issues raised in paragraph 15 of the list of issues and questions
The traditional halls of power and politics -- including this very General Assembly Hall -- are often dominated by those for whom youth is but a dim memory.
7.4 With regard to the author's claim that the absence of an oral hearing in the proceedings concerning his suspension and dismissal violated his right to a fair hearing under article 14, paragraph 1, the Committee notes his argument that only "formal" hearings were held during the first set of proceedings and that, in the second set of proceedings, the disciplinary authorities were not bound by the facts established by the Vienna Regional Criminal Court due to the different legal issues at stake in the criminal and disciplinary proceedings.
 234. Quite apart from the principles of decentralization, integration and national solidarity, the principle of the continuity of the development activities constitutes in itself alone an effective and lasting remedy for poverty.
E. Forestry
Action taken by the High Contracting Parties to Protocol V that have not yet established relevant national systems, regulations and procedures for recording and retaining information pursuant to Article 4 of the Protocol; Discussion Paper 2 may continue to serve as a basis for informing on the actions taken in respect to Article 4 Generic Electronic Template as well as for providing their views, comments, suggestions, etc. on this issue.
The Security Council, inter alia, welcomed the acceptance by Eritrea at the Head of State level of the OAU Framework Agreement; recalled the prior acceptance of the Agreement by Ethiopia; and stated that the Framework Agreement remained a viable and sound basis for a peaceful resolution to the conflict.
Demand side
Such cooperation should be provided in accordance with international law and national laws.
The rails were covered with ice and the wheels did not dite.
The results of calculation show that the turbulent mixing of particulate is increased with pulse corona discharge, so the collection efficiency of particulate is decreased.
Pakistan
Besides, we wasted twenty years.
The growing importance of instruments such as hedge funds and private equity funds posed a significant threat to financial stability.
As the External Audit report for the biennium 2008-2009 contains comments on Change Management Initiative, the matter would be further pursued under that report.
These include collaboration with the Biogeography of Deep-Water Chemosynthetic Ecosystems programme of the Census of Marine Life to obtain relevant species lists for fauna associated with polymetallic sulphides deposits in the Area.
Forsake learning, and you will ruin yourself.
459. In paragraph 125, the Board recommended that UNHCR devote the necessary efforts and resources to implement its Project Profile within the planned time frame.
At the same time, teachers should pay attention to the cultural education of students, so they have to ensure that communication should have the cultural background context.
Then the expressway under fast-track construction condition has a problem which is settlement control of bridge-approaching section.
The effects of fractionation are dependent on total doses and on fractionation procedures.
 This concern will remain especially valid until technological developments provide options for the utilization of renewable resources for the same purposes at levels of production that are sustainable.
PBB/10045
Revised estimates resulting from resolutions and decisions of the Economic and Social Council at its organizational and substantive sessions of 1997 (A/C.5/52/17)
Goal 7. Worked with FAO on the initiative for sustainable agriculture and rural development, particularly in Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Fiji, Guatemala, Samoa, Syrian Arab Republic and Viet Nam.
"Why not?
The CODEXTER is moving rapidly in the elaboration of a draft convention on the prevention of terrorism, which will include, inter alia, provisions on public provocation to commit acts of terrorism, recruitment and training for terrorist purposes, liability of legal entities coupled with safeguards and conditions.
4. At its eighteenth session, by resolution 1970 (XVIII) of 16 December 1963, the General Assembly decided to dissolve the Committee on Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories and requested the Special Committee to study the information transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations.
A small group selected from a wider population to find out how they feel about a company's current products and strategy.
And we are seeing a growing appetite for this kind of expertise, from within governments and the private sector.
Here was a career of usefulness opened before me!
Foreign currencies will be exchanged at the fixed exchange rate ($1=3.65QR).
19. Declare that the rediscovery in Chincha - a historic location in the story of slavery in the Americas - of a fundamental aspect of the identity of people of African descent has enabled us not only to formulate demands but also to understand the cultural, political and spiritual richness of peoples of African descent.
The manner in which these contributions are provided has a great impact on OHCHR's ability to implement activities, particularly since it can only spend money that has already been deposited.
The modifications strengthen the alignment of country programmes that are within UNDAFs to the strategic plans of the funds and programmes.
It assures that meetings are conducted in a timely, orderly and procedurally correct manner through authoritative advice and thorough preparations of the Secretariat.
Organization charts
Paragraphs of report
UNPREDEP United Nations Preventive Deployment Force
The process of preparing the report, involving both Government and civil society, had itself served to raise awareness of gender issues in her country.
With respect to registration of title transactions, it was stated that, if they were to be classified as secured transactions, in some countries, the following two approaches could be taken: the seller could be treated as an owner or as a secured creditor (in the latter case, title would pass to the buyer).
The Committee wishes to be informed, within 90 days, from the date of the transmittal of this decision, of the steps taken in response to the views expressed above.
That leads us to believe that in our country, the epidemic, once nascent, is becoming concentrated and generalized in some cases.
75. Latvia*
Although the scope increased, the United Nations managed to successfully negotiate to a guaranteed maximum price contract of $109 million.
A body into finger - ring for a keepsake forever.
At its 2nd meeting, the SBSTA agreed to consider this item in informal consultations convened by the Chair with the assistance of Mr. Jeffrey Spooner (Jamaica).
The SBSTA encouraged the GCOS steering committee to explore this proposal at its future sessions.
So you want to, what, keep her warming up in your bullpen Until the bottom of the ninth when you lose your arm?
EEC Trust Fund for Support to Prevention of the Diversion of Chemical Precursors for Drug Manufacturing in the Andean Countries
This default set of rules basically covers all the things you want to protect against, and makes it easy to get things going.
 Mr. Queta (Guinea-Bissau) (interpretation from French): My delegation takes this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General for the fine report he has submitted to the Security Council on the situation in Rwanda, pursuant to resolution 1029 (1995) of 12 December 1995.
52. Positive developments included the release of three prominent members of the political opposition and, seven members of the military in August. In May, 1,600 soldiers were released, although they were reportedly sent to the front.
There is no accurate data available on trafficking and prostitution. However, there are some studies we can refer to.
Be careful not to forget the value of a sweet and slow kiss.
The budgets of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and of the Mechanism have been developed on the assumption that the transfer of the management of the archives will take place as of 1 July 2012.
That latter attitude cannot lead to any true reform contributing to the realization of the purposes embodied in the Charter of the United Nations.
51. With regard to contributions made on behalf of participants who separated from the Fund with less than five years of contributory service, he recalled that the Fund was a collective arrangement that pooled contributions, assets and risks.
B1:Thanks,I'm flattered.Ipractice for hours every day!
Article 2 Disputes over contracts and disputes over property rights and interests between citizens, legal persons and other organizations as equal subjects of law may be submitted to arbitration.
for the 12-month period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010
Impact of exchange rate fluctuations
Cities in Canada by province or territory
Subprogramme 2. Disasters and conflicts
The idea of going to a peaceful place can be a very good present for the lady
Goodbye.A: Thank you, Mrs. Smith.
Play is release from the tedious battles against scarcity and decline which are the incessant, and inevitable, tragedies of life.
The major concern about the long-term river evolution arisen by many geomorphologists is given to the provenance sediment affected by coupling tectonic and paleoclimate interaction highlighting sediment tracer to the sink basin.
189. Meshal Ahmad Thenian Al-Musailem
If I have learned anything in these last eight years, it is that whether we like it or not, that we are growing more interdependent.
12. The Committee observes that the areas of competence of the various institutions and bodies combating discrimination, particularly the National Council for Combating Discrimination and the Ombudsman, may overlap, which might be detrimental to the effectiveness of one or other institution in the fight against discrimination (art. 2).
This member concluded that it was excessive to grant an additional one to two months of paternity leave for the father, thus bringing his leave for the year to a maximum of four months, and therefore refused to join the consensus.
1995 FY
The Court noted that even alleged criminal activities of the United States against Iran would not have justified breaches of diplomatic and consular inviolability: "diplomatic law itself provides the necessary means of defence against, and sanction for, illicit activities by members of diplomatic or consular missions."
It provides a valuable update on developments in responding to AIDS.
Alongside our National Economic Review Commission is the Constitutional Review Commission, which was set up in July 1996 to review the Constitution of the Kingdom of Swaziland.
This Announcement was regarded as a temporary instument until the Penal Code would be amended.
This Mardi Gras pageant was the exclusive possession of New Orleans until recently.
2. Calls, in particular, for the continuation of the efforts of States, with the assistance of the United Nations and relevant organizations involved in mine action, as appropriate, to foster the establishment and development of national mine-action capacities in countries in which mines and explosive remnants of war constitute a serious threat to the safety, health and lives of the local civilian population or an impediment to social and economic development efforts at the national and local levels;
It will make their teaching more efficient and perfect day by day, also will promote the students' development and their own professional development.
Terms of reference and mandate of the Global Working Group on Big Data for Official Statistics
In accordance with Executive Board decision 2006/14 and rule 7 of the rules of procedure, the Executive Board will hold a formal meeting for the purpose of electing a new President and other members of the Bureau, on Monday, 7 January 2013, from 11:30 to 12:30, in Conference Room 5 (NLB).
Britain, Rwanda's most generous backer, gave warning that it would cut its aid if Mr Kagame did not clean up Rwanda's act in next - door Congo.
List of motorcycle manufacturers
There is almost generalized agreement on many of the procedures and proposals to be introduced.
His performances of Othello was terrible.
One of the greatest achievements since the International Conference has been the improvement in the scope and quality of the available epidemiological and behavioural data on sexual and reproductive health from the developing countries, including the expansion and refinement of outcome measures in demographic and household surveys, multiple indicator cluster surveys and national family health surveys, the growth of demographic surveillance sites and substantial new surveillance efforts undertaken to monitor HIV- and AIDS-related burdens, including the increase in sexual behaviour research prompted by efforts to intervene and reduce sexual transmission.
We put in quite a lot of work [ energy ] in carrying out the experiment.
Whereas in the case of sexual violence crimes, the victim should be questioned at the stage of preparatory proceedings by a person of the same sex and, to the extent possible, in a room that ensures privacy.
If these problems can be addressed, both globally and at the national level, we can end the dangerous fiscal and monetary expansionism on which the world economy has come to rely and allow growth to be sustained over the long term – though at lower rates than in recent years.
All winners are invited to the United Nations Public Service Day and awards ceremony which includes the granting of awards, presentations of the winning initiatives and videoconference arrangements with high-level representatives from a number of participating countries.
Monaco
HS/C/16/14
A victim care system had been set up, and studies on the scope and impact of domestic violence had been undertaken, with a view to protecting society from its consequences.
[4 August 2004]
Several of the responses stated that gender equality was seen as peripheral to government concerns or was pushed off the agenda by other urgent priorities.
Training in and dissemination of the Convention
It welcomed growing efforts by African countries to consolidate the rule of law, good governance and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms at the national level and called for greater support for regional and subregional crisis prevention and settlement mechanisms.
Supplementary information on significant variances
11. In its last report (see A/56/863, para. 62), the Special Committee reiterated the great importance it attaches to strengthening the management of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND REPORTS OF THE OFFICE OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER AND THE SECRETARY-GENERAL
When he was in Congress, sundown would not find us in Washington the day Congress adjourned.
I'm not really in that line of work anymore.
With variables and assignments, you can also perform easy calculations, such as counting the occurrences of a query.
Can be customized any jewelry, a custom mode;
Saint-Simon, ignored, was erecting his sublime dream.
The Constitution of The Bahamas categorically guarantees the protection of fundamental rights and freedoms of the individual for all persons throughout the country.
(b) Action 2: Implement standards for data preservation, documentation and dissemination that permit broader public access to statistics;
The Commission recognizes, however, that Protocols I and II are also part of the applicable law.
Which organizations work on women's issues within the minority?
37. In a related context, the Special Committee, at its 3rd meeting, on 27 May 2008, adopted a resolution on the question of sending visiting missions to Territories.
(b) Joint scenarios, modelling and vulnerability assessments are important in transboundary contexts; however, the extent of harmonization depends on resources and the availability of time;
Draft resolution A/57/L.83/Rev.1
4.14 The State party's experience has been that unless detention is strictly controlled, there is a strong likelihood of abscondment.
Finally, the ministry is taking steps to make policymakers more aware of the impact of policy on different social groups, such as women, by encouraging them to go on internships and working visits that are linked to their policy portfolios.
Second Committee
Resident coordinator system
Ruling: By Chairman
Charlotte Gainsbourg
But scuba diving, submersibles and all the work that we're setting about to do here will help rectify that.
:: Reinforce the mediator with a team of specialists, particularly experts in the design of mediation processes, country/regional specialists and legal advisers, as well as with logistics, administrative and security support.
Sometimes those messages carry viruses and worms, which replicate themselves and very quickly infect millions of computers across a network.
Companies often like to conduct share buyback programmes because they reduce the amount of outstanding shares and thus drive up earnings per share.
this was taken three months ago right here.
68. The work of the Section is conducted in three areas, namely, the courtrooms, safe houses and the field.
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to the item,
His car circled around.
It would be for the experts meeting in January 1995 to decide on appropriate follow-up to the suggestions made at the recent meeting, and to attempt to translate those recommendations into concrete action.
People line the streets to welcome.
The particular locations where the containment and surveillance measures had been interrupted and where accordingly, samples, smears and gamma-mapping are needed are those where irradiated fuel is dissolved, the plutonium glove box area and the waste area.
Summary The present report describes the role and achievements of the Cambodia Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR/Cambodia) from July to December 2003 in assisting the Royal Government and people of Cambodia to further the protection and promotion of human rights.
In August 2003 the Minister for Gender Equality tried to trigger a broader discussion about gender equality in a newspaper feature with the heading “Self-perpetuating Howling Choir”, claiming that Danish debates about gender are dominated by a little group of 50-year-old academic women who have said the same things all of her life and stating that she wants the debate about gender equality back to the people on the factory floor.
In Mongolia, the four implementing agencies - UNFPA, UNICEF, UNESCO and WHO - planned and implemented a joint project evaluation.
Bahrain + Sau.
Malta
Article 3.13 bis. If the emissions of a Party not included in Annex I, which has elected to make a commitment inscribed in Annex BI, in a commitment period are less than its assigned amount under this Article, this difference shall, on request of that Party, be added to the assigned amount for that Party for subsequent commitment period.
A. Scope and objective
Training carried out in the regions through the regional offices (3) [2]
a heavy sleep; fell into a profound sleep; a sound sleeper; deep wakeless sleep.
Programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
X
36. The Committee noted that the funded ratios showed decreases from those of the prior valuation, which marked a break in the trend of continued improvements in the funded ratios since 1980.
Emphasizing the importance for States of protecting and preserving their cultural heritage in accordance with relevant international instruments such as the Convention on the Means of Prohibiting and Preventing the Illicit Import, Export and Transfer of Ownership of Cultural Property, adopted by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization on 14 November 1970, the Convention on Stolen or Illegally Exported Cultural Objects, adopted at Rome on 24 June 1995 by the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law, and the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, adopted at The Hague on 14 May 1954, and the two Protocols thereto of 14 May 1954 and 26 March 1999,
later: Sir Nigel Rodley (Vice-Chair)
Improve access to educational opportunities for learners with special education needs
But Uriah slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord and went not down to his house.
The Evaluation and Oversight Unit reviews these plans every six months and draws to the attention of the Management Board necessary corrective action.
Turn the heat down and simmer for 8 to 10 minutes; remove leeks and drain on paper towels.
Individuals producing primarily for and selling to an established clientele, including wholesalers, for commercial purposes.
A 12-km metal barrier was erected and 16,000 police deployed to ensure the summit is not disturbed. (Reuters) -  -  -  -  -  -
50 and 51
The proliferation of largely unregistered firearms in the country poses a threat to public security.
(d) Develop brief outreach material aimed at private sector target groups;
Blown light yellow light green terraced rice paddies, wet sky graceful.
Voluntary Principles language - and in some cases the actual text - has been incorporated into legal agreements between Governments and companies.
1.2.2 Government approves timeline and legislation for the conduct of a national census
Although the tension was palpable in the days following the 11 September attacks, it soon subsided.
(c) Promote mass media, private sector and community-based campaigns to promote safety and security and attitudes of zero tolerance towards gender-based violence against women and girls, in all its manifestations, especially in the context of HIV.
4-6 Feb 2003, Western Asia Preparatory Conference for the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS), ESCWA- Ministry of Telecommunications, Beirut
34. Her Government had overcome the crisis in those difficult times and was on the path to social development.
 Selected foreign students also participate in the general staff course.
ICTR should establish an authorized imprest level for the Office of the Prosecutor and not make additional advances unless previous advances have been accounted for.
Addendum
12. On 29 October 2007, by its resolution 1782 (2007), the Security Council renewed until 31 October 2008 the measures contained in paragraphs 7 to 12 of resolution 1572 (2004) and paragraph 6 of resolution 1643 (2005).
 Attention is drawn to Economic and Social Council resolution 1989/114, in which the Council requested its subsidiary bodies to highlight policy recommendations and decisions resulting from their deliberations for consideration and appropriate action by the Council.
Brazil felt that opportunities and incentives for the private sector were of prime importance, as were the formation of links between it and the public sector, which was one of the items on the economic agenda, and the provision of access to services for all users, which was an integral component of the social agenda.
Reconstruction of one of the central streets in Belgrade, Kralja Milana Street, in 2002, was an opportunity to install tactile paths for the blind and visually impaired persons and bring down curbs at pedestrian crossings for persons with mobility limitations.
Nairobi, 21 - 24 February 2011
[Article 21
5 August 1983
The motion picture is one of the most popular form of entertainment.
BANGKOK – In the field of human development, the year that just ended was better than many predicted it would be.
Indaiabira
EXPERIMENTAL MEASUREMENT AND NUMERICAL SIMULATION OF DYNAMICS OF LABYRINTH SEAL-ROTOR COMBINATION
Informal consultations on agenda item 130 (Programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013: Capital master plan (A/67/350, A/67/350/Add.1, A/67/5 (Vol. V), A/67/319 (chapter III), A/67/548 and A/67/330))); and Umoja/Enterprise resource planning (A/67/360, A/67/164 and A/67/565) and International Public Sector Accounting Standards (A/67/344, A/67/345, A/67/168 and A/67/564))
Mr. Henderson declined to identify which executives were on their way out.
Nuclear-weapon States should therefore strictly adhere to their pledges in that regard, in particular in the context of the results achieved by the 1995 Review and Extension Conference and the 2000 Review Conference.
The Under-Secretary-General for Management shall establish the composition and terms of reference of such boards, which shall include procedures for determining the cause of such loss, damage or other discrepancy, the disposal action in accordance with rules 105.22 and 105.23 and the degree of responsibility, if any, attaching to any official of the United Nations or other party for such loss, damage or other discrepancy.
VI. Mechanisms established to clarify the fate of missing persons 3649 9
 A number of witnesses were called, including the former Mayor of Sarajevo, the accused Dra_en Erdemovi_ and a survivor of a massacre alleged to have occurred in Srebrenica in July 1995, as well as two amici curiae.
The unattended tea kettle was boiling away in the kitchen.
It may be noted that the Partnership consists of 14 international organizations, namely, the Centre for International Forestry Research (CIFOR); the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); the International Tropical Timber Organization (ITTO); the International Union of Forest Research Organizations (IUFRO); the secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity; the secretariat of the Global Environmental Facility (GEF); the secretariat of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa; the secretariat of the United Nations Forum on Forests; the secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP); the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP); the World Agroforestry Centre (ICRAF); the World Bank; and the World Conservation Union (IUCN).
59. It was further indicated that recommendations formulated in the context of the UPR are often based on the concluding observations of human rights treaty bodies and recommendations issued by special procedures.
C. Treaty monitoring bodies
Husbands are also entitled to add the wife's name to his own.
Communication on the risk and benefits of fish consumption should involve a two-way dialogue.
The components not only can reflect the impact of a node on one stability problem but alsocan be made use to analyze the apportionment of security costs among all market participants.
COSPAR international designator:
Fundashon Maleeho di Adikshon (Foundation for the Management of Addiction) and Servisio guia edukashonal (Educational Guidance Service) and Plataforma di Mayor.
5. Society to Support Children Suffering from Cancer
His eyes were large and blue, with brown lashes; his high forehead, colourless as ivory, was partially streaked over by careless locks of fair hair.
The capital city Harbin boasts its neat, impressive and artistic ice and snow sculptures, carvings, and buildings in parks and on frozen rivers.
We'll have to get it out of here.
Moreover we have Inzaghi and Tomasson.
But spam is not just a hack or a crime, it is a social problem, too.
Article 65. Actions against the person identified as the carrier
It may be possible to authorize official deliveries on a case-by-case basis, with close and continuous monitoring of their distribution and use.
He wastes a lot of time on things that have no importance.
On 10 per cent of the provisions, no information was provided (see figure V).
Probably because his father's name was Jondrette.
For these reasons, there was competition for the Republican Party nomination in 1976.
The importance of bilateral or multilateral cooperation among States was also highlighted.
A large share in the UK market often looks small in relation to the global market.
98. Letter dated 4 July 2006 from the Permanent Representative of Japan to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2006/481) (15 July 2006; 6 October 2006).
52. The Republic of Korea welcomed the considerable progress made in the fight against corruption.
The person educated by this approach really knows their position, understand how to answer the future challenge and hunt job seemly .
Mr. Peter Zsolt Vargay (represented by Dr. Istvan Barbalics)
This position is based on a paragraph contained in general comment No. 32, which has attracted criticism in a number of minority opinions regarding individual cases previously considered by the Committee.
This is the reason for the inclusion of the concept in article 49.
Lost: one diamond ring. Finder will be rewarded.
August, 2000 United Nations Department of Public Information/
Infobox ligament
Capacity-building under the Convention;
* Guinea Equatorial (Africa).
Your email was forwarded to me by Larry Contrares. Yes, we would be very interested in your line of mufflers, tips and any other products you manufacturer.
(continued on page 2)
The next day, I stopped by again to hug my friend goodbye and give the girls meager gifts of Skittles and coloring books.
She encouraged Member Sates to contribute to the fund and emphasized that No woman should die giving life.
Christianity, by imposing its faith on the art, politics and even economics of a culture, unconsciously made God part of that culture—and when the world changed, belief in this God was undermined.
V. Conclusions
The history of this body in negotiating disarmament treaties has amply demonstrated the ability of multilateral negotiations to conclude global agreements prohibiting weapons of mass destruction, not least their verification provisions.
18-19 April 2006, Deputy Secretary-General in charge of political affairs Serik Naryssov took part and delivered a welcoming speech at a conference 鈥楾he SCO 鈥?five years of development and future prospects鈥?organised by China Research Institute for International Studies.
As a result 50 magistrates were trained in the area of forensic psychology and 26 forensic psychologists were accredited to work directly with the courts.
:Describe a course you want to learn if you had timeage stage what, when)A change in your lifeA change you would like to make in future .14.
It is also necessary to ensure adequate material and technical support in order to achieve higher efficiency in implementation of measures and actions within the FID's scope of work.
"Otherwise, when he has laid a foundation and is not able to finish, all who observe it begin to ridicule him,
(n) Migrant Workers (Supplementary Provisions) Convention, 1975 (No. 143)
Support to convention secretariats to harmonize reporting on environmental crime.
It was drizzling when the train pulled into the station.
1 USG, 2 ASG, 6 D-2, 14 D-1, 33 P-5, 36 P-4, 27 P-3, 12 P-2, 5 GS (PL), 80 GS (OL)
2.2.1 Adoption of a disarmament, demobilization and reintegration plan for Darfur by designated Sudanese authorities
In most cases, a prescription of 20 years applied for crimes involving the sexual abuse or exploitation of a child.
Do you agree or disagree?
In March 2001, OHCHR initiated the establishment of an IGO Contact Group on Trafficking and Migrant Smuggling which brings together representatives of the major Geneva-based intergovernmental organizations working on trafficking, including the International Labour Organization (ILO), UNHCR, IOM and the International Migration Policy Programme as well as relevant NGOs.
Scortum barcoo
Similarly, the Panel has found that, consistent with the provisions of Governing Council decision 9, a claim based on the interruption of a course of dealing may constitute a loss eligible for compensation.
We eat moon cake and many fruits. When we enjoy the full moon.
"Concerned about the growing extent of the penetration of criminal organizations and their proceeds into the economy,
I suppose old habits die hard.
He was working with the Chair of the United Nations Development Group to encourage other United Nations agencies to adopt the tool, as this common platform would be a significant contribution to the "Delivering as one" initiative.
The issue of the informal sector in Eritrea is somewhat different from most developing countries.
" Britain also has a strong tradition of hospices - special hospitals which care only for the dying and their special needs.
The Centre intends to intensify technical cooperation activities and is ready to provide further assistance, subject to the availability of funds, to meet specific needs of the members of the Zone.
Let's put our Christmas gifts away and keep them a while.
They had searched Chongryon facilities and schools, assaulting and arresting Koreans and confiscating documents.
The Security Council,
Goals seven and eight address the intercultural perspective, a cross-cutting element of the plan.
Furthermore the World Intellectual Property Organization was the proper forum to discuss issues of intellectual property associated with traditional knowledge and that the references in the resolution to traditional knowledge had no binding effect.
Abortion in Northern Ireland 55
Thus, among other things, policies which have a bearing on entrepreneurship and the development of enterprises, such as monetary, fiscal, trade and exchange rate policies, will need to be consistent with sectoral and firm-level policies.
Approach: Increased simplicity, transparency, and comparability;
However, thanks to neighbouring islands in the Caribbean and to the British, French and Americans in the region, a semblance of life is returning, as emergency access is now being gained with great difficulty.
65. Call upon States to make sure they respect the rights of the most vulnerable groups and in no case suspend or undercut these rights to create incentives for foreign investment;
26 June 1987
Accordingly, Democrats have been framing the midterms as a referendum on Trump.
2007-03-20 12:10 (U.S. Trade Envoy Urges Beijing to Help Solve WTO Agriculture Dispute)   The United States Trade Representative Rob Portman says China should use its status as a major trading power to help break the deadlock concerning World Trade Organization (WTO) agriculture policies.
The Organization is on the cusp of making several transformational reforms that will better equip it to respond to these demands, including the introduction of Umoja and a new mobility scheme.
Training Impact Assessment may be made a continuous process
Mrs. Sakiko Fukuda-Parr, Director, Human Development Report Office, UNDP, will present the report with Mr. Michael Doyle, Special Adviser to the Secretary-General, Assistant Secretary-General.
It is a professional stainless steel fastener supplier integrates manufacturing, selling with service.
CHAPTER V PROTECTION OF COAL MINING AREAS Article 58 No units or individuals may damage the installations of electric power and communications, the sources of water, the means of transportation and other production facilities in coal mine areas.
Annual Monitoring Review
Early treatment of streptococcal sore throat can stop the development of rheumatic fever.
The secretariat confirms that the claims set out in table 8 were awarded as family claims when they should have been awarded as individual claims.
But it is not too early to consider what that challenge could mean for a part of the world that has in many ways defied history.
(a) Take all measures to ensure that Batwa children, especially Batwa girls benefit from the policy of free primary education including the possible creation of a fund to cover essential items for education (such as school materials, clothing and nutritional support);
We heard that many countries - including those with relatively small emission profiles - wish to be part of the global response.
18 January 1998
Lenin pointed out that imperialism is monopolistic capitalism, parasitic or decaying capitalism, moribund capitalism.
Ever since we had the argument, she looks straight through me as if I didn't exist.
Issues relating to women with disabilities are an emerging concern in the Asia-Pacific region.
Good night,my crowned goddess.
Sustainable development: promotion of new and renewable sources of energy
"Recognizing that the problems of hunger and food insecurity have global dimensions and that there has been virtually no progress made on reducing hunger and that it could increase dramatically in some regions unless urgent, determined and concerted action is taken, given the anticipated increase in the world's population and the stress on natural resources,
64. Under agenda item 7 (c), the Council adopted decision 2011/271.
SFH on live pig supply and avian influenza
There is no reason why in a society that has changed so much since our parents generation we need to follow that traditional path
All these manuscripts date back to the period from the 4th to the 7th centuries A.
What's the fare on the Staten Island Ferry?
Building on the experience of the few Parties that have commenced preparation of national climate plans, the meetings would explore the guidance prepared for systematic observations and assist the development of national communications by participating Parties.
It is estimated that more than 4,000 basic education schools have been damaged or completely destroyed, which affects a school population of around 1.1 million children.
Their participation in the world economy has declined since the Buenos Aires Conference.
Nonetheless, work continued to develop agreements on competencies in key areas such as taxes, civil status documents, education and health.
Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization
Please   I don't want to go away.
(g) In type 4 and 5 municipalities, 80 per cent of children aged between 6 and 9 months have started complementary feeding;
She looks at her belly button, uneasy: "You've got to be kidding me. "
b Funded under general temporary assistance.
The human mind, except when guided by extraordinary genius, cannot surmount the established conclusions.
The reduction reflects lower Programme Delivery and Administrative Support costs resulting from initiatives to reduce such support costs.
(h) There is a need to promote research and development, to provide infrastructure and support services and to encourage investment, including joint ventures in developing countries engaged in the commodity and commodity-processing sectors;
Indonesia
They receive 30 per cent of the average salary at their main job";
Ministry of Agriculture Forestry and Fisheries staffs are 16% female and most occupy administrative positions.
23. Ms. Melon (Argentina) expressed the hope that the forthcoming visit of the Special Rapporteur to Myanmar would coincide with the release of other political prisoners and the reform of the justice sector.
In December 1995, the Government formulated an action plan for persons with disabilities called a seven-year normalization strategy as an implementation plan for important measures to proceed with the realization of the plan.
Not all countries and groups can move at the same pace.
4.3 According to the State party, the author's allegations concerning the use of unlawful methods of investigation against her son and concerning violations of the criminal procedure legislation during the examination of his cases have not been confirmed.
33. Also at the same meeting, the Council heard the voluntary national presentations by Viet Nam and Nigeria.
91. Unfortunately, less than a week after the adoption of resolution 1500 (2003), a suicide bomber attacked the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, killing 22 staff and injuring more than 150.
In the case of infringement, sanctions are imposed as follows:
7. Approves the donation of assets of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda with a total inventory value of 12,581,000 dollars and corresponding residual value of 2,401,300 dollars to the Government of Rwanda;
The Secretariat stood ready, within its resources, to help make a focused, value-added contribution.
Provision of contents and business details in response to enquiries and complaints
(c) How can resilience to external financial shocks be fostered through insurance strategies, such as the accumulation of foreign reserves, the development of domestic debt markets, the broadening of the investor base and the issuance of debt instruments that provide insurance against domestic and external shocks?
Buildings and structures in India
More knowledge of it is important for all mankind. 4
The first project was known as the Jute Farm Debuni project and involved land reclamation as well as the construction of main, secondary and tertiary irrigation and drainage systems, asphalt roads, houses and administrative buildings.
Onsite registration will start at 10 a.m. on Sunday, 16 November, and thereafter at 8 a.m. every day for the duration of the joint meeting.
Implementation mechanisms had been established for various policies and strategies to promote women's rights and their economic empowerment, including a 25-year strategic plan for 2003-2027 and a national strategy for the family.
The Group obtained documents proving that HTC also sells to a company known as African Ventures Ltd., which is a Samoan-registered company with a Hong Kong, China, address (see annex 60).
The Afghan Government and the international community should now focus on the implementation of the Kabul process, the most important message of which is Afghan ownership.
She also thanked the Secretariat staff, who had worked closely with the Government, particularly on the development of the integrated programme.
Tell her you are going to see your parents and then take her for a day out to the zoo/theme park/funfair instead
1. Examples of proposed systems
(iv) A media campaign on child trafficking was organized with the support of UNICEF and the Embassy of the United States of America;
That allows Latin America to contribute to the search for solutions to resolve the grave crisis affecting us.
In this paper, three stages of blasting development in Hujiayu Copper Mine are summarized and analysed. Drilling and blasting parameters are discussed.
Head back around towards the river.
FIN - Finance
89. The resolution on humanitarian assistance adopted by the Institute of International Law in Bruges, Belgium, in 2003 offers a more explicit combination of the humanitarian and operational aspects of this principle.
Organization of weekly meetings of the Joint Fact-finding Group and contacts with law enforcement agencies on both sides of the ceasefire line Meetings
5 the mighty desert is burning for the love of a bladeof grass who shakes her head and laughs and flies away.
I would like to reiterate that peace in the Middle East must, in our view, be achieved on the basis of the complete implementation, in good faith, of Security Council resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973) and the agreements signed by the parties over the years.
 In its resolution 48/193, the General Assembly decided that the Conference should take place from 25 April to 6 May 1994, with the pre-Conference consultations to take place on 24 April 1994.
Proletarian Society of China
Furthermore, the Ministry of the Brussels-Capital Region encourages the employment of persons with disabilities through vocational adaptation contracts;
The Executive Committee of the High Commissioner's Programme was established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 1166 (XII) of 26 November 1957, to advise the High Commissioner in the exercise of his or her functions and to approve the use of voluntary funds made available to the High Commissioner.
New residential codes were established to provide better statistical reporting and programme planning, and the records of 1,000 deceased refugees were updated in coordination with the host authorities.
So macroscopical damage mechanism of rock mass should research through its load and deformation law.
Maintain a balanced diet, eat less deep-fried and fatty foods.
The vulgarians with whom Lily and Ralph grapple unsuccessfully are accurately and acidly observed.
The green wallpaper is the perfect complement to the old pine of the dresser.
Arayama, a corporate management consultant from Kamakura, south of Tokyo, was part of an 11-person team that included six Nepalese Sherpas and five Japanese climbers.
77.35. Take measures to guarantee effective access to justice and protection for women victims of gender-based violence (Brazil); 77.36.
However, as I have said, it is important to ensure that these exercises do not distract attention from our main concern, the adoption of a programme of work.
Delta 2 R/B
Two States have each submitted seven notifications.
The bride and groom  often feed each other a piece of cake before serving the guests.
36. In its response, Cameroon stated that on freedom of the press, laws are firmly entrenched and the issues that are raised in this area generally refer to registration of press organs.
5 July 2008, the Council, at its eleventh session, approved the set of statutory documents and the rules of procedure governing all aspects of the work of the D-8 secretariat.
At the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth (Lisbon, 8–12 August 1998), many speakers, including representatives of youth organizations, called for more energetic national and international actions to prevent and reduce drug addiction among young people.
Sex of alkali resistance of pure cotton cloth is strong, can use all sorts of soap and scour catharsis .
Zalaszentiván
"The bends may affect persons who must work in compressed air, as in constructing a tunnel under a river. Skin divers and deep sea divers may also suffer from this illness."
WSJ: You're requiring English to be used more in the headquarters and to talk to the rest of the organization.
The Constitution of Yemen contained several provisions that guaranteed the rights of the child and his Government had set up the necessary institutional mechanisms in order to implement its legislation on the subject, including a high council for mothers and children and a Ministry of human rights.
Yearning suddenly for society, she sent out invitations for some function.
Meeting future human needs in the areas of food, water resources, energy and human settlements depends crucially on how the world's forests are managed.
Countries in Africa and Asia report the highest fatalities due to indoor smoke from solid fuels.
Conflicts had interrupted the provision of basic services and the implementation of policies and programmes.
Sixty-third session
References for the sixty-fifth session (agenda item 37)
Nobody will ever again be able to build an estate big to produce an independent income.
As it turned out, most of the session was conducted in English.
This figure reflects a decrease in the number of cases reported compared to the same period in 2005.
It was so decided.
Anthropology is a science in that anthropologists use a rigorous set of methods and techniques to document observations that can be checked by others. 18.
The remaining Euro0.5 million represent a net revaluation loss of book balances.
Sanctions should be tailored to specific situations, should have defined goals and should be terminated as soon as such goals were achieved.
Volunteering was the theme of United Nations Day in Geneva; the session of the UNDP/United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) Executive Board included a special event marking the Year; the Universal Postal Union produced six commemorative stamps; and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) awarded the Nansen Medal to United Nations Volunteers.
It also calls for the development of exchange visitor programmes.
You can notify us about the change by the following ways:
Projects tend to fail so the more one can squeeze a year thethe chance a success.
President Mugabe: Allow me to congratulate Mr. Kerim on his election to preside over this Assembly.
as Professional Advisor to the Competition.
In its final report, the Panel has also provided information on individuals who impede the peace process, constitute a threat to stability in Darfur and the region, violate international humanitarian or human rights law or other atrocities, violate the arms embargo or are responsible for military overflights in Darfur.
Lincoln pulled Grigsby off, raised him shoulder high and threw him aside as though he were a sack of meal
Head count production department planning department QC Section stamping factory
72. The prevailing security situation also affected schools and hospitals.
We welcome the fact that ISAF in cooperation with the Government of Afghanistan joined the fight against drug production and proliferation in Afghanistan and support its wide-ranging participation in multilateral efforts in this area.
Volunteerism is a universal resource for peace, development and the achievement of the MDGs.
This requires not only commitment to continuously improving the international security environment, but also earnestly preserving and enhancing universality and effectiveness of the international non-proliferation regime, as well as abandoning double standards.
509. Ms. Ogun-Bassani said that according to research conducted by UNICEF and the World Bank, it would cost approximately US$ 70 billion to get the 130 million children deprived of education into primary schools.
What color are they?
Rwanda
The Milan Club of Arbitrators submits comments it received from two of its members on the draft revised UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules.
Perhaps some form of incentive, including tax incentives, should be offered for them to place women higher up on their lists.
(d) The responses do not indicate a clear correlation between legislation which supports human rights education and the actual incidence of activities for human rights education.
Minimum downward variation of average interest rates on investments relative to average market rates.
Other Statistics
28 February 2003
[They played a shameful part in the whole affair.
He says that you must go and open that large chest which stands in the corner, and you will see the evil one crouching down inside; but you must hold the lid firmly, that he may not slip out
Organizational questions
478 deaths
HIS beautiful little island contains some of the most picturesque scenery in England.
(q) Physical education programme: the Department of Physical Education is the technical administrative department of the Ministry of Education responsible for coordinating and implementing policy, strategy and guidelines on physical education at the national level; its objective is to boost physical and sporting activities both in and out of school, in order to obtain optimum levels of development and growth among programme participants, under the slogan "Physical education for all".
She flushed the toilet and went back in the bedroom.
1. The issue of victim assistance has formed an important part of the work under CCW Protocol V and, in particular, of the Meeting of Experts' work program.
The panel, featuring five migration experts from Government, civil society, academia and the private sector, was moderated by the Chair of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Population and Development, the Permanent Representative of the Republic of Moldova.
If that is so, and if deceiving is an intentional activity, then one who deceives oneself does so knowingly.
The new relationships forged since the Rio Summit in 1992 among the many stakeholders from government, international organizations, civil society and the private sector constitute the basis for finding joint solutions to these challenges.
An initial type test certificate for each model of regulator, confirming completion of tests in accordance with recognised international standards and issued by a Recognised Certification Authority in the country of origin, shall be forwarded by the manufacturer to the gas supply company prior to importation into Hong Kong, China.
Mr. Przemyslaw Wyganowski (Poland)
 Even though the international community had adopted numerous resolutions to deal with the issue, little had changed.
Population by broad industry sector by ethnicity by 1,000s of people, 2009
That is even truer today, when the Organization and the number of mandates are so much greater.
One group of Frenchmen was standing close by the road, and two soldiers, one with his face covered with sores, were tearing at a piece of raw meat with their hands.
 22. Poverty requires a public response, but that response can be made by different actors using different means.
First priority concerns poverty.
27.39 The distribution of resources between the two main organizational units responsible for subprogramme 2, News services, is set out below.
The rewards for doing this right are significant.
Thus the same page referred to in subparagraph (a) above would result in one page view;
Such policies intended to eliminate rigidities in the countries concerned and to foster a macroeconomic environment conducive to sustained economic growth.
* Handicap International was charged by the United Nations Interim Administration, Kosovo, with the coordination of physical medicine and rehabilitation in the territory of Kosovo from September 1999 to March 2002.
It looks as if you company is heading for another record year!
 22. The Secretary of the Executive Board informed the Board that UNDP had been reviewing ways in which it could accommodate the Board within its present headquarters premises in order to comply with paragraph 21 of General Assembly resolution 48/162, annex I.
Domestic and international economic policies
I have often thought it would be a blessing if each human being were stricken blind and deaf for a few days at some time during his early adult life.
Representatives of the Science and Press circles held a cordial conference at the China Millennium Museum to celebrate Chinese Spring Festival.
Such inchoate offences are punishable only where the law expressly so provides.
They rough he - man type gutter language , intended to scare people and show how tough they were.
It is acknowledged however that, as noted by the CTC, there are some questions as to the sufficiency of these ancillary offence provisions in the context of terrorist financing.
Pseudo-Hadamard transform
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for accepting the optional reporting procedure and for submitting its combined third to fifth periodic report in a timely manner by providing replies to the list of issues (CAT/C/LVA/Q/5), which focuses the examination of the report as well as the dialogue with the delegation.
Determination Algorithm for Impulse Responses of LTI-Meshwork Based on Fast m-Sequence Transform
Organization of the work of the session
As for seasonal hunger (not getting enough food only in some months of the year) it is 1.1% in rural areas and 0.02% in urban areas.
Furthermore, they stressed on the necessity to promote the institutional relation between the PBC and the General Assembly, the Security Council and the ECOSOC.
It's like asking if you are a Democrat or a Republican.
United officials met the Spartak president Sergey Shavlo in London earlier this week for negotiations over Vidic's proposed transfer, though agents acting on the player's behalf remain in talks with Liverpool.
Afghanistan was further discussed at meetings in Moscow on 25 and 26 June of the Joint Indo-Russian Working Group on Afghanistan and in Washington, D.C., on 26 and 27 June of the Indo-US Joint Working Group on Counter-Terrorism.
When did she talk to the shop assistant?
They rarely get their pupils to learn lessons by heart.
h The General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/45, noted with satisfaction that, in accordance with paragraph 9 of Assembly resolution 52/56, the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-first session, had reviewed further its requirements for unedited verbatim transcripts and agreed to continue the use of those transcripts.
1. UNICEF Special Representative
Bellerive-sur-Allier
Emotional intelligence and Social Support are negatively correlated to Emotional Exhaustion.
As mentioned in UNHCR's Annual Programme Budget for 2007 (Part II, sub-section V.B.), work is going on to develop an Operations Management System (OMS) that reflects a logical framework.
Other meetings of the Executive Board shall take place at the location of the secretariat, unless the Executive Board decides otherwise or other appropriate arrangements are made by the secretariat in consultation with the Chair.
9. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author's son with an effective remedy, including initiation and pursuit of criminal proceedings to establish responsibility for his ill-treatment, as well as his release and adequate compensation.
D. Legal guarantees for human rights protection 145 — 146 33
Our turnaround wasn't only due to the workers.
Nevertheless, the key benefits from forests are not necessarily synergistic.
Do you think your mother and I shall have live comfortably so long together if ever we have is marry?
Taxonomy/Carpodacus
We have serious concerns about article 2, which we firmly believe needs a more focused definition that includes the element of intentionality.
English is the bridge to the world.
The publishing of newspapers and periodicals has also been developed steadily.
The creation of a fountain without a basin was an innovation that transformed fountain design.
The party have begin a purge of right - wing element.
14. The 5,200 personal computers connected to the local area network of Headquarters have recently been replaced by state-of-the-art hardware and software making the desktop environment fully compliant.
Ms. Jabeen Ali - PPSEAWA
Verification has uncovered convincing evidence that the alleged murderers were two individuals who, in the Mayor’s own words,“are officials of the Municipality of Zacapa assigned to ensure his personal safety”.
Part of the scientific and technical community is of the opinion that geologic disposal, using a system of engineered and natural barriers, can be carried out safely in stable geologic formations.
"But some says he got out and got away, and come to America.
Triple gun-decks mounted sixty-four bronze cannon. She was intended to play a leading role in the growing might of Sweden
The people-oriented legal measures played an effective role in giving full play to the people's strength and wisdom in their struggle for victory in the war.
92. The amount of $1,265,500 provides for salaries, common staff costs and staff assessment for nine continuing and four new posts.
And anyway, this dean really had it in for Dennis, and I could never figure out why because Dennis was a fine fellow.
The review of recommendations issued since 2004 (Table 6 above) shows that 141 or 47 per cent of all recommendations issued were closed whereas 158 or 53 per cent are pending.
:: 3,900 United Nations police days of humanitarian assistance to Greek Cypriots and Maronites in the north, Turkish Cypriots in the south and both communities in the United Nations buffer zone (15 police officers x 5 days per week x 52 weeks)
 23. The current and proposed staffing table is shown in table 3.
14. Many of the amputees and wounded are accommodated in camps set up by the Norwegian Refugee Council under a housing and resettlement project for amputees and wounded.
Did you guys talk dresses on the set this weekCatherine Zeta-Jones: Actually, we did wrap this week, but she always looks gorgeous.
71. The scientific communities and political authorities in NM countries have different views on what is meant by land degradation and desertification, and clarification and common understanding are needed.
Total costs for short-term posts
3. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to ensure that adequate information is drawn from all available published sources in connection with the preparation of the working papers relating to the Territories concerned;
(b) A minimum of one scholarship in both 2004 and 2005 under the Hamilton Shirley Amerasinghe Memorial Fellowship on the Law of the Sea, subject to the availability of new voluntary contributions made specifically to the fellowship fund;
PFP will create a global knowledge network, linking National Committees, country offices and PFP, so that all partners can learn from each other and enable the fast transfer of successes in one country to others.
They noted that statements by Kosovo Albanian representatives in favour of Kosovo's independence would mean that the Serbs of Kosovo would not dare to stay.
General plans for land use of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities shall be approved by the State Council.
7,62mm, kbk AK
They welcomed his extensive and continuing consultations since his appointment.
60. The Prosecution Section within the Prosecution Division would review information and evidence; direct investigators; litigate; and draft charges and legal submissions on questions of procedure and evidence.
UNOPS stated that in 2010 it planned to issue most IPSAS-compliant accounting policies for consultation with the Board. 4. Statement of income and expenditure
It was my understanding of your proposal, Mr. President, that if we were to convene in an informal meeting, as proposed by the delegation of Australia, we would necessarily have to reconvene to formally conclude this plenary session.
State Councillor officiates at Giant Pandas Gift Presentation Ceremony
Since UN-Women is a going concern, the Board cannot rule out the possibility of its acquiring items falling under the category of inventory.
Recent events, however, have highlighted the fact that we are still far from that point, as some Governments appear to be at war with their own people.
The debate also addressed the important nexus between those different issues and highlighted how promoting cultures and their rapprochement can contribute to the ultimate goal of gender equity.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, Qin Gang, said Wednesday that China is drilling in its own waters, and that the activity is what he called "beyond reproach.
From our initial examination, this appears to be a positive innovation.
Analysing this evil process -- which was accompanied during recent years by criminal operations in Afghanistan, Iraq, Palestine, Lebanon, and Pakistan leaves no doubt about the fact that the process is planned and controlled by the heads of the domineering powers and Zionist think tanks which wield the greatest influence on the United States Government, its military and security organizations, the British Government and some European governments.
E. Adoption of the agenda and programme of work 11 4
Illicit crop cultivation is highly capable of change, and UNODC is fully cognizant of that fact.
In view of certain inaccuracies that are contained in that statement, thereby generating incorrect impressions and inferences, I am obliged to point out the following facts.
Is there a risk that rising oil prices – already reaching all-time highs – will cause further debt defaults worldwide?
304. The final example of a transformative investment is electricity.
If you spend all your time doing the basic work of your company, you dont have time to fine-tune your business or plan for the future.
She also reported on current major issues in the region.
(b) To ascertain compliance with United Nations regulations and rules on procurement and contracting;
South-South cooperation could enhance inclusive growth for the reduction of poverty and inequality through the following seven actions: (a) taking advantage collectively of global opportunities; (b) forging greater policy coherence and coordination with regard to the reduction of poverty and inequality; (c) moving forward jointly towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals; (d) making serious efforts to seize the opportunities inherent in global public goods; (e) expanding development financing from developing countries; (f) resolving to genuinely share innovative experiments; and (g) prioritizing and building on the successes of local development.
For 2012, the adjustments are based on the actual experience for 2012 as compared with those rates of exchange and inflation approved in the revised appropriation for 2012-2013, which includes projections for the last two months of 2012.
193. On 17 April, the Council was briefed in consultations by the Special Representative and the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General.
As early as in June 1959, the Tibet Cultural Relics, Historical Sites, Documents and Archives Management Committee was established to collect and protect a large number of cultural relics, archives, and ancient books and records.
Many US mortgage loans were bundled into securities and sold to financial institutions worldwide.
Item 5 of the provisional agenda*
2008-2009: 22 per cent
WFP distributed food rations to approximately 60,000 households in six of the most vulnerable provinces.
It logs chair, as a basket of flowers, just lying there in a gray roses.
1988-1992 Commissioner of the inaugural World Health Organization Global Commission on AIDS
For each of the selected priority activities a set of profiles will be developed for inclusion in the NAPA document.
Currently, UNDCP is further building up competencies within the organization to fully utilize the capabilities of the system and to ensure that the new business processes are fully implemented.
Brazilc Brunei Darussalamb c
Anyway, there was no doubt at all that the girl in her dream was Hilde Moller Knag and that the man was her father, home from Lebanon.
His delegation wished to stress the need for the CTBT to enter into force, the importance of upholding moratoriums on nuclear testing, and the urgency of negotiating a fissile material cut-off treaty.
 The current confluence of forces and trends therefore suggests that this is a propitious time to usher in a new, more constructive phase of the development dialogue that is non-confrontational and is based on mutual interests and benefits, genuine interdependence and partnership.
Disney's latest film BOLT, is a product of changes that are not flashes in the pan.
726. An amount of $50,000 is proposed to cover the cost of the translation and printing services related to the production and dissemination of training material for military personnel.
(3) The offices were quite. Far below I could hear the rumble of tube trains carrying commuters to the west end
3. At its second session, the Forum recommended that the United Nations Environment Programme report on the feasibility of developing mechanisms for indigenous peoples to participate in the persistent organic pollutants global monitoring programme and the evaluation process under the Stockholm Convention.
By the end of 2003, China had established 155 ethnic autonomous areas.Of these, five are autonomous regions, 30 autonomous prefectures and 120 autonomous counties (banners).
We in round table 3 actually read the statement and adopted it, so nothing has been added or subtracted -- meaning that all the ideas have been captured, as you yourself put it yesterday, Sir.
Someone said the age of book is past; the info will be presented by video, computer, television, film. Others think the book and the written words will be necessary for spread info complete education.
The Acting President (spoke in Spanish): The Assembly will now hear an address by Mr. Gerhard Schroeder, Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
The declining population of medicinal herbs and the destruction of their habitats constitute another source of increasing vulnerabilities and health risk.
III. The political agreement: associated political parties and the present regime
M. Madeleine remained for some time motionless beside that bed, gazing in turn upon the sick woman and the crucifix, as he had done two months before, on the day when he had come for the first time to see her in that asylum.
According to the company's developing Strategy, make and organize media plans which could be carried out for national students recruitment.
1.1 Chemical Identity of the Proposed Substance
9. Following the Special Rapporteur's opening remarks, Stephen Marks of the Harvard School of Public Health recalled Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/49 on the protection of human rights in the context of HIV/AIDS, in which the Commission reaffirmed that international agreements should not prevent Governments from taking measures to protect public health but rather encourage them to do so.
I like the way you fix your hair
25 June 2012
(a) All critical Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts systems are fully supported
10. The source submits that Mr. Sameer's detention is arbitrary as there is no legal basis for his detention and he has not been informed of any charge nor brought before a judge, despite the fact that his arrest dates back to November 2010.
Important commitments to begin negotiations on an action plan were received from the Justice and Equality Movement in the Sudan and the Moro Islamic Liberation Forces in the Philippines.
Continue soon afterward our the second party time!
It's John Didn't you recognize my voice?
1 July 2014-30 June 2015
Mr. KROKHMAL (Ukraine) said that the dots at the end of paragraph 26 after the list of resolutions presumably meant that the list was not exhaustive.
Strategic planning has the potential to help ministries identify their core functions, policy priorities and strategic objectives.
The Mrksić et al. case, which commenced in October this year, is the first case to follow that Practice Direction.
the length of first-degree courses at all UGC-funded institutions should in principle be the same for any given subject;
That instrument is considered to be one of the starting points and perhaps the most important background in the consideration of drafting any arms trade treaty.
Building adequate human capacity (27 per cent of needs reported) and technical needs (27 per cent), including technical assistance, were the most commonly identified categories of needs, followed by information and awareness-raising (21 per cent) and financial needs (14 per cent).
The main areas of concentration continue to be assistance to the social sectors, education, health, rehabilitation of feeder roads and support to basic urban services in Maputo City.
Against: Australia, United States of America.
Felege Guihon International
This situation was addressed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to bring the financial arrangements of the United Nations Office at Nairobi into line with those of similar United Nations administrative offices.
A lesson or lessons could be drawn from each of the letters selected.
Many post-conflict programmes, including those for the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of former combatants, for the strengthening of the justice and security sectors, and for dialogue, reconciliation and transitional justice, have an important armed violence reduction goal.
Traffic accidents, in particular, are a significant cause of injury or death with higher incidence in urban areas.
Draft resolution submitted by the Rapporteur following informal consultations
Pau added that he is "eager is to begin to exercise", but he still needs to wait an additional two weeks before picking up a ball.
My aim was accurate.
It is thus not the individual who forms the language, it is the language which forms the individual.
Among its guiding principles are those of ensuring respect of human rights, gender equality and non-discrimination, as well as ensuring confidentiality of testing.
As a support organization, it complements the work of the Government by nurturing a network of community organizations as vehicles for the delivery of projects to the poor such as linking community organizations to the health, education and agriculture departments to enable them to utilize local services.
The required funding should be allocated to these activities as a matter of priority.
111. The programme on decentralized cooperation and sustainable development at the International Trade Centre for Local Actors (Centre International de Formation des Acteurs Locaux -- CIFAL, based in Divonne-les-Bains, France, seeks to respond to concerns of decentralized actors and provide professional training to individuals involved at local levels of responsibility.
At the subregional level, the national machinery had also revived inter-agency dialogue by maintaining regular interaction and communication on gender issues with the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).
They'll have to turn back or risk certain death.
It was stated in the report that one of the strengths of the author's husband was that he recognized to a great extent that the children needed close contact with their mother as well as peace and stability.
Mix all ingredients with ice. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a lemon peel.
Credentials Committee
Rec 6
It also requires recognition of the contributions of civil society organizations, something that the Programme of Action recognized from the beginning as necessary for achieving its objectives (chap. XV, sect. A, paras. 15.1-15.12).
International Organization of la Francophonie (General Assembly resolution 33/18)
He detailed the soldiers to look for water.
I acknowledge that I had forgotten my promise to you and I sincerely apologize for it.
A girl asked her friend Mary, How was your blind date?
Some support was expressed for that suggestion.
Commissioner
Rather, I find that I develop information overload after a while and become cynical.
Item 2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
286.In order to help you to develop business in this line, we are prepare to offer you a discount of 5%.
But international organizations are not parties to agreements.
Policymakers use different concepts and definitions, e.g. essential or basic services, public services, merit goods, basic infrastructure services or services of general interest.
Chembox Related
12 August 1982
Father:We shall go to this small village. It's beside the sea.
(x) Following the interest expressed by participants during the sixth inter-committee meeting in continuing to engage with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises, the seventh inter-committee meeting recommended that treaty bodies encourage NGOs and national human rights institutions to provide them with information on human rights abuses perpetrated by transnational corporations and other business enterprises.
Q: What do you know about President Lincoln?
The agreement on Syria’s chemical weapons struck by Russia and the US could one day be remembered as a spectacular breakthrough in the field of arms control.
1. In terms of confidence-building measures, Portugal publishes an annual report on international trade and intermediation of defence products.
It has our full support because at this stage it strikes a reasonable balance and represents a compromise that reflects the concerns of member States.
The report also found "convincing and uncontested evidence that the selection process for each of the three United Nations contractors selected in 1966 (namely, Banque Nationale de Paris, Saybolt Eastern Hemisphere BV and Lloyd's Register Inspection Ltd.) did not conform to established financial and competitive bidding rules."
IV. OFFICERS
I took aim and whipped the ball into the box , where Djibril's finish was sensational.
Just so, our bodies should immediately resume the shape that mind holds them in.
The United Nations Charter has been universally accepted by States and thus a conflict between jus cogens norms and Charter obligations is difficult to contemplate.
Introduction
Chiusa di San Michele
to facilitate immigration clearance at foreign immigration control points that are equipped with machine-reading facilities. It is also embedded with a
A: Salesman
Summary
Planned indicators of achievement
B. Views expressed on the role of industry
The force acting at the boundary of two immiscible fluids.
(19) The Committee encourages the State party to consider ratifying ILO Conventions No. 97 and No. 143 in the near future.
A report from the Commission is expected in 1999.
King K: Don't let anyone notice that you are outstanding.
The Government will continue to invest heavily in education and retraining as well as create more favourable conditions to attract talent from around the world.
KUWAIT - Five years of impunity: human rights concerns since the withdrawal of Iraqi forces
(j) Current practices in and ways of overcoming obstacles to extradition.
Accession to those conventions would establish a stronger framework to prevent and reduce statelessness and avoid the detrimental effects of statelessness on individuals and society by ensuring minimum standards of treatment for stateless persons.
:: Planning for establishment of UNIOSIL
54. Briefing by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator (6 December 2007; 25 February 2008).
A/RES/51/190
Determined to improve the humanitarian situation in Iraq,
Samuel Johnson, British writer and criti
The draft resolution before the Assembly also requests the Informal Working Group established by the meeting of States Parties to continue to address this pressing issue, including the possibility of a full-time Commission.
The role of competition policy in providing a more equitable playing field for development in globalizing markets: A challenge for governments and multilateral organizations
Epimedium wushanense
The primary sources for borrowings continued to be the United Nations Special Account and the Working Capital Fund, supplemented from time to time by temporary borrowings from peacekeeping operations.
Kvin: W nd part of that order by nxt wk, sow would lik to do a partial air shipment.
9. Apart from confirming or revising the above lists of desired attributes and functions, the Preparatory Committee may wish to address the following issues relating to the oversight body:
Mr. Samala (Nigeria): Let me state at the outset that Nigeria aligns itself with the statement made earlier by the Kingdom of Morocco and by Mozambique on behalf of the Group of 77 and China and of the African Union, respectively.
Chapter XVI
Nor does it enable the General Assembly to take any action more binding than what it has already done in resolution ES-10/13.
General increases in living costs associated with recession meant that in many countries women chose to enter the labour market in circumstances that were often precarious and without social support.
56. Four States parties have reported to have cooperated with cluster munitions survivors and their representative organization in their national implementation efforts, as laid out in Action #30.
Trade and environment
19. The Chief of the Protection Delivery and Support Section of the Division of International Protection presented the report on Protection capacity and delivery (EC/61/SC/CRP.12).
China's definition of a state secret is so broad that it can encompass virtually any information that hasn't been officially published.
Thirdly, it will seek to expand support for pooled fund mechanisms, including the Central Emergency Response Fund.
Weltime Hong Kong Ltd. & Others v. Ken Forward Engineering Ltd.
Question of the realization in all countries of economic, social and cultural rights
The Containment of Nuclear Weapons Act 2003 provides the requisite powers for facilitating the reporting of information by Ireland to the IAEA and site access by IAEA inspectors in accordance with Ireland's Additional Protocol;
Unicode chart CJK Unified Ideographs Extension F
Requesting additional info on the implementation of paras. 9, 14 and 16.
86. The variance is attributable primarily to increased requirements for the rental and operation of helicopters owing to the increase in guaranteed fleet costs for the commercial aircraft, offset in part by the decrease in flight hours (2,000 hours, compared with 2,574 hours in the 2010/11 budget) and in the number of aircraft (7, compared with 9 in the 2010/11 budget).
Such moves would put Rio's board in a bind.
We can draw an advertising leaflet for our new products.
 Its admission makes official, and consolidates, the long-standing relationship between the United Nations - and even its predecessor, the League of Nations - and the oldest inter-governmental organization with competence in the realm of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States.
My brother designs to be an engineer.
Fixed in the neutral formalin liquid .
2.2.5 PERSONNEL FACILITIES
Twentieth session
Yet at a time when China's film industry is racing ahead, Chen has to think beyond artistic values.
Regulation 27.2
ou'll have to pay duty on this.
Citigroup, HSBC (Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation), and two other banks are entering the local retail banking market.
Administration's paper on "Site Selection for the Development of the Integrated Waste Management Facilities"
The Committee is concerned over the absence from Australian law of any entrenched guarantee against racial discrimination that would override subsequent law of the Commonwealth, states and territories.
32. It is illogical for the Commission to ignore that the genocide and ethnic cleansing of Serbs in Croatia go unheeded.
Original distribution
Such shall be Companions of the Gardens, dwelling therein ( for aye ): a recompense for their (good) deeds.
The Weight of Nations: Material Outflows from Industrial Economies.
Operations Support Officer Programme/Gaza Strip
On 24 August 2006, Tashkent hosted a meeting of the Council of ministers in charge of external economic and trade activities of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation member states.
SMS Brummer
In addition, the provision takes into account the replacement of some 450 fire extinguishers of various types in the Mission area.
Therefore, promoting climate and environmental protection policies amid the worst global financial and economic crisis represents action of enormous political and strategic value.
It is our expectation that we will be able to advance in the formulation of a substantive document for adoption at the end of this session.
For African commodity-dependent countries, this was not only the genesis of their debt crisis, but also the end to the relatively strong economic growth that some of them had enjoyed since independence.
Check out some terms you can use!
One part of hypochlorite solution should be diluted with approximately 50 parts of water to result in working solution of 0.1% strength (for concentrated hypochlorite solution, the dilution should be approximately 1 part in 60 parts of water).
3. Takes note also of the recommendation of the Committee that the Council, in adopting any resolution or decision addressing the update of the Convention, seek country positions on the Convention from Member States in order to make clearer which countries adopted certain interpretations, especially when the commentaries noted differing interpretations of the same provision, and requests the Secretariat to seek such country positions from Member States on a voluntary basis and to make them publicly available;
The work programme for the 2006 - 2007 biennium reflects the new approach, defining objectives and expected results of the programmatic clusters.
1. Article 24, paragraph 2 of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) provides that: “The Conference of the Parties shall establish and maintain a roster of independent experts with expertise and experience in the relevant fields.
But the US can and should greatly step up financial and logistical aid to help neighboring states deal with the overwhelming refugee problem.
These prices were increased by demand from so - called sub - prime borrowers.
Reaffirming that the best interests of the child shall be a primary consideration in all actions concerning children,
Recalling also the declarations and programmes of action adopted by the major United Nations conferences and summits and their follow-up meetings,
The Biha_ safe area is a striking example of the international community's indifference in stopping the expansion of Serbian fascism in these areas, Bosniacs and Croats and anti-Chetnik Serbs being the victimized population.
Wednesday, 5 October 2005, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
The mission and the workshop highlighted the high level of expertise available across all participating organizations in Cameroon, including in the academic community.
Japan remains the world's second-largest economy as measured by gross domestic output, but with its graying population, it is a growth laggard.
[17 June 2003]
The treaty is awaiting ratification.
It highlighted reports of selective justice and serious violations of fundamental legal principles in relation to recent trials.
Chapter 3 is economic and theoretical analysis on the shortage of peasant-workers.
Honduras was also striving to establish the facts surrounding the incidents and find a channel for national reconciliation.
While recognizing that the United Nations needs a highly efficient investigation mechanism, the Board is of the view that an investigation procedure must not be used routinely to improve accountability and efficiency in the management of services.
“The Council is deeply concerned at recent reports of the illicit delivery of weapons and military equipment to Somalia in violation of the arms embargo imposed by resolution 733 (1992) of 23 January 1992 which could exacerbate the crisis in Somalia and endanger the peace and security of the region as a whole.
 5. Encourages the United Nations to contribute, within existing mandates, to promoting the application of science and technology for peaceful purposes;
The Secretariat will provide more information on progress made in preparing for the session.
Although it was late, she went on working.
They streamed out of the cinema.
25. The United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) continued to face many challenges in fulfilling the mandates which the Security Council had given it.
Even after the prolonged process of negotiation on the Declaration, it is to be regretted that several important aspects of the document remain unresolved, in particular those relating to the definition of what constitutes an indigenous people.
Miss Glover looked at her with some want of intelligence.
[Original: Arabic]
Addendum: Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work
As soon as I got up, the train started to move.
The practices and procedures, if any, that will be followed to ensure, so far as is practicable, the accuracy of any personal data produced or verified by the matching procedure.
The total number of Professional staff days needed to complete the process was 56 days for the two contracts or 28 days per contract (approximately 1.5 man months).
Also the coupling coefficient can be effectively raised while pulse duration is bigger than characteristic time of two-dimensional movement.
80. Civilians were shot at by security officers from helicopters, deployed to various demonstrations.
(b) Title deeds have been received by headquarters and are currently on file.
General Assembly
Fürst et al. in EFSA, 2005
13. The global campaign for sustainable urbanization will focus on monitoring and raising awareness at the global and national levels of the challenges and opportunities of urbanization.
He seemed to see men such as he had been himself a fortnight ago, and he was mentally addressing an edifying exhortation to them.
Organizational construction offers conditions and system guarantee to operation of KM process. Information technology (IT) is another important factor that influence operation of KM.
Cultural or traditional practices that impede the advancement of women in Yemeni society
18A.57 (b) (i)
At the present session, the SubCommission will have before it the preliminary report prepared by Ms. Mbonu (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/23).
 These ways and means are based on article 14 of the Bulgarian Constitution, which states that: The family, motherhood and childhood shall enjoy the protection of the State and society.
Its results are comparable with those of previous surveys carried out with consistent methodology.
(a)
why don't you establish a record by returning this one.
Besides, the National Assembly has decided to have the plan on amendment of the Ordinance on Religions and Beliefs in the law and ordinance establishment programme of the XIII National Assembly.
As a result, in 2002 the Parliamentary Commissioner conducted another comprehensive enquiry, following up on the previous enquiry at the same time.
D. Consideration of best practices 107 - 114 15
26. The Committee will continue its cooperation and dialogue with relevant international and regional organizations on its counter-terrorism endeavours.
United Nations
Does anybody know who sang this song originall?
:: Community forest guidelines on participation of women and decision-making and management (e.g., case of Nepal)
Legislation and practices of States in relation to the application of international law: application of international law at the domestic level
Consistency of action by member States, assisted by improved inter-secretariat coordination, would foster better system-wide action.
States should ensure that occupational health laws and policies address the unique vulnerabilities of migrant workers in dirty, dangerous and degrading (3D) industries and are implemented, monitored and enforced.
68. Annex I to resolution 58/270 of 23 December 2003 proposed changes to the programme narratives of the proposed programme budgets for the biennium 2004-2005.
Whether he realizes it or not, that kind of hard-nosed, chip-toothed frugality is exactly what is called for in these economically tossed times.
b. Emirati women hold seven (17.5 per cent) of the 40 seats in the Federal National Council and the post of first deputy speaker of the Federal National Council.
Under 20
The High-Level Mission concludes that the situation of human rights in Darfur remains grave, and the corresponding needs profound.
Only ignorant fools will challenge people for Which  live venue?
She's - she can play any character, so I think the sky is no limit for her.
- Sanctioned decisions (including verdicts) -- 9;
V. Observations 81. The present political progress and opportunities for peace in Somalia are real and have been hard won. They deserve the international community's thoughtful, generous and sustained support.
Ground of our grinning cheekily scolds: Poor clever boy, true firm of your boy helper, be gutty!
Their novel treatment for liver cancer has won a Gold Medal and a Special Gold Award in the 33rd International Exhibition of Inventions, New Techniques and Products of Geneva.
6. Please provide detailed information on the content of the draft law on parity and indicate a time frame for its adoption.
4. To extend gratitude to Arab and Islamic financial institutions and to call upon them to continue to provide the support and assistance to the Palestinian people which enables them to achieve their development goals and rebuild and reconstruct the Palestinian economy;
The United Nations Communications Group continues to maximize coordination on communications activities in order to minimize duplicate and competing media outreach events.
5.The room was easily traced by the noise that was coming from it. 6.Taking care to pitch my voice to politeness, I asked about the next bus to Hattiesburg
The military operations against Yugoslavia, which were undertaken by the North Atlantic Alliance without approval by the Security Council, are destroying the entire system of international security based on the authority of the United Nations, discrediting the role of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), and clearly demonstrating that the rocket and bomb diplomacy of NATO, inspired by the United States of America, represents a real threat to peace and stability in Europe and throughout the world.
8. The Conference received and considered requests for participation in its work from 41 States not members of the Conference.
110. The Department of Peacekeeping Operations should integrate the results-based budgeting requirements upfront into the mission planning process.
10. Rental of premises
31. It was so decided.
Communications links and ICT equipment were established at/extended to all MINUSCA locations within the 24-hour period
Provinces and centrally administered districts
Environment
Even though it was hard, I still had to let her go.The 1st dayUsing her blanket and covering herself tightly, she didnt get up. Her dorm mates were afraid to go in and comfort her.
Recognizing also that accountability of individual perpetrators of grave human rights violations is a central element of any effective remedy for victims of human rights violations and a key factor in ensuring a fair and equitable justice system which promotes and protects human rights and fundamental freedoms,
Recalling further the Declaration on the Right to Development adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 41/128 of 4 December 1986,
302. The fact that illiterate citizens, who are found especially among the indigenous, black or mestizo populations, or other vulnerable groups, cannot be elected in political elections is contrary to the spirit of article 5 (c) of the Convention.
Senegal
First, to strengthen the Government's macro-control of the land market capacity.
66. Mr. Murillo Carrasco (Bolivia) said that Bolivia was committed to multilateralism and the maintenance, conservation and development of the environment from a global perspective.
28. It should be pointed out, in this context, that there are a considerable number of relevant international instruments on the right to work applicable to the MSAR, which are listed in annex I of the present report.
D. Current financial situation
38. She sought clarification regarding the status of the Concept.
But trying to eliminate these six factors first may be the best place to start in your quest to sweeten your dreams and chase the nighttime demons away.
The report of the task force will be issued as part of the Panel's 2014 progress report.
Moreover, thanks to ICT developments, services can have an increasingly important direct impact on a country's export performance.
In this regard, it provided a comprehensive account of the values and norms used to justify/rationalize the enforcement of privileges and the tolerance of negative discrimination.
Significant progress had been achieved in a number of sectors, including health, education, infrastructure and agriculture.
We recognize that in resorting to such measures, the Tribunal is mindful of the need to ensure that the conduct of fair trial is not compromised.
Individual complaints (art. 14): Yes
The fish in the pond were saved
The study found that about 36 percent of black survey participants were obese, while 28.5 percent of Hispanics and 24.5 percent of whites were.
At the same time, the Working Group recognizes that the calls for further normative development are grounded in sincere impatience at continuing adverse corporate-related human rights impacts and weaknesses, as well as gaps in existing remedy mechanisms, which means they fail to respond fully to those adverse impacts.
Therefore, striving to create a peaceful international and regional environment, prevent conflicts and establish a fair and equitable international order stands out as the essential condition and top priority for all parties to make good on the commitments and realize the development goals.
20. A "Complaints Centre" has been established by the National Committee of Women. The Centre entertains complaints from women and guides the complainants to appropriate Institutions that can provide a remedy.
Advisory services, technical cooperation and field activities
Some of these have since been achieved.
I have the honour to transmit herewith the section pertaining to "Disarmament and International Security", from the Final Document of the XIII Conference of Heads of State or Government of the Non-Aligned Countries (XIII NAM Summit ) held in Kuala Lumpur from 24-25 February 2003.
20. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Committee.
The theme will also be high on the agenda of the upcoming twenty-eighth International Conference of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, to be held in Geneva from 2 to 6 December.
But the human spirit craves more than what is material.
Policy issues: State of the environment
If you do not meet the requirements of fuel injection law but also on the parameters of the amendment.
The responsibility to accept donations from abroad for disaster relief on behalf of a local people鈥檚 government at or above the county level shall remain with the civil affairs department of the local people鈥檚 government.
6. At its 5th meeting, on 14 May, the Commission held a substantive discussion on the progress made in the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on the Information Society, pursuant to paragraph 47 of Economic and Social Council resolution 2013/9.
Overall observations 4. In his report, the Secretary-General makes the following observations in respect of the operation of the formal system of administration of justice in 2013: (a) the majority of cases in the formal system continue to relate to non-selection, non-promotion and other appointment-related decisions, and to separation from service; (b) there is a discernible link between decisions of the Organization that have impacted large numbers of staff members, such as the one-time review exercises to consider eligible staff for conversion to permanent appointment, the capital master plan and downsizing of departments, offices and missions, and recourse to the formal system of internal justice (see A/69/227, paras. 11 and 12).
It may sound wrong, but its true
Online sales surged to $114 billion last year, surpassing forecasts of $96 billion, fueled by the travel category, according to an annual survey of 150 retailers conducted by Shop.org, the online arm of the National Retail Federation, and Forrester Research.
We share the view that trade is an important tool for development, and so we reiterate our call for an open, rule-based, predictable and non-discriminatory trading and financial system that seeks the removal of the main trade barriers.
On the outskirts of the city lie numerous flower gardens, vegetable farms and villages.
2. This is an estimate from the feasibility study conducted in 2006.
In 2016, biennium 2014-15
J . dismisses experienced civil servants.
Particularly in the last couple of weeks, your tireless efforts and extreme patience in listening to all kinds of positions have made it possible to adopt a very important decision by consensus.
Purchased in 2010
But the Justice Department is extremely motivated to get to the bottom of this President Reynolds business.
345. The increase of $10,700 relates to additional data-processing supplies, photocopy paper, stationery and miscellaneous supplies, such as fuel, library books, periodicals and subscriptions.
At the present session, the Commission had before it the fifth report of the Special Rapporteur (A/CN.4/538).
If the maritime court orders to stop the auction of the ship, expenses incurred for auctioning the ship shall be paid by the maritime claimant.
If you feel out of sorts, you may please yourself
Only if we join forces will we be able to improve children's prospects for the future and implement children's rights all over the world.
The current investment boom is creating platforms to support even larger outbound investments in the future.
He suddenly felt awkward and looked away as she slipped under the blanket.
Do not handle inflammable materials in open containers.
Political parties were required to ensure that women accounted for at least 50% of candidates presented for general elections.
Mr. Arévalo (Colombia) said that the recent Latin America and the Caribbean Expert Group Meeting had been an interesting exercise that had brought the region and UNIDO closer together and confirmed the latter's important role in the region's development.
Third, as an exceptional measure and for practical reasons, in the first part of the 2007 session, the issues relating to a fissile material treaty were taken up by the coordinator under agenda item 2 instead of agenda item 1, where they belong.
I am sure people will sympathize with you.
40. The value of science, technology and innovation depends on the extent to which they are integrated into national development strategies and action plans for sustainable development, and is linked to economic, industrial and education policies, in particular.
Don't be so quick to judge a book by its cover, look around at some of the menu options that are available.
In two separate incidents in July, security forces opened fire on supporters of the Brotherhood as they peacefully protested against Morsi’s ouster and arrest, killing almost 200 people.
This is not a good idea.
2. At the national level, it was important that States respect the rules of international humanitarian law and penalize violations of those rules.
1. Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments [17]:
The military question – believed to have been resolved after the region’s transition to democracy which came with the Cold War’s end, the effort to achieve regional integration, and the push toward globalization – has reappeared.   Indeed, it is now clear that one of the main regional challenges is to preserve civilian control of the military, which will require that Latin American elites avoid the temptation to strengthen disproportionately the armed forces’ place in their countries’ domestic and international politics.
According to official information from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, this action is motivated by the desire to gradually relax the visa regime between the two States and by the humanitarian aspects of this problem, which is absolutely incomprehensible for the Georgian side.
Less than 15 months after the signature of the Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants, UNEP, through approved GEF resources, is assisting 36 countries in developing their national implementation plans to phase out the persistent organic pollutants covered by the Stockholm Convention, and is assisting many other countries in preparing proposals for GEF funding: 25 proposals are already undergoing active preparation.
Take the necessary steps, as soon as possible, to address the issues of inadequate protection of children from sexual exploitation as well as the insufficient investigation of the perpetrators of sexual crimes against children and the consequent low ratio of prosecutions against perpetrators of sexual crimes against children (Japan);
This view is in complete accord with the policy long followed by this Government, both in time of peace and in time of war, with regard to property belonging to the Government of one country and situated within the territory of another country.
2. During this period, UN-Habitat broadened its cooperation with agencies and organizations across the United Nations system.
That evening, before he went to bed, he said again: Let us never fear robbers nor murderers.
Second Committee
Nonetheless, the concept caught the imagination of many who could readily see the parallels between protected areas in the sea and those on land.
In addition, he proposed that, in paragraph 8, the phrase “as an ad hoc arrangement” should be inserted after the word “Decides”.
That is a new proposal.
Mohanty, associate vice-president with Access in Orissa, says this might be as simple as advising a villager who drinks five cups of tea each day to drink just two cups and save money.
If the medicine has little effect after a week step up the quantity .
Experts estimate that 1,000 giant pandas, one of the world's most endangered species, live in the foggy mountains around the Sichuan Basin, while about 140 live in captivity around the world.
34. Estimated requirements for air transportation for the period 2009/10 total $1,580,000, a decrease of $16,000 (1.0 per cent) compared to the apportionment for 2008/09.
6. Monitoring of weapons of mass destruction
345. Participation in international cultural events is also supported by the various cultural bodies already referred to under article 15.
''That's not a Curly J. That's a Bobbed J! '' He had changed it over. And l said to him. . .
The objective was to make them subservient to Israeli companies.
Unemployment seems to be rising, despite repeated assurances to the contrary .
Any new initiatives related to the maintenance of international peace and security must be coordinated by the United Nations Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
188. On 16 July, the Council was briefed, in closed consultations, by the Special Envoy (by videoconference) and by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child, which explicitly protects children from acts of cruelty and torture and requires States to take steps to abolish traditional practices prejudicial to the health of children, was also referred to.
The Volunteer Information and Coordination Centre, Sri Lanka Nature Forum and UNV worked with an entire village to replant trees to absorb the harmful chemicals, and a committee of elders mobilized volunteers to sensitize farmers to the safer, more environmentally friendly use of fertilizers.
We are clear that in both these areas, developing countries cannot allow development agendas to be determined by interested parties in the North.
B. Exchange of information 51 - 52 13
:: Monthly radio programmes on human rights and rule of law issues
4th meeting
Expenditure for 2001/02 amounted to $37 million, reflecting an underexpenditure of 20.4 per cent, as compared with the apportionment of $46.5 million under this category of expenditure (see A/57/680, sect. II.A).
Organization of the session
Broadcasting from a small church in north Pembrokeshire, Preseli FM will use power generated from the wind and the sun to broadcast 24 hours a day for a month-long experiment.
The abovementioned States were also informed of whether the individuals concerned had been brought before the Courts or transferred outside of the country.
12 November 2009
 Sections IV, VII, VIII, XI-XIII, XVI, XIX and XX of the report referred to activities which Austria considered to be of particular importance.
::Table of equipment and technical specifications, standby rosters and support policies
58. There are important additional challenges relating to global economic governance that require serious consideration.
Selections from speeches and statements by the Secretary-General covering major issues before the Organization.
The supposed food crisis and other current phenomena in our globalized world are the result of the impact of the neoliberal policies that have been applied on a global scale for more than four decades.
31. Affirms the importance of inter-mission cooperation arrangements as UNMIL and UNOCI downsize, reaffirms the inter-mission cooperation framework set out in its resolution 1609 (2005) and further recalls its endorsement in its resolution 2062 (2012) of the recommendation of the Secretary-General to transfer three armed helicopters from UNMIL to UNOCI to be used in both Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia along and across their border and decides that all UNOCI and UNMIL military utility helicopters shall be utilized in both Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia in order to facilitate rapid response and mobility, while not affecting the area of responsibility of either mission;
Pakistan
Article 58 The supervision and inspection personnel of production safety shall be devoted to their duties, adhere to the principles, and be impartial in their enforcement activities.
In great excitement I looked back, wanting to embrace the adorable child who had helped me get out, but he had disappeared.
Resolution 2063 (2012)
Furthermore, information management is a critical component of emergency response because effective emergency response depends on access to timely and reliable information.
Advice to policy-makers and private sector institutions;
The meeting was called to order at 3.10 p.m.
CHAPTER II TRADE UNION ORGANIZATIONS.
Their team work was the key to their success.
(d) Provide women's branches in political parties, where they exist, with the necessary resources to increase visibility within the party structure, to influence decision-making and to support women's candidacies;
Had it not been for the alarm clock she wouldn't have been late.
45. In line with the guidance provided by the General Assembly, the United Nations continues to work closely with NGOs and intergovernmental organizations to improve coordination on security management, particularly in challenging conflict and post-conflict areas.
I not gonna jeopardize the mission.
She was beating the rug to clean it.
Take a longer rope and compare with it!
 The national programme of action will be the subject of regular review and adaption, including with respect to resource availability, in Rwanda, as elsewhere in the region.
Why, yes, he is actually insolent over the matter--has already offered me his patronage, as if he were a grand personage, and proffered me a loan of money, as though he were a banker.
The lion is generally the ogre five times as large as the animals, covered with blood, and added a bit scary.
What is worse, most likely, there will be a day when people can only have standing room.Birth control is a basic policy in our country.
(vi) As at 31 December 2013, UNITAR participated only in the main cash pool.
The terrorist threat is stalking the globe.
Maxxsonics USA, Inc. v. Fengshun Peiying Electro Acoustic Company, Ltd.
7. At its 15th meeting, on 8 February, the Committee decided to close without prejudice consideration of the applications of 20 non-governmental organizations that had failed, despite three reminders sent to them over the course of two consecutive sessions of the Committee, to respond to queries posed by the Committee (see chap. I, draft decision I, para. (g)).
I'm visiting my friends in Hollywood at the moment.
They have the right to a fair justice system and to have effective and non-discriminatory access to courts.
1.2.3 Purchased Services
What need was there for him to give up the ghost at the very moment when no one was expecting it
Organization and implementation of a management training course for 30 corrections staff
Japan did not have any intention to incite racial or ethnic discrimination and careful attention was paid in the operation of the system not to incite such discrimination.
 35. Obligations are amounts of orders placed, contracts awarded, services received and other transactions which involve a charge against the resources of the current financial period and which will require payment during the same or a future period.
Donor: European Commission
Šipad alleged that progress payments of US$356,455 were not received for work completed for the months of July 1990 up to and including the first 2 weeks of November 1990.
2003a
Kakio Station
154. The main items of legislation in the Netherlands banning discrimination against women are article 1 of the Constitution and the General Equal Treatment Act and the Equal Treatment (Men and Women) Act.
Report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea (ICP topics)
A banner rea 'Welcome Olympic Games with joyfulness and construct a harmonious society.
Likewise, a country running for a two-year non-permanent seat should be barred from running for a renewable seat for the same period.
 9. The Centre for Disarmament Affairs continued to support the annual International Seminar on Arms Control and Disarmament, a project administered by the Baker Institute at Juniata College in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, United States of America.
Who has been drinking from my cup
Latin America and the Caribbean (Belize, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Haiti, Mexico, Nicaragua, Uruguay);
Tom shinned up the tree.
They may be intended to ensure consistency in the treatment of certain contractual issues and to provide guidance to the public authorities involved in the negotiation of project agreements at different levels of government (national, provincial or local).
The ES group and the ESE group animal remarkably is lower than M group.
In its First Report, the Panel outlined the modifications that it applies to the methodologies established by the category "C" Panel in the substantive processing of C2-Money losses.
We have 8 required courses in the third year.
A Study on the L1 Transfer as to the Part of Grammar in SLA;
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 56.
In Nigeria, UNIFEM funded the creation of a draft bill on domestic violence and is a member of the task force set up to review the local courts act.
abstract: Objective To establish a determination method for sodium, potassium, and magnesium ions in multiple electrolytes injection.
These situations might seriously hamper their health and development.
III. Progress, priorities and challenges in the promotion and protection of human rights
I made an attempt to enlist in the Navy last time I was reclassified, but induction, it seems, is the only channel for aliens.
B. Right to food
Tel: + 46 8 698 1145
93. Also at the same meeting, a statement in exercise of the right of reply was made by the representative of Iraq.
E. Recommendations
His condemnation, which had been a profound shock, had, in a manner, broken through, here and there, that wall which separates us from the mystery of things, and which we call life.
Exposed area
Now at the last gasp of love's latest breath,
Recalling its resolutions 58/43 of 8 December 2003, 59/87 of 3 December 2004, 60/64 of 8 December 2005, 61/81 of 6 December 2006 and 62/45 of 5 December 2007,
Expense as at 31 December 2012
In Part II, the author expounds upon the criterion availability of the object of physical contribution.
The point is that all of the entities are members of a sort of swarm and so context complexity is inevitable.
3. Approves a supplementary budget of 351,899 euros for the financial period 2005-2006;
Physical rehabilitation
Information gathered reveals that persecution on ethnic and tribal grounds, extortion, rape and other forms of sexual violence against women, extrajudicial executions and forced recruitment of children are being committed by UPC-RP military personnel.
Now, what role will you have to play?
A wise king winnows the wicked, and drives the wheel over them.
3. Recognizes the importance and benefit of a continuing interaction between the General Assembly and international, regional and subregional forums, organizations and groups dealing with global matters of concern to the international community, as appropriate;
To overcome the sensitivity of initialization of the traditional Fuzzy Clustering, a Fuzzy Clustering arithmetic based on Genetic Algorithm (GA) was proposed in this paper.
Though performers from developing countries have achieved measured success and recognition in international markets, commercialization of such success is not reflected in positive trade balances in developing countries.
(d) Increased support for national drug control, crime prevention and criminal justice activities
13. Third, the review will assess whether the synergies decisions have led to improved efficiency in the implementation of convention-related actions or activities at the national level.
He wandered the streets raving at passers-by.
Additional information was elicited from those States which had indicated partial compliance or complete non-compliance with one or several of the provisions included in the self-assessment checklist.
23. Rationalizing and streamlining the agenda of the General Assembly in order to focus its work on priority issues has been a subject of debate for many years.
Such interventions are particularly important for unaccompanied and separated children, as they do not have parents to represent and support them.
Number of students in recurrent primary education
Domestic and international practice also indicated that using the game of science teaching will be highly well interests.
Also bearing in mind the need for a focused and consistent approach towards migrants as a specific vulnerable group, in particular migrant women and children,
The Helsinki model even has a decking area where homeowners can sit and soak up the sun.
The thesis employs theory and practice combination method to explore compensation administration of Yancheng HW company.
Results. Surial analyses (Kaplan-Meier) indicated that there was no difference in injury rates between the 2 training groups.
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (a) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
3.3 Increase in the number of troops rotated by the use of regional air support assets (2008/09: 48,917; 2009/10: 25,000; 2010/11: 35,000)
44. OHCHR/Cambodia monitored several trials of concern.
(Signed) Rafael Hipólito Mejía Domínguez
Please provide information on whether the preferential provisions have been applied and describe their impact since 2004, as well as any obstacles encountered.
Reinforce the importance of the “little things” by word and deed.
As an indispensable and natural part of English language, English euphemism has been arousing wide interest.
For the purpose of the present review, public information has been broadly defined in order to ensure the inclusion of all types of activities undertaken by the Secretariat, ranging from press releases to radio broadcasting.
To the contrary, Singapore's Constitution guaranteed the right of every citizens in its multireligious society to practise his or her religion and the propagate it.
He was presented with an arrest warrant from Interpol (Red Notice No. 100/01/2000 issued on 19 January 2009 upon the request of the United Arab Emirates).
Ever since the start of the Israeli occupation of the Golan in June 1967, those mines have killed and injured hundreds of Syrian civilians, including 220 children.
The Working Group also recognized the need of statisticians of transition countries for training in poverty measurement.
We went for an outing that included a picnic and a volleyball game.
I wish to address first the issue of the demarcation of the boundary on the basis of the decision of the Boundary Commission.
::Updated mission finance manual, contingent-owned equipment manual, standard operating procedures for financial management practices in missions
Chairperson: Ms. Lintonen (Finland)
Only the referee can determine the rules of the game.
Ms. Corinne McDonald
18. At the ninetieth session, the Working Group on Communications was composed of Mr. Bhagwati, Ms. Chanet, Mr. Johnson Lopez, Mr. Kälin, Mr. Tawfik Khalil, Ms. Motoc, Mr. O'Flaherty, Mr. Rivas Posada and Sir Nigel Rodley.
6.15 Persons in immigration detention, particularly irregular maritime arrivals who have been subjected to torture and trauma or have preexisting mental health issues, may be vulnerable to mental health deterioration, selfharming behaviour and suicide.
A more comprehensive assessment of the implications of the Summit for UNEP is contained in the report UNEP/GC/22/5 on the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The Council would urge all the Afghan parties to bring to an end without delay all human rights violations against women and girls and urge States to mainstream a gender perspective in all aspects of their policies and actions related to Afghanistan.
What's the latest news about the election?
I'll catch you later, Dr. Gray.
Administrative and financial implications of the decisions and recommendations contained in the report of the International Civil Service Commission for the year 2013*
Communication concerning relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Israel
When you meet the right person at the right time, you are doomed to be happy.
The Committee also recommended that the potential for use of the Base as a regional procurement centre be explored with the missions in the area.(A/54/841/Add.8, para.10).
Usually I turn down anyone who seems too eager, but his place was right there and I was in no mood to start cycling round looking for anywhere else.
NPT/CONF.2005/PC.III/WP.11 Working paper submitted by Japan
Over the course of the next eight days, trucks and cars came to remove goods from his villa.
7. Right to social security and to an adequate standard of living
This brings the total number of judges with formal training to 135, out of a total of 470 judges nationwide.
As a result, entrepreneurial drive is dampened.
Our trade and economic cooperation led to the creation of SCO Business Council and Interbank Association.
6. The High Commissioner reviewed some of the achievements of the Regional Framework process and commended Member States for progress made in implementing the four of the Tehran Framework pillars.
It would complete the fire sales within three years.
However, the invested amount represented contributions received for the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The high tax policy is certainly unpopular, although it's unlikely to meet the soaring armament expenditures.
The seller utilized general conditions which also indicated that "delivered goods remain the property of the seller until full payment has been received, meaning in particular that the buyer cannot resell the goods or give them as collateral".
This project began in January 2006 to support the organization of a SIDS workshop to address the particular needs of these countries in implementing the New Delhi work programme on Article 6 of the Convention.
The Committee also recommends that families taking care of children with autism receive adequate psychological and other appropriate support.
The naivety and negligence of the negotiator necessitates an aide with neat handwriting.
SIXTH COMMITTEE 4th meeting
The Committee invites the State party to submit its next periodic report in July 2014.
According to the World Bank, between 1990 and 2003, 122 developing countries received FDI in telecommunications.
8. Second, over the past decade, the demand for information and the modalities through which and the speed at which we can access it have evolved tremendously, owing to new technologies and the rising influence of social media.
These works all provided evidence that Chinese symphonic music had embarked on a road of healthy development.
This work must include continuous assessment and strengthening of interactions of ESCAP not only with the other United Nations agencies, the private sector and civil society but also with regional initiatives, such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, the Pacific Islands Forum Secretariat and Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, with a view to building powerful partnerships for the benefit of the entire region.
We take note of the comprehensive and intensive discussions that took place at the Biennial Meeting on such important issues as weapons collection and destruction; marking and tracing; export and import control; capacity-building for implementation; research; institution-building; and human security.
Revised cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
I probably haven't been the best son.
said the princess; but he is confined, is he not
16. Currently, there are many mechanisms for collecting and reporting data on drug use, health consequences and the drug supply situation at the regional and international levels, some of which are briefly discussed below.
Jargon: The specialized or technical language of a trade, profession, or similar group.
Several guests share with us their pilgrimage experience in this episode.
Globalization must not create winners and losers.
You do not come out of this film feeling like the king of the world.
Breaches of international human rights law and international humanitarian law by both the Syrian Government and armed opposition groups were responsible for the displacement situation in the country.
In addition to the deadlock in the peace process, it was evident that the Paris Protocol, which had been born as a result of Israeli arm-twisting, had contributed to the economic ills of the Palestinian economy.
The current State budget financial gap for 2005 is approximately $16 million.
Although the Government of South Sudan, with the assistance of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS), has established a child protection unit to support the reintegration of returning abductees, it lacks capacity to provide wide-ranging support.
(g) Education and teaching
In a corner of the world, villagers used a deaf mute, because of his physical strength, to do all the hard labour.
Moreover, the optimal approximation problem of the bisymmetric solution set of the matrix equation AX=B is also studied.
Copies of the approved plan are available for sale at the Map Publications Centres in North Point and Yau Ma Tei.The electronic version of the plan can be viewed on the Town Planning Board's website (www.info.gov.hk/tpb).
At the time of writing, two consultations have already been held with intergovernmental organizations and bilateral development agencies.
Greater access to information has also allowed young people to access capital, markets and training needed to pursue a career or get an education, increased their participation in political processes, and enhanced their recognition as change agents in their societies.
Another gripe is that the tax implies an unfair link between club patronage and sexual violence though no evidence to support this has been presented.
It is recorded that Chinese-style was originally Zhejiang bannermen, his father surnamed Chu, mother is a concubine.
A selective approach to reforming the Organization will work in no one's interest.
The difference between ethnicity and nation and nationality lies in the political appeals and recognition.
The hardware circuit is presented, so is part software source code.
(a) The Government of Pakistan abides by all the requisite obligations and has been ensuring strict implementation of the arms embargo imposed against Sierra Leone;
Under implementation
You must rein in your temper.
22 April 1987
What happened to the locale setting?
Irritability. i have often experienced a profound sense of ennui.
However, the application of this apparently logical method to concrete situations turns out to be rather unconvincing: the authors admit that they are unable to determine objectively and simply the object and purpose of four out of five treaties or groups of treaties used to illustrate their method and conclude that the concept indeed remains an "enigma".
Additionally, the account structure did not support the UNICEF Financial Regulations and Rules -- reflecting variances from those of the United Nations -- or the commercial aspects required by UNICEF for fund-raising and management of its Private Sector Division.
I begged God not to fail me, to take full control of the situation.
E. Designation of intergovernmental bodies for the purposes of rule 76 of the rules of procedure of the Board
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
Activities related to four LDCs (Benin, Burkina Faso, Uganda and the United Republic of Tanzania) within the framework of JITAP ($165 013)
133. ESCAP will organize the following meetings:
Item 5: Other business
206. The Ministry of Economic and Social Inclusion also provides care services in child development centres and through home and community visits under a programme known as "Growing with our families".
That is a very good idea, actually a must.
But Asia’s aquifers – many of which were formed millennia ago, when areas like northern China had a more humid climate – are no longer being replenished regularly by rainfall.
The Counsellors cover sector headquarters as well as team sites.
Significant investment was made in staff training and skills development.
It recommended a comprehensive strategy to eliminate harmful traditional practices discriminating against women, and awareness-raising campaigns for local and religious leaders and the population.
A novel recognizer for 2-D objects using BP neural network
87. With an increase in oil production, it is crucial that South Sudan implement policies that promote economic stability and invest in other potentially productive sectors.
Recognizing also that the annual ministerial review, which is to focus on implementing the internationally agreed goals and commitments in regard to gender equality and the empowerment of women, provides an opportunity to highlight the situation of women and girls with disabilities,
Beijing can also draw on reserves of goodwill among residents, many of whom are deeply proud that their city is the Olympic host.
Kenya
Kwun Tong Driving School
The travel terminology was harmonized throughout the chapter and the language used was simplified wherever possible for the purpose of clarity.
Caribbean IMAa
He cutethe brunch of the tree.
Any student who has difficulty in printing fee could send a CD-ROM (details available in competition requirements).
(b) Report on the work of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea at its first meeting (A/55/274)
Where displacement takes place outside of an emergency situation, such as in the case of pre-emptive relocations by the Government, safeguards are necessary to ensure that individual rights are respected.
The Office has provided services for intergovernmental expert group meetings addressing these issues.
Section 37 of the Marine Resources Act (Giving effect to fisheries and international agreements) states that the Minister may, for the purpose of any fisheries agreement entered into or any international agreement to which Namibia is a party, make such regulations as the Minister may consider necessary or expedient for the carrying out and for giving effect to the provisions of any such agreement or any amendment of such agreement.
The intention is to make sure that basic education brings up a person who has general competencies, respects and tolerates people of different cultures, genders, social groups and age, knows his and other persons' rights and duties, perceives himself as a member of the community and the society.
(e) Inadequacy and high cost of access to means of communication and information;
(o) SFL: Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for the Implementation of the Framework Agreement between Spain and UNEP, which is extended up to and including 31 December 2017;
Takes note of the annual report of the Secretary-General.1 78th plenary meeting
59. The General Assembly may wish to emphasize the importance of adequate resources for all temporary arrangements, including move support, information technology and space as well as design features and appropriate amenities, so that staff of the Department can continue to provide services without interruption during the capital master plan process.
(f) Under article 7, paragraph (c), describe the extent to which women participate in nongovernmental organizations in their countries, including in women's organizations;
 Regional media services such as the Pacific News had been formed with a view to increasing coverage of national and regional issues; however, lack of resources among recipients of the service often hindered the flow of information.
It also welcomed the fruitful cooperation between CTED and the Task Force.
6. Welcomes the growing exchanges between the United Nations and the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, on the one hand, and regional organizations and institutions, such as the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries, the Council of Europe, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, the International Organization of la Francophonie, the League of Arab States, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and other regional institutions, on the other;
He hoped it would be an institution that would be able to act when national courts could not do so or were seen as being ineffective.
And stocks of consumer-discretionary companies in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index are down 14%.
57. From the information provided in the documents and during the hearings, the Advisory Committee concluded that it appears that in some situations individual staff members might be receiving multiple training lessons that may not be related to their current or future areas of responsibility in peacekeeping missions.
:: The Office organized and supported a number of additional regional outreach events.
3 p.m. Item 5. Working Group of the Whole, concluding comments on subsequent periodic reports (New Zealand)
Provisional summary record of the 33rd meeting
Efforts to reduce vulnerability and build resilience to extreme events should be prioritized in the short term.
Fund programme reserve
 97. Another delegation said the programme proposed for the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) was too broad and that many parts of the population would be hard to reach.
Malawi
Once released, the receptors are incorporated into the neutrophil's cell membrane.
Indeed, Mr Prance's new device can pick up the trace of a heartbeat from a metre away.
The Silk Road passed through its deserts and cities.
Energoprojekt could not, however, have maintained this gross margin over the life of the Engineering Contract.
12. Regarding the Government's support for the elimination of discrimination, it should be noted that the National Women's Commission had received a 100 per cent increase in its financing.
The acquisition by Abu Dhabi United Group for Development and Investment would value the club's equity and debt at 锟?00m, according to a person familiar with the matter.
:: The Arab energy sector has played and will continue to play an important role globally as well as within the region.
Kensington Gardens
KMRT ridership
Saturday, 2 September and Sunday, 3 September
Meca won gold in the 25 km (15 miles) open water event at the world swimming championships in Montreal last summer.
And a real man just can't deny, a woman's worth.
Mentholatum sheer color lip balm is a new product loved by young girls.
Before the end of the year 2000, the cumulative number of visitor arrivals reached 9 million, this figure exceeds the record-breaking number of 8,151,055 arrivals peaked at 1996.
Mary was writing a letter to her friend last night.
Like his GIFT predecessors, the salesman was not a United Nations staff member, but he presented himself as operating on behalf of the United Nations.
In Orientale Province, MONUSCO redeployed some troops and military observers into Bas-Uélé, establishing an initial presence in both Ango and Buta in order to improve situational awareness.
The analysing group noted the importance of Afghanistan having been pro-active in devising ways and means to implement the Convention in security risk areas.
Each export, import and in-transit licence or authorization shall contain the same information, which at a minimum shall identify the country and date of issuance, the date of expiration, the country of export, the country of import, the final recipient and the description and quantity of the article.
Data mining has become important domain of Al and database and hasbeen one of measure of intelligentized information system.
Most people can't read small print without glasses when they get on in years.
Under the procedures established by the General Assembly in its resolutions 41/213 and 42/211, those provisions would represent a charge against the contingency fund.
This distinction is maintained to guarantee independence of the normative functions and of the work of INCB.
Furthermore traditional agriculture that has been practised for centuries does not receive appropriate recognition in developed country markets.
UNDP promotes: the strengthening national capacities for data collection, analysis and dissemination; use of the NHDR as a tool for national policy debate and policy advocacy; and setting benchmark indicators to monitor MDG progress.
Election of the President of the Conference at its ninth session;
The Institute representative visited Maputo from 28 July to 5 August 2001.
(a) Successes and good practices;
2. This decision shall enter into force on the date of its signature.
Throughout the course of the trial, a total of 27 prosecution witnesses and 35 defence witnesses were heard by the Chamber.
Venue CST S-1 will be held in Istanbul, Turkey, during CRIC 7.
Private creditors
Ampelopsis cantoniensis
Universities and research institutes from Mali, Niger, Cameroon, Senegal will likewise be involved.
Eager to warm and hard to live the decadent, but ShuShouShuJiao everywhere incisively and vividly.
The net requirements under the regular budget, which are financed by assessed contributions payable by Member States, have been budgeted at the level of less-than-zero-real growth including the one-time cost of the adoption of the International Public Sector Accounting Standards.
26. The United Nations should continue to follow a policy of zero tolerance with respect to sexual exploitation and abuse by United Nations peacekeepers, so as to eliminate all such misconduct.
High school teachers play their part by acting as if high school education were a preparation for college rather than for life.
9. Urges all parties concerned in the region to cease any recruitment, training and use of child soldiers, which are contrary to international law, welcomes the initial steps taken by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to demobilize and reintegrate child soldiers, in particular through education, and urges the Government and all parties to continue their efforts in this context, and to take into account the particular needs of girl ex-combatants;
Is that just pop psychoIogy, or is there some truth to it?
The bill on domestic violence specifically required that a module on domestic violence be integrated into the initial training of police personnel at the Police Academy.
3. The vote of each State participating in a roll-call or a recorded vote shall be inserted in any record of or report on the meeting.
UNCTAD briefing on its 2005 Trade and Development Report
2. Additional working paper on measures provided in the various international human rights instruments for the promotion and consolidation of democracy (item 3)
As the Convention moves into its second decade, States parties will need to continue their close cooperation with international organizations and civil society on all of the Convention's core obligations.
In many of these operations, armed forces are not the exclusive target, but also economic interests such as factories or industrial complexes, which in turn increases the probability of dangerous chemicals being released, further threatening the enjoyment of human rights.
M270
We wish to commend the President of the General Assembly for reaffirming his readiness to prepare a report for members on the debate in this forum, taking the many suggestions into account.
Financial markets were currently able to condition and modify national economic policies and could force exchange-rate adjustments or even impose a change of the exchange-rate regime; they could also increase the volatility of the prices of financial assets, generating or increasing imbalances that might lead to inflation and recession.
Russian Cup
At the pre-trial stage, most motions are decided on briefs, thereby saving time and the costs connected with the obtaining and travel expenses of defence counsel to attend oral hearings.
A number of respondents highlighted the need to develop a methodological assessment framework for environmental monitoring and assessment, including tools and methodologies.
These institutions have made use of both domestic and foreign remote-sensing satellites to carry out application studies in weather forecasting, territorial survey, agricultural output assessment, forest survey, natural disaster monitoring, maritime forecasting, urban planning and mapping.
One day two famous doctors from another kingdom came to his place.
 Given the diversity of views expressed on the subject, the Preparatory Committee could not afford to delay the negotiations.
Lastly, it was inappropriate to continue deferring the issue of cash balances retained in the accounts of closed peacekeeping missions.
Consequently, considerable system-wide efforts were deployed to promote the view that a transition to international standards could be completed in the medium term.
The whole building bulk mentioned in the above paragraph that has been transferred to another building site for construction should register the original land as being publicly owned.
Operation secure freedom is one of your many files I was denied access to, michael.
A/HRC/4/INF.1
 To this end, what was tenable a few years back no longer holds today.
The site will also retain existing apartment blocks in the center.
We acknowledge the extensive utilization of Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by various United Nations agencies and other humanitarian actors, and we welcome the establishment of the Inter-agency Unit on Internal Displacement in the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA).
These ones assist in preventing cavities.
As you move it, a special cursor called the mouse pointer moves around the screen in the same direction as you move the mouse.
As of 1 January, the Mission comprised 27 military observers from Argentina (2), Bangladesh, Belgium, Brazil (2), Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Finland, Ghana, Indonesia (2), Ireland (2), Jordan, Kenya, Nepal, New Zealand, Nigeria, Norway, Pakistan, Poland, Russian Federation, Switzerland, Ukraine (2).
In a letter dated 27 June 2013, the Government of France reported to the Secretary-General that, in the course of consultations held with the Head of Mission in Paris on 4 June 2013, it had shared information in its possession, which, in their view, indicated that Sarin had been used in that incident.
Cuban children are vaccinated against 13 diseases and enjoy splendid health.
Availability in appropriate languages
Love her more than you love yourself.
OBJECTIVE: Synthesis of celiprolol hydrochloride and the improvement of the process.
I am going to jog before breakfast.
Agreements that leave ambiguity on this fundamental issue could create uncertainty and confusion that would undermine efforts to create an economic environment conducive in the long term to production, trade and growth.
Work already done in this area at the regional and sub-regional levels could be built upon.
The delegation of Argentina fully associates itself with those statements.
Third Committee
 111. In its resolution 36/8 B, the Commission, acting as the preparatory body for the Fourth World Conference on Women, had requested the Secretary-General to plan and implement an information campaign for the Conference.
Eliza sat cold, impassible, and assiduously industrious.
For many years past, I with my white hair have been conscious that many people think they have the right to despise me; to the poor ignorant masses I present the visage of one damned.
He instructed me to pick out a dime
It was the memory of 1945 Hiroshima and Nagasaki suffered from the attacks of atomic bomb, from which originated the term of Zero Ground.4.
Namibia Demographic and Health Survey.
UNICEF often advertises consultancy positions and uses interview panels to ensure competition.
VIII.37 The Advisory Committee was unable to get a clear statement from the Secretariat regarding the nature and status of the development of a comprehensive monitoring system in the Office particularly as to the means to be employed (i.e., meetings, missions, hard-copy reports or electronic automated systems).
Efforts were made to influence the implementation plans developed on the basis of the Brahimi report from a gender perspective, including through the recommendation for a Gender Unit in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Amman, Jordan, 5-8 February 2001
1 April 1999
The proposed rates, moreover, did not reflect the real capacity to pay of the developing countries, given the impact of the continuing downturn in the global economy and the persistent problem of fiscal deficits in many developing countries as a result of the decline in government revenues.
It integrates internal information, and enables the product development and manufacturing coherently via the Joss system.
Mary Oakes Smith, Fellow, Information Technology for Education and Health, World Bank
 Having in mind these considerations, the President of Russia put forward a proposal regarding preparation by the five nuclear-weapon States of a treaty on nuclear security and strategic stability.
Application of the Statute and the Rules
Transfer of Power to the Greenland Home Rule Government
49. The Government of Myanmar had enacted a law in 1998 for the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
The amendment to the Military Personnel Act of January 2004 enables women public officers to take maternity leaves during pregnancy, childbirth, and care of children three-years-old or younger. (Article 11.4)
 It was slow, ponderous, complex and expensive in terms of staff resources.
Pursuant to rule 11 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, the Secretary-General is submitting the following summary statement.
:: Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
The dog flew down the road after the cat.
I am looking for a supplier who manufactures bespoke silicone wristbands with an embedded hologram.
I have to admit that you are very astute
3. DLDD and SLM monitoring and assessment/research
To that end, it is vital for the whole world to share a vision of a world free of nuclear weapons by overcoming the differences in position of the nuclear-weapon and the non-nuclear-weapon States.
We remain concerned about the form and agenda of the final event, however.
an overall less effective service inventory and technology architecture, bloated and convoluted by the added redundancy and denormalization and in need of additional governance effort
B. Other international initiatives
:: Promotion of civic education for peace and democracy from an early age and, in particular, support for the work of the University for Peace, especially its programme on the culture of peace, with a view to the development of personal responsibility in building peace and human development.
Indeed it can, if you count immaculate conception, two moons hanging in the sky and mind-reading.
3. Notes that the charging of expenditures against the appropriation for special political missions would be subject to the extension of the respective mandates;
:: Report of 2001 Election Statistics, Supervisor of Elections. St. Vincent and the Grenadines. 2001
The tiles are backed by a high - temperature - resistant material on the nose and of the wings.
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)a
That assistance would be disbursed "unearmarked" into the UNRWA General Fund.
Spezzano della Sila
The objective of the Commission, as we understand it, is to help peoples in conflict situations to overcome their difficulties.
Providing advice to Member States upon their request, to strengthen their capacity to collect, compile, store, analyse and disseminate official statistics and indicators in the economic, social, demographic and environmental fields to produce quality data for policy formulation, with a special focus on census and basic economics
This was an anxious gesture perhaps, based on recalling my older brother as a kid, and on thinking of his own young children.
1,5 Dimethylbenzene Methylene chloride
Poland is now divided into 16 provinces, or voivodships.
The dead wall surfaces of a recording studio.
Hostile action/forced abandonment factor:
6. Invites all Governments and organizations to extend their cooperation to the Committee in the performance of its tasks;
The official residence usually provided by a church for its parson ; a rectory .
Truman cabinet
Choleric people don't cry easily or show much emotion at all.
Meeting of inventory lead reviewers
To help Ss master the basic structures of special questions.
2. Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, subject to the provisions of the present resolution;
There are a number of agreements and conventions concerned with such phenomena, such as the Arab Convention for the Suppression of Terrorism, signed at a joint conference of the Council of Arab Ministers of the Interior in 1988, which addressed one aspect of the issue of arms control and the prevention of the illicit arms trade.
Question of arbitrary detention
Hong Kong Film Awards
On 14 July 2011, the United Nations Representative convened the 29th meeting of IPRM, which marked the second anniversary of IPRM.
80. UNCDF, as an independent organization, has a number of distinct comparative advantages within the United Nations system and the UNDP group.
Since 1996 the AIRC has been responsible for adjusting the Victorian minimum rates of pay.
Desirous of promoting agreements to strengthen regional peace and security at the lowest possible level of armaments and military forces,
This is how the right of increasingly larger groups of society to the free choice of work and employment moves beyond the letter of law, and becomes everyday realty.
Why did you paint the room that putrid colour?
Executives with the company say that it is a very inclusive culture, in which every employee matters.
Increased air fares (war risk insurance) (SAR 363,306);
As per the BIVAC contract and the President's policy announced in July, no one should be allowed to import or export goods or obtain a Government contract until their arrears are paid.
155. To our knowledge, no new amendment to the Constitution of the Republic is being considered to address any particular matter, because just two years have passed since the previous amendment (2011), during which time some of the legislative amendment procedures required under the new constitutional text have barely been started.
Zeus, sitting on his throne, saw with alarm how strong man was becoming.
(Rule 5 to 7)
The authors discovered that 82 percent of the studies found "significant associations between positive father involvement and offspring well-being."
Travel of representatives from 49 least developed countries (one per country) to the forum meeting held under the auspices of the Economic and Social Council in New York will require $377,300;
Scope: Global.
The secretariat has made every effort to address suggestions for further development as requested by Parties, including the following:
Mentor Foundation
Many so-called "returnees" were kept in ill-prepared transit care centres, given little food and left without social work support.
Here's the dog that bit me.
Exam is like a burden weight heavily upon our minds.
Also through third - party software on system performance  testing adjustments, the efficiency multiplier!
State party's observations on admissibility and merits
" Blue Beard called, "Fatima!
However, if this is too restrictive for the message flow developer, then they can uncheck this preference setting to allow unrestricted grammar appropriate for input in a specific field type.
That would provide assured funding for technical cooperation programmes in the thematic areas of poverty reduction through productive activities and trade capacity-building.
: the methodologies proposed for mitigation shall give priority to avoidance of impacts. The assessment methods shall be capable of:
After finalisation it is an option to consider the final report.
In order for the Agency to have a truly international character, action should be taken to balance its monitoring and inspection roles, and to extend its authority to include all States, whether nuclear or non-nuclear.
There are numerous regular flights between Bermuda and the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.
Table 14: Elections to the Senate of the Parliament in 2000 - structure of elected senators according to sex
57. Ms. Schöpp-Schilling said that the delegation appeared to have misunderstood the Committee's questions regarding wages in the health and education sectors.
 UNICEF has long been involved in associating non-governmental organizations, with the agreement of the host country, and private institutions in its activities.
The ledgers and account books had all been destroyed.
Attention has also been given to the issue of disability, which has become an important concern in the region as a result of wars and armed conflicts.
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
2.4 On 31 October 1993, the author's son was charged with murder.
Its endorsement by the Fourth Committee would assist the Territories in finding the necessary external resources.
"I. Globalization
First, the Government of Sudan takes a special interest in the implementation of the international Convention, particularly as the Sudan was among its first signatories.
Assistance in marking, record-keeping, tracing, destruction of firearms, as well as public-awareness programmes
71. The Committee is concerned at the persistence of high levels of poverty and social exclusion among Bolivian women, particularly among women living in rural areas, indigenous women, older women and women with disabilities, and their insufficient access to land, housing and basic social services.
However, criticisms have also been expressed concerning the low level of consultation in seeking guidance from the COP.
In this paper mainly study the countermeasure of transferring the surplus labor force in hulunbeier's rural and pastoral area.
Municipal councils must ensure that so called "cooperation talks" are available to parents who request them.
The Council highlighted the accountability of parties to a conflict by requesting the Secretary-General to implement a monitoring and reporting mechanism on grave violations against war-affected children and to engage in dialogue with parties to conflicts mentioned in the Secretary-General's report (S/2005/72) to the Council.
Olympic bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Trust Cooperation
Assistance to Somalia in the field of human rights (E/2000/23 (Part I))
Nationally, Thailand recognizes its problems and is strongly determined to fix them.
If roof flies, then we went last station - - heaven.
39. Within peacekeeping missions, the protection of civilians is greatly enhanced when all components (military, police and civilian) are engaged, rather than this task being relegated to only the military component.
(Percentages for selected periods ending 31 March 2012)
The problem has far from been resolved.
The establishment of a team of three National Officers (2 existing and 1 proposed positions) will enable an allocation of duties such that each Officer can be assigned to act as primary facilitator of communications with one of the three justice institutions, which will enhance communication lines between UNAMA and the justice sector.
Conyza
(d) Other public institutions and the rest of the stakeholders are being consulted on the policy for the care of persons with different capabilities.
110. Till date, 48 out of the 72 clauses of the Accord have been implemented, while 15 have been partially implemented and 9 remain under process of implementation.
I. Statistical summary: cases of enforced or involuntary disappearances reported to the Working Goup between 1980 and 2000 28
If the proposed works are reasonable and practicable, the Government can take them forward or bear the costs as necessary.
The proportion of the core budget adopted by the COP received for GM operations
27 April 1972
That three-tier framework allows monitoring on how health system interventions can focus on managing determinants, such as in public health programmes, as well as those that directly relate to the treatment of diseases.
MONUC
CCL and Technopromexport both presented as evidence of the value of the losses suffered certain documents prepared by or acknowledged by Iraqi officials.
In every contract , one source said, local officials sought a kick - back , typically of 10 - 15 %.
Recession-hit couples rethink wedding dreams Nagging concerns about the global economic downturn and rising unemployment are forcing many young Britons to think twice about tying the knot this year, a think-tank said on Saturday.
There is high prevalence of HIV/AIDS and the epidemic is spreading rapidly, with consequences which will become more serious within a short time.
It's $5600 altogether . Would you mind coming with me to the cashier?
A democracy requires accountability and accountability requires transparency.
Target 2012-2013: 10 key stakeholders surveyed
1. No alien shall be expelled to a State where his or her life or freedom would be threatened on grounds such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national, ethnic or social origin, property, birth or other status, or any other ground impermissible under international law.
Central data repository
(b) Other substantive outputs (RB/XB)
7. Initially, all staff served under one set of Staff Rules, now known as the 100 series.
The rebels are deep in slaughter. I will discipline all of them.
E. Strive for improvement in the education on sustainable forest management both within and outside formal education, at all levels
(e) The significance of balancing law enforcement measures with those aimed at prevention;
Sixty-first session
2, the simple judging in solving individual hobby of investor.
Field Application Section
PLANNING AND THE MARKET ARE BOTH MEANS OF DEVELOPING THE PRODUCTIVE FORCES.
Human rights situation in Palestine and other occupied Arab territories
Gender
It was hosted by the Department of Water Resources of the Gambia and organized by UNEP with the support of the UNFCCC secretariat.
5. At the 11th meeting, on 16 October, the representative of the Republic of Korea, on behalf of Australia, Cambodia, Costa Rica, Denmark, Ethiopia, Guyana, Indonesia, Ireland, Kiribati, Mexico, Mongolia, Montenegro, Norway, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Peru, the Philippines, Poland, Qatar, the Republic of Korea, Rwanda, Samoa, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Viet Nam, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Observer status for the Global Green Growth Institute in the General Assembly" (A/C.6/68/L.8).
He adds that the ex officio lawyer did not duly react to the bruises and scratches either.
Date of submission: 9 March 2013
Having considered the report of the International Law Commission on the work of its sixty-second session,
First prize in the raffle is a holiday for two in Paris.34
(d) The rules and policies on asylum should be reviewed and amended to facilitate rapid determination of the status of unaccompanied children.
The Kyoto Convention entered into force in 1974 and was revised and updated in 1999 to meet the current demands of Governments and international trade.
National strategic planning processes have stimulated central and local governments, NGOs, communities and international partners in many countries to define strategies that are tailored to the different contexts within which HIV/AIDS evolves.
21. The Committee, while recognizing the secular character of the Turkish State and welcoming amendments made to the Law on Foundations, No.5737, in 2011 and their implementation allowing non-Muslim religious communities to have their property registered, is concerned about the restrictions imposed on Muslim communities, as well as non-Muslim religious communities, that are not covered by the 1935 Law on Foundations (arts. 18 and 26).
It is as if the language became simplified.
We need to unswervingly promote reform in economic and political institutions, develop socialist democracy, improve the socialist market economy, liberate and develop the productive forces, promote social fairness and justice, and achieve all-round personal development.
3. The Ad Hoc Advisory Group was very much encouraged by the successful conduct of the referendum on the post-transition Constitution on 28 February 2005 and by the strong support expressed for it by voters.
13. With respect to the IPSAS requirement for the presentation of consolidated financial statements for reporting entities and their controlled entities (see A/64/355, para. 45), the Advisory Committee notes that the United Nations IPSAS Implementation Project Team has initiated a project to further consider whether there is a requirement for the United Nations to present such consolidated financial statements under IPSAS.
10. The World Declaration and the Plan of Action of the World Summit for Children are among the most rigorously monitored and implemented international commitments of the 1990s.
20. In response to the remarks made by Ms. Schöpp-Schilling, she stressed that the Government's primary concern was to promote job creation.
The thief broke out of the prison and escaped.
The Secretariat distributes the final draft in the six official languages of the United Nations.
3. The Committee decided to keep Bosnia and Herzegovina on the list of countries subject to the urgent procedure and to send a letter to the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to inform them that the Committee will examine the situation of their country at its fifty—third session, in August 1998, and that it wishes to meet a delegation from the country at that time.
The Choice of Growth Model and the Differences of Economic Performance in the East and West of China: A Comparative Study between Shaanxi and Zhejiang
In this conversation, Sally is a receptionist for a major computer hardware supplier.
At 1310 hours Israeli enemy forces, from their outpost on Radar hill, within the occupied Shab`a Farms, fired a number of rounds from medium-calibre weapons at the area around the said outpost.
16-20 May
8. National soccer team welcomes you: A spoof on the Olympic song Beijing Welcomes You, in honor of the much-maligned Chinese football team.
Noting the adoption and opening for signature of the Convention on Nuclear Safety at the Agency headquarters in Vienna,
7. Transportation: use of motor vehicles, parking and related matters.
D. Power supply
Funding data for the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, UNCTAD, ITC and the five regional commissions were collected through a separate questionnaire.
V. Financial administration
3 Disarmament
You should have your ID card when you are 18 years old.
In the context of framework agreements, this manner of notification is not only efficient, but can be effective where repeated procurements can benefit from improved submissions, particularly when the notices are accompanied by explanations of why the submissions were unsuccessful or by debriefing procedures.
These efforts have resulted in a drastic reduction in opium poppy production.
What impact can successful regeneration have on the economy and society?
Fears remain that the conditions of hardship inside the camp could strengthen radical militant groups operating inside it.
It emphasises the duty of care of the professional handling cases of possible child abuse and lists the reporting requirements in such cases to protect the confidentiality and integrity of such cases.
On the one hand describes the platform requirements and key performance indicators system descriptions.
Given the wide-ranging nature of the functions, the post is more appropriately located in the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer.
" 17 "Try to sleep," said Sue
E/ESCAP/MCREI/L.3
A function is sort of like a mini program inside of your program.
Actually, the framework of Hua  Youshi  discipline is early too overstaffed, dismiss a half cannot cherish.
It was important in that connection to specify the scope and application of the principle of universal jurisdiction, taking into account the negative implications for State sovereignty of the improper use of that principle.
Member of the Peacebuilding Fund Advisory Group
I became aware of a throbbing ache centered above my left ear.
The Assembly will understand my delegation's position because it is known that countries emerging from conflict in that region -- that is, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea-Bissau and Côte d'Ivoire -- share a common frontier with my country, which since 1989 has continued to provide a generous welcome to refugees.
You can't afford luxuries, on an income of 100 yuan a month.
Using, inter alia, market data gathered from suppliers and consumers of ammonia and methanol, the Panel developed benchmark prices of ammonia and methanol, and estimated the price variances that occurred due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Subsequently, BINUB and UNICEF developed a joint strategy to fight sexual and gender-based violence in Burundi, which was the basis for sensitization sessions conducted by Human Rights Officers of BINUB and their partners among the community leaders, associations, including youth clubs, and other community outlets.
Results-based annual report on the monitoring and evaluation activities of UN-Habitat discussed with the Committee of Permanent Representatives
It's, uh, less than two kilograms.
Ms. García Jordán (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The Cuban delegation fully supports the statement made on this matter by the representative of Indonesia on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement.
Thats why we call peanuts good.s true that peanuts have many uses, said father, re most beloved in one respect.
 In recent years, while emigration had increased as a result of the lack of employment in Kazakstan, the country's political stability had attracted refugees from other countries.
15. The deliberations of the Board on the evolution of the international trading system had been structured around two themes: the impact of trading on inclusive development, and the implications for trade and development of the outcomes of Rio+20.
(i) Work with the National Commission on Human Rights and Freedoms and civil society to improve the general situation of human rights in Cameroon and to popularize human rights culture.
- the prohibition on the participation or acquisition of shares and securities of a participating nature in firms incorporated in Iran or owned by Iranian nationals, which carry out outside Iran the activities referred to in the preceding paragraph;
CEDAW also commended Singapore for the introduction of counselling orders which provide for mandatory counselling for perpetrators and victims.
37. The ECOWAS Chiefs of Defence Staff from Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, Nigeria and Senegal arrived in Bissau on 10 October for a two-day visit to discuss the latest security developments in Guinea-Bissau with the transitional authorities and the military leadership.
It is the vibration of vindictiveness that causes leaders to compete with one another for territorial reign or to war upon one another.
Sixty-third session
He decided to give up gambling.
After all, sleeping allows our bodies to refresh and heal, and cutting down on that process can only do our bodies more harm than good.
Item 3 (b) (i) of the provisional agenda
EEC Trust Fund for HIV/STI Prevention among Uniformed Services in Ukraine
A Performance management system 37
Quite an exciting connection.
UNICEF will now increase its efforts to promote adequate attention to young children in PRSs, not least because of the linkages between children's development and the reduction of poverty.
1 Enumerated and estimated population and households.
3 - 6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 8
Zhang Li, I've hear that your company has very generous fringe benefit policies. Is that true?
Figure I illustrates the Secretariat population by location; figure II illustrates the same population by location, category and series of the Staff Rules.
They further stressed that the UN should ensure that steps are taken to restore the image and credibility of any UN peacekeeping mission, Troop Contributing Countries or UN peacekeeping personnel when allegations of misconduct are ultimately found to be unproven;
National staff: No change
UNICEF programme cooperation
Please provide examples of court cases, if any, where the Convention was invoked or directly applied and where the courts interpreted national law in the light of the Convention.
1 September 2006
Did not you, in our own time, engage the Franks at Mortemer?
equal partners in running the company, equal partners in running the magazine.
Tasty biscuits and Mashed  Yellow Turnips are two comfort foods that will be greatly appreciated.
In most countries in the region, industrial structures have become more diversified horizontally and vertically; levels of foreign indebtedness have been kept within manageable limits; inflation rates have remained relatively low; and the degree of integration into the world economy has increased.
Ecuador believed that fruitful cooperation could be established between the United Nations and the Court.
However, development cooperation can play a strong role in catalysing domestic financing for development by increasing tax revenue and access to affordable financial services.
A continued linkage, however, should include provisions ensuring improved transparency, an element that some stated should be reflected in the decision of the Board.
I'm afraid you got screwed, friend.
Saudi Arabia became the world's top oil producer by tapping its vast reserves of easy-to-drill, high-quality light oil.
IIW International Investment Center1
As the modern logistics develops to a certain stage, Logistics Park is beginning to be produced.
What do you think of the scenery there?
20. Urges continuous support for measures to address the challenges of poverty eradication and sustainable development in Africa, with special emphasis on the Millennium Development Goals related to poverty and hunger, health, education, the empowerment of women and gender equality, including, as appropriate, debt relief, improved market access, support for the private sector and entrepreneurship, enhanced official development assistance, increased foreign direct investment and transfer of technology, on mutually agreed terms, the empowerment of women in all aspects, including economic and political aspects, the promotion of social protection systems and the conclusion of the Doha round of negotiations of the World Trade Organization;
Similarly, two distinct data communication systems are provided to satisfy the requirement for coordination activities and the electronic transfer of information.
Financial Intelligence Centre -- Namibia
The Committee agreed that, through its work in the scientific, technical and legal fields, as well as through the promotion of international dialogue and exchange of information on various topics relating to the exploration and use of outer space, it had a fundamental role to play in enhancing transparency and confidence-building among States, as well as in ensuring that outer space was maintained for peaceful purposes.
How can you demonstrate that you are financially burdenless in regard to your academic years?
Table 7. Number of evaluation reports received, by year of project approval and year of evaluation
 40. The human rights office began operations on 15 June 1994 and it has been estimated that it currently has sufficient resources and personnel to attain all the objectives defined in the assistance programme.
Strengthen governance and oversight arrangements
The High Commissioner's reform efforts -- including needs-based budgeting, results-based management and human resources reform -- show great promise.
To prevent privately-owned historic buildings from being demolished for redevelopment or damaged because of lack of maintenance, we will consider using appropriate economic incentives to encourage the owners to preserve those buildings.
Rubens had the 11th fastest time in the race today.
The character used to denote the start of line assertion.
19. Capacity-building and awareness-raising workshops organized by field presences are also on the increase.
 The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 55.
The above problems were improved appropriately and some effects were achieved.
For each creature that Voracious Dragon devoured, this ability checks its creature type as it last existed in play to see if it was a Goblin at that time.
If action is not taken within the prescribed tome, prosecution can never be taken.
When employees of Mitsubishi Corporation, a huge trading house, go on a beer binge they are (informally) required to quaff Kirin—a company under Mitsubishi’s wing.
(b) Where possible, difficult sites should be avoided so as to minimize the construction costs. The design of the reservoirs should reduce adverse visual, landscape and ecological impacts. Landscape treatments should be incorporated in the design.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesperson
13. At the same meeting, statements were made by the representatives of the Asian Development Bank and the International Food Policy Research Institute, intergovernmental organizations.
This course mainly tells us what is Chinese language and literature.
[2 November 2000]
 Post-conflict rehabilitation and development were essential to eliminate the root causes of refugee crises.
The ruling of 24 November 2009 on human trafficking had directly referenced the Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress, and Punish Trafficking in Persons, especially Women and Children, to the Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, and had amended national legislation on human trafficking to reflect international standards.
As part of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), we undertook to reduce the number of people suffering from hunger by one half and the number of people who live with an income of less than $1 per day by one half between 1990 and 2015.
Workers’ wages in the US, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and other developed countries would be inexorably competed down toward those of lower-wage trading partners, while developing-country workers would find it increasingly difficult – even in nominal democracies – to improve their standard of living.
The Committee is further concerned at reports of stigmatization and negative attitudes on the part of the public as well as in the portrayal of Luli/Roma in the media (arts. 2 and 5).
The opinions,which were current a hundred years ago,that the poor owed their conditions to their ignorance,lack of responsibility,are outdated
Big Time Rush
It felt that the parties to those conventions should decide on introducing the required amendments.
Rather than intervening in violent conflicts after they have erupted and then engaging in post-conflict peace-building, it is more humane and more efficient to prevent such violence in the first place by addressing its roots.
Year 2000 HKTDC Award for Export Marketing
Accounts, books and records should be properly kept and are subject to audit by persons authorized by the Registrar.
81. To promote and facilitate staff development in the context of performance management, an online competency development guide has been introduced to facilitate staff self-learning and competency development.
16. The growing trend towards integration of services and the increasing use of sector-wide approaches in development assistance are making it increasingly difficult for countries to readily distinguish between expenditures for population and other health-related activities and, within population, among family planning, reproductive health and STDs/HIV/AIDS activities.
Maybe I had already been hopelessly corrupted by my free, economy Aer Lingus flight and very nice lunch.
Treasure
" In the mid-1970s, after years of holding out hope that Muns might return, his family decided to have him declared legally dead.
Analysts say the state- controlled company is keen to ensure it remains in control of value-added services offered through its huge network.
We call on you to take the lead in developing mutually agreed and binding rules to control flows of external funds.
Therefore the paper carried out the completion optimization of Changling volcanic gas reservoir.
14. The need to move towards a culture of prevention of conflict was recognized by all.
5. Invites all relevant United Nations bodies within their mandates and non-governmental organizations to promote World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought;
Consequently, adolescents up to 18 years old are holders of all the rights enshrined in the Convention; they are entitled to special protection measures and, according to their evolving capacities, they can progressively exercise their rights (art. 5).
However, the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons was not a utopian dream and achieving it was not a quixotic quest, it had simply been derailed by the focus of some countries in the West on non-proliferation.
Total sample Haemoglobin
As he tried to turn the tiller, the sailor would feel a mild resistance, a force created by the feedback from the rudder he wanted to move.
:: Preparation of IPSAS-compliant financial reports on assets for incorporation into the financial statements of the Organization
Thailand is relatively tolerant of homosexuality and Bangkok is a global centre for sex-change surgery.
Among the general factors are significant technological innovations; high indebtedness and stringent budget constraints limiting the public sector’s ability to meet increasing infrastructure needs; the expansion of international and local capital markets, with a consequent improvement in access to private funding; and an increasing number of successful international experiences with private participation and competition in infrastructure.
It was adopted by all parties, and the African Union has put in place a mechanism to monitor the implementation of the ceasefire agreement.
The actual total number is 9 as at 27 June 2013.
Cardinal Campeggio tells me You want to stay in Rome now,and not return to England.
In 2002, UNCTAD produced a report on transparency and disclosure requirements for corporate governance for the nineteenth session of ISAR (TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/15).
and PolyU) still have
Hamburg Metropolitan Region
Employers should have no right to obtain information about their employees health or other aspects of their personal lives without the employeespermission
S/2014/41
According to United States law, Guam, as an unincorporated Territory, is a possession of the United States but not part of the United States.
The National Council for Medically Assisted Reproduction, which was set up by this Law, is responsible for giving opinions on ethical, social and ethical questions in medically assisted reproduction.
I promise full cooperation with all partners, and as one of the P-6, Austria will do its best to serve the Conference in this respect to further the objectives of the Conference.
This has led to suggestions that the Sumatran tiger should have greater priority for conservation.
Those, whom God has joined together, let no man put asunder.
Dominica is very concerned over the increase in that illicit trade in the Caribbean region.
Even if the complainant had attempted to avail himself of this recourse, he would have been prevented from pursuing it as, under articles 186 and 106 of the Civil Procedure Code he would have to identify the name of the respondent.
On the contrary, my comments indicate that an important part of the solution should come from the region itself and be implemented by the peoples of the region.
Reports of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its second regular session of 2010 and its first regular and annual sessions of 2011 (General Assembly resolutions 48/162, annex I, and 62/208 and Council resolution 1995/51)
Raging fear from skies above the fire fuels my veins.
We played a rubber of chess.
143. The creation on 2 July 2010 of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women, known as "UN Women" (see resolution 64/289), was a historic step forward and represents an opportunity to significantly accelerate the efforts undertaken by the United Nations to achieve the goals of gender equality and the empowerment of women.
7. Crime prevention and criminal justice [item 105]
Rationalization
That would help developing countries to build up the methodologies required so that they could improve productivity and use productivity performance to gauge the success of their economic reform programmes and steer their policies.
The network of neuro-endocrine-immune system is an integrating system which regulates all activities in whole life of organism.
The girl twitched nervously at her collar.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith copies of the following documents:
How long has Pfund been with the Lakers?
Exceptional children are different in some significant way fromothers of the same age For these children to develop to their full adult potential, their education must be adapted to those differences. [8
To build global partnership for development has been included in the 2005 world summit outcome document.
Deposition of solids in quiescent stretches of a water course will impair the normal aquatic life of the water course.
At its 6889th meeting, on 17 December 2012, the Security Council considered the item entitled:
I always find it interesting to see how others solve problems that seem so prevalent here in the states.
But rapid, far-reaching change can also present great opportunities.
Most SADC members had also signed or acceded to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and other relevant instruments.
This paper probes into the feasibility for texture determining by color metallography.
* The reports of the Committee on all the agenda items relating to disarmament and international security (items 60, 61 and 63-81) will be issued under the symbol A/51/566 and addenda.
Next steps
Xinhua says the student's father found the bomb in a pond Wednesday.
Recalling decision 24/16 (Updated water policy and strategy of the United Nations Environment Programme), section A (Freshwater) of 9 February 2007,
Fred Rindel and the De Decker brothers set up UNITA's diamond sales system in 1993, selling about one third of UNITA's diamonds according to Rindel.
As required (up to 30 meetings)
They were supported by an additional package of harm-reduction programmes for people at risk, and in particular by programmes for the provision of clean needles and syringes and a nationwide drug substitution programme.
(f) Formulate and implement without delay a strict "staff-in-between-assignments" (SIBA) policy, with a view to providing every staff member with a full-time assignment (para. 115);
Since responsibility for the monitoring of human rights is shared by a number of authorities, the budget allocations for the implementation of international obligations concerning those rights can only be calculated through an analysis of each authority's budget.
LCQ8: Marketing Costs for the Sale of Surplus Home Ownership Scheme Flats
We have expressed our concern with regard to the growth in terrorist activities by the Taliban and other terrorist groups.
Among the issues that will be considered during the separate sessions of the meeting of the Conference of the Parties, the President, in agreement with the Bureau, has indicated her general expectations and priorities as follows:
AVIONICS 11.A.1. Radar and laser radar systems including altimeters
(a) The proposed criteria for identifying issues that are candidates for updating;
GoJ (MOFA)/JICA: grants and technical assistance out of ￥43 billion on healtha
58. In its previous report (A/63/9, annex IX), the Board noted that there were differences between the accounts payable module and the Lawson system (general ledger).
Item 10. Other business
The final rule also requires rigorous work practice standards such as periodically washing down work floors and covering waste containers.
Outcomes of the ninth session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the Meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol
Contraceptive prevalence rate (modern methods)
The scope and complexity of the humanitarian, environmental, medical, psychological and economic consequences created a problem of common concern.
United Nations
What criteria are used to determine a hot paper?
Starbuck Island
The machine enclosure is made of 304 stainless steel and its surface is polished, the machine appearance is compact and smooth.
Notices for lease or sale issued by the Housing Authority, 1989-2001
Make changes to your home that will be pleasing to everyone involved
8. Persons with disabilities
It was important for reasonable use of antibiotics to know distribution and antibiotic resistance of pathogens.
Your increased awareness of your domain will help you align your systematic reuse efforts with business aspirations and iteration goals.
The Malta Labour Party, the party in Opposition, believes that the quota method is one way by which real equality between men and women can be brought forward.
If it finds enough space on an existing page, it places the new row on that page, reorganizing the contents of the page if necessary.
Participation in political and public life
Blue was the most common eye colour among respondents, with 41 per cent of those who answered the survey having baby blue peepers and 39 per cent having brown or hazel eyes. Top Ten iest Eyes
China has also reached a consensus with the Asian States for the Treaty on the South-east Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone and looks forward to its opening for signature at an early date.
37. Cooperation and support from States outside the former Yugoslavia, as well as from international organizations, remains integral to the successful completion of the Tribunal's cases.
Average
I. Provisional agenda
And when you're not around You can't hardly see
13.5 The State party challenged the admissibility of the authors' claim under article 26 because of nonsubstantiation, since the exemption clause under the Norwegian Education Act applies to all parents, regardless of their religion or life stance.
The Claimant asserts that construction of the airport was nearly completed on 2 August 1990, hence its ability to provide the facilities mentioned above to the Allied Coalition Forces.
Risk assessment and management
The contrastive analysis aims at avoiding the negative-transfer from mother language in second language acquisition.
Can I pay by credit card? Here's my card.
Nicaragua
Last month, European leaders unveiled a bailout package they hoped would appease the markets, but it's fallen well short of its goals.
You have seen young Mr. Carson since your rejection of the prisoner.
ITU has developed several platforms and tools for sharing data, analyses and information on key regulatory issues, in addition to best practices with regard to electronic business, electronic governance, electronic banking, electronic commerce and electronic trading, in order to enable landlocked developing countries to use information and communications technology as a catalyst in trade.
It is about two hundred kilometres from Beijing to there.
Harner et al. (1998) reported that dioxin like CNs contribute 13 - 67 % to the toxic equivalents caused by polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) and PCN in Arctic air.
Supplement No. 44 (A/69/44)
Data patterns regarding HIV infection in Cyprus present a stable and consistent trend.
Reader, it is not pleasant to dwell on these details.
Why does the purchase of body parts give rise to international condemnation, while the purchase of agricultural land does not – even when it involves evicting local landholders and producing food for export to rich countries instead of for local consumption?
No, Treebeard said that you shouldn't have any.
Both Tribunals also pay fees to some family members of defendants, designated as being assigned to defence teams.
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the action proposed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 67 (b) of the same report.
The complainant therefore submitted a letter of support from a UDPS member, which was dismissed by the officer as coming from a biased witness, a claim the complainant contests.
This date was approximately six weeks later than what was envisaged by the Transition Charter.
Estonia
21. The report on the expert workshop on the Technology Mechanism held prior to AWG-LCA 14 has also been made available and may serve as a useful contribution to the work on the Technology Mechanism during this second part of the session.
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/168 of 19 December 2001, by which the Assembly established an Ad Hoc Committee to consider proposals for a comprehensive and integral international convention to promote and protect the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities, based on the holistic approach in the work carried out in the fields of social development, human rights and non-discrimination, and taking into account the recommendations of the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission for Social Development,
The Government signed a memorandum of understanding with all key development partners in the education sector.
5. To enhance system-wide gender sensitivity and gender expertise, the Economic and Social Council, in its agreed conclusions 1997/2, requested all entities of the United Nations system to, inter alia: (a) integrate a gender perspective into all training programmes; (b) provide continuous gender training for all staff, including those at the highest levels; (c) provide special training for gender experts to enhance their skills; (d) ensure that specialized gender expertise is available to them; and (e) coordinate their training efforts through a system-wide evaluation of the impact of gender training.
In addition, the Committee at its second session in decision 2/7 strongly endorsed the proposal of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to develop, over the next six months, a regional implementation plan for the Global Strategy to Improve Agriculture and Rural Statistics.
And he's in this room, right now!
3. On 6 April 1999 a Kuwaiti patrol in the area of the buoys intercepted the Iraqi craft Nisrin (No. 135/Basrah), with Hafiz Abbas Jum`ah at the wheel, while it was engaged in fishing.
1. The impact of cartels on the poor
My company pays well(= pays high salaries).
The history of immunology is traced to 1798, when Edward Jenner found that people could be immunized against the disease smallpox.
The foundation has been established for assessments of multistep air - to - surface attacking action.
Do not wake a sleeping lion.
(b) To keep in mind the need for a balanced accommodation of the benefits of continuity and the importance of renewal;
SPECIAL EVENT 6
In 1999, parental payments covered approximately 37% of the total costs, while the state and municipalities covered only 56%.
She appealed to them to continue to provide technical assistance and funding in the areas of road rehabilitation and construction of new routes, rehabilitation and revitalization of railway systems in Nigeria and technical know-how in the freight-forwarding business.
Someone has used my bike, but I don't know who (has used it).
From1996 to 2005, how many stranded cetaceans were found in Hong Kong waters?
Lose 10 pounds in 2 weeks.
6. Authorizes MONUC to use all necessary means, within the limits of its capacity and in the areas where its units are deployed, to carry out the tasks of its mandate listed in paragraph 3 (a) to (e) of resolution 1856 (2008) and paragraphs 9, 20, 21 and 24 below;
19. Also requests the Secretary-General to convey the reasons for the further postponement of the delivery of outputs to the biennium 1998–1999 and the opinion of relevant intergovernmental bodies on the proposal by the Secretary-General to delete fifty-seven outputs carried over from the biennium 1994–1995, for consideration at its current session;
Such an approach was both a common-sense requirement and an optimistic policy for the future.
We, the leaders of the Arab States, assembled at the 24th session of the Council of the League of Arab States at summit level in Doha, the capital of the State of Qatar, on 14 Jumada II AH 1434/26 March AD 2013, having devoted our efforts to an exploration of the present Arab situation and future horizons,
G. The benchmarks for exit appear unlikely to be met in the
Office opens at 4.30 p.m.
she was been fined for driving overspeed.
83. The raesons for poverty are many , but for the most part center on illiteracy , the lack of opportunities and in some cases pure laziness .
Its OK for your interviewer to be late, but the interviewee needs to be on time or 5-10 minutes early
I have advice about friendship.
Keep it simple
1. To affirm the importance of settling inter-Arab disputes and strengthening Arab solidarity;
Indigenous women, children and youth and persons with disabilities face discrimination on multiple grounds, which often puts them in a particularly disadvantaged situation.
For example, it requires efficient targeting to avoid subsidy leakages that end up benefiting the well-off, a problem reported in the Meeting.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
NUMBEROF/data
We are also grateful to other Member States for their broad support.
Refundable Hospital Cash Plan / Benefit
Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention
In addition, the data for anticipated retirement contain slight inaccuracies.
In case an inside-area enterprise sells to an outside-area enterprise imported goods that have not entered the bonded area and have been declared outside, the out-side enterprise shall make the payment either overseas or to the inside-area enterprise with foreign exchange in its account or purchased foreign exchange upon a copy of the inside-area enterprise''s registration certificate and valid certificates and commercial vouchers prescribed by Rules on Foreign Exchange Purchase, Sale and Payment.If the inside-area enterprise makes overseas payment after being paid by the out-side enterprise, the inside-area enterprise shall present its registration certificate, certificate of the verification of the electronic account of the declaration form of the outside-area enterprise, and valid certificates and commercial vouchers prescribed by Rules on Foreign Exchange Purchase, Sale and Payment.
Considerable reduction of the social and gender differences between districts, between districts and the Autonomous Region of Principe and between the urban and rural populations;
At last, the existing problems and study direction of micro- hole machining are pointed out.
Through ILMS, the Library will enhance the linkages between UNBIS and the optical disk system to create a complete resource on United Nations documentation.
A more coordinated approach to vulnerability and adaptation is envisaged, with the aim of using limited resources efficiently by building on national communications, in particular of Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention (non-Annex I Parties), and on the national adaptation programmes of action under development in the least developed countries.
Please open the window and let in some fresh air.
There's been a sensible rise in temperature recently.
Trading, Operations and Reconciliation Systems Officer
Beihu District
(a) A resignation, within the meaning of the Staff Regulations, is a separation initiated by a staff member.
Deception or not, i know that I have to stand firm.
Do I have an opportunity to verify payments or check the accuracy of payments?
Government officials have warned that perceived police inaction over the ritual murders could lead to political instability as mob justice takes over.
The Group urges all States to cooperate fully with IAEA in implementing safeguards agreements and in expeditiously addressing anomalies, inconsistencies and questions identified by IAEA, with a view to obtaining and maintaining the required conclusions.
Although a number of parties aligned themselves with traditional parties after the results were announced, the rise of the independents at these elections can be considered an indicator of the country's renascent democracy and the dynamic political reconstruction of its political parties.
39. Full consideration must also be given to tensions in the border area with Chad, and generally in the region.
Promote improved standards and quality of services provided by rehabilitation centres according to the long term plan for the sector.
When some people to hate us, we hurt their own far more than making our anger for those people who want revenge.
Global snapshot
 Yet, if human needs are not adequately met, if human resources are not developed, we destroy the very basis of sustained development: our people.
By the time we paid the exchange fee ($175) and the delivery fee (roughly $100), bought new mattress covers, et cetera, the total bill approached $5,000.
18. Pursuant to Security Council resolution 1483 (2003), it was established that unencumbered funds in the United Nations Iraq Account would be transferred to the Development Fund for Iraq.
Benin is closely following the development of the New or Restored Democracies Movement.
Judge B
FCCC/SBSTA/2008/L.14
Water parks
The overall male-female graduate ratio of the programmes was 44-56 in 2011.
We must keep in with our customers.
I'm afraid I'm not quite sure,sir.
Born in Yichun, Heilongjiang province, Tang had a less than idyllic childhood.
(i) Advisory services.
During the fifty-seventh session of the Commission, held from 19 March to 27 April 2001, the Steering Committee organized a special event to promote ratification of the Convention with the participation of the Deputy High Commissioner.
Based on that policy, there should be a proper analysis and presentation of resource requirements.
In some cases (UNESCO NY, UNFPA Geneva) this had permitted a needed overhaul of management practices.
Can we look beyond our limitations and have the same trust in God that transformed a man with no arms or legs into a missionary for Jesus?
Regional GDP is expected to fall by 5.4 per cent in 2009, down by more than 10 percentage points from growth in 2008 and the average of the preceding seven years.
Envision also offers NLP Practitioner and Master Practitioner qualifications, allowing successful students to become NLP teachers themselves.
6.An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity; a pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity. Save all the price tables for reference in the future
The other four in methods are put in place by in Wizard, are empty by default.
Roberto Mura
Mortars, 100 mm calibre or larger
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
14 March 2006
The PRESIDENT: I thank the Ambassador of Italy for his statement and for the kind words addressed to the Chair.
1994- Deputy Secretary General of IAPL (NGO with consultative status at the United Nations, particularly engaged in questions concerning international criminal law and the establishment of international criminal courts).
Teleportation involves creating a copy while destroying the original.
I pitched the switch into the ditch around the kitchen.. 543.
Fran: Well, I had to repair a rip in the sleeve the other day.
Initiatives in 2008 included:
Table 7
Seventy-eighth session
    Urban Design Unit
The Government is composed of a Prime Minister, four Deputy Prime Ministers and 18 other cabinet Ministers.
It is deemed likely that the UNDG member organization will find its current staffing situation appropriate, or at most needing only some minor adjustments.
I now give the floor to France.
These men were so violent and out of control that society had given up on them.
As Ambassador Nancy Soderberg had said in the Security Council on that occasion, the time had come to exert pressure to implement the many existing norms in order to prevent further abuse and brutalization of children, focusing on the real abuses, such as the recruitment of children under the age of 15 to participate in armed conflict.
However, overall, the mine threat in the Democratic Republic of the Congo remains comparatively low.
We have the honour to submit the financial statements of the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, which we hereby approve.
So as you refill those plastic water bottles, battle the heat with these tips.What you eat, drinkAvoid very cold beverages, which can cause stomach cramps.Don't wait until you are thirsty to drink fluids
Construction of additional septic tanks and soak pits throughout the mission will effect better management of sewage and waste-water and help to protect the environment of the camps and surrounding areas.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on the state of South-South cooperation (resolutions 50/119 and 58/220).
Replies to the list of issues to be taken up in connection with the consideration of the second to fourth periodic reports of Afghanistan
 They maintain that overt aggression, followed by genocide, concentration camps and other forms of the darkest fascism, is at work in Bosnia and Herzegovina and that the world must be blind not to see it.
Tuesday, 23 October 2012, from 10:00 to 13:00, in Conference Room 6 (NLB); and
To provide early warning of terrorist activity, article 15 of the Act on Combating Terrorism prohibits:
Draft resolution I
Guanzhong area to eat soup dumplings should be put sauce, parsley sauce and so on.
The working paper proposed that the Secretary-General be requested to extend to the members of the Tribunal such coverage under the Rules governing Compensation to Members of Commissions, Committees or Similar Bodies in the Event of Death, Injury or Illness Attributable to Service with the United Nations as he had done in the case of the International Court of Justice.
To create more effective photographs actively look for lines and arrange them within your viewfinder to invoke specific feelings.
Twenty-sixth
banks and implications for climate change
So yeah, there's definitely money made in the finance office.
She held onto  a strap to steady herself.
Banking, investment services and insurance business supervisors;
Please check and see if the money is right.
68. Partners of the Tsunami Recovery Impact Assessment and Monitoring System have made some key recommendations that should be taken into consideration by those proposing reform in needs assessment processes, including the following:
The aim of the Initiative was to help revitalize the primary health care system through greater community participation in and management of available health system resources.
Doctor: Did you take any medicine before it began?
Summary
The fiftieth session of the Trade and Development Board was opened on 6 October 2003 by Mr. Dimiter Tzantchev (Bulgaria), the outgoing President of the Board.
Still, from time to time, and in consequence of this very movement, the ancient slang crops up again and becomes new once more.
Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session: report of the Disarmament Commission
In the coming five years, China will import over $1 trillion worth of goods and allow even greater access for services. All this will mean boundless opportunities for U.S. businesses.
Until that investment shortfall is made up, the missing capital will serve to depress the level of real GDP in the US by two full percentage points.
With regard to expatriate benefits, she noted that only an indication of orders of magnitude had been given in the secretariat documents, since the Commission had yet to develop a methodology for quantifying such benefits.
The Subcommittee also participated in consultations on the Ukrainian NPM in Kiev in October 2011 and in the 3rd Annual Meeting of the NPM Project Heads and Contact Persons in Slovenia in December 2011.
83. The following actions could build on the achievements of 2011 and reinforce implementation of General Assembly resolution 65/166:
Secondary School Heads
 It should be emphasized that in any investigation the response time taken to begin the inquiry is critical.
Even in countries which are member States of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), only half of the utilities achieved this target.
J. Right to education
This model is based on UNEP engaging its staff and resources more effectively to respond to regional and country needs in line with the Bali Strategic Plan and Governing Council decisions on strengthening the regional offices of UNEP.
Mali
If he is to make effective use of local remedies, he may have to travel a great distance from his place of residence to the State in which the injury took place.
2013 World Archery Championships
Wellford, South Carolina
192. The members of the Committee noted a number of weaknesses in the legislation regarding the prohibition of torture and in the functioning of the institutions charged with the investigation of complaints.
These led to UN-Habitat Governing Council resolution 21/8, which calls for the establishment of an African fund on slum prevention and upgrading and recommends that further studies be carried out as a prelude to the establishment of such a fund.
The purpose of the round tables was to review what had been achieved since the Summit in 1995, to identify further constraints and challenges in those key areas and to forge an implementation strategy.
Section IV seeks to focus on the rules of the game for international economic transactions.
Reformation and Practice of Teaching Contents and Curriculum Setup of Specialty in Water Supply and Sewerage Engineering
Nevertheless, it does address the question of the links between these vessels and the respective States enabling the fulfilment of the objectives of the Agreement.
The Committee recommends that the State party allocate the necessary resources for programmes and facilities for children with disabilities.
But with their disaffected star seemingly determined to leave the club, his continuing selection may prove to be problematic for Mancini.
Discussion paper proposed by the Coordinator relating to Part 8 of the Statute, on appeal and revision: Section 4. Revision of conviction or sentence
69. This standard, with its emphasis on "notification or ... participation in a forum", is useful as a general guideline.
`Citizen Doctor,' said the first, with his former reluctance, `ask no more.
The administrative legislation assessment system is the most important system for the quality improvement of Chinese legislation.
Article 220 Where the relevant authority in charge authorized by the State Council approves an application for the establishment of a company which fails to meet the requirements prescribed herein, or approves an application for issue of shares which fails to meet the requirements prescribed herein, and the circumstance is serious, administrative penalty shall be imposed on the supervisor directly in charge and the other person(s) directly responsible in accordance with the law.
Article 80 This Law shall be effective as of September 1, 1995.
7. Before you were born, your parents werent as boring as they are now.
a Unliquidated obligations for the period up to 30 June 2004.
Maturity less than 1 year
This may seem like a summons to all smarties out there, but in the Biblical arena, understanding means something else than being smart.
Monitoring of biota in the Canadian Arctic did show, however, a higher range of PCA concentrations in polar bear lipids than in ringed seals.
28. Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the agenda subitem entitled "Independence of the judiciary, administration of justice, impunity".
-Im not in love with you any more than you are with me.
Moreover, a substantial amount of credits and overpayments by Azerbaijan, equalling more than half of its contribution to the regular budget, still remains in a suspense account in favour of the Government of Azerbaijan.
Remote access
It is anticipated that such additional facilities will be required only exceptionally once both the M and C buildings are fully functional.
Objective To set up a sensitive triple - color flow cytometricassay ( FCM ) for detection of residual leukemia cells.
when she became ill, her paranoia took on religious overtones.
At exactly 3: 15 p. m. New York time - a precise 24 hours after having been fed in Paris - the bees swarmed out of their hive.
I give the floor to the Secretary of the Committee to conduct the voting.
Human Rights Council
The representative of China made a statement in which he expressed his Government's appreciation to States parties for their support.
85. In order to strengthen the rule of law, the Government and Parliament should:
He also encouraged the Secretariat to pursue the efforts aimed at bringing the system into operation.
This action was one designed and executed when it was obvious that the junta was determined to maintain their hold on power against the wishes of the majority of the population.
(c) Provide children from care institutions and in other vulnerable situations, or their parents or guardians, with the necessary information to take an informed decision to enrol in military schools and ensure that no child is enrolled without his/her explicit consent;
971/2001, Arutyuniantz
Institutionalization could lead to strengthened and systematized interactions of the United Nations system with all human rights treaty bodies, in support of the States parties and related stakeholders, through cyclical engagement in preparation, dialogue and follow-up.
A high wind blustered round the house, and roared in the chimney: it sounded wild and stormy, yet it was not cold, and we were all together--I, a little removed from the hearth, busy at my knitting, and Joseph reading his Bible near the table (for the servants generally sat in the house then, after their work was done)
(b) Strengthened efforts that contribute to the elimination of all forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance
Management and support services
We must turn everything to account in order to develop our national economy at a rate never known before in our history.
Nonhuman productive resources contrived by art rather than nature.
Accordingly, Mongolia will establish the baselines and benchmarks for the democratic process in the country.
Even by Chinese standards, this month's carnage has been extraordinary.
2.1 Sex-disaggregated data available and used to devise and monitor gender-responsive policies
Origlio
Then I discovered that somewhere inside the wonderful device lived an amazing person her name was "Information Please" and there was nothing she did not know.
2. Inclusiveness and sustainability are also central to the ongoing global discussions shaping the post-2015 agenda.
— Expanding the truant officers scheme and the psychological counselling and guidance services;
E. Results-based-budgeting frameworks
Just a minute, please. I'll see if he is registered.
It is hard to believe two years have passed since I left Beijing for Japan.
Well, I was married, Lucy was on the way.
The mechanism by which brain cells store memories is not clearly understood.
The differences are greater with respect to tasks that require understanding and interpretation, except in Denmark.
11-29 July 2011
ProGres was being used not only for capturing basic personal data, it also served the proper management of assistance, RSD, resettlement and voluntary repatriation.
The people are different, too.
A. Principles
The existence of blood stains was not recorded in any of the procedural documents drawn up on 11 July 2000.
2. The present report is submitted as we celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the establishment of the mandate of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights but continue to witness horrific conflicts in various parts of the world.
Liyang Subdistrict, Li County
 NGOs, especially in Eastern and Central Europe, have often played a leading role in mobilizing government action and public support for breast-feeding.
I wish I could remember the first day,   First hour, first moment of your meeting me,
Annex VI
A/59/290 Item 132 of the provisional agenda - - Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor - - Budget for the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor for the period from 1 July 2004 to 30 June 2005 - - Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
International Conference on Chemicals Management
Furthermore, UNHCR's contribution to international NGO headquarters support costs was increased from 5 to 7 per cent, effective July 2007.
Problems arise when Martha, the family dog, learns to speak after eating alphabet soup.
EVery abundance time I feel exhausted by the demors of my trade, I near my eyes or dream of these abode.
Draft resolution on follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, submitted by the Chairman
Andorra, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Canada, Croatia, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Georgia, Italy, Japan, Norway, Peru, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Senegal, Slovakia, Spain, Thailand, Tunisia, Ukraine, Uruguay and Venezuela subsequently joined the sponsors.
What laws and practical controls and surveillance measures exist to ensure that funds and other economic resources collected for religious, charitable or cultural purposes are not diverted for other purposes, particularly for financing terrorism?
Article 66. Violation of this set of regulations will be punished in accordance with the provisions of the Customs Law, Detailed Rules of Implementation of Administrative Punishment of the Customs Law of the People's Republic of China, and other related laws and administrative regulations.
These principles have been among the cornerstones of Hong Kong's economic success, which has played an important role in enabling Hong Kong to become an equitable and caring society.
Impacts of climate change on agriculture
 It is encouraged however by the Secretary-General's report that the United Nations system, working with humanitarian agencies, has now been able significantly to increase the rate of delivery of relief aid to all parts of the country.
The database is complemented by online resources and tools that offer tips, practical suggestions and guidelines for funding and proposal writing.
Enduring barriers to international cooperation need to be identified and overcome.
He poured it out, and handed me a cup.
The leaders of Australia and Thailand also made similar remarks today.
Did he say where he was going after he talked to you?
10. Also recalls Human Rights Council resolution 19/9 of 22 March 2012, entitled "Birth registration and the right of everyone to recognition everywhere as a person before the law",
This also makes urban transport increasingly vulnerable to oil price instability and supply shocks (Energy Information Administration, 2007).
A. Indigenous juridical systems under international law 11 - 13 5
Everything about her was sweet, pale, like honey.
It is to be noted that the proceedings before the Court of Appeal concerned the question whether the divisional court should or should not grant an order, by way of judicial review, against the Commission requiring it to appoint a Board of Enquiry pursuant to the Human Rights Code.
8. The Chairman of the Commission on Human Rights said that the Sub—Commission, as an advisory body of the Commission, had a central role to play by making recommendations to the Commission for the enhancement of its effectiveness and clearly specifying its unique contribution in the form of working groups, comprehensive studies for the benefit of human rights bodies, especially the treaty bodies, and work on country situations that were not under consideration by the Commission.
The pollution of pulping and papermaking  industry has caused serious destroy on environment.
Topchikhinsky District
Conclusions Urodynamic examination is very important in evaluating the detrusor function, the causes of urination disorders, the choice of medication and operative indications.
According to witnesses and surveillance cameras, two Israeli settlers pulled up in a grey car and violently forced young Mohammed into their car.
Mapframe
It is natural a fish to swim.
I.4 Target population groups eligible for the programmes:
ODHIKAR: Coalition for Human Rights
"Sometimes they are the government, sometimes they are a company, " Yang said of her wily state-owned adversary.
(b) Harmful practices affecting children, in particular girls, including dowry disputes, initiation rites such as scarification, and rites regarding the training of girls in voodoo priesthood, which were already a matter of concern for the Committee in 2005 (CRC/C/15/Add.255, paras. 56-57), persist in the State party;
HF equipment
In OCR, the displacement of link beyond the edges of a printed character.
When requesting medical attention, he was told that he would only be able to see a doctor if he signed several blank sheets of paper.
The scenario assumes (i) a 30 per cent cut in all public expenditure below the levels assumed in the baseline scenario in 2006 and 2007; (ii) an increase of up to 150 per cent in goods mobility restrictions above baseline levels; (iii) a 10 per cent increase in labour mobility restrictions above baseline levels; and (iv) a reduction of up to 30 per cent in net current transfers below baseline levels.
The man who can make hard things easy is the educator.
As a competent driver it might not be the most effective way to turn quickly while reverse parking, but they'll get to that later.
synecdocheThe Great Wall was made not only of stones and earth, but of the flesh and blood of millions of men
Quickly extend to the Toyota, have already caused not a few misgivings in the industry.
NGO statements
Remember: Whatever happens, happens for reason.
The schools include Rongcheng Garden Campus of Lu'an Road Primary School, Shangdian Primary School and Wuyi Primary School.
Social Psychology's Analysis about Undergraduates with Learning Difficulties--Based on the Theory of Cognitive Dissonance
(c) Improved working environment
Very often, we have to conquer ourselves first when marching forward.
This action makes him betray the pure form of moral law and compromise his desire.
China has basicly solved the food problem presently and become relative oversuply
Among those likely to do so are Britain and Switzerland, she reckons.
317. It was also noted that although the fourth annual progress report of the Secretary-General (A/68/637 and Corr.1) set out timelines for the preparation of the supply chain implementation plan and the supply chain management policy by the first quarter and second quarter of 2014, respectively, the global field support strategy programme implementation plan set timelines for various activities under supply chain reforms, as shown below.
Catochrysops
Benjamin Starke says living away from home as an adolescent was difficult.
The WHO/Pan American Health Organization (PAHO) took the initiative to develop new software, the Humanitarian Logistics Support System (LSS), jointly with WFP and other United Nations organizations with financial support from the Government of Sweden together with other donors.
∙ African Commission on Human Rights, Gambia.
7. Functional illiteracy is much higher, but no gender-disaggregated data is available to evaluate it.
Despite doubts as to the feasibility of this plan, we can now affirm that we will be fulfilling our commitments ahead of time.
He said that under normal circumstances he would be willing to see struggling companies fail.
On the eve of the founding of New China some Westerners predicted that the Chinese government would not be able to solve the problem of feeding the country's population.
394. The Committee strongly recommends that the State party make an increased effort in promoting affirmative measures in the field of education and training.
Peterson was let go after less than two years.
Thank you for using our program where your computer modem accesses the best sex on the Net with no credit card necessary.
Second, promoting mutually beneficial cooperation to provide fresh impetus for the joint development of the two countries.
46. Cuba recently presented its periodic reports to the Committee on the Rights of the Child and to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination.
Identification of processes for the full engagement of stakeholders;
I ran into her in the bookshop.
Ghana
(c) Establish transparent and regular consultations, both through formal and informal links with non-governmental organizations, in particular women's associations and women's human rights defenders, in order to promote a participatory and constructive dialogue with them in the pursuit of gender equality.
But if China slows down sharply the rand could take a hit too.
Even if must use four vanguards, Guadiaola  substitution  of players is also worth discussing.
- He won't stop. - Why not?
International designation: 1989-080B
Such selection shall be subject to the agreement of the Government or Governments.
Please also provide information on measures taken to improve the quality of education for girls and women living in remote areas, in particular those belonging to indigenous groups and other disadvantaged groups such as students with disabilities.
Mr. Davidson L. Hepburn
That is a dramatic switch from 1995, when Match was born.
I got to get out of here.
At the same time, protectionist pressures, which are currently evident in the case of agriculture, textiles and clothing, Mode 4 of the GATS and outsourcing, should be effectively confronted.
Pearl River Delta Cultural Information Net
In this image I wanted to capture a moment of the rage of Red Hulk but with the look of comic books.
overseas leave overseas office
This participation reflects our commitment to peace anywhere in the world, which we reaffirm today.
Even the strongest man needs friends.
Mine action
Next morning, four of us directly heading to the southwest, accompanied by beautiful and a little bit desert landscape of the midlands and the west coast lines.
The Republic of Korea remains fully committed to a strong and effective United Nations that can make our world safer, more secure, more prosperous and more peaceful.
The exercise of universal jurisdiction was supplementary to the territorial, personal and protective jurisdiction of a State and arose only in the absence of a link between the prosecuting State and the place where the crime had been committed, the nationality of the perpetrator or the victim or the interests of the injured State.
The lions, too, are disappointed.
You still mad at me for coming on the trip?
in the case of a development scheme, application is made to him not later than 12 months after the approval by the Chief Executive in Council under section 9 of the Town Planning Ordinance (Cap. 131) of the plan prepared under section 22(3)(a);
Note verbale dated 8 March 2005 from the Permanent Mission of Bolivia to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
If the crisis continues, not only will it impede the Agency's ability to deliver certain services on time but it will also increase the cost of delivery of those services.
Egypt
The reports submitted by the Secretary-General under agenda items 42 and 43 (A/60/259 and A/60/201) have fully affirmed the active involvement of governments, NGOs and academic institutions in the UN process of dialogue among civilizations and culture of peace, highly appraised contributions made by the UNESCO in this regard, and put forward new recommendations for future work.
Noting the statements and actions of the Agency concerning non-compliance by Iraq with its non-proliferation obligations,
Table 24
Implement procedures to ensure that amounts disclosed in the financial statements are fully supported by relevant schedules; strengthen the validation process for unliquidated obligations
Practice of States and international organizations in registering space objects
52. Details on the status of contributions to, and the financial situation of, UNITAR were provided in the annex to the report.
3.5 Operative paragraph 7
 Sustainable land and water resources development is inextricably linked to the formulation of socio-economic policies and programmes aimed at economic growth and poverty reduction.
Braço do Trombudo
"But it can rob you of your self-confidence if you don't do it.
A. Executive Direction and Management
1.15 - 2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C (NLB)
He also indicated that he desired to elicit the support and assistance of the United Nations in that enterprise.
Let me now touch on issues that are especially dear to our heart.
But Mubarak has never enacted the law essential to implementing this article or appointed a vice-president, despite repeated popular demands to do so.
8. Most disputes that arise in any society are not handled through the court system
It is a place of subsistence farming, where four-fifths are poor and a few are very rich.
29. The Special Committee stresses the need to ensure the unity of command of United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Working Group on Indigenous Populations of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, and the International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People
Egypt stated that three Special Rapporteurs noted discriminatory provisions in German laws, especially vis-à-vis Organisation of Islamic Conference member States' nationals applying for citizenship.
250. As regards women's own perceptions of their social status, even in areas governed by gender-equality legislation or regulations, women, who have long internalized their inferiority to men, deem that legislation to be antisocial; so, to keep the peace and maintain social cohesion, they surrender their rights and their demands that those rights be respected.
The film talks about a famous actor named Dick . Dick is from a rich family.
A: I will receive a Bachelor's degree
186. A view was expressed that the text of the section gave excessive attention to activities related to transnational organized crime over activities on crime prevention and criminal justice, which were the primary mandates of the Programme.
109. Law enforcement activities in south Asia will have a subregional dimension.
Relevance of the objectives to the objectives of the PFM
Let us declare our enduring solidarity with the survivors.
Has its roots in classical industrial engineering.
Improvements are needed in the coordination of external aid both among donors and with domestic recipients.
The system calculates net requirements for all the requirement quantities that are to be planned.
Don't get in a flap.
Progress M-59 (launched by a Soyuz carrier rocket from the Baikonur launch site)
Charlie, let me tell you something.
(b) (i) Increased number of collaborative initiatives involving member States, civil society or other key development partners from East and North-East Asia facilitated by ESCAP
It is highly likely our weapons will do lethal damage Guess the truth serum wore off.
23. JS1 noted that trafficking of women to Switzerland represents a severe violation of human rights.
Table 3b below reflects in reality the actual changes in geographical distribution if national officers are not included in 2005 as was done in previous years.
Consequently, I ask for an extension of the terms of office of Judge William H. Sekule, Judge Solomy Balungi Bossa and Judge Mparany Rajohnson until 31 December 2012, or until the completion of the Ngirabatware case, if sooner.
3. Educational outreach to youth
57. Not only does the IPoA consider the graduation of countries from the LDC category, and their smooth transition, as key objectives, but it also views them as operational issues.
Shipments for approved companies, transported by approved carriers using registered drivers, will be cleared with greater speed and certainty, and at a reduced cost of compliance.
Will to power 1005 says that Schopenhauer, quote: did not understand how to deify the will.
On 29 April, the Council received a briefing from the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations on the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID).
Hence, all responsible States should move expeditiously to introduce procedural mechanisms permitting the imposition of such controls.
(a) The number of complaints received and the number of notices put up under section 6(1) of the Land (Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance by the Lands Department (LandsD) over the past three years are as follows:
ODCCP Office of Drug Control and Crime Prevention
41. In taking those decisions, the Special Committee took into account the provisions of the relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolution 54/91, in paragraph 8 (c) of which the Assembly requested the Special Committee to continue to pay special attention to the small Territories, in particular through the dispatch of regular visiting missions, and to recommend to the Assembly the most suitable steps to be taken to enable the populations of those Territories to exercise their right to self-determination, including independence.
It also shows that in the current international circumstances the Conference will continue to promote multilateral arms control and disarmament, and contribute to international peace and security.
How do I clean up my hard disk?
273. The support for the women's employment remains one of the most important goals to be reached by the Italian Government.
Coffee culture in China is more a symbol of lifestyle than anything else.
UNCTAD (1990) “Transfer and Development of Technology in the Least Developed Countries: An Assessment of Major Policy Issues”, UNCTAD/ITP/TEC/12.
Domagoj Margetić
UN 1422 Add ", LIQUID" in column 2 and replace "P403" with "P402" in column 8.
The dialogue was built on the fact that both systems involve independent experts with thematic mandates who conduct country visits, draft thematic reports, undertake substantive research and develop and interpret human rights standards.
In closing, my delegation reiterates the importance of interaction and close partnership between the United Nations and regional and other international organizations, with a view to reinforcing each other's capacities and achieving synergistic outcomes.
The gender-specific family division of labour also leads to very different incomes and careers during a working life.
A wise man will hear and increase in learning, And a man of understanding will acquire wise counsel,
My country hosts the project's secretariat and participates in its activities, as do the four other countries.
That did not interest him.
A common complaint by investors is that they have been given "the run around" and bounced from office to office, with no one willing to address their problem.
Mrs. Carmen Maria Gallardo Hernández
Tool
A necessary, but not sufficient condition for an anti-corruption climate is the right system of legal incentives.
8. Although, in accordance with the Tribunal's Financial Regulations, the proposed budget for the financial period 2007-2008 is presented in euros, it should be noted that the United States dollar remains the reference currency for some budget lines, such as judges' allowances, judges' common costs, judges' pension scheme and representation allowance.
How could I presume that this lusty fellow aspired to play with my body and spoil my chastity.
What most people are missing is inspiration, and the conviction that they are doing something good, that might change the lives of others.
The ACC Subcommittee on Statistical Activities held its thirty-fourth session at Washington, D.C., from 20 to 22 September 2000.
(c) To approve the following criteria for the selection of representative schools:
Rachel: She has got so much going on we-we have only two options.
16. In addition to the African country Parties, 20 developed country Parties, 10 United Nations system organizations and 11 other intergovernmental organizations submitted their reports on measures taken to implement the Convention in Africa.
At the same time, you can rest assured that my delegation will render its full support and cooperation to our common endeavours towards a more secure world.
6. By its decision 2006/256 of 27 July 2006, the Economic and Social Council had taken note of a draft resolution entitled "Strengthening the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme and the role of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice as its governing body" and decided to transmit it to the General Assembly.
That's what I thought it was. Let's go.
3. Draws attention to the procedures available to Governments and to the intergovernmental organizations referred to in article 4 of the Instrument to become parties to the International Instrument of Cooperation on Jute and Jute Products, 2000, and invites them to deposit the appropriate instruments to this end.
SRI recommended that the government implement social, educational and legal safeguards to protect women from rape, and to ensure that women who have been raped receive the full protection of the law.
We wish to express our appreciation to Ambassador Nassir Abdulaziz AlNasser of Qatar, President of the Security Council, for his comprehensive introduction of the annual report of the Council.
It appreciates the open and constructive dialogue with the representatives of the State party and the additional information provided orally.
The seminar was an opportunity to share lessons learned from the IPPAS missions and to encourage all States that had not yet done so to host such missions.
Requests the secretariat, subject to the availability of supplementary funding, to organize a workshop before the twenty-eighth session of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation to consider and discuss the information provided by Parties in the submissions referred to in paragraph 6 above, and to prepare a report on this workshop for consideration by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation at its twenty-eighth session;
The world above the sea seemed like a great place.
Other postgraduate courses:
2. The Fifth Committee should receive the original Joint Inspection Unit budget submission with CEB and Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions comments.
TD/B/COM.1/42 Report of the Expert Meeting on Energy Services in
This adjustment reduced the affected Member State's average debt-adjusted GNI by the percentage that its average debt-adjusted per capita GNI was below the threshold multiplied by the gradient (80 per cent).
Under this Draft-Law, legal and natural persons are prohibited to:
 A detailed analysis of the situation with regard to Bulgaria is contained also in our national communication on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/58 E addressed to the Secretary-General and circulated as an official document of the General Assembly and the Security Council (A/51/330-S/1996/721).
Mother thought of hiding in the cellar to the pears, pear immediately taken under the cellar, after peeling a cooking crystal sugar bowl.
Clothes are widely viewed as the least loved of corporate freebies
Chronic NOEC or ECx (for algae or other aquatic plants)
(a) Promote cross-sectoral coordination.
The present note reproduces comments on the draft addendum to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects received subsequently to the comments reproduced in documents A/CN.9/533 and Adds.1 and 2.
Li Lei sits between Daniel and Amy.
Its multiethnic and multicultural composition affords it a remarkable level of political, religious and racial tolerance.
Note Motor weight not included in weight. Regarding foundation load, the dynamic load coeffciency is 1.2.
Mexico City/New York/ Mexico City
Primary School Affiliated to Hefei Normal University High School Affiliated to Anhui Agricultural University
This verification approach should be defined and documented.
Sixtieth session
Cooperation between headquarters departments and regional commissions The General Assembly takes note of the note by the Secretary-General on cooperation between headquarters departments and regional commissions and of the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
Private Fundraising and Partnerships: Private fund-raising business plan for 2008-2010
Tangshan Jidong Cement rose by the daily limit of 10% in Shenzhen to close at 18.81 yuan.
While taking into account the fact that funding of grantees is subject to the availability of funds on a yearly basis, the Board approved the principle of multi-year funding, which would be decided upon in conjunction with certain criteria.
We have also adopted a law to prevent and suppress the financing of terrorism, as well as a new law to regulate the process of extradition.
These words, spoken by United States President Harry Truman, are as urgent today as they were back in 1945.
6. Denmark finds it very important that research in this area fully respects human dignity, freedom, and human rights, as stated in the resolution, and finds that this aim can best be realized through contributions from the social sciences and the humanities.
[The elaboration of this Rule (and related rules) will need to be undertaken in light of the approach taken on the issue of the Indictment Chamber in article 37 of the ILC Statute.
UNODC has continually drawn the attention of the international community to the threat of drug trafficking and organized crime in West Africa and its global impact, notably on the occasion of high-level meetings in New York, Brussels and other European capitals.
The provisions of article 18 of this Law shall apply mutatis mutandis to the pre-selection proceedings, except to the extent that those provisions are derogated from in this paragraph:
Figure 3. E-commerce as an e-business process
Top-notch car audio specialists will weigh all the factors and consider all enclosure types before recommending a subwoofer system.
Newspaper reporters have been asking about the missing child all day.
For example, some countries reported reducing the time necessary for certain procedures and improving their score in the World Bank's "Doing Business" report.
55. ECLAC provided technical advice for the 1990 round of censuses in the region. It included the preparation of census questionnaires, taking experimental censuses, and the use of population information at subnational levels.
52. The Office liased regularly with the media in Cambodia, with both the local Englishlanguage newspapers and the Khmer press and wire services.
255. For the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Brazil adopted three fundamental lines: (a) coordination of across-the-border policies for social inclusion and the promotion of rights and citizenship, with emphasis on human rights; (b) treatment of social inclusion from the standpoint of the fight against hunger and poverty: and (c) promotion of a dialogue with organized civil society and strengthening of social control over government policies and actions.
Well, all that was useless
B. Policy issues
Perhaps... you can use this to indicate possibility.
And Im not fearing any man.
25. These findings highlight a basic dilemma that is being faced by UNIDO technical cooperation activities.
Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on the Examination and Ratification of Short-term Foreign Debt Quotas 2005 of Foreign-funded Banks within China (No.4 [2005] of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on January 26, 2005) Branches and foreign exchange administrative departments of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in all provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, and branches of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in the Cities of Shenzhen, Dalian, Qingdao, Xiamen and Ningbo, In accordance with the Administrative Measures for Foreign Debts of Foreign-funded Banks within China (hereinafter referred o as the Measures), you are hereby notified of the following issues concerning the examination and ratification of short-term foreign debt quotas for the year 2005: I.
To share experiences in monitoring and evaluating capacity-building activities by Parties, multilateral and bilateral agencies, and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations; and to enhance the effectiveness of capacity-building through the sharing of experiences, lessons learned and best practices on the use of results of monitoring and evaluation
In a pilot project near the village of Gwira Banso in Ghana, the right to exploit the timer resources of a 16,000 hectares (ha) off-reserve forest has been shared between the de jure owner, Ghana Primewood Products Ltd., and the de facto users, the local village with the joint partnership of the foreign commercial timber trade partner and official development assistance for private sector development.
Only through a spirit of genuine partnership, however, could the necessary political will and commitment be mobilized to achieve the common objectives of durable peace and prosperity for all.
Informal briefing for delegations on renewable energy (organized by the Division for Sustainable Development, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, in collaboration with the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) and the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP))
The Group of Experts conducted an inspection of aircraft stored in Bouaké under Forces nouvelles control on 9 August 2006.
His delegation was ready to consider various ideas, including the proposal to establish an international global migration facility.
In any event, Mr Bush's influence since Annapolis seems to have been marginal.
Messages were received from the Governments of the United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay and Zimbabwe.
Minimum age for employment of children
(d) Inadequate training and education efforts, especially among poor, rural and elderly populations. Frank La Rue
61. At the 3rd meeting of the Fourth Committee on 5 October 2010, the then President of the Government of New Caledonia and a Kanak petitioner addressed the Committee.
MONUA
This standard was met when the commission obtained a reliable body of evidence, consistent with other information, indicating the occurrence of a particular incident or event.
The Panel notes that the replacement cost estimate relied upon by MoD was obtained from the original shipbuilder, and without competitive procurement procedures.
B-200 (Beachcraft)
Therefore the paper discusses the supply chain profits and Supply Chain Profit Distribution based on recent research results which are related to the supply chain.
As Seneca says in tip # 5: how the other person responds - what s/he says or feels - isn’t your responsibility.
Thus the lower court's judgement was upheld on appeal.
We are deeply concerned about the number of reliable reports detailing the practice of torture around the world.
All these factories are pulling together for the production of the new equipment.
High-level segment: annual ministerial review
With each year that goes by the concepts of finance are being applied more broadly and involving more and more people.
Blade
Panama
Accurate collision detection plays the crucial role to enhance the authenticity and timeliness of the animation scenes.
General debate of the high-level segment
At the end of 2013, the e-Agriculture Community had grown to over 10,900 registered individuals from more than 170 countries.
This, however, requires an adequate understanding of those interests and a willingness to cooperate on the basis of mutual trust, which should be a given within the European family.
The Special Rapporteur advances tentative conclusions on these preliminary questions in the form of draft guidelines.
21. During the second year of the financial period [the relevant institution] [the United Nations] shall provide the Parties with an interim statement of accounts for the first year of the financial period.
Beckham's wife, Victoria, arrived by private jet on Tuesday afternoon at a snowy Turku airport.
I know that was hard, but you did the right thing.
Then put down the gun.
Local sources linked to urban growth, transportation systems, industrialization, and insufficient awareness and shortage of institutional capabilities also contribute to the relatively low quality of the air and inadequate control.
Asia (donor)
Approve annual work plan and finance budget and final account .
Implementation of the project on reduction of environmental impacts from tropical shrimp trawling, through introduction of by-catch technologies and change of management, aims to reduce discard and by-catch.
Legality of Use of Force (Yugoslavia v. France)
Albania
Health standard for dust containing more than 80 % free silica in the air of workplace.
Saif Al Qaydi (United Arab Emirates)
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Naqurah.
Girls and boys between the ages of three and six remain in school full-time, in an environment where they are taught ethical and spiritual principles and are exposed to the "Pedagogy of Affection".
 For this reason, the international community must encourage and support those brothers at war who have opted for the path of dialogue to build peace.
As at 31 December 2012, UN-Women had total assets of $389.9 million and total liabilities of $114 million.
These groups, which benefited from the flow of arms emanating from the looted Libyan and later Malian military depots subsequently extended their control to all three northern regions of Mali (Gao, Kidal and Timbuktu).
(a) To promote and facilitate the implementation of the Safety Framework for Nuclear Power Source Applications in Outer Space by providing information pertinent to challenges faced by member States and international intergovernmental organizations, in particular those considering or initiating involvement in applications of nuclear power sources (NPS) in outer space;
Many regional fishery management organizations and arrangements are not mandated to impose legally binding obligations and instead serve as scientific advisory bodies.
The unexpected Crimea crisis, anxiety about Russia’s intentions in the region, and Western sanctions have further unnerved already skittish investors.
The dismantling of a nuclear reprocessing plant caused a leak of radioactivity yesterday.
Yet, besides the PAP, six small parties contested this poll.
To facilitate the change process, the Ethics Office intends to provide staff with a clear understanding of its role and encourage them to avail themselves of the services and resources at their disposal.
Differences arising from the conversion of currencies at the United Nations rate of exchange are accounted for as gain or loss on exchange.
When he saw the $5,000 left in one of the drawers this morning, he quickly pocketed it and continued to search other drawers. I watched his unusual moves, and stared at the boil on his neck.
Table IS3.23 Post requirements
3. Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its fiftysecond session.
A reduced daily MSA rate of $43 is applied accordingly.
There are very frequent in livestock transactions a year, livestock market development of the best.
Delegations are requested to fax their credentials to the secretariat of UNICEF (212-326-7096) as soon as possible, but no later than 14 January 1999.
Arms Trade Treaty
In his opening speech at the three-day IOC session on the eve of the Beijing Games, Rogge said that his organization respect protests and freedom of expression, but violence is against the Olympic spirit.
(i) Increased cooperation among international organizations on the questions of standards, classifications, definitions, concrete national data sets, data collection and data processing.
Also, tactical doctrine was inflexible and did not account for the rapid German advance.
Ayoung man, while traveling through a desert, come across a spring of clear water. Thewater was sweet.
Enanionmerically pure aminoacids play an increasingly important role as intermediates in the pharmaceutical industry and agochemistry.
He called for a wider presence of experts from developing countries at those meetings.
And those are scanty stand at the intranet that be on guard almost sure meeting " experience accident " .
With a view to resuming our work as soon as possible, the Chilean delegation has always shown flexibility.
2.1.2 Internal Control in computer-based business systems
Byelorussian SSR 32, Greece 27
They will have no word more to say in the matter， nor will I speak again of all the wrong that my mother has endured.”
The Report of the High-level Panel on System-wide Coherence, issued in November 2006, expanded on the joint office concept and proposed the `One UN' model, which enlarged the original joint office vision of one leader, one programme, and one office by adding a fourth dimension: one budgetary framework.
He then went on to win many votes in other primaries.
The Conference undertook to strengthen the Treaty, to achieve its universality, to adopt principles and objectives to address the implementation of the Treaty, and to establish a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East.
The company may establish subsidiary companies, which have the status of enterprise legal persons and bear civil liabilities independently in accordance with the law.
One of the most common findings with portal hypertension is splenomegaly as seen here.
She worked as a typist in a law firm.
5. Within the international agenda on food security, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD), with its 194 Parties working on soils and land issues, has a key role to play in urging Governments to develop national policies and to increase investments in SLM technologies and practices to restore the productivity of degraded land, reduce rural poverty and improve national food security.
INTEGRATION OF THE HUMAN RIGHTS OF WOMEN AND A GENDER PERSPECTIVE
Professor Scholes is widely known for his seminal work on options pricing, capital markets, tax policies and the financial services industry. He co-developed the Black-Scholes options pricing model, which is the basis of pricing and risk-management technology used to value and manage the risk of financial instruments around the world.
The achievements of recent decades are in jeopardy.
Place all ingredients in a glass bowl and with a hand mixer (or blender) blend until smooth and creamy.
The United Nations Mine Action Service is the office within the United Nations Secretariat responsible for the development and maintenance of international mine-action standards (IMAS).
Recalling with appreciation the explanation for its deviations submitted by Turkey, which indicated that the bromochloromethane it had consumed had been used in the production of sultamicillin,
In fact, the fight against terrorism has turned into a major subject of debate - if not the most prominent one - in the various intergovernmental forums.
(b) Availability of reports to the Security Council, the General Assembly and other intergovernmental bodies to enable fully informed decisions
Ambassador
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) reported 86 fewer anti-personnel mines retained than it had reported in 2010.
A variety of conifers and hardwoods makes up the bulk of the vegetation.
36. Should the General Assembly decide to adopt formal procedures for multi-year payment plans, it may therefore wish to decide that annual payments under such plans should equal the full amount of assessments becoming due and payable during that calendar year and a part of prior years' assessments.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee
Subtotal (regular budget)
" a friend asks, horrified.I've just revealed that my family has decided to shut the air conditioner off to save money.
Thermochemical study of the coordination reaction of zincchloride with DL-alanine
Thailand
Office of the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Yemen
Given the divergent views and rapid weakening oil demand, traders said investors had built financial positions, ahead of today's meeting which suggest they believe prices could fall as low as $50 by December.
Social agreement
It is the second fatal crash inside Russia involving an Airbus aircraft this year.
TRANSPORT, STORAGE & COMMUNICATION
To confuse intelligence and dislocate sentiment by gratuitous fictions is a short - sighted way of pursuing happiness.
It could not have happened without an empowered constituency of women and supportive men who recognized its urgency.
The programme was implemented and recently the Government presented a new proposal on an action programme, applicable to the next four years.
Additional requirements were the result of exorbitant prices for services in Liberia.
How to stimulate the workers enthusiasm sufficiently is an issue appealing to theoretical circles and practical sphere.
The little witch put a mock malignity into her beautiful eyes, and Joseph, trembling with sincere horror, hurried out, praying, and ejaculating 'wicked' as he went
Paragraphs Page
China
27. The political stability of most countries in Asia and the Pacific has enabled national planning more effectively to determine the course of development.
Liberia has submitted the required annual report to the Kimberley Process.
Mr. Clark (United States of America) noted that the value of compiling specific examples of cross-border insolvency agreements could not be overestimated.
 55. His delegation supported the Secretary-General's proposal to introduce, on 1 January 1995, a new performance appraisal system which would apply to all staff.
e. g. My uncle bought a new bike for me as my birthday present.
4. Encourages Member States, particularly the affected States, as necessary, to facilitate the studies and research referred to in paragraph 3 above;
The more interesting question is: How will our lawyers be of more help and collaboration with your businessmen?
Nerves pass messages to and from the brain.
67. The sponsor also observed that, while the function of the Board of Administrators would be primarily to offer services to the parties or respond to requests for such services, it was the settlors chosen by the parties who would constitute the primary mechanism for the dispute settlement process.
52. Mr. Konfourou (Mali) said that the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 had highlighted the need for increased international cooperation against terrorism.
8. In 1998, the Secretary-General convened a task force on human resources management, comprising experts from the public and private sectors throughout the world, to advise him on specific measures and actions for renewal and change.
The Meeting expressed its gratitude to WFP for hosting its thirty-second session and for the excellent arrangements made for the session.
Sprining up of strategy administration accountancy together with development were introduced ;
13. UNICEF stated that a cooperation agreement to incorporate a culture of human rights into school syllabi had been signed in October 2011 between the Ministry of Education and the Arab Institute for Human Rights for the period 2011 - 2015.
Many of the offences included in the broad category of economic and financial crimes could of course also be perpetrated by legitimate companies.
Welcoming cooperation between the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and the International Maritime Organization and the outcomes of the second session of their Joint Ad Hoc Working Group on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing and Related Matters, held in Rome from 16 to 18 July 2007,
 This argument raises numerous questions, among which are the following.
Mr. F and Mr. Celal fled to their pickup.
It'soon covers the entire vault of heaven , producing a tumult of wind and rain.
The better resourcing of States facing security problems, inter alia to enable them to separate armed elements from refugee populations
This adjustment envisaged a reduction in force strength from its current level of 11,500 to approximately 5,000 troops and 260 military observers during the period from June to December 2004 and, subsequently, to 3,250 troops supported by 141 military observers by 28 February 2005.
Motor vehicle equipment -- heavy
Malta imposes sanctions for violations of export control legislation.
Currency Converter
SDP
Bahrain
Rule 19. Quorum
Old people become more worried about their health as they grow older, and about their safety if they live in big cities.
Third and fourth periodic reports of Finland (CEDAW/C/FIN/3 and CEDAW/C/FIN/4)
Moreover, the Special Adviser participated in (a) the Executive Committee on Peace and Security and the Inter-Departmental Framework Team, providing participants with guidance on genocide prevention and requesting information relevant to his mandate, (b) discussions of the Policy Committee that had a bearing upon his mandate and (c) a number of interdepartmental task forces and working groups on issues of concern to the mandate, such as those on the peacekeeping operations in the Sudan (the United Nations Mission in the Sudan) and in Côte d'Ivoire (the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire).
The Committee was informed about the programme of work.
No invention has received more praise and abuse than
Lifting the cap entirely would mean the FDIC would be guaranteeing the remaining $1.8 trillion of U.S. bank deposits.
4. Election of the President of the General Assembly.
Measures must include preventing gender-based violence, ensuring that survivors of gender-based violence can access effective remedies, and ending impunity for perpetrators.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside is a bioactive molecule effective in anticancer, antivirus, and antioxidation.
I'm looking for a young woman called Elizabeth.
Colonel Jones outranks everyone here.
Target 2008-2009: 750 inquiries
1999 009 B
A. Introduction
Fighting between the two sides began to escalate in 2006 and the rebels have lost 95 percent of its territory to the troops since then.
18. Recalls the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean on 16 May 1998 of its resolution 574 (XXVII), in which the Commission called for the mechanisms necessary for its associate members, including the Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly convened to review and assess the implementation of the plans of action of those United Nations world conferences in which the Territories had originally participated in their capacity as observers, and in the work of the Council and its subsidiary bodies;
Who said, "Let us possess for ourselves The pastures of God."
Programme for an advanced compendium of trainees; 3 new finance and budget officers trained
Some NGOs allege that the negotiations may allow the WTO to encroach upon areas of international environmental policy, allowing for the subordination of international environmental governance to economic and trade considerations.
In addition, unpaid assessed contributions continue to be heavily concentrated among a few Member States, making the final outcome for 2009 dependant in large measure on the action that will be taken by those particular Member States.
1. Address by His Excellency Mr. Hâmid Karzai, President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
Social policy formulated and analytical capacity strengthened.
191. ICAO expressed its concern that the text as drafted could compromise the safety of international air navigation by permitting the designation of air routes independent of ICAO-approved air routes and by granting IMO jurisdiction over all normal passage routes used for international navigation as well as for overflight.
20. In accordance with Article 14(1) of Amended Protocol II to the CCW Convention, Germany has taken all appropriate steps to prevent and suppress violations of this Protocol.
They can also unfairly tarnish the image of troop- or police-contributing countries.
 While that was not a very satisfactory solution, it was a well-known problem affecting most rules of international law given the current organization of the international community.
Haruto Umezawa
Some of the States members of the Security Council then refused to allow all six Libyan air ambulance aircraft to be used, and approval was given for only two of them.
It is neither in competition with, nor exclusive of, other countries' relations with them.
Introduction 1 - 5 4
What is the point of this illustration?
54. As efforts continue for a nationwide ceasefire and for building the framework for a political dialogue, my Special Adviser will work to provide necessary support from the United Nations on critical issues in accordance with the comfort level of, at the request of and in agreement with all sides concerned.
The Director reiterated that UNHCR will not relinquish its responsibilities to refugees and will ensure that solutions are found.
The High-level Meeting had been viewed as a unique opportunity for the international community to look at rule of law issues from a commercial law point of view and to increase the knowledge of all concerned about the impact of commercial law reforms and the Commission on the promotion of the rule of law.
Living standards are bound to fall and have been kept artificially high by of the massive amount of borrowed money.
A project to bring electricity to 17 rural centres;
Deputy Head, Department for Legal Support and International Cooperation, Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Combating Economic and Corruption-Related Crime
2014 AFC U-19 Championship
Standard it will further refine the classification of waste paper recycling, produce 100 million market space.
(i) Effective and transparent financial management at the project and organizational level, contributing to the overall efficiency of UNODC;
The King Monkey is still fool Although he was captivitied in the moutain for five hundred years?
The plans derived from such programmes often allocate the land to infrastructure, tertiary urban services or nature conservation.
Xu Heng
Legal affairs and humanitarian law offices had also been established within the high commands of the army, navy and air force.
The arguments for the opposing principle had been thoroughly debated in the Working Group.
The violence and bad language in the program shocked many of the viewers.9.
36th meeting
Analysis and Improvement on the Sealing Performance of the Gate Valve in Chute
The Money Laundering (Prevention) Act has a regime under which assistance can be given to foreign countries.
When will the last train depart?
This is second only to television and newspaper advertising dollars spent only.
 On 19 August, the new Force Commander, Major-General Guy Tousignant (Canada), took over from Major-General Romeo Dallaire (Canada).
21. In the course of 2009 the Agency has translated and printed the Optional Protocol to the UN Convention on Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women with Decisions of the CEDAW Committee which contains decisions and opinions of the UN CEDAW Committee in 9 separate documents.
Annex A. Terms of reference and composition of the Security Council mission
97. The National Direction for Culture of Mozambique, in collaboration with the National Commission for UNESCO and various national and local partners, organized a series of events on improving language diversity, including a workshop at the Ministry of Education and Culture in Maputo on 21 February 2008 on the development of language policy planned by the Government.
Outside of these they did not exist for one another.
(e) The background note by the Working Group on the formulation and format of individual opinions on Committee decisions.
"I stayed for 30 minutes on the top of the mountain and took some pictures and left a picture of my dog, Pacu," Arayama said
89. The General Assembly may wish to coordinate action to increase accessibility in its services, including: (a) physical facilities; (b) information and communications technology; and (c) human resources management, such as recruiting, training and retaining staff members. Annex I
By Geoff Dyer in Beijing Friday, July 11, 2008 China's trade surplus fell by 20 per cent in June over the same month last year in a sign that the weaker global economy is having a serious impact on the country's export sector.
(a) Achieve the full implementation of the international normative framework on disability and development by encouraging the ratification and implementation of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and its Optional Protocol, as both human rights and development instruments;
With the adoption of this draft resolution, the General Assembly will have made a first step to that end, but it will be the informal working group established by the Meeting of States Parties to the Convention that will provide substantive and long-term solutions to this issue.
With the election of a new Government in my country, our Prime Minister, The Right Honourable Sir Michael Somare, recently made a nationwide address detailing some of the challenges facing our economy and what is required to put it back on the path to recovery.
40. Report of the Economic and Social Council (chapter I, chapter VII, sections B and C, and chapter IX) (P.12)14
By December 2011, UN-Habitat recorded over 1 million downloads of publications from its website, up from 867,208 in 2010.
In Washington – as in Beijing, for that matter – the temptation to approach Europe in a bilateral manner is strong and growing.
There can be no peace without development and no development without peace.
Algeria appreciated Denmark's decision not to abrogate article 266 (b) of the Criminal Code guaranteeing that racial hate and hate speech did not remain unpunished.
A substantial new formulation in the Action Plan is that violence against women is now officially categorized as a criminal act and there is at last a focus on violence against women not as single incidents but as a progressive process of continual and omnipresent psychological violence with physical violence accelerating over time.
The representative of Uganda, speaking in his capacity as Vice-President of the Board, said that consultations had been held on 30 November 1998, but it had been felt that it would not be possible to complete the task at hand in time for the Board’s nineteenth executive session, firstly because delegations needed more time to consult and secondly because the necessary interpretation facilities were not available.
[Original: English]
The Committee recalls paragraph I.27 of its first report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, in which it emphasized the need for closer cooperation among all duty stations and the regional commissions in the use of conference-servicing resources.
The [] sound. This is a vowel sound, a back vowel, which means it feels like it's coming from here in the throat, uh.
I think, though, that Ginny will have an important role to play in Voldemort's demise.
23. Also decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 1,114,100 dollars for the period from 1 March to 30 June 2007, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 61/243 of 22 December 2006, and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2007, as set out in its resolution 61/237 of 22 December 2006;
and Fast foods: Subway (spicy italian heated sandwich), McDonalds (Quarter pounder with cheese), Taco Bell (varies), etc. . .
93.5 To strike a balance in reflecting the agreed priorities of the Organization in the allocation of resources to the United Nations regular budget; which is persistently to the detriment of the development activities.
Administration of justice at the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee (A/62/597) [137]
Togo 26 October 1988
That is why I myself have turned to great thinkers and theoreticians on the issue of conflict to see if their words might be useful to us.
Rapid expansion of labour-intensive exports – observed in many Asian countries – contributes to fast growth in employment.
they are the direct outcome of reflection on the contents and objectives of the CCD, which is a universal text adopted by all the countries, and,
He is mending the wire mesh in front of the chicken coop .
E. Capacity-building elements in the work of the Climate Technology Centre and Network 35 - 36 10
Numerical simulation of backwater from bridge piers on the airport south line speedway reach
9. Reiterating the recommendation adopted at their sixth meeting on the situation of applicants concerned about factual errors following their registration, the members of the Framework recommended that, following the presidential election, the status of the approximately 55,000 applicants who were removed from the final electoral list following verification of the provisional electoral list by the Civil Registry, should be examined carefully by an ad hoc technical committee at the same time as all cases of duplication and other types of errors.
IX. Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related forms of intolerance, follow-up to and implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action 238 - 246 97
Article 32 The prescription of claim for state compensation by the claimant shall be 2 years, which shall be calculated from the day on which the act of exercising the functions and powers by the State organ and its personnel was confirmed unlawful according to law, but the period of custody shall be excluded from the limitation of time.
In health more public resources should be allocated to basic health measures such as immunization and prenatal care.
The Ministry of Education has appointed a panel for the amendment of the curriculum for non-formal education (Decision No 607/MEIED of 23/3/2007).
Cow-milk proteins are unique in that they are usually the first foreign proteins entering an infant’s gut and body, because most baby formulas are usually cow-milk based.
38. The action to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of UNOCI for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008 is indicated in paragraph 73 of the performance report (A/63/610).
viii. Fire extinguisher@
This responsibility is reflected in Millennium Development Goal 8, which is a commitment to develop a global partnership for development."
This post has been used in other organizations for efficient delivery of items that cannot or are not in electronic format.
I can face the morning
Then she saw a handsome prince. He looked like the statue in her little garden.
We offered a comprehensive analysis of that viewpoint and would be delighted to recirculate it as a further contribution to our discussion.
Deep in my soul, I've been so lonely.
In order to reduce such threats, renewed efforts on unilateral, bilateral and multilateral levels are required.
The latest review was on 6 October 1997 and the President of the Security Council informed the Secretary-General that the Council concurred with the recommendation to maintain UNIKOM until the next review by 4 April 1998 (S/1997/773).
Individual opinion of Committee members, Mr. Rafael Rivas Posada and Mr. Fabián Omar Salvioli (dissenting)
Acknowledging the excellent communication and good will that have characterized relations between Timor-Leste and Indonesia including the decision to establish a Truth and Friendship Commission, and their land border agreement signed in Dili 8 April 2005, which covers approximately 96 percent of the land border, and encouraging continued efforts by both Governments towards resolving this and all pending bilateral issues,
The policy of occupation has led to the displacement of thousands of Syrians in the Golan, with these people being left without a home and stripped of their land.
Central Synagogue
According to the Commissioner-General of UNRWA, "At the end of May 2003, a total of 1,134 homes [had] been demolished by the Israeli military in the Gaza Strip, making almost 10,000 individuals homeless.
 59. Japan submitted a report on the preserved specimens of moss from Antarctica and adjacent regions housed at the National Institute of Polar Research. 36/ These samples are catalogued and available for study by scientists.
Situation of human rights in Colombia 54 361
MICS Multiple indicator cluster survey
The Commission thus approved its substance and referred it to the drafting group.
Should several observers on the list subsequently agree to make a joint statement, the time of the chosen speaker can be extended.
Our country shares the view that the Court should be granted the necessary means and material and human resources to effectively undertake its growing workload.
On 8 June 2010, the General Assembly of OAS approved resolution AG/RES 2550, on the recognition of the International Year for People of African Descent, and reaffirmed the importance of the full, free and equal participation of people of African descent in all aspects of political, economic, social and cultural life in the counties of the Americas.
Just one moment, please, I'll check with the Assistant Manager.
CONRAD: Yes, it might be an advantage for you.
He knew that he felt dissatisfied and worried, but he did not know that these were his own forms of tenseness and fear.
Siemens' partnership with UNODC will support anti-corruption efforts in three crucial areas: reducing vulnerabilities in public procurement systems; creating legal incentives in line with the Convention against Corruption to encourage corporate integrity and cooperation; and educating current and future business and public leaders about the true costs of corruption and how compliance with the Convention can help to protect both the public good and business interests.
- Article 72: "The enumeration of rights, duties and guarantees made in this Constitution does not exclude others which are inherent in human beings or which are derived from a republican form of government";
All right  All right All right, All right, I have to hit a All right, I got to go.3.
Today, China is the world’s largest economy (based on purchasing power parity) and the largest participant in world trade, and its government has been actively promoting renminbi internationalization, such as through the relaxation of foreign-exchange regulations.
Malawi
In 1998, Education and Manpower Bureau issued Information Technology for Learning in a New Era: Five-Year Strategy 1998/99 to 2002/03 to introduce IT into education.
Moreover, unlike in the case of Israel, the radical wing in Palestine represents the democratic majority, as it emerged victorious from the elections two years ago.
for the Law brings about wrath, but where there is no law, there also is no violation.
They will certainly have to stump up more capital to trade, making the market less attractive.
3.2 The authors point out that, according to the Committee's jurisprudence, the mere fact of being subjected to enforced disappearance constitutes inhuman or degrading treatment.
United Nations publication.
It seems human to me.
In March 2011, the Chair of the ICT Advisory Group wrote to the Chief Information Technology Officer setting out his concerns on the role and effectiveness of the ICT Advisory Group.
55. Financial services should be strengthened for poor households, women and micro-, small and medium-sized enterprises, including in rural areas.
They set rumours afloat about her.
50. The UNEP Regional Office for Latin America and the Caribbean is not involved in any projects with SELA.
It indicates that the material submitted is out of date and refers to recent substantial improvements in the Pennsylvania prisons, particularly in the conditions of incarceration of inmates under sentence of death.
The time limits for prosecution of offences of a racist or anti-Semitic nature carried out in the press have been extended in order to facilitate prosecution.
Sub-item (a): Report and draft decisions
The Commission further emphasized that the participation of developing countries in the international economic decision-making process needs to be broadened and strengthened.
While it is clear that we will not achieve that objective this year, we must not diminish what has been achieved.
GPS Multi-Antenna Data Acquisition and Control System
Mr. Bounsoum VANHAHEUANG, Transport Savannakhet
10. Expresses its continuing support for the Secretary-General's ongoing cooperation with the Chairman-in-Office of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE) in efforts to bring peace to Georgia and elsewhere in the region;
It was true that the administering Power was helping and supporting the peoples of the Pacific region, assisting in the enhancement of their human rights and in their progress towards self-determination.
(b) Improved targeting of poor ensured
Total 535 children
The Chairman: I shall now call on those delegations wishing to explain their positions or votes after the taking of decisions on draft resolutions A/C.1/58/L.37 and A/C.1/58/L.41.
 These are all good examples of cooperation, mutual assistance and the most efficient use of limited resources.
Mathilde.Surely you can tell an old friend
The Bush's had a tradition of going into politics but making their money first.
 (a) Two (2) boats for patrol purposes from Italy (which have been described by the Italian authorities as "rubber dinghies") through the entry point of Rusumo, Rwanda, through the port of Dar es Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania;
American Samoans travel very frequently by air.
If the moon were, for instance, over the site of Miami, there would be a tidal bulge there and also on near the west coast of Australia
When that in over, you, sir, can return to Paris, while your wife passes the time of her mourning with her mother-in-law.
The specialists and spokespersons for the public who took part in the discussion were unable to reach common ground on the main provisions of the draft law or on the question of moving the bill forward.
as a monumental Tibetan translator, his rediscovery of an anonymous Manchu version of the Elements of Geometry.
17. Economic and social development in Asia and the Pacific
tunisienne Union of Arab Jurists
In addition, the third High-level Forum on Global Geospatial Information Management will be held in Beijing in October 2014.
Multiple levels of the software stack are moving toward the same SOA model.
At its eighth session, in decision GC.8/Dec.20, the General Conference decided that its ninth session should be held in Vienna from 3 to 7 December 2001.
During the war in Europe, the Army shipped thousands of men.
Preshrunk silk shirts. Quick kiss
The ADB's growing pessimism about the regional economy confirms that it has rejected the theory that emerged last year that Asian economies had "decoupled" from the rest of the world and could continue growing even in the face of a US recessio Mr Kuroda’s warning came as Goldman Sachs lowered its growth forecast for the region to 8.3 per cent from 8.6 percent.
We both have a lot at stake.
Kōya Hijiri
This can first be achieved by the conclusion of peace agreements between Israel and its neighbours: Lebanon, Jordan and Syria.
I will mold him in my own graven image.
126. The discussion on matters relating to article 319 of the Convention had been resumed by the Meeting.
In 2002, some 335.52 million women were employed, or 45.5 percent of the total female population.
But GEO-4 underlines that a green economy will remain elusive if the wider issues are ignored and we continue to run down our natural and nature-based capital.
Disability issues also have a prominent place in the Office of the President.
1113. Law No. 600, the Equal Opportunities for Disabled Persons Act, contains a specific section on access to culture, sport and recreational activities that makes special mention of the technical requirements and the infrastructural modifications that have to be made to guarantee to persons with disabilities the right to enjoy art and culture and to participate in them.[179]
As at 22 June 2007, the qualified opinion amounted to $5.4 million and 2 per cent of the total value.
" "If a party applies for enforcement of a legally effective arbitral award made by an arbitral organ in the People's Republic of China handling cases involving foreign element and the opposite party or his property is not within the territory of the People's Republic of China, he may directly apply for recognition and enforcement of the award to the foreign court which has jurisdiction.
The United Kingdom Government does not consider that the elaboration of the content of the rules on countermeasures reflects the current state of customary international law, or that the draft articles represent a desirable development of it.
I am also preparing to transmit to the Assembly my recommendation concerning renewal of the mandate of MINUGUA after 31 December 1999, taking into consideration the Follow-up Commission’s revised timetable for implementation of the peace accords.
Recalling also the 1993 report of the Constitutional Commissioners, the 1996 debate on the report in the Legislative Council of the Territory, the establishment of the Constitutional Review Commission in 2004, the completion in 2005 of its report providing recommendations on internal constitutional modernization and the debate held in 2005 on the report in the Legislative Council, as well as the negotiations between the administering Power and the territorial Government, which resulted in the adoption of the new Constitution of the Territory in 2007,
Procedure 2: Submission of Application Form and Premium Assessment
Part six: Using two concrete example studies realization of city land suitability basing on GIS technique.
Agenda item
69. In paragraph 34.81 of the budget document, the Secretary-General indicates that within the United Nations system there is no single organization that looks holistically at aviation risk management with respect to the travel of staff.
In keeping with a law passed in 2002, Costa Rica agreed to establish a National Assembly of Youth charged with obtaining information on, discussing, changing and adopting public policies concerning young people, thus making it the institution most important to the youth of Costa Rica.
 Earlier this morning I had the privilege of signing the Treaty for the United Kingdom.
The dark days when imperialism could carve up the world at will are gone for ever.
In considering the provisional deadline for the submission of draft resolutions, the Commission called on Member States planning to submit draft resolutions for consideration at the fifty-first session to do so as early as possible, ideally at least one month before the beginning of the session.
(c) Support account for peacekeeping operations:
The value-added cooperation between Governments and forest-related organizations and processes within the framework of an international arrangement on forests (United Nations Forum on Forests) can have a crucial role in creating these enabling conditions.
In ice drove youth to wild dancing.
Once of the simplest and most cost effective ways to maintain a household is to put things where they belong as you go.
Cross-cutting activities
And when you have this belt, you have to seek out the best.
Article 15 The collection of Business Tax from foreign investment enterprises and foreign enterprises shall be conducted in accordance with the resolutions of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
In its first two months, the house put on three fully staged operas, all of which were well attended.
Marriage is registered at the moment when spouses declare before a competent authority that they want to get married in the manner prescribed by the Family Law which defines civil marriage as a dominant form of marriage pursuant to its Article 36.
The umbrella-species concept is often applied in forest management yet rarely tested beforehand.
In the meantime, contingency arrangements to face a possible influx of returnees into Sierra Leone are in place.
A list of participants is contained in annex I to the present report.
Everytime I remember those days, looking at each other on the roof, talking, I feel really down.
Strengthening further the Economic and Social Council, building on its recent achievements, to help it fulfil the role ascribed to it in the Charter of the United Nations as contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Nearly four weeks after the May 12 disaster, companies like Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola are still struggling with how -- and when -- to promote their products in one of their most-important growth markets.
1 to 3 months
The Code explicitly stipulates that broadcasters should seek to avoid making inaccurate or misleading claims promoting stereotypes, identifying people unnecessarily by their ethnic or religious background or making unsupported allegations that may further encourage discrimination or violence.
d Tomorrow Children NGO, Benin
Each component of the project will be graded on a scale from 1 to 5.
Twenty-nine Parties provided CH4 projections for 2000.
(f) Dissemination of information on new and advanced technology and applications;
For example, over the next 18 months, UNIFEM will be placing gender advisers in 10 countries.
Vilcabamba District, Daniel Alcides Carrión
Obama may take a multilateral approach to climate change, a topic in which the European community is particularly interested, he said.
We do not sit in judgement of those that take our lives dear ones, for that is not our role.
Tokelau is a member of the Secretariat of the Pacific Community, the Pacific Community Coastal Fisheries Programme, the Council of the University of the South Pacific, the South Pacific Regional Environment Programme and the Pacific Islands Forum Fisheries Agency.
Similarly, WFP established the Centre of Excellence against Hunger in collaboration with the Government of Brazil in November 2011, where representatives from 20 countries were trained in the Brazilian experience of sustainable school feeding programmes.
Unstable systems System bugs in all functional areas (payroll, human resources, procurement and accounts payable)
Bujar Nishani
14. The three sectors continue to be manned by the military observers, who provide the basis for UNIKOM's patrol, observation, investigation and liaison activities within the DMZ, including the Khawr Abd Allah waterway.
This inspiring neighbor of mine often set my mind working.
The total amount has been assessed on Member States.
The Committee also encourages United Nations agencies, national human rights institutions, NGOs and other competent bodies to provide it with relevant information on the legal status and prevalence of all forms of violence and progress towards their elimination.
Since 1 January 2007, the service hours of the following offices have been changed as below:
Knowledge management:
10. Payments in respect of troop obligations had been more or less current up to August 2011 for all active missions, with the exception of MINURSO, UNFICYP and UNMIL, due to insufficient cash in the special account for those missions.
Achievement in the Film of the Century Award: Sir Run Run Shaw
I can see with my eyes.
Attach letter of endorsement of the organization from the Rotarians in the project country.
Between my finger and my thumbThe squat pen rests.I'll dig with it
Statistics on Protection Facilities for Victims of Sexual Violence
Reaffirming the Hyogo Declaration,
Russia is a participant in the Proliferation Security Initiative and was a sponsor of the Group of Eight Action Plan on Non-Proliferation.
(a) Translation (in thousands of words)
The 103rd session was held from 17 October to 4 November 2011, and the 104th session from 12 to 30 March 2012.
In the multi-accused case of Milutinović et al., the six accused are charged with five counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed by Serbian forces in 15 municipalities of Kosovo in the period of 1 January to 20 June 1999.
116. In Portugal, although individual farmers continue to be mostly male, between 1999 and 2009 women ratio went up from 23% to 31%, representing about one third.
13. The Commission has accelerated the pace of its operations.
Technical assistance in counter-terrorism has expanded significantly at United Nations headquarters since 2001, but expertise and programming in countering extremism remain limited.
Do all family members agree with hosting AFS volunteer?
But my advice: don't start chasing leads today.
To verify the simulation approach simulation results and experimental results of a shunt active filter for harmonic current compensation in a three-phase system are presented.
36. In conclusion, I wish to pay tribute to my Special Representative, Mr. Joe Clark, to the Deputy Special Representative, Mr. Gustave Feissel, to the Force Commander, Brigadier-General Ahti Vartiainen, to his predecessor, Major-General Michael Minehane, and to the military and civilian personnel of UNFICYP.
But, the game theory application in agricultural economics is not quite wide still.
7 August 2009
She cast out with her classmate.
33. Reiterates the importance of providing the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme with sufficient, stable and predictable funding for the full implementation of its mandates, in conformity with the high priority accorded to it and in accordance with the increasing demand for its services, in particular with regard to the provision of increased assistance to developing countries, countries with economies in transition and countries emerging from conflict, in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice reform;
D. Advisory services and management reviews
Finally, it will build knowledge on gender equality by consolidating a global repository of evaluations on gender equality and by promoting meta-evaluations on gender equality;
The right one looks a lot better by contrast.
In that context, the credibility of the Convention is at stake.
Map animation is a new type of cartographic visualization.
Such a State should also be able to engage in development and to live in peace and stability with all States in the region, including Israel, in accordance with the Arab Peace Initiative, United Nations resolutions and other relevant international agreements and terms of reference.
125. Mr. Outlule (Botswana) said that his delegation supported the allocation of item 67 to the Third Committee, on the basis of the convincing arguments made.
The Committee remains concerned that currently there appears to be no strong national machinery.
Morocco
Federico Gastón Fernández
This offer an increasing range of facade options which might be exploited by aesthetics to create particular aesthetic effects .
They welcomed the steps for implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding on Trade Liberalization and Facilitation, signed in Brussels in 2001.
(d) Consolidation of units and redefinition of the reporting lines.
Everyone is so kind, she said to the old gentleman.
Property Service Contracts Administration
He who is not impatient is not in love.
I don't agree with Phil on many things.
and the related recommendations made by the Commission at its nineteenth session,
1 December
Provides steps for caching different portions of a page separately using the same user control.
I think of August 1991 with great tenderness and nostalgia.
6. Acknowledges that trade has an important role in ensuring the sustainable economic development of the least developed countries and that the international trade architecture should continue to be supportive of and responsive to the special needs and priorities of the least developed countries;
biggie (big deal, important)  Trust is a biggie.
Informed consents were obtained from all the eligible.
54. In 2006, CERD requested Mexico to inform it within one year of the implementation of the Committee's recommendations contained in paragraphs 11, 12 and 17 of its concluding observations.
Provision of $13,900 is made for third-party liability insurance coverage based on a monthly rate of $290 per helicopter.
36. The Meeting noted that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its thirty-fifth session, in 1998, had continued to stress the need to ensure continuous and effective consultations and coordination in the field of outer space activities among organizations within the United Nations system and the avoidance of duplication of activities (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 37).
I can express myself in good English.
 However, UNRWA's mandate, which focuses on assistance to refugees, does not extend to all Palestinians in the territories.
On 4 September, in Brussels, further technical agreements were reached under the framework of the agreement on the integrated management of crossing points, which includes the precise location of the six official crossing points, the layout of their new facilities and their support requirements.
He was a priest, a sage, and a man.
In 2005, FAO established a new regional fisheries body, the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission, and on 7 July 2006, the South Indian Ocean Fisheries Agreement was adopted (see A/61/154, paras. 187-192).
If the information is not provided within the allotted time, the Committee may wish to discuss possible follow-up action.
213. While noting the remarkable work carried out by the Uganda Human Rights Commission in the field of monitoring human rights violations, the Committee expresses its concern at the lack of a specific department dealing with children's rights.
We will integrate the goals of the present Plan of Action into our national Government policies as well as national and subnational development programmes, poverty eradication strategies, multisectoral approaches and other relevant development plans, in cooperation with relevant civil society actors, including non-governmental organizations working for and with children, as well as children, in accordance with their age and maturity, and their families.
Wednesday, 17 October, from 15:00 to 18:00: French
2. Date of birth (dd/mm/yyyy)
The Panel recommends no compensation for loss of profits.
Establishment of Associate Legal Officer (P2) post effective January 2008
“1. If the Committee receives reliable information indicating grave or systematic violations by a State Party of rights set forth in the Convention, the Committee shall invite that State Party to cooperate in the examination of the information and to this end to submit observations with regard to the information concerned.
II. Replies received from Member States*
15. Mr. Gustafik (Deputy Secretary of the Committee) said that, as in previous years, the Committee would have at its disposal "QuickPlace", a secure online shared workspace.
Clinical observation of intravenous amiodarone in patients with atrial fibrillation complicated rapid heart bate
As in the past, regular resources are received primarily from donors members of the Development Assistance Committee (DAC) of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
" He has been gone many years now, but I think of him often.
Particulars of applications for presale consent and consent to assign pending approval as at 31/8/2008
Prorated estimate based on the cost estimate for the period from 1 April to 31 July 1994.
 61. The General Assembly, in adopting the medium-term plan, decided that the narrative of the public administration and finance programme (programme 21) should be reformulated and submitted to it at its forty-sixth session (see resolution 45/253, annex).
The basic pathologic reason is absence of ganglion cells which is considered to result by environmental and genetic factors.
What if the guard starts shooting at us?
They read the agenda arrangermnet before the meeting.
It gets so sad because it is a part of the family.
An officer must know how to handle men.
'Then say it.
This crime provides also eloquent proof of the existence of the concept and strategy aimed at systematically violating Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and at ethnically cleansing the remaining Serbs, Muslims, Roma, Goranci, Turks, Egyptians and other non-Albanians by rendering support to separatism and terrorism.
It further provides in paragraph 7 that settlements effected in respect of the payments of compensation out of public funds in accordance with the conditions established by national legislation shall be recognized by the other Contracting Parties.
Obama made clear at the G-20 summit in London this week that he wants to restart relations with Russia .
The author filed an application for amparo with the Constitutional Court.
(iii) Technical material: updating, maintenance and expansion of the publication Maritime Profile of Latin America and the Caribbean (2);
The meeting rose at 6.20 p.m.
Claiming that anyone unmoved by green hysteria is thereby in need of treatment raises the Argumentum ad Hominem to new heights.
P-value
The Venusian atmosphere is too thick
Cape Fairweather
There have been a series of similar events, involving a total of 40 acts of aggression against the police security since the signing of the ceasefire on 8 April 2004.
The report indicates that the world's population reached 7.2 billion in 2014 and is expected to increase by more than 2 billion by 2050.
There are also calls for mandatory child impact assessment for legislation and policies.
At its forty-first session, the Industrial Development Board took note of the final report of the Co-Chairs of the informal working group on the future, including programmes and resources, of UNIDO (IDB.41/24) and in particular the outcome document of the informal working group entitled "Strategic Guidance Document", as contained in the annex thereto.
It encourages United Nations officials and other international commentators not to make statements that might support such a position.
In the area of transparency, UNDP places procurement notices for contracts in excess of $100,000 in its periodical, Development Business, on its web site or in the media (depending on the complexity of the project and time available for execution).
convenience [kKn'vi:niKns] n. 1.It's a great convenience to live in town
Consideration should be given to the establishment of a system of “guardian ad litem”.
INTRODUCTION
It is thought that while such traits are highly-prized in men, go-getting women are penalised for not being feminine enough and are seen as less likeable.
Odin Professional Services Company, Limited
Regrettably, despite the efforts made at the penitentiary infrastructure level, detention conditions have improved very little, owing to a dysfunction of the criminal justice system.
Moreover, WHO, when contacted by counsel denied having received any instruction from the Uzbek authorities to monitor the situation of the complainants and noted that it does not have access to prisons.
7. Decides that the next quinquennial review and appraisal of the World Programme of Action, in 2002, shall consider the issues mentioned in paragraph 4 above;
The representation of women in the security forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina at the State level is as follows:
4. Savings for mission subsistence allowance resulted from the departure of some observers before the arrival of their replacements and the rotation of 11 fewer observers for whom provision had been made for payment of subsistence allowance at the higher first 30 day rate.
No, thank you, dearest Mama. I believe I have had sufficient.
The captain answered up with energy.
The farmer may even plant a crop that he knows will fail.
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
The society is developing in unprecedented rate since Industrial Revolution.
CED International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance
Lower risk also will bring inflation expectations down and reduce interest rates, which will in turn speed up the compression of Polish government bond yields to comparable EU levels, increasing financial stability.
The programme also aims to provide a mechanism to promote interaction between IOC programmes related to ICAM and those of other international organizations between marine natural scientists and social scientists, as well as between scientists and coastal managers and policy makers.
These checkpoints divide the West Bank into four distinct areas: the north (Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem), the centre (Ramallah), the south (Hebron) and East Jerusalem.
Rock and roll is her favorite because it makes her excited.
The homepages including information and schedules are available to blind individuals and persons with sight impairment as well.
How to decrease its depletion, decrease and use more natural energy as possible are important issue in design.
Women sought out literacy courses, as they helped women to vote, to participate in workshops and to open bank accounts in their own names.
Participants were reminded of the hundreds of thousands of children who have never known peace, never been to school and never received any health care because of war and conflict.
If no opinion is issued within this time frame, the Chamber may proceed with the vote on the bill or proposal as a whole.
Direct taxation of financial services continued to be under consideration during 2010/11, with a view to avoid undermining the Territory's international competitiveness in that sector, as property taxes and value-added taxes on the purchase of goods and services were generally unpopular.
Regional Association II (Asia) consists of 35 Members in Asia.They are Islamic State of Afghanistan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Hong Kong, China; India, Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Kyrgyz Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Macau, China; Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Yemen, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Thailand, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan and The Socialist Republic of Vietnam.
However, this sector's contribution to GDP is only 30 per cent.
191. At its 44th meeting, on 26 July, the Council adopted draft decision I, entitled "Extension of the mandate of the Gender Advisory Board of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development", recommended by the Commission (see E/2011/31, chap. I, sect. B).
Even so, politicians from the two countries rarely meet.
4.1 On 18 July 2013, the author sought additional interim measures, asking the Committee to request the State party to release him from detention.
49. Areas of agreement could not be identified during the facilitation process.
As of June 2014, the response rate had declined further, with the Government replying to only 2 out of 10 urgent appeals communications.
A total of 29 persons are awaiting trial.
During the year, the average monthly weight of recyclable materials collected was 42 015 kilogrammes of waste paper, 822 kilogrammes of metal containers and 9 098 kilogrammes of plastic materials.
The hot sun is drying the ground up, and the crops can't grow.
Now, where you going to sleep?
 This can occur in several ways, such as by imposing new or modified eco-taxes, reforming the tax regime along environmental lines, or reducing economic subsidies that harm the environment; OECD countries are active in each of these areas.
171. The Conference of the Parties adopted the draft decision on the matter set out in document UNEP/CHW.11/16, subject to confirmation from the contact group on synergies and budget matters that there were sufficient funds in the budget to implement it or that it would have no budgetary implications.
In addition, there were six applications for pre-sale consent concerning commercial developments on Hong Kong Island and in Kowloon.
All values must be enclosed in a set of quotation marks (either single or double quotes).
They are determined to work urgently and intensively to bring about an end to the violence and human rights abuses, and to facilitate the launch of a Syrian-led political process leading to a transition that meets the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people and enables them independently and democratically to determine their own future.
Although she was found guilty, she continued to assert her innocence.
But we met at an intense moment in our lives and shared a real bond that I think will last forever
Study on the difference in potassium using efficiency and seed yield of spring soybean cultivars to various potassium levels were conducted in this experiment.
The issue of accessibility is not sufficiently addressed in national laws.
A spokesman for the Immigration Department said today (January 4) most residents in this age group had replaced their ID cards during the specified call-up periods. "Eligible applicants who have not yet replaced their ID cards should apply immediately at any of the Smart ID Card Centres," he said.
Listen, I'm really sorry about the construction zone.
At the same time, they should be made part of national dialogues and decision-making on education;
Unliquidated obligations – UNOPS account
(h) Maintain contact with the SPT, as well as facilitating sharing of all types of information in order to follow up compliance with recommendations made by the SPT;
13th arrondissement of Paris
Those who excavate sites of ancient culture or ancient tombs without permission are punishable for larceny.
I shouted, `I'll never let you in, not if you beg for twenty years.
We're just passing through on our way to New York
Rule 68
79. The Commission on the Status of Women, in turn, constitutes an intergovernmental mechanism that coordinates the monitoring of the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform of Action.
Mr. Benítez Versón (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): The draft resolution entitled "National legislation on transfer of arms, military equipment and dual use goods and technology", which we have just adopted, deals with a very important issue.
(FOURTH COMMITTEE)
Prolonged or recurrent, uncontrolled, excessive exposure can result in a slow, progressive cerebral incompetence .
32. Ms. Taracena Secaira (Guatemala) said that the literacy programme described by Mr. Richmond primarily targeted large countries, but that there were small countries, such as hers, which not only had extremely high illiteracy rates but also had ethnic and cultural issues which complicated the task of spreading literacy.
The following list sets out the items of which the Security Council is currently seized and which have been considered by the Council at a formal meeting during the period from 1 January 2009 to 6 October 2012.
516. The Committee welcomes the hosting by the State party of the Arab-African Forum Against the Sexual Exploitation of Children in preparation for the Yokohama Conference and notes that the Penal Code is under review regarding this issue, but remains concerned at the high incidence of sexual exploitation in the State party.
1. Reservations in accordance with article 66, paragraph 3: dispute settlement
Plant folk names of Ejina Mongolians have own structure types and methods of nomenclature.
3. Training and research
I rushed to my room and saw the news footage, endlessly replayed, of two airplanes crashing into the World Trade Center.
Data cover 166 countries, representing 97 per cent of the world's population.
4. On the other hand, the State Public Prosecutor's Office is the body responsible for representing the State in disputes arising from alleged human rights violations where State responsibility is found.
Hicks said, 'and a lot of that copper is going to go into the electric grid.
(a) Approve the redeployment of the five posts detailed in section II (a) of the annex to the present report in the biennium 2006-2007;
'Well, Penelon,' said the captain, 'what makes you shake your head
Draft article 17: State of destination of expelled aliens
A jug usually has a spout or a narrow neck, and a handle.
Teens who abort are twice as likely as their peers to abuse alcohol, marijuana, or cocaine.
Țigănași
It is not just a matter of improving international security but also of preventing nuclear disarmament from being offset by a new arms race in those other areas.
But this is a case where it matters not only what biases there may be in the national data but also whether in taking the data for the various members of a region there is any likelihood of introducing new biases.
3. Participation in the Conference of the High Contracting Parties shall be determined by their agreed Rules of Procedure.
This paper performs simulation on the optimized structure of a heavy oil burning anode baking furnace.
(c) Implementing effective detection, investigation, prosecution and conviction measures, including:
Angola
I have wished to know why the stars shine.
Importantly, the Working Group has established a voluntary fund to provide financial support for indigenous peoples to participate in meetings related to the Convention.
He can, upon the conclusion of an investigation into a complaint, criticise the administration for any actions taken in accordance with the law but clearly contrary to good administrative practices.
Mr. Wang Guangya
Your house is bigger and nicer than mine.
Let me conclude by reminding Members of their pledge two years ago, at the Millennium Summit, to make the United Nations a more effective instrument in the service of the world's peoples.
You will find it exciting to join in the game.
36. Among other developments, on 29 January 2002, the Legal Counsel responded to a letter addressed to him on 13 November 2001 by the President of the Security Council requesting, on behalf of the members of the Council, his opinion on the legality of contracts for activities in areas offshore Western Sahara concluded by Morocco with foreign oil companies (S/2002/161).
Innovative approaches in the areas of energy or waste management can be scaled up.
This is a systemic problem, which poses problems to the stability of the international and national financial markets.
Transportation: use of motor vehicles, parking and related matters
Ultra low noise digital photon integration system and high-quality optics ensure the best sensitivity available today.
X. Protection issues
7. For the purpose of this article and article 55 of this Convention, each State Party shall empower its courts or other competent authorities to order that bank, financial or commercial records be made available or seized.
E/CN.4/1999/L.88
Wet as the spring. Hot as the summer. Gale as the autumn.
Mr. Garcia: I don't mean you. Maybe my decision was not good.
Subsequent audit teams shall monitor progress.
Trying to pick up the transmission?
When talking with a westerner, don't ask how much they earn. They consider it their privacy.
18. The resident coordinator system is managed by UNDP on behalf of the United Nations system, with guidance from all organizations, and is accountable to all through the United Nations Development Group.
Women and children have borne a special and enduring burden resulting from the occupation.2
(a) Increased ability to collect and report data on the level and structure of public debt (both external and domestic) and on external private debt
20. The Prime Minister referred to the communal elections planned for the end of 1999.
14 January 2011
The millennial generation is far more liberal than the baby boomers and silent generation were in their younger years.
Reiterating its primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security and, in this context, the need to promote and ensure respect for the principles and rules of international humanitarian law,
23. Finally, in the medium term, efforts should be made to deliver a supply response by reversing the neglect of agriculture in public policy through enhancing support for agricultural research, development and extension and by providing easier access to credit and other inputs in order to foster a new, knowledge-intensive "green revolution" that would make agriculture more environmentally resilient.
In that regard, several capacity-building requirements were identified (e.g., see paras. 77, 93 and 101 above).
Article 27 Withdrawal of Acceptance An acceptance may be withdrawn.
China
10. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its sixty-eighth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.
Areas of activity include Earth remote sensing, hydrometeorology , manned space flights, and communication and positioning service projects.
The balance remains undistributed pending a decision on its utilization.
When they were there , Chen Xingyuan happened to go out for a breath of fresh air.
It is hard to establish a reasonable size Chinese character set which will be stable for a long time.
We need another two people's help
No, no, Friday, (says I) you shall go without me, leave me here to live by my self as I did before.
 The approach must be goal-oriented;
Before then I was innocent and carefree,  I believed, that love could be forever and ever. I do not know if the world now is still the same
Training materials
D. United Nations Command remains issue
if we kept things on a purely professional level.
They carried out 26 missions, 14 of them from Saudi territory with the support of an AWACS command and control aircraft operating inside Saudi airspace and 12 from the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait with the support of an E-2C command and control aircraft operating inside Kuwaiti airspace.
For example, in many States, these day-to-day operations may be delegated to a private entity.
33. On the issue of access and participation of girls in education, the Fiji Islands Education Commission/Panel (November 2000) had pointed to an increase of 19.8 per cent in primary schools, and a 405 per cent increase in secondary schools between 1970 and 1999.
(i) In view of the important role of electronic channels in furthering disarmament and non-proliferation education, the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs intends to place a disarmament and non-proliferation portal on its website.
In addition, many conservation and management measures implementing global fishery instruments have been agreed among interested parties through regional fisheries management organizations to ensure conservation and management of specific species or stocks at the subregional and regional levels.
Sometimes you'll run into people who cannot wait to pour their hearts out to you.
Recalling also its resolution 49/131 of 19 December 1994 on the International Year of the Ocean,
Andreas D. Mavroyiannis (Cyprus)
I'm sure he will.You bruised the man's ego when you stopped his first attempt.
7) Reference to international instruments - By referencing several international instruments on civil and political rights, the Collective was better able to influence the government.
As a result, a state court decision, while it may expand upon a right protected by the United States Constitution, may rest on grounds very different from those upon which a similar federal case would be decided.
Despite this, in relation to other ads Union, it is still quite attractive.
The modern optical holography is an important branch of the physical optics, is a relatively new development area.
97. Support and encourage, through domestic and international funding and the provision of technical assistance, the substantial development of human capital, development of national and international research infrastructures, laboratory capacity and improved surveillance systems, and data collection, processing and dissemination, and training of basic and clinical researchers, social scientists and technicians, with a focus on those countries most affected by HIV and/or experiencing or at risk of a rapid expansion of the epidemic;
(g) Information which, if disclosed, in the organization's view would seriously undermine the policy dialogue with Member States or implementing partners;
He needs to decide which of the other boys he likes without heavy breathing from you.
The memory of all the blissful moments I have enjoyed with you come crowding over me.
Americas
Assistance in place (bilateral/ multilateral)
1. I have the honour to submit the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001.
:: Economic recovery and reconstruction.
This obliges States, within the framework of the United Nations system, to go beyond their traditional activities and jointly engage in management activities in the Organization based on the new cultural, economic and geographical reality made up of broad functional regional areas.
ii) Democratic Republic of Congo
I'll try as I might to hide the tears.
You have been advised to have surgery or other treatment for your medical condition, and wish to obtain the best possible medical care.
I. Introduction
'The situation now looks like a monologue, not a dialogue, ' said Mohamed Mursi, a member of the group's guidance council.
Bodish languages
He presented himself for a checkup at the hospital.
Dyslexics often transpose letters in a word.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the United Nations Development Fund for Women on the activities of the Fund to eliminate violence against women
The UNITAR training programme will continue to focus on building indigenous capacity for the protection and promotion of those human rights and the constructive resolution of conflicts in the development, social, economic, health, human rights, environment and cultural areas.
However, maternal mortality is still high, at 449 per 100,000 live births, thereby impeding progress towards achieving that goal by 2015.
In short, a gadget or widget is any mini-application that's easy to build, easy to deploy, and easy to consume.
if taken to a harsh extreme Verbal Irony You are a fine goalkeeper, allowing the other side to score six goals.
They had failed to win over the police, prosecutors and journalists, who observed that the scum bags were never sent to prison.
These letters, dated from 29 September 2000 (A/55/432-S/2000/921) to 8 May 2013 (A/ES-10/590-S/2013/272), constitute a basic record of the crimes committed by Israel, the occupying Power, against the Palestinian people since September 2000.
The embargo violated international legal norms and the Charter of the United Nations and was the principal obstacle to Cuba's sustainable development.
- They haven't been there yet.
Notes:
Note 2
92. The Monitoring Team would welcome feedback regarding the analysis and suggestions contained in the present report.
Opening for signature
(c) Updating of reporting guidelines adopted by other treaty bodies;
The system of immunities should establish a balance which, without jeopardizing the interests of the host State, would offer the necessary guarantees for the undisturbed and secure performance of the diplomatic function.
The report of the Fifth Committee on agenda item 17 (e), "Appointment of members of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal", is contained in document A/48/696.
11. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author with an effective remedy, in particular by conducting a thorough and diligent investigation into her grandmother's disappearance, duly informing her of the outcome of the investigation and paying appropriate compensation to the author, her father and her uncles.
In addition to the one Maximum acceptable recognition score you can change the weights in the object map.
The area coordinator/observer coordinates the activities of all UNOMSA teams in a particular area.
I had the impulse that face about start running runs.
When flowing into the down spout, a continuous phase enters a mass transfer area through the trans lot or the holes arranged on the baffle.
Sanctions should be imposed only when all the peaceful procedures provided for in the Charter had failed, and there had to be a mechanism for assessing their humanitarian impact on the most vulnerable sections of the population and third States.
When does the last bus leave terminal?
Because terrorism fed on prejudice and ignorance, the European Union welcomed efforts to strengthen dialogue and understanding between cultures involving all actors: States, regional organizations and civil society.
The degree of cold loss of low - temperature system in the ethylene plant was evaluated quantitatively.
Page
51. Commitments made by the new Government included the establishment of a Truth and Reconciliation Commission, a Commission to investigate disappearances, the formulation of a new public security policy, and the end of impunity.
Recalling the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, in particular the Third Geneva Convention of 12 August 1949 on the treatment of prisoners of war, and the Additional Protocols of 8 June 1977, in particular article 79 of the Additional Protocol I regarding the protection of journalists engaged in dangerous professional missions in areas of armed conflict,
(c) Percentage of trained trainers having successfully delivered training
Because a new study shows that fluoride forms a thinner protective shield than experts thought it did.
Mr. Geleta (International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies): At the outset, I should like on behalf of our organization to congratulate the newly elected members of the Security Council.
"A list of the confiscated items shall be drawn up in the presence of the suspect or the person in whose possession they were found, where possible, and a report on the confiscation shall be drawn up.
Greater influence entails increased responsibility.
(resolution 65/116) 171 3 1
The Hong Kong Monetary Authority wishes to alert members of the public in Hong Kong to a fraudulent website with the domain name "www.telexboc.com". The website looks similar to the official website of Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited. BoCHK has clarified that it has no connection with the fraudulent website.
We remain confident that the strong message that has emanated from the High-level Event will provide the necessary impetus and political will and act as a catalyst to the Bali meeting later this year.
He's here, in the cicu.
Information provided by participants / teams will only be used for the purposes of enrolment, compilation of statistics, future liaison works and promotion of activities organised by LCSD. Apart from staff duly authorized by LCSD, no one will be given access to the personal information.
Guinea
Typically, as countries develop, not only does the relative share of agricultural production to GDP decrease, but mechanization and other technological advancements also reduce the labour needs in the sector.
 This will require also an identification of the infrastructure (i.e. regulatory framework, for instance) required for modern financial products to be actually available in the local markets;
These safeguards must include the possibility to abort any targeted mission should the continuation of the operation place legal obligations in jeopardy; for example, if the target is hors de combat or surrenders.
You see, our hotel is not doing well recently. Not many people come and the vacancy rate is high. What do you think are the reasons?
take a day off Tang Lin took a day off yesterday because of illness
The Acting President: On behalf of the General Assembly, I have the honour to welcome to the United Nations His Excellency Mr. Nicolas Sarkozy, President of the French Republic, and to invite him to address the Assembly.
In paragraph 121 of its advisory opinion, the International Court of Justice stated that it "considers that the construction of the wall and its associated regime create a `fait accompli' on the ground that could well become permanent, in which case, and notwithstanding the formal characterization of the wall by Israel, it would be tantamount to de facto annexation".
The names of those States, therefore, should not appear on the ballot papers.
General Fund -- Cash
Safety and security
The State party adds that, according to the Committee's settled jurisprudence, "the aggravation of the complainant's state of health that could possibly be caused by his deportation does not amount to the type of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment envisaged by article 16 of the Convention".
This results generally in higher unemployment levels for women, including longer-term unemployment.
(Patrick Henry, Americna statesman).P. ) Mistakes are an essential part of education.
50. Mr. Muburi-Muita (Kenya) said that, at the close of the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism, collaborative efforts to decolonize the 16 remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories must be redoubled.
"We wait and wait,but the fish do not nibble on our lines.Soon,it gets cold.And,we wait some more.
We are the enterprise specializing in producing and selling top and middle grade commodity ceram - ics.
DRAFT PROTOCOL AGAINST THE ILLICIT MANUFACTURING OF AND TRAFFICKING IN FIREARMS, AMMUNITION AND OTHER RELATED MATERIALS SUPPLEMENTARY TO THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION AGAINST
The end of the cold war, along with progress in science and technology and the opening of markets, should have led to greater security and prosperity, but, instead, the world is still encountering distressing conflicts, which cause considerable human and material loss, to the detriment of development.
The salicyl fluorescence alkone (SAF) was used as color reagent, the contents of the aluminum in tea was determined by spectrophotometry.
The objective has a weight of 1.
37 (including 2 drones)
Regulation 7
The rest of the populous developing countries would see their populations increase between 2010 and 2100 by amounts ranging from 10 per cent in Iran (Islamic Republic of) to 90 per cent in South Africa.
Twenty-fourth session
11. The Workshop also discussed the challenges in connection with planning and implementing national human rights action plans.
Menopause: Women: When a woman reaches menopause, she goes through a variety of complicated emotional, psychological, and biological changes.
Item 8 of the provisional agenda*
(f) Strengthen control over procurement solicitation and the administrative aspects of contracts;
The International Centre and the Regional Centres are part of a network, whose main working rules are defined in an "agreement" signed annually between IFLA and each centre.
Planned business volume has filtered customers that have status of dead numbers and suspended services.
It was observed that an opt-in approach could have the unintended effect of discouraging States that could benefit from Chapter VI from adopting it.
For, as an English political philosopher, Edmund Burke, said two centuries ago:
Fax No.: (852)2807 2764
The former sets out the general lines of the policy on education and State involvement and the structure of the new system of education.
Nature's life-sustaining services, on which our species depends for its survival, are being seriously disrupted and degraded by our own everyday activities.
1. Calls upon Israel, the occupying Power, to comply with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Human Rights Council, in particular Security Council resolution 497 (1981), in which the Council decided, inter alia, that the decision of Israel to impose its laws, jurisdiction and administration on the occupied Syrian Golan is null and void and without international legal effect, and demanded that Israel rescind forthwith its decision;
(c) Letter from the Chairman of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People (A/52/571).
In the context of that anticipated demographic transformation, the following are illustrative examples of the types of priorities that countries may wish to choose.
The military operations in the Gaza Strip included two main phases, the air phase and the air-land phase, and lasted from 27 December 2008 to 18 January 2009.
Chapter I
Special attention will be paid to the promotion of gender mainstreaming in ESCWA in the light of the programme of work of the Organization, in accordance with the global priorities of the United Nations.
Medical dispute is becoming one of the important social problems in China today.
Recognizing that the problem of the illicit production of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and its relationship to sustainable development requires, within the context of shared responsibility, close cooperation among States, the competent organs of the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, regional bodies and international financial institutions,
C. Thematic approach 20 - 23 6
In the case of malaria, the disease continues to devastate communities in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
The balance between Annex I and non-Annex I representation will need to be discussed.
"One cannot rely on the Government alone to help with the full integration of persons with disabilities into society. It is important for non-governmental organisations and self-help groups to collaborate to promote the spirit of self-help and mutual help, and establish 'social capital' for the development of rehabilitation services and an all inclusive community," he added.
They 'll be glad to get their son off their hands
Why don't your children beetle off into the garden and play?
Cumulative expenses up to 31 December 2011 were $4.5 million for IPSAS and $27.6 million for the ERP system.
(h) Compliance with arms limitation and disarmament and non-proliferation agreements;
Tito ventured to turn his eyes towards her.
At the same time, those consultations, which had continued for over 14 years, should not be allowed to become an end in themselves or to erode the collective will.
Established a helpline for UNAMID personnel and the public to seek advice and report on misconduct; provided, on the Intranet site, information and relevant reference documents on disciplinary matters; provided, in camps for internally displaced persons, information about United Nations policies on sexual exploitation and abuse, and misconduct; held a total of 75 training sessions and workshops for 4,116 participants; addressed 435 complaints related to misconduct and 1 allegation of sexual exploitation and abuse
25. Many delegations indicated significance of the United Nations General Assembly resolutions related to the issue of transparency in armaments.
The European Union stands ready in principle to take up the challenge in the Secretary-General's proposal aimed at making the information work in Europe more efficient, and looks forward to participating in discussions about its practical implementation, taking into account regional needs.
Sixty-seventh session
Gender equality and empowerment are widely recognized as essential to poverty reduction and development in key instruments such as the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development (1994), the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action (1995) and the United Nations Millennium Declaration (2000).
Results The questionnaire included 30 items.
In recent years, there has been a deliberate attempt to increase the percentage of women in general in the public sector, especially in the management teams.
And that was accessible only to the high priest and only on the Day of Atonement following a series of heightened purity observances.
106. By letter dated 13 August 1999, the Government responded to a letter from the Special Rapporteur sent on 9 November 1998 regarding the harassment of human rights defenders (see E/CN.4/1999/68/Add.1, paras. 1920).
The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to ensure that the closure of the Swedish Integration Board does not detract from a holistic approach to the development of strategies to combat racial discrimination in the State party.
The Panel and the Bureau oversee the detailed scoping exercise, including outline, costs and feasibility (3 months).
He held his gun in readiness.
Luckily, weve brought your temperature down.
this exhibition will opend in May 1 2006, and ended in Oct 31, for 184 days
Spatial differences were only observed for hexaBDE (BDE-153), and increases in the measured concentration from 1983 to 2003 were observed for the hexaBDE (153 and 154) and the heptaBDE (BDE-183).
'Jim, 'he said, 'you're the only person here worth anything . You'll bring me some rum , won't you, boy? '
4.1 On 27 June 2003, the State party pointed out that there is no indication in the communication that Abbassi Madani had given anyone the authority to act on his behalf, as provided for in the rules for submitting communications to the Committee.
While recovery had been aided by a resurgence in trade, the continuing stalemate in the Doha Round was preventing a fuller recovery.
The debate has continued every year in the Conference plenary, but without any real, substantive progress taking place.
8,915 (27 per cent increase)
Although transition economies are catching up with the region's developed countries in mobile and fixed line telephony, they lag behind in broadband Internet access.
Intense fighting began in February 2002 around the Medina district of Mogadishu between militia loyal to TNG and the Somalia Reconciliation and Restoration Council (SRRC).
Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Allow me to now present the additional reports of the Fifth Committee containing recommendations on issues that required action during the main part of the sixty-fourth session of the General Assembly.
10:00 to 13:00 8th meeting [webcast] Conference Room 2 (NLB)
Flowers perish when frost comes.
3alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
He indicates that, in order for the Committee to consider the key aspects of his communication, he wishes to withdraw his complaints regarding a possible violation of article 9, paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, article 10, paragraph 1, and article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3 (a), even though the facts as presented raise questions in relation to those provisions.
The General Assembly should invite the executive heads of the system organizations working in development to strengthen and formalize their links with OECD/DAC, with the UNDG office playing an appropriate role.
27. In its review of human resources management issues, the Board reiterated its recommendations on recurrent problems, including the need to take appropriate measures to reduce recruitment lead times, expedite all requests for the classification and reclassification of posts at various missions, ensure that all missions establish human resources action plans, ensure that performance appraisals are complete and signed-off in a timely manner, adhere to the established procedures for monitoring and recording attendance.
Rather, the purpose of examining these issues was to aid in the systematic determination of the convention's scope; such concepts need to be studied, because the viewpoint of what disability is may determine the actual rights that are conferred.
2. In its resolution 60/119 of 8 December 2005, the General Assembly approved the programme of work of the Special Committee envisaged for 2006, including the holding of a seminar in the Pacific region to be organized by the Committee and attended by the representatives of all the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
18 October 2004 A reminder was sent.
Ian Paisley
It is therefore imperative that you dispatch them immediately. Otherwise we shall be obliged to cancel the order and obtain the goods elsewhere
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 18 December 2009 addressed to you (A/64/607-S/2009/668), I have the honour to draw your attention to ongoing violations of the international air traffic regulations and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded from 4 December 2009 to 29 January 2010, as follows:
Abstaining:
A resume is not your life story.
Optimists have a curious habit of seeing stresses as challenges and forging ahead.
Current status
By decision 1995/313, the Council, recalling General Assembly resolution 49/127, recommended that the Assembly at its fiftieth session continue its consideration of the question of international migration and development, including the convening of the United Nations conference on international migration and development.
The project aims to list every species on Earth single, easy - to - use reference guide.
The IMF also noted that house prices had softened in a number of European economies including the UK, raising the possibility of further problems in those markets.
Apart from Law No 10/90, Law on Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (Law No. 17/77) and Law on the Prevention and Prohibition of Corruption (Law No. 2/2000) subscribe to the legislative framework against financing of terrorist acts and money laundering.
8. The regional office in Addis Ababa covers countries in the East and Horn of Africa, focusing primarily on countries where there is no OHCHR presence, including Djibouti.
They acknowledge that the conclusions contained therein will enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations system and that the recommendations are aimed at ensuring the independence of the investigation function in the various organizations.
(ii) Increased number of United Nations Member States participating in ECE subregional transport infrastructure projects
The Council evaluated how far the United Nations development system has gone in implementing the Assembly's guidance during the last Triennial Comprehensive Policy Review.
 9. During the period covered in this report, Special Forces helped encourage the acceptance of the Interim Public Security Force and assisted Interim Public Security Force training with the international police monitors.
The Olympic Games were being held in Berlin.
164. Bulgaria has ample experience in respect of gender equality policies, and the country has achieved comparatively high levels of women's economic activity and employment.
 That has been fully reflected by the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in Africa and South-East Asia, the adherence to the Protocols of the Treaty of Rarotonga by France, the United Kingdom and the United States, and the conclusion of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT).
Elementary mathematics
nate and I tried. it didn't work. end of story.
II. Civilian personnel
The deadline for applications is Friday, 8 November 2013.
She will also reach out to the private sector, especially players in the tourism industry and the media, to look out for possibilities for public-private partnerships that will address not only sex trafficking, especially of minors, but also the demand for cheap labour in the private sector.
13. The United Kingdom reported on a number of initiatives funded by its Department for International Development in connection with crimes committed against women in the name of honour, which included the provision of assistance to the Government of Pakistan in the design of a comprehensive national strategy to address violence against women.
A stray dog on the meadow attracts the attention of two men on horseback who chase it away.
Article 49 Contract by Person with Apparent Agency Authority Where the person lacking agency authority, acting beyond his agency authority, or whose agency authority was extinguished concluded a contract in the name of the principal, if it was reasonable for the other party to believe that the person performing the act had agency authority, such act of agency is valid.
Debbie and Jerry have arrived at the theater a little late.
They were evidently broken through careless handling while being loaded into the ship's hold in London.
CCF was also an implementing partner of various United Nations organizations, including UNHCR, UNICEF, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Food Programme (WFP) and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) in development and post-conflict programmes around the world.
Since starting Grassroots Uganda, the organization has expanded to work with existing artist coops.
Although he is a good worker, he was fired because the economic not stability.
Forum resolution 3/4, on enhanced cooperation and cross-sectoral policy and programme coordination, addressed several aspects related to collaborative work with relevant organizations of the United Nations system and other relevant international and regional organizations, institutions and instruments to improve information exchange and cooperation in areas of common concern.
TERRY; Look back at this page. You have to fill in that number up here. Then hyou have to subtract it from the total.
I'm currently at Piccadilly which is the main street through Manchester city centre.
b. Having a worst-case rate stability equal to or better (less) than plus or minus 0.05% averaged over 10 degrees or more; or
Yeah, and we figured out we got bass, we got drums.
You're the boss. I'll get right on it.
It is more radical than the traditional form of Sufi Islam that has existed in the region since the 8th century.
Recommendation 5: The General Assembly at its sixty-seventh session should request the Secretary-General as the chair of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination to ensure that the three mechanisms, namely UN-Oceans, UN-Energy and UN-Water, to institutionalize their coordination efforts under the High Level Committee on Programmes.
Phyllanthus maderaspatensis
Annex VIII
At the end of the day, the six remaining CEP members issued final results for the Senate elections, using the same disputed system of calculation and confirming the first-round victories of the 16 Fanmi Lavalas candidates and one independent.
Both the Cooperative Association and the Association of Agricultural Cooperatives and Companies in the Czech Republic note that the special character of cooperatives is not recognized and they do not receive any tax relief or any other preferential treatment.
Do  not drill, please.
Thus working in CSW should be fun though bit challenging spare time, I'm crazy about travelling.
Mr. Rama Rao Sankurathripati, secretariat, World Intellectual Property Organization
a Includes an amount of $47,011,500 in unliquidated obligations.
● A national and regional strategic framework in which specific actions may be carried out in each nation should be established by ensuring that an entity exists, preferably in the office of the highest governmental authority in each country, to coordinate space-related activities;
What determines how fast the value of having goods in the future diminishes as the future time in question becomes more remote?
Equipment for performing improvised long-duration observation in difficult terrain and tough weather conditions is non-existent.
7. Decides also, on an exceptional and ad hoc basis and without prejudice to Article 17 of the Charter of the United Nations, unless notified otherwise by a Member State within forty-five days of the issuance of the notification by the Secretary-General of the apportionment of the respective shares of the cash balances in the accounts referred to in paragraph 6 above, to effect the transfer of the cash balances referred to in that paragraph to the account of the United Nations Logistics Base for the purpose of financing the strategic deployment stocks;
2. How has the 1267 Committee's List been incorporated within your legal system and your administrative structure, including financial supervision, police, immigration control, customs and consular authorities?
As practitioners, doctors can help to improve the quality of medical care, with appropriate attention to health education and counselling.
In particular, the least developed countries should be shielded from predatory creditors who misused debt restructuring mechanisms, and public debt reduction policies should avoid impacting negatively on the growth of gross domestic product (GDP).
I like that song; it has a pleasant melody.
3. National reconciliation
In sum, as compared with 2004, 13 indicators were better and 6 were worse in 2005, while the life expectancy at birth and notification rate of notifiable infectious disease remained unchanged.
Gareth Baber
A separate department has been set up to integrate child labour issues into national policies and to provide capacity-building support in regard to child labour issues to governmental organizations, workers and employers.
The original and inalienable right to life of all persons is clearly recognized in international instruments. The right to life of persons under the age of 18 and the obligation of States to guarantee the enjoyment of this right to the maximum extent possible are also recognized.
203. The Council considered item 14 (a) (Advancement of women) jointly with items 7 (d) (Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system) and 13 (k) (Women and development) at its 48th meeting, on 27 July.
The diversity index of zooplankton increased with the increase of macrophyte biomass.
Bryant Sugarman: Because you know nothing about Doreen and Jenny and Julie and Gina. . . or spider, the family poodle.
Historically, urbanization had often been chaotic, characterized by a lack of planning and ad hoc development.
Number of countries abolitionist for all crimes (2001-2011)
With the depression in the whole country, Shenyang can attract so many Hong Kong real estate tycoons to invest in Shenyang. This indicates that housing market in Shenyang is still the best in China.
Black slimehead
Jon Hurwitz
From a constitutional standpoint, the General Assembly must approve, expressly and in a detailed fashion, the new priorities and the changes to the existing mandates.
But beyond the law enforcement perspective, the Plan of Action also includes other dimensions that are central to our work here in the General Assembly.
This thesis studies the methods of robust design optimization for multi response problems.
This position requires responsibility of maintaining and improving multiple partnerships building, as well as fostering and managing networks.
1978 Counsellor, Embassy of Japan in Italy
As indicated in the quadrennial review, business practices should be further simplified and harmonized, and bottlenecks at the headquarters level should be addressed through the streamlining of programming, funding, reporting and accountability mechanisms, in particular through the full implementation of the management and accountability system.
3. The Committee welcomes the open and constructive dialogue with the multi-sectoral delegation and expresses its appreciation for the oral presentation and the detailed replies provided by the delegation during the consideration of the report.
For this reason, Mexico decided to showcase the project on the Platform for Partnerships in order to reach countries at the global level.
26. The Secretary-General recommends the proposed budget for 2000 to the Council and the Assembly.
Do up the buttons on your shirt, Richard.
Both were growing hollow - eyed.
He was also requested to collect information from all concerned, to respond effectively to reliable information that became available to him, to follow up on communications and country visits, and to seek the views and comments of Governments and reflect them, as appropriate, in his reports.
The participants recommended that the approach for preparing status reports should not change.
Whats your plan for the vacation?
Charles Yeah, Marti.
You need help   ask for it.
The buyer claimed that these deficiencies allowed it to withhold payment for the said shipments.
37. The Representative undertook a working visit to Bosnia and Herzegovina from 16 to 20 June 2008 at the invitation of the Minister of Human Rights and Refugees.
Because fourth - order statistics can restain the gaussian noise, the method has high stability in noise conditions.
I don't think it be as boring as working in an office.
A statement was made by the representative of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
Consideration of matters related to international legal cooperation (articles 16, 17, 18, 13 and 14).
A recent study revealed the surprising fact that many students pass examinations by relying on nothing more than rote memorization .
Moreover, their stay in the Russian Federation was registered by immigration authorities and also recorded in the register of the hotel, the description of which he provided to the investigation team.
Providing emergency cash assistance to 106 refugee households located mainly in northern Gaza to enable them to repair their shelters on a self-help basis PR740
Pilecki's returns aside, investing in Fannie and Freddie is not for the risk averse or the faint of heart.
On Friday morning, the day of the Opening Ceremonies, Shan Chun, 36 years old, again went to the police station to register.
In order to verify that, we need to confirm that the amount of stocks of fissile material for nuclear weapons or nuclear explosive devices has not increased from the date that an FMCT enters into force.
Promotion and protection of human rights [64]: commemoration of the sixtieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
French green clay hosts all minerals necessary to ascending biology, and crystalline skin can absorb the minerals in the act of bathing.
"Who told you that?
6.You are only young once
The two Rapporteurs pointed out that the importance attached to certain traditional practices in some communities must be taken into account.
In that connection, they emphasized the importance of employment generation, targeted particularly at young people, and stressed the need to sustain and expand measures designed to tackle poverty and improve social welfare.
Apr 2010
II.3 Reclassification of one General Service (Other level) post to the Principal level under programme support (ibid., para. 3.53).
(b) Request the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Council and an interim report to the General Assembly on its activities, findings, conclusions and recommendations;
Another one may actually be proper care for psychological ailments - if you feel you need such help, getting that help can be a profound investment of your time and money.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Convention, in particular articles 7, 20 and 21, and the financial provisions of relevant regional implementation annexes, the global mechanism shall function under the authority and guidance of the Conference of the Parties, including on policies, operational modalities and activities, and be accountable and make regular reports to it, according to the principles of transparency, neutrality and universality.
Then, as now, the alarm was sounded by technology vendors and consultants, who stood to gain from scare-mongering
Hermite
I closed the book , and tears gushing from my eyes . But I needn't had to guess who was the protagonist of the message in this old book.
He notes continuing reports of arrests of ethnic Kachin men suspected to have links with the Kachin Independence Organization (KIO) or the KIA (mostly made under the Unlawful Associations Act, the Explosive Substance Act and the Emergency Provisions Act) and the torture of suspects to extract confessions.
5. Notes with particular appreciation the University's support of scholars and academic institutions in developing countries and the countries with economies in transition, including in particular young scholars, through its research and capacity and network development activities, highly appreciates the efforts of the University and its research and training centres and programmes in expanding their cooperative networks of institutions, academic associations and individual scholars worldwide and in developing innovative interdisciplinary programmes that produce concrete outcomes, and encourages the University to further expand those efforts;
Distr.: General
Houston, we are ready for the beginning of the P.T.C and I think once we're in that barbecue roll,Jack and I will eat.
Before sitting down for my dinner, I took a stroll out on the patio before it got dark.
In addition, to further assist in addressing rule of law issues in conflict contexts, women protection advisers were deployed to the Central African Republic, Mali, Somalia and South Sudan.
This group is co-chaired by the United States and Switzerland.
Without both logistics support from the United Nations and donor assistance for its other requirements, AMISOM will not achieve its mandated strength (8,000 troops and 270 civilian police) or establish effective peacekeeping operations.
It was regrettable that a time-frame for the total elimination of nuclear weapons had not been included in the CTBT, which was the major reason why Mauritius had not yet become a signatory.
33. The Team welcomed the fact that additional States had acceded to the Convention over the past year; however, continued efforts were needed to ensure the universality of that instrument.
All regions have reserves that exceed their short-term external debt by at least three times and that cover at least 50 per cent of their total external debt.
It appears to have been released by the government as a warning to the French public they must remain vigilant.
CRC also welcomed the efforts made in the area of juvenile justice, especially the project entitled Renforcement de la Protection Juridique des Mineurs au Sénégal.
For example, experiments in common law systems in different countries are rarely exchanged for information with regard to civil law systems.
National Conventional Arms Control Act No. 41 of 2002
Tax liabilities come to light after NNO issued
adolescents should be encouraged to adopt such healthy patterns, rather than rely on dietary supplementation for adequate nutrient intake.
To extend gratitude to the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States for his effective and unprecedented efforts to address the humanitarian situation in Darfur, to call upon the Secretariat-General to continue its efforts on this front and to submit a report thereon to the next session of the Council;
Accordingly, the Constitution, being the fundamental legal instrument defining the rights and freedoms of individuals and the guarantees required for their protection, naturally embodied all the principles and standards concerning human rights and freedoms as set forth in the preceding international instruments and conventions, particularly the two Covenants.
I'll order a top-to-bottom audit of government spending and eliminate programs that don't work.
Of the sons of Benjamin, their genealogical registration by their families, by their fathers' households, according to the number of names, from twenty years old and upward, whoever was able to go out to war,
Thors
Consultations of the whole: 22 and 29 December 1998.
97. UN-Habitat is in the process of preparing a results-based consolidated budget for the biennium 2010-2011.
(3)We shall effect shipment in July provided your letter of credit reaches here before the 15th June
Does anybody have gamma icer or a piece of bark that you are not chewing.
Furthermore, UNIDO is initiating the establishment of an Industrial Biotechnology Network with the objective of fostering the application of sustainable industrial practices in the developing world through awareness creation, demonstration projects and capacity-building initiatives in biotechnology.
Women reported being stripped of their clothes, of being sexually abused, and of some being taken out one at a time and raped.
To rub even more salt into the wound, the emperor had had to spend the last eight years of his life imprisoned in a 12)fort on the Jhelum River.
Prior to the publication of the rule, non-immigrant aliens could do so without a permit.
$24,000 in compensation for violation of rights
Under the current method of calculation of Article 19, unpaid contributions considered to be in "arrears" are effectively computed in net terms, that is, actual amounts payable after any appropriate adjustments are made for staff assessment income and for such other items as are included in the relevant financing resolution.
Despite the negative repercussions of the global economic slowdown, 2001 turned out to be a relatively successful year for the ECE transition economies: with the exception of The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, all of them posted positive rates of GDP growth, in some case higher than in 2000.
As the State party did not take the necessary measures to protect the rights set out in articles 6, 7, 9, 10, 16, 17, 23 and 24, the authors are of the view that the State party acted in independent violation of article 2, paragraph 3, of the Covenant with regard to Djamel and Mourad Chihoub.
The report of the Secretary-General in 2002 called for the establishment of a knowledge base and global guidelines, but little progress has actually been made outside of a limited number of developed countries.
The details of Bank-Securities transfer shall be implemented according to the relevant provisions of the third party depository agreement.
Does the express stop at Keelung?
UNCTAD should strengthen support to developing countries and countries with economies in transition and their regional organizations to build up, implement and enforce competition and consumer protection laws and policies.
Eastern artistic tradition is the history of the non-conditional color the color of Chinese mural painting and Chinese folk prints mostly reflect the interacting color and ornamental color.
We were in the lunch car and he began to talk about him as a little boy, seeing his great grandmothers ghost.
The members of the Council welcomed this initiative.
The chain is within the site all of the articles are in a road into can, to a spider climb take.
Primary Stage
I conclude by offering special and sincere thanks on behalf of the Palestinian people to all United Nations agencies for their commitment to the welfare and rights of the Palestinian people.
PROVISIONAL PROGRAMME OF WORK
The unity of the family must therefore be protected and preserved in order to eliminate all the ills of society (crime, drugs, poverty) and raise the standard of living of all social groups.
The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm was verified by means of image completion and system simulation experiment.
Paper No. 9/01 : Central Reclamation Phase III
 33. The Board noticed that final outputs were either delayed or had not been produced in a number of projects reviewed by it.
38. Mr. HAMBURGER (Netherlands), Vice-Chairman, reporting on the results of the informal consultations, said that in the first preambular paragraph of the text, the words "is responsible for" should be deleted, while the words "filtering" and "preventing" should be replaced by the words "filters" and "prevents", respectively.
It is concerned that, in circumstances covered by the Act, failure to respond to questions may constitute evidence supporting the offence of belonging to a prohibited organization.
4. Calls upon the administering Power and the territorial Government to continue to cooperate to counter problems related to money laundering, smuggling of funds and other related crimes, as well as drug trafficking;
Haematology - Determination of haemoglobin concentration in blood - Reference method
The People's Bank of China shall have the power to inspect and supervise banking institutions as to whether they raise or lower the interest rates on deposits or loans in violation of regulations.?
(United States dollars)
Most people need to hear those "three little words" I love you.
The cover is not fit.
They actually kind of make me feel * peppy.
29 April 1998
In favour:
5 For more details, see E/C.16/2002/5 (see also para. 14 above) and the report of the Ad Hoc Expert Group Meeting on Knowledge Systems for Development (see note 2).
49. Conditional cash transfers have demonstrated that positive impacts on nutrition require a multidimensional approach.
Life is more like a baseball seasonwhere even the best team loses one? third of its games and even the worst team has its days of brilliance.
Similarly, the Committee benefited from an interactive dialogue session with the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The boy's father had a session with the family physician... "Could nothing be done
Supply Rules,CLP Power Hong Kong Limited.
Its a prime hunk of real estate.
The Working Group may wish to continue its consideration of this item and make recommendations to the Conference with a view to assisting and advising the Conference in the implementation of its mandate under article 32, paragraph 3 (a), of the Convention.
Loading of inside ski works and produces speed advantage only if skis are kept parallel throughout the entire turn.
In recent years, Chinese women's organizations have jointly sponsored seminars with their counterparts in the United States, Russia, Japan and other countries to study and exchange views on issues that confront women worldwide.
Let me go on ahead, and follow me so, without seeming to do it.
Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Conduct and Discipline Units in peacekeeping missions
To that end, the Ethics Committee members developed a common approach and guidance note on political activity applicable to United Nations personnel, including those in the Secretariat, funds and programmes, and field missions.
This choice should be paralleled with efforts to strengthen inter-regional experience exchanges in order to optimise achievements in various countries and move towards a better level of mutual understanding of conditions prevailing in the combat against desertification in each region specifically.
Segregation of duties is maintained by ensuring that tasks associated with analysis/ development and move-to-production are assigned to two individuals.
A computer chip , blessed by the proper incantation of software, creates Borges's Library on command.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Sixth Committee in paragraph 10 of its report (A/63/437) (resolution 63/119).
The delegation was informed that, in the interest of smooth coordination, a Presidential Committee and Steering Committee, supported by seven subcommittees (technical, protocol, finance, publicity, transport, accommodation and security) would be established.
Lron shouted, looking for support from the other XTs.
Contribution at the UN-ECE Inland Transport Committee to the European Agreement on Main International Traffic Arteries (AGR) in 2004 and 2005 and 2006.
As part of the requirements to support peacekeeping missions, the Vehicles Team continues to be involved in the organization of and participation in bidders' conferences, the issuance of clarifications on tenders to vendors, and contract negotiations, to ensure that field operations' surface transport requirements continue to be met through commercial contracts according to the highest industry standards.
23. Recognizes the role of the Peacebuilding Commission in ensuring that national ownership of the peacebuilding process in countries emerging from conflict is observed and that nationally identified priorities are at the core of international and regional efforts in post-conflict peacebuilding in the countries under consideration, notes the important steps taken by the Commission in engaging with Sierra Leone, Burundi, Guinea-Bissau and the Central African Republic through integrated peacebuilding strategies, calls for sustained regional and international commitment to the implementation of these strategies and their design process, recalls the adoption of the Sierra Leone Peacebuilding Cooperation Framework and the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding for Burundi, and calls for their implementation;
Cadi decisions could be appealed, and the first wife could apply to a sharia court for a divorce.
56. UNICEF has established a technical working group on nutrition to address the overall nutrition strategy in Afghanistan and to coordinate United Nations and non-governmental organization activities.
Nor should we worry a great deal that some people are richer than others.
Mr. Mazzoni (Italy) said that he perceived considerable support for Japan's proposal that the draft convention should be deemed not to apply to contracts pertaining to family matters.
Reportedly, on 6 April 1999, at least 25 people who had been sheltered in the church in Liquica were killed by pro-integration militias believed to belong to the Besi Merha Putih group.
Wednesday 10 November
5. Challenges in assimilating parliamentarians from the former Government of National Unity delayed appointments to the 18 specialized committees of the National Legislative Assembly, which were completed on 10 January 2012.
12. Welcomes the work already done by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in promoting the right to adequate food, in particular its general comment No. 12 (1999) on the right to adequate food (art. 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights), in which the Committee affirmed, inter alia, that the right to adequate food is indivisibly linked to the inherent dignity of the human person and is indispensable for the fulfilment of other human rights enshrined in the International Bill of Human Rights and is also inseparable from social justice, requiring the adoption of appropriate economic, environmental and social policies, at both the national and international levels, oriented to the eradication of poverty and the fulfilment of all human rights for all;
32. The SBSTA and the SBI also noted the initial ideas of the TEC on its modalities on linkages with other relevant institutional arrangements under and outside the Convention, as referred to in decision 1/CP.16, paragraph 125, and developed by the TEC in response to decision 4/CP.17.
In order to succeed, peacekeeping operations must have a clear mandate, well-defined objectives and command structures and secure financing.
Monte Cristo only answered by extending his hand to the young man.
 61. The United Kingdom is developing proposals in several areas, most of which are designed to benefit poor farmers.
You should report loss of your smart ID card to the Immigration Department at one of their Registration of Persons Offices. You may also request Hongkong Post to revoke your e-Cert by
Brindisi, with its central location in terms of time zones, would greatly increase the interaction with the mission aviation operations.
This stockbroker went out to a New Year's Eve partywith a client, and drank himself into a stupor.
The resource person introduced the background note (TD/B/COM.3/EM.23/2) prepared by the secretariat to facilitate the meeting discussions and outlined three key priorities regarding policy recommendations for promoting the export competitiveness of SMEs.
With practice developing deeply, problems and contradictions accumulated need us to envisage and solve.
89. Uruguay has overhauled its social security and social welfare system in recent years.
Increased collections can commonly be achieved simply by improving the efficiency of tax administrations.
1588. The Government of Québec undertook to abide by the provisions of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights by adopting Order in Council No. 143876 on April 21, 1976.
Project/programme
In particular, girls working in domestic service in embassies suffer an alarming incidence of abuse and usually have no means of redress as their employers generally have diplomatic status.
The quiet bearing of one who brimmed with an inner activity characterized Elizabeth - Jane at this period.
An offprint of the Rules of Court, as amended on 5 December 2000, is available in English and French.
That is our right too.
The dominant congeners were those associated with commercial PentaBDE and DecaBDE.
Statements are not envisaged, except those on behalf of groups.
Comparability;
Let's meet at 6:30 this evening.A How about dinner tonight, PaulB I don't know.
This development serves as an illustration of the way in which Governments in the Asia-Pacific region can implement the framework of the regional technical cooperation programme adopted in Tehran, as described in section II above.
"do you find yourself more attracted to me when I'm like this "or like this?"
The main driving force was, and still is, China.
The energy and transformation sector includes activities related to the exploration and production of energy resources, transformation from primary to secondary forms such as burning coal to produce electricity and distribution to end-users.
High conversion efficiency in solar cells is the key to cost effective solar panels.
It was with our collective failures in Bosnia and Rwanda in mind that Canada sponsored the International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty.
It is also concerned at the difficulty to track investment on children across sectors, departments and municipalities in order to monitor and evaluate performance, as well as at the fact that areas such as child protection and justice are not yet prioritized.
Remaining inactive and letting contamination continue unabated means that the huge economic benefits of reducing water pollution and associated health impacts as well as increased productivity and school attendance would not be reaped.
give three cheers for ((Hip, hip, hurrah! ); ( six of one, half a dozen the other in seventh heaven on cloud nine dress to the nines a hundred to one shot forty winks at the eleventh hour :judycai] |  |  |  |
1. Election of officers.
31. During the reporting period, OHCHR was called upon to assist in 63 land disputes between affected communities, authorities and businesses, 37 of which related to economic and other types of land concessions, including 11 on indigenous land.
He therefore wished to know what criteria had been used for the selection of its membership and to what extent the Member States had been consulted.
(b) Establish a legal framework that will ensure that the relevant public institutions have information platforms in which data are disaggregated by sex and that they budget funds for affirmative action to narrow equity gaps.
The reception will now begin.
31. Recalls that linguistic diversity is an important element of cultural diversity, and takes note of the entry into force, on 18 March 2007, of the Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions;
He's a sexist jerk anyway, I never want to talk to him again.
On the other hand, in Florida, forest fires were doused by the extra rain.
Evaluation 1. Review records to determine if necessary information has been assessed.
It urged Kuwait to design, implement and strengthen comprehensive awareness-raising measures to foster a better understanding of equality between women and men with a view to eradicating traditional stereotypes regarding the role and responsibilities of women and men in the family and society.
39. Mr. Aydogodyev (Turkmenistan) said that, guided by the Durban Declaration of the Movement of Non-aligned Countries, his delegation believed that the human rights situation in any country should be addressed only through a cooperative approach and with objectivity, impartiality, non-selectivity and transparency.
94. UNDP response.
The Committee emphasizes the obligation of immediate international notification whenever a State party takes measures derogating from its obligations under the Covenant.
at the $450m baseline
You should therefore come to class prepared to respond if called upon to open the case.
MR. SAKAI: Ah, yes, hello Don.
We strongly suspect that several hundred of these extremists are linked to Al Qaida.
Ancillary medical staff per 10000 inhabitants
The Committee also urges that the State party include in its next periodic report specific information on measures taken to implement the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the national level.
Make it tough for the enemy to get in and you can't get out.
The only information provided by the State party was that the author's death sentence was commuted to 15 years' imprisonment.
Spain accounted for the largest volume of cocaine seized in Europe and the third largest worldwide (49.2 tons, up from 17.6 tons in the previous year); it was followed by the Netherlands (17.5 tons).
72. The Mongolian delegation asked a question about determining excessive pricing in cases of abuse of dominance and the role of the competition authority in the case of uncontrolled price increases, especially during the transition from a centrally planned economy to a market economy.
(b) Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women and of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly
It should be noted that the development of women's and family business activity has always been controlled, inter alia, by imperfect law and an absence of support from the Government.
66. Substantive and substantial participation by women in formal interreligious dialogue projects should be a priority in order to address the current imbalance in the composition of high-level interreligious dialogue events where women tend to be marginalized.
I feel a bit tired. however I can hold on.
And a lot of nations have been developing coordinated plans for a temporary humanitarian force, under the leadership of Canada, to permit restoration of aid and repatriation of refugees.
553. Today's 3.6 billion urban dwellers are distributed unevenly among urban settlements of varying size.
I've already written down your name and address for you, but I will need your passport number.
Tatung University alumni
It continued to expand in terms of the membership, now numbering 110.
ALSO KNOWN AS: All Fool's Day HISTORY: The  evolved and spread to other countries, including Britian and Scotland.
While Africa is estimated to have produced about two percent of the carbon dioxide emissions that lead to global warming, experts say the continent will bear the brunt of a disproportional amount of disasters resulting from climate change.
At the Standing Committee's second meeting, Canada introduced a paper which provided an update on activities since the first meeting.
We changed the law on seat belt use and we brought the work of the police and road safety education together.
Beyond North Korea, Trump has also inherited difficult challenges elsewhere in East Asia.
101. The Commission agreed, however, that the unusual situation in the 2012 review, where a large increase in the child benefits in Geneva had resulted in a 16 per cent increase in the weighted average amount, could have been handled better without automaticity in the methodology.
Expressing grave concern at the extensive destruction by Israel, the occupying Power, of properties, including the increased demolition of homes, economic institutions, agricultural lands and orchards, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in particular in connection with its construction of the wall, contrary to international law, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including in and around East Jerusalem,
Concluding observations: the Sudan 220 - 293 53
In all these arrangements, women are not afforded the opportunities to be close to their children during working hours which negatively affects their performance in the workplace and also robs the child the opportunity to breastfeed during lunch hours.
Resolution 1391 (2002) Mandate extended until 31 July 2002
Most of the shadow banking system has disappeared, and traditional commercial banks are saddled with trillions of dollars in expected losses on loans and securities while still being seriously undercapitalized.
Any of the above evidence must be verified before it can be used as the basis for deciding cases.
Like many other delegations here we would like to enhance the responsiveness and flexibility of this Conference in meeting these and the many other challenges which we currently face.
- convicted of the murder of one Reginald Campbell and sentenced to death in the Clarendon Circuit Court on 15 December 1983.
CARICOM will continue to work intersessionally to formulate its position so that a future arms trade treaty includes within its scope small arms and light weapons and their ammunition.
Ratification, accession or succession
3. Economic Commission for Africa (ECA).
I hit the tree behind me when I put the car in reverse without looking first.
Chinari village (Berd district, Armenia) and Kokhanabi village (Tovuz district, Azerbaijan)
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 1335 hours, drove them off.
He put more weight in the forearms and ankles and shins , and gave him a flexible thin torso.
The goal has been to bring women's organizations together in an effort to consolidate gains; to focus on key thematic areas under the Beijing Platform for Action (BPFA); and, to develop positions to defend or introduce at the CSW sessions regarding contemporary issues facing Kenya, including challenges to reproductive rights and safeguarding women's gains through the constitutional review process.
In areas with no access to a health care service, malaria and diarrhoea must be treated by trained officers; a combination of essential family practices must be employed to reduce the risk of disease.
The results of monitoring, enforcement and compliance were evaluated by its Permanent Committee of Control and Enforcement and reported annually to the NEAFC Commission.
At that time, mathematicians took for granted the existence of a universal set-a set that contained everything.
Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea concerning article 8, paragraph 2 (c) (i)
Mathematical and theoretical biology
The Private Entity Monitoring Unit of the National Civil Police asserts that, for all registered enterprises, the total number of agents is 60,000 but the Guatemalan Chamber of Security (a professional trade association) estimates the figure to be at least 80,000 (Sandoval, 2010).
Dannelbourg
Power, money, love, sex?
Martigné-Ferchaud
The view was expressed that draft article E should be deleted.
43. At the same time, in April 2004, the Human Rights Organs carried out comprehensive revision of the official directives on investigation and resolution of human rights infringement cases. Under the revised directives, these organs commence swift relief procedures and, in coordination with the Spousal Violence Counseling and Support Centers, police and other related organizations conduct necessary investigation into cases of human rights violations and, by taking the appropriate steps required for each individual case, provide relief for victims of human rights violations and apply preventive measures against further recurrence.
The findings showed that low numbers of available professional and field staff, lack of skills and a high rate of turnover among professional staff were major constraints for most agricultural statistical systems.
Interestingly, upon hindsight today, despite her faults, many historians view her to had been a capable and attentive leader on the whole.
VI Fishing overcapacity
Movie DVD / Rent / Download
 Such a report would be appreciated as the Madrid Protocol comes up for ratification and would serve as a base for further work of the Antarctic Treaty system in protecting the Antarctic environment.
Between 28 and 38 per cent of the population was considered acutely food-insecure.
The model should enhance cross-practice and cross-regional approaches to human development and United Nations partnerships at the country and regional levels.
:: Paid for a vehicle for Mothers' Rural Care for AIDS Orphans, to be used to distribute food to food centres
Macao"s Chief Executive, Edmund Ho, has met top mainland officials for a progress report in a lead up to the territorys handover anniversary on Wednesday.
The per-capita income of residents in cities and towns is 2,120 yuan a year, 3.3 times higher than in 1981.
United States of America
The neural net uses these to modify its weights, and it aims to match its classifications with the targets in the training set.
There is also less than two weeks to go before a crucial referendum on the new Iraqi constitution.
Which means he doesn't fit my code.
You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.
Patience assistance from the driver , and large amounts of either clear road or horsepower are required.
It also welcomed the technical paper of the IPCC, and the ongoing work of the Ad Hoc Technical Expert Group on Biological Diversity and Climate Change under the CBD.
The Center has experienced the following ongoing problems: Information about international meetings and conferences is very sparse and generally arrives too late to be included in plans and budgets, and scarce funds and a small staff make attendance at international meetings very difficult.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
No organization or individual may obstruct the frontier inspector from lawfully executing his duties.
The draft resolution before us and today's consensus are fostering a similar pledge: to reinforce the scope and the power of the Olympic movement, linking athletes of the twenty-first century with those of ancient Greece.
36. Nevertheless, women in rural areas, and especially those who live in extreme economic deprivation, seem to prefer the option of having access to income, irrespective of the terms.
The combined eighth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Vienna Convention and the Twentieth Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol is expected to close by 6 p.m. on Friday, 20 November 2008.
Assess opportunities for collective action
The second revealed to me the history of man and Nature.
 The Board also took note of the report of Sessional Committee I in TD/B/43/ SC.1/L.1 and Add.1 and 2 and decided that it should form an integral part of the report of the Board on its forty-third session.
TV Land original sitcoms
Technical reports derived from meetings within the GEO process at global and subglobal levels; guidelines and manuals for the preparation and reporting of GEO-4 and subglobal GEO reports; and other targeted products including GEO for youth (four reports), (GC.22/1 I B) **
Recalling General Assembly resolution 49/214 of 23 December 1994, in which the Assembly encouraged the Commission to consider the draft declaration with the participation of representatives of indigenous people, on the basis of and in accordance with appropriate procedures to be determined by the Commission,
Hence, the adoption of the draft resolution would not entail any additional appropriation.
The draft resolution was adopted (resolution 62/240).
10:00 to 13:00 Closed meeting Conference Room C (NLB)
Accordingly, establishment of a dedicated focal point within the Department of Political Affairs to forge and build a stronger relationship between the United Nations and regional and subregional organizations is proposed.
81. The worsening HIV/AIDS situation and increase in the number of persons infected are attributable to socioeconomic and medical causes.
This commitment involves not only seeing that these communities enjoy access to services in their own language, but also having all federal institutions participate actively in fostering their development and enhancing their vitality.
In response to non-traditional security threats and challenges, the two sides pledged to implement in earnest the Extradition Treaty Between the People's Republic of China and the Kyrgyz Republic signed on 27 April 1998 and conduct closer cooperation on this basis to fight various transnational crimes.
The World Meteorological Organization is receiving data from the Monitoring System for research purposes.
Good morning, Mommy Dog.
To provide services the transportation enterprises affiliated to the Ministry and to accomplish the operation targets.
A representative for Google did not return emails seeking comment.
Improving aid effectiveness and exploring innovative sources of development finance remain priorities.
However, the other State or States concerned may incur obligations in relation to such a unilateral declaration to the extent that they clearly accepted such a declaration;
If the United Nations were to be perceived as losing legitimacy and fairness in that respect, it would become difficult to retain the wholehearted support of Member States.
Colonel Burr was arrested by order of President Thomas Jeffson and charged wITh treason.
Table 2.31 Resource requirements by subprogramme
At the same time, it recommended speeding up the pace of fiscal reforms to further build capacity and improve confidence in the economy.
10.30 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 10
The special unit was reportedly sent to the Nord and ExtrêmeNord provinces in March 1998, composed of some 40 members of the army and the gendarmerie, dressed in civilian clothing and heavily armed; it is active in the three northernmost provinces.
This paper presented the application of jet bubbling flue gas desulfurization in the industrial boilers.
to throw one's hat in the ring To throw one's hat in the ring "A former senator from Massachusetts named Paul Tsongas was the first Democrat to throw his hat in the ring for this year's presidential election."
 Failure to pay salaries in the near future may result in the rapid depletion of public services and in a general breakdown of law and order.
NGC 1199
Not all such systemic risk powers will be concentrated in the Fed.
I think I can swing that.
Source: See Ministry of Education and Sport, Memoria y Cuenta 2004, chapter 8 and Integrated System of Social Indicators for Venezuela.
Sexual exploitation and prostitution
Total liabilities
It also recalls that this act of terrorism is part of a series of similar acts that have been perpetrated in Syria's governorates by criminal gangs and mercenaries hired by countries from the region and outside it and that are providing the terrorists with financial and logistical support, as well as the political and media cover they need to escape punishment.
39. NGOs have initiated public information campaigns to encourage participation of their affiliates at all levels.
Presbyterian – The set up of the Presbyterian Church is very complex and difficult to define.
A further synthesis of the responses to these considerations is presented in part III below.
Health professionals stated that this could not be explained by seasonal factors alone, and they considered that fiscal austerity measures had had an impact on the situation of the elderly, especially those living on small pensions.
His passion for peace grew in intensity and profundity.
 101. In order to promote sustainable energy use, Governments, at the appropriate levels and in partnership with the private sector, non-governmental organizations, community-based organizations, and consumer groups, should, as appropriate:
AUD Office of the Inspector General
Meaning of the expression "representatives of States Parties present and voting"
The proposal would add a new Article 2J to the Protocol that would require the control of the production and consumption of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) and two low global-warming potential hydrofluorocarbons (also called hydrofluoroolefins (HFOs)).
 The second objective was to highlight the actions needed to ensure that the new system would be successfully implemented.
26. The Committee is concerned about the large number of persons living in poverty (42 per cent) and in extreme poverty (10 per cent) in the State party.
32. There have been interesting examples of countries that have decided to organize inclusive debates about diversity and non-discrimination, bringing together all stakeholders to discuss how to better live together.
UNITAR develops, improves and extends training programmes in the fields of international affairs management and in economic and social development.
Measures for the uniform national examination for the qualification as a lawyer shall be formulated by the judicial administration department under the State Council.
By integrating planning for biodiversity and forests within national planning frameworks, to:
31. On the night of 14 July 2009, acting again on the Group’s information, the MONUC Pakistani military contingent seized another arms cache in a different house in Uvira, including eight 107 mm rockets, two AK-47 rifles, nineteen rounds of 7.62 x 39 mm ammunition, ten 82 mm mortar bombs, twenty-one fuses for mortar bombs, and 62 rounds of 12.7 mm machine-gun ammunition.
Only a global forum can meet a global problem.
I ask the ambassadors and foreign ministers who happen to be present here to take the message to my fellow heads of State in Africa that we should not let down the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and, above all, the people of Angola.
Consultations continue, under the facilitation of my Special Representative, between the Government delegation and Rear Admiral Bubo Na Tchuto for the latter's voluntary departure from the United Nations compound.
9. International cooperation, both bilateral and multilateral, was regarded by many responding States as the main avenue for successful action against criminal groups whose operations and interests were no longer restricted by national borders.
The crooks were hauled before the court.
The requirements for loans are complex and women may be unable to write submissions set out business plans or put up collateral or unable to assert personal control over money they earn.
It had also signed and ratified the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
Input to the Commission on Sustainable Development
This may help explain why T3 in Beijing is such a success, and why Chinese are now more united than ever before in condemning attempts to hijack or sully the Olympics for ulterior motives.
However, the refugees included former rebels who were members of warring factions trafficking in light weapons, thus endangering his country's stability and security in both the border areas and in the interior.
Mgt Support Offr/Tech Secretariat
This dual governing arrangement involved four budget reviews and approval processes whereas the approval of the regular budget requires a submission of the strategic framework through the Committee for Programme and Coordination and the corresponding regular budget to the Fifth Committee, while the approval and submission of the institutional budget goes through the Executive Board.
1. The International Law Commission was established by the General Assembly in its resolution 174 (II) of 21 November 1947 for the promotion of the progressive development of international law and its codification.
More needs to be done to improve public access to data on human development and the MDGs.
Non-post resources of $347,900 will cover requirements for overtime, consultants and experts, travel of staff and contractual services.
One day Dayong saw a beautiful girl and they fell in love at first sight. The girl followed Dayong to Luoyang and married him
They also drew attention to related challenges that seriously constrain women's access to information technology: high illiteracy rates/low educational levels among women and girls; lack of skills training; and the problem of content presented in unfamiliar languages.
Two, of two weeks and of three weeks, respectively, with a one-week pre-session working group (1. April-May; 2. November)
However, the following domestic legislations provide the legislative framework to deal with acts of terrorism and activities related to it:
119. The Conference commended the efforts of the Research Center for Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRCICA) in Istanbul aimed at preserving the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
(a) Note by the Secretary-General concerning the vacancies in the membership of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions that would occur as a result of the expiration of the term of office of five of its members on 31 December 2012 (A/67/101);
2. If the Chairperson ceases to hold office pursuant to rule 19, the remaining officers shall designate one of the Vice—Chairpersons to take his or her place until the election of a new Chairperson.
23. Mr. Chowdhury (Bangladesh) said that, despite recent encouraging developments and economic growth in some developing economies, the gap between rich and poor was widening, the reverse transfer of resources was continuing, interest rates and inflation were increasing and oil prices were soaring.
22. Accelerated ICT development and, especially, Internet applications are likely to have an important impact on the tax revenues of individual Governments.
or by fax: (852) 2371 4171.
And even in top gear the pace is sedate, while the lowest gear practically leaves you pedalling on the spot.
Monitored regrouping centres/cantonment sites in 17 towns/cities throughout Côte d'Ivoire
I don't know why I agreed to mail her these things.Ken: I know why, because you are the nicest sister in the world.
Just now as you said the relapse rate so high, then what should we pay attention to in order to reduce the relapse rate?
1 decision
It introduces a system under which financial institutions will report to the authorities of member States with a view to the monitoring of transactions linked to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea which may contribute to nuclear proliferation, thereby facilitating the implementation of resolution 1874 (2009), paragraph 18.
Germany (155)
The Group encourages further cooperation with other bodies associated with the transport of dangerous goods, including the International Civil Aviation Organization and the International Maritime Organization.
MONUC is providing logistical support, training and planning assistance to the FARDC-led operations aimed at containing and isolating the LRA in the Garamba Park area.
EPI Expanded Programme Immunization
Of course stand is very simple, but you slide down to is a circle.
Think about Kashmir.  Think about India.
Information about the disappearance is broadcast on television and published in other media, and photographs and descriptions of the missing person are circulated to the relevant authorities.
In conjunction with the implementation of the Department of Management's plan to prevent fraud and corruption, 13 new posts would provide a capacity to deal with an expected significant increase in reported cases of complex fraud.
Those statements, again, underline the nature of this Israeli Government and the need for immediate actions by the international community.
The real limiting factor for productivity is your energy levels and ability to pay attention.
73. The Special Court for Sierra Leone convicted Charles Taylor, the former President of Liberia, of planning, aiding and abetting war crimes and crimes against humanity.
19. In the 1990s, as ICT started to penetrate every facet of economic and social interaction, the need for measurements that would satisfy the growing thirst for understanding of the underlying transformations became very clear.
12. Military bases and facilities in formerly colonized regions adversely affected not only the interests of the peoples of those regions but also those of neighbouring States.
(b) Fostering individuals who think creatively and are able to communicate their views on vital personal issues.
Empathy: Social media personifies companies. It allows us to see who it is we’re hoping to reach, and what motivates them.
President of the Republic of Panama
Welcome Home Light the Fire within Share the Sprit 1.Harmony,Radiance,Grace 2.The celebration of the city Friends Forever One World, One DreamBillions of Dreams Live in Harmony ?
Workshops on awareness-raising for the three chemicals conventions, e.g., subregional workshop on chemicals conventions for English-speaking Caribbean countries, July 2005, Jamaica;
For example, the State should prevent and punish discrimination in private workplaces.
The poor remain marginalized and excluded, and day by day their ranks are increasing considerably.
81. A first assessment of the investigation activities of the national coordination service on the fight against criminal activities on the Internet within the Swiss Federal Police shows that about a fifth of its reports on pornography involves children.
Under the Polish legal system, there is a wide range of public officials enjoying immunity from prosecution (parliamentarians, judges, prosecutors, members of the Tribunal of State, the President of the Supreme Chamber of Control, and the Commissioner for Citizens' Rights).
(Signed) Jim McLay
The Vienna Group of Ten proposes that the Preparatory Committee agree on the following draft recommendations to the Review Conference:
Riches either serve or govern the possessor
4.8 As regards the author's complaints about the lawyer who represented him at trial, the State party argues that it cannot be held responsible for the manner in which a lawyer conducts a case, whether he is privately retained or appointed by the State.
32. Based on consultations held during the expert’s visit, two of the Government’s priority needs which could be the subjects of a technical cooperation programme may be advanced, namely, (a) a civic education campaign, to result in the opening of a national debate; and (b) the holding of a colloquium on criminal law for the various sectors in the judicial system.
(b) Consolidated conclusions, recommendations and other proposed actions;
Bank fees
The following intergovernmental organization was represented: World Customs Organization.
In the same vein, we hail the establishment of the OIC Plan of Action for Cooperation with Central Asia, and agree that such regional frameworks have huge potentials for promoting effective and rewarding cooperation among the OIC Member States.
He said that he would like to be able to report at the next opportunity on more results related to behavioural change.
Identifying novel financing mechanisms to overcome the economic barriers to market penetration of new energy technologies.
Reaffirming that States have the primary responsibility to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms of all human beings, including women, children and older persons,
Thirdly, the safeguards for the prevention of arbitrary arrests, and in particular the legal obligation to immediately inform the Human Rights Commission of arrests and detentions, seem not to be widely known by the law enforcement bodies and are often disregarded in practice.
34.20 The estimated percentage distribution of resources under this section is shown in table 34.2.
9. Members' views are invited on the proposal to make an order under the AA Ordinance to extend AA's scope of permitted activities.
In order to assist in dealing with incidents including dangerous substances a special system has been established.
"Recalling all previous resolutions in which it called upon the international community to continue to render material, technical and financial assistance for the economic rehabilitation of Angola, including 59/216, adopted by consensus on 22 December 2004,
Norway
He made darkness His hiding place, His canopy around Him, Darkness of waters, thick clouds of the skies.
Training of 20 local journalists in core journalistic techniques and practices
At the level of the Commission, the author argues that the decision was without jurisdiction, that it disregarded the Ontario Code's preamble and international human rights law, that its interpretation of "creed" was unduly narrow, that it failed properly to take into account the intersection of political opinion, race and religion in his case, and that it failed to draw an inference of discrimination.
Although preference was expressed for the use of the concept of “purpose”, the point was made that the concept of “intent” should be used.
His brother’s son, who was imprisoned, had not been allowed to attend his father’s funeral.
Ready when you are, brother Let 'er buck Yee-haw!
24 December 2008
27. While the level of care and access to services is overall high in the urban areas, many risks related to child survival and development and to child protection remain, particularly in informal urban settlements, such as Kibera, a slum of about 1 million inhabitants located in Nairobi.
This can all be done on the diagram surface as follows.
For example, UNFPA contributed as a member of the United Nations inter-agency subgroup for young people to organize a review meeting for the life skills programmes that are currently used in the subregion.
"There were in existence at the outbreak of the first World War a number of treaties (to which one or more neutral States were parties) the object of which was to regulate the conduct of hostilities, e.g., the Declaration of Paris of 1856, and certain of the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907.
Beijing–Qinhuangdao Railway
3. Translation and editorial services
World Vision International
He stressed the importance for the review process to meet best international practices of constitutionalism.
(resolution 68/106) Adopted
"Look at me.
The Office will work with the African Union Commission on the implementation of this jointly agreed strategy in line with the United Nations strategic objectives in Africa and within the framework of Security Council resolution 2033 (2012) and General Assembly resolution 67/302.
Would you like to saw a tree for me?
25. This is an area where urgent action is required and to which the Special Representative pays priority attention.
His Excellency Jan Grauls
Local leaders said that there were more inhabited villages in the vicinity, but due to time constraints and unfavorable weather the team had to turn back.
Transfer of technology/capacity-building/education/science/ awareness-raising
As for the arrangements made to try Saddam Hussein and the chief officials of the previous regime, there is a serious risk of their resulting in a verdict based on a trial that contravenes those rules.
8. As noted in paragraph 3 of the memorandum and in the statement relating thereto, the following nine States had not, as of the time of the meeting of the Credentials Committee, formally communicated to the Secretary-General of the Conference any information regarding their representatives to the Conference: Azerbaijan, Cameroon, Cook Islands, Guinea-Bissau, Kiribati, Micronesia (Federal States of), Niue, Sao Tome and Principe and Togo.
Summary
5 October 2005
Women who travel for migrant labour are particularly vulnerable.
(xii) Second report of the Secretary-General on the programme budget for the biennium 1990-1991 - final appropriations for 1990-1991 (A/C.5/47/77/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1);
Astronomical objects discovered in 1928
Note by the secretariat
Draft resolution I is entitled "The illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects".
While contributions and pledges to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund had almost tripled between the biennium 1994-1995, when they had amounted to slightly more than US$ 1 million, and the biennium 1996-1997, when they had reached US$ 3.1 million, projections for the current biennium were not promising.
You're somewhere on this boat.
If a request for extradition is refused, the principle of supplementary justice or the principle of penal law through representation may be applied.
“It is not fun to be criticised but what we are trying to do is provide ratings that are useful,” said Christopher Mahoney, Chairman of Moody's Credit Policy Committee.
However, in spite of the enormous economic problems and the unpleasant events during the last year, which have hampered some of the Government's efforts at further consolidation of security and normalcy in the country, important steps have been taken towards the evolution of the political process.
Several schemes have been put in place to propagate sport and to provide incentives for sporting activities.
Designation of regional and subregional point of contact on Programme of Action implementation
Humidity Calibrators / Humidity Generators (Quotation can be provided upon request.)
The Global Compact Office should devise a plan of action to provide local networks with more effective guidance on how to achieve self-reliance and ownership in implementing the 10 principles, taking into account their various needs, including language diversity.
Analysis on succession for composition of plant community and its meteorological condition in region around Qinghai Lake .
In 2006, Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS was endorsed.
The Committee's concluding observations are set out below.
In all of these, UN-Women provided a holistic picture and many details of its work, including achievements and challenges in its normative support, operational and coordination functions, and the results achieved through the integration of these functions.
Likewise it said nothing about maternity protection, in terms of maternity leave and payments granted by the State.
Do not get your hopes too high.
This is very sweet. what did you do?
Abidjan
No more photos means they never got off the highway.
The Committee should be given discretion to consider all data relevant to capacity to pay and all other pertinent factors in arriving at its recommendations.
The increased salinity has destroyed many of our traditional pulaka pit gardens and is forcing us to adopt more salt-resistant crops.
The report's final section contains conclusions and recommendations.
I had enough to do to catch the tram.
People were indulged in the hot rhythm and again, it is classic.
DAVE: Perhaps it is, sir.
CIC is nursing a heavy loss on its Blackstone stake.Shares in Och-Ziff have lost almost a fifth of their value since the hedge fund's initial public offering.
Now his elder son was in the field, and when he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard music and dancing.
I hope that as I've aged and matured, I've become more aware of the softer skills and have a broader view of what makes someone a good teammate.
Committee of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters
United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon
Assistance to Somalia in the field of human rights: report of the independent expert appointed by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Somalia, Mr. Ghanim Alnajjar, submitted in accordance with Commission resolution 2002/88
The typhoon storm surge and the storm current are frequently natural hazards for the ocean engineering.
We encourage UNMIK and the Special Representative to pursue a consistent policy against destabilizing forces and criminal elements and for establishing the rule of law as the social foundation of Kosovo.
93. The Procurement and Travel Section currently covers the procurement of supplies, services and equipment along with the provision of travel services for all sectors of the Tribunal.
The apportionment of resources shown in column 3 reflects a pro rata reduction of the Secretary-General's original cost estimates.
Conveyor type digital jet printer will not produce ink jet quality problem caused by uneven materials.
(a) Pursuant to rule 303.2, staff members whose salary rates are set out in section I of appendix A to these Rules shall receive, for any regular working hours between 6 p.m. and 9.30 a.m., a night differential at the rate of 10 per cent of their net base salary, provided that no such differential shall be paid for any part of the tour of duty that begins between 6 a.m. and 9.30 a.m.
Read this article to learn how to properly do these two things.
All liquid formulations of paraquat should contain suitable alerting agents (dye and stench) to reduce the risk of accidental oral ingestion of the product.
The Committee commends the quality and openness of the report which follows the consolidated guidelines.
(a) The existence of an agreement governing UNDP programme activities in a programme country in the form of a standard agreement, or, in the absence of a standard agreement, in the form of a standard annex to the project document, is a precondition for the approval of UNDP programme activities or for otherwise encumbering funds for UNDP programme activities.
A. Opening and duration of the session
At WHO, no single entity has responsibility for administering that policy, as claims of retaliation are handled by the Internal Oversight Services or informally by the Ombudsman.
On Golden Pond tells the deceptively simple tale of one family's summer.
UNCDF United Nations Capital Development Fund
Estonia
The Government regretted the fact that the mandate holders had issued predetermined positions against the Government and had joined the unfair campaign of propaganda against the Syrian Arab Republic led by armed groups and unfriendly countries.
Both Chen Shui-bian, the incumbent president from the pro-independence Democratic Progressive party, in office since 2000, and his predecessor Lee Teng-hui started out with a pragmatic approach to China but quickly hardened their attitude after Beijing frustrated their efforts.
A seachange this, brown eyes saltblue.
It would have, however, welcomed Grenada's response to its recommendation to continue to work to ensure that domestic legislation conformed with international human rights laws, and where necessary, seek the assistance of the international community.
Table 3
The drummer was beating on the cymbals.
The delegations looked forward to studying the proposals of the Internal Justice Council on the ways in which the delays in the disposal of cases could be addressed.
I'll see you across.
"The General Assembly,
15. In November 1995, the Government of Burundi convened a "friends of Burundi" meeting with the international community in Bujumbura as a precursor for a proposed round table in the months to follow.
Maybe you can talk him into sparing all our lives by giving himself up, I can try.
General Political Structure
78. The situation in Myanmar (15 September 2006; 13 July 2009).
`And why didn't mamma speak to me about him?
Tai Hing Post Office
Don't disturb the kids because they are studying.
Given this, there is a likelihood that, if there is an increase in morbidity induced by displacement, the first to be hit will be the females.
Shipments from the United States to Cuba rose from nil in 2000 to nearly 75,000 tons by 2003, pushing Cuba to become the seventh largest export market for the United States for chicken meat.
His lawyer says Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick will plead guilty to federal dogfighting conspiracy charges.
But there is no denying that companies’ decisions have far-reaching consequences.
"I know your father was also a lion tamer, " the reporter queried.
I  have  wished  to  know  why  the  stars  shine.
The other is to lay the foundation for the further study of the origin of Chinese ancient civilization by means of multi disciplinary research.
Since 2005, Samoa's focus had been on strengthening the legal and policy framework for the advancement of women in order to ensure that women were participating in social and economic development not only as contributors to and equal partners, but also as beneficiaries of development at all levels.
I'm very optimistic.
The Committee also calls on the State party to make full use of the Committee's general recommendation 24 on women and health as a framework in the development of gender- and age-sensitive health policies and programmes.
22. Since the successful completion of the MDGs and the post-2015 development agenda depended on a global commitment on financing for development - and ODA to Africa was declining -- actions had to be taken urgently to enable African countries to sustain their development and adapt to new challenges.
Greece will need to take these actions anyway, default or not, if it is to regain its competitiveness.
We look forward to fostering such cooperation during this process.
The committee will be composed of representatives from the ministries of health, education, and women and of other gender-related agencies.
Report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East - 1 July 2002-30 June 2003
Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons (operative paragraphs 1 and 2);
Tuesday, 15 November 2011, from 3 to 4.30 p.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
As at 31 December 1995, holdings of Myanmar kyats and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea wons totalled the equivalent of $3.1 and $0.7 million, respectively, which represents an increase of $0.16 and $0.2 million, respectively, in the course of 1995.
22. Draft article 47
The research of Internet-based remote control has been paid more and more attention.
Ecuador
 Such a study might address ways and means of encouraging greater recognition of the role of the Chamber for Environmental Affairs established within the International Court of Justice and its wider use in the peaceful settlement of environmental disputes.
General Assembly
Report of the Secretary-General (A/67/___)
The purpose of the strategy was to provide for the proper identification of future development opportunities and the removal or mitigation of conditions preventing their full realization.
In contrast, subscriptions can be used to schedule and then automate the delivery of a report.
5. These objectives were addressed through five areas of concentration -- poverty eradication, gender, environmental sustainability, governance, and emerging and cross-cutting issues.
3. This was the message of several major global conferences that took place in 2008, such as the new Development Cooperation Forum of the Economic and Social Council, the high-level event on the Millennium Development Goals, the Doha Review Conference on financing for development and the Third High-level Forum on Aid Effectiveness.
In fact, if there has been any “abuse” of one’s “dominant position,” it has been committed by the EU.
The engineering reaction study is based on the research of engineering geology condition.
The Committee is particularly concerned at the level of respect for the rights of Roma children.
Rather than emphasizing growth strategies that see employment as a side outcome, development strategies, including macroeconomic policy, need to promote inclusive growth and support aggregate demand, and to prioritize employment and decent work as a primary development objective.
It identifies the policies that promote these practices and existing protection gaps.
Unsurprisingly, the way state jobs are filled, from the presidency down, has become a source of deep and widespread bitterness.
The Board recommends that the Administration formulate written procedures for space management and ensure their application in the following areas: planning for needs; allocating place and arbitrating requests; retrieving floor space; and limiting urgent requests.
Sudan
6.There is an unconscious heeling process within the mind which mends up in spite of our desperate determination never to forget. She is a very talktive and kind person.
163. A number of national plans and policies, whose implementation should have an impact on the exercise of human rights, have been adopted, including the national human rights policy and action plan, the national human rights education policy, the youth violence prevention policy, the public policy on combating human trafficking and providing comprehensive victim protection, the public policy on peaceful coexistence and elimination of racism and racial discrimination, and the national policy on promoting equity for Guatemalan women.
Protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism
History of the Portable Document Format
The decision is appealed on its merits by Radovan Stanković, whereas the Prosecutor appealed the part in the decision according to which the Prosecutor is ordered to monitor the process in Sarajevo and report regularly to the Referral Bench.
Tottenham Hotspur, our former goalkeeper's current club, has released the following statement.
We read our mail, wash, eat breakfast, read the plan of our work day.
The source states that Mr. Sharifyanov and Ms. Garayeva had asked Mr. Matveyev to help them to purchase narcotics and that they gave him money for that purpose.
Executive Board of the World Food Programme
Page
The Commission for Kosovo was originally mandated in 1999 to decide three types of claims, related not only to the armed conflict but also to the complex history of ethnic discrimination in the region.
In practice, the proportion of men availing themselves of this right is still very slight, less than 2%, as may be seen in the accompanying table:
Agenda items 94 and 101
The decrease (see table 2) reflects reductions under Chambers ($1,483,600), the Office of the Prosecutor ($21,017,200), the Registry ($73,654,900) and the records management and archives component ($2,630,600) owing mainly to the reduction in trial and appeal activity during the biennium 2014-2015.
26 plants in 13 locations
Draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.32: Enhancement of international cooperation in the field of human rights (continued)
Republic of El Salvador
119. Contrary to the organization's environmental goals, UNFPA lacked a formal written policy on its environmental management strategy.
This week, the topic of the DPI/NGO briefing will be "Weapons of mass destruction: The challenges of non-proliferation and disarmament", in observance of Disarmament Week (24-30 October).
61. Estimates are that approximately 1.1 million people, or some 75 per cent of the population of Gaza, suffer from food insecurity, up from 56 per cent in the first quarter of 2008.
The Committee presented its Report and Recommendations to the Legislative Assembly in the beginning of October 2006.
(d) The First and Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in October 2007;
We believe that with the strong support of the international community, we will eventually overcome the difficulties and rebuild our home.
The introducing of electronic computers has brought about a profound revolution in the banking area.
16 Currently nine LDCs (Benin, Burkina Faso, Malawi, Mauritania, Mozambique, Senegal, United Republic of Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia) participate in the Programme.
Authorities say two trains collided during the morning rush in Rome.
Ratified on 29 April 1997
http://treaties.un.org/
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Brazil, France, Indonesia, Norway, Senegal, South Africa and Thailand, founding members of the Foreign Policy and Global Health Initiative, met in New York on 22 September 2010, on the margins of the sixty-fifth session of the United Nations General Assembly, to review progress, renew commitments and focus the agenda going forward.
(b) To request the Secretary-General to submit to the Council at its tenth session a report on the rights of the child, with information on the status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child;
The Government had undertaken a number of initiatives to respond to the plight of children, notably the enactment of the Children's Protection and Welfare Act of 2011.
(b) Hearing with civil society, in accordance with paragraph 117 of the São Paulo Consensus
25. Obviously, the high-level Coordinator will not be able to achieve what he is mandated to accomplish unless and until the Iraqi leadership substantially changes its current attitude.
10 a.m. 3rd meeting Conference Room 3
This will ensure that scientific tools and mechanisms developed for human rights investigations will have a longer-term effect.
According to ILO, more girls under 16 years are in domestic service than in any other category of child labour.
7. Mr. AMARI (Tunisia) said that his delegation also had no objection as long as the commitment authority to be given the Secretary-General was similar to that approved for MINUSAL.
Addendum
How do you create that flat management structure?
An atmosphere of education is promoted in the churches.
Report of Slovenia pursuant to resolution 1624 (2005)
Longer-term funding trends positive
— Maternity Allowance: a non—taxable lump—sum payment for each child born to families who qualify for Family Payment.
IV. Other recommendations 37-88 10
You start to see how even the repetitive movements of the spools and pegs had a certain symmetrical beauty.
A comprehensive database, hotline and website implemented and fully operational
(g) Prisoners transferred to forced labour camps;
Unfortunately, there had been an increase in intimidation and reprisals against civil society representatives, and the Secretary-General reported annually to the Council on instances of reprisals against persons who had cooperated with special rapporteurs and other United Nations mechanisms.
"Hair becomes dry when the cuticle starts to break down and the inner fiber is exposed," Dr. Mirmirani says.
However, isolated clashes were reported in the disputed Sool and Sanaag regions, in particular the Buuhoodle border area between a group known as the Sool, Sanaag and Cayn militia and "Somaliland" troops.
The unity of government which constitutes you one people is now dear to you.
Finally, as a means of accelerating future progress, it is important that these special meetings of the General Assembly concentrate on building consensus among Member States concerning financing for the Programme of Action and the availability of additional expertise to help developing countries.
With regard to the media, efficient measures aimed at fostering mutual respect, understanding and cooperation are based on key legal provisions, and special bodies which are of mixed composition monitor public broadcasters with respect to their adherence to the programme's principles.
Now they are visible in the farultraviolet region of the spectrum and, for the first time, we are tracking them to learn more about the structure of auroras
Britain officially pulled out last spring.
It'll be hard for us to have a conversation here.
Combining with the seismic distribution of the area, the possible generating fault has been discussed.
Land Registry Trading Fund Results 2003/04
When a shaken Kim turns back to her friend's lifeless body, Rick grabs her from behind.
School-leavers who have won prizes in international and national contests are also entitled to enter higher vocational training institutes without sitting a competitive examination.
Gross pens. 643 536 664 727 686 729 708 730 730 730 752 732 774 733 796 735 818 736 840 736 862 738 884 740
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs is reserving the right to nominate the humanitarian coordinator in the event of emergency.
The infrastructure will include a wide area network through a combination of satellite and terrestrial links and commercial Internet service providers, radio and mobile communications, messaging systems, videoconferencing services and geospatial services.
Human resources management
Occupation of part of Azerbaijani territory by Armenia in 1993 had led the United Nations Security Council to address the problem and pass four historic resolutions reaffirming respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
The Chairman of the Central Military Commission is responsible to the National People's Congress and its Standing Committee.
I think l kind of want it.
2017 BWF World Championships
JPNd
She had fought valiantly to keep me from knowing her secret. She had been hiding that sore throat for three days at least and lying to her parents in order to escape just such an outcome as this.
The grant of legal aid is mandatory in appeals against conviction for murder. This is to ensure that all relevant matters are placed before the court by the appellant's legal representative.
My shrink told me I was crazy.
131.93 Adopt legislative and administrative measures to prevent any form of discrimination against minority ethnic groups in education, health, employment, housing and other areas (China);
Economic and environmental questions: human settlements
I will respect the teachers and avoid coming into conflicts with the teachers.
A most welcome outcome of the increased use of information technology by many private and public operators in different transit stages of the transport to and from landlocked countries is the vast production of precise transit data.
:: Continue to manage the issue of repatriation in strict collaboration with Burundi in an effort to preserve subregional stability
Since the 1960s we have witnessed unprecedented advances in space technology coming within the reach of an increasing number of both developed and developing countries.
Politics of North Korea
Little New York, Alabama
That Conference was an opportunity to highlight the need to react at the political and institutional levels to combat all forms of intolerance and discrimination in order to guarantee respect for human rights and to ensure that every citizen feels protected by the law and has concrete proof of the solidarity of others when his or her rights are flouted.
But despite all of my reservations, I was willing to move forward on those American ideas.
Article 30
(b) Other substantive activities (XB)
My own sweet little mistress sprang on my neck, sobbing: Ellen! Ellen!
 In conclusion, whereas the question of the scale of assessments needs to be addressed, the cash-flow problems of the Organization will never be solved unless Member States pay their assessed contributions in full and on time.
No one should be in doubt as to the importance of achieving sustainable development.
In this context, the Foundation has found that effective programmes of development cooperation should be based on a job-creation strategy that links economic and social development and the quality of human capital as one of the main factors of production, which is key to economic growth and productivity.
Status and Action of the Theory of "Deficiency and Decline in Essence and Blood" in TCM Study on Senility Postponement
I don't like to take it easy, I like to get things done.鈥?
Now literacy is universal and national examinations are used to decide who goes to the top universities.
triton of the minnows
The report of the Joint Inspection Unit entitled "Review of enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems in United Nations organizations" (A/68/344) examines the implementation and use of those applications, including upgrades and extensions implemented since the systems were first introduced.
You don't get to tell me how I feel right now.
In South Asia, mangroves, coastal forests and wetlands have declined in both surface area and in terms of their composition, and there is ample evidence that fish stocks and other endangered marine species are also declining or fast disappearing.
The Board of Auditors has also, over the years, identified numerous deficiencies and weaknesses in this area and made recommendations for improvement.
Underlining the importance of the creation and development of conditions to foster greater harmony and tolerance between migrant workers and the rest of the society of the State in which they reside, with the aim of eliminating the growing manifestations of racism and xenophobia perpetrated by individuals or groups against migrant workers in certain segments of many societies,
Estimated budget: R$ 394,202.00.
But, because culture cannot be rendered in mathematical terms, economists typically embrace the idea of a pre-cultural humanness.
On the basis of the facts before it, the Committee considers that the differences in treatment between Roman Catholic religious schools, which are publicly funded as a distinct part of the public education system, and schools of the author's religion, which are private by necessity, cannot be considered reasonable and objective.
 14. WHO has endeavoured to move the tobacco or health agenda towards the problem of protecting the developing countries, which can still avoid the looming tobacco epidemic.
2. The situation in Cyprus
Chapter
And, third 3)occupation that I want to do is be an 4)aeronautical engineer and build space stations in space.
It is clear that an organization merely existing on paper cannot be considered a subject of international law.
In addition to rebuilding a shattered society in legal and economic terms, UNMIK must also strive to rebuild communities.
The President (spoke in Spanish): The Conference has the honour to receive the Minister for European Affairs and Integration of the Republic of Moldova, His Excellency Mr. Iurie Leancă.
I knew mosquitoes flew everywhere in our room, but it seemed nothing to me.
182-010: Posts
Special Investigations
Implementation of article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
They do so in an unusual effort to court voters abroad.
Generators account for a $2.9 million increase in requirements to accommodate the increase in troops.
(vi) Provision of policy guidance and information support services, including central information technology support for the network of satellite libraries (namely, the United Nations Office at Geneva Linguistic Library, the United Nations Library at Vienna and the libraries of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the International Telecommunication Union);
154. The Committee recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures to ensure full implementation of the present recommendations, inter alia, by transmitting them to the members of the Council of Ministers or the Cabinet or a similar body, the Parliament, and to provincial or State Governments and Parliaments, where applicable, for appropriate consideration and further action.
At its fifty-sixth session, the Committee received a briefing from the experts designated to conduct inquiry No. 2011/1 on a visit that they had undertaken to the territory of the State party concerned.
For example, linking performance appraisal with results-based management would increase the impact of those initiatives on staff productivity.
She did concur with the Secretary-General that it was problematic that the Kosovo Serbs did not participate in the provisional institutions in Kosovo.
Supply-side innovation policies have traditionally played an important role in guiding innovation efforts and continue to do so.
In addition, the Government has enacted a law -- the National Code on HIV/AIDS and Employment -- which prohibits discrimination on the basis of an individual's HIV status.
The Special Rapporteur has recognized the force of these suggestions and proposes the inclusion of former paragraph 2, of draft article 5, in new draft article 5 bis.
ICAO
Lee said countries will benefit if they combine tighter monetary policy and flexible exchange rate policy.
Complete other task that assigned by Chairman or Senior Assistant to Chairman of Special project department.
(f) Sustainable management of tuna fisheries and biodiversity conservation in the areas beyond national jurisdictions.
With the financial support received, the Programme had helped to significantly enhance cooperation, exchange of information and consultation among the High Contracting Parties as well as States not parties to the Convention on many issues related to the Convention and its Protocols.
For all workers employed on such tasks, the working day is extended to a maximum of ten hours, and the employer is also required to mention on the tables of working hours displayed in his establishment, and to communicate to the Labour Inspectorate, the names of the employees to which those derogations apply.
Such participation is useful both to allow the Special Rapporteur to present his work and recommendations and to exchange ideas and share experiences, thus enriching his approach in presenting his views to the Commission.
CONFERENCE ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The Committee also notes that the author is a police officer who sought to avoid repressing political protesters during the post-election demonstrations, thus revealing his political convictions to his superiors.
040 Consultants
Table 66
We should add their diluent reduces the concentration of ofmaize.
Perisserosa guttata
Comoros
Koulou
In the first six months of operation, i.e. from July through December, 499,338 loan contracts totalling Cr$ 1.1 billion were signed in the country.
Georgia
63. The pursuit by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea of technical information is more difficult to detect and prevent than its efforts to acquire equipment.
CHRISTOPHER CRUISE: People with untreated OCD may not be able to control the urge to repeat senseless activities.
Chapter two comparing the relationship in foreign MSS gains some suggestions from the two aspects of macroscopic principle and microscopic application.
The amount of the parent's benefit in absolute terms is SK 2,740 monthly.
Win 95 let millions of users forget about DOS commands and start checking out the Internet, and its interface set the pattern for Microsoft's subsequent operating systems.
By hard work, many people have raised themselves from indigence to wealth.
A. Recording
18. The Conference reaffirmed its support to the people of Jammu & Kashmir for their legitimate right to self-determination, in accordance with the relevant UN Resolutions.
The present high-level meeting had demonstrated a broad consensus on that approach.
Local people's governments at all levels shall adopt measures to ameliorate medium-and low-yielding land and consolidate idle and scattered and abandoned land.
recosting
The entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol in February 2005 will be an important step towards a new era in the dissemination of ESTs, because it offers the opportunity for broader interaction among economic actors through the CDM.
Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/55/574) [88]
Have you seen your father?
While appreciating the proposal for a bill to provide an interpretation of article 93 of the Criminal Code, regarding grounds for exemption from criminal liability, the Committee is concerned that the proposal has not been accepted (arts. 1 and 4).
11 April 2004
Mukilteo, Washington
By June the students have usuallysolved the problem and begin to make preparations for leaving their books to enter the business world.Reasons for wanting a summer job are different from student to student.
109. With regard to draft guideline 3.2, the Special Rapporteur said that it followed from articles 20, 21 and 23 of the Vienna Conventions that any contracting State or international organization could assess the validity of the reservations formulated with respect to a treaty.
 The most dangerous of these is the plan to amend the Constitution of Puerto Rico, not to expand rights but to constrict them by abolishing the current provision guaranteeing every accused Puerto Rican the right to bail and prohibiting more than six months' detention without trial under any circumstances.
Democratic Republic of the Congo Guinea Bissau
Shooting at the 2004 Summer Olympics
1. "Together We Fly" - "Heartwarming Stamps" mini-pane with holder
17 October 2002
The recommendations noted the need to: (i) incorporate the discussion of gender in sexual and reproductive health action; (ii) make the most of men's presence in Youth Centres to widen this reflection, in particular with regard to the masculinity; (iii) capitalize on the window of opportunity created by the gender violence Law to further engage in discussion of the different expressions of gender inequality, especially those that reflect on sexual and reproductive health practices; (iv) incorporate a sexuality approach in interventions, that consider the positives aspects and need for protection, other than that related to risk and danger, as a means of recognizing pleasure and the need for its preservation; (v) address sexuality and family reproductive health in a wider context of women's health offer; (vi) strengthen the educational work in communities on sexuality, in order to reach families; (vii) promote peer education, with the assistance of young volunteers; and (viii) intensify recurrent training of the staff of sexual and reproductive health services.
In rural areas, where the problem of land ownership and use arises, whether to grow lawful or unlawful crops or to exploit mineral resources, Amerindian and Afro—Colombian leaders are murdered by members of paramilitary organizations armed by landowners or drug—traffickers.
If that figure was compared with the extrabudgetary resources of $35.5 million, it became clear why the reports of special rapporteurs often seemed to convey a limited, political agenda.
(b) Cash and term deposits, investments and cash pool.
David Crystal
We have no disposition and we disclaim all right to meddle in disputes.
The willingness of taxpayers to pay taxes derives from peoples' trust in the response of Government to meeting their needs.
Also recalling that the Conference of the Parties, by decision 2/CP.17, requested the secretariat to prepare a compilation and synthesis report on the information reported by developed country Parties in their biennial reports for consideration by the Conference of the Parties at its twentieth (December 2014) and subsequent sessions, in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 2(g), of the Convention,
Letters have proved of no avail- personal inquiry shall replace them.
On 12 June 2003, a military court of appeal in Athens reportedly gave him a suspended 20-month prison sentence for insubordination in peacetime.
But is, at present student's spoken English ability is also far from.
In this regard, a well-known foreign commentator on South-East Asian affairs has recently given credit to Myanmar for promoting democracy, human rights and press freedom simultaneously.
Similarly, UNOPS has undertaken personnel-related tasks, on an ad hoc basis, for the Department of Political Affairs (DPA) of the United Nations Secretariat.
96. Since the previous Report was submitted to the Committee a whole range of activities were directed towards the establishment and stable development of standards corresponding to internationally recognized norms for combating the crime of trafficking in persons in Georgia.
1073 deaths
All teachers in our school are enthusiastic.
Its main objectives are to expand economic activities based on the intensive use of information and communication technologies, in particular e-commerce, and to increase the number of Internet users in the country by reaching all segments of the population.
In Japan, the Basic Act on Ocean Policy was enacted in 2007.
:: Composition of the Secretariat and personnel-related information, Annual Report 2004 (IDB.30/2, appendix L)
Accordingly, the elected Bureau was as follows:
The greater gyroscopic properties and lower center of mass make it easier to balance than a normal unicycle but less maneuverable.
See the examples given above.
Compliant*
Date of birth -- 1942
What does Zero limit mean? Any trace of restricted substances allowed?
[B]. Because the activity had been limited to blue chips
Despite some progress, however, such major problems remained, as women's lack of qualifications and high unemployment levels as a result of reductions in the civil service and the tacit reluctance of many men to support women's self-realization.
In many cases of succession the dividing line between legal and illegal was difficult to draw.
SUMMARY RECORD OF THE 595th MEETING
TJV did not submit the Kuwaiti civil identification number and passport number with issuing country for its employees.
6. Authorizes UNMISET, under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, to take the necessary actions, for the duration of its mandate, to fulfil its mandate, and decides to review this issue and all other aspects of UNMISET'S mandate after 12 months;
Mr. Najafi (Islamic Republic of Iran): I should like to congratulate the Chairmen of both Working Groups for their hard work.
Sakuran
Sarah Hughes
31. Encourages MONUSCO to enhance its interaction with the civilian population to raise awareness and understanding about its mandate and activities through a comprehensive public outreach programme, to identify potential threats against the civilian population and to collect reliable information on violations of international humanitarian law and violations and abuses of human rights perpetrated against civilians;
Independent monitoring
William L. Shelton
Netherlands
 In 1992, large-scale operations had been established concurrently in Cambodia, Somalia and the former Yugoslavia.
2.2.3 Of the speech therapists enumerated, 44.3% worked in the subvented sector, followed by the HA (35.4%), the government (15.2%) and the private sector (5.1%).
We have made the point before, and we have to make it again lest it may have fallen on deaf ears: we, the small island States of the Caribbean, did not cause climate change, but we are bearing the fiercest impact of it.
They could become a very attractive target for non-State actors seeking to gain access.
This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood.
The violations of the occupying Power targeted not only Palestinian people and their properties but also affected the programmes and facilities of UNRWA.
On 20 February, Licorne Forces intercepted a vehicle transporting armed elements of the Forces Nouvelles in the zone of confidence.
The antisuction device installed into the dental unit was found to prevent the contamination.
Moreover, the Commission also expressed its appreciation to the secretariat for technical assistance and capacity-building in disaster risk reduction, including mainstreaming disaster risk reduction into development plans.
Senior secondary school education will be vigorously expanded.
The heating is poor and the cells are extremely cold during the winter months.
They complain only when men they are not attracted to look.
Likewise, without access to confidential and evidence-based sexual and reproductive health information and services, young women remain vulnerable to unwanted pregnancies, unsafe abortions and sexually transmitted infections.
166. Technical Secretariat for Roma holds periodic meetings for information exchange and consults with representatives of Roma associations and takes measures to establish collaboration between Roma representatives and Local Government structures.
(c) Assisting Member States and intergovernmental bodies in the early identification of new and emerging issues in the world economy;
UNCT noted that the Ministry of Social Welfare, Gender and Children's Affairs had developed a National Gender Strategic Plan (NGSP) and the National Action Plan on UNSCR 1325 and 1820.
Consequently, the Skynet family of geosynchronous communications satellites controlled by the United Kingdom have the following operational requirements:
"This is a dream come true
Revised appropriation for 2010-2011
Beauty technician 140 132 94.29 An analysis of table 5 shows a high proportion of girls in domestic science and dressmaking (94.71 per cent) and the beauty technician course (94.29 per cent).
The Forum on Forests should become or designate one single accrediting body for timber certification.
First, they stress that the Uruguay Round and its implementation process did too little to improve market access for developing country exports of goods and services.
Fatima Bhutto says she does not believe in birthright politics and has no political ambitions, herself.
In response, the European Union put together a proposal for a politically, not legally, binding instrument whose purpose is to ensure safety, security and predictability of space operations.
List of active United States military aircraft
The arrangements that would have to be made to deal with the convergence of prominent persons and pilgrims upon Bethlehem would have financial implications.
28. In 2008 the Ministry of Justice and Police has established the Human Rights Bureau.
It would be interesting to know how significant the Convention was in the work of the national and provincial human rights commissions; whether those commissions were actually viewed as a link between the international and the national and provincial systems for the protection of women's human rights; whether they were adequately staffed and financed at all levels; and why British Colombia did not have a human rights commission.
At evening he found himself at the Boulevard and Sixty-seventh Street, where he finally turned his face Bowery-ward.
In 1991, China began to try out the old-age insurance system in some of the rural areas.
It is impossible that checkpoint officials should obstruct the work of United Nations personnel engaged in meeting citizens' needs of the foodstuffs and medicine that are extremely scarce owing to the economic embargo imposed on the people of Iraq.
Stressing the significance of the updated Model Strategies and Practical Measures on the Elimination of Violence against Women in the Field of Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
I may work till midnight and in this case I will telephone you.
I would like to add that other colleagues, our colleagues from El Salvador as well as our colleague from Norway and, of course, our colleague, Frank Majoor, from the Netherlands, greatly contributed to the success that we are all acclaiming today.
12. Temporary assistance equivalent to 18 work-months at the P-4 level and 24 work-months at the General Service (Other level) would be required for the planning, organization and convening of the conference and its preparatory committee, including the following:
But the Judge had a most discouraging way of fluctuating.
4. Many small island developing States depended almost exclusively on imported fossil fuels and therefore had retail electricity prices among the highest in the world.
Parliament has enacted several laws to operationalize these Constitutional provisions, namely: the Education Act; Children Act; University and Other Tertiary Institutions Act; etc.
what design can I have?
It was clear then and it is even more so now that a vast majority of delegations supports expansion in both categories and that, therefore, it is not necessary to delay the process by seeking further clarification on the intermediate model.
The paramount consideration in the appointment, transfer or promotion of the staff shall be the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity.
Production, maintenance and distribution of 6,600 various operational maps (1:500,000, 1:250,000, 1:100,000, 1:50,000 and 1:7,500 large-scale maps of every major town) and electoral support maps
(c) To integrate all aspects of HIV and AIDS prevention, treatment, care and support into all health-care programmes and services;
Kamyaran
The reform comprised four main pillars: strengthened coordination through the Cluster Approach; stronger humanitarian leadership among coordinators; adequate, timely, flexible and predictable humanitarian financing; and strengthened partnerships between United Nations and non-United Nations actors.
In short, each side in the current education debate is half right.
Even the introduction of light, noise and heat in areas where these are absent could cause stress to organisms in the area.
Therefore it is the fundamental wish and demand of the Chinese people and a long-term, urgent task of the Chinese government to maintain national stability, concentrate their effort on developing the productive forces along the line which has proven to be successful, persist in reform and opening to the outside world, strive to rejuvenate the national economy and boost the national strength, and, on the basis of having solved the problem of food and clothing, secure a well-off livelihood for the people throughout the country so that their right to subsistence will no longer be threatened.
Her delegation therefore welcomed the general principle articulated in draft article 3 on the topic and the illustrative and instructive manner in which draft articles 4, 5 and 6 built on that principle.
2. The Preparatory Committee notes with satisfaction that the United Nations General Assembly, in its resolutions 61/88 of 6 December 2006 and 63/63 of 12 January 2009, entitled "Establishment of a nuclear weapon-free zone in Central Asia", welcomes the signing of the Treaty on a Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone in Central Asia, stressing that the establishment of such a zone constitutes an important step towards strengthening the nuclear non-proliferation regime, promoting cooperation in the peaceful uses of nuclear energy and in the environmental rehabilitation of territories affected by radioactive contamination and enhancing regional and international peace and security and is an effective contribution to combating international terrorism and preventing nuclear materials and technologies from falling into the hands of non-State actors, primarily terrorists.
24. In conclusion, he said that the modern world was characterized by two phenomena -- globalization and the technology revolution.
In these circumstances, Chad cannot continue to wait indefinitely, and is only exercising its legitimate right to defend itself.
These themes were subsequently classified as closely as possible under each Istanbul guideline.
13. Decides, in view of the traditional importance of non-governmental organizations in the advancement of women, that, in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolutions 1996/6 of 22 July 1996 and 1996/31 of 25 July 1996, such organizations should be encouraged to participate, to the maximum extent possible, in the work of the Commission and in the monitoring and implementation process related to the Fourth World Conference on Women, and requests the Secretary-General to make appropriate arrangements to ensure full utilization of existing channels of communication with non-governmental organizations in order to facilitate broad-based participation and dissemination of information;
12 August 1982a
12 Dec. 2000
Provisional agenda for the 5376th meeting of the Security Council
The PRESIDENT: I declare open the 808th plenary meeting of the Conference and the first part of its 1999 session.
Research the numerical control system software functional design of flame cutter.
Objective To explore etiopathogenesis of slow transit constipation ( STC ).
The European Union fully supports the renewal of the mandate of the United Nation's Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea (ICP).
72. Since 2009, other important measures have been implemented by both the Government and civil society:
15. States recognized that poorly managed and inadequately secured stockpiles of small arms and light weapons posed a serious security threat, since they could constitute a significant source of diversion of small arms and light weapons into illicit trade.
5. Both Tribunals had specifically prohibited overbilling and frivolous practices by counsel, and fee-splitting and gift-giving between members of the defence team and their clients.
Is there a formal name for the border of lunar night and day?
Mr. Agba (Togo) (spoke in French): At the outset, on behalf of the delegation of Togo, allow me to express our warmest congratulations to Secretary-General Kofi Annan on the quality of his report presented to the twenty-sixth special session of the General Assembly, on HIV/AIDS, and on his personal commitment in the fight against this pandemic.
Although he is leaving UNICEF, he plans to stay engaged in AIDS, health and development work.
Senior management typically reports to State agencies, and associated government departments have greater scope for scrutiny and oversight, including ensuring that effective human rights due diligence is implemented. (These enterprises are also subject to the corporate responsibility to respect human rights, addressed in Chapter II.)
Conservation status
This Law also forbids anyone or any organization to carry out, draft "the functions of the National Convention" or draft or disseminate the "Constitution of the State without lawful authorization".
Such as luxury cars like BMW... They are so heavy.
However, on 15 February the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Eritrea issued a press statement which, among other things, asserted that "the Government of Eritrea cannot discuss or acquiesce to the temporary relocation or some other new arrangement that is at variance with provisions of the Algiers Peace Agreement".
The ASB has, therefore, decided that once the standard is finalized, it may request the AASB of ICAI to look into the matter and provide necessary guidance.
This paper analyzes the particle size of treated produced water by conventional process, and gives a range of particle size which can be removed by typical processes based on median size.
33. The Standard Professional Code of German Doctors, adopted in 1988, requires physicians intending to conduct clinical trials on human beings or to carry out epidemiological research to obtain counselling from an ethics committee on any questions of professional ethics and law the project may give rise to.
Proposal submitted by Italy on evidence, investigation and the rights of the accused
I would say most of the good ones I've met have a good balance between people and product.
The strike hastened the downfall of the government.
Individuals taking foreign or legal Colombian currency in cash or documents of title thereto worth over ten thousand United States dollars (US$ 10,000) or the equivalent in another currency into or out of the country, regardless of the means of entry or exit, must declare it to the customs authorities on the relevant form.
I and my maidens also will fast in the same way.
You're about to meet the spider equivalent of a stealthy jungle cat .
Subtotal
good dood study,day day up you ask me,i ask who
Country data French Third Republic
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants,
34. The delegation addressed questions about the rights of Indigenous Australians.
Jackie answers: Alas, after all I and she marries to already had 35 years.
The site would eventually be taken over and run by the Sri Lanka Tanneries Association.
The power adaptor has been plugged in. Any pending suspend actions have been canceled.
at Sokos Islands will cause unacceptable damage says WWF (7 Jun 2007)
5. Decides that more specific criteria should start to be considered, with a view to being adopted, if possible, at the second session of the Forum, taking into full account the fact that priority should be given to the substantive agenda of that session.
26. Close cooperation between the mission's police and military components is essential to the implementation of security-related aspects of mission mandates.
Group D: Brazil, Papua New Guinea, Sudan
5. The working group will develop and analyse various approaches that:
In September 1998, the IMF and World Bank Executive Boards agreed to extend the original period for potential eligible countries to begin their adjustment programmes for an additional two years (end of the year 2000).
The competent foreign trade department under the State Council examines the authenticity of the technology export contract, and decides, within fifteen working days from the date of receipt of the documents provided for in the preceding provision, on approval or disapproval of the technology export.
Specialized secondary education
5. Decides to continue the consideration of this question at its sixtieth session.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Annex
The representative of Finland (on behalf of the European Union) made a statement in explanation of position.
In 2000, ACABQ was able to attend one of the annual accruals symposiums held by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) for finance experts from its Member States to discuss the introduction of a new basis for accounting: "accrual", as opposed to "cash".
PBDEs were measured in samples of human blood serum taken from 23 donors in Wellington, New Zealand.
If within this deadline it has given no indication, it shall be deemed to have consented;
Only when he is ingood health can he do many things for people.
17. Expresses concern at the challenges related to, inter alia, safe access to and use of fuel, firewood and alternative energy, telecommunications, water and sanitation, shelter and food, and health care in humanitarian emergencies, and notes with appreciation initiatives at the national and international levels that promote effective cooperation in that regard;
Course conducted for 15 Department of Peacekeeping Operations counsellors on medical procedures in critical incident stress management held in New York in June 2009
(c) How will the second United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development be different from other sustainable development conferences?
NPT/CONF.2010/PC.I/3
Extent of implementation of decentralized procurement functions and supply management by subregional programme offices
Basic orbital characteristics
Cooperation with the Commission on the Status of Women
4 International Finance Facility, Department for International Development, Her Majesty's Treasury, January 2003.
Enhancing collaboration and cooperation between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions
Seventh
By the end of 2005, more than half of the 1,951 total global polio cases were in non-endemic countries.
Chadrac
In Limassol and in Paphos, the mission has worked with local authorities and community representatives to strengthen support for the educational and social needs of the community.
In that regard, the Group calls for the application of the principles of irreversibility and increased transparency by the nuclear-weapon States regarding nuclear disarmament and nuclear and other related arms control and reduction measures.
Many speakers stressed the importance of the Pre-Export Notification (PEN) Online system and welcomed the launch in 2012 of the Precursors Incident Communication System (PICS).
10 October 2002
He felt an irresistible impulse to rush into the room.
32. CNPPDH, in which NGOs, universities and churches were invited to participate, was created on 18 May 1995, as indicated in the second report (paras. 21 and 135).
UNCT recommended Swaziland to support qualitative improvement in education, focusing attention on class size teacher/pupil ratios and educational material supplies, particularly in disadvantaged regions.
Besides there are many other advantages for the investors to work here. For example, the areas around this city are rich in natural resources.
For example, it is important that the IAEA continues to be an authoritative, independent source of information, knowledge, capacity building and expertise in support of the peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
Available online at http://www.unhchr.ch/huridocda/huridoca.nsf/(Symbol)/A.CONF.157.23.En.
 In such an environment, the traditional juxtaposition of diplomacy and military action no longer corresponds to the reality of the present, and a broad initial mandate is not sufficient concretely to define operations in the field.
Protocol No. 33 (1830), which followed, provided that the privileges enjoyed by the Catholics could not impose obligations on the Hellenic Government which might be prejudicial to the dominant religion.
Spain was proud to contribute to the potential attainment of the Millennium Development Goals and counted on the support of UNIDO in that regard.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/68/507)
In Israel, Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu has crafted a center-right coalition dominated by prominent pro-settlement leaders, including Housing Minister Uri Ariel of the Jewish Home Party and Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon of Netanyahu’s Likud.
2. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs organized information activities for civil society, at which the process of drafting the national report was presented in detail, and civil society was requested to make contributions and encouraged to submit recommendations reflecting its interests and opinions.
24 October 2001
IV. Cooperation with the Commonwealth of Independent States peacekeeping force
Iran welcomes that development.
70. In accordance with the Act on Vocational Training (630/1998), the purpose of vocational training is to upgrade the vocational skills of workers in society and, especially by taking into account the needs of working life, to improve working life and promote employment.
Ford GT40
The filename name , or volume label syntax is incorrect.
The heterogenization homogeneous catalysis is forecasted to be the industrialization tendencies for alcohols aerobic oxidation.
The principle mechanisms for implementation of the Habitat Agenda are national and local five-year plans of action, partners̓ five-year plans of action and the support programmes of multilateral and bilateral cooperation agencies.
The composition of the Court and the voting procedures to be followed in the Assembly and the Council are described in a memorandum by the Secretary-General (A/66/766-S/2012/211).
(g) Build awareness of the work of the Forum and the agreed Intergovernmental Panel on Forests/Intergovernmental Forum on Forests proposals for action;
Kidd Islands
Go, stretch. come on.
She rubbed the sleep from her eyes.
32. Nearly five years after the adoption of NEPAD, there is some evidence of growing awareness of its goals and objectives among the general public both within and outside Africa, and among the media.
Figure skating in the United States
In the area of informing and sensitizing joint committees
The Chair of the Committee of the Whole will be elected at the plenary meeting on Wednesday, 20 February 2008.
Those activities would contribute to strengthening the development base of the least developed countries, especially in Africa.
E/CN.16/1999/Misc.4
Redfoot   Dean Keaton.
We also acknowledge that such peaceful pursuits would have to be in accordance with international safeguards.
In that regard it requested that detailed information on the in- and out-of-area expenditures of FAO staff should be collected with a view to assessing appropriately the in- and out-of-area components of the post adjustment index for Rome.
The Indonesian Government has recently taken some steps for which it deserves credit.
B: At first it was, but now I've got the basics. It's fun.
Larsen submitted no additional evidence, stating that its documentation was either abandoned or lost in Kuwait and Iraq.
On the other hand, where the pool of receivables involved customers in many jurisdictions, the process of determining the applicable law could be time-consuming.
Informal consultations convened by delegations
49. The estimated operational costs for the period from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012 amount to $27,746,300 representing a decrease of $5,686,100, or 17 per cent, over the apportionment for the current period.
Two service lines are in place and 10 are now under development and will be in place by January 2014
C. Technical assistance, in particular in connection with peacekeeping operations and post-conflict situations
It does have an important impact on space, however, which is likely to manifest itself through many more cooperative/collaborative projects.
 Moreover, sectoral representatives were appointed by the Philippine President to the Philippine Congress.
Will apologized right before the museum exploded.
51. The Committee invites the State party to follow the Harmonized guidelines on reporting under the international human rights treaties, including guidelines on a core document and treaty-specific documents (HRI/MC/2006/3 and Corr.1), approved at the fifth inter-committee meeting of the human rights treaty bodies, in June 2006.
11. As far as the activities of the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) were concerned, India attached the highest importance to gender empowerment, which the Government had already included in the United Nations Development Assistance Framework for India.
Her Excellency Mrs. Ramatou Baba-Moussa, Minister for Social Protection and the Family of Benin
i'm in position,michael.
Even within regional groupings, however, enforcement cooperation may be limited by some of the concerns and differences highlighted above, by the fact that regional institutions or mechanisms are not adapted for enforcement cooperation, or simply because trade is limited between some countries in the grouping or RBPs affecting such trade are rare.
Request from the Governments of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Canada, Colombia, Egypt, Portugal, Senegal and Spain regarding the report prepared by Judge Florence Ndepele Mwachande Mumba, Judge Gabrielle Kirk McDonald, Judge Antonio Cassese, Judge Richard George May, Judge Almiro Simoes Rodrigues and Judge Mohammed Bennouna on the Rules of Procedure and Evidence of the Statute
57. In addition, requests for travel and for the planned use of experts and consultants continue to provide little justification as to the need for those resources or their intended use.
The Islands District is home for 83 recognised villages.
(a) States should clarify that the human right to freedom of religion or belief includes the right to convert and the right not to be forced to convert, both of which are unconditionally protected;
International Monetary Fund;
The right to granting and purchasing a flat is realised in accordance with the percentage of organism impairment, and housing loans are granted for the purchase of a flat or a house, for the construction of a house, for the improvement in living conditions and for the extension of living space.
:: Periodic meetings with the political parties to review progress related to the timely withdrawal of UNMIN and handing over of residual monitoring responsibilities
acquired immune deficiency syndrome
Now, 99% of the urban population has access to clean drinking water, although only 40% of the rural population can count on it.
Such wording would reflect more accurately the content of the draft articles in question.
Tell 'em we gotta raise some money for the defense
His claims are baseless.
Political, Historical, Economic, Social and Cultural Factors contributing to Racism, Racial Discrimination and Apartheid: Report of a Seminar (Geneva, 10 January-14 December 1990)
54. There are thus a number of options the Commission may wish to consider:
The improvement of the innovation structure and capacity in Lithuania is highly relevant for companies and research and knowledge organizations; therefore, support is used to organize trainings for staff of research and knowledge institutions and the industry.
St. Andrew's Church, Cologne
The modularize and open architecture make this system can he used to control rotational gamma knife for head by reducing several modules.
Adoption of the report of the Summit
The fallout has shown the potential impact of an alleged gesture, especially in troubled times.
Some girls taunted her because she was poor.
Japan, like other countries, has faced jurisdictional disputes among foreign-policy, defense, and police agencies that have hindered the aggregation and analysis of intelligence information.
Huh. beautiful clouds.
How to view file security on a Samba share.
Mintara
The site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes.
Conclusions Osseous metastasis in cancer is characterized by multiple osteolytic damage.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at the fifty-seventh session a report on the progress achieved in mine-action assistance, including by international and regional organizations and national programmes active in this field.
 6. Urges States parties to the Convention that have made reservations to review the compatibility of their reservations with article 51 of the Convention and other relevant rules of international law, with the aim of withdrawing them;
 "58. Public signs and posters and commercial advertising, outside or intended for the public outside, shall be solely in French.
Although neither set of data provides a full readership profile, they both suggest that GEO-2000 is reaching the members of its intended audience.
Thus a request could only be rejected if it was not motivated or if it was not presented in time.
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Kafr Killa.
The voting was as follows:
Tuesday, 12 November 2013, from 11:30 to 13:00, in Conference Room C (CB).
 In this connection, I would like to applaud the signing of the Pelindaba Treaty in Cairo on 11 April 1996, which established Africa as a Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone.
Specifically, the bootsector format required by the Console Subsystem Specification conflicts with the placement of the DOS partition table.
After the letter has been read out to the court Portia in lawyer's clothes
12. In paragraph 97, the Board of Auditors reiterated its previous recommendation that UNFPA: (a) ensure that standard terms of reference are agreed by the country office and government implementing partners and the auditor of nationally executed expenditure; (b) ensure that the scope and format of the audit is consistent; and (c) compile a mandatory checklist of the standard requirements to assist country offices in adhering to the requirements of the UNFPA Policies and Procedures Financial Manual.
We propose that the wording should be reviewed accordingly.
Summary of recommended awards in part one of the fourth "F4" instalment Geneva, 3 August 2004
8.6 An enterprise should not recognize a contingent asset.
We recognise the work which has been undertaken by the meetings of State Parties last year and welcomes the focus on effective national measures to ensure full implementation of the provisions of the Treaty.
People poured into the square from all parts of the city.
Violations of article 13 may occur through the direct action of States parties (acts of commission) or through their failure to take steps required by the Covenant (acts of omission).
As noted in paragraphs 98 to 102 of the First “F3” Report, and in subsequent “F3” reports, the Panel has noted that, in the light of Governing Council decision 16, the Panel has to determine only the date from which interest is to run on the “F3” claims.
Entrena
We might be able to stop them.
In order to remove the obstacles to women's employment, with the Communiqué issued in 2006 with the aim of eliminating gender discrimination in employee placement pursuant to the "International Labour Convention No.111 concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and Occupation", actions and proceedings related to public employee placement have been simplified and sex discrimination is eliminated from public employee requests.
(d) Logistical support;
III. The right of families to know the fate of
This method is useful if you want to open a document to make changes without the code running and altering the document first.
The initiative was launched in 2002 to help low-income countries achieve free, universal basic education and ensure accelerated progress towards Goal 2.
The Chairman of the Supreme State Council shall have the right to propose to the Houses of Parliament the establishment of a conciliation commission to overcome the differences that have arisen.
Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003
A UFW book, California's Broken Promises: The Laws On The Books Are Not The Laws In The Fields, reveals many of these problems.
I didn't anticipate meeting any opposition.
Recalling the adoption of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty in its resolution 50/245 of 10 September 1996, and expressing its satisfaction at the increasing number of States that have signed and ratified the Treaty,
[Original: French]
GM reports its own fourth - quarter results next week.
11. As indicated in the report of the Working Group (see A/C.5/58/37, paras. 39-58), a review of the special cases was undertaken and new standard categories/subcategories were created, including explosive ordnance disposal and demining equipment and riot control equipment, which were added to the list of major equipment (see ibid., annex I.C.2).
Behold, the word of the Lord has become a reproach to them; They have no delight in it.
This is an effective medium.
Credit plays an important role in the growth and development of each of our nations and in that of the global economy as a whole.
June 2-9, 2000, New York: Special Review in Nairobi; Forwarding/Looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women and the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
(b) electoral reform including the drafting and adoption of a new electoral law consistent with the new Constitution;
United Nations Decade of International Law [146]
Effective remedy, including the review of his appeal before the Court of Appeals and compensation.
(CEDAW/C/DEU/2-3)
However, professional models and complicated operation of traffic simulation software are great limits for those who are not professional simulation users.
If you have somebody in IT on the keyboard all the time, then obviously theres going to be too much stress on the natural nail plate, if you know they are using them all the time.
421. After an explosion the explorer restored the storage of the explosive in the exploiter's storehouse.
The Office's transition team under the Prosecutor's direction is leading the Office's work to facilitate domestic war crimes cases through information and expertise transfers.
Mr Viehbacher estimated that the company could increase output to at least 800m doses of a vaccine for the latest swine flu strain.
The heads and bodies were found to be those of Guzmán and Castañeda.
Ntibaturana’s significant influence in the region deprives victims of any form of recourse.
13. ICJ and JS8 stated that there was no legal prohibition of sexual harassment.
16. On 31 July 2000, the Government of Denmark reported that immigrants and refugees generally enjoyed legal equality with Danish citizens and, like all citizens, they were protected by law against discrimination on the basis of race, colour, religious belief, political observation, sexual orientation or national, social or ethnic origin.
Other matters.
As a priority, we must address the lack of financial resources, technology, know-how and international cooperation that inhibits the promotion of worldwide sustainable development.
A final report on the assessment of how to organize international, interdisciplinary scientific advice to support the Convention process, including the findings of the e-dialogue, will be prepared for consideration at CST 10, so that the CST can, as requested by decision 18/COP.9, submit recommendations for consideration by the COP at its tenth session.
Aiming at the problem, this paper proposes a Segment - by - Segment Based Load Balancing Routing ( SSB - LBR ) protocol in MANETs.
Mandate: GA res. 61/63
The Network was created to facilitate coordination between the relevant organizations and bodies of the United Nations system working on biotechnology-related issues.
The response to the first question sets out the progress made by the Colombian State in the following areas: consultations and biodiversity; climate change and indigenous peoples; prior consultation with indigenous communities; follow-up to the Millennium Development Goals; education and indigenous peoples; indigenous peoples and human rights; ethnolinguists and indigenous peoples; indigenous radio stations; indigenous games and sports; and the property rights of indigenous peoples in voluntary isolation in the Amazon region.
I had a chat with him.
Sports may be a safety valve for people's violent feelings.
As a result, these countries have condemned themselves to continued austerity, low growth, and high debt, while diminishing any future incentive for private lenders to impose fiscal discipline on sovereign borrowers.
Several countries have reviewed punitive provisions relating to termination of pregnancy.
Please call me next time.
The size of the grant is related to the costs of training and not the amount contributed to the levy fund.
Geneva, 22 April-3 May 2013
With regard to the question of equal remuneration for men and women, recent legislation in Brazil has achieved some progress in this regard.
Another called for legally binding obligations to reduce atmospheric emissions to be tempered by flexibility of implementation according to national circumstances.
The inadequacy of such bank deposit claims is discussed more fully at paragraphs 214-216, supra.
35. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
lack[lAk] She is lacking in responsibility
Table 4 Number of babies born from HIV-positive mothers
16. The High-level Meeting on Economic Cooperation among Developing Countries, convened by the Group of 77 at Cairo in August, 1986, introduced three critical new elements that did not appear in the Caracas documents.
I have gained all compansation. We set our heart at rest when you returned safely.
These things are great for $ 50 even though it's probably $ 2.50 worth of materials.
Very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough--as most wrong theories are!
Additional information regarding the workshop is available on the Web site of the Division <www.un.org/Depts/los/reference_files/workshop_fisheries_2011.pdf>. Main Committees
But it does not always succeed in making good the disadvantages of a culturally deficient background.
I didn't know what was put in this earthen jar.
Yasuaki Fujita
It is a new skirt.
68. The Working Group of the Pension Board discussed this subject and recommended to the Pension Board that it request General Assembly approval, effective with the budget for 2006-2007, for tax reimbursements to be charged to the Tax Equalization Fund maintained by the Secretary-General in respect of United Nations General Fund activities (see paras. 6 and 9 of annex V).
 The Chinese delegation believes that so long as all sides have the necessary political will, SSOD IV will certainly be successful.
The leaders assembled here bear an enormous responsibility to rescue our world from war and violence, poverty and pestilence; to redress inequity and impoverishment, which breed despair and destruction; and finally, to collectively construct a new global architecture of peace and prosperity for all peoples and all nations.
 The meeting was called to order at 8.30 p.m.
Lower number of firewalls was due to consolidation of the security infrastructure
Such a review should focus in particular on staff members who have been in their posts for an extended period of time.
Peacekeeping Reporting Process Automation
Dosage: Dissolve the contents of one bag in a cup of hot or warm water.
27. The entire reform plan was imbued with the view that the Organization should be more accessible for the world at large and more attentive to mankind’s needs and aspirations and should enlighten the world about common interests.
Telling the Kids: There is no Ghost at All in This World
Republic of Korea
This pape probes into his grammatical theory to contribute to the development of Chinese grammar.
While we concur in the result that the Committee has reached in this case, we reach that conclusion for different reasons than those employed by the majority.
The posts of the High Commissioner and the Deputy will, however, continue to be funded from the regular budget and shown separately from the grant.
1. As the Secretary-General noted recently, sustainable development, enabled by the integration of economic growth, social justice and environmental stewardship, must become the international community's guiding principle and the operational standard of a new post-2015 agenda (see A/68/202).
Refunds of expenditure charged to prior periods
Before the Extradition Act 1999 was passed New Zealand needed an extradition treaty in order to extradite a person to a non-Commonwealth country.
414. The Committee recommends that the State party undertake a study to assess and analyse the resources provided for children and continue to take, where necessary, effective measures to ensure equal access to and availability of services for all children, irrespective of the municipality in which they live.
In the mid-aughts, the gilded, clubby preserve of private equity beckoned.
Certainly, most of the financial sector lobby community is happy with what has emerged.
116. The application of the social security system in Honduras is equitable in the entitlements accorded to men and women.
:: We affirm continued action to pursue dialogue between cultures and civilizations in greater depth, deeming them to be tributaries of human civilization.
Date of election to fill a vacancy in the International Court of Justice
Chalhuanca District
The 2014/15 budget provision is lower than the actual expenditure in the 2012/13 period; however, it is higher than the 2013/14 budget provision.
Opinion No. 30/1998 (China) 21
Just...do your best, Thanks.
This is probably associated with the fact that the majority of the population currently lives in predominantly urban areas: 69.6%, according to Census 2001 (Chart 14), with a significant emphasis on the region of Lisbon, which presents the highest rate of population density: 956.9 inhabitants per km2.
You're not gonna make a er, you know, nearly a billion-dollar investment unless you'd get a return on your investment.
The Government is consulting with UNMIK as it works to heed advice from the International Monetary Fund to reduce the budget ceiling to avoid unsustainable expansion, particularly in recurrent spending.
"I have no doubt" , the prime minister hinted darkly, "that the truth behind this calumny will soon come out. "
Saint-Jean-la-Vêtre
Unfortunately, the United States had rejected the terms of that Declaration, considering that matters relating to indigenous peoples, including in the Non-Self-Governing Territory of Guam, were domestic concerns and that the international community had no mandate to interfere in such matters.
The Group of 78 works primarily in Canada.
Efforts are also being made to enhance training for self-employment and strengthen activities relating to the development of the social economy and new sources of employment, prevention of job-related hazards and environmental conservation.
Existing (legacy) systems must be thoroughly analyzed for compatibility and synergy with IPSAS requirements, fully taking into account field needs and capacities.
African Group: Group of Experts on Economic Matters (exchange of views with officials from the World Bank)
:: When a Government initiates social protection as an important plank of public policy, what aspects of social protection are given emphasis and for what reason?
3. After a visit in November 2006, the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment noted that Paraguay had come a long way in overcoming the legacy of the military dictatorship by building up democratic institutions based on the rule of law and respect for human rights, and welcomed the efforts of the Truth and Justice Commission.
The list of major shortcomings included weak armor and a lack of a driving controls post in the rear.
 The project is expected to provide recommendations on how to improve the preparation and training of both civilian and military peacekeepers.
In the post-war period, America’s extraordinarily large and well-developed financial markets promised unparalleled liquidity.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (e) of agenda item 93.
The Group looked forward to the adoption of the report of the 2007 substantive session, as it would contain important recommendations with regard to ways to improve certain aspects of the peacekeeping operations carried out by the United Nations.
The day he was told by a white woman whom he was helping, at 12, across the road, that he should take his filthy hands off her.
15. Decides that for the year 2003, the rates of assessment for Switzerland and Timor-Leste should be added to the scale of assessments established by the General Assembly in its resolution 55/5 B;
Minhang District, where there is a higher level of the bar?
Out of 63 researchers at the summer school, 22 were women.
MARTIN: And what does that mean?
ACWW aims to raise the living standard of women and their families through literacy, education and training; through community development projects for income earning and for the promotion of agriculture, health, nutrition and childcare; through the elimination of discrimination and of inequality of opportunity; through promotion of international cooperation and understanding.
There were also heaped up the products of a commerce which extends to Mexico, Chile, Peru, Brazil, Europe, Asia and all the Pacific islands.
Just before it starts to turn brown, slowly add the milk. Using the whisk, stir continuously until the sauce begins to thicken.
A pivot point to their own hearts and minds so that we become more calm, let go every step of the growth of a more down-to-earth . . .
In this case, the inside diameter of the body is too small for the linkage.
The majority of the organizations had no objection to requesting the Tribunals to revise their procedures in order to allow ICSC or UNJSPB to make a submission as amicus curiae ("friend of the court") provided that such submissions were limited to the provision of factual technical information.
The latest cheap manufacturing site for European companies is not in Asia or eastern Europe but the United States, say top executives from some of the continent's biggest companies.
The Secretariat has been able to effectively respond to the dynamic nature and breadth of peacekeeping activities, albeit placing serious strains on the capacity of its existing staff resources and reprioritizing its planned activities in order to deploy mission headquarters within 90 days of mandate, as in the case of UNMIS.
Daniel Puiu, 20, and 21-year-old Dorin Oborcianu are thought to be the first crooks in the world to be convicted using the image technology. The pair were snapped by a tobacconist who grew suspicious of them as they hung around outside his shop.
The UNCTAD secretariat implements these mandates through a combination of research work, field activity and provision of technical assistance which complement and supplement each other.
Calligra Sheets
The year 1871 witnessed the heroic uprising of the Paris Commune.
(d) Governments should consider coordinating the data systems of their drug law enforcement and related agencies to contribute analysis to national drug policy and strategy decision-making and further developing them to provide real-time information in support of operational responses;
At first, the Treasury couldn't find the former Fed chief's home number.
It is an ad hoc working group composed of Minister for EU Affairs and Chief Negotiator, Minister of Justice, Minister of the Interior and the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Torture, as the most serious violation of the human right to personal integrity and dignity, presupposes a situation where the victim is powerless i.e. is under the total control of another person.
They have known her much longer than they have known me; no wonder if they love her better.
S/AC.26/Dec.158 (2002)
(c) Provide escort details for United Nations military personnel carrying out enabling support functions; and
He carried me away through all the deaths which he put aside before me, and accepted for himself.
Something is only quite complex, not difficult. But I think the complexity is another kind of difficulty.
Mike: Do you mean all the long hours at work as well as the noise and bustle of the big smoke?
the economic, social and related
The mistake of expressing them had arisen from his allowing himself to be influenced by general principles to the disregard of the particular instance.
64. The declining trend in official development assistance (ODA) and the increasingly frequent imposition of conditions of an economic and financial or a political, legal or humanitarian nature had forced many developing countries to resort to private capital flows, which had been concentrated in a small number of countries and had proved unstable and crisis-prone.
Accordingly, laser light is said to be much more coherent than ordinary light.
But see that the door shut when we are not in the house with you.
 I would therefore appreciate IATA's position, and the issues raised here, being brought to the attention of the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1996.
The estimate represents a decrease of $52,900;
Nancy Kamp-Roelands Ernst & Young
In the light of article 34 and other related articles of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party conduct a study with a view to assessing the extent of the commercial sexual exploitation of children, including prostitution, pornography and trafficking; and implement appropriate policies and programmes for prevention and for the recovery and social reintegration of child victims, in accordance with the 1996 Declaration and Agenda for Action and the 2001 Global Commitment adopted by the World Congresses against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children.
So, we scheduled an encore today for 65 people on the waiting list.
Demand-side studies are required for input/output tabulation purposes and also by policy-making users.
While there was no agreement in the Working Group to reverse its earlier decision to retain the draft paragraph, there was agreement that draft paragraph 1 was not intended to affect the rights of cargo interests to make claims under the draft convention, and that it was in particular not intended to affect the liability regime and burdens of proof set out in draft article 17. Time period
The European Union has supported the United Nations peace-keeping operation in Rwanda from the outset, and we agree with the assessment made by the Secretary-General in his report that Rwanda could have greatly benefited from a further phase of United Nations involvement in helping to consolidate peace and security.
(6) A notification made by a State Party under paragraph 1 takes effect when it has been received by the other State Party or State Parties, unless the notification provides for a subsequent date (para. 2).
5. Decides to remain seized of the matter.
ll give some medicine by injection or orally.
After taking into account anticipated cost-sharing arrangements with Vienna-based organizations amounting to $6,467,700, a net request for the appropriation of $85,965,800 is submitted for consideration by the Assembly.
This reflects the natural conclusion that any law seeking to implement the provisions of article 20, paragraph 2, of ICCPR must not overstep the limits on restrictions on freedom of expression set out in article 19, paragraph 3.
And laid to waste everything in his path.
A large-scale mobility information campaign, Secretariat-wide, is also scheduled to begin in late 2004 in order to provide information to all staff on the mobility policy ..."
"(a) Takes note of the information provided in document IDB.28/9 on the transition to a single-currency system, in particular regarding the preparation of the accounts for the biennium 2002-2003;
367. The Committee recommends that the State party:
Thomson Financial services estimated that announced deals increased 36 per cent last year.
The process of transmitting selection signal in order to establish a connection between data stations.
I don't like sweet things.
Is either a single string containing the command or an array of strings containing the command and its options; the string array
132. Parliaments can play a critical role by linking citizens and the State, as well as by reducing conflict.
At present, employment rights and interests of college students is invaded frequently, and it goes against the rules of law society.
Consequently, it should be considered in our discussions as one of the essential aims to be achieved for the welfare of our peoples.
That proves how wrong is that saying of La Bruyere "Love comes all of a sudden.
CRPD urged Hong Kong, China to enhance the active participation of persons with disabilities in politics through affirmative action and ensure the accessibility of all voting stations. Notes
UNDP's approach to help countries has been to synchronize efforts for building a strong, responsive and capable State, to deliver effective economic and social policies and manage service delivery that promote human development, together with initiatives that can help to nurture and enhance democratic spaces for women and men.
But we were disappointed to find the person operator the account is a marketer swapping industry talk with her mates.
This, in turn, may shed new light on whether the universe is open or closed.
Similar programmes have been formulated and/or implemented in Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda and Uganda as well as in Morocco (food-processing), Burkina Faso (textiles) and Senegal (fish-processing).
Hitherto, hydrothermal process is one of the most promising solutions of chemical method for preparing nanocrystals in relatively low temperature without subsequent thermal treatments.
7. Requests the Secretary-General and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to continue their assistance to the countries of Central Africa in tackling the problems of refugees and displaced persons in their territories;
One ad litem judge has been allocated to each of the three seats of the Tribunal and their terms of office will expire on 30 June 2010.
102nd session (July 2011)
The Group concurs with the observation made by IMF that the issuance of Burundi's interim poverty reduction strategy paper represents a major step forward in the development of the Government's economic strategy for the coming years.
1. Indigenous peoples have the right to determine and develop priorities and strategies for the development or use of their lands or territories and other resources.
A woman holds her identification card as she waits to cast her vote during the second round of parliamentary elections in Giza, Egypt.
157. In addition, the Special Tribunal will intensify its public affairs programmes, especially its outreach programme.
Mr. Ghassan Obeid
It also offers more places for apprentices than it needs and the demand is clearly there - for the 55 places on the three-year programme it receives at least 1,200 applicants.
"Besides resource consumption, urbanization brings a lot of problems such as the widening wealth gap between urban and rural areas, environmental damage, the lack of social security for migrant workers and heavy pressure on transport networks," said Shan Wenhui, director of the Centre for Urban Studies at Fudan University
Private international law issues were also noted as important, both as regards jurisdiction and applicable law; it was agreed that harmonizing standards on these issues should make these questions easier to determine.
Through the Framework Team Expert Reference Group, the Department closely collaborates with the regional bureaux of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to develop country-specific conflict-prevention strategies.
Two floors down are the gym and a large, stainless - steel swimming pool.
in one you know actually through your own direct perception and feeling that you are hungry, then you act.
Paris II Assas University
Be aware of the needs of others.
Discover Magazine announced in 1995 that a highly respected biologist, Aprile Pazzo (Italian for April Fool), had discovered a new species in Antarctica: the hotheaded naked ice borer
Also on 1 April, a UNITA delegation, led by Vice-President General Antonio Sebastiao Dembo, arrived in Luanda to prepare for the establishment of UNITA headquarters in the capital.
3. Requests the Secretary—General to transmit the report of the Working Group to all Governments, the specialized agencies, the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies and intergovernmental and non—governmental organizations, and to invite them to submit their comments to the Working Group;
40. Act No. 23,302 envisages the establishment of the Coordinating Council (art. 5) composed of indigenous representatives and representatives of the ministries of the Interior, Economy, Labour, Education, Justice and each of the provinces that accede to Act No. 23,302.
Some form of public - private sector interaction exists in virtually all countries at various levels of government, including regional and local administrations, and sometimes for particular sectors.
No formal vulnerability assessment programmes
China supports the UN in playing an important role in addressing issues related to missiles and conventional arms trade, and has participated in the work of relevant Groups of Governmental Experts in a constructive manner.
He seated us and called to his daughter to bring tea.
The Committee recommends that the State party adopt a comprehensive anti-discrimination bill, and take urgent steps to amend the Penal Code to decriminalize homosexuality.
44. The development of e-PAS was based on extensive consultations, including focus groups and input from external experts.
" A friend of the couple also told OK
However, the analysis of the effectiveness, strengths and weaknesses of results-based budgeting and planning would have been more helpful if due account had been taken of relevant experiences of organizations other than the United Nations and its funds and programmes in applying results-based methods.
14 United Nations publication, Sales No. E.01.V.3. French and Spanish versions are in preparation.
It is like a scene in a movie--bystanders scattering, the girl zigzagging to avoid collisions, the sound of his own breathing reminding him how old he is--until he hears a woman's voice behind him:"Stop, thief!
Article 22
The Cuban Government's role and experience are well known when it comes to initiating, organizing, coordinating and providing humanitarian assistance in our country when it has been struck by natural disasters, thereby considerably mitigating the devastating human and material damage caused by such events.
59. Similarly, draft guideline 2.6.10 concerning the reasons for objections is an important element of a properly functioning reservations dialogue, even though it cannot be considered a mandatory legal rule for States and organizations:
2. These violations, committed within the context of constant, near-daily Israeli violations of Lebanese sovereignty and the Blue Line, jeopardize international security and peace and thus require on the part of the Security Council a tough stance with respect to Israel in order to call a halt to such acts of aggression;
[ teach an old dog new tricks teach the dog to bark ) The dog returns to his vomit. A living dog is better than a dead lion..
3. Change management
This shows that PISG in Kosovo and Metohija do not make sufficient efforts to resolve the problem of the missing persons, as well as that UNMIK does not exercise sufficient pressure upon PISG to convince them to responsibly approach this humanitarian question.
Through the New Partnership for Africa's Development, Africa's leaders and peoples are seeking integration into the global economy.
Mr. Adnan A. Yonis
At the national level, as an unfortunate but inevitable result of our tragic history of dealing with terrorism, India has accumulated the expertise and experience to do so.
In addition, it was also under the influence of Assyria , Egypt, these Asian cultures.
Done at San Salvador, El Salvador, on 11 November 2005.
Sancho I of Portugal
He laughed until the tears came into his eyes.
Returned to the government in 2008 following a stint in Brussels, after twice resigning from Mr Blair's administration.
Political parties established in 2017
The data suggest less progress at the secondary and tertiary levels and in adult literacy, including with respect to gender equality.
Delegations are reminded that names of representatives and of alternate representatives and advisers should be sub-mitted to Mr. Kuo-Chung Lin, Secretary of the First Commit-tee (telefax: (212) 963-5305).
The race was threatened with extinction.
Design fine-grained class hierarchy and coarse-grained database tables.
However, States which object do not have to provide any justification and remain anonymous.
"The funds will come but it will be in the context of Zimbabwe having committed to clearing these debts, " he said.
Now, in order to increase private investment in building up clean infrastructure, investor-protection measures and dispute-resolution mechanisms must be considered.
Representatives who abstain from voting shall be regarded as not voting.
Although Article 25, paragraph 1(b), of the VCLT contemplates negotiating states providing for provisional application in a manner other than inclusion in a treaty itself, most of the precedents provide for provisional application in the treaty itself or in a separate protocol to the treaty.
Law enforcement issues increasingly determined whether missions could be downsized and it would therefore be helpful for the Civilian Police Division to have sufficient institutional memory to accomplish its mission.
The possibility is not to be excluded, although it is by no means certain, that the report of the group of governmental experts could push forward the discussions and perhaps the negotiations on the prevention of an arms race in outer space in the Conference on Disarmament.
As cultural phenomena, entertaining and communicating are both important members of social culture.
While significant dialogue and information exchange takes place within the chemicals community, the challenge of linking and integrating chemicals management with other environmental issues (e.g., biodiversity) and mainstream development issues (e.g., gender issues, poverty eradication) has not yet been systematically addressed.
I believe the future scenery must be beautiful.
Specific comments on article 8 (2) (b)
2.1 The author submits that her husband is the chair and one of the founders of the Human Rights Centre Viasna.
Recalling also article 24 of the Convention relating to the Committee on Science and Technology and article 26 relating to the Communication of Information,
"For service any of these components, refer to the shop manual on the model and make of car being worked on."
(d) Share information on issues related to peacekeeping training through access to databases, web sites and training publications.
Why did radium burn the skin
Judicial prosecution for spreading racial hatred or support and promotion of movements aimed at suppressing the rights and freedoms of citizens tends to be an exceptional event.
With the end of the cold war, the Security Council has become the important organ of decision-making and action on various international issues.
Your hygiene of life will improve spontaneously because you are in phase with you even in terms of movement, activity.
That reckoning, however, included measures of the dying Labour government adopted by its successor, which bear down on high earners.
The progress made in implementing international standards and ensuring compliance with the Fundamental Principles of Official Statistics was integrated into the global assessments of national statistical systems carried out by ECE in collaboration with EUROSTAT and the European Free Trade Association in Belarus, Georgia, Mongolia, the Republic of Moldova and Tajikistan.
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
11. The Office of Central Support Services continues to be actively and successfully involved in supporting the local project teams in the implementation of the construction of new office facilities at ECA in Addis Ababa, and the United Nations Office at Nairobi, by participating in the construction vendor selection process and ensuring that the contracted amounts were in line with the approved budgets and schedules.
The programme has been developed jointly by the Young People's Association for the Prevention of Crime and the Social and Cultural Integration of Socially Disadvantaged Youth and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
Later, he became Director (1972) of the Ministry's Legal and Treaties Department.
Among them he recalled, in addition to the Special Rapporteurs who had worked on the draft, Professor Ago and Professor Arangio-Ruiz.
The burden of weak or non-existent recoveries should not be borne by the unemployed, including the young.
The Island Magistrate resides on the Island.
Practice 30. Intelligence services are not permitted to operate their own detention facilities or to make use of any unacknowledged detention facilities operated by third parties.
In the face of a threat to the very existence of the Organization, the necessary reduction in the Secretariat’s staff had been promptly implemented and the Director-General had announced a new organizational structure for the Secretariat based on the requirements of the Business Plan.
The nourishment of the people is a good object; to massacre them is a bad means.
Once the documents have been reviewed, catalogued and indexed, it is intended to transfer them onto electronic mass storage media.
Ms. Williams recommended reviewing the United Nations Public Service Awards category on preventing and combating corruption, accordingly.
 11 It was stated that the provision of health services to non-urban and isolated areas had always been a challenge.
Please make a way for us.
It updates the reports submitted in 1997, 1998 and 1999 on the same issue (E/CN.4/1997/40; E/CN.4/1998/49 and Add.1; and E/CN.4/1999/67 and Add.1).
The Government of Indonesia has welcomed this intention.
326. Mohonk Criteria for Humanitarian Assistance in Complex Emergencies, reprinted in Human Rights Quarterly, vol. 17, No. 1 (1995), pp. 192-198.
11. Internal audit function
To mainstream tackling racism throughout its departments and in its policy-making (United Kingdom);
I used to go out for a walk in the evening. But now I am used to watching TV in the evening.
Many times, it鈥檚 not enough to just do a job from wherever you please 鈥?it鈥檚 best if it鈥檚 a job you love to do.
Looking at their boots, he several times shook his head dejectedly, and pointed them out to the Austrian general with an expression as much as to say that he blamed no one for it, but he could not help seeing what a bad state of things it was.
XXMa Zhong: I willXXWill you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others keep yourself only unto her so long as you both shall liveMa Zhong : To the Bride(Bride name)Will you have this man to be your wedded husband, to live together in the holy estate of marriage
Prayer
The sole purpose of the World Confederation of Productivity Science is to promote peace and prosperity through productivity, making a difference and creating new possibilities which will benefit countries and their peoples all over the world.
Kenn Kaufman
As many as 30 million girls are at risk of undergoing female genital mutilation/cutting in the next 10 years.
69. While her delegation reaffirmed its support for and welcomed the work of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, it deplored the fact that very few Latin American countries were represented on the Committee.
Financial reward: His Apple rewards are minimal--a salary of one dollar a year so that his family is eligible for the health plan.
Drums with larger openings are considered to be of the removable head type (1N2).
78.31. Continue implementation of effective policies and programmes aimed at improving among others the health, education, standard of living and access to safe drinking water and sanitation of the people (Malaysia);
96.3. Adopt appropriate legislation on trafficking in human beings, prohibit the use, procuring or offering of children for prostitution and ensure that children under the age of 14 are not engaged in child labour (Slovenia);
21. At the 4th meeting of the Sub-group, the representative of the Energy and Transport Branch of the Division for Sustainable Development made an introductory statement, after which statements were made by the Vice-Chairman of the Sub-group and by Mr. Meshref, Mr. Pavlovschi, Mr. Kahrobaian, and Mr. Derogan.
2.1 In 1984, the author was said to be a well respected lawyer in Malaga. He was known to have denounced abuses allegedly committed by local judges.
Progressive muscle relaxation is an exercise where you breathe slowly to relax your muscles.
The activities and tasks of the Society include studying the theories, history and status of human rights in China and overseas; engaging in relevant international exchanges and cooperation; and raising awareness.
The first led him to a dark, narrow prison, in which sat a prisoner, a beautiful woman, daughter of Christian the Fourth, Eleanor Ulfeld, and the flame became a rose on her bosom, and its blossoms were not more pure than the heart of this noblest and best of all Danish women.
65. Nicaragua recognized the progress made by Uruguay in protecting human rights, including the development of the institutional framework to address social issues such as child labour, juvenile justice, commercial sexual exploitation of children and adolescents, and children living on the street.
We recognize that the security situation on the ground has improved since the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti was established in 2005.
1. Reaffirms the role of the Conference on Disarmament as the sole multilateral disarmament negotiating forum of the international community;
Provisional agenda of the sixty-fifth regular session of the General Assembly*
28. The increase in South-South trade has contributed to the recovery from the crisis.
An earthquake is caused by tectonic plates getting stuck and putting a strain on the ground.
When it outstripped the increase in demand for manufactured goods, it would indeed create a problem of employment, just as higher productivity growth in agriculture would have been a real problem had people not been moved out of agriculture.
Government
As regards the two other items for which the claimant seeks compensation from the Commission, the Panel finds that the amounts asserted arose from a dispute between the claimant and the NHA in relation to amounts owed under the contract and were therefore incurred not as a direct result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Water polo at the 2015 Summer Universiade
In section III, paragraph 10, of the same resolution, the General Assembly welcomed the efforts made by the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management to seek the evaluation by Member States of the quality of the conference services provided to them, and requested the Secretary-General to continue to explore innovative ways to systematically capture and analyse feedback from Member States and committee chairs and secretaries on the quality of conference services and to report thereon to the General Assembly through the Committee on Conferences.
Building upon these recommendations means reforming traditional DDR programmes to encompass the more holistic approach of Prevention, Release, and Integration (PRI).
This is the serious dilemma that we must resolve.
UNDP has also initiated plans to provide support in the preparation of programmatic documents to expedite the implementation of programmes and to assist, through advocacy and capacity strengthening, in enabling the Ministry to play an assertive leadership role in the reconstruction process.
In accordance with article VII, paragraph 1, of the agreement establishing the Institute, its Council was composed of representatives of all members, including associate members.
Mr Parsons may have overlooked this point since, at Time Warner, he shrugged off a bear hug from Carl Icahn.
Making SMEs creditworthy The transaction costs and risks of financing SMEs can be reduced if the latter are strengthened through business development services and through clustering.
The aim of this training programme is to encourage new business start-ups among women and new graduates from technical and vocational colleges and from universities.
An expenditure of $5,500 was recorded for the hire of a film editing studio during the previous period.
Game companies have experimented with unconventional controllers for years, but a lot of them were clunkers that didn't sell well like the Power Glove, a device introduced in 1989 for that let users control Nintendo games with simple hand motions.
As of the beginning of October 2012, the Office has registered 564 vendors with the Procurement Division, of which 376 are from developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
But with an annual population growth rate of 1.7 percent, it is expected to overtake China by 2025.
The second meeting was preceded by a consultation, organized by OHCHR, with minority organizations and others on the advancement of work to combat racial discrimination and to protect minorities in the United Nations system, and was followed by the fifth session of the Forum on Minority Issues, which was devoted to the anniversary of the Declaration.
Select a thumbnail or icon to view its options.
Are you willing to attend any related seminars or petition activities?
73. CRC noted that Togo was among the group of least developed countries and that a large part of the population lived below the poverty line.
Brighton 'Healthiest City' of Britain Milwaukee 'Drunkest City' of US " Oslo 'Most expensive' city of the worl
Julianne: What
Encouraging the international community, acting through the United Nations and other international organizations as well as bilaterally, to enhance its humanitarian support for the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Bosnian Federation and the Republic of Croatia,
The Best Medicine What is the greatest reward of being alive?
So come, my friends, be not afraid.
Development and preparation, in cooperation with the relevant institutions and organizations of persons with disabilities the programmes of psycho-social and legal aid to women with disabilities who experienced violence, abuse and ill-treatment;
(ii) At the earliest opportunity and to the extent feasible all minefields within the territory controlled by the party concerned, are to be secured and monitored by military or other authorized personnel, or protected by fencing or other means to ensure the effective exclusion of civilians from the area.
This is a real popular item.
The fuel might be wood, charcoal or any other burnable material.
Agenda item 19
The Council also takes note of the statements made by the Representatives of Rwanda, the Secretariat of the Economic Community of Central African States (ECCAS), the United Nations, the European Union, France, the United Kingdom and the United States of America;
FCCC/AG13/1997/CRP.1 Draft report of the Ad Hoc Group on Article 13 on the work of its fourth session, held at Bonn from 25 to 28 February 1997
The Committee invites the State party to report back to it within a specified period regarding its follow-up to the Committee's recommendations, indicating what steps, if any, it has taken.
The French regime for control of exports of military and related equipment is based on general principles:
In recent years, international trade has made important contributions to economic growth in developing countries and has the potential for an even bigger impact.
The transport system monitors the productivity/efficiency and maintenance requirements of each vehicle and manages the stock of spare parts. The personnel system automates personnel management in the mission, from maintenance of records to administration of leave.
The vietnamese foreign minister have a series of off-the-record meetings with his french counterpart in Geneva.
A wealth of data on the geographical features was being input into the database.
Morocco, for instance, was selected in 1995 to assist in mounting the FAO project AFRICOVER on the African continent.
The State party's submission on admissibility and merits
You promised.
I want nothing else to do with you, Blair.
I like volleyball and gymnastics, which I do most of the year
United Arab Emirates
16. In July 2005 the Gleneagles summit endorsed the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative for the 100 per cent cancellation of debt owed to the International Monetary Fund, the International Development Association and the African Development Fund by 14 African participants in the Highly Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative.
In addition, the subprogramme would further strengthen data dissemination through the issuance of publications and the provision of online databases to countries in the ESCAP region.
That is why the draft resolution before us today is so important.
A policy guide to housing for indigenous peoples in cities was published in 2009 and is being implemented in five Andean countries (the Plurinational State of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela), where further research and policy guidance is under way on indigenous peoples and indigenous women's housing conditions in cities.
You're just not seeing the big picture here, freckles.
The section with the lowest response rate was the one dealing with court and prosecution statistics, in particular as regards the breakdown of convictions and prosecutions by type of crime.
McKinnon in 2002 by British police arrest, then repeated stand trial.
These equations are related through application of requirements of equilibrium and compatibility at the joints.
The Maldives is a Republic in which the legislative, executive and judicial powers are distributed between the various institutions of the State.
Lie Kim Hok
Provision for recognition rewards 112. During 2011, the UNOPS recognition, rewards and sanctions policy was implemented on a pilot basis; the policy is fully supported by the International Civil Service Commission.
Recalling that in its resolution 48/134 of 20 December 1993 the Assembly welcomed the principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights, annexed to that resolution,
36. Decides to apportion among Member States the amount of 863,493,500 dollars for the period from 25 September 2006 to 30 June 2007, in accordance with the levels updated in its resolution 58/256 and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2006, as set out in its resolution 58/1 B, and the scale of assessments for 2007, subject to a decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of the Mission;
Our target customers are the 25-35 year olds.
In those cases, those people have other options and other phones to go to.
103. The Board noted a net difference of $0.43 million as a result of a mismatch between the balance reported on the UNDP financial statements as receivables from United Nations agencies of $4.81 million and the total confirmed amount received from other United Nations agencies of $4.38 million.
Supporting opportunities in information and communication technologies
Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981 (No. 155)
Another 22 per cent was concentrated in the urban water supply and sanitation area.
 Governments of developing countries, as well as the international community, should respond to this by creating a supportive policy framework and providing appropriately targeted financial and technical assistance.
(i) The assessed contributions receivable as at 31 December 2003 have been recorded in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the policy of the United Nations.
Government forces, supported by AMISOM, forced the insurgents to retreat.
Mindful that HFCs are controlled under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and its Kyoto Protocol and recognizing that there is scope for exploring cooperation with the Montreal Protocol for reducing emissions and minimizing environmental impacts from hydrofluorocarbons, [and that Montreal Protocol Parties and associated bodies have considerable expertise in [these areas that they could share] [controlling similar substances]];
Media in Canada by city
He was wearing a gun.
(a) The testimony of persons from the occupied territories;
Note by the secretariat
Developed countries should share with developing and transition economy countries their experience in promoting and establishing ICT sectors in their own economies so that mistakes are avoided and benefits maximized.
60. The Administration's comments on the recommendation are reflected in paragraph 168 of the Board's report.
We look forward to continuing work together with a view to eliminating these horrible weapons not only in Mozambique, but also in all countries affected by this evil.
Despite repeated assurances given by the Government of Israel, settlement activities continue unabated.
Article 36 The personnel of government prices departments are wholly prohabited to use materials or information obtained according to law for purposes other than price control or reveal business secrets of the people concerned.
Additional information on the ETS
Enforced or involuntary disappearances/Minority issues/Indigenous people
Start working up a list of known contacts in the city.
National and sub-national elections remain turnkey moments in the life of democratic life.
Then we can enquire into what is space, which is to put occupation in its right place.
Well, I'm glad you're not defensive.
University of Worcester
Concept Plan for Lantau
Notification of change of particulars of reserve director (D7)
Inactive vendors in the Atlas system
Contracts/Consultancies awarded in the month of Feb 2008
When the partnership admission agreement is concluded, the original partners shall inform the new partner the original partnership's operating and financial conditions.
She has not demonstrated a risk of being subjected to persecution, threats and harassment from the PKK, which would make her in need of protection.
Germany reported that it retained anti-personnel mines under Article 3 with the following objectives 1) detection and demining equipment research and testing, 2) vehicle mine protection programme, 3) mine detection dogs, and 4) accident research, for the following projects/activities: 1) Mobile Minesearch and Clearing system, 2) Modular Fragment Protection, 3) Regular dog training at the Dog Handling Centre where the anti-personnel mines are placed in permanent search fields with fusing mechanisms party or entirely removed.
Well, I think - and again, that's a little bit of a misnomer.
Moreover, it called for the expiry of the UNMIK mandate after a 120 day transition period, after which "all legislative and executive authority vested in UNMIK shall be transferred en bloc to the governing authorities of Kosovo, unless otherwise provided for in this Settlement" (ibid., Art. 15.1). It mandated the holding of general and municipal elections no later than nine months from the entry into force of the Constitution (ibid., Art. 11.1).
The right to realize independence is after all the independent rights; that is the human rights.
7. The outcome of the management review included recommendations on a net reduction of 35 international posts, including a net abolishment of 12 posts and a conversion of 23 posts into an equivalent number of United Nations Volunteer positions.
From 10:00 to 11:15, in Conference Room E.
Governments are invited to provide the proper legal and regulatory environment for the rapid development of electronic commerce and its dissemination among enterprises, especially small and medium-sized enterprises with a view towards, inter alia, facilitating interoperability.
For example, let's say a teacher gives you an assignment with a deadline.
On 4 November 2005, he was arrested by prosecutors on a charge of cannabis consumption, and the court sentenced him to 10 months of imprisonment, with a two-year suspension of the sentence.
Rule 104
"All parents have favorites," he believes.
Graduated from the Department of Sichuan Arts Institute in 1989.
The money I feared would be going to the school to buy a new window.
Many now claim that abolition of capital punishment is a precondition of a civilized criminal-law system.
Euro Top : For a tight surface with a pillow top feel.
13. With a view to building skills and capacity to fight such crimes, the Summit welcomes the establishment by UNODC and Interpol of the International Anti-Corruption Academy in Vienna and calls upon it to develop and deliver specialized courses for prosecutors.
Tuesday, 15 May 2007
52. The Panel convened negotiations on the management of security in the border zone, the Mechanism and related issues, in Ethiopia, in April 2011.
HIPC requires sustained efforts over several years.
Has anyone seen my groom yet?
B: It's right here on my card.
- QCS has participated in regional meetings to discuss humanitarian emergencies especially in Iraq and to follow up on the implementation of decisions past meetings.
E/C.12/URY/3-4
The secretariat of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) is promoting the right to development at the national and international levels.
He weaves their lives and writings into a compelling story of dilemmas, courage, dignity and defiance.
11. Consultations.
In the misty Qinghan the night, in the ancient flowing Embrace in the wind, drift.
It had before it the following documents:
After the eighth month of his detention, he was tortured on one occasion only.
304. At MONUC, changes to software were only made by information and communications technology personnel; no other users appeared to have access to the production environment.
The Hague or New York
I don't know how, dear God, except to bless her as richly as she deserves and to help me live up to the example she set.
In addition to raising awareness among the Darfurian civilian population on risks associated with unexploded ordnance, UNAMID will continue its clearance of unexploded ordnance along travel and migration routes and in village areas throughout the area of operation.
Sueie: You know it! The candy bar gave me the energy I needed to finish the computer report.
Opportunities for tailor-made capacity-renewal and enhancement interventions will be explored, and efforts will be made to build interfaces between public sector managers and leaders and relevant actors from the private sector and civil society.
much a day do you charge
Welcoming the steady progress achieved by the Government and people of Sierra Leone towards achieving peace and stability and in laying the ground for Sierra Leone's long-term development,
29. Also welcomes General Assembly resolution 55/71 of 4 December 2000, in which the Assembly, inter alia, encouraged the Economic and Social Council to request the regional commissions, within their respective mandates and resources, to build up a database, to be updated regularly, in which all programmes and projects carried out in their respective regions
One of the major characteristics of the Congress is the dominant role committees play in its proceedings.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
closed meeting
Revelation
List of Mobile Suit Gundam SEED characters
Government Information Centre
Among various kinds of sports; I like jogging in pcrafticular.
Delegations might wish to comment on the ordering of the various parts of the text.
Excessive force in policing demonstrations in the instances reported above contravenes the requirements of the United Nations Code of Conduct for Law Enforcement Officials (art. 3) and the United Nations Basic Principles on the Use of Force and Firearms by Law Enforcement Officials (principle 4) that law enforcement officials use force only when strictly necessary and to the extent required for the performance of their duty, and that they apply nonviolent means first, using force only if other means remain ineffective or without any promise of achieving the intended result.
 A roster of "turnaround managers" who have made significant improvement in public management systems and who can be made available to assist countries that request their services will be established.
In addition, Africa needs help with anti-malaria medicines, diagnostic equipment, and training of community health workers.
 (b) Provide redundant emergency backup when the main power supply, provided through larger generators, is interrupted.
And your soul is sick.
Perhaps, at company in China, it is not obvious for the white-collar woman.
(b) "Latest achievements of Yuzhnoye SDO in building of rocket engines", by V. Shnyakin of Ukraine;
This is yet another manifestation of the most successful instrument of our international governance system and I would urge you to take a closer look at the secret behind the Montreal Protocol and its Multilateral Fund and the partnerships and success stories that it has generated for over 20 years now.
76.120. That the minority communities be included in the process of constitution-making and the formulation of the Electoral Code, in order to take into account their wishes and aspirations (Norway);
It was necessary to look at the options for the way forward and for the monitoring and measurability, as well as the legal standing, of the right to development.
On Monday, 16 September, at the headquarters of the Organization of American States, the representatives of our two countries will be presented with the conclusions and recommendations of a conciliation process that has taken place under the auspices of that organization.
 In short, we find the consideration of the so-called key questions useful.
21.36 The categories of outputs foreseen to be delivered are as follows:
As part of the GAD structure, Standing Committees on Equality and Gender are to be set up which will be responsible for mainstreaming policies of equality and equity and monitoring their respective departments' compliance with that goal.
e. During review of the Project No: FM/MOZ/08/005, SAP ID 103009 `Environmental Mainstreaming and Adaptation to Climate Change', it was observed that:
Clinton sees parallels with his own disastrous first midterm election, in 1994, when Democrats lost control of the House and Senate.
In order to strengthen the work of the Committee, the Office of the High Commissioner and the Committee prepared a plan of action.
279. The UNICEF Regional Office for South Asia and Eastern and Southern Africa Regional Office have implemented the recommendation.
English is one of compulsive and very important subjects in Chinese universities. Students' perceived abilities in English learning or performing English related activities is referred as English self-efficacy.
Number of female participants*
At its fifty-first session, the General Assembly decided to continue its consideration of the item at its resumed fifty-first session (decision 51/460).
Indigenous women are particularly vulnerable to discrimination, poor sexual and reproductive health care and gender-based violence, especially in conflict areas.
24 Sept. 2000
It was attended by 350 participants from 87 countries, including representatives of 12 international organizations, 15 private companies and 12 United Nations organizations.
The seminar provided scientific and technical information on the uses of remote sensing technology in tropical terrestrial management.
12. In paragraph 3 of his report to the Security Council of 5 October 1993, 5/ the Secretary-General indicated that on 24 September 1993, His Royal Highness Prince Norodom Sihanouk, Head of State, had formally promulgated the Constitution in Phnom Penh.
It is estimated that 2.3 million people need emergency food assistance.
Pearson said the shop had misled him with a sign guaranteeing customer satisfaction.
Recalling the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities adopted by consensus by the General Assembly by its resolution 47/135 of 18 December 1992, and taking into consideration article 27 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights as well as other relevant existing international standards and national legislation,
Production for critical uses = 564.4 ODP-t. Exempted amount = 580.0 ODP-t in decision XVIII/13(1). Production for export for exempted uses = 510.0 ODP-t. Production for BDN of A5 Parties = 1451.6 ODP-t.
New solidarity funds have been established in rural areas without financial services, thereby strengthening the various productive activities of peasant and rural families.
(g) The system of supervision of places of detention is not effective, responsibility for prison administration lies with the Ministry of Territorial Administration.
With respect to increased consumption of parts, consumables and "bench stock", the Panel finds that the Claimant cannot increase the amount claimed by way of its response to the article 34 notification, for the reason set out in paragraph 120 above.
Republic of Korea
Colombia reported extending accessibility to services through the provision of 63 units of comprehensive care for victims.
(ii) Yuen Long District Office, Public Enquiry Service Centre, Ground Floor, Yuen Long District Office Building, 269 Castle Peak Road, Yuen Long, New Territories; and
The extent of protection of the patent right for design shall be determined by the product incorporating the patented design as shown in the drawings or photographs.
8. At its 233rd meeting, on 10 April 2000, the Special Committee established a Working Group of the Whole and agreed on the following organization of work: proposals relating to the maintenance of international peace and security (eight meetings); proposals regarding the peaceful settlement of disputes between States (two meetings); proposals concerning the Trusteeship Council (one meeting); proposals on the ways and means of improving working methods of the Committee (two meetings); the question of the identification of new subjects (one meeting); and the consideration and adoption of the report (three meetings).
For children aged between six months and less than six years from families receiving Comprehensive Social Security Assistance, the DH will provide free flu vaccination service till March 31 through its Maternal and Child Health Centers.
He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream and he had gone eighty-four days now without taking a fish.
All bodies and agencies foreseen by the April 2008 police reform laws are now formally established and possess the necessary conditions to begin to function.
Linux Professional Institute
In the decades that followed the abandonment of the fixed currency exchange rate system it became clear that variations in exchange rates would continue to affect the United Nations system.
The incidence of EP has been rising for several decades, so recognition of it's risk factors could help to facilitate early diagnosis, treatment and prevention.
Chronology of the work of the Working Group on Lessons Learned
2/F., Kwun Tong District Branch Office Building, Tung Yan Street, Kwun Tong, Kln
The lifecycle of liquor culture indicatedmarket in China still remained in growth stage.
The Government had further promoted children's rights by, inter alia, raising awareness of the danger of landmines, with support from UNICEF; providing financial support for orphans; preparing a draft law on child protection; ratifying both Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child; ensuring the availability of kindergartens and of free primary and secondary education; criminalizing begging and the use of child labour; and working to establish an Iraqi children's parliament.
Book now for the holiday of a lifetime !
We have already started to control the indiscriminate spread of the audiovisual market .
Anglicans by nationality
" And she was not being sarcastic!
:: At the Kabul Conference, the Government pledged to prioritize the adoption of the draft criminal procedural code and to develop and implement a database on prisoners.
Republic of Turkey
In cattle, rabies is transmitted exclusively from the bite of saliva infected rabid animals.
As before, these estimates, including staff salaries, are calculated on the basis of full incumbency of the existing nine posts and the related operating expenses for the period January-December 2004, taking into account savings resulting from two posts (1 P-2/1 and 1 General Service) being vacant until 31 May 2004.
Abu Husam, a spokesman for these gunmen from the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, an armed wing of the ruling Fatah movement,told reporters that the PNA had promised to fold them into the Palestinian security forces, but this didn't come true.
Torchlight local grocer In the torchlight, he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins, our local grocer.
The dull globe, the dead mass, the Earth itself, rose and stretched under me.
5. The CHAIRMAN expressed the hope that the Committee would truly modernize its work by eliminating those items that were no longer relevant and addressing those which were, such as plutonium smuggling.
American military planes have been allowed to fly in with relief supplies.
By contrast, finance and infrastructure ministries of have more of a back-end character.
One meeting has been allotted for that purpose.
Promote and contribute to comprehensive, durable solutions for the human displacement problems caused by the conflicts in the Caucasus.
11. As highlighted in article 31 of the Declaration, the Permanent Forum requests that both WIPO and States take effective measures and to establish mechanisms to recognize the right of indigenous peoples to protect their intellectual property, including their cultural heritage, traditional knowledge and traditional cultural expressions, as well as the manifestations of their sciences, technologies and cultures, including human and genetic resources, seeds, medicines, knowledge of the properties of fauna and flora, oral traditions, literatures, designs, sports and traditional games, and visual and performing arts.
How long was the preparation in progress before Mary was chosen?
Taking into account the "Manifesto 2000" initiative of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization promoting a culture of peace, which has received over seventy-five million signatures of endorsement throughout the world,
And a new day will begin
(b) if the HIPC decision point is reached no later than two (2) years from the entry into force of this Agreement, or such later date as shall be agreed by the two States.
Also, an entirely new chapter, Oral Presentation of Technical Information, has been added. Though a study of this chapter is no substitute for training in public speaking, we believe that its recommendations can nevertheless be of substantial assistance to those who use this book on the numerous occasions when they will be called upon to present their ideas in person before a small group or a large audience.
Those aspects are regularly addressed by the Special Adviser, the Director and staff of the Division in meetings with and briefings for representatives of Member States, entities of the United Nations system and civil society organizations in training workshops and other outreach activities.
66. The Rio Group underscored the important work being carried out by the Committee on the Rights of the Child, and States parties should continue their efforts to implement the Committee’s recommendations.
Whether it is pork or beef that is stuffed into a hot dog, the meat trimmings are carefully selected just like the meat you buy in your grocers coolers.
5. Reaffirms its resolution 48/227 of 23 December 1993, and stresses the need for the Secretariat to present budget documents on time in order to allow for a proper and thorough review and approval by the General Assembly of these budgets before their implementation;
Argentina
In Kidal city, MINUSMA is supporting the delivery of electricity for between four and five hours per day.
Broadcasting Standards Authority
Aluminum toxicity in acidic soils is the most important factors which could limit crop production.
Santo Domingo
He became executive director in January 2005 -- and still wears a suit to work every day.
A/CN.9/438/Add.3
71. Mr. Moktefi (Algeria) clarified that his previous statement had been an attempt to correct misconceptions and had not been aimed at any specific country.
Unión Comercio
16 years ago Fine, I give.
On the basis of the available information regarding the forty-eighth session of the Commission on the Status of Women and the sixtieth session of the Commission on Human Rights, the Division would suggest that the meeting of the Committee in Maastricht be held from 29 March to 1 April 2004.
TOZ-194
Member States and Tribunal staff members have been indispensable in providing the support necessary for the Tribunal to become a court that has not only challenged impunity but has also added a new dimension to international law.
A court action to establish ownership of property.
You can buy these high grade fish oils in lemon, orange, and peach flavors.
To return as an equivalent for ; reimburse.
We know he was born in Athens, and that he spent most of his life in the city squares and marketplaces talking with the people he met there.
It tackles the first objective of such systems and complements the provision of article 8, paragraph 5, which requires that States parties endeavour to establish measures and systems requiring public officials to make declarations regarding, inter alia, their outside activities, employment, investments, assets and substantial gifts or benefits from which a conflict of interest may result with respect to their functions as public officials.
Objective:To discuss factors related to neonatal asphyxia and its prophylactic measures.
You could use any name you want as your project path.
Pallet loading systems represent another means of cutting down on machine idle time due to setup operations.
Once a child is deemed fit to return home, the local branch of ASOFERWA prepares the ground for the release with the community.
Srain brain on the train is restrained..156. The gained grain drained away with the rain, all the pains were in vain again..157.
Address by Mr. Naoto Kan, Prime Minister of Japan
Distributing food among the homeless was an act of mercy.
The activities included the training of police and justice personnel on trafficking issues, the agreement between Kyrgyzstan and the Government of Sweden on support for training in and development of social work with children in high-risk groups and the requirement for specialists working with children to have obligatory knowledge of the fundamental provisions of the Convention and relevant Kyrgyz legislation.
(d) Responses to current demands
The contributions and needs of the world's indigenous populations are essential components of success.
9. Geographical names as culture, heritage and identity (including indigenous, minority and regional language names).
A Party included in Annex I may [acquire CERs] [use CERs to contribute to compliance with part of its quantified emission limitation and reduction commitments] under the provisions of Article 3 if [it][the Compliance Committee has decided that the Party has demonstrated that it has met the following requirements]:
42. Reaffirm the need for Member States to review and, if necessary, strengthen coordinated measures, enhance capacity-building to combat money-laundering arising from drug trafficking and improve judicial cooperation, where appropriate, at the national, regional and international levels, to dismantle organized criminal groups involved in drug trafficking, in order to provide for the prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of the perpetrators of such crimes;
Moreover, it should be noted that the drop-out rate among girls at the primary education level is higher than the rate among boys.
Representatives may make brief statements consisting solely of explanations of vote, before the voting has commenced or after the voting has been completed.
Ratio of girls to boys in classes 1-4; ratio of girls to boys in classes 5-12
Mali Zvornik
Posts/positions redeployed from United Nations Headquarters
It's a bad idea to assume that you're working with a simple, raw implementation of such an interface!
She has discharged her office there with distinction.
24. Japan is determined to participate actively in efforts for the implementation of UNISPACE III recommendations. For example, Japan is now serving as Chair of the action team for recommendation 17, on enhancing capacity-building through the development of human and budgetary resources.
He was accompanied by an official from the Ministry of Human Rights who did not have prior knowledge of the delegation's destination until it had departed for the "safe house".
The moment she got to know the ropes there was no stopping her.
In the 90's several important conferences devoted to these matters were organized in Poland, including in parliament.
We'll tremble and cross our fingers," he said on his Internet site.
Expressed a formula, this law can be written as follows.
They opposed the plan by mounting a public demonstration.
The plan would then be incorporated into the programme of activities under the contract.
Goal 3 of the Millennium Development Goals about the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women does not include any reference to women's migration among the indicators selected to monitor its progress.
Learning the real Chinese language (slang, expressions, etc.) used by ordinary native speakers
As described above, antioxidants help prevent the destruction of cells in our body that can lead to cataracts, glaucoma, varicose veins, hemorrhoids, peptic ulcers, heart disease and cancer.
79. As for improving the transparency and objectivity of the procedure for promotion to the High Court of Cassation and Justice (HCCJ), the law on promotion to the HCCJ is already in force following the adoption by the Parliament in December 2011.
It'says that the board must remove its demands table or suffer further escalated job action.
Roger is every inch a gentleman: he's always thoughtful and courteous.
Finally, the draft resolution also calls for all reconstruction and disaster risk reduction efforts to take into consideration the impacts of climate change and to support the efforts of the Governments of Haiti, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and other countries affected by Hurricane Tomas.
Even the late Roh Moo-hyun, a former president who floated the idea of a joint economic bloc with the North, took a cautious approach.
The Representative of the Secretary-General stated that additional information would be provided in the future, including possible ways to handle those entities whose investments the Investment Management Division was managing.
Progress report on processing of Security Company Licence applications (
Wood did not know the cause of the quarrel but struck for William.
Netherlands
Please at any time, anywhere, don't forget His Holiness'teachings.
38. Although the international market for carbon sequestration is in its infancy, some interesting efforts are being made to develop this market.
The United States has enacted legislation, promulgated executive orders, and taken other administrative measures to strengthen its immigration laws and related measures relative to the transit of listed individuals.
He isn't coming to me. It's been 2 days.
It is alleged that the Law restricts the use of printed materials and employment of foreign lecturers, and hinders religious instruction of children.
55/214 Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries
Can brush the ointment of antibiosis material, or contain suprarenal and coriaceous hormonal ointment.
When you decide you want a cookie, take one of these cereal bars and put it in your office-kitchen's refrigerator.
There are some good ideas in the European Union statement as there were in that of Ambassador Levitte which we have already heard on how we can proceed with that.
Note: Minimum requirement indicates an adequate scope of implementation of the 2008 SNA, when relevant.
Conference services were provided for the Working Group.
This is the minimum that the international community can do to support Africa's own efforts.
Findings from this study showed that the choice of chemical additives in tyre rubber greatly affects the toxicity of the leachate and that this should be taken into consideration in future developments of rubber for tyres to reduce their potential environmental impact.
If your prices are reasonable, we may place a large order with you. 9.
Situation of human rights in Myanmar
The Team also continues to provide narrative summaries of reasons for the listing of individuals and entities in close consultation with the designating States.
Good. Very good. We just put out new designer shoes on the market and they're selling like hot cakes.
6. A new paragraph (h) was added to this article, establishing:
Additional investments in staff training and information technology underpin these proposals.
Section 61 bis provides:
We have no evidence at all to confirm or contradict the applicability of thermodynamics to the universe as a whole.
Vic-la-Gardiole
I sincerely believe that blocking the entry of Palestine could perhaps be seen by some as benefiting the State of Israel.
He said the discussions had been " candid and spirited. "
And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering unto the LORD， and it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings.
It was convened in pursuance of paragraph 1 (g) of Governing Council decision 20/17 of 5 February 1999, entitled "Views of the Governing Council on the report of the Secretary-General on environment and human settlements"; paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 53/242 of 28 July 1999, entitled "Report of the Secretary-General on environment and human settlements"; and paragraph 5 of General Assembly resolution 40/243 of 18 December 1985, entitled "Pattern of conferences"; and in accordance with rules 5 and 6 of the rules of procedure of the Governing Council.
51. Despite the contributions made to the Agency over the past year, it continued to suffer from a shortfall in resources and it projected a deficit for 1994 that was twice that for 1993.
55. Contrary to its Safeguards Agreement and relevant resolutions of the Board of Governors and the Security Council, Iran is not implementing the provisions of the modified Code 3.1 of the Subsidiary Arrangements General Part to Iran's Safeguards Agreement.
In view of the review of different aspects of organizational design and working methods described in paragraphs 31 to 37 above, care has been taken not to propose to institutionalize capacity if the continuing need is uncertain.
Human Rights Council
37. The questionnaire was also sent to NGOs and intergovernmental organizations, and replies were received from the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime (UNODC), Casa Alianza (Honduras), ECPAT International, the International Federation Terre des Hommes and World Vision International.
The Charter confers on the Security Council primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security.
Aigle Castle
A portion of the poetic dialogue is extracted from the aforementioned Sutta for our contemplations, examination and a comparative study.
The single and complex soap lubricating greases were prepared, and their physicochemical properties were measured.
3:6 As for that night, let darkness seize upon it; let it not be joined unto the days of the year, let it not come into the number of the months.
As at 6 March 2004, a total of 5,373 ex-soldiers or officers have been demobilized since the pilot process started in October, 1,870 of them in Kabul.
The Committee was informed that at the planning and start-up phases of UNMEER, a provision of two armoured vehicles per country of operation had been made, for a total of eight armoured vehicles, which were funded through the commitment authority granted by the General Assembly in its resolution 69/3.
The characteristics and preparing methods of hydroxyapatite are reviewed in this paper, as well as the substrate materials used in separation and purification field.
The parties welcomed the intention of the Secretary-General to ensure a unified and coherent approach in the provision of economic, social and other assistance in the occupied territories.
She said that the phrase ", inter alia," should be inserted after the word "including" in the fourth line of paragraph 15 and drew attention to a number of minor drafting changes.
Member of the Parliamentary Integrity Commission (1978-2007)
In this respect, the Committee regrets the change in the legislative framework resulting from the last reform of the Asylum Law and Aliens Police Act, which entered into force on 1 January 2006.
What demands can be made of large transnational companies that would assist in diversification and industrialization?
The first-voting Justice Matningsdal, emphasized inter alia the significance of the topography and the reindeer's extensive use of the land when deciding the content of the criterion use as basis for the acquisition of grazing rights according to the rules on rights derived since time immemorial.
Hope was expressed for significant progress to be made on the work on the regulations regarding cobalt-rich ferromanganese crusts during the upcoming seventeenth session.
 At the time of preparing this report, i.e. on 30 May 1996, there were 14 Syrians serving long-term prison sentences of up to 37 years.
I also refer to the identical letters dated 12 June 2007 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of Lebanon to myself and the President of the Council, which also transmitted this information in detail.
Recommendation 6
The office undertakes and supervises both preventive and combative measures.
Methods of work of the Commission on Population and Development
The steel is premium grade and is manufactured in only a few plants around the world because of its high quality requirements.
Other meetings
You couldn't have got me something easier to chew?
Heavy cargo (20 tons)
- "In Lebanon, article 17 of the law regulating the conditions for entry, stay and departure of aliens in Lebanon, in force since 10 July 1962, states that: "The expulsion of an alien from Lebanon will be decided by the Director of General Security, in the event that his or her presence is considered a threat to public security.
Where large-scale voluntary repatriation was either planned or already under way, there was a clear need to ensure that such returns took place not only in safety and dignity but also on a sustainable basis.
The PRESIDENT said that that statement was noted.
Right V. Might: International law and the use of force
During the fishing year 1997-1998, when the ship was purchased, various harvest rights (catch entitlements) were transferred, but no specific quota share was associated with the ship.
Pursuant to this approach, rough figures show that the State should pay for each uninsured person a minimum of KM 41 or, in total, KM 31.85 million of additional funds.
12. Also urges States parties and signatories to the Convention to strengthen the capacity of legislators, law enforcement officials, judges and prosecutors to deal with matters relating to asset recovery, including in the areas of mutual legal assistance, confiscation, criminal confiscation and, where appropriate, non-conviction-based forfeiture in accordance with domestic law and the Convention, and civil proceedings, and to give the highest consideration to providing technical assistance in these fields, upon request;
At the same time drawing new bank selling price, the purchase price of the bank for your short-term operation as a reference point difference.
Aims: To appraise the value of multislice spiral CT in detecting and grading of esophageal varices in cirrhotic patients.
The State party specifically refers to the author's agreement to allow an exhumation and a forensic medical examination of his wife's body, as well as a necessity to investigate the author's allegations of him being beaten up by persons in military uniform in 2004, as a result of which he changed his place of residence.
Warm etings and best wishes for Christmas and the New Year!
The impact was especially notable with regard to the pollution of water and rivers, since the damage could be irreversible.
UNDP should also ensure that future guidance helps staff distinguish clearly between capacity development and support that contributes to ongoing national activities.
Along with all the hubbub of shopping for presents and sending Christmas cards many people in America take time to help others.
I'm sorry I didn't catch your meaning.
Date of assault
When I suggested that he should go to bed he said he could not sleep; he wanted to go out and walk about the streets till day.
<span class='class1'>Computerspan> <span class='class2'>maintenancespan> <span class='class3'>isspan> an <span class='class4'>importantspan> <span class='class5'>measurespan> to <span class='class6'>improvespan> the <span class='class7'>computerspan>'s <span class='class8'>efficiencyspan> <span class='class9'>andspan> <span class='class10'>prolongspan> its life - <span class='class12'>spanspan>.
 We support the IAEA secretariat's efforts to enhance its technical cooperation activities through the model project concept.
Provision of guidance and associated documentation on ICT security policies to ensure the security and technical integrity of ICT systems in all field missions
Afghanistan
The amount of the contribution is set as 1.1 times the minimum standard of living for personal living needs of the care-providing parent.
:: Community participation, with special emphasis on the involvement of women in the management of the health system.
This United States, with its followers, was on a rampage for a long time to obliterate the socialist Korea at a go, but Korea kept walking straight road of socialism.
One expert indicated that the reference to the role of contract farming could be more balanced.
This paper firstly induces three fields of former research and the research gap and defines the personnel flexibility.
My delegation is all the sorrier, then, to see that it is highly likely that these efforts will lead nowhere.
In The Open Door the visionary director and theorist offers a lucid, comprehensive exposition of the philosophy that underlies his work.
Digital watermark technology is the integrality of data through embedding secret information - the watermark initial data.
Why has the wicked spurned God He has said to himself, "You will not require it
I'm impressed how neat and clean the whole plant is.
When you say a painting is a fake, you mean it is not authentic.
Taxonomy/Dalbergieae
Cooperation with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund
cash messenger insuranc
18. The Entity contributed to advancing gender equality in the deliberations of the General Assembly in a range of areas, from rule of law to sustainable development, to operational activities and others.
" he said.
Panel discussion on "The United Nations Human Rights Defenders Declaration after ten years: Protecting rights in a changing world" (organized by Human Rights First, the International Service for Human Rights and the Permanent Mission of Norway)
41. In this scenario, the weighted range is calculated similar to scenario 8, while membership is given a weighting of 75 per cent, population at 10 per cent and contribution factor at 15 per cent (similar to scenario 4).
This centre will act as a hub and a platform for independent expertise, monitoring and advocacy regarding nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
Security Service
Taking note with appreciation of the efforts made by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to implement Conference resolution 1/7, in particular the establishment of an open-ended dialogue, and expressing appreciation to the Member States and international organizations that participated in the dialogue,
To ensure that no voice is wrongly silenced, French democratic institutions must continue to defend free speech, the most precious of all human rights – and the one most necessary to overcome hate in all its many guises.
Pay him off or something.
Finding a man and settling down is the top priority for two-thirds of women born in 1979, a survey has found
Austria
Opening of the session
is located midway between Australia and South America at 25° S and 130° W. It comprises four islands in the western Pacific Ocean (Pitcairn, the only one of which is inhabited, Henderson, Ducie and Oeno).
He concluded that article 26 elaborated and implemented article 25 and that both should be adopted as they stood.
(d) Progress report of the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance on the situation of Muslim and Arab peoples in various parts of the world (resolution 2004/6, para. 16);
My shoes are ugly . They are very comfortable, however.
Approved staffing of the Office of Information and Communications Technology for the period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010
Assessment of the work of the Global Mechanism in the field
Countries and nationalities 751. What"s your nationality?
2. The design of the fuze system shall include features that facilitate, as applicable, effective automated and/or manual quality assurance tests and inspections.
A:Do I really have to do that
Mexico 9
Council Chamber LATIN AMERICAN AND CARIBBEAN GROUP
Never use abrasive cleansers or chemical solvents, as they may mar the casing.
Maliki Tahirou
The observer for the December Twelfth Movement stated that he agreed with the assertion by the expert, Mr. Jabbour, about what reparations were not, that is, social welfare programmes, affirmative action policies and international aid and assistance programming.
 Noting the international alarm over recent nuclear tests and the potential negative effects of underground nuclear testing on health and the environment, the General Assembly deplored all nuclear testing and called for its immediate cessation.
Tahoma
My delegation does not want to go into the long list of the many provocations and cases of non-compliance on the part of our colleagues from the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Evidently, the global economy’s growth in recent decades – including the last half-decade when many developing countries did quite well – has not created enough good jobs.
The Fox, not unmindful of its ancient cunning, will bite the Boars left hoof and sever it completely from the Boars body.
36. Various lists of definitions have been developed and contribute to the clarification and consistent use of definitions.
He referred to the proposal his country had made for a mechanism for mutual review aimed at ensuring implementation of the Convention and its Protocols in the most effective manner (CTOC/COP/2004/L.4).
Italy has decided to offer a port for the transloading of the priority chemicals from the Danish/Norwegian vessels to the United States ship.
As I have already noted, Australia places particular importance on building on the momentum generated by the successful conclusion of the 2010 NPT Review Conference.
Delegations hoped that further dialogue would be useful in increasing understanding of the Agreement and the various perspectives that affected wider participation in it.
18. The High Commissioner has personally paid particular attention to the issue.
Smoking is the greatest, lung, lip and tongue cancer, laryngeal carcinoma, and bladder, esophageal cancer.
This process repeats for several new implementations.
User sgn-N
Despite difficult conditions, UNDCP continued to support agricultural extension services reaching 2,200 families in the departments of Bolivar, Caquetá, Cauca, Nariño, Meta and Putumayo.
Brunei Darussalam
1728
(g) Addendum to the report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Children's Fund on the work of its first regular session of 2008: Joint meeting of the Executive Boards of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund and the World Food Programme (E/2008/34 (Part I)/Add.1-E/ICEF/2008/7 (Part I)/Add.1);2
Meanwhile, developed consumer countries should adopt policies and practices for improving international market access to those products;
Sierra Leone welcomes the entry into force of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the Convention relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks.
Some high street pharmacies already offer a similar service for a fee but the BPAS service is understood to be the first not to charge.
medico - surgical equipment . operating tables
It is high time that the legal profession reformed itself.
31. Total unliquidated obligations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002 as at 31 December 2002 amounted to $309.1 million, comprising $212.2 million under Governments and $96.9 million under other.
Sierra Leone will require continued support as it prepares for elections next year, strives to address the enduring challenges in the areas of good governance, youth employment and combating drug trafficking, and builds resilience to weather unexpected political and economic shocks.
In fact, of all the individuals who have adverse reactions to certain foods, only a few have true food allergy.
Firstly, it was proposed that the term "natural person" contained in draft article 12 should also be used in draft article 4, subparagraph (g).
Intrusion detection
The Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation to reduce the deployment of strategic nuclear weapons and the initiative approved at the Kananaskis summit of the Group of Eight to earmark $20 billion to assist the Russian Federation and other countries in reducing and eliminating weapons of mass destruction raise the hope that verifiable and transparent disarmament involving other nuclear Powers could become a reality in the coming years.
25. With regard to labour issues, priority was given to measures to ensure respect of migrants' labour rights and to the provision of training to migrant workers on their rights and obligations.
For its part, Myanmar is pursuing a national environmental policy based on the sustainable utilization of natural resources.
"... the mere fact that no allegation of torture was made in domestic appeal proceedings cannot as such be held against the alleged victim if it is proposed, as in the present case, that such an allegation was in fact made during the actual trial but was neither recorded nor acted upon" (annex IX, sect. GG, para. 7.4).
Nearly 30% of the world's 2, 500 CDM projects originate in London, although not all the projects offset UK emissions.
It will provide overall leadership and will strengthen such mechanisms as thematic inter-agency bodies at the global, regional and national levels, and will continue to promote and enhance accountability for gender equality in the United Nations system, including by assisting United Nations entities with the implementation of the United Nations system-wide action plan on gender equality and women's empowerment (UN-SWAP).
 (a) The Secretariat should prepare a revised version of the negotiating text of the Convention (A/AC.241/15/Rev.1) as soon as possible, based on the negotiations at the third session;
However, for many developing countries, in particular least developed countries, official development assistance is a main source of external funding, and substantial new and additional funding for sustainable development and the implementation of Agenda 21 will continue to be required.
In Kerala, ISM & H practitioner provides a complimentary system of care in the PHCs.
The Director of the Office of Emergency Programmes said that the world currently faced a disaster of uncertain proportions.
Coordinate the relationship with internal and external in company.
It is an education-aid NGO, affiliated to Edu-Aid Project of Lijiang Prefectural Charitable Foundation and under the regulation of Charity Association.
A sink brims with water.
34. The concept of "complaint" implies that the body competent to receive it has legal powers to take appropriate action.
(c) Proactively engage in public policies aimed at expanding the choices of smallholders to sell their products on local or global markets at a decent price by (a) strengthening local and national markets and supporting continued diversification of channels of trading and distribution; (b) supporting the establishment of farmers' cooperatives and other producer organizations; (c) establishing or defending flexible and efficient producer marketing boards under government authority but with the strong participation of producers in their governance; (d) using their public procurement systems to support small farmers; and (e) promoting and scaling up fair trade systems;
It adheres to the principle of giving top priority to safety, placing the main emphasis on prevention, and exercising comprehensive control.It has intensified efforts in the control and comprehensive utilization of coal gas, and rectified and shut down small coalmines lacking conditions for safe production.
Given the urgency of the matter, however, the preparation of the series had been started in early 1998.
Canada expressed concern about reports of unfair and closed trials, which, as the OSCE rapporteur to Turkmenistan concluded in 2003, were in breach of all the most fundamental principles of the rule of law.
The smartphone that is the best fit for you is going to depend heavily on your needs and preferences.
- Legal safeguard of the right to life.
While the voice of civil society also should be heard in international forums there was still the issue of legitimacy of some groups that should be resolved at the national level.
Taking into account that most children exposed to lead live in developing countries and countries with economies in transition,
58. In Suriname, a $75,000 UNDP/Government project aimed at empowering indigenous and the Maroon (people of African descent) authorities to fully participate in a national land rights dialogue has been initiated, with support from the UNDP Democratic Governance Thematic Trust Fund.
35. His Government welcomed in particular the progress made by UNHCR in enhancing the protection afforded refugee women and children.
37. During the reporting period, Croatia has responded adequately and in a timely manner to the majority of requests for assistance.
34. His delegation was encouraged by the entry into force of the Framework Convention on Climate Change and the measures taken by developed countries which were parties to the Convention to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Maracó Department
We are sorry to inform you that..
Category
New vaccines, such as rotavirus and pneumococcal vaccines, if administered comprehensively in the countries with highest burdens of disease, will contribute to a reduction in deaths and illnesses due to diarrhoea and pneumonia when combined with other preventive, protective and treatment strategies.
63rd Tony Awards
"Resolved to act to ensure that the human rights perspective is taken into account at the national, regional and international levels in measures to address the current global food crisis,
Please also inform the Committee if the reports were presented to the Knesset (Parliament) or any designated high-level authority.
Over the past years, Gloria Resort has been improving its staff uniforms, which are instrumental in promoting the hotel's image.
This tax serves the purpose of curtailing speculation on property.
227. Widows and daughters can receive property under a will as a testator enjoys testamentary freedom.
Luggage in excess of 100 kg will be charged extra.
Men are always trying to avoid responsibility.
" More than ever, Melville's declaration applies not only to America, but to all nations. Words: 360 :
While these applications are important, they are fairly limited in scope.
CARE International
Love penetrates the mysteries of life,"Anything," said George Washington Carver,"Will give up its secrets if you love it enough."
545. The incapable man in cap went into the hospitable capital hospital.
When asked about this possible eventuality, Chordia points to the fact that the term "fixed music" is at best a product of the recording age, if not an outright abstraction.
Part V
It will offer both short-term residential treatment and non-methadone outpatient programmes for young male addicts.
鈥淚f we reach September and gasoline prices or food prices are setting new highs, no one knows what Congress would do,鈥?one says.
If we take the shortcut and hop the fence, we won't have to walk all the way around to the front of the building to get there.
She also notes that “a rich ecosystem of privacy-friendly online services is starting to be up and running.”
Those decisions were endorsed by the Economic and Social Council at its July 2003 session.
What do gambling, sex, heroin and cocaine — and the other things that can addict us — have in common?
It should also be remembered that the hearing of petitioners in the Committee had been going on since the 1950s on the basis of General Assembly resolutions 652 of 20 December 1952 and 655 and 656 of 21 December 1952 and on the basis of other resolutions which provided that those who had important information on questions of decolonization should have an opportunity to speak in the Fourth Committee and/or the Special Committee on Decolonization.
A. Functions of the Logistics Support Division
Manitoulin District
Italy coach Marcello Lippi the national team today made it clear that he welcomed any time Milan Roma captain Totti and Alessandro Nesta Zhongwei return to the Azzurri.
In 2009, a trainer training course on the Convention was organized under the title, "CEDAW: opportunities and challenges for legal redress"; the participants included a number of judges, lawyers, prosecutors and law enforcement officials. Subsequently, an alliance with the Bar Association was formed for the purpose of preparing a number of cases involving various issues, but all relying on the rights set forth in the Convention, in the light of a manual entitled "Using CEDAW in the Jordanian legal system", which had been written expressly for the purpose. Agreement was reached on an initial selection of 16 cases of various kinds that would be brought before the courts.
Some would go as far as making a charge of genocide.
"My daughter," continued Danglars, "when a father asks his daughter to choose a husband, he has always some reason for wishing her to marry.
Estate children, however, show the lowest prevalence of wasting.
Please click here for details (1/4/2004).
The army seized the fort.
However, we would have preferred a stronger formulation on the use of the veto.
Georgia
A friend exaggerates a man's virtue an enemy his crimes.
3. The author states that if he were returned to Turkey he would be arrested, would again be tortured and might be killed in an extrajudicial execution.
I'd like to change this dress for another.
For its high sensitivity, accuracy, high speed and easy to be automated, bio mass spectrometry develops very fast.
American Life Insurance Company (ALICO)
Based on the current condition of organ transplantation in China this article discusses the roles and functions of medical social workers in organ transplantation.
To Egypt, experience has shown that the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones in areas of tension and conflict does indeed contribute to easing tensions, preventing conflicts and developing peaceful relations and mutual cooperation.
However, West Nile virus can cause death in older or weak people.
As an indication of the interest of the State of Kuwait in cultural activities, mention may be made of the establishment of many cultural and scientific institutions dealing with activities of this kind, in conformity with the stated objectives, so that all citizens without exception may benefit from the activities and services they offer.
In those areas that are relevant to the situation in the Isle of Man, the Government would wish to see the elimination of any problems that may exist.
GE.98—10844 (E) page Introduction 1. The present addendum supplements and updates the information communicated at the fifty-second session of the Commission on Human Rights, which is contained in the annual report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly (A/52/387) and in the annual report of the Secretary-General to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/37).
If you choose staff by appearance, you will lose lots of excellent employees.
The first physically modern humans, Homo sapiens, appeared in tropical Africa between 200,000 and 150,000 years ago-dates determined by molecular biologists and archaeologists working together
The Joint Inspection Unit is starting a system-wide study on this subject this year.
Roy: There is no way I'm saying goodbye to the Trouser Titan just so I can fool some lame-ass assassins.
Already the sound of their oars might be heard as they returned to the yacht.
Draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.31 was adopted without a vote.
II. Recommended awards for the twenty-ninth instalment claims by UNCC
Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Iraq
5. Endorses the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,2 and notes that paragraph 7 of that report is neither an observation nor a recommendation;
The cat kept clawing at my trousers.
During the reporting period, 33 proposals, or about half of the submissions, were found not to address fundamental requirements.
But transparency will make much more difference than yet another quango.
In fact, for the third consecutive tranche, UNCTAD has been able to access one fifth of Development Account resources, reflecting the trust placed in UNCTAD as an institution delivering trade- and investment-related technical cooperation services.
The Prime Minister set forth the aims of his government in a television broadcast.
We’ve seen displays of mass conformity before, but this was collectivism of the present — a high-tech vision of the harmonious society performed in the context of China’s miraculous growth.
B.PSY (Hons.)
The President (spoke in French): The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (i) of agenda item 20.
50. The Committee requests the State party to implement the recommendations of the Committee as contained in the present concluding observations.
Slovenia made recommendations.
6. Approves the underlying principles of a conceptual framework set out in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/17, in particular the argument that a rights-based approach compels policy makers to focus on the most vulnerable and disadvantaged, those who are often excluded by "average progress";
Kuwait hopes that the resolutions adopted by many international conferences with a view to achieving sustainable development will help in establishing the basis for a partnership between developed and developing countries.
They are planning to get out of the economic slump, watch out for each other and let fast rising nations help out.
79. Most of the unforeseen requirements for claims relate to an unsettled claim in the amount of $2 million for damages to the premises of the Pancevo logistic base.
Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its fourth session
The General Assembly shall consider the proposed medium-term plan in the light of the comments and recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, the Committee for Programme and Coordination and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
He walked to the door of the room and opened it quickly.
(1) called the Republic of Ireland which is called the Republic of Ireland A terrible fire broke out in a big city in Brazil, called Sao Paulo.The car factory in Shanghai produces a new car called Santana
- Direct costs to victims amount to approximately Rs221 million;
II. MEMBERSHIP AND OFFICERS OF THE HUMAN RIGHTS COMMITTEE, 2004-2005 159
Mr. Greenspan said the risk of a bond-market crisis is so great that he favors raising taxes immediately.
Women aged 20 - 24 years are four times more likely to be infected than men of the same age.
61. At its 1039th meeting, on 17 March 1994, the Committee adopted the following concluding observations.
While I was wondering at this, our schoolmaster took his place. Children, he said, this is the last time that I shall give you a lesson.
A red strawberry pie or a green or yellow Key lime piecan defeat the strongest resolution of people trying to lose weight.
Career development policies, including placement and promotion issues
Provision is made in the amount of $10,000 for the rental of cranes, low beds and recovery equipment.
The Committee has concluded that States parties are in violation of the Convention when they fail to fulfil these obligations.
Decide the length and genre of the movie you want to write.
65. The implementation of the Central Emergency Response Fund has further highlighted the need for improved definitions, indicators and needs assessment and analysis frameworks to better identify priorities and differentiate needs as situations evolve.
Last Thursday, I, my niece, and your two brothers went for a walk along the lake.
With the defeat at West Ham, Portsmouth made a big disappointment for themselves because they lost to a direct competitor.
Adopts the following outcome document:
Algeria has also ratified the following specific instruments:
A revision should be undertaken of multilateral agreements on subsidies.
Pursuant to rule 15 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, the Secretary-General wishes to report that he has received credentials from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina, signed on 24 June 2010, stating that Ms. Ljilja Grgić-Stojanović has been appointed alternate representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Security Council.
Reclassified amount d
50. Mr. Tugio (Indonesia) said that his delegation was pleased to note the substantial progress made by the Commission at its latest session and in particular its timely focus and excellent work on the increasing use of the Internet in international trade transactions, a subject of particular relevance for developing countries.
Note by the Secretariat
They believed that the fruits of economic development should be shared by the general population, not just the small group of "haves", and proposed a new methodology of gradual but thorough reform of the economic system.
We expect President Milosevic to implement the process of unconditional dialogue and to take political responsibility for ensuring that Belgrade engages in serious negotiations on Kosovo's status.
In November 2002, the Government announced the Statement on Housing Policy
News is coming in of a serious train crash in Scotland.
Switzerland
We do not intend to stop this momentum or allow its interruption.
When the people's congress is not in session, its standing committee may appoint additional individual vice- chairmen and some members of the special committees through nomination by its council of chairmen and approval by a meeting of the standing committee.
I am writing to communicate the position of my Government regarding the issue of the rehabilitation of the Stepanakert airport and in response to the groundless allegations of the representative of Azerbaijan to the United Nations contained in a document circulated on 11 October 2012 (A/67/507-S/2012/754).
Including carpet, VIP room, 2 microphones, ribbon - cutting utensils, flower arrangement and column pallet for 2 hours
As a result of this analysis, write-off requests could be issued for amounts considered no longer recoverable.
personnel affected
The couple married two years ago.
We are sorry to learn from your letter of the 10th May that your customer is still dissatisfied with the condition
The McKinsey Global Institute’s latest research is optimistic that China’s strategy will succeed.
11 May 2007
If I don't find the earrings that she lent me, I'll really be in the doghouse.
4.1.3 Reduction of within-mission travel costs by an estimated 5.4 per cent through Mission-wide implementation of an electronic movement of personnel system, whereby all movements of personnel within the Mission area will be controlled, centrally screened and approved (2005/06: $785,500; 2006/07: $780,000; 2007/08: $737,500)
The hearing should be recorded in writing, which should be singed or stamped upon confirmation without error by the participants.
Italy remains as ready as ever to facilitate that process.
(iv) Seminars for outside users: seminars organized by the Secretariat (18);
Considering that the problem of missing persons may raise questions of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, as appropriate,
Supplementary submissions by counsel
"The Working Group of the Whole shall endeavour to adopt all texts by general agreement.
An address given by Professor King Yeo Chi Ambrose
Article 3: The Development and Advancement of Women . 35
The flakes of snow covered her long fair hair, which fell in beautiful curlsaround her neck; but of that, of course, she never once now thought.
The unit that organizes the acceptance testing shall ask the MPUA to participate.
Income
904. In 1999, 181,184 seniors received benefits.
In addition, UNAMID, in collaboration with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), maintained dialogue with the armed forces and armed groups to secure commitment to action plans to end the recruitment and use of child soldiers and other grave violations against children.
A. Introduction and relevant provisions of the Agreement
57. Her delegation considered that part 4, relating to investigation and prosecution, had been improved and provided a firm basis for the functioning of future international criminal proceedings, although some details remained to be fine-tuned.
(b) Operational support;
2004-2005: 70 per cent
As the implementation of the Global Programme of Action to Protect the Marine Environment from Land-Based Sources has fallen short of expectations, national or regional action plans should play a leading role in redressing this issue.
(a) To enlighten the general Nigerian public on the rights of her citizens in all spheres of human endeavour, including but not restricted to politics, the rule of law, educational attainment, commercial engagement and creative dispositions;
Budget provisions had already been proposed for the biennium 2006-2007 in order to continue the programme.
6 month gavage study, 5 single daily doses per week
In addition, in paragraph 86 of the same report it is stated that the implementation of the restructuring of the Investigations Division will be approached with care and full consideration of the impact that the team/unit concept and the relocation of investigators from peacekeeping missions will have on staff.
Central African Republic
KB Bo Zhang, Qingsheng Cai, Jianfeng Mao, Eric Chang and Baining Guo. Spoken Dialogue Management as Planning and Acting under Uncertainty. Eurospeech.
International status
Would you like to join our party on Friday Would you like to come to our party on Friday night
Item 15 of the draft provisional agenda
Knights of the Round Table
The first action to take is to make a copy of this collaboration template so that the original collaboration template is retained intact.
Articles of the Covenant: 2, paragraphs 3 (a) and (b); 17; 18, paragraphs 3 and 4; 19; 20 and 26
25. A substantial portion (95 per cent) of the resources sought in the present report relates to thematic cluster III, including the resources sought for UNAMA and UNAMI.
This level covers those aged 15 or over who have not been able to follow or complete studies at primary school for children.
8. Also requests the Office of High Commissioner to convene, in cooperation with relevant United Nations agencies, in particular the World Health Organization, the United Nations Children's Fund and the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, special procedures mandate holders and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Violence against Children, an expert workshop to discuss the draft of the technical guidance referred to in paragraph 7 above, with the participation of Governments and open to regional organizations, relevant United Nations bodies and civil society organizations, to assist in the preparation of the technical guidance;
United Nations Development Programme, New York
There were limits to the changes that could be made under some national legal regimes. For example a contrary Supreme Court decision in a given case could not be overturned, thus rendering restitution impossible.
This document carries the royal seal.
Ambassador Mitsuro Donowaki will make a keynote statement at that symposium.
It is these fundamental aspects of human nature that can help forward not only development, but also peace.
33. Accountability and delegation of authority were mutually reinforcing and should progress in parallel.
Almaximum eVery abundance culture have rituals to signal a alter in one's life.
(a) Comprehensive research activities for a better understanding of natural hazards and how their effects may be better addressed;
According to the World Water Development Report, achieving the Millennium Development Goal on drinking water supply coverage will represent a major expenditure in all countries, requiring between $10 billion and $30 billion a year on top of the amount already being spent.
What causes the air temperature to rise in the daytime?
self massage might seem like hard work at first, I can guarantee youll soon notice a difference.
Instead, it has developed a nuclear weapons program that threatens stability in the region and places a heavy burden on its economy.
Campaign membership is supported by ISS USA through a dedicated website www.childrightscampaign.org.
(j) To submit a report on the implementation of his/her mandate to the Council in accordance with its annual programme of work;
The horse is running away. Can't you bring him up?
 Political parties have now been registered and full political activities have resumed nation-wide.
It is essential that the Committee continue to be given the strongest support possible in order for it to carry on its mandated responsibility.
As the International Committee of the Red Cross had noted with great disappointment, the Tripartite Commission responsible for the question of military and civilian prisoners of war reported missing had not achieved any concrete results in the meeting it had held in Geneva on 16 and 17 October 1996.
They are typically very astute at risk management, unlike many of the banks that dramatically increased their leverage – and thus their risks – during the last 20 years.
In particular, they explained that the first complainant had not informed his spouse of the questioning at the police station for "cultural reasons" and because he intended to spare her from further sorrow.
3.1 The author alleges a violation of article 17 of the Covenant, because he was convicted on account of evidence obtained illegally.
In the mid-1990s, an illegal blood-selling practice caused the spread of HIV in Henan province, where tainted blood infected thousands of people.
Your hair is like royal tapestry; the king is held captive by its tresses
13. Despite a general widespread trend towards the adoption, reformulation or better implementation of competition laws and policies in developing countries and economies in transition, many of these countries still do not have up-to-date competition legislation and policies, or do not apply them with full effectiveness.
 Unwarranted interference in the internal political dynamics of Somalia has proved counter-productive and must be ruled out.
The Working Group is composed of Najat Al-Hajjaji (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya), Amada Benavides (Colombia), José Luis Gómez del Prado (Spain), Alexander Nikitin (Russian Federation) and Shaista Shameem (Fiji).
Mount LeResche
At its 154th session, the Board had been informed of the decisions of the Board and of UNIDO’s General Conference in that respect.
Trade liberalization has forced companies to be more competitive, leading many to become increasingly dependent on low-cost and flexible labour arrangements.
According to this work programme, the intersessional working group, whose mandate was extended until the seventh Conference of the Parties to the Basel Convention (COP 7), would analyse topics such as the role of States, the duty to re-import and notification procedures, with a view to facilitating the formulation of recommendations by OEWG for COP 7.
FAO
You have kids, nick?
The Australian delegation, for its part, had submitted a draft paragraph for inclusion in the draft resolution on the pattern of conferences, which would bring Headquarters practice into line with local regulations.
You might be able to deny access to users or IP addresses known to be malicious.
The Great Wall has great gateways which connect the main roads of north China.
A. Refugees and returnees
Rapporteur: Mr. Boonam Shin (Republic of Korea)
Members of the Authority, other States, relevant international organizations, academic, scientific and technical institutions, philanthropic organizations and private persons may make contributions to the Fund.
Let United Nations documents come to you: eSubscription
During the early 2000s, the heyday of EU enlargement, Europe had this pull.
Since the adoption of decision 2008/37, OAI received six different disclosure requests, five from the Government of the United States of America, and one from the Government of Cuba.
can cause it to shatter.
2. Requests all countries, organizations and United Nations agencies with deep-sea fishing experience to assist the Territory in improving its capacity in exploiting deep-sea fishing.
(ii) Increased percentage of consumers of UN-Habitat partner service provider organizations reporting satisfaction with the service provided
:: Conduct of investigations of 981 incidents and 213 accidents involving Mission personnel and property
The group of core senators pushing for financial reform is already strong, including Sherrod Brown, Jeff Merkley, Carl Levin, and Jack Reed.
Use innovative, appropriate, cost-effective approaches and products to deliver these messages (web, e-tools, media, partnerships, networks, new media, social networking etc.).
Annual leave: It is assumed that all staff are eligible for these benefits and will receive them upon separation from service.
I don't know how we missed that.
The draft cleared the council.
The Committee encourages the State party to ensure that the State pension reform of the Pension Act 2008, which introduces a new private saving scheme to come into effect in 2012, provides sufficient flexibility to enable especially the most disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups to benefit from both schemes and to increase their pension entitlements.
Saint-Sulpice-le-Dunois
(c) Inflationary requirements which exceed the estimated amounts would have to be absorbed within the approved project budget
Interaction with participating organizations and legislative bodies
Statement XXX (concluded)
Successful criminal justice management depended on proper human resource development and improved skills of criminal justice personnel, areas in which technical assistance programmes should play a larger role.
However, the right can be denied by the cumbersome rule that the court trying the case must first determine whether there is sufficient legal basis for the claim that the law is unconstitutional.
The competent authorities, however, are moving towards the appointment of women to the police force, although this is still being looked into.
After about an hour or so, he had calmed down, and started to think he may have been a little hard on his son.
B. Programme
twenty-first century"*
172. The Office is headed by the Human Rights Advocate, who performs his or her duties throughout all of the national territory, either personally or through his or her deputies.
With regard to article 40, paragraph 2 (b) (v), the Belgian Government considers that the expression “according to law” at the end of that provision means that:
Older people, who were prudent and held their money in government bonds, will see lower returns – further curtailing their consumption.
But after all. please keep it as a secret. will you?
"What I see as the main challenge today is protecting the Sri Maha Bodi (or sacred fig tree) from macaques and monkeys, " the monk said.
Clone has the same kind of success many times, but the mutant clone is the first time.
34. Notwithstanding the initiatives taken by UNITAR to solve the issue of unfunded liabilities, full implementation of the Board's recommendation would require coordinated action from the United Nations Administration.
Such cooperation, essential for the treaty's proper implementation, would have to cover in a thorough and non-discriminatory manner a wide range of provisions, from technical assistance to administrative cooperation and mutual legal assistance.
But water flows also have to be involved to make the production of ecological goods possible.
Report on the status of contributions to the Convention's trust funds for the biennium 2006 - 2007
A dynamic balance test should be carried out to the rotor of the generator.
FANCI and the Forces nouvelles agreed on specific cantonment sites for their respective troops.
Jajachaca
That afternoon, I went to a local sporting goods store and bought an assortment of wrestling headgear and shoes and sent the anonymously to the inner-city church.
Women who escape honour killings are often in a terrible situation, living in constant fear of their lives.
The database is a first step towards facilitating better access to livelihood opportunities for fishers, while enabling the international naval presence to establish and confirm their identities.
A proper balance between budgetary control and the implementation of activities will enable us to achieve the financial consolidation needed to fulfil the goals set out in the Charter.
I'll take care of everything
This kind of dual conceptions have important meanings to cultural morphology.
Using the method of instrument testing and identification in combination with geological analysis,the distribution,occurrence and geological controls of the gallium in the coal seam column profile from Lower Permian Liangshan formation,Kali,eastern Guizhou,were studied.
54/175 56/150 The right to development
(a) Near East: development of a policy framework and regional programme of action for women in agriculture in the Near East, in coordination with member States, donors and non-governmental organizations;
84. Operationally, the Office continues to extend support and guidance to human rights field presences in the context of humanitarian emergencies, particularly where they play a leading role in protection clusters, including in Haiti, Nepal, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and Kyrgyzstan.
1488
49. The mission noted the calls among Afghan political leaders and civil society representatives for dialogue with those elements in opposition to the Government who were ready to renounce violence and accept the Afghan Constitution.
Her cough did not leave her, and she had sweats on her back.
This will avoid the situation of not being able to assign the additional ad litem judges to another case should the currently anticipated cases be delayed because of unforeseen circumstances.
Proficient in the English language ( verbal & written ), second language is an asset.
Spain made recommendations.
The names of those organizations are included in the list of participants (UNEP/CHW/OEWG.8/INF/26).
The IPCC Special Report on Aviation and the Global Atmosphere, prepared at the request of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), and an informal paper entitled “Methods used to collect data and to estimate and report emissions from international bunker fuels” were also made available to Parties by the secretariat.
' she repeated.
1. Appropriates an amount of 140,400 United States dollars for the budget expenses of the Preparatory Commission during the period from 20 November to 31 December 1996, as indicated in annex I;
Armenia
Not to do so would risk allowing the majority of Arab young people to be left behind.
Thermometers: It is most common to find digital strip which is used especially for children.
Instead of cutting gelatin into squares, use cookie cutters to cut gelatin into assorted shapes.
(c) Support in the preparation of an interregional action programme (IRAP) for country Parties in Central Asia and Central and Eastern Europe.
Oh, I remember this picture
Las Charcas
Sixty-sixth session
Store the product away from heat and humidity in aerated premises, avoid temperatures above 35° C.
Proper Turtle trading strategy would dictate one unit of Apple.
This new car away faster than any of our former models.
C. Advice for Indigenous Peoples
58. The management of the Archives of the International Criminal Tribunals will be a continuous function of the Mechanism throughout its mandate.
To save time is to lengthen life.
Evoked potentials are widely used in clinical neurophysiology.
Implementation of the Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacitybuilding
China will, as always, continue its efforts to maintain world and regional peace and stability, safeguard and strengthen international non-proliferation mechanism, and enhance political and diplomatic efforts for the solution of Iran's nuclear issue.
This has brought the total food requirement to 464,385 tons.
Currently, nationals of Central African Republic may visit Hong Kong visa-free for a stay up to 14 days.
The international community knows Panama's long history of respect for human rights.
Accordingly, it should not be inferred that the courts would have denied Mr. Gschwind's claim solely on the ground of citizenship and that they may have thereby committed any discrimination.
For the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of God.
The decision taken by the Vice-President and Prime Minister of the State to prohibit the imprisonment of journalists who may commit an error in the course of their work was very well received among all the circles involved in human rights work and among the members of the profession.
 1. The Government of Norway is gravely concerned by the increasing use of anti-personnel land-mines in conflict areas.
It would seem to be clear, however, that the situation of individuals can be used by an organization to substantiate its complaint.
He that spares the bad injures the good.
For smaller countries, such facilities make the possibility of national independence at a reasonable cost a more achievable goal.
165. Also at the same meeting, at the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on draft resolution A/HRC/12/L.6/Rev.1.
Yet its internality and tendency of spiritualization endow the principal poetics with a modern connotation.
One delegation sympathized with the IAPH remarks and said that it would submit a written proposal in relation to Article 2 (5).
Next week is the one hundredth anniversary of the Paris Air Show, the biggest in the world.
Evaluate the technical feasibility, reasonableness and cost-effectiveness of the remediation measures proposed by the Claimants; and
He stated that Egypt had always affirmed the need to combat terrorism, warning of the links between terrorism and organized crime, and had made efforts to include in the Vienna Declaration practical steps to promote international cooperation and technical assistance.
In the light of this review, the requisite resources should be provided to the MULPOCs for the efficient fulfilment of their mandate relating to subregional economic cooperation and integration in Africa;
35. The Oliy Majlis is the legislative organ of the State. Its function is to adopt laws and regulations carrying the highest legal force.
Mine detection and mine clearing equipment
Some countries mention the use of traditional knowledge in the rehabilitation of lands.
The new study, published in the American Heart Journal, found that younger women may be less likely than men to heed this advice.
479. The Committee recommends that the necessary measures should be taken to guarantee implementation of the provisions of article 11 of the Convention and application of the International Labour Organization Conventions, in particular those on non-discrimination in employment and equal remuneration for women and men.
Instagram Pier
It is now recognized that poverty and land degradation are inextricably linked in a vicious downward spiral in which poverty leads to short-term and often unsustainable resource management strategies with the effect of maintaining or aggravating poverty conditions.
 34. Jos Santos V\x{5af3}quez, a member of FMLN at Acajutla, was executed on 14 September 1993 by five armed individuals wearing uniforms who had been waiting for him in the vicinity of his home.
These internationals instruments contain an apart chapter which regulates accordance of juridical assistance in trial matters (namely: investigation (interrogation) of parts, indictments and accused, witnesses and experts; the effectuation of examinations; judiciary investigation; searches; sequestration; transmitting and releasing of material evidences; starting/taking over of criminal pursuit, seeking for persons and their extradition for crimes committed; recognizing and executing of judicial sentences, on lawsuit action; handing and dispatching of documents; presentation of information about criminal records of accused persons; elaborating and transmitting of acts, transferring of condemned persons to criminal responsibility or punishment execution, etc.)
(m) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Joint Inspection Unit on results-based management in the United Nations in the context of the reform process (A/61/805) and the note by the Secretary-General transmitting his comments thereon (A/62/704);
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007*
The consumer will adapt these trays to his own teeth with an included resilient lining material.
19. Mrs. RODRIGUEZ (Cuba) said that the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote had been made possible thanks to the flexibility and spirit of cooperation which all delegations had displayed.
Rein said he expects strong travel demand from Chinese consumers between the ages of 26 and 32 years old, who in research his company has done say they plan to travel domestically at least once in the next six months and make one international trip in the next year.
Mr. Stephen NG Kam-chun, MH
It's set on automatic. Commandant would you care to change places with the copilot?
266. While noting the efforts undertaken to end female genital mutilation, the Committee remains deeply concerned that it continues to be practised widely.
The new criminal legislation does not contain article 134 of the old Criminal Code of the RSFSR on "Obstructing the exercise of the equal rights of women" (described in detail in the preceding report); instead, there is a new article 141 based on the gender approach: "Obstructing the exercise of voting rights or the work of electoral commissions", which applies equally to women's and men's rights.
One such example was the information on the situation in the prisons.
A basic economic system of public owned economy as a main body and common development should be carried out in the early socialist period.
When there are scanty core data and more well log data, multivariate statistical analysis is a very effective method to recognize the lithology of strata.
The ship waited in the harbour until the storm abated.
Don't be such a stick in the mud. Just watch it with me.
The basketball games brings me a wonderful time in my life.
Another group received cognitive behavioral therapy, sometimes called the talking treatment.
According to article 217 of the Federal Criminal Code (Act No. 3 of 1987), forgery of an official document carries a penalty of up to 10 years in prison.
Although I abided by the kidnapper's monetary demands, they refuse to release her
Regional cooperation
I am in Model essay  cabinetThisThe  website puts in advertisement.
Corporate governance is the basis of the modern enterprise system.
"16. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its forty-ninth session the item entitled 'Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region'."
Post level
(c) Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol;
Everything I saw the goldfish was dead bird, a fish, ate a piece of food but no death.
This should allow Member States in the various organizations to monitor progress and to observe greater consistency in subsequent decision-making.
This page was last modified 08:18, 23 Nov 2007.
Indeed, Bahraini women hold many positions in the press, with 12.6 per cent of the total workforce employed by Bahraini daily and weekly newspapers consisting of women.
Goals are a means to an end , not the ultimate purpose of our lives.
2. The maximum number of participants will be 51, at least 35 of whom will be representatives of Member States.
These Guidelines will assist staff and partners when called upon to make a "best interests" decision for a child and will ensure a thorough assessment and a consistent approach at field level.
There is a grocery store over the road maybe you can find the juice there.
Estimated 2006-2007: 40 countries
To him, it wasn't just science fiction, So it will be 5000 kronur to go up there.
262. The shape of agricultural and economic policy in Poland is influenced by agricultural organization, mainly trade unions of individual farmers, social and professional organizations of farmers and agricultural local government (agricultural chambers) that represent the professional and economic interests of their members.
Sixty-eighth session
The General Assembly, in paragraph 10 of resolution 2205 (XXI), decided that the Commission should submit an annual report to the General Assembly, and that the report should be submitted simultaneously to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development for comments.
Nevertheless, this has merely brought the developing countries' share back to the meager 4 per cent of the world market which they held in the mid 1980s.
144. Clarification was sought as to the ways in which the proposed document for the period 2014-2015 reflected the challenges and lessons learned under the programme, as noted in the programme performance report of the United Nations for the biennium 2010-2011 (A/67/77).
A technique of electrochemical hydrogen charging is adopted to study the behavior of hydrogen-induced cracking of 2.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/69/L.49/Rev.1
To be held on Friday, 16 September 2011, at 3.30 p.m.
In States in which historical, political and geographical factors have created highly diverse communities, disputes over territories and borders and tensions between different national, ethnic, religious and linguistic groups may exist.
 37. The financial performance report for UNAMIR for Rwanda for the period from 5 October 1993 to 4 April 1994 (annex III) and supplementary information thereon (annex IV) will be issued in an addendum to the present report.
Adopts the following: Views under article 5, paragraph 4, of the Optional Protocol
2.22 On 18 March 2008, while hospitalized in Klaipeda Hospital and contrary to the medical doctor's prohibition to conduct investigative actions with him, the author received notification that he was a suspect and was also questioned in hospital.
His argument does not rest on reasoning or on experiment, but on authority.
Table of operational status of thematic programme networks (TPNs) Region
The Maldives believes that the Human Rights Council and the Third Committee are the appropriate deliberative bodies for promoting such processes.
In infancy, no gift is more precious than breastfeeding; yet barely one in three infants is exclusively breastfed during the first six months of life.
Twenty-seventh session
 Agreement was reached on a human rights assistance programme that will be part of a comprehensive integrated approach to be carried out in close cooperation with all United Nations agencies and programmes present in Burundi.
Tuesday, 11 November a.m.
9. Summaries of the deliberations of the interactive dialogues will be presented orally by the chairs of the interactive dialogues or their representatives during the concluding plenary meeting of the United Nations summit.
10. The principle of non-discrimination is the corollary of the principle of equality.
Shrink of cytoplasm at stage of central nucleus microspore.21.
What musical instrument do you play?
Transmitted to the State party on 5 May 2011 (not issued in document form)
The Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Through cooperation with international organizations, local authorities have designed education projects for girls, especially courses for girls in junior secondary schools such as farming, animal husbandry, embroidery and computer applications. Such practical skills are intended to help girls develop their abilities to be self-sufficient and to earn a livelihood.
Proper Computers Protection (2)
Dear Mr./ Ms, Thank you for your letter of yesterday inviting me to come for an interview on Friday afternoon, 5th July, at 2:30. I shall be happy to be there as requested and will bring my diploma and other papers with me.
It is a matter of deep concern that, with the elections just weeks away, a funding gap of some $31 million remains.
The project is facilitated by the Kenya Community Paralegal Association and LSK West Kenya Branch and handles cases in which the interests of the poor are affected.
(a) Sending up to three visiting missions to Territories, in consultation with the administering Powers;
Where is the free space use? Under the guidance MJJ! Give a link! Thank you!
In another incident, a man trying to help a boy to his feet was stabbed by a member of the red berets.
The corresponding rates of growth in 1996 and 1995 were 5.1 per cent and 6.2 per cent, respectively.
Respondents to the questionnaire noted that Governments prioritize quarterly GDP measures over annual GDP measures and highlighted higher government demand for satellite accounts for sectors, such as natural resources or tourism, that were of particular significance in their economies ahead of implementing "core" SNA components.
We believe that the suggestions and ideas of Member States, as articulated in this debate, will continue to be reflected in future reports of the Secretary-General.
Happy people tend to believe they're more in control of their lives.
18 The BVI Beacon, 16 February 2006.
2. Notes with interest the increasing number of States, nongovernmental organizations and other observers actively participating in the sessional working group;
'Hush, sir!
1. Non-governmental organizations may designate representatives to attend public meetings of the Conference and its Main Committees and to make available written contributions on matters on which they have a special competence, at their own cost.
6. Adoption of the report of the Group of Experts on its second session
A close reading of the reports of the United Nations Secretary-General, as well as the monthly briefing he has presented to the Security Council and the statements made by States members and nonmembers of the Council in the longest and oldest dispute inscribed on the agenda of the United Nations -- namely, the Arab-Israeli conflict -- make it abundantly clear that this conflict strongly impacts international peace and security, the Palestinian question in particular.
Language is another important factor: the frequency of injuries decreases as the level of proficiency in the local language increases.
" "How should I know.
Target 2012-2013: 76
Paek Son-haeng
Wait a moment while I tie up my shoes.
39. Recommended compensation for STS 71
Only one prison in the country benefits from funds budgeted for feeding detainees, and those funds amount to less than $0.01 per inmate per day.
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.
Thus, at the formal level, the equality of the sexes is well regulated in all fields of life.
Translations into French were an important factor for communications with francophone Africa.
A fourth organizational result area was added to capture organizational support functions: strategic guidance, organizational oversight and accountability.
The breakdown of this total revenue is $437.5 million in voluntary contributions to regular resources and $525.7 million to co-financing resources.
Id lost everything except my four teenage children.
The representative of ILO, suggesting that the tripartite nature of his organization gave a voice to workers, said that the organization had developed training and awareness-raising materials for workers handling mercury and could provide that material to the committee, should that be considered useful.
10. By its resolution 1753 (2007), the Council, concluding that sufficient progress had been made in meeting the conditions set out for terminating the measures on diamonds, decided to terminate those measures, almost two months ahead of their date of expiration as set by resolution 1689 (2006).
VI. Other United Nations assistance initiatives: supporting the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Accordingly, by 30 June 2004, all military and civilian police personnel will be repatriated to their home countries and all international substantive and most administrative staff will be returned to their parent organizations, reassigned to other peacekeeping missions or repatriated to their home countries.
121. Regarding the question whether paragraph 9.5 should be formulated as a mandatory rule or not, a widely shared view was that the rule should be made subject to party autonomy.
Arpajon-sur-Cère
In season, there are charter flights from several North American cities, including Boston, Chicago, Detroit, New York, Philadelphia and Toronto.
5. Authorizes the activities related to all phases of the construction of the facility;
Note by the Secretary-General
Draft resolution VII was adopted (resolution 61/96).
Instead, the government would express its support for the deal and work to structure any potential future investment in Morgan Stanley in a way that wouldn't wipe out MUFG's investment.
117. Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations.
He restarted the creation of oil paintings including the works depicting the scenery of water villages in Jiangnan.
Fatima said, I will not open the door of that little room.
The main victims of those measures are the people of the countries against which they are applied, especially the most vulnerable groups -- children, women, older persons and persons with disabilities.
(h) Preparing versions of conventions related to the sustainable use of marine and coastal areas that are easily intelligible to laymen; such material should show (i) linkages between the different agreements and (ii) benefits to and responsibilities of small island developing States.
Gull flies over the sea.
(b) Lack of oversight of systemic risks;
A OK, we've ordered some meat dishes, some soup and some fish.
(b) Draft provisional agenda for the fiftythird session of the SubCommission 322 323 58
11. The United Nations country team in Ecuador continued its good example of coordination through its inter-agency working group on interculturalism.
(ii) Addressing anti-competitive practices within commodity supply/value chains, in particular, by providing support for:
The Chinese delegation notes with regret that in today's world, there are still over 700 million adults who lack the basic skills to read, 2/3 of whom are women.
or, similarly, that is to say, in other words, namely, or other, Obesity, which is a medical disorder that affects approximately 20-30% of the population of the United States of America.
All 191 States Members of the United Nations have now submitted a first round report on the measures they have instituted, while more than 50 have submitted a second, and some even a third, report.
Contractors 600 seeks compensation in the amount of USD 2,225,354 (GBP 1,170,536) for contract losses.
A. Military and police personnel
The Group raised the subject and the modalities of the transfer of property rights.
If today was your last workday, would you care more about returning an unreturned phone call or email?
 In many ways, the World Conference on Human Rights symbolized the end of one era and the beginning of a new one with regard to the promotion and consolidation of a strong human-rights culture world-wide.
In practice, both Commissions made findings as to real property rights for the purpose of restitution rather than awarding compensation, in line with the political will of privileging the return of the persons who had been displaced as a result of ethnic discrimination and hostilities to their places of origin over other durable solutions.
Earlshore had the grace to blush.
They are an example to those they live with me, is a wonderful alive.
The accelerated globalization process has brought enormous benefits to many hundreds of millions of people, not least in the emerging economies.
“(b) Welcomes the initiative of the Director-General to identify innovative modalities for the mobilization of extrabudgetary resources;
E/CN.4/Sub.2/2001/L.41
D. Certification and accreditation issues 34-40
Teachers, except for primary teachers, would no longer be entitled to a special pension (25 years of service for women and 30 years for men) and must already have paid a minimum number of contributions to apply for a pension.
Women in blue-collar positions
Please also indicate measures taken to address customary marriages of girls as young as 14 years of age deemed to be valid under customary law when girls are considered to have the physical maturity to enter into a customary marriage.
The community is also essential for the full realization of the person because it teaches respect for the other.
(a) (i) Increased number of member States responding to surveys that rate the Commission's forecasting models, planning tools and knowledge products as "useful" or "very useful" in the design and implementation of macroeconomic policies and plans for inclusive growth and structural transformation
18. Ms. Kaljurand (Estonia) said that, at every level and in all areas covered by the Convention, the situation of women, while not ideal, had improved in Estonia since its last periodic report and that the trend was expected to continue.
12. On 12 November 1998, at the invitation of President Lansana Conte of Guinea, President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah of Sierra Leone and President Charles Taylor of Liberia participated in an extraordinary summit meeting of the Mano River Union in Conakry.
How many of those thingsare out there?
"You shall make two rings of gold and put them on the bottom of the two shoulder pieces of the ephod, on the front of it close to the place where it is joined, above the skillfully woven band of the ephod
2. Encourages the CST to develop collaborative regional training activities on land degradation in order to improve capacities for monitoring and assessing the implementation of the strategic plan and framework to enhance the implementation of the Convention (2008 - 2018). Decision 20/COP.9 The United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification
The ship edged away from the shore.
The Profit Source of Enterprises in the Era of Networking: Efficient Logistics & Analysis of the Profit Mechanism of Modem Logistics Management
The Philippines continued to make progress in women's participation in public life including advancing towards the 30 per cent target of women in elective positions.
If a sequence is not convergent, it is divergent.
Today, 60 years after its inception, the world has changed dramatically, and this world body must modernize and reform itself accordingly if it is to deal effectively with the problems and challenges of the twenty-first century.
2. Weapons destruction and stockpile management
The pup had climbed onto my lap and settled in.
Symptoms tongues pulses and barium gastric emptying of the patients were observed.
During the period 2008-2012, 21 of the 24 organizations within the United Nations system successfully migrated to IPSAS.
182. According to a review of field reports, there was only slight improvement in focus area 1 in gender mainstreaming in 2008 compared to 2007.
1. Urges Parties that have not yet done so to transmit to the Secretariat their completed questionnaires on transmission of information for the year 2006 and for previous years, as soon as possible and if possible in electronic form, using the revised questionnaire adopted by the Conference of the Parties at its sixth meeting and bearing in mind that, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3 of article 13 of the Convention, Parties must transmit before the end of each calendar year a report on the previous calendar year;
States to consider acceding to the 2000 United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocols (against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air; and to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children).
10 a.m.
With a view to arousing the public's awareness over information security, ITSD has published a new leaflet entitled "Keep Your Computer Secure" providing tips on how to protect personal computers, computer systems and networks.
Compared with impacts into cohesive targets, more energy goes into heating the rocks inside the asteroid and less goes into ejecting debris .
Spain and the European Union have been following with interest these developments in the context of the Cairo process and of the European Union's political dialogue with Africa since the G-8 Group of Donors Meeting for the G-8 Summit and the Kananaskis Summit itself.
The experimental results indicate that it has a good cleaning effect and action of making passivation film.
Both Canada and New ZealandNew Zealand reported steps to implement carbon trading schemes that recognize the value of carbon stored in eligible sinks, and both these Parties also reported specific forest management and afforestation projects.
Paragraph 11.26 (a)
Remove cigarette vending machines.
Excombatants must be demobilized, disarmed and reintegrated as quickly as possible, with due regard for the particular needs of women and children.
I think 1 or 2 of you might have met him already.
concede v.The man who caused the accident finally conceded to the police that he had done it
That progress gave hope for further positive development with respect to the seven draft articles referred to the Drafting Committee.
Specific objectives mentioned for the use of performance requirements included:
77. During the period under review, UNRWA capitalized and recorded in its assets register buildings worth $10.17 million and capital work in progress amounting to $4.82 million, which had been omitted from the financial statements for the biennium ended 31 December 2011.
He said, "I love her so much. She gives me everything I want.
Kenya had also enacted laws enabling men and women to buy and inherit land and property on an equal footing and was making every effort to promote voter education programmes for women with a view to increasing their participation in Parliament and local administration.
A Yes. The Olympic stadium is brand new.
Livestock products are more attractive among young Japanese than older Japanese.
I can't afford a new car 270
13-17 September New York Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA, third regular session
[Original: English]
Guardabosone
We know where to look to see what Johnny had for breakfast, how little Timmy slid into 3rd base, and what's happening with Lady Gaga.
ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
185. Australia indicated that it was party to a range of conventions that established global, regional and subregional management organizations for the management of highly migratory, straddling, pelagic and demersal fish stocks, including the 1995 Fish Stocks Agreement, the Convention for the Conservation of Southern Bluefin Tuna, the IOTC Agreement, the Convention on the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR Convention), the Convention on the Conservation and Management of Highly Migratory Fish Stocks in the Western and Central Pacific, the Arrangement between the Government of Australia and the Government of New Zealand for the Conservation and Management of Orange Roughy on the South Tasman Rise, and the Regional Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels under the Convention on Migratory Species.
Villages in Odessa Oblast
In order to ensure that information on decisions by the Board, and on the processes leading thereto, was well communicated, members of the Board, notably the Chair and Vice-Chair, and the secretariat convened and/or took part in a number of events at which results were presented and processes were explained.
The weather remained uncooperative for the next few weeks and there was absolutely nothing Darwin could do but return to Clarence Baths and wait.
You can do this whilst sitting at your desk or standing and looking out the window for a 5 minute body break
Those related to health, security, education and revenue collection.
Changes of the endogenous polyamines contents during chestnut floral sex differentiation and influence of exogenous polyamines in floral sex differentiation were studied in this report.
To hasten that process, the Kremlin has left no lever of destabilization unpulled: It has launched military incursions, manipulated Ukraine’s politics, used energy blackmail, and engaged in information warfare.
Rachele Mussolini
has seen its share of the North American market shrink while its labor costs have remained far above its biggest competitor, Toyota.
196. It was noted that, since the current assessment of the emerging savings was based on very limited data, still further years of experience would be necessary, including an analysis of the evolution of the actual utilization of the two-track pension adjustment option given the lower cap provision, before a more definitive estimate of the savings could be made.
The strategy 2011-2013 names a number of such partner organizations, both inside and outside the United Nations system, across all issue areas addressed by the Global Compact.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Mahmoud Jibreel, Chairman of the National Transitional Council Executive Office of Libya
3. No data are included on unmanned aerial vehicles.
16. Developmental States are those which recognize their obligation to ensure their people's well-being, quality of life and fulfilment of human rights within the carrying capacity of the planet and in harmony with sustainability of ecosystems.
(b) Objective information on military matters, including transparency of military expenditures.
30. Many States believed that the purpose of the Subcommittee's visits was to verify and document cases of torture.
Blue ribbon
 (n) Support South-South cooperation, which can take advantage of the experience of developing countries that have overcome similar difficulties;
7. Introducing the report of the Commission on Human Rights acting as the preparatory committee for the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance (A/55/307), he noted that, in its decision PC.1/9, the Preparatory Committee recommended the establishment by the General Assembly of an inter-sessional open-ended working group to meet in Geneva for five working days at the end of January 2001, and further recommended that the General Assembly should authorize it to extend its second session, in May 2001, by five additional working days.
The need for activities to protect the rights of persons belonging to specific minorities and communities, such as the Roma, Sinti and Traveller communities in Europe, has also been recognized.
I am someone! You want me to say it
That means "straightforward".
The rose sprouted buds.
You can either a walk in a horse on the grassland.
The results showed that the effects of different middle and trace element fertilizers on Brassica chinensis were different.
In footnote 5, insert
Night Work
His whistle faded out and he felt uneasy.
Programme budget
He was fascinated right off by the book.
UNMAS is also mounting a Level I Survey programme, which will measure the impact of mine contamination on specific communities in affected countries.
Although much has been done in the past period to improve the position of women in society and promote principles of gender equality, the international community still has an obligation to intensify efforts to prevent all forms of violence against women, and must try to include women in decision-making processes, ensuring empowerment of women at all levels.
POPIN provides a portal to the wealth of population information and data available throughout the United Nations system.
4. Second, the Commission has, since the hearings, been actively engaged in deliberations and in the drafting of the decision on delimitation.
As the Committee finds no further obstacles to admissibility, it declares the communication admissible.
In other words, economic development that does not damage the environment, or parts of it.
The definition of project boundaries;
The process is much too important to be dropped now.
23. It also supported the proposed organization of work of the Committee and in particular, the increased use of informal meetings to advance the Committee's agenda and implement a constructive programme of work on a case-by-case basis for the Non-Self-Governing Territories (resolution 61/130, para. 5) and resolutions referring to specific Non-Self-Governing Territories.
And I try to please her, but maybe it's sometimes too much, or at the wrong time or generally inappropriate.
It incorporates the training materials and information developed in the regional training workshops, and was prepared with a range of end-users in mind, including the general public, designated national authorities and stakeholders involved in the implementation of the Convention.
The materials submitted to the Mission, including by the expert witness Lt. Col. Lane, point to specific medical concerns with regard to survivors of DIME weapon injuries.
Explain why barium forms peroxide but beryllium does not.
Population (millions)
United Kingdom: 50 personnel and 20 armoured vehicles
It was in this spirit that the recent multilateral debt relief initiative by the Bretton Woods institutions was a welcome development.
8. Requests the Secretary-General to take appropriate steps for the implementation of this recommendation and submit a report thereon to the 32nd Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
They trusted that the recommendation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) on the desirability of close monitoring of the actuarial imbalance would be followed.
(a) Election of officers of the Committee on Science and Technology: amendment of the rules of procedure (including rule 22);
92. It was suggested and later decided that the inclusion of a text similar to article 42 would be considered under chapter VIII on other matters, and that the role of specialized agencies and other United Nations organs as referred to in article 45 of the Convention would be considered under chapter V on international cooperation and coordination; these two topics would be discussed at the next session of the working group.
Pursuant to this section, officials subordinate to the municipal authority are precluded from membership in the municipal council.
If you do not provide an email address , you will not be able to reset your password if you forget it .
Why，look you there！look，how it steals away！
2. It is war minus the shooting.
Moreover, the report of the Canberra Commission and any other proposals that might be made could also be taken into consideration when negotiating the phased programme for nuclear disarmament with the aim of implementing the provisions of the NPT and responding to the will of the international community.
Source: National Statistics and Census Institute (INEC) (www.inec.gov.ec) and the National Secretariat for Planning and Development (SENPLADES) (blogpnd.senplades.gob.ec).
You're dad and I love-- turn that off.
The author also claims that a number of his complaints never reached the intended addressee.
The Chief of Staff would also be responsible for liaison with Governments, other United Nations agencies and international and regional institutions dealing with human rights at the policy level, as well as for maintaining close contacts with the Executive Office of the Secretary-General and other Headquarters offices.
The Committee was informed that no suitable premises have been found for the human rights verification assignments of the Mission.
Conclusion Gatifloxacin ophthalmic gel is safe and effective for treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and contains certain clinical value.
The present report identifies, pursuant to article 41 of the Provisional Rules For Claims Procedure (S/AC.26/1992/10) (the “Rules”), corrections to approved claim awards in claims category “A”.
 Given its unique role and capacities, the United Nations can be the principal vehicle by which the international community selects and addresses problems requiring a universal response.
9.1 By submission of 8 January 2009, the State party stated that, on 24 April 2008, the Court of Appeal of Bucharest sentenced the author to 10 years of imprisonment for crimes committed on the territory of the State party, namely the crime of "constitution of and participation in terrorist groups, financing terrorist acts and complicity in terrorist activities."
A piece of confidential, advance, or inside information.
Edit key manually to delete this signature.
 13. Recommends that the Secretary-General:
It is impossible for you to pass the night thus.
They were interested in the evolution of language and the linguistic capabilities of great apes.
Article 13 The arbitration commission shall appoint fair and honest person as its arbitrators.
3.The celebration of our company's semicentennial will be held on December 4.A semiconductor is a substance used for making electronic equipment.
9. Encourages States to refer to the Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking developed by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights64 as a useful tool in integrating a human rights-based approach into their responses to provide a full range of effective remedies to trafficked persons and, in the case of trafficked children, to uphold, at a minimum, the general principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child;
The Workshop was attended by approximately 185 legislators, Government officials, practitioners and educators holding positions in Government departments and representatives of space agencies, international organizations, national universities, research institutions and the private sector, as well as university students.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
963. For the text as adopted and voting results, see part one, chapter I, resolution 19/18.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to thank state authorities for their availability and cooperation with her visit.
Commercial Information Circular No.176/2004
Outsiders and Chinese alike must emphasize the senseless cruelty that such measures imply and work to ensure that they are never seen again – in China or anywhere else.
As a result, the services offered and the activities undertaken have been continuously improved in order to make them much more focused and relevant to the needs of the beneficiaries.
Rural Infrastructure Development Fund* Phase I
V.90 Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was provided with information on the status of recruitment against the 14 posts that had been listed as vacant as at 30 April 2011.
The Movement launched the Cyber Peace Initiative in 2007 in cooperation with partners, including the International Telecommunication Union and the United Nations Global Alliance for Information and Communication Technologies and Development, to empower youth to use information and communication technologies to promote peace and development.
Thus, the Committee emphasized in its recommendation after the day of general discussion in 2008 that children affected by emergencies should be encouraged and enabled to participate in analysing their situation and future prospects.
This week we are to in a happy and meaningful holiday.
Fifth, now that I have the list of symmetrical factors, I append it to the original list.
Equality in the exercise of civil and political rights and non-discrimination on the basis of gender in access to political positions is also promoted.
Thank you, Mr Li.
1. Reaffirms the importance of the International Covenants on Human Rights as major parts of international efforts to promote universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms;
Told the students also told other people, your own life is also very important!
He became attached to literature in his early years.
Convention relating to the distribution of programme-carrying signals transmitted by satellite.
Sixty-seventh session
Investigation and suppression of illicit trafficking in dangerous drugs
As the basis for the regulatory action included human health concerns the regulatory action would be broadly applicable to other countries.
Emphasizing that human rights law and international humanitarian law are complementary and mutually reinforcing,
Saint-Paul-sur-Ubaye
In contrast, the outreach centres in Adigrat and Mekelle remain important sources of information for the local communities.
The developed countries have the responsibility for achieving the first seven of the Millennium Development Goals, while the developing countries must achieve the goal of creating a world partnership for development, based on genuine solidarity, leading to a genuine readiness to put in place mechanisms for fulfilling the commitments made in the three key components of trade, official development assistance and foreign debt.
19. Since its establishment and following the regional expert workshop, the Centre has been piloting regional programmes, some of which have also been adapted and implemented at the country level.
Wednesday, 4 February
The Working Group urges States to recognize these initiatives as complementary to, but not substitutes for, strong international and national regulatory frameworks.
In 2008-09, 348 posts including the posts for doctors, nurses, allied health professionals and other supporting staff will be created for these pilot programmes.
Mr. Valero Briceño (Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to acknowledge the work of the European Union in reaching agreement on resolution 65/276.
The additional posts include:
But it's not just a matter of choice - their bodies ate through a change of sleep patterns.
(b) With effect from 1 January 2002, the General Conference has approved (GC.9/Dec.17) BMS as a separate, self-balancing major programme in the programme and budgets for 2002-2003.
Our country has started a fight against corruption
Working arrangements to advance the work on the elements of the Bali Action Plan
All kinds of tungsten carbide scraps, used tools etc.
Eastman, Georgia
This has coincided with an increase by 26 per cent of staff against posts funded from extrabudgetary sources.
These new properties can be unforeseen.
(d) Preparation of a report on Afro-descendants and health in Brazil;
Acacia tree species increased significantly the content of total N and total C and the increment of topsoil of sandy land was significant.
April 1985 events
The Board agreed that it should be reviewed again at the time of the next comprehensive review of pensionable remuneration, in 2004, with a view to ensuring appropriate adherence to the income replacement methodology.
[16 April 2008]
It is only the outcome in death and destruction and hatred that is evil.
"(b) (iii) The next 25 years of his contributory service, by 2 per cent of his final average remuneration; and"
Staff regulation 1.10 was abolished with the adoption of a revised article I of the Regulations (see below).
Jason Campbell is not looking very good.
Efforts will also be made to give greater consideration to customary law in the settlement of disputes involving members of indigenous communities.
I'm through with you! It is over! It is over!
97. Delegations said the work of OIAI was essential to safeguard the quality of the delivery of resources and programmes by UNICEF, and expressed appreciation for the increased number of internal audits and investigations.
Myklebust, Olav (Norway)
Taking into account the need to establish close cooperation between the Regional Centre and the Peace and Security Council of the African Union, in particular its institutions in the field of peace, disarmament and security, as well as with relevant United Nations bodies and programmes in Africa for greater effectiveness,
Agenda item 85
Submissions from Parties and relevant organizations
Weapons not considered to be automatic are those whose trigger needs to be pulled each time they are fired, even if they are self-loading.
Have someone scribe the stories or videotape the event.
Afford to leave the back looking at you, I will not remain silent, but cried aloud. Dear, back to less than the former, but will not stop.
Mr. Stoyan Ganev
A. Changes in staffing requirements
Local
II. Pertinent records of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies
119. Pattern of conferences (resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001).
Acute phases of emergencies.
:: form a common transport-services market and a single transport system,
I believe these are the only paths that offer any real hope for an enduring peace.
It'shows that fiscal agricultural support has a negative effect to agriculture output.
Accordingly, I should be grateful if the General Assembly would explicitly authorize the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA to meet in accordance with its request, subject to the conditions referred to above.
Aspects of empowerment, such as participation, human dignity and freedom and the full utilization of human resources, are elaborated in numerous key United Nations policy instruments, including the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (see General Assembly resolution 34/180), the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (see General Assembly resolution 217 (III) A) and the Declaration on Social Progress and Development (see General Assembly resolution 2542 (XXIV)).
It was envisaged that in cases where the accompanying requisitioner’s representative, after physical inspection of samples, concluded that the goods offered by the lowest acceptable bidder did not conform to the specifications, the Chief Procurement Officer would arrange for the purchase from another company, as appropriate.
The old man has been soured by poverty.
The UNOTIL military training advisers will continue to provide both parties with the necessary support to finalize the agreement and establish a mechanism to facilitate the resolution of border incidents.
(8) In some cases of infringement of women's land rights, the Government is bringing the parties together, resolving conflicts, and providing intervention and protection.
The purpose is to facilitate the uniform interpretation of these legal texts by reference to international norms, which are consistent with the international character of the texts, as opposed to strictly domestic legal concepts and tradition.
At once. The longing to do so crept into my mind and took root there with all the force which the will displays when finally it reasserts itself in a body that has long remained inert.
Staff skills improvements and learning programmes are key to this process, as are competitive remuneration packages to minimize staff turnover.
Total delivery under IPSAS for 2012 was close to $960 million, although when compared to previous monitoring and performance under United Nations System Accounting Standards (UNSAS), delivery was in the range of $1.07 billion.
6.2 Regarding the State party's observations on the merits of the case, the author reiterates the facts regarding her attempts to initiate criminal proceedings in relation to her sister's death; underlines the fact that the original medical documentation had been lost; and maintains that, in 2007, the Prosecutor's Office and the courts did everything possible to "hide the crime in the actions of the doctors".
25. Telemedicine had come into being with the replacement of print media by electronic media and the use of satellites.
An important element in women's NPOs evolution is also the improvement of their organization.
38. In the same line, it was explained that reference to the paper-based notion of "original" was not necessary to avoid multiple claims in the context of electronic transferable records, since that goal could be achieved through the notion of "control".
The names of the States that have served as non-permanent members of the Security Council are listed in annex IV.
Country Programmes -- Lesotho 200369 (2013 - 2017)
The man who raped your daughter has confessed.
A report on the study is set out in document UNEP/POPS/COP.6/INF/4.
The Third Socio-Economic and Cultural Development Five-Year Plan 2000-2004, building on previous Plans, had set out a wide-ranging strategy and guidelines for this purpose.
Discovery often takes place through the exchange of computer disks.
When they moved to Australia , they sold all their possessions , lock, stock and barrel.
Pass right along the bus,please.
In Argentina, the steep decline in output that began in mid-2001 continued into the first quarter of 2002, but stopped and began to reverse itself in the second.
One experienced headhunter told me she had never been asked for a lawyer to fill a board vacancy.
War makes thieves, and peace hangs them.
So the matter was reported, and the count had him sent for.
China is in an invincible position as a major source of coal, having been the source of almost half the world's production of coal in 2011, followed by the United States of America at 12.9 per cent and India at about 7.5 per cent.
Mr. Skinner-Klée (Guatemala) (spoke in Spanish): We are gathered here today in remembrance of the victims of the Holocaust, innocent human beings who were the victims of ethnic and racial hatred and political and social intolerance.
:: Examining technologies (sect. III, para. 10)
Agency will not solve all the issues.
She got a black girl's ass.
Reports and testimonies further suggest that these groups were armed and paid by Indonesian army intelligence to unleash terror and violence in East Timor.
A focus on inclusiveness, if also demonstrated in targets that reflect the needs of marginalized individuals and groups, signals the potential for significant progress in advancing social integration and in strengthening the social contract.
[25 October 1994]
'Now if a person sins after he hears a public adjuration to testify when he is a witness, whether he has seen or otherwise known, if he does not tell it, then he will bear his guilt
If I had worked harder at school I would be sitting in a comfortable office nowI wouldnt be sweeping the streets
67. UNESCO has monitored the impact of the crisis on the education sector in its member States through an initial exploratory survey examining education budgets in 50 developing countries,5 a more detailed examination of economic growth, revenues and education budgets in 12 countries, and other studies to assess the magnitude and nature of the impact of the crisis on day-to-day school activities.
The need for differentiated education that respects and preserves cultural values, history and ethnic identity was noted.
(c) Welcome the emphasis on combating the spread of HIV/AIDS in the Asian and Pacific region and urge coordination with similar activities in the United Nations system;
Peru
Renwu Refuse Incineration Plant
Paul Newman was one of the most famous movie stars of the 1960s and his characteristic blue eyes were admired by women from all over the world.
58. I reiterate my appreciation to West African States and institutions for the role they played in addressing the crisis in Mali, in cooperation with the African Union, the European Union and France.
Secondly, the analysis of hotspring tour and holiday - spending zone development system has been conducted.
This represented 80 per cent of the $2.6 billion in expenditures incurred for NGO/NIM projects for fiscal year 2010.
(i) Strengthen research capability, build national capacity in biotechnology and undertake training programmes to provide a skilled workforce;
Annually, the senior representatives of those entities take part in a tripartite meeting to discuss, inter alia, oversight coordination.
She asked him to contribute a biweekly article on European affairs
As at 20 January, final judgements had been rendered in three cases which resulted in convictions against nine persons, four trials are ongoing and 13 cases are under investigation.
 Exports of Hong Kong and Singapore also increased, albeit from a small base.
In countries where the epidemic is generalized, there could be a direct effect of HIV/AIDS in business companies in terms of increased cost and reduced productivity.
The second component of the Emergency Economic Management Fund is the provision of emergency technical assistance to the Ministry of Economy and Finance to strengthen the economic management capacities of the Ministry and to improve transparency and accountability in the budgetary processes.
The central bank itself highlights risks, including bank loan growth, a large current account surplus and rising inflation pressure.
These extreme events can have very serious impacts on their transport infrastructure and services.
Inefficient and inexperienced fund management
These features of the Chinese legal system would ensure an effective and uniform implementation of the obligations after China's accession.
2.1 The author joined the Guardia Civil on 1 March 1981, when he was 19, and remained on active duty until 15 November 1990, when he went on "active reserve" status owing to the loss of psychological and physical fitness.
29. The Commission was of the view that consideration should be given to holding two sessions in 2013, subject to the availability of resources.
Mr Wolf admitted that this had been a blunder. Like other people, he said, he sometimes felt remorse.
The law restricts the power of the natural or court appointed guardian to deal with the immovable property of the minor.
Present situation,difficulty and foregrounds of southeast Asian economy cooperation
(b) Strengthened skills of national statistical officials to produce gender-disaggregated social statistics and indicators as well as data required to measure progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals and for monitoring the implementation of the outcomes of major global conferences
I sure got rid of that runt!
Agree beforehand how long your child is able to watch TV play video games or surf the internet.
In order for these marine pollution prevention conventions to be put into effect, they have to be incorporated into domestic legislation, together with the creation of mechanisms to deal with offences and stipulation of penalties.
He added that local government was a route into national Government in Ireland and pointed out that the election of female mayors in three major Irish cities reflected the increase in the number of women elected to local office.
Inter-State complaints (art. 41): No
How focused are you on working on your success?What are you willing to do to get the kind of success you want?
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
 In the current biennium, the Department was using substantial resources to shed light on the role of the United Nations in development and to that end had mobilized to prepare for the cycle of international conferences.
In the first part it introduces the social backgrounds of developing senior education in China and the main modes in our country and in the world.
The international community has allocated resources for the reconstruction of the war-torn country.
In his new asylum application dated 16 April 2009, the author submitted the Amnesty International report to demonstrate that during the second interview he was not fit to reveal that he had been maltreated by his superiors and that his mental and psychological problems were related to the inhuman treatment he had been subjected to in Armenia.
Faced with this stalemate in the Palestinian cause, the continued suffering of the Palestinian people under occupation and persistent violations of their human and national rights, we urge all Member States of the United Nations to listen to the voice of right.
My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm has been placed upon Dawlish
UNESCO Convention against Discrimination in Education
On the ground, international agencies have been instrumental in helping establish regional and local capacity to participate in the reconstruction effort (for example, in funding recurrent and local costs by employing local companies and staff to the extent possible).
We congratulated him on his being admitted to the party.
Sir Fred Goodwin, RBS’s chief executive, earlier this month unveiled lower-than-expected write-downs on private equity loans and assets hit by the meltdown in the US subprime mortgage market.
3. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the final performance of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor;
 Research efforts will lead to a set of recommendations to international institutions about how the restructuring process might be managed with a minimum of fragmentation and violence.
Media and advocacy
30. The Executive Council shall be the executive organ of the Agency. It shall be responsible to the Conference.
In response to this concern, the Sub-Commission's sessional working group on the administration of justice decided to request Ms. Leïla Zerrougui to prepare a working paper on discrimination in the administration of justice and in the criminal justice system for its next session.
Ambassador Ivan Barbalić (Bosnia and Herzegovina)
Note by the secretariat
6. The Secretary-General also wishes to draw the attention of the General Committee to paragraph 5 of the annex to resolution 58/316 pertaining to the functions of the General Committee.
The Secretary-General estimated that requirements for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999 would amount to $8,468,800 gross.
Objective : To study the growth factor like action of the Sika Deer splenocytes culture supernatant.
Mr Lai reminded members of the public to observe good personal hygiene. They should avoid contact with wild birds and live poultry and clean their hands thoroughly after any contact with them.
We were in fast currents, bouncing with the dolphins . . . up to 15 feet one minute, down to 60 feet the next
Fiscal cutbacks must not fall on activities likely to support growth infrastructure and research and development.
Guatemala City
The representative of Cuba introduced the draft resolution, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, as well as El Salvador, Ethiopia, Grenada, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mali, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
Report of the Executive Board of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
The State party failed to reply specifically to this point and merely states that the author had access to all the material in the case, without adducing any evidence.
This law is intended to improve the living conditions of this group.
Will there be beds for me and all who seekYea, beds for all who come.
9. Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the Advisory Committee's related report on the financial performance report of UNTAET and the proposed budget of UNMISET (A/56/945), said that the Advisory Committee agreed with the Secretary-General's proposals concerning the disposition of assets of UNTAET and transitional arrangements.
E. Education and professional development of teachers and other personnel
Meanwhile in the Democratic race Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are getting more aggressive with each other in the battle for the party's presidential nomination.
14 October 1998
A project backed by the Swiss Government to assist VCAD with competition and consumer protection areas is being implemented during 2008-2010.
But, beyond such theoretical objectives, lay the operation’s practical realities.
Do you know how to segment an orange?
His illness isterminal, ie cannot is cured.
Short description of the best practice
We have implemented a modest technical cooperation programme, which was launched several years ago.
Otherwise, how can we explain that Africa continues to have the largest number of people living below the poverty line, that its contribution to world trade has been stagnating over the last two decades at around the 2 per cent level, that the AIDS pandemic is ravaging Africa, where it takes 90 per cent of its victims annually?
Glucosan Factories, Iran
No matter when he arrives, we will wait for him.
Also the Government Case and the Karemera et al. Case are voluminous trials.
104.103 Strengthen efforts to improve access to housing, health services, education and employment for both the Roma and Egyptian communities (Australia);
Cunningtonia longiventralis
(e) Conduct training for law-enforcement officials, migration officials and border police on the causes, consequences and incidence of trafficking and other forms of exploitation, to enable them to identify and support children at risk of becoming victims of trafficking or commercial sexual exploitation.
Mr. Ojeda Bueno (Colombia) said that, in the evaluation of projects in Colombia, it had emerged that there had been a problem relating to the dissemination of lessons learned.
Our Bank has not only sought to support integration processes with financial resources, but also to actively cooperate through the provision to member States of information and analytical resources in these processes.
(b) Increased access for all stakeholders in society to statistical data in Asia and the Pacific that accord with internationally recognized statistical standards and reflect gender concerns, especially data required for measuring progress towards achieving internationally agreed development goals.
The ice was smooth and level and stainless, but you couldn't walk there.
15. Deliberations by the Trade and Development Board under this agenda item will focus on the linkages between income distribution, growth and development.
To support his conclusion, the author cites the discovery of molds for heads and hands on large Kalinese statues, believing that this proves that no sculpting tools or techniques were used in the creation of these realistic, life-size statues.
Bees gather honey from flowers.
There are prospects for fruitful cooperation with such states as India, Iran, Pakistan, Mongolia and Afghanistan, with whom the SCO maintains partnership relations.
OHRM plays a pre-eminent role in the current mobility policy.
A successful conclusion of the WTO negotiations on trade facilitation would ensure continued public scrutiny and attention to the implementation progress and the challenges of developing countries.
The route from England to India via the Suez Canal is often called the life line of the British Empire.
4.5 The State party points out that the author's claims were thoroughly examined in two courts, which considered the case explicitly in the light of article 27 of the Covenant.
The courses are offered on CD-ROM and/or over the Internet, thus allowing for guidance from experts in the field of international humanitarian law.
Syria was among the first countries to call for the establishment in the Middle East of zone free of all weapons of mass destruction, in particular nuclear weapons.
As an important source of revenue, Portugal agreed with the administrations of South Africa and Rhodesia to provide tens of thousands of migrant workers to neighbouring countries to satisfy their growing need for labour.
The council have told us to cut down the trees.
This class template basically does not require graphic design and skill.
C
36. Mr. Woolcott (Australia), Vice-President, took the Chair.
The Office of Human Resources Management needs to ensure that inconsistencies in the competencies and skills requirements for posts at the similar level are avoided in future vacancy announcements.
The Assembly notes that, these developments notwithstanding, apartheid remains and that as a result there is a continuing threat to the peace and security of the region.",
The updating of the remaining 1,120 files is in progress and is anticipated to be completed during the second quarter of 2008.
It takes the view that at least in countries where science and medicine are highly developed, and even for peoples and areas outside their borders if affected by their experiments, more attention should be given to the possible need and means to ensure the observance of this provision.
However, most of those resources are not readily available.
Objective To explore the diagnosis and treatment of the congenital first branchial cyst and fistula.
The National General Archive had allegedly planned to microfilm all the documentation, but that was never done.
Is it worth making an enemy?
CAP 168 POUNDS ORDINANCE
In Finley Ohio, hundreds remain in the shelters, streets are still impassable, but the water has started to recede.
131. In Luxemburg, girls have the same access as boys to the different levels of education.
Supporting civil society, including traditional and community organizations, in efforts to invest in building social capital and social networks, particularly for the poor and marginalized;
Thus, it helps to identify which classes are the most relevant and helpful for those of us looking to become rich entrepreneurs.
(c) Human resources development
38. With respect to regional integration, Burundi had become a member of various regional organizations, most notably the East African Community, to which it had acceded in 2007.
Mission factors
It is nevertheless concerned that the phrase "placing them outside the protection of the law" may be construed as an intentional element (animus) that would have to be present in order for the act to constitute criminal conduct, instead of being considered a consequence of such conduct.
The World Drug Report 2014 presented for the first time the joint UNODC/WHO/UNAIDS/World Bank global estimate of the number of people who inject drugs: 12.7 million people (range 8.9 to 22.4 million people), corresponding to a prevalence rate of 0.27 per cent of the population aged 15-64 (see table 4).
Dampen your sponge in the cleaning solution and wipe the inside of the refrigerator from the top down, starting with the ceiling.
Further, the RCUs would ensure that relevant information on activities under the UNCCD at the regional, subregional and national levels, such as outcomes of sessions of the COP and subsidiary bodies, is distributed to the concerned country Parties, including academics, institutions and networks, and reflected in their work through science and technology correspondents.
research by the National Sleep Foundation in Washington says that we all need eight hours sleep ever night
Children reported that they had been used primarily as porters and combatants.
On 19 March, letters were also dispatched to relevant international organizations, including relevant bodies and agencies of the United Nations, inviting them to submit contributions for the preparation of the report of the Secretary-General.
The SBI invited all presiding officers, in consultation with the Bureau, to give serious consideration to streamlining the work of the ad hoc working groups while ensuring that all bodies can complete their mandated tasks.
The study that began with Alpha soon expanded to include 30 aging female gorillas at 17 zoos around the country.
I suppose they do.
The meeting rose at 6.05 p.m.
The committee hoped to prevail on them to endorse the proposal.
He argues that in a plural society we must stress/attach importance to interpersonal relationships, cooperation, and look at issues from the perspective of other people.
One security arrangement (MINURCAT/Chad-EUFOR)
(g) Planning, programming, budgeting, monitoring and evaluation in the United Nations system: status of implementation of results-based management;
The experts group would report to the CST; the CST would be responsible for drafting explicit terms of reference for the experts group, which would subsequently be considered by the COP for adoption.
and round off the edges of the frame.
the principle of insisting on one chinais the basic and reason for accomplishing peace and unification
We would have expected that the Panel would consider in depth this serious threat to security and the peace process and suggest concrete measures to control the possible flow of arms.
(b) The need to allocate resources to enable all parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Montreal Protocol to maintain compliance with Articles 2A - 2E, 2G and 2I of the Protocol;
Without access to housing options, women will find it difficult to flee from abusive relationships and would be forced to live in substandard conditions or return to their barterers.
But for anthracite , prices remain basically stable, is expected to decline is unlikely.
Get the applicant's written authorization for reference checks , and carefully check references.
In  chapter  2, I review the research on business cycles in China.
The proposed new Judicial Affairs Officer (P-5) will provide advice to justice institutions on critical issues of justice reform, drafting justice policy documents intended for senior leadership, Afghan government officials and the judiciary, as well as technically reviewing draft legislation.
All United Nations system field offices should be electronically linked to enable each organization to obtain ready access to the databases and programmes of other organizations.
The standard rate used per report is $950.
684. In 1997, the Government of British Columbia reaffirmed its commitment to work toward solutions to the problem of sexual exploitation of youth by allocating $4.8 million for new youth services across the province.
The European Commission has set up a group of experts to examine a cross-section of ongoing European initiatives and to draw from the elements of know-how and good practice that could bring about a radical change in young people's interest in science studies.
8. Acknowledges the progress made towards the completion of the project, and expresses concern about the continuing uncertainties on major aspects of the project, including but not limited to the issues of associated costs, the cost overruns, the cash balance and the situation of the Library and the South Annex Buildings, which continue to pose risks to the successful completion of the project;
Carl, now you know charades
Monday, 3 October 2011
Each State Party shall consider adopting such legislative and other measures as may be necessary to establish as a criminal offence, when committed intentionally in the course of economic, financial or commercial activities, embezzlement by a person who directs or works, in any capacity, in a private sector entity of any property, private funds or securities or any other thing of value entrusted to him or her by virtue of his or her position.
Given that the private sector tended to fund male political candidates, she proposed that the Government should consider providing State funding for women candidates.
The lamp adopts detachable design for easy assembly , disassembly and cleaning .
The point was made that these recommendations and any follow-up, such as communications or recent country visits, should be included under the rubric of the development of human rights situations in the State under review.
Each project is intended to benefit multiple developing countries, to encourage cooperative efforts between United Nations entities, to be innovative while resulting in sustainable impact, and to be based mainly on the technical, human and other resources available in developing countries.
This will entail a detailed examination of the facilities and equipment that are already available, including the proposed facilities in Conference Room XX at the Palais des Nations as well as a determination of additional equipment and staffing needs.
This work in human rights, it was emphasized, needed to include cooperation with both national institutions and civil society in building capacity for child protection.
Summary, by region, of Party responses to sections X and XI of the reporting format: technical assistance and financial resources and mechanisms
The lesson from Turkey is not that the bombs of Incirlik – not to mention other nuclear weapons in unstable regions – are safe.
You are well aware of the humanitarian work in Darfur.
This applies to conventional weapons as well.
D. Other information
Developing processes that ensure the engagement of traditional knowledge and traditional knowledgeholders in a meaningful way.
Caderousse and his wife looked eagerly at each other.
Promoting the development and use of climate research and science for policymaking and informing the climate change negotiation process;
Your Nokia phone isn't built to withstand an accidental plunge in the toilet, but a little rain every now and again shouldn't fry it.
Landing in Hong Kong he rushes straight to a series of photo shoots, appearances and dubbing duties for Kung Fu Panda 2.
Market liberalization and the reduction of tariff and non-tariff barriers opens up new opportunities to worldwide producers.
11 There is another reason for our increased time stress levels, too: rising prosperity
This training was based on the training material received from the United Nations IPSAS team and further developed by UNIDO.
The Chairperson suggested that the word "such" in the chapeau of paragraph 2 should also be deleted.
Titillate the judges, girls and boys.
Economic growth and steady employment for local communities can be achieved by large infrastructure projects.
(c) DMFAS Portal - The redesigned portal offers a more modern, interactive interface, as well as new functionalities. It facilitates the timely publishing of new information, improves communications between the DMFAS Programme and its stakeholders, and offers new services via a secure area;
When questioned by the reactionary police, she came right back with a vehement protest against the false charge.
Letter dated 23 March 2011 from the Permanent Representative of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
(1) Regular budget
 (e) Given the importance of communication and information for social integration and the respect of diversity, promote an understanding and awareness to ensure that the present system of national and international television includes space for public television, which is neither government-controlled nor exclusively profit-oriented.
XI
Herzensteinia microcephalus
(f) Promoting gender equality and ensuring that UNHCR and its partners mainstream into all aspects of programme delivery full consideration of the rights of persons of concern, as well as the particular needs and capacities, ascertained through participatory assessments, of refugee women and children, elderly refugees, refugees with disabilities and other persons with specific needs;
658. At its 46th and 47th meetings (twenty-ninth session), held on 22 November 2002, the Committee considered, under agenda item 3, a draft general comment on the right to water.
Objective: To explore the clinic application of endoscopic microinvasive nasal packing for elder epistaxis.
He wanted to save us from our sin and from being separated from him for all eternity.
The two main authors of the failed attempt who had been sentenced to death were pardoned and released in 2005, but 28 other people, who played a secondary role in this event, remain in detention.
The Division also participated in the fourth regional workshop on preparation and presentation of reports to international human rights treaty bodies held in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, in May/June 2003, organized by OHCHR in cooperation with the Government of Honduras.
19 briefings to permanent missions and/or delegations of Member States on the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment
About 17 ministries or government departments conduct the affairs of the Government, and the minister who heads a department is responsible to Parliament for its activities.
He had an infection in the upper respiratory tract.
13. The Committee has always relied heavily upon results of epidemiological investigations in estimating the risks of radiation-induced cancer.
Armenia
An interdepartmental working group has been established under the coordination of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation to define Portugal’s participation in providing assistance during the transitional period under both scenarios — autonomy and independence.
Staff
He invited all Member States to vote in favour of the draft resolution.
Tel:(852) 2708 8995
My Government considers that the Security Council would gain credibility by ensuring strict respect on the part of the aggressor countries, Rwanda and Uganda, of all the relevant resolutions of the Council on the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and, if need be, by instituting against them the coercive measures provided for under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations.
Women alternates, 1997
Legal personality of the Authority
These are only illustrative of the partnerships that have been established.
which resulted in a 15 percent increase in cash assets Mr. cole?
By 2009, it is expected that China will have saved 200 terawatt-hours of electricity (equivalent to all of China's residential electricity consumption in 2002) and avoided emitting 250 megatons of CO2 due to recently implemented standards.
This would make the Marauder's Map seem even more incredible, of course, but is perhaps the reason for needing a map in the first place.
I told them to buzz off quickly.
Pennsylvania-class battleship
Later on the person was extradited after the relevant foreign special services had been notified about the above.
A. Relationship between paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 4
There is no or very little cooperation or joint operations between the agencies, in particular in the area of forward planning.
Recalling also the mandate of the Human Rights Council, as set forth by the General Assembly in its resolution 60/251 of 15 March 2006,
Gerardo Martino
The written responses provided by the applicant were taken into account by the Commission in its subsequent consideration of the application.
The annual "Good Riddance Day" is a chance to say good-bye to all the bad things that happened this year, like annoying boyfriends, bad financial decisions and heartbreaking sports teams.
The Hong Kong Football Association Ltd
After a moment's hesitation he rang Tu  Chu -  chai 's home number.
The Secretariat also provides specially equipped premises, hardware and software and qualified staff, at a substantial cost to the United Nations.
The scale of the disasters in Haiti and Pakistan stretched the capacity of the humanitarian community to its limits.
Technical cooperation activities during the reporting period that resulted in concrete and sustainable results were undertaken by the programme in Uganda, Gabon, Togo, Côte d'Ivoire and Zimbabwe to improve debt recording in those countries; in the Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo to support the relevant national debt offices in the production of debt data validation calendars; in Angola, the Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo to assist in the elaboration of national debt statistic bulletins; and in the Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo to improve debt analysis capacity.
Five are based in Wuhan and concentrate on creating new landscapes, basic infrastructure, houses and furniture, as well as offering round-the-clock customer assistance for real estate services.
The invention also discloses a real time information operation management system.
Global assets have increased from $12,000bn in 1980 to nearly $200,000bn in 2007, far outstripping the growth of gross domestic product or the expansion of trade.
21 he allowed no one to oppress them; he rebuked kings on their account.
Tuvalu
Moreover, families should be supported in their will to commemorate and restore the memory of their missing relatives within society or in their community of belonging.
The Committee was provided upon request with additional information on the malicious acts insurance policy (see annex III to the present report).
We condemn all of these illegal, provocative actions by Israel, the occupying Power, in our land.
It was agreed that the challenges in those areas would need to be tackled in order to support compliance with the reporting obligations under the Convention as well as to assist parties to collect necessary surveillance data on tobacco use for reporting purposes under the Convention.
Police reform to strengthen police independence from the military should continue.
`No, Nelly, I have not,' he answered.
Have a highly flexible and very thin structure enabling an optimal contact zone on tubular surfaces.
Tears welled in his eyes and he swallowed hard, his mouth unable to speak.
Article 30 A partner may not engage in any business in competition with the business of the partnership either on his own, or in cooperation with others.
From 2008, the reporting system has been changed to disclose implementation by year to be able to monitor progress over time.
The course provides training on women's human rights standards, and on national and international law; it has three gender modules, and is seen as progress in terms of implementing the aforementioned law.
Other members expressed support for the annex II listings.
His comprehensive report on the work of the Organization (A/65/1) indicates in no uncertain terms the progress the United Nations has made under his leadership and guidance, for which Malta is extremely grateful.
Ill air slays sooner than the sword
Four executive summaries had been finalized and another 12 were expected to be finalized by the time of the fourth session of the Conference.
Where fundamental accounting assumptions are followed in financial statements, disclosure of such assumptions is not required.
Identifying and studying these factors will provide some clues to the entry and exit points of the investments.
150. On 14 February 2002, the parties and the Pre-Trial Judge held a meeting pursuant to rule 65 ter (I) in which the Pre-Trial Judge informed the parties that the provisional date for the start of trial was 16 April 2002.
They are sealed well , lower - noised, and also resisting shaking.
The termination of the agreement with SOMIGL made it possible for RPA to frustrate the efforts of RCD-Goma to raise revenue for its own purposes.
It was in a way akin to that common habit of men and women troubled by real or fancied grievances, who periodically and volubly break their long-suffering silence and "have their say" till the last word is said.
 He specified that they should not be officials of the OAU secretariat.
Later, in July 1996, the judge in charge of the case allegedly released them for lack of evidence.
It was also stressed that the prompt ratification and implementation of the provisions of the Organized Crime Convention was a critical factor in strengthening the legal framework against terrorism.
(a) Joint programmes formulated before 2005 frequently did not address UNDAF outputs.
96. An important step in creating conditions for full implementation and effectiveness of the Rural Girls' Education Act was establishment of the Multisectoral Committee for Rural Girls' Education by Supreme Degree 001-2003-ED, which will allow for progress in implementing the law through an established work programme, thereby laying the basis for moving from declarations to action.
While recognizing that the figures it has regarding mutilations practised in the country are not reliable, Germany suggests 20,000 as a vague estimate of the number of cases.
The thought of being with her alone is a temptation I cannot face.
In assessing incentive systems in place, the findings were discouraging.
Around 70 per cent of the operational budget of the World Food Programme (WFP), which amounted to around $2.6 billion in 2010, is targeted for least developed countries.
Recalling its determination to ensure that assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1970 (2011) and 1973 (2011) shall, as soon as possible, be made available to and for the benefit of the people of Libya, welcoming steps taken by the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1970 (2011) and Member States in this regard, and underscoring the importance of making these assets available in a transparent and responsible manner in conformity with the needs and wishes of the Libyan people,
Did you hear something?
Expansion About Local Thermal Equilibrium (Electron Transport)
all parties to the original proceeding; and
As one fruit of their efforts, an astronomer from the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory (SAO), heading an international team, used HST's Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 in May 1994 to obtain valuable new images of Supernova 1994I, discovered by amateur astronomers in April 1994 in the inner regions of the "Whirlpool Galaxy," M51.
As well as acting as secretariat to the organization's IDP Task Force on this issue, EPAU produced an inventory of UNHCR's operational involvement with internally displaced persons and a policy options paper for the High Commissioner.
Should a decision be taken to prosecute all individuals who received weapons for unlawful possession, the Commission holds records identifying these persons.
He put his arm around Caroline's shoulders and drew her close to him.
34. UNJHRO continues to closely monitor cases involving journalists, human rights defenders, victims and witnesses, to ensure that their rights are respected and that the judiciary is not used as a tool of repression.
Football doesn't interest me at all.
55 ug/L
As a good manager, he would put a stop to such spendthrift courses.
50. Maher Abu Al-Reesh
Seventh session of the World Urban Forum [1]
:: The decision by six West African countries to form a monetary union in 2005 and the desire and attempts by Governments to meet the convergence criteria are likely to improve the macroeconomic policy environment in the subregion, thereby boosting future growth.
Funding to ensure universal access to HIV prevention services for people who inject drugs currently stands at around one twentieth of that required.
They reflect our determination to bring a constructive contribution to the cause of building a new architecture of international and regional security.
Burundi configuration
We have to gear our lives to the new changes.
Registered unemployment remains high: in July, it was estimated at approximately 43 per cent, or more than 516,000 people.
 All these combined elements lead us to the following preliminary conclusion: the current situation in Nicaragua represents a model to which the United Nations system should pay particular attention because of the comparative advantages involved in lending assistance in cases such as this one.
 30. On 11 August 1995, at 0800 hours and 1430 hours, 39 Iraqi forces were observed traversing near the geographical coordinates of NC 457-988 on the map of Khosravi, south of border pillar 51.
Recognizing the grave danger for international peace and security of an arms race in outer space and of developments contributing to it,
In the face of the special challenges impacting small countries like ours, Trinidad and Tobago is committed to stronger efforts to combat stigma and discrimination against those infected with HIV and those vulnerable to the epidemic, through legislative and social reform.
It is estimated that 45% of the schools population go on to participate in higher education and state aid is provided for these students on the basis of parental income.
For instance, it cooperates with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) on child-related programming.
To win support for his neofascist program, young Chiang conducted a series of raids against the property of the rich.
D. Redeployment of funds among programmes and objects of expenditure
Perhaps the data rate was a little bit faster than you were accustomed to, but you had some familiarity.
List of awards and nominations received by S.H.E
During a stretch of bad fortune, Solo was forced to jettison a cargo of contraband spice belonging to the gangster Jabba the Hutt.
Jamaica
The analysis is based on data collected through questionnaires, a desk review, official figures from DGACM, the Secretary-General's biennial report on multilingualism and the report on the activities of the Department of Public Information (DPI), among others.
The stability assessment of Beimengou slope of the safety factor calculated by the strength reduction FEM.
The reported number of drug abusers increased by 40 per cent in the first quarter of 2000.
1. Mr. Cutts (Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services), introducing the report of the Secretary-General on strengthening property management at the United Nations Secretariat (A/69/400), said that the report identified the improvements made to the property management framework in collaboration with property management stakeholders across many departments and duty stations.
Tell him and let him know you like this pencil and then after he finishing this paper he will give it to you.
Personnel expenditure
The implementation of ERP is not uniform in some organizations where ERP only covers headquarters and thus organizations continue to have a fragmented approach to generating comprehensive reports on the overall organization.
The closing date for applications for compensation was 31 March 2009.
The roles to be played by women and men in the families and in society that we are building, the ethic and moral values that guide our behaviours and attitudes, the concepts and ideas we defend, to go forward with our social project, come through a process of redefining gender roles - an essential aspect within the battle of ideas.
He pointed out that the way any animal thinks depends on its cognitive limitations and the environment in which it lives
We see that the people who benefited the least from the economic model are the very people who are suffering the most from its failure.
On the basis of the information made available to it, the Committee noted that, as at 18 April 2010, each of the following 81 States had submitted for its representatives credentials issued by the Head of State or Government or by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, as provided for in rule 3 of the rules of procedure of the Congress: Algeria, Angola, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Croatia, Cuba, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Egypt,
As a part of the culture, sports also plays a great role in history, as shown in the Olympic Games.
Clears any unnamed bookmarks on the current line.
Please outline the articles of the Penal Code which are relevant to the implementation of subparagraph 2 (e) of the resolution.
Returning a Shirt to the Store Returning a Shirt to the Store (John is returning a shirt to the store
Iraqis accuse the soldiers of killing innocent people during a March raid at Ishaqi, a village north of Baghdad.
This is based on the philosophy of 'Ali ibn Abī Tālib (the first Shi'a Imam, son-in-law and cousin of the Prophet Muhammad) who said: "He who truly knows himself has known his Lord".
[(a) consider and adopt recommendations of the preparatory commission;]
In line with Italy's traditional support for democratic development, we are planning a broad series of initiatives in Africa aimed at supporting parliamentary activities and strengthening judicial structures and training.
But I think Turner's real artistic laboratory was the art of the water color.
John's a cook in a hotel.
Article 29 The present Regulations apply to all enterprises with ownership by the whole people, enterprises with ownership by the collective, individual industrial and commercial operators as well as the Chinese-foreign equity joint ventures, contractual joint ventures, and foreign-capital enterprises.
Both men and women have been designated as such in various capacities.
World trends in e-commerce should be analysed on a regional basis, and seminars and workshops, as well as training and technical cooperation activities, needed to be put in place.
It is also linked to the fact that there is no central recruitment authority among the Free Syrian Army and that many forces are clan-based or village-based.
While funding during past reporting periods has come from voluntary contributions, as from January 2005 funding for the office was included in the Tribunal's main budget.
Klondyke, Arizona
Regular budget
UNOPS contributions are split between the four goals described in the Strategic Plan: Goal One - Rebuilding peace and stability after conflict; Goal Two - Early recovery of communities affected by natural disasters; Goal Three - Ability of people to develop local economies and obtain social services; and Goal Four - Environmental sustainability and adaptation to climate change.
In such circumstances, non-material interests of the beginning of the current bribery and bribery of a new characteristics.
5. At the 2nd and 3rd meetings, on 11 April, delegations exchanged views and made various proposals on the Chair's paper dated 10 April 2014 (A/CN.10/2014/WG.I/CRP.1).
Contribution of the Commission for Social Development to the annual ministerial review of the 2012 substantive session of the Economic and Social Council
The government responded to the protests by slapping high tariffs on palm-oil exports.
II. 2012 Caribbean regional seminar on decolonization, Quito, 30 May-1 June 2012
Draft resolution XII
Far from any systematic strategy of silencing demonstrators, the local law enforcement have always upheld Indonesian criminal laws, while questioning, making arrests and detaining suspects.
National staff
She escaped with the help of another Sharon.
6.2.2.6.3 Quality system and audit of the periodic inspection and test body
When he was surprised or angry sparks of light glittered in his eyes.
The cooperation of third world Governments with local and international private interests in a triple alliance has meant that none of the three is beholden to or likely to serve the needs of the poor.
And she was tormented by the question whether her love would bring me happinesswould she not complicate my life, which, as it was, was hard enough and full of all sorts of trouble?
It was agreed that the existing Forum focal points system should be used and strengthened in this respect.
A. Department of Economic and Social Affairs
And the whole city had gathered at the door
In spite of himself Lester had to smile.What might have followed if the child had been homely, misshapen, peevish, or all three, can scarcely be conjectured.
As the iron ore import demand and rapid growth in China's railway transport capacity and low water carriage prices low steel mill used ship transport iron ore.
Joint communiqué issued at the close of the visit by Léonard She Okitundu, Minister for Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
That behaviour, which followed the Assembly's adoption by overwhelming majorities of nine resolutions, cannot be interpreted as anything else but deliberate and derisive disregard by the United States for the will of the international community and for the position adopted by many international organizations.
It is caused mainly by industrial underwater explosions, ocean drilling, and ship engines.
Under IPSAS, UNOPS will change from a modified method of accounting to a full accrual method of accounting, resulting in improved transparency and accountability.
Mr Kwong maintained that through these initiatives, and the efforts of the private sector, the Government would create a favourable environment for electronic commerce to take hold and flourish in Hong Kong.
Do you know how many potholes we can fix for five billion dollars?
He tried to blow up a fire. The fire died out, instead.
It is an attempt to humiliate us, and undermine our position.
Dear Venezuela: We regret that Trump is prolonging the life of your awful government by threatening invasion and giving the leaders a scapegoat for their humanitarian disaster.
Just as “the 1930s and 1940s witnessed little political bloodletting in Latin America,” in Díaz-Alejandro’s words, the same is largely true today.
D. Main areas of concern and recommendations
Mr. Momenei (Islamic Republic of Iran) said sustainable development could only be achieved if efforts were based on the full integration of its three dimensions into national, regional and international policymaking.
The Hamas regime continues to reject the Quartet conditions, persists adamantly in its call for Israel's destruction and remains vigilant in its commitment to seeing this grim vision through.
In keeping with the wishes of Member States and to promote increased familiarity with and wider appreciation of international law as mandated by the General Assembly, steps have been taken to further facilitate access to the United Nations Treaty Collection on the Internet.
The argument that the principle of non-interference in internal affairs does not apply to the issue of human rights is, in essence, a demand that sovereign states give up their state sovereignty in the field of human rights, a demand that is contrary to international law.
A rapid rundown in inventories and temporary distortions in credit markets ( see article ) have not helped.
Planning a vacation with your own home as "home base" can relieve a lot of stress and be a little easier on the bank account.
The conservative movement has been labouring to reshape the court for a generation.
In Niger, the Energy TTF project is helping to build capacity to develop an integrated approach to national planning and policy frameworks on renewable energy, in line with the SRF/ROAR framework.
 To achieve the objectives of this agreement, both sides agree to form a working group to exchange information and coordinate remains recovery, repatriation and identification efforts.
By using harmony of form, working from the back of the head, I rebuilt the face in a way that felt right.
Buildings and structures completed in 1877
In 2011, Austria, together with Norway and Mexico, presented a draft resolution to the General Assembly with the aim of taking forward multilateral disarmament negotiations, which in the end was not put to a vote.
The Acting President (spoke in French): On behalf of the General Assembly, I wish to thank the President of the Republic of Paraguay for the statement he has just made.
One C-130 Turkish military aircraft violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and international air traffic regulations by flying within the Nicosia FIR until exiting from point DOREN without diplomatic permit or contacting the Nicosia ACC.
"If human beings are not drowned, " asked the little mermaid, "can they live forever? do they never die as we do here in the sea? "
Senator Barack Obama is spending his first full day as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee giving a major foreign policy speech, addressing a powerful American labor union, attending a high-powered fundraising event, and doing interviews for American television networks.
A. Investment management 80 - 81 15
By winning election on a clear anti-violence and pro-rule of law platform, Abbas has the mandate and the responsibility to carry out this policy.
The authors also proposed to simplify financing process, improve information system, unify basic drug list and improve running mechanism.
Rybkins disappearance came the day before he was scheduled to speak at a news conference and two days before the central election commission validated his candidacy, raising the concern that he had fallen victim to some kind of attack
Contents
What combination of roses do you pick?
In March the Nanjing-based provisional senate of the Republic of China promulgated the republic's first constitution, the Provisional Constitution of the Republic of China, in which it was clearly stipulated that Tibet was a part of the territory of the Republic of China.
Vee Gee Scientific
The author
Chess, card - playing, and dancing are forms of indoor recreation enjoyed by people young and old.
Additional provision is made for the acquisition of 160 ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles for use on patrol duty, as well as for the replacement of fragmentation jackets and other uniform items which are not available from the existing stocks.
 In these circumstances, the assertion that "science knows no boundaries" has no meaning.
Agenda item 19: Sustainable development (continued) (A/66/87, A/66/297, A/66/298 and Corr.1 , A/66/337, A/66/388, A/66/391)
Implemented/ Closed
The mission recommends that the United Nations sanctions committee on Sierra Leone consider this proposal.
Angry police confronted Mr. Correa and fired tear gas at him when he tried to meet with them.
The Committee nevertheless reiterates the concern of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (A/57/18, para. 337) about allegations that children of migrants with no status are being excluded from school in some provinces.
2. The Convention on the Rights of the Child defines a child as "every human being below the age of 18 years unless, under the law applicable, majority is attained earlier" (art. 1).
I am writing to inquire about possible openings in your agency for a copywriter.
(Agenda item 1)
The European economy has also slowed in 2018, with Germany even reporting a surprising contraction in the third quarter.
Glasses can't be placed with the heavy cargo.
To solve the above problems existing in detection approach a new way to detect the structure deformation based on fiber optic gyroscope is presented in the paper.
 Some members noted that the ACC report did not indicate how the actions reported represented a coordinated approach.
6. The additional provisions cannot be met from the contingency fund as other activities in the 2006-2007 biennium charged against the fund will have exhausted the fund during the main part of the sixty-first session of the General Assembly.
D. Vacancy factors
Finland's National Commission on Sustainable Development (FNCSD) was established in 1993 and it was chaired by the Prime Minister until 2007.
This work is an extremely important step in pulling together our fragmented understanding.
But that is not guaranteed.
Division of quantity used for the measurement of quantitative indicators (for example USD, number, percentage, etc.)
49. Mr. Akindele (Nigeria) said that Nigeria enjoyed a multiethnic and multicultural society and had made freedom of religion a priority in its Constitution.
The paper quotes an official with China's Ministry of Supervision as saying that in some departments, directors have more than 10 deputies.
5. Concurs with the Transfer Agreement with the World Trade Organization, approved by the Board under article 13 of the Regulations of the Fund, with a view to securing continuity of pensions rights between the Fund and the World Trade Organization, as set out in annex VII of the report of the Board;2
In India, the price of wheat declined seven percent.
A final report was produced on the national vision, coordination mechanism and resource mobilization strategy and submitted to the Government in April 2014; it is pending approval
This myth, particularly popular among psychics, is widespread and has been used in advertising campaigns and popular culture for years.
Consequently, the status of these resources should be clarified, in the light of the general principles contained in UNCLOS.
We call upon nuclear-weapon States to do their part; non-nuclear-weapon States should maintain their commitment to nuclear non-proliferation.
c Represents share of the United Nations Headquarters cash pool and comprises cash and term deposits of $13,497,086, short-term investments of $13,125,842 (market value $13,151,036), long-term investments of $26,271,877 (market value $26,575,632) and accrued interest receivable of $275,685.
Of course, being happy at work depends mostly on how much you like your job.
Dame Ann Hercus (New Zealand), former Cabinet Minister and Permanent Representative of New Zealand to the United Nations; Head of Mission of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP), 1998-1999.
Cysts put pressure on the nerves.
I want to give my warm welcome to all new students of Vision University's correspondence school.
The President: This afternoon the Assembly will hear an address by the President of the Republic of Cameroon.
People are not made to be forgiven or forgive.
(a) Institutions of the executive branch
Those non-military aspects of the security of small States should be addressed through extensive and effective international cooperation.
19. Japan
The resulting annual savings of Euro0.6 million were offset by the initial service costs of the new ERP system, resulting in an overall net saving of Euro0.2 million per annum.
There's a very good one called Office Depot. They have everything he will need.
She paraded up and down in her new hat.
The Special Rapporteur concludes his report with a set of recommendations aimed at ensuring that the enjoyment of the right to health of all migrant workers is respected, protected and fulfilled.
One international staff member of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), three international United Nations contractors, four Somali guards and at least six Somali bystanders were killed.
19th parallel north
The principal causes of abortions that were recorded in Ministry of Health statistics and those of other health institutions were foetal death, miscarriage or ectopic pregnancy.
Subchronic toxicity PeCB has been tested on rats and mice.
It is become a common practice of hackle steel strike no longer and moving toward long period of order and stability.
Further, the International Monetary Fund noted that there is "good evidence of a developed compliance culture" in the Cayman Islands and has deemed that the regulatory regime is generally in compliance with a broad range of international standards relating to banking (Basel Committee on Banking Supervision), insurance (International Association of Insurance Supervisors) and securities (International Organization of Securities Commissions).
t suppose he ever writes to his mother. . He fell in love with her crazily.
In Nigeria, landlords are reluctant to give accommodation to single women or mothers, who have the reputation of being promiscuous.
National Justice Sector Reform Strategy
INMARSAT A terminals
Like tens of thousands of other Jews, mother Sala died in the Belzec concentration camp
R. D. Laing is not only a famous British existential psychiatrist but also a famous family theorist.
(2) The State coercing an international organization may or may not be a member of that organization.
The State shall encourage and support agricultural labourers to participate in the activities of agro - technical popularization.
(2) Inclination: 0.02655 degrees
The Chinese delegation is pleased to note that, as a result of the continuous efforts by the international community, national governments and the civil society, the cause of promoting and protecting the rights of children is making steady progress.
The Mental Illness Principles explicitly refer to "the right to live and work, as far as possible, in the community" (Principle 3), "the right to be treated and cared for, as far as possible, in the community" (Principle 7 (1)), and "the right to return to the community as soon as possible" where treatment and care is otherwise unavailable (Principle 7 (2)).
We must mobilize all our resources and social networks to promote and strengthen local value systems that have traditionally provided for the protection of children within societies, including in times of war;
Health risks for agricultural workers, bystanders and the general population.
• The symposium should draw on the experience of a wide range of stakeholders, and should reflect the Commission’s open, flexible and inclusive approach to non-governmental participation.
However, this difference seems to be in with the development of science and changed the fuzzy.
The draft resolution on activities of foreign economic and other interests is contained in paragraph 8.
Given the important issues the Special Committee considered and the fact that its work was crucial in strengthening the Organization and promoting multilateralism, which Myanmar strongly supported, the Special Committee deserved the continued support of its entire membership.
Human poverty and exclusion continue to deprive citizens of their basic rights to have a decent employment and participate in social and political life.
Without international cooperation and concerted action, the impact of climate change will be devastating for all our nations.
The European Union expresses its deep concern at the deteriorating human rights and humanitarian situation in Colombia, in particular the increasing number of inhuman acts of violence and atrocities affecting primarily the civilian population, such as those which occurred recently in Gigante and Chiquinquirá.
Article 8 had been drafted to provide certainty as regards the form and means of communications that could be used.
The obligation to extradite or prosecute depended not only on practice but also on international law and its relationship to each State's domestic law.
Non - mineralized animal tissues may be fossilized in exceptionally taphonomic conditions.
The COP has a central catalytic role to play in strategically positioning desertification within the international political, social and economic agenda, and introducing innovative approaches to provide an enabling global framework for implementation.
- Draft law on proliferation of chemical weapons and materials;
A system of Standing Committees was created in 1888 to follow and study matters related to the status of women.
AS A policeman in the 1970s, Shizuka Kamei battled the Japanese Red Army, a communist terror group.
By entering into the venture you are showing a high degree of confidence in your partners competence.
4. UNAMET is now fully operational, and the deployment of international personnel is complete but for the final few.
In short, these acts have paralyzed economic activity, and they have caused suffering, uprooting and rebellion, thus destroying any tenuous trust that might have been built between the parties.
In a white paper it publishes every two years, the Defense Ministry says it believes North Korea has about 50 kilograms of plutonium -- 30 kilograms of it obtained during the past three years.
Youth suicide prevention programmes funded by the Youth Development Fund, which is administered by the Department of Internal Affairs, are currently being evaluated.
Minors over the age of 15 could be employed provided certain regulations designed to protect the right of such minors were observed.
Eastern Ashanti Brong Ahafo
The president's critics pounced on the jobs report as a sign the U. S. economy is on the wrong track.
At that time, the Israeli airforce was stepping up its attacks on the villages in the Tyre area concentrating on the village of Deir Aamess near Qana in order to impede the rescue operations.
Organizations designated as terrorist
Lack of property rights often prevent return following displacement, or may push women to stay with land even in the face of significant dangers.
56. Mr. Swe (Myanmar) said that the results of the voting reflected the divisive nature of country-specific resolutions.
Purchase of public utilities enterprises.
The experts' assumption that population would stabilize because birth rates would stop falling once they matched the new low death rates has not been borne out by experience.
Boseong Seon clan
You're not scared are you Anna
Niamey
In 18 countries, public administration bodies adopted measures to advance gender equality, including gender parity; 11 implemented the measures, seven of those demonstrated that objectives are being achieved.
79. A clear-cut example of a formal, explicit unilateral act of recognition is the Government of Colombia's recognition of Venezuela's legal and historic title to the Los Monjes archipelago by note on 22 November 1952.
2. At its 8th meeting, on 8 May, the Commission held a general discussion on the item and heard an introductory statement by the Chief of the Science and Technology Section of UNCTAD.
Accordingly, in its work with development agencies, it highlighted the role that a conducive legal environment could play in furthering progress towards the Millennium Development Goals, and in its work with the legal community, it emphasized the dividends that a focus on economic and social progress could yield for sustaining peace and security.
Inverse function theorem
When an employer hires female workers, it shall not stipulate in the labor contract any content which restricts female workers from getting married or having children.
After 25 years, the world, unfortunately, is as unstable as ever, notwithstanding some remarkable achievements in the sphere of disarmament, especially relating to weapons of mass destruction.
Milestones include feasibility study / environmental impact assessment, design phases, tendering, award of contracts, construction of permanent works, testing, installation of overlay.
The launching of the national peace plan promulgated by the Government in October 1993 gives priority to assistance to the uprooted population, enhancing the operational capacity of the National Commission for Returnees, Refugees and Displaced Persons (CEAR) and promoting its closer relationship with the National Peace Fund (FONAPAZ).
Use window. create Popup display menu, so only use IE.
"Microsoft is way behind the competition and the chances of it catching up are fairly low, " says Brent Thill of UBS, an investment bank.
The representative of Gabon stressed the importance of resolution 65/189, informing the Committee of efforts by Gabon towards its effective implementation, including through the revision of existing legislation.
10. Even now, six years after Monterrey and in the face of crisis, the G-8 has only reluctantly expanded its ranks to become the G-20, but some countries still want to keep systemic issues outside of the United Nations and its all-inclusive grouping -- the G-192. Those who noisily advocate democracy in the world recoil from the idea of democratic governance of our international institutions, including the United Nations.
Since donors tended to become more inward-looking during times of crisis, it was the task of the Committee, and the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development, to warn against that tendency and call on developed country partners to honour their commitments.
Users - total
This has fully demonstrated China's strong commitment to reform and opening-up and its sincerity to participate in international economic cooperation.
It was however stressed that both types of measures are subject to the conditions of article 19 [property for governmental non—commercial purposes].
For instance, no explanation of the meaning of direct and indirect discrimination was necessary, but it would be useful to know the consequences of such discrimination.
We can go to some village to enjoy wild flowers on the mountains.
The Fund is administered by the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, a staff pension committee for each member organization and a secretariat of the Board and of each such committee.
Termination of sponsorship
After that we will pass Memphis Tennessee and go down to Arkansas.
23. UNRWA disclosed an overview of its financial performance for the biennium 2002-2003 in a Summary preceding the financial report.
b Revised 2010-2011 appropriations.
For all their connections, the couple does not often turn up at A-list parties in Washington or mingle with the city's political elite.
The Secretariat has prepared this document in accordance with that request.
d. Esters and plasticisers as follows:
She was dressed as she was always dressed: in black jeans and a blue sweater.
At the Millennium Summit the world's leaders highlighted the need for the United Nations to meet the challenges of the new century.
Terms of Reference for the PEC
The strengthened partnership between UNCHR and IOM was an effective response to the crime of people trafficking and would, in combination with the political commitments generated by the Bali process, provide a solid base for addressing the migration-asylum nexus.
K. Poverty reduction and sustainable development
Many older people still believe that women rs careers are secondary.
The Secretary-General also wishes to recall paragraphs 18, 19 and 20 of resolution 59/275 of 23 December 2004, as well as paragraph 21 of that resolution, by which the Assembly requested the General Committee to take fully into account resolutions 57/282 and 58/269 in the allocation of items to the Main Committees.
4 Upon ratifying the Convention, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden declared in accordance with article 92 (1) that they would not be bound by Part II of the Convention (Formation of the Contract).
3. Declarations concerning settlement of disputes
'The Nazirite shall then shave his dedicated head of hair at the doorway of the tent of meeting, and take the dedicated hair of his head and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of peace offerings
Horizon Zero Dawn
45. The specific institutions with which UNIFEM and its partners will work will depend upon the particular opportunities and challenges present in different contexts.
Mr. Chen pressed his case in Beijing before. Now he is back
8. According to your national legislation, if any, please describe any measures you have taken to prevent entities and individuals from recruiting or supporting Al-Qaida members in carrying out activities inside your country, and to prevent individuals from participating in Al-Qaida training camps established in your territory or in another country.
2.2 Deployment of public information components of peacekeeping operations, including specialist functions, within the timelines set by the Security Council or the respective mission for new peacekeeping operations
Beyond that, the Panel's greatest aspiration is to see the report serve as a source of inspiration for people all around the planet.
That is the key phrase in Scrabble,my good friend. Common usage.
Please try our countryside daily meal.
The State party should ensure the prompt enactment of an adequate prosecution policy in order to ensure a fully independent complaint mechanism for victims of torture.
It is indeed contrary to the very essence of the democratization we are trying to achieve in a Security Council adapted to new realities to offer special status, in rather questionable fashion, to a new category of States or seats.
The strategy has to be owned by a wide range of stakeholders, including those living in poverty.
Analysis of resource requirements
You can also modify existing items.
In this connection, the Committee invites States to indicate in their reports the meaning given in their society to the terms "family" and "home".
We also are facing problems in the electrical sector which is in deficit.
Unfortunately, there were no television cameras present during hundreds of similar incidents.
Regional and subregional advisory services
They have been proactive in preventing criminal acts and in ensuring that their strategy to fight them was successful.
(2) Any person who recruits, transports, traffics, buys, sells, conceals or accepts children or juveniles for exploitation as stipulated in paragraph 1, shall be punished with a penalty of at least 5 years imprisonment.
In China, loans in excess of 300 million RMB are generally required to be syndicated among a number of banks
9. The SCETMA emphasized different elements of the tool box used by different mine action centres, from Cambodia to Afghanistan, Mozambique, Chad, Nicaragua or Croatia.
Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010
11. Strengthen rules and regulations with regard to hatred, defamation of religions and Islamophobia (Islamic Republic of Iran) and enforce legislation on equality and non-discrimination and adopt measures to combat Islamophobia (Saudi Arabia);
China's export tax rebate policy, several major adjustments, to improve the macro economic control has played an active role.
Saint Lucia
you can't sell the car at will,i'm one of shareholders of it
Calculation and reading the script does not do background database.
 55. The situation in eastern Zaire, which has steadily deteriorated since the incidents in Masisi in June 1996, is becoming particularly alarming because the violence now affects the entire province of Kivu.
An independent panel comprised of Māori and non-Māori male and female members was undertaking the initial stages of public consultation on constitutional review, and would then report to the Government on its findings.
A. National poverty reduction strategies
(a) immediately place Malcolm Ross on a leave of absence without pay for a period of 18 months;
U h uh, what she should do is find another guy.
To be decided at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly
The concept of product posture and its most significant patterns are discussed at length in Chapter 9.
Rather, this evil character and darkness of soul in the human being hides a secret essential element.
"Well?
4 cascades each with 174 IR-1 centrifuges installed 1 cascade with 52 IR-1 centrifuges installed
Population
If the sun's rays are focused on a piece of paper with a lens, the intensity of the concentrated energy burns the paper.
Because of the difficulty of separate identifications, the related contributions and expenditures are all grouped under development assistance.
The three walls, however, were not joined together.
The delegation of Mexico wishes to state that in the opinion of the Mexican Government, the consultations by the Special Coordinator on anti—personnel landmines constitute a procedural matter and do not form part of the substantive work of the Conference on Disarmament.
 If the new army is not entirely formed and placed in training centres, a large number of soldiers will linger in assembly areas.
Three breakout groups met in two further sessions to take stock in more detail and discuss key challenges in advancing integration and opportunities to address those challenges.
Submission serial no. GPA211 - GPA240
Hopefully all of them will be involved in European football in the future.
In 1988-93, 936 females were granted national "May 1" labor medals.
Papua New Guinea
= I think so.
It covers measures that refurbishment and repair facilities and facility managers may put in place better to ensure the environmentally sound management of used computing equipment, and addresses each of the ESM criteria from the PACE ad interim project group on ESM criteria;
But these countries generally lack the capacity to retaliate and the safety nets to assist those affected by such actions.
Among other issues, the report seeks to highlight the importance of developing an adequate response to issues related to drug control, drug trafficking and the associated problem of organized crime.
1. Mexico proposes the addition of the following new article:
8. Three meetings of the Preparatory Committee are envisaged under resolution 64/236.
In 2004, Chinese delegation attended the 60th Session of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, the Substantive Session of the United Nations Economic and Social Council, and the Third Committee Meeting of the 59th Session of the United Nations General Assembly.
133. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/2006/L.5/Rev.1, as orally amended, without a vote.
In that connection, in the early hours of 2 December 2010, Israeli occupying forces killed two Palestinians in the besieged Gaza Strip.
Total, lines 20-21
46. With regard to balloting and voting in the General Assembly, one group supported the introduction of technical improvements in principle, but recalled that no option thus far presented had met the requirements of reliability, credibility, integrity and confidentiality and that, consequently, no formal decision had been taken by the Assembly.
My heart, with its lapping waves of son, longs to caress this green.
They made a surprise attack and seized the port.
(a) Improvement of the legal and institutional framework
Exam time is hell for those who procrastinate.
160 BC deaths
It also takes into account the concept of equitable geographical distribution, as envisaged in Article 23 of the Charter.
The traditional Directors' lunch will take place hours prior to kickoff and both President will be present.
do you think i look fat?
This fun song has a pretty quick beat for your faster runs. Give it a try and see if you can keep up with it.
General Assembly
Payment will be in proportion to the work done, not to the time spent doing it.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and
(b) The Committee might formallythrough a letter from the Chairpersonbring to the attention of the State party concerned the information received and urge the State party to submit its overdue report without further delay.
Special attention will be given to developing the CyberSchoolBus, the young people's segment of the United Nations web site, and transforming it into a locale where young people and teachers alike can converge for the purpose of facilitating teaching and learning about the United Nations and its activities through interactive web pages.
International NGO programmes were often premised on Western teaching methods that addressed Western determinants of health issues.
Ms Warren is a divisive figure.
During the review period, ICAO conducted aviation security audits of five States.
You should know what kind of insurance you want before you go to rent the car.
Figure 8 below shows the expected sources of funding of the Agency's total budget volume for 2010 and 2011, including both the regular and projects budgets.
You could feel the earth shake as the truck came closer.
i am not saying this dependence is always a neurosis, but it can become one if a second stage of growth doesn't take place within the mind of the parent
Khartoum/Dubai/Khartoum
At its substantive session of 2002, the Council decided to create a framework for advisory group(s) on African countries emerging from conflict (Council resolution 2002/1).
At the same time, having never had to take “no” for an answer – and after receiving a series of nods and winks that hinted that membership might one day come – Turkey’s expectation of eventual EU integration became increasingly palpable.
5. Other measures for accounting
Annex I Parties are also encouraged to submit, where relevant, a translation of the national inventory report into English.
Never say goodbye when you still want to try, never give up when you still feel you can take it, never say you don't love that person anymore when you can't let go.
Belize hoped to expand the services of the Legal Aid Office to all districts and to employ an attorney dedicated to juvenile justice.
"(c) In the case of homosexual acts with men, the offence refers to the illegality of exploiting the prostitution of others by any means whatsoever, regardless of the person by whom such an offence is committed.
Under article 17 thereof all persons are equal before the law and the courts.
Attention: early maturity varieties, 60 days maturity , late harvesting will lead to pith hollow.
Page
39. Report of the Economic and Social Council [chapters I, VIII (sections B and C) and X] (item 12).
18. Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session: report of the First Committee (A/60/465) [99]
I forgot my umbrella.
A: Mmmm. I'm not so sure about orange
The prolonged global economic recession has led to a restructuring of the economic relationships between countries and, in some regions, a decline in national as well as personal income and well-being.
Religious rituals such as prayer, fasting, and pilgrimages are believed to invoke a god to influence a child's sex.
Worldwide Coalition for Peace
UNHCR has also been mandated to address the situation of stateless persons in accordance with the Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons (1954) and the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness (1961) (see resolution 50/152).
Report
93. General Assembly.
Note: Regional groupings correspond to those used by UNESCO and differ somewhat from those used elsewhere in the present report.
Reform efforts in this area focus on improved financial information reporting, on cost-saving measures, on enhancing transparency and on ensuring compliance, as follows:
I should be grateful if you would bring this matter to the attention of the members of the Security Council.
Mobility and hardship allowance (A/60/723)
Throughout the reporting period, UNODC continued its advocacy and fund-raising activities with the private sector, working with representatives from the media, the entertainment industry, the international press, NGOs and foundations.
B. Voluntary cost-sharing contributions from Member States
During the Fourth Regular Session of the Human Rights Council, Al-Haq prepared the following joint written interventions with nine other Palestinian NGOs: 1) "Above the law: Israel's impunity for violations of international law in the Occupied Palestinian Territory" and 2) "Forty years of increasing facts on the ground: New actions urgently required by the Human Rights Council to prevent the preclusion of the Palestinian right to self-determination."
It is evident from the content of the report that its compilers lacked any objective information about the actual situation relating to human rights in Uzbekistan or were unwilling to use such information, notwithstanding the repeated submission by the Uzbek authorities of detailed information on all the issues raised in the report.
(b) Concerning Yugoslavia, see resolution GC/S.1/Res.1 adopted by the General Conference at its first special session.
3. The Committee commends the State party for its high-level delegation, which was headed by the Minister of Social Affairs, Kinda al-Shammat.
To jointly develop rhinoplasty cause, PhD. Dong-Kak Jung is specially employed as the Technical Director and Honorary Director of Dalian Dr.
Part XII
Describe open - book management and employee recognition, pay -- performance, and  stock  option programs.
Session of the Governing
"It's different here compared to Juventus. Last year was perhaps the worst period for Juve. For now I am thinking of Parma, " he said.
Likewise, under the Civil Code, women seeking to obtain a divorce as a result of domestic violence must first prove that the abuse was intolerable (osr va-haraj).
Regarding the special funds, as at 30 April 2007, 13 Annex II Parties (Canada, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom) have pledged contributions to the SCCF amounting to USD 62.0 million, while 17 Annex II Parties (Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom) have pledged contributions to the LDCF amounting to USD 115.8 million.
The report says that immigration changes the relative supply of factors such as unskilled labour, skilled labour and capital in the economy.
I have never heard one person say that life was easy. -- Chris Taylor
However, a decision must be made on exclusion from suffrage in respect of every person under guardianship.
by Rabindranath tagore13.The song that I came to sing remains unsung to this day.
Representatives of the Association have attended sessions of the Commission on the Status of Women and entered into a partnership with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) on programmes to address gender-based violence.
This is also true for some of the other duty stations where significant numbers of common system staff working for different organizations are stationed, and where those organizations operate their own healthcare schemes.
At last, it introduces the main content and feature of history module project developed by America.
(b) Report on the implementation of MTSIP organizational review on UN-Habitat (1)
These might be alternated with strips of the tenderloin, partially roasted or boiled the tongue.
Make it easy for him or her to help you
The conclusions and recommendations of the Arab workshop on the Millennium Development Goals,
In Germany the share of private schools of schools offering general education amounted to 4.7 per cent (2,036 schools), and their share of vocational schools to 13.5 per cent (1,228 schools) in 1994.
DIS -- Online Database on Arbitration Law -- http://www.dis-arb.de
Jeff: At the very start, athletic sport is a double blade sword.
Integrating evaluations to provide complementary performance information
However, the Panel finds that Hitachi has failed to explain the circumstances surrounding its claim.
In light of the statement made by the delegation of the State party, the Committee encourages the State party to finalize the ratification of the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Work experience with the World Health Organization (WHO)
Public sector expenditure is chiefly funded by taxes, social insurance contributions, and to some extent patient fees.
Hamid A. Ghodse (Islamic Republic of Iran)
The representative underlined that her country's federal system of government required a cooperative approach between the Federal Government and the Governments of the States and Territories to implement the Convention.
4. The Committee is of the view that many of the proposals in the report several of which come from the practice of the Human Rights Committee can be considered for implementation regardless of whether or when the Comprehensive Reporting Calendar will be adopted.
State-level institutions
no hospital's equipped to deal with this.
To eat up changes to the core business. Not because they are stupid.
C. Climate change and disaster risk reduction
While this is a debatable occurrence in most competition authorities, including the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and South Africa, this practice should be aligned, for example, with that in Zambia and Zimbabwe, where the chief executive officer is an ex-officio member of the Commission.
I. INTRODUCTION 1 - 2 3
Build policy and operational partnerships with all constituencies
While Tibetans enjoy a relatively privileged refugee status, Indian law bars them from most employment opportunities and from purchasing property.
I don't wanna be a saint. I wanna be a ruthless, heartless shit who fucks whoever he wants without conscience or remorse.
Like rural villagers' self-government, the major contents of the urban residents' self-government are also democratic election, democratic decision-making, democratic management and democratic supervision.
* A/55/50.
He could never transcend his resentments and his complexes.
82. In the United Nations Millennium Declaration (General Assembly resolution 55/2), the international community resolved to give greater opportunities and develop strong partnerships with external actors to contribute to the realization of the Organization's goals and programmes.
- At 2250 hours, the Israeli enemy shone a searchlight for two minutes from the Zar'it barracks towards the Lebanese Army position at Tarbikha;
Contributions received had covered only 47 per cent of needs in 2003 and only 32 per cent of needs as of 30 June 2004.
Nevertheless, investors still face obstacles.
Rotate handwheel from full OPEN to full SHUT positions several times to assure proper operation.
In the years since then house building has boomed and the cult of home ownership has taken a hold on the Chinese psyche.
The practice of secret detention was also facilitated by the introduction of states of emergency, followed by repeated renewals or extensions and, in some cases, by straightforward perpetuations.
Slovakia
Activities to that end should be included in national Strategic Approach implementation plans, backed by the development of a global list of those pesticides and a replacement strategy promoting the use of non-chemical alternatives or less hazardous chemicals.
Four Israeli warplanes violated Lebanese airspace over the Shab`a farmlands in a northerly direction and circled over areas of the western Bekaa. Then they headed west as far as Al-Damour and circled over regions of the South.
37. The Department of Public Information is the lead office for supporting the activities of the Messengers of Peace and acts in cooperation with the substantive office, in this case the Office for Disarmament Affairs.
Morning*-
UNICEF imported over 1.3 million doses of the measles vaccine on 29 May and delivered 6.5 million doses of vitamin A to the Ministry of Health to be used during the campaign.
The Committee is also concerned about reports that corruption within the judiciary remains a problem (art. 14).
(c) The average annual expenditure in promoting water conservation over the past three years was about $1.3 million, which indicated an increase when compared with the annual average of about $0.8 million in the three years preceding that period.
In accordance with the agricultural framework, negotiations are to encompass all trade-distorting policies affecting the sector.
Staff and contractors were trained (273 staff and 40 contractors)
Such steps are being carried out in the context of domestic efforts to combat any phenomena related to money-laundering.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 20 May 1998, at 10 a.m.
Paragraph 177 of the report discussed the notification of Austria's neutrality to other States.
Although it was important to strengthen the technical cooperation and training provided by UNHCHR, enhanced support to treaty bodies and the exchange of best practices was even more urgent.
Figure XV
Non-governmental organizations were further invited to submit comments to the three Sub-Commission experts who would be cooperating in preparing papers, without financial implication, including through meetings and seminars before the next session of the Sub-Commission, and each expert was invited to submit his revised working paper to the sessional working group and the SubCommission at their next sessions.
(a) Number of seminars, workshops and training courses held or supported by the Office of the High Commissioner, and number of persons trained, participants in seminars/workshops, and fellowships granted, and the provision of data on their geographical distribution, and the extent to which they contribute to the fulfilment of the objectives of this subprogramme;
Biddy said gently锛屸€楽he may not be worth the trouble锛孭ip.鈥?
Computer Supr
The Wharf Times Square
(a) The net decrease of $4,500 under policymaking organs relates to reduced requirements under non-post resources for various meetings in 2010-2011;
Draft resolution (A/56/L.82)
Per 100,000 citizens
First, a fissile material cut—off treaty would constitute yet another major step towards meeting the obligations of article VI of the NPT.
I believe that, in many cases, we could be in a position to adopt decisions at the end of a thematic debate.
The Open-ended Working Group will have before it notes by the Secretariat on the environmentally sound dismantling of ships (UNEP/CHW/OEWG.9/13) and on an update on the activities being implemented under the Global Programme for Sustainable Ship Recycling (UNEP/CHW/OEWG.9/INF/24).
(iii) Amounts assessed on non-Member States that agree to pay reimbursement of costs for their participation in United Nations treaties, organs and conferences are credited to miscellaneous income;
86. At the Cartagena Summit, the States Parties recognised that the need for partnerships to achieve the aims of the Convention had become more important than ever.
Almost none of the developing economies covered by the UNCTAD survey reported the use of the Internet for these purposes, with the exceptions of Hong Kong SAR (34.1 per cent) and Thailand (5.6 per cent).
Very young and youthful age structures - those in which, generally, 60 percent or more of a country's population is under the age of 30 - are most likely to undermine national development, particularly vulnerability to civil conflict and democratic governance.
174. Notwithstanding the State party's efforts to develop and organize sports and cultural activities for children, the Committee notes with concern the insufficient number of recreational and cultural activities and facilities for children and the discrepancies between barangays in this respect.
The Workshop provided a substantive contribution to the discussions among States Parties aiming at enhancing the implementation of UNCAC, in particular its chapter II, through the sharing among experts of experiences and lessons learned.
Incumbent FIFA President Sepp Blatter is the only one running to head the world football governing body.
Myanmar Kyaw San
In the new period,centralism should be closely linked with democracy.
Additional studies on several prey/predator combinations including birds and mammals showed biomagnification of tetra- to hepta-CNs.
411. The Committee is concerned about the lack of a national human rights plan in accordance with the recommendation contained in paragraph 71 of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action.9
Office equipment, including photocopiers, multifunction devices, laser printers, LCD monitors and fax machines
He was testing a new vacuum tube called a magnetron (we are searching for a picture of an actual 1946 magnetron), when he discovered that the candy bar in his pocket had melted.
The next higher education fair fairs in the Asia are October.
He show fear and he deals the ball like a toy.
As the report of the Security Council, which was considered in the General Assembly last week, records, some initial steps have been taken by the Council, particularly towards improving the accessibility and transparency of its deliberations.
It follows that the communication is inadmissible under article 2 of the Optional Protocol, insofar as it raises issues under article 10 of the Covenant.
Agenda item 3 (b)
Tyler stood next to me, both of us looking down at the big O of my mouth with blood all around it and the little slit of my eye staring up at us from the floor, and Tyler says, "Cool."
How much of each year do spiders spend killing insects Why, you may wonder, should spiders be our friends
211. The statutorily prescribed period of suspension of benefits (cf. art. 24 of ILO Convention No. 102) amounts to 12 weeks.
Taian Ziyang Food CO. LTD is a joint-venture company processing organic vegetables.
(d) Protection of and support for the victims - operation of specialist support centres for victims of violence;
Yet as Fed chairman, he has also stumbled in communicating some messages.
Write it down.
The sky will clear up again later this afternoon.
The cores don't have to be identical, Siu points out.
Effects of cestrum nocturnum n-butyl alcohol extract on contractile characteristics of right atrium in isolated guinea pig
Besides, the equivalent comfort equations under different working  conditions  are introduced by curve fitting method.
10. These consultations will help to focus the overall work of the AWG-LCA on these elements throughout the remainder of the year.
1177/2003, Wenga and Shandwe
3. These notes are an important tool of cooperation and information-sharing between the Council and its subsidiary bodies in general, and the Statistical Commission in particular, and it is recommended that this kind of reporting be maintained.
Though I eat vegetables every day.
'We believe there should not be any discrimination in the domestic express market between foreign-invested enterprises and domestic companies, because it violates the principle of fair competition,' said Yao Xin, chief representative in Beijing of the Conference of Asia Pacific Express Carriers, which represents the four big global express-delivery companies.
Targeted and graduated measures in response to violations of applicable international humanitarian law and human rights law related to children
Addendum: Joint progress report of the executive directors of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme and the United Nations Environment Programme on activities in the field of the urban environment over the reporting period 2009 - 2010 (HSP/GC/23/2/Add.6) - for decision
31. The nature of the Organization was different from corporate culture.
There was a determined effort to mainstream human rights and gender issues in policies of the countries with which the mission engaged.
I know you won't want to hear it But They're strapping him up either way now Once he's gone You'll be stuck here for another five years.
S/2003/1149
(a) To introduce a general prohibition of any material change in the course of procurement proceedings, which would be applicable to all procurement methods, with very limited exemptions, such as in the request for proposals with dialogue procedure (article 43).
[Adopted without a vote.
(l) The benefits from overall representativeness in the police and criminal justice systems
73. The issue of mobility has been reviewed in the context of the Organization’s overall human resources reform efforts aimed at developing a stronger, more flexible, multi-skilled international civil service.
Mr. Rezlan Ishar Jenie Mrs. Adiyatwidi Adiwoso Asmady
If the data were archived in one place, then contractors could access the data and reduce their costs.
In fact, many companies that report positive earnings are actually losing money when you count the cash.
Under the new concept, programme officers are now assigned based not only on the number of serving volunteers, but also on the number of "pipeline" volunteers, the least developed country status, the country potential and strategic importance, the projects in execution, the "V" index (United Nations resolutions, IYV visibility, etc.) and the supportive environment.
The Economic and Social Council should provide policy guidance on an appropriate work programme for the Committee.
Using peer to peer programs is like inviting spyware into your computer.
Most economists agree on the ideal mix and sequencing of such maneuvers.
OHCHR staff responsible for media liaison brief the international press regularly on the activities of the Office and on the human rights programme in general.
Terry Gou, Hon Hai's group's founder and chairman, said the group would hire 30,000 new staff in Taiwan and begin listing overseas units in Taipei.
Like every other candidate, John accepted that certain sacrifices had to be made.
Working Group on Rules of Procedure and Evidence concerning Part 5 of the Statute
Commending Member States and organizations which have made contributions in support of AMISOM and Somalia, encouraging the international community to mobilize additional funding as appropriate, recognizing the importance of timely and predictable funding, and stressing the need for effective coordination among donors, the United Nations and the African Union,
Arab-Americans surpass the national average in both education and
B. Lessons learned from the implementation of earlier TCPR resolutions
When economists say that productivity growth is the root cause of development they are almost stating a truism.
it is really abominable when your achievements are plagiarized by a copycat. I do think I will use legal system to combat with a copycat.
7. Vendor registration procedures and requirements
We support a multidimensional United Nations presence in Angola because it seems to us that this would be an important instrument in seeking effective means of restoring peace and consolidating the rule of law.
Let's talk about Jerell.
It is a kind of Futuristic bus station. If one Terminator comes out, you should not be surprised.
For a list of the Committee members who took part in the ensuing discussion, see annex II.
Kuwait
3. Requests the Secretary-General, in his next performance report, to provide information on the interaction of the Global Service Centre with other United Nations entities;
Operational costs
Hsave you ever been to Boston?
My husband seldom stayed at home.
Second language and native language education are not only Possessing the generality but also possessing such peculiarity.
41. In addition, the Convention provides (article 15(3)) that by virtue of making a demand the beneficiary implicitly certifies that the demand is not made in bad faith, and that none of the circumstances exist that would justify non-payment in accordance with the provisions of the Convention on fraudulent or abusive demands for payment (see below, paras. 47 and 48).
(b) Eligible activities: Activities that are eligible for funding from the financial mechanism are those that seek to meet the objectives of the Convention, by assisting eligible Parties to fulfil their obligations under the Convention, in accordance with guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties.
Software services contributed 42 per cent of NIIT’s total revenues of Rs. 6.484 million ($152.6 million) in 1998-1999, while APTECH aims at raising the share of software in its turnover from 10 per cent at present to 30 per cent over the next 3 to 4 years.
[03:01.33]The two brothers look very much alike.
South Korea at the Asian Games
Understanding and adapting to climate change in mountain areas was the topic of the course, which attracted around 30 participants, including members of national delegations to the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
(iii) by a declaration before the court or by a written communication after a dispute between the parties has arisen;
T23 PORTABLE TANK INSTRUCTION T23
Being an affiliated member of the World Trade Centers Association, WTCM will take full advantage of the potentials offered by the WTC Association鈥檚 worldwide network such as their database regarding the latest information on market studies, statistics and support services as well as business opportunities, to assist MGTO to develop and promotion the M.I.C.E.
Qatar also indicated cooperation along such lines.
33. The Committee urges the State party to ensure the effective implementation of all measures aimed at facilitating women's affordable access to health care, including through the allocation of sufficient resources and the implementation of the Initiative for Free Health Care throughout the State party.
(i) Participating interests;
:: Trends in current indigenous migration;
9 January 1995e
The important thing is to keep control of these different units.
Talking during smoko is a way of communication andand nurse.
They usually hunt during the day and prey upon mammals like antelope and zebra.
In the SADC region, the lack of human, financial and material resources completely hampered the administration of justice.
Pursuant to article 53, paragraph 1, of the Rules of Court, after ascertaining the views of the parties and taking account of those views as expressed, the Court decided not to accede to that request for the time being.
The frog boasted to the turtle about the wideness and fineness of the well.
The event is part of the city's campaign to lobby for the inclusion of West Lake as one of UNESCO 's World Heritage sites.
The complete list of items of which the Security Council was seized as at 4 May 2013 is contained in document S/2013/10/Add.18.
The police!
32. Mr. Dapkiunas (Belarus) expressed his delegation's regret that the motion to adjourn the debate on the draft resolution had been rejected, although it understood the difficulty encountered by many delegations in supporting it.
The French price of stainless steel plates are about $1200 per mt, while the German price is still lower.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Further steps to improve the coordination of efforts against trafficking in persons" (under agenda item 104) (convened by the delegation of Belarus)
Recommendation 70
The question of the regime of space below that altitude would continue to be the object of further discussion and negotiations up to the moment when a final agreement was reached and a boundary established between air space and outer space.
86. Ms. Gumede Shelton requested more details on the training of judges, such as the specifics of the programmes planned, which programmes would be compulsory, how long each would last, and whether there would be refresher programmes.
Although your input is priceless, we think it just distorts the relationship for you to get it for free.
Silicon  Nitride  is a kind of excellent ceramic material used in many areas.
Ms. Saldanha has previously worked for over four years in the field of information with the United Nations World Food Programme, serving in Italy, Mozambique and Zimbabwe.
Reviews the effect of remanent stress on fatigue strength by the concept of average stress and fracture mechanics respectively.
The Charter also establishes the principle of non-discrimination (principle 5), endorses sustainable development and promotes the idea of leaving a positive legacy from the Olympic Games for the host city and the host country.
Additionally, a few investigations relating to prior periods were under way at the end of the biennium.
 27. To receive the identification self-sustainment rate the contingent must be able:
Moreover, trade -- a key driver of development -- continued to be imperilled by the lack of progress on the Doha Round negotiations.
79. At its fiftyfirst session, the SubCommission, in its decision 1999/108, recalling its resolution 1998/26 on housing and property restitution in the context of the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and considering this subject to be of increasing importance, decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fiftysecond session and to recommend that the Commission on Human Rights request the SecretaryGeneral to transmit SubCommission resolution 1998/26 to States, the Representative of the SecretaryGeneral on internally displaced persons, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, intergovernmental organizations and nongovernmental organizations for their comments.
32. Extrabudgetary resources in 2013 for activities implemented by members of the United Nations country team in the Syrian Arab Republic, which complement, but are separate from, the mandate of the Office of the Joint Special Representative, comprise a humanitarian appeal by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs for $1.4 billion to provide humanitarian assistance for Syrians in the country, and an appeal by UNHCR for $2.9 billion for a regional response plan to assist the Syrian refugees in neighbouring countries.
The Council could also call on components of the United Nations system to cooperate with the Working Group on the Right to Development, the Independent Expert on the Question of Human Rights and Extreme Poverty and the Special Rapporteur whose mandate will focus on the right to education, appointed by the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-fourth session, in 1998.
They agreed in principle with the recommendations of the report and their comments appear in italics.
We will continue the fight against HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
It would be preceded by an intergovernmental meeting in Brazil on the health-related Millennium Development Goals, to be organized jointly with the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO).
As a result, many small-scale farmers in Asia, for example, adopted Green Revolution technologies relatively late.
86. In view of the convergence of print and electronic publishing, the role of the Publications Board in overseeing the publishing activities of the Secretariat will be strengthened.
:: 13 regular and ad hoc visits to peacekeeping operations that are not covered by the regional ombudsmen to provide on-site conflict resolution services and to enhance conflict competence through outreach and awareness
After copying this onto the existing image, the radial divisor arms are colored white with a simple fill command specified to begin at the center of the image, where all of the divisor arms meet.
Alfredo Chuquihuara (Peru)
(c) Information on climate change science and options for mitigation and adaptation responses should be made more widely available by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the United Nations and other international organizations, including available knowledge about observed and future climate impacts on urban centres, urban-based mitigation and adaptation alternatives, and the costs, benefits, potentials and limits of these options.
They're worthless. He'll be in disguise anyway.
Oh Tell Me The Truth About Love Some say that loves a little boy, And some say its a bird, Some say it makes the world go round, And some say thats 1)absurd, And when I asked the man next-door, Who looked as if he knew, His wife 2)got very cross indeed, And said it wouldnt do
PPPs Development of a Model Law and supporting Guide to Enactment
Conversely, when the spot rate for the United States dollar against the local currency was higher than the 36-month average, the dollar track yielded the larger benefit in terms of local currency units.
Yugoslavia
A leading candidate was Senator John Sherman of Ohio.
Currently, the International Tribunal has fourteen ad litem Judges, and I am grateful to the members of the Security Council for resolution 1800 of February 2008, which authorized the assignment of up to four additional ad litems.
I. Introduction
displaced persons and humanitarian questions
I'm sorry,sir. This is now a crime scene.
(c) To develop the administrative processes for the announcement of calls, the receiving and processing of applications, the selection of participants and the feedback to applicants, including who participates in each of these activities;
He deposited the case in the left luggage office
Ōkōchi clan
:: One D1, head of the policy, planning, monitoring and evaluation unit
The victory completed a triumphant first season in charge for 38 - year - old Barca coach Pep Guardiola.
Finland
All documents of Governing Body and Conference in the seven official languages.
After notification, a modification of the original contract becomes effective as against the assignee subject only to the actual or constructive consent of the assignee.
The infection reaserch of the 5 kinds of helminth in intestines on the students in Handan
"Three thousand more.
Recognizing that women and girls are particularly affected by HIV,
System architectures
More than 60 per cent of staff who separated were from the Department of Field Support (81), the Department of Management (77), the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management (77), UNEP (55), the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (53), the United Nations Office at Geneva (53), the Department of Public Information (45), Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (41), the United Nations Office at Vienna (39), the Economic Commission for Africa (38) and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (37).
The need for an evaluation of the implementation of that programme was emphasized.
Human Rights Council
Presented in December 2009.
The electrical connection in the photoelectric elevator involves electronics.
The borderline between the two (declaration of non-applicability of immunity and waiver of immunity) is not clear, and the decision is left to individual Special Representatives of the Secretary-General.
Developing and emerging economies were more limited, owing to factors such as instability of capital inflows.
2008/238. Report of the Statistical Commission on its thirty-ninth session and provisional agenda, dates and documentation for the fortieth session of the Commission
We have established this regulation for offering our customers the definite best quality products. 3.
A/69/87-E/2014/80
Mr. Brahimi's mission visited six countries in all.
His publication record includes 5 research papers in core journal.
Requests the secretariat to organize, before the second session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol, a workshop on reporting methodologies on ways to minimize adverse social, environmental and economic impacts on developing country Parties of the implementation of policies and measures by Parties included in Annex I in achieving their quantified emission limitation and reduction commitments under Article 3, paragraph 1;
25. Reports should indicate whether the principle of non-discrimination is included as a binding principle in the Constitution or in domestic legislation specifically for children and whether all the possible grounds for discrimination spelled out in article 2 of the Convention are reflected in such legal provisions.
A policy review on HIV prevention and care for injecting drug users in prison settings has been supported in Kenya, and UNODC has provided advisory services to four African States on HIV and prisons.
Province of Ancona
21 October 1991a
NGOs also cooperate with the UNCTAD secretariat.
This article was written in order to provide materials for one whois practicing in ? Brand Strategy?
She switched the mode to light mode and the neon green light flashed in the cave.
We know that there is a strong Gülenist presence in the military (without which the government’s earlier move against senior Turkish officers – the so-called Eregenekon and Sledgehammer cases – could not have been mounted).
BUSCO: Business Association for the World Social Summit
(b) Level of understanding by some agriculture sector stakeholders of the GEF funds and procedures in order for them to fully participate in the design and implementation of LDCF projects.
65. Ms. Manalo resumed the Chair.
The positive dialogue that has begun encourages us to look to the future with optimism.
If you want to support retry operations , you can configure the report server to re- attempt the delivery if the first attempt fails .
I should be grateful if you could circulate the present letter and its annex as a document of the Security Council.
The European Union would like to thank the Secretary-General for his report (A/61/1) on the work of the Organization.
Mark met his father for the first time at the centennial celebration of the cathedral's construction.
The draft report was submitted for consideration to the Human Rights Ombudsman of the Republic of Slovenia in August 2009, and was dealt with by the Interministerial Commission on Human Rights in September.
Component 2: support
Although sharks were not a targeted species they were sometimes caught in the multi-species and multi-gear fisheries.
Niger
Many people will have to shift from controlling design to offering better services to make money, or perhaps band together under a particular brand known for some other quality.
(f) Leadership capacity-building in the public sector for development.
Gets or sets the file-system directory paths that should not be searched for references to add to a discovery document.
Decline in business or course of dealing
In turn, the way in which the non-health sectors set their respective priorities (e.g. environment, trade, economics, migration, urban planning, agriculture, foreign policy) influences peoples' health.
Pizza
(a) At the end of the text under Expected accomplishments, add ", in accordance with the relevant resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly and the Security Council."
After being informed of possible illegal exports, concerned competent departments will make earnest investigations and administer corresponding administrative punishments, or transfer the cases to the judicial organs for ascertaining criminal responsibility, depending on the seriousness of the law-breaking acts.
108. Updated information on this subject was requested under the agenda item entitled "Human resources management".
Paragraphs (1), (2) and (5)
Personnel has lost my tax forms.
' I said, endeavouring to snatch the glass from his hand.
Current interpretations and application of the Staff Rules
Under the Act the Home Rule Authority is, therefore, under obligation to consult with the central authorities of the Realm before introducing measures that might prejudice Denmark's interests.
IPad
3. Through the Public Prosecutor's Office.
IV. Conclusions and suggested actions
Small-holder Irrigation and Water Use Programme
D. Decisions taken on the recommendation of the Committee on Science and Technology 48 - 51 11
Ms. Stoute (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take action on the oral amendment proposed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the seventh preambular paragraph of draft resolution A/C.1/59/L.50, entitled "Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation".
I sit with my eye on Mr. Creakle, blinking at him like a young owl.
A further 12 parties to the Protocol had not yet ratified the Montreal Amendment but had nevertheless established licensing systems.
Western and Central Europe
C. Rule of law
The participants noted that centralized reviews offer opportunities for capacity building for new experts.
Article 49 Where enterprises, institutions or individual industrialists and businessmen illegally hire minors who have not reached the age of sixteen, the relevant labour departments shall order such units or individuals to make corrections and shall impose fines on them; if the circumstances are serious, the relevant administrative departments for industry and commerce shall revoke their business licenses.
That's a paradise on earth.
Working conditions of the local staff of the mission
:: Related management response
77. The efforts and programmes carried out in Cuba to provide the population with health-care services that are free, universal, modern and efficient, ensuring a high degree of protection and a long life expectancy, are widely known and recognized.
If delegations wish to have the text of statements distributed to all delegations, observers, specialized agencies, interpreters, record-writers and press officers, 350 copies are required.
Statement submitted by International Planned Parenthood Federation, a non-governmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Conventions No. 103: In its 2005 direct request, the Committee noted the information provided by the Inter-Union Assembly of Workers - National Convention of Workers (PIT-CNT) concerning the frequent failure to comply with the provisions of national laws and regulations relating to nursing breaks.
There was support for all those suggestions.
Scheduled official meetings
11. Governments of both developing and developed countries will be interested in using time-use data for the first set of issues.
9. Lower requirements result from the alignment of the estimate for salaries and common staff costs with the actual level of staff within the mission, which is a result of posts being filled at a lower level than authorized.
But replace apple with idea after exchanging there are two ideas for each person.
The Philippines has also taken steps to explore areas of cooperation in the South China Sea with the interested countries in the region.
Taking note of the nationwide elections conducted in April 2010, as elections are a component of the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, and commending the people in the Sudan who are working toward democracy,
A. The media - the press, television and radio in particular - and efforts to combat discrimination 51 - 52 13
Faster growth of labour productivity 鈥?the amount of output or gross domestic product from every hour worked 鈥?allows economies to expand faster without stoking inflation, raises living standards or allows countries to choose to work less without suffering lower income.
This approach reflected a win-win situation where the natural environment is preserved and alternative livelihoods are introduced to communities.
To be decided
Moreover, owing to the unprecedented build-up of international official reserves, emerging economy Governments have increasingly taken long-term equity positions in developed countries' financial markets through sovereign wealth funds.
Total, part VIII
Initial feedback indicated that vinyl chloride monomer production was a regional issue that could be addressed in a regional context within Asia.
210. At its 4th meeting, the SBI considered the draft report on its thirty-fourth session (FCCC/SBI/2011/L.15).
Payable to or on behalf of retired and deceased participants
(b) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa (A/58/158)
The parties discussed issues of interaction between the two organisations in the fight against terrorism, separatism and extremism, as well as development of political, economic and cultural cooperation in the Central Asian region.
First, the drive from the Atlantic colonies to the Pacific, in which settler pressure, boosted by extraordinary demographic growth, demanded the acquisition of territory.
1958 in Arizona
) are small-sized beetles about 1 to 5 mm long.
Thus far two permissible interpretations have been found only once by a Panel, but the relevant Panel finding was overturned on appeal.
In this regard, the Committee recalls its consistent jurisprudence that article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol does not require resort to domestic remedies which objectively have no prospect of success.
The Social Democrats triumphed in Iceland's election, so Johanna Sigurdardottir will continue as prime minister.
The round-table and consultative group mechanisms, as well as government-led development forums, provided space for policy dialogue on poverty reduction strategies.
9. Two features of those budget resolutions are significant.
In building socialism, the basic task is to further release and develop the productive forces and achieve socialist modernization step by step by carrying out reform in those aspects and links of the production relations and the superstructure that do not conform to the development of the productive forces.
The pseudo - spectrum method uses Fourier transform and finite difference to solve wave equation.
Similarly, the Liberia Refugee Repatriation and Resettlement Commission and another source in the Little Wlebo refugee camp informed the Panel that the six refugees who had been returned from Côte d'Ivoire had been seen with Tweah when they had returned to Liberia and after he had escaped from custody.
A participant from UNITAR presented the methods used for monitoring and evaluating its projects in different countries.
An internet survey shows that over 80% of voters reacted positively toward the policy.
The damage caused by closing the factory will still be felt years from now.
Flexibility for Development
Human resource development;
Article 66 People's governments at or above the county level shall develop satellite television education and other modern means for teaching and learning, and the administrative departments concerned shall give such development priority and support.
It also underlined the need for ongoing compliance with international regulations wherever a ship is operating, irrespective of registry or flag, and the importance of developing a "compliance culture".
The G20, with its broad representation, offers an important and effective platform for concerted international efforts to counter the international economic and financial crisis
UNIDO should continue to focus the fund's resources on poverty reduction and on the least developed countries (LDCs), especially in Africa.
For each biennium a separate budget for telecommunication operations will be established.
For all the deceased godless?
(h) Each congress shall adopt a single declaration containing recommendations derived from the deliberations of the high-level segment, the round tables and the workshops, to be submitted to the Commission for its consideration;
Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related
207. Recommends that workshops be organized at the earliest possible opportunity in order to inform the first cycle of the Regular Process and welcomes the first of those workshops, held in Santiago from 13 to 15 September 2011, takes note of its report and invites other States to host such workshops, and in this regard notes with appreciation the offer made by China to host a workshop for the Eastern and South-Eastern Asian Seas, which is planned for the end of February 2012, and the offer made by Belgium to host a workshop for the North Atlantic, the Baltic Sea, the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea in March 2012;
The Acting President: We shall now turn to draft resolution II, entitled "Programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011".
I had turned into a trembling, alienated social phobic who didn't dare to walk up to anyone and ask them for five minutes of their time.
2.He told us all details word by word .
The Health Commission of the Chamber of Deputies discussed the draft extensively in 2002, proceeding through numerous readings, as the result of which the draft law was once again taken up by the executive.
Indigenous peoples (24 - 27 April 2011)
In line with the report of the Secretary-General on civilian capacity in the aftermath of conflict (A/67/312-S/2012/645), UNMIT signed memorandums of understanding with UNDP, UNFPA, UNICEF and UN-Women for the period from 1 July to 31 December 2012 to implement the integrated strategic framework for the United Nations system in Timor-Leste.
93 ter Support steps taken by Governments to encourage skilled and highly educated Africans to remain in the region and to utilize and further develop their skills;
In that regard, they reiterated their view that the mandate should be renewed for twelve months and stated that, under the terms of reference outlined in Security Council resolutions 1542 (2004), 1608 (2005), 1702 (2006), 1743 (2007) and 1780 (2007), MINUSTAH should gradually realign its priorities, as the situation in the country evolved.
First of all, the instrument should be rendered universal.
(poetic expression) a (the) sea of facesLooking out upon the sea of faces, Mr. A delivered a touching speech.
In the Government's opinion, a dual approach had to be taken to promoting equal rights, since gender equity, accomplished through practical progress towards equal opportunities, was a prerequisite of gender equality.
Official travel
But if you're smart you'll start saving for rainy days because rainy days come to us all.
Recognizing that the Regional Centre has continued to provide substantive support for the implementation of regional and subregional initiatives and has intensified its contribution to the coordination of United Nations efforts towards peace and disarmament and for the promotion of economic and social development,
Our work has a particular focus on the implementation of MDG 3, to promote gender equality and empower women, but these three strategic areas also underpin achievement of the other MDGs.
 85. Important integration processes are taking place at the regional and subregional levels, where economic cooperation and free trade agreements between countries from all parts of the region have been or are being established.
to participate, in the capacity of observers, in its sessions and work
Come along, Madam Hester, and show your scarlet letter in the market-place!
204. Mohammad Abed Ridha Abbas Ghaloum
An evaluation of the role of UNICEF in education SWAps in 12 countries was undertaken during 2005, complementing the health SWAp study of 2004.
Further concerns were expressed by the Secretary-General.
The definition of the term "family" in Israeli law
I'm the manager
If China did not have something to gain, it would not have joined the WTO.
Musopen
S/RES/2026 (2011) The Security Council,
A ski trip does not have to cost thousands of dollars. Many people go for a day or two and rent skis instead of buying them.
Flowing from this, the death penalty is totally abolished in Namibia.
Flank: the surface between the pitch circle and the bottom of the tooth.
 The International Conference on Population and Development, held at Cairo, had adopted a holistic approach to the problems of population, development and the environment and had emphasized the role of women.
There should be close consultation and better coordination between the information centres and the host countries.
In all these areas, UNODC will actively promote coordination and close cooperation with other international organizations and enhanced inter-agency, cross-border and regional cooperation.
5. Column 14 (civil defence) includes expenditures assigned for the needs of civil defence formations functioning out of the Defence Ministry and financed directly from the State budget.
They stood there with an air of defiance, or at least of contention.
Folding@home
Shophouses : Singapore - Belgium Joint Issue
15.9 Area staff are paid in accordance with UNRWA area staff rule 109.7 if terminated on the stated ground that they are, for reasons of health, incapacitated for further service with the Agency.
In fact, this draft resolution is designed to serve as a part of the ongoing process that we are considering in combination with other efforts as means for the full-scale political resolution of the conflict.
Expenses are decreases in economic benefits. Recognition
 Algeria had also provided material and logistical support to the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara, thereby demonstrating its sincere desire to cooperate with the international community in the establishment of lasting peace and security in the regional and international spheres.
Riad was herding his sheep in a field of the southern village of Wazanni when a remaining Israeli landmine exploded.
1. In the Constitution of 1871
From paragraph 38 of the report, the Committee notes that, since January 2010, the Independent Evaluation Unit has guided over 70 independent project evaluations across UNODC.
This would violate the right to privacy, martial and family life.
I have the honour to bring to your attention the statement issued on 10 May 2000 on Ethiopia/Eritrea by the Presidency of the European Union on behalf of the European Union (see annex).
17. Violations of the dress code are criminalized under Article 638 of the Islamic Penal Code, which states that anyone who offends public decency will be sentenced to imprisonment from 10 days to two months, or to up to 74 lashes. A note to the article says that women who appear in public without Islamic covering will be sentenced to imprisonment from 10 days to two months or to a cash fine.
The various legislatures have adopted similar provisions, which makes them easier to follow despite the large number of laws in this area:
40. Ms. Schöpp-Schilling expressed alarm at the figures for marriage, divorce and separation among children between 10 and 14 years of age.
Some countries have prohibited the import of used and waste tyres.
But much of the worst pollution is less obvious.
1975 Assistant Senior Legal Aid Counsel.
6. Recognizes the value of information exchange on national approaches to controlling radioactive sources, and takes note of the endorsement by the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency of a proposal for a formalized process for a voluntary periodic exchange on information and lessons learned and for the evaluation of progress made by States towards implementing the provisions of the Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources;
The United Nations/Viet Nam/European Space Agency Workshop on Forest Management and Environmental Protection was held in Hanoi from 5 to 9 November 2007.
His delegation was concerned at the way in which the integration of the information centres with UNDP field offices was taking place, and it had been observed that the outcome was not always beneficial.
The other is rooted in federalism: it could be used only for crimes “against the United States,” or federal crimes, not crimes prosecuted by one of the 50 US states.
Tajikistan
In that connection, we have an early childhood policy that encompasses children up to eight years of age, starting with prenatal care for the mother.
These criticisms cited alleged politicization of State institutions such as the judiciary and the Haitian National Police, in addition to repression of freedom of expression, following a controversial statement issued by the Minister of Justice and Public Security during the carnival celebrations, in which he warned against defamation.
200. Within the health system, the control of epidemic (or infectious) diseases and occupational illnesses is the responsibility of bodies and institutions of the health and epidemiological service.
Agenda item 8
Of particular importance is the principle of special and differential treatment and its possible applicability to IIAs through, for example:
The Division of Regional Cooperation, through the regional offices and associated country offices, is responsible for identifying regional and national priorities, ensuring that they inform the development and implementation of the programme of work, and providing strategic guidance, coordination and cohesion of delivery of UNEP work at the regional, subregional and country levels.
A critical issue directly linked with the ecosystem is the use of water resources.
See Unsafe Code and Pointers.
The regional distribution of the countries concerned seems to validate the view that it is the developed countries of “the North” that are experiencing the major demographic effects of net immigration.
 Too much exposure to TV programs will do great harm to the eyesight of children.)
The Committee recommends that States parties ensure:
105. The States Parties have come to understand that real and sustainable progress rests with sovereign States articulating in their own voices their challenges and plans to overcome them.
The Committee considers that the author has failed sufficiently to substantiate, for purposes of admissibility, these two claims, and that this part of the communication is inadmissible under article 2 of the Optional Protocol.
The conference will bring together ministers of education and finance, along with key business leaders, and will highlight the importance of better educational outcomes in the achievement of regional development and poverty reduction goals.
Let us also bring in the private sector to reverse the downturn in foreign investment.
American actions were “unilateral,” “illegitimate,” and had forged a “hotbed of further conflicts.”
Cumbal Volcano
- Inadequate translation and dissemination of international human rights instruments into domestic languages;
Governance: secretariat and Trust Fund Conclusion
In May 2009, UNODC signed a memorandum of understanding with the Regional Cooperation Council.
But this can only happen if there is a genuine endeavour to enable the developing countries to utilize trade for growth, rather than enforcing a globalization that further marginalizes those countries and locks them into patterns of dependency and underdevelopment.
The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany considers that such a reservation, which seeks to limit the responsibilities of Malaysia under the Convention by invoking practically all principles of national law and national policy, may raise doubts as to the commitment of Malaysia to the object and purpose of the Convention and, moreover, contributes to undermining the basis of international treaty law.
It is also the case that the Panel has power under the Rules to request additional information and, in unusually large or complex cases, further written submissions.
Meetings of the Campaign Regional Action Committee for Latin America and the Caribbean (2) [2]
Later, Huang also mentioned knife will Hemeimei stem sister and sister - in - law fled after the killing.
It was the most popular American book of its time.
2010-2011: 2 per cent
(i) Problem: Lack of self-destruct or self-deactivation mechanism.
20-24 October
For example the Victorian Government will build a supported accommodation facility in the Melbourne CBD providing affordable housing for 120 people.
14. The TEC could engage relevant stakeholders through, inter alia, the following:
User - defined types can overload the unary + and binary + operators.
Although some States had expressed the view that the provision did not comply with the notion of a “genuine link”, and therefore had no justification, his delegation was convinced that the paragraph was very significant and fully reflected the importance attached by the commission to the prevention of statelessness.
Upon request and with the concurrence of Council members, the President made nine statements to the press after informal consultations on various issues (see appendix).
30. However, lasting peace cannot be built on the basis of temporary arrangements.
Contingency fund: consolidated statement of programme budget implications and revised estimates (A/C.5/67/15)
The outstanding contributions of Max Born lead us to probe the reasons for his achievements for the enlightenment of future generations.
1. The Administration should improve monitoring to ensure that final expenditures by each section and responsibility centre are as close as possible to the allotments issued for the biennium.
87. In addition, the Presidency met with a number of senior State figures, including the Presidents of Nigeria, Trinidad and Tobago and Croatia.
Estimated expenditure
 4. Invites Governments and the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to consider ways and means of improving the coordination of United Nations drug control-related activities;
The first change is to set the search attribute for the selection based on the field name using some if statements.
Books
11. Arrangements for intergovernmental meetings:
After that, the group went to the Shaykhali warehouses which belong to the Iraqi Atomic Energy Organization in the Tuwaythah area.
Overtime hours exceed three hours a day.
There are risks of this kind everywhere in the world, unfortunately.
This right is ultimately nothing more than the transposition into law by the international community of a fundamental moral and social value which has now become a legal requirement -- not to let some of the very gravest of crimes go unpunished."
Angola made recommendations.
The Ombudsman is independent, autonomous, professional and qualified in performing his/her authority, and he/she performs operations under his/her competence in accordance with the Constitution and the Law on the Ombudsman, as well as in accordance with international human rights treaties.
C. It can not be used explicitly in member funtion of class X.
Land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's pride, From every mountainside, let freedom ring!
One member from Asian States;
They again demanded that Israel respect all its commitments and pledges.
Only a few who have violated laws are punished.
Recruitment and staffing Mobility
2. Declarations and their confirmations are to be in writing and to be formally notified to the depositary.
Several important decisions were taken since 2007 towards further simplification of trade procedures and modernization of customs.
My master inquired what was the matter.
The proposed organization of work of the informal consultations at the sixth session of the Ad Hoc Committee is contained in the annex to the present document.
If the survey’s results are representative of broader trends, one of the world’s most important pillars of democracy – a free and open press – is in jeopardy.
I welcome the decision of the Government to provide a legal framework for the Permanent Forum for Dialogue.
69.12. Put emphasis on the rights of women and children, and continue to work to eliminate sexual violence under the "Stamp it Out" policy and implement it in a comprehensive manner (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya);
You know, we're thinking juliet now, or maybe julianne.
Total
The Committee is likewise concerned that the training offered on the prohibition of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment is inadequate, as the Committee noted in its previous concluding observations (art. 10).
He stressed the need to address those issues on a multilateral basis in order to strengthen international cooperation to fight corruption, which undermined sustainable development and hindered foreign investment.
My birthday is on January 27 th.
This has to do with the actions of pirates off the coast of Somalia.
1. The General Assembly, in its resolution 68/279 of 30 June 2014, entitled "Modalities for the third International Conference on Financing for Development", requested the Secretary-General to prepare a note on the organization of work of the Conference, to be held in Addis Ababa from 13 to 16 July 2015.
Her purse slipped out of her bag when she opened it to bake out the handkerchief.
 62. A number of new military tribunals were established in 1995, with authority to oust the supervisory jurisdiction and judicial review of the high courts with no appeal from decisions of the tribunals.
19. Managing exchange rates will be the biggest macroeconomic policy challenge in the region in 2007.
Invitation for Proposals to Operate Transitional Care and Support Centre for Tetraplegic Patients
Guana has no guarantee of a place in Stefano Colantuono's midfield and is attracting interest from Bologna and Lazio.
He hated her and was severed from her for ever.
The informal consultations were open to all Parties and were co-facilitated by ministers, in an effort to reach an agreed outcome on the above-mentioned key issues. XV. Statements by observer organizations
ORGANIZATION AND WORK OF THE EIGHTH MEETING A. Introduction
The effective participation of developing countries in the work of the panel should be ensured, and the mandate, modalities and composition of any mechanism are to be decided by the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum." (UNEP/GCSSVII/6, annex I, appendix 1, para. 11(h)(i).)
42. Capacity and coordination in the field were strengthened through the implementation of the cluster approach, which was developed by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee to address identified response gaps.
In view of the increasing number of women who work in the informal sector (p.29), please describe the strategies in place to support women in the informal sector, particularly in rural areas, to gain access to markets and technology and access to credit, social security and health services.
As the adjustment of administrative areas , in January 1989, the school assigned to the jurisdiction, Daliang.
鈥淥ne does get the sense that the Democrat leadership on these committees is going to want to weight a little more carefully the dual mandate,鈥?says Peter Hooper, chief economist at Deutsche Bank Securities and a former Fed official.
However, this understanding is shared by the minority of the doctrine, most of which, in light of article 226, § 5 of the Constitution, affirm that article 246 of the Civil Code of 1916 has been revoked.
:: Improved economic performance of companies (investment, sales, productivity, innovation, export).
Whether this poses a risk for humans would depend on whether there is inhalation exposure to these specific types of carbon nanotubes.
UN-Women should (a) develop and implement its own policies and procedures to ensure that there are clarity in and consistent application of procedures in the implementation of programmes; and (b) where it considers the use of procedures applied by other agencies, develop specific and detailed guidelines on the applicable policies and procedures of such agency after an assessment of whether the policies and procedures of such agency are in line with the Financial Regulations and Rules of UN-Women (para. 76).
2. The United Nations also has experts who perform assignments for the Organization.
:: The Secretary-General's analysis and recommendations contained in the report met with a favourable response.
' The old man spoke not, and grew pale as death.
The Commission of Home Rule applied the principle that, in the wording of the legislation on mineral resources as well as of the Home Rule Act, due respect must be paid to national unity and thus also to the interests of the whole nation.
15. All legislation and programmes were required to be reviewed for the purposes of gender mainstreaming.
The Nordmann, one of the most popular species because of the long life of its silvery needles, is selling in Copenhagen this year for 300 Danish crowns ($56) for a two-meter (six-foot six inches) specimen, 20 percent more than last year
For information about log shipping jobs, see
666. Partly because of the need to ensure full compliance with the Convention on the Right's of the Child and partly because it had become apparent that the law of England ( which had previously been the governing law in St Helena in this field) was no longer wholly applicable to local circumstances, a new ordinance (the Child Care Ordinance 1996) was recently reviewed with a view to updating and gathering into one comprehensive piece of legislation all the necessary provision with respect to child care and the status of children.
Some States parties noted the helpful role the IAEA, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization and the Implementation Support Unit of the Biological Weapons Convention could play to support efforts to create such a zone.
41. Mr. Cavallari (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, explained that the European Union had abstained from voting because, in the interests of the effectiveness of the General Assembly's work, it favoured a thematic approach rather than one focused on the situation in a particular country.
FRAMEWORK FOR HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT
She tried to saw off a dead branch from a tree.
She was wearing a print dress and a pillbox hat with a veil pinned on it, like somebody out of a 1940s movie.
Major General Michael V. Hayden, United States Air Force, is hereby accredited as a member of the United Nations Command Military Armistice Commission, replacing Major General George W. Norwood, United States Air Force, effective this date.
21. Since 1982, requests for membership have been received from the following 27 non-members, in chronological order: Greece, Croatia, Kuwait, Portugal, Slovenia, Czech Republic, Costa Rica, Denmark, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Cyprus, Lithuania, Ghana, Luxembourg, Uruguay, Philippines, Azerbaijan, Libya, Armenia, Thailand, Georgia, Jordan, Estonia, Latvia, Malta, Serbia, Republic of Moldova and Qatar.
Sexist stereotypes existed within the family, in the media and in the workplace.
I had to do something to stop you, Curtis.
56. To remedy the scarcity of female senators, it might be constructive to establish temporary special measures and a policy of parity in the appointment of senators.
2. Azerbaijan: Participated in poverty assessment and household budget survey to monitor the socio-demographic indicators of poverty.
In the last article, how to construct a perfect in nor risk controlling mechanism is suggested.
According to analysis by HSBC, approximately 15 per cent of the fiscal stimulus funds committed for 2009 - 2010, which exceed $3.1 trillion, can be regarded as green in nature.
Shipment should be made during August to October in three lots, with 100 tons each.
As we have seen, a solution was reached only after tireless efforts and negotiations with Egypt and other Arab States, including the direct involvement of the United States and the European Union.
At the end of the meeting the President read a presidential statement (S/PRST/2005/9) dated 25 February, in which the Council reiterated the need for a wider strategy of conflict prevention, crisis management and peacebuilding in the subregion, and called on Member States and key international partners to explore practical ways of assisting ECOWAS in enhancing its capacities in the areas of conflict prevention, peacemaking and peacekeeping.
The shift to joint programming has been a promising learning experience resulting in examples of One Programme that effectively address cross-cutting issues
Nicaragua reiterates its strong commitment to the process of the revitalization and democratization of the General Assembly and underscores the importance of resolution 63/309.
Monaco
Developed country firms, as seen from table 4, dominate market for architectural and engineering services.
19. UNICEF is the main United Nations agency focused on education and the resumption of schooling in emergencies.
Manage special tools and equipments of training center.
(a) Assessed contributions from member States, amounting to $45,335.89 (13 per cent);
Biosafety
The Open-ended Working Group will have before it a note by the Secretariat on the work programme of the Open-ended Working Group for 2016 - 2017 (UNEP/CHW/OEWG.9/14).
Haiti
I will certainly put the proposal before His Majesty.
Article 10 The sponsor for establishing a publishing entity of electronic publications shall, within 60 days after receipt of the approval decision, make registration at the administrative department of press and publication in the local province, autonomous region or municipality directly under the Central Government, and obtain a License for Publishing of Electronic Publications as issued by the GAPP.
The Security Council should be enlarged in both categories of membership by adding countries that play an important role in the global arena and in the United Nations framework.
You will never return through the water to your sisters, or to your fathers palace again; and if you do not win the love of the prince, so that he is willing to forget his father and mother for your sake, and to love you with his whole soul, and allow the priest to join your hands that you may be man and wife, then you will never have an immortal soul.
Conclusion:The community-based model of harm reduction in the drug users has been established primarily.
CERD was concerned about discriminatory discourse and hate speech by some politicians; and the phenomenon of dissemination of racism and racial discourse in the media, including through the Internet.
Examples of discriminatory laws include provisions that bar or make it harder for women migrants to bring their husbands and children to join them or require pregnancy tests for women migrants; bars on emigration of women without their guardian's permission; age limits on immigration or emigration that apply only to women and girls; and possible requirements to submit to pregnancy tests on a regular basis or risk deportation if they become pregnant.
Tadjourah Region
The Panel considers that the KPMG report is credible and has relied on the report in considering the Consortium's claims.
In particular, it recommended that Yemen develop legislation and practice prohibiting all discriminatory practices based on descent in employment, housing and so as to ensure equal access to health care and social security services for members of affected communities, in particular the Al-Akhdam.
In principle, making vehicle selection choices at the corporate level through the global fleet management project should allow for more expertise- and evidence-based decisions than has been the norm, as long as the views of country teams and utilization data are taken into account.
A full-time NEX programme coordinator was appointed.
In scientific circles it had been known for months that something was badly wrong with the glacier claim.
After the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, she travelled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 26 August to 6 September 2003 (when she visited the towns of Kinshasa, Kisangani, Bunia and Bukavu) and from 29 November to 10 December 2003 (when she visited Kinshasa, Kindu and Lubumbashi).
II. Consideration of proposals
Specifically, it urges the State party to establish a mechanism for monitoring the activities of the Moroccan authorities responsible for or involved in migration procedures so as to ensure that abuses and violations committed against migrant workers and their family members, such as the confiscation and destruction of their identity documents, are the subject of inquiries and that those responsible are prosecuted and punished in accordance with article 21 of the Convention.
Employment
The house on Beechwood Avenue had a big front yard with shade trees and fruit trees
When Elisha came into the house, behold the lad was dead and laid on his bed
Her illness has left her thin and pale.
1. United Nations Programme on Space Applications
53. The Geographic Information Services Section collects, verifies, manages and stores geospatial data, and analyses that data to derive products for AMISOM, UNSOA and UNPOS planning, briefing, and security operations.
Hong Kong Visual Arts Centre
Organization of work (ICCD/COP(1)/CST/1)
Jane met her with a smile of such sweet complacency, a glow of such happy expression, as sufficiently marked how well she was satisfied with the occurrences of the evening.
With a specific circuit as an example optimal design of the circuit using MLCC were discussed.
Oki-Now-What?
Aitai Riyū/Dream After Dream
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Naqurah.
Examine and revise the recently adopted "Law on Societies" (Mexico, Canada) to ensure that the provisions of this law are in line with international human rights standards and in particular with the right to the freedom of association enshrined in the ICCPR (Mexico); and to remove the government approval requirement in the work of NGOs and take steps to ensure that these changes are put into practice in the interest of encouraging broad participation in Jordanian civil society (Canada); consider amending this NGO's legislation in order to reduce restrictions on their activities and allow them adequate freedom of action (Italy);
(g) Uncontrolled demand from the Federal Republic of Nigeria, which alone can upset all local markets.
The period of validity of the developer's license should longer than the duration of the project activity.
While uniting the democratic parties in their struggle, the CPC has also established close cooperation with personages without party affiliation.
23. Although the danger of the use of nuclear weapons was diminishing, the threat of their use was not.
Medical
Victims of torture continue to be ignored, silenced, abandoned or revictimized.
17. Vice-President Ruberwa was of the view that the general improvement in the security situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo would allow for the holding of the elections without major security incidents.
Fashion goes in circle.
The view was expressed that the relationship between organized crime and intra-State and inter-State conflict was not symbiotic. Organized crime could be transnational and not necessarily linked to such conflict.
Nor, in the case of restaurants, does it actually incentivise the waiter, or help the restaurant manager to monitor and assess his staff.
These sectors provide the vast bulk of jobs in the developing world and they can be made more productive and better paid without adverse consequences for the environment.
The reports ranged from a bear strolling through a college campus to home invasion.
You can have it pulled out or I can fill it for you.
It doesn't interest me if the story you're telling me is true.
556. The Committee recommends that the State party take all necessary measures to protect adopted children even in the extended family, including by establishing a system to monitor and supervise effectively the system of adoption of children, in the light of article 21 of the Convention.
However, men are allowed to have sexual intercourse with other women, but a lawful wife can only file a divorce when it can be proven that the husband supports or honours the other woman as wife.
Names of travel agents
We hope that appropriate recommendations can be implemented as soon as possible.
Love is the essence of human nature.
It thus concluded that there had been a violation by Belgium of article 12 of the Covenant.
54. The Code is global in scope; it covers all fishing activities both within and beyond zones of national jurisdiction and, as such, is broader than the FAO Compliance Agreement and the United Nations Fish Stocks Agreement.
This is a sharp increase compared with the 12,000 registered child abductions in the 11year period from 1990 to 2001.
Effective security arrangements continue to be critical to any possibility of progress.
She would cleverly pick up on what I said.
35. Like Norway, the United States would support a review of the policy of zero nominal growth provided that the United Nations redefined its policies and objectives.
He gets in those rocks,we won't get him.
325. The Committee requests the State party to view its specific culture as a dynamic aspect of the country's life and social fabric and therefore subject to change.
What do you usually do in your leisure time?Do you have any good Chinese friends?
A lucky group of students will profit by an exchange visit overseas.
Strongly urging the leaders to increase the momentum in the negotiations to ensure the full exploitation of this opportunity to reach a comprehensive settlement based on a bicommunal, bizonal federation with political equality, as set out in the relevant Security Council resolutions,
3. We recognize that the primary responsibility for development in LDCs rests with the LDCs themselves, but that international partnership and cooperation is important in this endeavour including with the private sector and civil society,
Photocatalytic and chemical oxidation of organic compounds in supercritical carbon dioxide.
The minimum membership fee is 20 Euro.
Deferred charges -- education grant advances Other Prepayments
Consequently, the Committee considers that the author's complaint has not been sufficiently substantiated for purposes of admissibility, and must therefore be declared inadmissible in accordance with article 2 of the Optional Protocol.
458
In point of fact, my mind started to wake up a bit during this period.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
This was the main objective of the regional strategy for the sustainable return of those displaced by conflict in the former Yugoslavia, which we developed earlier this year.
8.1 Before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must decide, in accordance with rule 93 of its rules of procedure, whether the communication is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
Secondly, adjust and optimize the structure of industry, strengthen the economic comprehensive strength in the county land.
:: North-Northeast Perinatal Health Network (Rede Norte-nordeste de Saúde Perinatal) - designed to reduce health inequalities in Brazil through the articulation of a neonatal network of secondary and tertiary public maternity wards located in the North and Northeast Regions.
The Office also participated in numerous consultations, seminars and training programmes on the needs and resources of refugee women and children as well as in the production and dissemination of documents on these themes.
Moreover, I wish to inform the Council that since I last reported to the Council in January, the processing of the authentication documents by the Government of Iraq has remained slow.
On 10 December 2010, the members of the Committee met for the first time with the Panel of Experts.
United Nations/Kenya/ European Space Agency Regional Workshop on the Use of Integrated Space Technology Applications in Monitoring the Impact of Climate Change on Agricultural Development and Food Security
How do you want to fly, coach or first class?
Would you know where that family could be located now I asked.
“(2) In an insolvency proceeding, priority between the assignee and the assignor's creditors is governed by the law of the State in which the assignor is located.
The results show the thunderstorm-prone areas are concentrated in the west, and the thunderstorms are decreasing from the inland areas to coastal areas.
F. Using aid to stimulate investment
In fact, under article 77, subparagraph 1 (d), of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, one of their functions was examining whether the signature or any instrument, notification or communication relating to the treaty was in due and proper form and, if necessary, bringing the matter to the attention of the State in question.
The Committee finds that in view of the young age of the child, the delay of nearly three years between the placement of the child in CCAS' care and the trial on the child protection application, which cannot solely be imputed to the author, was undue and in violation of the author's and her daughter's rights to an expeditious trial, as guaranteed by article 14, paragraph 1.
7. The Asian Development Bank supports the initiative to develop a "Law on Gender Equality" to refine the legal environment of Mongolia with regard to ensuring gender equality.
To implications of force majeure and accidents;
Support for police systems:
Additional resources would also be required for the per diem costs for the members of the Committee in relation to the additional meeting time, although additional resources would not be required for travel.
Attendant: Coming right up.
5. Commends the Government of the United States of America for the 80/20 rule applied in its import of narcotic raw materials, which has contributed greatly to global efforts to maintain a lasting balance between the supply of and demand for opiates.
Iran seeks compensation in the amount of USD 1,642,109 for expenses incurred in expanding and improving water and sanitation facilities and services at existing refugee camps and in constructing water and sanitation facilities and providing related services at new camps.
I would argue that the answer to that new assault on our shared values is not a closing up or a circling of the wagons, but rather greater openness on many fronts.
As he sat on his bunk that final night, butterflies fluttered in his stomach.
In circumstances where an appeal procedure was an inordinately long two years, but did not concern a very difficult case and needed to be settled promptly in view of the nature of the decision to be taken and the complainant's age, the Tribunal found negligence warranting compensation of $3,000.
Bear in mind, the goal is to achieve a soft or loose - rein stop.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/61/424/Add.2)]
the report of the Secretary-General on the cost-benefit analysis on the issue of the transfer of vehicles with high mileage to the United Nations Logistics Base, to other missions and to upcoming United Nations peacekeeping operations,
Interest income
Thursday, 13 December 2007, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
The third and eighth sessions of the Commission on Sustainable Development, in 1995 and 2000, respectively, focused on agriculture, rural development and land, and determined that agriculture must increase food production in a sustainable way and enhance food security in an environmentally sound way so as to contribute to sustainable natural resource management.
Focusing on the Agency's budgetary shortfalls was an important concern, but the main goal must remain the refugees' right of return, in accordance with the principles of international law, as an essential step on the road to a just peace.
Noting the ever-increasing volume of dangerous goods being introduced into worldwide commerce and the rapid expansion of technology and innovation,
Amputation of a loved one's limbs may an area where you feel violated by that person.
    The Lands Department will resume 107 private agricultural lots with a total area of about 17,811 square metres in Kau Lung Hang, Yuen Leng, Nam Wa Po and Tai Hang areas in Tai Po to facilitate drainage improvement works to alleviate the flooding problem there.
The Government has not provided any other reason for detaining Mr. Rajab other than that of exercising his rights that protected under articles 19 and 20 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and articles 19 and 21 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Given Thich Quang Do's prior detention, on which the Working Group had taken action in 1997, it was feared that he faced imminent arrest and detention.
7. Members of the Peacebuilding Commission invite the Government of Sierra Leone to move forward, with support from the United Nations system and other partners, on strategies and plans for addressing the critical peacebuilding issues identified above, based on comprehensive analysis and a mapping of existing activities.
Hisham Bnay`ish
The Committee notes that UN-Habitat is continuing its efforts regarding the translation of publications, taking into account the targeted audience as well as the availability of resources.
The UNDG Accra preparation group is co-chaired by UNDP and UNICEF.
In fact, the President of the Economic and Social Council, upon the invitation of the President of the Security Council, participated in the public meeting on Africa held by the Security Council on 29 January 2002 under the Mauritian presidency.
8. Also urges Member States to support the efforts of the authorities of the Central African Republic in the economic and social development of the country and in particular encourages international financial institutions to cooperate with the Central African Republic in this regard;
If the applicant is a limited company, please sign by authorized person and stamp company's chop.
Many businesses are reluctant to cash personal checks on out-of-town banks. But with proper identification, you can readily cash travelers checks almost anywhere in the United States or abroad
Number of landlocked developing countries
13. Training programmes23 800
Although we are convinced that the manoeuvring and games have continued, we said that we would wait and see, while others continued to display their intelligence.
You will find the ultimate way to achieve the dream, a dream come true to know the time.
The importance of science and technology was also considered as central to economic growth and to creating a new human-centred and inclusive economic model.
Noting with regret the resignation of Judge Stephen Schwebel, taking effect on 29 February 2000,
149. Major advances were made in putting the new management systems in place (see paragraphs 117–119 above).
Key laws and regulations relevant to OFDI 12
81. The Special Rapporteur claim that the security authorities "confiscated" the religious centre around the Mahdi's tomb is singularly misinformed and reflects on the quality of his information and the utter lack of care which he displays in authenticating his allegations.
Camrose, Alberta
The report of the Commission will also include recommendations on the procedure established in accordance with Council resolutions 1503 (XLVIII) and 2000/3, as requested in Council decision 2001/304 entitled "Confidentiality of the 1503 (confidential communications) procedure".
27. Development should maintain a holistic focus seeking harmony between human beings and nature, simultaneously promoting the protection of rights and meeting the material, spiritual, individual and collective needs of all populations.
Großhartmannsdorf
Revised estimates and programme budget implications: effects of changes in rates of exchange and inflation (A/C.5/59/24)
You see It'snowed heavily in Harbin this morning.
It also noted that the Division reviews and tailors its rolling audit strategy each year so that it is aligned with the needs of UNFPA.
That factor, which limited many countries' capacity to pay, must be taken into account.
(They look for empty seats in the theater
Recalling Security Council resolutions 1258 (1999) of 6 August 1999 and 1279 (1999) of 30 November 1999 regarding, respectively, the deployment to the Congo region of military liaison personnel, and the establishment of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission, the latest of which was resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003, by which the Council also authorized increasing the military strength of the Mission,
In the purpose of wall makes clear general manager of branch of shadow group production more.
E/ESCAP/69/INF/7
Recently, Israel has reacted positively to direct initiatives, learning from the experiences of other regions, as a part of a gradual process of confidence-building.
Of particular importance in this context are the following recommendations:
The meeting rose at 3.45 p.m.
Investment continues to incline to basic industries and infrastructure field.
(a) Piecemeal purchases: At ESCAP, 1,178 purchase orders were placed for nine categories of items in 1996-1997.
I have taken the opportunity to consult with the Bureau and to seek clarification from the co-chairs of the contact groups at the fourth session in preparing a Chair's text that I believe strikes a balance between the various positions espoused by the parties, as captured in the draft text set out in annex I to the report of the committee on the work of its fourth session (UNEP(DTIE)/Hg/INC.4/8).
This might permit an eventual decrease in the number of international General Service staff, in compliance with General Assembly resolution 53/233.
4 S/PV.4130 and resumption 1.
He worked closely with gay-rights groups who spent millions on the advocacy campaign.
38. It would be useful to recognize explicitly the hierarchical nature of ICT, that is stratify them from simple to more complex and start to differentiate between outcomes associated with specific ICT or specific combinations of ICT.
48. Sport for peace and development: International Year of Sport and Physical Education.
Wait till I fix my hair.
For both men and women in the United States and the United Kingdom, a height advantage of four inches equated with a 10 percent increase in wages on average.
Look at your boy: he is your'n, ain't he?
82. Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) said that he wished to associate himself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
It was flat at the beginning of the year, and in early June, was about 0.16%.
Turn around and put the skillfully made operas size sweet dumplings, one after another into the pot.
Part V - Provides for a series of special provisions and regulations to ensure health, safely and welfare of the workers.
Decentralization
As the District Council elections just ended, has your demand for universal suffrage increased or decreased?
The Commission has addressed the issue within the context of other priority themes.
That diversity extends beyond income status, for example to progress towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals, the level of human development, poverty, inequality and other aspects related to their demographic transitions and population sizes.
Libyan Communist Party
Are there chances for employees to be transferred to the oversea brach of the company?
An early conclusion to the Doha Round was imperative, as was reform of the Bretton Woods institutions to give the developing world a greater voice in the formulation of international economic and financial policy.
We also wish these lovable dolls can bring forth many merciful blessing to Ali in his coming future days.
Even though my country does not have a military, it has been able to participate in peacekeeping operations.
16. All 60 tasks of the judicial system reform have been completed.
He made big money in stock market recently.
4. It was so decided.
The latter had problems of poverty too, elimination of which would require the assistance of the international community.
In fact, the increase in resource mobilization is due in large part to increases in funding for HIV/AIDS.
AITPN has participated in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies. It also submitted written interventions and shadow reports to various Treaty Bodies:
The rider pulled on the reins, and the horse stopped.
Cancellation of Prior Years' Obligations
The results of the second round of balloting (first restricted ballot) were as follows:
21. The Committee is concerned about alleged practices of torture and inhumane or degrading treatment of prisoners in police custody and in detention centres. (arts. 7 and 10)
Fear and pessimism could continue to depress the stock market.
Decoration was fundamental to Indian architecture and is seen in the myriad details of figured sculpture as well as in the architectural elements.
"(b) Providing overall orientation and coordinating substantive support for the preparation of inputs to the Economic and Social Council and, in particular, its high-level and coordination segments;
435. On May 4, 2005, the Department of Education announced that the government would make use of the notwithstanding clause of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and of the Québec Charter of Rights and Freedoms for a limited period of time, namely from July 2005 to 2008.
 1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 130 (b) appear in the report of the Committee contained in document A/48/813.
Taxing and spending is perhaps the most fundamental duty of our Congress.
After that, Puss in boots had a pretty easy life of it; and he never caught any more mice except for fun.
The poet wind is out over the sea and the forest to seek his own voice.
you go first and I will go after you,I am not prepare well yet.
When will I know your decision
Will you join with us in visiting museum?
534th meeting
The European Commission, representing the European Community, noted that the European Community had become a party to the Organized Crime Convention in 2004 and to the Trafficking in Persons Protocol and the Migrants Protocol in 2006.
244. The FMU also provides funding for support and awareness-raising activities overseas, including in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan.53
'Not at all.
A/C.2/60/SR.2-7, 19, 22 and 33
The Secretary-General shall prescribe the format and information to be provided in such statements and shall establish procedures for filing them.
Programmes to provide victims of violence with psychological, social and medical assistance existed in Denmark, Mexico, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Spain.
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of Germany, Algeria, the Russian Federation, Pakistan, Turkey, France, the United States, Chile, India and China.
Course Home of Building Programming Experience: A Lead-In to Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs.
Japan is a country where things are regular and well-timed.
As the world is becoming smaller, the number of interracial couples is growing, especially in countries with large numbers of immigrants.
This requirement applies to legal persons and to natural persons exercising a business activity.
89. In the meantime, UNHCR has taken a number of concrete measures to better meet the substantial challenges described above.
In line with Executive Board decisions 98/23 and 99/1, reaffirmed in decisions 99/23, 2000/1, 2002/9, 2004/14, 2005/23, 2006/24, 2007/17, 2008/16, 2009/10 and 2009/20, members were requested to communicate their voluntary contributions to UNDP and its associated funds and programmes, and were encouraged to provide multi-year pledges.
There is an urgent need to address the human rights situation of women, in particular violence against women, their sexual and reproductive health and their economic independence.
If a pensioner is not entitled to a pension at the full rate, the pension will be fixed on the basis of the ratio of the actual period of residence between the ages of 15 and 67 and a period of 40 years.
His delegation believed that the Integrated Training Service should interest itself in that initiative.
The Board went on to recommend that the Administration obtain approval for the policy and implement it (ibid., paras. 95-96).
The organization did not participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council or its subsidiary bodies, in major conferences or other United Nations meetings during the reporting period because it focused its activities on the development and implementation of the Suzan Mubarak Museum for Children -- Suzan Mubarak Family Garden and the project of developing 100 schools (see below).
In this case, therefore, the national staff recruited by the proposed support office would be either Kenyans (at the headquarters in Nairobi) or Ugandans (at the secondary logistics hub in Entebbe).
F. Decision XVI/___: Draft decision on multi-year exemptions submitted by the United States of America
505. A community engagement model is being introduced by the Government to involve the wider community in policy and decision-making.
Le Bourg-Saint-Léonard
The Permanent Mission of the United States of America to the United Nations presents its compliments to the President of the General Assembly of the United Nations and has the honour to inform her that the Government of the United States is presenting the candidacy of Ms. Deborah Wynes for re-election to the United Nations Joint Inspection Unit for the term 2008-2012.
 15. Multilateral financial institutions, the United Nations system and other intergovernmental organizations, including regional and subregional organizations, should increase significantly their effective capacity to address sustainable development.
8,100 troop manned checkpoint days (5 per checkpoint, 5 checkpoints per day for 324 days)
This could be the beginning of a trend, and if that were the case eventually the trend could somehow be reflected in the disciplines to emerge out of the GATS or its Annex on Air Transport Services.
Sabiñánigo
In some situations where a Special Representative of the Secretary-General has been appointed, generally with a wide mandate that covers political, security and humanitarian concerns, the humanitarian coordination component falls under the authority of the Special Representative supported by a Humanitarian Coordinator.
Africa needs barriers to its exports removed, as well as assistance in overcoming the problem of external debt and a commitment to meet the agreed target for official development assistance.
A workers'strike unauthorized by their union.
The Working Group considers that the core of its mandate is to serve as a channel of communication between relatives of disappeared persons (or non-governmental organizations) and Governments.
"(b) To evaluate and follow up the efforts made and the progress achieved by the United Nations system in the field of information and communications;
This particular Internet design feature has lowered the cost of accessing social development information services for all.
Enterprise management system has not affected the efficiency of the reorganization of enterprise assets.
The blueschist was formed owing to intercontinental subduction.
24. Viet Nam noted efforts to help vulnerable groups and legislation enacted on gender equality. It welcomed efforts to eliminate FGM and the worst forms of child labour.
(e) The incidence of diseases of the blood and the blood-producing organs throughout the population was 1,304.1 per 100,000 of population.
10. In accordance with article 2, paragraph 3 (a), of the Covenant, the State party is under an obligation to provide the author with an effective remedy. The remedy should include an impartial, effective and thorough investigation into the circumstances of the author's son's death, prosecution of those responsible, and full reparation including appropriate compensation.
The river weaves through the woods.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced sections 27A to 27G of Part VIII (A/54/7).
9. Welcomes the steps taken by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights towards establishing a field-based structure in the Republic of Korea to strengthen the monitoring and documentation of the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, to ensure accountability, to provide the Special Rapporteur with increased support, to enhance the engagement and capacity-building of the Governments of all States concerned, civil society and other stakeholders and to maintain the visibility of the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, including through sustained communications, advocacy and outreach initiatives;
Shandong area had become one of the main mass emigration birthplaces during the Period of the Wei-Jin and Southern-Northern Dynasties.
33. The policies of the wealthy countries were the cause of poverty in the developing countries.
Those new and existing challenges are grim reminders that we need to hasten our efforts to resolve pending issues that have long threatened international peace and security.
Not long after starting the classes I was able to move from a stuffy room that I shared with a roommate to a condominium with high ceilings and two bedrooms.
The roughening process of unsaturated polyester resins and its technological criterion were described.
Or call the stored procedure to decompose the XML document. The stored procedure and its description is as follows
Grenada
Request for further clarification (16 May 2012)
** The author was represented by Mr. Raj Anand from Scott and Aylen, a law firm in Toronto, Ontario, until 1998.
137. States concerned should ensure that a designated body has responsibility for determining specific standards to be met regarding, in particular, the criteria for selecting carers in the host country and the quality of care and followup, as well as for supervising and monitoring the operation of such schemes.
Mobile office will make your career unimpeded20, and will realize the dream of completely free communication.
Report of the sixth session of the Working Group on Communications under the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
The incident highlights how easy it can be for anyone with access to confidential information stored online to abuse it, regardless of any systems that are in place.
South-south dialogue on successful green programmes and projects opens a wealth of knowledge transfer possibilities;
The wide range of valuable unarmed applications for civilian, law enforcement and military purposes, such as reconnaissance and intelligence gathering or peacekeeping, was referred to by the members of the Board.
E-mail Juergen.Helbig@ec.europa.eu
I could hear the wheels churn along the bank but I was not entirely certain that I could see the shore.
322. The topic of focus for the next meeting of the Informal Consultative Process, to be held in 2012, is "marine renewable energies".
Province of Asti
Report on the fourth session of the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests
I can only talk Turkey with positive, serious to eat, the Turkey with to watch TV.
MINUSTAH troops also distributed food and water and cleaned up the main streets.
Her face was alight with happiness.
So, we settled on(8) self-reports as a good, albeit(9) imperfect, measure
19. In recent years, there has been a trend in some retentionist States to reduce the crimes for which the death penalty can be imposed.
This fact means there are some relations between Hakka dialectal groups and Gan dialectal groups.
Sometimes, if it's raining, I'll catch the bus.
Illiteracy rates were particularly high in the Black Sea area, among older women and among rural dwellers who had migrated to Istanbul. The Government's goal was to ensure 100 per cent school enrolment of both girls and boys, regardless of ethnicity, by 2005.
I'm going to sell the car tomorrow.
It is therefore recommended that the police, judicial, corrections, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration, mine action and security sector reform support functions be brought together under the Office of Rule of Law and Security Institutions.
The boss expected us to hold together in an emergency like this.
On the island of Annobón (500 km by sea from the capital, with a population of about 1,000), the persons responsible for a riot against the authorities were found guilty in 1992.
Administrative Services
As shown in figure 12 on the following page, the shares of these groups have shifted from 1997 to 1998 as follows: UMDCs have maintained a low share of slightly over 4 per cent; international institutions improved theirs from 8 per cent to 9 per cent; contractors from donor countries in general registered a reduction from 30 per cent to 16 per cent; the share of NGOs rose from 19 per cent to 24 per cent; and contractors from developing countries improved their share from 36 per cent to 47 per cent.
Building awareness of resource conservation and an environmentally friendly society.
173. Total full costs for activities envisaged in connection with organizing the open-ended seminar under operative paragraph would amount to $60,300.
22. At the plenary meeting, on 28 August 2006, the Group of Governmental Experts devoted time for the consideration of the status of CCW Protocol V on Explosive Remnants of War.
Either the right of appeal by the prosecution, and thus the possibility of securing a conviction by the higher court, is recognized; or it is denied, thus preventing the prosecution from challenging the sentence; or an indefinite and interminable series of appeals is set in motion.
Serbia, Russian Federation
She could confide to him her alarm and uneasiness for her brother.
Taboo
(r) "Transfer of assets derived from acts of corruption" shall mean [...];
31 July 2010
At times, you may feel insecure while being with a man belonging to Capricorn zodiac sign.
Small frankfurters wrapped in biscuit dough and baked.
s a good habit to do morning exercises.
At the same time, special representatives keep in contact with the Abkhaz de facto authorities to provide clarity in respect of the actual state of affairs.
A UNOPS supervision mission in February/March 2001 recommended the establishment of closer linkages between the technical, socio-economic and sociological aspects of the project.
Security Council Communications to the President of the Security Council
He urged UNIDO to assist Benin in finding additional sources of funding for the programme.
I wish to go over them, even though they are set out in the official document circulated by the presidency this morning, which sets out precisely in both Spanish and English the proposals of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela.
UNIDO activities in the field of energy and environment (item 9)
It also threatens to tarnish the successful completion of the Tribunal's mandate and presents an obstacle to fulfilling the international community's commitment to international justice.
The unit or individual undertaking construction may not apply for the performance of the procedure for the beginning of construction until after acquiring the permit for a planned construction project.
He has been like this, in order to continue to sacrifice their own fish and Aberdeen.
21. As regards extrabudgetary resources, it was noted in document E/2007/22/Rev.1 that the total reserves and fund balances of the Trust Fund in support of the United Nations Forum on Forests as at 30 September 2007 amounted to $2,983,737.
Peru
1. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Also by 13 October, additional national contingents of police monitors will have arrived in Puerto Rico to undergo the three-day orientation course to prepare them for onward deployment to Haiti.
The storey element mode for irregular isolated structure is suggested in this paper.
(b) In other cases, where the detention may not constitute a danger to a person's health or life, but where the particular circumstances of the situation warrant urgent action.
11. Items relating to the International Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda
We created our circumstances by our past choices.
This concept has gained in relevance in the intervening years as the global commitment to the reduction of poverty, as embodied in the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), has underscored the critical importance of promoting economic growth as a vehicle for wealth creation and social progress.
The public image of the FDIC, which was created during the Great Depression, comes and goes in waves.
Noting with concern the continued threat posed to international peace and security by Al-Qaida and other individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated with it, and reaffirming its resolve to address all aspects of that threat,
The Council's move to provide an opportunity to discuss its draft report informally with Member States was a welcome innovation.
Averageb National staffc
14. Status and promotion of UNCITRAL legal texts.
6. Some delegations also expressed support for guidelines related to acceptance of reservations although it was unnecessary to make too much of the distinction between a tacit acceptance and an implicit acceptance.
OTHER MATTERS (agenda item 13)
In practice also there do not appear to be any legislative, policy or administrative actions taken by the Government, which contravene provisions of the Convention on basis of the declaration.
:: It was suggested that the position of some disabled people - people receiving treatment for mental health conditions, BSL users - who cannot be jurors, should be reviewed.
Indicators of achievement
After all, in contrast to global jihadist groups like the Islamic State and al-Qaeda, Hamas has often flirted, however obliquely, with a more conciliatory approach toward Israel.
The international community should continue to focus on development and adopt bold, specific and practical measures to turn words into actions and creating new opportunities for global development.
While the numbers declined steadily from 2003 to 2008, they climbed to 294 applications in 2009, the highest since the turn of the century.
Throughout the first two years the bodies of these young colts or fillies will be growing tremendously quickly.
And where better than here, at Georgetown University, to seek to blend the scholarly with policy?
Nucleation of vapor on AgI is the principal process to produce seeding ice crystal.
Recalling the Brazzaville Declaration on Cooperation for Peace and Security in Central Africa, the Bata Declaration for the Promotion of Lasting Democracy, Peace and Development in Central Africa and the Yaoundé Declaration on Peace, Security and Stability in Central Africa,
I need to go find a passenger with trigger finger.
State responses were received from Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Burkina Faso, Chile, Congo, France, Guyana, Iraq, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar, New Zealand, Norway and Peru.
The article suggests a general rise in affluence may at least partly account for the perceived time famine.
Cooperation with industry was also recommended.
The tube interfaces the Boroughs of London.
Detainees should not be denied reading material and other basic amenities.
St. Lucia
4. In order to enable the General Assembly to take the required action, it will, therefore, be necessary to reopen consideration of agenda item 15 (c).
In particular, work is being done on the Ekran series of geostationary spacecraft to improve the reliability of the control unit, stabilization of load stress and hermetic leakproofing of the gas-circulation systems.
What does the computer industry thrive on apart from anarchy?
30 March 1988
I wouldn't ever do that.
3.3 Despite the request and reminders sent by the Committee to the State party asking for a reply to the author's allegations (notes verbales of 8 January 2001, 17 October 2001 and 28 October 2003), the Committee has received no response. Committee's decision on admissibility
I didn't think I'd see you again.
(d) Resolution 58/126, entitled "Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly";
Reports called for streamlining funding procedures, and GEF procedures in particular.
 Part of the work of FAO involves improving knowledge of wind-energy potential, and monitoring and analysing wind-power generating systems for decentralized rural electrification schemes.
Piracy flourished in the Caribbean because of British seaports such as Nelson's Dockyard, Antigua, and ports in Barbados.
I can't even go to the psychologist and pretend it is for "help to stop smoking. "
These are some of the factors that continue to hinder the progress of rural women.
It also urged the various organs of the OIC system to take effective measures in order to broaden the scope of their cooperation with relevant international and regional organizations and groupings.
Percentage
The Advisory Committee is of the opinion that the staffing capacity in support of the Panel should be re-evaluated in the light of experience gained after one year of operation.
76. In order to create an enabling legal framework, States must ensure comprehensive equality and non-discrimination legislation.
He passed out after three beers.
Zimbabwe c
72. The Committee encourages the State party to continue to prevent and combat malnutrition in children with all appropriate measures, through budgetary allocations in favour of children to the maximum extent of available resources and, where needed, within the framework of international cooperation.
Communication No. 22/2002 (POEM and FASM v. Denmark) concerned two Danish organizations1 promoting the rights of ethnic minorities.
Sugar, while not the dire poison some of its critics make it out to be, has no nutritional upside either.
The establishment of a global futures market is to become the world's major financial centers.
(b) Five copies of signed invoice,indicating contract number and shipping marks.
Looking ahead The Joint Inspection Unit, over the years, has contributed to most of the major reform areas in the United Nations system through the preparation of high quality reports and making relevant recommendations.
In areas affected by the arrival of displaced persons, UNICEF provided support for water supply development and improved sanitation.
In contrast, the percentage of countries that responded negatively to this question remained relatively stable, at 55 per cent in 2010 and 58 per cent in 2012.
It has already achieved the MDG related to gender parity in primary and secondary education, and is on track to attain other MDGs.
(h) Promote distance learning, including at the secondary and tertiary levels of education through ICT, in order to build needed capacity and as a means of combating brain drain;
 If the United Nations is truly a place of final recourse for terrorized people and beleaguered nations, should not the United Nations especially the Security Council bear some modicum of guilt for these terrible tragedies?
18 October 1994
The Government has sought to address infrastructure needs, especially on the island of Providenciales, which has a high population growth rate.16
Parties in the Syrian Arab Republic
UNRWA continued to assist refugee families unable to meet basic needs for food, shelter and other life essentials through the special hardship programme.
4. Advantages for the United Nations in granting observer status to the International Development Law Institute
2.Please inform us by return whether we may book your order at these revised price
And, indeed, US President Donald Trump’s administration has resisted the case at every turn.
I do not believe that any corresponding criticism of the piecemeal method can be offered.
839 Valborg
They should ensure that transit transport services are operated efficiently and smoothly, without undue delays or costs to imports and exports for landlocked developing countries.
Use high - temperature net belt to press , so as to add adhering ability of the product.
Renewed attention will also be given to the reconstruction of war-torn areas.
The average monthly number of requests was 4,267 during the entire period, and this figure has been rising gradually since the end of June 2005.
This is a very special ice cream shop because it combines with a bowling alley in Hyde Park Town, Massachusetts.
Policy and Strategic Planning Division
Greenhouse gas emitters
Where they stopped, dense thickets of cedars and junipers and birch crowded the roadway on both sides.
A. Enhanced decentralization process -- Regional bureaux as one-stop shops
The Conference invited the Secretariat to continue to present to it for its consideration information on ways of working in the area with other relevant United Nations entities.
 68. Mrs. CASTRO de BARISH (Costa Rica), speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, expressed satisfaction at the adoption of the draft resolution.
The antifungal effect of miconazole nitrate emulsion is strong, while mucosa irritation of its inclusion compound is not obvious.
(c) To report transgressions, if found;
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room E (NLB)
Representation of women is also growing, with currently around 1,500 of them serving in different positions across the Afghan National Security Forces, including five female pilots in the Afghan Air Force.
I prefer the country to the town & it's comparatively clean and quiet.
Verheugen proposed that carmakers meet rules of the United Nations, which like the European rules, are designed to ensure that vehicles are safe.
It is hoped that these discussions will result in a reduction in I+P programme expenditures by transferring these to the overhead account.
It must be understood that in developing the capacity of public servants, efforts should also include strengthening the institutions, structures, processes and legal frameworks through which they work.
The secretariat would also appreciate it if documents submitted for processing were provided both in hard copies and in electronic versions.
Said and be sure to do, even the very silly, again silly than promises were made to be broken.
Reference is also made to Norway's third periodic report in compliance with the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, paragraphs 221267.
Building on the report presented by the Institute at the forty-third session of the United Nations Statistical Commission, this report recalls the main challenges to the collection, production and dissemination of crime statistics at the national and international levels, and it proposes a number of activities that need to be conducted as a matter of priority.
67/287 and 67/288
32. Third, various national, regional and global initiatives show that expanding the traditional role of cartography and aligning it with the management of geospatial information and spatial data infrastructure is greatly needed to cater to an extended base of information-users, who require not only maps, but also location-based applications and services.
The State party notified the Committee that the complainant had left Sweden on 20 November 2010.
Hide my face in your arms, Mother.
“A considerable decrease in violence directed against Jews in Western Europe was registered in 1995 at the database of the Project for the Study of Anti—Semitism.
The Centre comprises various entities, including the Assisted Reproductive Technology Unit, which helps families address reproductive issues, including artificial insemination and infertility; the Documentation Unit, which runs the Information Centre and the Library and carries out translations; the Research Department, which consists of the Reproductive Health Research Unit and the second-largest unit, which is dedicated to medical demography, biostatistics and informatics; and the Islamic Jurisprudence Unit.
The following section briefly describes each of these mechanisms with reference to national experience.
We have tried to resolve this problem by defining an immediate approach, which proposes a plan that evolves over time and that could, in the long run, enable us together to find the most appropriate formulations acceptable by and for everybody.
 (x) Technical cooperation among developing countries in Latin America and the Caribbean (relates also to item 91 (d));
:: Provision of assistance in relation to the reporting obligation under the Convention
The risk does not have to meet the test of being highly probable, but it must be personal and present.
5 roses: I love you very much
25. Progress in country-level preparations is being closely monitored through follow-up missions and through the above-mentioned coordinators.
We do the best we can.
The Annual Register. A Record of World Events
809. Paragraph 2 of article 12 protects an individual's right to leave any country, including his own.
Can there still be any doubt about it?
My delegation believes that what is needed today is not a wall, but a political solution and a renewed commitment from the international community that would resolve the conflict altogether.
The issue of equitable representation assumes that there is inequity in the makeup of the Council.
For the game to go on indefinitely, you must maintain the trust of the other players.
Receiving the two contracted host countries contribution in Swiss franc and Euro respectively.
As HR professionals, we never need to do memorizing or calculating work.
Reconsidering the Practice and Importance of Constructing Eco-civilization
67. Ahead of the migration season, UNAMID continued to promote peaceful coexistence among farmers and pastoralists by engaging with local stakeholders in inter-group dialogue over the sharing of access to natural resources.
Photographic displays.
Problem: No Privacy Policy page is listed on a website.
The PICC Property and Casualty Co. Ltd. has been named the official insurance partner of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games
Causing a commotion: The controversial app asks parents if their son likes Madonna
High-Intensity Discharge Automobile Headlamps High-intensity discharge (HID) automotive headlamps are metal halide lamps that produce light when an electrical arc is initiated between two electrodes, vaporizing the metallic salts, mercury and xenon.
Total
Although Christians have largely sought to remain neutral in the conflict, they have become involved gradually, some by taking up arms and others as victims of kidnapping and violence.
Are you doing this for business or as a hobby?
(e) To continue to assist with the drafting and implementation of legislation to promote and protect human rights;
Structured products such as subprime mortgages alone accounted for as much as 18% of Lehman's and 14% of Citi's revenues.
For this reason, many designers steer clear of both types either out of disgust or because of a fear of looking amateurish.
There were also worrisome signs of the gradual acceptance of the de facto nuclear status of States not yet parties to the Treaty which had failed to renounce the nuclear weapons option.
However, in parallel with liberalisation of capital markets, prudential rules and supervision must be further developed to avoid the risks resulting from turmoils in financial markets.
On August 17, 2008, Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo met in Zhongnanhai with visiting Japanese Foreign Minister Masahiko Komura, who is here for the Beijing Olympic Games.
The Commission also created a new mechanism to protect the human rights of indigenous peoples -- an appropriate step in the context of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People and the preparations for the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance.
Statements were made by the Officer-in-Charge of the Regional Disarmament Branch of the Office for Disarmament Affairs, the Director of the United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa, and the Director of the United Nations Regional Centre for Peace, Disarmament and Development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
New rules should not seek to stigmatise China.
5.1 On 14 July 2004, the complainant informed the Committee that, on 17 June 2004, he and his family were arrested and brought to a detention centre, awaiting expulsion the next day.
Citizens of the Republic of Slovenia employed by foreign companies;
 They are committed to avoid trade frictions and facilitate access consistent with fair trade practices and their respective trade laws.
II. Organization, structure and membership
Steel company has a good supply chain, to provide parity in southern Jiangxi steel.
Set a Deadline.Set a date by which you will reach your goal.
It should be recalled that Commission resolution 1998/77 emphasizes that States should "refrain from subjecting conscientious objectors to imprisonment and to repeated punishment for failure to perform military service, and recalls that no one shall be liable or punished again for an offence for which he has already been finally convicted or acquitted in accordance with the law and penal procedure of each country".
 112. In winter, when heating is a priority, the unemployed are entitled to an additional benefit of 140 leva per month as compensation for increased electricity and heating bills.
In some villages, these militias amount to 10 to 15 per cent of the overall population.
10 - 14 November
In the context of the class action, such islands were regarded as part of an environmental whole consisting of the entire atoll ecosystem.
Pseuderesia
2. Directs the Secretary-General to negotiate the transfer of UNIKOM's non-removable property and of those assets that cannot be disposed otherwise to the States of Kuwait and Iraq, as appropriate;
"Two,--one here and one there.
Moreover, many old players through a return to the "journey of nostalgia Edition" found that an old friend, the old lover.
This assassination of Congolese refugees on Burundian soil is the work of the enemies of peace and of peaceful cohabitation in our subregion.
13. Payment modes and banking services
Source: Ministry of the Civil Service, Labour and Administrative Reform, Civil Service staffing table, 2004.
 Fact Sheet No. 1 (Human Rights Machinery) has also been updated but the text is on hold pending the outcome of the restructuring process currently undergone by the High Commissioner for Human Rights/Centre for Human Rights.
III. Technical assistance activities and the financing of such activities under treaty implementation mechanisms
That is a truly astonishing accomplishment over a relatively short period of time.
The reduction in the number of preschool institutions is connected with the difficult economic circumstances, the privatization of enterprises, and budgetary problems.
This Commission drew up a list of areas of first priority.
.. = not available
In this respect, due regard should be given to the judicial workload of the Tribunal.
He became angry that you made the same mistake.
P-2
9. Expresses concern that the economic growth and social well-being of landlocked developing countries remain very vulnerable to external shocks and to the multiple challenges the international community faces, and stresses the need for the international community to enhance development assistance to landlocked developing countries;
I feel the delicate symmetry of a leaf. I pass my hands lovingly about the smooth skin of a silver birch,orthe rough shaggy bark of a pine
Equatorial Guinea
OIC Contact Group on Somalia (at the ministerial level)
The “action” officer was Secretary of State Dean Rusk.
Therefore, the average heat sink temperature decreases as air number increases.
There is an urgent need to enhance transparency in mining, including financial accountability.
Further recognizing the key role that the Green Climate Fund will play in channelling financial resources to developing countries and catalysing climate finance,
Outside the walls, welfare and regulatory services fall into disuse but market forces continue to operate.
CFB Schedule End
The twenty-second Universal Postal Congress was scheduled to be held in Beijing, from 23 August to 15 September 1999.
UNEP/GCSS.XII/6
112. As a consequence, Resolution 54/183 went on, "the entire population of Kosovo has been affected by the conflict".
Development and maintenance of the greenhouse gas data interface
For example, MAF work in Ukraine is a joint intervention supported by the poverty and the HIV/AIDS practices and MAF work in the Lao People's Democratic Republic is developed by poverty and democratic governance experts.
2.3 These Guidelines can be used by States; implementing agencies; judicial authorities; local governments; organizations of farmers and small-scale producers, of fishers, and of forest users; pastoralists; indigenous peoples and other communities; civil society; private sector; academia; and all persons concerned to assess tenure governance and identify improvements and apply them.
Efforts to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms are carried out in the schools through programmes of education in civics, ethics and peace, which represent a new demand on Congolese society.
An SCM repository contains every version of your source code that has ever existed.
The competent authorities receiving the information shall comply with a request that said information remain confidential, even temporarily, or with restrictions on its use.
 8. Urges States to ensure that, in the course of their official duties, members of law enforcement bodies, civil servants, educators and other public officials respect different religions and beliefs and do not discriminate against persons professing other religions or beliefs;
The need for better coordination among all partners was underscored.
31 January 2005
LL: No, you didn't lose your cool, you were calm.
Even though it is simple sounding, our message is a radical break from the past, when favouritism, cold-war intricacies and double standards consistently broke the spirit of the people in the region.
I enjoy moaning about bad science in films as much as the next physicist but you can be certain that no one enjoys hearing it!
This continues to have a negative effect on mutual confidence and prevents the adoption of procedures that could help to stabilize the situation during critical periods.
His hair is short and curly.
82. In addition to those made above, the Committee makes the recommendations to States parties set out below.
Q: How can I improve my writing if I cannot write complete sentences
(b) Assets freeze: Luxembourg's legislation on the financial sector establishes professional obligations and codes of conduct that must be observed at all times and in an ongoing manner by financial institutions.
ABB Lummus states that the fifth and sixth (final) instalments (in the aggregate amount of USD 1,600,000) represented the "profit component" under the Polystyrene Contract.
Babies who use many gestures to communicate when they are 14 months-old have much larger vocabularies when they start school than those who don't, US researchers said on Thursday..
Article 1 44 - 48 12
The effective solution would be to establish a clean system where nobody dares to be corrupt.
Individual to family
Old Glynn he knew how to make that instrument talk, the vibrato : fifty pounds a year they say he had in Gardiner street.
micro-enterprises, prevalently active in the tertiary (roughly 70%), average project investment amounting to roughly Euro 100,000, strong prevalence of individual businesses (62%).
III. Resource requirements under section 34 (Safety and security) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010–2011
The United Nations Office at Nairobi successfully installed and was already using the electronic patient management system used in other duty stations.
Marijuana Policy Project Foundation
Leading services sectors were in the traditional areas of the medical, teaching, accounting and management, consultancy professions.
And they're immersed in an electrolyte made of positive and negative ions dissolved in a solvent.
The matador stood there proudly, sword in hand, poised11 to make the kill.
In addition, full-time Directors are being appointed in Buenos Aires, Copenhagen, Harare, Mexico, New Delhi, Ouagadougou and Sydney, among others.
With over 30 years of development, relations between China and Europe have now reached an unprecedented level, both in depth and in breadth, despite our differences in ideology and social system.
Human rights defenders who report on the human rights situation inside their countries to the outside world, in particular to special procedures, provide an invaluable source of information.
I'm sure there will be other opportunities to tell Kung Fu Panda stories.Q:I heard a Kung Fu Panda series is up to six films, and is likely depending on the overall performance of the initial film's release.
The President: Statements will therefore be limited to explanations of vote.
The Joint Investigation Team noted the following areas of concern:
Guiding principles
Orson, what are you doing here?
Ballot papers marked A, B, C, D and E will now be distributed.
I don't want her to know about any of this.
Both parties considered that the convening of the conference was desirable.
ISSN 0257-0807
Success in this endeavour will provide the legal foundations for the institutions of a peaceful democratic Afghanistan.
S-300 missile system
In relation to those aggravated corruption offences, the first part of section 8 CC allowed for the direct applicability of article 42 of the UNCAC.
Report of the Human Rights Council
He's merely parroting what many others have said.(
However, this is only advisable to those units that have no more warranty.
Bagrus
The Committee will begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2008, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2.
The conclusion was that we might consider the United States proposal in the context of in-depth discussion or consideration not on the agenda.
Coordination of technical assistance activities
Unsurprisingly, the wealth effects of monetary easing worked largely for the wealthy, among whom the bulk of equity holdings are concentrated.
If turnover was insufficient and staff had to be terminated before the end of the mandate because their skills were no longer needed, staff would be eligible for termination indemnities if they otherwise met the requirement;
He asked that in the coming months, the Board discuss environmentally sound and economically sustainable alternatives to its current practices.
Outputs
The failure to shift agriculture policies more rapidly in the direction outlined above has been costly – to the sector itself and to the international community.
As a result of his continuous head and mouth pain and hearing loss in his left ear, the author consulted a oral surgeon at the Pamol Lobe Estate Hospital on 17 December 1998, who, in a letter dated 4 April 1999, confirmed that the author's jaw bone was broken and partially dislocated and that his left ear drum was perforated, recommending surgery and antibiotics as well as anti-inflammatory treatment.
Turkey and Europe: Two Trains on a Collision Course?
53. Zambia established the Judicial Complaints Authority, under the Judicial (Code of Conduct).
No, cause we got a good taxi service where we live.
3. States Parties shall consider entering into agreements or arrangements with other States for the relocation of persons referred to in paragraph 1 of this article.
24. San Marino attaches great importance to the protection and promotion of children's rights and allocates considerable resources to adequately protecting them during all phases of their lives.
2,2',3,3',6,6' hexabromobiphenyl
Under the new contractual regime, successful applicants would be offered fixed-term appointments which, subject to satisfactory service and provided that there was an ongoing need for the post in question, could be renewed.
At the twenty-second session of the Assembly, in 1967, during the debate on the law of treaties, the delegation of Sweden referred, with approval, to the Belgian comment.
35. The advantage of this option is that it is straightforward and linked directly to an existing statutory provision.
I have to  my visit as I"ll be very busy next week.A.
14. As to human rights, the situation has deteriorated sharply, with new patterns of repression such as the abduction and rape of family members of political activists.
The aim was to establish a framework of rights and freedoms for foreign nationals that guarantees the full exercise of fundamental rights for all and the gradual introduction of other rights in proportion to the length of legal residence in Spain.
(b) Normative work to assist States in the ratification and implementation of international treaties, the development of domestic legislation on drugs, crime and terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and the provision of secretariat and substantive services to the treaty-based and governing bodies;
Avada Kedavra The  of green light illuminated every corner of the room.
Republicans, it seems, support fiscal expansion only when they control the White House.
any opinion or endorsement by the Secretariat of the United Nations.
Is it not a curious affair?
He added in a moment, " And she was the most innocent. "
115. The organization of the use and maintenance of water distribution points not only facilitates women's involvement in water distribution management, notably in the areas of payment methods and financial management, but also ensures a drinking water supply that is adapted to the needs of different types of users, primarily women.
Without that resource, which currently supports peacekeeping, returns on investments would be jeopardized owing to the need for timely research and execution of foreign exchange and fixed-income trades.
under the pilot phase (decision 5/CP.1)
 It would contain an analysis of persistent problems and challenges and emerging trends that would need to be addressed by the international community within the next four to six years, and the role of the Organization in that undertaking.
50. In response to the question concerning the Arab world, he said that one of the motives behind the Arab spring had been the acute lack of jobs for youth, but beyond that, there had been a sense of inequity: those who landed jobs were often those with connections.
The extent and pattern of poverty vary internally, as the Human Poverty IndexHPI varies significantly from region to region.
The representative of Turkey stated that as an emerging donor, it had provided official development assistance that had averaged over $100 million annually since 1997.
EXAMPLE: A skillful janitor can clean windows perfectly with just a bucket of hot soapy water and a squeegee.
(m) building, repairing, converting or equipping of the ship;
That guy you’re going to sell your car to?
Israeli occupying forces, dressed in civilian clothes, entered Balata refugee camp and directly fired at close range at Mr. El-Sumari.
Braine, Aisne
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) carried out a regional review of the WSIS outcomes in Asia and the Pacific in 2013, identifying areas of progress and continuing challenges.
In Macbeth this supernatural grace is set beside the supernatural evil.
59. A need to enhance ongoing efforts to strengthen cooperation and coordination among stakeholders, including United Nations entities, Member States, youth organizations, the private sector and others working on youth development, particularly at the national level, was cited by ECA, UNFPA, UNICEF, UN-Women and UNWTO.
KU seeks compensation in the amount of US$36,272,151 for relief paid to employees, to include social security contributions of US$4,731,150 paid by KU in respect of its employees.
In 2011, concerns were also raised with regard to the number of enforced disappearances by the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances.
The above is the views of the Chinese Delegation on relevant proposals in Secretary-General's report.
(h) Conduct monitoring at factories and industries on apprenticeship training;
Briefing on "The operation and procedures of the United Nations reports on military expenditures" (organized by the Conventional Arms Branch, Office for Disarmament Affairs (ODA))
(d) For multispectral investigations of land-cover changes;
Yet the right of expulsion must not be abused".
SACCOS
Parties agreed on further definition of the scope of the review and development of its modalities, including how the key inputs such as the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change will be considered.
Item 5 - - Illegal Israeli actions in Occupied East Jerusalem and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory - - Identical letters dated 20 September 2013 from the Permanent Observer of the State of Palestine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S] - - 4 pages
Revolutionary Marxist Party
For instance, as can be seen in table 2, the Commission on Population and Development, acting also as preparatory body for the five-year review of the International Conference on Population and Development, addressed the full breadth of the issue of enabling environment, while other commissions (the Commission on Human Rights, the Commission for Social Development, the Commission on Sustainable Development) addressed its sub-themes.
To address this imbalance, the report suggests, within its eight recommendations (equally divided between those directed at legislative bodies and executive heads), several steps that organizations can take to create a more balanced age structure, including measures to attract young professionals and a review of the standards of eligibility for junior level posts.
I hope that I shall never again have to undergo such unpleasant experience.
The surge in the number of meetings held is expected to continue for some time, although it may not be at the same rate.
10. The situation in Georgia (8 October 1992; 15 June 2009).
 (b) The provision of remedial lessons and intensive courses;
These GM grain crops could be on the market within the next decade.
The claimant provided a chart comparing the pre-invasion and post-liberation rents charged.
10 July 1990
Commending the efforts of the Secretary-General, his Special Representative and the personnel of ONUMOZ to implement the mandate fully,
Some of the challenges faced by the members of the Committee are the ability to effectively mainstream human rights in the government policies as well as to collect data and to formulate reports related to the implementation of the Action Plan.
Headquarters Committee on Contracts cases
In addition, we sell all kinds of brand products stands ready to provide technical support.
The methodology has also been promoted by the Economic Commission for Africa and the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia.
Progress in the implementation of General Assembly resolution 53/192
During the period under review, Palestinians, including children, have been killed during Israeli military operations (which included shelling, artillery fire and air strikes), search and arrest operations, undercover operations, border incidents, and targeted killings, either as targets or as innocent bystanders who have been cynically described as "collateral damage".
104. At the 4th meeting, on 14 September 2007, the High Commissioner made a statement.
11. Recognizing that there are still considerable gaps and unmet needs in space technology and GIS applications for addressing disaster risk reduction in member States, particularly in high-risk and low-capacity developing countries, the Committee requests that the secretariat support the member States, upon request, in enhancing their capacity, taking into account national specificities and needs.
In 2007, WHO revised its income recognition policy, whereby income is recognized upon signature of donor agreements and not when it is received.
She showed great courage.
The Secretary-General therefore reiterates his appeal to Member States and to intergovernmental, governmental and non-governmental organizations to contribute to the Trust Fund of the Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa in order to enable the Advisory Committee to fully implement its programme of work.
"Noting the active role of the United Nations in enhancing international cooperation in family-related issues, particularly in the area of research and information,
Delegations wishing to participate in any of eight ministerial-level round tables to be held in the context of the High-level Dialogue, on Wednesday, 29 October 2003, are kindly requested to come in person to the List of Speakers area of the General Assembly Affairs Branch (room S-2940) to inscribe.
The State party should take urgent measures to bring the conditions of detention in police stations, prisons and other places of detention into line with the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners, as well as with other relevant standards, in particular by:
There's no-one.
Quarterly employment and unemployment rates in nine Latin American countries
Feasts were prepared in Kenya, the homeland of President Obama's father; students in the Indonesian capital, Jakarta, gathered to watch the inauguration in the elementary school Barack Obama attended as a child
(b) The UNIDO financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting and have not been adjusted to reflect the effects of changing prices for goods and services.
The three nations were selected on the basis of their contrasting experiences in training and preparation for peace-keeping missions as well as the possible differences between their European and developing country perspectives.
These officers shall be elected so as to ensure the representative character of the General Committee provided for in rule 10.
Mr. Cabeiro Quintana (Cuba) said that the achievements of UNIDO as contained in the annual reports for 2009 and 2010 were commendable and provided a sound basis for the attainment of the Organization's broader objectives.
As a result of those efforts, the outcome document included a significant expression of support from the assembled Heads of State and Government for the implementation of the Convention.
We must try to reflect credit on our Alma Mater.
" "I am sorry, but I can't help you
The advice provided in the guide will aim to achieve an appropriate balance between the need to facilitate private participation in infrastructure projects and the need to foster the interests of the host Government and the public.
Some States parties who claim that they do not discriminate on grounds of ethnicity, language or religion, wrongly contend, on that basis alone, that they have no minorities.
(c) Human resources development.
I realize that the children can not garden for two hours. The two hours include a simple craft, and puppet play related to the season.
Turkey's economy rebounded strongly and GDP reached 9.2 per cent in 2010 and 8.5 per cent in 2011, driven by consumption and exports.
Naela Gabr
To further the leadership and management skills of staff, representatives, and deputy and assistant representatives in the country offices underwent an appropriate training course.
There are few statistics that are more disappointing than this.
The contingent commander concerned installed wire mesh within the military camp perimeter fencing to prevent direct contact between the peacekeepers and the local population -- a problem identified by OIOS in 2004.
Royal Society of Canada: (1996). A review of the INSERM Report on the health effects of exposure to asbestos: Report of the Expert Panel on Asbestos Risk.
The Committee also calls on the State party to take measures towards changing social, cultural and traditional attitudes that remain permissive of violence against women.
March 1998: Member of the follow-up committee on the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The activities described through the present report have been undertaken by the temporary capacity made available through ad hoc arrangements.
Following an explicit invitation by the Government, the Regional Assistance Mission to the Solomon Islands (RAMSI) led by Australia, was assembled and deployed under the auspices of the Pacific Islands Forum's Biketawa Declaration and in accordance with the provisions of the United Nations Charter.
5. The Fifth Committee recommends that the General Assembly appoint the Court of Audit of France as a member of the Board of Auditors for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 July 2001.
The group met in Geneva in October 1996, April 1997, and July 1997.
States must be aware of indigenous peoples' sensitivity that climate change law and policy simply provides the latest justification for state assertions of control over indigenous peoples, a form of neocolonialism/neo-domination.
And then, in chapter 4, we did pre-market research for learning about what on earth the requirements of VIP customers.
China supports the efforts of the Secretary-General to ease tensions in the Middle East and to promote a political settlement.
The Deputy Secretary-General of UNCTAD assured delegations that UNCTAD would strive to increase the utilization of Portuguese and French in its work.
637. Women accounted for 37 per cent of the 111,550 people served by the Training Support Programme in 2004, representing a two percentage point increase on the 2001 figure.
:: Establishment of cooperatives in six municipalities.
At the close of the reporting period, appeal proceedings are ongoing for 10 accused, 27 are currently on trial, and one accused is awaiting judgement.
The Board has examined the training plan and concurs with the Administration's comments here
Chapter 11 - Rights of the Controlling Party
1. Passport Law
B. The question of defining terrorism
Accordingly, the Procurement Division introduced yearly management reviews of procurement activities in the field in order to identify and report on performance, weaknesses, areas of risk and ongoing challenges, and to recommend appropriate action for improvement of the procurement function.
Rapporteur: David Nelson (Canada)
An experiment indicates that the method of fuzzy recognition of chatter state is efficient, and more close to the practical case.
In the same period 82 responses were received.
While these circumstances do not raise an issue under article 16 of the Covenant, the initial denial of Mrs. Mónaco's standing effectively left Ximena Vicario without adequate representation, thereby depriving her of the protection to which she was entitled as a minor.
 Concurrently, Latvia will uphold its obligations under international human rights law.
It will, she said, force China to choose between North Korea and a United States-led international consensus rather than split the difference between the two.
They declare their readiness to continue and as necessary augment this support.
Temple of Understanding
(b) Improved capacity of African countries to promote efficient, transparent and accountable civil service and public enterprises, including effective service delivery and other public goods
BiH H-105 mm
Tuesday, 27 March
People don't usually talk to me like that. Ok?
(i) For jointly controlled operations where UNIDO is the operator, UNIDO recognizes in its financial statements the assets it controls, the liabilities and expenses it incurs.
 (c) Strengthening enforcement of regulations on illicit transnational trafficking in firearms, with a view to both suppressing the use of firearms in criminal activities and reducing the likelihood of fuelling deadly conflict;
My shoe has been pressing against my foot, so it huits a bit
The National Guard of the Republic of Cyprus has already established a specialized mine action centre that will provide technical assistance during the demining process.
I anticipate that most of them will have been fully implemented by September.
He makes them to replace the ones that die, so there will be enough people to take care of things on earth.
IV. Request for observer status in the Assembly 5. At its 143rd meeting, the Assembly considered requests for observer status by the Deep Sea Conservation Coalition and by the Committee for Mineral Reserves International Reporting Standards, two non-governmental organizations, and decided to invite both organizations to participate as observers in its meetings, pursuant to rule 82, paragraph 1 (e), of the rules of procedure of the Assembly.
It was called the Sunwell, (sacret) found of untold power, in centuried, every final of our veil.
The better internationalized an application is the easier it is to localize it for a particular language and character-encoding scheme.
Well, most of them.
Its functions are to serve as a source of information for the country's leadership on the human rights situation, and to study and monitor the situation as regards law, judicial decisions and administrative orders in the sphere of human rights.
The sky is red when the sun rises.
VIII. Health and HIV/AIDS
3. Summary of recommended awards for the claims of Kuwait 30
E/CN.7/2009/L.26
Other speakers referred to the added value of UNODC at the regional level in facilitating dialogue between States and technical assistance providers.
The free - trade area is the type of a function of liberal economy area.
Oregon Route 126
Report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women
Oh, oh, let's put a side the fact that you "accidentally" picked up my grandmother's ring and you "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
Additionally, pre- and post-test counselling protocols may not be followed, even when required by law.
(j) Expenditure.
According to statistics, during the 20 years from 1978 to 1997, Xinjiang completed and put into operation more than 50,000 projects, including 64 large and medium-sized ones, with fixed assets totaling 190 billion yuan.
 The most important tasks for the United Nations now were to prevent further human rights violations, enable refugees and displaced persons to return to their homes, rebuild trust and conduct elections.
(e) The status of land degradation at the national and subnational scale and the driving forces and pressures leading to resources degradation for the pilot countries.
37. The Abyei Joint Oversight Committee is tasked with: (i) supervising and promoting security and stability in the Abyei Area; (ii) exercising political and administrative oversight of the Executive Council of the Abyei Area Administration (AAA); (iii) determining and advising on the size of the Abyei Police Service; and (iv) supporting UNISFA in the discharge of its mandate, including the creation of the necessary safe conditions for the return of internally displaced persons and demining of the Area to guarantee their safe resettlement.
Commitments that after review are no longer considered valid shall be cancelled and the resulting credit surrendered. If after 12 months of the ensuing budget period an outstanding commitment continues to be valid, it shall be recommitted against appropriations of the then-current financial period.
I am crabby when I am hungry.
Our lightning speed knocked the enemy completely off balance and struck fear into its heart.
Egg-grown vaccines should be avoided in egg-sensitive patients.
The voting was as follows:
Learn all the rules and know when and why to break them.
27. Without challenging the role of experts, he agreed that the envisaged "Forum" must be based primarily on the will of countries.
Articles 137 and 154 of the Code prohibit the furnishing of any assistance, means of subsistence, accommodation, shelter or supplies to any offender, whether the act committed is an act of terrorism or not, and the procurement of weapons, equipment or machines used by such person to achieve his criminal objective. They further prohibit collecting funds for such person, providing him with a meeting place, offering him any assistance, bearing his messages, helping him to find the object of the offence or concealing or transporting the offender.
Good morning/ afternoon/evening.. How are you(this morning/afternoon/evening)
They also expressed their concern at the impact that such unilateral acts could have on the independence of the functioning of international organisations and the multilateral system as a whole.
I would like to commend those Member States that have reported taking concrete steps to enhance national policies and strategies that advance sport for development and peace, including by addressing gender equality and women's empowerment.
According to relevance theory, DMs function as constraints on the process of utterance production and interpretation.
10 July 1998
Qualifications and other conditions regarding membership of the International Narcotics Control Board
For people retiring at age 60, the difference between living to 80 and living to 90 is enormous: in the latter case, their pensions would have to pay benefits for 50% longer.
Year
And you used to smoke   too   didn't you?
Stories of adventure thrilled him.
Years
In this connection, information on the training plans and related requirements proposed for the mission for 2008/09 are contained in paragraphs 71 to 74 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/62/751).
88. In accordance with the programme of activities under the contract, no mining equipment design and test was carried out.
In 2009, UNODC assisted States by supporting illicit drug crop monitoring and alternative development programmes within the framework of poverty alleviation and sustainable development.
76. On this last point, the exemptions granted NGOs for fiscal year 1994-1995 cost the Treasury 139,962,692 gourdes, or a monthly average of 12,723,881 gourdes.
Outreach activities carried out in 2009 in the framework of the United Nations Platform for Space-based Information for Disaster Management and Emergency Response
14. In order to encourage hosts of regional meetings to avoid the display of national symbols, both parties and the European Union facilitator undertook to inform the relevant regional organizations about the agreed principles.
I'm taking sam to the lodge to meet the boys.
123. Finally, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 65/248, it is proposed that two P-4 posts (Supply Officer); seven P-3 posts (1 Air Operations Officer, 1 Meteorological Officer, 1 Supply Officer, 1 Movement Control Officer, 1 Geographic Information Officer, and 2 Transport Officer posts); five P-2 posts (1 Associate Air Operations Officer, 2 Associate Meteorological Officer, 1 Associate Engineer, and 1 Associate Geographic Information Officer posts), and 45 Field Service posts (4 Air Operations Assistant, 3 Meteorological Officer, 7 Engineering Assistant, 10 Water and Sanitation Technician, 10 Transport Officer and Vehicle Technician, 3 Movement Control Assistant, 2 Logistics Assistant, 5 Supply Officer, and 1 Geographic Information Assistant posts) be abolished.
1. Opening of the session
Tranås Municipality
1.1.6 Absorbed Serbian "parallel structures", in particular in the fields of education and health care, into the structures of the new municipalities
The proposed revisions to the Financial Regulations were organized into twelve broad categories, summarized in paragraphs 6 to 20 of the report.
8. Institutionalization
This paper introduces the maintenance measures of HIS, including computer management, power guarantee, network and framework.
As a result, China might wish to consider a nomination in 2013 for manufacture of CFCs in 2014 that would meet all its future needs.
3. Review of 2011 plans and budgets 79-82 17
Where relevant, please also indicate the number of child casualties due to armed conflict, as well as the number of children displaced because of armed conflict.
"42. Requests the United Nations development system to further enhance the effectiveness of gender specialist resources, gender focal points and gender theme groups, inter alia, by establishing clear mandates, ensuring adequate training, access to information and to adequate and stable resources and by increasing the support and participation of senior staff;
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
2. All disputes arising out of the interpretation or application of this Agreement shall be referred to an arbitral tribunal unless the parties have agreed to another mode of settlement.
It's just that there are so many people at the mall today.LH: My bad Badmy bad
(c) Member States wishing to organize or participate in group meetings during the general debate period shall be encouraged to coordinate their responses to the request for preferences and to indicate this transparently in their responses;
Advanced research using subscription databases (from 10:00 to 12:00)
Future activities
At the time this really helped crystallize our thoughts on how invisible and direct we would like any interface to be.
With special activity, the preparation and uses of Zinc Ferrite have attracted more and more attention.
The gaps between the existing human rights framework and the actual challenges older persons were facing should be resolved, and best use should be made of the existing framework.
Several referred to national amendments and other measures to facilitate the ratification and implementation of the recently adopted Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime.
Civil society, not just political parties, may need to play a role in such a reflection.
His delegation also noted the view of the Committee on Contributions that the current individual rate of assessment of the least developed countries (0.01 per cent) should remain as an element to be considered for the next scale.
"We hope the problem of rent payment default will be alleviated when the direct payment arrangement becomes effective," he added.
On the other hand, applied rates in developing countries are, in practice, often quite low.
Ambassador
Consequently, it becomes increasingly important for the study of stability of surrounding rock and its forced condition of the structure during construction of highway tunnels.
But we believe it is our responsibility to reject options that are not likely to be feasible and not to encourage the United Nations to fund any tribunal that is unlikely to meet the minimal standards of justice.
No less significant an observer than William White called the speech nationally divisive.
 61. With regard to the proof referred to in subparagraphs (a) and (b), the view was expressed that, in emergency situations, an interim or only recently appointed representative might not be in a position to produce the documentation required by article 7.
At the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council for 2001, it was also underlined by several Member States that a condition for greater integration of the UNDAF framework in the national development process is wider participation of the national stakeholders in all stages of formulation and implementation, in which CSOs are among those actors considered indispensable.
How to gain a better understanding of the policies, approaches and best practices of donors with respect to future funding for stockpile destruction, victim assistance and other operative areas of the Convention in a long-term perspective?
In court, they proved that they, indeed, owned the melody.
Original: English
Birth registration was also essential in order to ensure that the law recognized and protected children with disabilities and that violations of their rights did not go unnoticed.
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.70.
42. Inspections, seizure and disposal present particular challenges.
Warning. Malfunction detected.
6. At the 9th meeting, on 17 October, the representative of Kuwait made a statement on sub-item (c) in exercise of the right of reply (see A/C.2/62/SR.9).
SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL ADVICE
To strengthen the current news operation, therefore, the Editorial Section has been moved to the Media Division, which has been renamed the News and Media Services Division as an indication of the Department’s sharpened news focus.
In the southern city of Shenzhen, local authorities co-operating with the FBI and industry investigators had targeted 14 groups producing or trading counterfeit software that was sold around the world
Assets are reported at acquisition price and are not adjust upward.Objectivity.
14. In addition, and as part of the Office for Inspections and Investigations' new responsibilities in this area during the 1994-1995 biennium, in-depth evaluation studies will include, but not be limited to, activities that fall under one or other of the following categories:
www.un.org/ru/ecosoc
[All are invited to attend.
Some speakers reported having taken steps to bring their national legislation into conformity with the requirements of the Protocol against the Illicit Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms, Their Parts and Components and Ammunition, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
The concept of the movie thus becomes reality to the viewer, a heavy thing to think about and something that hasn't been done before.
Someone must have left the tap on, for the water was running over and flooding the bathroom.
Based on data from cantonal health-care offices, the majority of those obliged to pay contributions (more than 50 per cent) do not fulfil their obligations and do not pay the contributions so that over 90 per cent of realized revenues from contributions for compulsory health insurance are revenues from contributions paid by employers.
Fraud and trickery still exist despite repeated bans.
outstanding external debt outstanding loans outward-looking, outward-oriented country overaccrualsRecording more money than was actually spent in a set of accounts, for an item
The forty-ninth annual Department of Public Information/Non-Governmental Organization Conference held from 10 to 12 September 1996.
At that time, consumption of ODS was almost 1.8 million ODP tonnes a year.
57. Cooperation between FARDC and MONUC on disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, reintegration and resettlement improved as part of operation Kimia II, especially with respect to collaboration in launching disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, reintegration and resettlement mobile teams in areas of FDLR concentration.
When you are unable to say no, you lose credibility.
Promotion of an equal and just society was the best way to tackle poverty.
The following information relates to persons who have applied for asylum but who have not had an asylum claim determined.
The economic context
Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly
One speaker expressed the view that, while it was premature to speak of a negotiation process, if negotiations ultimately did take place, the process should generally follow the precedent established by the negotiation of the Organized Crime Convention and the Convention against Corruption.
(f) At 0750 hours on 29 March 2000, United States and British F-14, F-15, F-16 and EA-6B aircraft coming from Saudi and Kuwaiti territory penetrated Iraq's airspace in the southern region.
Resource changes result from four factors, namely, (a) technical adjustments relating to the removal of non-recurrent requirements and addition of delayed impact for a reclassified post approved in 2012-2013; (b) new or expanded mandates and inter-component changes; (c) resource changes in line with General Assembly resolution 67/248; and (d) resource changes reflected in the report of the Secretary-General on the budget outline for 2014-2015.
Was it innate, artificially constructed and learned, or due to accidental environmental circumstances?
“(b) On depositing its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession of this Convention, a State which is not a party to a treaty listed in the annex may declare that, in the application of this Convention to that State Party, offences specified in that treaty shall not be treated as offences within the ambit of this Convention.
Announcement of Tender and Invitation for Quotation
Non-contributory pensions - number of payments made
In addition Wuchang Hankou and also between the ferry you can choose.
Instead, arrangements are driven by specific field conditions.
This paper introduced how to conduct the pressure test and leakage test for joint coupling of heat exchanger.
Letter dated 20 August (S/1998/779) from the representative of Turkey addressed to the Secretary-General, and enclosure.
Objective To observe the preventive effect of electrotherapy with Chinese herbal medicine on post - stroke constipation.
In economic terms, the situation -- overshadowed by extreme poverty and endemic diseases continues to be a source of serious concern for the majority of the countries of the planet who are considered to be the poorest.
She can't free herself of the idea that someone's watching her all the time.
By central offices?
b. Emergency Law No.12/1951 on Firearms and Explosives Materials;
Now Joseph was the governor over the land;
Three men swam together with him.
Many parents who breast-feed believe it can boost a child's immunity, protecting against a number of allergies.
16. From 28 October to 1 November 2012, the Special Rapporteur attended the seventeenth Annual Conference and General Meeting of the International Association of Prosecutors, held in Bangkok, and organized a panel discussion on the theme of the prosecution of organized crime.
A. Work of the Committee regarding the transport of dangerous goods
Experience has shown, as recently as late last week, that the Council's ability to deal with pressing international crises promptly and effectively is affected by the veto or the threat of use of the veto.
More than 50 per cent of cereal requirements come from commercial imports and food relief programmes.
Suddenly she stopped and turned to me．‘Miss Havisham may want us to spend more time together in future． But in that case I must warn you that I have no heart．I can never fall in love．’
In addition, in 2011, from the operational perspective, projects and programmes approved under UNIFEM, UN-Women continued as per previous arrangements, while transitional measures were put in place to roll out the new strategic plan for 2011-2013 which was approved in June.
" The count listened and said no more.
You must practice a sentence again and again until you master it.
Your syncording is not on him.
The present report has been prepared in response to that invitation.
I can hold down the fort over here, okay?
We have written our dissertations day in and day out for a whole term, without a holiday.
H.E. Mr. Paul Biya, President of the Republic of Cameroon, addressed the General Assembly.
Next steps for the steering committee and the working groups include the following:
Children are undergoing fast physical development; lack of physical exercise may produce disastrous influence on their later life. 53.
European countries such as Portugal and Spain have adopted the HMB technology developed by Brazil.
www.un.org/french/ecosoc
Are we going to invade others?
The World Bank has estimated that the poverty in Gaza and the West Bank (i.e. less than $2.10 per capita per day for consumption) will rise to 43.7 per cent by December 2001 from the level of 21 per cent in November 2000.
198. In case No. 1274/2004 (Korneenko et al. v. Belarus) regarding a violation of article 22, paragraph 1, the Committee considered that the author was entitled to an appropriate remedy, including the re-establishment of "Civil Initiatives" and compensation.
(d) The anti-impunity policy of the Presidential Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law Programme;
Action on sub-item (b) was taken at the 21st and 37th meetings, on 24 October and 1 December 2011.
The New York bull is a much photographed, climbed and stroked sculpture, a globally recognized icon.
110. Apart from developing the minimum set of performance indicators, a methodology is needed to guide Parties in the use of the indicators.
It is an adaptable colour which is attractive on many people.
Justice Benaja Widdup felt that the point demanded judicial decision.
Paper presented at a workshop for women Members of Parliament, Ministers and Deputy Ministers on "Enhancing the Effectiveness of Women Parliamentarians, Ministers and Deputy Ministers", Accra.
When the Pontifical Academies of Sciences and Social Sciences and some of the world’s top earth and social scientists met at the Vatican in April, the libertarian Heartland Institute, supported over the years by the Koch brothers, mounted a fruitless protest outside of St. Peter’s Square.
The draft resolution recommended to the Assembly for adoption is set out in paragraph 11 thereof.
Finally, the Registrar may terminate the appointment of a staff member who holds a permanent appointment if such action would be in the interest of the good administration of the Tribunal and in accordance with the standards of the Rules of the Tribunal, provided that the action is not contested by the staff member concerned.
Bucharest Stock Exchange
Compliance with established procurement procedures
The development of guidelines and codes of conduct would set clear expectations and performance indicators for the industry.
The Constitution guarantees aliens the freedoms and the rights and duties laid out in the Constitution, federal law and international treaties (art. 66).
He will be assisted by two Deputy Coordinators, located in Baghdad and Arbil, respectively.
Parses structure of melody and automatically recognizes its key and harmony . 2.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Microtubules locate at two spindle poles in most types of animal cells.
Am I your punishment for passing on Search and Destroy?
18. Recommends that the Secretary-General ensure coordinated follow-up to the recommendations concerning indigenous people of relevant world conferences, namely, the World Conference on Human Rights, held at Vienna from 14 to 25 June 1993, the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, held at Rio de Janiero, Brazil, from 3 to 14 June 1992, the International Conference on Population and Development, held at Cairo from 5 to 13 September 1994, the Fourth World Conference on Women, held at Beijing from 4 to 15 September 1995, and the World Summit for Social Development, held at Copenhagen from 6 to 12 March 1995;
Trump’s executive order to ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US has been rejected three times in court, and the White House now says that it will not appeal the case to the Supreme Court.
Mr. Hagege (Ethiopia) said that although his Government continued to meet its international obligations, especially to its creditors, its external debt remained high; Ethiopia urgently required external assistance.
0.2 full-time equivalent professional position
Long-time rivalries among tribal groups -- encouraged during the conflict by the parties -- still exist.
We hope that the draft resolution will be adopted by consensus and thereby offer support and encouragement to CICIG and the Government of Guatemala in the difficult and important tasks ahead.
Item 107 (b). Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
3. League of Arab States and its Steering Committee on Violence against Children
Fifty-third session
UNRWA and ICRC have been compelled to supply water by means of water tankers.
As a result, more and more people are making their family a priority.
Viet Nam welcomes and highly appreciates the encouraging outcomes of these developments.
This paper firstly expounds several kinds of strategies of region economy development in theory, and also prove that it is requisite to implement sustainable development strategy.
3. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to the Governments and United Nations agencies and to the staff of the Department for Economic and Social Affairs who assisted me during the reporting period.
This period, he has created his representative works poetry anthology "Leaves of grass Collection" (1855). in 1861 the US Civil War erupted.
Sport is sweetest when there be no spectators.
Several normalization initiatives achieved within the buffer zone with a hospital facility (partly within the buffer zone) cleared in Sector 4, a housing area cleared in Sector 2 and a road reopened for the public in Nicosia
14. A Lebanese fisherman went missing on 22 October.
34. All Parties agreed that the thematic topics approach was useful and that it added value and insight to the information provided in the country reports.
Where possible, note the nationality or cultural or ethnic sources of names/aliases.
Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina [148]
However, the low level of awareness on the party list system, along with the inexperience and lack funds of the sector parties, has so far limited its impact.
(b) Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions (rule 158; decisions 55/309 A of 16 October 2000 and 55/309 B of 6 December 2000);
In that connection, the transfer of one P-4 post and one General Service (Principal level) post is proposed from section 29 to section 28A.
Under rule 28 of the rules of procedure, a Credentials Committee consisting of nine members is appointed by the General Assembly at the beginning of each session on the proposal of the President.
The system has already spread to more than 10,000 households in East Africa by means of town meetings, national radio broadcasts and farmer field schools.
Bon voyage! Have a great time!
An enhanced global collaborative effort is called for to confront the proliferation of challenges affecting the lives of the majority of our citizens.
My foster family found a foster mother for me.
We are pleased that the outcomes of the meeting of the Balkans Contact Group in London demonstrated the clear intentions of its participants to work together to achieve a stable Kosovo settlement.
II. Technical cooperation and assistance activities
This change is consistent with the global trend towards a more comprehensive approach to operational risk management.
t know what you are talking about.
The 2008 Legislative Council elections
Burkina Faso stresses the need for the United Nations, particularly the United Nations Voluntary Funds, to support the implementation of national programmes in favour of persons with disabilities.
I have always found it a pretty fair challenge.
Make it an hour and a half.
If successful, it could be replicated in other cities.
The very hubris of French claims alarmed the other powers.
Programmes In 2000-2006, the "Protection of Reproductive Health" project was implemented in cooperation with international organizations.
Only visible light and radio waves from the cosmos can be detected at sea level.
Firing of weapons by armed persons against
You certainly never thought of seeing me so well off.
The Board is composed of five persons with relevant experience on issues affecting indigenous populations, who serve in their personal capacity as United Nations experts.
Noting with satisfaction the work undertaken to implement the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction and the substantial progress made towards addressing the global anti-personnel landmine problem,
Be aware of at least two escape routes from any area where you work.
Transfers over a given amount may require the central bank's prior approval.
As many of these taxes are traditionally understood to be the prerogative of the customary leadership in Ihana groupement, this practice by APCLS has damaged its relationship with the local population.
The Labour and Welfare Bureau will conduct in-depth studies on how to improve the Old Age Allowance Scheme and seek views from various sectors of the community.
The Committee also agreed to address letters to a number of Member States as part of its follow-up of the Group's recommendations.
The focus on rule of law has a direct bearing and positive effect on the promotion and protection of human rights in Nigeria.
Togo
The current staff of the Office is the group least ill-equipped to carry out that task, notwithstanding their workload, which is already heavy.
These two regions differ greatly in climate.
According to the indictment, Mr. Yasuda was a legal and adminstrative consultant for Sunzu Enterprise real estate company.
Look at that! Look at that!(!) !) !
363. The Committee was also concerned about acts of violence against women in their private sphere.
His TV
B. Specific recommendations for follow-up
It also requires the flexibility to buy and sell sovereign debt securities in secondary markets.
The costs of implementing the Millennium Declaration Goals had been mapped and would be discussed in Monterrey.
According to the State party, these recent amendments contradict the authors' assertion that the verdict in the Sjolie case would serve as a precedent, and that it will be more difficult to prosecute dissemination of ideas of racist discrimination and hatred.
He jumped into the nearest cab standing by.
In Guinea-Bissau, political instability has had a direct and negative effect on the economic situation in the country, which in turn has severely undermined the Government's ability to tackle the huge problems in the education and health sectors.
These in turn could help elaborate more "SIDS-sensitive" joint activities and donor funding.
It is no exaggeration to say that since the financial crisis, China has been in the driver's seat.
In terms of humanitarian assistance, the various humanitarian agencies and institutions continue to work to assist displaced persons.
All right, men, let's go. Move!
IV. Submission and consideration of communications 9 - 21
Scoping missions and support for country-led food security clusters were deployed in Afghanistan, Côte d'Ivoire, Haiti, the Horn of Africa, Libya and Nepal.
Cannon Hill Park is one of the premier parks in Berminham and has been awarded Green Flag status. With beautiful flowerbeds pools and a wonderful collection of trees it's easy to see why.
Delegations encouraged UNOPS to continue strengthening internal audit, oversight and risk management functions; and acknowledged the important role that the organization could play as a provider of services to the United Nations family.
Second session of the Preparatory Committee, New York, 22 August-2 September, 1994;
Mauritania Mr. Lemrabott Sidi Mahmoud Ould Cheikh Ahmed 6
Since the early 90's, America has been on a big health kick.
11.30 a.m.- Room 10 Subject
As the campaign warmed up in that country, hired assassins had been brought in.
Fund managers are human too and subject to behavioural biases.
Still, some are skeptical of the basic concept of using starch to create fuel.
C. Compliance with the regulations concerning page limits
stimulate During her campaign, she predicted that the tax cuts would help stimulate job growth of 450000 over four years.
More dead than alive, he looked around him.
On 26 February, Mr. Soro declared that unless all key issues of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement were addressed, his movement would not lay down arms before the October 2005 elections.
No matter what parents will always be there and give everything they could to make you happy.
Firstly, he wondered if the guiding principle described in the 1981 legal opinion had been brought before the General Assembly.
Joint statement by the People's Republic of China, France and the Russian Federation
She didn't put up with what sucks about you, right?
The representative of Malaysia informed the Meeting of mechanisms that his Government had introduced to monitor the implementation of national policies and issues facing persons with disabilities.
What're the laundry service hours , please?
A: There is another unit of condominium in the same area for RM2300.
Wittbek
For each registered communication the Secretary-General shall as soon as possible prepare and circulate to the members of the Committee a summary of the relevant information obtained.
A sustainable solution was urgently needed and the General Assembly must provide the Committee with sufficient funding to carry out its important mandate.
Streetlights above him, yells around him, he was clinging to the sidecar for dear life
321. The understanding of health espoused by the Office is based on the comprehensive concept of living well, and has a spiritual dimension founded on the duality of and women.
In addition, the Subcommission had invited the delegation to meet as needed during the thirty-third session of the Commission to provide its views and general conclusions.
The Advisory Committee on National Minorities, a committee comprised of 18 independent experts which gather with the Committee of Ministers, monitors the implementation of the Convention, and has concluded that the recognition of a group of persons as constituting an indigenous people does not exclude persons belonging to that group from benefiting from the protection afforded by the Convention.
The map groups activities into different chain links, consisting of relatively homogenous products in terms of their technical characteristics of production such as common raw materials, intermediate products or products sharing similar production technologies.
It can be a sign of allergy problems and certainly you need to be very careful about what you eat drink or take as medicine.
Geyser, Montana
Along with native foods like lemon grass and capers, he raises bok choy, tomatoes and corn, sometimes with the help of volunteers who come to work for a month or so in return for food and lodging.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 23 October 2002, at 10 a.m.
135.23 Make additional efforts to fight against corruption and promptly accede to the United Nations Convention against Corruption to ensure that society can better benefit from the economic and commercial development of the country (Turkey);
mixed motive bargaining (several issues at stake) with two and with more than two parties, auctions and fair division.
The practical running shows a good effect.
Cat shuts its eyes while It'steals cream.
D. United Nations Revolving Fund for Natural Resources Exploration
In the 15-to-30 age bracket, they now make up 42 per cent of all jobs.
109. For another section of the agricultural population the distance of their places of residence from the capital cities of their respective states, and even from Mexico City, has for years restricted their ability to benefit from the Mexico-Canada Programme for the Temporary Employment of Farm Workers (PTAT).
One A major reason is prematurality the death rates are among the highest in the world.
Flight altitude record
Is raising at least one child under 8 years of age or a disabled child;
Detainees are said to spend most or all of each day locked in these allegedly overcrowded cells.
Paraguay
The African Union, along with the HelpAge International, has been playing an important role in closing the gap and coordinating regional efforts to address issues of ageing.
But if things get worse, baby steps in the direction of further easing might not do the trick, pushing the central bank to be even bolder.
Providing required information related to Chinese steel industry, and trading needs of SteelOrbis members as defined by SteelOrbis management on a timely basis.
From the ridgeline above the dome-shaped hive, where the Pack had been Guardian-configured, Wolff had been able to observe the Skull's fiery treetop passes.
Department of Defense Directive 5210.65 specifically addresses requirements for safeguarding chemical agents and chemical weapons awaiting destruction.
Income and expenditure
Health Care for Older Women
I picked up the book on the street.
In addition, the team collected information concerning 39 rape and sexual assault cases.
In order to reflect the multi-sectoral nature of the Strategic Approach, the secretariat will work in coordination and/or cooperation with the participating organizations of IOMC, the United Nations Development Programme and the World Bank as well as with other intergovernmental organizations, as appropriate.
2.8 On 27 October 2000, the petitioner had a second interview with the IND.
Israel was impervious to the calls for it to comply with international humanitarian law in the knowledge that it was immune to any United Nations resolution adopted.
The benefits resulting from enhanced RAM practices, including for staff members themselves should be better explained in training sessions.
2009 natural disasters in the United States
The President: The Assembly will now hear a statement by His Excellency Mr. Jens Stoltenberg, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway.
Everybody sees the second line net of major success swim again, their great majority can make an user relaxed freely, need not cost too much energy to be able to have game.
In this regard, the UNESCO Holocaust Education Programme includes policy design and awareness-raising, capacity development and advocacy work.
4.1.3.6.7 Prior to filling, the filler shall perform an inspection of the pressure receptacle and ensure that the pressure receptacle is authorized for the substances to be transported and that the provisions of these Regulations have been met.
15. Ms. González expressed satisfaction at the conscientious responses provided to the Committee and highlighted the progress made in the area of legislative reform.
The newly married couple are really a happy pair.
t answer even my letter. I will too go!
Well begun, half done.
Fire Safety Information
Table 1
In addition, the Commission agreed that the preparation of lists of common features present in typical fraudulent schemes could be useful as educational material for participants in international trade and other potential targets of perpetrators of fraud to the extent they would help them protect themselves and avoid becoming victims of fraudulent schemes.
The delegation of Côte d’Ivoire believed that the urgent implementation of the Plan of Action was a major concern of African States, in order to halt Africa’s decline and enable its industrial sector to play a decisive role in the economic transformation of the continent.
11. World Youth Foundation
Acrylic emulsion containing 10 % carboxyl was prepared by way of soap - free polymerization.
The characteristics of the UHF MSK burst - mode signal are analyzed.
This severe and urgent situation has presented the international community with a daunting challenge.
United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Submitted by the President of the Eighth Meeting of the States Parties on behalf of the States Parties mandated to analyse requests for extensions
(c) To decide that the new arrangements be implemented as of 1 January 2007.
Welcoming also the report by the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance on the situation of Muslims and Arabs in various parts of the world (E/CN.4/2006/17),
The retreat to more realistic price levels should give the fragile economy a bit of a boost.
25. The Agency regretted that, although the Democratic People's Republic of Korea had accepted some of the inspection activities, it had not accepted others.
Research on the operation of the PRA commenced in late 2006 and will be presented to the Prostitution Law Review Committee in late 2007.
In addition, various forms of discrimination are also discussed in lectures presented by the Institute regarding trafficking in women.
However, his delegation would have liked to see more detailed information on how United Nations agencies, funds and programmes cooperated among themselves at the country and regional levels and on their relations with the relevant national authorities. Those aspects had been insufficiently reflected in the report of the Secretary-General.
(ii) for those cluster munitions referred to in paragraph 1 of Article 5 - the entry into force of the Protocol for it or at the end of any period of deferred compliance pursuant to paragraph 3 of Article 5; and
Table 30 Age-specific fertility rate of women aged 15-19, Curaçao, 1995-2000
The child allowance amount has been equalled for all children and the uniform right to the allowance has been revoked.
Agenda item 142: Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (continued)
We are heartened to note that the Secretary-General has accorded high priority to the Millennium Development Goals and to the medium-term plan in proposing a programme budget for 2004-2005.
Unfortunately, we suffer from certain shortages, including seeds, fertilizer and equipment, as I will show in a moment.
It brought thee hither
His splendor covers the heavens, And the earth is full of His praise.
Now the engineers were searching area wide to turn out the first idea.
Rule 104.4 (c) further provides that the subprogramme structure shall, to the extent possible, correspond to an organizational unit, normally at the divisional level.
The fears of explosion are somewhat exaggerated: LNG, being liquefied, is far less flammable than gasoline.
In 2009, the European Region reported no locally acquired cases of Plasmodium falciparum malaria for the first time.
 28. Signals intelligence consists of several categories.
I would also like to commend the staff of UNMIK for their continued dedicated work and commitment to Kosovo and the goals of the United Nations.
The Panel recommends no compensation for losses related to business transaction or course of dealing.
In one case, the requirement of double criminality was applied to offences committed abroad by or against a national, but this general principle was not applicable in respect of active and passive bribery of national and foreign public officials and members of Parliament and, additionally, the passive personality principle was limited by the requirement that the acts committed abroad be punishable by imprisonment of more than six months.
The unbaptized souls would go to hell for their sins.
Several have also included a definition of damage and, in particular, specification of measures of reinstatement eligible for compensation.
A great mix between the good old fashion picture calendar? and a modern electronic organizer.
2.1 5 of 6 pillars of the African Peace and Security Architecture are operational, and the benchmarks of the African Standby Force road map III are achieved (2010/11: not applicable; 2011/12: not applicable; 2012/13: 5)
On this basis, several entities that were expressly defined as international organizations were, as a result of their claims, awarded compensation by the panel of commissioners: the Arab Planning Institute, the Inter-Arab Investment Guarantee Corporation, the Gulf Arab States Educational Research Center, the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development, the Joint Program Production Institution for the Arab Gulf Countries and the Arab Towns Organization.
23 See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions Adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex I.
75. Since sexual offences against children are not fully addressed by existing legislation, the Government introduced a Bill in Parliament on Protection of Children from Sexual Offences in March, 2011, which is currently under consideration of the Rajya Sabha.
In this regard, the Committee pointed out that the principle of the Convention applies to both the basic wage and also any additional emolument, paid in cash or in kind.
I believe there was a good-faith effort on the part of all participants to do so, but unfortunately we were not able to develop a consensus agenda.
Much more money now!
29. The Committee invites the State party to submit its core document in accordance with the harmonized guidelines on reporting (HRI/GEN/2/Rev.5).
Drouet rode with her as far as the door, and then went about the neighbouring stores, looking for some good cigars
Tuesday, 13 February 2001, 2.30 p.m. - 5.30 p.m.
The Code also confirms the commitment by subscribing States to the United Nations Declaration on International Cooperation in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space for the Benefit and in the Interest of All States.
Fourthly, Zambia welcomes the efforts being made regionally and globally, and in this regard has actively participated in various regional and international initiatives aimed at reducing the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
 It has been proposed that the Participants reconvene in the week of 14 March 1994 to continue and conclude renegotiations.
The gas station just neighbours to the motel.
New Caledonian culture
Cleaning landscaping stones starts with spraying water over them to remove general mud and dirt.
Reaffirming the Declaration
Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process
Actual*
III. Organization of the Government's efforts to promote equal rights and prevent discrimination 91 - 104 21 I. General information about Suriname
At both the secondary and the primary level, school fees for girls have been lowered compared with those for boys.
Recalling its resolution 1997/36 of 21 July 1997 on international cooperation for the improvement of prison conditions and the Kampala Declaration on Prison Conditions in Africa, annexed to that resolution,
Fernand, pale and trembling, drew back, like a traveller at the sight of a serpent, and fell into a chair beside him. Edmond and Mercs were clasped in each other's arms
Women's programme centres provided skills training for women as well as men, with some of the most popular courses being computer skills courses.
These are Special Emergency Life Food (SELF) in Monrovia and Liberians United to Save Humanity (LUSH) based in Gbarnga.
Resolution 48/191 of 21 December 1993
Annual session
21. Strengthening capacity-building measures are crucial for the effective implementation of the Strategy.
In response to the General Assembly approval of options for additional security, all of the glass facades ("curtain walls") are being replaced.
The Ad Hoc Working Group receives periodic updates from the Secretariat in case of any new technological developments.
Though the theme isn't new, this is clearly the first time we have an investment philosophy that sets its eye upon the entire supply chain running through the global green agricultural industry.
3. Each State Party shall take the necessary measures to ensure that the persons referred to in paragraph 1 who have reason to believe that an enforced disappearance has occurred or is planned report the matter to their superiors and, where necessary, to the appropriate authorities or bodies vested with powers of review or remedy.
I'd like to get my hands on a nice pair of cowboy Boots.
In addition to these days, a benefit of SEK 60 (the "minimum level") is paid for an additional 90 days.
Please inform the Committee if the State party has adopted an instrument to enable the legal integration of refugees in Zambia, including the ability of children born to one Zambian parent to have his/her Zambian citizenship confirmed.
It is the crest of Tristan Dubois.
In order to assist the Unit, a Human Rights Committee, comprising representatives of some 13 ministries of the Government and one representative from the Tobago House of Assembly, had been established.
The representative of the United States made a statement.
It will have at its disposal two working documents that provide a good basis for conducting constructive and in-depth deliberations.
We are committed to providing five more by the end of 1998-1999 and another six in the financial year 1999-2000 (bringing the total to 18); and
It is expected that provinces and territories will develop their own PRPP legislation.
There's a water bug infestation in the drainpipes.
What's the point of calling up again and again?
They revel in their collective role as King Makers.
Among other problems, confessions obtained under torture were accepted as evidence.
Over the period from May 2003 to July 2008, more than 5,000 incidents of family violence were recorded, resulting in 1,306 prosecutions.
Facing to this disaster, optimist could be take some measure save the economic and do a lots of things save it
The renewal of idea is one of the key to educational reform of kindergarten.
Take in a lodger Renting out a room is a tax-efficient way to boost your income: under the terms of the rent-a-room scheme, you are entitled to earn up to 4,250 a year tax-free by renting out a furnished room in your own home. 10.
With the assistance of UNMIL and other international partners, including the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the Ministry has trained, equipped and deployed 65 mineral inspectors and 46 mining agents to the interior of the country, to institute Kimberley Process certification scheme procedures.
11. Requirements for transport operations are estimated at $228,300.
Thirty three percent seats were reserved for women in the local bodies elections and 17 percent in the National Assembly, the provincial assemblies and the Senate.
The number of countries experiencing weak or negative growth declined steadily, from 16 during the period from 2000 to 2005 to 11 in 2006.
The Government also started to facilitate visits by human rights monitors to both the central and regional prisons.
The Panel submitted a request to the Government of Singapore seeking additional information concerning that individual's identity and alias, any travel to or from Singapore and the passport number and nationality used by the individual.
Many people were on the platform and they were pushing onto the long passenger train.
Achieving the goals of halving poverty and providing universal access to primary education by 2015 was a daunting challenge, because despite having good policies and plans, least developed countries such as Nepal needed additional international financial and technical assistance to achieve the goals of their national action plans for children.
 In addition, members of the Committee expressed interest in receiving further information about the communication before the Human Rights Committee in relation to the Treaty of Waitangi (Fisheries Settlement) Act 1992.
UNDP has taken note of the conclusions of this timely evaluation.
While we deeply admire the UPA's commitment to the poor, we are repelled by its inability to understand our state's limitations.
That involved more resources than initially anticipated.
5. The General Assembly requested the Special Rapporteur to continue giving particular attention to the negative impact of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance on the full enjoyment of civil, cultural, economic, political and social rights by national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities, immigrant populations, asylum-seekers and refugees.
338. In paragraph 42, the Board recommended that UNHCR (a) incorporate into its contribution tracking system an indicator to assess the time lag between the due date and payment of contributions, and (b) formalize the payment-due dates of pledged contributions into contractual agreements.
Country: Malta
8. Following his appointment, the Coordinator visited New York from 20 to 24 May for initial consultations with regard to his mandate and programme of work.
Reply/action not satisfactory
Moreover, the ECB promised free protection, through outright monetary transactions, for private investors who dared to continue putting their money in the south.
These were people who thought theyd have no trouble telling their brand from the other brand.85.
This means that all of the planets revolving around the sun would fly out of orbit right away.
In order for agreed commitments and targets to be met, the Ministers call upon the developed countries to establish clear and transparent timetables within their national budget allocation processes to reach the level of 0.7 per cent for ODA to developing countries, including the target of 0.150.20 per cent to the least developed countries, by 2015 at the latest.
There was an attack on the forested area between Al-Srairi and Al-Qatrani in the Jezzine area where fires broke out.
Coverage of tourism statistics has long been limited to the collection of movements of travellers at international borders and global values of expenditure by foreign travellers in the economic territory and by national travellers abroad; a sharpening of the concepts and definitions of tourism, encompassing also the activities of resident visitors within their country of residence, the setting of standards and the promotion of their implementation would lead to improvements in the coverage, quality and comparability of the data disseminated through the World Tourism Organization and thus to their usefulness in, and relevance to, describing the phenomenon in all its dimensions.
55. On the question of propaganda and incitement to racial discrimination, Morocco indicated that discriminatory propaganda and ideas constitute criminal offences.
Communication: addressed to the Governments on 9 March 2005.
Communication No. 2123/2011
Although five new judges were recently appointed, bringing the number of judges in Somaliland to 60, none of them were women.
(a) Voluntary Fund for the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People;
UNIT NINETEENA nanometer is one billionth of a meter ( 3~4 atoms wide 2 ).
G-6
It's been a rainy afternoo
Vanuatu (1-3)
His firm sent you an invoice for the goods three months ago.
and what master-tradesman does not wish to keep an apprentice who saves him half his labour?
Guidelines will only be effective if staff understand why they are important for the work they do and for the requests of government and other partners.
In these circumstances the Committee considers that the author's case must be distinguished from the case of Casanovas v. France (Communication 441/1990).
China is almost doubling the number of civilian aeroplanes that are allowed to fly in its airspace at any one time, in an overhaul to reduce flight delays caused by the military's tight control over airspace.
:: Full incorporation of the Addis Ababa guidelines on independence and impartiality of human rights treaty body membersc into the rules of procedure of the Committee.
Despite the challenges, 2004 offered the best chance ever to ensure a polio-free world so long as there was strong political and community commitment backed with adequate financial support.
 In addition there were structural adjustment problems, whose prescriptions calling for slimming down of the public sector and reduced social expenditure were such as to reduce the already meagre resources allocated to education, health and social protection.
3. Deplores those policies and practices of Israel that violate the human rights of the Palestinian people and other Arabs of the occupied territories, as reflected in the report of the Special Committee covering the reporting period;
Agenda item 104
The goal of this process has been to develop global indicators to support monitoring child rights abuses within justice systems and evaluating progress to create protective structures for children in conflict with the law.
The greed, hatred, and general discord are no longer able to keep the worlds population at bay.
We conducted the audit in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing.
(c) In the case of a request pertaining to paragraph 2 of this article, a statement of the facts relied upon by the requesting State Party and a description of the actions requested.
The systematic funding for the long term would require financing for after-service health insurance benefits for the current retirees under the special expense section of the regular budget and under the support account for peacekeeping funds, as well as under the accounts for the support costs of extrabudgetary funds, in addition to a charge against net salary costs to be established to partially fund the accrued liabilities (9.6 per cent for the regular budget, 2.6 per cent for extrabudgetary funds and 1 per cent for peacekeeping funds).
On the other hand, I also have to take responsibility for the consequences of my decisions.
(a) Decided to grant consultative status to the following fifty-five non-governmental organizations:
Contrary to the aims of the 1951 Convention regime, current policies and practices in some regions are designed to restrict access to safety rather than to facilitate such access.
There is no longitudinal surface cracking in the course of pickling after the stress reliving annealing.
I'm trying, but it's dragging.
The Special Rapporteur emphasizes in particular that the right of access to information should be subject to narrow and clearly defined limitations to protect overriding public and private interests, including the right to privacy.
D. Monitoring and evaluation
The dark forces of nature reach out to this enraged man and use him as their vessel to bring death and destruction to Earth.
The Republic of Belarus considers it necessary to increase the membership of the Security Council in both categories by no fewer than 11 seats.
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Organization
As was the case with the previous power of the Supreme Court, under the present article 105 of the Constitution the CNDH can now open an investigation into facts that constitute serious violations of human rights "when it deems this appropriate or at the request of the federal executive, either of the chambers of the federal Congress, the governor of a state, the head of government of the Federal District, or the legislatures of the federative entities."
64 years 6 months
And indeed, he found that this was better than a country's health statistics at predicting the relative attractiveness of hunky faces.
 93. Extrabudgetary resources are being sought for five main purposes:
You've got all that, only without a car around you to protect your fragile body.
Grenada
So what are China's goals for economic and social development in the next five years?
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters [1]
2003: UN Headquarters, New York: Action to Prevent Combat/Eradicate Illicit Trade in SALW
For the first time, the main sessions of the Forum were broadcast on Livestream, allowing people from around the world to follow the discussions and giving virtual access to a wide audience with increased impact as a consequence.
In the light of the mission's findings, including that patterns of human rights violations may amount to crimes against humanity, and the deteriorating human rights situation in the Syrian Arab Republic, the Council decided to establish an independent international commission of inquiry.
United States of Americad Uruguayb c
Ratification, Accession (a)
12. The Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization should continue to study possible measures to strengthen the United Nations system for the maintenance of international peace and security.
The organization took part in the annual Civil Society Development Forum, held in Geneva on 30 September and 1 October 2010 on the theme of "Women's Human Rights and Development: Inclusion, Participation and Equality".
The Working Group wishes to thank the Office of the High Commissioner for the continuous support given to the Working Group, and hopes to maintain the adequate level of staffing which it now enjoys.
21. Professional staff within the Information Centres Service, particularly the Information Officers, are responsible for ensuring that United Nations information centres operate to their full potential, mandates are properly covered and problems are addressed in a timely manner.
Is it my illusion or you really got such a slender body?
The establishment of victim support units in New Providence and Grand Bahama, with highly trained officers who focus on guiding victims of sexual assault through the investigations and provide them with updates regarding the progress of the matter.
Moreover, as the OMT announcement demonstrated, a credible promise to use monetary financing in the event of such a crisis can prevent it from arising in the first place – with no inflationary action required.
For the 2003 repatriation programme, the UNHCR offices in Afghanistan and Pakistan have tightened procedures and taken various steps to minimize the risk of abuse.
Do you know the constituents of the mixture?
Mark you, this is debt that they have repaid many times over if the onerous interest rates are discounted.
APPOINTMENT AND PROMOTION
Feel free to skip over this section if you are already familiar with the basic concepts behind portfolio management.
I'm not going to tell you her age, he said Friday in Iowa, but we were both born in the same year, and I turned 60 this year.
Fiftieth session
Global and national progress toward the achievement of the MDGs is an important benchmark for understanding the effectiveness of development plans and approaches, and helps contextualize the UNDP contribution to development results.
However, originally a merchant tanker design, the ship has a maximum speed of only 16 knots, which has seriously limited its performance.
He ascribed his failure to ill-health.
Using VB to Develop Multimedia Application Programs
14. Suggested improvements to the present practice:
Mango trees grow rapidly and can attain heights of up to 90 feet.
These “digital frontrunners” generate about 8% of their GDP from the Internet, compared to 5% in Europe’s Big Five (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom).
- Restocking destroyed date palm plantations.
Science too, he said, is among the productive forces.
Alici How do you know?
Twenty-seventh report
The lack of clarity meant that, in the past, certain issues had "fallen through the cracks" and follow-up had not been carried out properly.
This week is vitally important for my island nation of Nauru and for small island developing States generally.
He also comments on the value theory in current textbooks, and advances the main points of how to teach the theory of labor value completely and selectively.
A tax on abandoned buildings has recently been introduced and all revenue from this is allocated to housing projects.
It is these very weapons that could give our common enemies, the drug traffickers, the upper hand in our war against drugs.
 On the other hand, the situation of many low-income countries, many of which were African, remained very difficult.
A few studies conducted on the overall effectiveness of the system at the country level13 confirm the inadequacy of its institutional memory of past lessons.
In this section the Assembly welcomed the report of Mrs. G. Machel on the impact of armed conflict on children (A/51/306 and Add.1) and took note with appreciation of the recommendations made therein.
Despite the low profile of the previous Panels of Experts and the Monitoring Group, the Somali faction leaders, warlords and businessmen are aware of the commitment of the Security Council to the arms embargo in creating these Panels and the Monitoring Group and have an idea of the consequences likely to be faced by violators of the arms embargo in the future.
Organization of public information, advocacy and outreach activities on police reform to raise public awareness on the role of the Mission to assist the Government to maintain stability and reform rule-of-law institutions, including through print and broadcast media outlets Through 62 sensitization activities on rule of law at
In brief, these activities focused on setting up the Institute's new structure and improving its financial situation.
Yuchang Tunnel
Such reviews focused on determining issues of the career and non-career civil service according to the needs of the organizations of the United Nations common system and on the types of appointment used in the common system with a view to rationalizing the ever increasing types of contracts used.
By a note verbale dated 8 August 2007 and a letter dated 20 September 2007, the draft text of the indicators of commercial fraud was transmitted to States and to intergovernmental and international non-governmental organizations that are invited to attend the meetings of the Commission and its working groups as observers.
2.4 On 16 October 2007, the author appealed the decision to the Public Prosecutor General who, on 28 August 2008, upheld the decision of the Regional Prosecutor stating that neither the author nor his counsel could be considered legitimate complainants in the case.
In your letter the wording and the grammar are all wrong I feel very laughable.
Thirtieth Meeting of States Parties to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights [General Assembly resolution 2200 A (XXI)]b
On 8 February 1999, the Committee further revised its procedure for calculating the validity period of approval letters under resolution 986 (1995) from the date the approval letters are actually issued to the applicant mission.
He'd started out at consulting firm PwC, then studied at London Business School before joining Goldman Sachs, where he was a sales trader on the European equities desk.
(b) Progress towards reform of the Afghanistan security sector and rule of law
109 cast my own shadow upon my path, because I have a lamp that
Thank you. Oh, it's nice. I like it.
The independent expert participated in the High-level Plenary Meeting of the sixty-fifth session of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals held from 20 to 22 September 2010 in New York.
The next morning flowers were delivered to her room - a dozen roses. Attached to EACH rose was a crisp one hundred dollar bill.
 The services of regional advisers are made available in response to requests from Governments and involve advisory missions on an individual or a joint multidisciplinary basis, with particular attention being paid to the needs of the least developed and other disadvantaged countries in each region.
Still, analysts say activism in the Netherlands reflects a broader change in investor behaviour across continental Europe, rather than being a solely Netherlands-based affair
The tendency of reform and innovation in agro-industrialization organization is to establish normal farmer cooperation organization.
The Acting President: We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 120.
So when I say ah. come here.
The contractor stated that biodiversity studies were ongoing.
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by Heads of State and Government on 8 September 2000, the 2005 World Summit Outcome adopted on 16 September 2005 and its resolution 60/265 of 30 June 2006 on the follow-up to the development outcome of the 2005 World Summit, including the Millennium Development Goals and the other internationally agreed development goals, the outcome document of the high-level plenary meeting of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals and the outcome document of the special event to follow up efforts made towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals, convened by the President of the General Assembly on 25 September 2013,
A generated Java wrapper will marshal the data to be passed between the two.
4.4 With regard to the claims of violations of articles 9, paragraph 1, and 26 of the Covenant, they should be declared inadmissible for failure to exhaust domestic remedies pursuant to article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol, insofar as the author has brought allegations before the Committee that either were not pursued in domestic proceedings or that were determined as question of fact by the State party's courts, before which no claim of arbitrary procedure or injustice was made.
Following the new branding strategy, the biennium will see targeted marketing of UN-Habitat publications and new products to strengthen partnerships.
Article 6 For the other region's enterprise undertaking construction to form a branch, it shall be done through individual project permission and long-term permission.
The chiefs didn't want anyone going through the lobby doors.
Global estimates of the AIDS epidemic this year were revised to 33.2 million, down 6.3 million from 39.5 million projected last year, due to improved data gathering, according to AIDS experts at the United Nations and World Health Organization.
The IMF, for its part, has been a committed partner to Central and Eastern Europe and its transformation throughout the past 25 years.
At the time of the arrest, he was under the influence of a narcotic substance.
A process that is used to liquefy nitrogen.
The requirement of prior informed consent of a State of import and States of transit and of a contract between the exporter and the disposer specifying environmentally sound management of the wastes in question before the waste can be exported and, for this purpose, the establishment of a notification procedure;
Reluctantly, the Mission was abandoned.
In that context it decided to discontinue inclusion of the language factor at the time of the next survey at duty stations where the local language was not one of the working languages of the organizations.
 Aware that political status negotiations between the Administering Authority and representatives of the Trust Territory began in 1969 with the aim of facilitating the progressive development of the peoples in Micronesia, including Palau, towards self-government or independence as was deemed appropriate,
World Book Capital
The State of Jammu and Kashmir has an institutional mechanism in the form of State Commission for Women which ensures protection of rights of women and gives recommendations to the State Governments on lacunae in existing legal framework concerning women.
Body responsible: Induquímica.
Therefore, the research on the alteration rules of the Open - end fund redemption seems extremely important.
2. In addition, lists of terrorists and international terrorist organizations provided by the Embassy of the United States of America in the Kyrgyz Republic were sent to commercial banks;
Some of the major policies, strategies and programmes that comprise gender friendly provisions include:
We will continue our constructive efforts towards that end.
19. Welcomes the signature of a Joint Communiqué between the Government of Sudan and the United Nations on Facilitation of Humanitarian Activities in Darfur, and calls for it to be fully implemented and on all parties to ensure, in accordance with relevant provisions of international law, the full, safe and unhindered access of relief personnel to all those in need and delivery of humanitarian assistance, in particular to internally displaced persons and refugees;
P-2/1
Because of announcing sexual love, video frequency about the Germany network be paralysed daughter model!
(> over75%) 58. All projects approved in 2001 have replication as part of the programme strategy, with important replication partners, the Belgian Survival Fund and the World Bank, involved at formulation.
Lenin Peace Prize recipients
(a) UNAMID used a monthly arithmetic average fuel price from March to August 2009 as a basis to calculate its fuel cost despite the high variability of the price and quantity of fuel supplied to different locations within the Mission.
Interim allocation for the UNIFEM biennial support budget,
input shifting Reducing costs by using lower priced inputs, e.g. using contractors instead of permanent staff, communications instead of travel
The sailing vessel hauled in with an island.
The registration deadline is Friday, 27 September.
In addition, many musical events are held outdoors.
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mbeya
1. In its decision 2/1, adopted at its second session, the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime decided that in order to support its periodic review of implementation of the Convention, information should be collected on, inter alia, the following topics:
Recommendation 9
It is also used to represent the kinetics of surface - catalyzed reactions.
Last week the 10 officers at my college sat around a table 12 hours every day deliberating16 the applications of hundreds of talented young men and women.
The Government has firmly rejected any idea of persecution of an ethnic group.
That amounted to an increase of more than 21% in the global number of “banked” individuals.
(g) Subprogramme 7. Subregional activities in Mexico and Central America: $411,900
1. Welcomes the work of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, and takes note of its report and the recommendations contained therein;
You need to take the subway and get off at Qianmen.
The Department for General Assembly and Conference Management was the largest employer, with a total of 47 staff (22.5 per cent of the total), followed by the field missions administered by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations with 44 staff (21.1 per cent of the total).
Subtotal
This global uproar is a testament to how three decades of Western feminist challenges to leadership have changed the world for the better.
Mrs Clinton may have damped down Hillary-hatred for a while. But it is sure to revive if she starts appointing Supreme Court justices.
 A further 84 Leonidas APCs arrived from Greece, bringing the total number of APCs and infantry fighting vehicles in the southern part of Cyprus to 375.
8But that which bringeth forth thorns and briers, is reprobate, and very near unto a curse, whose end is to be burnt.
ECE Economic Commission for Europe
In spite of a clear deadline set in the note verbale for submission of contributions, the Americas and Europe Division, Department of Political Affairs, has no control over late submissions.
The Agency is still awaiting receipt from Iran of updated design information for the IR-40 Reactor, and further information pursuant to statements it has made concerning the planned construction of new uranium enrichment facilities and the design of a reactor similar to TRR.
This information will be subject to review in accordance with Article 8.
We demand that Israel comply immediately and unconditionally with the provisions of the Fourth Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949 and apply them to the situation of the Syrian detainees in the occupied Syrian Golan.
The author has laboratories in the United States?
Olav Bjerkholt (Norway)* Professor of Economics, University of Oslo
[Adopted unanimously.
MAURITIUS
On 26 February, a vehicle belonging to an international nongovernmental organization hit a device while parking alongside the Kidal airstrip, seriously wounding a passenger and slightly injuring the driver.
Wire me full particulars.
43. The Preparatory Committee recommends inviting the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Children’s Fund and the World Bank to formulate a global action plan for all by the year 2015, and to submit a progress report to the Preparatory Committee at its second session.
Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing
Note was taken of the progress made by UNDCP towards improving the annual reports questionnaire by establishing a working group to deal with the matter.
Item 6 (d) of the provisional agenda*
According to the Human Development Report 2014 of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), 15 per cent of the world's population remained vulnerable to multidimensional poverty and 80 per cent lacked comprehensive social protection.
the goods are priced too high
(a) Strengthened capacity of United Nations system agencies and United Nations country teams to incorporate human rights aspects in their development, humanitarian and rule-of-law activities, and to assist Member States, at their request, in building and strengthening national capacities
The Unit will coordinate, support and provide guidance to internal, independent and strategic evaluations and follow-up on the implementation of recommendations, including those of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
As an alternative, Norway would recommend looking at ways to utilize the General Assembly to ensure progress.
Therefore, people developes all kinds of tools against viruses, and also adopts lots of efficient identify systems and visit control systems.
Hedge funds may well have been selling their commodity positions to meet demands for cash from other parts of their portfolios.
The State party should investigate all allegations of trafficking in persons, in accordance with Act No. 2007-038 of 14 January 2008 concerning trafficking and sex tourism and with the relevant international standards.
See para. 5 of the proposed 2006/07 budget.
Senior
All civilian ships present and accounted for, sir.
(e) The limited social services and counselling available for children in courts, in particular in cases of rape or abuse;
i. Aims and purpose of the organization
(c) Working Group on Situations.
C. Accessibility to public transportation and facilities
I should like to recall that the judicial branch in Haiti is a State organ that acts completely independently of the executive branch.
Half note
She's gonna be drunk and stupid now.
Sankrail
The more complicated a negotiation, though, the more difficult it is to disregard complex issues such as values and norms or the importance of being sincere.
The aim of Danish development policy is to assist developing countries in their efforts to achieve sustainable development based on the improvement of living conditions through socially balanced economic growth and with respect for political independence.
541 BC
In addition, about 60 per cent of United Nations country teams reported moderate to significant non-monetary gains, such as enhanced quality of services, better supplier relations and reduced time spent on specific business processes.
Information had been received from NGOs that women from Bosnia and Herzegovina were arriving at shelters in some Western European countries, indicating that the country was no longer a country of destination only, but also a country of origin.
Did you tell your wife?
Lucasian Professor of Mathematics
In this context, sessions are spent doing things like mental-fitness assessments and relaxation exercises in addition to basic cognitive training.
Then do thy office, Muse; I teach thee how To make him seem long hence as he shows now.
Figure V
Begun in 1994 with 15 participating countries and a budget of $3.5 million, it now involves 102 countries and a budget of $500 million, more than half of it contributed by developing countries.
In four months the new pitch was levelled, a new grandstand was partly built and terracing and turnstiles were installed.
:: One of the central measures adopted under the Federal Government's qualification programme Aufstieg durch Bildung (Getting on through training), is the national pact to attract more girls to mathematics, engineering, the natural sciences and technical occupations, the so-called "MINT" professions.
1981 FT
2. We emphasize the need for particular attention to be given in the current negotiations at the World Trade Organization (WTO) on market access for agricultural and non-agricultural goods to products of special interest to landlocked developing countries, including cotton producers, and the granting of special and differential treatment on account of these countries' disadvantaged geographical location that undermines their international competitiveness.
Familiar with main device characteristic in process and know - how in designing of process system.
Be sure that you have all the facts before you take action.
I just don't see that happening.
4. Recognizes the possible benefit of exchanging language staff among duty stations, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the conditions of such exchange for the consideration of the General Assembly at its sixtieth session;
The State party should also strengthen its efforts to narrow the wage gap between men and women and to facilitate full-time employment of women.
Genuine democracy also depended on the elimination of certain social and cultural values that were often legitimized on the grounds of tradition, history or religion.
The only way to climb a rope is hand over hand.
The Peacebuilding Support Office should have a key function in the strategic planning of the peacebuilding efforts of the United Nations.
In accordance with General Assembly decision 47/445, it was decided that the report of the Board on its fifty-second session to the General Assembly would include an account of the deliberations under this item.
Figure II.II
The rule of law is the only way to inspire confidence among domestic and foreign investors and to guarantee sustainable development.
7. Of particular relevance from a United Nations perspective has been the growing recognition of the fact that no country by itself can cope successfully with the growth of international crime.
336. The progress made in the 2010-2011 biennium is evidenced by: the inception, conduct and results of the first and second sessions of UNCTAD Global Commodities Forum; the organization and successful conduct of the second and third sessions of annual multi-year expert meeting on commodities and development, including the preparations of the fourth session; and the implementation of the All African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) Agricultural Commodities Programme supply chain finance project.
(d) Mobilization and appropriation of more resources and development of well-focused programmes to deal with humanitarian and human rights issues;
 Since its establishment, UNICEF has operated under the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations.
Her speech in Parliament was falsified by the newspapers.
He opened the door and stood aside for her to pass.
These programmes need to enunciate a national vision of challenges and approaches, establish national priorities and, as appropriate, a national focal point, and provide a conducive environment for the rapid diffusion, development and use of information technology.
Malaysia
35. The criminal law banned torturing the accused or meting out severe treatment to obtain confessions by force.
"'Don't you know that it is wicked to do so?"'No,' said the girl, 'but it is dreadful to be hungry.
BACKGROUND: Myasthenia gravis is an autoimmune disease in which autoantibodies interfere with neuromuscular transmission.
"While many people use electronic media, such as the Internet, it should be noted that the longer media use before sleep can trigger (self-perceived) insufficient sleep," lead researcher Dr Nakamori Suganuma, of Osaka University, Japan, told the reporter.
Two factors have led to an increase in poverty incidence (headcount) in Hungary: a decline in overall national income and a more unequal distribution of income.
Number of Number of Number of Notes
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/GATT
The lists of speakers will be prepared on the basis of these time limits.
Information received from the United Nations system
2. Note that some Member States, within their national drug control strategies, are expanding access to prevention, treatment, diagnosis, care and support services relating to HIV/AIDS and other blood-borne diseases for people who inject drugs, and also note that those States that have implemented the interventions outlined in the WHO, UNODC, UNAIDS Technical Guide and, in accordance with the fundamental principles of their domestic legal systems and national legislation, have remarkably reduced the number of HIV infections, with some countries approaching the elimination of injecting drug use-related transmission of HIV;
Staff and other personnel costs total
The disability organisations have an important role to play in building up and communicating knowledge on this issue as well.
Security arrangements are based on the principles of the graded approach and defence in depth and are kept under constant review.
2. To assist national/local governments in mobilizing/allocating financial resources for sustainable urban management and provide relevant training; to promote land management policies/practices ensuring sustainable settlements development and markets' responsiveness to community needs.
One group, the East Turkestan Islamic Movement has been labeled an international terrorist organization by China and the U.S.
:: The negotiated solution has to elicit the widest possible political acceptance by Member States, well above the two-thirds majority
12. Encourages the United Nations Housing Rights Programme to take into account the content of the present resolution;
Why should it be taboo to talk about equal pay or a gender balance in the workplace?
AII right. We also attach importance to the arbitration clause.
Furthermore, according to the Palestinian Authority, during 2009 the Israeli authorities revoked the identification papers of 4,570 Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem, thereby denying their right to reside in the city.
Today's featured article/2012
I would like to thank you in particular for convening this meeting on the situation in Haiti, the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH) (S/2009/129) and the recent visit by a Security Council delegation headed by Ambassador Urbina of Costa Rica.
Members
In support of this solution, Sir Humphrey Waldock, in his third report, based his views inter alia on the practice of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, who, on several occasions, had acknowledged that newly independent States have this power, without prompting any objections from States to this assumption.
By stretching and contracting these muscles the pelvis can acquire the proper angles the horse moves.
For courses which have a final seminar, the examination will generally take place during the seminar.
3/ Subject to a request from the relevant commodity body.
Outbreaks of chloracne were then frequently reported in the United States, Britain and Germany (Crow 1970, cited in Hayward, 1998).
How much is dynamic head of BFP?
A/C.1/57/L.23/Rev.1 -- Revised draft resolution entitled "Bilateral strategic nuclear arms reductions and the new strategic framework" dated 21 October 2002
Source: Table 13, DP/2003/27/Add.1
He is just out of his teens.
25. Publishing a book dedicated to the forum with all the speeches so that central and local authorities, universities, NGOs, etc. can have access to the themes presented and discussed at the event.
Advance Step is a dedicated podiatry X - ray system which provides imaging performance for podiatry radiology.
"Carbon pools" are those carbon pools referred to in paragraph 21 of the annex to draft decision -/CMP.1 (Land use, land-use change and forestryLULUICFLand use, land-use change and forestry) and are: above-ground biomass, below-ground biomass, litter, dead wood and soil organic carbon;
Is he able to pay down the whole cost?
1. National reports for the UNCCD assessment process
7. Urges all States to take all necessary measures and to institute legal reforms to ensure the full and equal enjoyment by the girl child of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, to take effective action against violations of those rights and freedoms and to base programmes and policies for the girl child on the rights of the child;
Provide each Central District Hospital with basic medical equipment in accordance with the Ministry of Health strategy for emergency care.
In the context of implementation of paragraph 2 (g) of the resolution, is there a method for communicating alerts for wanted or suspected terrorists to immigration authorities at various points of entry?
27. The Committee recommends that the State party take appropriate steps to put an end to acts of abuse and violations committed against migrant workers and members of their families.
Shall I trim a little off your side burns?
Among the Hispanic or Latino population, a total of 13.2 % had college degrees.
The National Anti-Corruption Commission was not fully operational, as the passage of the public service code of conduct by the legislature was being awaited and offices were not furnished during the reporting period.
In December 2003, a meeting was held on headhunters and female executives.
I would request you to indicate which rule(s) of the rules of procedure provide an authority or prerogative to the President to implement a proposal when there is no agreement in the Conference due to objections raised by its members.
No. _(the number should be kept safely)_
Could you get me a part if I paid
Develop and strengthen epidemiological networks and global alert systems under the aegis of WHO, OIE, FAO.
They got a strong ball club as usual.
Upon successfully concluding its deliberations on 19 July 2014, the Open Working Group agreed by acclamation to submit its report to the General Assembly at its sixty-eighth session, for consideration and appropriate action.
Pope Gregory IV
The Committee recommends acceptance of the positions proposed.
73. Governments, with the full involvement of young people and with the support of the international community, should, as a priority, make every effort to implement the Programme of Action in regard to adolescent sexual and reproductive health, in accordance with paragraphs 7.45 and 7.46 of the Programme of Action, and should:
Jim told Li Ming to give his best wishes to everybody.
Mark: And my ultimate goal is to win the Grand slam.
Furthermore, all workers, having been informed of the amount of the minimum wage through the media, may appeal to those services if their employers do not comply with the minimum wage requirement.
Now, when the income was shrunk to , though, they were thinking seriously of contracting to a modest and unassuming D. But whenever Mr.
64. Despite years of study and public discussion, the United Nations is still far from developing the kind of rapid-response military capacity most needed to handle the sort of rapidly unfolding atrocity crimes referred to in paragraph 139 of the Summit Outcome.
You're doing it. you're doing it.
 As a general rule, for each job directly generated by a TNC, one to two jobs result indirectly from backward and forward linkages.
The preamble to the Convention forcefully states that the use of disease as a weapon would be "repugnant to the conscience of mankind".
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women
At the 8th meeting, on 15 March 2013, at the time of the adoption of the draft report, the representative of China made a statement expressing hope that UNODC would continue increasing financial and human resources assistance
Assistance to Somalia in the field of human rights
Making changes to the view definition may take some planning and time.
The transfer was made in an effort to rationalize the functions of both departments and to consolidate those Secretariat units working directly with the field.
Mike told me that his business was in a jam and he was in urgent need of money.
During 2010, the Centre carried out the following activities:
"Isn't your home in New York?
The changing policies of the multilateral donors adversely influenced the implementation of the work programme, particulary the delivery of advisory services.
Net fund balance
The Executive Secretary of ESCAP officially launched the Asia-Pacific Trade and Investment Report 2011.
26. To that end, the manual drawn up and endorsed by INPRO for official use adopts the Municipal Accessibility Assessment Procedure and proposes it as a basic tool for identifying the barriers to access to public services available to citizens.
The appellate court applied the CISG.
Brunei Darussalam works closely with NGOs in enhancing awareness on human rights related issues in the country, namely through educational preventive programmes; road shows; awareness campaigns; fund-raising activities; and talks to the community and institutions.
Foundation for the International Network of Museums for Peace
Pakistan * Mr. Hilaly did not participate in the decisions relating to this subsection of the report.
I. Draft resolution A/C.1/54/L.21 and Rev.1
That was the first time that the Team and the Group had collaborated in a simulation.
Combined fourth and fifth periodic reports of Cameroon
"Everyone has the right ... (b) to have the environment protected, for the benefit of present and future generations, through reasonable legislative and other measures that (i) prevent pollution and ecological degradation; (ii) promote conservation; and (iii) secure ecologically sustainable development and use of natural resources while promoting justifiable economic and social development."
A/AC.109/2005/3
708. As far as divorce is concerned, article 51 of the stipulates that it may be obtained by mutual agreement of the spouses or when the Court finds that there are grounds which indicate that the marriage is no longer be meaningful for the spouses or for the children, and hence, for society as well.
Go you there, straight , for there will probably be a greater concourse than usual, today. "
Policy alignment
(a) A compilation of further proposals by Parties on principles, modalities, rules and guidelines for the mechanisms (FCCC/SB/1999/MISC.3).
90. At its 40th meeting, on 23 July, on the proposal of the Vice-President of the Council, Jean-Marc Hoscheit (Luxembourg), the Council took note of the following documents (see Council decision 2008/234):
Many SPEED programmes have been included in the list of 鈥渞eimbursable courses?under the Continuing Education Fund, covering such areas as China business, design, financial services, logistics and supply chain management, language and tourism.
I was lax in my duties.
Capacity development challenges of post-conflict reconstruction and crisis/disaster management
As a preliminary remark, it noted that, on 14 November 2000, the European Court of Human Rights had found this case inadmissible, because it did "not disclose any appearance of a violation of the rights and freedoms set out in the Convention or its Protocols".
General and complete disarmament
European Convention on Customs Treatment of Pallets Used in International Transport;
The inner diameter out diameter and coaxality of every constituent layer for high voltage cable are important parameters determining the quality of cable.
2. Review of coordination of activities of the organizations of the United Nations system in the field of freshwater resources
27. The deterioration of the security situation must be addressed resolutely.
Stirrup is a important part of harness.
In desperation he opened the third envelope.
Thanks to the arduous and unremitting efforts in the past more than two decades, China has made tremendous achievements in its drive to assist with the development of the poor areas.
Only when Tibet's modernization drive is merged with the motherland's modernization and wins the support and help of the people throughout the country, can Tibet tightly grasp the historical opportunities, realize speedy development, and achieve constant progress and prosperity.
We hope that the implementation of the Afghan National Development Strategy will be stepped up and that the financial pledges made at the Paris Conference held last June will be honoured.
Everyone likes a good laughter; he brings good cheer with him wherever he goes, the very thought of him makes life more bearable
Following a five-year investigation into his business dealings with our country, Mr. Sabzali could face up to 205 years in prison.
It referred to current proceedings before the Supreme Court, judgement expected in September 2003, on the exclusion of remedies with respect to the author.
Summary
Anything less would undermine the good faith with which we have all along been assured that commitments made would be implemented.
Yossarian sighed barrenly , his day 's work done . He was listless and sticky .
(d) Enhancing their capacity to manufacture such equipment;
"Then, as I lay on the ground, remembered I had two choices: I could choose to live or I could choose to die.
Over the past 40 years, the Tibet Autonomous Region, under the correct direction and wholehearted support of the state, has fully exercised the decision-making right guaranteed to it by law in economic and social development, and formulated a series of policies and measures suitable for the actual situation in Tibet.
This trend can be attributed to relatively low levels of awareness and information campaigns on preventing sexually transmitted diseases and risky behaviour.
Cheer up. I think we can sue them.
As for the statement that Arab States had refused to comply with General Assembly resolution 181 (II), he expressed doubt that Israel itself had agreed to do so.
17. The Constitutional Court has interpreted the constitutional provisions on equality to give effect to substantive equality.
Dick Lau
The Board would report through the Executive Director to the Governing Council and to the Committee of Permanent Representatives.
An amount of $8.7 million was written off in the biennium 1998-1999.
Athena: You must find and destroy the final Siren before you may pass.
To date there has been little manufacturing abroad.
Coefficients of birth rate, death rate and natural population growth
Beyond areas of national jurisdiction, the Convention sets out the framework for cooperation among States in different activities.
If this table is used for layout, make sure it makes sense when linearized.
 Without intending discourtesy to other speakers, France does not believe that it is for a political organ or its members to comment on the work of a court, especially the principal judicial body of the United Nations.
The Committee further notes that the State party has only limited avenues to ensure that state and local governments respect and implement the Covenant, and that its provisions have been declared to be non-self-executing at the time of ratification.
Informal consultations with interested delegations on a draft resolution on humanitarian assistance to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, under agenda item 20 (b) (Special economic assistance to individual countries or regions), organized by the delegation of the Russian Federation, will be held on Tuesday, 21 November 2000, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room A.
Date of approval by OHCHR: 19 June 1997
Women were admitted into the club last year.
87. In 1998, a National Minimum Wage Order was introduced.
The Secretary-General indicates that this exercise demonstrated that the United Nations could benefit from WINGS II in the areas of finance and human resource management and by replicating WFP documentation and training materials.
Isa Mustafa
Only a few weeks ago, heads of State or Government met at Johannesburg, South Africa, for the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
 Development must also have a moral and ethical dimension.
The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m.
Recalling the mutual recognition between the Government of the State of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, the representative of the Palestinian people, and the need for full compliance with the agreements concluded between the two sides,
10. Peacebuilding Support Office
I prefer football and basketball.
The matters at stake are simply too vital.
:: Is it victims alone, which could take in prevention of revictimization as well as justice for them from the justice system?
Several cases cleared staff members of wrong-doing when evidence gathered did not substantiate the allegation.
On 4 April 2013, the President of the Security Council addressed the following letter to the Secretary-General:
5. African countries emerging from conflict
Violations by United States and British aircraft
When Rupert Murdoch took over the Wall Street Journal, he proclaimed his intention to compete with the New York Times by expanding arts coverage.
(ii) The provisions could offer guidance on the extension of traditional powers such as search and seizure to electronic evidence;
The agricultural land is managed by 11,400 land tenants of whom 974 are full time and 10,426 part time. 42.6 per cent of all farm tenants are over 60 years of age, 46.7 per cent between 40 and 60 years and 10.7 per cent are under the age of 40.
Senior staff at D-1 and above, 6 days' duration, introduction to the United Nations, including rules, responsibilities and procedures, introduction to the integrated mission planning process and results-based budgeting, responsibilities for safety and security, and best practices from field operations.
 The report is to be taken as a whole.
* In accordance with General Assembly resolution 53/208 B, paragraph 8, this document is submitted late so as to include the most up-to-date information possible.
Germany
Acts of sexual violence, including committed in the family, are recognized as presenting a significant social danger.
When the bidding strategy is given, we need choose appropriate risk preference factor to balance the profits and risk.
As at 31 December 2002, a total of 141 applications had been approved.
5. The Advisory Committee also recalls that the staffing component approved for 1998 consisted of 44 positions, in addition to the Special Envoy: a Head of Mission at the Assistant Secretary-General level, a Deputy Head of Mission at the D-2 level, 5 Political Affairs Officers at the P-5 level, 5 military advisers and 2 civilian police.
A working group has fielded several missions in different locations in order to assess the feasibility for returns and to work on improving conditions.
18. As indicated above, UNIDO has initiated the establishment of specialized UNIDO centres for South-South industrial cooperation in several emerging economies of the South.
Measures to prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction
18 June 2008
13. Ms. Shin said that she too welcomed the legal reforms introduced by Tunisia, and regretted that its reservations to the Convention had not been withdrawn.
147. In paragraph 127, UNDP agreed with the Board's reiterated recommendation that it: (a) improve all controls over leave administration to ensure accurate leave balances; and (b) prioritize addressing weaknesses in leave management.
In this regard, the Special Committee acknowledges the need to clarify the terms "troop-contributing countries" and "police-contributing countries".
34. The Russian Federation expressed concern at the continued increase of xenophobic and racist attitudes, discrimination against religious and ethnic minorities, women, persons with disabilities and migrants, and about the persistent problems relating to the judiciary and penitentiary systems.
The programmes supported by the Global Environment Facility are implemented by the three partners, UNEP, UNDP and the World Bank, each in its own area of competence.
"Bears have sort of become my specialty," says construction executive Morrow. "I really like them."
This has included enhanced public health services to young children and parents, enhanced supports to parents with mental health concerns who are expecting or raising young children, enhanced access to treatment services for women who are at high risk of using alcohol and other substances while pregnant and the implementation of the Alberta Perinatal Health Program.
3rd meeting The Chair (Guyana) opened the meeting.
Sau Po Integrated Family Service Centre, Social Welfare Department
However, more women are now migrating autonomously.
The creation of feedback instruments in respect of national, regional and international policymaking could lead to the design of better-integrated response measures.
Their report on these issues should serve as a basis for their further updating in order to ensure an effective utilization of them as inputs for the High-Level Intergovernmental Event on Financing for Development, scheduled for early 2002.
Several hundred political party and civil society leaders were placed under preventive detention under the Public Security Act (PSA) (as had occurred in January - see E/CN.4/2006/107, para.79 and A/60/359 para. 15)), with many others, including juveniles, held for short periods.
Basic programme of work of the Economic and Social Council for 2004 (E/2003/1)
I. Introduction
In response to a request for clarification of the criteria for selection, he identified the following as crucial: first, thematic consistency with the UN-Habitat focus area; second, functional consistency between normative and operational approaches; and, third, financial and political commitment between Governments and their partners.
10-11 September
Should I consolidate my MPF preserved accounts if I think I have too many?
Although they rally, sometimes for extended periods, they eventually give back most of their gains as investor faith in a recovery fades.
In addition to possible tax incentives that may be generally available in the host country or that may be specially granted to privately financed infrastructure projects (see chap. II, “Government support”, ___), the general taxation regime of the host country plays a significant role in the investment decisions of private companies.
President of the Security Council
Recalling the entry into force on 22 December 2000 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
Please leave one copy of the CAF with the factory manager and retain one copy with the monitoring program in the working papers.
2. High-level Dialogue on Interreligious and Intercultural Understanding and Cooperation for Peace (under agenda item 49 (Culture of peace)): reports of the Secretary-General (A/62/97 and A/62/337)
The current global food crisis, climate change, soaring energy prices and volatility in the international financial markets are making the lives of Africans even more difficult.
1997 Implementation in Chile of the World Area Forecast System.
58. Continued high rates of population growth remain an issue of policy concern for many countries of the developing world.
32 (BC)
In India and Myanmar, there was a need to strengthen controls over the management of the affiliate workforce by ensuring that additional workforce arrangements for office support staff were compliant with the 2011 affiliate work force guidelines; and
In order to increase research capacity without excessive financial implications, two research assistants were now being reclassified as research officers.
Mandate: GA res. 58/203, para. 18
The anmen Rostrum is the symbol of the nation.
1. The Commission recognizes that the competence with respect to matters regarding disputes which may arise in connection with the establishment of the outer limits of the continental shelf rests with States.
Malaysia has, indeed, continued to be very much a success story, after the brutal shock caused by the Asian financial crisis.
Many developing States were unable to put in place coherent national strategies because of their international obligations.
B: They serve western food and Chinese food, but the Chinese food is much better
Mr Wen said: 鈥淚 can assure you that by instituting such a foreign exchange reserve investment company, it will not have any adverse impact on US dollar- denominated assets.鈥?
Furthermore, the complainants had been immediately released after questioning.
Losses
Programme
Field Operating Costs
Recent research on kids has connected the importance of sleep not only to cognition, but to behavior and mood as well
2. The Committee welcomes the submission of the State party's fifth periodic report, which gives detailed information on measures adopted by the State party to further the implementation of the Covenant, while observing that the report was submitted late and does not contain clear reference to the implementation of the Committee's previous concluding observations (CCPR/CO/79/Add.109).
 The customs administrations of 21 countries, extending from the Islamic Republic of Iran to New Zealand, cooperated in the system.
At first, Chang settle on house, transport facilities is the biggest reason.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
!Boys will be boys.John got into a fight again
Is tracheostomy associated with better outcomes for patients requiring long - term mechanical ventilation?
According to the patients, objects were fired at them during a military attack.
My female colleagues often talk about the way she is dressed," he said.
550. A statement in explanation of vote before the vote was made by the representative of Ireland (on behalf of the States members of the European Union that are members of the Commission Austria, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; the acceding country that is a member of the Commission Hungary aligned itself with the statement).
The Committee was further informed that the full payment required under the cost-sharing arrangements for security had been received on 28 June 2007 from the World Bank for the 2005 and 2006 arrears as well as for the 2007 assessment.
Major activities developed at country level since April 2012 are outlined below:
The Working Hours (Adjustment) Act also came into effect during this period.
8. Implement mercury-specific BAT/BEP controls and use existing air pollution control devices to reduce mercury content in flue gas and emissions.
Yet Bangladesh has been able to achieve satisfactory progress with the support of the United Nations system and bilateral and multilateral partners.
Mashivka Raion
23. The Cuban State recognizes and encourages the grass roots and social organizations that have emerged from the historic struggles of its people, and which bring together various sectors of the population, represent their specific interests and involve them in the tasks of building, consolidating and defending society.
The mission developed an integrated sector-wide programme funded through the trust fund administered by the World Bank, the UNTAET Trust Fund and bilateral initiatives.
As noted earlier, there is a scheme of rotation for divisional directors designed to improve the performance of those who have the potential, will and experience to progress to positions of greater responsibility.
All staff of the Secretariat by category/grade, average age and average length of service as at 30 June 2011
"(c) Firm deadlines should be set for the early submission of the reports of subsidiary organs which require consideration by the Fifth Committee;
The Group considers this a flagrant violation of the individual sanctions imposed by the Security Council, in particular of the assets freeze.
Partnership is the key in addressing our social problems and therefore the Government encourages cross-sectoral co-operation and sharing of resources in promoting social welfare programmes.
Article 34 of the Charter provided that the Assembly should carry out periodically a systematic and comprehensive consideration of the implementation of the Charter.
Recalling the issuance by the Department of Public Information, in consultation with the United Nations Development Programme, the specialized agencies and the Special Committee, of an information leaflet on assistance programmes available to the Non-Self-Governing Territories,
8. With regard to the creation of a Political Status Advisory Commission, the proposed Constitution states in article XVII that this should be done within two years of the adoption of the Constitution, with a term of office of three years.
Andorra
Involvement in criminal schemes , notably credit - card fraud , also provides cash to buy arms.
12. Ms. Bailey noted that there were high rates of teenage pregnancy and abortion, although the report stated that there were no restrictions on adolescent access to reproductive rights and health services.
These economies would then all be growing at much the same rate as one another.
Executive Board of WFP, first regular session [Economic and Social Council decision 1995/227 and General Assembly resolution 50/8]
3. The Working Group discussed correspondence that had been received by the secretariat since its fourteenth session.
To that end, one of my friends on the West Coast has begun serving as personal banker to his son.
Table 13:
But we were happy for a time.
Publications were produced for dissemination and the Arabic-language web site (www.arabhumanrights.org) was developed.
67/501, 67/502, 67/504 (A and B), and 67/554
These findings attest to the Government's ongoing cooperation with the settlements' expansion.
(b) One Fuel Supervisor (Field Service) position be reclassified as Fuel Assistant (Local level) in Kuwait;
Between November 2006 and January 2007, OPEC slashed its output by more than 1.5 million barrels a day and kept a clamp on production for nearly a year.
The capacity of UNOCI and the United Nations country team to support the implementation of previous peace agreements will remain to provide support to the new phase of the peace process, as outlined in section VII above.
1981 Director-General for Political Affairs, Argentine Foreign Ministry.
A vote was taken by secret ballot.
It might be premature, however, to recommend consideration of the draft articles as a basis for the elaboration of a convention, given that the issues highlighted by the Commission required further study and the gathering of further information on relevant State practice.
To divide the world into central and marginal countries is not merely an academic exercise or a matter of ideology.
Attempted armed robbery: 0
The number of United States and British aircraft violating the demilitarized zone that is reported by UNIKOM is, however, much lower than the actual number of 935 reported by the Iraqi authorities concerned.
 Numerous economic, social, family and other bonds permeating the life of the people were severed.
The second incident happened about three years ago and it was in my company office area.
The explicit statement that the various types of reparation could be obtained "singly or in combination" was viewed as particularly useful.
8. Recalls that the plan of action for the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism, updated as necessary, represents an important legislative authority for the attainment of self-government by the Non-Self-Governing Territories, and that the case-by-case assessment of the attainment of self-government in each Territory can make an important contribution to this process;
The role of IHFFC in this field has been expressly recognized by the General Assembly.
Congo (DRC) are almost equal in size to Western Europe, but the road is poor infrastructure, a few hundred miles of paved roads.
In order to achieve greater efficiency, it is important for the Conference on Disarmament to streamline both its agenda and its programme of work so as to allow delegations to play an effective part in each phase of the negotiations.
I urged the Taliban to reconsider its rejection, following the imposition of sanctions, of the mediating role of the United Nations, stressing that only through the United Nations could a comprehensive political solution be reached.
The consensus reached by NGOs through the "Beyond 2008" initiative undertaken by UNODC, in partnership with the Vienna NGO Committee on Drugs, provided a sound basis for an active and continuous partnership.
No credible institution for the protection of human rights exists in Liberia.
A good scientist needs not only money but competent colleagues and academic freedom.
At it's core the need - to - please disease is about living for others'approval.
102. On that basis the treatment of bilateral obligations is a relatively simple matter.
Rachel came into the classroom Monday morning and there was a note in her desk.
15. During the period under review, the United Nations peacekeeping presence in southern Lebanon underwent significant transformation.
The reviewers therefore recommend that Cuba should continue to monitor the situation to ensure that this safeguard is always observed with regard to confiscation of property.
It will be recalled that the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (General Assembly resolution 2200 A (XXI), annex) entered into force on 3 January 1976.
Owing to the heavy duty of quality control in laboratory quality control is just a form now and than.
ANNOUNCER: It's rather reassuring for radio presenters that the human voice is such a crucial part of the human auditory environment.
Government Decree No. 114/2002/NĐ - CP issued on December 31st, 2002 and Decree No. 205/2004/NĐ - CP issued on December 14th, 2004 and other instructive documents stipulate: the payroll and salary policy for workers must be based on merits of the works with no distinction on the ground of sex.
Taking stock: reviewing the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on the Information Society
I am a blunt man - a soldier should be so.
Medical aid
It is also exploring ways to relieve tensions in Bastara, where local farmers cultivate olive trees south of the Blue Line, and build confidence along the Hasbani/Wazzani River, where local entrepreneurs have established a series of resorts on the Lebanese side of the river along the Blue Line, as previously reported.
Hindu temples
3. Conditions of service applicable to both categories of staff
It is very important for a company to keep pace with the development of the market .
Add a new paragraph after paragraph 159, reading as follows:
Catering
There was a tendency in section 2 to confuse activities that were to be funded from the regular budget and those for which extrabudgetary resources would be used.
(c) Instruct the United Nations system, in particular the Department of Political Affairs, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Development Programme, to continue to build on current collaborations, to strengthen existing frameworks and to maintain efforts to deploy expertise on prevention;
Germany, Britain and the United States have demanded that Switzerland open itself up to foreign tax investigations.
(b) The Council should, through the ministerial declaration, put an end to the recent efforts to legitimize traditional practices which would undermine any progress made in the area of women's rights and prevent the achievement of all the Millennium Development Goals;
 The family of the Mammedovs consisting of six members (three of them women) were taken hostage by Armenians on 26 February 1992 while trying to escape the massacre in Khodjali.
`My Tess has, no doubt, almost as many experiences as that wild convolvulus out there on the garden hedge, that opened itself this morning for the first time.
OHCHR and United Nations country teams are encouraged to facilitate the participation of national stakeholders in United Nations human rights procedures, such as treaty reporting and the universal periodic review, and thereby to generate additional local ownership for follow-up
At the commencement of its third mandate, the ICTR has considered it a priority to elaborate a completion strategy.
A number of river- and lakebasin organizations also participate in integrated river basin management programmes and the GEF International Waters Projects Portfolio.
Helping the Disabled and Other Special Groups to Find WorkThe Chinese government attaches great importance to the rights of the disabled to social labor and employment.
So it will result in rigidity skin & block and solder balls etc.
APPOINTMENT OF THE CREDENTIALS COMMITTEE
Smaller countries and Germany's constitutional court would refuse to endow an ad hoc intergovernmental council.
Article 34.The Central Military Commission shall, in accordance with this Law, formulate the Regulations of the Chinese People's Liberation Army on the Guarding of Secrets.
This will help us to understand the impact of literary revolution on the development of child lyric.
Part XIII. Development Account
An office under the committee is responsible for routine work.
Almost half the companies surveyed are pessimistic about this year's business prospects, and only 5% are optimistic.
B. Criteria for technical cooperation engagement 15 - 23 5
You ever think maybe he was hurt that you left in the first place?
all this stuff belongs to fiona? is she a locksmith?
Thiant
    Lantau Link View Platform and Visitor Centre
TAC briefed on Ma On Shan Rail fares
Every step you take in your FitFlops improves your core muscle strength and encourages better posture and burns calories.
She was sorry for him because you led him on and teased him.
Based on those principles, we have signed the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas -- ALBA -- and, based on those principles, we hope that the international community will also provide the international solidarity needed by Taiwan, which is asking for that solidarity.
Comfortable in a fast - paced, multi - tasked, high - pressure, and high - energy environment.
837. In paragraph 172, UNOPS agreed with the Board's recommendation that it establish a short time frame to address the backlog of projects needing closure.
He asked leading questions to prosecution witnesses, corrected and completed their answers and instructed the court's secretary to record only those testimonies establishing Ashurov's guilt.
The loss-based marginal utility method and linear approximate programming approach are used to solve the loss constraint model.
312. In order to guarantee the right to residence for people who have lost their homes in the course of urban clearing, relocation costs are covered in addition to monetary compensation for expropriation of their property.
(Influenza Vaccination Subsidy Scheme)
Individual cases show that women completed their studies in smaller percentages, because of pregnancy and raising of kids.
262. In accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the attention of the Human Rights Council was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
This will facilitate coordination between ministries and regional and local authorities and ensure that related policies and administrative decisions are in compliance with the obligations under article 11 of the Covenant.
Cyprus
We have this rose color. We also have different shades of beige.
Kyrgyzstan
A wide range of failure was observed.
 "(d) To prevent access by South Africa to other sources of energy, including the supply of raw materials, technical know-how, financial assistance and transport;
We reject terrorism and must combat it at the level of every State as well as through regional and international cooperation.
Re-recognition of Traditional Chinese Morality: from the Historical Aspect
Such proposals, submitted by Member States and civil society, provided valuable groundwork for more detailed dialogue among Member States at future sessions.
"Recalling all its previous resolutions on the protection of migrants, the most recent of which is resolution 64/166 of 18 December 2009, and also Human Rights Council resolution 15/16 of 30 September 2010,
How many times have you been to France?
a Includes National Officers and national General Service staff.
In this connection, CEB members note that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has already launched a number of activities intended to empower staff members with the coordination skills and services to be provided at the field level.
Now the EU needs to stabilise its eastern neighbours not only for their own sake, but to fend off Russia and diversify away from its energy.
A small country of nearly 5 million inhabitants, Togo had nearly 200 newspapers, 40 of which were published on a regular basis.
It seems not.
Regulation 19
my son was with me last night, doing his homework, and he was not involved in -- whatever her name was -- this girl's suicide.
Ken Kitami
Finally, the analysis of value chain integration MICE tourism development trend - Modular management can be achieved.
May be extended up to 4 years of continuous employment or up to the total duration of 4 years in a 6-year period.
In addition, the law should provide for a regime of acquisition financing based on retention-of-title sales and financial leases.
Problems, for example, can arise from an incorrect interpretation of metaphors used or from the game-oriented style found in some western software or even from the inadequacy of individualistic learning models embedded in e-learning platforms.
l have the necessary equipment.
On 14 March 1989, the National High Court decided that this abduction would be investigated by central court of investigation No. 5.
In accordance with the arrangements adopted by the Assembly, the Secretary-General reports to it annually on the administration of the Fund.
The phrase was heavy on my lips, stubbornly resistant to knowledge.
P1.2 Countries with at least 80% of women attended at least four times during their pregnancy by any provider (skilled or unskilled) for reasons related to the pregnancy
61. States should design and implement initiatives that take into account the existence and impact of the multiple and intersecting forms of discrimination experienced by indigenous girls, girl adolescents and young women.
For we hear that some among you are leading an undisciplined life, doing no work at all, but acting like busybodies
Recommendation 5
Agenda item 136 (Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations (A/69/11, A/69/11/Add.1 and A/69/70))
At headquarters, recently retired assets were stored in the basement.
Well, now we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement.
In ancient Greece, Greek people regarded a well-built body as a gift from gods on Mount Olympus.
Albanian skiers
These impulses, when fed into a receiver (television set), can then be electronically reconstituted into that same image.Television is more than just an electronic system, however
The slotting system applied to the most manageable portion of the documentation, since it covered reports prepared by the Secretariat in response to requests from intergovernmental bodies, which represented around 40 per cent of the workload.
The General Assembly took note of document A/54/398.
But, if Europe is to respond effectively, it must move beyond crisis mode to understand both what it is facing and what it wants to achieve.
This concrete commitment is the culmination of dialogue established by UNICEF with the Forces nouvelles in 2003.
In its resolution 1998/16 of 9 April 1998,15 the Commission decided to reconvene the working group of intergovernmental experts, on the same basis.
Malawi
"In the case of a plurilateral or multilateral treaty which is the constituent instrument of an international organization, the consent of the organization, expressed through a decision of its competent organ, shall be necessary to establish the admissibility of a reservation not specifically authorized by such instrument and to constitute the reserving State a party to the instrument."
[7 July 2011]
The selection process will also be guided by General Assembly resolutions reaffirming the goal of 50/50 gender distribution in all categories of posts within the United Nations system and the provisions of Assembly resolution 55/238 (sect. 1), reaffirmed by the Assembly in its resolution 56/241, relating to the proper representation of troop-contributing countries in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Now that you have a sense of how the Dispatcher works, you might be surprised to know that you will not find use for it in most cases.
Party Approved for 2013
As a first step to informing and guiding its work, the Working Group has consulted with relevant United Nations country teams, peacekeeping operations and peace-building support offices in the field to find out to what extent child protection has been incorporated in their work and draw on any lessons they may have learned in their efforts to do so.
Jeffrey Nordling
Room's sanitary conditions are too bad, saw black beetle in two days.
Furthermore, the Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the roll-out of the Umoja enterprise resource planning system during the same period had also contributed to the delay, with many of the finance personnel involved in the preparation of opening balances being sent to peacekeeping missions to support the clean-up of open and unreconciled items in the Umoja system.
We hope that this momentum will be maintained and that it can be a positive contribution to the current disarmament process.
The rights of TK holders may be acknowledged in different terms: up-front payments, royalties, fees for material services, involvement of local researchers and communities in R&D, milestone payments etc.
Donor
Our Birth is our Opening Balance!
The evaluative result accords with the qualitative practical conclusion.
Moreover, there was no systematic monitoring of recommendations arising out of those exercises to determine if specific process improvements had been achieved.
Uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators, and he is undoubtedly his own best advocate.
In the ensuing discussion, representatives of the Ligue Marocaine, the Association of World Citizens, AIDE-Fédération, and CORV addressed the important role of bilateral cooperation in strengthening the enjoyment of older persons' rights and how it could be further reinforced.
The University for Peace community will continue to grow and to be strengthened.
Indigenous issues [66]
Well, lookie. Lookie here. What is this?
17. Mr. Dorani (Department of Public Information) added that nine Palestinian journalists were shortly due to commence a six-week training programme run by the Department.
Three aspects of social adaptation make up the model of social adaptation of personality through interrelation, interaction and interfusing .
41. On 6 February 2008, DOJ and FTC held a public workshop on technical assistance.
2. This annex -- and the report to which it is attached -- cannot reconcile this tension.
(viii) Employment
The key to success is diversity of talents and perspectives.
 First, coherent policies and partnerships must be forged among the United Nations, the international community and donors if the goals of various international conferences, including the Social Summit, are to be realized.
12. On 9 July 2007, the State party explained that the time elapsed before the trial was normal, given the large number of cases waiting to be heard in the district of Montreal, the relative urgency of these cases, the anticipated duration of the hearing in the author's case and the number of parties involved.
Women's associations
This is where using OSS can make a difference.
That is why swaggering talk of letting them burn next time is empty.
Working Group on a Draft Budget for the
Especial attention will be devoted to the following:
On terrorism and human rights, France has two imperatives to reconcile: ensuring the security of citizens and preserving, in the fight against terrorism, a very high level of respect for human rights.
103. While subregional profiles are considered to be relevant and useful, some Parties have reservations about the establishment of regional profiles, as some regions are so diverse that a regional profile might prove difficult to establish.
Study on the Obligate Deformation of Flexible Protection System for Railway Passenger Dedicated Line Paralleled the Highway
Where the parties to a bill of exchange have agreed otherwise regarding the type of currency in payment, such agreement shall be complied with.
Payments for SSA contracts were sometimes being processed without any certification that the contract holder had satisfactorily performed the services stipulated in the contract document.
In fact, not strangers, they are the one person: they have the same memories and thoughts.
60. Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly.5
Crime prevention and criminal justice
The coordination platform would focus mainly on regularly updating regional infrastructure priorities, identified through a bottom-up process involving local academics and experts and coordinated by my Special Envoy, in key areas such as agriculture, water management, integrated infrastructure, including telecommunications, solar energy and health care and education.
[Article 19 bis. Procedure for amendments to article 19, paragraph 1
The small farmers cannot reproduce any more seeds by themselves.
United Nations Population Fund (1988)
25. The Police Professional Standards Unit was established four years ago and there is room for improvement.
Staff assessment
article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention (24), as at 22 August 1997 . 107
Negotiations in trade in services should fully observe the objectives stipulated in the GATS - including the Preamble, Article IV and Article XIX - as well as the development provisions of the WTO Guidelines and Procedures for the Negotiations on Trade in Services, including in relation to effective multilateral commitments on services sectors and modes of supply of export interest to developing countries.
Accession: Mexico (26 September 2007)1
I have to put all of these bags on the back seat
We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people, and forge a hard-earned peace in Afghanistan.
9. In 2000/01, the Cisco Learning Institute/International Youth Foundation Project in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip funded 60 training scholarships under the Cisco Networking Academy Programme.
 The establishment of the three inter-agency task forces on basic social services, employment and sustainable livelihoods and the enabling environment for economic and social development has proved to be instrumental in providing United Nations system-wide support and assistance, through Resident Coordinators, to national Governments in implementing the Summit goals.
Existing national legislation was inadequate for addressing the challenges posed given the shortcomings in registering, licensing and providing effective and transparent accountability mechanisms and remedies for human rights violations.
 Currently 84 per cent of students sponsored by the Programme are placed in South Africa and other low-cost countries, and only 16 per cent are pursuing their studies in high-cost countries in short-term specialized courses.
They also maintain vital ecosystem functions such as the conservation of biodiversity, soil conservation, water supply, water quality and flood control, among others.
 We feel that the reform and structural adjustment measures should be designed and implemented taking fully into account the special needs of the vulnerable sections of the society.
Winchester Model 1912
The two had shared a common-law marriage for 3 years and 10 months.
Project Manager
Answer: Carve a house this words to say like too.
Page
:: ban all arms transfers to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, except for small arms and light weapons
The United States continues to encourage GNSS and radio-navigation satellite services partners to complete the space service volume templates, develop specifications and publish constellation antenna data.
I always want a little something to eat about this time of day.
Austria: Elke Atzler, Susanne Keppler-Schlesinger, Rosa-Anna Weiss, Eveline Hoenigsperger
Making educational and vocational information readily available
19. The Ethics Office and the Policy and Administrative Law Section of DHR have increased their collaboration in responding to those who ask for permission to engage in outside activities, and this is resulting in the provision of more substantive and better-coordinated advice.
(g) Paul Joseph Mannemplavan, in alliance with Mr. Mulyata, owns a grinding mill in Cazombo, which supplies mealie meal to the UNITA military forces;
Some of these experts are employed as consultants of the secretariats and are therefore not entirely independent.
Agenda item 136: Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
She could have done better
The Government had established seven teaching centres, each specializing in a different field of health, and had supplied essential hospital equipment for the delivery of family planning services, operating room facilities, technical apparatus, audio-visual devices and computers.
Forrest: Momma says that stupid is as stupid does.
52. Some of the laws have yet to be amended to be on par with the provisions of the relevant Human Rights Conventions that have been ratified by PNG.
Now China has become a country of aging population.
6 June-1 July 2005
Magda: Perhaps you could help set up for cricket
Camera crews have been thrown out of a hospital in the Dadaab refugee camp, in Kenya, in an effort to preserve the dignity of the patients.
It implies the story of an early prototype development in a certain degree.
There is no amnesty today and there will not be any in the future.
so I'm thinking it's some kind of wall or serious impediment.
These included: improved lighting for new bus shelters and in all new rail stations and bus depots; radio contact for all late night bus services in Belfast; double-glazed windows on all new buses and trains; and greater use of on-board video on Metro Citybus services.
It endangers life, the planet and peace.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/66/479)
A low return on investment could be the result of demand-side factors, related to, say, income distribution or financial-sector activities.
8. High energy prices, coupled with climate change, had led to food price increases and widespread drought, particularly in Africa.
Nagoya is our chance to turn the situation around.
If you are trying to leverage communities as part of your marketing efforts, there are a few things you need to change in your approach.
Moreover, the clash within Islam is likely to be destabilizing regionally and counterproductive to the interests of the free world.
The Commission on Human Rights was superseded, in 2006, by the Human Rights Council.
Foot control connect terminal is convenient for welder operation.
Bearing in mind the importance of the participation of relevant organs, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, within their respective mandates, in Earthwatch, in particular in its environmental monitoring programmes, and the need for early warning capabilities in those programmes,
During its first active period the Group agreed on activities to be implemented and began its work, but the work could not continue because of financial constraints.
To become a true all-around ' Cyclops ' must practice the lascivious child, but which is also the most difficult to practice.
Fine.I'll talk to robert.
In preparation for 2015, partners will bring together stakeholders to review and identify strategies to maintain the momentum and establish the process necessary to monitor progress effectively from 2015 to 2035.
the United Nations and of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations
26. Senior Mission support leadership will remain in Juba, from where it will provide strategic direction and policy guidance and liaise with the Government of South Sudan, United Nations Headquarters and other peacekeeping operations.
The facts we have set out above provide a clear explanation of the demographic context of poverty in Angola.
The next morning, on waking, she thought of that strange young man, so long indifferent and icy, who now seemed to pay attention to her, and it did not appear to her that this attention was the least in the world agreeable to her.
The timing is ripe, therefore, for Montreal Protocol Parties to begin reflecting on the long-term needs of the Protocol and its institutions.
lies the reason for the need of separation technology and apparatus.
They flew the coop before the police arrived.
6. Yes, I myself built it
A week for the letter and a month for the book.
And, like most countries that experience frequent seismic activity, New Zealand has incorporated earthquake design principles into its building code.
It is about 13% of the broader M2 supply, which includes time deposits, such as certificates of deposit, and is pushing 7% of gross domestic product.
Chinese History
The Permanent Mission of France further has the honour to inform the Secretary-General that the French National Registry of Objects Launched into Outer Space contained 305 space objects as at the end of 2012.
Action taken to implement decisions and requests
The aim of the funding is to create a greater diversity in the day-care sector by especially attracting and keeping more male pedagogues.
48. At the suggestion of the Secretary-General (A/BUR/56/1, para. 39), the General Committee draws the General Assembly's attention to recommendation 6 of the Committee on Conferences, which reads as follows:
It is further concerned that some children are sold by their parents for forced labour, and that, if recovered, these children may be brought back to live with their parents.
Worcester County, Massachusetts
Oh, sure . We'll have a son who's a scientist.
Now we're talking. Only question is how much is it to buy a vowel?
6. Despite the indisputable importance of the Convention, however, the fact remains that its existence does not constitute an end to the march towards full transformation of ideas, attitudes, values, and behaviours towards persons with disabilities.
The first recorded games were held here in 776 BC
(a) Enhanced capacity of intergovernmental bodies, especially the Commission on the Status of Women, for the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women, including the integration of gender perspectives in their spheres of activity
b. Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of the Conference (10);
So this article  determine  limited water level of after main flood season by fuzzy pattern.
D10 Obstruction of the work of the justice system
Shoppers need to look out for hydrogenated fats when buying things like biscuits.
Cash and term deposits, beginning of biennium
The Forum had pointed to the importance of:
Budget section
While the Appellate Body of WTO has only exceptionally recognized and performed an evolutive interpretation, an evolutive approach to interpretation has become a characteristic feature of the jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights (European Convention on Human Rights as a "living instrument").
The review was undertaken both in the Committee on Rules and Judicial Practice and in the plenary.
Progress report on the development of the data exchange standards and transaction log
26. At its 51st meeting, on 23 July, the Council had before it a draft resolution submitted by the Vice-President of the Council, Jagdish Koonjul (Mauritius), on the basis of informal consultations (E/2004/L.29/Rev.1, subsequently reissued as E/2004/L.53).
19. The Special Rapporteur is also extremely worried by allegations of the forced resignation of NLD members following various forms of intimidation and threats.
 In this statement, I propose to make a few comments about how we, the international community, should now proceed to implement the Programme of Action.
Would you be interested in coming to the cinema with me this weekend Gao: With you Spencer
Therefore, in my statement, I want to deal with one of the important aspects of this matter, and that is the prevention and control of non-communicable diseases (NCDs).
Such a form of propaganda chosen by the organization directly contradicts the requirement of paragraph 7 (a) of the questionnaire adopted by the Committee, which reads as follows: `All documents must adhere to the United Nations terminology with respect to territories and countries'.
2. Also reaffirms the right of everyone to have access to safe, sufficient and nutritious food, consistent with the right to adequate food and the fundamental right of everyone to be free from hunger, so as to be able to fully develop and maintain his or her physical and mental capacities;
It "applies customary environmental rules, such as the prior assessment of proposed actions, activities, and projects if they are likely to cause significant transboundary air pollution, the duty to notify the other state concerning such activities or projects as well as those that create the risk of significant transboundary harm, and to consult on request of the other party".
Documents:
:: Renewable energy: led by FAO and UNEP, with support of UNESCO
However, it considers that there is nothing in this case that involves interpreting a provision of the Covenant as impairing the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.
The institutional inter-agency arrangements mentioned elsewhere in this report are all tasked with the supervision of preparation of reports under respective human rights treaties.
Also, lactation feeds may contain added fat, animals by-products, or other additives that reduce palatability.
11. Encourages donors to work on national timetables, by the end of 2010, to increase aid levels within their respective budget allocation processes towards achieving the established official development assistance targets;
"If a man lets a field or vineyard be grazed bare and lets his animal loose so that it grazes in another man's field, he shall make restitution from the best of his own field and the best of his own vineyard.
Participated in Human Rights Commission sessions in 2004 - 2005, and Human Rights Council 2006, 2009, 2010 Geneva.
Other speakers drew attention to the fact that, for some indigenous groups in the areas of the Amazon and the Andes, coca leaf was an ancestral and sacred crop, a part of their religious beliefs, traditions and cultural identity.
Non-standard information technology by category
This difficulty in arriving at an acceptable definition of "serious breach" provides additional strong grounds for the deletion of these articles.
It will be on the shelves with all the other chocolate biscuits and Arnott's have no control over who will eat the products.
It is clear that developing countries, especially the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries, small island developing States and other countries in Africa cannot meet their development challenges without external assistance.
The analysis of diplomatic ranks in diplomatic missions and consular offices shows higher representation of men with senior diplomatic ranks than women.
In addition, the Committee is concerned that the privatization of health services has an adverse impact on women's capacity to access such services.
Before we move ahead with this question let's first define provisioning.
Draft Legislative Guide on Secured Transactions
Adobe is shaped into bricks that are laid one on top of another and used as a low cost way to build walls and houses.
Information before the Committee further refers to the failure of the judiciary system and indicates that cases related to sexual violence are only filed without being investigated.
User intervention is still needed, however, to inject the pushdown logic into the generated template.
He was the first ruler of the empire.
Mindful of the close link between the MDGs and the PRSPs, UNDP supported poverty reduction strategy processes in almost every International Development Association (IDA) country, focusing primarily on capacity development, monitoring, the participation of civil society and the analysis of pro-poor policy options.
[All are invited to attend.
Presidency of the General Assembly
However, vegans vegetarians who also avoid dairy products - scored significantly lower, averaging an IQ score of 95 at the age of 10
They go out and buy the best they can.鈥?
The extent to which the NAP has been integrated into various national sustainable development frameworks will be analysed, and resource gaps that need to be filled if the NAP objectives are to be achieved will be identified.
The answer is not elimination of private enterprise in the media.
29. Rights-based financial policies in the ESCWA region need to be linked to a broader industrial strategy that fosters productivity growth and the development of domestic production capability in selected areas aimed at exhibiting increasing returns when possible.
Round table 5 External debt
64. Covering more than 7,000 m2, the Nantes Memorial is the largest memorial in the world dedicated to the fight against slavery.
Also, relevant supporting documentation related to QA/QC implementation, uncertainty evaluation, or key category analyses should be kept on file.
Centuries in Alabama
Freshwater species
Countries need to continue their efforts to achieve a stable and predictable investment climate, with proper contract enforcement and respect for property rights.
Nonetheless, such a modification of the treaty, which has implications for all the parties, arises not from the reservation, but from the unanimous consent of the States and organizations that are parties to the treaty.
The customs office shall let them pass after checking the sanitization certificate issued by the health and quarantine organ.
The Committee was reminded that document A/C.2/58/L.50 contained a statement of programme budget implications on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.30.
2 Receptionists, OL
Affirming the necessity for establishing arrangements for cooperation and for the implementation of relevant policies and commitments;
Noting with appreciation the continuation of the annual parliamentary meetings organized by the Inter-Parliamentary Union, as well as the programme of side events held during the sessions of the Commission,
(2) Venue of negotiations to be determined;
Figure 7 shows changes in illicit drug seizures at the global level in the 10year period 1993-2004.
He was later released on bail pending trial.
Portability: Cement kilns are available only in fixed configurations.
The Meeting approved the report of the Credentials Committee (SPLOS/254).
he was caught while stealing in the shop, he was green around the gills. 6.
66. During the unilateral ceasefire, two deaths and eight injuries of children were attributed to CPN (Maoist).
Initiatives include researching, training, elaboration of reports, developing dialogues with governments and civil society representatives on migration policies and other related policies which impact the rights of migrants and their families;
The applicant, a Canadian communications satellite operator, sought recognition and enforcement of an award issued in New York against the respondent, a communications services provider.
An empowering approach entails ensuring that social, economic, political and legal institutions are open and inclusive; developing strategies to build human and social capital and to give a voice to the individuals and the groups to which they belong; and actively promoting participation by, inter alia, addressing discrimination.
Landlocked developing countries have not been able to fully participate in regional and global value chains.
He took a week's holiday at my insistence.
On 4 February, the members of the Council considered a draft resolution proposed by the Group of Friends of the Central African Republic, including Canada.
Two reports to the Commission on topics to be decided by the Commission; and three reports to the expert meetings of the Commission on specific topics to be determined by the Commission;
Suitable legal and policy concepts are critical to recognizing better the connection between finance and gross human rights violations, taking into consideration the fungibility of the money and the complexity of the administrative and economic structures and the dynamics of authoritarian regimes.
33. Similarly, in Argentina, the Government is developing a comprehensive reform of the Code of Military Justice, which has been in force since 1951.
Employment inequities
2. Decides to approve resources in the amount of 28,099,800 United States dollars (at the exchange rate of 1.2 Swiss francs to 1 dollar) proposed for the biennium 2008 - 2009 under section 13, International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008 - 2009;
Establishments abroad employed 669 women, including 87 diplomats.
You can be happy with who you are, not who he wants you to be.
The terms of reference of the panel are as follows:
42. At the root of the problem was Morocco's refusal to accept the negotiated settlement plan and allow the referendum on self-determination to be held.
42. Welcoming the provision by individual Member States of grants and stipends for Palestinian refugees, he announced his Government's support for intensifying the work of the United Nations Conciliation Commission for Palestine.
The second part: The countryside resident film and television medium contact present situation, mainly summarizes national and the investigation farmer film and television medium contact condition.
On 8 May, Gen. Ntaganda and all the mutineers under his command had joined Col. Makenga in Rutshuru, at the foot of Mounts Mikeno and Karisimbi, near the Rwandan border, after an exchange of fire with Government forces at Kibumba.
Continued growth gave the impression that all was well.
In a multi - functional space is the integration of the small room often encounter problems.
African deities
He fled Germany as Adolph Hitler came to power in 1933.
Case 357: MAL 5; 8(1); 16 - Canada: British Columbia Supreme Court; Continental Commercial Systems Corp. v. Davies Telecheck International, Inc. (17 November 1995)
I hope you will do a good job in leading these productive enterprises, otherwise you cannot be called good Marxists.
Computer museum
He reiterated his call for the majority, and eventually all, of the remaining detainees to be freed as soon as possible, preferably through an amnesty or a series of amnesties.
Results from corruption surveys identify areas and sectors with higher vulnerability to corruption, with the view of supporting countries' efforts to develop effective anti-corruption policies and measures.
In May 2000, the Foundation organized and hosted a meeting on the theme "From the ad hoc tribunals (former Yugoslavia and Rwanda) to a permanent court".
Five-Year Plans of South Korea
"Well, now, just how much money would it take to buy a half interest here?
In addition, the assertion that our NATO allies are manipulated with impunity by the United States simply is not true.
Since the last quadrennial report, RI has been invited with increasing frequency to participate at the highest levels in conferences and meetings of the Economic and Social Council and other United Nations agencies.
Individual silversmiths in the borderland minority nationality regions and in the coastal areas where relatives of overseas Chinese live in relatively concentrated communities may, with the approval of the People's Bank of China at county level or above and the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, engage in the making and repairing of gold and silver articles for individuals, but shall not purchase and sell gold and silver articles.
From the perspective of historical development CPC's ideas of economic development is in line with the thinking of its historical situation and the level of China's economic development.
Islam
Because I knew that it was special, unique.
They're like basketball players who are watching the scoreboard when they should be watching their teammates.
b. Parliamentary documentation: final document; working papers (20);
In practice, the order prohibited defence lawyers from having access to any trial documents other than the statement made by their own client to the investigative judge and also prevented their being present during the investigation of other accused persons.
Connie said in a low frightened voice, " Tom, is Sonny coming here? "
Postponing the future status process will reinforce this fatigue and weaken the ability of the international community to conduct this process.
c Succession.
97. Furthermore, Myanmar delegation led by a lady with the capacity of the Deputy Minister attended the Ministerial level meeting of the Non-Alignment Movement held at Malaysia from 7 to 10 May 2005 and discussed matters for development of women.
I wish to inform the Assembly that, in addition to the 51 sponsors listed in the document A/65/L.28, the following countries have been added to the list of sponsors: Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Bahrain, Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Croatia, Djibouti, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Greece, Grenada, Jamaica, Kenya, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Malaysia, Maldives, Malta, Mauritius, Montenegro, Myanmar, New Zealand, Oman, Palau, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines, Poland, Qatar, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, Samoa, Serbia, Seychelles, Spain, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Viet Nam and Zambia.
Friday, 29 October 2010, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., at the Permanent Mission of Japan (866 United Nations Plaza, Suite 230).
The bridge was washed away.
The facility has expanded communication links with the United Nations, the United Nations Office at Geneva and International Computing Centre.
Customs and attitudes, like individuals themselves, are largely shaped by the surrounding environment.
After that we be addicted to study.
Taking note of the recent reports of the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, as well as of other relevant recent reports of the Human Rights Council,
Rocky: Oh no, no, no, they're on to me.
The success of the new programme of action would depend on the least developed countries themselves taking ownership of and a leadership role in effectively implementing policy choices, in full flexibility and within an adequate policy space, each according to its conditions, with the enhanced, predictable and targeted support of development partners needed for the socio-economic transformation of the least developed countries.
National accounts
"No, no, child, not him.
Now that I am no longer young, I have friends whose mothers have passed away
2008-2009: 90 per cent
The meeting was called to order at 9:15 a.m.
Small four-line notes had appeared in all of the daily newspapers.
Parties differ in their views on which body the Adaptation Committee should regularly report to on its activities, progress in implementing its work programme and recommendations.
69. At the regional level, the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization will review in 2014 the 19 areas it has closed to bottom fishing, as well as other potential areas.
For the financial year ending March 31, 2003, this flexibility was invoked for some $70 million of departmental expenditure.
Bulgaria 77 45
Main Committees
Informal consultations on agenda item 143 (Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations: (a) Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations: Reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment (A/51/967 and Corr.1-2, A/C.5/52/39, A/53/465 and A/ 53/944 and Corr.1))
88. For Croatia (on 21 March 2014, on the principal claim):
resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
A/65/85
If media could follow up by exposing those listed polluters who fail or even refuse to disclose, it will help generate public pressure on the companies to meet the legal requirements.
Chinese companies often compete for the same asset. Both Shanghai Automotive and Nanjing Auto bid for Rover when the UK carmaker went chassis-up.
Expressing grave concern at the trial, conviction and continued arbitrary house arrest of the General Secretary of the National League for Democracy, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, and the rejection of her judicial appeal by the Myanmar Supreme Court,
A. Opening and duration of the session
Railway loop lines
Myctophiformes
For example, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Western European Union (WEU) carry out certain tasks authorized by the Security Council which UNPROFOR does not have either the mandate or the means to accomplish.
In the Special Housing Units at VSPW, it was alleged that over 50 per cent of the 54 women detained there at the time of the Special Rapporteur's visit were taking psychotropic medication.
The 2005 world summit resolved to fully implement the Hyogo Declaration and the Hyogo Framework for Action 2005-2015, adopted at the World Conference on Disaster Reduction, in particular those commitments related to assistance to developing countries that are prone to natural disasters and disaster-stricken States in the transition phase towards sustainable physical, social and economic recovery, for risk reduction activities in post-disaster recovery and rehabilitation processes.
Finally, the role of the Security Council in maintaining peace was very important, but it should not be involved in the activities of the ICC.
kk The Committee invited the State party to submit its seventh periodic report, which was due in February 2007, and its eighth periodic report, due in February 2011, in a combined report in 2011.
I regret to inform you of the ongoing obstruction of efforts to resuscitate the Middle East peace process and the deterioration of the situation due to Israel's relentless pursuit of unlawful and destructive policies against the Palestinian people and throughout the Palestinian land.
Writing views are systematic thoughtful ideas about writing process based on a writers practical social life.
With the recent war in Gaza, the Palestinian national movement will align itself, under Hamas’s leadership, with this regional development.
You'll need to perform a custom installation of Windows 7 and then reinstall your programs.
Article 43 If a unit or individual engages in business operations without obtaining a business licence and the taxation authority confiscates commodities or goods and materials pursuant to the provisions of Article 25 of the Tax Administration Law, the party concerned shall pay its taxes within 15 days of the date of confiscation.
The Ecuadorian Housing Bank (Banco Ecuatoriano de la Vivienda) funds numerous social housing plans and programmes in all the country's provinces, with an emphasis on meeting the housing demands of the 5,571 families affected by the eruption of the Tungurahua volcano.
The officer told the men to close up their ranks.
5. Under the terms of paragraphs 6, 7 and 9 of its resolution 2012/21, the Economic and Social Council:
It would be desirable to distribute a summary of the report and the concluding observations to the Roma community, in the Roma language.
This means that you must have the exact amount of the fare as you board the bus.
This is a chance for lifetime,you'd better let yourself go.
The High-level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence in the areas of development, humanitarian assistance and the environment, which is co-chaired by the Prime Ministers of Mozambique, Pakistan and Norway, submitted its report to the Secretary-General on 9 November 2006.
Article 32 The State shall practise a system of animal and plant epidemic prevention and quarantine.
Mr Harschbarger had to resort to a chainsaw to cut Gracie free.
Report of the World Health Organization (CEDAW/C/2000/II/3/Add.2)
 With reference to comment 2, it was suggested that the use of the word "should" in the first sentence might give the erroneous impression that the requirement to keep a record was not mandatory.
Kyrgyzstan stated in its second report (at page 20) in response to subparagraph 3 (e) of the resolution that, under article 12 of the Kyrgyzstan Constitution, international treaties and agreements which have taken effect in accordance with a procedure prescribed by law, are an integral part of the laws of Kyrgyzstan.
International aid plays an important role in implementing the strategic plan and helps MINSA by providing technical support for planning, implementation and monitoring (WHO).
Increased labour migrations are an additional source of family tension and disintegration and are contributing to increased responsibilities for women.
1. The Workshop on Mars Exploration underscored the extraordinary cooperative effort among nations that was developing in current and continuing robotic exploration of Mars.
The same schedule of health condition monitoring is envisaged for primary and secondary school students.
You see the flag everywhere now, 4) what so proudly we hail
7. On 2 January 1999, the Ministry of External Relations of the Sudan, in inviting the Special Rapporteur to visit the country, reiterated the firm commitment of the Government to constructive assistance and cooperation during the visit and expressed confidence that by building on transparency, objectivity and neutrality the Government of the Sudan and the Special Rapporteur would accomplish the tasks assigned by the Commission on Human Rights.
Behind the bar , Bruno Tattaglia made a lighter magically and held it to Luca's cigarette.
Modelling and optimization of grid operation of the gas transportation system "Ushgorod Corridor" of Wolgotransgas (Gazprom)
Cork City
The Coliseo de la Ciudad Deportiva, an emblematic sports facility in Cuba, has been unable to purchase the air conditioning system necessary for its proper operation, because the main manufacturers and suppliers of the required equipment are from the United States, generating $550,000 in lost income.
6.15. Youth should be actively involved in the planning, implementation and evaluation of development activities that have a direct impact on their daily lives.
11. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) reported that the fiscal position of the Palestinian Authority was precarious and that it remained highly dependent on external budget support to pay civil servant salaries and to deliver key services.
Approved posts for the biennium 2012-2013
Purpose To observe the relationship between enterovirual infection and pathogenesis of Keshan disease.
Once the bottle goes through the window,then what?
Don't worry, sir. He'll be there.
Examples of best practices in supporting existing clusters/networks
One must admit that this view of value and the good life has a definite appeal.
This thesis is the conclusion of studying about the situation of family in knowledge study and it mainly analyses the representation and process of family rules.
Post-IPO, it became easier for employees to cash out their stake in the company.
Companies established in 1888
)winning: Successful; victorious/ Of or relating to the act of winningThese winning trades return a profit equal to the median profit on the winning trades used in the first column
He has authored research papers published by Harvard Asia Pacific Review, Nanjing University Press, and the National Science Foundation.
II. Progress in meeting human rights and gender targets
The latter went to countries with inadequate or no legislation on child pornography to take advantage of this vacuum and abused children when sure of their impunity.
(e) Model Business Class Interaction
Attendance 10
You won't go so far as to cheat me, will you?
The Secretary-General shall be responsible for the administration and budget of the General Secretariat.
Not even the fee for the gaming licence which I would like you to put up personally.
President of the Governing Council
Salmon is added in the form of cut - offs from fresh salmon used for smoking.
Food production and distribution are vital to society.
Feel good
Latvia
This means that farms have to use procurement, inventory management and process control techniques similar to those used in manufacturing industries.
Remarkably, he could read, yet, in spite of his reading skills, Steve was failing.
179. There is a desperate need to establish a system to obtain data on persons living in their own houses, persons renting housing by private arrangement and workers living in employerprovided accommodation.
The picture shows China's agricultural machinery arrived in Zimbabwe.
The answer is simple: plenty.
Nairobi
Mr. Gaeta will you please tell D to get on the scrambler and inform Apollo the back door is open?
In Aceh Province, Indonesia, a rapid health assessment in the town of Calang 2 weeks after the December 2004 tsunami found that 100% of the survivors drank from unprotected wells and that 85% of residents reported diarrhea in the previous 2 weeks (18).
Sustainable development and human settlements
Ambassador of Ecuador to Austria, 1995-1997
In addition, a project run by agricultural extension workers with the support of UNFPA is currently under way, aiming to raise awareness among men in rural areas.
80. Of total core-funded development-related expenditures of $4.9 billion, some 44 per cent, or $2.2 billion, were country programmable resources.
They had each lived with a member of the opposite sex for less than one year. Their partners were not the fathers of their children.
the timing of CST requests be aligned to the reporting cycles;
Gave speeches, trainings and workshops in various schools and organizations
Some foreign regulators – such as the Bank of England – have agreed not to act preemptively in a resolution process run by the FDIC.
I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
As has already been mentioned, relief organizations are highly concerned with preserving their legitimate status of neutrality and impartiality, with one foot in and one foot out of the integrated mission.
The majority of the world's population still lives in poverty.
He was unable to cite any case law that invoked the CEDAW Convention.
The funds and programmes urgently required an adequate and predictable level of funding, particularly core resources, so that they could continue their efforts to support the priorities of national governments.
943. Other important achievements relate to the consolidation of ambulatory care, strengthening the emergency services and implementing a telemedical project.
Promising approaches to respond to the twin pandemics of violence and HIV are illustrating the value of community engagement and mobilization, demonstrating how addressing root causes of inequalities between men and women can help to encourage men's engagement in health care and HIV prevention and contribute to transforming harmful gender norms.
20. In preparation for the cantonment and disarmament of combatants, the Joint Monitoring Committee is collecting information from the armed groups on the numbers and location of their forces.
Under construction
Ahem! That's your cue.
6. The working group recognized that while it had over the past four years covered extensive ground in identifying obstacles existing at the national and international levels impeding progress towards the realization of the right to development, its findings and conclusions had not been adequately followed.
Caution: Valve repair should only be performed by qualified maintenance personnel.
But outside Japan, the word keiretsu became attached to any loose network of alliances between more than two organisations.
Legislation was considerably reformed with the introduction in 2004 of a new employment code.
Genetic analyses of human skin are revealing more about what makes us look old.
Here soldiers gather next to a vehicle destroyed by an IED, as their wounded comrades are airlifted by a Medevac helicopter. (AFP)
Japan shares the goal of the total elimination of nuclear weapons, which is the main focus of this draft resolution.
In our view, female genital mutilation is a culturally-specific practice which is not condoned by Islamic law.
A: I used your computer.
In the new millennium,the issue of development has caught redoubled attention from various countries in the world.
Portugal
IV. World space observatory
(d) Cost of transporting nine cars from Bulgaria back to Kuwait
16. The Secretary-General of UNCTAD is encouraged to invite to expert meetings experts from regional and international organizations, civil society, academia, and interested private institutions and enterprises.
Since its first dispatch of military observers to the UN peacekeeping activities in 1990, the PLA of China has successively taken part in 10 UN peace-keeping operations.So far it has sent more than 650 mili-tary observers, liaison officers, advisors or staff officers and 800 (in two batches) engineering officers and men to the UN peacekeeping operations.
Susan: Why don't we both stop getting divorced? That would be a nice family tradition.
Every time and charm date, smell wears my metropolis devouringly on her body the sort of small sweet, small hot flavour, pestering her body.
2000-present Representative of the Czech Republic in the Consultative Council of European Judges of the Council of Europe
40. As communicated to the Board, the finalization of memoranda of understanding is largely dependent upon the legislative process of each troop-contributing country and therefore the rate of progress in signing memoranda of understanding was often dependent on factors beyond the control of the Department.
1. On 14 April 1994, I submitted a report to the Security Council on the situation in South Africa and the work of the United Nations Observer Mission (UNOMSA) in that country (S/1994/435).
In other words, it is not enough to just offer tax breaks or loans to Singaporean firms and hope they will invest abroad.
' she said in a wondering voice.
(i) To promote a climate of respect for the security of United Nations and associated personnel and other personnel carrying out activities in fulfilment of the mandate of a United Nations operation;
Paragraph 270
The translational partition function times the vibrational partition function, times the rotational partition function, et cetera.
:: Prescribe care for complex dermatological cases together with surgical specialties
Mr. Felipe Perez Roque Minister for Foreign Affairs, Member of the Council of State
Government agencies that provide customer service functions, such as the Ministry of Social Development, the Accident Compensation Corporation and the Inland Revenue Department, have been involved in the development of the Heartland initiative from an early stage.
Therapeutic cloning was prejudicial and misleading since human beings had a right not to be used as experimental subjects.
"Hearing loss may be an under-recognized complication of diabetes, " the National Institutes of Health declared in a 2008 report.
Some delegates felt that not enough countries were graduating from LDC status, and called on UNCTAD to ensure that its work better reflected changes that had been occurring in developing countries over the previous four decades.
10:00 1st meeting [webcast] Conference Room 2 (CB)
In addition, many of the senior commanding officers expressed dissatisfaction with deficiencies in the actual number of civilian police employed, as compared with the authorized strength.
24. The main factor contributing to the variance of $726,700 under this heading is the increase in military contingents' self-sustainment requirements attributable to the full deployment of authorized troop strength of 10,040 contingent personnel.
Any other issues arising out of the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel reports.
Environmental engineering
To write, you need a sharp tool and a quick mind (the first of which can be easily obtained from a book store)
7. In paragraph 6 of my last report, I indicated that the Legal Counsel of the United Nations, Nicolas Michel, had initiated discussions with the authorities of the Netherlands regarding the modalities of the establishment of the Tribunal and had visited possible sites to house the Tribunal.
Life is a horizontal fall.
"The key matter is, when the conflict happens, how do you resolve it?
This is the path of moderation and understanding.
Bourgmestre of Bicumbi
Annex VI. Employment status of total working population and 12-17 age group
Most importantly, renewed hopes of overcoming the impasse that has impeded the work of the CD for so long have emerged as a result of important proposals and contributions made during the structured and thematic debate.
In that case the petitioner had applied for an apartment in the locality of Hoje-Taastrup, which was denied to him on questionable grounds.
It was agreed that payment rights arising under or from financial contracts and foreign exchange contracts should be excluded.
[on the report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/65/423)]
Their reintegration process has, however, not been concluded, as many of these people frequently travel to and from their homes, especially during the planting and harvest seasons.
However, such analysis is essential given that the Panel has identified various issues that require further investigation.
He asked the Special Rapporteur to provide examples of situations that had led to the recommendations made in subparagraphs 53 (b), (c), (e), (j), (l), (m), (o), (p) and (q) of his report.
To facilitate this, the judges amended the Rules in order to allow for motions to be considered on brief, decided orally or in writing, and by a single judge.
41. The only exception among the five major agencies to this general trend of restructuring is DDSMS, which is a part of the United Nations and hence cannot on its own proceed to decentralization at the country, subregional or regional levels.
In addition to the deteriorating security conditions, the implementation of humanitarian operations in eastern Chad faces extreme challenges.
GM is expected to tell the government it needs several billion more or it may have to file for bankruptcy protection.
When facing allegations of reprisal, States concerned should be reminded of their obligations with regard to protection.
102.20. Ensure that the application of legislation that may limit freedom of expression is in line with relevant international standards and that lawful restrictions on the exercise of the right of freedom of expression on grounds such as national security and public order are necessary and proportional (Netherlands);
It is her countenance that is so attractive.
That sounds so lame,right?
 It was therefore expected that at least a vestigial presence of ONUSAL would be required after 1 June 1994.
Following the recommendation of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, this item was first placed on the agenda of the Subcommittee in 1971 (see A/AC.105/101).
45. When a public or private agency or facility is approached by a parent or caregiver wishing to place a child in care for a short or indefinite period, the State should ensure the availability of counselling and social support to encourage and enable him or her to continue to care for the child.
Negative treatment of life can only lead to more sad and disappointed.
Recalling also article 18 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, article 18 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, article 2, paragraph 2, of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and other relevant human rights provisions,
And women are valued on how they look.
77. In Hong Kong, China, the Committee is concerned about:
A Midday sounds good? C how about 12.30 at coffee shop?
By the time I got the letter that I was hired, I was ready to climb the wall.
Year 2004
Scholarships
It also notes that the author does not provide any substantiation of his claims under the articles of the Covenant invoked by him.
Tbilisi, 17 November 2000.
The Permanent Forum itself has a key role, inter alia, in coordinating indigenous issues within the United Nations system and in transmitting indigenous perspectives and contributing its own research, expert advice and substantive comments to the rest of the United Nations system and other intergovernmental organizations.
7 October 2009
Stan: Well, I...uh...got you a little something for Valentine's Day. Would you be my valentine
We urge States Parties to consider, when making their decisions with regards to the election, the important pre-trial, trial and appeal work that will be undertaken by the judges of the Court in coming years.
Against the backdrop of these profound and historic political changes, it is befitting that a major theme of this Report is the country's transition to Democratic Constitutional Monarchy.
14 January 1970
Strong leadership skill while possessing a great team spirit.
Indeed, the mere thought that major shareholders’ debts would be forgiven at taxpayers’ expense has created political paralysis for years.
The United Kingdom is acting on its recommendations both for United Kingdom policy and operations and for the international system.
The Paris-based World Organization for Animal Health says it found a highly pathogenic version of the H5N1 strain at a chicken farm in the village of Jaji in Kaduna state, Nigeria
16. The Arab ministers stressed the need for developed countries to increase ODA to 0.7 per cent of GNP, augment funds available to GEF and encourage foreign direct investment in support of sustainable development.
At first I couldn't believe it. I thought I was reading the board wrong or something.
8. Reaffirms that international cooperation as well as actions by States to combat terrorism should be conducted in conformity with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
As you love your farm or garden, the garden and farm will respond by attuning to the natural world and receive a new blueprint of genetic structure for the evolution ahead from the nonphysical realm.
They are also more environmentally friendly since they last longer and can be recycled for other use.
Also, the National Navy has offered to create a new platoon in 2013 and the the National Army has proposed the creation of a new platoon per year in 2013 and 2014 with 12 platoons expected by 2014.
Valencia
She was therefore disqualified from her opening round bout in the women's under 49 kg. division.
In its consideration of this subitem, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat containing background information (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.7/6, sect. D).
15. Microfinance and microenterprise programme Advisory Board
The Council decided that the forum should meet annually for two working days allocated to thematic discussions.
At its 2nd meeting, on 5 October, the Fourth Committee had heard a statement by the representative of the United Kingdom regarding the 10 listed Non-Self-Governing Territories that are administered by the United Kingdom (see A/C.4/60/SR.2).
Experience
The drafting and adoption of the Constitution were entirely the responsibility of Cambodians.
3. Expresses support for the efforts of the Secretary-General and the special envoys to the Middle East to assist the parties to halt the violence and to resume the peace process;
Page
XXXVII. Decision 2005/116 on the reform proposed by the Secretary-General in the area of human rights
15. In rule 10.3, Due process in the disciplinary process, subparagraph (a) has been amended to clarify the process.
And they must still ensure that close ties with the US are not simply the policy of one prime minister or party.
Yang Bin
Scientific Committee for Antarctic Research
Fees are 1 per cent with 20 per cent carried interest, subject to a 7 per cent hurdle.
Action 33. Canada continues to provide the fullest possible political, technical and financial support to IAEA.
247. The management information system, whether computerized or not and as applied to training expenditures, did not always provide sufficient data to lead to well-informed planning decisions and monitoring.
(b) It recommended that the committees should continue to consider ways of further improving their recommendations on remedies to States parties with a view to enhancing implementation, and also recommended that efforts should be made to ensure consistency of each committee's jurisprudence in the remedies recommended;
A child under the age of 12 was not criminally responsible for an act or omission unless he or she had the capacity to know that he or she ought not to do an act or an omission.
Various options are being discussed, in particular whether the Convention would be a framework convention or provide more precise State obligations.
Geneva, 2001. (http://www.who.int/ipcs/publications/cicad/en/cicad34.pdf)
280. The proportion of married women who had given birth during the last three years and had attended at least one prenatal consultation increased from 35 percent in 2001/02 to 53 percent in 2006/07 (PSLM).
He was wise, humorous and eloquent. He skillfully advised the king on many occasions and successfully went to many states as an envoy.
2.   The number of diagnostic radiographers covered in the 2004 HMS was 1 316.
Establishing practices in areas of need and enhancing staff participation in the practices
Changes in the volume of services provided do occur but are difficult to predict.
20 February 1988
Article 14
Target date: First quarter of 2013
Recosting should be considered at the midpoint of the biennium.
That decision had been crucial for progress in nuclear disarmament and had been among the factors leading to the successful outcome of the 1995 NPT Review Conference.
A person, who has conducted the registration formalities for responsible editor as provided for and obtained a responsible editor certificate, need not conduct the renewal registration.
Westmoreland Circle
Robots have long worked in factories, helping to build cars and electronic appliances.
Still for the purpose of expanding coverage and equality through the implementation of reference care services and shelter homes, attention has been targeted at emerging populations, populations in remote areas, and persons living with HIV/AIDS.
In the globalized and liberalized world economy, the Organization’s role was more crucial than ever before.
Seventy-one Heads of State or Government and 88 ministerial representatives participated, making it the largest gathering of world leaders held up until then.
The Secretary-General also pointed out that the adjustments made by the industrial countries had potentially devastating ramifications for the developing countries in such areas as trade, interest rates and currency stability.
All invoices mush show FOB Freight and Insurance Costs separately.
The stock market proved to be an unreliable piggy bank in 2008, with Kiplinger magazine calling it "the worst bear market since the 1930s.
(h) Officials working at ports, airports and border crossings.
The Letter of CredIt'shall be issued according to relevant regulations of China People's Bank.
Then the executioner lifted his axe,once…twice…on God!three times…and her headher poor,poor head,fell on the floor.
Obstacles to Women's Participation in Political and Public Life
We should strengthen the system of taking on environmental responsibility in China.
Some progress has been made in the area of petroleum and natural gas, but very little progress has been made in the exploitation of the other resources of the exclusive economic zone.
1. Implementation measures
49. In its resolution 18/11, the Human Rights Council mandated the Special Rapporteur to provide information on human rights issues relating to transnational corporations and other business enterprises regarding environmentally sound management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes (para. 3 (a)).
40. Mr. Posta (Chair, Joint Inspection Unit), introducing the JIU report for 2012 and programme of work for 2013 (A/67/34), said that the Unit had produced 17 reports and notes and one management letter in 2012, mainly on system-wide issues.
Staff in these locations often felt marginalized with little opportunity to provide their comments and perspectives, or otherwise participate in the consultative process.
The discussion confirmed the importance, especially for developing countries, of being aware of the different possibilities of access to electronic commerce.
A strategy for human resources management could not be maintained in isolation.
Economists have proposed a wide variety of explanations, ranging from inaccurate measurement to “secular stagnation” to questioning whether recent technological innovations are productive.
Consequently, the efforts of MONUC are aimed at facilitating this process and building the necessary national and regional capacity for a long-term solution.
Among them was Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joseph, and the mother of the sons of Zebedee.
Rental of vehicles
It shows that making the deep emissions cuts necessary to avert dangerous climate changes is fully compatible with continued economic growth and prosperity.
The death of the ministers is a big blow to a government already struggling to keep its less stoical ministers and parliamentarians in the country.
If you're going through a stressful period, fight the urge to snack endlessly.
Honesty is the best policy. 5
26. With regard to the number of part-time workers (non-agriculture and forestry employees whose working hours are less than 35 hours per week), female part-time workers accounted for as much as 69.7% of the total part-time workers in 2005, and 40.6% of the total female employees.
One area of concern is the Sahel, a vast semi-arid area south of the Sahara desert.
The proportional representation of women in the $60,000+ salary group in 1994 was more than double that of 1991 (an increase from 9 per cent to 21 per cent of all staff in this group).
The threat of these materials finding their way into the hands of nonState actors is real and dangerous.
So the processing and equipment of decolorization and filtration in the traditional penicillin production are key problems that affect the penicillin production.
226. The construction and civil engineering sectors are characterized by frequent and serious industrial accidents.
--Bertrand Russell I think patriotism is like charity -- it begins at home.
there is nodepositin your account
n.a
The Task Force prepared a programme of action which consists of six subprogramme areas, namely, enabling environment for informal sector development; access to financial services; education and training; industrial and manufacturing activities; rural non-farm activities; and infrastructure.
47. In terms of sentencing, international law provides that, in imposing penalties on indigenous persons, their economic, social and cultural characteristics should be considered, and preference should be given to methods of rehabilitation other than prison.
Some delegations were of the view that the geostationary orbit offered unique potential for the implementation of social programmes, educational projects and medical assistance.
Good, now I am pricking myself on the tongue of my buckle.
(d) Be guided by the broad principle that effective technical assistance/cooperation is based on the universality and indivisibility of all human rights, and include both the promotion and the protection of human rights;
37. Support was expressed for this article.
Corruption of a much greater magnitude there, implicating President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and his family, has gone untouched.
(12) It should, however, be noted in this connection that the rule laid down in this provision departs from ordinary law: normally, an action under a treaty takes effect from the date of its notification to the depositary.
He stopped to watch the battle.
The reliability of conclusions was verified by statistical data of a number of defective products.
63. Accordingly, the overall staffing resource requirement of the Prosecution Division and the Appeals Section would consist of one D-2, three P-5, five P-4, five P-3 and five General Service (Other level) posts.
The peasants justified the seizure of property, saying: "He robbed it from us;"
Littlehampton
Liberty and union, now and forever: one and inseparable.
I. Gender and other considerations regarding vulnerable communities within the least developed countries
24. Success in the mobilization of domestic resources requires public-sector interventions designed to boost growth, increase public revenue and encourage savings by the private sector.
The article tries to analyse economic reform of India with system changes theoretically.
(a) The Conference should be scheduled to be held in Geneva for a period of two weeks from 1 to 12 March 1999;
:: Cost parameters: increase in mission subsistence allowance rates
African Union Commission, Addis Ababa
Objective To characterize the clinical profiles, risk factors and coronary lesion in women with premature coronary heart disease(CHD).
The job pays 150,000 Australian dollars ($100,000) for six months and includes airfares from the successful candidate's home country to the island.
UNEP, Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum, eleventh special session [General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII), 42/185 and 53/242]
It expressed deep sympathy to the families of victims whose remains had been identified and concern for the plight of those whose whereabouts remained unknown.
Estimate 2008-2009: 100 per cent of programmes and projects designed and implemented in the biennium that are gender responsive
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 139.
Production of cyclodime
No new mission was established during the reporting period
The Second World War was the bloodiest war in human history.
The Congress of WMO is held every four years in Geneva to determine the direction and the strategy of meteorological work worldwide in the coming four years.
C. Assisting societies in conflict: the case of Afghanistan
A. Consolidated list of individuals and entities
12. In selecting a theme for its coordination segment, the Council should take the following factors into account:
I therefore feel there is no need to reiterate each of our positions, which have already been made known on several occasions.
The corridors shall be kept clean and nothing may be placed in the way;
Our service team will hold a meeting special for the discussion on making detailed plan before the shot, according to the communication record with the image consulter.
But some nutritionists are slow to jump on the ice cream industrys better-for-you bandwagon
63/150. Realizing the Millennium Development Goals for persons with disabilities through the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
An easy-to-understand summary of the research in this area, refuting these beliefs, has now been published on IQWiG's website www.informedhealthonline.org
The team visited 21 sites, some of them several times. The purpose of the visit was to assess local capabilities in the fabrication of liquid-fuel propulsion motors and control and guidance equipment and to evaluate precision machinery.
Botswana
I would also like to thank Mr. Abdelkader Bensmail and the members of the secretariat for all the efforts they are making to assist the Conference in its work.
56. Mr. Mashabane (South Africa) welcomed the Secretary-General's report on agriculture development and food security.
While this concern could not justify the total exclusion of countermeasures against international organizations, it may lead to asserting some restrictions.
In the meantime, I call on the international community to enhance its support and assistance to the Government of Guinea-Bissau, to reinforce the national capacity to combat drug trafficking.
The Acting President (spoke in French): I have great pleasure in welcoming His Excellency The Honourable Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi, Prime Minister, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of the Independent State of Samoa, and inviting him to address the General Assembly. Mr. Malielegaoi (Samoa): Samoa warmly welcomes the well-deserved election of Mr. Julian Hunte, given his leadership in his region and among our community of small States.
Nonetheless, it is difficult to plan effectively for many of the countries and projects the Office is involved in.
An administrative secretarial position where communication skills and a pleasant attitude toward people will be assets.
prisoner is taken to have a counterview with plaintiff.
25 July 1999
On 7 June 2012, Puerto Rican activist Tito Kayak started a two-leg lone high-seas voyage from Ciudad Bolivar, Venezuela, to San Juan, Puerto Rico, and then from San Juan, Puerto Rico, to Washington, D.C., United States of America, to protest the United States incarceration of Puerto Rican political prisoner Oscar López Rivera.
God says the problem of sin keeps us separated from Him and His wonderful heaven forever.
6. Adoption of the report.
was enacted in July 2008. The Ordinance provides a legal basis for introducing producer responsibility schemes, with the environmental levy on plastic shopping bags as the first scheme under the Ordinance.
In this connection, a note by the President of the General Assembly, transmitting the report of the United Nations Fact-Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict, in English only, has been issued as document A/64/490.
The ship breast ed the waves.
The Programme also includes teacher training for integration of the information technology in the teaching process;
Then he told me, There will be many opportunities that present themselves to you.
15. In the workplan, the secretariat undertook to continue its enhancements of outreach and communications in accordance with the UNCTAD Communications Strategy that was approved by the Trade and Development Board in 2009, and on which progress has already been made in a number of areas.
Mr. DABOR (Sierra Leone) said that he was happy to note that the Statute preserved jurisdiction over internal armed conflict and provided that the Prosecutor should have proprio motu powers.
10 G
Ken must have noticed my and whispered, claustrophobic, darling? I shook my head.
Americas
It's beyond the reach of my knowledge.
Over time, these shamans developed a system of mental and physical exercises to expand their consciousness, and thereby give a new perspective on the problems of daily life.
(b) Priorities, reflecting general trends of a broad sectoral nature;
True, in recent decades Republican politicians have tended to embrace free trade more willingly than Democrats.
Know us to puts why into practice big development in western region, puts how into practice big development in western region;
Agenda item 3
While Mr. Gbagbo's camp claims that the "invisible commandos" are loyal to President Ouattara, both President Ouattara's Government and elements belonging to the group have denied any links between them.
I've just come from seeing our Cylon prisoner.
Also, the modalities in individual countries are likely to evolve as SWAPs mature.
It was argued that any evaluation of the success of South-South cooperation programmes must be conducted by the participating countries in line with the notion of sovereignty.
4.1 Effective and efficient logistical, administrative and security support to the Mission
Proposal submitted by France and Germany concerning the discussion paper proposed by the Coordinator (PCNICC/2001/WGFIRR/RT.4)
Grown on - site - eliminates need for timely and expensive shipping costs.
70. The Office of Audit and Investigation stated that to meet the tight deadlines for the completion of the national implementation modality/NGO audits, planning commences before receiving final expenditure figures of a given financial year and before accounts are closed.
At least that was a saying of my elders in those days.
Since its first dispatch of military observers to the UN peacekeeping activities in 1990, the PLA of China has successively taken part in 10 UN peace-keeping operations.So far it has sent more than 650 mili-tary observers, liaison officers, advisors or staff officers and 800 (in two batches) engineering officers and men to the UN peacekeeping operations.
Itinerary  Other information printing
The Federal Reserve could cut interest rates and take further steps to ensure there are enough funds coursing through the financial system.
What about the service, is that included?
This section will define the relevant transactions within SNA, especially in the context of the sector accounts of SNA (e.g., general government accounts).
A total of 37 seminars were conducted in 18 countries in Africa, Asia, Latin America and Europe, including 10 least developed countries in Africa and Asia.
The Committee is also concerned about the legal consequences of reconciliation between the abuser and the victim in the pre-judicial phase which could result to the detriment of the victim.
B. Labour
Mr. Mahbubani (Singapore): To avoid any misunderstanding at any point in time about my remarks, let me stress at the outset that we fully support the Secretary-General's report entitled "Strengthening of the United Nations: an agenda for further change" (A/57/387).
Trinidad and Tobago
But because the US Founders – many of them descended from people fleeing official religious persecution – guaranteed that there would never be a state-sanctioned religion, no religious group in America, no matter how small, is made to feel marginalized.
Outputs
The Subcommittee is also pleased that during 2012, 23 NPMs transmitted their annual reports to the Subcommittee.
 After years of more or less favourable economic conditions, growth in their economies is now slowing down.
:: ACCU is assisting in the assessment of cases to be transferred to the Prosecutor's Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina as part of the implementation of the new Criminal Code and Criminal Procedure Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
In the interests of ensuring the protection of staff members, the text of staff regulation 9.1 (a) above should be retained and continuing contracts added after "permanent appointment".
Emissions targets/standards to be defined by the Conference of the Parties and applied at the installation level could be set in terms of total emissions (set at the national level but applied on an installation basis) or set in terms of power generation;
Please deliver the following items on the specified dates. Kindly confirm your agreement forthwith.
Special emphasis will be placed on efforts to promote greater regional integration and resiliency through increased economic growth, achieve the Millennium Development Goals in ways that reduce economic and social disparities within as well as across countries, with due attention given to the gender dimension, foster a regional coordinated voice on various global processes on development issues and challenges and financial issues, including the outcomes of G-20 summits, and explore innovations in strengthening collaboration and identifying regional synergies/complementarities in promoting sustainable agriculture and food security.
Recalling also the Salvador Declaration on Comprehensive Strategies for Global Challenges: Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Systems and Their Development in a Changing World, adopted by the Twelfth United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, held in Salvador, Brazil, from 12 to 19 April 2010, and endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 65/230 of 21 December 2010, in which the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice was invited to consider strengthening the capacity of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to collect, analyse and disseminate accurate, reliable and comparable data on world crime and victimization trends and patterns and Member States were called upon to support the gathering and analysis of information and to consider designating focal points and provide information when requested to do so by the Commission,
“Indiscriminate attacks are prohibited.
Article 26 The following documents or materials to be provided by a foreign insurance company for an application for the establishment of a foreign-funded insurance company according to the requirements specified in the Regulations and these Rules, shall be notarized by a public notary legally established in the local country or region, or verified by the embassy or consulate of China in that country: (1) The business license (duplicate) or valid copy of the business license; (2) A letter of attorney issued to the proposed person-in-charge of the branch of a foreign insurance company; (3) A letter of guarantee of a foreign insurance company to undertake the obligations of tax and duties payment and debts repayment on behalf of its branch in China.
photo: The HKTA Ching Chung Secondary School (End = Beginning)
:: As medical facilities continue to be targeted by the occupying forces, at least three hospitals have now been forced to evacuate their patients following Israeli strikes, causing overcrowding in other hospitals, such as Nasser hospital in Khan Younis, which is struggling to cope.
However, owing to residual cultural attitudes, there are also negative views regarding the scope of women's work and their broader capacities.
According to some researchers at the University of Rhode Island at Kingston, if you eat more slowly, you can consume up to 70 calories fewer than those who eat fast.
1. Recent intergovernmental mandates
The successive terrorism attacks have aroused the attention from all humanity.
See General Assembly resolution 48/31 of 9 December 1993, para. 7; resolution 49/51 of 9 December 1994, para. 6; and resolution 50/45 of 11 December 1995, para. 4.
A. Objectives, scope and methodology
At its sixty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the revised requirement for the Umoja project for 2012 in the amount of $65,244,100, and approved the proposed requirements for 2013 in the amount of $69,645,000.
Sue: Rose, you would never say that
Many activities draw upon resources from both funds.
We expect that the Court will suggest reasonable standards, based on its judicial prudence, to interpret international conventions and obligations for the preservation of marine mammals and the marine environment.
In Latin America and the Caribbean, a large-scale project aimed at strengthening national initiatives and enhancing regional cooperation amongst 11 countries on the environmentally-sound management of e-waste is being developed.
By paragraph 8 of the resolution, the Council decided to extend the mandate of the Group of Experts until 31 October 2008 and requested me to take the necessary administrative measures.
Vienna
36. The aggregate figures mask the serious financial crisis that UNDP is facing in its regular resource base.
Note 6
Provisional agenda and annotations.
Donor Countries and Financial and
One NGO suggested revising the draft criteria and subcriteria to strike a balance between "human rights-based development" and "the right to development"; between "development as a human right" and "human rights as development"; and between international responsibility and domestic responsibility.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful?
For starters, supply-side measures can best be undertaken when there is full employment.
Studies have demonstrated that sleep deprivation impairs some immune function, according to background information in the article
He went on the plane at Frankfurt.
I have the honour to bring to your attention the information note on the current situation regarding the Belarusian language in the Republic of Belarus prepared by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus (see annex).
Low awareness of personal risk of HIV infection and fear of stigma and discrimination account in part for low uptake of testing services.
97. On 15 October 2007, the Procurement Division signed a sole-source contract with a vendor for multifunctional logistics services in support of the heavy support package in Darfur on the basis of financial rule 105.16 (a) (vii) (exigency).
Abiding by the directives of the I National Human Rights Program, the mechanisms for the implementation of the Refugees Law were set forth through the adoption of Law no. 9474.
(f) Technical review of 41 engineering projects for United Nations missions.
— women work fewer hours of overtime;
And therefore the stalemate continues.
In view of the further integration of labour markets at the regional level, the provision of advisory work on the implications of the free circulation of labour will be an important area of work of ILO in the future.
Therefore, femal athletes are expected to reduce fat and to enhance muscle exercise so as to strengthen physique and to improve results.
It includes not only the right to return after having left one's own country; it may also entitle a person to come to the country for the first time if he or she was born outside the country (for example, if that country is the person's State of nationality).
Further bold reforms are essential, notably in financial services markets, if growth is to be sustained.
Floods and landslides over the last week already have killed more than 120 people.
As Georgia provides 90% of Armenia's internet, the woman's unwitting sabotage had catastrophic consequences.
Sport in South America
A senior administration official said the session had a full agenda that ranged from combating terrorism to trade.
Extradition Treaty.
Diplomatic protection should not be entirely excluded from bilateral investment treaties so that corporations and individuals might receive the maximum protection.
The weaving factory produces cotton cloth for making shirts.
Number of members voting: 187
Yet the producers have wisely focused on the strengths of the two stars: Tuckers hilarious, rapid-fire jive-talk, and Chans nimble derring-do in tight spaces and high places.
Frenzy: This talent can now trigger from Kill Command.
A communiqué was issued after the event, calling on all southern political parties to implement Security Council resolutions 1325 (2000), 1820 (2008), 1888 (2009) and 1889 (2009).
It was reported that such groups frequently acted with the acquiescence of the armed forces.
Ends/Saturday, August 2, 2008
Conclusions The epistaxis among the aged were mostly caused by systemic diseases among them hypertension was the most common reason.
The Council of the League at the ministerial level,
Why I dont believe you have even got silver buckles to your shoes as the Chamberlain's nephew has;
In this case, select the PictureBox control, and drag it to the bottom of the form to get it out of the way.
As of Sunday, Taiwan's Department of Health said it had traced 70% of the imported powder.
Use this option to set the number of posts to show in a thread before splitting the display into multiple pages.
Moreover, a relevant aspect that seemed to be neglected was that of finance, since trade in a risky environment required a kind of finance able to handle risky behaviours, especially innovation.
In short, we can honor our pledge to “leave no one behind.”
Countries with a deficit after all the economic transactions have been recorded are called debtor nations.
Dialogue with representatives of the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development or the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade was very valuable and should be further developed and intensified in order to improve international cooperation as a whole.
As indicated in paragraph 60 above, the Umoja project posts will cease to exist at the end of 2017 (see also para. 65 above).
I. Summary of the proceedings of the review process 5 - 67 3
Article 11, paragraph 3, of the Kiev Protocol and article 14, paragraph 4, of the Basel Protocol provide for this possibility.
 He would, however, do so at the appropriate time, if requested.
We firmly condemn that attack.
Economic Commission for Africa Conference of African Ministers of Finance, Planning and Economic Development
You know, doing what i can to save the planet.
This has been attributed to the government efforts in mainstreaming gender in public service.
130. There will be a continuing need for Timor-Leste to develop institutional and analytical capacities to strengthen budget oversight and promote broader and better informed policy debates on public spending priorities and budget trade-offs.
Skopje Basic Court was also identified by several interlocutors as an appropriate institution to host an information centre, if it was felt appropriate to locate the ICTY records in a judicial institution.
Nijon
We will uphold and improve the system of workers' conferences and other democratic management systems in enterprises and institutions and protect the legitimate rights and interests of workers.
This would allow not only experts but above all ordinary Sierra Leoneans throughout the country to be consulted at a time of profound economic and social changes in the country.
1. (addition to or subtraction from the assigned amount)
(a) Such situations should be prevented in the future through proper planning and by avoiding ambiguities in requests for proposals and contracts;
She is about to come to learning French.
Companies may be more likely to comply with a voluntary disclosure recommendation when significant demand for sustainability information exists on the part of key stakeholders (investors, customers, government officials), and companies consider that there are benefits (operational and reputational) to such reporting.
Ann: Well, Charlie Brown, the cartoon character, always had a very small little sad-looking tree that nobody wanted, but he took it home and was very happy with it.
The Special Representative also encouraged the human rights mechanisms, including the Special Rapporteurs and Representatives as well as the treaty body mechanisms, to integrate international norms and standards on children affected by armed conflict in their examination and recommendations with regard to country situations.
This is true above all for girls from Eastern Europe and Latin America and, recently from China, while the Nigerian prostitution still occurs mainly in the streets.
23. The conclusion drawn from these annexes is that a fully commercial network would not be cost-effective for the United Nations and that significant savings could be derived from the operation of a private telecommunications network.
The voting was as follows:
My delegation associates itself with the statement made by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Politics and interest groups can impact on the outcome of the rulings and debt restructuring, compromising consistency and fairness.
The organization of a national survey on perception and victimization
But why not?
Ah, it calls me out into the dusk.
And he went on puzzling over the little thing that was becoming a great thing.
And Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet
"The obligations set forth in article 2 (1) place the States parties to the International Covenant, including Egypt, under a positive obligation to respect and to ensure to all individuals within their territory and subject to their jurisdiction the rights recognized in the Covenant, without distinction of any kind or on any ground.
We can see from the traces of the damage that it's the original damage. So we should not be responsible for it.
(d) Cash flow: the equivalent of the cash needs for one month, calculated as one twelfth of the total expenditure of the most recent year, rounded to the nearest $1 million.
Guidelines on violence against women by the specialized agencies and other bodies of the United Nations
A. Yemen 36 - 39 9
It is not allowed to perform heat treatment for same Heat No in the different furnace because of furnace capacity.
The  grocer  of whom she bought these apples gave her a baker's dozen.
But much of that was attributable to temporary factors: When volatile fresh-food and energy prices are excluded, the index has been falling slightly.
Nicaragua
Disestablishments in Indonesia by year
Everything had been negotiated and renegotiated with the occupying Power in negotiations supervised by the United Nations and leading to concrete results, all of which had been approved by the Security Council with the explicit aim of holding a referendum on self-determination that included the option of independence.
National System for Notified Diseases
Human rights and international solidarity
4.1.2 Maintenance of the number of traffic accidents involving UNFICYP vehicles (2011/12: 4 per month; 2012/13: 4 per month; 2013/14: 4 per month)
Yeah and um... this is my new favorite shirt.
And i think the weather is turning cold and rainy soon i will not have the possibility to use the motorbike too often.
The Committee was informed that currently the Field Assets Control System is installed in UNAMET but is not configured to identify information on assets transferred to UNTAET.
Palestinians voted under tight security in the Gaza Strip, occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
5. Requests the Special Committee to continue to discharge the functions entrusted to it under resolution 1970 (XVIII), in accordance with established procedures, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session.
Sudan reaffirms that the refusal to delete the paragraphs attacking Islam will prevent Sudan from cooperating with this Rapporteur.
Nuclear testing
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly decided to consider the annual reports of the Unit on an annual basis (resolution 55/230).
In its examination of the crime of genocide (see below, under Genocide), the Committee provides reasons for believing that Israel's armed forces intentionally inflicted conditions of life that might bring about the destruction of the people of Gaza but doubts whether the special intent required for genocide was present.
It should have full access to information and personnel in the conduct of its functions.
Institutional forensic capacity development initiatives were undertaken in several countries and regions.
For example, the nature of risks confronting a field-based organization differs from that of an organization that has small operations at the country level.
It's warm enough to fetch out the garden chairs.
Moreover, following the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.57 on the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity in the field of human rights, he had hoped that more emphasis would be placed on the cultural specificities and, in particular, the level of development of Member States when their human rights records were considered.
As a matter of commercial practice, most acquisition credit results from an agreement between the buyer and the credit provider.
Posting on Twitter and Plurk are the - training to turn the anger - venting into the positive sharing.
" "The beauty of a woman must be seen in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
One of the major achievements attained in 2011 was the holding of presidential and legislative elections in January and March 2011, which were followed by the formation of a new Government and the elaboration of the second-generation poverty reduction strategy paper.
"Pure gold cannot be given in exchange for it, Nor can silver be weighed as its price.
We arrived at the station in hot haste.
The number may well be higher, increased by the silent, steady flow of Serb refugees from Croatia during the past two years.
Laws in many states hold that the rights of a one-week marriage supersede parental rights.
The Forum also welcomes Mr. Cameron's support for indigenous film-makers and his offer to assist them in future.
No other region of the world has recently gone through the kind of changes experienced by Eastern Europe.
The Government is assisting and supporting teachers with visual impairment by establishing Government run vocational training centers, which provide vocational training to people with disabilities.
Reviewing and referring of individual cases of women victims of violence or injustice outside Afghanistan borders.
No current data are available regarding import volumes of Chlordecone.
Chapter II describes new national, regional and international developments.
In October 2013, the Liberia Anti-Corruption Commission released its second report on the verification of assets of presidential appointees.
Its major needs are technical and financial, particularly in the areas of training, surveying, mine-clearing equipment, medical equipment, experienced medical personnel and adequate supplies of artificial limbs.
3.3 The author further claims that the judge did not adequately instruct the jury as to the evidence the two accused entered against each other.
Core resources
shameful ['SeimfKl] a.It was shameful of them to surrender.
Only then can the Vienna regime continue to play its role: the now-permissible reservation must be accepted in accordance with the relevant provisions of article 20 of the Conventions, and that acceptance is indispensable for the reservation to produce any legal effect pursuant to article 21.
There being no objection, I shall now suspend the meeting.
“Good policy intentions have been read negatively by the market because of the bear market mentality,” says Mr Sun, who adds that in the current atmosphere “people focus on the negative.”
It also points out the significant deterioration of the armed conflict and the increasing cruelty of the methods of combat used by the illegal armed groups, which aggravate the vulnerability of the civil population.
Item 5 Address by the Executive Secretary of the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization
14. As indicated in paragraph 117 of the JIU report, the recommendation would align the United Nations Administrative Tribunal with the ILO Administrative Tribunal).
Those institutions also know that farmers are unable to produce enough food to feed themselves without subsidies.
A half moon is visible at the quadrature of the moon.
At the outset, I wish to state that the illicit circulation of and trafficking in small arms is a matter of grave concern to the Government and people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Each Party producing one or more of these substances shall, for the same period, ensure that its calculated level of production of the substances does not exceed, annually, [forty-five] per cent of the average of its calculated levels of consumption in [2004, 2005, and 2006] of Annex F, Group I plus Annex C, Group I substances.
I see a great day coming for our country and am eager for the work ahead.
Among the allegations brought to her attention, there were several reports of death threats against and killings of members of sexual minorities.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
The point of departure for the 2005 Review Conference should be based on the cumulative result of the outcomes of those two conferences.
'The judicial system's rulings might not be well understood by all Thai people, and the judges may face criticism and even violence,' says Mr. Panitan.Earlier on Tuesday, a small explosion occurred at the home of the president of Thailand's Supreme Administrative Court.
Paragraph 11, first sentence
Table 5
He also hoped that the world solidarity fund for poverty eradication would be set up.
(b) Provide support for the work of the National Human Rights Commission and ensure timely follow-up to the implementation of the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission;
According to the 2007 Australian Human Rights Commission report on social justice, shelter/protection programmes are also active.
Belshazzar
A favorable financial ecology environment is marked by potential development in harmony.
International Conference on the Conservation and Management of the Living Resources of the High Seas, St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada, 57 September 1990
42. Furthermore, Austria, a member of the Sierra Leone configuration, in collaboration with the Peacebuilding Support Office and in consultation with the Chair, organized a regional seminar entitled "Strategies and Lessons Learned on Sustainable Reintegration and Job Creation: What Works in West Africa?", held in Freetown on 2 and 3 December.
Apart from Business Registration
29. Canada indicated that it was now seeking to arrange a visit by the Special Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples.
Human Rights Council
Which do you like better, apples or oranges?
No, no, no, that is all fine.
 He claims to be a victim of violations by Jamaica of articles 7 and 14, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Letter dated 8 February 2007 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
128. The recommendations below did not enjoy the support of Sri Lanka:
I thought it was the tops so I bought it.
Any fans that are suspended in that time period must be replaced, or will not be paid for.
Recalling that the Afghanistan Compact is based on a partnership between the Afghan Government and the international community, based on the desire of the parties for Afghanistan to progressively assume responsibility for its own development and security, and with a central and impartial coordinating role for the United Nations,
This means that in practice the individual may receive as little as 10 per cent of the value of the claim.
"Noting that the General Conference of UNIDO as a specialized agency has never been held in Latin America,
And Germany’s insistence that non-wage costs be equivalent throughout the EU is less a device for enhancing Germany’s competitiveness than for reducing others’.
Its many ideas offered a basis for consultation and discussion.
Thus there is an obligation to provide the relevant documentary evidence both on the first filing of a claim and on any subsequent steps.
As a result, they are learning what it means for the Women's Missionary Society to have a relationship with this world body, and that the Society, in carrying out its role, is facilitating the work of the United Nations.
This clearly shows that the authorities have never conducted any proper investigation.
 The noble efforts of President Mandela to chart a new direction for South Africa must be commended.
The Air Travel Security and Technology legislation targets $24 billion for the 20 largest USairports to conduct pilot
Ingenieur Technischer - Aubenhandel GmbH, i.L.
My trip to France is the one and only time I've been out of the country.
India's position on the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) needs no reiteration.
45. With regard to acts of violence committed by the police, the Constitution of Niger guaranteed the right to life, health and physical integrity.
35. The Committee also recommended that the application of General Assembly resolution 48/223 B, paragraph 2, should be limited to developing countries which currently benefited from the scheme of limits but whose rates in the proposed scale would increase.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Commission documented a pattern of severe torture, which was used in particular against Tawerghans by Misratan thuwar, who accuse them of committing rape and other crimes in Misrata.
Alpine flowers are abundant there.
There is a limit to how much magic you can draw from monsters.
37. The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda has rented a total space of 1,600 square metres from the Arusha International Conference Centre for its office space at a rent of $4.50 per square metre per month.
9 Endure misery and mourn and weep. Let your laughter be turned into mourning, and your joy into dejection.
What position do you play?
We are trying to find a market for this article.
3.4.1 The secretariat effectively supports the CST in establishing modalities for cooperation with the scientific subsidiary bodies of UNFCCC and the CBD.
xix. Anaesthetic gas supply systemb
Since security in Europe is linked to security in the Mediterranean and the Middle East, the EU attaches particular importance to non-proliferation and disarmament issues in that region and, in this context, reiterates the urgent necessity of the universalization of the NPT and of the entry into force as early as possible of the CTBT.
62. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, UNFPA, UNICEF, UNHCR and OHCHR supported a comprehensive programme to provide victims with medical and psychosocial assistance.
UNODC and the United Nations Global Compact have jointly developed an anti-corruption e-learning tool for the private sector.
Proceedings concerning article 18, paragraph 2
The Committee had held a brief discussion on challenges to the procedure, including the problem of late submission of data and information to the Committee, and planned to return to the topic next year.
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations [153]
Argentina:
It offers career counselling, assumes the additional costs for professional basic and continuing employment due to disability and funds trial employment relationships to assess employability.
11. The Committee welcomes the proactive participation of civil society in monitoring the implementation of the Covenant, including the provision of a large amount of information to the Committee.
Table 1. Reports received during the period under review
Affirming the applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, to the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem,
Tom, you really need to be pushing our fall line more than you are.
There is always a gap between ideal and reality.
Stocking
Come, Beauchamp, said Chateau-Renaud, I will bet anything you do not believe a word of all you have been telling us
I would just like to share a couple of quotations I have come across from my predecessor three times removed, Ambassador Mark Moher, when he was here and discussing the FMCT.
Remember lock the door before you go to bed
146. The 25 proposals should be laid out in a road map that includes various regional and international organizations based on their areas of expertise.
11. Welcomes the publication of the revised Manual on Human Rights Reporting, and encourages the updating of the Manual to reflect new developments in the field of human rights, including the adoption of new instruments;
[webcast]
The representative of Senegal noted with appreciation that the level of aid to the LDCs had doubled in nominal terms between 1999 and 2004.
16. The levels in this grid range from level 1 (preventive measure not applied, high risk of ERW) to level 4 (preventive measure applied in full, negligible risk of ERW).
Get into ranks, people!
, that I realized playing the victim is such a passive, unproductive and unhappy approach to living life.
Furthermore, the Members of the international community are profoundly divided on the matter of whether non-recourse to nuclear weapons over the past fifty years constitutes the expression of an opinio juris.
Mr. Sayadi was born on 1 January 1966 in Lebanon and Ms. Vinck, his wife, was born on 4 January 1965 in Belgium.
In closing, he stated that there would be additional proposals covering other UNCTAD-related aspects of the post-Doha work programme (e.g. on trade and competition), which were being developed and would be finalized in the near future for presentation to interested donors.
[Indigenous peoples have the right to have] The dignity and diversity of indigenous peoples' [their] cultures, traditions, histories and aspirations should be appropriately reflected in all forms of education and public information.
61. The reduced requirement was attributable to the lower than planned number of days in operation for fixed-wing aircraft resulting, in lower and operational costs and reduced fuel consumption.
We also take note of efforts made by the Secretary-General, as he continues to implement his human resources reform agenda, including by reducing the various types of employment contracts, harmonizing conditions of service between staff in the field and those at Headquarters, and launching a new talent management system to modernize recruitment, performance management and staff learning and development.
By 1828, the Cherokee were even printing their own newspaper
7. Have not only violated the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina through shelling and air attacks, but now occupy several areas within the Biha_ "safe area".
Wiesing
But, there are no an among the different studies till now.
V. Reform of security and rule of law institutions
3. Strongly deplores all acts of psychological and physical violence and assaults, and incitement thereto, against persons on the basis of their religion or belief, and such acts directed against their businesses, properties, cultural centres and places of worship, as well as the targeting and desecration of holy books, holy sites and religious symbols of all religions;
The machine incorporates four high-powered fans and integrated airbags that inflate to lift it from the ground.
The Human Rights Council dispatched an international independent fact-finding mission, and the Secretary-General established a Panel of Inquiry.
A good husband makes a good wife.
There was a need to guarantee the safety of returnees and provide greater assistance for repatriation, resettlement and reconciliation.
Article 21
The establishment of a graduate design web - based ordering system and network marketing system.
The action, taken allegedly to protect the local population from air pollution, has deprived over 2,000 employees, most of them Serbs, of their jobs.
The Permanent Mission also has the honour to submit updated information on the performance review of the North-East Atlantic Fisheries Commission (see annex) and also has the honour to request that the present letter and its annex be circulated as a document of the Review Conference.
Three of the amendments which he had proposed had, in fact, been included in the revised text.
The Limbas have refused to recognize the electoral winner, a Mandigo, as the Paramount Chief, and the situation presents a potential for large-scale violence between Limbas and Mandigos.
An account of the Committee's discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/65/SR.36, 37, 40, 43, 44, 50 and 51).
II. UNCTAD
42. In seeking to assess the impact of UNCTAD's technical cooperation programme, it is useful to begin by noting some possible measures of the impact which should not be used.
3. In the cases set out in paragraph 2, States are obliged to provide in their municipal law for the enforcement of the individual right to diplomatic protection before a competent domestic court or other independent national authority.
40. The issue of pre-trial detention has raised a number of concerns in the counter-terrorism context, including judicial supervision of such detention, the right to be free from torture, the right to be informed promptly of the reasons for arrest and the existence of any charges, and the prohibition against prolonged pre-trial detention.
As Minns and Sexton (2006) conclude, "if there is a crisis of too many old people, it is one of too many people in poverty in their old age, both now and in the future.
Downey is actually better and bug -fier than ever , even when the movie buries him in unnecessary clutter .
Capital stock conference (third meeting of the Canberra Group (Washington, D.C., 8-10 November 1999)
It was standard pre-modern practice to overcome such differences with a formal disputation.
The top Republican on the committee, Richard Lugar, praised Clinton's qualifications, calling her "the epitome of a big leaguer" .
Among the abject poor, many are likely to remain in their current situation, since disability or age reduces their prospects for making marked changes in their circumstances.
Having considered in this context the request of the Turkish Cypriot side for full membership in the Organization of the Islamic Conference;
recosting
26. Within the operational audit context, performance refers to the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of operations under management's control.
The Committee regrets that no independent body exists which could investigate reports of ill-treatment and torture, contributing to a situation in which such offences go unpunished (arts. 2 and 12).
More options and latest coupons
Use a rent process to cut the openings in the jeans.
10.4 The Committee thus recalls its general comment No. 22 (1993), in which it considers that the fundamental character of the freedoms enshrined in article 18, paragraph 1, of the Covenant is reflected in the fact that this provision cannot be derogated from, even in time of public emergency, as stated in article 4, paragraph 2, of the Covenant.
OXFORD – When the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions were established nearly seven decades ago in the aftermath of World War II, economic and political power was concentrated in the hands of a few “victor” countries, making it relatively easy to reach consensus on how to restore international order.
 Papua New Guinea maintains and shares the view that the sustainable development of small island developing States and their survival depend critically on the cooperation of the international community for the full and immediate implementation of the Programme of Action.
2. The Secretary-General of the Congress or his or her representative shall act in that capacity in all meetings of the Congress and its subsidiary organs.
2004 in Greek sport
Are we doing that?
The pills made him dizzy . All the same he has bought some more.
The Constitution of BiH prescribes that all rights are to be exercised without discrimination on any basis, including gender.
It's time to wrap this mutha up.
Iraq's explanation of its progress towards the finalisation of a workable design for its nuclear weapons is considered to be consistent with the resources and time scale indicated by the available programme documentation.
10. Under Rule 10 of its Rules of Procedure, the Committee elected the following officers by acclamation, to serve the Committee from the day immediately following their election to the end of the last day of the following annual plenary session:
It also requested the President of the General Assembly to work out separate informal arrangements, after consultation with Member States, that would allow the open-ended intergovernmental process to benefit from the inputs and expertise of the human rights treaty bodies, national human rights institutions and relevant non-governmental organizations.
In determining whether to refer the case, the Chamber must be satisfied that the accused will receive a fair trial, and that the death penalty will not be imposed or carried out.
229. The representative of China supported the articles under consideration.
g. Handout of exercises to do at home-1500 copies
Precedence
Information was provided on the sampling methods used.
(a) Numerical composition of the "executive" legislative organs and/or their subsidiary committees, including an option of maintaining a limited/elected core membership of the committees where such is the practice, while allowing wider participation as observers by interested members of the "executive" legislative organs;
In this connection, the Royal Government of Cambodia wishes to call upon all States Members of the United Nations to take the appropriate measures to implement resolution 62/3.
Many countries or consumers have demanded to have GMF labeled but the voices against labeling or demanding lower standards of labeling have always remained.
1. The family is the nuclear unit of society and is protected by the State.
far as I know, your company is a world famous one which produces cosmetics and skincare products.
Asia, Africa and Latin America should quite appropriately have two permanent members, and, at the same time, we should increase the number of non-permanent members.
22.67 The requirements under non-post resources of $223,300 would provide for other personnel-related costs, consultants, expert group meetings and travel of staff.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Per 1 secondary education
the Allied conquest of Sicily was completed as US and British forces entered Messina.
This may also affect the rights of migrant workers, other insured citizens and their family members who are mobile in the EU and can lead to the overprotection of, or on the other hand the loss of entitlements for, those dependent on care who exercise their right of free movement.
However, in general, the norms of the international human rights law protecting individuals against arbitrary detention shall be complied with by the Governments in situations of armed conflict.
If it becomes a reserve currency, everyone in the world will have to hold it.
If I hunt for a wealth girl as my girlfriend, I also don't have to so tried and quarrel with a crazy women.
Then,the three geniuses and three tractors.
What do you want people to praise you for?
Rice imports by Cuba currently amount to more than 500,000 tons. Oilseeds
We will develop modern distance learning programs for Party members and cadres in rural areas throughout the country.
257. In the literature, the question of whether it is the "provisions of the treaty" or their "legal effects" that are modified has been raised more forcefully.
"Day" means calendar day.
36. Immigrant women were by and large unprepared to work -- most had no language proficiency and had not received even elementary education in their own countries.
Our ranking methodology differs, giving different results.
The First Vice President issued two decrees establishing the SPLM transitional Political Bureau and the SPLM transitional Executive Bureau.
31 July 2004
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination - Serbia
The thirty-second session of the Working Party was opened on 21 September 1998 by Mr. Philippe Merlin (France), Vice-Chairman-cum-Rapporteur of the Working Party at its thirty-first session.
16 August 2011
This paper deals with the linear-quadratic control problem with an inequality constraint on the state integration.
Perfect democratic system and political party system construction.
Having examined the note by the secretariat of the Economic Commission for Africa entitled “Reform of the regional commissions: relations between the Economic Commission for Africa, United Nations agencies, regional and subregional organizations in Africa”, E/ECA/MFC.½.
Breaking up can stop us from quarrelling
Consideration of reports [6]
Members of the Dewan Rakyat are elected by the people while the members of Dewan Negara are appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong.
Against: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
"May-4th Movement" usually reminds us of Chen Duxiu who was at that time the Master of Art of Beijing University and the New Culture Movement under his leadership.
Further strengthening the review process of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
Special packing provision:
People can use public reaction as a device, and I鈥檓 sure it鈥檚 been done.鈥?
US delegation to arrive in South Korea A US government delegation has arrived in South Korea en route to Pyongyang. Monday's arrival in Seoul comes ahead of this week's trip to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to survey nuclear facilities set to be disabled
86. Mr. Matute (Peru) said his delegation associated itself with the statement made on behalf of the Rio Group.
Better an empty purse than an empty head. . Spoken and written are equally important.
Those courts that have been newly constructed or renovated during the 2000s have been adapted according to current demands for accessibility.
60 missions (4 missions in 15 regions) with local authorities, the United Nations country team, representatives of civil society, including women's organizations, and humanitarian and development non-governmental organizations to map and qualify local conflicts, identify actors involved and document and share information with key stakeholders in 15 regions
It probably reflects either male boasting or female bashfulness, but though it affects totals it does not seem to affect trends.
89.62. Carry out effective and independent investigations into allegations of torture and ill treatment in order to bring the perpetrators to justice and ensure that the victims enjoy full reparation (Switzerland);
The Syrian Arab Republic reiterates the call of the sixteenth summit of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries (Tehran, 26 to 31 August 2012) for an end to the embargo imposed by the Government of the United States of America against Cuba.
28. Decides to remain seized of the matter.
That process began last year in Doha with the Fourth Ministerial Meeting of the World Trade Organization (WTO); it grew in strength by incorporating the environmental dimension of sustainable development in Johannesburg, and it will continue with the holding of the Fifth Ministerial Meeting of the WTO in Cancún, Mexico, next year.
Low-growing Eurasian plant with yellow central disc flowers and pinkish-white outer ray flowers.
Cascading from those mandates are several system-wide sectoral strategic planning frameworks defining thematic goals, without specific corporate attribution.
(c) The accounting principles were applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding financial report;
In the quantity, calculate various realms to all get the extensive application.
The strange thing about living through a revolution is that it's very difficult to see what's going on.
 (c) Report of the Secretary-General on financing an effective United Nations: a report of the Independent Advisory Group on United Nations financing (A/48/565 and Corr.1).
It mattered not whether the woman he loved reasoned correctly or incorrectly.
In the case of commercial banks, this lack of activity has been linked to their mostly urban presence; their difficulties dealing with smaller loans (given documentation and processing costs); and past losses in agricultural finance, which make them hesitant to enter into new schemes.
MOSCOW – More than 18 months after former President Viktor Yanukovych was driven from power (and into exile), the crisis in Ukraine is at a stalemate.
A group of six experts will review the reports submitted by States pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001) during the coming work period.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
Both Tribunals have provided information about their current locations.
We can introduce the special machines for dredge work.
All comments and suggestions about the Journal are welcomed.
In this respect, it is important to develop in parallel prevention programmes and "compassion" campaigns, which underline the fact that HIV/AIDS is everybody's problem, and combat discriminatory attitudes against HIV-positive people.
They did not want to read any more about how the establishment had destroyed itself
Access to back issues of the Journal of the United Nations
However he assured the Council that he will continue to work closely with the authorities on human rights issues in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
They forecast that up to half the wage differential observed in recent years "can be expected to disappear. "
The impact of the new focal area strategies on leveraging private sector investment to address adaptation and mitigation needs of non-Annex I Parties;
In explanation of vote before the vote, a statement was made by the representative of Israel.
The State party should fully guarantee and protect the right of freedom of opinion and expression of journalists and media representatives, and introduce legal mechanisms and practical measures to that effect.
(Vienna, 10-14 November 2014)
It's wise to write a shopping list before shopping.
21. Notwithstanding the minimal commercial and industrial demand, power cuts are still a fact of life in most parts of Iraq, which has an unfavourable impact on the humanitarian programme. Telecommunications
373. The Committee recognizes the close links between discrimination against women and racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and endorses fully General Assembly resolution 52/111, of 12 December 1997, by which the Assembly decided to convene a World Conference on these themes.
The Republic of Azerbaijan is deeply alarmed by the transformation of the Azykh Cave, a precious human prehistoric monument, which is one of the oldest cradles of the human civilization, into an ammunition dump.
Consumers of the documents can choose whether or not to expose the new elements.
It is one of main contents of teaching reform in our universities to develop bilingual education on "International Trade Practice" .
(c) Observers for the following international organizations: Inter-Parliamentary Union, Organisation internationale de la Francophonie;
Marketable securities that potentially subject the organization to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of bonds and certificates of deposit.
5. Article 6 (3) of the Convention calls for States Parties to provide assistance for the care rehabilitation and reintegration of mine victims.
 Various ideas have been promoted for fostering regional integration, including the development of railway networks linking the southern ports in the Persian Gulf to the northern boundary of the Islamic Republic of Iran with Turkmenistan as well as railway connections linking the north-eastern railways of the region.
1. Public information programmes
Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters [General Assembly resolution 37/99 K]
The State party should also issue guidelines on gender-related persecution as a ground for claiming asylum.
Does it allow for an orderly transition?
His delegation supported the moratorium on executions as well as the abolition of the death penalty.
The traditional method of conducting user surveys is not always convincing, may be time-consuming for both the provider and the client, and can often suffer from bias.
22. The terms of reference of the CRIC clarify further that the CRIC is to review and compile best practices on the implementation of the Convention and forward this information for consideration by the COP with a view to disseminating it.
The paper was rejected on account of its length.
Singapore
He used his influence to get his son a job.
Two hours after the ship set sail for China.
List of issues in relation to the combined seventh and eighth periodic reports of Colombia
IV.75. Extrabudgetary resources have been projected at $89,704,900, as indicated in table 13.1(2); total resources for this section amount to $104,338,200 at 2000–2001 rates.
55. One of the greatest challenges to meeting national development goals in Africa is the precarious state of human capital.
Azerbaijan
She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family.Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron
Besides a first mortgage, a mortgagor may execute subsequent mortgages over his property. However, every first mortgage document invariably contains a covenant by the mortgagor not to further encumber the property without the consent of the first mortgagee bank.
I urge NGOs with an interest in conflict prevention to organize an international conference of local, national and international NGOs on their role in conflict prevention and future interaction with the United Nations in this field.
:: Cost parameters: change in salary scales
(United States dollars)
Creditors who do not report their claims during these periods shall be deemed to have automatically abandoned their claims.
They are likely to maintain temporary wealth but not everlasting wealth.
3. Coordination with international non-governmental organizations
A bullet entered his body.
China has also held anti-terrorism consul-tations respectively with the USA, Russia, UK, France, Pakistan and India, and has taken an active part in the work of the Security Council Anti-Terrorism Commission.
The mere mention does not imply that trademarks are not protected by third-party rights!
All developed countries - and most developing countries - have procedures to help private banks or firms to deal with such situations.
Another important parameter in assessing the housing situation is the distribution of rent paid to a social or private landlord (see annex, table 36).
“5. Requests the Secretary-General, in the context of his next report on procurement reform, to evolve and provide the standards for measuring the efficiency of procurement, taking into account the optimal duration of the procurement decision-making process, the total workload in the Procurement Division of the Secretariat and the cost-efficiency of procurement, against which the performance should be measured”
In the 2004 edition, 4 entities were distinguished (two awards and two honourable mentions) and, in the 2005-2006 edition, five (two awards and three honourable mentions).
:: Assist the high-level Government authorities with respect to security policies, programmes, plans and criteria to be implemented.
Ironically, Iran, the country that blocked the consensus, is the most heavily involved in the transfer of arms to terrorists in our region.
19. Also at the same meeting, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Stefano Toscano (Switzerland), orally corrected the text of the draft resolution.
In its resolution 45/124 of 14 December 1990, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit this report annually.
Page
Are you willing to stop doing that?
Many people stay away from riverbanks, or else a water spirits might steal their body.
2. This includes, inter alia, the right, individually and in association with others, to submit to governmental bodies and agencies and organizations concerned with public affairs criticism and proposals for improving their functioning and to draw attention to any aspect of their work that may hinder or impede the promotion, protection and realization of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Reporters tensed, sensing something big might be afoot.
By following this route, which is both narrow and realistic, we will make tangible progress towards genuine disarmament and the eventual elimination of nuclear weapons.
Recruitment (number of personnel)
47. CRC recommended that the Government ensure that children living or working in the streets have equal access to social services and that it develop effective strategies to address the root causes of the problem.
It notes with concern that, despite the voucher programme, the cost of school books and school uniforms burdens lowincome families and dangers children's equal access to education. With regard to secondary education, the Committee is concerned at its limited availability and still unsatisfactory enrolment rate but it is encouraged by the State party's efforts to provide universal access for children to secondary school by the year 2010.
During the conduct of course preparation, teachers attended a special course on "Sex and gender".
3. Although the report of the Secretary-General provides some information on the current status of the security management system of the United Nations, the Advisory Committee is of the view that the report falls short of meeting all requirements for the implementation report it requested for submission to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session (see A/59/539, para. 17).
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that intensive efforts were being made to reduce those rates and that recruitment was in its final stage for a number of posts.
Renumber the subsequent paragraphs accordingly.
Some time later, for noparticular reason,
Direct enquiries, if any, will be referred to Party B. However, should any other buyers wish to deal with Party A directly, Party A may do so, But Party A shall send to Party B a copy of sales confirmation and give party B% commission(s) concluded.
Navy rescue swimmer Shad Hernandez was lowered into the water by a rope.
It did, however, seem possible to simplify the wording without drawing a distinction between cases in which the reservation is communicated directly by the author and instances in which it is done by the depositary.
The international public philanthropic organization "Nadezhda-Ekspress", in cooperation with the United States humanitarian organization "City Hope International", is carrying out in Belarus a number of programmes for maternal and child protection and prevention of violence against women.
They also expressed full support for the deployment of MINURCAT and EUFOR and the coordination between those missions and other United Nations missions in the subregion while urging Chad and the Sudan to fully implement the Dakar Agreement and other relevant agreements.
1966-1976 Member of Parliament, Trinidad and Tobago.
18. Under the amendment to article 5, paragraph 2, of the Constitution (mentioned above), the human rights established in international human rights treaties have constitutional status.
Her report to the General Assembly included as an annex "Key messages on human rights defenders ten years after the adoption of the Declaration on human rights defenders, ten messages to raise awareness about defenders".
Model laws developed by UNODC that are closely linked to asset recovery include: the 2007 Model Law on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters, the 2005 Model Legislation on Money-Laundering and Financing of Terrorism (for civil law systems), and the 2009 Model Provisions on Money-Laundering, Terrorist Financing, Preventive Measures and the Proceeds of Crime (for common law systems).
At those sessions, Ukraine's representatives took an active part in the discussions on all key agenda items.
Chinese literature stubs
1. This Convention shall be open for signature in _____ from ____ to ____ 20__.
(e) Increased information security.
16.6 The Centre will undertake activities to promote and support the entry into force of the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
Potassium bisulfate
 13. A significant characteristic of bilaterally funded projects is that close to three quarters of available resources for these projects is used to procure goods and services in the international market.
Where available, regulatory bodies use risk-adjusted market rates to determine the rate of return figure.
Dan you give me any discount?
Strengthening advocacy and outreach.
Regarding damages, the court awarded to the buyer, under the heading of consequential damages, the costs of lawyers' fees in relation to extrajudicial claims addressed to the plaintiff outside Spain.
i've just rung out a lot of your blood.
Herbert returned home one evening, a good deal cast down.
Lebanon
However, except for some prosperous regions, the land circulation area for most regions is still small.
If only you could heal my heart Just one more time.
The Minors Code (Decree No. 78—79) specifies the procedure and corrective measures that are applicable to minors who have committed a criminal offence.
177. In addition to these measures, other action was taken to secure the adoption of a law setting a minimum quota for women members of decision-making bodies.
Juillac, Gers
Pouch highlights pouch sockdolager to issue palpebral prolapse, adipose accumulation, make person age feeling rises, lack vitality.
Around 59.5% of women are illiterate.
Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee
In this paper, the author introduce the structure, property, hydraulic drive and electric control system of the large oil press used for pre-bending large-diameter circular tube.
A/AC.254/L.284
An indication of how energy statistics might be used for the purposes of environment statistics, emission calculations and climate change is also to be provided.
The NAM Plan of Action adopted at the 15th NAM Summit held in Sharm El Sheikh shall be reviewed when necessary during Ministerial Meetings in order to evaluate its implementation and to update it, accordingly;.
We are concerned by the facts presented in the review, which show that Africa's debt burden has increased and that the level of official development assistance has dropped in this decade to an average 0.3 per cent of donor gross national product (GNP).
In addition, 58 States had signed the Optional Protocol.
The necessity of the construction of remote sensing data parse platform and the architecture of platform were explained. Then the method of displaying of platform data was clarified with examples.
Presentations were made by Mr. Gerónimo Gutiérrez, Vice-Minister for North America of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, and Mr. Jan O. Karlsson, Co-Chair of the Global Commission on International Migration.
"But when these things begin to take place, straighten up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near."
In addition to this there are a lot of unreported illegal abortions that are costing the life of so many young women.
 The feasibility study report was reviewed by a panel of 24 international experts, and a programme developed from the report was approved by the Council of UNU in February 1993.
Table A.22.12 Post requirements
IDB.39/23
The discussions were co-chaired by the representatives of the European Union, the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and attended by participants from Georgia, the Russian Federation and the United States of America.
Target 2008-2009: 20 per cent variance
A project on the intercomparison of data telemetry and transmission systems is currently being planned for implementation during 1996.
1. Integrated Management Information System
the value of this order is rather smallwe hope you will agree to payment by mail transfer after receipt of the documents.
Effects of various parameters on output power was also experimentally studied.
Addendum
Ended to allly, cover up to descend a little hope.
The Working Group also noted that the Office for Outer Space Affairs was working with Switzerland to open a dedicated UN-SPIDER liaison office in Geneva.
Uganda is ready and willing to investigate and as appropriate hold accountable any individuals or companies found in violation of both national laws and the arms embargo.
Consultations have been scheduled for the eighty-eighth session.
A Bibliometric Analysis of Published Articles and Their Citations in Modern University Education During the Recent Five Years
We note with appreciation the efforts deployed by the African Union and the regional economic communities in the area of economic integration towards a vibrant Africa.
Bruno Taut
We have audited if (a) the expenditures reported for the fiscal year have been properly included in the Statement of income and expenditures and have been charged to the appropriate budget line and (b) the goods and services procured were necessary or not excessive with regard to circumstances and the functions of the Tribunal.
21. The AWG-LCA considered this item at its 2nd meeting.
Current functions and missions
Please provide data, at the State and entity levels, on the number of victims of trafficking identified since 2009, the number of investigations and prosecutions carried out and the sentences imposed on perpetrators.
It shows some of the diverse ways in which people can confront and transcend oppression and offers examples of survival and growth in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds.
An Israeli enemy aircraft violated Lebanese airspace and circled over the South before leaving at 2044 hours.
If you work for a medium- to large-size company, chances are that you don't just wander in and out of work.
Article 12
He that trust in a lie shall perish in truth.
The secretariat will continue to strengthen the application of results-based management approaches to ensure that maximum impact is achieved from its technical cooperation work with member States.
It was a sweeping process aimed at strengthening and consolidating the current system by introducing reforms at every level, including in civil and criminal legislation.
1995-1999 Makerere University, Bachelor of Laws
ADOPTION OF THE AGENDA
And if, with the decay of vitality, weariness increases, the thought of rest will not be unwelcome.
By level of education:
Report of the Bureau
32. On the basis of the results of the January 2001 examination for English interpreters, four candidates who work from French and Russian have been identified as suitable trainees.
The report outlines weaknesses and strengths in the overall development efforts and in meeting the MDGs.
Similarly, joint ventures and other production-sharing agreements, particularly in the mineral and petroleum industries, have been in existence since early in this century and have become increasingly significant since the 1960s.
Introduction
32. Recalling States parties' obligation to undertake appropriate measures to fully implement the right of the child to be heard, the Committee urges the State party to actively combat negative attitudes which impede the full realization of the child's right to be heard through public education programmes and campaigns, including opinion leaders and the media, and to pay special attention to the particularly disadvantaged situation of girls in this regard.
"There's been no final decision at NASA headquarters to terminate any of these missions, despite what budget figures may imply," says NASA spokeswoman Gretchen Cook-Anderson.
2. Pending the submission to the General Assembly of the proposed budget of MONUA, the Controller sought, in his letter dated 18 July 1997, the concurrence of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions to enter into commitments in an amount totalling $49,975,500 gross ($48,202,500 net) for the period from 1 July to 31 October 1997 to meet the immediate and initial essential requirements of MONUA.
The Gambian pouched rat apparently can smell the difference between tuberculosis bacilli and the myriad other germs that inhabit human phlegm.
The storm of global crisis damaging the world economy still remains.
The programme of work will deal with issues for consideration by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth, ninth and tenth meetings.
The Office of Information and Communications Technology will eventually be responsible for maintaining these systems, but the date on which it will become responsible for doing so is not yet known.
8. Subsequently, the Chair proposed that the Committee recommend to the Assembly for adoption the draft decision contained in paragraph 10 below.
John, let me help you before you make things worse.
11. The ongoing construction of the barrier in the West Bank has contributed to population displacement throughout the West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem.
 But this is only one element of the solution.
According to the following table, the bulk number of women has participated in tailoring and typing.
11. Northern Ireland had a separate legal jurisdiction, with separate legislation on sex discrimination.
Given that irregularity often arises because the channels for legal migration are not well developed and host countries realize they need the services of migrant workers, regularization programmes have commonly been used to manage irregular migration.
The blade will need a harder bond with undercut protection to cut green concrete and a softer bond for cured concrete.
28. Mindful of the commitments made by the States of the region with regard to the principal international human rights treaties and other relevant international instruments that contain provisions on efforts to combat racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and acknowledging the need for States that have not ratified or acceded to those instruments to consider doing so;
It may be difficult to secure your release.
But she could not keep up the duplicity.
Committee for Programme and Coordination, forty-first session [Economic and Social Council resolution 2008 (LX) and General Assembly resolution 31/93]
Do you like to watch movies?
You could be "hemorrhoid guy."
Afghan National Police
In the Ministry of the Interior, female police officers make up 13.5% of the total number of employees.
Perhaps one day, India’s state railway, with 1.5m employees, will be the biggest restructuring story of all time
FAO is also developing model legislation for VMS which will assist countries in rapidly introducing legislation to support VMS measures.
Some members expressed concern over restrictive media and assembly laws that were recently promulgated.
Scotish adaptation was made about a century later.
Mandatory building inspection scheme and mandatory window inspection scheme
28. Under the current conditions, I consider UNFICYP's continued presence on the island necessary for the maintenance of the ceasefire between the two sides.
David's shot gun was propped in a corner of the kitchen.
Chair
88. The number of women living with HIV has been increasing globally since 2001 (see E/CN.6/2014/3).
Therefore, the available resources are limited at the beginning of the appeal.
Overcoming it will require a smarter approach to strategic decision-making and a broader understanding of innovation.
6. As she reached the end of her mandate, the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography undertook to review the major developments relating to her work that have taken place over the past six years and draw lessons from her experience as mandate holder.
You must, therefore, pardon the freedom with which I demand your attention; your feelings, I know, will bestow it unwillingly, but I demand it of your justice.
Pastry chefs often consider chefs as overbearing, bordering on control freaks, as one of them curtly put it
Water is easily broken down into hydrogen and oxygen.
By week's end they were publicly expressing their love for each other as brothers.
69. Iceland was confident that the momentum created by the new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty and other recent developments in the area of nuclear disarmament would help achieve the eventual elimination of all nuclear weapons, as envisaged in article VI of the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
However, companies often grant male employees longer terms, as they quite often get much shorter statutory paternity leave.
The details of the expenditure relating to the maintenance of the premises are shown in annex X.
(v) Oversight issues
Then, pull an all-nighter if you have to.
Annex I to the letter dated 19 September 2008 from the Permanent Representative of Thailand to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
Besides, the fuel stock required for the aircraft, called Avgas, is scarce in Africa.
Takes note of paragraphs 11 and 12 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, decides that, for the time being, the period for the circulation of specific job openings will remain at 60 days, and requests the Secretary-General to conduct a comprehensive review of the entire recruitment process to improve the overall response time, with a view to realizing the benchmark of 120 days for filling a post, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-seventh session.
320. As part of the development of national programmes for preventing, treating and combating epidemic, endemic and other diseases classified as priorities, such as the diseases targeted by the National Vaccination Programme, as well as leishmaniasis, hydatidosis, malaria and bilharzia, legislation was promulgated in 1992 to consolidate the efforts made in these areas (Act No. 92-71 of 27 July 1992 on transmissible diseases).
283. The Micro Investment Development Agency (MIDA) is an organization that provides financing for individuals wishing to start or expand micro businesses.
129. Also at the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/2012/L.15 without a vote.
Madam President,The Social Welfare Department (SWD) closely monitors service needs, and considers the staffing and operating standards currently recognised for subvention purposes in NGOs operating residential child care centres and children's homes adequate for the purpose of protecting the health and welfare of service users.
The good woman thinks that I have nothing to do but to write cheques for her silly fades .
16. Firstly, the development of contemporary human rights law had inevitably altered traditional notions of diplomatic protection, although, on the international level, diplomatic protection should still be viewed primarily as the right of a State, not of an individual.
Maybe, if you are a good girl we can go tomorrow.
He beats all the rivals to the throne.
All overseas branches and subsidiary companies of an authorized institution (including offshore booking centres) must also comply with the guidelines.
In that regard, the Group suggests requesting the advice of the International Labour Organization on the situation in Haiti.
Persons charged with sexual offences (2007 v. 2008)
The construction, principle and principal technical data of the laser-ceilometer developed by Impulsphysics GMBH of Hamburg, West Germany are introduced.
"Come and go along," said Lola.
 (b) External printing of the cover of the Yearbook of the United Nations and the five language editions of the UN Chronicle ($178,400);
Summary 7 - 12
City of Culture. Synonym of Taichung City, visited by many world renown renowned artists and performance troupes .
That is a dramatic switch from 1995, when Match was born.
Medical staff
"Then a spirit passed by my face; The hair of my flesh bristled up
:: 25 joint inspections with the Government at airports, landing strips, seaports and routes in North and South Kivu to verify mineral trades
The Task Force will continue to explore ways of facilitating job creation in the private sector.
62. The impact of forest diseases and insect pests has been profound over the centuries.
He contends that the confiscation of passport and refusal of the State party to permit departure of his wife and the three youngest children amounts to a continuing violation of article 12 of the Covenant.
Subareas of image processing include image enhancement, pattern detection and recognition and scene analysis and computer vision.
12. The rights and obligations are ensured to foreign and stateless persons, with the exceptions provided by law (Constitution of the Republic of Moldova, art. 19, p. 1).
We come from the watery place your people call Venus.
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its ninth special session
25. As requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/305 of 15 April 2003, in table A.10, sections (a) to (c), shows the gender distribution of staff in the Secretariat by nationality as at 30 June 2003.
2. Fluoropolymers;
Although the work is not yet completed, some interesting findings and trends were identified, like the following ones:
Using experience gained from managing previous outbreaks, health-care workers have been able to respond quickly and educate affected communities about how to control infection through behavioural change and modifications in customs.
The regional course for Africa, scheduled for January - February 2011 in Cairo, had to be postponed due to events in Egypt.
The policy focused on rural women, with projects involving olive groves, argan trees and saffron.
Several trees were blown down in the storm.
East Africa: A regional agreement with the East African Community (Kenya, Uganda, United Republic of Tanzania, Rwanda and Burundi)
The conservation and sustainable management of marine biodiversity, including the protection of marine vulnerable ecosystems located beyond the limits of national jurisdiction, has been at the forefront of the concerns of the international community in recent years.
Baird Asia has two primary missions.
Art. 5 (2)
Progress expected as at December 2016: 150
He informed the Commission of the content of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
I would like you to go and get me a flask of hot water.
A considerable gap existed between international standards and the situation on the ground.
 30. Written statements relevant to the work of the Council may be submitted by organizations in general consultative status and special consultative status on subjects in which these organizations have a special competence.
The Committee is concerned about insufficient coordination and cooperation between the Ministry for the Advancement of Women and Protection of Children and other mechanisms, including the National Institute for Monitoring the Advancement of Women and its regional and departmental institutes, the Advisers on Gender and Development to the President of the Republic and the Prime Minister, and the lack of clarity in their respective mandates.
Developing infrastructure in order to expand access and improve retention rates, especially for girls, by building an average of 200 classrooms a year;
107. The payments and the use of the funds provided to implementing partners were recorded in a project ledger account (X21) maintained for the monitoring of these expenditures.
Priority Aspect 4:
A reduction of 744 posts and positions for civilian staff was proposed, while the number of uniformed personnel, based on the current peacekeeping mandates approved by the Security Council, was projected to be 117,000, including uniformed personnel in the African Union Military Observer Mission in Somalia (AMISOM) supported by the United Nations Support Office for AMISOM (UNSOA).
110. A major issue that emerges from the government reports on efforts to implement the Platform for Action is the challenge posed by the multifaceted impact of globalization.
The hardline approach is initially popular with much of the US public, but invariably ends in grief.
:: The provision of good offices and consultations with all foreign Governments that might have influence on the Lebanese and non-Lebanese militias in Lebanon to assist in implementing the requirements of relevant Security Council resolutions in a peaceful manner
Australia and its coalition partners are determined to stay the course in Iraq.
Let me first introduce myself, and also correct a small error in the article.
Over at Harrods, the current stock includes snake artpendants by Theo Fennell, handcuffs and guns from Thomas Sabo and skulls on clothes from See By Chlo茅, Barker & Black's men's shoes and Ralph Lauren.
I was talking about my math exam.
23. At its seventy-eighth session, the Committee considered the situation of the Mapuche people in Chile with regard to the hunger strike of 35 political prisoners, including two children, which took place between July and October 2010.
informal consultations
Background: Article 4, paragraph 2 (d), provides that a second review of the adequacy of Article 4, paragraph 2 (a) and (b), shall take place not later than 31 December 1998.
She was incidentally found to have a Grade 1 isthmic type of spondylolisthesis.
The study results was published in this month's journal Carcinogenesis.
All the ethnic groups and factions in countries concerned should put the national interests above everything else and endeavor to advance an inclusive political process, protect human rights, restore the rule of law, work together to promote national development, and enable all people to benefit from peace dividends.
New and renewed multi-year pledges covering the extended period of the strategic plan, 2011-2013, are vital if UNDP is to have a predictable resource base.
My name's James Goodman.2--Ah, good morning, Mr Goodman
The Chinese government wishes to join all other countries in the efforts to this end.
Glen: I think everything is just about ready now.
It is also concerned about the lack of expertise within the judiciary on domestic and family violence cases.
22. The Chair of the Committee for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, an intergovernmental body created by the Second Protocol to the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Property in the Event of Armed Conflict, also alerted the relevant authorities of Mali and the Syrian Arab Republic to the need to respect cultural property under article 4 of the Convention.
definitely wonder woman.
II. Contributions to the Trust Fund for the United Nations Forum on Forests and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund
Please provide information on what steps have been taken, or are planned, in response to these recommendations.
Regulations Concerning Academic Degrees in the People's Republic of China Certificate of Completion Certificate of Graduation Certificate of Completion/Incompletion/ Attendance/Study College/Institute of Education Normal Specialised Postsecondary College
I've often wondered.
Positive contribution was made to ensure that reproductive health services are more available, accessible and of better quality.
- Tibetan Centre for Human Rights and Democracy.
(e) Take all necessary measures to ensure that when detention is carried out, it is done in compliance with the law and respects the rights of the child as set out under the Convention, and that children are held separately from adults in both pre-trial detention and after being sentenced;
Reports of the Industrial Development Board on the work of its twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth and thirtieth regular sessions (continued)
If the material production and serious rough, immediately notify customers.
This included physical assault, harassment, intimidation, setting fire to or seizing agricultural land, uprooting or damaging olive trees and grape vines, the prevention of access, throwing stones at vehicles and houses, vandalizing mosques and cemeteries, shooting civilians and killing livestock.
The boundary conditions of scattering heat of synchronous generator are dealed with reasonaby.
2. The SPI would take into consideration the scope and functions of the existing UNCCD Scientific Conferences and aspirations to improve their effectiveness by (a) analysing and proposing topics for forthcoming conferences to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) through the CST, (b) providing guidance for the organization of such forthcoming conferences, and (c) providing guidance for unfolding policy-oriented recommendations.
Taxonomy/Euchelus
In addition, the brief introduction of the concept of karst cave animals and other adaptability characters are given.
Country cooperation strategies are established between ministries of health and WHO to guide the organization's work at the national level.
SSE
Despite the risks in government bonds, there is a case for the sector.
Please provide your comments by 31 March 2002
Amayak Oganesyan, who was drafted into the army on 1 May 1995, was allegedly ill-treated by his sergeant who verbally abused him, inflicted a knife wound near his ribs and hit him around the head with a spade.
Counterpart International,
 To achieve this, it would be desirable for an international force to be established in Burundi with the mission of protecting the democratic institutions and restoring a climate of confidence amongst the population.
Panel discussion on "Brain education as a tool for implementing the Millennium Development Goals in Latin America" (co-organized by the Permanent Mission of El Salvador and the International Brain Education Association (IBREA))
St. Francis Street
For the Netherlands, the benchmark for progress towards nuclear disarmament is the "13 steps" approach we agreed in 2000.
If anything , the pressures on Mr Obama are even more acute.
Food buckets packets and water is been being dropped in remote areas.
It was agreed that mechanisms would need to be established for monitoring and evaluating the work of the Organization in order to determine the effectiveness of its work so that proposals for additional resources would fully reflect the results of careful scrutiny and analysis of the activities that had been undertaken.
The Mission will increase its radio production from 5,016 minutes to 6,320 minutes per month and will increase its video production from 1,260 minutes to 2,354 minutes per month to be aired on 15 television stations.
2. Invites the Secretary-General and participating organizations of the United Nations system, when addressing the issues raised in paragraphs (a) and (c) of recommendation 1, and in recommendations 6, 7 and 8 of the Unit and using the services of private management consulting firms, to take fully into account the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions 55/232 and 55/247. 92nd plenary meeting
69. Argentina reaffirms its commitment to continue strengthening the protection of human rights at a universal and regional level, and also to preserve and strengthen the role of NGOs in the promotion and defence of human rights.
In the provision of economic and emergency assistance, the sovereignty of the recipient country must be fully respected.
(c) In the case of a person who is not employed by the United Nations for the whole of a calendar year or in cases where there is a change in the annual rate of payments made to a staff member, the rate of assessment shall be governed by the annual rate of each such payment made to him or her;
(o) On 30 - 31 January 2006, the third meeting within the "Black Sea Border Security Initiative" - which is the first multilateral initiative for fighting against WMD proliferation in this region - took place.
But why intellectual activity should be conceived of by the historians of culture as the cause or the expression of a whole historical movement, it is hard to understand.
Don't forget to buy your tickets for the Hawaiian Hula Prom tonight.
 In the Islamic Republic of Iran, the national gas distribution system is being extended and exports possibilities to Asia and Europe are being studied.
" At that moment I caught a gleam of light in the impenetrable mystery of his presence; and I demanded, abruptly: "Do you come from another planet
The results show that no the change of cells morphological or inhibitory effect on cell gro.
19. The following reports were before the Committee at its thirtysixth session:
"2. Decides that the name of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Population Fund is to be changed to the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Population Fund and the United Nations Office for Project Services;
The title of draft article 8 should be aligned with the title of article 65, so as to simply read "Procedure", especially as draft article 8 deals with the entire procedure of termination, withdrawal or suspension, not solely with notification.
Disaggregate for indigenous peoples (youth unemployment not mentioned specifically as an issue, but likely to affect outmigration rates)
Subprogramme 5. Justice
Ms. Catherine Bragg
be well fixed be well fixed Since China opened to the outside world, some farmers have become entrepreneurs and many are well-fixed, living a much more comfortable life.
 On eight occasions, the cease-fire did not hold for more than a few hours.
States parties underlined the fundamental importance of effective and balanced implementation of the Treaty across its three pillars, full compliance with all the Treaty's provisions, and universal adherence to the Treaty.
The situation was out of control and turned into confusion.
It was also concerned at the increasing number of children orphaned by AIDS.
This would aim at the negotiation of a conventional arms trade treaty under the United Nations auspices.
Heinrich Harrer
The issues of the world and peace should be considered and decisions reflecting the will and the interests of the community of nations should be adopted only within the framework of the United Nations.
And you'll be proud of me
168. The Panel has noted a significant decline in the number of violations of the ban through Abidjan.
Stressing the importance of multi-stakeholder partnerships and international cooperation in combating discrimination based on disability and mainstreaming disability in the global development agenda for the promotion of the linkages between disability and global development priorities, including, inter alia, poverty reduction and sustainable development,
And if you know Ronny you know he's a special kid.
"More than anything, when I was pregnant, I was looking forward to watching my husband be a dad," said Jenna Jacobs, whose husband Ari was killed at the World Trade Center.
Geostatistics is a rising interdisciplinary, and is being widely used in exploration and exploitation of petroleum.
212. The Employment Act 1955 was amended in 1998 to provide for flexible working hours and to allow for statutory benefits proportionate to that of full-time employees to be paid to part-time workers, among others.
Upon inquiry, the GM provided the Inspectors with data on financial resources mobilized for SLM through GM interventions (2008-2009).
International Court of Justice
Japanese imperialism is carrying out a policy of total conquest of China.
Meanwhile, the International Independent Fact-Finding Mission formed by the Human Rights Council has issued its report (A/HRC/15/21), which contains alarming findings, compelling legal arguments and striking conclusions.
With one right and one left-handed parent, 15 to 20 per cent of the offspring will be lefthanded.
(i) Operating reserves are included in the totals for "reserves and fund balances" shown in the financial statements;
Sources: Letters from the Government dated 20 July 1988 and 5 February 1991.
Information, education and awarenessraising campaigns are conducted targeting men specifically, particularly in the workplace.
Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. New York, 13 December 2006
:Food and drink :Food and drink It's time to30 go to school00 go to the classroom400 play games 00 go home00 go to bedOh, it's time to go to school.
This Executive Summary summarizes main conclusions from this review and recommendations related to the specific questions detailed in the TOR.
Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice
France
Cayman Islands
It recognized efforts to boost trade and investment to alleviate poverty and improve living standards.
In paragraph 4, the resolution requested the Secretary-General to consider existing and potential threats in the sphere of information security and possible cooperative measures to address them, and to conduct a study with the assistance of a group of governmental experts, to be established in 2004, appointed by him on the basis of equitable geographical distribution and with the help of Member States in a position to render such assistance, and to submit a report on the outcome of the study to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session.
It was effective to hasten the breaking of the epicotyl dormancy after the peony seeds were treated with physical and chemical methods when the length of the roots of the seeds reached to 5 cm.
The price of palm oil, which is produced locally and used in daily meals throughout the country, increased from 500 leones to between 700 and 1,500 leones in a year.
Fund Manager: UNDP Technical Cooperation among Developing Countries
Deeply concerned that the phenomenon of racism and racial discrimination against migrant workers continues to increase, despite the efforts made by the international community to improve the protection of the human rights of migrant workers and members of their families,
The funding and other resources required would be included in the regular budgets of the offices at each of the duty stations.
Whoever chooses one of these nationalities is not allowed to keep the other.
Such a step will, as well as strengthening the nuclear non-proliferation regime, also effectively eliminate the further manufacture of nuclear weapons.
Support from Member States with satellite capability to both MONUC and the group of experts would assist in verifying information collected.
Decision 70/13
 May I consider that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
4.12 In the alternative, the State party submits that the complainant's allegations regarding treatment by the LTTE are manifestly ill-founded and marked by inconsistencies that undermine their merit.
Experts from Bolivia, Brazil, the Netherlands and Spain were brought together by the Division to finalize a proposal of an economic and social council for Bolivia to be introduced for the consideration of the Bolivian Constituent Assembly.
The success of these efforts to make the mediation partnership more coherent ultimately depends on the degree to which this approach is adopted at the strategic level and supported by Member States.
A/67/137
That role derived from the general obligation of States to ensure that activities within their jurisdiction and control did not cause transboundary damage.
In a statement released several hours after their return, the 15 said their arrival at Heathrow airport had been a dream come true and said they would not forget the welcome.
Telšiai County
The Senior Legal Adviser serves as the principal legal adviser to the Registrar and the Deputy Registrar, but also provides legal advice to the President of the Tribunal and the Prosecutor as necessary.
The whole process of formulation, application and promotion of Great Wall brand HHV46 is introduced as the main part of this paper.
Contemporary Forms of Slavery
VI. CLOSING STATEMENTS 50 - 53 12
30. Mr. Barsy (Sudan) said that although some legal systems did not provide for settlement agreements to be voluntarily enforceable, others did.
She notes that, according to such logic, every Filipina caught in an exploitative situation would thus be expected to physically assault her attacker or molester.
Statements were made by the representatives of Jordan, Senegal, Venezuela, Turkey, Uganda, Bangladesh, Sweden, Nigeria, Kenya, Mexico, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Nepal, the Russian Federation, Poland, Italy, the Netherlands, the United States of America and Nicaragua.
Remember the old adage — buy cheap, buy twice!
They expected that better planning would enhance effective use of resources, reflecting Member States' priorities, based on the mandates emanating from intergovernmental bodies, and aiming at improved systemic coordination among United Nations organs and agencies.
Meanwhile, those stoking anger over the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have launched a campaign of intimidation against anyone who would dare to identify the sources of today’s anti-Semitism.
It also facilitated exchanges and lessons learned between procurement and requisitioners across the agencies.
(see also part II, chapters 18, 32 and 40)
4. Notes the agreement between the signatories of the Nouméa Accord that the progress made in the emancipation process shall be brought to the attention of the United Nations;
With the new financial system to be introduced during the next 18 months, there will be scope for further improving the analysis and apportionment of costs.
(5) The 12-month period within which an objection must be formulated in order to reverse the presumption of acceptance, provided for in article 20, paragraph 5, of the Vienna Conventions, did not, however, seem to be a well-established customary rule at the time of the Vienna Conference; nevertheless, it is still "the most acceptable" period.
Guys who came here seldom, if any, carefully read the stipulation of limit on help they ask for.
202B
20. The Conference endorsed the draft strategic framework and proposed biennial programme plan for ECA 2014-2015 and called on the Committee for Programme and Coordination to support the plan and to ensure that the necessary resources were made available for its implementation.
We therefore look forward to its adoption and to convening a conference to review the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action in 2006.
1) Weak: There is no opportunity for promotion. Revision: No opportunity for promotion exists
What is tuberculosis?
You are so enfeebled!
But critics of the euro should take the gold-standard analogy more seriously.
Moldova
An agreement of cooperation was also signed in 2009 with IMO.
Industrial Development Board
Draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.52: Human rights and terrorism
Achieving that end could entail both progressive development and codification of international law to address any lacunae in the existing corpus of international law and State practice.
Cooperation is equally vital in reinforcing the bedrock economic principles on which America and other countries built their postwar prosperity.
The  Ajna  Chakra , or third eye, is linked to the pineal gland.
The bank added: “With economic growth in the US and eurozone slowing to a more tempered pace, the external environment facing East Asia in 2007 is likely to be somewhat less supportive of economic growth, but more conducive to containing inflation.”
Different countries and nations need to respect, tolerate and learn from each other's culture.
His mother called out from the living room, "Remember to put on a pair of new socks!
Not that you're looking for that.
Other supplies, services and equipment
Third stage - the complaint should be handled by an independent body outside the organisation concerned if the internal procedure fails.
Consequently, the Committee finds this part of the communication inadmissible, pursuant to article 2 of the Optional Protocol.
There are serious deficiencies in the application of laws in Hungary when it comes to hate crimes.
Employment recovery would be slower than economic recovery, raising the critical issue of how to make recovery of labour markets more rapid and protect vulnerable populations.
Population and development
It was noted that funds might be `offshored' for reasons that may not relate to taxation, however;
His jokes fell flat and amused nobody.
It will be progressively updated in cooperation with other members and partners of UN-Water throughout the Decade to provide advocacy support on diverse themes.
The proponents of the Adjustment confirm that only paragraph 5 in Article 2H is changed.
(c) Recruiting for; or
4. A State Party that has submitted a comprehensive initial report to the Commission need not, in its subsequent reports submitted in accordance with paragraph 1 of this article, repeat basic information previously provided.
77. JS2 stated that the Government continued to arrest, torture and jail Montagnard Christians.
Moreover, the right to equality before the courts prohibits any distinction regarding access to courts and tribunals that are not based on law and cannot be justified on objective and reasonable grounds.
She quarreled with her boyfriend and then run out under the heavy rain.
V. COORDINATION
23. Urges States to give adequate priority in their development strategies and expenditures to the realization of the right to food;
Constitutional, political and legal issues
We are convinced that in modern day conditions, unless there is consistent democratization and human emancipation, progress and prosperity cannot be achieved.
1. Supports participation of the United Nations Population Fund in the new United Nations joint and co-sponsored programme on HIV/AIDS in a manner as set forth in paragraphs 1 and 3 of its decision 94/6 of 10 May 1994;
How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread, that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees?
I shall never forget how kind you have been to me, Smirke.
Cambodia
A second court overruled this objection on 15 September 1991 and issued a new order for the detainee's release.
She wondered whether there were any programmes to assist middle-aged and elderly women, who accounted for a large percentage of the illiterate population.
(b) Failure to consider the issue of immunity in limine litis may be viewed as a violation of the obligations of the forum State under the norms governing immunity.
7. Based on the current audit, the Board concurs that the recommendation has been implemented.
says he.
High-level Round Table on Trade and Development:
Human Rights Council, sixth session [General Assembly resolution 60/251]
Another representative highlighted the potential synergies with the work of other chemicals conventions and the strategic approach to international chemicals management, and suggested that the secretariats of those bodies should be approached with a view to sharing work and expenses.
It has been frequently visited by Georgian workers and, presumably, the explosion targeted them.
They are so small.
A total of 381,585 families received the allowance in the 2007/08 financial year.
Let yourself be red-hot both within and out of the company. 6
(b) Work on public-private partnerships deserves further impetus with a view to delivering concrete results within clear time frames and with more attention given to the exchange of best practices;
4. In the first decade of the twenty-first century, the world is faced with a series of challenges with respect to work and labour.
The claimant, a Hong Kong company, and the respondent, a German company, had concluded a general agreement for the exclusive delivery and distribution of Chinese goods.
54. During the second half of 1998, the secretariat will continue to facilitate the above three activities and will hold another meeting of the ad hoc group on benchmarks and indicators in Geneva (1-3 September).
Exploitation of cultural relics must be subordinated to and serve the requirements of the building of socialist spiritual civilization, persist in putting social benefits first and strive for the realization of unification of social benefits and economic benefits.
The Convention seeks to remove discrimination in employment and occupation based, inter alia, on race, colour or sex.
The payment of sickness cash benefit starts from the calendar day following the day of determination of temporary incapacity to work, i.e. there is a waiting period of one day. However, this waiting period is not applied in the cases of pregnancy and nursing of a sick family member.
Our national committee is supporting other activities designed to enhance the significance of the fiftieth anniversary, to which my Government attaches particular importance. In the same spirit, we have contributed to the trust fund established by the Secretary-General to support activities devoted to the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary.
The Government has continued to pay health-care workers' wages in all areas, including those infiltrated by terrorist groups, and has trained volunteers to provide health-care services to the local inhabitants.
Fifty-eighth session
How come greens hurt people? Is there anything safe to eat now?
And for those of you who know Randy well, he was like oh, dark humor!
$5 to $10 billion
All are invited to attend.
The accurate formula of wire - injection value hasn't been proposed and it is operated by empirical value.
Issues are thus highlighted for microfinance legislation and regulation which may be common to all States, and on which further guidance may be needed.
4. The United States Virgin Islands constitute an organized, unincorporated Territory of the United States of America.
31. The Drafting Committee is expected to hold its first meeting on 19 June 1998.
The Bureau is elected on the basis of the principle of equitable geographical distribution: a member of the Bureau is elected from each of the regions represented on the Commission.
Contractual services
Policies and strategies pertaining to the coordination of space-related activities
A/65/PV.58 and 59 (jointly with sub-item (a))
6. Reaffirms all its relevant resolutions on Cyprus, in particular resolution 1251 (1999) of 29 June 1999 and subsequent resolutions;
General Motors hopes to put fizz into its staid Buick brand with high-performance "Super" versions of the LaCrosse and Lucerne saloons.
(b) South-South cooperation for development (continued)
8.3 The Committee notes that the author has argued that article 172(3) of the Administrative Offences Code does not apply to him and that the sanctions thus were unlawful and constituted a violation of article 19 of the Covenant.
Engineering recipes can now be placed in engineering bags, as can engineer made fireworks.
Despite this, she still finds himself the center of attention.
When someone has deeply hurt you, it can be extremely difficult to let go of your grudge.
The 2002 Report, Escaping the Poverty Trap, developed a dataset on poverty in LDCs, which combined national accounts and household survey statistics and examined the nature, dynamics and specificities of poverty in these countries to analyse the complex relationship between economic growth and poverty reduction, and the influence international trade has on this relationship.
'Heigh ho hum! ' cried Mr Feeder, shaking himself like a cart-horse. 'Oh dear me, dear me! Ya-a-a-ah! '
(c) Paying particular attention to existing risk factors, such as the growing sex tourism in the region, and continuing to collaborate with the Department of Tourism and tourism service providers in this respect;
289. At its fifty-second session, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Sixth Committee, requested the Preparatory Committee to continue its work and to transmit to the United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court the text of a draft convention on the establishment of an international criminal court prepared in accordance with its mandate.
He expressed the hope that the draft resolution would be adopted by consensus.
While the Working Group took note of the authorized threshold for expenditures, the information received did not clarify the procedures followed with regard to contracts falling within the authorized amount.
Until North Korea conducted its nuclear test this month, the idea of the isolated state launching a nuclear missile or sending ships carrying a nuclear bomb towards Japan seemed implausible.
Thus, the Annual Report of UNIDO 2008 covers information on UNIDO's performance during the year, particularly with reference to its activities in support of achieving the MDGs in its three thematic priorities, and to specific accomplishments in improving the overall approach of the United Nations system's development cooperation in support of national development priorities and strategies, and national capacity-building.
(b) Decide on the composition of the panel that will perform reviews;
72. Archbishop Migliore (Observer for the Holy See) said that protecting the environment meant more than defending it.
It was wrong of you to do that.
No one shall return by way of the gate by which he entered but shall go straight out.
1. The author of the communication is Mr. J.A.B.G., a Spanish national, born on 21 September 1944.
There are two yolks in the egg.
Geneva, 9 July 1999
The patients with poor blood supply were pretreated with drugs to enlarge blood vessels and improve microcirculation.
A number of national laws have been enacted that contain numerous provisions designed to reinforce the basic freedoms essential to the protection of human rights.
They are pressing ahead with a winter work project.
Shoe blogger and author of The Perfect Fit, Meghan Cleary, says: “I have seen people wearing two different shoes.
Email: luisa.basilio@dgge.pt
Llambilles
235. In 2009, the Ministry of the Economy continued to publish its quarterly bulletin Women and Business, which provides up-to-date information on policies targeted at promoting entrepreneurship among women, projects ongoing and underway, and other useful information.
The donors and the partner countries have a mutual responsibility in terms of development outcomes;
International Law Commission, sixty-second session, second part [General Assembly resolution 174 (II)]
"I have confidence.
The Government is actively encouraging enterprises to independently determine the range of wage increases on the basis of a system of collective bargaining, to apply to all employees without gender distinctions.
That summer, we talked endlessly always, about everything. Fusion, nothing new for you.
Add black bars on top and bottom of photo and it's done!
I wish to reiterate that Myanmar is against all forms of terrorism.
2014 in Andorra
The Federated States of Micronesia accepts the recommendation and will subject the review to its internal procedure for treaty ratification/accession.
After all, those agencies have a unique global mandate and political legitimacy, and the capacity to operate in all parts of the world.
There is no way to avoid shrinking the budget deficit without jeopardizing debt sustainability – and probably sooner rather than later.
Substitutes for virgin materials such as styrene-butadiene-styrene
Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
1. At its present session, the Working Group continued its work on the development of "an efficient legal regime for security rights in goods involved in a commercial activity".
36. The mobility policy has been implemented in a gradual and phased manner in order to maintain continuity and quality of service and the institutional memory and capacity of the Organization.
Ethiopia
Administrative processes are difficult and inconsistent, hindering effective action.
Livingston said he also wants patients to see his Facebook and Twitter pages as something of "knowledge base. "
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
The list of additional agricultural items was approved on 23 February 2001, and the list of additional items for the health sector was approved on 27 February 2001.
He insisted his government would be tough on people-smugglers, but humane towards refugees.
Equal Opportunities for All Trust Fund
36. The Forum may wish to call upon the governing bodies of United Nations agencies, regional organizations and other international intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to:
"It's too early to conclude that this has been solved, but I think China has been moving in the right direction, " he said.
Since such arrangements are essential to implementing national action programmes, their initiation should now be a major focus.
2. Forces de résistance patriotiques en Ituri and Coalition des groupes armés
B. Issues of specific concern
Report of the Human Rights Council
The Royal Thai Government feels that force commanders should be appointed early and be directly engaged in preliminary planning so that early advice concerning force composition and requirements can be given to ensure effective preparation by troop-contributing countries.
He warned them against suffering giddiness from success.
At its recent summit, ASEAN leaders asked Myanmar for more clarification about the country’s internal situation.
105 A5 countries achieved their national freeze in 2002, and about 20 Parties failed to do so(5).
V. Office of Internal Oversight Services chart
Vladimir Schumilin (not represented by counsel)
5. Consideration of reports, comments and information submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention.
From simple tasks such as looking for third-party software, to more complicated ones such as updating the operating system, smartphone users had a lot of responsibility.
We express our deepest appreciation for the efforts of UNMAS and hope for future cooperation with other countries to clear Egypt of mines, which have hindered development for the last 50 years and have destroyed the lives of women, children and elderly people in Egypt.
For a period we've got inflation rising and unemployment rising.
So if you don't mind..
Transfers from (to) other fundsc
75. UNFPA authorized its representatives to purchase goods and services locally, with the exception of contraceptive commodities.
222. In relation to article 2 of the Covenant, the Committee observes that the Dominican Republic has done very little to promote public awareness of the rights set forth in the Covenant.
This situation is even more alarming in Central America.
I should also like to inform members that Uzbekistan has become a sponsor of the draft resolution.
In New Zealand, legal aid is administered by the Legal Services Agency, a Crown entity set up by the Legal Services Act 2000.
It may have come from the island of Rhodes, the home of Hipparchus, an ancient astronomer who calculated the moon's orbit.
Buy insurance beneficiary who does not know to write the name of.
Du Qinglin, head of the United Front Work Department, a Communist party organisation responsible for liaising with groups outside the party, said the Dalai Lama should “openly and clearly promise and through concrete actions not support activities disturbing or sabotaging the Olympic Games, nor support, plan or incite violent criminal activities”.
3. The Committee may invite the State Party to submit further information about any measures the State Party has taken in response to its Views or recommendations, if any, including as deemed appropriate by the Committee, in the State Party's subsequent reports under articles 16 and 17 of the Covenant.
The students acted on the teacher's advice.
ZACATECAS - TOPIC: INCORPORATING GEP
The growing trade is being driven by the power and telecoms equipment sectors.
9. Reaffirms the importance of receiving information from the organizations and specialized agencies of the United Nations and invites the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Health Organization, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the other United Nations bodies and specialized agencies concerned to report to the SecretaryGeneral on the activities conducted in their respective areas to ensure that the principles set forth in the Universal Declaration on the Human Genome and Human Rights are taken into account and to make these reports available to Governments;
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
He needs to inspire the workforce with the organization's aspirations and values.
"Considering that, pursuant to its resolutions 415 (V) of 1 December 1950 and 46/152 of 18 December 1991, the Eleventh Congress is to be held in 2005,
She feels it her duty to take good care of her sick mother.
1992-1994 Electoral Commission of Zambia.
Submitted by the President-designate
These leaders exert a hold on the refugees through intimidation and the support of military personnel and militia members in the camps.
It regrets, however, that this law does not include gender-related persecution as a legitimate ground for asylum or reflect the principle of the best interests of the child.
(c) Delimitation of airspace and outer space;
But it would be much more fun if we went together.
314. Senegal reiterated that it had welcomed, in December 2008, Burundi's efforts to promote and protect human rights, highlighting in particular the measures taken for women and children.
On 29 July 1997, the same Minister modified them and, inter alia, obtained the right to deny the issuance of licences; the Minister applied his new prerogatives retroactively to the author's case.
It was also pointed out that one of the problems of inter-agency mobility was that positions were sometimes reserved for staff members who were part of a network or a special interest group.
Deal with these people, the bandit who is abode orders to her is the best sharp arms.
I mistook the stick for a snake.
The Speller and Grammars that followed it, like the Dictionary, inculcated Biblical morality through countless maxims and sayings, many of them direct quotations from the Bible itself.
The Chief Executive
Moreover, it has authority only for activities financed from the UNAIDS Unified Budget and Workplan (UBW) and has no authority over the individual Cosponsors' programmes on HIV and AIDS.
I spent two days hearing stories about cleaning by average people like you and me.
The State party should review the asylum procedure and the decisions on applications for international protection by the State Agency for Refugees (SAR) with a view to ensuring that all asylum-seekers have access to a fair and efficient asylum system.
"Recalling further its decision 48/501 of 19 September 1994, in which it decided that the United Nations Office for Project Services should become a separate and identifiable entity,
Documents considered by the Council in connection with item 3 (b)
Development Trend of Computer Cataloguing under Network Environment: Online Union Cataloging
CRC
The microencapsulation conditions were investigated by orthogonal test, and the oxidative stability of the microencapsulated Chinese gooseberry seed oil was also discussed.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
To offer economic support or long-term loans to the collectives and private individuals who plant and cultivate forests according to relevant stipulations of the central and local people's governments
- MDG 3, launched with its partner El Karamat in 2013 in Mauritania an extensive programme against excision and early marriage in the adouabas.
A. Draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.6/Rev.1
It's the secret weapon that will help you cope with the hassles of life
But I do know how to help.
Objective To investigate the prevalence and risk factors of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ).
One can only imagine the cumulative impact of sustaining such an increase in funding over the next 5 or 10 years.
This is because Article 19 applies Article 14 of the Convention (Settlement of Disputes) to the Protocol; and Article 14 of the Convention concerns a dispute between as few as two Parties regarding “interpretation or application of the Convention” (and, therefore, the Protocol); yet “non-compliance [by a Party] with the provisions of this Protocol”, which is the subject of Article 18, is a matter of concern to all Parties to the Protocol.
It called for special attention to be focused on the programme for the rehabilitation of war victims by providing institutional support to the National Commission for the Rehabilitation of Sinistrés (survivors).
In this regard, the OIC Group also reiterates its demand for accountability and justice for the war crimes and human rights violations perpetrated against the Palestinian civilian population during that Israeli military aggression, as called for by the General Assembly and the Human Rights Council in follow-up of the report of the United Nations Fact-finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict (Goldstone report).
And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own superiority.
Exceptional report of India (CEDAW/C/IND/SP.1)
The team carried out a series of inspections of the sites involved with the tubes and checked the quantities of tubes imported by Iraq.
25. Mr. Rhodes (Chair of the International Civil Service Commission) said that the proposed changes would only affect the rest and recuperation framework; nothing would change with respect to danger pay.
It should also be added that the Libyan authorities have made repeated requests to the Commission for support to be provided to the Tripoli Agreement observers.
EvidentLy, the soul-stealing activities of the fox demon were associated with the impropriety of rule by empress dowagers.
As for the implementation of the Conventions on Human Rights, the Albanian authorities are committed to align, adopt and complement the national legal framework in compliance with the international obligations, where Albania is a party.
Time management, especially for the more fluid work arrangements of many freelancers, doesn't have to be a rigid or time-consuming process.
D. Wipe lip of bottle with paper towel.
For instance, in Bangladesh, during 2001 - 2007, there was a reduction in absolute poverty, particularly in urban areas, although poverty in rural areas continued to rise.
CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES
Documents that discussed this need were circulated to senior executives, this person says.
 During the nearly seven years of conflict, the provision of essential services has fallen largely to the humanitarian community.
Fourth, the consumption of fish and chips showed three changes in the general trend of fluctuation.
Host and Chairman of the Conference.
We were grateful for the help from the international community, especially from the FIA Foundation for the Automobile and Society.
Beggars to be "off the streets during the World Cup at least two months."
The theft may have been a prank or targeted deliberately for sale to a collector, police said.
There's a real danger that you will jeopardize your own relationship with the person you are trying to help.
Pratiques pénitentiaires et théorie sociale. L'exemple de la prison de Genève (1825-1862). Geneva-Paris, Droz, 1981 (prize from the Swiss Association for Prison Reform, 1981; honoured by the jury for the Gabriel Tarde prize, 1981).
We will have to determine which of the two Americas stands to reap the greater benefit from the Miami Summit.
(1) She paid when she could have entered free.
It is right to establish a good understanding at the beginning
4. The transfer was from that group to another group.
Resolve conflicts interactively (articles must support interactive resolution)
The trial was proceeding as at the date of correspondence (6 February 1998).
504. The Committee recommends that the State party take all necessary measures to ensure universal access to affordable primary health care and to provide the recently established village healthcare centres with adequate equipment and human resources.
The authors analyzed the agro-machinery actuality in Honghe State, expatiated its foreground, considered how to quicken its development.
4.4 When considering the author's case, the Judicial Division of the Council of State accepted the Minister's arguments that the difference in treatment did not infringe the right to equality since the cases in question were not the same as they related to different categories of civil servants.
44. In its resolution 65/206 the General Assembly called upon States to make available relevant information with regard to their use of the death penalty, which could contribute to informed and transparent national debates.
A trap for large animals in which a heavy weight is arranged to fall on and kill or disable the prey.
UNICEF, WHO, Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), UNFPA
Promotion and protection of human rights: implementation of human rights instruments
Identical letters from the representative of Egypt to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council
It's got to be one of these three.
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/63/L.29, entitled "International Labour Organization Declaration on Social Justice for a Fair Globalization" (under agenda item 44) (convened by the delegations of Norway and the United Republic of Tanzania)
I suppose that's why I came all the way up here from Mississippi.
There is a slide now.
It's too bad we can't demonstrate this on TV.
19. Nor should the post-2015 development agenda treat migration solely as a global phenomenon and an enabler of development, without considering the development situation of the more than 215 million migrants, many of whom live and work in precarious and inequitable conditions.
It will do me good, and my old bones won't suffer, for   traveling nowadays is almost as easy as sitting in a chair.
The creation of new innovative financial mechanisms facilitates investments in sustainable energy infrastructure and provides countries an opportunity to leapfrog to pursuing their way to low carbon economy.
Then the Hungarian prime minister resigned. The government of Slovakia lost its majority and is unstable.
Finally whether you are citizens of America, or citizens of the world, ask of us here, the same high standards of strength and sacrifice which we ask of you.
330. The monitoring and evaluation of programmes and projects supported by UNDP are essential management functions that are interactive and mutually supportive. They help UNDP to ensure accountability in the use of resources entrusted to it, provide a clear basis for decision-making and offer practical lessons from experience to guide future development interventions.
In order to estimate resource requirements, a specific draft proposal would need to be submitted to the Assembly or the Council to enable the Secretariat to prepare a statement on programme budget implications.
In Burkina Faso, for example, assessments of the national public financial management system conducted by the World Bank based Public Expenditure and Financial Accountability Program in 2010 and related HACT macro-assessment point to a system that is globally satisfactory, with no major fiduciary risks regarding transfer of resources to partners.
19 February-15 March
114. The working group held nine informal meetings to consider the proposals for discussion made by governmental delegations.
Of importance, the increasing number of Afghan trainers is slowly but steadily improving the Afghan National Army capacity to train independently in the medium term.
Down! l said stay down there!
And when he got to the well and stooped over the water to drink, the heavy stones made him fall in, and he had to drown miserably.
Paraguay
Stigma and discrimination are major obstacles in an effective response to AIDS.
The Security Council, by its resolution 1528 (2004) of 27 February 2004, established the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for an initial period of 12 months as from 4 April 2004.
Church of Saint Michael, Osijek
Ageing of previous recommendations
 The Government of Belgium has also provided a Merlin aircraft as a voluntary contribution.
Astronomy-stub
Tilling soil to loose consistency gives turtles plenty of places to burrow for security.
Facilitating factors
9. Minimizing civilian casualties remains a top priority for ISAF.
You don't know what you've gotten yourself into, Teddy. But if you dot want to find out, you're gonna tell us where that bird book is.
Séranon
Momoyamadai Station
And, indeed, less educated and poorer groups tend to show the most opposition to migration.
The journey is so smooth that there is nothing to prevent you from reading or sleeping.
The paucity of proposed security funds for peacekeeping operations was consequently surprising, as was the absence of any reference to security appropriations in the individual peacekeeping budgets.
UNV assisted programme countries in building capacity to establish volunteer infrastructure.
Improved ways of targeting women clients in the West Bank and Jordan need to be identified. Section 26
Well, he replied, what if I do this?
Consequently, the Committee did not find a violation of article 14, paragraph 5.
Since the last review, Vanuatu has been working towards the implementation of these recommendations and its commitments through all stakeholders including government agencies, institutions and civil society organizations.
 The enclosed report describes UNC missions, outlines the Korean Armistice mechanism, and updates the last report submitted to the United Nations Security Council on 15 June 1992.
At the dawn of the new century it is very timely for the General Assembly to examine ways and means of further developing the already advanced cooperation between the United Nations and the Council of Europe.
Prospecting shall not be undertaken if substantial evidence indicates the risk of serious harm to the marine environment.
The Hubble Space Telescope  paved the way for new advances in astronomy.
The Government is considering how best to take forward the remaining proposals. Small House Policy
18h plenary meeting Continuation of the general debate [item 8]
Has he taken (Has he taken) (Any time to show) To show you what you need to live?
Five of the 16 LDCs have already achieved the benchmark of 101.5 km per million people.
We would expect chapters on such matters to be included in subsequent reports of both Tribunals.
In effect, she is saying that she is so confident of finding a new job that she refuses the tiniest imposition on her.
A joint United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime/World Customs Organization training project on cross-border movements of bulk cash/cash couriers is complementing this activity.
(vi) Ensure accountability and end impunity.
Our university is top of the class in China.
4.Let's face it.
The Ministerial Conference of the least developed countries was held in Cotonou, Benin, from 5 to 8 June 2006 to undertake the Midterm Comprehensive Global Review of the Implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action during the period 2001 to 2005.
My delegation also thanks the President of the International Criminal Court, Judge Philippe Kirsch, for introducing the fourth report of the ICC with his thought-provoking address.
They carried out 20 missions and overflew the Irbil, Dohuk, Mosul, Tall Afar, Zakho and Amadiyah areas.
specifications of acceptable analytical and sampling methods for POPs
In health care, service providers, unaided by consumers with sufficient skin in the game, make the purchasing decisions.
8. Furthermore, noting that the current global poverty measures used for international poverty comparison are based on both national data and purchasing power parities (PPPs), the United Nations Statistics Division has limited mandate and resources to address the issue of PPPs.
:: The 2001 United Nations Programme of Action on Small Arms and Light Weapons, including specifically section II, paragraph 2.
As the CSTD secretariat, UNCTAD continues to monitor WSIS implementation and follow-up at the international and regional levels and prepares the corresponding annual report of the Secretary-General.
Planned outputs
He is a pathological liar ; nothing of what he brags about is true.
The initiative presents an opportunity to combine physical investments in infrastructure with targeted capacity-building, at the same time as protecting the lLake's environment, which provides both food security and livelihoods.
What is not clear is whether people from one part of the Balkans are still interested in the others.
The Committee notes that, according to the complainant, going back to the national courts to submit the new evidence would not lead to a stay of removal unless the authority decides otherwise.
Casualties and damages
15:36 And one ran and filled a spunge full of vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him to drink, saying, Let alone; let us see whether Elias will come to take him down.
4393 Dawe
With constant developing of high speed space interface technology, the security of mobile communication becomes more important.
Mr. Chairman,Since the beginning of this year, there have appeared certain positive signs in international development cooperation.
deplored the gap between rich and poor countries; the proverbial poor artist living in a garret.
The meat is nearly done.Don't turn the radio off.
49. Mr. Anshor (Indonesia) said that his country consistently supported the reform of the United Nations human-rights system, efforts to enhance the credibility of its machinery in addressing human-rights situations, and the international endeavour to improve the human-rights situation worldwide.
Tamara Hardegger*
He doesn't seem to be aware of the coldness of their attitude towards his appeal.
Production companies and aviation hydraulic products.
The Permanent Mission of Algeria would be grateful if the aide-memoire could be issued as an official document of the sixty-eighth session of the General Assembly under item 115 (c) of the preliminary list. Aide-memoire
Deduct: Disposals during 2000 0.9
Conclusion. All 3fixation methods resulted acutely in motion similar to that of the intact pelvis.
Tamagawagakuen-mae Station
What parts of Maori life are mentioned in the text?
So, I thought if my hubby can lose his weight then it is the beginning of my career.
Panel discussion on human rights mainstreaming and international cooperation
UNODC involved a range of institutional partners in organizing and conducting the seminars.
as at 3 March 2009
For those who are serious about wanting to achieve nuclear disarmament, banning the production of weapon-usable fissile material is, like the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty, an essential, not optional, step.
36. One of the wildest and most inaccessible parts of the United States is the Everglades where wildlife is abundant and largely protected.Everglades 37
I'm telling you, Her brain scan would have revealed Any kind of physical trauma, As well as any foreign organism.
Development of an ICT performance management framework that will provide transparent and timely access to information on ICT performance in relation to United Nations strategic and operational objectives and to industry norms.
It was noted, however, that the provision raised a number of issues still to be addressed by the Commission and that it required further clarification.
“When applied to clandestinely manufactured ATS, the international drug control system reveals several shortcomings, inter alia: the complicated procedure for scheduling psychotropic substances, the relative novelty of the precursor control regime and the different procedures for changing the scope of control in the international drug control conventions.
Once their work was done, the Ancestor Spirits changed again;
We have a great capacity to do so, and it will be Ukraine's contribution to improving the quality of food in the world.
The mother birds are feeding their babies with pleasure which assumes a scene of peace and harmony.
The report will, if necessary, contain recommendations aimed at facilitating the implementation of the Convention by the State concerned.
Spike Chunsoft video games
101. As per note 2 (m) to the financial statements, equipment with an original purchase price of less than $1,500 at the time of purchase and a serviceable life of less than five years is considered expendable property.
Hehe! I learned from you! Elder brother researchs Anti-war Da Dao very well!
No one listed has been identified as a national or resident of Sierra Leone, and no information is available on persons, entities or organizations to be added to the List.
After World War I, however, because of economic depression for a long time and financial difficulty, the development of British navy felled into dire straits.
ACT II Cinnamon! I love parades.
But that really defeats the purpose of the senior review, which at the time was predicated on a certain level of funding.
Draft resolution III. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations
They obviously have found a wavelength with hypnotic effects so that they could give me posthypnotic orders. I wasn't able not to obey.
By the same token, such definitions should not compromise the rights envisioned in the Charter and in the provisions of international humanitarian law, such as the right to self-determination.
(PDF:1,093KB) - Application by partnership or by other body unincorporate for registration of business carried on by such body in Hong Kong
Since when do we have to have a faith in order to bury our brother?
Educational accountability is regards as a means of improving educational performance and fulfilling educational objection.
At the present session, the Sub-Commission will have before it a note by the secretariat (E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/16).
The organizations continue to work collaboratively through the Task Force on Accounting Standards towards their IPSAS implementation or post-implementation goals.
Precautions must be taken on this night of enchantment
(c) Explore the possibility of convening a seminar in relation to potential communications under articles of the Convention in view of, inter alia, the Maastricht Guidelines on Violations of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,1 and to consider the modalities of such a seminar at a later stage.
(e) Extradition and rendition of terrorism suspects are other areas in which the rule of law must be fully respected.
To provide some countries with the capability to value assets being sold;
It was not enough for the General Assembly to call for accountability and responsibility within the United Nations system.
In the absence of a satisfactory explanation from the State party on these points, the Committee finds a violation of article 9 with regard to Yahia Kroumi.
Today, the nations of the world must acknowledge that we have a world that is less safe, with greater dangers because of terrorism.
Neptune
The Netherlands considers that article 4 needs to be moved to a different place in the text.
Canoeing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres
In that context, the importance of establishing a suitable macroeconomic policy environment and infrastructure to support private sector growth was highlighted.
Val grinned , to hide the sudden feeling that the bottom had fallen out of breeding .
Victims and Witnesses Unit
or
43. The right to adequate food
" While wealth was not at the top of people's list of priorities, 43 percent still said it was somewhat important
18 November 1974
They are easily indoctrinated, manipulated and influenced by heroic notions of masculinity and power.
He intended to marry her, she pleaded nervously.
10. Urges States parties whose arrears predate the provision made by the Secretary-General for funding the Committee against Torture from the regular budget to fulfil their obligations forthwith;
The Security Council heard briefings under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure by Bernard Kouchner, Special Representative of the Secretary-General and head of UNMIK, and General Klaus Reinhardt, head of the international security presence in Kosovo. The members of the Council made comments and posed questions in connection with the briefings.
(ii) Percentage of States providing additional information on procurement from national production and military holdings, pending the development of the Register by Member States
Medical services
European Union leaders are preparing to meet for a closely-watched Brussels summit on the fate of the euro.
26. Mr. Saeed (Sudan) said that the Sudan had been among the first countries to ratify the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
46. In order to enhance female registration, NADRA has taken following additional steps:
Come on   we have to discuss this.
Article 6
The Committee will have before it:
The European practice - Governments and unions address major issues through negotiations - has been very slow in its domestic application.
Cape Vera, Canada
For further information, please contact Mr. Frederik Pischke (e-mail pischke@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-1920).
The Committee notes with concern that legislation of the State party (article 7 of the Constitution and articles 564 and 565 the Civil Code) is not in conformity with article 12 of the Convention, as it establishes substitute decision-making instead of supported decision-making and permits the suspension of civil rights of persons with disabilities in cases of judicial interdiction.
"The analysis is robust," said Chigwedere
83. In the coming year, the Office of Human Resources Management will work with its partners across the Secretariat to implement the three key elements of the strategy and deliver on its three corporate priorities for the period 2014-2016.
Staff members are required to uphold the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity in the discharge of their functions, and their performance will be appraised periodically to ensure that the required standards of performance are met;
However, the late nineteenth-early twentieth centuries the first time a reversal, the Japanese began to export to China.
(b) International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, in 2012;
"Particularly older [alumni].
This Alliance has also been a uniquely important factor in the significant progress we have made towards consolidating peace, based on democratic processes and unswerving respect for human rights, as well as in efforts to achieve the safety and security of our citizens and regional integration.
88.15. Intensify efforts to implement the recommendations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the persistence in rural areas of traditional practices harmful to children (Portugal);
Virginia Gardens, Florida
If necessary, further reminders could be sent out after the deadline of 15 April.
China
But the present treatment by her husband and brother was everything save chivalrous
Under Iran's Islamic sharia law, espionage is punishable by death.
(f) Facilitate the reintegration of children in their families and communities and follow-up by social services.
At the corporate level, the frequency of interaction between UNCDF, regional bureaux and the relevant practices in the Bureau for Development Policy has increased, demonstrated by participation in technical reviews, project appraisal committees, evaluations and recruitment panels.
6. Invites the donor community to increase its support to the Convention with a view to bringing greater international attention to bear on the issue of land degradation and desertification, which will contribute to the improvement of the sustainable development of drylands and the global environment;
 Abstaining: Chile, Republic of Korea.
Even at the time, I remember wondering what large animal could have survived to furnish the red joint I saw.
 Contribution to the activities of the Administrative Committee on Coordination Subcommittee on Demographic Estimates and Projections (eighteenth session).
The objective is to have a flexible and efficient tool with which to identify strategic initiatives, programmes and activities at the local, national, regional and global levels and underline the particular value and impact of intercultural and interreligious dialogue as a means of nourishing harmonious sustainability of the world's rich diversity.
6. Where appropriate, allegations against States, individuals and enterprises were put to those concerned in order to allow them the right of reply.
15. Resource assessment by areal value estimation involves the extrapolation of a representative estimated mean unit value of the resources in a known area to the region under study.
As a result, there are now 28 indigenous electoral districts where indigenous people account for 40 per cent or more of the population.
5. Expresses its appreciation to those specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system that have continued to cooperate with the United Nations and the regional and subregional organizations in the implementation of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations, and requests all the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to implement the relevant provisions of those resolutions;
The plenary sessions provided an overview of the various topics to be discussed and an opportunity for the three communities (crowdsource mapping, disaster management and space technology) to learn about their respective innovative fields of expertise.
Railroad industry is considered as typical natural monopoly trade.
The international community must not fall prey to tactics of cheap bargaining.
The representative of Cuba reiterated his full support for the legitimate rights of Argentina in the sovereignty dispute over the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects
The levels of economic recovery were also affected by the war between the country's three majority parties.
281. In child health clinics in Minsk five youth-friendly centres were opened, offering psychological and medical counselling by reproductive health specialists that included modern contraceptive techniques.
Norway's 21st/22nd periodic report was submitted in September 2013.
In that regard, Council once again, requests that concrete steps be taken to investigate the abuses committed in Darfur and bring their perpetrators to justice;
If a fundamental accounting assumption is not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;
Sales and capital spending by Japanese companies have grown at their fastest pace since the bubble era, providing much-needed support for the Bank of Japan’s controversial decision in July to raise interest rates from zero.
Nevertheless, the recommendations made by the Committee at its fifty-sixth session, together with the tentative agreements reached at its fifty-seventh session, could be helpful to the General Assembly when it came to decide on an approach for the next scale.
2.3.2 Acceptance of late formulation of a reservation
And it's not just about flying or instantly transporting from one place to another.
I'm very pleased that in addition to Ray, Craig, David and Rick, Steve has asked J Allard, Bob Muglia, and Steven Sinofsky to play an expanded role in shaping the company's business and technology strategy.
The Perishables Group a consulting company in the fresh food indisdryindustry.
66. Should the Council, however, decide that the two Missions should rely only on the arrangements provided in resolution 1609 (2005) to reinforce each other as appropriate, it would be necessary to ensure that UNMIL retains the capacity to both reinforce UNOCI effectively and in a timely manner and to backstop the guard force assigned to protect the Special Court for Sierra Leone.
2. Requests the Secretary-General to take all appropriate steps, in consultation with the United Nations Conciliation Commission for Palestine, for the protection of Arab property, assets and property rights in Israel;
There is little statistical data available on sex role stereotyping in Namibia; research is needed to provide more information on the changing roles of women in all aspects of economic and social life.
Hearings and discussion papers prepared in the process of developing guidelines often explicitly refer to specific economic models.
At first,the parents of the bride opposed to the marriage,but they gave in finally
Assist the officers of the plenary [and any subsidiary bodies established by the plenary] to undertake their respective functions as decided by the plenary, including facilitating communication between the various stakeholders of the platform;
' On Thursday, China's commerce minister thanked foreign companies for their support following the quake.
Norway
Recognizing that microcredit and microfinance programmes can generate productive self-employment and assist people in eradicating poverty and reducing their social and economic vulnerability,
The Working Group adopted paragraph (2) in substance, without any modification.
m Switzerland participates in a consultative capacity in the work of the Commission by virtue of Council resolution 860 (XXXII) of 21 December 1961.
Foundation ECPAT International
 5. The General Committee took note of the General Assembly decisions relevant to its work which were brought to the Committee's attention by the Secretary-General in paragraph 6 of his memorandum (A/BUR/48/1).
One representative commended UN-Habitat on having established an office in her country.
CouId you come back in a IittIe whiIe?
Substantive session of 2008
It reintroduces fundamental divisions in societies whose greatest democratic achievement was precisely to banish fundamentalism from politics.
1. The budget for the maintenance of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008, set out in the report of the Secretary-General dated 6 March 2007 (A/61/776), amounted to $213,157,200 gross ($195,930,000 net). It provided for 38 military liaison officers, 2,078 police personnel (including 513 special police personnel), 608 international and 2,038 national staff (including 28 National Officers), as well as 162 United Nations Volunteers.
Guinea-Bissau is a party to the 1951 Geneva Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, the 1967 Protocol thereto and the 1969 Organization of African Unity Convention Governing the Specific Aspects of Refugee Problems in Africa.
134. In 2001, a 25 per cent reduction was offered as an incentive to hire any woman between the ages of 16 and 45 on a permanent contract; hiring long-term unemployed women within two years of childbirth cuts contributions by 100 per cent in the first 12 months of the contract.
Victims of Digital Broadcasting
Mars and Earth have been almost this close many times in recent history.Some examples: Aug. 23, 1924; Aug. 18, 1845; Aug. 13, 1766.
-a a Expenditures to follow submission, consolidation and verification of eligible claims by Member State focal point and subsequent review and certification for payment at United Nations rates by the Secretariat.
:: Simplify procedures for funding applications without compromising technical quality.
I do not see any merit in Belgrade's isolationist policy from the point of view of Kosovo Serbs.
Money is a bit tight at the moment.
Gabriel van Laetham 1974-1978
The General Committee decided to recommend the allocation of items proposed in document A/BUR/57/1, taking into account the decision taken regarding item 52 and excluding item 43 and item 55.
Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism
Peacekeeping
Ibicuitinga
if what you say is true, we'll make other arrangements.
P-2/L-2
Regulation 1.1
An integrated territorial perspective must involve long-term strategies matched with adequate resources.
It is now expected that the issue will be addressed after the elections.
[23 September 2003]
Benicull de Xúquer
How can differences between economies be taken into account in the identification of best practices? Endnotes
It has published several research reports and tools for practitioners including the Asset Recovery Handbook: A Guide for Practitioners.
Greater macroeconomic policy space to design and implement policies consonant with national socio-economic and development priorities was needed.
Volunteer Canada is the national voice of volunteerism in Canada.
This approach embodies the understanding that environmental problems must be addressed in their social and economic context.
Meanwhile, the improved level of foreign reserves allowed the Central Bank of Egypt and the Central Bank of Jordan to cut their respective policy interest rates.
Health facilities, goods and services should be known and easily accessible (economically, physically and socially) to all adolescents, without discrimination.
In order to achieve the goal of the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the important region of the Middle East and the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East that were supported in the Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the conclusions and recommendations for follow-on actions adopted at the 2010 Review Conference, the Islamic Republic of Iran reports the following.
Mr. Wibisono (Indonesia): I should like first of all to extend to you, Madam, my delegation's congratulations on your assumption of the presidency of the Council for the month of February.
Box 3. Helping SMEs to Network: Chile’s PROFO
By comparing the agency cost of the different financing modes, the authors believe that the characteristics of innovation will affect the choice of incentive mechanism.
1. Assistance in mine action: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/260 and A/58/260/Add.1) [22]
The troops of the line were posted on the watch behind that barricade. It was evident, that to pass the barricade was to go in quest of the fire of the platoon, and that any head which should run the risk of lifting itself above the top of that wall of stones would serve as a target for sixty shots.
The Palestinian Authority must use all available means to prevent and curb terrorist actions. With a view to the creation of an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State, based on the 1967 borders, it must pursue its reforms, particularly in the institutional context.
Social Entrepreneurship: CUHK's MBA Students Help Recovered Drug Addicts Start Business
In three of the nine subregions (Sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and Eastern and South-Eastern Europe), the number of States reporting the availability of treatment programmes was persistently low, with little improvement reported over the period.
The recent Expert Meeting on the impact of changing supply-and-demand market structures on commodity prices and exports of major interest to developing countries had shown that the problématique was extremely complex and that there was no scope for simple remedies.
Cameroon:
19. The additional requirements resulted mainly from the procurement of three aviation firefighting trucks to comply with requirements of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) in order for MINUSTAH airfields to remain operational and from the settlement of outstanding invoices from the previous financial period for the purchase of six recovery trucks.
The Customs Department searched its database for illicit transfers of cash over the State border pertaining to physical and legal persons as referred to in the list created pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1333 (2000).
On 27 May, the Council held informal consultations on Burundi.
The invasion must be restricted in reasonable degree by restraining the judicial power from illegal enlargement.
31. The Bolivian Chamber of Deputies had given preliminary approval to the Rome Statute; the Senate must consider its adoption and subsequent ratification.
29. The Committee is concerned at the information provided by the State party according to which procedural law and access to justice may be regulated in each of its jurisdictions separately.
Political leaders of the region, conscious of the critical role of health in the economic development of their people, had committed themselves to pursuing initiatives to improve the health of their population.
You're not an animal rights nut-job?
By developing other sectors, including manufactures and services, diversification could also help to cushion internal and external shocks.
Baseline: 1,100
Africa Region
d. Northern Mediterranean (see annex, tables 21 and 22)
A day after her neighbors left, Saenz-Lopez called to tell them Puddles had died.Three months later, a relative of the neighbors saw the pet at a dog groomer.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $25,868,900
Additional requirements were partially offset by lower actual consumption of fuel -- of 4.8 million litres compared with 5.1 million litres budgeted -- owing to fewer vehicle movements following the earthquake;
For example, in 2012, Canada exported around 92,000t of waste consisting of, containing or contaminated with PCP (e.g. wood wastes, contaminated soils).
Fund balance, 31 December 2008
The Foreign Minister agreed that the restoration of diplomatic relations with Chad would be central to resolving the Darfur crisis, and informed the mission that he would soon be travelling to Paris to discuss this issue with the French Foreign Minister.
Section 27
The Committee requested the Secretariat to further refine the cost considerations of remote interpretation, taking into account not only technological possibilities but also the cost benefits of remote interpretation, including the relative cost advantages of the different conference centres that were likely providers of remote interpretation services, and to report thereon.
Member States should agree to take a decision on this important issue before the summit in September 2005.
Those are qualities that business schools do not teach.
My kid sister has a splendid memory.
The Board noted, that during 2011, UNHCR made good progress, with only 2 reconciliations outstanding as at 31 December 2011 compared to 10 (of which only 3 were active bank accounts) at the end of 2010.
Obviously you want answers.
Xi Ursae Majoris
 (4) Any sum received by the Government under subsection (2) shall be paid into the general revenue.
We must never lose sight of that objective.
(v) “Qualifying service” shall mean one year or more of continuing service and residence away from the home country and the country of nationality of the individual project personnel, or country where the individual project personnel has acquired permanent resident status.
(a) Factual findings
Housing SecurityThe Chinese government actively promotes the development of an urban housing security system which includes mainly the system of publicly accumulated housing funds, the system of generally affordable and functional housing, and the low-rent housing system for the purpose of unremittingly improving urban residents鈥?housing conditions.
Across his lap lay the short stock with the long lash which we had noticed during the day.
United Nations Integrated Office in Burundi
Statement I - Global Environment Facility
It was explained that the OECD project will result in a list of tax havens and will identify preferential tax regimes in member countries.
a period of darkness caused by a failure of the electric power supply.a loss of consciousness for a short timeShe had a blackout after the accident and couldn't remember what had happened.To cast suddenly, violently, or deeply into a given state or situation.
(d) Recalls the decision of the Standing Committee that non-governmental organizations registered at the forty-eighth plenary meeting of the Executive Committee are invited to attend Standing Committee meetings in 1997-1998 as observers, upon written request from the individual non-governmental organizations concerned, and requests the Standing Committee, at its first meeting in 1999, to review these arrangements.
4. Calls upon the Secretary-General, in his capacity as depositary of the Convention and the Protocols annexed thereto, to continue to inform it periodically of accessions to the Convention and the Protocols;
The witch tried to change iron into gold.
Chile
Tom was disappointed that most of the guests had left when he arrived at the party.
On 11 October 2003, he was charged with "conspiracy to subvert the national Government and the socialist order", under article 105 of the Criminal Law of China of 1997.
Just a "resume form" to be completed with as much information as they can get from you
18. Tactical directives and standard operating procedures implemented in 2010 by international military forces regulating night searches and rules of engagement on escalation of force, together with the July 2009 and August 2010 tactical directives restricting air strikes, appear to have contributed to a significant reduction in civilian casualties by PGFs.
The Panel's recommendation in respect of claim No. 5000467 is summarized in table 22.
Our intelligence capabilities must continuously evolve to identify andcharacterize conventional and asymmetric threats and provide timely insight.
H.E. Mr. Andrzej Towpik
It can add a vignette effect, or put the photo behind a number of shaped masks.
Agenda item 36
With effect from 1 January 2012 the Fund will prepare its financial reporting in accordance with the International Public Sector Accounting Standards (IPSAS).
The Alliance recognizes that globalization has changed the nature and pattern of industrialization, and that competition and strategic alliances are becoming an important component of business strategy.
Non-United Nations passengers
I know stuff like that doesn't come between us anymore.
(c) Evidence from past elections in Belarus shows a pattern of increased human rights violations during the periods prior to and following elections and on election day itself;
Calculation of Depletion Layer Capacitance of MCT Loophole PN Junction under Reverse Bias
The results were distributed to the municipalities where the investigations were carried out and thus, with the support of institutions of Government, cooperation agencies and civil society, the National Plan against Commercial Sexual Violence is currently being drafted and the communications strategy for coverage and provision of information about sexual violence in the media is being drawn up.
Conduct of an HIV/AIDS sensitization programme, including peer education, for all mission personnel
Recognizing the commitment of both sides to the implementation of the inter-Korean agreements and the continued interest of Member States in furthering the peace process, I hope that the General Assembly will reaffirm its support for the smooth implementation of the Joint Declaration and other agreements between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the Republic of Korea.
Saint-Clair-sur-l'Elle
The Netherlands hosts the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Pump data from any JDBC enabled database to another. Free to change database structure.
Presentation of the final draft of the second national report to the National Human Rights Committee in order to solicit its views.
A. ERM: Background, definition and benefits
1. Judgement of 19 January 1994, whereby the Supreme Court of Justice declares that article 27 of the Commercial Code is unconstitutional. (Reporting judge: Ms. Aura Guerra de Villalaz)
During the first few weeks or so, send around an email asking if anyone is interested in familiarizing you with the surrounding coffee shops, decent lunch places, or fun happy hour bars.
:: Coordination among the regional economic communities and other institutions
(x) formulating the company's basic management scheme.
For they were arrogant against one another and refused to worship the gods or offer them sacrifice.
b. Designed to achieve and maintain a controlled thermal environment of 600oC or greater; and
The hunger strike ended by 31 October, but nine detainees resumed it a few days later.
A disc problem in the back, more heart trouble, a lens implant for catarcts.
Basilica of Corpus Domini
Calls for the United Nations to support the process represent a sea change in perceptions about the role of the Organization.
The pool is in the shape of a lotus flower.
General Assembly
The geographical names as the administrative divisions at or above the county level and the foreign geographical names well-known to the public shall not be used as trademarks, but such geographical names as have otherwise meanings shall be exclusive.
Draft resolution A/C.1/54/L.27 was adopted without a vote.
By the end of 2013, Fund allocations since its inception in 2006 exceeded $3.25 billion to 88 countries and a territory.
Comprehensive training in these areas is provided to members of An Garda Síochána.
Hey, KC. KC, can I borrow your handout? Can he have it?
Since the Peacebuilding Commission consisted of various configurations, it was logical to interpret an invitation to all meetings as implying all meetings of the Organizational Committee in addition to country-specific meetings.
The Committee further expresses its concern that there are insufficient active linkages between the Institute and women's organizations representing civil society.
Second, was what we called"the compensatory argument".
Canada has formally welcomed the Strategic Offensive Reductions Treaty, or "Treaty of Moscow", signed by the Russian Federation and the United States in May 2002, and looks forward to the Treaty's ratification by the Russian Federation and entry into force.
Item 6(b): Status of ratification of the Convention, the Protocol and its amendments
This Group has its own rule which requires that a particular candidate be presented to it three months prior to the election to the post.
The list of similar articles and explosives shall be determined by the Technical Committee, which may also modify it.
A question was raised with respect to "undervalued" transactions and what would constitute a sufficient undervalue, and how that value would be determined, for the purposes of avoidance.
8. In relation to the preparation for the High-level Plenary Meeting/World Conference, the Permanent Forum welcomes the study entitled "Rights of indigenous peoples: achievements and challenges in the Latin American countries", prepared by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean in collaboration with indigenous peoples and encourages States, agencies and regional commissions to undertake similar studies.
Thematic mandates can broadly reflect the equal importance of civil and political, and economic, social and cultural rights and attempt to ensure that there is balanced geographic coverage.
Tushin had not returned, the doctor had not come.
38. We note with concern that a major limitation in the implementation of Agenda 21 has been the lack of the necessary means of implementation, particularly as regards the financial commitments made in Rio.
2. Reaffirms resolution 2000/17 of 17 August 2000 of the SubCommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights on international law and the imposition of the death penalty on those aged under 18 at the time of the commission of the offence;
Sierra de Callosa
Specialized agencies
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (decisions XV/36 and XVI/26 and recommendation 33/4 (b));
The parasitic larva of certain freshwater mussels of the family unionidae having hooks for attaching to the gills or other external parts of a host fish.
The speed decreases when all the offices are using the system at the same time.
But on that day, on the line, the assembly team averaged one every 13 minutes and 10 seconds per person.Within a year, the time had been reduced to five minutes
Do you find playing golf interesting?
 In the absence of an overall political settlement acceptable to all parties, the Force's presence remained invaluable.
8. Authorizes the Secretary-General to retain an amount of 19,616,000 dollars from the balance of appropriations of 40,940,700 dollars to meet the cost of outstanding Government claims;
50. In the field of confidence-building the Council may find value in collaboration with non-governmental organizations and other civil society actors, which offer expertise and added value in these fields.
13. In 2011, Syria's population totalled 24.504 million (49 per cent female) according to statistics of the Civil Register, or 21.124 million (48.9 per cent female) according to the Central Bureau of Statistics.
The extent to which each of the international human rights instruments to which the State is party have been translated, published and disseminated within the country;
 The cold war having been won at the expense of Afghan lives, the free world then abandoned Afghanistan with its problems to a fate it does not deserve.
 The recent violent clashes in the Gissar Valley between Uzbeks and Tajiks, together with large-scale confrontation between Uzbek and Tajik forces in Afghanistan, could spill over to other Central Asian States, with unpredictable consequences for the whole region.
12 October 1995a
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
7. Section II of the present report provides an overview of the status of implementation of the Millennium Development Goals in Georgia, along with the relevant policies put in place as of April 2013.
Convinced that the important action that is being taken by women and by all interested groups needs to be supported and encouraged by Governments,
Addressing inequality
In addition, the biennium will see more collaborative efforts with relevant United Nations entities in promoting mutually supportive environment and trade, finance and economic development policies, as well as the fostering of partnerships and the initiation of joint undertakings with the industry and financial sector in advancing cleaner production practices and sustainable consumption of natural resources.
The transfer of tasks will occur gradually so as to ensure the full support and buy-in of all stakeholders involved.
It is hardly too much to say that timely participation in social practice will benefit college students all through their life.
He wished to encourage those States to advise on the matter at the next meeting of experts.
CONTENTS
Progress and development of democracy
It is the teachers who have delivered.They are the ones who have demonstrated the resilience, the adaptability, flexibility and the commitment to ensure that the system works.
Effects of atomic radiation (interactive dialogue with the Secretariat on its work followed by a general debate)
So the state probably would default on its bank debt (“restructure” the debt is the current euphemism), and this might bring down the banks that had made the loans that were now in default.
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
According to data collected by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, inter-communal violence poses the greatest threat to civilians in South Sudan, particularly when linked with cattle raiding, which accounts for 73 per cent of all conflict-related deaths since independence.
An Important Representative of LU Xun Studies --Centenary of the Birth of Sir LI He-lin
In view of that, we again call on all States that have not yet done so to join the ICC system so that it can enjoy full universal scope.
In order to avoid counterproductive or negative consequences occurring as a result of sanctions, they should be resorted to only after all means of peaceful settlement of disputes had been exhausted and in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and international law.
West Kowloon becomes new commercial centre as the Kowloon Station development takes shape.
(g) As can be seen from this, there were two distinct cases concerning different acts, charges, and victims;
They proposed that the modalities, scope, mechanisms and channels of the support process need to be defined.
Such constraints have a tangible impact on people's lives, as well as social and economic development in the broader context.
In an effort to help end the AIDS pandemic, UNAIDS, and more particularly the WHO, in close collaboration with IAVI, should redouble their efforts to ensure the successful development of a safe and effective vaccine against HIV/AIDS by continuing to bring together all the relevant partners and mobilizing adequate financial resources for vaccine research.
Approaches and objectives for the day of general discussion
BULGARIA [Original: Bulgarian]
Registering the people from this community who are interested in participating in the programs of action employment policy;
The Security Council will hold an open debate on Tuesday, 9 December 2008, in the Security Council Chamber, in connection with the agenda item "Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts".
At the same time, each staff member will have a `substantive home', enjoying mutual support and reinforcement from those with similar skill sets.
The changes were expected to result in a more responsive and efficient system of reconciliation and discipline.
The risks posed to economic growth and poverty reduction of the poorest and most vulnerable countries, as a result of the global crisis, remain.
In most organizations, the number and level of staff posts for each department/office are approved in the programme-budget by the governing body with little flexibility for adjustment during the budget year/biennium.
65/545. Oceans and the law of the sea
Informal consultations on:
Wednesday, Chinese authorities deported four foreign pro-Tibetan activists for demonstrating in Beijing.
Baccalauréat (secondary school leaving certificate - option A4) at the Lycée d'Enseignement Général, Sokodé
People with a vine, climbing up from a little bit, do not know how difficult it is to live.
For further information, please contact Mr. Oleg Dzioubinski, NGO Section, Department of Public Information (tel. 1 (212) 963-1859).
Recalling that the Charter of the United Nations envisages the establishment and maintenance of international peace and security with the least diversion for armaments of the world's human and economic resources,
Despite everything, our countries, including my own, with their very meagre resources but a good deal of imagination and diversified international assistance, have achieved honourable results.
) Sayler hopes to develop gels in which the microbes can be kept functional for several months.
The control strategies are given below:
Kenya has put forward the following proposal, which I would like to share with the General Assembly.
Participation for four months (from August to November) in the work of analysing information and conducting investigations in the field, particularly in Rwanda and certain neighbouring countries.
Trends in cocaine abuse in Oceania, 1998-2002
When I woke up, I found I couldn't move my legs.
Recorded information about previously unscheduled meetings and consultations of the whole of the Security Council may be obtained by calling 1 (212) 963-8530, or by clicking on "Daily Programme" on the Web site of the Security Council <www.un.org/Docs/sc>.
3. While remaining deeply concerned by the toll of human life taken by conventional weapons in armed conflicts, the Committee has noted that, during successive sessions of the General Assembly, representatives from all geographical regions have expressed their growing concern at the development and proliferation of increasingly awesome weapons of mass destruction, which not only threaten human life but also absorb resources that could otherwise be used for vital economic and social purposes, particularly for the benefit of developing countries, and thereby for promoting and securing the enjoyment of human rights for all.
Thomas Sørensen
Measures could include a global financing mechanism for green energy, available only to member countries.
Security Council, Committee on Council Meetings away from Headquarters [decision taken by the Security Council at its 1625th meeting]
Spoken!
(Reporter): Secretary Powell leaves Madrid with strong support from the world community and a stinging message from U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan.
There are some class immutable is impossible, then try to limit the mutability of them.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 9 Dec 1948
78. Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects (resolution 57/98 of 22 November 2002).
In my all memory, what I can not forget is midsummer night.
For us, this is a special and memorable day.
Report by the Director-General (PBC.21/5-IDB.30/5)
Nevertheless, the International Conference on Population and Development clearly triggered new efforts aimed at meeting the needs and problems of adolescents in the field of sexual and reproductive health.
 15. The African National Congress was represented by an observer.
The tool focuses to a great extent on programmes that are scaling up, such as access to antiretroviral therapy, but is useful for a range of different programmes, including those on child survival, safe motherhood, malaria and tuberculosis.
 There is a lack of health surveys and epidemiological studies of the health impacts of hazardous waste mismanagement, as well as a lack of health impact assessments of existing hazardous waste treatment or disposal facilities.
25. Water and sanitation systems are highly inadequate and need urgent improvements.
Total
ILO also participated in a conference of workers' rights held at Cape Town on 18 and 19 June 1993.
A provision requiring the special characteristics of a particular organization to be taken into account in applying the draft articles should be included in addition to the lex specialis provision.
By analyzing model of communication market and channel of China Mobile in Jinzhou, the thesis conclude the following problems on statue quo as: weakness of control in distribution channel;
Convention on the Recognition of Divorces and Legal Separations, 1 Jun 1970
27. The National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs in the United States of America reported 27 bias-motivated murders of LGBT persons in 2010, up from 22 in 2009.
Russian Federation
So this group a very severe high risk for cardiovascular disease.
In order to avoid duplication and create synergy, all projects will be undertaken in partnership with the Government of Haiti and in close coordination with the programmes of the United Nations country team and other donors.
 In this context, the members of the Board stress that an early and successful conclusion of the Uruguay Round should be viewed as a prerequisite to a return to the path of growth, trade expansion and an improved world economic climate.
Abstaining:
18. Following the coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea in 2004 in which several South African mercenaries were involved, South Africa adopted new legislation in 2006 to address some of the gaps in the 1998 legislation.
7. There was agreement that political commitment and domestic support for drug control were essential to the success and sustainability of alternative development.
Large gains can be made by assigning secretarial duties to secretaries: they regularly catch the next post, they type a lot faster than you.
10-10.30 a.m.
But if Fix had been able to explain this purely physical effect, Passepartout would not have admitted, even if he had comprehended it
:: Regular engagement with the authorities of Myanmar, democracy and human rights groups, opposition political parties, civil society and all key stakeholders on the democratic transition
She was rocking, and beginning to see.
However, if you choose not to supply your personal data, we may not be able to supply the service or carry out the transaction that you have requested.
152. The Committee recommends that the State party:
ISR, a rival employee research and consulting firm, found an average 19?per cent rise in operating income over 12 months for companies with a 鈥渉ighly engaged鈥?workforce, compared with a fall of 33 per cent for companies with low engagement scores.
The features are invariant to image scaling, translation, and rotation, and partially invariant to illumination changes and affine.
" She asks "It's not nothing.
Monitoring of the implementation of the Secretary-General's decision on appeals and disciplinary cases
A final ruling is expected within weeks.
The bookcase to the left of the door is newly bought.
21. I can do it by myself, thank you
14 August 1998
In addition, Croatia puts a lot of effort into strengthening and enhancing national counter-proliferation capabilities.
This rock can be ground down for road - building material.
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
British levels are similar, though one PM2.5 monitor at Marylebone Road in London records an average of 32 micrograms.
Alfonso II
The enemy blockade has made it difficult for us to market goods outside our areas.
 On the other hand the prosecution of those primarily responsible raises a problem namely, that of the tribunals before which they should be brought, and in particular the international tribunal.
The Mission will install and commission additional wastewater treatment plants to upgrade the overall environmental standards of the Mission; increase the fuel efficiency of generators through the implementation of a service repair contract; construct runway boundary walls in Goma, Bukavu and Bunia for enhanced runway safety; improve the management of non-expendable assets; provide asset life-cycle management for 43,983 assets with an inventory valued at more than $314 million; and conduct contingent-owned equipment verification of major equipment and selfsustainment for 61 contingent units deployed in 180 locations.
We also look forward to the second meeting of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Informal Working Group on marine biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction in 2008.
2. With respect to the mandatory age of separation, the Commission recommended that the age should be raised to 65 for current staff, considering that many national Governments had amended their retirement schemes to facilitate longer working lives.
The Office of Human Resources Management oversees this by monitoring the progress that United Nations entities are making with regard to the Secretary-General's bulletin on sexual exploitation and abuse (ST/SGB/2003/13).
Rather than searching for the genuine link between the flag State and a fishing vessel flying its flag, the Commission examined ways to bypass the problems with the traditional definition of "flag of convenience".
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
'On board of the packet - ship just now referred to, sir, and on the same occasion.'
The model of ball-end cutter milling forces is studied.
Strategic deployment stocks support to start-up missions since the inception of the programme
Addendum
United Nations agencies and intergovernmental organizations (IGOs) presented relevant activities and recalled their traditional role in supporting policy formulation for sustainable development, technical assistance, capacity building, information and data exchange.
:: It is worth noting that, on 2 January 2004, the Israeli enemy breached the Blue Line in the vicinity of the middle post B24, close to the site of the incident, south of Marwahin.
grenoble and lyons are faithful cities , and will oppose to him an impassable barrier .
Taiwan–Japan Relations Association
Programme of work
The contract provided for a prepayment of 30 per cent of the purchase price and a penalty charge amounting to 0.15 per cent of the received amount per day of late delivery.
It is appropriate at this juncture to explore the dynamics underlying this unwelcome reality.
Council members said they looked forward to receiving the results of the comprehensive review of the structure of the Mission's administrative and other civilian components, as outlined in the Secretary-General's report (S/2005/254).
In order to obtain a high quality beam at the exit of a high energy electron linear accelerator (Linac) seriously controlling on the beam orbit in the linac is greatly important.
10 a.m.
It should be noted, moreover, that the Vienna Convention of 1978 contains no provisions on objections to reservations.
Mr. Vladimir KARTASHKIN *Mr. Oleg S. MALGUINOV
Further, the Republic of Korea has been a contracting party to all of the existing export control regimes since it joined the Missile Technology Control Regime in 2001 (Nuclear Suppliers Group, 1995; Australia Group, 1997; Wassenaar Arrangement, 1996).
317. At its 30th meeting, on 15 March 2011, the Human Rights Council held a general debate on agenda item 5, during which the following made statements:
The competent education departments and the competent departments for civil air defense at various levels shall arrange civil air defense education among students at school.
6614 Antisthenes
The Government has encouraged our industries, educational institutions and scientific research centres to develop renewable energy technologies that will help to improve efficiency and performance and are suited to local conditions.
It circled over the South before leaving over Naqurah.
D. Agenda and organization of work
Leave taken for this purpose and under the terms and conditions set forth in this rule shall hereinafter be referred to as home leave.
The serious violation of economic, social and cultural rights has been accompanied by the continued violation of civil rights and international humanitarian law.
70. The pProtection of coastal and marine ecosystems is critical to the global environment.
The issues of public awareness and public access to information were those most extensively covered by all Parties, because of the wide range of possible activities.
Programmes must be demand-driven; their local ownership and sustainability must be ensured; multidisciplinary solutions should be pursued, where applicable; and there must be a direct impact on employment, competitiveness and environmental sustainability.
She also declared that she had been suspected of supporting the PKK because of her work at the MCC in Istanbul, which also led to persecution.
Ah, said the jailer, do not always brood over what is impossible, or you will be mad in a fortnight
In addition, a mangrove reforestation programme, implemented by the Forestry Department in conjunction with a community-based organization, established a mangrove nursery in Ampara District.
 3. As indicated in paragraph 88 of the Secretary-General's report, for the initial requirements of UNOMUR, the Advisory Committee authorized the Secretary-General to enter into commitments not exceeding $6 million, under the provisions of General Assembly resolution 46/187 on unforeseen and extraordinary expenses.
IDB.22/Dec.8 DATE OF THE SIXTEENTH SESSION OF THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET COMMITTEE
The three part Studies of chemically modified electrodes in potentiometric stripping analysis.
115. Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit.
New Zealand
Dr. Kelly requested [16] the business office to pass the final bill to him. He looked at it and then wrote something on the side.
Time is running out for the organisation of fair, open and transparent elections in October 2005 under acceptable conditions - a factor which is considered as critical in overcoming the current crisis.
In that connection, despite many challenges, Madagascar will spare no effort to honour, within the means at its disposal, its share of the contributions to the Global Fund.
110. In addition to previously signed international instruments aimed at ensuring equal opportunities for men and women, the Act of the Republic of Belarus entitled "On ratification of the Optional Protocol to the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women" was adopted on 30 October 2003.
miss your last chance.
Age has silvered his hair.
I'm gonna blow you up.you mother fuckin' nice suit necktie piece of shit!
If you could lose almost any job at any time, isn't it better to be your own boss After all, not many folks would fire themselves.Jorn and Price Marketing5.
The Chinese Government makes the decision as to whether or not to expel a person in strict accordance with the provisions of domestic legislation, international treaties and agreements, and commonly accepted international practice, taking into consideration the facts, nature and circumstances of that person's actions.
64. The unified budget and work plan provides a platform for joint planning on HIV and AIDS at the global and regional level.
I would also like to pay tribute to Ambassador José Luís Cancela for his excellent work last year in his capacity as Chair of the Committee.
[Delegates are reminded that PaperSmart services are offered as an additional service for the sixty-ninth session of the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly.
Article 9 As regards an enterprise's expenditures for public welfare donations, the portion within 12% of the total annual profits is permitted to be deducted.
Ryusei
We fell in love sitting down, and when I stood up, it was too late.
30. In all of its work UNCDF strives to (i) increase access to financial services, including by leveraging its own investments and working with other partners; (ii) increase the sustainability of the financial service providers it supports; and (iii) strengthen the overall policy and institutional environment.
The delegation of the Committee recommended to the representatives that their initiatives be based on international law, as set out in the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice, the Fourth Geneva Convention and on the resolutions of the Security Council and General Assembly.
China has announced its first detailed plan to ease carbon dioxide emissions, joining the United States in a pledge to constrain those gases believed to be warming the Earth.
The two courses and literary courses should be brought to full play.
For its part, the Palestinian Authority has obligations under agreements reached with Israel, international humanitarian law and its commitments to the road map to protect Israeli civilians from attacks emanating from territories in its control.
To prepare required application and technical documentations and submit to relevant MA center.
has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction .
And let us complete an international agreement that has the potential to slow, stop, and eventually reverse the growth of greenhouse gases.
Author departments were reminded every year of their obligation to submit reports following the requisite format, although compliance was somewhat uneven.
54. The Expert Group on International Statistical Classifications continues to support the Statistics Division in the maintenance of the classifications website, and the discussion forum and in the compilation and dissemination of the Classifications Newsletter.
A very interesting book has just been published by one of our former colleagues, John Bolton of the United States, called Surrender Is Not an Option.
So many interesting things and places.How are you this morning?
(c) Panel discussions and exchanges with independent expertsb
C. Transport and communications
6. The situation in Somalia.
Avoid sex in early age as immature cervix is more susceptible to HPV infection and other carcinogen
The Advisory Committee is not convinced of the need for the provision of specialized expertise in designing evaluation and inspection exercises, since it is related to the three military experts mentioned in paragraph 67 above.
Emphasizes in the chronic nephritis albuminuria pathogenesis the hepatorenal Yin deficient crucial nature.
54. Liabilities for end-of-service benefits (and post-retirement benefits) should be provided for in the accounts to the extent required by the financial policies of the organization.
The Lioness. There was a great stir made among all the Beasts, which could boast of largest family.
Climate change has negative impacts on health, threatens access to water and food security, and increases the urban poor's vulnerability to flooding and landslides.
Most of our products are mainly made in China in excellent quality controlled by our product inspector.
Bars in public places as a casual, modern people in daily life of the frequented.
Yet another suggestion was that, in order to address situations in which payment of the assigned receivable was effected in kind, the words "discharge of the debtor's obligation" should be substituted for the term "payment".
Some participants also suggested themes for future studies by the Expert Mechanism.
The job gives my talents and abilities a full scope.
A: I will be in charge of this company in five years
28. Delegates recognized that trade, technology and finance were essential means of implementation of sustainable development goals.
- To ensure the participation of private and non-profit organizations in the introduction and expansion of family planning services;
Since the very first day of its establishment, the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, unlike Azerbaijan, has assumed the course of building a democratic State, ensuring all the rights and freedoms for its citizens.
National focal points for the exchange of information, designated pursuant to article 9 of the Convention;
15. In support of the nuclear-weapon-free zones, including within the context of the Conference of States Parties and Signatories to Treaties that Establish Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones, Thailand, as Chair of the Commission for the South-East Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone, participated in a meeting of focal points of nuclear-weapon-free zones and Mongolia, with participants from the nuclear-weapon-free zones of Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), the South Pacific (Treaty of Rarotonga), Central Asia (Semipalatinsk Treaty) as well as Mongolia, held in Ulaanbaatar on 27 and 28 April 2009.
(c) In consultation with the secretariats and Conferences of Parties to the multilateral environmental agreements, to enhance collaboration with multilateral environmental agreements on environment and poverty alleviation towards the achievement of internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration;
What makes you say all this to me?鈥?
Gabon's legal framework guaranteed the fundamental rights of all migrant workers and members of their families.
This initiative recognizes that, to fully benefit from international trade, developing countries, especially LDCs, need targeted financial support for trade-related technical assistance, building productive capacity and infrastructure, and trade-related adjustment support.
The President: I now call on His Excellency Mr. Vladimir Norov, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Not only I but also my wife was hurt in the accident.
The introduction of the system of payment based on individual treatments has been an important step in modernizing the structures of the health system.
the Tribunal stage of the debate must not become a mere formality, it is necessary to seize the public prosecutor inconsistencies.
28. The Committee recommends that the State party promotes awareness of:
With participants dressed in bikinis and tight swimming trunks, athletic ability is not the only thing on display.
11. Encourages Governments, international organizations, international financial institutions and relevant stakeholders in a position to do so to contribute to the Trust Fund for Environmental Emergencies of the United Nations Environment Programme to support developing countries in building their capacity to prevent, respond effectively to and manage the environmental impacts and risks of natural and man-made disasters.
Mr. Abdellatif Erroja Mr. Ismail Chekkori
Stop it, Marcus. -I opened the tap.
Philosophy and science broke away more and more from the theology of the Church, thus enabling religious life to attain a freer relationship to reasoning.
Let everybody know who I was.
12. In recent months, particularly since May 1997, the human rights situation has been closely linked to the deteriorating security situation in the north—west of the country, especially in Gisenyi and Ruhengeri prefectures, areas populated mainly by Hutus, and perceived by the current Government as a bastion of genocidal forces.
28. As a member of the Commission on Human Rights since 1991, Indonesia has repeatedly affirmed its commitment to the principles of international human rights.
The manufactured PCBs were rarely used at full strength.
214. UNHCR is of the view that the inter-agency consultations conducted within the framework of the IASC and its Working Group of the follow up to ECOSOC resolution 1995/56 have made significant progress in a number of important areas.
(d) Protocol of 29 November 1996 concerning the Prejudicial Statement by the Court of Justice of the European Communities to the said Agreement;
"Pressure receptacles may be used provided that the general provisions of 4.1.3.6 are met.
Metaphysics ought to contain apriori synthetic knowledge.
Non-staff costs
Abducted
The 14 turbines on the left bank began operation in September 2005.
Available data from risk quotient analysis performed by Canada, integrating known or potential exposures with known or potential adverse effects, suggest a risk for adverse environmental effects in both benthic organisms and wildlife consumers (POPRC, 2006).
Every time when i teach him guitar, it is always sunny afternoon.
1. Name(s) of facility _
The key management schemes for public key algorithms and symmetric algorithms are introduced respectively.
The programme of work was flexible and could be adapted to address any concerns that arose.
Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for the Provision of an Executive Assistant to the Executive Director (Financed by the Government of the United Kingdom)
To allow customers to rest assured, take satisfaction.
Technical support will be available on site.
Objective Investigate the causes and self - prevention of varix of lower limb varix in operating room nurses.
"(d) ...."
Outstanding external debt and external debt servicing from 1995 to 2000
It may lead to the phenomenon that the a cutting tool may exceed the cutting.
Then report their results with his or hers
The term of office for these judges will be for seven years, beginning on 1 July 2009, subject to the transitional measures set out in article 3(4) of the statute of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal.
Could Japan yet end up a flag - carrier for liberalisation?
Decides that, for the first financial period of the International Criminal Court, it will adopt the respective scales of assessments of the United Nations applicable for the period 2002-2003, with adjustments to take into account the difference in membership between the United Nations and the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute, in accordance with the principles upon which the scale of the United Nations is based.
Stressing the importance of addressing these difficulties so as to enable the Committee to monitor effectively the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001) and to enhance the capacity-building work in which it is engaged,
5. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors concerning United Nations peacekeeping operations for the financial period ended 30 June 2012;
Some of the most dogmatic opinions extant in Christendom today are those of end-times specialists.
Variant 1:
Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review
:: Settlement of peacekeeping commercial insurance claims and the claims reviewed by the Advisory Board on Compensation Claims
This is a key theme that this paper will state: development mode of the platform structure.
77. The Office of the Director of Mission Support comprises the immediate Office of the Director, Regional Offices, the Budget Section, the Aviation Safety Section and the Communications and Public Information Office.
A/64/83-E/2009/83
1 Jan. 2001 to 31 Dec. 2001
Object of expenditure
They decompose and are quickly destroyed by the weather or eaten by some other creature.
Fiji
34. At the 1071st plenary meeting on 14 June 2007, the Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament conveyed to the Conference a second message from the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Ban Ki-moon (CD/PV.1071).
According to the administering Power, a strategic review conducted by the St. Helena Government showed that remittances from offshore workers were not sustainable and stated that no community could prosper if its biggest export was its people.
The restricted fund expenses were based on the fund balance of $26.60 million as at 31 December 2011, with a closing balance of $16.06 million on 31 December 2012.
Settle old accounts in future, securities market regulation are the basic tactics.
Ms. Sarah Cliffe, Special Adviser, Civilian Capacities, and former Special Representative and Director for the 2011 World Development Report on conflict, security and development
He assured the Board that UNFPA would work to enhance accountability.
(e) Two techniques would be used to control "grade creep"; first, a staff member's position in the salary range would be taken into account in determining the amount of the performance award and secondly, more difficult performance objectives/competencies would need to be achieved as the staff member moves to the higher end of the salary band.
The process of painting cant be too careful.People are most impressed by his painting skill
11. The Committee welcomes the bill which would define crimes against humanity, genocide and war crimes as offences, and particularly welcomes article 40 of the bill, which would establish the imprescriptibility of all such crimes.
It is you - Americans of every race and region and station - who came here because you believe in what this country can be and because you want to help us get there.
We express our strongest criticism over this crule and heartless murder.
The discovery is believed to relate to mass and how objects obtain it -- a persistent riddle to experts and one of the most sought-after answers in all of physics.
In her Berlin office, an irritated Ms. Merkel saw France's handwriting all over the commission's draft.
E/2014/35
Fifty-third session
8. The High Commissioner stressed that the World Conference took place at a turning point in the twentieth century, and at a time of transformation marked by shifting paradigms and new opportunities.
In accordance with rule 55 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council, the following communiqué was issued through the Secretary-General in place of a verbatim record:
The Committee also considered and adopted its first periodic report to the General Assembly, covering the period 6 November 1998 to 31 January 1999.
Date of submission: 2 August 2002 Number
UNOWA has been instrumental in the following areas: (a) carrying out conflict prevention and early warning activities; (b) using its leverage and access to address complex political environments; (c) mobilizing the United Nations system in pursuit of common conflict-prevention and peacebuilding objectives; and (d) serving as a platform for countries in the subregion affected by conflict so that they have a voice.
He also told us he had an ex-girlfriend who became an ex-vegetarian once she tasted bacon.
Consumer prices declined in many countries, mostly in East and Southern Africa (e.g. Uganda and Zambia), partly owing to a significant moderation of food prices before the last quarter of 2010.
Thirteenth session of the Commission on Sustainable Development
28. The Fourth Regional Economic Cooperation Conference on Afghanistan was held in Istanbul from 2 to 4 November.
" "I just wanted to say Happy Birthday ..." "You've been doing that all day.
The General Assembly continued its consideration of the item from its fifty-fifth to sixty-fourth sessions (resolutions 55/285, 56/509, 57/301, 58/126, annex, 61/292, 62/276, 63/309 and 64/301).
Convention on the Rights of the Child
59. Building on its growing experience, the United Nations system has begun collaborating on child-friendly legal aid in Africa.
China actively supports international efforts to address the issue of small arms.It is in favor of taking necessary measures to combat illicit activities related to small arms, and prevent the proliferation and excessive accumulation of such arms, so as to mitigate the armed conflicts and turbulences in the countries concerned and curb the further spread of terrorism and drug trafficking.
CIESIN co-organized a workshop with the Population Division of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the International Union for the Scientific Study of Population (IUSSP), "Rethinking the Estimation and Projection of Urban and City Populations," in New York City on 9 - 10 January 2006 (http://www.iussp.org/Activities/wgc-urb/urb-agenda06.php).
The difference is not huge, but it may be enough to help explain the falling birthrate of boys in industrialized countries, including the United States and Britain.
Respondents to the questionnaire noted that the mandate had also directly contributed to confirming and disseminating the obligations of States with respect to their response to trafficking.
Natasha was looking at herself in the glass, but she did not see herself.
Batting
Such practices were to a large extent enforced and have borne their fruit, thereby improving aid effectiveness.
After the attack of 11 September 2001 and in accordance with Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), these preventive measures for combating terrorism were strengthened as never before.
(Amounts in euros)
It took an active part in the negotiation of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty (CTBT) and was among the first countries to sign the CTBT in 1996.
As mentioned in paragraph 382 of Part II of the Initial Report, the promotion of cultural and national values such as national identity is implemented in school curricula, including General Studies and Chinese Language at primary level; Chinese Language, Chinese History, Civic Education and Geography at junior secondary level.
The continuation of Israel's inhuman practices made it impossible to achieve the Millennium Development Goals in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the occupied Syrian Golan.
Let's see if we can't get a tune out of this trombone.
92. The Advisory Committee was provided with information on the operational costs for cluster I, which is shown in table 5 below, including the appropriation and estimated expenditure for 2014 and the projected requirements for 2015.
When there is a genuine exigency for the requirement beyond the control of UNFPA including crisis or emergency situations;
Fast pace of technological change driving the printing industry, bussinesspersons have to continuously innovate in thinking and investment to meet customer demand.
The composition and functions of such advisory bodies shall be generally similar to those of the central review bodies established by the Secretary-General.
The travaux préparatoires of the Covenant confirm the Committee's interpretation of Article 2 of that instrument.
These elements would monitor and verify compliance with the Agreement, track the activities of armed militias and other armed opposition groups.
80. Mr. Somantri (Indonesia) said that his Government had passed an anti-discrimination law in 2008 to combat all forms of ethnic and racial intolerance.
49. Stresses that the three ad litem judges appointed to the United Nations Dispute Tribunal shall have all the powers conferred on the permanent judges of the Tribunal and be appointed only for a period of one year as from 1 July 2009;
This paper discusses the compilation skills of tender documents.
Human rights and humanitarian affairs
And the people shall be as the burnings of lime: as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire.
This vessel won't retain water.
As a result of the four-year war, Rwanda was devastated socially, economically, financially and in terms of its human resources.
149. The Subcommittee recommends that the State party should take steps to ensure that posters, booklets and other outreach materials containing clear and simple information on the rights of persons deprived of their liberty are available in all places of police detention.
United Nations
But for some reasons, there're many problems in the rule, this thesis analyzed the defects of stock tort lawsuit procedure, and gave some advices to make up for it.
Participation in the UNDESA "Sharing experience on Peace and Development Building" Workshop for Peace and Development Advisors, Nyery, Kenya, 30 October-3 November 2007.
This example assumes that the user running the client application has administrative privileges on the remote server.
15. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report on this matter to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session.
No connection may be made between the rainwater system and the potable water system, not even temporarily!
Already in 1988, following the peaceful movement in Nagorno Karabakh for self-determination, Azerbaijan closed the railroad with Armenia, hindering delivery of humanitarian assistance after the devastating earthquake in the same year.
After discussion, the proposal under paragraph 74, with the modifications proposed in paragraph 78, was found acceptable with some delegations maintaining their position in favour of deleting paragraph (2) or reserving their position until all substantive matters in the transparency rules had been discussed.
Have you finished your lunch ~ ?
The most important are carried forward by the High Commission for Immigration and Intercultural Dialogue, which created in 2007 the Office to Support Roma Communities.
Above 95 per cent
In comparison, nine million mu of wheat suffered from drought in the same period last year.
Those referred to in paragraph 2 include respect for the knowledge and rights of indigenous peoples and members of local communities, by taking into account relevant national and international obligations, circumstances and laws, including the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and the full and effective participation of relevant stakeholders, in particular indigenous peoples and local communities.
The Solution: Maid companies can be a little pricey, so you might want to try advertise on Craigslist or in your local paper.
What you had all the time was a third testicle.
58. CESCR was concerned at the high unemployment level and urged Turkmenistan to address it.
But we also need more and better aid.
The Office of Human Resources Management is taking steps to improve monitoring and reduce the time lag in all non IMIS based data reporting by departments/offices.
He snogged loadsa girlies.
A. General overview
14. Mr. Amor said that, as jurists, the Committee members should, even without the help of case law, be able to examine the phrase "special duties and responsibilities" in more detail and try to give some guidance as to its meaning.
If no one will own up to misbehaving, all pupils will be kept in after school.
(d) Ensure access to counselling for all victims of violence as well as assistance for their recovery and reintegration.
The Third Conference of the Pacific Youth and Environment Network will take place in early 2009 at the University of the South Pacific in Suva.
" Doodle - bug, doodle - bug, tell me what I want to know!
73. The United Nations and its partners continued to support the Government in the development of its national action plan for the implementation of Security Council resolution 1325 (2000).
He said she had first started painting shortly before her second birthday as
Mr. Norihiko Yoda
4 p.m. Given the large number of participants expected, delegates are encouraged to register as early as possible.
We further call on those Member States that have not joined the NPT to do so without further delay.
All the same, it must be acknowledged that these reforms have encountered difficulties such as inadequate infrastructure and human and material resources, dilapidated custody cells, cramped and unhygienic places of detention, a lack of equipment in police and gendarmerie facilities, and prison overcrowding.
In that context, he reaffirmed the importance of implementing the 13 practical steps adopted at the 2000 Review Conference aimed at achieving general and complete disarmament.
This organization runs a shelter for the victims of trafficking and violence.
758. The Tribunal is carefully monitoring the accumulated leave balances of staff while giving priority to the timely implementation of its completion strategy and the availability of resources.
International Maritime Organization, London
At best, these workers are left unprotected by the law governing labour and employment.
(a) 60% for a spouse suffering total disability, and 43% in the event of partial disability;
Welcome to Havana.
Ali: Then when is your birthday?
Do we need to get anything
At the request of different stakeholders, UNICRI has taken initiatives to protect and promote the human rights and to ensure the well-being of participants in clinical drug trials and research.
A Perkins Brailler currently costs approximately $700 in the United States.
States Contribution No.
c. Matters in respect of which there is an agreement
Katie: It's a life decision.
Such a process of education will be necessary for effective steps to be taken towards resolving long—standing conflicts and understanding the implications of accommodating the competing rights and interests of indigenous peoples and States.
- Promoting mechanisms for the integration of job-seekers (inter alia, as part of regional, community and federal ESF-Objective-3 programmes)
In its Human Development Report 2003: Millennium Development Goals, UNDP estimates that an annual GDP growth of 2.9 per cent per year is required between now and 2015 to reach the Millennium Development Goals -- about double the present level.
If it is established that he has been killed, those responsible for his death should be identified, prosecuted and punished for obstructing the course of justice and causing the death of the author's husband.
112. The first cases of HIV appeared in Costa Rica in the early 1980s, in haemophiliac patients who had received imported blood derivatives infected with the human immunodeficiency virus.
Decree 3665/00 sets strict controls for preventing the manufacture, stockpiling, transfer and possession of unmarked or inadequately marked firearms, plastic explosives and other explosives and their precursors.
10. The variance of $129,000 under this heading is attributable primarily to the repatriation of formed police personnel on flights chartered for the repatriation of the troop-contributing country national contingents rather than on a special chartered flight for its formed police unit.
One barge was struck by three rocket-propelled grenades.
With regard to humanitarian issues, despite the dedicated efforts and leadership of the Secretary-General, we still face enormous gaps and challenges on many fronts.
A computer simulation procedure was proposed for the batch grinding process of the mixture.
The report of the Committee of the Whole was taken note of by the Council at the 10th plenary meeting of the session/forum, on 9 February 2001, and is incorporated into chapter VIII of the present proceedings.
Concerned in particular that tens of millions of people suffer not only from leprosy as a disease, which is scientifically and medically proven to be curable and manageable, but also from political, legal, economic or social discrimination and isolation as a result of misunderstanding and indifference, and lack of legislative or administrative measures to prohibit such discrimination and to protect and remedy the victims,
These causes are not mutually exclusive.
Guidance on how duplication of claims or recovery could be avoided in such circumstances would be welcome.
Empty Pocket Detector warning with audible and visual alam.
Full set Microscope Measurement Kit includes: Microscope with accessories, CCD Camera and Measurement Software.
In the months ahead we will see a substantial reduction in public sector headcount as the cuts begin to bite.
When the array of players of the Royal Madrid turned out in force in the stadium, the fans broke into loud cheers.
14. Human rights of migrants
I don't understand. Why would you I'm breaking out.
Not just a tournament of nations but a cultural tour de force, the event gave the world a summer break, with some sideline distractions.
The beam emerges from the tip, shining onto the tooth or gums.
Partnerships for capacity-building and human resource development can increase both the quantum of available resources for education and health, and the effectiveness of policies of developing countries.
The Committee was informed of the continuing contacts between the ECCAS secretariat and the various member countries concerning the setting up of the network of parliamentarians established in Malabo on 24 June 2000.
Signature: Spain (20 September 2001)
[XX]
(a) Delete paragraphs (b) and (c) under Expected accomplishments;
37. Reiterates its call for new donors to support AMISOM through the provision of additional funding for troop stipends, equipment, technical assistance and uncaveated funding for AMISOM to the United Nations Trust Fund for AMISOM, calls upon the African Union to consider how to provide sustainable funding for AMISOM, such as through its own assessed costs as it did for the African-led International Support Mission in Mali, and underlines the African Union's call for its Member States to provide financial support to AMISOM;
131. Address gaps in the development of new tools for risk assessment, harmonization of risk assessment methods, better methods to estimate the impacts of chemicals on health in real-life situations and the ability to access, interpret and apply knowledge on risks.
Also included in this report is one "E2" claim, that is a claim submitted by a non-Kuwaiti corporation, public sector enterprise or other private legal entity (excluding oil sector, construction/engineering, export guarantee/insurance and environmental claimants) (the "`E2' claim").
Although a scholar of renown, he would not object to others picking his brains on anything he knows about.
Draft resolution A/C.4/53/L.7
The precise effect of each reservation in terms of national law and policy;
WikiProject Formula One/Assessment
To avoid leaving any doubt, article 38, paragraph 2, of the United Nations Assignment Convention, states also the obvious, namely that if the United Nations Assignment Convention does not apply to the rights and obligations of a debtor (because the debtor is not located in a State party to the United Nations Assignment Convention or the law governing the contract from which the assigned receivables arise is not the law of a State party to the United Nations Assignment Convention), it does not affect the application of the UNIDROIT Factoring Convention.
The Review Conference to be held next May in Kampala, Uganda, will provide an important opportunity to reflect on the achievements of and challenges to international criminal justice, and to consider possible amendments to the Rome Statute.
10 See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1999, Supplement No. 13 (E/1999/33), para. 117.
Other announcements
-The same to you, Alice.16. by spaceship by doing sth.1)by spaceshipI came by bike / on my mother's bike.I wish I could go to the moon by spaceship one day.
It is time for immediate action.
6. Welcomes with appreciation the increased cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of the Islamic Conference in the field of peacemaking and preventive diplomacy and takes note of the close cooperation between the two organizations in the search for a peaceful and lasting solution to the conflict in Afghanistan;
Capacity to provide legal, conference and information technology services to Parties, the intergovernmental process and the secretariat, must be commensurate with the growing demands in terms of volume and complexity.
In 2001, a non-state group killed more Americans than the government of Japan killed at Pearl Harbor.
I spent so much time on club activities during the four years. However, I did not miss any of my classes
○ Adding United Nations- and peacekeeping-specific details to IPSAS-compliant model financial statements;
Given names
China’s real core interests are not in territorial expansion and hegemony over its neighbors, but in upholding the human rights and improving the welfare of its own citizens, which is the world’s core interest in China.
A project empowering the Iraqi refugees living in Jordan was carried out in collaboration with UNHCR (2009) to provide necessary skills and experience in many different fields.
LORI: Don't tease me
 24. With regard to the proposal to charge interest on unpaid assessments, the Advisory Committee had stated in its report of 11 December 1991 (A/46/765) that "the time has come to seriously consider such a proposal, which may well be an effective disincentive to late payment" (para. 9).
Areas of cooperation include needs assessment, provision of expertise and manpower and distribution of items provided by donors
This “bilateral aid” is subject to the whims and trends of the aid industry, sometimes flowing only into specific sectors or to back particular approaches.
According to the author, such guidelines provide clear evidence of the specific and discriminatory nature of travel permit checks.
Other objectives of the project include the establishment of a Competition Council responsible for applying competition legislation and rules in the context of the new system outlined in the Competition Act, as well as the establishment of an integrated competition information and education system.
The task is now to ensure that these standards are implemented with due regard to the human rights of those affected.
Daily provision of advice and technical expert support to the Director-General and senior management of the national police to implement the 2006 national police reform plan and to meet the new needs and challenges facing the national police after the earthquake
Livestock was privatized in 1992 and housing privatization took place between 1996-1997.
As a country sharing close ties with its Middle East neighbours, Cyprus attached great importance to the enhancement of the economic and social conditions of the Palestinian people and to the achievement of lasting peace and security in the Middle East. To that end, the work of UNRWA was crucially important.
62. In response to financial difficulties experienced by some members in attending the Committee's meetings and in the informal visit to The Hague made by some members, and the likely need for an additional session in 2004, the Committee considered the issue of payment of members' expenses from the programme budget.
Concentration
(iv) Mineral ownership;
Gwen Lister
Do a test run before sending it
Along with the value of people to family environment art, desk lamp because its decoration at table the special position of tops with several case set, also want to stress special adornment result.
17. This draft operational concept organizes the protection activities undertaken by missions into four categories.
 It is in this light that we see the need for strengthening South-South cooperation so that it can play an effective role in implementing the Programme of Action.
Virtual private network (VPN) was successfully installed on every laptop that has the capacity to run this feature, which accounts for 95 per cent of all Mission-owned laptops.
With respect to health
11. Please indicate ways your Government has taken to increase the level of awareness about the scourges of racism and promote the values of acceptance, tolerance and cultural diversity.
To evaluate this programme, Inmujeres designed a methodology that relates its programmes to the actions undertaken by APF agencies and entities which contribute to fulfilment of the relevant targets.
In future that budget fascicle should be issued on time, in accordance with the procedures laid down in the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
It can raise treating quantity of equipment, reduce energy consumption and raise product quality.
c United Nations publication, Sales No. E.06.XI.10.
The Special Rapporteur on violence against women has, along with several OHCHR field offices and other international organizations, identified a link between the presence of international forces and the development of a market for trafficked women and girls.
20.6 The external evaluation of ECE* suggested redeploying some of the resources of this subprogramme to others.
The on-going mortality survey and MICS in Afghanistan will significantly improve the availability of data disaggregated by sex as well as other factors, such as age, residence, and socio-economic status.
Adequate resources had to be provided in areas such as the environment, economic and social development, poverty reduction, and humanitarian assistance.
In this regard, it also recommends that the State party ensure that children are aware of and can access the helpline.
The restaurant manager's words reverberate in my mind to this day like a gunshot. I'd been hit in the chest and was stunned.
Man-made metamaterials can also bend light to create invisibility cloaks, ultra-thin sound-proof walls and even miniature Big Bangs and megaverses.
Law No. 2003/26 On Medicinal Products and Medicinal Devices, which defines medical products and medical devices for use in human and veterinary medicine as well as conditions for their production and placement on the market
This record included brief accounts of the issues that had been discussed in informal consultations.
I. TERMINOLOGY 4 - 11 4
Higher rates of legal repression have been associated with higher HIV prevalence among people who use injecting drugs, without a decrease in prevalence of injecting drug use.
They welcomed the United Nations priority action plan for northern Mali and its focus on economic recovery, social cohesion and the re-establishment of State authority.
"You'll have to put it back, son," he said.
29. In its resolution 59/266 of 23 December 2004, the General Assembly requested the Board of Auditors to conduct an audit of the implementation of the principle of equitable geographical representation in the Secretariat at all levels, as set out in relevant resolutions of the General Assembly.
EUSES
In favour:
Japan
4. This revised edition incorporates all the amendments to the Staff Rules that have been published previously.
The housekeeper and Hareton were invisible; one gone on an errand, and the other at his work, probably.
I esteem it as a privilege to attend this meeting and give a report here.
Stand before the French window of luxurious flatlet the night that urban rainbow twinkles all stops eye ground.
7. The COP will have before it for adoption the provisional agenda contained in this document.
The office continues to monitor the implementation of laws to ensure that their application is consistent with internationally recognized human rights standards.
However, the Independent Evaluation Unit has prepared ad hoc summaries of evaluation findings for two regions to help illustrate to managers how to analyse evaluation findings, and it is developing an evaluation portal to place all evaluation plans online and automate the collation of findings, conclusions and recommendations from individual evaluations.
At some point, when trying to see the detainees inside the 204th infantry brigade, members of the mission were photographed against their will.
2nd half of 2008
Page
The precious experience with the poor kids made me aware of the responsibility on the shoulders of us, future teachers.
The American Chinese is amazed to find his hometown greatly changed.
The government has also beenergingurging Chrysler to join with Fiat.
The Chair will seek assistance from delegates to facilitate the work of the drafting groups and spin-off groups as needed.
I'll put on my red shoes, said she, one morning; Kay has never seen them,and then I'll go down to the river and ask there.
Some 500 million birds migrate each year from Africa, some weighing as little as nine grammes (three-tenths of an ounce).
Kyushu Otani Junior College
Sierra Leone
10. In terms of the environment, the global economy and support of vulnerable people and communities, the Anglican Consultative Council encourages all Governments and institutions to weigh the environmental and financial costs of institutional activities, including the church; to work towards increasing access to safe water as an inviolable human right; to enable faith communities to consider energy services as practical and strategic need and promote the use of renewable energy to encourage and support development of skills and sustainability of appropriate use of science and technology; to advocate sustainable, restorative economies with national Governments, the United Nations (through the Anglican Observers Office) and local constituencies.
413. The view was expressed that the Secretary-General would be encouraged to expeditiously implement those elements of reform under his sole authority, in accordance with the relevant General Assembly resolutions and decisions already adopted.
Rivals claim that the vessels are often chartered out at lower-than-market rates when TMT is betting on FFA prices to fall.
However, these efforts have frequently ignored the central challenge for women in exercising their political rights, namely their unpaid domestic and care workload.
Figure 4 shows the window that holds details of this new extension mapping document.
As for overcrowding relief and transfer needs, 1 500 flats have been set aside for Territory-wide Overcrowding Relief and Living Space Improvement Transfer Scheme Exercises.  Another 4 000 flats will be reserved for various transfers.
Article 130 of Law No. 197 of 1959, concerning the Labour Code, stipulates that all its provisions apply to working women, with no distinction as to job.
"The Government will continue to work with the IT industry, academia and the community to promote e-Education and e-Learning in Hong Kong," he said. He believed that apart from enabling the public to equip themselves adequately to meet the challenges posed by economic restructuring and the changing needs of a knowledge-based economy, e-Education was also an important means for enhancing social mobility.
Field Administration and Logistics Division reserve shipments
China's newly-weds in urban areas spend 126,600 yuan (16,600 U.S. dollars) on average in 2006 when getting hitched, Thursday's Chongqing Youth Daily reported, citing a recent survey by the Ministry of Commerce
In the authors' opinion, even if one could argue as to the extent of the maternity leave to be established, nothing suggests that the State party has no duty to create a provision.
Agenda for extraordinary meeting
7. The facilitator, the Secretary-General and the co-sponsors have continued and intensified their respective consultations, in particular undertaking preparations for and promoting the aims of the 2012 conference.
 201. No provision is made under this heading.
During the first two months of my work in Afghanistan, I met Government officials, political leaders and civil society actors in Kabul and the provinces and across the region.
He suggested that statements by members of the Committee during the general debate should not exceed 10 minutes, or 15 minutes in the case of those speaking on behalf of several delegations.
ANNEX
He knew that he was weak, but God is strong.
In this sense, a State cannot achieve the Millennium Development Goals while disregarding human rights principles, including the principle of non-discrimination.
This report covers coordination and cooperation with agencies and organizations of the United Nations system, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations since the fifteenth session of the Commission.
Norwayb c d
That is good news for U.S. exporters, but it is raising concerns in places like Japan and Germany, which are both gripped by recession.
As such, Marx's theory ofhistory is just a secular version of Providence or Destiny.
30 January 1998
A funny love story between a third - rate survivor and a foolish modern day princess.
Others, such as the report on the item "Zone of peace and cooperation in the South Atlantic", should be issued only when there is something new to bring to the attention of Member States.
Modern Pictures In The Rooms And Artefacts In The Atrium Lobby Underline The Artistic Atmosphere.
The draft decision was adopted by the Fifth Committee without a vote.
They disposed of their daughter in marriage last month.
 Twenty-five teachers have been provided with refresher training in the identification and management of traumatized children.
 27. The activities mentioned in paragraph 8 of the draft resolution were listed in chapter 3C, B.5 of the programme budget for the biennium 1994-1995, entitled "Regional political and security cooperation and trusteeship and decolonization".
Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go
5. Further calls upon Member States to discuss with the Centre for International Crime Prevention funding modalities and options for technical cooperation for crime prevention and criminal justice;
    Other Scientific Services Group
Any form of discrimination or harassment, including sexual or gender harassment, as well as physical or verbal abuse, is prohibited.
The company commander ranked his soldiers in a column four deep.
In these circumstances, the standards applicable to a determination of criminal guilt or innocence are obviously of a different nature and serve a distinct purpose from that of the sanctions.
But some indicators may not support that.
Florence believes an important role played by government lawyers is to assist Government bureaus and departments ensure that the rule of law is upheld in Government acts and decisions.
 5. Also requests the Secretary-General to consider the relative advantages of using available resources and voluntary contributions for regional, subregional or national courses, as against courses organized within the United Nations system;
8. Mr. Patriota (Brazil) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Paraguay on behalf of the Rio Group, and said that the Rio Group offered valuable possibilities for regional coordination in addressing the many complex and sensitive issues involved in negotiations on a statute for the international criminal court.
Traditionally assigned gender roles limit women's choices in education and careers and compel women to assume the burden for household responsibilities.
Addendum
Kreator
The text of the draft resolution, for the time being, is contained in document A/C.5/61/L.48.
The Committee further urges the State party to monitor the provision of social services with a view to ensuring the availability of a sufficient number of shelters equipped to accommodate women with disabilities throughout the territory of the State party and making sure that they are adequately financed.
Love is a chord in life, not a solo.
(c) An informal interactive civil society hearing will be chaired by the President of the General Assembly or his representative and organized with the active participation of people living with HIV/AIDS and broader civil society, and will be attended by representatives of non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council, invited civil society organizations, the private sector, Member States and observers;
2. Supports the approach outlined in the policy, which defines UNICEF communication functions as including information, advocacy, behavioural development and change, and social and resource mobilization;
Raj,no,it's a trap! They're flanking us!
60. The use of cellular telephones and laptop computers during meetings can be disruptive and can disturb the infrared transmission of interpretation equipment.
Welcherath
The nice thing about it is that we can really have a knob, if you like, which we can control to adjust the rate at which we inject these particles.
1 Officer -- 460
The preacher sought to find out acceptable words: and that which was written was upright, even words of truth.
He also stressed that human rights are the very foundation of development and that the United Nations had a critical role to play in achieving a common understanding of this principle.
Therefore, in order to determine whether UN Model article 26 should be updated, it is advisable to review the changes in 2003 OECD article 26 made by the OECD Fiscal Committee in issuing 2005 OECD article 26.
166. Fahed Mohammad Abdulla Al-Khalidi
A second mate would be listed after all the children, grand - children, and later progeny of the first mate were listed.
Early detection pregnancy tests are widely available in the community.
19. Mr. Joemmanbaks (Suriname) stated that the Ministry of Education had prepared a sectoral education plan designed, inter alia, to promote gender mainstreaming and to eliminate stereotypes.
Consequently I shall not insist that a Christian must in hell.
Based on the priorities of national development plans and implementation of the above commitments, developed countries should increase their efforts to provide more financial resources to developing countries in harnessing ICTs for development;
The proportion of engineering output has decreased by 50 per cent, while that of light industry has dropped to one sixth of its former share.
50. CPN (Maoist) abducted civilians as a punitive measure leading to forced labour, illtreatment or, in some cases, death.
In the light of these proceedings, other controlling authority from the State party's courts and the absence of any suggestion that there are additional remedies available, the Committee accordingly finds that it is not precluded under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol from considering the communication.
In addition, as part of our bilateral commitment to Afghanistan, we supplied essential items, medicines and medical equipment worth Rs 47 million.
In the coming year, we expect that the new projects will create about 27,000 jobs in the construction industry.
The properties for this Contact indicate that they do not want direct mailings.
A statement was made by the observer for Palestine.
TD/B/C.II/ISAR/59
Our statistical analysis of the entry and exit patterns of entrepreneurs in the Brazilian ethanol industry shows that the more efficient acquired the less efficient.
But the difference between real philosophy and these books is more or less the same as the difference between real love and pornography.
(d) To promote the development and use of instruments, including plans, policies and strategies for waste management and infrastructure, including planning for disaster debris, taking into account national legal, institutional and financial aspects;
3. Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing [99]
Radiation is zero in direction along the axis normal to the plane of a loop current.
must not smoke when serving customers.
Recognizing that in order to leave no one behind and bring everyone forward, actions are needed to promote equality of opportunity so that no person is denied basic economic opportunities and the enjoyment of all human rights,
Results-based management
Consequently, we support the Secretary-General's proposal aimed at implementing necessary changes to increase the effectiveness of United Nations peace efforts in general.
Chemical Leasing business models represent an innovative approach to respond to the global changes in international policies of the chemical sector.
3. Improved implementation of inclusive urban planning, management and governance
The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/81 of 25 April 2001, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the independent expert on the situation of human rights in Somalia for a further year and to request the future independent expert to report to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-eighth session.
Subparagraph 2 (e)
(c) Cooperation with the independent expert on minority issues and United Nations organizations.
 7. The tasks to be undertaken by an expanded force would be those originally entrusted to UNMIH by the Security Council in its resolution 867 (1993), together with the new tasks referred to in paragraph 3 of its resolution 933 (1994).
China
 (a) Adoption by the General Assembly of the following theme for the Decade: eradicating poverty is an ethical, social, political and economic imperative of humankind.
However, the existence of incomplete form and probable result in fact presumption, have put an enormous hindrance to the function it should have.
Thus understood the incarnation is the key which opens to us the intention, plan, meaning and goal of the creation.
(d) To effectively enforce and monitor compliance with protection orders issued against perpetrators of, in particular, domestic violence;
Convention on the International Protection of Adults 2002
Climate change impacts were occurring much more quickly than previously forecast, as evidenced by the alarmingly higher rate of sea-level rise, which would eventually inundate some small island developing States and significantly alter life in others.
9:35 And he sat down, and called the twelve, and saith unto them, If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all
500 km of roads and 10 bridges
Queen Elizabeth Foundation for the Mentally Handicapped - Invitation Letter, Guide to Application for grant and Appendix: Application Form
8. Continuing to support the important work of national human rights institutions.
Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS
bringing people with HIV, cancer and multiple sclerosis (effectively from the point of diagnosis) within its scope;
Sea violations
Statement by the incoming Chair
Yet table 26 shows that the majority of female employees are in the nursing profession, accounting for 90.8% of the total number of women in the ministry.
The purpose of the Model Regulations is to set out, for use on a multilateral basis, harmonized measures and a harmonized system of procedures for monitoring and controlling the international movement of firearms, their parts and components and ammunition, in order to prevent their trafficking and diversion to illicit channels.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
h. Production and packaging of video materials, features and programmes related to the work of the Organization, including "United Nations in Action", "21st Century", "Year in Review", and ad hoc co-productions with United Nations system agencies and other organizations (8); television coverage of General Assembly, Security Council and other meetings, and other events and activities, including those featuring the Secretary-General, for distribution to news organizations (1);
Beautiful lady, so dear to my heart.
Selden had  retained  her hand, and continued to scrutinize her with a strange sense of foreboding.
I take the liberty of drawing the attention of representatives to three of the 14 operative paragraphs because of their significance.
With the participation of the US and Russia in the expanded East Asia Summit, the regional architecture is, indeed, becoming more dynamic.
Even the CD has to pause for a while, take stock of its situation and decide what it should do next.
25 April 2001
Towards that end, the principles and provisions of CEDAW have been gradually incorporated into domestic legislations such as the Penal Code, the Pensions Act 1980, the Land (Group Settlement Areas) Act 1960 (Revised 1994), the Immigration Regulations 1963, the Domestic Violence Act 1995 and the Employment Act 1955.
Never say that you dont have enough time to learn English!Try to read a short English passage every day to build up your language sense.
A ride in an amusement park, consisting of small CARS that move in a rapid, whipping motion along an oval track.
139. The earlier model scales, still in quarantine in the UNICEF Copenhagen warehouse in February 2005, totalled 27,321 units, valued at $2.27 million.
Minimum payment (United States dollars)
$1,778,800a
Some requested further information on certain aspects, including: the numbers of staff involved in the Roster and how their absence from their regular position would be managed; how UNHCR would ensure that emergencies do not affect delivery to ongoing operations and what is foreseen to ensure avoidance of overlap in emergency response with other agencies and partners.
She reported that the opposition Sudan People's Liberation Army was using the bases for politics and propaganda, creating tensions within the bases.
:: We have often manipulated and tampered with our founding documents, betraying our foremost obligations for the sake of repugnant interests that we are loath even to admit.
Regional workshop on the coordinated implementation of the Basel, Rotterdam and Stockholm conventions in Latin America and the Caribbean, Montevideo, Uruguay, 28 - 30 January 2004.
Other barriers to women's access to appropriate health care include laws that criminalize medical procedures only needed by women punish women who undergo those procedures.
Nor has the author argued convincingly that he is to be prosecuted and brought to trial.
And, even with this terror in his heart, he could hardly avoid laughing, to imagine how the sanctified old patriarchal deacon would have been petrified by his minister's impiety.Again, another incident of the same nature
Officers selected for specialised units undergo mandatory testing by an internal team of polygraphers.
There are also more than 100 “multi-family offices”, in which rich families team up to boost their investment capacity, according to estimates from Scorpio Partnership, specialist wealth management consultants.
The Sustainable Energy for All initiative must facilitate this conversation at all levels and across all stakeholders.
6. Decides to continue its examination of the situation of human rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea at its sixtyfourth session, and to this end requests the SecretaryGeneral to submit a comprehensive report on the situation in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the Special Rapporteur to continue to report his findings and recommendations. 71st plenary meeting
(age)
This time it was China.
Cryptodiscus
According to an opinion issued by the European Council on Environmental Law, the cost of water should be shared among all so as to ensure that each individual can enjoy the right to water.
But, as the Lancet Commission report shows, the low-pollution transition is essential to the health, wellbeing, and prosperity of our societies.
[31 December 2008]
General Assembly resolutions 66/288 and 67/290
The continuing good offices role of my Special Representative in facilitating these critical processes, including dialogue and reconciliation, will remain important.
It is similar to the sun to float up after the children watched it, if it falls directly in the mouth who!
This is why we do not understand or share the particular interest shown in establishing a singular, separate process in the case of the First Committee.
These will be addressed further in our future discussions.
Osgoo Well, it is to me.
No fungus or virus infections were happened.
Flashing warning signs, huge advertising hoardings and Christmas decorations were also said to be major distractions.
(3) As with regard to States, the borderline between cases of distress and those which may be considered as pertaining to necessity is not always obvious.
Solicit their support for the steps you are taking in school.
However, a collapse in prices could hasten the take-up of the technology – which would help to boost the overall volume of future activity, even as margins fall, industry analysts and officials add.
77. Until 1966, more men than women were registered to participate in elections as either voters or candidates.
9. Voluntary contributions to the Fund can be made by bank transfer or by cheque.
To try to keep North Korea isolated from the outside world, Mr Kim's regime bans anything other than state TV and radio and tries to jam South Korean broadcasts.
That the Tribunals themselves, rather than a legislative body promulgated the Rules of Procedure and Evidence is perhaps the most striking difference between their functions and those of national courts.
For 25 years, when people have asked me for career advice, what I always tell them is don't give up what you have inside. Never sell your soul
HK delegation to attend Avian Flu Meeting in Vietnam
It is very important now to sustain these very encouraging trends in the Council's activities into the future.
Before concluding, the Deputy Executive Director introduced the annual financial review, 2003, and underscored the additional measures needed to safeguard the security and safety of UNFPA personnel and premises globally, as well as the resources required for those measures.
the Advisory Committee, but, in the case in question, the Advisory Committee had made proposals of a political nature which might be prejudicial to an operation and, in particular, to the work of the Special Representative.
World Wide Web Consortium
Let's hit the road!
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Qingdao and other discount merchants have been offering promotions to allow consumers.
(g) Not to be compelled to testify against himself or herself or to confess guilt.
For the fourth consecutive year, the Centre and a consortium of civil society partners led by Transparencia, were active in organizing pasacalles.
(As at March 1999)
Some delegates said that UNCTAD should continue working on regional integration because of its link with investment policies.
1. Association of Presbyterian Women of Aotearoa New Zealand
Such measures may affect companies in developing countries, for example on account of the need to collect information to respond to questionnaires or site visits.
No pain, no palm; no thorns, no throne; no gall, no glory; no cross, no
The design of the unique craft of the exquisite, absolutely amazing.
A happy New Year to you. Season"s greetings and sincere wishes for a bright and happy New Year!
Outlying Islands sewerage, stage 1 phase 2
It is " draft is in urgent transfusion, head cross busy brains. "
(b) Children with disabilities (art. 23);
(b) To develop and maintain adequate law enforcement and investigative capacity to keep abreast of and deal with new developments in the exploitation of information, communications and commercial technologies in economic fraud and identity-related crime, including websites and other online forums used to facilitate trafficking in identity information or documents, such as passports, driving licences and national identity cards;
References and further reading
Similarly, the individual complaints mechanisms under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (hereafter Convention on Women) could provide useful points of reference.
Now in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took captains of hundreds: Azariah the son of Jeroham, Ishmael the son of Johanan, Azariah the son of Obed, Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, and they entered into a covenant with him
Reaffirming that the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development and the Programme of Action
Among the benefits of a single authoritative source of information in digital format based on an internationally endorsed standard, are reduced costs to all parties involved due, notably, to the elimination of the need to re-input and re-project data.
2. Cooperation with special procedures
Ministerial Declaration of the Group of 77 and China on the occasion of UNCTAD XII
Quadrennial reports for the period 2007-2010 submitted by non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council through the SecretaryGeneral pursuant to Council resolution 1996/31
The Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC) was established in 1985 to act as an independent and impartial focus for the development of all forms of dispute resolution in the HKSAR and Asia-Pacific.
The Legal Subcommittee noted with satisfaction that the adoption of the Safety Framework for Nuclear Power Source Applications in Outer Space (A/AC.105/934) by the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its forty-sixth session, in 2009, and the endorsement of the Safety Framework by the Committee at its fifty-second session, in 2009, constituted an important step with regard to the progressive development of international space law and considerably advanced international cooperation in ensuring the safe use of nuclear power sources in outer space.
They will bear their guilt-the prophet will be as guilty as the one who consults him.
One person broke the motorboat national record twice.
An actor says, " Good morning " in the studio.
14. Economic values have been associated with forestry in the past, in keeping with the traditional orientation of forest management which was towards production of timber and other products for the market.
In Brazil, the government has been cutting an enormous fiscal deficit just as the economy is recovering from its deepest recession in decades (though the corruption scandal now embroiling President Michel Temer may derail that effort).
Ms. Prisca Matimba Nyambe (Zambia) 158
29A.36 This component of the subprogramme is the responsibility of the Umoja Enterprise Resource Planning Project Team in the Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management.
Therefore, there should be different remedy manner in the criminal appeal procedures.
What's the rate today
The inescapable conclusion is that Aloysius doesn't read much faster than Bart; he just reads a lot more.
For example, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations had approved an inland transport claim of $131,000, which included charges for administration, travel costs, fuel and lubricants, and vehicle wear and tear.
Between 1994 and 1999, Russia gradually came to take up the position in Georgia that it had set out to achieve.
a Excluding an estimated 106,131 refugee pupils attending government and private elementary and preparatory schools, and 60,551 refugee students attending government and private secondary schools, and including 38,536 non-refugee children attending UNRWA schools.
Competition policy, however, recognizes that in some circumstances, society would be better off by allowing for limited market restrictions, monopolistic profits and short-term allocative inefficiencies, when these can be proven to promote dynamic efficiency and long-term economic growth. “The domestic economy can continue to expand only if it succeeds in producing either new products that consumers desire or existing products at lower costs.
Sixty-two per cent of Americans got "embarrassed" wrong, against 54 per cent of Britons who struggled with the word in a survey last year
Liars sometimes avoid'lying'by not making direct statements.
On the basis of those results, the Ad Hoc Committee should make proposals to the General Assembly regarding the terms of reference for its own negotiating mandate.
Security awareness information and update briefings conducted for staff in Mitrovica and Peja regions along with weekly regional security meetings with senior management, including United Nations police and KFOR
Adoption of the decisions and the report.
The young soprano is taken up by a famous conductor.
For example, recommendation 15 (see document IDB.27/19/Add.1, "Executive summary") was targeted at consolidation following the restructuring processes and at improving staff confidence in managerial decisions affecting them.
5. Stresses the importance of implementing the present decision in compliance with the Declaration of Commitment adopted by Member States at the special session of the General Assembly on HIV/AIDS.
The family are celebrating Thanksgiving in this picture.
IV. Northern Kosovo
(k) Giving human rights training to members of the armed forces, the police and officials of the Offices of some state AttorneysGeneral; and
The negotiations should also benefit from the lessons learned from the implementation of the Chemical Weapons Convention since its entry into force.
17. Ministry of Housing and Human Settlements, Questionnaire on compliance with the obligations imposed by the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, San José, Costa Rica, July 2005.
Many ways, the following is author explored in practice by several methods.
?MARTIN: Do you like parks? ?MALE: Yes, we like parks.
The index of China Enterprise stocks, or H shares, jumped 6.9 per cent 鈥?the biggest one-day percentage gain in 5?
Summary
Four Chelsea players have been named in FIFA's All - Star squad from the World Cup tournament.
World Post Day
Prototype: July 2008
With most ex-communist members of the European Union in better shape than old members in the south, the east European label is looking meaningless.
In 2002, a new policy for the administration of allotments for peacekeeping missions expanded their authority over budgetary controls.
3. The Commission acknowledges that improvement of public sector effectiveness can be achieved through, inter alia, dialogue, partnership and cooperation at all levels.
Do something quick for the environment: refuse food in styrofoam, tear apart those plastic things that go around cans and choke birds, or help an animal in distress break free, etc. 20.
'Through sports, people could feel that we're still one people,' she says.
13. The Council could encourage improved interaction between its functional commissions and the executive boards of the funds and programmes in particular.
II. Cases relating to the UNCITRAL Model Arbitration Law (MAL) . 5
E. Peace implementation phase
Non-existent threats are created and enemy States are artificially made.
In 2012, women accounted for 61.1% of this population.
Idlib governorate
Our relationship should be strong enough to address not only those issues on which we agree, but those on which we take a different view.
He reflected further. Suddenly he discovered something
The Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (FSDO) was enacted in June 1997 and came into operation in November of the same year.
5. Also urges Member States, as appropriate, to consider designing, implementing and evaluating comprehensive programmes aimed at preventing all forms of violence against women and girls and reducing related vulnerabilities of victims, as well as those risks unique to perpetrators of gender-related killing of women and girls, including by conducting research focused on public education and interventions that target those vulnerabilities and risks;
Each party made its own determination as to whether it would experience severe difficulties; there were no additional criteria, and the determination was not subject to the consent of other parties.
Department of Peacekeeping Operation 75
It has become clear that for peace to be firm and lasting, it must maintain an interrelationship with freedom, democracy and development.
Fourthly, further steps should be taken to ensure full observance of Council resolutions 1402 (2002), 1403 (2002) and 1405 (2002).
It is below yield, but the quality is definitely there.
Committee on Energy (second session)
79. A one-time provision of $19,400 will cover contractual audio, video and meeting support services at major group meetings on the margins of regional implementation meetings and at the high-level political forum ($19,400) (2014-2015).
There are 1.2 billion people still living on less than a dollar a day, 1 billion lacking access to safe drinking water, 1.5 billion having no access to electricity, and 2 billion people facing food insecurity, including 300 million children who go to bed hungry every night.
However, his country remained committed to the principle of humanitarian values and burden-sharing as set forth in the 1951 Convention.
Details of support to be provided to the African Union Mission in Somalia
Among the conventional well leggings , the dual laterolog is considered as one of the most effective methods of the identification and evaluation of fractures.
Basic industries, such as energy and transportation, have thrived.
Only the General Assembly can devise comprehensive approaches to situations that deserve much more than just responses divorced from reality as it is experienced on the ground.
(a) Financial mechanism of the Convention;
19. The overall additional requirements were offset in part by savings arising from reduced demand for spare parts owing to the write-off of 263 vehicles, combined with the 36.6 per cent reduction in the number of vehicular accidents in the reporting period (153 vehicular accidents in 2005/06 compared to 97 in 2006/07).
- Sustainable development is the most effective response to global climate change.
While those achievements were commendable, further improvements were necessary, including the identification of precise time frames for implementation.
In the animal world, similar diseases occur in mink, mule deer, and elk.
New, updated and revised formats will be issued before the end of 2010 - in time for the 2011 implementation arrangements.
REPORT ON WORK OF OTHER BODIES PERFORMING WORK SIMILAR TO
Rule 69.1
Age Action Ireland aims at improving the quality of life of older persons, especially those who are the most disadvantaged and vulnerable, by enabling them to live full, independent and satisfying lives, for as long as they wish in their own homes, or in other appropriate accommodation.
The lack of consistency in its application has a direct and considerable impact on how the PAS is perceived by the staff.
Is it ethical to bring life to Mars?
(a) To contribute a reserved area to carry out activities pursuant to Annex III, article 9, of the Convention, in accordance with regulation 17;
It is with great pleasure that I would like to inform you of another very important event that is going to take place in Ukraine at the beginning of August.
GERMANY
The objective is to establish, through the formulation of a political arrangement, a traceability mechanism that will strengthen the ability of States to monitor, trace and identify, in a timely and reliable manner, supply lines for illicit weapons within a cooperative and pragmatic framework that guarantees respect for confidentiality.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 22 December 2011
Under article 165 of the Criminal Code it is a criminal offence to make unlawful use of works subject to copyright or related rights, i.e. to publish such works under one's own name or to usurp authorship of another person's scientific, literary, artistic or other work, to republish or distribute such work unlawfully or to coerce a person to accept co-authorship of a work, if the action in question occasions significant loss.
This will help society to see the usefulness and importance of the service for persons in vulnerable situations.
But it's only a dream just now.
    tunnels             bus routes         of cross harbour bus routes
11. The Advisory Committee is concerned about the information it received from the representatives of the two Tribunals that the current freeze would have a significant negative impact on the completion strategy schedule.
Without me, all animals would die.
As a Latin American and Caribbean nation with its own national identity, Puerto Rico should become a full member of the international community.
This should be provided against the recommended headings of expenditure set out in the 2009 recommendations.
These land tenure changes mean that the community must adopt a more diversified lifestyle which is increasing the pressure for a reliable local water supply.
The need for PBDEs can be reduced through the use of alternative techniques such as:
But a long silence since then has fuelled rumours that bin Laden is unwell, or dead, though the United States fears that the al Qaeda network he founded is rebuilding its base in Pakistani tribal lands, and has forged ties with affiliates in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East.
Provision of advice to DPKO and missions on 700 requests of medical evacuations/repatriations of civilian staff, military observers, civilian police and troops
How much does it cost for a subway ticket?
Embassy of Ukraine
" The alternative There is a competing admissions test to the GMAT - the GRE - but it is much less established.
“Noting also that in decision 52/414 of 9 December 1997, it decided to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session, the item entitled ‘Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty’,
47. At the outcome level -- and in line with the principles embodied in the Paris Declaration on Aid Effectiveness and the Accra Agenda for Action (A/63/539, annex) -- anticipated results include more gender-responsive national development strategies, strengthened capacity of different branches of government and expanded resources and status for national machineries for women.
Table 2
Our store sells fruit and vegetables in bulk.
Several speakers welcomed the Global Report on Trafficking in Persons, published by UNODC and the Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking (UN.GIFT) in February 2009.
The main functions of the centres include technology transfer, information, consulting and awareness-raising.
The tasks of the legislative branch consist of approving the draft laws that are submitted to it and related to women.
Articles containing Malayalam-language text
Of course the host doesn't want to hold a no - winner contest.
The Assembly decided, to this end, that the Ad Hoc Open-ended Informal Working Group would meet for three meetings of four days each, with the possibility of the Assembly deciding that additional meetings would be held, if needed, within existing resources.
Therefore, 10 guards (national General Service staff) are proposed for perimeter security and access control at the residence of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
June 1999
Negotiations are ongoing to implement the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change33 signed at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) and to bring into force the 1997 Kyoto Protocol.
11 March 2010
Inside
Of the 17 projects, three are directly related to the work of the Authority.
(32) The Committee invites the State party to ratify the core United Nations human rights treaties to which it is not yet a party, namely, the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families; the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and its Optional Protocol, and the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
While, the amorphous phase is key to the growth of dendritic nanostructured silver.
A meeting held in Paris in December 2014 attended by French mayors and representatives of UNAIDS and UN˗Habitat, among others, adopted the Paris Declaration entitled "Fast-track cities: ending the AIDS epidemic".
According to reports of the Secretary-General, the number of individuals in need of emergency and relief development assistance has increased over the past year, due to the outbreak of wars and conflicts in previously untroubled regions, such as in parts of Africa and in Iraq, as well as the continued violence in the occupied Palestinian territories and the severe decline in economic and humanitarian conditions in many developing countries, especially the African Horn, which has been affected by drought and the spread of HIV/AIDS.
The fact of its having been created by a legislative process gives the NHRC considerable authority.
In doing so, it represents a new approach to bringing about systemic change, different in two fundamental ways.
In Trinidad and Tobago, children who were considered to be beyond parental control could be placed in institutions.
The Committee is further concerned at the high dropout rate and the low retention and completion rates for girls, especially at the secondary and tertiary levels, owing to teenage pregnancy, discriminatory traditional and cultural practices and poverty, especially in rural areas.
Automatically return confirmation on all reservations back to the customer once processing of the itinerary is complete.
:: Conflict mitigation measures in place
3. Also urges the Member States to give greater attention to the propagation of religious consciousness and discussion within their respective educational institutions, mass media and Dawa fora on the gravity of the production, use and trafficking in drugs as well as their categorical prohibition from the religious and legal viewpoints.
All those in charge, both the construction manager and those in the Office of the Capital Master Plan, were aware of the significance of these potential difficulties.
It also notes that the complainant has submitted no other evidence suggesting that, after his return to Turkey, he would have been imprisoned for his past political activities or his failure to do military service, would have had a disproportionate sentence imposed on him in that connection, or would have faced treatment in contravention of the provisions of the Convention.
3. Commends the articles on diplomatic protection presented by the Commission, the text of which is annexed to the present resolution, to the attention of Governments, and invites them to submit in writing to the Secretary-General any further comments concerning the recommendation by the Commission to elaborate a convention on the basis of the articles;
What is your room number, sir?
My love is like gunshot All it takes is a shot for me to blow it all away.
Odds of that don't look so good.
Cows graze beside some of the hundreds of miles of stone walls that crisscross Inishmore.
C. Training
Upon our inauguration on 1 September last year, we immediately invited the Field Commander and staff of the ECOWAS Monitoring Group (ECOMOG) to the Executive Mansion and clearly indicated our readiness for the deployment of the peace- keepers and the subsequent disarmament of our fighters.
is extended from six months to two years
It overcomes the inherent drawbacks of single transportation means, and thus ensure the optimization and efficiency during the said process as a hole.
This concludes our business for today.
Songtao Miao Autonomous County
When Martians go to their caves they tend to forget that their friends may be having problems too.
African Union
Rapid globalization, accompanied by weak oversight of domestic investment and financial markets, contributed to the financial crisis that began in South-East Asia in July 1997, which, in turn, set off a series of economic reverberations within the region and globally.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Iraq, at his request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
UNCTAD continued to support the Infoshare installation in Cameroon and organized a training workshop in Geneva for database administrators.
Participation in carbon market events;
A keynote address was given by a representative of CONAE.
So I won't be getting married today.
6. Stresses the need for the Unit to continuously update and improve its medium- and long-term strategy for 2010 - 2019, taking into account the dynamics and challenges of the environment in which it undertakes its activities;
He would have 100 days to make a good death: to say goodbye to colleagues, friends and family, and to plan a future for his wife and children.
The challenges peculiar to a society in transition from war to peace, and developments such as the serious, widespread phenomenon of lynchings and the persistence of “social cleansing”, underscore the importance of implementing a comprehensive concept of security which has the support of personalities representing the economic, social and cultural diversity of Guatemala.
Mr. George e. Moose (United States of America)
The Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers renewed his request to visit the country in January 2004 (see E/CN.4/2004/60/Add.1) as did the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture in October 2003 (see E/CN.4/2004/56/Add.1) and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights defenders in 2004 (E/CN.4/2005/101).
11. It is also important to look at changing trends and the new contexts they provide for the protection of civilians in armed conflict.
This article updates those tips in the context of our new tools and abilities.
The cell prepares for meiosis just as it does for mitosis. But as the DNA condenses, each chromosome finds its homologous counterpart.
Under the mooted law, doctors will be encouraged to help addicts kick the habit with treatments and education programmes. If these do not work, they may prescribe cigarettes.
This was and is the result of an asset bubble fueled by excessive leverage and by the massive transparency issues associated with complex securities and derivatives that were supposed to spread risk, but instead mainly increased the systemic risk already present with excess debt.
|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   | Although neither or them remembered the occasion, Diana first met her future husband when she was just a baby
C1) Enhancing Key Points of Interests
Finally, the report notes that, despite rampant impunity, measures are slowly but steadily being put in place to hold perpetrators of grave violations against children accountable.
The Assembly, in its resolution 59/174, proclaimed the Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People and requested the Secretary-General to appoint the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs as the Coordinator for the Second Decade.
(b) Statements as submitted to the executing agency's External Auditors were provided by:
16. One way to strengthen the relevance of the guidance provided by the Council, and thus its impact, is through more intense preparations.
5. Latin American and Caribbean region
The remaining 30 per cent of the resources of the Fund covered the costs of the network of offices in 19 countries, agency support costs and a share of headquarters expenses.
(a) The broad principles for the determination of the conditions of service of the staff;
103. Mr. Zahran (Egypt), referring to paragraph 47, said that the word "urges" in the second sentence should be replaced by the word "encourages", as the conclusion of additional protocols was not mandatory, but depended on the judgement and sovereign right of States.
 379. The President of CCISUA noted that the issue of the ad hoc measures for the Rome post adjustment centred on the legal issue of the delegation of authority and it should have been solved in that context.
The telescreen had changed over to strident military music.
It further urges the State party to strengthen existing complaints mechanisms, such as the Special Department on Citizen Rights to which the delegation referred, which had been created to hear complaints from women and men whose rights had allegedly been violated.
9. At the 56th meeting, on 13 December, the Chairman of the Working Group, Mr. Jos Ayala Lasso (Ecuador), introduced the report of the Working Group (A/C.3/48/L.85).
Then she took the car and went down town.
He's right, I thought, this is dumb. I stayed under the awning for a few more minutes as I considered retreating into the warmth of my apartment.
73. A critical factor in meeting the challenge of ensuring food security in developing countries is human resource development through knowledge-building and information-sharing.
An orange resembles a grapefruit.
:: With respect to the participation of NGOs in the work of UN organs, Resolution 1996/31 of the Economic and Social Council, a consultative organ, defined a general framework.
Chile
Except for some selected waivers granted in April-May 2004 in the context of investigation against leaders of the Kosovo Liberation Army, no progress was made.
In paragraph 4 of its resolution 1989/114, the Council decided that the thematic analyses should review existing activities and be forward-looking in identifying policy options and gave further guidelines for their presentation.
Please also provide information on the availability of health and social services, as well as shelters, to victims.
Whatever the accusation against the persons concerned, these cases amount to violations of the right to life and physical integrity and the right to due process, given the summary nature of the proceedings against the accused.
The Board would be regularly informed of the details of the project at key milestones in the context of scope, time, budget and quality, and on how to proceed after certain predetermined stages have been reached.
ODA that is already lined up for the planning period, should be included under resources available.
On some of the western slopes almost 200 inches of rain fall each year
We are not trying to undercut the opposition.
This the conference is indicating the beginning of new period.
The Committee was informed that the deployment of the learning management module will begin with a pilot in late 2010.
They piled wood onto the bonfire until the flames roared.
(g) On the malnutrition front, efforts will focus on guaranteeing food security (PRSP 1, February 2004, pages 41 and 42).
(a) ODA severed the accountability link between the State and its people.
The new mandate stipulated that the reports should include the following:
Sergeant Sanderson and a small Delta team are moving from Steele 's position to the crash site as we speak.
Such obstruction on the part of States which claim to fight international terrorism can only be construed as effectively fostering terrorism and its perpetrators.
Everything's falling apart.
President Shimon Peres, who, unlike Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, is skeptical of the utility of an attack on Iran’s nuclear installations, spoke of the “threat of extermination” facing Israel.
Reports of International Arbitral Awards, vol.
Composed of 37 directors of National Meteorological or Hydrometeorological Services, it meets at least once a year to implement the programmes approved by Congress and review the activities of the Organization.
Allergic reaction to amalgam is very rare. Within 150 years of usage, there were only 100 documented cases. This type of patients should use other filling materials.
Visit the world-famous British Museum, the British Queen's Palace, Windsor Castle;
Furthermore, while Latvia was not a successor State of the Soviet Union, it had granted the special privileged status of non-citizen to former Soviet citizens living in the country, ensuring their preferential access to the naturalization process.
As part of this project to consolidate the rule of law and develop a cohesive and integrated vision of society, action has been taken on several fronts with a view to safeguarding human dignity and ensuring respect for universal and indivisible human rights.
Anyway, Im writing because Im inviting some friends over for dinner and I thought you might also like to join us
(c) Disability and accessibility.
(b) Amnesty
There is a big gay community in San Francisco.
Actual 2005: no unscheduled legislative elections
A great deal of this has been happening in the Great Barrier Reef, particularly in coral reefs all over the world.
Moreover, a strict separation between and independence of different administrative units is needed in order to avoid the appropriation of key positions within different institutions by corrupt networks.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its fiftieth session
In this respect, we would recall that the resolution adopted on the Middle East in the 1995 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) was part of a package that linked the extension of the Treaty and the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East.
3. Deinstitutionalization
The agreement has enabled the involvement of indigenous peoples in project design, employment, environmental protection, social security and cultural protection measures.
Even in the event that proceedings were initiated, the Court could argue that there is no denial of right to social security and that section 10 of the Racial Discrimination Act does not operate with respect to provisions of Commonwealth law which may have an indirect effect on a person's right.
Its activities have been instrumental especially for the new democracies that emerged after the cold war.
A 2007 revision of the delegation of authority on core requirements states that if goods or services required are available through already established United Nations Headquarters systems contracts, these contracts should be used.
Most African countries have adopted value added taxes and several have instituted transfer pricing legislation.
52. Mr. Ahounou (Côte d’Ivoire), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
4. A number of isolated incursions by the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA), the South Sudan Police Service and the Sudanese Armed Forces were also reported within the UNISFA area of responsibility.
One might be described as "the dilemma of normalization".
While appreciating the increase in the number of months of parental leave, the Committee is concerned that the low benefit level of the parental leave may not encourage great numbers of fathers to avail themselves of that leave.
There are approximately 300 line items in each contract for the various specifications for the type of rations, which require constant review of standards, specifications and updates to ensure that the missions get the best products and services from these contracts at competitive prices.
Economic growth in Apec member countries is likely to drop from an expected 5 per cent this year to 4.3 per cent next, reflecting a slowdown in the US amid high oil prices and rising interest rates, according to the PECC's annual “State of the Region” report
Succession
Mád
 The following parts of the draft optional protocol have been considered by the working group: introductory part; definitions; implementation of pertinent instruments (preamble); penalization, compensation and protection of children; international cooperation and coordination; assistance and rehabilitation; information, education and participation; and other matters.
 339. The United Nations system should consider and provide appropriate technical assistance and other forms of assistance to the countries with economies in transition in order to facilitate solution of their specific problems regarding the advancement of women.
Mr. De Alba (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Permit me at the outset to introduce the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/60/L.11, entitled "United Nations conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers in the context of nuclear disarmament".
11. The source of the crisis had been multidimensional, stemming from financial liberalization, a build-up of macroeconomic imbalances, and increased volatility and vulnerabilities associated with greater globalization.
Census 1991 (%)
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over the sea off Naqurah. It circled over the sea between Sidon and Naqurah before leaving at 1840 hours over the sea off Naqurah.
A child rights monitoring centre had also been established to prevent child trafficking, child prostitution and child pornography.
Action on all draft resolutions and decisions submitted under agenda items
On 7 November, the Panel convened a plenary meeting of senior SPLM and NCP representatives in Khartoum and presented them with a draft "framework for resolving outstanding issues relating to the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the future relations of North and South Sudan".
Bilingual Senior Secretary (G-6) (to be paid from VC)
As regards the risk of being subjected to ill-treatment if returned to Turkey, he stated that the Turkish authorities would recognize him, even if he had stopped his activities for the PRK; that, at worst, he would be called up for military service; that he would risk imprisonment, for 12 years, to serve the remainder of his 1988 sentence, and/or for 7 years, if the Turkish authorities charged him with having led the PRK in Turkey; and that he would be subjected to enforced disappearance.
33. Subject to the views and recommendations expressed in the present report, the Advisory Committee recommends that the General Assembly take note of the progress made since the issuance of the fourth progress report and that it request the Secretary-General to continue to report on the status of IPSAS implementation projects in the Secretariat and across the United Nations system.
The Council was also addressed by the President of the International Center for Transitional Justice, David Tolbert, on how to better achieve accountability for crimes against children in armed conflict.
Brand and packaging design is inspired by the shape of the funnel and pouring.
The frequency of disasters, whether natural or human-made, in the Asia-Pacific region conclusively shows that disasters affect women and men differently.
The High-level United Nations Conference on South-South Cooperation, held in Nairobi from 1 to 3 December 2009, emphasized that South-South cooperation is not a substitute for, but is complementary to North-South cooperation and that South-South cooperation is an important element of international cooperation for development.
20. A nearly equal number of respondents indicated that their statistical collection includes the following breakdowns: by existence of a link between the victim of violent crime and the offender; by agency receiving reports; and by legal property involved.
1. In its resolution 59/196, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its sixty-first session a report on the state of regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights.
New Partnership for Africa's Development
if the service quality at a service node deteriorates, the network service quality at the node is put under control.
9 January 1991
The European Union High Representative Javier Solana has requested the European Union Special Representative for the South Caucasus, Ambassador Heikki Talvitie, to visit Tbilisi shortly to assess how the European Union may best assist the new leadership.
How did yon find business conditions in British Columbia?
Finally he put in a call to God; when God got on the phone, the man said, God, why do women cry so easily?
The Seine play important role in the naissance and developments of Paris.
No one has loved me like you.
 The Committee believes that savings of such magnitude (37.8 per cent of appropriations) should have been more extensively justified.
37. The following key messages emerged from the debate:
The analytical and statistical activities of the United Nations system generally complement those of other international organizations, thus providing policy makers with a broader range of analysis and viewpoints than would otherwise be available.
53. UNAMA is monitoring the activities of the previously mentioned Detention Release Committee established by the Government of Afghanistan following the Peace Jirga held in June to review cases of suspected insurgents detained without evidence or charge.
IV.105 The Advisory Committee notes from the supplementary information that the overall amount of $274,000 proposed for consultant services in 2014-2015 represents a net increase of $62,900, or 29.8 per cent, compared with the 2012-2013 resources at revised rates.
But with fuel prices rising and China's overall economy slowing, the automobile market is increasingly expected to cool.
The purpose of the organization is to abolish the criminalization and penalization of prostitutes; the regulation or legalization of prostitution by public authorities; and trafficking in humans, which is considered as a crime against humanity.
This is my rest for ever: here will I dwell; for I have desired it.
35. The measures contained in the programming document "Priorities and Proceedings of the Government in the Enforcement of Equality between Men and Women" were reviewed annually.
By raising this Susan up, we will forgive ourselves grinding every other Susan into the dust.
But Arsenal is a hard team to beat.
Your face needs washing.
And this was supposed to be my opportunity, But I know I'll show at new york fashion week someday.
 Neither the United Nations, the specialized agencies, the Bretton Woods institutions nor the regional development banks have many women in decision-making positions, either in government delegations or in the secretariats themselves.
During the ensuing interactive dialogue, the representative of Ireland (on behalf of the European Union) addressed questions to the Special Representative, to which he responded.
IVY: But they aren't as light, right?
These become the routine, expected events that provide the support for recognition - based information processing.
BANK CHARGES: All suspendk charges outside China will be on the f_ webull crapet up poker chips of the Sellers.
33. Secondly, the High-level Meeting on the Least Developed Countries, held in September 2006 had concluded that, five years after the adoption of the Programme, the majority of least developed countries still suffered from poverty, hunger and disease.
The farmer lived far away from the city and they went through a forest, crossed tow rivers and a mountain.
We suggest you write a power of attorney to give us authorization.
Expected number of transferred JAB/JDC and UNAT and new cases pending as at 30 June 2010a
(a) Ensure women's equal participation in constitution-drafting processes and adopt gender-sensitive mechanisms for public participation in and input into such processes;
The case is being prosecuted by a local prosecutor.
Melting ice has opened up the fabled Northwest Passage, which runs through an archipelago of islands in northern Canada.
12. “Staff become focus of United Nations modernization”, feature article (November 1998, English, French and Spanish)
In light of the considerable progress made in the planning of embargo inspections as a result of the work of the consultant, the presence of at least one permanent customs expert in UNOCI would help to ensure a better approach in terms of the selection and targeting of inspections.
Students studying abroad who hold an expired common service passport or a common service passport for one exit-entry trip may be permitted to extend or renew their passports.
Those include infrastructure, agriculture and food security, education and training, manufacturing, health, information and communication technologies and entrepreneurship development.
Proper diagnosis is available, and infected individuals can make a full recovery, if provided with the means to do so.
Furthermore, a bank account opened in one country had not been disclosed in the UNDCP accounts, although transactions of approximately $25 million had been routed through the account. Only the year-end balance had been entered in the general ledger.
49. Minority issues frequently exist in local or regional contexts.
Lastly, he underlined his Government's efforts to harmonize national legislation, particularly in the fields of human rights, environmental protection and finance, with the various rules and international standards adopted by the European Union and the Council of Europe.
D . Orders incurring revenue over $ 100, 000 would be considered projects and would involve project management.
As will be seen from the table below, insured persons of both sexes in the agriculture sector accounted for under 1.2 per cent of all participants, a total of 1,493 of them being women, while the largest number of insured persons was found in the "other services" sector, with 148,987 participants.
Articles 7 and 8 of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court include rape and sexual violence among the crimes against humanity and war crimes.
COUNTRY RAPPORTEURS FOR REPORTS OF STATES PARTIES SIXTY-EIGHTH AND SIXTY-NINTH SESSIONS
When visiting New York city , the tourist should take a boat ride around Manhatton to familiarize himself with the city .
The national exemption sign which was printed on the food products and its pack will ineffective from Wednesday
Togo
Recalling the ECOWAS Moratorium on the Importation, Exportation and Manufacture of Small Arms and Light Weapons in West Africa adopted in Abuja on 31 October 1998 (S/1998/1194, annex), and its extension from 5 July 2001 (S/2001/700),
Missing a few hours of sleep on occasion isnt the end of the world, because its easy to make up the sleep with no lasting side effects.
In the mining and milling industry in Quebec, the average fibre concentrations in air often exceeded 20 fibres/ml (f/ml) in the 1970s, while they are now generally well below 1 f/ml.
Service of Judicial Documents between Mainland and HKSAR Effective (26-03-1999)
Which way will this floating bottle go in the sea?
Korea Freedom League (special, 2002) to Korea Freedom Federation
[Recognizing that many developing country Parties have already taken early and sustained action to reduce their emissions growth, developing country Parties shall continue to contribute to enhanced international mitigation action by pursuing NAMAs, supported and enabled by technology, financing and capacity-building from developed country Parties and other Parties included in Annex II to the Convention.
WE PRODUCE AND EXPORT INDUCTION COOKER, SMALL TEA STOVE, PRESSURE COOKER, ICE MAKER. WELCOME TO CONTACT US.
Meetings which the United Nations Office at Nairobi Conference Service plans to service during the second half of 2000
Measures taken to ensure rural women’s rights and interests
He is parading his knowledge.
Therefore, we the participants in the seminar call upon:
 On the basis of this additional deployment of volunteers, the requirement under international civilian staff has been reduced for both this six-month period and the following six-month period, as shown in annex VI.
"There is a divergence of opinion among researchers about the number of people who are experiencing homelessness in the course of a year," Mangano "Some say it might be as high as one percent of the US population (three million people); others say it might be as high as two million."
43. Several countries expressed their interest in the availability of standard indicators and how they would be elaborated.
Venue and dates of the eleventh session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
The question in this case is whether there is any valid justification for the distinction made between candidates on the grounds that they belong to a particular sex.
The organizations concerned include: the Ministry of Social Development; the National Council for Family Affairs; the Jordan River Foundation; the Family Protection Department of the Directorate of General Security; and the National Centre for Legal Medicine of the Ministry of Health.
Those obligations were being mainstreamed into the tenth national development plan for the period 2009-2016.
The different bargaining skills and strategies employed by women and men also influence the amount of pay they receive and thus have an impact on the pay gap among employees not covered by collective agreements.
A great divide appears to have opened up, based not so much on income, education, or gender as on the voters’ generation.
It happened that where the Prince's father lay buried, there grew a rose tree--a most beautiful rose tree, which blossomed only once in every five years, and even then bore only one flower, but that was a rose!
It was highlighted that an internal decentralization of donors' financial allocations is making it difficult for some developed country focal points to report on assistance to development.
Weather radar images
Sometimes we get so busy and caught up in daily life that we forget to be grateful.
60. Mr. Castellon (Nicaragua) said that his delegation shared the concerns that had been expressed over the Organization's peacekeeping activities.
As at 19 July 2006, 23 per cent of certificates had not been received but represented only 5 per cent of the total payments.
Until it does, we have no stake in Tomorrow, for it is yet unborn.
Sociality Contradictions in the Merchant of Venice and the Tactics in Its Teaching
4. The Fifth Committee of the General Assembly considered the report of the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee during the resumed fifty-ninth session of the Assembly in March 2005.
(iii) Reduction or elimination of bank charges to pensioners wherever possible;
I am very hungry now; may I go to have some foods please? And then I have to go to shopping.
The little bar is actually a stone boat and sits on a lake with a small stage extending over the water and tables spread along the banks, a surprisingly serene, pastoral setting right in the middle of downtown Beijing.
The participation of women is also disproportionately high.
Mr. Ioan Maxim (Romania) 2000
The school fee abolition initiative, initially launched by UNICEF and the World Bank, was designed to support policies to ensure access to quality basic education by removing or reducing cost barriers for parents and households.
One step in the transition from the ancient and simple view of the matter to the theological or metaphysical explanations of later days is marked by the early Greek notion of an inherited curse.
In spite of the sometimes technical nature of the topics, they manage to make their shows very accessible and easy to listen to.
A summary of the main findings from work undertaken by the secretariat in preparing the baseline estimates report and the first progress report is set out in the annex to the present note.
Those jeans will shrink in the wash.
Poultry hauling equipment likewise can disseminate infectious material. This appearance is typical of lymphangitic spread of lymphoma.
She accidentally splashed paint on the flood.
These we will take up tonight.
Share his house, his meals. Speak on every subject.
Your inner charm and attractiveness comes out in new ways, and your love will be incredibly satisfying.
60. Sustaining returns requires that UNHCR works in partnership with other United Nations agencies to develop a coherent common strategy within the overarching national development framework to support national recovery efforts of States.
Bus, light
Mister Sinister
True, certain pro-Israeli organizations, notably the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), can generate a great deal of money to make or break political candidates, who are judged solely on their attitudes towards Israel.
Developed countries should support developing countries with financing and technology transfer for the development of infrastructure, communications systems and other prerequisites for sustainable agricultural development.
This, at least for us, is an indication that a similar procedure could be followed in future sessions with equal success and, more important, without compromising the Legal Subcommittee's ability to deal with the substantive items of its agenda.
The solution is elegant and unexpected: new arrivals should go directly to the front, to be served immediately after the current customer.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "Supporting efforts to end obstetric fistula" (under agenda item 60) (Third Committee) (convened by the delegation of Senegal)
Croatia
And he's here with us right now.
Senior Treasury Negotiator, United States Department of the Treasury
2018–19 Phoenix Suns season
The widespread temples, numerous monks and frequent religious activities consumed a huge amount of manpower and the greater part of material wealth in Tibet, greatly hindering the development of the productive forces there.
Tanzanian hinterland here in width grass green grass, Linquan matched, the environment beautiful.
In that context, AOSIS wished to express its appreciation for the initiatives taken by a number of countries, particularly for the support provided by Norway to the Small Island Developing States unit of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs; by Norway and Italy to the Small Island Developing States Network (SIDSNET); by the United States to AOSIS, for the projects submitted for donor consideration by small island developing states; and by Singapore, for technical training activities in sectors linked to the Barbados Programme of Action.
273. In response, it was said that the proposal was not intended to affect the carrier's right to reject information that did not meet the requirements needed for any customs clearances or relating to security.
Draft
II. Background information and activities of the Committee
2. The independent expert was appointed by the Secretary-General in April 2004, and submitted a statement to the Commission (E/CN.4/2004/102/Add.1, annex).
Mr. Eliasson's election is yet another indication of the success of Swedish diplomacy in the service of the United Nations and of universal peace and development.
Application for Certificate of Origin Form A should be made on application form TIC 185B (Rev.). No EDI service is available for application of Certificate of Origin Form A.
All suspicious deaths should be investigated and the deceased identified.
Noting with satisfaction that the Commission at its sixteenth session undertook an in-depth evaluation of progress in implementing Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, focusing on the thematic cluster of issues on agriculture, rural development, land, drought, desertification and Africa, taking into account the interlinkages as well as addressing the cross-cutting issues, and identified best practices, constraints and obstacles in the process of implementation,
Joseph does not even seem to have pitied himself.
General Assembly
Article 14. Extension in time of the breach of an international obligation
A year ago, 11 of his students earned scholarships to four - year colleges.
Since we are mortals, friendships are best kept to a moderate level, rather than sharing the very depths of our souls.
14 March 1985
Earth's vibration is increasing to where it will be untenable for all but those of the 4th Dimension and higher frequencies.
If there are no more questions, thank you!
:: Responses from staff serving in difficult duty stations, by gender
Thus we can soar above the storm like the eagles.
Containing the full collection of 2008 special stamps, souvenir sheets and stamp sheetlets, this elegant hard cover album makes a precious memento as well as a delightful gift.
How then can our works and thoughts, if they are always to be fittest, continue always the same
Fourth chapter in detail analyzed the channel present situation of the Honghe Company.
This could include supporting the mainstreaming of gender perspectives into programme portfolios, supporting improved knowledge on the status of women in individual countries and leading country teams in improving accountability, including the tracking of investments.
The Government and people of China have always treated them well and provided them with necessary assistance and have found satisfactory solutions to some of the cases in accordance with domestic law, international law and humanitarian principles.
Hungary
Michelle will tell you that when we get together for Christmas or Thanksgiving, it's like a little mini-United Nations, he said.
God is always the last resource. Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance
63. At the same meeting, the Chairman made a closing statement and declared the second session of the Preparatory Committee closed.
Objective : To identify the commercial Chinese medicines turtle shell and tortoise plastron.
Lysander: I don't love her at all. For me, she is just a black raven, and you are a white dove.
“Bearing in mind that developing countries and countries with economies in transition may lack the resources for developing and implementing treaties on mutual assistance in criminal matters,
After surgery treated for spine deformation and nerve compression, local chemotherapy could prevent them recurrence.
83. In transitional post-conflict situations, the United Nations should have a dedicated structure or mechanism to focus on coordinated assistance to be provided for justice systems and related institutions of such countries, including those needed to address gender justice requirements.
The Executive Secretary requested that the Governing Council members carefully review the issues placed before the Council for deliberation and provide appropriate guidance and recommendations.
We further maintain the need for all members of the Commission to fulfil their obligations in relation to arms control and disarmament and to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons in all its aspects.
During the course of a debate, the President may announce the list of speakers and, with the consent of the Conference, declare the list closed.
134. On 15 December, it was reported that there were indications of a compromise with respect to the release of prisoners.
Objective: To evaluate the value of early tubal pregnancy diagnosis with transvaginal ultrasound(TVS).
The doctor does not mind me /my eating a little meat occasionally
 54. Many indigenous peoples were still denied their human rights and fundamental freedoms.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/62/L.57 without a vote (see para. 13, draft resolution I).
Moreover children will have less time to play and communicate with their peers due to extra studies consequently it is difficult to develop and cultivate their character and interpersonal skills.
70. The representative of the Russian Federation stated that the Russian delegation had asked that the item "Host country travel regulations" be included in the agenda of the 225th meeting so that the delegation could express its grave concern about the restrictions on movement on the territory of the United States for staff of the Russian Mission and those citizens of the Russian Federation working at the Secretariat.
"Give me your hand," said the doctor.
" She took my hand and looked up at me.
Participants noted that there should be increased efforts to address the development of GNSS applications in the field of navigation, mobility management and disaster response, along with GNSS surveying applications.
(a) One P-5 Senior Programme Officer post, to function as Secretary for the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and to provide substantive support to the Under-Secretary-General as convener of the Executive Committee;
Mr. TELL (France) understood the concerns of the representative of Germany, because the European Union Convention on Insolvency Proceedings, article 17, provided that recognition produced the same effects as under the law of the State where proceedings were opened, unless otherwise provided.
Under-Secretary-General, Executive Director of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme
On 3 June, in a statement to the press from the President of the Council, the members of the Council condemned in the strongest possible terms the attack against employees of the Russian Embassy in Baghdad on 3 June 2006, which had resulted in the killing of one embassy employee and the kidnapping of four others, including a diplomat.
7. The General Assembly, by its resolution 61/250 of 22 December 2006, authorized the Secretary-General to enter into commitments in a total amount not exceeding $257,340,400 for the expansion of the Force for the period from 1 July 2006 to 31 March 2007, inclusive of the amount of $50 million previously authorized by the Advisory Committee under the terms of section IV of General Assembly resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994 and in addition to the amount of $97,579,600 already appropriated for the period from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007 under the terms of its resolution 60/278.
The technical expert group also developed a draft list of proposed actions for implementing the framework in the short and medium term.
Strong commitment in individual career development by performance driven awareness.
Agreement was expressed with the broad policy underlying subparagraph (f).
Monte Cristo raised his eyes, but he could not see the heavens; there was a stone veil between him and the firmament.
Therefore, it is possible to fabricate PCs whose band gap range is from the near-infrared to visible wave band.
The experience of appointing the Resident Coordinator as the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General, supported by an integrated task force at United Nations Headquarters, allowed the development community to work closely with peacekeepers in a mutually supportive fashion; this helped to strengthen coherence and coordination in dealing with transition issues and those relating to the reconstruction of the country.
List of islands of Africa
For these reasons, the Committee considered that the victim did not have access to an effective remedy, which constituted a violation of article 2, paragraph 3, in relation to articles 3, 7 and 17 of the Covenant.
Diving developed further as an athletic discipline in 17 th - century acrobaticswater.
Specific exemption(s) for use as provided by the Convention: (Multiple selections possible)
The aircraft carrier that is a huge body of " live targets. "
57. In particular, UNIFEM will: (a) finalize a multi-tiered evaluation strategy for the United Nations Trust Fund to End Violence (building on its initial partnership with the World Bank) and identify select initiatives that merit greater investment for scaling up or replication; (b) invest more intensively in impact evaluating and documenting the process of replication and "upscaling" to understand how they function in stimulating greater investment in gender equality; and (c) advocate for scaling up the results of partnerships currently in place.
PC
200. The NCRE will be offered in eight occupational groups in 2010.
ridiculous what a ridiculous idea !
RISO : distributed belief networks - RISO : distributed, heterogeneous belief networks.
20 July 1998
Where the reasons are increased or the evidence is supplemented after the expiry of the time limit, the Patent Re-examination Board need not take the request into account.
44. In 2008 UNIFEM supported efforts to: improve capacity in formal and non-informal justice systems to strengthen gender justice in Afghanistan, Bolivia, Burundi, Morocco, and Viet Nam; provide human rights-based knowledge or training for judicial actors in 10 countries; and increase women's access to legal assistance in nine countries.
17. An impact assessment of early recovery activities was undertaken in 2009 to assess the extent to which the affected population has been able to recover from the impact of Cyclone Nargis.
The circumstances of the reorganization of the enterprise shall be reported to the congress of the staff and workers of the enterprise and its opinion shall be heeded.
Polaroid was a genuine American technology success story.
 (4) In the settlement area of the Sorbian people the Sorbian language shall be included in public labelling.
If ur Aaron's fans, come n join this fans club la!
"The General Assembly,
How often am I supposed to take this pill?
For instance, the Office of the Human Rights Procurator of Guatemala supports training at the Police Academy, facilitates workshops in police stations and supports courses for police officers seeking promotion.
AHWGR Ad Hoc Working Group on Reporting
Of all the factors limiting the achievement of such objectives, the reduction of poverty is undoubtedly the one that must first be overcome through a strategy of sustainable development.
The second considers mainly legal but also some practical dilemmas relating to implementation.
The Committee's related conclusions and recommendations were contained in paragraphs 146 to 159 of its report.
The boss gave him an ultimatum to work out a new proposal by the end of week.
You really think seeing his ex - girl is going to be tops on his list?
(c) In the absence of evidence referred to in subparagraphs (a) and (b), any other evidence acceptable to the court of the existence of the foreign proceeding and of the appointment of the foreign representative.
Poland at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships
Furthermore, the limited network bandwidth and load capability shared by the many control loops lead to decrease the performance of control system and instability.
“Furthermore, with regard to the cooperation agreements signed between BP and other companies associated with Ecopetrol and the Ministry of Defence, these originated as a result of the threats, attacks, extortion and kidnapping of Ecopetrol officials by subversive elements which had declared the oil infrastructure, including that of Ecopetrol, to be a military objective.
He sent her a love letter via E-mail.
However, many of these functions had parts which were still being performed in the missions, resulting in broken lines of responsibility.
IV. Review of the geopolitical and security situation in Central Africa
The ongoing siege has been effected through the repeated reoccupation of Palestinian areas by the Israeli occupying forces, specifically in the West Bank.
In the ground floor there are larger public spaces.
You cannot surprise us both, Angel of Death.
In the future, record filing of capital construction projects within the areas of protection units of cultural relics and ancient sites of cultural relics already registered after general survey for protection and in controlled construction belts has to seek the views of the departments of administration of cultural relics which shall take part in the examination and approval of the proposals of design for the protection of cultural relics such as site selection of the construction projects; expenditures for the protection of cultural relics, archaeological investigations, explorations and excavations should be included in the investment budget of construction projects.
Finally, for those who truly cannot pay, there are viable options for bringing quality journalism to low-income households.
Members of the sub-committee also attending the press conference believed public engagement was vital to build a harbour-front for public enjoyment and the HER project was designed for this purpose. It was hoped that a consensus could be reached.
Broad multi-stakeholder engagement will be necessary, in a renewed and dynamic global partnership for development, based on co-creation and genuine exchange.
20 May 2002
The meeting rose at 1 p.m.
27. In 2012, the World Urban Campaign facilitated the launch of the "I'm a city changer" campaigns in several cities in order to raise awareness of urban issues.
Each government government has its own requirements for military service after students graduate.
SPACE Community College, The University of Hong Kong (Associate Degree Programmes)
Section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management
These rites involve rituals, ranging from seclusion and general isolation of the widow to actual causing of physical harm to the widow.
16. CEDAW was concerned that media and advertising are increasingly becoming pornographic and that the over-sexualized depiction of women strengthens the existing stereotypes of women as sex objects, and girls' low self-esteem.
195. The preschool enrolment doubled between 2000 and 2007 for both girls and boys.
A preliminary study will be presented at the third session of the Conference and the final product will be available by June 2010.
3. Representatives are reminded to submit draft resolutions sufficiently in advance so that Member States will have adequate time to examine them.
611.75 kilometres
6. President's annual allowance
19. With regard to New York, for the period 1 May 2004 to 30 April 2005, 100 per cent of the 865 requests for meetings without interpretation were granted.
Hematopoietic stem cells known as pluripotent stem cells, present in the hematopoietic tissue in a group of primitive hematopoietic cells.
Also, all other options using existing United Nations machinery and procedures intended for enhancing the peaceful settlement of disputes remain available independent of this Service.
Of course, we need to react to the difficult situation along the whole of the drugs trafficking route running from Afghanistan, but without strict, stringent measures to eradicate drug crops we will only be treating the symptoms.
Could they enter any of its doors while the whole party of Indians was plunged in a drunken sleep or was it safer to attempt to make a hole in the walls
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 30 June 2006
Among the few survivors would have been animals living in water or burrowed in the ground like turtles, small mammals and crocodiles.
Actual 2008: 90 per cent
Other adjustments to reserves and fund balances
Henry's works of art are superior in many respects to those of his brother's.
In addition, the requirements for daily rations do not include provision for bottled water, since water-purification systems have been installed to supply the Mission with clean drinking water.
What is required from us today is a fundamental change in our quest to achieve a just and comprehensive peace in the area.
Newly developed fire resistant steels improve their elevated - temperature strength, thus reducing fire - resistant coating.
Don't ask me what I'm feeling. Just ask me what I'm thinking.
:: Periodic statements (monthly or as relevant) on the security situation in Somalia and audiovisual production for broadcast on security issues, especially disengagement and de-radicalization
El Salvador
Wishing to promote cooperation between the United Nations and the Hague Conference on Private International Law,
States must ensure that arrest or detention does not disproportionately affect those living in poverty.
The acquisition must still be approved by the U.S. central bank, the Federal Reserve
I can see that you are already a terrific teacher, a masterful mentor and a super sponsor. You will make a fantastic coach!
(To be available soon) -->
He let his head fall on his arm and abandoned himself to grief.
(e) Promoting the use of the gender mainstreaming strategy in all policies and programmes and intergovernmental processes, facilitating inter-agency collaboration and monitoring the development of policies, methodologies and tools;
I discovered that there is no shortage of hard-up, desperate or some might say greedy people, ready to cash in on the booming fertility business.
273. The Committee considered the third periodic report of Cyprus on the rights covered by articles 1 to 15 of the Covenant (E/1994/104/Add.12), along with the written replies to the list of issues, at its 34th to 36th meetings, held on 18 and 19 November 1998 and, at its 55th meeting on 3 December 1998, adopted the following concluding observations.
The story soon got around.
It was pointed out that the Uniform Rules should equally apply, for example, where electronic signatures were used in the submission of statements or other documents to public administrations.
Typhoid is an example of a notifiable disease.
We need to work together.Only by doing so can we protect the interests of all consumers.
Skepticism is the antidote for the confirmation bias.
- The exchange of information between the security services of neighbouring countries and the organization of joint border operations;
Psychographics
 It is not part of the European Union's plan to see the unsatisfactory status quo maintained; that is why we have already suggested an alternative approach to overcoming Bosnian Serb obstinacy, which continues to be the main obstacle to a peaceful settlement.
But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring.
The final key risk facing the world concerns currency.
At its third meeting, convened in September 1995, three years after the Convention entered into force, the Conference of the Parties received a study evaluating the effectiveness of the Basel Convention.
A number of attendees, in a clear attempt to sabotage his speech, booed and heckled relentlessly.
Features: high fire resistance, sound insulation and high strength.
Agencies of the United Nations system, particularly the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Environment Programme, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) and the Food and Agricultural Organization, may, upon request by the developing countries, assist them in developing national action plans and strategies to deal with climate change, particularly with adaptation and in identifying their capacity-building, technology and financing needs, including the capacity to avail themselves of funding opportunities offered by the Clean Development Mechanism and other available mechanisms.
The valley that we are trying to reach lies behind the next hill.
The main technical assistance partners will be the Statistics Division, international and regional partner institutions, and national statistical offices or other national institutions and experts having advanced knowledge and expertise in the field.
Report on the implementation of the "modified system for allocation of regular resources for programmes" approved by the Executive Board in 1997 (2008/15) (D)
S/Agenda/4666 Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Frameworks and governance structures should be created to attract resources (ICC);
This Programme, created by the Ministry of Education, produced the first inventory of secondary education.
earthquake resistant design 5.1.1) earthquake resistant design code
Ask your client to list the deal points. This can be in the form of a list, outline or narration
The new religion spread quickly, although the people held on to some aspects of Zoroastrianism and certain other religions (Buddhism, Manichaeism and Nestorian Christianity).
Strategy
Staff costs
But I've heard enough
Since the Israeli occupation of the Syrian Golan in 1967, the international community has consistently maintained its forceful rejection of that occupation, demanding that occupying Israeli forces should be withdrawn from all of the Syrian Golan.
It was suggested that the title of the provision should be "general obligations" or possibly "obligations in respect of the goods".
This situation, in his view, undermined any plans to develop tourism in the Territory.
15. Mr. Camponovo (United States of America) said that his delegation was joining the consensus on the draft resolution on the understanding that the draft in no way encouraged States to restrict the freedom of expression and of opinion. The best way to fight pernicious ideas was through discussion and criticism, not through repression.
Under 24 hours a 50% charge may be levied. 24 We want you to have a good holiday
Manavata (special, 2012)
Delegations wishing to make statements available for the media are kindly requested to deliver 50 copies to the Media Documents Centre (room S-394).
The Secretariat and WHO elaborated and published the Guidance Manual on the Preparation of National Health-care Waste Management Plans in Sub-Saharan Countries, to harmonize the different viewpoints and to develop a common approach for the preparation of national health-care waste management plans that address both the health and waste management dimensions (available in French and English).
Subprogramme 3. Transport
We believe that the limit on UNCITRAL membership to 60 States, coupled with diminished participation of observers, would result in politicization of the process for the election of member States to the Commission. This development could have a number of negative impacts on the effectiveness of the Commission and the quality of its work.
A study on the taxonomic system of Chinese Loganiaceae.
Request for an extension of the deadline for completing the destruction of anti-personnel mines in accordance with article 5 of the Convention.
Sixty-fifth session
The guidelines on treaty monitoring bodies filled the gap resulting from the unsuccessful attempts to include such provisions in the 1969 Vienna Convention.
Study on the Flowered Process of Honeysuckle and it's Regulation by Gibberelin and Boron Element
Room 10 Subject
S/AC.50/2008/34
All had already been sent home. A nurse approached the Subcommittee confidentially to say there had in fact been 20 injured people, and showed a list of names and injuries.
The second pattern of sharing data is similar to the first and uses a common database.
Consequently, it is imperative that the Organization be prepared to continue its critical operations at all times, including when facing critical incidents or interruptions that can result from a number of accidental, malicious or environmental events such as: (a) terrorist attacks; (b) sudden-onset disasters (e.g., flooding, earthquakes, hurricanes); (c) fire; (d) power outages; (e) armed conflict/civil unrest; (f) organized or deliberate disruptions; (g) system and/or equipment failures; (h) human error.
Although much of the military training and reform assistance will be bilateral or multilateral (AFISM-CAR), BINUCA must work with the Government and other partners to advise them on the development of a holistic plan for security sector reform that includes civilian oversight mechanisms and to assist with the coordination of international support.
Based on consumer price indices, post adjustment multipliers promulgated and actual versus budgeted cost-of-living adjustments
Noise cancellation is very important in signal processing, Adaptive noise cancellation technique can eliminate background noise in effect.
It recalls that all persons responsible for such violations will be brought to justice.
Employers that employ new workers must advertise job vacancies publicly.
He was delirious from fever.
The situation with regard to journalists and its implications for media independence and freedom was highlighted when a list of journalists who have been threatened because of their critical views of Kurdistan Regional Government policy was recently publicized.
The Czech Republic is also considered in a better position.
These are, in fact, the responsibility of the State because Governments are accountable to their people, whereas markets are not.
The most important of the OIOS recommendations was to streamline procurement procedures for contract amendments, giving the Executive Director the authority to spend up to a pre-approved contingency sum for each guaranteed maximum price contract.
Raising awareness of relevant legislation to ensure that scientists do not fail to comply through ignorance of the existence or scope of the legislation;
The three principles of national reunification are as follows:
Criminal justice agencies, working together with, as appropriate, child protection, social welfare, health and education agencies and civil society organizations, should develop effective violence prevention programmes as part of both broader crime prevention programmes and initiatives to build a protective environment for children.
The Program has two major components: 1) Technology Program for Micro and Small Scale Enterprises; and b) Mindanao S&T Human Resources Development Program.
In practice, however, such losses are the exception to the rule, and most companies which use risk management markets do so rather successfully; very few, if any, have halted this use because of these large losses by other companies.
It is of good weather resistant texture, which is soft to the touch, not harsh.
8. The general principles for establishing guidelines for exposure limits, including the setting of safety factors, needs to be harmonized and described.
 The questions of regional security, water and above all the refugees cannot be resolved without direct reference to the neighbouring States.
The impact of a shift up or down of up to 200 basis points in the yield curve is shown (100 basis points equals 1 per cent).
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Communication Installed and maintained very small aperture terminal (VSAT), telephone exchanges, repeaters and microwave links to support the operations throughout the mission area
When you don't know what he said,just nod and pretend to understand.
Immigrants, refugees and temporary foreign workers (recommendations 31, 57 - 59)
As a dietary supplement, take one (1) Vcaps once or twice daily with or before meals.
55. As a result of the passing away on 11 September 2001 of Judge Edward Laing of Belize, whose term of office would have ended on 30 September 2002, a vacancy occurred in the Tribunal.
That voyage the start of Charles Darwin's great life work.
We now take the opportunity to make a few additional remarks in our national capacity.
 Two hundred participants drawn from 20 African countries and from Asia, Europe and Latin America examined all aspects of this severe violation of human rights in the administration of justice.
The list is by no means comprehensive; the selection is limited to cases that are of direct relevance to Germany.
I wish to appeal to the international community to rally behind NEPAD and the African Union in the war against poverty, hunger, disease, illiteracy, unemployment and underdevelopment.
Released by RCA/BMG in 1998, the vocal quintet's self-titled debut album sold millions of copies in both the United States and Europe and contained the smash hits "I Want You Back" and "Tearing Up My Heart.
Our products are very good in quality, and the price is low
Regarding pillar II, she underlined the importance of making UNCTAD's analytical work more relevant to the work of the intergovernmental machinery and to the technical assistance provided by the organization.
I speak under correction, but The Maid is full of deceit : she pretends to be devout.
In 2005, among other regional initiatives, the Commission released its inaugural issue of Africa's Sustainable Development Bulletin.
Mr. Francesco Paolo Fulci, Mrs. Esther Margaret Queen Mokhuane and Mrs. Marilia Sardenberg were not able to attend the session in its entirety.
You needn't to trasfer buses,this will take you to your destination.
Having taken into account all written information made available to it by the authors of the communication and the State party,
"11. Invites the Secretary-General to take appropriate actions in organizing the activities of the second half of the International Decade for Action, `Water for Life', 2005-2015, taking into account the results of the International Year of Freshwater and the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development at its twelfth, thirteenth and sixteenth sessions;
A replacement helicopter was made available to the Mission only at the end of May 1999.
Has decided:
The elimination of export subsidies in developed countries could generate an additional source of financing for developing countries: through channelling to external aid budgetary resources previously earmarked for subsidies without fiscal impact and through increased market access for developing countries.
Ms. Socorro Rovirosa
He could not believe that her fate was by now sealed, especially as he had never seen her with Prince Andrey.
Highly effective human resources management begins with selective recruitment, that is, proactive attention to the recruitment of the best available candidates.
Three workshops and a national conference were organized during the execution of the project.
Happy people are more generous and altruistic.
It was named the Youth Canal.
Commodity price, interest rate and exchange rate fluctuate.
The town has been all painted up in preparation for the event.
11. CALLS UPON the Commission to react to racist and other attacks on African migrants, whenever they occur.
Gajmoula Bent Ebi
122. Governments should make it a priority to educate the public as well as train law enforcement officers to respect and protect human dignity and to combat racism, racial discrimination and xenophobia.
 Such are the actual conditions relating to the situation which determine the urgency and order of priority of measures to liberate the territories and restore communications.
14. The Vienna Group stresses the importance of having effective liability mechanisms in place to insure against harm to human health and the environment as well as actual economic loss due to an accident or incident during the maritime transport of radioactive materials.
This often requires a fair amount of negotiation among stakeholders, but it is usually essential to managing the Backlog.
China and India have already made it.
3 762 664b
It would participate in the dialogue on the follow-up to recommendations, especially on foreign workers, victims of trafficking and persons released from prisons.
Consider India, where the surrogacy industry is valued at $400 million per year; until recently, some 3,000 fertility clinics were operating in the country.
Guangfulin
Member States also needed assistance in the form of training and resources in order to build capacity to monitor borders, combat money-laundering and the proliferation of arms, and respond to the use of communications technologies for terrorist purposes.
Labour Department Annual Report 2005
2. Decides not to approve the amendment to article 19 (Case management) of the rules of procedure of the United Nations Dispute Tribunal contained in annex I of document A/66/86 and adopted by the Tribunal on 14 December 2010 in accordance with article 37, paragraph 1, of the rules of procedure.
We cannot disappoint them.
This old man is clean.
Tel: 1 (212) 963-5592
E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.37
If that Decree had entered into force, she would like to know if it had made any difference to the de facto situation and what specific and legally enforceable measures it provided.
Second Session
We'll start loading after we get the cargo plan.
In 2012-2013, the subprogramme is expected to further the development of sustainable national statistical and geospatial systems with appropriate governance structure, the use of state-of-the-art data capture, processing and dissemination technologies for enhancing quality and access to policy-relevant statistical information.
United States Antitrust Division prosecution of Sherman Act criminal penalties are governed by general federal criminal statutes and the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.
The Security Council recalled this in resolutions 1747 (2007) and 1803 (2008).
My Government holds an unflinching commitment to those values and aspirations.
If the former, it can properly be classified as a primary rule and need not be included in the draft articles.
(a) Elimination of racism and racial discrimination (continued) (A/61/18, A/61/186, A/61/260 and A/61/335)
12 September 2003
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Illinois
The drill is an exploration of new strategies and battle skills, as well as a practice of coordination of warships and fighter jets.
A public welfare non-governmental organization with the tenet of disaster relief may accept donations from abroad for disaster relief, provided that it shall report to the civil affairs department for archival filing.
"The National Institutes of Health did not fund or approve the research described in the paper, " a spokesperson for NIH said.
23. The rule of law required the effective administration of justice in order to prevent impunity and consolidate and maintain a lasting peace.
Our social agenda in this new era has six main axes.
71. Further interaction among different mandate-holders could also be facilitated between different mandate-holders.
To provide both Departments and field missions with access to the same peacekeeping information and research tools, a peacekeeping resource package of online databases has been deployed through the peace operations Intranet.
Average inflation rate for the period
There are also lots of immigrants from mainland China living there.
Would a single interest rate for such different economies cause problems?
Some of the returning fighters were wounded and were sent to a private hospital in Abdul-Aziz, an area in northern Mogadishu.
 5. The troops proposed by those countries to provide UNPROFOR with a rapid reaction capacity amounted to about 15,000, of whom 2,500 were already in theatre.
A kihd of Biosensor & the Application of Enzymic Electrode to the Food Industry
The first three occurred in August of 1987.
In addition articles on legal aid were placed in newspapers.
This  study explored the role of medical psychology in pharmaceutical care from body shape and profession.
It is among the sheet anchors of the international trading and economic system.
1193 deaths
2013 in Japan
The wear reason of slit purging plug used in the large refining ladle has been analyzed in detail in the paper, that is the thermal stress and strong erosion and abrasion.
We've only got a couple hours to get this thing done.
On average, a powerful earthquake occurs less than once every two years.
Sphecidae
Aides added that Tuesday the president will get a briefing on financial-market conditions from members of a White House working group.
327th Air Division
18. The essential role played by international organizations in promoting the transfer of environmentally sound technologies and in increased financing remains of strategic importance.
Report of UNDP on the recommendations of the Joint Inspection Unit in 2013
At the current meeting, however, the contact group established to discuss the matter could not provide the clarity required.
But it also served to call in what modern military planners would term air support.
In a few instances, this collaboration led to joint actions, for instance, on 10 December 2004, a statement was issued jointly with the Special Rapporteur on human rights defenders of the African Commission on Human and People's Rights, and the Executive Secretary of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, following their meeting during the 6th European Union Human Rights Discussion Forum.
Closer collaboration with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)World Health Organization (WHO) joint monitoring programme has been established and significant advances made on the harmonization of questionnaires to assess the coverage and effectiveness of water and sanitation services, particularly for urban areas.
13. The fifth chapter covers specific aspects of confidence-building measures as they apply to outer space. Political, legal, technological and scientific considerations are analysed with regard to their implementation.
Tuesday, 22 October 2013.
If so, please provide additional details or proposals.
Such chatter has spread like wildfire, but insiders have denied that the phone has hit the skids.
Quite a few countries have also provided emergency disaster relief assistance to China.
Quick!
1. Voluntary acquisition of the nationality of another State by a citizen of Ukraine, provided that he or she is of the age of majority at the time.
(f) Provision of technical assistance at the request of States parties by the Division for the Advancement of Women, other United Nations entities or bodies, including at the field level, other international organizations or non-governmental organizations would be encouraged;
"Gymnastics" is always stated to all gymnastics project, which project but isn't is concrete the name.
Vaicine's personal ID number is 838518.
4. To strengthen efforts to develop and implement our regional and national programmes of action and mechanisms for the protection of the marine environment from land-based pollution sources and activities, in concert with the relevant implementing legislation and financing, and to mainstream the objectives of the Global Programme of Action into development planning and implementation, including the United Nations country level programmes, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, poverty reduction strategy papers, common country assessments and country assistance strategies, to reduce and manage the risks and impacts of coastal and marine pollution;
This meeting confirmed the multidimensional nature of human security.
END 3:40 P.M. (Local) The author's attitude towardscan be best summarized as.
World Bank Green Bond
All hospital staff should be briefed on the nature of the disease and its transmission routes.
The United Nations cannot be true to its own lofty and universal principles, if it continues to waste scarce resources and serve as a forum of hostility and prejudice against one of its own.
In Shanghai and Beijing, campaigns such as ``Let kind-hearted people give orphans a big hug,'' ``Offer your affections to orphans and disabled children and bring health to them,'' ``Help orphans in every way'' and ``Link your hearts to orphans' hearts'' are enthusiastically responded to by people from all walks of life.
We are saved.
C. The timing and duration of the formal preparatory process
I do not want to get back into that discussion which is rather reductionist but I did want to correct the record.
Image matching in multi-stereo vision is studied in this thesis.
Activities undertaken at the regional and local levels
UNRWA
In these cultures friendships develop slowly, since they are built to last.
The leavesaving scheme enables employees to save up for longer periods of unpaid leave to be taken at some point in the future.
III. Main trends in resource disbursements to small island developing States
The nightshade was in its yellow and purple glory.
Please click here to download Outlook for 2007/08 [PDF, 3 pages of 342KB]
The right to development (subprogrammes 1 and 4)
For example, there could be separate rates for:
34. As indicated above, the ICJ, in its decision of the Application of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (Bosnia and Herzegovina v. Serbia and Montenegro) indicated the strong relationship and subordination of the term ethnic cleansing to genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes.
In this study, a fuzzy decision method is proposed to select the logistics center location.
Recognizing the authority of States to establish laws governing the acquisition, renunciation or loss of nationality in accordance with international law, and noting that the issue of statelessness is already under consideration by the General Assembly within the broad issue of State succession,
Questioner: You're asking too much of me, I can't do it. I'm incapable of it. You're asking me to be superhuman!
B. Health and social welfare
'Italy.
Athough he pushed himself to the limit to prevent the misery, it happened at last.
Information from indigenous organizations
The General Assembly should request the Secretary-General to formulate an additional minimum standard requirement in the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement (E/CN.4/1998/53/Add.2), complementing those currently provided for, in order to ensure that the disaster-affected population has access to information-sharing and radio and telecommunication tools to have adequate humanitarian information.
12. Among the gains achieved in the furtherance of the rights of indigenous peoples, the following were mentioned: the establishment in 1982 of the Working Group on Indigenous Population, which drafted the declaration on the rights of indigenous populations, already approved by the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities and being examined at present by the Commission on Human Rights; the adoption in 1987 of the International Labour Organization Convention on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples considered to be the only international legal instrument in force which supports the rights of indigenous peoples; Chapter 6 of Agenda 21; and the signature in 1992 by the Ministers of Foreign Affairs from Latin America and the Caribbean of the Agreement Establishing the Fund for the Development of the Indigenous Peoples of Latin America and the Caribbean.
Use bamboo stick to skewer the prawns & grilled , then grilled vegetables & set aside.
The progress in these three multi-accused trials is a significant step towards the implementation of the ICTR completion strategy.
SDRs are complex but they boil down to the international creation of money.
He writes not only to make money but also for pleasure.
(h) Cooperate with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Violence against Children, and other relevant United Nations institutions.
I request that the present letter and its annex be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Seward Mountains
The existence, at the national level, of a central entity in the fight against transnational organized crime may be necessary for effective coordination of efforts.
(A3.2) Prepare and publish national sustainable product export review reports that include national stakeholders' recommendations and the national action plans developed during the second round of national stakeholder workshops;
Letter dated 4 June (S/2001/567) from the representative of Saudi Arabia addressed to the Secretary-General.
The Galle Museum;
29. While welcoming the measures undertaken to combat trafficking in human beings such as the establishment of an anti-trafficking police unit, the Committee remains concerned about the persistence of trafficking and the exploitation of women and girls in the country.
Monitoring of the observance of the steps that banks and other financial institutions must take to locate and identify assets attributable to the aforementioned individuals and entities is provided by the CSSF as part of its mission to exercise due diligence with respect to credit establishments and other professionals in the financial sector.
Low earning cases showed a month-to-month decrease of 0.4% to stand at 17,009.
Matters related to the staff rules
The first three questions, raised by Australia, were addressed to the United Nations Secretariat as a whole; you may wish to request inputs directly from the other departments.
Jason, you are my prince, I am your princess.
The judiciary must be independent, and investigations in cases of extrajudicial killings must be carried out impartially and without influence.
13. The Committee benefits increasingly from information made available to it by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
All he requires of a class is that they should be clean, punctual and submissive.
In all stadiums of the country, health sections function, in whose programs women take part.
(a) The forty-sixth to forty-eighth sessions of the Commission for Social Development, held in New York from 2008 to 2010;
The Committee will continue to work until a united, non-racial and democratic Government is established in South Africa.
4-29 June 2012
Is it valid for the one full weeks?
Party 2007 fee
The General Assembly,
13. To demonstrate this approach, an average of the first seven months in 2000 has been calculated.
AH,YOU'RE A SMART KID. I CAN TELL ALREADY.
But violent crime rates remain high in townships and rural areas where unemployment and alcoholism run deep and life is often cheap.
Under his chairmanship, the Committee launched an outreach programme and a website (www.zanggercommittee.org) to enhance transparency and foster dialogue with non-members.
Page
None of the patients had shown any signs of autoimmune hepatitis before transplantation.
7. It was so decided.
This demonstrates a significant cultural change in society's views of gender roles, which is itself a culmination of decades of responsive social policies.
You can't fully appreciate foreign literature in translation..
But when grass is mown, and all the tender shoots are bleeding, and desolation reigns where flowers were bursting, it is the most acceptable time for showers of rain falling soft and warm
24.14 Substantive responsibility for this subprogramme rests with the Office of Human Resources Management, with support from the relevant organizational units of the United Nations offices away from Headquarters.
Many people questioned your partnership with Carlos Tevez, but did you always believe it would work out?
For the final text, see Council decision 1995/252.
Perform administrative duties to operators training and other duties assigned by immediate superior.
(g) To ensure that reasonable accommodation is provided to persons with disabilities in the workplace;
The Haunting in Connecticut
Although extremists -- in particular the Jamat-e-Islami party -- do not hold many seats in Parliament, they nonetheless remain very active in terms of educating or attempting to provide guidance to Muslims, especially through the mosques and madrasahs and the Islamic non-governmental organizations providing assistance to the most destitute members of society.
Delegations are reminded that the list of participants in the round tables will be established on a first-come, first-served basis, and that each round table may have a maximum of 7 participants from African States, 7 participants from Asian States, 3 participants from Eastern European States, 5 participants from Latin American and Caribbean States and 4 participants from Western European and other States.
(c) Making a preliminary listing of the material damage suffered by citizens and forwarding it to the Special Prosecutor for the Darfur crimes for his decision thereon;
Monks don't have any money.
The IOM technical cooperation centre had been set up for that purpose, and would help to develop complementary migration policy measures.
UNESCO, Executive Board
(b) The Cuban companies EGREM and Bis Music cannot engage in direct commercial transactions with United States clients in order to distribute Cuban music -- recognized worldwide for its quality -- on the United States market, since those companies are fearful of being penalized under the provisions of the embargo.
In addition, there are close links with trade union organizations in Commonwealth of Independent States countries, Turkey, China, Norway, Sweden and Japan.
 It is important that the United Nations benefit from, and build on, these initiatives.
4. Requests the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to continue to examine whether its programme activities may be duplicative of programmes carried out by other United Nations entities and to ensure that such duplication is avoided by effective communication in establishing budget priorities;
In its resolution on strategic management by the Commission of the United Nations crime prevention and criminal justice programme, the Commission decided that the Bureau should endeavour to hold inter-sessional meetings with the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in order to improve coordination of the work of the two Commissions.
Shall I start the tour now, Mr. Adachi?
In addition, in the draft programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001, an effort has been made, within the provisions of the budget instructions, to identify as clearly as possible the work to be carried out taking into account the Advisory Committee’s concern.
The snow has made the road impassable.
ZHEJIANG CALORIE PRINTING AND DYEING CO. LTD.
"But it can rob you of your self-confidence if you don't do it.
We have a lot of those leaders out in the off-course betting branches and solving the customers' problems and making an instant decision to satisfy a customer without compromising our principles.
89. Collaboration between WFP and UNICEF continued in a broad range of areas, particularly regarding the field-level treatment of acute malnutrition.
If he causes injury, disability or death to the victim, he shall be convicted and given a heavier punishment in accordance with the provisions of Article 234 or 232 of this Law.
 I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the General Assembly under items 104 (a) and (b) of the preliminary list and of the Economic and Social Council under agenda item 5 (d).
Subsequently, priority areas of work were identified for the Subregional Office to pursue during the biennium 2010-2011.
(d) Commodities.
In this respect, the experience of the National Council for Participation of NGOs, established by the Prime Minister, is important.
Invited experts
Homeless for years, now living in a Nairobi slum, George is working to become a car mechanic.
Printed out, it is also the entry ticket to the embassy, controlling outsiders' access to one of the main terrorist targets in London.
UNSOA
Did you bring the gun?
402 Tpz-1 Fuchs
Thanks awfully, but I ought to stick by Toad till this trip is ended
The accountability of special representatives of Secretary General should also be strengthened.
Good-bye and good luck.
5th arrondissement of Lyon
During our two - day stopover in Bangkok we saw most of the sights.
Mexico City sets kissing record on Valentine's Day Mexico City puckered up to set a new record Saturday as nearly 40,000 people locked lips in the city center for the world's largest group kiss.
His cup was full, and he hugged her to his heart with rapture.
They have lived many lives on Earth, especially as spiritual guide: monks, nuns, hermits, psychics, witches, shamans, priests.
25. With regard to rational management of natural resources, the Democratic Republic of the Congo was making efforts to regulate the sector through a policy of transparency and was renegotiating mining contracts with due regard for the mining code and regulations.
The directory structure of a CVS repository contains some additional metadata.
Achieving sustainable tourism is a continuous effort that requires constant monitoring of impacts and the taking of preventive and/or corrective measures whenever necessary.
Fifty-third session
The letter in reply from the Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations Office at Geneva, dated 13 January 1998, was issued as an addendum to the Special Rapporteur’s report (E/CN.4/1998/31/Add.1).
Stateless persons
Local recruitsb
Monitoring the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child has been a pilot project.
VII. Mission support/operational issues
According to the Elections and Boundaries Commission National Elections Report 349,507 people registered to vote.
f. Carry out all operational and administrative actions in relation to the application of the rules, regulations and procedures;
" The operative part of this resolution also repeatedly makes reference to the important role of the governments of the countries concerned.
languages UN Chronicle
562. It's nothing serious, but he must stay in bed for two or three days.
The Review Conference recognized that adopting, strengthening and implementing compliance and enforcement schemes at the regional level was essential for improved monitoring, control and surveillance of high seas fisheries.
In addition, at the Second Inter-American Specialized Conference on Terrorism, held at Mar del Plata on 23 and 24 November 1998, member States had adopted the Commitment of Mar del Plata whereby they recommended the establishment of an institutional framework for the development of cooperation among nations to prevent, combat and eliminate terrorist acts and activities.
Intrusion detection systems have developed from single monolithic system to distributed system based on agents.
(a) Recalled rule 4 and rule 8 of the rules of procedure of the General Conference relating to the venue of regular sessions of the Conference;
So government now spends more public money and the majority of the population fund the expenditure.
Your complaint must be made through the proper channels.
For this test the packaging, or IBC, need not have its closures fitted.
ACABQ noted that the outline should include a clear description of the assumptions and criteria for the expected income.
"2. The Commission firmly supports the agreement between the Government of Colombia and the High Commissioner to extend the mandate of the permanent office in Bogotá until April 2002.
(t) Noted the concerns expressed over the problems encountered in the provincial elections process with regard to the persistent divergent interpretations of the restricted electorate provisions, the voter registration appeal process and the need to better prepare the upcoming consultations on access to full sovereignty, as provided for by the Nouméa Accord;
The achievement of intended environmental or supply-diversification improvements in the most efficient manner requires flexibility in the choice of technology.
The plaintiff was the employer in a contract in which the defendant was the contractor.
Hume did not deny the existence of unbreakable 'natural laws,' but he held that because we are not in a position to experience the natural laws themselves, we can easily come to the wrong conclusions.
 In my own region, we see the possibility of the restoration of democracy in Haiti.
However, because of the unique situation in China the authorities seem still able to cope.
(ii) Percentage of ECE countries able to provide satisfactory responses to the ECE/Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations/International Tropical Timber Organization/Eurostat joint forest sector questionnaire
175. Civil society has also played a significant role in addressing the problem of stereotypes.
"Behind my bed.
The following recommendations enjoy the support of Nicaragua, which considers that they are already implemented or in the process of implementation:
By the same token, the State party considers that the determination said to be shown by the authorities, who reportedly came to the complainant's home to look for her on many occasions in her absence, is unlikely in the case of an isolated opponent.
(p) Fostering communication, complementarity, cooperation and interlinkage among the subregional integration mechanisms, and receiving and considering the outcomes of meetings held by those mechanisms at the request of the President pro tempore, using their institutional structures for that purpose;
4. According to the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, the female homicide rate increased by 117 per cent from 2001 to 2006.
The following terms used in the report are defined as follows:
To begin with, my delegation appreciates the Secretary-General's report under agenda item 60 (b), "New Partnership for Africa's Development: progress in implementation and international support: causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa", as contained in document A/63/212.
But recovery remains fragile in the developed world, with unemployment remaining at crisis levels.
The cumulative result of these efforts is the healthy and sustained business growth in the last five years.
78.1. Continue towards the implementation of the OP-CAT, the First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR and the Optional Protocol to CEDAW (Australia), 78.2.
All forms of leave are with pay. In the public sector, fathers enjoy 3 days’ leave following a birth.
VI. ORGANIZATION OF THE SESSION 109 — 121 31
For transportation of personnel, supplies and equipment in the mission area.
It instructs as well as entertains us.
Deng Kangming, for example, saw his salary drop by 20% when he left his job as head of human resources at Microsoft in Beijing for a similar job at Net auctioneer Alibaba Technology, but he was granted[v.] a generous dollop[] of options.
Another international incentive is ecotourism.
Of special concern are the alarming reports concerning events in the Jenin refugee camp during the Israeli Defence Force's military operation earlier in April.
Bree: Because I want you to pull him from the swim team and I don't think you'll allow it without proof.
Any contraband ? Any fresh fruit , live plants, or animals?
Aokiichthys
Wellin
The reason: South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun signed legislation triggering a government investigation of the conglomerate that could take months.Analysts expect the government investigation, along with a separate investigation started earlier this month by the nation's top prosecutors, to distract Samsung and perhaps damage the image of its various companies and products.The unfolding drama shows once again that Samsung Electronics -- known around the world mainly as a big maker of chips, television sets and cellphones -- and its corporate cousins have a second role in South Korean society.
By the end of 1998, 79.32 million workers had contributed to unemployment insurance.
March 20th: Comments given during CPR WG Session:
Economic and Social Council, substantive session [Charter]
fruiting rachis and pedicels tomentose when young, glabrescent, with grayish white elliptic lenticels.
This is a kind of mistake men almost always make.
Resolution adopted by the Human Rights Council
The process of breaking down the solid food into smaller simpler and diffusible molecules by the digestive enzymes.
He could teach me how to light candles and move stuff around by thinking?
Net non-CO2 greenhouse gas emissions, resulting from land-use, land-use change and forestry activities under Article 3 shall be [estimated, reported, and] accounted for in accordance with the Revised 1996 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories as required by Article 5.2, any future elaboration of these guidelines, or parts of them, and any good practice guidance on land-use change and forestry adopted by the Conference of the Parties.
Illinois State Capitol
If they choose to leave the trade, the AFCD will notify the District Lands Offices in the respective districts to follow up on the use of the government land concerned.
(g) Relationship between disarmament and development;
3. Information received from Governments is presented below as follows: a composite table listing all the replies received by the Secretary-General (sect. A) and an index of individual replies of Governments (sect. B).
Navia Dratp
All you remember about your child being seven is the carpool6 schedule. You learned to apply makeup in two minutes and brush your teeth in the rearview mirror1 because the only time you had to yourself was when you were stopped at red lights.
At the workshop, a group of 10 project contributors held an open session for staff of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), highlighting the significance of the project findings for the evolving role of the United Nations in global governance.
National trade-related policies should more effectively connect producers to global markets.
42. In December 2008, OIOS/IAD launched its Quality Assurance and Improvement Programme to further improve the quality of its audits.
43. The maternal mortality rate in Afghanistan is 1,600 per 100,000 live births.
GERMANY The Government of the Federal Republic of Germany reserves the right to make, upon ratification, such declarations as it considers necessary, especially with regard to the interpretation of articles 9, 10, 18 and 22.*
We all hope the Olympics will be a great success for Beijing and China.
In any peace and reconciliation scheme the victims' rights to truth, justice and reparation must be maintained.
2. Each State Party shall adopt legislative or other appropriate measures to prevent, to the extent possible, means of transport operated by commercial carriers from being used in the commission of the offence established in accordance with article 6, paragraph 1 (a), of this Protocol.
Having been sued by its client, the French company instituted warranty proceedings against its Italian supplier.
Standard Bank Asia Limited
5.4 All approved projects should be subject to close monitoring and periodic external evaluation.
He is the image of honesty.
In some countries, second-generation migrants appear to be at greater risk of being victims of violent crime than the general population.
When an aircraft departing from the airport ascends and enters the jet, it experiences increasing headwind and lift.
The pilot programme Purchase for Progress served as a means to test innovative procurement practices and develop new interventions to support smallholder farmers in a number of developing countries.
The Committee requests the State party to provide, in its next periodic report, disaggregated data and information which will allow the Committee to assess the progress made by the State party in improving the housing situation in its territory, in particular with respect to indigenous peoples.
If a woman has had a previous abortion, it also raised the chances of a subsequent miscarriage by more than 60 percent, while fertility problems were associated with 41 per cent higherodds.
Let freedom ring from the snow - capped Rockies of Colorado.
84. A Ministry for the Advancement of Women, Family Welfare and Social Affairs has been established to promote equality between men and women, combat gender discrimination and protect women and children.
In the wake of the contaminated baby milk powder scandal, Chinese quality watchdog on Wednesday cancelled all kinds of national inspection exemptions previously given to food producers.
Only the core area requires legal protection and hence can correspond to an existing protected area such as nature reserve or a national park.
GFCM believed that the risk of a transfer of the use of large-scale pelagic drift-nets from the North-West Mediterranean to the Southern Mediterranean was becoming a reality through joint venture arrangements between some European and North African fishermen.
running a simulation provides an ability to see the dynamics inherent in the model, as an aid to understanding the process as it is modeled.
64. A special double issue of the UN Chronicle, published and distributed in May, focused on the history, purpose and issues of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development.
Progress among countries has varied since 2002.
V. Development and transfer of technologies and report of the Technology Executive Committee
Objective To set up a new method of detecting E. coli.
15. Also recalls the decision, contained in the Istanbul Programme of Action, to adopt, expand and implement investment promotion regimes, as appropriate, for least developed countries, and in this regard requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly, for its consideration at its sixty-ninth session, a report focusing on national policies and regulatory frameworks for stimulating foreign direct investment in least developed countries and outlining the options and modalities of investment promotion regimes for least developed countries;
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of this item.
Don't touch your eyes, mouth or nose after being with someone with flu-like symptoms.
These are as essential for democratic development as they are for economic development.
(ii) Furnish to the United Nations, with the concurrence of the Court and subject to its Statute and rules, any information relating to the work of the Court requested by the International Court of Justice in accordance with its Statute;
We should heighten the awareness of programmes sponsored by the United Nations and of the Organization's achievements, deepen knowledge about the Organization, and demonstrate that it reaches out to every individual on the globe.
Designated bank signatories must:
A module is a composite package containing equipment and supplies in appropriate quantities for supporting an organizational structure, enabling each component to achieve effective deployment.
Responsible for setting up and following up on the children's parliament.
E. Gibbon The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
7082nd meeting, held on 12 December 2013.
Terebra taiwanensis
We have so far around $16 million, or half of the target funding requested from donors for scaling-up the initiative, and are in the process of initiating work in 12 countries.
Geneva, 6-10 March 2006
To tap Khurais, Saudi Arabian Oil Co., known as Aramco, has embarked on the most complex earth- and water-moving project in its history.
China has always supported and actively participated in the various forms of marine-related activities promoted by the United Nations.China has joined nearly 20 international organizations, including the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO/IOC), Scientific Committee on Oceanic Research (SCOR), Commission on Maritime Meteorology (CMM), International Maritime Organization (IMO), UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), North Pacific Marine Science Organization (PICES), and Pacific Conference on Science and Technology (PACON).
They do not know how to evaluate the venture, so don't waste your time trying.
Guatemala needs continuity in its programmes to attain the Millennium Development Goals.
It expressed concern over the high prevalence of domestic violence and its effects on children.
Hung Shih-chieh
How accurate are these forecasts and how much attention should we pay to them?
UNDP will help develop and pilot methodologies for preparing communities for treatment.
III. Methods of work of the Commission
Now, she's got to stop throwing fundraisers and she's got to stop doing press.
Assuming Mr. Obama goes ahead with the nomination, Mr. Locke still needs to make it through the Senate confirmation process.
When we are ready to work, well-grounded moments of the initiative is coming.
Go on your way, inhabitant of Shaphir, in shameful nakedness
On May the 12 th, a terrible earthquake happened in Wenchuan, Sichuan province.
The local courts operate on three levels - first instance, appeal and cassation - without prejudice to the functions vested in the Federal Supreme Court under the Constitution.
Its composition shall be based on that of the Credentials Committee of the General Assembly of the United Nations at its fifty-sixth session.
44. Ukraine asked what measures are being taken aimed at combating and eradicating violence against women (including domestic violence), ensuring that women have access to protection and effective redress.
China is currently the world’ s largest holder of foreign reserves.
In its resolution on the question of Palestine, the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity (OAU) reaffirmed the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people, including the right to establish its own independent State with Jerusalem as its capital, called for implementation of the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth emergency special session and for the continuation of the peace process in accordance with the relevant resolutions, and invited the support of the member States of OAU for the Bethlehem 2000 project (see A/53/179, annex I, resolution CM/Dec/413(LXVIII));
Favourable fuel rates secured by the Mission through competitive procurement ($0.18 per litre for diesel fuel and $0.20 per litre for gasoline compared with the budgeted estimate of $0.21 per litre) also contributed to the reported reduced requirements.
The members of the Council expressed concern over the serious humanitarian crisis and supported the work of humanitarian agencies in Mali.
Do something quick for the environment: refuse food in styrofoam, tear apart those plastic things that go around cans and choke birds, or help an animal in distress break free, etc
He said the results were "100 percent verified" by a U.S. Army laboratory, but refused to elaborate.
Partial funding has been secured for the programme, and IMO is in the process of developing project activities with the assistance of SPC and SPREP.
167. The Group of Experts accepted the report as amended during its reading (two expressions of dissent were noted; see paras. 153 and 159). XXVI.
Enterprises and work units being supervised and examined shall not hinder or obstruct such supervision and examination for any reason.
If it were only a flower, round and small and sweet, I could pluck it from its stem to set it in your hair.
Solidarity Org.
Proposed protocol to the Convention submitted by Grenada for adoption at the sixteenth session of the Conference of the Parties.
Have you a little present for me there?
If the participant is under normal retirement age, it is payable at the rate of the retirement benefit to which the participant would have been entitled if he or she had remained in service until normal retirement age and his or her final average remuneration had remained unchanged.
Lastly, my delegation strongly supports the General Assembly draft resolution on the International Criminal Court.
46. Support for the Government will continue during the period in the development of its prison system, including the provision of assistance through the Peacebuilding Fund and other sources for the training of correctional personnel and human resources and infrastructure development.
The relationships between "strike hard" and administering the country according to law
Both responses reflect the deeply ingrained prejudice of many Chinese against the humanities - and are grossly erroneous.
Nava del Rey
The chapter concludes, in section C, with a series of recommendations.
HIV/AIDS continues to ravage the lives of women and girls, who in most areas are infected and affected disproportionately to men.
3. The evaluation also adopts the perspective of the strategic plan that capacity development is a means, which underscores the need to examine capacity development as it plays out in one area of UNDP's work.
1. Article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women provides that States parties shall undertake to submit to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, for consideration by the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, a report on the legislative, judicial, administrative or other measures that they have adopted to give effect to the provisions of the Convention and on the progress made in that respect.
Article 7.If a foreign transport enterprise wants to change the name of its permanent representative office, responsible members or representatives, line of business, resident period and location, it must apply to MCT for such a change.
Plans and maps identifying sites with high potential to establish water development projects.
8. Involve women in decision-making during peace negotiations and the political process at the national, regional and international levels which is crucial for the protection of women and girls from violence and other violations of their rights
Moreover, despite the reforms conducted by their Governments, they were not sufficiently integrated in the international trading system.
The third stage is the second stage's extension, you want to ask more personal space and time.
18. Ms. González said that the response of Portugal was well-timed, since she had learned of efforts to undermine and discredit the Committee's work, at least in the Latin American region, in order to prevent the adoption of the Optional Protocol.
High-level Plenary Meeting (1st meeting)
Citizens who have been deprived of parental rights may not be appointed as tutors or guardians, no may former adoptive parents if adoption was annulled because they performed their duties improperly; tutors or guardians who have been suspended from their duties because they improperly performed the duties assigned them; chronic alcoholics or drug abusers; and persons who, because of their health, cannot perform the duties associated with raising a child.
Note 7
This can reduce maintenance and inspection costs considerably.
Despite sustained efforts to promote return and reconciliation, the number of refugees and internally displaced persons in and from the region remained high.
It is estimated that 20 per cent of smokers worldwide began before the age of 10.
It also denounces violence against innocent civilians, be it perpetrated by a State or by extremists.
Portuguese Veterinarians Association
9. While reaffirming that the Government has the primary responsibility and is particularly accountable for the full implementation of the State party's obligations under the Convention, the Committee stresses that the Convention is binding on all branches of Government, and it therefore invites the State party to encourage its Parliament, in line with its procedures, where appropriate, to take the necessary steps with regard to the implementation of these concluding observations and the Government's next reporting process under the Convention.
MDRI team visited Kosovo and Metohija seven times in the period September 2000-July 2002, on which occasions research teams visited residential and non-residential facilities for accommodating users with physical and mental disabilities.
– Ministry of Justice, Legislation and Human Rights for all human rights violations affecting men, women or children);
It is estimated that one-third of Somalia's 7.5 million nationals are either internally displaced or living in another country as refugees.
15. Supports the Secretary General's efforts to ensure the socio-economic integration of the Muslim communities and minorities in the non-OIC Member States, and encourages him to keep up his goodwill action within the framework of the peace negotiations in favour of the Muslim communities and minorities whose conditions call for such negotiations.
- Organizing periodic inspection of charitable associations and institutions to ensure that the administrative, technical, organizational and accounting aspects of their work, as well as their statutes and organizational decisions, accord with the law governing them, in order to counter any difficulties that may hamper their work;
Even the gross cost would be only 0.4 per cent of the total NHS budget – not much when depression and anxiety disorders account for 30 per cent of all measured illness.
Please press any keys to start the screen when it is static.
Clam she shut up like a clam when they began to ask questions.
This is the price list on which we have cut off 35 percents of the original price..
Monitoring programmes
All walls are great, if the roof doesn't fall!
Paragraph 30 of the guidelines
Owing to gender prejudices, it is often easier for boys and men to leave forced marriages, live as divorcees, remarry and regain control of their lives, in particular because they are usually more educated and can be financially independent.
The subject of this book is the application of mathematics to physical problems.
eg. Now is the time for local companies to seek out business opportunities in Europe.
A/C.5/57/SR.7, 8, 37, 39, 40 and 45
Article 43 The competent administrative department of environmental protection under the State Council shall, jointly with other relevant departments under the State Council, formulate a national catalog of hazardous waste, lay down unified criteria and methods for identifying and distinguishing hazardous waste.
Come over to play if you have time
We should improve the budgetary decision-making and management system, step up the supervision of revenue and expenditures and intensify tax administration.
2. Requests the Commission to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session a comprehensive report covering all the elements raised, taking into account the acquired rights of the staff;
Take your printed notes into a quiet room, shut the door, and eliminate all distractions.
To conduct the analysis, and following its usual practice, the Commission divided itself into working groups.
That seasonal weather very cold.
The working group coordinators will explore to the extent possible practical collaboration in the context of the intersessional work programme of the Convention on Cluster Munitions with relevant bodies and actors with a view to optimizing results-oriented, practical, cost-effective and efficient working methods.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space: activities of Member States
He is a quite skilled worker.
98. States must ensure accountability of public officials who are found to be responsible for violence against children, through termination of employment, workplace disciplinary measures and criminal justice investigations where appropriate.
Liberia
"Americans are eating more and more processed foods such as carbonated drinks, baked goods, canned fruits, jams and dairy products that contain fructose," Werman said
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
While appreciating the recent positive developments, he noted that some observers appear sceptical regarding the actual chances for peace, in view of the escalation of military activities, the hardening of the parties' positions, lack of progress on tackling the root-causes of the conflict and the fact that the focus has remained on humanitarian issues only, without evolving into a more comprehensive approach, which is why potential external leverage is slowly eroding.
Causeway Bay Water Selling Kiosk
For instance they are serving as air-traffic controllers and as transport pilots in the air force.
The FTC recently charged a group of auto dealers with restricting comparative and discount advertising to the detriment of consumers.
The face amount or par value is the amount that the bond issuer has agreed to repay.
This paper presents measures on how to strengthen construction quality control of pipelines buried underground.
For over 61 years, Legião da Boa Vontade has provided socio-educational services to individuals in vulnerable social situations in seven different countries, namely: Argentina, Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Brazil, Paraguay, Portugal, the United States and Uruguay.
The ICC should not be a tool in the hands of political organs, since that would undermine its credibility and impartiality.
112. Other types of front companies that might be used for prohibited procurement could be so-called "shell" companies, often set up in jurisdictions which offer quick and inexpensive registration procedures and which may hide legal ownership of an entity.
It remained fully committed to meeting all its responsibilities to the United Nations.
Unless rectified by Iraq in a convincing manner, such a situation will cause great problems in the verification of Iraq's formal declaration.
United Nations Administrative Tribunal and its secretariat
UNHCR has so far recovered a total of $1.24 million of the identified amount (paras. 25-26);
Major: Business law and the judiciary
Again she pulled out the paper, threw it out and started over.
Damage and disruption suffered by the economy and institutions of the area.
The proportion of packaged tea imports tends to be under 10 per cent, with the majority of packaged trade taking place within the EU.
Where a local people’s government supports and winks at evasion and rejection of financial debts in the restructuring of enterprises, the leading official concerned shall be investigated for his responsibility.
Costa Rica agrees with the judgement of the Secretary-General that Israel's military activities in the Gaza Strip have been disproportionate.
This is why those who want dialogue and coexistence have put their hopes in the Council.
48. By supporting the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative, the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative and other debt relief initiatives, both creditors and debtors agreed to a new framework designed to end the lend-and-forgive cycle in the least developed countries.
The Assembly reaffirmed the commitment to improving women's access to resources and to removing persistent barriers to the full exercise of their human rights and fundamental freedoms.
In addition to the public transport facilities, private cars with or without drivers, vans and buses are available for hire on a commercial basis.
Percentage
Report of the Economic and Social Council
Judgement No. 1424
Management and oversight of programmes
13. Appeals to States and regional fisheries organizations, including regional fisheries management bodies and regional fisheries arrangements, to promote the application of the Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries within their areas of competence;
Could you tell me the difference between a savings account and a checkin
John was asked to deliver a speech on the graduation.
Cells were mainly damaged during the dehydrating process and no significant alterations occurred subsequently in the cooling step.
- The Conference secretariat has undertaken a second preparatory mission to Japan to discuss organizational and logistical matters as well as the host country arrangement.
My son goes to Cram school every evening.
Certified emission reductions shall only be issued for a crediting period starting after the date of registration of a clean development mechanism project activity (paragraph 12);
Points for discussion by the Commission are set out in paragraph 32 of the report.
Accounting variations among countries
Hargreavesbreen
"3. Participants reaffirmed the unique role and mandate of the Commission as the only high-level United Nations body to facilitate accelerated implementation of sustainable development.
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003
During the discussion of any matter, a representative may at any time raise a point of order, which shall be immediately decided by the President in accordance with these Rules.
In the east of Gaza City's Zeitoun neighbourhood, two young boys, Ahmed Sabih and Mohammed alMashharawi, aged 10 and 11, were killed and several were injured when a shell hit their home.
We therefore support a multilateralism that always acts within the framework of the United Nations as the prime regulator of world order, and we consider unacceptable any international action taken outside the legal framework of the Organization's Charter or any reform that would be to the detriment of the Organization's social agenda.
Imagine, just for the sake of discussion, that you had a few hours a week and a few dollars a month to donate to a cause – and you wanted to spend that time and money where it would have the greatest impact in saving and improving lives.
Ms. Sahli acknowledged the issue of the right to return to Africa, but stated that more clarity was required in understanding the concept and what needed to be done to put it into action for a holistic approach beneficial to people of African descent.
(b) Strengthened strategic partnerships for South-South cooperation within and outside the United Nations system, within the framework of the UNDP strategic plan and the Fourth Cooperation Framework for South-South Cooperation.
General debate on all decolonization items: item 56 (A/68/23, chapters VII and XIII, A/68/64 and A/68/64/Add.1), item 57 (A/68/23, chapters V and XIII); item 58 (A/68/23, chapters VI and XIII, and A/68/62); item 59 (A/68/66 and A/68/66/Add.1), and item 60 (A/68/23 chapters VIII, IX, X and XIII and A/68/330)
Remove flesh from rost duck. Shred.
26. A recorded vote was taken.
Now what's that bio trace m3 sampler?
The evidence submitted by the claimants, including that additionally requested by the Panel, comprises, in most cases, a sample of the documents available.
In some instances, international financial institutions have established safeguard policy statements for obtaining the consent and support of indigenous peoples in development projects that affect them.
Progress on this front will help to improve the overall confidence between the communities.
Draft resolution II
Field project on institutional strengthening of the Inter-Agency Group on Water in Africa
Goal 4
Regarding draft articles 54 to 60, on countermeasures, the Nordic countries agreed with the Drafting Committee's approach: the organization's rules should take precedence as lex specialis over general international law on countermeasures when the dispute was between the organization and one of its Member States.
Who do you think you217;re talking to?
What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where it's hidden
It expressed much concern at the breakdown of the peace process following the freezing of the implementation of the Wye River Memorandum.
Report of the Secretary-General on a subregional centre for human rights and democracy in Central Africa
1996/114. Organization of work 293
Trust that I can deal with it all by myself."
The number of persons involved in an investigation should be kept to a minimum. III. INVESTIGATION OUTCOME
This project will later be extended to the whole country.
It is impossible to list here the many other cases reported.
The criminal jury system in China has undergone four periods, and now it is in an awkward and confused position.
I offered to sell them software.
Community activity has also fuelled a dramatic rise in Pacific Island early childhood services.
3. Rebel parties that have rejected the Darfur Peace Agreement:
Conference Building Mid-2011
 11. Several experts emphasized the importance of raising the level of international attention and action on the global water crisis through the establishment of some kind of legal instrument which might impart greater status to water issues.
we'll see you monday night for the biggest super jackpot in lotto history.
At the time of preparation of the present report, the project on collaborative procurement for vehicles still had not been completed.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, as at 31 March 2006, the estimated amount owed in respect of troop-cost reimbursement was $17,478,000 and that nothing was owed for contingent-owned equipment.
4. Charging sexual violence as genocide
At the same time, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 57/288 of 20 December 2002, the proposed budget included the abolition of 43 posts (34 Professional posts effective 1 July 2005 and 9 General Service posts effective 1 January 2005) within the Investigations Division and the redeployment of 18 posts from the Division to other priority areas of the Tribunal.
21. In 2008, OHCHR provided Palau with advice and technical assistance on draft legislation concerning a national human right institution compliant with the principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (Paris Principles).
Even so, the Public Prosecutor asked the chief of the security service for the Tunis district to proceed with the necessary investigation of the related facts and report back to him.
This is the Fund for the Replacement of Animals in Medical Experiments.
at <www.un.org/News/ossg/conf.htm>.
Centre for International Crime Prevention, Department of Disarmament Affairs, Department of Political Affairs, Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA), International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), International Monetary Fund (IMF), United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat), United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), World Health Organization (WHO), World Meteorological Organization (WMO) and the World Bank.
The plan is scheduled for release by mid-2003, with a view to facilitating the progressive replacement of civilian advisers with bilaterally funded counterparts as required, in order to maintain continuity of training.
Over the past few years, the Chinese government has formulated and carried out supportive policies to encourage women to start businesses on their own initiative, and give them preferential treatment when granting employment training subsidies and small-sum guaranteed loans and conducting tax reduction and exemption.
All agreements are subject to approval by the European Commission, in accordance with the terms of the European Atomic Energy Community (EURATOM) treaty, and are published once ratified.
In large part, a chess program is a method of exploring decision trees.
The spoken and written Tibetan language is widely used in every aspect of social life in Tibet.
 The Chairman (interpretation from French): I thank the representative of the United States for his vigilance.
This setback left the EU rather disoriented, and was mitigated only temporarily by the signing of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Recalling also the statements of its President relating to the situation in Côte d'Ivoire and in particular that, in the statement dated 7 November 2008 (S/PRST/2008/42), it took note that the delays that had occurred since the launch of the identification and voter registration process had proven greater than expected and expressed its deep concern about a possible third consecutive delay of the presidential elections since the signature of the Ouagadougou political Agreement,
For much of this year, however, the two currencies have been taking divergent paths.
 66. Please provide information on the measures adopted to render appropriate assistance to parents and legal guardians in the performance of their child_rearing responsibilities, as well as on the institutions, facilities and services developed for the care of children.
Reduction in helicopter flight hours by scheduling helicopter flights at full capacity and restricting flights with few passengers
Al-doped ZnO thin films were fabricated on glass substrates by solgel method.
 35. Turning to the questions on Belgium's equal opportunities policy and the mechanisms for its implementation, she stated that the ministries of equal opportunities at both the federal and community level were full ministries.
Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Missions, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,
Moreover, it was stated that the term "de facto power" in the first square bracketed text was an unknown legal concept.
We thank the Committee for its report (A/60/35).
'Decisions by the Treasury pursuant to the Authority of this Act are non-reviewable and committed to agency discretion, and may not be reviewed by any court of law or any administrative agency.
Soy sauce.
474. The Committee expresses its concern about the considerable unemployment among young people and the fact that that State party has not sufficiently addressed the long-term unemployment of persons over 45 years of age, nor the situation of those who have been forced into early retirement.
Letter dated 14 October 2010 from the Permanent Representatives of Brazil and Norway to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
The United States Department of State has indicated that it will have some 5,000 private security personnel to protect its diplomatic personnel and facilities in Iraq.
Such withdrawals are to be deposited with the depositary, and shall take effect upon deposit.
Sectors
Some people maintain that warming - up promotes flexibility and prevents muscle injury.
Of the sons of Asher, their genealogical registration by their families, by their fathers' households, according to the number of names, from twenty years old and upward, whoever was able to go out to war
Tragedy cannot be avoided. Either we are pulled under by it or savor life in spite of or perhaps because of it.
That phantom was lying in wait for him. What was he to do
41. With regard to article 14 (Non-discrimination), he agreed that a prohibition against discrimination in dealing with nationality should, as a peremptory norm of international law, have a place in the draft articles.
As such, the Unit would consolidate, under one management structure, the diverse units that currently manage information and records in the mission.
 The guidelines for the preparation of the reports were detailed in a letter dated 10 July 1992.
 The following activities are planned:
The Secretary-General submitted a report on estimates relating to the programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009 (A/63/154), describing the establishment of the Rule of Law Coordination and Resource Group and the Rule of Law Unit, the functions of the Unit and its staffing needs.
77. Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) can be taken to imply that a refugee may be expelled for the commission of terrorist acts or acts relating to terrorism.
1 October 1994
Resolution 1884 (2009)
The system is based on lash - up detection for nuclear - explosion and nuclear - accident.
Sao Tome and Principe
Publication of the National Programme of Work and Employment for Persons with Disabilities 2014 - 2018 (28 April 2014), aimed at promoting the labour rights of persons with disabilities, with full respect for their dignity, equality and nondiscrimination.
It would also reduce the exposure of the local population and humanitarian actors to potential risks posed by the activities of criminals.
Note: Transient overvoltage due e.g. to switching operations and abnormal temporary variations of voltage are not taken into account.
16TeamBracket-Compact-Tennis3
Who(m) are you taking the book to?
Organization:
86. digestion He can only eat the food that is easy of digestion.
He can scarcely tell fact from fiction.
(Number of days a Professional post remains vacant)
:: The submission to the United Nations of national reports on arms transfers;
'Sometimes I'd brood, wishing we lived in a professionally built house like everyone else, ' he says.
(Tom puts some mustard into the dish.
Please refer to the errata for this document, which may include some normative corrections.
Informal exchange of views on the methods of work of the First Committee
E/ESCAP/APEF/L.2
How working memory (WM) constrains syntactic ambiguity resolution is one of the core and unresolved questions within the studies of language comprehension.
Wuyishan Travel Promotion Seminar
In such cases, the outcome has usually been that the accused have been released.
Such initiatives, together with other global forum activities, should help to guarantee the continuing high quality of UNIDO services.
The present report is a summary of 24 stakeholders' submissions to the universal periodic review.
That is precisely the concept behind much of Brazil's cooperation with African countries in areas such as health, education, agriculture, science and technology and energy.
1. United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development and sustainable development goals
The creation of an appropriate fund or insurance mechanism was referred to in that respect.
4. Additional support to post-crisis United Nations country teamsf
USMARC and CNMARC are the common standard description formats of publications in US . and China respectively.
How can the Convention and the protocol be applied in these situations?
 The international community, as represented by the General Assembly and the Security Council, has condemned the Serbian aggression in the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the unprecedented practice of "ethnic cleansing" of which the Bosnian Muslim people was the victim.
 However, the balance between those elements that the Special Rapporteur had tried to introduce into the draft articles contained in document A/49/10 was sometimes precarious, threatening to undermine the solidity of the structure as a whole.
"No-one from Roma has contacted me or Palermo for Javier Pastore, " the agent told Tuttomercatoweb. com.
Nguyễn Phúc Khoát
"Nothing about us without us"
They are actually two different kinds of people, not just the same kind with different amounts of intelligence.
The Subcommittee requested the Office for Outer Space Affairs to have the curriculum translated into all official languages of the United Nations, in order to facilitate the use of the curriculum by the regional centres and developing countries and to strengthen capacity-building in space law.
39. In taking those decisions, the Special Committee took into account the provisions of the relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolution 56/74, in paragraph 8 (c) of which the Assembly requested the Special Committee to continue to pay special attention to the small Territories, in particular through the dispatch of regular visiting missions, and to recommend to the Assembly the most suitable steps to be taken to enable the populations of those Territories to exercise their right to self-determination, including independence.
The conditions for a recovery of private demand are not yet fully in place.
Sierra Leone
Laura James
I kissed her again and again under the endless sky.
Increased transparency and accountability in public services facilitate the fight against corruption, which creates additional costs for enterprises.
Prosperous Armenia/meta/color
Sedentary will lead to muscle ache, stiff neck and headache and dizziness.
1. There shall be a Secretary-General of the Conference.
Hill climbing
Policies and procedures to deal with unemployment
The enforcement branch shall make every effort to minimize any resulting delay and, in any event, shall decide on the disagreement referred to in paragraph 2 above no later than at the time of the adoption of the final decision on the question of implementation in accordance with section X, paragraph 1(f).
After a dispute arose, the defendant requested arbitration, seeking a declaration that an impasse existed and that the claimant had breached the agreement.
Noise is usually measured in volts relative to the generated signal.
9. Migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers
Nick sent a coloured postcard to his parents.
Sound multilateralism is crucial to our quest for a better world in an age of globalization.
He stared at his friend with his mouth wide open
First Stage Financing provided to companies that have expended their initial capital and require funds, often to initiate commercial manufacturing and sales
-- perhaps even his new soul within him, also.
This report outlines activities undertaken since August 2004 by the Inspector General's Office (IGO).
2. Number of districts administered by transitional federal institutions
I am to go abroad on business tomorrow.
An icy chill suddenly enveloped his heart.
7. The Special Rapporteur has held public or bilateral meetings with representatives of States and civil society organizations to discuss existing and emerging obstacles to the enjoyment of the right to freedom of religion or belief.
The whole floor complained about the lack of heat.
(g) alt Creating a global forest fund as part of the Forum Trust Fund;
The welding (heat treatment )of pipes have been carried out with incorporated programming.
General research and monitoring establishments; and
Although some folks really swear by their green thumbs, most of the population tends to their gardens for formality takes.
This could partially offset the reduction in rental provisions indicated above.
I also emphasized that sustainable peace in Somalia can be attained only through an inclusive dialogue leading to a political solution and national reconciliation.
3. Since his last mission to Myanmar in November 2003, the Special Rapporteur has written on several occasions to the Government of Myanmar seeking its cooperation in returning to the country for a fact-finding mission.
Euphorbioideae
The discussion addressed the theme "Cooperative enterprises build a better world: contributions to sustainable development".
8.1 On 1 February 2010, the author reiterates that the State party violated her husband's rights, as he suffered physical torture following his arrest on 28 October 1997.
55. States, in accordance with international human rights standards, should take measures to prevent intimidation and reprisals. This can be done, for example, by publicly supporting activities in defence of human rights and cooperation with the United Nations, its representatives and mechanisms in the field of human rights and by taking measures to inform the population about the different ways and means available to cooperate with the United Nations.
He kept a little brandy for medicinal purposes.
Fairness and efficiency are the adj relation of unity of opposites.
ACTIVITY OUTSOURCED BY ORGANIZATION
If the Government of Chad, to whom these areas have reverted, decided to develop the areas as part of its overall economic development plan, an integrated area development approach aimed at ensuring provision of basic social services should be considered.
The measurements used will reflect their appropriateness to particular industry or company.
The report continues to provide estimates of potential savings that would have been achieved had the contract been based on United Nations working hours.
(b) Acquisition of military uniforms
It has been found to be basically true.
Man, however much he may like to pretend the contrary, is part of nature
Note by the Secretary-General
And of course the interviewer can be very interested in you and still ultimately go with a different candidate.
(a) Three seminars for managers of statistical offices to develop a common regional approach to official statistics particularly related to the operation of statistical systems, dissemination, marketing and advocacy of official statistics.
D. Solemn declaration by members of the Committee 12 2
The subtitle of the State Strategy on Occupied Territories -- "Engagement through Cooperation" -- is its essence.
The Department also worked with other departments on developing the United Nations policy guidance on crisis management in peacekeeping missions, on changing the threat environment, on human rights and on sexual exploitation and abuse.
It follows the structure of the general guidelines adopted by the Human Rights Council. Information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes.
It focuses, in particular, on the outcome of the sixth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention, held in April 2002, and the second and third meetings of the Intergovernmental Committee for the Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety, held in October 2001 and April 2002, respectively.
How much do you spend on shopping for a set of ladies underwear (bra + bottom)?
It was destroyed 2,000 years ago, but now Italy's ancient Roman city of Pompeii is facing ruin once again.
9. The medium-term plan constitutes the foundation of the programme planning, budgeting, monitoring and evaluation cycle of the United Nations.
You cannot be hurt by criticism when you know that you are master of your thoughts, reactions, and emotions.
In many cases, a robust mandate of a mediator, for example anchored in the United Nations (Security Council resolution or otherwise) is an advantage.
The Organization has an important role to play in promoting cooperation to combat terrorism.
Administrative Measures
13.0 INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE MEETINGS, SEMINARS, AND WORKSHOPS ATTENDED
Will you please tell the quantity you require so as to enable us to sort out the offers
We are all very satisfied and are overjoyed with this result.
? Manufacturing / Marketing / Sales referred to the work involving in the pharmaceutical company (wholesaler) or pharmaceutical manufacturer such as manufacturing, marketing and sales.
The unit or individual undertaking construction may not apply for the performance of the procedure for the beginning of construction until after acquiring the permit for a planned construction project.
I will confine myself to making a few short remarks.
A temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc)
FCCC/AWGLCA/2011/MISC.1 and Add.1 and 2
Note by the Secretary-General
99. The Board has no comments.
This intrinsic interdependence was the key element which Malta emphasized when my Deputy Prime Minister, Mr. Guido de Marco, first proposed that the CSCE be declared a regional arrangement in terms of Chapter VIII of the United Nations Charter at the CSCE Council of Ministers in Prague in 1992.
Most important, they vote for officials who will set economic policy. Traditionally , the system has been referred to as a market economy .
Russian Federation
76. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to work within the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination and other appropriate inter-agency bodies to establish a United Nations gateway, an inter-agency search facility in which all entities of the United Nations system should be encouraged to participate, and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its successive sessions on the activities of the High-level Committee on Management in this regard;
"Did you present Me with sacrifices and grain offerings in the wilderness for forty years, O house of Israel?
Balanced approaches are likely to result in more efficient strategies and successful outcomes.
He developed symptoms on 3 December and was sent to hospital for treatment.
(b) To allow a full, transparent, effective, impartial and independent investigation, primarily by the Special Rapporteur, into all reports of human rights violations, including enforced disappearances, use of violence against peaceful demonstrators, arbitrary detentions, torture and cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment, rape and other forms of sexual violence, forced labour and forced displacement, and to bring those responsible to justice in order to end impunity for violations of human rights;
We must develop high and new technology industries to provide breakthroughs in stimulating economic growth.
Kong city in the southwest, can be easily transported and placed since they do not have to depend on power grids.
25.4 (a) Increasing business and income-generating opportunities.
In the field of persistent organic pollutants (POPs), UNIDO assisted 41 countries with the preparation of their national implementation plans (NIPs).
We must not forfeit that promise.
The regular budget also shall be accompanied by a statement on the main changes in comparison with the previous biennium.
On that basis, we look forward to the question of nuclear disarmament receiving the attention of this Conference and of delegations.
Email address: unvfvt.hchr@unog.ch.
7.3 With regard to the measures taken in the State party, the Committee notes that the author applied to the courts in proceedings of two kinds: (a) to obtain the return of the children and (b) to obtain effective access to his children and assert his right of custody.
Mr. Peter Silverberg
1. Upon approval of the Council, the Committee may inform the States parties, through the SecretaryGeneral, of its wishes regarding the form and contents of the reports to be submitted under article 16 of the Covenant and the programme established by Council resolution 1988/4.
The experiment result shows that this method is very valid for the forecast of highway passenger quantity.
Tom a ealed to the higher court agai this sentence.
The Palestinian government has been unable to obtain permits to build necessary classrooms or upgrade severely dilapidated buildings.
 16. The situation in Mozambique.
Blue Beard called.
I. Introduction
Other members of the Commission favoured the traditional view supported by the Nottebohm decision.
Those Were the Days
7. On 11 May 2009, the United Nations Security Council had, following a ministerial meeting on the situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question, adopted a Presidential Statement (S/PRST/2009/14), stressing the urgency of reaching comprehensive peace in the Middle East.
I'll finish it this afternoon when I come back from class
That means about 5.5 out of every 1,000 school-age children have been diagnosed with autism.
On the contrary, it resulted from the unstinting measures which the State is taking in this area.
Toshiki Yui
89. During the period under review, the Government provided two replies on one outstanding case.
The Committee notes that the proposed conversion of temporary IMIS posts to established regular budget posts under section 29C is not explained in the document.
(a) During consideration of Mexico's report under the universal periodic review, some States called for the abolition of the practice of preventive custody;
25. The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question (3 October 2000; 23 June 2014).
Don't you ever on vacation? Yes, but I don't travel on holidays.
Earth stations (includes regions and mission headquarters)
2.1.10 NON-ARMOURED VEHICLES
2.15 On 30 September and 1 October 2003, the High Court heard the appeal of the Minister against the decision of the Full Court of the Family Court that it had jurisdiction to make welfare orders for children in immigration detention.
Ambassador, we wish you all the best in your future responsibilities.
Article 11 After their entry into China, Chinese citizens who have come for permanent residence or employment shall register for prolonged residence in accordance with the provisions for the administration of residence.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.9
163. The weakness of the system and the difficulty that evaluators in Accra face to distinguish Ghanaian diamonds from diamonds of other origin, is illustrated by a shipment of diamonds inspected in July 2006 in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
Referring to the comments from the representatives of the United States of America and the Islamic Republic of Iran, she stressed that joint initiatives, which were increasingly common within the United Nations system, helped promote a comprehensive and integrated approach to the issues of gender equality and the advancement of women.
 Staff officers, officers, military units, military observers, military police, stand-by forces and all other members of Danish contingents receive training.
69. Governments have at their disposal a number of policy options to expand access to sanitation in urban and rural areas.
25. For the information of the delegation of Pakistan, he stated that it was not just a question of abiding by the 1951 Refugee Convention; just as important were an increase in official development assistance and the strengthening of cooperation between countries in order to find an answer to the refugee problem.
Even so, scaling-up multilateral support will require a massive overhaul of international finance.
Therefore, Taiwan's exclusion from international health interventions and control networks poses a serious threat to both Taiwan itself and the world community at large.
The Government of the Russian Federation submitted a copy of the following legislative acts adopted in the Russian Federation on the issue in question:
Municipality of Brežice
- Training in self-examination skills;
Test results were showed as follow. Relationship of compacted stress-strain was nonlinear.
5. Recommendations of the Advisory Expert Group on the issues have been sent out to all national statistical offices and central banks for global consultation in a transparent way, as requested by the Statistical Commission.
Precious metals have commonly been used as money for these reasons
Malaysia
Ante Gotovina
35. Two issues are particularly salient for Governments and regulators in developing countries.
Yerebatan Cd. Salkimsöğüt Sk. No:16
The argument by the State party is not relevant and does not explain the reasons for the restriction of their right to vote.
Yeh Hsien-hsiu
In August 2010, the Council issued a report on "Mental health and development: integrating mental health into all development efforts, including the Millennium Development Goals".
*Cartagena Agreement JUNAC
Remember: Nothing is impossible for a willing heart.
45. I remain deeply concerned about the continued presence of the armed forces and police of the Government of the Sudan and of the South Sudan Police Service in the Abyei Area, which is at variance with earlier commitments made by the two parties in the 20 June Agreement.
3.9 Conduct of a comprehensive salary survey for national staff in field missions on a cycle of 4 years (maximum), or as required
Item 9 of the provisional agenda*
Sandwiched between hard plates, they discharge a rapidly expanding gas to absorb energy from a warhead.
This identification process is undertaken by the UnderSecretaries-General for Peacekeeping Operations and Field Support in a strategic review process which has been enhanced by the participation of the Controller.
HIPCs, most of which were in Africa, would benefit from full multilateral debt cancellation amounting to 33 billion euros.
The door of the room was shut. The Princess wanted to go in and see what was in this room.
6.10 Thus, according to the State party, in his comments, the author does not supply additional information to substantiate his argument as to his innocence or provide any evidence on the use of unlawful methods of investigation in relation to him.
When we love someone, it's a reflection of loving ourselves.
It was found in concentrations of 29 to 850 pico grammes per cubic metre of air. A micro gramme is one trillionth of a gramme.
He believes everything will be okay in the end. If it is not okay, it is not end.
6. Adoption of the report.
So, the committee decided it would be less costly, overall, to build a canal in Nicaragua.
Tag bombing
1. Summary records of the public meetings of the Sub—Commission and its working groups, where authorized and required, shall be prepared by the Secretariat.
This phenomenon serves to discourage and penalize African efforts to develop, and should be eliminated with respect to African products.
Adopted unanimously at the 6249th meeting.
1. Takes note with satisfaction of the report of the Secretary-General;1
379. The official travel requirements are described below:
21. Date and place of the sixteenth session.
People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories
And is expressed by such a heart, let her enter one and act the part of marketing Sichuan Cuisine, marketing Chengdu conscientiously and unconsciously.
33. The set of principles for the protection and promotion of human rights through action to combat impunity, as updated in 2005 by the independent expert appointed for that purpose (A/CN.4/2005/102/Add.1), also spells out the obligations of States to inform society of what has happened and recognizes the inalienable right of every people to know the truth (principle 2), emphasizing also the preservation and facilitation of access to archives (principles 14 and 15).
 This Treaty shall remain in force for as long as at least three States Parties remain bound by it.
This is a time when deficits are what we need, not a problem.
Yes, I do. I have a nice mountain bike.
1. If the Committee considers that the information received and/or compiled on its own initiative is reliable and appears to indicate grave or systematic violations of rights set forth in the Covenant by the State party concerned, the Committee, through the Secretary-General, shall invite the State party to submit observations with regard to that information within fixed time limits.
Once upon a time, there was a lazy pig. He did not like to work, and he wished that there were many foods falling from the sky every day.
 States must take all necessary measures to establish, when appropriate, their jurisdiction over the crimes in question. 4/ They must cooperate not only on matters of judicial assistance, but also in the prevention of the relevant crimes.
Response to recommendations addressed exclusively to UNDP
Continuation and conclution of general discussion
at the southern mountain foot of Hong Kong Island, were completed in 1932. They are the last reservoirs built on the Hong Kong Island with a total storage capacity of 1.26 million cubic metres.
Sixteen experts from 15 countries and UNMOVIC staff attended the course, which was devoted to enhancing the trainees' technical knowledge and practical skills to conduct monitoring of biological production facilities.
This represents an increase of 61 million people, or 9.74 per cent, compared with figures for the end of 2002.
( 17 Unfortunately your price appears to be higher than ever.
Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with songs, with tabret, and with harp showline;
(c) Tele-medicine for rural populations.
5. The provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 shall be without prejudice to the right of any State Party having a claim to jurisdiction in accordance with article 6, paragraph 1, subparagraph (c), or paragraph 2, subparagraph (a), to invite the International Committee of the Red Cross to communicate with and visit the alleged offender.
Westfalia Separator Environmental Systems is a worldwide leading supplier of decanter centrifuges.
The excellence, however, of poor old Mr. ? Goodenough had not been wonderful .
Films shot in Romania
Even if some people challenge the new Government's representativeness to some extent, it enjoys the
Everywhere the issue of land and peace confronts us, and shows few signs of going away.
How about ice cream?
It also urges the State party to improve women's access to quality and affordable health care and health-related services, particularly in rural areas.
This fact notwithstanding, the experience in building capacity in the telecommunication sector in one country demonstrates that high quality technical support from a small technical agency can have a very considerable positive impact on the development of a country.
B. Requirements
Tuesday, 24 November 2009, from 3 to 4.30 p.m. in Conference Room B.
11. Field offices will be established in each of the 10 states in South Sudan, namely Northern Bahr el Ghazal, Western Bahr el Ghazal, Lakes, Warrap, Jonglei, Unity, Upper Nile, Western Equatoria, Central Equatoria and Eastern Equatoria.
4. The Chinese Government attaches great importance to the well-being of the 23 million Taiwan compatriots and understands their aspiration for and feeling about participating in international activities.
Population dynamics, including urbanization, must be integrated into development planning and the capacity of local governments strengthened to ensure effective and integrated urban and rural planning and management.
Her job was to take care of the wounded soldier.
A blunt instrument To be manipulated and then discarded.
An avalanche of last-minute claims for millions of square kilometres of the seabed is pouring in to the United Nations office in advance of an international deadline for demarcating possession of the ocean floor.
5. The evaluation used a combination of desk reviews of material, field visits to nine selected countries and interviews with various stakeholders, including an extensive use of on-line interviews.
Peru
 44. The other decisive element of the unemployment benefit was the replacement rate - the ratio of benefit payments to former gross earnings - which was higher in the initial period of the entitlement and had also changed over the years.
Recalling its resolution 63/115 of 5 December 2008 on cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons,
In parallel to that internal effort, continuous consultations should be initiated between the Special Committee and the administering Powers with a view to facilitating the task of visiting missions.
That literature is in circulation to this day in the languages of more than 1 billion Muslims: Arabic, Turkic, Farsi, Urdu, Hindi, Malay and Javanese.
Article 96 Where a limited liability company is changed into a joint stock limited company, the total amount of the paid-in capital shall be not less than the total amount of the net assets.
Most important, I dont want to let myself down!
Estimate 2008-2009: 65 per cent
The improvements of the clinical symptoms in both groups were observed after treatment respectively.
Care must therefore be taken to ensure that macroeconomic policies place special attention on real objectives, including economic activity and employment. Contents
It was also suggested that it would be advisable to add a reference to paragraph 1 after the reference to subparagraphs (p) to (t).
I. INTRODUCTION
In the Pinochet case, the question of immunity of a former Head of State from the criminal jurisdiction of the United Kingdom arose in connection with the consideration of Spain's request for his extradition.
WHO is working with partners to support national efforts in implementing those guidelines.
The Supreme Council renewed its demand to make the Middle East, including the Gulf region, into a zone free of weapons of mass destruction.
It's wrapped in candy-striped red with a number-seven holly-green bow.
Environmental groups say illegal fishing and under - reporting might mean there are even fewer bluefin than estimates suggest.
26. Despite the UNCCD's strengths as a strategic tool aiming at both protecting the environment and eradicating poverty, the level of financial support for desertification-related activities has stagnated during the past decade.
The Purge
Kir Fard
Group of 77 (on humanitarian issues)
The creation of a civil-liberties board to ensure that government actions are monitored for their privacy has also stalled out, the report says.
You look her square in the eyes, You plant your feet in the ground, Oh,god.
3. Session III: The role of competition policy in promoting economic development
:: Interface on behalf of EULEX with officials of the northern municipalities who are not prepared to meet with EULEX to discuss issues of practical concern in the areas of police, customs, justice, boundaries, Serbian patrimony, transportation and infrastructure
Principle No. 10. Recourse procedures in the ordinary courts 38 - 39 16
41. Under the terms of paragraphs 6 and 9 of resolution 19/24, the Human Rights Council:
VI. Releasing the development potential of return migrants
Others say, break them up into new companies without any government support, or sell them to other businesses.
As the labour force grows rapidly in many less developed countries, the demand for migrant labour is likely to increase in the developed world and an increasing number of middle-income economies, as is the demand for skilled labour globally.
The international community and relevant regional and national reporting entities should work together to develop common and high-quality reporting tools and share information resources and expertise.
Civil Division counsel attend the Mediation Workshop organised by the division at the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (May 2007).
Crucial focal point is not to cut expenditure or product price, reduce wrong expenditure however.
However, Mexico had to express disappointment with the final outcome document.
Bhutan
194. The table provides information on the aggregate remuneration of the executive management personnel.
The division of functions and powers between the central and local state organs is guided by the principle of giving full scope to the initiative and enthusiasm of the local authorities under the unified leadership of the central authorities.
20. Draft resolution A/C.6/64/L.19 was adopted.
(a) To develop an idea about the actors and key players within the wider community with an interest or capacity to contribute to crime prevention and raising awareness of the criminal justice process and to discuss the benefits of such participation;
Under such a scheme, an employer that is unable to offer such employment must make a contribution to a common fund, which is usually designed to conduct activities that empower persons with disabilities.
Unbelievable, the two girls start to hang out.
Should this application meet with your favorable consideration, I will do my utmost to justify the confidence you may repose in me,office for a personal interview at any time that us convenient.5.
Tom: Because they are rednecks.
29 Jul 2008
 My Government has been able to manage the tremendous social costs because of large contributions from individual taxpayers.
SISSAN Food and nutritional security monitoring information system
Direct access to the Global Environment Facility (GEF), recently approved, would enable the Organization to develop the capabilities to achieve the objectives set out in the Business Plan on the Role and Functions of UNIDO adopted in 1997.
Both are the expression of viable forms of human interaction and behaviour.
2015 in Yemen
The hearing shall be arranged according to the following procedure: (1) To request a hearing, the party shall do it within three days after being notified by the administrative organ; (2) The administrative organ shall, seven days before the hearing is held, notify the party of the time and place for the hearing; (3) The hearing shall be held openly, except where State secrets, business secrets or private affairs are involved; (4) The hearing shall be presided over by a person other than the investigator of the case designated by the administrative organ; if the party believes that the person has a direct interest in the current case, he shall have the right to apply for the person's withdrawal; (5) The party may participate in the hearing in person, or he may entrust one or two persons to act on his behalf; (6) The investigator shall, when the hearing is conducted, put forward the facts about the violations of law committed by the party, the evidence and recommendation for administrative penalty; the party may defend himself and make cross-examination; and (7) Written record shall be made for the hearing; the written record shall be shown to the party for checking, and when the party acknowledges that the record is free of error, he shall sign or affix his seal to it.
76. Report of the International Criminal Court.
71. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 15 February, the Preparatory Committee heard statements made by the representatives of Australia, Canada, Denmark and Norway.
62. The following examples of national experience show that closing gaps in social protection coverage contributes to reducing poverty, inequality, social insecurity and social exclusion, and to promoting sustainable economic and social development.
7. Other business.
By its resolution 1667 (2006) of 31 March 2006, the Council extended the mandate of the Mission to 30 September 2006 and decided to keep the troop strength ceiling of UNMIL at 15,250.
Published in Spanish: http://www.uc3m.es/cisg/sespan61.htm and Aranzadi/Westlaw (RA 2007/4004)
While the Division should not be blamed for the inadequate coordination among agencies, it was important that these two recommendations on improving coordination be implemented quickly and effectively.
In the southern provinces, when at-home delivery was practiced, the ratios were among the highest.
But if treatment has been delayed, the patient may be left with recurring ulcers and permanent damage.
18.4.1.4 Test criteria and method of assessing results
They have all moved down the board.
There will be gas. lt will be fucking nasty.
Contents
Such organizations are of "a military nature" and are formed "for the purpose of engaging in combat"; they have a "cause" to be won through combat, either armed or unarmed.
In Somalia, for example, non-governmental organizations argued that the United Nations support for the Transitional Federal Government undermined its ability to negotiate access with non-State armed groups.
The height of quantum dot has more influence on luminescent properties than the radial of quantum dot with the built-in electric field.
Dorota, you may be excused now.
As for American, it relatively rich in resources and also has a excellent education.
The organs of self-government of autonomous regions, prefectures and counties exercise the functions and powers of local organs of State as specified in the Constitution. At the same time, they exercise the right of autonomy within the limits of their authority as prescribed by the Constitution, the law of regional national autonomy and other laws, and implement the laws and policies of the State in the light of the existing local situation.
This section currently links to the publication list of the Centre for Health Protection of the Department of Health. Reports on health status will be published in this section regularly.
Fifty-ninth session
UNHCR is operating with a working figure of 110,000 refugees.
For online application or application in writing, the operators shall submit or mail at the same time the related export contract (copy of the original) to the issuing bodies.
The servant can't read and write in English, but can speak English fluently.
Uvaria rufa
Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons
( What do they eat What do they eat?
Recognition of specific competences of treaty bodies
In the view of the Commission, the informal sessions were successful to the point that it was able to conclude its session one-half day earlier than anticipated.
Annex B to the Questionnaire response on the Australian CD details when the Australian Government has ratified the applicable IHL Treaties, Protocols and Conventions and when they came into force for Australia.
The Council shall submit an annual report to the General Assembly.
Accordingly, bearing in mind its observations in paragraph 30 above and with regard to the action requested in paragraph 61 (f) of the Secretary-General's report, the Committee recommends that the General Assembly request the Secretary-General to resubmit his proposal in the appropriate context, namely as part of the proposed budget for the support account for peacekeeping operations for the financial period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013.
4.47 hrs to 8.04 hrs
Cambodia launched its National Population Policy and is formulating an action plan for its implementation.
Following these presentations, Co-Chair Lorna Inniss provided a recap of the means by which the participants should engage further in the conduct of the world ocean assessment and highlighted the achievements of the workshop.
But could I learn it in grasse?
He expressed the hope that, in future, resolutions would once again be adopted by consensus.
David Dein leaving has destabilised the club and the manager.
:: Assistant Professor (Research), Indian Society of International Law, New Delhi (1984-1986)
On an older boat, the hull can only be surveyed out of the water.
She is the first woman hired to be the solo anchor of network evening newscast.
Q: Can you remove applications from the smart ID card? If so, how is it done?
The new Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the competent and dedicated team from the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs have worked to restructure that essential service in order to allow it to cope with a humanitarian situation that is not improving.
15.He noticed the remains of a snake which was wound round the electric wire.
So the key to all loosing, sales rework, replace worn copper sleeve, loose gear resize.
To realize it, schools' management, instruction, classroom and many other fields must have a whole and exhaustive transition.
Entrusted the collection of rental housing intermediary commission?
(a) Provision of support to intergovernmental policy deliberations;
An arrangement for off-site backup storage has been implemented.
1980s establishments in Malaysia
As the Commission stated in the commentary to the draft articles adopted on first reading:
Shockproof, ruggedized design protects from drops up to 5 feet.
Members may exclude from patentability inventions, the prevention within their territory of the commercial exploitation of which is necessary to protect ordre public or morality, including to protect human, animal or plant life or health or to avoid serious prejudice to the environment, provided that such exclusion is not made merely because the exploitation is prohibited by their law.
Vice Provost for International Affairs, Harvard University
The next one will be held in February, 2005 in St Kitts and Nevis for the 12 Caribbean countries.
5. Encourages UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS to harmonize their procurement policies and procedures with a view to strengthening collaboration in procurement for the benefit of programme countries.
We have, with greater or lesser awareness, destroyed this Earth which God has lent to us.
Natuna Besar
3. Since 2005 a technical adviser on elections has been embedded in the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process to assist and advise the Palestinian Central Election Commission.
The framework agreement, depending on its terms and conditions and the law that governs agreements by procuring entities in the enacting State concerned, may be a binding contract.
I. LIST OF STATES THAT HAVE SIGNED, RATIFIED OR ACCEDED TO THE CONVENTION ON THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD AS AT 1 JANUARY 1997 4
Would you help me stand if I saw you in heaven?
Memories Off : 2 nd is a sequel to the acclaimed love adventure Memories Off.
In that effort, young people have been at the forefront, and a new generation has emerged.
Those who are marginalized and lack such opportunities are more likely to feel alienated and hopeless and engage in high-risk and antisocial behaviour.
Time of day, latitude and cloud cover all affect the amount of radiation reaching the ground.
Which end of the tin of beans has the opening?
21. The analysing group noted that, while it is unfortunate that almost twelve years since entry into force a State Party is unable to specify how much work remains and how it will be carried out, it is positive that Chad intends to renew efforts to garner an understanding of the true remaining extent of the challenge and to develop plans accordingly that precisely project the amount of time that will be required to complete Article 5 implementation.
"(a) Conference services, including interpretation, particularly for the holding of special sessions, additional meetings during regular sessions and organizational meetings;
John leant over and whispered something in Mary's ear.
Lo Kong Wai
Different stimulus packages have been put in place, but there is an urgent need to better measure their impact on the actual well-being of affected groups.
The present section outlines recent developments and achievements in the field of nuclear disarmament.
We know how that movie ended, and we may be poised for a sequel.
Sorry. but you didn't feel the shot, did you?
The structure can allow the rod body to flex and deform freely in certain size range.
(continued overleaf)
But he still can not conceal his low ebb.
Pursuant to the Committee's request of 25 May 2005 on follow-up, the State party informed the Committee that the complainant was granted a permanent residence permit on 17 July 1998.
United Kingdom
Recalling its resolution 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960, containing the principles that should guide Member States in determining whether or not an obligation exists to transmit the information called for under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations,
Our primary consideration is to maintain the overall level and efficiency of government services within the existing resources.
The ugly girl was sitting in the wicker husband's lap, so he creaked a little.
Ratio of the opposite side to the hypotenuse.
Illinois Institute of Technology
25. In 2000, there was one P-3 legal officer dealing with litigation/appeals cases.
108. Constraints such as rainy seasons and poor road conditions will continue to be a challenge for UNHCR in many operational areas such as eastern Chad, Darfur, Somalia and parts of Ethiopia, as well as in a number of voluntary repatriation operations.
As PRSP is now becoming the primary mechanism for building policy coherence in national development strategies and in delivering development assistance, increased usage, simplification of preparation, wider participation and national ownership and control over the process and content of the document could result in rationalization and realignment with other planning tools and could have a positive impact on donor financing.
For eight IAAP meetings held between March 2011 and November 2012, an average of 39.5 candidates were reviewed for an average of 10 posts per meeting.
B:	I don't have one single favorite, but these days I listen to a lot of Chopin.
290. Questions were raised as to whether UN-Women was experiencing any challenges with the United Nations system-wide action plan on gender equality and the empowerment of women that had been approved by the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
Administrative Committee
Emphasis will be placed on leveraging technology to improve the processing of financial transactions, client services and the quality and availability of timely and accurate financial information.
MARK GARSIDE: You know, it is my religion, and it was really important for me and Wendy to start our married life off, in what we considered was the right way, in the eyes of God.
Convinced of the need for the United Nations to continue to improve its capabilities in the field of peacekeeping and to enhance the effective and efficient deployment of its peacekeeping operations,
The following objects achieved orbit since the last report but were no longer in orbit as at 2400Z on 28 February 2011:
In the United States, there are no federal laws about how egg producers house their hens.
Article 7 102 - 183 19
On 25 and 26 October 2002, he attended an international expert meeting on security equipment and the prevention of torture organized by the international secretariat of Amnesty International in London.
Moms should get more than a special day, they should get a medal of honor.
Two people were killed and 13 others wounded when a crowded bus hit an AV mine.
The 2006 high-level dialogue on international migration and development would provide a further opportunity for the consideration of strategies and mechanisms to address the many facets of the issue.
* To be issued.
13. The SBSTA also noted the presentation made by the IPCC on the Special Report on Managing the Risks of Extreme Events and Disasters to Advance Climate Change Adaptation, and the seven regional outreach workshops to be held during the coming year, which may provide useful input into the future work under the Nairobi work programme.
Japan therefore suggests that the role of this Commission as a policy-making body be strengthened through the establishment of an ad hoc group of narcotic-control experts to guide us with their valuable knowledge.
This freighter can sail around the world without doing.
Gender Advisory Unit
`And what if I don't choose to tell you?
Women in Jebel market say the mayor of Juba has promised to tear down these brothels and evict them soon.
Noting that the resolution did not make reference to any specific territory, the Committee decided to consider renaming itself, excluding the reference to "Afghanistan".
Meeting on 4 November 1998,
Chair: Mr. Salinas Burgos (Chile)
Hong Kong's economy has been among Asia's best performers in recent years, growing by 7 per cent in both 2004 and 2005.That boosted tax revenues, enabling the government to erase large fiscal deficits sparked after the 1997-98 regional economic crisis.
But Ethiopia’s people deserve more from their government. Press freedom is a start, not just because it is a fundamental human right, but also because vigorous media are essential to keeping societies alert to the kinds of crises that are all too common in Ethiopia.
As part of this ongoing effort, today WHO announces the publication of a landmark book which will guide countries and support stakeholders in creating mental health legislation.
10 - 11.30 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room S-1527A
As history has shown, for lack of sufficient capacity for intervention and common will, millions have died in needless conflicts -- inutili stragi -- that is, "pointless massacres", to repeat a famous phrase used by Benedict XV, who was Pope during the First World War.
Roster: Dayemi Complex Bangladesh, International Association of Educators for World Peace.
3. We reaffirm the entitlement of every individual to enjoy basic human rights in accordance with international law.
Additionally, Israel is a party to the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol.
The Group used this information to generate a history, or "baseline", of the types and relative numbers of arms and ammunition under the control of various Ivorian parties prior to the embargo.
 6. Organization of the Ninth Meeting of HONLEA, Latin America and the Caribbean.
In a collection of discrete objects, the click - and - drag operation generally begins a drag - and - drop move.
Bill's big brother is building a beautiful building between two big brick blocks
... recognise mutual and reciprocal responsibilities among the partners, subject to effective accountability mechanisms, taking into account their respective capacities and resources with a special emphasis on the vulnerability of least developed countries. (Modified Criterion (f));
(f) Two P-3 posts, effective July 2005, from the Investigations Division to the Registry Advisory Section.
The citizens of the Autonomous Provinces regulate the issues relevant to economic development, finances, culture, education, etc. through their organs (Provincial Parliaments and Governments).
UFO conspiracy theorists
Concerns were expressed about the growing use of digital texts, as that could render printed texts obsolete.
▪ The Government action programme and Bahrain Economic Vision 2030 emphasize a strategy of health promotion by strengthening preventive health and facilitating access to health services.
Now that you have mastered self-control, you are ready to make those dreams come true.
B. Regional and national preparatory activities
Islands of Shandong
In the wake of this call African leaders agreed to establish the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), in whose success we are all engaged in order to lead our continent out of poverty and conflict, ushering in a new era of prosperity and peace.
Income
Singapore is clean because we have people to clean up after us.
Most of you have heard the allegory of the pig and chicken.
Specifically, when they incubated the altered neurotoxin with mouse diaphragm, it produced far less muscular paralysis than the natural toxin.
The Maldives has taken the following measures in keeping with its commitments to defeat terrorism.
We have several opportunities to respond to the challenges posed by the scourge of these weapons.
The Committee notes with concern that, according to information available to it, the prison population is allegedly subjected to deplorable conditions, largely owing to overcrowding.
Trickle Up does not currently implement programs in cooperation with United Nations agencies.
If YES, indicate source document of national implementation law
6.5 The Committee takes note of the author's claims under article 9, paragraph 5, of the Covenant, that he is entitled to compensation for his unlawful arrest and detention.
Together with partners and donors, the GEF EO is currently working to support an emerging informal network, or "community of practice", for evaluators, practitioners and researchers who are developing monitoring and evaluation systems, best practices, guidelines and indicators for evaluating climate change and development.
(16) The Committee regrets that the State party has not so far adopted an anti-discrimination bill.
22 March
OIOS regards the establishment of the joint teams as an important and innovative tool in attaining the objectives of the mandate.
" You may be sure Moses did remove his sandals, but he also hid his face
(2)   I remember, I remember The roses, red and white, The vi鈥檒ets, and the lily-cups, Those flowers made of light!
They were hiding there from constant shelling.
The bright boy altered it to a circular form.
The meeting recommended that all member States of the International Conference should be represented in the expanded Joint Verification Mechanism.
Children also learn customary laws, expressed through prohibitions and limitations of what one can do in a community.
During his visit, the Special Rapporteur met with five prominent political prisoners in private at the Insein Prison.
You should go to the counter, just over there.
The main functions of the Legislative Council are to enact laws; examine and approve budgets, taxation and public expenditure; and monitor the work of the Government.
1. Demands that the occupying Power, Israel, end its occupation of the Palestinian land occupied since 1967 and that it respect its commitments within the peace process towards the establishment of the independent sovereign Palestinian State, with East Jerusalem as its capital, living in peace and security with all its neighbours;
Any one of these eventualities would be fundamentally inconsistent with international standards of due process.
● Correlation between Malaria incidence in Thailand and changes in vegetation cover using satellite remote Sensing techniques with WHO
81. The emphasis in the awareness-raising visits to educational establishments, is on the possibility for girls to choose careers traditionally reserved for boys.
The Commissioner-General's appeal was allowed.
Portugal
Mangyongdae
That's because more people created more opportunities for a beneficial mutation to arise, Hawks said.
UNSEQ number: E-00155
Licence to Import(IL)
The Committee also asks the Government to establish a compulsory universal system of registration of marriages and births as a means of protecting women and girls.
eg. She looked everywhere for her book but in the end she had to return home
CANADIANS : Please divert your course 15 degrees to the south to avoid a collision.
12. Calls upon all States:
(He quitted the job because he was sick
() B: Fine, thank you
The response has been to restrict or refuse admission to their territory, combined with other deterring measures.
Presently, we have to focus on the first and crucial step: rationalization of the work of the First Committee. Success is at hand with the merger of the relevant drafts.
Siepenstrasse 33, 42477 Radevormwald, GERMANY
(vi) Formulation of statements of public international law and analysis of specific legal issues in response to inquiries from intergovernmental and regional organizations, international and academic institutions, and the public;
(Country range: 8%-44% coverage)
Nobel Economics Versus Social Democracy
However, to present recommendations on organizational, personnel and management issues was not easy to accomplish due to changes in the underlying structure.
Question of participation
By contrast, Argentina rejects the nuclear tests that have been carried out, which run counter to that international trend and which diminish the impact of ongoing unilateral, regional and international efforts to promote nuclear non-proliferation.
Association football clubs established in 1944
Mr. Levitte (France) (spoke in French): The Ambassador of Singapore asked whether the members of the Security Council present in the Hall wished to respond to his comments.
Nevertheless, UNHCR's primary goals remain promoting protection and searching for durable solutions.
Pope Benedict XVI holds a press conference aboard his papal plane as he heads to Lisbon, Portugal for a four day visit.
Article 35. Prohibition of negotiations with suppliers or contractors
Lebanon (3)a,b
Coal is primarily graphite.
Master Windu How pleasant of you to join us.
His frown turned into a smile.
Climate Change - how temperature and rainfall in Hong Kong will change in the next 100 years
Available at www.pops.int.
The representative of Norway said that, as the largest contributor to UNCTAD's operational activities, his country was particularly interested in the management of UNCTAD's extrabudgetary resources.
It has provided input to the development of new partnerships and more holistic approaches that integrate peace processes and the development agenda.
Free of charge while stock lasts
These gains accrue to all countries, as long as trade expands in a balanced fashion.
The most important factor is that, as described in section II, the system is operational and most of the administrative work at Headquarters is already based on it.
There was a slight decrease in the proportion of annual extreme precipitation to annual precipitation but the decreasing tendency was not significant.
What was your favorite subject? Sex education.
He had an illusion when he entered the hotel that the gatekeeper was a detective.
For the biennium 2000–2001, as for the biennium 1998–1999, no extrabudgetary posts are projected for the Division of Administrative and Common Services, Vienna.
Profiler Attach and Detach: The ability to attach a profiler to a running process, and to detach a profiler before the process exits.
10. Dissemination of the reports 291. The Committee is concerned that the State party's periodic report was not made widely available and did not fully reflect concerns expressed by nongovernmental organizations.
Call it a failure of banking ethics or a failure of risk management, it adds up to a big bill.
Review of financial flows for the implementation of the Convention
Denmark Trust Fund for the Development Effectiveness Report 2002
Here is a stabilizing force, one of the hardest-working signs of the Zodiac.
Rohan Perera (Sri Lanka)
However, in view of the concern expressed by the Department of Management and the Office of Legal Affairs, OIOS suggests that its proposal be deferred for consideration and that the situation be reviewed in a year to see to what extent delays have been reduced through the addition of the extra staff resources recommended in the present report.
You have an innate sense of who you are and where you want to be, and thats where youll be found: being ambitious, vigorous, careful and always able to reach your goals.
The 18th (closed) meeting* of the Security Council Com- mittee established pursuant to resolution 1132 (1997) concerning Sierra Leone will be held on Friday, 29 September 2000, at 3.30 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
At such a beautiful place , don't you think we should also have a taste of the seaside life .
What takes place within these souls when they have but just quitted God, find themselves thus, at the very dawn of life, very small and in the midst of men all naked! JacquesDelille
State Report received on
Furthermore, the Committee has appointed two of its members to maintain contacts with representatives of non-reporting States in order to encourage the preparation and submission of reports.
On 4 March, the Office sponsored a lunch-time briefing by the coalition at United Nations Headquarters aimed at briefing member States and civil society actors on the outcome of the Ossining meeting.
Draft decisions for action or consideration by the Commission on Human Rights are set out in chapter I.
1 p.m.
The Cybersecurity Strategy and the action plan for its implementation were presented to the public for discussion in March 2012 and finally adopted in January 2013.
II. Information and communication technology
Gross requirements
Louignac
For 1998, the bureau consisted of António Monteiro (Portugal) as Chairman, with the delegations of Brazil and Gabon as Vice-Chairmen.
Unspecified Total Academic Non-Academic
32. According to a report issued by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in July 2010, at least 242 Palestinian structures had been demolished in East Jerusalem and "Area C" of the West Bank in 2010. As a result, more than 1,100 Palestinians, including more than 400 children, had been forcibly displaced or otherwise affected owing to extensive damage of property or destruction of livelihood.
Centro de Investigaciones Textiles, Argentina
UNEP does not aspire to become a bank.
Petit-Beurre
While I was getting awfully sunburnt on a stupid beach, JJS was actively working on the HBL, thanks man!
It goes without saying, therefore, that climate change, if not adequately and expeditiously addressed, will continue to impede development efforts, increase risks to public health, frustrate poverty-eradication interventions and reverse gains made towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Workplan for the intersessional period between the Committee's eighth and ninth meetings (agenda item 3 (b))
This is a Thai meal in a unique soup, hot and sour taste from the lemon and Thai local green peppers.
3. It will be recalled that under the procedures established by the General Assembly in its resolutions 41/213 and 42/211, a contingency fund is established for each biennium to accommodate additional expenditures derived from legislative mandates not provided for in the programme budget.
UNCCD Secretariat Information on national monitoring and vulnerability assessment is shared
"4. Expresses deep concern about the glorification of the Nazi movement and former members of the Waffen SS organization, including by erecting monuments and memorials and holding public demonstrations in the name of the glorification of the Nazi past, the Nazi movement and neo-Nazism, as well as by declaring or attempting to declare such members and those who fought against the anti-Hitler coalition and collaborated with the Nazi movement participants in national liberation movements;
Should you marry for yourself, your children, your parents, civilization or the benefits?
Or an undervalued exchange rate can help to export the lack of domestic demand.
1. The present report of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 751 (1992) concerning Somalia covers the period from 1 January to 31 December 2009.
69. Some current signs of increased funding for youth and adult literacy cannot mask the relative neglect observed during the first half of the Decade.
3. Instead of focusing on special measures aimed at eliminating gender discrimination, gender equality had been made an integral part of all government activities.
It also decided to request the Executive Director, in collaboration with UNDP and other organizations, in particular the NEPAD and AMCEN, to explore opportunities for greater cooperation with the African Union on NEPAD's initiative and to provide input on the linkages between poverty and the environment.
A number of proposals have been made in this regard; there is, however, a divergence of views among Member States on the issue and the matter remains under intergovernmental discussion.
The US Treasury report examined whether to replace the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act’s regulator-led process for resolving failed mega-banks – the Orderly Liquidation Authority (OLA) – with a solely court-based mechanism.
Tel: (+995-32) 465-028
2. Education
Any other business
The mental condition is the basic aspect for the externalization of the latent sense.
Type of Equipment
example, it has been demonstrated that rapid response leads to a greater likelihood of arrest only if responses are in the order of 1-2 minutes after a call is received by the police
Minced Red Bean Paste with Orange Peel
45. The enterprise risk management function will monitor progress and periodically report to the Management Committee on the implementation, updating and maintaining of the risk register as appropriate.
I felt that no words of condolence availed, and I let him lie there quietly.
Looking at the business suits which IT chose, IT felt a less inebriety . IT were extremeccly confident of IT sight!
(a) Noted that all space activities, including those involving small satellites, should be conducted in full compliance with national and international space law and with relevant General Assembly resolutions, such as resolution 62/101, entitled "Recommendations on enhancing the practice of States and international intergovernmental organizations in registering space objects" and resolution 68/74, entitled "Recommendations on national legislation relevant to the peaceful exploration and use of outer space", as well as with the Space Debris Mitigation Guidelines of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space;
Men will be obsolete.
There cannot be meaningful progress by talking about the relative significance and importance of free trade.
The institutional framework had been strengthened by the rule of law, respect for citizens' rights and solidarity and the priority given to social protection networks.
100. The Constitution mandates Government to direct its policy towards ensuring that there are adequate medical and health facilities for Nigerians.
Something must be done to transform the commodities sector into a dynamic force in the development process.
OBJECTIVE To establish Standard to quality control the Tabella of Kechuantina.
If elected, the activity includes accounting for direct human-induced activities that decrease carbon stocks on land which has been categorized as a revegetation area and does not meet the definition of deforestation;]
You always seem to immerse yourself in these characters.
It is necessary to focus on capacity development and sustainable support in order to further enhance the impact of activities and initiatives aimed at providing advice, services and support with a view to building an inclusive, people-centred and development-oriented information society.
The Chair introduced the item and informed the Commission that the drawing of lots for the establishment of the list of speakers for the high-level segment of the Thirteenth Congress would take place during an intersessional meeting of the Commission to be held prior to the Congress.
As a positive step, and for as long as nuclear weapons exist, nuclear-weapon States need to reaffirm and fully respect their existing commitments with regard to security assurances, pending the conclusion of multilaterally negotiated legally binding security assurances for all non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the NPT.
There she stands As if alive.
Draw a heart on her makeup mirror.
Support services
High and volatile commodity prices, fragility in financial markets and sovereign debt crises, and pervasive unemployment continue to influence the recovery.
The Return of Iljimae
3.6 Science and technology networks and institutions relevant to desertification/land degradation and drought are engaged to support UNCCD implementation.
37. High-level contacts between the Permanent International Secretariat of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation Organization (BSEC) and the United Nations Secretariat have taken place on a regular basis.
31. Under the item entitled "Policy, institutional arrangements and operational measures for addressing illicit proliferation, circulation and trafficking of small arms and light weapons", the meeting considered common elements that might enhance the African capacity to coordinate policy, increase the capacity of existing institutional arrangements to address illicit proliferation, circulation and trafficking in small arms, and to ensure the implementation of common actions to resolve the arms problem.
He was a good cavalryman and swordsman in the U.S.A. Army.
A/C.3/53/L.61
In addition, a Transition Team will be established within the Office of the Prosecutor to oversee (a) the preparation of the transfer of cases from the Tribunal to the State court in Bosnia and Herzegovina in support of the completion strategy and (b) the preparation of dossiers for all other lower-level war crime perpetrators identified during investigations, with a view to transferring those dossiers to the appropriate prosecuting authorities in the countries of the former Yugoslavia.
Agenda organized under headings corresponding to the priorities of the Organization
Social development because it does not stand still.
20. Ms. Hajjah Rosnah bt. Hj. Ismail (Malaysia) said that efforts were being made to reduce maternal mortality under the Safe Motherhood Initiative.
In that regard, I look forward to next week's adoption by Member States of the revised draft resolution to establish the Peacebuilding Commission.
The incorporation of the human rights treaties into the domestic law of Timor-Leste in May 2002 represents an important step towards the implementation of international human rights standards.
354. The Committee urges the Hong Kong Government to consider with the utmost care the Committee's suggestions and recommendations embodied in its concluding observations of 1994, as well as those that follow, and to undertake whatever relevant concrete measures may be necessary.
(a) Report of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People (A/69/35)
18. There had also been a decline in the implementation level of the general resources programmes in UNICEF, time overruns in the projects of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat), and time lags between the operational and financial closure of projects in UNDP, UNFPA, UNEP and Habitat.
∙ Small arms.
The new law have capped the crabbing  season in our are nota.
When someone has deeply hurt you, it can be extremely difficult to let go of your grudge.
Interest income
1. Except in compliance with the obligations of the Committee under article 12 of the Optional Protocol, all documents and proceedings of the Committee relating to the conduct of the inquiry under article 8 of the Optional Protocol shall be confidential.
Consent to be bound: Pakistan (5 December 2000)*
Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Public-Private Alliance for Rural Development (Council resolution 2005/42)
Host resistance and fungal  virulence parallel each other in the cross.
 However, some areas of occupational exposure may not be adequately monitored.
It lurches from a standstill in a reaction to the movement of the outgoing rock.
In direct violation of Security Council resolution 2139 (2014), Syrian armed forces bombarded neighbourhoods throughout the Old City, deploying aerial weapons in brazen disregard of their civilian inhabitants.
Impact of the budget process review on the overall resource requirements for 2013/14
Jobs such as these serve to acquaint thethe atmosphere of news gathering.
i'll never forgive what you did to me yesterday
1.15 - 2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 3
That's where campos likes to eat and talk business.
Replace the objective with the following: "to assist countries, at their request, in efforts to strengthen their national plans to promote and protect human rights".
The post proposals under this section comprise two new posts (1 P-4 under "Administration of justice" and 1 General Service (Other level) in the immediate office of the Under-Secretary-General), and a reclassification of a P-4 post to the P-5 level in the Executive Office of the Department of Management.
The Committee regrets that the State party has not yet modified the very low minimum age of marriage, which continues to be set at 14 for girls and 16 for boys, in contradiction with article 16, paragraph 2, of the Convention, the Committee's general recommendation No. 21 and article 14 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Agenda item 5
With respect to anti-personnel landmines and explosive remnants of war, we express our concern over the fact that international mechanisms have not addressed these issues in an objective and balanced way that takes into account the many countries that are victims of those weapons.
345. In the traditional custom, marriage is viewed as not only an alliance between two individuals, but it involves a set of relationships and obligations between the extended families - referred as umane for the bride's family and fetosan for the groom's family.
Maintenance projects refer to the daily and seasonal maintenance for the minor damages of cultural relics.
The Committee recommends that the State party submit its eleventh to thirteenth periodic reports in one document, due on 9 December 2006, and that it address all the issues raised in the present conclusions.
Ninth report of the Secretary-General dated 14 January 2000 on MINURCA (S/2000/24), submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1271 (1999), describing developments in the Central African Republic since early October 1999.
The state of Russia's watercourses and drinking water is such that the risk of epidemic exists in a large number of constituent territories of the Federation, including the republics of Buryatia, Dagestan and Kalmykia, the Maritime Territory, and the Archangelsk, Kaliningrad, Kemerovo, Kurgan, Tomsk and Yaroslavl regions.
The child's right to be heard has particular relevance in situations of violence (see the Committee's general comment No. 12 (2009), paras. 118 ff).
(d) Relinquishment of pioneer areas (resolution II, paragraph 1 (e) (LOS/PCN/BUR/R.44, 3 August 1994);
Mexican financial institutions and those constituted under Mexican law are required, under the laws and regulations by which they are governed, to comply with procedures for identifying their customers and with the unusual operations reporting system, in accordance with the criteria set out in the operations manuals authorized by SHCP.
There are many strange creatures in the sea.
They expressed satisfaction at information received from the Secretariat to the effect that the workshop would be organized in consultation with the treaty bodies, particularly the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the Committee on the Rights of the Child, as well as the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the right to education.
Even though many States have already expressed consent to be bound, we believe that we must continue to strive for universality.
Further, the Council met in a public meeting to consider the situation in Sierra Leone on 13 March on the basis of the report (S/2000/186) of the Secretary-General.
States that are poor or emerging democracies, or democracies in transition should be able to access the VFFTA provided that they are committed to improving their human rights records.
The National Association of Capital Markets Investors (ANIMEC)
Also vaccinating children against misers ( measles ) has saved many lives.
Pollution poses a threat to the continued existence of this species.
Work programme and change processes are effectively managed
Openness, transparency, accountability
133. The SBI considered this item at its 2nd and 3rd meetings, on 30 November and 4 December, respectively.
In particular, information should be provided on:
Availability of protective measures
Such a critical situation has rarely been witnessed by the world.
Third, as regards the economic determinants of investment, the size of host country markets is bound to contract in countries affected by the crisis and thus discourage some market-oriented investments in the short term.
2. Participation in decision-making, including obligations to seek to obtain indigenous peoples' free, prior and informed consent
23.11 Promotional services will include the issuance of public information materials, including booklets, pamphlets, fact sheets, wall charts, information kits and press releases; the creation of special pages on the United Nations web site; the holding of press conferences and briefings on United Nations activities; the organization of special events, such as the observance of United Nations commemorative days and years, round tables for journalists and editors, seminars and workshops; the training of broadcasters and journalists from developing countries and countries with economies in transition; and the organization of internship programmes.
The Board wanted to seize this occasion as a memorable opportunity to promote the work of the Fund.
Subprogramme 4
By choosing to join the Convention, these new States parties have made a critical contribution to advancing the goals of disarmament and non-proliferation.
Janet C. Wolfenbarger
Your partner is a dirty dog.
Total women members
The resulting investigation reports and findings, therefore, provide a stronger basis on which to take recommended action, which primarily relates to imposing disciplinary sanctions and/or financial recovery.
Helen : Have you ever  met  anyone you've idolized and they've turned out to be an idiot?
They point out that it may be rational for many countries to preserve this institutional framework, even if American power resources decline.
The former ceased operations in 2006 and there is now only BANRURAL, which has made it possible for women's organizations to participate in its board and as shareholders.
(c) Higher prosecution and asset forfeiture success rates and reduced court delays for serious drug-related crime casework;
Each waste container should be labelled to identify the container (e.g., ID number), the POPs present and the hazard level.
Several delegations supported the proposal.
Debt conversion
The results were presented at the September 2012 meeting of the Task Force.
European Union
My delegation fully shares the view that scaling up investment in agriculture, infrastructure and social sectors should be accorded paramount importance.
The complaint
163. The UNU Institute of Advanced Studies (UNU/IAS), at its new premises located next to UNU headquarters, launched a series of postgraduate training activities in 1995.
Phase II
Guillaume
ICT can play an important role in the integration of the developing countries into the global economy.
That means that any of the carbon dioxide that is in the atmosphere cannot get pulled into the oceans as it has on Earth
WS_VSCROLL Creates a window that has a vertical scroll bar.
The author claims that the State party violated his brother's rights under article 6, paragraphs 1, 4, and 6; article 7; article 9, paragraphs 1 - 4; article 10; article 14, paragraphs 1 - 4; and article 16, of the Covenant.
Thursday, 5 September 2002
The representative of Egypt then posed a number of questions to the organization, requesting that it not continue to evade responding to the Committee's previous questions on the implications of the ideas and principles espoused by the organization on restricting the freedom of speech and the freedom of religion, as well as on the terminology it uses.
The family ate together at the table. But the elderly grandfather's shaky hands and failing sight made eating difficult.
"7. Identify forums or structures that may further be needed to integrate the Government and non-government perspectives and knowledge necessary to realize national cybersecurity and critical information infrastructure protection goals.
For certain instances of death, the Panel concluded that the presumption was not limited to the invasion period.
The Board is aware from previous examinations of major ERP- and information technology-enabled business transformation projects that once the system is in place any attempt to redesign process or to retrofit it will be very costly.
The leaders of the two political parties in each house of Congress are respectively the majority leader and the minority leaders; they are helped by party whips who maintain communication between the leadership and the members of the House.
It should be remembered that laws are put in place to protect the rights of citizens.
51. Bearing in mind the extremely heavy workload of the General Assembly and the need to make the most effective use of scarce resources, the General Committee may wish to consider deferring to a later session items for which decisions or action are not required at the current session (resolution 51/241, annex, paras. 23-26).
Over the years, large numbers of Puerto Ricans had been killed, imprisoned and persecuted for their efforts to free their homeland.
You don't say.        Did you see his face?
68. The European Union was deeply concerned by the persistence of discriminatory laws against women and girls, despite the pledge made at the Fourth World Conference on Women, held in Beijing, and at the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, aimed at modifying or abolishing such laws.
Dhs wined and dined you in the beginning And promised you the world, And then they ultimately settled On a broom closet And you said nil.
  Under the rules of the game, you really never know.
As for the discussion of operational activities for development, a number of speakers had stressed the need for coherent programme delivery and praised the effectiveness of "Delivering as one".
The maintenance of intergenerational ties at the community and family level is crucial to all members of society and Governments should make particular efforts to strengthen those ties.
Exporters in Germany warned that the plan may spark a trade war even as the U.S. Senate voted to water down the provisions.
We are of the view that tight export control regimes are crucial instruments in the efforts of States to prevent both State and non-State actors from acquiring WMD-related material.
Besides , systemic analysis on the constitution of integrated risk has been carried through in the end.
Age 15 and over
This is however a broader consequence of the width of the definition of “injured State”, and of the fact that all injured States are treated by article 40 in the same way, whether the internationally wrongful act specifically concerns them or whether they are reacting, as it were in the public interest, to a grave breach of international law or of human rights.
13. The presenters drew attention to a number of factors that they considered to be relevant to the objectives of the seminar.
Frequent use of single-trip transport permits;
After the initial incidence rise - up to 231,000 VIPs in 1982 (accounting for an abortion rate of 16.7 per 1,000 women aged 15 to 49 and an abortion ratio of 380.2 per 1,000 live births), the number has declined steadily over the last few years, down to 135,000 VIPs in 2000 (abortion rate = 9.3; abortion ratio = 250.1).
1. Section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management
If already registered please provide your IB number.
Low-income families in developing countries are often unable to meet the costs of school uniforms, fees, books and transport.
The Council began its consideration of the item and heard a briefing by the Secretary-General, H.E. Mr. Ban Ki-moon.
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/68/76)
:: The Committee against Money-Laundering, which is responsible for the implementation of Act No. 35 of 2003 on money-laundering is composed of all the parties concerned.
 At a later stage, the Board envisages broadening its analysis, especially into the field of capacity-building.
It is important for the contracting authority to protect the intellectual property rights of the original proponent and to ensure the confidentiality of proprietary information received with the unsolicited proposal.
Since February 2010, there have been 99 reports of violence against humanitarian workers involving security forces or harassment by the South Sudan authorities.
159. With the establishment of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Centre within the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force Office, a number of initiatives were launched to promote the implementation of the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy.
Resident coordinator system
73. The Department was grateful for the assistance it had received from Canada and Switzerland for the dissemination of the results of the evaluations. In that regard, a consolidated publication would be prepared containing the main results of the evaluations on the impact of operational activities.
The leopard can't change his spots.
Ministries: 40%
I was laid alone, for the first time; and, rousing from a dismal doze after a night of weeping, I lifted my hand to push the panels aside: it struck the table top!
3-30 years
4. My Special Representative, Mr. Aldo Ajello, has already begun preliminary consultations with the Government of Mozambique and RENAMO on this matter.
Reports rarely contain any reference to remote sensing.
He go to south in order to looking for better future.
Data showed that middle vocational schools do not yet provide equal benefits for female students, and seem biased towards boys, with a tendency to undermine female students.
It also has designers who specialize in hotel furniture and technicians with manufacture over 10 years.
Henry Ge, chief representative of China Mobile UK, said his group would focus on three areas: emerging markets; overseas Chinese customers wanting to keep in touch with home; and 鈥渢he short-term visiting market鈥? which included travelling business customers and the growing number of Chinese tourists.
154. The UNU training and fellowship programme supports primarily young scholars and scientists from developing countries.
186
[Within 3 weeks of receipt of report and supporting documentation]*
G. Violence against Women
GTF to Provide Support to the Global Environment Monitoring Sys/Water Prog Office
The Indigenous Land Corporation receives money from the Fund to purchase and manage land for indigenous Australians.
How was she to dispose of Vesta in the event of a new love affair?
She associated happiness with having money.
:: 3,300 representatives of civil society
English Could you round to the shop for some bread?
Sculptures of deities have been carved with great care in butter.
As indicated above, WHO is required by the Convention to examine and evaluate each individual substance.
Agenda items 125 (a) and 140
Brown is its main body color, with some changes in different environments.
2007-12-03 09:18 OVERVIEW: This year, idealistic Aquarius shines brightly
PBB/1
I left my phone in the car, I'm gonna go get it.
The Panel has previously determined that it will, when considering the separate claims of differing components of the Kuwaiti petroleum industry, treat the entire Kuwaiti oil sector as a single enterprise, due to the fact that this sector is, in its entirety, a State-owned industry.
That is why we take the Annapolis Conference very seriously for its commitment to negotiations leading to a 2008 settlement, promising independence and dignity for the Palestinians and recognition and durable security for Israel.
95. The presenters responded to comments made and questions raised by the reviewers.
Rogers, Arkansas
Nasr Muhammad al-Bayya'
24. The trial judgement in the Nizeyimana case was rendered on 19 June 2012 and issued in writing on 22 June 2012.
As to the formulation of these provisions, France proposes that they be combined in a single new version of article 36, as follows:
Christian mysticism
Nonetheless, lack of funding for the Fellowship continued to be a matter of concern and all Member States should support efforts to maintain the tradition of granting the award on an annual basis.
This has contributed to the arrest of persons sought by Interpol, the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI), the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF).
The American educational system originally sprang from English and German sources.
It also means considering new measures to implement policies that will help fill existing gaps in the landscape - or seascape - of sustainable development for small island developing States.
Letter dated 10 September 2013 from the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
5 November 2003
65. Within the United Nations system, existing mechanisms with mandates specifically regarding indigenous peoples include: the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues; the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and the mandate of the Special Rapporteur.
One visitor to Yanukovych’s estate told The New York Times that everything had been stolen from the people.
History just comes down to so many chamber music, waltzes.
With the review coming 40 years after the entry into force of the Treaty and 20 years after the end of the cold war, it will be important to leave the next Review Conference with a common agreement on advancing the goal of the total elimination of nuclear weapons.
The second group of items procured in 2002 by the United Nations consisted of chemical and petroleum products, amounting to US$64.5 million.
35. Ms. Kalb (Austria) expressed appreciation to the Chair of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs for his efforts to involve civil society and the entire United Nations family in the preparatory process for the special session of the General Assembly on the world drug problem.
World's Most Advanced & Powerful spam SMS blocking & filtering app.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
How nice! I used to go skiing all the time, but now just don't seem to find the time. Where did you say you went?
I'll be happy if you prove me wrong.
4. Urges States to ensure access, consistent with relevant international and regional instruments, for all asylum-seekers to fair and efficient procedures for the determination of refugee status and the granting of asylum to eligible persons;
What an irony that a developed nation like the US is now a raw material supplier to what was only recently a developing nation.
It's on the Caribbean Sea.
:: "La posizione giuridica internazionale della minoranza slovena in Italia" (The International Legal Position of the Slovenian Minority in Italy), Trieste (Italy), 1981.
Contingent report on sexual abuse of minors by peacekeepers in MONUC
She will be waiting for you and will take care of you.
The Committee is concerned at the high and increasing rate of drug trafficking and related corruption in the State party (art. 12).
By paragraph 8 of decision VIII/16, the Conference of the Parties invited Parties and others to submit comments to the Secretariat on issues referred to in subparagraphs 7 (b) and 7 (c) of that decision.
Trust in God but lock your car; 20
You don't have to be a big corporation or make large purchases to take advantage of Adobe's volume licensing programs. Adobe offers two volume licensing programs for creative products: the Transactional Licensing Program (TLP) and the Cumulative Licensing Program (CLP). These programs can allow you to:
Christmas is a time to gladness or rejoicing . . . since tITe is no class.
The election of the remaining Vice-Chair would be held at a later date.
21. In this context, as outlined under the expected accomplishment 1.1, the Mission will continue to enhance its community work especially for providing assistance to relevant minority communities.
"I see three men," said Sister Ann.
Why would he do that?
Vegetative reproduction
Summary of the report
"But with paid leave, we don't have to feel guilty about bringing our shopping bags to work, and we can enjoy the best part about sales shopping -- talking about our purchases afterwards."
Reviews should be undertaken over a six-month period and a report should be prepared by each government outlining the priorities of its national ICT strategy, the mechanisms for continuous updating, and the procedures for implementation of the components of the strategy.
Sudanese Mothers For Peace
:: Counter-proliferation policy
National reports on the Fourth World Conference on Women suggest that the importance of a gender equality approach to policy-making is generally recognized.
The work to develop the functional specifications of the data exchange standards has been conducted with the assistance of consultants and in collaboration with technical experts from several Parties who are working on the technical aspects of national registry development.
GC.12/CRP.1
19.1 The present bulletin shall enter into force on 2 May 2005.
It hoped that the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants programme would be implemented in order to allow the speedy return of refugees to their homeland and appealed to the international community to provide adequate funding to post-conflict Sierra Leone in order to help the returnees and displaced persons to rebuild their lives.
Would you wait me for a while,do you go away right now in hurry
Thermodynamic Prediction on the Preparation of Multiwall Carbon Nanotubes via Chemical Vapor Deposition of Hydrocarbon and CO
This is the miracle of surrender.
Unresolved revengeful emotions like resentment, jealously, bitterness and rage can skew a person's frame of mind and result in them becoming a criminal overnight.
D-2
Evacuation of all personnel from the three tunnels was required before the commencement the blasting operation.
There is a fundamental right to good health that is being undermined by the globalization of risk factors for noncommunicable diseases and by insufficient action.
5. Under agenda item 5, the Commission, on 7 April 2000, adopted three resolutions: resolution 2000/2, on the question of Western Sahara; resolution 2000/3, on the use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the rights of peoples to self-determination; and resolution 2000/6, on the situation in occupied Palestine.
It is a new socialism.
Those people who have good education, and the skills Canada requires, can immigrate to Canada.
General Assembly
Since 1995, the reports of IAEA have stated that it has obtained from the Iraqi side a complete picture of its former programmes.
The substance of the organization's work in these environments, therefore, with its strong emphasis on local capacity-building and needs-identification and management is not intrinsically different from its work in other circumstances.
The Association organizes meetings and seminars on international days such as International Women's Day, World Health Day, World Environment Day, World Population Day, United Nations Day, Human Rights Day and World AIDS Day.
This project has been given the name of Svalsat and it has met a positive reception from both EUMETSAT and NASA.
93.1 Call on the Council to increase the number of public meetings, in accordance with Articles 31 and 32 of the Charter, and that these meetings should provide real opportunities to take into account the views and contributions of the wider membership of the UN, particularly non-Council members whose affairs are under the discussion of the Council;
 It was important, therefore, that States dedicated themselves to preserving freedom of religion in order to make the values of tolerance, implying acceptance of others with all their differences and peculiarities, a part of daily life.
Strengthening multilateralism requires a reform of the Bretton Woods institutions, which dominate the development scene.
By June of this year, Bank of America controlled 10.83% of all deposits in the U.S. without complaint from the government.
However, the user policy level is allowed to decrease permissions, which might potentially cause applications to stop functioning properly.
During the efforts to defuse the bomb, a Greek police officer was wounded.
Letter dated 12 January 2004 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
His delegation therefore supported the renewal of the mandate of the Ad Hoc Committee: the current momentum should not be lost.
The Commission adopted a revised version of ISPM 15, the international standard for phytosanitary measures entitled "Regulation of Wood Packaging Material in International Trade".
25. Also at the 12th meeting, the representative of Israel made a statement in exercise of the right of reply.
What you've said makes me itch to have a go.
Arteriosclerosis affects an increasingly broad segment of the older population.
35. Mr. Olguín Cigarroa (Chile) said that his delegation welcomed the adoption of the draft resolution, which would contribute to the stability of the international financial system.
A binding instrument to this end is now being negotiated in Oslo, and the delegation of Mexico is participating actively in those negotiations.
Agenda item 78: United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law (continued) (A/C.6/65/L.16)
Learn more about Scheme, one of the most important functional languages, in " Scripting with Guile. "
The Chairperson drew attention to a note to the Commission at the beginning of the terminology section in document A/CN.9/637 regarding a proposal made earlier in the session to reproduce the terminology and all recommendations in a separate appendix to the draft Guide.
The Office of the High Commissioner provided resource persons for the meeting.
:: The export of dual-use goods falls within the ambit of the Common Commercial Policy of the European Community and therefore within the latter's legislative competence.
Still, the coat was decent, enough.
Hear all parties.
3. Adaptation planning and practices at the local, national and transboundary levels
About 900,000 jobs were lost on average each year between 1991 and 1994.
b/ Unless otherwise noted, the estimated body-wave magnitude is that published by the United States National Earthquake Information Center and is based on observations of magnitude obtained from around the world, including from Australia.
Make sure you understand the services provided by the travel agent and ask for a list of such services.
Additionally, 38 States, not Parties to the Amendment have established and implemented licensing systems.
I believe you can get over this difficulty.
The solution to this problem lies in the implementation of a new agricultural model in which farmers contribute as real entrepreneurs, be it through the development of more sustainable agricultural practices to manage water in an efficient way, to fight desertification and drought through sustainable land management techniques, and by getting organized in the marketplace and developing high-quality products in order to respond to increasing consumer demand.
The most recent extension of the mandate, to 31 July 2013, was authorized by the Council in its resolution 2063 (2012).
Guidelines and tools for the expansion of coastal aquaculture within an ecosystem approach are also being developed.
The Inspectors conclude that in order to implement benchmark 6, executive heads should prepare the necessary cost estimation together with the ERM project plan, and in the case of a shortage of internal funds, ask Member States for funding.
D. Recommendation No. 4:
Increase/ (decrease)
(b) Staff members appointed under these rules who have been recruited outside the country of the duty station shall be regarded as non-local recruits.
Mike: I wonder how much those video games cost.
Presented by the Co-Chairs of the Standing Committee on the General Status and Operation of the Convention
Resource change
If such a mission does not arrive in the coming weeks the situation could swiftly deteriorate both politically and in terms of security.
24. Ms. Pimentel welcomed the recent enactment of a law on domestic violence and noted that the Government acknowledged that the ever-increasing violence against women was yet another manifestation of the low and unequal status of women in Indian society.
Saint John Parish
The scientists then compared how much nitrogen and phosphorus were available in the soil.
At the same time, there is a need to continue to study further the concept of the green economy, in particular as it relates to developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
That is the danger that Trump confronts with China today.
Similarly birth rate which takes place in the presence of birth experts has increased substantially.
A/HRC/4/G/12
May I ask representatives to write on the ballot papers marked "A", for the African and Asian States, the names of the three States for which they wish to vote; on the ballot papers marked "B", for the Eastern European States, the name of the one State for which they wish to vote; and on the ballot papers marked "C", for the Latin American and Caribbean States, the name of the one State for which they wish to vote.
Effects of the use of armaments and ammunitions containing depleted uranium
There was, however, limited scope for their use in research, as proteins do not vary extensively from one person to the other.
[10] Take a step at a time. [11]According to Jamsa, if you master just three specific taskssaving and printing a document, sending and receiving e-mail, and browsingthe World Wide Webyou'll be as computer proficient as most of the population
Box 3
Moreover, article 16, paragraph 1, of the Convention, though specifically referring to articles 10, 11, 12 and 13, does not mention articles 14 and 15 of the Convention.
Figure XV shows men mining for diamonds upstream (right) while women pan for gold downstream (left).
The number of women occupying senior posts in government, administration and business had tripled between 1991 and 2001 and women students were in the majority in higher education.
Import of Reptiles, Rodents and Miscellaneous Pet Mammals
Monitor and control of machining gap is an important topic in electrochemical machining ( ECM ).
Raids, cautions and arrests generally result in a shift of the sex worker population, often towards unsafe areas, putting sex workers at higher risk.
He asked his father to give him the paper to run and he eventually built for himself a multi-million dollar empire.
The law on the Legal Framework on Family Policy, Law 6/94/M of 1 August, sets up the basic framework on family policies, while the MSAR Civil Code regulates the family rights.
Annual publicity campaign conducted by the Ministry of Defence to publicize the new model of the Armed Forces, which targets young people of both sexes and encourages the presence of women.
(k) 1 or 2x 10 bed wards
As a minimum, the United Nations should, with each new operation, determine whether there existed an exceptional risk to the safety of the personnel under article 1 of the Convention.
The Minister of Justice acknowledged the need for increased financial support for the security sector.
Draft the townhouse on watercolor paper with pencil.
It has three important roles: it provides legal advice on public international law to the Government; it negotiates international agreements, or provides legal advisers for such negotiations; and it handles requests for legal co-operation between the HKSAR and other jurisdictions.
Such a decomposition greatly facilitates the formulation of the theorem of parallel axes for the moments or for the products of inertia.
They see the national economy as the sum of microeconomic decisions, and a supranational economy as the sum of national economies.
 Recalling the provisions of General Assembly resolution 2312 (XXII) of 14 December 1967, by which it adopted the Declaration on Territorial Asylum,
41. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
The confrontation, which is in part a leadership dispute within RRA, has prevented access to the town for 14 months and has claimed numerous lives.
The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 55 of A/60/727 that the proposal is made in response to the requests made by the Advisory Committee and the General Assembly for transparency and coordination of all aspects of training (A/59/736/Add.2, para. 17, and General Assembly resolution 59/299, para. 2).
32. Stations and sub-stations in minority areas have been opened in all municipalities.
Each design engineering office contains with Solaris and Linux based high performance workstations and a conference space. Users work in the comfortable and high security environment with state-of-the-art platforms at an affordable rental rate.
At this time two options for action by the CD exist: page 3
The influence of stove's heat inertia to temperature control is analyzed. The model of two digit temperature control is established.
They called for effective help to be given to the Palestinian people in constructing its future institutions and rebuilding its social infrastructure and economy, which were indispensable foundations for the full exercise of its inalienable rights.
For that purpose, the Guide helps identify areas of law that are typically most relevant to private capital investment in public infrastructure projects and discusses the content of those laws which would be conducive to attracting private capital, national and foreign.
In cooperation with Governments, multilateral environmental agreement secretariats and international and regional networks, including the International Network for Environmental Compliance and Enforcement, the Working Group on Environmental Auditing of the International Organization of Supreme Auditing Institutions (INTOSAI) and many others, UNEP also engages with actors that play key roles at the national level in translating legal provisions into concrete decisions, such as the judiciary, legal practitioners, prosecutors, enforcement officers and national auditors through concrete capacitybuilding and awarenessraising initiatives.
Main Documents (Page 1 to Page 8)
45. Mr. Kimura (Japan), welcoming the adoption of the resolution, expressed his delegation's regret that it had not been adopted by consensus.
We shall get out fishing stuff first and make some baits, too.
By the end of 2004, China had attracted a total of 562.1 billion US dollars in FDI, approved the establishment in China of more than 500,000 foreign- funded enterprises and created a huge import market of some 560 billion US dollars annually
Percentage
Programme of work
The eight new CEE member countries of the European Union (EU) - the group mostly affected by the downturn in 2003 - experienced the most vigorous increase.
8286. Consideration of communications by the Committee or its subsidiary bodies 51
How could a flower bloom from a bulb more than 18 years old, one that had not
24. We affirm our commitment to the continued implementation of supportive sustainable development policies with a view to the planned, equitable achievement of the goals of eradicating extreme poverty, providing basic services to the entire population, improving the quality of life, protecting the environment, ensuring the sustainable use of natural resources and changing unsustainable production and consumption patterns.
When the dew is on the grass, rain will never come to pass;
20. As part of the preparations for the talks, the AU mediator for the Darfur talks, Salim Ahmed Salim, held consultations with the Government of the Sudan, JEM and SLM/A in the United Republic of Tanzania from 23 to 25 August.
For now, there is no way of telling which companies will navigate these currents most effectively, or whether another YouTube or MySpace is waiting to be born.
UNHCR is also pursuing the establishment of a telephone centre in the remote refugee camp of Dakhla, south-west of Tindouf.
I don't enjoy feeling like a third wheel with my own sister and roommate.
B. Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
Article 50 If the parties fall back on their words after the conclusion of a conciliation agreement and the withdrawal of the arbitration application, application may be made for arbitration in accordance with the arbitration agreement.
When we exchange our time for money we are actually trading a portion of our life for the things that money can buy.
The data exchange between heterogeneous nodes in the representative instances of data grid has low efficiency.
Limited quantities of dangerous goods packed in such limited quantities, meeting the provisions of this Chapter, are not subject to any other provisions of these Regulations except the relevant provisions of:
39. In the same resolution, the General Assembly also decided that, if a decision of the Security Council resulted in the need for the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the start-up phase of peacekeeping operations in an amount exceeding $50 million per decision of the Security Council or exceeding the total of the $150 million referred to above, the matter should be brought to the General Assembly, as soon as possible, for a decision on commitment authority and assessment.
She went on a diet a week ago.
Debra. you just weren't ready to receive that message.
However, two key areas of controversy were the limits placed on the right to propagate one's religion for the purposes of conversion and the freedom to wear religious symbols in State schools.
The courses are delivered with the assistance of local and regional experts and address issues related to assistive technologies for persons with disabilities.
Extradition is governed by the Extradition Act, which applies to all Commonwealth countries.
Note Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
8. Welcomes the focus given by the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women (UNWomen) to ending violence against women and to increasing women's access to economic opportunities, as well as its work on building effective partnerships for the empowerment of women, which will contribute to the efforts to combat trafficking in persons;
Briefings, including the role of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations/Department of Field Support Situation Centre and the establishment/development of the United Nations Operations and Crisis Centre
Examples include facilitating access to open source software for development licensed for general use by all, thus serving as a catalyst for human resources development.
The Constitution of the Republic of Serbia also provides that everyone has the right to work.
The restrictions are imposed by: (a) designation of specific locations where mass events may be organized (only three rarely visited parks as possible venues); (b) compulsory payment of special services of the city (police, garbage-collection services, ambulance; those activities need to be paid, according to the author, from the city budget which comes from tax payments); (c) impossibility to conduct mass events on holidays, commemorative and other significant days defined as such by the authorities.
 My country remains seriously concerned about the danger represented by anti-personnel mines, and will therefore support any initiative aimed at establishing reliable control over these death-dealing devices, including their production, their transfer and their use.
With effect from 11 July 2008, the Index of Directors kept by the Registrar of Companies will be expanded to include particulars of reserve directors. For details, please refer to
While the sub-claims contained other evidentiary shortcomings as well as matters which took some of them outside the Commission's jurisdiction, the Panel does not recommend compensation for any of the sub-claims as the claimant did not submit evidence of payment and therefore of any loss suffered by it or its Government.
Muztagh Ata
 This procedure would also allow advance planning of the Assembly's work.
Genius only means hard all ones life.
I had a wonderful time.
Information requested: Measures to ensure rapes did not go unpunished (arts. 3, 7, 26).
As we elaborate on the Agenda, we should be guided by the overall objective of effecting a substantial, rapid improvement in the quality of life in developing countries, through the eradication of poverty and the provision of basic needs, namely, nutrition, shelter, health and education.
Grange chairman explanation says this pig as a child hidebound, raise deadlocked.
I. Introduction
We welcome efforts, in the context of the draft resolution on oceans and the law of the sea (A/64/L.18), to address emerging issues, such as ocean acidification, and to reiterate that ocean fertilization activities -- other than for legitimate scientific research -- should not be allowed under current circumstances.
Loss of use of bank balance
Some of our residents have threatened To stop taking their medication.
He was consistent in what he said, and there was no loophole.
It sailed across Nansha Waters on the South China Sea on Saturday after its departure from Sanya of south China's Hainan Province on Friday afternoon.
"The State Bank of Vietnam understands that inflation is partly caused by the rapid growth of the money supply," said Jonathan Pincus, chief economist at the United Nations Development Program.
This also involves every part of the United Nations human rights system.
In correspondence dated 3 July 2008, the Secretariat had requested Solomon Islands to submit an explanation for that deviation.
An observer from the United Nations Institute for Training and Research also attended.
30. Many delegations expressed support in aligning the UNDP country programme with those of other United Nations organizations, upon completion of the package of measures in 2010.
The sorts and creation reasons of unevenness are analyzed. Feasibility and principle of computer auxiliary diagnosis are introduced.
9. Notes that further action is needed to tackle the challenges posed by lead and cadmium and encourages further efforts by Governments and others to continue reducing the risks to human health, in particular to children and other vulnerable populations, and to the environment from lead and cadmium throughout the life cycles of these substances, including action to promote the use of lead-free and cadmium-free alternatives, where appropriate, and recognizing the specific environmental, economic and social conditions of developing countries and countries with economies in transition;
58. Reiterates its request that all content-providing offices of the Secretariat translate all English-language materials and databases posted on the United Nations website into all other official languages and make them available on the respective language websites in the most practical, efficient and cost-effective manner;
Could Cape Verde please provide an organizational chart of its administrative machinery, such as police, immigration control, customs, taxation and financial supervision authorities, established to give practical effect to the laws, regulations and other documents that are seen as contributing to compliance with the resolution.
(e) Helping the formulation of research and action projects (see paragraph 50 below);
This situation thus calls for a broad-based approach and adequate resources to tackle the spread of this scourge.
Four houses down the street Lori Drew  reportedly   laughed  when she heard of the suicide.
Steve Jackson Games
He gave no details of the committee's remit or composition, beyond saying that it would be led by "a distinguished non-employee" .
People who are effective speakers come across as more comfortable with themselves, more confident, and more attractive to be around.
They are preparing to open up a national debate.
And look at that address -144 Oak Park Terrace.
Equipment
Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, and the Occupied Palestinian Territories were in a chronic negative net exports position.
Scale hole, it is strong and wear-resisting, artistic and tasteful.
But within the next few years, astronomers expect to find dozens of alien earths that are roughly the size of our planet.
Administration of justice at the United Nations
Chi Virginis
The device package allows for easy implementation by the customer.
Ordination is one of importance measures to investigate the grassland vegetation communities.
UNOPS has also become a more active member of the High-level Committee on Management and of the United Nations Development Group, focusing primarily on operational issues.
In that case, the same registration and accreditation modalities as detailed under paragraphs 23 to 37 (access and accreditation to delegates) will apply.
This paper analyzed some kinds of elements which affected the changes of RDs, and had put forward some views on the direction of changes of China's RD in the future through some models.
There are no cases of women being denied, for reason of their sex, the opportunity to represent the country or participate in the work of international organizations.
(b) At the end of the paragraph, add a new sentence reading:
Target 2012: 15 institutions
They also stated that the exact identities of the missing persons and the circumstances of their disappearances were unknown to the Government.
The loans were passed by Congress last year and recently got the appropriations necessary to move ahead.
 (d ter.) Develop, where appropriate, criteria for maximum permitted safe noise exposure levels and promote noise assessment control as part of environmental health programmes;
However, since the Agency's first request for access to this location, satellite imagery shows that extensive activities and resultant changes have taken place at this location.
My great-grandmother would recognize only the church towers and the stones of the mountains.
United Nation bodies and programmes
She is really beautiful
- Strengthening of the Review Process for the Treaty of the 1995 Review and Extension Conference;
You do not belong in town, sir?
According to the Small Arms Survey 2004, among these, 300,000 people are said to die in armed conflicts and 200,000 in events not attributed to conflict situations.
Governments Must Stand Up for Health
It is our hope that the international community will be able in the future to enforce respect for its resolutions by the occupying Power.
38. According to the United Kingdom, the general level of crime in the Turks and Caicos Islands was low in 2011.
The amendments were based on information provided by Member States in response to a request that the Committee sent out in September 2002 with a view to improving the list and rendering it a more effective tool in the implementation of the sanctions measures.
For a truly unique dining experience, take in one of the city’s hawker centers: open-air food complexes filled with stalls serving all kinds of inexpensive delights.
5. The Council of the League of Arab States, meeting in Cairo from 2 to 8 September 2008, condemned the grave human rights violations that took place during the occupation of the State of Kuwait and the concealment of the facts relating to the prisoners and missing persons of Kuwaiti and other nationalities, the bodies of a number of whom were found in mass graves.
the COMPANY has asked the EJV for reimbursement on the basis of false documents or statements;
According to the Government, that measure was adopted despite an effective high-level dialogue on the matter between Belarus and the International Labour Organization and open cooperation by Belarus with the European Commission and its experts.
Wearing a suit at an interview usually makes a good impression.
Zwitterionic surfactants
59. Ms. Lucas expressed her satisfaction with the outcome of the meeting and the wealth of valuable ideas that the discussions had produced.
Design, arrange and frame blueprint of project financing, and assist or supervise its implementation.
“The breach of an international obligation requiring a State to prevent a given event occurs when the event begins.
However, not all clusters were innovative and dynamic.
Cuba is grateful to the Special Rapporteur, Christopher Dugard, for the results achieved in drawing up the draft articles on diplomatic protection and expresses its agreement with the Commission's recommendation to elaborate a convention on the basis of the draft articles on diplomatic protection, taking into account that the adoption of an instrument on that subject would incorporate into the text generally accepted practice, as derived from the judgments of the International Court of Justice and the customary practice of States.
If not, what time you would suggest
 (a) Reconfirmed the existing policies and practices of the free exchange of statistical data in various media, taking into consideration relevant copyright considerations;
We can't get it through the door because of its width.
Our democratically elected Government will present itself to the electorate on 7 December 1996 to seek a fresh mandate to continue with the policies that have ensured stability and development in our country in recent years.
Okay, I will allow dad, you, And biomom to walk out of here right now, Alive, to live happily ever after.
Company is an independent legal personality of a comprehensive import and export enterprises.
Undoubtedly, the US will try to build closer ties with Indonesia through greater military cooperation, because Indonesia borders the region’s key sea lines of communications.
Current trends suggest that priority attention should be focused on the illegal trade in charcoal and other forest products, including timber and pulp, and the illegal trade derived from various charismatic mammals, especially elephants and rhinoceros;
The horizontal alignment is not set.
UNHCR closed its office in Geneina in September 1992 and will continue to monitor the refugee problems of the region from Khartoum.
Flow chart When the secretariat has identified at least 2
Paul. it's time to go.
Is it under all of them?
In Lebanon, Israeli aggression continues unabated.
The virus is winning.
This period of exuberance was bound to wane , if only because we inevitably encountered the consequences of our success.
During pregnancy and after delivery women workers have rights as follows:
49. The Committee urges the State party, in programming to contain the disease, to consider the gender roles and responsibilities that affect exposure to the disease and core issues such as women's unequal access to information and unequal access to health care, as well as the need to restructure and reinforce the health system.
VII. Conclusions and recommendations
The prettiest girl in the office has fallen for him : he's certainly  not short of luck!
She was not exactly good - looking, but definitely attractive.
All indigenous representatives emphasized that owing to the special nature of their relationship to their lands, financial compensation did not provide adequate redress for the loss incurred.
The conditions under which experts can be recruited is further reviewed in chapter 5 of the handbook on special political missions.
The timetable for submission of reports was mentioned by many.
(h) Requesting UNODC, in cooperation with Member States, to continue reviewing the implementation of the Guidelines on the Role of Prosecutors and the IAP Standards with a view to identifying good practices and possible implementation challenges, and to guide the development and delivery of technical cooperation.
However, 53 sites were renovated during the period
I am sure that I speak on behalf of all of us when I express to Ambassador Náray and his family our very best wishes for continued success and for personal happiness.
Consequently, cross-border smuggling is again on the rise.
Suddenly the branch that he was standing on snapped off.
How old is your phone?
It preserves the social fabric and civic responsibility for those who are no longer gainfully employed.
(e) Land use, land-use change and forestry: definitions and modalities for including afforestation and reforestation activities under Article 12 of the Kyoto Protocol.
It was therefore encouraging that the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of nuclear weapons had been firmly established on the international agenda.
Shawnee Township, Allen County, Ohio
Based on calibration theory of array induction logging, the calibration coefficient is derived.
benefits due to disablement % of disabled regular occupation,
In some countries, a person who has entered the territory of the receiving State illegally can subsequently have his or her situation regularized and obtain legal resident status.
Currently, ECLAC is offering furniture and office equipment, while the secretariat is paying the salary of the coordinator, office rent and communication costs.
It must address both enlargement of the membership and improvement of its working methods.
Draft resolution XXX
The five countries addressed by the project (the Czech Republic, Hungary, the Slovak Republic, Poland and Slovenia) concluded that it had been fully and successfully implemented.
Fatou Sonko (represented by counsel Alberto J. Revuelta Lucerga)
This event and other initiatives detailed in this report informed the decision of the independent expert to focus the present report on vulture funds.
19. The Commission has moved closer to establishing a unifying theory of the exact circumstances of the blast that killed Mr. Hariri, 21 other named victims and a single unidentified person, possibly one of the perpetrators.
To that end, it was necessary to guide and coordinate the activities of international financial institutions with a view to improving the conditions in which the least developed countries were integrated into the world economy.
Lacking economic independence and an equal say in relationships, women and girls are often powerless to protect themselves from HIV infection because the tools at their disposal -- faithfulness, male condoms and abstinence -- typically require the cooperation of their male sexual partners.
Note: Estimated revenues not in the country’s budget calculated by the Group of Experts as the 10 per cent of the country’s crude oil and refined product exports in US$.
11. In accordance with established policies and procedures in the United Nations, provisions of $851,103 corresponding to 15 per cent of the estimated costs, excluding the provision for programme support costs, have been made for a contingency reserve to cover eventual shortfalls and final expenditures.
United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund
The state already has a political and technical implementing agency and a number of reforms have been incorporated into its legislation.
I. Introduction 1 3
421. On 1 March 2006 the Marche Blanche association tabled a people's initiative calling for the abolition, by means of a constitutional amendment, of the statute of limitations on punishable acts of a sexual or pornographic nature committed against a minor child.
In response to the improved security situation and the full deployment of UNAMSIL in all districts of Sierra Leone, the Human Rights Section is working to increase its presence in the field and has started to establish satellite offices in provincial locations.
2. During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur undertook a mission to Seychelles. He reported on the mission to the Human Rights Council at its twenty-sixth session in June 2014.
 The potential for employment generation through shelter programmes, including programmes of housing rehabilitation, is now widely recognized.
This classic fantasy relates the life of Peter Pan, a boy who ran away to Never-Never-Land to be a child forever.
12.5.2 There are further challenges of maternal health which include the inadequate number of skilled personnel and limited knowledge base in Swaziland, especially pertaining to essential and emergency obstetric care; inadequate referral and communication services which delays timely management of complications; Increasing HIV prevalence among women of reproductive age; limited or no access to ARV treatment for pregnant women who have undergone voluntary counseling and testing; high poverty rates in some parts of the country and high unemployment rate.
495. On 14 June 2007 the cantons adopted an inter-cantonal agreement on the harmonization of compulsory education (HarmoS), under which the signatory cantons will undertake to harmonize the institutions and aims of compulsory education.
(Joint Publishing (Hong Kong) Company Limited)
B. Report on the status of implementation of Conference resolution 4/3 and other recommendations
Similar measures would be adopted in 2001, and non-governmental organizations would be clearly informed prior to the fifty-sixth session of the Commission of the established rules and procedures.
(3) Except as disclosed pursuant to article 41 (3) of this Law, the portion of the record referred to in subparagraphs (p) to (t) of paragraph (1) of this article shall, on request, be made available to suppliers or contractors that presented submissions after the decision on acceptance of the successful submission or on cancellation of the procurement has become known to them.
On 18 November, detention on remand was ordered by an international judge for another suspect in the case, who was arrested on 16 November.
Philip was called up in August 1964.
Can I send a draft copy instrument intended for re-registration to the Land Registry and have it prescreened/pre-approved before lodging it for re-registration?
Investment needed to bring a company up to the standards of ISO 9000 and ISO14000 or a HACCP plan can beare substantial.
She hold her head up and stared at the somber December sky.
Sudan Liberation Army/Movement (SLA/M) (Minawi)
Sleep situation essential record sleep time and whether to need the calm hypnosis medicine.
No, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to charge you just ten dollars a bottle.
The analysis includes information available to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) up to November 2014.
1999/45. International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families 164
Some countries have already initiated the implementation of such national monitoring systems and they shared their experiences with workshop participants; refer to paragraphs - .
a Dot indicates that a response is in place.
Barrier - free facilities for the repair and protection should be timely.
Hawaii is a land of many contrasts.
Countries with large populations, and hence large internal markets, tend togrow more rapidly than countries with small populations.
d) Establish, develop, review and maintain appropriate effective national export and trans-shipment controls over such items, including appropriate laws and regulations to control export, transit, trans-shipment and re-export and controls on providing funds and services related to such export and transshipment such as financing, and transporting that would contribute to proliferation, as well as establishing end-user controls: and establishing and enforcing appropriate criminal or civil penalties for violations of such export control laws and regulations.
The Chairperson of the Forum is responsible for the preparation of a summary of the discussions of the Forum, to be made available to all participants
88. Children should be allowed to satisfy the needs of their religious and spiritual life, including by receiving visits from a qualified representative of their religion, and to freely decide whether or not to participate in religious services, religious education or counselling.
In terms of economic policy, it is hard to think of a greater good.
II. Recommendations regarding the legal framework of the national preventive mechanism
Table 2
20. A new national currency was launched on 9 January, marking the second anniversary of the signing of the Agreement.
The Panel worked with the Bureau of Immigration and Naturalization and the national police in order to share information.
Other staff costs
Act No. 20/1992 of 30 July, concerning urgent measures to promote employment and provide protection in the event of unemployment, seeks to strengthen job-creation policies intended to encourage the hiring for indefinite periods of population groups, for example women, experiencing special difficulties in finding work.
Table A.1 summarizes the status of implementation of all the previous recommendations while table A.2 details specifically those recommendations not implemented and those recommendations under implementation which require further comment.
75. Drug abuse by young people is on the increase in many parts of the world and the situation is particularly critical among the young who are socially disadvantaged.
In the United States, children cannot return to school with untreated lice or scabies (Annex F information provided by the United States of America, 2007).
It should take into consideration the changes that have occurred on the international scene.
As a member of the United Nations, the NonAligned Movement and the African Union, South Africa affirms the territorial integrity of all States.
But industry spokesmen say what's crushing the major carriers is the weak economy.
7. He stated that, in view of the highly technical scientific complexities involved, he was happy to note that some members of the Commission had been assisting the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea in compiling a training manual for States to help them to prepare their submissions to the Commission.
Strategic evaluation
Twelfth session
(e) Encouraging expeditious donor disbursements to facilitate the implementation of the Palestinian Development Plan, 1999–2003.
Her Government was currently considering the formulation of a children's policy for New Zealand's official development assistance programme, including reference to implementation of the "First Call for Children" (which would be a focus of the forthcoming special session of the General Assembly on children).
; [18:20.22]Stay in your classroom until it is time to go home.
Improvements were done in response to our customer's demands.
Shivachevo
The less populated States and the States smaller in size have as many members, currently 12, as the more populated or larger States.
Life extension programmes for remaining nuclear warheads will not support new military missions or provide for new military capabilities for nuclear weapons.
6.1 Pursuant to rule 93 of its rules of procedure, before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must determine whether it is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
(e) Modalities for the participation of institutional stakeholders in both the preparatory process and the high-level intergovernmental event, notably:
Group of 77 (on Third Committee and related matters)
He requested a clarification of expenditure that was expected to total $500,000.
A rolling cycle of evaluations with respect to expected accomplishments and subprogrammes has been established since the programme of work for the 2010-2011 biennium, which will continue into 2014-2015.
A regular meeting of the Council of Heads of Member States of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (CHS SCO) took place on 28 August 2008 in Dushanbe.
Dominica can provide assistance in accordance with the procedures specified in the request, to the extent it does not contravene domestic law.
 1. Welcomes the peace process started at Madrid, and supports the subsequent bilateral negotiations;
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
Like a steel canopy , these trees provide shade for your car, shelter from the rain, and reduce the urban heat island effect.
14 June 2001
Distr.: General
Application of EDA Technotogy on Invert-Controlling Circuit of Aero-ground Power
(m) Follow-up to Economic and Social Council policy decisions
Besides the CPC, there are the Revolutionary Committee of the Chinese Kuomintang (founded in 1948), the China Democratic League (founded in 1941), the China National Democratic Construction Association (founded in 1945), the China Association for Promoting Democracy (founded in 1945), the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party (founded in 1930), the China Zhi Gong Dang (founded in 1925), the Jiusan Society (founded in 1945) and the Taiwan Democratic Self-Government League (founded in 1947).
The Israeli authorities persist in perpetrating numerous human rights violations against the Arab population inside the so-called Green Line and continue their challenges to and defiance of the international consensus by expanding the illegal settlements with a view to annexing de facto more Palestinian territory.
At the request of the Government of Gibraltar in 2013, the United Kingdom is in the process of extending the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women to the Territory.
Sixty-fourth session
Civil engineering works are now ongoing in Zhaoqing for the building of the infrastructure of the new rolled - products plant .
(k) Report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan (resolution 1996/75, para. 17);
A person can be convicted of both money-laundering and underlying predicate offences.
AP2008/600/02
I sometimes feel that in the current debate about nuclear disarmament the more distant aspirational elements are in danger of drowning out the more immediately achievable elements.
:: Complete data migration mapping
666. Dissemination was the weakest point of the censuses of the 2000 round, with important implications for public policy and the integrated use of population dynamics in development planning.
In light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.56, draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.40 was withdrawn by its sponsors.
617. The Committee notes that the State party is working closely with the International Organization for Migration in the fight against trafficking and welcomes that an ad hoc interministerial national task force has been established to this end and has drafted a comprehensive anti-trafficking law which is expected to be submitted soon to the People's Assembly.
The Special Committee requests the Department to provide written information on the impact, best practices, lessons learned and challenges in the implementation of the policy, to contribute to its review before the next substantive session of the Committee in 2013.
The section was only replaced with a gender neutral provision in 2003.
Through pre-trial and pre-defence status conferences, a Trial Chamber has the authority to streamline trial proceedings.
West Oil Investments Inc.
No matter how much he made he could soon be found trying out a new scam to fill his coffers.
United Nations Environment Programme
f) Placement in reception centres offering work or activities: these establishments either function as an adjunct to a CAT or offer vocational and organized activities.
Many countries were developing laws in that area, with a particular emphasis on registries.
N-connected space
The Sao Paulo Consensus adopted at UNCTAD XI (TD/B/410) states that a key objective of UNCTAD's work "is to assist developing countries, in particular LDCs, to design and implement active policies for building productive capacity and international competitiveness, based on an integrated treatment of investment, corporate responsibility, technology transfer and innovation, enterprise development and business facilitation (including transportation and ICT), competitiveness, diversification and export capacity, to sustain a high level of growth and promote sustainable development."
II. Management of grants
Under the new system, the Department provided field missions with suitable candidates endorsed by a central review body.
It recommended that a paragraph on the Fund be included in the latest edition of the Manual.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle鈥檚 fictional character Sherlock Holmes popularized the field when he applied some of the cutting-edge methods of his time including developing theories of serology, fingerprinting and firearm identification.
For instance, the term "agents" also appears in articles 5 and 6 and clearly retains the same meaning.
English adopted this form, eventually changing its spelling to the modern dollar.
- A map that delineates the southern maritime border with occupied Palestine of Lebanon's exclusive economic zone and sets forth the geographical coordinates of that border, that were drawn in accordance with international standards.
However, if the same party has been fined for the same violation according to other laws, it shall not be fined a second time.
The Under-Secretary-General for Disarmament Affairs opened the Meeting and delivered a message from the Secretary-General.
Office of the Chief of Staff
UNOSAT informed the Meeting that its humanitarian rapid mapping capacity had been activated 32 times in 2010, in response to which the International Charter on Space and Major Disasters had been triggered 8 times in its capacity as user intermediary, mainly on behalf of United Nations entities such as the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Development Programme, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), WFP and UNHCR.
I wanted to introduce myself first.
Karl-Heinz Körbel
I hadn鈥檛 painted a picture in 15 years, because we barely 15)scratched out a living on the farm in Missouri, and there hadn鈥檛 been money for the tubes of paint, and canvas and frames.
But the problem goes beyond Trump.
I take this opportunity to express my appreciation to the Governments contributing troops to UNDOF and to those providing the UNTSO military observers assigned to the Force.
As the only country where a majority of respondents thought that China represented more of an opportunity than a threat, the UK emerged as one of the countries most in favour of globalisation.
This plan is designed to help build effective asylum and migration management systems, to implement national refugee and citizenship legislation, to avoid or reduce statelessness and to support the development of civil society, including NGOs which are now playing a role of growing importance in the region.
Mindful of the continuing importance and relevance of the Conference on Disarmament, and recalling the past achievements of that body in successfully negotiating arms control and disarmament agreements,
We urge all those countries that have not yet done so to sign and ratify the Treaty as soon as possible so that it can be fully implemented as quickly as possible.
Members of Permanent Missions are invited to attend.
Reports also indicate that children participated in the fighting in "Puntland" in the forces of Colonel Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed and Jama Ali Jama.
The Foundation participated in the following meetings:
 The Committee must meet more often if it is to fulfil its potential as the prime forum for coordination of the United Nations humanitarian system.
(a) For respect of the rights or reputations of others;
26. Notes with satisfaction that in order to service UNISPACE III, to the extent feasible, within existing resources, the savings realized by the Committee and its subsidiary bodies in 1998 and 1999 in conference-servicing resources by shortening, as an exception, their regular annual sessions will be utilized;
H. Reactor safety and nuclear waste management
Feasibility Studies for Economic Development Projects
Upon instructions received from my Government, I have the honour to draw your attention to the continuing violations of the ceasefire regime by the Azerbaijani armed forces on the line of contact between Azerbaijan and the Nagorno Karabakh Republic, recorded for the month of June 2011 (see annex).
Part of the funds collected by the local authorities and idle capital collected from society at large should be put into infrastructure projects.
:: Violation of freedom of assembly
Headquarters address Sofia 1504, 35 Oborichte Street, Sofia 1000, P.O. Box 56
The members of the committee were to a man personally well disposed toward me.
They overflew the Samawah, Amarah, Basrah, Afak, Hayy, Diwaniyah, Najaf, Ashbajah, Lasaf, Razzazah, Hashimiyah, Nu`maniyah, Qal`at Salih, Jalibah, Shatrah and Nasiriyah areas.
MODIS has 36 observational channels, covering a wide frequency spectrum ranging from visible to infra-red radiation, making it valuable data source for a number of disciplines such as meteorology, oceanography as well as environmental monitoring. The high-resolution images from MODIS are particularly useful for monitoring fine features or phenomena like hill fire and haze.
The Code has been in effect since 1977.
3. Developing indigenous capacities for mine action: The critical importance of developing indigenous mine action capacities and reinforcing national leadership was highlighted by the SCE.
(b) Address divergences in business practices that prevent the United Nations system from working together in joint programmes;
A national meeting was held in Saudi Arabia under the theme "Questions of youth: realities and aspirations".
Finally, knowledge management and increased communication with all staff members are acknowledged as crucial to highly effective human resources management.
On the criteria used for determining the suspicious nature of a transaction, several States (China (Macao SAR), Guatemala, Honduras, Ireland, Mexico, Panama, Romania and Slovakia) referred to transactions taking place with an unusual or non-habitual client and to unusual activities.
Member of Experts Group on the Humanitarian Law applicable to Armed Conflicts at Sea.
I will be on business this week or next.
1. Takes note with appreciation of the report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of the first part of its fortieth session;1
CASE LAW ON UNCITRAL TEXTS
As he opened the door of his room he received a surprise. Instead of the usual stove-lid or potato-masher for him to dodge, came only words.
47. The Language Services Section provided mainly interpretation and translation services in English, French and Kinyarwanda to the Tribunal and the Mechanism during proceedings conducted before the Trial Chamber and the Appeals Chamber.
Shimotsuma, Ibaraki
Subregional office for South and South-West Asia
Make lunges from various guards at command at the walk, trot, and school gallop.
Comments are often made about activities which are relatively easy and satisfying like arranging flowers; but not about jobs which are hard and dirty, like scraping floors.
Spring Festival, of course. It's just in the winter vacation.
Now is the time for the parties to help each other overcome this obstacle.
Recalling Economic and Social Council resolution 1980/67 of 25 July 1980 on international years and anniversaries,
She would look at the jackets.
Another perennial concern for CARICOM States is the danger posed by the transport of radioactive materials through the Caribbean Sea.
Article 3. The development and advancement of women
Financing of the United Nations Mission for the
UNIVERSAL PERIODIC REVIEW
Those matters have also received careful attention during the various sessions of the treaty bodies, at some of the meetings of States parties and at meetings of other organs such as the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Human Rights.
In the case of head of internal oversight, the case would be referred to either OHR or OIOS depending on the nature of the complaint.
113. The draft text mentions that the United Nations Office at Vienna/United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime Property Survey Board was properly renewed through the issuance of a circular dated 27 March 2009.
Class work often drags towards the end of term.
Did you put your favorable impressions down in your diary?
They tend to use first names in most situations and speak freely about themselves.
As a result, the project was cancelled, thereby foreclosing the possibility of acquiring the resources for the near-term development of the specialties and services offered by the participant.
I'm not really surprised. Friday is always a very busy day at our office.
Official development assistance (ODA) had lagged behind commitments in some cases, although many donor countries had substantially increased aid and had taken action to more efficiently coordinate and distribute aid.
But the Company They killed Sara anyway.
Whereas the concept of a "public-private partnership" was earlier considered to be a policy term found only in long-term development programmes or visions at the national level, since 2005 the concept has been defined and regulated in several jurisdictions.
The oceanic basement generally forms at an oceanic spreading ridge and consists of a peridotitic and gabbroic root complex, an intermediate zone of basaltic dyke intrusions and a thick series of submarine basalt lavas on top.
Another night Dub and Joe fought Spize and made him forego the punishment they deserved. And even Billee, the good-natured, was less good-natured, and whined not half so placatingly as in former days
The answer to that question is no don't speak.
it is hard to predict the trend of the stock market.
Fürstenstein
Jiangnan
They included the importance of mandate-holders' maintaining their credibility, not only individually but collectively, and the importance of mandate-holders' confining their observations to their mandates and of ensuring that the information contained in their respective reports was wellgrounded in fact, not opinion.
(Population: 21,281 of 36,579)a
When you can always find the golf ball the golfer will almost always want you to caddie for them again.
Original: English
Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/2010/L.18)
All of these efforts represent a foundation rich with ideas to initiate discussion.
 Internationally, the approach is different, and the Governments of the Nordic countries are grateful for the report, submitted by the Secretary-General, on a comprehensive programme of action for the International Decade.
Again among the Sami, certain steps have been pointed out, such as (see footnote 13): the decolonization of theories, the development of indigenous methodologies, the use of indigenous epistemologies, and highlighting what is special and necessary according to the logic and understanding of the indigenous world.
He receives 700 yuan (US$86) from his family each month.
42. The disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration activities are complex and sensitive inter-linked processes having political/ diplomatic, military, humanitarian and reintegration dimensions and requiring qualified multidisciplinary staff to support them.
112. Georgia had 6 women and 27 ambassadors Plenipotentiary and Extraordinary in 2005, 5 women and 30 men - in 2006, 4 women and 34 men - in 2007, 5 women and 29 men - in 2008, 6 women and 38 men - in 2009, 6 women and 39 men - in 2010.
(d) The Secretary-General shall seek to ensure that the paramount consideration in the determination of the conditions of service shall the necessity of securing staff of the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity.
Recommendations of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights and Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery
It's not my fault you left the clothes outside in the rain.
The European Union attaches the greatest importance to the entry into force as soon as possible of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and the completion of its verification regime.
23. The duly elected Constituent Assembly held its inaugural meeting on 14 June 1993 and began its task of drafting a new Cambodian Constitution.
Your love life may a snag for two reasons.
The list tentatively includes Gabon, Honduras (or Colombia), Indonesia (or the Philippines), Morocco and Nepal.
I asked myself whether central banks were ever blamed for any inflation or deflation.
decision -/CMP.1 (Article 6) on the basis of Article 6 projects, verified under the supervision of the Article 6 supervisory committee, and the corresponding quantities of AAUs and RMUs that were converted to ERUs;
McDonald's thinks its new plan has a greater chance of success.
It is noted that there have been no recent cases of information sharing on corruption.
2. The Secretary-General requested nominations from the national groups of States parties to the Statute of the Court by 31 August 1993.
The Chair of any subsidiary organ represented on the Committee may also designate a Vice-Chair to participate in the proceedings of the Committee, without the right to vote.
The most important thing to keep in mind is that to remain calm when dealing the emergency.
That is all clear, and, I daresay, true enough,' replied Livesey.
37. The returns environment was also improved by increased standards delivery across most municipalities.
In this context, the Republic of Azerbaijan is confident that the approaches of the international community, which are based on strict compliance with the Charter of the United Nations and international law, will never be in line with the approaches of Armenia unless the latter ceases its destructive policy of annexation and ethnic cleansing, renounces attempts to undermine the peace process and ensures that the occupation of the territories of Azerbaijan is ended and that the inalienable right of Azerbaijani internally displaced persons to return to their places of origin is recognized and implemented.
When GM, having emerged from bankruptcy with renewed confidence, explored the possibility of hanging on to Opel, it was brutally rebuffed by the Germans.
(a) The Disability Allowance provides income-tested assistance to people who have additional costs because of a disability or health condition;
I am fully aware of the serious security problems that pose a threat to international stability.
 This has meant a focus on support for accelerating national action to achieve what is readily achievable.
Recalling all its previous resolutions on the question of the Western Sahara,
7. Effective policymaking and the implementation of employment and labour-market policies require the active engagement of employers and workers through their freely chosen and representative organizations.
Progress related to a technology information system 22 - 24 6
How many people are there in the room?
As Paula closes her eyes and tries to focus, her landline and cell phones ring almost simultaneously.
 No matter which idea is pursued to its end, the ultimate goal should be to preserve and ensure that we can benefit from the vast resources of information in a peaceful and productive manner.
VI. Disarmament, demobilization and reintegration
2IC of Reconn. Battalion
The Federation has collaborated on NGO written and oral statements on the topic of poverty and FFD, such as "Statement of Poverty Eradication Task Force of the NGO Committee for Social Development to FFD", September, 2001 and "Statement of NGO Debt Caucus to the Third Preparatory Committee for FFD", October, 2001
International staff
And consider if magnanimity, freedom, simplicity, equanimity, piety, are not more agreeable.
1.3.3. Improved capacity of national criminal justice systems to use and apply relevant United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice
74. Working together in global partnerships is vital if the world is to eradicate poverty.
I was none the wiser for his explanation.
Line 3: delete Nigeria
Logistics and operations support
Forms the unique esthetic orientation, here has the very big ingredient is the Confucianist "the Golden Mean" the thought way influence.
More of the same is not enough.
Test methods for transparent materials for aircraft glazing - Determination of temperature at deflection under load
Availability of national GHS capacity-building programmes
So his father always asks him to come down to earth and study hard.
8. NGOs often provide useful input to State party reports.
non-governmental organizations and other relevant sources 45 - 46 13
(h) Judicial and legal reforms.
59. Ms. Petrova's paper referred in detail to numerous cases of police ill-treatment of Roma as well as to violence perpetrated against Roma by civilians.
A skunk sat on a stump. The skunk thought the stump stunk, and the stump thought the skunk stunk.
Methods: Analysis the range of concentrate bid of Nanjing Hospital in 2002.
A workshop on "Identification of Customary International Law" was organized at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, in the presence of Mr. Michael Wood, Special Rapporteur on the topic, and chaired by Prof. Andrea Bianchi (Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies).
It was questioned whether this premise should be changed throughout the revised Model Law.
 This is a fact that cannot be challenged.
15. UNHCR is planning to hold a regional repatriation planning workshop by the end of May 1998.
COMMENTARY TO ARTICLE 3
We decided to buy a house with a garden on mortgage.
To resolve the problem of the state - owned resource enterprises, the separation bodybody is the important task.
This situation makes initiatives for dialogue among civilizations even more important, as are political and diplomatic efforts aimed at achieving greater understanding and rapprochement among peoples, and at spreading the best human practices, foremost among which are the principles of understanding, tolerance, solidarity and cooperation.
7. Transportation: use of motor vehicles, parking and related matters.
My main goal is to keep the state afloat, but I won't be able to do it without the help of new legislation, " said Mr Chiang.
Introducing the matter, the representative of the secretariat said that the UNEP Tunza strategy continued to generate extensive interest among organizations representing children and youth.
The preliminary set-up will include Ethiopia, Kenya, Liberia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Uganda and the United Republic of Tanzania.
Common problems faced by fragile nations can be grouped into four areas: poor starting conditions; weak governance and institutions; conflict and instability; and environmental degradation.
For some years, John  followed  his doctoral interests in High Magnetic Field Low - Temperature Physics of Metals.
June/July (5 weeks)
23. Encourages States parties to disseminate the concluding comments adopted in relation to the consideration of their reports, as well as the general recommendations of the Committee;
The Fed data yesterday showed total household wealth fell by $533bn to $57,718bn, as falling prices of shares and other securities added to the damage from falling house prices.
(b) To assist the Conference in encouraging cooperation among relevant existing bilateral and multilateral initiatives and to contribute to the implementation of the related provisions of the Convention;
If it didn't have all that jazz going on on the bottom, Then the top could have been a very cute, Sort of conservative little dress.
Rapid vaporization of the surface produces a compressive shock wave which propagates into the material.
I believed you, and you lied!
Time and again, we have repeated that the problems that we face cannot be solved on the basis of double standards.
For example, experience gained in supporting the Forum of Ministers of the Environment in Latin America and the inter-agency technical committees serves as a model for establishing regional forums in other regions.
It considers this agreement that consolidates a state union a decisive element in the realization of the European perspective of Serbia and Montenegro, and an important contribution towards the stability of the region.
 Significant measures have already been taken towards the total elimination of chemical and biological (bacteriological) weapons.
An Israeli enemy gunboat opened fire in the direction of Lebanese territorial waters.
Article 26 provides that a patient who was not involuntarily hospitalised shall have the right to leave the mental health facility at any time.
 12. There shall be established a reserve fund within the UNOPS Account to cover potential liabilities in respect of operations of the Office.
He was there with God when the world was created.
- Reports of the Secretary-General: (A/59/263 and Add.1 and 2; A/59/211; A/59/264; A/59/__; A/59/217; A/59/222; A/59/__; A/59/__; A/58/666; A/C.5/58/L.13 and L.__; A/58/283; A/59/213)
Requested the secretariat to compile any comments received from stakeholders and make them available on the Strategic Approach website.
(f) To amend the guidelines referred to in paragraph 10 of resolution 841 (1993) to take into account the measures contained in the present resolution;
Horseshoe crab
57. Significant midpoint changes (either as gains or losses of one post or more) do occur when the increase in the share of the population factor is carried by an equivalent decrease in the share of the contribution factor.
Courts have competence to decide, in accordance with the specifics of case, whether to recover, seize or freeze gains and proceeds unlawfully obtained by the accused.
General Bank Tariff
The change in path of the visible ball would tell us about the presence of the invisible ball.
If you know a husband has been unfaithful, do you tell the wife?
A liquid blocking weir is arranged inside the atomizing cylinder, and thereby the liquor can not flow out when the novel atomizer is flatly placed.
 The enhancement of international cooperation and coordination in law enforcement and intelligence sharing, and in preventing the illicit traffic in and use of explosives, weapons and nuclear, chemical and biological materials;
The Council further decided to reduce the MINUSTAH troop level to up to 5,021 personnel and to maintain its police level of up to 2,601 personnel.
The Presidents of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Africa and Uganda were present, with ministerial participation from the Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and the United Republic of Tanzania.
During its consideration of the reports, the Committee met with the Prosecutor and the Registrar of the Tribunal and with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
Finally, using a retrieval example to carry out the verification on the effectiveness of the put forward algorithm.
Fifty per cent of unemployed persons were females.
With the aim of creating an environment conducive to sustainable development and trade, the Commission will continue to follow two complementary tracks, one regarding political and institutional issues, the other regarding social and economic issues.
In 2007, the Royal Government issued a decision to create a National Inter-Ministerial Task Force, consisting of members from ministries/institutions and led by MoWA.
No path of flower lead to glory.
Abolition of 5 Logistics Officers (Malakal, Wau, Kadugli, Abyei, Rumbek) to accommodate additional posts requested under the Contracts Management Section (2 Khartoum), Communication and Information Technology Section (2 Khartoum, Juba) and the Mission Support Division (1)
Since 1999, pre-primary education has expanded considerably. The global pre-primary education gross enrolment ratio increased from 33 per cent to 50 per cent.
FAO Manual Section 317.2.1
The Commission noted that the doctor’s statement that the causes of the disorders had existed mainly prior to the author’s disappearance did not mean that the causes did not date back to a period following the author’s departure from his country.
Software copyright may be cancelled in either of the following situations: (1) According to final judicial judgement; (2) When primary information provided during the registration application is acknowledged not to be authentic.
It also finds a violation of article 7 and of article 2 (para. 3), read in conjunction with article 7, with regard to the author.
Contents
Satellites provide a global view of dynamic processes on land, in oceans and in the atmosphere.
In many sports bungee, your biggest rival is yourself.
Under paragraphs 4, 5 and 6: 100 per cent of the value of the goods which were involved in the relevant international transfer;
Nike fought on the side of the Olympian gods, gaining a victory over the mighty Titans .
This plan provides protection of disabled people in the context of employment, particularly for disadvantaged women, by the reason of being women.
Later, he was chosen by a TV programme to play magic for people in the street.
The Fund is also financing a project to control economic crime in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, a police training programme to combat organized crime in Croatia and measures to counteract organized crime and commercial crime in South Africa ($415,000).
The present report has been prepared pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 2003/34 of 22 July 2003, entitled "International assistance to the States affected by the transit of illicit drugs".
There is no rule that says you must keep every gift ever given to you indefinitely.
It is a landmark of the Nanxi River.
32. University and industry can be linked in various ways: for example, universities can conduct research that addresses the needs of business and industry, including the risks of employing new technologies; create their own spin-off firms; and participate in capital formation projects, such as technology parks and business incubator facilities.
In this regard, they highlighted the importance of a principled agreement to enable timely disarmament and demobilization of M23 combatants, while also ensuring accountability for perpetrators of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Hope to see you tomorrow to discuss it in detail.
However, very few developing countries are represented in the relevant working groups and forums and have thus not participated in the development of the definitions, indicators or tools for measuring ICT.
And after seventeen years of construction, Shah Jehans monument was completed and his beloved empress was moved to her final resting place
Why the criterion for the issue of No.9 or N.10 signal is different from that for No.3 or No.8 signal?
44. The Committee calls on the State party to extend the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees to Hong Kong so as to ensure that women asylum-seekers and refugees can fully benefit from its protection.
Paragraphs Page
I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the caul of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild beast shall tear them.
Assistance to women victims of violence had greatly improved.
30. The Assistant Administrator and Regional Director for Asia and the Pacific, and the United Nations Resident Coordinator and UNDP Resident Representative introduced the note on assistance to Myanmar (DP/2010/36).
Palestinian refugees in Iraq
As he spoke, he deposited his knapsack and his cudgel in a corner, replaced his passport in his pocket, and seated himself. Mademoiselle Baptistine gazed mildly at him
Zhao's death revealed a scar on the nation's conscience.
In the arms export field, in addition to the above-mentioned special regulations, the Chinese government promulgated the Regulations of the PRC on the Administration of Arms Export in 1997, and revised them in 2002 in order to strengthen the administration of arms export and to regulate arms export.
Faults and encirclements were full-fledged;
fulfill obligations touring bus tourism city certified restaurant/hotel for tourism golden week for tourism  tourism wave[2
1Date of receipt of the relevant documents.
The next steps within CICA will involve further joint efforts to implement confidence-building measures mentioned in the catalogue of CICA confidence-building measures, as well to adopt a common approach to new threats and challenges to security in Asia.
Each had a plan for reaching that goal, and each 3)devoted the greatest part of his or her thoughts and efforts to that end.
Overleveraging has been the cause of many past financial crisis, and will undoubtedly be the cause of those in the future.
"The Security Council reiterates its urgent call to the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in cooperation with the United Nations and other relevant actors, to put an end to impunity, in particular those bearing responsibility for gross human rights violations must be held to account.
32. El Salvador provided free health and medical services to persons involved in prostitution.
The Eurasian Economic Community was an international organization that had been established in Astana (Kazakhstan) on 10 October 2000, by the five countries sponsoring the project, which where members, along with Armenia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine, which were participating as observers.
A new middle school has been set up in the village.
Subprogramme 5
Still, I could not imagine moving them.
The objective is for the Framework Regulation on Prostitution Licensing to come into effect in 2009.
1 P-5 (Chief of Section) -- former Evidence Management Officer
China is fighting the Internet. And like everyone else who fights the Internet, China will lose.
The MDC has also been quick to accept this new friend.
(Shenhua Energy)The largest previous local listing was Shenhua Energy, a unit of Chinas largest coal company, which raised $8.9bn in Shanghai last month.
Better one suffer than a million grives.
If it were so, it was a grievous fault.
 The Secretary-General therefore requests that this amount be appropriated, subject to the guidelines for the use and operation of the contingency fund adopted by the General Assembly.
Red Digital Cinema
Cruise ship traffic, which accounts for only one tenth of tourism earnings, has increased at a more rapid rate than stopover tourism.
Think about your house.Each day you hammer11 a nail, place a board, or erect12 a wall.
I won't go as far as to say I'm creative, but I will say I have an eclectic taste, both in books and in my RSS subscriptions.
On a smaller scale, wind turbines provide homesteads and small settlements with power.
chenmq129 2007-11-07 15:28 Exchange rate policy has always been central to the work of the IMF.
The six presidencies that led it in 2007, namely South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland and Syria, successfully steered the work of the Conference, particularly during the first part of the annual session.
Online Forex Trading Currency Markets ( ACM ) is the one of the best place for forex trading.
594. The ARC development strategy features the following:
In the case of PCI-DSS, a requirement exists for protection of cardholder data. This is usually implemented with encryption.
There they were: one neat row of thick green bottles, necks staring directly at me, and ice cold from the refrigeration.
Conduct of 20 field investigations and assessments of serious abuses against civilians, including cases of sexual and gender-based violence, the abduction and/or trafficking of civilians, the association of children with armed forces and groups, and other violations of child rights
B. Annual appeal for grants for activities and seminars in a university setting
During recent years the Shanghai Cooperation Organization has made considerable contribution to multilateral cooperation among its member-states.
"On 24 March 2006, the Security Council, pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B, held its 5395th meeting in private with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Mission in Liberia.
Kelsen  treats  the law as though it were contained in a hernitically sealed container.
So she got up from the couch and turned the fireplace on.
F. Human rights
For their part, end-users need to be pro-active, understanding and open to the process of introducing new technologies in the field and to make use of existing tools.
First, the EU must become a true democracy – with a directly elected president and a stronger parliament – if pan-European decisions are going to have full legitimacy.
Establish the customer database and maintain good relationship with customers, especially key customers in the area.
Each of us is immersed in a sea of radio - frequency waves.
This is consequential to the proposed increase in the salaries of the members of the Court and the judges of the Tribunals to $177,000 (see para. 6 above) and is pursuant to the decision of the General Assembly contained in section VIII of its resolution 53/214 of 18 December 1998, which set the retirement pension for the members of the International Court of Justice at half the annual salary.
but just 'cause you're such a good boy.
Summary
2. At the 23rd meeting, on 15 July, the Vice-President of the Council, Carmen María Gallardo Hernández (El Salvador), opened the operational activities segment and made a statement.
8 Its all personal effects. 9 Ill pick up ticket at the airport counter.
Casin, Charlette
1. Implementation measures
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors (A/58/103 and A/C.5/58/7)
We made our way through the crowded dirt paths, and at one house, a mother of three whom Deepika knew well invited us in.
The United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development reaffirmed the international community's commitment to achieve internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, and called upon developed countries to meet the 0.70 per cent commitment, as well as the 0.150.20 per cent commitment for least developed countries, by 2015.
But they see little point in pursuing legal action over the relatively modest sums involved.
For women, the effects of gender divisions are predominantly negative.
Thematic focus: Idem.
Brian's unpredictable behavior and his involvement as Gus'father create tension between Lindsay and Melanie.
The Special Rapporteur learned from human rights advocates about the lack of due process for noncitizens in United States deportation proceedings and their ability to challenge the legality or length of their detention; as well as about the conditions of detained asylumseekers, longterm permanent residents and parents of minors who are United States citizens.
I think it is part of this forum's role and its responsibility to develop the next generation of sustainable development thinking--just as you have done in the past.
The report of ACABQ is contained in document A/54/441.
No,no.This is not about the family.
He and Mary journeyed to Bethlehem to be counted in the Roman census, and while they were there the child was born.
(Agenda item 3 (a) (i))
Further submissions from the author
In this paper we attempt propose some teaching and studding methods which are easily operated for generation and transformation of sentences.
The UNDP Poverty Report 1998: Overcoming Human Poverty details some of that work and findings emerging from it.
While the majority of communications and urgent appeals sent by the Special Rapporteur deal with threatened or undertaken forced evictions, including cases of alleged excessive use of force, lack of consultation and prior notice, absence of compensation or alternative housing arrangements, the underlying fear of becoming homeless is prevalent among those affected.
An immediate priority has been to stabilize the financial markets and restore confidence in them and counter falling demand and the recession.
Return with confidence to your habitations; you will soon find the means of satisfying your needs!
Lunar New Year's Eve  Chinese New Year's Eve Children traditionally go from house to house asking for presents on the eve of Lunar New Year Day
Working Group on Reimbursement of Contingent-owned Equipment [General Assembly resolution 55/274]
4.2 Temporary admission is not a residence permit but an alternative measure to expulsion.
Entire families have perished in the violence.
Styrene-acrylic latex modified cement mortar for repair was prepared using compound technology and its properties were studied.
Secretary asks what my occupation is.
We can't do anything that would incriminate us, even if we were criminals," he said.
16. Insert the words "corruption and" after the word "fighting" and delete the word "voluntary".
 The World Bank, which has made no new commitments to the Sudan since 1991, has recently ceased to disburse on existing commitments following the emergence of arrears, and the Arab Monetary Fund has suspended the Sudan's membership for the same reason.
While this was taking place, what had Cosette been doing?
But taken together, they can make a difference and they send a signal that we are serious about changing how government operates, said Mr. Obama.
The magazine would not go for it; they could not afford the lawsuits.
But when kids sleep better, so do moms and dads.
Chūō-ku, Chiba
There was some recognition that delegations should bear in mind the need to develop a convention that attracts the maximum number of States parties.
International Court of Justice
The soldiers counted off from right to left.
Preservation of the natural heritage
Having a weekend raining, but it's have been raining on time on Monday.
A disorder characterized by a high level of cholesterol in the blood.
71. Promotional events were also organized through partnerships between National Committees such as the New York/Amsterdam Volunteer Tulip Campaign, which resulted in the planting of 10,000 commemorative tulip bulbs throughout the two cities.
Moreover, HREOC is a national authority established in 1986 for the purpose of receiving and investigating alleged breaches of the RDA.
On the contrary, retaining paragraph 2 may wrongly lead to the unsubstantiated conclusion (expressly denied in the Commission's commentary) that the breach of any rule of the organization is necessarily a breach of an international obligation.
50 Phaholyothin Rd
The situation is now drastically different.
12. Takes note of the financial performance report of the Mission for the period from 1 July 2000 to 30 June 2001;
He stressed that Tokelau called for the continuation of the work of the Special Committee beyond the end of the year 2000.
Fifty third session
The European Union hoped that the various countries would not become more deeply divided and that delegations would defend the existing text by voting against the proposed amendment.
Two other points are worth noting here.
7 and 14 (para. 2)
131. It is anticipated that the project will take place between 2002 and 2004.
That belongs to the people of Africa.
(a) Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)
In the evenings, perched close to home, he seemed to be waiting for his brother.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
The Fisherman PipingA FISHERMAN skilled in music took his flute and his nets to the seashore
Then comes the snow, and we once again wonder at how it transforms the familiar objects of our everyday world.
May those who fear You turn to me, Even those who know Your testimonies.
Firstly, from a policy perspective factors to analyze the absence of legal status and policies support.
Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Vice-Chairmen: Azerbaijan and Germany
To meet the demand of market, we endeavoring to develop.
OIOS found that financial statements for 2008 and 2009 were finalized beyond the established due date and that there was no evidence supporting the approval of this deviation from the regulation.
22. Support was expressed for the proposal in paragraph 61 of the report to revisit the financial rules to ensure that they provide programme managers with the needed flexibility to enable them to discharge their responsibilities and that this should be accompanied by greater delegation of authority to manage the human as well as the financial resources.
She mentioned that, in implementing the medium-term strategic and institutional plan, UN-Habitat would strive to strike a regional balance of programmes and project activities, and facilitate the exchange of knowledge and lessons on a South-South basis.
Canada
If you need to search the folio numbers of Privy Council Appeal Judgments, please click here (Adobe Reader is required for viewing PDF documents).
Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)
This was their fourth successive win.
I was living in Conyers, Georgia the summer it all happened.
The company trades in fursand skins.
Paragraphs Page
5. Data on the World Bank Group are not included in the present report; such data may be found in relevant World Bank publications.
Upon review of the payments made and follow-up with the contractor, it was established that UNAMSIL had outstanding invoices from the previous year and that therefore prompt payment discounts could not be applied, hence no recovery.
The two of the two is a precarious notion of rendition of self.
Peace For All From the Smallest Country of America.
Speakers requested more information on cluster-lead work plans and emphasized the need to have linkages among the strategies in each of the UNICEF technical clusters.
Thus, the latter had neither arrested, nor received any information on Surya's case by the prior barracks."
2252 (ES-V)
At its forty-fourth session (New York, 23-27 January 2006), the Working Group discussed whether the purpose of the writing requirement was to provide a record as to the consent of the parties to arbitrate or as to the content of the arbitration agreement.
Seventh session
Today, it is up to us, the General Assembly, to do our part.
The Committee reiterates its recommendation to ensure that the provisions of the Covenant are given full effect in the State party's domestic legal order, taking into account general comments No. 3 (1990) on the nature of States parties' obligations and No. 9 (1998) on the domestic application of the Covenant.
Fifty-fifth session
8. As shown in statement II, as at 1 January 1998, the balance of General Fund resources and reserves was $79.5 million.
This attack represents the latest violation of the Blue Line as established by the United Nations and as such constitutes a grave threat to peace and security along the border and in the region as a whole.
Overview of decisions adopted by the Executive Board at its annual session 2013
The situation obstructed the activities of the United Nations and impaired the morale of its Members.
Most important, you were afraid that some might be sick or were in need of money, you just wanted to help them when needed.
Where identities and information pertaining to witnesses or informants is jeopardized by irresponsible reporting, the result is not only that investigations are compromised but also that peoples' lives are put at risk.
We are not going to take up the issue of the Chairpersons for the subsidiary groups at all.
The grafted artery or vein bypasses (that is, it goes around) the blocked portion of the coronary artery.
Reserves and fund balances, end of period
The centers include the Industrial Rehabilitation Center in Nairobi; Bura Rehabilitation Centre, Embu Rehabilitation Centre, Muriranjas Rehabilitation Centre, Nyandarua Rehabilitation Centre, Kabarnet Rehabilitation Centre, Kericho Rehabilitation Centre, Kisii Rehabilitation Centre, Itando Rehabilitation Centre, Kakamega Rehabilitation Centre, Odiado Rehabilitation Centre and Machakos Vocational Rehabilitation Centre.
He ran down the hill as fast as he could go, the skeleton in hot pursuit.
Report of the Secretary-General
2011 World Weightlifting Championships – Men's 94 kg
 With the involvement of the headquarters Programme Group and field offices, the Programme Funding Office (PFO) will encourage funding from multilateral institutions in areas of mutual interest between them and UNICEF.
Invocation of the responsibility of an
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Government-endorsed volunteer campaigns have aimed at promoting a peacefully multicultural society.
Fifty-ninth session
To avoid this, the Association of Leasing Companies approached the Court to context the standard.
Resolved 80 cases involving Greek Cypriots in the north and Turkish Cypriots in the south Comments
The Committee also requests the State party to provide information on investigations into the alleged illtreatment perpetrated by lawenforcement personnel in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
Implementation of a mission-wide site security risk assessment and review and update of the security plan
No response was received from the Government regarding this general allegation.
58. At the same meeting, an introductory statement was made by the Director of the Forum secretariat.
The host families that support most of them are beginning to deplete their personal food stocks.
The study will consider: (a) the advantages and disadvantages of computer self-reliance; (b) new technological advances in computer hardware and software; (c) data communication alternatives for faster and more reliable exchanges of information with the Geneva Office, and with member organizations; (d) the availability of software packages to reduce software development time and risk, while providing a “user friendly” environment; (e) opportunities to minimize future costs; (f) the need to strengthen further the arrangements for ensuring the security and confidentiality of the Fund’s records on participants and beneficiaries; (g) the long-term viability of ICC to support mainframe computing; (h) the infrastructure requirements for in-house system management, including space and staffing; and (i) the costs associated with each option.
Wednesday, 23 October 2013, from 10:00 to 12:00, in Conference Room 6 (NLB).
Two cases occurred in 2000 and concerned persons allegedly arrested in the city of Mendoza by members of the local police investigation office (Dirección de Investigaciones de la Policía).
Such a catalogue should be accessible through the Internet.
I've been trying to for a month, but I couldn't, and so I started to wonder why that was.
Here are not some of the strategies those I try to use to accept criticism.
Croatia
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
There are a maximum of 102 appointed members, and 27 ex-officio members.
We also wish to state that key components of Nigeria's obligations to the international community in the areas of safety and security, as well as the safeguards system, are being entrenched in the programme.
But if I had, and could have lashed it to an oar butt, what a weapon.
At day's end, actors and theater owners smashed open the earthenware moneyboxes and divided the daily take.
The yarn counts and the density of fabrics are the important parameters in the woollen cloth design. They affect the quality of the products greatly.
"I clothe the heavens with blackness And make sackcloth their covering."
'The creditors thought it would be good for trade.
Typhoid fever sneaks in when sanitation fails.
In this connection, it is proposed that the Section be augmented with 11 Field Service posts (1 Senior Satellite Technician, 1 Network Administrator, 1 VHF/HF/UHF Senior Radio Technician, 1 Asset Management Unit Supervisor, 1 Satellite Technician, 1 PABX Technician, 1 VHF Radio Technician, 1 Telephone Billing Assistant, 1 Lotus Notes/Field Asset Control System Administrator, 1 Information Technology Technician and 1 Inventory Officer) and 5 local-level posts (2 Radio Technicians, 2 Information Technology Technicians and 1 Switchboard Operator).
30. The inventory of medical SDS is stored, maintained, shipped and replenished under a contract with a commercial distributor.
He had never gambled before the casino sent him a coupon for $20 worth of gambling.
I poured out my complaint before him; I shewed before him my trouble.
Decathlon Playground: A fun area to make new friends playing together!
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
S/2007/329
Some Liberians and a large number of Nigerian traders resident in Liberia were arrested and imprisoned by the Guinean authorities.
127. With regard to the adoption of measures to safeguard the right of detainees to a proper medical examination, in accordance with the above-mentioned Principles, the Ministry of Justice had submitted a comprehensive health care programme encompassing both preventive and curative measures affecting prisoners in their daily lives and in prison clinics.
Why are we also in danger every hour
55. Thus far, UNAMID has delivered risk education on unexploded ordnance to 5,393 people, destroyed 98 unexploded ordnance items, conducted general explosive hazard assessments in 52 villages, and assessed 438 km of road.
Functional material modified Solid - Supported Bilayer Membrane ( s - BLM ) has the great potential of being biosensor and molecular device.
36 appeals cases handled, 8 of which were received during the reporting period
The term "non-negligible" refers to the recharge of some quantity of waters.
Because I don't think there is anything more politically powerful than to offer potential for people to use it as a public space.
I would not really refute the arguments regarding Article 30 and so on, because my young friend the Permanent Representative of Costa Rica has already done this with great ability and skill -- to borrow Lincoln's phrase, far above my power to add or detract.
(a) The same matter has not been, and is not being, examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement;
"There's no different pressure now I'm number one," he said.
Article 4
Select the Advanced tab and click the Environment Variables button.
Office opens at 3 p.m.
When did we ever say that the dictatorship of the proletariat was to be abolished?
She also reviewed the main areas of achievement with regard to evaluation capacity.
Deadline for submission of draft resolutions and decisions under all agenda items
For 2008, the Procurement Services Section will provide country offices with the 2007 procurement data as a baseline and request country offices to indicate their revisions and expectations for 2008 (paragraph 118).
Lastly, inter-agency work included communication strategies, sector-specific cooperation and consultations on UNIDO initiatives with other potential actors.
10 June 2002
I'm very alone right now and the thing I wanna ask you to help me To show me how I can be a grown-up.
Evidence of that fact is that Article 4 of the Constitutive Act of the African Union (AU) established in 2004 the principle of the right of the Union to intervene in a member State pursuant to a decision of the Assembly in respect of grave circumstances, namely, war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.
The report should not exceed 120 pages (see CRC/C/118).
Project governance and sustainability
Under these circumstances, it comes as no surprise that the merchandise trade account ran a deficit and the regional trade balance worsened.
When one skeptical investor asked the agent to show him the land ,which was under a swamp, the agent explained , This real estate is for trading , not for owning .
UNEP will organize a Tunza youth gathering in conjunction with each session of the Council/Forum to ensure coordinated and specific inputs from young people.
I will cut taxes on families, seniors, savers and businesses.
Indeed, even sharply reduced demand for tobacco would not mean unemployment in most countries.
q
What kind of assistance do countries need to keep pace with international developments in relation to accounting - especially in the aftermath of the financial crisis - and what particular role could ISAR play in addressing these challenges? Contents
(a) "Committee on Budget and Finance" means the Committee established as such by the Tribunal;
 There should thus be a halt to all Israeli settlement activities in the occupied Syrian Golan and the occupied Palestinian territories, especially Jerusalem, and the settlements should be removed.
Should I write the sum of money in words not digits?
:: 1 field mission of the Subcommission on Demarcation of an average of 3 weeks along the land boundary to resolve areas of disagreement and to assess the progress of demarcation works
3. Vendor cooperation
12. Afghanistan welcomed the establishment of the World Trade Organization (WTO), although its full participation in that body would depend on receipt of the appropriate technical assistance from international agencies.
(ii) Increased percentage of benchmarks implemented by signatory countries
And they must learn to control the various vibrations that arise in electrodynamic tether systems.
The scope of the pilot scheme will cover mediation of legally aided matrimonial cases;
6. Mr. Otuyelu (Nigeria), introducing draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.33 on behalf of the sponsors, drew attention to the following revisions: in paragraph 6, the words “to invite Governments” should be inserted before “to make proposals”, the words “on a clearer legal definition of mercenaries” should be replaced by “towards a clearer definition of mercenaries”.
Jimmy's overreacting.
Morning or night hours?
Table summarizing the massive violations of human rights in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . 24
Destination country
do our evening marketingan international marketing company Marketing Americana Marketing is defined as ' the performance of business activities directed towards, and incident to, the flow of goods and services from producer to customer or user'.
Informal meetings on draft proposals convened
www.un.org/Docs/journal/Ru/latestr.pdf
Japan will continue to work comprehensively on development assistance in accordance with the concept of human security, and will lead the efforts of the international community towards meeting the MDGs.
An amateur stargazer in Australia spotted the impression last Sunday.
At the end of International Year of Youth, in August 2011, the United Nations Programme on Youth, together with Restless Development, produced the Private Sector Toolkit for Working with Youth.
The two men are an interesting protégé-and-mentor team: Summers is the deep, intellectual economist who can be brusque if not arrogant.
Geneva, 10 April 2001
During the current biennium, the Tribunal expects to downsize 120 posts in line with the trial and appeal schedule.
He expressed support for the recommendations outlined in the report, which emphasized that the State of Palestine, as envisioned in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), should not repeat mistakes made elsewhere in dealing with the economic legacy of war.
Cedarquist looked after him with contemplative interest.
Those resources are projected to increase by $2,661,800 (8 per cent) after recosting, from $32,838,400 in 2006-2007 to $35,500,200 in 2008-2009.
However, the Convention limits state liability where the damage caused is due to the gross negligence or intent to cause damage on the part of a claimant State or of natural or juridical persons it represents, unless the launching State’s damage results from non-compliance with international law.
As at the previous session, the discussions of the reviews will be summarized by the secretariat in the final report of the Commission.
67/163, 67/164, 67/166, 67/168, 67/173, 67/176 and 67/177
:: Mr. Robert Fremr (Czech Republic);
4. Rental of premises.
12. Sexual violence in conflict continues to affect women, men and children with shocking frequency and impunity, the unprecedented political momentum to end it notwithstanding.
The new friends he made were not celebrities.
Candidates will be considered fraud disciplinary punishment notice signed.
Georgia
at 10 a.m.
And I suppose that it is conceivable that it could still happen with the help of welcome new mediators like Qatar and Turkey, whose prime minister called Israel’s attack “a serious crime against humanity.”
A. Election of officers
 It is due to this undertaking that in 1993 our gross domestic product increased by 5.6 per cent as a result of a significant growth by basic economic sectors: agriculture, 8 per cent; transport and communications, 10 per cent; trade, 17 per cent; and construction, 3 per cent.
Or building a hamster[] cage.Or guiding a jigsaw[] so it forms the letter FI learned the alphabet[] that way in those pre-television days
One key message was a call to reward those who make drylands productive, so that they will prosper and others will seek to emulate their example.
His wife, quite attractive, affected the feeling of youth, and objected to that sort of home life which means the care of a house and the raising of a family.
Whether the quality of continuing education in hospitals can be reflected by credit hour directly influence the enthusiasm of medical staff in continuing education.
In short, portable fuel cells must still overcome both technical and regulatory hurdles, but progress is being made on both fronts.
25. Young people's clinics:
17-21 May Geneva Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - Pre-sessional Working Group
There are three preparation technologies depending on the system used, including gas methods, liquid methods and solid methods.
Despite this positive trend, only six poverty reduction strategy papers have specifically identified youth as a group in poverty, and only 16 per cent of the strategy papers view young people as a focus for integrated interventions.
Our approach must carefully consider and build upon the Panel's recommendations.
This experience on our continent has led us to give our full support, within in the Organization of American States (OAS), to the declaration of the western hemisphere as a zone free of such weapons.
Statements for the debate in the plenary
35. Statements were made by the representatives of Hungary (on behalf of the European Union and associated countries) and then in its national capacity, the United States of America, Indonesia, Israel, Germany, Belarus and Pakistan, and by the observers for Qatar, Mauritius, Turkey and Norway.
In addition, some delegations enquired about reports regarding the amounts of compensation awarded by the Tribunals.
On the ascendancy is the belief that it is every man for himself and that the only effective means of national defence and the maintenance of international peace and security is unilateral action.
- Design and implementation of practical measures for the implementation of national policy regarding social and legal support for women;
So last summer when we planned a holiday abroad we decided to take advantage of such a modern convenient means of transportation.
77.12. Modify relevant legislation; in particular, remove provisions of the Criminal Code on the prosecution of journalists for libel (Lithuania);
Ownership and accountability
Nationality
United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL)
A comprehensive report on the work of the PrepCom is contained in ITTO documents ITTA/3/PrepCom(I)/2 and ITTA/3/PrepCom(II)/3 (www.itto.or.jp).
Available at www.epa.gov.
List of elements by melting point
And now the beneficial effects of these changing attitudes and behaviors are beginning to appear: an encouraging decrease in deaths from heart disease
The Committee is therefore concerned that a 17 per cent increase in projected income may not be warranted.
When the polyps die their empty crusts remain behind as a platform for more reef growth.
From the object of penalty, the control deprivation of political rights can be attached to a very narrow scope of application.
The information is obtained through the use of a wide range of sensors that gather data on the Amazon region.
Give special attention to developing countries and especially LDCs in different levels of human resources development.
It is essential that all the peoples of the world have the right to learn to communicate in the various languages of the globe, however, it is generally the case that indigenous people have to acquire literacy in languages other than our own.
Report of the Secretary-General
Mr. Mian Qadrud-Din 35302 S-0941A
Debt relief provided to countries with debt arrears merely amounts to an accounting exercise.16 ODA in the form of non-cash assistance and debt relief17 does not bring additional budget support or foreign exchange transfer.
The Advisory Committee notes with regret that annex VII does not differentiate between information already dealt with in reports already considered by the Committee and the General Assembly and information on action on those recommendations that were still under review.
daedalus, this is atlantis, please come in.
His delegation was therefore looking forward to the secretariat’s report on questions of international arbitration not governed by the 1958 New York Convention.
Enterprise operations services
Carbon nanotubes were obtained by the floating catalyst method using polystyrene as carbon source and ferrocene as catalyst precursor.
The Secretariat should pay increased attention to the need to eliminate duplication and parallelism in such projects.
(c) Other substantive activities:
In order to qualify for the two-track adjustment system, a beneficiary must provide proof of residence in a country other than the United States in the form of a certificate issued by a national or local governmental authority.
The final version of Shutterfly Share will also give users the ability to view and digitally page through coffee-table photo books that people have assembled using their digital photos.
1. The eighteenth annual report of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 outlines the activities of the Tribunal for the period from 1 August 2010 to 31 July 2011.
On that day, the world of nuclear weapons became much smaller.
He then focuses on the need to respect and protect freedom of religion or belief of persons belonging to religious minorities.
In the fifteenth century, a greenhorn was a young cow or ox whose horns had not yet developed.
21696 Ermalmquist
Issues relating to governance efficiencies as well as synergies, operational modalities and efficiencies are also briefly discussed.
The Secretariat notes the approval by the Commission on Sustainable Development acting as the preparatory committee for the World Summit on Sustainable Development at its third session of the accreditation of the following intergovernmental organizations to attend its third and fourth sessions, as well as the Summit, with observer status, in accordance with the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council:
Activities of the secretariat and review of the situation as regards extrabudgetary funds.
Can you comment on that?
Diplomacy can and will matter; little is inevitable in international relations.
He was in the last England team and is proven.
Bring 400 ml water to boil and add in the taro and sago.
Second One: What's your greatest weakness?
United Nations Association of the USA
ECLAC 670 1.6 659 1.6 (11.0)
That is the result of the judicial quality of its rulings, as well as of the independence and impartiality of its judges, which has led to universal recognition of the Court's high degree of legitimacy.
but i will need turndown service.
As a country with advanced demining technology, we are pleased to be making a modest contribution to international efforts to unearth landmines.
The drip-drip-drip of a leaky faucet can waste huge amounts of water over time.
3. The Sixth Committee considered the item at its 13th, 20th and 21st meetings, on 23 October and on 3 and 4 November 2003.
List of issues and questions with regard to the initial report of Oman (CEDAW/C/OMN/Q/1); and
8. Paragraph 24 of resolution 1526 (2004): capacity-building and assistance issues
The Political Charter prohibits women from being dismissed from their job during pregnancy or during maternity leave, the latter being fully paid.
19. The new monitoring and evaluation framework pays particular attention to the coordination of the various regional frameworks, bearing in mind the importance of having easily measurable and meaningful indicators.
3. The information gathered by the Subcommittee in relation to a visit, its report and its consultations with the State Party shall be confidential.
To be sure, over-eager military-intelligence interrogators, as well as the Bush Administration's high-handed attitude toward international law, helped precipitate the crisis.
Collaboration with the counselling is often formalized by the appropriate regional projects through memoranda of understanding and generally extended everywhere, thereby choosing to use the possible resources and services already in place and in use by Italian users.
If we take the wrong turn and lose this opportunity, it will again take a long time and a lot of efforts to get back on the right track. I know it is never an easy job for you to lead the Conference at this crossroads and to mobilize the necessary consensus.
 The strength of UNOMSA was increased to 100 in early 1994.
The round shape of the dumpling is a symbol of wholeness, completeness and unity.
These groups may become important instruments for feedback, monitoring, reviewing, evaluating and reorienting pro-poor actions.
", but eating the right thing at this stage can mean the difference between hell and purgatory.
In other words, cost is not necessarily a factor in SMEs' readiness to invest in ICT.
He was caught with his pants down on video tape showing him accepting the money.
In addition, this sector has been able to continue to lend prudently when other investor-owned banks, with weakened capital, have cut back on lending.
In the particularly busy metropolitan areas like New York, Washington, DC, and Atlanta, you are lucky if your commute is under an hour each way.
It is now time to make this promise a reality.
In addition, in order for an ERA to function correctly in eliciting low but realistic prices, it is important for bidders to be fully aware of their cost structures, which is unlikely to be the case where there are layers of sub-contractors, common in complex procurement, such as construction works;
As notice was not given to the seller until 16 March 1995, following the discovery of the defects by the client of the buyer, the buyer lost the right to rely on the lack of conformity of the goods under article 39 CISG.
The Bureau envisaged, however, that each Chairperson could exercise discretion in granting access.
No matter 鈥?when foreign short-run credit lines closed, Glitnir had to request a short-term loan from the Central Bank of Iceland, which refused.
 (c) Recommendations for healthy nutrition of the population in Bulgaria, based on updated physiological nutritional standards (1994), have been prepared and will be published shortly;
They gave each of us a form to fill..
Portugal
The state of affairs is striking both in private secular and religious schools and in public schools.
Special Announcement - Stamp Issuing Programme for July 2004 to December 2004
As half of the world's population, women play a crucial role in economic growth, environmental sustainability and poverty reduction.
Studies on synthesis of coumarin-3-carboxylic acid and its ester
Nov. 1998
 The overall picture of lacklustre growth is built up from a highly divergent pattern of performance among the major economies, which are at different phases of their business cycles.
There is no information about Mr. Marjani's whereabouts or his current condition.
UNOMIG has conveyed to the Georgian Government its view that the ceasefire and separation of forces regime should be maintained and strengthened, including the notification and verification procedures applicable to the security and restricted-weapons zone.
27. The LEG worked on the outline of an information paper on how NAP processes can be supported in the LDCs, forming part of the work of the LEG on collaboration with relevant organizations in providing technical guidance and support to the LDCs on the NAP process.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
16. Recognizes the need to strengthen national commitment as well as international assistance, upon the request of and in cooperation with the affected countries, towards the full realization and protection of the right to food, and in particular to develop national protection mechanisms for people forced to leave their homes and land because of hunger or humanitarian emergencies affecting the enjoyment of the right to food;
Respect for human rights is a core dimension in conflict prevention.
Article 9 1.The competent authority shall promote and, in so far as appropriate under national conditions, ensure the inclusion, as part of the instruction in professional duties, of instruction in the prevention of accidents and in measures for the protection of health in employment in the curricula, for all categories and grades of seafarers, of vocational training institutions.
That decrease will be offset by a provision of $4.6 million in respect of mandated conferences for which the modalities are already known, leaving a net total estimated decrease of $58.5 million.
40. The pace of growth of gross domestic product (GDP) slowed to 3.9% in 2009, after reaching 5.9% in 2008.
It had concluded, however, that the impact was positive on balance, and this was why most countries actively promoted FDI.
Russian Federation: Some reports state that a handful of conscientious objectors, after petitioning the local conscription commission to perform alternative civil service, have been permitted to serve in medical or fire corps of the military.
Vegetables and melons
That experience is informing the strategy of other UNDP centres.
In a nutshell, too much of America's global infrastructure – physical stock, workforce, research and development expenditures, foreign affiliate sales, and profits – is sunk in the slow-growth, high-wage, mature markets of Europe, Japan and the developed nations in general.
The simple truth is that there is no hope for development without business and, in the long term, there is no business without development.
Recalling its resolution 58/194 of 22 December 2003,
National greenhouse gas inventories and national communications under Article 12 of the Convention and Articles 7 and 8 of the Protocol, and in accordance with relevant decisions of the COP and the COP/MOP;
Against the backdrop of increased violence from war and terrorism, it is clear to us that violence and the use of force cannot be the answer.
89.5. Consider ratifying the conventions on refugees and on stateless persons, OP-CAT and the Rome Statute (Brazil);
At the same time, it was recognized that the operations of the Enterprise should be based on sound commercial principles and that it should be autonomous and free from political domination.
Considerable damage was also inflicted on the production and social infrastructure, impairing the capacity of rural producers and rural dwellers to integrate themselves in the new production processes.
As delegates of two producing countries (Gabon and Guinea) listed in annex I of decision TD/COCOA/10/7 had not been present at the meeting and could not express their concurrence therewith, those countries could not be included in the list of countries adopting the decision.
I'm just saying, whoever killed her also murdered the english language.
[ 4) chuckling]Zina: After he found out you were spying for WebTracker, he worked like a man 5) possessed.Dave: So 6) in a way, I"m responsible for InfoKing"s great successZina: That"s right
We should save unnecessary expenses.
My partner in America, in New York.
(v) The enjoyment of outer space among all mankind.
(d) When there are multiple injuries, the emergency services should be contacted immediately and it should be indicated on the medical notes that the victim is contaminated by nuclear radiation.
Developed countries, known to account for 20 per cent of the world's population, consume 80 per cent of global resources.
Someone who has plans that never seem to get to first base.
The higher achievement was due to the Steering Committee's decision that all client mission troop rotation flights in Africa be conducted by the Transport and Movements Integrated Control Centre, the decision of UNSOA to have all its troop movement flights conducted by the Transport and Movements Integrated Control Centre, and the exercising of an optional contract arrangement for two additional aircraft
The Human Rights Council,
11. Current indicators on the education of girls showed clear improvements in their school enrolment; rate of completion of primary, secondary and tertiary education; ratio of male and female teachers and literacy rates in the over-15 population.
Policy makers seem to be waiting, expecting a new crisis within Serbia proper, Montenegro, Kosovo, or in the surrounding region.
2. Demographic characteristics 2 - 11 4
Risk-Taker: The children have the courage to try to use different materials and different ways of making a graphic work.
(a) Different voices and discordant voices.
The annex to the present document contains a full list of respondents.
Abhorrent acts of terrorism can only destroy the prospects for a just and durable peace.
Despite the fact that only $150 billion is needed to meet the Millennium Goals, we hear the hypocritical assertion that there is no source from which to obtain the necessary financial resources.
The tall young fellow was standing in the front, and with a severe face, waving his arms and saying something.
Appointments by location: headquarters and non-headquarters
As far as China is concerned, it is a developing country with the largest population in the world
(d) Letter dated 27 October 1999 from the Permanent Representative of Japan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Final Declaration of the Conference on Facilitating the Entry into Force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, held at Vienna from 6 to 8 October 1999 (A/54/514-S/1999/1102).
His talent for creating space in the box and his finishing ability mark him out as a natural goal scorer.
Investors, especially in export-oriented sectors, choose locations that will offer a project effective and reliable distribution and supply channels.
(b) Set up special system for supporting women in business affairs and facilitate women to access services and programs regarding the development of small and medium enterprises;
The Office also provides support and service to these associations in their membership promotion.
Q: My question is about Chinese labors forced to Japan during World WarⅡ.
It presents an overview of the consolidated results and an analysis of the financial statements by major category, highlighting trends and significant changes.
I worked out how I stood financially, and made over to Marguerite the income from my mother's estate, though it did not seem anything like an adequate return for the sacrifice which I was accepting.
The $80 million two-year mission -- during which the Chandrayaan-1 spacecraft is expected to orbit about 60 miles from the lunar surface -- will conduct a series of experiments on the moon's mineral, geological and chemical characteristics, as well as searching for evidence of water on the lunar surface.
(i) At the end of the paragraph, add the following:
Port-Au-Prince Haiti 38 1 120 1 158 (327)
Retention of the current subparagraph (d) was generally agreed.
Delegations are still requested to consult the blackboard outside of Conference Room 6 for any changes in the schedule for this consultation.
C. Special purpose activities
Attorney General's Department of Jamaica
Taking account of standards adopted against corruption at the national, regional and international levels, in particular the United Nations Convention against Corruption adopted by the General Assembly by its resolution 58/4 of 31 October 2003, which entered into force on 14 December 2005,
From the comparison the readers can understand the different development, category, weighing and trait of each one.
Following the discussion of this question in informal consultations, the President was authorized to make a statement to the press, in which he conveyed the concern of the Council members at the plight of the Kuwaiti prisoners of war and missing persons and their families; particular importance was attached to the issue of the cooperation of Iraq in solving this humanitarian problem.
75. One approach adopted by the Occupying Power that has led to multiple violations and serious negative effects is the imposition of its own legal system in the occupied territories (in contravention of article 43 of the Hague Regulations).
Drafting sessions on the draft outcome document for the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus (Doha, Qatar, 29 November - 2 December 2008)
The Planning Council of the Civil Administration may then apportion the land to existing or new settlements.
(a) Strengthen its efforts in respect of reparation, compensation and rehabilitation in order to provide victims of torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment with fair and adequate reparation and compensation, including the means for as full a rehabilitation as possible;
An interviewer might do one or two of these without meaning anything.
LONDON – The just concluded G-20 meeting in Seoul broke up without agreement on either currencies or trade.
The President: May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 51?
They had some cold meat for dinner.
Property Rights and Sustainable Urban Development
It now has close to one-third of the global market for lithium-ion batteries, used in cell phones.
The most recent was the draft resolution that we presented on behalf of the Arab Group to the Security Council on 29 December 2003, aimed at ridding the region of all WMDs, in particular nuclear weapons.
Component
You're paid to work instead of sitting without doing nothing.
- women's rights
The biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted.
8 August 1986a
As a consequence, quantitative data on budgetary allocations or enrolments are complemented by qualitative data that reflect the purposes and underlying objectives of education, its orientation and contents, methods of teaching and learning.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields
32. The Deputy Secretary of IMF and Acting Secretary of the International Monetary and Financial Committee (IMFC) reported on the outcome of the meeting of IMFC.
For the single transitional NCC shown in column C in table 2 above (Equatorial Guinea) with a four-year average GNI per capita above the $12,475 threshold for the first time, there are two possible scenarios:
4. States parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law relating to the movement of persons and the freedom to choose their residence and domicile.
8 September 2000
Even from this visit of Paul in Athens we sense a coming collision between Greek philosophy and the doctrine of Christian redemption.
A presidential statement was subsequently adopted on 22 July 2010 (S/PRST/2010/15).
You can add emphasis by adding so / so, e.g. : Im so looking forward to . . . / Im so looking forward to . . .m looking forward to the Olympics / m looking forward to my holiday / m so looking forward to . . . /. . .2 You can also talk about your sense of excitement or anticipation by saying I cant wait . . . / I cant wait . . . e.g
Draft decisions and proposed adjustment
Of all our powers love the highest, the finest, Ole said
25 www.Canada.com.
According to Guatemala, globalization and the increasing concentration of wealth in the hands of a few are a threat to efforts to eradicate poverty.
If the Fund had been in bonds earlier, its market value would be lower than it is today.
None.
3. Environmentally sound remediation
The Forum also considered the item jointly with agenda item 4 (Regional and subregional inputs) and agenda item 8 (Enhanced cooperation and policy and programme coordination, including the provision of further guidance to the Collaborative Partnership on Forests) at its 7th meeting, on 10 April.
The paroxysm and destructiveness of crisis incidents increase the difficulty in management.
He also records the late replies from States to the communications sent before the publication of the last report, discusses in situ visits and their follow-up and draws the attention of the Commission to States which have still not complied with his requests to visit them, expressing the hope for better cooperation on their part in the interests of all concerned.
There is a suspension bridge over the river.
Archive Polish Geological Institute.
However, recognizing the magnitude of the change with a strict timeline set for adoption of IPSAS and given the separate reporting needs, the resource requirements for 2008-2009 is presented as a distinct Programme (G.6) under Major Programme Support Services and General Management.
A. Draft resolution A/C.3/65/L.24 and Rev.1
Article 16 [15]
Lincoln Navigator
" Thank you. I'll transfer you. Just a moment , please, Mr. Richter . "
President Pohamba: I congratulate you, Sir, on your election as President of the General Assembly at its sixty-third session.
Review of current regional coordination arrangements within the secretariat and within the GM, to inform the process at the COP
There are also other pressing priorities that were not part of the transition programme, including constitutional reform, economic recovery, poverty reduction and the provision of basic services such as water and electricity, which will require attention.
NPT/CONF.2010/PC.I/WP.2 Working paper submitted by Japan
The Gate dialed itself in order to draw attention away from the transmitter.
It was explained that mobile payments referred to "any payment in which a mobile device was used for the purpose of initiation, activation or confirmation of the transaction".
But I recognize immediately that it is impossible with French engineers or Japanese engineers to do a $2,500 car because it's quite a mindset.
Stunting (%)
;9. [10.I only have two hands.
21 March 1979
He is an amazing football player.
However, I would be remiss in my duties were I to ignore two of the many misleading statements contained in his above-cited communication to the Council.
In addition, special programmes are being developed addressing specific needs and objectives at a regional or subregional level.
This requires the Israeli side to immediately halt settlement activity in the occupied Palestinian territory.
The research also indicates that the overall decrease in the number of reported cases may be less a result of there actually being fewer cases than of fewer victims being willing to report their ordeals.
Mr. Jeremy K. B. Kinsman
You don't have to do this.
(b) In section II, operative paragraph 8, the words "international abduction and/or kidnapping of children, including by one of the parents", were revised to read "international kidnapping of children by one of the parents";
FAO estimates that 800 of 2,000 breeds at risk have been lost this century, and 30 per cent of those remaining risk disappearing within a generation.
Cooperation within the G5
Land-use, land-use change and forestry.
II. Purpose of verification
During the course of the meeting the ministers exchanged information about the experience and prospects for multilateral cooperation in the field of prevention and elimination of emergency situations.
Republic of Korea
Secondly, even though many LLDCs have liberalized the goods-producing sectors of their economies, liberalization in services often lags behind.
Graduation: laborer rotating, contact roller cam roller cam bearings taper ribbed support of the curve.
Babót
 That was a historic event of global importance because of its practical contribution to the elimination of nuclear weapons and the strengthening of the non-proliferation regime.
Don't worry about keeping the house or current residence super clean.
S/2008/751
Researchers like Terwindt and Schur have already begun hunting for the exact genes that may underlie both migraine and depression & information that could lead to novel treatments for both conditions.
c) The principle of harmony with economic development could be applied by differentiating QELROs on the basis of elasticity of greenhouse gas emissions in terms of GDP.
The Economic and Social Council, in its decision 2001/220, endorsed the above decision of the Commission.
United Cities and Local Governments, CITYNET and ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability have adopted the campaign and the goal of urban resilience.
59. She expressed regret that certain countries continued to politicize efforts to eliminate drug trafficking and singled out countries based on their good or bad diplomatic relations with those countries, ignoring Bolivia's efforts and the relative increase in coca production in neighbouring countries, which were unjustifiably praised for their efforts.
A. Concluding observations on State reports examined during the reporting period
(c) Support for the provision of basic services:
It is our earnest expectation that the behaviour of States, when underpinned by respect for international law, will also provide the rationale and incentive for making forward movement on the disarmament and non-proliferation agenda.
The Department also agreed to establish, in conjunction with the Procurement Service, reasonable milestones for the air services procurement process to allow sufficient time for vendor pre-qualification.
During the present programme cycle, 2010-2013, the project has worked increasingly with civil society organizations representing persons living with HIV or persons at risk, at times intervening directly at the country level instead of working through country offices.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and
This claim by the Greek Cypriot side is divorced from the existing realities in Cyprus, namely, the existence of two independent States, each exercising sovereignty and jurisdiction within their respective territories on the island.
Modern birth control idea, which came from the West, were introduced to China in the 1920s.
17. The Committee recommends that the State party expedite the process of establishing the Ombudsman Agency and ensure that it is in full compliance with the Paris Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights, as well as take measures to establish a separate unit within such institution or establish a separate independent institution to ensure comprehensive and systematic monitoring of children's rights.
The Committee will also consider the question of the inclusion and allocation of the item entitled "Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte".
At last I sickened of her rudeness and asked her to leave my house.
Interest
23. Mr. Shrestha (Nepal) said that, although many lessons had been learned on developing nationally owned and integrated peacebuilding strategies by synchronizing multifaceted activities and ensuring coordination between Headquarters and the field, much remained to be achieved in order to bring peace to conflict-ravaged countries.
Once again immunity is back up for grabs.
She stood for wisdom.
46. The Advisory Committee was provided with updated information regarding the establishment of a medium-wave radio station for UNOSOM II in Somalia.
The state has mobilized all non-governmental sectors to show concern for impoverished women and support social relief activities for women in poverty-stricken areas.
Each piece however possessed an ironic touch.
10.3 The Committee recalls that the notion of "arbitrariness" employed in article 9, paragraph 1, is not to be equated with "against the law", but must be interpreted more broadly to include elements of inappropriateness, injustice, lack of predictability, and due process of law.
The child must be able to observe that others respect him or her and recognize his or her human rights and freedoms.
Some parts of China are suffering their worst drought in 50 years.
(7) In the first sentence, insert the words "in accordance with Article 65 of the Charter and as provided for by the Economic and Social Council" after the words "personalities, organizations, institutions".
The situation is serious enough.
Regulation 2.13: The Secretary-General shall submit twice a year to the General Assembly for informational purposes a table summarizing the budgetary requirements of each peacekeeping operation for the financial period from 1 July to 30 June, including a breakdown of expenditure by major line item and the aggregate total resource requirement.
These are that the human rights treaty system has a key role to play in the promotion and protection of human rights at national and international levels.
(a) Basic education in the use of ICTs, as well as utilizing ICT tools to teach other topics in schools;
The last session will finalize the outcomes of the multi-year expert meeting. Expected outcomes
The distribution by UNICEF of phase I student, classroom and recreation kits has been fully completed and reached all 2,019 primary schools with supplies for students for the 1997/98 school year.
Finally, I have learned that meticulous record-keeping and measuring results is critical to reaching more children.
Under no circumstances should any future treaty restrict or limit the rights of arms-importing States.
Pre-Conference negotiating text
The panel discussion, held in Geneva on 17 September 2009, addressed increasing concerns related to the recourse by States to the administrative detention of migrants, as well as to the duration and conditions of their detention.
The garbage collector does not track references to unmanaged code.
Note 15 As at 31 December 2006, the acquisition value of non-expendable property recorded was $363,821,749 and the depreciated value was $95,833,733.
Just as Cassirer said that language, art, mythology and religion were never mutually arbitrary creations.
33. The Sierra Leone police are expected to train their full strength by 2006, and are able to deal effectively with localized internal threats. They are likely to be seriously challenged, however, particularly in the districts, in the event of a countrywide crisis, because of their deficiencies in communications and transport.
Prices of other commodities have not followed the surge in oil prices, but signs of stabilization and even recovery appeared in several markets during the first quarter of 1999.
Jointly financed administrative activities
At the same meeting, the Council also decided to extend an invitation to the Permanent Observer of Palestine to the United Nations, in response to the request dated 22 January 2010 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine addressed to the President of the Council, in accordance with the provisional rules of procedure of the Council and its previous practice in that regard.
For his part, Mr Gori seems a bit bemused. He said he only did what had to be done.
Elastic collision
17. The Committee recommends that the State party consider adopting amendments to the Constitution or national legislation, which include a clear definition and prohibition of all forms of discrimination against women, both direct and indirect, in accordance with articles 1 and 2 of the Convention.
26. The need for enhanced programme and project management.
The protection of civilians is primarily a responsibility of States although not all Governments respect this.
Uw-speedy1
 It will be a reality when the rights of all parties are respected.
Based on a risk assessment, the Office of Audit and Investigations shall determine, in consultation with the Chief Finance Officer, the nationally implemented projects and projects implemented by non-governmental organizations, which are to be audited.
225. Statements in connection with the draft resolution were made by Mr. Alfonso Martínez and Mr. Joinet.
(a) Office of the Under-Secretary-General
With a ridge of high pressure extending westwards from the western Pacific, the weather over the south China coastal region improved in late June.
(f) Materials should be made available in digital format and for downloading from the website for wider distribution.
Department for General Assembly and Conference Management -- To optimize utilization of the capacity of meetings and documentation services in a globally coordinated manner.
The debugger can evaluate properties in any variable window.
Instead, the two main bones, the femur and tibia, are joined with several ligaments.
Women's Learning Partnership for Rights, Development and Peace
Father's name: Salah El-Jamál Mother's name: Sade'eh El-Jamál
Though the rainstorm is fierce ,it makes the air clean,do you think so
CD/1917
The list of speakers for the general debate (30 September - 1 October) is open and will be closed on Monday, 28 September 2009.
Until Israel fulfils its legal obligations, the Non-Aligned Movement urges Member States to take steps through, inter alia, legislation at the collective, regional and national level to prevent any products of the illegal Israeli settlements from entering their markets, consistent with their obligations under international treaties, as well as to deny entry to Israeli settlers and to impose sanctions against companies and entities involved in building the wall and in carrying out other illegal activities in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem.
21. The Government states that Tenzin Choewang, Yeshi Tenzin, Sey Khedup, Thraba Yeshi and Tserin Lhagon were organizing a youth group.
E. Communication No. 811/1998, Mulai v. Republic of Guyana*
The cabinet, which includes five women, was sworn in on 29 October.
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono last weekend called on all government bodies, including the military and police, to lower energy consumption.
Chapter V Legal Responsibility
We've been working on the report days and nights we deserve a long vacation.
China consistently holds that economic development should be coordinated with environmental protection; protection of the environment is a common task for mankind, but the economically developed countries should take more responsibility in this respect.It always maintains that the strengthening of international cooperation should be based on respecting national sovereignty, the protection of the environment and the spurring of development can not be done without peace and stability in the world, and both practical interests of various countries and long-term interests of the world should be considered in handling environmental problems.
(a) whether claims and counterclaims would be handled by the same provider and the same neutral;
Having met in Denarau, Fiji, from 21 to 23 May 2014 to consider the challenges and opportunities in the process of decolonization in today's world,
Also decides that the high-level segment and the dialogues referred to in its resolution 16/12 should normally focus on those special themes and should constitute the substantive debate on the special themes;
Ballot papers will now be distributed.
1. At its second session, the Human Rights Council adopted resolution 2/3 entitled "Human Rights in the occupied Syrian Golan".
These centres in the United States, Canada, Britain, Germany, Australia and Japan had carried out simulations of the future climate including rainfall using global climate models forced with different greenhouse gas emission scenarios.
Results Their mortality amounted to 26.9 % with low cure  rate and little reaction to.
It's not the dying so much; you die, for one must die, and that's all right; it's the abomination of feeling those people touch you.
I find difficulty walking in certain weathers nowadays because I get arthritis.
27. Also in general comment No. 18, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights underlines that "the right to work requires formulation and implementation by States parties of an employment policy with a view to stimulating economic growth and development, raising levels of living, meeting labour requirements and overcoming unemployment and underemployment.
What does he offer in opposition to this overwhelming unanimity
I guess its just natural
The long sickness wasted his strength.
In fact, this movement by itself was habitual.
An American’s life expectancy at birth is about 78 years, which is lower than in most other affluent countries.
The trade in water has taken off.
Although he couldn't see, Bartimaeus knew something unusual was happening, for never before had he heard such a big and noisy crowd of people coming through the gates of the city!
People from Swansea
Having regard to the multifarious nature of different occupations and sectors, regularising working hours is a complicated issue that would entail far-reaching socio-economic implications and this needs to be handled with care.
11. In order to contribute to the recommended dissemination of information and capacity-building efforts in human rights, at each UNITAR training programme, a senior indigenous lawyer and professor conducts several sessions on United Nations and regional mechanisms to promote dialogue and action on human rights and indigenous issues.
Estimate 2010: 8
The prioress looked attentively at Cosette, and said half aloud to the vocal mother:-- She will grow up ugly
Civilian personnel Administered 146 staff (42 international and 104 national (General Service))
53. As to higher education, there is a community college with branches on Grand Turk and Providenciales that provides two-year courses, mostly in vocational subjects.
Therefore, the international community needs to reaffirm its commitment to achieve the policy goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
You shall then sound a ram's horn abroad on the tenth day of the seventh month; on the day of atonement you shall sound a horn all through your land.
This inexorable resolution so thoroughly impregnated the air of the 6th of June, 1832, that, almost at the very same hour, on the barricade Saint-Merry, the insurgents were raising that clamor which has become a matter of history and which has been consigned to the documents in the case:--What matters it whether they come to our assistance or not Let us get ourselves killed here, to the very last man.
At its sixtieth session, the General Assembly reiterated its position as contained in its resolution 59/87; and requested the Secretary-General to submit a report to the Assembly at its sixty-first session containing the views of Member States on confidence-building measures in the regional and subregional context (resolution 60/64).
It recognised family planning programmes as part of national population policies, and the latter as constituent elements of socio-economic development policies.
Apportionment: $8,722,800; expenditure: $7,877,200; variance: $845,600
The Law "On Social Assistance" stipulates that the childcare allowance is a regular monthly benefit that does not depend on the number of children and it is granted to a person who takes care of a child under the age of 3, is not employed or is employed part time, does not receive the maternity benefit.
In the middle of the night, a convoy of lawyers started pushing their mail carts down the middle of Park Avenue .
16. Currently, there is no process for reporting on consolidated air travel expenditure of the Secretariat.
Some of the decrees and policies limit and even prohibit the trade of some products directly or indirectly which become the green trade barriers.
72. The Administrator notes that the findings of the JIU, particularly as expressed in the main body of the report, confirm that the positive impact of actions taken in the area of management and administration have been sustained and built upon.
They expressed concern about the continued ability of Al-Shabaab to stage and launch operations and underlined the need for swift follow-up in providing basic services in areas liberated from AlShabaab, and emphasized the importance of humanitarian access to these areas.
Treat us like your girlfriend, even after we become your wife.
2.8 Subsidiary Bodies
Cross-sector working group actively promotes mediation (with photos)
(B) The Trial Chamber shall vote separately on each charge contained in the indictment.
ApEn and Cross-ApEn: Property Fast Algorithm and Preliminary Application to the Study of EEG and Cognition
Article 100 (2)
Indeed, in situations with little or no governmental presence it is unlikely that a flow of information will exist between the authorities and the population.
On Friday, the two sides reaffirmed their desire for a negotiated peace.
We need to recognize that in the realm of sustainable human security, Governments are not alone.
Competition law and policy
It is easy to strike arc. The welding molding is beautiful.
26 Nov 04
They exist in paper, electronic and audio-visual formats.
It is critical that this fight be conducted in a way that weakens the terrorist threat and boosts popular support.
I meet with more difficult than she does.
(c) Exchange of notes regarding the amendment of the Agreement between Norway and the United Kingdom relating to the exploitation of the Frigg Field Reservoir and the transmission of gas therefrom to the United Kingdom, 21 June 2001;
The Committee made a decision declaring admissible another communication submitted under the Optional Protocol.
[Report of the Secretary-General on emergency humanitarian assistance to Malawi]
The European Union reminds all parties of their responsibility to protect civilian lives.
The recollection cannot diverge, looks like the shadow to remain.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.4/64/L.3
 "The Committee stressed the need to ensure that all meetings foreseen or requested by Member States were serviced and that any economy measures should not impede the continuing and necessary dialogue among States.
Can design a configuration drawing independently, be proficient in 3 D die - parting and accessory drawing.
seasonally , reduced visibility occurred at the observatory headquarters more often in winter and spring , and less in summer and autumn.
Kanker, Chhattisgarh
He's the kind of guy who doesn't care what other people think of him, so I don't think he was bowing to pressure.
God saw what they did and forgave them for all their wickedness.
No. Gosh, no, no, no, no, no. No. No.
In that regard, it was important to distinguish between terrorism and legitimate resistance against foreign occupation and to condemn the terrorist conduct of occupying States.
i need to break in these new shoes , they're little tight for my feet .
(i) To create and permit an enabling environment in which training and professional development of the media can be organized in order to promote and protect the right to freedom of opinion and expression and can be carried out without threat of legal, criminal or administrative sanction by the State;
Professor, Faculty of Law, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur.
The meaning of certain formulations can therefore vary with the circumstances.
It was also important to develop medium- to long-term measures in order to ensure food security in the future, and to enhance productive food processing systems for agricultural products in developing countries.
Bullion was still below a lifetime high around $1, 575 an ounce struck in early May.
First they visited the Visited's Center and watched a movie about sharks.
At present, some problems still exist in China's IPR protection, but they have attracted our special attention and are continually resolved one after another.
Thus, more than one tenth of the tariffs of Canada, the European Union, Japan and the United States will continue to exceed 12 per cent ad valorem rates.
GUAM is firmly convinced that the settlement of these protracted conflicts must be based on territorial integrity within their internationally recognized borders.
Students engage in conversations, provide and obtain information, express feelings and emotions, and exchange opinions.
Mr. Alexandr Sporýš
Therefore, harmonization requires significant additional capital investment and front financing.
Please provide information on women's de jure and de facto ownership and inheritance of land.
The 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) provides a comprehensive and sound legal framework for all ocean issues and ocean-related activities.
The isolate V 20 showed the greatest potential for mycelial growth as compared to other three strains.
The Council could also invite their views on possible ways to strengthen the effectiveness of those measures;
Now more than ever, the EU and Turkey have a responsibility to act together, before an already appalling situation gets even worse.
:: Visibility of the Convention and the Optional Protocol
14. Also requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;
D. Consideration of the working paper submitted by the Russian Federation entitled "Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations"
For these reasons, when the EEA was established in 1994, it was intended only as a temporary transitional arrangement for countries – such as Austria, Sweden, Finland, and Norway – which planned to become EU members, but were not ready to join.
12. Recognizes that youth employment and job opportunities for youth contribute to social stability, cohesion and inclusion and that States have an important role in addressing the demands of youth in this regard, notes that the Global Jobs Pact provides recommendations and policy options for States, and invites donor countries, multilateral organizations and other stakeholders to support national efforts aimed at enhancing employment for youth;
The editorial by the U. S. envoy follows another diplomatic dispute between Kenya and Britain.
(b) Increase the number of technical studies that contribute to the development of culturally sensitive indicators in order to monitor Millennium Development Goals as part of a coordinated effort by other parts of the United Nations system;
With respect to the Faroe Islands and Greenland, she asked whether the officials there responsible for implementing the Convention and enforcing its provisions had been given training by Denmark.
The salvo defies UN resolutions and also appears to be a slap at the United States as Washington moves to enforce UN sanctions.
1. Many attempts have been made in recent decades to understand, assess and monitor land degradation in general, and desertification in particular.
Their mandate and mission must be refocused.
An external member chairs the Committee.
 There being no objection, it is so decided.
High energy costs also contribute to price inflation of all domestic goods and services, including transportation and food, with a direct negative effect on the socio-economic well-being of the population, particularly the poor.
In addition, the Administrative Committee on Coordination reviewed the preparedness of members of the United Nations system and identified lead agencies to coordinate work in each location.
DAC Development Assistance Committee
It tends to be early in predicting a market reversal and sometimes as much as a week.
I worry about her constantly.
Rather, it needs financial resources, official development assistance, debt cancellation and the support of the United Nations and the international community.
(Signed) Tej Bunnag
Have you every noticed your shadow getting longer as it gets later in the day
Kwun Tong Swimming Pool temporarily closed
[KJV] Hear diligently my speech, and let this be your consolations.
Puss in Boots was made major-domo and wore the most beautiful clothes, and became so great a personage that he would not even think of looking at a mouse!
EUFOR operates with approximately the same force size, the same task force structure and the same basic mandate, resources and commitment to ensure peace and stability in Bosnia and Herzegovina as did SFOR.
Buy from us.
You can understand English much now.
2018 Asian Men's Volleyball Cup
With favorable weather conditions it was an auspicious moment to set sail.
Meanwhile it illustrates the strategies to practise data integrity constraint in application system and shows some practical examples to embody it as well.
Within a few years, all Venezuelans will have free access to excellent medical care.
The programme (an annual one), which provides advanced training in conflict analysis, negotiation and mediation for United Nations staff and diplomats, was conducted in June and July 2005 in Norway with support from the Governments of Norway, Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
That was particularly important in the light of the recent surge in peacekeeping activity, which had put a great strain on the Organization.
How she wished she could succeed with him, in her own way.
The State of Israel was created through a resolution adopted by the General Assembly, yet when the people of Palestine opted to take the same route, they were told that it is counterproductive to the peace process -- which in any case has been stalled since last year.
5. Reaffirms that when funds become available payments shall be made in accordance with decision 100 (S/AC.26/Dec.100 (2000)/Rev.1),
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 4 February 2004, the Economic and Social Council:
Rest assured,mighty Jabba, Crime lord Jabba the hutt's son has That you must get back to the jedi temple immediately.
Agenda item 122: Programme planning (continued) (A/58/16)
6.It is no less than blackmail to ask such a high price
That was also one of the key observations in the Secretary-General's report.
[15 July 2011]
It is most necessary to make up for possible shortages with surpluses.
When the subsidiary bodies serve as the subsidiary bodies of this Protocol, decisions under this Protocol shall be taken only by those that are Parties to this Protocol.
The Conduct and Discipline Officer (P-5) would report to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Chief of Mission and would work in close contact with the senior management of UNTSO, UNDOF, UNIFIL and UNSCO.
However, wisdom encourages us to stretch beyond and transcend our limitations.
Furthermore, the degree to which Asian countries compete against China in western export markets varies markedly.
Now she would have to face him, and not hide behind her mother.
45. Reports forwarded to the Special Committee indicated that in several cases missiles were fired by IDF targeting leaders of Palestinian armed groups, medical personnel or civilians in their cars or in their homes, during the day or late at night.
Beyond question, now there are thousands upon thousands people still in the starving and colding living. 6
The Bahamas has an economy which is based principally on tourism and financial services, with very small inputs from the agricultural and industrial sectors.
Grumbles and sighs of frustration turned to gasps.
 India preferred the third course of action.
Without change of employer:
Fifty per cent of field operations surveyed considered that the quality, timeliness and responsiveness of logistics management had improved.
He said he should come in for a meeting.
19. Recommended that South Africa make available to the Human Rights Council, as an example of sharing best practices, some of its initiatives relating to combating racism and xenophobia as well as promoting tolerance and coexistence among ethnic and religious minorities (Jordan);
Instruments such as Memoranda of Understanding and inter-agency task forces will be used as appropriate to determine the specific content of inter-institutional cooperation and complementarities.
As members will recall, the Istanbul Programme, which was adopted in May, in its paragraph 143, invited the General Assembly to establish such a group.
People in today's world are living in the sea of advertisements.
United States of America
It has noted that this may lead to the formulation of a general comment and eventually to the revision of the Committee's reporting guidelines.
A high-level conference could help to promote universal accession to international anti-terrorism instruments and strengthen international cooperation in the field.
There were various pursuits in which he had dabble from time---- the violin was his latest.
(b) "Parties" means Parties to the Convention;
:: International ranking of public debt.
In this case, the parties did not choose the law applicable to the contract, which was concluded in Gomel, Belarus. Therefore, the court, based on the relevant norms on conflict of laws, found that Belarusian legislation applies.
Inventor, teacher and therapist of the psychological methodology defined "Psycho-animation"
Article 65. Individual responsibility 181
1. The specialized knowledge of the various members of the Sub-Commission should be taken into account when appointing special rapporteurs, due regard being had for equitable geographical distribution.
It is necessary to develop impact indicators as soon as possible;
Articleformulated to guarantee basic livings of the unemployed during the unemployment period and promote their reemployment.
Your son is a great credit to your training.
12. The Group discussed the effectiveness of the Fund with members of the humanitarian community in Geneva, and noted that recipients of the Fund remained positive about its added value in sudden-onset large-scale disasters as well as some of the smaller humanitarian crises.
In order to solve the problem, we ask for compensation for the loss.
The US delivered an early riposte to the air attack.
The whale matches its strength and weight against the moving arms of the great squid.
Several participants highlighted the importance of quiet diplomacy over public condemnation;
"Recalling also the outcome document of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, entitled `The future we want', which calls upon States to promote and protect effectively the human rights and fundamental freedoms of all migrants regardless of migration status, especially those of women and children, and to address international migration through international, regional or bilateral cooperation and dialogue and a comprehensive and balanced approach, recognizing the roles and responsibilities of countries of origin, transit and destination in promoting and protecting the human rights of all migrants, and avoiding approaches that might aggravate their vulnerability,
Other objectives of the Stockholm Convention technical assistance programme are to minimize duplication of efforts and to ensure timely delivery of adequate capacitybuilding and technology transfer utilizing regional and subregional centres.
and I dare say she may have made out a very good list now. But I have done with expecting any course of steady reading from Emma.
The juxtaposition of these two remarks was startling.
If you are clear in what you want, these things will more likely show up for you.
II. LEGAL FRAMEWORK
30. The wording of draft article 14 (a) could be improved.
32. Ms. Pessôa (Brazil), speaking on behalf of the States members of the Southern Common Market (MERCOSUR) and of its associated States, recalled their commitment to the principles of the United Nations treaties on outer space, including the use of outer space for the benefit of humanity, the right of all States to explore space freely on an equal basis and use it as a tool for the maintenance of international peace and security.
Did you ever expect a corporation to have a conscience, when it has no soul to damned, and no body to be kicked?
In addition, as a result of strengthening the Safety and Security Section, the safety and security awareness was increased among staff and more reporting of incidents was received and investigations conducted
(b) The instructions can reasonably be executed according to their terms at the moment that they reach the carrier; and
(d) Number of countries (small island developing States and other structurally weak, vulnerable and small economies) in which or for which measures aimed at achieving greater resilience have been taken by policymakers and/or development partners, in part or entirely as a result of UNCTAD actions
50. Mr. Gutiérrez (Peru) said that the fiftieth anniversary of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) was an opportunity to reflect on how after half a century the United Nations could revitalize its decolonization mandate in order to eliminate the vestiges of colonialism that still existed in 16 Non-Self-Governing Territories.
After careful consideration I decided that I needs't stay, but he had to do.
Vice President Reynolds  throws  her drink glass into the fireplace.
Original: English
9. There are, furthermore, a number of important areas in relation to which no quantifiable targets were set in the formulation of the World Summit Declaration and Plan of Action.
Other activities
Table 11.1: Labour Status January 2006
From Orsha they fled on along the road to Vilna, still playing the same game of blindman with the pursuing army.
(c) Non-governmental organizations: Amnesty International, International Centre for Human Rights and Democratic Development, Action internationale pour la paix et le développement dans la region des Grands Lacs, International Federation of Human Rights Leagues, Franciscans International, International Save the Children Alliance, World Organization against Torture, United Nations Watch, Association for World Education, Human Rights Watch, International Commission of Jurists, Nord-Sud XXI, Comité international pour le respect et l'application de la Charte africaine des droits de l'homme et des peuples.
36. At its 2000 resumed session, a number of delegations noted that a number of respected intellectuals were represented on the organization's board.
(b) The implementation of all outstanding issues as referred to in paragraph 12 above, recalling in this regard that the concomitant implementation of the identification process and of the cantonment of the forces, as provided for in the national programme for disarmament, demobilization, reinsertion and rehabilitation signed in Yamoussoukro on 14 May 2005, would expedite the creation of conditions for holding free, fair, open and transparent elections;
Please present your objection to the plan.
The main challenge facing the Commission is to maximize its impact on the ground in full alignment and cooperation with the policies and strategies of the national Governments.
VIII. Human rights and the rule of law
We mounted an exhibition of recent books.
The Committee further urges the State party to implement effective measures to prevent discrimination and to address those cases which continue to occur.
They had to reflate with a view to stimulate their domestic economy.
He often gulps down a sob.
Discount houses provide a primary channel through which the Bank of England operates in the discount market to implement its monetary policy
The time of year had come round when I normally went off to join my father and my sister, and still I did not go
As the global economy contracted significantly in 2009, commitments by developed countries to increase aid are likely to diminish.
In order to avoid the potential for violence the planning process will need to ensure that there are adequate reintegration opportunities in place prior to the start of demobilization.
1 April 1970
IC sup
Doctors who were able to examine prisoners allegedly faced intimidation from warders.
The letter of authorization for the representative shall be signed by the head of the department.
Bhutan, the most recent State to join the Protocol, was not yet required to report, and he looked forward to receiving its data reports as soon as possible.
On Translation Of Trademarks In Ads And Names Of Export Commodities
Her delegation supported article 18, in its present form, and article 19, but was flexible with regard to its drafting.
24. He welcomed the second biennial review of the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy by the General Assembly and the presidential statement made at the high-level meeting recently held by the Security Council (S/PRST/2010/19).
b Exclusive of contributions to the Associate Expert Programme.
9. It was agreed that the lessons-learned paper should be kept under review by the Commission to reflect the discussion and to incorporate the additional practical and useful points made by various members of the Commission.
Valerius Severus
[See chap. II, sect. A, resolution 1999/7, and chap. V.]
70. For the period of the general debate and the high-level meetings, the information and reception desk established within the General Assembly Building lobby will be relocated to the UNITAR Building, on the corner of First Avenue at 45th Street.
Isadore Singer
UNODC promoted the ratification of the United Nations conventions and protocols dealing with counter-terrorism, assisted requesting Member States in amending their legislation to reflect the obligations emanating from those instruments and worked to strengthen national criminal justice systems and the rule of law.
Following the Committee's decision in case No. 845/1999 (Kennedy v. Trinidad and Tobago) of 2 November 1999, declaring the reservation invalid, Trinidad and Tobago again denounced the Optional Protocol on 27 March 2000, with effect from 27 June 2000.
Contracting of personnel 29. OIOS identified that at the field level at least 50 persons have been hired under irregular contracts.
Bertha's many hopes stood out like phantoms and she looked at them despairingly.
Cicero, Ancient Roman state4sman and orator Histories make men wise; poems witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep; moral grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend
In that connection, the international community had been called upon to provide African countries with support to strengthen national and local capacities in the areas of sustainable urbanization and human settlements.
37. An agenda for peace: preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peacekeeping (see S/23370/Add.26 and 43; S/25070 and Add.4, 8, 13, 17 and 21; S/1994/20/Add.17 and 29; and S/1995/40/Add.50; see also S/23370/Add.4; S/1994/20/Add.43; and S/1995/40/Add.2 and 50).
II. Consideration of proposals
As a general rule the trend that preceded the triangle  deserves  the benefit of the doubt.
These collars then engage with the labyrinth profile machined into the bearing housing.
12. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East (item 122):
When we love we place  the man of our choice above all else.
Your uncle was pretending to be a security man.
8. While the independent expert noted a gradual, but not widespread, improvement in the provinces (he was able to travel around Artibonite without too many precautions), he noted the worsening of the situation in the capital.
 A product and service concept for ship routing has been demonstrated by DNMI and Maintek.
The two years devoted to the Dialogue saw an unparalleled transformation in the attention paid to climate change at the highest levels of government, triggered by growing clarity of the scientific and economic case for urgent and effective action on climate change.
Yet the railway ministers continue to insist on their populist approach.
In March 2006, the Programme held a workshop, which was attended by 70 indigenous leaders, to explain how the Programme supports community initiatives aimed at strengthening the organizational capacities of indigenous organizations and their capacity to manage their natural heritage, inform them about new options for submitting project profiles to the Programme (videos, photographs, identity cards), and gather information and views as input into its strategy for working with indigenous peoples.
9. Commitments to finance education are also present in the International Labour Organization (ILO)/United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Recommendation concerning the Status of Teachers (1966), which recognizes the need for high priority to be given in all countries to setting aside, within the national budget, an adequate proportion of national income for the development of education.
Subprogramme 9
The results  showed  that at pH & gt; 6, humic acids salt release H + and pH & lt; 6 It'sunk H +.
4. Calls upon nuclear-weapon States to undertake further efforts to reduce and ultimately eliminate all types of nuclear weapons, deployed and non-deployed, including through unilateral, bilateral, regional and multilateral measures;
Expanded reach of Department of Public Information products (2003-2005)
Organization for International Economic Relations
She maintains that her son's case was used as a scientific experiment to examine the possibility of carrying out gamma ray radiosurgery on patients with psychiatric disorders.
Stressing the primary responsibility of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo for ensuring security in its territory and protecting its civilians with respect for the rule of law, human rights and international humanitarian law,
In the current Government, women represent 20 per cent of the ministers and 6 per cent of the deputy ministers and they account for 12.9 per cent of the Palestinian Legislative Council.
For the first four years of podictionary I produced new fresh episodes every single weekday.
We all look forward to the day when the scientists can discover more secrets of the universe.
As the report indicated, the deaths of some Palestinian civilians were attributed to the unnecessary Israeli attacks on ambulances and the denial of access to humanitarian assistance.
Permanent Representative
Mr. Mahugu (Kenya): The question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council has engaged this Organization since three years ago, when the Open-ended Working Group was established to consider the matter.
The syntax is also similar with weakly typed variables.
Subsequently, the Asia-Pacific States nominated Sewa Lamsal Adhikari (Nepal) upon the resignation of Mr. Acharya (Nepal), the Western European and other States nominated Julia Thallinger (Austria) upon the resignation of Ms. Aparici (Spain) and the Latin American and Caribbean States nominated Carlos Enrique García González (El Salvador) to represent their regional groups on the Bureau as Chair and Vice-Chairs, respectively.
(c) The International Court of Justice is undoubtedly at the heart of a lawbased international order.
He is as stubborn as a donkey.. How is the power of your glasses?3 diopter.
And her dreamfilled eyes found themselves looking only at the dirty ceiling.
They're going to shoot a film here.
For that reason, Costa Rica had called for the convening of a South-South conference on trade, investment and finance in January 1997 for the purpose of reformulating the Programme of Action adopted by the Group of 77 and China in Caracas in 1981.
Look at that bit of skirt over there.
Wednesday, 2 November 2005, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon (conference room to be announced).
Consultants
The world鈥檚 second largest agricultural machinery maker last year had sales of $11.8bn.
1. To rationalize the summit agenda, reduce ceremonial aspects of the agenda and use the consultative summits mechanism when necessary under resolution 364 adopted in this regard at the Riyadh summit on 29 March 2007.
The Panel will refer to the series of loans described above as the “credit facilities”.
Agenda item 44
The Government was committed to carrying out policies to promote social awareness, advocacy, and vocational and training programmes aimed at encouraging young people to participate in economic and social activities and fostering political inclusion and social development.
(d) Other vulnerable groups and individuals
Consequences of the Iraqi occupation of and aggression against Kuwait
113. The provision of $26,091,200 reflects requirements for the acquisition of equipment, including construction equipment ($121,900), electrical equipment ($174,800), four refrigeration containers and 225 refrigerators ($331,200), six generators ($856,800), water purification equipment ($418,600), 15 water tanks and bladders ($17,300), accommodation equipment for facilities to be constructed in 2007 ($435,300), office furniture ($272,400) and office equipment ($294,100), security requirements, including safety and security equipment, consisting of road blocks, security cameras, metal detectors, alarm systems and body armour ($2,854,500) and firefighting equipment ($475,800).
Second Committee
The Office for Gender Equality needs a budget allocation and clearly demarcated responsibilities.
President Warren G. Harding, New York Life pol Marketings icy-owner, died mysteriously in San Francisco after returning from a trip to Alaska.
(a) World situation with regard to drug trafficking and action taken by subsidiary bodies of the Commission;
Instructions and guidelines
Over the next few weeks we will get a lot of information as to whether these conditions are being met.
Notes: * Age-standardized death rates are compiled based on a new world standard population specified in GPE Discussion Paper Series: No.31, EIP/GPE/EBD, World Health Organization, 2001.
Did you ever see a laddie? Go this way and that.
It is a tool by which you market or sell your skills and expertise to a potential employer
29. The farming and fishing sectors are relatively well developed.
(5) Although subparagraphs (a) and (b) refer to "the injured State or international organization", a loss of the right to invoke responsibility because of a waiver or acquiescence may occur also for a State or an international organization that is entitled, in accordance with article 48, to invoke responsibility not as an injured State or international organization.
Discussion of cultivation of clinical thinking ability in department of gynaecology and obstetricsclinical probation teaching
As research on happiness progresses, the evidence of its usefulness in policy design is gradually emerging.
It is recommended that these positive steps should be accelerated by financial and technical support from the international community.
 16. Towards the same end, UNDP has co-sponsored with UNFPA and UNICEF a study of accounting requirements for national execution with a view to reducing and even eliminating divergent practices.
We talked over the wine.
consultations of the whole
Nevertheless, andeersen because of company secret, reject to divulge a few users suffer banned specific reason.
Some have occasionally been fired on at checkpoints.
Implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
That must prevail, and that is why we established the Working Group some four years ago.
[All Mission delegates are invited to attend.
(d) Any steps taken to measure and evaluate the effectiveness of the measures described above, and the results obtained.
1.10 The median number of hours of work (excluding meal breaks) per week of the 1 321 active optometrists enumerated was 60.0 hours. 122(9.2%) optometrists were required to undertake on-call duty in their posts, with a median of 22.0 hours of on-call duty (excluding normal duty) per week.
Other projects commenced after 2000, including the "RPV-30" and two experimental RPVs.
There have been further efforts to bring ICT access to remote and underserviced areas, including through the Asia and Pacific Telecenter Network and the Euro-Asia Telecentre Network.
Physiotherapy is provided for groups of people or individually and comprises elements such as physical fitness training and weight-lifting as well as manual treatment.
The Group, pointing out that the provisions of joint venture agreements depended on the particular characteristics of the project and the objectives of each of the participants, held the view that it was premature to decide on any clauses of a future joint venture agreement at that stage.
With regard to the Safety Framework, the Subcommittee noted the following reservations expressed by the representative of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela:
Savings in commercial communications are the result of actual lower user charges averaging $6,700 per month, as compared to the initial cost estimate of $9,400 per month.
To ensure an effective and efficient service to our clients, the Department of Justice has pledged to:
Classified by Life Stages
The additional resource requirements were presented in the note by the Secretary-General on the financing arrangement for UNMIK and were subsequently approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 66/274.
11 May 1994a
Study carried out at Lucrecia Paim Central Maternity, Provincial Hospital
Provisional agenda for the 5677th meeting of the Security Council
`Inputs', i.e. the resources mobilized for the implementation of the Convention at all levels and allocated by the various funding sources in support of institutions, programmes, projects, and other relevant initiatives; and
An additional 1,317 persons (belonging to 1,135 families) from Georgia, including from Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, currently hold temporary asylum status in the Russian Federation.
In addition, UNOCA and the United Nations Office to the African Union are working with the African Union Commission to finalize a communication strategy on the Initiative.
This reminds me of the feudal era of the Middle Ages.
Currently it is short of the research of teachers' teaching competence in our country.
Siemens' filters, and those of its competitors, are used in treating semiconductor wastewater and groundwater remediation systems.
The report provides a comprehensive overview of the current status of the social situation, well-being, participation in development and rights of older persons worldwide.
Draft resolutions A/C.5/56/L.47 and A/C.5/56/L.56
There are no further explanations or documents submitted.
Customs unions, however, also usually entail harmonization of policies eventually.
In light of the 60th anniversary of the Declaration, this year's Note on International Protection focuses on the Articles of the Declaration of particular relevance to persons of concern to UNHCR.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees: Supplement No. 12 (A/60/12)
Completion of first thematic assessment in 2013 or 2014 (depending on scope), and potential completion of a second thematic assessment in 2014
81. Established in 2004 as an affiliate body of the Ministry of Interior, the Bureau for the Inquiry of Allegations of Human Rights Violations has been tasked with investigating the complaints regarding allegations of human rights violations perpetrated by law enforcement officials.
The American culture is much more relaxed and some could even argue that there needs to be more moral emphasize.
And central banks’ failure to regard their primary job to be the stabilization of nominal income – their failure not only to be good Keynesians, but even good monetarists – raises the question of whether central banking itself needs drastic reform.
 44. My Special Representative has always provided assistance in connection with the difficult negotiation process, giving much advice and making many appeals for moderation and calm.
Buff her stats so that she can: Get into melee range, kill people, and get out.
Edward Cassidy
The Clinical Study of Rectum Administration of MS Contin for Analgesia After Abdomen Operation;
The fish will bite all the better for the rain.
It will provide a framework to address the issues of an ageing population into the future.
Australian Reproductive Health Alliance
31. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.4/60/L.3 without a vote (see para. 33).
Doesn't your race have a rather sordid History or exploiting and feeding off innocent people?
Political parties, both in the Government and in the opposition, will be committed to advancing a legislative agenda and achieving critical national priorities.
He cut the cake up and gave each of us a piece.
Let me turn now to the agenda for this session.
Other supplies, services and equipment
K. Feasibility study on a review of the United Nations special political missions
Several representatives voiced general support for the draft decision, saying that it should be discussed in a contact group.
41. United Nations Educational and Training Programme for Southern Africa (item 41).
What subjects are you studying at the college?
We welcome the intention to enable a permanent body to more effectively address evolving human rights situations.
To Institutional Support and Law Reform Section
The Press and Journalist Act ensured press freedom, established an institute of journalists and also provided for a council to regulate the mass media.
International Sumo Federation
Keep calm. Don't betray your identity.
The etiopathology on PAVMs was general regarded with the relation of pulmonary circulation hemodynamics, absence of hepatic factor or hepatic vein and hypoxia.
From that standpoint my delegation is prepared to discuss this problem both outside and within the framework of the Conference on Disarmament (CD).
Jacques Franquet (France)
The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city housing index dropped a record 16.6 percent from August last year, the largest drop since its inception in 2000.
The private sector additionally provides a significant portion of the health services in Syria.
For centuries this city has attracted the admiration of the world.
Despite trucks, the camel is still man's best friend.
In spite of the collective progress made in this respect, however, the potential for eventual release of a major quantity of ODS stored in banks poses a significant threat to stratospheric ozone and could reverse much of the progress made towards ozone recovery.
Collectively, the Trust Fund has supported a range of activities, including strengthening the regional capacity to prosecute persons suspected of acts of piracy and sanction those convicted, providing basic comfort and minimum treatment standards for prisoners, enhancing the capacity of judiciaries and prosecutorial services, building up the police departments in Kenya, Mauritius, Seychelles, Somalia and the United Republic of Tanzania and creating greater public awareness of the consequences of engaging in piracy.
Each piece is dried, mounted in a clear trophy case and marked with the type of rhino that produced it
a copy of the Stage Two Report [Report (no soft copy)].
Karel Brückner
"As civil servants, we are fortunate to have stable jobs.
Despite the many difficulties facing the country, the Government remained focused on achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), employing a multipronged strategy based on fostering sound economic management, improving governance, investing in human capital, and empowering women, minority youth and persons with disabilities.
If Prime Minister Theresa May’s government focuses on what really matters in the upcoming negotiations with the EU, we can be guardedly optimistic that it will return with a good deal.
17. This norm-based account of the legacies of massive human rights violations helps in two important ways to establish the importance, for development purposes, of addressing those violations.
5807th meeting
Q . If it's windy, does that help you?
The Engineering Section supports all issues related to overseeing the implementation of recommendations and requirements on the new installation of fire safety equipment and their maintenance.
Preference was given to prioritizing specific and well-defined population and social concerns that are regionally pertinent (domains) and within each, to identify the emerging and complex social concerns that are growing in relevance to policy needs (themes), with the themes focusing on statistics rather than on indicators.
Moreover, the use of electronic means could simplify the letters of credit workflow by eliminating certain intermediaries such as correspondents.
 The Secretariat has been informed, however, that Abkhaz "Prime Minister" Gagulia has held talks in Moscow with Foreign Minister Primakov and other senior government officials in the first week of April 1996.
Is it that serious a problem, Grandpa? Nat's not as lucky as I am, Robbie.
10. This section summarizes the content of the national reports in terms of the seven key thematic topics for the review process agreed on in decision 1/COP.5.
Measures are in place to encourage the cooperation of participating offenders, including mitigated punishment and immunity from prosecution.
She wished to know whether the National Committee for the Advancement of Women and the Protection of Children was still in operation.
For example, on the assessment of the India country office national implementation modality audit process and audit opinions, the Office noted that there were four qualified awards for which it did not consider the qualification valid since the qualification was based on the expenditure, which was not included in the scope of the audit.
Recommendation 3
Geneva, 25 - 29 October 2004
Academic achievements:
1. Welcomes the agreement reached by the Congolese parties in Pretoria on 6 March 2003 on the transitional arrangements, commends the Congolese parties, whose responsibility it is to implement fully the commitments they have taken, for their efforts in settling the outstanding issues, and calls on them to establish as soon as possible the transitional government in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and stresses that any effort to undermine or delay its establishment would be unacceptable;
6 September 1995
And all at once he 15)fancied she had been with him for many years and was dying.
CLAIM OF CRC-EVANS PIPELINE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
This evaluation entails the subjective review of on average 200 to 400 applications for P-3/P-4 job openings and up to more than 800 applications for certain job families.
10. In the area of institution-building and human resource development (culture, education, minorities, combating organized crime and cross-border cooperation), the Initiative has found strong partners with expert knowledge in a number of specialized organizations such as the Council of Europe and OSCE.
I will draw a sight draft on my grandfather, I said.
(h) A public health strategy on the exposure of artisanal and small-scale gold miners and their communities to mercury.
/ 2. Remember also the use of should / should when you make a suggestion or recommendation, e.g
The balloon is the rotational standing wave according to the string vibration theory.
In 1995 the Law on Courts was enacted to operationalize the Constitutional provision on the judiciary.
 Our success or failure will depend upon our understanding of the nature of the new order and our ability to build on it.
These recommendations aim to enhance the efficiency of the technical review process.
For three years running, RAF had conducted public awareness campaigns not only in Kinshasa but in the provinces as well.
Namely, the arbitrators decided within the sums and values requested by the claimant and were not in any way restricted by the estimation of the value of the investment which has been entered in the appropriate official registry at the time the investment has been made.
Letter dated 1 June 2004 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
The girls cried at parting from their mother.
Likewise, the Institute was unable to purchase a liquid chromatograph from the Japanese firm Shimadzu, because some of the components of the electrochemical detector are made in the United States, so, if the final destination was Cuba, the company was unable to sell it.
There is a potential historical parallel.
That price that you say can close with others only rent one room door, you are best after house property intermediary watchs detailed news near preexistence, redo decides.
total expenditure
480. Almost all the population have access to trained personnel for the treatment of common diseases and injuries, with regular supply of 20 essential drugs except for the harsh weather conditions.
Turnkey
Organization of African Unity
The remedy must also be universal.
Because yellow was a symbol of imperial power in ancient china.
Governments at all levels conscientiously accepted the oversight of the people's congress and its standing committee at the corresponding level; voluntarily accepted the democratic oversight by CPPCC committees; carefully listened to the views of the democratic parties, federations of industry and commerce, persons without party affiliation and people's organizations; solicited suggestions of experts, scholars and the general public in a variety of forms; and accepted the oversight of the media and all sectors of society.
Christiane Fürst
Saint Lucia 7 November 1987
In some cases, WTO members may be reluctant to waive the WTO necessity test and thus to rely only on a determination of necessity in the MEA, given the difference in the two approaches and the fact that different questions are being addressed by MEAs and the WTO.
Ratatouille doesn't sound delicious. It sounds like "rat" and "patootie."
Well, you may not remember, but I do remember meeting you at Susan Miller's wedding.
2. Requests the administering Power to assist the Territory by facilitating its work concerning public awareness outreach efforts, consistent with Article 73 b of the Charter, and in that regard calls upon the relevant United Nations organizations to provide assistance to the Territory, if requested;
Really, having to navigate my cart around dozens of flaming shoppers would have made shopping take much longer than necessary.
[Demands] an end to attacks on civilians, from any quarter, including by aerial bombing, and the use of civilians as human shields.
• Non-duplicative of existing mechanisms and facilities, but adding value to these;
Date of receipt of report by the secretariat
Inscription on the list will be on a "first come, first served" basis on the understanding that priority will be given to representatives of ministerial or similar rank.
65. I remain concerned about the increasing threat to peace, stability and development in West Africa posed by transnational organized crime, including drug trafficking.
Entertainment Special Effects Regulations
Those factors are fuelling demand for telecommunications infrastructure and satellites will often be the most cost-effective solution to meet the needs of growth, in particular in developing countries.
20. The Committee took a number of other decisions, which are listed below and in annex IV.
2. Local staff
Get ready for passing the spoken English.
Ministry of Public Services
Love is comforting someone.
The truck near the tree is small and the tram  near the tree is big.
Noting that the issue of persons reported missing in connection with international or non-international armed conflicts, in particular those who are victims of serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, continues to have a negative impact on efforts to put an end to those conflicts and inflicts grievous suffering on the families of missing persons, and stressing in this regard the need to address the issue, inter alia, from a humanitarian and rule of law perspective,
The United States embargo against Cuba is regulated by federal legislation, particularly the Torricelli Act (Cuban Democracy Act) of October 1992 and the Helms-Burton Act (Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act) of March 1996.
Agreed conclusions on the equal sharing of responsibilities between women and men, including caregiving in the context of HIV/AIDS
Virata
i wouldn't recommend that.
Do you remember, Monsieur Marius?
Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (E/1999/14/Add.3)
For students with normal intellectual ability pursuing the ordinary curriculum in special schools for children with hearing impairment (HI) and special schools for children with physically disability (PD), the ten years of basic education will be maintained to better prepare them for the three-year senior secondary education leading to the HKDSE.
Mr. J. Legwaila*, Ms. T. Ditlhabi-Oliphant, Mr. Ranier Busang, Mr. Tebeleho Boang Canada
(a) Endorsed the proposal to create a suite of core food security indicators and the process of doing so as described in the document, including the development, adoption and promotion of internationally accepted standards;
(a) North Africa and the Middle East.
Mr. Anwar Kemal
Other/miscellaneous income
Notes
The food and drink served at meals; fare:
Lebanon had ratified almost all relevant international instruments and the Joint Convention on the Safety of Spent Fuel Management and on the Safety of Radioactive Waste Management would soon be ratified.
26. It was the responsibility of the United Nations to promote international cooperation for the development of consistent policies in the context of globalization and interdependence.
Topic Implemented
Cutaway of the PW 4000112 - in ( 284.48 cm ) gas turbine engine, showing fan bypass section.
We colleagues are from local insurance company, foreign insurance company, international reinsurance company or insurance intermediary.
- Hong Kong has a strong presence of international reinsurers. Most of the world's top 20 reinsurers have set up their branch offices in Hong Kong. They can be easily accessible for reinsurance protection as well as professional advice on risk management and related matters.
Likewise, international cooperation is just as critical to success today as it was 70 years ago.
Children's lives are in danger every time they cross this road.
Article 14, paragraph 1, second sentence, guarantees access to such tribunals to all who have criminal charges brought against them.
Reaffirming its commitment to preserve the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Angola,
For the application in automobile interiors, this paper studies the nesting optimization problem in leather manufacturing.
As shown in figure 5. It is an analog recording system, schematic. It is from the microphone, mixer and tape recorder composition.
Franklin Township, Allamakee County, Iowa
 74. Management of change programmes in transitional economies must be improved through a process of focusing on management results and successes, and with considerable attention to sharing experience with the most successful experiments and best practices.
“7. Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the International Trade Centre to help developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, small and vulnerable economies and the small island developing States, in addressing their specific concerns within the globalizing economy, in particular through technology-related assistance in the fields of trade, policy, improvement of trade efficiency and policies and trade in services, in particular in electronic commerce;
Iran estimates that the study will last for one year.
Paragraph 32 of the UNDP/UNOPS Memorandum of Understanding dated 3 April 1997 would be amended accordingly.
According to the information provided by the Special Commissioner's Office in Guangzhou, Ministry of Commerce, the estimated number of live pigs to be imported from the Mainland for tomorrow (February 23) will be 4200. There will be a supply of some 100 live pigs from local farms tomorrow. The total number of live pigs available for auction tomorrow will be about 4300.
The Department's satellite communications capacity is also used for the benefit of all the other United Nations entities present in the field.
Micronesia (Federated States of)
18. Decides to keep under review during its sixty-sixth session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei".
23. The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to design and strengthen comprehensive awareness-raising programmes to foster a better understanding of, and support for, equality between women and men at all levels of society.
Pakistan
Note that argv [1] contains the servers name (e.g. , flits.cs.vu.nl) and is converted to an IP address by gethostbyname.
 In 1975, the leaders of FRETILIN and the UDT were invited to visit an offshore platform in the Timor Sea.
(21) Such treaties form a very important class of international transactions and are the precursors of the more recent bilateral investment treaties.
Attendance
The project was endorsed by the tenth UNESCO Summit of Heads of State from South-East Europe, held in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina in June 2012, on the theme "Religious, cultural and historical heritage as a foundation for more intensive cooperation among States".
Deprivation of liberty
(c) Secondary education.
Where?why you particularly prefer it ?If you are a teacher what kind of creative new things you will teach?Is it creative mind is important.
the heuristic redundant sample reduction method is effectual for the reduction of the redundancy samples;
Rwanda becomes a party to the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards
Africa’s Vaccination Test
Except for Istanbul and Addis Ababa, the surveys have been conducted as an add-on to the demographic and health surveys of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and will soon be providing results.
Position of the administering Power
21 July
Note by the Secretariat
Kolonigué
While Costa Rica was a safe country with a strong institutional infrastructure, it was located between major drug production centres and the world's largest drug use market, which put it at risk of being overrun by drug traffickers.
It remains to be seen whether or not Original Sin will become a thriller classic
7 Apr 2008
The principles and instruments of verification both at the bilateral and global levels represent an effective tool for the suppression and reduction of risks and threats.
(i) States that contribute to UNDCP should consider that, in order to ensure a measure of flexibility in the management of UNDCP operational activities, the total contributions from individual donor States should allow the utilization of 30 per cent by UNDCP as general-purpose contributions;
Introduction
Complete the licence application and lodge it to the Rice Control Unit at Room 102B, 1/F, Trade and Industry Department Tower, 700 Nathan Road, Kowloon.
Some neighbouring transit countries are not party to international and regional agreements and conventions that are of relevance to transit transport.
36. Ms. Hastaie (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that the States actively concerned about human rights in the United Nations system fell into two groups.
International representation and participation
A qualified person who wishes to hold himself or herself out as a Chartered Accountant or an accountant in Malaysia has to be registered with MIA.
Our response to this disaster will be no less than a measure of our common humanity.
Besides, if you think women are always hesitant and sensitive,  then  what  would  you  say  when they  behave thoughtfully in work
24. In January 2008, the authorities arrested two Mauritanians in Bissau who were wanted by the Mauritanian authorities for the alleged murder of four French citizens in Mauritania.
Automotive engineering and field support (Logistics Support Division)
Moreover, it is easily and affordably treatable through the consumption of iodized salt.
Human resources
Other challenges include tribalism, nepotism, official corruption and balancing family duties and reproductive activities which compete unfavourably with women's career development and advancement.
What was the force of customary law?
UNDCP initiated a global programme for assessing the magnitude of drug abuse, in order to produce a better picture of the prevalence and incidence of illicit drug consumption and to improve understanding about the scale of the consequences associated with different consumption patterns.
Once, in the moonlight, Cosette stooped to pick up something on the ground, her bodice fell apart and permitted a glimpse of the beginning of her throat. Marius turned away his eyes
It was, however, a very important issue.
Phone: (39-06) 777-10204
Military history of Germany
1. Takes note of the report of the High Commissioner on the composition of the staff of the Office of the High Commissioner and the measures proposed or implemented by the Office, as described therein, although they have not improved the situation for the last few years;
The rampant unfair transaction in insurance market makes the explanation obligation system necessary for the reality.
28. In the ensuing plenary sessions, presentations had been made by 15 experts, including Palestinian and Israeli experts.
But their friends were not content to leave it to chance.
The Government takes the responsibility for the basic living needs of women who have been disabled by their involvement in battle fields or serving in the national struggle.
OIOS believes that there is a need to reconsider the appointment of the designated officials in some duty stations based on the security-related resources of the missions or offices in the particular country.
In Somalia, religious leaders have gone on public radio in government-controlled areas and visited schools to advocate against the recruitment of child soldiers.
What day makes people more anxious than any other day of the year?
12. Regional or subregional collaborative networks need to be encouraged to share experiences and to develop common methodologies and practices which suit specific regional and subregional needs.
Some of the delays occurred in the Office of Human Resources Management, which conducted a thorough and careful verification of the credentials of each successful candidate, although the process could be streamlined.
627 Canton Road, Yau Ma Tei, Kowloon
Article 28 The people's governments at or above the county level shall organize departments concerned to inspect for acceptance the water and soil conservation facilities bui1t and the trees and grass planted in soil-eroded regions.
Careers jobs and work do much more than most of us realize to provide happiness and contentment.
2.1.3 Reduction of inventory and staff through the outsourcing of vehicle, generator and building maintenance functions
Financial resources made available by actors other than the State Party
So, you see I may be wrong, but your theory is all wrong, professor.
It takes nerve to be a racing driver.
With the adoption of the Resolution, issues relating to the recognition and prevention of genocide were elevated to a new level by establishing direct State responsibility before its people.
Students began to miss homes after a month.
Have any plans for the weekend, Tom?
It is so important that the via induced the discontinuity of signal transmission.
The vague understanding and negative reaction of the learners result in constant frustration of the teachers.
Facilities and infrastructure
Training of SSS by the United States
Specific steps towards transit transport arrangements
Chinese authorities have kicked foreign journalists out of a town in quake-struck Sichuan province where a collapsed school has sparked protests from angry parents of children killed in the earthquake.
In the globalized world, within the context of the United Nations, I believe that this compact should be reviewed to reflect global actions and the responsibility of all States, above all nuclear-weapon States, to reduce their nuclear weapons and gradually destroy their arsenals.
But for the difficulties,we would not know great men's toughness But for the cold, we would not know the pine trees resistance;
 9.5 Counsel maintains that the author would be in danger if returned to Turkey and denies that he could seek refuge in another part of the country.
And then they entered a chamber where the walls were covered with hog's leather, and printed with gold flowers.
The loss of life and injuries to civilians have consequences under human rights law and international humanitarian law.
Since then, on several occasions, including at the fifty-seventh session of the Commission on Human Rights, harsh accusations have been made against Israel alleging that it was Jewish settlers who had opened fire on the High Commissioner's convoy, and even alleging that Israel had tried to kill Mary Robinson.
(Agenda item 9(b))
This is the appropriate place to assess the progress achieved as well as the failings.
In that context, Canada underscored that the vast majority of major transnational fraud cases involved organized criminal groups and that the focus of further work should be on finding ways to use the Organized Crime Convention more effectively instead of developing any further instruments.
8. Invites the Statistical Commission to serve as the intergovernmental focal point for the review of the indicators used by the United Nations system for the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits at all levels, and the methodologies employed in formulating them, including in the context of the elaboration of the common country assessment, and to make recommendations with a view to facilitating future consideration by the Council;
Hard-to-reach stakeholders
Status of payments by Member States of 1997 and 1998 regular budget assessments
THE PROCEEDINGS
Include in his 2008/09 budget submission details of the mechanisms that exist at Headquarters and in the field for ensuring coordination and collaboration among all United Nations actors active in the relevant mission area (para. 33).
Serious doubts remain over whether consumers will be interested in having to make the sort of mental effort associated with computing while also settling down in front of a sitcom.
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
Workers who have already resigned according to relevant regulations shall not have their benefits changed.
For the 2010 budget year, actual expenditures had to be kept in the range of US$ 4 million, against a modest target of US$ 5.2 million.
The relative weight of the extractive industry, dominated by the oil and diamond subsectors, grew at a significant rate of 61.6 per cent.
2008-2009: 54 per cent
Espionage
It maintained that the impetus for change rested with the Territories, not with the United Kingdom.
24. International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994.
48. The success of the process to date increases the importance of the selection methods used in March.
 My delegation would like to thank the delegations of Argentina and New Zealand for the initiative they have undertaken to further develop consultation procedures between troop contributors and the Council.
I had spoken to him just as I spoke to everybody.
The State party reiterates its averment that Ms. Dayras and Ms. Zeghouani lack the quality of victim within the meaning of article 2 of the Optional Protocol because they are childless; that the communication is inadmissible ratione temporis under article 4, paragraph 2 (e), of the Optional Protocol in relation to Ms. Campo-Trumel, Ms. Muzard-Fekkar, Ms. Remy-Cremieu and Ms. Daufrene-Levrard and in relation to Ms. Delange with regard to her eldest child; that the same matter has already been examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement under article 4, paragraph 2 (a), of the Optional Protocol with regard to the part of Ms. Delange's complaint, which concerns alleged discrimination under previous legislation governing the transmittal of family names; and that all available domestic remedies under article 4, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol have not been exhausted for the part of Ms. Delange's complaint concerning her youngest child.
"We have crossed the Rubicon, " said the Polish prime minister, Donald Tusk, as the deal was done.
(f) Ensure that gender-sensitive approaches are applied in the development and application of procedures during the data collection for the census and the registration of voters for the next elections;
85. In December 2009, as requested by the General Assembly, the Secretary-General appointed the members of the Advisory Board of the Capital Master Plan, consisting of one representative from each of the five regional groups of the United Nations, and chaired by a representative from the host country.
82. sake n. Never do wrong for the sake of money
13. Acknowledges the close links between New Caledonia and the peoples of the South Pacific and the positive actions being taken by the French and territorial authorities to facilitate the further development of those links, including the development of closer relations with the countries members of the Pacific Islands Forum;
4 October 1993
71. By pursuing policies based on the "sufficiency economy" philosophy, which incorporated values based on moderation, reason and building immunity to external shocks, his Government had helped lift millions of Thais from debt and poverty.
Date Munenari
"I wanted to ask you a big favour" -- this is addressed to Martha Beatriz Roque.
Italy
Someshwar, Karkala taluk
Mission to discuss with the Government of Indonesia concrete steps to allow the peaceful implementation of the ballot result in East Timor (S/1999/946)
87. The past year has been momentous for human rights with the inauguration of the Human Rights Council in June 2006.
BLOOM No, no, no.
The Committee encourages the Executive Directorate to recommend ways of developing guidance in areas where best practices are either non-existent or poorly defined.
But, as the world economy has become increasingly interconnected, a global property-rights infrastructure (PRI) has emerged – further raising the stakes of developing effective national PRIs and accurate price-discovery mechanisms.
Luxembourg
Actually, yes
Consultations between the secretariat and the Ministry of National Economy (MNE) on identifying funding for proposed UNCTAD projects within this cluster have not resulted in any new resource mobilization.
But the restaurant incident may be a sign the animals are expanding their turf.
Sarah Schotton, senior designer, describes the policy as “business sexy”: “We're supposed to dress smartly and sexily – like the brand – so that means high heels, make-up and dressing up, and no jeans and no trainers.”
You--you said you didn't want a future.
Croatia
In addition, the draft Code should take the form of an international convention, so that it would result in a legally binding instrument for the States that ratified it.
3. The panel covered three main topics, including economic vulnerability, trade issues as they relate to small island developing States and the institutional responses to address these challenges.
The President: Since the oral amendment to the draft resolution has been adopted, we shall now proceed to take a decision on the draft resolution contained in paragraph 8 of the report of the Fourth Committee contained in document A/61/413, as orally amended.
When I walked out of the entrance of my living complex a woman was sending this kind of paper and I ordered one.
Ten years later, the city's name changed again, this time to Leningrad.
(c) Organization of speaking engagements by Secretariat officials in response to requests from academic institutions, non-governmental organizations and other interested groups away from Headquarters;
It recalled the facts of the case, and reiterated that the guilt of Mr. Lyashkevich was duly established, on the basis of a multitude of corroborating evidence.
Cosmetics and Sterile Products
The programme would be installed at the 12 refugee camps and internally displaced persons sites.
76. The Government of Austria explained that
:: the United Nations Development Group
Note verbale dated 14 April 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Belarus
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/57/L.20: The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development (A/C.5/57/28 and A/57/7/Add.20)
The Programme indicated it was considering including oversight matters in the terms of reference of its Senior Management Group, and would invite a representative of OIOS to participate in the Group's meetings when dealing with oversight matters.
Catherine de' Medici
The Committee requests that the next report provide detailed information on the involvement of women in economic operations, including information about discriminatory practices against women in employment and measures taken to counteract such practices.
(c) In research areas identified as priorities for the region, establish an internship programme at GNSS research and development centres where there was direct support from industry at the international level for personnel directly employed in air navigation;
As a result, the private sector's ability to create employment opportunities has been declining in the face of a growing labour force.
This experience could also serve other natural resource management processes.
127. Paragraphs 119 to 126 above highlight crucial areas of concern on which the Special Representative is committed to focusing.
13.29 The ITC publications programme, as part of the Centre's overall technical cooperation programme, is designed to assist the business sector in developing countries to have ready access to information required to gain a greater share of international exports.
Spiritual damage compensation on administrative tort issue in our country is still not perfect in legislating.
<www.un.org/chronicle>
(e) To recognize the importance of investments in innovation, research and deployment of advanced motor vehicle and transport technologies, including investment in technologies for cleaner vehicles and fuels and improved fuel use and engine efficiency;
After the equipment has been transported to the job site it must be carefully checked and inspected by our representative and China Commodity Inspection Bureau.
Expert alignment procedure is easy for operation.Finish operation with one key.
The real changes have taken place there, and some of them have exceeded our expectations.
He says prices would also be lower if oil-producing nations reversed the trend towards state monopoly control of their petroleum sectors, if the U.S. government stopped stockpiling emergency oil for its Strategic Petroleum Reserve program, or if the U.S. dollar were to strengthen.
You are in a hurry, captain!
Delegations wishing to reserve conference rooms for consultations during the session should contact Ms. Lidija Komatina (e-mail komatina@un.org; tel. 1 (212) 963-2378; room S-3057).
The delegation of the Russian Federation emphasized that its Government provided financial and expert support for activities undertaken by the secretariat in the area of energy efficiency.
For underage pregnant women and pregnant women released of legal capability, a guardian submits the request.
Prof Mang Wang
It reminded me of ghouls and idiots and insane howlings.
Dialogue: Did you enjoy your time at university?
We need long-term public-investment strategies, environmental planning, technology roadmaps, public-private partnerships for new, sustainable technologies, and greater global cooperation.
We call on the United Nations to exert pressure on Israel to accede to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to subject its nuclear facilities to the comprehensive safeguards system of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
It thus contributed to the action plan on the development of economic statistics in the region covered by the Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), and is also engaged in a programme of cooperation with FAO and WTO on the establishment of an inter-agency database.
The United Nations and the Security Council have condemned this barbaric act of terrorism and called on the world community to take decisive action.
It emphasizes the need for close cooperation and coordination among United Nations organizations in this matter, in particular in the area of enterprise systems.
The United States has had widely reported difficulties with its Superfund.
David Beckham has rejected claims that England players are being greedy over their bonuses for next year's World Cup, insisting reports suggesting that each player would receive 300,000 for winning were wide of the mark
Those matters are addressed in paragraphs 12 to 25 below.
4. Developing common positions
Concerted action was required to find solutions that would safeguard human dignity.
(a) Cooperation with the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UN/ECE) and the International Trade Centre (ITC UNCTAD/WTO)
15. In February 2001, a team from the United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office visited the Territory to hold discussions with the Government and the private sector on the "partnership for progress and prosperity" (White Paper) and the forthcoming Constitutional review.
(1) The recruitment, transportation, transfer, hosting and receipt of a child, as well as receiving or making payments or benefits to obtain the agreement of a person that holds the control over the child with the purpose of:
The ICT strategy will yield further enhancements in the accessibility of people and information.
The Representative urged the Abkhaz de facto authorities to address these issues.
The delegations which took part in the debate stressed the positive role played by the United Nations in Timor-Leste, Kosovo, Afghanistan and Sierra Leone.
They are ecologically fragile and vulnerable.
It is definitely the first Beatles related MA in this country and I would say probably the first in the world.
Table 6
A : Please show me your health certificate.
Fanmi Lavalas waged a more visible campaign, which called for a Parliament that would support Mr. Aristide after his re-election to the presidency.
now she , who had been impatient once , and violent , who had cursed and shouted and contended like a man , moved into silence.
www.un.org/spanish/sc
Advice to the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government in incorporating international human and community rights provisions in legislation and in establishing oversight mechanisms to address violations, including the organization of follow-up workshops to the Strategic Framework on Communities and Returns
Electricity cost 2. Data centre equipment maintenance and lease
I do not have any speakers on my list.
"We have no choice but to further strengthen our nuclear deterrent to cope with additional military threats by hostile forces, " the foreign ministry said.
Box 4
93. The Operation has adopted a coordinated approach to administrative support, which has resulted in the proposed redeployment of three Field Service posts from the Section.
Local Property Survey Board/Claims
Municipalities of Møre og Romsdal
Consider that in 2003, the test scores of 28% of Turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words, the poorer the pupil, the lower his or her PISA scores.
Liberia
Domestic laws contain provisions to address the consequences of corruption.
 (c) Subject to the overall resources for the Programme, assistance in the form of a travel grant for one participant from each developing country, who would be invited to possible regional courses to be organized in 1996 and 1997;
Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing [109]
Supplementary report of Malta
Programme of work 22 - 25 12
Another interesting insight transpires from the bottom end of the table which includes two very different types of countries: those which have significant services exports in value terms and also have high services value added to the economy, but the relative weight of the services export industries in domestic service economy is not significant.
17. In 2006, the European Union Sustainable Development Strategy was renewed.
Efforts have been made by the President and the Registrar to find Member States that would be favourable to accepting convicts into their national prisons for the enforcement of sentences.
In addition, study visits for more than 120 statisticians from developing countries or countries in transition were arranged to provide individual training, reinforce existing networks for the exchange of practical experience and create opportunities for them to participate in international statistical forums.
"I cost money," Barrette said. "I've looked at everything else but there's just not a lot to cut in our budget.
Yeah. you knew that.
The birds fly way south in autumn. But they never get lost.
However, with the political constraints that our legislators are feeling these days I think we’ll see even more out-and-out regulation without much in the way of measures to increase enforcement of the regulations.
at <www.un.org/News/ossg/conf.htm>.
To address this problem, Alan Lopez and I launched the Global Burden of Disease project (GBD) in 1990.
By acceding to the Convention, a State commits itself to adopt the measures required for the elimination of discrimination against women, in all its forms and manifestations. This includes taking appropriate measures, including legislation, to modify or abolish customs and practices which constitute discrimination against women.
So she would do the US proud as Secretary of State
Infrastructure and medical equipment for hospitals and other Public Health Services;
Great destruction has been caused to Palestinian property: 4,170 homes have been demolished by the military, and agricultural lands have been stripped of trees and crops.
In that regard, the working group called for the set-up of more permanent stations, or for the consolidation of the existing dense GNSS continuously operating reference station network infrastructure in order to improve the accuracy of national reference frames.
It establishes regulations for the protection of utility models and industrial designs;
The authorities have approved our application for import license.
Applications for the right to reproduce this work or parts thereof are welcome and should be sent to the Secretary, United Nations Publications Board, United Nations Headquarters, New York, N.Y. 10017, United States of America.
(d) Subregional activities in East Africa
16. The European Union applauded the decision of the Commission for Social Development to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on Disabilities until the end of December 2005, in order to further the promotion and monitoring of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities.
Under the Chief Executive Election Ordinance, the Chief Executive shall be elected by the Election Committee, which is to consist of 800 members who must be Hong Kong permanent residents.
b. Other income:
Flexeiras
Emphasizing the importance of compliance with the provisions of the Convention and its annexed Protocols by all High Contracting Parties, in accordance with the Compliance mechanism applicable to the Convention [CCW/CONF.III/11 (Part II), preambular paragraph 6, modified] Preambular paragraph 7
128.32. Incorporate economic and social rights in its Human Rights charter (Togo);
Consider ratifying the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (OP-CRPD) (Spain);
Permanent Representative Statement of the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran in exercise of its right of reply to the remarks made by the President of Argentina on 25 September 2012 in the general debate of the General Assembly at its sixty-seventh session
(viii) Fund of United Nations Environment Programme: Supplement No. 5F (A/61/5/Add.6);
Article 20 states that all persons, men and women, shall be entitled to equal protection of the law and shall enjoy all human, political economic, social and cultural rights with due observance of the Islamic precepts.
 The Special Political and Decolonization Committee adopted draft decision I without a vote.
They have been conducted with outstanding care by the Secretariat and, apart from a few minor points, have been supported by interested delegations.
The Working Group agreed that the provision should not result in retroactive application of the revised version of the Rules to arbitration agreements and treaties concluded before its adoption.
bNG In addition to property damage, the floods have affected some of the nation's most fertile cropland, and are expected to have an impact on already rising food prices, especially for crops like corn.
That they will accept the condition is certain.
11.1 The Registrar shall submit to the Auditor accounts for the financial period not later than 31 March following the end of such period.
(b) Strengthened capacity of East African regional economic communities to implement multi-year programmes through improved partnerships with key stakeholders, including other intergovernmental organizations, United Nations agencies, the African Development Bank, the African Union, and the NEPAD secretariat
(v) The work of the Court or its Chambers away from The Hague (Statute, Article 22), not exceeding a total of 25,000 dollars;
13. Invites heads of the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies to participate in the meeting, in consultation with the President of the General Assembly;
Accounts and audit
I'd like to know when they will come.
Employees who link their jobs to wealth creation at least understand why they are employed.
Males from monogamous species did not show these patterns.
Attention must also be paid to rhetoric, to how to write more vividly.
Mr. Chairman,I believe that as long as all countries show political will and address the existing agenda items in a constructive spirit, the Special Committee will continue to play an effective role and contribute to the process of revitalizing the United Nations.
Some chapters of the Programme of Action are reasonably well balanced, while others are less so, especially where it concerns religious, cultural or moral issues that differ from one society to the other.
Such an approach would not address the potential conflict between the draft Convention and the Geneva Convention on the International Recognition of Rights in Aircraft.
10. Policymakers should note that foreign affiliates can differ from domestic firms in securing funds for investment.
It wanted so little to rekindle her dying affection.
34. Does your country have in place appropriate mechanisms to execute restitution orders?
`Good heavens!
He gave me a startle.
Large open area between scraper supports to allow large solids to fall directly to collection area.
It does not provide for the financing of a programme officer (P-3), and a 50 per cent programme assistant (GS) proposed under the Executive Secretary's scenario.
Now, the boss is making everyone else miserable because of his beef with Jim
Some of the more devout boys thought it was a little strong.
Geochemical analysis indicates that the organic carbon content is higher in the oil shale, with a maximum up to 13. 1%.
On 17 October 2011, the President signed decrees 2011-298 and 2011-299 pertaining to the appointment of 75 judges to the 3 appeals courts and 195 to the country's 9 higher courts and its 25 lower courts.
Capacity-building under the Kyoto Protocol.
While the Committee notes the effort, it continues to consider that the performance information provided is not sufficiently clear or specific in terms of the results that have been achieved.
Economic development in Europe
I continued this experiment for the rest of the week and ended up getting about 25 hours of work done with only 30 hours total spent in my office, for an efficiency ratio of over 80%.
Reports submitted by the Joint Inspection Unit of direct interest to UNICEF
Actions with other partners
The two limbs of the Y were connected at the apex as by a bar; this bar was called Rue Droit-Mur.
In the meantime, I also appeal to the Government of Cambodia, in close collaboration with the United Nations and the donor community, to complete the necessary conceptual planning and preparatory work for the operation of the Extraordinary Chambers and their related institutions.
It seems to me that this aptly sums up what the international community undertook to do when it established the Millennium Development Goals.
63. The Social Security Act, No. 117/1993 with later amendments is the primary legislation concerning health insurance and the national social pension scheme.
Purloined a few of your little bottles of vodka.
The doctors and nurses stopped working as they waited for my reply.
(Originally scheduled for 13 May 2004)
Moreover, the replacement of fuel rods at the 5-megawatt experimental nuclear power station could not be delayed any longer in view of its technical safety.
 General debate on all disarmament and international security items:
In addition, procedures for the import, export and transfer of war material, arms, ammunition and similar material are laid down by French Defence Code implementing provisions.
68. Data on various aspects of forests in relation to other social, economic and institutional indicators are inconsistent and cannot be compared across countries and regions.
(a) The links between biofuels and food security are multiple and complex and can occur in different ways at different geographic levels (local, national, regional, global) and time scales.
5. Pursuant to paragraph 9 of General Assembly resolution 59/16 of 29 October 2004, the present report includes the rejustification, under the executive direction and management and relevant frameworks components, of the following posts: Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Humanitarian Coordination, Recovery and Reconstruction; Chief of the Communications and Public Information Office; Director in the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General; Principal Legal Adviser; Special Assistant to the Special Representative; Spokesperson; and two Protocol Officers (one Professional and one National Officer).
And if are multiple light sources, why does each object only cast one shadow?
鈥淲e have expanded the use of the reserves, by pro-actively increasing the import of products and advanced technology and using part of [the money] to support monetary and enterprise reform.鈥?
Consultation service, acupuncture service
The model treaties are well-tested instruments of international cooperation and, as such, are part of the wider efforts to prevent and control organized transnational crime and strengthen regional and international cooperation in law enforcement and judicial proceedings.
We believe that the indiscriminate use of biological and chemical weapons represents a danger to all humanity.
In the world of economic recovery, and closely to the C D M inevitable active.
The first returns of property pursuant to UNROP took place in 1991, and continued with some regularity until 1995, after which time further occasional returns took place.
He trains five times a week during term time.
As far as a skull is concerned, you are composed of material.
The Department for Disarmament Affairs, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and UNDP continued their efforts to support the Sri Lanka national commission on small arms and light weapons through a joint project launched in 2003.
The Group commends the Commissioner-General and all UNRWA staff for their tireless efforts to maintain the basic operations of the Agency, despite the constraints on the availability of resources that they have faced.
The Government has also informed the Joint Special Envoy of amnesties granted to several hundred persons who had turned themselves in, surrendered their weapons and given undertakings as to their future conduct.
There are six electronically controlled hydraulic vehicle barriers in place for some of the entrances.
Of a non—resident national who is paid by a third State to carry out criminal activities against his own country of origin?
The State of Kuwait has focused particularly on the care of children, guided by the principles of its Constitution and its commitments under the international conventions and agreements it has ratified, including International Labour Organization Convention 138 concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and Convention 182 Concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour.
Ends/Wednesday, May 25, 2005
thats all for todays arrange ement. i wish you all a wonderful day. thanks.
It also recalls that at the time it subscribed to the Optional Protocol the State party entered a reservation to article 5, paragraph 2 (a), of that Protocol specifying that the Committee "shall not have competence to consider a communication from an individual if the same matter is being examined or has already been considered under another procedure of international investigation or settlement".
W
The bill providing for additional child-care leave for parents (parental leave) was passed by the Government in 1999 and is currently being finalized (see the section on article 11).
We regret, however, that the invaluable assistance which Government institutions and private citizens of Rwanda have provided and continued to provide to the ICTR, at considerable sacrifice and expense, often goes unacknowledged and unappreciated.
Battle of Tali-Ihantala
Zero Tolerance Policy Towards Unauthorized Alienation (Monday, 29 May 2006)
1. Establish high-level corporate leadership for gender equality.
The Economic and Social Council newsletter continues to be published.
She can turn a trick and be on the streets again in 6  minutes  flat.
Four hole on the jaws with center spindle adjusting, long stroke.
Civil society organizations had organized events and campaigns to combat gender discrimination, press for a family code, open a children's centre and set up a hotline.
Documentation
Battle of Montevideo
Here's another one... Frank Pierson: The Journal of Medicine have done the science; Oscar winners live four and a half years longer than the losers.
3. Appeals to Member States in each region and those that are able to do so, as well as to international governmental and non-governmental organizations and foundations, to make voluntary contributions to the regional centres in their respective regions to strengthen their activities and initiatives;
Gain a simplified formula through mathematical fitting tools and keep the error in allowed limits.
I don't know, but we are taking the escalator back downstairs.
This constituted a considerable advancement in the concept of fighting poverty.
Acknowledging that a democratically elected and constitutionally based Government of Iraq is now in place, noting the Government of Iraq's declaration of support for the international non-proliferation regime, and welcoming the concrete steps taken in this regard, including the commitment enshrined in the Permanent Constitution and the establishment of the National Monitoring Directorate with responsibility for import/export control,
Miehlen
Noting that 13 Parties have provided to the secretariat information, in accordance with paragraph 20 of the joint implementation guidelines, on their designated focal points and eight Parties have provided information on their national guidelines and procedures for approving joint implementation projects,
Azerbaijan declared that it was unable to guarantee the application of the provisions of the Migrants Protocol in the territories occupied by the Republic of Armenia until those territories were liberated from that occupation.
LTC Legal and Technical Commission of the International Seabed Authority
Republic Act 6981 (Witness Protection, Security and Benefit Act)
Court of cassation, Ferrini v. Federal Republic of Germany, Judgment of 11 March 2004 (No. 5044), in Rivista di diritto internazionale, 2004, Fasc. II, pp. 540-551.
The uncontrolled spread of small arms and light weapons intensifies existing ethnic and political tensions, causes casualties and human suffering and undermines the efforts of the international community for post-conflict rehabilitation and effective humanitarian assistance.
In accordance with the Basic Law, the Government of MSAR is responsible for the management, use and development of the land and natural resources within the Region and for their lease or grant to natural or legal persons, except for the private land recognized as such according to the laws in force before the establishment of MSAR. The revenues derived therefrom are exclusively at the disposal of the Government of the Region (art. 7).
This is manifested by the construction of "shacks accommodation" and overcrowding in certain areas of the capital.
In any case, this burden sharing between the developing country and the international community will have to be agreed upon in the support group deliberations and will form a part of the development compact.
His father smiled."Yes, my son," he said.
Where an individual deprived of liberty receives injuries in detention, it is incumbent on the State party to provide a plausible explanation of how these injuries occurred and to produce evidence refuting these allegations.
The couple adopted a child at the end of the third year of barrenness .
Small island developing States that would graduate from least developed country status would become, in a relatively short time, ineligible for concessionary or preferential treatment, which would severely restrict their ability to recover, for example, from natural disasters and economic shocks to which they are particularly vulnerable.
I now give the floor to the Chairman of the Credentials Committee, His Excellency Mr. Pablo Antonio Thalassinós of Panama.
36. The distribution of posts by operational objective for the secretariat and the GM for the biennium 2014 - 2015 is shown in tables 4 and 5 respectively.
 Israel must demonstrate the credibility of its intentions and show that it has successfully passed the test it has taken upon itself to face in the eyes of the world.
As a major user of nuclear energy, the Republic of Korea will continue to participate in and make positive contributions to the relevant discussions on that issue.
Refugees and displaced persons
90. I wish to make the following recommendations:
It's no doubt that thousands of pepole are still suffering from starvation and cold. 6
What is sad in this state of affairs is the ability of the United States Administration to leverage its influence to instrumentalize the United Nations and its agencies to exacerbate the conflicts that it foments in the first place.
The limited access to all relevant material in police records granted to legal representatives, and in particular the power of prosecutors to decide what evidence to disclose upon indictment;
16 February 1995
On leaving the hospital, the patient felt almost too weak to walk, but he soon overcame this infirmity.
151. Three Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines entities are designated under resolution 1929 (2010): Irano Hind Shipping Company, IRISL Benelux NV and South Shipping Line Iran (SSL), together with persons or entities acting on their behalf or at their direction and entities owned or controlled by them.
Acceptance rate
This unit was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Antoine Manzi until September 2009 and subsequently by Lieutenant Colonel Yusuf Mboneza, both of whom are former CNDP officers.
I never could put up with his stupid jokes.
We particularly welcome the Secretary-General's recommendations, in paragraph 53 of his report, for the extension of the mandate of UNMEE until 15 September 2001 and the inclusion of support to the Boundary Commission.
With continued monitoring of activities pertaining to the World Summit on the Information Society Geneva Plan of Action and Tunis Agenda for the Information Society, and the efforts made to implement the ESCWA Regional Plan of Action for Building the Information Society in harmonization with the Arab Information and Communications Technology Strategy of the League of Arab States, the subprogramme will strive to adapt the Summit outcomes to better serve the region and fine-tune plans of action in order to build an inclusive, people-centred information society that is based on productive national information and communications technology sectors.
(c) The reactions of many States to the declaration made by the Philippines with respect to the 1982 Montego Bay Convention:
He's no defensive stopper, but he's made an effort and has played solid team defense.
The Consolidated List has been transmitted to the Costa Rican Drug Institute (ICD), the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (SUGEF), the Office of the Superintendent of Securities (SUGEVAL), the Office of the Superintendent of Pensions (SUPEN), and the Directorate of Migration and Aliens.
Draft articles on the most-favoured-nation clause, 1978
Celestial Empire
The review will help benchmark the quality of pending NIPs and form a critical element of UNIDO's post-NIP activities.
The activities of family planning associations in all areas have also played an important role in publicity and education.
40. The situation in the occupied territories of Azerbaijan [P.39].
So cut her the hell down.
While the quality indices of the pulverized coal ash discharged in mixing grading overall satisfy the stipulations of the national standard for cement admixing raw material therefore being brisk market.
7. % of countries with programmes at scale that support good parenting and communication for marginalized/excluded children
3. International Automobile Federation
5. To reiterate the importance of increased participation of women at all stages of the Sudanese peace process and the need for effective and appropriate means to engage women in Sudanese public life.
Some Democratic activists seek an immediate withdrawal and are pressing for Congress to cut off funding for the war, but that is unlikely.
Funds allocated by the Government of China through the UN-SPIDER programme were used to defray the costs of air travel, daily subsistence allowance and accommodation for 21 participants from developing countries.
National strategies specifically directed to the health of children and young families are put in place in all countries.
28. There has been only limited regional cooperation or coordination in addressing the crisis among the CIS countries.
The boy dropped his head for a moment.
Delegations are reminded that the names of their representatives, alternates and advisers to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) are to be submitted to Ms. Emer Herity, Secretary of the Committee (e-mail 4thcommittee@un.org; room S-3064; fax 1 (212) 963-5305).
Furthermore, they would facilitate negotiations on an FMCT.
19. Also at its 45th meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.59, as orally amended (see para. 21, draft resolution IV).
June/July (1 day)
Now in Petersburg, after duly considering the Rostovs' position and his own, he decided that the time had come and made his offer.
But they must succeed.
However, a number of challenges remain, especially with regard to the inclusivity of the processes under way and the tight timeline for the establishment of the National Constituent Assembly.
The civil engineering specialty of Southwest jiaotong University has 100 years' history. Especially, its research in large-span bridge has always been taking the lead in China.
The CCD newsletter, launched in May 1996 to keep interested audiences and CCD participants well informed of the various activities taking place in connection with the Convention, continues to be published every three months in English and French.
Thailand
Therefore we supported the proposal (CD/1566) of the then CD President, Ambassador Grey, with which we associated the prospect of commanding a general consensus.
21. During the reporting period, United Nations agencies and the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies continued to coordinate efforts in order to prepare for and respond to the H1N1 influenza pandemic through a "humanitarians in pandemic" working group and a humanitarian pandemic preparedness operations committee.
The focus of these agreements should be on reducing the differences between national conditions governing transit trade across the region, including laws, administrative requirements, technical standards and commercial practices.
It is evident that developing countries are the most vulnerable and will therefore be the first to suffer from global warming and climate change.
Will the US electorate declare that Trump is not what America is about?
(24 - 25 September 2010)
BAT-M Road Layer
Jim is such a bullshit artist.
What if she declared her real faith in court and left them all in the soup!
East Timore
We just like to know about your late husbands.
The photographer added: 'With this diver they were gripping his hand very gently and pulling him along.
Furthermore, the Committee recommends that the State party treat the asylum-seekers and refugees according to their status and do not subject them to detention or deportations to a country where their lives might be in danger.
Good, and how about the car reservation?
27. The European Union attached great importance to the work of the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs, including its organizational and educational work, and its efforts to enhance coordination within the United Nations system and strengthen regional capacities.
He asked to be left unburied, but the disciples wouldn't hear of it, protesting that he would be eaten by the animals and birds.
UNMIT also started working with the Secretariat of State for Security on the drafting of a law on civil protection and with the Secretariat of State for Defence on an options paper for a national defence institution to provide research and training.
Apart from the five permanent members, the Security Council will include in 1997 the following States: Chile, Egypt, Guinea-Bissau, Poland and the Republic of Korea.
Similarly, guidelines for implementation of the Macao Plan of Action on Ageing for Asia and the Pacific were formulated at the International Symposium on Planning Attainable Targets for Societies for All Ages, convened by ESCAP at Macao, China, 26-29 October 1999.
The comments of the Secretary-General were contained in document A/55/423/Add.1.
 42. The Convention also contains provisions requiring States to take measures to ensure that forced labour does not produce situations comparable to slavery and to reinforce national and international efforts to abolish slavery, the slave trade, and similar practices.
It also points out that modern corporation financing should be strategical financing which aims to the maximum of financial competitiveness.
The Executive Boards of UNDP, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Office for Project Services, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women and the World Food Programme made a joint 10-day field visit to Myanmar in March 2013, during which they met government authorities, parliamentarians and major stakeholders in Yangon and Nay Pyi Taw.
Through much of the last century, America's faith in freedom and democracy was a rock in a raging sea.
Now that there's an alligator in the garage.
" The white paper says that the Chinese people are going all out to build a moderately prosperous society in all aspects.
a Information on values, gross areas, years constructed and ages is contained in the draft IPSAS Vol. 1 financial statement valuations of December 2013.
She also informed the Committee that she had attended two such meetings, including the sixth African Regional Conference on Women to assess progress in the implementation of the Beijing and Dakar Platforms for Action, held in Addis Ababa from 22 to 26 November 1999, and the Arab Conference on Integrated Follow-up to the United Nations Global Conferences, held in Beirut from 29 November to 1 December 1999.
The move was intended to achieve savings in travel funds by co-locating training staff at the venue that conducts the civilian predeployment training courses.
The Secretariat will submit a document on the refinement of the methodology agreed by the former Group of Experts on the United Nations Programme in Public Administration and Finance and brought to the attention of the Economic and Social Council at its 2000 session on the collection and analysis of data on the public sector.
Nairobi
17A.2 The overall objective of the programme is to assist African countries in formulating and implementing policies and programmes that will lead to sustainable economic growth and social development, with particular emphasis on poverty reduction, as envisaged in the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and in the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration and in the outcomes of other major United Nations conferences and international agreements.
23 October 2006
19. Requests the Secretary-General to reflect the priorities outlined in paragraph 17 above when presenting the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010 - 2011;
Prison Breaks executive producer Matt Olmstead has admitted that the show may be axed in the near future
This sweeping through the global financial crisis of central banking, spread to the surrounding industry.
40. Debt relief for the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) remained a priority and he called for a substantial increase in the financial resources allocated to that end and for linking of the debt relief process with access to developed country markets for the exports of least developed and other developing countries in order to facilitate poverty eradication and development.
230. The unspent balance of programme cooperation from other resources was $1,052 million at the end of 2004 ($792 million/regular and $260 million/emergency).
The AFM are responsible for Malta's airspace and maritime area and also the airside of the local International airport.
The entry into force should be published through a notice in the official gazette.
"[130 bis] In the light of this need, two meetings were held during the period under review between members of the Bureau and senior officials of the Department.
The members Jannie Lasimbang (Malaysia), International Chief Wilton Littlechild (Canada), José Carlos Morales Morales (Costa Rica) and Danfred Titus (South Africa) participated in the fifth session of the Expert Mechanism.
But if employers actually enroll their employees automatically in the plan, telling them that they can drop out at any time simply by notifying the employer, a large majority of employees will just accept the plan.
Yesterday, during the dialogue with people living with AIDS, organized by the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, it was made painfully clear once again that the time for words is over, and that it is time to do it right.
It also affirms its support for the principle of juridical equality of all nations as regards their sovereignty and confirms that this should take priority over any economic dispute.
The objective was to disseminate and operationalize such outputs as the 2011 version of the United Nations Model Convention and the 2012 United Nations Practical Manual on Transfer Pricing for Developing Countries as capacity development tools for the benefit of developing countries.
The Italian company sued the British company claiming termination of the agreement due to the latter's failure to fulfill its obligations thereunder (i.e., to buy and distribute the goods on the British market and to pay the price), as well as damages.
Fertility Treatments and Services
It's an all-hands meeting.
55. One participant observed that when a ratings agency, such as Moody's, says "no", it simply means that a project cannot be financed on commercial terms.
30. UNFPA supports the collection of data and research for evidence-based policy formulation and programme implementation.
:: UN-Women
Among the people, there are some who see this question in a somewhat different light.
It is easy to use and information can be exchanged in a very attractive format (including images and graphics).
17. During the last two decades, remittances have become an increasingly important source of external development finance, supporting balance of payments and contributing to the gross national product.
The development that has been achieved to date has completely changed the shape of the world, and we cannot compare yesterday's ICT to today's.
Non-State armed groups have retaliated by deliberately targeting farmers working the fields.
Refrain from exercise at least 4 hours before bedtime Regular exercise is recommended to help you sleep well, but the timing of the workout is important.
5. Also at the same meeting, the representative of the Division for Sustainable Development of the United Nations Secretariat made a statement.
'We will try to sell as much of the bank as possible with the deposit franchise, [but] this does not mean that all of the assets will be sold in this sale,' an FDIC spokesman said.
The international community's support to West Africa, while it had not been denied, had been inadequate in terms of magnitude and duration.
Have you ever said something you didn't want to say?
 There are many economic and social problems that have defied solution and the overall picture of economic growth is not very reassuring, particularly in many developing countries where development objectives have been frustrated.
In the view of several participants, without the involvement of the Bretton Woods institutions the process would be meaningless.
However, as shown in the latest report of the Board of Auditors2 and in the budgets of individual peacekeeping operations under consideration by the Advisory Committee, persistent problems remain in the area of field procurement.
On 7 July 2000, the appeal was forwarded to the Office of the Military Prosecutor of the Northern Caucasus Military District.
To expand the industrial base of the country and to promote the use of IT, an adequate and uninterrupted supply of electricity is a must.
They said that they understood Nepal's concerns but felt that the issue needed to be considered at more length, and in concert with the discussion on destruction and disposal of ozonedepleting substances, before it could be agreed.
115. The objective of the programme entitled "Disabled persons in the civil service" is the vocational activation of the disabled who are unemployed or seeking employment, through the initiation and support of activities undertaken by institutions that fulfil public administration tasks directed at the disabled.
FCI provides technical assistance in managing and implementing activities aimed at sensitizing district and village leaders; health education and promotion; training health workers in life-saving skills and safe motherhood; and supervision.
Use a questionnaire to survey attitudes to smoking.
12. Following its occupation of Kuwait in August 1990, Iraq was subjected to a regime of economic sanctions.
This year, the detachment from the Middle East's sombre and dangerous realities is ever more apparent.
Therefore, it is of paramount importance that the United Nations be informed as soon as it becomes known to the troop/police contributors that a troop/police contributor will not be able or does not wish to continue providing one or some of the self-sustainment capabilities negotiated in the MOU.
a) The same right to enter into marriage;
The approved Shap Sz Heung OZP No. S/NE-SSH/9 is now available for public inspection during normal office hours at the Secretariat of the Board, the Planning Enquiry Counters of the Planning Department in the North Point and Sha Tin Government Offices, the Sha Tin, Tai Po and North District Planning Office, the Tai Po District Office, and the Sai Kung North Rural Committee.
That was important, because the Tribunals would begin downsizing as investigations and trials came to an end.
In this connection, the Committee notes with concern the existence of national security legislation which grants impunity to state officials who violate human rights, including economic, social and cultural rights.
Mr. Piot (Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS): With the death of Mr. Lee Jong-wook, the fight against AIDS has lost an inspiring and determined force.
When I was a baby, I could play.
With no real top tier data ahead in London, traders will continue to focus on the plight of Greece.
experience  [[C]        vt.1. ]She had no experience of life at all
UNITED A NATIONS
Among other things, the Authority is responsible for collecting and updating data, conducting studies, formulating plans and programmes for water resources development and utilization, implementing common groundwater management policies, training technical personnel, rationing the aquifer waters and studying the environmental aspects of water resources development.
Karl-Franzens-University (Austria), law school Master of law
Sweden made a recommendation.
Chimbu Province
The author maintains, in addition, that the essential element of the offence of fraud, namely deception, was introduced by the judges at the sentencing stage, and it was therefore impossible for him to mount a defence against this new accusation during the trial.
Paragraph 1 of Security Council resolution 1624 (2005) reads as follows:
He influenced business training and politics with many of his ideas.
Wait with your pictures for a second.
E. Lump-sum payments in lieu of entitlements
But what made you disguise yourself in that fashion
In chapter II we will explore in greater detail how to communicate difficult feelings.
The Government plans to review the Alcohol Act to introduce further restrictions to alcohol advertisement and increase further taxation on alcohol.
HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL
And then when she told me, there on the steps, what did I do?
No, it's snowing so hard, and I have only so small a bundle of wood.
Most of the appointments were apparently made on a temporary basis.
- To secure from the parties guarantees of cooperation and assurances of security for the possible deployment in-country of military observers;
116. Added to this legal dimension is the general confusion regarding the term “sect” in particular.
We all know that we should increase our daily intake of fruit.
"(d) Continuing to consider the issue of coordinated support of the international community to the countries concerned and provide advice in this regard;
Gaudiempré
Finally, the offence of desertion is punished by article 66 of the Military Penal Code.
The P-5 post is transferred to the Programme Support Service, since the liaison and coordinating activities of the post can be directly carried out from headquarters.
Their many victims will rightly seek some form of accounting - at a minimum, an official record of the crimes they suffered.
The attentive audience were listening to the English talk in the auditorium.
The importance of focusing on early interventions was underlined.
(a) (i) Reduced number of instances of non-compliance by the parties to the ceasefire and peace agreements
* Includes households with and without access to mains supply.
He is a practical man and doesn't like empty talk.
For the second periodic report submitted by the Government of Canada see CEDAW/C/13/Add.11, considered by the Committee at its ninth session.
She claimed that Indonesia's immigration policies were bringing in peoples from other parts of Indonesia.
The new Iraq has passed through crucial transitional stages in an incredibly short period of time.
19.30 Reception hosted by the Government of Eritrea Intercontinental
68. Records usually include details of the weapon itself (type, model, calibre, unique markings, etc.) and elements of its history (production, possession, ownership, stockpiling, resale, transfer, destruction, etc.).
Relation of industrial water use and economic development: water use Kuznets Curve
The African Union also is hosting a donor's conference on Tuesday to solicit funds for the African initiative.
3. On the basis of the recommendation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions contained in its report on the financing of UNMEE dated 4 June 2008 (A/62/781/Add.17 and Corr.1), the General Assembly, in its resolution 62/259, appropriated for the maintenance of UNMEE for the 2008/09 financial period the amount of $100,367,400 gross ($98,027,600 net) and decided to apportion among Member States the amount of $50,183,700 gross ($49,013,800 net) for the period from 1 July to 31 December 2008, subject to the extension of the Mission's mandate by the Security Council.
Antigua, Guatemala -- 18/7/2011 to 23/7/2011
Putin’s Last Stand
In addition, regarding future investment treaties, the transparency rules would apply if such treaties contained a reference to the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules, unless the Parties to the treaty agreed otherwise.
Vocational re-training particularly for women community workers is on going.
Revision from March 16, 2009 19:05:07 by:
At present, the deep level reason is the inconsistency between performance evaluation policy, periodical resource and the author's demand.
Goods manufactured for export include watches, textiles, electronics, pharmaceuticals and rum, which is responsible for 15 per cent of the Territory's export revenue.
Samsung's companies have shown little effect from the scandal.
E-commerce and international logistics
We need some distraction after work.
鈥淵es,鈥?said the friend, 鈥渂ut at least someone could have enjoyed the fruit.
(b) To grant consultative status to the following non-governmental organizations:
"Abe, is that you?" the creature asked, his antennae perking up.
In the absence of any reply from the State party, due consideration should be given to the authors' complaints to the extent that they are substantiated.
The sixth form does not meet your romantic needs.
The Commission focused specifically on implementation of the critical area of concern, women and health, in its agreed conclusions on women and health in 1999 (see Economic and Social Council resolution 1999/17), and in its agreed conclusions of 2006 on the enhanced participation of women in development: an enabling environment for achieving gender equality and the advancement of women, taking into account, inter alia, the fields of education, health and work.
Note by the Secretary-General
I'm happy you have mor meaningful employment now.
He was simply carrying out the instructions he had received.
Policies sold today affect profits far into the future
For a long time the safe mining of our country's coal resources has been seriously affected by a primary factor which is water inrush from coal seam floor.
Shakespeare had these words: Thou tell'st me there is murder in mine eye.
The President (interpretation from French): I should like to remind representatives of the need for punctuality, as I intend to begin our work tomorrow at 10 a.m. and not a minute later.
Upon the woodlands morning airs The small birds mingled notes are flung; But she, whose voice, more sweet than theirs, Once bade me listen, while they sung, Is in her grave, Low in her grave.
In a number of countries, women or girls from religious minorities unfortunately run the risk of being abducted, with the purpose of forcing them to convert to the mainstream religion, often in connection with an unwanted marriage.
Commodities
A:How did you get to be a politician
E/CN.4/2000/131
It circled over the South before leaving over Kafr Killa at 1300 hours.
He was going to receive the award of the "golden axe " and was to speak in front of the audience .
Resolution 1370 (2001)
The position stated by the Belgian delegation on behalf of the European Union in the debate on the budget estimates for the biennium 1994-1995 remained valid with respect to the resolution just adopted.
These gaps arise from the absence of clear agency responsibility in some sectors, and from what would appear to be insufficient efforts by some agencies in their designated areas.
Chinese residents of Macao and Taiwan may apply to take up studies in part-time locally-accredited taught post-graduate programmes;
Mechanial theory has been applied in many aspects of mining engineering but many new mechanical problems appear continuously in practice.
He was one of the world's greatest players and was famous for his 'hand of God' goal against England in the World Cup.
Enteromius cadenati
A fixed operational site and up?to?standard trading facilities;
The plan is to include stationary police points which would be able to maintain eye contact with one another along the main thoroughfare from the Western Wall to the Damascus and Jaffa Gates.
lest She explained again and again lest people should misunderstand her.
It is necessary to prevent induction motors against overload and undervoltage.
The balance of the appropriations shall be surrendered.
A similar experiment was organized in Moscow in 1995.
If the principle of good faith is applied to the conduct of the parties, caution should be exercised.
The Little Men said, "Take her.
Imagine how closeness might grow in marriages if every couple deliberately showed affection for 30 seconds? Better yet, do it several times a day.
Hey, pal, I'm really sorry, but you know what? Happy New Year!
The Secretary-General shall have the right and the duty to waive immunity of any official in any case where, in his opinion, the immunity would impede the course of justice and can be waived without prejudice to the interests of the United Nations".
Condition refers to the name of the input power is low system power consumption.
The paper elaborates related theory and implementation of the protection by taking an example of a real generator.
Another's.She will be another's.As she was before my kisses. Her voice,her bright body.Her infinite eyes.
(resolution 69/209) Adopted
Arrested in Khuza'a Area, Gaza, 23 August 2007
Tuesday, 20 November 2007, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.: English
Formulate national climate change action plans
* E/CN.6/2003/1.
However, the Directorate for Culture, Education and Ecclesiastical Affairs may decide that other lines of education are eligible for study grants as well.
The main aims of Sexuality and Relationship education in PSD are to help students develop a positive attitude of sexuality, and be able to communicate about sexuality, emotions and relationships; develop the necessary skills to make informed and responsible decisions and choices about their sexual behaviour and health; develop the necessary skills to enter into relationships which are based on mutual respect and understanding for one another's needs and boundaries; encourage critical thinking and reflection about gender identities and gender-role stereotyping; develop acceptance and respect for people with different sexual choices and orientations; acquire the necessary information that they need to take care of their sexual health; acquire the necessary information about different types of sexually transmitted infections and contraception and acquire the knowledge and skills to be able to identify and access sexual health resources in the community.
According to UNICEF, women and girls who marry while aged under 18 years are less educated, more likely to experience domestic violence and believe that their husbands are fully justified in beating them than their peers who marry later.
Wind and Cloud
Traditional company law theory denies its legal status.
Effect of complement 4 genetic polymorphism on complement activation during cardiopulmonary bypass in open heart surgery among children
Furthermore, even though ECCAS member States had developed and deployed a relatively comprehensive collective anti-piracy architecture over the past three years, their commendable efforts were still limited in scope and effectiveness, and did not cover the entire Gulf of Guinea region.
As a result, the ratio of women in higher-ranking government posts in rank 5 and above was increased from 4.8 per cent in 2001, the first year of the Plan, to 9.6 per cent in 2006, which is an increase of more than two-fold and close to the set target of 10 per cent.
IRT Nostrand Avenue Line stations
Report of the Fifth Committee
the old man asked the bird
Do not believe the Santa Claus, similar to did not believe spirit is.
Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Gen. Qais Hamza Aboud, police chief for the Babil province, was killed in the midday attack on his convoy.
Solar photovoltaic (PV) cells, which use solar panels to directly generate energy are popular for individual buildings or small geographic areas, but large scale use is expensive.
7. The ECOWAS Summit of Heads of State and Government was held in Abuja from 23 to 24 March, and was attended by the President of Guinea-Bissau.
What is a musical visual recording?
Export consortia development activities will be undertaken within cluster programmes emphasizing the linkage aspect with smaller economic partners to contribute to the pro-poor growth agenda, or as specific projects targeting dynamic SMEs in growth oriented sectors.
16.5 After the date of the expiry of the validity period of the Contract, all those creditor锛噑 rights and debts which have not been fulfilled by either of the Parties shall still be fulfilled by both parties without any influence of the expiry of validity period of the Contract.
Statements were also made by the representative of Chile on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States, and by the observer for Luxembourg.
Typically, approximately half of the participants are drawn from Italy, with many of the remainder being drawn from developing countries.
National and international strategies should take into account the social aspects of globalization.
Mr. NOTERDAEME (Belgium) (interpretation from French): The opposition of the European Community and its member States to any extraterritorial application of national legislation is beyond question.
Scarcelyhad His feet touchedthe ground when an employeediscovered him by chance .That person asked: What do you want todo
14. In designing the proposed report, a number of technical questions are being addressed.
There's something fishy about it.
(b) Military pattern (armoured)
And we listen to this story：
Adequate measures were taken to improve rapid response capabilities of officers and privates.
For area-based development, the NABDP supports urgent recovery projects, government capacity building at all levels, and medium- and long-term development projects to stimulate local economies.
"I want it to be one of those six, if not the seventh," declared Martn, suggesting that Eriksson is not his coach of choice.
The proposal for the annual recalculation of the scale was neither practical nor advisable, in the light of rule 160 of the General Assembly’s rules of procedure and owing to the problems highlighted by the Committee on Contributions.
(c) Note by the Secretary-General on the election of 19 members of the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations (E/2006/9/Add.1);
It maintains that refusal to the present day, despite the international community's repeated admonitions that Israel's position is doing great damage to the credibility and universality of the Treaty, and effectively prevents the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East, notwithstanding the efforts of the other parties involved, which have put forward a number of initiatives to that end.
28. In Peru, UNICEF influenced new national actors on issues of intercultural bilingual education, prioritizing it in more than five regions and providing technical and financial support at the central and regional levels.
Stem cells have the ability of self-renewal, high proliferation and multi-lineage differentiation potential, whose development can be affected by many inner mechanisms and microenvironment factors.
For this objective to be achieved, it is essential that the various Headquarters units involved in the communications function have a unified vision and a common message.
States and territories established in 1707
- Between 0700 and 1559 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Naqurah and flying north. It circled over the regions of the South and left over Naqurah.
Second session
1. Decides that the mandate of UNMIL shall be extended until 30 September 2014;
(16) The Committee is concerned about the situation of street children in the State party, as well as their high numbers (art. 10).
3. General principles (arts. 2, 3, 6 and 12)
As with any other, that important innovation will be worthwhile only to the degree that it is repeated in the future and integrated fully into the Council's practices.
Indicate the measures taken and specify timerelated goals and nutritional benchmarks for measuring achievements in this regard.
How does throat want fast good? What drug to take the most effective?
 11. When the UNDP General Fund and IAPSO are combined, there has been an overall increase in income from $2,879.0 million in the 1992-1993 biennium to $3,259.6 million in the 1994-1995 biennium.
Table 16
 For the first time since 1980, when its programme in the West Bank and Gaza Strip was launched, UNICEF could work in cooperation with a central Palestinian authority which provided the framework for planning, policy development and harmonization of basic services to children and women on a national level.
On the issue of arms sales to Taiwan our position is clear and consistent.
87. These recommendations will be examined by India which will provide responses in due time.
3 - 6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 9
C. Reform of the judiciary 34 - 40 10
55. The Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review held its tenth session from 31 January to 4 February 2011.
So a fight came out even though there is nothing to argue about.So trust me when I say, trust with love really works.
Alternatively, it was proposed that the draft articles simply provide that the general criteria apply when the treaty does not provide otherwise.
With the cultivated method ginseng is dancesly densely planted in raised beds.
"Well, I should say," said the other.
Quantum cryptography and quantum secret communication are two focus in the quantum information research field.
19. The Trade and Development Board approved the following draft provisional agenda, as presented in document TD/B/EX(47)/L.2, for the second session of the Trade and Development Commission:
FIRST COMMITTEE
Good thing about myself : I'm nice, but I think my first impression IS bad.
These funds will be channelled through the disbursement mechanisms and procedures of each organization.
On 12 November, the Council unanimously adopted resolution 2184 (2014), in which the Council renewed for a further 12 months the authorization for States and regional organizations to combat piracy off the coast of Somalia. The resolution stressed the need for a comprehensive response to piracy, including tackling its underlying causes; called for the immediate and unconditional release of all hostages held by Somali pirates; and urged States to ensure that counter-piracy activities took into consideration the need to protect women and girls, in particular, from exploitation.
Any independent body established to promote and protect the rights of the child, such as an Ombudsperson or a Commissioner;
Leanne Peters from the ACT Nudist Club in the capital Canberra said Australia would look like a "haven for prudes" in the unlikely event that laws passed parliament.
Body weight, body height and placental weight were not affected either.
Management and administration: expenditure incurred by organizational units whose primary function is the maintenance of the identity, discretion and well-being of the organization.
Case 610: CISG 19 - United States: U.S. [Federal] District Court for North Dakota; No. A3-97-28, Primewood, Inc. v. Roxan GmbH & Co. Veredelungen (19 February 1998)
He reiterated that none of the experts had stated that there was a gap in the international framework, but that improved implementation was needed.
The Committee stressed that some technical issues needed to be discussed further and requested the Partnership in Statistics for Development in the Twenty-first Century to present to the Committee at its next session a summary of the challenges and risks faced by PRESS, as well as a road map for the improvement of PRESS.
Angola
It is only common sense, says Mr Shan, that this situation cannot persist.
The incumbent would manage procurement activities for the acquisition of the information and communications technology goods and services for all peacekeeping and peacebuilding missions; lead and direct procurement teams; develop procurement policies and procedures; and provide advice on best practices and strategies for the implementation of procurement reform (see A/63/767, para. 580).
In 2010, IAEA organized an international workshop on the modern experience in the remediation of the areas affected by the Chernobyl accident in the Gomel region of Belarus.
Phage SP3 DNase
The Committee also held 10 meetings to discuss agenda items 6, 7, 8 and 9.
Camels cross the Hongoryn Els dunes in the Gobi Desert in Mongolia.
UNCTAD should also assist countries in the development of their insurance sector with a view to creating benefits for development.
1. Recalls its decision 2008/17;
It's fairly easy to spot the qualities that make the above individuals irritating -- at least when the behaviors are displayed by others.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/67/L.25 without a vote (see para. 6).
State-owned China National Petroleum Corp. was one of the first foreign oil companies to sign a major contract in Iraq.
South Africa A. T. Moleah, A. P. Rapea, I. K. Bodasing, M. Shai, A. J. Du Plessis, M. Lungisa Dyosi, N. S. Schoombie, S. V. Mangcotywa
To agree that the Governments of Arab States shall:
His Group supported the initiatives taken and encouraged UNCTAD to pursue its activities in favour of Africa.
These provisions also make it a crime to participate in a conspiracy to commit, or to aid or abet the commission of, money-laundering.
The amount reflecting increases and decreases includes a provision of $35.9 million related to the delayed impact of costing new posts approved in 2006-2007, and the deduction of one-time costs of $53.1 million approved for 2006-2007.
More focused attention is proposed to be given to the development of e-procurement: the EPRCP envisages upgrading the CPIS, as a platform for regional modern public procurement system, which is expected to deliver a range of more advanced procurement services, beyond the mere publicising of procurement information, such as enabling on-line submission of tenders.
Later, this idea became to be known as the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, but this term is somewhat inappropriate. Although both Sapir and Whorf emphasized the diversity of languages ,Sapir himself never explicitly supported the notion of linguistic determinism
2. The Working Group on Arbitrary Detention was set up under Commission on Human Rights resolution 1991/42.
Heads of State of the Gambia
37. Ms. Fukuda-Parr recalled the key tensions between intellectual property systems and the right to development.
Letter dated 25 September 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/57/423-S/2002/1065)
If productivity growth picked up, then 2.5% GDP growth could again be the “speed limit.”
UNITAR established, in 1996, the Desertification Information Systems (DIS) programme through pilot projects implemented in Mali, Senegal and Tunisia.
Should standards be developed/agreed for clearance and clearance operations?
C. Institutional and human rights infrastructure
Support to 180 victims and witnesses of human rights violations through the provision of or referral to medical services, safe houses, local humanitarian support structures and legal aid initiatives
" "Article 225 The execution officer may commit the sealed-up property to the person subjected to execution for safekeeping, and the person shall be held responsible for any losses incurred due to his fault.
Cumaru do Norte
Yet the more docile horse would balk every time he came to the edge.
The regular budget of UNDCP essentially covers activities of treaty implementation and legal affairs at UNDCP headquarters; it is submitted by the Secretary-General, reviewed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) and approved by the General Assembly.
We sat down with the World of Warcraft design team to get insight into the overall philosophy behind five-person dungeon design in Wrath of the Lich King.
Conventions on refugees and stateless persons
46. Mexico indicated that in case of conscientious objection, there were many tasks of a noncombatant nature that individuals could be assigned to do.
III. Large-calibre artillery systems
The latest issue is to be published in 2011.
Conference of the Parties POPRC
Arrest him for treason!
The strategic direction of the subprogramme is derived mainly from the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, the 2005 World Summit Outcome, the Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries, and the resolutions contained in the list of mandates.
The amount of the discrimination fine - which is a genuinely novel feature of the regulation - may extend from HUF 50,000 to HUF 6 million.
59. The delegation expressed the assurance that it would provide written replies to other questions that had not been fully addressed.
406. At its 1217th meeting, held on 5 August 1997 (see CERD/C/SR.1217), the Committee reviewed the implementation of the Convention by Ethiopia based upon its previous report (CERD/C/156/Add.3) and its consideration by the Committee (see CERD/C/SR.871-872). The Committee noted with regret that no report had been submitted to the Committee since 1989.
Took note of the report of the Office on Internal Oversight Services and encouraged intergovernmental bodies to make use of the findings in the programme performance report of the Secretary-General and evaluation reports in planning and policymaking;
Delegations are kindly requested to consult the draft programme of work of the Third Committee (A/C.3/61/L.1) prior to contacting the Secretariat with their request for inscription on the list (contact: Ms. Nancy Beteta (tel. 1 (212) 963-5722; fax 1 (212) 963-5935)).
explain, interpret The Employer may object to and require the Contractor to replace forthwith any of its authorized representatives who is incompetent.
Beyond the proposal to revitalize the transitional justice law, some efforts in relation to searching for and identifying missing persons and the start of a few trials of former regime figures, little progress has been made on launching a transitional justice process.
The soil erosion in the Loess Plateau leading to ecological fragility causes serious harm.
14. A triangular relationship between the United Nations Inter-Agency Round Table, the United Nations Communications Group and the United Nations Development Group may lead to consideration for United Nations staff capacity enhancement, a coherent and system-wide communication for development policy and the systematic follow-up of Round Table recommendations at Headquarters and field levels.
Another thing holiday seasons are known for, however, is eating.
"6. The Trusteeship Council takes note of the progress made in activities related to fisheries resources development and the emphasis placed on the need to protect the environment, in particular, to safeguard against overexploitation of marine resources.
34. Objectivity is an unbiased mental attitude that allows internal auditors to perform an engagement in a manner that does not compromise the quality of the audit and that does not subordinate their judgement to others.
Amauri is keeping a close eye on his former club, but also the one before that, as Palermo take on Chievo on Sunday afternoon.
Many fast food businesses are diversifying in an attempt to capture more customers form their competitors.
Cuba
The review provided for in paragraphs 1 and 2 will take place after accession in each year for eight years.
Photoelectricity Track Scan scanner is a set of color label location.
Shiho
Investment policy review programme
Each fifth national communication will be subject to an in-depth review in accordance with decisions 2/CP.1, 6/CP.3 and 11/CP.4.
For its part, the Palestinian Authority should find ways to contribute to the de-escalation of the situation and improving the prevailing divisive climate, including in the international arena.
Then the Lord struck the child that Uriah's widow bore to David, so that he was very sick.
The prevailing view, however, was that the specific legal regime of public procurement and other administrative contracts should be preserved, since any interference with such a legal regime might seriously affect the acceptability of the draft Convention.
Saudi Aramco alleges that these preparations were required as a direct result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait and the threatened and actual military operations that resulted.
Until Lechero gets back, We should start looking for pieces About four feet in length.
Charges or credits relating to prior years; and
The child has a sweet tooth.
"Every time we step onto the court we know we have the talent and we know we have the strength to go out and be the best team out on the court.
45. First, the Appellate Body concluded that the United States measure was provisionally justified under subparagraph (g) by considering turtles as an exhaustible natural resource.
Item 12. Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly.
Uruguay has an unshakeable commitment to international humanitarian law and accords a high priority to the protection of civilians in armed conflict.
Dr Mills adds that while fitness and sport are positive goals, companies need to discourage a macho jock culture.
Section 29C
83. Togo was fully committed to combating the drug problem and had taken numerous legislative and regulatory measures at the national, regional and international levels.
The Second Committee adopted the draft resolution.
7. By conceding that the refugees can be repatriated west of the berm, the Frente POLISARIO seems to have modified its position on two issues.
Mortality from non-communicable diseases now rivals mortality from communicable diseases.
A. Common and joint services in Vienna
"This is a chance of a life time," I declared to my friend Stacy as I locked the door of my office and left the restaurant I managed.
She walked the whole night long without stopping, and the next day as well, until she was too tired to walk any further. Then she saw a hunters hut and went inside
1. Recalls its resolution 66/235 of 24 December 2011, section X of its resolution 66/247 and its resolution 66/___ of __ June 2012;
During the period between 25 January and 11 February 2011, when the President stepped down, women and men were subject to police torture, beatings, verbal and physical abuse and arrests, sexual violence and abuse by segments of the police, security forces and alleged agents of the regime and individuals paid to intimidate protestors and the media.
We believe that this comprehensive resolution should be used for guidance and as the basis for the work of the relevant United Nations bodies and other stakeholders responsible for implementing the outcomes of the conferences and summits.
Finally, Peru believes that the United Nations system has a fundamental role to play with a view to actively promoting the attainment of the goals of the Convention.
90. Staff of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs are working with United Nations agency representatives to prepare a regional consolidated appeal document to be presented to donors in March.
"I gave her an inner strength to endure childbirth and the rejection that many times comes from her children" . ""I gave her a hardness that allows her to keep going when everyone else gives up, and take care of her family through sickness and fatigue without complaining "
The land, which mostly belongs to the military, did not change ownership, but all federally funded projects on the land have to be reviewed to ensure they do not affect the species' native habitat.
The representative of Ethiopia had accused Eritrea of targeting civilians, but in Eritrea’s retaliatory aerial bombing, which the Ethiopian Prime Minister, in the same BBC interview, had said was targeted on schools, Eritrea had destroyed MIG jets, helicopter gunships and a transport plane, which were hardly school equipment.
In addition to a lack of awareness among commanders of their obligations to release girls who are used as "wives", the low number is also due to a perceived lack of choice by girls who see no better option than to remain with their military "husbands", their fear of ostracism by the community upon return, and a lack of awareness by the girls of their rights.
Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium and the Civilian Police Support Group [155]
They were arrested on 13 September 2005 for selling telephone cards, at around the time of the assassination of Rafiq Hariri, without taking down the identity of the purchasers of the cards.
Non-communicable diseases related to tobacco use are adding an enormous burden to the already fragile health systems of some developing countries.
With reference to our letter of 10 May 2004 I have the honour to inform you, at the request of the Government of Lebanon, that on 7 May 2004 Israeli occupation forces positioned at Al-Summaqah and Ruwaysat al-Alam in the occupied Shab`a Farms infiltrated to a depth of more than 200 metres into liberated Lebanese territory, thus violating that territory.
(a) Report of the Third Committee (A/57/549)
Weapons used
35. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Lithuania of the present concluding observations in order to make the people, including Government officials, politicians, parliamentarians and women's and human rights organizations, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de jure and de facto equality of women and the further steps that are required in that regard.
Estonia
The authors had tried to demonstrate that some matters were common to multiple countries even when they had very different levels of social protection.
There has been a long-standing need for a book with a unifying concept on the cutaneous manifestations of this disease.
Oh, I can't wait to hear all about his trip.
Specific terrorist acts are penalized in the same way as if they were committed without terrorist motivation, for instance as murder, endangering by explosives, hijacking of an aircraft etc.
15 July 2012
League of Legends
51. At the 4th meeting, on 20 May, the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives held a panel discussion on the implementation of the outcome of the Summit.
Task only once to build all the project files, the outputs of all the targets are collected into one array.
(d) Administrative economy by identifying records eligible for disposal, e.g., 1,000 boxes in 2005
541. For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2005/59.
Through its scientific and forensic services programme, UNODC continued to provide quality assurance support to national laboratories.
Former Minister of Housing and Lands, Mauritius
Other stock markets across Asia also closed sharply lower as the lofty crude-oil prices increased concerns about the global economic outlook.
Cathay Pacific Airways and its pilots were deadlockedafter pay talks failed.
Voter education and registration campaigns are necessary to ensure the effective exercise of article 25 rights by an informed community.
Gibson's rattled in a number of long-distance efforts for the Reserves over the last few years, but he admits his strike on Sunday topped them all.
(a) the name of the person or persons, and any other relevant identifying information;
Despite what everyone says no one wins the league by Christmas, I beg to differ.
HCFC-141b 725
Longtail butterfly ray
The most important of these is improvisation.
(c) Take steps, including through the use of information campaigns, to end discrimination against children with disabilities;
Norway's risk evaluation of PentaBDE was based on risk assessments undertaken by the EU and a report by the Nordic Council of Ministers as well as scientific data that were considered particularly relevant to Norwegian conditions.
The good offices of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, through his Special Adviser, could help to establish peace negotiations between the Government, FARCEP and ELN.
Another delegation also commended the Fund for having included various lessons learned in the report.
" China remained a "low-risk country for terrorism", he sai
People are illogical, unreasonable, and self - centered. love them away.
But what we saw was not the whole story, because similar and worse incidents occur there almost every day with no indiscreet camera around to record them.
Many countries undergo economic difficulties and people's rights to existence are threatened. This is entirely attributable to the economic blockade and sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other Western countries.
45. It is indispensable that those actors collaborate closely in order to maximize resources, avoid duplication and ensure coherence for the implementation of this plan of action.
The displacement tendency for each lattice site is indicated by arrow line.
Only a male Muslim may become a judge.
Don't say that. not ever.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of the sub-item.
The Republic of Tajikistan condemns discrimination against women and is pursuing a proactive policy to eliminate discrimination against women in all its forms.
Rapporteur: Mr. Miguel Carbo (Ecuador)
To that end, the Kenyan constitution enshrined equitable distribution of national resources through a system of governance that emphasized reaching marginalized areas and populations.
In 2007, the Asmara Group held a Somali Congress for the Liberation and Reconstitution (SCLR) to devise a political formula for Somalia.
The time-series presented for most receiving countries cover the period 1960-2004.
The applications and recent progresses of chiral amino alcoholsas either ligands or catalysts in asymmetric synthesis are reviewed.
But, no compulsory pre-examination training for the qualification examination shall be organized, and no textbook or other supplementary materials shall be specifie
8. Further encourages Member States to adopt effective means to reduce family poverty and prevent the intergenerational transfer of poverty through family-centred benefits and social protection measures, such as old-age pensions, cash transfers, housing assistance, child benefits and tax breaks;
Target 2010: 100
The Jury was sent out and the court was recessed.
But the problem has been particularly acute in the Indian subcontinent.
Institutionally, there is a need, for example, for national, regional and international coordination among national authorities to prevent the illicit trafficking of nuclear material.
He scoffed at our amateurish attempts.
(We received our guests with the utmost hospitality, pressing drinks upon them and urging cigarettes
Provide financial and technical support to least developed countries to develop and implement social protection policies and programmes, especially for poor and disadvantaged groups.
In accordance with Council decisions 2004/322 and 2009/211, the Group is composed of the Permanent Representatives of Benin, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Haiti, Peru, Spain and Trinidad and Tobago to the United Nations.
Option 1: para.
We believe that a positive approach by the First Committee could revive the activity of a number of forums in the field of arms control and disarmament.
146. As to the substance of the draft articles, some delegations drew attention to some issues of definition, and of recognition of the international legal personality of an international organization by an injured party.
4. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) takes this issue very seriously, as demonstrated by several interventions made by the High Commissioner and the Deputy High Commissioner.
States may indicate whether they are party to any regional human rights conventions.
UNDCP explained that thenceforth it would sign off on all financial undertakings and receive bank details and statements.
Report by the Secretary-General
Your very nostalgic about England.
At its eighth session, the SBI requested the secretariat to prepare a draft decision on participation of non-governmental organizations in contact groups (see FCCC/SBI/1998/6, para. 83).
Almost a quarter of people said that half or less than half of the information they read on sites they visited regularly was reliable.
55/22 Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Community of Central African States
Work is a matter of honour for every citizen who is able to work.
Contraceptive methods used by women
129 deaths
International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism
(iii) For staff in the General Service and related categories, on the basis of the staff member's gross salary, including language allowance, if any, less staff assessment, according to the schedule of rates set forth in staff regulation 3.3 (b) (ii) applied to the gross salary alone.
No procedures have been established for investigating allegations of assault by prison guards, which continue to be dealt with on an ad hoc basis, often through the establishment of individual inquiries.
1. The Council considered the question of strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations (agenda item 5) at its 31st, 32nd, 33rd, 34th and 35th meetings, held on 11, 14 and 15 July 2003 (see E/2003/SR.31-35).
Universal periodic review
Contents
His country had ratified relevant international conventions and protocols against transnational organized crime and terrorism, and was also a party to two regional counter-terrorism conventions, the Arab Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism and the Convention of the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf on Combating Terrorism.
Report of the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review*
483. Four of the largest organizations receive food aid from the European Union: the "Restaurants du Coeur", the Federation of Food-banks, the "Secours populaire" charity, and the French Red Cross.
Recalling the decision of the 2000 Review Conference that three sessions of the Preparatory Committee should be held in the years prior to the review conference,
With nowhere for interest rates to go but up, bonds do not need political risk to look unattractive.
“Reaffirming the outcome of the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held at Midrand, South Africa, Proceedings of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, Ninth Session, Midrand, Republic of South Africa, 27 April–11 May 1996, Report and Annexes (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.II.D.4), part one, sect. A.
T-55 AM
Integrated study of four - property relationship of low permeability reservoir: case study of Jirgalangtu depression, Erlian basin.
Release the mouse button to store the text in the Toolbox.
It was on a backstreet not one of the main streets so there were no people around to see him as he walked along the small road which went under the building into the basement car park.
Administrative disputes, CERES production, Tunis, 1995, in Arabic, second edition: 1998; third edition: 2006.
He is always whispering to us, only we do not hear, because of the noise, hurry, and distraction which life causes as it rushes on.
Among the "bottlenecks" in the implementation of women's rights, she had cited the substantial number of reservations to the Convention, including some considered to be incompatible with its object and purpose, and gaps in national legislative frameworks, including insufficient reflection of the Convention in constitutions, the persistence of discriminatory legislation in penal and civil law and family law, and the discriminatory impact of the co-existence of multiple legal systems.
Technical survey now allows for the remaining clearance to commence no later than one month following survey completion.
Sections XII–XIV of that document contained three additional draft plans of action prepared by Finland at the request of the Commission.
Viet Nam
Gail: Right here, sir.
IV. Provisional agenda and proposed organization of work
One expert stressed that the non-market-economy criteria, taken together with the subjective methodology applied in calculating price, has often led to higher AD duties.
The recent transfer of responsibilities between the two organizations in Chad and in Kosovo highlights the close partnership between the EU and the United Nations.
The State's actions in this direction cannot be taken indiscriminately and in an unplanned manner, lest the resources achieved through such efforts be squandered.
There was still a threat that the tragic internal conflicts of that war might proliferate and cause a large-scale refugee outflow, exacerbating the alarming refugee situation in the Balkans.
Permanent free, compatible with any antivirus software.
From the very beginning, mediation has been a key tool for the peaceful settlement of disputes, with a specific reference to it in the United Nations Charter.
Its corrosion resistant properties in the sea has been urea(? )ly improved by means of cathodic protection and corrosion resistant paint.
In addition, PEI provides funding to the PEI Association for Newcomers to Canada, which assists immigrants to integrate into Canadian Society and would provide assistance to any victims of human trafficking.
(e) In operative paragraph 11, after "High Commissioner for Human Rights", the words "/the Centre for Human Rights" were inserted.
Michael Moshier: The pilot controls the 4)flaps with the right-hand 5)control stick.Moshier, a former Navy-pilot-turned-entrepreneur, has spent the last 5 years of his life working in secret designing a tiny twin 6)blade strap on helicopter called The Solotrek.He said he finally made his first cautious test flight only two feet up at first.
Forty-two support account posts are proposed to be transferred from the Department as follows: (a) two posts from the Office of the Under-Secretary-General to the Executive Office of the Secretary-General; (b) five posts from the Information Technology Services Division and 35 posts from the Procurement Division to the Department of Field Support.
8. Encourages the Government of Burundi, the Peacebuilding Commission and its national and international partners to honour their commitments made under the Outcome Document of the Fifth Review of the Implementation of the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding and to review these commitments when the PRSP II is finalised to determine how the Peacebuilding Commission can best contribute to Burundi's peacebuilding priorities;
Distribution of staff of the Secretariat in the General Service and related categories by grade as at 30 June 2011
No daddy Im awake replied the boy.
24/CP.8 Technical standards for data exchange between registry systems under the Kyoto Protocol
They said in fury, "Let us destroy them all. " They razed to the ground all the shrines of God in the land.
Draft resolution VII
Geography: Guam
Senior Manager (DE)3
In game theory and finance, risk is only a measure of the variance of possible outcomes.
Indeed, the European Union fully shares the views expressed in the letter concerning the advisability of convening a public meeting and inviting interested States to speak in Security Council discussions on the proposed renewal of its resolution 1422 (2002). (Signed) Adamantios Th. Vassilakis Ambassador
19  Should developing countries concentrate on Improving industrial skills and modern technology or should they promote education firs t
Distances are marked along the south bank at 250 meter intervals.
Syrian Arab Republic
B. The territory
You knew the whole time didn't you!
11. Within her country, measures had been taken to reassure the foreign community and investors by mounting a permanent anti-terrorist operation round diplomatic missions.
But today the game is different. We have the advantage.
In the past decade there has been a marked increase in the incidence of all the main classes of disease among young people, children and adults in the Russian Arctic.
The Committee considers such reservations to be incompatible with the object and purpose of the Convention.
The Strategy, which contains 20 key objectives and over 200 actions, aims to equalise socio-economic opportunity for women, ensure their well-being and engage women as equal and active decision-makers.
I would never forget the amazing sea view with lovely blue sky and shiny golden beach.
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Green bean galaxy
1. The Committee considered the initial report of Egypt (CRC/C/OPAC/EGY/1) at its 1624th meeting (see CRC/C/SR.1624), held on 6 June 2011, and adopted, at its 1639th meeting, held on 17 June 2011 (see CRC/C/SR.1639), the following concluding observations.
Open the make up water valve.
All those involved, particularly those countries that provided clients, had a responsibility to speak out against such practices.
 It anticipates that some land-based producers of the same minerals that are to be produced from the seabed may suffer serious adverse effects on their export earnings or economies.
The Committee recommends that legal aid continue to be made available to all victims of violence, including through the establishment of legal aid clinics, especially in rural areas.
Full - text search for articles, between certain dates, of a specific category, etc.
Repair and maintenance of 980 United Nations-owned prefabricated accommodation buildings, 243 ablution units and 130 prefabricated soft-wall units in use at all UNMIL locations in Liberia
Hence the contradictions that Obama has to face.
Banks that only tap credit guarantees are exempt from the restrictions.At the other extreme, Switzerland's UBS AG agreed as part of a government recapitalization plan to use international 'best practices' for executive pay and accept government monitoring.The U.S. financial-rescue law falls somewhere in between.
But bear in mind that US reverence for the law can sometimes be a trap.
'It makes it sound like they are mindless zombies, ' he said, noting that the name of his blog is a bit of an inside joke.
They attended the 1994 World Forum on the “Role of NGOs in demand reduction”, 12-16 December 1994, Bangkok, Thailand.
Washoe County, Nevada
a)
The total water content of those reservoirs and bodies of water represents 1.5 times the water content of the Aral Sea.
100. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-second session the item entitled "Questions relating to information".
His Government sought to adapt education and training so that young people were equipped to face the challenges of the era; enable the family to contribute fully to supporting young people; expand the choices and employment opportunities available to young men and women while eradicating all forms of exploitation; and enable young people at all levels in society to participate in public life, decision-making and the design of plans and programmes in areas affecting them.
Rapporteur: Mr. Levan Lomidze (Georgia)
Girls are, however, much more vulnerable to abuse given their lack of physical and emotional maturity.
As stated in its May 2014 review report, roughly 60 per cent of its annual allocations were made in support of the six countries on the agenda of the Peacebuilding Commission: Burundi, Central African Republic, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The remaining funds supported important peacebuilding initiatives in Côte d'Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mali and Niger.
After discussion, general agreement was expressed that the Notes should highlight the flexibility of the parties in selecting one or more languages, and underscoring that a choice of language or languages had certain consequences, including on the cost and duration of the proceedings.
Legend: Black -- Critical and Very High; Dark Grey -- High; Light Gray -- Medium risks.
Life on like a storytelling, but the high three lives on like compose this book a part.
Complaint 3.1 In the author's view, the events described violate his rights and those of his daughters under articles 23, paragraph 1, and 24, paragraph 1, of the Covenant.
Training of service providers including medical practitioners, magistrates and police officers has been carried out to improve responses to cases of violence.
2. The Board of Auditors shall be the sole judge as to the acceptance in whole or in part of certifications and representations by the Secretary-General and may proceed to such detailed examination and verification as it chooses of all financial records, including those relating to supplies and equipment.
Statistical Commission
Glades County, Florida
In all the countries governed by systems based on the French codes锛?that is锛?through much the greatest part of the Continent of Europe锛?the law of moveables锛?which was always Roman law锛?has superseded and annulled the feudal law of land.
Kingston, Jamaica
Such a definition must be objective; it must include all forms of terrorism, including State terrorism, and must make a clear distinction between the heinous act of terrorism, whatever its motivation, and the internationally and legally recognized struggle of peoples denied their fundamental right to self-determination.
 It should be noted that, in establishing a zone of separation, the current cease-fire agreement has the de facto effect of suspending action on the status of the "pink zones" until further progress is achieved within the framework of that agreement.
3.2 He fears being subjected to torture since he was a close collaborator of the former Minister, Mr. Mushahid Hussain Sayyed.
A. Calendar of conferences and meetings
Recognizing also that the challenges include violence perpetrated by organized criminal groups, including violence motivated by racism,
And she died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side
37. In the light of the forthcoming presidential elections in 2014, the Committee encourages the efforts of the State party to guarantee the right to vote of Bolivian migrant workers living abroad.
The Envoy was preparing to travel to meet with the Group of Friends of Western Sahara, to examine the possibility of a further round of informal negotiations.
1974–75 NBA season
For the next few weeks I shall be up the eyes in marking examination papers.
However, a number of speakers said that one should not become complacent as a result of the success stories.
C. Programme of work
Recommendation 17 The legislative/governing bodies should elect/appoint the audit/oversight committee members, the number of whom should vary between five and seven members with due regard to professional competency, geographical distribution and gender balance so as to represent the governing bodies' collective interests.
The Chair followed up on the letter he addressed to the Minister of Justice and learned that many inmates were still in provisional detention for much longer than legally allowed.
E-mail: irc@irc-online.org Membership: international
The federal Government underwrites most of the cost of preserving this system.
Any significant events which may affect the fitness and propriety/suitability of the corporation or of its officer/employee/agent to remain as an MPF intermediary.
An electronic performance appraisal system was being developed and training for the new system was planned.
 The Committee also considered the letter dated 12 March 1996 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly (A/50/891) and the letter dated 14 March from the President of the General Assembly to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/50/56).
If a definition was necessary, and it might not be the best option, a broader definition might be better, so that the party applying the draft articles might determine on a case-by-case basis the kind of hostilities that could have an effect on a given treaty.
The author initiated such proceedings and obtained a certificate of citizenship dated 9 February 2007 indicating that his citizenship had continued to exist without interruption.
The Panel notes that Cole was previously in the Guiglo-Bloléquin mercenary brigade headed by Solomon “Solo” Jalopo (see annex 2) in Côte d’Ivoire in 2011.
If your code passes the wrong element to the method, the code compiles fine, but might raise a runtime error or silently return no results.
The administration of the law is very important.
The functions of the Division include producing and disseminating print, broadcast, photo/video and electronic media information on the UNAMID mandate and its role in the peace process; providing support, where possible, to national and international media; conducting extensive community outreach programmes; producing and broadcasting radio programmes in Arabic, English and regional languages, where possible, in close cooperation with existing United Nations radio capacities in Darfur; issuing press releases and periodic publications in national languages; issuing and distributing pamphlets and leaflets; and supporting and guiding public information activities of the mission's substantive offices.
8 sets
Understanding of gender mainstreaming
Strategic positioning for development results
Note 11 to the financial statements provides a detailed analysis of the credits to the biennial support budget.
Incidents*
The meeting centred on the development of Chinese soccer in the coming decade.
Income, expenditure and changes in fund balances for the biennium ended 31 December 2011
In 2009, the Office for Foreign Affairs invited the Liechtenstein NGOs involved in human rights for a meeting, at which a dialogue on implementation of the recommendations of international human rights bodies and on human rights issues in general took place.
Teaching Language as Communication , H . G . Widdowson , Oxford University Press , 1978 , London and Edinburg.
Even though/ if he doesnt come, I shall not mind.
UNMIL provided advice based on assessment and subsequent determination of sufficient information with respect to 292 intelligence reports received by the Liberia National Police Crime Intelligence Unit, which resulted in 27 operational activities, including cordon and search, arrest and apprehension of offenders
A simple touch of holy Light to mend the wounds a battered knight.
And yet so pleasant for walking on the battlements.
In addition, one Materials and Assets (Field Service) is to be redeployed to the Fuel Unit.
(i) Seminar on training of judges organized in the framework of the Joint European Community/Council of Europe programme for Albania (Shkodra, Albania, 8–11 November 1994);
(a) To reduce methyl bromide consumption from 340.80 ODP-tonnes in 2004 as follows:
84. In accordance with the guidelines established by the General Assembly, the Special Committee was able during the year to reduce the number of its formal meetings and to minimize the wastage resulting from cancellation of scheduled meetings.
26. The Committee recommends that all present and future policies, laws and practices be reviewed in the light of their potential effects on women and that appropriate measures be taken to ensure that women are not disadvantaged.
She drew attention to the note by the Secretary-General on ICT governance in United Nations system organizations (A/67/119/Add.1), in which he indicated that organizations largely supported the Unit's analysis and conclusions and were implementing its recommendations.
Can you tell me where the hotel gym is?
Quite apart from the very large and unfair financial burden imposed, the political affairs within the United Nations system were highly destructive.
(e) Developments that could facilitate assessments of progress towards sustainable forest management and help streamline related reporting include the following: (i) a global understanding has emerged of what constitutes sustainable forest management, as reflected in the thematic areas of sustainable forest management that are common to all regional and international criteria and indicators processes; (ii) three criteria and indicators processes, together involving 84 countries, are now reporting on progress towards sustainable forest management in their region or eco-region; and (iii) criteria for sustainable forest management will be used as a framework for the FAO global forest resources assessment update 2005;
The first regular session of the Executive Board will take place from 16 to 18 January 2007 in Conference Room 2.
 One member emphasized the importance of training law enforcement officials, on which the views of the Committee were elaborated in its General Recommendation 13.
Some swimming pools have a grandstand for people to watch races.
There seems to be something wrong with the air conditioner.
(a) Working with the private sector to adopt global framework agreements that require sustainable development and sustainable forest management through private sector action and voluntary sustainable forestry certification schemes targeted to developing countries.
Chris Hadfield
Algeria, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Barbados, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, Maldives, Nepal, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Qatar, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, Spain, Syrian Arab Republic, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Tunisia, Turkey, Ukraine, Yemen.
No Power can indefinitely retain the monopoly, or even a significant advantage, on any aspect of the militarization of outer space.
l got a great idea. You want to come along?
Bush's presidency began with the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil and ends with the worst economic collapse in three generations
Medical
But the impact of Beijing's recent economic tightening measures needs to take effect before we can predict whether more action is needed.
it is constant, broad and persistent efforts that are needed to achieve all the fundamental humanitarian goals.
Article 46. Loss of the right to invoke responsibility
A. Update of the mandate for the Expert Group on International Economic and Social Classifications
The police officers handcuffed the author in a manner that prevented her from reducing the pain and blood flow from her nose or otherwise relieving her injuries.
 They prevented the return of President Aristide on 30 October 1993.
Figure II Peacekeeping budgets, 2004/05 to 2010/11
Chapter four studies the market admittance and retreating system in electronic certification.
On 15 September 2006, the Committee held its annual day of general discussion, on the theme "To speak, participate and decide: the child's right to be heard", based on article 12 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Widespread emigration is one of the most serious problems Armenia has been facing since the break-up of the USSR.
37. The global economic slowdown threatened to undo the progress made by developing countries towards achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals.
6. The labour market is characterized by the continuing predominance of the primary sector and agriculture, owing to the very low level of diversification of the economy.
Leo Gottlieb
ROMANIA (thousands of lei) Fiscal year: 2007
She was also surprised at the approach taken to the media -- control and even censorship -- to eliminate gender stereotypes, rather than working to achieve cultural change.
As you all know   today is yours truly's birthday.
Proposed guidance on policies and programme priorities, building on the results of previous work of the TEC, to be considered by the COP
280. The National Agricultural Advisory Service with the Ministry of Agriculture and Food implements activities under Measure 143 on Provision of Farm Advisory and Extension Services of the Rural Development Programme 2007-2013.
This year is no exception.
4 October 2011
49. Archives contain essential evidence for criminal accountability and non-judicial truth-seeking processes.
MAURITANIA
Faulty: Du Fu was one of the greatest poets.Revised: Du Fu was one of the greatest poets of the Tang Period.the Tang Period
Review by experts in an open and transparent manner of Platform reports;
The session was opened by the Chief of the Rule of Law, Equality and Non-Discrimination Branch of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on behalf of the High Commissioner.
International trade statistics
(d) Moral damage;
Funding for posts and activities will continue to come essentially from extrabudgetary resources, and the Global Compact will continue its policy of raising its funding from Member States and foundations, and not from private sector companies.
A barking dog is better than a sleeping lion.
4.5 In its decision, the District Court considered that an extremely high level of conflict existed between the author and her husband and that they were unable to cooperate on matters involving the children.
I told you when we first met I usually don't take no for an answer.
D. Agenda
While there may have been instances of delay prior that date, for the most part the Division has reviewed and approved the cases in an expeditious manner.
called a few days before the fair was due to open to finalize the arrangements.
Good fortune Phuchoa opens in other shore, I distantly in this shore.
The analytical and operational work would, among other things, highlight opportunities and challenges at the regional and global levels, strengthen Africa's negotiating skills and position in international trade and identify elements of competitiveness that will accelerate Africa's participation in international trade.
In Sierra Leone, the repatriation of refugees has come to an end.
Priority of a security right in a mass or product
6. As I described in paragraph 27 of my report of 30 August 2004, an agreement was reached between my Special Representative and the Government in order to ensure that movement of Government forces under the Plan of Action would neither conflict with the terms of the N'Djamena ceasefire agreement, nor increase the chances of clashes between those forces and Sudan Liberation Movement and Sudan Liberation Army (SLM/A) forces.
When I was visiting the US this summer, I went out to dinner several times with friends.
The second session of the Multi-year Expert Meeting on Commodities and Development was held in Geneva from 24 - 25 March 2010.
In some cases, the language of the medical professionals is that of the majority cultures and there is little consideration of the language challenges of the minority cultures.
Meanwhile , the Israelites had fled to their homes.
There is a permanent legal adviser at all headquarters at brigade level and above.
26 August 2010
The political and military commitment of the United Nations, the United States of America, Russia and the European Union has played a key role in this.
Employment growth in India had risen to 2.6 per cent between 1999 and 2005, outpacing population growth.
The Committee shall convene the initial meeting of the Subcommittee.
The information in the Atlas is organized in four main areas of interest, including information about oceans, from their origins to their current physiology, biology and climatology; and their uses, from food to shipping, mining, energy, etc.
88. The declaration by the ECOWAS Governments of the Moratorium and the measures adopted to implement it were important developments.
2. Notes with appreciation the increasing number of Member States seeking assistance in strengthening and consolidating the rule of law and the support provided to these States through the technical cooperation programme of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as outlined in the above-mentioned report of the Secretary-General;
Uh, I like your haircut.
Workshop on freshwater resources in sub-Saharan Africa
Being a remote client tool it can connect to remote databases without requiring you to catalog the remote databases in the local machine.
Now life is beginning again said the tree rejoicing in the sunshine and fresh air.
The bed is lowered by a fraction of a millimetre and a new layer of powder is spread and rolled.
Mourinho's starting selection was notable for Premiership debuts for Michael Ballack and Khalid Boulahrouz and also for the return of Petr Cech following his post - World Cup shoulder operation.
Anatoly Lazarevich Kolodkin
Effective date
l had the drop on them.
Effectiveness axiology can show the one side of exiguous sex labor theory of value can show the one side of opulent sex.
Otherwise, use air purifiers and natural aromatherapies to lift spirits and freshen the air. Color your world
UNDP
If we were allowed to go through our life without any obstacles, it would cripple us
Much of the information collected and collated for such reports may be useful in the preparation of States' reports to the treaty bodies.
You strong! Strong like ogre!
An additional analysis was performed taking into account the data submitted for 2008 - 2009 and for 2010 - 2011 in order to capture the trend towards reaching the targets set for these indicators.
Ukraine
284. The Charter requires the Secretary-General to implement the regulations established by the General Assembly on the administration of staff, and, as a consequence, the Secretary-General is also required to implement policies on human resources management as set out in Assembly resolutions.
For example, under Bahraini law, a rapist could escape punishment by marrying his victim.
I don't frighten easily.
In meeting them, I was reminded of the importance of our work here for the next generation, and of our collective responsibility to them to make progress on the issues before us.
Increased role and capacity of the delegations, vice-delegations and municipalities in participatory planning, budgeting and monitoring in order to provide basic services, reduce vulnerabilities and protect the population, including the local management of the return and resettlement process for internally displaced persons
Category Chronic 4:
Individual complaints (art. 22): Yes
In addition, many Governments in the region renewed their efforts to satisfy social needs that they had been postponing as they strove to maintain fiscal stability.
UN-Women
The independent expert regrets to report that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo has not undertaken any investigation following this attack.
11. The transboundary basins and aquifers link populations of different countries and support the incomes and livelihoods of hundreds of millions of people worldwide.
For example, the Regional Association of Oil, Gas and Biofuels Sector Companies in Latin American and the Caribbean indicated that, throughout Latin America, serious environmental problems persist from the unregulated oil extraction activities that took place for more than 40 years.
Carloman
Mgr(Application Support)1
The meeting will be moderated by Mr. Peter McPherson, President, Michigan State University, and Executive Committee Co-Chair, Partnership to Cut Hunger and Poverty in Africa.
If you take things from a shop without paying, you are sure to be caught.
But more than that dealing with nuclear proliferation is fundamental to the goal of nuclear disarmament.
She was very pretty when she was young and had many suitors.
Apportionment
16. Participants reiterated the need for sustained international support to the countries of the Sahelo-Saharan region based on their priorities and leadership.
68. Paraguay
Well, I tell you I will not drag my daughter before a tribunal, and give her up to the executioner!
It must be remembered that such protection, which presupposed ongoing dialogue between the warring parties, was becoming increasingly complex and dangerous owing to the effects of the political, legal and moral vacuum which Ms. Machel had denounced.
From the start, it had a big cast, with 101 different Smurfs, although just one was female
I would also like to mention the success of needle-exchange programmes and opiate substitution treatments in Spanish prisons, without significant security problems.
The Assembly's functions should be enhanced and expanded so that it is the main body to adopt international resolutions.
During the research firstly history and actuality of Sanlu Group has been analyzed.
There are many natural cycles and processes relating to the oceans and the unique life-support system of the earth depends on a balanced interplay of these cycles and processes.
Regulation 13. Decisions involving expenditures
An additional 7 per cent is formally part of Area B but is unavailable for development, as it was designated a nature reserve under the 1998 Wye River agreement.
Information regarding the situation in Lebanon demonstrated that an international instrument on cluster munitions was urgently required.
5.7 She notes that the constitutional complaint was admissible and thus, she exhausted domestic remedies.
* Projected amounts. Despite the financial crisis, special-purpose funds show a continually strong level of donor confidence in the programmatic direction of UNODC and its capacity to deliver technical cooperation activities, with income to special-purpose funds projected at a level of $564.1 million in 2014-2015, after a historic peak of $581 million in 2012-2013, reflecting an increase of $106.4 million (22.4 per cent) from 2010-2011.
Compared with the previous year, witnesses recorded an increase in the number of cases of humiliation, torture and degrading treatment inflicted on Palestinian detainees, especially after a recent decision of the Supreme Court confirming the legality of such practices under Israeli law.
Large and concentrated positions can distort the normal functioning of the markets and overwhelm the price discovery process.
(b) new science and technology developments that have potential benefits for the Convention, including those of special relevance to disease surveillance, diagnosis and mitigation;
The Committee agreed that payment plans can be a useful tool for reducing the unpaid assessed contributions of Member States.
B. Free trade in consultancy and
He arrived there, after a journey of twenty-seven days, on a cart, with a chain on his neck.
The General Assembly,
 In addition to the critical economic and social situation in Africa, there is the problem of the least developed countries.
(1) Date of entry into force of the Convention for the State party.
An agreement between Israel and Palestine would not only radically improve the lives of the peoples concerned, but would also provide the key to a more stable region and a more peaceful world.
Elderly Services (including health care services, computer skills training and concern visits)
It joined his other dominions of England Ireland and Scotland.
International Organization for the Right to Education and Freedom of Education
The Committee recommended that Argentina take all necessary steps to prevent acts of torture and ill-treatment, and in particular that it carry out prompt, impartial and exhaustive investigations; try and, where appropriate, convict perpetrators; impose appropriate sentences on them and properly compensate the victims.
Money can drive people into stealing, robbing and even murdering. Many people become criminals just because they were in search of much more money.
  Article 49Those who convert their farmland to forests are entitled to enjoy the preferential treatment in taxation according to the relevant provisions of the State, and the income obtained from special agricultural products after the farmland being converted to forests （grass） shall be exempted from special agricultural product tax according to the provisions of the State.
Undoubtedly, the maintenance of international peace and security can be better served through more effective use of preventive diplomacy.
Installation of ballistic partitions in the General Assembly hall and Council Chambers
Direct work in schools has increased, with a network of speakers being established so that volunteers may be able to deliver talks and workshops to more young people.
ATTENDANT: Yes. Are you traveling here
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Palestinian Authority
'Wealth is a means of life planning rather than a goal itself,' said one respondent.
Board the bus in an orderly fashion, please.
The total estimated cost of the work programme is summarized in the budget table below.
The notion that obscured quasars are the byproduct of galaxy mergers has been around for quite a while, adds astronomer Christopher Reynolds of the University of Maryland, College Park.
Mbéré
I'm gonna pick you up at the airport. What's your flight's arrival time
In order to maintain the independence, objectivity and effectiveness of resident auditors, OIOS endeavours to rotate the resident auditors among different missions as well as Headquarters at regular intervals.
He seemed to be himself aware that his question had no meaning.
Syrian women in the occupied Golan have been subjected to repeated waves of arrests and have been held in Israeli prisons.
Finally, a summary of the development approaches of aero - engines is given for each country.
JIU would ensure that such information reached those bodies.
48. Germany was encouraged by the broad support for its initiative for the inclusion of the crime of aggression in the statute, and would pursue its efforts in that direction.
Ms. Angela Kane
Robotics in China
I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word.
As the new millennium approached, the international community was duty-bound not to allow such tragic events to recur.
Sunny garden, Four Seasons warmth, water features, ling qi spring pulse Shun righteousness.
We all have to conquer some fears.
I would like to make a collect call to Tokyo, Japan.
ITU (Geneva)
No, you're not. you can't be.
Burundi
See Council resolution 2001/17.
Today, the reality is that, regardless of where they occur or whom they affect, all of them have ramifications on a global scale.
(j) Funds on deposit in interest-bearing bank accounts, certificates of deposit, time deposits and call accounts are shown in the statements of assets and liabilities as cash.
"4. Encourages the liaison group of the secretariats and officers of the relevant subsidiary bodies of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification and the Convention on Biological Diversity to invite the secretariat of the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer to join its ongoing work;
Mount Roe
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Report of the Secretary-General on the request of Nepal for United Nations assistance in support of its peace process (S/2009/1).
It has been recommended that the formula used in article 19, paragraph 5, of the Protocol on Precautionary Measures, namely, "the approval procedure for foreign judgements shall not be applied in complying with precautionary measures", be included in the text of the agreement with the United Kingdom.
Côte d'Ivoire
They are active participants at the meetings, conferences and consultations of NGOs and civil society organizations that take place prior to and in conjunction with FAO technical committees (particularly the Committee on Agriculture, the Committee on World Food Security and the Committee on Forestry).
(iii) the relevant provisions of Parts XI, XII and XIII; and
(i) Development and dissemination of knowledge assets on Ending Violence against Women in the form of electronic documents made available on a central knowledge portal to provide programming guidance and tools to end violence against women in 12 different programming areas: adolescents, campaigns, conflict/post-conflict, education, health, justice, legislation, men and boys, policy and budget cycles, prevention, safe cities, security);
Rapporteur: Ms. Elvina Jusufaj (Albania)
“Therefore, the world will be a more disorderly and dangerous place, ” Mandelbaum predicts.
Aware of the efforts of the Government of Anguilla to continue to develop the Territory as a viable offshore centre and well-regulated financial centre for investors, by enacting modern company and trust laws, as well as partnership and insurance legislation, and computerizing the company registry system,
 97. Another critical aspect is the transfer of technology and know-how from the laboratory and development stage to commercialization and subsequent diffusion.
The torrential rains in the month of April, give rise to the glorious flowers in the month of May.
The workers are all going on strike.
It is really easy, isn't itPlease try it by yourself!!
Target 2008-2009: 30 policy proposals
Some members of the Midgan and Yibir held important official posts under the Barre regime, and supported the regime in the civil war.
She could not help feeling the strangeness of her situation
It is reported that the meetings reinforce a culture of discipline, routine repayments and staff accountability.
 "Recalling also the further work by the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council on the issue of illicit payments, consideration of which helped call attention to and raise international awareness of the adverse consequences of bribery in international commercial transactions,
Activities of Youth for a United World and Week for Unity
I could have saved him, and--and-- well , you know how the town was wrought up--I hadn't the pluck to do it.
They asked to see further progress on the long-standing audit recommendations to ensure that all were acted upon.
Guided by the principles of the Charter of the United Nations affirming the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force, and recalling relevant Security Council resolutions, including resolutions 242 (1967) of 22 November 1967, 252 (1968) of 21 May 1968, 338 (1973) of 22 October 1973, 465 (1980) of 1 March 1980 and 497 (1981) of 17 December 1981,
In particular, article 7 of Decree-Law No. 25475 establishes that Peruvian citizens who advocate terrorist acts outside the territory of the Republic shall be punishable not only by imprisonment but also by the loss of Peruvian citizenship.
To cloak something, concentric rings of the metamaterial are placed around the object to be concealed.
In its advisory opinion on the legality of threat or use of nuclear weapons, the International Court of Justice had recognized that the members of the international community had an obligation to achieve nuclear disarmament.
With any big operation – whether it is the DB or an effort to measure GDP – one occasionally discovers conceptual flaws.
43. United Nations system activities to support women's engagement in peace processes have often focused on building rosters of women for consideration for mediation roles; supporting women's groups to coalesce around common peace agendas and to have observer status, as a minimum, at talks; building the capacity of women in civil society to make technical proposals relevant to various aspects of peace agreements; and supporting consultations between negotiators and women's groups.
(1) Subject to paragraph (2) of this article, any supplier or contractor that claims to have suffered, or that may suffer, loss or injury due to a breach of a duty imposed on the procuring entity by this Law may seek review in accordance with articles 43 to [47].
The Government has banned the practice since 1993, and as of December 1996 it detected a total of 570 illegal suppliers and filed charges against 21 of them.
7. After the first experiment, it was felt that, since United Nations meetings for which the use of remote interpretation could be contemplated are convened in many different locations, the feasibility and potential of remote interpretation in the United Nations context needed also to be assessed in circumstances requiring the use of satellite services.
Board of Trustees
Draft resolution on the International Year of Family Farming 2014 (A/C.2/66/L.20)
The Central Authority for Mutual Assistance in Criminal Law Matters
Subtotal
The President chooses his own cabinet ministers, of whom there are currently 18.
2.1 Final regulatory action (see Annex 2 for further details)
Informal informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled "National Institutions for the promotion of Human Rights" (under agenda item 69 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Germany)
10. We commit ourselves, here in Copenhagen, to this Declaration and Programme of Action for enhancing social development throughout the world into the new millennium.
 The vehicle stopped at the geographic coordinates of PB 120-450 south of Mehran, two kilometres south of border pillar 22/10.
Russia's Policy Evolution on Korean Peninsular and Its Position on Korean Nuclear Problem
The other large complements of staff are the police and defence forces which, combined, number more than 4,000 personnel.
I had learned that victories did not count for much.
As regards the Board's recommendation related to future members' contributions and benefits, the consulting actuary's report on the latest actuarial valuation provided precisely such information.
(d) The opening of 60 units for treating HIV/AIDS in public health centres and the increase in the number of screening and treatment centres for tuberculosis;
In fact, the progress that had been achieved had unfolded outside of the framework of the Convention. In fact, the Convention on Cluster Munitions had been conceived, prepared, negotiated and adopted and had come into force well before the States parties to the Convention had considered the most recent draft protocol presented by the Chairperson of the Group of Governmental Experts.
Maggie is a super - talented actress with many big hits.
Czech Republic
I should like to extend my thanks to the President of the General Assembly for holding this meeting on the global food and energy crises.
You took her side every time.
Symptoms of anaemia include tiredness, lack of stamina, breathlessness, headaches, insomnia, loss of appetite and pallor.
63. SBSTA 38 initiated the process of the development of the guidelines and agreed to continue this process at SBSTA 39 based on the elements of the general guidelines contained in document FCCC/SBSTA/2013/3/Add.2, without prejudging where these elements should be placed, in a draft decision or the draft guidelines.
Commission on the Status of Women
71. Moreover, two new protocols to the 1988 Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation and to its 1988 Protocol relating to Fixed Platforms Located on the Continental Shelf were adopted on 14 October 2005.
The presentations were organized in four sessions, each of which was followed by a question and answer (Q&A) session.
The donor cell and recipient cytoplasm are main factors in the nuclear transfer reprogramming.
Herbert:         I have a new Internet friend!
The house-price-to-income ratio and the land development multiplier are notoriously dependent on restrictions on land and housing markets, taking high values in places where land use is restricted or markets undeveloped.
Bed put a lot of the exercises.
Pakistan strongly feels that further bolstering investments, expanding trade by allowing greater market access to exports from Africa and building capacity and human resources are the most important tools to put Africa on the fast development track.
Today we are confronted by events that cast a shadow over humankind and the United Nations vision of peace.
 53. I should like to pay tribute to my Special Representative, Mr. Yasushi Akashi, to the outgoing Force Commander, General Jean Cot, and to the brave men and women of UNPROFOR for their remarkable courage and dedication in the performance of their duties.
'If we keep ignoring such acts, the place is going to turn into a lawless area, ' he said.
4th PLENARY MEETING
The capital investment costs for these vehicles is approximately $6.8 million, with an annual expenditure of almost $250,000 for spare parts.
What happened to the Petersen ad I put together?
Kingston, Jamaica
Technical assistance needs of the 12 parties that reported partial or no implementation of article 55
Background and general information
The meeting was a useful opportunity to engage parliamentarians in addition to Governments, civil society and national institutions.
 (c) Developing the human resources of Vanuatu;
Electoral assistance
That would enable space technology applications in developing countries to become truly operational and fully integrated into development activities.
this decision puts our lives at stake
 There being no objection, it is so decided.
For activities involving the liaison office in Geneva, a staff member (the liaison officer) from that office will also be included in planning and coordination activities.
Plastic mold, pipe , pipe fittings.
Among other regional economic initiatives discussed in the past year are the establishment of a mechanism for the resolution of trade disputes, free trade agreements with the European Union and a regional common currency.
(1 meeting)
I want a green salad for lunch. For supper, I want some meat.
Father came and went in a small fishing boat.
(b) the limitation contained in the clause "arising prior to 2 August 1990" was intended to leave unaffected the debts and obligations of Iraq which existed prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; and
20. It may well be that the pattern of security - related spending of the United Nations system will change after the expenditure figures from those organizations which have yet to provide data (as noted in paragraph 11 above) have been factored into the analysis.
oh...so that was you.
Higher education witnessed significant expansion during the period from 1990 to 2011.
We offer sale service charge.
Isklakken Hill
M
Südwind is also an active organizer in campaigns devoted to the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and has participated in fair trade initiatives in Austria.
Between 1967 and 1970 she set 15 world records, one at 200m, five at 400m, five at 800m, and four at 1,500m.
What is the impact of the development of LAWS on international security and stability, and on military doctrines?
Cast no out the foul water till you bring in the clean.
At 1250 hours, the United Arab Emirates tugboat Gulf Wrestler was subjected to provocation by Iranian armed men on board Iranian military patrol boats while proceeding from Basra port to Muhammarah port.
 However, where possible, that information has been included in an inventory of activities compiled by the Secretariat, which is before the Committee as a background document.
Rapporteur: Mr. Azanaw Tadesse Abreha (Ethiopia)
YES NO . If exported, then indicate destination and intent of export_
Convention No. 182
 (c) As might be expected from the above, the sectoral allocation of EBE more or less followed agency shares.
Women's Missionary Society of the African Methodist Episcopal Church
 It is in this context that we welcome the regional and international peace initiatives, particularly the efforts of former President Nyerere, which we fully support.
The National Police Support Unit, with UNMIL support, intervened to restore order.
Conference participants welcomed:
The density of Saturn is so low that if you were to put it in a giant glass of water it would float.
To encourage Hong Kong talents overseas to return to work in Hong Kong, Mr Tang will also take the opportunity to brief students in the University of Waterloo on the latest ICT development and opportunities in Hong Kong.
6.6.3.2 General design and construction requirements
18. Russia and the United States should commence negotiations on a new strategic arms reduction treaty aimed at reducing their deployments of strategic forces allowed under the Moscow Treaty on Strategic Offensive Reductions by at least half.
Bedlam cube
On 21 March 1999, the investigating magistrate of the First Chamber of the Court of Hussein Dey dismissed the case on the grounds that at that date, there was no known accused.
14. Provisional agenda and dates for the fifth session of the Committee.
"13. Recognizes the role of private capital flows in mobilizing financing for development, stresses the challenges posed by excessive short-term capital inflows to many developing countries, recognizes the necessary policy space for the adoption of macroprudential and capital control measures available to mitigate the impact of volatile capital flows, and requests the Secretary-General to take this into account in preparing his report on the implementation of the present resolution;
We encourage all nuclear-weapon countries to take concrete measures for the reduction and ultimate elimination of their arsenals.
This remains a long-term objective, as a number of incidents since the adoption of resolution 1701 (2006) demonstrated that weapons and hostile armed elements ready to use them were still present within the area of operations.
FIDIC
The Council began its consideration of the item and heard a briefing by Mr. Feltman.
81. An International Conference on Dialogue of Civilizations and Cultural Diversity was held from 2 to 4 June 2009 in Kairouan, Tunisia, on the initiative of the Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and the International Organization of the Francophonie with the support of the Government of Tunisia.
Nevertheless, if there is no unanimity among the contracting States or international organizations, there is nothing to prevent the author of the reservation from resubmitting its instrument of ratification and accompanying reservation to the competent organ of the organization once it is established.
The Committee calls upon the State party to consider the implementation of special measures with a view to accelerating the achievement of full and equal enjoyment of human rights by disadvantaged groups.
Elected Member of Parliament and Minister of State 1969 for Foreign Affairs, in the last Civilian Government
52. The three-week training programme is specifically designed to respond to the needs of developing countries.
Up with the Prime Minister! Vote Conservative!
month girl did not finish, a warm bunch of red on the excitement of her unforgettable memories.
7. Also at its thirty-first meeting, the Programme Coordinating Board discussed and arrived at decisions, recommendations and conclusions with regard to strategic investment.
It's not actually clear whether it was the party boss who decided that while the voice had to change, the cute exterior needed to remain.
299. For comments, see those in response to the Board's recommendation in paragraph 75.
 Non-intervention in International Law, Beijing, 1957. Nationalization, Beijing, 1978. Struggle of the Third World for a New Law of the Sea, Beijing, 1976. Investment Disputes and the 1965 Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States, Beijing, 1984.
Mr. Mohamed Noman Galal
Regarding your question, the Chinese Government's rejection of Coca- Cola's takeover of Huiyuan is an objective ruling based on the Anti-monopoly Law
Many indicated that cooperation between law enforcement authorities was formalized through bilateral or regional agreements, providing for the exchange of information on offences, offenders and proceeds of crime.
Sometime you need others help and encouragement.
2. Adopts the plan of action for the second phase (2010-2014) of the World Programme for Human Rights Education;
Insurance and banking businesses, for example, have clustered in London.
States parties emphasised that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea could not have the status of a nuclear-weapon State in accordance with the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in any case.
Most of the rejected recommendations did not enjoy the State's support since they were of a clearly political nature.
International environmental governance.
C. Teaching
A. She is a slim girl, while her boyfriend is well-built.
Variance analysis Appropriations
Still, it is hard to blame investors for not plowing all their cash into stocks.
Article 14 Automobile suppliers and distributors should clarify the rights and duties of both sides by signing a written contract
IV.
39 For further details concerning the incident, see for example, UNHCR press releases available at www.unhcr.ch.
Because the benefits are so significant, public policy should encourage international study.
Our body needs a small amount of salt to maintain our water balance and help our muscles to contract.
∙ describe the tools that are available to assist in efficient project management
WHO continued to promote increased awareness of mental health issues and provided psychiatric drugs and training to relevant partners.
If they are negative, or untested, they might resent you keeping it to yourself, adding unnecessary worry about any risk of infection they might have been in.
Report of the Secretary-General
Above 100 km, only 0.00003 per cent of the atmosphere remains.
B. Supply-side constraints and policy options
Sportspeople from Aberdeen
ILO: International Labour Organization
Faced with similar global economic challenges in the past, the world was slow to act, and people paid an enormous price, said Mr. Obama.
Military Ordinariate of Austria
27. The Committee continued its cooperation with United Nations specialized agencies, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations.
ECE will share lessons learned with other regional commissions.
31. The Committee observes with concern the possible adverse impact that the free trade agreements may have on the living and working conditions of Guatemalan women.
Partnerships
States Parties in a position to do so will:
Even women who don't smoke can get lung cancer, and women who do smoke are more prone to chronic bronchitis than men.
You need a search warrant  before you can come in here.
Feng Baiju
(c) To submit their reports to the Committee in a regular and timely manner;
(a) Excluded from decision-making and discussions related to a defined area of work;
In the course of the session, the Board held four plenary meetings, the 1,099th to the 1,102nd.
It is now 24 months since I addressed my first Governing Council as Executive Director when I announced plans to shape UNEP's reform agenda.
Indeed, no more than one in ten children with TB is diagnosed by sputum microscopy.
Programming language comparisons
During 2002, 2 more of the original 15 prisoners were released (although 1, Antonio Camacho Negrón, was rearrested in August 2006 by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)).
Sixty-third session
Distr.
Throughout the Old Testament God reveals to us how He felt toward the unfaithfulness of His people.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Angola, at her request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
(c) Cooperation between the United Nations and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations: draft resolution (A/61/L.13)
Plans and proposed actions
(iii) Resource allocation and management
76. While the election held in December for the new Council of Representatives was the third national electoral event during the past year, it was the first election in which all Iraqi constituencies participated in large numbers as candidates and voters.
But right now Fernando is barely recognisable as that Liverpool legend of old in the making.
Together, we must bring about respect and harmonious and peaceful complementarity among our nations and communities.
The Committee again stressed the importance of extending maternity protection through social security to all women workers covered by the Convention.
9.3 The author disputes that state authorship of textbooks is a better safeguard for "political and religious neutrality" than if the authorship was granted to citizens.
It recommends that the State party expand its current awareness-raising efforts and training activities to a wider range of stakeholders, including leaders of political parties, senior managers in the private sector and boards of trustees of foundations under public law.
Challenges with regard to standardization and specific challenges with regard to availability, costs and technology transfer of alternatives in the air conditioning sector and high ambient temperature regions were also identified.
However, there is a growing risk of pollution and environmental degradation of the coastal and marine environments from the rapidly expanding maritime industry, tourism, recreation, and oil exploration activities, thus endangering the coastal and marine habitats and their rich biodiversity.
Although the Afghan National Army is now slightly behind with regard to its desired growth plan, it is anticipated that recent recruiting success and new pay raises aimed at improving retention will soon place army growth back on track.
The PRESIDENT: I declare open the 836th plenary meeting of the Conference on Disarmament.
One - child fee divided into one - child parents incentive fees and only - child family payments.
Seriously? that's the best you guys can do?
Well, we have a problem, and we need some help.
Ten resident representatives/resident coordinators have been included in an expanded Executive Committee on change to ensure that the field perspective is fully captured in discussions and decision-making on change.
The scope of application of IFRS in the countries included in the case studies varies from one country to another.
Stanford University will bar(1) physicians(2) working at its two hospitals from accepting even the tiniest gifts from drug industry sales representatives to try to eliminate(3) corporate influence from medical decisions, the school announced Tuesday.
The regulation should provide that, if the grantor is a natural person:
To address the imbalance in the geographical distribution of the staff of OHCHR, a report with proposed measures was presented by the Secretary-General, as requested by the General Assembly in resolution 61/244.
The funny story drew him into it.
The number of reports that are overdue thus continues to be a cause for serious concern.
Reserve company module
Festuca cinerea ' glauca'
8. At the same time, there were delays or setbacks in the implementation of all standards, with the exception of property rights and KPC.
Article 27: Work and employment :: Government believes that enabling disabled people to get and retain a job is key to achieving independent living and full participation in society.
A trailing tail is normal for the dog when in repose.
We are expecting another surge in prices across the region (currently at it highest level in 25 years).
3. The rules of procedure of the Committee shall apply as far as possible to the meetings of its working groups.
 We urge the United Nations humanitarian agencies to cooperate with the Department and to accept its leadership in coordinating responses to complex emergencies.
For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, NOT even in your dream.
(Agenda item 3)
Seminars for procurators and judges are organized by the office of the procurator-general and the Supreme Court.
II. Recommendations as published in the report of the Working Group, A/HRC/WG.6/9/L.10
The old tramp shambled up to me.
8. Calls upon the parties themselves, with the support of the Quartet and other interested parties, to exert all efforts necessary to halt the deterioration of the situation, to reverse all unilateral and unlawful measures taken on the ground since 28 September 2000, to take every possible step to promote conditions conducive to the success of peace negotiations and to refrain from actions that undermine trust or prejudge final status issues;
Eve at Spring Festival are not even wrong.
107. The maternal mortality rate is very high owing to a lack of time and resources to ensure adequate care during pregnancy and childbirth.
The PRESIDENT: I have great pleasure in welcoming the Prime Minister of Canada, The Right Honourable Kim Campbell, and inviting her to address the General Assembly.
ABB is a leading supplier of industrial robots, modular manufacturing systems and service.
Absaroka Range
Surpluses applied to assessments
The non-governmental organization Oceans Beyond Piracy has estimated that, in 2012, $63.5 million was spent to cover the costs of ransom delivery, vessel damage from time in captivity and the fees of negotiators, consultants and attorneys, as well as the ransoms.
In practice, pyrotechnics prepared in this way have the advantage of high combustion precision.
FTS organized a regional workshop on the implementation of Article 6 of the Convention in Latin America and the Caribbean and made reports on the three regional workshops held to date available for consideration by the SBI at its thirty-third session for the intermediate review of progress in the implementation of the amended New Delhi work programme.
Although over 90 per cent of all inflows into developed countries originated in other developed countries, investments by developed country TNCs are increasing in scale and scope (see section II).
On the whole, this paper follows normal discussion pattern that's from generality to speciality, from macroscopic to microscopic.
E.C. Number - 650 - 013 - 00 - 6
(c) The building of a database maintained by WHO and its application to disseminate core-health indicators using a variety of customized tables, graphs and maps.
the people in the car were all up and crowding about the door
:: Facilitation of 4 planning workshops convened by the Libyan authorities with the participation of international partners and the United Nations country team
3. As noted in the report (A/61/730, para. 17), the health insurance protection offered under the United Nations plans was comparable to that offered by other large employers and government entities.
National Astronomical Observatory of China
It is the underlying cause of reduced life expectancy, handicap, disability and starvation.
Every year, the Secretary-General is requested to prepare a report on measures taken to implement the ministerial declaration, but the time frame between the adoption of the declaration and the preparation of the report is too short to assess recommendations in a meaningful way.
Awareness-raising campaigns sought to change the image of women in the media, while education systems and curricula were being reformed to change society's views on discrimination against women and instil in individuals a sense of responsibility towards them.
In order to facilitate judicial cooperation, national definitions of terrorist activity should be as close to one another as possible.
Attendance at Davos can be patchy: the heads of technology companies, including Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Google, can be found there, for instance, but fewer leaders of big media groups attend
Carlos, that's the doctor. I'm right here.
23. The provisions of the new Penal Code relating to freedom of expression were examined by the Office in terms of their compliance with human rights standards.
Each row or column can be assigned a security label that stores information about the classification, or sensitivity, of the data.
That will be delightful, she said, and clapped her little hands for joy.
On the basis of the rigid viscoplastic FEM theory, a surface defect prediction method for the plastic forming process by FEM numerical simulation has been thoroughly studied.
Due the below-target level of core contributions in 2002, UNCDF was obliged to reduce its core expenditures significantly in 2003 and align target programme expenditures with actual resources available.
I can survive, if only I dare.
Boom goes the dynamite.
UNHCR payroll
Taking note of the opinions expressed by Member States and relevant international organizations on the effects of the use of armaments and ammunitions containing depleted uranium, as reflected in the reports submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to resolutions 62/30, 63/54 and 65/55,
Government funds are limited and come with complicated eligibility requirements and a lot of confusing paperwork.
 Australia has consistently emphasized the importance it attaches to improving the effectiveness of United Nations efforts in the coordination of humanitarian assistance.
There are few farms, only small stores, and in the winter the power is frequently off in a snow storm and it becomes very hard to travel.
He claims to have reported to the police station in Timisoara on 21 May 1998 and then to have been transferred back to Vulja in order to be interrogated.
181. The Republic of Korea reported that it had also been conducting bottom fisheries in the south-west Atlantic and, in accordance with resolution 61/105, it had initiated discussion with relevant countries for the adoption of proper conservation and management regime for the area.
(b) Also requesting the Secretary-General to ensure that MINUSMA and the United Nations Children's Fund strengthen their efforts to further support, in line with their respective mandates, the Malian authorities in mainstreaming the specific needs of children affected by the armed conflict and the protection of their rights in all disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes and security sector reform, in establishing a joint mechanism for the review of cases of children detained on charges related to the armed conflict and association with armed groups, in conducting a screening and age verification of the Malian defence and security forces and in establishing recruitment procedures and age verification measures to prevent underage recruitment;
With respect to recommendations addressed to governing bodies, it should be noted that, in most instances, the governing bodies, after having considered the reports, "take note" of the recommendations without explicitly endorsing or rejecting them.
The farm using gear box is Euporean, American and Africa's main agricultural machines.
The language lab will help you (to) improve your listening ability.
C. Raising human rights awareness among public officials and other professionals 176 - 206 55
" - To persons who, prior to entering the territory of the Republic of Azerbaijan, have committed outside its borders a grave or particularly grave crime of a non-political nature;
The full implementation of AFTZ will lead to solid trade cooperation and accelerate economic development in the ESCWA region as a whole.
15:00 269th meeting (closed) Conference Room 8
A survey was carried out by the UNCTAD secretariat and written contributions were provided by the Governments of Ecuador, Germany, Indonesia, the Netherlands, Pakistan, South Africa and Ukraine.
Article 4 - Release from arrest
Determination of the Council's agenda depends to a large extent on the positions and priorities of the permanent members and major powers.
53. During the reporting period, there were spikes in incidents of sexual violence following armed clashes between the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) and various armed movements.
Supreme State Prosecuting Authority proceeds before Supreme Court of Montenegro, Appellate Court of Montenegro, Administrative Court of Montenegro, other courts and other state authorities, and as required in the law.
The Committee urges States parties to adopt corrective measures consistent with their obligations under the Covenant and implement these recommendations.
(c) A third group, consisting of two inspectors, left the Canal Hotel at 0800 hours and travelled to Mu`tasim airfield, which comes under the Ministry of Defence.
Department of Public Information
The use of special means of restraint was duly recorded and was proportional to the gravity of the breaches committed by the author.
12. Notes the efforts of the French authorities to resolve the question of voter registration by adopting, in the French Congress of Parliament, on 19 February 2007, amendments to the French Constitution allowing New Caledonia to restrict eligibility to vote in local polls to those voters registered on the 1998 electoral rolls when the Nouméa Accord was signed, thus ensuring strong representation of the Kanak population;
Two, team effectiveness are main affected by moral leadership, benevolent leadership and charming into influence.
Villanueva de la Serena
I. Introduction
Goodness knows  I've tried hard.
This also divides the West Bank territory.
China's leviathan brawl over a single fishing boat captain over the last few days is a territorial issue: China's red line.
It revealed that $7.2 million had been allocated to 186 projects for victims in 68 countries, while requests had amounted to over $13 million.
The Prevention of Discrimination Act of 1997 prescribes equal pay for work of equal value.
We will arrange for the seeds to be shipped in two parcels by airmail in accordance with your instructions.
1 Telecommunications lost income – USD 264,993,109
General and complete disarmament: observance of
He was hurt when his ankle buckled late in a scrimmage Friday.
Martin drank with them, and began to feel really human once more.
“Each one of us has a unique pattern of gains and losses of complete sections of DNA,” said Dr Hurles, “and one of the real surprises of these results was just how much of our DNA varies in copy number.”
I. Introduction
Several hundred villages containing around 50 000 homes have been burnt down.
I have a slight fever.
Add realize goods, browse the goods, to locate the goods, modify the goods, cargo delete function.
And Claudia took us To the rehearsal space for the drama club And she started to go on and on About what a lovely singing voice I had in church choir.
Component 2: military
As a result of the expansion in commercial activity, the number of staff was increased at both Tromsø Satellite Station and Andøya Rocket Range in 1995.
106. The Executive Board took note of the report on implementation of decisions and recommendations of the Programme Coordinating Board of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (DP/2014/24 DP/FPA/2014/16 and Corr.1).
Thus it can provide a new technical means for increasing salt field production capacity.
A: Playing soccer is my favorite.
Saudi Arabia made one recommendation.
1. The author of the communication is L.N.P., an Argentine citizen born in 1988, who claims to be the victim of violations by Argentina of the rights recognized in article 2; article 3; article 7; article 14, paragraphs 1 and 5; article 17; article 24; and article 26 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
In addition it offers new facilities for storing genetic variability.
O 2, also on Twitter, tried to clarify the situation and diffuse the unrest.
P-3
He is an active participant in the civil rights movement.
The security and well-being of trafficked persons, which may be facilitated by the reflection and recovery period, is an essential prerequisite for trafficked persons in seeking compensation.
Waldzell
The rupee is weak, investors are nervous and business folk are livid about red tape.
The position of the Committee has always been that matters pertaining to the delineation of boundaries between the two sides belonged in the permanent status negotiations.
24. Welcomes the decision by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the African Union, at its eighteenth ordinary session, on 29 and 30 January 2012, to strengthen intra-African trade, which plays an important role in promoting economic growth and development, and calls upon the United Nations system and development partners to support the efforts of African countries, the African Union and regional economic communities to enhance intra-African trade;
Laws on the media and on the Commission for the Implementation of the Constitution were adopted by the National Assembly by a two-thirds majority, following presidential vetoes.
General indicators showed that the situation of women in employment had improved since 1990.
General Assembly
The Committee further notes that, with regard to the request pertaining to the Special Rapporteur contained in paragraph 32 (b) of the resolution, the related requirements are considered to be of a perennial nature. As such, a provision of an estimated $70,200 per annum to implement the activities of the Special Rapporteur has been made under section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013.
(j) Technology and Economic Assessment Panel Champion Awards, in recognition of extraordinary service to the Parties to the Montreal Protocol and the global effort to protect the ozone layer.
A camera, whose optical direction is adjusted to be perpendicular to the ceiling, is fixed on the mobile robot.
A United Nations study, which estimated that an increase of 1 per cent in absenteeism is equivalent to the same increase in salary costs, underscores the need to enforce existing rules and regulations on sick leave (especially uncertified sick leave) and other leave entitlements.
98. UNICEF stated that the headquarters emergency preparedness and response plans should take these issues into account.
Despite the numbers of people dying or being injured from dodgy products, the commission said moving to a safety system already in place in Britain and Europe would be too costly and not provide enough benefits.
Re-emphasizing that, in the Salvador Declaration on Comprehensive Strategies for Global Challenges: Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Systems and Their Development in a Changing World, Member States recognized that an effective, fair and humane criminal justice system was based on the commitment to uphold the protection of human rights in the administration of justice and the prevention and control of crime and acknowledged the value and impact of the United Nations standards and norms in designing and implementing national crime prevention and criminal justice policies, laws, procedures and programmes,
Refugees, numbering 5,000 of the total refugee population, live in camps in Bengo and Luanda Province (Boa Esperança and Viana).
Heightened safety and security concerns worldwide are compelling a re-evaluation of outsourcing arrangements involving the regular presence within the United Nations premises and offices of large numbers of contractor personnel.
7.10 Local Council Elections
She extended special recognition to the men in the Executive Board, who had played a special role. In doing so, she cited the important contribution of John Gana (Nigeria) to the work of the Board.
It included access to services, evaluating young people's health behaviours, especially with regard to HIV, and developing recommendations to improve young people's health and development.
7. Noam Bahat was arrested by the military on 10 December 2002 for non-compliance with an order to be inducted into the IDF.
The Advisory Committee is of the opinion that the functions should be provided from existing capacity in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, in coordination with the Department of Public Information, and recommends against its acceptance.
The biennial support budget, summarized in table 3, relates the functions to the management results of the strategic plan.
The component on the rule of law, governance and human rights reflects support to Sudanese national authorities to strengthen and reform the judicial and prison systems, including through strengthening customary law to ensure compliance with international standards.
 With regard to the proposed structure of the administrative services of UNMIBH, the Advisory Committee refers to its observations and recommendations in paragraphs 23 and 24 above.
The Cairo stock exchange, which had been down by around 15 per cent at the end of August as compared with its level at the beginning of the year, ended the year with a loss of over 40 per cent.
This situation will have to be examined by the new legislature that will take office in January 2008.
At political level
(i) Hydraulic presses may be employed in bending and partly crushing weapons.
He always has hysterics at the sight of blood.
The panel discussion engaged the delegations actively and enriched the deliberations in the subsequent meeting on development.
S/2010/264
It appreciated that Gabon requires further time to implement the recommendations made by the Working Group and noted that further analysis may be carried out in the future.
Last year we announced that we would join the Mine Ban Treaty.
Moreover, Santa Fe offers no explanation as to why it has not previously invoiced KDC for the balance claimed.
This morning we heard the representative of Belgium deliver a statement on behalf of the European Union and associated countries, including Malta.
The Working Group also noted that it would be made clear in the next redraft that the obligation to pay promptly followed the decision to pay, without affecting the time allowed under article 16 (2) for examining the demand and deciding whether to pay.
Obviously Americans have their own craze about child psychology.
The Cotonou Agreement, signed in June 2000, which replaced it, merged Stabex and Sysmin resources in a special account, to be used by individual countries, aimed at offsetting both agricultural and mineral export-earning shortfalls.
SIGNED this . day of . 2005 at Vienna.
(b) Be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Tel : 2170 9630
B. Budgetary implications
Burden of proof is a disadvantage consequence of litigant claiming for the fact.
Moreover, it highlights the international nature of the Convention's provisions and thus fosters participation to the Convention by an even larger number of States.
We reiterate our support for the implementation of an effective follow-up mechanism that will ensure the full implementation of the Programme of Action.
Earlier reports from state media said the landslide killed one worker and injured another.
Section VI Article 8
At the beginning of this thesis the background and significance of research on the theory of least uncertainty estimation are stated and the content of the research is introduced.
Right, and I have here a fig, so you can eat!
Most coasters are steel which makes them faster and smoother than wooden ones.
Yet, development assistance alone could not generate sustainable development.
The authorities at a level above detention facilities make regular or ad-hoc inspections of detention facilities. The police monitoring bodies in the public security organs conduct on-site inspections of detention facilities. The procuratorial organs may visit prisons, prison cells, interrogation rooms and meeting rooms in an attempt to find out for themselves whether acts of torture or ill-treatment are taking place in detention facilities.
(b) The relationship between poverty, extreme poverty and human rights in a globalized world;
However, this article was abolished on 1 January 1991, and the author was tried after 1 January 1991.
1. From the start of the effective implementation of the ceasefire, the members of the Palipehutu-FNL shall enjoy provisional immunity.
the retention or destruction of documents at Headquarters and in the Field.
Chile noted the National Human Development Plan.
Mr. Rochester looks as young, and is as young, as some men at five-and-twenty.
18. Notes that topics that were not central at the first and second phases of the World Summit in 2003 and 2005 continue to emerge, such as the potential of information and communications technologies to combat climate change, social networking, virtualization and cloud computing, the protection of online privacy and the empowerment and protection, especially against cyberexploitation and abuse, of vulnerable groups of society, in particular children and young people;
In addition, it provides a brief introduction to the legislation and regulation of tax collection and management and thee-commerce development present situation.
Special emphasis is placed on learning and on transferring new knowledge, skills and technologies.
Fifth Meeting
BTCC
Article 23 The People's Bank of China shall manage the State treasury in accordance with laws and administrative rules and regulations.
7. Minister of Justice.
B. Health
This was exercised through adoption into the family, but required public formalities and was exceptional.
Within the English-speaking Caribbean, The Bahamas comes second only to Barbados, which ranked 47 with a score of 0.793 for 2011.
Purchase orders older than 12 months included in unliquidated obligations
Maria: Yes. I've kayaked on the Colorado River, and I've camped in Rocky Mountains many times.
During this reporting period, the Government of Canada launched a comprehensive science and technology review to examine the challenges facing science and technology in Canada, and the opportunities for federal action.
14. Oman provided quantitative indicators of the advances made in the last four decades in the areas of education, health services, average life expectancy and average infant mortality.
In respect of programme support costs resources, the net decrease of $496,000 from
Only one parent may remain home at a time.
This benchmark, however, should not distract attention from the gender-equitable allocation of all resources.
Similarly, the disproportionate targeting of ethnic minorities for stops and document checks in the Moscow metro system has proved to be ineffective in detecting and preventing serious crime.
Kenya
The promotion of South-South cooperation is not articulated as an explicit objective or strategy in many United Nations development assistance frameworks.
Fu said China does not hold so much offshore engineering power as the United States and the nation's priority has always been prevention.
It has not been possible to determine, at this stage, whether the helicopter crashed as a result of hostile fire or whether the helicopter crashed due to a technical failure.
Shanghai has scarcely been a goldmine for investors.
[L. Article 3, paragraph 9 bis
In the paper , we have introduced the acquisition and processing method of three component seismic survey.
(i) Maintaining contacts with non-governmental organizations and academic institutions throughout the world; organizing working groups, meetings of experts, and symposia on population issues; and participating in seminars and professional meetings relating to the mandate of the Division.
Put off the meeting till Saturday.
56. During the reporting period, an evaluation of the Institute's work was undertaken on behalf of the Institute's major funders.
He claimed that, if he did not say what the police officers wanted, he was beaten and compelled to stand in uncomfortable positions, although they never left any marks on his body.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
The culture of peace, which values dialogue, equality and respect of the dignity of all human beings, especially women, is the most effective way towards democracy, tolerance and international peace.
A contractor came to the camp to sign up men to pick fruit in another county. When the Okies asked to see his license, the contractor turned the leaders over to a police deputy who had accompanied him to camp.
She said that teacher training was a key aspect of efforts to improve quality in education.
35. Briefing by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
He speaks English too.
What's your job in your country?
In a word. the spirit of the whole country may be described as - self - reliance and arduous struggle.
6. UNDP administers the United Nations Volunteers programme, which supports sustainable human development globally through the promotion of volunteerism.
Ambassador
Organizational session for 2010
I can not ensure that she will be chosen as May Queen.
The penalty is increased by up to 10 to 20 years if the offence results in suicide or death of the victim.
Article 10 The term of validity of the coal production license shall be the same as the production and service period of the coal enterprise.
The Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism, H.E. Mr. Neven Jurica (Croatia), and the Executive Director of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate, Mr. Mike Smith, will give an informal briefing on recent developments in the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee and CTED on Thursday, 6 November 2008, at 11.30 a.m. in Conference Room 4, to interested Member States.
Hold on.Grab my hand.
It might be to a platoon of identical hardware, or every host might be different.
Packard, who died two years ago at 83, wrestled with3 managing the day-to-day4 operation.
We, no, me, who dream of travel.
Such conventions were effective when applicable between consensual contracting parties and the Commission should minimize impediments to their application.
Registration Work of Foreign Invested Enterprises
13. The secretariat of the Special Initiative has initiated action at the national level to analyse the potential and impact of the Special Initiative with a view to enhancing United Nations system support for national development priorities in measurable terms.
It is most effective at bedtime and in the morning.
Peggy:  We need a lot of things this week
In January 2003, I made it an urgent priority of my presidency to see the successful completion of the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group.
Exchange of instruments of ratification on 6 October 1994.
The secretariat should also develop guidelines for Trade Points to follow in preparing proposals to the local offices of donor agencies.
However, the communicative method utilized by both sides are still thoughtful to today's intercultural communication.
83. One State referred to a European Union initiative that included a seminar on the prevention and identification of the radicalization of young people, which had resulted in recommendations for involving civil society, the private sector, teachers and others in addressing the problem.
Meeting of the Group of Interested States of the Special Court for Sierra Leone: Briefing by the Acting Prosecutor and the Registrar of the Special Court
It recommends that the present concluding observations be disseminated in an appropriate form at the local community level to enable their implementation.
(c) The dollar exchange rate available for purchasing those currencies.
When Chris moved out, the plan had been that they would remain a couple, but in the end this didn't work out.
[18 May 2001]
We've got a lot of thruster activity here.
Lightman leading up to the season finale, and how do you see it changing or affecting the dynamic within the rest of the group?
1323: An increase of $25,000 in the approved 2004 allocation for the organization of the meetings of the assessment panels is proposed to cover the additional meetings of the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee unforeseen during preparations for the Fifteenth Meeting of the Parties.
60. Ms. Hole (Norway) said that the delegation of Norway had found the discussion of the report most interesting because it revealed how Norway looked through other eyes.
Every bond you break,
The child, with the bird-like motion which was one of her characteristics, flew to him, and clasped her arms about his knees.
His delegation wished to know how, in the opinion of the High Commissioner, States should deal with that problem and what assistance could be provided to them by United Nations agencies.
The theme of the Second Decade is "Partnership for action and dignity".
Impunity is not tolerated for violations of human rights law and international humanitarian law, and that such violations are investigated and appropriately sanctioned, including by bringing the perpetrators of any crimes to justice, through domestic mechanisms or, where appropriate, regional or international mechanisms, in accordance with international standards of fairness and due process of law;
I hope it hasn't been to much trouble.
On the opposite bank, the hare again carried the tortoise and they reached the finishing line together.
The outcome should reflect progress made, lessons learned, obstacles identified and constraints encountered in implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
The distinguishing characters seem to be only a matter of degree, and the variation pattern should be studied in the field.
15. Thanks to modern irrigation, crops now grow abundantly in areasswheresonce nothing but cacti and sagebrush could live.
National Human Rights Commission chairman Marzuki Darusman said that independent inquiries put the death toll at 20.
Capacity development needs remain significant.
HR Committee
Geologic formations of China
With regard to the question of nationality, she said that the 2005 census had confirmed that more than 1 million people had no identity documents.
The Special Rapporteur observed that there had been no serious objections to article 20.
The volatility and uncertainty associated with the overall transition process will continue to affect the Mission's ability to engage with its counterparts, especially at the provincial level (ibid., para. 28).
On the basis of upcoming consultations, ICRC and Switzerland would propose options and recommendations for consideration by the 2015 Conference.
224. Malignant neoplasms constitute one of the most widespread pathologies among women in Armenia.
Attorneys in the industry said regulators or minority shareholders could challenge the buyout then.
 The Statistical Institute for Asia and the Pacific (SIAP) is planning to hold at least one training course in specific support of SNA implementation in its current phase, ending March 1995.
:: Exonyms
(14) While acknowledging the efforts made by the State party to build a new State prison, the Committee expresses its concern over ongoing prison overcrowding and poor prison conditions as well as the high rate of incarceration in the State party.
After watching her a little Fitzwilliam asked her why she was so thoughtful.
The past decade has seen strides in banking deregulation and the privatization of State-owned businesses.
Mr. Chaudhry (Pakistan): My delegation is taking the floor to place on record its position on the draft resolution adopted on item 127, "Human resources management", as contained in document A/58/750.
They don't see pleasure in learning English.
Extrabudgetary resources:
Such offers from RESAP members will allow the Drought Mechanism to begin offering services to identify high-risk drought-prone areas and thus have a positive impact on the issues of food security and poverty in many at-risk agrarian countries in the region.
These countries did not so much export less after they revalued as export different, more expensive things.
Generative teaching is a kind of new concept emerged in the course of curriculum reform currently.
Mediterranean Council for Burns and Fire Disasters
At present, it is not yet possible to provide information on exports of chemicals listed in Annexes A and B from the reports which have been submitted.
[on the report of the First Committee (A/66/412)]
This would partly address the regulatory lacunae revealed by successive scandals at the NYSE.
Recognizing also that multilateral mechanisms have a unique role to play in meeting the challenges and opportunities presented by globalization,
It pauses, overcome by shyness, like my grandchild at the door, peeping in, ducking out of sight, giggling in the hallway.
Student Enrolment in Education by level and sex 1992-2002
It is time for the west to practice what it preaches about the value of market incentives
Finally it suggests that the beam subjected to secondary loading should avoid excessive deformation for the practical application.
The details of these cases are set out in paragraphs 291 to 299 below.
A national programme for immunity (EPI, expanded programme of immunization), whose goals are:
In 2012, a woman was elected to head the Agricultural Engineers Union.
A significant equity-price correction could, in fact, be the force that in 2013 tips the US economy into outright contraction.
But not in the same things as your husband.
Avoid defining custom exception classes.
In 2011, the CCR issued a report with specific recommendations relating to the legislative framework and practice on children with special needs which she submitted to the MOEC and the Parliamentary Committee on Education.
In determining financial provisions or property adjustment the court, according to section 29(1) (g) of the Matrimonial Causes Act, Ch. 125, is under a duty to consider a number of matters including the contribution made by each of the parties to the welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the home or caring for the family.
 One of the greatest lessons to be learnt from the experiences and setbacks of recent years is that Security Council members must, if they wish to preserve its credibility, demonstrate their determination to enforce their decisions, once taken.
 As much of the programme was still in the planning stage and few national programmes had been initiated, it was, however, considered premature to discuss in detail a calendar of events for 1995.
These programs were presented to representatives from Azerbaijan, Armenia, Bangladesh, Chile, Cote d'Ivoire, Cyprus, Djibouti, El Salvador, Egypt, Georgia, Guatemala, Guyana, India, Indonesia, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Malaysia, Maldives, Morocco, Nepal, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Russia, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Thailand, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Uzbekistan.
12. At the 201st meeting, on 9 March 2000, the representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya called upon the host country to facilitate travel.
Naturally, narrow nationalism may arise among the minority nationalities, that also is to be opposed.
He has plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts, burnt our towns, and destroyed the lives of our people
The author claims that her son is a victim of violations by Belarus of his rights under articles 6 (paras. 1 and 2), 7, 9 (para. 3), and 14, (paras. 1, 2 and 3 (b), (d) and (g)), of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
G. Interaction of the Commission with other bodies
86. The efforts undertaken to improve the strategic framework and the peacekeeping budgets will contribute to better reporting, as the logical frameworks established therein constitute the basis for reporting.
Mr. Kaddoumi (Palestine): I have the honour today to address the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session during the consideration of the agenda item entitled "Question of Palestine".
The UNFPA lease for its headquarters premises at the Daily News building expires on 31 December 2010.
49. At the same meeting, the Chief of the Demographic and Social Statistics Branch of the United Nations Statistics Division made concluding remarks.
But do you have to suffer?
The law addresses many areas, including consultation, the right of indigenous peoples to administer their internal affairs and have recourse to traditional customs to resolve internal conflicts, the protection of customs and traditional institutions, intellectual property relating to traditional knowledge, the protection of sacred sites, education and individual and collective property rights.
The term PPPs is traditionally considered to include the construction of physical infrastructure, with accompanying private investment in service delivery, but is emerging as a way of developing non-tangible infrastructure (IT) and providing public services without infrastructure development.
Engineers of the World1 TDB/EX(21)
Sure, why not? I mean, they seemed to work wonders.
Education benefits that can be accessed by disadvantaged women and girls include:
I have numerous engagements next week.
Wheat
TONY: He had proof.
I knew of none who sympathized in my feelings;
We decided to turn into business in 1995, almost one year after we started as a hobby at Stanford
A Federal Inter-Agency Task Force report released in August 1989 concluded that some provisions of the draft Commonwealth Act were unconstitutional, particularly those relating to the exercise of self-determination by the Chamorro people.
The second and third reports describe the framework within which the efforts towards equality between the sexes are being deployed in our country, the obstacles in the way of implementing the Convention and what progress has been made by all the social partners involved in combating discrimination against women.
Ozturgut, E., J. W. Lavelle and R. E. Burns (1981). Impacts of manganese nodule mining on the environment: results from pilot-mining tests in the North Equatorial Pacific. Elsevier Oceanography Series, vol. 276, 437-474.
9. Calls on the international community to support fully the Government of Iraq in exercising its responsibilities to provide protection to the diplomatic community, United Nations staff and other foreign civilian personnel working in Iraq;
(f) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Asia and the Pacific;
37. Lao People's Democratic Republic has taken important steps to protect the rights of children: the Government has signed the key international conventions and optional protocols, including the Optional Protocol to the Convention of the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography; the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on children in armed conflict; and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The name of Mondetour paints marvellously well the sinuosities of that whole set of streets.
The Maldives lies in two rows of atolls in the Indian Ocean, just across the equator.
5/c/4
In accordance with protective measures ordered by the Chambers, transcripts were redacted to expunge identifying information concerning witnesses or their family members prior to the transcripts being made public.
During the first quarter of 2002, almost 24 million square metres of high-priority area were cleared.
In the light of the downsizing of police and personnel envisaged and the conclusion of the elections, the Committee believes that there are opportunities for further savings under operational costs (para. 26).
The State party had objected to admissibility on the ground that the case was based on events that had occurred prior to the entry into force of the CCPR and the CCPR-OP.
Malawi
 47. The economic, social and political situation in Africa had continued to deteriorate, and the international community had been incapable of halting the continent's increasing marginalization and impoverishment.
there can be lots of different combinations of things that can get them in the mood.
His further (cassation) appeal was rejected on 20 February 1996.
(h) International Comparison Programme;
101.5 minutes
III. SPECIAL PROCEDURES OF THE COMMISSION ON
Here is a collection of bronze sculpture.
He expressed gratitude to all Parties for their commitment and efforts and underscored the importance of engaging stakeholders in the Technology Mechanism.
Gavan Griffith
Ad hoc grants that respond to crisis and emerging issues
11. In this context, UNSOA has begun operations from its initial base in Nairobi.
United Republic of Tanzania
We visited many places of interest.
II. Implementation of the budget
De Chambrun discussed this odd German solicitude for Jastrow with his wife.
The concern that the mainstream media ignored indigenous peoples and indigenous issues had to do with the relationship between the mainstream media and public policies and public decisions.
Bahrain having challenged the authenticity of 81 documents produced by Qatar, the Court then decided that Qatar should also file an interim report on the question of the authenticity of each of these documents;
A storm rose, and we had to bale out our boat.
German and French equity values both fell more than 6 per cent and in mid-afternoon trading, the S&P 500 index had fallen 4.26 per cent at 912.
Non-governmental organizations: Association for World Education (also on behalf of Association of World Citizens, Lutheran World Federation and World Federation of Methodist and Uniting Church Women), Human Rights Watch
45. Ms. SABO (Canada) said that her delegation generally supported the comments made by the observer for the World Bank, with the exception of his proposal to delete paragraph (3) (c).
We encourage other African delegations to make efforts to explain what regional representation means for Africa in order to paint an accurate picture.
23. Support was expressed for the cautious approach advanced in the Commission with regard to the scope of the topic.
3. In an effort to establish specific commitments that contribute to the implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21, a working group on mountain ecosystems should be created, taking advantage of the opportunities afforded by preparations for the World Summit on Sustainable Development for forging and strengthening alliances that coordinate the efforts of Governments and the main groups identified in Agenda 21, with a view to working together to achieve sustainable mountain development.
Objective To comparethe duration of edema and the effect - stage and two - stage augmentation rhinoplasty and oriental blepharoplasty.
Some contingents that have elements, e.g., companies, deployed to remote areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, have set up transit facilities at their larger camps in order to facilitate the recuperation of members of such remotely deployed elements, e.g., a contingent from one of troop/police-contributing countries has set up a transit camp in Bunia, which is also used for recreational breaks by those of its elements that are deployed far from Bunia.
Supported by an advisory group of experts and pursuant to decision 3/2 of the Conference, UNODC has organized a series of regional workshops for central and other competent authorities, magistrates and judges responsible for liaison, and prosecutors and practitioners in charge of cases that require international cooperation, with a view to facilitating exchanges among counterparts and promoting awareness and knowledge of the mechanisms for international cooperation under the Convention.
Target 2012-2013: 55 per cent
The consequence was a humanitarian tragedy which mainly affected the poorest sectors of society and would end only if the international community stepped in to create lasting peace and stability in the region.
Paragraph 1, line 2
In addition to the main activities set out in paragraph , MoC's transportation department supplies MoC with vehicles and regulates the navigation of shipping traffic.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to room S-2940
The School of Continuing and Professional Studies, The Chinese University of Hong Kong
We have re-designed this new site to serve our alumni better.
A total of 332 have been wounded by firing, or by mine or bomb explosions.
Collect existing practices and methods for gender mainstreaming analysis
Families with children are entitled to the health benefits established by the legislation of the Russian Federation, including free medical prescriptions for children aged under three years (six years if the family is poor), special milk products for children in the first two years of life, the provision of additional living space and social benefits in connection with a number of diseases, and free travel for treatment.
Please keep my reservation for that i'll arrive here a little late.
We must clear his mind of doubts in this game.
To be consistent you must write in the same person throughout your paragraph unless there is a very good reason to switch person
Just as the policy for change is well-articulated, so too must their be effective action at the local level, to create sustaining patterns of change within these vulnerable communities.
A GM spokesman declined to comment, as did spokeswomen for Cerberus and Chrysler.
She's afraid to ask the teacher for help.
They travel as an inseparable  unit , up and down the blades of grass.
$ millions
Sixty-eighth session
494. The 53 country office audit reports issued in 2007 largely covered the operations and activities of the offices in the year 2006.
Enhances the functioning of white blood cells , helping to strengthen the body's immune system.
Friday, 8 October 2010, from 4 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
His discouraging response only made me want Bernie all the more.
Israel participates in its interactions with great interest and respect and would have expected a more balanced interaction.
55. Experience has shown that there are often gaps in the flow of information and understanding, at both international and national levels, between the various sectors, with regard to the development of criteria and indicators aimed at defining, measuring and monitoring of sustainability.
Reply to the issues raised in paragraph 30 of the list of issues
Progress report on the implementation of agreed conclusions and recommendations of the Commission
29 April
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. But the manager is occupied now.
But beyond that, the draft resolution would also have the Assembly give due recognition to what are, for us, particular landmarks in the development of this cooperation.
Background: For the purpose of this policy, Unexploded Ordnance (UXO) is defined as a launched or emplaced munition that has been operationally employed but failed to function its explosive contents as intended.
State Parties shall take in all fields, in particular in the political, social, economic and cultural fields, all appropriate measures, including legislation, to ensure the full development and advancement of women, for the purpose of guaranteeing them the exercise and enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms on a basis of equality with men.
Furthermore, the Committee reiterates its emphasis that the final accountability for the proper charge of the work provided by independent contractors rests with the United Nations (see A/64/509, para. 51).
Reindeer herding is still partly a cross-border activity, especially in the border area between Sweden and Norway, which is based on the border treaty of 1751.
We are not, however, new in our dedication to its purposes.
Can personally experience the culture of China's paper-cut, very interesting.
The annual HSBC Living Business Awards recognises socially and environmentally responsible SMEs in Hong Kong.
WwW. zIdiR. coM Gauge for the power market an integral part of an important network of modern management techniques.
Fish cannot breathe out of water.
The image is patched together from 44 shots, each having a different focal plane.
International Criminal Court: Meeting of the Bureau of the Assembly of States Parties
15. The Council took note of the agreement between the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of the Authority extending the competence of the United Nations Appeals Tribunal to the Authority with respect to applications alleging non-compliance with the terms of appointment or contracts of employment of staff members of the Authority, as set out in annex I to document ISBA/16/C/4.
It is alleged that military tribunals have replaced ordinary courts in cases where there have been violations of human rights carried out by the military against civilians.
Buyers and sellers should be aware of new developments in technology can and does affect marketing activities.
THIRD COMMITTEE 32nd meeting
584. The Committee encourages the State party to introduce human rights education, particularly on the rights of the child, in the curricula for teacher training at university level and to strengthen efforts to promote within the school environment the spirit of understanding, peace, tolerance, equality of sexes and friendship among all peoples and ethnic and religious groups.
In addition, it was noted that the current system of obtaining letters of indemnity, possibly coupled with bank guarantees, was both a costly and a slow procedure for consignees.
Given these scary sums, we can only hope America will find some courage.
Nor do they lay down any special procedure for determining authoritatively whether a crime has been committed, or what consequences should follow: this is left for each individual State to determine qua “injured State”.
Identical letters dated 18 September 2009 from the Permanent Representative of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and to the President of the Security Council
The Association maintains close ties with the World Trade Organization (WTO), in which it enjoys full "participant" status, and continues to follow the trade negotiations of the Doha Development Round.
4.Can you tuck me in
Address by His Excellency Mr. Toomas Henrik Ilves, President of the Republic of Estonia
In an attempt to address infrastructure problems, a short-term initiative to address the barracks shortage currently faced by RSLAF has started, with financial assistance from the United Kingdom.
Several governmental entities, United Nations agencies and other institutions also contributed to the work of the Centre by sharing or absorbing the costs of joint events, personnel and/or material resources.
3. On 16 June 2000, the Secretary-General reported to the Security Council that the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) had completed the verification process, and confirmed that Israeli forces had withdrawn from Lebanon in compliance with Security Council resolution 425 (1978) and met the requirements defined by the Secretary-General (S/2000/590 and Corr.1).
Sexual lust is the driving force behind a large proportion of human ambition and struggle, and much of it constitutes a misfiring .
We view the complete prohibition of anti—personnel landmines as a goal which would probably best be approached by means of a series of agreed time stages.
the effects of wind-induced natural ventilation gradually increase as the height of the building heightens or the wind speed quickens.
If were really going to help people quit, this emphasizes the need to do more than tell people to resist temptation
Background Kidney-yin deficiency syndrome is one of the basic syndrome of Traditional Chinese Medicine the chinese ancient doctors paid attention to its syndrome differentiation and treatment.
He gave people brash game shows and imported soaps, sweeping away the fusty piety that had previously dominated the media.
Buja
Sectoral policy questions [98]
Sculpture
Young natural stands and all plantations established for forestry purposes which have yet to reach a crown density of [COP to select a threshold between 10 and 25 per cent to be applied by all Parties] per cent or tree height of [COP to select a threshold between 0.25 and 5 metres to be applied by all Parties] m are included under forest, as are areas normally forming part of the forest area which are temporarily unstocked as a result of human intervention or natural causes but which are expected to revert to forest.
Sweeney Todd
Moreover, it was in that spirit that a few years back I recommended from this rostrum the establishment within the United Nations of a global ethics committee, for it is a combination of moral drift and serious ethical deviations that is at the root of the current global financial crisis.
We thrilled when we saw the high mountains.
The Women's Bureau has decentralized its activities and the staff and women councillors work with these structures including others on the ground such as the Multidisciplinary Task Forces (MDFTs) the Population Task Forces (PTF) and the Technical Advisory Committees (TACs) and CSOs, to mainstream gender into their activities.
The State party considers that its commitment to ensure, through monitoring, that the complainant is not subjected to treatment or punishment contrary to the Convention, has been met.
Applications were implemented and/or enhanced: Office of Rule of Law and Security Institutions web reporting, peace operations Internet version 5 and the strategic management system
Protection of civilians
He lied and did not even scruple about it.
 Above all, they are the principal means through which the society of States must strive to express its common will and achieve progress.
One step brought us into the family sitting-room, without any introductory lobby or passage: they call it here 'the house' pre- eminently
A petroleum fund can act as a buffer against volatile petroleum production and prices, be a useful savings instrument to avoid the "petroleum curse", and ensure that both current and future generations can benefit from the petroleum revenues.
In the light of the foregoing, the source alleges that, by detaining the petitioners on charges directly linked to their peaceful exercise of the rights and freedoms guaranteed under international law, the Vietnamese authorities breached articles 19, 21 and 25 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and articles 19, 20 and 21 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The number of live chickens available at the Cheung Sha Wan Temporary Wholesale Poultry Market this morning (May 9) is 28,504, with 7,000 imported from the Mainland and 21,504 from local farms. A spokesman for the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department said the average wholesale price was $18.0 per catty.
Asia-Pacific States:
Bolivia Mary Carrasco Monje, Guadalupe Cajías, Sergio Olmos, Miriam Siles Crespo
13. Calls upon the Government of Libya to further empower women and girls, ensuring full participation in relation to the electoral system, the police and the judiciary;
It would be very sad, were I to relate all the misery and privations which the poor little duckling endured during the hard winter; but when it had passed, he found himself lying one morning in a moor, amongst the rushes.
Can you give me some information about the next express?
693. The Indira Gandhi Rastriya Manav Sangralaya (National Museum of Mankind) has developed an open air and in-door exhibition on different habitats and different stages of biological and cultural evolution of mankind with particular reference to Indian civilization.
3 General Service:
But his abstentious parishioners , who could accept abstention from all alcohol, could not abstain from living without owning people.
7. Since the last report of the Secretary-General, the Office distributed more than 120,000 copies of human rights publications in addition to the 2,000 copies of each publication which are regularly distributed by the Distribution Section at the United Nations Office at Geneva through the mailing list established jointly by OHCHR and the Distribution Section.
(a) Is attributable to the international organization under international law; and
Extrabudgetary
50. Under Chapter 5.2 (d) of the Constitutional Framework, the central PISG are accorded competences in the field of local administration that include monitoring the quality of municipal services.
Developed countries are still able to take carveouts for themselves in negotiations and continue subsidizing agriculture, but developing countries are constrained by the rules even in designing their industrial policies.
High growth countriesa
With the Declaration of Commitment (resolution S-26/2), Member States adopted a number of specific time-bound targets to fight the epidemic.
Annual Report 2004-05
That did not prevent such institutions from providing independent information, but it was somewhat irregular for a State party to look to the representative of a national human rights institution to respond to a question from a Committee member, as sometimes happened.
The 330-pound (150kg) Zhu is thought to have survived in the ruins of his sty by chewing charcoal and drinking rainwater, the AFP news agency reports.
(iii) The outside occupation or employment is permitted by local law at the duty station or where the occupation or employment occurs.
4. Those States are trying to impose a single political, economic, social and cultural model which will facilitate their domination of the countries of the Third World.
Chéronvilliers
It is currently preparing a letter to the relevant Governments about those activities.
(     Coffee wakes me up. Coffee gets me going.
A recorded vote has been requested.
Eligible Transactions made by the Principal and Supplementary Cardholders of the same Applicable Credit Card Account will be counted collectively.
The event brought together major Arab, Islamic and Western financial institutions, international organizations, Palestinian business leaders and representatives of the Palestinian Authority to explore options for future private sector growth in the occupied Palestinian territory.
In accordance with the mandate to provide assistance in administrating the Sponsorship Programme, the ISU provided advice to the Programme's donors' group and information to sponsored delegates on how to maximise their participation in the Intersessional Work Programme.
She also described the joint United Nations Development Fund for Women/International Human Rights Action Watch (Asia/Pacific) training initiative, “From global to local: a convention implementation and monitoring workshop”, now in its second year, which seeks to strengthen understanding of women’s rights at the national level, as well as to raise awareness of the importance of the Committee’s work amongst women’s non-governmental organizations, and to increase their participation in Convention monitoring and implementation.
I should like to draw the attention of representatives to a matter concerning the participation of the Holy See, in its capacity as an Observer State, and Palestine, in its capacity as observer, in the work of the General Assembly.
Less than 50% of children registered
The representative of a regional economic integration organization expressed the willingness of his organization, as a member of the Harmonized System Convention, to submit a proposal to the WCO Assembly for the modification of Harmonized System customs codes to facilitate the application of the PIC procedure.
This assessment was prepared under my own responsibility following consultations with other members of the Council.
Yunus M., Grameen Bank, www.grameenfoundation.org
The most important substantive shift is reclassifying six field-based international professional posts related to UNIFEM support to the United Nations system as part of development activities.
Mexico in fiction
4. At its 58th meeting, on 27 June, the Committee had before it a draft resolution entitled "Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor" (A/C.5/61/L.59), submitted by the Chairman on the basis of informal consultations coordinated by the representative of Guatemala.
- Eleven desktop computers with printers at $2,600 each ($28,600) and 11 UPS with 600 KVA at $450 each ($5,000);
63. In her country women and men continued to live in different worlds in terms of access to education and employment, health, security and leisure.
15. Requests the Secretary-General, within existing resources, to prepare a comprehensive overview of studies and analyses on the multidimensional aspects of migration and development, including the effects of migration on economic and social development in developed and developing countries, and on the effects of the movements of highly skilled migrant workers and those with advanced education;
When the old man saw that he was freed from all his troubles he did not know how to show his gratitude.
Beijing to Guangzhou is a daily airline of CAAC.
General collective agreements are presently applied in Serbia and Montenegro, and conclusion of a General Collective Agreement which will be applied throughout FRY is planned.
In this paper, a feature - based derivative CAPP system for panel stamping is introduced.
While the invoice provided by the claimant contained information as to carat size, the Panel finds that the claimant failed to provide sufficient information concerning clarity, cut and color, and as a result the Panel, in consultation with the expert consultants, valued the loss on the basis of stones of the lowest quality.
As it burst into flames, smoke billowed up from the below.
96. The National Board of Occupational Safety and Health now has powers under chapter 4, section 8 of the Act to require that other parties besides employers compile documentation on safety and health at work.
Some speakers underlined the role and renewed importance that the United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice had assumed in promoting and strengthening work on the rule of law, security sector reform and good governance, particularly in States in transitional or post-conflict situations.
The Group of 77 and China have always been firmly against this embargo.
96. Both the United Nations and international agencies and organizations that are not part of the United Nations system have been routinely organizing live videoconferences which include interpretation in order to make possible a dialogue with one or more individuals or to enable groups of people at different locations to interact.
Two guards and two inmates were killed in a prison break in Texas, yesterday.
He was as thoughtless as he was unkind 锛嶢  son of Poseidon's锛宎ttempting to kidnap his daughter锛宮ade the war-god unhappy锛宻o that he killed the youth without he hesitation.
In Europe, Canada is currently moving towards a renewal and extension of its partnership with ESA through the Canada-ESA Cooperation Agreement.
20. Intellectual awareness, and curiosity about the different facets of the issue under scrutiny, and about the various points of view it provokes, constitute another useful mental attitude when debating values.
Finally she studied the magazine clippings.
Rather than travel by car, I'd prefer to walk.
But the attempt at verbal sleight of hand did little to conceal what appeared to be Syria's intent, experts and Western diplomats said.
The latest version of the draft protocol seemed to focus primarily on the interests of the producers and possessors of such weapons, and only peripherally on those of the victims.
Item 69 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The responsibilities of the incumbents of both positions would include the analysis and preparation of performance reports and budget estimates, financial backstopping, monitoring of budget implementation, administration of related trust funds, provision of budgetary guidance to counterparts in DFS and the two missions, participation in the delivery of the funds monitoring tool training, and management of liabilities and reimbursements to troop- and formed police-contributing countries.
The explosions took place in quick succession near a crowded market and a mosque in the south of the city.
Having considered the statement submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly on the administrative and financial implications of the decisions and recommendations contained in the report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2013 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
UNMIBH United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina
X. United Nations capital assets and construction in progress: statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the biennium 2012-2013 ended 31 December 2013 and statement of assets, liabilities and reserves and fund balances as at 31 December 2013
For these reasons, the Group continues to monitor the effectiveness of the implementation by Ghana of KPCS.
Limited access to education has an impact on women's empowerment and gender equality in the long term, even after armed conflict ends.
The Acting President (spoke in French): On behalf of the General Assembly, I have the honour to welcome to the United Nations His Excellency Mr. Festus Mogae, President of the Republic of Botswana, and to invite him to address the Assembly.
Different cash transfers have played different roles during the transition and some have been more effective than others at preventing poverty.
e Equivalent to EUR 766,938, based on the United Nations rate of exchange prevailing in September 2003.
would be left with coffee, fell to the ice box, refrigerator, ice cubes made of coffee, add cold milk or hot milk, milk flavor thicker.
Throughout the festival, people everywhere brimmed with hospitality and joy. ?
His hands-on leadership of that Department and the initiation of far-reaching reforms led the Secretary-General to confirm him as Under-Secretary-General in 2002.
In the financial sector, under Decree—Law 663 of 1992 and Decree 2159 of 1995, responsibility for supervision and control lies with the Banking Supervisory Board.
I'm quitting because I want to try something different.
Gregor Mendel, an Austrian monk, discovered that in pea plants inheritance of individual traits followed patterns.
7 - 9 December
 (c) To promote the use of standardized reporting procedures and comparable statistics through the implementation of international statistical systems and programmes, in particular, the 1993 System of National Accounts, the International Comparison Programme and the 2000 round of population and housing censuses;
:: Twenty-four technical and legal advice sessions for the Council of Representatives on drafting legal and regulatory framework for the conduct of electoral events
Without further guidance, the concept of what constitutes a “direct loss” would be difficult to define or apply with precision.
Some regions where girls had lagged behind were well on the way to achieving the goal of eliminating gender disparity in primary and secondary education.
They are confident that he will lead our work effectively and wisely.
But Bao and his wife, a former swimmer, still do not want to take a similar chance with their 18-year-old son.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the delegation of Germany for preparing and facilitating the draft resolution.
The present report provides an overview of the major areas of progress and continuing challenges in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits at the global, regional and country level and proposes steps that could be taken to address them.
19. The decision of the United Kingdom to renew and further develop its nuclear weapons' capability by approving the Trident programme is in full contravention of article VI of the Treaty and in defiance of the unanimous decision of the 2000 Review Conference.
a. Tracking Systems
Terms of reference of the Security Council mission to Afghanistan
More than 70 per cent of women aged 50 or over are screened for breast cancer, a disease that affects approximately one in eight women in Israel.
To make provision of $1 billion in the next three years to create 3 000 three-year jobs for young people.
He is speaking without a bread, so I can not insert even a word.
These activities demonstrate the importance of a scientific evidence base for the development of policies, including assessment and management of the human environment.
Reaffirming also the applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949,
Our teacher is guilty of blatant favouritism.
Her shirt has the company emblem on it.
(Percentage of requested materials/services provided on or before the deadline)
2000 actualb
Central America wished to cooperate closely with the international community and required its assistance in order to give priority to environmentally sound development.
(d) The limited access of women to credit for starting small-scale businesses;
"Emphasizing the need to enhance the role of the Commission for Social Development in the follow-up to and review of the World Summit for Social Development and the outcome of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly, as well as in the preparations for the post-2015 development agenda,
A happy marriage is a matter of give and take; the husband gives and the wife takes.
101. Mean household size of the poorest quintiles (1 and 2) and of quintile 3 remained approximately five individuals over the period 1990-1996.
Other resources
Money also poured out of commodity funds at a pace unseen since the height of the financial crisis.
Sweden
C. Pending advisory proceedings during the period under review
The State macro - regulation system was further strengthened.
Northerners are apt to claim that they work harder than the Southerners, and are more thorough.
CRC (1992) OP-CRC-AC (2004)
His excellent performance enabled us to win the match.
:: Budget for the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire for the period from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007: report of the Secretary-General (A/60/753 and Corr.1)
102. There is a reluctance on the part of the competent Mexican authorities to hold members of the military forces accountable for extrajudicial killings and other human rights violations.
 The negative impact of such reverse transfers needs to be redressed.
Methods with a non-void return type are required to use the
Article 19 A sole proprietor may manage the affairs of the sole proprietorship enterprise by himself, and may also appoint or hire another person with the capacity for civil act to manage the sole proprietorship enterprise.
28. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 59/261 authorizing the Committee to meet in two chambers (see A/61/41), the Committee continued to meet in two chambers for its fortysecond (15 May-2 June 2006) and forty-third sessions (11-29 September 2006).
Rule 45.
Akishima, Tokyo
Nevertheless, it indicated that qualified technical assistance would be required to reach full compliance with the Convention.
Conscience and Peace Tax International
The paper analyzes the rudiments and development of pragmatism in the United States,and illustrates the profound influence of the reciprocal principles on the American cultural values,along with which the American society has been promoted.
:: Administration of benefits, entitlements and time and attendance for 2,000 international staff members
Reaffirming the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and recalling relevant international human rights treaties, including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, as well as the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 and the Additional Protocols thereto,
 29.10 In 1992 and 1993, UNHCR's emergency preparedness measures facilitated timely responses to an unprecedented number of new, concurrent refugee emergencies around the world.
Many countries in the world are taking important measures to improve their students information accomplishments so as to adapt themselves to world trends and face the challenge.
Therefore, it is our sacred responsibility to promote the cultural exchanges and hence the mutual understanding between China and the rest of the world.
Other matters:
Had I known you would come to see me, I wouldn''t have gone to the cinema.
the capital adequacy is an essential defense of the commercial bank against risks: the more adequate the capital is, the lower the risks.
The Government is also developing a new Mandate of AntiDiscrimination Ombudsman to monitor and enforce these new provisions.
Kyrgyzstan
This requires greater transparency and accountability by lenders, particularly the World Bank and the IMF.
 Mr. Hudyma (Ukraine): The profound analysis and deep evaluation of the process of the elimination of apartheid is still to come.
Manganate
Collision theory
Having considered the report of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space on the work of its fifty-fifth session,
At its 977th plenary meeting, on 14 October 2005, the Board appointed the members of the Advisory Body for the period October 2005 - October 2006, as follows: H.E. Mr. Ransford Smith (Jamaica), Mr. Iouri Afanassiev (Russian Federation), H.E. Mr. Sergei Aleinik (Belarus), H.E. Mr. Sameh Shoukry (Egypt), H.E. Mr. Kwame Bawuah-Edusei (Ghana), H.E. Mr. Charles Mutalemwa (United Republic of Tanzania), H.E. Mrs. Clemencia Forero Ucros (Colombia), H.E. Mr. Guillermo Valles Galmes (Uruguay), H.E. Mr. Makarim Wibisono (Indonesia), H.E. Mr. Mohammad Reza Alborzi (Islamic Republic of Iran), H.E. Mr. Masood Khan (Pakistan), Mrs. Barbara Rietbroek (Netherlands), Mr. Emmanuel Farcot (France), Mr. Fredrik Arthur (Norway), Mr. Kiminori Iwama (Japan).
The Committee requested a breakdown of the vacancy rates for New York, Geneva and Vienna, and was informed that as at 31 March 1999 the vacancy rate in New York for staff in the Professional category and above was 1.3 per cent, in Geneva it was 8.9 per cent and in Vienna it was 3.9 per cent.
The Enhanced Economic Growth and Poverty Reduction Strategy has not specifically benefited poor rural women.
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace, entering over Kafr Killa.
This question concerns the attribution of conduct to an international organization and is therefore covered by paragraph 1 of article 1.
The influences of processing parameters, material properties and screw design on melt temperature distribution in reservior during injection moulding are described in this paper.
A. Working methods
17. In keeping with the emerging trends within the global environment, the British overseas territories of the OECS, like the rest of the OECS countries, are faced with complex and diverse economic and social issues that are both threats and opportunities in the pursuance of their development objectives.
This rose in 1998 to 1,280 persons working 17 days per month and, in 1999, to approximately 1,700 persons employed 17 days a month.
Original: English
It was necessary to play the hypocrite a little more with him.
We oppose any efforts by any country to impose its own social system and ideology on another country.
South Africa supported the draft resolutions submitted under the current agenda item.
Advisory missions on housing and urban development issues in Africa and the Arab States, Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean and Eastern Europe
Various reports of Ms. Radhika Coomaraswamy, Special Rapporteur on violence against women have detailed instances of such violence (see, in particular, E/CN.4/1998/54/Add.1 and E/CN.4/2001/73).
Military history of the Republic of Venice
The export control system of the Republic of Azerbaijan also recognizes the role of the Security Council in imposing embargos and other restrictions.
Day care: A centre with state-of-the-art facilities provides psychological and social services.
Subprogramme 10
2. Welcomes the progress made, in particular by the African Union and the subregional organizations, in the prevention, management and resolution of conflict and in post-conflict peacebuilding in a number of African countries, and calls for intensified efforts and a coordinated approach between national Governments, the African Union, subregional organizations, the United Nations system and partners with a view to achieving further progress towards the goal of a conflict-free Africa;
Dr TSE Sze-wing, Edmund, G.B.S. (6.11.08)
Australia looks forward to working with a more effective, dynamic and responsive CTED.
“(b) an assignment of receivables that are not specified individually is effective to transfer receivables that can be identified as receivables to which the assignment relates, at the time agreed upon by the assignor and the assignee and, in the absence of such agreement, at the time when the receivables arise.
Educated women are in a better position to make the wisest of decisions in regards to their own health and the health of their children, which leads to real empowerment and gender equality.
Title
The presence of numerous diplomatic representations, Academies, Institutes of Culture, International organisations and ONG make it possible and easy to find highly qualified staff to work in an international environment.
Beside you were built to find your own way.
409. The Group repeatedly contacted the Director General to request the statistics and, on each occasion, was informed that the customs authorities were preparing the statistics.
The Lord is my protector; he is my strong fortress.
Recalling Governing Council resolution 20/2 of 8 April 2005, on the establishment of the African Ministerial Conference on Housing and Urban Development, and its paragraph 4, on other regional organizations, such as the Regional Meeting of Ministers and High-Level Authorities of Housing and Urbanization in Latin America and the Caribbean and the Asia-Pacific Ministerial Conference on Housing and Urban Development,
The percentage of non-completion of IMF programmes has increased in recent years.
25. Ms. Zarraluqui (Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights), replying to the comment made by the representative of Pakistan, stressed the importance of both Protocol V and article 2 of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance was held from 31 August to 8 September 2001 in Durban, South Africa.
Today, more and more caterers use a glass champagne bucket.
Distr.: General
and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father.
After the adoption of resolution 55/231 of 23 December 2000, the Secretariat modified the indicators of achievement and expected accomplishments for the proposed programme budget.
Shoulder length, with a long fringe.
NOVEMBER AND DECEMBER 2005 TOEFL iBT testing in Canada, France, Germany, Italy, and the United States.
This is an additional argument for the importance of continuing the work within the framework of the United Nations.
It narrowed the concern of the Supreme Court to legislation that employed a suspect classification
The methods on score and measurement on each indicator and criterion were developed.
Articles 7 to 9
The increases are also attributed to the favourable exchange rates for the euro and other European currencies.
Tanah Merah Airport
He and his defence minister , Amir Peretz , are not ex - generals like their predecessors.
They booted him out for being drunk at work.
Contents
Annex
1999 Member of the Special Arbitral Tribunal for Protection and Preservation of the Marine Environment, accredited by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) for special arbitration (since 20 January 1999).
The status of each multilateral treaty deposited with the Secretary-General is updated with each new action and can be obtained as a printed document through the website.
The main reason for its inclusion is the desire to prevent unplanned pregnancies.
Je m'appelle, nathan petrelli.
"Of the remaining oil which is in his palm, the priest shall put some on the right ear lobe of the one to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot, on the blood of the guilt offering
Cases like theirs occur in fewer than one in 2.5 million live births.In the riskiest part of the surgery, doctors had to separate blood vessels the two girls shared and decide which belonged to each child.
:: Manage contractual service contracts
Meeting with Mrs. Marie Michèle Rey, Minister for Foreign Affairs and Worship (Ministry of Foreign Affairs)
In collaboration with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the Secretariat and OHCHR, UNDP is responsible for developing and establishing the team of experts mandated under paragraph 8 of Security Council resolution 1888 (2009) on sexual violence and armed conflict.
The commercial cable-laying ship, Dependable, installs backbone cables off the Oregon coast for the regional ocean observatory.
For elderly singletons the average is still lower, at just over 2 years, despite a pro-active registration campaign, which has pushed up the number of elderly applicants to 11,400 as of the end of last month.
ECLAC
In order to attain such cooperation, RTUK experts attend the regular meetings of the Council of Europe Standing Committee on Transfrontier Television Convention, the responsible body for the implementation of the Convention.
Shortly after it was launched, the pie committee went to a local inn to celebrate.
A rare White House black-tie evening featured buffalo for dinner, music by cellist Yo-Yo Ma and dancing with several dozen luminaries from the worlds of politics, history, writing, diplomacy and sports.
We are all very excited and are looking forward to the Olympic Games because they have never been held before in this country.
Biofuels Financing: A regional workshop on the financing of biofuels and Jatropha plantations development in Africa, with special emphasis on clean development mechanism (CDM) was organized in Ghana.
Furthermore, to facilitate concerted action to resolve issues of common interest, such a flow of guidance and advice must be supplemented by sharing relevant information and experience on a cross-departmental and organizational basis.
On the other hand, the shrinking bag with a worried face betrays its inability to meet the enormous demand.
For a detailed list of speakers, see annex III to the present report.
The changes will reflect recommendations of relevant UN treaty bodies and the cooperation with the Government Council for Human Rights, National Minorities and Gender Equality.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42, 43 and 47; S/22110/Add.6-9, 13, 14, 17, 20, 24, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-41 and 45; S/1995/40/Add.14; S/1996/15/Add.11, 12, 23 and 33; S/1997/40/Add.15, 22-24, 36, 42, 43, 45, 48 and 51; S/1998/44/Add.2, 7, 9, 12, 19, 24, 36, 44, 47 and 50; S/1999/25/Add.19, 39, 45 and 47-49; S/2000/40/Add.11, 12, 22 and 48; S/2001/15/Add.22, 26, 27 and 48; S/2002/30/Add.19, 41, 44, 47 and 48; and S/2003/40 and Add.4-7, 9-12, 16, 20, 22, 26, 29, 32 and 33; see also S/23370/Add.10, 32, 35 and 47; S/2001/15/Add.40; S/2002/30/Add.39 and 20; and S/2003/40/Add.13, 20 and 26)
the terms of the approval given by the Executive Committee for the Annual Programme Budget; or
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General expects to fully utilize the resources provided for 2010-2011.
The developed countries, too, must ensure that no part of their own population falls short of the Millennium Development Goals.
More importantly, the Government is working on a new law to protect domestic workers, which will afford them far greater protection and assurances.
Leadership Code Act;
The simulation results are shown in a series of plots by DISSPLA Plotting program.
(a) It will be extremely difficult to meet the November deadline given the recently established need to review many more years of accounts than had been anticipated.
We share the optimistic assessment expressed here by His Excellency, Mr. Sergey Lavrov, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, on 7 March 2009 and, before him, by His Excellency Mr. Espen Barth Eide, Deputy Minister of Defence of Norway.
6 December 1991
NGC 230
This is not only a human rights issue, but also an economic one. Following current demographic trends, by 2040, Roma will comprise roughly 40% of Hungary’s working-age population.
Execute projects employing proven, globally recognized business process improvement methodologies to reduce/eliminate delays and the inefficient use of labour and material resources.
Again one of the oldest questions of political science very rarely asked by the political science of today that is very skeptical of the language of statesmanship.
Closure of car park at Police Museum
PARTICULARS OF APPLICATION FOR PRESALE CONSENT AND CONSENT TO ASSIGN PENDING APPROVAL as at 30/11/2002
As expected, Romania's government fell apart and the prime minister, Calin Popescu Tariceanu, formed a new minority administration.
Particularly acute are the shortages in trained health personnel in the two conflict-affected Provinces - Northern and Eastern.
43. Regarding current efforts to promote job creation, the mission was pleased to learn from the Prime Minister that a number of important steps are already being taken by the Government, with the support of key international partners to remove the main obstacles to private investment. These include the establishment of an inter-ministerial committee on land management, the drafting of a law on coownership and efforts to identify State-owned land that could be made available for the establishment of export zones.
In addition, the results of the Unit's work were published. RO Pacific reported that in March 2011, half the police force had signed a petition requesting the termination of the contract of the Police Commissioner.
 We are of the opinion that a mechanism should be established by which small States would be guaranteed a voice in the Council through a balanced rotation of non-permanent seats, in keeping with the principle of the sovereign equality of States.
The Čermak and Markač Defence filed their appeals on 18 May 2010.
An old man was sitting on his porch, when a young man walked up with a pad and pencil in his hand.
Such an approach should be taken, first and foremost, with regard to the principal international legal instruments.
Agenda item 75: International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space (A/57/20 and A/57/213)
A meeting of the Consultative Group for the International Year of Older Persons will take place today, 15 September 1998, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 8.
They also are excluded and the same question is posed;
18. The increased requirements under this heading are attributable to the higher commercial costs of two helicopters owing to the new contract terms with the carrier effective 1 August 2005 and 1 June 2006, replacing the current contracts expiring on 31 July 2005 and 31 May 2006, respectively.
Exposure to pesticides in plantation work.
51. Innovative approaches to increasing employment were recommended at the International Expert Meeting on Innovative Employment Initiatives, hosted by the Austrian Government in February 1998 (see document A/53/350, annex).
"Encouraging non-governmental organizations, civil society and the private sector to further contribute to and actively participate in the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit and in the Summit itself,
When your father built this house, it was the talk of Levenford.
However, generally speaking, most of the national population think of themselves as bilingual.
Being afforded basic protections and simply being counted, as in Nepal's recent census, is an important acknowledgement as well.
I thank everyone for the years of care of assistance, and wish everyone happiness!
1. Mr. Levallois (Chairman of the Audit Operations Committee of the United Nations Board of Auditors) introduced the report of the Board of Auditors on the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the 12month period from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007 (A/62/5 (Vol. II)).
United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, Standing Committee [General Assembly resolution 248 (III)]
Rapporteur: Mr. Ken Siah (Singapore)
As I have stressed in previous reports, there is a strong correlation between the Darfur crisis and instability within Chad.
India, the largest democracy, was fast becoming its software centre.
---- Yes, I do.like Beijing.He knows how to drive a car, doesn"t heI shall study harder at English.He will go to Shanghai.He shall come.He will come.should,would I telephoned him yesterday to ask what I should do next week
It was another good contrivance.
Maardu
The Ombudsman does not have decision-making powers, but advises and makes suggestions or recommendations, as appropriate, on actions needed to settle conflicts, taking into account the rights and obligations existing between the Organization and the staff member, and the equities of the situation.
OBJECTIVE: To draw experience form American regarding drugstore management strategies for the reference of Chinese pharmaceutical retailers.
Mobility problems strike women more than men (in the 55-64 age group, female mobility impairment ratio is 22.9 per thousand against men's 14.7).
305. He disagreed with the majority on the textual and historical analysis of the provision.
Madonna and crew are scheduled to visit Bombay before leaving the country.
UNDP currently provides up to 30 technical advisers and $20 million, raised through voluntary contributions, under a two-year programme of assistance to the Centre that is scheduled to end in 1995.
Chin-lung Hu
 According to the Government he was discharged in High Court, Badulla, Case No. 180/92 on 22 August 1994.
It was noted that there are significant elements in place, which indicate that there is a strong political debate in Colombia.
The meeting occurs at a time when teachers' rights, roles and responsibilities are being widely debated in the United States.
It's more important that color is an important target that whether the vegetable fresh.
945. However, the regional languages are to be used as auxiliary languages at the primary level.
For Yiwu, introducing the is an effort to lift themselves from the image of being a market for cheap, shoddy goods, says Mr Wu, a Chinese American who once worked as a translator for China's foreign ministry.
Yeah. no, it's nothing to worry about.
"... each .. party is encouraged to take generic preventive measures aimed at minimizing the occurrence of ERW, including [...].those referred to in Part 3 of the ... Annex."
The representative of the Occupied Palestinian Territory, expressing support for the intent of the Montreal Protocol and other efforts to protect the global environment, requested that the observer status of the Territory at meetings of the Parties be reviewed.
You got it going on.
Armed conflict and natural disasters increase vulnerability to trafficking as people are forced to flee from their homes and communities.
"What else can he do? " he asks.
Thursday, 15 November 2012, from 10:00 to 13:00, in Conference Room E (NLB).
Filled:
Still less likely is the emergence of a Chinese Goldman Sachs.
The service of public job agencies shall be improved and community-run job agencies encouraged to develop along healthy lines.
Norton Utilities
dependable reliable, trustworthy independen
The parties had also requested the Panel and its technical options committees to make available to the parties their standard operating procedures.
These policies are currently the responsibility of several ministries.
The SPT takes note that these Community Councils are `criminal execution agencies that function through social participation with the objective of safeguarding the rights of inmates and inspecting the local application of penitentiary policies.'
Given the above and the many other aspects of the topic that required careful consideration, it was as yet premature to decide on the final outcome of the Commission's work.
But it's not just romance that can push out close friends, he explained.
Then there was the ban on short selling (borrowing a share and selling it, to profit when its share price goes down) in financial stocks.
For that reason, Austria acknowledges its share of moral responsibility.
(33) The Committee notes that there is no information relating to seasonal workers engaged in remunerated activities in the State Party, and of Albanian seasonal workers engaged in remunerated activities abroad.
It is both intimate and alienating at the same time, which is a freaky combination.
Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group is in advanced talks to secure land in Macao, the Chinese special administrative region, on which it intends to build a $3bn casino resort.
If you're a grown man when you read this--it is my intention for this letter that you will read it then--I'll have been gone a long time.
Rail transportation
57. The mobilization of Government, civil society and donors to scale-up programmes that address gender-based subordination and violence is an essential priority.
That is why, before this Council, I wish to reiterate Zaire's position, as set out in the letter I addressed to the President of the Security Council this morning.
The ecological planning and design of urban wetland doesn't only refer to the enhancement of the wetland ecosystem, but also means to the harmonious relationship between the wetland and human beings.
41. The high level of unpaid assessed contributions for peacekeeping operations remained an issue of particular concern to the European Union, whose members paid their assessed contributions promptly, in full and without conditions.
This stylish car also makes your pulse race with its chrome-plated radiator grille and realistic wheel rims.
 68. Due to tight budgets in developed countries, developing countries and economies in transition, policy makers are showing increasing interest in saving on scarce budgetary resources by launching reviews of existing subsidy regimes.
[8] But he has long championed alternative views on health.
And the Yale factory changed Stamford overnight.
Legend tells that at the time of his death Swithin was a bishop of Winchester Cathedral.
(c) The operational modalities enabling results-based budgeting by the Convention institutions and subsidiary bodies to capture the necessary substantive elements worked out by the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention;
Objective To explore ultrasound diagnosis value in gynecologic acute abdomen.
Health/Wellness Programme: ISCA co-sponsored a video entitled "Cardiovascular diseases in the elderly".
4 June 2010
It was however necessary to proceed with caution in order to achieve an acceptable balance between the need to ensure stability in international relations and the need to avoid impunity for grave crimes under international law.
37. The increased requirements were primarily attributable to higher expenditure in information technology services and spare parts and supplies in relation to Umoja implementation, as well as expenditures previously budgeted under communications and now recorded under information technology in accordance with the new chart of accounts.
(Photo taken with the assistance of Kadoorie Farm and Botanic Garden)
30 d
Item 2: Election of the President and other officers
The report says the vaccine was not destroyed by stomach acid ; instead , the animals developed antibodies against the cholera toxin .
55. [Agreed] Undertake a full and comprehensive review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States in 2004, in accordance with the provisions set forth in General Assembly resolution S-22/2, and in this context requests the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session to consider convening an international meeting for the sustainable development of small island developing States.
 We have proposed more training for national officers on United Nations requirements, and systematic briefings for the Acting Directors who will benefit from that when taking up their tasks in complying with public information mandates.
Today those words assume a compelling logic.
Other meetings
If an executing agency does not comply with this requirement in a timely fashion, reminders are sent on a regular basis.
Such a broad approach should be reflected both in the strategic framework and the action plan.
I learned a lot from their speech.
Explanation of school policy & major concerns of the school in this academic year; meeting with F. 1 form teachers.
The content of the programme was reviewed and updated by the Ethics Office, the Office of Human Resources Management and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in the first half of 2008.
26 February 1987
A/60/L.18 and Add.1, A/60/L.20 and Add.1, and A/60/L.37 and Add.1
In the period 2006-2008, the abundance of international liquidity coupled with a slowdown on financial markets drew a large amount of investment capital into agricultural commodities exchanges.
In separate statements early Wednesday, the three biggest Chinese banks, including the largest, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd., said authorities have purchased two million yuan-denominated class A shares in each institution.
94. The update was given by the Deputy Director, Budget, Division of Financial and Administrative Management.
Countries in Africa, Asia, Latin American and Europe are embroiled in unfortunate conflicts that are now more internal in nature than inter-State in character.
(1) Ensure that equal rights and opportunities are enshrined in all legal acts irrespective of gender, race, nationality, language, origin, social status, belief, convictions or views, age, sexual orientation, disability, ethnic origin or religion;
29. Mr. Mukongo Ngay (Democratic Republic of the Congo) said that the principle of universal jurisdiction allowed a State to exercise its jurisdiction over a crime with which it had no connection other than the presence of the alleged offender in its territory.
:: Order No. 87/281 of 13 August 1987 establishing measures for the implementation of Legislative Order No. 83/033 of 12 September 1983.
Maldives
The high temperatures and pressures used in this process require special safety precautions (CMPS&F - Environment Australia 1997).
1. The report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (E/CN.7/2003/16) on the proposed revised budget for the biennium 20022003 and proposed outline for the biennium 2004-2005 for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) contained a number of requests for information and recommendations.
1. Non-governmental organizations invited to the Conference may designate representatives to sit as observers at public meetings of the Conference and its Committee of the Whole.
The alternative process depends on to save mutually.
51. Decides to remain seized of this important matter at its sixty-second session under the item entitled "Elimination of racism and racial discrimination".
Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
Measures to eliminate international terrorism
Don't allow those big boys to bully you stick up for yourself!
It mentioned, in addition, the equal-opportunity prize offered every year since 2000, the establishment of a project group that aims to improve the involvement of men in the process of achieving equal opportunity, as well as awareness-raising projects on the issue of domestic violence.
The presidential statement (S/PRST/2000/21) was adopted at a public meeting on 18 June (see S/PV.4160).
The author cannot therefore claim that he has not been provided with an effective remedy under article 2, paragraph 3 of the Covenant.
36. Gross National Product (2008): 17.155,7 million euro.
China has set the goal of building a resource-conserving, environment-friendly society, and is endeavoring to coordinate energy development with environmental protection.
945. The KRUS statistics indicate that approximately 1 500 accidents involving children up to the age of 15 who suffered from the accident while assisting their parents on their farms are reported every year.
Then he said to him, "Did not my heart go with you, when the man turned from his chariot to meet you?
We checked your file delivered from you.
Note by the Secretariat
Would you mind telling me your name
In January 2008, Governor deJongh presented a proposal to remove the Agency from the Territory's National Guard and bring it under local government control, since the Agency's priority was prevention and preparedness, while the National Guard's focus was on reaction.
During the reporting period, Federation members observed International Women's Day, the World Day for International Justice and the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women.
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(v) Ad hoc expert groups: interactive dialogue to evaluate progress in the implementation of the agreed conclusions on a priority theme from a previous session of the Commission on the Status of Women (2); panels and interactive high-level round tables on experiences, lessons learned and good practices in relation to the implementation of previous commitments made with regard to the priority theme of the Commission on the Status of Women (6); panels on emerging issues, trends, and new approaches to issues affecting the situation of women or equality between women and men on gender equality (2); panels on a future priority theme of the Commission on the Status of Women (2); expert group meetings on: gender mainstreaming (1); improving the status of women in the United Nations system (1);
7. To assist the secretariat in the formulation of the annotated provisional agenda for each session of the Commission before it is finalized.
In 2007, Border and Migration Police staff managed to identify 125 possible victims of trafficking of human beings, demonstrating attention not only to interviews of citizens returned from the other States but also to those who enter/exit as ordinary travelers in border crossing points.
That's one thing you're gonna have to live with, but murder charge isn't.
Over half of these interviews are the talks before Jackson has passed away, the other half are about the regret of his departure.
to get on someone's backTo get on someone's back "I really don't like to get on Henry's back all the time.
37. Functions of one Political Affairs Officer (P-3) will be subsumed within the existing staffing establishment and the position is therefore proposed to be abolished.
As set out in the report of the Secretary-General on flexible workplace (A/68/387), the implementation of flexible workplace strategies is anticipated to reduce the overall space requirement by 20 per cent.
Brazil
Empirical evidence shows us that our urbanized patterns of production and consumption, based on fossil fuels, have distorted climate patterns and intensified so-called natural disasters.
The bigger, longer-term questions over housing are complicated by aspects of China's hybrid, and relatively poor, economy, which is three decades into a still-unfinished transition from socialist central planning to a market-based system.
9. In 2004 the Department of Peacekeeping Operations received 16 allegations against civilians, 9 allegations against civilian police and 80 allegations against military personnel, for a total of 105 allegations.
Audit reports disclosed to Member States during 2011
756. The Committee takes note of the State party's efforts made to raise awareness of the Convention through seminars and workshops.
The Managing Director informed the Panel on two occasions that he had taken the request to the Board of Directors, which had asked him to consult with a broader audience.
A country that seeks to focus on its own enormous development challenges should do everything it can to defuse hostility on its borders.
I am happy to add to those.
Third, DFA model can be used not only from the regulator's viewpoint to monitor the solvency, but also from the board of the company to value the influence of different strategies.
10. Expresses support for the work conducted in 2010 by the Group of Governmental Experts of the High Contracting Parties to the Convention to continue its negotiations to address urgently the humanitarian impact of cluster munitions, while striking a balance between military and humanitarian considerations, in accordance with the mandate given to it by the Meeting of the High Contracting Parties in November 2009;
Drug control strategies formulated and implemented
The fourth to Izri, he, his sons, and his brethren, were twelve
She devolved her life to charity.
' Here the honest but inflexible servant clapped the door to and bolted it within.
Provision of military expertise to peacekeeping operational activities as identified by risk analysis
Articles 7 to 9
Highlight the importance of North South Cooperation being aligned with national development priorities of recipient countries as well as the importance of increasing the efficiency of development assistance.
 Adopted decision 94/20 of 16 June 1994 on the work plan for 1995-1998 and request for programme expenditure authority;
2.1 The complainant submits that he had nine friends who worked for the intelligence service of Saddam Hussein and served in his palaces.
31. At 1221, 1311 and 1325 hours on 16 September 1998, United States aircraft violated Iraqi airspace over Umm Qasr.
"Another candidate, an account manager for a well-known PR agency, was forced to resign when she described her boss as a 'bitch from hell' and her employer as 'a bunch of cowboys'," Media Contacts said
66. The Secretariat briefed participants on the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/295 on 13 September 2007.
Item 11. Matters related to intergovernmental, non-governmental, governmental and other organizations
Safety and securityd
Present it, if you will, to your governor.
Given the transitional state of Liberian firearms-control legislation and the uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the trial of former President Charles Taylor, retaining the arms embargo is a prudent approach.
The Council requested the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States and to present a report with proposals on the mandate, composition and modalities of work of such an advisory group, taking into account those views, for the Council's consideration.
STFA ELTA did not provide copies of the taking over certificate or the final acceptance certificate for the projects, which would constitute a formal recognition by the Iraqi employer that STFA ELTA was entitled to payment of the retention money under the project contracts.
A. Membership
Child poverty may be considered as beginning in the womb, since poverty experienced by pregnant mothers has been linked to the life chances of their children and grandchildren.
Please convey my congratulations to your Ted.
United Nations peacekeeping operations (30 May 1990; 12 December 2012)
(d) (i) Increased number of countries using UNCTAD policy measures and tools in the design of policies aimed at strengthening entrepreneurship and the competitiveness of their firms
What do I have to have to rent - a - car?
A/CONF.207/CRP.1
Resource allocation is aligned with priorities of UN-Women Strategic Plan 2011-2013 as approved by the Executive Board
The amount of water which is required for irrigation depends on a number of factors.
(d) Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind;
However, these differences can be narrowed down and common understandings can be expanded as long as we continue the process of talks.
just one thing Yeah   I forgot   you have this way of lining up my knuckles And kind of grinding them.
On the hand seasonal how can ~ treat long vesicle?
14. Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that the major advantage of the accelerated strategy IV was that the entire project would be completed in five years, rather than seven (in 2013, rather than in 2015), thus reducing the disruption to the operations of the Organization by two years.
22. Three area-based projects that address food security and environmental, watershed and natural resource management issues through integrated approaches are being implemented in the Dry Zone, southern Shan State and the Ayeyarwaddy Delta.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 59.
Women have equal access to healthcare resources with special attention paid to the healthcare needs of women.
B. Draft decision XXV/-: Non-compliance with the Montreal Protocol by Azerbaijan
Often, the calculus obstructs a duct, resulting in secondary inflammation of the affected salivary gland which then becomes suppurative.
The unit was stationed in Malakal and provided river patrols as part of the operational requirements.
Scan a photo and attach it to an e-mail
38. In the medium-to-long term, priorities are related to the need to strengthen the overall capacity of the justice sector, including through the revision of legal frameworks, such as the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Code of Judicial Costs, ensuring their harmonization with international legal and human rights instruments.
The proposed activities would assist it to determine whether any environmental damage had been caused and, if so, whether the damage posed significant health risks.
The foregoing discussion of international law, especially the "six-prong test", will be applied to each of these situations.
The frame consists of three elements:
FSE tourism that reflects the needs of tourists have being a great development.
178. This ongoing capacity is particularly important given the Division's additional workload of supporting two large Departments, field missions and Member States.
In conclusion, Egypt, as one of the sponsors of draft resolution A/49/L.14/Rev.1, calls upon the General Assembly to adopt the resolution unanimously, as an expression of international support for the people and Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina in their present plight.
The services assist persons with disabilities with employment preparation, including training and work trials, job search and placement, and ongoing support in the workplace for as long as required.
3. To work with the international community towards good governance of globalization by addressing the deficit of democracy and enhancing full and effective participation of developing countries in international economic decision making and norm setting, as well as enhancing transparency in the international financial, monetary and trading systems.
The little boy sat straight up, smiling. Oh, thank you daddy
Method: to avoid light cool dry place.
The argument about whether keep making use of throwaway chopsticks has lasted for years.
The author believes that the concept of mobilization originated in the military field.
56. Adequate financial and human resources must be provided to the secretariat to enable it to perform the functions assigned to it in the present terms of reference.
Support for the United Nations and its legitimacy remains a paramount priority.
The substantive security measures of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) focus on maintaining the security of the ship at all times.
Argentina thus strongly supported the work of the Special Rapporteurs and recognized the valuable contribution of the International Criminal Court.
Perhaps you could join us?
The Chinese delegation wishes to take this opportunity to thank Ambassador Takasu, chairman of the PBC, for his efficient work.
CRPD (2009) CPED (2009) ICRMW
Compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements.
:: 470,016 person-hours (police and military) of close protection/escorts for key national stakeholders, as well as perimeter protection to identified national installations
Of course, if you can afford to live there, Paris remains a great place to be.
(9) Furthermore, although it seems wise to encourage the giving of reasons, this practice must not, in the Commission's view, become a convenient smokescreen used to justify the formulation of general or vague reservations.
In regard to coordination by the United Nations system, although much has been achieved in the past five years, there is a continuing need for support and coordination at the country level, a challenge that will need to be further addressed.
The screening of PNTL officers is progressing steadily.
OV
If withdrawal took place, the Security Council should consider the full range of options available under the Charter and warranted by the circumstances, particularly if a State withdrawing from the Treaty had breached obligations that it had not only freely assumed, but that other States parties had taken into account when determining how to protect their own security.
China want to be developed country from developing country,it must focus on develop the third product .
The 21-year-old owns "about 30" pairs of heels, but she is by no means a rarity: a survey of more than 450 Australian women found 32 per cent owned between 26 and 50 pairs of heels, while 31 per cent owned between 11 and 25 pairs
With respect to religion, 29 per cent of the population identified itself as Anglican, and 24 per cent as Methodist.
Advisory services, technical cooperation and field activities
You have big gaps in what you need.
Much depends on how Nadal does during the fall.
She was lucky enough to get the job by a fluke.
The judges are not remunerated for being on the roster, and receive compensation only for the days on which they are called upon to exercise their functions.
Authorities have not yet enacted legislation in this regard due to limited capacity.
But the form of such protection has been the subject of protracted debate.
Table 11.16
The Government is also endeavouring to address youth unemployment.
UNICEF was requested to strengthen its commitment to United Nations system-wide coherence and cooperation with other agencies on the ground.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace.
It's 100 degrees in here.
2. By its decision 2007/254, the Council recommended that the General Assembly, at its sixty-second session, decide on the question of enlarging the membership of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from 72 to 76 States.
International Flight Flight Number Round-Trip Ticket Business Class Domestic Flight One-Way Ticket First Class Economy Classwww..net Lavatory Occupied Vacantwww..net Stewardess Steward Customs Service Area Currency Declaration Duty-Free Items Dutiable Goods Sightseeing Checked baggage Baggage claim area Carry-on baggage Baggage Tag Luggage Cart Currency Exchange Shop Exchange rate
Security Service
CONDRAF - Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Rural - the National Council for Rural Development
UNHCR to develop and disseminate guidelines to clarify the procedural aspects of exclusion in the context of group determination on a prima facie basis.
This gap in the interval described as a fact not a matter of chance will involve the interests of the main news related disputes.
Attitudes have the tendency to be infectious, and because they are rooted in emotional interpretation of experiences, they can be distorted and shaped; they can be wound up or wound down.
So, Missus Wright said she would make one for them.
At this point I heard a gale of raucous laughter.
He scrupulously avoided politics.
The Committee requests that efforts continue to be made to avoid duplication and overlapping.
The adoption of a comprehensive Child Rights Bill by Parliament and the reform of the juvenile justice system remain, however, urgent priorities.
99. Several ICT managers indicated that the information provided to them by IMIS did not give them clear reporting on their ICT expenditures, because the system is based on recording items against objects of expenditure, without the capability to trace costs by function.
Universal Periodic Review
53. The United Nations Mine Action Coordination Centre (UNMACC) in Tyre had, as of 23 September 2006, recorded and confirmed 590 individual cluster bomb strike locations, mainly in built-up and agricultural areas, and UNMACC was continuing to discover additional strike locations.
(a) The adoption of the Law on Equal Opportunities which came into force on 1 January 2005 and which prohibits any direct or indirect discrimination based on age, sexual orientation, disability, racial or ethnic origin, religion, or beliefs;
MONDAY, 23 NOVEMBER 1998 39th and 40th meetings
Unfortunately, a reciprocal pilgrimage by 600 Greek Cypriots to the church of Apostolos Andreas in the Karpas Peninsula, which was scheduled for Orthodox Easter on 27 April, was cancelled at the last moment by the Greek Cypriot side because the authorities in the north insisted on the deletion of three individuals from the list of participants.
For pre-paid expenses claim see paragraph 108 of the report.
We encountered a difficult opponent in the finals.
54. UNITAR also held a number of workshops and seminars at United Nations Headquarters, including the UNITAR series on key migration issues, the peace and security series, the series on international economics and finance, and the series on negotiation in a multilateral context.
In 2007, UNFPA plans to launch a new Intranet knowledge-sharing/knowledge-management website that will enhance staff ability to support South-South cooperation.
If a borrower cannot repay the guaranteed loan on time, the commercial bank which issues the loan has the right to ask the guarantor to repay the principal and interest of the loan or enjoy the priority of repayment by security in accordance with law.
That can strain the emotions and result in awkward negotiations about subjects like dating.
The first method, got the type of printer by fuzzy evaluation of correlative specific area of character image.
Various responsibilities:
But that behavior turns people into twitchy, record-keeping, blame- tallying masses of ectoplasm.
(c) The passage of the Human Rights Act 1993 which amalgamated the Race Relations Act 1971 and the Human Rights Commission Act 1977.
CONTRACTS
Communication No. 1792/2008, Dauphin v. Canada (Views adopted on 28 July 2009, Ninety-sixth session) 427
Indigenous issues: report of the Third Committee (A/63/427) [61]
 At the invitation of the General Prosecutor of Mexico City, a member of the Branch contributed to the Conference on Urban Crime and delivered a lecture on criminal justice statistics and crime in the largest cities (Mexico City, 21-25 June 1993).
We may define the energy of anything as its  capacity  for doing work.
Our love has finished forever
United Arab Emirates*
Bosnia and Herzegovina will for the first time have a programme that foresees a more coherent and efficient service provision based on a partnership between the governmental and non-governmental sectors.
Corporate governance disclosures and corporate responsibility reporting
7. The Secretary-General addressed the Special Committee at its 1st meeting, on 24 February 2011.
19. The Territory's tourism sector began serious development with the opening of a Club Mediterran\x{5daa} a decade ago, followed by the Turquoise Reef Club on Providenciales in 1990.
The sum of money prize for a patent for invention shall be no less than 2,000 Yuan; the sum of money prize for a patent for utility model or design shall be no less than 500 Yuan.
However, the report does not explore whether the occurrence of recommendations on policy directives is related to the type or level at which an evaluation is conducted.
(i) Medical care services.
In order to progress the second reading, it was ultimately agreed to leave article 7(1) open for further deliberation.
Information on specific cases of data exchange cannot be disclosed due to confidentiality rules.
The Queen's closet
"Well, there was a big burly nurse shouting questions at me" said Michael.
The Mother/Child Pass programme provides for gratuitous medical check-ups of the pregnant mother as well as of the child up to the age of 5.
The Administration explained that the discrepancy in expenditures was due to some technical problems during the transfer of expenditure data into the new system.
A few hours after her arrival, the crisis centre was telephoned by the director of a kindergarten, who reported that the husband had attempted to force the kindergarten to accept their daughter, saying that her mother had left her alone and escaped to the centre.
Almost one month after a deadly tsunami struck the shores of a dozen Indian Ocean countries, estimates of the dead and injured are running as high as 290,000.
(f) Produced 10 issues of its regular e-bulletin to share research findings and other information with a wide audience.
the cost of teaching one student, or the research of one member of staff, in a particular discipline compared with that in a reference discipline (often taken as humanities). Also used between levels
Detailed information on technical assistance activities of UNODC is provided in reports of the Secretary-General submitted to the General Assembly (A/58/165, A/59/204 and A/60/131) and the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (E/CN.15/2002/10, E/CN.15/2003/5, E/CN.15/2004/5 and E/CN.15/2005/6).
2  She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are on her cheeks: among all her lovers she hath none to comfort her: all her friends have dealt treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.
It seems-- That his experiments have very considerably advanced the cause of science, doubtless
(a) The invasion or attack by the armed forces of a State of the territory of another State or any military occupation, however temporary, resulting from such invasion or attack, or any annexation by the use of force of the territory of another State or part thereof;
728. The frustration stemming from poverty and unemployment serves as a roadblock, preventing a substantial number of younger people from active participation in the life of society.
India–Japan relations
We appreciate the emphasis placed by the Secretary-General on development.
There some loudly expressed about kind of power China will become.
It recognizes the fact already recognized at the forty-eighth session of the General Assembly that there remain in Central America major obstacles to the full exercise of peace, freedom, democracy and development.
And yet what are dreams?
I'm talking about a walk in the park for twenty minutes every day.
With the help of email, people far apart can communicate with each other without any problems.
The Chair confirmed that the paper was a work in progress and would be included in the compilation of procedures and policy guidance that was being developed to facilitate the work of the Committee and to help ensure transparency and consistency.
His Government contributed to global efforts to prevent the financing of terrorism through money-laundering in cooperation with its international partners, including FATF, and within the framework of its landmark law on terrorism, the Human Security Act.
13. As a result of its review, the secretariat noted that a clerical error was made in the processing of the claim that warrants correction under article 41 of the Rules.
We propose an early holiday in the spring.
Dan, we'll handle it from here.
When the conference opened, the atmosphere was electric, almost as if it were a rock concert for policy makers.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/62/16 (Chap. III B)))
If you insist to transport by sea, we will change the means of delivery, but the insurance is for you to bear.
Pump and motor axles are concentric.
March
The organization educated 18,161 teenage girls about issues related to responsible sexual behaviour (2,200 sessions on the topic were imparted).
The objective of the Conference was to review the implementation of the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies within the subregion.
Samoaa, c
 93. A majority of the ESCAP developing countries are members of one of the four active subregional organizations - namely, the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN), Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO), the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC), and the South Pacific Forum.
Mr. Cephas Lumina, Independent expert on the effects of foreign debt and other related international financial obligations of States on the full enjoyment of all human rights, particularly economic, social and cultural rights
English Schools Foundation
(d) Ensure the imposition of fines and criminal sanctions to persons making use of illegal child labour;
One spot specifically stressed the importance of women's participation in the elections.
Both the Consulting Actuary and the Rapporteur of the Committee of Actuaries expressed the view that the set of assumptions used in the Regular Valuation was appropriate, when all its elements were considered as a whole.
This means the baseline is established using existing data and accounts for the recent growth in sectors that will rely on HFCs in the near future.
Application: black non ferrous alloy wire, sample, tube, etc.
All observers agreed that this is a major problem which should be given priority.
Moreover, there was nothing more detrimental to combating terrorism than a perception that it was religiously or politically motivated, or directed against a certain people, religion or region.
Gross
What makes seashore paspalum so special is that it can survive and thrive in high-salt environments. So brackish water or partially salty water can be used to irrigate this grass.
Objective To study the morbidity clinical features and operative results of senile patients with meningiomas.
Draft resolution on the United Nations System Staff College in Turin, Italy
Its preparation, evaluation and updating are shared not only by ministries and lower levels of State administration directly responsible for the formal and actual state of equality between men and women, but also the interested public, particularly nongovernmental organizations of women and social partners (i.e. trade unions and employers' organizations);
High time you made her your wife.
Agenda item 84: The scope and application of the principle of universal jurisdiction (continued) (A/66/93 and Add.1)
Any item proposed by the Secretary-General relating to his functions under the Convention or these Rules.
Some of the most intelligent men and women in the country live and work here.
9. We recognize the role of individuals and groups outside the public sector, such as civil society, non-governmental organizations and community-based organizations, in contributing to the prevention of and the fight against crime and terrorism.
(c) Substantive inputs and assistance to promote networking among institutions engaged in providing biodiversity services, and information and data products.
Article 41 The department of tobacco monopoly administration shall have the right to carry out inspection on the implementation of this Law.
Mr. X substituted for the teacher who was in hospital.
Doctors said survivors were too weak to see visitors.
That call is consistent with the one made by the Secretary-General on Member States to bring the trade in small arms and light weapons back under the control of States, with States being made accountable for their transfer.
Caterer thought he was hitting on him.
This would in particular accommodate the need of European Union Member States to surrender certified emission reductions (CERs) from CDM projects under the European Union emissions trading scheme by 30 April 2007.
666. The principles of the bill include the principle of equality, with the incorporation of a differential approach for purposes of its application.
The garden was made gallant with tulips.
Centro de Estudios sobre Asia y Oceania
A. Presentation by the State under review
1. We observe that there are wide-ranging social problems in most contemporary societies:
C. Procedural rules
10 per cent decrease in the percentage of crimes committed in refugee camps and internally displaced persons sites, key towns and on humanitarian delivery routes between towns in eastern Chad compared to the 2008/09 period (2007/08: 271; 2008/09: 203; 2009/10: 183)
Very often manic depressives are highly creative, but that's usually during their manic phases.
A Recommendations addressed to the Government of Guinea 57 13
In accordance with United Nations accounting policies, non-expendable property is charged against the current allotment in the year of purchase.
Shoshone County, Idaho
J. G. Meakin, Ironstone, Avondale, covered sugar.
The new digital er
The Centre plans to hold another meeting in October 1999 to review substantive and organizational aspects of the workshop.
I knew it would be!
76. UNIDO had taken commendable steps to mobilize funds for programme activities from international sources and donor countries and organizations.
Sadly, the people of Lebanon have once again been subjected to war and indiscriminate bombing, which have caused enormous suffering and the deaths of innocent people, including children and the elderly, as well as severe damage to and destruction of property and infrastructure.
Family heads occupy 40% of the number of registered unemployed people.
It was totally irrational to suggest that a Territory could be decolonized by applying the principle of territorial integrity unless it was with the democratically expressed consent of the inhabitants.
In Republika Srpska in 1996 there were 6415 new marriages, and in 2002 there were 8003, which indicates to the increase in the number of new contracted marriages.
49. In late October 2005 the New York-based NGO Human Rights Watch alleged that there had been renewed recruitment of youth in Liberia for military services in Côte d'Ivoire.
Recommendation 4.
It does so in a clear, concise and robust manner.
Annex I countriesc,d
We have the first - class specialized design talented person, the material analysis, the technologist.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1861 (2009), by which the Council requested me to report every three months on the security and humanitarian situation in eastern Chad and the north-eastern Central African Republic, the implementation of relevant agreements and the status of refugees and internally displaced persons.
It provides an update on the implementation by the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors, as contained in its report for the biennium 2000-2001 (DP/2002/35).
The Committee is also concerned at reports of discrimination in employment experienced by persons with immigrant backgrounds (arts. 2 and 26).
40. Ms. Ausiku (Namibia) said that the Government had developed a document in 2004 to monitor the situation of poverty reduction in collaboration with the national planning commission.
No. An employer must not make any form of payment to an employee in lieu of a statutory holiday.
7. It was recommended that the first cycle could possibly begin in 2013, and it was reiterated that the review mechanism should be effective, efficient, sustainable and impartial.
I understand that the group of five ambassadors has been continuing its consultations and I, for my part, have actively encouraged them to do so, with a view to helping the Conference get over its procedural impasse.
His performance at the concert was well under par.
Imagine you don't know what this idiom means; by looking at the words preceding it should be easy to guess that the speaker does not want you to tell Tom about the surprise party.
This achievement provides confidence as well as an opportunity to further research into the development of other artificial materials for traditional Chinese medicine, such as tiger bones and rhinoceros horn, both of which are endangered species.18.
Every day he queues patiently at the bus stop.
A CAT Scan is a good assist in helping us diagnose your father's illness.
Once we have a deck array built, we can easily shuffle the deck and draw a random card.
Conclusion of this study has a certain reference value for the website providing professional services of Chinese enterprises to develop marketing to explore their online market.
The pre-session documentation requirement would comprise 1115 pages, 75 pages of which would require translation.
You also spent some time troubleshooting a system that had some performance problems that you were able to pin (pardon the pun) on virtual memory.
Recognizing that ensuring the right to education in emergency situations requires specifically designed, flexible and inclusive approaches consistent with protection needs, conflict mitigation initiatives and disaster risk reduction considerations,
You must learn to see your life from the view of a stranger... So you can gain a new perspective of what needs to be done to ensure future happiness prosperity.
The case, which IMO had lost before UNAT, involved a comparatively high proportion of General Service staff.
According to the mag, Jason reportedly flew in a red-velvet cake from Los Angeles to celebrate the singer's birthday.
Don't know how long we'll be trapped for.
- family allowance was paid for 1 034 400 children and to 569 633 families
One of the most important programmes was the live radio project, which enjoyed an audience of 50 million in Nigeria alone.
43. The Government undertakes to:
Goal 3. In 108 countries, the majority of Brahma Kumaris centres are administered by women.
The staff member resigned on 2 May 2008.
43. Trail Smelter case.
Auxins
The Presiding Judge in the case has been working part time since June 2009.
3. Also at its opening plenary meeting, the Board completed the election of officers to serve on the Bureau of the Board at its fifty-first session by electing 10 Vice-Presidents and the Rapporteur.
Gender 44
The Working Group considers that at a later stage a clearer framework for redress and remedies for past injustices may be disseminated to form a basis for an international political decision.
Climatological Information for San Antonio, United States
An microwave digest - atomic absorption method is firstly proposed for the determination of Aluminium in beer.
Even though I eager to earn 50 dollars every minute, I won't do short - term investment.
During the period, the Labour Inspectorate of the Ministry of Labour and Social Policy did not submit a request for initiating criminal proceedings under the Law on Gender Equality.
Another improvement would be the modification of article 116, paragraph 2, of the Constitution, which had provided for some exceptions to the principle of equality during a transitional period of adaptation of legislation.
90. Agencies conducted multisectoral assessments for IDPs in the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, resulting in stronger and more comprehensive HIV programmes for IDPs.
(a) Strengthened capacity of Latin American and Caribbean countries to adopt new approaches and address emerging issues regarding development planning at the national and subnational levels, results-based budgeting and public administration
4. Expert services
It's up to Palin, GOP pollster David Winston said, to take charge of the discourse and transition into more policy-heavy discussions.
The United States reiterates its demand that those responsible for perpetrating the action against the Burundi Government reveal the whereabouts and fate of all Government officials and others who may have been taken prisoner or disappeared during this action.
later: Mr. Balarezo (Peru)
In its report, the Board of Auditors presented its observations on procurement and contract management, including deficiencies in the bidding process (including time frames for potential vendors to bid that were shorter than recommended in the Procurement Manual and the inconsistent acceptance of late bids) and problems with the Headquarters Committee on Contracts process (for example, no mechanism was in place to track the execution of the recommendations of the Headquarters Committee).
It is not what Europeans call an Opera, but a little drama set to music.
While nobody can predict the exact movement of gold, and, like any investment, investing in gold does have risks, many experts agree that gold should be considered as part of a diversified portfolio.
It is standard practice in the Cook Islands for implementing legislation to be enacted by the Cook Islands Parliament to give domestic effect to treaties prior to the Cook Islands acceding to or ratifying treaties or, as hitherto had been the case, being bound to treaties through New Zealand.
Once a week they have a bathing day which is an unofficial day-off. The members of the ship’s company bathe and clean up the ship, especially the deck.
44. The anticipated unencumbered balance for 2012-2013 is attributable mainly to a decrease in the amount of travel to the Middle East and Asia as the Group of Experts focused more on investigations in West Africa and Europe.
In 2005, by contrast, that percentage has declined to only about 37 per cent of the Organization's current regular budget and to about 45 per cent of its peacekeeping operations budget.
This has to be read with the complementary provision, article 13 (4), which affirms "the liberty of individuals and bodies to establish and direct educational institutions", provided the institutions conform to the educational objectives set out in article 13 (1) and certain minimum standards.
Noting the activities developing within the concerned multilateral bodies and relevant subregional and regional organizations, and recognizing the need to promote collaboration between the United Nations and other international bodies dealing with cooperation in tax matters,
Another reason people like such activities is that these activities often require a certain amount of skill.
246. Pending the enactment and commencement of the new legislation and with a view to improving processing in the area of international protection, it is proposed to introduce new arrangements for the processing of subsidiary protection applications in light of recent judgments in the Superior Courts.
Md. 82 Mount-Gun
In particular, an excessive accumulation of arms in a country can have a negative impact on its development.
The ideas and ways of yesterday will not lead the people of Cyprus towards the realization of the Cyprus they want to build.
(b) That this decision shall be communicated to the State party and to the complainant.
Rule 83
At its opening plenary meeting, on 7 February 2008, the Commission elected the following officers to serve on its Bureau:
But since the aim of current policy has been to transfer money to banks, what is the point of taking it back again?
B : We plan to use cardboard boxes with double iron straps for reinforcement.
The Permanent Representative of Turkey to the United Nations presents his compliments to the Chairman of the Committee and, with reference to the letter of 16 July 2004 from the Chairman, has the honour to submit herewith the fourth report of Turkey, which provides information on issues raised by the Committee (see enclosure).
Critical areas should be excluded from the freeze, so that the Tribunals would be able to complete their work on time.
214. The Committee is equally concerned at the lack of awareness, in general, of the Convention, its Optional Protocol and the Committee's views on communications considered in the State party, especially in the judiciary.
48. Mr. Victor Vasiliev of the Russian Mission to the Conference on Disarmament discussed how a treaty prohibiting the placement of weapons in space is essential.
It is undeniable that the presence of a robustly equipped force in Bunia, under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, helped to stave off an impending humanitarian crisis.
Table 4: Views of various categories of UNODC employees on coordination issues (in percentage)
50. Other case studies have indicated that provision of Internet access alone may not bring significant benefits to micro-enterprises; other support and tailored information appear to be needed.
Recommendations on accountability as related to the children and armed conflict agenda are available in the report of the first workshop on children and armed conflict organized at Princeton University, at which participants considered how to deal with persistent perpetrators (see A/67/794-S/2013/158, annex).
`Here, John, don't `ee see me?
61. From the outset, the ONUB-MONUC investigation team faced a number of difficulties beyond its control that limited its ability to collect and analyse information crucial to identifying those responsible.
Colombia highlighted in that context the establishment of an interagency committee on preventing and combating terrorism, terrorist financing and related serious crimes, as well as the development of a technical tool for simulating criminal investigations into terrorism, the financing of terrorism, money-laundering and extortion.
Under this Act, a public or religious association or other organization may be liquidated, and the activities of a public association which is not a body corporate may be prohibited by decision of a court, on the basis of an application by the Procurator-General of the Russian Federation or by a procurator under his authority and also on the basis of an application by a federal executive body in the field of justice or a territorial organ thereof.
Provision of support (financial, military, logistical, other) to militia groups and other parties that are engaging in ongoing hostilities.
b/ Currency codes: BHD (Bahrain dinar), CHF (Swiss franc), CYP (Cyprus pound), DEM (Deutsche mark), DKK (Danish krone), FRF (French franc), GBP (Pound sterling), GRD (Drachma), ILS (New shekel), IQD (Iraqi dinar), ITL (Italian lira), JPY (Yen), NLG (Guilder), TBH (Baht), SAR (Saudi Arabian riyal), USD (United States dollar).
No one minds when you kill an old person.
At its fiftyfifth session, the General Assembly noted this initiative with satisfaction in its resolution 55/97 (for further details, see A/55/280, paras. 121132).
It is already in early talks with “interested parties”, Ford said.
United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG)
?
(c) Investment Officer (P-4) -- Trade Execution Officer, to direct and oversee the Trade Execution Team, and to be responsible for the timely, accurate and efficient execution of equity and fixed income securities, as directed by the Investment Officer, with the goal of achieving best execution and minimizing transaction costs;
The Government is currently renovating prisons.
Two of those aircraft flew over the areas of Famagusta and Kyrenia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus.
24 October 2011
22. The Committee also notes the establishment by royal decree in 2004 of a human rights commission, which is tasked with the implementation of the human rights commitments of the State party, and a national society for human rights.
The vehicles returned into occupied territory at 2130 hours.
29. On the issue of humanitarian access, my Special Adviser and other members of the United Nations, including the Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator, stressed repeatedly in their meetings with representatives of the Government of Myanmar and other parties the need for humanitarian actors to be granted unimpeded access to all areas, including Kachin State, where over 65,000 people were displaced as at July 2012.
24. Mr. Zoumanigui (Guinea) said that those participating in armed conflicts in Africa and elsewhere often acted in a way that could not be described as natural -- for example, when they amputated the limbs of innocent civilians -- and were clearly acting under the influence of drugs.
Conference and support services extended to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001)
I shall put the nine draft resolutions and two draft decisions to the Assembly one by one.
The right to water clearly falls within the category of guarantees essential for securing an adequate standard of living, particularly since it is one of the most fundamental conditions for survival.
Aren't you the beautiful bride?
Contracts for assignment of patent rights shall be recorded with the Patent Office in accordance with provisions of the "Patent Law of the People's Republic of China", and those for licensing of the trademarks shall be recorded with the Trademark Office in accordance with provisions of the "Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China".
Afghanistan Afghani Albania
Send electronic greeting cards.
On hearing this news, Mrs. Kroutovertseva began to hit him.
We still don't have the wireless network.
64. Governments should take steps to strengthen solidarity among generations and intergenerational partnerships through the promotion of activities that support intergenerational communication and understanding, and should encourage mutually responsive relationships between generations.
84. The estimated value of non-budgeted contributions for the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009 is as follows:
Feeling dejected on putting on weight again and could not maintain the lasting shaped body?
5. fight back tears Bill fought back his tears and tried to comfort Sarahs mother
Melinda: You still have some time to cram.
In that regard, she welcomed the ongoing improvements to the safety standards of IAEA and their application.
New Zealand
All good things are cheap, all bad things are very dear.--Henry David Thoreau, American writer
"Due to the movement of the water, an aerosol is created that carries these organisms down into your lungs or other orifices - something that doesn't happen in a regular tub," Moyes explained.
People who think something “can’t be done” simply can’t do it themselves.
9 October 2013
They called for all parties to unconditionally guarantee full access as well as the security of humanitarian workers and United Nations personnel, for the immediate release of hostages, and for perpetrators to be brought to justice.
UNIFEM United Nations Fund for Women
This is me being scared of your dad.
I was sitting in my car at a stoplight intersection listening to the radio.
The number of children and adolescents attended by the program went from over 15,500 in 2005 to 65,900 in 2008.
2. At its 3rd meeting, on 19 April, the Commission considered the item jointly with items 3, 5 and 6 and heard presentations by Navid Hanif (Pakistan, Co-Chairman, Ad Hoc Inter-sessional Working Group on Consumption and Production Patterns and on Tourism, as well as by Alan Simcock (United Kingdom) and John Ashe (Antigua and Barbuda), Co-Chairmen, Ad Hoc Inter-sessional Working Group on Oceans and Seas (see chap. IV, para. 2; chap. VI, para. 2; and chap. VII, para. 2).
Several representatives welcomed the opportunity to enhance regional representation through changes to the operations of the Open-ended Working Group.
While reporting has improved in some areas, UNIFEM internal systems and capacities need significant improvement to enhance both quality and timeliness.
Domestic waste generated in 1996 amounted to 519,900 tons and to 270,100 tons in 1997.
In any given case proceedings, the Pre-Trial Judge or a Chamber may decide that one or two of the languages may be used as working languages as appropriate.
United States Air Force Basic Military Training
Forty-five years after the conclusion of the Treaty, negotiations on effective measures for stopping the arms race and achieving nuclear disarmament had not yet begun.
"Without geography, our young people are not ready to face the challenges of the increasingly interconnected and competitive world.
2018 NBA draft
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
65. The United Kingdom, he pointed out, welcomed the progress that was being made in the constitutional review process.
Bearing in mind the challenges still faced by all countries throughout the world to overcome inequality between men and women,
Agenda item 115: Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors (continued) (A/61/5 (Vol. II), A/61/811 and A/61/866)
Provision for VAT doubtful debts
 The Advisory Group therefore recommends:
The Secretary had therefore suspended the processing of any further transfers under the three agreements effective 2 January 1992.
:: Advice through 4 meetings provided to the oversight bodies on the drafting and approval of a user's guide on court inspection
  （4）The persons responsible for conservation of ancient and famous trees and ancient trees'follow-up resources in residential districts are the property management enterprises entrusted by the proprietors.
5.90 The overall purpose of UNTSO is to observe and maintain the unconditional ceasefire and assist the parties to the 1949 Armistice Agreements in the supervision of the application and observance of the terms of those Agreements in accordance with Security Council resolution 73 (1949).
The Advisory Committee recalls its comments with regard to the damage to the Lajuad archaeological sites (A/62/781/Add.3, paras. 37 and 38).
In resolution 2035 (2012) the Council took some of those recommendations into account.
Mission financial accounts maintained and statutory functions performed
The detailed working hours of the Conference will be indicated in a timetable to be circulated prior to the Conference;
Being at his wit's end, he is asking anyone he can think of for help.
At a time when worker frustration and disillusionment is being expressed in elections across the world, this goal could not be more important.
The DeclarationAlso, it welcomes one of the most greatest successful achievements of the Conference: the adoption and signing of the Framework Convention for the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Carpathiansthe Framework Convention on the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Carpathians.
The Commission may wish to consider, with a view to endorsing, the report of the Meeting and to provide the secretariat with further guidance on its work.
(g) $103.9 million has been transferred directly to the escrow account established pursuant to resolutions 706 (1991) of 15 August 1991 and 712 (1991) of 19 September 1991 for the repayments envisaged under paragraph 6 of resolution 778 (1992) of 2 October 1992, as specified in paragraph 8 (g) of resolution 986 (1995) and subsequently in paragraph 34 of my report of 25 November 1996 (S/1996/978).
Tribhanga
(a) Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly;
74. Ms. Šimonović (Croatia) said that her country gave high priority to the question of women's equality, a fact reflected in the adoption of two new laws on gender equality and on protection against domestic violence.
C. Pharmacy
The contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2007 amounted to $10,193 million, which represents management's estimate of the upper limit of the financial exposure inclusive of costs and disbursements in relation to currently pending litigation and claims.
This allows for a phased approach to wastewater management, as even preliminary or primary treatment can bring significant benefits.
3. Reaffirms its determination to advance and strengthen the global partnership for development as the centrepiece of cooperation in the years ahead, as reaffirmed in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, the Monterrey Consensus, the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development ("Johannesburg Plan of Implementation"), the 2005 World Summit Outcome, the Doha Declaration on Financing for Development: outcome document of the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, the outcome document of the Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and Its Impact on Development, the outcome document of the High-level Plenary Meeting of the General Assembly on the Millennium Development Goals, entitled "Keeping the promise: united to achieve the Millennium Development Goals", and the outcome document of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, entitled "The future we want";
In Panama, UNODC began implementation of a project in the framework of achieving the Millennium Development Goals; the project is aimed at improving citizen security.
Since 1997, considerable efforts have been made to strengthen the strategic planning aspect of the process.
Membership and attendance
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs made an introductory statement.
Let us reseat ourselves and hear the last part of the music.
We hope that the process will be extended to other areas of conventional disarmament, leading to the goal of general and complete disarmament.
I recommend that each transaction you check into the repository should correspond to one task.
Tax Inspector tax investigation tax liabilit
 8. Development of prevention programmes has been stepped up through the National Committee for the Study of Drug-related Offences, an inter-agency committee established by Act No. 23 of 30 December 1986, better known as the Drug Act.
Thematic focus: IdemWater, energy, biodiversity, climate change.
More controversial is the broader effect of falling property prices on consumer spending.
Such impediments lay in the malfunctioning of international economic, financial and political systems, including the lack of democracy in global decision-making.
The Office of Equal Opportunity advertised the database to the parties at various levels (president, secretariat, local group chairpersons).
:: The report on the activities of the General Secretariat between sessions,
55. The Hyderabad question (16 September 1948; 24 May 1949).
That is just one reason Indonesia’s campaign of killing demands much more of the world’s attention, and censure, than it has so far received.
Gradually I picked up the basic skills to play the game.
Any seminal events that happened during your career to cause you to change direction and how that worked out for you.
Jasmine : That's what I'm here for.
The practitioner (or any other person or company) cannot make any additional charge for the service.
Their main functions are: (a) to collect, store and sort the data from LUTs and other MCCs; (b) to provide data exchange within the COSPAS-SARSAT system; and (c) to distribute alert and location data to associated RCCs or SPOCs.
Will you tell me what is going on between us?
Yogurt fruit of this kind of food is often can eat, children can eat some.
Accordingly, a special meeting on privatization was convened by the AALCC in Tokyo from 18 to 20 January 1994 in conjunction with its thirty-third annual session held there.
Pledges received for future years are recorded as deferred income.
The system would ensure that participants identified and remedied compliance issues and facilitated the sharing of best practices.
The State party refers, first of all, to the admissibility of the communication.
The meeting was resumed.
China has taken tough steps to stop North Koreans from entering the country.
 The General Assembly, in its resolution 50/136, had decided inter alia that the international community, and the United Nations in particular, should give the highest priority to programmes for combating racism and racial discrimination.
8. Mexico
And now his unrest had become sharp and painful, and he knew at last, clearly and definitely, that it was beauty, and intellect, and love that he must have.During those several weeks he saw Ruth half a dozen times, and each time was an added inspiration.
To the Jews, the Song is an allegory of their covenantal relationship with Yahweh; He is the Bridegroom, they are His bride.
Sixty-first session
Belarus
A group of Australian sea lions relax and frolic in a sea grass meadow near Little Hopkins Island South Australia.
1. Crime trends and crime prevention strategies.
鈥楴o锛孞oe锛孖'm sorry锛庘€欌€楶ip锛宱ld boy锛佲€橦is kind face looked very unhappy锛庘€業f you tell lies锛寃here do you think you'll go when you die锛熲€?
These must be adequately addressed.
2. New drug production trends and trafficking routes in West Africa
In addition, the State party should promote alternatives to imprisonment.
A little Texas accent flavored his sentences, cow twisted into kyow and wife coming out as waf.
Canada
Change Professional category and above ASG
This paper discusses the principle of wavelet analysis and the results of its application to exploration geophysics. It is pointed out that this technique has broad prospects.
The delegation was gratified to note the Fund’s cooperation with the United Nations Development Group and encouraged UNFPA to continue it.
Women and peace and security
I got my insulin , all right, but they broke all the damn needles.
Wednesday, 24 September 2014
In addition, it is essential that the standards developed in the United Nations should be taken up in discussions within individual countries about indigenous peoples, with a view to encouraging the authorities to take this issue into consideration at the national level.
The countervailing view was that, given its non-binding nature, such a recommendation would not be sufficient to ensure the degree of legal certainty required by parties engaging in international transactions.
Summary
Do you often find that your emotions are inappropriate for a given situation?
(United States dollars)
Argentina
Yuryuzan River
1920s in the Caribbean
As these employees are often closer to customers than those higher up, their collective knowledge about what the market is demanding is an important source of value.
66. With the 2007 revision of the Criminal Code, Domestic Violence became an autonomous and typified crime punishable by 1 to 5 years of imprisonment, detailing better what constitutes physical and psychological abuse; the category of victim was extended in order to include exspouses or persons with whom the victim maintains or has maintained a spousal relationship even if living in separate households.
In Ghana, a joint port control unit operating at the port of Tema was established and equipped in October 2008; it has also received theoretical and practical training.
A statement in the exercise of the right of reply was also made by the observer for Palestine.
I am delighted to be here to attend the 16th SAARC Summit in this beautiful city of Thimphu.
And we also wish you satisfy with this shipment.
Water Resource Information Links. 3. Alphabetical ordered retrieval.
The United Nations Representative and his co-chairs have continued consultations with the respective participants to break the deadlock.
Girls and boys enjoy the same opportunities of access to education from pre-school to university level.
Miss Fan and Luo continued to see each other in the company of Wen and Miss Zhou.
Although the Constitution claims that Urban Land-Ownership belongs to all people, but the right has not been a specific embodiment.
Mr Putin's hosting of the forum capped a week in which he dominated the international stage.
V. Relief and food aid
Some non-governmental organizations, such as Public Citizen, argue that they are worse off (see Wallach and Sforza, 1999), but they are probably wrong.
Cooperation in drafting model legislation on international cooperation should be promoted.
He is unwilling to accept advice.
(b) Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee);
It indicated to the Committee that the office of the Chancellor of Justice was considering a request from the complainant for compensation for the violation of his rights under the Convention.
553. It is proposed that general temporary assistance for four person-months of Auditor, four person-months of Investigator (P-3) and 12 person-months of Assistant (GS (OL)) be continued to support the Office during peak workload periods.
10. The representative of Canada noted that much work had been done internationally within the context of article 8 j of the Convention on Biological Diversity.
Then you don't understand it or how cruel the will that drives it.
III. Water and environment
Moreover, the legislature altered the system of military courts, in conformity with international fair trial standards, strengthening the independence of these courts and establishing a higher court of appeal to hear challenges brought against military court verdicts on point of law.
The creation of the United Nations Entity on Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women in July 2010 was a positive step forward in the promotion of literacy for girls and women.
Major accomplishments achieved in 2010 include the provision of technical advisory support to 17 Member States, the formalization of cooperation agreements for the establishment of five additional regional support offices, the provision of support for responding to 29 disasters, including the earthquake that hit Haiti in January, the improvement of the UN-SPIDER knowledge portal and the organization of and provision of support to international and regional workshops and expert meetings.
The Deputy Police Commissioner has a crucial role in the reform, restructuring and rebuilding of PNTL; serves as the focal point for the strategic planning and development of PNTL as well as the strengthening of the Secretariat of State for Security; oversees the implementation of the reform, restructuring and rebuilding plan and evaluates its progress to ascertain a holistic approach in the institutional, managerial and personnel enhancement of PNTL; and manages the conduct of the registration and certification programme of PNTL, including mentoring, to ensure the readiness and competence of PNTL to assume once again the responsibility for policing in Timor-Leste.
The land was so infinitely big that no matter what I did, nobody would care.
It was now essential to finalize the draft comprehensive convention, the most important counter-terrorism initiative stemming from the 2005 World Summit that was still outstanding.
Jennifer Lopez      DJ: Your relationship with Puff is one of the most famous relationships in the world, you are always both in magazines, and newspapers together, but to be honest they always seem to be giving you a rough time. Do
When I was just starting my second year at university, Steve was a fresher and I viewed him as inferior in two ways.
The German sports clothing maker Adidas is a sponsor of the Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee and has the right to use the Olympic rings in domestic advertising campaigns.
The Economic and Social Council,
Perhaps I made a few mistakes, also yesterday. Perhaps I wasted a few moves.
50. At the 23rd meeting, also on 29 October, the Secretary of the Committee read out a statement by the Secretary-General concerning the financial implications of the draft resolution.
Letter dated 15 February 2007 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly (A/61/749)
The Council will be able to discharge its mission of ensuring world peace and security, settling disputes -- large or small -- in a fair manner, and preventing the arbitrariness of the strong in oppressing the weak by force when it is made democratic, in accordance with the aspirations of the majority of the Member States and present realities.
The government's best guess is that another $ 750  billion  could be needed.
 39. The humanitarian situation during the reporting period has remained essentially unchanged, with a large number of persons in the interior cut off from relief assistance.
The former northern and southern halves of Yemen signed a number of conventions which the Republic of Yemen inherited after the proclamation of reunification on 22 May 1990.
The Group commended the support of Member States, governmental donors and United Nations multi-donor trust funds.
C. The cinema and audiovisual sector 6
Actually, you've ordered too much. We can't finish it all.
At its 51st plenary meeting, on 19 November 2010, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Fifth Committee, appointed the following persons as members of the Committee on Contributions for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2011: Mr. Joseph Acakpo-Satchivi, Mr. Gordon Eckersley, Mr. Bernardo Greiver del Hoyo, Mr. Juan Mbomio Ndong Mangue, Mr. Pedro Luis Pedroso Cuesta and Mr. Thomas Schlesinger.
The Commission may decide, for example, as the global intergovernmental body responsible for gender equality and the empowerment of women, to make a significant contribution to the Council's work in 2010 on the theme: "Implementing the internationally agreed development goals and commitments in regard to gender equality and the empowerment of women".
Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!Rachel: (entering) I cant believe it
World Drug Problem
Outstanding culture can surely bring outstanding civilization.
 It was announced that Monaco, Romania and The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined as co-sponsors of the draft resolution.
I must just go and freshen myself up before tea.
Also, most partnerships are focused primarily on mobilizing the health sector and enhancing health services around vertical programmes, rather than on multisectoral action to catalyse regulatory, legislative and health-system reform, as is required for non-communicable diseases.
Make sure you rub down the window frames before you repaint them.
Few analysts believed the government would allow the bank to fail.
I hope you like your fish well done.
Barbados
Internal oversight
While international human rights law does not restrict the privatization of public services, it nevertheless stipulates that when public services are outsourced to private companies, States remain responsible for ensuring quality, affordability and coverage and have the duty to protect individuals against abuses committed by these companies.
Exercise can improve your physical constitution and refresh the mind
43. Mr. Fujii (Japan) and Mr. Fox (Australia), Mr. Fox speaking also on behalf of Canada and New Zealand, said that it was regrettable that the information on the Organization's financial situation given by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services had not been presented in a report published in advance, for that would have enabled delegations to study the information.
The same film as well as a film entitled "Journey to Bethlehem 2000", can be viewed at the cultural exhibit area from 1 to 4 December 1998.
Article 36 To build expressways, urban overhead road and light-tract lines that traverse areas where there are concentrated noise-sensitive structures and that might produce environmental noise pollution, sound barriers shall be erected or other effective measures shall be taken to control environmental noise pollution.
113. Many delegations spoke of the CCF as a good example of UNDP work in the area of transition from an emergency and post-conflict situation to rehabilitation and development.
If you have any questions on learning English, please feel free to ask him.
The mechanic adjusted the colors and the contrast on my TV when he set it up.
Any institution that incorporated space technology for disaster management activities and was interested in developing activities in the region would be able to join the regional network.
In order to promote the momentum of the peace process, the Summit of Heads of State and Government of the Mano River -- enlarged to include the neighbouring countries of Côte d'Ivoire and Mali -- took place on 20 May 2004 in Conakry.
237. At its 38th meeting, on 25 July, the Council adopted draft resolution III, entitled "Future organization and methods of work of the Commission on the Status of Women", recommended by the Commission (see E/2006/27 and Corr.1, chap. I, sect. B).
It had been an awful day.
 8. At its sixth session, the Committee decided to instruct Mr. Voyame, its Chairman, and Mr. Perlas, to analyse the information concerning Turkey communicated pursuant to article 20 of the Convention, and invited them to submit to it a report and proposals for further action on that question.
16. Mr. Hammerschmidt (Canada), speaking also on behalf of Australia and New Zealand, said that the considerable progress that had been made by the Tribunals in fulfilling their core mission of bringing to account the political and military leaders responsible for genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes was due in large part to progress on a number of operational and administrative fronts.
Clearly, these gains are fragile and can easily be reversed.
UNFPA country office support to selected strategic plan outcome areas in 2008
Han Jia, what an imposing structure!
Application for Inspection and Testing of Fire Service Installations and Equipment (FSI/501)
The first type could be any third party that would have an interest in contributing to the solution of the dispute.
You remember joining the PTA and being elected president when you left a meeting to use the restroom.
As part of its activities geared towards reproductive health, UNFPA has been involved in the support of women's centres providing different types of counselling, raising awareness of gender issues and in the revision of the women's health and health education component of the national strategic health plan (1999-2003). UNDP continues advocating gender equality through, among other things, its promotion of equal opportunities in the civil service.
In terms of resources, the situation was considerably less encouraging, since the United Republic of Tanzania was constrained by immense economic difficulties.
942. The delegation of the Government's competences in the field of science and innovation state policy to the Moldovan Science Academy has contributed to the consolidation of the principles of self-administration (autonomy) for the scientific community and of academic freedoms.
Fig 2. Differentiation of young shoots from transformed callus.
Countries agreed that the recommendations should focus on the basic energy statistics and energy balances and should include recommendations on how energy statistics and balances are related to energy accounts and other national statistics.
(b) A plan of work approved by the Council for exploration for or exploitation of other resources if the proposed plan of work for exploration for cobalt crusts might cause undue interference with activities under such approved plan of work for other resources; or
The Committee recommends that the High Commissioner prepare a report on UNHCR's multi-year IT implementation strategy, identifying clearly short and long-term goals, planned project deliverables, related time frames and projected costs.
12. Commends those States, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations which have already contributed to the relief efforts, and appeals to all States, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations rapidly to provide further assistance to Angola to meet the growing humanitarian need;
Financial reporting on projects
It has also been engineered to be able to treat any passengers it carries to zero-gravity swoops on the way down after they have watched the spaceship being released for its trip into space.
47. The United Kingdom rejected absolutely the Russian Federation's assertion that conditions in United Kingdom prisons amounted to torture.
maximum policy coherence between peacekeeping operations and the rule of law / peace-building work of DPA and other departments, agencies, funds and programmes
Issues for consideration
liquidity requirement.
It should be noted that the “pretrial hearing” procedure is not envisaged if the case is examined by a military jurisdiction.
In particular, it considers that there are strong reasons to question the veracity of the new allegations and that presenting before the Committee a whole new account of the events in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which has not been presented before the domestic authorities, calls for close scrutiny of that account.
Chairman of the Africa Experts Group for the preparation and support of the negotiations of resolution 41/213 on the new budgetary process and United Nations reform
Regulation on Importing and Exporting Printed matters, Audio and Video Products ( including Information Storage Medium ).
Finally, resources should be identified by the geography in which they reside.
She submits that the Covenant is not part of Australian law and hence it has no legal effect upon the rights and duties of individuals.
Organization of 2 regional study tours for national prison authorities funded through donors
The effect of different electron conjugation bond structure of molecules on the nonlinear optical properties
We need to carry out Party-wide education to maintain the progressiveness of Party members mainly by putting the important thought of Three Represents into practice.
It is also associated with supporting others in the team so that the team processes follow agreed ground rules.
There will still be costs and charges but there will eventually be considerable cost and resource savings.
Despite the largely disappointing lack of progress in peacemaking efforts, some international moves aimed at helping the parties resume a political process have been undertaken in this period.
Many of those arrested were not suspected of committing a specific crime and were allegedly held until family members paid police officers a ransom for their release.
Satellite network consisting of 2 hubs and 28 VSAT systems
Programmatic international organizations normally consider statistics as primarily an instrument for those who have to prepare, implement or evaluate health policies.
States Parties that are developing legislation relating to the Convention's implementation
26. Admission to the Conference premises will require the presentation of grounds passes.
That is also the case for the Peacebuilding Support Office.
Rising levels of income have had the effect of enabling the poorest to buy staples such as rice, while allowing those slightly better off to eat meat once in a while.
Native distribution unclear because of widespread cultivation.
"Recognizing that good governance within each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development,
2. The Government of the United Kingdom has made clear its opposition to the extraterritorial extension of the United States embargo against Cuba in the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992.
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Maybe music is that somebody like it, and somebody hate it.
When the appointed day arrived, Shiu De-yan went out to look for his wife, but found instead an old woman with his wifes half of the mirror
This represents a significant increase over the first reporting cycle, when 37 per cent (40 countries) replied affirmatively to the question.
21. Support for SSC also grew in Asia in 2003 and 2004.
Informal informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.15, entitled "Second United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (2008-2017)" (under agenda sub-item 23 (a)) (convened by the delegation of Germany)
A second vessel, a pleasure craft, was found at the bottom of Kuwait Harbour after the cessation of hostilities, damaged beyond repair and stripped of all its equipment and furnishings.
In these and in many other ways, families are the primary mechanisms through which the human community achieves its ends.
Co-founder and Director, Value Partners Ltd
Establishment of grade equivalencies between the United States federal civil service and the United Nations system
In that connection the role of the Court in the prevention of conflict and the consolidation of peace in post-conflict situations should be underlined.
Social security
Mr. Severin (Romania): Today we are addressing one of the main issues in the contemporary debate on international relations.
The donor community should be encouraged to provide training and to initiate the collection of baseline data on weapon stocks seized or otherwise acquired by MONUC in pursuit of its mandate.
3. Within these areas, key activities are productivity training at the workplace in the sugar industry and review of related remuneration strategies; administrative strengthening of social security institutions and contribution and benefit schemes; and training of labour inspectors in safety and health issues, among others.
In addition, the Netherlands inquired about protection against all forms of discrimination in the legislation.
Well, how do you know I'm human?
Today, the Organization remains our source of strength and inspiration, as it is under its umbrella that we congregate to strive to foster inclusive and sustainable responses to new and old challenges alike.
Capacitive screens must be touched by a finger or an electrically grounded stylus to conduct current.
54. The Ministry of Defence and Veteran Affairs presented to the Ministry of Justice a proposal for the amendment of the SPLA Act (2009) detailing various punitive measures for SPLA officials who recruit children, use schools for military purposes and commit other grave violations against children.
Such cases were most common in the northern border provinces.
A bridge spans the river there.
Heat dissolved the candle into a pool of wax in a few minutes .
30. Sierra Leone 1131 - 1224 224
The opposition party was in the ascendancy.
The text which came out of Marcoussis is a compromise text.
Viral load tends to be highest soon after initial infection and in the later stages of HIV disease.
HLS
The name makes my tired old heart pump like a young boy's.
Two and a half decades of war had left Afghanistan's judicial system in disarray - if not complete collapse.
Jiucheng Township, Yunnan
... class1'>The implementation of J 2 EE scheme can improve systematic portability, security, elasticity, load balanced and reusable remarkable
Fourthly, today we are witnessing a revival of United Nations peacekeeping missions in many parts of the world.
V. Meetings of the Working Group
Restraint is a necessary counterpart to the winds of opposition.
It was terribIe. I had a hard time finishing my pie.
The challenges for the common system are many and are rarely replicated in a national setting.
I could call her nothing in my own mind save'stainless virgin ".
Now therefore , please let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen.
A number of the claimants provided audited financial statements in support of the asserted business losses, often in response to notifications issued pursuant to article 34 of the Rules, although it was not a legal requirement in Kuwait that unincorporated businesses maintain such statements.
Consider also the depletion of ocean fisheries through over-fishing.
Legal persons, referred to in Guideline 18, are entities other than physical persons that have legal personality, such as corporations and other businesses, local or regional governments and legally recognized foundations, organizations and associations.
35. Since the completion of the OIOS evaluation, a mechanism for Member States to have systematic access to lessons learned has not been developed.
E/CN.4/2003/G/43
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/1999/25 of 15 January 1999, S/1999/25/Add.2 of 29 January 1999, S/1999/25/Add.5 of 19 February 1999, S/1999/25/Add.11 of 1 April 1999 and S/1999/25/Add.17 of 14 May 1999.
We both know he isn't called Ben Lopez, but we maintain the pretence.
4. In order to obtain a greater multiplier effect of UNESCO’s action, support continues to be given to UNESCO’s Collective Consultation with NGOs working on Women, Girls and Gender Equality, created in 1997.
100. International development assistance, including both financial and technical assistance, has ensured timely initiation of life-saving interventions in communicable diseases such as HIV, tuberculosis and vaccine-preventable diseases among children.
Lycée Français de New York
The executive branch that usually represents the State party internationally, including before the Committee, may not point to the fact that an action incompatible with the provisions of the Covenant was carried out by another branch of government as a means of seeking to relieve the State party from responsibility for the action and consequent incompatibility.
It's not a matter of whether I believe you.
An informal pre-session information briefing on major issues before the UNICEF Executive Board at its first regular session (16 - 19 January 2006) will take place on Wednesday, 11 January 2006, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room 2.
You could tell by the blood spattered on his safety goggles, his rubber gloves, his sense of poetry.
The tank stopped in front of the berm for five minutes and trained its gun on Lebanese territory.
Ends/Thursday, June 9, 2005
Zyxel
Promotion of mutual interests and co-operation.
It notes with concern that "cleaning operations" have resulted in detaining street children and that negative public attitudes and prejudices against street children exacerbate their difficult situation.
Reconstruction Amendments
(c) ensure the availability of employees or agents of the Contractor with knowledge of this Contract to respond questions from IFAD staff or any properly designated auditor, investigator, agent or consultant acting on IFAD's behalf relating to the review or audit of the documents.
Similar initiatives have been taken through the Competition Policy Working Group set up within the context of the Dialogue for Economic Cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Korea.
Agenda item 77
UNSOA will consolidate the sector logistic hubs in south central Somalia and construct additional battalion camps for AMISOM troops.
11.3 The Governing Council in its decision 24/9 requested the preparation of a medium-term strategy for 2010-2013 with a clearly defined vision, objectives, priorities, impact measures and a robust mechanism for review by Governments.
One representative reported that his Government had developed a substantial body of information on many aspects of asbestos following recent post-disaster clean-up operations.
List of speakers
The General Assembly in its resolution A/RES/58/214 decided to convene a World Conference on Disaster Reduction in Kobe, Hyogo, Japan, 18-22 January 2005 and decided to establish an Open-ended Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee for the Conference.
A seagull hit the right wing tip leading edge flap sustained minor damage.
UNEP will underline the importance of the multi-stakeholder, cross-sectoral and voluntary nature of the Strategic Approach and that the UNEP thematic strategy on harmful substances and hazardous waste is contributing to the objectives of the Strategic Approach.
This symbolizes important gains in human rights, freedom and choice.
"The Security Council welcomes the continuing efforts of the Secretary-General and the United Nations Political Office for Somalia (UNPOS) in Nairobi.
UNCTAD also continued to assist member States in assessing their own FDI performance by producing and disseminating data on FDI and the activities of TNCs, especially by maintaining its dedicated FDI statistics website (www.unctad.org/fdistatistics) with profiles for 112 countries, fact sheets for 187 and 'FDI in Brief' datasheets for 80.
(e) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights: report of the Third Committee (A/54/605/ Add.5)
There was a large turnout at the rally.
Say I these things as a man?
10. UNAMA supports regional confidence-building measures and facilitates dialogue and cooperation between Afghanistan and regional actors.
291. The Committee noted that ACC continued to give attention to issues of staff security for its improvement.
At the international level, 2002 had been particularly notable in the context of international efforts to realize the millennium development goals: the Monterrey Consensus had been adopted in March and a plan to implement sustainable development in every country had been formulated in Johannesburg in September.
Original: English
(iv) Subsidiary body to address this matter;
Martin's speech set off a wave of anger.
The organization aims to mobilize ordinary members of society, particularly women and youth, in contributing to peace in the Middle East.
In addition, 84 families looking for missing children have registered the names of their missing children.
10. Reaffirms section XX of its resolution 61/276, and encourages the Secretary-General where feasible, to enhance regional and inter-mission cooperation with a view to achieving greater synergies in the use of the resources of the Organization and the implementation of mandates of the missions, bearing in mind that individual missions are responsible for the preparation and implementation of their own budgets and for controlling their own assets and logistical operations;
MDSF soldiers sought refuge at MINUSMA bases in Kidal and other cities in the north.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Disarmament Commission the annual report of the Conference on Disarmament, together with all the official records of the sixty-sixth session of the General Assembly relating to disarmament matters, and to render all assistance that the Commission may require for implementing the present resolution;
WMD Act 2005 3. Atomic Energy Act 1962
We feel certain that through your leadership and active participation, Mr. President -- as we heard this morning -- and with the support of the facilitator, Ambassador Tanin of Afghanistan, whom we congratulate on his re-election, that we will achieve concrete progress in the intergovernmental negotiation process on comprehensive reform of the Security Council.
In keeping with the spirit of Beijing and the Platform for Action of the Beijing Conference, a vigorous policy and legislative agenda is being formulated and implemented through a consultative process, the objective being to optimize the role of women as equal partners in the development process.
In the former category, along with major industrialized Powers such as Japan and Germany, developing countries from Asia, Africa and Latin America that are able to contribute to the maintenance of international peace and security should occupy their rightful place in the Council.
In line with those developments, on 28 March 2002, the Security Council had issued a presidential statement indicating it was "ready to consider appropriate and specific exemptions" to the travel ban imposed by resolution 1127 (1997) in order to facilitate negotiations (S/PRST/2002/7).
They think that it could be a huge, unknown kind of sea slug.
The Declaration on Climate Change adopted by the Pacific Islands Forum, which expressed the deep concern of its member countries at the threats posed by climate change to their economic and social well-being and their environment.
Approval: European Community (17 November 2000)*
We spent a few days sightseeing in Athens.
However, the soaring death rates in the Government-held areas around Ankoro, Kilwa, Dubie and Lwanza, especially where medical facilities are non-existent and where State medical professionals receive no salaries, are indications of Government negligence.
28. Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered, as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;
Judge Byron and Prosecutor Jallow provided clarifications in response to comments.
UNDG
Contribution to the Register encourages greater openness, transparency and confidence-building among the participating States, hence promoting security and paving the way for sustainable development.
(e) Relationship between disarmament and development;
 In fact the Chamorros were probably patriots in the highest meaning of the word.
all practicable steps shall be taken to ensure that personal data held are accurate, up-to-date and retained no longer than necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose(s) for which they are collected:
ECI is used as the basis for an across-the-board adjustment to salaries of United States federal civil service employees.
Annex 1 Further information on the substance
According to the author, the charges against him were false, and no evidence was submitted and no witnesses were heard during the court proceedings.
 Members of delegations, non-governmental organizations and Secretariat Staff are invited to attend.
The Court found the law to be unconstitutional. Two laws granting amnesty remain in place, however.
 122. The Committee is concerned at the situation of internally displaced children and refugee and neglected children.
The Board's findings and recommendations are shown below.
And by better understanding how these diseases manifest in Chinese patients, the industry is honing targeted therapies that can then be introduced in other settings worldwide.
There is a need to engage men more effectively in the process and identify causes of men's disempowerment through interviews with diverse groups of men and women.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.58
G. Measures to protect food quality and improve methods of production and conservation
60. Claim Officer (letters of assist team)
C. Report of the Green Climate Fund to the Conference of the Parties and guidance to the Green Climate Fund
Original: English
The Committee had an obligation to hold the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran accountable.
Elements of a voluntary code/guidelines/international understanding
106.12. Continue commitment to human rights through the ratification of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families in accordance with recommendation 1737 of 17 March 2006, adopted by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council Europe, of which Denmark is a member (Algeria);
For liquids transported under ambient conditions α could be calculated by the formula:
In other words, the payments capacity within this group of debt-distressed and severely indebted countries varies by a factor of more than 10 - some severely indebted countries are much more severely indebted than others.
82. On the question of the publicity to be given to the work of the United Nations in the field of decolonization, the Special Committee adopted a resolution (A/AC.109/2120) which it recommended to the General Assembly for action at its fifty-third session (see chap. III of the present report, A/53/23 (Part II)).
Airlines of Panama
The Council also reaffirmed its unwavering support for the Iraqi people in their political transition, as well as for Iraq's independence, sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity, and it called upon the international community to stand by the Iraqis in their pursuit of peace, stability and democracy.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
15:28 And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.
(b) Note verbale dated 2 August 2007 containing updated modalities for the high-level event;
Further expansion of land for cultivation will be difficult in much of the developing world.
If that happened, he would have the politicians to reckon with.
Black January
The formation and disintegration of chromatoid body as well as the relationship between the chromatoid body and mitochondrion in the spermatogenesis of teleost Carassius auratus was analyzed by transmission electron microscopy.
Talk to the skater, the artist, the economist, the stock broker, thelawyer, the doctor, the entrepreneur, the bartender, the guy standing in the corner, the waiter, everybody
It might be as well to state explicitly in the commentary that, despite the fact that the convention accepts an electronic communication where a communication in writing is required, written notifications to the depositary should be made on paper; the principle of equivalent functions, as provided for in article 9, paragraph 2, should not be applied in this case.
China's Political Party System
The Mission will offer support to secure technical assistance for the development of an independent national institution that would drive, sustain and monitor the country's commitment and capacity to promote and protect human rights.
Innovative approaches in collaborative programming
List of Malaysian states by GDP
She suggested focusing on the enabling environment, particularly on unique barriers to technologies for adaptation such as lack of communication, in order to: identify the role of the private sector in financing the adaptation process and to focus on possible market opportunities in adaptation; to analyse how adaptation technology cooperation might be different from mitigation cooperation; to identify existing cooperation partnerships in the adaptation sector; and to focus on adaptation capacity-building and information sharing.
In one respect , Pollack goes  Hitchcock  one better in " The Interpreter. "
Scientific researchers have found tears to be composed of negatively charged ions.
139. An immediate end should be put to any incitement to ethnic hatred.
Agenda item 45
Sixty-ninth session
The President (spoke in French): I should now like to turn to some organizational matters pertaining to the conduct of the meeting.
That compensation was due partly to his success with the deal at the center of the controversy according to one of those people.
Such valuables should be removed from articles to be deposited.
The humanitarian tragedy has been deepened by Israel's tireless criminal aggression by means of sophisticated prohibited weaponry since 27 December.
When the river dike is completed, the crops will be safe against floods.
Press release issued on 23 March 2000 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Eritrea
The BRABUS ROCKET engine and the entire drivetrain is operated high - performance lubricants from technology partner ARAL.
Under article 27 of the Constitution, "all individuals shall be equal before the law and have a right to equal protection.
Operative paragraph 3
The CMP may also need to adopt decisions on the modalities and guidelines to support sectoral emissions trading.
If you can, do not ignore it, change it to a small laptop with a shuttlecock, and later use caution when it wants.
People sometimes add a little salt.
 We seem to be faced with a dilemma as to whether the concept should be a wide one or a narrow one.
Official documents shall be made available in the official languages of the Congress. Sound recordings of meetings
253. After the decision was adopted, statements were made by the representatives of Cuba (in explanation of vote) and China.
During a subsequent session, the co-chair of the contact group reported that the group had been unable to agree on whether to list liquid formulations (emulsifiable concentrate and soluble concentrate) containing paraquat dichloride at or above 276 g/L, corresponding to paraquat ion at or above 200 g/L, in Annex III to the Convention.
Genes on human chromosome 5
These guidelines provided missions with the terms of reference under which to establish field mission review boards.
I gave him an extra dose of glucose to pep him up.
2. In fulfilment of the responsibilities entrusted to him under Article XVI of the Treaty and in the light of the responsibilities of the Commission under paragraph 18 of the Resolution, the Secretary-General of the United Nations shall transmit to the Commission copies of communications received by the Secretary-General of the United Nations in the capacity of Depositary of the Treaty.
Original: English
These matters have involved investigations of vendors doing business at Headquarters and a number of peacekeeping missions, overseas offices and agencies, including MONUC, UNOPS (Nairobi), the United Nations Offices at Nairobi and Geneva, the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Integrated Office in Burundi, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the United Nations Mission in the Sudan and the United Nations Mission in Liberia.
But he has no serious plan to reduce greenhouse gases.
Oxygen accelerates the release of nitrogen from the molecular structure of coal, resulting of N - Q .
One common characteristic of peacekeeping missions was their excessive length, which affected the credibility of the Organization.
The blood stream leaves, splashes on the earth.
Leaders of the opposition Alliance des forces démocratiques pour la transition have repeatedly pointed out the selective implementation of the transitional institutional apparatus by political actors.
National machinery for the advancement of women
The consideration of issues relating to sea-level rises and their impact on security and survival, particularly on the low-lying coastal areas and island nations, against the background of sustainable development was also suggested by many delegations.
Helmand province has been the scene of several clashes in recent weeks.
Convention Providing a Uniform Law for Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes (with Annexes and Protocol)
Vacancy/delayed deployment rate (percentage)
Priority must therefore be accorded to the education of all citizens in order to prevent human rights violations.
 A simple and relevant methodology was developed in 1992 to develop information on costs, use of resources and sources of financing; the method is being used by health economists in a number of countries.
One Fund
Use it as a daily face wash and splash with cold water afterwards.
The Office will coordinate current mission-specific briefings to ensure that all troop-contributing countries are updated for the preparation and training of their contingents.
Beijing estimates that family planning policies for its more than 1.3bn people, one-fifth of the world total, have prevented up to 400m births over the past three decades – a number that well exceeds the combined US and UK populations.
Draft decision proposed by Australia, Canada, Iceland, Japan, Kazakhstan, New Zealand, Norway, Russian Federation, Switzerland and Ukraine
 In contrast, where supporting social and economic mechanisms were still in place, adaptation occurred, with less disruptive effects.
Table A.27G.10 Requirements by object of expenditure and source of funds
In this case, the declaration made by Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was more limited than that of Spain as it referred to disputes "concerning the arrest or detention".
It was indicated that different levels of details were possible, and that, while a more generic rule could promote technology neutrality, a more detailed rule could provide additional useful guidance.
Yoshiyuki Kono
Non-discrimination clauses, including the prohibition of discrimination on the basis of sex or gender and other criteria are incorporated into many constitutions.
Report of the Fifth Committee
On 27 February, the Council held consultations of the whole on the Syrian Arab Republic, during which it was briefed by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Coordinator, Valerie Amos, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, António Guterres, and the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict, Zainab Hawa Bangura.
He would have supported the proposal, which had been withdrawn, for the deletion of paragraph (2).
Several young merrymakers were chattering at the bar before making a belated visit to the theatre.
Universal Music Latin Entertainment
While this growth must target the needs of an increasing population, it will certainly put extra pressure on agricultural lands and will have to be achieved in a context of reduced water availability, in particular in the agriculture-based economies.
71. Mr. Diab (Lebanon), speaking in exercise of the right of reply, said that Israel was cynically exploiting the tragedy of 11 September to pursue its policy of occupying Palestinian territory under the guise of combating terrorism.
The paradoxical finding here is that one great trick to being happy is to forget about being happy and instead try to increase the happiness of others.
With an effective Peacebuilding Commission in place, the United Nations will be better able to help some of the most vulnerable countries on Earth.
Moreland and Hilton (1976) described PCP as a more general inhibitory uncoupler.
 16. At the current session, the General Assembly must reach agreement on improvements to the scale methodology, and must adopt specific guidelines to assist the Committee on Contributions in its preparation of the scale for the period 1998-2000.
Subdistrict police stations are being set up throughout East Timor as resources become available.
In that regard, UNEP was paying special attention to the increasing severity of desertification and land degradation, the dramatic decrease in biodiversity and genetic resources, the increasing threat of chemicals to human health, the drastic consequences of climate change, and unsustainable consumption and production patterns.
(a) The International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families; and
If the party is not satisfied with the decision of the Court of Appeal, he or she may lodge an application for leave to appeal to the Court of Final Appeal. For details, please refer to the "
mean to do sth. Doing such a thing means wasting time.
My aim today: to persuade people to stop saying reach out
Reply to the issues raised in paragraph 15 of the list of issues and questions
Programme and budgets, 2008-2009.
He gets a cold with a deep hacking cough.
Spathoglottis
Word limits for parliamentary documentation
Mr. Eliès Gastli
Having heard the statement by the Special Rapporteur concerning the basis and the orientation of the study,
Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on September 14, 1963 (Joined on March 16, 1994).
I have to say, the same look is the premiere, the same is my deep love, the feeling is not the same, in the heart, no longer a hierarchy.
 82. The Decade provided a fresh impetus to ESCAP and to its members and associate members for strengthening the efforts to reduce the increasingly serious disruptions and human and material losses caused by natural phenomena.
Since June 2004 physical mistreatment is no longer a matter of private accusation that was only initiated on the basis of a complaint by a victim, but now this criminal offence is also subject to investigation and prosecution under general procedure.
Device can spill water; install where spillage is not objectionable.
UNHCHR will continue to contribute to international efforts to eliminate terrorism by emphasizing the importance of respecting human rights in counter-terrorism action and making recommendations on how States can achieve this goal.
250. According to article 18 of the Law on Health Care, insured persons are entitled to financial allowances if they fulfil the following conditions:
 Members will recall that, in accordance with the decision taken by the General Assembly at its 3rd plenary meeting, on 24 September, sub-item (b) of agenda item 108 was introduced at the Assembly's 36th plenary meeting on 25 October.
Tuesday is our recycling day.
New Zealand firmly supports the existing multilateral disarmament treaties, and the need to strengthen them through robust verification provisions.
 The Board accepted, with appreciation, the regional commissions' offer to cooperate in executing joint regional programmes with INSTRAW.
We believe that all countries in the world should make friends with one another by following the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and conforming to the UN Charter and universally recognized international laws and norms that govern international relations.
Unfortunately, this is a precursor of worse things to come.
The law of March 2010 fully assimilates women into the nation's decision-making circles.
Provision of overall management of the Secretariat: oversee the implementation of the programme of work and budget adopted by the Conference of the Parties; organize and convene Secretariat meetings every quarter and staff exchanges as needed; undertake work planning and supervision of staff.
They're laughing. Patricia Simonet, development and program coordinator for Spokane County Regional Animal Protection Service, also found that the sound of dog laughter comforts other dogs
Make sure there is sufficient market liquidity to execute scaling out of positions in a meaningful way.
47. For the purpose of follow-up to the agreements reached during the expert meeting, it is proposed that in the course of the two months following the meeting National Mangrove Committees should be established, with the participation of all sectors concerned and with a national perspective.
In the view of this Panel, where either of these factors is wholly or partially the explanation of the "loss" suffered by the claimant, then that loss or the relevant part of it is outside the jurisdiction of the Commission and cannot form the basis of recommendation by a panel.
Female workers are concentrated in labour-intensive sectors, and the barriers to entry to these industries are generally low.
It was considered important to balance State sovereignty with the need to protect human rights, and it was recalled that the purpose of the topic was the protection of persons in the event of disasters, and not the protection of the rights of States.
The policeman ran that guy in for peddling on a subway car without a license.
Case 183: MAL 8(1)
Major  Pendennis  , fresh and smirking, came out of his bedroom to his sitting - room.
In this connection, NZ 10,000,000 were given to the village chief, Lofosola, alias “Mapassi”, near Wendji, to “pay back” persons who locate and dig up the bones, which are then thrown into the river.
The organization has also made efforts to improve international cultural and educational cooperation.
It should also be noted that the relative rapid rise in the food exports of developing countries followed several decades of falling export shares for agricultural products from this group of countries.
The Committee recommends that the State party take steps to ensure universal social security coverage, and extend the coverage of social security to all workers in the private sector, as well as persons with disabilities.
Its duties include:
It also sets ambitious targets for reducing poverty, promoting peace and development in Africa, protecting the environment, including with regard to one of the defining issues of our time - global climate change - and furthering respect for human rights and international law.
Raya, Uttar Pradesh
Corcoran, California
Trinidad and Tobago
At the most recent session of the Permanent Forum, the Russian Federation had provided support for a workshop on best practices drawn from cooperation between indigenous communities in the Russian Federation and industrial firms.
Sir Mark Lyall Grant
The Government of Burundi urges the Security Council to respond positively to the Summit's request and to take effective measures to meet it.
Therefore, the buyer was entitled to receive compensation that is usually calculated as the difference between the contract price and the price of the substitute transaction.
This course is a part of Occidental College as well and no, students do not need to be stupid to study it.
Fund balances and reserves represent the difference between the assets and the liabilities of the organization. They consist of funds available for the implementation of programmes funded by regular resources and other resources as well as funds available for the acquisition of capital assets and set aside for procurement service shortfalls, losses not covered by commercial insurance, after-service health insurance and separation costs.
James brought up three different plans for us to choose from.
She fashioned a necklace from paper clips.
He told his wife, his wife eyeful tears, but help him on Erhuameiyue melt iron.
In America all one needs is a dream and the motivation to carry out that dream.
283. The Committee encourages the State party to reintroduce legislation to permit termination of pregnancy in cases of rape, incest and congenital abnormality of the foetus.
Baychester Avenue
So much was expected from him, but the 21 - year - old center was unable to deliver against Utah.
75. Therefore, and following the report of the Secretary-General on strengthening monitoring and evaluation in the United Nations (A/60/73), OIOS will continue to undertake the mandated function of providing the Organization and the General Assembly with central, independent, in-depth evaluations.
He was always there, sacrificing his time and efforts to see that his family had enough in their life.
Along with electronic commerce's development, the network auction already became one kind of typical electronic transaction pattern.
The Iraqi Public Speaks
This document covers the main problems affecting women, defines specific measures to be implemented and sets time-frames.
Buzău County
In the field, the Mission is pursuing an increased number of common services arrangements and has been able to enter into common cost-sharing agreements in Islamabad, Herat, Qalat and Tehran.
It was suggested that Special Rapporteurs should present to the Sixth Committee their ideas on how the Committee’s examination of the Commission’s report might be best conducted.
Provisional institutions of self-government control throughout Kosovo
12. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled "Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives".
This time, when Sol-leks was harnessed as lead-dog, Buck did not try to move in.
For more than seven decades, leaders of nuclear-armed states have relied on an unstable compound of fear and luck to keep their populations safe from total destruction.
Cooperation and coordination
This flexibility ensures ownership and relevance as projects evolve.
Piaski
Nevertheless, the round-table process is not, and should not be, considered a mere technical cooperation activity.
and the Caribbean North America and Western Europe Source: http://stats.uis.unesco.org/TableViewer/tableView.aspx (UNESCO Institute for Statistics, Education), last accessed at 19/10/06.
(c) Procurement planning provided an opportunity for gains from economies of scale.
At the Mitrovicë/Mitrovica District Court, EULEX judges took over an additional 10 urgent criminal cases, including cases with defendants in pretrial detention since 2007 or 2008.
Have positive work attitude and be willing and able to work diligently without supervision.
I suppose you dance often.
Jean : I'm sure your sister isn't as bad as the bride in the example there.
We listened but could hear nothing.
Goulding, Marrack. Practical measures to enhance the United Nations effectiveness in the field of peace and security. Report submitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations. New York, 30 June 1997.
Budget for UNMIT for the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009 (A/62/753)
Water Engineer
8. Measures to prevent, treat and control diseases linked to water
(a) Upcoming openings are reviewed on an ongoing basis in order to commence the required selection process in a timely manner;
36. There was little evidence that country offices regularly reviewed the scope of the auditors' reports and their findings and conclusions; nor was there evidence that they pursued the auditors' recommendations (see para. 149).
Zambia
Field interpreter days (Kigali)
And unlike physiotherapy, patients tending to a garden derive additional benefits by creating or changing things.
Moreover, continuing contracts, by definition more secure, would not promote improved performance or personal fulfilment, as staff would not have to demonstrate constantly their professional aptitude and usefulness to the Organization.
The Council, too, should involve the troop contributors in the process of consultations, in a manner that is institutional and meaningful; one which comes into being at the earliest stages of drawing up an operation, and which persists until the termination of the operation.
The mission of such an operation would be to create the security environment necessary for the full implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and to establish the conditions for lasting peace, including facilitating the restoration of government authority throughout the country and the observance of human rights.
The Government of Zimbabwe alleges that the mercenaries were on their way to overthrow the Government of Equatorial Guinea, charges denied by the group, which maintained that it was headed for the Democratic Republic of the Congo to guard diamond mines.
5. At the same meeting, the Commission adopted the draft resolution (see chap. I, sect. B, resolution 2006/1).
All right, if we go in now, they will ship us straight to guantanamo bay.
And it also can debase the precision of the machined surface and make the machined surface bring residual stress and other flaws.
Since a year had gone by since its launch, she wished to know whether the delegation was aware of any positive results from it thus far.
28. Limited preparation and training is one of the factors which contribute to the existence of reprehensible behaviour by members of the security and defence forces, and for this reason Timor-Leste is making efforts to rectify this situation and improve the quality of the operating capability of its forces.
1. By virtue of article 102 of the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany capital punishment has been abolished in the Federal Republic of Germany since 1949.
The measures that could be taken to build on those assessments, subject to the availability of resources, are outlined in paragraphs 13 to 20 below.
Special, 1998
Kamejiro Senaga
It contained a man, a completely nude woman and four attractive girls, equally nude.
Once that prerequisite of tribal affiliation is met, the applicant must satisfy one of the other criteria for eligibility to vote.
First regular session 2015
919/2000 - Muller (annex IX); follow-up reply not yet due.
One speaker said that the initiative could be a starting-point for a North-South alliance to combat poverty.
They were not likely to reach the boundary of this country.
You know   sometimes I feel a little jealous of Hank's work.
Bellow, Saul. More Die of Heartbreak. Trans. Li Yaozong. Beijing: China Federation of Literary and Art Circles Publishing Corporation, 1992.
The annual World Economic and Social Survey will complement these forecasts with analyses of topical global economic issues, while the preparation of a long-term socio-economic perspective will facilitate the formulation of development strategies for the twenty-first century.
70. National focal points for technical cooperation among developing countries should be transformed into national committees for South-South cooperation in order to strengthen institutional mechanisms for coordinating cooperation among developing countries.
However, a woman infected with HIV, can transmit the virus to her child during pregnancy, labour or delivery, and also through breast milk.
It was precisely to free the Chechen people from the yoke of terrorism and lawlessness that Russian soldiers were now risking their lives.
United Nations Press Releases
Meeting convened by UNEP to review the Montevideo Programme. Geneva, May 1991.
Number of follow-up activities and projects undertaken to support the environmentally sound management of persistent organic pollutant wastes.
This Paper mainly discusses that theory & practice and economy & information are two pairs of contradictions that influence significantly the sturdy development of economic informatics in China.
CXC Mathematics
Actually, though, this "land of immigrants" has always had people of many different nationalities-and languages.
As a result of gun-related crime, however, several initiatives have been launched, including on gang activity, in addition to various community-based activities.
In 23 of 30 cases, victims were internally displaced persons.
Vigilance and a proportionate response are required of leaders.
The Macao Special Administrative Region shall, taking the low tax policy previously pursued in Macao as reference, enact laws on its own concerning types of taxes, tax rates, tax reductions, allowances and expenditures, and other matters of taxation.
84. The Conference reaffirmed the validity of the United Nations Set and related resolutions adopted by the previous five United Nations Review Conferences.
What mentality education is to reveal is a native education science system, i. e. the New Culture Movement in education, a pity with religious feelings.
We rode slowly, with pleasant sense of Sunday indolence.
The eradication of poverty was a priority.
Chapter XV Legal Liabilit
Group of Governmental Experts to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destructionb
08-8-29 Obama Foreign Policy Pledges Focus on Diplomacy
B. Export controls
He strove to speak, but caught his breath, stammering.
Article 25 of the Convention, which required States to punish perpetrators of the enforced disappearance of children, had been very helpful in that regard.
The Commission has received the repeated assurances of the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic that all Commission requests will be met in a timely and satisfactory manner, and that the Syrian Arab Republic wishes to play an active role in supporting the Commission's search for the perpetrators of the crimes.
Association des états généraux des étudiants de l'Europe
The great majority of Saharans were disgusted with its management of their cause.
Come now, make a bargain with my master, the king of Assyria: I will give you two thousand horses--if you can put riders on them!
This in turn led to a $53 million initiative by the United States State Department to promote Congo forest conservation.
Does the State party intend to collect disaggregated data in respect of other types of gender-based violence?
Lawyers for the victim's relatives were said to have urged Italian authorities to bring to justice a fourth person, "an Iranian whose diplomatic immunity would keep him from being prosecuted".
The eclectic attitude of Yangzhou painting from the late Ming was a foundation for the co-existence and co-development of various painting styles in Yangzhou.
Several delegations highlighted the principle of the common heritage of mankind.
Implementation of the Plan of Action of the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, 1995-2004: report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
Mr. Costas Lapavitsas, School of Oriental and African Studies, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
 The Commission could note that agreement to include all existing methods had been reached after difficult negotiations, but it would not be wise to reopen the question.
(f) The Secretary-General should be requested to submit an annual report to the Assembly, through the Committee, on the status of Member States' payment plans as at 31 December each year;
If Sun Jou -  chia  has a son in a hurry, it won't do her any good. "
You are the artist that paints your future with the brush of today.
(CEDAW/C/5/Add.65/Rev.2)
(e) Eight nationals from Western European and other States;
Lesotho
However, a number of delegations expressed their concern about a substantial part of the organization's income coming from the Government.
In this connection, the Special Rapporteur was pleased to learn about the fact-finding mission undertaken by the Special Rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression and would like to express his interest in his forthcoming report.
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the frank dialogue with the State party's delegation and welcomes the extensive responses to the list of issues in written form (CAT/C/NET/Q/4/Rev.1/Add.1), including elaborate information on the implementation of the Convention in the Netherlands Antilles, which facilitated discussion between the delegation and members of the Committee.
Hanging out with your friends might seem "unproductive" whereas staying an extra couple of hours at work is "productive" .
NPT/CONF.2015/PC.I/WP.3
The discussion covered in the summary recorded ended at 3.40 p.m.
Give instructions to the person on your right.
Notes
My aversion to aviation dates back to when I was a child.
2. First Committee: disarmament and international security issues
The Parole Board, established under the Prisons Act, focuses on the release of persons on parole (i.e. gravity of the offence, behaviour).
Debtor's appeal was rejected for the request of repayment after time limitation for court.
Use restraints and solitary confinement as a measure of last resort when all other alternatives for control have failed, for the shortest possible time and under strict medical supervision;
Burkina Faso
We believe that the United Nations, with its wealth of experience, is the ideal institution for coordinating and harmonizing international cooperation towards consolidating those efforts, in particular with respect to fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals.
" "What did they replace it with?
thank you for you help!!! i just registered in this bbs i'd like to find some good friends here and improve our english together!
Experience shows that in the vast majority of cases, mission mandates are not materially altered each year.
Bear Form: Some Druid abilities give your hero bear form.
In addition, non-recurrent costs for the first year are estimated at approximately $268,000.
Netherlands
Mindful that maritime piracy and armed robbery at sea off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Guinea have different features,
The Government of the Republic of Singapore would like to express its continued support of the Register as a valuable global confidence-building mechanism, and is of the view that the Register continues to be relevant in its current form.
I am a vegetarian myself, but I have never considered it my business what others eat.
350. The liberalization of financial and capital markets has led to substantial foreign direct investment (FDI).
Selected security advisers and field security officers have received specialized training to help them support all United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination teams deployed to an emergency area.
We place great value on our natural environment as a source of both physical sustenance and immeasurable beauty to be cared for with wisdom and temperance.
Human Rights Council
The dog was bounding about.
The beetle has some unusual habits. And a group of dedicated supporters who were working to restore this critically endangered species.
Those crises and challenges had impacts on standards of living, the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals and the health of the people of developing countries, in particular the most vulnerable.
(c) General Assembly resolutions 57/292 and 60/282: reporting on oversight activities conducted throughout the phases of the capital master plan project in the context of the annual reports of OIOS;
A little while ago, I was almost sure to catch a stout mantis.
(a) Women are not excluded from decision-making processes concerning water resources and entitlements.
This whole thing is one big reactor made out of terbinium.
The new religion was thrust  upon  the people by force.
They have provided the foundation for the development of national data systems on children and women in such countries as Bangladesh, China, Egypt, Peru and Zambia.
Lift your tongue up to the roof of your mouth.
Accordingly, although defined as a temporary exaction, it was often permanent in fact, and no doubt contractors experienced in the subtleties of working in Iraq made suitable allowances.
Present and previous work in/for humanitarian organizations:
The Chairman (spoke in French): Before we resume the general debate, I should like to remind delegates that they have until 6 p.m. today to inscribe themselves on the list of speakers.
Because the Islands had never had an indigenous population, their situation was unlike most colonial situations, including that of Argentina, where the indigenous population had been slaughtered by the invading European colonists, the forefathers of modern-day Argentine citizens.
The Lord told the man that He had a job for him to do and showed him a large rock in front of the cabin.
The Empirical Study on the Relationships between Psychological Ownership and Task Performance, Contextual Performance in the State-Owned Enterprises;
Denmark 20
1. The institutional framework
Oles Buzina
UNCT suggested that a multi-pronged approach including ensuring arrested criminals face the law will be required in the long run.
Meteor is beautiful, but only the fixed star can bring with more treasure to public.
By the end of 2001, there were 3,327 government-run social welfare institutions with 191,000 inmates, 35,000 collective-run social welfare institutions with 668,000 inmates, 934 private-run social welfare institutions with 34,000 inmates, and 38,000 social welfare enterprises employing 699,000 handicapped people.
Goal 3: Its Women Creators of Peace encourages people to speak out against injustices and inequality in Australia, Fiji and Solomon Islands, among many other countries.
132. Australia is clearly making every effort to ensure full compliance with the sanctions regime and to address regional weaknesses in implementation.
(c) Working in conjunction with the main responsible agency on anti-human trafficking, which is the Ministry of Social Development and Human Security.
Is it really the case that the various conceptions of legitimacy compete with one another?
A study on frontal crashworthiness of a commercial vehicle is carried out to improve the safety of commercial vehicles.
For several years, my delegation has advocated the strengthening of the Security Council. We have said that it is the only mechanism that humanity has to confront the threats that beset it.
Then, throughout the relationship with the customer, they must monitor transactions, including with respect to the source of funds.
Undeniable : Sorrow is better than laughter , it may be sadden your face , but it sharpens your understanding .
(ii) UNCITRAL Working Groups I-VI:
Jefferson County, Indiana
Annex to the letter dated 4 January 2010 from the Permanent Representative of China to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, many developing countries had been affected by a significant fall in remittances, exports and capital flows, while ODA flows were expected to decline as the result of stagnation in developed countries.
(iii) Development of evidence-based guidelines for duty stations worldwide to manage outbreaks of infectious diseases, influenza pandemics, environmental health hazards, potential biological agent threats, and large-scale public health disasters;
5 consign verb oblivion noun debt noun dishwasher noun encourage verb expenses plural noun filing cabinet noun -fold suffix rewarding adjective share noun site noun manual adjective accounts plural noun install verb dealings plural noun collapse verb concentric adjective counsellor noun get rid of phrasal verb corporation noun parking lot noun pyramid structure noun scrutiny noun staff turnover noun subject someone to something phrasal verb 2
Searches, house searches, seizures, the confidentiality of correspondence and telephone tapping are regulated.
Everybody knows U been discrete.
Action on draft resolution A/C.6/56/L.19
Go ahead and reach way back for the fresh milk. Everybody does.
EAST ASIA AND THE PACIFIC
Those proceeding to the degree of B . A . must be present for examination on Thursday afternoon.
So it is no surprise that China is already the world’s second largest pharmaceutical market, or that its innovation expenditure, according to the McKinsey Quarterly report, is expected to reach $1 trillion by 2020.
However, art cannot replace society. Therefore the attempt to rescue the present society with new art is Adornos sheer illusion.
The ruling National Democratic Union Party and the Justice and Welfare Party are both preparing for their conventions to select candidates.
We hope that others will follow suit.
 (a) Achievement of noteworthy accomplishments;
I wonder if you have taken note of by the response by the international community and the reaction of experts in the field.
If China defends the DPRK the Chinese only look bad to the rest of the world.
It was suggested at the meeting that a committee of eleven be appointed to make a new constitution.
2 See General Assembly resolution 55/2.
The citizen's exercise of this right carries special duties and responsibilities, specified in article 29, paragraph 2, of the Universal Declaration, among which the obligation not to disseminate racist ideas is of particular importance.
Baseball League Sets Marks for Attendance, Revenues
Perhaps I was being overprotective now because Cathy had been diagnosed at three as having a rare disease. No one but the family knew or even saw anything different about her
The only possessions that it could see were a few tin plates and cups and a couple of pots.
(iii) Number of States parties whose implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocols is reviewed
Study of time of catheter left in urethra after internal urethrotomy of urethral stricture
I. IAEA inspection team
38. Draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.13 was withdrawn.
"The Council expresses concern at the recent pause of counter-LRA operations in CAR in the context of the current crisis in the country due to the seizure of power by force on 24 March 2013 by the Seleka coalition as well as the ensuing violence and looting, which worsened the humanitarian and security situation and weakened the institutions of the Central African Republic.
Improperly meshed or worn gear wheels, gear wheel brackets broken or improperly secured.
The Ministers strongly rejected attempts to impose conditionalities to the reform process which negatively impact the confidence atmosphere needed for the negotiations.
The butler was almost invisible in the stream of an antiquated geyser.
 For those who do not opt for repatriation, care and maintenance programmes will be maintained and an emphasis put on income-generating activities in the countries of asylum.
What he looked for in others was a good heart, and if he found one, the owner was good enough for him.Now that I am older, I believe that is a proper standard by which to judge people, even though I still don' t know precisely what a good heart is.
- Convention A/P1/7/92 on mutual assistance in criminal matters between the States members of ECOWAS, signed at Dakar on 1 July 1992;
We support its plans to restructure its divisions for school inspections, with a view to conducting open, transparent and more effective whole-school inspections to identify the strengths and weaknesses of individual schools, and to advise on improvement measures and appropriate follow-up actions.
Kowloon
Petr Frydrych
The Commission has carried out the following activities to implement the Millennium Development Goals:
International human rights treaties
By fulfilling the commitment to create a world fit for children, we are achieving the goal of creating a future fit for humanity.
He refused to continue the talks from where they had been left off and refrained from expressing commitment to the convergences that had been achieved in the course of four years of negotiations between 2008 and 2012.
With inflation controlled private sector starts developing fast.
I'll keep them away. I'll come find you.
(e) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report prepared by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on the transit environment in the landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit neighbours (A/53/331);
135. At UNIFIL, a contract in the not-to-exceed amount of Euro37.77 million for provision of rations required the contractor to obtain and maintain insurance coverage for a minimum amount of $10 million for every occurrence giving rise to claims.
11. In the aftermath of Hurricanes Luis and Marilyn, which struck Anguilla in early September 1995, leaving behind damage estimated at $100 million, the UNDP Resident Representative effectively coordinated response measures with the assistance of the United Nations disaster management team.
At the 3rd meeting, the Chair invited the representative of the GEF to make a statement.
4.1 The overall purpose of the programme is to support the maintenance of peace and security through the deployment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with and by authority derived from the principles and purposes of the Charter of the United Nations.
The Committee stresses the duty of States, regardless of their political, economic and cultural systems, to promote and protect all human rights and fundamental freedoms.
But's visit is being viewed as starting a new chapter in U S . - Turkey Turkish relations.
The Committee was provided with a detailed cost breakdown of internal audit costs proposed for 2002 - 2003 (see annex to the present report).
Culture is the soul of the race and the spiritual ties which support the unity of the state and the national unification.
7. Implementation of the plan of activities has involved extensive coordination within the Agency to ensure effective, consistent and coherent programme implementation.
Measures to regulate firearms for the purpose of combating illicit trafficking in firearms
RENEW aims to improve the position of women through education, skills training, counselling and advocacy by addressing the following objectives: (i) To forge a better understanding of gender inequalities at all levels of society; (ii) To provide support and care services for victims on violence in the Bhutanese society and giving them a second chance in life; (iii) To enable strategic planning and implementation of activities through research; and (iv) To ensure future sustainability of the RENEW organization.
At the same time, Jamaica's access to financing on the international capital market has been significantly restricted, with a concomitant slowdown in foreign direct investment.
- Philatelic workshop and guided tour for schools
IMS Information Management System
Experience is the best teacher.
He wants to restore trust in American leadership, both abroad, and at also here at home, she said.
The State party should protect the freedom of opinion and expression, including the right to freedom of the press.
The point was also made that being a high-level conference, topics discussed would have to be general, and issues such as the definition of terrorism for the purposes of a criminal law enforcement instrument would not fall within the format of such a conference.
Planning of product realization shall be consistent with the requirements of the other processes of the quality management system (see 4.1).
"Recruiting activity is up and job fair attendance (by employers) has certainly increased," said LaMarco.
Madhura Swaminathan (India)
A/68/355
The resources freed up in that way are used by beneficiary countries to finance national poverty-reduction and development plans.
My dog team weren't with me to pull my sled.
That's not up to the opportunity.
Saudi Arabia, which had applied for membership of the World Trade Organization, called for the universal character of that Organization to be made a reality by facilitating market access for the developing countries' products and by making the conditions for membership more flexible.
India
At the country level, the process is already revealing that citizens perceive economic, social and cultural rights, as well as the right to development, as their entitlements.
' said she, 'it fair troubles me to go into yond' room now: it looks so lonesome wi' the chair empty and set back in a corner.
Ireland acknowledged the country's agreement to ratify the Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings.
3. Assistance to Equatorial Guinea in the field of human rights 18
I was always ashamed afterwards that I had turned my back on my own sister.
But it failed, again, because Eritrea was not committed to peace.
Take steps to prevent interference in maritime navigation and air traffic with the aim of helping to eliminate unjustified tension and reducing the risk of confrontation.
12. One of the early tasks of the property management working group was to develop the terms of reference so that consultants would draw on practical knowledge and experience from the industry to assist the Organization in its preparation for the adoption of, and compliance with, IPSAS.
(a) Extension of the entitlement to an education grant to eligible ad litem judges who have served for a continuous period of more than three years (see A/65/134, paras. 77-79);
Entry into force of UN Convention Against Corruption by 2005; most governments ratify by 2006-2007
As for the recruitment, the RRT did not find this allegation credible, as a party would not have any advantage in forcefully recruiting someone who would never show allegiance to it.
Is your husband above or under a major in rank?
With regard to the request contained in operative paragraph 30 (b) of draft resolution A/C.3/64/L.36, pertaining to the Special Rapporteur, the Secretary-General has informed the General Assembly, in his report on the revised estimates resulting from resolutions and decisions adopted by the Human Rights Council at its tenth and eleventh sessions (A/64/353), that implementation of the activities called for in Council resolution 10/27 (see A/64/53, chap. II, sect. A) are considered of a “perennial nature” and as such, provision of an estimated $145,000 to implement the activities of the Special Rapporteur has been made under section 23 (Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010–2011.
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. New York, 16 December 1966
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the revised estimates resulting from resolutions and decisions adopted by the Human Rights Council at its nineteenth, twentieth and twenty-first sessions (A/67/647)
But it was neither able to tell us in which procedure the error occurred, nor which variables may have been involved.
Moreover, the Ministers of the Non-Aligned Movement reaffirmed at New York in September of this year their determination to actively strive towards the achievement of a just and comprehensive peace on the basis of Security Council resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973), and on the basis of land for peace.
(a) Continue to provide technical assistance to States parties, upon request, to assist them in implementing the Organized Crime Convention and its Protocols;
The outcome documents adopted by the Assembly drew attention to particular needs of older women, which result, inter alia, from the fact that their life patterns are different from those of men.
133. The discussion summarized in the present section, on technical assistance (agenda items 4 (d) (i) on capacity-building and 4 (d) (ii) on the Basel Convention regional and coordinating centres), took place during simultaneous sessions of the eleventh ordinary meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Basel Convention, the sixth ordinary meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Rotterdam Convention and the sixth ordinary meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Stockholm Convention.
It was a matter of record that the peace process under way in Central America had been born of the convictions and actions of the peoples of the region.
The OHCHR Regional Office in Bangkok initiated a "Human rights approach to development: lessons learned" project which will identify and draw lessons from programmes in the region that have sought to implement a human rights approach;
(d) Ensure that children have access to legal aid and independent and effective complaints mechanisms;
8.7 What measures have been taken to establish monitoring institutions for sexual and domestic violence?
(Product (Red))
Sixty-ninth session
People with normal skin will have normal moisture and oil secretion levels with a fair skin complexion and good elasticity .
Acknowledging the progress made in developing and strengthening partnerships and programmes of activities on the environmentally sound management of waste and the financial support provided to the Partnership Programme by parties and others,
(b) Follow-up to and implementation of the Mauritius Strategy for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States (A/65/115, A/65/301 and A/65/361)
From 1985 to 2005, a total of 122.6 billion won was invested in 2,044 projects to conduct joint research projects with major advanced countries (e.g. Japan, Russia, the United States of America and Germany).
It is essential to build a world free of imperialism and colonialism, where relations must be aimed at complementarity, the respect for diverse sovereign entities and identities and where the deep asymmetries that exist between one family and another, one country and another and one continent and another are taken into account.
But you are not powerless; before you even consider quitting, try the boss-taming strategies below.
Mine eye and heart are at a mortal war.
We believe that the negotiation process within the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva should be reactivated.
The Ministry of Justice organizes this activity in cooperation with the Penological Society of the Republic of Macedonia, as well as with the Ministry of the Interior.
General administration and management
In the hearing, the accused shall be allowed to object to the indictment and criticize the material on which it is based.
3.5 million
That figure had to be seen against the 4.6 per cent achieved in 2004, the highest in the past 10 years, and against the 5 per cent anticipated in the near future, unless special measures were taken, in particular the provision of financing for a major leap forward for Africa.
Kennedy was the youngest man elected President; he was the youngest to die.
Page
Network file transfer protocols
3. This fourth and final progress report presents findings on the extent to which entities are realizing benefits from the adoption of IPSAS, the current state of progress in its implementation in the United Nations and its peacekeeping operations and the current state of progress in the remaining entities going live in 2014.
All of the agenda items listed in CD/1864 are important.
Environmental risks in the home and workplace may have a disproportionate impact on women's health because of women's different susceptibilities to the toxic effects of various chemicals.
An earlier set of studies, for instance, showed that aid does make a difference in countries with good governance and sound macro-economic policies.
B2.4: CBD to link with the thematic programme networks of the UNCCD.
Joan: I caught a cab. My sister has always hated my driving skills!
The Antillean Co-financing Organization (AMFO) was set up for this purpose in 2003.
18. Mr. Abdellatif (Egypt), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
64. Plans for the conference include discussion of investing in human capital; boosting social protection; setting up effective labour market regulatory mechanisms; laying the groundwork for sustainable wage growth; ensuring respect for fundamental labour rights; and reinforcing social dialogue to promote decent work.
In that connection, she called attention to the centre's activities to celebrate the sixtieth anniversary of United Nations peacekeeping operations, with the collaboration of universities and Government departments, which had culminated in the publication of a book entitled Helmets for Peace.
Given the fact that UNISPACE III is the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, such a description of how the various programmes and agencies within the United Nations use space applications within their mandate is important.
B. Right to life, liberty and security of the person
The reference to "other" obligations under peremptory norms was particularly apt in that context in that it indicated clearly that the prohibitions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of paragraph 1 could also be counted as peremptory norms.
This day is politically important for the Committee, and it is organized by the Committee secretariat.
Coverage of the ICPD RH goal and population and poverty linkages in MDGRs.
 Exchange is mutual because each visitor participates in family and community activities, as well as the host school's special reception programme and its normal daily studies.
Join the Association of Image Consultants International (http://www.aici.org/) and see if you can work as an apprentice to someone who has already established herself in the field.
Adoption of the report
The capacity of tableware is 2,000 thousand doz per year.
On the other hand, emissions of carbon dioxide can be reduced simply by using biofuels, made from plants whose carbon dioxide “price” was paid via uptake of the very same gas from the atmosphere during their growth.
A rational decisionmaker takes an action if and only if the marginal benefit of the action exceeds the marginal cost.
1 Service statistics strategy
They can send e-mail, photos and news of China.
It is a role that will fall to Japan for Asian-Pacific issues, but to European countries on global issues.
AhMinable Echoes of the Raindow is now becoming my all-time-favourite movie!
But poorer countries, for which international capital markets remain off limits, have no alternative but to rely on the World Bank and IMF.
Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee: introductory statement
Accordingly, the centres in Dakar, Lagos, Nairobi, Pretoria and Yaoundé would assume a broader subregional programmatic mandate and take on a coordinating role in providing strategic communications guidance and support to existing United Nations information centres in Africa, in close cooperation with other United Nations organizations active on the ground.
The following measures have been introduced to implement the recommendation:
C. External debt
(d) Total income increased from $1,118 million in 1999 to $1,139 million in 2000, representing an increase of $21 million (2 per cent).
Image Retrieval has always been active research problem in multi - media information retrieval.
238. The Committee is concerned that there are no special laws aimed at bringing about women’s de facto as well as de jure equality and that the Government has not demonstrated a commitment to introduce special, temporary measures in the near future.
255. In areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction, the provisions of the Convention apply only to activities and processes carried out under a Contracting Party's jurisdiction or control which may have an adverse impact on biological diversity.
occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources
b. Development of the logistical plans for media coverage of major global conferences and summits, representation on behalf of the Department in on-site planning missions, negotiations with the host Government and the interdepartmental planning task force and visits of the Secretary-General and other senior United Nations officials;
The paper studied the optimized technology of water goose and its quality control technique.
Two weeks after being appointed, however, two members of the High Council of the Judiciary resigned, thereby jeopardizing the reform's chances of success.
(c) Meso level.
27 national experts
 72. In its resolution 36/117 A of 10 December 1981, the General Assembly requested the Committee on Conferences to undertake a comprehensive study of the rationale that determined the provision of meeting records to United Nations organs.
He realized that the next few hours might be his last opportunity to scan their pages.
8. HIV/AIDS
In the same context, the Ministry of Labour has formed a committee consisting of a number of ministries, civil society organizations, international organizations and relevant embassies to propose legal provisions to protect the position and affairs of female domestic servants.
Two is a seaman character than bad, usual safety of seaman management the level operate the ability with seaman low;
Since the result of the ballot has again been inconclusive, there still remains one seat to be filled from among the Latin American and Caribbean States.
II. Cooperation at the regional and international levels in the area of counter-terrorism
22. The Chairman said that the sponsor had proposed that the item should be considered directly in plenary meeting.
In Ireland we are no strangers to transnational organized crime in all its forms.
They finally settled on the terms of the agreement.
In experiments, we used the 2793K halogen tungsten lamp to irradiate the detector of CCD143A and measured the values of photometry and radiometry.
Many Pitcairn Islanders have strong links with New Zealand, and some are dual United Kingdom and New Zealand nationals.
Report of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice
Urban per capita income is more than triple the average in rural areas.
15. Upon enquiry as to the commitment authority mentioned in paragraph 47 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/63/314), the Advisory Committee was informed that 12 positions would be required (3 P-4 Legal Officers, 3 P-3 positions, 3 General Service staff and 3 National Officers).
Implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action had been slow, but its midterm review would afford landlocked and transit developing countries the opportunity fully to assess progress and the reasons for the tardiness.
Turkish policymakers see nuclear power as an almost indispensable tool for enhancing energy security and reducing the import bill.
you need a new car! New Word and expressions attendan
Subsequently, an urgent preliminary Appeal for Emergency Assistance to Tajikistan amounting to $20,398,220 was launched by the Department of Humanitarian Affairs on 11 January 1993, with a UNHCR component amounting to $7,850,000.
Listen, I have to catch this guy. I know you. You have to catch him too.
Formerly I did not use the same language I do now and I had a small circulation among a few intellectuals.
Italy templates
At its 24th meeting, on 7 December 2006, the Committee of Permanent Representatives approved a set of such proposals for the twenty-first session, especially with regard to the high-level segment, the dialogue and the theme for the session.
International Association of Fire Fighters
base with broader half broadly cuneate, margin undulate or rarely entire, apex short acuminate.
7. Encourages the United Nations, including its specialized agencies, regional intergovernmental organizations, mandate holders, interested institutions and independent experts and non-governmental organizations to develop regular dialogue and cooperation with the Special Rapporteur in the fulfilment of his mandate;
And those new oil and gas deals will buttress both economies.
After an assessment, the Ombudsman sends the competent bodies such recommendations as may be necessary in order to prevent or remedy any injustices (article 23 of the Constitution) (see more details on the competences and functions of the Ombudsman in paras. 271 - 277 below);
It should come as no wonder that smallholders and agricultural laborers represent a combined 70% of those who are unable to feed themselves today.
I am very glad to meet you, he said to Mrs. Vance when Carrie introduced him, showing much of the old grace which had captivated Carrie.
My delegation wishes to commend the Secretary-General for the efforts made in enhancing the utilization of the United Nations Office at Nairobi.
Kakha Kaladze: he is an important player for us, he is a great player and I think that one day he will win the golden ball.
It is proposed that the Arab Center for the Studies of Arid Zones and Dry Lands (ACSAD) shall act as the central work unit at the subregional level (Arab countries, Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan).
He also admitted that he wanted to use UPS because in September 2006 he had used FedEx to ship ammunition in two boxes from New York to Côte d'Ivoire and a box had been intercepted in Abidjan.
Europe's aging facilities, and large number of panels that reach their end of life, in the U. S.
The Spring Creek Prairie Audubon Center in Denton, Nebraska, is home to red-headed woodpeckers (above), among other birds and wildlife.
The preparation of the present framework comes at a time of growing attention to the new dynamics found within the South and the expanding nature of South-South cooperation.
And love and freedom go together -- you cannot choose one and leave the other
The Ping Shan Tang Clan Gallery displays various relics belonging to the members of the Tang Clan who personally relate their history, customs and cultural life;
At country level, the "three ones" concept (one agreed HIV/AIDS action framework, one national AIDS coordinating authority and one agreed country-level monitoring and evaluation system) is providing an important framework for increased efficiency.
WikiProject China
Oh, for God sakes, Charlie, I am tired of listening to this.
 For most of us, this decision was a constructive one, that will enable small delegations, such as ours, to benefit fully from the activities of the Centre.
We are commited to enhancing the understanding that sustainable development and environmental security are essential pillars for peace.
Here are a few of the most enigmatic.
2. MARPOL 73/78
(United States dollars)
Emotional pain comes from not feeling loved, and when a person is feeling emotional pain it is hard to be loving.
The pain becomes more intense when the weather is bad.
The report also draws on information from a number of academic sources, but does not purport to provide an exhaustive synthesis of available information.
This thesis begins with a summary of research on cyber education and learning adaptability home and abroad and probes research methods on learning adaptability in cyber education.
HA will also strengthen the services of its Substance Abuse Clinic for drug addicts with mental health problems.
One is always above the weather if living in such a environment.
As a follow-up, UNDCP prepared a draft outline for fellowship programmes in drug impurity profiling.
2.11 At the hearing held by the Inter-District Court, the representative of the MoJ asserted that even a single "shortcoming" would suffice to justify the return of a registration application "without consideration", and that the author had admitted himself that the application had contained certain "shortcomings".
This wheeling system program supports any kind of lottery games such as Lotto, Powerball, Keno, or any Pick 3 to Pick 10 games.
5.How can you wish your children to be honest, if you are not honest (/if you lie/tell lies) .
"Progress report: Implementation of post-Doha technical assistance work in the area of investment: Report by the UNCTAD secretariat"
It agreed to consider this matter further at its thirty-first session in the light of information to be provided by the Secretariat on the results of the Committee's incremental strategy.
The findings, which held true for all classes and levels of parental education, overturn a 100 year consensus that men and women average the same in general mental ability.
Cyclone in India and crash of an Egyptian airplane
After the National Year Six Examinations, there is a decrease in the survival rate, where 46.2 per cent of pupils survive to start year seven.
Early detection of neuro-development disorders, aimed at improving the quality of life of children aged 0 to 5 through the early diagnosis and treatment of developmental and neurocognitive disorders.
Intellectual property is the name commonly given to a group of separate intangible property rights.These include trade marks, patents, copyright, designs, plant varieties and the layout design of integrated circuits.
79. While noting Senegal's tradition of democracy, good governance and press freedom, Ireland noted concerns regarding them and urged Senegal to act on the promise made by the President in 2004 to reform the press law and to eliminate prison terms for press offences.
You'll get 'em next time.
Its weakness is the fuzziness of peer review.
Alongside the substantial success in financing achieved through GEF for specific areas, financial constraints, in general, remain a major impediment to meeting the urgent requirements of the international environmental agenda.
The night was bitterly cold.
As we all know, despite assertions of progress and movement, and despite the genuine and intensive efforts of those involved, particularly the tenacious work of the chair of the intergovernmental negotiations, Ambassador Tanin, the debate on Security Council reform has stagnated.
Development of a progress assessment tool to be piloted in 2 facilities (Zwedru and Voinjama) to determine the progress made within the last two years (July 2011-June 2013) in establishing basic farming activities
Mr. Djani (Indonesia): Mr. President, like others I would also like to congratulate you and all the P-6 presidents, as well as your delegation, for your untiring efforts.
It is an important consist part of the FAS.
2,2',3,4,5,5' hexabromobiphenyl
all right  do what i do   all right?
12. Recognize that human rights education can play a crucial role in enhancing respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and can contribute to the promotion of human rights, the prevention of human rights violations and the achievement of a culture of peace;
Democracy is a concept that includes, among other things.
Anything that is dropped falls towards the centre of the earth because of the pull of gravity.
The statue was erected in a damp grove at Olympia.
Mario Čerkez: g., v., c.
7. Groups of countries in special situations [item 22]
Setting realistic levels of costs and receipts.
It is estimated also that 25,000 web site users would download recurrent publications, compared with 17,000 during the biennium 2002-2003.
A master's degree programme has also been fully developed in Environmental Security and Peace -- a critical issue for the twenty-first century -- and will be operational in August 2005.
This shift in trade pattern is reflected also in the dramatic decline in so-called "Liberian" rough entering markets like Antwerp and a steep decline in the number of diamonds passing through Monrovia.
Iraq has submitted its national report in accordance with its obligations under Security Council resolution 1540 (2004).
We support the efforts of the Al-Maliki Government, which are aimed at preventing renewed spiral of crisis in the country.
50. Racist hate propaganda was disseminated on a widespread basis as far back as 1993, especially by Radio-T\x{5e68}ision Libre des Milles Collines, a private radio station owned by members of President Habyarimana's party.
In favour: Australia, Canada, Eritrea, India, Pakistan, United States of America.
11:4 Chinese Style  The couple divorced because of the third person
(b) On 2-4 February 2010, the ISU participated in the Workshop on the Implementation of Security Council Resolution 1540 in Nairobi, Kenya, and held bilateral consultations with the delegations of Cameroon and the United Republic of Tanzania.
Terms of reference
His Excellency Mr. Antonio Mascarenhas Monteiro, President of the Republic of Cape Verde
(a) To consider the creation or the strengthening of independent and autonomous ombudsman, mediator and other national human rights institutions at the national and, where applicable, the local level;
With regard to draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.14, she said that in the last preambular paragraph the word “non-exhaustive” should be inserted between “general” and “frame of reference”.
19 Ibid. According to FAO statistics, today about 47 per cent of the major marine fish stocks or species groups are fully exploited and offer no reasonable expectations for further expansion, another 18 per cent of stocks or species groups are overexploited and 10 per cent have become significantly depleted or are recovering from depletion, leaving only 25 per cent of the main stocks or species groups underexploited or moderately exploited.
Alistair Darling, UK chancellor of the exchequer, said on Monday that he planned legislation this year to force banks to write living wills.
The Meeting of States Parties shall elect a President and four Vice-Presidents.
As Eritrea demonstrated with specific instances, the members of the Monitoring Group appeared to go to unprecedented lengths to wage a crusade against the Government of Eritrea, the People's Front for Democracy and Justice, respectable and law-abiding members of the Eritrean community in the diaspora, as well as foreign friends of Eritrea, including some honorary councils.
The draft resolution entitled "Persons displaced as a result of the June 1967 and subsequent hostilities" (A/C.4/62/L.11) was adopted, by a recorded vote of 158 to 6, with 1 abstention.
Standing Committee on Domestic Policy, Justice, Human Rights and Constitutional Guarantees;
Observer: Haiti.
Moreover, soaring commodity prices have had remarkably little impact on inflation.
In Argentina, it took a 30% inflation rate, massive corruption scandals, and restrictions on foreign-currency purchases to bring about a slim majority for the center-right Mauricio Macri in the recent presidential election.
I thought you'd be pleased.
This may occur in areas of high rainfall or in coastal regions where rivers flow into the ocean.
The coach didn't understand how busy you were.
In developing its work programme, the MPWG took into consideration a number of waste management principles including the following:
Said they will consult with the representative and reply to the request.
In the confluence of the multitude, several clubs crossed; blows, aimed at me, fell on other sconces.
Publication: 11 June 1931
28 April 2010
The discussions had shed more light on the important issue of technology transfer via FDI and other TNC activities.
Hurrying over to him, the former guard said, "Listen, pal, drinks are on the house tonight if you'll do me a favor: Just tell me what the hell you were smuggling all that time
The independent candidates managed to receive 15 seats.
14. As to the budget proposal before it for the period 2007/08, the Advisory Committee notes that the major factors determining changes to the results-based frameworks as compared to 2006/07 include increased activities resulting from requests in Security Council resolution 1721 (2006), namely the disarmament of militia groups under component 2 (disarmament, demobilization, reintegration, repatriation and resettlement); and the completion of the identification process in time for the holding of presidential elections by 31 October 2007 under component 4 (peace process).
1. Military items
The long-term consequences remain to be seen; in the Exxon Valdez catastrophe, it took three years for the full effects to be felt on the ecosystem.
 Thus, two reports were postponed, whereas, five publications and one report were terminated to avoid duplication with other programmes.
They lived underneath a crushing tyranny.
Topics discussed in the forums of good governance included constitutionalism, the role of alternative opinions, the role of the military in a democracy, community policing, overcoming impunity and promoting accountability, and the constitutionalism role of Parliament and committees.
Apply enough force, though, and you will go past what is known as the elastic limit and the object will be deformed permanently.
Castel Focognano
Let us work together with Beijing as long dream of it!
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full;
In 1998, the Inter-Agency Committee reviewed the work done, as a first step, on the compilation and assessment of existing guidelines.
8. Therefore, it is important to maintain the international commitment to cooperation through real technology transfer, the development of productive capacities and unhindered transit traffic, taking into account the difficulties and obstacles faced by landlocked developing countries due to their geographical situation.
If your boss doesn't know someone in human resources should be able to answer your questions.
Along with 20)perch and 21)pike from nearby lakes, he ate wild plants like 22)nettles, berries and 23)tubers, as well as mice and rats.
All the necessary small parts, the lubricants and additives, that will not be available.
19. Ms. SCHÖPP-SCHILLING requested the Secretariat to draw up a list of the decisions that the Committee had taken regarding procedures, which could be reviewed by Working Group I at the summer session.
It would be highly desirable that more donors follow this practice.
The needs for the relevant data and information were also recognized, and discussed on a number of occasions.
The sky is so dark.
For absolutely leak-tight joints, the peaks must be deformed with torque until a large portion of mating surfaces is in microscopic contact.
Don't you men ever think about anything important?
The national authorities have failed to adequately investigate the serious human rights violations committed by members of the security forces, including at the time of the events in Kinshasa early in 2007.
10. The Advisory Committee was also informed that, as at 31 December 2009, $2,230,000 was owed for troops and $891,000 for contingent-owned equipment.
In addition, the United Nations will join the secretariat of the Committee on a secondment basis.
Two examples below, railways in Zambia and an airport in Chile, illustrate the application of competition law.
V. Recommendations for achievable goals and targets
(f) Report of the Secretary-General on policy options and actions for expediting progress in implementation: a 10-year framework of programmes on sustainable consumption and production patterns (E/CN.17/2011/8);
Sabina Deitrickgetat the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania, is an expert on cities.
I hope you can consider it carefully before you make the decision
III. REPLY RECEIVED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS 14
He informed the Executive Board that DOS had incorporated the process of disclosure in its procedures manual and developed a detailed process chart to reflect decisions 2008/37 and 2009/15.
Statement submitted by Family Welfare in Brazil Civil Society, a non-governmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Chargeable  Non-chargeable Income
3. They welcomed the efforts made by the Government of Iraq to ensure the protection of children, in particular the commitment to adopt measures to criminalize the recruitment and use of children in armed conflict, the ratification of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflict, the signing of the Convention on Cluster Munitions and the steps taken to establish an intergovernmental committee on Security Council resolution 1612 (2005) to support the United Nations monitoring and reporting mechanism on children and armed conflict.
7. The present report assesses actual performance against the planned results-based-budgeting frameworks set out in the 2010/11 budget.
Now, from the days when it was always summer in Eden, to these days when it is mostly winter in fallen latitudes, the world of a man has invariably gone one way--Charles Darnay's way--the way of the love of a woman.
14. At 1040 hours on 28 April 1999, United States and United Kingdom aircraft coming from Saudi and Kuwaiti airspace violated Iraqi airspace in the southern region. They included F-14s, F-15s and F-16s.
But a message queue or set of input arguments can also be thought of as a data source.
2. Right to life, liberty and security of the person
E/CN.15/2003/CRP.1
The first and most important reason is that.....
"People would definitely be surprised at how venomous fish are, " says Dr. Leo Smith, assistant fish curator at the Field Museum in Chicago.
At the end of the show, many bouquets of flowers were presented to her.
So if the poor think did want you to tickle her you deserve to get scratched.
People don't care about that.They like my voice.
Furthermore, armed conflicts not of an international character fell entirely within the domestic jurisdiction of the State concerned, in which case the Statute’s provisions in that connection violated both the principle of the sovereignty of States and the principle of complementarity.
It assisted the African Free and Open Source Foundation (FOSSFA) in establishing an action plan and constitution.
The linear regression equation on the relationship between peroxide content in acrylonitrile and PAN fiber yellowness was obtained by regression analysis.
What name is it, please?
The allowable bending radius is not less 6 times( unscreened ) or 8 times(screened) of outside diameter of the cables.
Expenditures for the period totalled $44,607,700 gross ($42,398,200 net), resulting in an unutilized balance of appropriation of $15,392,300 gross ($13,520,600 net), or 26 per cent of the total appropriation, and an unutilized balance of assessments of $1,423,377 gross ($603,627 net).
5.5 In terms of women's role, Tuvaluan society perceive women within the stereotyped role of mother, and housewife with full responsibilities of doing household chores, caring and nurturing children whilst men are the head of the household and the authority within the family.
" I says.
It is vain to attempt to root out heresy by force.
The middle has been hollowed out, on-the-job training is rare and good posts hard to come by.
Mr. Chairman, the situations I have described underline the importance of remaining constantly sensitive to the need to improve the management of our refugee protection mandate, particularly in emergency situations.
How could  it be, after all this time?
President, CUHK-TWGHs Community College
(b) Request to the Joint Inspection Unit to assist the Commission on Human Rights to monitor systematically the implementation of Commission resolution 2005/72 and to submit a followup comprehensive review of the implementation of the decisions of the Commission and other United Nations intergovernmental bodies regarding the management, programmes and administration of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in particular, with regard to their impact on the recruitment policies and the composition of the staff, to the Commission at its sixtythird session and to the General Assembly at its sixtyfirst session, containing any concrete proposals for corrective action, if required, for the implementation of the relevant intergovernmental bodies' resolutions, including Commission resolution 2005/72.
C ++ Be a static data type checking, and support for multiple programming paradigms common programming languages.
 Performance generally reflected strong growth in tourism and in offshore financial services, as well as increased domestic investment, with the gross domestic product recorded at US$ 90.2 million.
(c) In undertaking investigative procedures, the treaty bodies should make special efforts to elicit information about the situation of women in the area of inquiry;
The United States is deeply concerned about the recent fighting in Eastern Congo, which has caused considerable human suffering and which has seriously threatened to further destabilize the region.
The State party finds this argument unfounded, as the refusal by the court to request a supervisory review as a result to D.T.'s application in no way means that the complainant's appeal would also be rejected, if lodged.
Some Governments, including those of Italy, France and South Africa have made efforts to ensure that their schools offer organic food to their students.
Lawyer to help your application and get you ready for interview is important.
A number of outreach activities have been carried out under the project, including workshops on submitting periodic reports to United Nations treaty bodies, training for judges, procurators and other judicial officers, and the translation into Azeri, publication and distribution of international documents.
We look forward to the early transition to the United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH), once a stable and secure environment has been established.
For this a public administration system which provides and maintains a transparent and impartial system of law and which is utterly predictable represents a firm basis for development.
Armor  plate is impenetrable by ordinary bullets.
Chinese basketball team did their best at today's game.
In study the worst danger is give up halfway.
Projects currently at the planning stage include community-based orientation courses for the minorities (including women), and a related 'train the trainers' programme for the course leaders.
[56] The Ivorian Code des douanes nationale (National Customs Code) entered into force in 1964.
These employees consequently stayed in Iraq for various periods until they were repatriated.
Ratifying CRC - Palau's Position: Palau accepts this recommendation as it ratified CRC in 1994 and is working on its next report while following up on its obligations to this instrument.
If only there were forty-eighty hours in a day
Really, someone to deal with everything here in Britain.
Beyond the Global Health Initiative, United States health diplomacy focuses on promoting pandemic preparedness, implementing the International Health Regulations, addressing environmental health issues and emerging infectious diseases, eradicating polio and responding to biosecurity threats.
The 58% of the population who live in rural areas, especially the 53% who are female, have been neglected. They are the orphans of development.
National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
You've been working out regularly for quite a while, but you're nowhere near your fitness goals.
India's inflation rate surpassed eight percent last week, its highest level in four years.
You remember not getting to kiss your child goodbye or talking to him in front of his friends.
In Table 2: For UN 1017 add "5.1" in column "Subsidiary risk".
Please provide updated data, disaggregated by type of violence and the relationship of the perpetrator to the victim, on reported and prosecuted criminal acts pertaining to violence against women, including domestic violence (CEDAW/C/POL/CO/6, para. 19).
The sponsor indicated its readiness to examine the proposed changes.
24. Independent information indicated that, under the traditional laws of one community in Sabah, a wife had no exercisable right of survivorship in the event of her husband's death and could not claim any property acquired by either party during the marriage.
The robot can move its lips, eyebrows and even pupils freely to make faces and can emit two kinds of fragrances to match its emotions.South Korean researchers said Monday they have developed a robot which can dance and get emotional when its not tackling the chores.Mahru can move its lips, eyebrows and even pupils freely to make faces and can emit two kinds of fragrances to match its emotions.
Report considered: Fifth periodic report (due on 4 February 1998), submitted on 14 December 2006.
So there is a gift we can give to our loved ones – our total, unconditional, acceptance.
It wasn't a meeting Between two Scylla cardholders, agent Self.
The UNU Council has already approved the budget for the biennium 2008-2009 for Atlas and the migration to Atlas is targeted for 1 January 2009.
Extensive training programmes for the AMISOM leadership, medical staff and troops must be developed, promoted, implemented and sustained by the UNSOA Chief Medical Officer.
Like the Amazon wagon, the V 70 features pronounced'shoulders'and slight but visible tail fins.
None of these items were precisely the ones to minister to a mind diseased.
No. no, I didn't yes, you did!
It saw protection of human rights as including the restoration to its people of assets diverted through corruption, and also believed that moral renewal in Nicaraguan society would ensure that future generations would control its political, economic and social direction.
The following products and processes have alternative technologies available, but there are economic, technical, social, and/or institutional challenges identified that remain.
The girl you brought to the party was fifteen.
6.2 For the end mentioned in Section 6.1 of the Contract, Licensee shall, before selling or distribution any of the Contract Products, furnish to Licensor free of cost, for its written approval, a reasonable number of samples of each Contract Product, its cartons, containers and packing and wrapping material
You assume that you and the person(s) will establish a good connection (rapport).
Tenth emergency special session
For instance, sustainable land management practices may not be demanded by farmers, due to limited knowledge about their effectiveness.
aircraft of the Government Flying Service operating for the purposes of fire fighting or prevention, life-saving, casualty evacuation or police operations; or
In each session, they showed the monkeys a sequence of four shapes (out of a possible 10) on a screen. The monkeys then had to choose either a red target or a green target; if they picked the right one, they increased the odds they would receive a small drink reward.
Estimate 2006: 0
There's a knocking sound and a muffled thump from outside the room. I open my eyes.
He adores Hemingway with true devotion.
When it realises its position, it can only bleat helplessly and can never find its way back.
But in Chinese culture, it's OK to ask.
I was deeply touched by the changes of weather I experienced today.
Summary
Christine was a beautiful girl.
4. These assistance missions, which are liable to take place over an extended period of time, may be implemented with the aid of international financing (via the G-8 Global Partnership, the IAEA Nuclear Security Fund, European or national funding, etc).
77. Welcomes and encourages further efforts by the Government of Afghanistan and its neighbouring partners to foster trust and cooperation with each other, and looks forward, where appropriate, to increasing cooperation between Afghanistan, all its neighbouring and regional partners and regional organizations against the Taliban, AlQaida and other extremist and criminal groups and illegal armed groups and in promoting peace and prosperity in Afghanistan, in the region and beyond;
Canada places a priority on the establishment of the Treaty verification system and, as such, is a leader among Member States in contributing resources, equipment and expertise to the development of the Treaty's International Monitoring System.
Globalization has expanded the set of stakeholders far beyond the immediate community in which an enterprise has its headquarters.
The Chair added that the working procedures and policy guidance for the Committee, which had been reviewed by the Conference of the Parties, confirmed that such data were acceptable.
(d) The Working Party will also review the results of a survey of publications issued during the previous year, as well as any in-depth readership surveys of selected publications which will have been conducted; readership surveys should be conducted on an annual basis; in the light of recent experience, the secretariat should seek to improve the design, methodology and scope of readership surveys so that they fulfil their crucial role;
The Core Local Poverty Indicators (CLPIs) were approved by National Anti Poverty Commission (NAPC) En Banc Resolution 7 in March 2003, for local poverty monitoring and institutionalized at the local level through DILG MC 2003-92 providing for the adoption of the CLPI in local planning.
Moreover, teachers were known to ask children for money when they for instance broke a rule.
Article 76.State?owned enterprises and enterprises holding stocks purchased with state?owned assets may not speculate in stocks being traded on the market.
31. body His body was brought back to England for burial
Both systems are capable of carrying WMD payloads.
I feel Mom with me always.
A state of urgency or eagerness.
Election of officers
They take it as an article of faith that the exchange rate will in fact rise to neutralize the trade effects of a border adjustment tax.
A/60/299 Item 73 (b) of the provisional agenda - - Human rights questions: human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms - - National institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights - - Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
In fact, he was taken to the MoI where for the next three days he was subjected to torture, to force him to confess to the armed robbery of Sulaymonov's apartment.
50. The launch of the International Partnership against AIDS in Africa was announced at the eleventh International Conference on AIDS and Sexually Transmitted Diseases in Africa, held in Lusaka in September 1999.
The Commission or training institution may give reward to those who are outstanding in performance.
16 November
 About 3 per cent of the seats in Parliament were held by women.
Mediation is not the exclusive occupation of envoys and does not end with the signing of a peace agreement.
Discover Magazine announced in 1995 that a highly respected biologist, Aprile Pazzo (Italian for April Fool) had discovered a new species in Antarctica: the hotheaded naked ice borer
This principle is also reflected in Principle 10 of the Rio Declaration and in Principle 23 of the World Charter for Nature.
This strengthened field capacity has also had the benefit of bringing the Organization's services closer to its stakeholders and clients in the countries concerned. Table
Caffaro
30. I am encouraged by the Unity Team's substantial commitment to the settlement proposal, which I continue to fully support and regard as a fair and balanced proposal.
Naturally, some European governments look to them for financial support when others are hesitant.
To provide policymakers with hard facts about the benefits of ICTs for economic development, to better target national and global policy formulation.
12. Urges States, while ensuring full compliance with their international obligations, to ensure the rule of law and to include adequate human rights guarantees in their national procedures for the listing of individuals and entities with a view to combating terrorism;
Table 6
So in the construction period, the stable control must well be done.
Chatterbox An extremely talkative person e. g. She talked away like a chatterbox.
Proposed staffing table for 2009 - 2010
assembling line assemble a machine / n. There was a large assembly yesterday
Diatomicelements
They are scheduled to visit a five-megawatt reactor, a nuclear fuel fabrication plant and a reprocessing plant in the Yongbyon nuclear complex.
It was emphasized that the Subcommittee had an important role to play in that regard.
:: MTC members will work actively, including through IMO, to consider some international means of facilitating proof of negligence not only for shipowners, but also for charterers, cargo interests, classification societies and others, where they have wilfully taken advantage of the existence of sub-standard shipping. Conclusion
You must come back. Give me a call sometime.Call me sometime
30 August 1993 (a)
Statements were made by the following Member States: Egypt (on behalf of the African Group), Mexico, Germany, France, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Nigeria, Belgium, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Brazil, Argentina, Norway, the Republic of Korea, the Syrian Arab Republic and Algeria.
402. Lack of access to consumption and rights was also a serious issue because the poor people did not understand the law and their rights, which was easy to be exploited.
Basic orbital parameters
Treated mosquito nets were distributed throughout the country in 2011 and 2012.
In that endeavour, technology had great potential; for example, the all sources intelligence fusion unit (ASIFU) in Mali would soon be operational, providing unprecedented capacity for gathering information on threats to civilians and peacekeeping personnel.
鈥淵es锛?it won't do for you to stay with me when I increase my household with a wife and children锛屸€?said the smallest.
They are also one of the core providers of support for dependants, whether young, old or disabled.
Which does mobile telephone game have to war platform?
In accordance with rule 7 of the rules of procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, which also apply, insofar as they are practicable, to the proceedings of its subsidiary organs, at the beginning of each session the Group of Experts shall adopt the agenda for that session.
One of the key elements in the implementation of NEPAD is the African Peer Review Mechanism.
The real test will come when he turns words into deeds.
' he said abruptly.
(c) Build broad-based partnerships for waste management at local, national and international levels;
In accordance with the provisions of article 3, paragraph 3 (iii), of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 as amended by the 1972 Protocol, the Commission will examine a recommendation by the World Health Organization to the effect that the substance oripavine should be included in Schedule I of the 1961 Convention as amended.
Recommendation 7
Convinced that human rights education should involve more than the provision of information and should constitute a comprehensive lifelong process by which people at all levels of development and in all societies learn respect for the dignity of others and the means and methods of ensuring that respect in all societies,
Today is about our giant pandas here and what we've learned about them in the past year and a half, what we will continue to learn about them and how it applies to the wild
(a) That, in accordance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the ideal of free human beings enjoying freedom from fear and want can be achieved only if conditions are created whereby everyone may enjoy his or her economic, social and cultural rights, as well as his or her civil and political rights;
Like a weight-lifter's biceps, this portion of the brain enlarges to accommodate the increased labour assigned to it.
52. In the absence of a universally accepted definition, companies may have recourse to the definition provided in ILO Convention No. 169, which has been also been used by States that have not ratified the Convention in their legislation or policies concerning indigenous people, and by numerous international organizations and some companies.
Instead of complying, the author sent a number of documents certifying his temporary incapacity for duty.
He was vomiting blood some hours after his release.
More than four decades have passed since the International Law Commission decided to begin a study of State responsibility.
A fundamental way to guard against marginalization is to promote and protect the rights of older persons.
The Paris Commune of 1871 remained a potent force in Europe for several generations afterwards.
Abstract: The elementary principles and methods of carbon dioxide fixation by coordination and insertion reactions of transition metal complexes catalysis are reviewed.
Agenda item 142
Look, Mom, one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool.
Inter-agency Programme of International Assistance to Areas Affected by the Chernobyl Disaster;
1. Appropriations totalling 3,798,912,500 United States dollars are hereby approved for the following purposes:
It would be well to keep in mind that the 1986 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations had still not entered into force 20 years after its adoption. One of the main reasons for that situation was the lack of clarity on the scope of international organizations covered by that Convention.
Election of officers
In response to this, Government inherited a process spearheaded by the civil society that led to the enactment of the Prevention of Domestic Violence Act in April, 2006.
(b) Enhanced capacity of the African Union Commission and the regional economic communities, namely: the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) and the Community of Sahelo-Saharan States (CEN-SAD) to implement relevant priorities of NEPAD, the African Union 10-year capacity-building programme and multi-year programmes developed with COMESA and CEN-SAD
In many situations involving commercial fraud, however, there are insufficient funds to meet the competing civil claims from private parties.
United Nations Conference
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1737 (2006)
Work harder or you will fall behind others.
The small diameter and rapid movement of coronary arteries and their complex geometry make artifact-free scanning a challenge, they wrote.
15. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East (item 134):
Sources: Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, Development Assistance Committee, Development Cooperation Report, various years, table 31 (Paris); United Nations, "Comprehensive statistical analysis of the financing of operational activities for development of the United Nations system for 2007" (A/64/75-E/2009/59) and updated data provided by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Development Cooperation and Policy Branch, 22 March 2010; World Bank, World Development Indicators 10 (Washington, D.C., 2010), tables 6.1 and 6.11, and World Development Indicators and Global Development Finance online (http://www.worldbank.org, accessed on 16 March 2010, with updates in progress); United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), Foreign Direct Investment database (www.unctad.org/Template/Page.asp?intItemID=1923, accessed on 1 February 2010) and UNCTAD Central Statistics and Information Retrieval Branch.
76. The Millennium Development Goals Campaign unit is in place and the building blocks of the Campaign itself are steadily taking shape, with a sharp acceleration of work expected in the next three to six months.
it is very important to have a knowledge of English and computer nowadays.
As Peter Brantley, Director of Technology for the California Digital Library, has put it: “We have a moral imperative to reach out to our library shelves, grab the material that is orphaned, and set it on top of scanners.”
Tama Talum prosecution
Mr. KEENE (United States of America), speaking in explanation of vote before the vote, said that his Government, which was the largest donor to UNRWA, would have preferred to have had one resolution adopted by consensus.
Determination of lead in zinc can of primary battery by means of strontium nitrate-lead chromate capacity method
" This advice pleased the lion
Element II. Development of mini-presentations (in year one) detailing current practices for (a) turnover/output data collection (including prescribed levels for industry products); and (b) price data collection and methodsa,b (where relevant, both types of mini-presentations include sections on implications for classifications and national accounts).
Okay. Speak slowly and let me wash them for you.
That wand needs replacing, Mr. Weasley.
What's your opinion?
Standing east of the line you are in the eastern half of the world.Standing on the other side you are in thewestern half of the world.
President Xi Jinping led a delegation to the 2014 Nuclear Security Summit, held at The Hague, where he systematically explained China's approach to nuclear security.
9. Specifically, the Summit agreed that there was an urgent need to establish a stabilization force to restore confidence and security in the country.
Why do you think she have to stand in the train in the evening?
Submitted by: Ms. Yekaterina Pavlovna Lantsova (represented by Ms. Karina Moskalenko, International Protection Center)
Life rewards the 13)courageous few.
Table 5 provided a detailed breakdown of the diversification by geography.
An account of the Committee's consideration of the sub-item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/61/SR.24 and 32).
(b) 24 members;
It enabled government and civil society partners to participate actively in the preparation of reports, guaranteed the ownership of the process, and achieved results. Strategic focus and coherence
Refrigerators, domestic
Assessment of Regional Systolic Function in Myocardial Infarction Patients by Time Velocity Integral
Subject to those changes, the Working Group adopted the substance of section E of the Introduction.
But officials say the blockade might be eased to permit more civilian goods into Gaza.
Costs are based on estimates provided by the Common Services Unit of UNBONN, and have been slightly adjusted (in the 1 July 2013 version) to reflect a 7 % increase requested by UNBONN from 2014, as well as the potential need to moderately expand the space requirements for additional GM staff members, beyond the space already allocated to the UNCCD.
Czech Republicc
Sand resource with good quality is very rich in Tancheng county, which mainly concentrates in Yihe and Shuhe river.
2 p.m.-
CRC/C/70/Add.4
For the sake of democracy, we must take action to solidify basic norms of decency and transparency in vital election campaigns.
The leadership shown by key players lends important momentum to our efforts to rid the world of nuclear weapons but the onus is on all of us to seize the opportunity that lies before us.
Some delegations encouraged UNFPA to continue collaborating with UN-Women in such areas as gender equality and HIV prevention.
7. The $96,871,800 estimated administrative costs for the biennium 2012-2013 will result in an underexpenditure of $1,047,800, or 1.1 per cent.
For the recipient countries, such as the Russian Federation and Ukraine, migration is helping to lift some labour supply constraints.
There had been little disagreement on paragraph (2).
Notes
15 April 2002
As a result, the monks looped the "t" around the "a" and created it into a circle-eliminating two strokes of the pen.
Furthermore, the global minimum of the error function is verified to be the terminal attractor of the error evolution equation, which guarantees the NNs learning process converge within finite time.
The first myth and stereotype is that the victim must have used all conceivable means to evade or resist the perpetrator's advances and her struggle must be evidenced by, for instance, torn clothing.
July 2009
44. UNMIS accepted most of the OIOS recommendations and initiated action to implement them.
Jianning city * that looks at the map east to a layer of silver pit.
In its resolution 3/1, the Conference of the States Parties to the United Nations Convention against Corruption adopted the terms of reference of the Review Mechanism (contained in the annex to that resolution), as well as the draft guidelines for governmental experts and the secretariat in the conduct of country reviews and the draft blueprint for country review reports (contained in the appendix to the annex to resolution 3/1), which were finalized by the Implementation Review Group at its first session, held in Vienna from 28 June to 2 July 2010.
However, it should be made clear that the Task Force is not intended to have any kind of regulatory authority over other organizations and initiatives, and thus that such indicators should not be binding but will only serve to measure the progress of the common effort.
Childless couples suffered the same problems - only a little later, explained Denver University psychology professor Scott Stanley
The Government will record visits to this website without collecting any personal identifiable information of visitors. Such general statistics are collected for the compilation of statistical reports for reference purpose.
It does not therefore appear necessary or advisable to contradict or relax the rule stated in article 22, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Conventions.
Effect of Electroacupuncture on the Expression of c-Fos in the Syrian Golden Hamster Suprachiasmatic Nucleus
18. Net additional requirements under miscellaneous services were primarily attributable to unforeseen expenditures attributable to losses on currency fluctuation ($50,900), as well as to higher contractual charges for security services ($2,900), partially offset by savings realized due to lower actual requirements for contractual services ($2,900).
Governance matters
PAGE : I don't remember exactly.
In this first systematic large-scale attacks, the human race was the deadly fiasco .
Forty-sixth session
- The signing on 17 March 2003 in Brazzaville, by the Representatives of the Government and the last remaining rebel group, of a peace accord under which more than 1,430 ex-combatants left their refuge in the forests of the Pool department;
(iii) Ad hoc expert groups.
If you watch too much TV, you'll hurt your eyes.
 As a non-permanent member of the Security Council over the past two years, Venezuela had the opportunity to see how useful the Security Council summit was; but we have also seen the need to find ways of enhancing transparency and openness in the Council's work, deliberations and decision-making.
Haws can clean the body , and stimulate the appetite, but we still shouldn't eat too much.
At its 4307th meeting, on 30 March 2001, the Security Council, in accordance with paragraph 2 (c) of article 12 of the Statute of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, as applied to the current election by paragraph 2 of Security Council resolution 1329 (2000), established a list of five candidates for transmittal to the General Assembly.
In addition to recognizing women's important role and enabling them to participate fully in the process of sustainable development, the final goal must be equality between women and men and equal distribution of the reproductive, productive, community management and community leadership roles.
The Committee's list of issues and questions is contained in CEDAW/C/GEO/Q/3, and Georgia's responses are contained in CEDAW/C/GEO/Q/3/Add.1.
c not satisfied
During the first week of meetings, 21 to 25 July 2003, the Legal and Technical Commission would break into informal working groups to facilitate detailed consideration of specific issues relating to the draft regulations on polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts.
The outcome of that Conference would also be decisive for the success of the Conference on Sustainable Development to be held in Rio de Janeiro.
The network, in collaboration with the Global Compact, engaged effectively with global business.
A/58/64 Mandate: JIU Statute
7. Invites the Committee to work with the Secretariat on organizing training workshops, in collaboration with concerned multilateral bodies, and regional, subregional and relevant international organizations, for developing countries and countries with economies in transition as part of the work required to carry out its mandate, which includes making recommendations on capacity-building and providing technical assistance, provided that funding is available from the trust fund;
In South Sudan, through quick-impact projects involving the National Police Service and the Sudan People's Liberation Army, weapons and ammunition were secured in Juba, Wau and Yei.
Continued international support is necessary to overcome these final obstacles.
(a) Stakeholders will fulfil their responsibilities and obligations in accordance with established rules for the submission of documentation;
As for who is for the failure, I don't care.
We therefore rely once again in the wise leadership of Ambassador Zahir Tanin, Permanent Representative of Afghanistan.
Bitas was requested to provide this evidence and information in the article 34 notification, but failed to do so.
(b) Receive, translate, reproduce and circulate the documents of the Conference;
54. Letter dated 30 April 2001 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2001/434).
Through this marvelous, spontaneous gesture by two athletes who were not even 20 years old, sport buried apartheid for ever.
Less: transfer to United Nations Foundation Support Office
In the next 18 months, you'll hear thoughtful proposals, outrageous reactions, and predictions of catastrophe or paradise.
Where a unit commits any crime mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs, it shall be fined, and the persons who are directly in charge and the other persons who are directly responsible for the offence shall be punished in accordance with the provisions of the preceding two paragraphs.
Delugas a little fatter than the last one? What happened to this mouse?
(1) No persons designated by the Committee or by the Security Council as being responsible for, supporting or promoting the DPRK policies in relation to its nuclear, ballistic missile and weapons of mass destruction related programmes, may enter into or transit through Malta.
The decision was made in line with the Government's reduced involvement in the property market and the need to maintain an adequate supply of PRH units for allocation to eligible families in the long run, he explained.
21. Draft article 2 referred to "the essential needs of the persons concerned, with full respect for their rights".
To Yao Ming, the first Chinese basketball player who has ever 1 his way into the NBA giants, this rule is certainly true. 2 he goes, a " Yao Ming Strom" takes place there.
Political situations sometimes required urgent intervention by the Secretary-General.
61. The reduced requirements were attributable to the fact that the production of the Ombudsman information brochure was delayed to the 2012/13 financial period.
SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR IMPLEMENTATION
S/Agenda/5298 Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
But with visions of first-world excess beamed into every comer of the globe, can anyone be surprised that anger towards the West increases?
The bronze wares include vessels, weapons, chariots and so on.
Convene a workshop with the relevant bilateral, regional and multilateral institutions facilitating the means of implementation (finance, technology and capacity-building), as well as with development agencies at the country level, to discuss how to further promote the implementation of enhanced action in a coherent manner under the Convention
Chad
Phase 1
The Non-Aligned Movement would join the consensus on adoption of the draft resolution.
The Government is fostering a new culture of collaboration where departments will work together to provide integrated and seamless service to Government officers internally and to the public at large.
Previous OIOS observations pointed out the difficulties in planning and results-based management at UNODC.
We therefore support the adoption of the draft outcome document (A/65/L.1), as it reaffirms our commitment and our clear plans to fully achieve the Goals at all levels.
In order to achieve this objective, HRM systems should be geared towards ensuring a well-motivated staff that is provided with the opportunity to utilize its potential and talents to improve the delivery of service to clients.
Kiribati
I do not know, you will like this, if known, the sooner I get out of.
The result indicates that the structure of universal - shaft driving system is reasonable and the unsteadiness of stick - slip vibration doesn' t occur.
The Concept anticipates the introduction of gender education in the country, the gender-based evaluation of laws, the incorporation of gender indicators into budget policy, State plans and programmes, and the definition of areas for further work to improve health and to eliminate violence against women.
The Clinical Manifestation and Gene Analysis in Junior Patients with Familial Ankylosing Spondylitis .
As such action did not fall within the scope of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations, it was perfectly clear that any actions involving the use of force to impose peace could be taken only on the basis of Chapter VII, and that that would require a new United Nations mandate and the allocation of adequate resources and means.
No. I could never stay mad at you. You're my little man.
UNOCI has established a career resource centre adequately equipped to build the capacity of staff members, primarily national staff members.
On 2 and 4 April 2010, two C-160 and one C-130 Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations six times and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus six times.
11 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Room S-2963D
While industrial growth has helped raise tens of millions of people out of poverty in many countries over the last decades, particularly in ever-growing urban agglomerations, it is evident that economic growth and urbanization have not come without a price.
The IFFEd program, which was acknowledged by the G20 last year, would secure financial guarantees from donors in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and elsewhere to increase the lending capacities of multilateral development banks in Africa and Asia.
Indonesia
Many representatives praised the Forum's past work.
In addition to the expertise in each of the design teams, the Office of the Capital Master Plan has a direct contract with an independent code expert, who reviews each code analysis submitted by the design teams for compliance with relevant codes and standards.
192. In its resolution 1998/58, the Commission welcomed the report of the Secretary—General on the implementation of the programme of technical cooperation in Haiti (A/52/515), which the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is conducting for the purpose of strengthening institutional capacity in that field and especially in the areas of legislative reform, training of justice administration personnel and human rights education, and requested the Secretary—General to submit a further report on the implementation of the programme to the Commission at its fifty—fifth session. The Commission invited the independent expert Mr. Adama Dieng (Senegal) to report to the General Assembly at its fifty—third session and to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty—fifth session on developments in the human rights situation in Haiti.
Forty-eight NPT States parties are still not parties to the Convention.
People usually get thinner after an illness.
Wednesday, 14 December 2011, from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room E (NLB).
Letter dated 23 May 2005 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
A way to ease tensions in the regional context is through mutually agreed upon confidence-building measures aimed at reducing tensions and enhancing regional security and stability.
Organization of work
All these have adversely affected the capacity of SDI to produce medicines and other supplies for health facilities in Iraq.
Excluding the activities of armed forces during armed conflict did not in any way signify a carte blanche.
When one mother was arrested, her son went berserk.
Therefore, the Special Rapporteur has based her assessment of cases brought to her attention on the need to ensure full respect of the right to a fair trial, including guarantees as regards the impartiality, independence and competence of the judiciary.
This has been recognized in the international human rights discourse as "core rights".
"Report of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting on its Twenty-second Session" (TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/31).
17. With these phenomena in mind, in view of the upcoming 2012 United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, and with a goal of ensuring that environmental and economic stressors do not stifle people's aspirations for development or compromise the prospects and freedoms of future generations, the decision was reached with the UNDP Administrator to focus the 2011 Human Development Report on the issue of equity and sustainability.
F. The relevance of the human rights framework for internally displaced persons
The Committee had thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 110.
(d) Commodities
To effectively address various security challenges and to enhance common security, all countries must pursue a new security concept featuring mutual trust, mutual benefit, equality and coordination, adhere to multilateralism, preserve and strengthen the international arms control and non-proliferation legal system and enhance international cooperation.
10. On follow-up to special economic, humanitarian and disaster-relief assistance, UNDP provided a strong link in relief, rehabilitation and development operations.
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/61/L.12, by a recorded vote of 159 to 6, with 5 abstentions.
Children enjoy playing with colorful lanterns lit with candles or electric lights.
The revised website provided news and announcements related to inter-agency coordination, a schedule of activities, a directory of organizations, information on the annual Inter-Agency Meeting, a reports archive and a link to the updated list of space-related initiatives and programmes carried out by member States of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and within the United Nations system that responded to specific recommendations contained in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, as discussed above under section B.
Eryngium
Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control
12. The Special Rapporteur on the human right to safe drinking water and sanitation, a member of the Human Rights Committee and the Special Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples have made unofficial visits to the country.
119. The Office of Technical Services will continue to oversee technical support and logistics operations in the mission area.
50. Different views continued to be expressed regarding the regime applicable to marine genetic resources of areas beyond national jurisdiction.
If there are any similarities between our campaign and a velvet revolution, this is purely accidental.
The developed countries' maintenance of non-inflationary growth was therefore just as important to the developing countries as the consequences of the operation of the global financial system were for their stability and growth.
Item X of the provisional agenda
(b) Any radio message intercepted or received by the NSA between 2130 GMT on 17 September 1961 and 0030 GMT on 18 September 1961 concerning the landing or approach of an aircraft at Ndola, Northern Rhodesia.
Digg rates, for example, depend on the time of day that a story is posted and the category it belongs to.
In Mozambique, UN-Women supported 45 organizations for women living with HIV, which resulted in a Women's Charter that will be presented to policymakers as a call for accountability in gender equality commitments.
The mayor is elected by an absolute majority of the councillors.
This is particularly well documented in the case of the Dalits of India, but also seems to be the case in respect of a number of the other communities mentioned.
Didn't she die like five years agoPhoebe: No, she just died today
I used to see him quite frequently, but since he became wrapped up in business, I have lost touch with him.
The worship they offer me is worthless, for what they teach are only human rules.
Report of the Secretary-General
UN agencies, NGOs and IGOS, and governments
Under the first of those articles, marriage and pregnancy shall not constitute just cause for rescinding a woman's work contract.
It looks great to me. Would I have my wife and kids check it out tomorrow
This was a new field at the time, and no one believed that hair cells could regrow after damage.
H.E. Mr. Franciscus Antonius Maria Majoor, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, Permanent Representative to the United Nations (Chairman of the delegation)
27. In August 2013, the Parliament approved an amendment to the Municipality Act to cater for a 30% - 34% quota as Reserved Seats for Women within the municipality councils.
Arrests had been made without prior consent of the prosecution, without a judicial warrant and without informing the arrested person of the reasons for his arrest.
Others who refused to abort their child have been assaulted and subjected to violence directed at killing the child in the womb or at killing the woman and her child.
There is still no sufficient number of applicants for the military profession into professional military service of the Armed Forces of BiH.
Noting that the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in order to promote the effective implementation of Agenda 21 at the international level, encouraged partnership initiatives for implementation by all relevant stakeholders to support the outcome of the Summit,
Reports of the Industrial Development Board on the work of its twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth and thirtieth regular sessions (continued)
Hong Kong instantly realized the unfavourable position he appeared to be in.
The first part has introduced the evolution and applies of open innovation, and demonstrated the age of opening is coming by the case of P&G.
However, since his fax machine was not functioning, the Master was unable to notify the French authorities of the vessel's presence in the exclusive economic zone, in keeping with articles 2 and 4 of French Law No. 66-400 of 18 June 1966, as amended.
S/2002/886
This Global Action Agenda recommends 11 Action Areas to help focus our efforts and mobilize commitments towards the three objectives.
I also believe our symposium is bound for abundant accomplishment through your hard work.
Productive uses of renewable energy
:: Incorporate intersectional analysis, in particular analysis of race and gender discrimination, into the substantive work of the Commission regarding the follow-up to the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly and further implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action.
General elections
Other methods for arbitrating annotation priorities established by the annotation provider and the annotation consumer will be apparent to one of skill in the art without departing from the scope of the present invention.
I try to trust that we are familiar with each other all the while, but, we miss those opportunities once again and again.
However, another view held that it was unnecessary to include a draft article on the obligation not to discriminate whose scope extended far beyond the issue of expulsion.
:: participating in a series of meetings to review the role of the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women, its Causes and Consequences, organized by the International Centre for Human Rights and Democratic Development in 1997 and 1999.
Table 5: Views of UNODC employees concerning the impact of RBM on the Office performances (in percentage)
Proceed step by step and start with simple exercise;
Don't say premier to her Jing dollar cure injury of is isn't that he hard to say, he now gush is fighting to want her to be responsible for?
Ambassador
32. Within the framework of General Assembly resolution 50/58 F, the UNDP-funded Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Programme for Conflict-affected Regions of Djibouti, which started in 1996, is ongoing.
Only one trial began in December (paragraphs 169 and 170).
 164. The Persian Gulf conflicts also generated new groups of Iraqi refugees in various Middle Eastern countries.
Thursday, 16 December 2010, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 1 (NLB).
amendment shall enter into force unless rejected by the beneficiary within a certain time shall be disregarded.
The q-boson hopping model with integrable open boundary condition
The compound emulsions in different film forming stages are treated using freeze dry technology.
Should the Security Council agree with my recommendation, Iraq will exit Chapter VII with regard to this file and will be one step closer to restoring its international standing prior to resolution 661 (1990), an objective long sought by the leadership of the country following the removal of the regime of Saddam Hussein.
Emphasis should be given to mapping out problems related to the management and coordination of aid, as well as problems of aid dependency and measures that need to be taken to rectify them.
In preparation for doing the anatomical illustrators, artistSuzann Gage, a member of the group, took an anatomy course at UCLA.
In a related development, on 25 September, the Permanent Commission of the National Assembly decided to request the UNITA Renovation Committee to replace 15 of the 70 UNITA deputies by 15 October 1998, by which time the Assembly also intends to consider the abrogation of the law - adopted pursuant to the Lusaka Protocol - granting a special status to Mr. Savimbi as the leader of the largest opposition party.
Progress in this area has been very uneven across countries and regions, however.
Guinea-Bissau
:: Calls on the three member countries to scrupulously respect the Treaty on Non-Aggression and Security Cooperation which they signed in 1986.
That you could explain human psychology without mental notions like desires and goals.
Sometimes conflicts between agreements have emerged while others have proven difficult to implement for a range of institutional reasons.
Assessment of need for further international agreements
368. Malawi had no immediate plans to ratify the second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and would continue to listen to the people regarding the issue of the death penalty (recommendations 104.1, 104.7, 104.8 and 104.10).
A comprehensive review of progress in peacekeeping training is contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/65/644).
It was also indicated that, in many developing countries, as a result of foreign direct investment liberalization, large multinational retail chains are increasing their presence, sometimes at the expense of local smaller and traditional vendors who are unable to compete.
Coal-fired industrial boilers
He always talks with his pupils with kind and pleasant countenance.
However, the Czech Republic Civil Aviation Authority forwarded a copy of the air operator's certificate and a copy of the insurance policy to the Kenya Civil Aviation Authority mentioning IL-76 and B-707 aircraft.
The sponsors of the draft resolution are Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Maldives, Micronesia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Viet Nam, as well as Nepal, the host country of the Centre.
14.2 In accordance with General Conference decision GC.9/Dec.14, a special account was established for fully programmable appropriations under the Regular Programme of Technical Cooperation (RPTC), not subject to financial regulations 4.2(b) and 4.2(c).
M. Baba Ould Boumeïss
 52. The Department is entrusted with three basic functions.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Pakistan, at their request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
God is real and accessible
Committee on the Rights of the Child
The international community -- and developed countries in particular -- should increase development assistance, promote international trade, technology transfers and investment, offer more extensive debt relief, provide more support to developing countries and respect their ownership of national development strategies.
actually ,there is no any risk and save much money for you 6.When the importation of foreign tomatoes was forbidden, home growers put up their prices.
TT. Communication No. 1783/2008, Machado Bartolomeu v. Portugal
5.45-6 p.m.
36. The situation in the Middle East.
All of my classmates will get together in our former class adviser's home.
The aim is to reduce the dependence of money mangers and investment banks on credit ratings as a measure of risk.
She just wears her fair in a bun loose,and appears pure and refined.
• The second parameter involves various actions in capacity-building that are to be implemented in the short- and medium-term.
Objective: To discuss the differential diagnostic value of ultrasonography between solitary nodular goiter and thyroid adenoma.
The product of marketing is Personal Notice Deposit.
(d) United Nations regional centres for peace and disarmament (resolution 55/34 F of 20 November 2000);
The only victory love is flight.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee.
Alexander Krinitsky
Contingency fund charges
The Training Programme in Peacekeeping Operation Administration responds to the demand for well-trained middle level administrators, while a new Programme for Senior Administrators in Field Operations will develop middle- and senior- level staff who show potential as future Chief Administrative Officers and other senior administrators for field operations.
FCCC/SBI/2013/10
It was  to predict that the sun will not rise tomorrow.
11. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Summary of discussions in the plenary
Category
Skepticism might not be as bracing as freedom, but it's something we could have used a bit more of in the past few years.
The view was expressed that the date of origin of departments should be taken into account when reviewing their performance and that the report should indicate whether a department had been established more recently.
Peru
Of the Hg deposited from the atmosphere to land, a variable proportion (approximately 5 to 20%) is delivered to lakes and rivers draining the land.
5. The Government has also imposed new additional restrictions on Cubans living abroad to travel to Cuba and to send personal goods to their families in Cuba.
Some comrades do not allow any criticism.
7. Women and subregional integration.
45. The Virgin Islands Department of Labor receives its authority pursuant to Titles 3, 24, 27 and 29 of the Virgin Islands Code; the Workforce Investment Act of 1998; the Occupational Safety and Health Administration Act of 1970; and other federal laws which require the development of administrative structures that govern and enforce fair labour standards and the protection of the people of the United States Virgin Islands from any threat to health, morals, and general welfare.
In addition to capacity development workshops to support member States in such areas as enhancing competitiveness and attracting foreign direct investment (FDI), a regional policy dialogue organized jointly with the Central Bank of the Philippines focused on building resilience to the various shocks being faced by countries of the region.
Bangladesh
The EU Council identified a number of issues which we consider fundamental, covering the NPT's three pillars non-proliferation, disarmament and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes.
Reaffirming that any attempt at destabilization through violent means or seizing power by force is unacceptable,
(c) Payments made by a Member shall be credited first to the Working Capital Fund and then to the contributions due, in the order in which the Member was assessed;
She told herself, that it was very naughty and very wicked of her, to have forgotten the words uttered by Marius.
The following milestones can help you cover all the needs of these diverse audiences.
persons at all times, irrespective of citizenship status. These non-derogable rights include: the
Some of the dealers are only known by their nicknames.
The United Nations continues to be at the forefront of the battle against international terrorism.
Sports in Massachusetts
If retirement is delayed beyond the age of 64, in contrast, the pension is increased accordingly.
19. He wondered why the negotiations on the draft resolution had been so difficult, particularly in view of the broad agreement on both the intrinsic importance of the issue of safety and security and the proposals as a whole.
And for the long term it is trying to create demand for an even faster internet.
There is increasing request for PEI's expertise and technical assistance (rather than programme funding) and this could be a natural way forward: the initiative to pilot countries could come to and end but the facility remain to provide technical assistance on a request basis.
 As the Secretary-General points out - and we agree with him - democratization must take hold, not only within a State, but also among States in the international community.
The report suggests the Reds are expected to make a move for the Italian midfielder if Xabi Alonso joins Real Madrid.
The pianist played several pieces of music on a grand piano.
16. Finally, there is a need to attend important substantive meetings as well as have a coordination meeting.
" "As human beings, we're so tapped into(12) our community, responsiveness to what's going on, we're so attuned(13) to the threat of isolation and rejection, we'd rather make a mistake than miss a call," he said
AALCC continues to monitor closely the work and functioning of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the International Seabed Authority and other related organs.
(c) Compile and prepare an annual progress report on the action taken by States, United Nations bodies and specialized agencies, treaty bodies and human rights mechanisms, national human rights institutions and non-governmental organizations to implement the Declaration and Programme of Action agreed to in Durban.
Jul.
We are ready to make further efforts to draw on each other's strengths, tap the potential for cooperation, and explore new approaches and ways for cooperation to promote common progress.
The Committee's decision was brought to the attention of several authorities outside the Government Offices, including the Director-Generals of the Aliens Appeals Board, the Migration Board and the Security Police, the Parliamentary Ombudsmen and the Office of the Chancellor of Justice.
Moreover, under the ordinance in question, the only proceedings that are inadmissible are those brought against "members of any branch of the defence and security forces of the Republic" for actions consistent with their core duties towards the Republic, namely, to protect persons and property, safeguard the nation and preserve its institutions.
In November 2007, the then Vice-President of Guatemala reported to AI that approximately 1 per cent of killings resulted in a successful prosecution (obtaining a conviction).
‘My dear Handel，’he said，‘if you want to pay back what you owe him，you could always join my company，Clarrikers．I'm going to be a partner there soon，you know．’Poor Her-bert！He did not suspect whose money was helping him be－come a partner．
Furthermore, both entities consult one another on initiatives and technical assistance activities.
And we have made available Euro308 million in additional resources for the period 2008-2011.
4. Calls upon Israel to desist from imposing Israeli citizenship and Israeli identity cards on the Syrian citizens in the occupied Syrian Golan and from its repressive measures against the population of the occupied Syrian Golan;
' Overall, water consumption fell to less than 3.4 billion cubic meters last year, from 4.04 billion cubic meters in 2000, officials say.
Côte d'Ivoire
One of the best examples of application customization is in the video gaming industry.
 In addition, the Council examined the situation of a few category "E" claims (corporate claims) submitted to the Commission after the expiration of the time-limits for filing such claims.
Then, log into Windows NT as the administrator, and run the Event Viewer application.
13. UNSMIL will provide advice and other technical support to the Libyan authorities to ensure the equitable distribution of social services and to promote inclusive economic growth opportunities. This will be done in close coordination with the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, multilateral and bilateral partners and Libyan civil society.
Awaiting response In light of the State party's decision to grant the complainant a residence permit, the Committee decides to close the dialogue with the State party under the follow-up procedure.
Blood pressure is also correlated with temperature and atmospheric pressure.
.. stan Chorus: Dido My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I.. got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window.. and I can't see at all And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall It reminds me, that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.. 1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background 2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after "thunder" noise
Nick Pearce, director of the IPPR, said a lack of structured interaction with adults meant that many youngsters were not learning how to behave as they should.
The Supplier Review Committee also reviews and takes decisions on the removal and suspension of suppliers on the grounds of, inter alia, poor performance or misrepresentation.
New York, 12-23 May 2014
I have never made payment in renminbi before.
5. Expresses its appreciation to those specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system that have continued to cooperate with the United Nations and the regional and subregional organizations in the implementation of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations, and requests all the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to implement the relevant provisions of those resolutions;
Pursuant to paragraph 8 of decision VIII/16, by 12 June 2007 comments were received from the European Community and its Member States, Norway and Pakistan.
20. If the question arises whether a matter is one of a procedural or a substantive nature, the Chair shall rule on the question.
Delegations are kindly asked to indicate the level of the representative as well as the preferred time-block for delivering their statement (i.e. 2 December, morning session, 2 December, afternoon session, or 3 December, morning session).
The Committee was also informed that the estimates for section 2 for 2004-2005 reflected reductions in temporary assistance for meetings amounting to $8,723,900 (excluding the United Nations Office at Vienna) relating mainly to: (a) the discontinuation of services provided in 2002-2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee; (b) the transfer of resources to more cost-effective modes of translation, such as contractual translation, and the introduction of off-site translation; and (c) the net reduction of the provision for temporary assistance for meetings as the result of the discontinuation of 220 outputs programmed for the biennium 2002-2003.
In 1954, Lolita Lebrón, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Andrés Figueroa Cordero and Irvin Flores had carried out an attack on the House of Representatives and denounced the fraud committed when the United States had voted in favour of General Assembly resolution 748 (VIII).
In the light of the urgent need to maintain the integrity of the package and to adopt the text as a whole, he proposed that no decision be taken on the proposals of the United States representative.
That you didn't want her to know that you were here because she wouldn't be able to let go?
However, adoption of the above-mentioned measures shall not hinder the lawful business activities, production and operation of the auditees.
The United Nations was born out of our desire to live together in peace with one another as good citizens of the Earth.
Lastly, while the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Iraq, Libya and the Sudan retain the death penalty in law for drug-related offences, insufficient data are available regarding actual use to place them among these other groups of States.7
The role of UNCTAD is crucial in strengthening multilateral cooperation, ensuring the harmonization and convergence of competition law and policies, and publicizing a worldwide culture of competition with a view to securing an equitable division of the benefits of globalization while minimizing its adverse consequences.
Performance went down over the course of the year.
In conclusion, Mr. Shaath pointed to three favourable factors that should help the Palestinian people to face the challenges: the high level of education provided for a unique human structure; the unique geography should enable tourism to become the major factor for economic growth; and, given the end of the cold war, the Palestinians should be able to learn from the lessons of other peoples that no total planning was feasible.
a IUFRO joined the Partnership in March 2003.
Rose:          No, not yet
This was reiterated in a presidential statement of 16 December 2010 (S/PRST/2010/28).
The same is the method for Family Islands; contact is made with the community clinics and appropriate referrals made.
It noted, however, that the death penalty had been de facto abolished since August 1996 and, since 1999, all prior death sentences had been commuted to life or 25 years of imprisonment.
It is therefore in the common interest of the entire international community to safeguard the integrity and validity of the ABM Treaty and to urge the relevant country to abandon its national missile defence plan.
Lack of financial resources and technical human and institutional capacity may hamper their efforts.
We also welcome the policies of Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, President of the Transitional Federal Government of brotherly Somalia, and his efforts to achieve peace in his country.
Secretary/Clerk (GS-4)
After years of being draughty and poorly insulated, new Japanese homes are among the most environmentally friendly.
37. During the recent High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development, most States had agreed that well-managed legal migration could contribute to development and to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
(e) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) Executive Board meeting (January 1997, items 4, 5 and 6; document E/ICEF/1997/2/8, November 1996);
They were all taken to Benghazi prison and detained for over a month, until the author's brother (Abdussalam Il Khwildy) confessed to having acted alone in helping the author flee the country.
Forensic Pathology Service
 This open-ended group should examine a CSCE contribution to regional security in South Eastern Europe as mandated by the Rome Council Meeting, thus enabling the FSC to present its recommendations to the Budapest Summit Meeting.
Cardiovascular infusion rates also differ, sometimes even within the same institution, she said.
Recalling the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement and our agreement to do our utmost to facilitate inter-Congolese political negotiations which should lead to peace, national reconciliation and a new political dispensation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, we, the Congolese Parties, namely the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Congolese Rally for Democracy and the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, hereby solemnly reconfirm our commitment to the following principles:
The Darling children enjoyed hearing the tales of adventure and imagined themselves as the heroes and villains in the story.
In addition , photo - induced superhydrophilicity of titanium dioxide thin films were also investigated.
I am encouraged by the commencement of the strategic dialogue between UNIFIL and the Lebanese Armed Forces.
It attached particular importance to the Cooperation Agreement with UNDP; despite some shortcomings, the collaboration was worth continuing, subject to some modifications to the modalities for implementation over the initial five-year period.
A new method for the simultaneous determination of multicomponents in mixed acids is presented.
Questions by experts and dialogue with the Committee
- Prisca Matimba Nyambe (Zambia)
The Court found that a violation of the provisions invoked by the author had occurred.
He was sentenced to 20 years' imprisonment.
My mouth feels so frickin' bad.
Taking into account the experience gained and the favourable results achieved by regional arrangements or agencies in the peaceful settlement of disputes in different parts of the world,
4.3 Transit fee
Mobility restrictions 2000
Each Committee shall elect its own Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur.
In some developing countries, high drug prices have sparked organized protests, particularly over medicines important to public health, such as HIV drugs, leading to price cuts in Brazil and elsewhere.
Command and train SAF personnel in ADA missiles and radar systems.
UNEP/GC.25/INF/33
(b) One representative from an Eastern European State;
 (a) Mineral-occurrence maps of both metallic and non-metallic minerals;
Other Member States: Tuvalu, Palau
2. The accused deprived one or more persons of biological reproductive capacity.
 Specific guidelines for the participation of such personnel in missions either have been developed, as in the case of election and polling monitors, or are in the process of being developed in the form of Memoranda of Understanding.
It was also costly.
4. Coordination questions:
Perhaps the best solution might be to publish the model legislative provisions, the legislative recommendations and the explanatory text as separate sections of a single booklet, with cross-references.
A/61/395
Agencies also reported that the Government’s reluctance to allow or sponsor income-generation activities has relaxed somewhat.
Ethiopia
Malaria elimination is closely linked to the achievement of various Millennium Development Goals, as most countries that have successfully achieved interruption of malaria transmission have also achieved an improvement in the overall socio-economic situation, health services coverage and living standards of their populations.
Mr. Munir Akrama b
And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in ward.
 Many refugees had returned to Rwanda, and reception procedures had been streamlined.
36. Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) said that the Advisory Committee had received an advance copy of the report of the Secretary-General on the utilization of the Development Account (A/53/374) too late to comment on it in conjunction with document A/52/1009.
I'll connect you. One moment, please.
Haiti
Perhaps unsurprisingly, women – including journalists and political activists – are favorite targets of the BJP’s trolls, who not only question their morals and disparage their looks, but routinely issue rape threats.
Half of all European respondents agreed with the statement, One should not start a business if there is a risk it might fail. Only one-third of Americans agreed.
Coefficient 26
No reply was received.
He recalled that the seventeenth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention had discussed the increasing workload of the Commission and reaffirmed that the matter would continue to be addressed by the meeting as a matter of priority.
Many responses had also been followed up by telephone to check the accuracy of the data submitted.
(k) Two Humanitarian Affairs Officer (National Professional Officer) positions be abolished in Najaf;
ITS FIELD SUPPORT TELECOMMS
Clearly, women's empowerment and the conditions that societies set for its achievement are priorities.
a A/66/347.
It is useful, because it shows whether the United States is spending beyond its means and therefore going into debt to the rest of the world.
Google said it is not providing direct access to censored searches, but will fulfill existing contracts with other firms.
141. Another delegation said that it was essential for UNICEF to establish a research function, appointing a new director for the function and assuring its independence.
63/26 to 63/29
7. With respect to the prevention of transboundary harm from hazardous activities, the Commission's adoption of draft articles on the issue was a major step forward in the elaboration of international law in that area.
III. Review of the working methods of the Commission in the context of the reform of the Economic and Social Council
It is presided over by the Minister of the Special Secretariat on Policies for Women, the CNDM and is integrated by 13 governmental bodies (the Ministries of Planning, Health, Education, Labor and Employment, Justice, Agrarian Development, Culture, Social Development and the Fight against Hunger, External Relations, Science and Technology, and the Special Secretariat for the Promotion of Racial Equality and Human Rights), 19 representatives from the women's social movements, and three women with widely-respected knowledge on the issue of gender.
Jordan noted the efforts to institute a democratic and pluralistic society.
Information on Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations: resolution adopted by the Special Committee at its 3rd meeting, on 3 June 2002
New York, 15-26 May 2006
The Committee recommends that the State party take appropriate steps to combat racial prejudice, which may lead to racial discrimination.
Then we can give you a 10 percent discount.
The most common way to transfer a pattern is to use carbon paper.
In addition, a concern was expressed that the reference to "the arbitration terms and conditions" was unclear and created the risk of an inconsistency between draft paragraph (4) and draft paragraph (1).
It was noted that, as a result of the deliberations at the current session, the revised Model Law would prohibit any material change in the context of article 44 (consecutive negotiations) and article 57 (framework agreement procedures).
1.2.4 RENT COSTS
56. States have also engaged in very commendable capacity building activities.
There are also several religious sects within the country, and some animists.
It then returned to the Iranian rear.
VI. Future work of the Committee
Powergen claimed the rise was due to the popularity of what it called kid-ult books, which appeal to children and adults alike
Twilight of Our Political Gods
More generally, the coming strife will shape the debate about the integration of the world economy.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
In the buildings which were particularly overcrowded, detainees had to pay to use the toilet in the building.
Four years after the adoption of the Strategy, one may ask how effectively terrorism has been countered.
Economic Social and Cultural Council (ECOSOCC)
The Special Rapporteur believes that the subject matter of such recommendations merits increased discussion at the international and national levels.
Fifty-third session
The Expansion of the WTO Trade Policy Framework and China's Trade Policy Reform
In the context of the coming reform of the Film Promotion Act, the Federal Government will be placing particular emphasis on whether the relaxation of the promotion conditions for barrier-free films has led to increasing availability of German cinema films with audiodescription and expanded subtitling.
119 We need them urgently
I am eighty years old, and I am blind.There is little I can do except knit,and that is why I knit so many caps and sweaters and scarves
They stressed that any undue pressure or interference in the Agency's activities, especially its verification process, which could jeopardize the efficiency and credibility of the Agency, should be avoided.
 75. At the West Bank field office, the Board noted that equipment worth $741,963 purchased by UNRWA with third-party contributions was considered by the field office as the property of the recipient, the Augusta Victoria Hospital.
Many Europeans explored the continent of Africa in the 19 th century.
This doesn鈥檛 mean, however, that you should eschew exercise time when you are out of the gym.
All the class leaders of second grade come to Academic  Affairs  Office right now, please.
Chairman's Announcement (9 March 2004)Please note the following information from the Surveillance System of the Department of Health, Hong Kong:
I have heard the broadcast.
a.m.
When do you need it
(b) About recent cases of arbitrary arrest and detention and of summary trials in some areas of the country;
We obviously would be very happy if Chrysler and GM were making lots and lots of high mileage cars. It's not a prerequisite.
Planned indicators of achievementa
The International Media Seminar on Peace in the Middle East, held in July 2010 in Lisbon, had for the first time examined the role of new media in fostering peace in the region.
It acts in cooperation with the United Nations and non-governmental organizations in matters of common concern.
She should get there at themoment.
We are halfway between the September High-level Plenary Meeting and the end of the year, when we will have to review progress on the crucial issue of Security Council reform.
Even with the umbrella, they were still drenched.
I thought you would have entered more into Miss Crawford's feelings.
In accordance with paragraph 7 of General Assembly resolution 67/113, the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its fiftieth session, reconvened its Working Group of the Whole.
These are important principles to bear in mind.
It is, therefore, misleading to talk about the extent to which the immigrant population as a whole is in better or worse health than the ethnic Norwegian population.
Science and Technology
Maternity ward is on the second floor.
Question 23. Please:
I.4 UNHCR Supplementary Programme Budget in 2005-2006
1. Takes note with interest of the report of the SecretaryGeneral on the implementation of its resolution 2003/18 of 22 April 2003 (E/CN.4/2004/38) and of all other relevant reports of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on economic, social and cultural rights and the activities of intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations in that regard;
The dot was scaled up to give more of a visual impression, then a temporary circle was used to knock out an area of the shape to give the crescent shape.
He has since filed an appeal against the judgement.
In implementing the action plan for the implementation of this programme, approved by Resolution of the Government No. 149 of 9 February 2001, the drafting of a proposal for a new law on social assistance in cash and a concept for the restructuring of the system of State benefits for families is under way.
Annex Composition of the delegation 23
On 28 July 2005, the report was considered in informal consultations of the Security Council, as part of the Council's review of the sanctions regime.
A formal selection procedure shall be developed jointly by Kosovo and the IMP.
He couldn't help weeping when he knew the truth.
One of the four was called the young, because she was the youngest of them, and one was called the old; the old one was twenty-three.
It will be responsible for verification, ensuring compliance, and decision making, and will comprise a conference of States parties, an executive council and a technical secretariat.
The third Fund tranche extends these achievements by addressing four strategic priorities: (a) political dialogue and social cohesion; (b) youth participation in political and social life; (c) democratic exercise of human rights; and (d) peaceful resolution of land disputes.
7. The annual population growth rate is 3.3 per cent.
Austria
8. The agenda and annotations, documentation supporting agenda items and the chairpersons' report for each meeting of the plenary and of the facilitative and enforcement branches are available on the UNFCCC website.
The biggest challenge was to increase the numbers of States parties to those agreements until they were truly universal.
However, the number of people who learn English as a foreign language is more than 750 million
9. Reaffirms the importance of ongoing efforts to achieve accountability and justice, expresses its support for the work of UNMIT in assisting the Government of Timor-Leste in this regard within its mandate, and underlines the importance of the implementation by the Government of Timor-Leste of the recommendations of the United Nations Special Commission of Inquiry report of 2006 (S/2006/822), including paragraphs 225 through 228 of the report;
2.3 As set out in an affidavit provided by the author, he was released on 1 March 1997, after appropriate remission for good behaviour.
(d) The Declaration on the Occasion of the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations (General Assembly resolution 50/6) refers, inter alia, to the need for intensified cooperation on natural disaster reduction in order to foster sustained economic growth, social development, environmental protection and social justice;
Ms. Maria HERCZOG
 Extreme poverty in Ecuador exists mainly among the indigenous and black populations.
The Committee was informed that the redeployment of a D-2 post to executive direction and management is proposed to provide substantive leadership in management and coordination of the cross-cutting activities related to research.
Group of 77 (on Third Committee and related matters)
Sustainable access to energy and improved energy efficiency.
Add the region’s eastern and western peripheries – Afghanistan and North Africa (including the Sahel and South Sudan) – and the picture becomes even grimmer.
HRW stated that, despite strong protests, in December 2009 the Thai army forcibly returned 4,689 Lao Hmong, including 158 UNHCR-designated "persons of concern."
3. Participation to the process towards the World Summit on Information Society (WSIS) and Participation to the WSIS in Geneva, 10-12 December 2003.
Source: Institute of Public Health, 2005.
In the evening an opening ceremony took place at the Peace Palace in Phnom Penh featuring the participation of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme Helen Clark, Minister Attached to the Prime Minister of Cambodia and Vice President of the Cambodian Mine Action Authority Prak Sokhonn, and landmine survivor and youth activist Song Kosal.
She is such a honey-lipped girl that she I have seen the person you mentioned, but I dont know his name. 6
The Council mission's visit reaffirmed the international community's commitment to a comprehensive and lasting settlement of the situation in Somalia through the Transitional Federal Charter, and stressed the importance of broad-based and representative institutions reached through a political process ultimately inclusive of all, as envisaged in the Transitional Federal Charter.
It is the second largest exporter of goods and will become the number one within a few years.
Under options one and two, the value of the equipment, or the leasing amount agreed upon with the vendor, is to be deducted from the troop contributor's share of self-sustainment reimbursements.
The movie's star, Jason Statham, spent nearly an hour signing autographs in Leicester Square, but Madonna and Ritchie had only brief contact with the crowd of some 2,000 fans
These data were supplemented with information gathered in interviews with experts and key informants.
99. UNDP/GEF large marine ecosystem projects, namely YSLME, BCLME and BSERP, have taken measures to address the issues of by-catch and discards in their respective areas of operation.
On that occasion the review of the case file began with one defence attorney and was completed with another, because the author refused the services of Ms. Abramova.
But if one claims to be doing science, he or she must do things with academic discipline and be ready to be monitored by any other scientist in a professional way.
Venezuela 14. A list of representatives who attended the meetings of the Special Committee in 2003 appears in document A/AC.109/2003/INF/1.
His friend had left him that morning for London, but was to return home in ten days time.
In Greece, protection measures are implemented for the district attorneys, the inquisitors and the judges of the case of the terrorist groups "17 November" and "E.L.A".
However, the Committee is concerned about the lack of implementation of criminal law provisions criminalizing violence against women and harmful traditional practices.
Social opportunity cost The opportunity cost to society of diverting resources from marginal private sector projects to public sector ones.
ENACAL Nicaraguan Aqueduct and Sewage Company
A) warrant B) obligation C) assurance D) certainty 5. The Christmas tree was decorated with shining  such as colored lights and glass balls
His hands took mine and we were silent
Recommendations
About HKIRC and HKDNR
The caller might have the feeling that he is talking to a human being, not to a stone wall.
5. The Chair of the Human Rights Council Working Group on the UPR stated that it is of utmost importance when discussing human rights issues that everybody respect each other's views and uphold United Nations terminology and standards when referring to countries and territories.
General Science Capacity Special Fund
Avoid the Reviews of Others Before WritingStudy Them Afterwards [/b] Your experience at a film is truly unlike anyone elses experience, and your work will be better the more unique and personal it is to you.
That principle underlies our position on the Falkland Islands.
It is, however, estimated that the total number of stateless persons worldwide is over 10 million.
Online multiplayer games let up to five players form a pack to explore and hunt together.
Financial, budgetary and administrative matters
Tajikistan accepts this recommendation and considers that it has already been implemented.
Arab coordination within the International Atomic Energy Agency
Unforeseen and extraordinary expenses
V. Matters relating to the definition and delimitation of outer space and the character and utilization of the geostationary orbit, including consideration of ways and means to ensure the rational and equitable use of the geostationary orbit without prejudice to the role of the International Telecommunication Union
1. The Committee considered the second and third periodic reports of Liechtenstein (CEDAW/C/LIE/2 and CEDAW/C/LIE/3) at its 797th and 798th meetings, on 26 July 2007 (see CEDAW/C/SR.797 (B) and 798 (B)).
Back issues of the Journal of the United Nations, in English and French, can be accessed at the following addresses: <www.un.org/ga/search/journal.asp> and <www.un.org/french/ga/search/journal.asp>.
Consultations with the State party
That opportunity should be given "in any manner" the appointing authority "considers appropriate", in order to better reflect the discretion of the appointing authority in obtaining views from the parties.
117. PHR reported "One of the dams of the water treatment plant South of Gaza City was hit by a bomb from a F-16 aircraft during the attacks in December 2008/January 2009, flooding an area which was partly occupied by Bedouin residences".
3. Sound pressure level exceeding 235 dB...
The Conference of the Parties,
The committee are supposed to pass on the qualifications of the applicants.
During listening, the main hindering factor of understanding and judging is the new words.
Time/cost-distance methodology and toolkit.
She was fragile and neurotic and I was the white knight.
This broken light is an inconvenience.
24. During the reporting period the number of children born out of wedlock increased, with prevalence in the rural area (Annex 7).
"Commercial sample"means: articles considered by customs as being of negligible value, which are merely used in pursuit of orders for merchandise of the kind.
Nauru
It was that information the NEJM authors mined to explore obesity context of a social network.
Indian yoga teachers
3. Calls upon the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Human Rights Council to support, cooperate and collaborate closely with civil society, the private sector, academia, regional organizations, the media and other relevant stakeholders, as well as with organizations, programmes and funds of the United Nations system, and relevant networks and bodies such as the Alliance of Civilizations, the United Nations Global Compact and the United Nations Office for Partnerships in efforts to develop, in particular, the design of strategies and international, regional, national and local programmes of action aimed at broadbased and sustained human rights learning at all levels;
The insolvency processes serve important commercial and policy needs for businesses experiencing financial difficulties.
The Education Outreach Cluster creates and disseminates educational material on the United Nations for students and teachers at all educational levels to build long-term support for the Organization.
An overview of security measures employed in the national registry to prevent unauthorized manipulations and to prevent operator error and of how these measures are kept up to date
Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and strengthening of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat)
Gross national product
They may also facilitate more effective participation of small countries in norm-setting -- in such areas as the formulation, adoption and implementation of prudential codes and standards for the financial sector -- where the principle of subsidiarity could properly apply.
Unsustainable levels of energy consumption and significant carbon emissions and consumption of natural resources in cities, which were home to nearly half the world's population, was another key area of concern, together with the significant reliance of emerging and recovering economies on natural resources.
The SEP provided a total of 400 million pesos in funding for the best qualified projects.
Rights to participate in recreational activties, sports and cultural life
The General Assembly takes note of the report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people.
4. Implementation of the medium-term programme framework, 2008-2011, including:
Higuera de la Serena
My room was almost always locked and yours was no different.
Torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment
But they feel a lot safer living over the border in El Paso.
Finally, the Committee was unable to recommend any exemption at all for the 17.365 tonnes for food processing facilities requested by the United States because of what it saw as inadequate substantiation of the need for the exemption.
2. In view of its catalytic role, the Institute shall make every effort to develop and utilize networking, as appropriate, in carrying out its functions.
Which of the following ranges contains the correct population of the United States today?
The present report updates the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the Commission on Human Rights at its sixty-first session (E/CN.4/2005/86 and Add.1), as well as the report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session (A/59/309). Paragraphs
28. Given the impact of extractive industries on indigenous peoples and on their livelihoods, UNDP actively engaged with a number of stakeholders and in 2012 developed a Strategy for Supporting Sustainable and Equitable Management of the Extractive Sector for Human Development.
It also recommends that the State party pay attention to the situation of disabled married women with a view to ensuring their economic independence.
While emphasizing the importance of addressing the issues raised by the Board in its report for the year ended 31 December 2010, the Advisory Committee notes that no material errors were found in the financial statements and welcomes the progress made by UNHCR, which has led to the issuance of an unmodified opinion for that period.
There were other concerns about the extraordinary measures with respect to UNAMID that he would raise during discussions of the agenda item.
The two figures are commensurate with the proportion of high-priority and low-priority designated outputs in total implementation, namely 12 per cent and 4 per cent respectively.
13. The moment was short-lived.
It promotes innovation and investment opportunities in renewable energy and environment and represents an unrivalled business platform bringing together project owners and solution providers with investors and buyers.
The stress tests were aimed at estimating how much each bank would lose if the economic downturn proved even deeper than currently expected.
 5.3 The Committee observes that the author's remaining allegations concern claims about irregularities in the court proceedings, in that the judge instructed the jury improperly on the issues of identification and common design or joint enterprise.
At its forty-seventy session, in 1992, the General Assembly established the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for the elaboration of an international convention to combat desertification (resolution 47/188).
Fifty-third session
8. Lebanon firmly believed in the notion of human rights, endeavoured to protect and strengthen them and had actively participated in formulating the relevant international legislation.
In the north of China, people eat a lot of noodles and dumplings.
 1. The present report is submitted in response to Security Council resolution 866 (1993) of 22 September 1993, by which the Council authorized the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia (UNOMIL).
Foreign journalists and permanent offices of foreign media organizations must abide by the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China.
67. UNHCR is in the process of procuring 2,000 double-fly tents to partially replace tents that suffered damage and no longer provide adequate shelter for displaced communities residing in roadside settlements and camps.
Since 2004, and thus at the time of the author's own PRRA application in 2009, the PRRA function has been under the authority of the Minister of Citizenship and Immigration, thereby further reinforcing the Officer's independence.
Just putting off the day when you find yourself dancing next to girls Who are ten years younger than you, and you realize you've missed your window.
Rule 140
Which is great because I invited ty along, too.
This is one way of reiterating our support for and interest in the operational activities of the United Nations.
For example , exhaustion of non - line staff, the duty may fall asleep and lead to dire consequences.
Certificate of inspection issued by applicant and signed by Mr. Hu Jia, stating that goods are inspected and approved.
It focused on promoting political participation of women, including those from among traditionally marginalized groups, and gender equality as a guiding core principle.
Managed access and possibly other mechanisms for declared and undeclared facilities and other locations will need to ensure effective verification without compromising sensitive national security information or providing information that could assist potential proliferation.
These guarantees include the existence of procedural bodies as well as safeguards.
81. In Fiji, new drainage network designs will be developed that take into account changes in rainfall patterns.
77. HRCP noted growing extremism and intolerance, and the failure to bring to justice perpetrators of violence and hate speech.
4. No documents were submitted for consideration under this item.
b The Department of Management (Office of Human Resources Management) is responsible for the preparation of Article 8 for the period up to and including 1996.
ug
New formats for discussion in the Committee
Old cases
 33. A very important part of the activities of UNPROFOR is carried out by its military and civilian personnel on the ground, who have daily contact with local authorities.
These reveal a predominance of women working as "office staff" (67.5%), and in "commerce and service work" (61.9%).
Distinguished colleagues, I am very pleased to inform you that, at the presidential consultations held yesterday, my proposal to appoint special coordinators on the review of the agenda of the Conference on Disarmament, on the expansion of its membership and on its improved and effective functioning received unanimous support, as we have been informed by the coordinators of the groups and China.
13 (k)
1. The author of the communication is Mrs. Yevgeniya Podolnova, a Russian national born in 1952.
One example of this is the equipment required to guarantee that every formed police unit is self-sustainable.
Saint-Maugan
Annual session 2008
You will be chilled to the bone without your overcoat.
Degrees July 1977 Master's degree: private trade law
The two tower buildings of the World Trade Center have disappeared from the map of New York.
Value chains
They never bother to ask the next question: what would Saudi Arabia do with the dollars?
76. The improvement of technology transfers to African countries has been recognized as a priority by the international community, as recalled by the Monterrey Consensus and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
None the less, the assumptions made during that time and hence the conclusions arrived at, contradict today's realities.
The authors quote a recommendation issued by the Parliamentary Standing Committee that the Government remove the PRRA from the jurisdiction of Citizenship and Immigration Canada officials and instead mandate the IRB to carry out PRRAs.
The study will determine the model for an emergency shelter, with attention to the broader context of emergency, transition, second-stage, and social housing services in the Yukon.
(3) All property transferred by this  section  which  immediately  before  the establishment day was standing in the books of any bank or was  registered in the books of any bank, corporation  or  company  in  the  name  of  the Company shall, upon the request of the Commission made at any time  on  or after the establishment day, be transferred in those books  by  the  bank, corporation or company into the name of the Commission.
This allows you to retrieve the values of the submitted variables and enter them as a new record into the database.
Ukraine
They aren't 'owned' by people, they're 'parented' by people.
The suit by Judicial Watch on behalf of Halliburton shareholders claims Mr. Cheney and other Halliburton executives 11)artificially boosted profits by 455 million, between 1998 and 2001
He faces a dozen charges including robbery and kidnapping.
Jordan went to the line 8, 772 times during his illustrious career, while Bryant stands at 8, 277 attempts to date.
Relationship between outcome of 43 cases pregnancy complicated cardiopathy and gestation health care
"He is not that," I answered quickly.
United Nations Office at Geneva
C. Storage/supplies room
Belize
Although the meeting was reportedly inconclusive, Government and the armed opposition groups have indicated that they remain committed to dialogue.
Israel's decision not to respond, at least for the moment, makes perfect sense.
But that is not going to happen.
(Refer to http://bo.io.gov.mo/bo/i/94/30/declei40_cn.asp);
Under the act, CPASs may draw on a fund, financed through a tax on energy transport, in order to assist needy persons to pay their energy bills. (Act of 04/09/2002, Moniteur belge, 28 September 2002.)
Mom, why do I have to graduate
Liverpool Urban Area
The unique frying filter can have functions of coarse filtering and fine filtering.
(b) At the continuing violations of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran, in particular executions in the apparent absence of respect for internationally recognized safeguards, cases of torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, the failure to comply fully with international standards in the administration of justice and at the absence of due process of law, and also at the apparent absence of respect for internationally recognized legal safeguards and the use of national security laws to deny the rights of the individual;
3. Provisions have not been made under sections 2, 23 and 28E of the programme budget for the biennium 20062007 for the activities envisaged under operative paragraphs 6, 7 and 9.
Dad: If you keep your promise, I will also let you watch Ultraman this evening. RecitationDaniel: My father is really careless.
They also to replay all their campaign's activity to show verified displays and clicks.
Services to the media
Visualizing an object or a situation, and repeating often this mental image, attracts the object or situation into our lives.
The world's largest investment fund, it has grown by $400bn this year alone.
To ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the programmes by the NGOs, the Ministry also provides non-monetary support such as capacity building courses, consultation, guidance and instilling good governance practices.
The 2013 High-level Dialogue is a crucial step for the international community to guide the global migration policy agenda, make concrete recommendations on how to make migration work for development and ensure that the issue of international migration is brought into the post-2015 development debate.
If the real value of long-term rates were to remain below this value of 5.5 per cent in the long run, it might result in reevaluation of the benefits to be paid.
:: The tax revenue collected by the Burundi Revenue Authority in 2014 was 630 billion Burundi francs, compared with 505 billion Burundi francs in 2013
Those efforts will ensure both continued compliance with the minimum operating security standards/residential security standards applicable to the United Nations engagement in Afghanistan and support the process of planning for the Mission's future security strategies.
3.1. Equitable access by girls and boys to basic education is enhanced and the number of children having received primary education is increased
87. He supported the report's call for a development-oriented approach based on national consensus and for pro-poor economic and trade reform towards the assumption of responsibility for statehood.
With Afghans now fully responsible for the security of their country, and as ISAF nears the end of its mandate, I urge that international commitments to the sustainment of Afghan forces made at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) summits in Lisbon and Chicago, United States, be met.
He did, however, have the opportunity to have his case reviewed by the Administrative Tribunal and the Council of State, and at both procedures he was represented by counsel.
The ongoing direct discussions between Pristina and Belgrade were instrumental to that success and will remain important for ensuring that the progress achieved withstands challenges arising from differences of interpretation or tensions on the ground.
For the first time, it feels right.
Published at Headquarters, New York ,
Strengthens the education of credit administration and supervision of the public opinion.
Fontaine-Guérin
Affirming the need for a peaceful process leading to the disarmament of factions, political reconciliation and the re-establishment of effective government committed to the promotion and protection of human rights,
Educational activities to introduce self-cultivated habits among people;
ESCAP
Letter dated 20 September 2002 from the Permanent Representative of the Sudan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the documents of the twenty-ninth session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held at Khartoum from 25 to 27 June 2002 (A/57/422-S/2002/1064)
This programme studies the technology which will be needed to enable redeployable transportation systems which can follow Ariane-5 to be developed.
But we now recognize the considerable impact of social structures on the operations of the brain and body and vice versa.
8. Reiterates the need to ensure the security of United Nations staff and its support for the measures already taken by the SecretaryGeneral in this regard;
is not carrying out reprocessing related activities at the TRR and the MIX Facility or at any of the other facilities to which the Agency has access;
Future levels, however, were subject to some uncertainty over emissions from CFC banks, currently increasing production of HCFCs and atmospheric transport.
At the same meeting, on the same day, the Director of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the former humanitarian coordinator for Libya, and the Director of the Regional Bureau for North Africa and the Middle East of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNCHR) made statements.
Tumors were measured and the surface areas were calculated.
12. Mr. Hachani (Tunisia) said that the NPT remained the cornerstone of the global non-proliferation system and the essential foundation for pursuing nuclear disarmament.
The report also urged full disclosure of the number of listed company shares on loan to potential short sellers
Glypheoidea
People won't give him credence.
Iraq's ambassador to the United States says his country still needs U.S. reconstruction assistance, despite large Iraqi fiscal surpluses driven by record-high oil prices.
London
1995, 2003 and 2008 Source: Figure based on data reported in G. Sedgh and others, "Induced abortion: incidence and trends worldwide from 1995 to 2008", The Lancet, vol. 379, No. 9816 (18 February 2012).
The pages are full of advice on fashion, beauty and products.
Ghana
They tried to impose a ban on smoking.
States**
Indeed, the rates of chronic malnutrition, insufficient body weight and acute malnutrition were 34 per cent, 20 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, according to the 2006 Multiple Indicator Cluster Survey.
Any person can make written representation in respect of the amendments to the Secretary of the Town Planning Board on or before May 20, 2009. Representations made to the Board will be available for public inspection.
1 D-2, 5 P-4, 6 P-3, 7 P-2/1, 1 General Service (Principal level), 2 General Service (Other level), 5 Security Service
This typically includes units that carry out executive direction, policy and evaluation, external relations, information, planning and resource management, finance and administration, and audit functions, including activities and associated costs of a recurring and non-recurring (one-time) nature.
The Collaborative Partnership on Forests, consisting of 12 multilateral forest-related organizations, has also been formed to support the activities of UNFF.
:: The General Assembly high-level meeting on NCDs to offer all parties the opportunity to change the way these diseases, and their associated risk factors, are viewed and addressed around the world.
However, endemism in the limestone flora of Hainan is not obvious as compared to that of neighboring Provinces.
Philippines
25. The secretariat presented the estimated financial resources required to organize the workshops referred to in paragraph 24(g) above, which amount to USD 1,645,000, out of which the secretariat has already secured about USD 865,000.
Commercial bank debt and supplier credit represent 13 per cent and 5 per cent of total debt, respectively.
As you have indicated in your non-paper, Mr. President, there are a number of measures contained in various resolutions, particularly resolutions 51/241 and 55/285, which have not been implemented.
General operating expenses and contributions to common services
Spain regards peacebuilding as one of the cardinal features of its foreign policy, in which disarmament and non-proliferation play a fundamental role.
next but one/two Last but one/two He wanted nothing but to stay here for another day
Kelly: Is it happening all over again- you know, Billy, losing money Jim: Well, I told him to invest in the HSI when it was above fifty-five hundred points.
Senate (Upper House)
307. Lastly, the Swiss development cooperation policy in the field of study grants and courses is designed to encourage women's participation in training programmes organized in Switzerland.
(3) The State in whose territory the emergency originates is required under paragraph 2, subparagraph (a) to notify, "without delay and by the most expeditious means available", other potentially affected States and competent international organizations of the emergency.
It was further recommended that the provisional agenda contained in document GC.10/1 should be adopted.
They had two sons, William and Harry, but divorced in 1996 after admissions of adultery on both sides.
The Executive Secretary advised the Governing Council of the Panel’s determination, and the Governing Council duly took note of the Panel’s request, made through the Executive Secretary, for an extension of time.
21 August 1993
That's true in the short run.
c. Insurance contracts are unilateral, meaning that only the insurer makes legally enforceable promises in the contract
Instead they are confusing entities that seem to flit between one world and another to suit their own purposes.
Activities of the project include training of labour officers; educating children, local leaders and villagers; public education campaigns through document hand-outs, videos, shows, exhibitions and quiz shows; regular inspection of child labour conditions in the workplace as well as medical services for child labourers.
Fermat
57/140. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
To enhance food security, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) initiated the distribution of high-yield maize seeds to 21,000 rural households affected by civil unrest, drought and/or local locust infestation.
(c) Related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/63/769);
Distr.: General
Since there were 1,886 AWPs in 2009, approximately 38,000 indicators made up the corpus of the UNFPA programme.
Report of the eighteenth session of the High-level Committee on South-South Cooperation (E/2013/SR.32)
There is now consensus that the Constitution stipulates that local government elections would be party-based and the local government act as now drafted states that parties and independents can contest elections for local councils.
I will be back home for a fortnight.
Investigators estimate that $ 35 m had been spent on bribes and backhanders.
Congo
- Adolescent girl, village near Kabala, Sierra Leone
III. Migrant female workers
Studies indicate that nonfarm earnings now account for more than 20 percent of total household income.
B. Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
4 PzH M109
24 Id like to change my reservation.
Growth factor
It is time + S + It is time the authorities concerned took proper steps to solve the traffic problems.
Others concluded that the elections had failed to meet international standards, but nevertheless paved the way for the remaining provisions of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement to be implemented.
The Special Rapporteur noted in paragraph 4 of his report (A/51/301) that, since the Centre for Human Rights was still understaffed, he had been unable to distribute notes verbales to Member States on time.
The Government should actively seek assistance to address the deficiencies with the current electoral legal framework observed during the 2005 polling.
The report contains the proposed resource requirements of 19 political missions pertaining to matters of which the Security Council is seized for the period up to December 2003, the mandates of which extend, or are expected to be extended, into 2003.
The 12 international United Nations conventions and protocols relating to various forms of international terrorism remained fundamental tools in the international community's effort to root out the phenomenon.
52. The lower requirements of $243,300 under this heading are attributable to the cancellation of a number of consultancies (non-training), including those related to the institutionalization of national human rights organizations, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, legal, judicial and human rights, as well as the United Nations police, offset in part by unplanned consultancies for the following: evaluation of quick-impact projects; psychological and stress counselling in the Medical Section; implementation of the recommendation made by the joint Government of Liberia and UNMIL rubber plantation task force in its report; gender issues; and the technical evaluation of fuel contracts.
"You have brought us home a cat!" said the artist. "My master knows
Macau Dental Association
Efforts will be made to obtain gender balance in all activities.
Currently in the Centre mediators speak about 20 languages.
The Center for Reproductive Rights regularly submits shadow letters to United Nations treaty-monitoring bodies, supplementing the periodic reports of Governments and thereby playing an essential role in providing a credible and reliable independent source of information.
International Prisoners Aid Association
1. Communication dated 23 December 1996
However, subordination should not result in a secured creditor being accorded a ranking higher than its ranking, whether as an individual creditor or as a member of a class of secured creditors, under applicable law.
The proposals made by the two leaders on the roles that could be played by civil society should also be taken into account.
This is a story of fossil culture written by XX.
Powers of the Acting Chairperson Rapporteur
29 June 1990
Then he was so sprightly, so clean.
"2. Also welcomes the continued engagement of the Government of Myanmar with political actors within Parliament, civil society and opposition parties, and urges the Government to continue constitutional and electoral reform in order to ensure that the elections to be held in 2015 are genuinely credible, inclusive and transparent;
And this is demonstrated by the overwhelming majority that votes in favour of the resolution.
Case No. 1509 Simmons (1)
The Board, therefore, considered that there were no reasons to examine the question of the residence permits under chapter 12, section 19, of the Act.
 (b) Adoption of the report on credentials;
In its homozygous form, the disease is chronic with symptoms of:
In conclusion, the merits of traditional schooling far overweigh those of learning from the Internet, though the latter form cannot be neglected neither.
Her speciality is Greek poetry.
30 October 2003
Not only the staff, but also the administrations of the specialized agencies, had voiced concerns about the Commission.
You ever think maybe the system works sometimes?
Country programmes and related matters
Agenda item 138 (b)
You will need to prove your account ownership, get a new password, and reactivate your account.
The opportunities are similarly multifaceted.
This being China, many passers-by assume it is a fake.
Note 1
Aim To an determinating method for compound pseudoephedrine hydrochloride sustained release capsules.
Haiti needed increased international support to enable it to overcome its current challenges and embark on a path to stability, reconstruction and development.
In this regard, the Ministers stress that the private nature of the banking system does not relieve the host country of its responsibility to ensure unrestricted banking services to the permanent missions of the Member States of the Group in New York and urge the host country to fulfil its obligations accordingly.
I can not choose but do so.
The violence in Kosovo and the alarming humanitarian situation in that region caused the Council to adopt a resolution under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, with specific demands on the parties.
As a career development tool, language training is generally administrated through the human resources services.
(p) Death row prisoners should not be subjected to additional punishment such as being handcuffed and shackled.
We also wish to express our appreciation to the Secretariat and to the cosponsors of UNAIDS, the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, the United States Government and other bilateral and multilateral donors for their generous support to complement Ethiopia's HIV/AIDS response.
1Elimination represents the accounting adjustment to remove the effect of internal UNDP cost-recovery revenue and general management support expense from total UNDP amounts (ref: UNDP Financial Statements, Segment Reporting - Statement of Financial Performance).
Reaffirming its resolutions 51/233 of 13 June 1997, 52/237 of 26 June 1998, 53/227 of 8 June 1999, 54/267 of 15 June 2000, 55/180 A of 19 December 2000, 55/180 B of 14 June 2001, 56/214 A of 21 December 2001, 56/214 B of 27 June 2002, 57/325 of 18 June 2003, 58/307 of 18 June 2004, 59/307 of 22 June 2005, 60/278 of 30 June 2006, 61/250 A of 22 December 2006, 61/250 B of 2 April 2007, 61/250 C of 29 June 2007, 62/265 of 20 June 2008, 63/298 of 30 June 2009, 64/282 of 24 June 2010 and 65/303,
Another option, of course, is to write a letter to the FT.
The reports of the various subsidiary and ad hoc committees and expert bodies remain core items.
It is only with respect to TRR, the MIX Facility and the other facilities to which the Agency has access that the Agency can confirm that there are no ongoing reprocessing related activities in Iran.
Taxonomy/Malus
With regard to poverty reduction he underlined the necessity of targeted international measures that supported national efforts.
so i just put the bark back in my pocket and kept mum .
We recommend that the TED programme plan how to hand over the project after completion of activities.
Before an agreement is reached, the original economic contract shall continue to be effective, except that force majeure makes it impossible to perform the entire obligations of the economic contract or the other party to the economic contract fails to perform the contract within the time limit agreed upon in the contract
(b) Expert group meeting on population growth and demographic structure, Paris, 1992;
ESCWA, in cooperation with the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), also organized a special symposium on intellectual property rights for the Lebanese judiciary, in August 2002.
When some of its desires are filled, it comes up with a list of new ones!
-to clearly define the purposes and objectives of the service and make its mode of delivery transparent to the public;
Energy security
The Personal Envoy stressed that present and future confidence-building measures were humanitarian in nature and must not be subjected to political considerations.
136. The aging of the population presents a trial for the MSAR government.
Mission subsistence allowance
The next time a woman runs for office she will be better prepared to deal with discrimination in the media.
III. Results of the November 2009 PARIS21 Consortium meeting
Web of Science: This online academic database covers journals of science, technology, sciences, and more.
The daughter should pass water again a day night, say to him I want to sing.
32. The message of the Secretary-General on the occasion stressed that desertification and land degradation affect one third of the Earth's surface, threatening the livelihoods, well-being and development of as many as one billion people.
Our company has strong technical force, adopt the modern enterprise management method for processing production.
In a further intensification of the siege, transport vehicles carrying food and construction materials became targets for the Israeli air force and navy.
10 December 1998
The agroforestry project received a budget increase during 1998 and will be expanded significantly in the context of the business plan.
Promotion and protection of human rights
Finally, the Mission notes that the submission it has received from the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, while not containing a summary of Majdi Abd Rabbo's role in the incident in which the three Palestinian fighters were killed, also refers to the incident.
Table II.2, drawn from note 5 to the financial statements, shows the distribution of expenditure according to category of Fund (Annual Programme, United Nations Regular Budget, Supplementary Programme, Junior Professional Officers, Medical Insurance Plan, Working Capital and Guarantee, Staff Benefits).
Republic of Korea
Men knew that they were answerable to God who would judge them for any act of unkindness .
He invited representatives of the United Nations to visit Gibraltar and see for themselves that the statements by Spain were groundless.
The human-caused component of climate change (global warming) is a well-established scientific fact.
Modeling techniques can help developers more easily understand complex technical environments such as a business domain or the architecture of a proposed solution.
Governments and the private sector, as well as multilateral agencies, have a critical role in facilitating awareness raising, education, capacity building and provision of the necessary financial resources for technology development, diffusion and assimilation.
72. In its consideration of the item, the Special Committee took into account the provisions of the relevant General Assembly resolutions, including in particular resolution 66/90 on the dissemination of information on decolonization and resolution 66/91 on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.
25. In addition, agricultural subsidies, particularly those on rice, sugar and cotton, continue to pose economic burdens on developing countries.
Noting that 2012 will mark the twentieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities,
Sotheby's, with its policy of going for fewer but more expensive lots, is slower to show its feminine side, although its annual jewellery sale in St Moritz offers the perfect convergence of big money and big stones.
The Identification Commission and the United Nations Secretariat were of the opinion that, under paragraph 10 of the identification protocol, the adviser who could be designated for each of the 13 tribes was not necessarily a member of the tribe concerned.
In September 2009, before its agricultural recess, the legislature decided not to take action on the recommendations until its next session in January 2010.
Status of regular funding commitments to UNDP and to its funds and programmes for 2012 and onwards
You only see me at night, and you give me your love; if you were to see me in the daytime, you would give me a sou!
Despite their dependence on the EU market for their exports, domestic demand, consumption and investment, including construction in Hungary and Slovenia, remained strong, but more generally the performance of these countries reflects their economic "maturity" and the ability of their economic institutions to handle external shocks more easily.
The Working Group makes the present recommendation to give the special representative real policy guidance and responsibility for all United Nations agencies and operations in full recognition of the important role that resident humanitarian coordinators play in United Nations missions around the world.
Listing
495 Our product is lower priced than the competition.
Jialuo was still ill, always dreaming a stout young boy with dark skin running and laughing with him on the pasture.
Guinea
67. Inadequate education and training, including lack of training on corruption, anti-corruption measures, the nature of judicial independence, autonomy, responsibility and judicial integrity, can all contribute to the corruptibility of the judiciary.
 (i) Answering inquiries received from North America and all countries not served by a United Nations information centre (PERD).
Write the letter so that no matter what rules they learned the letter is clear and unambiguous.
She's at a suggestible age.
Employment protection for women during pregnancy and after childbirth is required.
Role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, in the light of General Assembly resolutions 50/227, 52/12 B and 57/270 B
Article 7. Political rights . 42
Not only is China politically unique, but it also possesses a large and increasingly prosperous domestic market that enables it to lure foreign investment on its own terms.
E-mail: l.bialy@unesco.org WLPGA
No matter what you wear or how nice you try to act, God sees the real you on the inside!
(a) The right to invoke the responsibility of a State (article 40 bis)
Life destroying life before an audience of objects pots and pans, knives and forks, cans and bottles that have no part in the kingdom of evolution.
Mr. André Lapierre, Professor, Department of Linguistics, University of Ottawa
There de Cantel began a flirtation with Suzanne Walter; his own wife and Laroche-Mathieu had become intimates without attempting to conceal their friendship
And rather than try and cash in on their 15 minutes of fame, some do exactly what canoeing gold medalist Dr Tim Brabants did after Beijing, which is to go back to their normal jobs.
We have chosen the following commodity from your price list. Please kindly provide the commodity for us immediately.
we could be like the fantastic four.
69. The European Union and the African Union sent a joint contribution based on a joint workshop that they organized on 5 June 2012.
Conclusions
The members of the Council continued their discussion of a draft resolution on 12 and 14 July.
Mr. Gallegos Chiriboga (Ecuador), Vice-President, took the Chair.
As such, it brought hope for a better future for the region's population, put an end to separation and exile and promoted reconciliation.
8. Welcomes with appreciation the decisions taken by the Executive Boards of the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Office for Project Services, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women and the World Food Programme at their 2011 annual sessions to integrate the Istanbul Programme of Action within their respective programmes of work, welcomes with appreciation the adoption of a resolution by the Assemblies of States members of the World Intellectual Property Organization to mainstream the relevant parts of the Istanbul Programme of Action into various programmes of the organization, also welcomes the decision of the Trade and Development Board of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to mainstream the relevant provisions of the Istanbul Programme of Action into the work of the secretariat and its intergovernmental machinery, and in this regard invites the governing bodies of all other United Nations funds and programmes and multilateral organizations to do the same in an expeditious manner, as appropriate and in accordance with their respective mandates;
Joint submission 3 recommends the regular publication of information on the revenues from the exploitation of resources.
OBJECTIVE: To study the characteristics and the general pattern of the ADR induced by ibuprofen sustained release capsule.
Maldives
 2. By its resolution 846 (1993) of 22 June 1993, the Security Council, inter alia, decided to establish UNOMUR, to be deployed on the Ugandan side of the border between Uganda and Rwanda, for an initial period of six months.
Mr. Aslov (Tajikistan) (spoke in Russian): Mr. President, I should like to thank you for having convened this meeting of the General Assembly.
(c) Working Capital Fund (GC.12/4)
54. The Children and Young Persons (Administration of Justice) Act, was repealed and replaced by the more comprehensive Child Protection Act enacted in October 2009.
50. In the Eastern Mediterranean Region, an action-oriented school health curriculum has been developed jointly by the Islamic Education Scientific and Cultural Organization, UNESCO, UNICEF and WHO for use in primary schools.
 It should also improve dissemination of information for reducing inefficiencies caused by duplicate activities.
I. Information technology
Achieved.
British brides are living in fear and horror that the Prince William and Kate Middleton's Royal wedding could overshadow their big day.
El Salvador (ELS/95/AH/10). Training and documentation for the strengthening of human rights. (ELS/95/AH/28): The police and human rights.
Keiko Hama
It is therefore crucial to ensure a smooth transfer to the authorities of Guatemala of the expertise, knowledge and best practices acquired over the years.
You would like to travel all over the globe and see everything there is to see.
This was the most important event in the field of conventional weapons in the course of this year and is in our view an important step towards a safer world, free of cluster munitions.
3. The partnership or networking approach described above that has been adopted as the mode of operation of the Caribbean Sea Commission will require support at the country level as well as from the full range of regional intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations that make up the network.
The descent of oil prices was a welcome relief.
(c) Programme management firm;
The toothpaste squeezing clamp body can be made into a cylinder or a rectangle.
Possibilities for wheelchair access are foreseen in new and renovated cultural institutions and sports facilities.
The models give theoretic instruction for dynamic study of the flexible manipulator and an important prerequisite for further research.
 In UNRWA, in view of implications on the General Funds cash flow, the Agency may wish to review its policy of advance authorization of funds to pre-finance projects prior to the receipt of contributions.
Many years ago trying to help people with every kind of trouble left me with one sure conviction: in case after case the difficulty could have been overcome  or might never have arisen  if the people involved had just treated one another with common courtesy.
Street noise drown any of that out?
11. The criteria contained in the present report are aimed at delineating more clearly the concrete requirements that enable the classification of a certain practice as good.
UNFPA continues to ensure that an increasing proportion of its total available resources is channelled to development activities, particularly to programmes.
He also thanked the Working Group on the Financing of UNRWA for its analysis and recommendations.
By the time of the current meeting, Bangladesh had submitted its ozone-depleting substance data for 2009, reporting consumption of 127.6 ODP-tonnes of CFCs and 0.5 ODP-tonnes of methyl chloroform.
" "No.
The Decade will provide an unprecedented opportunity for the international community to address actively and positively the full range of issues of concern to indigenous peoples.
The Mission's Fuel Unit ensured that close monitoring of generator fuel consumption in the 9 team sites was implemented and that reports submitted were based on daily use of a dipping gauge, reflecting the actual fuel consumption
The first task is focused on assistance in consolidating the Electoral Commission, in particular its presence throughout the country and the induction and training of staff.
Reports on the Forum sessions are provided to each training participant in their handbook of reference materials.
He recognized some of the attackers, all of whom came from the village of Taftanaz.
Okey. What's on your mind, Miss Jones?
My little daughter licked the jam off her lips.
Planned activities and related outputs Formative evaluation Early in the first biennium, the Evaluation Office will undertake a formative evaluation of the causal relationships embedded in the projects within each programme framework to understand whether those projects are optimally linked to the expected accomplishments.
Contract under procurement process
Being an agricultural country, Mongolia attaches great importance to increasing its agricultural production, especially meat production.
(b) Seven regional consultations were held, under the leadership of the African Union, the Caribbean Community Secretariat and Pan-Caribbean Partnership against HIV/AIDS, the Commonwealth of Independent States and the Latin American Horizontal Technical Cooperation Group on HIV/AIDS in Latin America and the Caribbean, and with the participation of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation;
The first round of exhibition has been staged at Olympian City from 10 -12 November this year with encouraging response from the public.  Two more roving exhibitions will be held later this month after the current three-day show at Citywalk.
546. In 2003, pregnant women made a total of 112,943 visits to receive pregnancy counselling services, which translates into an average of 4.1 visits per pregnant women.
68/532. Documents considered by the General Assembly in connection with the question of the advancement of women
Germany national badminton team
eyesight ['aisait] n. The house is within eyesight
There is no antidote.
Due to the different characteristics between Chinese and English, the entity in the position of prominence is different.
PAPUA NEW GUINEA LAW
She helped him battle the forces of darkness.
General recommendation XXIV concerning article 1 of the Convention
Valentine's cards can also be used for less than romantic purposes.
In most of the member countries, the rediscount instrument has been made more sensitive to market conditions, and the sale and repurchase of central bank papers and treasury bills have been used more often in the management of liquidity.
Your decrees are the theme of my song wherever I lodge.
Mr. Ticar (Observer for Slovenia) proposed, as an alternative to the United States proposal, amending the phrase "has the right to withdraw the electronic communication in which the input error was made" to read "has the right to withdraw the scope of the error of the electronic communication".
Despite the differences, culture and education in the Song and Yuan dynasties will have a niche in the history of cultural and educational development in Guangxi.
30. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council, once all necessary information has been provided by the parties to the Lusaka Ceasefire Agreement, and subject to the continuing cooperation of the parties, proposals concerning the way MONUC could assist in, monitor and verify the implementation by the parties of the plans referred to in paragraphs 7 and 8 above;
Other income, expenditure and adjustments
can be seen inside the thermometer adapter, thus the progress of carvone distillation can be readily monitored.
The informal loans, which often go to small and midsize companies, are typically short-term and involve more onerous terms than conventional loans from China's government-controlled banks.
21. States should encourage the continuation of the emancipation process of the Roma media, in particular Roma periodicals and television programmes, as well as the integration of Roma issues and Roma journalists into non-Roma programming.
My delegation believes that merely restating old positions or putting a spin on formulas that did not work for the CD in the past 10 years or so is a pastime we can ill afford at this point in time.
Can you account for the serial failures in our experiment?
In the context of the family, it is held that giving land to a girl means losing the land, because she has to go elsewhere to start a family.
However, I think the members are aware of the contents of the draft resolution, as it has already been published.
he was caught while stealing in the shop, he was green around the gills
In addition, recent experimental studies and progresses are also briefly introduced.
17.36 The estimated requirements under this heading ($42,200) would cover the cost of expertise in the field of environmental, economic, and social and demographic statistics, as well as that of expert advice on publications.
If other, please specify the requirements (procedures):
I love gazing upon kids chasing the spinning fireworks as it reminds me of my teenage glees.
He said nomads and herders are in conflict with farmers because the changing climate has brought drought and a shortage of fertile lands.
4. The Committee shall designate for follow-up on views adopted under article 5 of the Optional Protocol a Special Rapporteur or working group to ascertain the measures to be taken by States Parties to give effect to the Committee's views.
Its mission is simple: to “make the world a safer place.”
In some regions, the recent improvements in some of these aspects of human development partially offset the lack of progress in reducing income poverty.
31. In Latin American and the Caribbean, regional and subregional financial institutions have been playing a key role in supporting countries in their implementation of anti-cyclical policies to mitigate the impacts of the economic crisis.
Litigate in civil and criminal proceedings that covers Magistrate Court, Session Court, High Court, Court of Appeal and Federal Court;
Resources (thousands of United States dollars)
Arbitrarily fixed prices and arbitrarily limited profits can only prolong shortages and reduce production and employment.
46° 42' 43.18" W
Certain recent international events have backed us up in our perception that the disarmament process must be intensified and the non—proliferation regime strengthened by the accession of countries which have not yet signed the NPT and the Comprehensive Nuclear Test—Ban Treaty, if we are to achieve the common objective of the final elimination of nuclear weapons.
For middle - class and wealthy Americans, straight white teeth are still a virtual birthright.
The slow response discourages or even prevents people from using applications that would improve efficiency and enhance productivity.
The framework for durable solutions for internally displaced persons developed by the Representative of the Secretary-General on human rights of internally displaced persons shows the way forward in that respect.
Ratification, accession or succession
23. In 2008, the secretariat had prepared a review of the impact of currency fluctuations on pension benefits and variations in amounts due as a result of different separation dates.
50.Frankly speaking, your article is very good except for some  mistakes in grammar
A Comparative Study of Zhao Shuli and Sun Li's Fiction Styles
Workers are forced into low-paid, insecure jobs.
d For plenary meetings only.
For correct installation use a multiple  pole  switch  or  relay as shown below.
The art of sword - making has been lost.
Antigua and Barbuda, 2 February 1989
6. The TRC has functioned without the members of the International Technical Advisory Committee (ITAC).
Regional and interregional efforts are also needed to arrest this scourge.
The Tibetan people is an inseparable part of Chinese people who will never let the foreigners to divide.
Senegal
One wonders, though, Who precisely is best served by missing this opportunity.
Rule 2
She turned out to be an organizer par excellence.
[Original: English]
It was also avowed that the choice between multilateralism and regionalism is a false one because the two processes have already been ongoing for some time and are complementary since they mutually reinforce the goal of bringing about liberalization in international trade.
The water sure looks cold. Let's jump in.
We don't get much sun in this room ; it's rather a dark room .
Disarmament measures should be carried out in accordance with the principles of transparency, verifiability and irreversibility.
16. For their part, prior to the implementation of programmes, development partners must determine the results which they hoped to obtain from each operational activity for development, supervise the activity and evaluate the results obtained using various indicators and frames of reference.
University studies take place under an accredited study programme - according to a study plan and a prescribed form of study.
Such attitudes were surprising, considering the advances made in so many other areas.
One in Ten, volumes 14, 15, 16 and 17, were published and distributed in English, French and Spanish between 1994 and 1997.
An overview of all documents with the options "e-mail" or "RSS" next to each document category is located there.
With regard to this ad hoc committee, I wish to state the following for the record.
62. The role of the Security Council in the pacific settlement of disputes (13 May 2003; 13 May 2003).
Distr.: General
Cooperation between ILO and other agencies and organizations, including the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), human rights treaty bodies and the Centre for Human Rights;
I think it is one of the most important culinary feasts of American culture, and I feel connected to it because of that.
In this paper we present a general continuum model to study the LWL optical phonons in single-walled BN nanotubes in many ways.
Increasing the numbers of appointments at national level
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific,
Special needs of least developed countries11;
The moon is distant from the earth.
High-importance
The creation of space and opportunities for women to contribute to development is a policy priority for the Government.
15.God works.
During construction, a number of human rights abuses in the local areas has been reported following the arrival of Light Infantry Battalion 121.
Method By analyzing the files and records which were accumulated by the Health and Anti-epidemic Station and the Central Hospital and Shanghai Medical University.
Do not allow these ones to pull YOU down, for that is how they are used by the adversary to pull you precious ones from God's service!
(a) Interim financial performance for 2000-2001;
Boss: No problem. If you stay longer, you might buy more handicrafts!
General function of space object
10. Ms. Astanah Banu (Malaysia), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
The IPSASB works with a very limited staff as an independent standard-setting body under the auspices of the IFAC.
In this work, end-modified block polymer dispersants was synthesized and the adsorption properties of it on two inorganic pigments, titanium pigment and iron oxide red pigment were studied.
International Cartographic Association
Establishing ownership and engagement of senior managers in the project from the beginning;
 The above rates are subject to supplements of 10 and 25 per cent for civilian staff at the D-1/D-2 and Assistant Secretary-General (ASG)/Under-Secretary-General (USG) levels, respectively.
AIG GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY CHINA LIMITED ANNOUNCES OPENING OF BEIJING BRANCH
Heart pounding with fear for the injured , Jimmy raced to the nearest house,
If your face is clean shaven, shave regularly. Stubble, when it's not intentionally there, promotes a look of unkempt.
92. The United Nations distributed over 18,500 textbooks in Bay and Bakool regions, benefiting 23,653 children, 8,013 of which were girls.
Sam’s world of 2030 is not mere fantasy.
They grasped at strangers and familiar faces alike, as if waiting for the earth to open up and swallow them again.
The top is black patent leather.
For this reason, we also believe that nothing should prevent implementation of the principle of "the responsibility to protect".
Qatar
(a) $980,200 for rental and maintenance of furniture and equipment, representing the cost of maintaining office automation and data-processing equipment;
Invites UNFPA to include in the annual report of the Executive Director an annex providing information about the implementation of the global and regional interventions, at an aggregated level, summarizing results achieved, monitoring activities, including programme performance reviews, as well as oversight activities;
Breakdown of components that contribute to the proposed increase of the budget for the period 2008/09
On 12 October 2001, the Prosecutor of Grozny suspended the investigation, stating that it was impossible to identify the perpetrator, despite the measures taken.
You want to give it a shot?
To promote economic recovery, fiscal measures must be designed to jump start private sector activity, avoiding lasting subsidies and perverse incentives.
However attention was drawn to the circumstances precluding wrongfulness embodied in numerous European Community bilateral cooperation agreements.
8. Benefits of the capital master plan
It applies to areas of marine water the depth of which at low tide does not exceed 6 metres (art. 1).
1 - 3 p.m. Closed meeting (351 East 52nd Street)
I considered it in the public interest to suggest to the Speaker that the House should be summoned today.
Yet there was nothing ethereal about it; all was real vitality, real warmth, real incarnation.
The statement points out that building capacity to fight diseases should also contribute to the health issues addressed in the United Nations Millennium Development Goals, to which 189 countries have subscribed.
Set standards and stick to them.
At what age do children enter elementary school?
In the light also of the numerous incidents of violence and the challenges to free movement imposed by the separation wall, there must be internationally guaranteed provisions for permanent, free and unhindered access to the holy places by the faithful of all religions and nationalities.
16. Similarly, crossing a State border should not be considered as a crime, since article 13, paragraph 2, of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that "everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country".
I fear I may find myself amid the debris of an earthquake one day. Or some pandemic disease may break out in a heavily polluted area.
This musical play was based on an adaptation of a famous book.
Rule 5.19
91. Cognizant of the global financial and economic environment, the Fund has significantly downsized its previously requested level of resources for this critical missing technical service, as was projected in the Fund's medium-term human resources strategic plan in 2010.
Its total seating capacity is about 1,200 seats in the parterre and 700 seats in the galleries.
Later, the girl asked the boy: "Why don't you turn your cell phone off at night
42. We also recall the commitment of each contracting party to the Convention on Biological Diversity and the Protocols thereto, noting in particular article 8 (j) of the Convention, subject to its national legislation, to respect, preserve and maintain knowledge, innovations and practices of indigenous and local communities embodying traditional lifestyles relevant for the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity and promote their wider application with the approval and involvement of the holders of such knowledge, innovations and practices and encourage the equitable sharing of the benefits arising from the utilization of such knowledge, innovations and practices.
Not ratified Ratification, accession or succession
He just says what most left-wing people already believe.
During the reception, playful friends "decorate" the couple's car with tissue paper, tin cans and a "Just Married" sign.
Having considered the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas),
Of particular importance is the inclusion of stakeholders at the early and formative stages, especially when decisions are to be made in the development of public policy.
The network received 99 queries in 2004, providing 73 consolidated replies, four e-discussions and 10 network digests.
Please cable us an offer at a competitive price.
 The Government needed resources to update its technical equipment as well as to develop additional programmes in the Albanian language.
In addition, UNHCR commenced with the development of a new Policy on Gender Equality for People of Concern to UNHCR, as well as work on updating its Policy on Refugee Women and revising the Guidelines on the Protection of Refugee Women.
What that means is that the big are very, very likely to get bigger.
The Commission was in agreement with its secretariat's conclusion with regard to the feasibility of an interagency roster of qualified women, that such a roster would not be a solution to address the issue of improving the pool of qualified women candidates.
This is critical for deepening regional cooperation and improving the access to seaports of landlocked least developed countries in Africa.
There was an understanding (in discussing recommendation 3) that an objective is to maintain and enhance UNCTAD's core competencies so as to reflect their inherent interconnectedness.
Because I wanted you to know.
Statements of work and technical evaluations for 7 systems contracts as well as monitoring and administration of 35 existing systems contracts
The list of speakers for all items on the agenda of the Sixth Committee is open.
In addition to being unilateral and contrary to the Charter of the United Nations and to the principle of good-neighbourliness, the embargo has caused huge material losses, economic damage and incalculable suffering for the people of Cuba, while also undermining the legitimate economic interests of third countries.
An expert of the Team also accompanied the Chairman on his two visits to selected States in the past year.
18 October 2007
Further, no provision had been made for special missions that as yet had no legislative mandates.
(Thousands of United States dollars)
Article 30 Participation in cultural life, recreation, leisure and sport 30.1 - 30.30 118
The general objectives of the Ninth Five-year Plan (2001-2005) also emphasized "promotion of the role of women in the family and society".
"The Executive Director shall ensure that development projects submitted to the Board for approval, and development projects and Country Programme activities approved under the Executive Director's delegated authority, can be implemented within estimated available resources.
When the radio that he retire race, all the outbreak of a huge sigh of surprise and the Voice!
PPM won five seats, and an independent candidate secured one seat.
A. Cooperation with human rights mechanisms
Arauquita
Figure O.4
The Committee expects the State party to report thereafter every five years, as foreseen by the Convention.
Chapter Six Supplementary Provisions Article 32 The people's governments of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, according to the actual local situations, may determine whether these Regulations apply to social organizations and their full-time staff, private non-enterprise units and their staff and workers, or individual industrial and commercial businesses in cities and towns with employees that are located within their respective administrative areas.
An improvement in women's reproductive health and rights plays a critical part in achieving women's empowerment and well-being, and contributing to other social development indicators, all of which have a long-term positive impact on development and economic growth.
Based on the foregoing, the Panel recommends an award of compensation to Hydril for contract losses in the total amount of USD 116,731.
Many properties are being snapped up before they are even marketed.
The worker's wage was increased across the board.
Sixty-first session
“This acounts for the system of repatriation grants instituted in 1982, which set the tone and was followed, in 1986, by the Act of 9 September on immigration and residence controls over aliens in France and the introduction (by the Minister of the Interior, Charles Pasqua) of large—scale identity checks, thus labelling the entire immigrant population as a potential source of all evils, from unemployment to petty crime or even terrorism.
Interrupted contract: Increased costs (insurance premiums)
A/62/ -S/2007/
When the IDF first learned about the allegations relating to the Namar wells from the Human Rights Council Fact-Finding Report, it tried to locate the wells (since the Report does not provide any coordinates).
greater than greater than or equal to
(ii) Coordination of activities at the subregional and regional levels;
8. In the course of inspections, IGO noticed a significant number of good practices which should be shared, adapted or replicated in other UNHCR operations.
The Driving Forces of the Campaign of New Socialist Countryside Construction--On the Land Ownership Reforms in the Rural Areas
Bijie Plastic Toothbrush Co. Ltd. is a private - fund invested enterprise which lies in Yanglin Section of Guang - Shan Highway with convenient transportation.
Critics began to argue that such policies were no longer fiscally or socially sustainable or necessary.
Through the major conferences of the 1990s and their follow-ups, the United Nations has shown clearly that such conferences are also an important source of law.
Annex II
Any exceptions to this rule may be authorized in writing by the Executive Chief Procurement Officer;
You must not suck sweets in class.
Interpretation
22. Should the draft resolution be adopted by the Human Rights Council, to implement the activities called for in the draft resolution, it is estimated that provisions of $74,000 per annum or $148,000 would be required including (a) $17,000 per annum or $34,000 per biennium under section 2 (General Assembly and Economic and Social Council Affairs and Conference Management); (b) $55,300 per annum or $110,600 per biennium under section 23 (Human Rights); and (c) $1,700 per annum or $3,400 per biennium under section 28 E (Administration, Geneva).
So far, the markets have reacted positively and traders will be watching to see if the trend continues.
Here again, we are looking to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) for leadership.
The developing countries, as the weakest link in the process of economic globalization, are faced with special risks and difficulties.
Communication activities
The amendment had been rejected outright by the main sponsors of the draft resolution on the grounds that it was selective in nature, although they had shown selectivity by including only the subset of safeguards contained in resolution 1984/50.
All of us here -- representatives -- are national leaders.
It would follow that the basic difficulties noticed above would remain.
Aleksandrów County
642. The workforce in the sugar industry includes 84,626 women, or 20 per cent of the total workforce in the sector. This workforce has grown despite the far-reaching changes that have taken place in the sugar industry.
The unspent amount was offset in part by additional requirements for software packages for the development of the UNFICYP website.
The principles articulated in article 18, including that of equality, are reinforced by article 19, which provides: "The State shall safeguard the pillars of society and guarantee security, stability and equal opportunities for citizens."
Commercial Information Circular No. 338/2008
15. Mr. Tommo Monthe (Cameroon), recalling that the proposed programme budget should be considered within the broader context set out in regulations 2.1 and 2.2 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation (ST/SGB/2000/8), said that a representative of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (CPC) should be constantly available during the Fifth Committee's deliberations to explain programme content, as required.
We cordially invite you to join us to develop the famous brand name.
It also noted that it was essential to finalize the plan by the end of July 2014.
Technical support costs incurred by the Fund are integral parts of project budgets and are not part of biennial budget expenditure.
One diseased crop or the misguided purchase of spurious seeds, for example, necessitates a loan.
After handling live poultry, poultry products or eggs, wash hands thoroughly with soap or liquid cleanser.
3. The full mandate of the Committee is contained in paragraph 9 of Security Council resolution 1160 (1998), the pertinent parts of which read as follows:
The United Nations Joint Human Rights Office regularly documents cases of torture or ill-treatment at all stages of the detention process (see A/HRC/13/64).
Recognizing that women and girls bear the disproportionate burden of caring for and supporting those living with and affected by HIV and AIDS, and that this impacts negatively on girls by depriving them of their childhood and diminishing their opportunities to receive an education,
53. Although there is an international legal system that recognizes the rights of indigenous peoples, including to self-determination, autonomy, territory, natural resources and free, prior and informed consent, the national legal systems in most countries with indigenous peoples do not reflect the norms provided for in the international legal system.
marriage just like a dress . the persons who do not love each other will reject the true feelings before they take it back home.
It is no exaggeration to say that the construction of the separation wall has had devastating political, economic and humanitarian consequences for the people of Palestine.
The goal set forth in Millennium Development Goal 3 and enunciated by the UN (promotion of gender equality and expansion of women's rights), which includes ending sexual discrimination at various levels of education (specifically, in primary and secondary education by 2005 and in vocational education by 2015), has been fully achieved in Armenia.
Please accept this letter as a petition to speak before the Fourth Committee on the issue of Western Sahara.
This mini-review is to discuss the relationship between pharmacophore and scaffold and illustrate methods and skills in the scaffold hopping with some examples.
But, hush, here comes somebody.
III. Other issues
Course   I can't help but think What would be best for ma is for her to live out her days In the place where she already spends most of her time.
That's a poor excuse for picking a man's pocket every twenty-fifth of December!
175. The Working Group expressed its appreciation to the Special Rapporteur, Miguel Alfonso Martínez, for his final report on the study on treaties, agreements and other constructive arrangements between States and indigenous populations and endorsed its conclusions and recommendations.
The provisional agenda for the session is reproduced above.
Star finch
:: Article 330 (amended by article 31 of Act No. 1453 of 2011).
It is envisaged that the proposed guidelines would eventually be incorporated into the revised Manual, which could include a new presentation reflecting the more decentralized approach to preparing Repertory studies, as well as bring the editorial directives into line with current standards.
General Ndayshimiye Evariste
Syrian Arab Republic
The next day, rabbit juanito bakery, "the boss, to have a hundred small bread? "
The mind of man plans his way, But the Lord directs his steps
It circled over the South before leaving at 0954 hours.
Annual compilation and accounting report for Annex B Parties under the Kyoto Protocol
59. Over the next two years, the Special Rapporteur would like to be invited by those Governments to visit their countries in order to assist the authorities, institutions and social partners to promote domestic legislation and national action plans in favour of the right to food.
Internet Governance Forum
The Conference held extensive discussions on possible future ILO work on the development of methods in labour statistics, including the priorities identified in the review report.
Our belief is that diplomacy is the only means by which States may join as partners and co-operate in bringing about changes which promote peace, economic and social progress for all people, both in principle and, more importantly, in practice.
Pkg-config
135. More than a century later, the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal held, in Rankin v. The Islamic Republic of Iran, that an expulsion was unlawful if it denied the alien concerned a reasonable opportunity to protect his or her property interests:
278. The Committee recommends that the State party take effective measures to protect the full enjoyment of the rights of children belonging to ethnic minority groups and undertake special measures to stimulate a process of reconciliation and confidencebuilding, including wideranging educative and awarenessraising campaigns.
It also encouraged Tunisia to continue its efforts to combat impunity for serious human rights violations.
Expenditures by region
Evaluation (UNDP)
Switzerland welcomes the establishment of two new special procedures on the freedoms of association and peaceful assembly and on non-discrimination against women in law and in practice.
One-parameter group
5. On 22 January 1997, the author reiterates that the search was illegal since article 343 of the Code of Criminal Procedure does not provide for night-time "commando-like" actions, rooftop entries, firing into the air, etc.
He claims that the seizure and the destruction of the official leaflets during an electoral campaign constituted an attempt by State officials, supporting the regime in place, to obstruct the Mr. Milinkevich's campaign.
This appeal was renewed in the Millennium Declaration.
Article 2, Letter e
21 November 2011
(CEDAW/C/13/Add.12)
Lancelot, I don't believe I've ever met your like before.
What answer can be made to a proponent of this view?
There were 75 accused, 74 of them men, and the courts handed down sentences of 6 to 28 years' deprivation of liberty.
UV ( ultraviolet ) light can damage eyes and skin, so it must be filtered out.
13. Mr. Maleki (Islamic Republic of Iran), referring to paragraph 29 of draft resolution A/C.4/59/L.7, requested that the words "Islamic Republic of Iran," be inserted following the words "in Tehran".
Paulette Bourgeois
define the purpose and objectives of the project and the means of achieving them;
In the view of the Netherlands, it is in any case not desirable to consider the development of a convention before the completion of the work on those other shared natural resources.
Objective To explore the clinical application of endourological treatment of prostatic hyperplasia complicated with bladder stone.
Para. 13: Decriminalizing of sexual acts between adults of the same sex, protecting homosexuals from harassment, discrimination and violence (art. 26).
Villages Located along Lancangjiang River (prose)
Consequently, in August the Georgian Government duly informed the Security Council that the military action taken by the Georgian Government was in self-defence, in accordance with Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations.
Based on United Nations operational rates of exchange
Thursday, 29 November 2007, from 3 to 6 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
But to our deep regret this was not to be because the document contained a number of provisions at variance with the Framework Agreement and the Modalities.
 In order to minimize the consequences of future disasters most effectively, mitigation measures should be built into development programmes and be an integral part of the continuum from disaster to rehabilitation.
The utility model is an ideal necessary equipment used to manufacture the super - thin stone beehive plate.
But the settlement of the question of the Sahara in accordance with international law did not suit Algeria, which deliberately chose to create a regional dispute, in a totally artificial way, and has taken steps to internationalize it.
PLA Naval University of Engineering
Concerns about reduction of transaction costs and certainty would suggest that the law of the location of the asset exclusively govern the validity of the security right as a property right.
Chairmen of sanctions committees and other subsidiary organs of the Security Council, after each meeting, should give substantive and detailed briefings on their proceedings to non-members of the Council ... and, as appropriate, distribute documents which were considered in the course of such meetings.
B: Its gross area is approximately nine hundred square feet. There's one living room, one dining room, one master room and two bedrooms
(a) To intensify efforts, including through law enforcement and improved awareness-raising, to eliminate the persistent tradition of son preference, which often results in foetal sex identification for non-medical purposes, sex-selective abortion, forced abortion and sterilization and female infanticide;
The fact that ONAM is made up of governmental and non-governmental representatives enables it to raise public awareness of the importance of women's participation in different spheres of Guatemalan society.
11. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(There is no satiety in study.
Since then, women have held public positions and have been involved in all spheres of life.
As noted above regarding the definition of "public officials", in another jurisdiction parliamentarians were exempted from the scope of coverage.
FICSA takes note of the adjustment, while maintaining that salaries should be (a) based on those of the best paid national civil service (which the United States civil service is not); and (b) increased in real terms by at least 25 per cent to compensate for the loss of purchasing power over the past 15 years.
Distr.: General
11. Given the evolving nature of UNHCR's operations, the proposed 2013 budget is, at the time of preparation of the present report, a preliminary estimate.
In 2007, tourist arrivals were up by 10.3 per cent in Central America and 8.1 per cent in South America and down by 1 per cent in the Caribbean.
Second session
The higher output was attributable to the increase in the number of operational United Nations-owned generators from 184 to 217 and the inclusion of the power generation contract generators under the turnkey fuel contract
This compares to three Pacific island delegations at the 1984 Mexico City conference on population.
NHRC in accordance with Paris Principles established.
Completed nutrient recycling chain is crucial for the health and sustainable development of agro - ecosystem.
Its fear of wayward monetary policy is not.
I'm going to start asking about your green card status, you got it?
Initiative Status
If only the doctor had come a little sooner!
Report of the Secretary-General
17 May 2006
In this regard, it is crucial that international cooperation be enhanced and global partnerships strengthened in order to achieve all eight MDGs by 2015.
The group sets priorities for improvement.
135. One significant element of the Mechanism's work was to examine the working of the certificate-of-origin process in Angola, to ensure that UNITA was not able to sell diamonds inside the country, in view of the original allegations in the report of the Panel of Experts.
In this regard, it held a preparatory all Darfur people's conference in El Fasher from 10 to 12 July, with the aim of, inter alia, mobilizing support for the Doha Document, promoting peaceful dialogue and creating an environment conducive to reconciliation.
Experts had exchanged a wealth of communications around the checklist, including requests for clarification and additional documents.
UNDP, which provides a treasury management function for UNFPA, was unable to perform regular or timely bank reconciliations throughout 1999.
Improved infrastructure, including the cost and reliability of services, would benefit both Africa and the international community, which would be able to obtain African goods and services more cheaply.
2. Also recognizes the rapid growth in broadband access networks, especially in developed countries, and notes with concern that there is a growing digital divide in the availability, affordability, quality of access and use of broadband between high-income countries and other regions, with the least developed countries and Africa, as a continent, lagging behind the rest of the world;
14. Consider favourably reviewing its national legislation to prevent victims of trafficking in persons from being punished (Mexico);
Security
Rule 201
The house has a north-facing aspect.
69. As noted in the 2011 report "Ethics [is] not the sole responsibility of the Ethics Office or the Office of Human Resources", supervisors and managers need to learn how to help staff members deal with everyday ethics-related matters.
Labour and Manpower Division
Cases have been widely reported of migrants whose employers steal their passports or national identity cards and force them to work and live in sweatshops, where they are housed in small overcrowded rooms and barred from leaving the premises.
In accordance with rule 62 of its Rules of Procedure, the Board may wish to set up two sessional committees and refer to them items on the agenda.
A. Staff
you were going to have her committed earlier today.
Everything's good and wonderful. we gotta go. good bye.
Early on, Buddhism grasped the nature of worldly change and divided parts, and then applied it to the human mind.
For Mr Ben Ali, and to a lesser extent Mr Mubarak, defending women's rights was a useful sop to the West.
The progress must be reviewed in due course.
On 01 August 2008 the SCO Secretary-General Bolat Nurgaliev was interviewed by Robert Karniol, a journalist with Singapore’s Straits Times.
14. In carrying out manual mine clearance, Eritrea has standards and standard operating procedures (SOPs) in place which take as their basis the International Mine Action Standards (IMAS), prepared with the aim to provide all personnel involved in landmine and UXO clearance in Eritrea with a reference for training, operations and deployment.
In conclusion, he commended the capacity-building training workshops and seminars offered jointly with other Member States, including one offered in India under the auspices of UNIDO for sub-Saharan countries, but urged donors to step up their funding, because inadequate funding obliged candidates to dip into their own meagre resources or risk missing the opportunity altogether.
The evidence submitted during the trial held in the absence of the accused may not be used, during the second trial, to establish the charges levelled against the accused, except where it is impossible for the depositions to be made a second time or where the evidence cannot again be produced.
4. Cooperation with troop-contributing countries
Article 25 The trustee shall abide by the provisions of the trust documents and handle the trust affairs for the utmost interests of the beneficiary.
In the context of ongoing regional conflicts, the role of the Protocol would only grow more pronounced.
(b) Second review of the Adaptation Fund
58. An overview was given of the various food security early warning systems at global, regional, subregional, national and subnational level.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Barra de Santana
Summary
Special sessions
They won't keep you?
"10. Welcomes the appointment by the Commission on Human Rights of an independent expert on the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, and encourages States to cooperate fully with him;
4. In its previous concluding observations (CEDAW/C/TUR/CC/4-5, paras. 25-26), the Committee recommended the State party to give priority to amending remaining discriminatory legal provisions without delay so as to bring its legislation into line with article 2 of the Convention.
Target 2012-2013: 35 Member States
:: Participate in global child protection learning networks related to both emergency and development contexts.
At that time, national leaders, hosting persons, ambassadors to China, famous enterprises and main media home and abroad will participate in the ceremony.
Three training workshops for 45 journalists on outreach on constitutional issues, including the referendum
That green dress is a real killer.
Copywriters
6. The following States not parties to the Convention participated as observers: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Brunei Darussalam, Ghana, Kenya, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, and United Arab Emirates.
(f) Steps taken to mobilize national and international resources for victim assistance
Sixty-fifth session
Chairman of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa
(7)Capital account refers to the increase and decrease of the assets and liabilities arising from the inflow and outflow of capital in international payments. They include direct investment, various loans, and securities investment.
 The study concluded that, unless the Community takes positive steps to foster trade and investment with developing countries, the latter may not benefit fully from their economic relations with the European Union;
Date/time Agenda item 3 March and week of 6-11 March 2000
The soldiers were ordered to retreat to safer positions.
Elijah Wood (Frodo): Frodo has an amazing amount of trust in Gandalf and anything that Gandalf would ask Frodo to do, Frodo would know that it would be for the best.
Fighting Force
Abortion is a war against the unborn, and especially the "girl" baby. This is violence committed against future generations of females.
I cannot bear this life any longer. Ah, I wish Death would come and take me!
Reading in dim light can ruin your eyesight.
Recalling the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, from 18 to 22 March 2002, and the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, held in Doha from 29 November to 2 December 2008, and its resolutions 56/210 B of 9 July 2002, 57/250, 57/272 and 57/273 of 20 December 2002, 57/270 B of 23 June 2003, 58/230 of 23 December 2003, 59/225 of 22 December 2004, 60/188 of 22 December 2005, 61/191 of 20 December 2006, 62/187 of 19 December 2007, 63/239 of 24 December 2008, 64/193 of 21 December 2009, 65/145 of 20 December 2010 and 65/146 of 20 December 2010, as well as Economic and Social Council resolutions 2002/34 of 26 July 2002, 2003/47 of 24 July 2003, 2004/64 of 16 September 2004, 2006/45 of 28 July 2006, 2007/30 of 27 July 2007, 2008/14 of 24 July 2008, 2009/30 of 31 July 2009, 2010/26 of 23 July 2010 and 2011/38 of 28 July 2011,
Relations between Japan and Korea could only improve when a settlement had been reached on that issue.
Anybody got any money?
But Mole stood still a moment, held in thought
36. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, UNICEF has supported the integration of small arms and light weapons awareness into the national school-based landmine risk education programme, its training for teachers and its peer education programmes.
The meeting of the Board was preceded by meetings of the Board's Standing Committees, which had flagged these issues as being critical for the Board's attention.
Essentially, it is a conflict between adaptability and stability for constitution, and that the constitution amendment owning a merit in abating the conflicts.
The plane burst into flames, killing two of the airmen on board.
Two days later, Prime Minister Ghassan Hitto resigned, citing the inability to form an interim Government to be entrusted with the administration of areas under opposition control.
So far, the approach of the court had been to address economic, social and cultural rights indirectly through their link with civil and political rights.
10. Other business.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a copy of a letter from Rasim Ljajić, Minister for Human and Minority Rights of Serbia and Montenegro, and Nebojša Čović, President of the Coordination Centre of Serbia and Montenegro and of the Republic of Serbia for Kosovo and Metohija, addressed to the Secretary-General (see annex).
The State party has refuted this claim, by affirming that no torture or unlawful methods of investigation were used against the victims, that all acts of investigation and court proceedings were held in accordance with the law in force, and that both victims were represented by lawyers after their arrest.
Richard Trumka
Such proposals may be very good, but I am not sure whether they would in themselves facilitate our efforts to reach consensus.
96. The following gender-equality objectives are pursued within the competence of the French-speaking Community:
23. By its resolution 57/325 of 18 June 2003, the General Assembly appropriated the amount of $90 million gross, equivalent to a monthly rate of $7.5 million gross, for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004.
Defense lawyers are now allowed to meet with clients without first seeking permission from judicial authorities, although only after the clients have been interrogated without lawyers present.
The role of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq in facilitating dialogue over the city of Kirkuk and other disputed internal territories and in smoothing the path to elections in 2009 and 2010 shows the value of civilian assistance missions working the political track alongside military operations deployed by other actors.
For ease of review, data can be summarized in a table form as illustrated in the sample summary table of indicators for the first report for effectiveness evaluation found in appendix II.
Substantive session, 9 June-3 July 2008
Not available
The officials in the international Organization and its agencies, however, and especially those from the permanent members of the Security Council, rather than engaging in such monitoring so as to expose those responsible for their lies and false accusations, busied themselves with discussions of the nature and wording of the new resolution.
As noted in the definition of consumption in the preceding paragraph, the Protocol makes provision for the deduction of exports.
14 Act of the Azerbaijan SSR "On the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region", chap. 2 "Soviet of People's Deputies of the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Region", art. 42 (Baku, 1987), pp.
37. What the different examples above have in common is that they take the specific situation, socio-cultural values, heritage, assets and perspectives of indigenous peoples as a starting point for the intervention.
Similar efforts in Mauritania reduced indoor air pollution and the amount of time women and children spent collecting firewood.
Simultaneous localization and mapping
UNIDO was on track with the reform process, but there were three areas that should be highlighted.
We promptly took steps to carry out disaster relief work and rebuild disaster-hit areas.
 That committee has held five rounds of negotiations, the most recent of which was held at T'az two months ago.
Other committees with oversight responsibilities
The links between poverty, underdevelopment, drug cultivation, production and trafficking, organized crime, arms trafficking, terrorism, trafficking in persons and money-laundering varied from area to area.
During the period under review, the Committee continued to implement the mandate entrusted to it by the Council.
Should the reporting requirement be maintained in the forthcoming resolution, the recommendation would be to report on an annual basis.
It has evolved, at the request of the Commission and the General Assembly, into four main areas of work:
Delegations are kindly requested to limit their statements to no more than four minutes.
I dont like the name Ross.Ross: What a weird way to kick me when Im down.Phoebe: No
Source
 Source: Calculations based on data from the senior post lists for May 1993 and March 1995.
21. The unutilized balance was due to reduced requirements for metal detectors, as they were provided by the United Nations Logistics Base.
Dialogue 2 I:  Tell me about yourself and your past experience
9. The detection of several forest fires during a campaign in 2004 led to swift action to locate and extinguish them, thus preventing substantial economic and environmental damage.
NATO could play an important and complementary role to the one that the European Union plays in the field of security dialogue.
22 February 2008
(e) A dedicated recruitment centre for the catering industry was set up in February 2009 to offer employers and job seekers in the catering industry tailor-made job-matching service and on-the-spot interview arrangement to bridge their recruitment and employment needs efficiently and as early as possible;
Today there are 620 million private cars worldwide, to say nothing of buses, vans and lorries.
11. The Indigenous Consultation System of CDI is a means of recording, systematizing, disseminating and bringing together the opinions, suggestions and recommendations of indigenous peoples and communities with respect to government activities.
The Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism will hold its fifth special meeting with international, regional and subregional organizations, on the theme "Prevention of terrorist movement and effective border security", from 29 to 31 October 2007, at the Conference Centre of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON).
(b) Provision of an accurate snapshot of agency-specific total annual financing (including transfers from other United Nations agencies), entity by entity;
Most of your loved pets are guides and angels in disguise as you would say.
This action underpins the other four.
While the General Assembly, in its resolution S-19/2, had called for the strengthening of the Inter-Agency Committee on Sustainable Development, it was abolished in 1998.
Recognizing with deep concern the increase in antiSemitism, Christianophobia and Islamophobia in various parts of the world, as well as the emergence of racial and violent movements based on racism and discriminatory ideas directed against Arab, Christian, Jewish and Muslim communities, communities of people of African descent, communities of Asian descent and other communities,
Regions of the United States
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman admits that ultimately the activists will probably prevail
I'll be quicker if I do it myself.
9. Recognizes the key role of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization in promoting sustainable industrial development and in industrial development cooperation, and welcomes its increased programmatic focus on three thematic priorities, namely, poverty reduction through productive activities, trade capacity-building and environment and energy;
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs responded that its
244. The Committee is particularly concerned about the situation of rural women, their lack of participation in decision-making processes and their difficulty in accessing health care, public services, education, justice, clean water and electricity, which impairs seriously the enjoyment of their social, economic and cultural rights.
Participants suggested that both consumer and producer behaviours should be reviewed.
4. Endorses the recommendations adopted by the Working Group at its fourteenth session, and, while reaffirming them, calls for their immediate, full and effective implementation by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and other relevant actors, noting also the efforts under way within the framework of the Working Group with a view to completing the tasks entrusted to it by the Council in its resolution 4/4;12
Noting the continued progress made by the Institute in its various programmes and activities, including the strengthened cooperation with other organizations of the United Nations system and with regional and national institutions,
Help yourself. The toast and sauce are on the table .
Closure of list of speakers on items 113
We need cooperation at all levels to raise public awareness and spread the culture of human rights among all members of society.
B. Let's do whatever it takes to accomplish our goal.
The approach that we used to help protect our children is illustrative of our traffic safety strategy.
125. The particular difficulties encountered in applying the measures to ensure full productive employment, i.e., the employment-promotion mechanisms, were described in the initial report, together with the means used to overcome them.
At weekends I sometimes sleep away half the morning.
In his report on conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials, the Secretary-General stated that while the currently applicable floor/ceiling mechanism "provides for some protection against the weakening/strengthening of the United States dollar vis-à-vis the euro, especially when some flexibility is applied in maintaining certain rates of exchange to shield against devaluations, it does not allow for proper adjustment for the fluctuations of the United States dollar against the euro" (A/61/554, para. 80).
UNAMID explained that in some of those cases, the vendors were not responsible for the delays, which were due to difficulties with customs clearance.
6. Emphasizes the need to accord the highest priority to poverty eradication within the United Nations development agenda, while stressing the importance of addressing the causes and challenges of poverty through integrated, coordinated and coherent strategies at the national, intergovernmental and inter-agency levels, in accordance with the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Silverstone's going to be a bit different-I'm not sure how different.
Chile
LAN administration continues to be provided and support streamlined
In rural areas of China, 80 per cent of girls (and 60 per cent of boys) are not in school, despite the requirement of universal education.
 All Member States are, of course, committed to assessing and reporting on their progress in implementing the Programme of Action.
Applications, games and other software is not firmware-dependent.
For the 12 workers whose exposure data were scrutinized by the Committee and who were estimated to have received absorbed doses to the thyroid from iodine-131 intake alone in the range of 2 to 12 Gy, an increased risk of developing thyroid cancer and other thyroid disorders can be inferred.
The overall crime situation in 2005 compared favourably with that of the year before.
Do you have some local beer?
Indeed, the scale of any increase in marijuana use will critically depend on how tightly regulated marijuana sales are – how many licensed growers there are, the number of sales outlets, their locations and trading hours, eligibility requirements for use, content of THC (marijuana’s psychoactive ingredient), and how much promotion and advertising is allowed.
Pressure count presetting can make control more accurate. Rubbing tray can be adjusted.
However, to ensure that it can be a credible and effective partner in the implementation of NEPAD, the United Nations system must review and reinforce its modalities of work in Africa, including the framework for coordination and collaboration.
The girls' training is supplemented by advice on nutrition and health, how to prevent or correct malnutrition, and functional literacy.
29. The Committee is concerned at reports of the prevalence of the practice of polygamy and that the minimum age of marriage for girls is 16 years whereas it is 19 years for boys.
Immune system is a very important system to maintain homeostasis in body.
According to many polls, Beckham - who announced that he would be formally signing for Real on July 2 - has a higher recognition factor in Japan than basketball legend Micheal Jordan and Real hope his acquisition will give an enormous boost to their merchandising sales
The landscape lighting design to classical Europe building follows some artistic rule. The lighting project of Brandenburg Gate is taken as a good example to evaluate.
Latin American Economic System
You can't defeat a cold by flushing it out of your system, but drinking lots of fluids can help.
However, the great firepower and armor of the King Tiger created the impression of a powerful armored force with almost invulnerable tanks.
Yes, you are allow to delete a domain name after registered, however, registration fee is not refundable.
. The police may also become aware of violence against women when they apply for restraining orders against their life partners.
2. Also takes note with satisfaction of the exchange of information between the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat and the Organization of American States with respect to the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States,Report of the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, Bridgetown, Barbados, 25 April-6 May 1994 (United Nations publication, Sales No. 94.I.18 and corrigenda), chap. I, resolution 1, annex II.
I laugh too, but I moan too.
 We should not expect to strengthen democracy in Haiti without addressing the systemic causes of poverty, illiteracy and violence and the absence of democratic institutions.
A number of mechanisms were already in place, including the inter-agency round table to coordinate actions against domestic violence and against women, and the mechanisms set up by the state governments.
I did not mention it because I was afraid of endangering my chance of you, darling, the great prize of my life - my Fellowship I call you.
2012 in Mauritius
173. At the country level, the CCA/UNDAF processes give adequate guidance to the members of the UNCT on the formulation of a country-level SF.
Monday, 29 May 2006
49. Mr. Greiver (Chairman of the Committee on Contributions) said that he would convey delegations' comments to the Committee on Contributions.
10. The Act on the Parliamentary Human Rights Commissioner governs the legal status, powers and working methods of the Ombudsman.
10. The Conference should be held at the highest level possible, including the participation of the Heads of State and Government, ministers, special representatives and other representatives.
'I'm going to have to work a lot harder to get into the school I want,' says Kunal Das, 25, a search media strategist at Microsoft Corp. in New York
She's an absolute delight!
Germany continues to be a firm supporter of this Treaty.
It was no place for the barefooted bead-telling monks such as had been sent to convert the pagan tribes of Ireland.
Caribou travel north following the form - more than three million in vast herds crossing the tundra.
This and other protections for children are discussed in paragraphs 155-166 below, in relation to article 17.
As at 31 October 2012, 503 staff had attended information sessions in 2012, 54 per cent of whom are based at duty stations outside of New York.
Based on the above approach, the indicative contributions by Parties may be determined as follows:
(e) Assisting structurally weak, vulnerable and small economies in their efforts to integrate into the multilateral trading system;
Finally, even if that recourse had failed, it would have been open to the author to appeal to Federal court instances.
"Don't kick, old man," remarked the manager.
It will give you instructions or talk nonsense with you to distract you. Do not fall into its trap, do not talk to it.
(b) Whether the expenses incurred during these financial periods are in accordance with the appropriations approved by the Meeting of States Parties;
The Americans successfully split the atom in 1944, preparing themselves for an atomic bomb.
Improved fuel management through installation of CarLog systems in the additional 336 light vehicles
Also, as recommended by the General Assembly (resolution 61/222, para. 80), relevant organizations and bodies should be encouraged to assist in the process of assessing the effectiveness of annex V to the Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto (MARPOL 73/78), in addressing sea-based sources of marine debris.
To find time to do everything needful by never letting time find me or my subordinates doing nothing.
:: Counselling and assistance of various kinds for groups in need;
Support for the UNFCCC technology information clearing house (TT:CLEAR)
Take note of this addendum to the annual report in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of the CDM modalities and procedures contained in the annex to decision of 3/CMP.1;
In the United States, the Soviet Union's technological coup, combined with the opaque nature of Soviet society, spurred fears of a missile gap.
Two P-3 Research Officers
Italy
A number of enemy soldiers spread out around point TP36.
HACT audits are organization-based and, as system audits, provide assurance on the overall systems and controls of the implementing partner concerned.
For that reason, Kazakhstan is satisfied that the outcome document of the 2005 United Nations summit contains provisions on improved transit transport capacity of landlocked countries and their access to world markets.
(b) The parents' employment or other sources of income;
3952 Russellmark
But during the era of the 27)Ptolemys, the role of Greek women had changed.
Professor WONG Chi-sum of Chinese University of Hong Kong has developed a comprehensive career assessment kit for Y.E.S. This interesting tool enables young people to have better understanding of their career interests, capabilities, personality, emotional intelligence, career maturity and entrepreneurship potentials in order to choose suitable employment. The assessment kit comprises five tests as follows:
The consensus reached in Sao Paulo, and its reaffirmation of the Bangkok Plan of Action, provide the framework for UNCTAD's work in the next four years.
10. Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with adequate human, financial and material resources in order to enable him or her to carry out the mandate effectively, including through country visits;
The seller objected that only samples of the goods had been taken, which did not prove that all the goods were defective.
Of course, none of this means that Greece's exit from the eurozone would be desirable.
16. Alternative development can be an integral element of overall development strategy and should complement economic efforts in the fight against poverty.
We are going to pass out the pamphlets to the members of this group.
If truth be known, though, many of his oft repeated stories soon began to ring a little hollow.
(c) (i) Increased number of countries adopting national programmes to implement disaster risk reduction strategies
She is determined to go it alone.
The Government of South Sudan has yet to respond.
Delays in the closure of former staff member accounts could result in unauthorized access to confidential information.
Serious concerns arise, as following a decision of the Supreme Court to uphold an appeal of the Constitutional Court's ruling, riots and violence broke out in the capital.
Thirtieth session
48 - 50 years
49. Mr. O'Brien (India) said that developing countries had been badly affected by the continuing deceleration in world trade, the sovereign debt crisis in Europe and the recessionary trends in the traditional engines driving the global economy, which had dampened capital markets and diminished ODA flows.
Sixty-ninth session
Amount (United States dollars)
Among other things, the Court found that, according to the case file, the children's effective place of residence was their father's home in Spain and that the proceedings taken by Ms. Mendoza in the Paraguayan courts were evidence of her intention to remove them from the guardianship and parental authority of their father.
Saab aircraft
The Republic of Uzbekistan supports Security Council resolution 1390 (2002) and endorses the sanctions regime with respect to Osama bin Laden, members of the al-Qa`idah organization and the Taliban.
Cold wave
2. Notes the positions and repeated calls of the Caribbean Community and the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries in support of a democratically elected territorial Government and of the full restoration of democracy in the Territory as decided by its people;
A United Nations conference, with the participation of representatives of almost 200 nations, is an excellent place for demonstrating such good examples in order to disseminate them as widely as possible.
EU-Chinese relations are perceived primarily in terms of trade, investment and exchange rates.
Supporting this increasingly large and complex demand requires dedicated experts and specialists, especially for some key areas of work, including strategic development as well as mission support.
Salut D'Amour
Comparison of Platinum Concentration in Cervical Cancer Tissue through Different Levels of Pelvic Arteries Infusion Chemotherapy before Carboplatin Administration
The recall decision also breaches the right against double jeopardy, contrary to article 14, paragraph 7, and/or retrospective application of the law, protected by article 15.
In the eyes of employers, the fondness of job seitching reflects, to some extent, their disloyalty and lack of commitment to jobs.
Provisional agenda for the sixth session of the Commission
Developing countries, however, could potentially accelerate productivity growth, and thus GDP growth, by borrowing technology from advanced countries – that is, tapping the latecomers’ advantage, as China has done.
Available positions are split equally between young men and women.
Membership from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2014
Eleven members from Latin American and Caribbean Statesf
We are convinced that one of the ways to make the Security Council more effective lies in carrying improvements in this area further.
Its task force on gender issues has been converted into a permanent working group on gender issues composed of representatives of ITU member States, private sector entities, United Nations organizations, non-governmental organizations and academia, and individual experts.
In February 2013, it undertook a joint mission to Myanmar, which has resulted in a matrix of activities to be undertaken individually and jointly with the purpose of developing a joint technical assistance programme for the country in the area of trade and investment.
It would, at the same time, continue to focus primarily on supporting the Haitian authorities’ efforts to implement judicial reform, which is crucial to further progress in the observance of the rule of law.
4. The overall policy framework for improving the quality and impact of operational activities, with specific reference to means and delivery systems, is provided by General Assembly resolution 47/199, resulting from the latest comprehensive triennial policy review of 1992.
 Given the pivotal role of the IAEA safeguards system in ensuring an effective NPT regime, my delegation would like to reiterate its full support for the safeguards activities of the Agency, particularly its efforts to strengthen the effectiveness and efficiency of the safeguards system.
Distribution of staff of the Secretariat in the Field Service category by grade as at 21
Globalization, spurred by the growing interdependence in the areas of finance, trade and technology, requires that international policies should be geared towards supporting national efforts to promote inclusive pro-poor growth.
The corresponding dynamic and mathematical models are set up. The influence of different liquid loads upon the yawing angular speed of the tanker in turning braking is studied.
If there are no further questions, thanks for your attendance and wish you a happy holiday!
8th meeting Macroeconomic policy questions [17]
The arbitration committee may generally make an adjudication within 60 days from the date of receiving the application.
The Advisory Committee has no objection to the Secretary-General's proposals on the redeployment of the three national General Service posts.
58. With the support of the government the Garifuna Heritage Foundation was formed in July 2001 with the objective of promoting the cultural heritage of the Garifuna People in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and in the Diaspora.
Furthermore, it welcomed the establishment of a joint intelligence fusion centre in Goma, Democratic Republic of the Congo, to share information on the negative forces in the subregion and combat the illegal exploitation of natural resources.
Mr Christopher Cheng Wai-chee, GBS, JP
It seemed that we could no longer have any kind of conversation in our family or with our friends without Arnold being a main topic.
Contents
Acute rupture of Achilles   tendon  could be treated with open operation, percutaneous repair, or conservative therapy.
Regional Training Centre for Agrometeorology and Operational Hydrology and their Applications
You do this by recompiling and linking them with a SOCKS client library.
6 International Atomic Energy Agency, INFCIRC/449.
Introduction
A special connection has been established with the African Burial Ground National Monument, which was also designed by Rodney Leon.
Even in here, we have the power to change what falls short of our ideal self-image.
The doctor followed the development of the child closely.
Verification, inspection and monitoring of contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment in respect of 860 military contingent personnel and issuance of verification reports
30. Major social groups examined here include victims and veterans of war; minorities and indigenous people; and disadvantaged and vulnerable groups.
I recall that in xxx in the Athens Olympics, Chinese sports delegation at the Olympics on the final 32 gold medals and achieved the best results in history, ranked second in the gold medal count to five-star red flag of the rising again, We Kuashang sports power from the ranks
Mr. CHAU Chi Wai, David (Tel. No. : 2829 4357)
(Gal. , R. V.) THERE are times when things look very dark to me so dark that I have to wait even for hope.
The imprecision of the vocabulary used (what is the difference between objectives, expected accomplishments and expected results (paras. 9 and 10);
It was hard to even get a stand full of people to see people shoot in the early years of Olympic archery.
In the case of a contract for the sale of goods, satisfactory proof of the claimant's performance for purposes of determining the Commission's jurisdiction includes documentation that proves shipment and the date thereof, such as a bill of lading, air waybill or truck consignment note.
The Panel notes that Hasan stated all its relevant documents were left behind when it departed from Iraq.
Witness, Momčilo Krajišnik trial
In my spare time I have read all kinds of newspapers and magazinesand learnt a lot.
26. In the United States, Federal statutes require publicly listed companies to have robust programmes to assess, manage and report on material risks.
ODA from the oil-exporting Arab countries has declined sharply over the past decade.
" And the king said, "I will give them.
The top employees of the coming century will beflexible, creative and motivated toward making apositive difference in the world.
This must be respected by public authorities, whose general duty is to ensure equal treatment for all parties in any proceedings in accordance with constitutional legislation and procedural rules, as well as by private entities and individuals, whose duties are specified in the Anti-Discrimination Act.
Secrecy as to those executed violates human rights standards.
Aishiteiru to Itte Kure
His latest effort is a poor excuse for a novel.
The phase V list of spare parts reflects a proposed expenditure on valid items, but it relies on outdated oil field development concepts.
He recalled that nuclear-weapon States had yet to engage seriously in negotiations leading to the elimination of nuclear weapons, as called for in article VI of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the 1996 advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice, or to take the steps called for in the Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference.
In paragraph 5, after the words "which include, inter alia", the phrase "incitement to such hatred, racial profiling" should be replaced with the phrase "xenophobia, racial profiling, incitement to racial, ethnic or religious hatred".
This leaves one question unanswered, however: if the corporation ceases to exist in its place of incorporation as a result of an injury caused by the internationally wrongful act of another State, must a claim against the wrongdoing State be brought by the State of nationality of the shareholders, in accordance with proposed article 18(a), or may it be brought by the State of nationality of the defunct corporation?
Later in the book, short chapters are okay, but in an introduction I would have preferred a more continuous story.
Each bureau is responsible, through the desk officer, for the assessment of the countries after consultation with the field office and other national and international focal points.
21/05 Milutinovic et al.
If your employer is letting you go, offering early retirement or using another euphemism for firing you, it may be hard to find another job immediately.
They included CAT, OP-CRC-AC, CRPD, the Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons and the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness.
Awards established in 1969
The choice of technology should not be dependent upon economic criteria; quality standards should not replace emission standards;
No statistics are available as of yet.
Integrating the human rights of women throughout the United Nations system
Administration, Geneva
Transition
Vatican City culture
In 1985, the Minister referred back a decision for a wage increase ratified by the wages board for the hotel and catering trade in the interest of the industry, which was in difficulties as a result of heavy losses accrued in 1983.
It also requires the implementation of the Secretary-General's request concerning the provision by donors to recipient countries during 2007 and 2008 and up to 2010 of timelines for aid increase until 2010, so that the countries can integrate such data when preparing national budgets and developmental projects.
3 October 1975
This above all- to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
He removed the tea - things.
In the view of the Group, safeguards-related confidential information should not be provided in any way to any party not authorized by the Agency.
A level elevation of land along a shore or coast,especially one marking a former shoreline.
In 2005, 30 illegal construction projects involving a total of 117.94 billion yuan of investment were halted.
Leuschner
Given that the number of vacant posts was expected to continue to exceed the requirement to abolish posts, the Group agreed with ACABQ that every measure should be taken to avoid involuntary separation and that no involuntary separation should occur solely as a result of savings measures.
With regard to the two long-standing vacancies at the D-2 level, the Advisory Committee was informed by OIOS that the interviewing process was under way and that the leadership potential of candidates was being assessed using the assistance of an outside expert firm.
:: Mutual accountability for sustainable development finance
47.22 percent 52.78 percent Source: National Statistical Office 2007 projections estimates (2007)
Not doing a hand's turn all day.
I. Introduction
In what ways do you think political tolerance could be advanced in your country?
Doc. EX.CL/570(XVI)
15. In contrast, life expectancy at birth for both sexes, the gross birth rate, the rate of natural increase and the total fertility rate underwent no change.
'Today's export restrictions are hurting this industry in the U. S. without making us any safer, ' he said.
Two stallions fight at a wild horse conservation center in South Dakota.
The Rural and Native and Basic Shelter Program provided rural households in need with rental, lease to purchase or ownership tenure.
Basic orbital parameters:
In connection with the last phase of the project, operations at Headquarters will be reorganized to efficiently manage the refurbished complex and to promote risk management, operational continuity and environmental sustainability.
Board of Review (Film Censorship)
2. Analysis and valuation 248 - 253 54
Top of the Simon Wiesenthal Center list is now Ivan Demjanjuk who is fighting to rescind a deportation order from the United States to Germany.
There would be no well-defined market equilibrium, or upper bound, for the renminbi/dollar exchange rate.
Naomi Watts stars.Dog days On Sunday the London Film Festival inaugurates the first Fido Awards, honouring the cinematic talents of this year's leading canines.
In columns rise and fall to the undulations of the ground.
We have had a good many laugh over your foolishness.
China Entertainment TV during the ongoing optimization of the internal cost structure, improve the signal coverage.
Fourth session
There was no well-developed data networking system that could be used by small scale companies to identify business opportunities.
In the United States, the virus spreads largely through illegal drug use and unprotected sex.
Break up the interval ( a, b ) into small enough intervals.
He turned away his head to hide it under his wing, and at the same moment a large terrible dog passed quite near him.
not to disclose your personal data to external parties unless you have agreed, we are required by law or we have previously informed you.
Indicators of achievement
This trend reflects the changing international environment, where instability, insecurity and conflict frequently accompany underdevelopment.
The SBSTA considered this item at its 2nd and 5th meetings, held jointly with the SBI, on 11 and 15 September respectively.
He stood with more than half his body above the breastworks
He has established competence and expertise in criminal law and criminal procedure and he is considered one of the foremost authorities in Greece in these areas.
B. Cooperation with United Nations bodies
The establishment of a central financial intelligence database is also under way.
 The federal Government had compiled the addresses of all services capable of assisting women and children who suffered from domestic violence.
It is our responsibility to use and tend the natural resources we have left in a way that does not deprive our children of their right to meet their own needs, either now or in the future.
To Obama fans, the "Yes, We Can" opener, seizing on his campaign refrain, could be a treasure.
The Faroe Islands
First of all, crime statistics are generally created at the national level and do not reflect the international extent of the matter.
(a) ...
1. Human rights advisers
For a twenty, you should look for the picture of Andrew Jackson, and on a fifty-dollar bill, you'll see a picture of Ulysses Grant.
That would be worse for our deficit, worse for business, worse for you and worse for the next generation.
In addition, he held a briefing for interested nongovernmental organizations and also met individually with several NGOs.
All the detainees reported acts of torture during the first five months of their captivity, including punches and beatings with wooden objects, beatings on the soles of the feet (falaqa), and being placed in a coffin during interrogation as a form of intimidation.
43. In this regard, I welcome the creation of the National Commission for Planning and Strategic Coordination.
Don't you know that I love him?” cried Natasha.
5. Takes note of the implementation of the conditions-based consolidation plan of MINUSTAH, which focused the Mission's activities on a core set of mandated tasks as agreed with the Government of Haiti;
153. No changes have taken place in national legislation, court decisions or administrative rules, procedures or practices during the reporting period affecting the right enshrined in article 10.
However, caution should be exercised to avoid proliferation of entities in the organizational structure of ITC, which could contribute to weak inter-divisional and inter-sectional coordination and lead to fragmentation of tasks.
2. Paragraph 1 applies whether the requirement therein is in the form of an obligation or whether the law simply provides consequences for the information not being presented or retained in its original form.
45. Strongly encourages giving appropriate consideration to disaster risk reduction and the building of resilience to disasters within the post2015 development agenda and promoting a complementary and coherent approach between that agenda and the post2015 framework for disaster risk reduction;
In combating discrimination, she underscored the need to consider the local culture and to examine whose views of culture and history were being promoted.
1. Completion of the certificate form
The Council proceeded to vote on the draft resolution (S/2005/684) before it.
Participants stressed that efforts to promote a cultural identity must lead to progress, peace and solidarity among the peoples of the subregion.
The Commission might wish to consider publication of the Guide in electronic form so that it could be a living document, updated to reflect input from experts on the implementation of the Model Law and changing business practices.
Indeed, the presence of my two Directors signifies that the 2008-09 Application List is the result of very close collaboration between the planning and lands departments under Development Bureau.
IV Estimated costs of the Eighth Annual Conference of the States Parties to Amended Protocol II to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons.... 8-9
Gentle and slow moving, manatees are said to be the mythical mermaids of sailors' imaginations.
Do you often see one another?
So voting is a waste of time.
Recent concern has stimulated enormous research, and we know much more about influenza viruses and pandemics than we did four years ago.
From the first, they were admired by all who saw them.
Films about insects
Why did fate deceive me?
In Brazil, France, India, Norway and Pakistan, among other countries, companies are encouraged to publish a sustainability report on their websites.
I have been thinking ever since about his situation, reflecting on my need to set better boundaries and give more respect to everyone I encounter; who knows what they may be juggling
Current G8 Leaders
Centre for Scientific
Nothing near this ideal will come out of Copenhagen; it is wise to set our hopes on something imperfect but possible.
A UNDP electoral support project was launched, building on assistance provided prior to the uprising of 2011 and including support from the Peacebuilding Fund.
Yet you have turned justice into poison And the fruit of righteousness into wormwood,
However, the capacity of the capital master plan to absorb further time or cost pressure is now limited and the Board concludes that at the time of submission of the present report, there are significant additional risks of further cost increases and delays.
Adding the phrase "in its opinion" reflected the wording of article 16 of the UNCITRAL Conciliation Rules.
The increase of $19,000, results from additional requirements for consultants ($13,000) and experts ($6,000).
Deutsche Bahn operates so many trains. Why can't it be organised differently?
Chapter VI
* E/CN.17/2011/1.
Elections in Europe
UNSMIH/UNTMIH/MIPONUH UNTAC
Analysts make the buy, sell, and hold recommendations.Seed CapitalThe initial equity capital used to start a new venture or business
In addition, some machines and equipment at the factories are old and due for replacement.
(a) Notes with appreciation the work of the Partnership on Measuring Information and Communication Technology for Development;
'Any time you see a large player in the field be acquired or go under, the effect on the consumer tends to be negative,' says William McCracken, chief executive officer of Synergistics Research Corp., an Atlanta-based firm that conducts market research on the financial-services industry.
2. In-kind contributions
(c) Impact of the length of the prior marriage (and current marriage), presumably during the period of contributory service only, and of the time interval between the divorce and the death of the participant;
She expects to have investigations in these 24 cases completed by the years 2003-2004.
Eboue sustained a groin injury against Aston Villa on Saturday, whereas Fabregas suffered a foot problem.
To improve students' fluency through in class speaking activities and debates.
The total costs of the above activities under section 21 of the programme budget have been estimated at $754,700 ($605,800 for the year 1994 and $148,900 for 1995).
Firstly, the Government of the United Kingdom maintain their declaration in respect of article 1 made at the time of signature of the Covenant.
The strategy is designed to guide the organization's work over the four-year period, with a view to achieving measurable results that UNEP plans jointly with Governments, partners and other stakeholders.
2. Despite the short period of time that the Tribunal has been in existence, it has held four plenary sessions.
Paper: ( flat, sheet steel ) was to prevent double sheet of paper.
96. Amphetamine manufactured in Europe is mainly destined for illicit markets within the region.
Physical accessibility implies that adequate food must be accessible to everyone, including physically vulnerable individuals, such as infants and young children, elderly people, the physically disabled, the terminally ill and persons with persistent medical problems, including the mentally ill.
Late submission for review
The situation in other parts of the world is less clear. 2.1.3.
Public Urged to Prevent Dengue Fever
Moreover, the imposition of sanctions and unilateral coercive measures impeded citizens' full enjoyment of human rights and were incompatible with the letter and spirit of human rights instruments.
The study therefore identifies a statistically significant causal effect of war on poverty and consumption even several years after the ceasefire.
This evolution must take into account both the shifting face of the world community and the types of conflicts the UN must confront today.
22. Requests States to ensure that the most up to date version of the Consolidated List is promptly made available to relevant Government offices and other relevant bodies, in particular, those offices responsible for the assets freeze and border control;
F. Right to work and to just and favourable conditions of work
As in previous years, the secretariat had maintained a sustained involvement in initiatives of other organizations active in the field of international trade law, both within and outside the United Nations system.
However, the question of whether or not your data is stale changes when you consider the case of the near cache.
In line with the National Plan of Action, Algeria commended Indonesia on its willingness to work towards acceding to the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the
It was piling up so high, I started to worry it might fall on the children.
If the current user is not in the primary users list, per-user admin pinning will not occur for that user on the current computer.
Those cases would serve as a precedent, showing that even developing countries could effectively prosecute large multinationals from the developed world.
Alright, that's it for me. Love reading all your support and comments, so keep those coming.
Our friendly, aggressive, and sleepy feelings all relate to Stage 2 sleep, which accounts for most of our total sleep hours.
United Nations peacekeeping operations must ensure respect for the principles of sovereign equality, political independence and territorial integrity of all States, as well as non-interference in their internal affairs.
However, such bonds a decade ago the average yield is only 23 per cent.
Each acts within the limits of the powers conferred on it in the EU Treaties and in conformity with the procedures, conditions and objectives set out in them.
(j) Not to execute any person as long as any related legal procedure, at the international or at the national level, is pending;
The year 2008 was devoted to putting in place the internal policies, strategies and instruments that will serve as the basis for the attainment of excellence in management.
3. At its 34th meeting, on 8 December, the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled "Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind" (A/C.2/61/L.24/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.2/61/L.24.
Lela Javakhishvili
Sustainable development, environment, climate change, biodiversity, energy
This represents a significant increase when compared to the academic year 2007/2008 which was 77 percent.
52/136 Right to development
The Panel was able to substantiate that the amount claimed was in conformity with the rental rates as provided in the original agreement.
(a) Records should be kept of gender-based abuse and violence, showing the action taken;
Item 2 (c) of the provisional agenda*
The decrease reflects the substantial drawdown in the personnel strength of the Mission in the context of its administrative and operational reconfiguration.
It was pointed out that all previous proposals remained on the table.
An electronic record submitted under a statutory provision must be digitally signed if -
Horrified suspense entrances the onlookers.
44. If the Criminal Code and the Persons and Family Code are adopted the issues of marriage, divorce, inheritance, property and nationality will be resolved.
4. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session a report on the international financial system and development, bearing in mind, inter alia, the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development;
UN Secretary - Generalthe next Secretary - General to succeed Kofi Annan at an oath of office ceremony on Thursday.
Professional experience
23. Adherents of the various religions have also freely exercised their right to establish institutions of religious education, and to publish and disseminate religious books, newspapers and magazines.
69. Ensure that technical advisory services include the coverage of minority rights in appropriate country programmes;
Nonetheless, day after day, we see new abuses of the right of veto.
After working so hard to design a smooth transition strategy, we would not want to be graduated without reaping its full benefits, which would be counterproductive and not achieve the intended aims of resolution 46/206 of 1991 and resolution 59/209, which the Assembly adopted only last month.
In that connection, it should be noted that Jordan had been the first Middle Eastern country to sign the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
Human rights of women (Platform for Action, chap. IV.I)
What you have said just now is neither here nor there.
6. Also stresses that staff regulation 4.4 shall not preclude consideration of external candidates in filling vacant positions under conditions defined by the Secretary-General in accordance with Article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant provisions of the resolutions of the General Assembly;
The flip-flow screen is an important screen machine, which is wildly used in industrial production.
The negative list differs from the positive list approach used in the GATS model in that all sectors are assumed to be covered unless they are explicitly restricted through some exemption.
Bienservida
40. Urges the Conference on Disarmament to agree as soon as possible on a balanced and comprehensive programme of work in order for it to start substantive work.
2. Expresses its appreciation to the independent evaluation team for the evaluation report, to the secretariat for the support provided to the evaluation process and to the Government of Norway for its financial support of the evaluation;
ALEX: A new reporter must expect to work many hours.
2. In the case of multiple cash transactions as referred to in Article 23 of this Law, they do not record them on the form designed by the competent control and oversight body;
Women continue to form the majority (62%) of students at university level. They account for the vast majority (86%) of those who pursue teacher-training and pedagogical courses.
Additional information received by the Committee during its consideration of the issue is provided in annex VII.A, B and C to the present report.
The incumbent would follow developments in international space law and provide information and assistance to organizations and specialists working in the field.
:: Reports of the Secretary-General on the deployment of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (S/2009/83 and S/2009/201)
I think I'd better be going, if I'm going to make it in time.
5459 Saraburger
Picnic Dinner
This has been signally the case during France's current Presidency (2013 - 2014) of the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, during which France obtained a mandate for the discussion of lethal autonomous weapons systems.
We believe that this continues to be valid.
15. A recorded vote was taken.
16 May 1994
You're not gonna go and ditch me.
Char G1
A draft General Decision on Administrative, Financial and Programme matters for consideration and adoption by the Executive Committee is to be found at the end of Part II
That said i want you to know that, if this meeting with senator dallow doesn't go the way you want it to, You don't have to worry about you and I.
To mainstream good governance into the human rights discussion.
"I shall also set his hand on the sea And his right hand on the rivers.
Twenty-two of the 32 states treated trafficking as an offence and had victim assistance programmes.
6. Enquiries about the application procedures and issues on the preparation of proposed layout plan may be made to any of the FEHD Licensing Offices and Restaurant Licensing Resource Centre by telephone, in writing or in person. Contact details could be found at the
The European manager is based in our London office.
(ii) the fixed contamination on the accessible surface, averaged over 300 cm2 (or the area of the surface if less than 300 cm2) does not exceed 8 × 105 Bq/cm2 for beta and gamma emitters and low toxicity alpha emitters, or 8 × 104 Bq/cm2 for all other alpha emitters; and
Rule 47
To meet overseas demand, the United States now has more land in soybeans than wheat.
F. Land rights 46 - 51 12
She also explained how the integrated sustainable business model could be addressed in the three main pillars of the assessment questionnaire developed by UNCTAD-ISAR, i.e. legal and regulatory framework, institutional framework, and human capacity.
NON-MEMBER STATES OF THE UNITED NATIONS REPRESENTED BY OBSERVERS
Does that mean the quantity set forth on the list is not consistent with the quantity you received?
7. At the same time as underlining the contributions that justice and rights-related considerations can make to development, the Special Rapporteur wants to draw attention to the ways in which justice and rights-enhancing measures themselves presuppose certain developmental capacities that the measures can enhance but are unlikely to be able to bring about on their own.
It also provides that people are charged only a fixed fee for other health services, received either at health centres or from a specialist (ISK 200—1500).
The Department no longer processes photos, and prints far fewer than in the past and now has the capability to transmit photos to news agencies within minutes of an event.
(a) respect the laws and regulations of the host State; and
10. It follows from the above that voluntary military service is founded on this right and the qualities cited, which are recognized as belonging solely and exclusively to Mexican citizens.
Estimate 2004-2005: 225 national experts
2015 target
She looks so grief, I think she will cry after a while.
The perpetrators enjoy impunity.
Two - Year Professional Program for Nurse Anesthetist in School of Nursing.
Corporate deal-making, as we've seen recently, is a lot like dating and marriage.
Reduction by 50% in number of high risk audit observations
He understood how to sit down and hold his peace for long hours beside the man who had lost the wife of his love, of the mother who had lost her child.
Our genes program us instantly when the fertilized ovum is formed, and our potentialities are virtually limited by that "program" .
Other questions of paramount importance to be solved in connection with the elaboration of an international convention against organized crime included the following: (a) definition: organized crime was becoming more and more of a laissez-faire endeavour in economic and social terms and a precise and static definition, even if one could be agreed among Member States, might well be counter-productive in the long run; (b) list of offences: while the inclusion in a convention of a list of specific offences to be covered might result in requests from a number of Member States for inclusion of matters of particular interest or for the deletion of items of particular sensitivity, a fixed list might crystallize the problem as it currently existed, but might not be able to address new problems as they emerged.
Last year, a national education summit was held, which engaged all stakeholders in discussions on the reform of the education system.
Clearly, recent economic developments will have a negative impact on the living conditions of Angolans, an increasing number of whom continue to engage in various activities in the informal sector as a way to survive.
For the past five years Bhutan's economy had grown at an average rate of 8 per cent, unemployment rates were below 3 per cent and it had made substantive progress towards achieving the MDGs, in particular in poverty reduction.
El Salvador Fijia Finlanda
It is your applications responsibility to keep track of the number of bytes sent and to retry the operation until the application sends the requested number of bytes.
Zhou Weilin is a man of 48 years of age. He originates from Jiang Du county, Jiangsu province.
The couple of temples were maintained and visited from time to time. But basically they just turned their back on5 it
The draft questionnaires dealt with the key issues, were relatively easy to answer and to analyse and retained their potential for securing useful data.
In the year that Tartan came unto Ashdod, (when Sargon the king of Assyria sent him, ) and fought against Ashdod, and took it;
There are no legal provisions to facilitate access to public buildings or public transport for people with disabilities.
It just as windy, rain, lightning, landslides, volcanic eruptions, often occur on Earth is a natural phenomenon.
The small isthmus of Central America was no exception in those processes to reclaim political systems.
Worldwide Organization for Women
The choices that companies are making not only affect their own operations, but also have profound consequences for their customers, suppliers, and the societies in which they are embedded.
Instead, the Elections Act has been formulated such that if the municipality considers that, for specific reasons, it is necessary to use inaccessible premises, the municipality must notify this to the county administrative board.
This decision was not taken lightly.
the national foundation for cancer patients centers' support 2004, which is responsible for:
I wish to request the honour of addressing the Fourth Committee on the question of Western Sahara.
The Office of the High Commissioner continued participating in and supporting the initiative.
18. Reports of human rights abuses committed by security forces, particularly by the presidential guard (Special Defence Force of the Republican Institutions (FORSDIR)), continue to be received.
But... okay, um, I have feelings, right?
18. Encourages Member States whose naval vessels and military aircraft operate in international waters and airspace adjacent to the coast of Somalia to be vigilant to any incident of piracy therein and to take appropriate action to protect merchant shipping, in particular the transportation of humanitarian aid, against any such act, in line with relevant international law;
We are running on two shifts.
Mr. Wang has the Midas touch : everything he does turns to gold.
This paper gives an analysis of the three methods of incremental loss calculation for power systems and the relations between them.
It'll be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
92. The Committee also notes that, for the first time, an independent commission of investigation was established to examine the allegations of abuses that took place in 1991.
Through their disobedience, sin came into the world.Even though Adam and Eve were the first two people to sin, they were not the only ones.
It can also utilize international judicial mechanisms for that purpose.
The Committee is composed of five representatives of the following institutions:
The State party should take effective measures to ensure that all detainees are afforded fundamental legal safeguards in practice, including the right to have access to a lawyer and a doctor.
The country has one of the highest rates (47per cent) of female-headed households in the world, with more than half due to migration of spouses for work and one sixth as a result of being widowed or divorced.
37. During 2004, an estimated 1.5 million refugees repatriated voluntarily to their countries of origin.
His natural timidity rendered him accessible to the acceptance of superstitions in a certain degree.
265. Early in 2005, the group had yet to agree on the actual list of lead agencies or the exact nature of the responsibilities the task involved.
Inventory value
RACISM, RACIAL DISCRIMINATION, XENOPHOBIA AND
The therapy has so far only been tried out on mice, but the aim is to test it in humans within two years.
267. Administrative Regulation 9/1999 governs the issue of passports and travel documents.
Press conferences
Sevelinges
1.15 - 2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 3
We should have clear guarantee subject and effective guarantee measures to implement credit system in vocational schools.
 (b) Interregional cooperation for the development and exchange of experience between Arab, African, Latin American and Asian iron and steel associations;
3 - 6 p.m. Open meeting Conference Room 9
2. Page 6 Line 2: After E/CN.15/2002/6 insert and Add.2
(a) Extradition: standardized universal mechanisms to facilitate extradition should be discussed and implemented;
Home directories and network shares should be accessible using the same drive - name conventions as the office.
The HA currently provides two main types of housing for the elderly in public rental estates, namely Housing for Senior Citizens (HSC) and small self-contained flats. Please go back to
The representative of Mexico made a statement and announced that Costa Rica, Italy and Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) had joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Further identification of Drylands Ambassadors are being undertaken, aiming at geographical balance.
Between February 18 and July 10, 2005, the defendant made three trips to Melbourne to attend meetings of the Audit Committee. He had dishonestly claimed the cost of return airfares totalling HK$89,326 from PCO.
46. The New York City Police Department will develop appropriate directives for all police officers and traffic enforcement agents.
In September 2006, the Secretary-General, in paragraph 24 of his report on the work of the Organization (A/62/1), recommended the incorporation of the four new targets, as derived from the World Summit Outcome, and indicated that the technical work for the selection of the appropriate indicators would be undertaken by the Inter-Agency and Expert Group on Millennium Development Goals Indicators.
16. The reporting system indicates which nationality the consultant has in order to monitor geographical diversity among consultants at UNHCR.
Date and territory or location of launch
 4.1 Before considering any claims contained in a communication, the Committee must decide whether or not it is admissible under article 22 of the Convention.
B: I do apologize, madam
However, work on such a new structure cannot be completed by 2007 in a reasonable fashion.
However, fragmentation was a particularly broad and theoretical topic which, while interesting, did not lend itself to the development of draft articles or draft guidelines.
No; but strongly recommends M. de Villefort, and begs me to present him to your majesty .
The high mortality rate among persons of working age is a matter of particular concern, a noteworthy characteristic being marked sexage-specific differentiation: in all sectors of the population aged between 20 and 50, male mortality is three times that of females.
There were also huge gaps, highlighted in the reports of special rapporteurs, between endorsed standards and the practice of many States.
The Line takes primary (or joint) responsibility of the credit decisions
49. Medications for noninsured clients are prescribed by the Physician at the HIV Outpatient Clinic.
It has also provided technical assistance to local government agencies and non-governmental organizations.
Many kisses the kind they wish to cut off.
The Executive Director, in agreement with the Chairman of the Council; or
I'll get the traveler's cheques for you right away.
Heaven Association of affirmative eyes tell you that tomorrow is better!
58. UNCT encouraged Lebanon to establish a permanent inter-ministerial structure tasked with the responsibility of reporting to treaty bodies and the universal periodic review mechanism.
i will come back in nextlate month
When a content item is requested by a web page the request is directed to the most appropriate edge location on the globe.
Most American businessmen, on the other hand are oriented toward the pressent and future.
At Goldman's roughly $50 billion market value, based on that 4 p.m. share price, exercising those warrants would give Berkshire about 10% of the company.
Organizational and procedural matters
(b) BGL: General Trust Fund for the Core Programme Budget for the Biosafety Protocol, which is extended up to and including 31 December 2017;
To judge by recent history, it's a profitable investment.
Thanks to science fiction writers and futurists there is some confusion about what it means for an interactive product to be smart. Some naive observers think that smart software is actually capable of behaving intelligently.
States like the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Iraq and the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had actively violated their treaty obligations and had gained access to technologies and materials for their nuclear-weapons programmes.
The report elucidates the methodology used for, inter alia, sediment sub-sampling, analysis of nitrite, phosphate, silicate, nitrate and sediment chemistry.
A. Professional category and above
The empirical study on specific industry and product is rare.
First, what's the name of that bet you were explaining to me while we played pool?
You just spent the last four years living in college dorms or off-campus housing, hardly Ritz-Carltons, so don't go locking yourself into high rents for the next year.
She worked from morning until evening, even during winter.
23. Trafficking was an emerging problem.
FNB Stadium
system and she solicited prizes form local merchants and restaurants.
The above researches can be used for practical module design and membrane development and improvement.
Member of the Guinean delegation to the fortysixth, fortyseventh, fortyninth and fiftyfirst sessions of the United Nations General Assembly
(c) Focus on an agro-based enterprise cluster concept and enterprise development activities to enhance the capabilities of members in identifying potential agricultural commodities in their respective countries on a clustering basis;
(USEPA, 2005), Environmental Profiles of Chemical Flame-Retardant Alternatives for
59. Pursuant to paragraph 9 of the terms of reference of the CRIC, as contained in decision 11/COP.9, four Vice-Chairpersons together with the Chairperson, elected by the COP in accordance with rule 31 of the rules of procedure of the COP, shall constitute the Bureau of the CRIC.
2. Gender and category/grade
Robort : I am an engineer.
156. Even as Afghans were returning home in large numbers, in 1992 Pakistan received some 80,000 new Afghan refugees fleeing the fighting in and around Kabul following the change of regime in Afghanistan in April 1992.
Do you think they're human?
2. United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Within these overall objectives, it focuses on five areas closely linked to the Millennium Development Goals namely sustainable livelihoods quality education and health-care protection and assistance during disasters and conflict, capacity-building for policy change and diversity.
Cause the race original ecosystem culture of protection face the huge challenge and rigorous tests.
(Signed) Léo Mérorès
(d) After the eighth preambular paragraph, a new preambular paragraph was inserted, reading:
Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women, forty-fifth session [General Assembly resolutions 31/133 and 39/125]
Even if the report does not specify the retention rate for girls, it may be assumed from the everyday practices of parents, especially in rural areas, that girls do not last as long as boys in the Central African Republic's school system.
At the same time the newly established Government of Southern Sudan should encourage continuing reconciliation throughout the region.
Criminals aren't complicated alfred.
Please explain the measures taken to prevent and investigate abuses of women migrant domestic workers arising out of the implementation of the "Live-in Rule" applicable in Hong Kong, which requires migrant domestic workers to be accommodated by their employers.
27B.14 Resources amounting to $2,141,300 will provide for the continuation of eight posts, travel, general operating expenses and office automation equipment in the Controller's Office and general temporary assistance, overtime and office supplies for the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts as a whole.
3. At the 452nd meeting, on 18 July, the following delegations made statements in the general discussion under agenda item 3: Australia, Indonesia and Pakistan.
The love for a healthy lifestyle is part of the appeal that we offer our consumers, along with the product.
This means that, except in those legal systems in which the buyer has an ownership expectancy right to encumber, no other creditor of the buyer is able to claim rights in the tangible assets being purchased as long as the seller retains ownership.
The strategic plan was necessary due to the lack of effective and appropriate capacitybuilding and technology support provision and, where it did exist, there was fragmentation in delivery.
36. Mortality rates, by cause (total population) 108
Paleontologists continue to search the fossil record for answers to these questions.
51. In the closing session Ambassador Juan Martabit from Chile and Mr. Hoonmin Lim from the Republic of Korea speaking on behalf of the participants thanked the Government of Poland and OHCHR for organizing the Conference.
At the direction of the Supreme Court, the High Courts and the Bar Associations have set up legal aid committees to help women victims in cases of vani and swara.
The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has asserted that access to education is one of the special protection measures with which States parties are obliged to comply.
Notably, the second NCD Child conference was held in Trinidad and Tobago in 2014, bringing together researchers, practitioners, international agencies, civil society organizations and national government actors.
More important, just how new will it really be?
4. At the time of its twenty-second session, the Governing Council was composed of the following members, whose terms of office expire on 31 December of the year in brackets after the country name:
Besides the accelerated development of common stock market and bond market, the preferred stock should be drawn into the stock structure of company.
VIII. Security services (24 hours)
Substantive session of 2013
Any person who knowingly agrees to recruit, or recruits another person-
That price is good on any size order.
1983 births
60. Ms. Abdel Jawwad (Jordan) said that, in accordance with article 33, paragraph 1, of the Convention, Jordan had designated the Higher Council for the Affairs of Persons with Disabilities, to be the focal point mandated to coordinate disability issues within the Government.
Subsequently, the Economic and Social Council adopted resolutions 1235 (XLII) and 1503 (XLVIII) on the question of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
bury Aunt Minnie at midday, and find her still sitting in her chair at three o'clock.
Four cases of Palestinian children used by Israeli soldiers have been documented in 2007.
Enhanced domestic resource mobilization would also rely on addressing the illicit outflows of financial resources from developing countries, and improving tax cooperation.
It's a book my father wrote to try to convince the government   to alter their policies towards the Indians   in the Dakotas Samuel won't change his mind Change it for him What happened between them?
F. Vehicle registration and inspection certificates
"No one came to my rescue, " he said ruefully. "They were afraid I'd blame them for my fall. "
There was really nobody to blame.
Robert Zoellick, president of the World Bank and a prominent Republican, told the Financial Times it was essential that Congress passed the legislation.
Order of voting on proposals
Empirical evidence indicates that in these asset wars there are often a multiplicity of actors vying for a stake, from government-armed forces and armed groups opposed to the State, to international interests such as other States, multinational corporations and criminal cartels.
President Hu makes Time's Top 100 list Chinese President Hu Jingtao and Former Prime Minister Tony Blair have joined Time magazine's 100 most influential people list alongside other world leaders, celebrities and sports stars.
This part foreshadows following argumentation to the summary of the administrative contract.
46. The judiciary has arranged training for its staff in social work, justice, human rights and gender affairs, as well as in the mainstreaming of the gender perspective and the analysis of legislation on violence against women. Courses have also been given on discrimination and racism, and programmes on multiculturalism have been arranged for magistrates and judges.
Corey YUEN profile
This is not a second-tier issue.
(c) in the case of the Enterprise, by its competent authority.
:: With regard to the obligations contained in paragraphs 3 and 4 of Security Council resolution 1737 (2006) the legal basis for their implementation is a national authorization procedure established by the above-mentioned Council Regulations, the Foreign Trade Act (FTA, Federal Law Gazette I No. 50/2005 as amended) and the Foreign Trade Regulation (FTAR, Federal Law Gazette II No. 121/2006) as well as the War Materials Act (WMA, Federal Law Gazette I No. 57/2001 as amended).
The situation in the Middle East
Morales’ actions are widely supported by Bolivians, who see the so-called privatizations (or “capitalizations”) under former President Gonzalo “Goni” Sanchez de Lozada as a rip-off: Bolivia received only 18% of the proceeds!
United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Guinea-Bissau
That was something of a paradox, since at the outset of the study one of the conditions for participation had been that the volunteer organizations already had such systems in place.
2013/5. Progress in the implementation of General Assembly resolution 67/226 on the quadrennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system
[5 June 2014]
Those recommendations included the enhanced participation of representatives from the Non-Self-Governing Territories in the decolonization process and a call for funding and more direct efforts in the dissemination of information to peoples in Non-Self-Governing Territories regarding their rights and legitimate options.
The Commission will receive assistance under the electoral basket fund to improve its media regulatory mechanisms in the run-up to the 2012 elections.
It contributes to increased employment and incomes by enhanced production that meets international environmental standards and higher competitiveness, for example, through resource savings and better access to international companies' supply chains.
The programme is currently carried out in cooperation with the Western Pacific and the North Pacific Regional Fishery Management Councils, regional educational institutions and local community training entities, establishing programmes or projects that will improve communication, education and training related to marine-resource issues throughout the region and increase scientific education for marine-related professions among coastal community residents, including indigenous Pacific islanders, native Hawaiians, Alaskan natives and other underrepresented groups in the region.
(c) Other relevant stakeholders may attend the review in the Working Group;
2. Takes note with appreciation of the report of the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, prepared in accordance with the request contained in General Assembly resolution 64/147;
Stocks and convertible bonds (United States of America)
Aren't you growing too big for a rocking-horse?
 A meeting between President Dos Santos and Mr. Savimbi should help to build up the necessary political momentum for successful implementation of the Lusaka Protocol.
B: I see ,I'll look into it for you .
Ambassador William J. Vanden Heuvel, Chairman, United States Coordinating Committee for UDHR50, will be the guest speaker.
As the sentences all fell within the ranges agreed by the parties, no appeals flow from these proceedings.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D, Calif.) portrayed the legislation as 'only the beginning' of the legislative response to the faltering economy.
Infobox basketball tournament at games
Executive Director shall mean the Executive Director of UN-Women or the official to whom the Executive Director has delegated authority and responsibility for the matter in question;
In addition to streamlining learning administration and consolidating learning content and materials, enterprise learning management will facilitate improved tracking of learning, including the monitoring of the minimum target of five learning days per staff member per year established in the learning policy.
A National Mine Action Plan for Completion has been formulated.
But she sat perfectly still in his grasp, and only said, in a low voice, `I entreat you, good gentlemen, do not come near us, do not speak, do not move!
(Signed) Mohammed Al-Humaimidi Chargé d'affaires a.i.
It defies credibility that the widely held aspiration for a fissile material cut-off treaty continues to be frustrated by the CD's failure to agree on a work programme.
2. A note by the secretariat on the results of the forty-sixth, forty-seventh and forty-eighth sessions of the Committee (E/CN.6/2011/CRP.1) is available in all of the official languages of the United Nations on the website of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (www.ohchr.org).
Urbonaite, Neringa
Strong on body and mind; very relaxed; focused on the activity of the moment; all-inclusive sensation; smooth, buoyant high, carrying it to new and interesting places; allows the mind to shift down a gear as muscle tension eases; clear, uplifting sativa high; very social high; very cerebral high. Potency
Window frames are easy to hit , Box Office wall joints must dense , and not seamless .
What surfaces are most likely to be sources of contamination?
He invited Prince Andrey to come and see them, and asked his daughter whether she were enjoying herself.
35. Designated officials shall be required to prepare and submit to UNSECOORD a yearly security management plan identifying goals to be achieved along with measurable performance indicators.
The two sides indicated explicitly that international relations should be based on multilateralism and full respect for international principles and commitments.
Today, 2.7 billion people survive on less than $2 a day and hundreds of millions are either unemployed or underemployed.
You need to take a break. you need to clean yourself up, otherwise-- Otherwise what?
Combining dynamic operation test the influence of filamentous microbe on membrane fouling process was analyzed with tracing observation.
Both interpretations and verbatim records rely upon the statement actually delivered, but copies of texts help interpreters to correctly render details and nuances and help verbatim reporters to produce the written record more quickly.
You think American English is the most standard English in the world even if Briton think you speak AMERICAN instead of English.
It's easy to navigate and equipped with passenger-friendly amenities like free wireless Internet and a pay-to-use arrival lounge.
The comments and recommendations of the Committee relating to the requirements for this special political mission are set out below.
The Task Force believes that, as at the end of December 2009, at least 18 refugee children still remained associated with the national army.
Every president since Calvin Coolidge, elected in 1923, has had at least one dog in the White House, according to dogsinthenews.com. (Agencies)
(4)We must now ask you to settle this account within the next few days.
What can Haiti do alone when year after year the howling winds of hurricanes year push tens of thousands of families further into poverty?
To cultivate students'analytical independent and critical thinking skills class teachers discuss current issues with their students during the class teacher period every Friday morning.
609. The amounts invested in family housing subsidies, by sex of the head of household, in millions of colones, is as follows: in 2003, 9 390.4 female and 10 825.1 male; in 2004, 13.135,0 (female) and 16.999,0 (male); and in 2005, 13.281,0 (female) and 16.221,0 (male).
He therefore trusted that the debate on matters of substance would not be reopened at the current session of the Commission.
It has nothing to do with resistance, water molecules, and other pseudo-academic concepts that are discussed out of context or incorrectly.
Cody Allen
Target 2014: 1 (adoption of formal transitional justice mechanisms)
14. While welcoming reforms to increase the quantum of damages for acts of racial discrimination before the Equal Treatment Commission and other bodies, the Committee regrets the continued use of "foreign quotas" which managers of establishments use to restrict the access of persons with migration backgrounds to public places.
Based on the measured results, some suggestions are proposed to perfect the safety monitoring of the landslides of the Three Gorges reservoir.
16. The Millennium Development Goals have not captured the gender dimensions of hunger and malnutrition.
The financial obligation of the Organization to the Fund consists of its mandated contribution at the rate established by the Assembly together with its share of any actuarial deficiency payments under article 26 of the Regulations of the Fund.
Obstacles to achieving widespread health information systems include the design, governance, funding and ability to manage complex ICT deployments.
Nationality: Ethiopia.
10. During the substantive session of the Council in 1998, the Population Division and UNFPA held an informal briefing of Member States to update them on the status of preparations for the five-year review of the implementation of the Programme of Action.
While it was noted that the objective of the proposed change to the title was to shorten and simplify the name, the view was also expressed that the name change itself did not reflect the mandate of the Office.
The ROK has rich experience in the industrial application of technologies and corporate management.
Central Bank of the Western African States; Agence pour la securité de la navigation aérienne en Afrique et à Madagascar (ASECNA); World Bank; International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) subregional bureau for Central and Western Africa; United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI); Licorne forces
The Treasury also said on Monday that it will not make public the names of banks that are rejected, and will announce only those that qualify for assistance.
Some participants objected to the proposal of the African Group for the establishment of a body to receive individual complaints or communications from migrants subjected to discrimination, indicating that it was not appropriate at this stage of the preparatory process to make such a recommendation.
 7.16. All countries should, over the next several years, assess the extent of national unmet need for good-quality family-planning services and its integration in the reproductive health context, paying particular attention to the most vulnerable and underserved groups in the population.
Even if these groups are relatively small, the discipline and unity with which they fight trade liberalization can amplify their political influence considerably – especially if a powerful political figure takes up their cause.
His game itself, also, because of his ability to make shots now.
In its resolution 54/220 on international cooperation to reduce the negative impacts of the El Niño phenomenon, the General Assembly called upon the relevant United Nations organizations and the international community to take the necessary measures, as appropriate, to establish such a centre.
Neither framework mentioned the internal certification/letters of assurance benchmark, although the United Nations has such a system in place.
Guarda-Mor
24. The organization of national, regional and international-level observance events will take place sequentially from one year to the next.
In many respects the prospects for peace and security will depend on the way multilateral dialogue develops on these issues in the region.
You also challenged us to check in back with you regarding the one Drucker principle we learned in your session and how that one Drucker principle makes us think in a new and different way.
Prisoners have freedom of movement until 10 p.m. The Ombudsman concluded that the complainant had more flexible conditions of detention due to her personal situation and to the changes introduced.
53. At its 1st meeting, on 12 February 2003, by adopting the suggestions relating to the organization of its work put forward by the Chairman (A/AC.109/2003/L.2), the Special Committee decided, in its examination of specific Territories, to take into account the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolutions and decisions listed in the note by the Secretary-General on the organization of work of the Special Committee (A/AC.109/2003/L.1, para. 11).
In other words, while the importance of managing electronic records is now gradually emerging, the notion of "electronic archives" has to be pushed forward.
Operational audits do not report on the achievement of results.
Cashflow 101
A rereading of the Charter would enable us to look anew at its contents and allow us to propose amendments in the light of new world realities.
The evaluation was conducted against the UNDP strategic plan, 2008-2013, and the fourth cooperation framework for South-South cooperation (DP/CF/SSC/4).
Thirdly, in relation to the request made to the Secretariat to provide non-reporting States parties with the assistance necessary to complete the self-assessment checklist, the Secretary informed the Working Group that such assistance had been provided to some 20 States parties during the test phase of the comprehensive self-assessment checklist, as requested by the Conference in its resolution 2/1.
4. Under agenda item 30 (Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe), action on the draft resolution to be issued on 13 December as document A/54/L.64 and the amendment thereto to be issued on 13 December as document A/54/ L.65
Canada
She emphasized the importance of the participation of the least developed countries in UNIDO, which was limited because of practical problems.
He was appointed as chairman of the CBRC in 2003.
That was a Chilean leftist speaking, but the logic (or illogic) was similar to that of the right-wing Freedom Caucus that sank Ryancare.
Following the creation of an information management capacity on 1 January 2008, the Chief of Staff has been able to assume broader information management responsibilities, including the reconvening of the Information Management Committee in February 2008, with a composition revised to reflect the principal units of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support.
The report of the Executive Director requested in decision SS/VIII II will be found in document UNEP/GC.23/3, and additional information is provided in the information document UNEP/GC.23/INF/18.
However, in setting the minimum parole period at 12 years, this did not mean that the prisoner would be eligible for parole after 12 years, only that a report would be furnished to make an assessment of eligibility.
Line marking the upper limit of tree growth in mountains or northern latitudes.
Income tax on foreign enterprises shall be assessed at progressive rates for the parts in excess of a specific amount of taxable income.
The money wasn't for dope.
Companies of Finland by industry
"I did not say that I feared it; I only said that death alone could check the execution of my plans.
However, of the 10 authorized Professional posts, 4 posts (40 per cent) were vacant at the time (1 D-1 and 3 P-4) making it difficult if not impossible to assess the staff needed to address the workload.
When these programs end, governments, some emerging markets, and some corporations could be vulnerable.
After the liberation of Li Luo  Huai  died, his son diverted the industry has no mass.
It was not surprising that the most astute of Antony's generals should several years later vouch for her military genius.
The present report was prepared in accordance with chapter V, paragraph 4, of the report of the Statistical Commission on its forty-fourth session.
Study and Research in Germany - General Introduction
This significant step is a precursor to the drafting of a national security policy, with the assistance of UNMISS and other international partners.
A cigar or a cigarette is very enjoyable.
Do we really need a cake for the-- Well,I bet that she would.
The role of UNDP as overall coordinator of the United Nations system is perceived as biased by some UNCT members who feel that the coherence process is driven by UNDP to far too great an extent.
Tomorrow night we'll be camping out in tents.
216. Resolution 1706 (2006)of 31 August 2006
Roughly 63% of high school graduates go on to college straight after high school, and though colleges have expanded capacity at a rate of about 5% each year, the increase in applications has been outstripping capacity growth by an average of 11 percentage points a year, says David Hawkins, public policy director for the National Association of College Admission Counseling, in part because of the ease of applying online.
The report also noted that female genital mutilation (FGM) is still a common practice in Chad despite its interdiction in the national legislation.
16. While noting that the State party has committed to ratifying the International Labour Organization Convention No. 169 concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in Independent Countries, and established a working group in August 2012 to strengthen the rights of the Sami to participate in decisions on the use of land and waters, the Committee remains concerned that the Sami people lack participation and decision-making powers over matters of fundamental importance to their culture and way of life, including rights to land and resources.
UNFPA also focused attention on sensitizing and training journalists in order to enhance their skills and increase media coverage of population and development issues.
The Special Representative commends the authorities for having re-established a functioning judicial system in spite of the fact that its staff at all levels was reduced dramatically as a result of the genocide.
When my father sees the dent in his fender, he'll be mad as hornet.
It also revealed that while almost all private corporations have already achieved a high degree of automation and employee self-service in various areas of human resources management, only a few international organizations have done so.
He's the only person able to do that.
(z) To strengthen efforts to implement programmes for realizing child rights in early childhood with equity, involving the support of international organizations and donor institutions and the private sector, through, inter alia, the development of specific early-childhood programmes, and to further enhance the efforts of the international community to improve cooperation to assist developing countries in achieving all internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals;
(V) Units with the conduct of this article shall be punished in accordance with the rules of this article, and the person in charge with direct responsibility or other personnel with direct responsibility shall be given disciplinary warning or penalty.
The position of the United States changed with the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill disaster that caused massive damage to the environmentally sensitive coast of Alaska.
596 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It"s very satisfying to see so many of you here.
However, there is no data on the level of implementation of the health insurance scheme.
In the opinion of the Advisory Committee, these posts are good examples of additional resources that are directly related to the expansion of the civilian police component of the Mission.
Affirmative Action in Employment
Application Procedures
USS MacKenzie
Age of women surveyed at time of excision
We are the casual acquaintances of a long railway journey.
On 28 August 2007, the Council organized an open debate on conflict prevention and resolution, particularly in Africa.
Aboubakar Oumarou
Special session of the General Assembly on follow-up to the International Conference on Population and Development beyond 2014
Negotiations for the amendment and renewal of the residency agreement are still under way.
Recognizing the importance of male involvement in achieving gender equity and equality and ensuring reproductive health, UNFPA published a programme advisory note entitled It Takes 2: Partnering with Men in Reproductive and Sexual Health.
(b) Assessment of the amount of $11,659,100 gross ($11,334,566 net) net of the budgeted voluntary contribution for the period from 1 to 31 July 1999;
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this question.
The paper analyses the diffusion conditions of air boundary layers, the distribution and forecast of source air pollution and the current situation of air pollution.
Move your eyes slowly from person to person, and pause two or three seconds with each listener;
How muck is the total I buy five tickets from Hong Kong to Singapore, how much is the total
:: Issuance of a field advisory manual for conduct and discipline teams in field operations
Vehicle manufacturing companies
Developing Asia has been the most dynamic market for services among the developing regions.
Or at least think we know how to deal with.
But not all magic is bad. Iknow It's neither good nor bad. It's how you use it.
Commission for Social Development
And I see a whole army of my countrymen here in difiance of tyranny.
I'm waiting for you for a long time , and your little pappy is so cute.
That first lovers' glaze is the staple of the romantic novelist, and scientists believe they have now revealed the true nature of its true attractive power.
And just like that. I was.
Food Not Bombs
Their terms of service are not limited, which would prevent inevitable fatigue and weariness, while diversity, both in terms of individual profiles and of geographical and cultural regions, is not always ensured, limiting their ability to reach out to all types of audiences.
Participation by the institution in the mechanisms of the Human Rights Council could help it to acquire A status, but such an outcome is not solely dependent on the will of the Commissioner for Human Rights.
18. Every Turkish citizen has the right to lodge a file against the Government before the relevant judicial courts in case (s)he believes that his/her rights or freedoms have been violated.
:: Under the Triangular Initiative, the Maritime Regional Security Initiative, aimed at strengthening maritime cooperation between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Pakistan, resulted in the seizure of more than 7 tons of narcotic drugs
24. A parallel process of review has taken place within the United Kingdom.
General exchange of views.
Introduction . 1 - 2 4
Note: The summary of the 10th and 11th plenary meetings will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 2002/182).
Self-checkout counters at the grocery store, complete with laser scanners to read bar codes, are starting to replace human cashiers.
A large number of houses were burnt to ashes.
24. Ms. Morvai said that page 32 of the State party's combined reports contained contradictory statements about the impact of the Convention, in noting, on the one hand, that its impact on the general, social, economic, political and legal framework had not been great and in stating, on the other hand, that the Ministry of Women's Affairs must continue to make the Convention a living and operative document.
It is also responsible for the preparation of short to medium and long term plans of action and reports in issues relating to women, family welfare, child development and community development.
When in contact with water, the water in this paper do not infiltrate to form the drops of water, so as to achieve water-proof.
Increases of $62,200 related to inflation are partly offset by a decrease of $15,200 related to the exchange rate.
And so my mind came round to the business of stopping,
Results: In 7 cases of them, forward slip of the relative vertebrae was found.
internationally agreed goals and commitments in regard to global public health
Reimbursement for any other costs or losses incurred by the victim as a direct result of being trafficked and as reasonably assessed by the relevant body or bodies.
In the last decade the creatine monohydrate has been very popular among athletes and coaches.
My heart is broken. I feel really sad.
The GEF was structured as a partnership between the World Bank, UNDP and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).
Loss on after-service health insurance actuarial valuation
Total, A
For the process of composite materials for the blade in wind turbine production, the mould of blade plays an important role.
The Branch is also actively involved in the Counter-Terrorism Implementation Task Force working group on protecting human rights while countering terrorism, which is developing a set of basic technical reference guides on specific issues.
With the improvement of people's living standard and the enhancement of health consciousness, Shampoo market has become more and more mature.
Military checkpoints and roadblocks complement these instruments.
They were thoroughly rousted out and their camps were destroyed.
B. United Nations Development Programme
Four WIT Representatives attended. 2004: Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues - Third Session (New York, 10-21 May).
Sixty-fourth session
26. The Preparatory Committee decided to nominate Mr. Peter Kolarov, Political Affairs Officer, Office for Disarmament Affairs, Geneva Branch, as provisional Secretary-General of the First Conference.
Calculating the impact of GLD and its brethren is far from an exact science.
The president, his wife and children went on a boat.
69. The Special Committee recommends to the General Assembly that the President of the Assembly or the Chairman of a Main Committee should, soon after the beginning of the debate on an item, indicate a date for the closing of the list of speakers.
The Disaster and Post-conflict Section was moved from the Urban Governance Branch to the Shelter Branch.
It is anticipated that the final product will be a trilingual CDROM incorporating the research results, the creation of a Web page on the Internet, and the presentation of a relevant photography exhibition in the three countries.
In 2013, the United Nations documented and verified 908 incidents of recruitment and use of children by Al-Shabaab (A/68/878-S/2014/339, para. 116).
I dare say it's cowardly, but it's certainly discreet, to take it into consideration.
1990: Member of the Magistrates' Union of Madagascar.
Total meetings
Based on the continuous economic growth, China’s defense expenditure has increased somewhat.
Projects in the Gaza field received the largest share of the new funding, with $5 million (50 per cent), while $3.7 million (37 per cent) was allocated to the West Bank.
Introduction
In order to study the changes of instantaneous field in wave propagation and wave breaking, a series of wave flume experiment is set up.
Reviewing the limited experience gained thus far in 1999 shows that UNFPA has successfully negotiated and signed 22 agreements for approximately $8.5 million, and there are another 10 agreements that are pending.
To assist in addressing this issue, the UGC has agreed to adopt the Carnegie classifications of scholarship--of discovery, of integration, of application and of teaching--as the basis for the 1999 Research Assessment Exercise. Again we are breaking new ground, since no previous attempt has been made to operationalise the Carnegie classifications in this way at anything above the institutional level--and even there it has only rarely been attempted, I gather.
As tomorrow marks the fortieth anniversary of the entry into force of the NPT, we are once again reminded of the Conference on Disarmament's illustrious record of negotiating and producing some of the key international disarmament and arms control treaties.
Introduced the configuration of typical ion implanter, analyzed the importance of the implantation mechanical scanning technology.
The ongoing cholera epidemic, food insecurity and the country's extreme vulnerability to natural disasters have compounded the hardships faced by the Haitian population.
We must full realize the importance of science and technology.
Having agreed on a conceptual framework, the emphasis now is on communal outreach.
Those attending were the Minister of Defence and the Deputy Minister of Aviation and Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee and his adviser, the Head of the Aurora project, General Luis Ili Salgado of the Chilean Air Force, satellite experts from the three branches of the armed forces, the Coordinator of the Chilean Space Agency and consultants from the Chilean Space Agency.
8. The comments of the Advisory Committee on the information presented in the performance report with respect to individual objects of expenditure can be found, where relevant, in the discussion of the proposed budget for the period from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014 in section IV below.
Freedom of opinion and expression
339. The liberalization and adjustment policies implemented over the past two decades have contributed to the rise in inequality in several ways.
The President (spoke in French): In accordance with the decision taken earlier, I now give the floor to Mr. Brian Urquhart, veteran of the Allied Forces and former Under-Secretary-General.
Following the meeting, the President released an agreed statement to the press expressing support for the efforts of the High-level Coordinator in following the issue; expressing deep concern at the continuing plight of Kuwaiti and third-country nationals still remaining in Iraq and the hope that the issue would be dealt with as a humanitarian one by all sides concerned; stating support for the Secretary-General's report and the work of the various regional groups; and calling on Iraq to stand by its prior commitment of cooperation and to cooperate with the efforts of the High-level Coordinator.
187 Tornado
Guangdong College of Commerce
The real Chinaman may be ugly, but there is no hideousness in his ugliness.
Who does this Who thus soils the triumph
Alimentary anatomy templates
This will entail the incorporation of gender perspectives in all peacekeeping activities, from the initial planning stages to the liquidation of a mission, as well as ensuring adequate gender expertise at Headquarters and in the field.
The Committee also urged the State party to submit its eighteenth and nineteenth periodic reports, which were due on 29 October 2012.
Some suggestions of cantilever installation of steel box shaped girder are given.
 17.74 The objectives of the subprogramme will be (a) assistance to economies in transition in reformulating their policies in the field of human settlements; and (b) promotion of sustainable human settlement development, including formulation of appropriate environmentally sound policies in this field.
(l) Providing health services to all New York-based staff of the United Nations system, including:
However, in practice women's representation in political institutions at the national as well as in the policy and administrative decision-making spheres still needs to be increased..
One died in the hospital, prompting widespread outrage that eventually forced provincial authorities to sack several local officials.
Government of Sweden
Refugees are persons to whom the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951 is applied under article 1 of the Refugee Agreement or article 1 of the Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees (art. 2 of the Immigration Control Act).
The dry, mild winter included a particularly warm January and February.
119. The cultivation of illicit drug crops remains a serious impediment to the sustainable development of some countries.
" We'll all come over to your next party, Mr. Gatsby,'she suggested. " What do you say? "
UMTS
Also in accordance with paragraph 2 (b) of decision OEWG-VII/1, the Secretariat drafted proposals on means of implementation, which can be found in document UNEP/CHW.10/INF/34.
I call on the representative of the Russian Federation, who wishes to make a statement in explanation of vote on A/C.1/57/L.30, entitled "Prevention of an arms race in outer space".
"21. Calls upon Member States to continue their ambitious efforts to strive for more inclusive, equitable, balanced, stable and development-oriented sustainable socioeconomic approaches to overcoming poverty, and, in view of the negative impact of inequalities on poverty, emphasizes the importance of improving access to quality education, health care and social protection;
Some experts emphasized the importance of analysing emerging world market opportunities as a precondition for efficient investor targeting.
Detailed information on these courses is provided in table 1.
By using fuzzy judgement matrix the coincidence was automatically satisfied without the need of coincidence test.
On 29 March, the Steering Committee requested its technical team to provide detailed action points on capacity-building within the Programme.
Suggested targets for these enhancements are presented in annex III.
9. The Working Group appreciated the cooperation by Governments that had submitted replies to, or observations that clarified, the communications received, and it encouraged all others to make such submissions in the future.
Subregional inter-agency cooperation should be enhanced, particularly on cross-border tracing, reunification and repatriation.
1.19 Related reforms necessary to improve the quality of education include reforms in respect of the education-related executive and advisory structure, the curriculum, examinations and the academic system.
(d) The International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families, on 29 September 2003;
Now add Mickey's eyes and nose. His eyes rest on the edge of one center line. Make sure that you add a little curve right below his eyes.
Uphold the quality and efficiency of device innovation based road service for the soul of the business philosophy.
Lectures in Politics and Culture, University of the West Indies.
d See A/64/545, para. 28, and General Assembly resolution 63/262, sect. II, paras. 18-20.
50. While dengue fever is not endemic in the Cayman Islands, there were 12 cases of dengue fever between October 2007 and February 2008 in the Territory, one of them fatal.
Adoption of guidance
7. The International Year of Volunteers (2001) offers a unique opportunity to make significant progress in bridging the gap between the acknowledgement of a long-standing tradition of voluntary action on the one hand, and a recognition of its potential as a major national asset for promoting social development, on the other.
33. There is also a continued need for better information systems, as understanding vulnerability is essential to enacting a comprehensive risk management approach.
24. Decides to continue its consideration of the question of internal displacement at its fifty-seventh session.
Opium wet
"Do as you please; but, first of all, pray have a servant, father.
8. Bearing in mind that the entire secretariat of the Tribunal consists of only four posts, in the opinion of the Advisory Committee, it would seem illogical for the executive office functions to require the establishment of two additional posts.
Such workplan should include an initial compilation and synthesis by the seventh session of the SBSTA of all communications received by 15 April 1997, as well as a schedule for the preparation and distribution of the in-depth review for each Party, subject to modification, in response to requests by the Parties concerned.
The existence of hard inclusion may cause an appearance of non-elastic recovery in large area and reappearance of non-elastic cubical expansion.
So it has not immediately resulted in mass starvation in Africa or Asia.
They have been subjected to unjust treatment for a long time.
750 kilometres
"He who dies rich, dies disgraced, " he often said.
For example, a variant of the Back Orifice RAT called GDoor installs its server as Kernel32.exe in the Windows system directory, where its active and locked and controls the registry keys.
It must be a long time since they clashed with Demon armies - they forgot who can really panic the enemy troops!
21. The Director concluded by reviewing the Committee's work for its thirtieth session.
9.74 (b) (ii)
2. Increased awareness and ability of parties to respond to existing and emerging issues.
Adopted decision 2008/26 on the revision of the financial regulations of UNDP and UNFPA
Mr. Khai Bethke, UNIDO
Cao Zijing
The Centre has incorporated into its mandate protection against chemical terrorist attacks.
Reproductive characters are important economic traits.
The Panel, therefore, concludes that the claim is not compensable.
9. The Advisory Committee was informed that, as at 30 April 2008, a total of $29,048,000 was owed to Member States for troop costs and, as at 30 April, $24,614,000 for contingent-owed equipment.
And there are lots of buses before the doorway. It is very convenient for driving and taking buses .
A key challenge, particularly in developing countries, is to improve the collection, management, analysis and sharing of reliable environmental data through innovative, cost-effective approaches.
Production of electrical tools , such as electric drills impact, angle angle grinder electric drill and curves.
Trade and Development Board
S. This issue will be prominent over the coming weeks, as the U. S. decides whether to designate China a currency manipulator.
It was also important for Craig Bellamy to score on his debut and we must be pleased with the win. Gonzalez and Bellamy give us more possibilities to score goals.
Permanent Representative
My delegation has listened to all of the proposals and options presented by the Secretariat.
Can the name of solicitors firm be omitted in the memorial?
18. Urges all States to cooperate fully with the Working Group on the use of mercenaries in the fulfilment of its mandate;
This agency had lots of work for me.8
Nepal
 Although a large part of the reported projects were not initially intended as special assistance measures directly aimed at mitigating the negative consequences of the sanctions, they should, none the less, have indirect positive effects for the domestic economies of the affected countries.
Somalia
His Government also recognized the significant contribution of SMEs to employment creation and income generation.
A/C.5/61/SR.49 and 58
Enhancement of international cooperation in the field of human rights (subprogrammes 1 and 3)
New
III. SELECTION OF STUDIES 20 - 31 11
Extensive consultations were held during the past year with many entities about how best to incorporate and analyse their funding data and reflect their funding modalities. The content, methodology and utility of the data and the reporting have also been discussed with Member States.
The Comparison: The Sea God Image Between Greek Myth and Chinese Antiquity Myth.
Secondly we study the problem of mining valid and non-Redundant association rules.
"Given rising fuel prices, it is reasonable that the government allows airlines to increase fuel surcharges to protect the aviation industry," an official said."
maternity leave pay : the daily rate of maternity leave pay is equivalent to four-fifths of the employee's average daily wages(if she has worked for not less than 40 weeks immediately before the commencement of maternity leave)
C. Health
 102. One delegation proposed that paragraph 8.1 be redrafted as follows:
He poured in a generous splash of rye.
 Reaching cabinet decisions by consensus is seen as the core of the power-sharing arrangement for the next five years.
Zhang Di
Geriatric Outpatient Clinic
3.30 p.m. Mr. Robert Harrison, CEO, Clinton Global Initiative (CGI); Mr. Amir Dossal, Executive Director of the United Nations Office for Partnerships (UNOPS); and Mr. Georg Kell, Executive Director, Global Compact Office (on the work of CGI members to take action on the global challenges in the areas of health, climate change, education, and poverty alleviation)
The Advisory Committee was of the view that the staffing requirement for the project management team and liaison staffing should be put in place in a phased manner, starting with the requirements for 2014, on an annual basis.
At these meetings, Chinese delegates and specialists actively participated in examination and deliberation of issues concerning human rights, expounded China's principles and stand on human rights issues, safeguarded the purpose and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, strove to promote international cooperation and exchanges in the field of human rights and made positive contributions to the healthy development of the international human rights cause.
Nigeria
Host government cash contributions towards the cost of UNDP country offices shall be credited as revenue in the gross institutional budget of UNDP.
WTO members must therefore strive to remove the final obstacles to the successful conclusion of the negotiations.
18A.53 (b) (i)
There was a great need for research linking policy and practice.
All teams, abort the operation.
 The procedure needed to be accelerated and rendered more objective.
Principal U.S. goods in the export trade are machinery, agricultural products, automotive products, aircraft and chemicals.
Provision of good offices to the Presidents of both Chambers of Parliament to foster trust and understanding and to enhance consensus-building
The majority of the approximately 70 participants represented industry associations and initiatives as well as global enterprises, operating in multiple jurisdictions.
While acknowledging the significant efforts that have taken place to achieve reconciliation, concern is expressed about the apparent loss of confidence by the indigenous community in the process of reconciliation.
In close cooperation with AFRISTAT (l'observatoire économique et statistique d'Afrique subsaharienne), the Division produced a common methodological framework for poverty monitoring and evaluation.
3. In accordance with Security Council resolution 1116 (1997), the mandate of UNOMIL was terminated on 30 September 1997.
The Special Rapporteur also met representatives of national human rights institutions, including Mr. Martian Dan, President of the Parliamentary Commission on Human Rights, Religious Denominations and National Minority Groups of the Romanian Parliament, and Mr. Mircea Moldovan and Ms. Ruxandra Sabareanu, deputies of the Ombudsman.
 This provides an integrated and harmonious United Nations-system approach in support of country-level follow-up.
The first thing to do is do nothing.
(c) To ensure that the COP/MOP and any body that may be designated by the COP/MOP for compliance purposes have the information necessary to carry out their assigned functions and to take decisions on any matter required for implementation of the Kyoto Protocol.
Programme of work of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) for the period from 1 June 2012 to 31 May 2013
On the first day shall be an holy convocation: ye shall do servile work therein.
Learn more about careers that tend to embrace internal thinking over social interaction.
So Absalom dwelt two full years in Jerusalem, and saw not the king's face.
There is no emergency information at present.
Daily Records of Lot Subdivision Registration
contrasting to this voice, the draft of the Law of Promoting Charity has not been published.
You get the same thing in a pathetic song, or any picture which moves you deeply.
11. Please provide information on the implementation of the national strategy for the prevention and effective treatment of violence within the family, adopted by Parliament, including the goals and given timetables under the strategy.
10 a.m. - 1 p.m. 35th meeting Conference Room 1
The install package can be extracted to show the installer binary, along with a Readme file and an Installation and Troubleshooting Guide.
Pursuant to section 44 of the Act convictions or sentences of a Special Criminal Court are subject to appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal in the same way as convictions and sentences of the Central Criminal Court.
I. Constitutional and legal framework for the protection of women's rights
Mr. Shipman also pointed out that the introduction of the new system was the fruit of the cumulative effort of staff at all levels in particular those in the vehicle fleet and the delivery teams.
Expert meeting on mainstreaming gender in trade policy
6 November 2013
Information technology
Application of the Color Transformation to DEM and Remotely Sensed Data Merging
Radical 49
Of these, 3.3 per cent are in the Director category (383 staff), 34.6 per cent in the Professional category (4,003 staff) and 61.6 per cent in the General Service and related categories (7,147 staff, of which 6,745 are in the General Service category, 219 staff in the Security and Safety Service category and 183 staff in the Trades and Crafts category).
(a) States were urged to take all practical steps to protect coral reefs for sustainable livelihoods and development and to implement comprehensive management approaches.
Sometimes each party would bear the burden in relation to the different claims made within a single case.
Call waterholics anonymous: Drinking significantly more water than is needed can cause “water intoxication” and lead to fatal cerebral and pulmonary edema.
To be held on Thursday, 19 August 1999, at 12 noon
Specifically, the Committee has previously noted that due process guarantees under article 14 do not fall within the ambit of the prohibition on non-refoulement.
(e) Scheu & Wirth AG, a corporation organised under the laws of Germany, which seeks compensation in the total amount of USD 369,000;
China's Agri-Food Council to encourage people try to use the eggs, syrup and egg powder to avoid eggs out of stock , they are unable to enjoy eggs food system.
What are we supposed to do, just sit here?
C. Membership and officers of the Committee
This requires that Africa and its development partners keep their parts of the bargain, with Africa improving its governance and its partners, including the United Nations system, improving their delivery of support for Africa's development and improving the monitoring of pledges and disbursements.
Forestry Bureau
(ii) Work in excess of the basic work week performed between 0600 hours and 2000 hours on any of the five scheduled work days is regular overtime;
The children came in an hour ago, and now they are eating their heads off.
286.In order to help you to develop business in this line, we are prepare to offer you a discount of 5%
The investment guidelines indicate that the fund managers were required to achieve a return "in excess" of the benchmark, as stipulated by the Provident Fund.
But China Gas didn't acknowledge the offer until Monday night and believes the bid is too low, people familiar with the matter said.
In remarks to a seminar in Beijing Monday, U.S. Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez said America and China need to work together to block protectionist sentiment.
International reports show that the wall not only expropriates Palestinian lands, indeed, it will isolate Palestinian areas from each other and prevent the movement of civilians to their farms, schools and work.
Overtime: $400 variance
There is a discernible reduction of attention and interest among Member countries on these issues.
15. Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani (Vice-Chairperson) took the Chair.
It is therefore necessary to ensure the sustainability of progress, to strengthen mechanisms already established in the mainstreaming process and ensure their permanency during the transition implied by the forthcoming change of government.
(b) Support the Inter-Agency Standing Committee's Education Cluster;
A small component of the light smoothly dims and brightens as the planet orbits.
However, little definite empirical evidence supports this argument.
Korekiyo’s subsequent attempts to rein in public deficits by slashing military spending failed.
The following lessons bear repeating:
She bundled him into the taxi.
Fourth report of Yemen
I love my hometown although it is not better than Beijing. I miss it very much.
But pigs, like many carnivores, are relatively large animals with enlarged canine teeth, so they would be better able to fend off an attack.
85. Recalls its resolution 41/68 D of 3 December 1986, commends the World Federation of United Nations Associations and its more than 100 national United Nations associations for the valuable contributions they have made during the past 67 years through their global activities in the mobilization of popular support for the United Nations, and calls for continued collaboration between the World Federation and the Department of Public Information in support of their complementary objectives;
Christianity in Minnesota
In particular, the notion of sexual harassment is, for the first time, defined legislatively in Greek law.
The international community must build on its commitment to protect children in armed conflict and help the United Nations system to respond to the needs of children on a sustainable basis.
125. As regards the announcement by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea of its withdrawal from the Treaty, the Russian Federation is taking an active part in the process of settling the nuclear issue of the Korean peninsula.
The Government of the State of Kuwait declares that it does not consider itself bound by the provision contained in article 16, paragraph 1 (f), inasmuch as it conflicts with the provisions of the Islamic sharia, Islam being the official religion of the State.
With the economy improving, companies in Japan are hunting for more floor space to accommodate their newly hired staff.
G. Transparency in Armaments
I am bathed with sweat under the sun.
32. Prevention of armed conflict:
The Special Rapporteur remains extremely concerned about the growing number of civilians and persons hors de combat killed in situations of internal strife or armed conflict in all regions of the world.
496. The Officer will negotiate space allocations with other offices when required and carry out all aspects of contract administration for construction and moving contracts.
In this context, Geoffrey Robertson, Q.C, a well-known authority on media law in Commonwealth States, was invited by Government in May 2008 to advise Government on the appropriate media framework for the benefit of both the public and Government.
To that end, its functions are as follows:
Our nuclear assets are under a strict physical protection regime and elaborate custodial controls.
And if we're blessed with wisdom, Then there are glimpses between the cracks of each Where light streams through We wait in silence for these times When sense can be made When meaningless existence comes into focus, And our purpose presents itself.
Decision No. 1841 of 2013
GAMBIA
Composition of working groups of the Sub-Commission for 2004
A. Draft resolution A/C.5/57/L.79
In vertebrates, infection by microparasites results in a strong immunological response.
For example, 40% of men like watching women brush their hair, 31% like watching women get dressed, and 29% enjoy watching women put lipstick.
OIC Annual Coordination Meeting of Foreign Ministers (at the ministerial level)
The European Union joins the consensus which made it possible to adopt the text today. However, it would like to make the following comments:
I will remember your kindness forever.
7 See Human Rights: A Compilation of International Instruments, vol. II, Regional Instruments (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.XIV.1), sect. C, No. 37.
8. The Syrian Arab Republic rejects the Knesset decision of 22 November 2010 to hold a referendum before any withdrawal from the occupied Syrian Golan and East Jerusalem and to require the support of more than 80 per cent of Israelis for such a withdrawal; it is a decision that violates and shows contempt for international law, which stipulates that territory may not be acquired by force.
Democratic Republic of the Congo: reviewing Peacebuilding Fund lessons for the future
Nutrition has also pro gressed from just adding ingredients to yoghurt to aid digestion .
These strategies which were very sound required strong leadership for implementation, and if WIP had remained functional it may well have been effective in bringing about real changes in women's leadership. Its failure to do so only contributed more to the lack of direction and disunity and served to further debilitate the chances of increasing the role of women in decision-making.
If people submit at all times , then  affairs  will be at the correct order.
Cylinder for presentation of sterile forceps D=4 cm
Then Paul called one of the centurions unto him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.
To test the theory, psychologists reached for the botox. They used the toxin to deaden the muscles that control frowning.
29. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Operation under the auspices of the United Nations, bearing in mind paragraphs 5 and 6 of Security Council resolution 1502 (2003) of 26 August 2003;
 The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) played a relatively effective role in regulating the use of frequencies and orbits at the international level, adopting a balanced and comprehensive approach to the task that had, on the whole, proved successful in guaranteeing access to the orbit and the spectrum.
Information and communication technologies could have a positive impact on all sectors of society.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
The internally displaced persons whom the Mission encountered were living in appallingly miserable conditions, often close to their homes.
Recommendation 12. The revisions of the draft financial rules of the Fund of UNDCP, presented in annex I of the present report, should be supported.
His heart pounded wildly, and he dared not think about it any more.
B. Consideration of reports 8
These magazines are sold at bookstores throughout the country.
 Gratis personnel should perform functions under the authority of a United Nations official to whom they have been assigned and in compliance with instructions from that official.
On the one hand, many individuals in various parts of the world are prevented from identifying themselves through the display of religious symbols, while on the other hand the reports and activities of the mandate have revealed the practice in some countries of requiring people to identify themselves through the display of religious symbols, including religious dress in public.
South Korea for years has qualified more athletes than the North and this year has sent 267 athletes to Beijing, compared with about 60 for North Korea.
32. Secretary-General's bulletin on protection against retaliation for reporting misconduct and for cooperating with duly authorized audits or investigations (ST/SGB/2005/21) entered into force on 1 January 2006.
The afternoon session was devoted to a panel debate on the New Partnership for Africa's Development, NEPAD.
Soon light-weight phones outfitted with high-resolution screens will be connected to satellites.
2. Development of Space Science and Technology in Japan
That which ends in exhaustion is death.
E-4 Which versions of Internet browser can the e-Cert file generated under the Central Key Generation Service work with?
The trouble is that the information is often incomplete, irrelevant or outright incomprehensible.
50. The above analysis offers a bleak picture of the state of human rights in the country concerned.
Barriers at the meso level resulting from lack of partnership between public and private-sector institutions.
However, the relevant institutions of the Republic of Albania will review the provisions of the Penal Code in order to adjust them in accordance with the provisions of the above-mentioned Convention.
6 patrols per week x 4 persons per patrol x 52 weeks)
Finally, building resilient health-care systems – flexible enough to bend, but not break, in the face of shocks – means improving other public goods that are closely linked to human health.
This sequence is somewhat less obvious.
The Centre is responsible for information and intelligence gathering, analysis and assessment of the terrorist threat, as well as for operational tasks.
Many singers in the show are very popular.
(v) Space debris;
1.4.10.5.2 (b) Current text under the heading becomes sub-paragraph "(i)".
The major study context in this paper includes those:(1) It has discussed basic structure and function mechanism of explosive reactive armor and the dynamite of reactive armor.
Annual report of the Executive Director
Come on, poochie.
The Millennium Project report - the result of a global research and advocacy partnership and funded through a multi-donor trust fund managed by UNDP - sparked a deep, sustained debate on poverty and international aid and focused attention globally and country-by-country on the MDGs.
4-15 March 2013
6. International partners had contributed to the effort to ensure the holding of free and transparent elections and had been informed not only of the preparatory activities but also of the delays in the disbursement of funds pledged.
C. Placing a human perspective on disarmament
On 9 October 1990, the Salzburg Regional Court, acting under its labour and social law jurisdiction, granted the author's claim.
He added that "The full availability of these outputs in all official languages would require an infusion of substantial additional resources and/or a substantial reduction in other mandates of the Secretariat, neither of which the General Assembly has authorized."
  Our mother tongue is the medium through which we express feelings, convey messages, and form ideas while living in this world.
She therefore proposed the possibility of reservations to that provision of the Statute.
4. Freedom of movement and freedom to choose a place of residence
Reports submitted in 2006 under Article 22 of the ILO Constitution
Questionnaire addressed to other stakeholders
Posts approved for 2009-2010
Take, for instance, the Agni Kootthu incident, it was really unnecessary for the police to turn up at the Drama Centre and to place the head of the arts group under arrest.
Fatima said, Sister Ann, call to them to come and save me
Reports should indicate the legal provisions that establish jurisdiction over the acts and offences referred to in articles 1, 2, 4 of the Optional Protocol, including information about the grounds for this jurisdiction (see article 4, paragraphs 1 and 3).
However many partial solutions there are, they do not mean an end to the issue or an end to Palestine is finished.
China's State Intellectual Property Office (SIPO) received nearly 700,000 patent applications last year, putting it far ahead of both the US and Japan, which received under 500,000 domestic patent filings each.
the statement of affairs shall be certified by the debtor as correct, to the best of his knowledge and belief.
659. In all, 77,705 loans were granted for a total of $669.1 million, representing 40.59 per cent of all loans granted by FSV during its lifetime to date (1973 to June 2002) and 60.60 per cent of the total amount lent ($1,105.1 million) to almost one million Salvadorans.
, who travelled frequently across the boundary mainly for leisure purposes, at least once a week (about 152,600 persons)
(a) Reduced number of complaints by representatives of Member States to intergovernmental organs and members of expert bodies as to the quality of conference services
ICCPR
V.68 Concerning the presentation of the proposed programme budget, the Advisory Committee welcomes the effort made by the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) to draft expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
It has great interest to establish Expert System ( ES ) for spot welding process.
The trips envisaged in 2015 in respect of Case No. 21 are as follows:
Republican Calendar/year
To deal with security, they formed a body of countries with the demonstrated capability to contribute to international peace and security.
In the period under review, the armed forces also benefited from training offered by the United States Navy on boarding techniques and vessel maintenance.
At the 3rd plenary meeting of the Leading Group, held in Seoul on 3 and 4 September 2007, the Government of Norway was invited to establish and chair the International Task Force on Illicit Financial Flows.
As each component started, you saw some messages appear on the command prompt window.
Episode 34 Can I try that on
Unions are permitted to organize and bargain collectively, and the Government protects these rights.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
3. When examining a communication under the present Protocol, the Committee may consult, as appropriate, relevant documentation emanating from other United Nations bodies, specialized agencies, funds, programmes and mechanisms, and other international organizations, including from regional human rights systems, and any observations or comments by the State Party concerned.
The States members of the European Union and the Council of Europe tended to reduce reservations to such treaties by negotiating with the author States to withdraw or amend them, or by proposing concerted objections.
I speak on behalf of a country that less than four and half decades ago was one of the world's obscure and poorest, with only 10 kilometres of paved road surface, one public secondary school, as low as a 34 per cent of adults who were literate, and a total government expenditure of a little over a million dollars, 51 per cent of which was funded through grants and soft loans.
It was noted that there is a close relationship between peace, reconciliation and justice.
A system was introduced to permit candidates to update their own data.
"2. Takes note of the report of the Commission on Human Rights acting as the preparatory committee for the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance on its first session, held from 1 to 5 May 2000, and welcomes the slogan for the World Conference adopted by the Preparatory Committee, namely, `United to combat racism: equality, justice, dignity';
Building on this experience and lessons learned, country-level resource mobilization efforts will gradually be scaled up in a larger number of countries.
The bulk of the ruby rubbiz on the pebble bubbles when stirred by bulbed rubber club.
(g) At the end of operative paragraph 3 the words "and notes also the view expressed by the administering Power not to postpone elections any longer than necessary" were inserted;
 It was in favour of a comprehensive test-ban treaty and a treaty prohibiting the production of fissile material for weapons as steps towards global nuclear disarmament.
Only a few women whose husbands are high-ranking government officials prefer having their husband's family name next to hers.
Chambers of Commerce for Importers and Exporters shall abide by relevant laws and administrative regulations, coordinate and guide the foreign trade activities of their members under their Articles of Association, provide advisory services, report to the relevant authorities of the Government the suggestions of their members with respect to foreign trade promotion, and actively promote foreign trade.
Mr. De Rivero
Human Rights Council
Maybe she wants to sIeep Yeah. I'm serious, Dad.
The provision includes the Mission's share of costs under common services arrangements for the UNOCA compound at headquarters in Kabul, for 105 Afghan Protection Services guards and 107 unarmed security guards deployed ($1,718,300);
(c) To raise awareness and communicate climate change risks, including through public dialogue with local communities, to increase human and environmental resilience to the longer-term impacts of climate change;
On completing its assignment, which lasted two and a quarter hours, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
Staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and to assignment by him to any of the activities or offices of the United Nations.” In this respect, all internationally recruited staff members can be assigned to missions as deemed necessary by the Secretary-General.
Stressing also that it is important for States to provide appropriate and effective mechanisms for society as a whole and, in particular, for relatives of the victims, to know the truth regarding gross violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law,
I'm not very keen on westerns, although my father likes them, but I'm a real softie , so anything with a bit of a love story is good for me.
7. Requests the Executive Director to present a midterm progress report on the implementation of the strategy at the session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum to be held in 2013, and to present a final report thereon at the session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum to be held in 2015.
This station and fabricator don't undertake any law and joint liability!
Agenda item 116 (c)
37. The Special Committee had made it clear that the success of peacekeeping operations depended to a large extent on clearly defined mandates, objectives and command structures and on secure financing, allowing effective and rapid deployment with the highest possible guarantees of security for the participants.
Hardy picked up a livelihood by hawking fruit.
C. Global political commitments 35 - 38 11
If you order an item please allow us time to receive the order.
Commonwealth Secretariat
But some investors are crying foul, saying the rules shouldn/'t have been changed to allow for such gains
Private Secretary of the Presidency
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 5973rd meeting, held on 11 September 2008.
Clearly, the US cannot do much to resolve the conflict.
9. Refugees returning to their countries of origin are affected greatly during the transition from emergency relief to development.
I'd like to make an appointment for 5 p.m. today.
Numerous detainees were reportedly denied access to an attorney as well as family visits.
Subconsciously both sexes are engaged by scarlet wet lips because they symbolize youth, sex and reproductive ability of progeny.
do not shift out life, do not hide, oppress or close in yourself.
The team has shown that the Omani peridotite absorbs tens of thousands of tonnes of carbon dioxide a year, far more than anyone had thought.
"WorldLingo has the widest range of languages and does the best, often the fastest, job of unraveling foreign websites and phrases."
“Last resort” antibiotics should never be used as growth promoters in livestock farming, but achieving this will require significant changes to current practices.
In this connection, the State party refers to the circumstances of the author's arrest, which show that the author refused to cooperate with the police and continued his demolition work even when ordered repeatedly to stop it.
B: Let's talk about it some more .
This  patient  had optic perineuritis secondary to syphilis.
Australian researchers said Thursday they had found no scientific proof that hi-tech running shoes improve athletic performance or limit injury.
During recent decades, one of the most significant advances made by the State of Nicaragua in promoting and protecting human rights has been the adaptation of its legal frameworks to comply with international human rights norms.
Human resources management
Document: Report of the Secretary General (resolution 48/121).
The workload in 2012 2013 will thus be affected by proceedings instituted in previous years.
Personal mobility (art. 20)
In case of ingestion of liquid formulations containing hydrocarbon solvents, vomiting involves a risk of aspiration pneumonia.
Architects need to find possibilities for the avantgarde and experimental architecture practice in the balance of their imagination and reality.
(d) A green economy initiative for promoting investment in long-term environmental sustainability and putting the world on a climate-friendly path;
What do you mean, my lord
I am not as familiar with it as I am with some of the older systems. But I am the best learner and I can master it in a short time.
Harmonization of country programme approval processes
The question now is how the international community should respond.
The crisis in Darfur, added to the effects of the porous frontiers, has exacerbated the proliferation and movement of light arms and psychotropic drugs, making the security situation all the more worrisome.
Forestry production kept its momentum of development.
By an executive order, the Department of Justice is mandated to enforce national laws, including civil rights protection.
In Guatemala for instance, where the Government has made a major effort to change this situation, it is still clear that indigenous peoples face much higher levels of poverty and malnutrition than the rest of the population.
Today was just a start, we will take the movement further and continue with regular sapling distribution drives in Bombay and other cities.
The ongoing receipt of information from judges on the progress of pre-trial and trial proceedings has enabled the Trial Scheduling Working Group to produce a reasonably accurate forecast as to the anticipated completion of all trials at the Tribunal.
The Committee takes further note of the positive work of the United Nations coordination panel on technical advice and assistance in juvenile justice established pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1997/30, which held its third and fourth meetings during 2002 and 2004, respectively.
Before leaving the ship, the Master shall direct the crew members to do their utmost to rescue the deck log book, the engine log book, the oil record book, the radio log book, the charts, documents and papers used in the current voyage, as well as valuables, postal matters and cash money.
I. Introduction 1. The present report is the sixteenth consolidated report on the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, and is submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 61/77.
He stated that these personnel would be based in Geneva and would spend as much time as required on the ground in order to perform these functions.
And sometimes they throw flexible items that I can catch and throw back.
Writer discusses also the characteristic of silicon nitrid ceramic materials,and chooses this ceramic bearing used in the bottom of the reactor above.
He's gone back to London in a huff and good riddance.
3. Average annual normal intake of uranium by an adult is estimated to be about 500 μg from ingestion of food and water and 0.6 μg from inhaling air.
Branson has been quoted as saying that he may use Boeing 787 Dreamliners for this, an aircraft designed to accommodate up to 330 seats (and use 20 per cent less fuel than other aircraft of that size).
- The background note for the regional preparatory meeting for the annual ministerial review for the Asia and Pacific region states that non-formal education settings are arguably just as important as those in the formal sector, especially when providing literacy skills at all ages, and non-formal education must be encouraged to change mindsets and instil the values of sustainable development among the general population.
It's true   right?
I always played football with my older brother because I was good for my age.
Guardianship and Management of Property Act 1991
It turns out that the confusion between actors and their roles is extremely common.
As of 30 June 2011, total funds available amounted to $2,184.5 million, showing a shortfall of $1,596 million against the revised budget.
A value that represents a key that can be struck to complete input to a field.
At least one connecting part of the first heater can be removed from the opening.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
Some of the terms selected for inclusion in draft article 4 were specifically singled out in the commentaries to various draft articles as requiring definition.
Marie Thérèse Rodet Geoffrin
For starters, wait until 10 minutes before your scheduled interview time to announce yourself
Agenda item 16: Information and communications technologies for development (continued)
The first is how to ensure that both national and international responses take into account the role of political institutions and democratic processes in coping with such crises.
24. The Board will keep this matter under review.
They shall be independent in the performance of their functions and shall not accept or seek instructions from any Government or any other source.
Instead, China will certainly make an appropriate response.
He said that he really didn ` t deserve they should be so kind.
Without respect for those principles, the world will be a hotbed of not one but hundreds of conflicts.
Between 1715 and 1800 hours the proxy militia at Ayn al-Tughrah and Rum hill fired several 81-mm and 120-mm mortar shells at outlying areas of Jba`.
Paolo Maffei
Khalil El Derbashi " Detained in the Gaza Strip by the Palestinian Authority since 12 March 1996.
Considering further that annex VI to MARPOL requires certain ships to keep record books which, inter alia, indicate the quantities of ozone-depleting substances supplied to and discharged by the ships,
16 January 2004
g Under the terms of General Assembly resolution 56/292 of 27 June 2002, $29,635,364 will be returned to Member States once their assessments for strategic deployment stocks are settled.
17. As at 21 June 2013, 46 States were parties to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families (up from 44 in 2011).
Among various application researches the sensor node localization and the network coverage are two support techniques.
With respect to article 4, the representative further stated that the provision in the Criminal Code which defined as an offence the incitement to hatred against specific groups had not been altered.
Projekta's mission is to enhance the capacity and capabilities of women, youth and other vulnerable groups to fully participate in the human development process.
20. There is no State religion and the Government does not interfere with or restrict worship by any religious denomination.
49. In reply to the question raised by the representative of Mexico relating to the code of conduct, he said that that code had been prepared by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee Task Force, with the participation of the major international non-governmental organizations, for the purpose of ensuring that the agents of States and of international non-governmental organizations that worked in the field to help children and held positions of authority and financial power would not contribute to aggravating the exploitation of those children.
Indeed, international security, as a doctrine, has become a comprehensive, multifaceted notion. It is a combination of military, political, economic, social, environmental and other security concepts which are all equally important and interconnected.
They offer businesses and creative artists new ways of marketing goods and services, and provide a potential vehicle for crowdsourcing information and for disseminating local and developmental content, as well as engaging grassroots efforts in development.
Combined income and expenditure for the biennium ended 31 December 2005
ALSO NOTES the efforts made by the Commission through its Inter African Bureau of Animal Resources (IBAR) to coordinate the actions needed to prevent the introduction of the disease onto the African continent;
The value for lost future use was determined to be $50,154,811.
How beautiful your eyes are?
To this end the Deputy Humanitarian Coordinator participates in the UNAMID Senior Management Team.
Mount St. Mary's University
- women and poverty (preventing a rise in the level of poverty among women during the transition period);
Republic of Nicaragua
Wolfe County, Kentucky
(iii) Number of amendments to entries on the sanctions lists
40. NHC observed that due to restrictive laws and practices, anyone raising critical questionsin the media risked persecution and imprisonment.
It should be noted that the law grants Bahraini nationality to a child in the aforesaid case regardless of whether the child was born in Bahrain or abroad.
And if the police can't find the person who did it, They're gonna find jason. he needs your help.
IDC, a market-research firm, reckons worldwide sales of netbooks will reach 10.8m in 2008 and more than 20m in 2009, during which they will represent 11-12% of the entire laptop market.
The impact of overly restrictive fiscal and monetary policies can defeat industrial policies and microimprovements.
In the case of damage to third parties, especially private persons, article VIII (5) of the NATO Status of Forces Agreement provides for a distribution of costs between the receiving State and the relevant sending State.
The unanimous adoption of resolution 2014 (2011) last October led to a peaceful transfer of power, based on the initiative of the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Fatima had three brothers. Her brothers had said, We shall come and see you today, but they had not come.
During the reporting period, the Register of Damage benefited from cooperation with the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and his Office, as well as from the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, which effectively contributed to outreach activities in communities in Tulkarem and Qalqiliya governorates.
To exchange experience in space science and technology applications and to discuss opportunities for increasing regional and international cooperation among developing countries and between developed and developing countries.
Member States should create legal and economic structures that allow individuals to engage in microbusiness enterprises to generate income.
To renew these systems and to develop new ones will require significant investment in all appropriate energy sources.
Without these, there is a risk of genetic instability.
- Council of Ministers Decision No. 265 dated 23 April 2003 adopting a List of Natural Persons, Legal Entities, Groups, and Organizations Subjected to the Measures under the Law on Measures against Financing of Terrorism.
A standard pipe fittings, to fully meet today's customers Stringent requirements.
He clutched the rope we threw to him.
Furthermore, the flight of skilled labour used by companies and establishments affected the speed of the implementation of works assigned to them".
(b) To consider information brought to its attention by States concerning violations of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 above and to recommend appropriate measures in response thereto;
11. Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism to continue to contribute to the work of the CounterTerrorism Implementation Task Force, including by raising awareness about the need to respect human rights and the rule of law while countering terrorism;
 The aim of this programme is to locate and track fishing boats in the Moroccan Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) by establishing four centres equipped to provide automatic position-finding, to exchange and transmit data and to establish the associated database.
7.5 The Committee notes that the State party does not dispute the first-named complainant's involvement with the PKK, but rather argues that his involvement was at a low level.
Chicken crops can be made into Chinese traditional medicines to help people digest food.
Female long jumpers
My country has a long history of sending women military observers to various peacekeeping operations.
The main mission objectives of the KOMPSAT-5 system are to provide the so-called GOLDEN mission, a GIS, ocean and land management and disaster and environment monitoring.
In pertinent part, paragraph 7 of Article 13 states:
That opportunity should not be forgotten.
(a) Collect up-to-date information on requests for or interest in assistance by States and offers of, interest in and programmes of assistance by States and international, regional and subregional organizations, clarifying, as appropriate, whether existing offers have been met, otherwise promote assistance in close consultation with the States concerned, and maintain such information in a regularly updated database;
21. Egypt described action that had been taken in various substantive areas addressed in the Bangkok Declaration.
The reports we are now submitting reflect the Government's efforts to meet the commitments made to the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
In some of the topics selected for review in the current year, the contribution of JIU to the effective functioning of the United Nations was not readily apparent.
On the contrary, we asked the Chairman to avoid those references simply because consultations on draft resolution A/C.1/57/L.10, submitted on behalf of the members of the Non-Aligned Movement, had made it clear that there were major differences of opinion on the issue and that it would be very difficult to reach a consensus.
Your blouse is at the dry cleaners - you were supposed to pick it up Friday.
43. The mission noted with due regard the Government's approach concerning the international community's support for its efforts in this new phase of consolidation.
The largest portion of such claimed loss, whether considered in terms of monetary amount or number of loss elements, arises from alleged disruptions of Mitsubishi’s oil field service and supply business.The claimed loss is composed of twenty-nine individual loss elements, each of which has been assigned a number by Mitsubishi; for ease of reference, such numbering has been retained in this report.
You had better look sharp, if you want to be in time.
With a job, if you arent quite on the ball one week, you still get paid.
She sighed as she thought of her handsome adorer.
But for David's sake the Lord his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem, to raise up his son after him and to establish Jerusalem;
mission to el salvador
The naked pay differentials reflect among other things differences in the trades they work in, differences in the jobs they perform, and differences in the personal characteristics such as educational level and work experience.
(b) Promoting universal and affordable access to ICT, particularly bringing ICT to the poorest men and women for improved income, health, education and information, and to this end, emphasizing breakthroughs to achieve rapid results using new models and leveraging innovations;
Furthermore, we emphasize the role of Security Council resolution 1540 (2004) in the context of multilateral regimes to that end.
(a) A national report submitted in accordance with paragraph 15 (a) (A/HRC/WG.6/2/ZAB/1);
In addition, deflation is a hidden risk for pension schemes.
there is no doubt that more and more environment friendly material and energy will come to our daily life.
A view was expressed that even though the right of coastal States to take measures to protect the marine environment must be recognized, the implementation of compulsory pilotage by one State was endangering the freedom of navigation and the right of transit passage under the Convention.
The Special Rapporteur considers that Belarus should enshrine in its legal system the principle of non-discrimination in employment on all grounds, including indirect discrimination, in accordance with international standards.
OIC reaffirmed its commitment to work with the United Nations in assisting countries that were members of both bodies in their efforts to promote a better understanding of the status of women and their political and socio-economic role, and to address the inequities they suffered as a result of changes that had occurred in stark contrast to Islamic precepts.
He paused, as if to let them pay attention.
(b) The Government of the Central African Republic should continue to engage the international community through the Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Steering Committee to ensure the coherence and inclusiveness of the implementation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme;
Regional Africa Assistance à la Fédération ouest-africaine pour la promotion des personnes handicapées.
I have the honour to transmit copies of the following three resolutions adopted by the Azad Jammu and Kashmir Council on 21 March 1998:
The objective is to identify global security issues addressed through organizational networking and regular follow-ups, provide inter-agency recommendations on priority security issues and establish common standards for security.
Switzerland
I would like to remind you that the informal plenary meeting is open to the member States of the Conference only.
Furthermore, two letters on this matter were addressed to the Secretary-General on 4 January 2011 and 17 February 2011, in which the Secretary-General was requested to call upon UNIFIL to undertake the delineation of a maritime security border, along the lines of the Blue Line on land, that conforms to the southern and south-western borders of Lebanese territorial waters and of Lebanon's exclusive economic zone.
The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities shows a progressive approach to mainstreaming gender issues throughout its text, and is the first convention to recognize multiple discrimination.
"I think I hear a noise," she said; "leave me.
Greater workforce diversity was also needed: women accounted for only 13 per cent of mission leaders, down from 17 per cent in 2011.
(d) Developing and implementing a package for HIV prevention, treatment and care with the aim of coming as close as possible to the goal of universal access to treatment by 2010 for all those who need it, including through increased resources, and working towards the elimination of stigma and discrimination, enhanced access to affordable medicines and the reduction of vulnerability of persons affected by HIV/AIDS and other health issues, in particular orphaned and vulnerable children and older persons;
41st meeting
Latin America and the Caribbean
11. In December 2005, the Office of the High Representative provided the Parliamentary Assembly and the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina with draft legislation proposing a domestic vetting procedure for state-level ministers and deputy ministers.
1. From 20 to 28 February 1999, a short-term space flight of the first Slovak astronaut, Ivan Bella, took place during a Russian/French/Slovak mission.
In 2009, the Upala Association of Persons with Disabilities received 50,000,000 colones for the construction of a comprehensive care centre for adults with disabilities, and it has been proposed to allocate 3,443,800 colones in 2010 to the Salvation Army Association for basic equipment.
Draft resolution XII was adopted by 114 votes to 47, with 17 abstentions (resolution 58/47).
139. However, whatever its virtues, the old shared literacy culture had gone and was replaced by the printed mass mediaon the one hand and by books and magazines for a specialized readership on the other.
In many communities, discussion of sexual violence against indigenous women and girls by indigenous men is taboo.
It is recommended that Governments of disaster-prone countries include the utilization of the UNDAC team in their national response plans and disaster response exercises.
A/C.5/59/SR.5 Meeting held on 11 October 2004, 10 a.m. [A C E F R S]
The heart is a man than a woman's heart, so that the poor as fate would after all.
Hughes shouted, snapping Rogers out of his stupor.
These are important aspects of international cooperation in the realm of human rights and an arduous task facing current international human rights protection activities.
What do you think? Please share any thoughts or suggestions related to breathing you have in the comments below.
Still, it is possible that not all goals may be achieved by 2020.
3.70 By its resolution 64/245, the General Assembly decided, that the overall provision for special political missions requested in section 3 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011 should be $1 billion.
Thompson believes Florida, one of the hardest hit states, is well positioned for a resurgence as a result of the precipitous fall in housing prices and appraisals.
I wouldn't like to speculate on the reasons for her resignation.
Birds are flying through tree tops.
Some of its ports are among 59 worldwide, accounting for 85 per cent of US trade, that participate in the container security initiative.
The government has refused to intervene, saying Hope is employed by the hospital, not the Department of Health.
Yes, it had a large mouth and small ears, and his eyes were behind dark glasses.
It further decided to request the Executive Director to operationalize the conceptual framework on poverty and ecosystems and test the approach through country studies with a focus on Africa, working through NEPAD.
65. The Electronics-Tool for Accountable Supply Chains (E-TASC) is a web-based system for information and communications technology companies to manage their supply chains in an efficient manner.
Shenzhen benefit McNair Internet shopping mall conform to the trend of development of e - business establishment.
Seamount slope (º)
Note by the Secretary-General
During 2005 and 2006, the programme operated in 20 territories, and involved 603 women.
This results in extensive dropout rates for girls after few years of primary school.
We appreciate, in that connection, the initiative taken by the Governments of Afghanistan and the United Kingdom in hosting the London conference scheduled for January next year.
A: I have not heard of any special measures are taken in the border area.
In a similar vein, the Committee on the Rights of the Child emphasized "the responsibilities of several other States and certain other actors" for the negative impact of the armed conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo upon children, and for violations of some provisions of the Convention and international humanitarian law within areas of the State party outside of the control of the Government.
We both know why my team and I are here, right?
UNV Generic Trust Fund for Tsunami Programme
It was in that spirit that Malaysia joined other States in signing, on 16 September 2005, the International Convention on the Suppression of Acts of Nuclear Terrorism.
It is also hoped that the Open-Ended Working Group will continue to exert efforts to resolve all outstanding issues expeditiously.
What a terrible experience! Anyhow, youre safe, thats the main thing
(Resolution 51/237)
Ms. MacMillan stated the need to combine different approaches to reach a holistic human rights-based approach to victims' protection, including protecting survivors, contributing to the survivors' resilience and enabling them to access justice.
] We shall see an exhibition of pain- tings if it doesnt rain tomorrow.
I mean, that's the way the jury's gonna see it.
Beds all types (Private & Public) relate to allopathic establishments - Hospitals, Dispensaries, CHCs, PHCs & Sub-centres Sanatorium and TB clinics and other health establishments.
Objective To prevent, reduce or lift the occurrence of urinary retention after anorectal diseases care.
says I.
2004/12. Situation of human rights in Turkmenistan
It based its work on a document containing the revised draft Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Air and Sea, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime (A/AC.254/4/Add.1/Rev.3) and on proposals and contributions submitted by Governments (A/AC.254/5/Add.15, A/AC.254/L.96, A/AC.254/L.97, A/AC.254/L.99, A/AC.254/L.101, A/AC.254/L.102 and A/AC.254/L.104).
Further welcoming the secretariat's overview of regional implementation of the Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing in Asia and the Pacific, which reviews progress and identifies gaps in the implementation of the Madrid Plan of Action,
(a) Office furniture
Telling me in different ways that even if I were to recover my memory , my life isn't one worth going back to .
35. At the monthly consultative meetings initiated by my Special Representative, the organizations involved coordinate their activities and work out modalities for mutual support.
A number of non-governmental organizations are planning to bring the Guiding Principles to the attention of other non-State actors.
The State Taxation Administration shall, in combination with deepening the reform of tax collection administration, earnestly conduct the organization, guidance, supervision and inspection of this work.
After taking into consideration the results of the latest actuarial valuation of the Fund, which revealed a fifth consecutive surplus amounting to 1.29 per cent of pensionable remuneration, and the latest report of the Committee of Actuaries, the Board decided to:
My own Global Compact initiative has engaged hundreds of companies from around the world in the effort to promote corporate citizenship and universal values in respect of human rights, labour rights and the environment.
Asian States: Iran, Iraq, Maldives, Pakistan and Samoa.
45. The 2007 CCA highlighted the main challenge for economic development of Maldives as the rising problem of unemployment and underemployment, particularly among the women and youth.
Bulgaria participated in the Conference on Facilitating the Entry into Force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, held in New York, to promote the entry into force of the Treaty and endorsed its joint statement
18 To love is to be vulnerable. 19 Love at first sight never happens before breakfast.
It is in this framework that two projects in Morocco and Yemen were to be co-funded by the institutions, and a project was developed by ISESCO to benefit refugees in Afghanistan and Somalia.
Master, master, our young lady--
He has no breakfast.
35. There are many concerns regarding those who have gone through the rehabilitation process, including the criteria used to subject an individual to rehabilitation; questions regarding the supposed voluntary nature of persons surrendering themselves for rehabilitation; the transfer of persons between rehabilitation and detention centres, which results in the deprivation of freedom of liberty of individual through the increase of the detention period; and the lack of such basic procedural safeguards as legal representation and judicial oversight for lengthy rehabilitation periods.
However, the responsibility of international organizations had specific characteristics owing to the particular legal nature of such organizations.
174. The Committee requests that specific information be included in the next periodic report on the measures and programmes relevant to the Convention on the Rights of the Child undertaken by the State party to follow up on the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and taking account of general comment No. 1 on article 29 (1) of the Convention (aims of education).
Forthcoming official meetings
History of silk
Members agreed to check the listing that they used against the standard classification.
Todd"Yes you had a minor injury from a soul body OBE."
Target 2006-2007: 50 per cent
Furthermore, the court may order the convicted person to be admitted to a psychiatric hospital for treatment.
You know, then kind of working backwards digestively-speaking, And good luck. She's a little bit of a handful.
32. The Government of Sierra Leone, with support from the international community, will allocate sufficient resources to existing aid coordination mechanisms to support the review and implementation of the present Framework.
It appreciated the openness with which Nauru had approached the UPR dialogue and, in particular, the positive response given regarding the issue of standing invitations to the special procedures of the Human Rights Council.
I would strongly suggest not going to the party tonight.
 (c) To maintain custody of the heavy equipment of JNA forces;
First regular session 2010
The field office in Birao would include a Human Rights Officer and a Humanitarian Liaison Officer and a small United Nations police presence.
Klintsovsky District
I would be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Do you think I can do it
52. Mr. Aynekullu (Ethiopia) said that encouraging the development of international law as a way of regulating international relations had been a major objective of the United Nations since its founding.
The first sound in the morning was her voice as she went about the house singing like a lark, and the last sound at night was the same cheery sound, for the girls never grew too old for that familiar lullaby.
Adoption of the report of the Committee to the General Assembly at its sixty-sixth session (A/AC.159/L.142)
Containing this major problem calls for mobilizing human and material resources within the health-care system, particularly in terms of medications and evaluation of the socioeconomic impact of NCDs, while simultaneously working towards early prevention of such risk factors as tobacco consumption, poor nutrition, lack of physical activity and unhealthy lifestyles among children.
Tissue, Total Protein, Human Tumor, Synoviosarcoma.
Stiff neck, sensitive to light.
Fifty-seventh session
We conducted these interviews privately, without interference from Azerbaijani officials.
The adsorption of DPHs on sands belongs to physical adsorption according to the study on adsorption thermodynamics.
Letter dated 30 September 2009 from the Permanent Representative of the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Reports of the Secretary-General on the Sudan (S/PRST/2012/19)
It helps its member associations with development of their leadership and programmes; surveys new fields and promotes work to meet new needs; works for international understanding, for improved social and economic conditions and for basic human rights for all people.
at the same time, the Entity theory and the subjective theory are also difficult to resolve these issues because of their limitations.
black leather jackets; as black as coal ; rich black soil.
4. While specific local contexts vary, broader unifying themes and concerns, rooted in the common experience of colonization, globalization and nationalism, have emerged.
44. Based on the considerable volume of correspondence, even before initiating the review, it is clear that the system requires improvement in a number of areas: the managing and updating of the names of staff and linkages with the human resources information system; formats for staff that are easier to manage and which have logical checks, avoiding many errors and the possibility of omitted data; and automated reminders and analysis of those who have filed by post and duty station.
Both the authorities and donors are encouraged to provide further assistance in this important area.
Examination of initial national communications
He works as the spirit moves him, ie when he feels the desire to do so.
9. The present study is not intended to provide a comprehensive account of all legal issues relevant to electronic commerce.
DIANA: It's Uncle Ben. He wants me to go over to the museum
M: Yes, Ticked off means to get angry or annoyed at something.
SMART CHARMING TRAVEL LTD
As regards the working methods and reallocation of some agenda items of the First Committee, Indonesia, along with other members of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM), will continue to accord this issue the importance that it warrants within the overall process of revitalizing the General Assembly.
PP26 For UN Nos 1310, 1320, 1321, 1322, 1344, 1347, 1348, 1349, 1517, 2907, 3317 and 3344 packagings shall be lead free.
UNDP Washington
Warm clothes and a comfortable shoes are a must on the day to go to the Great Wall.
I thought although she was clever she might have difficultylearning a foreign language .
Almost as diverse as the electromagnetic spectrum itself, directed - energy weapons span a wide range of incarnations.
:: Chairing 36 meetings of Sector Military Coordination Committees with the two parties
Article 27: Amendments to the Convention
The Administrator will present a separate report on UNV to the Executive Board at the current session (DP/2004/24).
You'd better cite an example to prove [ pru: v ] your opinion.
Hushhush moneyhush money3: Taking hush money from a gangster to keep your mouth shut about something you saw him do is dangerous.
At its fifty-fourth session, the General Assembly invited the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice to coordinate closely their activities relating to the administration of justice; underlined the importance of rebuilding and strengthening structures for the administration of justice and respect for the rule of law and human rights in post-conflict situations; requested the Secretary-General to ensure system-wide coordination and coherence of programmes and activities of the relevant parts of the United Nations system in the field of the administration of justice in post-conflict situations, including assistance provided through United Nations field presences; and decided to continue its consideration of the question at its fifty-sixth session (resolution 54/163).
1. National treatment in competition law and practices;
The Military and Administrative System of Dusi in Eastern Liao and Its Vicissitude
The Government had renovated the prisons of every province and town in the country.
It is the hope of ECOWAS that its desire to strengthen cooperation with the United Nations is shared by all members of the General Assembly and that a decision will be taken at the fifty-ninth session inviting ECOWAS to participate in the session and work of the General Assembly in the capacity of observer.
While the non-proliferation regime had been strictly observed by the overwhelming majority of the more than 180 non-nuclear-weapon States, disarmament had not received the same level of emphasis by the nuclear-weapon States.
Do you ever do it at physical therapy?
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.25
Because I think I had built it disorderly.
So far, most cases taken up by the Ombudsperson have concerned property issues, but other cases have related to independence of the judiciary, freedom of movement, effective domestic remedies, access to court, the rights of detainees, and the rights to liberty and security.
Standing Offer Agreement for Quality Professional Services (SOA-QPS)
The seed dispersal by the ant is an important factor affecting some communities structure of temperate forests.
5 April 2004
In accordance with the terms of the relevant treaty, each State party undertakes to submit an initial report on the measures in place or taken to give effect to that treaty's provisions within a specified period after the treaty's entry into force for the reporting State.
The joint UNV/United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) Latin America regional project `Engendering budget: Valuing women's contributions to national development' demonstrated volunteer roles at the local level in gender-sensitive participatory budgeting.
Everything aboard turned loose on him.
On 26 December 2007, a Deputy-Chairperson of the Supreme Court, and on 5 February 2008, the First Vice-Chairperson of the Supreme Court, rejected his appeals and affirmed that the decision of the first instance court was grounded, the author was fined lawfully, and his guilt was duly established.
Officials say the strikes will not stop until the Palestinian militants halt rocket attacks against Israel.
As she walks into the ballroom of an airport hotel, 20 women offer a collective(1) swoon(2).
Those spring flowers and fragrant  grass are full of life.
A little arithmetic shows why.
The Government of the Philippines fully supports and reiterates its commitment to adhere to the United Nations General Assembly Resolution 64/6 which calls for the ending of the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba.
347. The Chairman of CCAQ said the findings of the ICSC secretariat in general confirmed that there continued to be a high level of adherence to and consistency in the application of ICSC decisions and recommendations.
therefore, behold, I will gather all your lovers with whom you took pleasure, even all those whom you loved and all those whom you hated.
It is impossible to print full report of total budget or total expenditure by objective
4. Where a request for interim measures is made by the Working Group or Rapporteur(s) under the present rule, the Working Group or Rapporteur(s) should inform the Committee members of the nature of the request and the complaint to which the request relates at the next regular session of the Committee.
althoughmigrant workers has much contribute to the economic growth of cities ,but they unavoidably had brought some negative effect. 6.
Pine and cypress species are currently the main trees used in the construction, but their ecological effect on soil conservation is not quite clear yet.
Furthermore, in order to cope with increased dining—out and the use of processed foods, the Government promotes voluntary nutritional labelling by restaurants and food processors.
He proposed that (a) the Committee establish unimpeded diplomatic channels to address appeals against invalid summonses to obviate the need to resort to the city's jurisdiction; (b) the Committee initiate consultations with the host country regarding the number of spaces assigned to permanent missions and residences and the unauthorized use thereof; and (c) the host city undertake enhanced training of police and law enforcement authorities not only on the Programme but also on the status and treatment to be accorded to diplomats.
The required elements of reform are clear to all: the consolidation of all security services into three main bodies, with a professional leadership, and putting them under the authority of an effective Interior Minister who reports to an empowered Prime Minister.
Kyrgyzstan
In addition to agenda items 28 and 40 (f) relating to Afghanistan, the General Assembly will take up, as a second item, agenda item 35, "Consequences of the Iraqi occupation of and aggression against Kuwait".
The fight against terrorism, which mobilized the international community, should not give rise to new instruments of discrimination, intolerance and repression which would only create a spiral of violence.
Such as flow lift power efficiency speed and so on.
Today, I got a surprise call from LA Fitness saying I've been signed up for a two week pass. It's from my boyfriend.
"Therefore, her young men will fall in her streets, And all the men of war will be silenced in that day," declares the Lord of hosts
- Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Working Group on Indigenous Populations: part of paragraph (10);
accuracy matching are carried out on the telephone traffic distribution data and the frame error rate interference data;
(ii) Central review committees for the selection of staff in the Professional category up to the P-4 level, except for advice on the appointment of candidates having successfully passed a competitive examination, which shall be given by boards of examiners, in accordance with staff rule 4.16;
Provision of security escorts to humanitarian convoys, as required
16. His delegation would vote against the draft resolution and called upon other Member States to do likewise.
Upon presentation of the bill of lading the buyer cannot get the goods after he has paid according to the contract.
If we do not study and work hard we shall not be able to earn a living in our community
okay, apologies accepted.
But if you only quarrel and do not cooperate, you will be as weak as one of the little sticks all by itself.
The police are cracking down on illegal parking.
The 2004 JIU report on travel stated that the LS amount should "in principle serve as an incentive for the staff to opt for it in order to meet the goal of reducing administrative workload".
The thieves delivered the passengers of their money.
A ground of white paint under the mural.
Funding for water/sanitation/management system projects could be garnered from any one of several financing for development sources.
Dodecadodecahedron
The paper holds that the "view of financial institution" won't do any good to getting small and medium-sized businesses out of financing trouble.
Whenever Hung - chien met Kao , Kao always smiled broadly and acted as though nothing were amiss.
In either case, the service router supports the Service Integrator, which is now a single point of access for that business function or process.
We have also proposed the partial fencing of the border to minimize opportunities for illegal movement.
62. Belarus noted Italy's commitment to fighting modern forms of slavery and the creation of a national committee to fight trafficking.
By Beatrix Potter Once upon a time there were four little Rabbits, and their names were Flopsy, Mopsy, Cotton-tail, and Peter.
E/CN.4/2001/65
24. Some delegations, while expressing support for the initiative aimed at adopting measures for suppressing nuclear terrorism, expressed the view that the most effective way of achieving that goal was to eliminate nuclear weapons altogether.
Diplôme d'études universitaires générales (DEUG) (first-level university degree) in philosophy, sociology and psychology, 1979, Faculty of Arts and Humanities, Mohammed V University, Rabat.
(a) Law No. 004 of 8 May 2003 on the Suppression of the Crime of Genocide, Crimes against Humanity and War Crimes (Loi portant répression du crime de génocide, des crimes contre l'humanité et des crimes de guerre).
Amber was probably a genuinely sweet person, but I got the feeling that hanging out with her could do some serious damage to a person's tooth enamel
23. Mr. Ould Baidy (Mauritania) pointed out that Mauritania had ratified all the relevant International Labour Organization Conventions providing for the equal treatment of women and men in the field of employment.
It has been developed through a process of intensive consultation with a wide range of UNICEF staff and key partners.
identification of high-risk countries of origin (visitors or non-resident workers from such countries are given special attention at the border control points in order to detect eventual situations of trafficking);
A suggestion was made that the theme for the upcoming Twelfth United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice should be discussed during the informal pre-session consultations to be held prior to the seventeenth session of the Commission.
In my view, this helps to ensure a wider range of ideas and better decision-making both within the organisation and at board level.
According to available information, Bout is no longer focusing his business in South Africa and has moved his main operations to the Middle East.
The best team in oral arguments was from the University of Zaragoza, Spain.
8. The economic crisis had directed attention to global governance mechanisms, with the G-20 moving into the spotlight of economic policy coordination.
Rule 38
S/AC.37/2002/44
Each of the five regional groups shall be represented by two Bureau members and one Bureau member shall represent the small island developing States.
Bundesministerium des Innern
The Commission is addressing some of the challenges highlighted in the review.
In accordance with a decision taken at its thirty-ninth session, the Committee agreed that this review would be based upon the last reports submitted by the State party concerned and their consideration by the Committee.
Nicaragua reported that a total of 19 mines were destroyed in training during the reporting period. 5 PPMI-SR11 mines were destroyed in November 2005 during a humanitarian demining training course.
33. The devastation caused by the floods in eastern and western Nepal was widely covered, highlighting both the plight of victims and cooperation between the Governments of Nepal and India in addressing the problem.
Offences unrelated to exploitation are also criminally punishable: forcible removal of human organs or skin for transplants (art. 113; up to 10 years' deprivation of liberty), kidnapping (art. 125, para. 3; 10 to 15 years' deprivation of liberty); unlawful confinement (art. 126, para. 3; 5 to 10 years' deprivation of liberty); deliberate unlawful crossing of a guarded State border (art. 330); and the forgery, manufacture or sale of counterfeit documents (art. 325).
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
Most recently, the Department had deployed a press officer to cover the Pacific regional seminar on decolonization, held in Quito from 30 May to 1 June, and had compiled an information kit for distribution among the participants.
She hold the five pieces of cloth to which the eggs were adhered against her bare bosom.As if cuddling a nursing infant, she sat absolutely quiet, not daring to stir.
Thermal behaviors of high viscosity Nylon 66, prepared by chain extending, have been studied by DSC.
121. The share of women among Polish citizens employed at the United Nations Secretariat in the subsequent years of the reporting period was as follows:
Nearly a decade ago, we met in Barbados to address the environmental vulnerabilities and developmental challenges faced by small island developing States.
Furthermore, the regional advisory services of ESCAP in Afghanistan, Cambodia and Mongolia clearly indicate the complex risk environment created by the convergence of disasters, conflict and fragility.
The Security Council by resolution 1877 (2009) extended the terms of office of the Tribunal's permanent and ad litem judges until 31 December 2010.
They recognize the Queen as their Sovereigns because she is the inheritor of the medieval Dukedom of Normandy.
In 2000, Ukrainian mine-clearance units had joined the United Nations mine-clearance programmes in southern Lebanon, Kosovo and Sierra Leone.
WTO rules
The President (spoke in French): On behalf of the General Assembly, I wish to thank the President of the Republic of Paraguay for the statement he has just made.
While most women have the opportunity of earning higher wages than at home, labour conditions and mechanisms of both social and physical security in receiving countries seem to be perilous at best.
:: Institution-building and reforms in the public sector.
Following the working meeting held on 23 August 2014, I wish to draw your attention to the matters below, which require urgent action.
The delivery of the Bali Strategic Plan at the national and regional levels will be coordinated through UNEP regional offices, and UNEP will build strategic alliances with partners from within the United Nations family and increasingly from civil society and the private sector to extend its reach at national and regional levels and to catalyse action.
Scholarship of the Swiss Confederation (1969-1970)
(h) description and nature of the business including:
the victim's right to be heard
Chen Xiaogong
100. The Government of the Netherlands has decided to provide a self-sustaining military engineering unit (up to 50 persons) to assist the Commission with mass grave investigations.
5. National mechanisms for gender equality continue to play a critical role in the promotion of such equality and the empowerment of women at the national and regional levels, in ensuring good public policies, in building alliances with the women's movement and in promoting action to close implementation gaps.
To stress that nothing in the Non-Proliferation Treaty should be interpreted as affecting the right of States parties to technical cooperation among themselves or with international organizations, keeping in view the needs of the developing States parties.
VI. Coverage of the AIIC - United Nations Agreement
What imagination would have been irreverent enough to surmise that the same scorching stigma was on them both!
there haveThere has a cup on the desk.A cup has (there) on the desk.
UNLB United Nations Logistics Base
Allow me also to take this opportunity, Sir, to convey to you, on behalf of the African Group, our heartfelt congratulations and our wish for every success in the accomplishment of these lofty tasks.
The extensible admin console itself needs to be installed as a plug-in from the online plug-in catalog.
Likewise, the new marriage law completely abolishes the assigning of fixed roles to husband and wife. Duties involving the upbringing and care of children as well as household duties are also given a higher standing in relation to employment outside the home (see paras. 129, 537, 567 and 591 ff).
d. Tom is a promising student, he's particularly good at math, and maybe he's gifted in that.
Sarah frequently found him selfish, cold and distant.
1434 users like the Journal on Facebook.
Replace the existing tables with the tables below.
The institute could be twinned with the MERCOSUR International Centre for the Promotion of Human Rights, located within the Navy School of Engineering (Argentina) known as ESMA.
(j) In addition, plans call for special emphasis on the inclusion of promising and talented young people as internal support staff and teaching assistants in the University’s programmes and activities.
It is without question in the United States that the repercussions of the attacks of 11 September were most deeply and widely felt by Arab communities or, quite simply, by Muslim men and women.
This should include whether the substance is subject to any prohibitions or restrictions in the country or region into which it is being supplied.
The remainder, 35 to 50,000, will stay behind as a transition force.
(a) Will serving members of the Administrative Tribunal be transferred to the new Appeals Tribunal for the unexpired periods of their terms of office?
38. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations (resolution 59/129 of 10 December 2004).
Meeting of the Group of Interested States in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/38 G (Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures)
Please also elaborate on their access to education, employment, safe water and health services as well as protection from violence.
(g) Building a people-centred and inclusive information society so as to enhance digital opportunities for all people in order to help bridge the digital divide, putting the potential of information and communication technologies at the service of development and addressing new challenges of the information society by implementing the outcomes of the Geneva phase of the World Summit on the Information Society and ensuring the success of the second phase of the Summit, to be held in Tunis in November 2005; in this regard, we welcome the establishment of the Digital Solidarity Fund and encourage voluntary contributions to its financing.
Kovno Governorate
She is always lacking of logic in handling things, but it seems she has been through. 6.
117 nominations for Legislative Council election received by deadline
APOLLO: Starbuck, where are you?
is it probable to give me a appropriate number
B. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Methods The clinical data of 66 patients with primary gastrointestinal malignant lymphomas were retrospectively analyzed.
Instead of raising it, thought he, they have lowered it.
Concerning socio-economic development, the Government of Burundi will focus every effort possible on combating poverty, in particular through development of priority production sectors, namely, agriculture and livestock, energy, social infrastructure, tourism, environmental renewal and new information and communication technologies.
At these events, Chinese representatives gave full support to exertions for the United Nations Decade for Women and expounded China's stand and viewpoints on some major international problems and strategies for the advancement of conditions for women, thus making positive contributions to the success of these conferences.
The aerial attacks on Iraq's civil and military infrastructure since 1998 were a violation of Iraq's national sovereignty and territorial integrity, guaranteed by all relevant resolutions, and the United States and the United Kingdom continued to use Security Council resolutions to perpetuate the inhuman embargo against Iraq, which had led to the deaths of some one and a half million Iraqis.
The Commission also recalled the obligations under the Convention regarding global and regional cooperation through competent international organizations in formulating and elaborating international rules, standards and recommended practices and procedures, consistent with the Convention, for the protection and preservation of the marine environment (article 197).
Now all the 55 ethnic minorities have their own college students, and some even are master's and doctor's degree holders.
agreed upon at the mid-term review)) 1.15 a.m. -
My toes were always polished.
107. In order to achieve all six Education for All goals by 2015, the issues of access to and quality of education are inseparable and must be addressed concurrently and improved through both national and international initiatives.
Introduces the imaging logging interpretati on applied in West Sichuan detrital deposit microfacies analysis, terra stress ana lysis and crack identification.
Poetry soars11, all around the tangible12, in deep dark, through a world we reveal and make.
Recruitments measures are being carried out to strengthen the medical personnel of medical institutions, primarily in rural areas.
The whole Israelite community set out from the Desert of Sin, travelling from place to place as the LORD commanded.
These unions are evolving year after year into single political entities resembling a single State, or actually turning into a single State.
Russell: So I'll take short sleeved shirts and shorts.
Also, non-real-time tasks do not have full Linux platform support (the thin kernel execution is called thin for a reason).
Indeed, nothing helps to establish peace better than democracy and emerging prosperity.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee.
3. In addition, UNIDO is facing the need to integrate the results-based management (RBM) approach in all of its systems, following the recent recommendation by Member States to the General Conference, in decision IDB.35/Dec.5, of the medium-term programme framework (MTPF) for 2010-2013, which has been formulated on RBM principles.
:: 9 May 2007: Informal country specific thematic discussion on community recovery
112. Financial resources for social development remain inadequate, although international initiatives such as the HIPC Initiative have started to shift the allocation of public finance towards social sectors in some countries.
Handling technology is the foundation of harbor production and marks the advancement of harbor technology.
Such ongoing aggressive and illegal behaviour by the Israeli military and Government has only further emboldened the illegal Israeli settlers transferred to the land of the State of Palestine, including East Jerusalem, resulting in the escalation of crimes and terror by extremist settlers against innocent Palestinian civilians on a daily basis and with total impunity and under the protection of the Israeli occupying forces.
One of you will be named the winner, and one of you will be out.
Taxonomy/Alphaproteobacteria
Lens Technology
"48. Urges those States that have not yet done so to complete a national action plan as soon as possible incorporating the goals agreed at the special session of the General Assembly on children, as reflected in its outcome document, `A world fit for children', and to place those goals in the framework of the Convention;
The shortfall is particularly glaring in ODA to Africa, which is now estimated to be $11 billion against the initially pledged $25 billion for 2010.
10. A liar will use your words to make answer a question
72. The independent expert calls upon States to reaffirm their commitment to ensuring the implementation of the Declaration.
A donor funded the reconstruction of Homs community rehabilitation centre and training for the centre’s management committee.
Agricultural production is limited, with coconuts, pandanus, breadfruit and bananas being the main tree crops.
if, in a word, beauty means something, yet we must not seek to interpret the meaning. If we glimpse the unutterable, it is unwise to try to utter it, nor should we seek to invest with significance that which we cannot grasp.
Letter dated 18 April 2005 from the Permanent Observer of the
No prior authorization or check is required.
As the sun rose he saw other boats in toward shore, which was only a low green line on the sea
Aides said Washington was hoping to win agreement for a more formal system of accountability, with progress reports between summits to evaluate the extent to which promises had been met.
No one should doubt our commitment to the preservation of our environment.
 As the original co-sponsors of this draft resolution, we would appreciate it if you would have this expanded list of co-sponsors circulated as an official document of the forty-eighth session of the General Assembly under agenda item 34 the morning of 14 December 1993.
Argentina has experienced terrorism at first hand.
260 (XXIII)
Now, please discuss with your partner and find out the useful phrases and sentences in 1a. Go!
Although I had been there for three months,I never seen my neighbor next door.
Overall, however, this earphone is a great package deal to take you to the next step in sound quality.
Blood circulates through the body.
Another of the group died in his sleep in the cold and one fell into a crevasse and disappeared.
This is a recording . I'm busy now. Please leave a message after the beep. Thank you.
60. For the development of the budgetary estimates for the biennium 2008-2009, the following elements have been taken into consideration:
The claim, which was filed by Entec in 1993, arises from losses allegedly suffered by EA as a direct result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
12. "International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombing": adopted by Act No. 2372 of the National Congress in May 2004, adhered to in September of that year and in force for Paraguay since 22 October 2004.
It reiterates that the actions of Syrian law enforcement forces are a response to an emergency situation arising from exceptional circumstances, namely the terrorist activities of terrorist groups in the area of separation.
Organization of work of the Group of Governmental Experts
A number of delegations reserved their positions on that issue, and since we will have a report on these consultations later on today from Ambassador Inoguchi, I will refrain from delving into the details.
Army administration and command
Indeed since 19 June 2007, more than 50,000 tons of humanitarian aid have been transferred through the Sufra crossing, and more than 4,000 tons passed through the Kerem Shalom crossing.
Mr. Sharma (India), speaking on behalf of the Asian Group, said that the Group had, in principle, supported the original proposals of the Director-General for the programme and budgets for the biennium 2008-2009, based on a zero real growth regular budget.
For those who are determined to travel, they will go forward happily all the way in plains, and they will become more enjoyable, full of humor and wit, while confronted with cragged roads, thinking that they would feel the beauty and interest of the adventure better
H.E. Mr. John Agyekum Kufuor, President of the Republic of Ghana, addressed the General Assembly.
one finger , one finger , turn turn turn , turn to a mouse , zi zi zi.
UNITED NATIONS
A total of 150 communications were still pending examination by the Committee.
53. The cluster has strengthened coordination and collaboration between its members, including on: the sixtieth anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights; the Year of the African Youth; the sixth African Development Forum; the African Committee of Experts on the Rights and Welfare of the Child; and the African Union Summit on Water and Sanitation.
The United Nations also cooperated with the European Commission in implementing the European Union and Central Asia Strategy for a New Partnership, as well as with the IberoAmerican General Secretariat in organizing the policy dialogue of Heads of State on social cohesion during the Seventeenth Ibero-American Summit held in Santiago in November 2007.
XIII.1–XIII.2 Section 33. Development Account
In the view of the Algerian delegation the agenda in its present form could allow us to take up any issue that falls within the competence of the CD.
After a sorority sister was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, Couchenour decided to join the charity running group Team in Training.
The audit also noted that posts were sometimes vacant because they were not funded;
Euphotic zone
My coat is covered with fluff.
And then the properties of some random trigonometric series are discussed.
The complainants claim that their extradition to Uzbekistan would constitute a violation by Kazakhstan of article 3 of the Convention against Torture.
Their implementation would should result in further reductions.
In 1998, she set up an office where 12 employees, including two doctors, two lawyers, two social workers and a priest, have provided medical, legal and social assistance to 200 women victims, 50 of whose cases were reported to be serious, needing immediate intervention.
 IPTF commanders and Civil Affairs officers have often worked together to address potentially explosive situations at the local level, and have thereby been able to reduce the level of tension and the potential for violence.
Young girls are encouraged to marry early even in communities where it is forbidden by law.
Table 6
61/265. Audit and investigative reviews of the tsunami relief operations conducted by the United Nations Secretariat, funds and programmes and the specialized agencies
All these proportions surpass 8 percent which is the proportion covered by the population of the minority nationalities in the total population of the country.
She said she would let herself age naturally - and gracefully - instead.
The seven dwarfs returned from the mine to find Snow White lying on the floor.
Strengthened actions by UNEP in those areas would provide a sound basis for it to enhance its cooperation with the relevant multilateral environmental agreements, and also to enhance collaboration between the United Nations system and those agreements, and cooperation and coordination among those agreements.
It is well known that competition in society is intense.
47. A recorded vote was taken on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.11/Rev.1
The Working Group took up the sub-item at its 1st plenary meeting, on the morning of Monday, 10 May 2010.
Speakers welcomed the provision of technical assistance on a horizontal South-South basis as being particularly fruitful for all partners and promoting ownership of the process.
I can swim a maximum of 1 mile.
"The Council reiterates the important role of women in the prevention and resolution of conflict and in peacebuilding.
(a) A "Science-Policy Interface" (SPI), where representatives of the policy and science communities, and other stakeholders, would discuss, synthesize and communicate to the UNCCD scientific information and knowledge and policy-relevant advice on desertification/land degradation and drought (DLDD), and identify the needs of the UNCCD for such inputs.
Cooperation between the United Nations and the World Bank requires a clearer division of labour based on realities on the ground.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH
11. In addition, the Presidency of the Conference conducted events (the Cities and Subnational Dialogue and the Presidency Business Dialogue) as part of the activities to engage with all stakeholders in the international climate process aimed at ensuring continued dialogue between parties to the Convention and representatives of relevant constituency groups. C. Outcomes of the nineteenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention
'Keep healthy, be patient and stay strong, ' he said.
The cost of fuel per litre and the cost of operation and maintenance for fuel were higher than budgeted, as determined by the contract for fuel, which was finalized after the budget proposal had been prepared.
Baa baa black sheep, have you any wool?
Our company got our own professional studio, all the photographic production is done by us.
And she doesn't just go to the library She walks there Sometimes through a foot of snow.
These actions seek to create the change necessary to close the gender gaps in employment and income; family responsibilities; health and education; protection of women's human rights and their political participation.
Not estimated in GC.12/Dec.16
He had also received shocking evidence of torture and mutilation carried out by the Maoists for purposes of extortion, punishment for non-cooperation and intimidation.
Epithelial Cell Medium (EpiCM) is a complete medium designed for optimal growth of normal human epithelial cells in vitro.
(Request by former UNEP staff member for rescission of the decision separating her from service without notice for removing the name of an eligible candidate from a list of applicants for a G-4 post and substituting the name of another candidate whose application had not been submitted in time)
Light weapons
(by sector)
The Assembly invited Governments to be guided by those resolutions and recommendations in formulating legislation and policy directives, and to make every effort to implement the principles contained therein, in accordance with the economic, social, legal, cultural and political circumstances of each country.
During the reporting period, several direct contacts between representatives of the two sides took place.
In February and July, the Committee approved its programmes of work, based on the requirements outlined in Security Council resolutions 1735 (2006) and 1822 (2008), taking into account the pending issues before the Committee.
Since then, the classroom, keep quiet.
224. Quick impact projects were created to address emergency or urgent visible humanitarian and infrastructure projects so that immediate relief could be provided within the shortest possible time and to promote and facilitate the United Nations peacekeeping efforts.
Mr Touchett gave a shrewd, conscious smile.
The boy with joy was annoyed because his toy was destroyed.
Soft drinks
The lash of public opinion compelled him to resign.
Less: interest income
The factors that can affect the cause of students'study motive are cause and objective cause.
The inclusion of the political dimension of the right to development was crucial, not only by States but nations and peoples as distinct from civil society.
- That corridors of peace be created in conflict zones to bring aid and assistance to women and children.
It is none other than the Korean nation that is responsible for Korea's reunification question.
Printers
38. Mr. Aguilar Zinser (Mexico), speaking on behalf of the Group of Like-Minded Megadiverse Countries, said that the Group was a consultation and cooperation mechanism set up through the Cancun Declaration in February 2002. Its 15 member countries had 70 per cent of the world's biological diversity and 45 per cent of the world's population.
If they take big bets and win, they walk away with the proceeds; if they fail, the government picks up the tab.
Rodney Schmidt of Standard Chartered suggested that if oil prices continued to fall, oil companies could face growing difficulties.
1. Improving livelihoods in an urbanizing world
Work hard is absolutely basic to success.
A. Methods of work
What does she mean by cancelling her performance ? ie Why has she done it?
It concluded that their application was inadmissible ratione materiae.
"You do not know what will come.
The State party argues that the decisions of the Provincial High Court denying the appeal for annulment were not challenged in a timely manner.
UNDP was appealing to the international community for very limited resources for a short time to address the national epidemic.
Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award
The United Nations Children's Fund published the technical report, Child Safety Online: Global Challenges and Strategies, during 2012.
You can disable this behavior if you want the debugger to step into a property or operator.
In February 2000, Antonio Amorim flew out to Australia with the top-flight scientist Miguel Cabral he had at last hired to try to sort out the TCA problem.
And if somebody asks that child , Hey, what does your mommy do?
Hauling the quivering fish aboard, the old man thought it a good omen.
And we have made headway on meeting the physical and rehabilitation needs as well as social and economic needs of survivors.
When attempting to answer the question whether organic products are more expensive than conventional ones in real terms, it must be borne in mind that generally food prices do not internalize environmental and health costs of conventional production, processing and handling methods.
Member States did, however, stress that the Assembly should do more to fully exercise its competencies under Articles 10 to 12 of the Charter, including by examining matters of peace and security, and calling on the Council to take relevant action.
IDB.19/Dec.8 PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND DATE OF THE TWENTIETH SESSION
6 General exchange of views
Say the item is $2 and you may have $50 in change in your pocket, wait for him to call the supervisor over.
On 15 May 2008, the Special Rapporteur met again with a State party representative.
There is a need to intensify these interactions.
Heavy machine guns
Of these, 80 per cent were granted by the United States, Japan and the European Union.
Where justified and possible, clean-up operations in impact zones should be undertaken if there are substantial numbers of radioactive projectiles remaining and where qualified experts deem contamination levels to be unacceptable.
It must be addressed through effective cross-sectoral policies and programmes involving strategic and coordinated partnerships among all relevant stakeholders.
41. Invites Governments, relevant United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, treaty bodies, civil society actors and non-governmental organizations, as well as the private sector, to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur in the fulfilment of his mandate, inter alia, through the submission of comments and suggestions on ways and means of realizing the right to food;
At the beginning of 2001, UNDP and the Territory's Government started a joint national entrepreneurship programme and the Small Enterprise Development Centre.
Over 2,500 individuals stayed together for more than four months in Arta to examine the causes of the Somali conflict, to assess its damaging effects and to explore ways out of the tragedy.
Many in the South East earn ￡70,000 a year for fixing pipes and taps.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean [General Assembly resolution 56/16]
Unhappily, some of those frailties--our need for ever-increasing security among them--are presently maladaptive.
The controller for the Governance and Economic Management Assistance Programme prepared an unaudited financial statement for the last fiscal year, ending 30 June 2006.
The Secretary-General's comprehensive report on strengthening the capacity of the United Nations to manage and sustain peace operations (A/61/858 and Corr.1) presented detailed proposals for achieving that objective.
Hardly anyone would comment Im a bad dancer now whenever my friends and I go clubbing.
General Assembly A. Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/58/760)
Representatives of UNITA-Renovada
It is expected that the incoming President will select, manage and renew the contracts of the staff of the Office in consultation with the Bureau and in accordance with the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations.
It also provided information on the stage reached in preliminary investigations of allegations of torture carried out pursuant to the recommendations.
174. It was also observed that these statements might constitute unilateral acts of State and it was noted that any binding force of such declarations derived not from the treaty itself but from principles of general international law governing unilateral legal acts.
Committee on Space Research international designator:
But winter doesn' t stay with us for a long time, for spring comes again soon.
2. To promote intergenerational solidarity;
Now, the NCAA goes to the college and asks for proof of this player's academic eligibility.
If you have tickets please proceed to center court now.
Monitor and regularly review audit trails for suspicious activities such as a sudden surge in network traffic.
112. The Chairman of CCAQ took note of the margin forecast for 2000.
If the court has failed to provide the necessary protection, then the State party is obliged to take responsibility for this failure.
Care should be taken not to bar prosecution for such acts, and the words “unless the crimes continue after that date” should be added at the end of paragraph 1.
12. Moreover, real concerns of the international community remain, over vertical proliferation of nuclear weapons, transfer to other countries and deployment of nuclear weapons in territories of non-nuclear-weapon States, lowering the threshold of resort to nuclear weapons and the danger of using such inhumane weapons in conventional conflicts and against non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
chapter eight is the third part, as the peroration.
According to the report, African issues remained at the forefront of the Council's agenda, presenting both challenges and opportunities.
But two will continue to pay its guarantee issue debentures the interest and the capital.
[10] New economy entrepreneurs are to be found in all parts of Britain, but the City is a particular beneficiary of the stock market's internet boom.
 7. Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Acknowledging that controls on the legitimate trade in precursor chemicals within national borders will complement the work of existing projects of the International Narcotics Control Board, including Project Prism and Project Cohesion, which monitor the international diversion of precursor chemicals into the manufacture of amphetamine-type stimulants and of heroin and cocaine, respectively,
The no—nuclear—testing barrier codified by the CTBT after decades of efforts has been breached.
There may be exemptions from other taxes as well.
This has proved to be a most positive experience, giving our political forces a fuller appreciation of the role and activities of the United Nations.
Dr Ames told the American Association for Advancement of Science's conference in Boston that studies showed shortages of vitamins and minerals are linked to a host of late-life diseases.
 5. Many of the detailed studies referred to above, prepared by UNCTAD, ESCAP and EBRD, were made available to the Technical Meeting in Ankara (and many of them have been used extensively in the preparation of the present report).
Combres-sous-les-Côtes
6. The official report on the composition of the United Nations Secretariat is submitted annually by the Secretary-General to the General Assembly in accordance with a number of Assembly resolutions, the most recent of which are resolutions 57/305 of 15 April 2003 and 59/266 of 23 December 2004.
More important, he wasn't on her team and was at a similar level at work.
But all these interests of trade are potential, a later-developing country can get interest or not, and the sizes of interests depend on some conditions on practice.
Report of the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review *
Report of the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review
Improving environmental hygiene and reducing the influence of harmful environmental risk factors in relation to human health - these are issues that are regulated by the Law On Epidemiological Safety, which was adopted on December 11, 1997, and which sets out rules on epidemiological safety in Latvia.
Clashes between those field commanders and forces loyal to Abdulwahid Nour continued in April 2010 in the area of Jebel Marra.
67. Actions by the least developed countries and their development partners will be along the following lines:
What about the rest of the people鈥?
ACC decided that UNSECOORD, using training modules which it had already developed, in coordination with UNHCR, would undertake security training as soon as funding was available, initially in the most high-risk duty stations and subsequently at all duty stations.
Since its previous report, the Commission has also uncovered additional elements corroborating the connection between the Hariri attack and the other cases with which links had already been found.
Drinking has not been scientifically proved to stimulate appetite, but too much beer, wine or liquor can impair judgment, causing us to eat more.
For us, such principles as the rule of law, freedom of opinion, freedom of the press and respect for inalienable human rights are essential.
 The staff subscribes to its Staff Union every two years in local currency during election time.
While aware that the draft family code aims at the protection of the dignity of the child, the Committee is concerned that the practice of corporal punishment in the home is socially and legally accepted, particularly for boys.
In 2004, UNFPA developed and launched a comprehensive electronic document and publication repository called DocuShare, based on software from Xerox and customized for UNFPA.
He explained to him his desire to take part in the battle and to inspect the position.
So I think that we need to get out of that syndrome.
10 a.m. - 1 p.m.
III. Objectives and activities of the Centre
This was partly because of government credit - tightening measures to tackle inflation.
Of the 189 countries required to report annual data, 179 (95%) had complied with all their obligations under paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 7 of the Protocol during the period 1986 to 2005.
The rumination on the blood and the filth in his pieces embodied the dispersion in later 1981s'literature to the ideal concept of humanity in tradition.
At CTU, Nina learns that Teri and Kimberly are missing.
 Because of our traditional relationship with the 21.3 million people on Taiwan, we have come to respect their economic stability and progress.
He must think no one else is around so we can bond.
The police, for example, fail in their duty to prevent when they refuse to respond to calls of ongoing mob justice, or to take victims for medical treatment.
Decisions adopted by the Chemical Review Committee at its tenth meeting
The passer-by was knocked into a dark room and robbed of all money.
And, in practice, it is likely to become more of a target than a ceiling, thereby removing room for countercyclical fiscal policy during a future downturn.
He looked down and saw the sky.
Data Management Officer
With their capacity to fly over sensitive and remote areas for many hours, the unmanned aerial vehicles would deter hostile action.
Dr. Sylvia Earle wants you to stop eating fish.
Waving, the women turned the corner and passed out of sight.
And it means a readiness to give and take.
Socrates
and Add. 1 Climate Change.
"The people of Hungary are famous as the 'people for inventions'. The country has an edge in technology and talent.
The other two were allegedly thrown violently to the ground, beaten and threatened with decapitation.
At the age of nineteen, during the Korean War, I was in the Marine Corps and in Japan
On 29 June 2004, the Ministry of Social Protection upheld the contested decision.
The Committee recommends that the State party review its legislation, especially that relating to the legal ages for marriage and criminal responsibility, in order to bring it into conformity with the provisions of the Convention.
  Police believe that Shigeo Kodama, 54, amassed the 3,977 panties, 355 bras and 10 pairs of stockings over a six-year period.
Even with a design pattern as straightforward as the how-to collection, authors can forget about or misunderstand the pattern.
□ face mask □ boots/shoes □ long-sleeve shirt □ long pants
The Inspectors share this view and encourage such an initiative.
(a) The formal abolition of the death penalty;
Generic memorandums of understanding models for government-provided personnel and for non-governmental organizations are also in the process of being finalized.
Identifying individual players is one thing; enhancing motivation and cooperative endeavour is another.
Second meeting of the States parties to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families [General Assembly resolution 57/218]b
MINURSO
Undesignated activities
Shaoguan
Our capital is Bejing.
113. The Risk and Compliance Section is a newly established entity responsible for identifying, measuring and managing all aspects of risks to which the Fund is exposed.
" If I were a boy again, I would school myself to say no more often
I couldn't understand why this raw diet was so important, and I'd get offended when he wouldn't taste what I cooked, " she says.
We welcome the entry into force, on 21 March 2009, of the Treaty on a Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone in Central Asia, which established a nuclear-weapon-free zone in that region.
Recalling further the relevant United Nations rules and guidelines for the treatment of children in contact with the justice system, such as the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Administration of Juvenile Justice (the Beijing Rules), the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of their Liberty (the Havana Rules), the United Nations Guidelines for the Prevention of Juvenile Delinquency (the Riyadh Guidelines), the Guidelines for Action on Children in the Criminal Justice System (the Vienna Guidelines), the Guidelines on Justice in Matters involving Child Victims and Witnesses of Crime, the Guidelines for the Appropriate Use and Conditions of Alternative Care for Children, the United Nations Principles and Guidelines on Access to Legal Aid in Criminal Justice Systems, the United Nations Rules for the Treatment of Women Prisoners and Non-custodial Measures for Women Offenders (the Bangkok Rules) and the basic principles on the use of restorative justice programmes in criminal matters, and taking note of the guidance note of the Secretary-General on the approach of the United Nations to justice for children of September 2008,
April - May 2007
Mandate: GA res. 74 (1946)
7. Call upon all Governments and individuals to assess the way in which courts, ombudspersons, national human rights commissions or related bodies address the element of discrimination when examining allegations of torture or ill-treatment, in order to improve the effectiveness of these mechanisms in enabling individuals to raise concerns about any such allegations based on discrimination or unequal access to justice;
For six years the road of innovation Yangpu go unwavering.
Shetland Islands, Scotland, U.K. A lighthouse by the Eshaness Cliffs is shown in this undated picture of the Shetland Islands, which tied with two other destinations for third place among 111 islands rated on their preservation record and forecast.
A large network, carefully cultivated, ties one into not just a body of people but a body of relationships, and those relationships are more than just the sum of their parts.
"Welcoming the outcome of the Durban Review Conference convened in Geneva from 20 to 24 April 2009 within the framework of the General Assembly in accordance with its resolution 61/149 of 19 December 2006,
Martinez, Jean-Claude
Game you control a deck of cards are not so that, sometimes leaflet is enough to kill!
6.2 The State party further refers to the determination by the European Court of Human Rights, in the same decision, that article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights "does not require jurors to give reasons for their decision and that article 6 does not preclude a defendant from being tried by a lay jury, even where reasons are not given for the verdict.
36. According to the Financial Secretary, the initiatives of OECD, the European Union and FATF related to harmful tax practices and money-laundering can be expected to continue in the future.
Samoa
To unsubscribe, please enter your e - mail address for confirmation.
 In this respect, he wishes to refer to Glen Ashby in Trinidad and Tobago, who was executed 4 years and 11 months after having been sentenced to death, while appeal procedures were still pending.
Department of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia
Other matters
1st Xinjiang Agriculture Construction Division
Our company exports industry products, chemical engineer products, medicine, etc.
United Republic of Tanzania 175
Dr. Keith Roach is here, he is an associate professor of clinical medicine and an internist at New York Presbyterian Weill Cornell Medical Centre.
Textile workers
The 440 students enrolled in the master's degree course will learn how to write flirtatious text messages and emails, impress people at parties and cope with rejection.
Once the fashionable disease occurs, also dyes mutually easy in the child easily, creates popularly.
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is supporting the Working Group's regional approach to minority issues by organizing subregional meetings.
The new century and new economy are bound to bring to people new hope.
15. On 28 October 2003, the Special Rapporteur and three other experts of the Commission on Human Rights expressed their concern over the post-election situation in Azerbaijan, in particular over the reported use of attacks against, and arrests of demonstrators, in particular opposition leaders and journalists, by security forces and of harassment of some election observers and polling station officials.
I would like to request that the work conducted by the CTC be reviewed continuously and seriously with a view to verifying whether the Committee is effectively fulfilling its goals.
They considered existing arrangements to be clearly inadequate and noted that this constrained their ability to adopt and implement the type of procedural and other improvements in treaty body functioning which had consistently been endorsed by the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
Information Economy Report 2006
Those improvements in the ozone layer, the report said, had occurred during a period in which stratospheric halogen abundances had reached their peak and begun to decline, a fact that demonstrated the success of the Montreal Protocol in controlling the global production and consumption of ozone-depleting substances.
6. Right to work and to just and favourable conditions of work
In that connection, this year Zambia has recorded a bumper harvest of maize, which is our main food crop.
(d) Contingent liabilities described in Note 8 shall be met to the extent necessary from operating reserves of the Programme.
74. Minority groups living in border Regions enjoy a special form of autonomy in compliance with the Constitution and Law 482/ 1999 on the protection of historical linguistic minorities.
29 October 1997
The project, first implemented with money from the Peacebuilding Fund in 2008, has evolved into a core component of the Liberia peacebuilding programme and is setting standards for awareness-raising work in communities, as well as linking policy discussions on paralegal assistance with the reality in rural communities.
On more than one occasion, the Panel requested further supporting documentation, such as invoices, agreements and proof of payment for this claim element.
While the Treaty was silent on the question of whether compliant States had the right to develop the full nuclear cycle, it did provide for discretion on the part of supplier States regarding the nature of their cooperation with other States.
The European Union delegation had noted its intention to refer the matter to the General Conference.
It is time (about time, high time) thatIt is time that children should go to bed.
Instead of Super Saturday, we will call it Insanity's Super Saturday.
France was committed to regular dialogues between the G20 and nonmembers in the run-up to the Group's meetings.
The U.S. and its allies believe Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon.
The medical standard on obstetrics and gynaecology includes standards for safe abortion as well.
The poor girl was fainting with hunger.
Report of the Secretary-General on strengthening international cooperation in preventing and combating trafficking in persons and protecting victims of such trafficking
The Permanent Mission of the State of Bahrain to the United Nations Office at Geneva presents its compliments to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and has the honour to enclose herewith a comprehensive statement concerning the position of the Government of Bahrain regarding the Opinion No. 15/1997 adopted by the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention on 19 September 1997.
 Some sleep on the floor and the great majority on thin straw mattresses without sheets or pillowcases.
i don't like... muffin crumbs.
The court noted that, in any event, the applicant, as a creditor, was not a party that could seek recognition under the Model Law and that it was not the competent court for the purpose of performing functions under the Model Law, not being the court designated under the equivalent of article 10 MLCBI.
The project has clear objectives, such as helping to strengthen the capacity of trade union representatives, both male and female, to produce action plans and strategies to remove the persisting discriminatory arrangements and thus to secure sustained progress, in the workplace itself and through workers' collectives, towards effective equality of opportunities and parity of treatment in employment.
Perhaps restaurants have changed their names, and the old bookshop where he spent much of his time no longer exists, but the streets, parks and student quarters are still there.
(Philippines)
Ecuador 110 - 114 26
Notes
A participant proposed that the number of seats in the Legislative Council should be increased in the light of population growth.
Witch's Love
The Heads of State and Government adopted a mechanism designed to ensure strict compliance with the peace plan by all Liberian parties.
"The Security Council notes with appreciation the report of the Secretary-General of 7 July 1994 (S/1994/803) on the United Nations Operation in Mozambique (ONUMOZ).
Isabella wanted the nation's spiritual life to be as free from dubiety as its legal system.
It is intelligent to grow.
In order to retain the credibility of the disarmament machinery, we need to deliver some sort of agreement on recommendations based on the two agenda items of the Disarmament Commission during its current cycle.
By contrast, America’s two big parties still cling to their core religious beliefs as if nothing has changed.
Those requirements are shown in annex II.B.
(a) Al Samoud Factory.
10. The Governing Council approved the work plan for 2014.
52. Following Dr. MacShane's statement, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Spain, Ana Palacio, was quoted in the Spanish press as follows: "The negotiations over Gibraltar are in the same situation where they were a month ago.
You have to be humbled by this.
It can be stored or transient.
4 http://www.un.org/Depts/dda/DDAHome.htm.
Outside the wind was so I put my whole body shrinks up, teeth, but keep tremble.
Côte d'Ivoire
With the financial and technical support provided by BNUB, the Government established a network to inform the population in all remote areas about transitional justice issues.
In the context of the land policy initiative, UN-Habitat has been developing a framework and guidelines to ensure that land policies provide for equitable access to land, especially for vulnerable groups.
Under the current matrimonial regime, apart from the contribution of the spouses in the home expenditures through values or services, there are provisions for the juridical situation of the estates whose possession by the spouses is prior or posterior to marriage, there are definitions on the power for administration of those estates by the spouse, the power for running into debts during marriage, the responsibility for their payment, etc...
B. Contempt cases
Uh, the list price is $6,500 U.S. Youre a valued customer, so Ill give you a 10% discount.
5. Endorses the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;3
A. Labour
Education has been completely free in every educational institution since March 1959 by the Cabinet Decision on abolishing tuition fees.
The moment Dr Wang appeared on the platform, the audience all stood up and clapped warmly.
Draft article C1, paragraph 1 (b), (in A/65/10, footnote 1264) gave a person facing expulsion the right to challenge the expulsion or the expulsion decision.
What is gratifying to see in the Secretary-General's report is the distance Africa has travelled, from mere slogans and posturing to concrete plans, structures and financial details.
I. Interdependence and global economic issues
13. Information was received regarding the arrests of 14 persons in connection with the National Convention.
If any one of the above conditions is not satisfied, the remuneration will be subject to taxation on the Mainland.
Mimic image comprises of radar echoes and ARPA marks.
Romania
It's our chance to be together.
Other authors maintain, on different premises, that member States are responsible if the organization fails to comply with its obligation to make reparation for an internationally wrongful act.
Overall, there will be a much stronger emphasis on strategic partnerships with United Nations organizations as well as with NGOs and international NGOs operating in HDI areas.
In this very building, in 1990, we held what was described as the World Summit for Children.
In response, a few African countries have raised duties on rice, violating a key tenet of neo-liberal trade philosophy.
Our country has fully complied with the Treaty and will continue to do so.
One Two That's bloody marvelous,Cutter.
Measures for the management of non-budgetary funds shall be formulated separately by the State Council.
Wipe your feet well, or you will track up my new rug.
Additionally, the standard of accommodation for the air travel of treaty body experts should be reviewed and brought into line with the rules governing the travel of staff members of the United Nations at the level below Assistant Secretary-General, while daily subsistence allowance should continue to be provided at the level of Assistant Secretary-General. However, consistency in the provision of the standard of accommodation in the United Nations system cannot be achieved through the intergovernmental process.
This would allow the island nations to compete more effectively for seats on major bodies.
Hong Kong joined the Scheme as a designated importing and exporting authority of the People's Republic of China in order to safeguard Hong Kong's interest as a trading hub of diamonds in this region.
2. The Panel reviewed the step-by-step approach to nuclear disarmament and the building block approach.
Deputy Director, Trade Point Beijing
Henry: I don't want to miss any open goal!
22. This exploration work was reportedly carried out by the research vessel Dayang Yihao, which undertook a 34-day cruise to conduct a survey of an area of approximately 770 square kilometres located in the eastern COMRA contract area.
UNIFEM has provided its expertise on the implications of gender budgeting in order to fulfil the gender mainstreaming mandates within the United Nations system.
The school already has 24 specialist masters programmes and Mario Levis, professor of finance and associate dean of MSc programmes at Cass, anticipates these specialist programmes will continue to be 鈥渁 major factor in maintaining our competitiveness in the future, partly because growth is predicted in the masters market鈥?
(Signed) Soumaila Cisse Chairman of the Commission
But, since continuallylife part of - studies also is unable to conquer, what but also can make? 8.
Colonel Harold Mwakio Tangai (Kenya), who has been the Chief Military Observer of UNMOP since 15 November 1996, will relinquish his post and return to the service of his Government on 15 July 1998.
Project Manager 368
"But you don't intend to try till the proper moment?
By then they will have paid between SKr 8 billion and SKr 10 billion for their 40 % stake.
Any leader who isand easily influenced by shifts in popular opinion will accomplish little.
We may recall that the Monterrey Consensus on financing for development offered a lot of hope to the developing world for its integration into the global economy.
As wide as a jumbo jet but weighing just 1, 500 kg, it will be piloted by Swiss adventurer Bertrand Piccard.
Considering:
(b) Liability, a second form of accountability, sees individual identity rooted in more-formalized expectations developed through rules, contracts, legislation and similar relationships based on legalistic standing;
According to the State party, no person has been executed by the Government of Pakistan under any of these provisions.
It was regrettable that the 2005 NPT Review Conference concluded without adopting a consensus document on substantive issues, and that the Outcome Document of the 2005 World Summit found no consensus on nuclear disarmament or non-proliferation.
10.2(c)
 (b) Response rates to invitations to bid should be closely monitored by management to identify the major reasons for non-response and to correct any recurring problems (para. 193);
Tōbu-Nerima Station
2. Capital costs
That fact had inevitably led to suspicion and controversy.
Finally, there is a need to improve the adjudication of such cases.
The presence and participation of non-Council members in private meetings should take place in accordance with the provisional rules of procedure.
Article 9 applies mainly, albeit not exclusively, to criminal proceedings, and its interpretation by the Committee is less broad than the author's complaint implies.
This matter was communicated to the Secretary of the Committee and a letter was subsequently sent by the Chairman of the Committee to the African Union.
The Programme Planning and Budget Division has continued to monitor expenditures by section and responsibility centre, so as to ensure compliance with the approved allotment levels.
Singapore: Credentials from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Singapore, signed on 2 November 2000, stating that Mr. Kishore Mahbubani has been appointed representative of Singapore on the Security Council, Miss Christine Lee Geok Kim and Miss Tan Yee Woan deputy representatives and Mr. Zainal Arif Mantaha, Brigadier-General Yap Ong Heng, Mr. Umej Singh Bhatia, Miss Vanessa Chan Yuen Ying, Ms. Foo Chi Hsia, Mr. Gerard Ho Wei Hong and Miss Lynette Long Li Shen alternate representatives.
Working paper submitted by Canada
 (b) To establish targets derived from those objectives for the contributions of the different options to the supply of energy services, for different points of time in the future and in accordance with its national socio-economic development priorities;
Report of the Secretary-General
Water coal slurry is a kind of new type clean fuel.
The Section enjoyed the cooperation of several Member States, which issued temporary travel documents enabling witnesses to travel to and from Arusha, as well as the cooperation of the offices of UNHCR in a number of African countries, which assisted in facilitating the movement and protection of witnesses.
Some staff members inquired about "accountability."
When my ship comes in, Ill take a trop to Casablanca
not one church shared with me in the matter of giving and receiving, except you only.
Mr. MANSOUR (Tunisia) said that it was important to emphasize both the role played by the Security Council in the maintenance of international peace and security and the distinction between the political role of the Council and the legal role of the Court.
Entwined in this tragic embrace I fear and bemourn to depart.
Have you ever flirted with a boss in the hopes of advancing your career?
8:14 Then he brought me to the door of the gate of the LORD's house which was toward the north; and, behold, there sat women weeping for Tammuz
Wedge
We believe that the Myanmar issue will have to be resolved by the Myanmar government and its people in the end.
Forbidden fruit is sweet.
The deprivation of liberty of Mr. Htin Kyaw is arbitrary, being in contravention of articles 9, 19 and 20 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and falls under category II of the categories applicable to the consideration of the cases submitted to the Working Group.
Ambassadors to Cambodia
21. Rejustification of the D-1-level post of Director of the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General (A/59/748, para. 10 (a)).
The farmer noticed no improvement because he suspects a more significant source of pollution is a much larger mill nearby.
The country task force anticipates that more reports will be gathered when intensified advocacy on the monitoring and reporting mechanism is done, and secured access ensured in restricted areas.
Communicable Diseases Watch Volume 6, Number 5, Week 8 - 9 (February 15 - 28, 2009)
' she said.
□ What is the mechanism for Inter-agency co-operation amongst the authorities responsible for narcotics control, financial tracking and security in particular with regard to border control?
The paper introduces the principle, structure and used effects of the mercury waste gas purification unit.
Peru
It also maintains a database on projects in the Bank's portfolio of operations that are intended to benefit indigenous peoples.
This means changes in Israeli military policy, travel restrictions, and political posturing, and an end to one-upmanship by both sides.
United Nations funds and programmes and specialized agencies should be requested to include an assessment of the steps taken to translate gender mainstreaming into country programmes and projects in their reports to the Council at its operational activities segment.
"To leave you?
How to evaluate the fusion effect is a very important part in the image fusion.
Outreach and evaluation components for each assessment.
5. Emphasizes also the need for all organizations of the United Nations development system to enhance their coordination in accordance with their mandates, mission statements and the relevant decisions of their governing bodies, in order to avoid overlapping and duplication and to enhance their complementarity;
The “Manual for household food security and gender issues in project design” will become obligatory for use in the design, implementation and evaluation of projects.
Recalling also its resolution 2006/46 of 28 July 2006 on the follow-up to the World Summit and review of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and the mandate that it gave to the Commission,
I could see from her expression that his comments had hit home.
Decisive action to deal with the problem of non-performing loans and to restructure corporate balance sheets requires changes in the socio-economic milieu as much as changes in the law and the availability of additional financial resources.
(d) Timetable for the study;
B. Draft decisions A/C.5/54/L.20, A/C.5/54/L.21 and A/C.5/54/L.22
They had blocked Spanish fishing by dumping concrete blocks and not kept their commitments in counter-smuggling efforts, forcing Spain to step up its own security in the region, pursuant to domestic and European legislation.
The statistics were given in parenthesis.
UNDP has proposed establishing a joint global multi-donor trust fund that would pool resources without earmarking for specific countries or activities; one advantage of this would be that annual donations could be spent over more than one financial year.
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 58th, 59th, 67th and 68th meetings, on 7, 8 and 25 May 2001.
At the same time, we continue to work our United Nations humanitarian partners and the African Union on the review of UNAMID uniformed personnel, which was also requested by the Council.
If a woman must seek permission from the administration to continue to serve as pharmacy manager five years before men, such a state of affairs has to be regarded as a breach of the Republic of Poland's legal-international commitments stemming from the ratification of the Convention.
29. The general ledger of UNOPS is now fully functional and populated with data from source modules and systems.
China Unicom, the smaller of the mainland鈥檚 two cellular phone networks, added 2.5 per cent to HK$14.45 and bigger rival China Mobile rose 0.7 per cent to HK$107.50.
The Government of Thailand provided logistical support for this meeting.
List of U.S. states by American Human Development Index
He asserts that there is no law which ensures that his legitimate family interests or those of the members of his family would be addressed in deciding on his deportation from Canada; there is only the vague and general discretion given to the Immigration Appeal Division to consider all the circumstances of the case, which is said to be insufficient to ensure a balancing of his family interests and other legitimate State aims.
Israel must also stop the illegal construction of the separation wall in the West Bank.
32. Table 7 below provides examples of Southern institutions and South-South funding mechanisms, together with their area/sector of focus in South-South cooperation.
The Ad Hoc Committee completed its work on 1 October 2003 and the United Nations Convention against Corruption was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 58/4 of 31 October 2003 and opened for signature from 9 to 11 December 2003 in Merida, Mexico.
The transformation of society was still being hampered by the weakness of Haiti’s institutions, as reflected in the deplorable situation of women’s rights and violations of the rights of the child.
In this regard, it takes into account the specific needs of particular groups, including children, women, older persons, indigenous peoples, afro-descendants, migrants, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender persons, persons with disabilities, persons deprived of their liberty, and human rights defenders.
(ii) Parliamentary documentation: seven reports to the Intergovernmental Committee of Experts on: economic and social conditions in West Africa (2); the status of implementation of the medium-term strategic plan of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Union économique et monétaire ouest-africaine (UEMOA) and the economic programme and assessment of their contribution to economic partnership arrangements; progress and prospects in the attainment of the United Nations Millennium Development Goals and the implementation of NEPAD in West Africa; ECA activities in the subregion (2); and policy convergence criteria and systems in West Africa;
He thinks it could have many different uses.
2011-033F
We have collaborated with the United Nations system through its agencies, including the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Development Fund for Women and the United Nations Population Fund, to mention just a few.
Meanwhile, Microsoft, Yahoo, and AOL have been struggling to keep pace.
These products are essential for the operating rooms of these hospitals.
(c) Strengthened capacity of ESCAP member States to manage social risks and vulnerabilities and implement effective social protection and gender mainstreaming programmes, particularly for the most vulnerable groups in society
94. UNCTAD should strengthen its comprehensive work on services, trade and development by:
We call on all Member States to contribute to that endeavour.
The intellectual property right consists of fundamental, dynamical, critical and protective factors.
B. Cash position
Please provide a screen name.
Morgan said he met a venture capitalist in the elevator at a conference who invited him to submit a business plan.
UNEP/FAO/RC/COP.7/7/Add.1
I heard Sara got married last week.
They expressed concern about the reliance on external consultants with regard to sustainability and skill sets of staff.
The calculation methods of flood-control ability in actual dam system units and distinguish of revising security of flood-control were also introduced.
In that connection, he commended the efforts undertaken by the Committee with a view to adopting a general counter-terrorism convention.
• Validated methodology used for acquiring and analysing evidence.
At the time of the story, police were looking for a man with facial, neck, and possibly wrist burns.
I don't truly know what's gonna happen when the lights go out Carolyn.
Võ Nguyên Giáp
The Panel's focal point within the Government stressed that, should the expert so desire, he could easily extend his visa, before its expiration, for another two months while in Khartoum.
This is the estimation in which you hold me!
And what they were saying on this occasion was that our competitors had to build new buildings for the new technology.
This Article requires that each State Party openly and regularly shares information on the following:
Public health, medical care, law enforcement, transportation, environment.
With the change of government in November 2013, the Centre was placed under the authority of the Minister of Education and Family Policy.
Date of ratification, accession or succession
Most people outside China thought the country was not trustworthy at all.
Energy services can be delivered on a sustainable basis by small / mid-sized local enterprise and multiple partnerships.
Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies.
The coalition that wished to block the process had included States that were not party to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, Parties that had not participated in previous meetings related to the Convention and Parties that had not participated in a single meeting of the Group of Governmental Experts.
CEO (Heritage Conservation) 1
Moreover, in some developing countries, particularly those lacking adequate resource endowments such as the small island developing States, tourism may be the only development alternative available in the short to medium term.
Another proposal was that paragraphs 2 and 3 should be modified so as to highlight the fact that extradition or exile imposed by a judicial authority as an alternative to prison were the only lawful measures by means of which nationals could be removed.
Every war needs an army.
Rowing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's eight
While cities are key contributors towards unsustainable development of countries of the region, solutions to urban problems will also come from cities because they are centres of knowledge and technological and process innovations.
A revised annex XII B is attached.
19. The Committee notes the Cook Islands' recognition of the important role played by non-governmental organizations, which assist it in its efforts to eliminate all forms of discrimination against women.
69. There are several explanations for this persistent gap in literacy.
(a) Letter from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly (A/61/509)
The composition, tasks and operating procedure of the Joint Command of the Collective Peace-keeping Forces are defined in the Statute of the Joint Command of the Collective Peace-keeping Forces (annex 1) [see appendix III].
Many of these deposits consist of a black smoker complex on top of a sulphide mound which is commonly underlain by a stockwork zone.
From this point of view, paragraph 2 of the OIC language seeks to avoid any ambiguity that might be created by the possible exclusion of "peoples and individuals" and of "foreign occupation" from the text of the paragraph.
16. An armed terrorist group used containers and burning tyres to block the road in Bayt Saham, Aqraba, and Hujayrah.
Zimbabwe signed the African Union Convention for the Protection and Assistance of Internally Displaced Persons in Africa in October 2009.
To fill the hole created by those losses, GMAC has been shedding assets.
(a) The principle of equitable geographical distribution;
The man was initially hospitalised with dermatitis exfoliative and received prednisone .
To make handicrafts from used materials such as aluminum cans, paper, and plastic bags.
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2001/23.
Xenosaga
The possibility exists that in a number of cases, the remains of some missing POWs might not be found in the foreseeable future.
The secretariat said that it was important to bring together the various intergovernmental and inter-agency mechanisms, including the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development, the High-level Panel, and the Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB), including the High-level Committee on Programmes and the High-level Committee on Management.
Tuesday, 6 December 2011, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB);
11. Mr. Strohal (Austria), speaking on behalf of the European Union, said that the European Union was prepared to help the Cambodian people build a stable and democratic future.
19.56 (c) (ii)
A Party may acquire ERUs under Article 6 at an earlier date if the enforcement branch of the Compliance [Committee] has notified the secretariat that it is not proceeding with any question of implementation relating to the requirements in paragraph , subparagraphs through , [] and [] [and paragraph ];
240.22 The Ministers condemned the violence and terrorism in the Syrian Arab Republic;
His parents were anxious about his safety.
"It's your grandmother you have to thank for all this, you know," she said.
Having carefully interviewed "Caesar" and evaluated his evidence in light of the exhibits available to it, the inquiry team found him, for its part, to be a truthful and credible witness.
6.2 The core functions of the Division are as follows:
Section 7 guarantees the right to a fair trial, the right to a full answer and defence and the right to disclosure.
 The key issues, in all cases, remained the conflicts and burdens created by reproductive roles.
(f) Ensure that persons with disabilities are able to access life and health insurance without discrimination on the basis of disability.
(d) With regard to the submission of the case to competent authorities, some conventions require that a request to this effect be made by the State seeking extradition.
In particular, ideas were put forward to suggest that UNIDIR could conduct a comprehensive study on cyberwarfare/cybersecurity and its impact on international security.
Community participation, especially that of Mbya male midwives and traditional women midwives, is being incorporated into the study.
Rule 6.31
Intermediate in production of dicofol
By its decision 56/468 of 1 May 2002, the General Assembly decided to hold an eight-day general debate at its fifty-seventh session, from Thursday, 12 September, to Sunday, 15 September, and from Tuesday, 17 September, to Friday, 20 September 2002, and that this arrangement would in no way create a precedent for future sessions.
6.1. Number of registered sexual crimes
Pregnant women are counselled during clinic visits on the importance of nutritional meals and the effect of using unauthorized herbs to the unborn child and mother.
Letter dated 15 August 2008 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council
Corrigendum
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Ministry of the People's Power for Education (2004), Liceos Bolivarianos: Adolescencia y juventud para el Desarrollo Endógamo y Soberano.
You can't win this, Dillon.
1) I think the most important thing is the interest in the job
76. The anti-globalization movement has been described, for instance, as multigenerational, multi-class and multi-issue.
The democratization, transparency and openness of the Security Council should therefore be at the heart of the Council's reform.
Deputy of the National Constituent Assembly from 1962 to 1964 which provided Algeria with its first constitution.
Monday, 7 November 2005, from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room E.
Delegation of authority or duties to a subordinate or substitute.
The Committee notes with concern that the State party has not made sufficient progress in reviewing and repealing discriminatory provisions against women still existing in national legislation.
General Assembly
It also helps optimise the braking force , left to right, during cornering.
The OIC Ambassadorial Group expressed alarm at recent attacks carried out by the occupying forces, including extremist settlers, against Palestinian worshippers at Al-Haram Al-Sharif compound in Occupied East Jerusalem, and condemned Israel's continuing provocations, aggression and illegal actions against the City's holy sites and against its Palestinian inhabitants.
You should study not only the benefits but also the terms and limitations of an insurance agreement that appears best suited to your needs.
Only yesterday the Commission on Human Rights in Geneva adopted a decisive resolution condemning the Israeli forces and calling for the establishment of a commission of inquiry to look into the violation of the human rights of the Palestinian people.
and bring my baby back bring my baby back to me
Human Rights Council
The adoption of several organic laws relating to the mandate of key Timorese institutions, including a statute on public defenders and an organic law on the Office of the Inspector-General, remains outstanding however.
All the Barbados participants were trained in how to obtain the free VISITview software, as well as how to establish similar dual location lectures.
28. The Advisory Committee was informed that the actual vacancy rates for approved posts in UNOCI in the current period, as at 29 February 2012, stood at 15.5 per cent for international staff, 23.2 for National Professional Officer posts and 5.5 per cent for national General Service posts, while the actual vacancy rates for temporary positions stood at 55 per cent for international staff, 67 per cent for national staff and 21.2 per cent for United Nations Volunteers.
A broad banded system is characterized by a limited number of wider bands or ranges and a bigger salary overlap between bands.
Summary record of the 26th meeting
The waitress brings me a spoon and a knife, but no fork.
Leon is a professional cleaner, but I can see a lot of a sensitive man in him. He loves his potted plants.
India
At its 5891st meeting, on 13 May 2008, the Security Council decided to invite the representative of the Sudan to participate, without vote, in the discussion of the item entitled "Reports of the SecretaryGeneral on the Sudan".
Finnish phone giant Nokia sued Apple for patent infringement in October 2009, alleging it had stolen patented technology.
2001/7. The right to food, and the World Food Summit: five years later 25
The Working Group agreed to further consider the drafting of the alternative proposal, based on the text contained in A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.137 and A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.137/Add.1.
African Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone Treaty
It is not wise to have all your egg in one basket.
The provisional annotated agen-da and organization of work are contained in document E/ ICEF/2001/2.
42. Transparent bidding and contracting processes and public access to public finance information are key elements of good governance practices.
invulnerable to fear or intimidation.
Since the beginning of 2000, the benefit is paid from the municipal budget.
Backward trajectory map at 8 A.M. 30 Apr 2009
The potential economic advantages of the LAMV are worth mentioning.
In February 2004, a seminar on the right to fair trial was held for judges in Ramallah.
It could even be concluded that, from an operational perspective, the timely payment of contributions was a more important factor than the exchange rate issue.
Great,great,great.Come on in.
People who like to find fault, even in paradise he can find the error.
The skills drain is hitting many developing countries hard, especially in sub-Saharan Africa.
As for extradition, San Marino signed bilateral treaties with Belgium (Treaty of 15 June 1903), France (Treaty of 30 April 1926), Italy (1939 Treaty), United Kingdom (Treaty of 10 October 1899), the Netherlands (Treaty of 7 November 1902) and USA (Treaty of 10 January 1906).
The time at Greenwich -- as measured by the sun -- is called Universal Time.
Each spouse has the rights to use matrimonial property in accordance with the requirements of the family.
UNIDO Staff Pension Committee (continued) )
Over here The Danish know how to keep on despite the weather.
The boy brought a lot of trouble to his parents.
354. The Representative stated that he took to heart the active participation by everyone in the universal periodic review and thanked the secretariat of OHCHR for its support, the members of the troika who had played a helpful part in the process, all Member States for their recommendations and civil society.
Mr Ma said that China, mainly through the use of coal, was able to meet about 90 per cent of its own energy needs 鈥?20 per cent higher than the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development average and 30 per cent more than the US.
In view of the complexity of the Convention, the workshop had selected a single topic to which everyone could relate and had included a training event for the disability community and a larger community meeting with political leaders on the topic of political participation of persons with disabilities in Canada.
The following three States parties from the Group of Western European and Other States reported on the implementation of the Convention in the reporting period from 1 December 2007 to 14 August 2009: Australia, Greece and Malta.
4. Other business;
His salary is treble mine.
Mr. Al-Sulaiti (Qatar) (spoke in Arabic): The State of Qatar attaches great importance to issues relating to the family.
Similarly, the court stated that the author's request to additionally question certain witnesses would be dealt with at a later stage of the examination of the case.
Furthermore, the nexus between illicit drugs and criminal activities was a matter of grave concern.
Replies received from Member States
Frequency distributions may be looked at in two ways.
Switzerland
The request for the establishment of the legal Register of Damage by the International Court of Justice in order to record damage to all natural or legal persons, as referred to in paragraphs 152 and 153 of the advisory opinion, reflects the conviction of its independent judges, whose integrity and high professional competence are well proven, that the construction of the wall is illegal and should be stopped, and the wall itself dismantled.
It is agreed that the profile of the United Nations system representative in any country should be drawn in line with specific evolving needs of the country.
Since then, regional and international partners have helped solidify Afghanistan's progress.
MTP Medium-Term Plan
71. Substantial progress has been made by Commonwealth, State and Territory Governments, and industry bodies to address public concerns about the portrayal of violence in the electronic media.
Industry: Kill cockroach supplies; Rodenticide products; Drive fly supplies; Moth supplies; Other insect terminator chemicals;
Certain political crimes were abolished in the State party legislation, however persons sentenced for such crimes before their abolition are still serving prison sentences, including long ones.
The updated information indicated that the majority of Parties operating under Article 5 had achieved the 2002 national freeze.
Evaluations under consideration include: (a) the second phase of the evaluation of the implementation of the Paris Declaration; (b) at least one major joint evaluation of the humanitarian sector, and continued work on inter-agency real-time evaluation; and (c) support to the evaluation of the "Delivering as One" pilots, if requested.
While encouraging leadership for children by individuals, the monetary benefits of the Award can be used to further relevant activities, whether training, experience exchange or direct programme activity.
The Fifth Committee will hold informal consultations (closed) on Friday, 3 December 2010, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 5 (NLB).
 By providing information on alternative product and life-style choices and their benefits, opinion-forming measures can play an important role in encouraging sustainable consumption patterns.
33. Most major companies, and their leading industry associations, participated readily in the consultations, often providing extensive answers and in many cases offering continued support to any further efforts the Security Council or the Committee might undertake.
300. In 1948 universal suffrage, i.e. women's right to vote and stand for election, was introduced.
"Recognizing the ongoing intergovernmental consultation process on the recommendations of the High-level Panel on United Nations System-wide Coherence in the areas of development, humanitarian assistance and the environment, including those on gender equality and women's empowerment,
10.Ladies and gentlemen, it is my great pleasure to present to you the great British lawyer, Mr. Smith.
II. DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
Second sessional period in 2008: from 1 to 12 December
(3) Add high value-added production lines so as to increase the proportion of high grade products in our production volume.
2. Security Council mission
Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime. New York, 15 November 2000
Carry the cup carefully to the tea table; it's so full that it might spill over.
10. The States Parties have developed innovative mechanisms to assist them in the pursuit of their aims and they have shown great flexibility in making adjustments to this machinery to ensure that it matches evolving needs.
39. The Special Rapporteur notes that freedom of expression is the manifestation of cultures, cultural diversity, religion and ideologies.
No Republican voted for Obama’s health-care legislation, even though it was modeled on schemes backed by some Republican officials and prominent think tanks.
They shall be eligible for re-election.
:: Automation of the accounting processes, such as those for recording of assessment receipts and maintenance of contributions records, and automated travel claims
It also decided that, as a transitional measure, the period of office of members of the Advisory Committee ending in March 2012 would be exceptionally extended until 30 September 2012.
If it is deemed necessary to reflect the recommendations of the medium-term strategic and institutional plan to align it with the proposals in the present report, the provisions of resolution 58/269 are expected to prevail.
The book fails, though, to explain why Thompson was so fascinating.
You know what? I think he's interesting.
An increasing number of China's rich are snapping up properties overseas.
Thirty per cent of all wage employment is reserved for women.
However it is notable that different legal bases exist for assessing whether more than one claim against a State amounts to "concurrent proceedings".
?Airline Services  Types of Air Ticket ?
The Committee stresses the importance of extrabudgetary contributions and the encouraging increase in sponsorship by some States and organizations for the participation of the experts.
48. In accordance with rule 44 of the rules of procedure, the Conference established a Negotiating Group.
If they fail to generate new ideas and devise novel approaches, their problems will only multiply further.
The 68 departmental commissions were not established as at 30 June 2007
Educational mainstreaming was to be given priority, and a budget line existed to increase the percentages of children with disabilities enrolled in regular primary education.
The Convention sets the legal order and the framework; it is both comprehensive and integrated, and provides for a sound and balanced basis for national, regional and global efforts.
The Committee is also concerned at the fact that the revised draft National Gender Policy has not yet been adopted.
1 June 2000 (guilty plea)
153. Delegations welcomed the achievements and progress highlighted in the annual report of the Executive Director.
Field as well as headquarters Headquarters personnel have access to this system, so the status of funding is transparent to all, and the data is are timely.
41. Her Government recommended that States parties should adopt a universal framework for disability data collection related to the policy goals of participation, inclusion and provision of disability services.
Right now, we pay $1,888 a year to insure Gerry's 1994 Honda Accord, my 2003 Ford F-150 pickup truck and Gerry's 'antique' 1989 Ford Mustang.We have liability coverage, which covers only damages and injuries we cause to other people and property
36. Several delegations encouraged UNICEF to increase its advocacy for children's rights on a global scale.
It takes about two hours to get to their office building, allowing for possible traffic delays
He never remembered having come across a man like that.
10. Endorses the conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, subject to the provisions of the present resolution, and requests the Secretary-General to ensure their full implementation;
Senior Legal Officer (P-5)
68/216. Harmony with Nature
They are also not able to browse tall trees which are the only source of food left.
In March 2012, Israel also allowed exports from Gaza to the West Bank.
Ongoing
Multilevel Multinomial Model and its Application for Multiple Category Responses .
Please provide information on the status of data collection and analysis of data in the country in general, and to what extent such data collection takes place on a sex-disaggregated basis.
Whose fault is it?
34. In the event that the UNOPS Reserve should require replenishment and/or increased funding, funds will be derived from unspent income.
5. The Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice held its twenty-third session on 13 December 2013 and from 12 to 16 May 2014.
Our company is working on custom software and hardware projects for several large corporation.
g. Conduct of reviews of conditions of service of ungraded, high-level officials of the United Nations other than Secretariat officials, including members of the International Court of Justice and judges and ad litem judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, and the two full members of the International Civil Service Commission, and analysis of the level of related honorariums;
The first group comprises sociocultural factors such as religion, language, values and attitudes.
(f) Convention on Biological Diversity: report of the Second Committee (A/59/483/Add.6)
1127. With regard to mobile telephones, installed capacity at the end of 2004 was 945,000 lines, considerably increasing the quantity of services in operation, which rose to 923,084.
SRAPs and RAPs are understood to be complementary to and supportive of national action programmes
(c) Confirmation of the date on which the members of the Committee are to assume office.
UNFICYP personnel faced difficulties accessing the Greek Cypriot community in the Karpas area, with restrictions being placed by local police on home visits without prior clearance.
Strobe lights require synchronization with the camera.
A-League
(c) The law on the normative price and the purchase of land, No. 1308 from 25.07.1997 is the main legal document which is applied to cases of (a) purchase of land, including lands of privatised buildings or which are in the process of privatisation, of the lands of private enterprises, as well as the lands of unfinished constructions; (b) inclusion of the value of the public property lands of unfinished buildings and constructions specified at letter a) in their statutory capital, following the decision of the share holders (founders) and with the agreement of the land owner, as a participation share in the building or construction; (c) exclusion of the lands from the category of agricultural lands and forest lands, as well as from the agricultural circulation, and their transferral to other categories of land; (d) forced alienation of lands; (e) lease relations.
It expects to ratify all three instruments in the very near future.
Kings are played on the center pile.
It is understandable that an enterprise may use a member of accounts. The complete set of accounts for a business entity is called a ledger.
VIII. Use of evaluation findings and recommendations 32. Units responsible for functions or programmes that have been evaluated should systematically implement evaluation recommendations when these have been agreed to by management.
In transformation of scientific and technological achievements, laws shall be observed and State interests safeguarded, and no public interests shall be damaged.
There were nationals who fled the immediate environment near military targets or for perceived lack of security, including uncertainties as to the immediate cause of the renewed fighting.
38. Mr. AlHantouli (Observer for the State of Palestine) said that the draft resolution, adopted with overwhelming support, reiterated the right of the Palestinian people to sovereignty over its natural resources, which were fundamental for development.
(b) Facilities and infrastructure ($11,702,400, or 10.9 per cent): resulting primarily from the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, water purification and air conditioning equipment, miscellaneous office equipment, and spare parts and supplies for the new offices and accommodation as a result of the earthquake; the acquisition of additional generators to support power supply for new contingents and camps for internally displaced persons subsequent to the adoption of Security Council resolution 1908 (2010); acquisition of additional sea containers for the shipment of additional equipment to Haiti; the increase in the average cost of diesel fuel to $0.60 per litre compared with the budgeted cost of $0.47 per litre; projected requirements for the settlement of past claims by the Mission fuel supplier, pending the outcome of the legal review by the Mission; and requirements to provide staff accommodation on a naval vessel following the earthquake.
Moreover, the Committee was not the only treaty body with a backlog in consideration of reports.
That authenticates the concern of many Member States that have long warned against political manipulation of new and loose concepts, as well as against selective application and double standards in invoking them.
Jonny Gray
Consumption and production in cities form the potential for sustainable patterns.
Article 32 If a foreign airline violates prescription of article 24 in the Regulations because of altering flight schedule without permission, it will be warned by Civil Aviation Administration and fined below RMB30,000.
"The Security Council commends the Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot leaders for the political leadership they have shown and warmly welcomes the progress made so far in the fully-fledged negotiations, and the leaders' joint statements.
The current global financial framework has demonstrated its inadequacy in dealing with the problems facing developing countries.
(ii) Prudence, substance over form and materiality should govern the selection and application of accounting policies;
Essentially, to hold high the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics means to keep to this path and uphold this system.
48. The Bush Administration has rigorously tightened the embargo against Cuba.
Its gravitational equivalent cannot.
The report has been reviewed by the relevant departments and offices.
University of Nebraska–Lincoln
Belgium
Not long ago, they undertook ERP successfully carry out, advanced in business management domain one stride.
If they had a philosophy.
In addition, this paper also discussed the effects of microwave pretreatment in water and urea on area shrinkage, K/S value and surface microstructure of wool fabric.
In short, building a warm environment, attentive service, you are tourism, commercial and residential ideal choice.
c New (established).
URGES Member States to take action to institutionalize enquiries into Maternal, Infant and Child deaths in Member States; to this effect periodic reports should be submitted to the Commission, Regional Economic Communities (RECs) and relevant partners for assessment and analysis of progress and sharing of best practices;
I should like to take this opportunity to reiterate Afghanistan's full commitment in the global fight against HIV/AIDS.
The situation is even worse at levels of accreditation II and IV: only three (2.6 per cent) of the 116 directors are women.
14. Calls upon the administering Powers that have not participated formally in the work of the Special Committee to do so at its session in 2006;
The value of annual wood removals exceeds $100 billion annually, which is nearly equal to the flows of international development aid and more than 50 times the flows for biodiversity conservation aid.
:: Standard operating procedures for the liberty usage of United Nations-owned vehicles developed and implemented in 10 field missions
It indicated that, instead, the policy "has fuelled frustration among Latin leaders.
Sixth Committee
Application of SMB Technology to Separation of Saccharide and Sugar-alcohol
A simplified guide to the convention to the rights of a child
In 2006, the Ministry of Defence did declare the area a conflict zone, which closed the door to any kind of compensation.
33,580 United Nations military observers mobile patrol person-days, including both day and night patrols (4 United Nations military observers per patrol, 23 patrols per day for 365 days)
Liabilities for end-of-service and post-retirement benefits
I even found photos that I had not previously seen in their entirety -- including shots of the inside of Notre Dame Cathedral and a favorite photo of me with friends in front of a sunset.
Mr. Tarek Mitri, Minister of Culture, Acting Minister for Foreign Affairs, will address the Council on that date.
42. For a variety of reasons, the General Assembly had not adopted a resolution on cross-cutting issues related to peacekeeping operations for the previous two years.
When resources were available, the Human Rights Department in the Ministry of Justice organized practical seminars on inculcating a culture of human rights in the administration and in the police, gendarmerie, penitentiary and other services.
Report of the Secretary-General on trends and progress in international development cooperation (General Assembly resolution 61/16, paras. 6 and 7)
They have plans to develop the playground into a stadium.
In this connection, some delegations looked forward to an approach that would seek to clarify the scope of most-favoured-nation clauses and to evaluate the extent to which the 1978 draft articles adopted by the Commission remained applicable.
No living man all things can.
The influential factors of concrete girder temperature deformation include external and internal ones.
III. ACCOUNTABILITY
It is further submitted that the description by the victims of their attacker completely differs with the author's appearance.
Field of view  The first implant had just 16 electrodes on the retinal pad and, as a result, visual information was limited.
Some of the proposals in the Special Rapporteur's sixth report were already part of France's practice in expulsion matters: for example, the extension of procedural guarantees to aliens lawfully as well as unlawfully in the country and the procedural rights set out in draft articles C and A1.
A typhoon swept across the coast.
In order to identify the superdeformed triaxial bands both the energy spectra and electromagnetic transition probabilities should be measured.
That's what we asked people in the crime - plagued Lexington area.
All marine risk provide more limited cover than all risk.
According to chemical reaction dynamics principle, the mechanism of mineralizers in zirconium -based ceramic pigments has been investigated.
Even if the correlation were not spurious, it would be difficult to know which way causation ran.
He is wearing a dreadful Panama hat.
IV. Synopsis of views on the Second United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (2008-2017)
444. The Committee notes with appreciation the legislative measures that have been undertaken by the State party in order to ensure the implementation of the Convention.
Note by the Secretariat
E/1994/104/Add.22 (E/C.12/2000/SR.45-47; E/C.12/1/Add.50)
) I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right?
Astronauts normally drink from pouches using straws, to prevent liquids from spilling out in weightlessness, but Pettit wanted to show that they could sip from cups
(i) Provide, within the framework of a global peace-building strategy, political support for the efforts of the Resident Coordinator and United Nations agencies to promote national reconstruction, combat poverty and promote good governance;
Paragraph 10 of Chapter 2 of the Plan states:
No designated individual or entity has been identified, either by the authorities within the country or by the diplomatic and consular services.
Efforts remain to be made, however, by all sides in this field.
Situation of and assistance to Palestinian women
- To help strengthen the capacities, including through technical assistance, of the national judicial system, including transitional justice mechanisms, and of the national human rights institutions and assist with national reconciliation efforts, coordinating with the International Commission of Inquiry as well as the Independent Expert, as appropriate;
The frost killed those flowers.
Sharing opportunities for development and rising to challenges together so as to further the noble cause of peace and development of humanity bear on the fundamental interests of the people of all countries and meet their common aspirations.
2. When NPT parties have been able to reach consensus upon the way ahead, which has occurred at fewer than half of the Treaty's Review Conferences, they have issued resolutions, decisions or Final Documents.
They reiterated their call to all Afghan parties to work together for peace and the establishment of a broad-based multi-ethnic and fully representative government.
84.12. Strengthen the capacity of the Lebanese Palestinian Dialogue Commission to assist Palestinian Refugees as a step to improve the human rights and humanitarian situation for Palestinian refugees in Lebanon (United Kingdom);
The Office briefed the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and provided background information on statelessness to the Commissioner of Human Rights of the Council of Europe.
Children of sick women also get the benefit of this programme.
Health officials say the result was a thirty-six percent drop in cases.
16. On 3 May, officials from the Office of the Attorney-General and UNOGBIS visited prisons to assess detention conditions.
Agenda item 48
He was told by the Head that he had no time for such requests, and that the author could not come in to examine the materials.
2,400 long-range patrols for security assessment and the determination of territories of operations (10 UNAMID police officers per patrol, for 2 patrols per week, for an average of 40 weeks per sector for 3 sectors)
I. In the field of small and medium-sized enterprises 2
 Recalling its resolution 2183 (LIII) of 28 May 1986, in which termination of the Trusteeship Agreement for the entire Trust Territory was envisioned,
2006-10-2 le commerce int la chambre de commerce la maison de commerce le commerce en la vente au d le commerce en la vente de gros grossiste le commerce parisien lenseigne dun commerce lacte de commerce lhomme daffaires le quartier commer faire de largent faire fortun
80. On the way to the gendarmerie headquarters, the two acquitted men were beaten and, upon arrival, severely tortured with the purpose of extracting confessions that they had committed the murder.
In addition to considering the issue of critical uses, the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel's final 2007 report also responds to the mandate of the Parties for the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee to present an annual workplan to the Parties.
The Union's member States have transferred competences and decision-making authority on a range of subject matters to the Union, which as a result participates in the international arena on its own behalf and in its own name.
In September 1998, four nuns belonging to the Foreign Missionary Sisters in Tamil Nadu were allegedly gang—raped.
Among the many different measures, the update of government administrative theory and the change of roles are the most important.
29 November 2010
Professor and academic
The Chair of the CDM Executive Board, in addition to presenting a status report on progress in the area of methodological work and accreditation, shared the experience gathered since the establishment of the Board at COP 7.
Promote the important role of education in the promotion of a culture of peace and dialogue among civilizations, religions and cultures, and the role of civil society, faith-based non-governmental organizations and media as appropriate, in promoting interfaith, intercultural and inter-civilizational dialogue and understanding towards fostering cultural diversity, and the realization of internationally agreed goals, including the Millennium Development Goals;
What Puerto Rico and Puerto Ricans particularly needed was statehood and the same rights as other United States citizens.
57. The Council considered agenda item 7 and its sub-items (a) to (g) at its 23rd, 26th, 32nd, 37th to 40th, 42nd and 44th to 46th meetings, on 7, 8, 13, 16, 19, 20, 22 and 23 July 2010.
The man and his quilt on the opposite roof had disappeared.
 In this regard, we welcome the establishment of the interim self-governing Authority in Gaza and Jericho and look forward to the early realization of the second implementation agreement on elections.
A computer program for enabling the functions described is also provided.
Indigenous Peoples' Centre for Aid and Development
He can't explain why he save these photos himself..
The topics for each regional training workshop will be tailored to the needs, experiences, best practices of and lessons learned by the countries in that region.
Programme support income
In an effort to enhance its universality, Japan has been co-organizing with Canada, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Nations a series of regional workshops in Africa, South America and Asia.
35. The Committee had the following officers: Mr. Victor Osipov (Russian Federation) as Chairman; Ms. Caroline Clarke Guarnizo (United States National Academy of Sciences) and Mr. Mohan Munasinghe (World Bank) as Technical Secretaries.
Informs the Special Representative and United Nations Headquarters of pertinent political developments.
She reiterated her country's commitment to the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development and the key actions for its further implementation, as well as to the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, while reaffirming that all its international commitments should be viewed within the framework of Costa Rica's domestic legal order and human rights, and, in particular, the fundamental principle of the primacy and inviolability of the right to life from the moment of conception.
As the peace and security challenges before the international community grow more complex, so do the adjustments required to sustain the relevance and capacity of United Nations peacekeeping to respond to the challenges.
The monetary unit of Japan is the yen.
Two of the glasses were broken when they were being washed.
I. Objectives of the visit
Meanwhile, the rapid spread of mobile telephone networks across Africa and Asia has radically improved levels of connectivity within and among developing countries in conjunction with new remote-sensing and information-processing technologies that have made it possible for developing countries to leapfrog over many obstacles to development.
A year has passed since the United Nations celebrated its fiftieth anniversary, when much was heard about the urgency of reform of the Organization.
There being two candidates remaining for consideration by the General Assembly and no discernible impact on geographical distribution following the withdrawal of Judge Mazuelos' candidature, the Internal Justice Council does not at this stage believe it to be necessary to recommend a replacement for the candidature of Judge Mazuelos for consideration by the Assembly.
He never refuses a request for help; he has a heart of gold.
26. The Chairman said that, if there were no objections, he would take it that the Committee had concluded its general discussion on agenda item 113.
66. The importance of multilingualism in peacekeeping missions should be borne in mind; taking language into account at all levels of the chain of command not only facilitated constructive dialogue with the host country but fostered the climate of trust needed to implement a mission's mandate.
In Chapter 1, the concept of striding development is defined.
This programme is a joint initiative of the Human Rights Commission, the Office of the ProVice-Chancellor Equity at the University of Auckland, and the New Zealand Centre for Women and Leadership at Massey University with endorsement by the New Zealand Vice-Chancellors' Committee.
Courts of course have constitutional authority to interpret and apply constitutional and legislative provisions.
5. Election of the Chair and other officers for the twelfth session of the Commission
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.56 without a vote (see para. 6).
He had become inured to ridicule.
UNODC was requested to pay due regard to geographical distribution and gender equality in the recruitment of staff and to keep those recruitment policies in mind during the realignment process.
A teacher, pedagogue, custodian, adoptive parent, parent, step-father, step-mother or other person who abuses his/her position or authority to rape or commit a similar act with a minor who has been entrusted to him/her for learning, upbringing, custody or care shall be punished.
369. The CRTD also anticipates joint and several liability with respect to carriage by rail, in which case the person or persons operating the railway line on which the incident occurred are each considered a carrier if they carried a joint operation.
Financial support for UNIDO must go hand in hand with political support for it.
Arcata, California
2. Accordingly, most of the countries of the region maintained, and seemed to be consolidating, a pattern of economic performance characterized by moderate growth rates accompanied by moderate and diminishing inflation, large current account deficits covered by external capital, and low domestic savings rates.
Your desktop may also function as a simple personal assistant at times.
To ensure that all workers enjoy the right to work, rest and vacation, China adopts an eight-hour-day, 40-hour-week system.
These include:
Conclusion: Gingko Leaf Capsule have protective effect on visual field of primary open - angle glaucoma patients whose intraocular pressure were controlled.
b/ Includes the proposed conversion from general temporary assistance of two P-5 and two General Service posts.
24. The Commission for Social Development may wish to request the United Nations regional commissions to facilitate, including through their intergovernmental bodies, the review and appraisal at the regional level by:
He has clearly established competence in the areas of criminal law and procedure envisaged in article 36.3 (b) (i) of the Rome Statute.
52. The United Kingdom continues to achieve against its commitments.
18. Mr. AL-AMRI (Oman) said that the Organization's difficult financial situation made the many delays in the payment of contributions both to the regular budget and to those of peace-keeping operations even more disquieting and that the countries concerned should honour their commitments promptly.
The steel chain slowly surrounds the mountain, deeper and deeper.
The expert meetings had adopted a series of recommendations aimed at different groups of development actors, including Governments, the international community and UNCTAD.
Local businesses donated items for me to auction off at intermission.
60. The institutional framework involves reconstituting in the camps the political and administrative structures that exist in Rwanda.
A little girly? but now he's a big boy.
3. It is proposed that the first plenary meeting, which will start at 10 a.m. on Monday, 8 July 2013, should be devoted to procedural matters (items 1 and 2 of the provisional agenda) and introductory statements.
6.He has always been in good health except that he has had a slight headache in the past few days.()
Gross requirementsc
Mr. Olver, 61 years old, says he initially found the abrupt role switch difficult.
1. The Heads of State and Government of Latin America and the Caribbean, meeting in Caracas, Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, on 3 December 2011, within the framework of the Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), express their strongest opposition to the coercive and unilateral economic measures imposed on sovereign countries for political reasons.
Lastly, they called on Palipehutu-FNL to join the peace process and welcomed the Government's desire to reach a peaceful solution.
Joint Border Verification and Monitoring Mechanism to receive update from parties and report to parties
In addition, the Group made a commitment to provide US$ 50 billion annually to support social protection, boost trade and safeguard development in low-income countries, to support a substantial increase in lending to multilateral banks and to double the International Monetary Fund (IMF) concessional lending capacity for low-income countries.
Meanwhile, the Office continued to advise the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo on the exercise of its legislative and executive authority and to provide advice and support to the Organization's other peacekeeping missions, especially in handling claims and in concluding and implementing arrangements with troop-contributing countries.
Several hundred indigenous and governmental representatives from all parts of the world participated in the commemoration.
Red hair, 14)vacant expressions, 15)tatty, second-hand book... you must be at the Weasley\'s.
Your savings will likely also overwhelm any hit from a market decline.
98014A
When people suffer from illnesses, or if there is a lack of drinking water, or if there is a death in the family, or cattle die, or if there is a crop failure, or even if there is a natural calamity, the local magic doctor is approached.
Cargo and passenger transport
An Ideal Friend Friends can be classified into two kinds, good friends and evil friends.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
(viii) Counter-CBRN terrorism
She had noted with interest the information provided on staff security.
Creating such a climate would bring additional foreign and domestic investments and help reverse the decline in investment activity.
List of township-level divisions of Beijing
THE ANNEX TO HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL RESOLUTION 5/1
An increased heart rate and breathing rate are common, too.
All open meetings of the General Assembly are covered by United Nations Television and fed out to international syndicators and news distributors; by live webcasts, which are also archived for later viewing; by United Nations photographers, whose high-resolution photographs are posted on the United Nations website for downloading; by comprehensive summaries of the meetings which are promptly produced as United Nations press releases in English and French and made available to the media, on the website and distributed via United Nations offices to all regions.
Government should focus on long-term, risky research (where the risk is to projects, not to people), and the private sector should focus on delivering services that are already well understood and ready to be handled in a routine way.
We thank the United Nations and its related agencies for their efforts in addressing HIV/AIDS.
In order not to offend the famous master, he took lessons in secret from another compose, Joan Schenk.
83. The recent renaming of the Special Unit serves to reinforce its broader role as an office in the United Nations system and should help dispel some of the ambiguity regarding its exact relationship with UNDP, its host organization.
However, this does not mean that the judiciary must stop this trade.
The Heads of State or Government once again urged strict compliance with the Resolutions 47/19, 48/16, 49/9, 50/10, 51/17, 52/10, 53/4, 54/21, 55/20, 56/9 and 57/11 of the United Nations General Assembly.
To facilitate annual monitoring of the Beijing Platform for Action, on 2 and 3 June 2005 the Luxembourg presidency proposed some conclusions to the Employment, Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council (EPSCO) confirming the commitments given by the European Union at the Ministerial Conference in Luxembourg, and at the Session of the Committee on the Status of Women in New York.
Right after graduating high school, Chris attended North Carolina School of Arts in Winston-Salem, where he received his BFA in Drama.
8. Also requests the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to continue its mandated activities to regularly collect and disseminate statistics on crime and criminal justice and to provide trend analyses and studies based on the information provided by Member States;
4. The Co-ordinator has included an example of an article dealing with Generic Preventive Measures as described in the second part of the negotiating mandate (a) (ii).
United Nations Institute for Training and Research
 The critical importance of such a seemingly technical aspect as statistics for successful policy-making reminds us that we need to understand more completely the social phenomena we are dealing with in the context of the follow-up to the Copenhagen Summit in order to develop appropriate policies.
For all our incarnations are focused in one direction, as an arrow pointing to our destiny.
Particular consequences of a serious breach of an obligation under this chapter
The Conference on Disarmament can do many things to deal with such threats, once it agrees on a programme of work.
Yukie Nakayama
The Committee resumed its consideration of agenda item 12.
Within Asia, Japanese demand remains depressed.
New items
C  51  is a 8 bIt'single chip computer. Its easily using and multi - function suffer large users.
Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General
(2) We waited for him for more than an hour and finally left.12.at last : (finally)at long last, (1) We waited and waited and at last John arrived.
It is a constantly evolving area whose tools adapt themselves to society's needs.
The report of the Committee on its forty-fourth and forty-fifth sessions (A/65/38) will be before the Commission.
On 29 August, a panel of three EULEX judges at Mitrovica District Court sentenced Sylajman Hasani to 13 years' imprisonment for the murder of Besir Sheremeti in August 1997 in Mitrovica.
49. With regard to women's rights, the social and economic situation of women remains a cause for concern, despite the progress made, owing to the fact that the number of women who gain access to higher or technical training is lower than that of men.
Statements made as a result of torture
The number of nuclear warheads possessed by those countries is enough to destroy our planet thousands of times over.
2. To recommend one or more extended sets of survey items to measure disability or principles for their design, to be used as components of population surveys or as supplements to specialty surveys.
And I made it very clear that if she continues with this behavior, I will send her back to the hospital in vermont.
6. Within the framework of the stabilization and association process, the European Union launched the "structured dialogue on justice" in June 2011.
EP
V. The way forward
After selection, the woods are sawn or split, dried, bundled together and bonded into patterns, then fitted into a mosaic.
Under implementation
In addition, the Committee adopted a resolution on the establishment of a distribution facility for the provision of long-range identification and tracking information to security forces operating in waters of the Gulf of Aden and the western Indian Ocean to aid their work in the repression of piracy and armed robbery against ships (see para. 122 below).
The death of the innkeeper still remains a mystery.
People's governments of townships, nationality townships, and towns execute the resolutions of the people's congresses at the corresponding levels as well as the decisions and orders of the state administrative organs at the next higher level and conduct administrative work in their respective administrative areas. People's governments of provinces and municipalities directly under the Central Government decide on the establishment and geographic division of townships, nationality townships, and towns.
Kuwait proposes to collect information on the location, distribution patterns and levels of residual explosives and explosive-related contamination in the sites in Kuwait where there was open burning or detonation of unexploded ordnance or saturation bombing.
The movement's not ready for you to be a martyr.either.
This would help minimize the need for customization.
The Committee recommends that the State party provide relevant statistical information, including on budgetary allocations, in subsequent reports and emphasizes that such data are necessary to ensure the application of adequate legislation governing equal enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights by Surinamese citizens.
In this regard, the Committee recommends that the State party consider ways in which the primacy of Covenant rights may be ensured in trade and investment agreements, and in particular in the adjudication of investor-State disputes under chapter XI of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
23. The Committee is concerned about the prevalence of violence against women and girls, including cultural practices that constitute, or perpetuate, violence against women.
I told her that her new skirt was not fit for her,and she got into a huff.
It had before it documents FCCC/SBI/2001/16, FCCC/SBI/2001/INF.5 and FCCC/SBI/2001/INF.10.
c Other types of cocaine include coca paste and cocaine paste, cocaine base, basuco, paco, merla etc. (based on the Multilateral Evaluation Mechanism of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD)).
(48) The Committee likewise requests the State party to disseminate these concluding observations widely, including to public agencies and the judiciary, nongovernmental organizations and other members of civil society, and to inform Bolivian migrants abroad and foreign migrant workers in transit or residing in Bolivia of the rights they and members of their families enjoy under the Convention.
Request/recommendation
(13) The Committee reiterates its concern, despite contradictory information provided by the delegation that, in exceptional circumstances, albeit apparently applied mainly to persons suspected of involvement in organized crime, an accused person may be held in detention for five days under a motivated decree adopted by an investigating judge before being allowed to contact an attorney (arts. 9 and 14).
20. Over the course of two years, the Government has issued some 20 supreme decrees in favour of indigenous native peasant peoples and three substantive basic laws to promote change (land redistribution, convening of the Constituent Assembly and approval of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples).
Reference was made to the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative, the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative and the Inter-American Development Bank as options for task force evaluation in this area.
58. Silvia Garrigo (Manager, Global Issues and Policy, Chevron Corporation) presented the objects and purposes of the Global Memorandum of Understanding (GMOU) between Chevron and the surrounding communities in the Niger Delta as an example of how a non-judicial mechanism can be applied to address situations of conflict between a company and surrounding communities.
But a number of topics have been identified which require further treatment.
They bit at each other, fighting for food. The struggle ended in death for both.
What however we were not willing to accept, as you very well knew, was that each and every settler, indeed all, should be entitled to remain and ultimately acquire citizenship.
Using a variety of participatory methods, UNDP supported the enactment of the new Constitution of Tunisia, and the first Youth Parliament in State of Palestine.
She also asked whether all ministries were working towards gender mainstreaming, a statutory requirement in all European Union countries, why the terms of reference issued by the central Government with regard to the recent institutional reforms did not include gender mainstreaming, and whether that would affect women's opportunities to run for political office.
On the question of juveniles, the statements made by the Special Rapporteur were exaggerations.
1. The Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (SPT) was established following the entry into force in June 2006 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (OPCAT).
57 Cases of Insomnia of Type Phlegm - heat Attacking Internally Treated by Frothing - up Therapy
Most other CIS economies, including those in Central Asia, also benefited from higher commodity prices, and growth was further spurred by increased public infrastructure spending and worker remittances.
Nevertheless, the Office functions as an independent body and is playing a lead role in the protection and promotion of human rights.
2. If the husband becomes insane after the contract.
Disestablishments in Asia by century
A straight-to-the-point hiking shoe that will take you that extra mile!
At the end of the thesis, it raised issues which should be further studied.
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II is the Head of State and is represented by the Governor General.
Please look for it and bring it with you.
Four clinics built in Iraq; one hospital built in the Syrian Arab Republic; one orphanage was built in Sierra Leone.
Adapt man-machine interface to set parameters and input process data.
Submissions from Parties
my wife was an unstable woman.
Communications, culture, youth, sports and recreation (communications, sports and recreation, culture, traditions and customs);
The Alliance also held a seminar in Geneva in November 2011, with a view to establishing implementation guidelines on the Convention.
21 August 1996
(b) View of the Surface Transport Section at United Nations Headquarters;
E/CN.7/2008/2/Add.4
It takes us almost 1 hour to get to school.
8. Such an extension may be renewed upon the submission of a new notification in accordance with paragraphs 6 and 7 of this Article.
The people's governments at all levels shall strengthen their leadership and take effective measures to prevent and fight floods.
Data fixes
(e) To take concrete steps to take a balanced approach between supply and demand reduction strategies by redistributing the resources allocated to drug control policies, giving more attention to public health, drug abuse prevention, treatment of drug-use disorders and access to controlled medicines for medical and scientific purposes.
"Having examined the credentials of the representatives to the Twelfth United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, referred to in paragraphs 4 and 5 of the present report,
I do myself the honour of calling as soon as possible after my arrival, to express the hope that I have not inconvenienced you by my perseverance in soliciting the occupation of Thrushcross Grange: I heard yesterday you had had some thoughts -
Article 93 The establishment of a public air transport enterprise shall satisfy the following conditions: (1) It has the civil aircraft conforming to the requirements of ensuring flight safety as stipulated by the State; (2) It has the necessary airmen who have been issued licences according to law; (3) It has the registered capital not less than the minimum limit prescribed by the State Council; and (4) Other conditions prescribed by laws and administrative rules and regulations.
B. Structure of the Mission
23. Protection of civilians in armed conflict (12 February 1999; 19 August 2013).
For example, the Patriarchate had sought to transform its orphanage on Princes' Island into a hotel.
Africa even imports 15% of the cement it uses, despite having abundant raw materials to make it at home.
Target 2008-2009: 80 per cent
Article 29, paragraph 1, requires that the education of the child shall be directed to "... the development of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms ...".
7 The Selection Committee consists of senior officials from the Office of Legal Affairs and UNITAR and is chaired by the Legal Counsel.
They cover the walls away the between the inside and outside spaces.
So in a whisper he asked the congreg ation. "All who want to go to heavenplease rise.
The Committee is also concerned that children's views are not always duly taken into account in the family and in judicial and administrative proceedings.
(iv) Costs and benefits of response measures and strategies;
Article 19
Therefore, an increased emphasis on drought mitigation must be given.
(b) The report of the Security Council mission to West Africa of June 2004, in which the mission recalled its recommendation of the previous year and reiterated that UNOWA could fulfil its mandate more effectively with additional resources.
6. The Appeals Tribunal may refer appropriate cases to the Secretary-General or executive heads of separately administered United Nations funds and programmes for possible action to enforce accountability.
Recommendation 15
At the current session, the Commission had before it a proposal for future work in relation to enforcement of international settlement agreements (A/CN.9/822).
73. Accordingly, the secretariat presented a report entitled "Identification of a new housing arrangement for the Global Mechanism" to the COP 10 Bureau prior to 1 July 2012, for its consideration.
They were engaged by our air defence units, acting in self-defence, were forced to drop their payloads and were driven off.
AI is transforming nearly every sector of society, from transportation to medicine to defense.
There are at least three ways out of that difficulty.
Outpatient units represented only 27 per cent of the available places for drug treatment in the reporting Member States of North America and Latin America and the Caribbean and only 4 per cent of those in Africa.
In the Syrian Arab Republic, for example, they might not be able to end the conflict, but the Council could still make an important contribution to the stability of the region.
4. Ms. Rodríguez Pineda (Guatemala) said that the United Nations was the organization best suited to assist States in capacity-building and strengthening of institutions.
Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, Headquarters
I just, you know, I would like to see you in the flesh.
Closure of the Third Meeting of the States Parties.
seemed an endless wait, it was her turn to step into the doctor 10.
Top 10 Total
The interim report of the Committee, issued on 3 February, focused, inter alia, on the activities of Under-Secretary-General Benon Sevan.
Omega Virginis
A place or time in a sequence of events.
 The meeting was suspended at 6.10 p.m. and resumed at 10.35 p.m.
37. The Ministry of Health had increasingly invested in women's health from 1997 to 2002, and in 2003, an estimated US$ 300 million would be allocated to reducing maternal mortality.
Federal regulations imposed Nox exhaust - emission standards on all 1973 passenger vehicle.
23 October 1999
14 June 1993 Belarus3
It should be noted that few countries reported persistent organic pollutant data.
He has stuffed the  managerial  staff with personal associates.
These include 109 Professional and 115 General Service posts at headquarters, 2 Professional and 2 General Service posts in Geneva and 320 Professional and 424 local General Service posts in the field.
Its development represents man's triumph over remoteness and a harsh landscape.
4. The principles of responsible arms transfers are not new: they are contained within the weapons of mass destruction export control regimes to which many Member States adhere, and have underpinned a number of binding United Nations Security Council resolutions.
It specifies how the plan will be implemented through three bienniums (2014-2015, 2016-2017 and 2018-2019) and how the plan will be monitored and evaluated.
Government helicopter shot down at Kushina
2. The Conference brought together for the first time in a single subregional forum in Central Africa members of government, representatives of opposition parties, senior officers of the armed forces and security forces and representatives of civil society from the countries members of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa.
(e) The KC-135R Turkish military aircraft, coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in an easterly direction.
That is how it is done in the other reports as well.
Social customs are greatly different from country to country.
At least one Convenient Method practitioner is awaiting initiation into the Quan Yin Method.
The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 27D.41 that an amount of $2,644,600 has been requested for the estimated cost of International Computing Centre (ICC) mainframe services under the estimates for grants and contributions.
We also wish to express our sincere desire to establish the best possible relationship with the international community.
The author George Santayana said, "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it
Taxonomy/Ascaris
Minimum mortality %
In addition, the main section of the report elaborates upon the realization of economic, social and cultural rights in conflict and post-conflict societies.
Since its launch on 28 October 2008, the Audiovisual Library has been accessed by almost one million users in all 193 Member States of the United Nations.
In London, Brent crude fell 18 cents to $90. 51 a barrel on the ICE futures exchange.
Subaru Stella
5679 Akkado
3. The Board is composed of five United Nations experts with relevant experience in the field of human rights and, in particular, with issues of contemporary forms of slavery, serving in their personal capacities.
The promotion of tolerance and peace among children, instead of violence and hatred, would undoubtedly contribute to unleashing the creative energy that was inherent in every child.
Contrary to popular opinion, life in a university business school is no easier than one in industry or commerce.
DOS Division of Oversight Services
 Members noted that this situation was completely unacceptable and suggested that the Government should seek assistance from the United Nations in correcting its legislation and in preparing its subsequent report.
 Of course, this has effects on the medical issue, and that is why I am raising it.
529. Finding a room is the problem
It's cheaper after nine o'clock and at weekends.
The Committee recommends that the State party seek technical cooperation for the training of professional staff working with and for children with disabilities from, inter alia, UNICEF and WHO.
With the exception of the international dimensions of the right to education and the United Kingdom's international human rights obligations, this report deals only with England and does not encompass Northern Ireland, Scotland or Wales, which have legal and policy frameworks for education that are partially or wholly distinct from those of England.
As highlighted in our national inputs to the preparatory process for Rio+20, sustainable development goals should not necessarily substitute for the MDGs but should rather complement and update the goals emanating from the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2).
2013 LPGA Tour
Design we regard this as and design guideline launch the design work this time.
In this regard, we congratulated the Government of the Republic of Korea and various other governments for adopting and implementing participatory governance as their governing philosophy.
The State party rejects that the relevant statements by some members of the DPP in any way advocated religious hatred.
At the purchasing power parity exchange rates favoured by the International Monetary Fund, however, which give greater weight to the growth of developing countries and, in particular, of the Asian giants, China and India, growth has been far faster: 4.1 per cent in 2003, 5.3 per cent in 2004 and 4.8 per cent in 2005.
8. Strongly condemns the acts of violence systematically perpetrated against civilians, including the massacres, as well as other atrocities and violations of international humanitarian law and human rights, in particular, sexual violence against women and girls, stresses the need to bring to justice those responsible, including those at the command level, and urges all parties, including the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to take all necessary steps to prevent further violations of human rights and international humanitarian law, in particular those committed against civilians;
As a contribution to the reconciliation process in the country, efforts are being made to create conditions conducive to repatriation through the rebuilding of basic infrastructure and establishing basic services in areas of return.
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget/extrabudgetary):
The groups should be small, with no more than four or five members per mission, and should comprise States that have affinities with the country in conflict
(f) Further urged international organizations and donor countries to strengthen their support to and collaboration with international programmes, including through the provision of financial resources and the transfer of environmentally sound technologies as set out in chapters 33 and 34 of Agenda 21 and through conventions directed to fragile ecosystems, in particular concerning the role of forests, other wooded lands and trees in the Convention to Combat Desertification and Agenda 21, chapters 12 and 13, which address the concerns of the poorer communities.
The EMS memory database system is realized by DLL and FileMaping.
From then on, anti - monopoly legislation gradually becomes systematic, complex.
Mr. Lukas (Austria) expressed support for the Chairman's proposal.
Expansion of competitive base.
The overall reduced requirements were offset in part by additional requirements for medical services owing to a higher number of referrals of military personnel to level IV/V hospitals than anticipated.
The affordability of the project within the boundaries of international commitments and the desire by many African Governments to apply the lessons and undertake the interventions on a broader scale signal the potential for achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Using puffery to raise awareness of products is illegal.
Agendas of the days of general discussion
She also learnt to read people's lips by pressing her finger-tips against them and feeling the movement and vibrations.
Empirical studies of the impact of sovereign wealth funds on the economic performance of countries are scarce.
Any restriction applied to online content must also be in conformity with the three-part test set out in article 19, paragraph 3, of the Covenant.
In this context, several States described their active membership in regional fisheries management organizations and arrangements and noted their compliance with conservation and management measures adopted by those organizations and arrangements.
Finally, the European Union encourages NEPAD to step up its efforts to combat HIV/AIDS.
Measures should be taken to identify key elements in the supply chains that could be prohibited or more effectively regulated by Parties.
2. Situations arising from circumstances unrelated to the will of the party formulating the unilateral act
I would now like to offer some brief comments on this topic.
Rapporteur: Mr. Walid A. Al-Hadid (Jordan)
5.Counting in the cost , we also make a considerable profit
It is also a prerequisite for Haiti to move forward independently and on a long-term path.
The Russian Federation is firmly attached to such fundamental values as freedom, justice, life, well-being and human dignity, family traditions, political diversity, integrity of the court system, responsibility of leadership, social guarantees and the eradication of poverty and corruption, as well as to its international obligations in the field of human rights.
China
(c) Increased attention to the valuation of forest services, which took a leap forward when the Fourth Conference of Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, held at Kyoto, Japan, in December 1997, decided to recognize the significant role of forests as a carbon sink. ACTION OF THE INTERGOVERNMENTAL PANEL ON FORESTS
Will he plead against me with [his] great power? No; but he would put [strength] in me.
The organization's priorities are to focus resources on the scale and intensity of animal suffering and to tackle root causes and thus achieve lasting and sustainable change, including the following:
The high-level segment attracts considerable attention from the global media and observer organizations.
Advancement of women [61 (a)]
Several participants, while recognizing the importance of national action, called for international and regional cooperation on adaptation.
Which Japanese food do you like?
July 14 was declared their National Day.
The objective of the Platform as stated in paragraph 1 of the "Functions, operating principles and institutional arrangements of the Platform" is to strengthen the science-policy interface for biodiversity and ecosystem services for the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity, long-term human wellbeing and sustainable development.
TDL
34. In addition, the Committee agreed that in the transitional period until October 2011, the existing rules of procedure and article XXXIII of the general rules of the organization could be applied only insofar as those rules were in full conformity with the text and spirit of the CFS reform document.
A young man bends over the liver and peels off the membrane so he can take it home to make a traditional drum.
Today, another undergraduate shares her views on Singaporeans'sense of belonging.
The Committee appreciated the State party's detailed written replies to the list of issues (CAT/C/GBR/Q/5/Add.1 and annexes).
With the conclusion of the negotiations for this international instrument during the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled "Crime prevention and criminal justice", should also be considered by the plenary Assembly for the sole purpose of ensuring that the draft "United Nations Convention against Corruption" can be adopted in a timely manner and transmitted for signing to the high-level political conference, which will be held in the city of Mérida, Yucatán, from 9 to 11 December 2003.
Encourage parties operating under article 5 to submit remaining stage I HPMPs as soon as possible and begin implementing strategies in approved stage I HPMPs without delay;
Following the armed attack of 21 October, reports of serious human rights violations, including torture and summary executions, increased.
I attach great importance to their work in further developing certain organizational aspects of the life of the Conference on Disarmament.
The territorial Government's health priorities, set out in the strategic plan for health for 2003-2008, include the continued strengthening of primary and secondary health-care services; development of the Health Protection and Quality Assurance Department of the Ministry of Health, dealing with environmental health, water quality monitoring, solid waste disposal services and the regulation of public and private health services; expansion of mental health and psychiatric services; care of the elderly, as well as prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS and other communicable and non-communicable diseases.14
II. Methodology
57. His Government would like to see future work on jurisdictional immunities take the form of a model law.
Two - dimensional structure of silver nanoparticles was constructed on a glass slide by self - assembly technique.
Catholic Medical Mission Board
Have you imagined travelling in a spaceship?
Babbitt was most exasperated when she revealed his boyhood to the children.
25. During the period under review, further progress was made in the conduct of identification operations for the H41, H61 and J51/52 tribal groupings.
Undoubtedly we have not questions to ask which are unanswerable.
The car raced roughly along in a swirl of pink dust.
Page
He drew his pistol and aimed at zhagang.
46. The General Assembly may wish to endorse the proposal contained in annex III to the note by the Secretariat on the control and limitation of documentation (A/58/CRP.7) (see annex VIII below).
Most services still remain insufficient to meet the demand and there is a need for much greater attention to the accessibility and the quality of services, including through the training of providers and better integration and coordination.
to diascuss the contract [ Could I see Mr.Hammer sometime this week?
That could be achieved only through national, regional and international action to enable the country to create conditions that encouraged skilled and educated residents to stay and those that had left to return.
The resolution is comprehensive in scope and encompasses crucial interim steps for reducing the danger of nuclear weapons.
13. In addition, the Committee had made several recommendations aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of United Nations civilian police in peacekeeping operations and had called upon the Secretariat to improve the system of standby arrangements for peacekeeping personnel.
thousand millionone hundred (and) twenty three billion four hundred (and) fifty-six million eight hundred (and) ninety-five thousand one hundred and sixty-seven
In the process of reforming and renewing the Economic and Social Council, Belarus has supported the establishment of the Development Cooperation Forum.
There was real concern about the imbalance between the amount of assessments unpaid and the current levels of assessment.
Machine parts of irregular shape can be washed very clean by ultrasonics .
He that studieth discords, loveth quarrels: and he that exalteth his door, seeketh ruin.
(b) The United Nations Office at Geneva infrastructure will not be affected by exceptionally bad weather conditions; local market competition, changes in actual travel destinations and volatility of fuel prices will not negatively impact efficiency and cost effectiveness of travel; the volume of procurement requirements and demands will not have an abnormal increase, and market conditions will not change significantly.
In addition to the human rights provisions enshrined in the Constitution, a series of measures have been taken to ensure that all citizens of Mauritius, irrespective of their race, place of origin, political opinions, colour, creed or sex, were able to exercise effectively their civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights.
Hong Kong Golf Association
Conclusion Sufficient dose of corticosteroids and vasodilators were effective for traumatic optic neuropathy.
11. In the city of Duma, an armed terrorist group stole two pickup vehicles belonging to the Awad Amurah Company.
A standardized funding model was presented to the General Assembly at its sixty-fifth session (see A/65/696 and Corr.1) for the first year of a mission's operations.
Tajikistan
I can assure you that consultations, discussions and a review are currently being held on the document in our capital, and that the delegation of Algeria remains at your disposal for any support required.
(c) Real growth, positive or negative, compared with the previous budget;
What time is it? We're leaving right on time.
V. Documentation
84. The Executive Director thanked the delegations for their comments and support and their sustained engagement throughout the MTR process.
Original: English and French
Who, when they were come thither, went into the synagogue of the Jews.
The effect of attractive potential on the current distribution is different from that of repulsive one.
You must not take all this as badly as it seems.
138. About 92 per cent of the calls providing information mentioned domestic violence and about 83 per cent concerned physical maltreatment, beatings, abusive conduct and expulsion from the home.
682. Tasmania is party to the current COAG negotiations focused on bridging the gap in health outcomes between indigenous and non-indigenous Australians.
Anti-personnel mines and cluster bombs, having limited explosive or destructive power, were presented as WIE in the first paper, primarily for the reason that these weapons cannot distinguish between combatant and civilian.
" And he said to him, "Your prayers and alms have ascended as a memorial before God.
And my one night's stay?Absolutely atrocious, I could not imagine living in those conditions for extended stay.
the Beetle Who Went on His Travels
And then also, at the same time, respect other people's marriages. It hurts to forsake the things you love
In addition, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General acts as the designated official for security for Western Sahara and the Tindouf area.
A standard desktop computer and printer are provided for all new posts.
If you were looking for this particular product or service what would YOU want to see in the ad?
The OECD is an international organization that developed from the Organization for European Economic Co-operation (EECD), which was created in 1948
(c) Proper data capture from the units;
On Dan Kiley and his design thoughts
This can be explained by the fact that the Fund had some exposure to non-government bonds, which are not part of CWGBI.
Date of submission
The wind struck the car and nearly tipped it over.
North America and Western Europe
Social Housing Fund Sources of financial resources, 1995 to June 2002
I like My family gets the biggest kick out of the shoplifters: What happened today
The author of the Overall Champion Slogan will be awarded HK$30,000 and two tickets to the 2009 East Asian Games Opening Ceremony.
I regret that the meetings of the Joint Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism in Gali have remained suspended since April 2012 owing to disagreement on the composition of the Mechanism.
Though both focused on refugees and merely referred to the problem of internal displacement, this acknowledgement of the problem could mark the beginning of greater attention to internal displacement in these regions.
President Felipe Calderón expressed his sincere thanks to President Hu Jintao and other Chinese leaders for the warm welcome and hospitality extended to him and his delegation during the visit and invited President Hu for another visit to Mexico.
The officer would also promote activities related to the Treaty and, along with the existing support of the Office for Disarmament Affairs and IAEA, prepare for the preparatory committee meetings and the review conferences.
Input to mission budget preparation
(e) The adoption of the Gender Equality Act in 2006;
 32. The status of the negotiations between the Government of Guatemala and the Unidad Revolucionaria Nacional Guatemalteca (URNG) has improved considerably since the submission of my last report on the situation in Central America (A/48/586).
98. Mr. Stigelsky (Belarus) said that since his delegation's concerns had been incorporated in the revised text (A/C.3/62/L.26/Rev.1), Belarus would join the sponsors of the draft resolution and withdraw its proposed amendment, contained in document A/C.3/62/L.27.
The Guide addresses, in a comprehensive way, almost all types of movable asset that are important to modern commercial financing transactions: equipment, inventory, receivables (the Guide incorporates the principles of the United Nations Convention on the Assignment of Receivables and supplements the Convention; the "Receivables Convention"), the right to payment of funds credited to a bank account, the right to receive the proceeds under an independent undertaking, negotiable instruments, negotiable documents and intellectual property rights (see recommendation 2, subpara. (a)).
Yet these three reasons for not discussing insurance provide three excellent reasons why we should learn more about it.
Response precautionary statements
By analysing trends and patterns in complaints, companies can identify systemic problems and adapt their practices accordingly.
The two doctors, therefore, entered the room alone.
Further, it has granted tax exemptions on these devices under the Customs and Excise Act.
Carry out practical training workshops focusing on the segregation and treatment of hazardous biomedical and health-care wastes using the technical guidelines on ESM of biomedical and healthcare wastes and other relevant publications.
6. Promotion and protection of the rights of children [item 65]:
Vocabulary test is an important element of language test.
Our Only Defense, Should They Rise Against Us: If the octopi are attacking, theres really not a whole lot we can do
I put on the wizard's crystal clear to give clothes, in the boundless earth shed moisture dew, ding-dong sounds murmur Whispers.
Room 3
Delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list of speakers for the general debate relating to agenda item 86 are kindly requested to notify the Secretariat (room S-3380, tel: 963-9223).
Cooperation with United Nations Programmes and bodies and specialized agencies HRI has worked closely with UNICEF to establish an international network of children's rights information, completing a study of the information that intergovernmental organizations maintain on children's rights, and producing a directory and database of non-governmental children's rights organizations with an interest in information.
ECA and UNDP, within their mandate to lead the consultations on governance, have jointly organized two annual Africa governance forums.
The setback suffered by the Haitian people recently in the wake of tropical storms and hurricanes starkly illustrates the tenuous and precarious situation in that country.
List of awards and nominations received by Lady Gaga
Everyone kept saying, 'Annie, so when are we dancing at your wedding?' People talked--people have always liked to talk.
The Council continued its consideration of the request of the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic that an issue relating to a category E corporate claim filed by the Government of Israel be brought to the Council's attention, in the light of an information note prepared by the secretariat on the issue.
Letters to Doctors - 2007
The researchers said other emotionally turbulent sporting events could likely produce the same effect.
Report on activities carried out in 2007 in the framework of the United Nations Platform for Space-based Information for Disaster Management and Emergency Response
You want me to kiss his ass
They overflew the Salman, Ashbajah and Ansab areas.
Report by Kazakhstan on measures taken to implement Security Council resolution 1540 (2004)
Despite having only a light accent in the film, Chou spoke close to no English before stepping on the set of The Green Hornet.
The toxicity is similar to other chlorinated compounds such as PDDD/Fs and PCBs, PBBs and PBDEs and is mainly mediated via induction of cytochrome P-450 enzymes.
These measures are calculated to discourage illicit traffic in LMOs.
The bilateral development assistance programmes established by Australia in the Asia and Pacific region, for their part, had long supported the promotion of equal opportunities and equal rights for women.
[on the report of the First Committee (A/65/406)]
Through his lack of experience, he is no more skillful than Alice in practical operation.
The holder of a bond is paid interest until date when the bond matures.
Goods vehicles - 31,300
User ml
251. In recognition of the importance of public office the Solomon Islands Government developed a "Code of Conduct" for the Solomon Islands Public Service in 2009.
Non-verbal communication includes facial expressions, eye contact, tone of voice, body posture and motions, and positioning within groups.
The Executive Director recommends that in the afternoon on Wednesday, 18 February, the ministerial meeting be organized by the Government of Denmark, the host of the fifteenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which will take place in 2009.
IV. Methodology for environmental management system
His nerve understandably began to crack.
Neptune also continues to wander through your sign, periodically getting lost and perhaps confusing you in the process.
(b) Review of existing norms of international law applicable to space debris (proposed by the Czech Republic and Greece);
United Nations police and formed police
I continue carefully preserving my tires on the tarmac surface.
Animation is a highly teamwork and standardization of the management control system engineering.
B. Matters brought to the attention of the Council
Individuals or entities interested in obtaining a licence for an activity involving the manufacture, processing, import, export, storage, transport, acquisition, transfer and use of restricted items mentioned in article 2 of these regulations must apply to the Ministry of National Defence.
It provides the static storage management and dynamic procedure management for the enterprises'product data.
The Committee would welcome information on progress in this regard and details of the measures that Brazil has taken or intends to take in order fully to implement paragraph 1 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The latter is of course done by use of the Growth Accelerator.
Excursion Operations
18 October -- p.m.
26. Climate Institute, Washington D.C., United States of America
First, I appeal to all States to make a success of the Second Review Conference of the Ottawa Landmines Ban Convention, to be held in Colombia in December, and, in particular, to ensure improved assistance to victims.
V. Conclusions and recommendations
They also check the references in Notes and opinions and provide other assistance as required.
These agreements facilitate the delocalization of production processes by removing behind-the-border obstacles to trade.
2. Reiterates its strong support for the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Lebanon within its internationally recognized boundaries;
There were significant differences regarding the provision of diplomatic privileges.
Rule 76
A heart lead runs up to South's a - Q.
On August 29-30, 2005 the Council of national coordinators of SCO member states held a meeting at the SCO Secretariat.
7. Reaffirms that information disclosed shall be kept confidential, and that written requests for access to internal audit reports should include the reason and purpose for the request and an affirmation to adhere to the procedures of disclosure, as stipulated in documents DP/2008/16/Rev.1, DP/FPA/2008/14 and DP/2008/55;
Other activities
DCPI DPI, UNESCO
Receipts, disbursements and changes in trust fund balances Balances as at
Both individual operation and household operation shall be allowed for individual industrial and commercial households.
The above are being implemented with the exception of the curriculum, which is still under development.
Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II
An important component of the effort in this area will include advocating measures to tackle structural sources of poverty, with particular emphasis on increasing employment and income-generating activities, including support to informal sector activities, skill development and acquisition programmes to empower the poor; and improvement of the delivery of basic social services targeted at the most vulnerable and disadvantaged groups.
Considering that the establishment of a ban on all flights in the airspace of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya constitutes an important element for the protection of civilians as well as the safety of the delivery of humanitarian assistance and a decisive step for the cessation of hostilities in Libya,
47. UNMIK has continued its successful mediation between the Kosovo Albanian and Kosovo Serb communities in northern Kosovo, including by defusing tensions surrounding the Kroi i Vitakut/Brdjani reconstruction activities, in close cooperation with EULEX and KFOR.
Non-nuclear-weapon States demand that nuclear-weapon States provide assurances not to use nuclear weapons against them, set forth a timetable for the elimination of all nuclear weapons and put it into practice at the earliest possible date.
(a) The geographic scope of the report should be global, and the report should take into account different national realities, capacities and levels of development and respect national policies and priorities;
2. Accessibility of the voting system
1. To ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography (Slovenia, Spain, Morocco, Chile, Belarus);
This methodology gives a reliable overview as regards the physical persons crossing the Estonian border to travel abroad (outbound travel) or to enter Estonia (inbound travel).
to the United Nations (Vienna) addressed to the Secretary-General
It should also be noted that, in the light of recent experience, the average cost of rotation travel has been increased to $1,900 per person for one way, compared with $1,700 applied in the approved budget for 2001/02.
(b) Enhance technical and financial assistance for the implementation of programmes of macroeconomic stabilization in order to ensure sustained economic growth and sustainable development;
I told you, if you were ever shrimp - boat captain. That I'd be your first mate.
Equally important are the social, cultural, economic, political and other conditions that make people need medical care in the first place.
Yesterday I met a man who seemed (t0 be) the famous actor.
14 June 1998
The dragons are depicted frolicking in clouds above the sea.
Approximation theory
Eugene looked at the hard weak.
School Culture potentially affects each school person's attitude, habit, value idea and behavior.
Final, everybody held the meeting afresh, agree with fart eye consistently to should be become first.
Education
31. Percentage of students enrolled in tertiary education in an ICT field or an ICT-dominated field (of the total number of students) (by gender)
Tomislav Ivić
Duarte, California
Rule 124.02 and rule 124.03 - the term `Property Survey Board' is no longer applicable and is to be replaced by "Review Committees" to capture all relevant review committees of UNDP relating to procurement and asset acquisition and disposals;
We also reaffirm the pertinent provisions of the Charter relating to the General Assembly and the necessity to ensure full respect for the role and responsibility of the General Assembly as enshrined in the Charter.
It should also be pointed out that the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide obliges the international community to prevent, stop and punish genocide.
3. Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, London
In its resolution 2006/9, the Economic and Social Council endorsed the Commission's proposed future organization and methods of work.
4. The situation of women and girls in prison, including issues relating to the children of women in prison
25 September 2007
IV. SUMMARY
The panel of judges commented that SMARTICS was comprehensive and included more than 20 innovative security features. It was impressive in its ability to smoothly integrate registration and backend operations ... a world first for complexity, innovation and transaction volumes, they said.
F Amount of time lost owing to late starting/early ending (hours and minutes rounded to the nearest five minutes, e.g. 5.25 = 5 hours and 25 minutes)
Also on 10 March, Israeli occupying forces shot and killed 18-year-old Saji Sayel Darwish from the village of Beiteen near Ramallah.
The Working Group adopted the following agenda:
With regard to the mobilization of financial resources, the EU welcomed the recent appointment of the first five goodwill ambassadors, who would help improve UNIDO's visibility and profile with Governments and in business circles.
These have proven so popular, you can even find them on people's license plates!
Traffic is very heavy during the rush hour.
A new phase is now being initiated in which a long-term development strategy must be designed to improve the living conditions of the population.
There were conferences and contests organized, e.g. the "Breaking down stereotypes in advertising" contest for advertisers and advertisements creators who break down stereotypes, including those concerning gender.
Ten children were slightly injured in the attack.
Armed conflicts were also identified as causes of marine degradation, both for direct action such as attacks on oil transport systems and for the diversion of resources from environmental management.
The Committee is also concerned about the banning of newspapers (art. 19).
Mr. ABASCAL (Mexico) said that the proposal by the observer for IBA for an explanation in the Guide to Enactment that not all countries might need to enact the provision in paragraph (2) was useful.
Are there documented electrical  test  parameters in the Electrical Test area? Including the carbon ink resistance?
Current Government initiatives for rural women include a continuing commitment to consultation and leadership development, improving delivery of health services to women in rural Australia, access to information and communications technology and jobs in rural industries.
The Principal Deputy Special Representative will also ensure a coordinated and integrated approach by the Mission’s four components, namely, Civil Administration (led by the United Nations), Humanitarian Affairs Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Institution building (Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE)) and reconstruction (European Union).
It further commends efforts made by other African leaders in support of the efforts of OAU.
Wait a second. That's not our chair.
In addition, Doha is to host, during the current year, the Doha Forum on Democracy, Development and Free Trade and the Doha Inter-faith Forum.
United Nations agencies, including FAO, UNDP, UNICEF, WFP and many others do excellent work in promoting development.
Form of reservations
Arouse the enthusiasm that the society of various fields launches fire control work, set up the social mechanism of management of security against fire taken charge in unison and jointly administrate;
Smt. Bharathi S. Sihag
The matrix is being updated regularly to reflect progress and new initiatives.
They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
The Mission's findings rested primarily on signs of burning in and around the two impact sites visited, which was assumed to have been caused by burning engine fuel from a regular GRAD (BM-21) fragmentation rocket.
2005/299. Report of the Commission on the Status of Women on its fortyninth session and provisional agenda and documentation for the fiftieth session of the Commission
Lopes stabbed and killed the lover and then chased his naked wife into the street and stabbed her to death.
(c) Investigate the activities of the environmental protection brigade and the brigade responsible for searching for weapons and ensure effective control over their future actions;
Source: Transparency International Global Corruption Barometer 2004
His Excellency Mr. Joe Demas, Chairman of the Delegation of Papua New Guinea.
Gender mainstreaming has as a prerequisite that it is possible to assess the conditions of persons.
Chris Peterson, a happiness researcher at the University of Michigan, suspects there are other factors at play as well
In secondary market, lending, trading and bond repurchase have also increased significantly.
Those efforts have been supported by development partners through such programmes as the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria and the President's Malaria Initiative launched by the United States Government to provide financial resources to African countries to fight malaria.
(Candidate: News influences people by only reporting certain things and leaving out parts that could matter
This is an indictment for government.
They fill you with the faults they had and add some extra just for you.
www.un.org/russian/ecosoc
They've brought in some reasonable people terms of economic advisors.
- Ms. Mehrnaz Kamrouz-e-Khodayar, held in Evin prison in Tehran on charges of having been affiliated with a banned left-wing party.
The editor told me that he would issue my recent poems in about a month's time.
My first interview with the manager was curious.
Congolese nationality is currently governed by Decree-Law No. 197 of 29 January 1999, amending and supplementing Act No. 81-002 of 29 June 1981, which constitutes Volume I of the Family Code.
Paragraph 2:
An integrated policy will take into consideration available local industrial capacities, technical skills, infrastructure facilities and fiscal regimes in fixing local-content targets in field development projects.
Mrs. Mokhuane attended the meeting on behalf of the Committee and reported to the members.
(f) Develop specialized gerontological services and improve coordination of their activities with primary health-care and social care services.
No country or group of countries had the right to deprive others of their legal rights for political reasons.
Security of local populations improved through better FARDC conduct and discipline
Pre-statehood history of Idaho
Mr. Adamu
6. The arms trade treaty should provide provisions to prevent diversion and prohibit transfer that are likely to be used in conflicts by non-State actors or negatively affect the regional security.
And fourth, as a result of that exclusion, you end up with a professional class.
Political history of Turkey
You will create a subjective copy of a destination and enter it.
 This programme, as we see it, should define and prioritize its objectives and clearly articulate the responsibilities of all actors at the national, regional and international levels.
Voltage source
In the field of vocational training, the intention is to continue the policy of devoting special budgets to training for women.
But the company, under new leadership since 2005, has worked to erase that imperious reputation by bending to the quirks of local markets and taking on local partners.
She did what was asked of her without a sound.
He denounced my [ me ] telling lies .
Skylights in the roof allow sunlight to reach the living rainforest and coral reef. They also open automatically to allow heat to escape, photographer: Justine Lee ?
165. The conflict in Angola is over, we hope forever, but the criminal networks that were vital in sustaining this long and exhaustive war effort are still there, looking for new opportunities from which to profit.
Q: Mr. Zardari was elected as Pakistani new president.
We have a large well-trained and relatively low-cost labor force. We have a healthy fiscal balance, a sound financial system and adequate funds
Letter dated 25 September 2014 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
Reporter has learned that the China Securities Regulatory Commission agreed that the China Futures Margin Monitoring Center before the formal establishment of the Shanghai headquarters.
January
Little was done to cool credit growth, or to halt the fatal reliance on foreign capital.
It was also necessary to ascertain whether a State could offer diplomatic protection to members of its nationality when a company that had been registered or set up in another State was injured by an act of the latter State.
Eric: Actually, I'm learning that now, But it's too hard for me. You know the four tones and the stuff. It really freaks me out.
Paragraphs Page
Horizontal audit of the United Nations Treasury operations at Headquarters, Geneva, Nairobi and Vienna
"(a) Elimination of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;
(d) The draft “information kit on technical cooperation in the area of juvenile justice” was presented to the members of the Panel.
Seventh and eighth periodic reports of States parties due in 2011
Today, the Chinese people, while sharing the technological accomplishments with the rest of the world, are contributing their part in all fields to propelling the advance of science and technology in the world.
April
Without action in these areas, it will be difficult to mitigate effectively ecosystem impacts of fishing activities.
C. Concerns and recommendations
Mr. James Kariuki
The trees make a pleasant frame to the house.
At Al-Hakim Foundation, we firmly believe that the current session of the Commission on the Status of Women offers a great opportunity for the voice of rural women to be heard at the local, national and international levels.
Basic Law Bulletin - A Summary
Later on, '89 showed how understanding comes to cities
Slovenia 1/ 2/ 6/ 10/
As part of the process, documents are frequently printed from these systems, manually routed, photocopied, filed and the information re-entered into other systems, incurring associated costs.
Introduction: small kitty will be the magical witch taken away.
Thailand reaffirms its commitment to pursuing the four goal areas of the Plan of Action: promoting healthy lives; providing quality education; protecting children against abuse, exploitation and violence; and combating HIV/AIDS.
45. Details of this package were communicated to the Government of the Sudan by the Secretary-General and the Chairperson of the African Union Commission in identical letters addressed to President Al-Bashir on 24 January 2007.
All United States retirees are required to participate in Medicare if eligible as at 1 January 2011, with the exception of those retirees that were 75 years or older as of that date.
It is incumbent upon all States to defend, preserve and promote the purposes and principles of the UN Charter and the principles of international law, in particular pacific settlement of disputes and the non-use or threat of use of force; and
111. The following recommendations enjoy the support of the Comoros, which considers that they are already implemented or in the process of implementation: 111.1 Ratify the ICCPR and CAT (Botswana);
Under Chinese court rules, prisoners cannot meet their families during the investigation, trial and appeal process.
The government provides free medical care for all Tibetans.This, plus considerable improvements in medical and health conditions, has greatly raised the average life span and health level of the Tibetan people.
The concept of operations also envisages that the military, police and civilian components of MISCA work together to support the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of former combatants from the Central African Republic, as well as the repatriation of foreign fighters.
Estimate 2004-2005: 65 countries
Conclusions and recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Belarus (A/HRC/4/16, paras. 51-65).
In the experiments of potted plant and middle-system, we researched dephosphorization efficiency of different plants in underground-ditch-pattern soil treatment and artificial wetland.
UNEP, in cooperation with the Secretariat of the Basel Convention, will continue to promote resource augmentation through waste recovery, reuse and recycling, supported by awareness-raising activities and practical application strategies, in particular for municipal waste at the local level and for certain material flows also at the global level.
Each of us will remember what happened that day and to whom it happened.
 In addition, modern society was witnessing the erosion of the traditional family structure.
33. Statistics Canada's Quality Assurance Framework (2002) is descriptive in the sense that it situates existing quality-related policies and practices within a common framework.
We have concerns, we have expressed those concerns, and we have committed ourselves to addressing them, but it is not our position to hold hostile policies against North Korea.
The current will have set us far to the eastward, he thought.
Adopted by the Security Council at its 5813th meeting, on 21 December 2007
First the teacher gives the example, then let the monitor who got worksheets A ask the students who got worksheets B about the missing information one by one, then exchange. worksheet,
22 February 1993b
In selecting the right candidate there should be careful scrutiny of the TORs, the estimated cost and duration of the contract, and the skills and competence of all suitable candidates, as well as past performance, if applicable.
 63. About $10,000 was expended for subscriptions ordered through Headquarters for international subscriptions, airlines guides, technical manuals and publications, whereas $31,400 was expended in the field for subscriptions to local area newspapers and periodicals.
427. The Committee urges the State party to intensify its efforts to combat all forms of trafficking in women and girls.
2005/13. 2010 World Population and Housing Census Programme
Affirming that there are different approaches, visions, models and tools available to each country in accordance with its national circumstances and priorities, to achieve sustainable development;
She found out exactly where each one was on the map in her red guidebook.
 39. The figures contained in the Government's plan confirm my statements in previous reports that the National Police was significantly strengthened after the signing of the Peace Accords.
Accordingly, in defining the Commission's jurisdiction, the "E2" Panel determined that not only was the debt of Iraq that had accumulated during the war between Iran and Iraq in the 1980s excluded from the Commission's jurisdiction, but also subsequent debts resulting from performance rendered by claimants more than three months prior to 2 August 1990, that is, prior to 2 May 1990.
In contrast to a selection object, no value set is pre - defined by a modification object.
"Recognizing also that poverty eradication and the achievement and preservation of peace are mutually reinforcing, and recognizing further that peace is inextricably linked to equality between women and men and to development,
The decrease of $217,100 is due to: (a) a decrease of $195,100 related to the outward redeployment of one General Service (Principal level) post to subprogramme 1 in order to provide paralegal and administrative support to legal officers who need to address complex legal matters arising from recent decisions to establish the residual mechanism for international tribunals, to which increased legal support from the Office of Legal Affairs is required; (b) an increase of $155,800 related to the inward redeployment of one General Service (Other level) from subprogramme 6 to support activities under the United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law; offset by (c) a decrease of $155,800 related to the proposed abolition of one General Service (Other level) Team Assistant post, in line with resolution 67/248, as reflected in table 8.6, item 2 "Reduction in substantive support from assistants", of the present report; and (d) reductions totalling $22,000 under the heading "Non-post" with respect to other staff costs and contractual services, in line with resolution 67/248.
Develop a strategy to facilitate the joint participation of civil society and all organizations/agencies involved in mine victim assistance to execute activities that will benefit mine survivors by 2006.
COMPILATION OF COMMENTS AND PROPOSALS
"Self-Assessment Form for Evaluating Compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance"(Privacy.SAFE)
(b) Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes;
For such planning to be meaningful, it must be reflected in a relatively rapid recruitment and placement process, and far greater efforts must be made to ensure that candidates who passed the national competitive examination were placed promptly.
When did you hear about the wedding?
For that reason, recommendation 7 (d) of the report had proposed requesting the Secretary-General to review access policy for those documents, particularly those connected with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The recalcitrants were mostly small rural banks.
And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.
A company which is merged or divided shall apply for registration within 90 days from the date of making the resolution or decision of merger or division, and should submit the merger agreement and resolution or decision of merger of division, the certificates of the company's public notices of the merger or division carried in a newspaper at least three times and the illustration of paying debt or of debt assurance.
(f) Respecting environmental qualities of proposed residential sites.
The election was a close - run thing.
Moreover, most existing FSM solutions also seem to ignore the issue.
Artificial insemination of animals. Individual parkaging of frozen bull semen. Presentation of characteristic data.
As part of the program, funding grants go to national women's non-government organisations for projects that contribute to public policy and/or service development, or to help national women's non-government organisations become more effective.
- fainting,
Until then, I've heard that some of her perfumes are OK.
Over the years, they have also pointed to certain trends in recent marine scientific research (see A/54/429, paras. 528-541; A/53/456, paras. 434-449; A/51/645, paras. 286-294; and A/50/713, paras. 239-246).
Karluks
He said that what it had done was to extend and strengthen the no-fly zone and to strike air defences, meaning that every day President Saddam Hussein had to pay the price for his ability to manoeuvre inside his country.
105. As another means of fostering the development of new ideas, my Personal Envoy will also encourage the parties to facilitate visits by diplomats, legislators, journalists and others to permit the international community to gain a greater understanding of the views of those directly affected by the conflict.
In August 2008, Covenant House collaborated with UNICEF, the Attorney General's Office of Guatemala and other governmental organizations in Guatemala to prepare a draft law that develops a system for assisting and protecting the victims of sexual trafficking, violence and exploitation in Guatemala, which was presented to Congress.
me get back to you.
Office of the Force Commander
The progress made in this effort provides a solid foundation for the Working Group to submit its outcome on the terms currently under discussion to the 2015 Review Conference.
BMW 3 Series
Franklin D. Murphy Sculpture Garden
All interlocutors expressed disparate views about the future role and mandate of the armed forces, including with respect to border operations, for which they currently do not have the appropriate training or equipment.
Scallop Hill
A good example is of, which is supposed to translate as de in Portuguese.
B. Globalization, gender relations and the situation of women 30 40 15
The Assembly, in paragraph 75 of its resolution 65/247, decided to defer the issue until its sixty-sixth session.
The Appeals Chamber delivered one Judgement on review in the Šljivančanin case and one appeal Judgement in the Hartmann case.
The trees in your orchard say not so, nor the flocks in your pasture.
From bankers to factory staff, employees in the West face the bleak prospect of losing their jobs as a global recession starts to bite.
(Signed) Michel Kafando
Dates, venue and provisional agenda for the fourth session of the Committee.
That cooperation had led to the strengthening of funds for development of communication projects.
:: Water for food security
The other group had examined the key issue of the arms listed in the definition of war crimes.
"Role" Ltd., Vice-President of Medicine
Quality management system planning program or quality system to establish work plan; quality system change is planning, in order to maintain the integrity of the quality system.
I believe we met at a concert last year.I'm Taylor.
The games, which have strange rules, involve a spirit that has more to do with brute force than with athletics
Lieutenant Governors of Wisconsin
Don't ever go swimming right after eating or else you'll get cramps.
Rick Lacaille, chief investment officer, Europe, for State Street Global Advisors, said: “Understanding the motivations of new entrants to the markets could be useful.
The Law permits the aggrieved to take civil action for compensation before the criminal courts in cases involving statutory offences.
At the same time, food aid has a crucial role to fulfil in times of emergency.
A special unit affiliated to the Council of Ministers was working in conjunction with other government bodies to ensure that women's social and legal guarantees were respected and that progress would continue to be made in that sphere.
57/261 Promoting an integrated management approach to the Caribbean Sea area in the context of sustainable development
Current loans
A law aimed at preventing juvenile delinquency, child neglect and child homelessness has been adopted.
Requests the Secretariat to maintain a list of national and international, governmental and non-governmental bodies and agencies represented as observers at meetings of the Conference of the Parties, for the purpose of inviting observers to those meetings and for official communications with observers during the periods between meetings of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies;
102. Rwanda
Gabonese sportspeople
Implemented (see A/63/668 and Add.1).
Evaluation, the last phase in the cycle, is required under Regulation 6.1 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation:
The estimates for externally funded capital programmes amount to more than $25 million, to be divided among 30 projects that range from multi-million dollar road projects to small, $20,000 projects.
Chocolate contains lots of meaning.
The Centre promotes South-South cooperation for environmentally sound technology transfer and partnership-building with international organizations and national stakeholders.
Sue look solicitously out of the window.
United Nations, 1973
37. The outcome document of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, adopted on 22 June 2012, contains 12 paragraphs that focus on science and technology for sustainable development.
Deposit your money in the bank to keep It'safe.
61/547 and 61/503 A
Female: When theres no distance between them, theres no difficulty in hearing whether they agree.
The Special Rapporteur was often reminded of the shortage of teachers in many conversations she had, and this has been a constant theme in the domestic media.
It doesn Expressing Different Opinions 646. He is a very creative student.
Achernar
The development of these enterprises is constrained by current high costs of launching and operating enterprises, and the Government has supported greater deregulation to facilitate financing and helped small and medium-scale enterprises to acquire the required human resources.
31. The Government continues to lack the capacity to deal with the Sinoe County problem.
They reaffirmed the need to strictly adhere to the development mandate of the Doha Ministerial Declaration, the decision of the General Council of the World Trade Organization of 1 August 2004 and the Hong Kong Ministerial Declaration, which place development at the heart of the multilateral trading system.
Considering the practice of States parties concerning the implementation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,
Those data acquisition activities are important not only for each country but also for the entire region of East Asia, including Japan, because severe ionospheric disturbances such as plasma bubbles are generated at low latitudes and often reach mid-latitudes during high solar activity.
Maine State House
9.8 The strategic plans of the African Union Commission and NEPAD for the period 2014-2017 coincide with ongoing negotiations to craft a successor programme to the Ten-Year Capacity-building Programme for the African Union by 2016 and the decision to develop an African agenda for the 50 years leading to 2063 to increase the coherence of the actions and initiatives of the African Union and its organs and of key stakeholders and partners.
It should help equip developing countries with realistic policy choices to enable them to maximize the opportunities and deal with the risks of globalization and economic integration.
Ukraine
5. Condemns in the strongest terms the physical assault against the Interim President of Mali, Mr. Dioncounda Traoré, on 21 May 2012, calls for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and supports in this regard the announced establishment of a Malian investigation commission, and calls upon all Malian stakeholders to desist from unlawful conduct, harassments and acts of violence and to support the work of the Transitional authorities;
With funding support from the Central Emergency Response Fund, Norway and New Zealand, the UNFPA comprehensive package for emergency obstetric and neonatal care at the levels of primary health care at Ri (organizational unit) clinics and hospitals, and of referral at county hospitals, was extended to 273 villages in 11 focus counties.
Item 10
Its not something that I'm ashamed of, just isn't something around telling everyone.
I'm henry plainview.
(a) The status of acceptance of each of the five United Nations treaties on outer space;
Human is such a strange animal that when we mostly did not cherish something until we lost it.
4. Specific Locations Visited: All Teams
New Caledonia has a free universal education system.
But God, who has no reason to be threatened by us, invites a steady and honest flow of communication.
Its focus is on strengthening the policy dialogue on indigenous peoples' rights and development in the region.
It also expresses its appreciation to the State party for the written replies to the list of issues and questions raised by the pre-session working group and for the oral presentation and further clarification in response to the questions posed orally by the Committee.
I used all the strength that I had!” “No, son,” corrected the father kindly.
Abstaining:
The doctor is not in, he was called away to an accident.
7. The Sixth BWC Review Conference expressed "the need for all States Parties to deal effectively with compliance issues."
In addition to the system of basic, intermediate, university and higher education, there is a special military academy for girls in Tripoli.
The numerical values available in Newton's time were not highly precise.
The terms of reference of the mission are set out in annex I to the present report.
Rev. Wu Hong-yu, a Chinese Clergyman who ever Participated the American Civil War
International agricultural products trade dispute will exist for a long time, even worsen.
However, this does not mean that every acquisition of nationality upon a succession of States must have a consensual basis.
CONTENTS
 The Assembly, in its resolution 3101 (XXVIII), adopted in 1973, took these principles fully into account in establishing the current special scale of assessments for peace-keeping operations.
Option 2: Except as required by national law, operational entities shall not disclose information obtained from CDM project participants marked as proprietary or confidential, where such information is not otherwise publicly available without a written consent of the provider of the information.
V. Workshop outcomes
Amartya Sen provided the rationale for considering these human development indicators as components of the notion of well-being which, for him, means the ability of a person to lead a life that she values a life that is equated to "being and doing".
While the language in the draft resolution is based on previous versions of this draft, it has been updated to reflect the new international security imperatives that we face today.
13 Keep that in mind.
(b) Properly investigate cases of violence, through a child-sensitive judicial procedure by giving appropriate weight to children's views in legal proceedings, and apply sanctions to perpetrators, having due regard to guaranteeing the right to privacy of the child;
5.3 In its jurisprudence, the European Court of Human Rights has stated with regard to another State, that "the automatic and mechanical application of [the timeframe requirement] for submitting an asylum application must be considered at variance with the protection of the fundamental value embodied in article 3 of the Convention."
And I said, "Well, that's how you know only stupid people go into it. "
She added that UNDP expected to save approximately $50 million through efficiency gains.
Mr. Kyaw Tint Swe
56. The Republika Srpska continues to challenge the indirect taxation system, including the State's competence for indirect taxation.
Trafficking and exploitation of prostitution
For example, the integration of local and indigenous communities in sustainable forest management has strengthened the implementation of the IPF/IFF proposals for action.
Could you cash this traveler's check (for me)Would you cash these traveler's checks ()Can you change these traveler's checks
While acknowledging that globalization offered both risks and opportunities, some stated that an equitable approach involving all nations in decision-making processes was essential.
An acknowledgement will be sent upon receipt of application by the Immigration Department.
Cherry
3.3 The analysis identified, on a preliminary basis, the following potential areas of assistance needs, with the understanding that further assessments may be necessary.
Ray Kroc
The President of the Council made a closing statement.
Recent experimental studies show adverse effects on important biological endpoints in aquatic organisms, such as effects on the thyroid hormone system, reproductive toxicity, reduced survival, growth and fitness (Ref. 1).
He also only owns one tie, frayed and greasy that it looks more like a shoelace.
Refugee children
It was noted that, as a result of those two principles, not only sellers and financial lessors but also lenders could obtain an acquisition financing right that enjoyed super-priority (in other words, priority as of the time of the delivery of tangible property other than inventory, provided that a notice was registered in the general security rights registry within the applicable grace period).
Objective To study the curative effect of pterygium excision with conjunctival transplantation.
The Panel considers that Engineering Projects should have kept duplicates of such documents outside of Iraq.
LETTER DATED 14 MAY 1999 FROM THE CHARGÉ D'AFFAIRES A.I. OF THE PERMANENT MISSION OF YUGOSLAVIA TO THE UNITED NATIONS
I'm not wearing this.
9. Preventing violence against women and girls requires sustained, long-term initiatives that target the root causes of violence.
The authorities have been engaged in consultation with civil society since 2011 on the adoption of a legal framework that would guarantee effective access to information.
The father frequently comes in with a self-satisfied air, and proudly recounts what he has accomplished during the day.
There was one survivor.
From adolescence onwards, they cosmetically adorn their lips, applying lipstick and colours. They have been doing so since ancient Egypt.
(vii) What are the funding levels for the following programme
The Constitution entrenches this statement of principle under Chapter IV on Human Rights in that:
If CO2 emissions are not brought under control, the rate of acidification will continue to accelerate – with deadly effects on the ocean’s inhabitants.
In particular, the notion that putting more kids through college can restore the middle-class society we used to have is wishful thinking.
Semi - flexible, potting compound that exhibits excellent electrical and physical properties over a wide range of temperatures.
However, since then both cases have been repeatedly adjourned, primarily due to the lack of legal representation for the accused.
Yūzō Tashiro
It was pointed out that human embryonic cloning conflicted with international legal norms protecting human dignity.
What used to protect us (distance, government intervention, foresight, classic defense methods) has been weakened, and now offers little or no protection.
Latest statistics also shows that there were over 760,000 visitors coming to Macau on the first seven days of the New Year of the Pig, a growth of 18% over the same period last year.
Trust Fund for Innovative Partnerships
Indeed, peace and stability cannot be achieved in the Middle East while the massive nuclear arsenal of this regime continues to threaten the region and beyond.
The presence of these officers has resulted in the increased identification of lessons learned and best practices from the respective field missions.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate osteogenic characteristics of rat bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells co-cultured with osteoblasts.
iii. Reinforce gender mainstreaming mechanisms in government institutions and state agencies for policies, programmes, processes and budgeting
I'm going straight home to veg--maybe watch a little television, then go to bed.
IC 4651
3 November 1972a
Statements were made by representatives of seven Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
He also indicates, in paragraph 9, that these efforts have resulted in the receipt of 91 per cent of all required material on site and 90 per cent completion of the main building as at 30 September 2013.
(o) Adopt the new rate for the provision of level II services by level III medical facilities;
When you arrive at the Arctic Coast of Russia the first thing you can see is tons of garbage and rusty barrels.
Provide leadership and mobilize resources, including for the African Elephant Fund and other wildlife-related funding mechanisms for strengthening the fight against the illegal trade in wildlife and wildlife products, in particular by making sure that the evidence on the trends and extent of the illegal trade, and action being taken, is robust and up to date;
44. In 2010, the ILO Committee of Experts urged the United States to take immediate and effective measures to comply with article 1 of the Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention (No. 182), read with article 3 (d), to prohibit children under 18 years of age from engaging in dangerous work in agriculture.
Other collection of links to Overseas Environmental Agencies
 Otherwise, their implacable goal of rearming and returning one day to the battle field promises a long night of recurring horror for Central Africa.
Squeezing through a cave, he found a village, the residents of which were descendants of refugees from the Qin Dynasty.
30. Equally crucial was support for human resources development.
(iii) Deferred credits include income received for future periods and income received but not yet earned;
Moreover, coalition members could convince other relevant regional players to push for a lasting peace.
We should find peaceful ways of settling international disputes rather than appeal to arms.
4. At the 74th meeting, on 2 June, the representative of Egypt, Vice-Chairman of the Committee and coordinator of the informal consultations on this item, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Peace Forces headquarters" (A/C.5/54/L.61).
Be skeptical. Test and measure and see if the truth is a useful hypothesis to help move the discussion forward.
The President: If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly has concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 84.
Barbados
They first looked for mutations in 22 cancerous breast and colorectal tumors.
Unless otherwise provided by the Act on Social Services or by the Act on Legal Protection and Administration in Social Matters, decisions by the municipal council may be appealed to the National Social Appeals Board (Ankestyrelsen) in pursuance of the rules of Part 10 of the Act on Legal Protection and Administration in Social Matters.
It's nearly your home city!
445. As described in the initial report, the guiding principle of Korea's international cultural exchange is to benefit both parties mutually.
Bermuda
"Anyone who acquires, converts or transfers property, resources or rights arising from crimes related to traffic in controlled substances, crimes committed by public officials in the exercise of their duties or crimes committed by criminal organizations, with the intent of concealing or covering up their nature, origin, location, destination, movement or true ownership, shall be punished by one to six years' imprisonment and a fine of 100 to 500 days.
Since China signed the Memorandum of Understanding on technical cooperation relating to human rights with OHCHR in 2000, the two sides have initiated six cooperative projects pertaining to three key areas: ratification of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, implementation of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and human rights education.
Don't even think about writing the information down because you will probably only lose the paper you wrote down on sooner or later.
Having you with me is my biggest happiness for my whole life.
A simple description will not suffice for the explanation.
Most recently, during the Committee's consideration of Ukraine (CRC/C/UKR/CO/3-4, paras. 74 and 75), the Committee raised concern about children working in the informal and illegal economy of the coal-mining sector, where children work under difficult and hazardous conditions.
All registration officials were observed to have appropriate identification.
RHETT: And when I'm dead on the altar order of my country, I hope your conscience hurts you.
Having reviewed the need for such records, the Special Committee decided to maintain its summary records (see A/AC.109/2007/L.14, paras. 8-10).
D. Activities requested by the Commission and proposed for work programmes in 2006 and beyond2
A section on activities by legislative and governing bodies has also been introduced.
The President (spoke in Spanish): Tempus fugit, the Romans used to say.
With an eye toward similar breakthroughs, the stimulus allots $400 million to the Department of Energy for just such an agency.
6.4 The core functions of the Office of the Assistant Secretary-General are as follows:
So even at Aruba, a small start-up, that can't command the same purchasing power as Cisco, for example, I can negotiate good prices because suppliers have confidence in me.
"   under the weatherUnder the weather   "Miss Smith This is Mister Jones here.
Clarins Cleansing Mask Peel fresh, rich variety of ingredients, lotion texture, not dry, easy to clean.
III. INITIATIVES FOR PROGRESS 23 - 26 9
The grass-roots staff in village in region in Chinese race carries the buildup leads modern agricultural heavy responsibility in new village developments in socialism in developments in crowd in farmer in each race.
With regard to agenda item 117, entitled “Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors”, the report of the Fifth Committee is contained in document A/54/506/Add.1.
Test responsiveness . In an open area away from the house or kennel, introduce the scent of the treats.
The Units continue to face substantial problems with logistics, finances, chain of command and full integration.
Travis Well, at least you're talking to me. Maybe I should keep on with the self-abuse : I'm an idiot and my feet smell bad.
We must avoid becoming a bureaucratic, timid organisation - therefore, when necessary, we must have the clarity, courage and determination to change and adapt.
then she lit up a candle, and she showed me the way
The time calculation method can make time setting of the fuze in penetrating warhead reasonable.
86. At the same meeting, the panellists answered questions and made their concluding remarks.
Each pray accepted and each wish resigned.
Yet because you relied on the Lord, He delivered them into your hand
Nicolas Berggruen
"All these have brought substantial benefits to the peoples of the two countries," he said.Hu said that his current visit aims to strengthen friendship and enlarge mutually-beneficial cooperation between the two countries.
1220s in Japan
4.1.2 Any new activity in the following areas may be restricted as circumstances warrant.
Corrigendum
While noting that the Commission had only just begun its consideration of the proposed regulations, the Council recommended a flexible approach to the formulation of regulations, particularly in view of the lack of scientific knowledge relating to deep sea ecosystems.
(i) That has been made, falsified or altered in some material way by anyone other than a person or agency lawfully authorized to make or issue the travel or identity document on behalf of a State; or
Perhaps every country should vote in the UN General Assembly on how to proceed; the option receiving the most votes – with a possible mandatory minimum requirement, such as requiring an alternative to win a majority or some higher number of votes – would prevail.
OF ERITREA TO THE UNITED NATIONS ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
"Is it very far?"Not so very," said Hurstwood.
Family of Majoor Oei Tiong Ham
However, all partnerships require mutual understanding and burden-sharing if they are to flourish.
55. At the 16th meeting, on 19 May, the Chair of the Committee announced that in preparation for the question and answer session every afternoon, the NonGovernmental Organizations Branch would make available to the Committee a list of all the non-governmental organizations that had registered to participate at the session.
For example, seven (39%) of the 18 awarded the National Dance Prize; they took 36% of the National Theatre Awards, 20% of the literature prizes, and 30% of the music awards.
4.7 Crude Marriage Rate (per 1,000 persons)
108. Worldwide, the proportion of ODA earmarked for sustainable soil management and agricultural investments has been in constant decline for twenty-five years.
Perhaps her mother was right, and she was seeing too much of him.
62. SADC would be holding a conference in April 2008 with the goal of promoting poverty eradication and development.
16. The annual review of names that have not been reviewed in three or more years, to be conducted upon the completion of the above-mentioned comprehensive review pursuant to paragraph 26 of resolution 1822 (2008), as well as the annual review of names on the consolidated list of individuals reported to be deceased pursuant to paragraph 22 of the resolution, will be conducted according to the procedure set out in section 9, paragraph (a) of the guidelines.
Page 2. Demands that UNITA fully cooperate without conditions in the immediate extension of State administration throughout the national territory, including in particular in Andulo, Bailundo, Mungo and Nharea, and stop any attempts to reverse this process;
ORGANIZATION OF WORK INCLUDING THAT OF ANY SUBSIDIARY BODIES OF THE CONFERENCE CONTENTS (continued)
Training in and dissemination of the Convention
Import and export activities: are foreign companies operating in the country?
Article 12. Use of automated message systems for contract formation
The government has been an active participant in the slowdown, restricting credit to both developers and housebuyers in order to limit the scope for speculation and prevent bubbles.
Madagascar
(f) To request the Chairperson/Rapporteur of the Working Group, assisted by the Office of the High Commissioner, to prepare two compilations of the submissions received from Governments, groups of Governments and regional groups, as well as the inputs received from other stakeholders, and to present both compilations to the Working Group at its twelfth session;
To that end, they expressed their unwavering support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development (A/57/304, annex).
Miss Thompson , loud -voiced and garrulous , was evidently quite willing to gossip .
Section II K refers to questions relating to the programme budget.
Moreover, operational activities should be carried out for the benefit of recipient countries, at the request of those countries and in accordance with their own national policies and national priorities for development.
Is it worthwhile bargaining two hours for two cents?
The Israeli army has also continued to fire warning shots, throw hand grenades at Lebanese fishing boats, and regularly drop explosive charges in the vicinity of the said Israeli line and within Lebanese territorial waters.
As he continues to be concerned at the lack of voluntary contributions to the Committee's Trust Fund, the Secretary-General welcomes the Gabonese initiative, known as the "Libreville Declaration", which stresses the need for all States members of the Committee to make every effort to pay their contributions on a regular basis.
There's too great a consumption of alcohol in Britain.
Mind the steps when you go down into the cellar.
Report of the Secretary-General
'Stop-loss has a time and place, but it has to be consistent with your overall strategy,' says Michael Mauboussin, chief investment strategist for Legg Mason Capital Management.
The State party should decriminalize sexual relations between consenting adults of the same sex, and repeal the offence of imitating the opposite sex, in order to bring its legislation in line with the Covenant.
Turks and Caicos Islands
While their tendency to determine the permissibility of reservations could be justified on political grounds, from the legal point of view it clearly exceeded their competence unless such power was conferred by the constituent instrument of the regime in question. He saw no contradiction between paragraphs 5 and 7 of the Commission’s Preliminary Conclusions.
24. On market access, a tariff-cutting formula that classifies tariffs into four bands and applies larger cuts for higher tariffs ("tiered formula") had been agreed.
Kazakhstan allotted US$ 50,000 in voluntary contributions to OHCHR in 2008 and 2009.
Tuesday, 9 December 2003
Loser.
The presumption is that any mechanism developed internationally will in due course filter down to States and will be implemented nationally.
Recommendation (paragraph 29): "The Committee urges the State party to take comprehensive measures in order to address all forms of violence against women, including domestic violence.
' After this meeting, Passepartout and Fix got into the habit of chatting together, the latter making it a point to gain the worthy man's confidence.
Mr SO Hoi-pan, Edinson, BBS, JP
The first of these groups departed the camps in November 2011.
34. Each State possesses a one-chamber Legislative Assembly consisting of the Head of State and members elected by the people of that State except the state of Sabah where it has six members appointed by the Governor.
His usual place of residence is in Nablus in the Al-Ma'ajeen neighbourhood.
At the same time, the Committee considered that the controversy concerning such items does not fall within the province of the Committee, which under rule 157 of the rules of procedure is responsible for expert examination of the programme budget of the United Nations. C. S. M. Mselle
That tone makes me think back to my childhood.
Disposition: censure (and continued participation in substance abuse counselling).
Why is it that everyone thinks I'm a fool?
Statements in explanation of vote before the vote were made by the representatives of Ukraine, the Syrian Arab Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Passing lifting wire through the sunken ship is key working procedure for sunken ship salvage.
General temporary assistance
His treatment of her made her feel cheap.
126. Civil society is stepping up its awareness-raising activities and advocacy in favour of the adoption of a law on violence against women.
It also invited Nigeria to implement recommendation 14 with regard to the adoption of legislation to address extrajudicial executions and acts of torture committed by the police.
University of Notre Dame
He is also very supportive of the Government's efforts at the international level, through the holding of a Latin American conference on hunger eradication, la Conferencia Latinoamericana sobre el Hambre Crónica, in September 2005.
By March 2002, the new Beef Island Bridge had not yet been officially commissioned into operation, and motorists driving to Beef Island were being directed to use one lane.19
Capturing the ECB
In the meantime, most orchid still is bold- faced charlatan and swindler.
The rules for recalculation of the occupational injury annuity have been changed.
6 December 1971
Figure 1. Regional distribution of AIJ host Parties, 1997-2001 7
hope our dreams come true.
A unique chance to discover and learn about avantgarde wines with their creators!
"Friends!
This ensures appointment of individuals with impeccable credentials and a reputation of integrity, honesty and impartiality.
They focus clearly on climate mitigation, but also contain elements of adaptation.
In 2001, the incidence of all types of tuberculosis increased from 70.5 cases per 100,000 residents in the previous year to 72.9 cases per 100,000 residents.
Educated in Samoa and New Zealand, holder of one of Samoa's four royal titles and a prominent leader for 22 years during the pre-independence era, His Highness was already groomed to lead Samoa into uncharted waters when he became joint head of State with the late Tupua Tamasese Meaole, upon Samoa's attainment of statehood in 1962.
20.24 During the biennium advice and training will be provided to assist developing countries in meeting increased demands for government services through sound management of all its resources: human, financial and informational.
We are guided by the following principles:
Yuri Gagarin from the former Soviet Union became the first human being to travel in space.
Life breeds both plenitude and void, exuberance and depression.
He fights as you sing prick-song, keeps time, distance, and proportion; rests me his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the very first house, of the first and second cause: ah, the immortal passado
Question of Turks and Caicos
What are the Steps to Inhibit Bubbles From Forming in the Detector Flow Cell?
He calls ittap-dancing to work.
No consensus on those issues was reached.
Our actual expenses for each trainee are much higher.
He saved my ass down there, all right?
6. Decides to consider the renewal of the mandate of the independent expert on the right to development at its sixtyfirst session;
Trade and Development Board
(a) The law of a State that has made a declaration pursuant to paragraph 1 (a) or (b) of this article is the set of rules set forth in section I of the annex;
The service will install and start without any interaction from you.
Studies to analyse the potential applications of images from Canadian RADARSAT satellite for natural resource assessment, mapping and monitoring are being prepared.
Women must have equal statue in society.
2. We recognize the historic significance of the 1977 Tbilisi Declaration adopted by the First Intergovernmental Conference on Environmental Education, and further, we recognize that environmental education processes support and champion education for sustainable development.
Your first: Shall I serve coffee or tea?
The Advisory Committee recommends that the consultancy be used in such a way as to ensure that knowledge and expertise is passed on to staff who can take over these functions.
As low-bed trucks carrying heavy equipment were too wide for deep, sandy, unpaved desert trails, releasing a vehicle stuck on the road took as long as 24 hours.
10 men, 1 woman, 2 boys, 3 unidentified persons
Let my lover come into his garden and taste its choice fruits.
3 United States Census Bureau, Press release, 3 July 2001.
People do not read fiction in order to accomplish a specific task in a limited amount of time, as they read reference and school books.
The Transformative Agenda 2012 agreed by principals of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee in December 2011 reflects these efforts; its key actions include: (a) agreement to deploy where deemed necessary by the principals a senior/emergency humanitarian coordinator within 72 hours of a "Level 3" response, with "empowered leadership" for up to three months to determine priorities and make the necessary decisions; (b) development of an inter-agency rapid response mechanism to ensure that capable and experienced leaders of operational agencies and clusters are deployed rapidly as necessary; and (c) enhancement of mutual accountability between the humanitarian coordinator, humanitarian country team, cluster coordinators and other cluster partners, based on a clear, concise, time-bound and results-oriented strategy to deliver.
(c) To submit during the sixtyseventh session of the General Assembly information on the progress made towards the implementation of programmes and policies related to persons with disabilities within the framework of existing Millennium Development Goals, as well as on their impact;
a SUNS: South-North Development Monitor, 24 January 1998.
Ninth plan accorded priority to agriculture and rural development with a view to generating adequate productive employment and eradication of poverty.
5. Human rights bodies and mechanisms
Moreover, we find reciprocity, trust and open have something to do with the locally individual relationship of entrepreneurs.
you get any sleep on the plane?
Comments received are being incorporated into the final version of the guide, which will be published in the official languages of the United Nations for distribution at the first session of the Conference of the States Parties to the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
He is now also in charge of the work of the Sixth Committee, including matters related to the law of the sea.
(f) Note the withdrawal of the application of one non-governmental organization.
The Education Act, the Protection of Minors Act, the Compulsory Education Act, the Programme for the Development of Chinese Women and other instruments set out corresponding provisions for the education of girls.
The Group noted with concern that the statement of programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.3/65/L.60, as orally revised, had been introduced three weeks after the Third Committee had adopted the draft resolution by a resounding majority.
Emphasizing that enhancing dialogue among civilizations, promoting tolerance, preventing the indiscriminate targeting of different religions and cultures and addressing development issues and unresolved conflicts will contribute to international cooperation, which is among the most important elements to combat terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, and reaffirming that no terrorist act can be justified in any circumstances,
Mr. Mandelson's decision to review antidumping suggests strongly that he is suspicious of the whole process
40. Treaties are based essentially on the equality of the contracting parties, and this premise leads naturally to the assimilation, wherever possible, of the treaty situation of international organizations to that of States.
At that time, the Division was under the overall supervision of the Director-General of the United Nations Office at Vienna.
13. On 16 August, armed Ossetian paramilitaries stopped Vazha Kopadze (b. 1959, resident of the village of Dvani, Kareli District) in the village of Breti, Kareli District, and took away his Vaz-2103 vehicle.
A/60/490/Add.4
By decision 17/COP.4 on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Committee on Science and Technology, the fourth session of the Conference of the Parties in operative paragraph 1 "encourages the Parties to hold extensive consultations on ways of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the Committee on Science and Technology, and to transmit their recommendations, which should not exceed five pages in length, to the secretariat by 1 May 2001".
He dropped into a chair, utterly worn out.
By the end of the 2005/06 school year, all serving kindergarten principals must have possessed the Certificate in Kindergarten Education or its equivalent.
Department of Political Affairs
Here is a sample of the kinds of challenges we encountered and what we did to address them.
A day after the decision, the two tried again to apply for permission to protest, but were denied because they had been sentenced.
Television content rating system
Such a bank could be partly financed with the large stock of international reserves accumulated by developing and transition economies and currently invested in low-return Government bonds issued by the advanced economies.
There will be a meeting of the Staff Council today, 26 September 2001, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
The Acting President: We have heard the last speaker on agenda item 122.
B. Planning assumptions and mission support initiatives
IX. Research and education/prevention campaigns
His recent book, The Perfect Finish, provides a glossy tour of his country's confectionery.
The request shall set forth the relevant facts and indicate how implementation would directly and irreparably injure the staff member's rights;
Mauritius
Agenda item 78: Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects (continued)
This article first introduces the definition and functions of Urban Facilities.
Lehmann still has a year to run on his contract with the Gunners, but has hinted this could be his last season in London.
By 2000, the added value of the tertiary industry had reached 5.393 billion yuan, the highest among all the constituents of the region's GDP.
But in some cases you might want to achieve nicer-looking results by setting finer requirements.
67. The final extension of the Treaty had been inextricably linked to the creation of a Middle East zone free of nuclear weapons, one of a package of decisions adopted at the 1995 NPT Review and Extension Conference.
Ului degraded slightly before dealing the southern Solomon Islands a glancing blow.
Congo
Ethiopia
For applications submitted by mail, the date of application is determined by postmark. Applications with postmark after September 24 will not be processed.
(b) Respond to 12,500 queries by mail and e-mail;
The Chinese Minister of National Defense visited the United States in October 2003, the first such visit in seven years.
As for the other cover versions, Egan continued: We had nine great original songs but that wasnt enough. The covers sounded fantastic (to us)
January 2008
Strengthening national monitoring and evaluation capacities
9. His delegation considered that the Ad Hoc Committee should continue to consider new approaches, but needed to clarify the relationship between regional and universal initiatives.
These appearances suggest that this imaging technique is useful for the diagnosis of isolated dissection of the superior mesenteric artery.
Samara Arena
At a second senior officials meeting, held in Ankara on 18 October, the participants agreed that all confidence-building measures would have implementation plans prepared by the time of the next meeting, scheduled for January 2013 in Baku, with those attending empowered to endorse them.
He was busy canvassing for the election.
UNCTAD
4. Member States also suggested ways to optimize the strategy.
But Peter Tuggey, chief commercial officer for AeroMobile, a partnership between Telenor of Norway and Arinc of the US, also stresses that higher ambient noise on an aircraft means that conversations are in any case much harder to overhear than on a train.
Think twice before using money on expensive skin care products. The best ways to keep your skin in good condition is sufficient sleep
Other people might be very good at understanding the political dynamics of a company.
There's only so much money in the world. There isn't enough in the world for everyone to be wealthy.
The Tao is augmenting the shifts necessary to bring forth a gentler time of cleansing ahead in which many of the foreseen problems can be circumvented.
Election of officers
Furthermore, Japan presided over the drafting group as vice-chairman of the preparatory committee and contributed to the promotion of agreement on the conflicting issues.
Tuesday, 8 May
Convinced of the necessity of further strengthening practical measures and of continuing to maintain the regional approach for the achievement of effective implementation of the Programme of Action,
The Government of El Salvador attaches great importance to the situation in Central America, in line with the integrationist approach reflected in our foreign policy towards the region.
Focus on national development processes
In this paper, a new method to measure meshing composite deflections of loaded cylindrical involute helical gear by using high precision clinometer is presented.
The Committee recalls, in this connection, its observation in paragraph V.3 of its first report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997,1 whereby, in the context of its review of the thematic approach to programme implementation, the Committee stressed the need to improve considerably the role of programme managers and their respective organizational units in programme implementation.
National seminar Sri Lanka *
Indeed, while justice operators must enjoy some privileges and immunities because of their functions and in order to ensure their independence and impartiality, they must also be accountable for their actions and conduct so that the guarantees of their independence are not abused.
-see? I knew this was a mistake! -What?
If no catastrophes occur over the designated loss level during the life of the bond, investors get back their principal and a premium.
1.2.5 Verification of elections to be free, transparent and peaceful by the Independent National Electoral Commission and international observers, and endorsement of election results by the Great Lakes Regional Peace Initiative on Burundi and the Facilitation
s" popularity slowly grew and by the end of the Games he was loved universally by the Spanish and the rest of the world
2. On 6 August 2004, the Secretary-General addressed a note verbale to the Government of the State of Israel, in which he requested, in view of his reporting responsibilities under the above-mentioned resolution, that the Government inform him of any steps it had taken or envisaged taking, concerning the implementation of the relevant provisions of the resolution.
Draft resolution A/C.3/61/L.2
One delegation wished to record its Government's concern over the timing and modalities of UNHCR's phase-down of activities in their country, regretting that full consultations between the Office and the Government concerned had not taken place.
Since country ownership was the most critical feature of these strategies, the advice of the Bretton Woods institutions needed to be provided with care and sensitivity.
19. UNDP has continued to work towards advancing women's legal rights and empowerment through law reforms, advocacy and capacity-building, and to combat gender-based violence through a range of integrated strategies.
11 a.m.-1 p.m.
Interpretation
The Committee has concluded that the pleadings as filed do not substantiate most of his claims of error.
92. To protect the vulnerable and disadvantaged people, Governments at the appropriate levels, in partnerships with all stakeholders, should work together to:
A good deal of ECLAC interest in ISO work lies in the field of transportation, including transportation by inland waterways in the context of ECLAC activity on integrated river basin planning.
Reduced resource requirements: subprogramme 1
We are a debtor nation it means we are in debt
Are you kid-- And if he doesn't, he'll figure it out one way or another.
Seventy-second session,
But I am just a young scientist absorbed in my work.
12.4 The public and private sectors complement each other in the provision of healthcare services.
Diagnosis of foreign bodies in trachea and bronchus of children by means of coronal CT scan
 Vehicles, boats and helicopters were used in the survey.
The memorandum by the Secretariat cites a series of court judgments recognizing the immunity of officials with respect to official acts.
WikiProject Military history
From these policies one can see that the regional government has attached great importance to improving people's living standards, protecting the environment and taking the road of sustainable development-all measures which will in no way lead to the colonization of Tibet or deterioration of the environment.
1988-1990, member of the State Ad hoc Commission on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men
Before an interview, we can do out best to prepare answers to questions we know will come our way.
2.4 Following this incident, the complainant complained to the officer-in-charge of the department whose officials had sexually abused her.
Metal - cutting circular saw blades have the top - performance coating for metal - cutting circular saw blades.
In our opinion, the best option when faced with the threat of armed conflict is comprehensive, transparent and unconditional diplomatic dialogue between the parties.
Regulation 4.3
What are the odds of being mentally ill if both your parents bipolar illness or schizophrenia?
Without in any way impugning the motives of the sponsors of A/C.1/57/L.2/Rev.1, we believe that the approach it outlines to dealing with non-strategic nuclear weapons is unrealistic and impractical and would have virtually no prospect of success.
Cameroon
Section 13, paragraph 2, of the Constitution Act (sect. 16, para. 2, of the Constitution of Finland) guarantees the right to training in general and provides for the right to training which leads to employment.
He underlined the fact that SLPP, APC and PMDC, the third party represented in Parliament, were all partners in the transformation of the country and had much in common.
she dreams of gain finish asamous love one day .
Component
ESCAP has developed the Asian Highway and trans-Asian railway route maps, and has facilitated international agreements based on them.
D. Fight over the leadership of the Sudan and Chad by JEM and Chadian armed opposition groups
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace, Disarmament and Development in Latin America and the Caribbean (resolution 66/54);
d. air pollution is caused by several reasons.
Heaven knows where he fled.
Silver: Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, India, Japan, Madagascar, Netherlands, Nigeria, Slovenia, South Africa, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, UNEP and WHO.
35. Beyond the relationship between available economic resources and human rights obligations, the non-repatriation of funds of illicit origin has an impact on the rule of law in the country of origin.
Let me cite some of the important challenges we face.
My delegation is pleased to note the progress achieved so far in the registration of UNITA personnel in quartering areas, and the closing of eight out of the 15 such areas to the induction of additional troops.
The State party's submission was transmitted to the counsel for comments with a deadline of 6 February 2014.
Incremental transportation factor
Official Records
So, now, why don't you tell me where pestilence is at? Crowley Oh, god, Crowley.
28. Undertakings: the applicant submitted a written undertaking dated 21 April 2011 and signed by the Director of NORI, Dominic J. Tabuna, stating that it will comply with regulation 14 of the Regulations.
The resolution made clear that developing nations must receive not only assistance in acquiring new technologies but also capacity-building, education and transfer of skills in order to develop their own capabilities.
While straining the brain, you may experience the soul sound necessary for transitioning to an OBE.
UNAMA will support, through its regional and strengthened provincial offices, efforts to improve local-level governance, in particular through the Independent Directorate, as well as local-level development initiatives that help bring the benefits of peace in a timely and sustainable manner.
In these two years, we have tried to offer added value, in a fair and principled manner, in addressing various global and regional issues.
She reads books about sibling relationships and interviews psychiatrists about brothers and sisters.
30. On the cotton initiative of several African countries, it was decided that cotton would be dealt with as part of the agriculture negotiations, but that it would be "addressed ambitiously, expeditiously and specifically" under a newly established subcommittee on cotton.
4. The participation of cultural specialists in human rights awareness activities;
Recalling its resolution 64/199 of 21 December 2009 and all its other previous resolutions on the subject,
1. Albania
Climate issues and the recent financial, economic and food crises call for change.
While efforts continue to focus on attaining the Millennium Development Goals, the United Nations system has also embarked on consultations aimed at shaping the post-2015 development agenda.
On 12 March 2014, the Government transmitted a communication regarding one outstanding case.
A: Normally just a few dozen yuan.
"Atomic war," declared a recent editorial in the London Times, "is likely to destroy forever the nation that wages it.
VI. Ensuring effective investigation and prosecution of incidents of violence against children
We are near kin , ie closely related.
Action 62. Canada transports radioactive materials consistent with relevant international standards of safety, security and environmental protection.
(c) Travel of staff to accompany the independent expert during field missions ($20,800 per biennium, under section 23);
:: I/A Court H.R., Case of Yvon Neptune v. Haiti. Merits, Reparations and Costs. Judgment of May 6, 2008. Series C No. 180;
Member States are invited to explore the possibility of cooperative projects with the institutes.
It focuses on activities at international level that are mandated by decision 3/COP.8.
She describes how medical workers have sometimes had to struggle to deliver medicine, vitamin A and bed nets, to protect against the flies.
Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood.It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment and to underestimate the determination of the Negro.
Rhinogobio cylindricus
[Original: Spanish]
Further advocacy was conducted through media, in the weekly news, radio programs and regular debates and monthly talk show programs on television from 2009 - 2011.
:: Women in poverty
"Belongship" is a local immigration status.
Sr Land Con Offr/LS 3 (Legal Advisory And Conveyancing Office)
Committed to international partnership in the fight against such diseases, Morocco has endorsed the guidelines of the World Health Organization as defined in its 2008-2013 Action Plan for the Global Strategy for the Prevention and Control of Non-communicable Diseases.
Figure II
 The percentages, especially at the decision-making levels and at the P-4 level, show a steady rise and the consequent and welcome decrease at the P-2 and P-3 levels.
(b) Commitments that recommended action by Governments at the national level, using as a point of departure the relevant resolutions adopted by the Commission, and that consequently necessitated the availability of a channel of communication through which States would be able to provide information either to the Commission or to subsequent congresses (or to both) on action taken and progress achieved.
D. United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development
Recently, the harm has been more noticeable.
She noted that there had been great progress in this regard because of the many countries that had signed during the Millennium Summit.
It was suggested that paragraph 7, referring to overreaching by the secured creditor, should be recast in more neutral terms.
Have I been blind or stupid?
1. Where the Committee decides that a communication is inadmissible, it shall, as soon as possible, communicate its decision and the reasons for that decision through the Secretary-General to the author of the communication and to the State party concerned.
Two hundred people took part in the Bristol University experiment to test the impact of workplace keep fit facilities like gyms or classes.
The rapid ageing of the population is increasing the pressure on medical resources.
Mangrove Ecology in Deep Bay (For Secondary 4 to 7)
The Industrial Development Board at its thirty-ninth session adopted decision IDB.39/Dec.2, concerning the report of the External Auditor for the year 2010, with the following relevant text:
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti by certain Governments,
Ambassador
The defence of their farming and territorial rights is one of the most urgent issues involved in the protection of their human rights, often giving rise to negotiations, disputes and conflicts.
The Nuclear Energy Agency keeps a record of the financial equivalent of all such contributions from the Forum members.
It especially deplores the rapidly deteriorating situation in the Maglaj area and the threat it poses to the survival of the remaining civilian population.
Article 7 312 - 369 50
As discussed above, the dismissal of a member of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal requires the unanimous opinion of the other Tribunal members that the individual is unsuited for further service.
He was concerned about how much attention the Secretary-General paid to the request, contained in part II of General Assembly resolution 50/214, that adequate resources should be allocated in the 1996-1997 programme budget for activities specifically relating to the least developed countries.
CS
The climate of fear has complicated the work of El Paso resident Jaime Hervella, who helped found the cross-border Association of Relatives and Friends of Disappeared Persons several years ago and now finds himself mostly on his own.
2011 Copa América players
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
12. Urges again the political parties to comply fully with the Code of Good Conduct for elections which they signed under the auspices of the Secretary-General, and in particular urges the Ivorian authorities to allow equitable access to public media;
Effect such as brain tumor , cervical cancer, lung cancer, cancer of the stomach, neuroblastoma intestinal cancer.
Bruno was burned at the stake in Rome because he renounce his idea.
Hugh & Elisabeth McCutcheon Open StatementDuring this tremendously difficult time, we have been blessed to be surrounded by a tremendous support system of caring individuals and organizations.
promoting sustainable development in the urban area;
As part of the enterprise operations mandate, the virtualization project was successfully completed.
12. The Coordinator then introduced a "non-paper", characterizing it as informal in nature and purely for discussion purposes.
For that reason the Panel finds that the study does not constitute reasonable monitoring and assessment for the purposes of paragraph 35(c) of Governing Council decision 7.
20. Ms. Popescu asked whether rape, including marital rape, was criminalized and whether any provisions on rape or marital rape had been included in the draft legislation on sexual violence.
Countries should make joint efforts so that the UN can play a leading role in international development cooperation, promote coherence among different international agencies, formulate rules and resolve differences and conflicts through multilateral dialogue and consultation, and conduct international and regional cooperation, so as to bring benefits of globalization to people of all countries.
UNCT expressed similar concerns.
Trump’s diplomatic activities seem intended to advance this larger strategic vision of reversing America’s relative decline.
But translating those arguments into institutional reality will be a nearly impossible challenge.
 23. It was so decided.
General
They had plenty of time to mull over all the details and the sorry ending of the garden party.
It noted efforts aimed at the consolidation of peace, as well as challenges, particularly in the areas related to combating HIV/AIDS, high infant and maternal mortality rates, the absence of legislation prohibiting the trafficking in persons, access to education and health facilities, and the provision of clean water and electricity.
Beciu
25. The international trade in wood and non-wood forest products can affect sustainable forest management both positively and negatively.
The reasonable equipment of gravity concentration is the key to ensure the efficiency and economic index.
A.16A.43 A provision of $408,400, reflecting an increase of $66,000, relates to the cost of: (a) consultancy services required to augment the expertise needed for the preparation of reports, recurrent and non-recurrent publications on selected issues and studies; and (b) the preparation and holding of 10 expert group meetings (two in each of the five centres) as programmed under this subprogramme.
2. The Women's National Committee is the governmental body for women's affairs and was established in 1996. It is the consultative and executive organ of the Supreme Council for Women which is chaired by the Prime Minister.
Section 5 Delivery of Goods
16. Lack of employment opportunities has been a source of civil and armed conflict in many countries, undermining progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In March, the Minister for Public Relations and the Minister for the Media made vicious public attacks on human rights defenders who had advocated at the nineteenth session of the Human Rights Council.
Béduer
The idea is to make sure that every disabled person has the greatest possible control over his/her own life.
"(m) To take decisive steps to promote human rights education and training, on values such as respect for human dignity, non-discrimination, equality, justice, non-violence, tolerance and peace, at home, in educational centres and in education programmes, in order to promote the awareness and empowerment of children, in particular indigenous children, with respect to their rights and responsibilities;
The costly post was postponed because of the frost.155. Strain brain on the train is restrained.156.
(b) Strengthen cooperation with transit and destination countries in order to ensure that unaccompanied migrant children who have been the victims of crime are properly protected and that they receive individual care tailored to the specific needs of each case;
Many of them were arrested Monday, when an anti-war demonstration turned violent
272. At the same meeting, the representative of Austria orally revised the draft resolution by modifying the eleventh preambular paragraph, replacing the twelfth preambular paragraph, modifying operative paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6, then inserting a new paragraph after operative paragraph 3 and renumbering the paragraphs accordingly.
As an important part of telemedicine, Telemedicine consultation is a developing application of clinical medicine where information is transferred by the multimedia communication technology.
Drake is sure to open a hotel here in September.
The Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism will hold its fifth special meeting with international, regional and subregional organizations, on the theme "Prevention of terrorist movement and effective border security", from 29 to 31 October 2007, at the Conference Centre of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON).
Finally, Algeria should explain why it had not reacted to the assertion made by Mr. Ould Khadad, the Frente POLISARIO coordinator with the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO), on the Al-Jazeera television station, that the Moroccan prisoners were in liberated areas, and not on Algerian soil.
Secretariat: Provision of UNCCD inputs to the work of other scientific bodies and the delivery of information from these bodies to the work of the Convention
It is not all the fault of governments.
2. Adoption by States Parties of special measures, including those measures contained in the present Convention, aimed at protecting maternity shall not be considered discriminatory.
Once the time is fixed, it takes almost an emergency to change it
And the world benefits from those solutions.
The integration of persons with disabilities into the regular labour market should be actively supported by States.
Princess Marya no longer took lessons in mathematics from her father, and only went into her father's room on the mornings when he was at home, accompanied by the wet nurse and little Prince Nikolay (as his grandfather called him).
H.E. Mr. Narendra Bikram Shah
This is the natural way of learning language.
(d) The penalty of 10 to 15 years' imprisonment as being 5 to 10 years' imprisonment;
But these kids trust me.
The stigmatization associated with victims of gender-based violence makes coming forward for assistance difficult and, at times, dangerous.
Within this framework, the measures adopted to ensure that the placement of a child in another country is carried out by competent authorities or organs;
But that description hardly seems appropriate nowadays.
- Department of Administration of Estates and Public Trustee.
You know   kind of hard to tell a little bit by the glare.
(available at the exhibition venue and all philatelic offices on 27 May 2006 only)
Code of Conduct for Special Procedures Mandate-holders of the Human Rights Council (subprogrammes 1, 3 and 4)
Objective To evaluate the antioxidation activities of two Chinese herbs, polygonum multiflorum and Angelica sinensis.
The Secretary-General’s report on the reform of the United Nations (A/51/950, sect. V) emphasized some issues that also appeared in the document of the Russian Federation relating to sanctions (A/52/33, para. 29).
To that end and in order to enable the recipient countries to play a central role in the formulation of their national development strategies, they should be fully involved at all stages of the design, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of development programmes and projects.
Stability and the implementation of first-generation reforms have brought about a speedy increase in gross domestic product, with an annual increase of 9.3 per cent over the past five years.
Let's just say my relationships don't seem to last.
is the Government Communication Network (GCN) which links up the bureaux of the Government Secretariat with all departmental headquarters for the purposes of information and mail exchange through electronic means.
"Also recalling Council resolution 1988/59, in which the Council requested the Secretary-General to initiate the formulation of a system-wide medium-term plan for the advancement of women for the period 1996-2001,
An upcoming headquarters and country-level workshop in Santo Domingo would examine the lessons of the report as they applied to UNDP.
The study of prevention, however, was merely an introduction to the crux of the topic, namely, the consequences of the acts in question.
Any future changes having an impact on current administration and support structures will be reflected in future reports to the Security Council and subsequent budgetary submissions.
Mercury and Saturn readily fit within the same binocular field.
García González
(e) At 2030 hours on 23 August 2000, United States and British F-15, F-16, Tornado and EA-6B aircraft coming from Turkish territory penetrated Iraq's airspace in the northern region.
Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport
(j) Report of the Secretary-General on conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels (A/65/131 and Add.1);
Kingston, Jamaica
Those who discharge pollutants into any water body for which local standards have been established shall observe such local standards.
Portugal templates
III. Reply received from the European Union
Your status could not be updated.
Hence, the transformation from rangeland to cropland may be irreversible, and the natural vegetation may not be easily restored.
27. Ms. Yan Jiarong (China) said that, despite the progress made over the past seven years in implementing the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, much remained to be done to eliminate racism in all its forms, including Islamophobia, neofascism and other new forms of incitement to racial and religious hatred.
9. The General Committee draws to the attention of the General Assembly paragraph 3 of the annex to resolution 58/316 pertaining to the practices and working methods of the Main Committees.
Through your trade delegation that recently paid a visit to this country we learned that you are well-established importers of and are writing to you in the hope of receiving your orders from time to time.
Polyplectron
Attendance
The same article stipulates that the State authority responsible for regulating and monitoring nuclear activity in all areas relating to nuclear non-proliferation, radiological and nuclear safety, physical protection, control and transport of nuclear and radioactive material is the Nuclear Regulatory Authority (ARN).
This had been compounded by incompatible financial reporting systems being used by the United Nations Secretariat and the agencies.
Nothing is too difficult, if you put your heart into it.
Estimate 2008-2009: 4 rating (scale 1-5)
17. In part III, paragraph 29, of its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, the General Assembly reiterated its request that gratis personnel be phased out in accordance with the provisions of resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997 on gratis personnel and other entities.
Do you feel capable of doing the job?
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Support has also been provided to countries for the development of human rights-based, gender-responsive and equitable AIDS policies and programmes in line with human rights treaties and other related international standards and to build the capacity of civil societies to reduce stigma and discrimination and improve access to HIV services for these most at-risk population groups.
At the same time, States have also made commitments and have obligations towards other States and to the international community.
These are a few of my favorite things. Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels,  Doorbells and sleigh bells schnitzel with noodles,  Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings,  These are a few of my favorite things
Statement I Statement of income and expenditure and changes in principal of the Fund for the bienniums 2010-2011 and 2008-2009
 We also recognize that we must take these actions in a manner consistent with the precautionary principle approach, which shall be widely applied according to the capabilities of countries.
109. For the regional offices (supply bases and sector headquarters) in Mbandaka, Kisangani, Kalemie and Kananga, support will be provided by a Supply Officer (P3), a Field Service staff (Other level), two General Service staff (Other level), four local staff and one United Nations Volunteer.
`Of course not, dear child.You are a child to me, Tess, not to know how very proper it is to write to your mother at such a time, and how wrong it would be in me to object.
" My stars and garters! What sort of man this is? "
While some regions in developing countries experienced a substantial decline in maternal deaths, others made little improvement.
Gains mentioned in the preceding paragraph means the amount remaining from the receipt on transfer minus the original value of the property.
Long-term investments
"Will you marry me?
If you are not hearing it, you are missing a major opportunity.
Germany and France believed that the assurance would be enough to persuade jittery markets that the EU wouldn't allow Greece to default.
Figure III
2004 anime films
The flood ( situation ) is serious.
Similarly, elements of cost-competitiveness and efficiency alone could not address the existing imbalance in procurement and outsourcing practices.
'Well, that is beautiful, Miss Jane!
It was noted that some language services appeared to recruit far more non-local staff than others.
 Humanitarian assistance to ease the terrible burden borne by the victims of the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina, particularly women and children, is imperative.
(g) Is it easy to obtain them?
This has been my viewpoint since the crisis began.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its next report sex-disaggregated data and information on the de facto position of rural women.
B. Draft resolution A/C.5/64/L.19
Opening of the session
Governments and governmental institutions may reproduce this work or parts thereof without permission, but are requested to inform the United Nations of such reproduction.
37. Landmines, cluster bombs and other explosive remnants of war were indiscriminately killing children or blowing off their limbs in conflict situations all over the world.
(d) To affirm the rights of indigenous peoples, as expressed in international treaties, laws, and principles of human rights.
The spouses deal together with all matters concerning the children's upbringing.
Are the premiums paid on the policy by the employer deductible for profits tax purpose? Are the proceeds from the policy taxable?
It's a tight squeeze to get five people in that small car.
E. Monitoring, evaluation and accountability
“FGF” See “Future Generations Fund” “First ‘F3’ Report” “Report and recommendations made by the Panel of Commissioners
And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they captive, and spoiled even all that was in the house.
Then to turn the discourse, she began admiring the house ahd the furniture.
Statements will be made by the President of the General Assembly, H.E. Mr. Harri Holkeri, who will deliver the keynote address, as well as by the Secretary-General, the President of the Economic and Social Council, H.E. Mr. Makarim Wibisono and the Director-General of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, Mr. Jacques Diouf.
Chapter
Transboundary movement through States of transit is subject to those international obligations which are relevant to the particular modes of transport utilized.
Mr. Wang Xinggen Deputy Director-General, Department of International Trade and Economic Affairs (DITEA), Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation (MOFTEC) - Head of Delegation
67. UNESCO noted that Finland had no separate programme on human rights education.
Deeply concerned that the Syrian Golan, occupied since 1967, has been under continued Israeli military occupation,
The Effect of Request Rate on Scheduling in Clustered Web Servers
One blue pigeons sitting on a wall.
His wife said, "What will happen to us
8. Advanced very high resolution radiometer (AVHRR) images were used to detect and monitor the development of ocean currents and to monitor oil spills at sea.
That had not been just a call for environmental protection; it implied a new approach to economic development that was fair to all people, did not diminish or destroy the natural resource base, and did not compromise the carrying capacity of the planet.
Over the last 40 years, the space regulatory framework has been constantly adapted to changing circumstances and has achieved the necessary flexibility in satisfying the two major, but not always compatible, requirements of efficiency and equity.
In those circumstances, her Department sought to identify the problem and arrange for the reposting of the document concerned as soon as possible.
Will I still be alive tomorrowWill I be taken to the gas chamber1) tonightBack and forth next to the barbed wire fence trying to keep my emaciated2) body warm.
4. Expresses its reinforced determination to combat all forms of terrorism, in accordance with its responsibilities under the Charter of the United Nations.
Australia
177. I'm always confused with "s" and "th".
88. Assistance during an inquiry 124
5. A draft Gender Equality Law, which was widely supported but was still awaiting adoption by Parliament, would bring Serbian legislation into line with international standards and would set out policies to ensure equal opportunities and prevent discrimination against women in all areas of life.
One approach, he said, could involve having the U.S. buy delinquent mortgages and refinance them.He called for revisions to a federal program called Hope for Homeowners that might encourage more participation.
The right solution is to lay down more gallop bridges, overpasses and underpasses in big cities.
Last appreciation outside the company, I put out a professional package of makeup to see under the naive charm.
It is in most countries.
Sit down, he added, offering her the chair beside him
 1. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The Centre addresses the critical issues of how NGOs and CSOs could play a more active and effective role as intermediaries promoting the interest and priorities of their grass-roots constituencies.
In their eyes, l read 'He's a dead man.
58/225 Role of the United Nations in promoting development in the context of globalization and interdependence (all subprogrammes)
However, figures of the Census of Population 2000 clearly showed that 35.8% of Chinese children aged between five and 14 use English as their main household language, compared with 21.5% of Chinese youths aged between 15 and 24.
Selection and conditions of service of executive heads in United Nations system organizations
Bolts and nuts are plated for corrosion resistance.
The report is in partial fulfilment of the mandate established by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2003/77.
'I conscientiously believe so, Mr. Rochester.
According to the story, a promoter and talent manager who were friendly with Puffy set up Tupac because they were angry about his insolent posture towards NYC and its hip hop heavyweights.
He was Senator Palpatine in The Phantom Menace and the Emperor in Return of the Jedi.
19. Psychologists deal with the minds and behavior of people.
This figure was based on actual out-turn for the first 18 months of the biennium and estimated performance for the remaining 6 months.
Since being called to serve at the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in September 2001 by the Secretary-General of the United Nations at the request of the President of the Tribunal, Ms. Clark has served in Trial Chamber I, Section A, of the Tribunal as one of three judges in a trial raising important issues of international humanitarian law.
He let go, thundering one of his horrid curses, and I galloped home more than half out of my senses.
The company has collaborated successfully with two major donors in the water-supply sector, most notably the Millennium Challenge Corporation.
Estimate 2005: 0 Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration Commission
So we would like to propose that a plenary be held some time next week, at any time, so that the head of our delegation can be present at that meeting.
(l) Mongolia's international security and nuclear-weapon-free status;
What are your pla for the next few weeks?
The defence of peace, so often a fragile entity, must be reinforced.
Remove intake manifold bolts.
They didn't really have many chances, but the kind of players they have are capable of making something out of nothing so you've got to be fully concentrated all the time.
The focus should be on resolving the crisis over the coming year.
9 June
Why, there ain't no end to your airs -- they say you're rich.
The rules are subject to changes without prior notice, please check them often.
17.Sloth turneth the edge of wit.
61. Mr. Jong Myong Hak (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea) said that, while humanity stood at the threshold of a new millennium, women were still subjected to discrimination and violence and threatened by unemployment, poverty, disease and illiteracy.
Your treatment to the subject should be adapted to your audience.
It was initiated by Mr Paulson in an effort to contain rising Sinophobia in the US Congress, which increasingly blames China for America's economic problems, from its huge current account deficit to stagnating real incomes.
The new mixing refrigerant has no ODP and its GWP is very low.
The telephone  rang  even as he was going out.
52. Finally, the Special Rapporteur underlines his conviction that in societies in which some individuals have a greater degree of effective freedom than others, they have correspondingly greater duties than the rest of those with whom they live, and that each individual person has the ethical and moral duty to recognize and exercise the rights that belong to him or her in due form and just degree, according to his/her honest reasoning and good faith (in the words of the Catholic Church).
On 21 November 2006, he was ordered to leave the country before 15 January 2007.
:: 75 per cent of the calculated amount when employed individuals are the disabled of employable age with regard to whom up to 25 per cent of capacity for work, or a serious level of disability, has been established;
[13] Smoking also has been linked time and again to cardiovascular diseases.
Fifty-sixth session
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Mission,
You're just going to want to take half of that.
It is human, perhaps, to appreciate little that which we have and to long for that which we have not, but it is a great pity that in the world of light and the gift of sight is used only as mere convenience rather that as a means of adding fullness to life. Oh, the things that I should see if I had the power of sight for three days!
The study by Law et al. (2006) provides additional information on concentrations of c-OctaBDE components (HexaBDEs 153 and 154) for sediments at a background location (POPRC, 2007).
(iii) Kowloon Inland Lot No. 11186
587. In its resolution 62/277, the General Assembly decided that continuing efforts towards achieving system-wide coherence should focus on gender equality and the empowerment of women as one of its four priority areas.
E. Repression and criminalization of movements protecting the rights of people working in rural areas 4142 12
In July 2004, during the Gay Pride Parade commemorations in various cities of Brazil, more than one million people took to the streets in support of the right to be different.
In fact, in the past biennium, close to 50 per cent of diplomats registering for some such courses were unable to participate because of the limited space available.
33. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly annually on the financial aspects of the capital master plan, in particular on any outstanding contributions and on the amount of the charges specified in paragraph 32 above and the apportionment among Member States;
The Committee strongly believes that evaluation is an integral part of the process of implementing results-based budgeting and that what is learned from the evaluation process must consistently be taken into account in the preparation of the medium-term plan, as well as in the formulation, review and approval of the programme budget, in line with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
54. Ms. Gaspard requested clarification regarding Malaysia's reservation to article 7 (b) of the Convention.
Please bear in mind that it was not Israel which initiated the violence, but rather reacted to an aggressive unprovoked action against it, and thus the conflict came to be.
The Choice of Leading Industry from the Perspective of Pillar Industries: A Case Study on Huadu Airport Economic Zone
Within the framework of the memorandum of understanding signed between the Government of the Republic of Armenia and the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (OSCE/ODIHR), a film entitled "Women's Rights" was made and has been shown on several channels on Armenian television.
"Recalling the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 20 to 22 June 2012, and its outcome document, entitled `The future we want',
They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage, during marriage and at its dissolution.
Measures to prevent discrimination of women on the grounds of marriage or maternity (par. 2)
At the same time, the Plan reflects a general consensus that 18,000 to 20,000 police and other security officers would be required to cover the full range of security needs in Haiti.
Legislative framework 489 - 492 65
(a) Evaluation questionnaire
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Credentials Committee in paragraph 11 of its report (A/53/556) (resolution 53/23).
Russian Far East
KATE MCKENNA: And you have checked the monitor, haven' t you
Luambe National Park
You talk to me of love.
More importantly, we can share the information with all of you.
3. 11 December 1979 - Carried out a dynamite attack against the Permanent Mission of the Soviet Union to the United Nations.
this may be my only chance To find out what happened.
 Monitoring groups have to perform a variety of missions, including:
Reaffirming the general principles underlying the financing of United Nations peacekeeping operations, as stated in General Assembly resolutions 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, 3101 (XXVIII) of 11 December 1973 and 55/235 of 23 December 2000,
A copy of the draft proposal is set out in annex II to the present note.
Through financial literacy models, women are empowered to handle money management and support family savings.
In response to Pakistan's reference to paragraph 23 of the report of the Working Group, he stated that the response of the Minister can be found in paragraph 25 of the same report.
Then soft music filled the air and soothed the slumbering heroes.
(Signed) Najib Ghadbian Special Representative of the Syrian Coalition to the United Nations
Communication equipment and vehicles are being supplied to the Kenyan police.
in category “A”: Fifth instalment
In 1913 the British government inveigled the Tibetan authorities into declaring independence and proposed that "Britain be the weaponry supplier after total independence of Tibet;" "Tibet accept British envoys' supervision of Tibetan financial and military affairs in return for Britain's support of Tibetan independence;" "Britain be responsible for resisting the army of the Republic of China when it reaches Tibet;" "Tibet adopt an open policy and allow freedom of movement of the British.
(f) Relevant scientific and technological information useful to law enforcement, so as to enhance each other’s ability to prevent, detect and investigate the smuggling of migrants and to prosecute those involved.
Please also clarify whether steps have been taken to improve the gender balance in health-care personnel, especially in the field of nursing, and reduce health costs for patients, with a view to rendering health-care services affordable to those in need, in line with the Committee's general comment No. 14.
On the base of optimization, the author designed the pump model. After experimental study, the conclusion was obtained that the balanced compound gear pump has good flow characteristics.
C. Nuclear safety and civil nuclear liability
Wangan Green Turtle Tourism and Conservation Center
6. Draft resolution A/C.2/65/L.3 was withdrawn.
The Acting President: Before giving the floor to the representative of the Syrian Arab Republic, who wishes to speak in explanation of position on the resolution just adopted, may I remind delegations that explanations of vote or position are limited to 10 minutes and should be made by delegations from their seats.
United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi, Italy
II. FROM ACTION TO IMPACT: FOLLOW-UP TO THE ACTIVITIES OF THE SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE
Given this, many analysts have called for aligning the rules for public debt more closely with those governing the private sector.
The effects would be measured in the lives of millions of people who will never hear these speeches or read our statements.
3. Should the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee decide to establish working groups, the Chairmen of such working groups should be chosen from among the eight Vice-Chairmen.
The Committee therefore believes that, in practice, no domestic remedy was accessible to the complainant, who was in an extremely vulnerable position and was unable to lodge this complaint with the Moroccan courts after being expelled from the country.
103. Since the war ended in December 1995, mines and unexploded ordnance in Bosnia and Herzegovina have killed at least 286 people and seriously injured 664.
Brief descriptionof the recommendation
Geneva, 25 - 29 October 2004
By a letter dated 8 September 1997 addressed to the Secretary-General (A/52/333), the Permanent Representative of Indonesia transmitted a note verbale in response to the communication of 19 May (A/52/333) from the Permanent Mission of Portugal.
Informal consultations on agenda items 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative expenses of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1 and A/58/7/Add.9)); 120 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003: conditions of service and compensation for officials, other than Secretariat officials, serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)); 119 (Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations: report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on: review of duplication, complexity and bureaucracy in United Nations administrative processes and procedures (A/58/211)); 120 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003: construction of additional office facilities at the Economic Commission for Africa, Addis Ababa (A/58/154 and A/58/7 and A/58/7/Corr.1); and Strengthening the United Nations web site (A/58/217, A/58/7/Add.1)); 121 (Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: improving and modernizing the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi (A/58/530 and A/58/7/Add.6)); and 134 (Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations: special measures for protection from sexual exploitation and abuse (A/58/559))
Subparagraph (c) - What legislation and procedures exist for freezing accounts and assets at banks and financial institutions?
Think Louis Koo: "In the past few years, I played a taxi driver, anti-cancer architects, drug addicts, truck drivers dead, undercover, gang boss, and so on, finally, I had the opportunity to develop an action hero
The eurozone, it is claimed, should have its own budget to provide similarly automatic insurance to its members.
The Human Rights Council,
He would be grateful if, in order not to jeopardize the proceedings, the Chairman were in future to announce any change as soon as a difficulty arose.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
78. Meanwhile, consultations continue between the United Nations and the African Union, and with Sudanese stakeholders and international partners, on the development of a road map for lasting peace in Darfur.
29. Large-scale relief and development operations must be subjected to an environmental impact/risk analysis from the earliest stages of the programming cycle.
This documentation includes documents FCCC/KP/AWG/2010/6 and FCCC/KP/AWG/2010/6/Add.1 - 5.
The Tribunal acknowledges the support and assistance received from the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, and expresses its appreciation to Member States for their continuing interest in and support of its activities.
This view was based on the particular characteristics of the Malvinas issue, which led the United Nations to describe it as a special and particular colonial situation.
The "Progress since Paris" report found "substantial progress" was reflected by "more partner countries hav(ing) sound national development strategies in place, and these tend(ing) to be more clearly prioritized than in 2005" along "with evidence suggesting that MDG-related statistics are becoming increasingly available at the country level".
With regard to my country, the war that has upset Burundi for more than 10 years has prevented us from achieving all the goals.
Audit opinion
To determine this percentage, the indicator used was the ability to read the newspaper without too much effort.
The Gambia also hosts the ECOWAS Bureau for Early Warning & Response System - Zone 1, and has contributed to the peacekeeping missions of ECOMOG in the subregion.
(b) Please indicate whether a system of minimum wages has been established, and specify the groups of wage earners to which it applies, the number of persons covered by each group as well as the competent authority for determining these groups.
 In his view, the Committee should set priorities, taking into account the different levels of development among the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Since the initial subscription fee for a hosted service is relatively low , it's low risk decision.
New insights in to how germs affect the human body, as well as advancements in microscopy, led scientists to discover the root causes for a multitude of infectious diseases.
Mr. MAJOOR (Netherlands): After so many delegations have spoken, I would like to take the floor only very briefly in order to share our joy and gratitude that we have finally, under your able chairmanship, Mr. President, decided on the establishment of an ad hoc committee to negotiate the fissile material cut—off treaty, on the basis of the Shannon report and the mandate contained therein.
Statement by His Excellency Pasquale Valentini, Prime Minister of the Republic of San Marino
Overall, the figures used are conservative and have been applied on the assumption that there will be no major increase in requirements during the biennium.
The NT between neighbor hills correlated to each other negatively, but most of them didn't reach a significant level.
The participation of reputable, independent international experts and their issuance of research-based findings will make it possible not only to achieve an accurate understanding of the environmental impact of the industrial plants located in the border areas of Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, but will also enable our countries to work out a unified, integrated and rational approach to environmental protection and natural resource management.
As planned, UNHCR and the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) launched a new Handbook on nationality and statelessness.
I circled a number of jobs in the first two columns I skimmed.
Tuberculosis death rate per 100,000 population*
The meeting will be chaired by H.E. Mr. Marco Antonio Suazo (Honduras), Chairman of the Second Committee.
It made a recommendation.
Postage stamps and postal history of Japan
Charles found his patient an excellent excuse to see Emma, whose charm and grace had captivated the young doctor.
Although no study has proved mobile phones are harmful , no study has proved the contrary either,he added
Subprogramme 2, Integrated social policies
Accordingly, that ground was dismissed.
1. The cost of participation of members, and of alternate members, from developing country Parties and other Parties eligible under UNFCCC practice shall be covered by the budget for the Executive Board.
It also adopted a measure that set out the licensing and inspection obligations of members with regard to their flagged vessels operating in the Convention area.
Some of the letter was illegible.
UNCTAD
Government of Southern Sudan officials complained that NCP was violating the Comprehensive Peace Agreement by refusing to respect the decision of the Commission.
Initiate work on the tasks set out in paragraph 17 (b) (ii) of its work programme (FCCC/KP/AWG/2006/4), and take into account the outcomes from an
- 2008-9-11 11:36:00There are gains for all our losses. There are balms for all our pain; But when youth,the dream,departs It takes something from our hearts, And it never comes again
Due to the large differences between English and Chinese traditional culture , it is especially difficult for a translator to achieve complete equivalence at the rank of word;
In televised debates, he accused all his predecessors of corruption, nepotism, and incompetence.
Decision 269 provides that, upon a determination by the Council that the mandate has been fulfilled, withheld funds under decisions 258 and 266 along with any accrued interest remaining under decision 268 are to be released to the participating Governments.
This decision of Post is collected in the light of news make up, sale, transcribe wait for a branch.
 Low-intensity harvesting will generally mean less timber extracted per hectare in the short term.
Coming at a timely moment, UNIDO's intervention is providing training for counterparts, restructuring and equipping of laboratories, as well as undertaking feasibility studies for the Industrial Fish Export Zone.
The cost estimates also include the cost of commercial airlifts, sea lifts as well as commercial freight and cartage of United Nations-owned equipment.
Feelings , always a part of any musical statement, were a major subject.
7. The present report covers matters that, in the opinion of the Board, should be brought to the attention of the General Assembly.
The question is how to ascertain what the people really want.
57. The work of UNIDIR during the period covered by the present report was carried out by one director and three support staff, including funding for posts for four and a half operational core staff.
The representative of Japan offered to share with the Mobile Phone Working Group his country's experience in the areas of legislation on the manufacturers' role regarding environmentally sound design and voluntary recycling schemes for mobile telephones, run in cooperation with network providers and producers.
73. The Mine Action Service uses commercial companies and military contingents provided by Member States to carry out demining operations.
During the early years of reform in China, citizen's rights to make complains, exposures or charges are based on the citizenship.
Furthermore, the Strategic trade Information Center (STIC), a special organization affiliated with the Korea International Trade Association, was established in August 2004 to assist companies in the conduct of business related to strategic items.
D. COP decisions requesting the GM and the Permanent Secretariat to
Stefan: We'll find him, but after we get the moonstone.
Commission on the Status of Women
When the moon falls completely in the shadow, We can see a total eclipse.
(d) Auxiliary branches of NBG: A branch of the National Gender Bureau will be opened in October 2006 in the district of Nickerie.
IV. Actions to be taken by the General Assembly
 Twenty years down the line, this resolution remains unimplemented, in sharp contrast to other Security Council resolutions whose implementation has been followed up with such assiduity.
The Open-ended Interim Working Group on Trafficking in Persons recommended at its second session, held from 27-29 January 2010 in Vienna, that
Chao Phraya River Express
Think of the recruiter as the big picture person.
We saw what had never before been seen in the history of Afghan women -- a sequence of killing, maiming and violence.
Q.G14 Is subletting of the historic building by the successful applicants allowed?
In other extreme cases, the stakeholder might seem to be uninterested or completely missing in action.
The third instruction is: General Compans will move into the wood to take possession of the first Russian fortification.
The mandate of the Panel, as set out in that resolution, is:
IAC held the first IAC Scientific Committee Meeting on January 21-23, 2002 to elaborate indicators to asses the impact of programmes and interventions.
Reading distracts the mind from grief.
Also shown in the following XSL is a special case template that emits a prefix for the WSDL document's targetNamespace URI.
Between 2000 and 2003, the proportion of young people from families with low levels of education (secondary general school-leaving examination) pursuing higher-education courses increased by 5 per cent to 21 per cent.
2. The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Draft report of the senior officials
d Some landlocked developing countries have territorial water claims within inland seas.
Alumni of Aberystwyth University
New York
46. The right to adequate housing was proclaimed in article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and enshrined in article 11 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
With recent announced delays, the airport is now expected to become operational by 2011-2012.
11. As a result of the changes in its various components, the current account deficit widened from 1.8 per cent of regional GDP in 2012 to 2.6 per cent of GDP in 2013, slightly more than forecast in the Preliminary Overview.
Just Have some faith in what you see
 In future negotiations, it would be essential not to burden the envisaged procedure with restrictions or preconditions that would diminish its deterrent effect.
The Claimant asserts that a "State of Readiness B" was issued during the period of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, in accordance with which the emergency measures were implemented.
USA
Thursday, 21 October 2010, from 4.30 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room C (NLB).
14 Aug. 1964
A decision which declares a law, decree or any other kind of non-judicial order unconstitutional makes it inapplicable and has full effect for all.
For subjects such in Arts and Social science, students are with good communication skills maybe more suitable.
The Advisory Committee was provided with detailed additional information on a variety of subjects, such as the Institute's strategic framework for the period 2004 - 2007, its cooperation with related agencies such as the United Nations Development Fund for Women, a list of its project proposals and its fund-raising strategy.
National Program
As she reached a road intersection, a Ford sedan stopped.
22. The Committee also decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion in the agenda of the items listed under heading B, taking into account the decisions taken regarding items 40 and 61.
): Since your flexibility level is bad, you are in desperate need of a stretching routine of some kind.
With more funds and technical assistance, we intend to expand this collective inter-agency drug-law enforcement exercise as well as improve existing treatment and rehabilitation facilities.
2. The initial aim of working paper E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/37 was to identify "issues and modalities for the effective universality of international human rights treaties".
Letter dated 15 June 2006 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
The law should also be improved so as to preserve family unity and ensure that internally displaced persons can access the documents they need to enjoy their rights.
It also encourages the redoubling of efforts to allocate the necessary resources, if necessary with international assistance, to the rehabilitation and social reintegration of former child soldiers, and in particular to provide compensation and support services to traumatized or permanently disabled former child soldiers.
Hamlet obeyed his father鈥瞫 advice and left the queen and the dead body of Polonius .
The aim of the international community should be not to protect such individuals, but to protect their intended victims.
Hajrizi Dzemajl et al., 161/2000
The Committee recognizes that responsibilities to respect and ensure the rights of children extend in practice beyond the State and State-controlled services and institutions to include children, parents and wider families, other adults, and nonState services and organizations.
Eli's sons were wicked men ; they had no regard for the LORD.
He attached a label to his baggage.
After she lost a leg, she went on the dole.
In South America, the Inter American Development Bank, the World Bank and the Central American Bank for Economic Integration are supporting the Initiative for the Integration of Regional Infrastructure in South America.
Along with the improvement of living condition, landscape and environment in residential district has become a new focus in the urban community planning in China.
6.29 Special measures
124. The relations between the Orthodox Church and the State are perceived as being necessary, in conformity with the Constitution and because of the numerical importance of Orthodox Greeks and the historical role played by the Orthodox Church in the independence of Greece.
In practice, the only workable solution would be the creation and implementation of a "legal" chain of supply of cannabis, as an exception and parallel to the illegal trade in cannabis.
“Both delegations reaffirmed their support for the early warning system and the need to improve the exchange of real time data on fishing operations. The Commission agreed to recommend to their Governments that every effort be made to ensure a level of 40,000 tons of Illex spawning stock biomass at the end of the fishing season.
Agreement relating to the Implementation of Part XI of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 Decem-ber 1982. New York, 28 July 1994
However, in accordance with resolution 58/126 of 19 December 2003, in June of each year, the President-elect of the General Assembly, after taking into account the views provided by Member States and following consultations with the incumbent President and the Secretary-General, will suggest an issue, or issues, of global concern upon which Member States will be invited to comment during the general debate.
(c) This commitment needs a sound information base and evaluation mechanism;
So am thinking whether is it the time to buy a watch?
Reaffirming the importance of international cooperation in developing the rule of law, including the relevant norms of space law and their important role in international cooperation for the exploration and use of outer space for peaceful purposes, and of the widest possible adherence to international treaties that promote the peaceful uses of outer space,
"Flexible working hours" means that the employee may, within certain limits, decide for himself/herself when to work.
We welcome the presence of the National Transitional Council within the United Nations, and urge the authorities of that country to conduct an inclusive process of peaceful transition to ensure peace, stability and social progress in that part of Africa.
Report of the Secretary-General on recruitment and staffing in the United Nations: strategy going forward
667. The Arab and Druze pupils have achieved, on average, lower scores on past national assessment tests than their Jewish counterparts.
Non-governmental organizations invited to provide input into/comment on Australia's Common Core Document
W. Haywood Burns Environmental Education Center (Special, 2004)
A person who races such an automobile.
It is instructive to consider the emerging situation from the perspective of a neutral observer, such as George Perkovich, an American expert on proliferation issues, who recently wrote a research paper commissioned by the International Commission on Nuclear Non-Proliferation and Disarmament.
A convertible bond is one which may BE exchanged at the option of the bondholder for a specified numBEr of shares of common stock.
VII. Health and social services
I'm very grateful, Robbie
To achieve any reasonable safe emissions trajectory, the market for fuel cells, photovoltaics, wind energy, and other critical technologies will need to be accelerated soon;
But as the deadline nears, markets may grow more restive.
Follow-up and monitoring
Tunisian dinar United Arab Emiratesb
Under the Constitution, the Governor, who is appointed for four years by the British monarch, is responsible for external affairs, defence, internal security and the public service.
Summon Mana Gem no longer castable in battle.
Nigeria
Hungary
Sheung Wan Fong Project Area
Normative frameworks 5 - 9 3
Citizens have the right to know the truth and supervise the celebrity, thus forming a kind of public opinion.
28. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session the sub-item entitled "Women in development". 90th plenary meeting
Interim report on results-based budgeting for the biennium 2002-2003
In addition, in accordance with the requirements of customers we can design and manufacture of various types of non-standard moulds .
2. Requests the Conference on Disarmament, without prejudice to further overview of its agenda, to keep the matter under review, as appropriate, with a view to making, when necessary, recommendations on undertaking specific negotiations on identified types of such weapons;
Shaolin Kungfu is exerting more and more influence on the world through ceaseless communication and transmission.
With projects like this one, and others across this country, we are staking our claim to continued leadership in the new global economy.
:: It is of global interest that the nearly 70-year record of non-use of nuclear weapons be extended forever
The Acting President: I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Espen Barth Eide, Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway.
Drop bias and everlasting quarrel, and ask ourselves whether or not we shall just live under the looking down of the Horde?
Information Economy Report 2009: 10 press conferences
42. An e-learning course -- Gender Equality, UN Coherence and You -- was developed jointly by UNICEF, the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and UN-Women.
According to the administering Power, there were 52,000 cruise ship visitors in the 2006-2007 season, compared to 45,000 in the 2005-2006 season.
(d) (i) Level of satisfaction expressed by data users with the availability of essential economic and social statistics on the ECE region
Propose a political agenda by governments, public institutions and political parties to set up an Equality Legislation and to create independent bodies devoted to guarantee the efficient implementation and accomplishment of this legislation.
How do you want your burger?
If you call someone a redneck, it means you think that they 	are not very cultured or sophisticated.
18.96 The amount of $991,400 comprises: (a) $743,900 for the funding of three posts (2 Professional and 1 National Officer), redeployed from the subregional office for the Pacific; and (b) $247,500 for non-post requirements for, inter alia, expert group meetings to provide expertise for a background paper on emerging economic and social development issues in North and Central Asia, travel of staff, contractual services to maintain the information technology structure of the office and other general operating requirements.
The Expert Group concluded that all proposals received so far had been reflected in the CPC structure and detail and agreed to distribute the draft in that form for worldwide consultation.
Stress testing and analysis of construction column in masonry structure on fist storey frame
All regions of the continent are affected, with the pastoralist drylands being particularly prone to droughts and sudden floods.
This will require catalyzing action from a broad array of stakeholders to help meet its stated objectives by 2030.
If, in accordance with the theme of its fiftieth anniversary, the goal of the United Nations has always been and remains to create a better world for all peoples, it can be said that the Sovereign Military Order of Malta has a place reserved for it in this Assembly.
Accordingly, it is proposed to meet the remaining amount of $206,400 under the provisions of the contingency fund.
Joanna Rosewas recently granted leave by the High Court to begin an action under the Human Rights Act that would force authorities to give moreidentifyinginformation about donors to offspring born since 1991
There is a crescent - shape scar on his forehead.
l See IAEA document GOV/OR.773.
He is said to have lived out the remainder of his life in relative obscurity.
VI. INTERACTIVE DIALOGUE WITH REGIONAL EXPERTS
(2) to examine and endorse or to reject the enterprise's programmes for wage adjustment, programmes for bonus distribution, measures for labour protection, measures for awards and penalties and other important rules and regulations;
In seven pilot countries (Bolivia, Guatemala, Jamaica, Namibia, Niger, Morocco and Samoa), UN Volunteers mobilized community volunteers, helped partners to develop project ideas and proposals and introduced innovative local development solutions for people, nature and resilient communities.
The data were reviewed by the rapporteur member State Spain and relevant assessment reports and recommendations were submitted to peer review by all European Union member States in accordance with Article 8(1) of Regulation (EC) No 451/2000.
:: Eleven provinces have a high threat level
Contact Group on Piracy off the Coast of Somalia (tenth plenary meeting) (under the chairmanship of the Netherlands)
Commission on Human Rights, Working Group on Enforced and Involuntary Disappearances, seventy-third session [Economic and Social Council decision 2003/38] 16-20 August
102B. The revisions to the Guide propose that the following principal factors, considered as a whole, will tend to indicate whether the location in which the foreign proceeding has commenced is the debtor's centre of main interests.
4. Decides that Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Observer Mission shall be credited with their respective share of the net cash available in the Special Account for the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia in the amount of 1,573,000 dollars as at 30 April 2013, in accordance with the levels updated in its resolution 64/249 of 24 December 2009, taking into account the scale of assessments for 2010, as set out in its resolution 64/248 of 24 December 2009;
Since then, the Security Council has repeatedly reaffirmed the good offices mandate and has given, in resolutions and presidential statements, detailed guidance for its implementation.
3. Each Party shall ensure that for the twelve-month period commencing on 1 January [2021], and in each 12-month period thereafter, its calculated level of consumption of the controlled substances in Annex F does not exceed, annually, [fifty-five] per cent of the average of its calculated levels of consumption in [2004, 2005, and 2006] of Annex F, Group I plus Annex C, Group I substances.
Coming in the same year as the International Conference on Financing for Development, such recommendations were understood by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), in the spirit of the Monterey Consensus, as assisting developing countries in their efforts to strengthen domestic resource mobilization and its enabling environment, as much as providing developing country societies with tools to interact with a globalizing world.
The pain made him long for oblivion.
Then King Zedekiah gave commandment, and they committed Jeremiah to the court of the guardhouse and gave him a loaf of bread daily from the bakers' street, until all the bread in the city was gone
Pakistan
Report of the Joint Advisory Group on the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO on its thirty-fifth session (ITC/AG/(XXXV)/191).
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict: draft resolution (A/57/L.76/Rev.1) [27]
The representative also thanked Nigeria for acknowledging the United Kingdom's position that it considers economic, social and cultural rights to be as important as civil and political rights, and that all rights are mutually interdependent and interrelated.
Objective of the Organization: Ensure full accountability for all financial, accounting, and disbursement operations of the Fund, including the issuance of accurate and timely financial statements and liaison with both Internal and External Auditors regarding financial matters.
Overall, only ten of the 35 ministries went to pro-change forces, with the other ministers a combination of old-regime figures and technocrats without any publicly declared political affiliation.
It noted that Dominica has recognised a need to further update and strengthen legislative, institutional and procedural frameworks in order to reflect current international human rights norms.
Sometimes a blacksmith would be employed to make weapons.
Hong Kong stands out as a beacon of free trade in goods and services. The environment, especially for global services providers, in many parts of the region is restrictive for non-national companies.
6.2 The Committee declared the communication admissible with regard to the complaints relating to article 25 (c) and article 14, paragraph 1, of the Covenant, the latter article relating to the alleged lack of a fair trial, given the fact that the reporting judge in the decision of the Administrative Chamber of the High Court of Justice was also a lecturer at the University of Murcia.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
ii) Environmentally sound dismantling of ships;
This is the result of a change in the methodology used for contracts (in particular, lump-sum contracts).
Professor of Engineering for Sustainable Development, University of Cambridge
Why don't you try these on.
He should be able to lead a perfectly normal life.
Following the finalization of the preliminary investigation, the documents on the case will be submitted to the District Prosecutor of Ihtiman.
"Other studies have found that if a man loses his job, it can have both short-term and long-term psychological effects, even if he finds another job with equal salary," he says.
But in spite of glaring evidence and frequent warnings, the public is smoking more and more
Accordingly, the International Recovery Platform conducts Post-Disaster Needs Assessments, which harmonize the assessment, analysis and prioritization of needs by various stakeholders.
In the years 2001 and 2002: The option of obtaining continued social security cover at favourable terms was extended.
On 4 August 1997 he was transferred to house arrest, apparently incommunicado.
List of U.S. state budgets
S/RES/2108 (2013) The Security Council,
The second thing to know about doing business in China is that you must build guanxi.
(iii) Information exchanges on national legislation and national information and communications technologies security strategies and technologies, policies and best practices;
Mr. Obama and his aides are signaling their intention to lay the groundwork for swift action on the economic front when the new administration takes over in January.
(b) Secured assets
Turn the ac meters switch to INV.
The kinematics of free electrons is described by the free Dirac equation, a four-dimensional system of partial differential equations.
Chazé-Henry
(iii) Special events: launching of the annual Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific in selected member countries of ESCAP and United Nations organizations (2); World Habitat Day (2); World Poverty Eradication Day (2);
The European Union supported the work of that Committee and appealed to all the States Parties to the Convention to cooperate fully with it and fulfil their reporting obligations.
All members of the Council will have to fully cooperate with the Council.
Other staff members shall be granted either permanent or temporary appointments under such terms and conditions consistent with the present Regulations as the Secretary-General may prescribe.
The draft article would contribute to the stability and healthy development of international relations.
Tenth session
Good offices and political advice by the Representative of the Secretary-General on key political, security and socio-economic developments, to major national stakeholders, including regular consultations with regional and international partners
We must ceaselessly strengthen the fighting capacity of our army.
She received the answer in silence and backed awkwardly out.
. Adobe offers two ways for affiliates to participate in CLP; the method of affiliate participation is decided by the CLP member organization.
What are you doing out here fred?
It falls under articles 227 and 227 bis of the Criminal Code.
2007-09-27 11:52 The world economy looks like a healthy man who has been told to cut down on his beloved coffee: the ailment is well known, but the cure is unpalatable.
Europe's first spacecraft to the moon ended its three-year mission Sunday by crashing into the lunar surface in a volcanic plain called the Lake of Excellence, to a round of applause in the mission control room in Germany
It provides for the establishment of a national food security and nutrition system, as well as the creation of a National Food Security and Nutrition Council.
 It could also include provisions for the protection of United Nations authorized forces or missions and other international relief missions from the effects of land-mines.
:: Consolidate the values of justice, equality and respect
Other Iranian diplomats also are reportedly resigning from their posts and seeking asylum abroad.
The meetings of the Committee shall normally be held at the United Nations Headquarters.
In the peacekeeping missions, consultants will facilitate training sessions and assess the capacity/availability of local facilitators for a trainthetrainer programme, with the objective of local delivery of the orientation sessions.
 Out of concern for educational pursuit and the demands of the students who were not allowed to leave Gaza, the Agency requested and obtained permits from the Israeli authorities for students from Gaza attending UNRWA training centres in the West Bank.
3. Insurance arrangements
(b) Incorporate reproductive health education in the school curriculum;
It includes such items as bank charges and adjustments for currency fluctuation.
The study got mixed reviews from other climate scientists in part because the eastern United States has recently been wetter and cooler than forecast.
Ms. Glaudine Mtshali*, Mr. Segagwane Samuel Kotane, Ms. Ketlareng Sybil Matlhako, Mr. Pitso Montwedi.
Frances Stewart was elected Chairperson, while Mulu Ketsela and Philippe Hein were elected Vice-Chairperson and rapporteur, respectively.
Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in an advanced age, and if we do not plant it while young, it will give us no shade when we grow old.
(c) Encouragement of breastfeeding.
At the same meeting, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the Council further decided to extend an invitation, under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure, to Mr. Robert H. Serry, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process and Personal Representative of the SecretaryGeneral.
In addition, it also provided yet further occasion for individual discussions between the United Nations and CSCE at leadership level.
Recalling the dispatch in 1979 of a United Nations visiting mission to the Territory, and noting the recommendation of the 1996 Pacific regional seminar for sending a visiting mission to Guam, See A/AC.109/2058, para. 33 (20).
Chart 1-c - The number of identified domestic victims
Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits
Waste management (and minimization)
When they immediately started in on him, I intentionally knocked my glass over, too
There is no people in the Middle East that needs peace more than the Palestinian people.
Thailand: Narong Suwanapiam, Chantana Panpreecha, Komgrich Patpongpanit, Chaiwat Chotima, Rachanikorn Sarasiri, Natenapa Kongsri
This is a three-dimensional figure.
Sustainable development [item 20]
 "Human rights questions:
A. Views of the Committee in respect of communication No. 3/2004
Original: English
But even when people do not work together, globalization, by bringing the world to everyone’s living room (or hut), enables them to make much wider comparisons of their living standards.
In Abuja, meetings were held with the ECOWAS Commissioner for Political Affairs, Peace and Security and other senior officials.
433. On 30 October 2013, the Council adopted its annual report for the period from 1 August 2012 to 31 July 2013 (A/68/2).
146. The Board further recommends that the Fund resolve its current inability to access the ProcurePlus asset register system with the Central Support Services of the United Nations.
Report of the Secretary-General on environment and human settlements
This paper presents the construetion, principle and experimental resultsof the new fuel saver in diesel engine developed by the authors recently.
Any person who wishes to object to the proposed works or the use should write to the Secretary for Transport, 16th Floor, Murray Building, Garden Road, Hong Kong, not later than June 1, 1999.
Governments of States of the region should be encouraged to establish financial intelligence units where they have not already done so.
The Expert Panel Forum will be held from 2pm to 6pm this Saturday at the SME Training Centre 3, Expo Galleria, Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre.
Promote gender equality and empower women
You only recognize God if he speaks English.
IV. VIOLENCE AND LOSS OF LIFE 16 22 9
Report of the first meeting of the Group of Experts
the rights and obligations of the trustee and the loan servicer;
Chairman
The occupation of Palestinian towns and cities; repeated incursions; constant attacks on homes, economic facilities and schools; the systematic destruction of infrastructure; the blocking of funds belonging to the Palestinian Authority; and virtual paralysis in public life: these have all severely damaged the Palestinian economy, which is on the verge of collapse.
56. The Special Rapporteur notes that although humanitarian law provides an important legal framework to address the phenomena of release of toxic and dangerous products during armed conflict, norms of international human rights law remain applicable.
 Sanitary conditions were appalling.
It was initially proposed that 113 posts be abolished in the Registry during the biennium 2010-2011 as follows: (a) October 2010: 4 posts (2 P-5, 1 P-4 and 1 General Service (Other level)); (b) November 2010: 5 posts (1 P-2 and 4 Security Service); (c) January 2011: 26 posts (2 P-4, 2 P-3, 4 P-2, 6 General Service (Other level) and 12 Security Service); (d) March 2011: 70 posts (1 P5, 6 P-4, 11 P-3, 12 P-2, 16 General Service (Other level) and 24 Security Service); and (e) April 2011: 8 posts (Security Service).
(Signed) M. Javad Zarif
Listen as the crowd would sing.
119. At the same meeting, Mr. Bengoa introduced draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2004/L.25, sponsored by Mr. Alfredsson and Mr. Bengoa.
The establishment of a special unit in the Department of the Environment to monitor the implementation of the National Strategy for Traveller Accommodation.
In a world open to all kinds of influences, many parents, teachers and educators seem to lack pedagogical guideposts.
Let me also thank the secretariat.
They include the following:
Most of the means tests could not be finalized in a timely manner.
Table A.5.10 Requirements by subprogramme and source of funds
I know it will not be possible to comfort you, but I fell you ought to know what happened.
Manufacturing firms in Hong Kong are renowned for their versatility.
An interesting geographical movement in the logistics services sector is the shift in activities among and between developed and developing countries.
General Service and other
205. In 2005, an Optional Protocol to the Convention was adopted which, inter alia, extended the protection afforded by the Convention, without the added requirement of a declaration of exceptional risk, to "all other United Nations operations established by a competent organ of the United Nations in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and conducted under United Nations authority and control for the purposes of ... delivering emergency humanitarian assistance".
Chile 528 589 67
Senator John McCain, another leading Republican, though one often ready to disagree with Bush, expressed regret for the civilian deaths, but added, “I can’t tell you that we wouldn’t do the same thing again.”
Growth is likely to be even more rapid in the coming years as the government seeks to achieve close to the global average for gas consumption, comprising 24 per cent of the energy mix.
Winning over the trust of citizens is perhaps the toughest challenge.
The Rotterdam Convention is ratified and implemented by all countries.
16. The Chairperson commended Luxembourg on its fourth periodic report and thanked the delegation for its constructive and useful dialogue with the members of the Committee.
The third option is to muddle through, shedding a few duds and tolerating the rest.
However, the provisional versions of the new manuals, as well as of other existing manuals on the administrative support of peacekeeping operations, have been made available to field missions through the Peacekeeping Database.
All the relativistic effects except spin - orbit coupling are considered.
Take my silver and my gold, not a mite would I withhold.
In addition, two classes of diagnostic learning skills were opened, one in the college of Sakhnin (north), and the second in Be'er-Sheva (south) in the framework of the Open University funded by the Ministry of Education.
Draw your chair nearer, please.
252. In 2015, the proposed changes to the number and level of the positions for the Office of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for the Sahel include: (a) the discontinuation of the position of Under-Secretary-General that was approved for one month in 2014; (b) the proposed establishment of a P-4 Political Affairs Officer; (c) the proposed establishment of the posts of Senior Staff Assistant/Personal Assistant (Field Service) and Driver (Local level).
And that must be a truly integrated process to ensure that the pace of progress is even and that one goal is not being pursued at the expense of others or by ignoring other equally important sectors.
(d) Introducing new deadlines for admission in order to ensure the timely issuance of COP documents to Parties within the scope of the reduced level of resources.
Furthermore, the department has registered 263 women as SANWIT members.
Providing information through research and coordination with researcher
Today the company is struggling to avoid becoming the UK's highest - profile private equity failure.
Adoption of the agenda, organization of work and allocation of items: request for the inclusion of an additional item submitted by Togo (A/55/240 and Add.1) [8]
UNDP Goodwill Ambassador, Mr. Danny Glover, will be the Master of Ceremonies.
Sixth session
Together, we will make this World City a more caring and harmonious place to live and to work.
The dove gave gratitude and said farewell to the old tree.
Union Party
If it cannot increase funding, it should at least maintain the same allocation; the Government should narrow the funding gap between authorized expenditure and the actual expenditure.
She denies that she attempted to bribe any witness.
The Economic and Social Council,
That international tourism to the region has also been improving is especially important for the economies of Nepal and Sri Lanka.
In the second sentence, replace the words "poverty eradication" with the words "the eradication of poverty and hunger".
I should like to inform the Council that, in my capacity as President of the Council, I met with the representatives of the parties, who have confirmed to me that they maintain their well-known positions vis-à-vis the item on the Council's agenda.
8. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its seventieth session the item entitled "The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East".
(a) Improving accessibility and quality of information on reproductive and sexual health and of services for adolescents; sociocultural and economic factors contributing to teenage pregnancy; and how to promote an enabling environment for adolescent reproductive health;
But, while it is true that such expansionary policies can have a recessionary impact on other economies, modern international-finance theory shows that the concept of a “currency war” is a myth.
Filignano
Italy
I just want things to go back to the way they used to be-- You know, walking to school together, Dancing on tables at bungalow, Night swimming at your mom's country house.
When a person has consented to surrender in accordance with the provisions of article 92, paragraph 3, and the requested State proceeds to surrender the person to the Court, the Court may then ask the requested State whether it is still necessary, after the surrender, that the State should be provided with the documents described in article 91.
P-2/1
Has a cost-benefit analysis been carried out?
The Board recommended, however, that resident audit workplans should be executed and finalized in a timely manner and that audit reports should be also issued faster (A/65/5 (Vol. II), chap. II, paras. 294337).
66. The Special Committee considered the question of New Caledonia at its 7th and 11th meetings, on 10 and 12 July 2000.
President of the sixty-second session of the General Assembly
My Chinese name is Bao Jian Kun.
According to the WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme on Water Supply and Sanitation, the global water access target for the Goals was met by 2013, but this target falls short of universal access, falls short of water safe to drink, has been achieved largely through urban rather than rural access, and is quite compatible with continued time poverty for women, high costs of access and other indicators of water poverty (e.g., highly variable water quality, low reliability of water access source, physical burden of collecting and hauling).
Fieldtesting of the toolkit for the identification and quantification of mercury releases in the Asian region, through funding from the UNEP Mercury Trust Fund.
134A Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui
11. Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
Tarsiers are tiny primates so small that they can sit in the palm of your hand. They have enormous eyes, soft velvety fur and long fingers.
 The Association believed that the X-Prize would stimulate public interest in space exploration and development, and lead to the capability to fly many people into space, goals which the ASE promotes.
265. The measures mentioned in paragraphs 255_263 regarding risk groups have proved to be effective, although there are a number of problems which necessitate other measures in addition to those listed in paragraphs 252 and 255.
It supports all the major e-mail clients and it's super-easy to use.
It was suggested that ODA could be redirected to these areas.
Various overlay mediums , such as agar , starchgel, methyl cellulose and tragacanth are used.
As long as there was any danger, M. Gillenormand, seated in despair at his grandson's pillow, was, like Marius, neither alive nor dead.
The Committee notes the absence of information about court proceedings during which provisions of the Convention were directly invoked or applied, which indicates a continuing lack of awareness among women and among the judiciary and legal professions about the rights of women under the Convention and its Optional Protocol and the Committee's general recommendations, which have not been translated into Montenegrin.
We must try to implement the 1990s agenda commitment on development, especially now, after the reinforcement of those commitments by the Millennium Summit Declaration.
As an advanced organizing manner and managing idea, modern logistics is widely thought as the third margin headspring except the enterprises reduce consumption and increase labor productivity.
But I being young and foolish, with her would not agree
The Committee takes note of the ongoing reform of the social security system but remains concerned that the cost of social insurance and health is very high, which may affect lowincome families.
c) stock exchange;
Acting in accordance with the purposes and principles of the Charter,
90. Although the region has a growing number of space-faring countries and despite the number of existing and planned remote sensing satellites, space and GIS applications continue to be underutilized primarily because of the lack of capacity in Asia-Pacific developing countries in terms of human, scientific, technological, organizational and institutional resources and expertise for operational applications of these tools.
General policy measures are increasingly assuming greater practical importance than specific FDI-enabling policies for most countries.
When you leave school, if you don''t go for your dreams, no one will do it for you.
Moreover, non - uniform contact may be the source of leaks in the future.
The last 'n' is constructed out of one pen stroke.
Why didn't she think of them before?
24. The Group of Non-Aligned States Parties to the Treaty reaffirms that, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, States must refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any State or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations.
The Circular outlined the Government's policy on Gender Mainstreaming and its implications.
(Restrictions on the Use of MOTAPM)
Resource requirements by source of funds
The Committee is also concerned at the inadequate HIV / AIDS policy in place as well as at the lack of funds allocated to the prevention of STDs.
The financial targets of the Conference of $1.4 billion in 2005 and $1.5 billion in 2010 (for prevention activities only) are far below these estimated requirements and should be revised to more accurately address current needs and costs, including those for treatment.
Those approaches had, in most cases, been in place for several decades and ranged from sharing language training expenses with staff to operating language recognition schemes (language allowance for the General Service staff and language incentive for the Professional staff), with a number of organizations making proficiency in at least two languages a recruitment requirement.
1. The present report was prepared pursuant to General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991, in which the Secretary-General was requested to report to the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance.
Supported by the extended class, workflow description language can define the functions of metrics collection, notification and validation for bug track process.
Ariane 5 will be able to launch two 3-tonne satellites into geostationary transfer orbit simultaneously or a single satellite of 6.8 tonnes.
151. Assessed contributions of $7,299.9 million have been recorded in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the policies of the United Nations, on the basis of the peacekeeping scale of assessment.
The young prince told her that when they were married he would take her to his own kingdom.
But Yellen’s speeches on financial risks showed more foresight than those of most of her peers.
However, the source presented allegations concerning specific cases in which these procedural guarantees were not followed by the State Security Court, allegations that were summarized in the communications sent to the Government on 16 October 1996 and 18 November 1996.
Logical Composition of Confucius'Social Theory ( Part Two)
Activities of the United Nations Development Fund for Women
We pigged out on pizza last night.
Rutaremara
- To continue to support the registration and screening of former combatants,
Another Chinese designed and built ship was recently launched.
Huey: Why are you two so immature?
But it may be that we are seeing a revival of a less benign Keynesian doctrine: “ideas, knowledge, science....should of their nature be international.
192. The ECLAC subregional headquarters for the Caribbean will execute a UNFPA-funded project on the integration of population policies into development planning in the Caribbean subregion.
The relevant statistics are provided in Tables 16 and 17.
resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
The following are representative chlor-alkali processors using the membrane cell process.
Teacher training
You have good reason to feel hopeful for yourself. You will weather well through the seasons of love.
The only time suppressive fire works is when it is used on abandoned positions.
The Chamber also rendered 154 decisions (69 written and 85 oral).
As early as 1892, the Institut de Droit International recognized that a State may not prohibit its nationals from entering its territory.
Water may serve as a type of instability.
Republic of Moldova
The Council welcomes the AU-RTF's enhanced operations against the LRA in recent months, which have increased pressure on the LRA command structure and resulted in several significant defections of LRA fighters and the rescue of women and children from the LRA's ranks.
78. There were no comments or queries from delegations.
Supervision of these efforts has been entrusted to the Equal Status Council.
Pea-soup was a common article in his diet, as well as potatoes and beans, the latter large and brown and cooked in Mexican style.
Sean Connery will receive the American Film Institute's Life Achievement Award, its highest honor for a career in film, the institute announced Thursday
World War was worse than World War.
According to the case law of the Council of State, the restrictions imposed by the legislator and the Administration in the exercise of individual rights should be those which are considered necessary and which are in line with the purpose pursued by law.
January 2007
Detective Amsterdam. does she have a name?
anniversary of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade
Public health centers provide special healthcare service for women with disabilities while taking into consideration their particular needs.
This measure had a very positive impact on the situation of women since this area is their 2nd employment niche.
34.the situation reached a peak(a high point at) of[%].
The number of returnees verified reached 429,386 people in southern States and the three areas.
Today everybody is in high spirits and no one is in low ebb
In 2007, Internet penetration was higher than the critical level of 33 per cent in only five small island developing States and was below 10 per cent in 9 of the 23 members of the subgroup of small island developing States for which data were available.
More than a quarter of the people in some developed economies are expected to be older than 65 by 2015.
The focal point is also charged with maintaining a diverse roster of pre-screened electoral experts who can be quickly deployed to any United Nations assistance presence.
For example, relevant due process protections need to be provided to applicants, including the right to be informed in advance of their rights.
Decides to comply with the request for an advisory opinion;
The perpetrators fled with the vehicle towards Arkoum.
Freedom of opinion and expression: mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression res. 25/2 18
The Special Rapporteur welcomes the release on 4 January 2001 of Freddy Loseke Lisumbu, Emile-Aimé Kakese Vinalu and Jean-Pierre Ekanga Mukuna.
The workshops were held in: (a) Zambia, from 8 to 12 October 2007, for English-speaking African countries; (b) Thailand, from 15 to 19 October 2007, for Asian countries; (c) Trinidad and Tobago, from 22 to 26 October 2007, for Caribbean countries; (d) Morocco, from 12 to 16 November 2007, for French-speaking African countries; (e) New Caledonia, from 4 to 8 February 2008, for countries of the Pacific region; (f) Chile, from 24 to 27 November 2008, for Latin American countries; and (g) Belarus, from 8 to 12 December 2008, for the member countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States.
Although the United States Congress authorized the adoption of a local constitution in 1976, none of the four attempts made since has been successful.
In the same vein, we must attach particular importance to the Brahimi report (A/55/305) on United Nations peace operations, whose recommendations set out very appropriate conditions for a better peacekeeping doctrine that is more in keeping with the realities of today's world.
The touch of fact in it made it slightly piquant.
This year the delivery was delayed because the Turkish Cypriot authorities objected to the books on political grounds.
The Final Declaration of the second conference emphasized that "the condition of refugees is a global responsibility of the international community" and urged "equitable burden-sharing by all its members, taking into consideration particularly the case of the least developed countries".
In this regard, an Italian institution has been contracted to prepare a training course on early warning systems.
Report on the twenty-eighth session
It did so without either suspending the Constitution or abandoning the humanist ideal.
2. Responses to specific follow-up requests by treaty bodies Concluding observations
Switzerland notes with satisfaction that a working plan has been put in place between the IAEA and Iran to respond to unresolved issues.
Payments received as at the same date amounted to $3,840,132,000, leaving an outstanding balance of $189,098,000.
Identical letters dated 8 November (S/1998/1046) from the representative of Iraq addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council.
The Committee commends the State party on its efforts to recruit women into the police forces and on its system to disseminate information on violence against women.
'Oh yes. But I think I was a very lonely person growing up, so I'm probably less lonely now than I was. '
Sport in Thailand
Centralisation of finance and administration functions and of supporting staff at the Wing headquarters level cut down processes and enhanced overall governance.
Resolution 1674 (2006), para. 12
Plays by year
That explains Wednesday's renewed stress in debt markets.
And that is where machines fail.
If you encounter any problem in the process of implementation, please report to (the Department of Circulating Taxes of) the State Administration of Taxation.
In practical terms, the new peacekeeping model meant that the Department had to attract, recruit and develop highly skilled and experienced staff, retain their services and adequately compensate them for the dangerous and difficult conditions under which they served.
It is also true that some draft articles are hardly relevant to certain organizations.
3 Annual report of the Director-General for 1998 on the activities of ) the Organization (continued))
GM declined to comment about SAIC.
'to stick by' also means to continue to support an idea or plan.
Rest well. Restore your health.
They are exposed to various climates and weather conditions.
Economy of Belarus
The obligation upon States parties to establish a framework for achieving "cessation of the nuclear arms race at an early date and nuclear disarmament" under article VI of the Non-Proliferation Treaty has not been fulfilled.
The thesis contains five parts besides preface, summarize and postscript.
Special attention has been paid to encouraging political participation by black women through the publication of a specific guide by the Racial Equality Policy Department with support from the United Nations Development Fund (UNDP).
As amazing as graphene is, a lot of people are talking about the researchers themselves.
One of the major problems in this connection is the number of victims of such explosions, particularly women and children, who require rehabilitation and need to be reintegrated into society so that they can live lives of dignity.
18. The Chair said that the Commission's achievements would be measured by its ability to bring about tangible results on the ground in the countries on its agenda.
Personal Qualities Communication skills, accuracy in handling details, cheerful personality, strong leadership and a sense of responsibility.
Brazil, with 210 million people, has a newly-elected populist government.
Establishes the countryside sports healthy body organization system;
A Magnificent Rosso Marble and Gilt Console Table.
A major international conference on human rights education was held in November of 2004, with the participation of the national Ombudsman.
It was also noted that the basic policy differences that had prevented the General Assembly from taking action on the Commission's earlier draft articles on the topic had not yet been resolved.
11. Welcomes the establishment by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo of the Constitutional Commission, inaugurated on 5 November 1997, and its elaboration of a new draft Constitution, and encourages a broad and sustained public debate on the principles of the new Constitution before the holding of a referendum;
Mr. Jawdat Naboty (Syrian Arab Republic)
They would also check with the security services of other countries.
6. Enhancement of coordination among the organizations within the United Nations system through the use of advanced information technologies.
Lord Snow, what is this bestial creature doing on our side of the Wall?
And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand.
Tindouf Liaison Office
L.40/Rev.1
Though it s economic reasoning has not been confi rmed, anti - dumping increasingly becomes a strategic tool in t rade, which i s widely used throughout the world.
Thus the potentials of these women could once again be exploited through established sustainable earning opportunities, increased income, self sufficiency and support to the Government in acknowledging and providing a remedy to the sufferings of women war victims in Sierra Leone.
Unfortunately, this important issue -- an integral part of Council resolution 1860 (2009) -- does not receive the appropriate attention that it deserves.
Don't you people ever knock?
Similar revisions have had to be made in respect of the Lima and Lomé Centres.
The extractable fraction of fluoranthene and pyrene was generally much more available for plant uptake than bound residue. 3.
Wireless sensor network ( WSN ) is widely used, which can instantly monitor, collect and process environmental information.
At the national level, the El Salvador Government has decided to breathe new life into its inter-institutional group against terrorism in order to give stronger direction to the prevention and implementation of measures in line with the pillars of the Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy.
These include building online communities and networks; expanding women's access to global and local markets; developing women's ICT capabilities to further empowerment goals; deploying ICT for human development in health, nutrition and education; and promoting advocacy, mobilization and solidarity-building.
The Migration Board did not find the complainant to be entitled to asylum, in need of protection or entitled to a residence permit for any other reasons.
296. The Committee notes with concern that in spite of repeated requests made by the ILO Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations, the State party has not yet repealed legislation which allows the imposition of forced labour on detainees (Ordinance No. 15/APAJ of 20 January 1938) in the context of national food production programmes (Act No. 76-011 of 21 May 1976 concerning national development efforts and its Implementing Order No. 00748/BCE/AGRI/76 of 11 June 1976), and as a means of levying taxes (sections 18 to 21 of Legislative Ordinance No. 71/087 of 14 September 1971 on minimum personal contributions).
Article 3 of the Convention: The full development and advancement of women
Women's Information Consultative Center
The Forum noted the need to promote modal shift to rail and increase the efficiency of railways.
(a) Because the provisions of the Convention regarding non-discrimination between men and women accord with the stipulations made in this respect in articles 11 and 40 of the Egyptian Constitution, the principle of equality did not merely become one legal rule among others when the Convention became part of Egypt's domestic law but became a constitutional precept to which all Egyptian laws must conform, given that they occupy a lower rank than the Constitution.
(c) Of these 90 Parties, 31 have submitted more than 20 nominations each, totalling 74 per cent of the nominations.
In the following example, a cooling tower cools electrical leads for a foundry.
Let us together for the brilliant and each enterprise!
The UNIDO/UNOV delegation was informed by the Minister of Production that the costs for hosting the General Conference in Peru are already included in the national budget for 2013 which should be formally approved by Parliament in November 2012.
:: 6 high-level meetings with the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Human Rights, the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs on rule of law, treatment of detainees and due process rights
Further down the valley he saw the black horse.
 That was a further obstacle to the economic, social and cultural development of the island.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
Burundi
44. United States of America
Multi - objective genetic algorithm ( MOGA ) is a method that can optimize multiple objectives effectively and parellelly.
(a) Increased understanding of various key public and private investment issues and of the impact of foreign direct investment on development, as well as of related policies that could promote development gains from such investment
Dedicated efforts to apply lean manufacturing principles have resulted in reduction in scrap costs , and productivity improvement .
Reporter: (about inspecting live poultry retail outlets)
The LWV has been actively involved in getting out the vote; promoting communities of inclusion to combat racism; and in informing the public about public policy issues.
There are two types of vitamins, water-soluble vitamins and fat-soluble vitamins. Water-soluble vitamins like vitamin C and the B-group vitamins do not stay in the body long and so foods containing these vitamins need to be taken rather often
"Where a Party operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 chooses to avail itself of funding from any other financial mechanism that could result in meeting any part of its agreed incremental costs, that part shall not be met by the Financial Mechanism under Article 10 of this Protocol.
However, once their interest had been noted, women were included in the project and assigned individual parcels of land.
Draft report for the Third United Nations Conference on the
This chart, also known as a pedigree, lists members of each generation of your biological family, with all available health and disease information.
Note by the Secretary-General on the appointment of a member of the Joint Inspection Unit
Specify if the technology relates to one or more of the other UNCCD themes
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
The chest contained the personal belongings of a seaman.
(i) Administrative costs of the implementing agencies and the cost of financing the secretariat services of the Multilateral Fund, including the holding of meetings;
Argentina and Brazil had decided to reactivate their respective nuclear energy programmes, which added significance to the role of the Brazilian-Argentine Agency in its activities of inspection, accounting and control.
It's exactly a right decision make her the only one I may keep in touch with among four, although it's nonsense.
:: Type I: 172 days worked (para. 9)
139. In addition, delegations congratulated UNCTAD for its timely response to the food and financial crises.
The current system has not sufficiently allowed an intergovernmental organ, once it has adopted a resolution, to analyse the effectiveness of its mandates and how they contribute to the overall priorities of the Organization as a basis for subsequent decision-making.
(i) Report of the thirty-sixth session and agenda for the thirty-seventh session of the Advisory Committee on Post Adjustment Questions;
Not until the child fell asleep did the mother leave the room
On repeated occasions, those institutions that have shown greater independence and vigour in fulfilling their auditing and control duties have been threatened with limitations on their powers by means of legislative proposals presented by the Government.
In return, the Partnership provides input based on its experiences in mercury-related projects to the development of the Convention's work on technical guidelines on the environmentally sound management of mercury waste.
5. Requests the Secretary-General to prepare a biennial report, in consultation with the heads of relevant organs, organizations and programmes of the United Nations system, on policies and activities related to entrepreneurship, privatization, demonopolization and administrative deregulation, clarifying the focus of their respective activities;
37. The reduced requirement for air transportation was attributed to lower requirements for the rental and operation of three fixed-wing aircraft (one medium utility and two medium cargo) arising from fewer actual flying hours than planned coupled with the associated lower requirement for aviation fuel, a decrease in charges for air navigation services rendered by Eurocontrol in respect of fixed-wing aircraft flights, the non-implementation of the Headquarters-managed aircraft plotting and tracking system, lower requirements for air crew subsistence allowance given fewer flights outside of the Mission area and reimbursement by UNHCR for cost of flights in support of the confidence-building measures programme.
Table 3 Application of international standards6
Table 14.20 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
The Code of Administrative Liability prescribes a fine for the violation of the citizens' rights to free choice of language in upbringing and education, for the creation of obstacles to and restrictions of the use of a language, and for the disparagement of the State language and other languages of ethnic groups and peoples living in the Republic of Uzbekistan.
However, the Peaceful Assembly and Peaceful Procession Act and other laws were being applied to intimidate and harass civil society and journalists.
Major categories of active ships in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's civilian fleet
Field Security Section and Field Safety Advisors should be given access to information on the use of the resources needed for monitoring implementation of security-related measures in the field.
e See annex V for these priority areas.
ObjectiveTo explore audition and speech training methods for artificial cochlea implantation children and evaluate its effect.
Barack Obama, to negotiate on his behalf.
Airola
They made personal sacrifices too.
Such transfer can take place with or without the support of international agreements that Sweden has acceded to, provided that national jurisdiction over the concerned crimes exists.
Total funding provided to the Citizens' Information Board has increased from Euro44.986 million in 2010 to Euro47.540 million in 2013.
Furthermore UN-OHRLLS was entrusted with an important mandate to enhance its cooperation and coordination with international organizations, particularly those who undertook operational activities on the ground.
www.un.org/chronicle
Coordination and harmonization between the sectors responsible for addressing the issue of desertification
77. His delegation would appreciate information on a number of points raised in the report.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee
HyD. Star Fluid  Controls  is a Joint - stock company of China and America.
Sixth Day of Discussion on Notarial Law in the North, Central America and the Caribbean, Tegucigalpa, June 1991
THE SECURITY AND SOLIDARITY OF ISLAMIC STATES Recalling the purposes and principles of the UN Charter;
There's nothing for me here now.
One case referred to psychological integrity, where a youth human rights defender had received death threats.
62/512 Review of the implementation of the Declaration on the Strengthening of International Security
III. The August rebellion
The President (interpretation from Spanish): There are no further speakers.
Divergent views were expressed on the desirability of a discussion of the issue of enforcement of awards rendered in online arbitral proceedings.
The Task Force has recommended that appropriate action be taken by the Organization.
(i) If necessary, propose the creation and organization, and suggest modalities for the operation of units in Member States for combating corruption and handling all related information.
102. The independent expert welcomes the efforts made by UNPOS to progressively increase the presence of its human rights officers in Somalia, through its frequent missions to Somaliland and Puntland, and to Mogadishu and other parts of Somalia when security permits.
Some people bluff  right through to the end of their lives.
Having experienced and well-qualified prosecutors is important, but they can present cases to the Tribunal only based on the evidence gathered by the investigative staff.
Before we begin the voting process, I should like to remind members that, pursuant to rule 88 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, no representative shall interrupt the voting except on a point of order on the actual conduct of the voting.
The present, seventh annual report covers the period from 1 August 2013 to 31 July 2014.
The drafting of a new Constitution provided an opportunity to address not solely problems in the Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile regions but also issues of governance and participation by all regions in governing the country.
Globalization can be conceptualized as a multifaceted process of structural economic, technological and social change, characterized by the opening of national economies to trade, foreign capital and foreign workers.
In order to face the serious threat of climate change and protect the life-sustaining ecosystems of the world, a legally binding agreement was urgently needed under the Framework Convention and in accordance with its principles and provisions, including equity and common but differentiated responsibilities.
Only 4 per cent of the Latin American countries had illiteracy rates greater than 50 per cent, in contrast to 40 per cent of the countries in Africa.
Look what they're doing.
American humorist) Friendship is love without his wings.
In the application, I have a region for the Form.
(b) A public service commission or ombudsman; or
Hearing the news he started to think of a good way to solve the problem.
At its thirty-sixth session, the Committee on World Food Security invited the Standing Committee on Nutrition to become a member of its Advisory Group and secretariat.
f/ It has been the practice to provide verbatim records for plenary meetings and First Committee meetings only.
Mo: Well, as the other guys are still not in, I'll introduce you to them
47. In 1989, by its resolution 44/34, the General Assembly adopted the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries. However, the Convention entered into force only in 2001.
Minority languages may be used concurrently with the Chinese language by enterprises in autonomous areas of minority nationalities.
There was support for the view that the documentary shipper should be required to accept that identity before it could be held accountable, and it was suggested that the term "accepts" should be retained and the brackets and other possible terms deleted, as "accepts" best conveyed the intended requirement.
There's a huge puddle! You'll get your feet wet! Wait!
Close to 100 First Nations are already controlling their own community health resources as a result of the transfer initiative, and more than 200 others are involved in some phase of the transfer process.
She's got a problem with a stalker.
Schedule 7.1. United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission: expenditure for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003 as at 30 June 2003
The draft Bill comprises all forms of trafficking in persons and related sanctions.
Chamber choir
1. The General Assembly, by its resolution 45/158 of 18 December 1990, adopted and opened for signature, ratification and accession the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families and called upon all Member States to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Convention as a matter of priority.
But you told me that you had been up in the crawlspace for PI and PI was never assigned to go there We're done here, right?
National:
No leakage from the roof at testing rain storm of5 litre per square metre per minute.
68. Several components of FRA 2000 are still unfunded, in particular the remote sensing programme, for which no extrabudgetary resources have been received.
21. Ms. Gabr said that she would appreciate further information regarding the proposed special parliamentary committee for gender equality.
33. Ms. Calcinari Van Der Velde (Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela) said that her Government rejected the selective singling out of countries under the pretext of defending human rights.
6. The wide range of concerns and priorities related to forests in the world are determined by the economic, social and political conditions, as well as the endowment of forest cover in countries.
138. The third addendum to the present report (A/65/305/Add.3) describes in detail progress to date and future implementation of Inspira.
My country wishes to devote its efforts to eliminating poverty and endemic diseases, including AIDS.
"Facilitate communication among the States Parties, and promote communication and information regarding the Convention towards States not Party and the public"
Her beauty is most dazzling
25. Decides that travel expenses for one representative of each of the least developed countries shall be paid from the regular budget of the United Nations for participation in all formal meetings of the forum;
Conflicts between some statutes and the Constitution and conflicts among laws and the defects in the penal code;
This package and the Court's website information are available in hard copy.
It is possible to overstate the benefits of stabilization.
It had already disbursed $730 million to more than 33 countries, largely in the form of grants.
Education and training activities are being carried out: some 29,655 detainees benefited during the period 2008 - 2011, an increase of 26 per cent over the previous three years.
Excuse me, Sir. It is not safe lying on the floor. It might bruise you in case of turbulence and threaten others.
After the completion of all of the assessments in August 2009, an analysis of the SIAR process in 2009 was carried out, aimed at identifying areas where adjustments and improvements are needed.
Spread each slice generously with butter.
An effective financial mechanism was therefore key to addressing the challenges posed by mercury use for artisanal and small-scale gold mining.
17. Canada emphasizes the importance of transparency, irreversibility and verifiability in the reduction and elimination of nuclear weapons arsenals and facilities.
IV. Integrating human rights in wastewater management and water pollution control
23. States parties should also guarantee to all arrested persons, whatever the racial, national or ethnic group to which they belong, enjoyment of the fundamental rights of the defence enshrined in the relevant international human rights instruments (especially the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), in particular the right not to be arbitrarily arrested or detained, the right to be informed of the reasons for their arrest, the right to the assistance of an interpreter, the right to the assistance of counsel, the right to be brought promptly before a judge or an authority empowered by the law to perform judicial functions, the right to consular protection guaranteed by article 36 of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and, in the case of refugees, the right to contact the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Now, if you'll just sign here, you can start work in 5 days. !
In both a national capacity and with regard to its outreach to partner countries, Israel places particular emphasis on the human person as the central subject of development and shares the belief that sustainable development is an important principle to ensure human well-being.
The Fourth Review Conference recognized that participation since the Third Review Conference had not been universal, and that not all responses had been prompt or complete.
8. Election of Chairmen and Vice-Chairmen of the Main Committees, the Drafting Committee and the Credentials Committee.
The event, organized by the Financing for Development Office, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, will be presided over by H.E. Mrs. Tiina Intelmann (Estonia), Chairperson of the Second Committee, and moderated by Mr. Jomo Kwame Sundaram, Assistant Secretary-General for Economic Development, Department of Economic and Social Affairs.
It now provides timely, professional advice on security-related matters, including through more thorough threat and risk assessment.
“(d) International and regional action. The United Nations International Drug Control Programme and other relevant international and regional organizations to participate in the creation of an international mechanism by facilitating networking and linkages between databases.”
(iv) In respect of commitments under this instrument other than QELRO commitments and the reporting obligations referred to in subparagraph (iii) above, an organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of such obligations and shall notify the Depositary of that apportionment of responsibility in their respective instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession.
- conditions for the voluntary termination of pregnancy.
 It met for the first time in Malta in April 1994; the second meeting took place at Antalya, Turkey, in November 1994; and a third meeting was held at Lund, Sweden, in June 1995.
Silly of me to carry on like that.
The boulevard appeared to be absolutely deserted.
The crimes in question would have had to be not of political or military nature, or simple tax evasion, and an equivalent crime would have to exist under Swiss law (dual criminality).
1. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 68/211, the Preparatory Committee for the Third World Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction held its first session from 14 to 15 July 2014 at the United Nations Office, Geneva.
Not for use with CVT or Ford Type F applications.
British deposit insurance does not prevent runs from banks in trouble.
People should be secure in their societies from prosecution based on their beliefs or their political stands.
8. The table below shows the contributions received between 1 January and 31 December 2011.
The Flemish, French and German-speaking communities of Belgium are equally bound by this signature.
58. HRW noted that schoolchildren were forced to help with the cotton harvest for two months a year, during which time they lived in filthy conditions, contracted illnesses, missed school, and worked daily from early morning until evening for little or no pay.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has allowed NHRIs to address the Committee during plenary on two occasions during the reporting period, while the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women received information from an NHRI for the first time during its thirty-third session, during a separate segment during its informal meeting with non-governmental institutions.
In 1999, lawyers throughout the country handled 1,364,000 lawsuits; in 2000, they participated in the defense of over 310,000 criminal cases, and provided legal assistance for criminal suspects at the criminal procedure and investigation stage in more than 170,000 cases.
Her delegation could not support funding for programmes which excluded some Member States of the Organization.
It's an elementary-level course for younger adult learners on hotel and catering courses or people training for a career in the hospitality sector.
Actions to be taken by the General Assembly
Military contingents
So these nephrologists - kidney specialists - concentrated on the fructose present a sweetener in processed foods and beverages.
(c) Misdemeanours are tried before the two misdemeanour courts (one-member and three-member);
Budapest University of Technology and Economics alumni
What is the main advantage of adding a reference to an object library?
An African woman is more than 200 times more likely than a woman in the United States to die in childbirth, and only half of all women in Africa have access to a skilled birth attendant.
This English-medium school will eventually provide education up to Standard 12; (c) In the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, BAPS held special Education Seminars to assist children and teenagers with a range of educational issues, including study skills and career placement; (d) In North America, BAPS has launched an Education Initiative to assist new migrants to the United States and Canada in assimilation to the existing educational framework with the goal of improving academic achievement and retention.
Sub-Saharan African countries grew at 3.3 per cent in 2000.
With regard to the issue of polygamy, he pointed out that polygamy was not condoned by the Koran nor by the Code of Personal Status.
103. The drafting of a national constitution over the coming months provides a historic opportunity for Iraqis to come together.
He has stopped working and leads a very easy life.24.
The utility of SWAps could be limited in emergency and fragile States, it was said.
With regard to collective rights, that is to say the right to development and the right to a healthy environment, transnational corporations, in cooperation with the international organizations of the United Nations system, regional organizations and States, should develop a framework for consensus—building on the full range of problems presented by development and the environment.
(d) To promote the renewal and expansion of basic formal education of good quality, which includes both early childhood care and education and primary education, using inclusive and innovative approaches, including regulations, to increase access and attendance for all;
Rabin was determined to manage the peace process and assigned to Peres a marginal role.
Request for the inclusion of an additional sub-item submitted by the Secretary-General
In some countries, you may be underage, but when adults drink wine, they feel relaxed.
Currently, 485 million people in Africa are affected by land degradation and desertification.
Others felt that the work should begin immediately, as time was needed to reflect on elements to be included in the declaration.
(iv) Promoting the development of social statistics to support inclusive and sustainable development.
The USS criticized the sanction provided for in the Federal Act of 30 March 1911 supplementing the Code of Obligations (Swiss Civil Code, Book Five: Code of Obligations (CO)) in the event of wrongful dismissal for anti-union reasons, stressing that the sanction was not a sufficient deterrent, and requested the reinstatement of the workers concerned.
The General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/55/ L.24/Rev.1 (resolution 55/17).
D. Remaining camps
That left David Lytle, Tim Chambers and me on board.
The State shall encourage agricultural economic collectives, enterprises and institutions, and other social forces to develop agro-technical education in the countryside.
(c) Requests exporting and importing parties to fully implement Article 12 of the Convention by sending export notifications and by acknowledging their receipt.
The observation made by the Special Rapporteur regarding that suggestion in paragraph 21 above also applies here.
Rapporteur: Mr. Noel González Segura (Mexico)
:: A special education system to ensure that disabled children receive high-quality education.
204. Irrespective of the above, the Security Council should impose an embargo on the sale or supply of military materiel to the Government of the Sudan, whether the materiel is for use in Darfur or not.
Objective: To Discussion the mechanism of injury, clinical appearance of craniocerebral injury combined with optic nerve injury.
10. Takes note with appreciation of the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, as the lead agency for the International Year for the Rapprochement of Cultures, to promote the action plan for the celebration of the Year, and of the support of Member States and all organizations and institutions, including civil society organizations, demonstrating their firm commitment to intercultural dialogue, including interreligious dialogue, in the celebration of the Year;
(j) Effective coordination of macroeconomic policies be carried out in multilateral forums;
And then, as introverts, we don't get together and share our experiences, so we assume we're all alone.
Export credit guarantees
3.19. Private-sector job creation in the industrial, agricultural and service sectors should be facilitated by national Governments through the creation of more favourable climates for expanded trade and investment.
Research and development;
"What debt is there to talk about?
The promotion of peace and human rights, the settling of armed conflicts, both within and among States, the protection of immigrants, the safeguarding of the environment, the battle against terrible diseases, the fight against drug and arms trafficking, money laundering and economic and political corruption are issues which no nation, regardless of how wealthy or powerful, can successfully address alone.
Keep active.Take regular exercise.
In this paper, classification, properties, uses and development in future of various blowing agents are introduced.
The soporific is ready! What a nasty smell! I can fill the washbowl now.
It is imperative to demonstrate the tangible impact of United Nations rule of law work on the people the Organization serves.
And the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons.
The United Nations must move from words to actions in order to stop the impunity on the part of the State of Israel, since that is the main obstacle to the pursuit of a just and comprehensive peace to the conflict in the Middle East.
19. Please provide information and data on the access to health services for women and girls from rural areas, minorities and women of non-Libyan nationalities, including migrant women, as well as on maternal mortality and morbidity rates for all women, including trends over time.
Programmes currently handled by UNOPS include the following features: mine detection and clearance; training of demining personnel; mine-awareness programmes; and rehabilitation programmes for victims of mine-related injuries.
515. The decision to establish the Centre resulted in the need to increase the capacity of the subprogramme to provide the institutional framework and strategy, undertake technical cooperation projects on technology transfer and promote regional cooperation and collaboration on key technology areas to foster synergy and complementarities at the regional level in the application of technology.
In 2004, the Special Rapporteur on violence against women stressed that the criminalization of abortion is discriminatory as the majority of cases involving illegal abortions brought before the courts involve poor and under-educated young women.
1855 establishments in Kentucky
The resulting budget was then stated in 2008-2009 terms, incorporating currency and inflationary factors, as well as salary and entitlement-related adjustments.
B. Donor base
 9. With regard to the scale of staff assessment for tax equalization purposes, the Commission noted that a substantial surplus of funds in the Tax Equalization Fund, indicated by the United Nations Secretariat, would require a decrease in the related staff assessment rates.
Keywords laryngeal mask airway;midsection surgical operation;outer putamen;
WHO says the spread of infectious diseases is due to growth of international air travel over the last 50 years.
AII we do is taIk about the kids, or teII stories we've heard over and over and over.
Since 2005, the material available has been used in a targeted way.
 72. The representatives of the regional commissions suggested that, in view of the excellent and fruitful cooperation they had enjoyed with INSTRAW, they would wish to maintain their present ex officio status in whatever new governance might be established for the new entity.
If any changes of the addresses occur, one party shall inform the other party of the change of address within ____days after the change.
I. Introduction
Adj. seeing little or no good in other people, believing that people do good things for bad reason
The utility model relates to an atomization humidifier suitable for humidifying air conditioning rooms or combined air conditioning rooms, workshops and local parts of workshops in textile industry.
There is a need to explain more precisely what the public services are doing, what their objectives are, and what policies they apply to reach them.
Western Saharac
In a growing number of post-conflict settings, UNFPA was engaged in joint assessments and transition frameworks, the re-establishment of basic services, policy dialogue in the security sector and in health sector reform, and working in integrated United Nations missions.
Proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2012-2013 (A/65/560 and Corr.1 and A/65/611)
Tuesday, 5 October 2010, from 10 a.m. to 12.15 p.m. and from 1.15 to 5 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB).
A very long very long time ago, there was a very ancient village, the villagers there were divided into two kinds, red eyes and blue eyes.
In their views on a shared vision for long-term cooperative action that will lead to the full, effective and sustained implementation of the Convention, Parties have integrated the challenge of limiting and adapting to climate change in the mainstream of their enduring aims of promoting sustainable development and eradicating poverty.
Don't uppercase my e - mail, because my e - mail is lower case.
But a black bikini, becauseshe still has to mourn.
The six-month package includes support for staffing, recruitment, equipment, assessment of public buildings and the planning process for national reconciliation activities.
The Republic of Korea Fair Trade Commission and the EC formally agreed to cooperate and increase convergence on competition policy and enforcement.
15. Encourages regional organizations to develop strategies for the wider distribution of materials on human rights education in all relevant languages and to maximize the participation of national entities in regional programmes on human rights education;
Zambia
99. Letter dated 5 April 2007 from the Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2007/186).
When faced with heavy extraordinary expenditure, they may also contract loans.
Help them learn from mistakes.
In the event that the party responsible for the violation is unable or unwilling to meet these obligations, the State should endeavour to provide assistance, including reparations as defined below, to victims who have sustained bodily injury or impairment of physical or mental health as a result of these violations and to the families, in particular, dependants of persons who have died or become physically or mentally incapacitated as a result of the violation.
On the issue of security, Morocco was particularly interested in the recommendations to be submitted to the Review Conference on negative assurances by the five nuclear-weapon States parties to non-nuclear States parties.
Distribute a copy to each member of your editing group at least one day before class.
This paper analyzes the cause of insoluble impurity in acid solution which exists in barium chromate.
F. Reducing the environmental impact of energy service provision
The dangers in such a scheme are clear.
It is for precisely this reason that the environment and climate change are on the agendas of various prominent international and regional organizations, institutes, forums and summits.
SCCPs were also found in butter samples from Denmark at 1.2 ug/kg and Ireland at 2.7 ug/kg.
ITC has issued a note explaining the policy and action plan that it developed in the field of internal corruption and fraud.
And what is this weird asset that is worth 73% of GDP?
M. Saif (United States of America)
3 September 1998
In one-way streets ( but not dual carriageways ) where vehicles can pass on either side.
On the second issue, OIOS believes that the Executive Committee should have the existing rate for single staff aligned with that prevailing for the same group of staff in the rest of the Secretariat.
the brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches.when you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling.
Address by Ms. Joke Waller-Hunter, Executive Secretary, United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
3. Before imposing or amending any conditions restricting liberty, the Pre-Trial Chamber shall seek the views of the Prosecutor, the person concerned, any relevant State and victims that have communicated with the Court in that case and whom the Chamber considers could be at risk as a result of a release or conditions imposed.
Ruling on 26.6.2006
11 E/CN.4/1999/4–E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/45 and E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/16.
Who is the current president of the International Olympic Committee?
For example, temporary disability benefits are 60100% of the average monthly wage (article 217 of the Labour Code). Benefits for pregnancy and childbirth amount to the full monthly wage for the entire period of maternity leave given to the woman (article 218 of the Labour Code). Family allowances to workers (a one-time allowance for the birth of a child, monthly benefits for child care until the child reaches the age of one and a half) are paid in the manner, under the conditions and in the amount stipulated by law (article 219 of the Labour Code); the burial benefit is 20 times the minimum monthly wage (article 220 of the Labour Code); unemployment benefits, the rules for computing them, and their payment are also determined by Republic of Tajikistan law.
Capacity-building for participation in multilateral trading system
1116 Catriona
    The Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department (AFCD) said today (January 29) that a dead Oriental Magpie Robin found in Sha Tau Kok was confirmed to be H5N1 positive after a series of laboratory tests.
Even if you simply have a few moments while they run off, it's important to be alone too.
2. Extraordinary sessions may be convoked by the President, as required by the caseload.
"The Security Council recognizes that significant progress has been made in implementation of resolution 1308 (2000) but that many challenges remain.
The quesion is beyond my power
89. There is no planned reduction to the $23 million budget, and the Administration accepted the Board's previous recommendation that the available budget be more closely aligned with the implementation strategy.
Are your arms long MARTIN: They're not very long.
But there are limits to this strategy, in as much as margins on undifferentiated production have proved low.
To protect your applications, you should thoroughly understand code security issues by researching the subject.
The second chapter presents a brief review of investment theory, agricultural investment theory, content and characteristics of investment in agriculture and agricultural investment experience.
In addition, the family identity cards issued by the National Database Registration Authority (NADRA) could now identify a woman as the head of household; previously, only men were identified in that capacity.
Once the soaps salts melt, a gray white substance is left , this. This is powder ash | potash.
In contrast with analytical well testing, the method has few of hypothetical conditions and abroad descriptions.
We are stricken by no plague of locusts.
However, countries with smaller populations than India and the Philippines may suffer from a larger impact in terms of expatriation rates.
This compared with only 63 per cent in March and 48 per cent in September.
In that connection, Australia and Japan had submitted a working paper (NPT/CONF.2010/WP.9) which contained a new package of practical nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation measures for the 2010 Review Conference.
He hit the nail into the wall with hammer.
Yet Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac still face a conflict between serving a public interest and a private one.
Chair: Mr. Yohanna (Vice-Chair) (Nigeria)
what gave you the right?
 A number of attempts to cash fraudulent and counterfeit cheques, with face values totalling $2,749,900 and 15,222, have been stopped by the banks.
Right of reply
Regulation 1.02
I know it.鈥?
A United Nations assessment mission had revealed high rates of food insecurity and malnutrition among the displaced, as well as an urgent need for shelter and health services in advance of the impending rainy season.
The Secretary made a correction to the text.
4. In the context of the overall orientation of the programme, concern was expressed about the excessive use of the term "development" in paragraph 10.1.
In that regard, the Conference called upon States parties and signatory States to submit proposals to the Working Group for the terms of reference, for its consideration.
The role of these "tinies" or "babies" is to back up the gang leaders and give their respective " crews " strength in numbers.
Ask a co - worker for a favor, expect a good response: September 11.
I become a transparent eye ball . I am nothing . I see all.
Anniversary this year. To commemorate the occasion, the Observatory will be open to the public on 15 and 16 March 2008. You are cordially invited to come and see our work, to chat with professional meteorologists, and to experience how it feels to be a TV weather presenter.
The conclusions sent to his family are not only incomplete but also incongruous, since, according to the letter from the Observatory dated 12 May 1996, an arrest warrant had supposedly been issued for Nour-Eddine Mihoubi when at the time he had already been in the security forces' custody for two months.
Every telephone conversation will be recorded and transcribed.
Human Rights Council
Fauna and flora evidence from the same era suggested both sides of the Mediterranean were by no means isolated.
The police are after him
Instead it focuses specifically on its integration capabilities, introducing the various services and technologies that support communication with operational systems.
The meeting confirmed the assessment given in the Commission's October 1997 report and determined that no full disclosure on the subject of VX had been made by Iraq and that further verification was required.
Our teacher is pointing at the map on the wall.
Many thanks to Professor Liu's wonderful presentation! Great edification!
Because of the volcanic eruption in Iceland, our airline cancelled our flights and we had no choice in the matter.
4.4 The State party goes on to say that legislative elections were held on 14 October 2007 and that, according to several independent sources, the electoral process was on the whole satisfactory.
And through the grace of God and her own piety her chopped-off hands grew back.
Convert character width/data
However, more emphasis on HIV by partners is still needed in emergencies.
Vaccines that contain thiomersal include those against diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis (DTP), hepatitis B, Haemophilus influenzae type b (Hib), rabies, influenza and meningococcal diseases.
Ms. Flavia Lattanzi (Italy)
b Comprising the Peace Implementation Programme, the Lebanon Appeal, the European Gaza Hospital, the move of Agency headquarters to the area of operations, the income generation programme, capital and special projects, and the expanded programme of assistance.
Housing land (tiesa)
It is impossible to calculate the time - frame. Because the magnets can behave unpredictably.
(d) International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ratified on 27 December 1990);
Opinions adopted by the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention at its sixty-eighth session (13 - 22 November 2013)
Returning internally displaced persons have reported harassment, including forced taxation and sexual abuse, while trying to cross from the north to the south.
Abbreviations
Chamber Support Section
31. Application of the "no regression" principle. The modalities for engagement of major groups and other stakeholders with the high-level political forum should not regress with respect to either current formal and informal practices at the Commission on Sustainable Development or internationally agreed principles and rights.
Mrs Rumbold was a large, unsmiling lady in a tight black dress.
Antoine Griezmann
I don't know _whether(if)_ _anyone_ can teach me how to make tofu time.
4. Other business
The purpose/goal/objective/function/aim/intantion of sth is to do sth.. able to do sth ability to do ; enable to do decide to do sth decision to do be ambitions to do sth ambition to do sth try to do sth make great effort to do st
E/ESCAP/67/6
Rent out the patio area at a local restaurant or country club, bring some tunes, and jazz-up the setting with a few decorations.
Belgrade should soon come forward with a clear signal in that regard.
5. Annex I to the report (A/65/329) contained observations, comments and recommendations on the effectiveness, efficiency and impact of OIOS activities.
Proposed for the biennium 2014-2015
This is the maximum quantity we can supply at present. This is the minimum quantity we require.
5.3 Counsel further notes that the body of the executed prisoner is transferred at night-time to one of the Minsk cemeteries and buried there by soldiers, without leaving any recognizable sign of name of the prisoner nor the exact location of his burial site.
Proposals made to the Organization of American States (OAS) were also mentioned in order to inform and assist future deliberations of the Working Group.
 Intolerance, inequalities of all kinds and violations of fundamental rights still endanger the lives, the freedom and the safety of millions of human beings.
Family Planning
(c) UNHCR: Executive Committee of the High Commissioner's Programme:
Facilities and infrastructure
Eustacis felt little less extravagant about the place than they did.
Its mandate derives from Articles 1, 13, 55 and 62 of the Charter of the United Nations; the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights and subsequently endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 48/121; the mandate of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights as defined in resolution 48/141; international human rights instruments adopted by the United Nations, including the Declaration on the Right to Development; and the resolutions and decisions of policy-making bodies, in particular General Assembly resolutions 55/2 on the United Nations Millennium Declaration and 56/95 on the follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit, as well as from the proposals of the Secretary-General for strengthening of the United Nations (A/57/387 and Corr.1) and General Assembly resolution 57/300.
(c) Workshop on Youth, Violence, and Conflict Resolution in Southern Africa, organized by the International Union of Psychological Science;
In Europe, this has become particularly pronounced, because banks are unable to pass negative interest rates on to depositors.
Please note that anything considered a cash advance on a credit card will incur interest from the day the transaction occurred.
They'll leave you wiser, stronger, and more capable than you were the day before.
29. In its contribution, HRW concluded that human rights defenders and dissidents are subject to heavy surveillance, arbitrary travel bans, dismissal from work, interruption in phone service, physical assaults, harassment of relatives, suspicious acts of vandalism and theft, and slander campaigns in the press.
Contents
Both effects, which are equal in amount, must be entered completely in the bookkeeping records.
45. Those facts raised some doubt about the fate of the peace process and its fundamental principle, “land for peace”.
According to the Buddha, one of the best ways to cultivate and appreciate joy is to live a virtuous life.
David, just forget about it.
In its previous concluding observations, the Committee expressed concern that sexual exploitation of women and girls was increasing (A/57/38, para. 145).
Goal 1, Target 1B 5. The Yong San Women's Workforce Education Centre provides career initiating programmes to encourage entrepreneurship and career advancement for women; with the support of the Ministry of Labour, the Gender Equality in Employment Counselling Office provides legal advice by phone, Internet, mail and personal visit; with the support of the Ministry of Labour, the Women's Career Initiating Programme contributed in creating jobs for women through the Workforce Education Green project.
The female condom was also introduced in 2000 to empower women in negotiating for safer sex.
National Consumer Advisory Council funding
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to the representative of Peru.
He is a jolly good man.
11. Compared with the biennium ended 31 December 2009, the Centre's regular budget expenditure overall increased by $10.1 million to $72.1 million, owing mainly to the higher costs of the approved posts, establishment of new posts, inflation and exchange rate fluctuations.
The cash flow can offer more valuable information for finicial administration of enterprise.
22. Finally, Malaysia felt that there was a need to review or update some of the provisions of the statute of the Tribunal to bring them into line with current realities.
The rise and subsidence of different points of the Earth is not restricted to the exact locations of the plate boundary.
Such matters were meant to remain confidential until they were made public by consent of the Government in question or upon the recommendation of the Human Rights Council itself.
The list of Chinese Diplomatic and Consular Missions is shown below:
And he might go have a look to see if there's a bowling alley around.
Recalling also its resolution 63/186 of 18 December 2008, as well as relevant resolutions adopted by the Human Rights Council, including resolution 10/10 of 26 March 2009, in which the Council took note of the report of the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances and its recommendations,
"Sino-Tibetan Linguistics:Present State and Future Prospects"
Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled.
It can be very cold in Scotland.
Expenditure for civilian personnel costs was $129,827,000 as at 31 December 2000.
E
The workers are bottling the milk that we drink.
* Previously issued under the symbol A/57/453.
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace, entering over the sea west of Sidon.
He indicated that it had benefited from a thorough assessment of the previous programme and sectoral assessments of United Nations specialized agencies.
There's a place on the mesa.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
this edifice which I have been so long preparing, which I have reared with so much care and toil, is to be crushed by a single touch, a word, a breath!
:: Prevalence of female genital mutilation/cutting.
A. Diplomatic protection through non-judicial means
South Korea roster 2015 WBSC Premier12
3. I'd appreciate it if we didn't stay too long.
The G-8’s Broken Aid Promises
As for your third question, it is on the precondition of fulfilling its international obligations that China conducts its cooperation with Pakistan for peaceful use of nuclear energy.
The minimum legal age defined by the national legislation for the following:
Then one morning, an ambulance pulled up to the mustard-yellow house.
Passins
I didn't have the commercial price for the chickenpox vaccine called Varivax but you can imagine that it's even more than $50 a dose for that one.
This chick's a mercenary.
A. Company-level 91 - 95 18
Staff members who upon retirement have participated in a United Nations contributory plan for at least 5 years are also eligible, provided that they pay the full premium for the period for which their participation falls short of the 10-year requirement for subsidized participation.
Biographical information is provided below.
Nevertheless, the British maintained a fairly effective naval blockade of Americ an ports, especially during the first two years of the war.
7. Conclusions
Download details: Windows 2000 Patch: Request to SmartHTML Interpreter Could Monopolize Web Server CPU Resources
Like Christian fundamentalists, they see themselves as preparing for – and helping to bring about – the apocalypse.
Of these, the most important is that of a variable, which is easiest to think of as a placeholder for some piece of data whose value is unknown when the program is written.
The United Nations joint sub-offices facilitated the transition from a humanitarian phase towards a more recovery/development agenda.
Any search for extraterrestrial life relies on Earth-based assumptions, and those the researchers made are at least sound, she said.
The President (spoke in French): The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 68.
For years the hospitable blackwell prison had been his winter refuge.
28F.25 During the biennium 2008-2009, the following outputs will be delivered: administrative support services (regular budget and extrabudgetary):
But should be regarded as a different matter to flow into the place or cloudy day to change in the river, but master flexibly.
2. For its further consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
The SPT recommends that individual files should be opened for every detainee upon arrival at police detention centres and be updated systematically and comprehensively after every medical examination or intervention and that clear instructions are established for the doctors on how to document and to report possible cases of torture or ill-treatment.
TARIFFThere is a very high tariff on imported jewelry
Monar Jonban
In 2009, OHCHR deployed seven rapid response missions: (i) temporary support to the OHCHR office in the Occupied Palestinian Territory; (ii) support to the establishment of the United Nations Fact-Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict; (iii) human rights assessment mission to Honduras; (iv) monitoring of human rights violations related to elections in Gabon; (v) to Madagascar, to strengthen national human rights protection and promotion capacities following political unrest; (vi) the International Commission of Inquiry for Guinea at the request of the Secretary-General; and (vii) Iraq in support to the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI).
They entrusted Francisco Antonio Chávez Abarca with organizing and carrying them out; Chávez Abarca was the one who hired the now-detained defendants, who supplied them with the means and who instructed them on how to use the means and materials that were seized from them.
The new approach taken by UNFPA to technical assistance also places greater emphasis on inter-agency cooperation and partnership-building.
Dep Secy for Transp   Housing (Transp)5
The contrast between the war front and the back area is always startling.
The claim is for interest paid to banks on an original loan of USD 12.6 million.
As described in paragraph 66 above, it is important that this planning be informed by a comprehensive situational assessment, including an institutional and legislative gap analysis, so that critical remaining needs in the security sector may be addressed.
83. He hoped that in future the Special Rapporteur would desist from such biased and fallacious reporting.
Department of Political Affairs
D.2.2 The report should explain:
Fan Po-wen blushed more furiously than ever and Wu Chih-Sheng roared with laughter.
23. Strengthening national child protection systems as a whole helps to avoid the duplication that often occurs with purely vertical programmes developed in isolation for specific categories of children.
Ethiopia
Various anti - corrosion methods have been tried or are now available.
Javan munia
The occupation of Afghanistan, the invasion of Iraq and the threats against the Islamic Republic of Iran by the United States of America, and particularly that country's new "National Strategy to Combat Weapons of Mass Destruction", which for the first time envisages the use of nuclear weapons to respond to an enemy attack with conventional weapons, not only hinder the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East, but also jeopardize the zones already established and affect the credibility of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
Other migrants portray themselves as refugees to overcome immigration barriers. The result is a blurring of the distinction between refugees and other migrants, and a stigmatization of refugees as people trying to break the law.
Please get in.
: In the March 12 speech, FDR made it clear why ordinary people should support his legislation.
The acrobats stacked themselves up with amazing agility.
Those arbitrary Israeli practices contravene the Geneva Conventions and all international humanitarian instruments and norms.
drama queen M: Do you remember my friend, Angela, who called me crying because she couldn't find her math book
(Agenda item 1)
6. On 11 July President Sleiman issued a decree forming the seventieth Lebanese Cabinet.
They have to be better off inside than they would be outside.
52/194 Role of microcredit in the eradication of poverty (subprogrammes 2 and 4)
 Noting also that the Territory continues to experience a shortage of qualified medical personnel,
In paragraph 10 of its resolution 58/4, the Commission requested the Executive Secretary to strengthen, subject to available financial resources:
57. The Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries is a member of the Guinea-Bissau Configuration of the Peacebuilding Commission.
We have 45 centres for the prevention of mother-to-child transmission, but they cover only 11 per cent of Togo's target population.
The advances in incorporating gender into the process of regularization are revealed in two ways: in the legal sphere and in the increase in women's access to ownership.
New infections in 2006 suggest an increasing HIV incidence among men who have sex with men, who represent the largest affected population group, followed by injecting drug users and immigrants from high prevalence regions.
Noting the improvement in the security situation in Côte d'Ivoire while remaining concerned about its continued fragility, in particular along the border with Liberia,
III. Achievements, best practices, challenges and constraints
All five regional commissions have work programmes related to human settlements with the corresponding intergovernmental bodies, and have played an important part in reviewing the progress of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda for Istanbul +5.
Just as history has shown that species which fail to adapt die out businesses will die out if they don't get to grips with the Internet.
Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women
The in-depth survey of the grounds for expulsion that he had carried out in the sixth report showed that it would be unwise to reduce all the grounds for expulsion to those two.
In April 2000, the proportion of women teachers stood at 95.3 per cent in kindergartens, 92.4 per cent in the primary stage, 82.7 per cent in the intermediate stage and 61.7 per cent in the secondary stage.
Třinec
Following the Annapolis Conference, his comments are of even greater relevance:
121. In addition to legislation, there is a range of institutions entrusted with the promotion and guarantee of these rights.
Persistent Organic Pollutants Review Committee
C6F14
In accordance with article III of the Agreement, the Agency submits to the Assembly an annual report on its work.
CO/Harbour Area Treatment Scheme
Multilateral treaty Signatures Referring a specific dispute to the Court through a special agreement
CATEGORY II - ITEM 15
Supplementary records are maintained to manage non-expendable property valued therein at the United States dollar equivalent calculated at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of purchase.
Because the color and shape of certain greens is similar to money, many consume vegetables like kale, chard, and cabbage in the hopes of a wealthier new year.
These projects inevitably affect indigenous peoples by reducing their traditional management systems, sacred places, pastures and hunting and fishing grounds, thereby undermining their economic, cultural and spiritual life and threatening their very existence.
The other members agreed with the views of the Rapporteur and accordingly the Institut adopted a resolution which, under article 2, provides that: "In criminal matters, the Head of State shall enjoy immunity from jurisdiction before the courts of a foreign State for any crime he or she may have committed, regardless of its gravity".
During these events, it was women who led the response and recovery efforts in the provinces of Pinar del Río, Las Tunas and the special municipality of Isla de la Juventud.
An innovative policy, strategy, programme, process or practice that has a demonstrated positive impact upon performance, is currently being used by at least one major employer and is relevant and applicable to others.
If you're going to make a lot of films about a particular group of animals, you might as well pick one that's fairly common.
I can believe him, but I cannot believe in him.
The buyer in that factory bought single offset quarter bends.
You look as if you've had a long day!
Pansy Ho also runs Shun Tak Holdings Ltd. , the transportation and real-estate company her father founded.
The commentary to article 24 indicated that the "provisional" application of the treaty would terminate upon the treaty being duly ratified or approved in accordance with the terms of the treaty.
Representatives of the organization, with its extensive network of more than 3,000 institutions in 80 countries, establish community centres and institutions in their locale and address its specific comprehensive needs while providing opportunities for sustainable development, better quality of life and the necessary resources for society-building.
For more information, see How to: Define a Model with Horizontal Partition in Storage Model.
Definition 12. The Committee notes with concern that the definition of torture in article 2 (a) of the Compensation Relating to Torture Act of 1996, the lack of a legal provision in current domestic law to make torture a criminal offence and the draft Criminal Code are not in line with the definition of article 1 of the Convention against Torture (articles 1 and 4 of the Convention).
“It therefore condemns the use of mercenaries and associates it with the violation of human rights, especially the right of peoples to self-determination”.
Republic
Sanya's beach culture originated at Dadonghai, a congested strip of sand near the city center.
224. The State also considers it a challenge to create information-processing mechanisms to produce continuing data on the state of health of indigenous, Afro-descendant and Montubio women and as tools for assessing and monitoring the health system to ensure quality, rights-based care.
Attempt is similarly criminalized with penalties proportionate to the person's role in the offence.
The clown Dimmler and the old lady Nikolay opened the dance.
Despite significant improvements in the operating environment over the last 12 months, the delivery of adequate humanitarian assistance has been limited by a shortage of funding.
The input received from both the honorary committee and the programme committee, as well as the direct participation of members of those committees in the Symposium, ensured that the aims of the Symposium were achieved.
6 December
United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation general purpose resources
Residents returned to Galveston , on the Texas coast, and saw for themselves the devastation wreaked by Hurricane Ike.
Please also provide information on cases where the Convention has been invoked before national courts.
16. The Committee for Development Policy proposes that the Economic and Social Council consider that:
- In Abidjan between 6 and 11 November: 574 were reported wounded and 22 dead among which, one gendarme;
The occupying Power could not continue to levy taxes illegally, maintain checkpoints, imprison thousands of people and restrict their movement, prevent Palestinians from praying in Jerusalem and build and expand settlements, while confiscating even more land through the construction of an illegal wall.
(2) Inclination: 34.9 degrees 34.9 degrees
The social circumstances in Liechtenstein and neighboring Switzerland are similar, so that this reference is justified.
Within the primary programme:
Travel
As at 31 July 1998, with new contributions, a total amount of $70,129 was available, not including a contribution made by the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission and before deducting programme support costs and the operating cash reserve.
Introduction
Practical jokes
In September 2003, the Secretary-General announced the formation of the High-level Panel on Threats, Challenges and Change.
Sometimes, when you're dreading saying something, you just want to blurt it out and get it over with -- but by waiting, you might get a better result. (See #8 on this, too.)
391. The Office identified specific risk areas by carrying out a risk management review when compiling the audit workplan.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Monday, 21 November 2005, at 10 a.m.
66. In a continuing effort to obtain reimbursement of the outstanding $630,000 advance, OCHA has been in close contact with UNDP and members of the United Nations Country Team in Ethiopia.
In another bet on a housing turnaround, Mr. Lampert this spring increased his stake in home-improvement retailer Home Depot Inc. ESL holds about 22.7 million shares valued at $590 million, up from 16.7 million shares last year.
(r) Align the organizational directives relating to the Advisory Committee on Internal Oversight with best practice;
(iii) Press releases, press conferences: announcements of major publications as well as special events such as seminars;
Recalling its resolutions 181 (II) of 29 November 1947, 194 (III) of 11 December 1948, 3236 (XXIX) of 22 November 1974, 3375 (XXX) and 3376 (XXX) of 10 November 1975, 31/20 of 24 November 1976 and all subsequent relevant resolutions, including those adopted by the General Assembly at its emergency special sessions and resolution 56/33 of 3 December 2001,
The General Assembly thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 51.
34. Mabrouk Djouaidia was reportedly arrested on 8 March 1997 by the gendarmerie brigade of Quallel near Souk-Ahras.
Funding was also made available for four community-led human rights training workshops.
Extensive reporting on television has helped to  interest in a wide variety of sports and activities.
It is proved that complex demolish network, relay bind - up network and parallel initiating network are reliable.
121. The last two years have seen an increase in the percentage of women holding senior positions in international agencies.
Local autonomous bodies in Japan have also established head offices to follow the national action plan.
Report of the Secretary-General
S-3604
There is such a positive energy in the song and lyric that I connect with completely.
E/1990/5/Add.8
Next, the resident lacks the sports idea in the urbanization advancement, strengthened the countryside elementary and middle schools sports implementation difficulty.
Triggers have a mixed record (see table and our economics focus this week).
The implementation of such activities should be possible, given the necessary infrastructures for the development process.
And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons.
Anticipating
B OK.It might even be quicker than to take a taxi, especially in rush hours.
"(b) To the General Assembly at its sixty-seventh session a report with information provided by States on their follow-up activities to implement the present resolution;
Coordination within the United Nations system and institutional support
That interpretation has been reaffirmed through San Marino case law;
Anyone who carries blade weapons in this category commits the offence of carrying offensive blade weapons.
I therefore urge all States parties to the Biological Weapons Convention to submit their annual declarations of confidence-building measures.
Preparation of the "Environmental Education Kit on Desertification" in collaboration with UNESCO;
4 January 1999
At least 30 Palestinians were killed and more than 200 others were wounded during this invasion into Gaza City.
7. Ministry of Employment and Labour, Equal Opportunities Branch, Egalité entre hommes et femmes, basic documentation, 1997 edition.
Indeed, despite their resilience over the years, the Palestinian people are rapidly losing hope in the peace process and its prospects for delivering them from the prolonged state of conflict, suffering and dispossession imposed upon them and for restoring their rights and freedom.
30. The Assisting Communities Together (ACT) project is a joint initiative of OHCHR and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in support of grass-roots human rights education initiatives in selected countries.
Third progress report
My country, always wrong -- Student Slogan .
We'd like to know what you can offer as well as your sales conditions.
In the interim, our joint view remains that the African Union still has a comparative advantage over the United Nations as a provider of military support to the Somali National Security Forces, while combat operations continue.
For example, UNDP and UNFPA could improve disclosure relating to investments, while UNFPA could enhance schedule 4 to its financial statements by including information for other resources and not just regular resources.
30. UNDP has requested a feasibility study of alternatives for improving accessibility to UNDP facilities.
In the wake of the problems with the oil-for-food programme, the only responsible thing to do was to investigate all allegations of wrongdoing and corruption, particularly since an independent investigatory and audit body had found significant indicators of widespread corruption.
S/2002/1368 Draft resolution [A C E F R S]
We've done some testing here last week and it went pretty well.
www.un.org/disarmament/ United Nations Treaty Collection
15. The participants underlined the importance of the engagement of other entities participating in the Support Group and the need to maintain the active participation of current members.
175. We commit to observe the need to ensure access to fisheries and the importance of access to markets, by subsistence, small-scale and artisanal fisherfolk and women fish workers, as well as indigenous peoples and their communities, particularly in developing countries, especially small island developing States.
(It was suggested to delete all subtitles)
Reasons shall be given for the significant variance between estimate in the current period and estimate in the prior period.
Supplementary resources
We must pardon the young man his little faults.
Implementation rates (percentage)
1581. The Ontario Sound Recording Tax Credit, introduced in 1998, is for small domestic recording companies.
A/66/PV.117
Motivated by the wish to make its contribution to peace and security initiatives in the Mediterranean region, my delegation considers it an honour and a pleasure this year once again to submit for consideration by the First Committee a draft resolution on strengthening security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region.
The proposals to reduce the ceiling to 22 per cent implied a discount for one Member State, which would thus enjoy a reduction of between 17 per cent and 34 per cent, with a concomitant increase in the assessments of other States.
You do not need to calibrate the Voltage Sensor or Power Amplifier.
All these cost will be on nation's account
Another area of focus was women's participation in public life, for which purpose it had offered several courses designed to provide women with tools to enable them to take an active role in political bodies, in businesses and in other spheres.
42. In my supplementary report, in addition to my recommendations regarding improvements to the content and presentation of the distribution plan as well as the directives given to the Office of the Iraq Programme, I had made a number of recommendations to the Security Council Committee as well as to the Council with a view to improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the procedures for the implementation of the programme (S/1998/90, paras. 49-60).
2. Restoring sustainable growth to the world economy was the collective responsibility of the international community.
I don't believe that it will be possible to put young Cowperwood on his feet after this.
Death and disability compensation
The Chamber of Senators discussed it on 14 May but did not vote on it, and went into recess until 21 May 2008.
They recognized the work of UNFPA in addressing child marriage.
A beholder with this feat can narrow its anti magic cone down to an eye ray that disjoins magic.
See Council resolution 2003/18.
That in turn means that we must all count on the understanding, cooperation and perseverance of each participant in the process.
Steven Tyler from Aerosmith. 4456 Malibu Canyon Road.
The sea is beating its drums in joy, the flowers are a-tiptoe to kiss you. For heaven is born in you, in the arms of the mother-dust.
55. It was of particular concern that the decision taken by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/183 of 18 December 1997 to staff and equip adequately the Office of the Special Coordinator so as to allow it to implement effectively its mandate to support the landlocked developing countries remained unfulfilled.
232. Issues were raised concerning subprogramme 3, Ecosystem management, and the reference to the Convention on Biological Diversity in paragraph 11.20 (c) of the strategy.
Those problems required greater political commitment at every level in order to increase resources and strengthen policies for gender equality and the empowerment of women.
When he died he left behind a considerable legacy.
These speeches provided inspiration to the participants in the discussions.
Skepticism
Whenever Shoun went to a meditation hall he always took his mother with him.
The political, administrative and economic rift continued to deepen between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Significant investments were made, although in some organizations, important planned measures were postponed or suspended due to budgetary constraints.
Which asset class might turn into the next bubble?
Racism and xenophobia are issues with which we are still grappling.
Marie, upset, takes Nutcracker away and bandages him with a ribbon from her dress.
(d) Implementation of the provisions of the Treaty relating to the inalienable right of all parties to the Treaty to develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with articles I and II:
Schedules 1 and 2 of the report of the Secretary-General provide a breakdown of the projected expenditures for 2010-2011 by budget section, category of expenditure and main determining factor (rate of exchange, inflation, unforeseen and extraordinary expenses and decisions of policymaking organs, post incumbency and other changes).
6. Provisional agenda and dates for the fortieth session of the Commission.
Acknowledge their points in the conversation, people love and need to validated.
The Danish government says it will ask US states that carry out lethal injections to stop using a drug produced in the US by a Danish company.
If it comes as a surprise - that management insights come from real life and vice versa - then you really need to listen up.
The Senior Mission Administrative and Resource Training (SMART) and Member State-related training remain a high priority (e.g., protection of civilians)
Viewing of documents above requires Adobe? Reader which can be downloaded at
At the same time, the children who had been manipulated by adults to commit atrocities should be treated humanely.
Night
The Acting President: Before proceeding further, I would like to consult Member States about inviting the Mr. Rex Nettleford, Professor and Vice-Chancellor Emeritus of the University of the West Indies, Jamaica, to make a statement for this occasion.
The CD was a gratifying experience to me, both personally and professionally.
But aren't you a success!
The mandate and membership of the Working Group will be determined at the next session.
As requested in the same resolution, the report also describes activities under way to promote information exchange, research and the dissemination of successful practices and advisory services in public administration, and to support e-government initiatives in the African, Asian, Central American and Caribbean regions as a tool for development. I. Introduction
His Government stood ready to negotiate with interested parties on mechanisms that could guarantee the nondiversion of its peaceful activities in the future.
The initial set-up size of the funds vary from 0.5 million USD to several hundreds of million USD.
20. Mr. Prieto (Venezuela) said that the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer, which his country had signed, should form the basis for the Committee’s deliberations.
Note by the secretariat
In addition, the Committee notes that the Security Section in MINUSTAH is currently placed under the pillar of the Principal Deputy Special Representative.
Export growth was often very fast, as in the Philippines, Mexico, and to some extent Morocco.
Service desk requests (annual)
She agreed that the budgeting process could be further streamlined and that it was important to address in mission budgets the need for a gender-sensitive approach.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
Solar - electric energy for powering this SOS call box by the side of super -  highway  GZ 65 near Kunming.
 The first and foremost need is that of prevention the elimination of anti-personnel land-mines through a complete ban worldwide.
Subjected to numerous and heavy taxes, they could never aspire to political office.
There is much that will be unpleasing to the English readers.
The GM develops a strategy to operationalize its complementary role to the GEF.
The race expected to take about five days
CONSEILLERS
47. In January 2010, WFP signed a memorandum of understanding with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development for countries in the Horn of Africa, which account for 40 per cent of WFP global deliveries in tonnage terms.
Each State Party to the Treaty that launches or procures the launching of an object into outer space, including the Moon and other celestial bodies, and each State Party from whose territory or facility an object is launched, is internationally liable for damage to another State Party to the Treaty or to its natural or juridical persons by such object or its component parts on the Earth, in air space or in outer space, including the Moon and other celestial bodies.
The Committee notes that article 23, paragraph 2, of the Covenant expressly addresses the issue of the right to marry.
Only with such integrated strategies can policymakers offer the level of policy coherence needed not just to maximize the effectiveness of each policy, but also to instill confidence in the private sector to do its part.
Country and multi-country offices would manage country programmes and have delegated authority to conduct lower-value transactions and enter into agreements to a higher extent than previously afforded to them.
(CEDAW/C/TTO/1-3)
18. Revise legislative provisions that are discriminatory on the basis of sex, religion, political opinion or sexual orientation (Luxembourg);
It praised Rwanda for its cooperation with the international community, including Rwanda's withdrawal of all reservations to international human rights treaties, and the submission of reports due to the treaty bodies.
Memphis May Fire
Paragraph 220 of the Accra Accord and Board decisions mentioned above all recommend that a more structured interaction be carried out between the secretariat, potential beneficiaries and donors, within the framework of the Working Party, which is the main mechanism for consultations among member States on all issues regarding technical cooperation.
He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.
In Japan, educators established the Japan OpenCourseWare Consortium, which initially translated MIT material but now focuses on Japanese courses, says Yoshimi Fukuhara, secretary-general of the consortium.
There's fine dining - you can get smoked halibut and quails'eggs with caviar in the Gallery.
National staff: decrease of 12 posts (abolishment of 6 national General Service posts and redeployment to field offices of 6 national General Service posts)
The furniture is of little worth.
Never underestimate a simple word. Even  can make a big difference
Support for AMIB and JCC was also strongly requested by the transitional authorities.
391. The full implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women must be a priority for the accelerated implementation of the Platform for Action and the post-2015 development agenda.
I don't know some kind of infestation.
And theyve knocked a wall down so the drawing room and the living room have become one big modern plastic kind of room.
With regard to national plans and policies, the Government Plan for the Restoration of Stability and Protection of Civilians in Darfur (August 2006) is based on the DPA and the timeline established for its implementation.
The Report of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations (Brahimi report Report) had already referred, inter alia, to this issue; this the present report only reconfirms and highlights the fact that five years have passed and the issue is yet to be resolved.
136.68. Intensify efforts to prevent and tackle any act aimed at reducing or impeding the full enjoyment of the freedom of religion for any individual (Italy);
Family types also reflect sexual and reproductive behaviour patterns among the population.
Ms. Asena Raiwalui - Principal Asst. Secretary, Ministry of Indigenous Affairs
The man thanked the peddler and walked away towards the hill and eventually disappeared out of sight.
 181. Several delegations questioned the definition of strategic administration in subprogramme 17.6 and its distinction from the concepts of public administration and governance.
(a) To continue to collect, prepare and disseminate, particularly to the Territories, basic material on the issue of self-determination of the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Will the governmental statistics need soft data statistics? What are the main demands?
Rule 104.7
International Trade Documentation; selective bibliography of published market research; world directory of trade promotion organizations and other foreign trade bodies; International demand and national trade performance: an assessment of developing countries, economies in transition and developed market economies; international trade statistics PC-TAS on CD-ROM; annotated spice statistics;
What politician doesn't these days profess  concern about the sharp elbows of American capitalism?
(a) Analogies and parallels with other types of "incitement" (part I);
Paragraph 2, meanwhile, simply reflected a general rule in respect of documents of title and confirmed that the rule applied to bills of lading, too.
As the Commission decides on its own priority themes for future sessions it may also wish to consider how it can contribute to the Annual Ministerial Reviews.
3. Human settlements: $1,015,900
- External reviews of the oversight services.
I. Selection and appointment of mandate holders
I hope you get a black eye fighting for something you believe in.
 This proposal was supported at the Sofia Conference.
He called on the nuclear-weapon States to fulfil the unequivocal commitments that they had made at the 2000 Review Conference to begin eliminating their arsenals and hoped that they would honour their promise by speeding up negotiations on the 13 practical steps agreed upon in 2000.
Noting the contribution that South-South cooperation can make in the area of biological diversity,
China also encourages viable Chinese enterprises to invest and do business abroad and to take an active part in international competition and cooperation. Moreover, China's overseas investment has been concentrated mainly in APEC regions
However, the lack of synchronization between the MYFF cycle and country programme cycles has complicated reporting on trends over 2000-2003.
June 1986-May 1992 Diplomatic Staff at Ugandan Mission to the United Nations at Headquarters, New York
The caterpillar began to run about in circles and then flopped over on its back.
Similarly, while Mauritanian women could pass citizenship to their husbands, the procedure was different than that for women married to Mauritanian men.
Taken in combination, the old and new ways to conduct information warfare can be the dominant feature of future military conflict.
An Israeli enemy warplane violated Lebanese airspace. It circled over the South before leaving at 1310 hours.
Anadyrsky District
The Convention obliges States parties to enhance their cooperation at various levels with developing countries, with a view to strengthening the capacity of the latter to prevent and combat corruption.
The mission will discuss with the parties, including during a meeting with the Political Committee, concrete ways to advance the peace process on the two above-mentioned issues and, accordingly, the next steps for MONUC, in advance of the 15 June 2001 deadline for the renewal of its mandate.
Policies aimed at human capital development through investment in education, R&D, the development of technological and physical infrastructure, competitive exchange rates, and the moderation of wage increases have been among the accompanying measures.
Estimate 2012: 32,000 beneficiaries of human rights training; an estimated 2,000 cases are investigated, including incidents of civilian casualties and cases related to violence against women; UNAMA continues its engagement with the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission, including through the implementation of the action plan on human rights and civic responsibilities; capacity development strategy results in increased performance of the Commission in protecting and promoting human rights; UNAMA supports advocacy efforts regarding the independence of the Commission
1. Agrees to supplement current and ongoing resource mobilization activities under the Convention by requesting:
To consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocol of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural rights in order to allow its entry into force;
China Life Insurance, Ping An Insurance and China Pacific Insurance, the country's three largest insurers by market share, reported large falls in third quarter profits from a year earlier, driven by investment losses from the stock market decline.
9. The situation in the Central African Republic.
"4. Recognizes the need to build connectivity in the region to help to bridge the digital divide, and in this regard welcomes the Trans-Eurasian Information Super Highway project and the support provided by the intended participants;
We have supported this process as one which is desirable and even inevitable, given the rapid expansion in both the number and complexity of peace-keeping operations in recent years.
To resolve the Arab-Israel conflicts in a fair, comprehensive and reliable way is a common strategic goal of the international community.This objective can only be achieved through negotiation on the basis of universally recognized international documents such as resolutions of the UN Security Council, the Madrid Principles and the Roadmap.
Delivering a quick response also necessitates adequate preparations by the OPCW to coordinate actions with member States that have pledged assistance and with relevant international organizations.
[C] where the development of land exceeded population growth. [D] with an excellent mass transportation system.
14. Germany 1 institution
25. Mr. Liu Zhenmin (China) said that although the Declaration had served to accelerate the process of decolonization across the world, two million people still lived in Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Don't wait.
In September, UNHCR began a vocational training centre project with the NGO Acción Contra el Hambre in the Gali and Tkvarcheli districts.
Religion, as we know, can also be used to inhibit flourishing humanity and make communities wither, negating the purpose it was created to foster.
Optimizations result in code rearrangement in the output file, which can make debugging difficult.
He was keen that she should go to college.
It is a long-term goal of the Secretariat to contribute through the activities under this subprogramme to the Asia-Pacific components of a comprehensive worldwide multi-hazard disaster management and early-warning system that balances technical, cooperative institutional and participatory community approaches to disaster risk reduction.
My sympathies are with the former.
(16-27 May 2005)
DTMB Instrumentation Toolbox
" said the three little kittens.
53. The fifth inter-committee meeting reiterated the recommendation of the fourth inter committee meeting that engagement with NHRIs should continue, in a manner that reflected their necessary independence from Governments.
"When Beijing citizens are in the city center, we want them to be able to get to places faster by using public transport than by using a car," the report quoted Liu Xiaoming, vice head of the city's traffic department, as saying.
Abstract of the national paper of Italy
Some latitude in the world, the war in a breathtaking speed of spreading the message of death and decay of civilization.
(e) Whether issues submitted to the Executive Director of UNEP and the Director-General of FAO owing to disagreements on coordination and cooperation matters among the Executive Secretaries might unnecessarily delay the implementation of the conventions.
(2) The Commission shall be a body corporate with  power  to  sue  and  be sued.
The boys went for a walk despite of the rain.
Because of their low educational level, women were still denied access to political and administrative decision-making.
With a view to ensuring transparency, credibility and impartiality, Mr. Nasser al-Rayyes recused himself from the Commission because his membership conflicted with the provisions of the United Nations model protocol for national commissions of inquiry, notably the provision that commission members should not be closely associated with any individual, government entity, political party or other organization potentially implicated in the alleged violations, or an organization or group associated with the victim.
One haven of safety from this hazard has been that local variables are immune to data races because they are only ever accessible from a single thread.
A total of 37.1 per cent of responding States had concluded bilateral or multilateral agreements on trafficking by sea.
22. Draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.28 was withdrawn.
By the end of the day, your body simply burns and gets rid of the excess
these latter two types of links automatically overlap tasks , which tends to decrease the overall project duration.
Getting a Device Context Handle: Method Two.
E. Under Theme No. 5, on solutions to the problems of refugees and displaced persons in Central Africa (measures to be taken at the national, regional and international levels to improve the situation of refugees and displaced persons), the participants cited a number of durable solutions to resolve the problems of refugees: repatriation, integration and resettlement.
The point is, our reputation's at stake!
 The Nationhood Programme was a comprehensive developmental programme focusing on training and research projects.
United Kingdom/ The Netherlands
The workload of this body is not expected to be heavy as, with the completion of the regularization exercise at the end of the year the vast majority of OHCHR vacancies will be filled, regardless of source of funding, through the formal staff selection system and thus be subject to review by the Central Review Bodies.
59. In interviews with the Special Rapporteur, labour rights activists reported that attempts to organize workers' guilds or strikes had been met with severe penalties, which poses grave implications for workers' ability to pursue their interests.
Contents
69. Provision should be made for the integration and coordination of humanitarian and emergency assistance activities with medium- and long-term rehabilitation and development efforts and programmes.
:: Department of Political Affairs/Great Lakes Region Office.
Research groups are the Swedish Institute of Space Physics, Kiruna; Swedish Institute of Space Physics, Uppsala; and Dept. of Plasma Physics of the Alfvén Laboratory, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm
Falling stock markets had hit demand for wealth management products in the region.
A letter from the Secretary of the Preparatory Committee, dated on 27 December 2013, was sent to the Chairs of the Regional Groups.
Mexico made recommendations.
Miscellaneous incomea
19. Israeli forces have razed 28,882 dunums of agricultural land, uprooting trees and destroying crops belonging to Palestinians and impoverishing 60,101 Palestinians.
Without interpretation:b
43. The Committee recommends that the State party establish a mechanism for systematically monitoring infant and child-feeding.
It was recalled that the ICR Standard already included the recommendations contained in the Legislative Guide and the World Bank Principles for Effective Insolvency and Creditor Rights Systems.
Regardless of the different legal basis, it is considered that the programmes on vocational training and employment promotion are closely and essentially interrelated.
Annual performance appraisal
The Division will develop and disseminate peacekeeping doctrine (policies, practices and standard operating procedures), support the doctrine development process within the subprogrammes of both Departments and support the continued development of the Intranet as the principal means for sharing knowledge and providing guidance material to staff in the field.
The Officer-in-Charge of UNCTAD explained that the discussions at the General Assembly's high-level plenary in September 2005 would consider a broad agenda, including political, social and human rights aspects, all of which related to future reform of the United Nations, and that the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) formed only a part of the broader agenda.
According to IL's comprehensive analysis, France again offers the greatest Quality of Life of any country, while war-torn Iraq remains in last place.
Discussions were held with senior management at the country office on the actions taken or still planned to be taken to prevent the recurrence of such transactions.
The fellows were not bricklayers, but, as in the old days, they attended all Sunday picnics for the dancing, and the fighting, and the fun.
As a result, we are happy to note that the Court has successfully cleared its backlog of cases, with the effect of further strengthening the confidence of States in its competency and efficiency.
Bit field
I paid $ 50 for the camera.
 It is prohibited from taking any action in cases of a political, military, religious or racial nature.
However, temporary shelters are a way of providing short-term accommodation for victims of domestic violence who do not wish to return home, for personal or safety reasons, and who lack independent means.
The temporary sewerage pump was installed to pump the sewerage water drain to reduce the overflow.
Forthcoming other activities
A. Proposal on the destruction of ozonedepleting substance banks (submitted by Argentina)
- Arab framework law on extradition.
5.3 The complainant admits that he was given an opportunity to comment on the minutes of the second and third interviews, but that upon pointing out his objections to his lawyer he was told that such corrections were not necessary, as he would be granted asylum regardless of what was noted in the minutes.
Now split up into small groups to discuss.
The guests were sitting at long trestle tables under a ceiling of vines, or dancing in a clearing of beaten earth.
Authorities are identifying or fashioning broader principles for decision-making.
A systolic ( grade V ) murmur radiated along the left sternal border.
Appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, following formal consultations with the Member States and upon the implicit approval of the permanent members of the Security Council, as from 18 December 2000.
Analysis of savings resulting from the improved overall cost-effectiveness achieved pursuant to the ninth session of the Conference, including the restructuring of the intergovernmental machinery and the reform of the secretariat, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolutions 51/167 of 16 December 1996, 52/220 of 22 December 1997 and 53/3 of 12 October 1998
14. According to the UNDP/UNIFEM report, discriminatory provisions exist in domestic nationality and citizenship laws.
Subprogramme 3. Progressive development and codification of international law
8. Please provide information about the extent to which the Telecommunications Ordinance, the Post Office Ordinance and the Interception of Communications Ordinance are in compliance with articles 17 and 19 of the Covenant, as well as details on the announced review of regulations under the Interception of Communications Ordinance (paragraph 248 of the report).
"Once again Letseng has proved its ability to produce extraordinary diamonds and continues to place Lesotho at the forefront of diamond producing countries," Monyane Moleleki said in a statement.
Developed mission security readiness measurement system.
List of minor planets/113001–113100
Cause of death
Global System of Trade Preferences (GSTP)
The degree that the explosive to explode under impact is called impact sensitivity.
UNDCP participation will centre on some 18 projects.
We'll have to deepen the well if we want more water.
After a few hours or longer of letting the gel do its work, you’ll be checked to see if your cervix is getting softer and beginning to efface and dilate.
Non-expendable property
Twenty-fourth session
It raised awareness about gender equality and the empowerment of women in natural disasters at the sessions of the Preparatory Committee, and contributed to regional and country-level consultations facilitated by the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction.
Recalling that the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies,3 of 27 January 1967 affirms that States shall bear international responsibility for their national activities in outer space and refers to the State on whose registry an object launched into outer space is carried,
212. The text of the draft optional protocol transmitted by the Working Group to the Council is contained in annex I.
116. At the present stage, the Special Rapporteur would like to confirm that the "preliminary plan of action" that was formulated in 10 main points, as contained in chapter VIII of the preliminary report, remains the main road map for his further work, including the continued gathering and analysis of highly informative materials concerning legislation (international and national), judicial decisions, practice of States and doctrine, collected with the kind assistance of the Secretariat.
In view of the region's commitment to increase the share of renewable energy in power generation in the region to 10 per cent by 2010, ASEAN had agreed to promote public-private partnerships to encourage the development of alternative energy sources.
[270]/ Respectively, articles 36, 112, 105, 84 and 91.
Batiovo
The only possibility of a re-consideration under the article 22 procedure relates to admissibility - in cases where the committee finds the case inadmissible for non-exhaustion and then the complainant subsequently exhausts such remedies. (See rule 110, para. 2 of the Committee's rules of procedure).
In keeping with these terms of reference, the Secretariat shall:
The industry recognises that strengthening practices in many areas is now essential to rebuild confidence in the global banking system and make markets more efficient.
adversity is a good disciple.
(a) Marine science and the development and transfer of marine technology as mutually agreed, including capacity-building in this regard;
I wanna the specific location. Is it in Amsterdam?
Moreover, major consumers and waste producers must take steps to ensure the environmental sustainability of their production and consumption patterns.
One could feel the plant lively growing in the rainy season, and the white sand spread from the centre back from the foreground looks like a stream gathering up the rain.
After Jasmina's death, Kazazic vowed she would honor the little girl by swimming with a dolphin, an animal that both girls adored.
The trend was more obviously after the Emperor Xiao Wen reformation.
The Canadian authorities have ascertained that, in any event, conducting an unlawful relationship in Iran is punishable by flogging, not stoning, which applies only to adultery.
but prayers were said by lamas , a group of relatives and good friends were planning the funeral for her, no more worries.
At the White House, Dana Perino said it is in the interest of both countries to reach an agreement, and recent events demonstrate the need to be cautious about removing U.S. troops
Portugal's legal framework seems to provide adequate protection against any unjustified treatment to employees of the public administration and of State owned companies, though such protection does not explicitly extend to private sectors' employees.
The island later became a haven for indentured Irish servants transported to the British West Indies.
IV. Scope
138.36. Consider introducing a new bill to the Parliament, taking into full consideration of the suggestions of the Select Committee, and take further actions towards the ratification of Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Timor-Leste);
What legislative hurdles must be overcome?
The government authorities are frequently urged to establish specific policies and programmes for children with disabilities, but so far with no results.
In the meantime, it is gratifying to note that the efforts of the Government to take control of natural and mineral resources, especially in the forestry and rubber sectors, are beginning to bear fruit, as demonstrated by the increase in public revenues.
Holding hands can also be a visible demonstration of support if your partner is upset or  down.
When are we going to see you next time?
You can guess from the Electoral Code what to expect next November after the elections.
Question 14 56 - 57 22
He cannot enter into a marriage because he is not capable of expressing his will, which would contradict the principle of voluntary marriage.
The forming of national unity is an interesting topic full of practical significance.
International Association of Educators for World Peace
More importantly, however, in November 2001, the Fourth Ministerial Conference of WTO, held at Doha, Qatar, decided to launch a new series of trade negotiations that would pay particular attention to the concerns of developing countries, as mentioned above.12
They provide the automation necessary to have a material effect on the Fund's key business processes.
The Committee also notes with interest the constitutional provisions aimed at instituting good governance in the State party.
While transitional contexts are not always the most conducive for credible elections, minimum conditions should be ensured to allow for the process to be a successful one whose results are accepted by all parties.
He aspired to anything grander than Moscow State University.
Average number of patrol and posts covered daily
Hexanol
The European Union acknowledges and accepts those principles.
The information provided through the questionnaire is qualitative in nature, mostly responding to questions requiring a "yes" or "no" answer.
These usually comprise elements such as teaching people about their rights, legal assistance and vocational education to increase the independence of women, media campaigns and changes to legislation.
In that respect, it's a good idea to darken your diffuse maps appropriately.
A/HRC/10/3/Add.2
Therefore, the Drafting Group had stipulated that the enacting State could specify certain categories of services.
Notwithstanding the intensive and sincere efforts of the Secretary-General, the Greek Cypriot side rejected that plan.
In addition, the staff member will have to provide assistance for high-frequency cellular networks, broadband technologies and satellite transmissions.
:: Status of the Agreement: Achieving full implementation of the integrated approach to conservation and management and binding obligations established by the Agreement, requires that more States ratify or accede to the Agreement.
Mercds and the old man rushed to meet the shipowner and greeted him at the door.
35. In recent years, the dispute settlement system of WTO has received considerable attention, in both developed and developing countries.
The GFMK is an important tool to accompany the policy of the Federal Government - in particular regarding the policy areas of labour market, family law, old-age pensions, promotion of science and violence against women.
Our church is the only Chinese Church in the Northland of the Kansas  City  Metropolitan area.
The performance management system is aligned with the programmatic work plans.
List of licensees
Effective legislation must be accompanied by concrete action to prevent trafficking in children, direct assistance to remove children from trafficking situations and appropriate arrangements for their rehabilitation and social integration.
It appreciated the just position adopted by the vast majority of Member States.
Consultants b/
 In addition, the Commission has submitted to the Economic and Social Council a multi-year programme of work to the year 2000, providing for comprehensive consideration of relevant themes within its field of responsibility.
13. As regards ESCWA, only two proposals were received during the procurement process.
You're one of the smartest   hardest working Most annoying pain-In-The-Ass cops In my department.
(Submitted by Peru)
In that way he could write it into his story and get some sort of attention from the media.
Most reporting Parties indicated that the lack of data and of the capacity to access and record, analyse, manipulate and manage data and databases, as appropriate, for GHG inventories, vulnerability and adaptation assessments, and the analysis of abatement options, is a major constraint in the preparation of their national communications.
7. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 61/249 B, the present budget includes the rejustification of the post levels of the Mission's Chief of Staff, the Chief Political Affairs Officer and the Deputy Police Commissioner responsible for administration and development (see paras. 11, 16 and 20 below).
One claimant, Al Ghanim & Assad Trading & Contracting, Hamed Al Ghanim & His Son & Partner, claimed in relation to a number of debts that were outstanding for work that it performed in Iraq on various construction projects prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Available on the Internet, and twice monthly in newspaper format, UN Development Business is the single most comprehensive source of information on proposed projects, financed by the United Nations system, government agencies, international and regional banks and other lenders, as well as invitations to bid and contract awards.
(d) Respect for difference and acceptance of persons with disabilities as part of human diversity and humanity;
89. On the occasion of the first Mother's Day in the DPRK, the 4th National Mothers' Meeting was held on November 16, 2012, at which State commendations were awarded to women who gave birth to several children and brought them up creditably, those who took care of parentless children, model workers and those who did a lot for the society and collective.
(d) Regional advisory boards
(b) As a matter of priority, especially in those countries most affected, and in partnership with NGOs, wherever possible, intensify education, services and community-based mobilization strategies to protect women of all ages from HIV and other sexually transmitted infections, including through the development of safe, affordable, effective and easily accessible female-controlled methods, including such methods as microbicides and female condoms that protect against sexually transmitted infections and HIV/AIDS; voluntary and confidential HIV testing and counselling; the promotion of responsible sexual behaviour, including abstinence and condom use; and the development of vaccines, simple low-cost diagnosis and single dose treatments for sexually transmitted infections;
The hot summer went by at last. The favorite season in the year is coming.
Article 12 Mine construction projects must be constructed in accordance with the design papers approved by the authorities in charge of mining enterprises.
An efficient beam search decoder for phrase - based statistical machine translation was described.
There is no specific offence under the Criminal Code of Panama that fully corresponds to embezzlement of property in the private sector.
Qun Quran
Haegglund Armoured Surface-to-Air Guided Missile Carrier 701
A/HRC/WGAD/2012/6
Gutenstetten
The Committee recommends that the State party take steps to establish a universal social security system, in line with the Committee's general comment No. 19 (2007) on the right to social security.
It feels like I've been here before.
Annual report
These objectives constitute "end states" for the planning framework.
(d) (i) Percentage of participants who considered workshops, seminars and other capacity-building activities as useful for their future work
(c) E-recruitment systems are thoroughly tested before rollout;
The ACAC Executive Board takes this opportunity to convey to the General Secretariat of the League of Arab States the assurances of its highest consideration.
A lot of civic education initiatives have been undertaken by the Government, the Human Rights Commission and other civil society organizations to remedy the situation.
Kills Imagination- I remember reading a study several years ago on child development and imagination.
A/AC.109/2116
Special event on "Migration and development: Causes and impacts" [webcast]
Review process for entries in the register of specific exemptions **
Opening and Closing date of the 66th Session of the General Assembly
The amounts expensed during 2010 were Euro1,757,808 and Euro211,573, respectively.
Norway reaffirms its strong support for international arms control, disarmament and non-proliferation treaties.
The film is build up to is a masterpiece, but I find it very disappointing.
Verification in all its aspects, including the role of the United Nations in the field of verification
[a]
Accordingly, on 31 May 2005, the Gender Equality Employment Act, the Labour Standards Act and the Employment Insurance Act were amended to cover the full amount of maternity leave to companies designated under the Employment Insurance Act as of 1 January 2006.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to kindly contact Mr. Gerard Cianciulli (e-mail cianciulli@un.org; tel. 1 (917) 367-9277; room S-3058).
The Committee also notes that prostitution as a criminal offence continues to be the focus, but that recent initiatives have broadened this criminal offence, which now addresses demand and supply to include clients as well as the owners of premises on which prostitution is carried out.
In addition, there have been proposals for the launch of large solar reflectors for illumination and transmission of energy and even projects for advertisements and celebration purposes using large space objects that reflect a significant amount of light.
The persistence of endosulfan and other pesticides in aquatic ecosystems of the tropics is not substantially lower than during summer in temperate regions.
The universal and comprehensive nature of this regime must also be strengthened so that States parties can implement all of its provisions.
He kept on going to California (where he made the rounds, even stopping by the TechCrunch offices for an interview).
Mr. IACCARINO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) explained that, as Assistant Director-General for Natural Sciences, he had been designated to act as the focal point in UNESCO for ICS matters.
Together they accounted for 51 (68 per cent) of the 75 operations recorded.
Later, this model is called as the Turing machine.
The claimant earned his living as an artist, producing paintings, sculptures and other artworks.
It had been included by the Commission "for the sake of completeness", but not as a rule of customary law.
The third culture will favor the irrational if it brings options and possibilities, because new experiences trump rational proof.
In that regard, we believe that serious and responsible follow-up on this matter is vital and urgently needed at all levels so that such crimes will never again be committed against our people.
The low per capita figure for Asia and the Pacific, with or without Afghanistan, is a reflection of the enormous population size of the region, which includes China, India, Pakistan and Indonesia.
However, for the year as a whole Argentina's GDP contracted by 11 per cent, largely reflecting the statistical effect of the collapse in output in the second half of 2001.
By September, they will demand to know why he did not do something to avert the train wreck.
To develop a dialogue with Governments, the relevant United Nations bodies, the private sector, local authorities, national human rights institutions, civil society organizations as well as academic institutions, to identify, promote and exchange on best practices related to access to safe drinking water and sanitation, and, in that regard, to prepare a compendium of best practices;
But what I do know is that If Fibonacci testifies next month You and I are gonna be neighbours.
hold a briefing to the press on the programme of work for the month of October, today, 3 October 2006, following the consultations of the whole, in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
Bid price [contract]: The price that a Bidder specifies in the Bid form for the delivery of goods or completion of the works.
I feel that science is compatible with religious faith in a personal, omnipotent and benevolent God.
Without it, the number of nuclearweaponscapable States would probably have been far greater.
22. In its decision 2/107 of 27 November 2006, the Council requested the Secretary-General to continue to solicit comments from Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies and international and non-governmental organizations on the steps they have taken to improve access to medication in the context of pandemics such as HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria and to submit a report thereon to the Council at any session after its fourth session.
Pre- and post-implementation internal control framework review
All partners can gain in such coalitions, because each achieves through cooperation what none could achieve alone.
Total, area staff
It made recommendations.
The Committee will consider in which other areas the Committee could usefully develop sets of best practices to assist States in implementing the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001).
90. The observer for the International Commission of Jurists, referring to possible implications of the above proposal, if adopted, pointed out that the draft optional protocol contained not only purely procedural or technical rules but also more substantive provisions relating, inter alia, to the rights and obligations of States, limitations, findings of the Subcommittee, etc.
The task of the body thus created would be to ensure, by means of assessments and follow-up, that the decisions of the Ministry of Defence were consistent with the rules of international humanitarian law and related treaties.
Geowissenschaften und Rohstoffe (BGR)
Hong Kong Council of Social Service
Unless the treaty otherwise provides, an interpretative declaration may be modified at any time.
Under the condition that the strong basic is medium and ethylene diamine is complex reagent, the method that Ni2+ of wastewater is deoxidized by hydrazine hydrate is studied.
As the eligibility and cost-effectiveness criteria had matured with the approach of the Protocol deadlines, the Bank had pioneered alternative financing modalities under the Fund, introducing performance-based approaches which gave countries the flexibility to direct funding to priority areas while developing complementary policies for national level ozone-depleting substance reductions.
The Conference of the Parties may wish to consider the information in this note and the annex and:
UNCITRAL Bills and Notes Convention (1988)
2483 Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
To counter this development, the Government has taken cost-cutting measures to ensure a balanced national budget over the long term. Price development
The temperature was a variable in the experiment.
The Committee should not substitute its own findings on whether there were substantial grounds for believing that the communicant would be in personal danger of being subjected to torture upon return, since the national proceedings disclose no manifest error or unreasonableness and were not tainted by abuse of process, bad faith, manifest bias or serious irregularities.
244. The progress made in carrying out national plans of action for the implementation of the recommendations made by United Nations treaty bodies is regularly discussed at meetings of the working group.
Yeah, it's Don Self.
Original: English
One afternoon they met at the Vances' accidentally, and began a very friendly conversation.
They cut straight downwards through the hard, brush covered crust.
There are over 5, 000 known submarine volcanoes, but some are extremely difficult to find, even with today’s technology.
The participants welcomed the role of the Centre as an example of preventive diplomacy mechanisms available to the United Nations and acknowledged the role played by the Centre.
You are the twelfth a long line of governesses.
6. Director, Information Communication Technologies
7. Recent examples include the symposium on "Gender and Forestry: Challenges to Sustainable Livelihoods and Forestry Management", held from 1 to 10 August 2004 in Kilimanjaro, the United Republic of Tanzania; the country-led initiative on lessons learned on sustainable forest management in Africa, with a concluding workshop, held from 18 to 22 October 2004 in Stockholm, Sweden; the Expert Meeting on Traditional Forest-related Knowledge and the Implementation of Related International Commitments, held from 6 to 10 December 2004 in San José, Costa Rica; the country-led initiative on the "Future of the International Arrangement on Forests", held from 25 to 28 January 2005 in Mexico; the organization-led initiative on "Practical Solutions to Combat Illegal Logging: Dialogue on Best Practice for Business and Civil Society", held from 8 to 10 March 2005 in Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China; the International Expert Meeting on Innovative Financial Mechanisms: Searching for Viable Alternatives to Secure the Basis for the Financial Sustainability of Forests, to be held from 29 March to 1 April 2005 in San José, Costa Rica; and the Global Partnership on Forest Landscape Restoration Global Forest Landscape Restoration Implementation Workshop, to be held from 4 to 8 April 2005 in Petropolis, Brazil.
And you have to accept that your life, your very, very short life-span ahead of you is just going to be filled with agonizing pain.
Old Chuckie is sure full of the devil.
[(...) “Explosives”: any substances or article that is made, manufactured or used to produce an explosion, detonation or propulsive or pyrotechnic effect, except:
Recognition of the importance of strengthening the synergies and linkages between the prevention and response mechanisms used to address different child protection risks continues to grow.
Directeur de Cabinet of the Ministry of the Interior
In connection with the first five-year review of the Millennium Declaration, the international community is encouraged to consider older persons as a resource for development and not simply as beneficiaries.
An international secretariat (ICP Global Office) has been set up and charged with the day-to-day management and coordination of the global programme.
The representative of the United States amended the oral decision.
We should adhere steadfastly to the Rio principles, in particular the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities.
Kagan: Well, so how do we separate violent games that are covered from violent games just as violent that are not covered?
“The whole demand chain is not one-dimensional,” she said.
SILK
It would be interesting to know where State sovereignty ended in matters of expulsion: for example, whether the principle of non-retroactivity of the law was respected, what remedies were available against such measures and, as far as family reunification was concerned, whether the different legislation and administrative practices made it easy for people to join their families.
Item 4 of the provisional agenda*
Restrictions on the right to strike
The iris to a slit during the day.
Murray Edwards College, Cambridge
29. Notwithstanding these efforts, the development of the capability of F-FDTL is hampered by a lack of experienced and skilled personnel, proper training and equipment, and a very limited logistical capability for deployment.
1987 Third Secretary, Embassy of Japan, United States of America
In the field of prevention of economic fraud and identity-related crime, investments in promoting cooperation between the public and private sectors can also generate substantial benefits.
The possibilities for Evaluation Office staff to be mainstreamed into core positions in the wider organization, with opportunities to rotate and be promoted in line with standard UNDP procedures, should be strengthened; and
European Union (EU)* : Community Eco-label Award Scheme
Reading make a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.
Questions deferred for future consideration
The SBSTA took note of document FCCC/SBSTA/2006/MISC.6 containing views on an interface to GHG inventory data, and of the oral report provided by the secretariat on progress in implementing the data interface.
8. The cumulative economic impact of disasters associated with natural hazards has been recognized as a key factor challenging the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
The review was conducted concurrently, in early 2001, with an OIOS inspection of the programme management of the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention (ODCCP).
May the Lord save us from all heresies.
22. The Committee discussed further the concept of purchasing power parity (PPP).
All Parties should aim to undertake a similar level of effort to others at a similar level of development and with similar national circumstances
Individuals with assets abroad and who travel internationally, as is the case with many of those involved in the Afghan narcotics trade, are particularly vulnerable to the sanctions measures.
Bill No. 225/02
The notice is an attempt to push through a policy decided more than a year ago but delayed partly because of resistance from PC makers.
(CEDAW/C/MDG/2-5)
I'm terribly sorry
The receiving mission is to pay the replenishment cost of the stocks.
You can eat nearly every kind of cuisine here.
It calls for appropriately utilizing experience, expertise and resources of the system, including at the field level, for this purpose.
10. The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/182, welcomed the convening of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003 and in Tunis in 2005, and encouraged Governments and all other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in the preparatory process and outcome documents.
On Friday she reminded everyone again.
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
A hobby can be almost anything.
Nuclear propulsion
You've got to come to the toilet sometime, I figured.
They're like chewing gum.
Globalization is the priority problem.
Take good care of yourself.
At present, psychological condition of teachers is not healthy enough.
The orchestra played with a foreign conductor, and the initiative was designed to promote normalization and reconciliation in the country.
The State party should also fulfil its obligation to respect the decisions of the Supreme Court.
Balacet
Photos and videos looked great on the Zunes -- about as good as they do on the comparable iPod nanos and better than on the iPod Classic because that iPod model's screen is much smaller than its Zune counterpart's.
The 1923 Egyptian Constitution gave expression to the clear inclination of the Egyptian Government and people when it stipulated, in article 19, that primary education was compulsory for Egyptian boys and girls.
9. Also at the same meeting, presentations were made by the Vice-Chairman of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Chairman of the Commission for Social Development, the Chairman of the Statistical Commission and the Chairman of the Commission on Human Settlements.
Mora: Prosecutor
Intercountry and interregional projects
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all national policies and programmes
Your boss won't send you out to fetch the coffee.
See A/67/319, paragraph 45.
Chen Ran's awareness beyond sex is dissolves the opposing principles between men and women.
When you research appliance companies, you will find that it is easy to maintain Whirlpool Appliances.
31. Yemen was one of the countries that suffered from desertification. In fact, sand covered much of its territory, especially in the East, the North East and its entire coastline.
HANOI – What does the Venezuelan domestic payments crisis have in common with the death of the North American Free Trade Agreement, announced by Wilbur Ross, US President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to be the next US Secretary of Commerce?
Participants worked in small groups to define priority knowledge management initiatives for the United Nations and to provide input into an information and communications strategy to be submitted to senior management for endorsement.
The new definition of Xuan Xue Poems includes not only the doctrines of Buddha but also the category as philosophical poems.
Burroughs is in Tangiers I don't think he'll come back it's sinister. Are you being sinister or is this some form of practical joke
The relatively high number of women in the executive posts in these federations, namely 47.14 per cent in the executive committees (33 out of 70) and 31.25 per cent of leaders (15 out of 48) can be explained by the specific nature of the unions concerned.
`As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the Pigeon; `but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day!
A. United Nations system
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 39/236 of 18 December 1984, annual progress reports have been submitted to the Assembly on the construction project in Addis Ababa.
The last selected camera is restored when you save the map and open it later.
The discussion continues in the context of General Assembly resolution 56/201.
That is why, as coca leaf producers, we have stated that there will not be unfettered coca leaf production, but neither will there be zero production.
(c) Overview of the economic and social conditions in Africa 2010 (E/2010/17);
(figure) I figure that our national economy will continue to develop.
He appeared be supporting a Constitutional amendment to ban such marriages.
90. The following section provides recommendations for action for (a) inclusion of disability in the Millennium Development Goals and their implementing policies, programmes, monitoring and evaluation frameworks; (b) inclusion of disability in the post-Millennium Development Goals development framework; and
"The Security Council and the troop-contributing countries heard a briefing under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure by Mr. Wolfgang Weisbrod-Weber, Director of the Asia and Middle East Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Rumours feeds on ignorance and superstition.
54/226 and 54/227
5. At the 16th meeting, on 26 October, the representative of Sri Lanka, on behalf of Algeria, Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, Chile, China, Cuba, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Egypt, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Nigeria, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Sri Lanka and the Sudan, subsequently joined by Côte d’Ivoire, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Kuwait, Mongolia and Saudi Arabia, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Prevention of an arms race in outer space” (A/C.1/54/L.22).
152. Foremost in any consideration of the UNDP field office network is the need to view the global network from a host country and a United Nations system-wide perspective.
Though the situation looks gloomy it will eventually turn around.
The President stated that Dr LAW Cheung-kwok had given notice to move an amendment to the motion.
In the period ahead, the Board will continue its ongoing efforts to promote enhanced coordination and coherence within the United Nations system, building on the solid foundation that it has already laid, for effective support to Member States.
OTHER MILITARY
VII. Promotion and teaching of human rights in Poland 143 - 145 33
The "frontier method" evaluates a providers' performance relative to best (frontier) performance in the market.
I. Progress report on UNCTAD capacity-building and technical cooperation activities 3
In 1971, Richard Nixon imposed an across-the-board import surcharge as a way to force currency realignments.
In the last couple of months, He seemed to take a shine to my daughter teri.
Since that time no new chemicals have been listed in Annex III.
On the shortfall, the Deputy High Commissioner responded that the Operational Reserve would be used to cover it if required, but that the Reserve, which at that point stood at some USD 19 million, would most probably be needed for unforeseen emergencies.
Stressing that further efforts are needed in order to develop and effectively implement programmes of practical disarmament in affected areas as part of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration measures so as to complement, on a case-by-case basis, peacekeeping and peace-building efforts,
6.5 The author has affirmed that contrary to article 14, paragraph 3 (e), the court only called witnesses against her son, and ignored the witnesses called on his behalf.
51. JS2 reported on the increasing number of children in foster homes and orphanages and on their unacceptable living conditions.
All would be well once Mr Bush had gone.
17. At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled "Question of New Caledonia", contained in document A/57/23 (Part III), chapter XIII, section D, without a vote (see para. 25, draft resolution II).
Greece
It is a matter of saving human lives.
Mali
Europeans should remember that perceptions of strength and weakness change fast.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. José Luis Guterres, Deputy Prime Minister of Timor-Leste.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantage of this system.
Official (DP/1999/L.1)
For further information, please contact Ms. Cecelia Coleman (room DC1-603, tel.: 963-9684).
Azerbaijan noted that the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture expressed concern about poor prison conditions.
22. Information on relevant financial and technological needs relating to the assessment of national, regional and/or sub-regional vulnerability to climate change may be added in the communication.
In the last month alone, Australia, India, Mexico, and others have cut interest rates.
15. The confidence-building process can be facilitated, inter alia, by the rule of law and good governance at national and international levels, accountability and transparency based on the respect of international law, increased international financial and technical cooperation for development, and renewed effort for resource mobilization to facilitate the confidence-building process.
Mr. Momen (Bangladesh): We commend the Secretary-General and the Director-General of the World Health Organization (WHO) for jointly preparing a comprehensive report, entitled "Global health and foreign policy: strategic opportunities and challenges", contained in document A/64/365.
This was to give complete general secondary education to all children until they reached the age to work.
'"  So he walked for a long time, always saying, "Not much, not much, not much.
246. There are at present more humanitarian workers in conflict zones than ever before.
Professor Sir Ronald Oxburgh, KBE, FRS (Geophysics, UK)
United Nations case studies on children formerly associated with the Abu Sayyaf Group have revealed that the group lured children to join its ranks with the promise of material reward.
Personal Information Collection Statement pertaining to
Recommendations have been drawn up for the development of arid regions of the country (Beshkent, Karalang, etc.) and the growing of agricultural crops in arid conditions.
The Ministry is also involved in the gender mainstreaming process launched by CPEM.
With the current economic conditions, finding funding can be a challenge for many young companies - or even established ones.
The caster swings himself up and away with incredible speed, landing in a province far away.
That view has led many firms to dig themselves deeper into the proverbial hole by refusing to free their balance sheets by selling hard-hit assets at a loss.
Rappers
19. In order to improve the provision of basic medical services, the mission will acquire a level 1 hospital to support the operations of the Joint Border Verification and Monitoring Mechanism.
17. Transportation and travel management
So, I've gained a lot of weight.
The breed that two seas train out commonly is called half-bred fish , flavour is delicious.
Some people in remote areas of the Tibet Autonomous Region still live fairly impoverished lives.The governments at all levels in the Region, according to the instructions and requirements of the Central Government, are implementing a help-the-poor plan to actively assist the local people to raise the level of production so as to get rid of poverty and become well-off.
1. The variances under this heading for the 1998/99 and 1999/00 financial periods are attributable to the extension of the Mission’s mandate beyond 28 February 1999 with its existing structure and overall strength of 1,350 military personnel (increase) and the subsequent repatriation of the main body of contingents by 15 November 1999 (decrease).
14.2 The core functions of the Division are as follows:
Modes of compensation to victims
As we chatted away about hiking, waterfalls and bears, I could hear people around us talking about busy schedules and business meetings.
Many couples take a honeymoon, a one- to two-week vacation trip, to celebrate their new marriage.
The introduction of the new system has resulted in an increased workload, which UNICEF has addressed through adjustments to its staffing levels, competencies and standard operating procedures.
The open-ended intergovernmental working groups established by the Conference continued to advise and assist it on prevention and asset recovery (Working Group on the Prevention of Corruption: third meeting held in Vienna from 27 to 29 August 2012 and fourth meeting to be held in Vienna from 26 to 28 August 2013; Working Group on Asset Recovery: sixth meeting held in Vienna on 30 and 31 August 2012 and seventh meeting to be held in Vienna on 29 and 30 August 2013).
Shall we go there by plane or by boat?
"The data gathered from this project will aid in our understanding of the relationship between the winds and ionospheric activity," says Earle.
In the human development literature it is sometimes suggested that human development does not necessarily follow from the growth of GDP and other resources.
Challenges to the health system include the impossibility of ensuring that medical equipment is available and properly maintained, while referral abroad is subject to long and arduous permit processing and medical staff are prevented from upgrading knowledge and skills.
In a special drive, the United Nations police delivered training in gender, child and vulnerable persons protection and also trained "peer educators" in HIV/AIDS awareness.
Introduction to United Nations Budget documents (English)
It has established a contingency plan and is provided with necessary contingency rescue equipment.
Permeability is measurement of a rock's ability, to transmit fluids , typically measured in darcies or millidarcies.
62. A total of 1,597 Secretariat staff will reach the mandatory retirement age during the next five years (13.8 per cent of the current overall workforce).
Over the Rainbow
Under Articles 69 and 70, participation is provided for only in the case of States not members of the Council, and of specialized agencies.
The bridge bank also inherits sacred liabilities such as deposits.
The cost run into thousands of pound.
She has the license for the second class small ship pilot.
Furthermore, in conjunction with the renewal of its headquarters lease, UNFPA was able to negotiate with the landlord the renovation/upgrading of the premises, and space management was a significant component in the planning of this work.
The vast majority of those residing in eastern Ghouta are under siege by the Syrian regime, as detailed below:
This underscored the timeliness of the meeting.
Prices are subject to changes without further notice.
(i) Sea containers
I'm wondering if I may have a word with you.
Mechanism of action to accelerate second deep degree scald wound healing by endogenous EGF
(A/65/743)
The Office of the Inspector-General seems to be reluctant to publish its statistics because the image of the police is sufficiently tarnished and it does not wish to demoralize the force even more.
Republican unbridled hostility on this debt ceiling matter is equal to waging war on the United States of American.
The idea is to get everyone engaged in the conversation and involved in the discourse to where they're not just asking questions but challenging the scientist and going off on tangents, said Ben Wiehe, who hosts a caf at a bar called The Thirsty Scholar in Somerville, Mass
It still preferred to delete article 19 and the provisions on the consequences thereof, which were contained in articles 51 to 53.
Australia
13. Although the national dialogue did not aim to establish a national development strategy, nor did it discuss all the strategic issues and policies of the country in the long term, it nevertheless allowed for some basic agreements between the Government and other sectors of Nicaraguan society, demonstrating a peaceful way for dealing with the nation’s problems.
Note that the above statistics do not include private health facilities, whose input in the field of maternal health is far from negligible.
7. Notes with satisfaction the holding in Geneva, from 13 to 17 May 2013, of the World Summit on the Information Society Forum 2013, organized by the International Telecommunication Union, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the United Nations Development Programme, as a multi-stakeholder platform for the coordination of implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit and to facilitate the implementation of the World Summit action lines;
13. Requests the Secretary-General, in this regard, to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, through the Committee on Conferences, on the methodology that accurately reflects the situation of the provision of conference services to regional and other major groupings of Member States, taking into account the concerns raised in its resolutions 56/254 D and 56/287;
A more comprehensive approach to procurement is also being taken in the region to strengthening national procurement systems.
User hr-1
What is "space weather"?
Apparently, high society formals Don't go with the whole brooklyn artist thing.
31. Following the issuance of the Legal Framework, all investigation reports are to be referred to the Director, Division for Management and Administration, for action.
The legality and appropriateness of interfering in somebody's private life may be reviewed by a court while criminal cases are under investigation and citizens' petitions being considered that relate to the matter concerned.
The international community to support the efforts of the transitional Government and the Congolese people towards reconstruction, national reconciliation and the preparation of elections.
Underwriting all these measures demands a sophisticated strategy.
Furthermore, South Africa, like many other countries, is supportive of the establishment of a tsunami early warning system in the Indian Ocean region.
The first and second annual reports recount the stages from inception of the Special Tribunal to the filing of the first indictment in January 2011.
The worst part was definitely Zhang Ziyi's singing.
Allow me to introduce our distinguished guests.
As a NATO member, Turkey aims to become a full member of the European Union and establish cordial relations with all of its southern and eastern neighbors.
I'm the stunt man today.
10.11 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Globalization and Development Strategies.
Member of the Council of the Commodity Exchange Budapest, 1998-2000.
That day I walked around the city in utter amazement at the miracle of life on earth, as if I had just been born into this world.
This is not something we can tackle from the beach here in Sierra Leone, as it is a global problem.
20. Within the current policy there is an inherent assumption that evaluation for accountability is the purview of the centralized function, while evaluation for learning is the purview of the decentralized function.
Up to 24
Video games set in Vietnam
High efficiency and stability of the vertical evaporator, ice, ice - speed, time - saving energy saving.
I have a good friend, who's very hard on me.
283. At its 36th meeting, on 28 August 1998, the Sub-Commission decided on the composition of its Working Group on Communications that would meet prior to its fifty-first session.
Putrid. Term applied to a wine having a foul nauseating odour of organic decomposition.
 This prohibition is longstanding and does not depend on whether article 3 bis of the Chicago Convention is in force.
They feel that the plan of the murder and kidnaping was too elaborate to be the work of a Negro mind.
See the reply to recommendations 27-28.
Efforts to strengthen international peace and security must by all means take into consideration the situation of the refugees.
3 p.m. to
The General Assembly,
Nonetheless, they exist in very few, mostly developed, countries and United Nations support is needed.
Supporting the mutually reinforcing linkages between development, peace and security, and human rights, the United Nations Development Group fostered policy coherence and coordination in human rights mainstreaming and accelerated implementation of key strategies to strengthen normative and operational linkages within the United Nations system, including through deploying human rights advisers to resident coordinator offices, strengthening guidance, and initiating work on a monitoring and evaluation framework for measuring United Nations country team performance with regard to human rights mainstreaming.
85. During the reporting period, the authorities of both Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Federation focused their efforts on changing procedures governing appointments to the Communications Regulatory Agency and public broadcasters, currently designed to prevent political influence in the appointment procedure.
Public gardens; a botanical garden.
Just go to the 'Store' menu in iTunes and click on 'Deauthorize computer . . .'.
34. The preamble to the Constitution of 14 October 1992 reaffirms its attachment to and protects the various rights enshrined in the different international human rights instruments.
89. Budget preparation. UNRWA prepares its budget on a biennial basis, although operations are financed on an annual basis.
However, that document must be updated so that it can facilitate our future work.
She yells into my house, Can someone help me bring these bags in
The Indigenous Women's Development Programme forms an integral part of the Australian Government's reform agenda in indigenous affairs.
F. Sustainable implementation of RBM
24. Ahmad Roshdi Siyam
Recognizing also the challenges that Kazakhstan faces in the rehabilitation of the Semipalatinsk region, in particular in the context of the efforts by the Government of Kazakhstan to ensure the effective and timely achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, in particular with regard to health care and environmental sustainability,
OIOS concurs with that suggestion.
(ii) Equipping and maintaining rest-rooms for women's personal hygiene (art. 308 of the Labour Code);
Level-I medical facilities
There were some signs of relative well-being, but evidence of exceedingly poor living conditions as well.
Following a statement by the Chairman, Mr. Mohammad Reza Jabbari (Islamic Republic of Iran), the Executive Secretary of the secretariat for the Convention to Combat Desertification made an introductory statement.
 It has also organized many seminars, held conferences and conducted studies, including on the causes of conflicts and on the problems of borders in Africa.
We have much yet to do -- in Afghanistan and beyond.
Interestingly, the only country that had an IIF reported that it had been established without external assistance.
In particular, the report compares the actual indicators of achievement, that is, the extent to which actual progress has been made during the period against the expected accomplishments, with the planned indicators of achievement, and compares the actual completed outputs with the planned outputs.
System-wide matters
Tajikistan
The meeting supported the decision taken by the extended Bureau to shorten the meeting to one day and took note of the dates of the subsequent meeting, which would be held in Vienna on 25 and 26 January 2010.
Norway
24. The proposal continues to be reviewed by the Department of Management.
Two countries are providing support for subregional efforts in Central Asia to set up a subregional action programme (SRAP) known as the Central Asian Countries Initiative on Land Management (CACILM), with the support of the Global Mechanism and the Global Environment Facility; it has annual funds of about US$ 70 million.
to recollect it, and go back and give it all over again with added circumstance. Such people do not
It was found that the cheapest waste polyethylene film and polypropylene film are belter modified agents for the oxidized asphalt of high paraffin content, and polyvinyl chloride is not suitable.
2.4 By judgment of 3 October 1991, the District Court of Norrköping convicted the complainant of manslaughter, sentenced him to eight years' imprisonment and ordered his expulsion from Sweden once he served his prison sentence.
There's really no hidden intention behind it.
Fully aware of the evil caused by the war, national fascism and ethnic divisions, we appeal upon all the political parties, civic associations, cultural institutions and religious communities to convene jointly a convention of confidence of the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He was disappointed in his goal, in the persons he had climbed to be with
Compendium of summaries of judgments in environment-related cases from around the world.
2008 Chinese winter storms
The two women, 77-year-old Wu Dianyuan and 79-year-old Wang Xiuying, had repeatedly applied for permits to hold a protest in one of the three designated protest zones set up around Beijing.
Sleeping with his best friend is a good way to hit the nail on the head, but be public about it.
Nitroform is such a strong proton donor.
As for the missing opportunity for examination, the court held that the additional payment of customs duty in Kenya cannot be regarded as rendering the opportunity for examination unreasonable in the sense of article 38 (3) CISG since it was the purchaser's affair to take into account the number and the amount of the customs duties.
The spring Festival is a time for gathering
27. Payments of compensation claims increased by 70 per cent compared to 2005.
Yugoslavia 43
Namibia
In fact, the discussions and talks that often attract most interest  particularly from spouses who are invited along  are the off-beat ones.
Thirteenth session
It should address the issues of ending subsidies on agricultural products and allowing the least developed countries access to markets in accordance with the commitments made at Doha and elsewhere.
His head was dizzy.
1. The By-law on the Protection of the Quality of the Air, which entered into force following its publication in the Official Gazette of 2 November 1996, defines the limits for toxic emissions by industrial plants and air polluting parameters.
129. In implementing the sanctions regime to ensure the exclusion of UNITA diamonds from legitimate circuits, the Government of Angola has had to address major structural issues in the diamond industry.
My lord，you must tell us where the body is，and go
12.4 The amount of income to be distributed to B and  the  members  of New Company shall be calculated by using as reference the Basic Case-Annex 1.
 In this respect, I wish to welcome warmly the agreement concluded here on the indefinite extension of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, particularly since it meets the concerns of all Member States of our Organization, specifically the African States.
"Our achievements will stand and grow more marked with time, and we can one day look back and know that we have been a part of something sacred and unique.
One friend was fortune to get a vasein the auction.The vase has thin neck and big
If PiS’s populist slogans become policy, government spending is likely to expand, which will exacerbate Poland’s already weak fiscal position and consequently trigger inflationary expectations.
Recommendation of the Council Concerning Effective Action against Hard Core Cartels (1998)
Mr. Brocklehurst : And does she not sin, naturally, as well?
Such securities may include, but are not restricted to, bank deposits, commercial paper, supranational securities, Government agency securities and Government securities with maturities of five years or less.
For a variety of reasons, mostly related to government intervention, few emerging market economies can be categorized as having flexible resource demand, so commodity price spikes are not having a particularly big effect on demand.
(US$)
You can energize your desk by adorning it with objects that symbolize the five elements to attract work and luck.
The member sponsoring a proposal or a motion may not speak in explanation of vote thereon, except if it has been amended.
1. IBCs shall only be used for free flowing substances.
(e) Should there still be seats unfilled by Member States two working days before the opening of the session of the Commission, the Bureau or extended Bureau can decide to increase the number of seats for observers (as referred to in para. 1 (b) above), to a maximum of eight.
17. The provision of additional resources called for in resolution 2012/29 would enable the Committee to consider a greater number of reports.
Incommunicado detention is authorized when either of the two aforementioned exceptions, namely "exceptional needs of the investigation" and "exceptional circumstances" apply.
'For all central banks, this is not the end of the story,' says Laurence Meyer, vice chairman of Macroeconomic Advisers, a forecasting firm, and a former Federal Reserve governor.
11.10 The overall objective of the subprogramme is to ensure that the implementation of the Habitat Agenda is effectively monitored and assessed.
6. Work Relating to Prevention of Spread of SARS among Elderly
63. JS8 noted that the populations on the outskirt suffer from marginalization and abuses and they do not have right to own land.
2.3 How does South Africa co-operate with other States in strengthening the security of its international borders with a view to preventing those guilty of incitement to commit a terrorist act or acts from entering their territory, including by combating fraudulent travel documents and, to the extent attainable, by enhancing terrorist screening and passenger security procedures?
18. While noting the efforts of the State party to address violence against women at all levels of authority, the Committee remains concerned about the continuing prevalence of violence against women, as well as by the low rates of reporting, prosecutions and convictions in sexual assault cases.
76. The United Nations has a leadership role in fostering collective responses to today's complex global challenges.
5 Mr. Green, do you think its time to sign the contract
We would have voted against the resolution as a whole because it contains this unbalanced paragraph, operative paragraph 7, which exploits the draft resolution on the IAEA for political purposes, in particular that of perpetuating comprehensive sanctions against Iraq.
Burkina Faso
Recalling its resolution 54/10 of 26 October 1999, by which it granted observer status to the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries and considered it mutually advantageous to provide for cooperation between the United Nations and the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries, and its resolution 59/21 of 8 November 2004, in which it invited the Secretary-General of the United Nations to undertake consultations with the Executive Secretary of the Community of Portuguese-speaking Countries, and requested the specialized agencies and other bodies and programmes of the United Nations system to cooperate to that end with the Secretary-General and the Executive Secretary,
Today, I say that it is even more critical for this to be done.
But at Starbucks, Tall is small.
It had also received written information from non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and one NGO network had made an oral presentation.
The final report on the implementation of the pilot project (A/67/751) has been submitted to the General Assembly
They include specific programmes for women, children, the environment, economic rights, health, education, work and culture; awareness-raising activities; training programmes for judges in the resolution of human rights disputes; training programmes for security and police personnel on dealing with citizens and ensuring respect for human rights.
A. Persons deprived of their liberty
E/CN.4/2001/WG.18/1 Provisional agenda
1. At its forty-third session, held from 28 February to 2 March 2012, the Statistical Commission requested, in its decision 43/101 (E/2012/24, chap. I, sect. B), that the Statistics Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs: (a) prepare a comprehensive report by the end of the 2010 census round on the implementation of the 2010 World Population and Housing Census Programme and a timetable for the development of the 2020 World Population and Housing Census Programme, including the Principles and Recommendations for Population and Housing Censuses: the 2020 Round, Revision 3; and (b) to prepare by 2015 a draft resolution on the 2020 World Population and Housing Census Programme for approval by the Commission and endorsement by the Economic and Social Council.
34. The aggression against the Democratic Republic of the Congo makes a mockery of the fundamental principles governing relations between States as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and the Charter of OAU.
Anti-Albanian sentiment
:: To halve, by the year 2015, the proportion of people without access to safe drinking water
She loved driving very fast, and boasted of the fact that she had never, in her thirty-five years of driving, been punished for a driving offence.
Tenth emergency special session
Government institutions had therefore established constructive cooperation with NGOs involved in children's rights.
I use to cast all the troubles away by climbing mountain
Even after its property bubble burst 24 years ago, the authorities continued to believe that the country’s growth model needed no adjustment.
If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it beRachel: (thinks) I dont know.Monica: Me neither.Phoebe: Rachel.Monica: What
However, the agents refused to release him and transferred Mr. Al-Ghamidi first to Al Alicha prison and later to El Melz prison where he is currently being held.
Lastly, she wondered whether the Government was being too passive and shirking its responsibility of motivating women and encouraging them to come forward.
6. The Human Rights Committee has undertaken to prepare a General Comment dealing with the implications of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights with regard to racial discrimination.
36. Paragraph 97 indicates a provision for $240,000 for non-post requirements for the Medical Services Division related to general temporary assistance.
24. Thailand placed on record its appreciation for its many friends and partners, without whose help its efforts would not have borne fruit.
Where the sale of genetically modified foods is concerned, the policy is to give consumers the greatest possible freedom of choice.
4. Urges Governments to consider the need:
At the same time, the continued commitment of the Haitian leadership will be crucial for progress, including through the approval of legislation aimed at redefining the status and role of the Office of the Ombudsman.
It was concluded that Governments that were receptive to the needs of entrepreneurs and small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as the right policies for regional trade integration, stimulated private sector growth.
That important report is a forward-looking document that spells out options for preventing genocide from ever happening again, and it is a positive contribution by the African continent to international efforts to prevent genocide.
The secretariat of the International Space Weather Initiative and/or the Office for Outer Space Affairs could take the lead in that regard;
Therefore, make sure your hands are warm and dry.
In the slanting moonbeams I could see it distinctly through the fine mosquito net.
However, this isn't sufficient if what you really want to do is to capture a user's interaction with a program.
23 October 1986
Paul, can you answer the phone Im busy.
Article 7, paragraph 2, now explicitly provides that the Parties undertake to “provide that the minimum age of admission to employment shall be 18 years with respect to prescribed occupations regarded as dangerous or unhealthy”.
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.18/Rev.1
First, all leaders on different levels from every county was gathered, and later in 2006, a course took place in every office, both for leaders and other employees.
Speeding ina stolen car , the thief thinks he has got a great catch.
She seems prettier by contrast with her sister.
II. Topics retained from the preliminary listing for 2003
1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material (Nuclear Material Convention);
I. Introduction
The following are some aspects to be studied:
14. With the exception of the P-4 level post for Chief, Commodity Management Unit, all of the posts that are to be retained will be in Sector West in Suai and Covalima.
J. Human rights education 55 15
The State party notes that the Committee has considered communications on many occasions in which complainants claimed to be at risk of being subjected to torture if they were returned to Turkey.
(c) To establish, at its fifty-eighth session, an inter-sessional open-ended working group of the Commission, with the mandate to elaborate, in the light of the findings of the independent expert, a draft legally binding normative instrument for the protection of all persons from enforced disappearance, taking into account, inter alia, the draft international convention on the protection of all persons from enforced disappearance - transmitted by the Sub-Commission in its resolution 1998/25 - for consideration and adoption by the General Assembly.
Perhaps the essence of America is that you could never get two Americans to agree on just what that might be.
He added that he was also wanted in Egypt on account of his father.
It is therefore especially important to have full guarantees of the use of habeas corpus.
Greater emphasis is being put on professionalizing the Force.
3A.19 The provision of $5,500 relates to the cost of the services of an interpreter during missions of the Committee.
(c) UNIDO access to the Global Environment Facility.
They arranged warm farewells for us.
Put everything in order, your room is a terrible mess.
22. The proposed budget for support for AMISOM military contingent personnel and AMISOM police personnel for the period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010 amounts to $43,003,500 (see annex III).
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
In socialist construction the Party must proceed from China's specific conditions and take the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics.
Persons who are otherwise eligible to stand for election should not be excluded by unreasonable or discriminatory requirements such as education, residence or descent, or by reason of political affiliation.
The wall came crashing to the ground in a cloud of dust.
The United Nations has been at the heart of efforts to build an effective governance structure for space, especially through the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS).
They also called on all parties in Mogadishu and Kismaayo to uphold the tenets of the five principles enumerated in the communiqué of their twenty-first extraordinary summit and reiterated their previous call for the Federal Government to integrate the various militia forces as soon as possible into a unified national command of the Somali national army.
Further, the Attorney-General's decision fails to take into consideration the fact that the most responsible person (the Assistant Superintendent) is not affected by the Supreme Court judgment, and therefore even if indictments were to follow, they would relate to the `foot soldiers' as opposed to the person chiefly responsible, who remains shielded from responsibility.
8. At the 2nd meeting, the Chair introduced the report of the Bureau of the Commission on its intersessional meetings (E/CN.9/2012/3).
3. Requests for information
Come with me. I got something I want you to see.
Bahamas
 In light of the violent and apparently orchestrated events of the last several days, Israel and the Palestinian Authority should "foster mutual understanding and tolerance", as provided by the Interim Agreement.
China's Ministry of Finance is considering levying a social security tax in an effort to narrow the wide gap in income distribution.
At one point, she fired Carl Bass, the company's technical wizard at the time, over strategic disagreements.
The admission and participation of observers shall be subject to the rules of procedure adopted by the Conference of the Parties.
Having noted the progress that has been made in implementing the outcome, declaration, programme of work and resolutions of the Arab Economic, Development and Social Summit (Kuwait, January 2009), and the efforts that are being exerted by member States, Ministerial Councils and the specialized Arab organizations in following up the implementation of the outcome and resolutions of that Summit and the resolutions adopted by the regular Arab Summits that were held between 2001 and 2010,
Ia Extremely Hazardous
Years of continuous service away from home country
Haiti
For more information about the seminar, please contact the Treaty Section of the Office of Legal Affairs (tel. 1 (212) 963-5047; fax 1 (212) 963-3693; e-mail treaty@un.org).
Operational personnel from both places also have regular exchanges on technical matters, the last one being the "Seminar on low-level windshear alerting technology" organized by ATMB during 20-23 October 2008.  Experts from the Observatory were invited to lecture at the seminar, presenting the Observatory's experience in providing windshear and turbulence alerting services for the Hong Kong International Airport.
3 - 6 p.m. 10th meeting Conference Room 1 (NLB)
The New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal deals with more than 50 per cent of all appellate criminal work throughout Australia.
The Committee invites the State party to further pursue, in collaboration with a broad range of stakeholders, including women's and other civil society organizations, awareness-raising campaigns through the media and public education programmes to make such violence socially unacceptable.
Existing text
S/2002/1039
It's incredible to think that you are now living on another continent.
The Court accordingly dismissed the Russian Federation's first preliminary objection.
The aggressor States concentrate their attacks on vulnerable people: children, women and the elderly.
Mining law should be based on policy, not the reverse.
If it fails in this endeavour, it must at least express its dissatisfaction with the failure of the Quartet to be guided by the advisory opinion and to make reference to it.
Table 12.22 Summary of follow-up action taken to implement relevant recommendations of internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
NASCAR Heat Evolution
609. The Ministry of Education focuses, among others, on the enhancement of the access of all population groups to cultural services.
Delighted, Li Bai came to visit with Wang Lun.
An amicable settlement was reached.
In order to strengthen national capacities to investigate and prosecute international crimes, Norway was providing funding for the Court's Legal Tools Project, an important resource base for national authorities, practitioners of law and scholars around the world.
156. The Committee notes the importance of the role of traditional education, particularly in remote island communities.
For example, the contractor had to be paid a penalty of $2.3 million as a result of delays by the Organization in taking delivery of the initial design specifications for the first three releases.
"Concerned that Middle East children suffering from the effects of occupation, violence and terrorism are deprived of many basic rights under the Convention";
The Needs Assessment Mission will, inter alia, work with the National Elections Commission and other Sudanese and international stakeholders to assess practical and cost-effective United Nations system assistance activities, including the coordination role of UNMIS, to support the organization and conduct of credible elections.
Japanese Princess Gets Married Japanese Princess Sayako, the emperor's only daughter, was greeted by thousands of well-wishers as she prepared to marry a commoner at age 36 and leave the world's oldest monarchy.
As before, the crowd began hooting, but now, rather than come near, they threw things.
(b) At the final outcome.
The work undertaken by the National Commission on Truth and Reconciliation in 1990, and the publication of its report in 1991, were the first steps in this direction.
Such a process could also help to facilitate preparations for subsequent congresses.
Oh, I heard it was a great country with long history and deeply culture.
The methods used were said to include the following: punching and kicking, as well as beatings with a truncheon or a machete, bullets fired into the limbs, or electric shocks and bayonets pointed at the throat.
24. While the end of the cold war has fostered a new spirit of dialogue and cooperation at the global political level, there is a need to improve the international economic environment so that it is more conducive to the socio-economic development of developing countries, including through the fulfilment of commitments agreed to at the recent major United Nations conferences.
On 6 October 2006, counsel responded that on 17 January 1997, the European Committee on the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CPT) had visited the complainant and stated that allegations of ill-treatment were credible.
This occurred only days after the fatal shooting of an administrative court judge.
55. Malawi had rapidly gone from being a food-deficit nation to being a food-surplus nation and a food exporter. However, climate change would cause major setbacks to agriculture and food production.
"The Least Developed Countries Report 2002: Escaping the Poverty Trap" (UNCTAD/LDC/2002 and Overview) Statements
36. It was questionable whether it was relevant to report an indicator at the global level.
6. There is no specific requirement in the Convention in relation to regional representation on the Commission.
Researchers use stem-like immune cells to kill large tumors, but so far only researchers and mice are benefiting from this.
In that connection, the 24/7 network could be of assistance with fraud cases involving electronic evidence, particularly when the case was urgent.
San Francisco, Antioquia
A few mentioned generally that they were conducting research but did not specify the area or nature of that research.
Inhibitory control
Part II (Information on the Territory) addressed the historical process leading to the constitutional review; the rejection by the administering Power of the options of free association and integration; and the response of the other Non-Self-Governing Territories administered by the United Kingdom to the latter's policy.
Report of the United Nations Environment Assembly of the United Nations Environment Programme (A/69/25)
The process of deterioration has been intensified by the earthquake and the conflict in Nagorny—Karabakh, the energy crisis making it necessary to stop heating the schools and providing them with health and hygiene facilities.
" In other respects it has been a fine day for Moldorf.
At the same time, differences do not have to be denied.
He desired to be valued for himself, or for his work, which, after all, was an expression of himself
I feel good. But when I do leave, I will leave in place a strong young team that will continue to succeed for my successor.
The amount of $10,983,400 for non-post requirements reflects an increase of $612,000, mostly a result of the acquisition and replacement of information technology equipment and a significant increase in the insurance premium for ECA buildings.
:39721807-);46185263-"com10.cn" -To Be a Teacher or a Businessman To Be a Teacher 0r a BusinessmanMore and more students have chosen to enter the commercial field instead of the teaching field after graduating from colleges in recent years. It has become a trend
:: A fire alarm system, supplemented by fire extinguishers.
34. By 18 May, the deadline for applications, 57 political parties, nine coalitions, and three independent candidates had registered to participate in the elections.
In its application, Belgium maintains that Senegal, where Mr. Habré has been living in exile since 1990, has taken no action on its repeated requests to see Mr. Habré prosecuted in Senegal, failing his extradition to Belgium, for acts including crimes of torture and crimes against humanity.
Senado Square
Resolution 1465 (2003)
Prince of Wales Hospital
Recalling its previous resolutions concerning the situation in Somalia, in particular resolution 733 (1992), resolution 1744 (2007), resolution 1801 (2008), resolution 1811 (2008) and resolution 1814 (2008), and other relevant resolutions, namely resolution 1325 (2000), resolution 1502 (2003), resolution 1612 (2005), resolution 1674 (2006) and resolution 1738 (2006), and the statements of its President, in particular those of 14 June 2007 (S/PRST/2007/19) and 19 December 2007 (S/PRST/2007/49),
73. In parallel, the European Union is expected to continue its training of the Malian armed forces, which would also be supported in non-lethal areas by the Trust Fund.
In this regard, the analysing group noted the importance of Eritrea continuing to report on its progress in a manner consistent with commitments the States Parties had made through the adoption of the Cartagena Action Plan by providing information disaggregated by release through clearance, technical survey and non-technical survey.
Last revison date: 2005/12/30
Any unilateral act affecting the nature of Jerusalem can easily have much broader ramifications.
Where multipurpose equipment is in use it is important to be able to determine previous usage as an aid in investigating cross - contamination or the possibility thereof.
A receiving device then converts the digital signals back to analog using an audio decompressor, for playback.
Can you speed up the process?
At its forty-sixth session, in 2003, the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space endorsed the programme of workshops, training courses, symposiums and conferences planned for 2004.
Notes
4. Discussion of outline concerning Study on the modification of multilateral treaties between certain of the parties only (article 41 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties) 338 344 296
While eschewing activities that are directed at the economic exploitation of Antarctica, the international community needs to strengthen and coordinate ongoing programmes aimed at scientific study of the continent.
Amendments to this Act are anticipated to implement the Protocol for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serving International Civil Aviation, supplementary to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation (the Montreal Protocol).
Insert a blade through side of the box and out the side.
Dopamine is an important neurotransmitter.
Marshall has an unwise sexual relationship with other girls before he met Jessica.
This expertise allowed an excellent relationship to be developed between Loughborough University and Golden Arrow.
  The hills fill my heart with the sound of music   My heart wants to sing every thing every song it hears.
 The replenishment of these funds will continue to be critical to the performance of secretariat functions and to the proper functioning of the Committee, the exact amount of funding required being dependent on the work programme to be drawn up by the Committee.
Such a philosophy rests upon the uncomfortable notion that Africans, "joyous by nature, " as Chirac once said, are simply big children.
Dead scallops and shrimp in the area near the leak indicate that the pollution may be greater than reported, according to an energy expert.
The cross-regional group of women ambassadors -- I might mention that the Ambassadors of Togo and Ireland were part of that group -- were concerned that initial preparatory papers for the London Conference lacked any focus on the situation of women in Somalia, despite the gravity of their situation and the shared principles of resolution 1325 (2000).
The President of the French Republic has just recalled that France has a clear vision with regard to disarmament, as it does with regard to security.
Be careful! One false move and they might promote you.
3. The right to withdraw from the Treaty stipulated in Article X.1 is a genuine right of States Parties that should be respected.
 The recommendations and initiatives adopted at those conferences have set genuine priorities for the international community in the promotion of development.
19 September
When l wanted to be a writer, my father went berserk.
Community-based Exchange and Training Programme
The approval of the distribution plan is subject to the condition that its implementation is governed by the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 986 (1995), 1281 (1999), 1284 (1999), 1302 (2000), 1330 (2000), 1360 (2001), 1382 (2001), 1409 (2002), 1447 (2002) and 1454 (2002) and the memorandum of understanding (S/1996/356) and that, in case of inconsistency between the particular provisions of the plan, on the one hand, and the resolutions and the memorandum of understanding, on the other, the provisions of the latter
Replace the current paragraph 1 with the following:
2000-2001: 598,729 downloads of flagship publications
Dissemination of reports
First, a mentor or coach can help you to find new solutions to difficulties you may be having.
Without doubt, AVGis probably the most popular, free, antivirus software.
During the course of oxidation, peroxide values reach a peak and then decline.
HCFC phase-out management plans and sector plans for 11 countries had been submitted to the Executive Committee, and were under development in another 20 countries where UNDP was the lead agency.
56. In chapter V (Circumstances precluding wrongfulness), the transposition of the articles on State responsibility with regard to self-defence (draft article 21), countermeasures (draft article 22) and necessity (draft article 25) was unwise given the lack of practice of international organizations in those areas.
The General Assembly thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 110.
He mentioned the IASB's improvements project and the possibility that some of the text of the proposed guidelines would change as a result of the project.
RHETT: Yes, I know, but we don't need it
 34. In the initial budget forecast for the Conference, US$ 400,000 has been tentatively proposed for the biennium 1994-1995 for information activities of the Conference.
Backup 2 back upe.g. You can backup accounting records, business plans charts, graphs or confidential information on CDs for decades-safe and secure.
During an exchange of fire, a Georgian serviceman was shot dead.
Best interests of the child
The Committee was informed that Radio Okapi currently broadcasts from 9 different locations and regularly carries news reports produced at 13 locations.
Any duplication of safeguards must therefore be avoided.
(g) Public administration and development
List of countries by total primary energy consumption and production
He considered staff mobility to be an important aspect of change management, and in 2012, he would make an announcement regarding the rotation of staff.
Muhammad Sa'id Abu Arabi
190. Since the election of a civilian as head of State, there has been the political determination for Guinea to not only achieve the Millennium Development Goals but also to fulfil its commitments.
The prop shaft exit tunnel.
By visiting four neighbouring countries of the Syrian Arab Republic, my Special Representative also gathered a first-hand assessment of the regional consequences of the conflict.
They're reflective of Wall Street's callous indifference toward America's health, even when that health is literal.
But the results excluded the construction and retailing sectors, which had fared even worse over the period.So you are looking at recession, he concluded.
The Israeli army continued to resort to a clear policy of State terrorism.
Urban areas in Asia and the Pacific are growing at an unprecedented rate.
<www.un.org/depts/dpa>
Participation in major international forums and negotiations
Only inclusive discussions could produce consensus that would endure over time.
E.
Efforts continued to assist the Office of the Prosecutor-General with completion of the investigations into the serious crimes committed in 1999 and to assist the Government and the National Parliament in the implementation of the recommendations of the Truth, Reception and Reconciliation Commission and the Commission of Truth and Friendship.
For out of the overflow ofthe heart the mouth speaks.
Add a tin of potatoes to the mixture and stir them in well.
I hear about that more and more birds go to there living every year .
In this respect, we would like to request that the "Reply of the Government of Colombia" be included among the documents being considered by the Commission on Human Rights not as "Letter of the Government of Colombia" but with a title that does justice to its content, and we would like to suggest that the title be "Reply of the Government of Colombia to the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the human rights situation in Colombia".
They were standing at the window of a sweetstuff shop examining the wares exposed therein.
The Advisory Committee requested details concerning the number of civilian staff needed to service military aircraft and their functions.
At its fifty-eighth session, in December 2003, the General Assembly authorized the Secretary-General to establish a Special Account for UNMIL; decided to appropriate to the Special Account for UNMIL the amount of $564,494,300 for the period from 1 August 2003 to 30 June 2004, inclusive of the amount of $47,462,700 previously authorized by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for the operation of the Mission under the terms of section IV of General Assembly resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994 for the period from 1 August to 31 December 2003; also decided to apportion among Member States the amount of $450 million at a monthly rate of $40,909,090; further decided that there should be set off against the apportionment among Member States their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of $5,210,000 at a monthly rate of $473,636, representing the estimated staff assessment income approved for the Mission; and requested the Secretary-General to pursue, through collaboration between the United Nations Mission in Liberia, the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone and the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire, opportunities for optimizing, where possible, the provision and management of support resources and service delivery to the three missions (resolution 58/261 A).
(h) Continue to raise awareness about the relevant multilateral treaties or conventions that aim to prevent the proliferation of, or eliminate, weapons of mass destruction so as to contribute to their universality; and
(a) Election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council;
Coercion in treatment is also a particular concern among poor and indigenous women.
Two interlocutors questioned the Council's capacity to stay focused on long-term conflicts.
4. Many developing countries, including Zambia, were implementing structural adjustment programmes.
It seemed to him like turning over the leaves of a book.
Commanders of the Shaanxi Military District
(13) The Committee notes with concern the statements made by the authorities of the State party in the press stigmatizing Colombians in general, and Colombian refugees in particular, by linking them to the rising crime rate in Costa Rica (arts. 2, 20 and 26).
Persons or groups not considered terrorist can still be held accountable under national criminal laws as the situation does not invoke humanitarian law rights.
Technical advice, upon requests from Governments, to national policy makers to increase access and use of implementation tools, developed by UNEP and others for the sustainable use of natural resources, to forward the implementation of the Global Programme of Action, the regional seas conventions and related aspects of multilateral environmental agreements, IWRM, GRASP, coral reefs and other natural resources programmes (12 services), (GA 60/30, GA 60/31, SS.VIII/2, GC.23/5, GC.22/2 IV, GC.23/2, GC.22/2 III, GC.23/1 I, GC.22/9, GC.23/10, GA 56/226, UNEP/UNESCO/GRASP/IGM.1/2/Rev.1, GC.20/25, GC.21/24), (external partners: regional seas secretariats, European Union, UNDP, United Nations bodies and agencies (e.g., Division of Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea, UNESCO), secretariats of multilateral environmental agreements, including global biodiversity conventions and regional sea conventions and action plans, ICRI and ICRI members, including ICRI operational networks (ICRAN, GCRMN), IUCN, non-governmental organizations engaged in coral reef conservation), (multilateral environmental agreement link: Convention on the Law of the Sea, regional seas, Convention on Biological Diversity, Convention on Migratory Species, Ramsar Convention, ICRI, Basel and Stockholm conventions)
any idea where we can find him?
Article 230 This Law shall become operative as of July 1, 1994.
Decision Number Title Item Date of adoption Page
To others who migrated to Harlem, NewYork was merely the city in which they found themselves: Harlem was exactly what they wished to be. 10.
Newly renovated rooms had been reopened in the Conference Building.
44. Figure IX shows that the core ratio of 13 of the 23 OECD/DAC member countries was higher than 50 per cent in 2008, with only 6 below 40 per cent.
Richard Tom
9. Figure IV.3 illustrates the trend in total expenditure for all peacekeeping operations for 2011/12 and the four preceding years.
The state must mediate the struggle for water resources.
What would be its framework?
Basic cultural cooperation agreement between Ecuador and El Salvador.
(b) Ensure that the concept of joint marital property extends to intangible property, including pension and insurance benefits and other career assets, and take further legal measures as needed in order to compensate for the unequal share of women in unpaid work, including post-separation spousal payments; and
He reiterated that both the GEF and Montreal Protocol programmes did not depend on core funds and that country offices were compensated for their services.
In Spain, it's customary to take a great sweet sherry and make a little hole in a bowl of ice cream and fill it with the cream sherry.
I know you want adventure and, be that as it may, the Foreign Legion is not as glamorous as it appears in the films.
Yes, I want to buy some meat, fish, bread, and eggs.
Mr. Thomson (United Kingdom): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the 25 European Union member States.
Training
And the only way to get it out is have I'd love to have whoever's killing off my family's head on a platter.
A/C.4/61/SR.2-9
It's also possible to have a general exception handler that will respond to any thrown exception.
I would be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
It remains the right framework to combat the trade in diamonds from conflict zones.
So the support vector machines (SVM) whose generalization is good are used for finish inspection.
UNDP/SUM, in collaboration with UNDP country offices, would support countries to formulate and implement national policies and actions plans to address the constraints that hamper the development of the microfinance sector.
The Governor also reported that the Police Department, among other initiatives, had established Project Safe Neighbourhood, a gun recovery and enforcement initiative.
(a) Establish and conduct frameworks for dialogue and consultation and consider the contribution of various stakeholders, in order to develop a national consensus on questions related to peacebuilding and to develop a vision which engages the leadership and people of Burundi in a process of consolidation of democracy and peace;
Training for delegations
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace.
1. Opening of the session by the Chairman of the delegation of Bulgaria (D.1).
However, UNFPA does not apply all JIU requirements as part of current practice, particularly the committee review of external auditor performance or that of other staff members of internal audit.
With respect to training priorities in the region, the respondents ranked vulnerability studies as the top priority, followed by the need for research and systematic observation, adaptation and greenhouse inventories.
17. While appreciating the State party's efforts to review and revise discriminatory legislation, including discriminatory provisions in its Personal Status Act, Penal Code and Nationality Act, the Committee is concerned about the delay in the law reform process and notes that many amendments are still in the process of being drafted and bills that have been drafted have yet to be adopted.
A delegation-of-authority policy to support 18 special political missions was promulgated, thereby clarifying the lines of accountability and responsibility between the Department of Field Support and the Department of Political Affairs in that regard.
Macroeconomic policy questions: international trade and
2012 in Angola
So researchers the world over are seeking ways to get around the rejection reactions for xenotransplants.
This matter is being discussed from a budgetary perspective in the context of the consideration of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2012 - 2013.
33. Those mechanisms, it was emphasized, complemented the efforts of States through bilateral or multilateral channels.
sir, she sees you!
Accordingly, the Panel recommends no compensation.
15. In support of the above control measures, the Independent Evaluation Office and UNDP need to collaborate to update and expand the Handbook on Planning, Monitoring and Evaluating for Development Results, particularly in such areas as gender equity, creating and maintaining evaluation partnerships, joint evaluation, protecting independence, and evaluation ethics for managers.
7. One of the challenges to space cooperation was undoubtedly the long-term sustainability of space activities, a concern made more pressing by the recent collisions between objects in space and the proliferation of space debris, which threatened the entire world and not just those countries engaged in space activities.
While it is not practical to list all the relevant mandates, the mandates collectively form the basis for the preparation of proposals for the period 2014-2015.
66. Transitional justice mechanisms and disarmament, demobilization and reintegration initiatives have both come to play increasingly important roles in assisting States in their transition from violence to peace.
2002 Bali bombings
This is my ide that it is impossible that God should mean to part us.
X. Additional views
From 19 to 21 March, nearly all UNIKOM personnel and its two helicopters were evacuated by air to safe havens at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy, and at Dhaka.
Draft resolutions: International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon (A/C.2/59/L.8 and L.23)
7. The Committee regrets that the State party's periodic report did not contain statistics regarding the ethnic composition of the persons living in its territory.
The primary objectives of global-level action are to raise awareness of the challenges of sustainable urbanization and to mainstream urban poverty reduction and pro-poor housing and urban development in official development assistance.
241. After a review of staffing needs across the Mission, the following changes are proposed for 2011:
At the conclusion of the primary cycle, pupils sit for the primary school leaving certificate examination, which also determines their eligibility for entry into secondary school;
The Preparatory Commission for the Conference accredited those organizations (see A/CONF.223/PC/8 and A/CONF.223/PC/5).
All of the harm from the Shadow inflicted on the adversary drains life.
Several speakers indicated that their Governments or organizations were providing international technical assistance in the area of justice for children, while others called on the international community to provide such support.
'O, please let me, ' said the Mole. So, of course, the Rat let him.
Competence galvanizes people, and will make them look to you for guidance and direction.
But the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules earlier this year to allow foreign issuers to use International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS, instead of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
The first has to do with its preference for the peaceful way of resolving this crisis and not responding in kind in terms of force as long as it is possible to regain Ethiopia's full sovereignty over its land without recourse to war.
The working groups are engaged under the auspices of the Partnership Steering Committee, which convened in September 2009.
Judicial settlement of international disputes, through a judicial process following general and special international law, for the benefit of States.
(e) Progress in helping host countries in the provision of assistance to refugees and others of concern to UNHCR and in strengthening their local capacity to cope with related issues
Moreover, the Committee observes what appears to be a tendency to request funding for consultants and experts every time a new political mission is established as if no or very little capacity existed in the Secretariat.
Specific and urgent measures shall be taken and mechanisms developed to remove barriers to the development and transfer of technologies arising from intellectual property rights protection, in particular:
Pathalgaon
At its sixty-first session, the General Assembly decided (a) to request the Secretary-General to submit to the Assembly at its sixty-second session a report on the rights of the child, containing information on the status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the issues addressed in the resolution; (b) to request the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict to continue to submit reports to the Assembly and the Human Rights Council on the progress achieved and the remaining challenges on the children and armed conflict agenda; (c) to invite the independent expert for the United Nations study on violence against children to promote the wide dissemination of the United Nations study on violence against children, to give support to the first year of effective follow-up to its recommendations and to submit to the Assembly at its sixty-second session a report on progress made in the initial phase of follow-up and to anticipate the necessary strategy for follow-up to the implementation of the study; (d) to reiterate its invitation to the Chairman of the Committee on the Rights of the Child to present an oral report on the work of the Committee to the Assembly at its sixty-second session; and (e) to continue its consideration of the question at its sixty-second session under the item entitled "Promotion and protection of the rights of children", focusing section III of the resolution on the rights of the child on "Violence against children" (resolution 61/146).
Once they were martyred,as a reward for their martyrdom, their spirit goes straight to heaven to be with Jesus immediately You bypass some bad waiting room type experience if you're martyred.
The meeting also addressed issues related to the coverage and sustainability of social security and pension schemes, including the low levels of coverage in many parts of the world and the measures that Governments are taking to modify pension systems so as to reduce or control the projected strains on public budgets that population ageing will bring.
Paragraphs 7, 13 and 16
You should never put a cutter cotton swab or other object into the ear canal.
Total, part XII
(iii) Production, including editing and preparation for reproduction, of official records and meeting records; editing and processing of parliamentary documentation and technical publications; establishment of editorial standards; issuance of drafting and editorial directives and instructions;
Civil service is operating in a more effective and responsive way, fostering improved delivery of basic services
Luke wrote to Theopholis, probably a Gentile who was either a new believer or someone seeking to learn about Jesus.
Recalling also its decision CRC-8/3, adopted at its eighth meeting in accordance with paragraph 6 of Article 5 of the Convention, in which it recommended to the Conference of the Parties that it should list trichlorfon (CAS No. 52-68-6) in Annex III to the Convention as a pesticide,
He acknowledged the importance of synergies between the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
The present report reviews implementation issues of IFRS by the approximately 1,200 United Kingdom companies with shares or bonds listed on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.
Similarly, the efforts to ensure market access for African products on the world market had not had the desired impact in view of the supply-side constraints.
23. With a few exceptions, the situation of Greek Cypriots living in the Karpas area has not improved.
B: 	Don't tell me they had no vegeburgers!
The car could hardly get along on the slope.
5-6 p.m.
June 2008
 477. The representative said that no legal measures discriminated against women with regard to political participation. However, although they had increased their participation, statistics showed that in practice women had not reached the highest levels equitably and continuously.
While no refugee shelters were reported to have been demolished, a considerable number of dwellings outside camps were demolished on the grounds that proper building permits had not been obtained.
IX. Language incentives
The news that we see those use network abduct children sometimes filled with apprehension.
Provisional recognition or its withdrawal is decided by the IOC Executive Board for a specific or an indefinite period.
It was a fast freight, and she went some.
Zhoushan Island
Careful monitoring and constant assessment of public policies during their life cycle allows said policies to be adapted to changing external circumstances, or newly observed internal shortcomings in the policy.
She always holds to her principles.
What's the size your shoes? What about this pair?
Human white Blood Cells-A restrictor enzyme used in research labs to snip and combine DNA
8 coordinated task forces and working groups with internal/external partners for complex, multidimensional peacekeeping operations
The present report identifies a number of indications that demonstrate improvements in gender representation in the United Nations Secretariat.
Therefore, the Committee should declare his case admissible and review it on the merits.
I apologize, I'll get those files for you now.
Maldives
(d) Supporting national, regional and international initiatives that develop and increase the capacity and development impact of the financial services industry in small island developing States;
This is Chinas first manned venture since it tested an anti-satellite missile in January 2007.
Madagascar
Harmful traditional practices included not only female genital mutilation but many others.
These protocols must ensure legal and social assessment and support;
Rímac District
Phases of Venus
There are still lessons to be learned, of course.
(c) Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing.
The Committee's annual report for 2010 (S/2010/688) was issued on 31 December 2010.
Brideshead Revisited
But when he opened the door the king was standing there and said to him: My son, what are you thinking of, where are you off to in such a hurry?
1. Mr. Zackheous (Cyprus), speaking as Chairman of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country, introduced the Committee’s report contained in document A/52/26, saying that between 22 December 1996 and 13 November 1997, the period covered by the report, the Committee had held 10 meetings and had continued to deal with a wide range of matters of significance to the United Nations diplomatic community and the host country.
In addition, strategic issues on evaluation were regularly discussed through EvalNet and other UNDP networks.
Energy
II. Conclusions and/or recommendations
Rule 108.6
A good example from the practice are protected "User sites" of the CPII.
Some students with relatively severe impairments, apart from those placed in special schools, are able to study in special classes at ordinary schools (including small special education classes). Schools thus can sometimes afford them and ordinary students an opportunity to indulge and interact in certain courses and activities. Students with less severe impairments will be merged into ordinary classes and study the same courses as ordinary students, taking part in any activities arranged for ordinary students.
Implement policies and strategies to promote workers rights, social dialogue and social protection.
Faye Yu
120. Under the terms of paragraphs 1 to 3 of its decision 25/117, the Council:
25. Measurements on the ICT sector have also taken place in a way that maximizes international comparability, something that was always in demand from policy makers.
Bolivians also ask why foreigners reap all the benefits of today’s high prices for oil and gas?
Strong command of written English for daily E-mail communication.
Meanwhile, the collective accommodation available in Serbia is full and generally in poor condition.
As a result of being served on a human body, the temperature of the sushi or sashimi comes closer to body temperature.
160. Also welcomes the work of the Consultative Process over the past nine years and the contribution of the Consultative Process to improving coordination and cooperation between States and strengthening the annual debate of the General Assembly on oceans and the law of the sea, further welcomes the attempts to improve and focus the work of the Consultative Process, and decides to continue the Consultative Process for the next two years, in accordance with resolution 54/33, with a further review of its effectiveness and utility by the Assembly at its sixty-fifth session;
There was a strong focus on training, with UNHCR learning programmes now including modules on cluster responsibilities and skills.
" Heaven and earth! " exclaimed Helen, " What will become of me? "
This includes most of the affected countries and many former users, producers and stockpilers.
Over the past five years, the export of green food has shot up 40 percent annually, and has been accepted by over 40 of China's trading partners.
Regardless of the frequency and gravity of such incidents, the State party should ensure that all allegations are investigated.
If you see stuff and go like I love it Then don't get it What size are you?
12. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/54/L.46 (see para. 14, draft resolution II).
If representatives have the chance to consider document A/61/159, they will find included the reports submitted up to 2005 by Member States that grasped the significance of doing so.
 Data on contributions for 1992 are contained in tables 8 and 9 of DP/1993/58/Add.1, while a guide to the classification and definition of contributions and expenditures is given in the annex to this report.
391. The Commission on Neighbourly Relations is a bilateral policy-making and representative mechanism and is responsible for promoting binational integration, cooperation and development with a focus on the border integration region.
10. The Group welcomes the adoption by the IAEA Board of Governors of the Code of Conduct on the Safety and Security of Radioactive Sources, and supports the subsequent adoption by the Board of a comprehensive Action Plan for its implementation.
That had happened during the first week of the present session, when a concurrent meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) had made it necessary for the Subcommittee to postpone until the second week its consideration of agenda item 5, concerning outer space benefits.
To that end, his delegation urged the Secretary-General to include recommendations in his next report on ways in which the Human Rights Council could investigate and respond to Israel's human rights violations in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
H. Protection of asylum-seekers
Flexible schedules have been shown to increase morale, loyalty and productivity; enhance recruiting; and decrease occurrences of unscheduled absences.
Primate models of amnesia: Contribution of specific medial temporal - lobe areas.
To give a definition of a word is more difficult than to give an illustration of its use.
Grief-stricken families searched the woods, the local buildings, and all the houses and barns, but there was no sign of the missing girls.
Rule 11
Balance at 1 January
Implementing mobility has obvious financial implications.
The structure of the farmers' sources of personal income had also undergone change throughout the nineties.
It is hoped that the recommendations will be interpreted in a constructive manner, in cooperation and open dialogue with religious minority communities in the light of the obligations of States to implement human rights standards effectively in practice.
In indicator of achievement (d) (ii), delete "as well as in the development through local integration strategy".
The Assembly requested the Secretary-General to keep those two issues under review, in the light of its resolution 50/11 of 2 November 1995, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session, through the Committee on Conferences, on their impact on the quality of conference services provided.
If this control were carried out in the form of increased tariffs or duties, it would conflict with a trade treaty maintained by China and Australia at that time, which absolutely limited restrictive tariffs and duties.
Alcântara, Maranhão
It is a fact that any action or omission by an organization that is incompatible with the rules of general customary law or the provisions of a treaty to which it is a party constitutes an internationally wrongful act that will be attributable to that organization.
The real challenge for the future, says chief executive and founder Huang Ming, is whether the company is ready for the continuing growth in demand over the next decades.
6. The following officers continued to serve on the Bureau of the Committee:
Sweden
packaging machinery general operation time
Monitoring Committee on the Implementation of the Recommendations of the Task Force
Moreover, the report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran had been issued at the Committee's own request.
The MCHCs and WHCs act as a major and easily accessible contact point for all families and their children.
General Assembly, fifty-third session, Plenary
(b) Request for the inclusion of an additional sub-item: note by the Secretary-General (A/57/231)
Ha, the rivers and lakes are originally such rush!
The Internal Security Act of 1960 also enables Malaysia to take appropriate effective preventive action to deal with any threat to its national security.
Friday, 24 October
For example, without help only 5 percent of smokers can quit but that number rises to 30 percent when people seek both drug therapy and counseling.
 Strongly regretting, nevertheless, that the decision of the Conference on Disarmament to adopt the report of the then Special Coordinator for Membership, and the recommended composition attached to it, taken at the end of the 1995 session did not result in the immediate expansion of its membership,
There was a nobleman in Chu state. One day, he awarded his servants a bottle of wine.
Member, Expert Group on the Deep Sea Vehicle Technology and Equipment Project under the Chinese National High Technology Research and Development Programme Educational background
`Yes,' she answered; `because he always made such a great deal of his sufferings, you know.
Serious concerns also exist about the role of Uzbekistan as a proxy detention site.
We note with satisfaction the successful implementation of the Special Programme for Development of Africa by the Islamic Development Bank Group.
11 a.m. - 1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 7 (NLB)
Neoteric Chinese artists made different choice to the intruding of western art, including that of watercolor.
36. The National Institute against Discrimination, Xenophobia and Racism carried out the following activities, among others:
The Institute a cavernous motion - capture lab that looks like a movie studio - and with good reason.
Measures have been taken: extension, awareness-raising with respect to regularization of informal matrimonial situations.
:: Dismantling more nuclear warheads in order to bring the size of its stockpile down to levels unseen since the administration of President Dwight Eisenhower -- many years before the NPT came into force;
The selling price mainly depends on the cost of raw material.
Any Party included in Annex I or acting under Article 10 that is in compliance with its obligations under this Protocol may transfer to, or acquire from, any other Party included in Annex I or acting under Article 10, any of its emissions allowed for the purpose of meeting its commitments under Article 3.
He stressed that the share of LDCs in the world export of goods and services had been declining, exacerbating the marginalization of LDCs in the global economy.
Party leaders approved draft plan last month for the restructuring, but the details remain secret.
A provisional understanding was reached regarding the final outcome of the work: while some States favoured non-binding guidelines, there was no objection to the suggestion that work should proceed in the form of draft articles, whose ultimate binding force could be decided at a later stage.
Bobby went, returned and said, boss, only one person selling watermelon. .2 per kg, for 10kg, he has inventory of 340 melons.
As the basis for the regulatory action included health concerns, the regulatory action would be broadly applicable to other countries.
The Committee also notes a lack of information concerning the situation of women in science and technology.
"I stick to entertainment shows on my radio. "[2
AC/1430
Wednesday, 25 October 2006, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 5.30 p.m. in Conference Room 9;
Fifty-third session
2. Reiterate our determination to put an end to impunity for perpetrators of the most serious crimes of international concern, with full respect for international fair trial standards, and thus to contribute to the prevention of such crimes that threaten the peace, security and well-being of the world;
In the case of this account, support costs for the biennium are principally posts ($1,178,700) and a fixed contribution to the United Nations Office at Nairobi ($336,000).
27. Council members will recall that the helicopter assigned to UNOMIG began its operations at the beginning of June.
In considering this provision, the Committee notes the State party's argument that the crucial date was 9 June 2000, when the author was dismissed from her position as a teacher.
(i) Recurrent publications: laws and regulations adopted by States parties to the drug control and organized crime conventions to implement those conventions (60); printing of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto (1);
(a) Increased number of ESCAP member States indicating that they have benefited from ESCAP-promoted regional cooperation mechanisms devoted to information and communications technology connectivity, space applications and disaster risk reduction and management
The IPCC worksheet 1-1 containing estimates of CO2 emissions from fuel combustion using the IPCC reference approach and a table for comparing estimates under this reference approach with national estimates, as well as providing explanations of any significant differences;
Premises maintenance and handover period
The Law for Support and Financial Compensation of Victims of Crimes does not cover moral damages at all.
32. OPCW, together with the Government of Ukraine and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Euro-Atlantic Disaster Response Coordination Centre, conducted a major field exercise, "Joint Assistance 2005", in L'viv, Ukraine, from 9 to 13 October 2005.
Particular concern was expressed with respect to reports of the use of anti-personnel mines in Yemen.
The initial report was therefore very informative and provided a candid picture of the situation of women in Timor-Leste.
This explanation did not justify the visa denials.
I wish to pay a special tribute to the Chairman of the Fourth Committee, Ambassador Madhu Raman Acharya of Nepal.
If you feel you really must to meet a cyber friend, always tell your parents or a trusted friend about the place and time of the meeting, and give them some details about the cyber friend, such as their email address or number. This information will help others save you if anything goes wrong.
Within the newly increased savings and deposits , fixed - period deposits accounted for 72.15 %.
They will start to love someone who would also love them back.
Select the On resume, require logon check box, set a time after which to start the screen saver, and then click Apply.
I would like to request that the report be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
6.4.23 Applications for approval and approvals for radioactive material transport
16 April 2013
Therefore, there is a window in which it will be possible to accelerate and complete the spending of the funds allocated under the current extension of the Strategic Country Programme to 31 March 2005.
Ms. Cori Ong, TES-AMM (Singapore) Pte Ltd.
A. Purpose
It is imperative that the Taliban cease the harassment of humanitarian workers and make a firm commitment to the humanitarian operational requirements described above.
4. The Russian Federation considers that the continuation of the commercial, economic and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba is not in keeping with the spirit of the times and the state of modern international relations, is a remnant of the cold war and ideological confrontation and is hindering the establishment of a new, just world order for the twenty-first century based on the fundamental principles of the Charter of the United Nations and international law.
STEPHEN Stick, no.
Low target accuracy is compensated or with several missiles per salvo.
He fell and hit his head on the corner of a box.45
Page
Moreover, the problem of (de-)nuclearization of the country poses a long-standing, intricate challenge for the Korean peninsula and the international community as a whole.
Article 263 (b) of the Constitution of Haiti (1987) establishes the Haitian National Police.
Please hurry.
Ravenwood's no Nazi.
So what?
These blankets reflect radio waves and make tanks invisible to the opposing side's radar.
6.6 The complainant submits to the Committee that on 11 January 2006 he had been in contact with his brother in Bangladesh, who informed him of the continuing interest of the police in the complainant and his wife and children.
A third specialised prosecutor has been assigned the specific task of combating the financing of terrorism.
Regarding the peace-keeping operations of the United Nations, common experience urges us to require improvements in their planning and execution.
(a) The integrated programmes focused on the above-mentioned priority themes.
59. Mali noted the social and economic development that Uruguay had achieved, and the numerous initiatives it had carried out to better implement the accepted recommendations.
“China had been looking for opportunities” to improve ties with both Tokyo and Taipei, says Shi Yinhong of Renmin University.
Compiègne
(a) The Convention;
16. The Group concluded that the Register had made significant progress since its inception and that it had entered a period of increased participation.
Such schemes often involve the misuse of Government-issued travel documents.
This is the next-to-last shuttle mission and the final spacewalks of the program scheduled, meant to leave the space station in the best condition possible for the next decade.
Stories of suicide ghosts address a kind of suicide neglected by the law.
(a) Report on UNCTAD XI multi-stakeholder partnerships
Hawaiian Electric Industries
1. The Commission considered item 4 of its agenda at the 5th and 6th meetings, on 4 and 5 May 1994.
7. Adoption of the report
Although seriously overstretched, the Costa Rican authorities were able to cope, and only limited international assistance was required.
Candidates may arrive at the Southern Campus of Jilin University by bus No.222, No.13 or No.315. It will take around 30 minutes by walking from the gate of the university to the teaching building of Economic Information Institute.
As our eyes scan different parts of the portrait, Mona's smile seems to fade in and out.
Retired former staff were engaged for longer work periods, as indicated by the increase of 99 per cent in the number of days worked over the biennium.
This machine is used in the surface grinding process of disc type work.
The grounding technology is one of the important Methods: To restrain noise and against disturbing.
UNEP/POPS/COP.7/3
Glossiness raise more than 28 degrees;
Battle of Port Republic
No, no!
 The United Nations contribution to the ITC budget amounted to $17.5 million during the same period.
The method is applied to the determination of ascorbic acid in vitamin C tablet with satisfactory results.
I was beginning to enjoy the look.
KUFPEC's claim is based on the difference in the net present value of two estimated cash flow scenarios.
Then say "vasectomy." don't say "snipped."
This is the number of employees reflected in full time status, e.g. two employees working each 50 per cent equal one full-time equivalent.
Put me back in the water and let me swim away.
10. During the course of 2013, five review visits and one review mission were conducted to Process members to ensure peer review monitoring and compliance with the minimum requirements of the Process. Participation
5.4 Concerning the release of his brothers after his escape, the complainant contends that the very fact of their arrest shows that he is not a person in whom the authorities have no interest.
With the use of the resistance to sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine is developing fast, with treatment failure being reported in all malaria areas.
13. Since the establishment of the first United Nations peacekeeping operation, there have been a series of phases, responding to shifting global patterns of conflict.
To address this technology challenge for NASA, the microbial check valve was developed and has been used on every space shuttle mission to prevent the growth of pathogens in the crew's drinking-water supply.
The rebel army is attempting to subvert the government.
United Nations Development Programme
I can't take this.  I'm going to the police.
(b) Engage their advisers, peers, Geneva and New York-based ambassadors, media, selected advocacy groups;
During the period under review two readership surveys were conducted.
A. Applicable to Mission area
(Signed) Giulio Terzi di Sant'Agata Chairman
Publications
Venue:      Loke Yew Hall, HKU
There is no state-funded child care service available for working mothers.
In addition to all this, city - dwellers live under constant threat.
We need to hold the banner of humanitarianism high, to quote the new Emergency Relief Coordinator.
Will Charles Farmer be allowed to launch his rocket?
Report of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on its fifty-fourth session and provisional agenda for its fifty-fifth session
(o) Enhance efforts at incorporating marginalized illicit drug crop-farming communities into broader development programmes in order to reduce illicit crop production;
13. The Committee recognizes as positive the efforts made by the State party to prevent gross human rights violations through the introduction of the Early Warning System (SAT) of the Ombudsman, designed to prevent displacement and other serious human rights violations.
Executive Board
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Oslo Group on Energy Statistics
Though he supported the deal after it was signed and opposed withdrawing from it, Trump could use Engel’s own position on Iran to push him to adopt a more aggressive posture or risk appearing “weak” on national security.
Diversity among the individual learners is deemed to be a key issue in ensemble learning.
10. Other business.
Original: English
19. Calls upon States to give serious consideration to responding favourably to requests by the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries;
17. In 2010, the Occupied Palestinian Territory had received only $290 million, which was half of its funding needs, through the Consolidated Appeals Process, making the Territory one of the most under-covered emergency areas in the world.
The required full powers should in this case be submitted to the Treaty Section, Office of Legal Affairs.
110. Also, in December 2009, a group of 12 EU Member States among which Romania, presented a proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and the Council on the European protection order.
Many, no doubt; and I shall be called discontented
A. The reforms
The warehouse administrator wants to find all orders related to a specific customer. Here is the query
They are going on a date.
He must be out of his mind to do that. How can you bear such an insult?
 The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make the following statement on behalf of the Council (S/PRST/1994/10):
8. The Special Rapporteur continued to have regular contacts with the Permanent Mission of Myanmar to the United Nations Office at Geneva.
Welcoming also the continuing cooperation between the Committee and the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in particular on technical assistance and capacitybuilding, and all other United Nations bodies, and encouraging further engagement with the CounterTerrorism Implementation Task Force to ensure overall coordination and coherence in the counterterrorism efforts of the United Nations system,
A documented procedure shall be established to define the controls needed: a)       to approve documents for adequacy prior to issue, b)       to review and update as necessary and re-approve documents, c)       to ensure that changes and the current revision status of documents are identified, d)       to ensure that relevant versions of applicable documents are available at points of use, e)       to ensure that documents remain legible and readily identifiable, f)         to ensure that documents of external origin are identified and their distribution controlled, and g)       to prevent the unintended use of obsolete documents, and to apply suitable identification to them if they are retained for any purpose.
Land that was previously under-utilized is now being utilized through urban renewal and re-development under the Civil Servants Programmes;
Target 2008-2009: 4.6 million page views of the United Nations Information Services web page
As the process that created the carbon tetrachloride byproduct was continuous, the Party would always have a quantity of carbon tetrachloride remaining at the end of each year which could not be put to its intended feedstock use until the following year.
This is where gold bulls come in
Fluorescent Derivatization-High Performance Liquid Chromatography in the Determination of Environmental Estrogens in Human Serum
Capacity Building:
MAL 11(4)
States Members are also to ensure that no funds, financial assets or economic resources are made available to, or for the benefit of, designated individuals and entities by their nationals or by any individuals or entities within their territories.
killing or causing bodily harm to Her Majesty;
Rapporteur: Mr. Noel González Segura (Mexico)
any plant of the genus Shortia; evergreen perennial herbs with smooth leathery basal leaves and showy white solitary flowers.
You may leave whenever you please.
In recent years, the United Nations human rights institutions have undergone long-awaited reform.
Self-adhesive Stamp Set of 6
Member States are expected to play a vital role in this respect by sending a clear signal/message, through proper legislative action, to the secretariats of the organizations in the United Nations system.
It also considered that posts and positions vacant for more than one year were nonessential or unnecessary; they should therefore be reviewed and abolished as required.
One may get blue is because they are tired. Take a vacation may have great help.
I wish they would change the menu.
At the Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific, two out of 10 special service agreements examined likewise did not comply with the requirement.
Most of the speakers called for more proactive participation by member States in the process of elaborating draft agreed conclusions.
Paragraph 2 - The rights and guarantees set forth in this Constitution shall not exclude others deriving from the regime and from the principles adopted by it, or from the international treaties in which the Federative Republic of Brazil is a party.
 Such a study might assist States to learn from one another the national measures undertaken to implement the Convention;
4. Special procedures working groups
Then a careful calculation of the expenditure compelled him to think twice before he made the final decision.
Second, two daughters of Ms. Shin do not regard Oh as their father since he abandoned his family and drove their mother to her death.
2009-044B
37. Efforts to combat corruption include both preventive and punitive measures.
The river was sliding darkly under the mist.
Seo Ji-seok
Similarly, rather than condemning the adoption of terrorist tactics by the Taliban in Afghanistan, Boko Haram in Nigeria, and al-Shabaab in Somalia, and the destruction of Sufi shrines in Mali by Ansar Dine, a radical Islamist sect, Muslim leaders have remained largely silent.
Within the industrial processes sector, the combined carbon dioxide equivalent emissions of HFCs and PFCs in 1995 was estimated to be less than 20 per cent.
Right. You'll get scrap without following the rules.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (signed on 9 June 1981)
(c) Increased utilization of meetings services allocated to intergovernmental and expert bodies and special conferences in accordance with the resolutions, rules and established language arrangements
In addition to national developments this could enhance and accelerate the expansion of IFRS, contributing to the harmonization of accounting regulations in Germany.
Our service is that credibility is above all else not the biggest but the best.
36. CEDAW urged Tunisia to take all necessary measures to protect women domestic workers from economic exploitation and sexual violence.
Furthermore, in view of the numerous important applications of space research and remote sensing, international cooperation in this field can constitute a useful basis for international development. THAILAND
Israeli occupying forces also committed other attacks in Palestinian cities in the West Bank, including Nablus, Jenin and Ramallah.
72. The excellent natural resource endowment can provide the basis for a rapid upturn in the economy over the medium term, which can provide the financial resources to address social issues without recourse to sizeable external borrowing.
The illegal armed groups continue to disregard the recommendations.
Even though all women are at risk of experiencing violence, not all women are equally susceptible to acts of violence.
Oklahoma City was never closer than 17 in the second half.
This rule repealed the previous Law no. 6 of 21 January 2010, which allowed in some cases to exclude the criminal sanction.
Revised March
The secretariat will also participate in the design and possible implementation of a technical assistance project to strengthen Palestinian customs capacity in preparation for Palestine's eventual accession to WCO.
A spokesman for the Government thanked the contributions of Prof Young to the Council. He said, "Over his past six years of service, the RGC has evolved considerably under his able leadership into a major and respected academic research funding body which has helped develop a robust and vibrant research culture in our higher education institutions in Hong Kong.
Yeah, I'll meet you there.
16. Decides to remain actively seized of this matter.
Some kinds of congenital cataract showed accelerated changes in preoperative VA, especially in the CDNC.
After he was defeated by a boxer called Gentleman Jackson, he was quickly forgotten.
2. On 15 May, the Chair of the AWG-LCA, Mr. Aysar Tayeb (Saudi Arabia), opened the session and welcomed all Parties and observers.
In February he backed out of a planned performance during the Grammy Awards telecast.
said Danglars, he is not one yet.
10. The report is structured as follows:
Dash it! I've cut my hand on a broken bottle.
It lasts between three months and one year.
Reduction of time spent in project formulation
Frivolous talk is hurtful talk ; besides, it is unbecoming to be chatterbox.
19. Financing of the Military Observer Group of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala [151]
So I not only let her recite for me, but also made a conversation with her in different roles.
A.26.42 Requirements amounting to $30,100, at the maintenance level, will cover visits to depository libraries, visits to libraries in other duty stations and attendance at inter-agency meetings.
It is also actively involved in strengthening measures to prevent the theft of nuclear materials.
It is clear that a criminal law approach on its own will not be sufficient to deal with the problem of human trafficking.
The failure at Cancun had shown that drastic reforms to the multilateral system and WTO were required and that the urgent needs of the developing countries could no longer be disregarded.
Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, thirty-eighth session [General Assembly resolution 1472 A (XIV)]
A related cause for concern was the closure by court order of the Empirical Research and Women's Study Centre in 1999, in view of the importance to legal reform initiatives of research on women's issues.
D. The gendered role of women in society and the family
33. Excusing of a judge, the Prosecutor or a Deputy Prosecutor
Countries should establish mechanisms for consultation with all relevant groups, including women’s organizations.
In America today, with an overhang of household debt and high uncertainty, tax cuts are likely to be ineffective (as they were in Japan in the 1990’s).  Much, if not most, of last February’s US tax cut went into savings.
Another huge plus : the Mac isn't susceptible to the vast majority of viruses and spyware.
(African group)
It summarizes the views of statistical training providers about gaps in existing knowledge and skills, and strategies or approaches that have recently been adopted (and how they have worked) and/or strategies that are being considered and tested to meet the needs in the region and the reasons for these choices.
 The terrorism and oppression carried out by the Israeli occupying authority constitute a gross violation of human rights, legitimate international resolutions and the Fourth Geneva Convention, which applies to occupied territories.
In the annual address, President Nazarbayev highlights priorities of our country as a Chair-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe for 2010 on the basis of the four "T's: trust, traditions, transparency and tolerance".
24. My Special Representative continued to support regional initiatives and cooperation programmes through his good offices, in particular through the Kabul Silk Road initiative, which he co-chairs with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and which is attended by representatives of countries in the broader region.
During the early days of the Asian crisis, data on its social impact were incomplete and incorrect and the capacity to collect them was weak.
non discrimination of citizens, regardless of the grounds for awarding citizenship;
"Reaffirming that democracy, development, peace and security, and the full and effective enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms are interdependent and mutually reinforcing and contribute to the eradication of extreme poverty,
Mr. Tommo Monthe (Cameroon) (spoke in French): First of all, I would like to warmly congratulate all the judges who have been elected.
It regrets that, due to the lack of trust in the formal judicial system, many land-dispute issues have been left to informal dispute resolution mechanisms, and that discriminatory practices have provided certain ethnic groups with preferential access to land to the detriment, in particular, of the Kuchis.
I am taking it seriously, hon, but can you all tell me something?
The request was a step in the right direction towards building a "core and surge" approach to Secretariat capacities to meet the requirements of peacekeeping commitments, but more work was needed to build an adequate model.
Health and nutrition
They're women. they're people too.
The stuffy room made her lethargic.
(iii) Increased percentage of women in the police and law enforcement agencies
This house is the place where I spent my childhood.
Avianca Flight 011
Don't eat snacks all day, let's have something nutritive.
This is a hammock station. You can dangle to wait for the arrival of public transportation.
If you are not happy with your life then change it.
Canada bans corporal punishment for children under two and over twelve years of age, as well as the use of any objects such as a paddle.
DEPOSITARY
Chairman: Ms. Schroderus-Fox (Vice-Chairman) (Finland)
:: Convention No. 69 of the International Labour Organization concerning the Certification of Ships' Cooks; Indonesia ratified it through Presidential Decree No. 4/1992.
In December 1997, it was estimated that the net new cash flow into the entire mutual fund industry in the United States was about $21 billion, bringing the value of net assets of mutual funds in the United States to $4.5 trillion.
Today’s populism advances a toxic new xenophobia, one that threatens to fracture our societies.
5. Decides to remain actively seized of the matter.
International Convention Relating to Intervention on the High Seas in Cases of Oil Pollution Casualties, Brussels, 29 November 1969 (Sovereign Ordinance No. 5584 of 20 May 1975);
The squeeze on corporate profits has crimped investment in plant and equipment -- traditionally a big driver of Japanese economic growth.
A: Since the earthquake stroke Wenchuan, we have received great support and assistance from the international community.
The Special Representative is deeply concerned that this and other agricultural land concessions constitute a direct threat to tens of thousands of people who are dependant on the land in question to secure their basic livelihood.
IV. The situation in the African region
IICL
To that effect, the international community should set up mechanisms facilitating cooperation with regard to investment and trade and reducing obstacles to facilitate the access of developing countries' exports to the markets of the developed countries.
International justice and law
The car was sinking fast.
His delegation was sure that his Government and the special rapporteurs would shortly agree on a date for a visit to Nigeria.
Automatically copy data from the claim form a customer started filling out to the one being co-browsed by the customer and customer service rep.
Peru
370. In the framework of a World Bank pilot project called "Public health reform" conducted in the Kaluga and Tver regions since 1998, issues relating to the basic principles of family health care are being examined thoroughly: taking measures to prevent cardiovascular diseases and promote the image of the healthy family, improving the work of the services concerned with mother and child protection, and making best use of the funding available for preventive health facilities through a shift from a hospital-based service to an outreach-type service offering preventive care.
Andalusian footballers
invitation to treat: price lists, circulars, catalogues, advertisements
BD+48 740
Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka
5. The objectives of the proposed group are the following:
Here in the General Assembly, a resolution was adopted yesterday by consensus on the report of the Third Committee on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan.
Stop walking like a fag.
1. The Secretary-General has received an application from Kenya for full membership in the Subcommittee of Experts on the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals.
Burmese name
Delegations interested in obtaining reporting material on agenda item 40 (Oceans and the law of the sea) are invited to visit the Web site of the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea at the following address: http://www.un.org/Depts/los
Letter dated 24 September 2009 from Valentino Perin to the Chairman of the Committee*
Business advisers aren't totally to blame.
The work will be organized in a manner that enables all delegations, regardless of size, to participate fully in all their activities.
Permit me also to extend our profound gratitude to Under-Secretary-General Jayantha Dhanapala for his exemplary devotion to the cause of disarmament.
She confirms, All goals are reached in the mind first.
Such a solution, however, cannot be applied to staff already on board.
But Ms. Granoff agreed to pay the company $500, 000 if she quits without good reason before Dec. 31, 2009, a highly unusual provision.
"20. Urges the international community and the United Nations system to implement the outcome of the United Nations Conference on the World Financial and Economic Crisis and Its Impact on Development, in support of the objectives of the Second Decade;
The makeshift tent answered their purpose.
 Environmental assessment of proposed mining projects is also required prior to approval.
Germany's traditional allies even fret that the country is losing interest in Europe and the West.
The spirit of the proposal is fully consistent with the special attention that the Committee and its subsidiary machinery have recently been giving to these issues.
Fourth session
It is very important to implement state supervisory and condition-based maintenance to save the cost of power system operation.
The Subcommittee noted that, following the proposal by its Chairman, discussions on the proposal submitted by Germany on behalf of the member States of ESA and States having signed cooperation agreements with ESA, as contained in section III of its working paper (A/AC.105/C.2/L.211/Rev.1), had continued in the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, with a view to possibly reaching consensus on including the item proposed in the working paper as a new item on the agenda of the Subcommittee.
20. The segment on socio-economic scenarios covered the following areas: the definition of the baseline socio-economic scenarios, the utility of having those scenarios and the supporting information that is available for baseline socio-economic scenarios; and the steps for developing socio-economic scenarios, and information on the data required to develop those scenarios.
Hence, according to this view, paragraphs 97, 98, 101 and 102 of the report of the Special Rapporteur, should be discussed in the context of opposability rather than that of a State's right to grant nationality, which was virtually absolute.
Jennifer: Yeah, that tells me how much you know about music.
The Implementation Committee concluded that while it was its role to address all issues relating to compliance, it was only the Meeting of the Parties that could interpret or clarify its own previous decisions.
Paragraph 43 (e)
The PhoneBraver does not move by itself but can strike a pose with movable joints.
Love is inside.
II. Consideration of proposals
But by the time they got to the beach, the ship was already out to sea.
Consequently, according to counsel, the State party was still persecuting the author, as the violations he had suffered were not remedied.
They selected that village as their base of operation.
 Deserts account for 34 million hectares of Iran's total land area, with an average annual rainfall of 50 millimetres.
The problem: Since 2002 the CCW Group of Governmental Experts (GGE) has been discussing the issue of mines other than anti-personnel mines (MOTAPM).
77. Provisions for the requested activities were not made in the programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013.
The Ministry is also taking steps to draw up a manual for special needs for every member of the teaching staff. The manual, which will be ready for distribution by 2003, will contain clear written procedures regarding referral and assessment, individualized educational programmes, safety precautions, and curriculum matters among others.
My delegation stands ready to fully cooperate with you.
It further focuses on the observance by employees of the rights of gainfully employed women, with due attention being given to breast-feeding breaks (irregularities in this regard are very few and far between - only rare instances thereof have in fact been registered).
More eurozone countries will be forced to restructure their debts, and eventually some will decide to exit the monetary union.
Our air defences, acting in self-defence, engaged the aircraft and, at 1450 hours, drove them off.
Transfer of technology should be driven by needs and not by supply.
Citing the Human Rights Committee, the author also points out that Ordinance No. 06-01 promotes impunity, infringes the right to an effective remedy and is not compatible with the Covenant.
Chief Resident Auditor (P-5)
(c) United Nations Children's Fund;
43. Debt-burden adjustment was an indispensable element of the current scale methodology, in view of the serious effects of debt service on developing countries.
(a) Partners forums during the first three days of the Conference.
I have a sore throat today.
WWSF publishes every year an 'OPEN LETTER TO RURAL WOMEN OF THE WORLD' focusing on a Human Rights issue.
Yes, he would see about it; the important thing now was for her to rest
You have to make those last months sound like a conscious choice,' she says. (Manpower Inc.)(Jeff Joerres)
The number of staff members arrested and/or detained by the Palestinian authorities decreased from eight to six.
He pointed out that each expert was assigned a specific topic to work on and on which he was to make a presentation at the seminar.
319th session
Kitt, roll down your windows.
The Congolese Government must take a series of coherent, systematic and human rights-focused measures, with the assistance of relevant local, national and international stakeholders, to implement the recommendations that have been already made, in order to respect, protect and fulfil the human rights of its citizens.
b Total liabilities, including surplus to be transferred from UNPF and UNMIH of $29.6 million and $14.1 million, respectively.
419. Since 1990, coeducation was widely practised in all primary schools: 54.3 per cent of all middle schools and 38.7 per cent of all high schools were coeducational.
Judges may serve until age of 70, unless they resign earlier or are removed for cause by consensus of other judges.
Initially they would say,'Do some yoga and meditation.
Subsequent assessments could also benefit from systematic measurement of impact using indicators of quality as well as quantity and improved gathering and full presentation of user feedback.
3. The Commission furthermore affirmed that all persons who committed or authorized violations of human rights or international humanitarian law were individually responsible and accountable for those violations and that the international community would exert every effort to ensure that those responsible were brought to justice. The Commission further affirmed that the primary responsibility for bringing perpetrators to justice rested with national judicial systems.
The Board recommends that UNFCCC (i) report on conference spending to donor countries in a timely manner and in a format consistent with the initial budget; and (ii) process refunds in compliance with the deadlines set in signed agreements
He said spending would total $59 billion in 2008.
A unit consisting of special investigators at the National Bureau of Crime Investigation and a number of skill-updating measures implemented for the police and prosecuting authority, as well as a nationally available electronic storyboard prepared for investigation of rape cases, are all part of the Government's follow up of the committee's report.
Valid time: 8 p.m. 14 May 2009 to 8 p.m. 15 May 2009
The session was attended by many Lebanese political parties, but several groups, including Hizbullah and the Lebanese Forces, did not attend.
Mr. Douglas M. Griffiths (United States of America)
The regional agreements included the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters and the Protocol on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters between the States Parties to MERCOSUR, Bolivia (Plurinational State of) and Chile.
The law has allegedly been used to put pressure in particular on poor indigenous women to be sterilized.
If future observations confirm that these objects are brown dwarfs , it would greatly bolster the turbulence formation scenario.
The proposed position will be responsible for: (a) implementing the Accident Prevention Programme; (b) investigating related competencies, including conducting thorough investigation and analysis in support of all air operations, including identifying gaps in safety measures; (c) implementing a preventive methodology proactively engaging in preventive planning and management; (d) effectively engaging with internal and external stakeholders concerning Aviation Safety protocol; (e) implementing risk assessment, including assessing and mitigating risk exposure for staff members travelling with UNAMA aircraft, United Nations Humanitarian Air Service aircraft, and commercial aircraft; and (f) carrying out coordination by effectively managing relationships with other sections of UNAMA.
Its time for them to start figuring out how theyre going to tap the wisdom of the many.
21 January 2013
And now let me be specific.
The Governments of Argentina and the United States had announced their intention to submit to the Secretariat by the end of November 1998 elements for a draft international legal instrument against trafficking in women and children.
Meanwhile, popular culture icons were invited to try out the products and speak for the new brand.
When I awoke, everyone had vanished as if in a dream.
Earlier in the day, a Hamas spokesman was attacked as he drove to work.
Norio Wakamoto
They said it would serve them damn well right if they did get a hammering.
The Council will have before it the report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its tenth special session (Monaco, 2022 February 2008) (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII), 53/242 and 62/195).
In the areas of wet oil lakes, it would be necessary to mix more heavily contaminated surface layers with less contaminated material from the oil-contaminated piles in order to provide access for equipment and personnel.
centipoise centistoke shear layer flow separation laminar separation turbulent separation separation point attachment point reattachment relaminarization starting vortex standing vortex vortex breakdown vortex shedding
However, such a reform would result in increased costs for the Organization; without prejudice to the work of the Fifth Committee, the Sixth Committee would also be called upon to discuss the issue of cost.
She continued to publish over the years, and in 1945, her Mother Goose was named a Caldecott Honor book.
This could unlock a dynamic that we have not yet seen on a consistent basis, and one on which we will depend to achieve many of the ambitious targets of the sustainable development agenda.
a See note 12.6.
King Arthur and his Knights: The Sword in the Stone
Record of animal specimens handled
Brtain joined in several wars against other countries
The two groups now run their business as a single combined operation.
Parents, as lawful representatives of their children, have to protect their children's rights and interests without any special mandate.
In 2008, the area under opium poppy cultivation in Colombia fell to 394 ha.
The poverty line is the minimum standard of living at which an individual is not considered poor.
Further delay in that Treaty's entry into force would not only constitute a permanent nuclear threat to the human race but could also undermine global and regional achievements in arms control and non-proliferation.
63. With respect to default on maintenance payments, her delegation was not aware of social security or national insurance schemes for the recovery of maintenance.
It was observed that all this needed to be supported by a legal framework for government to act swiftly.
1991
The workers are loading the ship with coal.
It also called for the establishment of multi-stakeholder committees by the Government of Eretria to advocate against this phenomenon.
The report finds that the political commitment to implement the Declaration of Commitment continues to increase and that spending on HIV/AIDS in low- and middle-income countries increased by more than 50 per cent in this year alone.
If its stock brokerage business is ordered to be stopped for rectification, the securities company may, within a prescribed time limit, entrust the business to a securities company recognized by the securities regulatory agency under the State Council or transfer its clients to other securities company.
Thus, for example, education must be provided in a way that respects the inherent dignity of the child and enables the child to express his or her views freely in accordance with article 12 (1) and to participate in school life.
Given this clear objective, the Commission did not see the need to re-examine the principle.
University degrees offered at Bachelor level are either at general or honours level.
When Hal makes a commitment , he sees it through no matter what happens.
Riding in airplanes can take the moisture out of your skin. This Mineral Water Spray is definitely a travel essential.
Fold the paper in half to form a rectangle. Unfold the paper.
To display the titles text in italic type.
 For some years now Australia has voted in favour of General Assembly resolutions calling for an end to the embargo against Cuba, the most recent of which was resolution 50/10.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to the recommendations made by the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) at its sixth session and at previous sessions.
The Progressive Labour Party (PLP) was formed by the black majority in 1963.
The Committee notes the introduction of an "arrest referral scheme" and welcomes any steps to divert child victims of drug abuse from entering the criminal justice system.
Moreover, the provision of international assistance to facilitate implementation of the Code through institutional analysis and capacity-building had been disappointing.
Lower Salary Band
I would like to emphasize that this draft resolution is sponsored by all the members of the expanded Bureau of the Commission.
Other key activities include the provision of technical assistance in the review of HIV legislation, co-sponsoring the West and Central African regional meeting of ministers for justice and judges, which led to the adoption of a statement of commitment on HIV and the law, and the organization of campaigns to raise awareness and address HIV-related stigma and discrimination.
The lungs become less able to take in oxygen.
Telecoms & Internet converged Services & Protocols for Advanced Networks
No catastrophic earthquake or tsunami has destroyed southern Europe’s productive capacity.
Concerns were expressed about the focus of an entire section on the "right to development" when work was needed to reach a consensus definition of that term.
A GORILLA plays around with the mon-keypad on a Nintendo DS - but it seems his little 'un wants to show him how it's done.
26. The World Bank reported on an improved targeting scheme of the Social Safety Net Reform Project, which would enable poor adult women living on their own because of separation, divorce or widowhood to receive cash assistance from the special hardship case programme.
We welcome the significant contribution that these events have made to the consolidation of peace in the region.
What do you mean by different levels of unconsciousness?
We are also of the view that many international hot spot issues are closely linked to the issue of development and that it is imperative for the UN to strengthen vigorously its development activities and to pay high attention to post-conflict peace building.
Number of All Leavers
A/AC.109/2006/5
Insufficient memory to load installable Virtual Device Drivers .
Mandate: GA res. 61/159, para. 4 (b)
And I think people are going to listen to each other.
  They also found that the belief in blind luck-a conviction that coincidence plays a big role in life is something learned in life and has nothing to do with heredity.
Mr. De Alba
Now, however, radioactivity levels can reliably be said to be stabilized; they are checked by the monitoring system of the Ministry of Emergencies and Protection of the Population from the Consequences of the Chernobyl Catastrophe, the Ministry of Ecology and Natural Resources, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Agrarian Policy and the radiological departments of various institutes and organizations.
Excuse me, please, but I'm trying to find a post office.
Lease of property for the Jordanian formed police unit Camp de Tuf
Out of this conviction, therefore, Ethiopia was a sponsor of last year's resolution 61/89, the first of its kind.
In that connection, it should be noted that the Unit had made significant efforts in recent years to enhance its effectiveness, including through its strategic framework for 2010-2019.
He urged those States to reconsider their position and cooperate with the relevant United Nations special rapporteurs.
In conclusion, Kenya is fully committed to the process of the revitalization of the Organization.
Despite the understandable frustration over the slow progress in this area, we still count on the common will to reach a reasonable compromise for a comprehensive reform of the Council in all its aspects.
- L cal. 5,56;
UNDP in the Republic of Serbia supported the preparation of the draft of the Strategy for Improving the Position of Persons with Disabilities, process of harmonization of national regulations with the provisions of the Convention and ratification of the Convention appointing a legal expert to be at the disposal of the Ministry of Labour and Social Policy, the preparation of the draft of the Law on Use of Serbian Sign Language, the draft of by-laws for the implementation of the Law on Professional Rehabilitation and Employment of Persons with Disabilities (LPREPD), the draft of Law on the Prohibition of Discrimination of Persons with Disabilities (LPDPD), as well as the activities of the Social Innovation Fund and the Global Agreement.
He reminded the ICRC and the Mine Action Service that it was up to the High Contracting Parties to finalize the text and express an opinion on the amendments proposed.
300. Strategies for moving forward include:
If the office were to be established during the 2012/13 period, staffing and related requirements would be met from within approved resources and reported in the context of the performance report for the same period.
CITES Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora
Article 117 After trying and affirming the rights, the maritime court shall issue a notice of the creditors' meeting to the creditors, and organize to convene the creditors' meeting.
Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty rightly recalled the legislature yesterday to pass back-to-work legislation with all-party support.
In the same resolution, the Council requested the Secretary-General to submit an annual report on its implementation and decided to remain seized of this issue and to consider taking further actions in order to implement the resolution.
Rural area
More than 13,000 poll workers and 300 district election commissioners were trained in electoral procedures across all 41 districts of Tajikistan, while more than 250 local media representatives were briefed on electoral procedures and relevant laws.
Another cause of concern is the large percentage of the prison population (65 per cent, according to official figures) that is awaiting trial and the fact that the State party's laws do not set a maximum duration for pretrial detention (art. 10).
Ministry of Economy and Trade
States should also speed up the enactment of robust counter-terrorism laws.
It has prepared guidelines for gender mainstreaming in polices and in educational programs for civil servants at the National Health Institute.
Permanent Representative Permanent Mission of Cuba to the United Nations President pro tempore of the Community of Latin American
Ms. Saksena explained a number of practical issues that developing countries in particular were facing, such as the lack of information and capacity necessary to handle the matter.
The crime problem in Africa is marked by weaknesses in crime detection and law enforcement mechanisms and by inappropriate and ineffective legislation.
Chairman: Mr. Zackheos (Cyprus)
Number of rental of team sites
The Advisory Committee encourages the Mission to carry out necessary training on site or regionally to the extent possible (para. 44).
The chairman's nephew has a lot of pull.
When they had done so, he placed the faggot into the hands of each of them in succession, and ordered them to break it in pieces.
British scientists have now shown that breastfeeding and slow grown in the first weeks and months of life has a protective effect against cardiovascular disease.
Its cultural connotations coagulate the wisdom of Hui'an women and express the beautiful wishes they yearn for and pursue.
The next day锛?Mrs Heep did not leave Agnes and me alone even for a minute锛?The Heeps锛?mother and son锛?seemed to me like two ugly great black birds hanging over the house锛?and they made me so uncomfortable that I went out for a walk in the afternoon锛?I was walking along a path near the house锛寃ondering if I should warn Agnes about Uriah's plan of marriage锛寃hen I heard footsteps behind me锛宎nd turned to see Uriah himself running after me锛?
Digital cameras camcorders and the Internet make it easy to create and share lawful adult material in a wide variety of ways.
International Co-operation :
In order to facilitate its consideration of this question in the future, the Committee requests that data on rotation costs be provided in the context of its review of future performance and budget reports (para. 32).
Having expressed our concern about the Process, let us nonetheless express our full support for the topics selected for the next session of the Process, namely, "Contributing to the assessment, in the context of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, of progress to date and the remaining gaps in the implementation of the outcomes of the major summits on sustainable development and addressing new and emerging challenges".
Owners according to type of activity, by gender Activity
Adulterant a cutting agent with pharmacological (psychoactive) properties
Most delegations continued to insist on a more representative Council to reflect changes in the world since the Second World War, and to enhance the Council’s credibility, legitimacy and effectiveness.
Data on the distribution of organizations' staff by types of contracts reflect this evolution.
UNIDO focuses its work on low-income countries, particularly in Africa, and on linking agriculture with industry.
Mr. Gary Francis Quinlan (Australia);
Other views expressed were that monitoring should be based on a transparent process taking into account costs and risk of seepage; the monitoring requirements could be based on the performance of the reservoir; and the monitoring time frame should not pose a cost burden to society.
66/417 A and B
Eleventh session
In terms of the value of grant distribution, programmes from Latin America and the Caribbean were awarded the greatest amount of funds (23 per cent), followed closely by cross-regional programmes (20 per cent); Africa (18 per cent); Europe and Central Asia (15 per cent); and Asia-Pacific and the Arab States (12 per cent respectively).
Invalid dinosaurs
The lowlands are located in the Pannonia Plain and its adjacent parts (Mačva, Posavina, Pomoravlje, Stig and Negotinska krajina).
CONFERENCE ON DISARMAMENT ENGLISH FINAL RECORD OF THE NINE HUNDRED AND NINETY-FIFTH PLENARY MEETING
 The Centre for Human Rights should, in cooperation with UNDP, WHO and other relevant international and national bodies promote seminars, workshops and other initiatives designed to mobilize non-governmental human rights organizations in campaigns of HIV/AIDS awareness.
It is not clear from the report how the relationship between these presumably separate groupings of common services providers is envisioned.
Add interrupt handler here, user could change it as needed
FCI was one of 15 members of the International Advisory Group that helped to plan non-governmental organization (NGO) activities during the Hague Forum in February 1999, and subsequently guided NGO participation during the Preparatory Committee meetings for ICPD+5.
FIFA estimates that some 250 million people in more than 220 countries play soccer.
It was a lovely night.
 This social growth is the foundation for achieving internal peace.
14. Commenting on the low wages earned by women in technical and medical professions, she enquired whether there was a trend among professional women to switch to other jobs, for example, in tourism or the service sector.
Historical materialism should not be forgotten when we talk about methods of this level.
Many adolescent pregnancies are unwanted and these contribute to the growing number of induced unsafe abortions.
The Special Rapporteur noted that this was a very delicate subject because it concerned the relationship between international and internal law.
Orie Kimoto
7 November 2013
Source: Adapted from data provided by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change secretariat.
23. We recognize that private international capital flows, particularly foreign direct investment, are vital complements to national and international development efforts.
59. In connection with sub-item (b) of item 13 of the draft agenda (Follow-up to the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development), the General Committee decided to recommend its inclusion under heading A (Promotion of sustained economic growth and sustainable development in accordance with the relevant resolutions of General Assembly and recent United Nations conferences).
Paper so formed have uneven thickness.
It is still in blue before the Council, awaiting more favourable international conditions for its resubmission and adoption.
The president of NOW further expressed frustration at the lack of support systems at the administrative level for women and the issue of collection of child maintenance.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Maureen Otto (tel. 1 (212) 963-7855; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In order to be effective, a counter-terrorism strategy must deny terrorists access to resources.
Make mistakes on the server while dealing with URL. Please contact with system administrator.
After 11 September 2001, the number of recommendations was increased to 48, given the need to combat the financing of terrorism;
Programmes to prevent mother-to-child transmission have also expanded.
Certificate in Hotel Public Area Cleaner Training.
Jackson scored by heading the ball in during the last two minutes of the play.
Informal consultations
Moreover, regardless of whether the visit is made at the request of the General Assembly or the Commission, like the one to the Sudan, at the initiative of the country concerned, like those to China and Algeria, or at his own initiative, the Special Rapporteur has always tried to maintain a balance both in the regions visited and in the religions involved.
SIGNATURES, RATIFICATIONS, ETC.
The Presidency of the Security Council for the month of November 2003 (Angola), will hold a briefing to the press on the programme of work for the month of Novem-ber, today, 4 November 2003, following the consultations of the whole, in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
21. To develop a programme for each targeted country, a team is established comprising from 6 to 10 specialists in industry, technology, investment, environmental issues and information.
Schools run by religious organizations may continue to provide religious education, including courses in religion.
Other currencies that remain beneficiaries in the current risk averse environment are the JPY and CHF.
By 1623, the Anglo-Dutch reached a tacit understanding: Dutch East India monopoly Islands, the British monopoly of the Indian subcontinent.
B I know, and it feels good  as if I learn a little extra everyday
If your custom action widget requires configuration, include configurable attributes and an edit mode.
Winston lit the burner and set a pan of water to boil.
1. The United Nations recognizes the International Criminal Court as an independent permanent institution which, in accordance with article 4 of the Rome Statute, has international legal personality and such legal capacity as may be necessary for the exercise of its functions.
A. A vampire only sucks blood at night.
 According to this agreement, the UNDP resident representative is simultaneously the UNIDO representative and the UNIDO country director functions as the deputy to the resident representative.
(i) Emphasizes the importance of the political agreement for the reinforcement of the democratic process in Chad signed in N'Djamena on 13 August 2007, encourages the parties to continue with its implementation and welcomes the electoral timetable published by the Independent National Electoral Commission;
Major policy decisions, as well as technical input, were still required.
(d) Improved access to and exchange of environmental data and information at reduced transaction costs for the purposes of national reporting; natural resource accounting, including the value of ecosystem services; decision-making relating to the mitigation of and adaptation to environmental change; mainstreaming of environmental considerations into development activities for the enhancement of human well-being; poverty reduction; tackling post-conflict and disaster situations; implementing multilateral environmental agreements and attaining national and international development goals.
Mr. Sekolec (Secretary of the Commission), referring to paragraph 56 of the provisional agenda (A/CN.9/519), said that agenda items 4 and 5 were scheduled to be covered in the first week of the session.
We strongly believe that multilateralism and multilaterally agreed solutions in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations remain the only sustainable way to address disarmament and international security issues.
The parity index for the gross enrolment ratio rose from 0.87 in 2000 to 1.09 in 2010.
The principal difference that treacherous computing makes for users is the nasty consequence: rigging your computer to work against you.
During highly stressful times, even the simplest daily chores getting up, showering, fixing meals can seem daunting.
The challenge of programming a computer to mimic that process goes to the core of artificial intelligence, which involves the study of learning and decision-making, strategic thinking, knowledge representation, pattern recognition and perhaps most intriguingly, intuition.Danny Hillis, a computer designer and chairman of the technology company Applied Minds, said the depth of Go made it ripe for the kind of scientific progress that came from studying one example in great detail.Applied MindsWe want the equivalent of a fruit fly to study, Hillis said.
Innovation expenditure for enterprises excluding R&D expenditures / Total turnover for all enterprises (both innovators and non-innovators)
Employment
Where the applicant is to correct errors in the translation, he/it shall make a written request, submit the corrected page of the translation and pay the provided fee for correcting the translation.
People from Vorarlberg
the copyright and all intellectual property rights in the contents and the materials on this site shall always remain rested in the Government (save and except any third party materials the copyright and all intellectual property rights thereof shall remain with the rightful owner.)
Sixty-sixth session
The Education Law of Latvia prescribes that every citizen of Latvia and every person who has a right to a passport of a non-citizen issued by the Republic of Latvia and who has received the permit of permanent residence, as well as nationals of the European Union member States who have received temporary residence permits and their children, enjoy equal rights to access to education, irrespective of their material and social status, race, nationality, gender, religious and political affiliation, the health condition, occupation and place of residence.
Where the scale of assessments is adjusted to the ability to pay, there can be greater comfort among donors.
I dont even approve of adults smoking!
Item 10 of the provisional agenda
Kunya-Urgench historical and cultural reserve;
King Peak
irrespective of whether the project is to be implemented by the Government or the private sector, a mechanism should be established to select private partners through open tender and to engage the public effectively in the implementation and monitoring process.
53. Croatia reported that, on 16 September 2009, the Croatian Parliament adopted a 2009-2019 mine action strategy, that an abstract of this is publicly available on the CROMAC website, and that annual plans containing projections of areas to be cleared are also prepared and made available on this website.
Mr Lyons says that the Asians are wary of allowing the same to happen to them.
São Tomé Island
In addition, as part of the programme's civil society engagement component and as part of the joint UNCTAD - CUTS (Consumer Unity and Trust Society of India) project on "Awareness and capacity-building for civil society on investment regimes and international investment issues", two national and three regional workshops will have taken place before the end of 2002.
Asif Ali Zardari is known as a polo-loving playboy who tainted the governments of his wife, Benazir Bhutto, with corruption scandals that landed him in jail.
Employment Act 2002
Denied happiness himself, why should he deny happiness to her?
Kosovo Protection Corps: urgent priorities
In the past two years, major changes have taken place in the Department.
More broadly, the study suggests that we should move beyond blaming the bankers.
Fifty-second session Fifty-third year
Most of the things you hear about Downing Street's new boy are complimentary.
As we write this letter, Palestinian civilians across the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, are enduring yet another extremely violent wave of State-sponsored aggression and militia attacks.
31. Further details on the conclusions reached and recommendations made for each of the classifications covered at this meeting are listed in the final report of the Expert Group meeting, which is available on the Statistics Division website at http://unstats.un.org/unsd/class/intercop/expertgroup/default.asp.
I said, also promised to always love you!
In the Lao People's Democratic Republic and Cambodia, the consequential and cumulative effects of a nucealr war cannot be ignored relative to damage to life, property, and the human rights to peace and physical security.
22. Member States that have not already done so should promptly consider joining:
23. The Conference confirms that, when developing nuclear energy, including nuclear power, the use of nuclear energy must be accompanied by commitments to and ongoing implementation of safeguards as well as appropriate and effective levels of safety and security, consistent with States' national legislation and respective international obligations.
In that context, the credibility of the entire justice system depended on the public's perception of its independence and impartiality.
The Committee began its consideration of the item in closed session.
Under Art. 243 of the Labor Code, only employees may join/form/assist trade unions for purposes of collective bargaining.
20. Indigenous juridical systems should ensure that indigenous women, children and youth, and persons with disabilities are free from all forms of discrimination.
2. Two or more communications may be dealt with jointly if deemed appropriate by the Committee or a working group established under rule 95, paragraph 1, of these rules.
Public Liaison Service
Other legislation
Well...it's more dramatic now. Suddenly people are Landing on the moon wasn't dramatic enough for them.
Why don't you go roll your neck at somebody else and let me handle mine?
V. Cayman Islands
There was general agreement that footnote 5 to recommendation (51) should be deleted, as it unnecessarily restricted the grounds on which a secured creditor could object to a sale, and that a new clause should be added to (51) to the effect that if the proceeds of a sale exceeded the value of a secured claim, no protections for the secured creditor were required.
Nauru accepted the sum and undertook to discontinue the proceedings in the Court and to bring no further claims.
At Ogilvy, the advertising agency , they are adapting their cards to reflect our straitened times.
(d) if the proposed plan of work for exploration has been submitted or sponsored by a State that already holds:
It must be said that in this case the Government of the United States of America had not sought prior consent because it could not request such consent, the receiving State, Somalia, being in total decay at the time and lacking a functioning government.
It is anticipated that recurrent and non-recurrent publications will be issued as summarized in table 21.8 below and as distributed in the output information for each subprogramme.
XDCM (XML Data and Content Manager) is a simple database-like data manager but also a content output manager.
Compilation and synthesis of initial national communications;
(viii) Teaching is gradually losing its professional status;
The logic whereby law can be believed in is none too inevitable to exist, while the western faith in law is unprompted to be born in particular history conditions.
In paragraph 7 of that report, the Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of a draft decision, which the Committee adopted without a vote.
We hope that the Conference on Disarmament will be able to resume without delay its important role of negotiating new arms control and disarmament agreements, with an emphasis on the elimination of weapons of mass destruction.
From a rights perspective, the new law presents some notable improvements to the current law, which facilitated a variety of abuses. Nonetheless, the new law also maintains some key shortcomings.
On the question of the relative position of women in the public sector, human resources officers had been appointed in the various ministries to monitor and improve the situation in that regard.
71. Creditors and borrowing countries have a shared responsibility for the current debt situation of poor developing countries.
The establishment of multilateral institutions is testimony to that broad tendency.
The aim here is therefore to provide a discussion of algorithms described for the analysis of 2D gels.
As the Security Council has noted in several of its resolutions and presidential statements pertaining to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, impunity must be brought to an end, and perpetrators of crimes such as those highlighted in the attached report (see annex) brought to justice.
By the end of the census round, it is estimated that 98 per cent of the world's population will have been counted.
1857 establishments in Utah Territory
Do you know what happened last weekend?
You sold me down to the river to the public
Sharks have strong, complex immune systems that include an angiogenin inhibitor in their cartilage.
40. Again, I emphasize that the Parking Programme is not per se legally objectionable.
Bayern Munich midfielder Owen Hargreaves admits he's hoping to join Manchester United this week.
The programme has two main components.
The State party had answered the Committee's questions about the roles and relations of those bodies in its responses to item 3 on the list of issues (CEDAW/C/ICE/Q/6 and Add.1).
 53. The Trust Fund for Publicity against Apartheid was established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 3151 C (XXVIII) of 14 December 1973.
1998 Served as head of an Amnesty International delegation to Lesotho to investigate allegations of human rights and humanitarian law violations following the South African and Botswana military intervention into that country.
) (3)take pride inThe young man took pride in his work.
At the same time, its case law has reduced the points of fact excluded by the remedy, so that it now excludes only those that would require resubmission of the evidence in order to permit its reevaluation.
The tentacle was now some way across the room, twisting and turning with queer sudden movements.
President Mohamed Nasheed emerged as the first democratically elected President of the Maldives on 28 October 2008.
With the continuous improvement of China's international status and economic advance, China's economic growth mode has translated from extensive to intensive economic growth.
Article 43 If a unit or individual engages in business operations without obtaining a business licence and the taxation authority confiscates commodities or goods and materials pursuant to the provisions of Article 25 of the Tax Administration Law, the party concerned shall pay its taxes within 15 days of the date of confiscation.
1. Adoption of the agenda
108. In paragraph 204 of its report, the Board recommended that the Administration, drawing on lessons from the project management of the global field support strategy, address deficiencies in the management of the supply chain reform.
Lack of finance could be an impediment to a successful strategy.
The class were excited by the news.
There are so many rewards that come with self-acceptance, one of them being less emotional walls to scale in a relationship, which means there will be much more positive energy circulating within the partnership.
12. The debt burdens of many developing and transition countries have become heavy constraints on their ability to reduce poverty and reach other development goals.
16. Recalls paragraph 7 of section III of resolution 64/269;
The result followed the deaths of three teenagers on the roads at the weekend.
A Lesson for Living A Lesson for Living "Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever I faced disappointment.
4. The Board welcomed the installation of the new software, but identified continuing problems with the management of non-expendable property as indicated in the present report.
1. At the federal level
Simplification and harmonization of rules and procedures for operational activities for development
Yes, Ive got a meeting this morn-ing at eleven oOk then.
Note: Figures are for the English-language website only.
It observes that experts from whom advice is sought by the facilitative branch or the enforcement branch under section VIII, paragraph 5, of the procedures and mechanisms do not enjoy immunity with regard to the expert advice they provide to the branches.
He was an ambulance driver during World War I and a war correspondent during the Spanish Civil War and World War II.
Under the current Amnesty Programmes for illegal immigrants, approximately 20,000 to 30,000 were seeking and would receive permanent residence.
The Chairman then informed the Committee that informal consultations on this agenda item would begin on Thursday, 16 December, in the morning, under the chairmanship of Mr. Hae-yun Park (Republic of Korea).
It would, in particular, be entirely unacceptable for persons subject to an expulsion order to be physically assaulted as a form of persuasion to board a means of transport or as punishment for not having done so."
At its fifty-eighth session, the General Assembly adopted five resolutions under this item (resolutions 58/96 to 58/100).
63. Mr. Le Luong Minh (Viet Nam), speaking on behalf of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), said that ASEAN member countries strongly condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
The follow-up of this first Conference will be held in Gabon, in 2009.
Could you tell me which kind of payment terms you'll choose?
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations [Economic and Social Council resolutions 3 (II) and 1296 (XLIV) and decisions 1995/304 and 1997/297]
Informal consultations on agenda item 33
Polio-affected countries with no reported cases of polio
Huang's comment reflects the belief that finance has nothing to do with ethics.
234. At this stage, the spread of HIV/AIDS in Bulgaria is low.
Mr. de ROJAS (Venezuela) said that Finland had joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
16. The issue of adequate funding was raised by several speakers.
Ending a book is a nerve-wracking proposition; at least, it is if you assume you'll only have one shot at it.
However, a Swiss experimental study of such flow in a modern recycling plant showed values higher than expected on the basis of the literature study.
He has already met with Hispanic members of Congress and promised to work with them to try to shape a plan.
The requested resources will also provide for travel of Palestinian experts to speak at four events other than those organized by the Division for Palestinian Rights, which are supported by the Committee, as well as the annual training programme for staff of the Palestinian Authority;
The General Committee decided to recommend the inclusion of the items listed under heading H (Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations). Heading I
Cambodia reported that it had implemented some parts of the Agreement, in particular through cooperation with RFMO/As, FAO, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and other organizations.
He recommended that his company switch to working flextime.
The Iranian Customs Department has made every effort in recent years to render satisfactory customs services and to facilitate related control and clearance procedures while providing required security for commodities and parcels.
The portly, podgy-faced Kim Jong Un, wearing a dark Mao suit, looked the spitting image of his grandfather at a similar age.
To further promote and support the development of micro, small and medium enterprises, the government has established the One Town One Product Program (OTOP).
4. In total, the Ombudsperson has submitted 46 comprehensive reports to the Security Council Committee pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1989 (2011) concerning Al-Qaida and associated individuals and entities since the Office was established.
Boukrif Hamid
(Cyprus) Nations
Don't you speak to me like that, missy!
The practice of lot-drawing from the golden urn not only upholds the central government's supreme authority and the sovereignty of the State, but religiously displays the "decision by Sakyamuni's Dharma" as well.
Developments in Uganda
A. Utilization of conference-servicing resources
This requires:
D-arabinose 1-dehydrogenase +)
A. Comments and information on the specific issues identified by the International Law Commission in its 2007 report (continued)
10. We should also focus on future challenges and opportunities.
We also invite Member States to take immediate steps to incorporate into international crime prevention strategies and norms measures to prevent, prosecute and punish crimes involving violence against migrants, as well as violence associated with racism, xenophobia and related forms of intolerance.
Some 40 participants representing Governments, research institutes and non-governmental organizations mainly within the Asia-Pacific region, attended the meeting.
617. Croatia expressed its commitment to make all recommendations more visible and to the comprehensive universal periodic review exercise, although it could certainly be improved.
He died, aged 37, on July 27 th.
This code example demonstrates how to handle errors and exceptions that occur during a data-binding operation.
Women in development: report of the Second Committee (A/60/492/Add.2) [56 (b)]
The proverbial grapevine, that ubiquitous and often-accurate office communication system, is always put into service by an indiscreet comment from a boss to a subordinate.
On 6 May 1997, Jamila's ex-husband died.
26 March 2008
China will create an impartial competition environment and a sound legal environment.
of a convention on the establishment of an international criminal court in accordance with General Assembly resolutions 51/207 of
These fabrics make the big, thick bath towels preferred by Americans. European towel
 It reflects United States policy, dating back to the time of Eleanor Roosevelt, that the United Nations should be a force for enhancing human dignity and respect for basic civil and political rights.
to promote social, cultural and economic advancement of Remote Area Dweller communities; and,
Decisions: At the 3351st meeting, on 18 March 1994, the first preambular paragraph was adopted unanimously.
The environment can hardly afford the large population which made China go short of resources.
Letter dated 3 September (S/1999/944) from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council, reporting on the outcome of the popular consultation in East Timor.
The problem of optimal investment based on the criteria of minimizing lifetime probability of bankruptcy was studied.
79. Efforts to ensure gender parity in education are particularly relevant in this context.
5. Stresses that labour standards should not be used for protectionist trade purposes, and that nothing in this Declaration and its follow-up shall be invoked or otherwise used for such purposes; in addition, the comparative advantage of any country should in no way be called into question by this Declaration and its follow-up. Follow-up to the Declaration
The African Peer Mechanism is, therefore, enabling rather than prescriptive, specifying objectives and standards and providing indicative definitions of criteria and examples of indicators so as to ensure broad coherence at the country level and uniformity at the continental level.
The Panel finds that none of the items in the Collection was so unique.
4.3 On the merits, in terms of article 15, the State party submits that its parole regime is not a "penalty", within the meaning of the Covenant.
In here, you can get a clear impression of our factory's scope, throughput, working process, technics standard and product capability.
After going to France he soon adopted the French way of life.
Chapter 42
17. His delegation still had reservations about the term "armed conflict" as defined in draft article 2 (b), which sought to cover internal armed conflicts between governmental authorities and organized armed groups as well as inter-State conflicts.
(c) Sweden reported that besides the usual civilian private security services, a system of appointing private guards by the police existed.
In conclusion, we align ourselves with the statement made by the Permanent Representative of Bangladesh on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement and support the adoption of draft resolution A/65/L.7, entitled "Review of the United Nations peacebuilding architecture".
"The Security Council recalls the Purposes and Principles of the Charter of the United Nations, and reaffirms its commitment to the pacific settlement of disputes, including through mediation, in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations, in particular Chapter VI. The Council recalls all its relevant previous statements and resolutions.
According to the State party, the court examined Mr. Saidov's retraction of his initial confessions, but found that his guilt was confirmed by a multitude of corroborating evidence.
12.27 Counsel observes that in December 2004 and January 2005, the expulsion of the complainant and a companion case was debated in the Swedish parliament and media.
The Act provides a legislative framework within which the accommodation needs of Travellers will be met in a reasonable period of time.
17. Also at the 2nd and 3rd meetings, statements were made by the representatives of the United Kingdom, France, Mexico, Spain, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa, Norway, Canada, Malaysia, Australia, the Philippines, the Netherlands, the United States, Italy, Jamaica and Chile, and by the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names.
Brother holds Sister's small hand and pulls her onto the Kang ( bed ) .
2. Since his inauguration on 1 June 1994, President Calder Sol has taken steps to ensure compliance with the outstanding provisions of the peace accords.
Colombia also has cooperation agreements with the Armed Forces of Brazil and Peru.
(b) Electronic bulletins - weekly updates circulated electronically to all staff;
Indigenous women must be included in such programmes.
Visits by United Nations Special Procedures representatives have been taking place on a constant basis.
The Russian Federation was ready to discuss innovative approaches to ensuring external debt sustainability on the basis of existing principles and mechanisms.
Apart from the issue of the security of the connectivity, there was a financial constraint since Internet connectivity was financed from the field offices budget and not the ICT budget.
(f) Population and development
Strategies need to include a greater promotion of the United Nations-business website (business.un.org), as well as a continued push to implement United Nations reform proposals.
10 a.m.−1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 8
Karl Friedrich
The Conference of the Parties,
Encourages the United Nations Environment Programme to cooperate, as requested, with the Arctic Council, relevant multilateral environmental agreements and other relevant regional and international bodies, as appropriate;
29. In designing programme activities, the Asia Regional Governance Programme and the Democratic Governance in the Pacific have gone beyond the boundaries of programmes and practices so that they were mutually reinforcing and creating cross-practice benefits.
The Securities and Exchange Commission declined to comment.
Please indicate how the effective use of the gender mainstreaming strategy is monitored, and any mechanisms in place for that purpose.
In November 1998, the Office established focal points for gender issues both in its offices in New York and at Geneva.
Second, it is testimony to the commitment of the United Nations membership to the multilateral management of peace and security and to our collective will to support societies emerging from conflict.
Four members from African States;
This transformation promises not only to benefit the environment, but also to create new sources of economic growth and employment opportunities.
In accordance with article 74, paragraph 8, of the Convention the Secretary-General shall transmit the annual reports of the Committee to the States parties to the present Convention, the Economic and Social Council, the Commission on Human Rights, the Director-General of the International Labour Office and other relevant organizations.
(2) The Commission may appoint any person to be a member of any  committee established under this section, whether that person is a director  of  the Commission or not.
The amount of JD 42,262,836 is sought.
Human settlements (item 13 (d))
Angus : Well, they've increased the standard for roof insulation for a start.
1. Decides to appoint, for a three-year period, a Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of slavery, including its causes and its consequences, to replace the Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery;
a power transmission section that transmits motive power generated by the electric motor to the wheels;
For that purpose, one seat will be assigned to each delegation at the side of the room.
The author's latest submission was sent to the State party in February 2011 with a reminder for comments.
The canal loves to think that rivers exist solely to supply it with water.
He was in charge of overlooking prisoners.
This is fundamental if the goal of halving the number of poor and hungry people by 2015, as set out in the Millennium Development Goals, is to be achieved.
At its forty-ninth session, in 1994, the General Assembly decided to undertake an annual review and evaluation of the implementation of the Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant developments, and requested the Secretary-General to report annually to the Assembly as from its fiftieth session (resolution 49/28).
www.un.org/sc/1540/
7. The Committee noted that the final regulatory action was not based on concerns about intentional misuse of alachlor.
The Iraqi Government, considering the use of chemical weapons a "secondary issue", persisted in its refusal of accepting the mission on its soil, as referred to in para. 9 of the Secretary-General's report.
Russia may be experiencing a global “restoration” phase, but in politics and economics, and also with respect to its empire, restoration is headed in the wrong direction.
The cat doesn't even look smug.
However, the situation of refugees, of whom 561,000 are officially registered, has not improved.
When plant-eating mammals evolved they developed quite a different set of manners, relying on chewing to make food more digestible.
Recalling and reaffirming its resolution 2000/35 of 18 October 2000,
At the end of the visit, the Subcommittee asked the authorities for feedback on the steps taken or being planned to address the issues raised in the preliminary observations.
Japan Fellowship of Reconciliation
He plans to visit Pyongyang to discuss the North's recent steps toward resuming activity at its main nuclear facility.
69. Nineteen ninety-eight marked a turning point for UNIFEM’s work on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Why does the desert make children act weird?
Such a reference obviously includes some unresolved protracted conflicts, which were addressed earlier by the General Assembly and the Security Council, in particular those pertaining to the illegal use of force and foreign occupation.
The Secretary-General may impose disciplinary measures on staff members whose conduct is unsatisfactory.
145. The procedure for ratifying the Optional Protocol to the Convention has begun.
Personal development and skills training are part of the programme which seeks to move away from the concept of a "hand-out" to that of a "hand-up".
A byproduct will be the massive contraction of their deficits, probably by more than half, through import reductions.
He further recalled that the issues raised during his mission had to be understood in the context of the history of Hungary, in particular, the impact of the fall of the Communist regime on disadvantaged groups, especially the Roma minority.
Preparations for the recruitment of a third personal security detail are now under way.
The Man Who Came to Dinner
We would not like to see outer space weaponized as a consequence of the ongoing revolution in military affairs, a development which has then to be chased by follow-on disarmament measures.
The second to the fourth chapters are the main content of the article containing three parts : planar, three demention and time.
These tools have enabled experts from international organizations, non-governmental organizations, national development agencies and other governmental entities, as well as relevant institutions, to conduct comprehensive or specific assessments of selected aspects of a country's criminal justice response to the two crimes.
he thought,what if that is a girl ,which name they would named her.
November 2008
Sea of Marmara
First, it refers to some cases relating to the alleged violations of the ceasefire between the two countries.
The proposed decisions covered failures to comply with the data- reporting requirement under Article 7 of the Montreal Protocol, as well as various incidents of non-compliance with the control measures.
The Israelite victory over the Canaanites, which was aided by a thunderstorm that Israel saw as the coming of God from Mount Sinai, was celebrated in the Song of Deborah
Briefing on the World Summit on the Society of Information and the Civil Society
Consequently, once those claims had been dealt with, the temporary general assistance posts would no longer be needed; that would leave one P-4 post, one P-1/2 post and one General Service post, not counting the gratis military personnel, to work part-time or full-time on the processing of compensation claims.
writing when he saw me. He cease writing when he saw me
52. In 1997 the Cultural Heritage Protection Act was passed, with the aim of defending, conserving, reclaiming, rescuing, restoring, protecting, researching, publicizing and extending the constituent parts of the nation's cultural heritage to be found throughout the national territory and in Honduran territorial waters, and passing them on to future generations.
The Secretary-General believes that this allows each participating staff member to be exposed to new opportunities to learn and to apply skills, which will serve to rejuvenate the secretariat.
In addition, there will be an increased political complexity arising from the establishment of an Assembly and Government, comprised of democratically elected officials.
Consequently, the State has failed in its duty to investigate and establish the facts about the crimes committed.
The interpretation into the other official languages by United Nations interpreters will be based on the interpretation or written text accepted by the Secretariat as representing the official text of the statement.
A solid success that one hangs proudly on the wall is one that requires the same special attention as cook and serve pudding.
I don't take photographs, I make them.
A notice of appeal stating the grounds of appeal and the relief claimed should be filed within 45 days of the decision in the registry at which the matter was heard.
By contrast, a popular culture is a large heterogeneous group, often highly individualistic and constantly changing.
Conversations stick to the business purpose at hand and remain objective and professional. !
For a parallel inverter system without output isolating transformers, discrepancy in DC biases contained in the output voltage of each module can cause large DC circulating current among inverters.
If granite, brick sand, cement and gypsum type, especially with radioelement natural stones, Yi release radon.
 14. A growing number of examples prove that inter-agency cooperation brings shared advantages and contributes to a better output for the United Nations.
The guy next to me Wrote his name  at the top of the paper
13. Welcomes the enhanced coordination between the Joint Inspection Unit and the Office of Internal Oversight Services as reflected in the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, and encourages such coordination in the future;
The government gave the order that all these housesbe pulled down in three weeks.
149. The Government does not understand the reference to a requirement for children's consent: there is no such requirement - and there never has been.
Evans, New York
Added features to deter players from voluntarily leaving during a match.
Vila Nova de Cerveira
However, that same fact had been identified as a systemic issue that affected the functioning of the system, generating hidden costs and delays and reducing the likelihood of resolution of many disputes.
Progress achieved
A Day in Our Life
:: Regional disarmament.
70. Equally important is the need for the new Iraqi Government to deliver tangibly on the needs and expectations of the Iraqi people in terms of infrastructure, basic services and employment.
Experience with the proliferating regional integration processes, particularly their compatibility with the disciplines introduced by the multilateral trading system, will also need to be considered, in the light of past experiences.
514. The Brussels housing code, a major reform carried out during the last legislative period (1999-2004) through the decrees of 17 July 2003 and 1 April 2004, established the right to decent housing and provided such instruments for implementing that right as public management regulations and new safety, salubriousness and equipment standards for residences.
At the conclusion of its thirty-second session, the Commission had completed its first five-year topic-oriented and prioritized work programme following the International Conference on Population and Development.
Thus, we urge all States that are yet to conclude and bring into force a comprehensive safeguards agreement and the Additional Protocol to do so as soon as possible.
The former 鈥?banks, insurance companies and government departments among others 鈥?usually understand adapting human resource policies and practices, she says.
The charter proclaimed that all states would have their own government.
Related research about the content industry is still relatively limited currently: they mostly focused on the concept or the importance of the content industry and so on.
Do you really want to create a new project and discard the changes to current one?
Failure is not an option.
Jacob : Okay. I think that is very true.
It made recommendations.
He emphasized the need for unity.
Working paper submitted by Mr. Miguel Alfonso Martínez concerning the study of the issue of the privatization of prisons (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1991/56);
36. Adolescents over 18 years of age face similar challenges in gaining access to professional training or higher education.
III.4.2. Technology intermediaries 9
But they face a number of challenges.
Uncover all of your grandfather's sheet music, hidden in his home amongst a treasure trove of gorgeous antiques and musical relics!
Lastly, she asked for confirmation of her understanding that the CIG staff and relevant ministry personnel were paid from the State budget while projects such as those carried out by NGOs were financed under the State budget and from European Structural Funds to the extent of 30 and 70 per cent, respectively.
A screening process identifies the probable impacts of a project or programme on them, and also determines the significance of such impacts: projects with significant impacts on indigenous peoples (category A); projects with limited impacts (category B); and projects with no impacts on indigenous peoples (category C).
Sr Liaison Offr (E)
(Gabon)
4) Requested that a rule be established to exempt members from paying the JFBA fees during the period before and after childbirth;
The mistake was made entirely through your fault.
It was this belief, and our commitment to support the countries in southern Africa in their struggle against the consequences of apartheid, that led India to take the initiative of establishing the Africa Fund at the Harare summit of non-aligned countries in September 1986.
Consequently, bearing in mind the progress made to date, I have already reduced the military component to 12 military observers and 7 medical personnel from a total of 30 on 1 May.
CONCLUSION: Since Kazak minority people live in the outlying underdeveloped area, they have few knowledge of eye disease prevention.
CC (Hong Kong) Section
Opportunities to pursue education beyond the primary school level are often severely limited.
Mexico has moved from one - party rule by the PRI , which ended in 2000, to threegridlock.
"I'll be back in two minutes," I yelled at Sharon as I closed the door.
United Nations Development Programme
Those situations sparked tensions between Chinese and expats, particularly foreign journalists.
The increased access to computer based information networks has led to an increase in child pornography, with appropriate legislative remedies increasingly difficult to implement.
Labour Party of Albania/meta/color
82. Sub-option 1. Status quo.
Finalization and approval of a draft convention on contracts for the international carriage of goods wholly or partly by sea (continued) (A/CN.9/XLI/CRP.9)
Tomme des Pyrénées
Your observer status in the General Assembly provides another basis on which to intensify our partnership.
Apply style and formatting, set filters, define data values, and specify axis labels on a matrix that you add to a report layout.
The crimes codified in the Statute of the ICC are considered a matter of international concern.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations
The study of consumers behavior trend has always been a very active field in the study of western consuming behavior.
III. Agenda of the informal consultations between the fifteenth meeting of chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies and States parties
My delegation hopes that all member countries will adopt the draft resolution without a vote, as in previous years.
Accumulation of sugars during ripening increases sweetness.
Speakers also reported on the challenges encountered with regard to requests for freezing.
In addition Atlanta Fed President Lockhart is scheduled to speak.
29. (a) Develop a comprehensive disaster recovery and business continuity plan and communicate the plan to all personnel; and (b) test, review and update its disaster recovery plan on a regular basis (para. 214 below);
Single sign on is widely used in enterprise information systems, but seldom used in campus network.
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS "Global Crisis Global Action", adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S26/2 of 27 June 2001 at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the SecretaryGeneral to the General Assembly at its fiftyseventh session on progress towards implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS (A/57/227 and Corr.1),
I wish again to reaffirm my strong support to the dialogue that has begun between the Federal Government and the authorities of "Somaliland".
10. Urge all States that have yet to ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty to do so without delay, in particular the remaining eight Annex 2 States.
Both funds received substantial contributions and disbursed significant grants: the United Nations Trust Fund in Support of Actions to Eliminate Violence against Women received $13.5 million, and the Fund for Gender Equality received $806,000.
"I must say that the core group which the United States put together, made up of the United States, Australia, India, Japan, Canada and Singapore, had made a real difference.
The Committee has aligned its practice with respect to the release date of its concluding observations with that of the other Committees, which strive to release the advanced, unedited versions of the concluding observations, as adopted, on the last day of the session.
The National Drug Directorate further noted that the relevant articles of the 1971 Convention, as cited in the communication of the WHO Director-General to the Secretary-General, provided the legal basis for the transfer of GHB from Schedule IV to Schedule II, since products that contained GHB as an active substance may be misused for illicit purposes, owing to their sedative effect, and may also be used to produce designer drugs.
Awareness building was needed, in particular through an open, informed and factual policy debate at all levels, as governments played a crucial role in determining FOSS use modalities.
The respondents were fined a total of US$107 million, more than three times the highest fines assessed by the Argentine authority in any previous case.
Discussion of elements for a draft decision on financial resources
Public calamity be a mighty leveller.
Indeed, conspicuous consumption and waste are an important part of social display.
Over the medium term the demand for such financing is expected to remain high, as countries grapple with the negative repercussions of the global crisis.
We're dead in the water.
The Special Representative ensures that both the Mission and the specialized funds, programmes and agencies of the United Nations support and coordinate efforts with the representatives and envoys of the Secretary-General who have mandates in specific areas of United Nations activities, including human rights, through OHCHR; children in armed conflict, through the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict; and drugs and organized crime, through the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
12. Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to re-establish the Ad Hoc Committee under item 1 of its agenda entitled “Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament”, on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator40 and the mandate contained therein, of a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, taking into consideration both nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament objectives, and to pursue and conclude these negotiations without delay, and, pending the entry into force of the treaty, urges all States to observe a moratorium on the production of fissile materials for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices;
All elections shall be held by secret ballot unless, in the absence of any objection, the Conference decides to proceed without taking a ballot when there is an agreed candidate or slate.
Which is an unfortunate design decision made many years ago with this particular language.
Bebé
87. Sustainable development (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) of 15 December 1972, 39/229 of 18 December 1984, 57/251 and 57/252 of 20 December 2002 and 58/209 of 23 December 2003):
Sometimes importers, in response to crop failure (eg. coffee) in one part of the world offer to purchase greater quantities from other suppliers, but exporters from landlocked developing countries often miss such opportunities because of lack of transport capacity to carry additional export loads.
33. Under this agenda item, the Standing Committee has before it the Overview of UNHCR Activities (A/AC.96/900), and its addenda.
Hotels in Las Vegas
In the field of the peaceful applications of chemistry, OPCW programmes have seen both qualitative and quantitative enhancement, thus benefiting a growing number of qualified individuals, who return from those programmes better equipped to serve their organizations and countries.
Object-ID is also compatible with other existing databases, as well as with the CRIGEN-ART form used by the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) for the collection of information on stolen cultural property.
By resolution 2005/19, the Council requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session on the implementation of the resolution.
In recognition of increasing private sector engagement, the secretariat in 2012 established the Task Force on Private Sector Partnerships and Resource Mobilization, the brief of which is to examine and develop a substrategy on collaborating with the private sector supplementary to the resource mobilization strategy adopted in 2011.
3. Many delegations from developing countries informed the meeting about the economic downturn and the negative consequences it had on the implementation of competition law and policy in their countries.
1. Takes note with appreciation of the report of the Secretary-General;
Make smart money choices.
The old man could see pieces of the meat of the fish spilling white from the corner of his jaws as he bumped the fish and closed his jaws
I'm sorry. I must have misdialed
Such requirements would not prevent useful capital flows: global banking groups could invest equity in emerging markets and fund their subsidiaries’ balance sheets with long-term debt.
Fireworks are jammed. We're getting on it.
Recalling its resolution 2099 (XX) of 20 December 1965, in which it established the United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Appreciation of International Law to contribute towards a better knowledge of international law as a means of strengthening international peace and security and promoting friendly relations and cooperation among States,
Various auxiliary staff provide bodily care to prevent worsening of certain types of disablement; home nursing is used to prevent placement in a residential establishment; home hospital treatment is designed to provide a continuation of hospital care for a patient in his normal surroundings, but under hospital supervision; certain experimental centres provide a day service in the form of health care, rehabilitation and psychotherapy, designed to enable elderly physically or mentally handicapped people to stay at home.
The Ministry organized a workshop to finalize the gender equality policy and, during that process, promoted nationwide discussion through departmental feedback meetings.
China鈥檚 efforts to damp speculation in its property market were directed at a new target yesterday when the State Council approved measures to restrict foreign investment in the sector.
South Darfur
Yet most high schools continue to treat their charges like children.
Professional and above
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations had been reluctant to accept the interpretation of the Office of Internal Oversight Service and had not begun recovery actions until mid-1996. To date, some field staff had repaid the overpayments while others were contesting the idea that there had been overpayments.
You have to adjust the volume.
The President of the General Assembly made a statement in connection with the programme of work of the Fifth Committee.
However, the report provides much detailed information on, inter alia, the procedures and instructions which project managers must adhere to; the activities of the Board and the secretariat of the Fund; and statistical information on the type of assistance provided, which indicates the impact of the Fund's activities on the annual assistance provided by approximately 200 organizations to some 80,000 torture victims and their relatives all over the world.
He hoped that UNIDO would build upon the results of the Forum and the four regional meetings in order to devise, as soon as possible, practical follow-up plans that would benefit the developing countries in the area of biotechnology.
40. Japan noted with appreciation that the High Commissioner and her staff were increasingly working within the broader context of the international community's efforts to address humanitarian crises.
Christmas is an adaptation of the Pagan feast of Yule.
Extreme poverty in such a case would be a portion of each of these categories selected in terms of the severity of the conditions of deprivation.
Relevant negative impacts on health, environment and society are not expected from the listing of PCNs.
292. Today juvenile cases are generally heard in juvenile courts.
69. These results fit more broadly within the implementation of a development policy that prioritizes the different aspects of human development, of which employment is a key factor.
Latin American and Caribbean States:
The international community
Where the Panel has recommended that no compensation be paid for the principal amounts claimed, a nil award is recommended for interest claimed on such principal amounts.
Smoke, drink alcohol or eat spicy food such as hot chili sauce
(a) The versions of events provided by the source and the Government basically correspond as regards the length and handling of Mr. Benatta's detention.
To deny them, especially through exclusive clubs and restrictive practices, cannot but have a detrimental impact on their development objectives.
EFFECTIVENESS OF CONTROLS PREVENTING ACCESS TO WEAPONS BY TERRORISTS
Particularly disturbing is the fact that these "very poor" performers are among the top 10 CO2-emitters in the world.
1. By its resolution 1225 (1999) of 28 January 1999, the Security Council decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG) for a new period terminating on 31 July 1999, subject to a review by the Council of the mandate of UNOMIG in the event of any changes in the mandate or in the presence of the peacekeeping force of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).
CEDAW Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
Click the option you want and then click OK.
Tens of millions of others in that generation will do the same across the next decade and a half.
provision of static cleaners at specific spots of busy streets for cleansing purpose;
It is due to many years of war and traditional society in Afghanistan as well as government's financial restrictions, gaps between policies and practices, and lack of strong civil society protecting and promoting women's rights.
Our love grows stronger I knew that there would be ups and downs when I married you. But through it all you have always been my Valentine .
1938 He that loseth his due gets not thanks.
Note: United States city average for all items.
Where States maintain separately denominated retention-of-title and financial lease transactions, assets subject to these transactions are often not treated by secured transactions law as assets subject to a security right, but rather as assets owned by the seller or the lessor.
IUCN and other conservation organizations will be tracking progress over the next year.
(h) The results of the Organization's operations presented in statements I, II and III are summarized by general type of activity and are shown on a consolidated basis for funds other than those that are reported on separately, after the elimination of all inter-fund balances and instances of double-counting of income and expenditure.
At the 6th meeting, the representative of the Russian Federation noted that scientific and practical substantiation of political decisions should be at the very core of any consultative process, especially a multilateral one such as climate negotiations.
Staff and other personnel costs
It's when a girl gives you head while you're sitting on the toilet takin' a shit.
In these circumstances, the Special Rapporteur has no alternative but to raise the issue as a prima facie case of inhuman treatment to which the Government of Israel should respond.
Its members are in contact with terrorists belonging to al-Qa`idah's transnational networks.
But for the United States' persistent hostility and nuclear threat to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, my country would not have been compelled to seek access to nuclear deterrence.
101. Based on the Palau MDG Report 2008, Palau is expected to accomplish its targets by 2015.
Letter dated 8 December 2000 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
You'd better steer clear of Bob, he's really angry at you.
Request for hearing
A girl prays at Al-Wehadat Palestinian refugees camp during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan in Amman September 24, 2007 .
5. Also at the 2nd meeting, the Chair of the NGO Committee for Social Development made a statement on the outcome of the Civil Society Forum held on 10 February 2014.
The site in English can be viewed at www.ilo.org/public/english/bureau/stat/isco/index.htm.
(f) It is doubtful whether it will be advisable to give further consideration within the framework of this topic to the question of recognition and the question of immunity of members of the family of high-ranking officials.
15. Notes that 2006 will mark the thirtieth anniversary of the adoption by the Commission of the Arbitration Rules of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, used worldwide in the settlement of disputes concerning international trade and investment, and in this regard welcomes initiatives being undertaken to organize conferences and other similar events to provide a forum for assessing the experience with the Rules, as well as discussing their possible revision;
Will he come? The jejune jesuit.
But how do you accept it when it feels so painful?
17. The Government firmly condemned and was committed to combating gender-based violence, which primarily took the form of domestic violence against women.
Birmingham City chairman David Gold believes that Inter Milan midfielder Patrick Vieira is assessing all his options before deciding on whether to return to the Premier League.
The Conference requested the Secretariat to keep under regular review the adequacy of information required under sections A, B, C and D of the format and questionnaire and propose to the Conference of the Parties any modifications that are deemed essential.
The Child Act 2001 - Section 48 (1), 48 (2), 49 & 52;
Human rights questions are a major topic of parliamentary discussions and are dealt with by permanent commissions established to that end by both houses.
It should pursue its efforts to guarantee the effective investigation and sanction of all allegations of "honour killings" and widely disseminate information on the gravity of such crimes.
63. At the same meeting, the Secretary of the Council read out a statement of programme budget implications of the draft resolution (see E/2012/SR.47).
The honor of holding the Olympic Games is entrusted to a city and not a country. 2.
Those countries have also led the recovery of international trade, building on South-South linkages among developing countries and, in turn, benefiting smaller economies in Asia and Latin America.
Made from a standard Clockwork Decoy and the Wonder Drug, this little miracle senses when you're hurt and applies the appropriate dosage!
As to the prosecution, the author highlights the State party's obligation to prosecute violations of human rights without undue delay.
29. I recognize the efforts made after 2003 which resulted in the recovery and identification of 236 individuals and the return of some Kuwaiti property.
71. Strategies for moving forward include:
B. Objective of the integrated approach
The Committee urges the State party to take appropriate measures in the Netherlands so that detainees are not subjected to any form of compulsory labour, in contravention of article 6 of the Covenant.
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge, fitter for execution than for counsel, fitterfo new projects than for settled business
We thus hope that the Conference will be reconvened in the timeliest manner and will build upon the important comprehensive declaration adopted by the high contracting parties in December 2001.
The ECB’s newfound ability to print money, essentially without limit, to support both banks and governments has reduced Greek contagion to insignificance.
But social progress will not be realized simply through the free interplay of market forces.
Write-offs/prior periods' adjustments
Days not worked are not paid and union representation of these workers is almost impossible.
In another instance, the bus of a Palestinian school for the deaf, belonging to the Palestinian Red Crescent in Ramallah, was also subjected to light shelling.
I will change right after the New Year.
The national machinery has been fully harnessed into that effort.
Annotations to the provisional agenda
Many of the priorities set by the Paris Conference in 2008, and being taken forward under the overall coordination umbrella of the Joint Coordination and Monitoring Board, require UNAMA to provide solid analysis as the basis for coordination and joint planning.
I'm not enjoying this.
Note by the Secretariat on the organization of the work of the session
She can afford to rent this apartment.
The view was expressed that the Safety Framework, in its present form, was not adequate to meet the challenges posed by the use of nuclear power sources in outer space and that, in the regulation of the use of nuclear power sources in outer space, due consideration should be given to relevant norms of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and the United Nations treaties and principles on outer space.
in cities,the number of private cars should be control and buses 'should increase.
Permanent Representative of Burundi.
A loyal friend will stay loyal under enormous amounts of thoughtless abuse. veduchin
Mr. Marcos Michel Siervo Sabarsky
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007
Węgrów
B. Subsequent evaluations (second phase)
'Aren't you Tertius ? ' he said. The man was startled. 'Do you know me?
In the case Prosecutor v. Jovica Stanišić and Franko Simatović, the Appeals Chamber dismissed on 3 December the prosecution's appeal against the Trial Chamber's decisions granting provisional release and ordered the release of both accused.
Is that a proposal, or are we just playing a game?
The WFP Special Adviser closed the discussion by underlining the effectiveness of interventions such as micronutrient supplementation and conditional cash transfers in achieving Goal 1.
546. The recommendations included an agreement to convene a conference of Arab ministers responsible for emigrant and expatriate Arab affairs in February 2009, which should include figures from overseas Arab communities, and to request the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to put these recommendations before the Economic and Social Council prior to their submission to the Arab Economic, Development and Social Summit scheduled to be held in the State of Kuwait.
The Unit will be headed by the Chief Budget Officer (P-4), who will report directly to the Chief of Mission Support and be supported by one Budget Officer (Field Service).
212. Protective measures apply to all children without discrimination.
73. There was no issue with respect to financial implications.
15. In order to build further momentum on these outstanding issues, and to support both national political reconciliation and economic development, two follow-up sessions to that discussion are planned before the 2009 summer parliamentary recess to assist in the identification of concrete and implementable solutions.
The Conference also considered various other theme areas, including bio-films and bio-adhesion, bio-fouling community, larval biology, anti-fouling technology and marine bio-invasion (see also MEPC 57/INF.24 and www.bwmindia.com).
But she knew she looked pretty even before she saw confirmation in his eyes.
Works about dysfunctional families
23. Considerable progress has been made in the child survival rate over the last several decades.
Outside the port there are 6 bus lines to downtown area.
65/259 Questions relating to the programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011
'It's just a matter of how the regulation will help them' and how long it will take, says Citigroup's Mr. Meng, who has a 12-month target for China Telecom of HK$4.40, or 12% above Tuesday's close.
Commission for Reception, Truth and Reconciliation
26 June 2014
(EFR)
The myriad of tiny far stars regarded the scene unflinchingly.
One minute later, Garriott begins a second countdown, this time to signal the end of the thruster burn.
:: Workshops on domestic technology and healthy dishes.
Along with the realization of children's rights, achievement of the Goals was of utmost importance, though it remained an extraordinary challenge.
I. Introduction
Output a: Enhanced support for children and caregivers and communities for improved nutrition and care practices.
The policy specifically calls for the extension of primary health care, reproductive health and family planning services to all areas of the country, especially rural areas, in order to reduce infant, maternal, under five mortality and the total fertility rate while simultaneously raising the contraceptive prevalence rate to 85 percent by 2020.
In 2007, the division took on the new task of advising on petitions under Article 48(13) of the Basic Law by those claiming to be the victims of torture.
Kamel Lakhram
The European Union, as a permanent partner of multilateralism, believes that the General Assembly and its First Committee and their Conference on Disarmament and the United Nations Disarmament Commission and the various international treaties, together with their bodies and consideration processes are mutually reinforcing.
Every day is not Sunday.
Suriname
We maintain a dynamic and integrated approach to human resource management, aiming to build a highly committed, professional, versatile and service-oriented workforce.
Please tell the dockers to stow the cargoes according to the stowage plan.
The Business Women's Association of Uzbekistan Tadbirkor ayol is running a series of training courses; including "How to launch one's own business", "How to devise a business plan", "The fundamentals of marketing", "Woman and society", "Small and medium-sized business", "Women and their rights" and "Gender development", aimed at developing female entrepreneurship.
Good morning(afternoon,evening),Mr.Brown.
Border control training of 2 Congolese national police units in Katanga
Implement existing laws and policy instruments promulgated in the context of national environmental management regimes, including with respect to meeting obligations under international legally binding instruments.
The 1080p resolution is certainly higher, but almost nobody can tell the difference between the same material shown in the two resolutions on TV screens up to around 50' in size and at the typical distances from which people watch those screens.
:: Compliance with international law, including international humanitarian law;
 146. The World Population Plan of Action, adopted in 1974, contained a number of recommendations related to institutional arrangements for its proper implementation, further elaborated by the recommendations of the International Conference on Population, held at Mexico City in 1984.
Starting from tomorrow, applicants may make an appointment to view the returned flats as designated by the Hosing Authority in eight different courts.
35. Umoja Foundation is to be first deployed in pilot locations -- UNIFIL and UNSCOL -- before roll-out to the rest of the peacekeeping missions.
Knowing God's sending heart helps us overcome our natural reluctance to take the initiative.
Sub-cellar housing the ancient halls are dry and wet courtyard patio.
Education, science and technology, and communications
The furnishings in the room imparted an air of elegance.
The first time I felt it, I heard a car backfire.
2000-2001: 2 research institutions
Because we've recognized this trend early, we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on critical-path activities.
Reducing the region's dependence on Northern markets will likely require a shift from more vertical specialization and network trade to product-based horizontal specialization and intraregional trade in final products.
These results are then committed to a separate architectural register file during in-order retirement.
I spoke to the head-security myself.
Lack of progress at the IGAD-led peace process, as well as the recent events in Darfur, have made it necessary for my Special Representative to focus primarily on Darfur.
In line with my earlier recommendation that UNOCI be reinforced for a limited period before, during and after the elections, I requested the Security Council, in a letter dated 14 September (S/2010/485), to authorize the temporary deployment of up to 500 additional troops and police by increasing the operational elements of existing formed police units, and two additional infantry companies to reinforce arrangements to secure elections in Côte d'Ivoire, for a period up to six months.
Takashimaya Osaka East Wing Annex, South Entrance, 3F
A finalized report of the proceedings was subsequently prepared, reflecting the views provided by the inter-sessional meeting of the Commission.
Unable to bear to see her so unhappy, Zeus sent Hermes down todestroy the monster
Serfs were a kind of agricultural laborer in the feudal society of western Europe.
C: I was hired by the Personnel Section and told to report here to work as a secretary.
19. Welcomes the initiative of Kimberley Process Participants in West Africa to enhance their cooperation in Process implementation and policy harmonization by adopting a regional approach for the Mano River region, and encourages countries in the Mano River region, the technical team, the Property Rights and Artisanal Diamond Development project and other implementing partners to continue this work;
If it did so, it would be acting in the same lawful and responsible manner as it expected of the rest of the international community.
– Advisory assistance and staff training;
9. Encourages the continued widespread support among Mediterranean countries for the convening of a conference on security and cooperation in the Mediterranean, as well as the ongoing regional consultations to create the appropriate conditions for its convening;
313. The Committee urges the State party to proceed without delay with the full incorporation of the Convention into the domestic legal system.
3. Authorizes, for the period specified in paragraph 1 above, an increase in the military component of UNOCI of up to 850 additional personnel as well as an increase in the civilian police component of up to a ceiling of 725 civilian police personnel, including three formed police units, and the necessary additional civilian personnel;
But, you need to train yourself to be a disciplined buyer and learn to become an intelligent saver.
As the core component of its development work, UNIDO seeks to reduce poverty by encouraging and enhancing micro, small and medium enterprises, enabling the poor to earn a living.
The main effect of Mr Campbell's switch to the Senate race, however, has been to elevate Ms Whitman in the governor's contest.
74. States reported a wide range of fisheries management measures adopted in response to these problems, including the designation of marine protected areas (MPAs) and other fisheries sanctuaries or closures, various forms of community-based management of resources and prohibition of destructive techniques.
It is estimated that more than half of school-age children do not attend schools.
(b) Try the perpetrators and impose appropriate sentences on those convicted in order to eliminate impunity for law enforcement personnel who are responsible for violations prohibited by the Convention; and
63. Since the SPT began its work in 2007, it remains the case that no United Nations funding has been provided for the SPT to carry out its mandate in relation to NPMs and no funding is foreseen for this work for the period up to the end of 2009.
197. The thirty-first meeting of the Scientific Group of London Convention and the second meeting of the Scientific Group of the London Protocol were held in May 2008.
He never ingratiated himself anywhere , not in the slightest , but kept to himself.
8. The Committee takes note of the Government's commitment to adopt temporary special measures in the form of programmes to narrow the gap between men and women in political and public life, and especially the recent tentative acceptance of a quota system which would be instituted for the next elections for the Parliament, through an amendment of the electoral law in order that women hold at least 15 per cent of parliamentary seats.
References should be listed alphabetically author at the end of the manuscript.
The Committee recalled that, while the subject of multi-year payment plans went beyond its terms of reference, the issue had come up during its special session in 1996 (see A/50/11/Add.1, para. 12).
As a rule, these tend to be in non-production sectors such as education, culture and art, dressmaking, retail and catering.
This consideration is of particular relevance in the case of migrant women coming from traditional communities.
The judgment system of food poisoning should fit in with legal systems of evidence.
 With respect to rehabilitation and development, UNOSOM II will coordinate its activities in such a manner that programmes of assistance of the international community are supported in areas of their choice.
The complexity isn't in coding these tasks; it's fairly easy to do each of these things.
Its appeal to Trump is obvious.
11. In September 2007, Mr. Ramadan was transferred to the Palestine Branch prison, where he is presumed to be detained to date.
54. The Global Environment Facility project will also include the creation of a research and environmental protection centre that will collect and synthesize existing research, undertake a gap analysis and become the repository for existing and future research.
Draft decision I
The vision for Zambia is to be "mine free" by the end of 2007.
It has been assessed many times by different analysts and qualified observers.
Oh, I'm going with him.
I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out.
My father didn't tell me how to live; he lived and let me watch him do it. GMT+8, 2009-4-28 21:13, Processed in 0.087639 second(s), 7 queries, Gzip enabled.
Review and implementation of the Concluding Document
She worked as a lass at his house.
Whatever he or she chooses to call it, a healthy person breaks wind an average of sixteen times a day, and most often when asleep.
G. Non-governmental organizations
With regard to six cases, the Government reported that either there were no records that the persons had been arrested, detained, or apprehended, or that the incidents that allegedly led to the arrests had never taken place.
Promise, renunciation, recognition and protest may be typical unilateral acts, but that does not mean that we are dealing with a determinate category of legal acts.
61. Power to prevent Tongan citizens from leaving the country by refusing the issuance of passports.
It invited the GEF to provide reports on the progress made in carrying out its activities under the Poznan strategic programme, including its long-term implementation, for consideration by the SBI at its thirty-fifth and subsequent sessions, for the duration of the Poznan strategic programme.
Supplied to: UN Observer Mission
Family Reorientation Education and Empowerment
With reference to footnote 61, support was expressed for deleting paragraph (8) in the light of the separate article that addressed the issues of confidentiality (article 22 of the current draft).
 This has always been the illusion of authoritarianism and populism.
10. During the period 1997-2000 expenses for the social sector were lowered.
God, he murmured, not knowing what he said,--God--God!
鏃ュ瓙瓒婄編濂斤紝浜嬩笟瓒婇『褰?
CINCINNATI - A woman told Cincinnati police that she heard a noise and then felt something cold on her feet.
In order to reduce cost, improve jean's appearance, it reforms technics of jean's selvedge and waste selvedge.
297銆乄e should record what the damage and lack of parts.
Fortunately, most parents give serious thought to naming their children, with social acceptance usually being a key consideration.
All entail the idea of future generations.
Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention.
Niger
There are no villages here
They are in fact supported by all of the processes that have brought us here.
The goal of technical reviews of GHG inventories is to assist Parties in preparing the highest quality information necessary to fulfil their obligations under the Convention.
The relationship of a teacher and his students is analogous to that of a director and the actors.
Special focus will be given to vulnerable groups, such as children and women (especially with regards to conflict-related sexual violence) and other minority groups, as well as returning refugees and displaced persons.
Havard, for example, has zero students per class: The professors just sit alone in their classrooms, filing their nails
Hers is a fame based not only on sheer doggedness, a quality held in high esteem by Koreans, but also on the universal human sympathy for a monumental — and in her case, cheerful — loser.
She is a famous ping-pong player.
I made a mistake on spelling your name ,whichis only a slip of a pen !
The combined reading of article 25 (2) and (5) leads to the unfortunate conclusion that an excellent Committee member cannot be re-elected if his or her own Government (which might have changed in the meantime) refuses to re-nominate him or her.
11-29 July 2011 Views
Chapter III concerned international responsibility arising from an internationally wrongful act and should therefore be entitled "Responsibility arising from serious breaches ..." and not "Serious breaches ...".
Declare the following:
The Managing Director:
Enterprises shall gradually adopt measures to control the nitrogen oxide generated by the burning of fuel.
With that, they assassinated every prospect of bringing about peace and security in the region.
Check your toilet for leaks by adding food coloring to the tank.
The Unit monitored clients' health through four sub-units: two in Kigali and two in Arusha.
Breast cancer is a significant health problem for women in New Zealand.
8. In May 2002, the Office of Human Resources Management introduced a new system of recruitment, selection and placement of staff in the Secretariat.
asked Love. But why did Time help me
(h) Preparation of scope of works statements for:
Mr. Falouh (Syrian Arab Republic) (spoke in Arabic): Syria stresses the importance of the item under consideration and condemns all forms of sexual violence, particularly in armed conflict.
Career Gear When he speaks at high schools he keeps his message simple, telling students: No books, no bucks.
As mentioned above (see Art. 3) the Ministry of Social Affairs and the Institute of Regional Development have established a position of a gender equality counsellor in the Northeast part of the country and are preparing to do so in other rural areas.
More than two-thirds believed the US military presence in the Middle East provoked more conflict than it prevented and only 17 per cent thought US troops there were a stabilizing force.
The key challenge for prospective reforms hinges on what you think needs to be done to make healthcare affordable.
17. Decides to maintain the level of the working capital reserve at 8.3 per cent of annual estimated expenditure, including overhead charges, of the amount of the core budget;
82. As a country comprising over 126 nationalities, Kazakhstan needed the rule of law and a strong legal system to maintain stability, promote understanding among the various ethnic groups and reduce the possibility of inter-ethnic strife.
 The Lebanese Government strongly condemns these repeated Israeli attacks, which have caused enormous damage to property.
Emphasizing the need for continued international support and mobilizing technical and financial resources to achieve internationally agreed development goals to enable graduation from least developed country status in the stipulated time,
G. United Nations Environment Programme7
73. Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction.
128. The method of execution in three retentionist and de facto abolitionist reporting countries was hanging (Barbados, Japan and Lebanon), and in six others (Bahrain, Cameroon, Comoros, Indonesia, Rwanda and Thailand), shooting by firing squad.
(c) The autonomy of State universities is established, as well as the State's responsibility to provide financial resources by creating a special fund for higher education.
Have you tried offering him sex?
It is tempting Providence to go in that old boat.
The lack of timely decisions on such requests would be to the detriment of both the staff members and the Organization and would increase the risk of exposure to unnecessary damages in the absence of immediate relief granted when a staff member presents a strong prima facie case warranting suspension.
In general her work has been good, but this essay is awful.
35. It is recommended that the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics continue with its mandate as stated in paragraphs 15 and 16.
He has the right to do (of doing) that.
Letter dated 26 July (S/2006/597) from the representative of Finland addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement on recent developments in Georgia -- Abkhazia and South Ossetia -- issued on 24 July 2006 by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union.
21. With regard to the gender aspects of the Special Representative’s mandate and the potential for overlap with ongoing activities relating to the prevention of gender-based violence, the Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 28 of Security Council resolution 1888 (2009) that the Council will review the mandates of the Special Representative and the team of experts within two years, taking into account the process established by the General Assembly in its resolution 63/311 of 14 September 2009 regarding a United Nations composite gender entity.
He heads the Chambers of the Attorney General.
A new building has been constructed with three physically separated blocks, i.e. there are separate entrance doors for the blocks accommodating minors, women and foreign nationals.
Appreciating and recognizing the important efforts of the Palestinian Authority in building the Palestinian institutions in order to improve the human settlements conditions of the Palestinian people while working towards sustainable urbanization,
Recently, the international community has been faced with the need to address revelations of the extent of Iran's previously undeclared nuclear activities.
(d) The Fund address the pending issues related to the mandate of OIOS as the Pension Fund's internal auditors, as well as the written agreement with the external auditors.
Nsikabaka
Sitting on the bed, I wipe the dust off, and open the album
The Committee urges the Netherlands to use appropriate methods of examination on pregnant women suspected of drug trafficking in order to avoid their detention at the national airport.
Parsley is an herb if you use just the greens. If the root is used, then parsley is considered a vegetable.
Towards the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Department undertook a limited equipment replacement exercise in 27 centres, which included new computers, photocopiers, printers and video projectors.
Other members of the Council, based on their experiences, put forward many proposals on that part and finally reached consensus.
15 April 1985
The report of the Special Committee (A/49/5ll) states that during the year under review,
Net reduction
Urbanization as an organic process of development can be healthy or unhealthy.
This paper introduces the relation between nourishment and phosphorus and the source of phosphorus.
Inspection of the gold in Nairobi and Goma
That depends on who the paramedics are.
EMPRETEC, for instance, is considered highly relevant in the evaluation report, so are ASYCUDA and TRAINMAR.
The woodcutter's wife has an idea.
It also recalls that the General Assembly was mindful that the level of the support account should broadly correspond to the mandate, number, size and complexity of peacekeeping missions (see resolution 65/290).
In addition, the Secretary-General calls on Member States to incorporate the core principles enshrined in the bulletin into the standards and codes of conduct for their national armed forces and police forces.
Finally, he recommended that the General Assembly should take up the issue of Puerto Rico, the world's oldest colony, as a matter of urgency.
There are many examples of good practice in disaster reduction cited from individual sectors such as public health, environment and natural resources management, subsistence agriculture, infrastructure protection or regional planning.
Further, it appears that none of the claimed amounts were invoiced by Rotary pending the issue of an additional letter of credit.
10. Although many welcomed the efforts under way to improve the ability of peacekeeping missions to protect civilians on the ground, there was agreement that it remained unfamiliar business for many troops.
24. It is proposed to abolish one P-5 post of Senior Coordination Officer as the Mission moves towards handing over more functions and responsibilities to the local counterparts and since, in light of the increased capacity and willingness of the Government of Timor-Leste to plan and coordinate the implementation of the National Strategic Development Plan (2011-2030), UNMIT support is expected to decrease.
337. This proposed distribution of staff, which includes the proposed addition of one Administrative Assistant (GS (OL)), is based on the maintenance of the 2006/07 effective ratio of one Human Resources Officer and 2.22 Human Resources Assistants per 567 international staff members.
This group, composed of two inspectors, left the Canal Hotel at 8.30 a.m. and arrived at the Fida' State Company, an MIC affiliate, 10 km south of Baghdad.
35. Other major figures who are members of the FPI have also been arrested in recent months in countries of the subregion.
At the end of indicator (c) (i), add the words "particularly in the most mine-affected regions".
The text of the draft resolution, for the time being, is contained in document A/C.5/60/L.54.
The treaty should thus contain a provision requiring States parties to regularly report on export authorizations, including details on destination, quantity, type and value.
India, Brazil, Mexico & Turkey, all of them may be strong competitors of China casting exports to the U. S. & EU.
Paradoxically, one of our biggest challenges is to manage all this vigorous interest in health in ways that ensure lasting improvements and also do not overburden recipient countries.
Alithia of 24 March 2002 further reported that the Greek Cypriot administration will be acquiring Russian-made M126 helicopters for military purposes.
Widespread support for the Goals from United Nations agencies, bilateral agencies and international financial institutions is resulting in greater attention to children's issues.
Welcoming the adoption by the sixty-sixth World Health Assembly of resolution 66.10 of 27 May 2013 endorsing the Global Action Plan for the Prevention and Control of Non-communicable Diseases 2013 - 2020, which provides a road map and a menu of policy options for all Member States and other stakeholders to take coordinated and coherent action, at all levels, from the local to the global, to attain the nine voluntary global targets, including that of a 25 per cent relative reduction in premature mortality from cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes or chronic respiratory diseases by 2025,
"It's not a matter of what's trendy," agrees Fiona Kotur-Morin, who despite being the founder of Kotur bags and known for making delicate yet practical evening clutches out of vintage couture fabrics, has recently up-sized with a new staple bag called the Wallace.
The information provided in this report shows that the neoliberal model and the economic measures imposed by the financial organizations have not been successful enough to improve the standard of living of Nicaraguans.
Animal and vegetable fats and oils - determination of low - boiling halogenated hydrocarbons in edible oils
Šešelj - IT-03-67-AR73
10.2 Tuvalu has achieved MDG Goal 2 Universal Primary Education.
Round-table discussion
In accordance with the provisions contained in the international human rights instruments such as International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, ILO's Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention, UNESCO's Convention against Discrimination in Education, many governments have in recent years taken into account their own situations, formulated policies and programs to safeguard indigenous people's equal rights to education, and adopted positive measures in finding solutions to the educational issues facing indigenous people.
Dogs would rather you buy them a hamburger than a lobster dinner.
When they weren't tolerant was when some religious group or club started looking like they might be rebellious.
There was a pause while the barmaid set down two plates in front of us.
Secretary of the Advisory Board on Foreign Affairs, 1953.
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law
"There is nothing to be frightened of, " said the Rajah. "Very few tigers are man-eaters."
In addition, there is mention in the report of humanitarian issues that need greater attention at the international level on account of their impact on vulnerable groups.
The United Nations is ready to help, within its limited capacity, but I am convinced that it is a delusion to think that such an operation could be planned, deployed and commanded by the United Nations as if it were a peace-keeping operation.
He dared revile no seeming failure, not knowing but just that was the necessary link in the chain of accidents destined to bring him face to face with her.
14-15 March
Name one thing Benjamin Franklin is famous for.
The newly established and operational Secretariat will become a central repository of Antarctic information in particular with regard to Antarctic Treaty meetings and activities.
As you can see, for every kind of English, there is a resource online.
The trapped fish, perhaps hundreds, or even several thousand.
The European Union remained firmly committed to the capital master plan, in respect of which there had been an outstanding balance of $117 million as at 30 April 2010.
2009 Sozhou PCB/SMT Technical Conference
I see none.
Mr Lal, who is popularly considered to have the best job in Shahabpur, also admits to skimming off a share of the loot.
:: Resources have been requested under the support account for peacekeeping operations to strengthen its capacity
It's that vibe of picking up on the first funny joke you heard from your friend. You're grabbing on to the collective unconscious.
The information provided in figure 1 and table 2 demonstrates that the timing, adherence to deadlines and completeness in reporting have improved steadily and substantially since 1998.
407. With reference to article 2 of the Convention, members of the Committee noted that a plethora of human rights mechanisms existed in New Zealand and in this connection they wished to know how the State party ensured that the problems of duplication of work and overlapping of mandates did not arise.
H. Statistics of science and technology
Draft revised calendar of conferences and meetings of the United Nations and of the principal organs of the
65. Further, good governance had been the central theme in all constitutional talks with the Territories.
Get Feedback If an interviewer seems bored or cold while you're answering a question, all is not lost
Poor people find themselves at the margins of society, frequently deprived of their independence and their right to self-determination.
The provision of support to humanitarian activities requires early coordinated planning to ensure that adequate resources and coordination capacity are available to carry out effective support tasks, such as infrastructure work.
Secondly, adjustment and transformation became an international trend.
The Working Group has vigorously promoted sport for development and peace, and has brought together 50 States, 10 United Nations agencies, programmes and funds, as well as numerous intergovernmental bodies, sports federations and civil society organizations.
It was suggested that the paragraph be reworded as follows:
If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand, Aquino must remain persistent in his efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption.
ConclusionBlend microspheres with good performance were prepared with alginate and starch.
With the advent of the information age, education is also showing unprecedented development trend.
Yo, guys, um It's cool if you wanna be smoking and drinking while I drive It's totally illegal, but, I mean, it's cool, right?
That should be our ultimate goal -- to ban those weapons outright in the same way that nations have come together to ban other weapons of mass destruction, which can cause human suffering, ruin economies and endanger the environment and the future survival of our planet.
We've collected this data from the US official casualty site (it also includes figures for each state of deaths in Iraq).
66. Mr. Gubler (Switzerland), speaking also on behalf of Liechtenstein, said that his country, as a Member State and a host country of the United Nations, attached particular importance to the reform of the administration of justice and was therefore in full agreement with the aim of implementing a new administration of justice system by 1 January 2009, as established in the relevant General Assembly resolutions.
The activation includes air and carbon dioxide activation and deposition includes chemical vapor deposition of benzene.
( 16. Please say hello to your mother for me.
He asked what type of temporary measures could be said to enhance the ability of marginalized groups to participate in elections without constituting discrimination, and whether Governments were ever justified in restricting the work of international election observers.
12. The strategies embedded in the Beijing Platform for Action need to be implemented and the Millennium Development Goals must be achieved.
the time for the medium and small product flow is independent self adjusted to avoid the filling mistakes.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Tuesday, 23 October 2012, at 3 p.m.
Ballot papers marked "B" will now be distributed.
There is a long tradition of research work aimed at the development of a scientifically sound basis for weather forecasting in Hong Kong.
14. Decides to establish, in accordance with rule 28 of its provisional rules of procedure, a Committee of the Security Council, consisting of all the members of the Council, to undertake the following tasks and to report on its work to the Council with its observations and recommendations:
By suppressing returns to savers and holders of assets for a protracted period, low interest rates have spurred a frantic search for yield.
L-39S
While insider trading is certainly a crime, it seemed like a bit player in the drama that began when the housing bubble burst.
Roasted wings, dumplings, bony legs, sweetgrass roast, boiled lever, steamed chicken products, charcoal roasted chicken products.
At the close of the party there were few guests who weren't drunk.
Unfortunately, this leads only to bland design that neither appeals to nor excites anyone.
Agricultural courses
Hubby, thank you very much for your love!
In 1998, the ITSD was awarded its first ISO 9001 certificate on its Professional Support Services, which covered both the Quality Management and the Standards and Methods work.
The two sides also will begin talks on threats posed by intermediate and short-range missiles.
This product has a tamper - evident foil pouch.
The item offered above is running out.
This person was arrested on 27 November 1994 in the village of San Pedro de Chío, Huánuco, by navy personnel who allegedly tortured him.
Office opens at 4.30 p.m.
(i) World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons;
Between April and May, for instance, Pakistan's annual inflation rate rose from 17.2 per cent to 19.3 per cent.
In 2007, the local agriculture industry produces $1,093 million worth of produce. It comprises $301 million of crop production, $489 million of livestock production and $303 million of poultry production
Objective of the Organization: To ensure full implementation of the Fund's programme of work in compliance with the Regulations and Rules of the Fund and with decisions and guidelines issued by the Pension Board and General Assembly.
We cant handle an order that small . What is the minimum we would have to order .
Summary
ICT Assets (Inventory) System
One quarter of Africa's population is located in resource-rich coastal zones and a high proportion of gross domestic product is exposed to climate-influenced coastal risks.
Remittances are relatively concentrated in a group of 20 developing countries, which stand for 80% of total world remittances.
At the time of the preparation of the present note, the Division has two GIS officers and a third one was being recruited.
Though, we do have to cross our legs every time that damned Christian Dior advert comes on.
6. Reiterates the call for the full implementation of the Agreement on Movement and Access of 15 November 2005, particularly the urgent and uninterrupted reopening of all crossings into the Gaza Strip, which is crucial to ensuring the passage of foodstuffs and essential supplies, including construction materials and adequate fuel supplies, as well as to ensuring the unhindered access of the United Nations and related agencies and regular commercial flows necessary for economic recovery to and within the Occupied Palestinian Territory;
All fractures was radiographically healed and no migration and breakage of implants at the last follow - up .
Eleven members are to be elected according to the following pattern:
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system
There are two new houses under construction.
How the loss of skilled human resources through emigration can be addressed;
(b) Report of the Fifth Committee (A/59/912)
A cross-departmental Task Force should be set up to co-ordinate these actions by the end of 2011.
Additional adjustment in the main parameters of the existing distribution formula could then be considered by the Executive Board, including changes in the low-income and NCC thresholds and/or changes in the GNI per capita breakpoints at which the GNI per capita weights shift progressively.
In the end, this paper introduces the research methods and results on estimating the recreational values of forests in US and UK.
1. Reaffirm the continued validity of the Barbados Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States as the blueprint providing the fundamental framework for their sustainable development;
TARN, FRANCE – To the great poet T.S. Eliot, “April is the cruellest month.”
They could also give Macron more leverage to push through his reforms, by running candidates in national and EU-wide elections.
For this purpose, consumers include business users of intermediate inputs, whose product quality and cost structure are improved by competition among their suppliers and Governments undertaking public procurement.
The evaluation team visited 11 country offices in all regions.
WSJ: Did you learn perhaps to be more about talking about politics?
It looked full and replete
Measles, mumps, rubella (MMR vaccine)
UNIDO also supports the reduction of costs and risks to the environment through the correct use of chemicals in industry and proper management of waste.
Here again, a strong lead from the new Obama administration could have a beneficial effect.
Now, however, it seems that the situation has changed.
The members of the Commission also met that day with representatives of the United Nations agencies with offices in Guinea and with representatives of the Council of Religious Leaders, comprised of both Christians and Muslims.
External: variances caused by parties or situations external to the United Nations
From Regional and Field Administrative Offices
3 - 5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A (NLB)
(j) Letter dated 24 October 2000 from the Chairman of the Third Committee addressed to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/55/20) and letter dated 15 November 2000 from the President of the General Assembly to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/55/20/Add.1);
2,the cross-culture expert said, it's difficult to cope with different living style
In Latin America and parts of Asia and the Middle East there has been a steady trend towards greater rural landlessness, and in many cases a renewed pattern of land concentration.
"The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) will provide emergency relief assistance to the beneficiary population and respond to requests from the Palestinian Authority, host Governments and the Secretary-General as they arise, commensurate with available resources";
First Aid Training And Certificates
Also, many jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, allow for the possibility of taking into account supply side substitution when defining the relevant market.
Ap Tau Pai
Let him keep his money.I'll manage without.
73. Racism and racial discrimination within State institutions is a reality that States should not deny.
Welcoming the decision of the General Assembly to declare 30 August International Day of the Victims of Enforced Disappearances, as well as the decision of the Assembly in its resolution 65/196 of 21 December 2010 to proclaim, pursuant to the recommendation made by the Human Rights Council in its resolution 14/7 of 17 June 2010, 24 March as the International Day for the Right to the Truth concerning Gross Human Rights Violations and for the Dignity of Victims, and its call upon Member States, the United Nations system and other international and regional organizations, as well as civil society, to observe these days,
Chapter 3 covered the default workflow and the default settings when publishing content.
Asia-Pacific States:
These saboteurs threatened to blow up the factory if their demands were not met.
Recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last minute points to award.
Study of vitrification was focused on various embryo cells researches, while there was scarcely research into sheep skin bioprocessing.
The WHO-HQ-SA was granted access to the Programme, Budget and Administration Committee (PBAC) of the WHO Executive Board (EB) for the very first time in January 2012, even though it had requested such access as far back as 1993.
The wound was healing slowly.
Streamlining of support functions will enable the support staffing establishment to be decreased by 1 Field Service post and 3 national General Service posts.
Objectives The objectives of the UNFCCC reporting guidelines on annual inventories are:
Sittings of the DPAT will be convened only on a need basis. Inquiries can be referred to the DPAT Secretariat -
Don't throw it away, it may useful someday.
t really like Offers and Responses Can I help you, girl?
The export of sensitive items and related equipment and technologies that relate to foreign policy is subject to examination by the above-mentioned competent departments, in coordination with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Only members holding a blue card can enter this area.
Party shading/S46
Sports functions, restricted by the national political, economical and cultural conditions, are evolving and developing.
The electronic control cooling fan can control the temperature of refrigerant within the optimal range.
Mr. Griffin has provided a detailed account about those conditions (see para. 3.1 above).
Furthermore, the Committee recommends that the State party ensure that all students, including those undertaking military and religious studies, have access to an independent complaints mechanism.
General Assembly
Security issues in Kenya are exacerbated by both external and internal factors.
Several people have maintained that the method of comparing working hours for rota systems and shift work has unfortunate results for employees working on a rota system.
However, my country regrets that the review of the functioning of the Council did not ultimately lead to our exchange today taking the form of an interactive dialogue.
In the twelfth preambular paragraph, he said that the words "beginning of the" should be replaced with the word "subsequent", the word "redeployment" should be pluralized, and the words "in 1996" should be deleted.
The Security Council,
We're all humbly grateful for your kindness, and, as you see, puts faith in you, and takes the drugs down like that much grog.
Average selection time for UN-Habitat recruitment
The National Council recognizes that violence against women has historically contributed to gender discrimination, domination and power inequality, poverty and restricted access to education and health.
17. On 12 November, the Security Council unanimously adopted resolution 1137 (1997), inter alia, condemning Iraq's continued violations of its obligations and demanded that Iraq rescind its decision of 29 October 1997 and cooperate fully and immediately with the Special Commission.
January 1918 events
Sports venues completed in 1913
The Academy
Bidasoa
Sergei is covered in bandages.
Official meetings
He that will not stoop for a pin will never be worth a pound
They are the most genetically diverse marine organisms and dominate the oceans' biomass.
The average annual endosulfan usage in the world is estimated to have been 10.5 kt from 1980 to 1989 and 12.8 kt from 1990 to 1999.
Protect children from the illicit use of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, as defined in relevant international treaties;
These controls are verified and administered by IAEA.
(a) There are 131 ICT service desks, currently supporting multiple variable workstation environments as well as providing telecommunications support;
5. Requests the Bureau to provide oversight of strategic resource commitments to be made by the secretariat, including proposals for the recruitment of budgeted permanent staff.
Compiled additional information and prepared a draft risk profile in accordance with Annex E of the Convention and made it available to all Parties and observers for comment;
In saying this, I am not simply listing the problems we have to deal with, I also want to say that we, and particularly the Russian negotiating team, nevertheless think that we do have a good chance of getting enough votes in the State Duma and the Federation Council for ratification of the Treaty, and we are very much counting on the ratification process taking place in parallel, at the same time, as our Presidents have discussed.
According to the constitution which shall exercise authority in respect of the people and States of southern Sudan.
This text describe the method of getting free - substrate aligned array carbon nanotube.
The attack was unsuccessful.
Ballots Drawn for the Sale of Surplus HOS Flats Phase 2
Resource requirements for activities relating to Article 6 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Open Discussion on the NAPA Process
Furthermore, by the end of their two year term in Cambodia, four times as many U.N. soldiers had contracted HIV as were killed by hostilities or accidents.
The request unit pays the overtime pay for you?
98. Solidarity group-lending product.
Initial reports due in 1997 Netherlands 7 March 1995
These bound volumes are now available in the library.
And Kuato's gonna dig it out.
National holidays are set aside by official government proclamation to celebrate such occasions as the achievement of independence, the founding of the nation, the adoption of a constitution, the birthday of the ruler, or the national patron saint's day.
"The General Assembly,
43. At the same meeting, the representative of Colombia orally revised the draft resolution by deleting operative paragraph 10, which read:
Special attention has been placed on integrating human rights components in the coordinated activities of the United Nations at the country level as the most effective way to promote human rights and to coordinate efforts of the Organization.
15:00 to 18:00 8th meeting [webcast] Conference Room 4
The key was to preserve equity and justice in apportioning the expenses of the Organization.
They are resolved to continue the strike until all their requests are fulfilled.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, he could note that UNESCO had joined him in this conviction.
Mom: Every time I complain about the domestic chores with you, you just don't listen
It is further envisaged that all travel within the Mission area and in connection with Mission planning and administrative support between Mission locations be accommodated by utilizing MNF-I and commercial aircraft and that approximately $500,000 will be required for reimbursement to the MNF-I and some $90,000 for airfare in this respect.
1. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
Changes in the resource base
The President may, however, permit the discussion and consideration of proposals, of amendments to proposals or of procedural motions even though such proposals, amendments to proposals or motions have not been circulated or have been circulated only the same day.
25. Takes note of paragraph II.11 of the report of the Advisory Committee, and decides not to abolish two General Service (Other level) posts under subprogrammes 4, Decolonization, and 5, Question of Palestine;
Recalling its resolution 55/24 of 14 November 2000 and all previously adopted resolutions, as well as all relevant resolutions of the Security Council, regarding the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina,
Depend on You
73. The debate on the question of possible exceptions to immunity had also produced varying opinions and, in many ways, had mirrored the essential question concerning the general orientation of the topic.
2. Requests for hearings (A/C.4/68/2, A/C.4/68/3, A/C.4/68/4, A/C.4/68/5 and A/C.4/68/6)
this is the best night of my life.
In addition to the IDB and the Brazilian Government, the state and municipal governments also helped fund the programme, along with foundations and corporations.
10 June-5 July 2002
Mr. Lima, the last one to rape her, then took her neck and twisted it.
That highlighted the importance of promoting democracy and respect for human rights in preventing the refugee problem.
Introduction and general discussion
I would be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex to be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In addition, on 12 September, UNDOF observed a vehicle stolen from the Force being driven by armed members of the opposition in the vicinity of United Nations position 85.
In this regard, we have a few suggestions to make.
unknitted, unknit unknitted, unknit
Association of Non-Governmental Organizations
20. In addition, the Equal Status Council is preparing for the publication of teaching materials and the review of gender equality ideals within existing teaching materials, such as booklets or through the homepage, or by strengthening the corps of ambassadors in local authority areas and consequently dissemination of knowledge on the act on Equality of women and men.
31. Welcomes the cooperation of the Afghan Government and UNAMA with the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) with the implementation of resolution 1822 (2008), including by identifying individuals and entities participating in the financing or support of acts or activities of Al-Qaida and the Taliban using proceeds derived from illicit cultivation, production and trafficking of narcotic drugs and their precursors, and encourages the continuation of such cooperation;
However, one major problem with traditional criminal justice was the lack of a uniform definition of a "child" according to African customs.
Now that she's off the hook, Maybe you two can... patch things up.
The two most widely used are the cylindrical and surface grinders .
17.26 The amount of $250,000 of extrabudgetary resources would provide for conference services, including document preparation, translation and conference facilities to support the meetings of the Executive Board during the biennium 2012-2013.
In the past 40 years, as mentioned in the report of the Committee, 700,000 Palestinians -- who constitute one fifth of the entire Palestinian population of the occupied Palestinian territories -- have been detained and imprisoned.
United Nations
The Gaza training centre accommodated 834 trainees, including 114 women, in 14 trade courses and five technical/semi-professional courses.
Finally, the thesis discusses the issues yet to be resolved and the future research directions.
To ensure our good service, your conversation will be recorded.
Beijing's success, economically, will be as big a boost to Beijing as it was in the run up to the Games in Tokyo in 1964, and Seoul in 1988.
(c) Goals and expected accomplishments for the United Nations system (administering Powers, territorial Governments, experts and civil society).
The meeting rose at noon.
In some national contexts, this is an ongoing process that may take place according to established timelines or practices, such as periodic national security reviews.
10 October 1960
Theater Building Leaking Examination and Maintenance Project.
The mission of the Regional Disarmament Centres should be viewed in the same context.
He saw the ball fly directly towards that man in boat.
Were it up to women, Mr Lokke Rasmussen would be crushed and Denmark would get its first female prime minister, with a handsome majority.
10. Treatment of stockpiled ozone-depleting substances relative to compliance
17. The General Committee also brings to the attention of the General Assembly that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of the annex to resolution 58/126, the theme "The impact of the global food crisis on poverty and hunger in the world as well as the need to democratize the United Nations" has been proposed for the general debate at the sixty-third session.
General Assembly
United States
1970s thriller films
1. Mr. Simonds (Canada), speaking on behalf of Australia, Canada and New Zealand (CANZ), said that peacekeeping forces were being put to the test as conflict situations increasingly presented multidimensional challenges and asymmetric threats -- as evidenced by the recent reprehensible attacks on forces deployed in West Darfur and Somalia.
Let me recall also that two major international institutions are located in the Principality of Monaco.
When Mai-Mai guerrillas and Rwandan Interahamwe militia attack RCD-controlled towns, RCD requests reinforcements for defence. If, on arrival, the reinforcements do not encounter the enemy, they have been known to commit unspeakable massacres of the civilian population.
The Chair of the Committee proposed, and the Committee agreed to recommend to the General Assembly to note that a balance of $22,408,100 remained in the contingency fund.
Transducers used in professional loudspeaker systems, using tin - lead solder.
Development, or the lack thereof, is everyone's business.
6. During the night of 4 to 5 August, approximately 40 Kosovo Serbs gathered in Mitrovica (Multinational Task Force North) after a Kosovo Serb was attacked by Kosovo Albanians.
(iii) Facilitating prosecution and/or, as appropriate, disciplinary sanctions for those indicated by the investigation as being responsible, and demonstrating the need for full reparation and redress from the State, including fair and adequate financial compensation and provision of the means for medical care and rehabilitation.
It may be noted here that an agreement was recently signed with the Faculty of Chemistry of the University of San Carlos (USAC) in connection with the use of laboratories.
The car is gaining speed.
28/1978, Weisz
To be held on Wednesday, 9 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
The Court was also granted three of the nine law clerk posts that it had requested, which has to a certain extent facilitated the exercise of its judicial duties.
The European Union continues to actively monitor the evolving situation in the Sudanese region of Darfur and expresses its deep concern for the rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation on the ground.
The Commission must indeed focus less on paper and more on action, especially in the light of the broad agreement on the priorities set by Sierra Leone.
What is the subject of this paragraph (passage)17
The clock strikes with a loud and clear sound.
Chapter Six summarizes Cui Zhiyuan's status and impact from the view of his poems and prose, his influence in Korea, China and even in the cultural communications between China and Korea.
Also please provide information on programmes for women entrepreneurs, including to enhance their access to loans and credit.
4. Invites Member States to provide appropriate human and financial support for such work.
Simultaneously he also expressed that does not about this matter.
Xerox thinks it has hit on something big to breathe life into the ailing market for high-volume office printers: It’s called color.
It was also recommended that the Secretary-General encourage international and regional organizations to engage in and discuss more actively the issue of emerging technologies.
Members of the public to buy rice noodles, available through signs and perform standard identification.
26. In August 2010, seven other Baha'i community leaders, who had been detained in May 2008 and produced for a trial in January 2010, were sentenced to 20 years in prison, which was subsequently reduced to 10 years.
17. The world's focus must be on concrete results.
Any measure by the nuclear-weapon States aimed at the drastic reduction and eventual elimination of their nuclear arsenals would make a genuine and tangible contribution to the cause of disarmament.
(a) Advisory services:
NATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS FROM PARTIES INCLUDED IN ANNEX I TO THE CONVENTION
25. Moreover, it is noted that the occurrence of racism and racially motivated attacks, as well as incidents directed against members of ethnic minorities, impede the implementation of the Convention.
Entered into force on 1 February 2000.
To date, seven quinquennial reports have been submitted, the most recent in 2005 (E/2005/3), covering the period from 1999 to 2003.
The Conference of the Parties will receive a report on the status of the development of the technical guidelines on environmentally sound management of mercury waste (UNEP/CHW.9/19 and UNEP/CHW.9/INF/24).
Taxonomy/Cymothoida
This is a muscle. If you use it, it will become stronger .
(b) While the use of children in pornography is generally prohibited by the Children's Act of 2004 (article 32), there do not seem to exist provisions criminalizing the production, distribution, dissemination, importation, exportation, offer, sale or possession of child pornography as defined in article 2 of the Protocol;
I'll call the real estate office right now.
Item 107 (a) of the provisional agenda*
Legal framework for electronic transactions introduced
Like the blind we grope along the wall, feeling our way like men without eyes.
During this historic Millennium Assembly, the Members of this global community will seek to make the goals and the work of the United Nations more relevant to its Members in these swiftly changing times.
The One Laptop Per Child project aims to provide cheap laptops to children in the developing world.
The aim of the proposal was to focus the article on the enjoyment by indigenous peoples of all rights established under applicable national and international labour law.
5. Alcide Djédjé
Subsequently, from 26 to 29 July, 43 members of the Platform participated in a strategic planning exercise aimed at enhancing women's participation in formal politics and governance, and adapted a four-year action plan with a strong gender agenda to improve the status and role of women in society.
Measures will be adopted to inform and involve public authorities, including the police and other actors in the criminal justice systems, of the States in the region.
Social science, law
The aim of the RSPB are to campaign about environmental issues, protect, restore and manage endangered environments and to research bird life.
Anyway, there must be many people who want to be a Ph. D student, I think.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs (MARA), through its farmer education and extension programme, is mandated to provide good farming methods and introduce appropriate technology to rural communities in order to increase farm income and levels of productivity in crop and livestock production.
13. The following intergovernmental organization was represented as an observer: the European Union.
Global Alliance; WHO; RBM working group; Regional Centres
Most felt their generation was more privileged and money - orientated than their predecessors.
In line with its general recommendation No. 31 (2005) on the prevention of racial discrimination in the administration and functioning of the criminal justice system, the Committee recommends that the State party take steps to unify its legislation and simplify judicial procedures in cases of racial discrimination, and strengthen the mandate of the Ombudsman.
66. On 10 May the Special Rapporteur received a communication from the Government of Brazil concerning the cases of lawyers Roberto Monte and João Marques, stating that the Government had transmitted the Special Rapporteur=s urgent appeal to the competent authorities for additional information, which would be submitted to the Special rapporteur when available.
Gundegmaa Otryad of Mongolia finished second on 792.2
52. The discussions among the participants addressed a wide range of issues, with considerable attention paid to various elements of fair trial procedure in the light of the main element of general comment No. 32 of the Human Rights Committee on article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium
so i can only hear the laughing and did't catch what wwere so funny. but today, i can understand most of the lines even without subtitle.
Will nuclear energy be politically acceptable, safe, and low cost?
Thats one reason why its difficult to project out too far.
The ratio of signal level to noise level(SN ratio) is a very important index for VTR and the noise is chiefly from magnetic recording system.
The Warriors of Qiugang
`What is the meaning of that old stone I have passed?
Category
In the United States, for example, net employment generation in the third of the economy that produces tradable goods and services was essentially zero over the last two decades.
Cryptic speciation (i.e., the presence of multiple species previously identified as single species) appeared to be very common in the polychaetes and nematodes.
And hold me warm against your heart.
We put it through the cellular hygiene detector.
The meetings under this header are closed.
Messages stored in the journal queue count toward the quota for the computer on which the journal is located.
103. Returning to the references made to the law on the press, the delegation reiterated that there was no definitive law and that if it transpired that the 2010 law was inadequate in any respect, amendments could be considered in consultation with the relevant stakeholders.
As far back as the end of January, when the solar eclipse came by, you began to think about your home.
The world could no longer remain a silent spectator to such acts of genocide.
On 11 June 2002, the Constitutional Court rejected the request for a constitutional review.
The General Assembly, which represents the entire world, has been hampered by the obstacles in its path.
I'm full. I can't eat any more.
First, Japan firmly believes that the qualifications of any country for permanent membership in the Security Council should be based on that country's real contribution to the maintenance of international peace and security.
In theology, ethics and politics alike, the problem is "one of controlling and ridding the world of sin" .
However, it is frequently an impediment to tourism expansion in countries where that infrastructure is deficient.
49. Achieving the Millennium Development Goals, which incorporate many ICPD goals, remained central to the work of UNFPA.
Control about each axis is provided by manipulating hinged control surfaces on the aircraft.
The ancient capital of Singhalese kings of Ceylon, it has extensive ruins and is a Buddhist pilgrimage center. Population, 3', 000.
The Battle for Port Scion, Whitefall Steppes: Using Riftstalker's Flashback will cause you to drop the Sourcestone.
56. His delegation expected that the review of the implementation of Agenda 21 by the special session of the General Assembly in June 1997 would give a fresh impetus to the implementation of the Agenda through the allocation of new and additional resources.
Workshops on UNMIBH and UNAMSIL
Unit interval
27 July 1998
During her visit to Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur spoke with the families of victims of the massacres in Mangobo, who told her that they could be subjected to reprisals at any time.
Violent combat is rare.
But for all his wealth, this Saudi Royal still seeks something money can't buy.
Hug yourself by putting your arms across your chest, smile and love yourself.
The resources requested will be dedicated to establishing an effective regime capable of receiving, recording, storing electronically and tracking all personnel administration actions received and processed by the Service under the broad delegations of human resources authorities granted to the Department of Field Support.
In Honduras, 37,590 disaster-affected people were organized into groups for improved value chain development in the agriculture sector, leading to secure and long-term employment.
Represents various dampers. Damper type can be specified.
110. The Kosovo consolidated budget covers mainly the annual operating costs of the JIAS departments.
Indicators of achievement
The following translation of what I would like to thank a few sentences.
In the Pacific, we are concentrating on security issues, strengthening law and order and maintaining stability.
Therefore, the Kyrgyz State drug control agency, which was liquidated a year ago, has recently been restored.
Extracurricular activities and educational models, materials and methods have been provided and information on the relevance of the Mexican National Campaign for Cultural Diversity will be included in training programmes for parents and communities.
They patrol social gatherings, maintaining order through a show of power and the implicit threat of violence. They are the pigtail-macaque police, and you'd better not mess with them
(c) To circulate regularly to Member States the periodic reports mentioned in paragraph 6 above;
RIGHTS OF THE CHILD
Airliner accidents and incidents by airline
A China with GDP-per-capita of just 26% that of the U.S. would be number one -- although it would still be a poor country.
- Act No. 2000-493 of 6 June 2000 intended to facilitate equal access by men and women to electoral mandates and elective posts;
(Signed) Herminio Moniz
Acknowledging that the United Nations congresses on crime prevention and criminal justice, as major intergovernmental forums, have influenced national policies and practices and promoted international cooperation in that field by facilitating the exchange of views and experience, mobilizing public opinion and recommending policy options at the national, regional and international levels,
The draft resolution proposed by the Chair was adopted by the Committee without a vote.
441. The analysis of the linear trend of life expectancy at birth in central Serbia and Vojvodina, in the period of eight years (1990-1997) singled out two critical periods characterised by a value decrease for this indicator for male newborn babies in 1992/93 and 1996/97.
The importance for the host Government to conduct or obtain its own feasibility studies would also be discussed.
Languages of official documents
Dr. Wendy Hazel Oddy of the Telethon Institute for ChildHealthResearch in Perth and colleagues looked at 1,803 children andtheirmothers participating in a large pregnancy study.
The EWL recognizes the changing nature of modern day armed conflict and war which increasingly encompasses internal border conflicts and international terrorism.
5. The Institute had also sought, through a number of initiatives, to work more closely with other United Nations bodies concerned with economic and social issues, in line with the recommendations of the Beijing Platform for Action and the Economic and Social Council.
Instead, she should try giving him loving acceptance. This is what he needs, not lectures.
But that reminds me that I must ask your leave of absence for some days.
The separated (B4) oil can thus be collected from the relatively ice-free water surface (WL1 ) with an oil collecting device (200), which may have for example a brush skimmer.
Air forces
It was reported that most of the dead and wounded were civilians hit by stray bullets.
(i) States should be encouraged to add a legal section to their reports on the Millennium Development Goals, describing specifically the legal environment.
Calculating the optimization design of the tunnel, the damped effect is considered obvious.
Fortunately, change seems to be underway.
1 P-5
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully, with the assistance of its experts, and has written to the Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments. Bulgaria has been requested to provide a response in the form of a fourth report by 16 April 2004.
23. After five years of negotiations, the Convention on the Conservation and Management of Fishery Resources in the South-East Atlantic Ocean was signed in Windhoek on 20 April 2001.
These markets are also used by speculators.
Awareness-raising campaigns are also organised in the context of 8th of March celebrations.
Content of human rights education
Police, customs and immigration officers are stationed at these airports and ports.
It made recommendations.
UN (2007).
You guys can also talk each other like this. Wish you find friends soon
Article 3 of the draft declaration states very simply, in the same terms exactly as those of the Charter, our right to self—determination.
A. Integrated waste management
ZU-23-2
Therefore, the launching of awareness-raising dialogues among all civilizations, which forge and strengthen relationships, is of the utmost urgency.
5. We hereby submit comprehensive information from the competent Belarusian bodies on the situation of Mr. Sannikov, including information on the legal aspect of this case.
The Samoa Conference will provide an opportunity to pursue more effective implementation of existing mandates for small island developing States and to ensure clear delineation of the roles, accountability, an accurate reflection of current realities and an assessment of the ability of United Nations entities to address new and emerging issues.
As was explained earlier, in the section on"Somaliland", for the stable regions, such as "Somaliland" and "Puntland", the independent expert will use as a standard the elements of democracy that were elaborated in Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/57.
Mitsuyuki Yoshihiro
The investigations show that firebrick falling off, which results in the water wall exposure to high temperature radiation region, is the main reason for the accident.
The Committee noted that all the regional centres had entered into an affiliation agreement with the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
Since civil society activists were sometimes involved in political activities, he wondered if she could help make a distinction between human rights activism and political involvement.
It also contained information on the seventh inter-committee meeting and the twentieth meeting of chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, notably their decision to convene a second inter-committee meeting in 2008.
That is another aspect of the situation.
Students kick-off the semester with a party!
7. On the basis of the recommendations of the World Health Organization (WHO), national clinical protocols on assessment and antiretroviral therapy for adults and adolescents and medical care for children with HIV/AIDS were drawn up and approved by decree No. 480 of the Ministry of Health of 30 October 2007.
In 1979 China began to adopt a fishing permit system to curb reckless fishing, and in 1987 the country began to control fishing boats' horsepower.
Spy Game, 17.5 million
The State party submits that these allegations are libellous and inflammatory as no evidence from the neighbours and friends has been adduced by the author.
Section XX: regional coordination
The session is divided into two segments:
(iv) The future framework should aim at reducing inequality gaps while focusing on the most economically and socially deprived members of society.
The paper was introduction fatty primary secondary amine of secondary amines and production process and application.
She could feel the crush of the bones in her hand.
(b) Recognition of improved performance through the assignment of work of greater difficulty or responsibility.
72. The Secretary-General’s report does not provide a timeline for the ERP project.
The manager is tired of listening to the guest's grouse.
(e) The normal costs of packing, crating and lift vans, cartage, unpacking and uncrating shall be reimbursed for unaccompanied shipments authorized under the present rule, except for shipments under conditions established by the Secretary-General for which the cost of cartage only shall be paid.
Agenda item 141
In 2005, with the assistance of employment agencies, 278 women were recruited to vacant posts under the quota system.
47 Aglaja
Enhanced action on mitigation and the associated enabling and supporting action on technology development and transfer and on the provision of financial resources and investment;
VI. Future action by the Secretariat
2 General Assembly resolution 55/2.
The validity of the algorithm was illustrated with an example.
I also sympathize with the authors because I understand the difficulty of getting data and information about Than Shwe out of Burma.
 (f) Programme of work for the thirteenth session;
It may be recalled that the SBI at its eighth session initiated the discussion on the scheduling of submission of third and subsequent national communications by Annex I Parties and agreed with the thrust of the proposals contained in document FCCC/SBI/1998/INF.1.
He reiterated the call by the Secretary-General for immediate action to strengthen the process, a reaffirmation of road map requirements and their implementation, and clear terms of reference for negotiations on all core issues grounded in the resolutions of the Council and agreements reached between the parties.
People said that she was being brought up and educated in a religious house, where she was learning every royal virtue.
The top commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan says weapons intercepted last month in the country originated in Iran.
Article 20 138 21
This can cause a vicious circle as debtors are forced to sell assets, driving prices down.
The analysis results show that relative humidity and total cloud cover are the two important factors influencing the variations of solar global radiation.
"The Security Council expresses its concern regarding the direct threat that the combats pose for the safety of the civilian population, including internally displaced persons and refugees.
1. The Secretary-General, introducing the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 (A/54/6/Rev.1 (Vols.
Confide and talk to someone whom you trust about your problem.
Ms. RODRIGUEZ (Peru) (translated from Spanish): In my statement on 23 June I reaffirmed the importance Peru attaches to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, which we consider as a fundamental element for reaching the objective of nuclear disarmament and avoiding the proliferation of such weapons.
Rhaphicera
These policies have hindered US exports to China and therefore have become a major obstacle for bilateral trade balance.
Yeah, see you around, kid.
If you try anything like that again, I'll beat cheh to death.
Top bunk: Where you should never put a child wearing Superman jammies.
It also examines the work of the Evaluation Office and clears the release of reports to the public domain.
He wanted to plunge in and expostulate with her, and yet he found himself fishing for words and feeling for a way.
(f) generally perform all other work that the Conference may require.
Investigations, prosecutions and convictions
The Fund was actively developing working relationships and interfaces with the three popular ERP systems and was expecting an increase in the number of participant records exchanged electronically.
Of course, China still boasts tremendous investment potential in the long term, especially given the relatively low urbanization rate and the need for structural reform and industrial upgrading.
Full size substance specimen tests shall not be replaced by mechanical properties tests with small size specimen.
You cannot move from multiple workspaces into a single workspace.
But Dales said he expects a sub-par recovery becauseof high unemployment, tight credit and still-high debt loads.
Considering also that the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in accordance with the procedures established by the General Assembly in its resolution 41/213 of 19 December 1986 and relevant subsequent resolutions, already provides its views and guidance on the proposed biennial programme plan and on the crime programme, which forms the basis for the formulation of the proposed programme budget for the next biennium and whose narrative part is subsequently considered by the Commission,
Baiyun District, Guangzhou
870. Healthy eating habits are promoted, people are taught how to assess the healthiness of their eating habits, and healthiness of school meals is improved.
The young people who invaded the streets of Tunis and other cities in the country in late December 2010 and early January 2011 belong to all strata of society: poor and rich; men and women; boys and girls; entrepreneurs and unemployed; educated and illiterate people.
The Security Council provides the institutional and conceptual framework best suited to dealing with most of the major challenges of globalization.
The Assembly decided on four occasions to increase the number of Vice-Presidents (resolutions 1104 (XI), 1192 (XII), 1990 (XVIII) and 33/138).
In addition, seven international staff were deployed, without replacement, to other operations as shown below:
But Africa cannot do it alone.
H.E. Mr. Juan Antonio Yáñez-Barnuevo
However, the public usually pass through these areas quickly and are not inclined to linger.
A fine calligraphy work is a combination of sense and sensibility, while we should not overemphasize one to the neglect of the other.
The advice to be received by the Council is basically about human rights and therefore needs to come from human rights experts and experts on indigenous issues.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
In its resolution 2007/20 of 26 July 2007, on international cooperation in the prevention, investigation, prosecution and punishment of economic fraud and identity-related crime, the Economic and Social Council recalled its request for information gained in this area to be used to develop useful practices, guidelines or other materials.
To supervise and promote six sigma program and meet the goals.
Education shall be given to students studying abroad for the purpose of urging them to observe the laws of the residing countries, studying hard, respecting themselves, getting on well with people in the residing countries, loving the motherland, maintaining the honour and interests of the country and wining glory for the country.
Western Asia
2-week rate Annual rate
Im most calm after a long run. 865
13. Information technology.
14.5 Social security
C. Debt relief
Thus the radical feminist held that women through history had been oppressed and dehumanized, mainly because man chose to exploit his wife and the mother of his children.
In cooperation with other members of the Inter-Agency Task Force, the Office coordinated the preparation of briefs for Security Council missions, e.g. to West Africa and the Great Lakes.
9. The Special Representative of the Secretary-General reported to the Working Group on her visits to Afghanistan, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
(29) The State party is invited to submit its next periodic report, which will be considered as the second report, by 21 November 2012.
The right must therefor be narrowly formulated to make it clear, first, that it may not be invoked to protect the property of a State's nationals abroad and, secondly, that it may only be invoked in emergencies to justify the rescue of foreign nationals.
Cihan Terzi (Turkey) (2015)
125. The Advisory Committee continues to be unhappy with the structure and scope of leadership in this critical area.
I will tell this self-evident truth to everyone under my influence when I get back to my country, I will tell them, I shall do this.
Actuarial valuations
PSIC. CECILIA LORÍA SAVIÑÓN Network for a New Women's Millennium
The conclusions of the intergovernmental consultation on strengthening the scientific base of UNEP highlighted a number of important needs in the broad areas of environmental monitoring, data collection and analysis, integrated assessment and information exchange.
America and the Age of Genocide.
These areas were identified during the conduct of a feasibility study concluded in October 2007.
The Council also endorsed the Commission's request to the Secretary-General and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to provide all the necessary human, technical and financial assistance to the Special Rapporteur for the effective fulfilment of his mandate.
In these valleys night reigns.
In 1987, the State Department approved Tangshan city to be a coastal economic open zone. approve ... to be coastal economic open In 1987, the State Council approved Tangshan being an open city of coastal economy approve ... being  coastal economy
The State party not having denied the allegation, the Committee found that a violation of article 10, paragraph 2 (a), had occurred.
The sheep were driven to the local abattoir.
5.1 The author of the communication challenges certain facts provided by the State party.
Does the advisor understand the problem and have the ability to help with a decision?
"Obesity is a major cause of pet illness, which is not only costly to treat, but traumatic for both animal and owner."
The Secretariat's review of the proposal is set out in document UNEP/CHW.9/INF/9.
Revised draft terms of reference for the Committee, which would be included in the Fund's Rules of Procedure, were to be submitted to the Board in 2006.
Rule 77
42. Under the operative part of that resolution, the General Assembly:
There were similarities in institutional, legal and regulatory systems with Russian as the common language.
In August 2005 the Turkish Forces were persuaded that they should engage in the demining programme.
This technique has been proved to be effective in preventing the gel cracking and shortening the period of the process.
Brazil holds that companies located in Brazil are subject only to Brazilian legislation.
We believe that in the country and regional programmes of the UNDP and other specialized agencies, we need to contemplate measures to provide programme countries with the technical and other assistance they need to minimize the impact of such unfairly restricted access of their products to the markets of developed countries, of politically motivated unilateral sanctions and other measures that hinder economic growth in developing countries.
III. Recent activities with regard to the repatriation and return of all Kuwaiti and third-country nationals or their remains
This work is only the beginning in preparation for the transfer of the first rule 11 bis cases from the Tribunal to the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina for the domestic processing.
3. The author claims that he was unrepresented during the investigation, notwithstanding his request to be represented.
2 Keys Points to Take Note While Preparing Instant Noodles 1) Wash the instant noodles with warm water first, stir it and pour away the water ing the wax coating.
(a) The presentation of the submission by coastal State representatives at the first meeting of the Commission concerning the submission in accordance with paragraph 2 (a) of section II; and
(b) Challenging the patterns of attaching value and special status to nuclear weapons: Non-nuclear weapons States could consider the potential of a broad political discourse that challenges existing nuclear weapons narratives.
Ireland
I. Introduction
44. Ms. Zerrougui recalled some important issues for future research developed in her report, in particular, the need to focus on domestic norms that were discriminatory or applied in a discriminatory manner.
Ending this inequity is at the heart of history’s largest and most successful anti-poverty push – the Millennium Development Goals.
She lost track of all the times her family had to move because her parents had squandered the rent money on drugs.
http://www.education.gov.uk/childrenandyoungpeople/healthandwellbeing/b0074766/uncrc. Home Office CRPD OP-CRPD
Would you fetch some water for the children?
At the last review, carried out in 1998, the Board agreed to maintain unchanged the size and composition of the 33-member Board and the 15-member Standing Committee and to allocate the seats of both bodies for the period covered by the four regular Board sessions held after 1998.
Depending on the quality of our word list and the accuracy of our guess, we should be able to get a reasonable list of words to use for possible matches.
You know my name.
Aohara Station
In China, Syngenta's PPPs include involvement with the Hubei Biopesticide Engineering Research Centre, and the Shanghai Institute of Organic Chemistry for crop protection innovations.
Facilitate humanitarian assistance and humanitarian worker access
My boss just looks at me.
It is essential that States promote efforts to combat extreme poverty and hunger and also foster participation by the poorest members of society in decision-making processes.
Attention was also given to the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, celebrated on 26 June 1998 in cooperation with the Vienna-based NGO committee and the Government of Austria.
Liquids respond to changes in temperature.
A straightforward talk is better than a flowery speech.
The voting was as follows:
It makes my head look like a soccer ball.
The smuggled tantalum is then taken to warehouses in Gisenyi, where it is tagged.
46. National forest programmes, as described in the report of IPF on its fourth session (see E/CN.17/1997/12, para. 17 (a)), should facilitate development and transfer of environmentally sound technologies in support of sustainable forest management and forest products processing.
The nature of the tourism industry is such that the process of policy-making needs to encompass a diversity of issues e.g.:
 As explained below, this will result from disbursements in 1994 relating to commitments incurred in 1993 for construction to be completed in early 1995, as well as a delay in receipt of funds for reimbursement from partner agencies.
MONROVIA, LIBERIA – This week, the 27 members of the High-level Panel of Eminent Persons on the Post-2015 Development Agenda gather in Monrovia, Liberia, to advise United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
You are either pedantic or abnormal. This is not a research project, but a forum.
We welcome the convening of this debate today, and we would like to recall that desertification and land degradation affect all regions of the world and continue to pose a serious threat to sustainable development at the national, regional and global levels.
4.16. Accurate statistical information relating to socioeconomic conditions of the people will be gathered and collated to better enable identification of social and economic rights issues and their resolution;
The above decision, among other draft decisions recommended by the Sub-Commission, was not acted upon by the Commission on Human Rights due to the short and procedural nature of its sixtysecond and final session (see also paragraph 7 above).
Or you can adjust the system to give a more linear throttle response - the choice is yours!
5.1 International Monitoring System 8 210 000
52/494. The situation in Burundi
For starters, to avoid the kind of obstructionism that prevailed in the last eight years, the next president must engage Congress directly and actively.
I live at 233 Galaxy Road.
In order to further integrate its work with the substantive work of the Organization, the Department of Public Information consulted with client departments on strategies and tactics to communicate messages on their key priorities.
It was, however, recognized that the task would be difficult since this would first involve a selection of the fundamental principles from the main legal systems of the world, and would then entail the distinction between the principles, rules and subsidiary rules.
They fried up some chicken for dinner.
The capacity for persons injured by landmines to receive blood transfusions and safe blood / serum supplies on a national or regional scale is largely unknown. There is limited access to supplies of pain relieving medication.
Citizens also volunteer time through formal organizations in fields such as health, literacy, sports and social welfare.
It turns out that understanding and promoting health is a great application of information technology.
This item, previously referred to as "Israeli nuclear armament", was included in the agenda of the thirty-fourth session of the General Assembly, in 1979, at the request of Iraq (A/34/142).
I even took apart the pipes in my bathroom because I was convinced that it had gone down the drain in the sink.
Reginald Maudling
Volsinii
Working Group on Peacekeeping Operations
Article 19 An arbitration agreement shall exist independently.Any changes to, rescission, termination or invalidity of the contract shall not affect the validity of the arbitration agreement.
At present, there are federations of persons with disabilities at the national, provincial, municipal, county and town/neighbourhood levels, with a staff of 94,595 people.
OIC Group (at the ambassadorial level)
In the dim light he was just able to make out the form of a great bewhiskered fellow sitting on a bed, the top of his head swathed in a white turban.
(d) Human settlements
The efforts of the United Nations to strengthen the rule of law in conflict and post-conflict situations must be based on national assessments, national participation and national needs and aspirations.
The Commission may wish to review the work on the revision and to adopt the proposed ISIC and CPC classifications.
I am pleased to inform the Committee that, on 30 September 2004, Tanzania ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT).
6 January 2005
Adding these figures up we can find the answer.
The LWV also attended the UN GA Special Session on Children, May 8 to 10, 2002.
This will go a long way in overcoming the difficulty.
"The Security Council recognizes that regional organizations are well positioned to understand the root causes of many conflicts closer to home and to influence the prevention or resolution, owing to their knowledge of the region.
ON THE face of it, Romania's software industry could hardly be doing better.
MONUSCO further encouraged the Government of Rwanda to work through the Goma-based Expanded Joint Verification Mechanism to investigate the incident.
In its Resolution 49/204 (of 23.12.1994), the first of a series on the "Situation of Human Rights in Kosovo", the General Assembly acknowledged the "continuing deterioration" of the human rights situation in Kosovo, with "various discriminatory measures taken in the legislative, administrative and judicial areas, acts of violence and arbitrary arrests perpetrated against ethnic Albanians in Kosovo", including:
- Prolapse of genital organs, fistulas;
3.3 By failing to apply the less severe statute, the author claims, the State violated the principle of the primacy of international law over domestic law.
I don't think any child should be allowed to operate a motor vehicle until they're at least big enough to see over the steering wheel.
The boat chugged along the canal.
Linggu Temple
The conference was aimed at sharing the current perspectives and broad possibilities for governments to apply technology to the benefit of their economies and societies.
The South African Competition Commission analysed a merger proposal between AP Moller-Maersk ("Maersk") and Royal P&O Nedlloyd N.V. ("PONL"), who are both in the shipping industry.
The lower requirements were partially offset by the higher than budgeted consumption of spare parts due to the elections in early 2010.
:: Safeguard forests, as appropriate, from fire, insects, diseases, pollution and alien species
The controls at the Finnish borders fully meet the requirements of the Schengen acquis concerning the controls at external borders.
13. The Board examined a compilation of definitions of torture in international law prepared by the Secretariat. It also requested the Secretariat to work on a compilation of the jurisprudence relating to the interpretation of the definition of torture by international and regional treaty-based human rights bodies.
In summary, the overall sense of the round table was that there is an urgent need for a new development paradigm, with environmental sustainability and social inclusion at its centre.
 Further consideration was given to new alternative approaches with a view to reaching early agreement to give new impetus to the process of strengthening cooperation and ensuring peace, security and stability in the Indian Ocean region.
Will you go out with me this Saturday?
May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/56/L.63/Rev.1?
This figure was grossly inadequate by any standards of living.
Thus, such initiatives should be planned based on the following guidelines:
S/AC.44/2004/(02)/72
27.2 The overall objectives of the programme are: (a) to enable the effective conduct of United Nations activities by ensuring a coherent, effective and timely response to all security-related threats and other emergencies; (b) to ensure effective risk mitigation through the establishment of a coordinated security threat and risk assessment mechanism in the framework of a common system-wide methodology in full cooperation with national authorities of host countries; and (c) to develop high-quality best-practice security policies, standards and operational procedures across the United Nations system, including the appropriate degree of standardization, and to support their implementation and monitor compliance.
A leading role could be played by UNESCO in mobilizing such support from the United Nations system and the international community.
The woman to be free, tell a psychologist, she was kept in the house all day chores.
We cannot really complain about the Greeks causing a devaluation of the Europeeuro.
Vehicle identification number
A mold used in stereotyping and designed to receive positive impressions of type or illustrations from which metal plates can be cast.
Evaluation and comparison of tenders, and the use of procurement to promote industrial, social and environmental policies
Also, terminals deduct different types of delay from GGH to determine net gang hours.
International and local staff
The last regular session (eighth) of the Conference was held in Vienna from 29 November to 3 December 1999.
The six members of the Latin American Reserve Fund are: Bolivia, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
I was almost there when a sarcastic voice below said, 'I don't think the windows need cleaning at this time of the night.
Report of the Government of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines pursuant to Security Council resolution 1540 (2004)
Miller's Magic Weapon--Flexibly Adjusting the Length of Sifting and the Size of Mesh
Due to rising concerns about product quality standards, Chinese consumers are less willing to try new products.
Cabinet Decisions
Assistance should be provided in accordance with the capacity of the recipient of the country: training of the human resources is essential, some of the regulations related to the prevention of bioterrorism should be considered in organising the technical training.
International cooperation for humanitarian assistance
14. A number of members of the United Nations country team are co-located in UNAMA compounds (the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and substantive staff in compound B with the International Labour Organization (ILO), UNDP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization, the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women and the United Nations Volunteers, while administration (Mission Support) is located at the United Nations Operations Centre in Afghanistan (UNOCA) compound, together with the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children's Fund, the United Nations Office for Project Services and the World Health Organization).
Definiteness of Purpose The importance of definiteness of purpose had better be clear to you by now.
34. Statements XXXVI in part one and XXIV in part two reflect activities of UNOSOM, which is in its liquidation phase. There are a number of liabilities incurred that could not be discharged since a number of Member States have not paid their outstanding contributions for this operation.
It spreads silently.
Amendment of the Agreement Special Meetings may amend the provisions governing the Corporation in respect of all administrative and procedural matters, as required for the more effective fulfilment of its purposes.
(ii) Those who fail to release a report in accordance with the report provision or those who release a false report are punished with administrative fines.
In addition, the private and non-governmental sector are opening nurseries and kindergartens and charging fees scaled to rural and urban living standards.
In deciding the claim, the Panel finds that the claimant did not provide sufficient evidence to establish that, had Iraq not invaded Kuwait, it would have completed its work under the original contract on the expected completion date, and that it would have been paid by PAMA on that date.
*International Center for Scientific and Technical Information
" He went home and told his mother what had happened, and that he had sent his father the horse so that he might not have to be always running about.
How do I find the canisters?
The relationships between Chinese consciousness of history and its cognition of international order have constructed the identity of China.
Culpepper fakes handoff to Williams. He will throw.
 This was not fully satisfactory to every delegation, but it was an agreement that everybody could live with.
:: Monitoring, verification, investigation and reporting of 100 per cent of incidents involving the use of cluster munitions or other conventional weapons deemed to have indiscriminate effects
10. The Advisory Committee recommends that the Fifth Committee inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.17, as orally revised, additional resources in the total amount of $9,519,300 would be required under the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 as follows: section 9, Economic and social affairs ($739,600); section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management ($8,689,800); and section 28D, Office of Central Support Services ($89,900).
IEER's publications were distributed to United Nations delegates, including Rule of Power or Rule of Law?
Total, 1 less 2
Annex 4 National energy balance
These parties should fulfil their obligations, refrain from entering into agreements or contracts involving the Territory and show the necessary political will by participating in the negotiations supported by the international community.
"The Security Council welcomes the report of the SecretaryGeneral on the United Nations Integrated Mission in TimorLeste, as well as the briefing by the Special Representative of the SecretaryGeneral for TimorLeste, Mr. Atul Khare, on 19 August 2008.
68. Madagascar reported that under existing legislation, the international safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty are already more or less observed.
2. Minute of silent prayer or meditation.
It owns the Communication Building in HongKong where it houses its headquarters.
To our pioneering spirit, in order to provide quality industrial globalization, environmental protection packing of goods.
It wasn't a meeting Between two Scylla cardholders, agent Self.
Baassanio If it please you to dine with us.
If UNFPA is to succeed in its endeavours to assist countries in achieving the ICPD goals, the ICPD+5 key actions and the MDGs, its regular resources will need to annually exceed the $300 million level.
57. Ms. Feng Cui noted that the fifth periodic report stated that the Penal Code had been amended to improve the life of prostitutes.
We take this chance to stree that we are ready to provide the information you need at any time .
Why should it bother me
Participation and reporting on regular meetings of WTO and in relation to the Doha agenda negotiations.
A high level of local contributions to major decisions will ensure that land is used appropriately after it has been released.
As the Mid-term Review fell between a number of major international conferences, it represented an opportunity for stocktaking and moving forward on issues raised at those conferences, including those linked to UNCTAD's own work programme.
The figures for the Eastern European and Latin American regions are much lower (about 1.9 and 1.1 per cent respectively).
My Special Representative stands ready to brief the Council in this regard.
107. An integrated operation headquarters will be established in El Fasher, with three joint sector headquarters in El Fasher, Nyala and El Geneina.
From 1997 to 2006, central committee representatives of the democratic parties spoke (including handing in written speeches) 370 times at meetings of the CPPCC National Committee, addressing a series of significant issues relating to reform, development and social stability, such as accelerating the optimization and upgrading of industrial structures, promoting the development of cyclic economy, paying due attention to the management of disasters and the establishment of an emergency response system, safeguarding and guaranteeing the legitimate rights of migrant workers, improving the social security system, strengthening cultural construction in rural areas, securing inputs into education, especially basic education, proactively promoting education run by private sectors, accelerating the construction of the public health system, promoting reunification of the motherland and opposing secession, and developing cross-Straits economic and trade exchanges.
The results after the meeting have been more than satisfying.
An Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace.
As a result of the world financial crisis, in 2009 many regional administrations curtailed the financing of provincial programmes and measures related to ensuring gender equality.
UNITAR is in contact with more than 30 indigenous organizations in preparation for its training programmes.
Shen Tang Shan water sector before Yin-ping have the right of the moon gate.
commodities, with a focus on diversification and better risk management; and
 Regulations made under Australian Customs Legislation already place a blanket prohibition on the export from Australia of many types of arms and related materials unless permission or a licence is granted by the Minister of Defence.
Something you love better than me, though you may not know it, Tara.
Committee on the Rights of the Child, pre-sessional working group, forty-ninth session [General Assembly resolutions 44/25, 47/112 and 49/211]b
Along with the power enterprise reform the power supply enterprises started as a competitive electricity market and the corporate entities.
2. A note by the Secretariat on the results of the fifty-first, fifty-second and fifty-third sessions of the Committee (E/CN.6/2013/CRP.1) is available in all of the official languages of the United Nations from the website of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (www.ohchr.org).
11. On 9 August 2013, an interactive dialogue had been held at United Nations Headquarters to mark the International Day of the World's Indigenous Peoples, at which the importance of building alliances based on mutual understanding, respect and cooperation had been highlighted.
Source: http://www.statsfiji.gov.fj (Accessed on 14/08/08).
“Electronics companies are still pretty cautious for the fourth quarter, traditionally the peak season for Taiwan's exports.”
*** Third periodic report, which was due on 30 June 1997, has not yet been received.
Success and fame are often the litmus test of one's character.
She's a very popular writer but I just don't like her style.
Money isn't everything.
However, the figures for women are approaching those for men, particularly in the 25 to 44 year age group.
Paragraphs 23 and 24
The history of modern life science and biotechnology is one of gradual establishment and improvement of intellectual property right of life form.
Palpebral subcutaneous round mass with different sizes.
In the first line of the third preambular paragraph, the word "relevant" should be inserted before "resolutions".
He turned his back on me and I knew that he was angry with my words
The Criminal Procedure Code however does not specify the meaning and scope of `exceptional cases'.
HIV/AIDS
They always worry about whether they may lose the job or whether they can have development in their job.
Signature subject to the procedure set out in paragraph 3 below;
Before that music existed as the subordination to church ceremonies, celebrations and banquet entertainment.
Thursday, 21 December 2006, from 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
The Commission further adopted the report of the Drafting Committee on draft articles 10 and 11 at the 3116th meeting, held on 2 August 2011 (sect. C.1 below).
One week for each month of uncompleted service subject to a minimum of six weeks' and a maximum of three months' indemnity pay
Executions, by country or area, 2004-2008
The also blame differences in health services around the country.
Tourist is warned that it is dangerous to go out alone at night.
It has also been documented that indigenous peoples are among the groups most severely affected by the activities of the extractive, agro-industrial and energy sectors.
Bearing in mind Article 13, paragraph 1 (a), of the Charter of the United Nations, which provides that the General Assembly shall initiate studies and make recommendations for the purpose of encouraging the progressive development of international law and its codification,
All levels of government and all sectors of society were working to fulfil an historic commitment.
Solomon Islands
We have available today only rudimentary concepts and models.
P.K. 14
Prevention, control and resolution of conflicts
It is a stark example of continued poor maternal and reproductive health services and an indication of high levels of maternal death and disability.
Not one of the whole number appeals by look or gesture, to the pity of the people.
She had 17)blonde hair, a rarity in our family.
59. However, the Transitional Government has continued to struggle to establish security throughout diamond-mining areas.
Lemon juice , which contains citric acid, has a similar effect, and lime juice does as well.
Security Council
26. According to the report of the Secretary-General on sustainable development (A/54/131), the United Nations system had met with constraints because of lack of institutional capacity, owing to vague mandates and a lack of clearly established priorities.
Following the work of the drafting group the Committee, at its 6th meeting, on the evening of 25 June, approved a draft resolution on GEMS/Water for consideration and possible adoption by the Environment Assembly.
Data source: UNCDF MIS data from 20 programmes
The practical operating speed has been increased by improving het durability drive system and by shortening the stroke of the reed.
Alpha Apodis
Facts have shown that such increase has played an important role in enabling more countries to understand and be a part of international human rights cause, enhancing national human rights capacity building, and promoting regional and international cooperation.
However as per best international practices, there are certain criteria which must be applied with regard to participation in the electoral process; both to vote and to stand for elections.
Electronic Signatures
Welcoming in particular the Group's contribution to the tenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, and its decision to continue its support for the drylands agenda across the United Nations system,
The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
1:16 These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel
Exhibition Panels Packing Case
 The 1988 United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances was an important step forward.
The combination of proprietary formats and vendor failure is seen as particularly unsuitable where data permanence is needed.
This idea has been fundamental to definitions of reproductive rights from the beginning, appearing repeatedly in population and human rights documents as the right to have the "information and means" to decide freely and responsibly on the number and spacing of children.
While it was agreed that other definitions contained in draft article 3 should be examined in the context of the respective relevant draft article, the Working Group had a discussion about the definitions of "electronic transferable record" and "paper-based transferable document or instrument".
. Low rise and low density areas should be preserved to enhance diversity in theurban core.
Slowly but surely, the OPCW, together with its member States, is creating the conditions for a world actually free from these weapons of mass destruction.
United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery
I have the honour to refer to the letter sent to you on 8 November 2006 by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of Spain informing you of the work of the resumed third session of the Executive Board of the United Nations International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (INSTRAW), held on 2 November 2006, and transmitting the Board's request for the documents that were attached to be circulated during the current session of the General Assembly.
Category B
A more significant effort to address indigenous peoples as special groups occurs in Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Paraguay and Peru.
Instead, a huge sprawling market sells every type of food imaginable: fruit, vegetables, spices, and meat both butchered and alive.
The Committee and the international community should intervene urgently to put an end to the fraudulent diversion of humanitarian assistance and ensure that it reached those who needed it.
God,you think you're safe and alive.
They have also developed mechanisms, through bilateral relations, for bilateral cooperation, including the exchange of information and the establishment of warning systems.
Taiwan immediately sent medical teams to the disaster areas to provide emergency medical assistance.
On 11 September the Secretary-General opened the first meeting of the coordination mechanism between the United Nations, ECOWAS and the Government of Sierra Leone, convened to review the situation in the country and discuss ways of reactivating the peace process.
The investigation and protection division for children, adolescents, women and the family provides information and legal advice urging parents and guardians to ensure that their children carry identity documents when travelling, both within the country and abroad, and to submit those documents to the competent authorities whenever necessary or requested.
They use music to become rich and famous, and they sing songs that will be.
It has 82.07 million hectares of natural grassland, representing about 21% of the total natural grassland of the country and 68.11% of the total land area of Tibet.
Consistent with the common services arrangements, the resources required for the provision of security and safety services at the Vienna International Centre are set out below on a gross basis.
entities engaged in clearance, and in particular clearance of cluster bomblets, spend a lot of time searching for strikes, time that could be spent more productively on the actual clearance of munitions;
Career January 2002 Permanent Representative of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the United Nations Office at Geneva
Translation of Pragmatic Meaning: Implicit or Explicit
269. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft decision as orally corrected, and recommended it to the General Assembly for action.
It would also request the Secretary-General to present a report on the subject to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.
Sixty-second session
In the traditional system both families are expected to make equivalent contributions.
Submit graphics that are disproportionately large for the content.
The de facto Abkhaz authorities remained reluctant to allow the deployment of UNOMIG police advisers on the Gali side of the ceasefire line, which continued to hamper cross ceasefire line cooperation, hinder progress in criminal investigations and limit the effectiveness of preventive anti-crime efforts.
Digital storage and archival of multilingual glossaries, terminology and documentation; facilitate standardization and exchange of data among all staff of translation services.
Ingredient classified as:
16. In addition to the tasks specified above, the Ombudsperson shall:
The Monkey is an intelligent person with memory.
Some nations had decided to forgive the country's debts, while others had helped with reconstruction.
Thus the consideration of this topic by the Special Committee was completed.
United Kingdom
I have the honour to inform you that the Government of Lebanon is requesting the Security Council to extend the mandate of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), which expires on 31 July 2003, for a further interim period of six months, on the basis of the provisions of Security Council resolutions 425 (1978) and 426 (1978), dated 19 March 1978, and in view of the fact that the continued deployment of UNIFIL is necessary in order for it to complete the mandate with which it was entrusted by those two Security Council resolutions.
Furthermore, this practice outside of direct, face-to-face communication is potentially detrimental to the therapeutic efficacy of treatment.
Xeronemataceae
Objection by Germany to a partial withdrawal of the original reservation made by Maldives
They stressed in particular the need for: (a) financial and thematic focus to achieve greater impact of initiatives; (b) partnership- and ownership-building to achieve greater dynamic sustainability of results of the technical cooperation; (c) the importance of a demonstration/learning approach and networking in enhancing regional capacities to increase efficiency and effectiveness of activities; (d) subregional cooperation to achieve greater focus on areas of common interest; (e) linkages with global and country programmes to introduce greater coherence of UNDP operations and to strengthen their impact; (f) the application of a results-driven approach to programming and implementation to ensure a link between objectives and resources; and (g) adequate staffing of the management structure to secure accountability. II. IMPLEMENTATION STRATEGY AND ARRANGEMENTS
240.5 Observe and implement the provisions of all international conventions as well as regional and bilateral instruments relating to terrorism to which their countries are party, taking into account the recommendations of the Final Document of the UN Conference on the Prevention of Crime and Criminal Justice held in Cairo, Egypt in 1995 and the International Conference on Combating Terrorism held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in 2005;
In view of the heavy workload of the thirty-fifth session related to the consideration of submissions, it was decided that such internal discussions might be held at future sessions, when the workload so permitted.
Those meetings are the appropriate place in which to address issues pending from resolution 1701 (2006) and flashpoints along the aforementioned Line.
However, it is equally true that lack of money causes great distress.
 (g) Special assistance to countries receiving refugees from Rwanda: draft resolution (A/49/L.17/Rev.1).
:: Articles and resources and a discussion of who and what the Committee for Geographical Names of Australasia is
Process-genre approach is more effective than product approach in developing students' abilities in organizing a paragraph of different genres and using various language structures;
In practice, the study can deepen our understanding of loanword translation and thus help us with its translation.
They found an appropriate choice in Valentine, who, in AD270 had been beheaded 3 by Emperor Claudius.
Mr. Wetland (Norway): I start by expressing Norway's continuing support for, and full recognition of, the achievements and high standards of the International Criminal Tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia, as reflected in the Tribunals' well-reasoned judgements and the annual reports before us.
He modernized whole product range.
General Assembly, comprehensive review of the progress achieved in realizing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS [General Assembly resolutions 60/262 and 62/178]
 346. Members of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Chernobyl, despite a severe shortage of funds, continue to assign high priority to Chernobyl in their activities.
Deliberations and decisions
125. In paragraph 154, the Board reiterated its previous recommendation that the Department of Field Support and the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts expedite their preparations for the disclosure of expendable property in the financial statements and/or in the notes thereto.
II. Nuclear non-proliferation
For that reason, it is a better idea to declare and assign variables on a single line.
The Committee thus concluded its debate on the item.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
7.3 The Committee takes note of the author's claims that the decision of the Ontario Court of Justice dated 27 January 2005 to give Mrs Vargay custody of the child and order the author to provide child and spousal support violated a number of his rights under the Covenant.
Draft resolution
Water flow measurement data are collected from various springs and the secretariat of the Pacific Community is assisting in collating the data and providing technical assistance.
Torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment: draft resolution
On 8 May, in Prats, the protesters broke the police line heading to the construction area.
Examples of other international agreements incorporated into Hungarian law include the Cartagena Protocol on biosafety to the Convention on Biological Diversity (Act CIX of 2004); Rotterdam Convention on the prior informed consent procedure for certain hazardous chemicals and pesticides in international trade (Government Decree No. 266/2004); the European agreements on the transport of dangerous goods by road, by rail, by inland waterways, not yet in force (Law Decree No. 19/1979, Decree No. 47/2005 issued by the Ministry of Economics and Transport and the latter agreement ratified by Parliament Decision No. 11/2004);
Maintains cleanliness and mise - en - place level at working station and service pantry for smooth operation.
 Discussions on further cooperation centred, in particular, on the joint development of manuals and other working materials on the administration of justice for law enforcement officials, magistrates and prosecutors, as well as on juvenile justice and the treatment of offenders.
(ii) To return the case for further review and additional information; or
As the Government, we are prepared to cooperate with all other countries that respect Zimbabwe's sovereignty.
Indeed, if it was to remain viable, the Treaty would require constant care and attention.
(e) Take proactive measures to facilitate trade relations with countries of the region, including through improved legislation and regulation;
Mark Zuckerberg
Mr. Zhang pointed to another problem: Power demand is growing faster than coal supply.
Stamp Set of 5 (AU97)
(e) To provide advice on the application of human resources policies and rules based on the legal regime of the Organization, the Secretary-General's human resources management strategy, and the jurisprudence of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal;
We have experienced first-hand what it is to be denied our rights.
A team at CERN, led by Jasper Kirkby, therefore decided to recreate both the solar cycle and the atmosphere in a lab.
This downturn will continue to deteriorate, be extremely protracted, extremely deep and not responsive to traditional economic stimulus.
of 30% HCFC 21, 123, 124, 225
Keep an eye on discounts information, you're likely to buy good summer dress in winter in a reasonable price.
The ear. Look at the perfection of this ear.
Of that amount, $21 million (2008: $11 million, net of a $5 million credit resulting from 2006-2007 overbilling by the UN Department of Safety and Security) was spent on the United Nations Field Security Coordination programme; and $18 million (2008: $15 million) on country office assessments of and investments in compliance with the minimum operating security standards, including at headquarters.
Farmers used advanced drip irrigation systems and researched botanical species requiring little water.
"Why don't you do it then?
Climate, scenery and history aside, the nation of Ireland and the state of Nevada have much in common.
You may think that the boy is cruel to the tree but thats how all of us are treating our parents
Whose was the hand that slanted back this brow?
Action against corruption
7. Adoption of the report of the Commission on its forty-first session.
An invitation to tender is then addressed to laboratories, and the projects are selected after consultation of the scientific commissions.
And the successful managers of private - equity - owned companies do better than the bosses of publicly owned companies.
I have a heavy cold for most half a month and I told the doctor that I felt it may be something wrong with my ear but it did not arose the doctors' enough recognition.
I commend the Government and the senior leaders of the Minni Minawi faction of SLM/A for demonstrating commitment to reach a political settlement.
Informal consultation on the UNIFEM Strategic Plan
Global portfolio
The fall is coming, and that means just one thing to me: work!
Youth unemployment was a very serious priority gap that needed to be addressed.
Building upon previous joint efforts, experience and achievements, they declared an intent to broaden and deepen long-term cooperation to further increase the level of security of nuclear facilities around the world.
84. Institutional and human capacities for regulating and managing the sector are weak, especially those related to administrative, technical, training and financial functions.
(b) disclose the information required by the SMEGA that is not presented elsewhere in the financial statements; and
(b) Employment rate of women - 47.6 per cent;
This includes the need to build scientists' capacity to provide scientific information in a manner that can be used not only by environmental decision makers but also by economic and development decision makers.
The couples who have already had children shall be advised to mainly choose the long-term methods of contraception and birth control.
The Legislature may override the Governor's veto.
Several factors may have led to this.
The requirements of the Committee are at the maintenance level.
Expresses confidence that the Security Council will take the necessary measures to ensure the safety and normal functioning of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia, which will significantly contribute to putting an end to the impunity and to the reinvigoration of the peace process.
Article 18
128. The Working Group reviewed a communication sent by the Government on 20 November 2006 regarding the outstanding case.
Objective: To study the stereoscopic visual condition of the aged people and therefore provide them with assistance in self-health care and injuries prevention.
6. There are broadly speaking, three categories of asylum seeker.
But don't give up hope.
89. In the worst affected areas, during the past two months, over 23,300 severely malnourished children in central and south Somalia were treated through the provision of ready-to-use therapeutic foods.
His paper begins with an introduction to the state - of - the - art medical imaging systems.
19. Urges all States and relevant international organizations to cooperate closely with the International Narcotics Control Board, in particular in Project Cohesion and Project Prism, in order to enhance the success of those international initiatives and to initiate, where appropriate, investigations by their law enforcement authorities into seizures and cases involving the diversion or smuggling of precursors and essential equipment, with a view to tracking them back to the source of diversion in order to prevent continuing illicit activity;
Germany also mentioned the Eurotransplant International Foundation previously described.
II)), the Board of Auditors commented on the vacancy rate of resident auditors and investigators in peacekeeping missions and investigation hubs.
This note includes elements for the revision of these guidelines agreed to by the working group participants.
Sphericity part was simulated, the stress distribution and strain distribution were gained.
Total (Payments)............................................
If such an advertising operator fails to provide the true name and address of the business operator, that advertising operator shall bear liability for compensation.
None of this, however, entirely accounts for the strange disconnect between high growth and low index rankings.
Wouldn't you like to buy a cassette recorder?
Using newly developed filament - wound composite tubular specimens, the tension - torsion biaxial loading fatigue tests were performed.
The problem whether the social management system is good or not is an important guarantee for a district to attract talents or not.
That progress has been made possible through the commitment of the international community, the United Nations, other intergovernmental organizations, Member States and non-governmental organizations to self-sustainable nation-building and nationwide capacity-building in all sectors.
Unlike the principles, the guidelines are intended to provide practical direction to States, intergovernmental organizations, NGOs and others on the steps that can be taken to ensure that the key principles are translated into effective and realistic responses.
The report addresses progress and challenges with respect to discrimination against the girl child, including in the areas of poverty, the right to education, health and adequate food, HIV/AIDS, violence and exploitation, and highlights activities undertaken to end female genital mutilation.
Farming is possible only in valleys fed by glacial runoff, and these are becoming scarcer as glaciers disappear due to warming.
We can trust in god.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
483. Spraying of Crops in the Negev.
123. This principle has already been affirmed in the "principles of international law recognized in the Charter and Judgement of the N\x{e16c}nberg Tribunal" (principle IV).
"Where?
Estee Lauder Pure  Color  Eye Shadow # pink ice $ 140.
Cuba created the International School of Physical Education and Sport, dedicated to training professionals from different countries. Its central value is solidarity.
Stoilov also wished the Beijing Olympic Games a success.
59. Agrees to initiate, at its nineteenth session, the elaboration and consideration of the relationship between the Technology Executive Committee and the Climate Technology Centre and Network, in order to ensure coherence and synergy within the Technology Mechanism, taking into account the recommendations of the Technology Executive Committee on its linkage modalities, and the modalities and procedures of the Climate Technology Centre and Network, which will be presented for consideration and approval by the Conference of the Parties at its nineteenth session;
Item 5 of the provisional agenda
From May to June 2006, about 1,600 Burundians who had been living in the United Republic of Tanzania for a long time without being recognized as refugees were expelled to Burundi.
Activities take place to a lesser extent in Argentina, Brazil and Panama.
12. It is especially important that the Technical Sub-group examine the question what would be the optimal levels for international standardization and for regional and or national customization/adaptation of the classification.
Health and Education Centre for Persons with Motor Disabilities, Nabeul
9) Rohullah Nikpai wins Afghanistan's first Olympic medal with a bronze in the men's 58-kg taekwondo.
" And the Wind kissed the Tree, and the Dew wept tears over him; but the Firunderstood it not.
Security Room, TSD.We swept the western end of the motorcade route.
Sometimes make of head, tube he!
10. Mr. Khazaee (Islamic Republic of Iran), speaking in explanation of vote before the voting, said that his delegation opposed the continued practice of adopting country-specific draft resolutions, which was in breach of the principles of universality, objectivity and non-selectivity.
Hence in this game you could win a consolation prize even if you lost the main event.
Phil Evans (Department for International Development, United Kingdom)
The children are often asked not to speak loudly in the library.
13-23 June 2000, Geneva
The strategy and a related plan of action place special emphasis on orphans and persons living with HIV/AIDS.
They follow instructions, wait in long lines, and shuffle forward when told.
They also depend on the realization of political and economic rights, the development of their human potential, the strengthening of traditional economies, environmental protection and the legal regulation of relations with corporations.
Reform experiment transferring production added-value tax to consumption value-added tax in northeast, central section and other places of China has gotten obvious effect.
Fresh from a victorious plan to unseat Pakistan's longtime ruler, political leaders of the coalition government appeared in good spirits when they gathered at the headquarters of the Pakistan People's Party in Islamabad Tuesday afternoon.
Knowledge can change the life of a person.
Its common name, to you and I, is the nightshade and it is highly poisonous.
It welcomed the services provided to victims of violence and noted the education initiatives in Southern Thailand to reduce violence against children.
They found refuge in safe parts of the country, renting private accommodation in hotels and guesthouses, staying with family and friends, or provided with shelter by private individuals or non-governmental organizations.
In the autumn, bringing a moon, I loved.
The twelve States in the area have used Sharia in cases of civil law.
Sixty-second session
The unutilized balance was realized from lower actual requirements during official travel outside the mission area.
Reaffirming its resolution 48/181 of 21 December 1993 and all its other relevant resolutions,
She opened the package so slowly and carefully.
7.2.4.4. Technical committee to prepare for the National Dialogue Conference
Although two thirds of existing RTAs do not cover services, the majority of North - South RTAs do.
Implementation of the migration
Besides the books all over the house, there is nearly no room in his place.
The Committee also participates in the work of the human rights treaty body system.
(a) Strengthened regional cooperation mechanisms in trade, investment and finance
The Sulva Sutras, which literally mean 'Rule of the Chord' give geometrical methods of constructing altars and temples.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) estimates that 826 million people today are chronically and seriously undernourished, 34 million of whom live in the economically developed countries of the North.
The key issue was to determine the extent to which a permanent court would ensure the prosecution of persons who had committed serious crimes and whether the court would help or merely hinder national efforts to that end.
Global imbalances lie at the heart of the current recession; failure to address them will abort recovery and lead to currency wars.
7. At the 3rd meeting, on 22 April, the Commission held an interactive exchange of views, moderated by Kojo Nnamdi, with the participation of three migrant representatives (Fatumo Farah, Natalicia Rocha-Tracy and Harold Fernandez), in which the representatives of Pakistan, Norway, El Salvador and Israel, and the observer for the Niger, participated.
(c) Enhancement of the emergency response capacity of UNHCR measured against a plan of action to be established by the Executive Committee;
The ceremony for the opening for signature of the Optional Protocol will be held on Thursday, 24 September 2009, at 8.30 a.m. during the 2009 Treaty Event at the Treaty Signing area in the General Assembly Building, at United Nations Headquarters.
Requests for hearings
"Can you fill his skin with harpoons, Or his head with fishing spears?
I 4 is timely corrective action taken to correct opportunity?
Thread safety
The intruder uses this access to try to circumvent the normal application usage and to do inappropriate things.
The law stipulates that it is not necessary that the transplant has actually taken place in order to establish a case of trafficking.
43. Non-proliferation (29 March 2006; 28 June 2010).
In addition, 300 military contingent personnel would be deployed in north-eastern Central African Republic.
Future sessions of the Commission
104. Some delegations were of the view that paragraph 2 of article 24 should be moved to another article, perhaps article 29, which stated the conditions to be fulfilled in order to bring a case before the court in the form of a complaint.
In terms of financial value and scope, the practice is not significant either, representing a relatively minor proportion of the organizations' activities and budgets during the two years under review.
28. Finally, the parties agreed to convene a Darfur-Darfur Dialogue and Consultation, to be held under African Union leadership, in cooperation with international partners. It will aim to promote reconciliation and broader ownership of the Darfur peace process.
Americans are too self-centered, too careerist, goes the criticism.
Like practically murdering his lover's best friend?
47. Mandate holders suggested to the treaty bodies the progressive development of human rights law and concepts, including through the consideration of human rights and climate change, the food crisis, biofuels, the financial crisis and other matters.
So you enter the email address, and type some bogus password.
The VIP flights were not for VIPs only, but mainly for official delegations, which included the military visits of future commanders and their staff for orientation before rotation.
Copyright Law tries to protect copyright and balances social and public interests at the same time. It realizes the double value of the copyright law.
As for civil, commercial and administrative cases, the Syrian legislature granted no exceptions.
They required that I ( should ) go there tonight.
These examples included the use of fictitious entities, Ponzi schemes, deception as to the location of the debtor's COMI, movement of the COMI in close proximity to commencement of proceedings for improper purposes and dishonest or fraudulent behaviour in the insolvency proceedings once commenced.
The shipment was seized on board the containership MV San Francisco Bridge.
18. UNMIK continued to facilitate Kosovo's participation in regional economic initiatives.
Rule 23
Programme expenditures for 1998 amounted to $29.3 million.
It was really crazy for her to have laughed off a matter of such importance.
According to the fact: the more developed the economic is in a country, the high degree of TFP's contribution to the growth of economic.
4. Ministry of Justice
`Then we can't be together?
 All hopes today are pinned on the full and complete implementation of the Lusaka Protocol, which was signed by the Angolan Government and UNITA on 15 November 1994.
What he meant to do with it, and whether he were mad
the traffic flow system is a vehicles ' gather
Main Committees
This gaming system really seems like the thin end of the wedge.
IV. Addressing barriers to employment
Cortaillod
It would then be able to provide the panel with advice on sensitivity analyses, and would probably not need to meet again.
The reform programme covers all aspects of United Nations operations and represents "the most extensive and far-reaching reforms in the 52-year history of the Organization".
To include a gender perspective into the UPR follow-up process in a systematic and continuous manner (Slovenia);
Leaders Summit
c The approved strength excludes additional temporary staff and United Nations Volunteers who were deployed for various intervals during the period to support the presidential and legislative elections and to prepare for the local elections.
Or so everybody thought.
The 2,100-ton ship, which was built in 1991 in Ukraine, was sold by Akva Ltd., Moscow.
I wish I was braver and prettier or just happy, but its useless to dream, because nothing ever changes
Societies with population explosions, that extend into the millions, are prone to large - scale, intense, tactical warfare.
 As Ambassador Vilchez Asher very rightly and eloquently said a few minutes ago:
3. A detailed account of the work undertaken at each of the meetings of the Standing Committee in 2004 is contained in the following reports: Report of the Twenty-ninth Meeting of the Standing Committee (A/AC.96/988); Report of the Thirtieth Meeting of the Standing Committee (A/AC.96/998); and Report of the Thirty-first Meeting of the Standing Committee (A/AC.96/1001).
Life is a chain of moment of enjoyment, not about survival.
A/53/40, A/59/40
5. Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
16. Grenada is one of the smallest independent nations in the Western Hemisphere.
Study on Correlation between Trace Elements Determined by AAS with Microwave Digestion in Kudzu-vine Roots and Quality of Vegetation Soils
A judge holds up a snow spotted Bengal cat for a closer look.
Aeronautical Telecommunication Network
And then, at the same time, they promote a formula for expansion of the Council that leads exactly to the opposite of this, since they propose an increase in the number of permanent members that would be given a privilege that is absolutely anti-democratic.
Mandate: GA res. 67/197, para. 26
Language is a wonderful thing. Man has been able to develop civilization because he has language.
3.8.2.1.8 (former 3.8.2.8) In the title, insert "for Category 1 and 2" after "classification";
Security Council Working Group on Children and Armed Conflict
I love science fiction movies!
General licensing
The Republicans in the mid-term elections last November was elected governor of Wisconsin.
Its function is to display similar articles posted on the website with the one which is being viewed currently.
(China Mobile)China Mobile, the worlds largest mobile phone operator, is weighing up an expansion in Europe.The group, which opens its European, Middle Eastern and African headquarters in London today, aims to sell to Chinese overseas and is considering its options
6. The people also elect 15 senators, who serve two-year terms in a unicameral Legislature.
My pastor raved on the significance of the book and proceeded to indoctrinate our small flock with its contents.
- Denying entry to ports of European Union member States to vessels refusing to undergo inspection.
International Union of Socialist Youth (2005-2008)
On 23 September, a Prisons Development Committee was established, composed of the Director-General of the National Prisons Service, nine senior prison officers, UNMIS and UNDP.
Azerbaijan finds it difficult to reply to the question about whether there are precedents with respect to the passage of aerospace objects following re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere.
ISSN 0257-0653 Summary At its eighth session, the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice recommended the adoption of four draft resolutions by the General Assembly and six draft resolutions and three draft decisions by the Economic and Social Council.
Two members from Western European and other States.
In order to get a better estimate of its reputation, ISAF, assisted by students of the Kabul University, conducted an opinion poll among the Kabul population.
Management and administration expenditures for 2005 amounted to $77 million, which is also below the target set of $81 million. Support to United Nations operational activities amounted to $81 million, in line with the corresponding MYFF target of $82 million.
The commemoration of this Day of Solidarity is therefore an affirmation of the unflagging commitment of the United Nations to the resolution of the question of Palestine and of its support for the Palestinian people in their aspiration to exercise their right to self-determination.
Is there a faster way to get there?
Some wished to delete any reference in article 15 to article 17.
(PRIDE AND PREJUDICE) IN consequence of an agreement between the sisters, Elizabeth wrote the next morning to her mother, to beg that the carriage might be sent for them in the course of the day
In 1947, computers were big, room - sized machines operating on mechanical  relays  and glowing vacuum tubes.
Investment banks have suffered a poor start to the year in Asia after their most profitable year in the region in 2007.
Opened for signature: 3 September 1976, London
 35. The Committee was also informed that, in spite of an eighth reminder sent by the Secretary-General in February 1994, the initial reports of Togo and Uganda, which were due in 1988, had not yet been received.
36. At the same meeting, the Meeting of States Parties adopted its Report by consensus, as contained in document BWC/MSP/2008/CRP.1, as orally amended, to be issued as document BWC/MSP/2008/5.
And I will smite the winter house with the summer house; and the houses of ivory shall perish, and the great houses shall have an end, saith the LORD.
43. The Commission may decide to stress the utility of providing a forum where members can share experience, identify best practices, discuss programmes that work and those that do not, and gain a better understanding of the problems that they must address.
16. As a component of its project "The entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: new opportunities?"
The relevant union must be the opportunity to an opinion on the terms of employment.
Work completed
Just listening to the birds.
Moreover, as had been widely discussed during the High-level Dialogue, migration could be associated with human rights violations.
One’s forecast of those decisions hinges, in turn, on why these other countries came to run such large surpluses in the first place.
"No.
4. Recognizes the efforts under way by Ukraine, working in coordination with ICAO and other international experts and organizations, including representatives of States of Occurrence, Registry, Operator, Design and Manufacture, as well as States who have lost nationals on MH17, to institute an international investigation of the incident, and calls on all States to provide any requested assistance to civil and criminal investigations related to this incident;
The Court of First Instance, applying the CISG, rejected the claim stating that the damages were the result of the working processes applied by the subsidiaries.
Increasing educational input is root measure to implementeducational strategic position.
The South Pacific was the theater for much of the action in the Second World War.
Compliance with rules on opening of bank accounts
This is the best ice cream anywhere in the state of Texas, bar one. The pursuit of happiness.
Hence, the "commodity trap" in which these countries are caught has become essentially a "poverty trap".
But, Jennifer, that was the good news.
Knowledge base tool for scientific factual data on POPs
Distr.: General
The Committee requests that the State party include in its next periodic report specific information on action plans and other measures taken to implement the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the national level.
Tanzania may, by published Ministerial order, make the extradition of an individual subject to conditions, exceptions or qualifications (s.3 Extradition Act).
Serbian military personnel
Please notify us of L/C number by telex immediately
The heel therefore was the one spot where Achilles could be hurt, possibly killed.
3. Recognizes that the implementation of the Copenhagen commitments and the attainment of the internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, are mutually reinforcing and that the Copenhagen commitments are crucial to a coherent peoplecentred approach to development;
Fifth chapter mainly introduced the total information guards against falsely on the packing application.
Finally, instead of relying on the UN as a negotiating forum, countries should cluster around specific initiatives, from renewable power to sustainable agriculture.
10. On 4 May 2007 Archbishop Tutu wrote to the Permanent Representative of Israel indicating that the High-Level Fact-Finding Mission would be able to travel to Beit Hanoun from 10 to 14 June 2007, and informing him that the High-Level Mission would need to know whether the Government of Israel would facilitate the Mission's travel to Beit Hanoun via Israel at the very latest by Friday 25 May 2007.
Maybe Ramona should just run away too, or, maybe her heartfelt antics are just what her family needs in order to find the right path.
The Chair informed the Committee that action on the draft resolutions has been postponed to a later stage.
This happened during the conflicts in 1965, 1969, 1972, 1988 and 1991. The vast majority of the estimated 180,000 to 240,000 refugees from Burundi seeking asylum in neighbouring countries are in Tanzania.
This list is not exhaustive, and additional proposals by the Sides will be welcome.
Support to the implementation of the technology transfer framework and the work of the Expert Group on Technology Transfer
The session was also attended by observers from Palestine and the European Union.
The need to introduce an additional indicator could be assessed during the mid-term evaluation. CONS-O-18
Turčianske Teplice District
Much remained to be done, however, to complete scientific understanding and the implementation of the Protocol.
Please find attached file of Design List that we would like you to manufacture.
87. Landlocked developing countries and countries with economies in transition were particularly vulnerable.
(d) Include appropriate demand reduction measures where there is drug abuse in the targeted communities;
Poverty had been associated with globalization, which entailed both benefits and huge risks.
 Organizations of cooperatives at the international and the national level in developed countries can and do provide support by way of technical assistance and finance for this purpose.
Now behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem and said to the reapers, "May the Lord be with you.
D. Throwing the baby out with the bathwater?
Several delegations praised the United Nations news centre on the web site.
Further, yesterday, Monday, 22 December 2003, a five-year-old boy, Mohammed Naim Al-Araj, was killed by Israeli occupying forces in the Balata refugee camp in Nablus. The young boy was standing at the gate of his house when he was shot with a bullet in the chest.
124. The 29th Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting was held in Edinburgh, United Kingdom from 12 to 23 June 2006 (see www.atcm2006.gov.uk).
Tianjin Port for the company to rely on and adhere to the path of market operations, competition in the market continue to develop and grow.
There is a risk that the fixed asset note in the financial statements may be misstated by an estimated $95,375, as it could include assets that are obsolete or damaged and that should have been disposed of and removed from the asset register.
Her determination to achieve results continued during her time as America's first lady.
I have instructed my Special Representative for Burundi to explore urgently with Burundian leaders how such a dialogue might be established, possibly under United Nations auspices.
Due to people's low conscious to protect environment, we are just slowly destroying our homestead ---earth.
When I first arrived at the Conference on Disarmament in 1998, I found myself in the midst of the South Asian nuclear test crisis in my capacity as President of the Conference.
Sometimes it may be a matter of seizing a market opportunity that had not before been apparent.
Millennium Development Goals and disability
catch a chilltake a chill I put some beer in the ice-box to chill.The freezing weather chilled me to the bone
Behold, all the turtle piggy overthrown by the dusk scramble to flee for life, XiangRen a exclaimed, "zhao chief" run!
Can you hear me?
Certified statement of account between Natura and the Ministry of Finance and the Forestry Development Authority
Provision was made for 97 one-way trips at an average cost of $3,600 per trip ($349,900), however, during the reporting period, a total of 96 one-way trips at an average cost of $3,740 per trip ($358,900) were utilized.
Work formerly undertaken by the Open-ended Working Group and not assigned to the Scientific and Technical Committee would be taken up by the Conference of the Parties, or the Conference of the Parties may decide to include in the work programme of the Committee for Administering the Mechanism for Promoting Implementation and Compliance of the Basel Convention (Implementation and Compliance Committee) any work formerly undertaken by the Open-ended Working Group that may fall within the Compliance Committee's general review mandate.
Curiously, some in both groups appeared to deny the independence of the prosecutor, so as to make him or her the mere instrument for the referral of a case by the Security Council or for an individual State’s complaint.
The onIy thing I remember is when we brought him back from the pet store and AIIy wanted me to hoId him so I reached out to grab him and he bit me on the finger.
Extreme poverty, famine, epidemics and financial crises are factors contributing to disorder and fomenting instability.
United Nations African meeting on the question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution 56/33]
Clearly, the world is now in a position to take advantage of a political climate that favours the introduction of meaningful reform of a Security Council, whose structures and philosophy were the products of a particular historical context and of political and military alliances that have become obsolete.
Moreover, in the framework of the national efforts to attain the Millennium Development Goals, a workshop on the elaboration of strategies for water supply and environmental hygiene had recently been organized with the cooperation of the UNICEF Office in Myanmar.
His wife said to his concubine, Whenever our husband goes out, he would come back satiated with food and wine. I asked him about the people he ate and drank with and he said they were all wealthy men.
For the text of the resolution as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 1996/39.
Flow Control: clockwise adjustment to reduce the flow counter-clockwise to increase the flow of conditioning.
The spectrophotometry was used to measure the Ge content in the fabrics and high fixation ratio of organogermanium was found after long-term wearing.
9. All such surveys directly assess individual's skills and/or knowledge, mostly in reading, writing, or numeracy, and have different target populations and countries.
Richard Rogers
34. Prior to the launch of the Gender Equality Duty, the Government Women and Equality Unit undertook an awareness-raising exercise across central government and with public authorities.
A:  I had introduced an advanced product line, which increased the output and lessened the cost. I:  Wonderful.
AIG is one of the three biggest life-insurance companies in Hong Kong, with a 15% share of life-insurance premiums.
Given the sharp decrease in the number of internationally recruited consultants from Africa and certain other regions, the Group urged the Secretariat to take measures to encourage such consultants to take up international assignments.
In that regard, she called for the establishment of a link between the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action and NEPAD, both of which stressed governance, capacity-building and the development of infrastructure.
The newspapers all rhapsodised over the young singer's performance.
(a) Implementation of the Second United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (2008-2017);
I asked why, but she gave no reply.
8. Recalls that the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond, adopted by the General Assembly on 14 December 1995,[11] stresses the importance of participation of youth organizations and youth in decision-making processes, in particular in relation to demand reduction programmes for illicit drugs;
What surprises you most about human kind?
Grand Gedeh (Liberia/Côte d'Ivoire border)
 It would also be appropriate to involve non-governmental organizations, possibly through the New York NGO Committee on Narcotics and Substance Abuse and the Vienna NGO Committee on Narcotic Drugs, as observers at the meetings of the Subcommittee.
139. Thirty-seven delegations -- 15 from programme countries and 22 from donor countries -- made interventions.
The State party also quotes the Committee's Views on communication No. 295/1988 (Järvinen v. Finland), where the Committee held that the 16month period of alternative service imposed for conscientious objectors double the eightmonth period of military service was "neither unreasonable nor punitive".
NON-ALIGNED MOVEMENT:
Bun
Gabrielsen et al. 2004
6. Recommendations for the future work of the working group on the effects of the activities of transnational corporations on human rights, including the right to development and the right to a healthy environment.
A bell hung a collar a cow's neck.
5. This Convention does not exclude the exercise of any criminal jurisdiction established by a State party in accordance with its domestic law.
Secretariat
Action 2. Canada continues to promote the principles of irreversibility, verifiability and transparency in the implementation of Treaty obligations.
We very much welcome the commitment reaffirmed by the Government of Afghanistan at the Paris Conference to pursue political and economic reform including concrete steps to combat corruption.
REVIEW OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF COMMITMENTS AND OF OTHER PROVISIONS OF THE CONVENTION
No
Debate is also ongoing on the possible contributions to the post Millennium Development Goals.
First, the phrase “continuation of the contract” imposes a requirement on the claimant to prove that it had an existing contractual relationship at the time of the invasion.
A. Revenue
The Republic of Korea, for example, designated a "Gender employment equality emphasis week" to raise corporate awareness of gender equality in employment.
Monte Cristo perceived that the young man had turned around; indeed, Morrel saw with surprise that the men who had brought him had left without being paid, or uttering a word.
According to the representatives of the Administrator, the cost-sharing formula will remain approximately the same.
The best search engine in the world is still a librarian.
When you make a trade, let it be for some good reason or according to a definite plan; then do not get out without a definite indication of a change in trend.
23. At the same meeting, statements were made by representatives of 19 Parties, including statements on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, the EIG, the African Group, the Umbrella Group, the European Union and its member States, AOSIS, the LDCs, the League of Arab States, four Parties undergoing the process of transition to a market economy, eight Parties from the Central American Integration System and five Parties.
A note to the Commission following the definition in the chapter on insolvency also referred the reader to article 5, subparagraph (k), of the Assignment Convention.
" Faithful Johannes answered, "I will not forsake him, and will serve him faithfully, even if it costs me my life
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to room S-2940
I'll eat here
He would doubtless develop those suggestions, especially in the light of proposals that the President of the General Assembly had announced his intention to make in a letter addressed to Permanent Representatives.
Assessed contributions received (see para. 11 of the present report)
The problems when using heating technologies of radiant tubes are analyzed.
In order to meet the requirement of the production, the users usually have to rebuild the robot, based on analysis of the existing one's system, that's are laborious and effectiveness.
72. Invites Member States and others in a position to do so to contribute to the further development of the Hamilton Shirley Amerasinghe Memorial Fellowship Programme on the Law of the Sea established by the General Assembly in its resolution 35/116 of 10 December 1980;
At the request of one Council presidency he provided an informal briefing on his mission to the Great Lakes region.
Goose step
Such a democratic system now is in existence in the villages, more importantly, many enterprises are practicing them too.
Have you lost your fuckin' mind?
That is why the circular specifically referred only to Afrikaans and not to the other languages.
Plant daffodils in informal drifts.
By 2007 this figure will have risen to $15 billion.
The court heard that in 2002, HyD awarded a $240 million road maintenance contract to a contractor, which subcontracted part of the works to the defendant's company.
[Has achieved sufficient emission reductions through domestic [action] [policies and measures][in accordance with appendix X];
415. The Committee urges the State party to speedily enact the draft law to regulate the activities of marriage brokers and to develop additional policies and measures to protect foreign women from exploitation and abuse by marriage brokers and traffickers, and by their spouses.
Annual data collection plans will be used to coordinate data requests emanating from all divisions of ESCWA.
With regard to information that the Democratic Republic of the Congo could share with the United Nations Group of Experts on possible collaboration between FARDC and FDLR, it is important to recall that the Democratic Republic of the Congo views FDLR as a criminal band, a terrorist group and a negative force which increases the suffering of the Congolese people and destroys the ecosystem in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as in no other country of the subregion.
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (continued)
7. London
164. At its 46th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it a draft resolution entitled "Conclusion of the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development" (E/2013/L.38), submitted by the Vice-President of the Council (Austria).
Don't ignore filter files if an previous filter file was empty.
This thesis proposes to research the legislation and perfect of China's public housing law of low-income population.
Opening of the session.
UNIFEM and UNFPA collaborated with the Government of Kenya and non-governmental organizations to integrate gender issues into emergency responses and ensure the integration of prevention and response strategies on gender-based violence into all aspects of humanitarian aid.
Resources for national implementation plans and projects are available.
Response from Portugal
30. In addition to the comprehensive annual report that includes financial and programme information, proposed in that report, there could be consolidated analytical reports on core areas of work and major policy issues, instead of separate reports on individual agenda items.
(If you want to pay the fee and collect the business registration certificate on the same date, please submit your properly completed application to counter staff at least half an hour before its closure.)
59. The Committee recommends that the State party continue and strengthen its efforts to protect children effectively from being exposed to violence, racism and pornography through mobile technology, video movies, games and other technologies, including the Internet.
Or we could still fall through.
"No reservation may be made to this Protocol except that a State may at any time declare by a notification addressed to the Government of the People's Republic of Poland that the Convention as amended by this Protocol shall not apply to the carriage of persons, cargo and baggage for its military authorities on aircraft, registered in that State, the whole capacity of which has been reserved by or on behalf of such authorities";
(b) Asked questions about the activity of each site and photographed relevant documents;
19. The unutilized balance of $2,104,900 under this heading was attributable to savings under acquisition of communications equipment ($976,600), spare parts and supplies ($340,100), workshop and test equipment ($482,300) and commercial communications ($305,900).
Figure VI
At the shoe factory they should appreciate you more.
LETTER DATED 11 MAY 1998 FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SECURITY
"37. Requests the Secretary-General to provide the necessary resources for the effective fulfilment of the mandates of the Intergovernmental Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, the Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent and the group of independent eminent experts on the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action;
Rule 7. Temporary adjournment of sessions
The oldest name for it is closh and the name it had prior to being croquet was pall-mall.
(b) Economic and Social Survey of Asia and the Pacific 2014.
 We have considered a number of possible avenues of involvement and have advised the United Nations of our willingness, in principle, to contribute a fully staffed field hospital for service with one of the United Nations peace-keeping operations, possibly in Africa.
Item 26 (a) of the provisional agenda*
MeSH number
Contents
Apple says it is still working to bring the iPhone to mainland China, the world's largest cellphone market.
A new LMS algorithm based on the second-order cyclic statistics
Mr. Oswaldo Gamboa (Venezuela)
Holy of Holies
  Then Little Red Coat went out.
I repeat what was said this morning.
Almost everyone spends a considerable amount of present moments worrying about the future.
Montenegro
the great trials which your eyes have seen, those great signs and wonders.
Working towards mutual confidence
Aircraft registration and the issuance of airworthiness certificates, personnel licences and other documents is done pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Chicago Convention on International Civil Aviation and its relevant annexes, which have been ratified by Rwanda.
3.2.1 AIR BASES, AIRFIELDS
Like an employer, however, he was subject to the provisions of the RDA of 1975; in the instant case, the State party reiterates that the fact that there were drug offenders in the author's extended family was a proper justification for the LLC's decision.
One example of efforts to identify a package of measures attempting to use conservation as a means to add value to biological resources and to contribute to sustainable development is the UNCTAD BIOTRADE Initiative.
At its fifty-fourth session on 7-9 December 2004, the Governing Council directed that the Panel could exercise its discretion to permit the representation of claimants by their family members or other authorized representatives where the Panel determines that such representation is warranted.
NC: This topic has been actively discussed in the framework of the Organisation for a few years.
8.1 With respect to the allegation that the author was arrested without a warrant and that this was only issued more than three days after the arrest, in contravention of national legislation which stipulates that a warrant must be issued within 72 hours of arrest, the Committee notes that this matter has not been addressed by the State party.
52. The main issue here was the legal capacity of all persons with disabilities.
Arrange and check room drink's quality time
She asked if the act on gender-based violence was already in force and if so, the main forms of violence it covered.
RIGHTS RESOLUTION 8 (XXIII)
Technical Cooperation Trust Fund in Support of Meetings of Sub-Committees or Working Groups on Programmatic and Administrative Reform of UNEP (Financed by the Government of the United States of America)
The China Disabled People's Arts Troupe made a performance tour in seven countries, including Switzerland and Turkey, displaying their talents and dynamic spirit.
Introduction and general discussion
36. All indications were that a partnership was being created involving new types of arrangements for managing a relationship of that special constitutional type.
Operations were begun in 1994 but have been reduced since early 1997, when the European Union imposed a restrictive quota on rice imports from African, Caribbean and Pacific countries via the overseas countries and territories regime.16
Ursula knew about their real mother all along, but never told Phoebe.
But none of you know how to fight.
V. Right to health and medical care
Marchegg
We were on our way again, " he says. " We came out of a period of wandering around in the wilderness.
In the same vein, the NPT RevCon 2000 agreed that "legally binding security assurances ... strengthen the nuclear non-proliferation regime".
Thousands of Israeli Arabs have demonstrated in southern Israel against a plan to move them from their villages.
Higher education is unequally distributed across social classes.
"Concerned about the continuing difficulties in effectively implementing the goals and overall objectives of the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction,
 In Lebanon, some 20 United Nations organizations are entrusted with mandates ranging from peacekeeping and humanitarian and refugee assistance to reconstruction and development.
What are the grounds for the claim  for damages?
The Advisory Committee was informed that a number of these criteria would be factored into the selection of a suitable site.
12. Mr. Do Hung Viet (Viet Nam) said that his Government had introduced laws, mechanisms and creative measures for protecting the rights of all children. It had designed policies and programmes to provide special support to poor or marginalized children, such as Action Month for Children 2013, which had focused on poor and ethnic minority children, and a major community-based project to improve care and assistance for orphans, street children, children with severe disabilities, children living with HIV/AIDS and children affected by disasters.
Václav Havel Prize for Creative Dissent
78. Action is needed on several fronts, requiring the implementation of recommendations stemming from the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) and subsequent conferences.
Countries desiring to have their competent authorities engage in such consultations should provide the legal basis for the consultations by adding the necessary authority in their treaties.
K. Communication No. 909/2000, Kankanamge v. Sri Lanka
37. Requirements related to the conference costs have been provided under section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management, of the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007.
Paraguay
China, South Korea, Turkey and Mexico could win increases in their International Monetary Fund quotas 鈥?or shareholdings 鈥?鈥渋n a few days鈥? as an early step towards giving big developing countries more say in the institution, according to Rodrigo Rato, IMF managing director.
Rain made a mockery of our picnic.
35. At the same meeting, the Fifth Meeting of States Parties adopted its final document, contained in a conference room paper, as amended.
Sexual relations with minors under 14 are considered as rape and are punishable by prison sentences ranging from 15 years to life imprisonment.
204. The Board recommended in its previous report that the Administration ensure the proper custody, control and disposal of non-expendable property.
Ratio of debt to Government revenue.
39. Singapore noted Algeria's efforts to achieve the MDGs, particularly access to primary education and health, and a reduction in the spread of HIV/AIDS.
The following objects achieved orbit since the last report but were no longer in orbit as at 2400Z on 31 August 2010:
Agenda items 5 (a) and 6 were amended accordingly, and the provisional agenda was adopted unanimously.
Don't worry. I'll help you water the plants in the garden.
Humid air turbine cycle is very promising among the future advanced power cycles.
Han Duan studies abroad is decided by two preconditions.
115. In the rural areas large employers are required by the Government under the Labour Act 1982 (sects. 70 and 71) to provide free medical care to their employees and their families, as well as persons not employed by them.
Civil society organizations also played a key role in putting pressure on the Government.
Under the Reproductive Health Programme 2001-2005, which was approved by Presidential Decree No. 203/2001 of 26 March 2001, the Ministry of Health, in conjunction with the Academy of Medical Sciences, devised and adopted a plan for implementation of the measures set out in the Policy Outline on safe maternity for the period 2002-2005 (Instruction No. 412/96 dated 15 November 2002 of the Ministry of Health and the Academy of Medical Sciences confirming the plan for implementation of the measures set out in the Policy Outline on safe maternity for the period 2002-2005).
Opting out of the global market was not a solution.
Main Committees
At 30 June 1999, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in Jordan stood at 1,512,742, an increase of 3.4 per cent over the 30 June 1998 figure of 1.46 million.
Efforts included assigning full-time personnel and follow-up with agencies.
Acts of aggression in the field
 Still, a discussion in the Security Council allows us to elaborate further on some of its aspects.
We were all decked out for the party.
I cannot waited your forever, www. qqgxqm. net but you be others sun.
He presented the findings at the American College of Cardiology Conference in Orlando, Florida.
In its article on Scripture the council again rejected Lutheran teaching.
-- Improving energy conservation in industry.
As a deliberative and decision-making body, the Fifth Committee should be a forum for debate on administrative and budgetary questions.
States parties that had been visited and had requested the Subcommittee to publish their country visit reports, and national preventive mechanisms, were eligible to apply for grants.
105. At the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/2010/L.12, without a vote.
157. In developing countries, a resurgence in informal employment and home-based work has become a global trend under the drastically altered conditions of the 1980s.
A Research on the Generative Mechanism of Product Process Planning and the Constructional Technology of the Knowledge Database
Consequently, $276,200 is requested for a continuation of the three General Service (Other level) posts.
Type or paste here to translate text...
)   Since then, applied mathematicians have been coping successfully with many problems in astronony
But that was not true, for it was his master who had them: but he boasted.
Restrictions on freedom of movement continue to hamper everyday life for the people and to strangle the Palestinian economy.
XI.15 The Advisory Committee was also informed that the dedicated range would provide for training of United Nations security officers only.
Procuct: downlight spot light, halogen light source light, kitchen light etc. series.
Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade
In Peru there is the phenomenon of the “fleeteo”, boys 8 to 20 years old who live at home but prostitute themselves to supplement the family income or to buy drugs or new clothes.
The Commission decided to refer the following draft articles to the Drafting Committee: 36, 36 bis, 37 bis and 38 at its 2616th meeting, on 5 May, 40 bis at its 2623rd meeting, on 18 May, 43 and 44 at its 2637th meeting, on 11 July, 45, 45 bis and 46 bis at its 2640th meeting, on 14 July, 46 ter, 46 quater, 46 quinquies, and 46 sexies at its 2645th meeting, on 25 July, 30, 47, 47 bis, 48, 49, 50 and 50 bis at its 2649th meeting, on 1 August, 50A, 50B, 51, and the texts contained in footnotes 801 and 810 of A/CN.4/507/Add.4 at its 2653rd meeting, on 8 August.
Ireland
Étude Op. 25, No. 2
:: Management: decreased input and output
But as legislation orientation, it would limit access to form monopoly and lease.
Mere expression of regret by the judge concerned for such misconduct may not help to command respect for the independence of the judiciary.
Although Cuba does not recognize the Convention as a basis for extradition, it is regarded as a positive element that extradition may be requested on the basis of the principles of reciprocity and dual criminality, where no treaty exists.
He has banned federal funding for research on all but a handful of old embryonic stem-cell lines
49. Ms. Jeram (Slovenia) said that because 70 per cent of Roma women did not complete primary school, the Ministry of Education and Sport had placed special emphasis on educating young Roma women, which had led to an overall improvement in educational standards.
 My delegation feels that the report provides a comprehensive background to activities that have already been undertaken and are being planned for the development of Palestine and the social and economic improvement of the Palestinian people.
We therefore implore other developed partners to do likewise and to make greater efforts to deliver on their obligations, commitments and pledges in that regard.
You want me to testify to your back - of - the - envelope numbers?
Yemen
We are Americans and we will protect and preserve this country we love.
Measures taken with regard to the latter had included the establishment of a safe house for women and children victims of domestic violence, conducting awareness campaigns and instituting a Domestic Violence Unit within the Nauru Police Force.
While no one disputed the fact that the activities of military forces during an armed conflict were covered by the law applicable to such conflict, such immunity could not be accorded during peace time under a comprehensive convention covering a range of criminal acts.
Kuwabara is trying to give a foetus a safe home to avoid premature birth.
The Administrator, UNDP, said that discussions were under way between the UNDG members and the World Bank with regard to a new partnership approach.
Disinflation continued in most countries in 2004 reflecting relatively tight fiscal policies and in some cases, nominal effective exchange rate appreciation.
The interest of the larger membership in the issue of working methods is well known and has been documented extensively during the discussions on Security Council reform.
Ritan Park
(b) Recommendations for additional regular resources for approved country programmes
Relative paths are not supported.
(i) Promoting the clearing-house mechanism at conferences, workshops and other events.
Findings also show that regulators and faculty need to improve educational models and techniques to be effective in ethics education by considering other factors such as family, culture and social environment.
:: Complete implementation of state-level action plans for the return and reintegration of displaced refugees by end of 2010
He expressed the European Union's concern at reports of reprisals against human rights defenders who had engaged with the High Commissioner during her visit to Sri Lanka and encouraged the Government to cooperate with the United Nations human rights mechanisms.
To further enhance service quality and speed up cargo flow, the MST also joined hands with other major formations concerned in streamlining the cargo clearance procedures.
"--- The gray-headed sexton That delves the grave duly The glow-worm oer grave and stone Shall light thee steady, The owl from the steeple sing, Welcome, proud lady Kirkward: churchwar
Tracking heat prints.
2. According to information supplied by the Depositary Governments of the Convention (the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the United States of America), as of September 2006 there were 155 States Parties to the Convention, and a further 16 states which have signed but not yet ratified.
(e) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (resolution 60/201 of 22 December 2005);
As reiterated above, the acts of violence, discrimination and exclusion reported in various States do not just happen; they are shaped, mobilized and directed by individuals, extreme political groups, as well as movements that utilize different instruments of organization.
Subprogramme 7. Statistics
(c) By promulgating the draft regulations concerning the employment and working conditions of pregnant women and nursing mothers and ensuring that they comply with the Covenant;
Weight cycling, or yo-yo-ing weight, is associated with higher death rates - especially if some type of pills are being used.
“Regrets that thus far it has not been possible for the States which participated in the negotiation of the Convention to reach agreement on the provisions concerning the verification of facts which might be alleged and which might constitute violations of the undertakings subscribed to.
Professor Adam Timmis, consultant cardiologist at The London NHS Trust, said: "It's a small study but valuable because it provides a practical way for busy working people to increase their exercise capacity
The concept of trade in tasks can be traced to Adam Smith鈥檚 description of the division of labour in a pin factory in 18th-century Britain.
Tuen Mun Births Registry
It is our usual way to pack these goods in cartons.
 The high-level meeting could give direction to the special session by identifying, on a preliminary basis, substantive areas of priority concern, given the developments since Rio, within and outside the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Secretary-General would be obliged if States wishing to sign, ratify or accede to any of the treaties could notify and provide copies of full powers/instruments in advance to the Treaty Section.
Apoptosis is a genetically controlled multicellular organisms process to maintain homeostasis and remove the potentially dangerous cells.
Quintessence Fastener Co. , Ltd. of Yueqing, established in 1999, is located in the north Bai Xiang town of Yueqing.
Report of the Secretary-General on the policy for access to United Nations documentation by Member States and the public
Step 8
Vanilla ice cream is my most favorite and chocolate is the second.
Micha said the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, as a friend of China, was ready to offer help within its capacity for China to win the fight against the disaster.
Uninstalling a Hardware Locked Key ( with Confirmation ).
Objective: To explore the feasibility of cryoloop for vitrifying spermatozoa without cryoprotectants, and seek for a suitable freezing carrier for testicular or epididymal sperm.
She recognized the Special Rapporteur's efforts to expand on the subject of women's rights and wondered whether he had perceived a trend towards particular types of violations.
20.7 The objective of this subprogramme is to ensure a coherent, timely and effective response by the United Nations system and other relevant organizations to complex emergencies.
Machining Center Automatic Tool Change device consists of a knife tool storage library and ATC agencies.
(c) Repatriation benefits
In us, all the senses are distinct. These people muddle up their senses.
What may be perfectly acceptable to talk about in one culture may offend or even shock others when in a different culture.
The Committee is of the view that, in spite of the advantages initially foreseen in the implementation of the slotting system, chronic problems continue, due, at least in part, to "off schedule" submission of documentation for processing.
Disadvantaged groups of women
Then he ran to Eli and said, "Here I am, for you called me
Financing of the appropriation for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004
But it's far from clear how much effect further rate cuts would have.
Property investments fell sharply out of favour, partly because of profit-taking after a strong 2006, shrinking to just 14 per cent of portfolios, 10 percentage points down on the year before.
In the circumstances, the State party reiterates its request that the case be removed from the agenda of the follow-up procedure.
I heard the clock, but I didnt get up until 9.
Economically Active Population
Our reserve  food  is limited. We must find new resources as soon as possible.
2. The present report provides an overview of OIOS activities during the period from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014, but does not include oversight results pertaining to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the Department of Field Support or the peacekeeping and special political missions, which will be submitted to the General Assembly in part II of the report during the resumed part of the sixty-ninth session.
Return to Him from whom you have deeply defected, O sons of Israel.
"At the same time, we devoted special attention to developing and strengthening our human potential in various areas, in particular through reforming our system of education and improving professional training.
In Figure 1, you can see the difference in how two tools handle the error of a missing right parenthesis in a pointcut.
He had expressed his sense of urgency about the need for dramatic new recommendations.
At the very top of the steps was a bust of Shakespeare on a pedestal.
"Wild animals all have Buddha natures, too.
If it is a larger quantity, don't worry about it in their mouth patient chew, it is when the bubble gum blowing!
Potential activity 12: Based on the identified tools and methodologies, promote and catalyse further development of certain tools and methodologies, in order to respond to the needs of decision makers.
S/2005/745
Usually the surface would be hardened a large area after completion of development and construction projects.
84.32. Take more efficient steps to prevent and punish violence against women in all its manifestations (Hungary);
My country has the political will to ensure that these laws are reflected in effective measures to assist and protect indigenous ethnic groups.
II. Cross-border merger control in developing countries 13
Henry County, Kentucky
Eastern European States:
8. African Regional Centre for Technology (ARCT)
1739 establishments
While no in vivo studies have been conducted to address the potential mutagenicity/genotoxicity of PentaBDEs, commercial mixtures (Bromkal 70-5 DE, Saytex 115) have tested negative in standard bacterial reverse mutation assays (European Commission, 2000a).
28 July 2004
2. What policy interventions and regulatory frameworks could support public and private investment in job creation?
Each time Estonia ratified an international treaty, new provisions needed to be adopted to cover all the new obligations thus incurred, particularly since judges preferred to invoke national laws.
Pursuant to article 14 of the Statute of the Court, the Security Council decided, by resolution 1914 (2010) of 18 March 2010, that the election to fill the vacancy should take place on 29 June 2010 at a meeting of the Security Council and at a meeting of the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session.
 In  2005, Air Liquide ranked the 355 in the top 500 published by Forbes Global ( Version ) .
Constitutional, legislative and institutional framework
(i) "Country of nationality" shall mean the country of nationality recognized by the Secretary-General;
Of the total population, close to 221 million, or 44 per cent, live in poverty.
Choosing the things that most represent England has really got the nation's creative juices going, said Jerry Doyle, managing director of the Icons project
215. In the general debate on agenda item 7, statements were made by members of the SubCommission, observers and nongovernmental organizations.
Source: UNEP financial statements.
It had briefed the press and civil society organizations on the peacebuilding process and to what extent they should be engaged; organized a forum for heads of civil society organizations to help them better understand their role; and established a Peacebuilding Commission working committee, which continued to hold discussions with partners on the way in which they could incorporate some of the strategic areas that the Commission had identified for Sierra Leone.
A special unit of the Secretariat monitored the working conditions of women workers and conducted inspections on a regular or exceptional basis to ensure implementation of the labour law.
9950 ESA
Once its fame had been established, Mike began a career of touring side shows in the company of such other creatures as a two-headed calf.
30 June 1988
(g) Strengthening measures, including resource generation, to accelerate progress towards the achievement of Millennium Development Goal 5 on improving maternal health by addressing the specific health needs of rural women and taking concrete measures to enhance and provide access to the highest attainable standards of health for women in rural areas, as well as quality, affordable and universally accessible primary health care and support services, including in such areas of sexual and reproductive health as prenatal and postnatal health care, emergency obstetric care, family planning information and increasing knowledge, awareness and support for the prevention of sexually transmitted infections, including HIV, and by promoting and protecting their reproductive rights in accordance with the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development, the Beijing Platform for Action and their review outcomes;
The pool identified as the reclamation storage pool must be a primary sequential storage pool.
Humor catches others'attention as well.
Article 85 People coming from a yellow fever prevalent area are required to present valid certificate of inoculation against yellow fever to the health and quarantine organ upon entry.
Processes including simple diluting, mixing, packaging, bottling, drying, assembling, sorting or decorating will not be regarded as substantial transformation.
Clearly, the United Nations needs to fashion new and more flexible rules to deal with these new threats.
The main institutions are the Commission on Human Rights and Reception of Complaints, the Legislative Commission of the National Assembly and of the Senate, the Supreme Council of the Magistracy, the Courts, the Office of the Prosecutor General, the governmental Cambodian Human Rights Committee, the Cambodian National Police, the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces, the Royal Gendarmerie, the Prison Department, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Women and Veterans' Affairs and NGOs.
22 February 2003
"I like what I do," says the city project manager who once witnessed former colleagues award a contractor, paid for work he never completed, with the title of "Contractor of the Year.
Registered medical practitioners are employed from time to time for periods of between two and six months.
The negotiation of a framework agreement with the ACP countries would be followed by the negotiation of a number of differentiated economic partnership agreements, mainly with regional subgroups engaged in a process of integration.
26. In conjunction with the Year, UNICEF sought to consolidate and strengthen its approaches to sanitation and advocated internally for increased focus on and investment in sanitation.
While their eventual goal was to abolish slavery completely, in the meantime they were intent on helping to free as many slaves as possible, often at considerable risk.
Representatives of COHRE, ICJ, FIAN and the International Federation of Human Rights Leagues (FIDH) also made interventions building on the comments made by the Coalition.
8. In pursuance of Governing Council decision 20/19 A, progress has been made to date in strengthening the implementation of the Action Plan for the Protection, Management and Development of the Marine and Coastal Environment of the Northwest Pacific Region (NOWPAP).
No organ of the United Nations can fail to be affected by this far-reaching reform process.
i can finish two large pizzas in 10 minutes all by myself.
Comedy
Original:
35. Following the discussion, the Committee agreed that the Intersessional Working Group on Performance Management should continue its work and present a comprehensive proposal on a new ePAS at the next SMCC.
- Represents the first international treaty to explicitly contain a definition of gender thus applying a gender perspective in the design and evaluation of measures taken in its implementation
 In the same manner, we believe that the recent Declaration signed by Jordan and Israel is a significant step forward in the relaxation of tensions in the region.
The Inspectors found through their interviews that Member States do not understand how interview panels are constituted nor how or when a decision is made to have an outside expert serve on a panel.
10. The Chairman then proposed that the Committee should recommend to the plenary of the Second World Assembly on Ageing the adoption of a draft resolution (see para. 12 below).
His speech was received with rapture by his supporters.
4 February 2013
10 a.m. 4th meeting (closed) Conference Room 2
 Edwin's visits continue to be limited to two hours and he is denied access to the visitors' room.
Most other cities contented themselves with zoning plans for regulating future growth.
On the eve of a visit to Tokyo, Manmohan Singh, India's prime minister, yesterday said Delhi was in a position to help the IMF's emergency lending scheme.
The Department is working with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development to implement a subregional security strategy in the Horn of Africa.
The Prosecution assigned staff from the Appeals Section of the Office to assist, when necessary, on appeals which arise during the middle of a trial.
Separately, the private equity operation aims to expand in Europe by opening a Dutch office later this year.
It is our hope that the ICC will create greater awareness in the international community with respect to the principles of international criminal justice, as well as accountability, which can play a significant role in the consolidation of peace and global stability.
 Children are the object and focus of parental and grandparental love.
The Chairman noted that, following consultations with the Bureau of COP 4, the provisional agenda did not include items on: the impact of single projects on emissions in the commitment period; and the scientific and methodological aspects of the proposal by Brazil.
Some speakers made specific reference to the efforts undertaken by the Branch to make technical assistance tools accessible, including by using all the official languages of the United Nations on its website.
Hurricane Lester
A Journey to Latin America
OIOS
84. Remittances seem to have been less affected than migration flows.
We agree with the Special Rapporteur that religion should not be exploited to further a political programme, either national or international.
It looks poorest when you are richest.The fault-finder will find faults in paradise.
Article 25 Whoever manufactures, repairs or sells unqualified measuring instruments shall have his unlawful income confiscated and a fine may concurrently be imposed.
The SBI will have before it document FCCC/SBI/1999/7 containing information on the implementation of the arrangements for institutional linkage with the United Nations.
Philippines
What do you think happened to Sucre?
2010-028F
In only a few cases do the statements provide useful or actionable information to assist future investigations (see annexes 6, 8 and 9 for examples of witness statements).
In today's America, poor people tend to be obese: The cheapest foods tend to be calorie-heavy, and stores offering healthier, and more expensive, food choices are not often found in poor neighborhoods, she said.
the application of porous silicon is anticipated
Because your smile brightens up my day.
India's Moser Baer, a precision technology company, has expanded its revenues more than 40 per cent a year for the past five years, while China's Neusoft is fast becoming one of the biggest names in the provision of outsourcing for hi-tech industries.
After baffling biologists for decades, the female orgasm has resisted yet another attempt to explain its elusive evolutionary origins.
Challwa Q'asa
109. As envisaged by Security Council resolution 1690 (2006), and on the basis of the findings of the multidisciplinary assessment team, I recommend the establishment of a United Nations multidimensional, integrated mission in Timor-Leste with a mandate, concept of operations and structure as described below.
The decrease of $2.9 million under section 32, Construction, alteration, improvement and major maintenance, mainly reflects the completion of the first phases of the enterprise network project and the public information digitization project, and a decrease in infrastructure provisions for Headquarters, which are partially offset by provisions for the second phase of the enterprise network project, information technology infrastructure to support the Headquarters security system, information technology infrastructure at the United Nations Office at Geneva, a new on-site data centre at the United Nations Office at Vienna, and information technology and telephony infrastructure for the new office building at ECA.
 29. UNDP developed and distributed its guiding principles for the programme approach in May 1993.
This has been recognized by the Phase IV Working Group on Reimbursement of Contingent-owned Equipment in its report to the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/52/39, para. 35).
Billy didn't go to school and he was illiterate.
Union of Arab Jurists
She further expressed hope that the Institute would continue with its revitalization process and that, with the support of donor countries and an appropriate fund-raising strategy, INSTRAW would obtain tangible results.
Donors are regularly contacted by the secretariat to request authorization to close projects or reimburse or transfer residual amounts to other activities.
14. The change of gender relations in the public sphere needs to be complemented by efforts in the private sphere.
(e) Support national and regional capacity-building, especially in the fields of integrated management of water resources, energy efficiency, renewable energy applications, cleaner fossil fuels, sustainable agriculture and rural development;
Knell beetles in groups fight by using their shake the earth ability, and attempting to knock prone as many enemies as possible.
To alter or falsify ( accounts, for example ) for dishonest gain.
Who's love is like a flower that needs rain To wash away the feeling of pain. Which sometimes can lead to the chain of fear.
3.2 Upon application by the Contractor, not later than six months before the expiration of this contract, this contract may be extended for periods of not more than five years each on such terms and conditions as the Authority and the Contractor may then agree in accordance with the Regulations.
Rule 5
The Rotterdam Convention includes a positive list of chemicals subject to its prior informed consent procedure, while the Montreal Protocol contains several annexes listing ozone-depleting substances subject to the Protocol's phase-out schedules.
1326: At least one informal consultation meeting per year, expected to take place in Nairobi, is envisaged for 2013 and 2014 to facilitate the work of assisting the parties and promoting ratification of and compliance with the Montreal Protocol and its amendments.
It was a shabby mountain villa.
Thank you for visiting Youth.gov.hk. We cordially invite you to fill in the following questionnaire. Your opinions may help us to further develop the website in future. Thank you.
Turning to the specific experience of Metalcast Corporation, he described the corporation as an amorphous enterprise with an organizational structure based on `product owners' rather than on separate departments.
Space science and technology could contribute to achieving the Millennium Development Goals and the goals of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
James was even less formal, yet utterly irresistible in 4)creased summer trousers and a loose white cotton shirt. His dark hair was slightly ruffled and his eyes were full of adoration as he looked at his bride to be
The focus is on minimizing the negative impacts on the environment and health, minimizing the use of energy, land and all economic and social costs, and maximizing safety and guaranteeing sufficient access for all.
Article 15
Contents
 In the month of January 1994 alone, the Albanian side provoked nine border incidents in which the State border of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was violated and all of them took place on Yugoslav territory.
"(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives;
His country's main objective was the achievement of social justice in conditions of economic freedom and democracy, constant improvement of living standards and an equitable distribution of wealth.
69/3. United Nations Mission for Ebola Emergency Response
A leaf before the eye shuts the sight of Mount Tai.
Table 2, infra, identifies the Governments concerned, the instalments to be adjusted, the total number of claims to be corrected and the total amount by which the instalment will be increased.
The removal of such evidence is markedly similar to the removal of arms by Hizbullah in the aftermath of the 16 July explosion in the village of Khirbat Silim, as mentioned in the investigation reports on the matter delivered to the relevant parties and the reports of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the United Nations Secretariat to the Security Council.
The tactics Benitez employed and the manner of victory surprised many but Mascherano feels the players have to use that to inspire them against United.
The data available at the time of preparing this report suggest a stable trend in global cocaine seizures.
The authors of a number of additional communications have been informed that their cases will not be submitted to the Committee, as they fall clearly outside the scope of the Covenant or appear to be frivolous.
Convinced that a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices would be a significant contribution to nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation,
I didn't mean to argue.
 I would also like to inform members that, in connection with this event to which I have referred, the President of the Republic of Belarus, Alyaksandr Lukashenka, sent a personal letter to Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, which will be distributed as an official document of the General Assembly.
In today's China, the big urbanism construction strides and the national material cultural quality enhances quickly, so beauty and art become popularity and the adaptation gradually.
That has left coal stockpiles low: The China Electricity Council said inventories at power plants were enough for 11 days of production at the end of June, down from 17 days a year earlier.
D.Mus. Doctor of Music music in Chinese opera music of Achang nationalit
The Diplomacy of the Blind
In the fantasy you are a winner or a looser.
However, the Court must be able to act when national courts were unwilling or genuinely unable to prosecute.
75 per cent of participants
Read Depending upon the ability to validate all relevant cost elements, finalization of a services agreement could be expected after the closure of 2002 accounts.
Ethiopia will continue to work with all members of the Human Rights Council in an open and constructive dialogue and endeavour to implement recommendations.
We would open the windows overlooking the garden and, as we watched the bright summer swoop down and open the flowers and settle under the trees, we would sit side by side and drink in this real, live world which neither Marguerite nor I had understood before.
UN-Habitat is streamlining its reports and reducing hard-copy distribution and the number of publications.
37. An inventory was also conducted to assess the collection, identify missing items and books which may need repair or replacement, and to identify inconsistencies between the catalogue record and labelling of items to ensure that items corresponded with that of the catalogue.
More and more cold weather, you have to feed a seagull it?
But in the darkness of night I find they break into my sacred shrine, strong and turbulent, and snatch with unholy greed the offerings from God's altar. 33
Workshops will be organized in order to test the validity of the regional reports on key stakeholders in those countries.
Since the majority of persons condemned to death were Black, Mr. Guissé queried whether racial factors had an effect on the imposition of the death penalty.
It based its assessment on the following undisputed facts: that the author's brother had been arbitrarily arrested and detained on 27 July 1995; that he had not been informed of the charges against him or been brought promptly before a judge; and had been denied an opportunity to challenge the legality of his detention.
One of the criteria that may be lacking is the "objective" one of the absence of a link of nationality between the persons concerned and the State in whose territory they temporarily or permanently reside.
It is important to emphasize the unwavering and noteworthy work undertaken by UNAIDS and its partners in the field.
25 August 2003
On 20 September 1999, the first contingent of the Australian-led International Forces for East Timor (Interfet) arrived in the capital Dili to undertake the mission of restoring peace and security, protecting and supporting UNAMET in carrying out its tasks (within force capabilities), and to facilitate humanitarian assistance operations.
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, one of the main concerns of the Council was to create an environment conducive to the successful holding of presidential and parliamentary elections, including by increasing the military and civilian police strength of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the redeployment of ONUB personnel.
One day, a fruIt'stall outside the mall to buy fruit.
capacity building for key stakeholders including people with disabilities, families, Cook Islands National Disability Council (CINDC), Island Disability Committees, government ministries and departments, disability NGOs and other relevant partners
34. Tourist arrivals totalled 43,181 in 1997, a 15.1 per cent increase over the 37,498 in 1996, the most significant increase being in the winter months, which showed a 25.7 per cent increase over the same period in 1996.
14. The increased number of allegations in 2009 related to peacekeeping personnel can be attributed to several factors.
Develop personnel capacity for monitoring POPs.
After winning his party's primary, he was invited to deliver the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention.
Mr. JAYATILLEKA (Sri Lanka): I would like to make it clear that I speak on behalf of Sri Lanka rather than as the representative of the G-21.
He billeted in youth hotels.
151. In line with the operational requirements, it is proposed to redeploy one position of Security Officer (Field Service) from the Area Security Coordination Unit in Baghdad to the Security Strategic Plans and Administrative Support Unit.
:39721807-);46185263-"com10.cn" -A Letter to My Parents Dear Mum and Dad,Im writing to you in Beijing.Im very happy to visit Beijing again.
If the number has no fractional part , displays only a date .
Consultants
However, it faces a very critical economic and social situation today.
Cost of 1 kilowatt-hour in Tunisia in comparison to selected West African countries
Draft resolution on implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for all in the twenty-first century (A/C.3/58/L.8)
Licensing information about some common software
Accident and emergency attendances include first and follow - up attendances.
The Committee recommends that the State party implement the concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (A/51/18, paras. 509-538) and of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women (A/55/38, paras. 194-238).
April 1943 events
50. The CMP invited Parties and admitted observer organizations to submit to the secretariat, by 21 February 2011, their views on how the issues referred to in decision 7/CMP.6, paragraph 3, can be addressed in the modalities and procedures, and requested the secretariat to prepare a synthesis report based on the submissions.
9:8 Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob, saith the LORD.
Following this incident, a crime scene was established by the Australian Federal Police and additional measures were implemented for the protection of the Chargé d'affaires.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources for Development, third session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/46 and decision 1999/276]
:: Draft CPDs*
Further steps are envisaged by proposing amendments to the National Assembly Elections Act, introducing more binding measures for increasing the number of women in political decision-making.
A/CN.9/611/Add.1)
(b) The flat rates for boarding to be taken into account within the maximum admissible education expenses and the additional amounts for reimbursement of boarding costs over and above the maximum grant payable to staff members at designated duty stations should be revised as shown in annex IV, table 2.
The European Union had contributed large numbers of troops, civilian police and other personnel to various peacekeeping missions and, collectively, it was responsible for a significant share of the total peacekeeping budget.
It’s not just Haldane or the BoE.
The inextricable links between sanitation and so many human rights mean that international human rights law requires States to ensure access to sanitation that is safe, hygienic, secure, affordable, socially and culturally acceptable, provides privacy and ensures dignity in a nondiscriminatory manner.
1.2 Scope of presentation issues referred to in this Manual
But studies show that if you listen through a headset in a noisy environment, you probably crank the volume too high.
11. The representative of Tunisia said that his Government was ready to offer training and expertise, and to share its experience with the Gulf countries.
Keep an English journal.Try to write a few sentences about your day and then blurt them out as many times as possible before you go to sleep
Desertification and land degradation trends can only be appreciated on a medium- to long-term basis.
Prof. Chan added that apart from providing a platform for the research and development of pharmaceutical products, the Institute also offers professional services for the industry in Hong Kong.Equipped with state-of-the-art facilities over an area of 2,000-square-metre, the Institute is home to the Open Laboratory of Chirotechnology, SPF- (Specific Pathogen Free) Standard Animal Laboratory, GMP- (Good Manufacturing Practice) Standard Formulation Laboratory, DNA Chips Laboratory, and other laboratories for TCM pharmacology, TCM chemistry, toxicology and molecular pharmacology.
Members and alternates
Many delegations had spoken of the need to take full advantage of the regional commissions, some of which had already carried out reforms and readjustments.
Other resources mobilized
At ground zero, they still want to fit you into a neat pigeonhole.
Van Gogh had broken all the laws of contrasting color theory to create his undisputed masterpiece.
Reaffirming also its resolutions 1325 (2000) of 31 October 2000, 1820 (2008) of 19 June 2008, 1888 (2009) of 30 September 2009, 1889 (2009) of 5 October 2009, 1960 (2010) of 16 December 2010 and 2106 (2013) of 24 June 2013 on women and peace and security, and reiterating the need for the full, equal and effective participation of women at all stages of peace processes, given their vital role in the prevention and resolution of conflict and peacebuilding, reaffirming the key role women can play in re-establishing the fabric of recovering society, and stressing the need for their involvement in the development and implementation of post-conflict strategies in order to take into account their perspectives and needs,
The above-mentioned texts have recently been received from the Registry of the Court.
In his will he leave his wife enough money to live on.
Between 2302 and 2332 hours, an Israeli drone aircraft violated Lebanese airspace, entering from over the sea facing Damour, headed east and flew in a circular motion over Saida-Damour.
19. The Commission in its Sierra Leone country-specific meeting on 12 October 2006 endorsed critical priority areas for peace consolidation and reducing the country's risk of relapse into conflict identified by the government of Sierra Leone in consultation with other stakeholders.
Consequently, they wondered how the Sudan could be expected to extradite them.
I. Other special funds
At its 108th plenary meeting of the sixty-eighth session, held on 10 September 2014, the General Assembly adopted resolution 68/309 entitled "Report of the Open Working Group on Sustainable Development Goals established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 68/288".
Any chance of hitting the Cylons where it hurts, my pleasure.
 These are essential for it to be able to defend itself effectively, display resolve in carrying out its mission and provide area security for others involved in implementing the Peace Agreement.
This machine is applicable to automatic filling and packing of liquid and dope.
The Egyptian stock market recorded the most negative performance with a decline of close to 40 per cent, followed by the Amman Bourse with a decline of about 20 per cent.
Afghan salad
In my opinion, really happy people belong to are physically and mentally healthy.
(k) Working Capital Fund
Her career continues to flourish.
Be simple, understandable and user-friendly;
e. Promoting the ratification and implementation of the universal legal instruments against terrorism;
Employed persons by educational attainment and by sex (%) (excluding foreign domestic helpers)
A/CN.9/617
A good use of body language can help hold the audience's interest and establish a good relationship between the presenter and the audience.
Changes in the spring performance will directly affect the mechanical seal face pressure.
The preferred timeframe is to apply and receive the consent to execute this temporary measure from the court within 48 hours of submitting a request.
Mr. Muburi-Muita (Kenya): I take this opportunity to thank Mr. Srgjan Kerim, President of the General Assembly, for convening this thematic debate on the subject "Addressing climate change: the United Nations and the world at work".
4. Provisional agenda for the thirty-seventh session of the Commission.
A simple version of ray tracing known as ray transfer matrix analysis is often used in the design of optical resonators used in lasers.
National human rights institution
48. The Committee notes that adherence by States to the nine major international human rights instruments would enhance the enjoyment by women of their human rights and fundamental freedoms in all aspects of life.
The only other clue comes from the fact that the heart is on the left side of the mother's body.
The panel discussion resulted in the adoption of a road map for the implementation of the Praia Declaration by civil society organizations of the subregion.
Sarapiquí River
However, in terms of concrete results, cross-border trade has seen very little growth, mainly due to the persistence of non-tariff and administrative barriers, as well as the inadequacy of essential cross-border infrastructure.
One philosopher once said: "Brave soul resides, rather than a strong body. " This is a true portrayal of Helen.
An emerging donor country and major player in international development cooperation, Turkey had in 2011 hosted the Fourth United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries and attached great importance to the full implementation of its outcome document, the Istanbul Programme of Action.
Shentu
4. During the reporting period there was a slight improvement in the security situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, against a background of continued violence and military incursions and operations in and around refugee camps, and a lack of political progress.
244. The transformational projects presented in the present report will result in significant improvements in effectiveness and efficiency in the Organization and institute an organization-wide approach to ICT that is consistent with the expectations of Member States, a goal that is unattainable under current conditions.
2. Welcomes with appreciation the statements made by the majority of the States Members of the United Nations on the illegality of settlement activities in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and reaffirming the urgent calls by the international community upon the Government of Israel to stop immediately all settlement activities, including in East Jerusalem;
"They have also cast lots for My people, Traded a boy for a harlot And sold a girl for wine that they may drink.
"We can only give a thousand-year average, " says Kopp, meaning that it might well take a millennium for sea level to go up that much.
Zone - harbor gear type Bonded logistics zone is that peculiarity one having Chinese characteristics oversees area.
The military contingents and police officers deployed in Haiti are not conversant in French and/or the local language, Creole.
The representative of Bangladesh made a statement, in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/62/L.6.
Forty-second session
24 The Special Rapporteur and his predecessors have examined the question of torture and cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, including corporal punishment, against children in previous reports, in particular: A/57/173, A/55/290, A/54/426, E/CN.4/1996/35 and E/CN.4/1988/17.
An expression of utter timidity came over her flat blue eyes and her soft mouth.
3509 Sanshui
" With a perfect filter no smoke could seep through─just hot air.
E. World Geographical Names Database
and 32 of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples"
Decides also that contributions made by States to the Trust Fund should serve as a credit against future assessments against the budget of the Court.
Prohibitions or restrictions on activities in the private sector by public officials were extended by a number of States beyond the actual period of employment, with many States applying a 3 to 5 year post-employment prohibition on such activities.
8. Turning to the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20), he welcomed the establishment of the high-level political forum on sustainable development, which should build on the lessons learned from the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Furthermore, although the gender balance at senior levels had improved in general terms, there had been no improvement in favour of developing countries.
Recalling Security Council RESOLUTION NO. number 904 (1994) on the Massacre in the precinct of the Ibrahimi Mosque in Al-Khalil:
132. Relevant information was disseminated for increasing awareness of youth on reproductive health through lectures on "Reproductive Health" held with participation of experienced doctors-gynaecologists in several schools of the Republic, as well as broadcasts titled "Woman and the Society" prepared with the initiative of the State Committee for Family, Women and Children Affairs with participation of doctors, psychologists and representatives of the society and local self-governance.
To relinquish ( an office or function ).
34. The Department of Internal Affairs of the National Police is responsible for making inquiries into reports of police misconduct that fall within its remit.
44. The thirty-fourth session of ECLAC was held in San Salvador from 27 to 31 August 2012.
The organization also focuses on other categories of persons from third countries, emphasizing vulnerable groups, such as unaccompanied minors, victims of human trafficking and victims of torture.
Combined initial to sixth periodic report of Guinea-Bissau
The only person who had a bone to pick with me was Sally.
In the event of referring to arbitration when any dispute or conflict arises, a Chinese copy of the Contract and an English copy shall be submitted together. In the event of any dispute in the construe of the text of the Contract, the Chinese version shall prevail
The Twenty-second Annual Ministerial Meeting will be preceded by the Tenth Annual Senior Officials Meeting of the Group of 77, to be held on Wednesday, 23 September 1998, at 3 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Permanent Forum
Broad support was expressed in favour of subparagraph (a) based on recommendation 89 of the Legislative Guide. Some concerns were expressed with respect to subparagraph (b).
:: Establishment of a financial monitoring body -- a Financial Investigation Unit -- to achieve the aims and purposes of the bill;
Establishment of the policy department to help better coordination and monitor the level of service to citizens;
I would be grateful if the text of the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 43, and of the Security Council.
At 18:30, in Trusteeship Council Chamber.
Local officials say the army imposed a curfew in the town after re-taking control of the buildings.
Gazans continued to face electricity cuts of up to 12 hours per day and limited access to clean water.
The Palestinian Development Plan identifies water and waste-water as the first priority within this sector, and dedicates nearly 44 per cent of the sector budget to these areas.
For instance, the World Bank intends to launch a $40 million reinsertion and community rehabilitation programme that would mainly benefit youth at risk, but could also absorb some demobilized combatants.
Choose a place free from distraction and stay on task. Let everyone know this time is sacred and that you are not to be disturbed.
Electronic resources via Internet (including e-books and online databases)
LCQ2 : TD to review renewal arrangements of licences and permits
The following has been done in this respect:
no-load position
The twenty-first century has just begun and everything has changed.
When he arrived at the corner of Dundas and Waterloo Streets, a young man pressed a book into his hands.
I don't want to think customer as deceiver, but it did make me aware that such behavior is right what a deceiver does.
The Chairman: I shall now call on those delegations who wish to speak in exercise of the right of reply.
Hip abductors
'I'd like to call on the Australian government to reverse the English requirement for skilled workers from China, ' he said.
48. Barbados is a small developing state, and as a consequence it has a small Standing Army, created some 20 years ago to replace the volunteer Regiment that had served in colonial times and in the first decade of Independence.
However, the large symbol printer for carriage is not widely used in practical engineering, so the research of this paper has its practical usage value and significance.
Another suggestion was to add at the end of the article "whilst giving special regard to basic human needs".
America, at its best, matches a commitment to principle with a concern for
It was quite green, like the leaves of the elder, and was trimmed with large white Elder-flowers; so that at first one could not tell whether it was a stuff, or a natural green and real flowers.What's that woman's name?
(ii) Combined third and fourth periodic reports:
The Asian and Pacific regional faith-based organization forum and launch of Asian and Pacific interfaith network on population and development took place in Kuala Lumpur in May 2008.
(a) Effective and appropriate regulation of non-integrated work settings, including sheltered workshop; and
C. Financial services
48. In relation to the two-step approach, some argued that becoming party to an FMCT for NPT non-nuclear-weapon states with comprehensive safeguards agreements and the additional protocol should necessitate no additional instruments.
When they arrived at dry land, the elder went her own way.
V.51 Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was provided with an overview of the work of the ESCAP subregional offices.
2. As indicated in paragraph 12 and annexes I and II to the report of the Secretary-General (A/54/809), total expenditures for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 amounted to $132,949,580 gross ($129,664,280 net), compared with the amount of appropriation of $133,099,080 gross ($128,876,680 net) for the same period.
'    I delivered this message to Mrs. Earnshaw; she seemed in flighty spirits, and replied merrily, 'I hardly spoke a word, Ellen, and there he has gone out twice, crying.
He consistently stood against the policies of war and aggression, for winning national independence and safeguarding world peace.
7. Encourages eligible States also to nominate suitably qualified persons to have their names included in the lists of conciliators and arbitrators provided for under certain treaties, including the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea;
Objective The diverting water engineering of DaHuoFang is large item for diverting water in Liaoning.
Campaigns to discourage the practice have not always been well received by law enforcement officials and politicians alike.
The activities of such attachés facilitate the processing of requests for judicial assistance, since smooth communication is established between the central authorities and the attachés.
Contraceptive advice and provision, through those services and the mass media, targeted especially the vulnerable 15-19 age group and focused on the use of condoms, which also protected against sexually transmitted diseases and HIV/AIDS.
I love thee to the level of every day's Most quiet need, by sun and candle-light
I wish to draw your attention to the contents of the letter dated 12 May 2005 addressed to you by the Permanent Representative of Israel concerning violations of the Blue Line in southern Lebanon.
Further elaboration is needed, therefore, in order to ensure sustainability.
Lyndon, too, was now on board, pushing her bills through Congress for her.
Demographics of Croatia
Church House Gt. Smith Street, West Minster, London, UK.
Europe
36. in the light of the increased threat of nuclear proliferation and terrorism, supporting the G8 Global Partnership Initiative and IAEA action and other multilateral mechanisms in this regard, such as the Proliferation Security Initiative, the Global Initiative to Combat Nuclear Terrorism and the Global Threat Reduction Initiative; welcoming the security objectives of the Global Nuclear Security Summit;
Recommendation 4
Article 9 The acquisition, transference or extinction of the ownership of a ship shall be registered at the ship registration authorities; no acquisition, transference or extinction of the ship's ownership shall act against a third party unless registered.
He was found to have an anterior deltoid compartment syndrome and was treated with emergency fasciotomy with no adverse sequelae.
The real Rhys Williams was an uneducated , ignorant boy with no background , no breeding, no past, no future .
This is where journaling can provide huge advantages.
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
However, the Secretary-General believes that it could be useful to further elaborate on how the two criteria would be applied, along the lines recommended by the Committee.
(a) Ensure that all victims of racially motivated violence, including undocumented migrants, can lodge complaints effectively without fear of reprisals;
(b) Ensure a balance between preventive interventions and those providing protection and assistance to trafficked persons;
20. Because the draft basic principles and guidelines make this a matter for domestic law, State liability for financial compensation may be of either type.
The Transnational Organised Crime Act 2002 established major penaltieshigh levels of penalty for traffickers and smugglers, and can also be used to prosecute transgressing employers.
Children, in particular, seem to be susceptible to the toxic effects of pesticides: research shows that the increased incidence of childhood leukemia and brain cancer could be the result of early exposure.
A particle inside the shell is drawn equally in all directions and experiences no force at all.
During that meeting, the Chairman of RPF reaffirmed that the Front was more willing than ever to respect all its commitments, especially the one relating to the cantonment of its security battalion in Kigali.
1. Any person who seizes or detains and threatens to kill, to injure or to continue to detain another person (hereinafter referred to as the "hostage") in order to compel a third party, namely, a State, an international intergovernmental organization, a natural or juridical person, or a group of persons, to do or abstain from doing any act as an explicit or implicit condition for the release of the hostage commits the offence of taking of hostages ("hostage-taking") within the meaning of this Convention.
Expenditure for 2009/10
Rivers of Samara Oblast
Mr. Pius Ikpefuan Ayewoh*, Mr. Mike Gbadebo Omotosho, Mr. Mark Egbe,
(e) Foreign relations.
It was further agreed that the theme of follow-up to inquiries and visits should also be discussed by the proposed working group on follow-up and that one subgroup would address follow-up to concluding observations, inquiries and visits.
American President) Did you ever expect a corporation to have a conscience, when it has no soul to damned, and no body to be kicked?
We hope to see continued dialogue on the missile topic in this format.
Router
ARAB GROUP OF THE WHOLE
I got to steal that money, somehow; and I got to steal it some way that they won't suspicion that I done it.
Opinion No. 27/2005 (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya) 76
We look forward to receiving a workplan soon.
It was added that a dedicated provision on presentation would not be necessary, since draft articles on endorsement and control would suffice to establish the functional equivalence of presentation.
The Secretary-General recommends that the General Assembly approve the amendments to the Staff Regulations and that it take note of the amendments to the Staff Rules set out in the annexes to the present report.
It is acquiring 88.89 per cent of Bank Ekonomi for $607.5m in a move that will almost double its branch network across Indonesia and give it access into areas such as commercial banking.
Twinning involves pairing developed and DC regulatory institutions and staff with similar mandates and goals.
Where Lewis breaks new ground is in the advice that the procedures followed in the process of considering a person's petition are open to judicial review.
75. A major step towards introducing gender-based approaches to State policy was the adoption by the Supreme Council at its second reading on 8 September 2005 of the draft act on equal rights for women and men and the means of ensuring such rights.
The result is that it is only now that the draft order on the application of a quota for the participation of Ivorian women in governance and political life is to be signed by the new President of the Republic.
Without further specification as regards the nature of the measures, it is difficult, at this stage, to consider what the legal implications of such a designation would be.
Article 62 A one - person limited liability company may not set up the board of directors.
With the world economy slowing, exports are expected to slow locally and across the country.
And that he will have to bribe and bully them into accepting any sensible bailout.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Africa
Article 55 The rights of copyright owners, publishers, performers, producers of sound recordings and video recordings, radio stations and television stations as provided for in this Law shall, if their term of protection as specified in this Law has not yet expired on the date of entry into force of this Law, be protected in accordance with this Law.
The Security Council calls on Member States, especially in the region, to facilitate immediately the delivery of such assistance, to the most affected countries.
Disclaimer – Every effort is made to assure descriptions and prices are correct.
He raised his arm to protect his face.
Since its establishment in 2007, the Estonian national topographic database has contained basic topographic data for services and topographic maps.
General Assembly
But UNIDO's work on trade facilitation should complement activities already undertaken by other international organizations specializing in trade, such as WTO and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, and avoid duplication.
Visitors wore 3 - D glasses to watch animated movies at the Tokyo International Anime Fair 2009.
They put it in their house and hang small lights and colorful objects on its branches.
B. Constitutional and legislative framework
50. The aggregate summary of the RFA accounts is shown in table 13.
7. The current system of financing for development had failed to deliver on commitments and lacked coherence with other related United Nations initiatives.
The European Union calls upon all the parties to the Agreement to implement it in good faith and to establish on 14 October 2003 a transitional Government that will lead the country to free and fair elections in October 2005, thus restoring a fully elected democratic Government.
Recommendation 40/4
V. Budget
You know it doesnt bother the team as much as it bothers him.
Editing 19. Editing is an important quality-control tool.
(a) Using a standard UNDP project for policy advisory and capacity development support;
Lake Bolsena
Hes a common boy, you know
Can you mend these trousers for me?
meredith went after this creep,and it's my fault.
Item 4: Adoption of the outcome of the Meeting
The regional office in Montevideo translated, printed and distributed 12,000 copies of the poster sets to all public schools in Uruguay, published inserts about the Day in several newspapers and organized a national essay contest on the subject of tolerance in cooperation with the Carlos Milies Foundation, which had already organized a one-day seminar on tolerance in October.
Support to biological families, and subsequently assistance to a child who cannot remain with his or her own family are the most important measures.
The Chinese Government is firmly opposed to the weaponization of and an arms race in outer space, and strives to maintain peace and security in outer space.
Don't take it for granted that your parents will excuse you.
B. Judicial system
The concept of registering NAMAs - even if not driven by carbon market incentives - has been proposed in order to acknowledge developing country action in the absence of binding targets.
Report of the Secretary-General on measuring the impact of information and communication technologies for development
Date of adoption
She could do nothing but stare and wonder.
Internally displaced persons: draft resolution
Mr. Uskov (Russian Federation) said that, while his delegation supported the proposal made by the representative of Spain, it would like clarification as to how such reporting should best be done.
178. The Special Committee affirms the importance of continuing to ensure that all peacekeeping personnel receive adequate training on child protection and child rights in order to strengthen the protection of children in conflict and post-conflict situations.
According to the census data of 2002, their numbers had fallen dramatically since the 1989 census, from 3.3 million to 2.7 million.
Ordering materials planning inventories and analyzing business plans are part of the activities that affect the production system.
Then Colin's thin feet were on the grass and he was standing, holding Dickon's arm.
As many as 20 people were killed on Saturday in suicide car bomb attacks in Iraq with dozens of others wounded amid US claim of the arrest of a senior aide to Washington's top foe, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
49. So far, the consultation mechanisms provided for in the Set have mostly been used, with success, for presentations, the exchange of experiences and discussions on different competition issues.
Horizontal seams: towards the hem with the exception of waist seams.
"Three Smart Tips to Clean Your PC" Promotion Campaign
Factor influencing project quality a lot of, the key lie in the management of quality control point to construct course;
The implementation of the request would be carried out within the resources provided under section 4, "Disarmament", of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009.
:: Organization of 20 regional town hall meetings (2 per department) with parliamentarians on the strengthening of democratic institutions and processes (including elections and decentralization) for a total of 1,000 participants
Kidney and Urinary Tract
(e) Collaboration in the development of technology, including data-sharing, participation in tests and joint environmental investigation.
Even if a State party, during a state of emergency, and to the extent that such measures are strictly required by the exigencies of the situation, may introduce adjustments to the practical functioning of its procedures governing judicial or other remedies, the State party must comply with the fundamental obligation, under article 2, paragraph 3, of the Covenant to provide a remedy that is effective.
The organization believes that tackling poverty is possible only when it is helping people to secure their fundamental human rights: the right to life and security; the right to a sustainable livelihood; the right to essential services; the right to be heard; and the right to equity (in particular the rights of women).
38. The knowledge factor in adapting a successful practice is also quite important. This relates to how officials are trained, their experience, their tolerance for change and other factors.
The police tried to stop the crowd but it was an empty gesture.
We can all use it!
In that connection, we wish to recall a resolution of the Agency's General Conference, resolution GC(50)RES/12, which in its preamble states that the financing of technical cooperation should be in line with the concept of shared responsibility, under which there is a common engagement towards financing and enhancing the activities of the Agency.
The node has good ductility performance, can play a role in passive energy dissipation, and can be used in seismic building structures.
Recalling that, in this spirit, the Commission subsequently admitted, as members, Spain in 1979, Portugal in 1984, Italy in 1990, and Germany in 2005,
In February 2001, the Standing Committee of the Ninth NPC made amendments to the Law Governing Regional Ethnic Autonomy, upgrading the system of regional ethnic autonomy as part of the basic political system of China.New stipulations added in the Law include: carrying out necessary special policies in the ethnic autonomous areas, and increasing investments in and accelerating the development of these areas, which have further strengthened the legal guarantee of autonomy in the autonomous areas.
Turning off the electric light he continued the conversation with himself, It was the light of course but it is necessary that the place be clean and pleasant.
Kazakhstan, Russian Federation
Year
The number of stakeholders a TNC has is potentially enormous.
Measures to combat female genital mutilation were another area in which the Government could benefit from the successful experience of other African countries.
At the regional level biodiversity was found to be facing various threats caused by human activities resulting in disturbance, loss and fragmentation of habitats.
The Committee is also concerned at the high number of unsafe and illegal abortions, which have serious consequences for health and are still one of the main causes of maternal mortality (art. 12).
This was what they achieved after ten years of ceaseless labour.
If done, we strongly believe that it would resolve existing and potential conflicts and stop subsequent trafficking of arms not only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo but also in the region.
Subsequently, Australia and Norway joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Warn of: the police are warning of possible delays.
Draft provisional schedule for the eighth session of the General Conference
Torre HSBC is located on Paseo de la Reforma in front of the Angel of Independence statue. It is regarded as the most environmentally advanced building of its kind in Latin America.
13. Requests the secretariat of the Commission to coordinate the participation of the relevant major groups in the thematic discussions at the sixteenth session of the Commission and the reporting on the fulfilment of corporate accountability and responsibility with respect to the thematic cluster of issues, in accordance with the provisions of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
At the time of birth, a baby's chance of survival increases significantly with the presence of a skilled birth attendant.
In the picture, there is an Arab on the camel going across the desert.
Section B of the draft chapter deals with the choice of law or laws governing the project agreement and other contracts entered into by the concessionaire during the life of the project.
(i) How best to secure their full participation in the work of the Committee;
He might be dead after tonight if he didn't stop all this crap, Michael thought grimly.
National experiences of trade in professional services
The analysis provided above (II-III) indicates that, in addition to the judgments involving twenty-seven persons, the ICTR will deliver judgments in at least twenty-one cases in respect of thirty-seven persons from 2006 onwards (twenty-seven accused currently on trial and ten detainees).
E. Relation to Other Verification Arrangements
Norway
41. It is important for the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take into consideration earlier experience in other countries, while bearing in mind the particular nature of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world
III. Trend in policy responses
List of documents
Intranet connectivity to 15 missions, hosted in 17 locations
Report of the Executive Director
1:25 And when he shewed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the sword; but they let go the man and all his family
The scourge of violence against women and girls, including conflict-related sexual violence, holds back progress in the achievement of all the Goals (A/67/257).
Proposals to seek advisory opinions prior to the adoption of the Partition Resolution were considered on many occasions in the competent subsidiary bodies but no request was ever adopted.
6. The situation in Angola.
It's how your daddy and me made your brothers and you.
In the absence of key partners, less than 12 meetings of the security pillar of the Government's poverty reduction strategy were held
HIV is no longer not only a health issue but also has social, economic, development & security components.
What will happen with Syria’s Kurds and Palestinians, or its Christians, Druze, and smaller Muslim minorities?
Sixty-second year Identical letters dated 26 March 2007 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and to the President of the Security Council
8 April 1994
However, in an outright transfer, the assignor has generally transferred all of its rights in the receivable.
I am possessed by this house and can never leave it again.
Cuba is not unaware that there are various categories of weapons with their distinctive specifications and characteristics that must be taken into account in conducting an analysis such as the Conference intends to undertake, but due regard should be paid to the common pattern to which I referred and the need to seek more efficient and effective global solutions.
"We discussed what we thought was needed: a partnership between the private and public sector to establish a pool of funds and share risk.
Mike: If you believe the market will go up, you can buy in or .
:: Better coordination was needed between countries and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, not with a view to supervising what the Department was doing but to more effectively address the challenges that were common and which must be faced together.
He thanked China for its long-term support and help, saying Albania hopes to develop with China all-round cooperative ties and welcomes Chinese businesses to invest in Albania.
On the foreign-policy front, the MHP’s inherently Euroskeptic stance will further restrict Turkey’s diplomatic space to rebuild its relations with its partners in the West.
If there is no improvement, do not advise you to take your car take risks.
I don't want them to stay as they are - I want them to improve - but I want them to keep that attitude.
On 25 November 2009, the Council was briefed by the Chair of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004) concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Permanent Representative of Turkey, Ambassador Ertuğrul Apakan, on the report of the Group of Experts (S/2009/603), and on deliberations among Committee members on that report at the Committee's informal consultations on 18 and 20 November 2009.
The international community must not fall into the trap of answering terrorist attacks by disregarding fundamental human rights principles.
  Paul smiled a little.He thought he knew what the lad wanted.
Mindful of the role, mandate and activities of other United Nations agencies, funds and programmes in dealing with the issues of foreign debt and international financial obligations,
In that regard, the United Arab Emirates recommended reducing the debt burdens of developing countries, as advocated in the G-8 Debt Initiative, and facilitating the transfer of modern information technology to those countries, in accordance with the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Secondly, the secretariat invited the Working Group to provide guidance on the most effective ways for demand for and supply of anti-corruption expertise to be matched while safeguarding the confidentiality of information contained in the database.
Organs of self-government of autonomous areas may decide their own local education programs, including the establishment of schools, the length of study, the forms of school running, course contents, language of instruction and procedures of enrollment and develop independently their own type of education based on their ethnic minority characteristics and within the state education policies and relevant laws (see Table 1).
H.E. Mr. Paul Kagame, President of the Republic of Rwanda, addressed the General Assembly.
OBJECTIVE To establish an assay method for phenyl salicylate in compound titanium dioxide cream.
Kaisyuan MRT station
Referring to entry and departure from airports, the representative of the host country confirmed that the host country had made arrangements with the competent authorities to ensure the privacy and courtesy of security measures directed at diplomats other than Heads of State and cabinet-rank ministers.
Nevertheless, there continues to be an accumulated deficit of $26.6 million.
50. In many societies care for dependent or sick persons was provided by older people; in that context, it was important that their own access to primary health care, centred on their medical needs and adequate nutrition, should be integrated into the wider development process and include a safety net to cope with inadequate social schemes.
The right to amend an instrument normally belonged to the States parties and it was extremely unusual to extend that right to others.
Even today, at a time of globally orientated markets, this company virtue is a mark of our trade.
Adoption of the tentative work plan for the annual session 2010
This thrill - seeking behavior may also a result of a driver's environment.
JS1 recommended an amendment of the criminal law to allow state prosecution in cases of low and medium-level violence.
10 July 1998
"A little bit more! " She shows loving care for me and hastens to add more food on my plate until I eat myself sick.
To complement the self-assessments and to promote their greater depth, peer-review visits were carried out in the 31 national statistical institutes of European Union member States and European Free Trade Association (EFTA) countries and in Eurostat over the period 2006-2008.
For reasons of safety, information relating to victims of trafficking in human beings was kept confidential.
Member States have not yet been able to agree on which activities should be so defined.
4. The first meeting of the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee on the elaboration of complementary standards was opened on 10 April 2012 by Yury Boychenko, Chief of the Anti-Discrimination Section, Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
The dispute was referred to the United Nations / to arbitration.
They stressed that UNFPA leadership was critical in providing access to sexual and reproductive health services and supplies in crisis situations to women and girls.
A. Pasquier-Castro
We call upon the Palestinian Authority to do all it can in order to stop those attacks.
Commemoration of the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child
Kenya achieved a breakthrough with its 2011 Citizenship and Immigration Act, which provides that stateless persons who have resided in Kenya since independence may register as citizens if they do so within five years of the Act's adoption.
Report of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice;
The royal destroyer employs lots of loyal employees.. 272
In its current format, the database is orientated to static figures, such as the number of route-kilometres.
Iran (Islamic Republic of) 25
Display of graphical windshear alerts
I will see how a situation develops and react accordingly.
However Miss Chavez blamed the embassy for not helping her end her vigil.
94th plenary meeting
RoamEO might look like the Romulan version of a Star Trek tricorder, but it's actually a handheld monitoring device to track your pets.
As a judgment on the strength and prospects of the US economy, it is less promising.
will be exceeded. Advice from EPD should be sought if it is anticipated that helicopters will be operated:
Yet the overall benefits of a successful Doha Round would likely be hundreds of times greater than these costs.
The African Group hopes that the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism initiated by India will also achieve a positive outcome soon.
-- -- there came a man of God out of Judah by the word of the LORD unto Bethel and Jeroboam stood by the altar to burn incense.
C. Outcome of the session 21
To the extent that the provision should pertain to liability for acts performed in conformity with international law, the provision would require a more specific formulation because it would otherwise lead to the danger of possibly undercutting the effect of circumstances precluding wrongfulness.
Education
Institutional investors also agreed to take a piece of the offering for a fee.
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat
I will now post some information and a couple of quotes what were in the article.
Should they be given more privacy, or is the price of their fame an invasion into their private lives
Sarmede
31. Bhutan commended efforts made by Vanuatu despite the challenges and constraints that it faced.
Sex appeal advertisement, as a special form of advertising, is considered to be more interesting and eye-catching.
JEF United Chiba
Investors typically take a 20% drop in a major index to mean a bear market is under way.
Official hospitality
In that regard, the Committee expressed profound appreciation to its Bureau and the various steering, working and advisory groups established to implement decisions taken by the Committee at its second session.
Saudi women remain veiled and segregated and are forbidden to drive or to obtain their own identity cards.
The activities of the Office have been further reinforced and guided by subsequent General Assembly resolutions, conclusions and decisions of the Executive Committee of the High Commissioner's Programme, and are carried out
In those countries where e-commerce was the most advanced, Governments had been instrumental in promulgating legislation and promoting dialogue on the issue.
While Kvaerner submitted its claim as one for losses due to non-productivity, it is, in actual fact, a claim for loss of profits and overheads.
Congratulations, your plug-in is now a part of the jQuery plug-in community, and you are officially a contributor to an open source project.
For the United Nations Federal Credit Union Building, for instance, although the lease for four floors was signed by the Office of the Capital Master Plan, the rent for two floors was allocated solely to the capital master plan accounts, the rent for one floor was split among the capital master plan, the Facilities Management Service and others, and the rent for the other floor was paid from the Facilities Management Service budget.
TEL AVIV – This summer, Israel passed a controversial new “nation-state law” that asserted that “the right [to exercise] national self-determination” is “unique to the Jewish people” and established Hebrew as Israel’s official language, downgrading Arabic to a “special status.”
Band, Mureș
In order to implement the Labor Law, a labor contract system, a minimum-wage system and a labor supervision system have basically been established in the whole country.
The lack of consolidated control made it difficult to ascertain who was responsible for what.
Ms. Calcetas-Santos had chosen to focus her report on the role of the private sector and non-governmental organizations in promoting the rights of the child, in other words, on the fact that certain enterprises set up nurseries in the workplace to enable working mothers to have their children near them, provided scholarships for children of disadvantaged families, and so on.
 So too, the World Conference on Women to be held in Beijing will have to continue that work of intensification begun in Cairo during the International Conference on Population and Development: woman, the best agent for development.
Despite improvements over previous initiatives, the road map contains at least one essential flaw that could easily undermine the successful realization of a just peace.
Concoret
C. Need for regular and timely assessments to generate policy relevant advice
7.1 Before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must, in accordance with rule 93 of its rules of procedure, decide whether or not the case is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
What sticks most in my mind is all the good buddies I saw killed there.
As a result of implementing measures in connection with alcohol consumption
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
So far, various actions have been taken by the federal and regional parliaments in discharging this responsibility.
108. The Board was informed that the Investment Management Division was implementing, during 2010, an updated risk, compliance and investment manual together with the selection of a risk analytics software programme.
She had tickets to see the new show at the Aldwych theatre.
The Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to the United Nations presents its compliments to the President of the Security Council of the United Nations and has the honour to inform him of the attached decision of the Government of Afghanistan that was communicated to the International Narcotics Control Board (see annex).
Arome Bakery
Conference Room 4
The improved upland rice technology had positive and robust effects on upland rice farmers' income increase.
Indicators of achievement
5.7 Considering the State party's statement that he could have addressed the Constitutional Court for an interpretation of the sanction while in office, the author comments that he did not do so because the prohibition did not exist at that time.
Boosting domestic demand in several developing countries will require reviewing trade policies based on economic partnership agreements or free trade agreements designed in the past.
It has helped us through many difficult times in the past.
This might well mean that a victim did not have to exhaust domestic remedies, since the State was failing to discharge its primary obligation to provide an effective domestic remedy.
Many feel arbitration proceedings favour large companies over individuals.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina, two projects to strengthen the criminal justice systems are under way: one in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the other in Republika Srpska.
If he finds out that you know about this, Any of this, he's gonna kill me, Or you, or Oh, just... just leave!
In paragraph 7, after Mauritania, insert Nigeria as one of the sponsors.
40. Following up on the comments of the Advisory Committee in its report on the UNDCP final budget for the biennium 2000-2001 and proposed initial budget for the biennium 2002-2003 the Board is concerned that the "arbitrary classification of costs between programme costs and support costs can inflate programme costs, while administrative and management expenditure and programme support can be held artificially low with no apparent justification" (E/CN.7/2001/18, para. 19).
One serious obstacle to a speedy completion of troop withdrawal from Latvia and Estonia, as the Secretary-General recognizes in his report, is the problem of building the necessary housing in Russia for troops and family members returning from Latvia and Estonia.
). Among the 872 active dentists enumerated working in the private sector, 75.2% reported to be self-employed.
General exchange of views
Establish a Higher Vocation College Revolving around "Three Transformations"
Mr. Nils Castro Mr. Alfredo Suescum
A group of heroesbegins a quest to defeat  Diablo and his brothers.
The Chair shall call a speaker to order if his or her remarks are irrelevant to the subject under discussion. Precedence
But I don't think I'll ever be able to spell.B: You're not alone there.
As he crossed and saw his own reflection in the water beneath.
Even in the case of new mandates, the Secretary-General was required, pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 41/213 and 42/211, to do his utmost to absorb any new requirements from existing resources.
The General Assembly reaffirmed those qualities in its resolution 56/260, adopted less than two years ago, by which the terms of reference for the negotiation process -- the marching orders of the Ad Hoc Committee -- were agreed upon.
Ex gratia payments
Moreover, the complainant considers that it is perfectly conceivable that K.H. had gone into hiding.
Bids for the 2000 Summer Olympics
(b) Sustainable fisheries, including through the 1995 Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments.
So he has asked the Aga Khan, a newspaper magnate in the region, to set up a feistier alternative in Kigali; he has yet to agree.
The Co-Chair, H.E. Mr. John Agyekum Kufour, President of the Republic of Ghana, made an introductory statement.
The Secretariat initiated 1,732 outputs, bringing the total number of outputs committed for implementation to 27,098.
For Nato to be staging manoeuvres, albeit modest ones, in Georgia sends several messages at once.
This case reportedly occurred in 2003 and was sent under the urgent action procedure.
Relevant experts shall be invited if it is a special or large-scale project.
Hughes knows whereof she speaks.
Second, the developing countries are still under-represented in the United Nations human rights area.
Reference was also made to a proposal for the establishment of a fund to be financed by voluntary contributions, as well as collected fines and confiscated assets.
Most of you have decided on a career.
Therefore, one of the priorities of the reform of the social protection system is to improve protection of these particularly vulnerable groups through the process of preventing institutional care, gradual reduction of institutions' capacities, raising the quality of institutional care and creating possibilities for users to leave institutions and go to the natural or less restrictive environment.
Furthermore, measures taken by the Convention Committee to address the concerns raised are not binding.
As set out above, we envisage that the Article 8 expert review process would form the first stage in the compliance system.
User location set by GPS, clicking on map, city selection, or by entering Latitude and Longitude.
Oh young ones, God is Great!"
Noting the efforts of the Territory to address the problem of unemployment on the island and the joint action of the administering Power and the territorial Government in dealing with it,
After a brief introduction, her two marriages, or the two phases in her life are analyzed in detail.
7. Progress in implementing the ICPD Programme of Action at the country level has been considerable, as also documented by the ICPD+10 review (World Reaffirms Cairo: Official Outcomes of the ICPD plus Ten Review, 2005).
(a) Redeploy their respective forces to the positions held prior to 6 May 1998 in the case of Eritrea and prior to 6 February 1999 in the case of Ethiopia, in conformity with the Modalities and without prejudice to the final status of the territories concerned, which will be determined at the end of the delimitation-demarcation process;
a Comparative figures for 2000-2001 have been restated to conform to current presentation.
WAD
International Federation Terre des
Anh Tuan
The children are playing football on the sports ground.
I don't care. Please just leave me alone.
Best used as an integral part of a development testing regime; it provides a mechanism to consistently write and execute tests
You should read newspapers to get abreast of what is going on.
2. The shares designated in the schedule with an asterisk will remain as shown in the schedule. The balance of costs will be divided among the other States Parties in accordance with the United Nations assessment scale prorated to take into account differences between the United Nations membership and the number of States Parties.
The Philippines ranked 35th out of 70 countries in the gender empowerment index, higher than Asian countries like Japan, Malaysia and Thailand.
In paragraphs to below, two possible overarching and long-term strategic goals for the Committee of Statistics are discussed.
In the area of procurement, the Chief Administrative Officer exercises authority to approve the award of contracts up to $200,000 and write-off of mission property up to $25,000.
For example, Brazil is one of the largest food producers and exporters in the world, yet according to Government statistics, 22 million of its people still go hungry and chronically undernourished.
6. To welcome the report of the World Commission on Social Dimension of Globalization and urge the General Assembly and other organs and bodies of the UN system to give full consideration to the proposals and recommendations contained therein with a view to contributing to make globalization inclusive and equitable for all world's people bearing in mind the conditions of developing countries, national developments needs, priorities and policies.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,163,400
In professional secondary schools, colleges and universities, the percentage of female teachers with high qualifications has increased dramatically.
Transport authorities say most of trains are running.
Implementing "Green-certificate" training, improving farmers'quality on science and technology
16. Also decides, taking into account the amount of 494,887,000 dollars previously apportioned at a monthly rate of 41,240,583 dollars for the period from 1 July 2005 to 30 June 2006 under the terms of its resolution 59/17 B, to apportion among Member States the additional amount of 29,147,500 dollars for the period from 1 July 2005 to 15 February 2006, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 58/256 of 23 December 2003 and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2005 and 2006, as set out in its resolution 58/1 B of 23 December 2003;
It really comes in handy
The new system will partially automate the generation of vacancy announcements, as well as the preliminary screening of applications provided in electronic format.
Say, if you want anything cooked while you leave your message, just hold it up to the phone.Hello, you are talking to a machine. I am capable of receiving messages
Doctors may use a combination of tests to diagnose Marfan syndrome.
The present or impending decline of the United States is of course a hardy perennial in the world of ideas.
In the present excellent situation, we must remain sober - minded.
I know you're thinking: I should have.
 102. However, in recent years a number of reports of increased growth rates have been published.
I wish I could tell you it was about making people well, but I think it was more about wanting to cut them open!
63. Maldives welcomed the establishment of numerous governmental and non-governmental institutions to promote and protect human rights, including the National Organization for Women and the National Coalition on the Rights of the Child.
The Office of Internal Oversight Services recognized that the input and insight that could be gathered from the staff performing administrative duties on a day-to-day basis was essential to the project, as was the need to highlight issues and raise staff members' awareness of the opportunity for improving work methods.
21. Many delegates welcomed the fact that the format of the Note followed that of the Agenda for Protection and a number took up the invitation of the Director of International Protection to report back on their implementation of the Agenda at national and regional levels.
Sister, wife, mother, friend, worker, head of the family, she is an indispensable presence and loving counselor.
The Project Board, co-chaired by the Independent Electoral Commission and UNDP. Members include donors and key domestic stakeholders, as required
Working on the EC's tasks has been a positive experience in building partnerships with the international community.
It is only 130 years since the last immigrationfrom Canada took place.
The expatriate workers staffing Luanda’s office towers and occupying its fancy residential neighborhoods complained that it was the most expensive city in the world.
UNOPS recruits the best available expertise in specialized areas such as engineering, logistics, administration, information technology, communications and elections.
H.E. Mrs. Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga, President of the Republic of Latvia, addressed the General Assembly.
414. Aware of the importance of Arab voluntary work, the Council of Arab Ministers of Youth and Sports proclaimed 2001 as Arab Voluntary Action Year.
It also supported the modalities proposed for the holding of the third and final session of the Preparatory Committee.
Item 40 (b) of the provisional agenda*
(a) Help Desk support ($900,000): support to all information communication technology systems including hardware and software;
I will never forget felling when I step on Chinese soil again.
The Office is supported by an Administrative Assistant (General Service (Other level)) and an Administrative Clerk/Language Assistant (national General Service staff).
The Ministry of Education (Ministero dell'Istruzione, dell'Università e della Ricerca - MIUR) carried out a number of initiatives to support and promote gender equality in the period between 1997-2000.
Objective To explore method for synthetically evaluating life quality of the elderly population.
Kathy and Evan leave the airport terminal.
When putting forth a new Renminbi issue, The People's Bank of China shall make known to the public the issuing date, face values, designs, patterns and specifications.
These technologiesshould be evaluated for suitability in light of total residual risk as determined in system safety program planning.
It pointed to the growth of service industries, such as tourism and transport, and the expanding informal economy, where workers are not under contract, contributed to longer working hours.
The SBSTA considered this sub-item at its 1st and 4th meetings, on 7 and 18 May, respectively.
Malawi
List of minor planets/37801–37900
Eritrea
The material quality has the high tech ingredient, can withstand the very great weight also not easy to contaminate the dust.
A reasonable and effective job rotation system in modern organization an active part in career management.
What the study could not say was why people who are depressed eat more chocolate.
Mandate, scope and methodology
Cycling at the 2016 Summer Paralympics – Mixed team relay
 Letter dated 19 November (S/26772) from the representative of Yugoslavia addressed to the Secretary-General, and annex.
 3.5 Owing to the special significance of activities relating to preventive diplomacy, derived from new mandates relegated by the General Assembly and the Security Council, outputs related thereto, including good offices, participation in negotiations and support of and participation in missions and related activities, have been added.
You see all of these.
7. Information on the activities of UNOMIG during the period under review is contained in the reports of the Secretary-General to the Security Council dated 18 and 29 July 1997 (S/1997/558 and Add.1), 28 October and 11 November 1997 (S/1997/827 and Add.1), 19 January 1998 (S/1998/51), 11 and 13 May 1998 (S/1998/375 and Add.1) and 10 and 18 June 1998 (S/1998/497 and Add.1).
“2. The Secretary-General of the United Nations shall provide the Committee with the necessary staff, facilities and finances for the performance of its functions under this Protocol, and in particular shall ensure that expert legal advice is available to the Committee for this purpose.”
Any annex is the integral part of this contract. The annex and this contract are equally valid.
21. The United Nations continues to support States in the incorporation of international legal obligations into domestic law, as well as the development of legal foundations for the governance, oversight and accountability of justice and security institutions.
Fambach
(b) To evaluate and define the possible applications of innovative organizational and other configurations in a world space observatory;
The freedom is a kind of scenery that can flow forever, crossing the hall as the breeze, which can perform the elegant and clear house style easily.
Dev. Bank
With the rapid development of science and technology, people's knowledge about the oceans and capacity for their utilization and protection are constantly increasing.
The exchange of visits at the ministerial level has already led to greater communication and cooperation but much more remains to be done.
Automatic Number Plate Recognition
Antigua and Barbuda, along with many of our Caribbean Community (CARICOM) brothers and sisters, welcomes the paradigm shift that now characterizes engagement with agencies such as the International Monetary Fund.
Yeah, listen, um, I lied about that.
Fifty-fourth session
" Quickly he moved the conversation on to a more practical level, and within a moment we were back to a safe discussion on the weather.
Taoism has a wide - ranging influence on social life in Quanzhou.
However, on specific aspects of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action that related to the Middle East, her delegation had strong reservations that had been spelled out at the time of the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, in 2001.
The Council requested the Secretary-General to develop, in liaison with relevant international actors and the concerned parties, proposals to implement the relevant provisions of the Taif Accords and Council resolutions 1559 (2004) and 1680 (2006), including with respect to disarmament and the delineation of the international borders of Lebanon; and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Council on a regular basis on the implementation of resolution 1701 (2006).
Briefing by the members of the Committee for Development Policy
The meeting rose at 12.50 p.m.
All the members, except Mr. Francesco Paolo Fulci, Mrs. Marilia Sardenberg and Mr. Ghassan Salim Rabah, participated in the working group.
- links between criminal activity (in particular, drug trafficking) and terrorism;
7. Requests the Secretary-General to make provisions for the sessions of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and its subsidiary bodies in his proposal for the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007;
My delegation attaches particular importance to the sessions and reports of the Subcommittees.
However, the rate of men employees holding a Ph.D. degree is higher than women.
She is carrying a handbag over her arm.
It noted that the measures taken by the authorities in various areas showed the determination of Djibouti to overcome the constraints faced and to attain its objectives in the area of human rights.
position   work hard and eager to learn  valuable   pay attention to, think highly of  V2 Official Jiang Uses Up His TalentJiang Yan lived during the Liang dynasty of the Northern and Southern Dynasties Period, in the area now known as Henan province
(d) Election of officers other than the Presidency
We've been trying to nail him down to a precise agreement.
A. International human rights obligations in the right-to-adequate housing debate
I. Within the framework of joint Arab action to combat terrorism in the Arab world
First, I would like to stress that it is part of our constitutional order that the power of interpreting the Basic Law is vested in the NPCSC.
Based on the work programme, the activities on technology information systems will begin at SBSTA 17 with the outreach programme on TT:CLEAR and the client survey and assessment of the effectiveness of the technology information systems, and will end at SBSTA 19 with recommendations on how to further improve the technology information systems.
Individual work programmes for each Territory may provide the ideal agreed platform for the parties to work out their mutual path to complete decolonization.
Mr. Rahman (Bangladesh) acknowledged that the United Nations had sometimes failed to deliver in previous development projects.
500 funding authorizations and 26 staffing table authorizations for peacekeeping operations, UNSOA, UNLB, Headquarters departments and offices, and peacekeeping trust funds on an ongoing basis
In steady skies the slender Moon is still sliding toward Venus, the bright planet's compact crescent just clearing the mountainous horizon.
Together with spending by states and cities, the public sector will pay for nearly half of America's health care.
Early in March, the World Bank agreed to provide an emergency grant of $100 million to the Government to cover immediate costs associated with the delivery of basic social services.
Chongwen District
COP 10 and SBI 21/SBSTA 21, Buenos Aires
UN-HABITAT
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace.
The State guarantees the right of all citizens to submit a request, petition or complaint to all institutions for the protection of human rights.
No, we'll figure something else out.'' 'we need you there. please, riley.'' I'm just kidding. go.
88. The demands on United Nations peacekeeping to assist countries emerging from conflict to achieve lasting peace were unprecedented.
"She feels it in the air--love, I mean--and she's going very fast.
The Board convened its fortieth executive session in December 2006 and its forty-first and forty-second executive sessions in April and July 2007.
Let me take your measurements.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights has established that everyone should possess a degree of security of tenure which guarantees legal protection against forced eviction, harassment and other threats.
She noted with delight that the University of Hong Kong had been actively exploring opportunities for its students to gain international exposure through exchange and internship programmes.
A further 4,500 cases (of more than 11,000 persons) were to be submitted or re-submitted in 1997 by UNHCR for resettlement.
A. Mandate
In recommending acceptance of an offer to host, the SBI may also request the secretariat to start planning for COP 6 with the designated host country and to draw up the necessary host country agreement, pending confirmation by COP 5.
Migrant women were subjected to numerous violations of their human rights including, but not limited to: violations of their right to security of the person and mobility through, for example, confiscation of their passports; violations of their political and labour rights through exclusion from the political process, limitations on their rights to free association and to linguistically, culturally and gender-sensitive information or counsel when arrested or detained, and cultural bias in the assessment of testimonies of victims in rape and harassment cases; violations of their economic rights including the right to receive equal pay for equal work, an agreed legal wage, social benefits and housing facilities; ghettoization in unskilled occupational categories, debt bondage and contract substitution; violations of their social and cultural rights including lack of facilities and time for the enjoyment of cultural and social life, denial of the right to enter into intercultural relationships and denial of admission of their children to schools; violations of their right to health by obligatory pregnancy and AIDS tests and lack of medical allowances.
First, it could expertise, which is sorely needed for the conception and implementation of NEPAD's programmes.
The possible prosecution of children, and young adults who were children at the time of the crime, brought the issues of culpability, justice and impunity, and of individual and social healing, into focus for the national and international community and compelled an important debate.
He found an untenable reason for why he was absent.
may be considered for tropical fish aquariums near heating films to reduce winter heating electricity, but not close to his.
Speechless, she smiled radiantly and gathered her son into her arms. A Boy with a Mission
The most recent data on the literacy rate of the Surinamese population are data published in the household survey 1993-1997 of the General Bureau of Statistics.
In addition, the Bureau has decided to increase the length of our fourth session to six days to allow more time for negotiations, with the expectation that this will allow for the resolution of more issues and facilitate our reaching our goal of completing the negotiations prior to the twenty-seventh session of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme, in 2013.
United Nations d
The United Kingdom fully supports ongoing negotiations on an arms trade treaty and looks forward to further progress at the July Preparatory Committee and at the conference next year.
8. How will the defence team for the two suspects ascertain the suitability of the persons proposed as prospective members of the jury that may decide the facts without prejudgement and uninfluenced by the images imprinted on their minds?
The world today is constantly changing, and this requires dynamic changes in the structure, decision-making and working methods of the United Nations so it can cope with new world realities and meet its obligations.
The Committee transmitted a letter of response to the Egyptian authorities on 1 June 2001.
At its forty-fourth session in 2011, the Commission finalized and adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency: The Judicial Perspective.
The chief duty of these early emperors was to perform the seasonal sacrifices.
4. In response to questions, the representative of the Secretary-General explained to the Committee that the reorganization of his department was motivated by four main concerns:
Furthermore, the use of contingency funds should be approved transparently by a governing body, such as a steering committee, and not by the project.
Transport in Kenya
"14. Decides to include the item entitled `Economic and social repercussions of the Israeli occupation on the living conditions of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan' in the agenda of its substantive session of 2007."
The term of office of the President of the Supreme People鈥檚 Court is the same as that of the National People鈥檚 Congress锛?he shall serve no more than two consecutive terms.
If you turn and walk away, Your forever friend follows, If you lose you way, Your forever friend guides you and cheers you on.
His magnificent horse outlooked all the others in the race.
Our school is based on a nationwide Handan vocational school full - time students.
It commended the absence of poverty, long life expectancy and low figures of crime and unemployment in the country.
16. Also decides to consider at its sixty-first session the question of the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
The new trade opportunities enriched the Italian city - states and helped fuel the Renaissance.
Nobody can come to fetch you off the island until the storm clears.
I quite enjoy the   idea.
In addition to responding to the invitation to international observers to monitor all stages of the elections, the international community should react positively to any other requests for technical assistance or expertise at any stage of the electoral and transitional processes.
Well, no, maybe I didn't insist hard enough.
1. Follow-up of previous recommendations of the Board
Welcoming the activities of the Regional Centre in the promotion of disarmament and non-proliferation education in the Asia-Pacific region, as recommended in the United Nations study on disarmament and non-proliferation education,
From the supplementary and additional information received upon request, the Committee notes that no additional posts, either local or international, were provided to the Subregional Centre.
Remember how she said that we would meet again some sunny day Vera
But if they feel marriagebroken, they would divorce without hesitation.
I Sayid...that guy you tortured...he You were on the plane.
Phosphorus is essential to plant growth.
Article 72 The sources of social insurance funds shall be determined according to the categories of insurance, and an overall pooling of insurance funds from the society shall be introduced step by step.
21. The second, which was adopted as resolution 57/58, on non-strategic weapons, called upon the United States and the Russian Federation to formalize their presidential nuclear initiatives into legal instruments and to initiate negotiations on further effectively verifiable reductions of their non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Bill Pope: Their clothing is a little more humane and cloth-like and their makeup is more natural, their hair is more natural, theyre less styled.
65. The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) and UNIS Bangkok have been contacted about a series of meetings on the Summit being held by ESCAP and materials have been sent to them for use in relation to those meetings.
 As a follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development, the Government of Kenya, in collaboration with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, has prepared a comprehensive economic policy framework paper which outlines the development strategy and key plans to be implemented over the next three years.
 In our view, it had all the manifestations of a material breach of the main Security Council resolutions on this subject - in particular, resolutions 687 (1991) and 833 (1993).
He pointed out that the Organization's security policy often led it to evacuate its expatriate staff from certain duty stations, leaving it with no alternative but to rely on local staff to carry out tasks which were frequently complicated and dangerous.
This attack-the first on U.S. soil since Pearl Harbor-would throw the country into turmoil.
general - the regulations provide for the granting of a Community general export authorization, whereby, no export licences would be required for the export of the less sensitive dual-use items to certain EU trading partners (namely, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and United States of America).
I would like to ask you a question.
FAO holds regular gender training sessions in different countries.
There must be something wrong with people who riot in cruelty to animals.
To realize the self-reconfiguration of knowledgeable manufacturing systems, enabling tools for the self-reconfiguration of knowledgeable manufacturing systems were developed and applied.
Work on the drafting of a new electoral law shall commence immediately after the election of the President of the Republic and formation of a government;
Country: Italy
Trinidad and Tobago
 The Advisory Committee points out that it will be necessary to clarify the status of deferred or postponed activities vis--vis future bienniums, since these terms imply that provision will have to be made for the affected activities in the future.
It's not hard at all!C: I understand
In order to meet humanitarian needs more equitably, it is essential to consider a shift towards a more needs-based and vulnerability-led response.
His theory about how life on Earth began hold water.
The temperature and in - plane field , the two important factors, will affect the vertical - Bloch - lines in hard domains.
11. The Committee also elected the other members of the Bureau:
3. Encourages the States concerned to disseminate, implement and monitor implementation of the recommendations of such non-judicial mechanisms as truth and reconciliation commissions, and to provide information regarding compliance with the decisions of judicial mechanisms;
The SPT recommends that all prisoners, including those held in segregation, are provided with appropriate bedding with mattresses, which, if necessary, are made of special indestructible material suitable for use in prisons.
Annual sessions of the Investment, Enterprise and Development Commission
B. Traditional means of implementation
We all want to thank you.
(v) Technical material: updating and maintenance of the Internet home pages of the Economic and Social Council and the Office for Economic and Social Council Support and Coordination; development and production of Development Cooperation Forum newsletters and other outreach materials; development and updating of the annual ministerial review national voluntary presentation database; e-discussion on the theme of the annual ministerial review (2); webcast of the Economic and Social Council high-level segment and the special meeting on philanthropy (4); development and updating of the interactive database of civil society organizations for registration and accreditation to intergovernmental meetings, including the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies; maintenance of the integrated civil society organization database; maintenance and development of the paperless committee system to manage the official documentation of the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations;
Technical criteria must be used to determine financing mechanisms which supplemented ODA without replacing it.
833. The Committee notes with appreciation the efforts and initiatives taken to improve data collection on all children in the country. It is concerned, however, that data collection mechanisms remain fragmented and insufficient to ensure the systematic and comprehensive collection of disaggregated data on all areas covered by the Convention.
New paragraph 85 bis
(b) The organization has assumed the risk of that situation occurring.
Table 13
The Health Protection Agency (HPA) has announced it will carry out "systematic" research into how wireless networks are being used.
In addition, subregional and regional action programmes are intended to harmonize, complement and increase the efficiency of national programmes based on substantive scientific advice.
Nevertheless, a presumption was being made, and the conditions under which it could be rebutted sometimes remained unclear.
Sixty-fifth session
The Olympic Games shall be proclaimed open by the Head of State of the host country.
The Committee points out, however, that the General Assembly has not yet endorsed the proposed reclassification.
41. The concept of flexible working aligns closely with other transformative initiatives currently under way in the United Nations, foremost among them the efforts to create a more mobile workforce and the deployment of Umoja.
Borrowing costs eligible for capitalization
The captain looked in recognition, but there was no especial greeting.
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Epidemiology of psychiatric conditions
In Northern Ireland 57 per cent completed the Professional Qualification for Headship (PQH NI) and 51 per cent the Professional Qualification for Serving Heads (PQSH).
Please let us know when your manager will come Guangzgou.
-- No, sir.
Nancy will retire next year383.
This pompous kind of life style implies a vulgar taste, which however takes the body consciousness and Decadentism to the cutting edge of fashion.
2. Devise a procedure to initiate a "declaration" by the Security Council or the General Assembly.
However, the Petronas Twin Towers are not merely a tribute to Malaysias cultural and religious heritage. They are Malaysias challenge to the Asian financial hegemony3 of Hong Kong and Singapore
Total earmarked contributions from Governments
Here, we report the high-quality DNA sequence of 33. 3 megabases of chimpanzee chromosome 22.
Report of the Secretary-General on protection against trafficking in cultural property
Morero fears the concept vital for successful collective action is slipping away.
Ireland, Parnell said, could not spare a single one of her sons.
The President of the Tribunal responded to comments and questions posed by members of the Council.
(a) Trade and development;
Partially implemented.
Project cost recovery and income rates
 The presenta-tion will include Mr. James D. Wolfensohns presentation at the annual meetings of the World Bank (by video) and a brief discussion of the World Banks Annual Report for 1996.
47. Popular demonstrations demanding political change and social justice have swept across the region since December. The Occupied Palestinian Territory and Israel were not immune to the fallout of this movement.
Brexit voters are so optimistic because they were told (most prominently by current Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson) that Britain could “have our cake and eat it” – a new deal that would preserve all of the economic benefits of EU membership with none of the obligations or costs.
:: After-service health insurance: $114.6 million
Legislative framework
The challenges associated with nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation have, in fact, grown even more complex, and my delegation would like briefly to recall some of them.
It enquired about Ethiopia's intention to reviewing this legislation.
It is very useful to use a miniature reflex camera.
Mr. Roed-Larsen also ignored Israel's continued disgraceful violations of Lebanese sovereignty over its airspace, waters and national soil, contenting himself with timid, passing references to them.
If a water pollution accident is relatively serious, the persons who are responsible for the accident shall be given administrative sanctions by the unit to which they belong or by the competent department at a higher level.
Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health.
This should include specifying that the quantity of CERs issued on the basis of the existing CDM activities (ie. approved prior to the establishment of a sectoral no-lose target) in a sector covered by a no-lose target shall be deducted from the quantity of credits to be generated by a sectoral crediting mechanism.
Related organization and individual illegal search university student housing and so on.
Source: OHR database
Madame hands Myra  a paper tablet, Myra turns, goes to dressing table, and sits down.
Implementation of the resolutions and decisions adopted by the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime
Density (per sq.km.) Kachin
No other mom could be a mother like you are.
 A commitment to the goals of peace and security is meaningless without a commitment to fostering sustained economic growth and sustainable development, and to waging war on poverty and human misery.
28. The Government ratified the Convention, making it law, with the commitment that the 30 articles would be complied with by all spheres of Belizean society.
FIFTH COMMITTEE 24th meeting
Part II - Annex II
They shouted, "Come in," and she went into the room and sat down on the bench by the stove to warm herself and eat her breakfast.
Others, given their size and staffing, do not, and these activities are performed by the head of the internal oversight entity.
Methodology of investigations 43
13. The Committee recommends, in the light of article 6, paragraph 2, of the Optional Protocol, that the State party ensure that the principles and provisions of the Optional Protocol are widely disseminated to the general public and among both Israeli and Palestinian children.
(d) To condemn violence against women and not invoke custom, tradition or practices in the name of religion or culture to avoid their obligations to eliminate such violence;
Alexander (reads the words on the stone): One generation passes away and another commith, but the earth abbidith forever.
It was suggested that such computers be designed at once.
Would be in line with the needs expressed by the countries through NCSAs and NAPs.
I have read one of his novels as well as a few of his plays.
Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions: Mr. Mselle
In its concluding observations, the Committee offered no comment on this matter.
326. After the adoption of the draft decision, statements were made by the representatives of Bangladesh, India, the United States, China, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Morocco, France and Australia, as well as by the observer for the Plurinational State of Bolivia.
 On several occasions during the meetings of various bodies, the delegation of the Russian Federation had expressed its views on the need for strengthening cooperation within the United Nations system, including cooperation between the Commission on Sustainable Development and the High-Level Advisory Board on Sustainable Development.
People say that when you misplace an object in your home, instead of tearing the place apart looking for it, you should just be patient, and the object you are looking for will eventually turn up.
Introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat outlined the process followed to review the draft decision guidance document on parathion and noted that the interim Chemical Review Committee had recommended that the Committee should decide to include parathion in the voluntary PIC procedure and approve the related decision guidance document.
However, the benefits of such liberalization, both in terms of the trade interests of the exporter and the objectives of the importing country related to environmental protection and building domestic capacity, may not be realized if certain preconditions are not satisfied.
26. The Assistant Secretary-General for Peacebuilding Support and Head of the Peacebuilding Support Office, Judy Cheng-Hopkins, led a mission to Burundi from 11 to 15 August to discuss, with national authorities, BINUB and other relevant stakeholders, opportunities for support during the post-electoral period.
When it had become apparent that Member States wished to discuss the issue, it had been decided that the best course would be to place it under agenda item 12, rather than to amend the provisional agenda at the eleventh hour.
Monica Patricia Chuji Gualinga (f)
8. Expresses its appreciation to the United Nations Institute for Training and Research for its participation in the Programme through the activities described in the report of the Secretary-General;
The newly developed rural villagers' self-government information system calls for segregated data collection on the participation of rural women in elections, to better monitor the dynamics of women's participation.
ll get you some water
UNU Headquarters Building
Notably, the proportion of female students qualified in the entrance exam into the Institute for International Relations has been on the rise.
We had nearly eleven thousand here Tuesday night, which is fabulous.
Consideration of pastoralism and the sustainable use of rangelands should therefore be kept under review by the COP and its subsidiary bodies.
If these three conditions are met, the situation of the Mbororo communities in terms of the rights to education, health and food will improve.
He came to the photo studio with his newly married wife.
(a) The development and implementation of national strategic plans that apply context-relevant and up-to-date survey and land release methods;
34. The Centre has also provided assistance to States in institutionalizing a permanent combined command post, responsible for the coordination and execution of the training the trainers courses.
The report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences shows that sometimes the police themselves perpetrate violence against women (E/CN.4/2005/72/Add.1).
By golly you know what it is?
The adopted annex or amendment to an annex shall be communicated by the secretariat to the Depositary, who shall circulate it to all Parties for their acceptance.
Following the first round, MINUSTAH, the Provisional Electoral Council, international and national observation missions as well as political parties reviewed the events that had taken place on election day with a view to identifying measures to improve the second round.
Verification and registration of returnees.
Ensures new technology &amp; equipment are embraced, improving productivity whilst taking work out of the system.
BADEN, Graurheindorfer Str. 1, 53111 Bonn
It was regrettable that a representative of the United Kingdom had not attended the current meeting.
The stylish nightfall boots is made by double faced merino sheepskin with suede toe and heel guards.
13. Commends the important role the Special Rapporteur has played towards the elimination of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, and encourages the Special Rapporteur to continue, within the framework of his mandate, to collect information from all concerned, to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before him, to follow up on communications and country visits and to seek the views and comments of Governments and to reflect them, as appropriate, in the elaboration of his reports;
I also travelled to South Sudan to personally impress upon the Government and Riek Machar the consequences of their actions.
Madagascar
31. In order to protect girls from violence, legislative initiatives were undertaken and attention to girls incorporated into national action plans, policies and programmes on gender-based violence.
Our delegations are committed and supportive of this ongoing process.
Strinava Glacier
It has initiated the process to regulate its membership in the Wassenaar Arrangement, and started the national procedure to regulate its status within the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Without opening her eyes she rolled over and settled herself into a more comfortable position.
A liability is reported for any entitlement that has not been settled at the reporting date and represents the amount paid or expected to be paid to settle the liability.
The agenda was adopted without objection.
Also because of the simplicity cellular mapping , this arithmatica shows its advantage in realtime application.
Any additional or incremental associated costs will therefore be included in the detailed proposal.
53. Important international efforts are under way to reform the international financial architecture.
European Community
The demonstrators demanded the "bonuses promised" in return for their support of the rebellion that had led to the overthrow of the regime on 15 March 2003.
In so doing, humanity shall leave a state of separation behind and enter the kingdom of heaven upon earth.
Deng  Wenkui  is Director of Social Development Research Office of the State Council.
at United Nations Headquarters, New York (Trusteeship Council Chamber)
B. Bureau
With respect to the concept of responsibility to protect, we know that it needs to be clearly formulated with an exhaustive list of criteria and conditions for implementation.
15. Decides that the decrease of 96,600 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2012 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 18,792,300 dollars referred to in paragraphs 13 and 14 above;
An empty hammock hangs between two lovely trees.
42. Furthermore, the Statute of Racial Equality had been adopted recently to ensure equal opportunities for the Afro-Brazilian population.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls.
He trusted that the delay in the report's issuance was due to the need for more time to prepare a credible analysis, rather than attempts to hinder its completion.
Furthermore, the secession of South Sudan caused a loss of 20 per cent of GDP and 90 per cent of export revenue.
Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review
It couldn't be a fire, because there was no smoke, and nothing was burning.
Want to check out the whole kit?
This virus is a mutation of AV terminator.
Never strike sail to a threat.
First of all, I wish to express my deep gratitude to my predecessors, Ambassador Diallo of Senegal, Ambassador Berdennikov of the Russian Federation, Mr. Grecu from Romania and Ambassador Sun of the Republic of Korea, for all the efforts they made to bring about the agenda and the programme of work for this year's session.
The Commission may also wish to discuss the organization of the workshop on community involvement in crime prevention that is to be held within the framework of the Tenth Congress.
The government has ordered banks to keep new loans this year at the same level as last year and, with inflation still at decade-high levels, Beijing is expected to continue tightening monetary policy, leading to lower interest income at the banks.
It explains and reinforces the standards of conduct that we are all expected to adhere to under the UN Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules.
No in-house capacity
3.3 Disciplinary cases are processed by the Joint Disciplinary Committee within 6 months (2005: 9 months)
Portugal
(Resumed first part)
At both the bilateral and regional levels, the Philippines took the lead in addressing the concerns of women.
Zhao Zuo
The European Parliament voted to include tourism in the EU programme and called for a Tourism Agency to work alongside the European Environmental Agency.
Aivazovsky National Art Gallery
That is a clear reflection of the fact that, under your guidance, Mr. President, the Working Group did not choose to engage in business as usual but rather opted for a novel approach in order to lead the discussion out of what in the past had been widely considered a stalemate.
This paper mainly discusses the elementary qualities that P. E. teachers should have in the practice of carrying out quality education.
It shouldn't take a natural disaster to teach us that the American people don't care much if you have an "R" or a "D" after your name.
While many developing economies are already developing and implementing national mitigation strategies, such efforts can be significantly expanded if appropriate incentives are provided.
Naval transportation
Consultations must be held under United Nations auspices and according to a defined agenda;
The data indicate that, in Portugal, most victims of trafficking for sexual exploitation are Brazilian, followed by women from Eastern Europe (especially Romania) and Africa, with the numbers of Nigerian women increasing.
The torch relay6, in which the Olympic Flame symbolizes the transmission of Olympic ideals from ancient Greece to the modern world, was introduced as part of the opening ceremony at the 1936 Summer Games in Berlin.
(c) Two professors of the Institute hosted, with the Latin American Institute for the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, a course on criminal justice system reforms in Latin America, in which six countries were represented.
http://unyearbook.un.org
Y: You fidget? What does fidgeting have to do with weight? D: Maybe a lot!
Balance at 1 January 2007
8. Lastly, in the context of its activities, the National Council of Geographical Information has established a working group to assess the legal aspects of space activities in Algeria.
Should payments be received when the issue of application of Article 19 is involved (scenario 3), combined cash at year-end would be higher than any recent year-end amount.
4 p.m.
Two central issues were the reconciliation of family and working life and labour market structures.
13. In other sectors, however, there are greater regional disparities.
Ch Technical Offr/Sewage Treatment 2/1/2
Non-discrimination
63. The Executive Board reviewed a total of six draft country programmes from three regions: Africa region -- Angola, Comoros and Kenya; Arab States region -- Kuwait and Tunisia; and Latin America and the Caribbean region -- Bolivian Republic of Venezuela.
The Team believes that, even where an entity has no legal existence, such as Al-Qaida itself, and therefore is immune to sanctions, a listing has merit as a way of bringing attention to its activities and associations.
Efficacy of Colchicine Combined with Low Dosage Prednisone in Treatment of Prurigo Nodularis
Here we also note that several nuclear-weapon States have, unfortunately, been speaking openly and irresponsibly over the years of the possibility of using such weapons.
35. The road network of the Cayman Islands comprises approximately 225 kms of roadways, of which approximately 145 are primary and secondary roads with hot-mixed asphalt surface, and approximately 80 are local and other minor streets with oilspray-and-chip surface.
Figure 2. Number of AIJ projects by sector Reporting on national AIJ programmes
UNITED NATIONS
The rolling and moaning of the North Sea could be heard for miles inland when the wind was blowing, and then it sounded like the rushing of a thousand waggons over a hard road with a mine underneath.
At present she had a retired chocolate seller in tow, a serious soul.
Then there is a ceremony to which the whole town is invited.
For an instant, for two or three perhaps, this bit of wall was a shelter, but how was he to escape from this massacre?
Murder of Huang Na
Yunbo: Oh, this office is beautiful. It's so spacious.
A number of decisions have involved claims that the parties had derogated from article 39 (2) by agreement.
The teacher failed no students this term .
Tuen Mun New Town Area 28 - Layout Plan
17. The Chairman drew attention to draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.12, the general draft resolution on agenda item 146 proposed by the Chairman of the Working Group on the United Nations Decade of International Law. If there was no objection, he would take it that the Committee wished to adopt the draft resolution without a vote.
The industry was considered among the world's leading sector for the creation of jobs requiring varying degrees of skills, particularly for youth, women and migrant workers.
(d) Evidence of review by an authorized official.
Accreditation of NGOs not in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council for the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the sessions of its Preparatory Committee: note by the secretariat
Following consultations, it had agreed to have that proposal considered in the context of draft article 16 bis.
Courts in many countries have developed very detailed jurisprudence on a number of the key issues and built a large body of cases from which to draw principles and rules of interpretation. The situation is not even, however, and there are many other countries where the law in this area is still fairly rudimentary.
30. Commemoration of World Environment Day: population, consumption and resources (3 June)
The Chinese government attaches great importance to these problems, and is taking measures to solve them.
As promised, here I come. She appeared in front of him and scolded him and nagged him, saying that he had broken his promise; that he did not love her; that he was not sincere; that he was a bad husband; that he had no conscience; that he was a lousy man; that he was a terrible human being..
University of Wisconsin-Madison, The School of Journalism and Mass Communications
At its sixty-seventh session, the General Assembly urged all States that had not yet done so to become parties to the Convention against Torture and to give early consideration to signing and ratifying the Optional Protocol thereto as a matter of priority; invited the Chairs of the Committee against Torture and the Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment to present oral reports on the work of the committees and to engage in an interactive dialogue with the Assembly at its sixty-eighth session; requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Human Rights Council and to the Assembly at its sixty-eighth session a report on the operations of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture and the Special Fund established by the Optional Protocol; and decided to consider at its sixty-eighth session the report of the Secretary-General, the report of the Committee and the interim report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment (resolution 67/161).
These gaps focus on the following main points: the relatively narrow scope of the policy as covering only armed private security companies hired directly by United Nations entities as opposed to unarmed services; shortcomings in the "last resort" criteria for using private military and security companies; the lack of internal screening and vetting procedures; the fragmented decision-making process; and the lack of human rights due diligence and accountability mechanisms.
Proposed the addition of "women's human rights" after "gender equality".
The overall objective for the Decade of Action for Road Safety in Asia and the Pacific is a 50 per cent reduction in fatalities and serious injuries on the region's roads from 2011 to 2020.
Chemists by nationality
So far, 82 of the brigades have been instituted and have managed to protect 12,500 children in 220 rural communities, many of them indigenous.
These rates could be achieved through resource retention and re-investment of savings and by taking advantage of the fact that the growth in the economically active population will in the future exceed that of the economically dependent population by a greater amount than in any other region.
25. There is evidence of an increase in intense tropical cyclone activity in the North Atlantic since about 1970, with more limited evidence of increases elsewhere.
DPI/1937/B
The key insight of those reports is that a prolonged cyclical downturn in the company's memory-chip business has finally reached bottom and is starting to turn up
 191. The representatives of the Regional Bureaux commented that a serious attempt had been made to focus programmes on the areas of focus identified by the Governing Council and to limit the length of the programme documents.
In support of its claim for payment or relief to others, National Projects provided a document which appears to be an internally-generated list of 45 employees.
Border Management Unit
Combles
New strategies
Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget
If you buy the certificates, you will force energy companies and others to emit exactly 1,350 tons less this year.
The results are of value in the development and utilization of local manganese resources.
It was further said that the revision of the provisions relating to the costs of arbitration, and in particular the fixing of the fees by the arbitrators without any control thereof, was one of the main reasons for undertaking a revision of the Rules.
'Monsieur,' I said, 'my brother was assassinated yesterday in the streets of Nmes, I know not by whom, but it is your duty to find out.
This jurisdiction is qualified, however, by the following phrase in paragraph 16 of that resolution:
Nuclear strategies
The city government has also organised closer co-operation between commercial banks in the delta region which accounted for Rmb4,670bn ($679bn, 鈧?35bn, 锟?50bn), or 19 per cent, of national GDP last year.
WG.IV, 44th session (Vienna, 11-22 October 2004) A/CN.9/571, paras. 28-46
184. Although the number of people who have contracted AIDS remains small in Japan, the number is steadily increasing.
The information represents an initial step in understanding the current status of support for observational networks and is suggestive of broad areas needing improvements.
We study the multiband left-handed properties under the electromagnetic wave normal incidence with two polarizations and analyze the mechanism of the multiband negative refraction.
The alternation of alliances and counter-alliances in Afghanistan, which was described a few minutes ago as a "kaleidoscope" (supra, p. 95), confirms that this conflict cannot be resolved through weapons but only through a political settlement based on an equitable understanding that respects the interests of all.
FCCC/SBI/2003/INF.19
The Human Rights Component of UNIPSIL also supported the Government in the process of establishing a National Commission for Persons with Disabilities in 2012 and provided support in operationalizing the Commission, including by assisting in the development of its three-year strategic plan and through training and workshops.
The representative of Tunisia made oral corrections to the French and Arabic texts of draft resolution A/C.2/65/L.64.
United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law: Appeal
Because of the high cost and low efficiency, the traditional quality inspection method already could not satisfy the modern manufacturing industry's demand.
Slovenia
) You have to believe in yourself . Thats the secret of success
16. As requested by the Statistical Commission at its forty-fifth session, the technical committee of the SEEA Central Framework was established in March 2014 under the auspices of the Committee of Experts with the terms of reference provided in a background document related to the present report.
Are you sure we're going to get through this the way we planned?
1. Mr. Armitage (Australia), introducing draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.9 on the support account for peacekeeping operations, observed that it represented the Committee’s final decision on the support account for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 and reaffirmed General Assembly resolutions 52/234 and 52/248.
Translation may be provided at the request of the parties concerned, and the expenses shall be borne by them.
Some organizations, like Human Rights Watch, solve the problem by refusing to accept any government funding.
She died of lung cancer in forties
The nuclear testing in South Asia in 1974, followed by further nuclear explosions on 11 and 13 May 1998, disrupted the strategic balance in the region.
11. Draws the attention of the administering Power to the statement made and the information provided in March 1993 to the Subcommittee on Small Territories, Petitions, Information and Assistance by an elected member of the Territory's Legislative Council on the political, economic and social situation in the Territory;
A large number of people responded to this action and took the tests with positive results.
The resulting lCERs at the year of verification tv are calculated as follows:
Working paper submitted by Iraq on behalf of the States members of the League of Arab States
C. Targeting audiences
The current content in general and special study subjects envisages the elimination of the concept of male and female stereotypes.
Five United Nations agencies have linked their own global campaigns with the World Urban Campaign.
General information Chairs of the regional groups
Y6 Wastes from the production, formulation and use of organic solvents
The details of almost all business transactions in America are written down on receipts, which are then signed by customers to avoid communication errors
Based on the techniques of image processing and pattern recognition,a new method for detecting the number of staples of different types of surgical staplers is proposed.
A. Conclusions
The next instant, back it all rushed again, with still a deeper throb of pain; for, in that brief interval, she had sinned anew
You are unsure about what to do.
III. Context
It is our purpose -- and our duty -- to help save lives.
But relaxing the HIPC criteria could have a devaluing effect on the initiative itself and should therefore be avoided. The HIPC initiative was flexible enough to provide additional assistance to countries experiencing exceptional exogenous shocks.
Repatriation
12. Mr. Starčević (Serbia) said that his country had stepped up bilateral, subregional, regional and international cooperation regarding border and customs control in order to prevent and suppress terrorism effectively.
Fig canker is a bacterium which enters the trunk at damaged zones, causing necrosis and girdling and loss of branches.
reintegration
What's go on in the lab?
But if it be the Black Man, wilt thou not let me stay a moment, and look at him, with his big book under his arm
They can learn cooking skills, which are always in great demand.
For as infection spreadeth upon that which is sound, and tainteth it; so when envy is gotten once into a state, it traduceth even the best actions thereof, and turneth them into an ill odor. And therefore there is little won, by intermingling of plausible actions
The risk assessment methodology developed in 2006, and currently being implemented, is a major initiative to attune the Office's oversight assignments to the areas of highest risk to the Organization.
This dissertation aims to discuss the problem to improve administration efficiency in university administration.
They are diverse: Botswana, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Malta, Oman, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand.
Various other studies on individual Articles under those volumes, as well as under volumes IV and VI, Supplements Nos. 8 and 9, were currently in preparation or under review.
It is a partnership.
This is a kind of material found in all plants and animals on earth.
He noted that currently the SCO was attaching special importance to economic cooperation.
8. Approximately 30 participants, representing Governments, research institutes and NGOs, attended the conference.
The representative of the Netherlands introduced the draft resolution, on behalf of the sponsors listed, as well as New Zealand, Peru, Switzerland and Turkey.
Cambodia
'Look under your pillows Christmas morning, and you will find your guidebook, ' replied Mrs. March.
28. For those granted permits, access is possible through a limited number of designated gates.
Singil station
Members of the Committee also said that the lack of information about the ethnic composition of Zambian society, along with many gaps in the report, which had not been prepared in accordance with the Committee's general guidelines for the preparation of reports, made the Committee's task more difficult.
State ministers
Mr. Krugman applied his insights on trade and economies of scale to regional economics, considering how firms face tradeoffs between concentrating in specific locations and high transport costs.
Because of who I was officially in!
E U R O S Members of the PBC without voting rights: Argentina and Côte d'Ivoire.
Using a used metal detector found at on ebay, one can remove the metal sensor and replace it with a combustible gas sensor.
Many years production practice indicated that mineral resource could be used comprehensively according to ore properties.
Manufacturing goods are much too expensive! Click on the icon to trade.
The Base commented that the delays indicated above pertained mostly to cargo consolidation shipments, which had an extended shipping lead time but were the most cost-effective for the Organization.
Work is being supported in some 25 countries.
4. Takes note of the decision on the UNFPA strategic plan, 2014-2017, adopted at its second regular session 2013 and the budget-relevant provisions therein;
25. Urges the Office of the High Commissioner to further develop, in close cooperation with other relevant United Nations funds and programmes, its assistance programmes in the area of the promotion and consolidation of democracy and the rule of law, and to include more training for members of the executive, legislative and judicial bodies of interested Member States;
With the help of a magical golden staff, they ward off the nymphs that try to seduce them, then hide when Rinaldo and Armida appear.
Articles 24 and 25 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (ratified by Peru in 1990) calls upon states parties to take all appropriate measures in this respect.
1. Stresses the importance of the work of subprogramme 1 and highlights its relevance in promoting economic policies and strategies for the sustainable and beneficial integration of developing countries into the interdependent global economy;
I have got through a lot of correspondence today.
64. Progress with regard to standards implementation is very mixed.
West African Women's Association, Liberia Chapter
Also, infrared cooling of a cloud-free, humid air mass at night can lead to fog formation - this is called radiation fog .
The Board found an absence of explicit comparative analyses against "do-minimum" or "no-change" base options.
Portugal plans to establish an MPA around hydrothermal vents in the Azores, and the United States plans to establish conservation areas and MPAs around sensitive fish habitats and cold water coral and other vulnerable marine ecosystems, with restrictions on fishing activities and the use of gear.
Another important feature of global economic trends is the growth of trade in services in general, for which the movement of persons is an inherent mode of supply.
User interface customizations make it easy to copy headers from other messages and reorganize header order.
The moon is full.
The establishment of Philip V. in Spain cost France two milliards.
(b) To facilitate access for legal aid providers assigned to provide assistance to detained persons in police stations and other places of detention for the purpose of providing that assistance;
Anthems of the Soviet Republics
Some have even defined genius to be only common sense intensified.
Any changes to the budget presentation should be submitted for the prior consideration and approval of the General Assembly.
35. Since debt repayment drains valuable resources from the rehabilitation and construction of essential development infrastructure and programmes designed to address the crippling issues of poverty and inequality, the Working Group proposes to the General Assembly that it call upon the international community to work towards the cancellation, on a once and for all basis, where appropriate, of the debt of the least developed African countries, including those emerging from conflicts.
If you live in a cold climate, you must think about warmth.
Working paper prepared by the Secretariat
He would be interested to know whether the Secretary-General had taken or planned to take any steps to rectify that situation.
Agenda item 26: Towards global partnerships (A/66/137, A/66/137/Corr.1, A/66/137/Add.1, A/66/320 and A/66/388)
9. World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the comprehensive implementation of and followup to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action 19
A decade ago in Asia, several governments facing financial crisis opted to intervene aggressively in their markets to stave off disaster.
While he took care of our son, I put my imaginary blinders on (so I don't get distracted) and focused on the task.
New post
There are often strikes demanding the resignation of administrative personnel in factories and companies (directors, managers, etc.).
This is an emergency.
I am really deeply interested in conveying to them my deep intention and they are enveloped in my ardour.
(vi) The Council of State shall also exercise its executive prerogative powers to appoint qualified citizens in all other subordinate presidential appointed posts in government as may be provided by law in consultation with the parties.
The dentist drew out the bad tooth from the patient's mouth.
Options available to limit acid mine drainage include prevention of direct contact of water with surface waste rock, through sealing with impermeable soil (clay) or plastic covers.
A pen tablet consists of a flat tabletop pad that uses touch or electromagnetic resonance technology and is activated with a hand-held pen pointer.
The frailness of the child from the birth made her susceptible to every prevailing illness.
Drawing on the subject matters listed in the introduction, the deliberations from the first six chairmanships of the Forum can be illustrated by the examples of issues summarized below.
3 June 2013
The factory had accidentally released a quantity of toxic waste into the sea.
(i) If it is decided that it is up to the State to determine by its own standards what appropriate and necessary measures are, is the State nevertheless required to observe certain minimum standards and obligations?
(a) To attend all official meetings of the forum;
To kill him. It's like in a cowboy picture.
43. The Unit has benefited from the experience of the International Civil Service Commission in its field of competence and intends to develop this cooperation further, through more practical means.
Of that amount, about 93 per cent -- or 0.12 per cent of our gross national income -- went to LDCs, mainly our neighbours.
Green Turtles Face the End of Line in Hong Kong (31 May 2007)
Friends or families often ride together in mountains or along rivers during the weekends.
Well, either she was an unfortunately hairy child, Or -- betty bee is the terrifying beeman.
Some delegations said their major concern, in the framework of United Nations reform and its implications for UNCTAD, was to ensure that UNCTAD played a central role in the United Nations system on issues related to trade and development.
- Selected sectoral studies;
Such programmes are organized for participants from developing countries as well as from countries with economies in transition;
Iraq states that Iran has not provided sufficient evidence to demonstrate that oil pollution in Iranian waters as a consequence of the conflict affected Iranian fisheries resources.
Pregnant women are difficult.
 In the Nairobi Declaration of 24 March 1994, the Somali political-faction leaders expressed their support for the concept of voluntary disarmament.
Recalling its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Niger 27 April 1967 4 January 1969
Suicide bombers have struck repeatedly at military installations and personnel around the army’s headquarters in Rawalpindi.
The sporadic violence is not only a symptom of this economic malaise , but a contributing factor to it.
Korean society is also rapidly becoming multicultural, with a growing immigrant population.
Supplementing those moves with centralized management evaluation would heighten the effectiveness of management without impinging on appropriate on-the-spot monitoring of managers' activities or on staff members' rights.
At that session, the Commission agreed that secured credit law was an important subject and had been brought to the attention of the Commission at the right time, in particular in view of its close link with the work of the Commission on insolvency law.
Korea Freedom League
The Islamic Republic of Iran views most of the offences covered by the Convention, except those that are not criminalized under Iranian law, as extraditable and included in its existing extradition treaties.
And on this measure, China has plenty of room for expansion.
He went away without saying good-bye to any of us.
For more information, see How to: Control the Availability of a Variable.
79. Senegal noted the creation of a ministerial human rights department, the establishment of the National Human Rights Commission, and the efforts to combat impunity.
The meeting rose at 1.05 p.m.
It should be noted that it was more difficult to match the time slots requested by the ad hoc intergovernmental bodies with those that became available because of the lower number of cancelled meetings.
Zhang di sha and his GF just back from Hangzhou! OH YES!
Sections 201 - 215 , added in 1986, concern asbestos hazards in schools and in public and commercial buildings.
(a) Developing, manufacturing, or otherwise acquiring, possessing or having control over nuclear weapons;
176 Hing Fong Road, Kwai Chung
Following the usual consultations, I wish to inform the Security Council of my intention to appoint Ms. Ann Hercus (New Zealand) to the above-mentioned position, with effect from 1 July 1998.
An effective human rights protection mechanism has been established:
It鈥檚 that simple: the argument must end because another person may be in pain.
31. The text also requested the Office of the High Commissioner to submit a report to the Commission on Human Rights on the importance and application of the principle of equity at the international and national levels.
 However, lack of adequate resources could jeopardize their work in this area;
Granulated sugar
Currently, the CORE programme's Declaration has 34 signatories, including several United Nations bodies, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, the European Commission, representatives of a number of European countries, international non-governmental organizations, the four participating districts (Bragin, Chechersk, Slavgorod and Stolin) and three regional governments (Brest, Gomel and Mogilev).
They beat several participants, detained those who had photographed their intervention, including a journalist, and confiscated their equipment or deleted their photographs.
This was a 360-degree rating system, comprising ratings of supervisor, team members, peers and clients.
(d) Regional or international agreements to combat illicit arms trafficking.
Item 101 of the provisional agenda*
Better to move on than to find yourself still waiting for conditions to improve five years from now.
Talks were also initiated with small regional carriers to expand services to the Territory.
A total of 115 people in Indonesia have been infected with the virulent strain of bird flu, making it the worst affected country since the outbreak began in 2003.
Move paragraph 78 to follow paragraph 82, and renumber the paragraphs accordingly.
Prior to April 2004, he was the commander of the eastern division of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) and was responsible for recruiting children into LTTE ranks.
Despite these positive developments in both segments, there is still a differential between black and white domestic workers, which may point to a racial discrimination question.
In addition to liaising with OPPBA in this regard, the Field Budget and Finance Division works closely with peacekeeping operations in developing specific resourcing issues related to ongoing and transitioning operations, as well as field practices and procedures needed to ensure compliance with the United Nations Financial Regulations and Rules.
United Nations agencies considered their partnership with OIC counterparts to be important for development strategies and in the effort to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Despite the measures taken, it remained concerned about discrimination against and ill-treatment of Roma, given the high levels of illiteracy and poverty affecting Roma children, and urged Bulgaria to guarantee to the Roma minority the full and effective enjoyment of their rights.
My cross We forgot it. I'll get it.
Some panellists stressed the importance of the social media to facilitate communication and knowledge sharing between participants and stakeholders.
(b) Initiate implementation of 8 priority projects in accordance with the decisions taken at the Second Summit
:: Budget for the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008 (A/61/764 and Corr.1)
The Government Plenipotentiary for National Minorities had been established in 2012 to, inter alia, ensure adequate follow-up to recommendations made by regional human rights mechanisms on national minorities.
The test equipment consists of a DC load machine coupled to the test motor by a torque transducer mounted in a Cardenshaft.
Proposed language families
Therefore, the implementation of control measures is expected to reduce the risks from exposure of humans and the environment to Lindane.
Recalling that in resolution 1900 (2009) the Security Council underlined its intention to extend, by 30 June 2010, the terms of office of all trial judges at the International Tribunal based on the Tribunal's projected trial schedule and the terms of office of all appeals judges until 31 December 2012, or until the completion of the cases to which they are assigned if sooner, and requested the President of the International Tribunal to submit to the Council an updated trial and appeals schedule, including information on the judges whose extension of the terms of office or redeployment to the Appeals Chamber will be sought,
Now you will see unmistakable signs that the tide is about to turn in your favor.
Segment 3: Informal water markets: how can we make it work?
The Committee thus concluded its general consideration of the sub-item.
485. The question of the acceptance of a reservation that does not meet the criteria for permissibility has been discussed at length in the tenth report on reservations to treaties.
In the past, the Working Group clarified four cases on the basis of information provided by the Government.
Better than planned reduction in occupational injuries resulted from increased occupational health and safety audit/inspections conducted in Monrovia and the Sectors, as well as regular workplace health and safety monitoring visits in the warehouses and workshops in Monrovia; quarterly occupational health and safety council meetings, regular task force meetings, a fifth construction safety task force approved by the council members to focus on promotion health and safety in construction and prevention of work-related injuries/diseases in construction, as well as seven regional occupational health and safety committees initiated in the Sectors; and increased occupational health and safety awareness and trainings in the Mission.
In line with those recommendations, it is proposed that:
In response, a suggestion was made to grant the arbitral tribunal discretion, upon request from a party, to order the delay of publication of an arbitral award where other proceedings were pending in which that party was involved and which dealt with similar factual or legal issues, in order to avoid prejudicing the outcome of those other proceedings.
As you notice the patterns, does that change how easily you get pulled into their orbit?
In the context of national technology strategies, Governments should promote public-private partnerships, within and between countries, working with industry, research and development institutions and educational institutions, to promote the development and transfer of cleaner technology.
The critical concerns of developing and developed countries have been met.
(a) The revenue from the items specified in regulations 3.1 through 6.2;
3. Thematic evaluations will focus entirely on a single, cross-cutting theme or activity.
Written statements presented by the United Nations shall be distributed by the secretariat of the World Tourism Organization to the members of the above-mentioned bodies, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.
75th Academy Awards
The local economy is no longer dependent on coca, but is marketing an estimated volume of 3,500 tons of alternative products on both national and international markets.
After numerous close calls and nearly getting side-swiped by a jerk who blasted the horn as he blew passed Serena while she was making a left-hand turn, I gave up.
In addition, it has not been provided with premises and is, in general, under-resourced and underperforming.
Legislative Council Brief on Licence Fees for Television Programme Service Licences and Sound Broadcasting Licences
Video game spin-offs
I'm from London. I direct plays.
4. (a) When informing the parties of the arbitrators' fees and expenses that have been fixed pursuant to article 40, paragraphs 2 (a) and (b), the arbitral tribunal shall also explain the manner in which the corresponding amounts have been calculated;
The result was somewhat surprising.
(a) Directive 2011/36/EU, on preventing and combating trafficking in human beings and protecting its victims, which establishes minimum rules concerning the definition of criminal offences and sanctions in the area of trafficking in human beings. It also introduces common provisions, taking into account the gender perspective, to strengthen the prevention of this crime and the protection of victims;
The use of hydropower, wind, solar and geothermal sources and converting waste into energy are means by which we could reduce our energy reliance, lower trade deficits and generate employment.
The amounts spent by organizations belonging to the different federations are distributed as follows (figures in dollars).
Performance measures:
However, at the same time, the number of civilian casualties caused by ISAF during the reporting period decreased by 15 per cent compared with the previous period, while the number of civilian casualties caused by insurgents increased by 14 per cent.
Goal 4. Reduce child mortality
363. The national Government has strengthened the SENA public employment service (SPE) as a work placement mechanism in Colombia, improving job search guidance and support facilities and increasing recruitment through the use of tools which have facilitated contact between employers and job-seekers.
I'm still collating data but from what I can tell They were collectors of ancient beings of power.
He notes the low representation of women in the parliament (currently only 4.5 per cent) and calls for measures to be put in place immediately to fill this gap.
In a small establishment, the manager may take care of the bookkeeping himself.
On the third ballot, Mr. Francisco Rezek (Brazil) received the required absolute majority of votes in the Security Council.
JS1 indicated that by promoting a "one nation, one people" policy, the Government promotes cultural homogenization and discriminates against way of life of minorities.
She's a smart little thing, smart.
2003: implementation of the expanded programme of work on forest biological diversity, including priority actions; successes; challenges; and impediments
Since the international institutional framework for environmental protection was characterized by a very strong trend towards fragmentation, the effective participation of all countries, including the developing countries, was limited and seriously hampered.
Calling upon all armed groups in the Great Lakes Region of Africa, such as the Forces démocratiques de libération du Rwanda (FDLR), the Palipehutu -- Forces nationales de libération (FNL), the Lord's Resistance Army, to act without delay to lay down their arms, enter demobilization programmes and support efforts to consolidate peace under way in the region,
of cluster
The  albatrosses  try to eat the bait and get dragged down and drowned.
Maintenance of international peace and security: the role of the Security Council in humanitarian crises -- challenges, lessons learned and the way ahead.
187. On 13 June, it was reported that a German arrest warrant for a Palestinian responsible for the 1976 murder of 11 Israeli Olympic athletes had created an embarrassing dilemma for Israel.
38 kVA
"Gifted" - Radio Programme in Celebration of 10th Anniversary of HKSAR
Trim quotes
Its recommendations thereon will be transmitted to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session when it considers the strategic framework for the biennium 2010-2011 proposed by the Secretary-General.
An accused woman can be arrested or searched only by a woman (Section 52-CrPC).
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Council appointed Iskra Beleva (Bulgaria) for a term beginning on the date of appointment and expiring on 31 December 2006 to fill a vacancy arising from the demise of Eul Yong Park (Republic of Korea).
:: Reform the insurance sector so that it can respond effectively to the unique circumstances of small island developing States following natural disasters, including new ways of underwriting catastrophic risks, particularly those experienced in small island developing States
ISSN 0257-0998
It is no secret for many that tax reform in Guatemala meant problems and coups d'état.
UNLB carried out 100 per cent verification during the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009
 13. The percentages of unemployed by age and sex at the end of 1994 were as follows:
Never for a moment take it for granted that love would stay for ever.
No, don't worry. l've got the place eyeballed, wired for sound, the works.
Don't tell my mom, all right? please?
Inclusion of trichlorfon in Annex III to the Rotterdam Convention
Response to the issues raised in paragraph 27
2. Chapter III. Treatment of assets on commencement of insolvency proceedings
194. In addition, in 1997, I had proposed an independent review of the Commission itself.
As at 31 March 2009, there were 175 authorized insurers in Hong Kong, of which 110 were pure general insurers, 46 were pure long-term insurers and the remaining 19 were composite insurers.
The manager's quitting threw everyone into confusion.
The milestone is "not a matter of joy but a great worry, " health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad told The Times of India .
In the non-permanent seat category, we would like to see representation on the part of the African, Asian, Eastern European and Latin American and Caribbean States.
Evidence shows that in Pakistan, the availability of water sources closer to homes was directly associated with increased time allocated to market work.
Letter dated 30 December 2011 from the Chair of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004) addressed to the President of the Security Council
But most importantly I feel honour-bound to pass on the second half of my impressions of the 2005 vintage, which are not quite as enthusiastic as my report a couple of months ago on the generally fruitier wines of the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer and Nahe.
The matter is equally important when it comes to the need for asset recovery.
26. Furthermore, the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers encouraged Romania to ensure a human rights-based and people-centred approach to judicial reform and take into consideration aspects related to access to justice when taking decisions to close certain courts; and design and implement a plan for the transition period before the entry into force of the Code of Civil Procedure, the Criminal Code and the Code of Criminal Procedure so that legal professionals can better cope with the changes to be introduced.
CoE-ECRI was uneasy about some of the short term measures set out in the RAE strategy such as the legalisation of Roma neighbourhoods and reconstruction of residential areas with solid materials.
3. Change had brought women greater autonomy and increased participation in the workplace and in political and social life.
He was subsequently dragged 15 metres along the courtyard face down and up a flight of stairs leading to the police station.
As part of its interregional activities, the Centre convened a cooperation meeting between ECOWAS and the Common Market of the Southern Cone (MERCOSUR) in May.
As manyFrom this library you can borrow as many books as you want to read.17.
Among its principles, the treaty must include the shared responsibility of exporting, importing and transit countries.
NCRB - National Crime Records Bureau
Over the past 15 years, aside from routine maintenance work, repairs and critical renovations to the residence have focused on isolated projects undertaken on an ad hoc basis to remedy emergency situations.
Our little place will surely survive with that continuing support.
Upon accession to the EU in 1995, the Safeguards Agreement between EURATOM, the EU non-nuclear weapon States and the IAEA entered into force for Austria and the 1972 Safeguards Agreement was suspended.
Quality to survive in order to seek effective management so as to the credibility and development.
Althrough we have something unhappy before, but now I want to say that history is gone.
The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.
1. Effective oversight of the risks involved in the Fund's investment decisions
These small business institutions could provide streamlined access to: (a) assistance programmes that address the technical and managerial weakness of small and medium-size businesses; (b) financing programmes including loan guarantees, equipment and export finance; (c) coordination of linkages with multinational corporations; (d) basic information on market and export opportunities; and (e)"one-stop-shopping" for licensing, taxation and other regulatory matters.
The faithful practice of fasting contributes, moreover, to conferring unity to the whole person, body and soul, helping to avoid sin and grow in intimacy with the Lord.
The representative of Morocco reiterated the request to defer the application.
For she said, If I may touch but his clothes, I shall be whole.
I made some sausages yesterday, so carry the water in which I boiled them to the trough.
The bill would further curb the independence and effectiveness of Members of Parliament by eliminating legal parliamentary immunities in the discharge of their duties, while its punitive provisions mandate an unelected and unaccountable body to remove members from office, which circumvents the public's right to select candidates of their choosing and to be represented by them.
Yosua Prison Ministry
57. The centres de négoce (mining trading centres), established by the Government to ensure the traceability of minerals, were suspended on 18 December during a meeting of the partners due to two major obstacles.
For submission of draft resolutions that are based on pre-existing resolutions, the officially issued version -- for example, the A/RES document issued on the Official Document System (ODS) -- must be used as the base text, with all new text and changes to the old text indicated clearly in boldface.
Mechanisms to make IGO information on chemicals readily available are established in all countries.
And Joseph called the name of the first-born Manasseh: For, [said he], God hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.
But this raises question about whether the Ecosoc can be revived as an operational body.
durabilityreasonable priceIt has a five-year guarantee against mechanical defectsThat includes an extra pair of shoelaces and a bottle of polishHow do you like this oneWill you not try that oneThis style is quite elegant, I think you''ll like it
Its comprehensive performance fully exceeds the IH pump.
16. Welcomes the dialogue between the Government of Myanmar and the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on the occasion of the consideration of the Government's report in November 2008, as a sign of engagement in international cooperative efforts in the field of human rights, and encourages the Government to work to fulfil the recommendations of the Committee;
Whatever the division between the two periods, it is clear that Foxboro rejected Coneco's charges for both, as was stated in its final communication with Coneco on the matter, its telefax message dated 23 May 1991, which reads as follows:
States, without prejudice to ensuring full freedom of expression, should encourage privatelyowned media to adequately reflect indigenous cultural diversity.
A SGBV evaluation took place in October/November 2007 under the auspices of UNHCR and also in collaboration with Government.
Paras. 26, 77-96
It presents an overview of legal and regulatory developments within international organizations, as well as a number of policy issues identified by various bodies.
27 August 1971
142. The Department of Peacekeeping Operations informed the Board that it had applied more rigorous review and regular monitoring of its aviation budgets.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft resolution E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.18, sponsored by Mr. Alfonso Martínez, Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Koufa, Ms. Mbonu, Ms. Motoc, Ms. O'Connor, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro, Ms. Rakotoarisoa, Mr. Sattar, Mr. Weissbrodt and Ms. Zerrougui.
E. Second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
Lk 10:29 But he, wanting to justify himself, said to Jesus , And who is my neighbor?
Indeed, many Europeans wonder whether American leadership in Afghanistan and elsewhere is the solution or the problem.
Honduras, Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Palau, United States of America
56. The right to social security is laid down by Act No. 100/1998 Coll. on Social Security as amended by later regulations.
He pounded the drum furiously.
This special session is indeed an opportune moment for us to learn from the lessons, shortcomings, mistakes and failures of the past so that we may strive to reach the remaining Summit goals and to respond to the call of the Millennium Declaration.
" "What do you say, fellow
Canada
Date of birth: 1 March 1932
 It could also serve to identify current research activities relating to verification and indicate areas where more research would be beneficial.
She also has 'come to the conclusion that it's good to get more women together,' and involved on work teams and at company meetings.
At its 41st plenary meeting, on 24 July 2007, the Economic and Social Council:
Additional resources requested under investment costs, for advisory and custodial fees
Last week, I went to a greasy spoon with a friend and this Sunday Ive got to go to a potluck.
The first step is the only difficulty.
25. Several delegations also noted with appreciation the judgment in Case No. 16 and the advisory opinion in Case No. 17. It was also remarked that since those cases touched upon issues that had not been dealt with previously, namely maritime boundary delimitation and activities in the Area, respectively, the judgment and advisory opinion had further broadened the scope of the case law of the Tribunal.
Determinations of incapacity and inability to engage in gainful employment
I think that is partly what my French colleague is referring to in terms of the need to have a dialogue that allows views to be fully expressed.
Project name: a unique name for the project
This some phenomena showed that the flow has flaw, this will cause the production process which you meet down to be impeded.
The instruments also of the churl are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the poor with lying words, even when the needy speaketh right.
The group of contracts is signed as a package deal;
It further requires that UNCTAD differentiate itself and position itself strategically, and be a credible, trusted and sought-after source of analytical information and policy advice in the interrelated areas of trade, investment, finance, technology and sustainable development.
In practice, these social networks are becoming a virtual alternative for the reception rooms used by the Service, where complaints are filed, proposals made and public discussions carried out.
ADOPTION OF THE AGENDA AND ORGANIZATION OF WORK
Six members from Latin American and Caribbean Statesb
If prostitution is illegal/criminalized are both prostitute and client subject to prosecution?
Table 2.32 Resource requirements (gross budget): Vienna, subprogramme 2
Calcination of Sodium Bicarbonate in New - type, High - efficiency Ebullience Calciner
You use some adverbs of degree to modify clauses and prepositional phrases.
99. In the absence of a comprehensive social development plan, no national strategy for children has been formulated to date.
鈥楴ow ,boy,鈥檋e said,鈥榯ake me to the captain or I'll break your arm!
I'm for putting him out of his troubles.
Moreover, the lack of an overall development framework has made it impossible to take maximum advantage of opportunities for cooperation with United Nations agencies at the operational level to support priority national development objectives.
It is no wonder that counselors of battered women are inclined to advise a black-and- blue wife for divorce
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Pacific Islands Forum: draft resolution (A/63/L.56) [114 (s)]
(c) Consider that measurement of empowerment, as a cross-cutting theme, should be built into all policies, including poverty eradication, social integration and employment and decent work;
C. Enhanced cooperation and cross-sectoral policy and programme coordination
On average between 75 and 90 per cent of incidents of harassment were not reported to the police even though most of them were regarded as serious by the victims.
The report comprises a thematic analysis of the first decade of the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children.
Global road safety crisis
 Although those countries do not qualify for regular UNICEF programme assistance, as a result of economic decline in the past five years, the quality of services for children and the standard of living have been adversely affected, especially in Suriname and Trinidad and Tobago.
Mission to Kenya (9-22 February 2004)*
Accountants who have already qualified with a recognized professional body find it hard to understand why they should have to re-qualify with another body if they wish to move across national frontiers.
The agency is conducting 225 investigations "involving potentially defective or substandard parts and components, " he said.
Thelephorales
The United Nations website today carries a great variety of material, including statements by the Secretary-General, reports to major intergovernmental bodies, daily news highlights, promotional products on the major themes and priorities of the Organization, information regarding major world conferences and special sessions of the General Assembly, to name a few.
In UNICEF, this includes income other than the value of the voluntary contributions and the net income of the Private Sector Division.
International organizations under whose auspices such treaties are concluded are invited to indicate whether they publish periodic reports on the status of ratifications of and accessions to multilateral treaties and, if they do not, to indicate whether in their view such a process would be useful.
Mobs shouted at Tunisian women demonstrators to go back to the kitchen “where they belong.”
For I earnestly protested unto your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of Egypt, even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/61/L.9 without a vote (see para. 6 below).
Recalling the adoption of the Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and Reparation for Victims of Gross Violations of International Human Rights Law and Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law by the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 2005/35 of 19 April 2005 and by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 2005/30 of 25 July 2005, in which the Council recommended to the General Assembly that it adopt the Basic Principles and Guidelines,
At the same time, the Government should also work to improve its delivery systems, the quality of its governance and its respect for human rights in order to foster credibility and galvanize support for itself and its initiatives.
The EU has contributed, under Security Council authorization, to a peacekeeping force beyond its region (Democratic Republic of the Congo, 2003), as has NATO (Bosnia and Herzegovina, 1995; Kosovo, 1999; and Afghanistan, 2003).
Noting the peace negotiations in the Middle East, which should be of a comprehensive nature and represent an appropriate framework for the peaceful settlement of contentious issues in the region,
Survey indicates an increased level of satisfaction, with support provided to all client offices
He is a bearded, sandal-wearing liberation theologian, a campaigner for the poor and for land reform (see article).
8. The current members of the Council consider that, given the availability of suitable candidates who have already undergone interviews, testing and screening, it is not necessary to delay the process by advertising for additional suitable candidates for appointment.
Portugal
1. Definition and scope of trafficking in persons
Sale value
Cash transfer programmes, for example, should also provide training opportunities and temporary employment for women.
In its Advisory Opinion of 8 July 1996 on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons, the International Court of Justice recognized the principle of distinction as an "intransgressible" principle of customary international law.
Development of training modules
The present report is a summary of six stakeholders' submissions to the universal periodic review.
On the contrary, the proposed framework would ultimately lead to a more comprehensive implementation of article IV, where the benefits of advanced nuclear technologies would be made available to all States that seek them on a fair and equal basis.
The context of direct negotiations, as stated in European Union Council conclusions, must be that negotiations should be based on the pre-1967 borders, that settlements are illegal, that all final status issues are to be included in the negotiations -- including the status of Jerusalem as capital of two States -- and that both parties are to refrain from provocative actions.
6. The Convention in article 1 defines discrimination against women.
A number of activities were undertaken under a European Commission (EC)-financed project in favour of Southern African Development Community (SADC) countries.
The article expounded the factors which influence the strength in process producing powder - coal - Ash brick.
Utricularia minor
+ 3 1.But Coppi's is different from other restaurants because of the careful way it is managed by its owners, Carlos Amaya and his sister Nori.
National currency and unit of measure: euro
8. Computers in the Secretariat Building with Internet access -- ITSD has provided 24 computers and arranged to have them installed in the Delegates' Lounge and in the First Basement of the Secretariat Building.
In group 3 consisting of 4 cases, only the abnormal zero disparity stereo acuity was found.
 105. Development of programmes and projects for transport and communications infrastructure should take full account of the macroeconomic environment and the constraints within which the programmes operate in fulfilment of the objectives of the Second Transport and Communications Decade for Africa.
(a) The governance framework and the implementation of the roles of the distinct governance bodies;
If there are no more comments or requests for the floor today, it is my intention to close this plenary.
In the market, I breathed the smells of the Orient.
As at the end of 2000, the skills centres provided 1,184 full-time training places; the sheltered workshops provided 6,795 places; and there were 1,250 supported employment places.
We will be with you at that time, said the major.
Background: The SBSTA, at its fifteenth session, took note of the Chairman's report (FCCC/SBSTA/2001/INF.5) on the workshop on "good practices" in policies and measures held in Copenhagen, Denmark, from 8 to 10 October 2001, pursuant to the request by the COP at the first part of its sixth session.
Piazza del Campo
Art stubs
By law, every individual must have a name and surname (art. 38).
CRC/C/3/Add.19
Article 188, paragraph 1, of the Convention provides for the submission of certain categories of disputes to a special chamber of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea formed in accordance with articles 15 and 17 of annex VI to the Convention or to an ad hoc chamber of the Seabed Disputes Chamber of the Tribunal.
I promise I promise that I won't tell anybody what you said. ;[07:42.47]53
 Denmark participates in the United Nations Protection Force with almost 1,300 peace-keepers and has made substantive contributions to the European Community Monitoring Mission.
1986-1992, attended meetings of the Fifth Committee as an adviser of the Chinese delegation during the forty-second, forty-third, forty-fifth and forty-seventh sessions of the General Assembly
To begin the conversion, I first had to partition the unused space at the end of my hard drive.
66. The Special Rapporteur wonders whether the formation of self—defence groups from among the town or collines populations, or the participation of civilians in military—type tasks does not constitute abdication by the Burundian State of its governmental responsibilities.
20.20 Advice and training will be provided to strengthen human resources and institutional capacities of developing countries in the planning and management of their water and mineral resources in the context of sustainable development.
In the lead-up to the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, to be held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 2012, mercury was one of the most important issues being negotiated at the global level.
The tool aims to strengthen country-level capacities for implementation of indigenous peoples' right to consultation.
The adoption at the Conference of an Outcome Document (NPT/CONF.2010/50 (Vol.
8. The Human Rights Committee therefore decides that:
We turn first to A/62/L.18, entitled, "Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People".
Further, the principles should be seen as a complement to other initiatives such as the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights; the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development Draft Principles on Promoting Responsible Sovereign Lending and Borrowing; and international debt relief mechanisms.
Guess I'm up the creek without a paddle now.
 I strongly oppose the presence of the word "generally" in the first sentence.
As we discuss the issues now confronting our world, we cannot but refer to the importance of building a new reality that aims at the full development of the people's potential through the establishment of peace, the building of democracy and the shaping of sound economies.
This boy causes many troubles to his parents.
Finally, let us fully exercise our responsibilities responsibility to defend and promote human rights.
1. Social development, including questions relating to the world social situation and to youth, ageing, disabled persons and the family [102]
You put one of your ears close to one end of the pipe while your friend taps the other end with a hammer.
Syria affirms that the support of the international community for the efforts of the Lebanese people to enhance its unity and to maintain its independence and sovereignty is the only venue to ensure the future of Lebanon.
There is a sensible difference between yellow and orange.
Second Committee, Mr. Marco Balarezo (Peru);
We needed to see an image of ourselves in this place that we were building, not just in the buildings but in the public spaces.
Other major contributions by the World Programme were the presentation of the concept of the equalization of opportunities as a new area for intervention and the recognition of the right of disabled persons and their organizations to participate in decision-making in matters concerning themselves.
Even asking would be too embarrassing.
The National Programme to Combat HIV/AIDS had been established to distribute and promote the use of contraceptives, in spite of the fact that the Penal Code did not permit their use.
73. On the basis of the survey, recommendations were drafted for the internal affairs authorities for improving ways and means of preventing and combating domestic violence.
This is far lower than what many had hoped; in 2010, I predicted that in the coming decade, the world could grow at a 4.1% annual rate.
I sure will. But when Les hung up the telephone, he said to himself, Now, he must think I Les did dial the telephone, but it wasnt to call in another deejay.
The son craned his neck to look.As I got off, I remembered some thing Id wanted to buy in the terminal
Note verbale dated 20 April 2009 from the Permanent Mission of China to the United Nations (Vienna) addressed to the Secretary-General
Americans may have to drive their cars less.
A "Teachers Guide to Peace Education" has been launched in both the Indian and Sri Lankan Parliaments.
Thereafter, all mass beatings of convicts in the SIZO were held with the participation of the Special Rapid Response Unit of the State Department for the Execution of Sentences and troops of the Ministry of the Interior, in the presence of the aforementioned persons and the SIZO administration.
"Sometimes people don't realize they're physically hungry," says O'Neil.
a. General
Although repairing the immediate environmental damage done during that period was possible, it would cost US$ 44 million.
Article 4
Discussion by CST Bureau on the concept and agenda of the UNCCD regional scientific meetings planned for mid-2009 with related background documents (2008 - 2009)
Public enterprise restructuring
With support from the Asian Institute of Technology in Bangkok, the secretariat conducted a training programme from 10 February to 6 March 2014 on road safety and traffic management for officials of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
50. The interest in gender equity and the State's consideration of public policies toward gender issues has been an increasingly high priority in the past decade for the government's highest-ranking authorities, especially following the national preparations for the Cairo and Beijing conferences.
The and fiber textures were strengthened with area reduction of the cold drawing.
in the administration, this minister is in charge of registering regional religions.
The Trump administration is now moving on to tax reform, which will be just as hard, if not harder, to enact.
 Legal safeguards require that there must also be rules of disqualification for the procuracy.
That Council must develop its dialogue and solidarity with the Bretton Woods institutions and the World Trade Organization, especially in the field of world economic policymaking.
At the same time, a class of wavelet-like incremental unknowns(WIUs)is presented and has some good properties.
' said one of the group suddenly.
For example, the Government target is to offer everyone who needs it an appointment at a GUM clinic within 48 hours by March 2008 and we are making excellent progress.
Currently there are more people living on the islands than ever before.
35. Child Domestic Labour in Honduras, Ministry of Labour/IPEC 2003.
(c) Draft resolution A/C.1/61/L.55, as a whole, was adopted by a recorded vote of 139 to 1, with 24 abstentions (see para. 108, draft resolution XXXI).
145. The Board recommends that UNDP, in conjunction with UNOPS, resolve long outstanding differences noted in the inter-fund reconciliation.
It was very useful to take into account the experiences of other programmes and specialized agencies and make periodic evaluations of progress in relation to simplifying and harmonizing administrative rules and procedures.
In the aftermath of World War II, a group of idealistic Frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that France would have “the Germany she deserved.”
Corresponding reductions were applied pro rata to the shares of other Member States, except, under track 1, the ceiling country.
" The computer knows how to conquer error, but before we lose ourselves in celebrating the victory, we might reflect on the great advances in the human situation that have come about because men were challenged by error and would not stop thinking and exploring until they found better approaches for dealing with it.
Concerning the possibility of express waiver, only two judges addressed this possibility.
1. The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights considered the third periodic report of Portugal on articles 1 to 15 of the Covenant (E/1994/104/Add.20) at its 58th, 59th and 60th meetings, held on 14 and 15 November 2000, and, at its 74th meeting, held on 24 November 2000, adopted the following concluding observations.
16. Our energy policy is to ensure reliable and safe supply at reasonable costs. Our work priorities are outlined below.
He knew he was wrong and I didn't want to rub it in his face.
In rural areas
Affirming that the realization of the right to education, especially for girls, contributes to the eradication of poverty,
General Purpose: Daily quality check.
The Cases were found coronary disease and identified sudden coronary death by autopsy after death.
110. The recommendations below did not enjoy the support of Benin:
87. Recognizes that technological infrastructures and supportive applications in the United Nations are based on Latin script, which leads to difficulties in processing non-Latin and bidirectional scripts, and encourages the Department of Public Information to continue its efforts, to the extent possible, to ensure that technological infrastructures and supportive applications in the United Nations fully support Latin, non-Latin and bidirectional scripts so as to enhance the equality of all official languages on the United Nations web site;
The six fu-organs are usually in a state of the alternations between emptiness and fullness.
i need to clear some spacefor my office.
92. Most of the projects implemented were not completed within the initial deadline.
I should like to conclude with a message in my native language, Guaran:
2.8 Effective and efficient human resources services to clients
We are exposed to sudden external shocks, such as regional conflicts, increases in international oil prices, declines in copper prices, harsh weather patterns and financial crises.
1. Third generational rights and climate change
She made back her investment in an hour, everything else is profit.
Marshall Islands
143. In accordance with rule 69 of the Committee's rules of procedure, the SecretaryGeneral shall bring to the attention of the Committee information which is, or appears to be, submitted for the Committee's consideration under article 20, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
In particular, recalling its general recommendations No. 21 (1990) on the right to self-determination and No. 23 (1997) on indigenous peoples, the Committee invites the State party to pay greater attention to the principle of self-identification by individuals concerned, including Khmer Krom and Degar (Montagnard), and to consider ratifying International Labour Organization Convention No. 169 (1989) concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in Independent Countries.
29. Under the theme "Improving methods for crop estimates", an agreement was signed at the end of 2014 with the Indian Agricultural Statistics Research Institute for developing methods for estimating crop areas, yields and production under different cropping conditions (pure stand, mix and continuous cropping).
Vice-Chair-cum-Rapporteur: Ms. Lillian Saili Bwalya (Zambia)
Adoption of the agenda.
Recognizing this, UNFIP and UNF are supporting the efforts of UNDP, in cooperation with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization to support a "learning by doing" approach and building the capacity of select private and public stakeholders, primarily in Brazil, effectively to develop and implement pilot Clean Development Mechanism projects.
Larche, Corrèze
On your bike , have you ever drafted a tandem on a downhill?
2. Globalization is bringing the United Nations system together in an unprecedented way, both in meeting the many difficult challenges that it has introduced and in ensuring that the benefit it carries and the great potential it offers can be enjoyed by all.
There are many different elements to human security.
12. An integrated United Nations library service would be established, drawing together the Dag Hammarskjöld Library and the Library at the United Nations Office at Geneva in the first phase.
I don't think some mug will buy his fake jewellery.
Views under article 5, paragraph 4, of the Optional Protocol
Delegates are reminded that PaperSmart services are offered as an additional service for the sixty-eighth session of the Fourth Committee of the General Assembly.
Legal immigration further represents a severe blow to those who are engaged in human smuggling.
I was particularly gratified that African states are poised to take ownership for the continent's well-being.
 Specifically, it stated that:
18 August-5 September
Your men are at the hospital?
 50. As indicated in paragraphs 170 and 171 of annex IV to document A/49/540, an amount of $46,793,100 has been estimated for the purchase of vehicles.
Experience of the South Pacific war shows that the Jap is no superman and can be beaten.
Final communiqué of the thirteenth ministerial meeting of the International Working Group on Côte d'Ivoire
Regrettably, in the case of the country, technical cooperation in human rights was being imposed as a means of pressure.
The community thus suffers a major change in its demographic composition.
It may be recalled that the Sub-Commission, in its resolution 1987/32, drew the particular attention of the Commission on Human Rights to the recommendation of the Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery that the Commission should try and prevail upon all Governments to nominate more women for election to the Sub-Commission.
former flyattendant christina Paraneno.
Taking Map Study Method as the Kennel to Create New Platform for Geography Teaching in Universities in the Information Age
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on the budget for the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for the period from 1 July 2007 to 30 June 2008 (A/61/671 and Corr.1);
Olympic gold medalists for Colombia
Human resources incumbency performance
Some taipans might collect secret commissions for their own personal accounts.
I remember all of you
 9. Thirdly, both trade and environmental agreements are evolving bodies of international law which, inter alia, may raise the question of hierarchy between the two.
`You are surely losing your reason.
"You speak without knowing the facts, " replied the beetle; "don't you see that I am a prisoner? "
The European Union welcomes the positive response of the Guatemalan Government and civil society to its decision to send an electoral observer mission to cooperate with the missions organized by the Organization of American States (OAS) and other organizations and with national observers.
The gap varies somewhat depending on the branch.
1980s in California
44. The Advisory Committee recalls that requirements for UNPOS for the period 1 January to 31 December 2008 were included in the Secretary-General’s earlier report on the requirements for special political missions (A/62/512/Add.3).
This is a faith or religious revolution, and you can be part of it.
Even at the top level , pragmatism , rather than compassion, dominates.
150. At its 26th meeting, on 17 August 2000, the SubCommission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2000/L.21, sponsored by Mr. Alfonso Martínez, Mr. Bengoa, Ms. Daes, Mr. Eide, Mr. Fan Guoxiang, Mr. Fix-Zamudio, Mr. Goonesekere, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. van Hoof, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Ogurtsov, Mr. Oloka-Onyango, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Rodríguez-Cuadros, Mr. Sik Yuen, Ms. Warzazi, Mr. Weissbrodt, Mr. Yokota and Ms. Zerrougui.
VII. RECOMMENDATIONS 109 28
(c) Promoting and facilitating the creation of national space institutions;
25 June 1999
It is of the opinion that additional national staff should also be provided for through general temporary assistance.
3.2 The author submits that Decree No. 46-1574 of 30 June 1946, which requires all identity photographs accompanying residence card applications to show applicants full face and bareheaded, takes no account of the fact that members of the Sikh community are bound by their religious beliefs to cover their heads in public at all times.
Go to her, she said.Astonished, Edward stammered, What do you meanEdward, I have always known I was not the Henderson girl you intended to send for
In his opening statement the Executive Director expressed the hope that the dialogue would contribute to solving urban problems in a world in which nearly 1 billion people worldwide were living in slums and substandard housing.
Since his capacity to do is forced into channels of evil through environment and pressures, man is strong before he is moral.
In addition to this an amount of US$ 557,927 is still outstanding from the contributions of 1999-2001.
This is the fourth periodic report submitted by the Government of Denmark in pursuance of articles 16 and 17 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
(Agenda item 1 (d))
Office of the Chief of Staff (including Planning Unit)
Deactivation of corrections staff: phase I: pensionable age staff (65 years) or 25 years of service; phase II: staff failing a written exam
Hunt Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them
(m) Governmental authorities should refrain from exerting a priori scrutiny into the objectives of NGOs.
In addition, there are challenges in preserving and publishing State materials in all of the many indigenous languages that may exist within a single State.
The breadth and complexity of the challenges that must be met cannot distract the international community from its responsibilities.
Epson R-D1
Gérard Biraud
11. The official meeting was preceded by a half-day meeting of major groups on 28 May 2013. (See the joint statement by major groups contained in E/ESCWA/SDPD/2013.)
The right to work is recognized in the Labour Code for both men and women.
In the Southern Cone region of Latin America (comprising Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay), East Asia and the Pacific and South Asia, UNDCP has embarked on the implementation of projects that aim to foster a broader response and exchange of experiences and best practices on drug abuse and HIV/AIDS prevention among the participating countries.
As in the case of reservations, but by a different procedure, the aim is:
In conjunction with the observance of the International Day of Disabled Persons, an informal briefing, organized by the Division for Social Policy and Development, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, will take place on Tuesday, 3 December 2002, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
But new devices could reduce the task to just four seconds, cleaning even hard-to-reach areas under fingernails.
34銆乄elcome to our western restaurant.
97. On the basis of the recommendations and observations indicated in the foregoing paragraphs, the Advisory Committee recommends that the General Assembly approve the appropriation of $196,444,800 gross ($177,151,400 net) for the operations of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda for the biennium 2002-2003.
How much heartache do you have to feel until you finally feel true love?
Further protection challenges surfaced as the civilian character of camps was undermined when rebels were found to be recruiting refugees.
(a) The functions could remain in place (if the security situation changes) (A/67/720, para. 76);
The issue of safety and health of prisoners is of special importance in all countries.
Oxford, Arkansas
*The 2009-2010 figures for development bank loans are estimated at the 2008 level.
International staff
The caustic comic Don Rickles was honored for his performance in a variety or music program for the special Mr. Warmth: the Don Rickles Project.
A conciliation agreement submitted to a judge would, moreover, be treated as would any contract between the parties, thus reducing the usefulness of the Model Law.
The Administration agreed with the Board's recommendation that UNAMID adhere strictly to the requirements of the Procurement Manual to submit contract amendments for review by the local committee on contracts (para. 115)
Among the recent additions: six tiny high-resolution cameras concealed under a glass dome on the roof.
Since October, trade unions have expressed their intention to strike, with secondary schoolteachers, nurses and non-magistrate personnel in the Ministry of Justice already engaged in strikes.
For instance, strain gauges calculate the stretch in the wires or ropes in the rigging and sails.
 We look forward to any additional resources that can strengthen our hand in carrying out our efforts to combat the onslaught of desertification and land erosion.
Mr. Marian-George Dinu (Romania)
It is also essential to develop a strategic plan for the Fund and to request that the UNEP/Ozone Secretariat and WMO set up a small working group to assist them in setting priorities and ensuring implementation.
The Committee recommends that the Secretary-General take urgent measures to find a resolution to the dispute and report the result of the negotiation to the General Assembly before the end of 1998.
A fall in price is more likely to prompt a stampede than a calm appraisal of valuations.
The Irish government declined his wife's offer to repatriate his remains.
The plant that accepts the graft is called the rootstock.
During the World Urban Forum, organized alongside the Barcelona Forum, the Special Rapporteur highlighted the importance of including women in urban policy formulation and countering the distinct negative impact of urbanization and forced evictions on women.
Mr. Koffi (Côte d'Ivoire) Vice-Chairperson, took the Chair.
She is a very headstrong foolish girl, and does not know her own interest; but I will make her know it.
Abbreviations
Item 131 (b) of the provisional agenda*
However, by using some of the tips Ill describe, you can be more alert in your morning hours without having to inject yourself with a pot of coffee.
Peking University Resources
The basic reason of sepsis happened and developed is the excessive delivery of cytokines and inflammatory mediators by organism which leads to the inflammatory reaction loss of control and immune function disorder.
A. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
'Thus says the Lord God, "This also I will let the house of Israel ask Me to do for them: I will increase their men like a flock.
3 - 5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I was sure he would have continued down whatever mental list he was following, except for the blush.
aseptic processing of health care products - part 1 : general requirements
:: Document of the countries of the Bolivarian Alternative for the Americas presented at the Fifth Summit of the Americas (see annex);
The Council requested that I submit a report regarding the sources of conflict in Africa, ways to prevent and address those conflicts, and how to lay the foundation for durable peace and economic growth following their resolution.
25. In this context, strengthening of the electoral component of UNMIS, in addition to the retention and the redeployment of personnel recruited in support of the elections, would enhance technical support to the Referendum Commissions at multiple levels.
The Committee had before it draft resolution A/C.5/66/L.3, which had been coordinated by the representative of Kenya, on behalf of the Chair of the Committee
"The General Assembly,
Nassir Hazza seeks compensation in the amount of SAR 5,254,486 for contract losses in connection with the Rush Housing Project.
And, uh Your law firm just called the desk sergeant.
In addition to the above, over the past 24 hours, Israeli settlers have continued their rampage of terror in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
See? You see? That's Nelson Mandela.
38. Mr. Nina (Albania) said that, while trafficking of women and girls for sexual services had long been recognized as a serious problem, trafficking and exploitation of persons in mainstream economic sectors should receive more attention.
396. Duarte Teives, a lawyer, reportedly had an argument with PSP officers about a parking place.
66. In this precarious situation, the military operations destroyed a substantial part of the economic infrastructure.
16. Strongly appeals to all Governments, intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations and individuals as well as other donors in a position to do so to contribute generously to the Trust Fund for the Programme for the Decade for Action to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination, and to that end requests the Secretary-General to continue to undertake appropriate contacts and initiatives to encourage contributions;
The notification of the European Community is based on its own risk evaluation of aldicarb.
The President drew attention to a draft resolution (S/2000/1171), which had been submitted by Bangladesh, Jamaica, Malaysia, Mali, Namibia and Tunisia.
The students have been behaving better ever since the principal read the riot act last week.
The present legal system adopts the separate property system for married couples that allows each party to freely dispose properties owned under his/her name.
He could describe their clothing but not their faces.
While this applies, to some extent, to all fossil fuels, the best way to begin to change our behavior is by reducing coal consumption.
We've been strangely fortunate.
Oman
France appealed for the full implementation of those resolutions and urged Iraq to cooperate unconditionally with the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and with IAEA.
 17. In 1990 another NGO, the International Social Science Council (ISSC), launched the Human Dimensions of Global Environmental Change Programme (HDP) with the objective of describing and understanding the role of humans in global change and the consequences of these changes on society.
The meeting noted the number of existing regional frameworks in specialized areas of work and recognized that bilateral programming would continue between United Nations departments, agencies, funds and programmes and CARICOM.
In the organization of industrial life the influence of the factory upon the physiological and mental state of the workers has been completely neglected.
It also includes growth in the amount of $5,000 for non-staff compensation, $26,300 for travel of representatives and staff to meetings, $485,200 for contractual services, $92,600 for general operating expenses, $122,800 for library books and supplies, partially offset by reductions in the amount of $97,700 for other staff costs, $32,200 for consultants and experts and $46,300 for furniture and equipment.
I should be grateful if you would bring the present letter and its annexes to the attention of the members of the Security Council.
Chengdu ISO9000 certification consulting company that from contract review up to the final after sale service.
Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities
He pursued the matter no further, but he determined to take his nephew with him to the Lincoln races.
38. The memorandum of understanding which commits the Government of Iraq to ensuring the safety and security of the residents while in Iraq, respects the sovereignty of Iraq and meets Iraq's international humanitarian and human rights obligations.
En icon
5 June 1997
Further, the worst forms of child labour are already prohibited under various Acts such as, Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976, Immoral Traffic Prevention Act, 1956, the Prevention of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988 and Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986.
102.113. Further implement legislation and policies that protect and promote the health, legal, social, educational, economic and labour rights of migrants, refugees, and asylum seekers (Holy See);
16. The Russian Federation, collaborating with the European Union (EU) on cooperative development, has launched two large projects in the Volga region and in Siberia.
Recalling that the programme budget implications of General Assembly resolution 64/237 in terms of requirements for posts and related general operating expenses of the Review Mechanism, as well as for the Implementation Review Group, were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011,
With debt relief, market access and home country measures, agricultural productivity and production could be boosted.
98th PLENARY MEETING
Information Technology/Telecommunications Officer
At the same time, output growth has slowed from the 10% trend of the 33 years ending in 2011 to around 7% today.
He was cleared of all charges. 27.
The Management Committee has also instituted a regular and direct dialogue with all of the oversight bodies as a means of sharing perspectives on issues of mutual concern and strengthening, collectively, the management of the Organization.
If you will lock the door to secure us from interruption, I do not doubt that you will find him, when you come back, as quiet as you leave him.
Letter dated 28 June 2006 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Second United Nations Conference on Landlocked Developing Countries
They smashed up vehicles , public utilities and they also torched down private housing , stores and schools .
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
As foreshadowed in my opening statement to this Conference last week, I am conducting a series of bilateral consultations with members.
Resource levels should support both adequate and sustainable evaluation and be measured at both the centralized and decentralized levels, understanding that particular project or programme requirements may require higher or lower levels of evaluation resource allocations based on particular factors such as complexity and strategic significance.
Small amounts of iridium are commonly added for a harder, stronger alloy that retains platinum's advantages.
While these technical guidelines refer to hazardous waste as defined by the Basel Convention, because the selection of wastes suitable for co-processing in cement kilns is influenced by many factors other than hazardous characteristics exhibited by the waste itself, some guidance may also apply to non hazardous waste.
It includes a flow chart of the refurbishment process and guidance on the sorting of refurbishable and non-refurbishable equipment.
/ Do you understand
76. Also at the same meeting, the Commission agreed that the Chair would prepare summaries of the interactive dialogue with the keynote speaker and the panel discussion to be held during the session on the priority theme.
How does it feel to have eight arms?
Your articel is reproduced in another magazine.
National contribution, pledges and commitments
Four teams will go through to the semi-final.
A. Political parties and efforts to combat the stigmatization of the socially excluded 40 - 43 11
"2. Reports may indicate factors and difficulties affecting the degree of fulfilment of obligations under the present Convention".
It is clear to my delegation that the bulk of the follow-up activities would necessarily have to be carried out by the Economic and Social Council through its various functional commissions.
The dog gave a wag of its tail.
If people want to eat their way to grossness and an early grave, let them.
Letter dated 6 March 2007 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly
(d) The statute of limitations for each of these offences;
6. Calls further on all donors to simplify their administrative and reporting requirements to significantly reduce the administrative costs of their contributions to other resources;
It was suggested that, although the Legislative Guide would be a useful reference for domestic legislators in establishing a legal framework favourable to private investment in public infrastructure, it would be nevertheless desirable for the Commission to formulate more concrete guidance in the form of model legislative provisions or even in the form of a model law dealing with specific issues.
Under the Anti-terrorism Act (see 1.3), "any person who aids, abets, counsels, procures, incites or solicits the commission of an offence or conspires with another or others to commit [a terrorist] offence is liable on conviction on information to be punished as a principal offender" (The Bahamas Anti-terrorism Act 2-3).
It was noted by the reviewing experts that there was not presently any form of common code of conduct or code of ethics applicable to all public officials, meaning that the disciplinary actions taken against officials where they are subject to criminal proceedings is inconsistent between different government departments, leaving a significant amount of discretion to senior members of individual public authorities.
Quotations: "I am prepared to Armstrong's worse than I should be more than him, he was a pleasant surprise to human beings, I want to give a pleasant surprise to all of humanity."
Of course, hypermarkets will do well in a few locations, but they are unlikely ever to dominate India’s retail sector.
Zambian politics take place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic, whereby the President of Zambia is both Head of State and Head of Government in a pluriform multi-party system.
National staff: no net change (reassignment of 2 national General Service posts, 1 each to the Medical Services Section and the Aviation Section, respectively, redeployment of 1 national General Service post from the former Budget Section, and conversion of 1 Field Service post to a National Professional Officer post)
The Mission learned about the procedures for selection and screening of future local police officers, in which particular emphasis is placed on efforts to recruit from minority communities (currently some 11 per cent of students are non-Albanian) and to include at least 20 per cent female representation in the Kosovo Police Service.
And your passport and exchange memo.
Deputy Permanent Representative of Portugal to the United Nations
He wrote almost 450 texts on a wide variety of subjects, his two most famous being The Canon of Medicine and The Book of Healing.
Decisions taken by the Department of Management of the Secretariat comprise the next largest category (92 cases), followed by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) (70 cases), the regional commissions (62 cases), the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management (50 cases) and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) (48 cases).
This reflects a very high level of demand for UNDP services in energy and environmental management and vindicates the Executive Board decision to identify it as a major practice.
The white-tail is not the only southern bird to drift north recently. Mississippi kites now nest in New England.
Airports established in 2005
The proposal for a United Nations global ministerial conference therefore provides the perfect opportunity for the international community to mobilize the leaders in the transport sector. It will also serve to focus our minds on practical solutions that can make a lasting difference and create the opportunity for enhanced leadership, which can assist in reducing the devastation now taking place in the developing world.
The fading away of cold war tensions during the last decade has dramatically cleared the way for States to engage in even greater international cooperation in space activities.
10. Throughout the report, the persistence of stereotypical attitudes and certain cultural and traditional practices and customs are cited as the major obstacles to achieving de facto equality for women (see, for example, paras. 86, 122 and 182).
Taypi Ceqe
Did you know it will tenderize meats?
 427. The reports were introduced by the representative of the State party who pointed out that, following the reunification of Germany in 1990, the reports now applied to Germany as a whole.
29. Mr. McDorman (Canada) said that since Canada shared an international land boundary only with the United States of America, the issue of groundwater pollution was an exclusively bilateral one in its case.
10. Achievement of the results sought by government agencies is contingent on employees in two ways:
The documents also indicate the lack of a comprehensive approach in inventory and asset management.
Snow Barlow from the University of Melbourne and the CRC for Greenhouse Accounting says it's a setback for farmers who could have potentially been paid for planting trees and managing existing vegetation.
4. Council resolution 2004/9 is an important and timely document to promote respect for human rights in the field of genetic privacy.
Some time later she was no longer afraid of being looked down upon. She managed to find a job as a waitress at a teahouse.
Current and projected expenditures are estimated at $33,500,300 for the entire financial period, leaving a projected unencumbered balance of $983,900.
Seek out beauty in life, not for the stimulation, but for the sheer pleasure of the experience.
- There are clear disparities in the field of literacy over the Arab region as a whole in such matters as the responsible administrative agency, funding sources and governing legislation, and this situation makes it difficult to plan for development goals for the region or to prepare regional strategies, procedural plans and policies for literacy and adult education programmes.
Despite that event, Congress froze the Commodity Futures Trading Commission's regulatory authority for six months.
It is critical that the US continue its strong leadership on NTDs by maintaining funding for treatment programs in the federal budget, this year and in the years to come.
A memorandum of understanding between the Government of Mozambique and UNHCR was signed in March 1993 which provided the overall framework for repatriation activities inside Mozambique.
That is the only -- I repeat, the only -- path that leads to what we all wish to see: two States living in peace and security.
Hua Xiong was very powerful and killed several senior generals of the allied forces.
Newport Beach is definitely a good area, a few miles of beautiful beaches.
SAFE branches in provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government that were not included in the previous trial areas should formulate trial measures based upon the relevant local situation, and estimate the required foreign exchange quota for overseas investment and submit the trial measures and estimated foreign exchange quota to the SAFE.
The scorpion hid in the dark and gave the hunter a sudden attack on the shoulder.
(e) To undertake special assignments on behalf of the Executive Director and the deputies in matters concerning strategic planning, management and coordination.
16.39 Through a balanced combination of normative, analytical and technical cooperation activities, the subprogramme will support national statistical systems in the Asia and Pacific region to improve the production and dissemination of key demographic, social, economic and environmental statistics, including the Millennium Development Goal indicators, in accordance with internationally agreed standards and good practices, and will promote the effective use of statistics by policymakers and members of the public in pursuing inclusive and sustainable development.
The policy adopted by the Special Rapporteur is indicated clearly in the first report (see A/CN.4/552, paras. 45-54).
(a) A communiqué from the Ministry for Foreign Affairs on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the Santa Cruz massacre stating that neither the circumstances surrounding the events nor the number and identity of the persons dead or disappeared have been clarified yet;
5.3 The State party considers that the author's allegations, that she did not consent to the identity parade as she was intoxicated, that she could not consult with a lawyer, was forced to testify against herself and was arbitrarily detained should be declared inadmissible by the Committee.
Given the importance and scope of the review, the findings of the study were presented to the Court and the two Tribunals.
Note: The summary of the 5th and 6th plenary meetings of the General Assembly will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 2002/92 (Part I)).
Smith: Oh, I'm sorry, let me say it again.
The Secretariat has prepared a most useful study, which has greatly contributed to providing a clear overview of UNCITRAL rules of procedure and methods of work.
Submitted by: Bernardino Gomaríz Valera (represented by counsel Mr. José Luis Mazón Costa)
Request for a subvention to the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research resulting from the recommendations of the Board of Trustees of the Institute on the work programme of the Institute for 2006-2007
Final Fantasy Dimensions
(CEDAW/C/ANT/1-3)
15 km north of Kulbus
The spokesman pointed out that the migration of President Pervez Musharraf's military government to democracy would also be a discussion topic for Armitage's trip.
It also intends to expand Sustainable Development Networking Programme (SDNP) projects by interfacing with other United Nations and UNDP national and regional programmes and activities.
Annex II compiles existing policies governing RAM and flags the lack of up-to-date specific policies in some cases.
But an oncoming blizzard is expected to dump even more snow on the affected areas as well as bring potentially damaging winds.
Over time, I have tried and found several methods that are helpful to pull me out of a rut.
The Secretariat would furthermore note that during the final development of the Strategic Approach at the first session of the International Conference on Chemicals Management negotiations, it was considered by some participants that institutions such as the World Bank should not be referred to in the Strategic Approach as chemicals management work was perceived to be beyond the Bank's core mandate of poverty reduction.
Resolution 2168 (2014)
"4. Expresses concern that developing countries as a whole experienced a net outflow of financial resources towards developed countries in 2004 for the eighth consecutive year and underscores the need for measures, as appropriate, at the international, regional and national levels to address this issue, including increasing the stability of the international financial system and providing more attractive means to access liquidity in periods of turbulence;
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedoniab
The last recommendation was another form of spin-off benefit of space technology that could have a multiplier effect, resulting in the development of many different products by the licensee, with or without assistance from space laboratories.
The count's brow became clouded.
He asked the carpenter to build in some cupboards.
His first ad was in a magazine called The Ladies Home Journal.
Many people view the superstar city theory as confirming their hunch that, despite the current slowdown in home prices elsewhere (particularly in the United States), investors can expect to make huge long-term gains by buying homes in these cities, even though the homes there are already expensive.
The secretariat also shall communicate proposed amendments to the signatories to the Convention and, for information, to the Depositary.
The ministerial meeting following up the Cairo Summit, held just a few weeks ago in Brussels, once again confirmed the commitment of the heads of State of the European Union and Africa to work towards a new strategic dimension for a comprehensive partnership between Africa and Europe.
w w w. 3 g b b s. c o m aisle-altitude The crazy alchemist The alchemist had always been alienated from his peers because of his alarming theories.
Taking note with appreciation of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Programme of Assistance
He notes that the State party has not responded to his precise allegations relating to his detention for over a month in 1987, for 56 days in 1991 and for 18 days in 1995.
NARRATOR: Perhaps the greatest political impact was on the Labor Party that had all along opposed Thatcher's free-market policies.
- 200-man camp, layout plan;
It would perhaps be preferable to authorize the secretariat to confer with experts on various aspects of its preparatory work.
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
They hoped that their initiative would contribute significantly to the debate on nuclear disarmament.
Well   at the risk of sounding callous Where does that leave us with the new intersect?
On 28 September and 1 October 2012, the legal representatives of two victims' groups, the Office of Public Counsel for victims, the Prosecutor, Mr. Lubanga, and the Trust Fund for Victims submitted their respective observations.
Council implementing Regulation (EU) No. 688/2010 of 26 July 2010 implementing article 7 (2) of Council Regulation (EC) No. 4213/2007 concerning restrictive measures against Iran
 On countless occasions over a period of more than 37 years, Cuba's sovereignty and territorial integrity have been irresponsibly violated through acts of flagrant and perfidious air piracy.
Whoever forms or uses superstitious sects or secret societies or weird religious organizations or uses superstition to cheat another person, and causes death to the person shall be punished in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph.
Reaffirms that budget submissions should reflect management improvements and efficiency gains to be achieved and should present future strategies in that regard (para. 10)
a) 333,000 Units of Account for a ship with a gross tonnage ranging from 300 to 500 tons;
Complementarity of actions (i.e., do actions satisfy or bring added value toward achieving an overarching policy objective); and
Moreover, the State party should ensure the availability of accessible crisis centres where victims of trafficking can receive assistance.
4. Effective coverage in health systems, Rio de Janeiro, September 2001.
Seobinggo station
Luke Air Force Base
‘Why should he not go to the family home？’asked Holmes．
I have the honour to transmit a letter dated 30 December 2005 from the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa to the President of the Security Council, forwarding the annual report of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa in 2005 (see annex).
Annex to decision XVIII/36
The reports are available for reference at the documents distribution counter.
As shown in Figure 2 - 40, this will cause a current (i) to flow through the low to ground capacitance of the electrometer (IM).
[Rule 39
The participants' representatives requested the establishment of a working group; others felt that the consultative process followed this year had worked well and should be continued, while leaving open the possibility of a group meeting just before the Standing Committee convenes.
The members of the Council and the representatives of States invited to participate in the debate stressed the importance of bringing national legislation into line with Security Council arms embargoes.
Imperialism must end.
17. Strong internal and external oversight mechanisms should be established to prevent future cost escalation and ensure that the project proceeded smoothly.
As regards the ground fuel contract, a request for proposals was conducted for a short-term contract for MINUSTAH, pending resolution of the impasse over the disputed invoices.
(A/54/7)
34.1 Amendments to Articles 17(7) and 18(5) of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment
Responding to the Secretary-General's call to make the United Nations as a whole climate neutral, the DirectorGeneral in his address to the Industrial Development Board on 25 June 2007 announced his intention to reduce UNIDO's climate footprint.
does not mean shutting the door on the world, nor does self-reliance mean blind opposition to everything foreign
A mechanism is set forth to deal with exterior effect of transportation facilities as impure public goods that cause traffic congestion.
Furthermore, it appears that young boys suspected of being KLA members were questioned, tortured and sometimes killed regardless of their age. Cases of this nature were reported in Vrani Do, Lipljan and Krusha e Made.
Ad spending in those markets in the first quarter was down at least 5% from a year earlier -- and much more in some markets.
In 1846, the United States annexed New Mexico.
Paragraphs Page
Mr. Naoto Kan, Prime Minister of Japan, was escorted to the rostrum.
One day this rich guy was having a party at his house.
43. In 2008, the HR Committee reiterated its concern regarding the highly restrictive circumstances under which women can lawfully have an abortion in Ireland.
Contact Ernestor Jibaja Torre-Tagle
The IMF/World Bank suggested that Singapore had violated the terms of its agreement to host the event by blocking the entry of 19 civil society representatives, who allegedly posed a security threat
First I will proceed to the drawing of lots for two members from among the five additional members of the Commission from African States.
 Fifth African Regional Conference on Women, November 1994.
Language is a system of signs that can be produced different speech acts and cultural meaning because of different cultural contexts.
Wind and rain leaked in through several tears in the canvas roof.
Operations would continue to be carried out in close cooperation with other organizations of the United Nations system, which would have operational responsibility for demining.
This workshop covered conceptual, technical as well as practical bases for measuring poverty.
It had been informed that, in response to the Board's concerns, the Tribunal had made arrangements to replace the current Field Asset Control System with Galileo and that it was currently recruiting for the position of asset manager.
Please keep out of this building. Patients are sleeping.
6 October 2008 Dear Mr Steiner,
At the same time, an inspection provides field representatives and their staff with an independent and objective review of their performance and, where necessary, with a second opinion on difficult issues.
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
Where to put my dressing table and chest of drawers?
There was an increased incidence of vaccine-preventable diseases such as measles; 63 cases of measles were recorded in 1998, for example, and these are being countered by mass immunization programmes organized by the Ministry of Public Health and Social Welfare;
Summary
During the Eighth Five-Year Plan period, 1,316 kinds of practical technology were recommended nationwide, and 438 of them were appraised as the optimum items of practical technology.
In that connection, Afghanistan and the United States are working to finalize all parts of the strategic partnership agreement, which will ensure our combined commitment to the future of a peaceful and stable Afghanistan.
Only the most sophisticated theories of modern physics can B . account for this phenomenon.
There, everything should be subordinated to the shortest road.
They reported their latest findings Monday at a meeting of infectious disease scientists.
74. The Chairman said that she had received from the President of the 2005 Review Conference a message for transmittal to the Committee.
The next day, second runner-up money to redeem cars, determined to gamble, and then by 4. 5 million, a point not lose that night left.
Once the containers were securely loaded on board the cargo ships, they returned to international waters, where, along with the naval escorts, they will await further deliveries of chemicals to Latakia.
2. For its consideration of the item, the Council had before it the report of the Secretary-General on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations (A/66/81-E/2011/117).
Other end-users are regional and subregional integration and cooperation bodies, academic institutions, research centres and various private-sector organizations such as associations of producers, chambers of commerce, and labour, professional and technical bodies concerned with the aforementioned issues.
Control measures targeting intentional production and unintentional generation as an unwanted waste by-product in the production of chlorinated solvents, can be identical.
ONAM has a centralized organizational structure, consisting of a General Assembly composed of volunteers from the public sector, private institutions, university representatives and non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
Retailers are managing inventory better, which helps preserve profits, 'but the back half of the year, and well into 2009 still look troubled,' said Adrianne Shapira at Goldman Sachs.
The coin that was in widest use was the Spanish Peso, known also as Pieces of Eight because it could be divided into eight pie-like pieces
3. Notes that in line with the Implementation Mechanism the second phase of the transition process should focus on:
For enquiries, please call 2921 6633 or email to
The decision to invest in a production-scale coater will accelerate completion of projects, currently at various stages of development.
(ii) An increase of $440,000 under organizational development activities for the establishment of one new Professional post for the Administrative Law Unit and the abolition of one General Service (Other level) post (net increase of $3,000) and for non-post requirements ($437,000);
Civil status, or any other grounds deleterious to human dignity and having as its object the annulment or restriction of individual rights and freedoms, is prohibited.
3 October 1961
If such a situation will suffer undue loss of our side.
The aim of the report is to highlight the main issues and findings which have emerged so far, and to define new directions and the broad areas of focus for the Department.
In Italy, where eggplant was suspected of causing insanity, it was called mala insana, mad apple.
For its part, the Committee will continue to fulfil the mandate entrusted to it by the General Assembly, the purpose of which is to help the Palestinian people to realize its inalienable rights.
13. The Government of Afghanistan reaffirmed its commitment to intensifying its actions against corruption and to taking concrete steps to that effect.
In previous reports the information and data available to the Special Rapporteur were grouped in chapters on specific categories of violations of human rights such as summary executions, arbitrary arrests, torture, violations of the rights of the child and the rights of women, freedom of expression and movement, etc. with additional paragraphs, whenever necessary, on special questions, such as incidents which prevented humanitarian activities or the situation in the Nuba Mountains.
9. The Working Group recalled the following issues agreed upon in 2005, on the basis of the background paper prepared by the Secretariat (A/AC.105/C.2/L.255 and Corr.1 and 2) and discussions of the Working Group (A/AC.105/850, annex III, para. 11), to be used as the basis for its conclusions:
Weather patterns should also become more erratic and stoiins more severe.
In the early 1990s, a fungus destroyed significant amounts of the coca harvest in Peru.
The precise revisions to those areas will also be forwarded separately to the Security Council.
"So what we do every Monday is we review the whole business.
Initiated the first stage of a nationwide gender situational analysis through the former National Gender Steering Committee and the Ministry of Health and Social Services Gender Committee in 2005;
D. Regulatory and institutional dimensions
17. Haitian Diaspora expressed support for WFP school feeding programmes in Haiti and called for international cooperation with the Government of Haiti to help feed all children of Haiti through a national school feeding programme targeting all school-age children and purchasing food from local producers in order to foster local development.
Mr. Chan Wah Teck (Singapore) emphasized the important role played by the rule of law in ensuring that people were aware in advance of the consequences of their actions and hence made the proper choices.
When the genocide started, troop contributors withdrew peacekeepers, and the Security Council, bowing to United States pressure, failed to respond.
The progress that was made towards realizing poverty and other development objectives occurred where high growth rates were sustained.
60. Live pool United Nations Television coverage is available through Ascent Media/Waterfront and The Switch.
We are halfway through the period between the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the 2005 Review Conference.
Biological and chemical weapons also remain major items on our agenda, because of their potentially massive and indiscriminate effects.
Thus, until the Organization has one contract and one series of Staff Rules (100 series) for all staff, the Organization cannot fully harness the valuable experience, skills and knowledge of large numbers of staff.
1. Pursuant to article 9, the following Elements of Crimes shall assist the Court in the interpretation and application of articles 6, 7 and 8, consistent with the Statute.
(o) Statement submitted by Droit à l'energie SOS futur, a non-governmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council (E/2006/NGO/4);
The ultimate strategic goal of the United Nations is "general and complete disarmament under effective international control".
Support payments to Kuwaitis outside Kuwait
"You see, Edmond, I am not mistaken, and have cause to say, 'Spare my son!
3.Axial-type Metallized Polypropylene film Capacitor [ MPA / MPT ]
The State party may wish to consider requesting further international assistance for the implementation of the measures identified for the full implementation of article 28.
Upon the resumption of the meeting, statements were made by the representatives of Slovenia and the Russian Federation.
Negotiations on the representation of the people of Darfur in the National Legislature were still ongoing at the end of the reporting period
For this purpose, category I-WHITE shall be regarded as the lowest category;
9. All the above-mentioned discriminatory practices are violations of children's rights under the Convention.
In addition to chapters concerning fundamental and general principles, the Equal Rights for People with Disabilities Law comprised operative chapters on employment, public transport services and the establishment of the Commission for Equal Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
General recommendations
34. Mr. RAZALI (Malaysia) said that the countries urging inclusion of the question of capital punishment in the agenda were trying, with good if misguided intentions, to impose an international consensus where there was none.
Vehicles Type Comments 1 tractor truck, 1 mobile crane, 2 portable container offloaders
Ongoing mediation can also be decisive in building longer-term community trust and confidence, for example by supporting democratic institutions and ensuring that evolving power-sharing agreements include all relevant actors.
Zambia
Decision XVII/10: Laboratory and analytical critical uses of methyl bromide
Jerry Shepard: Welcome to the bottom of the world, Doc.
It is expected that the midterm review will be completed by the end of 2006.
Back issues of the Journal of the United Nations, in English and French, can be accessed at the following addresses: <www.un.org/ga/search/journal.asp> and <www.un.org/french/ga/search/journal.asp>.
She cleared her throat with the most disgusting sound she could muster.
It also stipulates that political parties and voting blocs, when nominating candidates for election as people's deputies in multi-seat national constituencies, shall provide for the inclusion of both women and men in their lists of candidates.
Since the exchange of assets proved very profitable, the phenomenon continued and grew considerably, creating a financial bubble.
Talent will not: Nothing is more common than unrewarded talent.
New dog  handlers  must learn the correct timing on when they give actual mark during training.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
He got timely treatment for his ailment .
The members of the Council call for an immediate cessation of hostilities.
61. Regional coordinators are now operational at Kabul, Jalalabad, Kandahar, Herat and Mazar-I-Sharif (currently at Faizabad).
Mélicourt
The Supreme Court in Palchuri Hanumayamma Tadikamalla Kotlingam, (AIR 2001 SC 3062) has interpreted the provision of Section 14(1) of the Hindu Succession Act to the benefit of women, wherein it has held that the property bequeathed to a wife in lieu of her maintenance through a will imposing restrictions and granting limited rights for her enjoyment enlarges into her absolute rights and she becomes an absolute owner of the said property.
Part four is the environmental construction of performance evaluation in civil servant.
V. Conclusions and action required of the General Assembly
Almost everyone thought Mr Heath , with his & quot ; Who governs Britain ? & quot; slogan, would win.
As to reserving tickets, you need to talk to the Travel Department. Their number is 11111.
Two , Department of Mechanical Seal Leakage of water a second possibility is that mechanical failure sealant.
It noted initiatives undertaken in the fields of education and health care, and encouraging results in reducing infant and maternal mortality.
89. The Group undertook wide-ranging and in-depth discussions on the relevance of the Register at the global, regional and subregional levels.
Accordingly, the State party reiterates that there is no danger faced by the author in case of return to the Islamic Republic of Iran.
We will have a further discussion after you have learned about the posibility of our product sales completely.
Staff resources include two Professional posts (1 D-1, and 1 P-4/3) and one General Service post.
29. The Chairman said that the representative of Gambia had asked to address the Committee on the matter in accordance with rule 43 of the rules of procedure.
Opening and exploratory physics experiments are help rul to develop the creativity and practical ability of students.
However, the proposing delegations assured the meeting that the 48-hour notification measure would not be used as a basis for prohibiting the legitimate use of the PSSA in accordance with the principle of freedom of navigation.
Introduction
Furthermore, It'studies the effect of mass media and enterprise journal on enterprise crisis communication.
In this respect it differs from the Israeli definition of genocide which includes as a separate act of genocide "destroying or desecrating Jewish religious or cultural assets or values".
9. National Union of the Association of Protection of Motherhood, Childhood and Families (2007-2010)
In this answer is expressed all that is redemptive about life and love.
A stress-ridden mind consumes much of our memory resources to leave us with a feeble mind.
If the discharge is deemed to present a hazard to either marine resources or human health or cause harm to amenities or other legitimate uses of the sea, then the substances fall within category Y and justify a limitation on the quality and quantity of the discharge into the sea.
Since the very beginning of the crisis Brazil has stood alongside the Haitian people, supporting them on the arduous road towards democracy.
I'm his fan 61
Smith co - star , when she went to Ethiopia in July to pick up Zahara.
357. The Committee encourages the State party to establish an independent national human rights institution, in accordance with the Paris Principles,7 mandated with the protection and promotion of all human rights, including economic, social and cultural rights.
Languages of Russia
The Committee suggests that the State party seek assistance from, inter alia, UNICEF and UNESCO, in this regard.
Wednesday, 22 November 2006, from 11.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
I actually love no one, sir; you know it, do you not?
5. Requirement for concurrent auditing of airline reservations at Headquarters should be reassessed
The received wisdom about currency unions was that their optimality could be assessed on two grounds.
12:12 The spoilers are come upon all high places through the wilderness: for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of the land even to the other end of the land: no flesh shall have peace.
At the same time, efforts should be made not to lose the financial resources invested in the testing of these candidates.
Table 52: Reasons for current drug abuse reported by young drug abusers aged under 18 in 2008
II. Objectives
I will retain my post of mistress till you get a substitute. He smiled approbation: we shook hands, and he took leave
As time went on, I came to love the incredible precision of the formal language, and the inventive flexibility its colloquial counterpart.
The United States economic sanctions against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea are an important tool for the pursuit of its long-standing hostile policy towards the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Many runners do not have access to a track or treadmill and the irregular surfaces of cross-country running provide obvious hazards; therefore, most take to the roads.
To break the dichotomy between development assistance and emergency response, the Inspector observes that many disaster-prone countries are in the process of, or ought to be, introducing national comprehensive disaster-management systems to integrate the disaster and post-disaster phases.
The use of mercury in lamps is exempted from the mercury ban in the EU Directive on hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment.
68. On the other hand, considering the need for research based on a country-wide sampling, the Directorate General on the Status and Problems of Women has prepared a project on matrimonial violence towards women.
As the turtle swims across the oceanarium, the first porpoise swoops down from above and butts his shell with his belly.
Their experiences are superficially similar.
Terrorist activities in his country had increased ever since Armenia had launched a war against it in the late 1980s and occupied 20 per cent of its territory. That had resulted in about one million refugees and displaced persons.
We also went to Depoe Bay resort during the Labor Day weekend
18 January 1994a
In a communiqué that was published last week, the Bureau of the Committee welcomed the results of the Annapolis international Conference and declared that the Conference marked a decisive stage in the negotiations on the permanent status destined to end Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, and to establish a viable Palestinian State within secure and recognized borders, living in peace and security side by side with Israel and its other neighbours in the region.
Independent Police Complaints Council, Secretariat for
(20) The Committee notes that corporal punishment of children is not explicitly prohibited in all settings and that it is a common and accepted means of childrearing (art. 16).
25. The Advisory Committee notes that several 2003/04 budget line items in the performance report's supplementary information under facilities and infrastructure indicated overexpenditure owing to unforeseen expenses: a need to install monitoring devices on vendors' fuel trucks; an unforeseen need to replace office furniture at Camps Faouar and Ziouani; and an unforeseen requirement for the rental of archiving premises in New York.
That would make it simpler for the school, wouldn't it?
21. Welcomes the establishment of the Human Rights Council, which came into being by virtue of UN General Assembly resolution 60/251 of 15 March 2006, and the proposed universal periodic review mechanism (UPR), which is to help the Human Rights Council handle human rights issues in an objective, fair and nonselective manner through dialogue and cooperation;
Have you applied with for another job?
Under-employed -part-time workers with desire for Longer working hours - % of all part-timers 13.0 15.0
7.6 The State party contends that the principle of non-refoulement does not require States parties to refrain from removing non-citizens because their home country does not guarantee their safety in a situation of serious generalized violence.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Services are provided to users in their place of residence, day centers, the Specialized Social Assistance Reference Center (Centro de Referência Especializado da Assistência Social - CREAS - CREAS) or CREAS affiliated units.
With respect to Article 7 of the Convention and pursuant to the Republic of Cyprus the Extension of Jurisdiction of National Courts with respect to certain Terrorist Offences Law of 1979 which has been enacted by the House of Representatives of the Republic of Cyprus on the 18th January 1979, the national courts of Cyprus can prosecute a person suspected to have committed an offence mentioned in Article 1 of this Convention.
3. Please indicate whether in your country workers are granted the possibility to strike as a matter of constitutional or legal right.
In order to maintain the level of assistance and raise awareness of the challenges of the transition, the Peacebuilding Commission must be encouraged to play a central and leading role in donor mobilization efforts.
Registries and the ITL are to conform to the general design requirements of the data exchange standards, as foreseen to be adopted by COP/MOP 1, and the following detailed specifications being further elaborated to facilitate their compatible implementation in all registry systems:
In a sense, Porter is about human beings and human nature, not just the female.
They may suffer from fatigue and tend to be attracted to troublemakers.
Some delegations considered that the Convention set out the applicable principles, in particular the principle of the common heritage of mankind, but noted that provisions relating to the implementation of those principles were currently lacking, leading to a regulatory gap instead of a legal gap.
9 August 1998
Please provide information on the steps taken to withdraw the reservation on article 25 (e), and on whether progress has been made in amending article 732 of the Commercial Act.
Nokia Lumia 830
From 28 September 2008, Concessionary Single Journey Tickets will no longer be valid for student use and students may only use Personalised Octopus cards with "Student Status" if they wish to benefit from paying concessionary fares in the MTR network.
The Ministry contends that the returnees required these social services because they lost their income, other employment benefits and their property in Iraq or Kuwait as a consequence of fleeing Iraq or Kuwait.
Subtotal: Article 5 parties
I made no reply, because I saw that he expected none
Since the ninth progress report (A/52/711), the development of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) has proceeded at a sustained pace.
Did you get my telegram?
On the issue of maritime security, ECCAS informed UNOCA of its intention to launch a subregional monitoring centre on maritime security in 2012.
Wood, petroleum, coal, gas and water are the main energy sources in Nigeria.
Make sure their database synchs up with Jack's information.
The initiative resulted in the establishment of a Maghreb investment fund and a platform for exchange on upgrading and aligning national financial systems with international standards.
75. Some of the most fundamental principles for regulating conduct during war had been established in 1899.
The grounds invoked by the courts to justify the administrative penalties imposed on him are not, according to the author, justifiable under any of the permissible restrictions, and thus his rights under article 19, paragraph 2, of the Covenant, have been violated.
Norway has a new Norwegian Nationality Act.
India has a year is spent at a high temperature.
The Committee's three subcommittees met in parallel and also together in plenary sessions.
7. On the United Nations designated International Day for the commemoration of the bicentenary on 25 March 2007, Jamaica joined other CARICOM member States in observing a minute of silence at 12 noon in honour of the victims.
 12. The discussion on missile programmes was focused on remaining issues, primarily related to Iraq's efforts to produce Al Hussein missiles and solid propulsion missiles.
In addition, four cross-cutting issues are presented.
Pensions in China Rural Areas: From Land Reform to Globalization Pension
30. The Special Rapporteur further notes that child migrants and refugees, often in search of education and work opportunities, are particularly vulnerable to forced, compulsory and exploitative labour and sexual abuse.
:: Adoption of the draft annual workplan for 2015
Increasing the economic empowerment of marginalized parts of the population can also make a significant contribution to poverty reduction. This is particularly true in the case of the agriculture-based economies in sub-Saharan Africa and the least developed countries (LDCs), where the majority of the population is often engaged in subsistence agriculture.
In a specific case, the Board noted that the total project expenditure amount as per the certified combined delivery report was nil, while the programme expenditure as per the nationally executed expenditure database and the Project Financial Management System reflected that the correct amount was in fact $26.8 million.
Software Company B acquires the intellectual property rights for an operating system for personal computers in a transaction pursuant to which it grants a security right in the operating system to SC to secure B's obligation to pay the purchase price.
Below 100
Consider revising its policy for valuation of the annual leave liability
Article 2, paragraph 3, requires a State making such a reservation to notify the SecretaryGeneral of the beginning or ending of a state of war applicable to its territory.
In the longer term, the best way to reduce aid dependency will be to provide external resources at the level required to rebuild the economy's infrastructure and enable it to achieve self-sustained growth.
It stood nearly beneath the eaves of Boston's earliest church, and appeared to be a fixture there.
HONG KONG 2004 Stamp Expo Tourism Series 5 - Shopping Fun
Around the same time, 27 people died in clashes between the military and insurgents in the Murwi and Buganda communes, while over 30 were killed near Bujumbura.
7.6 The complainant observed that in Norway, many people received legal aid in different categories of cases.
With respect to the collection of contributions by private associations and institutions, the Central Bank, in cooperation with the Ministry of Civil Service Affairs and Housing, only transfers sums to charitable associations and institutions in countries outside Qatar after obtaining a declaration from the Ministry of Civil Service Affairs and Housing, in accordance with the provisions of article 29 of Law No. 8 of 1998 on charitable associations and institutions.
Partnerships MOM works closely with unions, NGOs, the media and foreign embassies to recognize the contributions of FDWs and to promote their social welfare and learning.
14. The Rules Committee submits or discusses proposals for amendments to the Rules of Procedure and Evidence.
The delegation stressed that advocacy activities should be practical.
* A/63/50.
The representative of Afghanistan highlighted the country's new policy frameworks for enabling climate change adaptation and green jobs, while the representative of Australia indicated that the Government had established the largest representative network of marine protected areas, provided support for regional fisheries and set a national urban policy.
And Jesus answered and said unto them, I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things.
In terms of the way it is called, there is no difference between a system call and a library function.
More attention is needed to finding innovative ways of ensuring the impact of deliverables in the long run.
The Section would be responsible for directing and supervising construction, repairs and ongoing buildings maintenance projects at the Mission headquarters and team sites, installation and operation of power generating stations and air conditioners and routine and preventive electrical maintenance programmes.
// It was a decision faced twice before by America in this century with dramatically different results.
Other cases concerned activists of the Nepali Congress Party and the Rastiya Prajatantra Party; former members of the Nepal Teachers Organization and the All Farmers Union; the Central Chairperson of the Nepal Majhi Women's Development Committee; and the secretary of National Indigenous Women Federation.
I'm certain that she'll leave tomorrow.
GUINEA
Maybe today is just, close call day.Rachel: (laughing) Close call day.Ross: Hey, thanks Rach. (They hug.
His troubles sit heavily on him.
"The Security Council,
She was delivered of a lovely girl.
The Government extended an invitation on 5 March 1996 to both Special Rapporteurs.
The Government of the Republic of South Sudan directly planned and organized the insurgency of the two divisions. It has taken concerted political steps to rally those divisions in South Kordofan and Blue Nile States, along with insurgents from Darfur movements that have refused to sign the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur, including the so-called "Revolutionary Front", in an open attempt to undermine the stability and security of the Sudan.
Speech delivered by His Excellency Dr. Nabil al-Arabi, Secretary-General of the League of Arab States at the Opening Session
(c) Experts should have no conflict of interest, including involvement in the reporting of the Annex I Party being reviewed or nationality of the Annex I Party being reviewed;
Means of information dissemination are appropriate
Women with children up to the age of 1(1/2) , in the event that they are unable to carry out their previous work, are transferred to other work while maintaining their average wage from the previous position, until the child has reached the age of 1(1/2) years.
An expert review of the data structure definition for Millennium Development Goals indicators was also conducted, which produced some useful technical recommendations for its improvement.
The Committee requests that the State party include in its next periodic report specific information on action plans and other measures taken to implement the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at the national level.
The financial gap for the elections is consequently expected to be reduced to approximately $7 million.
How will we handling the group reservation?
At the same time, the total outstanding assessed contributions for all peacekeeping operations was $1,741.3 million.
The Assembly must uphold the rule of law and the purposes and principles of the Charter.
Ashagi Abdurahmanli village, Fuzuli region, Azerbaijan
105. Some members considered that while State immunity and the immunity of the State official were not identical, they originated from the same underlying premise that, as a matter of international law, it was problematic for one State to readily sit in judgment, in its own domestic courts, on another State or its officials; both the official and its State are implicated when a domestic court of another State passes such judgment.
Tim Kaine
The Sparrow's for trial, at next bird assizes .
It also recommends that the State party continue to provide treatment and rehabilitation programmes for children and adolescents with addiction to drugs and alcohol.
We are certain that it will be a solid foundation for achieving greater unity and solidarity among the countries and the peoples of Africa, while accelerating the political and socio-economic integration of their continent.
Staff members shall exercise reasonable care in any matter affecting the financial interests of the Organization, its physical and human resources, property and assets.
(a) Preliminary ideas on the work of the Guinea-Bissau configuration;
Côte d'Ivoire
To this end, we call on Governments, international organizations and civil society to reaffirm their desire to act and mobilize resources to alleviate human suffering.
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the triennial review of the implementation of recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-ninth session on the thematic evaluation of United Nations coordinating bodies (E/AC.51/2012/2)
I am  sailing  against eaes and squalls on the rough icy sea.
In this light, the time had come to prioritize the negotiating process and separate the issues that make for genuine trade liberalization and deliver development from the rest.
The President of the Assembly can count on the delegation of Mexico to support him in this effort.
The number of supervision cases served under Probation Service and CSO Scheme as well as the number of membership of CSSS for the financial year 2005-06 and 2006-07 are as follows:
On request, any Romanian legal person interested in arms transfers, may acquire technical advises from NACSEPCW.
Delegates who have not been pre-accredited will have to present authorized lists of participants or letters of credentials, together with duly completed accreditation forms.
COMMITTEE ON THE PEACEFUL USES OF OUTER SPACE
To the right is the lending library.
A comprehensive instrument would include many elements intended to address most or all of the global mercury priorities, while a narrow instrument might address only one or two priorities or include relatively few elements.
As, in response to the crisis, banks had been amalgamated, the degree of concentration had increased, with the result that the too-big-to-fail problem was even greater and excessive risk-taking continued.
8. She was encouraged by the government to travel freely in the country and to see first hand many of the government's infrastructural development projects and to obtain a better insight into the developmental needs of the country.
1. Support of Burundi for Colonel Mutebutsi
Agenda items 16, 49 and 67
 17. Requests Member States, in particular the administering Powers, to adopt appropriate measures to prevent the recruitment, financing, training and transit of mercenaries in their Territories for use against the national liberation movements struggling for freedom and independence from the yoke of colonialism, racism and apartheid;
She wanted to know how the Government intended to ensure the advancement of women in all aspects of their lives, including education, employment and social services.
P-4
4. The Foundation has developed five training modules carried out in India.
Given transaction costs, any attempt to follow every move of the market will end up with happy brokers but a diminished investment account.
IPM greatly decreases the bulk of system. The experimental results show that this control strategy proposed can acquire better control effect.
During the reporting period, $144.6 million worth of supplies arrived and $187.3 million worth were distributed.
A. Non-conference-servicing requirements
CHAPTER V LEGAL RESPONSIBILITY Article 42 Where a highly energy-consuming industrial project, the construction of which is formally prohibited by the State, is put up in violation of the provisions of Article 13 of this Law, the administrative department for energy conservation of the people's government at or above the county level shall submit its proposal to the people's government to which it belongs that the government shall, in line with the limits of authority as prescribed by the State Council, order suspension of production or use of the project.
The new century is full of opportunities and challenges.Let us work together to meet these challenges, and to consolidate and strengthen the multilateral trading system and to make continued contributions to the stability and development of world economy and trade.
Miss OTMANI (Morocco) considered it useful that the Subcommittee was again having a general exchange of views.
Design of the online detection controlling system on stagnant force of car seat slideway based on SCM was introduced.
Necessary work by the building landlord is under way.
10. Calls upon donors and multilateral and regional financial and development institutions to provide landlocked and transit developing countries with appropriate, substantial and better-coordinated technical and financial assistance, particularly in the form of grants or concessionary loans, for the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action, in particular for the construction, maintenance and improvement of their transport, storage and other transit-related facilities, including alternative routes, completion of missing links and improved communications, so as to promote subregional, regional and interregional projects and programmes;
Each such school received between 25 and 100 copies.
Presidency of the Security Council:
A responsible Christian citizen modestly models their values and principles that are based on the Bible.
Development of an Environmental Management System in accordance with the ISO 14001
Do not forget to keep 1.2 m away from the subject.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 3 December 2012
Text proposed by the chairmen is presented in italics. Areas on which the chairmen invite Parties to focus during the consultations are presented in bold font.
A substance that provides a pair of electrons for a covalent bond with an acid.
Bills with terms of 30 days to 90 days are the easiest to trade
45. The Advisory Committee questions the cost-effectiveness of the approach taken, given the high costs of implementing new information and communications technology infrastructure.
The State party should take the necessary steps to strengthen the mandate, including access to detention facilities, and independence of the CHRP, including through adoption of the proposed CHRP Charter as well as allocation of sufficient resources for its effective implementation.
This is further described in chapter 3.2 below.
No waivers have so far been provided in cartel investigations.
For the first time in five years, the growth of the continent's oil exporters lagged behind that of oil importers.
However, there are not enough centres to cater for the large numbers of people needing to attend them, or for those in remote areas, who have to travel considerable distances to reach them.
Suzuka is a very demanding track, from a technical point of view, especially in terms of aerodynamics.
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1965
In addition to her academic interest, she also has interest in participating in local community projects.
This goal has generally been unattainable in United Nations system organizations and it is unlikely that it would be achieved in ICAO, especially given the Organization's current financial concerns.
He postulated that by studying the causes of terrorism, States could better formulate strategies about how to deal with it.
286. Children, pupils and students with disabilities are granted wide range of rights lying in the creation of conditions for educating such children, pupils and students in conformity with their needs.
55. The estimate for training fees, supplies and services includes a provision of $302,600 for the training of approximately 2,574 Government of the Sudan police personnel in community policing, with special emphasis on camps for internally displaced persons.
37. The recommended amendment of rule 5 was submitted by the Chairperson and reads as follows:
(e) Improve the institutional coordination and the monitoring of MSS implementation plans.
In their nature, nuclear weapons are not only baneful but also completely fallacious.
We hope that the last issue still to be resolved -- that of the fund for the wounded and war-disabled -- will be settled fully and promptly.
However, the Committee regrets that the report was submitted eight years late, which hinders the Committee from ongoing analysis of the implementation of the Convention.
But in the Hudson, fish with the gene to make the mutant receptor have thrived, while those without it have died out, Wirgin notes.
Option 3: The project boundary includes the pools whose carbon content, which is under the control of the project participants and is significant and reasonably attributable to the afforestation or reforestation CDM project activity, is expected to be affected by the afforestation or reforestation CDM project activity.
46. Any such initiative would depend from the outset on a policy of transparency among Member States.
CW District Women's Health Promotion Programme
The role of parents and educators in education is also recognized by Decree Law 72/93/M of 27 December.
The Committee urges the State party to ensure that the Veddahs can return to and remain undisturbed on the lands from which they were evicted, in particular in the Maduru Oya reserve, to establish a state authority for the representation of Veddahs which should be consulted and should give consent prior to the implementation of any project or public policy affecting their lives.
Subprogramme 3
to the United Nations to the United Nations English
On 28 December 1998, the Committee submitted to the Council its report for 1998 (S/1998/1227).
Sub-Unit Commander (Ops Support)(Aberdeen Div)
Colombia is willing to participate actively in such a group and to make specific proposals, out of a desire to contribute to an improved United Nations and in particular to a Security Council that is balanced, effective, legitimate and responsible.
Immigration officers pay regular visits overseas to maintain close liaison with their counterparts abroad.
26. In its contribution to the General Assembly's High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development (14-15 September 2006), the Committee recommended that special attention be given to protect the rights of migrant women, in particular domestic workers.
When conflicts, tensions, or crises occur, the routine is a reassuring and familiar support, a reliable strand of our lives that won't change
:: Peak oil -- the economic problems caused by significant swings in international oil prices.
In the Northwest United States, however grey wolf is almost extinct a population of perhaps 30.
Through the Grants-in-Aid Scheme, the SWS provide technical and monetary support to Community Councils and NGOs, operating programmes of social care services.
That's more than two meter's worth of ice lost from a wall 164 feet high, said Thompson. That's an enormous amount of ice.
Generally speaking, these sites include suitable private land or land granted by the Lands Department through short term tenancy or temporary land allocation.
However, I must say that we still have a considerable road to travel before we can feel confident that our economic base is dynamic enough and as diverse as it can possibly be in a small place.
Like she's better than everyone else.
SAPICA
It was than allowed to thoroughly dry and dissolved in acetone.
The table also shows the extrabudgetary posts proposed for the biennium 2012-2013.
Results The  XHFV  NP gene in vector pCB 1 could be well expressed in mammalian cells.
Correspondingly, at COP 9 Parties will review performance reports for 2008 - 2009, and at COP 10 for 2010 - 2011.
This "ribbon" development increases the costs of infrastructure development and increases commuting times for residents because of traffic congestion.
Ang Nan
Concerned Women for America
Part 2 concentrates on the role of the database.
The report of the pre-session working group and the responses of States parties to the lists of issues and questions drawn up by the pre-session working group will be before the Committee (CEDAW/PSWG/2004/I/CRP.1 and 2 and addenda).
The General Assembly, in its resolutions 54/241 A and B of 23 December 1999 and 15 June 2000, respectively, appropriated for the United Nations Missions in Sierra Leone for the period from 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000 a total amount of $265,789,000 gross ($264,371,600 net), exclusive of voluntary contributions in kind of $1,550,020.
(d) To actively promote the rehabilitation of victims of trafficking by providing them with access to adequate physical and psychological care and services, including those related to HIV/AIDS, as well as shelter, legal assistance and help lines;
Until such a treaty comes into existence, we also urge the nuclear-weapon States to fully respect the commitments already undertaken in relation to negative security assurances and to withdraw the reservations and unilateral interpretative declarations of the additional protocols to the treaties that establish nuclear-weapon-free zones.
Then there were the primary school days when excitement was unfurling the national flag to hang outside the house.
6. In introducing the draft resolution, the representative of Mexico revised it as follows:
If global progress continues at such a snail's pace, it will take more than 130 years to rid the world of hunger.
Variance
The International Agency for Research on Cancer considers SCCPs (average C12, average 60% chlorination) to be possible carcinogens (groups 2B), although questions have been raised regarding the mechanisms for induction of tumours and the relevance for human health of the studies on which this classification was derived.
O-ver the summer sea, with light hearts gay and free.
146. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East:
If there is no other genuine option than to drive your car, then people will continue to drive.
Report of the Secretary-General on current global and national trends and challenges and their impact on gender equality and empowerment of women (E/2010/49) (General Assembly resolution 61/16 and Council decision 2009/210)
Well, look who''s out of the anemone.
Paragraph 7
Amended Protocol II to the CCW and other international instruments already adequately deal with landmines as an important ERW problem, a possible new regulation should complement the existing ones that would cover the ERW issue which has not been regulated yet.
Mouse gently a bit, brushstroke trades can finish.
This product is safe for infants. It is anti - bacterial as well as anti - viral.
The Bureau, as appointed at the eighth meeting of the Conference of the Parties, was constituted as follows:
Then, on the base of discussing the three levels of accompaniment texture and the three basic forms of patterns of accompaniment is order to emphasis the patterns of accompaniment own variation.
The detailed programme of work will be determined by the host Government in consultation with the United Nations country team.
:: Supply of 13.7 million litres of aviation fuel for air operations
 10. The evaluation team should consist of three persons and be led by a person of stature, familiar with multilateral technical cooperation, but not previously associated, as a delegate or an agency official, in the establishment of the new support cost regime.
But it has been found in herds in Canada, Argentina and Australia.
Discretionary job element Post adjustment
 The Security Council recalls that no individual should be arrested and detained on the territory of the former Yugoslavia for serious violations of international humanitarian law until and unless the International Tribunal has reviewed the case and agreed that the warrant, order, or indictment meets international legal standards.
The Government adopted, word for word, the legislation proposed and drafted with the support of the Team. Training was also provided to the Small Claims Tribunal Referees and Justices of the High Courts of Niue and Cook Islands.
There is no such a question of changing position.We have always stood for safeguarding the authority of the international non-proliferation regime and opposing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 Aware that those issues are particularly important for developing countries and economies in transition,
But the agreement fell short of settling differences over territorial claims or deciding exploration rights for other gas fields in the area.
 35. In addition to the above databases, which were programmed into the work programme for 1992-1993, three non-programmed additional databases for IBM-compatible and Apple Macintosh microcomputers were issued in October 1992.
Norway
2 Report of the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, 4-15 September 1995 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.96.IV.13), chap. I, resolution 1, annexes I and II.
Sorry, I didn't catch your name.
(m) At the request of the United Nations Volunteers, two White Helmets volunteers were sent to Guyana as observers during the national elections held in March 2001;
HolonyakJohn Bardeen  Holonyak  Holonyak Holonyak, now a professor of electrical and computer engineering and physics at the University of Illinois, said he suspected that LEDs would become as commonplace as they are today, but didnt realize how many uses they would have
19 December 2007
The man was also a valiant warrior, but he was a leper.
12. The President assigned two Mechanism judges to a Rules Committee, namely Judge Vagn Joensen and Judge Carmel Agius, who are also the Chairs of the Rules Committees of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, respectively.
RICHARD BILTON: So where does all this leave a community like Mull?
I'm afraid you will have to find a parking meter.
Law 11/91/M, of 29 August, which establishes the legal framework on educational system;
Prouhet–Tarry–Escott problem
Never play the joke about religious belief with him.
Agency services -- global/local and UNODC
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
The attention of the Council is drawn to General Assembly resolution S-23/3, adopted by the Assembly at its twenty-third special session, on 10 June 2000.
Please also clarify whether this policy complements or substitutes the five thematic areas of the expired "Women as builders of peace and development" policy (paras. 52 and 134).
In order to assist the parties in such situations, some jurisdictions have adopted laws designed to prevent the introduction of certain evidence relating to previous conciliation proceedings into subsequent judicial or arbitral proceedings.
 In our view, the purpose of the exercise should take precedence over procedural constraints relating to organizational and financial arrangements.
Also it had the function of reducing blood-lipid and blood-sugar.
Rule 39
Laos at the Olympics
It is a shameful scandal for mankind that so many must live in poverty while others live in extreme wealth.
" Cornelia cried, jumping up and grabbing his hand.
Trinidad and Tobago
He looked at her in amazement
Note by the Secretariat
While numerous countries have greatly improved their economic prospects, overall the forecast has been mixed, with an increase in income disparities among a number of countries in the South.
 48. Some progress has been achieved since my last report towards compliance with the recommendations of the Commission on the Truth.
The entire production evinces authenticity and a real respect for the subject matter.
Only a few words today and at that with pencil ( with yours ).
I wondered if Henry and Gates had really dated and, if so, whether any tension of either the good or bad sort lingered between them.
As part of the preparation of the 2013 annual ministerial review of the Economic and Social Council, a regional meeting was held in Bangkok on 13 March 2013 on the theme "Science, technology, and innovation for promoting renewable energy technologies for sustainable development in Asia and the Pacific".
The French supported euro membership, because they wanted the Mediterranean countries, including themselves, to be able to borrow at the same low rates as Germany on the capital markets.
It tries to offer the Apple experience at a better price with better functionality.
302. To oversee the conversion from the manual to the electronic roster while assuring that the Division's current projects proceed without compromise and to eventually manage a significantly larger, more diverse applicant pool and roster, a current post of Political/Electoral Affairs Officer in the Division would be reclassified from the P-2 to the P-3 level.
Li: Hi, Mrs. Brown, nice to meet you. Li: Yes, and I have a lot of questions to ask you.
 The amount of $606,885 shown in schedule 8 consists of:
Pending the outcome of the election of judges to be held at the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, a provision of $120,000 has been made, based on an assumption of payment of pension to four judges.
Original in Japanese
Students are taught conversation skills, personality development and traditional tea-pouring techniques, which convey elegance.
Put your chair forward a little and you will feel more comfortable.
This fall in illiteracy rates and (illegible) among females is attributable to the expansion of compulsory education and to the literacy programme introduced as an experiment by the Ministry of Education.
(E.B.White, American writer) There can be no economy where there is no efficiency.
Help us serve you better!
“Amnesty laws” of 1995
Contents
Gary Yohe: The bottom line for the economics of coastal adaptation, adaptation in general, is to think about managing risk.
Taking into account all of the relevant provisions contained in Articles 4 and 12 of the Convention and Articles [3 and 17] [2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 11, 17 and 18] of the Kyoto Protocol, [and reflecting provisions contained in appendix X to the annex to this decision],
"Uncle Richie and I don't play golf to win," my husband hedged.
(k) Ex gratia payments
Remarks:
4. To help States parties understand the Committee's interpretation of the rights protected under the Convention, the Committee had continued to work on five new general comments and, at its fifty-sixth session in January 2011, had adopted general comment No. 13 on the right of the child to freedom from all forms of violence; three more general comments were likely to be adopted at its January 2013 session.
Proposed reclassification of 1 Security Officer position from Field Service to National Professional Officer level
The two Parties shall appoint ambassadors and shall afford each other the necessary assistance with a view to the establishment and functioning of the embassies in their respective capitals.
We now have an assessment of the achievements of the first five years of the UN-NADAF, as well as concrete and specific recommendations for its full implementation.
The provision of bursaries by Zambia, for example, encouraged female students to pursue engineering and architecture education.
If required, this item can be taken up in a parallel session of the Committee of the Whole at any time during the Article XIV Conference.
1. Adopts the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism annexed to the present resolution, and requests the Secretary-General to open it for signature at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 10 January 2000 to 31 December 2001;
This morning, the Mayor of Port-au-Prince, Mr. Evans Paul, resumed his functions after having been prevented from carrying them out by attach\x{5ee5} and members of the FRAPH paramilitary group, who had threatened his life.
If these authorities have any care at all for their international reputation and standing, they will ensure that these broadcasts cease forthwith.
Under evaluation
It also has held joint stakeholder workshops with various organizations such as the Law Association of Zambia, the Zambia Association of Chambers of Commerce and Industry, the Chamber of Mines, the Manufacturers Association, and the Pensions and Insurance Authority.
Sepiolite which is of the highest specific surface area in nature inorganic mineral is used to treat wastewater for its good adsorption capability.
On the other hand, many Americans recognize the value of cooking skills.
Other staff costs
With regard to the liquidation of the Court's assets, the Secretary-General indicates in paragraph 50 that the Agreement on the Establishment of the Residual Special Court for Sierra Leone provides for a coordinated transition from the activities of the Court to the activities of the Residual Special Court.
74. In accordance with Human Rights Council resolution 22/13, the commission carried out its inquiry with a view to ensuring full accountability, in particular where these violations may amount to crimes against humanity.
46. Mr. El Naggar (Egypt) welcomed the Controller's comments.
Death sentences continue to be imposed and at least eight people have been sentenced to death since 2008.
As a now oil crop, the high oil corn has an expansive application prospect.
The percentage of poor underweight children under 5 is higher in rural areas (13.7 per cent) than in urban areas (9.6 per cent).
The failure to equalize electorates in different constituencies counted heavily against the winners, as it takes more votes to send a Conservative MP to Westminster than it does a Labour MP.
Despite continuous development efforts at the diversification of exportable goods by most member countries, the percentage of crude oil, gas and related products went up in 2003.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) had commended Nicaragua for its social policies targeting hunger.
Other requirements must be met, however, including the complete revision of current electoral registers and ensuring that all parties can campaign freely.
29. Although mission-critical systems like IMIS are already fully year-2000-compliant, the need for contingency planning is recognized by the Secretariat.
627/1995, Dokvadze
Speech causes body changes, and vice versa.
Reiterating that training activities should be accorded a more visible and larger role in support of the management of international affairs and in the execution of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
All, all, we all want to get beyond the goal post again.
Hundreds of thousands of street-children fill Kabul's bazaars and traffic intersections.
(b) Issuance of laissez-passer and other travel documents; travel arrangements for delegates and staff; shipment of official property; bulk consignments for conferences; removal of personal effects and related insurance requirements;
Whenever you come is ok to me, but youd better call me in advance.
During the reporting period, Kosovo was able to export energy at certain times of the day.
Features and databases of the Article 6 clearing house in phases I and II*
The old man died an easy death.
To further strengthen the partnership between China and Uzbekistan and expand and deepen the comprehensive mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields, Premier Wen Jiabao of the State Council of the People's Republic of China and Prime Minister Shavkat Mirziyoev of the Republic of Uzbekistan have instructed relevant government departments to formulate the Draft Five Year Action Program of the Treaty on Friendly and Cooperative Partnership Between the People's Republic of China and the Republic of Uzbekistan.
 32. According to some, trade restrictions against non-parties could be justified since non-parties do not have to implement measures aimed at meeting the targets of the MEA, and it would thus not be possible to hold that "the same conditions prevail".
:: Continue to build and amend the system of laws on gender equality, arrange communication campaign on gender equality, implementing the regulations effectively to change the situation, put the regulations into practice.
The revenue of the company dropped by 50 %.
Note by the secretariat
17. The national legal frame is generally in agreement with the international gender requirements, but the legal mechanism to protect women against discrimination is not yet defined. Normative and practical aspects are still incomplete with respect to implementation of requirements and creation of a legal mechanism to hold responsibility.
This is a staff-intensive process which takes approximately six months on average.
In order to keep our promise and provide hope, it is essential to learn from our past experience.
The three - nature of risk management is highlighted in the definition.
They further stressed that the Human Rights Council, being the expert inter-governmental body on human rights issues, should have an oversight role in reviewing the work of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, including its activities under country engagement and establishing its field offices.
In Emptiness, there are no distractions, just mindfulness.
She noted that the States covered by that decision were making progress in this matter.
She revealed her feelings in impetuous displays of spending.
People talking without speaking, people hearing without listening.
Your attention is drawn to Economic and Social Council decision 2000/218 entitled "Question of the realization in all countries of the economic, social and cultural rights contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and study of special problems which the developing countries face in their efforts to achieve these human rights", which was adopted by the Council without a vote on 16 June 2000 on the recommendation made by the Commission on Human Rights as contained in its resolution 2000/9. Germany was the main sponsor of that resolution.
It is our view that further elaboration on the so—called “Ambassador Dembri's package”, which has brought this body closer to a consensus than ever before, will enable us to overcome this unfavourable situation.
Because of China's big population base, the contradiction of the supply of labor force exceeding the demand will exist for a very long time to come.
Liu Ji , lifelong professor of the college , commissioner ofState Council , and famous ideological educationalist.
informal consultations
Progress report on implementation of decision 2002/4 on approval of country programmes
While they are happy to be in the Republic of Korea or Japan, they worry for the safety of their loved ones back at home, fearing that the families of those who flee the country face harsh punishments.
learn to pay no heed, disgusting things choose to ignore, hate the choice of shield, no man will not let me happy.
Kids may be sweet and adorable in their parents' eyes, but not everyone share that opinion.
Ideally, people living in poverty should be directly involved in any decision-making process (see section E below).
(a) The gender composition of constituted bodies and the bureaux established under the Convention and the Kyoto Protocol (see tables 1 and 2);
Although there has been a tendency to de-emphasize the role of the State in the economy through privatization and other measures, the State still plays a critical role.
Application for flag days in 2007-08 will close on 2 June 2006
Following the sea is the tradition of his family.
i. Foreign trade statistics of the Caribbean countries, including an analysis of trade and investment flows between the Caribbean and Latin America;
He will not fail you nor forsake you until all the work for the service of the house of the Lord is finished.
It found that the use of a court official rather than the court registrar in the above-mentioned search procedure was not unlawful, since the possibility of replacing the registrar with a competent official was provided for by law.
On the long-standing conflict in the holy land, Solomon Islands supports the work of the Quartet.
(c) Consolidating macroeconomic stability through prudent fiscal and monetary policies underpinned by effective expenditure tracking systems and an efficient public sector;
Lee Taek-keun
60. The strategy presently pursued by the United Nations would not achieve solid results as long as it maintained its current biased approach.
Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation
Priorities identified include: (a) teaching hazards and risk reduction in schools; (b) schools as centres for community-based disaster risk reduction; and (c) physical protection of schools from natural hazards.
20. Japan regards it as a primary task to reach an agreement on a programme of work at the Conference on Disarmament, thereby realizing the early commencement of negotiations on FMCT.
Therefore, the process of soliciting nominations, evaluating submissions, selecting and rewarding winners and disseminating information should be streamlined and strengthened, including more localized evaluation and verification of awards with international, national and civil society participation.
Where fundamental accounting assumptions are followed in financial statements, disclosure of such assumptions is not required.
If so, please describe these problems.
However, the absence of significant progress on key outstanding issues led to a serious blockage in April.
Hazardous Substances (Tracking) Regulations 2001 - these provide a system for recording the location and movement of explosives at each stage of the lifecycle.
Encourages the secretariat and the sponsoring agencies of the Global Terrestrial Observing System to implement the framework for the preparation of guidance materials, standards and reporting guidelines for terrestrial observing systems for climate, as a joint terrestrial framework mechanism between relevant agencies of the United Nations and the International Organization for Standardization;
29. In addition, Grenada submitted to the secretariat on 28 May 2010 a proposal for amendments to the Kyoto Protocol, in accordance with the above-mentioned provisions.
37. The dedication of parliamentarians is particularly noteworthy.
Asiatic Exclusion League
Article 35 The education administrative department of the State Council or the education administrative departments, the labour administrative departments and other related administrative departments of the people鈥檚 governments of the provinces, autonomous regions or municipalities directly under the Central Government shall strengthen their routine supervision over Chinese-foreign cooperatively-run schools, organize or authorize intermediary organizations to evaluate the management and educational quality of the Chinese-foreign cooperatively-run schools and publicize the evaluation results.
431. With regard to section 27C, Office of Human Resources Management, support was expressed for the proposed programme of work and level of resources, in particular under training programmes.
(b) Amend financial regulation 5.6 to read as follows:
Annual Report of the Director-General for 2004 (continued)
Reference was also made to bilateral agreements on the prevention of organized crime and to regional networks such as the European Crime Prevention Network.
(b) Observers for the following States: Australia, Belgium, Chile, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Portugal, Spain, United States of America;
And here, the GDPR should help, because it “introduces the concept of profile portability, whereby a user can move her profile from one service provider to another, like we do when porting our telephone profile – the mobile phone number – from one operator to another.”
Prof Morris also provides a fascinating account of the progress of two poles of civilisation.
Truckloads of clothes, utensils and medicines distributed;
The Government of Yugoslavia sent additional information on the status of the Bulgarian minority in that State.
Adoption of the agenda
It is a world beyond description by a stroke of the brush made of animal hairs.
Emphasis has been given to such key issues as HIV/AIDS prevention and gender-based violence in and around schools.
Here to recapitulate is a detailed list of the program characteristics.
39. The idea of utilizing the findings generated by the self-evaluation system in the programme performance report is not new.
The EU's overall support to Somalia amounts to more than Euro1 billion.
Many delegations, while noting that funding through bilateral and other means had increased, stated that multilateral funding should not diminish.
Home Secretary Amber Rudd would go even further. She recently called for UK-based businesses to list their foreign staff, in order to “name and shame” companies that do not recruit “enough” British workers.
Between the hours of midnight and 6a.m. the hurricane crossed the southeast correr of England with winds of up to 160 kph.
Objective To investigate the clinical and CT features of the patients with mixed stroke.
Paying for pollution
(d) Human settlements;
18. As it had at its sixty-third session, the General Assembly repeatedly stressed its concern about the continuing prevalence of violence against women and girls in a number of key resolutions.
Strictly abide by the company and molding department of various governance rail system and "molding department staff code" .
The orientation and focus of country programmes often reflected the availability of funding, rather than national priorities or needs, and the design and implementation of country-driven and inclusive country-level programmes were hindered by the dependence on funding from donor countries.
Administration of justice at the United Nations
" The general tore the handkerchief from his eyes.
An eyewitness identified the jeep's licence plate.
The mellow colour of the dawn sky caused him to write an inmmortal sonnet.
There are sometimes difficulties in finding suitably qualified independent consultants to sit on local project appraisal committees.
Once the newspapers start digging that up, it would be the kiss of death for our whole list of candidates for the city council.
Household Survey was also stronger than the expectations, but the outlook is gloomy: Household Survey shows that real spending in June fell -1.8% vs. -2.8% exp.
See annex I for a more detailed list of trade names and synonyms and section D of chapter IV below for considerations regarding precautions to take when using trade names in inventory exercises.
Observer status
The Antipathies, I think--' (she was rather glad there WAS no one listening, thistime, as it didn't sound at all the right word) `--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country is, you know.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
Tunisia
Swinburne's reflections on the relationship between man and nation are mainly embodied in two concepts: political freedom and true patriotism.
 My delegation also believes that each Member State should strictly comply with Security Council resolutions and provide the requested information concerning its nuclear activities.
His ex - wife did not want to comment on the ruling, a spokeswoman for her lawyers said.
She also points out that private-sector entrepreneurship takes different forms in different regions of the country.
Over the years, she heard many stories from her parents about the city where she was born.
He maintained that Chu's politics should be reformed and that it should unite with the other states to resist Qin.
The status of an injured person is regulated in articles 49-52 CPC.
Geneva, 13-24 October 1997
The second issue was connected with recourse to public policy as grounds for declining recognition as discussed in paragraphs 47-51 of document A/CN.9/732.
E-Tourism UNCTAD - in collaboration with the Economic Commission for Africa and in cooperation with ECOWAS and WTO - is designing innovative networking models to help local tourism stakeholders better organize and promote themselves.
" A cooperative of 56 local families runs the lodge, which began operations in 2002, and the business gives them a reason to keep the natural landscape pristine.
This mission, which gathered a great deal of information during its visit to Niger and appreciated the commitment of the authorities and various stakeholders in the peace process, drew relevant conclusions in its final report.
[3 August 1999]
Mr. Lidén (Sweden): In two months' time, our heads of State or Government are convening for what might well be the most important United Nations meeting for a long time.
The fingers must be active, but they must never reach out to the next note.
in case of emergencyModern scientific and technical books, especially textbooks, require revision at short intervals if their authors wish to keep pace with new ideas, observations and discoveries. to keep pace with new ideas, observations and discoveries
(b) Encouragement by parties: Parties to encourage research, development, monitoring and cooperation on existing levels of mercury in the biotic and abiotic environment (LRTAP Heavy Metals Protocol article 6, paragraph (a));
A distinct feature of financial institution changes in China is government's direct control.
Whether is artifice joint tenosynovitis smartly?
Local autonomy
No matter what happens we need to keep our faith and trust in almighty God.
3. Radio telephone feeds
An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of the accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
In the shorter term, in 2003, the aim is that the parties responsible for and involved in labour market policy (including municipalities, the UWV, the CWIs, the reintegration agencies, the social partners, employers and the Regional Labour Market Policy Platforms) should be made fully aware of the importance of dual courses and should promote their use.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to ensure equal treatment of candidates with equivalent educational backgrounds during the recruitment process, taking fully into account that Member States have different educational systems and that no education system shall be considered the standard to be applied to the Organization;
In addition, a relatively high number of women holds middle and middle-high ranking positions both in the public and the private sector.
Yet even though a way leads forth.
Let's not settle for second best.
He said there had been a fundamental shift in policy as well as language.
Hope is the miraculous ingredient that when added could keep our bond strong.
22. The Committee recommends that the State party ensure that all professional groups working for and with children, in particular judges, lawyers, law enforcement officials, social workers and personnel in childcare institutions, are adequately and systematically trained on the Convention.
Spain
Fifty-fourth session
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Israel, the Sudan, Barbados, Jamaica and Egypt.
He added that to continue reporting on LRA under the title of "situation of children and armed conflict in Uganda" failed to capture the true regional dimension of LRA activities.
68. In concluding the session, the President stated that the session marked the start of a new chapter for UN-Women.
10. At the time of drafting the present report, according to information available at OHCHR, the new contributions paid and registered by the United Nations Treasurer which are available for the ninth session are as follows:
The process of accessing funds for development assistance should be simplified and a more independent and transparent analysis provided of what constituted effective development aid.
Support provided by Annex II Parties and other organizations to developing countries for training national experts and promoting awareness-raising
At Hua Jia Yi Yuan, Mr. Hua and his invited arbiters must first select something that can actually be put on the menu and made for a profit
Really where we are now is trying to get those understandings and assurances that the North Koreans provided Chris [Hill], in addition to those understandings on verification, to get all of this on paper and codified at the six-party heads of delegation meeting.
H.E. Mr. Néstor Osorio
" Religion, " like " the arts, " is nothing but a basket category, for there isn't the slightest homogeneity therein.
Australia
Assessment of a child's best interests must include respect for the child's right to express his or her views freely and due weight given to said views in all matters affecting the child.
Why don't you just... give me the router?
Tour Pies Descalzos
In the coming "Hong Kong Currency" Special Stamps Issue, you can easily spot the unique characteristics of each selected currency circulated in Hong Kong during the past 140 years. The denominations are:
Related choices will need to be made once the form and legal nature of the outcome has been determined.
Permanent observation post troop days (1 soldier per post x 9 observation posts x 3 shifts x 366 days)
(c) In South Sudan, the further protection of civilians through the crisis that began in December 2013 (Security Council resolutions 2132 (2013) and 2155 (2014));
capital surpluspaid-in capital2.Capital received from investors for stock, equal to capital stock plus paid-in capital.
But I was new and I was young — it was to be expected I would have the hardest tasks.
101. It should be emphasized that my plan largely unlinks residency rights and the issue of reinstatement of property -- two aspects which have often been confused in public discussion.
2017 in Dutch sport
A multi-dimensional evaluation of development in Palestine
Demis Roussos
14. The Chairman was requested to continue informal consultations with the members of the Ad Hoc Committee and to report through the Ad Hoc Committee to the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
1Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol. I (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.94.XI.5).
I do not like the general atmosphere I find here.
He'll be tough on you if you bother him
In a while, I distinguished steps coming up the road, and the light of a lantern glimmered through the gate.
Auld Lang Syne is an old Scottish poem.
 Several agencies are collaborating in the preparation of a series of monographs on capacity-building.
During the reporting period, other special procedure mandate holders also looked into the situation of indigenous peoples within their respective mandates.
Technical cooperation and advisory services in Nepal
It contains information on the learning and career development strategy, and an update on efforts to improve gender representation, the representation of developing countries and staff health and well-being.
Also adopted, ad referendum, were rules of procedure designed to maximize participation by all stakeholders in the development of SAICM.
q The former Yugoslavia signed and ratified the Convention on 11 April 1980 and 27 March 1985, respectively.
Ambassador Taylor has also been Senior Government Representative on women's issues, and has represented Jamaica at regional and international women's meetings, including the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing
Marsh babbler
Certified true copies of the Agreement, of which the Chinese, English and Russian texts are equally authentic, will be prepared and will be transmitted to all States as soon as feasible.
"In view of the system-wide functions of the International Civil Service Commission and the Joint Inspection Unit, the term `United Nations' in the written declaration will be replaced by the words `United Nations and other participating organizations' and the word `Organization' will be replaced by the word `organizations' in the case of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the International Civil Service Commission and the Inspectors of the Joint Inspection Unit";
Reaffirming the commitment to the decentralization of authority and resources, as appropriate, as well as functions and responsibilities, to the level most effective in addressing the needs of the people, as called for in the Habitat Agenda and the Istanbul Declaration on Human Settlements and the Habitat Agenda,
1. Mr. Iosifov (Russian Federation), recalling that the 2005 World Summit Outcome had placed special emphasis on the establishment of effective and efficient mechanisms for responsibility and accountability of the Secretariat, said that the existing system had clearly failed to satisfy the Member States, to make possible a genuine assessment of how well the Secretariat fulfilled its functions or to ensure that those functions were carried out at the least possible cost.
Lining has won the first medal in man gym for China.
Our judgements on both procedural and substantive law now supply a foundation for all international criminal courts, and our success serves as a model for national prosecutions of those who commit wartime atrocities.
Invites the Secretary-General ... to consider establishing a working group of independent experts from, inter alia, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Health Organization and the World Intellectual Property Organization, which would reflect, in particular, on the possible follow-up to the Universal Declaration on the Human Genome and Human Rights and report to the Secretary-General within a period to be determined by him;
Contents
He looked up at the doctor and asked with a trembling voice, 'Will I start to die right away
1. Exchange of views with the High Representative for Disarmament Affairs and other High-Level Officials on the "Current state of affairs in the field of arms control and disarmament and role of the respective organizations"
There are 5,500 religious organizations, 100 religious universities and 140,000 sites for religious activities.
The aircraft was able to fly over the endless white plains without difficulty.
The Director of Immigration is advised through the Attorney General and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the list of suspected terrorists as they are released.
Saudi Arabia
The period of licence may be curtailed and the licence itself may be confined to specific types of weapons and ammunition or may be limited in accordance with conditions deemed appropriate on grounds of public security.
* Related reassignments.
United Nations registered:
"3. Stresses that closer engagement of Balkan States in cooperation arrangements on the European continent will favourably influence the political and economic situation in the region, as well as the good-neighbourly relations among Balkan States".
They departed at 0750 hours.
so, the story the kid-- sorry.
How active you are early in life may affect how able-minded you are late in life.
In a subsequent report, the Secretary-General drew the attention of the General Assembly to the fact that, "In order to ensure simultaneous availability of parliamentary documents in the six official languages on the United Nations web site, it would be most practical if ODS were made available free to the public, instead of enhancing the United Nations web site for that purpose since the web site is not designed to serve as the document repository system for the Organization". He underlined the need to revise the provision of General Assembly resolution 51/211 F on the ODS access policy, and suggested modifying the United Nations web site so as to provide direct hyperlinks to the parliamentary documents on ODS.
(NLG) payment)
"Take this ring," she said.
The Internet fosters economic freedom, brings about change and creates new job categories.
A party may appeal against a judgement or order of a local peoples court to the peoples court at the next higher level
He was ashamed to cheat, because he realized that it was shameful to cheat in the exam.
The chairmen and heads of districts and counties of national-minority area governments should be citizens of the minority nationality exercising autonomy in the area.
Analyzing and advising, on request, issues related to financial assistance;
Evidence of this in China today is all too prevalent.
The State party should guarantee the right of peaceful assembly and impose only those restrictions that are necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security or public safety, public order (ordre public), the protection of public health or morals or the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.
35. The Chairman said that, if he heard no objection, he would take it that the Committee wished to defer a decision on draft resolution A/C.3/54/L.84.
Saint-Maurice-du-Désert
Palestinians have been forced to leave more than 1,000 homes and over 1,800 shops in recent years, turning the centre of the city into a ghost town.
Refugee and internally displaced children
Chapter IV Reexamination of Patent Applications and Invalidation of Patent Rights
Want to buy Biscuits of various kinds in consumer retail sale.
The Committee's list of issues and questions is contained in CEDAW/C/CAF/Q/1-5 and the responses of the Central African Republic are contained in CEDAW/C/CAF/Q/ 1-5/Add.1.
And there is every reason to think America will once again regain its preeminent role as an American powerhouse.
Full powers are distinct from credentials.
Decision adopted by the Committee at its forty-eighth session, 7 May-1 June 2012
The experimental results show this method can effectively correct lens distortion of document image with various degrees.
Australia made recommendations.
The United Nations system accounting standards allow alternative accounting treatments for the recording of end-of-service liabilities, either through disclosure in the statement of assets and liabilities or the notes to the financial statements or in accordance with the policies of the organization.
Acai is packed full of antioxidants, amino acids and essential omega s (the good-for-you fatty acids).
Nothing is difficult
Civilian authorities generally maintained effective control of the security forces.
Recalling paragraph 62 of the report of the SecretaryGeneral, the Council underlines that progress should also be made on all the other issues identified in paragraph 10 of resolution 1701 (2006).
Do you have any other plans for the day I'll work on my computer.
On behalf of the Prime Minister and people of Jamaica, I therefore express our full support for the draft resolution to be adopted this morning, calling for the first ever United Nations ministerial conference on road safety, and hope that it will receive overwhelming endorsement from the international community.
I refer to my letter of 21 December 2001 (S/2001/1249) transmitting a report from El Salvador submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
Travel
Using the corporate facade as a cover for criminal activities
Amin Hashwani is the president of the Pakistan-India CEOs Business Forum, a group comprising Indian and Pakistani business leaders.
This is evidenced in the results-based budgeting framework for 2008/09, the resource planning assumptions and the budget cost estimates.
Turkey
The Committee on Eligibility is composed of eight members and is joined by an observer from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in an advisory capacity.
NBA adopts rule changes for new season 1 [center]NBA[/center]
The scandalous lack of democracy and transparency in the international financial system and its main institutions is more evident than ever.
When you are stressed, float a while.
(v) Cash management;
Unjustly inducing, abetting, or coercing a stockholder or an officer of a company which is in a competitive relationship in Japan with oneself or with a company of which one is a stockholder or an officer, to perform an act disadvantageous to such company by the exercise of voting rights, transfer of stock, divulging of secrets, or any other means whatsoever.
78. With a view to formalizing cooperation related to the Court's activities in Mali, a standard memorandum of understanding between MINUSMA and the Court is being finalized.
An effective set of investment incentives is needed to provide farmers with a predictable financial surplus and to encourage them to invest so as to raise productivity and diversify output;
Address bar
The complete list of items of which the Security Council was seized as at 4 June 2012 is contained in document S/2012/10/Add.22.
Industry
According to the complainant, several Kurds have been executed in the past year, or are currently on death row for supporting the armed Kurdish resistance.
Suriname's criminal law can be applied to anyone who commits criminal acts, as mentioned in article 4 of the Penal Code or as described in the Act on Narcotic Drugs (S.B. 1998 no.14).
Concerned in particular about the continued establishment of Israeli checkpoints in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and the transformation of several of these checkpoints into structures akin to permanent border crossings inside the Occupied Palestinian Territory, which are severely impairing the territorial contiguity of the Territory and undermining efforts and aid aimed at rehabilitating and developing the Palestinian economy, adversely affecting other aspects of the socio-economic conditions of the Palestinian people,
1)Preliminary report from the American Economic Mission now in Greece, and reports from the American ambassador in Greece, 2)collaborate the statement of the Greek government that assistance is 3)imperative if Greece is to survive as a free nation.
Exchange and Cooperation Centre for Latin America
Passengers shall be prohibited from carrying any dangerous article into a railway station or a train.
B:How do you do,Miss Lin
Lesson 46 Hobbies A gifted American psychologist has said, Worry is a spasm of the emotion; the mind catches hold of something and will not let it go.
Tokyo: Japan announces that it has developed low - cost synthetic substitutes for iron ore and coal.
4. Over the past months, the SDMX initiative has taken steps to strengthen its framework of standards and guidelines by:
Thus, the authors argue, the State party acted against its own medical and psychiatric advice in terminating home detention.
Charges for Use of Recreational Facility
Special additional for singles
So how is there any discredit in not being a power broker or a celebrity?
26 October 2001
Bergen Nunataks
I got the art of cooking from my mom, she is such a good cooker.
Election of officers
His delegation would have liked to see the right of return reflected in accordance with article 13 (2) of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Species / Study
During the past 12 months, Indonesia had blocked the negotiations under the auspices of the Secretary-General and rejected an initiative of the Prime Minister of Portugal.
The fort was divided into three layers, and an ammunition house and a barrack were set under the ground.
254. Decision C-184/03.
Leinster House, Dublin
The Penal Code criminalises the selling and buying of a minor defined as a person below 21 years old, for the purpose of prostitution.
 18. That phase was followed by one of technical assistance for the identification and formulation of projects aimed at the establishment of micro-enterprises or small businesses.
Each of you was selected by your district to be here.
(d) Decide on the organization of its work.
Last week, the Singapore Stock Exchange (SGX) bought a 5 per cent stake in the Bombay Stock Exchange, to build on SGX's position as a regional hub for derivatives and international listings, in addition to BSE's strength in India.
Universities Service Centre for China Studies
Concerning subparagraph (a), the view was expressed that only "gross" negligence or serious misconduct could be regarded as limiting the extent of reparation.
The International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes ("ICSID"), the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce ("SCC"), the ICC International Court of Arbitration and the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague, confirmed that, as a matter of principle, application of transparency rules in conjunction with their institutional rules was unlikely to create problems.
 In addition to government departments and the non-governmental sector becoming naturally better acquainted with each other, both sides have a better understanding of their complementarity.
German people with disabilities
62. Another controversial topic to be considered was the use in peacekeeping of new technologies, especially unmanned aerial systems.
On 16 September, the Federal Supreme Court invalidated the framework law of the Higher Judicial Council, a supreme administrative body of the Iraqi judiciary.
Letter dated 28 June 2000 from the Permanent Representative of Chile to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Young businessmen
Fiftieth session
Persons referred to in Article 2.10(4) of the Civil Code shall have the right to request the revocation of person's incapacity: i.e. the spouse of the person, parents, adult children, care institution or a public prosecutor, who, according to Article 19 the Law on Lithuanian Prosecutor's Office (Valstybės žinios (Official Gazette) No. 81-1514, 1994; No. 42-1919, 2003) having established the breach of the rights and legitimate interests of an individual, society, defends the public interest within the procedure and in cases prescribed by law at the request, proposal, statement or appeal of an individual, the state or municipal institution or body, or on his own initiative, as well as in the cases when officials, employees or other staff of other institutions, obliged to defend the interest, fail to take measures to that effect.
sensitive: adjective meaning 'to feel very deeply' or 'to hurt easily'
Joint Submission 9 (JS9) and FLD noted that human rights lawyers who represented human rights defenders or communities affected by human rights violations had been harassed and disbarred from their bar associations.
Develop a programme on environmentally sound management of hazardous waste and other wastes in urban areas.
For example, the Committee notes that in paragraphs 2.97 and 2.100, bodies that have completed their work have been included in the narrative.
New Zealand's concerns about compliance by other non-nuclear weapon States have been expressed in various forums, including at the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and in bilateral contacts.
Carefully place the fusible piece on top, matching it to the jacket edges. Cover with a damp cloth and fuse in place.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the reports of the independent expert on human rights and extreme poverty (A/61/465)
(Kazakhstan, Malaysia Report New Bird Flu Outbreaks)    Kazakhstans health minister says a dead swan found on the shores of the Caspian Sea in the west of the country died of bird flu.
Several countries have slightly amended the relief available upon recognition to align article 20(1) with domestic law.
And yet without the Audrey II, Mushnik's wouldn't make any sales.
The reports to the General Assembly contain information from entities of the United Nations system, including specialized agencies and international financial institutions, as well as an analysis of activities undertaken at the national level, and by non-governmental organizations and civil society.
The themes were considered particularly relevant as terrorism has become a growing threat for the subregion, while a number of countries in the subregion are preparing for elections in 2014, 2015 and 2016.
As the colony prospered, stresses in the communal arrangements grew greater.
Several large-scale telemedicine systems are now providing primary health and even cardiac care to rural populations.
We must be wholesome to survive. We must think and cultivate good causes and conditions to improve our state .
Contribution to activities of the Inter-agency Steering Committee of ACC for the World Decade for Cultural Development; and consultations with specialized agencies and regional commissions on matters related to the implementation of Economic and Social Council resolution 1990/85 on consumer protection.
Instead, you need to find a way of working with him.
Many provisions of the CBD concern access to genetic resources and fair access to any technology derived from them, whether or not these are covered by patents, etc. (arts. 15.7, 16.3 and 19.2).
Mr. Sigman (United States of America), referring to subparagraph 6 (i) of document A/CN.9/XL/CRP.9/Add.1 concerning the commentary to chapter IV, proposed inserting the phrase "if one did not previously exist" after "agreement" to make it clear that a new written agreement would not be required if one already existed.
"Recalling its resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, by which it established the Commission on Human Settlements and the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat),
As part of ongoing regional consultations, my Special Representative intends to visit other neighbouring countries in the coming months.
Reiterating the continuing need for UNMIL's support for the security of the Special Court for Sierra Leone, subject to periodic review as the Court's work progresses,
Most of the research and technology transfer activities in forestry in developing countries is carried out by institutions with an international mandate and scope whose perspectives differ from a much-needed national focus on industry and marketing.
Custody and guardianship
This, compounded by the establishment, without any prior education or training, of a multiparty system which gave rise to at least 46 political parties, appears to hinder any initiative aimed at achieving sustainable development.
To be permissible, restrictions must be provided by law, must be necessary in a democratic society for the protection of these purposes and must be consistent with all other rights recognized in the Covenant (see para. 18 below).
Vice-Chairs: Chile and Lithuania
My mood is influenced by working status, and I was so tired that want to sleep when arrived home. I was awake just a moment ago.
Because the farmhand was always hungry. B. Because the farmer's wife prepared three meals at one time
Ultra bright LED instead of light bulb, working life over 100 thousand hours.
The association also implemented a sustainable development programme in collaboration with the Global Environment Facility (GEF) in a district on the outskirts of Tunis. It involves the management of an urban park in the Ettahir administrative district.
5 February 2003
(a) Detailed information on the coverage of the social security system of the State party, referring to the branches enumerated in paragraphs 12 - 21 of the Committee's general comment No. 19 (2007) on the right to social security;
Child marriage; Professional conduct of law enforcement officers
At the same session, the General Assembly elected Ms. Mary Faherty (Ireland) as a judge of the Appeals Tribunal, to serve the remainder of the seven-year term of Judge Rose Boyko, for a term of office beginning on 28 January 2011 and ending on 30 June 2016.
Consistent with these obligations, United Nations support cannot be provided where there are substantial grounds for believing there is a real risk of the receiving entities committing grave violations of international humanitarian, human rights or refugee law and where the relevant authorities fail to take the necessary corrective or mitigating measures.
Some, however, are being offered double that to decamp to rivals.
59. The Chairman of the Task Force, addressed the resumed session on behalf of his colleagues on the Task Force and highlighted the principal recommendations contained in its report.
61. Restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields (P.61).
On the basis of this agreement, the Secretary-General wrote to the President of the Security Council, on 2 February 2009, informing of his wish to accede to the request and establish a three member Commission of Inquiry.
1995-1996 Completed a law course and attended court sessions at the Central Criminal Court in London.
The above Decree was never declared unconstitutional and therefore the detention of the author was in accordance with the requirements of the law.
In Firewall, a crime thriller, Ford plays Jack Stanfield -- a husband, father and head of security for a global bank who is forced to hack into the business to pay a $135 million ransom to free his kidnapped family
The provision per annum requested for 2005-2006 amounts to Euro19,500.
65. The United Nations, in particular the Security Council, bore special responsibility for finding a solution to the Israeli-Palestinian issue.
His desire for revenge had not forsaken him.
This will not be easy anywhere.
They require the right to speak their truths, the right to complain and the right to be heard.
- Act No. 88 of 1 March 2005 on biological security, Act No. 53 of 15 July 2004 on protection of the population and territory against natural and man-made disasters;
He has been posted to the Department of Legal Affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico and to the Embassy of Mexico in Costa Rica.
They circled over all regions of Lebanon before leaving at 1235 over the sea off Beirut.
1.15 - 2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 9
There is often very little understanding of the communal and kinship ties that often exist in these settings.
12. In Indonesia, the Ministry of Youth and Sports led several initiatives.
An anticipatory story is a trap to the teller.
Which brings me to the Conference on Disarmament.
23 pp.
Make it a priority to notice every time you complain or unnecessarily criticize.
Thirdly, the two sides agreed to strengthen dialogue at various levels, enhance exchanges and cooperation between their governments, parliaments, local governments and social societies, deepen mutual understanding and trust and carry forward the traditional friendship.
(ii) The creation of conditions that will enable developing countries and their media, public, private or other, to have, by using their national and regional resources, the communication technology suited to their national needs, as well as the necessary programme material, especially for radio and television broadcasting;
Qingdao Huanghai F.C.
"La Ley Modelo de Arbitraje Comercial Internacional de la Comisión de la Naciones Unidas para el Derecho Mercantil Internacional (CNUDMI, 1985)" (in publication).
:: Training of 80 HIV/AIDS peer educators
Rapid economic growth may lead to an overextension of resources and lead an eventual catastrophic meltdown.
"Believe me, I know it," I told him--and it felt good to say that to someone.
 An Analysis of the Proposed Uruguay Round Agreement, With Particular Emphasis on Aspects of Interest to Developing Countries.
Application forms received without registration fee will not be processed. Please do not send cash.
For mercuryadded products listed in Annex C, this subparagraph shall apply only to products that are manufactured or imported after the date on which this Convention enters into force for the Party];
After information is provided, some victims choose to go home, move (stay with a family member or friend) or opt to stay at the Safe House.
(c) The role of the United Nations and its Member States in the ongoing international discussions on reforming and strengthening the international financial and economic system and architecture (round table 3);
Let it dry completely.
(iii) Deferred income includes pledged contributions for future periods and other income received but not yet earned;
A couple of the songs I was playing you, and I really liked the way you played and your singing.
54. In 2012, numerous issues were brought to the attention of OIAI, including through a dedicated anonymous email address, known as the Integrity 1 hotline.
So they went together, taking their little child with them as well.
15. Interest income includes all interest from various bank accounts and investment income earned on invested funds.
The bright moonlight stowed the Taj Mahal in all its glory.
Ostroh Raion
- In Peru, the Foundation has worked continuously since 1992, having executed a total of 16 projects in priority sectors such as education and training, with a special emphasis on training women and setting up businesses in rural areas to develop the agricultural and rural sector through the introduction of new techniques and products.
The unemployment allowance based on the insurance system is followed by an assistance financed by taxes.
ALLEN: Do you want me to give you a ride?
4. Screening procedures for mixtures which may be flammable liquids (Class 3)
While the share of resource-based and low technology products in manufacturing exports declined in the former group, it was the share of medium technology products in manufacturing that actually declined in the latter.
Research related with online payment is extensive in our country but almost all research is based on bankcard.
One delegation requested confirmation that a special event would precede the Special Session, and wondered if the Executive Board would be involved in the process.
Article 20 A foreigner may, in accordance with this Law, adopt a child (male or female) in the People's Republic of China.
NARRATOR... She cast the spell in Sanskrit, an ancient language that the Emperor did not understand.
Results reviews based on biennium planning documentation
There are still some uncertainties in the situation at present. I believe the SCO and its member states will continue to support efforts made by the Afghan government and people.
Seoul International Film Festival 2007 Net Section Calling For Entries!
Lv icon
Iran's prosecutor said one of them went to Iraq and meet the head of the organization.
The first was that, when linking a file, pseudo helpfully unlinked any existing file of the same name.
Report of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation on its thirty-third session, held in Cancun from 30 November to 4 December 2010
At the curve in the road where his cab had caught fire, the interstate was streaked with black ash.
Per capita water consumption;
Zoque, western
She hoped that non-governmental organizations would be able help bring about an amendment to article 47 of the Constitution on the organization of political parties.
HIV risk among drug abusers does not arise only from injecting.
This equates to an average yearly investment of just over $1 trillion.
[All are invited to attend.
Recognizing the need to pay special attention to the needs of women, children and traditionally marginalized groups in the peace process, as mentioned in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and UNSCR 1325 (2000),
Share a memory about how you handled conflict or stood up to a bully when you were a kid.
13. The report recognizes the very low representation of women in the political arena, noting that in 2004 women's representation in Parliament stood at only 4 per cent (para. 0.23) and that there are only a small number of women holding senior positions in government (para. 4.8).
29A.13 Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 58/269, resources in the amount of $109,300 have been identified under the regular budget within the available capacity of the Office under subprogramme 1, for monitoring and evaluation activities in the amount of $78,600, comprising four work-months at the Professional level and three work-months at the General Service level, and $30,700 for consultancy services to administer the ethical behaviour self-assessment survey as established in the senior managers' compacts.
Cherry tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella cheese, basil, oregano.
The requirement for aliens and stateless persons to respect and observe the laws of Ukraine includes the obligation to comply with the rules for entry, stay, departure and transit in the territory of Ukraine, established in section III of the Act "on the legal status of aliens".
Noeleen Heyzer, Under-Secretary-General and Executive Secretary, Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
Sixtieth session
Some 37 additional police officers are expected to be deployed by the end of March 2008.
Friends of the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea (DOALOS) for the commemoration of the thirtieth anniversary of the opening for signature of the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law
The lack of such a treaty between the US and China is a glaring exception, with the unfortunate effect of limiting of US companies’ opportunities to participate in the rapid expansion of China’s domestic consumer market.
Addressing risk management for low-level disasters in poor communities;
III. Statistical data
if it spreads so you did not believe what you said.
What are the accounting criteria for a capital lease?
Brăhășești
You've done your homework. Or do you just know everything?
Second session
Stephanie Coontz teaches history and family studies at the Evergreen State College in Olympia, Wash. , and wrote "Marriage, A History. "
Send word twice please.
The Committee welcomed the information provided by the Gabonese delegation concerning the completion of the refurbishing of the building made available to the mechanism by the Gabonese Government.
The first screen of the wizard opens.
144. In cases Nos. 1209/2003, 1231/2003 and 1241/2004 (Sharifova et al. v. Tajikistan) the authors claimed that conditions of detention during the early stages of the alleged victim's confinement were inadequate. They were deprived of food, parcels sent by their families were not transmitted to them and their relatives were denied access to them.
(e) Supporting, inter alia, initiatives in the development of venture capital funds for investment in these countries in fields conducive to sustainable development.
As the drawer is pulled, a slidable track moves relative to a fixed track, and the upper cartridge shell is biased upwardly.
The Special Rapporteur indicates the necessity for States not resort to tax pressure to discourage associations from receiving funds, notably from abroad.
57. His delegation fully supported Economic and Social Council resolution 1999/63 and considered that the successor arrangements must build on the momentum and institutional capacity of IDNDR in order to ensure a swift transition to the proposed international Strategy for Disaster Reduction without threatening the hard-won gains of the developing world.
In its contribution to the present report, UNIDO stated that the transfer of skills and knowledge to member countries through capacity-building, especially institutional strengthening, forms a cross-cutting activity of fundamental importance in each of the three areas of its work: relating to environmental management planning, policy formulation and monitoring; reducing harmful emissions from industry; and pollution control and waste management.
*Data are based on ERC data as of 24 May 2012.
and more peole go abroad to have deeply education in the modern society,but such a man like that do not take advantage of anything any more as usual.
Fiscal stimulus is a tricky business.
The national training course for the Democracy Ambassadors, which lasted nearly two months, was held in six localities.
An invalid operation was attempted on an RPC pipe object.
16. Mr. Saha (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the related report of the Advisory Committee (A/62/7/Add.27), said that the Advisory Committee was recommending that the Fifth Committee should inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/62/L.27, additional requirements totalling $1,962,100 would arise under section 8, Legal affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009.
4. At the 52nd meeting, on 22 March, the Chairman of the Committee orally proposed a draft decision, by which the General Assembly would transmit the note by the Secretariat contained in document A/C.5/53/CRP.1/Rev.1 to the Committee for Programme and Coordination for consideration at its thirty-ninth session.
Therefore we should establish a community banking system covering both urban and rural areas that can weaken the dual economic structure particular to our economic development.
Medical care
To be sure, the fact that animals are thriving at Chernobyl does not mean that radiation is good for wildlife.
24. Notes the cooperation established between the Alliance of Civilizations and the Council of Europe following their signature of a memorandum of understanding on 29 September 2008 and the accession of the Alliance of Civilizations to the Faro Platform, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and the Alliance of Civilizations on the one hand, and the Council of Europe and its North-South Centre on the other, to pursue their developing and fruitful collaboration in the field of intercultural dialogue;
Eastern European States:
I haven't care what he said.
It is my desire that all the members of the  family  ( should ) gather once a year.
145. Also at the 23rd meeting, the Special Rapporteur to establish direct contacts with the Government and with the people of Belarus, Mr. Adrian Severin, introduced his report (E/CN.4/2005/35).
Twenty-fifth (2001)
6. Since women immigrants and their daughters were particularly vulnerable to discriminatory treatment, the authorities had developed a three-pronged approach, tailored to their specific needs, which focused on raising women immigrants' awareness of their rights; preventing domestic violence, female genital mutilation and forced marriage; and improving access to educational and employment opportunities.
Article 34 Installations and sites built for storage or treatment of industrial solid waste must comform to the standards for environmental protection prescribed by the competent administrative department of environmental protection under the State Council.
1998-present Member of the Advisory Board of International Organizations and the Law of the Sea Documentary Yearbook
We also provide a wide range of employment support and vocational training services for persons with disabilities, including selective placement services by LD to assist persons with disabilities secure open employment, vocational rehabilitation training by SWD and VTC, as well as re-training programmes by the Employees Retraining Board (ERB).
62. Arrangements for the proposed Peace Conference on the Middle East (15 December 1973; 15 December 1973).
Verify the style Slate is selected.
NEW DELHI – Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who has been in office since 2004, recently held what was only the second press conference of his current five-year term, which is rapidly approaching an inglorious end.
Implementation rate.
It is more likely he had back problems caused by his height (around 6ft 5in) and relatively sedentary lifestyle.
Within the scope of the e-facilitated trade strategy, ITC offered six e-trade bridge programme strategists' training workshops* and one e-business forum to more than 380 participants, 32 per cent of whom were women.
What is classics esophagus supersonic and enchanted graph examination?
Letters on allegations of reprisals were sent to the State party on 17 and 28 May 2013.
I'm talking about alcohol, liquor. The good stuff.
1. Expresses utmost concern at the high level of opium cultivation, production and trafficking, which involves, in particular, the diversion of chemical precursors, and stresses once again the serious harm that it causes to the security, development and governance of Afghanistan as well as to the region and internationally, and to the success of international efforts;
The United Nations Office at Nairobi has agreed to notify the Member States of its efforts to achieve full compliance with the recommendations.
Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle?
As he has previously noted, he believes that, in order to carry out his mandate, he needs to be fully apprised of anything that, directly or indirectly, intentionally or unintentionally, has adverse effects on the human rights situation in the country.
Moreover, it was suggested that the draft chapter should place greater emphasis on the freedom to choose the place of arbitration (in the host country or elsewhere, which would have implications as to the possibility of courts of the host country to intervene in the arbitral proceedings), the freedom to choose arbitrators and the confidentiality of proceedings.
The Working Group noted that article 108 was based on recommendation 245 of the Intellectual Property Supplement.
Just 5 minutes by taxi.
In 2002, New Zealand was honoured to participate in the Secretary-General's group of governmental experts on disarmament and non-proliferation education.
We welcome the recent expressions by a number of States, including some Annex 2 States, of their intention to pursue and complete their ratification processes soon.
IX. RELATIONS WITH THE UNITED NATIONS AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS
 102. No provision is made under this heading.
Please, come in. Join us
25. The use of young girls as domestic servants is common in many parts of the world.
80. An example of a collaboration between a government-financed programme in Mexico and a migrant hometown association (HTA) to stimulate economic opportunities for women occurred in the town of Tendeparaqua in the Huaniqueo municipality:
Dianova International
Or it could just be a rat.
Mérenvielle
Medvedev, a 42-year-old former corporate lawyer and longtime Putin ally, stressed freedom and the rule of law in his first remarks after taking the oath of office in a solemn, emotional ceremony in the Kremlin's glittering St Andrew's Hall.
The proposed resources for the United Nations Partnerships Facility are offset in part by the reduction of $1,229,600 under the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, including the abolishment of two posts (1 D-1 and 1 P-2) and the outward redeployment of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 General Service (Other level)) to the United Nations Partnerships Facility.
As we see it, verification is precisely the tool that is indispensable for establishing whether or not accusations are justified.
Metaphor is a complicated cognitive phenomenon as well as a very special language phenomenon.
12. With regard to the proposed amendment of the Secretary-General's prior recommendation regarding the survivors' benefits, should the General Assembly accept the Tribunal's proposal set forth in paragraph 10 above, the Secretary- General would concur with such a modification.
Despite recommendations made by the human rights mechanisms, some countries still used vague definitions of terrorism offences, creating the possibility of misapplication against political dissent, social movements and other acts unrelated to terrorism.
In addition, a telephone service has been set up providing guidance free of charge for girls and women who experience violence or the threat of violence.
The breakdown of PS and PG posts by country is found in Table II.1B.
At this rate we won't make youk before midnight.
In the markets, vendors sell 4)crystallized sugar skulls with 5)sequined eyes, chocolate coffins, 6)clay 7)skeletons. Death designs cut out of flowing colored tissue paper dance around the city.
23. Improve its knowledge of procurement activities throughout the organization (para. 260).
One could, of course, argue that the SGP should be scrapped, because austerity makes no sense when the eurozone faces the risk of deflation.
They started after him, but he outran them across the parking lot and disappeared around the corner, dropping the documents as he fled.
His white cloak was thrown over his face.
Some parties are held for a particular reason or have a certain theme.
The President: The Assembly has before it a draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 7 of its report. We will now take a decision on the draft resolution.
Jury selection begins today in O.
But measures of inflation that strip out volatile energy and food prices are decelerating.
He went sailing and did not show up for a long time.
You have a good night, Cole.
Thailand asserts that, upon their arrival in Thailand, the evacuees received a cash advance of approximately 250 Thai baht (“B”) each to assist with the cost of onward internal travel to their final destination.
There are now 70 labour inspectors and 10 assistants.
Such an assessment must analyse why people do not have access, identifying existing gaps, exclusions, barriers and constraints.
Gupo Island
They started quarrelling, The hatred between them became heavier and deeper.
In 1998, I received a scholarship to study for an undergraduate degree at Yale University.
I pushed the table aside.
It’s a seafood dish made from fresh raw fish marinated in citrus juices such as lemon or lime and spiced with chilli peppers.
 4. Demands that the Bosnian Serb authorities immediately cease their campaign of "ethnic cleansing";
In an extraordinary collaboration, Tsinghua joined forces with venture capitalists from Taiwan to start the U.S. company.
It is yours.
What's more, it has no nutritional value -- in fact, it causes your bones to lose calcium.
At 876.77, the S&P is down 25% this October and 43% below its 2007 record.
Police officers allegedly stole personal effects, including drugs, from the victims' home and threatened F.M. to keep him silent.
Jaws 2
63. The Committee was informed that procurement for the additional United Nations-owned vehicles and communications equipment would commence once authority to commit resources had been approved by the General Assembly.
On Friday, representatives of President Mwai Kibaki and opposition leader Raila Odinga agreed on a two-week plan for negotiations toward resolving Kenya's political crisis
Table 2
How nice the music sounds.
So don't forget as you ease on down my road.
(d) The Control of Money Laundering Law (2002)
One cannot be too careful in matters like that.
As policy changes unleash market forces, businesses will face greater competition.
49. Its not my fault
Non-discrimination and equality
The in-depth research found that the distribution of halophilic actinomycetes show apparent rule in different saline environment.
This initiative also aimed to improve Nicaragua’s capacity to respond promptly and effectively to emergencies.
(c) To add some case examples of implications of cumulative pressures in chapter 46;
Of course, longer electoral terms are risky, as they could enable incompetent and otherwise problematic leaders to remain in power for longer.
Those advances, termed operating fund advances, are provided to the implementing partners quarterly, based on the annual workplans.
Many agreed with the report on the benefits of joint programmes, which include the reduction in duplication of efforts, a greater understanding of other United Nations agencies' mandates, increased coherence for programme delivery, a broader range of partners and increased leveraging of additional resources.
A joint statement, with reference to their mutual cooperation, was issued following the first joint meeting (CAT/C/SR.802).
Accordingly, this part of the communication is inadmissible on the grounds of non-exhaustion of domestic remedies.
During its consideration of the reports, the Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information and clarification.
So   your mother's a cheater.
What aspect of your job is the most challenging, and what aspect is the most rewarding.
29 September 2009
The world of conservation has a similar phenomenon.
AUNEW Club offers its members a new health luxury fashion experience.
Table 5. Outstanding contributions to the Kyoto Protocol by year, as at 30 June 2008
Peru 0.085 0.095 0.099
If a foreign civil aircraft, not conforming to the provisions of the preceding paragraph, is entering or leaving the airspace of the People's Republic of China without authorization, the authorities concerned of the People's Republic of China have the right to take necessary measures to order the aircraft to land at a designated airport; if there is reasonable ground to deem that it is necessary to make an inspection of a foreign civil aircraft which operates in conformity with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the authorities concerned have the right to order the aircraft to land at a designated airport.
 For all the problems, Mongolia's democratic reforms are steadily gaining ground.
The difficulties of measuring the subprogramme's contribution to policymaking at national, regional and national international levels make monitoring even more challenging.
 Children have been abandoned or orphaned and often drawn into ethnic conflicts or fighting.
UN-Habitat and the International Labour Organization (ILO) have worked with the municipality of Kisumu, Kenya, to promote sustainable environmental management practices through what is known as a "purchasing power parity" approach with a focus on waste management and poverty reduction.
It’s debating — with ponderous slowness — whether maybe, possibly, it should consider trying to do something about the situation, one of these days.
She likes to drink fruit beverages containing citric acid.
Governments provide the legal and institutional framework for economic development through economic and institutional reforms.
Women's Health and Education Organization
It demanded that Israel fulfil immediately and unconditionally its obligations under the Fourth Geneva Convention and all relevant United Nations resolutions pertaining to the occupied Syrian Golan.
Espace Afrique International is an NGO founded in 1996, which was granted consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in 2007.
9-11 October 2015
Three members from each of the regions of the non-Annex I Parties, namely Africa, Asia and the Pacific, and Latin America and the Caribbean;
These guardians shall work through the global dream for humanity suspended by earth.
And the International Competition Network (ICN) produced a paper on dominance and State-created monopolies in 2007.
Stay calm and peaceful within the midst of uncertainty and change, and you will doing all that can be expected of you at this time.
The efforts described above will therefore continue beyond the successful conclusion of the three-year review.
As this suggests, the uninsured receive a substantial amount of medical care.
9. In rural areas, modernization should be promoted but sometimes in transitional stages.
Jeff: Pie and mash, that's is one of my favorites too and I know one of the best places to get it.
Chila
This is when facilities that produced mines in the past are converted to another use.
In the case of a file, you will be asked if you want to overwrite .
how can you defand him? he killed D.L..
"All that was left of them was ashes. This is something that nobody should have to go through. "
: If you are Chinese descent, you may pay tribute to the tomb of Huangdi (Yellow Emperor), first Chinese emperor
that is the same as different type, size, and capacity of capacitors.
Adobe Dreamweaver
 16. Expresses its outrage that the systematic practice of rape continues to be used as a weapon of war against women and children and as an instrument of ethnic cleansing and recognizes that rape in this context constitutes a war crime;
It was also proposed that the ideas contained in operative paragraph 3 should be formulated along the lines of section IV, paragraph 3, of General Assembly resolution 47/120 B.
My car sometimes jibs at a steep hill.
Environment Canada (1999)
A provision that would have addressed this problem was considered but it was decided that there was no need for a such provision since a move of central administration takes significant time and the concerned assignees could then take the necessary precautions; it was also noted that assignors would be unlikely to make such moves just for defrauding assignees by making a second assignment of the same receivables.
13 September 2002
- The film had almost finished when I got to the cinema.
I shall thus also address some topics today to which the German Government attaches great importance, which go beyond the scope of your present discussions.
principles on transparency, irreversibility, verification of nuclear disarmament, including data sharing, international monitoring system, consultation and clarification procedures, on-site inspections, registry
K: She could hardly move any part of her body little by little.
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, twenty-second session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
(iii) Redeployment of posts.
6. National institutions responsible for information exchange on chemicals should be created or strengthened, according to needs.
Deliberations and decisions
The meeting did not agree on consensual elements to be suggested to the General Assembly.
Asian and Pacific States: China, India, Japan, Sri Lanka;
Limit the risk in any one trade to a maximum of 10 and the risk in all open trades to a maximum of 25 of trading capital. (risk = pct of available capital).
Determining the meanings of the expressions "official" and "acts performed in an official capacity" therefore requires detailed analysis.
If it can happen in a South Africa where it is said the problem is so intractable, no country in the world can ever again have an excuse for not being able to resolve its problem.
A parent or guardian of a provider's child who is not employed and is raising the provider's child who is under 3 years of age in his or her family also has the right to a survivor's pension.
The Board recommended that UNRWA update its IPSAS implementation plan and ensure that it was approved; include all role players in the plan; and address the gaps in its IPSAS implementation plan identified by the Board.
Question: Will these people be allowed to bring their families with them to Germany?
Let's strive for our dreams.
 While recognizing the importance of the need, in view of its financial difficulties, for United Nations activities to be more cost-effective, we nevertheless believe that any steps taken should not be at the expense of the competence and efficiency of the staff.
18. The Preparatory Committee for the high-level review to assess progress made in addressing the vulnerabilities of small island developing States through the implementation of the Mauritius Strategy for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
United Nations
Ruby wasn't my favorite person, but I felt sorry for her when I saw her tearfully pleading with Crazy Jack Junior.
486. The Committee recommends that the State party adopt specific antidiscrimination legislation and increase awareness about international antidiscrimination standards among judges and other members of the legal profession.
As children our realm extended from our bedrooms in the rear wing to a vast kitchen.
My Special Representative received the Governor of Karbala and members of the Karbala Provincial Council.
Introduction
Developing global information and resource platforms such as BASESwiki is an essential precursor to any of these roles.
Share of females amongst UNOPS supervised personnel (staff and ICAs)
Rainforests and burned at such a speed that they will disappear from the earth in near future. A. cut   B. are cut    C. are being cut   D. had been cutever sincenext month
An especially serious problem was the outflow of the labour force, particularly of skilled workers.
Against exploitation, including sexual abuse - which includes all kinds of sex, even just touching in a sexual way, and even if there is no violence.
Similarly, in the water and sanitation sector, gender analysis has been undertaken in a relatively small proportion of country programmes (23 per cent); this represents considerable progress since 2005, however, when only 6 per cent of country programmes undertook a gender analysis.
(b) Multi-stakeholder discussions on the theme from an integrated perspective.
11. The second recruitment campaign for the KSF Reserve Component was conducted between 20 February and 23 March 2012.
Current, in-depth knowledge of trade and investment that is available in beneficiary countries may not always be known about or used to the fullest in UNCTAD events.
Given the growing complexity of business operations and of issues that boards have to deal with, the investing public would be interested to know whether members of the board of the enterprises in which they have invested or plan to invest in have advisorship facility to seek external expertise, or have been undertaking professional development and training activities.
Facilities available in the meeting areas are:
"The EU takes its relationship with China very seriously and views China's development as an opportunity," Verheugen said in a meeting with Jia Qinglin, chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), China's top advisory body. Verheugen told Jia that the EU and China can create win-win results and that the EU hopes to expand bilateral cooperation, particularly in such areas as the environment, climate change, scientific research and technological innovation.
"Is it a very beautiful vessel?
Mount Beazley
(c) Field projects that contribute towards equitable access to urban basic services and the standard of living of the urban poor
The recommendations of the Committee for reductions should therefore be regarded in that context and be subject to refinement on the basis of experience.
Shouldn't you be getting somewhere by now?
When youre talking something over with him, what you think and what you say are pretty much the same thing..
Why are there missing parts?
She is one of a handful of mothers still playing on the WTA Tour, returning last year after giving birth to Jagger with the specific goal of playing the Olympics.Sadly for her, injury has forced cut short her singles dream, but the doubles remain on her radar
With the generous support of the European Commission, several European countries, Canada and other development partners, UNFPA is working to reduce the gap in reproductive health commodity security for 2005 and beyond. Efforts will focus on commodity procurement and distribution as well as capacity-building at the national level and coordination mechanisms.
Tom added a spoonful of sugar to the coffee.
I love you so much, and nothing is going to change that.
195. Special Commission 1 expended its efforts to the utmost to fulfil the responsibilities mandated to it.
All rapporteurs emphasized the importance of being able to publicize their work through various media, including the written and broadcast press. This was considered essential in terms of being transparent and open about their activities.
He had fixed on that number because it represented the sum of his and Sonya's ages.
In this forum participate all the Demo Christian women and supports the program of the Demochristian Party.
State party
I would assume that the latter of the two versions sounds more credible to most.
(c) Ghana had decreased CFC consumption by over 60 per cent from 1995 to 1996;
It underscores the role and importance of major groups, non-governmental organizations and the private sector in the promotion of sustainable development.
Information was provided on a range of measures taken to address violence against women, including strengthening legal frameworks, adopting dedicated policies, reinforcing prevention action; efforts to prosecute perpetrators and protect and support victims; and initiatives to enhance research and data collection. A. International instruments, legislation and the justice system
Let us remember that we can do these things not just because of wealth or power, but because of who we are: one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
That is somehow characteristic of United Nations actions.
On 5 December 2011, two F-16 and two Cougar Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations three times and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus twice.
50. One question concerned which groups receive rehabilitation services.
Member (and Vice-Chair for 2003-2004), Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, 2001-2004 and 2005-2008
If the crisis worsened with GDP growth decelerating substantially globally, this would put at risk some of the development gains of recent years.
Its powers emanate from that role and not from any inherent right.
13. Precise, regular, good-quality article 7 reporting can help States parties in the implementation process and in resource mobilization. It can also serve as a basis for all other reports that States parties are required to submit in relation to the Convention.
At this juncture, Rwanda still believes that the major interest shared with the General Assembly is to find an amicable conclusion to the ad hoc mandate of the Tribunal.
You've gotten your pound of flesh.
(e) Constitutional and legislative systems that fail to provide adequate and effective guarantees of freedom of thought, conscience, religion and belief to all, without distinction;
The Committee notes these developments and trusts that information on the results achieved will be submitted in performance reports for the missions for 2010/11 (para. 72)
To this end, Zambia wishes to see tangible progress on a number of significant collateral disarmament measures that would put us on the road to general and complete disarmament under effective and verifiable international control.
He is never late for work.
11A.64 *The resource requirements of $4,242,600 would provide for: (a) staffing requirements of $3,496,600; and (b) $746,000 under non-post requirements, including: $226,300 for general temporary assistance to provide support related to the United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries; $173,800 for consultants; $48,000 for ad hoc expert group meetings; $217,299 for travel of the Special Coordinator and his staff; and $80,700 for the cost of printed material, in particular the Least Developed Countries report.
Report of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on its reconvened fifty-fifth session (E/2012/28/Add.1)
Hawaii is very important to the United States because it is a major source of income due to its tourist business.
A. Financial management
137. The Special Rapporteur expressed her appreciation for the useful and constructive comments made by members, stressing that the Commission worked as a collegial body, and the comments made enriched the discussion and would be taken fully into account in her future work.
73 bis. The launch of reflectors for the illumination of parts of the Earth’s surface also has a potential negative impact on biological diversity.
Electronic notice boards for meetings were recently installed in the General Assembly Lobby and at the garden level adjacent to the Cafe Austria to display updated information on scheduled meetings taking place at Headquarters.
The reasons for this are analysed below.
Cousins have been showing me around the city for these few days.
72. The Board recommends that the Tribunal monitor closely all movements of assets and update the asset records accordingly to ensure the accuracy and completeness of information, as required by the Financial Regulations and Rules.
ln fairy tales or in life?
Cities and towns in Vorarlberg
Jérôme Eugène Coggia
It also supported the initiative taken by a number of Member States to set up a rapidly deployable mission headquarters unit, as well as other measures proposed in order to increase and strengthen the rapid deployment capacity of the United Nations.
I feel bad  about us not having dinner with the family,  but our schedules are so different
Markov
(d) Observers for the following non-governmental organizations: Arab Commission for Human Rights, Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development, Asian Legal Resource Centre, Association for World Education, Canadian HIV/AIDS Legal Network, Centrist Democratic International, Commission to Study the Organization of Peace, European Union of Public Relations, France Libertés: Fondation Danielle Mitterrand, Human Rights Council of Australia, Indian Council of South America, International Federation of University Women (also on behalf of the Pan Pacific and South East Asia Women's Association), International Humanist and Ethical Union, United Nations Watch.
eliminations Total for the period 1 July 2010-
Support for the Palestinian people (resolution 316 (XXVIII))1
Media personnel who wish to proceed to the third floor media liaison desk in the General Assembly Building will be required to use the ramp located on the east side of the General Assembly Building and the staircase within the neck area to the third floor.
(a) To increase technical and financial support to those countries in order to identify strategies to combat soil parasites of essential crops using alternatives to methyl bromide as defined by the Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee within the context of integrated pest management;
149. In case No. 1163/2003 (Isaev and Karimov v. Uzbekistan) the author claimed that her son was beaten and tortured by investigators and thus forced to confess guilt in the murder he was accused to have committed.
She also noted collaboration with UNFPA towards a "bill of rights" for women and children.
Emerging issues
DESY
/2. You can also comment yourself saying what you like about the new style: I like the cut
(2) An agreement under article 31 (3) (b) requires a common understanding regarding the interpretation of a treaty of which the parties are aware.
45. Continue with current activities and efforts to ensure that the establishment of democracy and a democratic culture of governance in the country are firmly entrenched and made sustainable through completion of the institution and capacity-building process and the process of enacting various laws and regulations as may be required by the Constitution (Indonesia);
Is it true that there are many factories for making cloth in the United Kingdom?
No professional organization has the right to jeopardize State security, under penalty of prosecution.
Distr.: General
(a) Strengthening crisis prevention and resolution through a range of measures to enhance the effectiveness and coverage of surveillance;
(i) at least in one animal effects on the cornea, iris or conjunctiva are not expected to reverse or have not fully reversed within an observation period of normally 21 days; and/or
LC: Banking (Amendment) Bill 1999
65. At 1030 hours, an armed terrorist group abducted Warrant Officer Muhammad Musa Khalil on the Dar`a-Shaykh Miskin road while he was going to work.
It was beastly cold.
But most of these attacks are driven by a mix of misconceptions and questionable claims of harm by Google’s competitors.
Schedule of meetings
Do you work in the day - time or at night?
Cuba fully endorses the statement made on behalf of the Group of 21 by the Ambassador of Ethiopia this morning.
b Estimates by the World Bank, April 2007.
A United Nations study, which estimated that an increase of 1 per cent in absenteeism is equivalent to the same increase in salary costs, underscores the need to enforce existing rules and regulations on sick leave (especially uncertified sick leave) and other leave entitlements.
338. The Board reviewed the fund code reports and the reports available on KK, and noted that there was no discernible improvement in the reporting process.
The insult gave her pride a black eye.
A further communication shall be made, through the same intermediary, on the date on which it terminates such derogation”.
840s
The storyline had me horrified, but yet I pressed on in morbid curiosity.
Agenda item 118
- European Law Students Association (ELSA) Trade Law Seminar and lectures at the International Maritime Law Institute (Valetta, Malta, 16 - 17 February 1998). V. INTERNSHIP PROGRAMME
(Gabon)
But one of the young men told Abigail, Nabal's wife, saying, "Behold, David sent messengers from the wilderness to greet our master, and he scorned them.
But many of those projects are still waiting to be implemented.
US agricultural exports threatened some Mexican farmers, but others were able to boost their exports – and profits – to the US.
It was time to include the IAEA Technical Cooperation Programme under the Agency's regular budget in order to ensure predictable funding and, in general, to treat peaceful uses of nuclear technology on an equal footing with the Treaty's other objectives.
JIU/REP/2009/6
46. While the Non-Proliferation Treaty recognized that States had the inalienable right to develop, research, produce and use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes, and that each State was primarily responsible for its nuclear safety and security, IAEA played a central role in facilitating effective implementation of safeguards standards.
These fees, classified as reimbursement for services, are shown as trust fund support related to reimbursement for services in table 1 and are referred to in paragraphs 8 and 19 of the present report.
The scope and content of standards of compliance -- reasonableness, progressive realization and maximum available resources -- will now be gradually clarified.
14. In a number of incidents, Israeli security forces have opened fire on unarmed civilians while they were crossing checkpoints or during routine patrols.
No, I think you have food allergies.
The observance of environmental norms has also become a key element in the preparation and implementation of international disarmament and arms limitation agreements, and it has become necessary for the international community and its organizations to pursue this important matter in accordance with the agreements adopted at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development as well as other, prior agreements.
Other supplies, services and equipment
If there is no objection, may I take it that the Assembly agrees to this proposal?
I would actually like to begin with the very excellent question from the representative of Indonesia, regarding where the new START treaty is on the continuum towards a world free of nuclear weapons, towards complete nuclear disarmament, because that will allow me then to take up the question that the German Ambassador raised regarding the actual elimination and destruction of arms under this treaty.
(e) Statement of the means whereby the individual or entity acquiring the explosives will control them, as required by the competent military authorities.
The building has been made over into a school.
Tom disappeared under the bed just in time.
The Chairman indicated that the offer would be considered as needed.
Thursday, 22 October 2009, from 5 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room C.
November 2009
:: Developing a survey methodology and tool(s);
It can't all be housework.Daisy: Why don't we go to the health club?
The Court also notes that
231. The age of civil majority is 21.
Zeus, sitting on his throne, saw with alarm how strong man was becoming.
It looks poorest when you are richest.The fault-finder will find faults in paradise.
A final threat critical to the future stability of nations around the world is the increasing proliferation of small arms and light weapons, which, as former Secretary-General Kofi Annan recently emphasized, are tantamount to weapons of mass destruction in slow motion, capable of destabilizing countries and entire regions.
For nutrition indicators, performance in relation to international Sphere standards was also assessed.
SOME MEN DREAM THE FUTURE. HE BUILT IT.
The Nordic countries agree with the statement in the report that the responsibilities for diversification will rest first and foremost with the national authorities and that mobilization of national resources is a key element in the diversification process.
III. Due process
Most ingenious. The old closet ploy.
Rapid growth in peacekeeping budget and personnel
Civilian police selection and assessment team
It is in our common interest, and it indeed is our moral obligation, to help the Palestinian people achieve their national rights.
6. At the field level, a number of concrete actions were taken by the United Nations country teams in Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine.
Promoting community organizations and action;
As a result of global efforts, millions of babies born each year are saved from the mental impairments of iodine deficiency disorders (IDD).
The effects of zinc on cardiac lesions induced by over intake of vitamin D
Alan talked about Rome as if he were a Roman.
Sanctions for domestic violence were provided for in the general criminal law, under which only serious domestic violence constituted a crime.
6. The fact-finding team was the first United Nations mission to visit Kismaayo since the fighting began in mid-2006.
Having concluded its consideration of communication No. 1136/2002, submitted to the Human Rights Committee by Mr. Vjatšeslav Borzov under the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
(e) Increase the availability of vocational training programmes for young people, with the view of facilitating their access to the labour market;
114. Law no.9970 of 24.07.2008 "On gender in society" has provided definitions for "Harassment due to gender", which is any form of undesired behavior, related to gender of a person and which intends or/and brings as a consequence infringement of personal dignity or creation of threatening, hostile, humiliating, or insulting environment.
Training needs of the secretariat identified and addressed
Merits cases
As President Clinton has said, within 30 or 40 years, when there will be no single race in the majority in the United States, "we had best be ready for it.
The nation's various education departments have established teacher education and training programmes with a view to increasing the numbers of teachers available and generally raising professional standards.
Objective To explore the pre-transplant impact factors of acute rejection after kidney transplantation in order to provide clinical basis for the prevention of acute renal rejection.
to attend to sb. Is anybody attending to you, MissYou may divide cyber retailers into three subsets and attack each with a different strategy
15. Decides to continue consideration of this issue under the relevant agenda item when the report of the 2008 Social Forum is submitted to the Human Rights Council.
Regulation 12.5
8. Recommends that the United Nations system, on the basis of the positive experience of youth participation in the work of the United Nations, inter alia, at the World Summit on Sustainable Development and the special session of the General Assembly on children, continue to provide opportunities for dialogue between Governments and representatives of youth organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council through forums, open-ended dialogues, meetings and debates;
I should also hope that we may proceed to adopt without a vote those recommendations that were adopted without a vote in the Second Committee.
4 February 1997
Mrs. Ok (Turkey): Since this is my first statement here, allow me, Sir, to congratulate you on your election as Chairman of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
The Government of the Sudan stresses its irrevocable commitment to achieving a comprehensive political settlement in Darfur as soon as possible.
I didn't really care what it was as long as there was some kind of competitive element included.
That makes it impossible to forget,which is great for him,sucks for you.
We believe that it was broad consensus that made possible such major accomplishments as the holding of the first session of the Human Rights Council, the launching of the Democracy Fund and the establishment of the Central Emergency Response Fund.
Application and technology essentials of vacuum evaporation film used in power helix TWT are summarized.
In a call to Mr. Dimon, Mr. Paulson reluctantly agreed to bless a higher price.
All sweetness and light to your face but then she never does anything
High temperature resistant rubber sealing ring.
This thesis is an original experimeiuon cross rolling bar surface deformation byimpressing - picture grid method.
Reconciliation of reserves and fund balances from regular resources
Each day at 11 a.m. and noon, the clock's doors open and brightly-colored wooden dancers perform as the clock sounds the hour.
Regulation of Mother-Father-Child Relations Act;
Estimate 2010-2011: 15,000 downloads
Sometimes you do not know where you are going to end up from one click to the next.
Xi'an love in all walks of life, their real actions, another interpretation of a difficult one, P Plus assistance, the traditional Chinese virtues.
Instability in the past decade has been a major stumbling block to peace and development, and has resulted in the squandering of opportunities for recovery.
IMO
Obstacles to universal access include systems constraints, insufficient resources, and stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV and groups most at risk of HIV infection.
As for me, I am also available for a short - term lease.
Saint-Julien, Hérault
On its website, the Public Expenditure and Financial Accountability (PEFA), a partnership between the World Bank, the European Commission, the International Monetary Fund and various donors, showcases the PFM Performance Measurement Framework, which provides information on measurement and monitoring of public financial management performance.
For this reason, the members of the association benefit from credit funded for by UNIFEM when they banded together in Matuba Association.
2 September 2010
10. In Asia, the need for a regional backup facility to serve as an RCU for the implementation of the Convention in the region was raised in a resolution adopted at the first ministerial conference held in Beijing in May 1997.
State of Palestine
You should refuse to do it.
Gateways to China Trading Ports of the 18th and 19th Centuries
There will be an informal open-ended meeting of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs and Heads of Delegation of the Non-Aligned Movement with the Group of 77 and China (Joint Coordinating Committee) on Wednesday, 22 September 1999, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
12. The Participants reiterate that the Afghan Government will have special, significant, and continuing but declining fiscal requirements that cannot be met by domestic revenues in the years following Transition as has been estimated by the World Bank and the Afghan Government in preparation for the Tokyo Conference.
Regional Arab Centre for Research and Training on Women, Family and Development;
Because of the fire from the Israeli soldiers, they did not dare to leave the house and look after Rouhiyah al-Najjar.
The magistrate may require the husband to reflect further before taking a decision.
I chose brown as my company's color even though that's not common at all.
1. The topic “Reservations to treaties” was included in the Commission’s agenda in 1994.
The present session provided an opportunity to work on those issues in a results-oriented manner.
"He has made me so happy," said she, one evening, "by telling me that he was totally ignorant of my being in town last spring!
He agreed with the Advisory Committee that the approach used in the context of the establishment of the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund might also be applied to the financing of strategic deployment stocks.
An evaluation of the respective advantages and disadvantages of the negative-list and positive-list approaches for addressing mercury-added products under the mercury instrument might take several considerations into account, including:
But perhaps it isn't true.
Finally, UNDP, WHO and the United States President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief released technical guidance on improving the quality of programmes for MSM and measuring their impact for practitioners in national entities, NGOs and municipalities.
' And they will think you are crazy
Terms and Conditions
The wind blew everything off the table, tablecloth and all.
“There are other places where there are real safety issues, ” said Barbara Risman, a sociologist at the University of Illinois who studies adolescent gender identity.
Critics, however, say doctors are sometimes too quick to give medicine instead of more time for talk therapy.
a Twenty-one temporary positions will be abolished owing to the partial drawdown of the post-earthquake surge capacity (see para. 55 below).
a As at 15 August.
Not to trample on their dignity.
“If the member State serving as Chair or Vice-Chair resigns, the Committee may hold a special election to fill the position so vacated.
Get more done on less money.
115. The SBSTA initiated its consideration of the issues related to land use, land-use change and forestry (LULUCF) as referred to in decision 2/CMP.7, paragraphs 5, 6, 7 and 10, with the aim of reporting to the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol (CMP), at its eighth session, on the progress made.
Installation of CarLog and fuel log system in all United Nations-owned vehicles
Since developed countries already maintain low tariffs, the lower coefficient would have negligible impact, except possibly a few sectors.
A. The right to health framework 17 - 24 6
This thesis is dedicates to discussing how to build an experiential brand.
The decision to include those indicators of achievement under subprogramme 2 was lauded, as they were essential for the participation of developing countries in future peacekeeping operations.
It may consider such questions on the basis of:
ST/ESA/SER.A/257.
In the method the fundamental breach of contract research should adhere to type subsumption approach.
The Ministers had reaffirmed the urgency of promoting industrialization as a dynamic instrument vital to the rapid economic and social development of developing countries.
Among the health objectives for the 2000-2010 period proposed by the Ministry of Health (the national goals to be achieved by the year 2010), the sexual and reproductive health objectives are: to reduce reproductive inequality; to reduce the incidence of induced abortions; and to reduce unwanted teenage pregnancies.
All the above-mentioned production units shall, in accordance with the relevant regulations, strengthen control over finished and semi-finished gold and silver articles in their production process.
Reiterating the principles of the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development and of Agenda 21, and recalling the recommendations and conclusions contained in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development concerning transport for sustainable development,
(e) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the annual report of the Executive Director of the World Food Programme for 2007;
Apply as much force as it necessary.
Arabic, French, English (spoken-read-written).
Luxembourg
These countries are at various stages of their peacebuilding processes and the Council is invested in ensuring that the Commission's engagement in them yield tangible benefit for its populations.
Subparagraph (d): [B1] More information is needed on the implementation of the principles enshrined in the Criminal Procedure Code with regard to the recording of interrogations conducted at police stations and detention centres, such as the proportion of police stations and detention centres equipped with recording devices, and the proportion of cases in which recordings are actually made.
L:But a two-year-old car should still be under the manufacturer's warranty.
At any rate, the expansion of the Security Council must not be executed at the expense of transparency and accountability.
Second, availability.We are working with Microsoft to deliver high availability on NT servers
Needless to say, this is an outrageous display of disrespect and contempt towards the United Nations, the Security Council and the will of the international community.
(e) On 19 July 2007, in the debate on the Agriculture Appropriations Bill in the Senate Committee on Appropriations, Senator Byron Dorgan (Democrat, North Dakota) introduced two amendments on the sale of agricultural produce and medicine to Cuba.
Affected buildings : 14
Measures taken on technical cooperation and assistance
Of course both of these uses of placebo draw on the fact that a placebo is a fake drug.
111. The Committee requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report detailed statistical data, disaggregated by crime, geographical location, ethnicity and gender, on complaints relating to torture and ill-treatment allegedly committed by law enforcement officials and on the types and results of cases of police and other law enforcement personnel accused of torture-related offences, including those rejected by the court, and on the compensation and rehabilitation provided to the victims, if any.
The number of humanitarian field personnel has increased eightfold, human rights work at the country level has grown dramatically, and we have been called on to support over 100 national elections.
Room S-226
Donald Gee
The United Nations General Assembly has for many consecutive years adopted with an overwhelming majority resolutions demanding that the United States end its economic, trade and financial blockade and embargo policies and laws against Cuba, the most recent of which is resolution 65/6 of 2010, adopted with 187 votes in favour.
Uranus is now in Pisces and rules creativity, chaos, rebellion, and all events that are unanticipated.
Because of these winds, unfortunately, we had to do some serious excavation to get all of our gear out of a large mounded snowdrift.
Friday, 7 October 2005, from 1.45 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room E.
FCC Secretary C'
Next to the hole was a nail, to which a bell rope was fastened.
None of the intended uses were considered to present an acceptable risk as regards operator exposure and the environment.
In 2002, the department arrested 769 drug offenders and smashed 20 drug distribution centres.Total seizures included 11.57 kilograms of heroin, 29.52 kilograms of ketamine, 29 174 tablets and 0.93 kilograms of MDMA ('ecstasy'), 382.59 kilograms of cannabis, 26.01 kilograms of methylamphetamine ('ice'), 6.32 kilograms of cocaine and 40 067 tablets of other psychotropic substances.
You'd better tell you embassy, too.
7 (1) (g)-2 Crime against humanity of sexual slavery
In 1998, the Althing passed a parliamentary resolution approving the Government's fouryear plan on gender equality, which is currently being implemented.
Furthermore, in our opinion, the transactions of the funds of the High Commissioner for Refugees that have come to our notice or that we have tested as part of our audit have, in all significant respects, been in accordance with the Financial Regulations and legislative authority.
Corrective or preventive actions taken to control the project performance.
279. As part of the mechanisms for overseeing the conduct of public servants of the Office of the Attorney-General of the Federal District, 547 surveillance cameras were installed in 2008 at strategic sites on the premises of the prosecution divisions, making it possible to prevent assaults on the physical integrity of persons detained pending their appearance before the public prosecutor and to check the service provided to users in general.
Hillary:Iraq war Bush's responsibility Hillary Rodham Clinton said Sunday that President Bush has made a mess of Iraq and it is his responsibility to "extricate" the United States from the situation before he leaves office
Like Father, Like Daughter Over the past 50 years more and more women have entered the work force.
Agenda item 62: Social development, including questions relating to the world social situation and to youth, ageing, disabled persons and the family (continued)*
The country is in chaos, countless children are starving and people are killing one another in the streets of Mogadishu, the capital, for a handful of grain.
By stressing the very important qualities of self - disci - pline and good management.
The Mano River Union and the United Nations teams in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Guinea and Côte d'Ivoire have also selected youth employment as one of the areas on which to focus their work.
:: The Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination should increase information-sharing and cross-referencing, and consider joint consultations and production of joint recommendations;
Ms. Emma Weekley
What follows here is a brief review of the Panel's initial report to the Open-ended Working Group and the Working Group's discussion of the issue.
On that basis, Somalia had requested postponement of any action by the Committee on the issue of the Party's establishment of regulatory measures and submission of a plan of action.
The Committee requests the State party to continue to disseminate widely, in particular to women's and human rights organizations, the Convention, its Optional Protocol, the Committee's general recommendations, the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, entitled "Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century".
Wohlenschwil
Original: English
The method was illustrated by experiment on plain laser paper to combine relative contrast and color contrast to obtain optimum solid density of printing.
"Every edition of a printed periodical publication shall contain the following details:
He was elected by the members of the Transitional Federal Parliament of Somalia on 10 October 2004 after three rounds of voting.
Durban, 28 November to 9 December 2011
A.10.1 The amount of $2,791,800, reflecting an increase of $358,200, provides for nine posts in the Professional category and above and six General Service posts (1 Principal level and 5 Other level).
201. While the context of the losses amid recent turmoil in the financial markets and the global recession was understood, the Representative of the Secretary-General for the Investments of the Fund was urged to provide additional details on the underlying realized gains and losses, as well as unrealized positions, to improve transparency of reporting.
4. Ala'a Hamdan El-Shaer
The growing incidence and increasing impact of natural disasters will also require dedicated attention, both with respect to prevention and mitigation and with respect to humanitarian response and post-disaster rehabilitation and recovery.
At present, ICRC is not in a position to state that it has been granted access to all of them since it has never regularly been notified of new captures.
The settlement of the conflict has thus taken on an international scale.
With the excessive and fallacious use, the pesticide residues in food or environment, however, cause a lot of ill-influence on human's health.
Here we are again, bro just you and me.
We continue to believe that disarmament and development are two distinct issues that do not lend themselves to being linked.
Want me to sit with you Want another drink
27. At the sixth plenary meeting, on 18 September 2003, the meeting considered the submission of requests under article 5 of the Convention.
372. UNDP informed the Board that, for implementing supplier performance at the country level, the necessary software was required.
Mirror coating (Al + MgF2) was optimized for enhanced and normal incidence reflection in the 900-1,500 angstrom band.
The European Union is committed to promoting democratization through its own cooperation programmes in several areas, such as the rule of law, the effective participation of people in the democratic process, the role of civil society and the development of a stable human rights culture.
The world has seen significant progress in this respect since the adoption of the Monterrey Consensus.
A Service Level Agreement is a contract between a network Service Provider and a customer, which defines the terms of types of services, quality of services and the customer payment. A typical SLA includes the following items:
Israel will further elaborate on that subject when the General Assembly takes action on the relevant draft resolution.
8. The Lithuanian Red Cross Society (hereinafter referred to as the Society) is actively involved in dissemination of international humanitarian law within the society.
I downloaded a free trial version of Adobe Premiere Pro, an $800 product intended for professionals.
The Action Plan covers all forms of violence and determines where there is currently special need for action: in strengthened provision for female migrants, women with disabilities, in healthcare and in the earliest possible prevention.
3. Requests the President of the General Assembly at its fifty-third session to serve as ex officio chairman of the ad hoc working group and to convene an organizational meeting of the ad hoc working group not later than January 1999 to decide on the modalities referred to in paragraph 2 of the present resolution and to develop arrangements for the effective direction and functioning of the ad hoc working group;
Cultural heritage belongs to not only one country and one nation, but all mankind as well.
70. African Nuclear-Weapon-Free-Zone Treaty (resolution 52/46 of 9 December 1997).
B. Innovation statistics and indicators
"Good-bye, friend," said the fox."Remember next time don't trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
1982, Cambridge University, Faculty of Law, England, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
57. Welcomes the initiative of United Nations Radio, which remains one of the most effective and far-reaching traditional media available to the Department of Public Information and an important instrument in United Nations activities, to enhance its live radio broadcasting service by making more frequently updated reports in all six official languages and features available to broadcasters on a daily basis on all United Nations activities, and requests the Secretary-General to continue to make every effort to achieve parity in the six official languages in United Nations Radio productions;
Informed that a number of Libyan officials to Khatib pledged to cooperate fully with the UN Human Rights Council recently authorized the investigation team to Libya investigation.
Survival - Reduced 40%
The list of speakers will remain open until noon on 15 October 2012.
To make matters worse, many of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies are more concerned with the protection of intellectual property and patent rights, while Africans are threatened with decimation by the lethal nexus of HIV/AIDS and other opportunistic diseases.
Shanxi Lu'an Environmental Energy
In 2007 his delegation had expressed the view that the list of categories of treaties the subject matter of which implied their continued operation during armed conflict was problematic, and it was not persuaded that moving the list to an annex had resolved the difficulties.
The company said its new range of Churchills would use tobacco grown on plantations in the Dominican Republic, Peru, Nicaragua and Ecuador.
To this end, the Office is coordinating a working group on NHRAP and has conducted seminars and socialization campaigns since 2004.
That was a danger-close fire mission right there. On the money.
Each time you truly contact with the painting, you will feel all the borders are ablated.
That still doesn't answer my question.
He suggested that the Committee should briefly postpone a decision on the matter until it could consult with the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee.
a For the period 29 April 2005 to 30 April 2008.
2. There was a wide consensus that peacekeeping and peacebuilding should go hand-in-hand, namely, that planning for peacekeeping should already include elements of peacebuilding even if the initial priority should be given to the stabilization and security dimensions of the mission, which are paramount.
I also believe things run more smoothly with less formality
II. Technical cooperation and assistance activities
chief, foremost, prime, main, leading The principal aim of this plan is to find a way to help students improve their study habits
Many of those that have been killed were shot in the back by the Israeli occupying forces, a fact reflecting the extreme brutality and indiscriminate nature of Israeli assaults, using live ammunition and all means of heavy weaponry, against defenceless Palestinian civilians.
These are mainly cultural, structural and financial.
86. There is also scope for referencing the corporate responsibility to respect human rights at the United Nations Global Marketplace, the website for suppliers to the Organization, and in the registration process for potential vendors to the United Nations via the portal, as well in the regular briefings on the Global Compact in business seminars conducted by the Procurement Division.
The cooking appliance segment will also exhibit the fastest pace of increase through 2010.
They may be either governmental agencies, i.e. State organs (usually a department or unit within the competent ministry of a member State), but also non-governmental organizations.
39. As for the topic of the responsibility of international organizations, he noted that the Commission had asked States to comment on draft article 43.
Lan Kwai Fong 3
FIVE NEW SPECIES OF CHRYSOPILUS FROM SHAANXI ( DIPTERA: RHAGIONIDAE )
66. An indigenous representative of the Palestinian Bedouins referred to the attempts by Israeli forces to displace the Bedouin tribes by demolishing their homes and confiscating their land, in order to expand Israeli settlements.
8935 Beccaria
Secretary for Constitutional   Mainland Affairs Stephen Lam has written to the Equal Opportunities Commission's chairman to underline the importance for the commission to carefully consider observations and recommendations in a Director of Audit's report.
Document considered in connection with agenda item 13 (j)
Stegastes apicalis
We hope that a new United Nations decision on this matter will lead to increased awareness of the current unjust policy against Cuba and help put an end to it.
Promote local and needs-oriented capacity-building activities for adaptation at all levels, including through specific targeted training, and technical and financial support for adaptation assessment and the development of adaptation plans;
The representative of Morocco agreed that there was no consensus to close the application.
Random Access Memory is the fast-access memory that is cleared when the computer is powered-down.
Consequent upon the opinion rendered, the Working Group requests the Government to take all necessary steps to remedy Mr. Prueksakasemsuk's situation and bring it into conformity with the standards and principles set forth in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
1. The Covenant does not require the separation of church and state, although countries that do not make such a separation often encounter specific problems in securing their compliance with articles 18, 26 and 27 of the Covenant.
Recently, ther is a heated debate in our society
Article 20 The damaged or soiled Renminbi shall be exchanged in accordance with the regulations of The People's Bank of China, which shall also be responsible to recall and destroy such Renminbi.
As you wave a device over the USB-attached mirror, you can trigger applications and multimedia content automatically.
1. The International Labour Office has continued during the last year its work for the elimination of discrimination in employment and occupation on a number of grounds, including those of race and colour.
12. §The following does not enjoy our support:
Why don't you teII everyone about how you keep your Ieft socks in your Ieft drawer and right socks in your right drawer.
With respect to subparagraph (h), it was suggested that the square brackets around the phrase "the consignor" should be lifted and the text retained since, although the draft convention did not concern itself with matters of agency, it was thought to be good policy that the carrier should not be held liable for acts of the consignor that caused damage to the goods.
The term "age of majority" is defined in Norway's first periodic report in compliance with the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, paragraphs 5790.
The fact that Mr. Abdi continues to be detained although he has served his criminal sentence approaches his case to category I, but it cannot be said that the deprivation of liberty is devoid of a legal basis.
The conference adopted the Kampala Declaration on Prison Conditions in Africa.
The interim report provided information on the work of the Panel in assisting the Committee in the implementation of its mandate during the reporting period.
Regulation No. 88. Uniform provisions concerning the approval of retroreflective tyres for two-wheeled vehicles. 10 April 1991
Zimbabwe is very much a victim.
Accelerator physics
Djibouti
TV Shinshu
In addition to systems contracts, the Team handles regular contracts and contract amendments/extensions (approximately 30 per year).
Those who took time off ranked second (19.6%) followed by those who were hospitalized (15%); and 16.8% did not receive any treatment.
Dyer Point
It's Black Friday, a day unofficially designated the start of a holiday shopping season.
It is therefore recommended that the Government of Iraq review its procedures in that regard and issue "promptly" the necessary visas, in conformity with the letter and spirit of the relevant provisions of the memorandum of understanding.
56. Recognizing that South-South cooperation needs more consistent support in the form of capacity-building and finances (decision 5/COP 6), SolArid, provides a platform for the establishment of a permanent network for the exchange of experience in resource mobilization strategies for UNCCD implementation.
The term of the Council is limited, and will end when a transitional government is established after the elections to be held in January 2005.
It would be useless if you possess the language ability, but insufficient cultural knowledge to have a proper conversation with the Chinese nationals.
Eighth session
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to room S-2940
The decision of the court was never officially pronounced to the author, he was not explained the possibility to appeal against the decision, and the closure of the court's session was never announced.
Partnerships and country team coordination
Article 5 of the Convention requires Parties to develop action plans on measures to reduce the total releases derived from anthropogenic sources of each of the chemicals listed in Annex C of the Convention, as well as strategies on the identification of contaminated sites and their remediation in an environmentally sound manner, among other things.
Telomeres, the specialized structure of chromosomes ends, consist of tandem arrays of DNA repeats and related proteins.
In order to pay tuition fees, I started to work part-time, such as tutor, salesman, repairman, and so forth,as soon as I got into the university
If only wishes coul be dreams.
From 1 January 1993 by 6.1 per cent in the acceding territory (Pension Adjustment Ordinance dated 8 December 1992);
Contact me by telephone.
International cooperation to address money-laundering based on relevant United Nations and other instruments
Through wet desulfuration, coal-fired power plants reduce air pollution of the smoke.
Official travel, training
13. Poverty remains endemic.
The religious confessions enjoy of the right to continue its religious ends freely, to possess and to acquire good for the materialization of its objectives.
No. No. You don't understand. Clark's not like us.
 (b) Options for the revision of the indicative planning figure programming framework;
She stated that UNFPA had already taken action to seek support to build its capacity in those critical areas.
Poverty-reduction goals, especially for the youngest and for other marginalized populations, are a main priority.
Salmonella ituri
16. Reaffirms its previous decisions concerning the role of the Codification Division of the Office of Legal Affairs of the Secretariat and those concerning the summary records and other documentation of the International Law Commission;
2.5 In January 1996, the parent of a neighbour, a nurse in the Châteauneuf centre, informed the author that her son was being held there, as he had been transferred to Mustapha Bacha hospital for 21 days with four broken ribs.
7. Ms. Dairiam noted that the Ministry of Justice had concluded that there were no directly discriminatory provisions in national law. However, the State party's report acknowledged that women had suffered disproportionately as a result of wars and economic crises.
He smoked the snakes out from the hole.
Camborne and Redruth
THL Simplified Phonetic Transcription
And this presence will continue to manifest with the coming of Jesus Christ.
According to testimony received, such activities include armed guarding within Israeli settlements in the West Bank; provision and maintenance of equipment of checkpoints associated with the wall and its related systems, and the provision of systems; and personnel directly related to the detention or imprisonment of Palestinians in the Occupied Palestinian Territory and in Israel.
Greeks Bearing Gifts
Under salaries tax and personal assessment you may claim a deduction for elderly residential care expenses that you or your spouse have paid to a residential care home for thecare of a parent or grandparent. A person who is chargeable to tax at the standard rate is also entitled to the deduction.
NGO participation in the NPT review process
United Nations bodies and non-governmental organizations have come together to brainstorm on ways to develop a global initiative to end rape in war.
High-level Political Conference for the Purpose of Signing the United Nations Convention against Corruption
Year 2002
Technical cooperation activities have direct linkages with UNCTAD's comparative advantage, are demand-driven and supply-responsive, and are tailored to specific country, regional and global needs.
an initiative between three of the largest developers in the country, all with extensive experience of urban regeneration schemes.
In Asia and the Pacific, global POPIN continued to provide technical support and assistance for the maintenance and updating of the web sites of the UNFPA country support teams for the South Pacific and Central and South Asia.
:: The "contributions receivable from State Parties with respect to 2011-2012" disclosed as Euro826,852 corresponds to the status of 1996-2012 contributions to the Tribunal.
412. Restructuring the social sector to promote equality and social integration requires political will, an effective State, and sufficient financial resources.
 At a time when our Organization is entering a decisive phase in its history, with the upcoming celebration of its fiftieth anniversary in 1995, the issue of arms control and disarmament is still one of mankind's major concerns.
The nature of these reactions means epigenetic processes are susceptible to chemical intervention in a way that genetic mutations are not.
This committee owes an apology. Apology, Senator!
Assistance will be also provided to strengthen the role of traditional means of communication for disseminating information to local communities.
Still, his relative detachment at the New York Fed should shield him from ultimate blame for a crisis that few in mainstream economics saw coming.
The Government of Burundi reaffirms, in plain language, its determination to continue the Burundian peace process on the internal and external fronts.
Iraq requests the Security Council to implement paragraph 22 of resolution 687 (1991) forthwith, without any new restrictions or conditions.
204. Emphasizes the need to mainstream sustainable coral reef management and integrated watershed management into national development strategies, as well as into the activities of relevant United Nations agencies and programmes, international financial institutions and the donor community;
Most important , big science must coexist with little science and they must promote each other.
Role of the Companies Registry
Energy exploitation for SA needs
(b) Draft Resolution (A/52/L.17)
Her delegation had always supported the work of the Special Representative.
301. With respect to the issue of the Carmichael Road Detention Centre, the delegation said that the addendum to the report addressed a number of issues raised by Amnesty International and by other delegations.
96. At its 9th meeting, the CMP took note of the SBI conclusions on this item. XIII. Matters relating to Article 2, paragraph 3, of the Kyoto Protocol
If the ADT was used for comparison, answers should be weighted because some questions were more important than others.
The performance curves from simulation are compared with the experiment and they agree well.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to the State of Qatar for its efforts to that end.
Expressing concern that new information and communications technologies have made it possible for criminals to contact children easily and in ways that were not previously possible,
Compared with last year, this year's academic papers were more exhaustive and practical on research subjects.
The Standard Rules and the Special Rapporteur continue to raise awareness about the human rights of persons with disabilities and to stimulate positive changes in various parts of the world.
In a revised appeal issued yesterday in support of the Pakistan Red Crescent Society, the IFRC outlined a plan to provide humanitarian assistance to over 900,000 people over a period of 18 months.
MetLife closed up 1.15 usd at 29.72 after Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the stock to 'overweight' from 'equal-weight,' primarily due to the sharp decline in share price in recent weeks.
Telecomplect made an advance payment to Sohryu.
575. Phase I of the Euro-Asian Transport Links project ended in February 2008 with a ministerial meeting where ministers strongly supported phase II of the project and established the Group of Experts on the Euro-Asian Transport Links.
Service-sector industries throughout the EU must be opened up.
Miss Chadwick wrinkled up her forehead and looked rather like a perplexed Boxer dog.
To be held on Wednesday, 24 June 1998, at 10.30 p.m.
The State has included the issue of child trafficking in its Poverty Reduction Strategy and National Strategy for Economic and Social Development.
Furthermore the ongoing global and financial crisis threatens to reverse the gains made in recent years.
He stated that the 30 per cent annual increase in Chinese imports in recent years was helping other countries, especially in Asia.
How far is it from here to the train station?
Children are trafficked for many different reasons: prostitution; paedophilia; forced labour or services; begging; involvement in criminal activities, including petty theft and drug trafficking; illegal adoptions; and removal of organs.
El Hassane Zahid (Morocco)***
The show breathed new life into his tired soldiers.
Subdivisions of Colombia
As a result, Doctor Octopus could snarl and sneer realistically during the film's acrobatic rooftop fights.
all three periodic reports submitted to the Committee so far on implementation of the Convention
So it will take some time for the market to sift through all the luxury expansions that are currently in the works.
Last Friday, i visited the aquarium of our city with my classmates amd spent a meaningful day there.
S. military presence in the Pacific, especially the extent that a U. S. presence in the Pacific is an alternative to a more robust Japanese military presence.
One possible priority would be to address the communal conflict issues originating in Rakhine State.
Where will this additional money – perhaps as much as another $500bn – come from?
If you must know, I'm here to help jake set up his room, So he feels like nothing's changed.
During the latter, the Secretary-General had presented a broad vision of the causes of conflicts that required preventive measures.
4. Lastly, there is a view held in certain circles that Fund— and Bank—supported adjustment programmes have made the economic and financial situations worse in countries, and thus by implication have rendered more difficult the full enjoyment of human rights.
This will require incorporating the UNCCD into the development arena.
Any other State Party which requests to do so shall be entitled to take part in the consultations.
(d) To monitor and review the measures taken so as to assess their impact and to take appropriate action.
But still the search carried on, and I had to sit there in hospital, knowing they wouldn't find anyone alive.
'This is a high-tech product but the retail price is going down, and for TV makers there is little chance to make profit in this business.
The custody and other legal measures shall be as provided for in the law of that State Party but may be maintained only for such time as is necessary to ensure the person's presence at criminal, surrender or extradition proceedings.
The Scarecrow: There is nothing to fear, but fear itself!
Agenda item 64
Net requirements X.
Khabarov's ruffians had stumbled on the homeland of the new ambitious rulers of China.
A fee-paying public carpark for the parking of licensed motor vehicles (excluding container vehicles with their trailers or chassis attached); or
There is ample evidence from eyewitnesses, as well as photographs and films, further substantiated by the statements of a number of diplomatic missions accredited in Azerbaijan about the systematic acts of vandalism by the Azerbaijani authorities.
I had better push on with my homework.
You can have a  and a huge GPA and not be ready for the workplace.
Keep some things to yourself and don't promote havoc by hurting people you love.
These acts of provocation and aggression represent a grave breach of the ceasefire in force between the two countries and are a flagrant violation of Iraq's territorial integrity and the principles of good-neighbourliness and friendly relations between States.
And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate
UNU, Council, fifty-sixth session [General Assembly resolution 3081 (XXVIII)]
And, to be sure there was no undue inducement, they approached only women who had already decided (in order to help another woman's fertility) to sell an egg.
The situation is, at least in the case of Tuvalu, urgent.
36. UNOCI focused on sensitizing national and international partners on my campaign to end violence against women, in particular in the context of an upsurge in sexual violence in the country.
This has had a profound influence on me, and I too have been actively engaged in its activities.
Hamlet went to the king and queen to tell them that he would like to invite them to a play the next evening.
He was sure he was wearing them when he entered the store. He clearly remembered thrusting them into the pocket of his coat
Can you indicate what budget you are prepare to allocate for the vessel?
650. Some of the measures implemented which will contribute to the reduction of these barriers are:
The four advertisements will be in use as from next month.
The common module will provide all the scholars with an overview of the observation of the Earth and its environment from space and the use of data collected in such a process in atmospheric and terrestrial analysis.
54. Mine-clearance assistance plans were in place in conjunction with the mandate of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda (UNAMIR) prior to April 1994.
Nuclear dangers, including through the accidental or unauthorized use of nuclear weapons, have only increased.
Then, scour every aisle of the store for reduced priced groceries.
It was anticipated that the Secretariat should enter into a service delivery agreement with the International Computing Centre under financial rule 105.16 (a) (iii) on cooperation with other organizations of the United Nations system.
Servicing of intergovernmental and expert meetings would be affected, as well as the timely preparation of publications on ocean affairs and the law of the sea and publication thereof on the website.
People who aren't Shutterfly members but are invited to be members of a Share site (by the site's owner) can post anything other than photos, including comments, calendar entries and polls.
With experience, the planning process is expected to become increasingly inclusive, gathering broader input from civil society and the private sector and encouraging their growth.
This idea will be sure to improve the accuracy restorability and optimize the composition and matching of the dynamic measuring system.
24 March 1974
Yukon shelters are open to both Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women.
Somasundaram
The old business Corp is a hierarchy.
7. The President has been challenged on this issue before the Haitian courts by the outgoing Parliament, so far unsuccessfully.
8. With regard to the euro, the average for 2007 is 0.734 to the dollar, compared with 0.804 assumed in the revised appropriations, a variance of 9.5 per cent, as depicted in figure II.
347. The importance of subprogrammes 7, 8 and 12 was underlined.
India
15 January 1998
The painting you have stolen is toohot to handle.
They have instead called for the current Government to be replaced by a government of national unity.
A great deal of maintenance required.
The reports highlight that the prison is holding more than twice the capacity for which it was constructed in the 19th century, that there are no mattresses, other bedding or furniture in the cells, that there is a desperate shortage of soap, toothpaste and toilet paper, that the quality of food and drink is very poor, that there is no integral sanitation in the cells and there are open sewers and piles of refuse, that there is no artificial lighting in the cells and only small air vents through which natural light can enter, that there are almost no employment or recreational opportunities available to inmates, and that there is no doctor attached to the prison, leaving warders with very limited training to treat medical problems.
Tariffs have risen in several developing countries, including India, Russia and Ecuador.
1. Customs 14
16. As a troop-contributing country, Indonesia welcomed the ongoing cooperation between the Department of Public Information, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support in publicizing the work of peacekeepers, which would enhance the public image of the United Nations and the effectiveness of peacekeeping missions.
The secretariat of the Inter-Agency Group and its members (including bilateral donors and United Nations agencies) provided the overall guidance.
50. Finally, he said that greater awareness of the Organization's work in the fields of conflict prevention, peacekeeping, development and human rights would lead to greater support for the Organization's aims.
Mr. Wen said corruption in China is worsening, and must be addressed by reducing the concentration of power among high-ranking officials.
Free Papua Movement
Atsuko Yuya
We defend not only our precious freedoms, but also the freedom of people everywhere to live and raise their children free from fear. I know many Americans feel fear today.
Action: Parties are invited to refer to the overview of the session posted on the UNFCCC web site and to consult the Daily Programme, published during the session, for a detailed and up-to-date schedule of the work of the SBI.
It is desirable to build more hospitals, shopping centers, recreation centers, cinemas and other public facilities to meet the growing needs of 4.
The sludge on inner wall of humidifier roller should be cleaned once a week.
Hi, it's me. There's been an acceleration.
New recruits into armed forces and armed groups are beaten and ill-treated to force them into obedience.
He invited all Member States to vote against the draft resolution.
(a) Financing in Insolvency Proceedings.
May we once more remind you that the contract should be cancelled by one month notice.
The 2011 Partner Report on Support to Statistics prepared by the Partnership in Statistics for Development in the 21st Century (PARIS21) and based on data from 30 UNFPA offices, lists UNFPA as the fourth largest contributor to statistical development, after the World Bank, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the European Union.
With the help of the General Assembly, much has been done to support them in their work, but the Secretary-General believes that the United Nations needs a stronger approach to provide for their safety and security and he will be looking at ways to achieve it.
Fifty-fourth session
10. I wrote to the Speaker of the Republika Srpska National Assembly on 25 May demanding that the Assembly vote by 11 June to nullify its conclusions on transfers of constitutional competencies, thus preventing them from entering into force.
Figure 12
Only a few people were killed in the earthquake
4. Accordingly, Bolivia's support for General Assembly resolution 61/11 reflects its unconditional position in favour of the elimination of this kind of unilateral measure, together with its commitment to the Charter of the United Nations, international law and multilateralism.
The amount of funding under the GEF after 2010 will depend on negotiations on the fifth replenishment of the GEF (GEF 5).
The Panel was briefed on the recommended Outline Development Plan and proposed amendments to relevant Outline Zoning Plans for the Wan Chai Development Phase II Review.
Combining different control technologies for optimised mercury control
In particular, they highlighted the fact that they had closed their business in Pakistan in order to move to Canada; that they had made an investment four months after the two-year condition had expired; and that this business was creating employment for Canadians.
This is probably due to the fact that during the recession, employment was mainly reduced in the manufacturing sector whereas the services sector, which offers good job opportunities to women, even achieved employment gains.
Contributions from the private sector in 2004 amounted to $??.? $18.9 million; as at 1 July 2005, contributions amounted to $13.714.9 million.
A bloodless transition is what we would like and we should strive for it, but what will happen will depend on the strength of the masses.
It also liaises regularly with civil society representatives and has participated in several meetings aimed at increasing women's participation as both candidates and voters in the upcoming elections.
b. Reference to various United Nations documents relating to death and disability;
In my hand I held the tract containing the sudden death of the Liar, to which narrative my attention had been pointed as to an appropriate warning.
At the country level
"... the obligation to prosecute the alleged perpetrator of acts of torture does not depend on the prior existence of a request for his extradition.
The representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Cuba requested a roll-call vote on draft decision II in document E/1999/109.
Axis 88 mm  Flak  36 now receives intended bonuses from support weapon veterancy.
Units of the territorial police, rapid intervention police and border police are deployed in strategic areas with MONUC support and given the means to discharge their duties as a result of a support package
The project is waiting to be launched while training of co-locators is being held to enable replication in all sectors of Darfur
She urged the Government of Guyana to make reference to the Committee's general recommendation No. 24, which defined women's health and required States parties to address all aspects of it.
General, 1995
The complainants were not allowed to be present at trial, the complainants' files were not made available to their lawyers or only for ten minutes and the judges took very little time to make a decision and no factual evidence was mentioned.
Another member expressed agreement, adding that other sections of that draft decision would benefit from some revision of the text.
53. For several weeks, the occupied Palestinian territory had been subjected to daily acts of terrorism by Israel, in violation of the norms of international law.
That concern is all the more heightened in light of reports of plans to develop new nuclear weapons or modify such weapons for new uses.
The accident highlighted the importance of performing hazard assessments that focus on credible, if unlikely and infrequent, scenarios that can challenge structures, systems and components.
12. Violence against women will be reduced by improving capacities to interfere with it, to provide support and facilitate access to assistance.
During the first half of 2011, some 49,000 people were newly displaced in Orientale Province.
Ultimately health systems must be strengthened to enable health care providers to find TB that is present in communities with more sensitive and specific diagnostic tests, treat TB according to the class of the organism with the latest and most potent drugs, and prevent TB among those who are at risk.  These steps may very well ensure that XDR-TB does not engulf the advances made in the past century in the global fight against TB.
It aims to spur action to address the increasing HIV infection rates among women and girls, including by paying particular attention to the intersections between violence against women and HIV/AIDS.
Several indigenous senators and representatives, as well as council members and departmental deputies, had also been elected from the lists of traditional parties.
For this reason, we have an interesting proverb.
12. In order to combat this degrading image of women, a French parliamentary task force on the wearing of the full veil has been holding meetings since July 2009.
Trincomalee District
I think that is the beginning of the controversy, because the death penalty is still applied in many States.
In China the constitution supremacy in essence is the key of constitution supremacy.
25th meeting
Tuvalu welcomes, with some reservations, the Plan of Implementation.
Here is some good advice: a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
46. Kazakhstan was a member of the International Criminal Police Organization and other international law enforcement organizations and institutes, and was also developing bilateral law enforcement links: more than 30 such agreements had already been signed.
The Special Rapporteur was informed that when they took over Kabul at the end of September 1996, the Taliban authorities banned all social institutions.
Concentrate more on the reserves in the forthcoming training for the week.
He has served as an expert and consultant for various local and international agencies which include: International Agency for French-speaking Nations, Paris, Municipal Development for Cotonou, Benin, Sahel Club, Paris, African Civil Services Observatory (OFPA), African Training and Research Centre in Administration for Development (CAFRAD), Tangier, and Department of Economic and Social Affairs, United Nations, New York.
The Chairman and eight members shall form a quorum [Rule 71(8)]. The meeting will not be held unless a quorum is present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting.
Direct costs:
Runaway population growth becomes controllable when women have access to literacy and business opportunities as well as to contraception.
The correspondence of 23 October 2006 had indicated that the Party's quota system would limit CFC imports in 2006 to 69.0 ODPtonnes, which would have returned Paraguay to compliance with the Protocol's CFC consumption control measures in that year.
They are the bars that are used to connect your watchband to your watch.
It is also important to point out that, early in 2009, the Latin American University Volunteer Network was established, under the auspices of the United Nations Development Programme's Regional Bureau for Latin America and the Caribbean, the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation and the United Nations Volunteers programme itself.
 1965-1968: Post-graduate courses, International Law Department, Moscow State Institute of International Relations.
What's wrong? Underline and correct it.
The State party should develop and implement a methodology to assess the effectiveness and impact of such training/educational programmes on the reduction of cases of torture, violence and illtreatment.
(c) Component 3 involves sustainable development of the agribusiness sectors through the introduction of new technologies in product conservation, in particular solar drying for fruits and vegetables and in the production of tomato and fruit pulp; and the transfer of environmentally friendly technologies within the industrial sector, especially for energy efficiency in agribusiness.
I. Situation analysis
6 And this is love: that we walk in obedience to his commands. As you have heard from the beginning, his command is that you walk in love.
 4. At the 18th meeting, on 14 November, the Chairman of the International Civil Service Commission introduced the annual report of the Commission and the Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management introduced the report of the Secretary-General on decisions of administrative tribunals (see A/C.5/49/SR.18).
"the last+"the last +"the least likely" He is the last man to accept a bride.
First of all, you don't need to find brokers, therefore also won't have commission fees.
China is the country with the maximal coal yield and consumption, and also is one of the countries using coal as the most energy sources.
Items and their numbers cited herein are from the provisional agenda of the sixty-second session (A/62/150).
Health
The Ozone Secretariat services both the Montreal Protocol and the Vienna Convention, and it operates under individual budgets for each, with some shared budget lines.
Action after review
2. More than 300 hours of negotiations took place in New York prior to the Conference and during the Review Conference in Doha to finalize the Conference outcome document, the Doha Declaration on Financing for Development (General Assembly resolution 63/239, annex).
Reform of senior general secondary education (HAVO) and pre-university education (VWO)
font size=2pt;"Back home, I still continue leaving those post-its to this day, hoping that someone will write their whereabouts on them as well.
Coal, oil, wood and gas are fuels.
Objective of the Organization: To harness development gains and to deal with the trade and development problems of the commodity economy and of commodity dependence
They surrounded the home of Jamal Yehia, 32.
Part IV.
The State party should also provide information, in its next report, on the incidence of domestic violence, on the measures taken to address it, including the use of restraining orders, and on the impact, if any, of such measures.
146. The States parties reaffirm their conviction that the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned enhances global and regional peace and security.
* Where family relations are concerned, today men and women enjoy the same constitutional and legal rights and have equal obligations as couples and as parents.
Despite many new laws regarding intellectual property rights, for example, the increased incidence of piracy and counterfeiting of goods has had a negative impact on FDI.
It also provides information, advice and assistance to States, including the monitoring of and reporting on developments relating to the law of the sea and ocean affairs, consistent with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The State party must establish adequate systems for monitoring and deterring abuses and should develop further training opportunities for law enforcement officials.
The Community Action Project stressed the importance of civic involvement in law enforcement activity, citizens were encouraged to volunteer for the Civil Guard and special civic units were currently recruiting members for the sole purpose of fighting drugs.
Whether I’m performing a big stunt or I’m on my day off, I’m on an adventure.
In terms of composition, the court should have a mix of Somali, international and local Tanzanian judges, prosecutors and personnel for the court to benefit from wide experience and diversity.
Article 13 Financial resources and mechanism
The above charge is subject to revision from time to time.
(Lead Auditor)
(a) Illegal entry
The ad hoc working group on the outcome document would meet each day as needed during the Preparatory Committee session.
What key principles are needed to create partnerships that foster economically, socially and environmentally sustainable and inclusive growth and development at national, regional and international levels?
105 mm artillery
to Colonial Countries and Peoples (chapters relating to specific Territories)
It is a register that does damage to the legitimacy of this Organization by abusing procedure.
It was indicated, for example, that the International Criminal Tribunal has, inter alia, developed a strong practice concerning the application of notions of fair trial and due process in its own case-law, thus strengthening the Tribunal's position as one of the leading bodies for trying individuals for international crimes.
They sometimes had the opportunity to engage in organized recreational activities and could see films in the prison cinema twice a week.
9727 Skrutskie
Subprogramme 23.2 Information services
All I could do was just sit there And watch them finish Processing her.
(a) The establishment of a transitional governing body that can establish a neutral environment in which the transition can take place, with the transitional governing body exercising full executive powers.
Decentralization should not simply transfer the burden of management but must have net positive benefits to local communities.
A shortage of cash has induced a number of Asian firms to divest assets abroad, especially in Asia, Europe and the United States, to raise funds (annex table A.8).Divestment is a normal occurrence, a part of changing corporate strategies.
Please include, to the extent possible, in each listing the following information:
That progress includes net enrolment in primary schools, adult literacy, parity between boys and girls in primary education, and the political empowerment of women.
Those refugees had been waiting, many for almost half a century, for a just and comprehensive resolution of their plight on the basis of the right of repatriation or compensation in accordance with paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 194 (III).
At that time, a number of corrections were needed to remedy over obligations, over liquidations, and double payments as well as charges against the wrong year, the wrong account or the wrong allotment account code.
(b) Increased awareness and assimilation of the cultural heritage by the local population.
20. In the days following the initial clashes, the Transitional Government took a number of steps to lessen tensions. These included the appointment of the new commander of the North Kivu military region and the dispatch on 17 December of a 51-member Transitional Government delegation, representing the different components, to help with mediation efforts.
I'm wondering, the zipper.
1931–32 Segunda División
The failure by some countries, notably least developed countries (LDCs), to diversify and undergo structural transformation has led to slow growth and persistent poverty.
Recalling all its previous resolutions, including resolutions 1999/54 of 29 July 1999, 2000/24 of 28 July 2000, 2001/40 of 26 July 2001 and 2003/57 of 24 July 2003, on the strengthening of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women,
Urges UNDP to further intensify its efforts to support strengthening national capacities, including for disaster risk reduction, early recovery and sustainable development;
This grouping was carried out using the same approach that was used to prepare the non-paper on paragraph 1 (b) (ii) of the Bali Action Plan presented to Parties during the informal meeting of the AWG-LCA held in Bonn, Germany, in August 2009.
Minister for Labour and Industrial Relations
Sister pig: Im building a house with bricks.
In that connection, we call on non-South-East Asian countries to consider acceding to the Treaty.
What are you doing at the moment?
The GIS Officer will also be responsible for the development of urban large-scale maps and updating standard topographic maps for AMISOM troops.
5. Proficiency in results-based management
Aggressive nations threaten world peace.
A data collecting team was set up and trainings for the team members were organized as well as consultations with villagers and local people were conducted with a view to conducting an assessment and identifying problems and difficulties in the advancement of women.
In clearer terms, we attempt to identify what makes some studies categorized within 'strategy' paradigm or research programme.
Remnants of the former Islamic Courts Union (IUC)
(a) Strengthened defence, police and law enforcement systems in Guinea-Bissau
There is a need for all States members not simply to support that work, but also to make it even stronger and more flexible in responding to fresh challenges.
At its 36th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2002, the Economic and Social Council took note of the note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of the International Telecommunication Union on the preparations for the World Summit on the Information Society.
Gambia did not provide new information to update the number of anti-personnel mines (100) that, since 2010, it has reported retained.
Is that so The policy in our construction is to rely mainly on our own efforts so the accumulation of funds is socialistic
The Gender Equality Action Plan 2008-2013 was developed and approved and a special fund was established to support youth-led initiatives in implementing the Habitat Agenda.
2. Stresses the importance of the participation of experts from developing countries and from countries with economies in transition in the work of the Committee, calls in that regard for voluntary contributions to facilitate their participation, including through support for travel and daily subsistence, and invites Member States and international organizations in a position to do so to contribute;
The Committee points out that the report of the Secretary-General on post structure of the Secretariat (A/53/955) was not issued until after it had completed its consideration of the proposed programme budget for 2000–2001.
38. To prepare for the formal Meetings of the State Parties, and to promote submission of the annual Article 7 reports in time, the President could convene a brief informal preparatory meeting at the most relevant time between the Meetings of the States Parties.
(1) The principle set out in guideline 4.3.3 is not applicable in cases in which, for one reason or another, unanimous acceptance by the contracting States and contracting organizations is required in order to "establish" the reservation, as in the case of a treaty that must be applied in its entirety, for example.
Co-ordination with other Branch/other Department/NGOs
Reference The present section describes the single largest contributing factor of each resource variance according to specific standard options encompassed in the four standard categories listed below:
Ladies and gentlemen, singing the winning song of this year's competition, "time of my life,"
2. The importance of commodities
Concerning the appointment of under-secretaries-general and assistant secretaries-general, which up to now and to a great extent, has been mostly political, the Secretary-General recently has taken some formal steps to make the process of selection of those officials more transparent and competitive.
Jordan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
It wouldn't a done no good; and, besides, it was just as I said: you couldn't tell them from the real kind.
Definition of subsequent agreement and subsequent practice as means of treaty interpretation
4. The Government of the Syrian Arab Republic will endeavour to provide the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 751 (1992) concerning the situation in Somalia with any information relating to the violation of the embargo.
The financial disclosure statements shall include certification that the assets and economic activities of the staff members, their spouses and their dependent children do not pose a conflict of interest with their official duties or the interests of the United Nations.
The syndicate's tentacles reach everywhere -- from the polished spires of Imperial Center to the seamiest Outer Rim tavern.
Boy, you... you talk good.
117. Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations (P.119).
3. Requests the administering Power, in consultation with the territorial Government, to continue to facilitate the expansion of the current programme of securing employment for the local population, in particular at the decision-making level; VI. Guam
let me introduce you to two Of the stars of the show, joshua Morrow.
Balance brought forward
It is estimated that 65 per cent of the inhabitants live in extreme poverty and that 80 per cent of national income is in the hands of 5 per cent of the population.
10 Id like two seats on todays Northwest Flight 7 to Detroit, please
"Brighter Smiles for the New Generation" oral health education programme for preschool childrenSince 1993, the Oral Health Education Unit has been carrying out a region wide preschool children oral health promotion programme named "Brighter Smiles for the New Generation" Its aim is to promote and foster habits of good oral health care for children between 0 to 6 years old.
He then presented in tabular form the information called for by the decision.
Such temporary measures shall remain in effect for no longer than 90 days, or until the Council decides what measures, if any, to take pursuant to paragraph 4 of this regulation, whichever is the earlier.
11. In April 2004, the Chief Minister launched a nine-member Constitutional Review Committee, which will serve for one year, tasking it with conducting a review of the existing Constitution and making recommendations for its change.
DPI Department of Public Information
2000 Statistics - Accidents within HK Waters and outside HK Waters by Accident Type
1982 VF
Networking and capacity-building, particularly in developing countries, are given high priority.
The corals iridescent under the surface of the clear water.
They were appointed as a committee of establishment.
The Mission would facilitate the training of civil society to monitor human rights violations, develop strategies and establish mechanisms to advocate directly with ministries and other State institutions, while itself conducting basic monitoring functions to meet its United Nations reporting obligations.
Bahrain, Belarus, China, Egypt, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Kuwait, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, United Arab Emirates, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Yemen, Zimbabwe
14. Out of 546 promotions, 63.6 per cent were women.
This amount of time, or even the expense to the student of this inspanidual attention, seem to indicate that resources would be better allocated elsewhere.Of course, any school in which the students decide "what goes" is bound to have problems controlling students.
The Working Group heard a proposal concerning the specification of prerequisites for commencing an action against a director for breach of the obligations in draft recommendation 1.
But he was present at my husband's death and can tell you all that happened.
There is little doubt that exposure to ELF causes childhood leukemia.
Adopt the sand - proof structure design the whole water pump , bring down the damage to pump itself.
20. The Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, at its eighth session, recommended to the General Assembly, through the Economic and Social Council, the adoption of three resolutions that are relevant to the work of the Ad Hoc Committee, entitled “Draft United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the draft protocols thereto”, “Activities of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Elaboration of a Convention against Transnational Organized Crime: illicit manufacturing of and trafficking in firearms, their parts and components and ammunition, as well as consideration of the need to develop an instrument on the illicit manufacturing of and trafficking in explosives” and “Action against corruption”.
Market-based mechanisms could include the following:
3. In this connection, the Syrian Arab Republic points to the statements made by the Lebanese Deputy Prime Minister, the Minister for Defence and the Commander of the Lebanese Armed Forces, in which they denied that the army leadership was conveying information on the smuggling of arms to Palestinian factions across the Syrian-Lebanese borders to the Lebanese Government.
This baby's got a few surprises left in her.
Technology and capacity-building support by UNEP for the continuing efforts of national Governments and other actors will be based on national and regional assessments of needs (utilizing existing assessments wherever possible).
UFER has been present at the session of the Commission on the Status of Women in New York, upholding the principles of the indivisibility of human rights principles.
When you do something you haven't done before, your ego goes into a state of alarm: "Watch out! Danger! " and then fear kicks in.
Cuba also made reference to efforts undertaken to address the rights of children, women, and persons with disabilities and with respect to social security.
Water conservancy construction in the early commune with headquarters in fact the nature of grass-roots organizations.
 In addition, expenditures on education as a percentage of total expenditures have increased substantially reflecting greater awareness by member countries of the importance of human development.
(b) Migration management, including combating illegal/illicit migration and trafficking in persons, and improving border management, with due attention to asylum issues and the human rights of the individuals concerned.
69. As a result of the amendment to the legislation, the time limits for solitary confinement in the Administration of Justice Act were reduced, and from 2006 to 2007 there was a very significant decline in the number of cases of solitary confinement.
We -- the positive people and the people of faith and all civil society -- are here to work with you.
He said that it should be able to address issues that are truly important for indigenous peoples.
Mr. DAVIES (South Africa) noted with approval the External Auditor's comments regarding the management of UNIDO.
Some of our legacy systems are inadequately documented; others are poorly architected.
This is the raison d'être of the UNCCD.
It is not unheard  of for currencies to fall from grace in the global currency league.
On the morning of the hemorrhage I could not walk, talk, read, write or recall any of my life.
Persian astrologers
UNOPS
Trees made of cabbage leaves, rocks of sweet potato, the narrow canyon made of bread and the sky made of purple cabbage.
48. At 0920 hours, an armed terrorist group attacked public and private property in Abu Kamal, wounding four members of the law enforcement forces.
The transitional regional constitution of semi-autonomous "Puntland" provides that it will contribute to the establishment and protection of a Somali Government based on a federal system, reserving the right to review this provision should instability continue or Somalis fail to agree on a federal system.
15. The leaders affirm their continuing adherence to a comprehensive, just and lasting peace in the Middle East based on the resolutions of international legitimacy and the principle of land for peace and guaranteeing legitimate Arab rights and the achievement of security and stability in the region.
Item 4 of the provisional agenda*
In addition, UNAMI will strengthen its outreach to all relevant constituencies, including religious leaders, political parties and civil society organizations, facilitating dialogue and peacefully negotiated solutions.
India 43 - 67 10
You can have my trailer. I... I'll sleep at the bar.
The dialogue was comprised of three segments of three major groups each.
17. Accordingly, it is recommended that the awards for these claims be corrected.
2. The collective expulsion of alien [persons], including migrant workers and members of their families, is prohibited.
I know how difficult things are between us.
The judiciary and the Governor have a corresponding jurisdiction to uphold and enforce human rights in the Islands.
13. Know-how and understanding on the complex nature of sustainable forest management are the basis for its implementation.
CONCLUSIONS: Both blank and analginum showed no interference.
Other items for future consideration included the following issues: cross-border recognition of certificates; legal effect of electronic signatures; attribution of electronic signatures; relationship between the Uniform Rules and the Model Law; definition and minimum qualities of certification authorities; possible incompatibility of functions of certification authorities with the performance of any other function in the same transaction; and revocation and suspension of certificates.
To lessen or cancel the value of.
Revised estimates relating to the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013 under section 1, Overall policymaking, direction and coordination, and section 37, Staff assessment related to the strengthening of the Office of the Director-General, United Nations Office at Nairobi (A/66/393)
10. A description of the cases transmitted and the contents of the Governments' replies will be found in the relevant Opinions adopted by the Working Group (E/CN.4/2005/6/Add.1).
W
Benjamin: Really, Ill be so excited to see them.
In the last 15 years, 50 countries in the world have introduced legal quotas.
For the hearts of the silent promise me and night and hardships, but no regrets.
Hospitality
Ms. Edah Wangechi Maina Mr. Ronald McCallum
Wednesday, 23 August
(Submitted by Estonia)
Xiao Liu made her so angry that she left in a huff.
Due to the concerted efforts of UNFPA and other agencies working in the field of family planning, the religious establishment throughout the region accepted the concept of family planning.
I would also like to thank your predecessor, my friend Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann, for his tireless work during the previous session.
`Do eat,' she said.But he did not touch the food.
Alibaba is taking move abate China foreign trade glides the menace of pair of its business.
It has often been said that the attractiveness of conciliation would be greatly increased if a settlement reached during a conciliation would have executory force so that a party to the settlement would not be compelled to litigate in order to achieve what has been agreed upon.
The best estimate now is that a college degree is worth about 300,000 in today's dollars--nowhere near the million figure that is often quoted. 212;212;30 "That million number has driven me crazy!
I don't know. Assassinate suite?
With its dense population and developed economy, SXC region a long history of land use.
They do not indicate concrete actions, milestones, targets, and SMART indicators to measure the success and performance of the activities to be undertaken by the GM in order to fulfil a rather broad mandate.
In the light of the foregoing, the complainants would have no real language problems if returned to Afghanistan.
Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Hungary, Italy, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Sweden, Turkey, Ukraine and United Kingdom
21. A number of groupings that are active in Somalia maintain a significant military capacity.
Divotino Point
(Agenda item 6)
He added that the difference between a lethal dose of radiation and a trivial dose of radiation is only a factor of 1, 000.
By being conscious of other agencies' activities, the Permanent Forum will be able to ensure that any work undertaken is structured in such a way as to avoid any unnecessary duplication.
He also underlined the fact that the Corporation did not fund projects that were not compliant with its policies and that had no concrete action plans agreed with the Corporation for compliance with performance standard 7.
She is bound to her family.
14. We recall that the unilateral declaration of independence, proclaimed by the provincial Assembly on 17 February 2008, is not the first declaration of the kind: on 2 July 1990 the Provincial Assembly composed solely of ethnic Albanians proclaimed the Declaration on Secession of the Republic of Kosovo; on 23 May 2002 members of the Kosovo Assembly of Albanian nationality voted in favour of a resolution which negated the Agreement on Demarcation between the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Macedonia, as well as the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia-UNMIK Common Document.
At the moment such information is not available.
The main reason given by respondents for not reporting victimization was because they were not confident that the police would be able to do anything.
It boasts stand-alone heating and sewerage facilities, and communication lines to Moscow, and a roof designed to withstand the impact of a nuclear bomb.
59. The Board further noted that the inter-fund account was not regularly settled, posing further difficulty in determining how much was due to and from each of these two funds.
" If the person subjected to execution is a citizen, his work unit or the grass-roots organization in the locality of the building or the plot of land shall send a representative for attendance."
The Team believes that by establishing a formal obligation on listed individuals to abide by the sanctions and clearly informing them of the measures in place against them, States would not only improve the preventive function of listing, but also make it easier for them to monitor compliance and address attempted violations more effectively.
Darfur
Date of launch:
My party and I spent the next two weeks trekking through one of the worlds most spectacular regions
On 26 March 2004, the Security Council adopted resolution 1534 (2004).
Target 2006-2007: 6 additional countries in the Commonwealth of Independent States and South-East Europe having reached the requirements of the Special Data Dissemination Standard in the reporting period
Maria : No. He has to do this story with you.
But the cachet of the top Valley brands only goes so far over here.
VOC
Department of Political Affairs/Office of Legal Affairs joint mission to Gabon and Equatorial Guinea
The Mission recommended above should also assess the extent of the impact.
Child Development Foundation
Programs in this area prepare individuals to provide professional services related to cosmetology. funeral services. and food preparation and service.
122. The Court has concluded above that the adoption of the declaration of independence of 17 February 2008 did not violate general international law, Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) or the Constitutional Framework.
That jacket has a unique design; even its buttons are made of snap fasteners.
Places shall be provided for handling postal business in larger railway stations, airports, ports and guest houses.
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
:: Educational sessions and workshops in the area of maternal health were conducted in Kenya and Sierra Leone in 2009, and in Haiti in 2010.
Fines and confiscation of weapons, ammunition, explosives and related accessories Fines
Our message to proliferators must be consistent and it must be clear: We will find you, and we're not going to rest until you are stopped.
Its obligatory force is independent of its principles.
So teach us to number our days, That we may present to You a heart of wisdom
In September, both at the United Nations and at the G-20 Summit in Pittsburgh, many countries agreed to work on Obama’s nuclear agenda.
34. As the Special Rapporteur argued in his last report to the General Assembly, maternal mortality is not just a health issue, it is a human rights issue.
24 November 1999
CERD Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
The Committee is also concerned that the Human Rights Defender has no statutory mandate to consider petitions from victims of racial discrimination concerning incidents occurring in the private area.
But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides , I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness . (:)
Car Charger
Significant resources to Kenya districts are now being mobilized though health sector reform.
 Each briefing attracted some 150 participants representing many non-governmental organizations that are in association with the Department and in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council.
The Women's World Summit Foundation awarded 13 prizes for women's creativity in rural life and organized a side event at the United Nations Office at Geneva (15 October), to celebrate (1) the laureates, (2) the International Day of Rural Women, (3) World Food Day and (4) the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty.
The Law was translated into 10 indigenous languages.
The SIP Modeling Toolkit can import the majority of scenario information from SIPp configuration files into call flow diagrams.
5. The Second Preparatory Meeting recommended for adoption at the Second Review Conference estimated costs for convening the Second Review Conference.
The book progresses through several characters along with Nepenthe.
Found in French Polynesia 165 miles (265 kilometers) west of Tahiti, the island of Bora-Bora is what remains of an ancient sunken volcano.
Applications for licences for broadcasting are considered by an independent regulator fairly and in strict accordance with the law and established procedures.
They refer to one an other with links, a system that simulates referrals.
The student subjects in his laboratory were tested at the video game Tetris.
- Whether the review is conducted in plenary or in working groups, a rapporteur(s) will be selected, respecting geographical representation, from among the members of the Council or of the working groups to prepare the review outcome by the plenary (compromise proposal by the Facilitator).
Section II Goods Limited in Importation Article 10 In any of the circumstances as provided in Clauses 1, 4, 5, 6, and 7 of Article 16 of the Foreign Trade Law, the goods concerned shall be limited in importation.
The readiness learning is vital to our continued survival.
I'll ask Professor Linda Partridge, Director of University College London's Institute of Healthy Ageing.
I will write and let you know if the occasion arises.
European Union:
Limited stockpiles of the acid base existed but the relevant company had indicated that, if the product could not be exported to the Republic of Korea, it would be destroyed.
Protection of and assistance to internally displaced persons
Legislation
This shows that the overall number of doctors in HA keeps on increasing.
He suffered her to graze through the day and at night tied a rope round her neck.
Maternity Allowance - This programme was initiated in 2007 by MoWCA to reduce the mortality rate of poor mothers and children, and to promote breast-feeding.
In addition the point source function of non Newtonian exponential flow in single fractal reservoir and the uniform flux solution of the finite conductivity vertical fracture well are obtained.
Soon she heard a voice.It said, "Why are you weeping, princess?
The embodiments of the invention to be described permit the production of capacitors of good electrical characteristics, without the need for using noble metal electrodes.
The Southern African Regional Science Initiative is a network for studying the interactions of anthropological, biological and climatological phenomena in southern Africa.
Such denunciation shall become effective one year after the date of receipt of the notification by the Secretary-General.
Law recently told The Associated Press he is nothing like the womanizing character he portrays in his new romantic comedy.
 In the wake of that report, Congress directed the Government of American Samoa and the Department of the Interior's Office of Territorial and Insular Affairs to form a joint working group to develop a plan of action to address the Government's fiscal management problems.
"Follow-up to the high-level meeting held on 24 September 2010: revitalizing the work of the Conference on Disarmament and taking forward multilateral disarmament negotiations" [162].
Mr. Kwabena Osei-Danquah (Ghana)
(5) The Committee notes the State party's intention to withdraw its reservations to article 10, paragraph 2 and article 14 of the Covenant, but regrets that the State party intends to maintain its reservations to article 19, paragraph 2 and article 20, paragraph 1.
12 The Board may wish to consider adopting the following decision:
69. One State Party with a deadline in 2009 submitted a request in 2009: Uganda.
91. The current situation reflects a decline in the number of asylum applicants and is similar to the situation in other EU Member States.
Addendum
7. The General Assembly further called upon States and other entities referred to in article 10, paragraph 1, of the Compliance Agreement that had not done so to accept the Agreement.
This a necessary condition for resolution of problem institutions.
I propose, once I take office, to pursue broadened consultations in order to continue the necessary effort of revitalizing our Organization that you, Sir, have begun.
United Nations Environment Programme for 2002
A. Studies and reports completed at the fifty-fifth session of the Sub-Commission 136
+ interest
Romania (1)
To the one side wall in besmear becomes nacarat , outside bath crock build closing is blue mosaic, the table is yellow.
However, the situation is improving, although women's participation in the development of government policy still remains weak.
The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and countries in the region have also taken steps to raise awareness about the guidelines, with the assistance of the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region.
All the Big Shots of the Nanking government also came here to have medical treatment, and sometimes took away a nurse to become a new wife.
Oh, yes, she cried, I do love you
In SHMI, the following methods and products have been implemented at this stage of the project: atmospheric motion vectors, forecasted satellite images, convective cell detection and, for radar, testing of Weather Decision Technologies nowcasting software. Continuation of hydrology project preparation
The court may adjourn the hearing to a date, time and place as it thinks fit.
The Human Rights Organs of the Ministry of Justice have considered "child abuse" as a serious human rights issue that cannot be overlooked, and have made efforts to eliminate it.
That was incredibly valuable for me.
Has a focal point on South-South and triangular cooperation
Other partnerships and collaborative relationships
Mr. Edmond Mulet 3.4633 3.9222 S-3720A
Chakra
Catastrophe bonds.
In the fight against AIDS, all countries have a strong and committed ally in the United States of America.
90 per cent was satisfactory (1992: 82 per cent); 8 per cent poor (1992: 13 per cent); 2 per cent very poor (1992: 5 per cent);
(a) The theme should be a major cross-cutting outcome of several international conferences in the economic, social or related fields;
This year, Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairman, referred to the low level of bond yields as a "conundrum" .
(b) Adopt measures to encourage women to opt for non-traditional occupational areas such as technical professions;
where they go? who knows
(h) The Association of Austrian Space Industries, which provided support for the UN-SPIDER workshop held in Vienna.
Dear Colleagues,
In 1956 and 1963 respectively Massachusetts Institute Technology Bachelor of Science degree and Master of Science.
And He will redeem Israel From all his iniquities
310. Small island developing States are highly vulnerable to global environmental threats due to their small size, highly fragmented nature, remoteness, low-lying topography, ecological uniqueness, limited resources, and high exposure to natural hazards.
Of greatest concern is the public health risk that this situation presents.
(b) Promoting and supporting the implementation of the International Instrument to Enable States to Identify and Trace, in a Timely and Reliable Manner, Illicit Small Arms and Light Weapons;
:: Civilian organization administered by a military authority
Serbia and Montenegro is a State party to relevant international treaties.
1,483 tonnes
Discussions are ongoing to identify the modalities for the creation of a consultative mechanism between the United Nations system and indigenous peoples.
Torino F.C.
The user attaches ohm magnets to bicycle wheel spokes.
RuleML Symposium
20. The Committee welcomes the State party's efforts to disseminate the Convention among the general public, professionals and children and adolescents.
Permanent Representative
867. Cases of cancer should drop by 5% by 2015, based on the standardised morbidity rate per 100 000 inhabitants in 2000, which was 227.6 among women and 324.5 among men.
The United States has elected a president whose understanding of American democracy is apparently limited to the fact that he won the Electoral College.
Item 8 of the provisional agenda*
It is anticipated that these actions will be further defined at the level of actual delivery.
Ensure staff security and maintaining order scene is the primary responsibility for a guard.
In recent weeks both housing and stock prices have started to retreat from their irrationally exuberant highs.
Syrian Arab Republicc Tajikistanb
As the number of unaccompanied minors has increased considerably since this reform was prepared, there is at present a lack of housing.
That is in addition to the grants and technical assistance provided by the State of Kuwait directly to developing countries, as well as to its contributions to regional and international development institutions.
IX. RECOMMENDATIONS 54 - 58 16 Annexes
International
93. The attention of the meeting was drawn to the need to take further action at the national and international levels to address shark finning.
Monday, 20 November 2006, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
11. The year 2007 marks the mid-point between the adoption of the Millennium Declaration and the 2015 deadline for achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Spain templates
The idea of encouraging African Member States to put in place contingent arrangements for deployment in situations requiring peacekeeping or military observer missions in Africa has merit and deserves support.
36. CESCR was also concerned that the low levels of minimum wages, particularly in the agricultural sector, were insufficient to provide an adequate standard of living for workers and their families.
Wenceslau Braz, Minas Gerais
I had my few friends around me, but no one was saying much now.
In the meantime, training for over 500 ex-SPLA soldiers assigned to the Southern Sudan Prison Service has begun.
8. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit the report of the working group to Governments, the Special Rapporteur and the intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations concerned;
The contracts provided for the construction of the Baghdad University Athletic College (the "University Project") and a guesthouse in Baghdad ("Project No. 305").
43. Japan commended steps taken to combat HIV/AIDS.
The Committee deferred consideration of the application, pending further clarification on the issues raised by the Committee.
A control method of combining the current feedback and load tracking controller is presented.
The item was considered at the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council in 1995.
When women are not broadly represented in the senior levels of government or are inadequately or not consulted at all, government policy will not be comprehensive and effective.
Reclassification of 2 Programme Officer posts from P-5
Qiaojia County
In case of persons restricted on their personal liberty and deprived of their legal capacity or persons with restricted legal capacity, the police are obliged to inform their legal representatives.
Imagine the fulfillment of your desire and feel its reality and it will come to pass.
But other factors also attract farmers to the cities, Qiu explained, pointing to the development of transport networks and educational opportunities
Draft decision -/CP.7.
Did you stop anywhere on the way?
Ōfunato Station
8. In accordance with section A, paragraph 7, of General Assembly resolution 51/225 of 3April 1997, the Board has highlighted separately below those recommendations that have not been fully implemented by UNHCR.
“27C.6 In line with the above objectives and following the guidance provided by the General Assembly in its resolution 53/221 of 7 April 1999, the Office would focus on: (a) progressive implementation of staff training and development programmes to build organizational capacity and enhance career development opportunities; (b) strengthening of performance management in the Organization; (c) concentration of its resources in designated areas to manage the process of delegation of authority and the monitoring and accountability systems, utilizing the particular advantages of the Integrated Management Information System; (d) continuation of improvements in recruitment, placement and promotion procedures with a view to making them simpler, more transparent and more timely; (e) continuation of improvements in the Secretariat-wide human resources planning system; (f) establishment of mechanisms towards and implementation of enhanced mobility across functions, departments and duty stations and among organizations of the United Nations common system; and (g) contributing to the staff-management global consultative process.
It is also expected that an additional 1,700 UNITA troops (including 300 deployed in Cabinda) will be quartered, and that some 5,500 troops will be incorporated into the Angolan National Police.
Secondly, the Appellate Body could not have embraced the stark contrast between "development policy" and macroeconomic policy.
 25C.54 The Secretary-General has also continued to centralize most regular budget training resources under OHRM.
Does this mean we can come out of hiding?
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.6/57/L.19
In many legal systems belonging to or influenced by the tradition of civil law, the provision of public services may be governed by a body of law known as “administrative law”, which regulates a wide range of governmental functions.
The Technical and Economic Benefit of Hollow Fine Particle Insulating Riser on Steel Castings
A. Kagawa
The secretariat was requested to report on the measures that it would take to respect the criteria of balanced geographical distribution of staff and of transparency and equity during recruitment processes.
Further, the presumption of innocence implies a right to be treated in accordance with this principle.
It was noted, however, that there was a difference between seabed mining, which required a long-term presence, and the exploitation of marine genetic resources, which did not given that, in some cases, limited samples were enough to enable replication in a laboratory.
National communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
Young women are employed with little or no training on the job, and quickly dispensed with on pregnancy or marriage.
They understood the power of perception.
An initial group of a 600-person-strong multi-ethnic police force, with representation from all the political parties, was created, and armed units were withdrawn to barracks.
A plan in financial terms for carrying out proposed activities in a specified time.
12. Association of the Bar of the City of New York
Any assistance from the international community should be constructive.
The report elaborates the work carried out by the Inter-agency and Expert Group on Millennium Development Goal Indicators and the Statistics Division in 2013 in the following areas: reviewing lessons learned from monitoring the Millennium Development Goals, improving the methodology for monitoring progress towards the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals, and strengthening statistical capacity-building for national monitoring.
Communications addressed to the President of the Security Council should be delivered to the Offices of the Security Council Secretariat Branch (room 08083, 730 Third Avenue (between 45th and 46th Streets); tel. 1 (212) 963-5258).
Stress to the conference organizers the importance of adhering to the terms of reference and the framework defined by the 2010 Review Conference;
The terms of reference of the Grants Committee were submitted to the Controller for approval.
163. At the sectoral level, legislation has been introduced which, although applicable to the whole population, contains specific regulations on disability.
The paper defined accountability in the context of democratic governance, described the accountability challenges that occur in developing countries and in public-private collaborations and proposed measures that could address them.
Dear friends, Trade is about commodity exchanges, but actually it is about human exchanges too, it is a channel of spiritual connection between people, therefore it is also a bridge of understanding and friendship between peoples of all states.
What kind of umbrella growing up in the rain?
They are mainly crude oil, natural gas, nonmetal mineral survey and development, development and comprehensive utilization of resources and regenerated resources, comprehensive treatment of environmental pollution, green environmental protection industry and products' organic food production and process industry and technology, ect.
It is well known that the earth tide causes the temporal variations of gravitational field.
In our opinion, there are better, fairer and more balanced ways to share the budgetary responsibilities of the United Nations among all Member States.
He also thanks donors for their voluntary contributions, without which the Centre would not be able to undertake projects or fulfil its mandate vis-à-vis African States.
In addition, the Group decided to launch a comprehensive effort for the systematic integration of indigenous issues in the field by initiating the elaboration of guidelines to the country teams as well as of an action plan that would enhance their capacity in that area.
Admins can set the ratio of how much their ads are displayed to that of author ads.
In order to improve accuracy of sign recognition and matching, a design method and principle of the signs is discussed in this paper, and its implementation is illustrated in detail.
 1. The Parties consider that their immediate task is to conclude a convention on the legal status of the Caspian Sea.
Recommendation 3: Ratification of ILO conventions requires ILO membership.
Many aid workers have also been victims of carjackings or abductions.
The result shows that the improved crack modeling method has goodcoherence with direct crack modeling.
2. Renews the commitment to uphold and strengthen an open, rule-based, equitable, secure, non-discriminatory, transparent and predictable multilateral trade system, which contributes to the economic and social advancement of all countries and peoples by promoting the liberalization and expansion of trade, employment and stability and by providing a framework for the conduct of international trade relations;
Think long and hard about any decision based on goodwill.
2. Reiterates its suggestion that the Commission on Human Rights establish at its fifty-eighth session an inter-sessional open-ended working group entrusted with the further study of a draft optional protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights;
As they work in individual households, nobody knows how many they may be or where they are, but fragmentary data highlight their plight.
Well what does the word "survive" mean?
Montier learned that happiness comprises three components:
Total commitments The annex to this document provides a list of projects and events funded from the Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities in the biennium 2004 - 2005.
The Working Group brings to the attention of the Government the recommendations of the Human Rights Council that national laws and measures aimed at combating terrorism shall comply with all obligations under international law, in particular international human rights law.
But this has not happened largely because world trade in agricultural and agro-industrial products has grown slower than general trade.
HMS Exeter
www.un.org/en/development/desa/index.html
17. During the reporting period, mission support to the Force reflected improvements in the areas of asset management, ground transportation, facilities and communications, and information technology.
"In decision 2/1, adopted by the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for the Elaboration of an International Convention to Combat Desertification in those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification at its second session, the Committee defined the mandates of the two Working Groups.
FAO (1996). Pesticide Storage and Stock Control Manual. FAO, Rome.
These are analysed within the framework of “complex” obligations of result, as dealt with in article 21 (2).
Table 26
The briefing revealed that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Mary Robinson, was planning a visit to Sierra Leone at the invitation of the Government to examine the situation on the ground and to make tangible commitments regarding the prevention of abuses and accountability of perpetrators.
The temptation is to put the probes maybe at the start and end of the loop, because this seems like a logical place to include the probes.
Financing of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Total seizures included 14.6 kilograms of heroin, 242.1 kilograms of ketamine, 3 285 tablets of MDMA (‘ecstasy’), 1028 kilograms of cannabis, 18.5 kilograms of methylamphetamine (‘ice’), 5.2 kilograms of cocaine and 26 940 tablets of other psychotropic tablets.
2006 - 2007: 22 countries
The Statistical Commission has taken the lead in discussing various aspects of the data revolution that are relevant to official statistics, such as capacity development, modernization of statistical systems, big data, open data and the development of new indicators.
Reiko Shiota
This paper presents the design and implementation of a grid file access interface ( GFAI ).
Number of observations made and accepted and number implemented.
56th plenary meeting Oceans and the law of the sea [76]
Both hotlines, primarily intended for victims of trafficking, are handled by experienced social workers to offer assistance, advice, counselling and arrangement for temporary shelter.
The EU's employment rate and level of investment in research and development were reached by the US in 1978, and its level of productivity (expressed in GDP per employed) was reached by the US in 1989, the report says.
There will be a joint informal consultation of the Executive Boards of UNDP/UNFPA and of UNICEF on "The road map to an integrated budget: Cost classification and results-based budgeting", today, 3 December 2010, from 3 to 5 p.m. in Conference Room 6 (NLB).
It is his view that the strategic plan now being developed by the University, which provides for a more standardized planning and assessment system, will contribute significantly to addressing the first three aspects of the recommendation.
Information should be sent to the Division for the Advancement of Women, part of UN Women (e-mail collete@un.org and ranola@un.org), no later than Monday, 29 November 2010.
The Court also pointed out that the health-related problems of the first complainant could well be treated in Tunisia.
Those from families earning between ,000 and ,000 also pay far less than they would have in previously
Add the amount of energy needed to keep cosmic acceleration going to the amount of matter and energy in the universe already accounted for and you have more or less exactly the density of matter and energy needed to make the universe flat.
Economic and social benefits
China has taken an active part in promoting the multilateral diplomacy and safeguarded the national sovereignty on the world arena and promoted the national reunification.
The weakness of the General Assembly and the strength of the Security Council have become a zero-sum game.
Proposal from Japan for an amendment to the Kyoto Protocol
(xii) Ensure that green growth policies increase access for women, particularly for poor and marginalized women, to high quality jobs in sustainable and low-carbon industries;
It was noted that sufficient policy space was particularly necessary for such countries owing to their structural constraints and specific vulnerabilities.
New websites developed for the five regional commissions, based on common templates
In December 1999, the General Conference adopted the proposal of the Secretariat and approved the necessary amendments to the financial and staff regulations.
Witnesses at the time said he killed himself rather than surrender using a rifle given to him by his friend, the Cuban leader Fidel Castro.
That law would be enforceable through civil law (orders to end discriminatory practices and elimination of discriminatory contract terms, for example) and through criminal law (including harsher penalties for harassment or bodily harm motivated by discrimination).
Trafficking of opium outside Asia remains limited.
As the lift bore us to the peak yet again, my father looked at his watch and said, Criminey.
This has been particularly important during the country's reconstruction as the Government has granted land access to women displaced, widowed or otherwise affected by the conflict.
I. SESSIONS
In that regard, Japan thanks the World Bank and the Global Fund for their efforts in strengthening the health systems in many developing countries.
But there stood one in the midst of you, at whose brand of sin and infamy ye have not shuddered!
Zhinan Temple gondola station
Recognizing the need for collaboration among Governments, international and regional organizations and all sectors of civil society in order to deal with the problem of recreational use of drugs among young people,
Manage payment terms and receivables and cost control.
Current initiatives for cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations contribute to information sharing and avoiding duplication of work.
If we spend all that money, we shall be poor again.
The conceive of this program is very fanciful.
II. Recommendations
Having visited before, you won't have to spend time finding your way around and searching for the best vantage points.
Summary
The relaxation measures taken by the United States Administration are positive signs and are expected to bring significant benefits to the Cuban economy and daily life. They will also help to mitigate the impact of the global economic crisis on Cuba.
When he or she does testify, cross-examination about character or other conduct may be made only in exceptional circumstances; generally the prosecution may not introduce such evidence.
While it accepted that the author's brother had been beaten to death by unknown individuals, and that the author had been suicidal and was desperately afraid to return to Pakistan, the Court found it insufficient to establish a serious issue, as the author had the burden to satisfy the Court that he had serious grounds to question the legality of the PRRA decision, which he had failed to do.
Bolivian law provides for measures to protect witnesses, experts and victims in Act No. 004, Act No. 260 (Act on the Public Prosecution Service) and Act No. 458.
 Romania is ready to host one such regional centre, but we consider that the main donors have to continue their support of training opportunities for scientists from developing countries.
(a) The drafting of a legal instrument on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; presented a draft instrument in 1995 for the consideration of members of the Organization of American States and indigenous peoples;
An assessment of crime prevention strategies could also be timely.
In most of those treaties, the requirement for admissibility of the extradition request is that the offence must carry a minimum prison term of one to two years.
63. At the invitation of the Chairman, Ms. Scholte (Defence Forum Foundation) took a place at the petitioners' table.
 It is desirable that this division be overcome, as the problems of the zones with less security could be transferred to those with greater security.
 Members of the military were often seen in public, including in Bosnia and Herzegovina, wearing Fascist emblems.
The Ministry of the Interior shall be charged with turning over such weapons to the Ministry of Defence in accordance with schedules.
50. Despite the peace initiatives of various leaders in the region, the influx of Sudanese refugees into neighbouring countries continued.
Salaries and allowances of judges (including common costs)
(ii) United Nations Programme on Space Applications;
39. In light of the expressed determination of the parties to test their fortunes on the battlefield, the steadily worsening security situation, and the inability of MONUA to carry out its mandate, it has become increasingly clear that, for the time being, the conditions for a meaningful United Nations peacekeeping role in Angola have ceased to exist.
They were, of course, very anxious to see a person on whom so much of their comfort at Barton must depend; and the elegance of her appearance was favourable to their wishes.
France
During 2011, the Centre issued recommendations on data standardization and legal frameworks for single windows.
18. Calls for an enhanced and constructive dialogue between the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and the concerned territorial Governments towards achieving the highest standards of financial supervision, and requests the administering Powers to assist those Territories in this matter;
(b) Landmines continue to pose a serious threat to children's survival and development.
Tai Wo station
That strategic system is now under pressure, because Asia's growth must change the way the region works strategically.
Systematical research on theoretical competence and scientific researching ability of students majored in accountant
The nucleus in shrinking cytoplasm of microspore mother cell enters into diakinesis stage .16.
Pawlak
In September 2005, world leaders will have a unique opportunity, within this broad perspective, to reaffirm and commit themselves to implementing the development goals set five years ago and to move decisively to advance the broad vision of the shared development priorities that emerged from the comprehensive normative framework mapped out through the United Nations conferences and summits over the last 15 years.
"When Flexner wrote his report, psychiatry was asylum-based for the most part, " he said.
UNOPS summary response to the United Nations Board of Auditors
Israel
But I guess I just sneaked them onto the list, didn't I?
1. The Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (Subcommittee) was established following the entry into force in June 2006 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
Mr. Del Rosario Ceballos (Dominican Republic) (spoke in Spanish): On behalf of the delegation of the Dominican Republic, I congratulate you, Sir -- Ambassador Marco Antonio Suazo of the sister Republic of Honduras -- on your election to preside over the work of the First Committee.
This has provided valuable data for work in soil improvement.
In previous years, the availability of seed funding has allowed UNODC to offer such short-term follow-up assistance upon request.
15. The plan of action included a biennial global survey of existing mechanisms for international cooperation in space activities and an analytical study to identify areas of space-related activities where new and innovative mechanisms for cooperation were required.
We have the capability to defeat our rivals now.
Luduș
i've tried them all, but this is the one i like best
It was also agreed that paragraph (c) of recommendation 142 should be retained to reflect the rule that out-of-court repossession of the encumbered assets by the secured creditor was permitted only in the absence of any objection by the grantor at that time.
Thursday, 18 October, from 10:00 to 13:00: Russian
GNP (million US$)
From SiO maser sources towards the galactic centre, the average rotation period of the galactic bulge was found to be 8.5 x 107 years.
The main aim of the Chairs is to promote respect for human rights, democracy and peace by means of education and research.
Thanks to new developments in technology and information, our citizens participate more directly in the challenges facing our societies.
Mexico
32. In consultation with the Malian authorities, political parties and civil society, UNOM has identified the following priorities:
The suggested focus areas for the programme were further defined at an expert session of the Agri-food Task Force held at FAO headquarters in Rome on 11 and 12 September 2014.
Agreements with other host countries (especially Austria and Switzerland), where UNPA operates similar postal services, appear by and large to be modelled on that established at Headquarters with the United States postal administration.
(f) The benefit shall be payable at periodic intervals for life, provided that a benefit payable at an annual rate of less than 200 dollars may be commuted by the widow into a lump sum which is the actuarial equivalent of the benefit at the standard annual rate under (c) above, or the annual rate under (e) above, as the case may be.
Report of the Economic and Social Council: report of the Third Committee (A/57/558) [12]
The second is to deduce the theory of Aesthetic reflection through the reflection theory of Marxism philosophy or to seek the concept category of the theory of art reflection such as the theory of art work, theory of Aesthetic medium, theory of artistic mastery from the classical works of Marxism.
Recalling its resolution 47/196 of 22 December 1992 entitled "Observance of an international day for the eradication of poverty",
They are the combination of seeing and hearing.
In addition, they should establish monitoring and oversight mechanisms to oversee the response to applications submitted, so as to ensure that they are treated seriously and the potential benefits are obtained.
You've got to be very, very careful.
Brazil asked Monaco to elaborate more on the system of priorities in the employment sector and its rationale.
Russian delegates in the hall erupted in cheers, jumped to their feet and hugged each other.
Demographic change in the Asia-Pacific region has transformed the population landscape and given way to new socioeconomic needs.
Well, there were three of them.
67. The Chairperson said he took it that the Commission wished to adopt subparagraph 2 (b) as amended by the representative of Switzerland.
It is also reflected increasingly by the development of locally or regionally created training and educational materials and learning packages, which are frequently more directly relevant to regionally specific risk profiles.
Actually, I usually do all my shopping on Christmas Eve.
Rule 2.10. Notification provided for in article 18, paragraph 1
Informal working group on the future, including programmes and resources, of UNIDO (continued)
When the euro area manages to agree swiftly on a coordinated position, this can be instrumental to finding agreement in the EU as a whole and internationally.
34. Offices dealing specifically with women's issues had been established in a few cities, and there were plans to have such offices throughout the country, and to have them staffed with specially trained personnel.
Under item 6, two specialized agencies, namely the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization had submitted reports in accordance with article 22 of the Convention (CEDAW/C/2004/I/3 and Add.1 and 3).
(b) Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
Minami-Otaru Station
On 11 June, the Special Adviser briefed the Council on the progress of the National Dialogue.
In addition, two exhibitions were mounted at Headquarters: "The memories live on", by the International Auschwitz Committee in Germany, the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in Poland, the International Youth Meeting Centre Oswiecim/Auschwitz in Poland and the Gedenkstätte Deutscher Widerstand in Germany; and "Hélène Berr, a stolen life", curated by Le Mémorial de la Shoah in France, which documented, through a young woman's diary, the persecution of Jews during the Nazi occupation of Paris;
196. Through its efforts in the field, the United Nations plays a much needed and often unique role.
Le Cong Dinh, Tran Huynh Duy Thuc, Nguyen Tien Trung and Le Thang Long
Users have immediate access to summary or detailed reporting on all financial aspects of the HIV and AIDS activities of UNDP.
Colombo/Shanghai/Fukuoka/Shanghai/ Colombo
A Commission on Human Resource Development had been established and, in November 2014, would undertake a comprehensive review of education and human resource development in the region.
The production of Category I MCCs for the purpose of scientific research, medical treatment, pharmaceutical production or defensive protection shall be approved by the chemical industry authorities under the State Council and produced at small-sized facilities designated by such authorities
40. Ms. Mulamula (United Republic of Tanzania) said that there had clearly not been enough representatives of Gibraltar at the Caribbean Seminar in Anguilla and that in future they must take part in such seminars.
The Open-ended Working Group on the Conditions of Service of the Members of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf, established by the Meeting of States Parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, will hold a meeting on Friday, 4 October 2013, from 13:15 to 14:30, in Conference Room 5 (NLB).
Supplies and equipment
C. President's statements agreed upon by the Council at its first session
30. Having examined the particulars submitted by the applicant, which are summarized in parts III to VIII above, the Commission is satisfied that the application has been duly submitted in accordance with the Regulations and that the applicant:
The caption he placed in his head under this thought was, 'animals with unlimited capacity'.
Deep, deep within meI feel asimilar softening
Since the launch, which followed two years of intensive preparatory work, the following administrative and institutional structures have been put in place to implement the Strategy:
G. Waste management
Agenda item 146
Vietnam spent nearly $20 million on the event, including $7 million on a new resort and convention centre to host the pageant, in a bid to promote tourism to the Southeast Asian nation.
In the first sentence, replace the words "Geneva and Vienna" with the words "Geneva, Vienna and Nairobi".
(i) Number of lessons learned, vetted and accessed
Clavel v. Productions Musicales Donald K Donald Inc.
5. Calls upon the administering Power to assist the territorial Government in the diversification and sustainability of the economy of the Territory and to address employment and cost-of-living issues;
Gold nanoparticles have great interest because of their good conductivity, unique optical, electrical, catalytic properties.
Section V: financial management
The main objectives of the organization are the scientific substantiation and active assistance of the development of science and education, economic upsurge, social prosperity and spiritual potential.
A functional unit that converts a signal into a modulated signal suitable for transmission.
Tokyo International Film Festival
During the first part of the year, discussions were of a more general nature, based on the Tribunals' joint paper.
While being interviewed by a start-up, 'you could say, 'My weakness is I get bored by routine,'' says Ben Dattner, a New Yorkindustrial psychologist.
However, agroecology is more overarching as it supports building drought-resistant agricultural systems (including soils, plants, agrobiodiversity, etc.), not just drought-resistant plants.
Obstetrics Israel has preventative health service treatment for pregnant women through mother and child care stations ("Tipat Halav") for a certain minimum fee.
6. The secretariat will compile a list of nominations, annotated with a summary of information on each of the criteria.
134. The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, subject to the modifications and recommendations appearing below, as well as the provisions in the foreword and introduction.
Sneakily, though, it made no mention of its fries, bread, cheese or sauce.
Whether you go or not is up to you.
17. The adoption of the draft articles in the form of a convention would guarantee respect for the rules thus established, help to check the proliferation of varying national legislation on the subject, and introduce the uniformity, legal safety and homogeneity essential to the development of international trade.
The friends who knew me best started telling me I should go back to work.
A/57/48, para. 23
In support of these efforts, Africa's development partners should make every effort to increase financing for Africa's agriculture in line with relevant commitments, including those contained in the L'Aquila Food Security Initiative.
Lesotho
8. The Commission welcomed the participation of international non-governmental organizations with expertise in the major items on the agenda.
I hitchhiked to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station-and got turned down every time
Leon Czolgosz
We will be stressing the need for the international community to take urgent action on the problem of global warming and climate change, which, if left unchecked, could lead to a global human and economic calamity in this century.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Building AB
The following observers were also present: Vikram Verma, Lockheed Martin; Jennifer Warren, Lockheed Martin; John Stevens, Legal Counsel, UKSRL, and Lockheed Martin UK; and Ralph Spickermann, Chief Engineer, UKSRL.
Agenda item 147
As noted above (see para. 3), concerns also exist over the possibility of growing corruption, although the first audit report by the Court of Appeal and the establishment of the Anti-Corruption Commission point to a gradual increase in institutional capacities to combat corruption.
Thank you so much for the homemade cake. t know how to thank you for such a beautiful flower.
Moreover, in 1995 it had introduced a new forest policy to promote sustainable forest management while meeting socio-economic and community needs and conserving biological diversity and environmental stability; remedial measures were also being taken to counter the adverse effects of encroachment on forest lands for agriculture, industry and housing, among other factors, and his Government had been taking effective conservation and preservation measures to protect wildlife and plants and extend existing forest areas.
The net decrease of $319,200 includes reduced requirements for consultants and experts ($281,900) and communications ($95,200), offset by projected overexpenditures for information technology ($75,000) and facilities and infrastructure ($16,700).
61. On 21 August, an UNRWA staff member was killed while attempting to escape worsening insecurity in the Palestine refugee camp in Dar`a.
A recorded vote has been requested.
Pazifik-Informationsstelle Katja Rita Göbel
The mandate of the Special Rapporteur has been renewed annually since then.
Through its Special Rapporteur for follow-up on Views, Mr. Nisuke Ando, the Committee has continued to seek to ensure implementation of its Views by States parties by arranging meetings with representatives of States parties that have not responded to the Committee's request for information about the measures taken to give effect to its Views, or that have given unsatisfactory replies to its request (see chapter VI).
Convinced of the advisability of extending the authorization granted to the Secretary-General in resolution 1855 (2008) to appoint additional ad litem judges to the nine ad litem judges authorized by the Statute of the International Tribunal, as a temporary measure to enable the International Tribunal to complete trials and conduct additional trials as soon as possible in order to meet the goals of the Completion Strategy,
Table 8.11 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement
Takeyuki Kanda
The Committee held consultations with the United Nations Population Fund and the World Health Organization on the application of human rights to reproductive and sexual health (Glen Cove +5).
Ethiopia
On 3 August, the Council adopted a presidential statement (S/PRST/2007/29), in which it condemned the acts of violence and provocation committed by the parties in violation of resolution 1701 (2006) and reaffirmed the territorial integrity, political independence, unity and sovereignty of Lebanon.
Thursday, 8 November 2012, from 15:00 to 18:00, in Conference Room 2 (NLB).
98. Several countries did not support the elaboration of a legally binding instrument on the right to development.
In fact, what we are witnessing is the imposition of equal rules for countries at different stages of development, thus limiting competitiveness for the weak.
Illustration 5-12: Alleged returns may be paid from the investor's own money or that of other investors and not from any real return on the investment.
(a) Provision of further serviced plots for housing development;
The concentrations of many of the key nutrients are given for fresh and cooked foods in USDA Handbook No.8.
Principal business strategies under this corporate strategy are:(1) Proceed with our "Double 2000 Project" (see note) which calls for investing NT$200 billion over a period of five years and reaching 20 million metric tons annual capacity of steel products for the CSC Group.
This technical paper reviewed the professional literature on the subject, including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Special Report on Technology Transfer and highlighted the central role that enabling environments have in facilitating the international transfer of technology.
In accordance with paragraph 1 above, the procedures and mechanisms relating to compliance under the Kyoto Protocol adopted by decision 27/CMP.1 of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to this Protocol shall apply.
They have been added only for the sake of making references to the code.
The advisory group is tasked with developing practical proposals on how to significantly scale up long-term financing for mitigation and adaptation strategies in developing countries from various public and private sources.
6. Also decides that the sixth High-level Dialogue shall consist of a series of plenary and informal meetings, three interactive multi-stakeholder round tables and an informal interactive dialogue;
We appreciate the confidence you have placed in us in the past and look forward to continued dealings with you.
N. Decision on competence
To reach its full potential and have a lasting impact, microfinance should become an integral part of the formal financial system.
The estimated expenditure for welfare and development services in 2006 was approximately EC$ 3.9 million.11
It was necessary to support the efforts of the parties and to promote progress within the framework of the peace process.
(The writer is a Malaysian working in Singapore) 2007-09-21 13:35 2007-09-21 13:39 By Joshua TayDoes the term book-to-bill ratio sound familiar to you
In Central and Eastern Europe, those in poverty are mostly families with children, even when one or both parents have a job.
50. JS8 noted that the Law of non-profit Legal Entities (147 - 1992) lacked clear procedures and requirements for organizational authorization and operation and, thus, allowed for broad discretion in its implementation.
How do I know if my accrued benefits have been properly transferred?
The paper introduces the data capture system on test parameters of the internal-combustion engine performances by adopting sensor and computer technology.
Under this contract we will supply you 1000 dozen T-shirtsM and L equally assorted at US $80 per dozen CFR Barcelona.
She steeled herself to do it. I don't think you were made to write
Sartre emphasized that man must never disclaim the responsibility for his actions.Nor can we avoid the responsibility of making our own choices on the grounds that we 'must' go to work, or we 'must' live up to certain middle-class expectations regarding how we should live.
No one is dare to get close to your dog as it is too feral.
Many plants routinely burn more than one fuel.
The bad news made him sit up.
Cloze: Stingers of the Sea 2007-9-24 15:06 [hide]  Cloze: Stingers of the Sea  Given impressive-sounding names like "Portuguese man-of-war," jellyfish are certainly respected and feared by humans
My host employer has asked me to start my internship next week. Is there time for me to apply?
11. Report of the Economic and Social Council [item 12].
Dominican Republic (3)
In 2002, President Bush made clear that his response to such concrete reforms would be an effort with the United States Congress to ease restrictions on trade and travel between the United States and Cuba.
Budget formulation processes moved from Umoja Extension 1 to Extension 2 to allow for a focus on and the resolution of underlying functionality.
I thought the prank was pretty funny, and I mentioned it to my father.
This meant that the Prosecutor had to retain a trial team for the case until April 2010, although there was no budget provision for it in 2010.
It was the responsibility of all countries to ensure that national economic policy decisions were in harmony with the international economic environment and to consider the possible global impact of such decisions.
 Regarding the question of sustainability beyond December 1995 when UNDP support will terminate, the UNDP project document 18/ recommends that arrangements to absorb activities into the United Nations regular budget be made.
Being late is such an abomination in Sweden it is simply not tolerated.
Type A2 submarine
of Côte d'Ivoire Nouvelles
Article II
The remoteness of certain areas
To keep up with the ever-changing world, we must be equipped with a good command of English.
(c) Transparency.
And ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power
“We belong to different camps, but that does not prevent me from appreciating her as she deserves.
But this is just the beginning, and I look forward to the upcoming cross-learning to become the most memorable period of my life experience.
Silicone sponge is an excellent material for gasketing applications that require a soft compressible material. It is resistant to extreme temperatures and offers good compression set.
(d) Preparation of a comprehensive handbook on victim identification by the Office of Anti-Trafficking Police.
Diseases of the respiratory system
In 2003 the first institutions to embrace this system were: UERJ - Rio de Janeiro State University; UENF - North Fluminense State University; UNEB - Bahia State University; and UEMS - Mato Grosso do Sul State University.
Letter dated 17 October 2002 from the Acting President of the General Assembly addressed to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/57/15)
Guatemala
 This assessment has been corroborated in the talks that the special mission had with the parties, the Force Commander and other UNAMIR personnel, humanitarian aid personnel and also with journalists who reached the sites of carnage in various parts of Rwanda soon after they occurred.
Atmospheric observing systems, including those measuring atmospheric constituents;
U.N. spokesman expressed concern about reports that government shelling has killed civilians.
In this regard, the Russian Federation asked for more details about measures taken to encourage inter-religious dialogue.
We never told him he couldn't run four miles with a 103-degree fever. So he didn't know.
Repeating calculation to find a specific value.
A
According to the 1995 Census, the over-all literacy rate for the Lao PDR was 60 percent, i.e. six out of the population aged 15 years and above could read and write in Lao.
She has set off on a journey round the world. They're going on a world tour.
This doesnt bear the slightest resemblance to anything in real life.
The Partnership in Statistics for Development in the Twenty-first Century (PARIS21) is assisting countries in the development of their national strategies by drafting supporting documentation, through advocacy, and by promoting donor collaboration, organizing regional workshops to discuss issues and share experiences, and helping countries secure appropriate financial and technical assistance for the design and implementation of their strategies.
As regards employment, the campaign was focused on hitherto non-traditional occupations of men and women and on the access of women to managerial posts.
The present lay below.The car was already turning, between little old blackened miners' cottages, to descend to Uthwaite.
When it becomes unnecessary to continue a seizure , the post and telecommunications offices shall be immediately notified .
China has always been firm in its policy of not supporting, encouraging or assisting other countries to develop WMD.
6.5 With regard to article 11, the Committee recalls its recommendation to the State party in its concluding observations, in which it urged the State party to provide for the establishment of a national register of prisoners and to guarantee the right of prisoners to have access to a doctor and to communicate with their family.
Introduction 1 — 5 2
To know that her daughter would be married was enough.
Teacher shows some pictures for children and teach them how to read these words.
) Have only oneself to blameIt is used to say that someones problems are their own fault; they cant blame it on others.
The girl was amusing herself with a doll.
Magpie’s brother just got out of the Nebraska State Reformatory and he is staying there with his old lady, and that’s where Magpie is.
Anyway   mom comes in and goes "you two weren't eating candy before dinner   were you?"
I downloaded a chess game from the internet.
The report thus employs an abnormal approach to the Palestinian situation, which has continued for many years as a matter of foreign occupation by Israel, the occupying Power.
2. The Conference notes that the NPT has faced a number of profound challenges since the last Review Conference due to non-compliance with the Treaty's nonproliferation obligations.
2. Welcomes the fact that the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention of the Secretariat has enhanced its cooperation with other United Nations entities and with other partners involved in assisting Member States in setting up separate juvenile justice systems or in improving existing juvenile justice systems by bringing them in line with United Nations standards and norms in juvenile justice;
Here, all eyes may be on Germany, but today it is really France that will play the central role in deciding the euro’s fate.
It also strongly recommends that the Government consider, on an urgent basis, the adoption of a law on the protection of the child.
515. In 1998, the impact of monetary subsidies on the average income of the poorest households (first and second deciles) was greater than that achieved in the whole of the decade.
The Working Group decided to delete the words in square brackets and to consider the issue of consumer insolvencies within the context of recognition of foreign insolvencies under article 11.
Internal (funds needed for the organization of a third consultative meeting on the new Strategic Framework, participant travel and consultant to assess the advantages and disadvantages of using the host country currency or the dollar as the currency of the accounts and budget of the Convention)
If UNODC is to fulfil its mandate effectively, it needs Member States' support and a strong commitment to provide it with adequate and stable core funding.
The professional says: L is a brick based on building history.
It cannot be said that this process involved a departure from, and even a violation of, the terms of the Treaty of 1904, wherever the map line diverged from the line of the watershed, for, as the Court sees the matter, the map (whether in all respects accurate by reference to the true watershed line or not) was accepted by the Parties in 1908 and thereafter as constituting the result of the interpretation given by the two Governments to the delimitation which the Treaty itself required.
However it is also noted by the above observers that the various chemical alternatives containing copper also present hazards to aquatic species.
19. Figures V-IX are based on the latest data on treatment demand as reported by States through the annual reports questionnaire during the reporting years 2001-2003.
If you don't believe me, go to my room and search for yourself. "
Lung function testing
Report of the Secretary-General on public information activities for United Nations Year of Dialogue Among Civilizations (2001)
Communication No. 393/2009
Association for World Education
86. The rule of law at the national and international levels [P.85].
Thus, in their view, the principle applicable to marine genetic resources of areas beyond national jurisdiction was that of the common heritage of mankind and a specific legal regime needed to be developed based on that principle.
However, for other types of compensation, such as benefits under a life insurance policy, pension funds, etc., a judicial declaration of presumption of death by disappearance must first be made.
Owing to the security situation, no or limited road movements will occur.
Other ethnic group
V735649
Court's dismissed for the day.
He expressed the hope that the exchange of ideas and best practices at the current session of the Governing Council would contribute to improving responses to the rapid urbanization across the world and acknowledged the support of UNEP and UN-Habitat to that end.
Recipients aged 2560 who are employable and who are not single parents with dependent children under seven years are required to participate in training and job search programs in order to continue to qualify to receive benefits.
3 p.m. 18th meeting Conference Room 1
Yet, as the United States points out, it is incongruous to draft a rule on continuous nationality that fails to take account of the period between the dies a quo and dies ad quem.
21. Since 2010, with the support of its partners the Government has carried out numerous actions in the sphere of health:
56. Under the IIA standards, internal auditors must refrain from auditing operations for which they previously had responsibility.
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS
I'd rather be welcoming change than dreading change. I'd rather be excited about making millions than worrying about not getting a raise.
They are ferocious predators with a true love of the hunt. They are extremely talented trackers with a keen sense of smell.
The representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, as well as Azerbaijan, Kuwait and Panama, introduced the draft resolution.
The busier we are, the happier we feel.
The 8.8 quake destroyed homes and bridges.
966. In the years 2001-2003, during the visits the condition of 28.1 thousand tractors, 25.0 thousand trailers, 14.3 thousand harvest combines and 15.3 thousand of other machines used on farms was reviewed.
The selection of courses and activities was made according to community needs and demands.
The baganwa were, for the most part, direct descendants of the King; the political and administrative organization of the country was basically in their hands.
These views were warmly encouraged by Mr. Ricupero, who recalled the importance of ensuring that the "aspirations" of all be heard and taken into consideration in the economic sphere, just as they are, in democratic countries, in the political sphere.
In Aceh, Indonesia, 1,000 teachers were lost after the tsunami in 2004, and 50 per cent of schools were destroyed, leaving 140,000 elementary students and 20,000 junior high school students with nowhere to study.
General Security
That man is absolutely untrustworthy.
Traditional calibration methods cannot be used in seismometers with high - precision, wide dynamic range and broadband.
The Government has also initiated inquiries into other cases of serious human rights violations allegedly committed by the Malian army, including, in particular, into the abduction and enforced disappearance of eight Arab merchants and one Songhay merchant in Timbuktu on 14 February 2013.
(b) While the principles of forest valuation are global, local environmental, social, cultural and economic characteristics of countries should, at the same time, be taken into account.
These requirements would need to be met through an additional appropriation by the General Assembly.
41. The keynote speaker concluded the round table discussion by drawing the audience's attention to the recommended practices on unilateral conduct, elaborated by the International Competition Network.
The European Union asks all the parties involved to fully respect international humanitarian law and human rights in all parts of Afghanistan, and would welcome an international presence, particularly in Bamyan province, to observe compliance with these rights.
The survey will provide internationally comparable results about the employment of persons with disabilities with a view to monitoring advances in accomplishing the goals of the European Employment Strategy and article 27 of the Convention.
(iii) UNEP would like to establish partnerships with the private sector for promoting waste minimization.
Total pensioners
The lack of vaccine resulted in an increase of deaths caused by morbilli from 8 in 1989 to 21 in 1993.
Under Libyan law, the motive for committing an offence is not considered; consequently it does not constitute grounds for permitting a criminal's action or for divesting such action of its unlawful character.
For instance, the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme had so far trained almost 1,000 African officials every year in various capacity-building programmes, while Indian colleges and universities now admitted about 15,000 African students annually.
That is why we wished to be a sponsor of the draft resolution, which we deem to be important and hope will be a point of departure for a new concept and philosophy that will help to strengthen friendly relations of cooperation between the peoples that we represent and will constitute a new basis for friendly relations of social interaction among all peoples, particularly in the countries that we represent.
Group Original distribution
I'll take the round - trip ticket , please.
I. PURPOSE . 1 4
Besides punishing the criminals, the more important purpose of criminal penalty is to help them.
Item 7: Other business
S/2009/105
This continued Rwandan presence, with the concealed motive of continuing the illegal exploitation of the natural resources and all forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is coupled with the avowed irredentist designs of certain authorities within the Government of that aggressor country.
12. Forest ecosystems are a major reservoir of biological diversity, holding the vast majority (between 50 per cent and 70 per cent according to different estimates) of the world’s terrestrial species.
Agenda item 112 (continued)
V. States that have signed, ratified or acceded to the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, as at 14 May 2010 238
" I won't think of it now,'she told herself and hurried her steps.
But spending more time with family, sprinkle with laughter.
100. Objectives.
As a result of weekly Prison Service coordination meetings, the Director General of Prisons established an Inspectorate Unit and appointed a Director.
United Nations Voluntary Fund on Disability
8. In Gabon, the death of long-serving President Omar Bongo Ondimba halfway through a presidential term threw the country into an unexpected electoral process, with scores of political personalities attempting to fill in the seemingly omnipotent role of the late President and heightening the political tension.
E. Indicators related to the 40 eligible heavily indebted poor countries
The improvements that should be incorporated into the United Nations Model are described briefly below:
Such personnel are therefore prohibited from performing the full range of functions envisaged by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/248 and in all subsequent resolutions related to the approval of resources under the support account for peacekeeping operations for the engagement of active-duty military and police officers on secondment from national service.
“METAL ALKYL HYDRIDES, WATER-REACTIVE, N.O.S. or METAL ARYL HYDRIDES, WATER-REACTIVE, N.O.S.”.
One of the most difficult consequences is that the need for proper education for children was not taken into account, which led to another problem in the country with violence in all its forms.
Will a concerted review of the funding since UNCED take place?
The financial report summarizes the financial results of UNICEF activities for the biennium ended 31 December 2007.
And indeed they are.
Contingent report on claims of fraud by peacekeepers at UNOCI
Administrative and financial matters
Rivers of Xinjiang
43. The provision under this heading reflects costs incurred during the emergency evacuation of non-essential staff and their dependants to Cyprus by sea and other naval operation costs incurred from 1 July 2006.
Weekly meetings with officials of the Government of Haiti, political groups and civil society organizations to facilitate a multi-stakeholder process to consolidate agreement on the democratic transition and a national dialogue leading to a common understanding of basic principles of governance and the future of the country
ATM (cash machine) on the first floor of the Secretariat building available 24 hours*
67. The Working Group concluded that further discussion of the matter would be desirable and that such discussion should take place on the basis of recommendations 63 to 68 of the Legislative Guide and their application in the international context of corporate groups.
Occupational diseases per 100,000
 I shall keep you constantly informed of the development of this tragic situation.
Objective of the Organization: to enhance the protection of staff members of the United Nations system, associated personnel, eligible dependants and facilities at all duty stations
We believe that all nations must take positive steps to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
(b) Promote and facilitate, as appropriate, access to and development, transfer and diffusion of technologies, including environmentally sound technologies and the corresponding know-how, to developing countries;
If you wantto bribe me,I am afaird you found the wrong person.
In Korea alone, during its 40-year military occupation Japan had perpetrated crimes including forcibly drafting 8.4 million people, carrying out 1 million genocidal killings and forcing 200,000 people into military sexual slavery.
To propose one publicly detectable watermarking   plan  using error correcting code.
 A realistic assessment of the situation in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip shows that the Palestinian Authority lacks the financial resources to implement and manage major infrastructure projects at this time.
Rouffignac
Programme planning, budget and accounts, Nairobi
All evidence in this room points to the fact that this warning will continue to go unheeded by the majority of environmentalist campaigners.
Spreads on dollar-denominated debt fell by 200 basis points during the second half of 2002 and the first half of 2003.4 Spreads on international bond issues by Latin American borrowers, which had risen sharply with the Argentine default and the political uncertainties in Brazil, declined considerably.
"4. Recognizes the right of everyone to take part in cultural life and to enjoy the benefits of scientific progress and its applications;
It supported the Security Council's willingness to take robust action against any party which undermined the Joint Communiqué and reiterated its commitment to working with the Special Rapporteur and the international community to resolve the crisis.
In 2050, the population of Europe will have diminished by 72 million; Africa's population will be nearly 2 billion.
He moved with grace, assurance, and competence.
And to hear the rattling of that train over the iron bridge is as important as to hear the voice of the bird.
UNOPS had originally hoped to finalize the contract with its construction managers in March 1999 and begin construction in June.
Since Tibet had very little to start with in terms of social development, and because of its high-altitude oxygen deficiency and other harsh natural conditions, the level of modernization in Tibet still lags far behind the coastal areas in southeast China.
:: Artisan communities
(c) Cooperation between the United Nations and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations: draft resolution (A/65/L.55)
No cooperation was specified.
Notaries ask the testator, in addition to witnesses, interpreters, other officers generally not present.
The General Assembly,
But cowell would have the last word with the song he picked for cook.
Expenditure for contingent-owned equipment: major equipment and self-sustainment
and 44) E/1994/104/Add.11
While some steps had been taken to that end, the second performance report made it clear that progress needed to be faster, broader and deeper if the Organization was to rise to the challenges it faced.
Chattel mortgage is the result of the expansion of the traditional immovables and chattel mortgage rights should comply with the principle of going into effect after registration.
81. Transit transport policy reforms and a broad range of trade facilitation measures that have a positive impact on transit costs should be facilitated at all levels.
Your strength gave us strength.
How much is appropriate blood pressure dropped, but rather to be due to people not to be the pursuit of normal blood pressure values.
The operation cannot be performed because this mailbox was already reconnected to an existing user.
The final split of the Units allocated between the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering will be determined after the time of the pricing, expected to be on 11 December 2004.
Security officer of the former President of Ghana
At the mean while, from the total of 1940 registered cases within MoWA during 2006-2009 (1385-1388), 30% of the marriages have been occurred in the early age.
The ground suddenly sank under his feet.
If, furthermore, M&As take place in key industries, "denationalization" can become a political issue.
The project thus represents a unique opportunity to make a huge contribution to solving education and employment problems in this age group.
it is his birthday today. we should celebrate for him.
Stoelmanseiland
In fact, he had a comfortable feeling that he was vastly superior to these wordy maniacs of the working class. Also, he had a great respect for those who sat in the high places and dictated the policies of nations and newspapers.
Rule 106.1. Advances form the Working Capital Fund
Original: English
10. Requests all relevant entities of the United Nations system, particularly the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in cooperation with national Governments, to take immediate, concrete steps to address the needs of countries with high illiteracy rates and/or with large populations of illiterate adults, with particular regard to women, including through programmes that promote low-cost and effective literacy provisions;
Until about five years ago, the very idea that peptide hormones might be made anywhere in the brain besides the hypothalamus was astounding.
Several members of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf also participated.
It was important for peacekeepers to be sensitive to the social environment and observe the culture and customs of the population they were serving.
J. Credentials of representatives to the Conference
On 15 March 2007, at 1720 hours, the Israeli enemy discharged light-weapons fire in the area next to its position opposite Balidah.
This continues a trend, which has been evident since 1991, of an increase in the proportion of "couple only" families and a decrease in the number of "couple with children" families.
Differential operation ( one suction and two discharges per cycle ) keeps the discharge fluctuations Very Low.
Any unit that commits any of the crimes mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs, it shall be fined, and the persons who are directly in charge and the other persons who are directly responsible for the crime shall be punished according to the provisions in the preceding two paragraphs respectively.
General Assembly Hall
The glorious forms of the unending world stirred within my animated soul.
Afghanistan 49 14
The cloud offers the Internet the same advantages that the distribution of electricity had offered in the past.
In Chad, 4 solar mini-grids are under construction, aiming at providing 1250 households and local businesses with electricity.
Technology transfer to support economic and social development and the transfer of environmentally sound and clean technologies are key to advancing the development efforts of the South.
Advice to the Government of Chad through bimonthly meetings on international human rights treaty reporting obligations, in particular on the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
At present, HKSAR passport holders enjoy visa-free access to 127 countries and territories. The department will continue to lobby more countries for maximum travel convenience for our passport holders.
aspiration, wish hope, want desirable
The flight was delayed eleven hours.
The thread then checks to see how many connections are in the free pool, and compares this to the value of the Minimum connections property.
19. The qualitative and quantitative benefits of Umoja have been outlined by the Secretary-General in previous reports submitted to the General Assembly (see A/64/380, sect. II; A/65/389, sect. II; A/66/381, sect. IV.D; A/67/360, sect. III.G; and A/68/375, sect. III.F).
Article 64 Tuition fee collected by institutions of higher learning should be administered and used pursuant to relevant state provisions, any other organization or individual must not use it for other purposes.
In Africa, port reform has been bolder than reforms in other transport sectors such as airports and railways, owing to the geostrategic location, economic importance and sheer complexity of port operations requiring the involvement of multiple operators.
Niger
After discussion, the Working Group agreed that article 13 should be revised to address all the above-mentioned suggestions that received sufficient support (see paras. 45-48 above).
In particular, women trying to maintain or restart their livelihoods after armed conflict are often confronted with multiple challenges.
110. At its 3rd meeting, on 6 June 2005, the Chairman drew attention to a draft resolution on the item (A/AC.109/2005/L.6) and proposed the following oral revisions to the draft resolution, by which:
30. With respect to the elimination of discrimination, article 149 of the Constitution provides for protection from discrimination.
6 items SU-27S
- Using high-pressure tactics;
95. The following events were organized on the premises of the Tribunal during 2004:
They can turn their bodies into mush, climb through small cracks and then solidify into small lumps so that they cannot be extracted.
In some situations OHCHR needed to be represented by deploying a human rights adviser to a country team and in other cases through a self-standing office mandated by the Commission on Human Rights or the General Assembly.
During its annual session on grant allocation, the Board makes recommendations for approval by the Secretary-General on grants to be distributed to projects providing medical, psychological, social, legal and financial assistance to victims of torture and their relatives.
However, legislation giving full recognition to such marriages is absent, with the result that gross inequities and hardships arising from the non-recognition of Islamic marriages still prevail.
The influences of the crystallization ratio and the addition of Al 2O 3 on removing impurities of As and Si were .
Utility knife
The representatives of South Africa (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China) and Japan also made statements.
In 1998, the Government of Norway launched the Norwegian Debt Relief Strategy, which aims at reducing the debt burden of the poorest and heavily indebted countries and enabling them to embark on the next millennium with a debt situation that will not be an impediment to sustained economic and social development.
Chair of the UNASUR Council of Ministers for Foreign Affairs
Girls are regarded as property, who eventually, after marriage, are to become some else's property.
Do I look any different to you?
I mean, I keep falling asleep, you know, at the worst possible moments.
Finally, let me close with some observations on the issue of the Conference on Disarmament.
During the period from 1937 to 1953, tens of thousands of Georgians were moved from Georgia to Abkhazia, with the aim of altering the ethnic and demographic composition of the population of Abkhazia.
370. The significance of an acceptable indoor environment has also been expressed in the interim target adopted by the Riksdag for the National Environmental Quality Objective "A Good Built Environment."
Iran has agreed to allow the inspections as part of a deal to resolve questions about its nuclear activities.
The kind mother holds her child on her lap.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
His delegation would thoroughly scrutinize the justifications for that increase, particularly in respect of peacekeeping missions with no changes in their mandates, and would seek ways of reducing the proposed resource requirements without impairing missions' ability to fulfil their mandates.
Based on the results of that rational expectations theory can not explain this kind of market correction psychology.
In our class, there is a tall fido grow a little bit fat, head slightly large, in a pair of bright flexible below the eye, have a big mouth.
That may be too schematized a presentation to most readers .
Egypt
Murray High school cheerleaders.
Recalling the United Nations Convention against Corruption, which is the most comprehensive and universal instrument on corruption, and recognizing the need to continue to promote ratification or accession to the Convention and its full implementation,
The primary objective of the visit, which will take place in March 1999, is, inter alia, to review the technical assistance needs for strengthening national capacities in promoting and protecting the rule of law, democracy and all human rights.
Someone from camp hiked all the way out here?
However, the OIOS review indicated that this mechanism was not functioning as intended.
 Therefore, the success of the coordination efforts of the United Nations system must be measured at the country level.
They simply remain on call.
The second was the view often associated with the Chicago School, according to which unemployment is a voluntary choice of leisure over work at whatever the offered wage.
42. The unutilized balance resulted primarily from reduced requirements for medical services, owing to the expiration of the contract with the Centre Medical du Kinshasa in March 2009; as well as the non-receipt of invoices for medical services rendered by a military hospital in South Africa.
Youth marginalization and disempowerment is deep and widespread.
Mauritius 26 July 1990 a/ 2 September 1990
Naturally, while each of these organizations may currently play a limited role in firearms tracing, the recent adoption of the CICAD Model Laws and Regulations has proved what vital role these regional organizations can play in the effort to combat illicit firearms trafficking.
We therefore reserve our position.
The tube is placed open end in a cistern partially filled with mercury.
The four television adverts also received remarkable international recognition when they were awarded the first prize from among over 100 entries in the category of Social Advertisements at the Munich Media Convention.
The executive session will focus on identifying key issues that need to be in place to improve the current approach to poverty reduction, and it is expected to make additional concrete proposals on the content of national poverty reduction strategies and international policies.
II. Clergy 49 778
You always stammer when you talk bengali.
Just somewhere safe.
The Section also provides, on a reimbursable basis, security and safety coverage to local offices of the United Nations programmes and the specialized agencies located outside the Gigiri complex.
A year later, executives at NSN and its Finnish-German parents say the gloom is starting to lift.
84. Articles 191 to 193 deal with matters relating to the Public Defender's Office.
Revise the paragraph to read: "(i) Progress in the achievement of United Nations objectives and goals on sustainable development, in particular those related to water, sanitation and human settlements and the 10-year framework of programmes on sustainable consumption and production".
Article 228 of the Code of Criminal Procedure allows the Public Prosecution Service to request information from public and private sector entities, which facilitates the lifting of bank secrecy.
The manner of the realization of the right to water must also be sustainable, ensuring that the right can be realized for present and future generations.i
The State party is also under an obligation to prevent similar violations in the future.
The Acting President (spoke in French): On behalf of the General Assembly, I have the honour to welcome to the United Nations His Excellency Mr. Alfredo Palacio, President of the Republic of Ecuador, and to invite him to address the Assembly.
 Twenty-five civilians emerged from it, and one of them proceeded to photograph the surrounding areas.
God would do His work through Moses.If you know the Lord Jesus as your Saviour from sin, you are Gods child.
Research shows that there is no significant relationship between how much a person earns and whether he feels good about life.
Republic 6 June 1998
"We take people from zero and try to put a positive in their happiness bank account. You don't have to settle just for OKness
As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
FDA is in the process of developing a strategy to deal with this informal sector, limiting it to private land.
This compares to 70 States Parties submitting in 2011.
The economy of local authorities is the only sector of public economy having a deficit at present.
The management of the programme activities is the responsibility of 54 staff (33 Professional staff and 21 General Service staff).
Public Information Office
5. At the 56th meeting, on 22 November, the representative of the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services introduced and orally revised the note by the Secretariat (A/C.3/54/L.100) entitled “Organization of work of the Third Committee and draft biennial programme of work of the Committee for 1999-2000” (see A/C.3/54/SR.56).
Shahnameh
' Dr Rana Mitter, based at Oxford, is one of the UK's leading academics dealing with the recent history of China, and the impact that history has had on the shape and direction of China now and into the future.
38. Ms. Henríquez de Sánchez Baret (Dominican Republic) replied that the Dominican Republic would answer the previous questions in writing within a few days.
Economic development has transformed the new town into a cross-boundary trade centre.
Fourth session
It is not necessary for a crime to have been committed for incitement to be proved.
Henceforth these beings belonged to the statistics as Abandoned children, whom the police take note of, collect, mislay and find again on the pavements of Paris
The key linchpin in this will be China demand.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on construction of additional office facilities at the Economic Commission for Africa in Addis Ababa and the United Nations Office at Nairobi and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Sanctions should be applied in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter and only if all peaceful means of dispute settlement had been exhausted and if the State concerned refused to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
He noted that there is some difficulty in advancing some issues under consideration by the AWG-KP because of linkages that some Parties are making with work under the Ad Hoc Working Group on Long-term Cooperative Action under the Convention (AWG-LCA).
Relevant sections of the report of the Economic and Social Council: Supplement No. 3 (A/56/3/Rev.1)
What kind of food should I eat Should I have a special diet?Will surgery necessary?
It is not clear to us that the interests of millions of people in poorer countries who depend on marginal ecosystems are best served by an exclusive preoccupation with mitigation.
 95. In cases of dismissal on economic or technological grounds, a special procedure must be followed.
Sixtieth session
The soul is capable of travelling at a tremendous pace. And so the question of "when" becomes irrelevant.
th the satellite, China still will not describe openly what actually happened.
Proposal by Lesotho for the amendment of the Preamble
Indicators with available data (605)
(c) Preparation for review conferences; and
However, almost half the 59 LPs surveyed had no allocation to Chinese private equity and only a quarter allocated more than 2 per cent.
Even in developed countries, experience shows that manual disassembly and sorting with proper precautions is likely to be a beneficial complementary step to mechanical processing to maximize material recovery rates.
An important element of their long-term viability is the continued efficacy of the contributing national programmes upon which they often depend.
The Venice carnival is a time of masquerade parties and celebrations throughout the famous city built over water.
FIBA roster header
Master Roshi
10. The Secretariat has sought to identify areas from which resources could be redeployed to meet the additional requirements relating to the conference services and other conference support services referred to in paragraph 9 above.
The two boys took turns at digging the hole.
The functions of DOCO and the Regional UNDG Teams have thus been redefined.
But testing must be voluntary, accessible and confidential, supported with counselling and accompanied by access to treatment wherever possible.
The sociology instructor was new. He was married, and therefore taboo.
New rafters and a new ceiling upstairs also were required, which, with the previous bill, would amount to a sum of twenty pounds.
New Zealand
Figure based on the 2005-based projection of the Working Group Population Distribution for 2007.
The smart man made his fortune by dealing with software.
n. The world economic climate put the development of commerce in a disadvantageous position
Moderate Arab regimes will not dare to engage in an open and serious process of rapprochement with Israel in the absence of real progress over the Palestinian issue.
Some delegations stated that this time frame should be aligned with those stipulated for the other procedures under the protocol.
Urban regionalization is the high stage of urbanization.
The bread is as hard as a brick.
Thirdly, innovative sources of development finance must be sought to counterbalance the decline in official development assistance (ODA).
Document: Report of the Trade and Development Board on its twenty-eighth executive session, nineteenth special session and forty-ninth session: Supplement No. 15 (A/57/15).
One day I realized that I actually could take an oozy in the airport.
The state protects the citizens' ownership and inheritance rights to their legitimate income, savings, housing and other legitimate properties.
In project government process, he can drive the job of group member, promote the project management of staff level capability.
She has a magic touch with plants -- there is a green kingdom on her balcony.
The courses last for six months and two courses are delivered every year.
Article 19
118. The Executive Boards of the four funds and programmes had adopted a robust decision on cost recovery, with UN-Women expected to follow suit after the end of this session.
What did she know? Big dummy.
 20. My Special Representative met with Mr. Nelson Mandela, President of ANC, in Johannesburg on 18 December 1993.
We hope that this freedom of expression will allow you to help create a community as varied and lively as the world it exists in.
My wife always complains when I smoke. She says smoking is the worst thing.
With the research above, a new rate control algorithm is realized by C, which is based on the valid-bit-number coding model and the rate-distortion optimization technique.
2. Lord's Resistance Army (LRA)
24. Improvements to national vehicle efficiency standards and investments in alternative fuels and vehicles help local governments to reduce greenhouse gas and local air pollutants.
You look the picture of health.
 Christian Dominic, La notion du caract\x{92e8}e ennemi des biens priv\x{5ee5} dans la guerre sur terre (Gen\x{92e6}e, 1961), p. 55 et seq., 66-68, 83 et seq., 98 et seq. [381]/ Seidl-Hohenveldern, op. cit., p. 7.
This is the only time the event broadcast on the Chinese national anthem, and another on the 9th China's Li Meiju won the women's shot put bronze medal, and other Chinese players are out of the medals.
Make no excuses, go the gym
14. Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner to convene a third meeting of experts on traditional and new forms of mercenary activities as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to selfdetermination, respecting the main objectives defined in paragraph 16 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2004/5;1
Peru
This resulted in widespread suffering involving psychological trauma, as these people, already among the poorest of the population, have been placed in sites with no access to basic services.
Analysis on the Steel Sheet Lamellar Cracking for Oil Sump of Diesel Engine
D. Respect for the views of the child (art. 12) 59 - 64 12
Since total changes to the initial 2006-2007 budget do not exceed 3 per cent of approved appropriations, these are not presented in detail in the present report (as recommended by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in its report of 26 February 2003 (E/CN.7/2003/16)).
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 123 appear in the report of the Committee contained in document A/56/736.
NAM reaffirms the importance and relevance of the United Nations Disarmament Commission as the sole specialized deliberative body within the United Nations multilateral disarmament machinery.
Tunisia
Expounded the importance of blood stasis in children allergic purpura from TCM and Western medicine, at the same time, gave prescription and drugs to treat the disease.
Determined to treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner, on the same footing and with the same emphasis,
1. Do you have a single room available tomorrow night
Strength and dignity are her clothing, And she smiles at the future
But you should know
Treat each others' friends and relatives with courtesy--even if you don't like their family and/or friends, you treat them with respect and courtesy for the sake of your spouse; they deserve that much.26
Bipolar disorder
The Agreement makes provision for co-operation in the following areas: exchange of information that may assist in the prevention, detection and investigation of a crime, provision of assistance in the investigation of facts of crime and of activities of persons, organisations, offices and undertakings, checking the persons, articles and documents according to the appropriate records, exchange of work experience by organising and delivering, inter alia, secondment programmes, consultations and workshops.
This flannelette is composed of base cloth and flocks.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee
The external capital market remains relatively undeveloped in Germany.
Already, studies to identify genes associated with common diseases – including some that represent significant health, economic, and social burdens, such as cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity – are beginning to enable doctors to use patient DNA information to inform clinical care.
19. At the 26th meeting, on 23 October, the representative of the Philippines introduced a draft resolution entitled "Trafficking in women and girls" (A/C.3/69/L.21).
Her theory was quoted without an acknowledgement.
Activity Status of Therapeutic Radiographers Covered
Enjoy up to an ounce a day of nuts and dark chocolate to provide all the benefits you need without excess calories, fat, or sugar.
Umirim
A further challenge for developing countries is how to move from low-value, commodity-based activities to higher-value and technology-driven production.
19. Encourages national institutions to seek accreditation status through the International Coordinating Committee of National Institutions, and notes with satisfaction the strengthening of the accreditation procedure and the continued assistance of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in this regard, as well as the assistance of the Office to the Conferences of the International Coordinating Committee;
In-house, the Gender Mainstreaming Unit will work with all units, including through the programme review mechanism, to ensure that all interventions adopt a gender perspective.
If now I use equation number six, then I find the period, and I find that it takes about 31 hours for this object to go around the Earth.
For the sake of the entire global economy, one hopes that China gets it right.
It is based on a set of general principles - equality of opportunity, independent living, sustainability and participation - which form the support and justification of the measures it contains.
There was no question that those operations had promoted the cause of peace and stability, as shown by the number of missions carried out to date.
To my amazement, the music he plays out sounds both tuneful and vigorous.
It was explained, in a manner satisfactory to the Commission, that, with the exception of the quantity of agents, munitions and production equipment seen and destroyed by the Commission's inspection teams, all the chemical assets had been either destroyed or otherwise disposed of.
Without faith, without belief in something, what are we?
You know, I'm over all of that drama.
49. The Ministry of Communities and Returns has adopted a work plan aimed at improving the Ministry's management. It has also started to implement recommendations made by the Independent Oversight Board regarding deficiencies in employment procedures.
Unit 345 Why don't we go to a movie?
With the introduction of its field mobility policy in 2006, and the subsequent deployment of Professional staff to the field, UNIDO's field-based technical cooperation capacity has been enhanced accordingly.
 The report of the special session of the UNICEF/WHO Joint Committee on Health Policy (JCHP), held at Geneva on 27 and 28 January 1994, is contained in document E/ICEF/1994/L.10. JCHP has made recommendations for endorsement by the Board.
2002-2003: 10,000 downloads
Detainees are denied medical care, and the health and hygiene needs of female detainees are ignored.
I reiterate my previous assessment and recommendation (see S/2013/220, para. 48) to increase the military component of the Mission by 15 military observers.
Philippines
wipe clean teeth to protect the articulate, when is getting popular.
As discussed in paragraphs [23-24]23-24 above, the Panel recommends no award of compensation in respect of the loss types or loss elements to which the irregular documents relate.
 The dispute related to the implementation of the 1946 Treaty of Paris on the situation of the German-speaking and Ladino-speaking populations in Southern Tyrol.
INTO the second week of Corporal Gilad Shalit's hostage ordeal, both sides have turned up the heat.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to report on the implementation of the above-mentioned paragraphs of the present resolution in the context of his performance report;
In addition, it describes recent trends in the legal and regulatory environment for international maritime transport and looks at the issue of connecting landlocked countries to maritime shipping services.
Lastly it discusses the limitation and condition of natural science methods applied in social science research.
With tears that want to flow from my eyes, I feel that my heart, along with my composure, slowly dies.
" said the count.
It is that, next to you, Bertuccio must be the richest gentleman in Europe
The statement in the report that “in practice there are no effective coordination mechanisms for post-conflict peace-building at the policy, Headquarters and system-wide levels” is not substantiated and does not take into consideration the important country-specific coordination mechanisms that have been established and are being strengthened within the framework of the Department of Political Affairs, the executive committees, the Administrative Committee on Coordination and the Inter-Agency Standing Committee.
Proposals for improving the documentation situation were made in the context of the reform of the Department.
Every girl when she was fallen in love with somebody, she was so happy and terrified.
A node with only white space characters and no significant white space.
The moonlight lit up our hearts, and rare stars distributed in the dark sky had gotten into our dreams easily.
Moreover the constitutive relation and the strength of rock and soil blending are studied.
This was not done, however.
In 7th grade, I started to paint. I had to draw something everyday after lunch.
Sr. Mariano Simón Padrós
or Punishment
Other matters.
The United States is a party to the Hague Conventions of 1899, as revised in 1907, and the Convention on Conventional Weapons.
Of course, these are still only benchmark tools.
She died when I was in post. She wasn't on the plane.
VII. Efficiency
We would appreciate the insertion of the additional information provided in middle column of the table below:
My everyday wisdom was ashamed. I went astray in the fairyland of things.
Louise: No, but I'm the oldest of six kids...so I'm sure I can handle anything you got
3. The Committee shall not decide on the merits of a complaint without having considered the applicability of all the admissibility grounds referred to in article 22 of the Convention.
Of course, you cow, there are more cattle than you people.
5. Progress, albeit at different rates and with differing patterns of regional trends, was observed in other MDGs.
Based on the materials in the case file (more specifically, reports by Mr. Alekseyev, detective officer at Naberezhnye Chelny Train Station Line Police Department, Mr. Rastsvetayev and other detective officers from the same Police Department), the police knew the names of Mr. Matveyev and Ms. Fedorchuk right after the test drug purchase operation on June 25, 2009.
Even after seven years of service to the Covenant he could not help marveling at their copious wealth of heat.
Also victims of this "social cleansing" are those deemed socially undesirable.
- Mr. Antoine Mindua (Democratic Republic of the Congo)
5. Consideration of reports on the work of the Standing Committee:
SALESWOMAN: Well, you made a good choice. Coming to us, I mean.
He hoped that the draft Guide to Enactment would point out that States wishing to adopt article X should give careful consideration to precisely defining the commencement and termination of proceedings.
Table 12.3 Rate of prevalence of contraception by method 46
48. The responsibilities of the developing countries also could not be understated.
The Council may establish separate accounts for specific purposes that it may establish in accordance with the objectives of the present Agreement.
Although they accounted for less than 5 percent of Tibet's population, they owned all of Tibet's farmland, pastures, forests, mountains and rivers as well as most livestock.
There was no ready - countermeasure to solve fire problem of flue gas electrostatic precipitation of anode furnace.
Member States Their role is crucial for adopting a clear position on multilingualism, expressed through their participation in the legislative bodies of the different United Nations system organizations, and for supporting its implementation by endorsing all the necessary measures to achieve it (recommendation 15).
It is worth mentioning that a subregional conference recently held in Bucharest provided a useful evaluation of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action on the status of women in Central and Eastern Europe.
Saudi Arabia
Recalling that pursuant to articles 38 (a) and (b) of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure (S/AC.26/1992/10), the Governing Council encouraged the adoption of consolidation and other administrative procedures to facilitate the resolution of nearly 2.7 million claims filed with the Commission,
However, according to recent research, access to justice free of charge is made subject to conditions that make it unattainable in practice.
Mr. Bhaer spoke warmly, and walked to the fire, crumpling   the paper in his hands.
Including a pro-poor dimension in STI policy involves significant changes in policy formulation and implementation.
Department of Pharmacology; College of Pharmacy; Second Military Medical University; Shanghai 200433;
The thesis puts forward eight reference methods on activating students'background knowledge.
MPF Registration No. :
The Optional Protocol to the Convention is a very important step forward in the protection of United Nations and associated personnel.
116. The example of management of risk arising from nuclear installations in East European States is even more interesting.
49. The Advisory Committee was also informed that the key factors leading up to the formulation of the revised deployment strategy included: (a) the delay in the completion of the design (see paras. 41-43 above); (b) the need to prioritize the functions required to support IPSAS; and (c) the need to ensure optimum organizational readiness of each office, department and other entity.
International Tennis Federation(ITF
Richard Benyon
362. The Committee noted that measures adopted by CEB to enable a rapid response by the United Nations system to the global economic and financial crisis were focused on the "world's most vulnerable", a category that differed from United Nations language.
The situation in Iraq is still very bad.
Netherlands, Uruguay, Jordan, Mali
The second chapter focuses on the analysis of substantive law of security class action lawsuits.
Do you know what Im doing?
For the first time, the global atmospheric abundance of bromine from halons had stopped increasing, and halon-1211 had actually declined.
Peter Caruana, leader of the Gibraltar Social Democratic Party, was reappointed Chief Minister of Gibraltar. Joseph Bossano continues as Leader of the Opposition.
124. The Special Rapporteur has taken note with satisfaction of the progress achieved with the help of the legal assistance programme, which normally involves six international and eight Burundian lawyers brought together by OHCDHB.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 110.
--  W: I have to remind you that our terms are C.I.F. port of London.
Mr. Aka Edoukou Jean-Baptiste Kablan (Côte d’Ivoire)
These verbs mean to be without something, especially something that is necessary or desirable.
Method of amendment These Rules may be amended by a decision of the Assembly taken by a two-thirds majority of the States Parties present and voting after the Bureau has reported on the proposed amendment.
Donors and other contributors should embrace elements of the strategy best suited to their capabilities and resources.
1. Witnesses to history and active on the world stage today, we have come from every corner of Africa and the world and gathered here in Cotonou, Benin, from 16 to 20 November 2010 and, as the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of independence draws to a close, we shall take away with us the idea that audacity remains the only challenge for a new Africa.
Add the practical difficulties of broken-down roads and few cars and trucks, and economic isolation follows.
For UNCDF, integration in the United Nations joint programming process means working closely with United Nations country teams to promote and clarify the importance of its two practice areas for the achievement of the MDGs.
That process of reflection is an ongoing one, but part of the answer is to constantly remind ourselves that it is wrong to hold an entire community accountable for the deeds of individuals.
7 June-2 July 2010
They are reportedly held incommunicado, in over-crowded and unhygienic conditions, with little access to medical care, sometimes for extended periods of time.
26. The audit confirmed that effective controls were in place to ensure the integrity of the registration stage of the resettlement process and that sanctions were commensurate with the gravity of fraud so that a robust deterrent message is unequivocally conveyed to the refugee community and to publicize sanctions to facilitate deterrence.
Given these tensions, it is no surprise that the issue of disputed sovereignty in the South China Sea is almost certain to claim center stage at this month’s ASEAN Regional Forum, and at the East Asia summit in Bali that will follow it.
'It's a Wall Street event, but people want to know how it affects them,' he says.
National definition of hazardous wastes
Azide
In summer we mow our lawn once a week.
Crouch to stand up is right head painful how to do?
The arrival of silver from the New World in the sixteenth century triggered sustained inflation.
9. Algeria declared that its ratification of the Convention did not imply its recognition of Israel and could not be interpreted as leading to the establishment of relations with Israel.
30. The Heads of State or Government welcomed the adoption of decisions aimed at strengthening and revitalising the role of the General Assembly as the highest deliberative and decision-making organ of the United Nations.
Informal meeting on the report of the Secretary-General on the Peacebuilding Fund
Institutions
Recognizing the need to further enhance the role, authority, effectiveness and efficiency of the General Assembly,
13. Mr. van den Bossche (Belgium), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries (Bulgaria and Romania), the candidate countries (Croatia and Turkey), the stabilization and association process countries (Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia), and, in addition, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, paid tribute to the nine Bangladeshi peacekeepers who had lost their lives in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in February 2005.
 Where else could we carve out a global test ban? Where else can we cast norms of global applicability? Where else can we extend an international society based on law and contract?
When a love comes to an end, weaklings cry, efficient ones  find another love and wise already had one in reserve.
a/ Includes assistance to procurement for government projects.
The national justice system will function adequately for the prosecution of serious crimes.
Many delegations called for developing countries to be granted adequate policy space and the flexibility to adapt policies to specific national circumstances.
 Specifically, severe, unreasonable and, in the case of the Muslim Rakhine population, racially based restrictions are placed on travel inside the country and abroad.
The fact that the States in question had breached their obligations was likely to undermine the development of international cooperation on the peaceful uses of nuclear energy, to the detriment of States that complied with their obligations and at a time of growing global demand for energy, which nuclear energy could help to meet.
In the property market, activity has picked up and the decline in flat prices also seems to have been arrested somewhat. Local share prices have rebounded. Inbound tourism has been increasing for three months in succession. The unemployment rate has also shown signs of stabilizing.
AA2008/710/05
Kenya
)Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience. (Samuel Smiles, British writer)
Significant obstacles remain, including opposition from Belgrade and local Kosovo Serb leaders, intimidation from Kosovo Serb communities of those choosing to join KPC and insufficient funding.
XI
 25. The Conference secretariat continues to receive a large number of requests from non-governmental organizations for information about the Conference and its preparatory process, as well as the participation of non-governmental organizations.
II. Background
SEVAN (3)
Each pattern stands for the distinct chemical element and so different sets or patterns of spectrum lines mean the star has different chemical composition.
- Policy on equal access to agricultural land for men and women (INRA);
The Georgian side also claimed that as part of the rotation, the CIS peacekeeping force introduced additional troops and heavy weapons into the zone of conflict.
We were neighbours.
This speech did not merely make a great impression, it produced a thrill of excitement in the lodge.
You wouldn't lie to me, would you?
we finish what we started-- what's this?
A. J. P. Taylor
B Yes, youre right.Its too hot.I think we need a cool drink.
Saint-Barthélemy, Landes
It allows you to easily learn during all the day while you are working with your PC.
What? no... yes   I did.
Today, a national system of workplace relations, established under the Fair Work Act 2009, covers the majority of employers and employees in Australia.
Previously, 80 per cent of local children had not attended school or received regular meals.
Engineering and construction services
Millettia pinnata
Since 1967, Israel, the occupying Power, has expropriated thousands upon thousands of dunums of Palestinian land in Occupied East Jerusalem.
I dare say my uncle will. I have no other relatives .
Morocco renewed its appeal to States which had not yet done so to ratify the Convention with the same level of will and enthusiasm which had inspired them to sign the instrument.
Battle of Adrianople
Any suggestion that the group opposed accountability was entirely unfounded.
 Furthermore, on 4 August 1994, the Israeli Air Force bombarded the village of Deir Zahrani, causing the death of 6 civilians (3 of whom were children), injuring 14 others and destroying buildings and property.
In closing, Albania called on Member States to act together to save the children of Syria.
Delegations are reminded that the names of their representatives, alternates and advisers to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) are to be submitted to Ms. Emer Herity, Secretary of the Committee (e-mail herity@un.org; room IN-613C or NL-1033D; fax 1 (212) 963-5305).
Pow
For issues on which we still have significant differences to resolve, I should like to have completed a more detailed review of the options available, including in small groups where appropriate.
I appeal to speakers to cooperate in this respect.
The variance is due to the projected deployment of all national staff approved for the 2004/05 period (compared to their phased deployment during that period) combined with the provision for 70 additional staff based on their deployment in January 2006.
Victoria Dergunova
This paper analyzes some relevant literature researches on Chinese online information literary education by using biblio-metrical method and literature content analysis in the last few years.
Percentage of total liability funded
Nepal 14 May 1991 b/
According to the committee's proposal, the main legal sanction against contravention of this prohibition will be compensation for damage of a nonpecuniary nature (redress).
Rule No. 1 Life is not fair;
Apart from human rights and legal issues, the government collaborates with NGOs in core development activities.
I mangle their faces, till no features remain.
The Evaluation Office also held training courses to improve internal evaluation capacity.
The members of the Council considered this request and agreed that they should facilitate the Mozambique electoral process to the extent they were able.
Since the adoption of the Convention, the limitations of its scope of application to United Nations operations and associated personnel have become apparent.
It also looks at the interface between formal and customary law, and promotes the use of a human rights-based approach to programming on inclusive governance.
Can you please check whether any bills were issued this morning?
And he worries about issues no straight military spouse ever faces.
26-30 May
4.3. Proportion of 1 year-old children immunised against measles
Recalling the obligation to respect and strictly observe international humanitarian law, including the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War and to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, as well as, for the States parties, the two Protocols additional to the Geneva Conventions of 8 June 1977,
Agenda items 128 and 140
This paper describes technology process of stator frame and rotor spider for Ertan power station.
Public policies were essential to optimize the impact of the creative nexus between investment, technology, entrepreneurship and trade, to enhance creative capacities for inclusive development.
and of the Arab population in the Occupied
Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the World Summit on the Information Society (General Assembly resolution 62/182)
53. The Ocean Genome Legacy is a non-profit, private research foundation whose mission includes promoting the conservation of marine genomic diversity through the creation and maintenance of a publicly accessible, permanent archival collection of genomic DNAs, DNA libraries, voucher specimens and voucher strains and development of improved methods for genome resource banking, including genome amplification and cell and tissue cultivation and preservation.
To this effect, the target group must be well reached.
This campaign attracted considerable notice.
How is the United States harnessing the power of waves to make renewable energy
Agenda item 136
Granularity effects are eliminated and matrix effects are decreased by high temperature fusion technique.
Dominican Republic
Report of the Secretary-General on developments in the field of information and telecommunications in the context of international security
Agreement on these so-called output floors has so far proved impossible.
The SBSTA requested the secretariat to prepare a report on possible options for increasing the participation of youth and other groups in meetings of the COP, for consideration by the SBI at a future session;
No attempt will be made to include here the products of microbial metabolism that have effects on plant growth.
Empress Xia
Ms. Rivero (Uruguay) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation has the honour of speaking on behalf of the member countries of MERCOSUR, Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay and the associated States Chile and Bolivia.
Bank communications become more effective.
In doing so, enterprises ought to consider that the perception of usefulness and the use of such reporting are highly specific to the target group.
The Meeting recalled that the report served as a strategic tool for the United Nations to avoid duplication of efforts in the field of space science and technology, and that future reports should highlight efforts of the United Nations system in delivering as one on space-related activities for the development agenda.
In the framework of the interreligious dialogue programme, a seminar on science and spirituality gathered outstanding researchers from various scientific fields and religious, humanistic and atheistic personalities who discussed the theme in Almaty (Kazakhstan) in September 2001.
Conclusions
The buyer failed to pay and also argued that the products delivered were of poor quality.
Item 3 (c) of the provisional agenda*
Some are reluctant balancers.
And demodulating the first information signal by the second transmitting and receiving device with using the multiple-input multiple-output technique and the orthogonal frequency division multiplexing method.
17. The Section on Insolvency, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights (SIRC) of the Legal Practice Division of the International Bar Association undertakes a number of activities in the area of insolvency law.
Pursuant to the Abyei Protocol, Warab State, local Ngok Dinka and local Misseriya were entitled to a total of approximately $1.34 million during the same period.
(Number of activities aimed at increasing cooperation relating to the conservation and sustainable use of marine living resources and their particular biodiversity, in areas beyond national jurisdiction)
The residual duty of the host State to imprison sentenced persons if the Court has not been able to designate a State of imprisonment will only apply in an exceptional situation, which inherently does not conform to the principle of equitable burden sharing. GE.98—72534 (E)
And in the long run, Americans may have to accept a lower homeownership rate to pay for taking the boom and bust out of the market.
31st meeting
Article 81 While disposing of the assets and properties of a foreign-capital enterprise, Chinese enterprises or other economic organizations shall, under equal conditions, have the priority in purchasing the aforesaid assets and properties.
183. Most countries of the region of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) have formulated national environmental strategies and action plans aimed at integrating environmental concerns into economic development plans and setting priorities to achieve sustainable development.
The Commission's analysis found that the acquisition would have both horizontal and vertical implications, as both parties were involved in a number of overlapping markets, including mobile telecommunications, fixed local telephony, long-distance fixed telephony, Internet access services, data transmission services and, public telephone services.
274. Act No. 94-86 of 23 June 1994 on distribution systems for farm and fisheries products also provides consumer-protection measures at the stage of conservation and marketing of the products.
Without the United Nations many small States like Saint Kitts and Nevis would lose a champion of collective interests.
The project concept also includes 11 Annexes describing specific needs and priorities at country level as well as practical details on national implementation partners.
The review of the initial report was completed and the review report was published on 12 December 2007.
Each applicant shall, in the application, elect either to:
The overall budget delivery rate stood at 70 per cent; the performance rate in the decentralization and local development practice area was 77 per cent, and the performance rate in the inclusive finance practice area was 80 per cent.
Hizbullah is clearly acting with the intent to build on the hostilities initiated by Palestinian terrorists to set off a much broader confrontation in the region.
The boundaries of 488 indigenous areas, covering 105.6 million hectares, or 12.4 per cent of the national territory, had already been defined.
The aim was to build a workstation computer for the higher-education market.
The review contained 12 recommendations, of which 5 were addressed to the Director-General and 7 to the Council of Administration for action.
46. The Committee further recommends that the State party take effective measures to combat trafficking in women, inter alia, by ensuring that those responsible for trafficking are prosecuted, and to ratify the international instruments aimed at intensifying cooperation in this field among States, including the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children.
The Court established that the duration of the maternity leave, its form and the amount of the benefit had not been specified and that it was therefore unable to apply the article.
Contents
Similarly, the collaboration between ECA and the Organization of African Unity (OAU), in the context of the joint secretariat established by the OAU Summit, centres on supporting the establishment of AEC.
Please provide the bill of lading and the cabinet material the PO # second ticket produces goods.
On 24 October 1991, the Government of Malawi notified the Secretary-General of its decision to withdraw the following reservations made upon accession:
It added that by the end of 2011, 38 000 police officers had been trained within the framework of a programme carried out in cooperation with the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR).
Tin Ka Ping Secondary School
Kazakhstan reiterates its position to curb international arms trade.
The OSCE Istanbul summit of 1999 demonstrated the desire of the European States to enter the third millennium in peace and security and their willingness to protect the territorial integrity and independence of countries and to protect human rights and extend democracy.
It should also provide a short and simple focus for the Convention.
The refitted resonant column apparatus in the Institute of Engineering Mechanics is employed for the experimental investigation and its accuracy and reliability have been verified by the tests.
Seminar on Cruise Line Management
Tetracera
The issue of spouse employment is a well known and long standing one.
(i) To ensure full, safe and unhindered access to humanitarian aid and take measures to allow humanitarian agencies to secure its impartial delivery to all parts of the country on the basis of need in accordance with humanitarian principles, as it pledged to do, and to ensure access to adequate food and implement more effective food security policies, including through sustainable agriculture, sound food production distribution measures and the allocation of more funds to the food sector, and to ensure adequate monitoring of humanitarian assistance;
Three of them were subsequently stabbed to death and their bodies disposed of near the village.
The theme of the Decade is "Indigenous people: partnership in action".
The purpose of provisions on the rights and obligations of third-party obligors is to enhance the efficiency of secured transactions where the encumbered asset is a payment obligation or other performance owed by a third party to the grantor by:
Kevin Costner is the man who is more than friendly to the whole family.
  He talked about having worked as a carpenter and how he liked to go fishing.
This is the case even where a number of women have been voted into office and have successfully represented their constituents.
Troop-manned static observation post person-days (8 troops per post x 37 posts x 92 days and 8 troops per post x 20 posts x 273 days); reflects a reduction in the number of observation posts following the ban on helicopter flights in October 2005
The Section also launched a records management campaign with the Office of the Capital Mater Plan to assist offices in relocating from swing space during the upcoming biennium.
 (annoying person) I don't like him because he is a jerk.
Population trends and dynamics affect prospects for poverty reduction and sustainable development, as underscored in the ICPD Programme of Action.
Agenda item 121 (e)
18. The Committee's request for gender-disaggregated statistics had been addressed since 1996 through the National Statistical and Census Institute (INDEC) Programme for the Redesign of the Integrated System of Sociodemographic Statistics (CEDAW/C/ARG/4, p. 25).
Adriana : No way! This is TV studio, not a nightclub!
Disbursements Unencumbered balance
The metrological administrative departments of the people's governments at or above the county level shall make compulsory verification of the public standards of measurement, the ultimate standards of measurement used in the departments, enterprises and institutions as well as the working measuring instruments used in settling trade accounts, safety protection, medical and health work, or environmental monitoring that are listed in the compulsory verification catalogue.
2. The Presidents noted their commitment to develop their relations on the basis of the values such as the rule of law, democracy, human rights and market economy.
Securing a coherent, long-term and predictable fund-raising strategy for the Convention;
Mr. Zhang Yishan
Through the Government website, all government Ministries and departments outline services offered, access to such services and links to some privately owned websites in the country.
The average internal costs declined with the size of the company, while the external costs remained nearly stable.
Moreover, graduation into "value added" agro-based manufacturing was highly desirable.
16. "The prevention, treatment and control of epidemic, endemic, occupational and other diseases" requires the establishment of prevention and education programmes for behaviourrelated health concerns such as sexually transmitted diseases, in particular HIV/AIDS, and those adversely affecting sexual and reproductive health, and the promotion of social determinants of good health, such as environmental safety, education, economic development and gender equity.
The Vatican says bishops and other high - level clergy should report clerical sex abuse to police.
(x) Right to submit a complaint to the Committee (Optional Protocol, art. 1)
Public denial of the 1932-1933 Holodomor in Ukraine shall be recognized as a desecration of the memory of millions of victims of the Holodomor as well as disparagement of the Ukrainian people and shall be unlawful.
The wind was fierce that day, and sometimes blew the smoke down the chimney.
The role of UNFPA in humanitarian and emergency response was also commended.
UNHCR, in close cooperation with the Ministry of Repatriation and the Afghan Assistance Coordination Authority, has been preparing to help up to 1.2 million refugees and internally displaced persons return to their homes in 2002.
United Republic of Tanzania
We are working also with the United Nations Association of the United States of America (UNA-USA) to develop model United Nations video and curriculum materials aimed at enhancing the simulation and learning experience offered by the model United Nations programmes and expanding it throughout North America and beyond.
Head 180: Television and Entertainment Licensing Authority.
In October 2012, it also documented three cases of boys manning an army checkpoint near San Pedro.
Similarly, a procedure for revocation litigation on the deportation order, under article 20 of the Administrative Litigation Act, would potentially have been open to the author.
The initiative of the Kyrgyz President to proclaim 20 February a world day of social justice would serve as such a mechanism.
This would strengthen the EU Council’s common position, which already defines general rules for the control of exports of military technology and equipment.
Surgery is the only choice of treatment if aspiration pneumonia, mediastinitis or other infections occur.
All of the volunteers were then asked to rate how immoral it would be for someone to take an abandoned bicycle rather than report the bicycle to the police.
23. As indicated in the report of the Working Group on the Financing of UNRWA (A/60/439), the funding gap for the Agency's regular budget had declined owing to a combination of exchange rate gains and increased contributions by some donors.
And the man of Zheng didn't know which is really valuable.
We all know them, and we all agree theyre great. They travel.
108. OAU and the subregional groups, with the assistance of the international community if necessary, should also play a leading role in data collection and sharing, early-warning systems and standard-setting.
Acting as an attorney for enforcement of binding legal documents issued by court or arbitral organization.
 Mandating the IAEA to act as the verification agency of the test-ban treaty would, in our opinion, be justified.
Special Envoy of the Secretary-General to Myanmar
Shannon Brown
Permanent Representative
At the same time, a phased reform of the education system is under way: the purposes and content of education have been radically reviewed, new curricula and syllabuses have been developed, some subjects have been combined and teachers' weekly workload has been increased by two hours.
The coalition of resources works better when it is focused on specific and well-defined themes, and this is why the Commission decided to convene a workshop on information and communication technologies (ICTs) in transmission infrastructure, education and health.
14 May 1999
Notification document for transboundary movements/shipments of waste
40. Outputs were properly delivered, but the degree of effectiveness is uneven and the assessment mixed:
I also like watching track events and gymnastics.
They can then transfer those books onto their e-book devices such as Sony's Reader, iRex Techologies' iLiad or the Cool-er.
Signed at Lisbon, on 12nd September 2002.
Support groups have sprung up, through which parents exchange ideas and share information.
The Committee also noted indications that Switzerland would apply for membership of the United Nations before the end of the year.
So good! so yummy, yummy, yummy!
The Republic had weathered a serious crisis.
The long-term acceptance is strong, the rest is just details.
Article 47 These  Regulations  shall  be  implemented  as  from  the  date   of promulgation.
In its recommendations, the Working Group requests States to enforce the protection of every person's right to liberty under customary international law; to ensure that the required guarantees and safeguards are extended to all forms of deprivation of liberty; and to ensure that persons are not held in pretrial detention for periods longer than those prescribed by law, as well as ensuring that such persons are promptly brought before a judge.
He added that it did seem immoral of Guo Meimei to flaunt her wealth and use the name of the Red Cross Society of China.
WHEREAS the foregoing fundamental principles and rights are also recognized or reflected in regional human rights instruments, in domestic constitutional, statutory and common law, and in judicial conventions and traditions.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognize the efforts of Council members in managing an ever more complex and demanding agenda.
 Global trends towards liberalization of international trade, market orientation and deregulation, and environmental considerations will be fully taken into account.
I love your brother. I do. I do.
In this regard, I welcome recent Iraqi-led dialogue initiatives.
Josa
134. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II.
65. However, unless industrial policies are complemented with other policies, including supportive macroeconomic, investment, enterprise development and competition policies, they might not produce the desired outcomes or introduce further distortions.
It can have several adverse effects on the central nervous system in adults, increase risk of cardiovascular disease, and cause kidney problems, miscarriages, respiratory failure, and even death.
He or she might create a huge load on the back-end without realizing it or actually be almost incapable of realizing it.
The knowledge of good and evil is ours forever; religion is rebuilding, the respect for holy things has been restored to us, and, if the world is not yet wholly good, then at least it is becoming better.
C-OctaBDE was detected in 3 of 51 sediment samples from Japan in 1987 at concentrations from 8 to 21 ug/kg (detection limit 7 ug/kg; ww or dw not specified), and in 3 of 135 samples collected in 1988 at concentrations of 15 to 22 ug/kg (detection limit 5 ug/kg; ww or dw not specified) (Environment Agency Japan 1991).
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) adopted 25 draft resolutions and three draft decisions, of which 11 draft resolutions and all three draft decisions were adopted without a vote.
The Mission must receive the resources it required to be able to assist in improving civilian and security institutions, promoting good governance, fostering economic development and strengthening coordination among the agencies of the United Nations system, particularly during the current food crisis.
Therefore, since Mara could have no power over the Silent Buddha, he wished to destroy him.
4.1 In a submission dated 29 November 1999 the State party contends that the author failed to establish a prima facie case for the purpose of admissibility and, accordingly, the communication should be declared inadmissible.
II. OUTCOME OF THE DJIBOUTI PREPARATORY CONFERENCE ON JUSTICE AND RECONCILIATION
The minister's decision was a slap in the face to those who had tried to change his mind.
In previous elections, voters wanted to break old ties between the military, business and government and to shake off other vestiges of the authoritarian rule of the 1970s and 1980s.
A time profile of activities could be given, showing when they started, the expected completion date, and so on.
You see. . .
The Secretary-General, acting as Chairman of the Chief Executives Board, in close coordination with the Executive Secretary of UNFCCC and with the assistance of the Environment Management Group, should launch an internal clearing-house mechanism to offset those emissions that cannot be reduced through in-house environmental measures by using the Clean Development Mechanism without prejudice to carbon offsets made through the existing mechanisms and/or initiatives already under way within the United Nations system.
Undeniably, this is a critical area where significant support from development partners is essential.
There is a certain poetry to the language which l couldn't resist.
"7. We believe that an appropriate balance needs to be struck between the role of the state and the private sector in each country context, and that the relative positions of these should be determined locally rather than through external prescriptions and conditionalities,
39. As monitoring and evaluation of adaptation measures and the development and usage of indicators is still evolving, a number of issues need to be further investigated, including: how monitoring and evaluation of adaptation measures can make the best use of existing monitoring and evaluation systems; the kinds and combinations of process and outcome indicators that would be most suitable for monitoring and evaluating adaptation; and how results from monitoring and evaluating should be reported and disseminated so as to allow for the identification of lessons learned and the sharing of good practices.
300. The Law on Physical Education and Sport establishes that a sportsman, citizen of the Republic of Lithuania, who has terminated the sporting career and does not participate in the Olympic Games, world and European championships, shall have the right to receive a monthly annuity in the amount of 1,5 average wages, provided that the athlete holding the citizenship of the Republic of Lithuania and representing the Republic of Lithuania had become or, prior to the enforcement of the Law, acquired the citizenship of the Republic of Lithuania and, before the acquisition of the citizenship, had become winner of the of Paralympics or Deaf Games (the procedure and conditions for the payment of annuities is established in accordance with the Procedure of the Conditions for Paying Annuities to Former Athletes approved by Resolution No. 1302 of the Government of the Republic of Lithuania of 3 December 2008 (Valstybės žinios (Official Gazette) No. 142-5650, 2008)).
The lighting system is arranged in front of trainee, and generates luminous point as sighting target.
Volcanoes of El Salvador
43. Also at the same meeting, Ethiopia joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
Could you speak up, please   ?
The host country should intensify the training of police, security and customs and border control officers to ensure that diplomatic privileges and immunities were fully respected.
48. It is proposed that six positions (5 international and 1 national) be reclassified, as shown in table 6 and described below:
The cartel, which produces more than a third of the world's oil, did not lower its current production targets, but said that it would push OPEC members who are not meeting their targets to carry out their pledges for output cuts.
regular
(d) Effective participation of individuals and communities in decision-making on issues that affect their right to adequate housing;
As of May 2004, new legislation became effective in regard to violation of sexual integrity, including more severe sentences for rape, sexual coercion, sexual abuse of minors and pornography concerning minors, and legal differences in the crime of rape or sexual coercion in marriage or cohabitation were eliminated.
Safeguards must be created against new and contemporary manifestations of discrimination and injustice.
My heart follows the sun set, flowing into the deep sea and disappear
However, a longer-term solution was needed.
He stressed, however, that he had never advanced the idea, as stated by some participants, that there were no indigenous peoples in Africa or Asia.
One fixed percentage based on current average recovery rate
My heart is aching so ; Thy gracious balm I need.
New York, 20 December 2006
According to the witness the five men started to complain about Angolans who worked for white men, and said that they would eliminate `this black girl who is working with the whites'.
The essential story of the period from 2003 through 2007 is that banks announced large profits and paid a substantial share of them to their traders and senior employees.
Holmes Glacier
Pecans are high in fat and low in protein compared to other nuts and so should be eaten sparingly.
Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for Implementation of the Framework Agreement between Spain and UNEP
For this reason, Canada has named humanitarian relief among its priorities.
Standards for equipment required by Merchant Shipping (Safety) (Navigational Equipment) Regulations
(a) The President of the Republic, who is the Head of State. The President is elected by direct universal suffrage in a single-round poll and is granted specific powers by the Constitution;
(b) Compensation awards.
Fangchenggang City is a recently established coastal open port city at the regional level approved by the State Council in may1993.
10:00 to 13:00 Closed meeting Conference Room 10 (NLB)
:: Do not sign, issue or authenticate documents that are unusual, that are not understood, that are not usually signed by the individual or institution being requested to sign them, or whose purpose is not understood.
 If there are no further comments I shall take it that the proposal has been accepted.
The analysis of economic sensitivity indicates that our project is feasible and productive.
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that the cost of administering the programme in 2009 was estimated at $1.4 million.
"Oh no, no, never!
the equipment is sent back as defective for repair to the producer or a third party acting on its behalf (under warranty) with the intention of reuse; or
5. Follow-up to Economic and Social Council resolutions and decisions
24. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006)”.
With regard to the attributability of health effects at low doses, the Committee decided that there was a need to consider the ability to attribute scientifically risk and effects at both high and low doses, and that the ability to attribute should be clarified both for populations and for individuals.
International Law Commission
41. Spain noted the efforts made by the Dominican Republic in the area of fundamental rights and freedoms.
This might allow Khartoum to wean itself off southern oil but expect greater control by the south down the line.
Lee: And the costs of local labor
Other posts currently vacant owing to normal turnover (separations/resignations/ transfers/promotions)
1. Requests the secretariat to support the implementation of the programme elaborated by United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) stakeholders in support of the Decade (UNDDD programme), prioritizing activities that enhance global visibility and the joint observance of the Decade and the World Day to Combat Desertification;
You are recommended to use maintained footpath only.
Sex, at one level, is an exchange. … Each person gives the other person something of themselves. But it is typically a different something.
Impartially investigate all allegations of extra-judicial killings and arbitrary executions, to prosecute those responsible, and accept the requests for a visit by the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary execution, and the Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances (Italy);
Additional Frequently Asked Questions (English version only)
Integration of cross-cutting issues, such as South-South cooperation, poverty alleviation and the gender dimension, will receive the necessary consideration within the context of pursuing the foregoing objectives.
They are concerned especially about poor communities where many people never finish high school.
The contribution rates of vegetative organs were higher in low nitrogen treatments. 6.
The state or relationship of being brothers.
13. We acknowledge that the advancement of the concept of a green economy in the context of sustainable development and poverty eradication can significantly address current challenges and deliver economic development opportunities and multiple benefits for all nations.
A number of publications called upon the Territory's authority to undertake a full and sustained education of the public on what the current Constitution offered, what improvements were proposed in 1992 and set aside, and what constitutional modernization would entail.
The Committee, recalling a recommendation from July 2008 by the Committee on the Rights of the Child under the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflict, recommends the enforcement of the 1997 Indigenous Peoples Rights Act (IPRA) to ensure that indigenous children and children from other ethnic groups are not recruited by armed forces or armed groups (CRC/C/OPAC/PHL/CO/1, para. 19).
Specify where to send notifications associated with this account.
The liaison offices will participate in the work of the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and meetings of other intergovernmental bodies, interdepartmental and inter-agency meetings and provide substantive support in meetings and policy advice on human settlements, as well as carry out outreach activities.
96.35. Continue efforts to provide basic health and education services for vulnerable segments of its population, and continue its commitment to a people-oriented development policy by tackling poverty-related issues through investment in social infrastructure and by addressing the probable shortcomings in this regard (Myanmar);
They also made further statements at the same meeting in exercise of the right of reply.
Willie went off and presently returned with the information that Mr. Brown said she should sit down and that he would be around in a little while.
China
Objective To introduce the pattern of intestinal parasites infection in Guyana, South America.
2 May 2008
At present, applications for renewal of vehicle and driving licences can be made by post or on-line through personal computers under the Electronic Services Delivery scheme.
I have tickets for tonight's concert.
Today's featured article/August 30, 2016
We were very happy that the Secretary-General came to open this session of the Disarmament Commission.
A. General Conclusion on international protection
The proposals are currently under consideration by the State.
Percentage
Gender
24. ESCWA resolution 286 (XXV) concerned the strengthening of the capacity of ESCWA member countries to produce gender statistics for equality and empowerment of women, which are needed for planning and policymaking.
The plan was to have dialogues at the provincial level and a consultation at the national level to make Muslim women more aware of gender concerns.
External debt and development: towards a durable solution to the debt problems of developing countries
They must be arrested now and tried by the International Tribunal.
Record photos of buildings are kept for verifying the status of new UBW.
Current status
At UNDP, some trust funds had minimal or no expenditure throughout the biennium, with 104 trust funds showing deficit balances amounting to $15.9 million.
Fred Sasakamoose
Several different kinds of buffalo live in Asia, Africa, and America.
Q: Why are postmen very smart people? A: Because they are men of letters.
We will describe every aspect of application process in a timely, accurate, thorough and panoramic way.
It is also noteworthy that a number of countries find national forest programmes to be the main vehicle of implementing the forest instrument.
If these 3rd states and international organizations have the right to invoke responsibility, it would entail the question of whether they have also the right to take countermeasures.
Main challenges faced by countries by region
Federal Environmental Agency
It was also determined by Mission management that the functions performed by the Political Affairs Officer at the Tindouf Liaison Office would be assumed by the Head of that Office.
The present report, prepared pursuant to the provisions of Security Council resolution 1612 (2005), is presented to the Council as the second country report on the situation of children and armed conflict in Côte d'Ivoire.
Being independent of the United Nations, the Court should be financed by States parties to its Statute.
People's cross-border movement is controlled by migration bodies, while the control over goods transportation is carried out by customs service bodies.
(b) Implement measures to eliminate traditional stereotypes and structural barriers that often deter girls from enrolling in mathematics, informatics, natural science and technological subjects at the secondary and tertiary levels of education;
232. Articles on human rights issues appear both in the major newspapers and in the local press.
3. Azerbaijan
:: Renewable and energy efficiency;
:: To investigate, promptly and impartially, all reports of ill-treatment of women, whether committed by State or non-State actors, and bring to justice anyone found responsible for such abuses
Girls like boys that pay attention to everybody, not just your clique
1086/2002, Weiss
As he said, "Everything from the top of my head to the bottom of my feet! " Susan: Indeed you know much about him.
In dealing with the scourge of landmines, ICRC has encouraged the international community to adopt a public health approach, comprising preventive, curative and rehabilitative measures.
Exhibition Gallery / Foyer Exhibition Areas
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat
Wait a minute!Let me explain!
Try again. Tap Show me to watch an animation of how to double - tap.
The capital was abandoned.
We have programs for analysing temperature and stress profiles in objects, and fluid velocity profiles in flow channels.
On the other hand, the percentage of foam products used has risen due to the drop in the use of chlorofluorocarbons (CFC), which are gradually being withdrawn and replaced with hydrochlorofluorocarbides (HCFC), through the use of clean technologies.
101. Nepal does not tolerate any form of torture.
3. The fourth session of the working group was opened by the representative of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, who made a statement.
People of different countries have traversed different roads of historical development.Each nation with its own cultural background, social system and value, will continue to lead a life in its own way.
Western European and other States:
In particular, the Special Rapporteur was of the view that the right to seek, receive and impart information imposes a positive obligation on States to ensure access to information, particularly with regard to information held by Government in all types of storage and retrieval systems, including film, microfiche, electronic capacities and photographs.
Dialogue 1A: Jim, your idea really helped us a lot!/B: Thank you
By the terms of the resolution, the Assembly, inter alia, underlined Security Council resolution 1495 (2003), in which the Council expressed its support for the Peace Plan for Self-Determination of the People of Western Sahara as an optimum political solution on the basis of agreement between the two parties and continued to support strongly the efforts of the Secretary-General in order to achieve a mutually acceptable political solution to the dispute over Western Sahara.
Villedieu-les-Poêles
The contact group had also recalled that the Conference of the Parties, at its eighth meeting, had called upon Parties and other stakeholders in a position to do so to make financial or inkind contributions to the implementation of such activities.
2.2 The first author, Ms. Strakhova, contends that the conviction of her son does not correspond to his personality.
Liability for loss from misinformation, for example, would not be limited.
28. In Tehran and Dushanbe, the mission met the UF leaders, including Professor Rabbani, Karim Khalil, leader of the Hezb-i-Wahdat, General Dostum and Commander Ahmed Shah Massoud.
 Mr. Li Zhaoxing (China) (interpretation from Chinese): Today the United Nations declares to the world the demise of the diabolical system of apartheid and warmly welcomes a united, democratic and non-racial South Africa back to the international community.
The author has not shown sufficiently why these decisions were contrary to the standard set out above, nor has he adduced sufficient evidence in support of a claim to the effect that he would be exposed to a real and imminent risk of violations of articles 6 and 7 of the Covenant if deported to India.
Righteous Among the Nations
It was recommended that the IPRs be strengthened in the following ways:
VI. Significant issues noted by, or impacting, the Internal Audit Office during 2008
I suggest you to calm down if you want achieve positive progress in the negotiation. 6.
For we are engaged not in revolution, but in peaceful democratic evolution.
With respect to the membership of the Security Council during the period under review, it will be recalled that the General Assembly, at the 33rd plenary meeting of its fifty-third session, on 8 October 1998, elected Argentina, Canada, Malaysia, Namibia and the Netherlands to fill the vacancies resulting from the expiration on 31 December 1998 of the terms of office of Costa Rica, Japan, Kenya, Portugal and Sweden.
The Committee has indicated the need to assess whether or not training programmes meet individual and organizational goals and the need to ensure that the staff performance appraisal system is properly used to identify training requirements and evaluate achievements of individual staff members (A/58/759, para. 77).
Siu Lang Shui (HKSL)
Programme support cost budget
Rule 11
III. Advisory Committee
Date of request Issue or question Statements and actions by the company
El Salvador
Such measures, which violated human rights, the Charter of the United Nations and international trade rules, could not be justified.
Legislation concerning building codes, building regulations and standards and the provision of infrastructure;
The accident was the indirect result of the train being late.
1. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
Other delegations indicated that they would be willing to consider the 2007 proposal, without modification, if that proposal resulted in a successful conclusion to the negotiations.
For nearly the past 25 years, AIDS has been treated, but not cured.
Although related to the special segment rather than to the regular segment, this question will need to be addressed during the initial organizational meeting of the Commission, when it considers the election of its officers. Page
The implementation of the programme for poverty alleviation is a good example.
 Consideration should be given to the creation of a special fund to compensate victims when compensation cannot be charged to the person responsible; such a fund might be partially subsidized by seized capital.
Fukushima prefecture about 20 million households a total blackout, Ibaraki Prefecture as well as some areas were without power.
Ramón Rocha Maqueda, Asociación de Amistad del Pueblo Saharaui de Extremadura (A/C.4/62/3/Add.30)
There is little question that Wernher von Braun helped make the deadly German military rockets successful.
35. The Special Rapporteur wishes to note, however, that despite his efforts to be as exhaustive, precise and rigorous as possible, he is well aware of the imperfections of his work.
Corrigendum
Target date for implementation: 2013, 2014, 2015 reports of the Secretary-General on Umoja
I've worked out your share of the expenses at 10.
82. The estimated value of non-budgeted contributions for the period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009 is as follows:
New Oriental Education and Technology Group Inc., the largest provider of private educational services in China went public on Thursday in New York Stock Exchange
It identifies the priority entry points for assisting the Government of South Sudan in its efforts to promote and protect human rights.
- Monitoring of exports (several workshops with friendly nations).
 Unpaid invoices and commitments to contractors and subcontractors against the Reserve for Field Accommodation totalled approximately $5.6 million as at 31 December 1995.
Her latest compositions emphasize free brushstroke-like improvisations which have been inspired by her recent experiences with other cultures and musicians and her life outside of Mongolia.
 9. Human rights education under the Decade shall seek both to impart skills and knowledge on learners and to affect positively their attitudes and behaviour, consistent with all other principles set forth in this plan of action and in the international human rights instruments upon which it is based.
Personally, I should like to retire soon.
Learning the rules of word - formation helps to enlarge our vocabulary.
Article 51 (1) was amended as follows:
The Working Group noted that the provisions in the Convention that could give rise to uncertainties in connection with electronic commerce could be grouped into four main categories.
8. Normative progress towards the full protection of children's rights was achieved through the adoption of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on 19 December 2011, establishing a communications procedure which allows children to bring complaints to the Committee on the Rights of the Child.
Sumkar District
(c) Additional Partners may be admitted at any time, upon consent of the Steering Committee, provided that the total number of Partners does not undermine operational effectiveness;
1. It is difficult for developing countries, especially least developed countries, to participate in the globalization process.
Status of appropriations by major programme for the biennium 2002-2003 as at 31 December 2003
14. The right to free universal education and health was guaranteed to everyone.
Two types of international agreements are of importance in this regard.
Various cost adjustments
As a result he suffered damage to his left ear and had to be taken to hospital for care.
An expansive construction of the concept of public policy, the judge opined, would vitiate the NYC's "basic intent of removing obstacles to enforcement".
Just shampoo and blow dry.
She is too conservative to keep up with the times.
As the train squeals softly to a stop, there are suddenly hundreds of new faces surrounding us, waiting patiently to flood the train.
The replies of the State party's representative to the comments, observations, questions and requests for clarification of members of the Committee are a fundamental part of the dialogue between the Committee and the reporting State.
Date of deposit: 19 October 1987 (United Nations)
Mauritius is committed to remain fully engaged in the global coalition against terrorism, and we shall continue, together with other States, to take all measures -- nationally, regionally and internationally -- so that the scourge of terrorism is never visited upon inflicted on unsuspecting civilians and countries.
Certain environments have a much higher cost associated with storing and presenting the information than do others.
Provision of 53 E1 inter-mission voice lines, 46 commercial integrated services digital network E1 voice lines, 132 satellite inter-mission links, 11 leased lines, 2 E3 Internet data links and 17 videoconferencing links
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 10 May 2000, at 10 a.m.
Introduction
Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 and Additional Protocols thereto
I'm going to move my house to Shanghai.
Report of the Second Committee*
Chapter II Quarantine Inspection Article 7 Persons and conveyances on entering the country shall be subject to quarantine inspection at designated places at the first frontier port of their arrival.
9. In response to General Assembly resolution 53/110 of 9 December 1998, the Commission at its tenth session undertook a further review of the role, function, periodicity and duration of the United Nations congresses on the prevention of crime and the treatment of offenders, as reflected in General Assembly resolution 56/119.
Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla
The spokesman stressed that as the expiry date shown on the bottles in question was one day ahead of the actual expiry date, there was no safety, efficacy or quality concern with the consumption of the drug.
into your soul, I tried to climb, but found the hole to high
UNCTAD should conduct policy-oriented research on the implications of FDI, technological capacity-building and enterprise internationalization for competition and competitiveness.
It was your privilege, Armand, to act as you did: the rate for one of my nights was not always so high! So I left it all behind me!
Logistics Support Division/Specialist Support Service/ Medical Section
1. Reporting status
68. International cooperation occurs in various ways, including through the negotiation and implementation of international instruments and measures and participation in the work of international organizations.
55/68 Elimination of all forms of violence against women, including crimes identified in the outcome document of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly entitled "Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century"
While these efforts are under way, I would like to, once again, stress the need for the deployment of a United Nations peacekeeping operation in Somalia that would take over AMISOM and support the long-term stabilization and post-conflict reconstruction of Somalia.
The USGA showed me that they were indeed a corporate bully.When we contacted the USGA and talked to their General Counsel we were surprised at the response.
2. The Economic Commission for Europe has participated in semi-annual meetings of the Council of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of BSEC Member States and in ministerial meetings on transport and on small- and medium-scale enterprises.
The Group was informed that the new laws will provide for changes in curriculum, registration and the monitoring of finances.
Learn to Speak Interlingua
Initial information on arrangements for the fourteenth session of the Conference of the Parties (COP) and the fourth session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol (CMP) has been provided to the SBI in document FCCC/SBI/2008/4.
The Board of Auditors has audited the operations of the United Nations Escrow (Iraq) Account established under the provisions of Security Council resolutions relating to Iraq for the financial period ended 31 December 2004.
Aygepar
That was not the case of Council resolution 24/24, however, and representatives of almost 60 countries had therefore signed a letter expressing their concern about the draft resolution.
The informal briefing will be held on Monday, 5 October 1998, at 11.30 a.m. in Conference Room 8.
(a) Recognize the continuing relevance and persuasive force of the jurisprudence of the Administrative Tribunal, particularly where such jurisprudence reflects established legal principles and norms and where there is no conflict with changes introduced by the General Assembly in establishing the new administration of justice system (A/65/373 and Corr.1, para. 199);
Ms. Daw stated that peace was possible when the State institutions worked properly and legitimate democratic systems were in place.
In Guatemala, a civil society participation programme focuses on strengthening the recognition of indigenous peoples' rights.
The focus of the bill is on all the wider issues addressed in Security Council resolution 1373 (2001), including specific provisions regarding the freezing, confiscation and repatriation of terrorist-related funds and assets.
Tel: 202 458 6163
 The gap in technological development was widening.
4. It is estimated that an amount of $345,200 will be required under section 27, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for biennium 2006-2007 (A/60/6 (Sect. 27)), mainly for general temporary assistance.
Comments
i'll think about it, and then i'll let you know if i change my mind.
In addition to these core media, there is a considerable volume of information on POPs temporal trends in non-core media from several long-term programs (e.g. AMAP, MEDPOL, OSPAR, HELCOM, NCP) that provides additional information on temporal trends.
15. Expresses its appreciation to the Hague Academy of International Law for the valuable contribution it continues to make to the Programme of Assistance, which has enabled candidates under the International Law Fellowship Programme to attend and participate in the Fellowship Programme in conjunction with courses at the Academy;
Lebanon
To the new common shares will be 60 % owned U.S. Government.
Saint-Denis-de-Pile
A comprehensive statistical database has been developed, and the working group on statistics is actively seeking to improve data quality.
(a) High-level policy dialogue with international financial and trade institutions
His Excellency Bujar Nishani, President of the Republic of Albania, addressed the General Assembly.
Some States made proposals such as to develop collection and destruction campaigns, especially in those countries identified in national reports as the main source countries.
:bring, take bring : Please bring my English book here.
Regional Conference on Nuclear Terrorism
The bike was a jimdandy.
From time to time we stumbled over the frozen corpse of a comrade.
Constraints
 140. United Nations Decade of International Law (resolutions 47/32 of 25 November 1992 and 48/30 of 9 December 1993).
B. Political structure
In what was heralded as a marked departure from previous policy, in September of the same year, the IMF replaced the ESAF with the PRGF.
Scoville diluted pepper extract in sugar water until the chilli's heat was no longer discernible.
We were just talking about Mad-Eye, Ron told Harry. I reckon he might have survived.
Article 35 Institutions of higher learning independently conduct scientific research, technological development and social services in the light of their own conditions.
Territory rich in mineral resources, with granite, kaolin and other minerals.
B. Proposal
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on "Operational activities for development" (under agenda item 54) (Second Committee) (convened by the delegation of Switzerland)
Had it not been for the alarm clock she wouldn't have been late. 963
25 August 2003
On 29 June 2012, following a general strike called by opposition leaders, 12 retailers were arrested and held in police custody by the Gueckédou gendarmerie for having shut their shops.
The methods of vibration absorption, noise reduction and ventilation purification are described.
Paulie as yet had not become rich.
hiring and training of staff, coordination with external consultants;
As at March 2000, UNHCR provided assistance to approximately 180,000 displaced persons in Ingushetia through a United Nations inter-agency emergency assistance programme.
That was the history of royal courts across Europe , from Versailles to St Petersburg .
(b) Principal theme: "Indigenous peoples and conflict resolution";
6. Underlines that it is important to avoid overlapping with the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and other bodies and organizations of the United Nations system when establishing the mandate of the independent expert and to bear in mind the significance of encouraging synergy between all actors dealing with cultural rights and the issue of cultural diversity;
The focus of the DEPSOS investigation is on the capacity of these institutions and services networks to provide immediate and medium-term measures to assist and support persons with disabilities in coping with current economic and financial conditions.
(Poster in PDF format)
Event organizers are also encouraging tourists to stay in hotels in nearby cities during the event.
And here it is,kids the only fight I've ever been in.
Since science is a tool for discovery and innovation, it should always remain the basis for mankind's education.
II. Plenary meetings
The main objectives of the Initiative included: developing concrete recommendations for the ninth session of the Forum; identifying the strengths and weaknesses of the multi-stakeholder dialogue process and formulating specific recommendations aimed at increasing the effectiveness of the dialogue; identifying specific activities through which major groups could make contributions to the International Year of Forests; and fostering alliances, partnerships and networking within major groups and between them and other key players in the international arrangement on forests.
I unexpectedly happier than before in this filling struggle and bitterness world.
 Letter dated 17 December (S/26908) from the representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina addressed to the President of the Security Council, stating that his Government had decided not to proceed with an action before ICJ.
to offer accommodation, safety, rest and protection to women and their children who are involved in situations of domestic violence and under serious threat;
13. At the 17th meeting, on 9 November, the representative of Indonesia, on behalf of Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, the Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Indonesia, Jordan, Kuwait, Malaysia, Mauritania, Morocco, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, the Sudan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine, subsequently joined by Oman, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Offers by Member States of grants and scholarships for higher education, including vocational training, for Palestine refugees" (A/C.4/56/L.10).
2. Promoting professional equality and the harmonization of working life and family life
Congo
"Are they as straw before the wind, And like chaff which the storm carries away
% of Member States represented by the Executive Board giving positive feedback on the quality of corporate reporting on results and mandates, i.e. the Annual Performance Report
Page
Bosnia and Herzegovina 0.005 0.005 0.005
According to our experience, these s can find a ready market in Japan.
55. The establishment of a joint military verification mechanism would add great value in this context.
3. "Instructions No. 37-2-7/435 on the procedure for State registration of potentially hazardous chemical and biological substances" of 25 May 1993.
Article 12 Any unit or individual should ensure the safety of power facilities according to related regulations by the State when conducting explosion operations around power facilities
The second, of an instrumental nature, shows the relevance of socio-demographic information and knowledge for the design and implementation of social policies; the main thrust of the document is to illustrate how population elements contribute both to an appropriate identification of the beneficiaries of those policies and a selection of specific policy measures.
The United Nations Medical Services Division should develop an effective monitoring and evaluation tool for assessing the services provided by United Nations examining physicians and update the global list on an annual basis.
Maritime space
V. METHODOLOGY, ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMME OF WORK OF THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR: PRELIMINARY OVERVIEW 62 - 68 14
The representative of UNAIDS recalled the successful convening of the Asia-Pacific High-level Intergovernmental Meeting on the Assessment of Progress against Commitments in the Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS and the Millennium Development Goals in Bangkok from 6 to 8 February 2012, which had brought together member States, some of which had included representatives of key affected populations in their national delegations, and representatives of civil society, including faith-based organizations, to review progress, exchange good practices and address barriers to universal access to HIV prevention, treatment, care and support.
From 2000 to 2007, the US ran a cumulative current-account deficit of roughly $5.5 trillion, with nearly symmetrical offsetting increases in reserves in China and Japan.
Multi - narrative adaptation of Richard v. Krafft - Ebing's notorious medico - forensic study of sexual perversity.
The Secretary-General said it was essential to support peacekeeping in Darfur and the agreements reached in Addis Ababa and Abuja.
Much of the behavior we engage in is, in fact, very predictable.
9. As at 12 April 2010, the Provisional Technical Secretariat comprised 258 staff members from 74 countries.
Or 3.14. Obviously.
Through my Special Coordinator in Lebanon, I have also maintained my dialogue with the Palestine Liberation Organization representative in the country.
Achieving this equality will require more than a mere desire to help.
11. Promoting the integrity of the selection process will help to promote public confidence in the process and in the public sector in general.
Practical aspects of wet-lease, dry-lease and self-sustainment arrangements (A/57/397)
China's Vast Television Audience Draws in Olympic Sponsors
12. The emoluments of members of the Court are sui generis, with no direct link to those of senior Secretariat officials.
Request/recommendation
Mizuame
Recommendation 1
58. As shown in table 1 below, cash available in the Special Account for UNMIT as at 31 October 2012 amounted to $29,251,800 and cash required to cover total liabilities recorded in the Mission's accounts as at the same date amounted to $38,811,900.
And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great memory; if he confer little, he had need have a present wit: and if he read little, he had need have much cunning, to seem to know, that he doth not.
Iraq contends that a period of four years would have been adequate to build an entirely new plant.
He held her quite close.
Sixty-fifth session
100. The freedom of thought and opinion, which lies at the heart of human rights, including cultural rights, deserves a particular mention.
The Principality of Monaco reserves the right to continue to apply its social security laws which, in certain circumstances, envisage the payment of certain benefits to the head of the household who, according to this legislation, is presumed to be the husband.
SERVANT: Miss Scarlett Ma'am, I've got to know howmuch money have you got left
The General Deputy to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Civic Rights found constitutional anomalies relating to the right to the highest possible standard of physical and mental health where appropriate health care for an inmate could have been provided only outside the penitentiary system but the institution did not initiate ex officio the suspension of imprisonment.
27. The right to health was being implemented through the Essential Health Package, which addressed major causes of morbidity and mortality, which disproportionately affected the poor and the most vulnerable groups.
24. The stabilization force would require timely and accurate intelligence on extremist and other groups.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
There was no doubt that the obligation arose from States' desire to prevent impunity and deny safe havens to offenders.
Most funding was directed towards disaster response and preparedness, while investment in preventative and disaster risk reduction measures remained insufficient.
They stay in rooms with Jacussis, circular leather couches, wide - screen televisions, and views of the beach.
 It nevertheless stands as a useful tool to enable work to proceed towards a widely acceptable blueprint for equitable Council reform.
Leading American television anchors from networks, like ABC and CNN, will be in London to catch the first glimpse of Kate Middleton's dress.
2. The Board of Auditors shall be the sole judge as to the acceptance in whole or in part of certifications and representations by the Secretary-General and may proceed to such detailed examination and verification as it chooses of all financial records, including those relating to supplies and equipment.
He is Professor of Moral Philosophy at Oxford.
At the end of May, Relational owned 61.2 million shares, or 9.2% of Sovereign's shares.
For these purposes, the Royal Brunei Armed Forces is using anti-personnel mines that are not prohibited by the Convention.
27. The unspent balance reflects reduced requirements as a result of the cancellation and/or deferral of consultancies, offset in part by unplanned consultancies in the areas of public information, conduct and discipline, medical services and transport.
93.12. Carry on its work to implement a national programme for sustainable development that would contribute to the further improvement of the human rights situation in the country (Russian Federation);
Therefore, it was deemed essential to foresee the possibility of obtaining assistance by other States and the United Nations in developing the appropriate programmes.
In Haiti, the eastern coastal city of Gonaïves was the most severely affected; 1,500 people were killed and 300,000 were injured or suffered property damage.
416. Up to 2005, it had served both in-hospital and ambulatory patients; in that year, it also began serving patients in their own homes. The idea is to avoid hospitalizing them, encourage the family group to participate in rehabilitation, support the family providing care, coordinate services with primary care facilities and help the patient maintain his social ties.
This meeting on Thursday will also be my last meeting as President of the CD.
Littorio-class battleship
3. The first case envisaged in article 64 (1) is that of fundamental breach of contract as defined in article 25.
Complexity: Linear to the number of moved positions.
Standard triple room beijing feiying hotel reservation
As discussed in chapter V, it has become more difficult for the state to cushion workers against the adverse effects of economic dislocations resulting from exposure to global market forces.
 Any constructive new measure is appreciated.
Parties recommended improved networking and information exchange on technology and favourable transfer of state-of-the-art technologies as options that can overcome such difficulties.
. The address and telephone number of theDistrict Designated Offices on Volunteer Service can be download here.
The present background paper includes a summary of some key trends in urban growth and crime in cities, and recent crime prevention practices and tools.
Put a muzzle on your bad breath 11:58 Some simple measures can help put a muzzle on bad breath, according to an article in the June issue of the Mayo Clinic Health Bad breath can be caused by food particles in the mouth, dry mouth, or a health problem
While some members of the Council have shown enormous generosity to the Syrian people, it is vital that all members fulfil and increase the pledges that they have made to the United Nations and to Syrians in need.
Machine coated gloss of the surface hardness on also contributed-coating surface caused by compression tool to increase the gloss.
BYD put Japan incumbent battery producers on the defensive.
On appeal, the complainant claimed, inter alia, that his sentence was based on his forced confessions.
The charge sheet here is already rather full, with multiple instances in recent years of America being almost universally regarded as not practicing what it preaches.
The world would like to know who opposes the A5 proposal, and why, and what alternative suggestions will be made to achieve consensus on a programme of work.
Five years after the attacks that shocked this city and the world, we would like to firmly condemn the serious threat of global terrorism.
25% of the company was sold via an SPO under a privatisation programme in 2005, and today, 50.9% of the company shares are public, while the rest remain state-owned.In 2007, Turkish Airlines became one of the fastest-growing airlines among European carriers in terms of capacity and traffic growth.
156. For its consideration of item 13 (e), the Council had before it the report of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum of the United Nations Environment Programme on the work of its twelfth special session (A/67/25).
184. Efforts in this regard are subject to certain constraints, however, including:
Regarding this case, the BoA recommended that the Accounts Division should consider capitalizing renovation work carried out on the United Nations Organization's assets.
The downward trend and volatility of commodity prices must be reversed.
In that connection, his delegation wished to point out that, although it had regularly fulfilled its financial obligations, Azerbaijan was not represented in the UNIDO Secretariat.
Creates a tree node with the specified key, text, and images, and inserts it into the collection at the specified index.
570. Note that one third of those pupils unsuccessful in the 1997 and 1998 matriculation exams completed the requirement for a certificate within 8 years of their graduation.
8. General support was expressed for the principle in draft article 2 that the right to exercise diplomatic protection under international law was vested in the State.
Expenditure
The existing arrangements, whereby the Court contracts with the Office of Internal Oversight Services for internal audits, and with the Auditor-General of South Africa for external audit services, would remain in place.
Mr. Sandoval (Chile) said that his delegation was in favour of retaining article 22, since some provision for an amendment procedure was necessary, and of adopting variant A, which reflected established practice in respect of UNCITRAL and other United Nations instruments.
Different characteristics of the city function make the classification varied.
It is said that he was killed in the earthquake.
Where does the conversation take place What is the probable relationship between the two speakers
Expected accomplishment 3.1: establishment of National and Southern Sudan levels of Government, which shall exercise authority in respect of the people with an emphasis on just, transparent, people-led and integrity-based governance
There is now agreement that a regional hub should be established in Panama, to increase the ability of regional staff to support country teams.
American novels
44. Most African countries continue to be greatly concerned with reducing out-migration from rural areas.
UN-SPIDER also participated in the Expert Group Meeting on Regional Knowledge and Cooperation for Comprehensive Multi-Hazard Risk Management in Asia and the Pacific, held in Bangkok from 27 to 29 June 2011, and the second session of the Committee on Disaster Risk Reduction, held in Bangkok from 29 June to 1 July 2011, helping Member States understand the need to prioritize the use of space-based information in disaster risk reduction.
Document: Report of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice on its seventeenth session (E/2008/30-E/CN.15/2008/22).
Furthermore, women with disabilities who are able to participate in work programmes are often paid lower wages for their work.
This can only be done under a care order issued by the children's judge.
7. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
cried the king
The embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba demonstrates by all accounts a failed policy and should therefore be abandoned.
Canada's own agencies would make a contribution equal to the total amount of
The access and security classifications may be assigned in consultation with the business unit to which the records belong.
DB Netz
Can you come down a little? -- Sorry one price for all.
67. The Programme of Action acknowledged the critical need for an effective mechanism to support intergovernmental review and follow-up of the implementation of the Programme of Action; to mobilize the United Nations system organizations, as well as other relevant multilateral organizations; and to facilitate substantive least developed countries participation in appropriate multilateral forums.
Arab trade in services is considered suitable for further development in the future, on the following bases:
It also recalled General Assembly resolution 54/237 C, concerning procedures for the consideration of requests for exemption under Article 19.
High reliable power supply , strict lightningproof system .
The Board noted, however, that real estate and fixed income overperformed their respective benchmarks by significant margins, compensating, in part, for the non-performing portfolios.
The following representatives and deputy, alternate and acting representatives served on the Security Council during the period from 1 August 2006 to 31 July 2007: * Term of office ended on 31 December 2006.
The first is that the problem does not arise where the actual work has been performed after 2 May 1990.
Failure to comply with reciprocity was also reported as a ground for refusal in one country.
:: Consider the empowerment of people from the perspective of the common good of both the human family and the planet.
They understood not that he spake to them of the Father.
We have intercepted an Internet message from one of the governments in the region that is quite worrisome.
Legislation
(e) The Philippines Urban Forum: The Philippine Housing and Urban Development Coordination Council, the Department of the Interior and Local Government, the League of Cities of the Philippines, the Homeless Peoples Federation of the Philippines, the Urban Poor Colloquium, the Shelter Advisory Group and international donors have established the Urban Forum to promote coordinated urban development.
Women constantly complain that men arent reliable but Ive seen plenty of women flake out on guys.
Enjoy a romantic time watching the sunset in the bay area!
6.Nothing is as good as it seems beforehand. The cover does not fit
A total of 2,920 family poultry farming kits comprising 10 hens and 10 roosters were distributed to promote poultry production and consumption.
If the enemy continue to resist, wipe them out.
For new programmes, this means using systematic evaluations, wherever possible, and providing training in data management and statistical skills.
Flufenoxuron Directive 2012/20/EU of 6 July 2012
201-3 Sai Yee Street / Prince Edward Road.
9. Since it last reported to the Statistical Commission, in 2008 (see E/CN.3/2008/20), the Group has met once, in May 2009 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects
Consequently, many achievements have been got, especially in the field of wall materials.
It is important to bear in mind that NATO, which monitors the land, sea and airspace of Libyan territory, is responsible for these events and bears the consequences thereof.
If objection is made to the request for division, the motion for division shall be voted upon.
I. Introduction
17. Currently, there are four major networks that are pertinent to the issue of knowledge and technology transfer, especially ICT: the Global Development Network, the Knowledge and Technology for Development Network, WIPONET and the Sustainable Technologies Alternatives Network.
It's been a lean year for business.
3. Southern Africa Operations 99 - 105
Principle 15: Administrative measures relating to archive inventories
An artist's impression of the Li Ka Shing Medical Sciences Building, which will house the Li Ka Shing Institute of Health Sciences when completed in the fourth quarter of 2006. The institute will focus on research in sickness prevention, clinical sciences and regenerative medicine.
12. Encourages Governments and relevant United Nations bodies, within existing resources, to take appropriate measures to raise public awareness of the issue of trafficking in persons, particularly in women and girls; to discourage, with a view to eliminating, the demand that fosters all forms of exploitation, including sexual exploitation and forced labour; to publicize the laws, regulations and penalties relating to this issue; and to emphasize that trafficking is a serious crime;
The observation was also made that the paragraph raised an interesting proposition that needed further reflection.
(c) Planned publications:
It will demand that decision-makers use their heads and hearts – and it will also test their nerves.
Czech Republic, Republic of Korea, Romania, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America
In order to publicize the CEDAW Convention, the 4th and 5th CEDAW Periodic Report and its concluding comments, the ministry with the support of development partners such as UNICEF and UNIFEM facilitated a National Stakeholders Debriefing meeting on the outcome of 4th and 5th CEDAW Periodic Report, with a view to draw attention to the various issues raised and the need for partners to channel efforts at actualizing recommendations made by the UN CEDAW Committee.
Causeway Bay (Cannon Street)
3. Within this overall objective, the Mission, during the budget period, will contribute to a number of expected accomplishments by delivering related key outputs, shown in the frameworks below.
Portions of the sample are added until the outline of the candle flame is no longer discernible .
Paras. 11, 13, 14, 15, 19
While proudly showing off his new apartment to friends a college student led the way into the den.
Buy local groceries It creates less impact on the environment.
My visit focused, first, on measuring the impact of Phosboucraa’s activities, such as infrastructure investment, the construction of job training centers, and partnerships with farming cooperatives.
The facility has an infrastructure that would otherwise cost tens of millions of dollars to build.
We share this moment of grief and sorrow with the families of the victims.
Recognizing that ICTs are progressively changing our working practices, the creation of a secure, safe and healthy working environment, appropriate to the utilisation of ICTs, respecting all relevant international norms, is fundamental.
 I have the honour to transmit herewith a report on the high-level talks between the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Iraq held in Vienna from 9 to 10 May 1994.
Partial domestication of wild fauna such as ostriches, carpincho and the honey bee is gaining popularity.
Most respondents reported that they had made use of a few of the following measures with a view to shortening the length of prison terms: lowering the minimum imprisonment sentence for certain offences, lowering the maximum punishments for certain offences, restricting the use of life imprisonment, restricting the use of preventive detention, training the judiciary on sentencing practices to apply shorter terms of imprisonment, introducing more lenient sentencing latitudes for young offenders, introducing more lenient sentencing latitudes for mentally deficient offenders, expanding provisions defining mitigating circumstances, reviewing and lowering sentencing latitudes for repeat offenders, including the introduction of more restricted criteria defining repeat offenders, allowing for compensation to the victim to be considered as a ground for imposing a shorter prison term, allowing for successful mediation to be considered a ground for imposing a shorter prison term and allowing for participation in a (drug, alcohol, etc.) treatment programme to be considered a ground for imposing a shorter prison term.
Representatives of the neighbouring countries, Algeria and Mauritania, were present at the opening and closing sessions and were consulted separately during the meeting.
Accounts maintained in other currencies are translated into United States dollars at the time of the transactions at rates of exchange established by the United Nations.
International Institute for Human Rights, Environment and Development
After he is famous people stop him on the street to let him sign.
This paper introduces several expansion methods of the bulk program memory for 8031 monolithic computer system.
However, the Committee recalls that the aim of such determination is to establish whether the individual concerned would be personally at a foreseeable and real risk of being subjected to torture in the country to which he or she would be returned.
43. The Special Rapporteur urges the Iraqi authorities to follow the example set by other countries with deficient judicial systems by asking the United Nations to set up an independent tribunal which complies with international human rights standards.
Memories are beautiful, then here's yin, the main guests are happy, so they will smile for thousands of years has continued in the modern people's lips.
Ensures maximum utilization of materials, equipment, human resources within manufacturing processes.
If any of the officers of the Committee ceases, or declares his or her inability, to continue serving as an officer of the Committee, a new officer shall be elected for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor, respecting the rules of elections.
Spore morphology of 44 species of the genus Athyrium from China was examined by SEM.
The court should reflect the basic principles of international law and should function within the existing world legal order.
He bit off more than he could chew when he agreed to edit the paper alone.
The shares rose 5.9 per cent to Rmb9.59.
There is no life no life without its hunger; Each restless heart beats so imperfectly; But when you come and I am filled with wonder, Sometimes, I think I glimpse eternity
Former districts of Okayama Prefecture
18. The basic regulatory provision which gives effect to the constitutional mandate established in the above-mentioned article 13, paragraph 1, of the Constitution is Organization Act No. 4/2000 of 11 January 2000 on rights and freedoms of foreigners in Spain and their integration into society, as amended by Organization Act No. 8/2000 of 22 December 2000.
1917–18 Maltese Premier League
And one of the readers who had written to me had mentioned hospitals and charity work.
It consists of a President and two or more (at present three) Justices of Appeal; and the Chief Justice is also an ex officio member of the Court except when it is dealing with an appeal from one of his own decisions.
(c) Improved planning and preparedness for responding to crisis events and emergencies at all United Nations locations worldwide
|   |  | Naiveness in front of a Camp Tent Naiveness in front of a Camp Tent Naiveness in front of a Camp Tent QUETTA, Pakistan -- Sept. 29, 2001 -- Afghan refugee Kaldara Khan stands in front of a tent at the Punj Puti refugee camp in Quetta, Friday
In many countries, however, there is a lack of a robust application of results-based management, demonstrated by the quality of results frameworks, an issue that is highlighted in several sections of the present report.
The plan was born out of repeated discussions.
 (i) Organization and preparation of background documentation on general or inter-organizational meetings as called for under relevant General Assembly resolutions, particularly in the context of cooperation between the United Nations and OAU;
Istres
References for the sixty-seventh session (agenda item 121 (w))
The report should clearly delineate resources dedicated to such reparations work, and the administrative costs of assistance to the Victims Trust Fund.
Report of the Delhi Group
Ercan International Airport
The results will be helpful in developing a methodology for use by the government in refining its management programs.
A Threshold Control AQM Algorithm Based on Average Traffic Load
Those instruments are intended to guide agencies, funds and programmes on key policy review priorities as they align their strategic plans with the policy review to enhance coherence, while minimizing the reporting burden.
The Commission on Human Settlements,
We had a close encounter this afternoon.
Agenda item Paragraphs
Govt Counsel (Treaties   Law)
The most common foreign country of birth was India, followed by Ireland and then Poland.
The truth is I'm kind of lost without her, But she knows how important this job is to me, So we'll make it work.
7 September; 20 October; 4 November; 9 December 2010; 5 January 2011
This event invites us to a renewed commitment to disarmament, development and peace.
Cutting path speeds on corners and during circular interpolation is optimized to maintain edge precision.
The result indicated that the of similarity coefficient among the 33  isolates  was from 0.53 ~1.00.
24. To mark 2006's International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Women's Desk collaborated with Safe Haven to organise a series of events under the banner, `Not a Minute More'.
It emphasized the key importance of respecting the principle of equal political status in promoting a negotiated settlement acceptable to both the Turkish Cypriot and the Greek Cypriot sides and to this effect called on the two sides to reciprocally acknowledge each other's equal status in order to pave the way to a lasting solution.
Mandelson says more than half of all counterfeit goods seized at European ports last year originated in China.
In closing, Australia welcomes the report of the Secretary-General and the progress it describes on what must be a priority for all of us.
The plan will be presented during the upcoming session of the Special Committee.
Consequently, for each of the priority areas, increases in expenditure had been included in the Secretary-General’s proposals.
B. Education and training
More recently, a South African media corporation, which holds the local monopoly for Hollywood movies, has entered the market.
The Acting President: I now give the floor to Her Excellency Mrs. María Rubiales de Chamorro, chairperson of the delegation of Nicaragua.
The hospital has refused comment, saying disciplinary procedures are confidential.
2.5 During the biennium 2002-2003, pursuant to its objective of providing high-quality conference services, the Department will continue its efforts to strengthen coordination arrangements between technical and conference services and among the conference services at Headquarters, Geneva, Vienna and Nairobi, to improve further the planning and organization of services and to invest in new technologies that will make conference servicing more efficient and cost-effective.
Gross revenue
Once mutual confidence had been established, it would be possible to assess progress and initiate an actual process rather than a series of separate actions.
No State, however has specifically stated that a telecom which maintains e-float on deposit in a regulated bank could not elect to pay interest on the stored value.
Fifty-six out of 151 States that have acceded to or ratified the Convention have declared that they recognize the competence of the Committee to receive and consider complaints under article 22 of the Convention.
From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room A (NLB).
171. There are no special legal provisions regarding the formation of trade unions by particular categories of workers.
Even if these allegations were assumed to be true, the Committee considers that it does not necessarily follow that the complainant would presently be at risk of being subjected to torture again, given the ongoing peace process in Sri Lanka and the fact that many Tamil refugees have returned to that country in recent years.
 In view of the delays in the calendar for the Western Sahara referendum, an assessment of the needs of Sahrawi refugees in Algeria was conducted in October 1992 and revealed the need for emphasis in certain areas including health/nutrition, shelter and transport.
Under these pretexts, such acts have had a protracted impact on various groups of women, including Government employees, journalists, politicians, interpreters, media workers and professionals.
Lessons learned from and experiences in integrating adaptation into development assistance were also highlighted in the submissions.
Model of computation
Estimate 2012-2013: 93 per cent
Another look at the fortress of Akershus, which once again demonstrates the harmony of the city with nature, is all the more worthwhile.
Such cooperation could be formalized by a memorandum of understanding between the two authorities.
Malaria continues to rage throughout the tropical world, despite the availability of highly effective measures for prevention and treatment.
I hope, what you will like our communications, and we are able tell a lot of prophetic about us directly, you do not object?
It will continue to coordinate all aspects of the delivery of peacekeeping training at national, regional and integrated mission training centres.
Ahmed Jibril
Miss Bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to continue the subject.
Held in private at Headquarters, New York, on Monday, 8 July 2002, at 10.30 a.m.
His actions last week brought on the crisis that makes rescue necessary.
In this street just in front of the market-place where vegetables are sold stands a pig made of brass and curiously formed.
Article 35 The People's Bank of China shall guide and supervise the business operations of the policy-oriented banks of the State.
You are the shaper of your own destiny.
)Here is a so big stone that no one can lift it. )Here is so big a stone that no one can lift it.!
The findings and recommendations of this expert meeting will be reported to the Trade and Development Commission session to be held in May 2010.
The project included activities provided for by the strategy: it awarded scholarships to scientists returning to work after their maternity/paternity leave, granted support for scientific expeditions, conducted lectures-discussions in the Parliament and the Government, carried out long-term and short-term training on issues of gender equality, conducted international conference on "Promotion of gender equality in science", conducted study on public opinion concerning gender equality, conducted awareness campaign, designed an internet portal, carried out publicity campaign, broadcasted social advertising over national television, published a book on "Promotion of gender equality in science", which, apart from results of various studies, includes recommendations for institutions of science and studies as regards establishment of equal opportunities of scientists, both men and women, in institutions of science and studies.
Accordingly, it was essential to complete United Nations reform in order to strengthen the Organization's effectiveness, efficiency and coherence.
Jílové
Today, the CPC's leadership and rule in China is an objective requirement of the country's development and progress.
Delegations encouraged UNIFEM to follow ACABQ recommendations to increase resources for programming and minimize those used for support activities.
2. In the event of the death or the resignation of a member of the Committee, the Chairperson shall immediately notify the Secretary-General, who shall declare the seat vacant from the date of death or the date on which the resignation takes effect.
158. Areas of application: employment, goods and services, social security and social protection, references in official documents or records, and access to any economic, social, cultural or political activity open to the general public.
It supports the risk management process across the organization, and meets regularly on a monthly/bimonthly basis to discuss risk areas and develop action plans for mitigation.
Something special is at stake in the consolidation of new and restored democracies.
French competitiveness means striving for excellence , anticipating changing markets and driving efforts to be a market leader .
There has been a mass recruitment of Guyanese health care workers by North Americans. The resulting lack of health care professionals will compromise the local health care services.
Key Performance Indicators is a kind of standardized system for the employer to evaluate the working effects of the employee.
The Olympics for us is part of who we are as a company, said Kerner.
:: President's scholarship, California Lutheran College, 1965-1969
Each approach can be useful in different situations.
Such freedom of movement entails "the abolition of any discrimination based on nationality between workers of the Member States as regards employment, remuneration and other conditions of work and employment", and "the right, subject to limitations justified on grounds of public policy, public security or public health", among other things:
Over the last decade we have witnessed an upsurge in ethnic, social and religious violence all over the world, when simmering tensions and power struggles boiled over into open conflicts.
The WTO’s ministerial gatherings are never easy.
Gran Turismo 2
For the most part, state statutory protections mirror those provided by the United States Constitution and federal law.
This can be generalized to polynomial interpolation, which is sometimes more accurate but suffers from Runge's phenomenon.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in France, moreover, contacted the Syrian Ambassador in Paris to express to her its thanks for the security measures taken by the Syrian authorities to protect the embassy.
3. Approves an interim one-month allocation for January 2011 in the amount of $12.6 million, to be absorbed in the annual Private Fundraising and Partnerships budget for 2011.
It was definitely a fairytale wedding, and everything looked perfect.
:: 8.8 million children worldwide died before their fifth birthday in 2008;
C81 Labour Inspection Convention, 1947
S/2006/85
Enguinegatte
The Task Force is the first step in ensuring that United Nations departments, funds, programmes, agencies and other related entities contribute fully to counter-terrorism efforts, while maximizing synergies and avoiding duplication of work.
The following principles and policies should guide the framing of the Istanbul outcome: least developed countries' ownership and their own self-help efforts are of fundamental importance and, in this regard, the role of international support based on partnership should be to back up efforts by least developed countries themselves.
This is the biggest showdown in showbiz history.
They recommended that, while prevention of conflicts should be considered a vanguard task to be tackled by the United Nations as a whole, the Security Council should enhance coordination and cooperation with other United Nations bodies, in order to help address deep-rooted social and economic causes of conflict in Africa and ensure development and employment through fair trade, as a way to prevent either the outbreak or the resurgence of conflicts.
294. International Telecommunication Union, recommendation ITU-R M.1637 (2003) on global cross-border circulation of radio communication equipment in emergency and disaster relief situations.
Anti-Money LaunderingMoney laundering is intertwined with terrorism and other transnational crimes and poses a serious threat to the financial stability and economic security of all countries.
In addition, the Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG) Audit teams, comprising both men and women, completed two Social Performance Audits; one of Government-run orphanages (Shishu Sadan/Paribar) under the Ministry of Social Welfare, the other one of MoWCA's Vulnerable Group Development (VGD) Program.
The spheres had been magnetized and attracted or repelled each other all the time.
Electoral Affairs Commission Website
Liverpool's pursuit of Blackburn striker Craig Bellamy won\'t affect their deal for Feyenoord's Dirk Kuyt.
The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers.
This comforted the author in his belief that his death sentence had indeed been commuted.
They like to have a willingness to whom the work can be a serious effort.
725. Other than general legislation against assault and battery, there is no legislative provision prohibiting and sanctioning domestic violence.
The proposed budget reflects a decreased provision for generators and refrigeration equipment spare parts compared with the 2006/07 period, from 15 per cent of the inventory value for both in 2006/07 to 10 and 5 per cent, respectively, in the 2007/08 period.
With regard to coordination, States parties should increase efforts to enhance cross-border criminal justice action, including, where appropriate, by making increased use of joint investigations, special investigative techniques, information-sharing and the transfer of knowledge regarding the use of those measures (see para. 28 (a) above).
Now the pollution become more serious, the exhaust of the car is the main source.
Moderate intradivisional restructuring has taken place, but there are several more complex underlying issues that require a detailed organizational assessment before restructuring.
The Agency's system of fund accounting provides a full identification of income and expenditure by purpose and the complete separation of the assets and liabilities of each fund.
The Canadian delegation looks forward to a productive discussion over the coming weeks.
Recalling also that the prohibition of torture is a peremptory norm of international law and that international, regional and domestic courts have held the prohibition of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment to be customary international law,
The batter was too stiff to beat.
21. Developing countries such as Cuba and India are becoming major centres of health-related biotechnology research and development, production and marketing.
You want the highest quality instruction and supervision in workshop facilitation and personal coaching skills.
– Protocol for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts of Violence at Airports Serving International Civil Aviation, Supplementary to the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation (1988): 87;
Ecuador
These exist throughout Africa, with one for Europe and another for North America.
In line with the Afghanization strategy, international staff will be based in the sub-offices on a rotational basis to provide guidance and training to national staff.
ACC Subcommittee on Nutrition
The U.S. currency remains the most popular among global banks, accounting for 55% of the assets and liabilities they hold in foreign currencies, according to the Bank for International Settlements.
The position of telephone operators was most often filled by women, creating a new world of opportunities for females to struggle for the equal rights to males.
But the sad reality is that any finger-wagging by the Europeans might serve only to expose their impotence.
353. The International Tin Research Institute and Tantalum-Niobium International Study Centre continue to exhibit a high level of awareness of the guidelines, and have made a significant positive contribution to their members’ due diligence implementation, not least through the implementation of the Institute’s Tin Supply Chain Initiative.
20. To continue its efforts to improve the status of women and ensure their full participation in all areas of life (Belarus);
Establishment of a country task force on monitoring and reporting on serious child rights violations
Mr. Chairman,A strong and stable financial foundation is the basic condition for the UN to fulfill its Charter responsibilities and accomplish its missions.
1,322 vehicles maintained and operated in 18 locations and 8.9 million litres of fuel, oil and lubricants consumed
We aim to delegitimize only the settlement activities, the occupation and apartheid and the logic of ruthless force, and we believe that all the countries of the world stand with us in this regard.
In the interests of aligning the Arrest Convention with the MLM Convention, ICS suggests that subparagraph (u) should read:
" Trignometry, " Norman said; " a higher form of math. "
It is common in Iran to offer gold coins, or property as mahr and the number of gold coins (worth about 260 dollars) could vary from 14 to even hundreds or thousands.
29.14 Overall, progress has been made in the implementation of the guidelines on the protection of refugee women.
5.4 In relation to the merits of the communication, the author considers that the material and moral prejudice deriving from the unreasonable time of the procedure is manifest.
However, there is still no evidence that systematic measures are being taken on the ground, including legal proceedings against suspected perpetrators.
Financial assistance to families is provided through the Social Assistance Act, and benefits are based on size of the family and need.
C. Response to the Permanent Forum's special emphasis on indigenous children and youth, indigenous women, data collection and disaggregation and free, prior and informed consent
On 14th December 2000 Malta signed the United Nations Convention on Transnational Organised Crime as adopted by the United Nations at its 55th session of the General Assembly on 15 November 2000.
HOLD: The scanner will stop when a signal is received, and will not restart.
Governments and international organizations are further encouraged to promote capacity-building with a view to enabling them to implementing and enforcing effective environmental policies, including through the design and use of economic instruments, taking into account the specific conditions and the different levels of development in individual countries.
Furthermore, not all recipients proved the capability to deliver their contractual project inputs on time or they delayed progress by other means, e.g. one company hampered the installation of new equipment for almost one year.
Railway lines opened in 1919
You can see it on most old typewriters on the same key as number 2.
(b) Commercial freight and cartage
How are the OpenType Pro fonts that are bundled with Mac OS X different from the OpenType Pro fonts produced by Adobe?
The Subcommittee also recalls that the fulfilment of the State's international obligation in this respect is the responsibility of all branches of government.
You're trying to keep him for yourself,aren't you?
Training/dissemination of the Convention
60. In the case of Western Sahara, Morocco, in the absence of progress in the negotiations on its 2007 proposal of autonomy for what it regarded as its southern provinces, had moved ahead with plans for regionalization, culminating in the 2011 Constitution, which had set in motion a decentralization process devolving effective power to regional councils, thus giving all regions the autonomy, capacity and responsibility to advance development and manage their own affairs, while also safeguarding their cultural and linguistic identity.
The best method of making this dish is to use the microwave oven.
Health
lf she's dead why did we not find her body?
It had rolled to the side of the road with a noise like a hundred tin cans collapsing, and the old chap had instinctively scrambled off the truck and gone toddling after it.
10. On 26 January 2004, the Working Group approved its programme of work as contained in document E/CN.4/2004/WG.21/2.
Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Colombia, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Marshall Islands, Mauritius, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Saint Lucia, San Marino, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tonga, Tunisia, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Yugoslavia, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Where appropriate, the notes to these model provisions refer the reader to provisions of the Model Procurement Law, which may, mutatis mutandis, supplement the practical elements of the selection procedure described herein.
The aim of the Plan is to improve these people's situation and to reduce the nuisance they cause.
Taking note with appreciation of current and ongoing collaboration with other convention secretariats and with United Nations organizations located in Bonn on the provision of common services, on the strengthening of liaison arrangements and on enhancing synergies, aimed at, among other things, improving efficiency,
(b) Strengthen the capacities of administrative and financial institutions as well as delivery systems responsible for expanding access to land, housing, basic services and infrastructure, particularly by the poor, women [addition;, people with disabilities and other vulnerable groups];
33. As the international community places greater emphasis on a holistic and coordinated approach to development, it will be important for the United Nations Forum on Forests to ensure that the use of forests for development and the effects on forests of other activities, are well understood.
Mrs. Hughes, I'd like you to meet my friend Peter Brown.
1 x Legal Advisor (P5)
Besides the expected economic benefits of multinational repositories, there is a reason to look at them in terms of non-proliferation in the case of spent fuel, because the potential risk associated with the contained plutonium, plutonium whose accessibility increases with time due to the radiological decay of the associated fission products.
He added that people who were normally critical of using the SDF in a domestic situation found this acceptable.
Able to and stand hard and adaptable.
This hotel just doesn't meet my expectations.
According to such research, the general public associates "stereotype" with "caricature" or with unfavourable treatment of either gender.
2. Article 67 states a generally-accepted international rule.
In this paper, By use of the holographic theory and Fourier transform spectrum analysis, The impulse response and resolving power of Fresnel digital holography is presented.
69. The Special Committee reiterates its call on the Government of Israel to cooperate with it in the implementation of its mandate, in accordance with its obligations as a Member State and, in particular, in the light of the demand of the General Assembly in its resolution 67/118.
He changed course, swimming with the current, and finally made it to shore downstream.
She was the queen of fashion during the 60s.
3. The Committee commends the State party for its delegation, headed by the Under-Secretary of State in the Ministry of Labour and Social Policy, which included representatives of various ministries.
Ms. Sarah Maillefer (Switzerland)
This vision is today still anchored in the religious ideas of the international far - right movement.
(b) Member States are capable of complying with the provisions of the relevant conventions and protocols, the United Nations Global Counter-Terrorism Strategy and the Security Council resolutions pertaining to counter-terrorism;
The Minister of Justice stated that a new Penal Bill, taking these four issues into consideration, was to be presented to Parliament this year.
No other explanation was provided.
The commission relied primarily on first-hand accounts to corroborate its findings.
-Now you can start with the appraisaIs--
Expected accomplishments
Of the 33 million people living with HIV worldwide, nearly half are female.
Shanghai has about 70 creative parks.
Rich resources and hidden wealth  abound  in these areas.
Independent information suggested that more than 5,000 Muslim families were still living in campsites or colonies.
Methods Morphological diagnosis by examination of blood films, bone marrow smears, imprints and sections(called "four slides" ).
Its primary aspects are knowledge, information, communication and access to services and products.
Colombia is concerned with the imbalance that exists in the relationships between the main bodies of the Organization and stresses the need to restore the balance stipulated in the United Nations Charter.
The normal time for processing a passive extradition request is approximately six months.
Atlin Lake
2. Main recommendations
Other required to be in the industrial and commercial administration authorities for registration of the name of the organization.
The Acting President: The Assembly will now hear an address by the President of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea.
H.E. Mr. Kaire Munionganda Mbuende
In that context, the European Union attached particular importance to the implementation of the Integrated Framework for Trade-Related Technical Assistance, which had been established by WTO, UNCTAD, the International Trade Centre (ITC), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the World Bank and IMF.
10 June 1993
Many decisions have included detailed recommendations to States parties to halt further human rights violations, to initiate a dialogue with victims of racial discrimination, and to seek technical assistance and advisory services from the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Note by the Secretary-General on the proposed programme of work in population for the biennium 2000–2001: Population Division, Department of Economic and Social Affairs (E/CN.9/1999/7)
Argentina pointed to the importance of cooperating offenders, allowing the reduction of a sentence for those who assisted in providing information leading to the release of the victim and the identification of the perpetrators.
Colombia's internal conflict has created a significant humanitarian problem that Ecuador has had to confront and deal with.
136.44 Take all necessary measures to ensure equal access to health and education (Bahrain);
Insufficient evidence of value.
No treatment related effects were observed on parameters of reproductive function of performance: length of estrous cycle.
Such political acts with economic implications continue to restrict investment, trade, employment, technology transfer and the prospects for economic growth not only of the targeted countries but also of other countries.
Then, back in his bedroom at night, he practiced and prepared himself for the opportunity that he knew would present itself.
48. The DPRK adopted the Socialist Constitution on 27 December 1972 in line with the established socialist system and amended it, in April 1992 and October 1998, to consolidate the successes of the socialist construction and to better protect the genuine democratic freedom and rights of the citizens.
 Next, we should systematically consider the question of the timetable of operations.
Rekrut
Liverpool board members are adamant they will not lose any of their top players this summer.
An ejection hook part at the lower edge of the fuselage can eject the aircraft model toy out to improve the initial speed.
:: Effectiveness of prevention systems to reduce work-related accidents and diseases.
The outputs produced by UNIDO to achieve these outcomes are also clearly described.
At that moment Nikolay came in with his wife.
(iv) Security Council: parliamentary documentation: reports of the Secretary-General on small arms and light weapons (2);
Put your carry-on baggage on the belt, please.
36. He wished to know what countries the Special Rapporteur planned to visit in the future and what criteria were used in the selection of those countries.
The author received such a heavy blow to his left eye that it was severely and permanently damaged.
Immediately thereafter, the Head of the Special Group was invited by Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz to a discussion of the procedures and the facilities to be provided by the Iraqi authorities for the visits.
I don't know-- she's from the republic of cocktail land?
Unpaid assessed contributions as at 31 December 2012 totalled $327 million, $127 million below the unpaid amount of $454 million at 31 December 2011. The outstanding amount of
Algeria
146. The Advisory Committee notes that the Secretary-General used these elements to provide the basis for the budget of the Mission for 2011.
1. Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments: Appointment of members of the Joint Inspection Unit: note by the Secretary-General (A/66/509)2 [115 (g)]
RECOMMENDATION Para. 252
And when one’s dealing with the whole spectrum of knowledge, I think that’s the only realistic option for communicating with computers too.
14. Authorizes the Member States acting under paragraphs 10 and 11 above to take all necessary measures to effect the implementation of and to ensure compliance with annexes 1-A and 2 of the Peace Agreement, stresses that the parties shall continue to be held equally responsible for the compliance with that annex and shall be equally subject to such enforcement action by EUFOR ALTHEA and the NATO presence as may be necessary to ensure implementation of those annexes and the protection of EUFOR ALTHEA and the NATO presence;
The scene in the hallway hasn't happened yet.
MARRAKESH – Wetlands, forests, and oceans absorb and store carbon, which makes them a vital asset for countries pursuing the Paris climate agreement’s targets for reducing CO2 emissions.
:: Partners: UNICEF, UNDP, UNIFEM, UNFPA
:: Establish ad hoc working groups to discuss evaluation results.
As stated in the review, it was imperative that children, especially those caught in conflict, were protected from harm and ensured access to health care, education, clean water and sanitation and social services.
Speakers expressed their satisfaction with the high profile given at the Congress to crucial criminal justice issues as countries came under increasing pressure to adapt their justice systems to new conditions.
The Government also worked with Aboriginal women's organizations to host the Aboriginal Women and Self-Governance Policy Forum (December 17, 2004), a forum on women, leadership and self-governance.
47. UNHCR continues to promote and implement the strategies outlined in its May 2003 Framework for Durable Solutions: Development Assistance for Refugees (DAR); Repatriation, Reintegration, Rehabilitation and Reconstruction (4Rs) and Development through Local Integration (DLI).
11.D.1. "Software"
Such an anomaly should be explained in a footnote.
A Pillow Case of Mystery
E. Open-ended Working Group on the draft United Nations declaration on human rights education and training 316 147
That advisory committee met last week and voted that these drugs should not be given to children under the age of six.
A pulse of energy generated in that vast expanse of water neared a submerged line of rocks and reared up in front of me in a green wall.
67. The Myanmar government has invited the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Children and Armed Conflict, Mr. Olara Otunnu to visit Myanmar at a mutually convenient date.
He never does his homework himself; he just copies his brother's.
If those trends hold in the future, the researchers estimate that half the world's population could face a climate-induced food crisis by 2100
23. The institutional framework for the protection of the rights of the child comprises the Ministry of Health, Labour and Social Welfare, the Ministry of Education and Science, the Ministry of Justice, preschool and school facilities, social work centres, courts, the police, the Parliament, the Office of the Ombudsman, and the Council for the Rights of the Child.
The basic problems of LDCs that need to be addressed revolve around the supplyside constraints that limit productive capacities and competitiveness.
Focusing on the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action could make that implementation more effective and better coordinated among the international community.
She stressed that UNFPA was firmly committed to concrete and active implementation of the resolution.
The thermal shield ( TS ) is a main part of EAST superconducting Tokamak.
19. The overwhelming sense of the JISC is that significant changes to the set-up of the mechanism are needed if JI is to remain a useful tool in the future.
864/1999, Ruiz Agudo
44. With regard to the Shipping Unit, there is a continuous requirement to administer, monitor and control the services related to the significant volume of commercial forwarding.
The warrant I have of your honourable disposition, not the worth of my untutored lines, make it assured of acceptance
Luandi
52. From 16 to 18 April 2009, the Chairperson of the Guinea-Bissau configuration visited the country for the first time since the swearing in of the new Government and met with interim President Raimundo Pereira, the members of the Government, the Chief of General Staff and the National Steering Committee for Peacebuilding.
(b) One C-160, one C-130 and one CN-235 military aircraft violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the areas of Karpasia before exiting towards a southeastern direction.
 PAHO coordinates the provision of humanitarian health assistance and is responsible for the distribution of gasoline for all humanitarian assistance in Haiti.
Examen des politiques d'investissement et Programme de suivi
Plœuc-sur-Lié
Reflecting indigenous heritage in national curricula
But I think I'd like to deal with this on my own.
Historians and anthropologists shared their theories, methodologies, and materials to achieve significant breakthroughs.
Objective To investigate the effect of rapid fluid replacement on hemorheology in delayed resuscitation after burn.
Let life be a titration curve!
This has been unavoidable in the circumstances, though each item has been analysed in the context of the newly proposed mission statement set out in paragraph 19 above.
It's going to be my treat today - I'll pay the bill.
Little did I know what a great effort he'd made.
9 A:Have you been to other parts of China
This will be achieved through region-based outputs in the draft programme of work for 20142015, including efforts to scale up support by UNEP to countries and regions, in particular through capacitybuilding and technology support to assist countries in implementing their environmental policies, which are largely based on provisions and targets from multilateral environmental agreements.
The show will be aired next Tuesday night.
World Archery Championships
1. Takes note of the report of the working group (E/CN.4/1996/97);
Fool bite one another, but wise men agree together.
5. Other matters.
 The Advisory Committee also recalls and reiterates its observation in paragraph 22 of its report contained in document A/48/900 that any payment relating to hazardous duty station allowance should be made in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations of the United Nations.
UNHCR has already put in place a more flexible approach to emergency staffing.
Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues
Predeployment visits carried out to Bangladesh, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Jordan, Malawi, Nepal, Norway, Rwanda (2), Togo (2) and the United Republic of Tanzania
But we just have to try to take it for what it's worth and go on.
How about your vacation.
Coping with this global challenge also offers an enormous opportunity for future prosperity and social justice that we must seize.
well, there may be times when he will have to learn to do without.
Comoros
Sonnet, as one of the important poetry forms, is well known for its well-knit structure and beautiful rhymes.
Capacity building;
The perspective of major groups
Iraq declared that one flight test of the RPV-20 had achieved a range of 124 km.
4 E
C. Collaboration between the libraries of the United Nations system
4 x 4 ambulance
For example, UNCTAD and Comsec are the two main providers of computerized debt management tools for debt management.
The Committee recommends that the State party to consider ratifying the ILO Convention No. 98 (1949) on the Right to Organize and Collective Bargaining.
DJ Swamp is the winner of this round!
Les Bessons
Decisions made at that point are the key to realizing the benefits envisaged at the start of the project.
Two-month Group Training Course in Application of Information Management and Related ICT for Official Statistics, 10 May - 9 July
If any of them disrupt public order or violate the law, they must be dealt with unhesitatingly.
106. The Panel urges the Government and its international partners, including UNMIL, to fill the gap that the Panel has identified in the training of armed forces personnel once the emergency measures relating to the Ebola containment efforts have concluded: the training of the armed forces in human rights, civics and civil-military relations in a democracy.
There have been delays in facilitating the deployment and operational readiness of surge troops.
Streamlining contractual arrangements and addressing conditions of service are two interrelated cornerstones of the Secretary-General's new human resources framework designed to meet the operational requirements of the Secretariat, both at its established duty stations and in its field operations.
"18. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session, under the item entitled 'Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East', the sub-item entitled 'United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon'."
With colonization often comes policies of militarization, removal of indigenous peoples, introduction of foreign diseases and imposition of foreign governmental structures that don't recognize the inherent rights of the indigenous to their lands, waters and self-determination and to practise their culture and spiritual ceremonies.
The Board considers that the rate of implementation at this point in the biennium represents good progress.
(e) Resolution 58/126 of 19 December 2003, entitled "Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly";
Taken together, this means China is a lot more dependent on the global economy than many believe and a significant chunk of the growth in China's demand for commodities reflects a shift in manufacturing location.
Through the Operating Manual adequate provision for data and statistics on each of the twelve critical issues from the Beijing Declaration will be included to allow effective implementation of the goals and Commission on Status of Women Sessions outcome in various Igbo States and the Diaspora.
Other per-pixel lights are rendered in additional passes, one pass for each light.
 However, economic reform has not brought a significant increase in investment, according to the World Economic Survey, 1993.
A table containing details of these losses is annexed hereto.
When the twenty-first century began, Latin America and the Caribbean were just starting their march towards integration into the global economy.
It'seldom snows here.
It was noted that controls over those new synthetic substances had to be introduced swiftly.
However, utilizing religion for the purposes of fostering national identity politics harbours serious risks of increased discrimination against members of religious minorities, as well as hostility towards those perceived as not belonging to the mainstream national-religious identity.
States parties should consider the decriminalization of defamation and, in any case, the application of the criminal law should only be countenanced in the most serious of cases and imprisonment is never an appropriate penalty".
Work on supercritical and ultra-high-pressure boilers as well as polygeneration facilities, where electricity becomes a by-product of other value-added products, has opened up new opportunities.
One of the small children began to wail with terror.
Rule 20
Do You Like Your Child Sucking Fingers
Those achievements had been made in just one year.
He may be ill.Tom might come here at nine but I am not sure.3)canHe can't be her father; he is too young.
76. It is hard to imagine a student focusing their energy on textbook while other children are playing.77
Independence of the judiciary and lawyers
While union activities are often intended to improve teachers' working conditions, they have also fostered more transparent management of teacher promotions, greater attention to teacher's professional and continuing education, significant salary increases and a better system of incentives.
He describes, for example, the discovery of the origin of the bones of the mammalian middle ear.
The States Supervisor is Head of the Guernsey Civil Service and Chief Officer of the States Advisory and
b. In the event a typhoon signal No. 8 or above or a black rainstorm warning is hoisted between 9.00 a.m. and 12.00 noon on Friday, 15 May 2009, the tender closing time will be postponed to 12.00 noon on the first working day of the following week. An announcement of the change will be made through the radio.
This definition mixes nature and nurture, and means that “traits” can to some extent be learned rather than merely inherited.
EPILOGUE One cannot choose but wonder.
 In Arusha, the existing Arusha International Conference Centre telephone system was used, resulting in no expenditure except for the external commercial communications provided by the Tanzanian Telephone Company.
The complainant mistakenly believed that these lawful measures were directed at him alone, in view of several incidents that occurred during that period, and interpreted them as being attempts at intimidation or reprisals.
(g) To ensure, subject to the respective constitutional and legal systems of States, that the armed forces, police or any other body authorized to hold small arms and light weapons establishes adequate and detailed standards and procedures relating to the management and security of their stocks of these weapons, and to ensure that such stocks declared by competent national authorities to be surplus to requirements are clearly identified, that programmes for the responsible disposal, preferably through destruction, of such stocks are established and implemented, and that such stocks are adequately safeguarded until disposal;
"Access to information and knowledge" (C3)
(f) To develop a plan to assist the Committee with addressing non-compliance with the measures referred to in paragraph 1 of this resolution;
18. Access for members of the information media will be granted in accordance with the relevant provisions of document A/65/HLPM/INF/1.
40. I concur with the view of my Personal Envoy that the Security Council cannot afford to adopt such an attitude.
Jean Baptiste Perrin
These codes of conduct adopt a similar approach in considering biological and toxin weapons, and opt for a general prohibition on the development of these weapons, as opposed to a detailed set of behavioural controls to prevent such development taking place.
The participants will include H.E. Mr. Sergio Vento, Permanent Representative of Italy to the United Nations; Mayor Hector Silva of San Salvador (El Salvador); Mrs. Anna Kajumulo Tibaijuka, Executive Director of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat); and Ms. Frannie Leautier, Director, Infrastructure Division, World Bank.
Detailed information on the various types of assistance provided through the projects financed by the Fund, as well as their impact on beneficiaries, can be found in the report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session (A/58/284, paras. 27-34).
So what can I do you for?
(c) Participating each year in six conferences, seminars and other special events dealing with decolonization sponsored by non-governmental organizations and the United Nations bodies concerned;
Benin
Red Vine Leaf extract comes from the vines of Vitis vinifera Linne.
The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that some 100 million people carry the sickle-cell trait and that at least 500,000 children are born each year with the most severe form of the disease (Hb SS), most of them in Africa, the Caribbean and the Americas.
e/ The Ordinance on legal aid
Letter of 12 October 2000 to the Chief Executive on the Administration's review of overtime and related allowances
Fax: 2433 1986
I mean, what's his secret? How does he do it?
As I told the Nobel committee last year when accepting the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of my organization, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, nuclear arms are a “madman’s gun held permanently to our temple.”
The Executive Committee has the right to terminate membership under the following circumstances:
The amount of $30,164 is shown in statement I and the adjusted provision is shown in note 15 (a).
Third session
“(2) After notification of the assignment, an agreement between the assignor and the debtor that affects the assignee’s rights is ineffective as against the assignee unless:
We were overruled by the majority.
At its twentieth session the Commission will have before it, for its consideration, the report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the consolidated budget for the biennium 2010-2011 for UNODC (E/CN.7/2011/11-E/CN.15/2011/11) and, for its approval, any revised estimates contained therein for the general-purpose funds budget for the biennium 2010-2011.
 (h) To investigate and report on incidents regarding the activities of the Gendarmerie and police.
People in Hongkong and Macao have experience in tackling the ancient financial crisis.
(f) If the means test is calculated on the basis of the household income of a family, but individual family members are in conflict with each other or do not have equal access to the family income, only the income of the person applying for legal aid is used for the purpose of the means test.
The central recommendation to the Government was the establishment of an independent body with the task of investigating all cases of disappearance which had occurred since 1995 and to accelerate its efforts to bring the perpetrators to justice.
Way to realize this goal? Most beginning players will attempt to
PBBs and PCTs are rarely found in large bulk situations and therefore do not have the potential to form large amounts of waste.
On that occasion, the Secretary-General of AALCO recalled the close cooperation that existed between AALCO and UNHCR and gave assurances that the organization would be a valuable partner of UNHCR in finding durable solutions to refugee problems.
I'm the second person in charge in my family.
AR2012/110/01
12 November 2001
Time frame and coverage of national policy for persons with disabilities
University of Cambridge -- First Certificate in English
The report should set alarm bells ringing about standards in education.
But Myers did not anxious murdered, but to set up a trap Fisher.
the doctor had said my father would recover in two months.
7. The Committee will continue its efforts to fulfil the mandate entrusted to it.
Severe penalties for domestic violence were not enough; prevention and protection were also needed.
A 12/04/2006;
11. He reported that today, as the delegations were deliberating, 55 individuals would become infected, adding to the 2.5 million people already living with HIV in the region.
13. On the other hand, there are elements that could impede the successful participation of developing countries in partnerships.
Sixty-eighth session
Switzerland Marianne von Grünigen, Urs Breiter, Anita Marfurt,
Develop a migration policy, taking into account the international human rights standards in this respect (Guatemala);
We should bring the initiative of the masses into full play.
Gabi
Map collection (from 3 to 4.30 p.m., in the Map Library)
And physically, no, but I put me.
Monoamine oxidase
On the way, they paused in a village to rest.
What makes you think he'll come through here?
Accountability was a source of concern due to interference, a lack of institutional capacity and fears of retaliation.
Paragraph 3
And while most of that will be borrowed by the private sector rather than the government to which the IMF lends, it still illustrates the huge size of gross financial flows.
37. It is reasonable to believe that, through this approach, persons connected with port seizures will be arrested and networks dismantled.
Under the "Father, Send Me to School" campaign, the re-inclusion of girls became possible with the help of broad-based national campaigns.
In a joint statement, the central banks said 'these measures, together with other actions taken in the last few days by individual central banks, are designed to improve the liquidity conditions in global financial markets.
abstract: Objective To understand conflict management styles of nurses working in tertiary hospitals.
40. Finally, the Special Rapporteur expressed serious concern (ibid., para. 50) about cases of incitement to racial or religious hatred and called on States to address such cases promptly within the existing international human rights framework.
25. The administration also wishes to express reservation over the inclusion of the general conditions for service contracts, as most of the criteria for the measurement of cost-effectiveness and efficiency are dependent on the type of services being requested, and thus it could not be adequately covered in a single standard format.
Relays are versatile devices used to meet the needs of hundreds of varied products and applications.
38. He expressed the hope that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty would soon receive the ratifications needed for it to enter into force.
of $420. This is the only charge any defendant has to pay, no matter how long the
Referring to resolution A above,
"Taking into account the statements made during the debate,
The cost benefits of internal printing operations are also confirmed in a report by the United Nations Secretary-General on internal and external printing practices of the Organization;
121. The mission considers that for the future of New Caledonia it is essential that the recommendations contained in the 2011 report of the Special Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples, in particular those concerning Kanak participation in the political arena and governance (see A/HRC/18/35/Add.6, paras. 72-76) and those relating to social and economic disparities (ibid., paras. 84-88), be urgently implemented.
This work has been going on very diligently, and many rounds of consultations and briefings have been offered and held in capitals and in the region.
E.g., 18 U.S.C. § 35(b) (prohibiting hoaxes concerning explosive or destructive devices when they impact motor vehicles, railroads, or shipping); 18 U.S.C. § 844(e) (hoaxes concerning bomb threats to buildings); 18 U.S.C. § 876 (mailing threatening communications); 18 U.S.C. § 1001 (providing material false statements); 49 U.S.C. § 46507 (hoaxes related to aircraft piracy).
Through rebuild the process in enterprise, some critical points are paid close attention.
Afghanistan, Chad, the Central African Republic, the Niger and Uganda had as few as 0.2 main telephone lines per 100 inhabitants.
4. Ireland was the Coordinator of the New Agenda Coalition during the 57th session of the United Nations General Assembly and as such was a lead co-sponsor of the two resolutions put forward by the NAC.
Land Administration project
He lived in constant fear that, despite a Civil Administration intervention in his favour, settlers would carry out their plan of demolishing two adjacent walls which would cause his house to collapse.
Stage III: This stage consists of data collection and validation of both price and national accounts data.
7. On 7 July 2003, the Human Rights Committee therefore decided that the communication was admissible.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Quibdó
Such was its beauty that it was not destroyed when the Christians captured the city, but converted into a Cathedral, just as the great basilicas of Constantinople became the great mosques of Istanbul when that city fell to the Ottoman empire a century later.
A/61/491 S/2006/794 Letter dated 29 September 2006 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Ukraine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
The difficulties on cast iron welding are explained in the paper.
Reduction in wage gap with the rest of Canada; and
We have also spoken against the distinct lack of transparency in scheduling open and public meetings of the Council.
The Committee therefore considers that the State party's unilateral modification of the author's name and patronymic on official documents is not reasonable, and amounts to unlawful and arbitrary interference with his privacy, in violation of article 17 of the Covenant.
Details on what services were to be provided and what would not be covered by the common service were given and terms of reference for the proposed Special Interest Groups were developed.
Pro Challenge Series – Event 5
The Executive Director recommends that the Committee of the Whole, if established, should meet from the afternoon of Wednesday, 20 February 2008, until and including the morning of Friday, 22 February 2008.
In 1997 the total output of China's ocean fishing industry came to 13.854 million tons.
' he said.
Oil prices have fallen more than $10 a barrel since mid-July, with futures in New York recovering slightly yesterday to trade at $65.94 a barrel.
The body divides its work among nine thematic subgroups focusing on a wide range of human rights issues.
) Get up and dress quickly
Article 7
Report of the Preparatory Committee for the United Nations Conference to Review Progress
A woman never overcomes these problems by any exercise of thought. They are not to be solved, or only in one way.
750. In the Information Technology Services Division an amount of $59,800 is requested for travel of a proposed consultant and general temporary assistance staff to conduct training in relation to the United Nations laissez-passer project.
Taxi driver: Really?
Instead ominous clouds hung over their heads.
The persistence of health problems related to insufficient access to safe water and sanitation are also a matter of concern.
The cabinet has no independent power and can't deliver reforms or meet the demands of the opposition on its own.
 Allegedly, a senior police officer who arrived at the scene did nothing to stop the ill-treatment.
GEF Global Environment Facility
Using this method available information of plentiful alarms has been extracted and procedure for intrusion of hacker has been replayed visually.
Article152, paragraph 2
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
147. Detailed implementation plans for Headquarters peacekeeping operations and action plans for missions are vital to ensure the successful and timely implementation of IPSAS at operational levels.
He exaggerated the dangers of the trip in order to frighten them into not going.
C. Monthly expenditure pattern
The meeting was suspended at 10.25 a.m. and resumed at 11.30 a.m.
Stress is laid on the temporary nature of the accommodation: the relationship between provider and occupant is governed by a temporary occupancy agreement and the tenant is encouraged to seek other suitable accommodation (within time limits compatible with the situation of the persons concerned).
In addition to OIOS, ad hoc panels, made up of heads of offices and departments, the Department of Safety and Security, special investigations units in peacekeeping missions and so on, were involved in the investigation process.
The report also addresses measures taken by Member States in the area of drug demand reduction and related measures, based on the responses provided by Member States to part II of the annual report questionnaire, concerning action taken to implement the Political Declaration and Plan of Action on International Cooperation towards an Integrated and Balanced Strategy to Counter the World Drug Problem.
(c) Status of documentation for the session (E/2002/L.8).
The Secretary-General’s reform proposals posed new challenges and opportunities, and he looked forward to the promising opportunities presented by cooperation with the Strategic Planning Unit.
21:14 Settle it therefore in your hearts, not to meditate before what ye shall answer: 21:15 For I will give you a mouth and wisdom, which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist
9. The Advisory Committee expects that in the follow-up report requested in paragraph 11 of its report on revised estimates (A/60/7/Add.13), the Secretary-General will provide further details on the various activities carried out by different organizational entities within the Secretariat with regard to ethics, as well as other issues raised in its report on revised estimates, including the operation of the whistle-blower protection policy, which the Committee is now informed has been finalized.
Recent sales of polyester products performed well, textile City trading volume continues to rise.
Noting with concern that the coverage of existing social protection programmes tends to be low and uneven, with the most excluded social groups -- in particular the poor and vulnerable -- having the lowest levels of protection, despite having the greatest need,
Since 2001, New Zealand has made a substantial commitment to the international effort to restore peace and security in Afghanistan.
63/78. Regional confidence-building measures: activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa
 (c) To professionalize the Armed Forces of Haiti and to enhance their non-combat capabilities;
He said: "Arsenal fans can be completely relaxed that Wenger has got this signing spot on - Da Silva is a great buy. "
Introduction
The Panel was unable to gain access to the area.
He's here in New York, I guess, she said. I haven't seen him for some time.
 31. The Seventh Summit of Heads of State and Government of SAARC, held in Dhaka, Bangladesh, in April 1993, endorsed the Colombo resolution, [13] strongly linking it with a collective commitment to eradicate poverty within 10 years.
The ocular axial length and refractive degree were stable after operation.
6. The human rights situation on the ground
30. Reporting under country profiles should:
- Releasing part of the resources allocated to the current patterns of production and dissemination to partially offset transmission cost;
Satellite
The Unit provides technical assistance and advice, supports intergovernmental processes, leads inter-agency coordination, and reports on progress made in the implementation of the Mauritius Strategy.
Justice League
They have authority to track and analyse issues and trends and to formulate recommendations for changing policies, procedures and practices in their regular reports.
Then what about SRCC? Can we request you to cover this for our imports?
(b) Efforts taken at the national level to strengthen information security and promote international cooperation in this field;
If possible, it would be the Chair's aim to complete that phase of the work of the Committee by Friday, 30 October.
5. In conducting the above activities, the High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict shall take into account international standards, including the International Mine Action Standards.
It now occurred to the girls that their mother was in all likelihood, perfectly ignorant of what had happened. They went to the library, therefore, and asked their father whether he would not wish them to make it known to her.
And that, I think, is the first Ferrari ever with a front-mounted V8.
www.un.org/chronicle
Trichlorfon is also considered as having the potential to cause neurological damage higher for humans than for animals, as demonstrated on the delayed neuropathy (ANVISA, 2009).
By its very nature, sport is about participation. It is about social inclusion.
. The regulation of the television business in the United Kingdom is carried out by the Independent Television Commission (ITC).
Background
NC: This topic has been actively discussed in the framework of the Organisation for a few years.
The next meeting will be held on Tuesday, 9 January 2001, at 10 a.m. sharp, in Conference Room 9.
When implemented, it should result in a significant reduction in the time and cost of transit-related customs procedures in landlocked and transit developing countries and in an improvement in the efficiency of customs controls and cargo tracking.
We hope that the international community will support Iraq and help it to achieve that noble goal.
Spreading the World Silbo Style Spreading the World Silbo Style If you cant blow, you must go
63. A number of delegations suggested that economic, social and cultural rights are less absolute than civil and political rights, given that the criteria for establishing infringements of ICESCR varied with the resources available to a State.
55. Mr. Gregory (Canada) said that his delegation would be pleased to participate in the group.
Nuclear and ballistic proliferation by State actors is a growing menace, and the risk that non-State actors will acquire WMD is increasing with time.
For amazement had seized him and all his companions because of the catch of fish which they had taken
Summary of preparations for the Pacific for the Third International Conference on Small Island Developing States
Temporary President: Mr. Padilla Menéndez . (Guatemala)
1.2 Strengthened democratic State institutions at the national and local levels
Trust me, no one is ever going to confuse you with a ballerina, okay?
Recommendation No. 98.9
Togo
This greater emphasis on policy dialogue should be complemented by less reliance on resolutions as the main measure of the Committee's productivity.
Entrants found to have committed acts of plagiarism in their work will be disqualified.
This prerogative has been closely guarded by States, which have criminalized the use of force by non-State actors or those involved in armed conflicts outside State sanction.
You, as a learned man,certainly know how strange nature is.
386. The law establishes special rules in relation to the right to food.
This image of a previous solar filament of the sun's surface shows the scale of eruptions.
Futuristic cowboy straddles a rocket attempting to lasso various robot - cattle.
Israel and Saudi Arabia, seemingly the most unlikely of allies, have come together to contain their common enemy: Iran, with its mushrooming influence in Iraq, Lebanon, and Palestine.
Paul goes to Victoria and puts the ring on her finger. The two hug happily.
In connection with the draft convention submitted by Poland, Japan stated that it had a number of reservations on the provisions included therein.
Methods: Electrophoresis of agarose-starch mixed with gel was used in these experiments.
Thirty-ninth session
Finland made recommendations.
However no further studies are available.
:: The establishment of a Ministry to Combat HIV;
Complaints against ICAC or its officers can be made direct to the Committee as well as ICAC at any of its offices.
In view of its general recommendation No. 30 (2004) on discrimination against non-citizens, the Committee urges the State party to ensure that non-citizens enjoy equal protection and recognition before the law.
Security Council resolution 1521 (2003)
Article 8 (2) (a) (vii)1 War crime of unlawful deportation and transfer
Festivals, neighbors Guangdong aunt taught me to use it made of chick pie, pour fat but not too sweet, Gancui refreshing.
Having heard the report of the delegation of the Sudan on the extent of foreign intervention in the internal affairs of the Sudan, and developments in the foreign schemes to destabilize that country and to threaten its security and territorial integrity,
Bring prescriptions for significant medications.
6.2 The core functions of the Division are as follows:
10-14 years old
(b) Election of twenty-nine members of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme (resolution 2997 (XXVII) of 15 December 1972 and decision 56/307 of 22 October 2001);
Total programme budget
5. URGES Members States that have not already done so, to ratify the Protocol establishing the Court and to issue the statement accepting the competence of the Court to hear cases from individuals and nongovernmental organisations in accordance with the provisions of the Protocol.
Improving the coordination of efforts against trafficking in persons
Technical assistance
Oh, Robin, that's marvelous!
19. The view was expressed that the Secretariat should continue its efforts to ensure that unutilized conference resources were reallocated by sensitizing the chairpersons of intergovernmental bodies to the need to consistently utilize the applicable benchmark figure of their allocated resources.
RC-6/12:
Mr. Thordarson (International Cooperative Alliance): Placing people at the centre of development is the purpose of cooperatives. Cooperatives, as I am sure everyone here knows, are autonomous associations of persons united voluntarily to meet their common economic, social and cultural aspirations through a jointly owned and democratically controlled enterprise.
Above Bachelor Degree, International Trade or English major;
(iv) Intermediate training course on asset tracing, seizure, confiscation and repatriation, for members of the Prevention and Combating of Corruption Bureau of the United Republic of Tanzania;
The Accidental Spy
Production structures have changed rapidly in the last decade.
What's so scary about that?
More Chinese entrepreneurs are to Africa to forge partnerships and look for investment opportunities.
This trend is largely the result of the selective migration policies increasingly applied by recipient countries; the rising technological intensity of economic growth; and the increasing internationalization of universities in the developed world.
The algorithm adopts three sub-systems in parallel, using evolution rules of rewriting, crossover, inversion and communication.
Determining of the Hedge Ratio for Option Trade When the Underlying Stock Price is a Renewal Jump-Diffusion Process
26. The acknowledgement that security is an inherent dimension of development and that conflicts represent one of the most important impediments to the improvement of the well-being of populations has led to the inclusion of security concerns in developmental policies.
4. Urges the Turkish Cypriot side and Turkish forces to rescind the restrictions imposed on 30 June 2000 on the operations of the Force and to restore the military status quo ante at Strovilia;
$138 per hour
It is now back to the same old grind after Labour Day Golden Week annulled.
(h) The list of suppliers or contractors parties to the framework agreement (the procurement regulations may explain that posting the list in such a way could be effective implementation of the requirement on the public notice of the award of the framework agreement, contained in article 23 (1) of the Model Law);
49. Ms. Schöpp-Schilling expressed concern that most programmes for women were being financed entirely by international donors, whereas the Government itself should be providing funding for them.
Reaching the mountain top, we raised our arms and cried for joy.
Members of the Subcommittee also observed that, in most of the centres that they visited, no information was displayed in visible locations on the rights of persons deprived of their liberty to the protection of their physical and psychological integrity or on minimum due process guarantees (Miranda rights).
Paragraph 13
NGOs will also play a crucial role in the implementation of the Special Rapporteur's recommendation at the country level.
Valentin Ćorić Berislav Pušić
Partition of the Ottoman Empire
:: Training of Timorese civil servants to enhance self-sufficiency of State institutions: civilian advisers to train Timorese civil servants in establishing systems and processes and ensure the proper institutional culture at the host institutions; approximately 150 civil servants will be trained over the budget period
To feed ( livestock ) with grass.
The list below is preliminary only.
The Commission Regulation amends the Council Regulation by including the list of three persons designated by the Côte d'Ivoire Sanctions Committee on 7 February 2006 in annex I to the Council Regulation.
What did he do later?
If nothing else  has helped, consider asking for a transfer to another department.
The author tries to analyse the complexity of knowledge mask and knowledge delay in organization from the angle of the knowledge dynamics of general organization.
Politicians and military generals could simply attribute the recent catastrophe in the United States, as well as all terrorist atrocities and casualties in various regions, to the evil deeds of a certain State, group or religion.
In the less developed regions, older women do not outnumber older men to the same extent as in the developed regions, since gender differences in life expectancy are generally smaller.
Wanting to do him dirt , she sent his wife a poison - pen letter.
Cheer up! Our troubles will soon be over.
15. Real Wage Indices
Photographers loved the curly-headed, gregarious boy, and he was chosen for catalogs, commercials and print ads.
Since they were adopted in 2000, the Goals have made a huge difference, helping to set global and national priorities and fuel action on the ground.
UNFICYP arranges for the transportation of humanitarian assistance to Greek Cypriots and Maronites in the north of the country on behalf of the Cyprus Red Cross.
Other dogs in the running were the miniature schnauzer, bichon frise, and Chinese crested.
Of 10 years of above age old scar how dispel?
' he said, simply.
In buying a suit, a difference of ten cents  in price is negligible.
Miscellaneous services
Explain that a person might enjoy the taste or smell of something sometimes, but not all the time.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and
Hence the notion of the genome as a blueprint.
God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Prairie Township, Jewell County, Kansas
While not specifically referring to "legal" assistance, article 6, paragraph 2 (b), of the Palermo Protocol mandates States to provide "assistance to enable their views and concerns to be presented and considered at appropriate stages of criminal proceedings against offenders, in a manner not prejudicial to the rights of the defence".
Globally, however, the social and environmental benefits of forests are gaining importance, as reflected in current national and international policy dialogues and the national reports on forests.
211. A copy of a new German publication, Dictionary of Geographical Names of the Baltic States and the Commonwealth of Independent States, was distributed to delegates, the contents of which were described by the representative of Germany (E/CONF.94/CRP.39 and Add.1).
The Working Group encouraged States parties to support such efforts, inter alia by developing such partnerships at the national level.
Statute of the United Nations Asian and Pacific Centre for Agricultural Engineering and Machinery
Experts believe most problems are under-reported to the agency.
59. As part of the process of establishing this division and the concept of specialized care for women and persons who belong to vulnerable groups, in 2010 a police contingent of 1,087 from the Special Urban Police, the 911 system and the Operations Department were trained in domestic violence procedures and first aid.
The Council further postponed the election of three members from Latin American and Caribbean States and one member from Western European and other States for a four-year term beginning on 1 January 2007.
An average of 352 staff will retire each year, ranging from a low of 222 in 2006 to a high of 435 in 2009.
Daily consultations with the African Union on peacebuilding initiatives in Darfur and on implementation of the Darfur Peace Agreement
Madagascar
Stressing the importance of enhancing the monitoring of the implementation of resolution 1373 (2001),
They circled over all regions of Lebanon before leaving at 1125 hours over Kafr Kila.
) Based on my education/skills/experiences relevant to this job, my ideal is 35 thousand but not lower than 30 thousand a month.
As article 6 indicates, for the purposes of the Act the notion “goods” means both goods and services.
(resolution 56/24I)
Sixty-fourth session
189. No comments of substance were raised with respect to sections A, "The debtor", and B, "The insolvency representative" (see A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/ Add.10).
The sweat ran down his face and his eyes were glassy from his fever.
Office opens at 3 p.m.
The Department emphasized that women and gender studies were recognized as favored courses of study in all Government Ministries and auxiliary units.
In conclusion, on the basis of the two aforementioned Acts as well as prior legislation in this area, the Swiss Government has issued no permits for the export, import or transit of weapons or military equipment relating to Somalia since 1992.
Josh Henderson
"The Emperor has no clothes on at all!
43. "Teaching about the United Nations", a new project undertaken by the Information Service, is intended to integrate universities and post-graduate institutions in all seven countries it covers using, as a model, its experience with similar institutions in Austria.
He put the stoppers on people borrowing his books without asking.
I just want to give you some idea of how it feels, to experience the wonderful euphoric feeling of hypnosis relaxation.
United Nations Regional Course in International Law, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 2013
The organization is also on the Special List of NGOs of the International Labour Organization (ILO), and has observer status with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, and it takes an active part in their activities.
payment of flat purchase price or maintenance costs to spouse as a result of divorce / separation;
The Committee also expressed concern at the apparent impunity of the perpetrators of such violence (although a few cases have been prosecuted) and at reports of threats against and intimidation and punishment of the victims.
What is the penalty if an employer dismisses a pregnant employee, except in cases of summary dismissal or dismissal during a probation period of not more than 12 weeks?
Four out of ten workers said they were never thanked and eight out of ten said they would like more praise.
Funding for projects and programmes will be on a full adaptation cost basis to address the adverse effects of climate change.
Give me that piece , please, and a pound of mince , too .
52. The Operation continued to support the redeployment of justice officials throughout the country.
140s
Some delegations expressed the view that space objects with nuclear power sources on board could be used for limited purposes such as interplanetary space missions where conventional solar power might not provide sufficient power.
Due to another short week, illnesses, and a difficulty with the assignments, we are going to delay the Past Tense Exams for Monday.
The air is gas and the diamond is a solid.
23. It should be clearly understood that the outcome of the comprehensive review is not a foregone conclusion.
Facts as presented by the author
90. A Communication Unit has been established to provide access to information and would be the Judiciary's avenue of communicating to the public at large and it is also tasked with the responsibility of raising awareness about the Judiciary and what it offers to the public.
For further information, including applications forms, please consult the Web site of the Regional Course <www.un.org/law/rcil/>; or contact the Codification Division (e-mail rcil-africa@un.org).
Bolivia
Really? I hear he's shorter in person.
101. The provisions of Part X of UNCLOS are among the most important sources of international law governing the access of landlocked States to and from the sea and the freedom of transit.
In local areas, a system of subsidies for large medical expenses has been set up in accordance with actual conditions to settle medical expenses exceeding the maximum limit of the basic medical insurance payment, the funds for the subsidies being raised mainly from individuals or enterprises.
ATC code C
The nature of Article 6 activities carried out by Parties can easily be reported.
Upto the farmhouse to dinner through the teeming, dusty field, the road under oursneakers was only a two-track road.
The Ministers are committed to support and promote mechanisms enhancing intra/interregional trade among developing countries.
Oh. we are all sincerely gonna miss you.
Zhu Zuxiang
One conclusion to be drawn from that article was that, in order to allow equitable access to the geostationary orbit, the Radio Regulations must be observed.
My secretary is a rarely person of talent.
1 119a
Cervical cancer currently accounts for between 2.1 and 4.3 per cent of all deaths from cancer.
(Signed) V. Churkin
Since 2008, with the assistance of UNDP, Sri Lanka has worked on delivering on that pledge through a participatory process involving Government and civil society.
The little girl showed such great courage that even adults respected her.
The principal losses determining this difference are connected with the higher rate of deaths among men as a result of accidents, poisoning, injuries and diseases of the circulatory system.
(c) The development of respect for the child's parents, his or her own cultural identity, language and values, for the national values of the country in which the child is living, the country from which he or she may originate, and for civilizations different from his or her own;
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 98 (d).
Additionally, four meetings were held with Disabled People's Organisations Denmark, during which the Convention and ratification process were reviewed and discussed.
Nora: She sang a very melodious folk song  too , didn't she?
:: Awareness-raising and outreach to stakeholders to achieve partnership and compliance
The third part of the licensed right to use the legal nature of the positioning.
It is agreed that they enjoy making noises, and that during the first few months one or two noises sort themselves out as particularly indicative of delight, distress, sociability, and so on. But since these cannot be said to show the baby's intention to communicate, they can hardly be regarded as early forms of language.
Needless to say, from such a point of view any serious communicative interaction is doomed to fail from the outset.
At the same time, wage increases should also be consistent with stable and low inflation.
This provision entered into force on 1 September 2004. The purpose of the provision is to ensure better protection for girls who may be the victims of genital mutilation.
Mr. Javier Loayza Barea
The strengthened institutional capacities of the Political Parties Registration Commission, political parties and civil society associations should help political discourse and election processes evolve productively.
The report argued that regional integration could help African countries enhance productive capacities, improve competitiveness, realize economies of scale and integrate into the global economy;
The General Assembly process identified key areas in which improvements could be made.
III. Conclusions and recommendations
I usually create a title first, and then design the picture as the story in the title.
Saint-Georges-en-Auge
Human Rights Officer positions reassigned from the Human Rights Section as Civil Affairs Officer positions
To summarize, an effective competition agency is one that achieves its objectives by the appropriate use of resources.
The players played so badly in the second half that they lost the match.
A fall in the price of single commodity coffee over the last three years has forced 25 million people to fall below the poverty line. Children have been withdrawn from schools.
c Funded under general temporary assistance.
Belgium
Officers of the session
The Committee further stated that any additional requirements resulting from the change in arrangements would be reflected in the performance reports for the periods ending 30 June 1999 and 30 June 2000.
Its roots lie in fundamentalism; its target is modern civilization, democracy, pluralism and an individual's basic right to think and act independently.
Training activities common to HDI and HDI-E projects; operational research on key HDI-E issues (particularly useful for future programme formulation processes); information education and communication; monitoring and evaluation; and the organization and administration of the HDI-E management structure at the local and field levels fall under the HDIS project.
The historical awareness in this book has an important apocalypse meaning for the editorial works in the academic research.
(p) Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress.
She's got a good heart but she's calculating.
24. Control of export and import of (hazardous) wastes is provided for by the Domestic Law for the Basel Convention and the Waste Management Law.
Vrije Universiteit, Faculteit der Rechtsgeleerdheid, Amsterdam
Settlement of all international disputes by peaceful means, such as negotiation, conciliation, arbitration or judicial settlement as well as other peaceful means of the parties own choice, in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations.
The voting was as follows:
Also, it is the rate of output implementation, and in particular the conformity of actual output delivery with a legislatively mandated programme of work, that remains the aspect of programme performance assessment upon which the Assembly puts the greatest emphasis.
A/64/L.54 and Rev.1
56. In the early stages of its deployment, a United Nations peacekeeping operation will need to focus its efforts on the most urgent priorities and to provide some immediate dividends to the population in the areas of security, protection of civilians, human rights and justice, building on the progress made by MISCA and Operation Sangaris.
The development of a climate of trust between UNOCI and these two agencies would facilitate implementation of the impartial forces' sanctions monitoring mandate and would help reduce the level of mistrust and reluctance that some Ivorian stakeholders have displayed in the past.
With economic models straining in every corner of the world, none of us can afford to perpetuate the barriers facing women in the workforce.
Was that the plan all along?
10. The Counter-proliferation Implementation Committee, chaired by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, is the principal mechanism for coordinating and monitoring counter-proliferation activity across government departments.
In countries where HIV and AIDS has decimated the working age population, grandparents are left with no adult children to care for them in old age, and instead are providing caregiving to orphaned grandchildren and other dependent relatives.
Mission factors
During the biennium, UNV was active in global as well as country-level activities.
5.12 Recalling the Committee's jurisprudence, the author submits that the alleged remedy would have been futile, due to the absence of procedural guarantees for a fair and public hearing by a competent, independent and impartial tribunal.
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney while working?
:| Do not include salary requirements.I expect a salary commensurate with my experience and the job's demands
The Committee was informed that the automated standardized assessments had significantly reduced the quantity of applications requiring further manual assessment by the hiring manager for the job openings within the pilot sample.
They also participated in the preliminary investigation into the circumstances of the riot at the National Penitentiary and continued to provide advice to my Special Representative on human rights issues.
Chapter 16
Agenda item 100
the boy at the table, his voice was Latino. We figure he was illegal, afraid to stick around
Many of these technologies are now commercial, but the development of advanced and cleaner versions of some are still many years away from commercialization and needs to be accelerated.
As the focus of multidimensional data processing, multidimensional index always is a hot spot database research.
Article 22  The decision on the material assets reorganization by the general meeting of the shareholders of the listed company can only be made with at least 2/3 of the voting right of the shareholders participating in the meeting.
However, the Angolan Government is aware that it needs to exert more effort in order to allay donors' concerns and to reach understanding with the Bretton Woods institutions.
Requests the Executive Director to ensure that earmarked contributions to the United Nations Environment Programme, apart from those for which the United Nations Environment Programme merely acts as treasurer, are used to fund activities which are in line with the programme of work;
The twists and turns that Mr Ma has deemed necessary to appear acceptable to voters prove how deep-rooted this new identity now is.
As provided by OIOS
An initial selection of 32 candidate key performance indicators were drawn from this list during the EGTT meeting in October 2008.
- In 1990, the Special Investigations Division took up the case again, after the victim's body had been found.
I-70 showdown Series
UNCTAD is providing technical assistance for such negotiations.
ICHR reports that from December 2008 through February 2009, 60 complaints were received from Palestinians claiming that they were subjected to torture in PA detention, and that in February alone, four deaths in PA custody, apparently due to torture, were documented.
9. Her delegation supported the establishment of the open-ended intersessional group of "friends of the Chair" and believed that it should start work as soon as possible.
In Latin America, members are mostly working in rural areas and the slums which surround major cities.
Borders of Alabama
Success or failure pivoted on a single exam.
In 1995, the Beijing Platform for Action recognized that the number of women living in poverty had increased disproportionately to the number of men, particularly in developing countries and in countries with economies in transition.
Exposure of inside news within the City Pictorial: how City Pictorial comes into shape.
An estimated 60 percent of undernourished people are women and girls; 20 percent are children under 5.
Mrs. Delgado: With Hector
This way they do not have to send cash through the mail. They do not have to carry a lot of cash with them, for they can write a check instead.
They chose the area near Plymouth harbour as a site for their colony.
For the effective functioning of the United Nations system, it is important that the Organization and its agencies be able to delegate responsibilities and, in a timely fashion, provide the necessary resources where required in support of the efforts of regional organizations.
For some unknown reason, a disproportionate number of fathers over the age of fifty have a PhD. in BS.
Letter dated 15 June 2010 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
The FIFO method of determining inventory cost may be adopted by any business, regardless of whether or not the physical flow of merchandise actually corresponds to this assumption of selling the oldest units in stock.
During 2006 a further 32 million DKK were allocated.
They wandered about in the Caribbean for over a week yet before sighting land.
Firearms:
Specifically, the said capabilities include among others: Solar Activity Model and Atmospheric Global Circulation Model, Meteoroid Environment Model, measurement instruments (e.g. Meteor Wind Radar, MF Radar, Wind Profiling Radar, Bounder Layer Radar, optical telescopes) and a number of scientists who have experience in developing models.
Peacekeeping special account fund summaries: income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances (statement I), assets, liabilities and reserves and fund balances (statement II) and cash flow (statement III)
"11. Further calls upon the Government of Canada to ensure that the relevant human rights legislation is amended at federal, provincial and territorial levels and its legal system enhanced so that all victims of discrimination have full and effective access to a competent tribunal and to an effective remedy;
The message is clear.
The penal codes of Argentina, Croatia and Spain explicitly state that trafficking offences committed by public servants or State authorities are considered aggravated and may incur harsher sentences.
 Collective agreements might contain minimum wage provisions for certain categories of worker.
17. New Zealand joined the consensus decision in 1995 that the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons be extended indefinitely.
Nevertheless, there will be an acceleration in the growth of world trade, to the benefit of all countries.
(American Indian Ethnic Renewal: Red Power and the Resurgence of Identity and Culture), Oxford
To support the work of ICG, the Office for Outer Space Affairs, as the ICG executive secretariat, is focusing on promoting the use of GNSS technologies as tools for scientific applications, including the effects of space weather on GNSS, education and training on GNSS, and utilizing regional reference systems and reference frames.
15:00 to 18:00 Closed meeting Conference Room 10 (CB)
84. The Conference renewed its appeal to the international community to fully and expeditiously implement the Program of Action for 2001-2010 adopted by the Third UN Conference on Least Developed Countries held in Brussels in May 2001.
I always thought asking someone out meant automatic rejection.
83.94. We only accept the part of the recommendation that calls for stopping the imposition of death penalty to children. As explained paragraph 21. 83.109.
If there is one thing that upsets me, it's my forgetfulness.
E/C.2/1999/2/Add. 18-22
It was also important to pursue a dialogue between the representatives of States parties and the Chairpersons of treaty bodies, and his delegation supported the idea of devoting a whole day to such discussions.
142. The Special Committee stresses that the sustainability of security sector reform depends on national ownership and the sustained support of the international community, in particular bilateral donors.
30. The main documents of the Conference will be available in Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
"Well, my dear Bertuccio," said the count, "I now advise you to go in quest of the little estate I spoke to you of in Normandy.
3. Recognizes that further improvements in the financial and operational management of UNFPA, effective and evidence-based programming and resource allocation, and demonstrating and being held accountable for UNFPA programme outputs, are important in mobilizing funding, and encourages UNFPA to address challenges in these areas with timely and concrete actions;
The Suns have held the Rockets to fewer than 100 points in eight consecutive games.
The rights include:
You'll have to look out for yourself.
The Inform and Empower initiative aims to provide meaningful, easily accessible information to citizens and communities, service providers, and policy makers to enable them to develop home-grown solutions for providing better public services.
The table at door is in the way.
To reduce the generation of hazardous waste, both in quantity and toxicity, and to ensure the environmentally sound management of hazardous waste, including its storage, treatment and disposal;
If violations occur, the Committee urges the host country to ensure that such cases are properly investigated and remedied, in accordance with applicable law;
 Representatives from Afghanistan, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Kazakstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Uzbekistan and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) attended the talks as observers.
Turkmen leader orders ice palace President Niyazov of Turkmenistan h.
Geneva, 28 April - 10 May 2013
A separate report will be submitted to the sixty-first session of the Assembly on the implementation of resolution 59/276 (XI).
H. Impact on migrants
10. Decides to maintain, for the financial period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015, the funding mechanism for the support account used in the current period, from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014, as approved in paragraph 3 of its resolution 50/221 B;
In addition to liability of natural persons for the crime, the Organized Crime Convention requires the establishment of liability of legal persons.
Marius Kloppers, chief executive of rival miner BHP Billiton, which is in the middle of a hostile takeover battle for Rio, pointed to strong demand in the steel sector.
(iv) Reduction in the repetition rate for pupils in the preparatory education cycle
679.If I had had time, I would have called you.
(a) Strengthened programme-driven information and communications technology management and governance structures that better align information and communications technology activities to the needs of the Secretariat
148. NGOs generally face challenges including low institutional capacity for programming and implementation of interventions, limitations in leadership, inadequate skills and inexperienced staff, high staff turnover, to and lack of resources to sustain most of their activities.
Also in its resolution 2002/57, the Commission requested the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session a report containing an analysis of the information already provided in the reports of existing special procedures, human rights treaty monitoring bodies and the Working Group on Minorities on situations involving national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities, in particular with regard to conflict prevention.
Russian irredentism
The recent announcement by the Executive Director of WFP on strengthening the Programme's organizational capacity to deal with refugee issues is very welcome.
In it concluding observation on the Syrian Arab Republic, the Committee expressed concern about the persisting discrimination in the political, social and economic spheres of life against women, which is particularly reflected in, inter alia, unequal treatment insofar as personal property and social security laws are concerned, and strongly recommended that the State party take effective measures to incorporate gender equality in both legislation and in governmental policies and administrative programmes, with a view to ensuring equality of men and women and addressing such problems.
 Dependency on international cooperation varies considerably between the extremes represented by a small river basin in a dry climate region shared by many different countries, on the one hand, and a large river basin in a humid region enclosed in one single country, on the other.
When he was hired to star in a soft-drink commercial, the script called for him to miss a shot.
(d) The senior United Nations representative in the field and other relevant United Nations representatives;
Word of Park’s cronyism left many South Koreans feeling betrayed by a president who had vowed to lead differently.
The Ministers also stressed the value of the Moscow Declaration, the continuation of the negotiations with the mediation of the Co-Chairs on the basis of the "Madrid Recommendations".
c Direct activity costs include staff travel, conference costs, travel of participants, interpretation, consultancy fees and travel and any other costs directly associated with the activities.
Further postponement of a sustainable multidimensional response may well carry even greater human and financial costs.
Improving criminal justice responses to trafficking in persons in South-Eastern Europe with special focus on the Republic of Moldova
The letter included, in an annex, an explanatory memorandum setting out the reasons for the request, and also stated that the delegation of Costa Rica wished to participate in any meeting of the General Committee at which the request was discussed, in accordance with rule 43 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.
To do this, it is recommended to facilitate and promote access to ethnic, religious and political minorities to education, health care, justice, property and public positions (Holy See);
23. In accordance with the Conference mechanism, ILO will convene a tripartite meeting of experts in labour statistics in January 2013.
The Royal Decree, which brought into force the amendments defining terrorism to Section 135 of the Penal Code and the Anti-Money Laundering Act B.E. 2542 (1999), entered into force in August 2003.
The report, by highlighting weaknesses in conceptualization of assessment processes, is a useful basis for upgrading evaluation standards in the region.
In this passage the author's attitude toward ...could best be described as 4. What is the author's attitude toward 5.
In reply he said that, according to current practice, standard separation procedures applied across all organizations in the United Nations system for staff on fixed-term contracts, as defined in the framework developed by the Commission.
The substance of paragraphs 173-175 and 177 was adopted as drafted.
The results of such a model can be directly used to develop more appropriately targeted marketing campaigns .
Pre-school education, or kindergarten, is for young children beginning at the age of 2. This level consists of three years, after which the children enter the first year of what is known as the preparatory course (CP1).
I't understand you. Can you repeat it?
 While the data are still being analysed, early indications show the power of this capability to survey a relatively large area rapidly and to pinpoint particular sites for more detailed investigation.
5. UNICEF provided support to PMTCT activities in 97 countries in 2007, compared to 90 in 2005.
32. Mr. Bellenger (France) said that initially the views of States might be sought, in writing, regarding the scope of the study.
22. Having identified several data collectors and processors within the country, NECTEC can conduct its data collection in cooperation with other relevant agencies.
In that regard, he underlined that UNSMIL had documented cases of torture and deaths in detention since the end of the conflict.
Strong action by the international community was of the utmost importance in addressing those issues.
Noting with great concern the environmental disaster caused by the destruction by the Israeli Air Force on 15 July 2006 of the oil storage tanks in the direct vicinity of the Jiyeh electric power plant in Lebanon, resulting in an oil slick that covered the entirety of the Lebanese coastline, extended to the Syrian coastline and hindered efforts to achieve sustainable development, as already highlighted by the General Assembly in its resolutions 61/194, 62/188, 63/211, 64/195 and 65/147,
This support is intended to cover seminars and workshops on synergies as well as improving capacity thereby promoting more efficient use of resources (US$ 25,000 x 15 totalling US$ 375,000);
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's marathon 10 kilometre
This inflammation stopped a few days later but then recurred after four weeks.
The key priorities are to be ultimately agreed with the Managing Director.
and United StatesSee Griffin v. Illinois (100 L Ed 891 [1985]), p. 899.
43. Central and Eastern European countries listed 14 systems and 40 web links.
414. The Committee takes note of the efforts of the State party to provide additional computers for schools in all regions of the country and expand access to Internet.
Sometimes the day comes When you see that some people ditch others Because of their selfishness.
53. Draft resolution A/C.2/62/L.26 was withdrawn.
The simulated body fluid test indicated that the bioactivity of the duplex ceramic decreases with the bioglass content.
12 E
Resolution 45/140, Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, 14 December 1990.
The organization's contribution to the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund consists of its mandated contribution at the rate established by the General Assembly, currently 7.9 per cent for the participant and 15.8 per cent for the organizations, of the applicable pensionable remuneration, together with its share of any actuarial deficiency payments under article 26 of the Regulations of the Pension Fund.
(c) Freedom of expression;
The State party should abide by its commitment to provide for an effective judicial remedy with automatic suspensive effect of the deportation of asylum seekers and other undocumented immigrants, through a court that satisfies the requirements of due process with competence to look into the merits of appeals.
Record the removing percentage of the filling material the operating time and the reasons of failed cases.
to United Nations funds
A short project cycle with a relatively simple application process could facilitate the delivery of activities under such a programme.
62. During the ensuing interactive dialogue at the same meeting, the following made statements and asked the Special Rapporteur questions:
Noting that it was not always practicable for States to grant requests for visits quickly, he said that his country would be receiving visits from the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (whose mandate overlapped, in some respects, with that of the Special Rapporteur on torture) in December 2004, the High Commissioner for Human Rights in February 2005 and the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance in June 2005.
Several States Parties took the initiative to organize events to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the adoption and signing of the Convention:
Security Council Web site of the presidency
This contribution resulted in a regional strategy for agricultural, macroeconomic, labour, civil registration and vital statistics.
While the glass lamp rebukes the earthen for calling it cousin the moon rises, and the glass lamp, with a bland smile, calls her,---My dear, dear sister
Rather, they still have to be paid in dollars, mostly, or some other currency.
The Police Department has been instrumental in supporting the efforts of the Gender Affairs Division in its programmes to combat Domestic Violence.
m not a 100% sure if I will be free at the weekend.
The General Assembly,
(c) Ratify the European Convention on the Legal Status of Children Born out of Wedlock.
Table 5
We have added a new tool to international efforts aimed at combating crime in all its forms.
The parliament, controlled by parties loyal to Mr. Putin, is widely expected to approve the president's nominee, whose name did not make any of the analysts' lists of potential picks.
Many of these policies and programmes are also aimed at enhancing women's role in development, including through strengthening women's participation in decision-making.
Government countermeasures against rising prices.
With the view of globalization, Chery shall actively carry out international cooperation in an innovative mode.
Instead of a painful, arduous experience, they want applicants to get some fun out of the process.
Dad   I'm doing this because I love you fuck you.
Estimate 2004-2005: 6 countries
Checks if a String is not empty and not null.
Thirty-seven-year-old Chris Munce won Australia's 1998 Melbourne Cup.
Abstract Objective To study the pathogenesis of trigeminal neuralgia ( TN ) under vessel compression.
The Belgians know how to run things.
For example, the Committee was informed that of the 279 UNMIBH staff trained during the period ended 30 June 2002, only one staff member was trained in procurement activities.
(e) To mainstream the right to development in the policies and operational activities of the United Nations and the specialized agencies, funds and programmes, as well as in the policies and strategies of the international financial and multilateral trading systems, bearing in mind in this regard that the core principles of the international economic, commercial and financial spheres, such as equity, non-discrimination, transparency, accountability, participation and international cooperation, including effective partnerships for development, are indispensable in achieving the right to development and preventing discriminatory treatment arising from political or other non-economic considerations in addressing the issues of concern to the developing countries;
He took it and when she wasnt looking, he left his phone number on thedesk and ran out... RRRRRING!!!
[Option 2: delete and replace by:
15. It can be difficult in post-conflict environments, particularly where conflicts and high unemployment have prevailed for many years, for candidates to meet the standard requirement for the number of years of professional experience needed for National Professional Officer positions.
ISDR and UNEP are also developing online databases to identify selected good practices by Governments.
While recognising the financial and technical challenges for some possessors, they called upon those States Parties in a position to do so, and where requested, to assist such possessor States in the achievement of the ultimate goal of the Convention - the total elimination of chemical weapons.
The shock protective layer (SPL) can be stuck to the outer hull of the ship.
The Ministry was preceded by the Presidential Commission on Women's Affairs, which was a small administrative organ with limited authority.
Such training was provided for a total of 12,870 women during the year.
 This process is under way in Europe.
Air transportation
Susan Makuta
Contracts
The OFC has also established the Sector Regulators Council for the clustering of sectors and case investigation.
 Based on the information garnered by them from this process, CIVPOL has concluded that prima facie there is adequate material to support the plausibility of the allegations raised.
Development activities
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/59/L.61/Rev.1
Jake Guzik
World Trade Organization
Using the hub in this way enables any spoke node to access any destination in the entire network.
It's pretty but not endurable.
The second phase will concentrate on rolling out enterprise management to field offices.
IWI Tavor X95
9. Reiterates once again its serious concern about the security situation in Afghanistan, stresses the need to continue to address the threat to the security and stability of Afghanistan caused by the ongoing violent and terrorist activity by the Taliban, AlQaida and other violent and extremist groups and other illegal armed groups and criminals, including those involved in the narcotics trade, and reiterates in this regard its call for the full implementation of measures and the application of procedures introduced in relevant Security Council resolutions, in particular resolutions 1267 (1999), 1988 (2011) and 1989 (2011);
Ecuador
In mid-January 1994, the first organized repatriation of 208 refugees took place from South Africa, a cooperative effort of the South African authorities, UNHCR and the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
Mrs Hughes, I'd like you to meet my friend Dr. Peter Brown.
The present article shall not apply to acts carried out in a struggle directed against an occupying or colonizing State for the purpose of achieving independence and the right of self-determination.
In application of these measures, the customs authorities, inter alia, inspected goods on a vessel belonging to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea which docked at Mayotte on 13 November 2006.
Programme support costs (such as furniture and equipment, supplies, and communications) have been grouped under the financial management and administration subprogramme (see section IV.B.6. below) of the RPC programme, rather than being distributed by programme.
In other words, does the competence of the organ of the organization to decide on whether to accept such a reservation preclude individual reactions by other members of the organization?
Local rules shall be promulgated by way of an order signed by the provincial governor, the chairman of the autonomous region, or the mayor of the city.
The net decrease of $400,000 is the result of: (a) reduced requirements for overtime ($244,000), no provisions under consultants ($125,000); and a one-time provision from unforeseen and extraordinary expenses under the terms of General Assembly resolution 64/246 for the activities carried out by the Special Envoy to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea ($65,200); partially offset by (b) the new provision for business continuity management ($33,600).
We believe that the MDGs should be an integral part of our comprehensive, long-term development strategy.
The European Union wants the Review Conference to achieve tangible results through a legally binding instrument on such mines which strikes a balance between humanitarian concerns and military considerations and which strengthens international humanitarian law.
The initial checks consist of:
The Ministry of Education has issued more than 200 administrative rules and regulations.
7. Next periodic report
Pasta (6.757), Strawberry runners (Ontario) (6.129)
He proposed that certain issues be addressed by developing countries in the current round of trade negotiations, specifically:
Humans'creativity should embody in the natural protection not the natural destruction.
) 26. By the middle of the twentieth century, painters and sculptors in the United States had begun to exert a great worldwide influence over art.27.
We are also working towards some new objectives: the creation of preschool centres; improved primary and secondary education; equal opportunity for the participation and development of children and minors, in particular of girls; and the prevention of and fight against HIV/AIDS.
In 1990, totals exclude countries in Central and Eastern Europe for which data are not available.
(Signed) Rafael Rivas Posada
On the question of possible subtopics for consideration under the item on the rule of law, he said that it required careful forethought.
OpenCourseWare
Republic of Korea
' She rated the stock a 'buy,' with a 12-month target of HK$5.
The decrease in estimated resources results from the fact that UNMIBH is expected to complete its core mandate by 31 December 2002 (see S/2001/1132 and Corr.1, para. 36), hence the provision for the maintenance of the Mission from 1 July to 31 December 2002 ($56,873,300) and for its successive liquidation from 1 January 2003 to 30 June 2003 ($21,740,600).
References for the fifty-eighth session (agenda item 146)
To change the access rules of only certain child files or folders, you must break your operation into several different calls.
Statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, Norway, Japan (who introduced draft resolution A/C.1/68/L.4, entitled "The Arms Trade Treaty"), Greece, Lesotho, Cuba, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Colombia, Algeria, Thailand, Ireland, Slovenia (who introduced draft resolution A/C.1/68/L.3, entitled " Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their destruction"), Switzerland, Lithuania, Spain, Iraq, the United States, Pakistan, Finland, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Paraguay, Croatia, Israel and China.
" In a few recent cases, socially withdrawn young men have committed shocking crimes, including a 27-year-old who kidnapped a 9-year-old girl in 1990 and kept her in his room for nine years.
Welcoming the decision of the General Assembly to declare 26 June International Day in Support of Victims of Torture,
Notes
The best paying but worst-case scenario for Burmese women is prostitution.
(c) Observers for non-governmental organizations: Friends World Committee for Consultation (also on behalf of the International Catholic Child Bureau and SOS Kinderdorf International), Union of Arab Jurists (also on behalf of Nord-Sud XXI).
African Union
:: State Border Service (SBS)
They've had more than 110,000 visitors to their maze, not including their current season.
In Europe, about 90 per cent of the cement production is from dry process kilns, a further 7.5 per cent of production is accounted for by semi-dry and semi-wet process kilns, with the remainder of European production, about 2.5 per cent, coming from wet process kilns (EIPPCB, 2010).
5. Urges all States, relevant United Nations bodies and other interested parties to cooperate fully with the Committee and with the Panel of Experts, in particular by supplying any information at their disposal on the implementation of the measures imposed by resolutions 1718 (2006) and 1874 (2009);
8.3 The State party adds that although the author himself does not presently object against the exhumation of his wife's body, he must be aware that Mrs. Amirova's relatives do object against it, as being contrary to the Muslim customs.
A study done in conjunction with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) showed that nearly 3,000 illegal abortions were performed every year.
Carduoideae
Most do violence to their natural aptitude and thus attain superiority in nothing.
Hongkong Post to participate in Olympic Games stamps exhibition
18. Requests UNDP to take into account and fully integrate the findings and recommendations of the evaluation report in the new strategic plan, 2014-2017, and the future global programme, with due regard to issues raised in the report, including the need for: (a) a more clearly defined value added of the global programme to the regional and country programmes of UNDP; (b) a more systematic knowledge-sharing approach; (c) better integration of gender equality in all thematic areas and adequate allocation of resources for gender equality in programme planning and implementation; and (d) clearer lines of accountability for more effective coordination between policy and regional bureaux;
A. To the Government of Burundi
“The General Assembly,
It was noted that civil society had a key role to play in prevention of trafficking and in assistance to victims.
Class. You can manage and individually manipulate members of the table layout panel through the.
The crew were rescued at the eleventh hour.
FCCC/KP/AWG/2011/L.3 and Add.1 - 6
They further noted that, as staff gradually increased and ceased to be concentrated in New York, problems of daily management were likely to increase and would be a full-time occupation for an administrative officer.
I could understand the poets, students, dissidents, and allegedly disaffected government officials.
The 2009 arbitration award is clear.
In five 50gallon samples gathered in February he said his team had found 1 million distinct genes quite a haul compared with the 26 000 or so of a human being.
90. The situation in the camps, forced evictions and the absence of durable solutions remain issues of significant concern, notwithstanding the initiatives taken by the Government, with the support of the international community.
15. It should be noted that, over the years, the ratio of core and non-core resources available to UNDP has shifted dramatically.
34. Commends the Director General of the IAEA for his 21 October 2009 proposal of a draft Agreement between the IAEA and the Governments of the Republic of France, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Russian Federation for Assistance in Securing Nuclear Fuel for a Research Reactor in Iran for the Supply of Nuclear Fuel to the Tehran Research Reactor, regrets that Iran has not responded constructively to the 21 October 2009 proposal, and encourages the IAEA to continue exploring such measures to build confidence consistent with and in furtherance of the Council's resolutions;
Introductory Session 3.00 p.m.
In this connection, and bearing in mind consideration (a) in paragraph 10 above, arrangements will need to be agreed to enable Turkish Cypriots to travel overseas unhindered, direct from Nicosia.
The strengthening of the dollar means luxury-goods companies are earning more than they had budgeted on every handbag or piece of clothing sold in dollars.Luxury-goods executives must walk a fine line when cutting prices.
The data and models allow monitoring of climate change and the environment.
The U.S. National Central Bureau (USNCB) of the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) transmits information on criminal justice, humanitarian, or other law enforcement matters between National Central Bureaus of INTERPOL member countries, and law enforcement agencies of the United States.
The risk assessment concluded that human exposure to chrysotile is associated with an excess risk of asbestosis, lung cancer and mesothelioma. Criteria used
In addition, Tibetan Buddhism has provided widespread doctrine on the tea-horse ancient road, further promoting economic dialogue, cultural exchanges, along with unity and friendship between the nationalities of Naxi, Bai, Tibetan and other ethnic groups
(iii) Multi-year exemptions for methyl bromide use
Another suggestion was that the terminology should clarify that, depending on the context, the grantor (or the secured creditor) was either the actual grantor (or the actual secured creditor) or the grantor (or the secured creditor) identified or to be identified in the notice as the grantor (or the secured creditor).
33. Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba (D.33).
Marx took English as a useful tool in the struggle of life.
Aristotle thinks that it a good question and that he knows the answer.
In order to reduce security risks and should maintain the original architectural design of the bathroom and entrance.
The Special Rapporteur has also repeatedly expressed concern to the Government of Myanmar about the abuse of due process in political trials and the denial of basic rights in detention.
Data conversion and systems integration
It did not, however, indicate any particular way in which this should take place.
63. With the recent emphasis on learning and the corollary interest in large-scale assessments of learning outcomes, the fact that current large-scale evaluations only measure a limited range of cognitive skills may be overlooked.
Croatia will increase the number of women in management positions in education.
No, it's not hers.
He said the policeman was injured, and two people were injured by gunshots.
Rosalind Franklin had investigated the shape of D - N - A molecules.
No matter when he comes please let me know.
(a) Spare parts, supplies and maintenance
21. The Government of Southern Sudan continued to reorganize its institutions and strengthen its capacity.
Captain: If nautical nonsence be something you wish.
If so, nothing can happen in the great Circuit of his Works, either without his Knowledge or Appointment.
:: Preparation of the 11,000 voting sites, including transportation of the sensitive and non-sensitive electoral cargo to the sites
Countries in which the rainforests are located are mostly poor and overpopulated.
Agencies noted that the legislative bodies of an organization had the prerogative to request submission of these types of report, which were limited in substance to systemic matters and work statistics.
September (5 days)i
Both denied any knowledge of rebel movement activity on their territories.
1. At any time after the receipt of a communication and before a determination on the merits has been reached, the Committee may transmit to the State Party concerned for its urgent consideration a request that the State Party take such interim measures as may be necessary in exceptional circumstances to avoid possible irreparable damage to the victim or victims of the alleged violations.
42.6% of the net, free-at-Community-frontier price before duty (except for four companies with individual duty rates ranging from 7.3% to 40.5%).
My main concern is to protect the children.
C. Correspondence regarding mercenary activities against Cuba 21 — 23 9
The present document has been prepared to provide a succinct background briefing for ministers on the topic of theme III of the ministerial consultations to take place at the eleventh special session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum: "Environment in the multilateral system: biodiversity and ecosystem services". It is intended to stimulate discussion during the ministerial consultations.
52. The Chairperson invited members to ask follow-up questions on the articles discussed.
45. The international community also has the responsibility to seek agreement on the equal importance of peace and justice in trying to meet the needs of the people of Darfur.
I believe that the answer is no.
: Herewith we enclose a cheque, value $50,000, which please place to the credit of Mr. K.Kondo, and acknowledge receipt to us in duplicate.
Women's desire for training in skills for economic independence has seen the Luganville Municipal Council support small scale enterprises such as cooking and business courses which are offered by a variety of organizations including the Vanuatu Chamber of Commerce and Industries.
(i) Promote a different organization of global production, based on a fair share of the supply of natural resources, not on the demands of affluent consumers;
First we read the Chinese parts and then try to interpret them into English and then compare our interpretation with the original versions in the novels or books so that we can find out the mistakes, shortcomings and progresses in our interpretation.
(II) Exercise daily fire prevention patrol and set up patrol record
Philanthropic Foundation
 Although we agree with the general intent and most of the provisions of the Convention, we were unable to sign it owing to these serious shortcomings.
Regrettably, the request made by the representative of Poland could not be accommodated.
A guy who wants to destroy the Company as much as you do.
Issues increasingly addressed in RTAs - investment, competition, labour and environment - might be proposed for introduction in the multilateral trading system.
At the initial stage, FDI was promoted by the Board of Investment (BOI) through a variety of incentives such as applying low tariffs to electronics imports for producing and exporting purposes, eliminating foreign ownership controls, and providing essential infrastructure in combination with a low-cost skilled labour force.
Kuwait extends its heartfelt condolences to the Government and people of the brotherly Republic of Yemen, for the scores of people who were killed and injured, the thousands who were displaced, as well as all the infrastructure damage owing to the heavy rains and floods that recently affected the eastern parts of the country.
Mr Green accepts that capitalism, while an unparalleled generator of wealth and spreader of prosperity, is also cruel.
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick
Serviced First Day Cover with Stamps - Windsor Postmark (BR25)
With investment banks Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley taking steps to become commercial banks, they are expected to become more conservative in key businesses that have set them apart, including lending chunks of cash and securities to hedge funds and making their own risky trades using borrowed money.
But the same or a similar approach could be taken in many countries today, from Angola to Zimbabwe.
The SBI invited the Bureau of COP 7, in collaboration with the secretariat and the Government of India, to give further consideration to the details and format, including themes for the round-table discussions, of the high-level segment of COP 8.
87.7 degrees
83. Fifty-eight education-related incidents affecting 11,935 children were reported in the West Bank, resulting in damage to school facilities, interruption of classes and injury to children.
8. Invites the mechanisms of the Commission and the treaty bodies, in particular the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, to continue to pay particular attention to violations of human rights stemming from the rise of racism and xenophobia in political circles and society at large, especially as regards their incompatibility with democracy;
The Japanese Fair Trade Commission investigated the case and found that such action constituted an unfair business practice and accordingly ordered Old Parr to discontinue its practice.
Here, take one of my cards
Item 1
Therefore, to train the Visual thinking of student must use the performance of some subjects.
The third unit in the Division -- the Disarmament and Decolonization Organs Servicing Branch -- is included in statistical tables for comparison purposes.
Enhanced national capacity to prevent drug abuse
John dropped two lumps of sugar into his coffee.
While our situation appears to be grim, it is certainly not hopeless.
By means of water supply & drainage design of supermarkets such as Walmart Supercenter and East Home Building Material Superstore, some cautionary points in design are summarized in this article.
LH:  LL: Yeah, and the price of lumber in the northwest went up, and people blamed the tree huggers for lost jobs in the lumber industry.
(Percentage)
Click here to view instructions of download and installation of CA certificates
Its message, in a nutshell, is simple: our culture, our civilization, is better than yours.
Over the period 2010 - 2013, UNEP aimed to ensure that environmental governance at the country, regional and global levels was strengthened, in line with agreed environmental priorities, with a planned budget of $166 million.
Mr. Carl C. Pedersen
(a) Decided to extend the mandate of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Haiti until the substantive session of the Economic and Social Council in July 2009, with the purpose of following closely and providing advice on Haiti's long-term development strategy to promote socio-economic recovery and stability, with particular attention to the need to ensure coherence and sustainability in international support for Haiti, based on the long-term national development priorities and building upon the Interim Cooperation Framework and the growth and poverty reduction strategy paper, and stressing the need to avoid overlap and duplication with respect to existing mechanisms;
(UNICEF, WHO, UNAIDS)
Analog trunk, the line-Number One-the distinction?
Proposals made at the Geneva international discussions included the need to promote return.
3. Urges all Member States to take and strengthen national measures, as appropriate, to prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction, their means of delivery and materials and technologies related to their manufacture;
Elementary education received the highest priority with more than half (2.02 per cent) the investment being at this level.
Since 2006 FP has contributed to the creation of commercially viable partnerships between companies and other business organisations and institutions in Finland and in the developing countries in order to enhance economic growth and reduce poverty.
There are increasing reports of the vulnerability of women widowed as a result of AIDS who are deprived of land, livestock and other assets by their husbands' families (Strickland, 2004).
Reinforced measures to prevent grave human rights violations are necessary at the international and national levels.
Beijing has been walking a tightrope between fighting inflation and supporting small businesses that were most hurt by its tightening spree since last year.
16. Illicit international activities which might involve the responsibility of States visàvis other States or the international community were State crimes.
Fourthly, it instructed the Secretary-General of OAS to urgently attend the meeting of the Central American Integration System that was to take place in Managua, Nicaragua, and in accordance with article 20 of the Inter-American Democratic Charter, to carry out all necessary consultations with the member States of the Organization.
Cenepa River
Note by the secretariat
Controllable Preparation and Property Study of Ordered CdS Nanostructure
So remember to ask yourself the next time you repeat a story about somebody: Is it true?
4. The Government of Romania defrayed the costs of boarding and lodging of nine participants from eastern European countries, as well as all other local costs associated with the organization of the Preparatory Conference.
Chinese in the United States remained mostly concentrated in Chinatowns along the West Coast.
Logistical support and coordination was provided in support of the visit of the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General to the region in March 2010 in Tindouf
The machine's atend points into the direction of the oncoming waves.
- On the ILO Special List of NGOs since 1996, Nord-Sud XXI has participated in the annual meetings of the International Labour Conference.
1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
24. A staff member attempted to steal property on United Nations premises.
(a) Domestic legislation across the whole of the country, including in southern Sudan, is not in full conformity with the Convention;
It was observed that in many countries most basic documents relevant to the action programmes already exist.
1. Not capable of balancing rotors/assemblies having a mass greater than 3 kg;
While moving, the hexed target cannot attack or cast spells.
Decision 17/CP.7 and the annex containing the CDM modalities and procedures
2. Protection for humanitarian assistance to refugees and others in conflict situations
The Army has issued Army Regulation 27-53, Review of Legality of Weapons under International Law.
The disease also exacerbates the poverty of poor countries and communities, through its significant effects on long-term economic growth and development.
Excessive life dream equates to many who become upper middle class and amass a certain level of fortune over the course of the life.
The following income from business operations of an enterprise may be determined by stages and used as the basis for the computation of taxable income
Establishment of the International Criminal Court: report of the Sixth Committee (A/55/612) [162]
What the fifth chapter talks about is summarizing the whole thesis and putting forward the problems at hand.
The Acting President: The Assembly will now hear an address by the Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The resolution was contrary to the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations as it delved into matters that were essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of a sovereign country.
The estimate for information technology services includes the engagement of 60 internationally contracted personnel throughout the year to assist the mission in the rapid establishment of Lotus Notes, LAN networks, information technology help desks and systems development, estimated at an average cost of $5,520 per person per month, taking a 30 per cent delayed deployment factor; centralized information technology services estimated at $240 per computer per year for projected holdings of 7,716 desktop and laptop computers; centralized data storage, retrieval and maintenance support, estimated at $85 per year account for 11,500 e-mail accounts; and the purchase of a geographic information system (GIS) digital vector map development system and high-, medium- and low-definition satellite imagery to support the mission's military and police patrol and support activities.
57. A summary of the proposals of the Secretary-General for regular budget posts by part of the programme budget is contained in annex I below.
The Ministry's brochure entitled "Girls and boys on an equal footing, from school to higher education", published annually since 2007, provides updated gender-disaggregated statistics on school careers and the relevant stakes and issues.
:: 6 sensitization programmes conducted on the inclusive national dialogue and reconciliation processes, including 2 radio programmes on women's participation in national politics and peacebuilding, 2 debates and 4 training workshops for civil society organizations in 9 regions on communications strategies and respect for international human rights standards, and 1 preparatory conference for women delegates for the national dialogue
Now you think that over and let me know.Lester sighed.
The property and other assets of the Corporation, wherever situated, shall be immune from expropriation, search, requisition, confiscation, seizure, attachment, distraint, withholding or any other form of forcible takeover which may interfere with the control of the entity over the said property as a result of executive or administrative actions by any of the Contracting States.
50. This follow-up and coordination committee will have the following composition:
S/RES/1502(2003), OP1, 3, 4, 5(a-c), 6
31. The Committee considered this question at its 24th meeting, on 16 December.
See his figure was already cannot possess, I hadn't thought of despair see him go.
8 Gregersen et al. on "Forest Governance in Federal Systems: An Overview of Experiences and Lessons."
Former NDC officers even claimed that Bindu had advised Sheka to refuse the peace deal offered by the Government.
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES:Pain intensity before and after treatment, pain remission degree, all side effects and their severity.
The communities particularly the Kosovo Serb community continue to suffer disproportionately from major crimes and ethnically motivated acts of intimidation.
Council member ministerial-level participation included the Minister for Foreign Affairs and Cooperation of Rwanda, Louise Mushikiwabo, the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Luxembourg, Jean Asselborn, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Guatemala, Fernando Carrera, the Deputy Minister for Development of France, Pascal Canfin, and the Senior Adviser to the President of Togo for diplomatic matters and cooperation, Kofi Esaw.
In January 2011 alone, 12,122 persons are reported to have been displaced as a result of conflict.
"XII. Public meetings
Hence it is more and more important to use the natural dyes instead of the synthesized dyes, and that would become a trend in the future.
Rail transport in Slovakia
The entironment is great threatened with sandy desertification in agriculture and husbandry interlace zone of northwest China.
The theory of liquid metal die forging is the understanding of the process which combines solidification under high pressure with forced feeding by plastic deformation.
Ten ministers allied with President Yusuf resigned in protest and supporters of the president in parliament have threatened to pass a vote of no-confidence in the prime minister
V. Adoption of the draft report and closure of the meeting
Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime [General Assembly resolution 55/25]h
GYLA added that the resettlement process should be carried out in accordance with standards for adequate living conditions
Partnership in the area of trade capacity should be strengthened to remove the supply-side constraints that have stifled the recent market-access initiatives provided to some African countries.
Foundation assets have grown steadily each year since 1978 and now total 50 million Swiss Francs.
Prior to the judicial review proceedings, no reasons were given for the authors' exclusion.
I"m an honest man
Roddick was equivocal, but admitted that he had been tinkering with that part of his game.
Communications to the Editor
They include such universal challenges as promoting integral human development, equity and participation, and sustainable use of natural resources and the environment.
The Kosovo Department of Labour and Employment registered some 260,848 unemployed persons in Kosovo as of January 2003. Of this total, 19,941 (about 7 per cent) were from minority communities.
The Committee emphasized that international commitments regarding human rights and sustainable development should be considered in the light of their important points of convergence and the legally binding nature of human rights obligations.
For the first time, that study had been made available in an easy-to-read format that was accessible to persons with intellectual disabilities.
Algeria, Armenia, Bangladesh, Belarus, China, Cuba, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Egypt, Ethiopia, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mauritania, Morocco, Myanmar, Pakistan, Qatar, Russian Federation, South Africa, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Zimbabwe
Reports to forums such as the UNEP Governing Council, the Commission on Sustainable Development and the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Ocean Affairs on the implementation of GPA.
Bank accounts of the Court are to be opened and operated in accordance with the following guidelines:
3. Each State Party may adopt such measures as it considers necessary to establish also as offences under its domestic law all or some of the acts referred to in paragraph 1 of this article, in any or all of the following cases where the offender:
In addition, through the analyzing the present situation of English writing, the problems of English writing teaching and the causes are clarified;
Now (that) we are alone, we can speak freely.
Among other things, the Final Document (a) states that the 1995 resolution on the Middle East remains valid until the goals and objectives are achieved; (b) welcomes the accession of all Arab States to the Treaty; (c) calls for Israel to accede to the Treaty and place all its nuclear facilities under the comprehensive safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
E. Ndayambaje
We can now invest in further work to refine and ultimately to expand genetic treatment approaches.
The Ministry of Labour has taken key steps regarding human trafficking by intensifying supervision of employment companies and conducting periodic inspections.
However, funding would need to increase further if the Agency were to meet its objective of raising the full amounts of $59.3 million and $65 million budgeted for 2000 and 2001, respectively.
Job placement has exited the stage of the history. Monetary resettlement has become the main method in the resettlement process.
The Committee refers the State party to the statement adopted by the Committee on 4 May 2001 on poverty and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (E/C.12/2001/10).
Andersen Island
62. With respect to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the only way to prevent a repetition of the killings that had taken place in Bas-Congo following the elections was to address impunity.
38. It was so decided.
1996-018A
Besides the results of the examinations always bring about the worry and anxiety of the students.
In agreement, with the exception of 9 (a) and (b), as no basis for reimbursement was advanced by the Phase V Working Group on these factors.
The Five鈥檚 transformation into the SCO happened at a summit in Shanghai on 15 June 2001 when the heads of six countries signed the Declaration on SCO establishment and the Shanghai Convention on combating terrorism, separatism and extremism.
According to the theory of literary intersubjectivity, literature is regarded as a existential way between subjects.
Selected anniversaries/December
He also won a silver medal in free pistol two days ago.
It provides service on labels and processing of precise die-cutting components.
February 2013
Mercury may be one of the facto rs in creating autism, but saying it is only mercury is way too simplistic.
The problem they face now is how to adjust that language for clients that include authoritarian governments and multinational corporations.
Listen!
Against the above background, the roles of the seven HEIs, as currently seen by the UGC in broad terms, are described in sub-paragraph (a)-(g) below. This description which is intended to be illustrative, rather than exhaustive, serves as the basis for the Committee's assessment of academic plans and cost estimates from the institutions.
The present report is structured as follows: following the introduction, section II presents a review of oversight activities completed in 2009; section III provides an overview of the risk universe of UNFPA and of its dynamics; section IV highlights significant oversight issues in view of the challenges mentioned above.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the text of a statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia on the intention of the Abkhaz separatist authorities to hold the so-called presidential elections in the fall of 1999 in Abkhazia, Georgia (see annex).
Under the Act, the Personal Information Protection Commission was created under the President.
They moved from the east, bypassing main towns, including Abéché, until they clashed with FANT troops at Massaguet, 50 km north-east of N'Djamena.
4. The Commission had before it the following documents and communications:
The Economic and Social Council, normally through CPC, as stipulated in rule 107.4 (f) of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning. Table 3
(h) The Convention of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, on 27 August 2009.
It has been observed that an increasing number of cases per year might be an increase in reporting, and not necessarily an increase in the number of incidences.
In recent years, the issue of transparency in armaments has attracted a great deal of attention in all countries.
Objective To evaluate diagnostic value of anti DNase B microtitration in group A streptococcal ( GAS ) infection.
We think it imperative that a treaty of this kind should encompass stockpiles of fissile material.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 50 per cent of department heads are women; in addition, two higher-ranking officials (the Minister for Foreign Affairs and the Director-General of Protocol) are women.
To the nicest person I've ever known. Have a truly wonderful Valentine's Day. You deserve it.
Internationally, the laboratories and Canada, some European countries have also established a well-known research institutions have a stable relationship.
Minister Jean Ping of Gabon deserves special recognition for the competent and dedicated manner in which he presided over the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
4.1 In a submission dated 16 March 1998, the State party transmitted its observations on the merits of the case.
The objectives of the project are announced through information material and meetings.
85. The increasing cases of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and HIV/AIDS also reflect on the poor health status of women.
UNMIS and UNAMID air assets are also shared, and aviation and movement control mission elements enjoy substantial coordination and collocation of staff.
(v) Increased number of implemented recommendations incorporated into General Assembly resolutions on Africa's development through the New Partnership for Africa's Development
UNCTAD (2011a).
Love for the sake of loving is angelic.
92. The Committee recommends that the State party adopt a comprehensive legal framework for children engaged in the workforce which is in compliance with article 32 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child as well as the Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 (No. 182).
(b) Encouraging and promoting youthled organizations and the important role they play in supporting young people's civic engagement, capacitybuilding and providing nonformal education through financial and technical support and promotion of their activities;
229. Following the outbreak of an internal armed conflict in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia in 2001 between the security forces of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and organized Albanian rebel groups, and in the light of allegations that war crimes were committed by both sides, the Prosecutor decided to exercise her mandated right to investigate such allegations.
Thanks to this Aficio Digital system.
From hurricanes to tsunamis, from floods to droughts, we have come to realize that natural disasters know no boundaries and do not differentiate between developed and developing countries.
13. The Chairperson said that the Committee had engaged in a constructive dialogue with eight States parties, four of them reporting for the first time.
To some extent, the inflationary pressures reflect a resumption in growth.
123. The Committee is deeply concerned at severe violations of the rights to freedom of movement and to choose one's residence in the context of the State party's regroupment policy.
In the past, producers of child sexual abuse material had to use expensive film and copying equipment and then ship physical copies on videotape or CD-ROM.
Other governance institutions such as the Human Rights Commission, the Law Commission, the Office of the Ombudsman and non-state actors from civil society and international organizations have also taken an active role in implementing gender issues across society.
Tourism in the Netherlands
(a) Quadrennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system;
Thirteenth session
Article 26 A company, where it changes its domicile, should apply for registration of change before it moves to the new domicile and submit the certificate of using the new domicile.
Recently, the Government has constituted a high-level commission to present a report on all existing discriminatory laws against women.
He felt the job was not tiring, but boring.
He considered that the Security Council should be able to refer situations to the Court, as provided for in article 6 (b).
Moreover, if the two parties agree, the treaty can be extended.
48. No agreements were reached between the Parti du peuple pour la reconstruction et la démocratie (PPRD), the UDPS and the Parti lumumbiste unifié (PALU) on the question of appointing some of their leaders to high-ranking posts in the Administration.
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.37).
The number of persons infected with HIV in the same period is estimated at 1,125.
Harmonization and simplification
Question of Western Sahara
This would include an economy-wide analysis of labour requirements sectorally, both domestic and foreign, and in the short to medium term in order to determine the best policy mix with respect to migration.
JUDE 1:12 These men are blemishes at your love feasts, eating with you without the slightest qualm—shepherds who feed only themselves.
Let’s all wish the best for the 2008 Olympic games in Beijing.
UNFPA integrated budget estimates, 2014-2017 (DP/FPA/2013/14)
According to article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant, each State party is required to submit within one year of its entry into force an initial report to the Human Rights Committee and such subsequent reports as may be requested by the Committee.
Check out the video below for footage of the flying run, but don't expect the record - if it's verified - to stand for long.
(c) Commission on Human Rights;
Lawyers and accountants will be dealt with in the secondary legislation after the Law has entered into force.
The reduction of $100,000 in the level of resources of this subprogramme reflects the reorganization of resources under this heading within the programme following the creation of new subprogramme 2.
Initiatives in support of United Nations system activities for Burundi, Haiti, and Sudan are likely to generate additional income in the remaining months of 2004, and on into 2005.
When the server no longer wants to be registered with the endpoint, this routine is called.
Iceland
Condemning strongly the abuses of human rights committed in the north of Mali by armed rebels, terrorist and other extremist groups, including violence against its civilians, notably women and children, killings, hostage-taking, pillaging, theft, destruction of cultural and religious sites and recruitment of child soldiers, stressing that some of such acts may amount to crimes under the Rome Statute and that their perpetrators must be held accountable and noting that the Transitional authorities of Mali referred the situation in the north of Mali since January 2012 to the International Criminal Court on 18 July 2012,
3. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [121]
* - at US$1=CHF1.25
Cassava
The secretariat's annotations, contained in chapter II, are intended to provide essential background information covering the provisional agenda items, together with a brief description of the relevant documentation.
CRC emphasised the urgent need to investigate and sanction reported cases to break the cycle of impunity for serious human rights violations.
We send each other gifts frequently.
Paleomagnetic data is a key data for quantitative investigating block motion in tectonic geology.
The trees on the shore line were reflected in the clear water.
You shouldn't mark up a book which isn't yours. Librarians (or your friends) who lend you books expect you to keep them clean, and you should.
They include, in particular, the United Nations system of integrated Environmental and Economic Accounting (SEEA), the Netherlands National Accounting Matrix including Environmental Accounts (NAMEA) promoted by the Statistical Office of the European Communities (Eurostat), Material Flows Accounts (World Resources Institute (WRI) and Eurostat) and a “neoclassical” approach to environmental accounting (Peskin).
Acknowledging that its resolutions 1612 (2005), 1882 (2009), 1998 (2011) and 2068 (2012) and the Statements of its President on children and armed conflict have generated progress in preventing and responding to violations and abuses committed against children, in particular in the demobilization, rehabilitation and reintegration of thousands of children, the signing of action plans between parties to armed conflict and the United Nations and the delisting of parties to conflict from the Annexes to the Secretary-General's annual report,
If you consider your beliefs who you are, you won’t be willing to consider other points of view and you’ll get defensive in order to protect your beliefs.
There are 10 types of formal primary schools totalling 81,508 schools with 16,539,363 students and 381,728 teachers (DPE, 2010).
(b) To address problems stemming from poor implementation of agreed measures;
The Summit Outcome (General Assembly resolution 60/1) explicitly recognized "the need for universal adherence to and implementation of the rule of law at both the national and international levels", complemented by a number of concrete commitments aimed at strengthening the rule of law.
Neither agriculture nor industry is prepared to cope with these implications and the cost of modernization, despite the benefits that new markets and access to new technologies and production methods might bring.
Chief Executive of Hong Kong
As Singapore evolves into a knowledge-based economy, training and learning take on added significance.
Apart from being "superbly fit, physically and psychologically", Malaysia's first astronaut must "not be an elitist but someone that can relate to the people".
But if we keep to the traditional role of peacekeeping -- that is, carrying out peacekeeping where there is peace to keep -- then, I am afraid, certain conflict situations may not be addressed.
That will not just hurt the US in Syria and Iraq. It will shape popular views in other Arab states, limiting their governments’ ability to work with the US.
30. Robust growth in a number of emerging market economies underlies resurging private capital inflows.
The Office provides a unified central legal service for the Secretariat and the principal and other organs of the United Nations, contributes to the progressive development and codification of international public and trade law, promotes the strengthening and development, as well as the effective implementation, of the international legal order for the seas and oceans, registers and publishes treaties and performs the depositary functions of the Secretary-General.
We will distribute a much longer version of the speech that I will be delivering.
Six formed police units (857 personnel or 77 per cent of the authorized 1,120) remain on the ground.
We cannot expect them to come to us in search of them.
' he said.
11. During this quarter, the Afghan security forces increasingly took the lead in conventional operations across Afghanistan, leading over 80 per cent of the total operations, while the number of ISAF-led operations decreased simultaneously.
Meditate This is one thing that everyone should do to improve his or her quality of life.
This cough medicine tastes nice but it doesn't do much good, ie isn't very effective.
The swan took pity on him, and took him on his shoulders and flew back to the beach.
Losing .8 pounds in one day is excellent.
"In that day," declares the Lord of hosts, "the peg driven in a firm place will give way; it will even break off and fall, and the load hanging on it will be cut off, for the Lord has spoken."
The present report is prepared in compliance with that resolution.
To have a goal is the best way to coordinate one's mind, body and spirit.
Malt is the main material of beer. It plays an important role in beer brewing.
" "By no means.
The Committee also notes, however, that Mr. Petit signed the statement of friendly settlement (see paragraph 2.6 above).
Bespoke suits are created by highly skilled tailors and artisans to fit your every inch.
Lost and Found
Universal Periodic Review
Men grow because as fathers they must take care of their families.
Well, it was my father's.
(i) Encourage the donor community, criteria and indicators processes, FAO, ITTO, the Global Environment Facility and other relevant organizations and mechanisms to assist developing countries and countries with economies in transition to implement criteria and indicators, including by providing financial support, technology and know-how, and to assist countries that would like to join a process, recognizing that providing such support would be facilitated by countries identifying criteria and indicators as a priority in their official development plans and poverty reduction strategies;
A group called "Campaign to Support the Intifada" claimed responsibility to a news agency.
It is especially concerned about the situation of women agricultural workers who are excluded from the protection of the Labour Code and who consequently do not benefit from social security or other benefits.
However, those practices must become the rule rather than the exception -- hence the need to make more lasting improvements, which must be carried out within the framework of broad reform of the Security Council.
By reason of limited conditions at the port of entry, the State animal and plant quarantine department may decide to have the animals and plants, their products or other quarantine objects transported to a designated place for quarantine inspection.
Proposed changes in staffing will be funded from the Foundation special purpose contributions under the special account for programme support (see table 8) and are as follows: one P-4 Procurement and Asset Management Specialist to strengthen the procurement and asset management functions in line with the growth in field activities requiring emergency response and in response to the recommendations of the External Board of Auditors in their report (A/63/5/Add.8) on the need to strengthen asset management in collaboration with the United Nations Office at Nairobi; and one P-4 Programme Management Officer, one P-3 Legal Officer, one P3 Administrative Officer, three additional General Service posts - an Asset Management Assistant, a Finance and Oversight Assistant, and a Database Management Assistant, to strengthen the programme support function through the effective and efficient provision of programme management and administrative services in line with the increased activities envisaged by the organization to support the objectives of the medium-term strategic and institutional plan focus area on excellence in management.
These activities have increased awareness on the part of certain public bodies and authorities, as well as religious and community leaders, with regard to women's rights and the need for women's concerns to be taken into account in the country's economic, social and cultural development.
:: Article 469. Customs controls
The lack of national ownership in such cases of UNDP initiatives limited long-term sustainability and impact.
Inability to Supply 1)We very much regret that we are unable to supply what you require just now
Fatima said, " Sister Ann, Sister Ann, call to them to come and save me.
Items 3 and 22 of the provisional agenda
I keep having the sam dream about trying to get across a deep river.
“There are those who will seize upon the report and say ‘see what Americans did,’” Feinstein said, “and they will try to use it to justify evil actions or to incite more violence.
4 September 1994
The recommended programme was called Plateforme reconfigurable pour l'observation, les télécommunications et les usages scientifiques (PROTEUS).
It recommends that the State party take concrete measures, including temporary special measures in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention and the Committee's general recommendation No. 25, to eliminate both vertical and horizontal occupational segregation and close the gender-based wage gap between women and men, as well as measures to prevent the practice of illegal dismissal of women in cases of pregnancy and childbirth.
Recognizing that the spread of HIV/AIDS can have a uniquely devastating impact on all sectors and levels of society and stressing that the HIV/AIDS pandemic, if unchecked, may pose a risk to stability and security, as stated in Security Council resolution 1308 (2000) of 17 July 2000,
8. UNHCR strongly supports the inclusion of a clause (new art. A) prohibiting child recruitment by non—governmental armed groups.
The UNFPA Executive Director highlighted the proposals from the UNDG Executive Committee on enhancing the alignment of the United Nations system's analytical work with national processes; reducing the burden of the programme preparation process; and increasing national ownership.
Letter dated 17 March 2011 from the Group of Experts on Côte d’Ivoire addressed to the Chair of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1572 (2004)
In general, it embodies the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR).
A. Second session of the Conference of States Parties 26 6
14. There were more strikes in the second half of 2008, which brought into the open the disparate conditions obtaining in various sectors of the civil service.
This refers to persons in the society who have been ostracized by virtue of their HIV status or overtly risky lifestyles.
Air operations equipment and supplies
3. Basic programme of work of the Council.
Egypt contends that a substantially higher dollar value is indicated by the payment orders issued by the Iraqi banks than is indicated by the payment orders actually received by the Egyptian banks.
Maintenance of international peace and security
It further decided that the Forum should be established as a subsidiary body of the Council composed of all States Members of the United Nations and members of the specialized agencies and that it would operate under the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Council.
Expenditure for the period from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012 as at 30 June 2012 Original distributiona
WMO, EC/JRC, UNU
Have they ever kissed anyone
The fund aims to:
States generally impose very few pre-default obligations on parties to a security agreement (see chapter VIII, Rights and obligations of the parties).
Article 19bis
Outline of Debris Mitigation Handbook—revised 18 September 1997
315. The increase of $58,700 would provide for the acquisition of office automation equipment, such as chairs, tables and information technology equipment, for the proposed new staff.
47. At the close of the session, the Acting Executive Director congratulated the Commission acting as the preparatory committee for having taken important first steps at the first substantive session.
Despite all of the advantages and privileges that you were given at birth, you have returned to prison again and again.
The author also reiterated that in practice there was no other possible evidence to be provided, as suggested by the State party.
57. Mr. Awad (Egypt) said, with respect to the critical challenges emphasized in the summary, that there was indeed a need for prioritizing the tasks, as they would form the basis for the Commission's future work.
Date of issue
The disarmament, demobilization and reintegration (DDR) programme had been completed and State authority extended throughout the country, and national and local government elections held.
The Government of Saint Helena has continued to press forward with the modernization agenda and has secured the support of a change adviser to build on the work started and to support the implementation of agreed initiatives.
Fighting hunger in rural areas must therefore include fighting desertification and land degradation, through investments and public policies that are specifically appropriate to the risks of the drylands.
United Republic of Tanzania.
As the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination had asserted, it was that lack of political will to ratify and implement the human rights instruments that was frustrating the efforts to combat racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance.
Drivers should beware that there are likely to be serious road flooding and traffic congestion.
We must therefore take steps to effect its expansion, while guarding against an extension of the historical obstacles that run contrary to the principle of the sovereign equality of States, such as the right of veto.
The bone crusher is just as bad.
9. A call was made for States to decide and plan their marine renewable energies development goals bearing in mind the rights and obligations of States under the Convention.
They rejected any suggestion that the Committee had not fulfilled its mandate, stressing that the present decision represented an additional effort in the interpretation of that resolution.
In 2002, a book on the principal contemporary artists and another on Ecuador's cultural wealth were published;
resolutions 56/254 A, 56/274 B and 56/286
11. NCP and SPLM convened high-level meetings throughout the reporting period, with the stated objective of resolving outstanding differences over the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
4.2 Furthermore, the complaint does not comply with the provisions of rule 113 (f) of the Committee's rules of procedure (CAT/C/3/Rev.5) with respect to the prolonged period of time elapsed between the exhaustion of domestic remedies and the submission of the complaint to the Committee.
I. Introduction
He then confessed to a different story.
::Fixed asset management
The rule is followed in the Commission and its subsidiary organs with much flexibility.
16.00 hrs to 20.10 hrs
The State is to set uniform compulsory standards in education.
On 16 November the Permanent Mission of New Zealand forwarded a copy of the Mercenary Activities (Prohibition) Act 2004.
The peonies are withering now. If you would go, I would accompany you.
10. The Credentials Committee recommends to the Conference the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Therefore, we will be more willing to short - term understood as " bound investment to maximize profits. "
My delegation wishes to contribute to this debate in its national capacity.
In this regard, we recognize the need for a global strategy on youth and employment building on the work of the International Labour Organization.
The United Republic of Tanzania
The patent system may even have adverse effects on innovation, because, while the most important input into any research is prior ideas, the patent system encourages secrecy.
-- The construction of the Lhasa Post and Telecommunications Center, that entails the addition of 11,000-channel program-controlled telephone exchanges and 54 ground satellite stations in 47 counties, and other facilities.
Cost of goods and inventory overhead
Later on, a number of actions have been undertaken by UNEP in the framework of Refrigerant Management Plans and other Projects financed by the Multilateral Fund and GEF.
31.8 In order to remedy the situation with the facilities’ physical condition at Headquarters, the Office of Central Support Services has developed a master plan for capital improvements and upgrade of the facilities.
26. The General Committee may wish to recommend to the General Assembly that, in order to save time at the end of the session, the practice of making concluding statements in the General Assembly and its Main Committees should be dispensed with except for statements by the presiding officers (decision 34/401, para. 17 (A/520/Rev.15, annex VI)).
Rather, the role of national support policies is to strengthen the lead role of innovative private enterprises and related capital formation.
Total
Compared with other countries in the region, the distribution services sector in Viet Nam is less developed and so are the regulations that govern it.
Place employment growth at the heart of macroeconomic policies, for example by ensuring that labour market policies aim to foster high rates of growth in production and employment for the benefit of persons of all ages; (Agreed)
17. The reviewed projects have, overall, been successful in attracting supplementary funding.
Where is No.5 Street? 336.
By means of theoretical evaluating the structure of chromatographic pie and thickness of stainless steel were optimized.
55. The Committee urges the State party to take effective measures to combat the problem of poverty, including the setting up of a National Plan of Action against Poverty that includes economic, social and cultural rights.
 The President (interpretation from French): We shall now hear representatives who wish to speak in explanation of vote or position.
Note: (a) It is very important to point out that between 1886 and 1996, or for 100 years, Zairians of all ethnic compositions had never thought about the ethnic cleansing of their Kinyarwanda-speaking Zairians.
Then, when they had fasted and prayed and laid their hands on them, they sent them away
Around the next corner, inside every moment, the goodness of life is there to surprise and delight you.
In some cases, States have criminalized indigenous protests against such agreements by prosecuting indigenous leaders or by repressing communities that have demonstrated against them (see A/HRC/16/51/Add.3, para. 34).
Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are the pillar of Hong Kong's economy. We understand that when SMEs apply for loans from lending institutions, sometimes the latter may not be able to approve the applications or process them smoothly due to insufficient information provided by SMEs. In order to assist SMEs in preparing loan applications, the Trade and Industry Department (TID) has compiled a checklist to set out the types of information SMEs should provide to the lending institutions when applying for loans.
Jiang did not go to school, because he felt that no one would miss him there.
Mr. Smith, together with his wife and daughter, is going to visit our school next week.
I put forth his suggestion as my own without realizing I had been manipulated.
I thank President Bush for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.
The decision to invade North Africa necessitated a complete reversal in our thinking.
Get to know your peers Be active in one or more professional/trade organizations.
The night was drenched in warm soft darkness and she lay staring into it, dull ox.
116. Multilingualism (resolution 61/266).
 Having considered the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas),
The ideal candidate will have minimum 3 years experience selling consultative selling in a business-to-business service industry.
30. Institutional aspects may also influence the level of investments and financial flows.
The Council acknowledges the historic significance of the adoption of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court.
In addition, 37 staff from the Department of Field Support were trained in instructor-led training courses
Table 17.17
Since the establishment of UNIFIL, 207 members of the Force have died: 76 as a result of firing or bomb explosions, 84 in accidents and 47 from other causes.
The allegations were vigorously denied by President Taylor.
(o) The independent expert might explain how the development compact would contribute to mainstreaming all human rights in all aid programmes, as well as in the development policies of recipient countries;
On 13 July 2011, the Council held a high-level debate chaired by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Germany, Guido Westerwelle, and recommended to the General Assembly, in its resolution 1999 (2011), that the Republic of South Sudan be admitted to the membership of the United Nations.
Bouïra Province
 It also called for a single annual pledging conference for all United Nations operational activities for development.
The thought of Isfahan School also had an impact on Sheikh School, but there were also huge differences among them.
The proposal suggests that the index be used to negotiate the broadest possible market access and national treatment commitments.
The European Union would welcome further information on how field offices might participate in the United Nations Development Assistance Framework.
"Don't think of going, Carrie," he said.
He ran right to her and caught her up, saying "bad girl" to her. I picked up the stroller and gave it to him.
The answer might come down to a somewhat discredited concept, the "decoupling" of economies that sees some driving forward while others lag.
Guinée Received on 9 August 2010 Darkwood Logistics H.Gr 84 70 Police
10. Reform of human resources management was not a direct application of management practices from the outside.
Cracks arising from a number of causes.
Georgy Cherkashov
A first study has sketched the broad features of women's conditions on the labor market in Brussels.
EDC can be produced either through direct chlorination using pure chlorine, or through oxychlorination using hydrogen chloride.
29. Protection of civilians in armed conflict.
24. During 2004, efforts were made by different entities of the State, beginning with the Office of the Vice-President, to whom the President has delegated the leading role in this field, aimed at transforming the commitments into reality.
36. The 2008 - 2011 work plan and the 2008 - 2009 costed work programme of the secretariat are contained in document ICCD/CRIC(7)/2/Add.1 and ICCD/CRIC(7)/2/Add.2, respectively.
They recognized the voice of Prouvaire.
I. Palestinian trade, finance and services: accomplishments
In addition, in Ukraine, the UNDP Chernobyl Recovery and Development Programme cooperated with the Oxford University Ukrainian Society and the National University of "Kyiv-Mohyla Academy" on a training programme for volunteers.
VII. Overview on actions to be taken by participating organizations on JIU recommendations 25
i've got a throut hurt these days..
Don't be so hard on him, prime.
Some of us were so decidedly ungodly that the LORD's Word most truly said to our conscience and heart, "Ye are not my people. "
In capitals, there is a fervour for fashioning better multilateral tools for our shared use.
He believes China's development in Japan is a big positive factor.
India's superpower dreams, it said, might appear to be justified. But they are mingled "with the thought of hegemony" .
HRW attached great importance to the work of the ad hoc International Tribunals for the Former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda.
8. Daily allowance
Look at him sleeping, though.
Who Rebels? Who rises in arms? Rarely the slave, but almost always the oppressor turned slave.
`What about the car?
Currently only 78 States parties have an Additional Protocol in place, and over 30 States parties currently do not have a comprehensive safeguards agreement in place.
98. Development was an issue for the entire Organization and went to the very heart of its commitment to save future generations from the scourge of war and to ensure respect for human rights.
Human Rights Council, eleventh session [General Assembly resolution 60/251]
TCP Friendly Rate Control
Those vulnerabilities may reveal themselves as a loss of traditional knowledge, cultural diversity and biodiversity, further weakening the capacity of indigenous peoples for self-determination and survival.
Eastern Africa
Page
However, she does not provide sufficient information to illustrate her claims in this respect.
The report has been prepared taking into consideration the four-year periodicity of the first cycle of the review.
When the winds are howling, and the storm raging, and the sky is so cloudy you have nothing to navigate by, a compass tells you where true North is.
The pedagogical approach is eclectic but rooted in the needs of the Western language learner.
Then he opened the doors of the house of the Lord. But Samuel was afraid to tell the vision to Eli.
Our thoughts are also with all those Afghans and other nationals who have lost their lives as a result of the Taliban insurgency.
He said that currently the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation had been actively developing, areas of cooperation had been expanding, the Organisation鈥檚 international standing kept on strengthening day by day; the SCO had become the focus of worldwide attention.
We both know that's not possible.
El Salvador
The secretariat indicated that the delays could in large part be attributed to the extensive engagements of some Parties with the ERTs and the need to incorporate those Parties' comments into the review reports.
It builds on OECD strengths -- measurement, analysis and comparison -- and uses cutting-edge technology to give new life to the work of OECD; it also represents one of the first moves made by international organizations in terms of meeting public demands of growing engagement in this field.
(2) - SSM up to 25 Km
"That is a decision that I will take after the Beijing Games.
Narcotics Control Bureau
403. The State party is requested to include in its second periodic report information and data on occupational accidents, particularly in hazardous sectors such as the mining and nuclear sectors.
When the missus was away she would go and stay with him in the house.
Katherine Mansfield made a brave innovation in the style of short story and formed her unique narrative style.
He didn't expect to suffer such an unfortunate incident.
For collective decisions - such as by the legislator - , the best interests of children in general must be assessed and determined in light of the circumstances of the particular group and/or children in general.
5. Panel members held consultative meetings with intergovernmental forums (the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council), as well as smaller briefings for regional groupings (the Group of 77 and China, the European Union, the African Group and the Latin America and Caribbean Group).
Good food should raise calcic content to reduce phosphorous content.
 71. Asked about the percentage of maternal mortality, the representative said that the maternal mortality rate had been rising since the blockade, especially as a result of malnutrition, weakness and anaemia.
New York: 84 per cent Geneva: 93 per cent Vienna: 103 per cent** Nairobi: 96 per cent
149. A representative of a Party made a statement.
An idea of abstraction, that idea of specification, is exactly what we want to use inside of our functions.
Mr. Deiss
In the light of the continued growth of the secretariat, special efforts were made to optimize existing office space at its headquarters in order to accommodate new staff.
The focus must be on developing a more robust framework for the delivery of operational activities.
Finally, two hardware decouple Methods : Were compared on their merit and fault.
Encourage staff exchanges at all career levels;
As indicated in the note by the Secretary-General, the intensification of exchanges between ACC and those organs, in particular the Economic and Social Council, had been greatly facilitated by the revitalization of the United Nations in the economic and social fields.
Programme of work The Assembly was informed that agenda item 105 (c) (Election of the members of the United Nations International Law Commission) would be taken up on Thursday, 26 October 2006, in the afternoon, to consider the issuance of a consolidated list of candidates.
And a meal that included some form of food.
The effect of any ordinary character being preceded by an escape is undefined.
Urges the State party to ensure in practice that those individuals responsible of acts of torture be appropriately punished, to ensure the Complainant full redress.
Ad Hoc Committee of the General Assembly for the Announcement of Voluntary Contributions to the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees [General Assembly resolution 55/75]
He keeps speaking and I didn't say even one word.
Abong-Mbang, Cameroon
Hong Kong and Sri Lanka Sign Avoidance of
Messrs Viktor Korneenko and Aleksiandar Milinkevich
 Unfortunately, the United Nations proved not to be completely ready to assume this important role.
However, in the reports the Working Group endeavoured to explain that those principles should be applied in practice in a complete manner, and not be restricted to the delivery of money, as some sources reported occurs in the majority of cases.
46. The Ministry of the Interior has registered a total of 389 trade unions, 74 national trade unions and the Confederation of Trade Unions of Slovakia.
 In most areas, considerable improvements became evident in the run-up to the elections.
They are just opera costumes.
18. While there is a growing recognition of the existence of IDRL, there also exists an appreciation that the field largely lacks coherence as a set of rules constituting a single body of law.
Kazakhstan
WMO
These records will be entered as they are generated.
While in many cases further technical assistance is needed for a period of time, in others implementation will not require further support from UNCTAD or any other multilateral agencies.
(l) Not to resort to profiling based on stereotypes founded on grounds of discrimination prohibited by international law, including on racial, ethnic and/or religious grounds;
Minkin traces corruption to moral decay in Russian society.
- The note by the Secretariat,
Lastly, the Permanent Mission of Spain requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to arrange for the contents of this note verbale to be included as an annex to the edited version of the report of the Special Rapporteur when it is issued.
58. Among his recommendations to the Government of the Russian Federation, the Special Rapporteur highlights the importance of officially recognizing the existence and increase of racism and xenophobia, and of expressing a strong political will to combat it; the elaboration of a Federation Plan of Action to combat racism and xenophobia, with the democratic participation of all national communities and human rights organizations; the establishment of an independent institution for the promotion and protection of human rights, primarily engaged in combating all forms of discrimination, particularly racial discrimination; the strengthening of the legal and judiciary systems to punish the perpetrators of manifestations and acts of racist violence more effectively; and, in parallel to the legal strategy, the elaboration of a cultural and ethical strategy to eradicate the root causes of racism and to establish a link between efforts to combat racism and xenophobia and the construction of a democratic, egalitarian and interactive multiculturalism.
We have the political will to continue on the long and difficult road of implementing these objectives.
A/65/PV.55
Take a look at this picture.
(j) Good long-term planning capabilities at the national, local and grower levels;
Good practice in this area exhibited by a sound track record is paramount, together with a protection and treatment regime in national laws and/or treaties.
The decision provided exceptions for certain nationalities under bilateral agreements.
 2. Expresses concern about the deteriorating financial situation with regard to peace-keeping activities owing to overdue payments by Member States of their assessments, particularly Member States in arrears;
Other techniques have been abandoned in favour of more efficient ones ;
At the same time, it is important to note that the current resource level is still inadequate to meet the increasing requests for assistance and the corresponding expansion in operational activities and substantive initiatives for the ratification and implementation of the universal instruments related to terrorism.
The work will include participation in the testing and commissioning of the new systems ($867,500); (ii) other miscellaneous contractual services to cover the continuation of technical expertise to oversee the commissioning of building infrastructure and management systems installed under the capital master plan ($460,000);
H. Information flow
The five National Committees omitted $1.45 million, being the total initial support funds advanced to them by the greeting card and related operations from the cash accounting reports for 1996–1997.
UNCTAD also prepared an analysis of the product space (and a product space methodology) and the policy space of the green economy for providing tailored advice to individual countries and promoting common understanding on trade measures which are acceptable in the pursuit of green economy objectives.
All parties and stakeholders were afforded the opportunity to comment on the issues to be discussed at the meetings and a number of stakeholders who were not directly involved in the initiative provided valuable input.
April
The Secretariat also indicated that there would be implications for the Strategic Planning Unit.
Nonetheless, the relevant practice does not seem to provide satisfactory answers to the many questions raised by this situation.
Applicants are not restricted from placing their names on several waiting lists across several different municipalities.
Friday, 20 October 2006, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
At Fort Johnson, across the harbor, Confederate gunners also were getting ready. These men would fire the first shot at Sumter.
Moreover, did not Eve accomplish the Fall of Man in the eternal spring of Eden?
If the album is not successful, we go back to the drawing board to search for some more good new songs
Mrs. Gleason bent down and whispered to us, This is a buffet dinner. You help yourselves to some food and eat it in the living room.
III. Report on action taken pursuant to the Financial Regulations of the Tribunal
The Government of Chile ratified the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 on 24 April 1991.
8 September 1966
Report by the Director-General
India has for the first time become the biggest revenue contributor among Asia’s emerging economies for Merrill Lynch, highlighting the country’s increasing importance for global investment banks.
In order to select the park and ride facilities effectively and reasonably a system optimization equilibrium model which serves park and ride facility users was established.
Owing to the crisis, sovereign debt levels have increased significantly in a number of the region's economies and have become problematic; this has led to premature fiscal consolidation that has delayed and weakened the recovery.
Customs processing of service and civilian weapons is carried out, in particular, in accordance with resolution No. 71 of the State Customs Committee of 17 November 2003 "On some questions of customs processing and customs control of weapons and ammunition".
Lower youth unemployment has been one of the main labour policy objectives in the 1990s.
4. Urges the Governments concerned:
Seminars on intellectual property policies for development (2)
334. In parallel, through special MINEFOP finance, FNE succeeded in placing a number of young persons in the active economy under agreements signed with MINPMEESA and the Ministry of the Economy and Finance (MINEFI).
Scarlett:Why does a girl have to be so silly to catch a husband?
That'll bring him around. It's a cure-all.
The Committee also recommends to the State party that this body be established in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (Paris Principles), which are annexed to General Assembly resolution 48/134, in order to ensure its autonomy, independence, pluralistic nature, stability, competence and representative character.
After competitive bidding, a new adviser was awarded a five-year contract in January 2004, at a cost not to exceed $180,000 yearly.
We were snowed in for a week.
Rate your distress on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being mild irratation and 10 extreme panic or anger.
And that minx, Catherine Linton, or Earnshaw, or however she was called--she must have been a changeling--wicked little soul!
Action: The SBSTA will be invited to adopt the draft report and authorize the Rapporteur to complete the report after the session, under the guidance of the Chair and with the assistance of the secretariat.
Would you mind filling out this form
In the case of self-employed persons, the right to set up business may be restricted for persons not established in New Caledonia.
At the same time, as a result of its ageing population and changes in patterns of disease, China faces a double burden of contagious diseases (including HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis) and chronic non-contagious diseases, while the rapid growth of the transient population is also bringing new public-health challenges.
Whether the network of regional centres proved effective in facilitating capacitybuilding, technical assistance and technology transfer to assist developing-country parties and parties with economies in transition.
Then too, the coalition has provided Labour's new leader a valuable luxury.
Article 11 obliges exporting countries to respect the import decisions of importing Parties as published in the PIC Circular.
Invites Parties to submit to the secretariat, by [XX 2011], further views on the scope and content of the work programme referred to in paragraph 1 above;
46. The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) has been engaged in the development and strengthening of national intellectual property systems and strategies to promote economic, social and cultural development in the small island developing States of all three regions.
The Secretariat, its assets, income and other property is exempt from direct income taxes (with regard to buildings, however, such exemption applies to those owned by the Secretariat and occupied by its branches and to income deriving therefrom).
O . K . I'll go with you. -- That's more like it.
A/HRC/17/15
And what will be the role of development partners including South - South and triangular cooperation?
The net increase of $11,408,300 for OHCHR comprises:
Each round table accommodates forty statements.
The Committee recalled its jurisprudence to the effect that authors must avail themselves of all judicial remedies in order to fulfil the requirement of article 5, paragraph 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol, insofar as such remedies appear to be effective in the given case, and are de facto available to them.
87. During the reporting period, UN-Habitat participated in the processes of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, including at the nineteenth Conference of the Parties and the Climate Change Conference, held in Bonn, Germany, in June 2014.
Bob:It's good offer, the best we can do.
Yet this trip is a celebration of a warming of relations that have helped weaken the men of violence.
The Family
:: Organization of congresses, seminars, expert group meetings and symposia at the national, regional and international level to share expertise across the network of FA's and with other organizations interested in strong family life.
The report includes the plan towards the completion of the draft 1993 SNA Rev.1.
The Office explained that the inventory database lists all items (computers, cell phones, special printers and devices, cars, etc.), signed out to individuals who, when they leave the organization, must account for such items before receipt of their final payments.
The forming process of the large_cross_section oblong rear sealing end of the oil tank was introduced.
The President: I thank the representative of China for his statement.
Unfortunately, earnings are still a bad proxy for the cashflow available to shareholders.
Several experts emphasized that the IIA regime was a strong, rules-based regime, noting the importance of ISDS in this respect.
4. Notes with satisfaction the successful completion of the three-year work plan by the Working Group of the Legal Subcommittee concerning the review of the concept of the "launching State" and takes note of its recommendations;
Even before 31 July, the Court had already handed down two judgments and one order on a request for the indication of provisional measures.
A lot of people buy a room to be met first consideration front is southeastern or southern, make tower above of this azimuth price not little already.
Existing human rights infrastructures should be used in implementing the second phase, which would require a time frame of at least 10 years.
Cenozoic Era is composed of Tertiary Period followed by Quaternary Period.
1. Constitution of the Republic of Slovenia
The projects have been selected by Committee with wetland conservation experts all over the world. They include:
1. Measures to strengthen accountability at the United Nations
Analysis of Gender Needs in Reproductive Health & Based on the Gender Needs Analysis Framework and Investigations in the Family Planning Quality of Care Project Counties
The Board's review of IPSAS opening balances submitted for audit identified items that were not properly presented, including incorrect recognition of donor pledges, fully depreciated assets which were still in use and requiring reassessment of their useful lives, lack of an aged breakdown of actuarial valuations for employee benefit liabilities that would enable categorization between current and non-current liabilities, and foreign currency translation gains for 2011 recognized in 2012.
Note by the Secretariat
Set up a jar and have the kids sit on their knees on the chair and toss coins over the back of the chair trying to get them in the jar.
Unemployment for women and men is a common problem, although women in urban areas experience unemployment more intensely.
Some schools pay teacher aides, while others rely on volunteers.
Statement by SDEV after the meeting of the Antiquities Advisory Board
A foreign company referred to herein means a company registered and established outside China under foreign laws.
This Nation must continue to speak out for justice and truth.
roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up just in time to see Hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge.
[on the report of the First Committee (A/56/528)]
Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
Gustavo Zapata
The protection of victims and witnesses is an area of concern, especially in cases of sexual violence.
12. Finally, Syria would like to reaffirm its enduring respect for the independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and people of the fraternal and neighbouring Arab State of Lebanon, and its desire to maintain the best possible relations with it and to resolve all outstanding problems between the two countries, provided that such a desire is reciprocated by the Lebanese Government.
The stronger the will, the more futile the task.
Rules engines are often used to implement and enforce policy "decisions" in an operational runtime environment.
The funds “are getting 30, 40, 50 applications for every mandate, with only two or maybe three winners”, says Michael McCormack, executive director at Z-Ben Advisors.
Such information should be widely disseminated in alternative formats for the deaf and the blind, and Government workers should be trained to communicate policy in a way that was clear and non-patronizing.
Kaimon Station
Observe your interviewer and match that style and pace.
Including basic accounting policies applicable to the Voluntary Funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees 6
Accordingly, the Committee concludes that the author's conviction of an administrative offence for "propaganda of homosexuality among minors" on the basis of the ambiguous and discriminatory section 3.10 of the Ryazan Region Law, amounted to a violation of her rights under article 19, paragraph 2, read in conjunction with article 26 of the Covenant.
For this purpose we are in constant contact with the French non-governmental organizations which have remained on site, as they have, with great courage, during the worst hours of the history of Afghanistan.
Queen's Road West Clinic
1. The Committee considered Ireland's combined fourth and fifth periodic report (CEDAW/C/IRL/4-5) at its 693rd and 694th meetings, on 13 July 2005.
 "(ii) Name of sponsoring agency;
United Nations support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development
In this paper we introduce our methods to test cylinder's generatrix and to evaluate the last result of fabrication.
The Permanent Forum notes in particular the commitment of a considerable number of FAO staff to indigenous issues, both in the field and at headquarters.
Objective To study the effect of prophylactic application of leg muscular flap in leg open, fracture.
Overtraining is the number one cause of injuries, so try to remember that progress takes time.
618. An unknown but large number of people worldwide are homeless, that is, sleeping on the streets, in abandoned buildings, in makeshift structures, in parks or, where available, in shelters for the homeless.
The representative of Israel made a statement in explanation of vote before the vote.
Briefing by Secretary for Economic Development and Labour on relevant policy initiatives in the Chief Executive's Policy Address 2005 (PDF version)
National parks of Kenya
D. Documentation
I reached the age of twenty-nine without loving, for none of the feelings I before then experienced merit the apellation of love.
Certainly, sir. We have a veteran seal engraver here. What design do you prefer?
Orsk Airport
At present, there are more than 400 eco-agriculture counties in China, and more than 500 counties and cities with eco-agriculture demonstration zones.
Rapporteur:
JARMACHE, Elie (France)
The write-offs bring the recorded balances of the properties to the same levels as those shown in the property records for the actual quantities on hand.
Yo must believe me when I say The king must fear the day There are two goblets before you.
The guard on duty was found severely wounded and later died of his injuries.
Codes of Practice Committee
Following an evaluation of UNHCR's strategy in Europe carried out in 1992, the Bureau for Europe has attempted to implement a strategy whereby offices in Europe move away from individual casework and place greater emphasis on advocacy, public awareness, training and network building.
When the score is 62 to 60, 64 to 62, 66 to 64, and so on (that is, the difference between the two teams is only two points apart), what would your answers be to the following questions:1
Her Government eagerly awaited the Secretary-General's report to the Security Council with recommendations for future action.
To learn a foreign language well is not easy.
They were developed for the defense program.
Two Israeli enemy warplanes violated Lebanese airspace.
3 105 – June 1990
Section 2 - Provides for the payment of wage payment to meet a certain set standard ensuring just remuneration.
Those who have conquered the summit have first conquered themselves.
While recognizing the mandate of the High Commissioner, Malaysia also underscored the important role of intergovernmental efforts in adapting and strengthening human rights machinery, including the Commission on Human Rights and the Centre for Human Rights.
The report also highlights the importance of exploiting African capacities in various sectors.
I never thought Id be able to do that
(a) The basis on which partners collaborate, including the agreement of mutual objectives and the assignation of roles and responsibilities;
And he attached himself to that Christian teacher, and that teacher introduced him to the philosophy of Christianity.
Costa Rica
Aedes
The award ceremony was held on 22 November 2006 at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and officiated by the Financial Secretary, Mr Henry Tang.
Is this your pencil? No! Is this your eraser? No!
The Peacebuilding Commission was an appropriate platform for holding donors accountable and encouraging debate on the vital issues relating to development in Sierra Leone.
(a) International trade and development (A/63/15 (Parts I-IV), A/63/168 and A/63/324; A/C.2/63/3)
The protection of the detainee also requires that prompt and regular access be given to doctors and lawyers and, under appropriate supervision when the investigation so requires, to family members.
OF THE WORLD SUMMIT FOR SOCIAL DEVELOPMENT AND FURTHER INITIATIVES
7. In order to better promote science and technology partnerships, the Council recommended that the Commission collaborate more closely with United Nations bodies and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, the United Nations Development Programme, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Health Organization, the World Bank, the World Intellectual Property Organization and the United Nations Industrial Development Organization.
14. The representatives of the following relevant international organizations or institutions, regional organizations and non-governmental organizations took part in the work of the Meeting as observers, pursuant to rule 1 (3) of the rules of procedure: European Union, League of Arab States, International Trust Fund for Demining and Mine Victims Assistance, Mine Action Information Centre (James Madison University), Permanent Peace Movement and Soldiers of Peace.
51. We recognize the considerable progress made since the Monterrey Conference in voluntary innovative sources of finance and innovative programmes linked to them.
The impediment to a new and vibrant relationship between the United States and Cuba is the dictatorship in Havana.
 One of the great truths brought out and accepted at the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna, is that there is a right to development.
V. Follow-up on previous decisions of the Parties and recommendations of the Implementation Committee on non-compliance-related issues
When he measured the maggots and aged them Dr. Hall found out that the oldest ones were about 6 days old.
Article 12 An arbitration commission shall comprise a chairman, two to four vice-chairmen and seven to eleven members.
Mutual advantage is another key factor, for any arms control treaty must enhance the security of all States parties.
69. The draft report of the Fifth Committee was adopted.
 78. Moreover, it supported efforts to reach a consensus on the role of regional organizations in the maintenance of international peace and security, and hoped that the General Assembly would adopt the draft declaration on that question.
2. Submitting the proposals necessary to adapt national legislation to the rules of international humanitarian law;
Date of live connection to the international transaction log
(i) Seek assistance from, among others, UNICEF and WHO.
(b) A compilation prepared by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) in accordance with paragraph 15 (b) (A/HRC/WG.6/10/AUT/2);
In accordance with financial regulation 5.5, unliquidated obligations of peacekeeping operations owed to Governments may be retained for an additional period of four years beyond the 12-month period provided for in financial regulation 5.3;
(c) Gemma Soronda-Siplon, an alleged member of the “Kuratong Baleleng” gang, reportedly found dead on 19 May 1995 in Sil-Cas village, Laguna.
I help her with her pirouettes all the time.
The modern architecture is developed on the basis of modern building .
For 30 minutes a day, they can be done in two 15-minute sessions or three 10-minute sessions; for 60 minutes, you can add up your activities in periods of at least 10 minutes each throughout the day to get that daily total.
2. The aforementioned position has also been endorsed in many organizations and forums, including the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM), of which Malaysia is a member.
At its fifth session in April 2008, the Intergovernmental Coordination Group for the system adopted the Task Team's Implementation Plan for an interoperable network of Regional Tsunami Watch Providers for the Indian Ocean.
When will the physical  examination be held?
The targets of anti - action are wide and extensive, because it's hard to find the defense focuses.
This paper describes the dust harm to human body and the present situation of the study of dust examination at home and abroad.
 It had also begun to implement a broad-based coastal area management training programme to develop the capacity to properly manage the country's coastal resources and had decided to actively participate in the International Coral Reef Initiative.
The minimum registered capital requirement for international freight forwarding agency enterprises in the Mainland set up and invested by Hong Kong service suppliers will be the same as that for Mainland enterprises.
The Assembly will now take a decision on the four draft resolutions and the draft decision, one by one.
LDCs are facing the danger of increased marginalization as access to global networks, new information technologies and advanced services become driving forces of integration into the world economy.
Datestamped First Day Cover with Stamps (AU162)
 - Continuing commitment to the totality of the priority reconstruction programme.
A/HRC/22/21
8. In conclusion, he said that Canada was prepared to participate fully in any negotiation process aimed at drafting a protocol that would address effectively the suffering caused by cluster munitions to civilian populations in both the humanitarian and development spheres.
(b) Prepare a meeting document on the analytical gaps that require further elaboration by the task team in proposing a development agenda beyond 2015 (2013) ($100,000).
Planning
- To increase the supply of jobs directly through business start-up schemes or through subsidized wages.
English: I brought you this gift.
In 2009, the ILO Committee of Experts on the Application of Conventions and Recommendations (ILO Committee of Experts) noted that the adoption of the Children's Protection and Welfare Bill was still ongoing, and expressed the hope that the Bill would shortly be adopted.
The Working Group met in plenary for less than half of the time available during the four-day meeting and convened contact groups to consider legal and technical issues.
Some delegations expressed the view that the future protocol was intended to address only the distinct and important issue of financing for commercial space activities and not to affect the rights and obligations of parties to the outer space treaties or the rights and obligations of States members of ITU under its Constitution, Convention and Regulations.
62. Mr. Banny (Côte d'Ivoire) said that his Government was deeply grateful for the assistance provided by the international community through UNOCI.
18 September - 24 December 2012
e.g. This book is three times as long as (three times longer than/three times the length of) that one
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the proposed regulations governing the status, basic rights and duties of officials other than Secretariat officials and experts on mission and regulations governing the status, basic rights and duties of the Secretary-General,
About two million people watched attentively.
Note verbale dated 3 March 2014 from the Permanent Mission of Chad to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In fact, in Hollywood in recent months, audi-ence enrichment has become the in thing.
Under this circumstance, the true height value is not always located on the first correlation peak.
Parties in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
When I got home I crashed for a few hours on the sofa.
Some believed that perhaps Kosovo, under KFOR/UNMIK administration, could be a different model of domestic politics.
3.1.5.3 Reservations to a provision reflecting a customary norm
It is difficult to transmit the video data in low-speed narrow-band wireless channel and guarantee the subjective quality of video image during video communication.
The P 1 wave latency  (  WL ) was delayed after injury.
13. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue his efforts to promote the mobilization of financial resources, in a stable and predictable manner, and technical assistance, and to enhance the effectiveness and the full utilization of existing international funds for the effective implementation of national and regional high-priority projects in the area of new and renewable sources of energy;
Reported estimates of total associated costs
It is not cost-effective to set up mission information units for small missions, including monitoring mechanisms.
The Special Representative continues to consistently raise pertinent issues on the children and armed conflict agenda in the Senior Management Group, the Policy Committee, the Executive Committee on Peace and Security and the Executive Committee on Humanitarian Affairs.
67. The Secretary-General welcomes the decision to hold, in August 2005, the Second Conference of Speakers of Parliaments with a special focus on the contribution by parliaments in meeting the Millennium Development Goals, and on action and modalities to enhance the parliamentary dimension to international cooperation.
Have educated teachers hand them the info they need, and drill them in skills.
1. Recalls the entry into force of the Pitcairn Constitution Order 2010 in the Territory in March 2010, featuring a new constitutional framework and human rights provisions, and all efforts by the administering Power and the territorial Government that would further devolve operational responsibilities to the Territory, with a view to gradually expanding self-government, including through training of local personnel;
Ambassador
The development of farming, accelerate the construction of chestnuts, Mandarin orange base.
53. The Secretary-General welcomes the imminent entry into force of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families and urges Member States who have not done so to adhere to this instrument.
Acknowledging that a slum household is defined as a group of individuals living under the same roof lacking one or more of the following elements: access to drinking water, access to improved sanitation facilities, secure tenure, sufficient living area and durability of housing,
Measures adopted to protect the rights and interests of child victims
Total expenditure (Total A + B)
45. The Unit supports the Deputy Special Representative in his/her functions as Humanitarian Coordinator.
At the meeting on the afternoon of Monday, 18 October, we will discuss conventional weapons.
Regarding disciplinary sanction practices, this study noted that in some organizations, although guidelines existed on paper, there have been no disciplinary cases or a limited number of measures imposed on staff in the last 3-5 years.
(a) The Rwandan Government, as recommended in the preceding report, should continue to conduct and intensify campaigns to raise awareness among the population and thus avoid the perpetration of reprisals against returnees.
B. Scope of the report
References for the sixty-fifth session (agenda item 63)
Talking About Likes And Dislikes Things That Might Have Happened About Things In The future Expressing Different Opinions Talking About Dressing 631. What will you wear for the party
Mountains of Qinghai
With the sustainable development of the economy, the scale of foreign students receiving scholarships from the Chinese government for studying in China will continuously increase.To show our government鈥檚 concern about the foreign students, after discussion, we have decided to make an adjustment of the standards for living expenses covered by scholarships for foreign students receiving scholarships from the Chinese government, as permitted by the state financial resources and in full consideration of the living needs of foreign students and factors causing the recent rising prices.
His country was among the seven members of the group of African States within the Working Group set up by the Ad Hoc Committee on a comprehensive and integral convention on protection and promotion of the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities to prepare and present a draft text that would serve as the basis for negotiation by member States and observers at the Ad Hoc Committee.
On Sunday the Israeli and Palestinian teams will convene again in an attempt to resolve their differences in respect of the various agreements.
The activities of the subprogramme will also continue to enhance, in partnership with other divisions of OHCHR, cooperation with stakeholders at all levels that can benefit from and/or contribute to the work of treaty bodies.
Finally the paper analyzes the main matter and factors of evaluations of logistics, and studies two better ways of logistic evaluations.
Please provide information on the implementation and impact of the 2011-2015 National Strategic Plan to Combat HIV/AIDS and the measures taken to increase women's knowledge with regard to prevention of HIV/AIDS.
12. Regarding the level of financing that would be required for the period 1 January to 30 June 2005, it is anticipated that on the basis of monthly expenditure patterns, the Special Court would require roughly $20 million so that it can finish its third year of operations.
Costa Rica (continued)
In paragraph 7 of its resolution on interim arrangements, the Conference of the Plenipotentiaries decided that "all chemicals that have been identified for inclusion in the PIC procedure under the original PIC procedure but for which decision guidance documents have not yet been circulated before the date on which the Convention is opened for signature will become subject to the interim PIC procedure as soon as the relevant decision guidance documents have been adopted by the Committee".
The Committee therefore concluded that it was not prevented from considering the communication under article 5, paragraph 2 (a), of the Optional Protocol.
Chapter II 14
In November 2008 all police personnel were appraised on the law governing the use of force for the public security corps of the Federal District;
When is the baby's next feed?
If their issue had been contrived, the second wanted person notice would no doubt have been amended to correct the error in the first.
D
These matters are addressed in paragraphs 9 to 16 below.
Société Générale de Surveillance UK Ltd. (SGS UK Ltd.);
France Líbertes: Fondation Danielle Mitterand (1995-1998)
Reaffirming its commitment to the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons
Establish a check-in policy that determines whether a user is trying to check in a binary file from a particular folder structure.
During meetings between the Head of the Anti-Narcotics Force and his Afghan counterparts, both parties agreed that a regional approach was needed to address narcotic-related issues in Afghanistan and called for closer cooperation between Afghanistan and its neighbouring countries in this regard.
The biggest is step into your Sacred Contract, whatever that is.
What do you think they are - Danish-style democracies?
No forms of payment are envisaged for participants, unless the employer decides on his/her own initiative to make some such provision.
17 October
It's Valentine's Day and lurve is in the air.
If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?
IV. UNCTAD’s contribution to UN-NADAF
:: Patrols to cut off strategic routes used by illegal groups;
The scheme means Ms Shi can offer Panasonic washing machines for at least 25 per cent less than she did a few months ago.
Those delegations wishing to participate in the general debate are requested to kindly inscribe their names on the list of speakers, as soon as possible, with the Secretariat of the First Committee (room S-2977B; tel.: (212) 963-0049; fax: (212) 963-5305).
But in my view, the greatest happiness lies in one's satisfaction with one's surroundings.
152. However, the Security Council must proceed with caution.
Ms. Clift (Secretariat) said that the key points of addendum 4 were that both debtors and creditors should be permitted to make applications for commencement, in respect of both liquidation and reorganization proceedings.
Follow-up to the International Conference on Financing for Development [104]
"37. Welcomes the continued cooperation of the High Commissioner, the Committee and the Special Rapporteur, and encourages them to continue their cooperation in this regard;
In my opinion, what really matters is that communication or trust between some parents and their children prove to be difficult.
56. Montserrat is an associate member of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean and its subsidiary bodies.
How would Kate if Chris were to die first?
Unpaid contributions to the budgets and the capital master plan had in fact increased, and the Organization was again dependent on collecting unpaid assessed contributions in the final quarter.
other international organizations, regional organizations and non-governmental organizations are invited to provide support to Member States in implementing the Action Plan, according to their available resources, specific mandates and the different roles that they are to play in achieving the goals set out in the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
Unless restrained by law, holders of valid travel documents shall be  free to leave the Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  without  special authorisation.
(a) At 1005 hours on 18 July 2000, United States and British F-15, F-16, Tornado and EA-6B aircraft coming from Turkish territory penetrated Iraq's airspace in the northern region.
The outcome of the Bali Conference should maintain the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities.
Maldives
"Burglary at a diplomat's residence.
This increase involved in particular the use of modern contraceptive methods.
Aleksandr Petrovich Smirnov
I shall begin with the draft resolution contained in document A/C.1/61/L.20, entitled "Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas".
In the American Civil War the Confederate state took the offensive.
There is no more I can tell you about that ancient tower.
51. The above notwithstanding, the 1970s saw a slow evolution in the opposite direction: dispersion.
58. In its direct request in 2011, the Committee recalled the lack of specific elaboration of grounds of discrimination and of a definition of direct and indirect discrimination in the Manpower Act.
Without such a mindset, the mediated outcome is exposed to the risk of being reneged on by either party.
(b) Situation of repatriates and refugees
Nicolas de Neufville de Villeroy
ACTION
Summary
According to § 3, "the school and university curriculum shall include, in the set of disciplines, contents on the fight of women, black and Indigenous people in the history of mankind and of Brazilian society".
6. During the period under review, Switzerland made the following voluntary contribution to the Fund:
2--Yes, we are on holiday too.==================================
In promoting the development of indigenous capability, the United Nations Programme on Space Applications, in cooperation with the European Space Agency (ESA), administers three fellowships for a period of one year of research and study; one fellowship in remote sensing instrumentation at the European Space Research and Technology Centre at Noordwijk, Netherlands; and two in remote sensing information systems at the European Space Research Institute at Frascati, Italy.
 (b) Implementation of the System-wide Plan of Action for African Economic Recovery and Development;
Statements were made by the representatives of Mexico (on behalf of the RIO Group) and India.
Chapter III Fundamental Rights and Duties of the Residents Article 24 Residents of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ("Hong Kong residents") shall include permanent residents and non-permanent residents.
He is reportedly busy polishing his opera skills, sparing time from another film in production which is directed by Hong Kong's Ching Siu-tung
The Division is preparing a proposal for such activities.
 5. The composition of the Court and the voting procedure to be followed in the General Assembly and in the Security Council is set out in a memorandum by the Secretary-General, issued as document A/48/432-S/26489.
The long years of civil war, systematic looting of resources and atrocities against the population have left significant scars and had a considerable impact on the stability of the whole Mano River region.
1. The subject matter of the World Conference on Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance is an important one among the activities and the goals of the United Nations.
22. Adolescents have the right to access adequate information essential for their health and development and for their ability to participate meaningfully in society.
Parties to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and to the Optional Protocol as at 19 April 2013
The Court upheld this argument because of the "interdependence of the rights of the State and individual rights".
Pending the total elimination of nuclear weapons, there was an urgent need for a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
45. Admittedly, the political act produces important effects in the sphere of international relations.
It held 228 formal meetings, of which 205 were public, in addition to 18 meetings with troop-contributing countries.
40. The Chairperson, speaking in her capacity as an expert, said that the measures described to combat stereotyping seemed to be limited to the field of education; information would be appreciated about action beyond the school.
That was the fundamental concept of the Modern House of Tokelau project: to reaffirm what worked for Tokelau -- the three villages and their traditional systems of governance -- but enhance them by providing modern advice regarding the inhabitants' modern needs.
 Regular bilateral coordination meetings between the League of Arab States and UNCHS (Habitat), as well as multilateral meetings between the League and the United Nations system in which UNCHS (Habitat) has taken an active role, have also been held.
Chief executive officers, too, want a livable world for their grandchildren.
Systematic undermining of economy and overall life in Montenegro by the Belgrade authorities was in that way partially alleviated.
6 February 2003
74. Germany appreciated the Philippines' accession to the Rome Statute and to the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and thanked it for its commitment and cooperation in the fight against trafficking in persons.
3. CBM submissions would build more confidence if they could be read and understood by all States Parties.
The CHAIRMAN said that she was well aware of the problems that time limits could cause.
But that's advertising for you, again.
Different background teachers considering resource-factors are the most variable.
The most crucial requirement is to perceive microcredit lending as part of a comprehensive programme of support to the small enterprise sector.
Conclusion The occupational hazards which possibly present in the productive of this project can be prevented, but the design of occupational disease prevention and protection need to be improved.
Or take the new FrenchpresidentNicolas Sarkozy, who abandoned his usual glossy striped ordottedtie in favour of an open collar for his first appearanceafterwinning the national election
With regard to termination of assistance, the assisting State always had the right to withdraw, and the duration of assistance should therefore not be conditioned on consultation.
The interest rate of bank's loan is higher than that of deposit or savings.
TVE will have to work fast to reinvent itself in response to the new guidelines.
On 26 February 2004, according to UNRWA investigations, four IDF soldiers in a military jeep forced an 11-year-old pupil at the UNRWA Basic Boys School in Jalazone camp inside the jeep and drove him to Doura, some four kilometres away, during which time he was slapped and struck on the head with an M-16 rifle butt.
The more important aspects are recapitulated below.
This applies mutatis mutandis to factions in a civil war which have agreed to the role and presence of the United Nations and have de facto control over territory where United Nations peacekeepers are deployed.
Someone blackballed the prospective member.
12. This rapid growth has resulted in an increasing share for developing countries of overall commodity futures and options trading: that share is currently approaching one third and is rising fast.
Hot dogssausages between bread rollscan be bought in snack bars and from hot dog stands on street comers.
117. Under the regional reconstruction and development strategy, global and regional development partners were accorded lead roles in key sectors, such as infrastructure development and promotion of the private sector (EIB and EBRD), the investment compact and the anti-corruption initiative (OECD) and overall economic framework and donor coordination (European Union and World Bank).
The responsibility could not be passed on to financial institutions.
The most important thesis in Laotzu's thought is "the Way".
If you're more inclined towards city ritz or indoor activities, skip this area and move on along to Cincinnati.
Abhinav Bindra won India's first-ever individual gold medal, in the men's 10-meter air-rifle competition.
English Sentence Love is a symphony in which the sweetest notes are kisses.
They were marginally stable, and the remaining 14 [patients] also had serious war injuries needing hospital treatment abroad.
Cuba had benefited from the cooperation that had been provided and, in turn, had been able to help other developing countries.
On 13 September 2008, at 2030 hours, the Israeli enemy shone a searchlight for one minute from the Zar'it barracks towards the Marwahin triangle and the Tarbikha gate.
He was also gravely concerned at the use of non-law-enforcement officials and non-State armed groups alongside the security forces.
A. Ministerial Declaration on Transport as a Key to Sustainable Development and Regional Integration
To have an effective mechanism is one thing, but to use it is another.
A/C.4/60/5/Add.36 Item 26 - - Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples - - Question of Western Sahara - - Request for hearing - - Letter dated 24 September 2005 from the President, International Committee for the Tindouf Prisoners, addresse,d to the Chairman of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) [A C E F R S]
And the rule that you get what you give still applies.
Responses to the list of issues and questions with regard to the consideration of the initial and second periodic reports of Niger
It is also well known that persons prominently involved in a Kurdish political party are always brought before the courts.
Consideration of copies of petitions, copies of reports and other information relating to Trust and Non-Self-Governing Territories and to all other Territories to which General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) applies, in conformity with article 15 of the Convention
And after the wind an earthquake, but the Lord was not in the earthquake.
Pakistan
They consist of networks of walled towns and smaller villages, each organised around a central plaza.
 8.12. The objectives are:
Billions of dollars were poured into destruction and military confrontation between brothers.
In Brazil, for example, cooperatives are responsible for 40 per cent of agricultural GDP, and 6 per cent of the agricultural business exports.
The materials it is built of give the tower a "high-tech" aura.
To overcome valence rate, accelerating capital have enough to meet need is the problem that urgent need solves.
Don't wait... Because you don't know how long it will take.
Taking into consideration the cultural and religious basis for the deep-rooted patterns of behaviour, in formulating its legislative and other reforms the Government had adopted a gradual approach to counter such behaviour in order to ensure effective implementation of its laws.
117. Pursuant to Commission resolution 1994/41, Mr. Param Cumaraswamy (Malaysia) was appointed Special Rapporteur.
However, new or reformed institutions promoting a system of stable exchange rates to ensure a predictable trading environment would need to become more symmetrical in their treatment of all member countries.
Togo
We're going to be reviewing how we make power using power conversion systems.
Political correctness and a fear of appearing racist were said to be the main factors in the apparent lack of patriotism in England, along with the increasing influence of the European Union.
Failure to adopt such a convention would compromise counter-terrorism efforts and might be perceived as a de facto victory by terrorist organizations throughout the world.
In addition, in view of the increased focus on oral hearings and full trials at the Dispute Tribunal, all the lawyers at the Administrative Law Practice Group have taken specialized training courses in the areas of advocacy and litigation.
Gross national income (GNI) NOK million
The same protection is enjoyed by holders of all beliefs of a non-religious nature.
The meeting was called to order at 10.25 a.m.
Introduction
The Committee also actively participated in the development of key caucuses and coalitions.
He now composed a letter in his head to Sandor Himmelstein.
India, too, has drawn up ambitious programs.
RB 50%
It has been widely recognized that the non-proliferation obligations of the NPT non-nuclear-weapon States are being successfully implemented.
The Human Rights Commission of Sierra Leone and other human rights institutions are facing enormous financial constraints which limit their capacity to comply with their tasks.
Canon law was in decline in the tenth and early eleventh centuries.
Interview with CNN underlining the tortured victims (27 May 2004) Interview with BBC (Britain) concerning Iraqi refugees Article published in Times magazine concerning Iraqi refugees Psychological characteristics for prisoners
13. At the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh ministerial meetings of the Standing Advisory Committee, the Centre made presentations on various disarmament issues concerning the subregion.
Yet that Conference was significant in its own way.
“Rather than key positions in the company being taken by the family, we should be more inclined to have the most suitable person fulfil the key positions.”
C. The role of indigenous juridical systems in facilitating access to justice 20 7
66. The first meeting was held in December 1999 to discuss the role of ESCWA in regional development at the doorsteps of the twenty-first century.
Students receiving higher education for non-academic qualifications shall be granted appropriate diplomas by their respective higher education institutions or other higher education organizations.
9. Page 22, P114(b), last amendment
In early October, police discovered the remains of four persons believed to have been abducted by the KLA in a pit close to the Volujak copper mine near Klina.
Next is a protocol-agnostic layer that provides a common way to work with the underlying transport-level protocols.
last contact of umbra
723. The mail sub-unit within the Facilities Management Service is requesting two General Services (Other level) posts, one General Service post in the pouch sub-unit and one in the mail sub-unit.
Many are exposed to weapons, drugs such as khat, and other social ills.
The objective is to attack the networks at their most sensitive point: their profits.
The anniversary appears to have had a greater catalytic impact on the United Nations system than has the Decade;
Our agent team had meetings to study this case immediately after the draft
Submission of a plan for the disarmament of the militias, including measures and timelines for the disarmament of the militias before the integration phase
9. From its inception, the after-service health insurance programme has grown substantially in terms of both the number of participants and the cost.
Objective: To investigate whether different organic solvents and the color of drugs tested can interfere the result of the MTT assay.
They actually don't need to be pruned at all but you may want to tidy them up from time to time.
This was a great step forward.but men needed more help yet from the Titan.
Introduction
(vi) a calculation based on standard procedures, including statistical analysis, using the data submitted and assumptions made in the calculations that the two areas could be expected to contain polymetallic nodules of equal estimated commercial value expressed as recoverable metals in mineable areas;
Ibrahim Farahat
Ours is an experience and a model that we would be happy to share.
Objective To study bactericidal effect of solid iodophor in operation sterilization.
945,715 static installation security/team site protection/field headquarters protection days (2,591 troops for 365 days)
American beer, with very few exceptions, varies from the mediocre() to the terrible
Passenger ? ? But the fare on the meter is NT $ 220.
Social problems continued to multiply, and the negative aspects of globalization, the detrimental impact of the international financial crisis on a large part of the world, especially Asia and Latin America, the deterioration of the environment, the violence of structural adjustment measures, the rise in indebtedness, and the proliferation of armed conflicts continued to contribute to a worsening of the socio-economic situation of the developing countries, whose annual demographic growth represented nearly 96 per cent of the global rate.
That increase included the previously recommended increase by the Commission of 0.12 per cent, as at 1 January 2013, on which the General Assembly did not take action (see Assembly resolution 67/257, sect. B).
Rule 20
53. Aid shortfalls need not derail education efforts, however.
It was not a question of allocating new resources.
Fifty-seventh session
W. Haywood Burns Environmental Education Center
Chloroplatinic acid
Amphiphilic block or graft copolymers form self-assembled, nano-sized micelle-like aggregates of various morphologies in aqueous solution.
Can you look after my valuables?
I like long vacations , but I hate the idea of going back to work afterwards.
No, sorry, I'm not interested.
The vast majority of judges are also closely associated with the Cambodian People's Party.
your position in the market if charts have deteriorated and fundamentals have not developed as you expected.
It is the collective obligation of humanity to promote education and tolerance so that there will never again be a similar tragedy.
11. Strengthen rules and regulations with regard to hatred, defamation of religions and Islamophobia (Islamic Republic of Iran) and enforce legislation on equality and non-discrimination and adopt measures to combat Islamophobia (Saudi Arabia);
Estimating total body water in neonates . [ comment ] .
Tailoring sustainable agricultural practices to agroecosystems allows for higher diversity and thus greater protection against invasive pests and extreme events. It also permits diversification of income while reducing food production's reliance on fossil fuels with their increasingly volatile prices.
Tons of wet earth and big rocks began moving down the sides of the mountain.
The President (spoke in Arabic): Today, the General Assembly starts its annual general debate.
The result shows that infrared thermal imaging technique can effectively perform the monitoring and analysis of equipment, and it supplies a very promising means of non-destructive testing.
EEC Trust Fund for dissemination of disaster preparedness tools, best practices and lessons learned in local-level risk management in Central America -- Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama
Smart is to read things in a profound way.
There is a travel agency near the front desk.
All the able-bodied manhood of Europe was drawn into the armies or navies or into the improvised factories that served them.
Agenda item 136: Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations (continued)
Sweden
(f) Avoiding overlap with existing funds (e.g. the South Sudan Recovery Fund, the Common Humanitarian Fund and the Basic Services Fund, which cover the areas of stabilization, humanitarian services and basic services, respectively);
22. The UNIDO investment to date in formulating joint PSDPs under the framework amounts to approximately $500,000.
Reichenfels
It's just a decoy, a facade, so we'll leave her alone.
(c) Development of a proposal for harmonized metadata for environment statistics;
Also, in September 2002, the local government negotiated with federal agencies to construct two additional wastewater treatment facilities on St. Croix and at Airport Lagoon.
In view of the cross-cutting nature of those and other themes addressed by the Commission under previous thematic clusters, the Working Group agreed that the Committee should contribute to the thematic cluster for 2010-2011 by targeting the following overarching issues: the role of space in transport; the use of space technology in sustainable resource management; and space solutions for sustainable consumption and production.
64. In view of the preponderance of HIV infection among injecting drug users in the region, UNDCP, together with UNAIDS, UNFPA, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Children's Fund and UNDP, has prepared projects in each of the five countries of Central Asia dealing with HIV/AIDS, sexually transmitted disease, and drug abuse.
Green is Healthy - Using green and safe products and eating sustainable, organic foods often translates into health.
He would freeze his corn in freezer bags, and it was so good!
309; including:
The fourth day is devoted to preparing the trainers to deliver a seminar on the fifth day to customs officers.
 When the number of potential candidates in each of the groups referred to in paragraph 15 (a) to (e) exceeds the number of seats available in each of those respective groups, as a general rule, the principle of rotation shall apply.
System-wide participation in the resident coordinator system
FURTHER PROMOTION AND ENCOURAGEMENT OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL
. class='class4'>dam abutment rock mass include numerical method analysis and model .
And it searched after for an up-to-date developing mentality and research visual angle for study of the nationality culture.
Moreover, from a more theoretical point of view, such statements, unlike reservations, do not concern the treaty itself or its provisions but rather, as several Commission’s members have emphasized, the capacity of the non-recognized entity to be bound by the treaty.
Footballers in Malta by club
Many people cherish the fond dream of becoming a writer but not many are able to see their dream come true.
444. The Committee notes with appreciation the contribution of the National Human Rights Commission of Korea to the reporting process.
389. The granting of licences to set up private schools and their organization and management are governed by the Act of 29 July 1991 and Decree No. 92-1187 of 22 June 1992.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General (A/68/102).
In 2004, it had joined the global non-proliferation efforts of the G-8 Global Partnership.
(a) Those nearer-term opportunities for multilateral nuclear approaches as based on voluntary participation should be considered.
The discount was very huge.
Therefore, in accordance with the established methodology, the Commission recommended an upward adjustment of 0.19 per cent in the common salary scale for staff in the Professional and higher categories with effect from 1 January 2014.
The distribution of the projected changes and the proposed final appropriation for the International Tribunal for the biennium 2006-2007 are set out in tables 1 and 2.
X. Organization of the session 105-115 35
The third part tests whether money is non - neutrality ( whether the monetary policy is effective ).
If the case is serious, the wrongdoer shall be cumulatively ordered to stop business for rectification, or have the licence revoked.锛?锛?Any unit or individual person engaged in publication distribution and renting business, or publication trading markets that, in violation of the provisions of Article 18 of these Regulations, wholesale, or purchase publications from or provide publication operation sites for units or individual persons who do not have the licence, shall have the publications and illegal gains confiscated and shall be penalized with a fine of between not less than 500 yuan and not more than 5,000 yuan.
United Nations Children's Fund
METHODS After questionnaire investigation and field test, the results were analyzed.
 45. The teams will focus on refining the allocation of resources for ongoing programmes and projects.
Objective To research the application value of direct digital radiograph ( DDR ) in nasal bone imaging.
Because you're happy for them Cause we all became so close friends.
"  And I say, "Yes, I feel wonderful tonight
Now known as the Niño Jesús mission, it has 16 maternity shelters.
Affirming that a small-scale afforestation or reforestation project activity under the clean development mechanism should directly benefit the low-income community and individuals that are project participants,
Promotion of general agreement
In that regard, Cuba rejected the attempts to amend the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space, which did not take into consideration the interests of all States, and of developing countries in particular.
[UNOG in 2000]
The reshuffling of the cabinet will have great inpact on the government policies.
Difference (surplus)/deficit
S/PRST/2001/30, S/PRST/2011/6, and resolutions 1863 (2009), 1872 (2009), 1910 (2010) and 1964 (2010)
The aim of an appropriate monitoring is to avoid insufficient fluid infusion and fluid overload.
Jack There's so much that I want to say to you, I know it's Mr. Bauer. Mr. Buchanan needs to see you.
Indexation may add depth to the investment decision-making and asset allocation of the Fund.
However, the absence of corresponding data for the period prior to 1990 makes it difficult to determine what part, if any, of the increase in investments is attributable to the presence of the refugees.
With Wayne Rooney still suffering from a broken foot, England's dreams of success in Germany could wrest on Owen's ability to hit the net.
FCCC/SBI/2006/INF.2
In this regard, support was given to the efforts made by the Secretary-General for administrative and budgetary reform to increase efficiency and effectiveness.
204. The other delegation commented on the general structure and content of the country programmes as a whole.
The country has regulations in force on the manufacture, transformation, entry, trade, use and circulation of arms and ammunition within the national territory.
A. Presentation by the State under review
Annex 2
The business-method patent in question triggers worries about the requisite qualifications of the patent examiners involved.
Citigroup, HSBC (Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation), and two other banks are entering the local retail banking market.
(ii) Aerial photographs or video of targeted positions (before and after the bombardment);
Oman Ali Nasser Seif Al-Bualy, Yakoob Al-Saidy, Khamis Salim Khamis Al-Khalili, Mahfoodh Dawood Ali Al-Balushi, Mohamed Al-Dughaishi, Ahmad Bin Said Al-Hosny
Unfortunately, web buyers are a finicky bunch.
9. Administrative and budgetary questions.
To avoid increasing inequalities, all moves towards privatization of schools systems must be a halt.
This Code punishes those who knowingly use the sexual services of victims of trafficking and also criminalizes withholding, hiding and destroying identification or travel documents, and also includes punitive measures for collective entities.
In 2009, the labour, employment and social welfare services assigned 22,900 unemployed people, including 13,000 women (56.5 per cent of the total), for vocational training, retraining and refresher courses.
Meetings of the Council: 4063 (10 November 1999); 4150 (2 June 2000).
In this regard, counsel notes that two of the witnesses were 10 and 12 years of age at the time of the events in question.
On 16 October 2012, the Council held a debate on the situation in Somalia and was briefed by videoconference by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Somalia, Augustine Mahiga.
Product and Company Showcase
Upon entry into effect on 3 October 1990 of the Unification Treaty between the GDR and the Federal Republic of Germany of 31 August 1990 the two German States were reunited.
Diamonds consistently infiltrate the diamond production of KP participants and are then issued with KPCS certificates.
The meeting was opened by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and chaired by the President of the Council.
China: 3 schools 2003-2004, 3 schools 2004-2005, 3 schools 2005-2006
The new government promised to take measures to combat crime.
GFAJ-1
There’s a great article from the Harvard Business Review that I share with many of my clients.
The UNODC operational technical assistance programme is funded by voluntary contributions from donors.
The dissenters stated that their colleagues had “brought into question the honour and dignity of [the] profession and the reputation of the judiciary in total”.
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and its Kyoto Protocol are intended to achieve stabilization of greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system.
Iranians were told that the nuclear deal concluded in 2015 would lift them out of economic hardship.
As I took the baton from Mr C.Y. Lam, the expectations from all over are immediately felt.
Project Paperclip, ironically, would use Nazi doctors to develop methods of interrogating German prisoners of war.
The effective implementation of these strategies, however, requires sustained political commitment, technical support and financial resources.
It reserved the right, however, to interpret paragraphs 8, 10, 11 and 28 in a way that was in conformity with Syrian national legislation.
87. The Advisory Committee requested information as to equipment acquired from the strategic deployment stocks.
Only medical doctors, medium medical practitioners or midwives who are authorized by the Ministry of Public Health may perform the abortion (Article 5)
The only guarantee of this, obviously, is the total elimination of nuclear weapons, as stipulated by the NPT and the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice.
We consider the signing of this accord as a conspiracy against Islam and Palestine, and we disagree with it.
Inquiry procedure (art. 20): Yes
Special Social centres are being created where women can receive advice on any issue of interest to them.
Transimpedance amplifier is used to low photodiode current into a voltage signal available.
Despite all the palm - greasing, Siemens didn't make much money.
Briefings and training should therefore be offered to programme implementers as well as programme managers.
87. Requests the Joint Inspection Unit to undertake a system-wide evaluation of the effectiveness, value added and impact of the System-wide Action Plan on Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women as a tool for performance monitoring and accountability for submission to the General Assembly following its full implementation;
Choose a time for server health to recur.
"I saw you dancing with the red headed man I ran away from.
The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology is promoting the activities of the local schools and the boards of education through such activities as the provision of guidance and seminars, organizing model programmes to solve problems of bullying and violence at school, and supporting the school counselling system.
It seems the better role.” She is separated from her husband, John Sloss, a sales agent for independent films.
I can't help laughing every time I think of that.2.
UNHCR has sought to promote solutions for persons of concern through the framework of the United Nations "Delivering as One" approach, including in Rwanda.
The 1988 Federal Constitution guaranteed the access of rural workers to retirement benefits at an age five years earlier than the retirement age for urban workers.
Leaped from the balcony   lands with a flourish.
To find the enormous resources required to rescue floundering banks, we will need to pool savings from the rest of the world.
To  learn  to ask and answer one's birthday.
The Group of 77 and China trusted that programme managers would make every effort to improve programme delivery and that they would be held accountable for consistent underperformance.
Although the ECB and the Bank of England have sounded sanguine about tightening credit, central bankers are not entirely unperturbed.
I want to convey the image of a new Iraq, one which is interested in scientific research for peaceful purposes in the service of people and their societies.
Protecting the memory of the Holocaust is an act of ensuring the future of mankind.
The new image seems to help people approach, rather than avoid, the idea of healthy eating.
Toy's Factory artists
Did you show your partner how to use the monitoring system at the safe house?
The Thirty-Fourth Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Peace, Progress and Harmony), held in Islamabad, Islamic Republic of Pakistan from 28-30 Rabi Al-Thani 1428 A.H (1517 May 2007);
Shutdown
Previous studies only examined a small number of scenarios for SRM and did not look at how those impacts would differ on regional level.
Particular attention should be paid to the circumstances surrounding the expulsion of children and women.
Rule 12
Addendum
In 1970-71 there were twice as many men as women in higher education.
The functions envisaged for redeployment from Kabul to the Kuwait Office include conduct and discipline, audit and information management functions.
D. Implementation of Montevideo Programme III
Certainly, the substantial delay of 57 months seems less surprising against a background in which the complainant tried to disqualify every reviewing official involved in his case.
A complete employee enrolment package consists of these items. To enrol an employee into your sub-scheme, download and provide your employees with
Donor assistance for population was estimated at almost $5.3 billion in 2004 and is estimated to have further increased to $6.1 billion in 2005.
The Authority appealed to the chief executives of the two institutions to continue their coordination efforts.
30. The Compliance Committee established under the Convention to identify and address problems with respect to treaty compliance at an early stage has dealt since October 2003 with a total of 10 communications from NGOs and individuals and a submission from one Government.
Subtotal
These mechanisms should focus on their specific financial role, by developing their financial expertise and strengthening their key function as providers of information on available sources of funding for the Convention.
:: Technical/polling preparations/security in place
But we really need to put the money back into the company right now. That's our priority.
Jones is among the few to have recognized the risks
Venue of the sixtieth session of the Commission
In 1996 an international women's day was held at Bettembourg under the slogan "Positive discrimination".
56. All indigenous representatives affirmed that the right to self-determination was the fundamental underlying principle of the declaration and that compliance with this right was a fundamental condition for the enjoyment of other human rights and fundamental freedoms, be they civil, political, economic, social or cultural.
The increasing number of countries and regions affected by terrorism and the ever-changing methods employed by terrorists required a coordinated global response.
The State budget of the Czech Republic for the fiscal year 2009 was approved by the Parliament of the Czech Republic in Act No. 475/2008 Call., a total amount of CZK 1,152,101,697 thousand.
While sanctions will inevitably diminish the capacity of the affected State to fund or support some of the necessary measures, the State remains under an obligation to ensure the absence of discrimination in relation to the enjoyment of these rights, and to take all possible measures, including negotiations with other States and the international community, to reduce to a minimum the negative impact upon the rights of vulnerable groups within the society.
Effects of inner-radius-to-thickness ratio of composite pipes on velocity of guided waves
When statements are delivered at a fast pace to comply with the time limit, the quality of the interpretation may suffer.
11. Notes with deep concern the recurrence of systemic problems previously identified by the Board of Auditors related to accounting for expendable and nonexpendable property, cash fund management, procurement and contract management, and in this regard stresses the need for the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors as a matter of priority;
The Ministry of Justice had also conducted a campaign to enable people who had never registered their marriage to do so, thereby ensuring that the rights and interests of the women and children in such families were protected.
He expressed concern at the suggestions contained in paragraphs 3 and 5 of the Advisory Committee's report.
"14. Calls upon all States to inspect, in accordance with their national authorities and legislation and consistent with international law, in particular the law of the sea and relevant international civil aviation agreements, all cargo to and from Iran, in their territory, including seaports and airports, if the State concerned has information that provides reasonable grounds to believe the cargo contains items the supply, sale, transfer, or export of which is prohibited by paragraphs 3, 4 or 7 of resolution 1737 (2006), paragraph 5 of resolution 1747 (2007), paragraph 8 of resolution 1803 (2008) or paragraphs 8 or 9 of this resolution, for the purpose of ensuring strict implementation of those provisions."
The reserve was $453 million at 31 December 2011.
Friday, 15 March
Naval transportation
:: Assistance in the development and the establishment of a national mechanism for coordinating, monitoring and evaluating international assistance and the implementation of the action plan for the poverty reduction strategy paper as well as of the Strategic Framework for Peacebuilding
DECISION ON ADDRESSING ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES IN OPERATIONS FOR PERSONS OF CONCERN TO UNHCR
It was the Committee's own final decision which would have to be the subject of a statement of financial implications, if necessary.
Further direction is provided in Economic and Social Council resolution 2005/50, in which ESCWA was requested to provide support to member countries in realizing the Millennium Development Goals, including by building capacities to formulate policies, monitor the progress made, measure its impact and prepare regional reports.
Conference on green and heritage tourism
Participant in the United Nations International Law Fellowship Programme, The Hague, Netherlands (July-August 2009)
That is said to reflect the fundamental inadequacy of the Jamaican legal aid system.
A wind-driven device could provide an unlimited water supply by harvesting water from the air, says its Australian inventor.
 (h) Phased deployment of military and civilian personnel on a month-by- month basis.
98.53. Launch an open dialogue with the civil society with a view to identifying and adopting further measures aimed at preventing possible abuses committed by police and security forces, and ensure that the victims and their relatives have access to fair and independent justice (Italy);
The soltys is an executive body of solectwo as the auxiliary unit of a municipality.
One delegation asked what had been the thrust of the ACC discussion on the CDF and how the CDF coincided with the mandates of the funds and programmes.
International institutions 43
Five monitoring sites have been established in Chinese forests, following the standards of the International Cooperative Programme.
49. Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the Council at its sixteenth session;
64. The third alternative combines some of the elements of the other two alternatives while also making use of funds in existing reserves.
He asks for an early call or he asks to be called early.
(vii) Income for services rendered includes amounts charged for salaries of staff members and other costs that are attributable to the provision of technical and administrative support to other organizations;
In fact what he was really looking out for when he stared distractedly into the night sky was any kind of flying saucer at all.
The inclusion of a norm detailing national implementation and monitoring structures and their functions at the national level is unprecedented in a human rights treaty.
He saw no reason to add anything.
Only the fact that the epicenter was not near a densely populated area prevented far greater casualties.
16. Mr. Raubenheimer (South Africa), Vice-Chairman took the Chair.
27. Young women and men represent 40 per cent of the 200 million jobless people worldwide and are nearly three times more likely than adults to be jobless.
(f) United Nations Development Programme;
In order to ensure that the trial would be completed within the Completion Strategy dates, while also taking into consideration due process concerns, the Pre-Trial Judge imposed a twelve-month time limit on the presentation of the Prosecution's case, which was accepted by the Prosecution.
Sheila lived at Belfast Zoo until she was moved to her unusual home in 1941 as the city underwent the so-called Belfast Blitz.
Conference on Trade and Development
General debate (continued)
Some traumatized victims prefer not to testify about the psychological torture and mock executions which they endured.
(Signed) Emyr Jones Parry
Meeting of co-sponsors of draft resolution on the arms trade treaty (First Committee) (convened by the delegation of the United Kingdom)
The smuggler in many ways is just another international businessman and his turnover would do credit to many international corporations.
137. Pirates are also increasingly resorting to the use of "mother ships" in order to extend the range and endurance of their operations.
(c) Improved humanitarian situation in the region
William Arthur Ward God is like a mirror. The mirror never changes but everybody who looks at it sees something different.
Hardware system consists of ARM 9 series S 3 C 2500, FPS 200 sensor, memories, power supply, communication interface, ...
Greenwood County, South Carolina
On the other hand, the World Bank suggested, but the Working Group did not accept, that the task force evaluate the Africa Action Plan, a comprehensive strategic framework addressing aid, trade, debt relief and role of non-State actors supporting the development of the continent's poorest countries (A/HRC/4/47, para. 27 and A/HRC/4/WG.2/TF/2, paras. 86 - 87).
Not only are those campuses far from the one in the centre of the city, but access to the latter is now restricted; the Yangon University main campus now takes only post-graduates and diploma students (5,189 in 2001).
The financial implications associated with the Commission's recommendation on an increase of the base/floor salary scale as shown in annex V are estimated at approximately $65,000 per annum system-wide.
If versions in any other United Nations official languages are available, they should be included with a clear indication of the original language and/or which language versions are to be used for reference only.
Australia advocates for all countries of the region to join the Treaty and continues to encourage the United States of America to ratify the Treaty's protocols without reservation.
The Council of the League of Arab States, meeting at the ministerial level at its resumed extraordinary session of 22 January 2012 in Cairo,
Is that a relevant factor?
Okay then, good night Charlie.
Major lessons revolve around the challenges and value of transitioning from an emergency and humanitarian-oriented response, to a more development-oriented approach.
In addition, New Zealand provided maternity leave with what could be considered "comparable social benefits" in place of pay, as provided in article 11, paragraph 2 (b), of the Convention.
Article 38 on the law of treaties between States and international organizations or between international organizations, adopted by the Commission in 1982, which later became article 38 of the 1986 Vienna Convention on Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations, reiterated this provision, including the additional phrase introduced at the 1969 Vienna Conference.
These papers are published as a monograph of "Direction for Forest Management" providing orientation and guidance.
Tuesday  Thursday
The Association contributes to the development aims of the Economic and Social Council and the United Nations through the work of its United Nations Office located in New York.
Maximum/minimum air temperature (12 May 2009, Tuesday)
He took the part home to Carrie and handed it to her with the manner of one who does a favour.
32. For example, in the shelter sector, damage to housing has been one of the greatest challenges for the humanitarian community.
Fifty-sixth session
The significant reductions in tariff rates in recent years will not only fulfill the tariff requirement of the WTO, but also meet China’s requirements for establishing a socialist market economy.
As a result of the delay in the receipt of assessed contributions, reimbursements for troop- and contingent-owned equipment costs have only been made for the period up to 30 September 2006 and 31 March 2006, respectively.
100. Since the first Development Decade, diversification had been considered an important precondition for development.
As I come to the end of my term as Permanent Representative of the State of Israel, I would like to conclude this statement on the question of Palestine on a more personal note, first of all to reiterate my unshakeable belief in Palestinian-Israeli peace, which is being challenged by everything right now, but which history and justice will cause to happen.
FACTORIES AND INDUSTRIAL UNDERTAKINGS (DRY BATTERIES) REGULATIONS (CAP . 59P)
This is demonstrated by various statistics.
Delegations were informed that the UNICEF policy on family planning remained unchanged.
Economics: The following cost structure has been reported for a 70,000 ton per year hazardous waste incineration.
Gazprom would also have to invest heavily in two pipelines that Russia has proposed to build from Siberia to China.
You've made many action films before, but things don't always go to plan; did you encounter any difficulties shooting this film?
The Committee welcomes the inclusion of the right of the child to have his or her best interests taken into account as a primary consideration in the Children's Code, but is concerned that this right remains insufficiently respected in households, schools, courts and other institutions working with or for children.
As people age, they become increasingly interested in noncontact sports.
as well as other relevant declarations and international instruments,
MILAN – Over the last 20 years, roughly a half-million Italians aged 18 to 39 have moved abroad, especially to more economically dynamic European Union countries such as Germany, France, and the United Kingdom.
The mechanical energy can be changed back into electrical energy by means of a generator ordynamo.
Inviscid flow
Twenty-second report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009
`If the Republic should demand of you the sacrifice of your child herself you would have no duty but to sacrifice her Listen to what is to follow.
[waterwheel museum] the waterwheel draws water the tool as the machinery, had nearly two millennium histories in our country.
Brad: Yes, 'cause the visitors love to feed them
The program will, inter alia, look into ways of preventing this trafficking. These include tangible plans and arrangements to protect the victims of trafficking in women and witnesses.
In addition, in accordance with current procedures for the consideration of proposed programme budgets, the Advisory Committee received voluminous supplementary information. In keeping with past practice and rule 157 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee decided that the report of the Secretary-General required an in-depth, line-by-line examination in the same manner in which the Committee traditionally treats the proposed programme budget itself.
Further expenditures, estimated at $145,000, are projected for the rest of the biennium.
What do you know about them?
He holds half share in the business.
 Some delegations found the reference to "Member States" unclear.
Submission of the dispute to the International Court of Justice.
The Clariant which in Chinese Mainland also must be abide.
Those States were Brazil and Guinea, whose initial reports were due in 1990 but had not yet been received after three and four reminders, respectively.
Revisiting the Old Hauntworld-renowned diversity a special regard nostalgic memorable utmost courtesy extensive overshadow non-governmental sector foundations mutual benefit good faith strategic relationshi
MONUC, UNAMI and UNMEE should ensure that the Receiving and Inspection Unit inspects fuel deliveries.
"Taking note of the ministerial declaration adopted at the 2008 annual meeting of Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the Least Developed Countries,
74. It is essential to enhance the quantity and quality of information about the real situation of indigenous peoples and communities, with a view to improving social policies that target them.
The great Church of the East spread the Gospel tothe farthest bounds of Asia when it was on fire with a zeal forevangelism, but when the vital spark was lost its very existencewas threatened.
Fundamentals-based investing is giving way to a frantic search for relative bargains in an increasingly overpriced financial world.
(b) The realization of the right to development;
The poison used against Merlin was made more potent by magic.
16. Decides also that the measures imposed by paragraph 15 above shall not apply:
136. At the same meeting, statements were made by the representatives of the Sudan, France (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union) and Benin.
Lucky Chocolate Toffee brings you luck.
San Felices de Buelna
The sanctions list is available on the Committee's website at http://www.un.org/sc/ committees/1267/consolist.shtml.
It noted that people increasingly adopted informal means of expressing unhappiness with Hong Kong's government, because they did not think that formal channels were sufficient.
In response to expressions of concern, the Programme had recently been modified to require a specific, detailed contract between the employer and the caregiver and to increase flexibility regarding interruptions in the caregiver's employment.
Famous new year's eve speakeasy fire During prohibition.
LONDON – In late 1979, I began work on my PhD thesis, an empirical investigation of the OPEC surplus and its disposal.
I have heard of young achievers lamenting the lack of opportunity in our country that drives them to seek jobs overseas.
In accordance with instructions received from the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, I have the honour to refer to the letter dated 5 October 2012 from the Chargé d'affaires of the Permanent Mission of Argentina (A/67/513).
The Children's Protection and Welfare Bill had further improved the child justice system.
MCT are widely used in clinical nutritional support now.
21. Reiterates its call upon the Conference on Disarmament to establish, as soon as possible and as the highest priority, an ad hoc committee on nuclear disarmament in 2014 and to commence negotiations on a phased programme of nuclear disarmament leading to the total elimination of nuclear weapons within a specified framework of time;
No (go to question 67)
The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (former Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture) has aided the establishment of classes and lectures on contemporary issues such as the creation of gender-equal society and lectures on women's issues offered by the municipal offices, and the training of Gender-Equality Promotion Advisors by the prefectural governments.
 3. Research and programmes for prevention of drug and alcohol abuse and suicide of indigenous people.
They make up one - third of the province's population.
The Assembly decided to enlarge the membership of committees to accommodate the need for adequate representation of minority communities in its functional committees, as laid down by the constitutional framework.
 Experience in the case of the FRY sanctions has shown that applications from Ukrainian firms have been considered for months, which has caused additional losses because of the delays in fulfilling contracts and additional expenses for storage of goods that were ready to be dispatched.
It is remiss of her to forget to pay the bill
 19. Before the draft resolution was approved, statements were made by the representatives of Algeria, Bulgaria and Mexico.
By number of students (more than 175,000) MUH have leading positions among institutions of higher education of Europe, CIS and the Russian Federation.
It remains to be seen whether the host countries will waive these taxes due from the organizations, or how the costs paid by them would be accounted for to avoid double payments.
I realize that harmony among family members is getting more and more important as I get older.
Programme Coordinating Board of the Joint United Nations Programme on Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (UNAIDS)
115 health professionals trained and assigned to primary health-care establishments in the different regions.
First Meeting of States Parties
We have also requested the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank to assist the Government of Pakistan in carrying out a comprehensive damage needs assessment.
(b) Substantive activities:
(c) To ensure that United Nations assistance supports capacity-building in counterpart Afghan administrations and organizations at the national and subnational levels to develop policy-making, planning, management, assessment and coordination capabilities.
As the cornerstone of such frameworks, financial intelligence units play a major role in fighting corruption, especially given that corruption-related money-laundering schemes typically use many of the same techniques as other types of money-laundering.
Therefore those responsible for deliberately denying access to persons in need should be held accountable.
Education at all levels was almost completely State-funded and was in principle free of charge for everyone, although that was likely to change in view of the current economic crisis.
Cavia
To be consistent, this needed to be done for all categories of funds, which would be impractical, given that it was a manual process and the system did not identify implementing partners".
The amplification of highly chirped pulse with broadband in in homogeneously broadening amplifier is investigated.
NEW YORK – I have just returned from Bhutan, the Himalayan kingdom of unmatched natural beauty, cultural richness, and inspiring self-reflection.
Role and authority of the General Assembly
Emphasizing the need to adopt measures to avoid accidental, unauthorized or unexplained incidents arising from computer anomaly or other technical malfunctions,
The paper resolves the hard problems of analog signal area through digital signal area by transferring the various air radiation signals received by digital channel receiver to digital signals.
VII. Other issues
Lake Jochajucho
Median Gross Annual Income
Atomic Energy Licensing Act.
In the present report, the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief, Heiner Bielefeldt, provides an overview of his mandated activities since the submission of the previous report to the General Assembly (A/67/303), including his country visits, communications and other activities.
23. All members and associate members of the Commission should be encouraged to make a regular annual contribution to the operations of the Centre.
Most States have cooperated in this procedure; follow-up tables were sent to the following countries, all of which replied, with the exception of Iran: China (follow-up table and reply: 1996, A/51/542); Pakistan (follow-up table: 1996, A/51/542; reply, A/52/477/Add.1); Iran (follow-up table: 1996, A/51/542; no reply); Greece (follow-up table: 1997, A/52/477/Add.1; reply: 1997, E/CN.4/1998/6); Sudan (follow-up table: 1997, A/52/477/Add.1; reply: 1997, A/52/477/Add.1); India (follow-up table: 1997, A/52/477/Add.1; reply: 1998, A/53/279).
His Excellency Mr. Mikhail Wehbe, Chairman of the Delegation of the Syrian Arab Republic
The Board notes that some multilateral environmental agreements may elect to rescind their relationship with UNEP and remove themselves from the financial and operational control of the Executive Director of UNEP and we urge UNEP to resolve these issues as a matter of urgency.
And many large institutions who put their money into hedge funds are feeling duped.
<http://www.un.int/belgium>
GC.14/CRP.6
 (b) payments made in connection with transactions authorized by the Government of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina with regard to persons or entities within its territory,
A/58/L.58
Make the following into negative.
II. Political process and major developments
This arsenal is a direct challenge to the sovereignty of the Lebanese State.
Spartan 75
A Ministerial Sub-Committee was set up and a country APR Focal Point established.
Article 9 When foreign ships or airborne vehicles anchor or land at places other than frontier ports in China, the persons in charge of the ships or airborne vehicles must report immediately to the nearest frontier health and quarantine office or to the local health administration department.
What he did was like a shot in the dark without result.
Mark Cuban, the dot-com billionaire who recently appeared on ABC's 'Dancing with the Stars,' says he has three wishes this holiday season: An NBA trophy for the team he owns, the Dallas Mavericks; a 32-gigabyte flash drive; and a new pair of ballroom-dancing shoes.
44. The Consulting Actuary noted further that, while it was appropriate to examine the sensitivity to adverse developments in the three key variables, the possibility of beneficial developments should also be borne in mind.
8. Welcomes the work of the United Nations Volunteers, and requests them to continue their efforts, together with other stakeholders, to raise awareness of volunteerism, increase reference and networking resources available, provide technical cooperation to developing countries, upon their request, in the field of volunteerism and enhance coordination among those operating on the ground;
In India, UNIFEM supported a ministerial forum on partnerships regarding trafficking, gender-based violence and HIV/AIDS, which resulted in the adoption of an accountability charter.
16. The Heads of State or Government while acknowledging the significant steps taken to alleviate poverty in the region, resolved to continue to combat poverty through all available means, including especially through people's empowerment.
"Elegance & Duration" is the forever commitment of AGNES.
In this context, it’s important to stress that the world economy may not be nearly as resilient as the consensus seems to believe – raising questions about whether it can withstand the challenges coming in 2018.
He may appoint a deputy to take his place at any meeting.
Moreover, policy changes are under way in 1998 that will change the shape of international economic relations in the twenty-first century and most likely strengthen them.
To request the secretariat to prepare a synthesis report(s) of the information mentioned in paragraph 8 (a) and (b) above for consideration by the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA);
Electoral assistance projects managed by UNDP country offices are typically funded through voluntary contributions by Member States that often result in multi-partner basket funds, which include national counterparts in the management structure in order to ensure greater national ownership.
Firstly, the overall design of the micro-irrigation system and the system overall framework are given.
There are probationary, fixed-term, indefinite and permanent appointments under the 100 series; short-term, intermediate and long-term appointments under the 200 series; and short-term appointments and appointments of limited duration under the 300 series.
Article 108. Priority of rights of certain licensees of intellectual property
Conduct and Discipline Team
Mary is experimenting with different typewriters to see which one suits her best.
170. The aim of this legislation is to achieve equal treatment for old-age and retirement pensions in terms of income tax.
loan officer loan outstanding
Gazelle SA 342
Organizations may have to implement network optimization initiatives or to install satellites in some country offices before ERP can be implemented.
Bulgarian health and safety regulations are still rudimentary.
It'showed people something material, an activity of a selective attitude and positive emotions.
History of Chongqing
47. Mr. Mejdoub (Tunisia), addressing agenda items 98 and 99, noted that the social goals embodied in the Millennium Declaration testified to a determination to make the right to development a tangible reality, but that the responsibility for development must be shared, falling as much to individual States as to the international community as a whole.
As it stood, the paragraph made no sense in the Spanish text.
AN ANGRY WIFE'S PRAYER A man is so addicted to gambling that he often comes home late. His wife never stops railing at him.
603. The strategy pursues the following objectives: to reduce the economic and social gaps affecting women in their diversity by increasing their skills and opportunities, in order to improve their quality of life and reduce poverty, and to develop a well-coordinate set of services-transfers and options for women living in poverty, bearing in mind their life cycle and special situation, as an integral part of the network of social safety nets for reducing and overcoming poverty.
Indeed, when it comes to energy efficiency – measured in terms of the number of computations per energy unit on “unstructured” data – the human brain performs roughly 10,000 times better than the best man-made machines.
The doctor fastens the pinhead with rubberized fabric.
The CPC and the Chinese people are unswervingly pressing ahead with an all-round and coordinated development of socialist material, political and cultural civilization and the building of a harmonious society, continuously studying new situations and new problems arising in the course of the building of political democracy, exploring and creating new mechanisms and new ways to ensure that the people become the masters of the country, and developing socialist political democracy under prescribed leadership, step by step and in an orderly way in line with the objective law of the development of socialist political democracy.
Notice that the annotations are similar, but the actual element and attribute names are different.
Wakame should be present in your anti aging skin care product.
Sustainability 82-96
The immediate goal is to remain committed to stabilizing the international political situation and to establish a strong international alliance to achieve development and social justice.
The headmaster ruled the school with a stern discipline.
 (b) Steam power stations, coal mines, and hydroelectric power stations;
Mr Calabro said there was already a surplus of fuel oil in the market, in particular in Singapore, but also in the US, where inventories are 25 per cent higher than normal.
It is unavoidable for people to feel a little upset.
36. The Chair of the twenty-ninth session of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting, Mr. Jim Osayande Obazee (Nigeria), presented the reports of the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth sessions to the Commission.
Member of expert and advisory groups both related to research projects (unaccompanied minors, survivors of genocide, female asylum-seekers in reception centres) and in relation to strategy and implementation of care and health services (ex.
Some parties, including the five that had initiated the draft annex mentioned above, proposed the convening of a meeting in 1993 before the next Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting in order to continue the urgent examination of the issues identified in recommendation XVI-13, that remained pending.
73. Responses to the questionnaire sent to African countries and United Nations agencies, as part of the evaluation, explain why most Governments, no matter however many subregional economic groupings they have joined, have shown little real political commitment to genuine cooperation and integration.
I think it turns you on.
At the United Nations five-year review of the Programme of Action, it was agreed that "in circumstances where abortion is not against the law, health systems should train and equip health-service providers and should take other measures to ensure that such abortion is safe and accessible".
Mindful of the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights, in particular those contained in Part I, paragraph 20, and Part II, paragraphs 28 to 32, of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action,
The Support Fund of the Northern Dimension Environmental Partnership represents another example of a regional or subregional mechanism with a potential window for chemical management activities, such as in relation to persistent organic pollutants.
Invalidity benefits
The organization also worked with World Wide Fund for Nature International on the development of integrated standards (environmental and social) in aquaculture.
The budget for 2007/08 was a maintenance-level budget based on the existing mandate and existing number of military and police personnel. The Secretariat would examine the budgetary implications of the new mandate and inform the General Assembly accordingly if changes in resource levels were required.
10. Progress in strengthening the legal framework for gender equality had significantly reduced the barriers hindering application of the principle of equal treatment for women and men.
Improvement of health (including by fighting HIV, malaria and tuberculosis)
India 51 - 56 15
State election officials reported a huge voter turnout on Tuesday.
This consultative body was comprised of adult learner representatives, a representative of the business community, representatives of nongovernmental literacy organizations and members of government departments with a mandate to address literacy matters.
They have more business than they can do now
If there are indications, however, that lead to the suspicion of violation of official duties, section 17 (1) of the Federal Disciplinary Act (Bundesdisziplinargesetz) provides that such a disciplinary proceeding is to be commenced; this could lead to removal from service and loss of the status as an official.
In this connection, Ghana is a member of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Objective of the Organization: To improve management, ensure optimum use of available resources and achieve greater coordination between the participating organizations of the United Nations system.
A pilot project to establish joint community-based complaint mechanisms on sexual exploitation and abuse is being developed, beginning with Haiti, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Ethiopia.
Mother often came around me to her way of doing things.
This year, an innovative feature, "NEPAD monitor", regularly highlights new progress.
Nearly three - quarters of all Chinese men are smokers.
It is further concerned that trafficking of children is not a separate offence under the law, despite the wide scope prevalence of the phenomenon.
The downtown district is very congested
Is a infectious protein without nucleic acid.
 There are polio-free zones in the Americas and Southern and North Africa, and the incidence in Asia is significantly low.
Although Government efforts targeted all Canadians, including the groups in question, specific steps were being taken by federal ministries, including the Ministry of Indian and Northern Affairs, in order to support economic development, improved housing conditions, access to safe drinking water and educational and social programmes for aboriginal families.
 The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina remains dangerous.
70. Once light had been shed on those questions, the population of the Cayman Islands had begun to insist that the Government put all its cards on the table and ensure that the much-vaunted White Paper entitled "Partnership for Progress and Prosperity: Britain and the Overseas Territories" be turned from a declaration of partnership in name into a basis for genuine partnership in fact, with the Cayman Islands afforded the same conditions as other Territories and able to plan and organize the Territory's political and economic life for the benefit of future generations.
The Council, under rule 37 of its provisional rules of procedure, invited the representatives of Albania, Germany and Serbia, at their request, to participate in the consideration of the item without the right to vote.
United Nations Conference
"How can you be so sure
Additionally, a third platoon for the Force Headquarters Company was created by pooling manpower with effect from 19 October.
We can then take the necessary actions to remove those problems.
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat
43. Recommendation 2 (a): The Secretary-General, in consultation with the Administrator of UNDP and concerned Member States, should submit to the General Assembly, at its fifty-fourth session, an evaluation report on the implementation of Assembly resolution 50/131 of 20 December 1995 and on the need to maintain the United Nations Educational and Training Programme for Southern Africa (UNETPSA) as a separate programme with an expanded geographical coverage.
You deserve the gems of royalty for your perseverance and creativity, your devotion and talent.
Foreign buyers, used to inexpensive Chinese products and nervous about economic weakness at home, are often refusing to pay more.
Emphasizing that globalization should be based on the principles of sustainability and inclusiveness, the delegation of Malaysia stated that efforts to steer development should include cooperation in the areas of trade and human capacity development.
The Registrar shall comply with regulation 5.5 within thirty days of the decision by the Assembly of States Parties approving the budget and the level of the Working Capital Fund.
The chip is messed up again, but I can fix you.
The level indicator coverage shall cover the control range plus any alarm or shutdown levels.
 Even though all the mission's regional interlocutors expressed their full support for the sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence of Afghanistan, such perceptions should be of concern to the international community.
The ICT regionalization initiative is expected to produce tangible financial cost reductions for the four established field missions located in close geographical proximity to each other (UNIFIL, UNDOF, UNFICYP and UNTSO).
6. Recommends that attention continue to be given to improving the extent of the participation of indigenous peoples in planning and implementing the activities of the Decade in order to implement fully the Decade’s theme, “Indigenous people: partnership in action”;
However, when it was introduced to China and translated into Chinese in the early decades of twentieth-century, it was evolved into a fairy tale.
A. Human Rights Council Advisory Committee
Maggie didn't speak, waiting for him to go on.
29B.8 As Chair of the IPSAS Steering Committee, the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts provides guidance and facilitates decision-making on key issues to ensure support for IPSAS from the Organization.
Item 10(b)(i) National communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention
I congratulate the members of the Panel for work well done.
I was alone, packing a rifle, a thermos of coffee and three thick sandwiches.
Combine the earrings with the matching pendant or bangle for a sophisticated look.
By the time when the periodic report was submitted, the Constitution of Georgia did not allow foreign nationals to become citizens of Georgia.
∙ To organize meetings and seminars on relevant issues in cooperation with the RAP Regional Coordinating Unit and publish the results of these consultations, as well as information relating to the main questions of interest to the network;
Parties are invited to recall decision 36/CP.7 and to give active consideration to the nomination of women for elective posts in any body established under the Convention or its Kyoto Protocol.
Delegations were also requested to submit copies of instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval, or accession, including, where appropriate, texts of declarations and reservations, and, as necessary, full powers to the Treaty Section by Monday, 13 September 2004, for verification.
Some price liberalization in the energy sector means oil and gas companies may be able to maintain better margins as their costs rise.
Most of the evacuation transports were able to escape Imperial pursuit and regroup elsewhere, ensuring the Rebellion's survival.
The fact that 64.2 percent of the respondents indicated that either nothing at all or something positive happened to the bad leader is rather remarkable -- remarkably disturbing, wrote the study's authors, Anthony Don Erickson, Ben Shaw and Zha Agabe of Bond University in Australia.
Arrears
35. The freedom to set high patentability criteria and exclude certain inventions is an important tool that countries can use to address evergreening and ensure that patents are granted only to genuine inventions in the pharmaceutical field.
Some of the programmes and zone offices had utilization rates below 50 per cent at the end of October 2007.
Argentina
A certain margin of discretion is left to States parties to devise a system of maternity leave benefits which fulfils the requirements of the Convention.
15. 1983 EUMT - Convention for the Establishment of a European Organization for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT)
It has also developed the Agri-Gender Statistics Toolkit for the production of sex-disaggregated agricultural data.
Did you know that your father just redeployed the Combat Air Patrol?
High Representative
5. Oprius - Sales and Contact Management Software for Independent Sales Consultants
I didn't want to lose the kind, gifted boy with an easy smile and ready sense of humor who loved Gandhi as a 6-year-old.
(q) "Solicitation document" means a document issued by the procuring entity, including any amendments thereto, that sets out the terms and conditions of the given procurement;
We must consider it [ their suggestion ] very carefully.
The alternative is when you dream about remodeling or reconstructing a space.
70. It was stated that expulsion should be based on legitimate grounds, such as public order and national security, as defined in the domestic laws of the expelling State.
     Chapter VIII Supplementary Provisions Article 74   If the law has stipulated a time limitation of arbitration, such provisions of the law shall apply.
"Me to go with her!
50. The situation in Libya (22 February 2011; 16 December 2013).
Helen Fisher, a researcher at Rutgers University, and the author of a new book on love*, suggests it comes in three flavours: lust, romantic love and long-term attachment.
The seizures, valued at $602 000, were found concealed inside a coffin carried by the vehicle.
50. It was so decided.
They praised her for being smart, confident, independent and ambitious.
The visit took place from 20 to 26 September 1998 and was carried out by two members of the Working Group, its Chairman, Mr. Ivan Tosevski (the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) and Mr. Diego García-Sayán (Peru).
At that meeting, an overall idea of a clearing house for such projects was launched and, in 1995, the HEUNI Database on International Projects in Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice in Central and Eastern European Countries was established pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1995/12.
Citric acid
Although as of mid-1998 a relatively small number of Guinea-Bissau’s one million inhabitants had crossed into neighbouring countries, the risk of a refugee outflow has been constantly increasing since hundreds of thousands of displaced persons are without adequate food, drinking water and medical care.
They often have to rely on a middleman, such as a carpet broker, to feed mouths at home.
The report stresses that poverty eradication and the objective of promoting equity and equality, at both the national and international levels, should continue to be the overarching goals that guide ACC in contributing to the development of a focused global agenda, based on the outcomes of global conferences.
41. Ms. Gribincea (Republic of Moldova) said that her country had centres for refugees, to whom assistance and services were provided in cooperation with NGOs, but that she would like to address that issue later and in greater detail.
Statements were made by the representatives of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Bolivia (on behalf of Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica (representing the Central American countries), Ecuador, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela and Bolivia), Japan and Indonesia.
A careful study of linguistics will be helpful to our study of English.
Eating all that meat might make you thirsty so you might want to order some wine.
No, of course you haven't. You've hidden it somewhere.
In 1993, the name has been changed again to the present name.
Kids,when you're in a relationship, What do you think?
It also showed that another reason why there is a high rate of unemployment is too few job vacancies  to be offered .
48. Mr. Abdelaziz (Egypt) said that, in any discussion of the current agenda item, Egypt was always keen to assert that the Palestine refugees had inalienable rights, which had been reaffirmed in General Assembly resolution 194 (III), and which included the right to return to their homes and property, or the right to compensation if they chose not to return.
Neville Chamberlain ( 1869 - 1940 ), British prime minister ( 1937 - 1940 ).
I grew up with parents who escaped during the brutal years of the Papa Doc regime.
45. The Special Rapporteur welcomed the decision by the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court to make the Democratic Republic of the Congo the first State to be the subject of his investigations and has said that the decision would ensure that justice was done in the most murderous international conflict since the Second World War.
In 2005 its report on women's rights (CEDAW/C/PRK/1) was considered by CEDAW at its thirty-third session, and the recommendations of the Committee (see CEDAW/C/PRK/CO/1) are borne in mind by this study.
We are convinced that comprehensive mission planning, a more effective early warning system and preventive measures, as supported by the Security Council declaration on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, would go a long way to address and contain such dangers more effectively.
where goods or services can be procured from only one supplier;
In addition, they write due diligence reports on other teams' projects.
These two countries do not in fact have much to quarrel about.
He said patent filings by China groups had shot up, especially for utility model or “mini” patents that are relatively easy to obtain but difficult to defeat in court.
He prayed feverishly for God to rescue him,  and every day he scanned the horizon for help,  but none seemed forthcoming
I have to be a saint in my way and you in yours.
Höchstenbach
Ninth Session
Smith: Well, I'll accept the price and place an initial order of 10,000 units.
disqualification.
In autumn 2006 the Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs presented a report containing a study on women who were turned away from crisis centres.
UNIDO's ambitious programme development drive required the build-up of commensurate delivery capacities.
Humans have vast karma for over consumption and pollution of the sea.
Instead, downward pressure has continued because of overcapacity and a slowdown in the pace at which consumers upgrade their electronics.
Violent extremists claiming to act in the name of Islam have hit many countries around the world, before and after the attacks on America of September 11, 2001.
All comments and suggestions about the Journal are welcome.
In that regard, the Commission's consideration of the two substantive items before it -- namely, ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament and practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional arms -- is meaningful.
Police Division
Ms. Gottemoeller (United States of America): I am indeed going to make a shortened version of my statement.
The joy of the prisoners was almost overwhelming
The Palestinian Authority's manipulation of children, which has been extensively documented in the media, constitutes a reprehensible violation of every international treaty and convention meant to protect children in situations of armed conflict.
note: the satellite images clearly showed the overall destruction area of the hillfire. Verification of the actual destruction area and species of tree burnt down have to be carried out by field survry.
United Nations
All designated members of the working group attended the meetings.
This should be the cornerstone for the roll-out and communication of risk management across an organization.
The American Revolution represents the link between the seventeenth century, in which modern England became conscious of itself, and the awakening of modern Europe at the end of theeighteenth century.
I would be happy to respond to your questions.
25. Pursuant to paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 62/269, the Under-Secretary-General for Management is currently reviewing provisions for inclusion in an administrative instruction on gifts and hospitality and the further promulgation of the zero tolerance guidelines on gifts and hospitality from vendors to include all staff members that are involved in all aspects of the acquisition of goods and services for the United Nations.
30. Some of the most prominent examples include "public morality" laws that have been used selectively against those promoting LGBTI rights.
The level of detail and transparency in reporting has demonstrates an improved improvement over compared to the reporting in the second national communicationsNC2.
Foreign trade in military materials
Nevertheless there were enough basic medicines.
This is also the Commission's own interpretation of the relevant Treaty.
The matador profiled, his thin silver blade raised.
The Chairperson of the Working Group will present the results of these consultations to an informal plenary meeting of the General Assembly, no later than 1 February 2009, for endorsement before commencement of intergovernmental negotiations not later than 28 February 2009.
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 17 (see A/66/438, para. 2).
The overwhelming support for the Treaty and its early entry into force has been expressed by the United Nations General Assembly and other multilateral and regional organs and initiatives, which have called for signature and ratification of the Treaty as soon as possible, and have urged all States to remain seized of the issue at the highest political level.
Castiel, Switzerland
To summarize the existing research of the soft budget constraint, we can find that most of them use the dis-cooperate game theory to analyze, and mostly concentrate on the government and enterprise.
We were merely joking; drink to his health, he added, filling Caderousse's glass, and do not interfere with us.
The panel said that the project in Indonesia shows some important elements of innovative financing, referring to the various interventions in the value chain, such as transfer and development of technologies, business creation, financing facilities, enabling policy and regulation and the involvement of the public and private sectors.
Among those surveyed,23 percent of men versus 12 percent of women said they were single.Online polls tend to be brutally honest, said Simpson, noting that there was no one on the other end of the phone to deal with.I wonder if men are fooling themselves, thinking, well there's no one to prove whether I'm singleornot.
Video footage of alleged slave auctions in Libya underscored the continuing chaos there amid the complete breakdown of the Libyan state.
C. Science and Technology 12
 19. The documents prepared by the secretariat for the current session of the Board amply demonstrated the depth and breadth of knowledge and analysis available in UNCTAD.
Another way to look for a job is to do an internship, this.
What you say does not accord with the fact.
The cost of having services exposed on GDSs may be prohibitively high for SMEs, leaving them with no access to this marketing tool.
You can conveniently and swiftly remit your foreign exchange fund to any account of other cities or foreign countries
Participants also called upon the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to review the human resource requirements of the Division for Africa, Least Developed Countries and Special Programmes and to report to the next regular session of the Trade and Development Board with a plan to provide the Division for Africa, Least Developed Countries and Special Programmes with adequate resources, while respecting UNCTAD's agreed overall budget level.
Activities addressing multiple topics
It was one of those accidents which are always occurring, and which seem to form a part of the mysterious stage-setting of mournful scenes.
Table 24.13 Objectives for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
A separate report looked at the differences last year in health care for different groups in society.
25 July 2007
15 Nov. 2005
Is this my daughter-in-law?
Facing these new regional developments, we should follow the trend of the times, strengthen coordination and take up the challenges together so as to achieve lasting peace, development and prosperity for the region.
betty blue, hog-tie this man.
d.2.2 Promoting a joint position, both in the negotiation of an inter-American convention for the prevention and elimination of terrorism and in international forums in which there is participation as a region.
Illegal medical advertisements also dropped from 60.63 percent in the previous year to 1.41 percent after tightening administration to avoid advertisements misleading patients
C. Contribution of civilian private security services to crime prevention and community safety
When considering reports of States parties, and in particular in its concluding observations, the Committee recommended that States parties take the necessary measures, including legislative amendments, to ensure that migrant workers and members of their families can enjoy economic, social and cultural rights and notably the right to form and join trade unions.
Joseph Ingram, the former World Bank Special Representative to the United Nations and the World Trade Organization, further stated that monitoring and accountability cannot be achieved without an explicit reference to the principle of progressive realization, which is currently missing in the draft guiding principles.
And now the professor of botany presented himself, one who could explain his knowledge in black and white.
Addendum -- Report of the Working Group on Elements of Crimes: War Crimes (article 8)
Factors other than drought must therefore be considered when looking at the causes and consequences of climate variability, particularly in developing countries.
She has cast her old friends aside.
We didn't see him at the lecture yesterday. He can't have attended it.
Do you have everything?
 However, in this draft statute there are a number of points which are questionable in the light of the principle of nullum crimen sine lege.
But although reading occupies much more time and teachers and students make greater efforts, the result is not satisfactory.
Following the adoption of the report, the Chairman encouraged all States that had not yet done so to ratify and implement the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
Article 15
21. Encourages the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, the World Tourism Organization and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote their global campaign urging travellers to support the fight against trafficking in persons, especially women and girls;
• Emergency assistance for victims of gender-based violence, including in situations of armed conflict.
The coordinator on follow-up was invited by the Government of Ireland to conduct a visit from 21 to 23 June 2006 in order to discuss and assess the measures taken by the State party in order to follow up on the Committee's conclusions and recommendations.
Assessment visits carried out to Bangladesh, Ghana, Mongolia and Togo
"As the auditorium was overcrowded, many students had to listen through the windows, " Huang said.
They threatened him and physically ill-treated him.
For its part, UNAMID concentrated its efforts on engaging Government authorities and the various armed groups in the affected areas to gain access to enhance security for the civilian population and open humanitarian space.
The count rang, and a footman appeared
The portable type of isotopic radiogenic X-ray fluorescence analysis is a kind of method of instrumental analysis without the destructive effect on the samples.
France contributes 390 million euros per year in budget support to developing countries through the European Union.
She thought hard, and she found a way at last.
At the thirty!fifth session of the Working Party, some members felt that it would be appropriate for the secretariat to explore the possibility of involving the private sector, where feasible and appropriate, in the implementation and financing of UNCTADs technical assistance programmes, duly taking into consideration the financial rules and regulations of the United Nations.
The observer for the Holy See also made a statement.
1.73 In paragraph 4 of Security Council resolution 1888 (2009), the Council requested the Secretary-General to appoint a Special Representative to provide coherent and strategic leadership and to work effectively to strengthen existing United Nations coordination mechanisms and to engage in advocacy efforts with Governments, including military and judicial representatives, as well as with all parties to armed conflict and civil society, in order to address, at both Headquarters and country level, sexual violence in armed conflict, while promoting cooperation and coordination of efforts among all relevant stakeholders, primarily through the inter-agency initiative entitled "United Nations Action against Sexual Violence in Conflict".
52. Zambia
Change must affect the daily lives of people.
1. Opening of the Congress.
The Strategic Plan for the Implementation of the Basel Convention aims to assist parties to the Basel Convention to achieve the environmentally sound management of hazardous waste and other wastes, emphasizing the minimization of such wastes and the strengthening of capacity-building.
Hence, besides being factually incorrect, the reference in question covers events that occurred prior to the United Nations sanctions on arms embargo.
He thus intends to follow up on the work initiated on the matter and on the identification of specific cases and new jurisprudence in the framework of his thematic reports, as well as in the context of his country visits.
21. Ms. Patten, referring to article 14, asked if the pilot programme to offer voluntary social insurance in a number of rural localities had been evaluated, and if it had been extended to other localities.
Analyze Briefly the Difference between " Native Soil Novel " and " Countryside Subject Novel "
Paragraph 1 - I lifted the brackets around "fiftieth" and deleted "thirtieth" as an option
Regular meetings and dialogue among political actors, political parties and civil society
By not enforcing labour standards, thus permitting unscrupulous employers to operate, Governments tend to create conditions that are extremely hostile to legitimate and socially and environmentally aware employers and landowners.
Change(%) 06-08
The School of Continuing and Professional Studies, The Chinese University of Hong Kong
For this day, you have staked your lives and youth.
This is a typical reflection of the matriarchal system.
In it, he notes that this is based on a post by Chris Sterling, and added a few links of his own.
 They noted with satisfaction the invitation from the Chairman of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation sent to the country holding the CEI chairmanship to attend its Meeting of Foreign Ministers on 9 December in Sofia and recommended acceptance of it.
 Her delegation looked forward to the summary of the discussion during the Special Committee's next session, of the revised version of the proposal.
The Development Group suggested that the high-level dialogue should benefit from a structured agenda, based on the six areas covered in the Monterrey Consensus, taking one theme every year to develop consensus among the stakeholders of the Monterrey process.
She would like to know the criteria for choosing NGOs to work in rural areas and whether their efforts had been successful.
While Yao's new understanding of dominating the paint is making Rockets fans squeal with joy, it's making his opponents quiver with fear.
provide security education and technical training for the staff concerned
Thank you very much ( very, very much) (ever so much) (most sincerely) (indeed) (from the bottom of my heart).
26. Requests the United Nations system to improve its coordination of disaster recovery efforts, from relief to development, inter alia, by strengthening institutional, coordination and strategic planning efforts in disaster recovery, in support of national authorities;
That represented a serious blow to the current system of international judicial assistance in criminal matters.
7. The CHAIRMAN agreed that the insertion of the word "technically" could make the article easier to understand.
Influenza and pneumonia
France was in favour of a number of measures designed to strengthen the non-proliferation regime, including recognition of IAEA comprehensive safeguards agreements and additional protocols as a verification standard (France and the other European Union countries had concluded additional protocols on 30 April 2004) and a strengthened multilateral system with a stronger role for the Security Council.
Total, Travel On official business SUB-CONTRACT COMPONENT
This is beyond dispute the best book on the subject.
The choice of the form of academic instruction and the role of experience, personal study and other preparation in the individual learning process is a matter that is left to each country to determine as it sees fit.
Sporobolus
5. Ms. Corti said that the Committee would need to discuss what course of action to take regarding Ms. Ferrer Gómez's absence.
We have reached a point where we are no nearer to Security Council reform.
Consequently, the Convention prevails over national legislation in the event of a conflict between them.
However, in case the member is contributing less than five years, the amount is pro rated depending on the frequency and amount of contribution.
In connection with the above-mentioned issues, may I suggest that consideration be given to having a standing agenda item on the follow-up to the agreed conclusions of the Council’s high-level and coordination segments, and to its resolutions, as part of the agenda of your Commission.
(a) Giving punishment and increasing fines to perpetrators;
ITALY
trace n. Have you any proof that you were at the cinema but not on the spot from 8 oclock to 10 oclock last night
When it is returned the water is warmer than it was originally. Warm water does not hold as much oxygen as cold water, so it harms animals
8.3 Concerning the allegations relating to the "practice of torture" and the "impunity of the perpetrators of torture", the State party considers that the complainant has not presented any evidence to support his claims.
This limits availability of free floating shares.
The 40,000 Armenians of Azerbaijan's third largest city, Ganja, were also forcibly removed from their homes.
They also urged Iran to honor the United Nations demands to stop enriching uranium and open its nuclear program to international inspectors.
OSCE/ODIHR stated that the Law on Political Parties prohibited organization of parties based on ethnic origin, gender and religion.
 The PRESIDENT: We have thus concluded the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration of the Four Nations on General Security of 30 October 1943.
Policies or practices having the same intention or effect, such as, for example, those restricting access to education, medical care, employment or the rights guaranteed by article 25 and other provisions of the Covenant, are similarly inconsistent with article 18.2.
Documentation
A/66/17
The plans are divided into comprehensive plans and special plans.
UNSOA expanded its logistical and administrative support to UNSOM as UNSOM increased its presence from 79 to 217 authorized personnel and opened new offices in Baidoa and Kismaayo in addition to the offices it inherited from the United Nations Political Office for Somalia in Nairobi, Garowe and Hargeisa.
The NGO Pre-Excom meeting last week was lively and constructive.
We hae the offer ready for you.
Statements were made by the following panellists: Anders Persbo, Verification Research, Training and Information Centre; Pavel Podvig, UNIDIR; and Jean Pascal Zanders, European Union Institute for Security Studies;
He looks down at the gape void at his feet. coupled relationship between created and natural fractures and its implication to development
One life is all.
How to commune with him I will teach you.
Riedseltz
Facts confirm that the intentional slaughter of the Khojaly town civilians on 25 and 26 February 1992 was directed towards their mass extermination only because they were Azerbaijanis.
A brief talk on how to strengthen the developmental aftereffect of salt industry
[This item could be further clarified, see explanatory note 4]
The Special Rapporteur should not politicize his mandate by serving the interests of those parties that sought to destroy efforts towards peace in the Sudan.
Projects with an indigenous component take place in many countries with which FAO has an ongoing collaboration and where indigenous communities are present.
We should be diligent in our studies. It will better prepare us to enter the international arena in which competition is becoming increasingly intense.
Kayak
The results of the workshop, in the form of proposed guidelines for establishing environmental baselines and for subsequent environmental monitoring are to be submitted to the Legal and Technical Commission during the eleventh session (see ISBA/II/LTC/WP.1).
I'm afraid you're right.
Recommendation The Council could invite the Commissions to continue to provide concise, action-oriented input to its annual high-level segment.
Where developing countries have comparative advantage, they frequently have no preferences at all – for example, the United States’ general system of preferences (GSP) excludes clothing.
Given the time constraints and the breadth of coverage in earlier interventions, I will limit myself to commenting on three points, illustrated by three case studies.
Live or die, Troy. Make your choice.
Wednesday, 12 October 2005, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room B.
1. the copy or copies made must not be for re-sale or commercial distribution purpose
Our organization has recently received reports from partners in Chile, Colombia, Guatemala, Guyana, the Philippines, Turkey and Zimbabwe, among other countries, outlining the numerous ways in which the rights of transgender people, as well as the rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual people, are violated.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1540 (2004)
The national space agency of Pakistan SUPARCO had been operating the Pakistan Mission Control Centre since 1991, as well as the Pakistan local user terminal of the International Satellite System for Search and Rescue, which was a ground services provider for disaster management support.
It has also added a new layer of managers to help train and instruct engineers.
Foreign direct investment (FDI) has exhibited the largest trend increase and has also shown greater stability.
In cases of varicose veins, short periods of sitting in postures such as Vajrasana may be beneficial.
269. The SNDIF programme on Prevention and Comprehensive Services for Pregnancy in Adolescence aims to prevent and deal with the risks of social exclusion arising from pregnancy and unplanned maternity in adolescence.
25. The six-week UNU intensive core courses are part of the UNU-ISP Master of Science in Sustainability, Development and Peace degree programme.
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General met with the President on the peace process on a quarterly basis and with the Vice President and Ministers from the Government of National Unity and the Government of Southern Sudan on a monthly basis.
A well-developed transportation network is essential to Taiwan's export-oriented economy
It's called freedom and also called alone.
General enquiries about the Congress may be directed to Ms. Maureen McGregor (e-mail: maureen.mcgregor @cicp.un.or.at)
So he asked the angel to draw the sheep back and built a big house for him.
while their Crosses attack in the dark of night,
I mustnt forget them any more.
Vice-Presidents:
:: Commission on Population and Development, 30 March to 3 April
As the United Nations Secretary-General justly pointed out at the first session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity in Cairo in July 1964:
At 1030 hours two Iranian patrol boats, each with six men on board armed with GC rifles, attacked an Iraqi naval patrol vessel as it was carrying out its patrol duties.
He also submits a copy of his police record.
This mandate must surely extend to the attitude of States and international organizations to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
rr The Committee invited the State party to submit its sixth periodic report, which was due in October 2004, and its seventh periodic report, due in October 2008, in a combined report in 2008.
Furthermore, only 973 items, or 44 per cent of the total items declared as surplus, were in good condition.
25. The Baltic Sea research project, entitled "Chemical Munitions, Search and Assessment" (CHEMSEA) was partly financed by the European Regional Development Fund.
In sub-Saharan Africa, these elements must be brought together to launch a twenty-first century African green revolution commencing in 2005.
Furthermore, the regulatory framework should be receptive to small enterprises.
Marry married in haste and repented at leisure.
I wish you the best of luck.
But then they end up with self-contained, monolithic systems on which those business processes have to run.
Those assumptions are embodied in good jurisprudence. What we see coming out of the U.
 250. In the course of 1993, the activities of the Centre for Human Rights at Geneva underwent a significant expansion in the five main areas of its work: research, standard-setting and prevention of discrimination; implementation of international standards; special procedures; communications; and advisory services and information.
7. The Committee notes that the indigenous peoples and Afro-Honduran communities (especially Garifuna and English-speaking Afro-Hondurans) are particularly badly affected by poverty and social exclusion.
Armed police with Segway personal transporters have also been deployed, although sceptics have suggested this particular form of transport, which requires riders to stand upright, could prove a tactical disadvantage in a terrorist incident
Traditional knowledge
Every year about 50 percent of the people undergoing the education-through-labor program have their term reduced or are released ahead of time.
The Smiths lived in the apartment above ours.
The United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, the universality of which is still not satisfactory, does not sufficiently address the problem of arms trade responsibility.
Developing the legal framework of accountability for extrajudicial executions
The representative of Colombia agreed that foreign investment was an engine for growth and development as well as poverty reduction.
According to counsel, these statements were presented to the complainant by Egyptian officials during an interrogation.
Paragraph 1 of Article 4 of the Law establishes that a public agency may be founded by state or municipal institutions and other persons that are not seeking any profit from the agency activities, after concluding an agreement on the setting up of a public agency.
a white-suited man with a salesman's grin asks as he gives me a nudge.
Climate change has become a challenge to the international community. Hong Kong is determined to join hands with the international community to rise to this challenge. We have already implemented a string of measures to combat climate change. We will continue to build on what we have been doing and take further actions to mitigate and adapt to the impact of climate change.
They are faced with new, common tasks in this struggle.
While table 45 shows the broad relationship between programme volume and field support, the level of the latter is determined also by the need to maintain a stable presence to cope with fluctuating volumes and changing priorities.
Permit me to ask, to what extent have these obvious climate changes been influenced by incursions into space from planet Earth, or for that matter by ecological imbalances caused by industrialization?
Reduced transaction costs involved in the production, purchase and sale of goods and services;
For example, in Guinea the bottom fifth of households receives 5 per cent of school expenditure and the top fifth receives 44 per cent, while in Costa Rica, the bottom fifth receives 18 per cent and the top fifth 20 per cent; the poorest fifth of the population receives 4 per cent of total health expenditures in Guinea, compared with 30 per cent in Costa Rica (Castro-Leal et al., quoted in Mehrotra et al., 1999).
European route E10
Inquiry procedure (arts. 8 and 9): Yes CAT
* E/CN.3/2013/1.
The addicted and suffering are finding new hope through faith-based programs.
Then Matteo Ricci had made full use of the mission theory of the Society of Jesus in China.
Kindly refer to the amendments shown below, which assume that the principles are conceived within an international context:
You should not tell a lie and say you have five years of experience when you really have two.
strategic area 3: Establishment of operational machinery and tools for monitoring and evaluation of the strategic plan.
Progress report on innovative sources of development finance
The highlights of the programme in 2009 included:
His delegation saw no compelling reason to contradict a General Assembly decision by including the item in the agenda.
55. In addition to follow-up activities on the issues that were the subjects of consultations in 2004-2005, a new series of consultations, to be initiated in 2006-2007, might be merited by the many policy areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus.
Here we discuss the impact of wavelength conversion on design of logical topology, performance and management & control of all-optical network.
27. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fifth session the sub-item entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa”.
FCCC/SBI/2011/8
The other universes are parallel to ours and may be quite close to ours, but of which we've never been aware.
Argentina made a number of recommendations.
In paragraphs 8–32 of his report on implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors dated 1 September 1998 (A/53/335), the Secretary-General described the implementation of the 13 main recommendations contained in paragraph 11 of the report of the Board of Auditors.
The concepts of the virtual channel, virtual link and chain mechanism describe the flow control of a common data communication network;
(iii) Inorganic fraction of soil and stones; and
2. At its forty-fourth session (Vienna, 27 June-8 July 2011), the Commission reaffirmed the mandate of Working Group III relating to cross-border electronic transactions, including B2B and B2C transactions.
The Spanish Agency for International Cooperation (AECI) financed a training course aimed at the training of trainers in education throughout the year 2004.
There are also other benefits
Eighth report 25 September 1990 5
They're all key U. S. allies in the war on terror.
23 January 2007
I'll tell you more about page splitting and moving rows later in the chapter when I discuss data modification.
(FOURTH COMMITTEE)
In this case, however, the Panel found that the category "D" claimant was the owner of the business at issue.
The President made a statement.
The growth of the national income of Burkina Faso, Senegal and Mali was also dependent on remittances from abroad; a portion of that revenue was invested in agriculture, particularly in irrigation equipment.
6.Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.(
Financial losses attributable to this situation are estimated at $277,777.
The currency most commonly used in foreign trade is the dollar.
BCG vaccination against tuberculosis was being administered throughout the country by 1963.
Most of the private businesses run by women, especially where small businesses are concerned, are in the commercial sector.
5. It may be argued that the costs of dissemination of public information could be reduced through an increased reliance on communications tools, such as the Internet.
He had been doing his homework for hours when I called him yesterday evening.
To reduce the risk of oil spills, single-hulled oil tankers are being phased out following the entry into force in 2005 of new regulations that ban many such tankers and accelerate the phase-out of others.
A dumping margin represents how much the fair-value price exceeds the dumped price.
According to the current text of the statute of INSTRAW, the terms and conditions of service of the Director and the staff shall be those provided in the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, subject to such arrangements for special rules or terms of appointment as may be approved by the Secretary-General.
For thee to bloom, I'll skip the tomb And row my blossoms o'er
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
My brother has 2 children; the boy is my nephew and the girl is my
The secretariat also participated in the sixteenth Subregional Transport Forum (STF-16) Meeting: Moving GMS Transport Connectivity Forward to the Year 2022, which was held in October 2012.
Please also indicate whether the promotion and protection of economic, social and cultural rights fall under its mandate.
Next week an English speaking contest will be held in the city. A classmate of mine and I will take part in it on behalf of my school.
 6. The Committee will continue its efforts to fulfil the mandate entrusted to it.
23. Reiterates the request of the General Assembly to the United Nations development system to provide further financial, technical and organizational support for the resident coordinator system, and requests the members of the United Nations development system to include the provision of resources and support to the resident coordinator system in their respective strategic plans and budgets and to continue to include information on their support to the resident coordinator system in their reports to their respective governing bodies;
Emphasis will be given to investment in key sectors such as health, basic education, water, sanitation, environment and climate change.
49. The United Nations should recognize that non-engagement results in untapped potential, given that partnerships with the private sector can improve the way in which the Organization fulfils its mandates and affect the behaviour of potential business partners.
. . . Yes. . . All right, I'll be right down.
All data transferred between the server and client is unencrypted which means you're susceptible to keystroke loggers.
Stop messing about , boys ! I'm trying to do some reading.
Adopted unanimously at the 6794th meeting.
As a member of the Alliance, the Federation supports the development agenda by building the capacity of organizations of people with disabilities worldwide, including in areas like parallel reporting and effective monitoring of the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
And, contrary to the government’s outlook, the start of economic recovery could be delayed until the end of this year, with medium-term annual growth reaching 1.5- 2%.
According to the Nepal 2001 population census, indigenous groups comprise nearly 37 per cent of the total population of Nepal.
Adding additives can improve properties of urea formaldehyde resin adhesive.
Promotional hats distributed on World AIDS Day
 This rapid population growth hampers social and economic development efforts in many significant ways.
The resources requested represent the share of the United Nations Office at Vienna of the cost of improving and maintaining the Vienna International Centre, which is managed by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization on a cost-sharing basis through an agreement between the Vienna-based organizations and the host Government.
The heads-of-agency meetings / regional coordination meetings continued to place strong emphasis on addressing substantive issues of common concern to the organizations of the United Nations system as well as regional follow-up to the commitments of world conferences.
NIST) Half section view of an ultracold neutron trapping apparatus
5. Survey and evaluation of existing networks
Looks up at her.
This issue did not arise in the context of the current plan and programme budget, as the Assembly established identical priorities for the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001 and for the outline for the biennium 1998-1999.
Gaius knows what to do with this.
80. The standard terminology applied with respect to the analysis of resources variances in this section are defined in annex I.B of the present report.
If you make a fire, do so downwind of your shelter.
7. With a total of 169,753 houses to be built, constructing shelter remains a top priority.
5. ICSC daily subsistence allowance rates -- May 2012
205. The political re-arrangement following the elections in April 2010 has changed the rate of female MPs as well.
On concrete elements and means to enhance cooperation on R&D, specific proposals include:
Coordinating with national institutions to select suitable sites for these techniques and methodologies;
The reputation and legitimacy of politicians and public authorities suffered, both locally and internationally.
31. Some have breathed sighs of relief, others, including churches, right-to-life groups and the Australian Medical Association, bitterly attacked the bill and the haste of its passage
A Europe overwhelmed by a demographic challenge, in addition to its economic and security challenges, would be neither able nor willing to be an effective ally.
Mr. Ecio Perin, Brazilian Institute of Business Law, IBRADEMP-Brazil
In an order of 10 August 2007, the Office of the Ombudsman deemed it necessary to conduct further proceedings in the case, and directed the parties to file their respective position papers.
27. We affirm and recognize the importance of indigenous peoples' religious and cultural sites and of providing access to and repatriation of their ceremonial objects and human remains in accordance with the ends of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Arab Security Studies and Training Centre (Council decision 1989/165)
1. Rašić
However, it was envisaged that it would likely be possible to expel single men in the foreseeable future since they would have good chances of reintegrating into the Afghan society.
The 5 evidence that development business should examine when you are buying commodity house are all ready.
Slovenian people by occupation
I'm all for him being able to enjoy his hard-earned money, but not until we are financially solvent.
Agenda item 5
1998 - General debate on the basis of the report of the Economic and Social Council.
Furthermore, please provide detailed information on the areas of employment where women are prohibited by law from working and the reasons for such prohibition.
During the Board's 17 years as the body responsible for administering the competition law, the Government has rarely rejected its recommendations.
:: introducing an income-dependent combination tax credit for those who combine working and looking after children;
He welcomed progress made in elaborating options for the provision of reserve military capacities for United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Vespinae
(a) Joint UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS informal consultation on procurement;
3. may i buy a ticket for visiting bus
Unemployment is destroying family incomes.
Russia's invasion of Georgia 'pushed the Poles, to be very frank,' said one U.S. official.
in the 16th century a favorite toy for children of all ages was the hobbyhorse
But the Scots refused to accept the Queen, therefore attempted.
According to Joint Submission 11 (JS11), the former undermined independent monitoring by the human rights treaties.
:: Quarterly donor activity report (International Coordination Group for Justice Reform matrix)
The main activities were devoted to analysis of angular distribution and energy spectra of electrons and ions within the magnetosheet, in the magnetotail, in auroral regions and in the region upstream from the Earth's bow shock.
Five seats for States on List A (four regular seats and one rotating seat)
Chapter 5 A : The Basis Of My Forecasting Method For Grains - Geometric Angles ( c .1940 + )
 The reduction of 38 posts and the recommendation to focus on 10 priority field offices was an example of the efficiency of GCO, which would allow it to be more responsive to its major markets.
The Committee requests the State party to include information in its initial report on the actual extent to which indigenous peoples are able to enjoy their economic, social and cultural rights.
809th meeting
1. At its 38th meeting, on 1 December 1998, the Fifth Committee, pursuant to rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, considered the statement by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/37) on the programme budget implications of paragraph 1 of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.23.
 1. On 16 August 1994, an Iraqi vehicle carrying 30 passengers was seen passing through the geographic coordinates PB8110008300 of Chai Gharreh Tappeh, west of border pillar 24/18 and south-west of border pillar 24/19.
The UNICEF recovery policy
In some countries (such as Burkina Faso and Mali), hybrid-drying techniques for preserving fruits and vegetables have been introduced, with a view to reducing post-harvest losses.
The Prosecution concluded its case in shorter time than allotted, and the presentation of one of the accused's cases was exceptionally brief.
I understand its quite a delicate balance. distinction3n
In addition people misunderstood the causes and effects of these disturbances.
This is online map of the address "Nan Jie Zhen Che Bei Dong Chang Xun Lu , Guangning County, Zhaoqing City, Guangdong Province, China" .
Following screen is shown, then Enter key.
A co-ordinating mechanism was developed with DPKO, DPA and OCHA to include public information as an integral part of each field mission.
88. The Committee expresses its concern regarding the lack of sufficient awareness of the principles and provisions of the Convention in all parts of society, among adults and children alike.
HERE was once a fine gentleman who possessed among other things a boot-jack and a hair-brush; but he had also the finest shirt-collar in the world, and of this collar we are about to hear a story.
The man lay on the ground, dead drunk.
The key of new austrian tunnelling method is to test whether the wall rock is stable and the support is reasonable by monitoring and analyzing the deformation of wall rock.
We saw a modicum of achievements in 1995 and 2000.
Given the significance of the Chinese economy, continuing to leave this unaddressed is anything but normal.
If we have another bad playoff performance Rox need to ask themselves if they are in it for the money or if they are in it to win.
The Chairperson brought to the attention of the Commission that, at the intersessional meeting of the Commission held on 8 November 2011, participants had endorsed the recommendation of the extended Bureau that the twenty-first session of the Commission should have a duration of five days, from Monday, 23 April to Friday, 27 April 2012.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly declared the period 2001-2010 the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism (resolution 55/146).
:: Conversion of individual contractors or individuals on procurement contracts to national staff posts: taking into account the continuing nature of certain functions, in line with section VIII, paragraph 11, of General Assembly resolution 59/296, individual contractors or individuals on procurement contracts are proposed for conversion to national staff posts.
13. The country team indicated that the law providing for the establishment of the National Human Rights Commission (CNDH) had been promulgated in March 2013 but that its members had not yet been appointed.
Accordingly, the Plurinational State of Bolivia reaffirms that, in the years since the election of United States President Barack Obama, many presidents, organizations, institutions and international figures have increased their calls for a definitive halt to these unilateral coercive measures against the Cuban people.
1. In its resolution 67/263, the General Assembly noted that stable, efficient and reliable energy transportation, as a key factor of sustainable development, was in the interest of the entire international community.
Mistletoe, a woody plant with leathery green leaves and white berries, is hung above doorways during the Christmas season.
535. A parent, adoptive parent, step-parent, guardian or caregiver raising a child, if they are permanent residents of Estonia or aliens residing in Estonia on the basis of a temporary residence permit, have the right to receive parental benefit.
Population and development
Panama won't take him.
BSL laboratories should have automatic firealarm.
The Vienna Institute for International Dialogue and Cooperation promotes critical public debate on issues related to colonialism and racism, as well as international dialogue based on equality and respect.
Tuesday, 26 November 2013, at 18:30, in Trusteeship Council Chamber.
(e) In operative paragraph 8, the words "within existing United Nations resources" after the words "ten working days" were deleted.
1993: "Physical violence against women in Uganda. A research contracted by Royal Dutch Embassy - Nairobi.
Remuneration for managing director GPB 9,620
The Singapore Exchange is under-leveraged compared with its peers, and is highly cash generative.
(c) Two from Latin American and Caribbean States;
144. This rule, in its amended form, applies to communications received by the Committee after 1 January 2012.
To our great relief, the Iranians agreed to the plan without any problem.
Last review
She also wondered whether the Government had attempted to address gender-based violence, whether there were practical programmes to try to change customs and practices that discriminated against women, whether steps were being taken to improve the Nationality Code and whether the Government planned to revise the Criminal Code.
The rate of increase of cases is now slowing, but health officials say it will be years before cholera is eradicated from the island.
It noted the Presidential Apology to women and girls for their suffering during the war, the National Action Plan on Security Council resolutions 1325 (2000) and 1820 (2008) and the establishment of Family Support Units.
The Comprehensive Peace Agreement Monitor was updated monthly and maintained on the UNMIS website (www.unmis.org) for public access. Component 2: security
2. Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report
A. Peacekeeping operations General Assembly resolutions
He wrote about his dream in at detail and he even drew a diagram of a 200-acre ranch, showing the location of all the buildings, the stables and the track. Then he drew a detailed floor plan for a 4,000-square-foot house that would sit on a 200-acre dream ranch.
9. The principal factors in the methodology are the market value of the Fund's assets and the "real" interest rate (i.e., discount rate) used to calculate the capital value of the liability for all pensioners, with both factors measured as at the date of termination.
As for middle-income countries which had greater experience in combating drug trafficking, and which in some cases were members of the Security Council, permanent or otherwise, the Office was supplying them with advisory services and offering its know-how.
Dates for consideration
During this year, the Kimberley Process has also recognized continued efforts to control illicit diamond flows from Côte d'Ivoire.
Moreover, the proposed agreement was negotiated with the involvement of senior officials from all of the ministries concerned and at the initiative of then Vice-Prime Minister Yarov.
186. During that same interval of time, the programme supporting the market rollout of goods and services produced by small- and medium-scale businesses provided support to 64 women entrepreneurs, which accounts for 25% of the assistance provided in that area.
VI
Agenda item 107: Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations (continued) (A/C.5/59/L.79)
Total, category I
Girls who are married at a young age have no say in decisions concerning whom they wish to marry, when they wish to marry, or whether they wish to marry at all.
49. The 2005 ILO publication "A global alliance against forced labour", draws attention to the links between armed conflict and forced labour.
Despite their country’s mounting income gap, Americans’ support for redistribution has, according to the General Social Survey, remained flat for decades.
They too have disturbed sleep if they share a bed, but tend to get better quality rest when they do finally drop
Although a donor country and the World Bank had pledged to provide assistance to move these facilities, the initial work undertaken had reportedly been stopped following military operations in the area.
`I would recommend him to sacrifice it.
In addressing the geographical distribution of delivery of UNCTAD technical assistance, and in interpreting data related to the share of different regions, the following should not be overlooked: (a) only regional and country projects are taken into account for calculating regional shares; (b) UNCTAD is not a financial organization and has no resources of its own to carry out its operational activities, and is therefore dependant on other sources of financing; (c) technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD are carried out in the light of beneficiaries' needs and requirements, and donors' concerns; and (d) the majority of country projects are either "self-sustained" or implemented by UNCTAD through accessing the bilateral aid programmes of donors, which are decided between the beneficiary country and its development partner(s).
So of course you're not thinking of suicide.
:: UNDG input and review of PBF proposals institutionalized Direction III.D-6
Italy
I'm afraid this may not be the last we've seen of her.
When do you think we can start with all the ceremony and-- I still believe that thou wilt help us.
8 December 2004
I love to challenge myself. And I love to compete, and I just love all that.
The change of prime ministers comes less than two weeks before presidential elections, which President Putin is expected to win.
He said he understood why investigators may have overlooked the children during their previous trip to the apartment.
The Department will utilize regular budget and extrabudgetary resources to assist, within the context of national needs and priorities, in the development of programmes and projects aimed at strengthening human, institutional and policy-making capabilities.
On April 7th month to the damsel in yangzhou skies and salt in hospital to meet.
The most recent report by the Secretary-General on United Nations system support for NEPAD (E/AC.51/2014/3) contains detailed information on the nature and scope of the support provided during the past year.
The vacuum indicates a new way of eliminating the dirt on carpet, which is called "cyclone separation" .
86. The Committee considered the initial report of Burundi (CRC/C/3/Add.58) at its 645th to 646th meetings (see CRC/C/SR.645 and 646), held on 20 September 2000, and adopted the following concluding observations.
I met Georgine yesterday and she told me.
As a consequence, the population of that group of countries is expected to grow markedly in the coming decades.
India supports negotiations with a view to reaching agreement on effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Education Act of 17 May 2004;
vehicle age profile
International Criminal Court
"Darkroom" (Photo Exhibition)
Figure 2.1 shows two snapshots of the heap before and after a garbage collection.
Mr. Deunden Nikomborirak, Research Director for Economic Governance, Thailand Development Research Institute
15. Bearing in mind paragraph 9 of General Assembly resolution 48/218 B, the Advisory Committee requests the Secretary-General, in the context of his proposed programme budget for 1996-1997, to provide a comprehensive analysis and justification of human resource requirements of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Fourth, some managers use intuition as a check the results of more rational analysis.
Ms. Moore (United States of America): The United States delegation welcomes today's consideration of the Assembly's agenda item "Sport for peace and development: International Year of Sport and Physical Education".
He received a blow on the head
 693. The international response to the humanitarian requirements in Somalia has on the whole been generous, and many lives have been saved.
Integrated Support Services
However, that does not change the legal consequence of an outside-Government funding infrastructure that consolidates the process of de facto annexation already under way in the occupied Palestinian territory.
1. The Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (OPANAL) was established in 1967 by the Treaty of Tlatelolco.
political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development
Bruce. You promised to help me with this photo album
As an alternative to Finnish, instruction in Kven may be given in primary and lower secondary school.
"Commission on Human Rights
1. On 2 December 2008, the General Assembly adopted resolution 63/50, entitled "Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation".
Paragraph 2 of the Resolution also requires States to prevent the movement of terrorists and the establishment of safe havens.
1. Takes note of the progress made in the implementation of the Partnership for Action on Computing Equipment, and welcomes the report submitted by the co-chairs of the Partnership Working Group;[32]
2. The first biannual review of the Framework resulted in the following recommendations.
Nonsignatory rebel factions have splintered.
Realizing the Millennium Development Goals for persons with disabilities through the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
That I swear, by my sweet Serra's hands.
Within the MSLP, the Equal Opportunities, Antidiscrimination and Social Assistance Department is entrusted with the promotion of equality between women and men".
What should I say, then
This funding will provide sufficient resources to cover the Institute's core programme activities for a period of three years.
What are you doing here   sam?
275. Especially dramatic was a fourth incident, during which 967 prisoners were liberated from Lubumbashi’s Kasapa prison, including former Mai Mai chief Gédéon Kyungu Mutanga and several members of the Katangese independence movement.
Indonesia made recommendations.
11. Minorities and indigenous peoples
The shift of the citizens emotion and cognition from perception to rationalization;
MSW3 Gardner
The patient is in despair and socially withdrawn, needs constant company and is incapable of attending to her own needs without help. This indicates a significant deterioration in the most important areas of a person's life".
Settling in a new country can place significant strain on relationships, particularly when Australian cultural norms and expectations of the role of women are different to the previous experiences of migrants and humanitarian entrants.
Though the movement's ranks have thinned somewhat, its adherents continue to exert considerable influence in Congress.
Financing energy for sustainable development
New data
9. Address by His Excellency Mr. Abdullah Gül, President of the Republic of Turkey
Huatai Securities analyst Zhou Lin believes that the blue chips were among the biggest gainers Wednesday, that is, yesterday was heavy profit-selling pressure .
Ambassador
Expenses incurred and reimbursement received by the United Nations in connection with assistance provided to the International Criminal Court*
He who makes no mistakes makes nothing.
paras. 30-37
16. COE/ECRI noted that Roma seemed to suffer from widespread prejudice and marginalisation, partly explaining the extreme poverty in which some of them live and the low school attendance among Roma children.
Proposed
Effective laws to regulate manufacture, importation and distribution of food are needed and also those governing occupational health.
Women Trafficking and Exploitation of Prostitution
Total exports of services quadrupled, growing from $ 400 billion in 1980 to about $ 1.6 trillion in 2002, while the share of services in total trade grew from 16.2 per cent to 19.4 per cent.
PCM
68. The active engagement of Member States also increased in supporting the many events that were offered, resulting in improved attendance, the participation of diasporas and coverage by national media.
Bucha, Saale-Holzland
Posting Arrangements and Designated Post Offices
However, it is obviously only a right once it is protected by (positive) law (hence exit Natural Law).
Sixty-seventh session
Improved wastewater management is needed in the refugee camps in the West Bank.
One morning a countryman went to his gooses nest, and saw a yellow and glittering egg there.
You understand me, replied Villefort, affectionately; when I say any one,--pardon my urgency,--to any one living I mean
Anyone getting a merit citation second class can enter grad school without taking the exam after completion of the service obligation.
1. Macroeconomic policy questions [95]
Well, don't stand there like a scared goat. Run!
Alarm Cut-off Button
Consequently, many firms are hiring.
89. Other main areas where, on the basis of the same doctrine, legislative action remedied similar situations were the Communal Chamber, the Public Service, Commission and membership of the House of Representatives.
Letter dated 12 March 2004 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
UNESCO proposed policy options for the development of a comprehensive and holistic career guidance system, based on its report entitled "Career Guidance in the Occupied Palestinian Territory: Mapping the Field and Ways Forward".
India was surprised that that commitment should have required so much discussion, let alone negotiation.
Briefing on the "Trade and Development Report 2014: Global Governance and Policy Space for Development" (organized by the New York Office of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD))
3. Authorizes a ceremony for the opening for signature of the Convention to be held in Port Louis on 17 March 2015, and recommends that the Convention be known as the "Mauritius Convention on Transparency";
The recent summit meeting in Cologne had taken a step in the right direction by calling on IMF and the World Bank to cooperate with the developing countries in working out a new anti-poverty strategy in the context of a debt relief initiative for the benefit of the heavily indebted poor countries.
"The festival gives us all the chance both to reflect on the great contribution of the Chinese community to this country's success, prosperity and culture and how we all gain from the diversity of our society," the British prime minister said in the message.
Briefings by the Peacekeeping Best Practices Unit, Department of Peacekeeping Operations
2. 25 April 2001
45. Guatemala shared the sentiment expressed in paragraph 93 of the national report.
Guinea
Polluting Israeli industries had been relocated into the occupied territories and solid waste from Israeli industrial zones was routinely dumped in Palestinian areas.
The Commission noted that the racial issues in Bermuda have to be addressed irrespective of independence, and that they have to be discussed by the society.
The indicators track the contribution of country teams, as a whole, to gender equality, through common country programming.
Territory of the Ulanqab prefecture
What is that ideology?
Total unpaid assessed contributions as at 30 June 2001 amounting to $18.3 million reflect an increase of $0.3 million.
23. Member States should direct their human rights activities towards cooperation with non-governmental organizations as well as towards the strengthening of national human rights institutions.
The purpose of these acts is to safeguard the independence of the research performed at these institutions, and the acts contain several tools for this purpose.
16. Although the terms of reference focus on identifying and reporting on the situation in Gaza and on alleged violations of international humanitarian law and human rights law during operation Cast Lead, the Committee is of the view the present situation goes back to the Israeli disengagement from Gaza in 2005.
All of the enrichment related activities at Iran's declared facilities are under Agency safeguards, and all of the nuclear material, installed cascades, and feed and withdrawal stations at those facilities are subject to Agency containment and surveillance.
Raoul Wallenberg
(e) Facilitate support by NGOs to women's access to justice.
In February 2005, a communication was sent to the Government of Nepal concerning the arrest of a defender combating child labour and trafficking.
The benevolent hegemon, which used to be the French-German couple, is missing.
This bulletin, which is intended for widespread circulation, will make it possible for concepts such as the ones described above to be used by officials responsible for such matters.
OR
Judging from the current situation, even though the first two months of this year's warmer noodle market, but has yet to start underwriting the issue.
This figure did not include posts for which other resources funding had not yet been assured at the time of the budget approval.
I didn't see anything.
There will be a meeting of the Staff Council today, 18 October 2001, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
The Inspector is of the view that their task often remains ineffective in the absence of a joint integrated strategic system-wide planning framework in the affected countries, despite a fundraising planning mechanism offered by CAP as a guide to donors.
Security Council Committee established pursuant to
For the first time in the history of Polish localism, at the Fifth Congress of Regional Cultural Societies in Wrocław (September 1994) the Polish Localism Charter was signed.
Between 2008 and 2012, on average, 43% of bilateral ODA was channelled to LDCs which illustrates Portugal's commitment to allocate ODA to where it is most needed.
Friday, 10 October 2008, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room B;
Conclusion: 1 . Radiotherapy can activate NF - k BP 65 signal conduct access of ACC 2 cells.
That chemical had been identified by the Chemicals Technical Options Committee during the presentation on its 2012 progress report at the thirty-second meeting of the Open-ended Working Group as a new CFC not currently controlled by the Montreal Protocol.
The Act provides for the following structures; Labour Commissioner, Labour Inspectors, the Courts, a Conciliation Committee and a Review Committee for Minimum Wages.
The Secretary for Justice issued instructions to allow members of the author's family to visit him every Sunday, throughout his time in prison.
Mention should also be made of the recent approval, by the Plenary of the Chamber of Deputies, of changes to the Penal Code.
It has not been disclosed where Carat will hub the account in Asia, but Nokia's hubs in the region are Beijing and Singapore.
Cheonan incident fabricated by the United States and the Lee Myung Bak group of traitors was most hideous conspiratorial farce in the nation's history
35 to 39
Tong Tso
The present study on disarmament and non-proliferation education is meant to complement the peace studies and conflict resolution programmes that became widespread in the 1980s and 1990s.
The Malawi Law Commission is an independent body and its recommendations are seriously considered by the Government of Malawi.
"Never mind; let us go on.
6. On 27 November 2010, on the eve of the run-off election, President Gbagbo imposed a night-time curfew, ostensibly to deter violence.
There has been no progress to date towards fulfilling the Millennium Goals and the decisions of the major United Nations conferences held over the past decade.
Alongside the Force, civilian staff will also work with the two communities towards dialogue and reconciliation and will participate in monitoring the migration.
Indeed, its article 7 stipulates: The human person is sacred and has the right to life.
No. 45 of 2009 - Demolition of the Temporary Jetties underneath the Stonecutters Bridge(9.4.2009)
UNICEF also took note of the National Integrated Plan for Early Childhood Development, the National Action Plan for Orphans and Other Children made Vulnerable by HIV and AIDS, and the HIV & AIDS and STI National Strategic Plan.
As a result, the programme has invested considerable resources in assisting States in drafting and introducing legislation that will support the use of this and other modern and innovative law enforcement techniques, as well as practical training by experts in their application.
He turned over a new  leaf  and worked harder.
X. OTHER PARTICIPANTS AND OBSERVERS
But Zadok the priest, Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, Nathan the prophet, Shimei, Rei, and the mighty men who belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.
Benthic meiobenthos is one of the most important community to biomedical research.
Moreover, the priorities for action defined at the special session devoted to children in May 2002 have been integrated in a planning document: the strategic framework to combat poverty.
2. Recognizes the urgent need to repatriate such illicit funds to the countries of origin and urges all States to commit their political will to act together to recover the proceeds of corruption, including by repatriating illicit funds and assets to the countries of origin;
Cheerful, I felt the refreshing fragrance of the strikes; depressed is not music, I feel lonely come to devour unknown.
15. The Committee strongly encourages the State party, as part of its new national strategy on migration and three-year plan of action, to set up a centralized database with data disaggregated by sex, age and origin, with a view to better understanding the migration context and the situation of migrant workers in the country, including those in an irregular situation, to allow the effective implementation of its migration policy and to monitor implementation of the Convention.
In addition, Colin Gonsalves (India) provided written comments on the draft paper.
Summary of requirements
III. Documents before the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and
5. The present guidelines pertain to the preparation of the second part of reports and apply to the initial as well as all subsequent periodic reports to the Committee.
These issues are discussed paragraphs 18 and 19 of the Subcommittee paper;
B. Consideration of reports 24 — 262 9
Resource requirements (before recosting): $4,091,000
Letter dated 26 June (S/2002/710) from the representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran addressed to the Secretary-General.
39. As part of the consultation procedure, in 2012, the Federal Council will submit partial amendments to several ordinances on asylum, the integration of foreigners and the enforcement of removal and expulsion orders.
47. Countries implementing the Convention in the Northern Mediterranean are at different stages of the process, from starting preparation to implementing the NAP.
May I take it that the Assembly decides to adopt draft resolution A/65/L.29?
Figure III
The present utility model discloses an  indoor  AC high - voltage enclosed load switch.
(f) A.I with B.IV (3.5/6.5/3.0 and zero growth in participants).
alphabetical order of the names of the members of the SubCommission, beginning with the member whose name is drawn by lot by the Chairman.
72. The Subcommittee also found that staff safety is compromised in several prisons by poor installations (walls that are too low, the lack of watchtowers, and so on) and the lack of proper surveillance equipment.
Science, it seems, is becoming a partner in the unnerving development of a new global superpower.
In the management scheme of the education system, quality of these services is controlled by MES, where the maintenance of kindergartens and daily nurseries is a responsibility of local government and is realized through financing from an unconditional grant (gained from the state budget) and the contribution of the local government (gained from local taxes etc.)
Li Ming enjoyed the museum. So did his grandmother and aunt.
a pair of knee duck trousers and an old sweater made him a presentable wheel costume , so that he could go with ruth on afternoon rides.
The report provides information on the recent activities of the Expert Group carried out since the forty-fifth session of the Statistical Commission. It summarizes the major outcomes of the first Global Forum on the Integration of Statistical and Geospatial Information, held in New York on 4 and 5 August 2014, in conjunction with the fourth session of the Committee of Experts on Global Geospatial Information Management, held in New York from 6 to 8 August 2014, and the main findings of the International Workshop on Integrating Geospatial and Statistical Information, held in Beijing from 9 to 12 June 2014.
For the lessons he says he will give me a meal every day, a big Russian meal, or if for any reason the meal is lacking then five francs.
Such are the challenges to the implementation of the agreement protocols already concluded and of an eventual comprehensive agreement.
:: 28 United Nations national staff members continue to be detained or missing (27 from UNRWA are detained or missing and 1 from UNDP is detained).
The greatest prize of all world peace is now within our grasp.
He claims that the State party failed in its obligation, under domestic law, to ensure that the interviews were conducted properly.
“Wasted？Oh，no！ When you were at the office，I often sat by the window and wondered what sortof person I should be if I had not lost the necklace．Now I know my answer．”
We'd taken him and done the make - up , we'd tried the head replacement thing.
On the conservative side, Ahmadinejad so far stands alone.
We are encouraged to see that many countries have also voiced a similar desire.
Ninth session
The SBSTA also requested the secretariat to organize an in-session workshop at SBSTA 39 on the issues mentioned in paragraph 81 above.
11. The assertion often heard in the Security Council that, by withdrawing from Gaza, Israel had given the Palestinians the option of converting Gaza into a paradise but the Palestinians had opted to convert it into a haven for terrorism was a lie and a fabrication by Israel.
1. If, when one person or one delegation is to be elected, no candidate obtains the required majority in the first ballot, a second ballot shall be taken, which shall be restricted to the two candidates obtaining the largest number of votes.
I will make up the difference by adding protein.
8. The Working Group sent a note verbale to 22 regional intergovernmental organizations on 25 April 2006, expressing an interest in initiating a dialogue and an exchange of views.
In Guatemala, UNODC and the Attorney General's Office hosted a national meeting on witness protection.
Scientists already knew that the creatures, which resemble underwater hedgehogs, are the only invertebrates (animals without backbones ) on the human branch of the evolutionary tree.
Switzerland actively promotes international criminal justice, in part by supporting the International Criminal Court.
42. Ms. Ghanem (Syrian Arab Republic) said that in Syrian culture agreements were often oral.
3 - 6 p.m. 472nd meeting Conference Room 6
2. The interdepartmental task force, which was chaired by the Assistant Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management, was established in August 2008.
She didn't know the man across the dinner table had a brother at home in a
United Nations funds and programmes must provide the recipient countries with appropriate technical assistance for that purpose.
I would like to add the following comments in our national capacity.
- Ms. Taghreed Hikmat (Jordan)
Pyramid of Cheops yet to yield up secrets.
As part of its efforts to further explore the issues relating to maritime security providers, the Working Group has been discussing with the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia the possibility of a country visit in December 2012.
And this fall, the US Environmental Protection Agency proposed emissions standards for new power plants that would rule out conventional coal power – an important step that would cut carbon pollution and drive innovation.
"Requests the Director-General:
Training programmes on the relevant international standards should be organized for all professionals involved with the juvenile justice system and specialized courts should be established.
(Views adopted on 29 October 2012, 106th session)
Replying to your letter of the 17th respecting the account, I will send you a cheque shortly
Moreover, there was no such nexus in the Statute of the Rwanda Tribunal.
VII. Arbitrary detention and enforced disappearances 83
Archaeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the purer faith.
18. The Global Forum concluded with a vision statement in which the participants identified three main areas for improvement:
The cases of three of the nine fugitives are top-priority cases earmarked for trial before the Tribunal.
Cuba urges all countries to contribute effectively to general and complete disarmament under strict international control.
A personal contribution to promoting equality is rarely included in the mission agreements of senior staff or properly evaluated.
Hello, this is Wang Li.
Dialogue and cooperation essential for enriching the universality of human rights
Counsel should be called upon to submit papers in support of their claims.
The doctor suspected that he was ill with flu
 Greater coordination and sharpening of focus were needed throughout the system.
Article 8 The amount derived from tax exemption or reduction for development zone enterprises using domestic investments shall be regarded as national support funds managed under an independent accounting system, and shall be specially used for the development of new and high technologies and their products under the supervision of relevant departments.
Well the cut boosted Ford's stock, but its shares did not rise alone.
The survey draws the conclusion that positive expectations and demands, disability-specific guidance and aids followed by remedial instruction and disability-specific knowledge can foster positive educational results for children and young people with non-cognitive disabilities.
To request a videotape, contact the United Nations Video Library (room 2B-66 second basement); tel: 212963-1561/0656; fax: 212-963-3860/4501; e-mail: gonzalezm@un.org; fong@un.org; and teza@un.org (please direct requests to all three e-mail addresses to ensure prompt attention).
It is also concerned that they are not always able to return to Kuwait, in contravention of the right to freedom of movement (arts. 2, 5 and 6).
Mr. Combs profited by "shorting" the stocks of some financial companies as markets crumbled.
ITU is preparing a handbook on the Earth exploration satellite service, which will complement the existing handbook, written in conjunction with IMO, on the use of the radio spectrum for meteorology, including the description of modern meteorological systems, tools and methods.
45. In terms of monitoring during 2002, the following activities took place: 59 completed final project reports were assessed; 132 annual progress reports were analysed, and feedback was provided to implementing partners; semi-annual tracking of implementation rates was carried out on the basis of financial reports and programme feedback to partners; field visits were undertaken by programme officers to 15 countries (jointly with implementing partners, either to learn lessons for future grant-making, to tell a successful United Nations story or for course-correction purposes); 9 portfolio reviews were undertaken with major implementing partners (in these in-depth sessions, the progress of all projects was reviewed and substantive discussions were held on end results to be achieved by the UNF-supported investments); and ongoing virtual contacts with project managers and UNFIP programme officers were maintained on the progress and results of projects.
They are not satisfied with the progress,thinking it much too slow.
3 November 2010
64. As one of the areas highlighted in the Political Declaration of 2006, UNDP is building country capacity to adopt trade flexibilities in the use of intellectual property rights for access to affordable HIV treatment.
He was wearing gray flannel trousers, a blue wool turtleneck sweater and a blue blazer.
Salmonella maracaibo
The major term of a syllogism must occur twice.
ZURICH – We are experiencing a new wave of innovation in health care – one that promises to create the smartest, most connected, and most efficient health systems the world has ever seen.
This is why they have to promote fertility, which is the second major aspect of the cult.
The point of departure for us is to press ahead with the process of peace and reconciliation in Darfur so as to improve the humanitarian situation, restore stability and development in this region at an early date and help people there to shake off the difficulties in their life.
It is the recommendation of the Internal Justice Council that the administrative budget for the Dispute Tribunal is increased to ensure that adequate transcription, videoconferencing, interpretation and translation services are available at each of the seats of the Tribunal, and that a budget is provided for the acquisition of legal texts and online legal resources.
The price of that Beauty parloris so expensive that nobody cares.
is not and has not been a staff official of the security services, intelligence services or counterintelligence services of the USSR, the LSSR or a foreign country;
This is a positive development.
The focus of our subsidised housing policy is to provide public rental housing for families who cannot afford private rental accommodation.
The poorest countries lose almost $40 billion a year through loss of exports due to the agricultural protectionism of industrialized countries.
A glimmer of smile came to the dry lips.
1. The Council considered agenda item 5 (Special economic, humanitarian and disaster relief assistance) at its 33rd to 36th meetings, from 15 to 17 July 2013.
14. Please provide information on measures taken to address the occupational segregation of women in the private and the public sectors in low-paid and low-skilled jobs and ensure that women enjoy equal remuneration for work of equal value in both the formal and informal sectors.
States and territories established in 2012
  Article 14 With respect to a project under planned cancellation, the permit holder shall, 90 days before the expiry of the validity period of the permit, apply to the Commission of STIND for cancellation, and the permit shall be nullified upon approval.
Copertino
Australia does not believe that the United Nations is the answer to all the problems of the world.
The President: The Assembly will now hear a statement by the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste.
LC
21. Palestinian Journalists Syndicate, Jerusalem, Ramallah
Other supplies, services and equipment
3. The continued buoyancy of external demand remained an important source of growth for many countries in the region, as the much-anticipated slowdown in United States growth failed to materialize in the manner that had been expected in 2006, and the continued revival of the Japanese economy provided an added stimulus.
Governments in rich countries are beginning to spell out just what that will mean in terms of policy and lifestyle changes and the investments required to develop clean energy sources.
Date
She farmed out the baby with her mother.
 19. Mr. HYNES (Canada), speaking in explanation of vote before the voting, appealed to the Russian Federation to withdraw its proposed amendment.
VIII.25 As indicated in paragraph 28C.13 of the budget, resources identified for the conduct of self-monitoring and evaluation, which amount to $674,100, would be the equivalent of 41 work-months of Professional staff and 10 work-months of General Service staff.
Efforts to resolve this are made by encouraging children to create items in the workshops which can be sold.
The programme was formulated as a means of achieving quick results for NEPAD.
He supported Canadian membership in NATO and helped establish the St.Lawrence Seaway.
 4. Urges all the parties to respect fully their obligations under the General Peace Agreement, especially:
The curves of specific gravity are helpful in the discrimination of sedimentary facies and would be beneficial in the study of river sedimentation and fluvial processes.
Further action taken or required
Some of you may sense a bit of frustration from me about the way this movie is being marketed(or lack thereof).
5. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-seventh session the item entitled "Globalization and interdependence". 90th plenary meeting
Xiangzi and the other young men dried themselves off and started joking as usual.
3 p.m. 91st plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Hasten to Monte Cristo--avail yourself of the fortune--for you have indeed suffered long enough.
B. Assistance in the tracing of arms
I didnt want to do her any harm if I could help it.
Paper, for instance, is made up of transparent fibres.
Keep yourself honest by asking your loved ones for feedback about your sleep habits.
Prashant Bose
In particular, the Commission noted with appreciation that a complete consolidated set of legislative recommendations, which included, in addition to recommendations on inventory, equipment and trade receivables, recommendations on negotiable instruments, negotiable documents, bank accounts and proceeds from independent undertakings, would be before the Working Group at its eighth session (see para. 240 (f) below).
If any director does not provide a response within such time period, he shall be deemed to have approved the minutes as drafted.
As a result, the planning and infrastructure development for full occupancy have started with a view to having the facility ready by mid-November.
Pressure to deploy foreign troops reveals their true goals: an attempt to occupy a strategic part of Europe under a transparent pretext of "imposing peace", although it is common knowledge that there has never been, nor is there any "military confrontation".
This paper discusses one type of micromechanical accelerometer with torsional pendulum.
The law should provide that, after default, a secured creditor is entitled, without applying to a court or other authority, to sell or otherwise dispose of, lease or license an encumbered asset to the extent of the grantor's rights in the encumbered asset.
Vol. 10 - n/a nil nil
It should be made clear that the protest by Eritrea in connection with the so-called expulsion of Eritreans from Ethiopia is not because of concern about Eritrean nationals, but because the stated threat of the Eritrean Head of State “to strike at the heart of Ethiopia” that is, to carry out terrorist activities, has been foiled by the dismantling of their extensive network within Ethiopia.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, which includes an overview of the implementation of resolution 68/48,
I have something to do tomorrowSorry but I am tied up all day tomorrow
This file is currently under review by a moderator and is not open for public access.
The EU has noted that there is a strong call from a number of the world's political as well as spiritual leaders, States and civil society for the establishment of a new treaty to better regulate the trade in arms.
North and Central Asia
Special benefit exists for people who are waiting for a residence permit according to the Reception of Asylum Seeker and Others Act (1994:137).
EUPM legal advisers have been constantly engaged in monitoring court cases where the IPTF certification process has been challenged by police officers who were denied certification.
The P-2 position will focus on monitoring and evaluation in support of UNDAF, joint programmes and other information required and/or requested by the United Nations country team.
Although feminists may bristle at this demonstration that language perspectives retain a built-in social bias, it's not all bad.
Presidents of Mauritius
Iraq denies the existence of any such planning. Acquisitions
NASA plans to develop and operate an Earth observing system-AM1 (EOS-AM1) polar orbiting platform, thereby creating an integrated scientific observation system through international cooperation.
Regarding the first set, it was said that the words "de facto" should not be used as they gave the impression that there could be control which was not factual.
The coachs talk heated the team members.
82. It is based on the military contingents projected deployment schedule and takes into account 2,442 troops on the ground as of 1 July 2004 and the phased deployment during the budget period of 3,008 military contingent personnel, including 125 staff officers.
United Nations IPSAS implementation team
I recalled that inward sensation I had experience for I could recall it, with all its unspeakable strangeness.
 159. Section 54 (1) of the Criminal Procedure Act stipulated that, when arresting an individual, a police officer must inform that person of his rights in a language he understood.
The collaboration and cooperation of NGOs on the regional, national and international level is imperative for achieving goals for the well-being of families throughout the world.
By this point, the application had three distinct asynchronous behaviors, and the current solution started to become a bottleneck.
Mr. Chris M. Peter (United Republic of Tanzania)
C. Reporting by Parties 19
Elli brought a bunch of flowers.
Jewish American politicians
They face discrimination owing to their status as to migrants as well as to their status as women.
What someone cannot do during waking life, he tries to fulfill in his dreams.Griffen's Theory.
The oversight forum is supposed to remain in place for at least nine months after the signing of the Final Peace Agreement.
Nevertheless, it is important to ensure the consistency of the methodologies used across countries and regions.
 9. At the 27th to 29th meetings, on 8 and 9 July, the Council entered into a dialogue and exchanged views on the item.
MINUSTAH had a vital role to play in that regard and he urged all troop and police contributors to remain engaged in the process.
76.12. Develop a national institution for human rights to bring it in full compliance with the Paris Principles, by adopting the necessary legislation (Spain);
We welcome the Secretary-General's initiatives, and in particular the comprehensive review of the political situation in Kosovo prepared by Ambassador Kai Eide.
Judy Garland
Watch Games on Beijing metro
Redeployment of a Senior Coordination Officer post to the Rule of Law Liaison Office
The Executive Director thanked all delegations for their congratulatory wishes and support.
Documents before the Subsidiary Body for Implementation at its thirty-seventh session
We learned more about Chinese history after reading the book.
7. Urges the States members of the Institute to continue to make every possible effort to meet their obligations to the Institute;
Those indictments should be completed during the latter part of 2001.
Even so, what they do is bad for America.
Display the drawing page that contains the flowchart shapes you want to add numbers to.
C. Developing gender-aware social protection initiatives
Drinking, smoking, and fishing were  Angleton 's main releases.
It considers that the author has not provided sufficient information to substantiate these additional claims.
By reducing their dependence on commodities, this will also make their export earnings less vulnerable to fluctuations in commodity prices (see recommendations, part V).
35. A staff member failed to comply with his financial disclosure obligations.
A3.5.2 The tables making up the matrix show the core part of the precautionary statements in bold print.
33. On 20 June 2012, the co-chair of round table 1, Prince Albert II of Monaco, opened the round table and made a statement.
The ability to have an orderly wind-down of a bank’s business, rather than a freezing of all business activity, often ensures that the liability side of the bank’s balance sheet remains manageable.
This facilitated the provision of instruction, within the same country, by a sister programme, as well as the creation of very important inter-programme linkages at the local level. Additionally, the TRAINMAR Central Support Unit in UNCTAD provided a TRAINMAR pedagogic expert from Malaysia who validated a TSC course in Thailand; thus TSC benefited by having an expert from the region and from a sister programme assisting a TSC Course Development Unit.
The graphic arts include calligraphy and lithography.
The United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Asia and the Pacific, which we are proud to host, must be strengthened in order to revitalize the Kathmandu process to facilitate dialogue and deliberations on confidence-building in the region.
Leading edge cuts the front from the the main - voltage sinus after the zero - cross .
It could be that children are getting less sleep at night because they're napping, or they could be napping because they're getting less sleep at night, he says.
H.E. Mr. Batbold Sukhbaatar, Prime Minister of Mongolia, addressed the General Assembly.
The plan of action for the Second Decade has already earned broad support and resulted in improved policy coherence and coordination within the United Nations.
An Indonesia Food and Drug Control Agency spokeswoman, reached late Friday, said, 'It is no surprise if the industry has complained, but that does not lessen its result.
Even if she was blaming me, she will not hold on to it. 1
The total contributions of my Government to Afghanistan to advance its economy amounts to approximately $1.5 billion, in addition to private assistance from humanitarian organizations such as the Sheikh Khalifa Foundation, which provided, in collaboration with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, an estimated contribution of $50 million earmarked for the immunization programme for Afghani children.
31. Many members agreed that the new positive momentum towards achieving a nuclear-weapon-free world should be further strengthened.
A. Technical support 13. The Collaboration, through a consortium of four partners (the FIA Foundation, the Global Road Safety Partnership, the World Bank and WHO), has continued to develop the series of manuals that provide guidance to countries on how to implement good practices in road safety as identified in the World Report on Road Traffic Injury Prevention.
• Emerging Issues (EI);
Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium
Number of air shipments of light weapons not reported to ECOWAS Country
Conclusion Zhenqi eye drops is effective for chronic conjunctivitis and may be a new drug for the disease in clinic.
44. Many delegations pointed to relevant Articles of the Charter as a means of clarifying the relationship between the General Assembly and the Security Council.
In the area of local governance, the evaluation recommends "UNDP should more explicitly and effectively mainstream local governance into all its programmatic areas of support by developing a coherent framework that is firmly grounded in the practice of human development" [11].
The famous popular singer's arrival is imminent.
What we are groping toward is trying to understand the mechanics of bubbles, '' Glaeser said.
This project is being undertaken by a Task Force under the auspices of the Committee's Finance and Budget Network.
25. Report of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict (E/CN.4/2005/77).
As the district attorney paced the men cut through the first layer of metal. Nothing.
It's dark outside, Let's hurry up.
229. Concerns were expressed as to why UNEP had not incorporated the Rio Conventions, in particular the Convention on Biological Diversity and the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification, into the expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement under subprogramme 1.
When the user needs different performance parameter on the table, our company also may manufacture specially.
If I could only live to see it, to be there with you.
Concluding observations on the combined third and fourth periodic reports of Jamaica, adopted by the Committee at its fiftieth session (29 April - 17 May 2013)
We'll be going forward too, so we have to make sure when we do we close the back door and don't get hit by a counter-attack or a set piece.
3 October 2008
In accordance with provisions of the Measures for the Registration of State Property Rights of Enterprises (Decree No.192 of the State Council), formalities for registration of change in property rights should be completed in case of any change in property rights in the restructuring of medium- and small-sized state-owned enterprises.
ENVI's interface is complemented by its comprehensive library of processing algorithms.
56. The Council, refusing to accept the decision, filed an application for revocation with the court, which was rejected, since it was hardly possible for a judge, being a party in the trial at which he had delivered judgement, to file an appeal against the decision of the review court which had censured him.
79. Ghana commended the creative and affirmative actions for women and the opening of neighbourhood prosecutor's offices for greater access to the justice system.
89. The Government has been expanding the number of higher education institutions. (E/C.12/ETH/1-4, paras. 348 - 355).
DPKO and DFS typically experience a high turnover and constant internal movements of staff owing to reassignments and separations, making the tracking of personnel and assets a complex task.
Pilotage advance of the times, advanced and excellent culture.
What officials are there in a game of table tennis?
Tuesday, 30 November 2010, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Conference Room A (NLB).
Survey respondents report that in order to support the MDGs, staff most commonly need substantive knowledge about different development topics, statistical data, good practice information and region-specific knowledge.
The latter was maintaining that a time would come when there would be no more war.
The bank recommenced limited operations in March 1991.
131. Hazardous and Noxious Substances Convention.
As a result of a preliminary review of the Claims, notifications pursuant to article 34 of the Rules ("article 34 notifications") were sent to each Claimant in June and July 1998 seeking additional information or documentation to assist the Panel in verifying and valuing the Claims.
Date commited to UNDU: 15/08/03
Material adjustments for prior periods are, however, shown in the financial statements below the results of the current period so as not to distort them;
We believe that it is the duty of parents to provide for their children.
For example, 21 per cent of the assistants are women. This indicator declines progressively to 20 per cent for lecturers, 10 per cent for assistant professors and 8 per cent for professors.
5. Follow-up to the consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
In 1988, his country had been attacked by some 70 mercenaries; the attack had been repelled with assistance from India.
Large Powers were vying for control of the region.
Since the successful anti-gang operations of 2006 and 2007, kidnappings seem to be primarily motivated by ransom and are confined to the country's larger cities.
"Two parts of you, even all who go out on the sabbath, shall also keep watch over the house of the Lord for the king.
P-4/3
I hate the way people spit and litter. It really turns me off.
They also supported the efforts of the Secretariat to convene a Consultation Meeting for Industrial Partnership and Investment in Africa.
UIF
4. In the case of disagreement by the coastal State with the recommendations of the Commission, the coastal State shall, in accordance with article 8 of Annex II to the Convention, make a revised or new submission to the Commission within a reasonable time.
54. The mandate of the Group is derived from Security Council resolutions 1807 (2008), 1857 (2008) and 1952 (2010).
It has built or is building pipelines to Turkey and Germany, taken over an oil company, and sought footholds in European distribution markets.
Meanwhile, individuals who are well known to everyone are officially incorporated into the law enforcement organs of Abkhazia and have received numerous military decorations for valour, while being officially acknowledged as executioners and torturers of many innocent civilians included in the long list of victims.
These are not people who came from outside their countries. They are people who in some ways lacked full citizenship, who demanded it, and who redefined the political order by obtaining it.
On 3 October, three Hizbullah militants were killed and several other people were wounded as a result of explosions at a depot for ammunition in the Bekaa town of Nabi Sheet.
I had to wait for the next stop and walk back
Doctors should pay more attention to the heparin dosage and lab indexes in order to avoid serious complications.
Education grant
The complainants alleged that the Government of Myanmar had demonstrated its unwillingness to act upon the repeated calls addressed to it by the supervisory bodies of the ILO to abolish forced labour in law and in practice and that, instead, the practice of forced labour was becoming more widespread and that the authorities in Myanmar were directly responsible for its increasing use.
Add to that the growing pressure to keep things like reducing noise pollution and harmful gas emissions.
The fishermen knew that  trout  were out of season at that time.
We concur that the progress achieved in the implementation of the Plan of Action adopted in 2001 should be complemented by further efforts to strengthen the agreed mechanisms and measures, including support for the prompt conclusion of a binding international instrument in that regard, particularly with respect to the marking and tracing of such weapons in order to prevent, counteract and reduce their illegal transfer.
Then she grieved for the beloved man whose conventional standard of judgment had caused her all these latter sorrows; and she went her way without knowing that the greatest misfortune of her life was this feminine loss of courage at the last and critical moment through her estimating her father-in-law by his sons.
That proposal is currently under review to ensure its conformity with the Government's strategic objectives regarding the elderly in relation to their health, education, economic activity, social security, family and community environment, personal involvement, role in society at large, rights and obligations, well-being and quality of life.
The Committee is not convinced of the need for the P-5 post; the team is led by a staff member at the P-4 level.
Nothing in the world can delight me so much as
Boards of directors meetings
Some delegations inquired about simplifying some interventions and treatment protocols.
Nevertheless, the United States had never accepted the Committee's competence, arguing that the Territory had had its own Government since 1952 and therefore did not fall within the scope of the Declaration.
The role of the government mainly consists to form the path, to create political and legal preconditions, but it is the enterprise that really brings any draft project of cooperation into life.
In the case of peacekeeping operations, the amounts are additional to those resources currently being sought for the financial period 2004/05.
7. Providing access to health care, especially for marginalized groups;
27. Exemption from the provisions of part II of chapter 3 can also be applied for in relation to all forms of monopolization under section 24 of the Act, which constitute serious and highly anti-competitive restrictive business practices.
Military liaison officers
The Committee also stresses the importance of addressing issues such as poverty, which in many countries forces women into prostitution and makes them vulnerable to exploitation and trafficking.
We got it verified that the registration was not matching with the maker of the vehicle. So then I had a sixth sense it is going to explode.
Condemning the continuing acts of violence and armed attacks against persons engaged in humanitarian and peace-keeping efforts and paying tribute to those troops and humanitarian personnel of several countries who have been killed or injured while serving in Somalia,
Unmatched political will had prevailed in addressing all issues that had been impeding the implementation of the Convention.
An objection to a reservation formulated after the end of the time period specified in guideline 2.6.12 does not produce all the legal effects of an objection formulated within that time period.
It further recommends that the State party monitor adherence to the amended Labour Code by employers in both sectors to ensure compliance with such provisions.
(h) To continue work on ship dismantling taking into account the work of the International Maritime Organization and information on the abandonment of ships;
Quality Assurance and Review Committee
They are part of a team that set out this week to become the first group of American women to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
At period end, the euro equivalent of these currencies is Euro1,706,470 (2011: Euro758,391) based on the respective closing United Nations Operational Rates of Exchange.
Ever - better the ideal always lures a sportman forward.
6.2 All taxes and duties levied by the Chinese government on Consultant, in connection with and in the execution of Contract, according to Chinese tax laws and the agreement between the government of PRC and the government of Consultant's country for the reciprocal avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income shall be borne by Consultant.
VII. How to contribute to the Fund
A: Tom' s a good man, but you' re better qualified for this job.
No more chance for the Aussies.
This undertaking must now be operationalized, building also on article VI and the 13 practical steps for nuclear disarmament agreed upon in 2000.
As it is, you boast and brag. All such boasting is evil.
1997 World Women's Handball Championship
It was deploying its second corvette to the Maritime Task Force of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) and planned to send another Formed Police Unit to the African Union/United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID) as well as one engineering company to the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH).
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (Suppl. No. 12) UNHCR
How did you come by that scar on your forearm?
28. Without the least doubt, the work of the Special Rapporteur, in the Commission's view, is to facilitate the Commission's study of the topic on the basis of his reports, which should take into account not only the doctrine, precedents and available practice of States, but also the commentaries made by the members of the Commission and Governments, both in writing and in the General Assembly.21
17 September 1998
Unless the treaty provides otherwise or the well-established practice followed by the depositary differs, late formulation of a reservation shall be deemed to have been accepted by a contracting party if it has made no objections to such formulation after the expiry of the 12month period following the date on which notification was received.
The Special Rapporteur also envisaged a draft article that would provide that: "Each State is obliged to extradite or to prosecute an alleged offender if such an obligation is provided for by a treaty to which such State is a party."
Similar training was conducted in Damascus for 70 women representing nine centres.
The shear strenth is equal to the cohesion of substance.
Intermediate eXperimental Vehicle
In that connection, we need only refer to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the International Criminal Court.
USG- ASG
Taking into account the incorporation of the gender focus in protection programmes, the national government adopted Resolution 805 of 2012, issuing a specific protocol on the gender focus and women's rights referred to in article 50 of Decree 4912 of 2011.
You have weathered many of them in your life.
The Samoyed dog takes its name from the Samoyedic peoples of Siberia and has been used for sledding and herding reindeer.
Second session
37. Mr. Chowdhury (Bangladesh) said that the five-year review of implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, which coincided with the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, was taking place at a time when millions around the world were denied the basic human rights to food, shelter, health care, clean water, education and work.
Heed my words and speaketh them to all,
The department store checks stock every day.
There was, however, a huge discrepancy between legal stipulations and reality because women in the labour market did not know how to defend themselves effectively.
Implementation of the outcome of the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
There's a glittering array of glass to choose from at markets.
(Decrease: $1,653,500)
Poland supports the development of the institution of diplomatic protection in the articles, seeing it as a human rights protection instrument.
Participating agencies are NASDA and the Remote Sensing Technology Centre (Japan) and NRCT, the Department of Town and Country Planning, the Office of Agricultural Economics, the Department of Land Development and the Department of Fisheries (Thailand).
When the allocated right to the use of the land is withdrawn without compensation, the municipal or county people's government shall, in the light of the actual state of affairs, give due compensation for the above-ground buildings and other attached objects thereon.
164. The Committee remains concerned, in spite of the efforts undertaken, about the low level of the minimum wage, which remains well below the minimum subsistence level and is therefore inadequate to provide workers with a decent living for themselves and their families.
When the war began I was like fifteen and there was some quite difficult times because it was quite a hard bombing in my city.
UNOPS: Changes in annual business acquisition (project portfolio) and income
12. Several delegations welcomed the Inspector General's ambitious programme and asked for more detailed reports in the future.
If you want to get there on time, you'd better hustle.
45. The preparation of qualitative assessments induced an end-of-biennium self-evaluation of the outcomes of programme delivery for all programme managers.
To address the root causes of racism and racial discrimination against Roma within society and build a society based on tolerance, respect for cultural diversity and non-discrimination, the Special Rapporteur strongly recommends that States invest in education.
If there were no leadership of the Party, we could not live a happy life.
They restate the relevant norms in all phases of internal displacement and pay special attention to the needs of internally displaced children.
This request was made on the basis of article 72 (3) of Royal Legislative Decree No. 339/1990 (Road Safety Act Ley de Seguridad * The following members of the Committee participated in the examination of the present communication: Mr. Abdelfattah Amor, Mr. Prafullachandra N. Bhagwati, Ms. Christine Chanet, Lord Colville, Ms. Elizabeth Evatt, Mr. Louis Henkin, Mr. Eckart Klein, Mr. David Kretzmer, Ms. Cecilia Medina Quiroga, Mr. Fausto Pocar, Mr. Martin Scheinin, Mr. Hipólito Solari Yrigoyen, Roman Wieruszewski, and Mr. Maxwell Yalden.
Power brownouts were imposed on many snowstorm-hit provinces some of whose electricity was halted .
Years later, South Africa was to intervene in Lesotho to reverse a military takeover of government in the Kingdom of Lesotho, and deployed, with Mozambique and Ethiopia, a policing force in Burundi, under the auspices of the African Union.
9. Mr. Viyaketh, Minister of Industry and Commerce, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Chairman of the Group of Landlocked Developing Countries, underscored the fact that the Thematic Meeting provided a critical opportunity to assess what had been achieved thus far and what could have been done better with a view to achieving the Almaty Programme objectives before the end of the decade.
In addition, the teams maintain regular contact at the expert level with Council members and with troop- and police-contributing countries.
Does the Government of the Hong Kong SAR have the authority to extradite terrorists in the absence of a formal agreement with the requesting State?
23. In light of its general recommendation No. 33 (2009) on follow-up to the Durban Review Conference, the Committee recommends that the State party give effect to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, adopted in September 2001 by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, taking into account the Outcome Document of the Durban Review Conference, held in Geneva in April 2009, when implementing the Convention in its domestic legal order.
Though the teeth of Homo gautengensis proved they had begun to eat plant, the ancestor of man was by no means vegetarian.
405. This article does not apply to Tunisia.
From 10 a.m. to 12.30 p.m. and from 2 to 5 p.m. in Conference Room 1.
It includes transcription services, data input, software development, remote access server maintenance, web development, creation of databases, digitization of old documents (i.e. architectural drawings), translations and editing.
According to the report, this new "record holder" first bought a bottle of 19, 000 euro wine.
Bangladesh hoped that the negotiations launched with that country would bear fruit and that it would soon be able to return to the NPT fold.
20.47 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) stable conditions will prevail in the international economy and in the management of macroeconomic policies in the countries of the region, placing the economies in a better position to cope with external shocks or disruptions; and (b) the international community will support and assign priority to the concerns and needs of ECLAC member States with respect to their macroeconomic policies and long-term growth strategies in the context of the regional and international development agenda.
The Government of Myanmar must stand by its people through the democratization process.
In point of fact - and contrary to the allegation made this morning - Rwanda and Guinea-Bissau are and remain the only two valid candidates put forward by the Group of African States.
After all, if I really were born there, then I would lose what is called "Genuine" , and I would have nothing to be proud of.
76. The Department of Peacekeeping Operations accepted this recommendation commenting that the Office of Legal Affairs had been requested to clarify the legal status and therefore disciplinary regime that applied to formed police units.
With the increasing monopoly control by transnational corporations over all components of the food distribution chain, from production, trade and processing to marketing and retailing of food, and control over the majority of water concessions worldwide (see E/CN.4/2004/10, paras. 35-52), it is becoming more difficult for less powerful national Governments to regulate transnational corporations working within their territory to respect human rights, making it essential that the often more powerful "home" States engage in adequate regulation.
when not in use, the platform has fallen to under water, the lake became calm again.
As noted in my previous report, there are serious concerns that this new legislation will not only curtail EULEX involvement in the judicial oversight of privatization, but will also severely weaken the protection of privatization funds and expose the funds to the possibility of improper use.
You're indestructible but you couldn't get away,right?
In addition to the reply to question 10 of document E/C.12/Q/GER.1 the following statements are made.
" The old woman said, "Have you not seen a needle
13. Agreement was reached on the fact that the most practical means of implementing Council resolution 1995/27, section I, and Ninth Congress resolution 2 would be a four-day meeting of the expert group.
Observers from the following countries and regional economic integration organizations were present: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Botswana, Brazil, Canada, China, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Ecuador, European Commission, Germany, India, Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and United States of America.
The seeds also differ in shape and sculpture.
Expressing its concern over the projected adverse effects of anthropogenic and natural climate change and ocean acidification on the marine environment and marine biodiversity,
 The new organizational structures should coordinate their activities, which should be geared to serving the interests of all countries, including those with economies in transition.
The main focus now is closing the deficiency of the non-commissioned officers by the end of 2012.
I don't think I run roughshod over people, but if something sucks, I tell people to their face.
24. Mr. Bin Naifeh (Qatar) said that terrorism and its root causes should be addressed not by waging wars, which could only spread destruction and fear, but through a global, coordinated effort and within a legitimate legal framework that respected the principles of human rights.
Case studies conducted in selected countries as part of the resource flows project supplemented the responses to the mail inquiry.4
The Commission agreed with the proposals that references to the language and any media (such as a newspaper or journal) should be removed from the provision and that it should instead focus on the goal to be achieved: publication internationally so as to be accessible to international suppliers or contractors.
After the 1995 amendments, however the Marriage Act provides for the recognition of decisions given by an Ecclesiastical Tribunal and provided that at least one of the parties to the marriage is domiciled or is a citizen of Malta.
Commission on Population and Development
Other targets include the Houses of Parliament, Whitehall and Buckingham and St James' palaces, with the threat level described as "severe".
Armenia supports Security Council resolution 1540 (2004), which reaffirms that proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a threat to international peace and security.
My driving instructor certainly puts me through the mill.
GIEACPC recalled relevant recommendations made by the Committee against Torture (2010) and the Human Rights Committee (2009).
In light of information received about the practice of forced sterilizations on women with disabilities, as well as about forced abortions and forced use of contraception by women and girls recruited by illegal armed groups, please provide information on the measures in place or envisaged to address these issues, in particular plans to revise Law 1412 which currently allows legal representatives to impose sterilization without free and informed consent of women or girls with disabilities.
Kōraku-en
Based on the Flemming principle, staff regulation 6.5 (a) provides that "the Director-General shall fix the salary scales for staff in the General Service and related categories, normally on the basis of the best prevailing conditions of employment in the locality, taking into account the recommendations of the International Civil Service Commission".
It is the same life that shoots in joy through the dust of the earth. in numberless blades of grass and breaks into tumultuous waves of leaves and flowers.
He was able to settle with his creditors, and avoid going to jail.
73. Information in the following sections is divided between notified transfers of military materiel; potential inadequate notification of transfers of military materiel; inadequate notification of transfers of military materiel; and non-notified transfers of military materiel in violation of the arms embargo.
New Caledonia is now the most frequently visited destination by P&O Cruises in the region, with the Territory receiving almost half of all port visits made by the company's three Australia-based liners.
VB 8 B: Brown Dwarf or Planet?
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on 22 December 2004
Confirming the continuity of the decisions of the three previous conferences on Afghanistan held in Bonn (2001), Tokyo (2002) and Berlin (2004), as well the Kabul Declaration on Goodneighbourly Relations (2002) and the Dubai Declaration on encouraging closer trade, transit and investment cooperation (2003),
95. During the period 2007 - 2011, the education sector benefited from 12 per cent of extrabudgetary expenditure, i.e. 3 per cent of GDP.
An independent monetary policy crafted by the Fed is one of our enduring achievements.
Luncheons with Consuls-General
Table 12.1 Summary of requirements by component [former table 12.1]
Atrial fibrillation is one of the most common arrhythmias in clinical practice and often causes the thromboembolism complication.
The vessel has since re-routed to Egyptian waters and anchored off the port of Al-Arish after being attacked by IDF.
64. Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons (resolution 58/35 of 8 December 2003).
This year’s general election superimposed on this a more traditional left-right split, with a resurgent Labour Party capitalizing on voter discontent with Conservative budget cuts.
In some cases, the Military Advocate General found no evidence of wrongdoing and closed the investigation.
One bright spot for consumers is the continuing decline in fuel prices
13. Invites relevant United Nations entities and partners to allocate sufficient technical expertise to enhance, in close consultation with concerned Member States and relevant authorities, data collection on and documentation of the impact of emergencies on the access of children and young people to quality education, disaggregated by age and gender, and on attacks on educational institutions, students and educators, with due consideration given to information provided by concerned States and relevant authorities;
In that regard, we commend the various initiatives already undertaken by leading nations and by the United Nations.
Allowable-use exemptions for mercury-added products
A statement was made by the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States.
41. The Committee calls on the State party to take concrete measures to enhance women's access to health care, in particular to sexual and reproductive health services, in accordance with article 12 of the Convention and the Committee's general recommendation 24 on women and health.
How about this-- how about for one night, We hang out like old times, but unlike old times, I won't get out of control, unless you want me to.
Macroeconomic policy
12. Taking into account the additional responses mentioned above, as at 24 July 2006, the Secretariat had received responses from 77 Member States, of which 59 were parties to the Convention and 18 were signatories.
It was also important that development agencies ensure inclusive regular consultations and coordination to increase the effectiveness of their activities.
Introduction . 1 - 17 3
21 December 2001
The Acting President: That information will be reflected in document A/58/360/Add.2, to be issued tomorrow morning.
Yet, engaged in a war driven by fury and vengeance, the Israelis are now focused again on a manhunt for gang chieftains, targeted killings of Hamas squads, and the arrest of its political leaders, not on peace overtures.
In February 2014, UNDP, in partnership with UNSMIL, organized a one-day introductory training workshop for about 600 candidates for the Constitutional Drafting Assembly on constitutional processes and concepts.
He made every effort to arrange for their travels or education in the United States.
49. The Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief has consistently stressed the importance of a continued and strengthened dialogue among religions or beliefs, encompassed by the dialogue among civilizations, to promote greater tolerance, respect and mutual understanding.
Compared with growing piglets, cherry valley ducklings are more adaptive to the wheat diet.
The developing target of China's foil industry in ten year is showed.
Write it in the empty space at the top.
It was yet another case where the human eye outperformed radar.
Mr. Zheglov (Russian Federation) agreed that private and military activities must be regulated by international instruments.
At its 47th plenary meeting, on 21 July 2004, the Economic and Social Council took note of the report of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on its forty-seventh session and approved the provisional agenda and documentation for the forty-eighth session of the Commission set out below, on the understanding that intersessional meetings would be held at Vienna, at no additional cost, to finalize the items to be included in the provisional agenda and the documentation requirements for the forty-eighth session.
70-mm grenade launcher SPG9
Our simulation results show that the climatic effects of three different uplift periods on the subsystems of Asian monsoon are different.
The Office is providing counterparts with specialized training and developing software for the establishment of a new anti-organized-crime database that is intended to aid prosecutors to identify criminal networks operating within the Dominican Republic.
We applaud the Inter-Agency Standing Committee for its work to ensure that the Emergency Relief Coordinator's designation or appointment of the humanitarian assistance coordinators is transparent and consistent with the spirit of General Assembly resolutions 46/182 and 47/199.
34. If the Syrian request concerning programme budget implications were carried to its ultimate conclusion, it would mean that programme budget implications would have to be provided for every recommendation the Advisory Committee made.
Draft fourth Programme for the Development and Periodic Review of Environmental Law (Montevideo Programme IV)
Both sets of legislation specify that the ban also encompasses sexual harassment.
It must also provide non-nuclear-weapon States with effective and comprehensive assurances against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
"5. Calls upon the United Nations Environment Programme to continue to strengthen its activities related to small island developing States and least developed countries, in pursuance of the outcome of the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, held in Port Louis from 10 to 14 January 2005, and the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010;
Founded in 1951 the Association is a network of women engaged in the field of radio and television broadcasting and in fields closely allied to the broadcasting industry.
They usually try and mimic what they have watched on the big screen.
Costing $80 million and years in the making, "Red Cliff" is the most expensive Chinese-language picture ever mounted.
This includes integrating referral mechanisms by creating networks of existing services and bringing together relevant sectors to respond to violence against women.
The Committee approved the text of the draft decision and submitted it to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration and possible adoption.
Case 505: MAL 1
UN-HABITAT United Nations Human Settlements Programme
(b) Five members of the Tribunal shall be from Asian States;
Also, due to increased security risks faced by United Nations troops and staff, these solicitations must be handled with extreme caution, due diligence and in closer coordination with all stakeholders involved.
A particular emphasis was placed on developing research and training institutions of multinational scope.
The people of a nation should not have to live as second-class citizens, or be displaced through land expropriation and economic pressures.
Position: Member Secretary, Nepal Law Reform Commission HMG/Nepal (1992—date)
CONCLUSION: The heparin in heparinized collagen / silk fibroin blend film still possesses good anticoagulant activity;
18. The mountain project is moving into a new phase with reduced financial support from UNU.
Public health professionals have traditionally taken an approach to epidemiological research that focuses on the population as an object to be studied, thereby failing to recognize and utilize the population's experiential knowledge.
I want to watch it, too.
66. With regard to the transfer of the functions of the Mine Clearance and Policy Unit of the Department of Humanitarian Affairs to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, he gave assurances that the Unit would continue to pursue its humanitarian objectives and that the humanitarian principles which characterized its work would not be abandoned.
(i) Letter dated 14 October 1994 from the Charg d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Yugoslavia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/C.3/49/7);
Initially, it can be done only in informal sessions, which is why the essence of next year's work will lie in the informal sessions.
Right in the parking lot?
As part of the new organizational chart, the Evaluation Unit was separated from the planning and monitoring functions and now reports directly to the Executive Director.
Stanford, California
Prosecutors in 28 provinces registered complaints under the law in the past year, although less than one quarter of the cases reached the courts.
33. The deliberations within the Second Committee offered a unique opportunity to translate the goodwill which had emerged from the High-level Dialogue into guidelines for action, in order to help all involved to move from words to concrete, results-oriented activities.
And Pakistan and Indonesia, by basing capital requirements for microfinance institutions on the size of the population that they expect to serve, are enabling these institutions to serve distinct market niches sustainably.
57. UNEP agreed with the Board's recommendation that, in conjunction with the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Office at Nairobi, it establish a working group for both the International Public Sector Accounting Standards and the enterprise resource planning system.
Presumably because Urey and Shaw are on the assets-freeze list, and their presence on the Lonestar Board was made public in June 2005, they replaced themselves with two low-profile individuals, S. Layola Flemming, a Liberian national, and Amos Affuol, a Ghanian national.
The Chairman: I take note of what the representative of Iran has said.
Mexico Annex III
Kim Yeong-gi
This legal fact is incontrovertible.
3rd Army
I really need a good relax during the vacation
It is class='class2'>difficult for a class='class3'>teacher to class='class4'>give class='class5'>individual class='class6'>attention class='class7'>to class='class8'>children class='class9'>in a class='class10'>large class='class11'>class.
A quick trip to the emergency room saved her life.
The mutual recognition by Israel and the Palestinians was an event that most countries welcomed as heralding a true, qualitative change in the nature of the relations between the parties.
In many occasions, Medecins Sans Frontieres's representatives have discussed the dire situation of refugees and displaced populations with UNHCR, WFP and OCHA officials.
Healthy Ageing Seminar and Exhibition ( 5  6 June 2004)
Asst Computer Op Mgr (OP) CCC 4
The foundational way of anti - corruption consists in normalization and institutionalization of national affaires.
131.115 Provide adequate protection to human rights defenders at risk, especially involving the right to freedom of expression, peaceful assembly and association (Ireland);
Mégevette
QCRs of the practicing firms are carried out with dual purposes.
Ambassador Ghazi Jomaa (Tunisia)
A. INTRODUCTION
Shijian 12 15 June 2010 UTC
12. Adoption of the Report.
UNSCOL 81 0.2 76 0.2 (5)
For the Fund of UNDCP, two performance reports are submitted to the Commission.
Articles 399 and 282 CC cover the illegal acts of "concealing" or "continued retention of property" (actions of safeguarding, handling or using a thing that originates from crimes committed by others).
Chapters 3.1, 3.7 and 3.8
All suspicious transactions were analytically processed by the Department and subsequently passed on to the competent institutions pending on nature of transactions (RS Ministry of Interior, RS Tax Administration, RS Prosecutor's Office).
3 p.m.
It is the way ancient architects lay out things in the gardens that makes them unique.
The panel voted 9 to 4 with one abstention on a question that asked about the product's safety.
73. At its thirtyseventh session, the Committee declared inadmissible complaints Nos. 284/2006 (R.S.A.N. v. Canada) and 288/2006 (H.S.T. v. Norway).
The State party should investigate all allegations that confessions have been obtained under torture and ensure that the guilty parties are prosecuted and punished.
Many businesses have their own policies about storing data online.
It is obvious that the world was not ready to tackle the obstacles and consequences, temporarily destabilizing, of processes which would ultimately lead to the full democratization of international relations.
Investments Section
Through research on settling theory analysis is given on the factors effecting on coal slime settling.
Not so bad then.
Although the CB framework is still largely in line with the present priorities of non-Annex I Parties, a thorough country-driven assessment of the existing and required capacities of these countries in view of the implementation of the UNFCCC will be instrumental in clarifying further their specific needs and relevant priority actions.
:: Plausible future scenarios
Regulations on the control of ephedrine have steadily been improved.In March 1998, the State Council issued the Notice on Further Strengthening the Control of Ephedrine.
To forward to the Twenty-Fourth Meeting of the Parties for consideration the draft decision incorporating the plan of action contained in section F of annex I to the present report.
While a number of responses were received from claimants, few satisfied the above criteria.
Personal strength: Math whiz. Weak spot: A lot of people say that he doesn't have the elan of Roberto, according to one beverage analyst.
Defines the languages supported by the code generator.
This cooperation, at both bilateral and multilateral levels, should, moreover, be effected within the context of the NATO-Russia Permanent Joint Council.
wear her heart on her sleeve Angel "She is kind of player who never hides how she's feeling.
That if the symptom being pregnant has leucorrhea is abnormal , the body aches slightly all over , the temperature rises status?
At its 6740th meeting, on 26 March 2012, the Council considered the item entitled "United Nations peacekeeping operations".
In September 2013, the memorial was inspected and cleaned, overhead wires were moved and the area around the site was improved.
Increase in the total number of prisons rehabilitated and secured (2007/08: 0; 2008/09: 3; 2009/10: 4)
(a) 177,278,350 dollars, consisting of 16,494,050 dollars, being half of the estimated income other than staff assessment income approved for the biennium 2010 - 2011 under resolution B above, plus 19,686,400 dollars, being the increase in income other than staff assessment income for the biennium 2008 - 2009 approved by the Assembly in its resolution 64/242 B of 24 December 2009, plus 141,097,900 dollars, being the unutilized surplus of the final appropriations for the biennium 2006 - 2007 as at 31 December 2007;
The study emphasized the adoption of a systematic approach to the formulation of social protection strategies in order to align them with other development policies, and the institutional arrangements needed to make social protection sustainable and truly effective.
Argument over policy led to a split in the party.
22. The situation in Guinea-Bissau (6 November 1998; 5 November 2009).
Individuals of both sexes enjoy the same right to hold Yemeni nationality under articles 2, 3 and 4 of the Nationality Law (Law No. 6 of 1990).
The Working Group was informed that there has been an increase in reports of enforced disappearance since new emergency regulations were introduced by the President of the Republic in May 2000.
'Person here waiting for you.
In the latter instance, the Enterprise shall have one year from the date of such notification in which to decide whether to conduct activities in that area.
The sea thundered on, over and past , and as it roared by it revealed a hideous sight.
Report of the workshop on the preparation of national communications
Education is a proccess of human beings' spiritual life activities.
19.92 During the biennium 2014-2015, the Programme Planning and Partnerships Division, under the overall supervision of the Deputy Executive Secretary (Programme), will accord priority to improving the relevance and impact of the work of ESCAP through more strategic results-based programme and project planning, strengthened monitoring and evaluation of programme and project results, enhanced technical cooperation and capacity development planning in relation to resource mobilization, and strengthened collaboration with development partners.
The army rode with whip and spur to their rescue.
Key phrases and sentences Beijing is so busy ! are sopeople.
FILTERS FOR PERSONAL EYE-PROTECTION EQUIPMENT USED IN WELDING AND SIMILAR OPERATIONS
On 1 December, I participated in an event for International AIDS Day organized by the Turkish Family Planning Association and the National Commission for HIV/AIDS in Ankara.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
:: Rapporteur for Revised Guidelines for national reports on the implementation of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
|   |  | New Testament New Testament New Testament Second of the two major divisions of the Christian Bible
The Committee is also concerned that the State party's harmonization efforts only relate to this specific draft law and not to the whole of the State's legal order.
 17. At the national level a number of key questions with considerable significance for strategic decisions cannot be answered at all, or only partially, or only in some countries.
We escaped from the hustle and bustle of the city for the weekend.
(f) To be guided by the Guidelines for the Prevention of Crime and play a leading role in developing effective crime prevention strategies and in creating and maintaining institutional frameworks for their implementation and review.
PART FOUR
Any position you take now won't likely last long and before you know it, you'll be looking again.
In thermal equilibrium, on the other hand , a system is far from static.
An importer, for example, does not receive a shipment immediately after ordering it, and is often given a short period of commercial credit.
In this context, the Office of Political and Civil Affairs was established effective 1 July 1998 staffed by two Senior Political Advisers, one Political Affairs Officer and two General Service staff.
The parties must do that.
- Winner of Directors Of The Year Awards 2005 in the category of Listed Company (SEHK Main Board) Executive Directors, hosted by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors (HKIoD), co-organized by the Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau, the Government of the HKSAR, the Securities And Futures Commission and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited.
Thematic discussion on results and lessons learned in the medium-term strategic plan focus area 4: Child protection from violence, exploitation and abuse
ARDEX has the resources and infrastructure to reliably serve every customer nationally.
Messengers: No. of items
Palestinian National Authority trade with Israel/total Palestinian National Authority trade (percentage)c
Pursuant to the Act "on the intelligence bodies of Ukraine", the intelligence bodies of Ukraine, along with other tasks, are entrusted with the task of participating in the control of international organized crime, including terrorism.
So... Barzini will move against you first.
The Special Rapporteur has already given his reasons for rejecting the special linkage adopted on first reading between compulsory dispute settlement and the taking of countermeasures.
Council members welcomed the establishment by the Government of Iraq of a successor arrangement for the transition of the Development Fund for Iraq, consistent with resolution 1956 (2010), and the ongoing efforts and commitment of the Government of Iraq to ensure that oil revenue is used in the interests of the Iraqi people, and to ensure that transition arrangements remain consistent with the Constitution and with international best practices in respect of transparency, accountability and integrity.
A change came over Cronshaw's placid round face.
For more information about the two awards, please go to
(h) Details on support provided to and by Member States and other entities;
Access to family benefits
Water to water.
50. Through a balanced combination of normative, analytical and technical cooperation activities, the subprogramme will support national statistical systems in the Asian and Pacific region to improve the production and dissemination of key demographic, social, economic and environmental statistics, including the Millennium Development Goal indicators, in accordance with internationally agreed standards and good practices, and will promote the effective use of statistics by policymakers and members of the public in pursuing inclusive and sustainable development.
Cowperwood was disturbed, nonplussed at this unexpected sight.
Report of the Executive Director for 2003
For children under age 3, public financing for care facilities is less common.
They, of course did a lot of wrongs.
"Without that, what would become of me?
(i) At the end of service, staff who meet certain eligibility requirements, including residency outside their country of nationality at the time of separation, are entitled to a repatriation grant which is based on length of service, and travel and removal expenses.
The priest shall take the grain offering of jealousy from the woman's hand, and he shall wave the grain offering before the Lord and bring it to the altar;
His delegation would be willing to accommodate modifications to the scale if they spread the permanent burden of payment more broadly among the major contributors.
the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer
20. People differ in their attitudes towards failure.
Evaluation of a regional medical evacuation centre linked to peacekeeping missions (Pretoria and Johannesburg, South Africa)
Geodesics and cartography
Table 8.6, item 1
The SBI encouraged the secretariat, in scheduling workshops, to explore the possibility of convening some in association with the sessional period, while recognizing the constraints that would impose on small delegations.
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the two draft resolutions recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 10 of its report.
United Nations development activities would thereby be promoted and strengthened, and the United Nations capacity for responding to new issues enhanced.
(d) Implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries, and implementation of the International Development Strategy for the Fourth United Nations Development Decade
He met with a wide range of governmental and non-governmental actors, as well as representatives of the international community in Pristina, Mitrovica and Belgrade.
17:11 And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come, and restore all things
Table 3a. Total posts
65. An Education for All (EFA) National Plan of Action (NPA) has been developed through broad-based consultations with principal actors of EFA and other stakeholders.
Moreover, it is now commiting 鈥?directly and indirectly 鈥?public money to buy mortgages.
We agree with the report to the effect that one of the greatest short-term challenges facing Haiti is the upcoming senatorial elections, and with the recommendation that every effort must be made to guarantee that this democratic exercise be free, fair and inclusive.
Officers trained (mission induction training)
Objective for the biennium, expected accomplishments, indicators of achievement and performance measures
It recommended that Croatia ensure full cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), inter alia, by ensuring that all indicted persons in their territory are arrested and transferred to the custody of the Tribunal, and enforce all relevant legislation providing for the protection of witnesses and other participants in proceedings.
Xiaguan District
26. On 30 July, the Government of Israel issued its own report on the factual and legal aspects of the operation, in which it stated, "Israel had both a right and an obligation to take military action against Hamas in Gaza to stop Hamas' almost incessant rocket and mortar attacks upon thousands of Israeli civilians and its other acts of terrorism. ...
This will require improvement in the quality and quantity of official development assistance (ODA), a fair and inclusive global trading system, alleviating the debt burden of developing countries, and increasing the distribution and quantity of foreign direct investment.
In order to make information available to the public, the Rules provided for the establishment of a transparency repository.
(d) Monetary valuation of depletion;
It is not just a matter about how others see us.
(ACERS) Committee against Torture, Subcommittee on Prevention of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, fourth session [Part I, article 2 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment and report of the Human Rights Council (A/61/53)]c
United Nations * New York, 2012
VI. OFFICERS
(c) The Guardianship Act of May 2004 excludes European unaccompanied children from receiving the assistance of a guardian;
Tools
The principle of shared responsibility should be applied fairly and equitably.
In a five-year period, 2009 - 2013, 2,224 Palestinian structures (figure 2) were demolished, including residential structures and schools in the firing zones.
It is intended to provide, on a regular basis, current information pertaining to the development of public international law.
Article 10. Equality in education 178-212 39
Report of the Trade and Development Board
The Committee encourages the State party to consider the possibility of acceding to the other major international human rights instruments as these would help to strengthen the efforts of the State party to meet its obligations in guaranteeing the rights of all children under its jurisdiction.
Trust Fund for the Support of the Activities of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad
The assessment of the results and additional recommendations for action were presented at Equal Pay Day in 2011.
Circulate a monthly release of toilet paper and collection of certificate photos.
11. It was proposed that the General Assembly:
We are getting ready to take part in the speech contest.6.
 Although the anticipated massive flow of immigrants from the former USSR has not materialized, with a combined population of 285 million people and some 130 ethnic groups, the area continues to hold a significant migration potential.
Under these wellknown framework conditions, I initiate our new sessional period.
The start-up of UNMIS in March 2005 has had only a partial impact on the number of transactions during fiscal year 2005.
354. Health expenditure in Cyprus is rising steadily.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The database is currently in the testing of functionality phase.
2. The present membership of the Advisory Committee is the following:
Urges each State party whose report has been examined by a human rights treaty body to translate, publish and make available in its territory the full text of the concluding observations of the treaty body on its report and to provide adequate followup to those observations;
7. An essential element of a SWAp (and of a PRS) regardless of the funding mechanism is a Medium-Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF).
I know what I have to do, but going back means to face the past, I have escaped for a long time.
And that thing happened to be unemployed and sleeping on their couch.
Tiberian Twilight
Soldiers click their heels when they stand to attention.
CERD also expressed concern about the discrimination affecting the Korean minority and that the authorities reportedly urge Koreans applying for Japanese nationality to change their name to a Japanese name.
Minorities are in a vulnerable economic and social situation with respect to employment, access to housing, marriage, pension coverage, access to health facilities and education and the State institutions.
Development of Web-based Database for Oil Well Tubing
The Group of Experts was appointed by the Secretary-General (see his letter to the President of the Security Council dated 21 April 2004 (S/2004/317)), and the Group submitted its first report on 15 July 2004 (S/2004/551).
The Deputy Executive Director (Programme) provided an introductory overview.
 10. Referring to the provisions of General Assembly resolution 49/233, section I, paragraphs 3 and 4, he stressed that they should be applied by the General Assembly, which had the prerogative of determining which operations were subject to fluctuations.
Indeed they argue that the key question of UNEP supporting capacity-building is not seriously addressed within the framework of these projects;
In the middle of the dispute stands the Port Authority, a joint body of New York and New Jersey states.
The range of features which are common to AIJ, JI and CDM and experience from the AIJ under the pilot phase could be usefully employed in the design process of the project-based activities for which credits can be obtained.
210. The Administrator took note of the observations and indicated that many of the points made by the executive secretaries, in particular the declining share of resources flowing to regional programmes, resulted from actions taken by the governing bodies.
Would you like me to help you with anything else
She had to restrain herself and swallow hard in her position as a housemaid.
A. Western Europe and North America
By the request of the Customs Authorities carriers of goods shall provide specimens and test samples required for the performance of customs control, and perform cargo or other similar operations related to goods and means of transportation.
Lavcevic claims USD 4,684,871 for interest.
Global assignments
Sad October and her sadder self seemed the only two existences haunting that lane.
We fully endorse this view.
States parties agree to consult and cooperate with each other regarding the implementation of the provisions of this Convention.
The Portugal international injured his kneecap late last night against Celtic.
Since 2003, the University of the Virgin Islands has also had a research and technology park on St. Croix.
I could not get over how awful she looked sitting there, helpless.
Information about the financial performance of the project in terms of cash flow is necessary for private investors to assess the financial viability of a project.
33. In the case of Non-Self-Governing Territories, self-determination referendums must be carefully organized so as to guarantee their democratic legitimacy and limit participation to those who really have a link to the Territory and not allow recent settlers and colonizers to participate therein on the same basis as natives; nor can artificial barriers such as language tests be required, given that they sometimes exclude precisely those who are entitled to exercise self-determination.
But I suppose everyone has got their ways of on and that is Sir Alex's.
However, there may be a possibility of informal prostitution being present with the increasing number of sexually transmitted infections.
(b) Consider any information relevant to paragraph 6 above that should be brought to the attention of the Committee;
11 October 1996 The United Nations denounced the accusations of UNHCR involvement.
Away in a Manger
The World Bank has offered 20 million dollars, while the European Union and Australia are giving four million dollars each.
The Global Forum had been a suitable framework for exchanging information, identifying the sector's strengths and weaknesses and seeing how it could be enhanced in order to generate well-being and improve quality of life in the developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
But the Constitution ensures that the president will not become an all-powerful ruler.
A/61/6 (Prog. 4)
The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities on 24 June 2008;
12. Requests the Secretary-General, in his implementation of the measures pursuant to the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, to proceed expeditiously also with the implementation of the present resolution, inter alia, by issuing as soon as possible his bulletin on sexual exploitation and abuse, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, including information on any new cases of sexual exploitation revealed and the measures taken to deal with such cases.
'If it could type for me and think for me and get the dry cleaning, I would consider it, ' said the fashion designer Peter Som.
2. Also notes with regret that the United Nations Conciliation Commission for Palestine has been unable to find a means of achieving progress in the implementation of paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 194 (III), and reiterates its request to the Conciliation Commission to continue exerting efforts towards the implementation of that paragraph and to report to the Assembly on the efforts being exerted in this regard as appropriate, but no later than 1 September 2015;
The demand cutting tool and machine tool for dry cutting are analyzed and studied this paper.
At its reconvened fifty-second session, the Commission adopted resolution 52/14, in which it requested the Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to present to the Commission at its fifty-third session, in 2010 the changes that would need to be made to the strategic framework and a report on the implications of such an approach for the Office and for the allocation of resources to the subprogrammes of the programme of work, taking into account the views expressed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in the relevant parts of its report.
When curing temperature below glassy temperature of adhesive coating, bonding strength is reduce with curing extent increase.
The Signal-Man
El Tarra
His talents blossomed into genius, and school and college became a series of triumphs.
Hiroshi Minagawa
Introduction
State of origin
At the same time, measures to bring relief and redress to the victims must be initiated to complete the process of accountability.
Nova Lacerda
These arrangements should be institutionalized and must be in accordance with Article 17 (2) of the Charter.
He also informed the court that he had brought criminal charges against the judge.
When you were young , I had to tell the same story time and again till you fell asleep quietly.
On Friday 4 December, at 12.30 p.m. the President of the General Assembly, in his capacity as Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Eastern Republic of Uruguay, will present a gift of a sculpture in wood entitled “Amaneciendo Verticalmente”.
Yeah, and they're drinking all the wine.
(i) Core budget approved
2. Reaffirms the determination of Member States to take measures to prevent nuclear weapon proliferation on a non-discriminatory and universal basis and urges all States, particularly Nuclear Weapon States to pressure Israel to cease its clandestine nuclear activities and to shut down its nuclear reactor especially the Dimona Nuclear Reactor given the highly disturbing news on the increasing possibility of nuclear radiation leakage out of it, which may lead to an environmental disaster in the Middle East.
Of the 15 recommendations without a target date, 13 are ongoing and the full implementation of the remaining 2 are dependent on factors that are beyond the control of the Administration.
556. It was noted that the strategic framework process is timely and deserves support.
Conduct training programmes, in association with knowledge partners and leading research and development institutions in the region, to introduce best practices in critical areas, such as research and development proposal preparation, research and development project selection, research and development project monitoring, enhancing of creativity of research and development in human resources, research and development management information systems, intellectual property protection, commercialization of research results, and planning and implementing joint international research projects.
We'll order after we see the sample.
In Diala, lengthy power cuts have prevented the governorate from realizing any gains from increased efficiency and the per capita water share has dropped by 30 per cent.
Such catastrophic events underscore the vulnerability of coastal regions worldwide to extreme weather events that produce intense storm surges (increased water depth at the coast) and large, powerful waves.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
"Smile intensity predicted whether or not participants divorced at some point in their lives," the researchers said, adding: "The less intensely participants smiled, the more likely they would be divorced later in life.
Summary
Chile was a Government and was also given the status of Captaincy General - in recognition of the war waged against the Mapuche people - until its independence from the Kingdom of Spain in the nineteenth century.
We are equally grateful to the Secretary-General for the diligence with which the Organization has implemented the Programme over the years.
In addition, in 2007, ICAO and the Halon Technical Options Committee will prepare a working paper for consideration by the ICAO General Assembly.
The first view you will see is a bar chart showing the most costly data structures in the heap.
3. UNDP did not have any financial assets or liabilities recognized at fair value through surplus or deficit at 31 December 2013.
Following later briefings in New York, which included consultations with the Security Council on 21 July, my Special Representative took up his appointment in the Sudan on 1 August.
Global Alliance for Women's Health
Public administration and development management
A2. The key conclusion was that none of the countries had conducted an integrated assessment of the state of marine environment report.
Pursuant to paragraph 3 of article 16, a number of Governments submitted information and their views on the issues raised in the Executive Secretary's report.
The Gellert Hotel and Bath is a popular tourist destinations in Budapest that should be a must-see for anyone new to the area.
He spoke most bitterly of his experiences in prison.
(c) The continued lack of acknowledgement by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea of the grave human rights situation in the country and its consequential lack of action to implement the recommendations contained in the outcome of its first universal periodic review;
3. UNDP
Representatives of over 50 African States were in attendance. The main objective of the Conference was to move sanitation and hygiene to the top of the development agenda in Africa and to assess progress, challenges and lessons learned towards achieving the Millennium Development Goal target on sanitation.
317. In order to improve feeding during pregnancy, measures have been taken to distribute supplementary iron and folic acid during this period.
 Considering that the repatriation and reintegration of returnees and the relocation of displaced persons are aggravated by natural disasters and that the process poses serious humanitarian, social and economic problems for the Government of Chad,
He smiled while examining her breast
The result is a vicious cycle of too much debt, too little growth, and too-low interest rates that, to quote the BIS’s Claudio Borio, “beget lower rates.”
The privileges and immunities provided for in those conventions were not designed primarily to benefit individuals but rather to protect the sending State and to ensure the efficient functioning of diplomatic and consular missions as representatives of States.
54. It was so decided.
46. The Committee recommends that the State party take appropriate and efficient measures in order to ensure that the principle of the best interests of the child form the basis and guide the process and decisions in asylum cases involving children, inter alia, by reforming the guidelines and procedures of the Swedish Migration Board.
There is no movement of the soil yet, and there will not be for some time.
Order of statements
The United Nations country team is developing a coordinated approach and guidelines aimed at ensuring freedom of movement for United Nations vehicles at all times.
France’s new president, Emmanuel Macron, based his election campaign on a synthesis of “right-wing” labor reforms and a “left-wing” easing of fiscal and monetary conditions – and his ideas are gaining support in Germany and among European Union policymakers.
We also affirm a national unity that accommodates all without exception, and the establishment of a regime with no isolation, no restriction and no discrimination among its citizens, a nation for all and with all.
10. The Committee welcomes various measures taken by the State party to improve its legal framework with a view to combating racial discrimination (arts. 2 and 6).
Some people, they eat very little; but they get fat all the time. And some people they eat a lot and just remain like a toothpick.
The gunfire raked the coast.
Report of the Secretary-General*
276. No substantive comments were made on paragraphs 31 to 34.
Experts also commented that treaties could be a major factor in any discussion or settlement process involving indigenous peoples, with a focus on conflict prevention as well as the establishment of fair and fully participatory processes to redress violations effectively.
I declare, and I must declare, that the Order is innocent. Its purity and saintliness have never been defiled.
77. The current positive atmosphere in global nuclear disarmament presented an opportunity that must be seized.
The President: May I take it that it is the wish of the General Assembly to conclude its consideration of sub-item (e) of agenda item 100?
"It had always been assumed that both eyes moved in perfect harmony and you looked at a word with just one fixation," he said.
In one operation conducted in Obilic on 10 April, KFOR confiscated 30 weapons and a significant amount of ammunition.
He then rose, and paced his room with a smile it would have been terrible to witness.
94. Figure IV shows the educational attainment of migrants and non-migrants in three traditional countries of immigration (Australia, Canada and the United States) and in selected European countries, based on information from censuses and other household-based inquiries conducted since the mid-1990s.
Draft resolution IV is entitled "Death and disability benefits".
H.E. Mr. E. Besley MAYCOCK
 Speaker at seminars on "The economy of the oceans", organized by the United Nations Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) in Santiago, Chile (1977) and Buenos Aires (1978).
13. The representative of Ireland, speaking on behalf of the European Union, pointed out that, although the last few years had seen an extraordinary increase in FDI flows to developing countries, there were still countries where FDI was excluded from certain sectors of the economy or where inflows were inhibited due to shortcomings in the political, economic and institutional environment and a legacy of distrust towards FDI.
18. Measurement of insurance output: the United Nations Statistics Division is planning to work on a handbook on compiling production accounts for the financial sector.
The United Nations Programme on Space Applications had made a useful contribution by promoting and coordinating space activities.
The Deputy High Commissioner indicated that the High Commissioner wished to encourage independent reflection on the functioning of the treaty bodies.
Oil prices recovered yesterday, rising $1.57 to $68.22.
However, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights has in its recent general comments, since 2000, sought to provide guidance as to what it would consider minimum essential levels of fulfilment for a number of rights.17 The minimum core obligations identified include among others the obligations:
Further, various participants at the Support Group meeting recommended that States demonstrate how they are applying national and regional strategies for incorporating and making indigenous peoples visible in their data-gathering processes and monitoring systems.
Environment and security - post disaster management
He is prepossessed with a queer idea.
UNIDO needed to get its baselines right if it wanted to be able to assess progress, and both donors and recipients of UNIDO projects expected nothing less, which was why results-based management (RBM) in all its dimensions would remain a priority for him.
A bowling night, right here in Pennsylvania. Winner take all.
Millennium Institute (special, 2003)
Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the
(c) To maintain a working relationship with the appropriate regional and intergovernmental organizations, particularly in the Pacific and Caribbean regions, by holding periodic consultations and exchanging information;
Lowest levels of secondary school attendance are in the poorest households and in rural areas.
(including land-use change and forestry)
Authority in Comparative Politics Larry Diamond Lectures at the Chinese University
Our company is at the forefront of plastic innovation.
(c) The BioTrade Initiative, although it was not part of the evaluation; and
The role would be wide-ranging and would require specialist knowledge of a number of different areas with regard to pensions benefit payroll, payments, treasury and financial record keeping and the reporting requirements of a defined benefit pension scheme with a substantial investment portfolio.
Pregnant women newly registered
Jamaica Labour Party
The "President" responded that he would himself visit the prison and look into the situation, including identifying a new location.
While the geographical dependence is obvious, the responsibility for efficient transit operation is probably shared, as explained in recent empirical research and field studies.
"Obligee" as mentioned in this Article refers to the owner of business secrets and the person who is permitted by the owner to use the business secrets.
A dedicated partnership facilitator is preferable.
Examples of these activities are as follows:
In 2005, the department arrested 10 drug couriers with 893.8 grams of heroin seized at the land boundary crossing points.
40. The Committee calls on the State party to study the needs of rural women.
Sound the appropriate signals as required by Colregs regarding overtaking situations
The King, like Metternich and the Austrian Kaisers, understands de Tocqueville’s dictum that the most dangerous moment for a regime is when it starts to reform.
Other activities:
" The deer replied: " Friend, so long as you allow me to hide in here, I then can seek the opportunity torun away .
- An appropriate balance should be struck between protection of copyright and adjacent rights, and promoting the free flow of information and ideas in society, including through measures which result in a strengthening of the public domain.
The names of the officers of the Main Committees from the twentieth session onward are listed in annex II to the present document.
For the past 13 years, there have been between 0 to 2 maternal deaths per year.
2. The membership of the Committee in 2007 is as follows (term of office expires on 31 December in the year indicated): Algeria (2007); Argentina (2008); Armenia (2008); Belarus (2008); Benin (2008); Brazil (2008); Bulgaria (2008); Central African Republic (2008); China (2007); Comoros (2009); Cuba (2008); France (2009); Ghana (2007); Haiti (2009); India (2008); Indonesia (2008); Iran (Islamic Republic of) (2008); Israel (2008); Italy (2008); Jamaica (2007); Japan (2007); Kenya (2007); Pakistan (2008); Portugal (2008); Republic of Korea (2007); Russian Federation (2009); Senegal (2008); South Africa (2008); Switzerland (2008); Uruguay (2008) Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of) (2009); and Zimbabwe (2009).
Overview
The objective of the Model Agreement, as with other interchange agreements, is to provide a contractual legal framework to govern the EDI relationship between the parties, including their terms and conditions of operation.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to establish a trust fund to enhance the participation in the hearings of representatives of non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations from developing countries, and calls upon Member States and others to support the trust fund generously and speedily;
In WTO, there has been progressive transparency in its operations, and there is now a requirement that all members participate better in decision-making.
One member of an Israeli enemy patrol directed abuse towards personnel at the Lebanese Army Fatimah Gate observation post.
Letter dated 21 May 2002 (S/2002/576) from the representatives of Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, the Russian Federation and Tajikistan addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement issued on 14 May 2002 by the heads of State of the parties to the Treaty on Collective Security on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the signing of the Treaty.
No solution has been come up though efforts made by Chinese and foreign experts.
"You stay here, Huck, till I come.
Feeding a Flawed Society
In addition, comment was made for UNDP to provide further information on innovations in carrying out audits.
I thought it's the time to have the way-back.
With the improvement of nutritional needs, it is no longer satisfied with eating only peanut oil, soybean oil, sesame oil, rapeseed oil has.
Procedures for voting on bills and motions in the Legislative Council Unless otherwise provided for in this Law, the Legislative Council shall adopt the following procedures for voting on bills and motions: The passage of bills introduced by the government shall require at least a simple majority vote of the members of the Legislative Council present.
(i) United Nations organizations
The review culminated in the report of JIU entitled "United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS): Broader Engagement with United Nations System Organizations".1
"the crow, pleased with the flattery, and chuckling to think how she would surprise the fox with her caw, opened her mouth.
282. The number of women occupying positions in the municipal assemblies also rose.
Test results show that the proposed control system is quite valid in suppressing the seismic whipping effect ofthe top machinery building.
larval settlement Settlement phase of some sedentary or benthic animals which commence life as free-swimming larvae.
(Signed) BAN Ki-moon
860 births
Agenda item 5: Election of the officers of the Main Committees
Introducing the item, the Co-Chair recalled that Article 6 of the Montreal Protocol called for a review, at least once every four years, of the control measures provided for in Article 2 and Articles 2 (A) to 2 (I) on the basis of available scientific, environmental, technical and economic information.
The legal, financial and administrative arrangements of the centres must ensure clear, transparent and objective reporting of activities related to the Stockholm Convention;
AC-IV folds into a rare form of a barrel-like shape previously seen in only three other unrelated proteins.
It is necessary to rebuild the tourism image in Guilin.
Chinese women have become a significant force in scientific and technological circles.
22. Significantly, the international disaster response law guidelines of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies contain references to the three humanitarian principles.
The new Director joined in June 2012. One Internal Auditor (P-3) was promoted to P-4 in January 2012.
Quick QA from netizens Could you recommend a book for me
Germany 75 - 113 18
On 2 December, at the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Security Council held an urgent meeting during which the members of the Council were briefed by the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations on alleged military operations by the Rwandan army in the eastern province of North Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
(a) Bargain and sale or conveyance of real estate, weapons, precious stones and metals, works of art, jewellery, automobiles and securities;
One State Party - Iraq - reported for the first time that it has retained mines for reasons permitted under article 3.
It provides information on, among other things, the nineteenth and twentieth sessions of the Division, held in Zagreb in 2008 and 2011, respectively; informal meetings; texts published in the information bulletin of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names; meetings chaired by the Division; the overview document prepared to collect information about the standardization of geographical names in the Division's member countries; the Division's website; and developments in terms of the Division's documentation.
The information is set out in the order in which the recommendations are presented in Annex 1.
One of the main items of legislation used in directing the development of culture in Tajikistan, including freedom of creative activity, is the Culture Act of 13 December 1997.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH LETTER DATED 28 JULY 1999 FROM THE CHARGÉ D'AFFAIRES A.I. OF
7. It was proposed that the General Assembly:
1577
According to article 9, paragraph 2, of the Law, foreign trade in arms and dual-use good and technologies, for which there are restrictions imposed under article 4, is conducted on the basis of a permit for each transaction, issued by an authority specified by the Council of Ministers and headed by a Minister.
Ali Ahmad Hashim
[Note to the Commission: With respect to subparagraph (a) of this recommendation, the Commission may wish to note that the commentary explains that, in the case of a person that is subject to insolvency proceedings, the grantor (the person entitled to encumber the assets of the insolvency estate) may be the person that is subject to insolvency proceedings or its insolvency representative, depending on the approach taken in the relevant insolvency law.
Pž-7365/04-3
Serbia
Meanwhile forces other than political were moving.
The President: I think I can safely say that we in the United Nations can congratulate ourselves on the re-election of Executive Director Anna Tibaijuka.
Judgements on appeal were rendered in the Čelebići13 and Jelisić14 cases.
This surge has resulted in new troop-contributing countries deployed to some of these missions, some for the first time.
He had not foreseen this turn of   affairs, and was not prepared for it.
The Ad Hoc Committee of the General Assembly for the Announcement of Voluntary Contributions to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East will meet on Monday, 5 December 2005, at 11 a.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
Since 1 February 2003, operations of the Liquidation Team are confined to the warehousing facility in Tuzla and the two remaining locations (United Nations House and the logistics warehouse) in Sarajevo.
The achievements of the Convention are many. The Convention has provided stability and certainty in the international law of the sea.
32. Refugees, and to some extent IDPs and returnees, have benefited from increasing international recognition of their right of access to national HIV prevention and treatment programmes.
7. Encourages Member States, also in the framework of the Group of Interested States, to continue to lend their support to the Secretary-General, relevant international, regional and subregional organizations, in accordance with Chapter VIII of the Charter of the United Nations, and non-governmental organizations in responding to requests by Member States to collect and destroy small arms and light weapons, including their ammunition, in post-conflict situations;
Further requests [the mission] to provide military training, including in the area of human rights, international humanitarian law, child protection and the prevention of gender-based and sexual violence, to the [armed forces] ... as part of broader international efforts to support security sector reform.
Strengthen the comparative advantages of existing multilateral arrangements and institutions without compromising the principle of equitable geographical representation and equal partnerships, and promote the democratisation of the system of international governance in order to increase the participation of Non-Aligned Countries in international decision making;
ICRC made it clear during the conflict that it must be possible to evacuate wounded at all times.
82. In May 2013, the United Nations Office in Tashkent co-organized two Model United Nations Conferences.
Those unfounded alarms are aimed at deliberately tarnishing the image of Zimbabwe and projecting it as a failed State.
Target 2010-2011: 16 recommendations
Mr. MAGARIÑOS (Director-General) expressed appreciation for the Austrian President's words of inspiration and encouragement.
When he asked her to name a day for their wedding, she put him off.
(a) As long as societies have existed, individuals have attempted to modify and improve them, either gradually or through radical intellectual and ideological revolutions.
The draft protocol attempted to present the destruction of millions of obsolete cluster munitions scheduled for disposal as a virtue.
Item 7 of the Agenda
It is envisaged that this order will be signed into force in the near future.
Now men asked who they were, how they built and wonder why That they wrought standing stones of such size.
7. The Board continued to report the results of audits to the Tribunal through management letters containing detailed observations and recommendations.
Article 7 - Public and political life
Should there be a formal objection during the sixty-fourth session to the participation of either Guinea or Madagascar, then such an objection could, within the framework of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, be referred to the Credentials Committee for its consideration.
`That's you, Bill,' returned Black Dog, `you're in the right of it, Billy.
(b) The elaboration of practical means for the further development of the Register in order to increase transparency related to weapons of mass destruction, in particular nuclear weapons, and to transfers of equipment and technology directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons;
Of note, United Nations Headquarters has embarked on "Cool-UN" initiatives and energy-saving measures in the context of the renovation of the Headquarters building under the Capital Master Plan.
Gas Invest
V. THEMATIC ANALYSIS: COMPLEMENTARY INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS 33 - 45 10
Initiatives to reduce the cost of lending by improving the efficiency of bank operations
6. Legislation based on the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration has been enacted in Australia, Austria (2005), Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, China (the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the Macao Special Administrative Region), Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark (2005), Egypt, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Lithuania, Madagascar, Malta, Mexico, New Zealand, Nicaragua (2005), Nigeria, Norway (2004), Oman, Paraguay, Peru, the Philippines, Poland (2005), the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, Singapore, Spain, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Tunisia, Turkey (2001), Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Scotland and Bermuda, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom), the United States of America (the States of California, Connecticut, Illinois, Oregon and Texas), Zambia and Zimbabwe.
4. Appeals to Member States, in particular those within the Asia-Pacific region, as well as to international governmental and non-governmental organizations and foundations, to make voluntary contributions, the only resources of the Regional Centre, to strengthen the programme of activities of the Centre and the implementation thereof;
(a) To support members and associate members in their capacity-building by mainstreaming social protection concerns into diverse development sectors in support of fulfilling internationally agreed development goals, including the Millennium Development Goals, in the region;
2. Algeria
As clarified in the report of the Secretary-General (A/60/846/Add.5 and Corr.1), the delegation of procurement authority does not abrogate the responsibility of the official delegating the authority.
The motivating source of this work has been the benefits of integrated economic statistics for nationally and internationally coordinated economic policy in the interconnected global economy.
10. Palestinian children continued to be denied an adequate standard of living, health care, education and sometimes even food, in particular in the Gaza Strip, where many lived below the poverty line.
More than 120 women took advantage of the opportunity afforded by the conference on "Women and Finances" held in November 2007 to obtain information on the rights of women in the family, as employees of a family business, and in the event of inheritance.
5. Affirms that science, technology and innovation are essential enablers and drivers for the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals and the promotion of the economic, social and environmental components of sustainable development and should be given due consideration in the elaboration of the post-2015 development agenda;
Unit 113 This is how you turn on the computer.
91,250 mobile patrol person days to monitor the quartering of FAB and their heavy weapons (10 troops per patrol x 5 patrols per battalion x 5 battalions x 365 days)
 147. Now that military invasion and armed confrontation between the forces of the international community and the Haitian military have been averted, and with a view to protecting human rights when the legitimate Government is reinstated, new questions have arisen.
I packed up my pottery and got out of the place, feeling pretty sore.
A bidder's conference, which allowed potential vendors to visit the site, was held in Arusha on 13 October 2014.
Sea spider
The Israeli position has been rejected and cannot alter the fact that the Syrian Golan is occupied territory.
Taking the truck lifting  mechanism configuration design as the example, the concrete application method is produced.
"UNCTAD should further strengthen analytical work and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries on issues related to competitive law and policies, including at a regional level..."
(e) To focus on the ongoing arms embargo violations, including transfers of ammunition, single-use weapons and small arms;
Commission for Social Development, forty-seventh session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 10 (II), 1139 (XLI) and 1996/7]
It is too late to go to the cinema. Besides, it's raining.
1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014 (proposed)
OF ERITREA TO THE UNITED NATIONS ADDRESSED TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE SECURITY COUNCIL
Saint-Aybert
16. It was so decided.
154. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone.
It is no use starting late in life to say: I will take an interest in this or that
Agnosticism is the philosophical position that it is impossible to know about the nature or existence of God.
I immediately regretted answering in the way I did, but I said, 'I enjoy cleaning windows at night
The Council acknowledges in this regard the cooperation shown by the Government of Indonesia, the Transitional Administration and the people of East Timor.
"The Council expresses its deep concern at those events, which constitute a threat to the stability and security not only of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia but also of the entire region.
Procompetencia had signed agreements with universities, the Attorney General's Office, the Prosecutor's Office and the police.
"While based on relevant international standards, the internal procedure takes into account Lebanese law and judicial procedures, as well as the practice of the Commission since its establishment.
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations are invited to attend.
has a full legal capacity
Co-chairs of the Panel's technical options committees summarized the findings of their committees as follows: Ms. Helen Tope - Medical Technical Options Committee; Mr. Ian Rae - Chemicals Technical Options Committee; Mr. Miguel Quintero - Foams Technical Options Committee; Mr. Daniel Verdonik - Halons Technical Options Committee; Mr. Mohamed Besri, Mr. Ian Porter, Ms. Michelle Marcotte and Ms. Marta Pizano - Methyl Bromide Technical Options Committee; and Mr. Roberto de Aguiar Peixoto - Refrigeration, Air Conditioning and Heat Pumps Technical Options Committee.
All of the more than 900 patients who had been randomly selected to receive Chinese acupuncture, sham acupuncture or drugs reported similar improvements and reductions in the number of migraine-free days
The process of reaching recommendations
Private enterprises national and multinational while not bound by the Covenant, have a particular role to play in job creation, hiring policies and nondiscriminatory access to work.
This would allow an existing mission to concentrate on its specific mandate.
Additionally, actual practice demonstrating the successful application of this proposition is lacking, even when expressed as restricted to "extreme" persecution.
Her name is Milosevic . She is Romania's best - known female gymnast.
I actually had to end up being rather firm with him.
When we met the last time in the cedar tree and l felt your body move against mine When we met the last time in the cedar tree and I felt your body move against mine I knew with certainty that everything was wrong.
The Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that the organization of the symposium by COSPAR and IAF and the industry symposium should alternate each year, starting in 2003.
They simply detach their egos from materialism and re-attach it to spiritualism .
In the case of peoples in isolation and in initial contact, consent is even more important in that it fulfils the dual functions of limitation and protection.
The invoice indicates that the sale took place on 25 May 1990 and that the goods were delivered in June and July 1990.
Owing to the global and complex nature of those major trends, greater international cooperation and strong global governance are also essential.
Once these legal changes – the most sweeping in our post-war history – are in place by this summer, Japan will be better able to provide a seamless response for all levels of crisis.
Belgium
with the combination of engineering examples , influence on the reliability of silty soil slope by rain infiltrate is discussed.
32. The poverty level in Gaza stands at 75 per cent.
We'll feel so alive
What is a Gypsy?
The Organization already undertakes a broad range of actions to this end, helping Governments to draft national implementing legislation and supporting training programmes for those involved in its application.
Moreover, it appears that illiteracy rates for women are higher that the corresponding rates for men in the Arab countries, and that the absolute numbers of illiterate persons, both men and women, are growing steadily.
A proposal for change is more likely to be well received; an application for a raise or a request for promotion is more likely to succeed.GENTLE PERSUASION The woman who builds her professional edge in this way isn't condemned to loneliness and isolation.
For as long as sexual abuse will be a taboo subject, statistics and reporting rates shall remain unchanged.
(p) Note by the Secretary-General on the nomination of 24 members of the Committee for Development Policy (E/2006/9/Add.14);
(iv) Special events: International Women's Day (2); launching of the report on the status of Arab women: national laws and international conventions (1);
31. The adoption by the General Assembly of resolution 68/268 on 14 April 2014 had been a milestone in strengthening and enhancing the effectiveness of the treaty body system.
Others focused on improving capacity-building and outreach.
Article 10.
(a) Adjustment of the grant levels for some zones/currency areas;
Sabra
A number of people have come out of the Kibira forest exhausted and sick after having spent time in the rebel ranks.
The offence is punishable with a maximum of four years' imprisonment for any corrections officers found guilty.
More than half of the women referred during 2008 were between ages of 20 and 26.
51. The States parties reaffirm once again their determination to extend their full cooperation and to exert their utmost efforts, with a view to ensuring the early establishment in the Middle East of a zone free of nuclear as well as all other weapons of mass destruction and their delivery systems.
The introduction attempts to sort out the object.
Level
It is then, indeed, that I feel devoutly thankful to have been born fond of writing.
I never go past the theatre but I think of his last performance.
The soil of the Illinois prairies is fat, rich and thick.
In some places, marshes are being drained in order to farm the land.
A fossilized shark that swallowed a crocodile-like amphibian that, in turn, had gobbled up a fish has now been unearthed.
(a) Programme of work is effectively managed
Eleven papers were presented at the workshop by representatives of the various institutes of the Programme network and non-governmental organizations, by individual experts from Greece and Sweden, as well as by representatives of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
It'seems definite now that the gold deposits here have commercial potential.
176. Action by the General Assembly.
Initial observations on financial issues
Southern District
The Organization must treat full reimbursement to the countries concerned as a financial priority.
European Union:
How embarrassing, like, rushing.
And in what language?
Natural emerald, synthetic emerald and Sreen beryl sometimes have similar appearance.
85. She welcomed the introductory report, prepared by the Chairman of the 2010 Study Group on Treaties over Time, on the relevant jurisprudence of the International Court of Justice and arbitral tribunals of ad hoc jurisdiction and the second report of the Chairman on the jurisprudence under special regimes relating to subsequent agreements and subsequent practice.
Hephaestion
A. National human rights bodies 94 95 20
This information is communicated to Parties through the PIC Circular.
Effective functioning of the Organization
this is a horrible thing for a mother to say about her own child, but i don't know if he's strong enough.
Tropical cyclone warnings may be issued to meet specialized requirements such as those of the civil engineers and building contractors, wharfing companies, coastal transport and carrier operators etc. Depending on the special requirements and how the warnings are transmitted, a cost-recovery charge may be levied.
"12. Decides to include in the United Nations calendar of conferences and meetings for the biennium 2012-2013 the sessions of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies envisaged for the biennium, and requests the Secretary-General to make provisions for the sessions of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies in his proposal for the programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013;
She flushed crimson with shame.
And do you think part - time job is necessary for college student?
Under five years mortality rate
The coupling of both specialties resulted in the UT-AT, a combat transport that could no longer be called a walker due to its unique design.
Many companies are having trouble finding enough skilled people to manage them.
85. In order to enhance implementation of the GPA at the national level, the Coordination Office has funded, with the support of donors, the development of national programmes of action for the protection of the marine environment from land-based activities (see A/57/57, para. 352).
We therefore emphasize the urgency of addressing the climate change issue under the agenda item "Oceans and the law of the sea".
It also noted that the effectiveness of border protection and control varies widely among States in the region: border control authorities of most countries lacked human capacity and technological and logistical infrastructure.
If we want to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, in particular of nuclear weapons, all States must fulfil their obligations.
Much of the future demand for immigrants will concentrate on highly skilled labour and this will foster competition between developed countries.
In that connection, she endorsed the remarks by the Bolivian delegation, on behalf of the States of Latin America and the Caribbean, regarding the difficulties faced by conference services at the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), which resulted in increased costs.
The Investment Management Service informed the Board that the recruitment of a chief of risk management and compliance, as well as a compliance officer, had been approved by the Standing Committee and the General Assembly in 2005, and would be carried out in 2006.
45. Subject to The Ombudsman Ordinance, The Ombudsman may obtain any information and documents from such persons as she thinks fit.
It alleges a complicit act of the Ndola control tower in getting the DC6 to make a second circuit in order to enable the Fougas to get behind and above it -- something which is not consistent with the spontaneous expression of surprise overheard by Meijer (see section 13.8 above).
His comments focus on all of you not only a person.
the creation of ambience for the customer (e.g. in hotels and restaurants).
See Council decision 1998/292.
The ninth session of the Commission will be held in New York from 21 to 25 May 2001.
Good people management and communication skills.
IV.76 The Advisory Committee notes that UN-Habitat is collaborating with other United Nations organizations, as well as with stakeholders outside the United Nations, including Governments, local authorities, international financial institutions, regional development banks and the private sector.
When the driver wants more speed or power, he'step on the gas ".
This provides an important opportunity to strengthen dialogue and mutual understanding among youth globally and to promote youth participation, and also to increase investment by Governments and the international community in young people through addressing the challenges that hinder their development.
Indeed, such agreements reflect the growing internationalization of the domestic policy agenda.
" The desire for tall men begins very young, apparently.
(e) Financing and governing operational activities $8,000
In this context we warmly welcome efforts undertaken by the United States to start the parallel NATO and Russian process of actions that could create the necessary conditions to overcome all existing problems.
71. At the same meeting, the SubCommission considered draft resolution E/CN.4/Sub.2/1999/L.15, sponsored by Mr. Bengoa, Mr. Bossuyt, Ms. Daes, Mr. Diaz Uribe, Mr. Eide, Mr. Fix Zamudio, Mr. Goonesekere, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Joinet, Ms. Motoc, Mr. OlokaOnyango, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro, Mr. Sik Yuen and Mr. Weissbrodt.
Recognizing the importance of an enabling international and national environment to increase and sustain investment in the agriculture sector of developing countries and to create a more level playing field in agriculture through greater market access, a substantial reduction in trade-distorting domestic support and the parallel elimination of all forms of export subsidies and disciplines on all export measures with equivalent effect in accordance with the mandate from the Doha Work Programme of the World Trade Organization,
The Council of Heads of Government /Prime Ministers/ of SCO Member States agreed to hold its next meeting in Tashkent in 2007.
129. As in most countries, the different States and villages in the Sudan are not separated by borders or established checkpoints.
14. Good morning, dear
Other aspects of this problem have been by and large agreed to: it was thus decided that the `interested parties' would take part in the proceedings of the working groups in conditions of equality with the other participants, whereas at the plenary sessions they would only be present and, if necessary, could express their views only through the Chair.
500. The Committee requests the State party to attach a copy of the State Programme on Protection of Human Rights to its third periodic report and to explain how the Programme promotes and protects economic, social and cultural rights.
Accepted.
A book.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
The sanction for that is 60 days in prison and it also applies to the offence of prostitution that involves a minor person, if an apartment is rented to a minor or to an offender who in any other way mediates in prostitution.
284. A box corer was lost on a cruise immediately prior to the contractor's cruise, so no data on macrofauna were collected.
Other Exotic species have been introduced for landscape restoration, biological pest control, sport, pets, and food processing.
II. All relevant secretariat staff shall sign, complete and file with the Executive Secretary the following
- Female Students
In the instant case, the exclusion of pensioners from the monthly bonus was precisely the intention of the parties.
Only the front of the stage was lit up.
This momentous change in Nepal has also led to the conversion of a protracted conflict into a peace process, and we are confident that it will be brought to a successful conclusion.
The Working Group remains concerned, however, that the law appears to make the detention under extraordinarily restrictive conditions the rule for any person charged with a terrorist offence, without sufficient room for consideration of the specific charges against the detainees and their individual circumstances or dangerousness.
Please provide data on the number of working migrant women living in Germany in comparison with German women, German men and migrant men.
The Committee encourages the State party to ratify the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Air and Sea, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime.
Now, in order to enhance their design credentials all the time, it's quite important to keep on bringing new evidence of that
It is suggested that a new paragraph (c) be added along the following lines:
On Friday the 9th June
While the former were reflected in the prospects for an immediate end to the hostilities, the latter consisted of warnings of punitive measures if the peace plan were rejected.
As regards the participatory councils of female coffee growers, the strategy is being pursued under a partnership with the National Coffee Growers' Federation aimed at promoting opportunities for supporting and strengthening the organizational processes of Colombia's female coffee growers.
I realised this when learning about the structure and function of the stomach.
The days passed and the young boy was finally able to tell his father that all the nails were gone
Mr. Rao (India): Mr. President, I should like to join you in conveying condolences and solidarity with the Government and people of Pakistan in the wake of the national disaster and express the hope and wish that they will be able to overcome it soon.
Support was expressed in favour of preparatory work by the Secretariat of items (a), (b), (d) and (e) of paragraph 108 on the basis that they were of significant practical importance.
The highest trade-union body is the Congress, which meets once every five years.
ESCAP has been implementing a project on the right to development which contains a component on promoting the well-being of and non-discrimination against people with HIV/AIDS in close collaboration with Governments, NGOs and other United Nations bodies and agencies, particularly UNAIDS.
That I actually felt retarded, You wanna step on a real landmine? You wanna die?
This may include, for example, making such documents available at a specified site.
Other supplies, services and equipment
Challenges remain, and it is imperative that the Haitians, with the sustained support of the international community, work to overcome these obstacles.
That study was used in the drafting of the shadow report on gender to the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, coordinated by the Latin American and Caribbean Committee for the Defence of Women's Rights of Paraguay, in partnership with other civil society organizations.
7. The Millennium Declaration committed Governments around the world to a clear agenda for combating poverty, hunger, illiteracy, disease, discrimination against women and environmental degradation.
For that we have to ask what is the purpose of thought.We can't answer one without answering the other.
In addition to regulatory issues, the recent financial turmoil has highlighted the macroeconomic dimensions of the problem.
"Pathological" and problematic clauses
The JCPC in London is the court of last resort in appeals from the judgements of Bailiwick Courts.
It is, therefore, important to promote the global adoption of effective and efficient secured transactions laws, such as the texts prepared by UNCITRAL and other organizations such as the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law ("Unidroit") and the Hague Conference on Private International Law (the "Hague Conference").
This occurs despite the redeployment of Government officials from the Ministry of Mines to mining sites in the north of the country.
Photonic crystals are synthetic crystals made of two or more kinds of dielectricbuilding blocks arried in 1D 2D and 3D period structure of light wave length scale.
Under heading "Organ" read Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
chip and wire hybrid ic
They're simply trying to get your stocks away from you.
Letter dated 30 April 2012 from the Human Rights Committee to the Permanent Mission of Jordan, available at http://www2.ohchr.org/english/bodies/hrc/docs/followup/JordanFUApril2012.pdf.
However, building a fire that will blaze satisfactorily can't be done quickly or easily.
B. Elements to be considered in taking forward multilateral nuclear disarmament negotiations for the achievement and maintenance of a world without nuclear weapons
90. This new Treaty replaces one of the most significant disarmament treaties in history: the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms (START I) of 31 July 1991, which expired on 4 December 2009.
In the current phase, the changes are so rapid that before they can adjust to some shocks, they are dislocated by others.
China National Highway 308
They enter the church, where Self claims to be part of a Homeland Security investigation of the ritual slaughter of chickens.
And not only is the government’s fiscal position relatively strong; it also has $3 trillion in foreign-exchange reserves – a sum that far exceeds China’s overseas debts.
Contents
B. Recommendation to the Conference of the Parties on the decision guidance document for aldicarb
117. The External Audit is thankful to Management and staff of UNIDO for their cooperation and assistance during the course of audit.
That resulted in a collaborative partnership between the policy department and the statistical office, a condition which has been a key to the success of the electronic commerce programme, ensuring that the creation of new data sets would be used to support policy analysis.
The Ulaanbaatar Conference discussed, inter alia, two topics of particular importance and timeliness -- unilateralism as a threat to democracy and the oligopolistic control of the information media.
As a result, the conclusions in the present review are not as comprehensive as originally intended.
Chairman: Mr. Fernandez (Honduras)
Maritime incidents in 1945
* Following the adjournment of the 51st meeting of the Fifth Committee.
Voluntary or bilateral arrangements are being sought to meet this requirement to the extent feasible.
Report of the Secretary-General*
Put the cash  payment into cash box and close the cash drawer.
The SPD was informed that the National Police's Department of Public Order and Security must have authority in the matter.
35. Ms. Haynes (Trinidad and Tobago) said that ensuring food security was a multifaceted challenge that required appropriate policy responses and investments at the regional, national and international levels.
There is a linear relation between the distance from oases to desert and air temperature.
My pride stood in the way of that.
 19. Extensive use of electronic mail and of the very networking infrastructure described and recommended here was used to coordinate, communicate and to obtain timely reports from all the regions visited.
Health care for kidney stones added up to $8 billion in 1993, according to the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases.
Brazil
The way the economy grows must change, and all industries must eliminate waste, reduce consumption of energy and raw and processed materials, and use resources more efficiently, to develop production and consumption patterns that conserve resources and build a conservation-minded society.
The Committee is of the view that the author's complaint of sex-based discrimination is inadmissible ratione temporis because it stems from the succession of the author's younger brother to the title by royal decree of succession issued on 3 October 1980 following the death of their father on 23 May 1978, all of which took place before the entry into force of the Optional Protocol for Spain on 6 October 2001, as well as prior to the entry into force of the Convention for Spain on 4 February 1984.
The Committee recommends that the State party include women from all ethnic groups affected by armed conflict in peace negotiations.
Water need not become a limiting factor for sustainable development and human welfare.
Accounts receivable and deferred charges
The LGW technicians detected in these regions the difficulty that many have in seeking guidance and continuing medical treatment due to social and economic problems, such as poor access to public roads and transportation (which hinders those with reduced mobility, among them, elderly people and the handicapped).
Chapter five: The North Shaanxi folk song kept an eye on the individual (the Inner world of the Western peoples) and endue with loveliness of the human nature in the Western film.
Prime Ministers of the Cook Islands
63. The trial of Charles Taylor, former President of Liberia, resumed on 7 January 2008.
A. Draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.11
When the salsa or salad was served with fat-rich avocados or full-fat salad dressing, the diners absorbed as much as 4 times more lycopene, 7 times more lutein and 18 times the beta carotene than those who had their vegetables plain or with low-fat dressing.
30. Non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
(Agenda item 3(b))
Society member Charlotte Baldwyn warned: By far the most common concern for domestic dogs is obesity
Philippines
6. There is a need to speed up the identification of training priorities for 2002 and to develop a monitoring and evaluation system to measure the impact of this training.
30. A wide range of initiatives on the transfer of environmentally sound technologies and knowledge for sustainable forest management is being implemented throughout the world, mostly through projects at the national level.
British Royal Family
Mali
Multilateral Fund financing could begin immediately with pilot projects.
National adaptations of manuals on leadership roles and competencies (1) ; Collaboration between local government and civil society organizations through participatory planning and managing conflict and differences (10) [2];
Many did so at the session, having their hand stamped with a campaign logo and their photograph taken.
In July 2002, by its resolution 2002/1, the Council decided to consider creating, at the request of any African country emerging from conflict, a limited but flexible and representative ad hoc advisory group on African countries emerging from conflicts.
The Centre builds synergies between stakeholders to promote consensus and cooperation on issues of concern in e-learning by developing partnerships with relevant national, regional and international organizations.
SINGAPORE – With US President Barack Obama belatedly ordering air strikes and humanitarian airdrops of food and relief supplies to refugees in northern Iraq, the world is finally taking action against the Islamic State.
Procurement seminars held during the reporting period in developing countries and countries with economies in transition have resulted in a number of enquiries from vendors.
However, the Department of Management has informed OIOS that measures are being taken to reduce recruitment delays.
ARF was more common in men and among the elderly, although those aged 80 years or more were less likely to receive acute dialysis treatment.
The auctioneer shall state the drawbacks of auction targets to the bidders.
Path analysis shows that benefit of sports school for reserve athletes culturing only is the embodiment in national competition, not in world championship and Olympic Games.
Difficulties due to fund shortages have been compounded by elements of inefficiency and wastage in governmental institutions.
Those types of capacities need to be extended to other hazards and to be complemented by other risk reduction measures;
BR30. Please turn in your paper before leaving.
22. The unutilized balance resulted mainly from the faster than planned drawdown of military contingents upon termination of the Mission on 31 July 2008.
30. The Government was aware of the Committee's General Recommendations on domestic violence and was endeavouring to apply them in the legal and other spheres.
f For the project "security needs assessment protocol -- phase two".
He trafficked in illicit liquor.
Other countries are encouraged to join these efforts.
At the World Conference on Higher Education (Paris, 1998) and the World Conference on Science (Budapest, 1999), efforts were made to include a gender perspective and reference was made to the role of women.
For the 2007/08 period, only 588 new licences were issued, as the registration process was adversely affected by delays in the procurement of necessary equipment
Late rising isn't automatically beneficial.
(d) External debt crisis and development
34. With the expanding demands on the Human Rights Unit and strengthening of advocacy and outreach in order to successfully promote human rights, as requested by the Security Council in its resolution 1806 (2008), a need to ensure that the Unit is able to work closely with Afghan partners and to support Afghan civil society emerges.
"The Council urges all parties in Lebanon to continue to engage with Prime Minister designate Tammam Salam so as to allow the urgent formation of a government.
Through our Olympic committee and our national sports associations, sport has played an important role in raising our awareness and in promoting development projects in the areas of education, health, awareness of the danger of pandemics such as HIV/AIDS, polio vaccination campaigns, the fight against malaria, awareness of the dangers of drugs and the use of steroids and stimulants, and environmental protection programmes.
I was going to wait until dark, and then find you at your tent.
Category 1 HDMI cables are designed to support HDTV resolutions and frame rates.
His Government appreciated the tireless efforts of UNIDO to implement technical cooperation programmes in the Sudan and the contributions of donor countries and organizations to the implementation of UNIDO projects in the Sudan, which had had a great impact on their success.
Cape Verde and Sao Tomé and Principe (recommendation 32/2);
the 'guide' would really be a guard to keep him safe.
What kind of a place are our schools now?
Whatever the trouble, he always comes through.
The Full Court has original jurisdiction in criminal matters: (a) In respect of all indictable offences committed anywhere in the Bailiwick;
Documentation
So many of these hot stars exploded as supernovas that the remnants of these blasts overlapped with each other, creating hot bubbles that rose up out of the galactic plain and eventually burst, releasing hot gas into the Whale's galactic halo, Murphy said.
The report of the Secretary-General published last March (A/62/722) referred to cases of torture and ill treatment of detainees, including allegations of long-term arbitrary detention in facilities run by international forces.
Katie proved how talented she is musically when she performed in The Singing Detective remake.
He was so  absorbed  in his work that he was oblivious of the goings - on around him.
18. Recalls paragraphs 119 and 120 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and paragraph 79 of the report of the Secretary-General, and requests the Secretary-General to ensure the attainment of these projected benefits and to further identify subsequent annual benefits of the regional service centre at Entebbe;
However, the price surveys in respect of Geneva have always, or at least as long as ICSC has been in existence, only been made in the City of Geneva, excluding data from France but also from the rural areas of the canton and from the Canton of Vaud.
He stopped the car to pick up a young girl.
So it is necessary to carry out humanism management inside modern enterprise.
Nor could a country pledge itself to use its power of expulsion as a power to extradite so as to satisfy the need of reciprocity.
He sat completely silent and motionless.
The Penal Code also provides severe penalties in cases where the victim is a minor or where the offender is an ascendant or guardian of the victim or works in her home.
January 2016
This document contains the combined findings and recommendations of the consultations in 2010 and 2011.
Meanwhile, the CRC has been evaluating further notifications of endosulfan, and has agreed to forward to the next COP a recommendation to list endosulfan in Annex III based on notifications of final regulatory action by the European Union and 8 of the 9 West African countries that take joint regulatory action through the Sahelian Pesticides Committee (Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Gambia, Guinea Bissau, Mali, Mauritania, Niger and Senegal) [UNEP/FAO/RC/CRC.6/7].
Some noted with concern worrying figures related to HIV infection rates among young people and alarming high rates of sexual violence among girls in sub-Saharan Africa.
Operational technical and cultural visits 7.30 a.m.-6 p.m.
❏ UNCITRAL Model Law on Procurement of Goods, Construction and Services (1994) ;
At 0830 hours the Iranians installed two caravans at coordinates 859222 (map of Mandali).
In addition, every year some 40 non-member States are invited, upon their request, to participate in its work.
Statistical information should be disaggregated and include the numbers and profile of persons intercepted and disembarked as stowaways or following a rescue.
He welcomed in particular the inclusion and fair reflection in the document of a number of forward-looking proposals on such matters as transparency, confidence-building and more structured reporting by the nuclearweapon States.
He is an outdoor college student.
She wept with pity and delight.
Recommendation 2. In programming initiatives, the Special Unit should adopt strict criteria, and leverage the capacities of UNDP and other relevant United Nations organizations to enhance the contribution of South-South cooperation to development effectiveness
Also, one should remember that although mobile phones present no environmental or human health hazard in ordinary use, hazardous substances may be released into the environment from certain landfills, incinerators and recovery and recycling facilities if the phones are not properly handled.
(b) Areas where human settlements and transport infrastructure threatened by sand dune encroachment are recurrent sand storms;
I must say it was a very decent letter.
Weesby
The meeting rose at 10.55 a.m.
In Qatar, the Department of Youth Activities and Events of the Ministry of Culture, Arts and Heritage celebrated International Youth Day under the theme "Dialogue and culture".
So the system properly after the revision and perfection, can be widely used for a number of university students forum.
And there appear to be at least some moonstruck people in China Li told reporters that he had received more than 400 telephone orders in the past few days.
It is the responsibility of UNEP to prepare financial statements that reflect the entirety of its operations.
We would like to highlight the progress that has been made so far in the context of cooperation in those areas.
Of or relating to or involving spectroscopy.
It was his Government's intention to hold elections in 2012, provided that sufficient progress had been made against a set of specific milestones, one of which was the implementation of a new Turks and Caicos Islands Constitution Order.
Communicate with all Department head to find out the training needs of the Branch.
In the recent crisis no banks could manage to bail out the companies feeling financial pressure
It is in the best interests of the SPDC to demonstrate to the international community that these organizations do operate freely, within the laws of the country, thus facilitating their access to funding and contributing to the alleviation of the existing humanitarian situation. IV. Concluding observations
We would like to remind our development partners of, and encourage them to implement, our joint commitments under the Paris Declaration and the Accra Agenda for Action to pool and align our resources so that we can fast-track the achievement of the MDGs and ensure their sustainability beyond 2015.
In addition to stone and terra cotta cats, the newfound Bastet temple housed this bust of Harpocrates, the Greek god of silence.
5. As indicated in table 3 of the report (A/62/487), the additional funding requested in the report is proposed for the following:
1. Norway's position remains in accordance with this resolution.
A recent study on global trends in renewable energy and energy efficiency estimated global investments in 2006 at a record $100 billion.
At the local barracks he was deprived of his clothes, handcuffed, punched, kicked and beaten with wooden sticks, burned with cigarettes repeatedly and his legs were scraped with a sharp object that caused deep wounds.
The main objective of the Plan was to create opportunities for Sri Lanka's children in an environment that was safe and conducive to their overall development and to integrate interventions on behalf of children into the country's broader policies, while ensuring their consistency with Sri Lanka's cultural values, human rights and fundamental freedoms.
We all hope the Olympics will be a great success for Beijing and China.
Under the supervision of the Head of Legal Affairs, one Administrative Assistant (Field Service) will manage the specific legal administrative support to the Mission's Board of Inquiry execution.
When he looked up at the wall, he found the fly was there again! He walked to it carefully adn slapped it with all his strength.
The summary of the compilation and synthesis in this document focuses on broad trends during the period 1990 to 2010.
125. The purpose of this piece of legislation is to prevent and punish acts of violence that necessitate or justify specific forms of punishment or reparation or aggravated or adapted penalties because of the particular vulnerability of the victims of such violence or the situations in which it is committed.
Single-parent families make up almost one fifth of all families and are predominantly single-mother families, representing 86 per cent of all single-parent families.
Estimate 2004-2005: 80 per cent
The report also covers activities relating to the establishment of an advisory board and the provision of swing space.
Title: Are sulphonylureas all the same?
When are you going to get rid of that old bucket of bolts?
"Well, so much for the goose and the young gander," said Harry, "we shan't have to mind them now.
The clothes lie huddle up in a pile in the corner.
In that connection, it may be noted that the balance in the capital master plan account has been augmented by approximately $30 million of interest earnings.
A priority issue was how to ensure prosecutors' independence from political and other external influences.
49. No provision is required under this heading.
(e) Property rights and money
Why not simply specify starting and ending points on the circumference of the ellipse?
`Now, to the prisoner's conversation, Miss Manette.
(b) Increased requirements under facilities and infrastructure with regard to: (i) higher costs for reimbursement to the troop-contributing Government for contingent-owned self-sustainment equipment, as the provision is for the full year as compared to a partial provision for 2011/12 ($4,047,800); and (ii) higher maintenance services costs, such as engineering, cleaning and pest control and fumigation, as maintenance services estimates can also include the new locations, such as the Joint Border Verification and Monitoring Mechanism headquarters and four sectors ($2,024,000).
16. Decides also to apportion among Member States the amount of 15,982,800 dollars for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2005, in accordance with the levels updated in General Assembly resolution 58/256 of 23 December 2003, and taking into account the scale of assessments for 2005 as set out in its resolution 58/1 B of 23 December 2003;
Distribution of the Population by LGA 1973, 1983, 1993 and 2003
2. The General Assembly was encouraged by the increasing interest of the international community in the effective and full protection of the human rights of migrants and noted the efforts made by States to penalize international trafficking of migrants and to protect the victims of this illegal activity.
Learning how to manage diversity has become a more compelling necessity as our world has grown smaller and our interaction more intense and, indeed, unavoidable.
Never underestimate the power of sin in a family.
It was emphasized that the impositions and additional restrictions by Eritrea were aggravating an already dangerous bilateral and regional situation.
Hong Kong Film Archive Newsletter Issue 2 (November 1997)
Right to work: article 20 of the Constitution provides: "Society views work as one of the cornerstones of social progress.
When we speak we sometimes unintentionally choose words that have a negative undertone.
So what else is new?We do the same thing here in the U. S.
In the same vein, we have opposed any expansion of the permanent membership.
Install a vacuum relief anti - siphon device in the cold water inlet line.
In Southern Africa, the day after the wedding, the bride assisted the other women in the family in sweeping the courtyard, indicating her dutiful willing ness to help her in-laws with housework till the newlyweds could move to their new home.
- The African Union Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution;
The recovery continued in early 2011 building on the same factors.
It's a good deal. It's a good bargain
And for some things, in some places, there is a sort of stillness.
The present report constitutes the 2nd and 3rd Combined Periodic CEDAW Report elaborated for consideration by the CEDAW Committee, on the implementation of the provisions of the CEDAW Convention.
93. The Board of Auditors issued a modified audit opinion reiterating its concern with regard to expendable and non-expendable property because of significant discrepancies between physical counts and balances shown in computerized asset records, which indicate continued deficiencies in the asset management systems of various missions (see also A/62/823, paras. 15 and 16).
S/PV.4689; S/PV.4795
For example, taxing gasoline consumption with the objective of reducing pollution provides no incentive to purchase catalytic converters, which may be the least-cost way of abating the pollution.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest personal and official condolences to his family, the people of Finland and us all.
103. The Tribunal publicized its work by means of its website, press releases and briefings by the Registry and by distribution of its judgments, orders and publications.
9. The conversion of small-scale farming to cash-crop plantations has further uprooted many community members from rural to urban areas.
Wednesday, 16 November 2011
The waste liquid from alkaline paper making is a major industrial contaminative source,it is also precious regenerative resources.
Reaffirming its strong commitment to the sovereignty, independence, unity and territorial integrity of the Syrian Arab Republic and to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations,
"Small Enterprise Development and Job Creation in the Culture Sector in the SADC Region: Ethno-Tourism"
Most parish priests now turn a blind eye to the circumstances of a death to perform a funeral service.
Togo
They are excellent trackers, scouts , and archers, moving freely the countryside under the cover of night.
We forced the Invid's hand at Reflex Point.
Human rights and arbitrary deprivation of nationality
Zimbabwe
We anticipate that next year we will be in a position to provide a comprehensive report on his efforts and on the other fund-raising initiatives and their outcomes.
We'll on to the next item on the agenda.
The Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations (Vienna) presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and has the honour to transmit, in accordance with article IV of the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space (General Assembly resolution 3235 (XXIX), annex), information concerning Indian space objects Chandrayaan-1 (international designator 2008-52A), PSLV-C11-PS4 (international designator 2008-052B), Moon Impact Probe, RISAT-2 (international designator 2009-019A), ANUSAT (international designator 2009-019B) and PSLV-C12-PS4 (international designator 2009-019C) (see annex).
Records of other donors
Warcraft
Hungary
(ii) Providing a library service and an information service on hazards of various occupations, processes and substances and on control measures;
Drafting Committee
Human rights considerations were increasingly incorporated into all development plans and at all levels.
26. With regard to the remaining staff proposed for the Office, the Advisory Committee recommends against the Field Service post for the personal assistant to the Assistant Secretary-General. In the Committee's view, the functions of that post could be carried out by the special assistant and the administrative assistant requested for the Office of the Assistant Secretary-General.
The Advisory Committee deals in more details with the issue of redeployments of funds across groups in peacekeeping missions in the context of its general report on the administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of peacekeeping operations (A/66/718).
If fixing the bilateral trade relationship is too hard at this juncture, perhaps Trump should pursue cooperation with China in some other area.
With the proverb, it is a glorious human praised the film, even though the film's tone bleak sadness.
The key to the unfolding scandal appears to be Mr Zhang, a private businessman, and his company, Fuxi Investments, and one of its major assets, the Shanghai to Hangzhou expressway.
It's disgusting. You should be ashamed of yourself.
This week he sees the miracle of medicine work for some but not others.
 He noted that the term "ethnic cleansing", coined by Serb commanders to describe their heinous policy, had become a convenient euphemism for those who wished to evade the necessary action under the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
In 2001, China launched a nationwide campaign to eliminate illegal firearms, in the course of which large quantities of illegal firearms were confiscated and destroyed.
Trust Fund in support of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
 8. The following intergovernmental organizations were accredited to participate in the Summit:
 The Czech Republic has been actively participating in United Nations peacekeeping.
Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Service provided by Kwai Chung Hospital
With good orgnizing ability and having strong sense of responsibility.
Chek Lap Kok South Road
Protection of children, the elderly and the disabled from exploitation
The result has been a growth in single-mother families, and single parenthood has affected women's poverty rates to a much greater degree than it has men's.
She looks blue today.
Welcoming the report of the Secretary-General of 08 July (S/2011/422) on UNAMID,
Delete footnote a and the indicator thereto.
The Mission finds that Israel failed to investigate, and when appropriate prosecute, acts by its agents or by third parties involving serious violations of international humanitarian law and human rights law.
2006-7-27 20:27:51 Exclusive Agency Agreement This agreement is made and entered into by and between the parties concerned on September 20,1992 in Qingdao, China on the basis of equality and mutual benefit to develop business on terms and conditions mutually agreed upon as follow: The Parties Concerned (0532)832 (0532)415 Party A: Qingdao Hongda Industrial Co., Ltd. Add: 25 Qutangxia Road, Qingdao, China Tel: (0532)832 Fax: (0532)415 Party B: Huaxing Trading Company (Pte) Ltd.
A complete bibliography of the documentation reviewed can be found in annex XVII.
B. Some other languages had great influence on the English language at some stages of its development. C. The English language has been and still in a state of relatively constant change
The wisest way is not to be boastful.
(i) 2001: Fourteenth IRF World Meeting, Paris, France;
With respect to the preparation of studies for backlogged Supplements, the Secretariat had submitted volume II of Supplement No. 9 and volume VI of Supplements Nos. 8 and 9 for translation and publication.
A gust of wind swept the bed off the roof and sent it crashing into the courtyard below.
The Campaign aims to encourage the volunteer teams and family volunteers to show care to the needy by making knots / scarves through concern visits, and together build up a caring society.
These policies were described in the updated report that France submitted and presented to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in February 2005.
He faced a court martial for disobeying orders.
Kitakyushu Forum on Asian Women
Subsequently, the Gospel is introduced, where the faith in a leader and follow him is put forward as an ideal.
As at March 2007, 180 local farms covering a total area of 69 hectares and 35 vegetable farms operating by Hong Kong farmers in Guangdong covering 1 786 ha had been accredited.
44. The Committee encourages the State party to ratify the Optional Protocol to the Convention and to accept, as soon as possible, the amendment to article 20 (1) of the Convention concerning the meeting time of the Committee.
Mare Boreum quadrangle
and let the robe and the horse be handed over to one of the king's most noble princes and let them array the man whom the king desires to honor and lead him on horseback through the city square, and proclaim before him, 'Thus it shall be done to the man whom the king desires to honor.'
B+B-B+B locomotives
8 predeployment induction sessions and 7 post-appointment briefings for senior military personnel in peacekeeping operations at United Nations Headquarters
every unusual behaviour and differences in customer's behaviour already determined in the profile or in account turnover.
The law includes, inter alia, the prerogative of the Chief Immigration Officer to grant Caymanian status to certain categories of applicants.
This will be complemented by advocacy and technical support on gender-equitable policies, budgeting and resource allocations.
para. 208 (para. 89 in 2005/06)b
(d) Provisional agenda for the fifty-first session of the Board.
As we have quoted rock - bottom price, we can't give you any more discount.
George Bury Enclosed you will receive first of exchange for $500 at sixty days" sight, on George Bury Co., with which you will please to do the needful, and credit my account accordingly.
A. July 2006 to 30 June 2007
'It took a long time, and it was very painful, but looking back now, what we did during those few years has led to proper solutions,' he said.
In accordance with the United Nations reform process, UN-Habitat will also make available to United Nations country teams and other local partners, awareness-raising and information material on urban challenges.
It was regrettable that the small percentage of States parties possessing nuclear weapons had not fulfilled their NPT obligations regarding nuclear disarmament or their unequivocal undertaking to total elimination made at the 2000 Conference.
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, on Thursday, 31 May 2012, at 10.25 a.m.
It's there she learned Pieces of eight,'' and little wonder; three hundred and fifty thousand of 'em, Hawkins! She was at the boarding of the Viceroy of the Indies out of Goa, she was; and to look at her you would think she was a babby
The device is a needle with a blunt tip that moves freely within a copper handle.
The country has experienced three internal conflicts in 10 years and its third Transitional Government in one year.
(ii) Reduced percentage variance between extrabudgetary allotments and expenditures
If we do, we can work more efficiently and conveniently.
Lights Go On Again
205. The following conditions are required for ordinary retirement: to have reached the age of 60 and completed 35 years of service together with actual payment of the contributions required for those periods of time spent as an independent worker or registration as an employed person for the periods of time spent as an employee.
Monségur, Landes
Serb historic monuments and monuments of culture in Kosovo and Metohija are an unrepeatable expression of creativity in different epochs, and are keeping the memory of both the strong medieval Serb state, and of historical disasters and stagnation under occupation during many centuries.
24. The Committee urges the State party to ensure equal opportunities for women and men in the labour market, including through the use of temporary special measures, with time-bound targets, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention and its general recommendation No. 25.
As I looked at him, a picture of health and contentment, my mind went back to his mother.
A number of references were made to ongoing work elsewhere in the UN, in particular with regard to the Marking of Explosives.
Tuesday, 18 November 2014, from 13:15 to 14:30, in Conference Room 7.
Persons with severe intellectual disability or severe physical disability aged between 15 to 59
107. The World Bank notes that the monitoring of concession agreements is important for two reasons: first, it is not effective to expend large amounts of resources in negotiating agreements without effective mechanisms to ensure that stipulations are adhered to; and second, investments will be risky and failure of at least a share of them can be expected, so to ensure that assets are not tied up in nonviable enterprises, it is especially important to avoid incentives for speculation.
However, it regrets the lack of information on the effective impact of such measures and the general gaps in data collection on all forms and manifestations of violence against women.
- Election of officers
(b) The amendment, in 2005, of the Criminal Code to include a provision criminalizing torture;
The XI regional meeting of Latin American and Caribbean (LAC) country Parties was held in Panama City, Panama, from 17 to 21 July 2006, with the aim of carrying out a peer review of the national reports prepared by LAC countries, exchanging experiences and lessons learned, and preparing some conclusions and recommendations to be considered by the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention (CRIC) at its fifth session.
Within the limits of the authority conferred on them, their decisions are binding on all enterprises, institutions, organizations and associations, as well as on officials and citizens in the area concerned (Constitution, art. 104).
36. Turning to the comments made by the representative of the United States, he said that he had taken note of the reforms carried out as a result of studies on Guantánamo detainees and of the jurisprudence that was building up within the United States, which demonstrated that independent domestic mechanisms were in place to examine such situations.
They can gather more valuable social experience for their future life and career.
"But as soon as he has arisen, his kingdom will be broken up and parceled out toward the four points of the compass, though not to his own descendants, nor according to his authority which he wielded, for his sovereignty will be uprooted and given to others besides them
174. The Plan for Strengthening Civil Society reflects the government's intention to make voluntary associations more independent and sustainable, both for women and for men.
85 I would really appreciate your persuading your management.
Duration of 8 months
It's a gift What about your ability  to tell the future?
Looking back at the history of the GATS, audiovisual services have probably been the most sensitive and most complex sector for negotiators.
Azerbaijan
The Human Rights Council,
Between October 2000 and March 2001, 650 teenagers completed the programme.
In response to reports of restrictions imposed by some regions on entry by displaced persons, the Representative emphasized the fundamental right to seek to escape violence inside one's country; he also urged local authorities to ensure that displaced persons were not impeded in their efforts to find security and protection inside their country.
10. Observer status for the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance in the General Assembly (item 168).
Promotion and protection of all human rights, civil,
Formed
Menominee County
Total
What both sisters possess to a degree unapproachable by their colleagues is immense power and glorious13 athleticism.
Benjamin: Don't you know that?
However, it is noted that comparison between GM reporting to the COP vs. IFAD (and for audits) is complicated as a result various accounting standards and audit cycles, for example annual reporting in USD to IFAD and PWC versus biannual reporting in EUR to the COP and CRIC.
Agenda item 70
If you think I said too good, encourage yourself!
Luigi Lavazza was considerably skilled at carefully selecting the amount of each ingredient required for one particular blend as well as expertly determining the degree of roasting.
The index is compiled in a 10 sqm room in the NBS building.
Japan
This, is our Changzhou Island!
Thirdly, regional and gender disparities in employment opportunities also represent a significant barrier to the full enjoyment of the right to work.
Can't you sort the good from the bad?
Then I shall grant his wish.
There are many foreign cars on display in the square.
Artists have been accused of, and prosecuted for, incitement to violence when, in fact, aggressive individuals, groups or crowds, sometimes with the duplicity of local or foreign State authorities, were responsible for the incitement.
These days, choosing a career is almost a full-time job itself.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/59/L.65
In addition, given the fact that the time frame for the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals is the same as that of the Second Decade, the Goals and the Forum's focus and recommendations on them should also inform the plan of action.
This view is shared by several countries, while others apparently favour a more general entitlement.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
The review of UNCTAD's programme of technical assistance to the Palestinian people was presented in the empirical and substantive context in which it operated.
Q22: Please describe how your arms/arms broker licensing system, if any, can prevent Osama bin Laden, members of al-Qa`idah and the Taliban and other individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated with them from obtaining items under the established arms embargo.
This study explores the questions of waterfront commercial's design from macroscopic to microcosmic.
鈥淭his outage would have certainly had more people thinking about being dependent on only one platform,鈥?said Duncan Higgins, head of client relationship management at Turquoise.
This is a complex enterprise which requires coordination among different headquarters divisions as well as between country offices and headquarters.
The sign of the Red Cross plays a protective role and an indicative role as well .
He said that, according to Committee, the obligation to adopt special measures was distinct from the general positive obligation of States parties to the Convention to secure human rights and fundamental freedoms on a non-discriminatory basis for persons and groups subject to their jurisdictions.
Decision 48/VI
Twenty-four States parties to the Convention have since signed the Optional Protocol.
Yet economic growth and the consequential increase in energy consumption are imperatives for meeting the needs of a growing population and tackling serious local as well as global environmental problems.
This indicates that the overall participation of girls in both levels is still low.
Oh, god, no. no, no, no, no.
The means to prevent the crackle's initiation and stretching on the fine stamping die
Steven: Thats an advertisement for sit-ups, if you ask me.
Review of the work and functioning of the Human Rights Council
International public sector accounting standards implementation
6 In general, the figures are not reliable and vary within a range of up to 200 per cent.
Where does your son study
Subprogramme 1
With a skateboard, you can skate on the street.
Your wealth, fame and temporal power will shrivel to irrelevance
Today the U.S. market was also feeling the impact of such doubts.
He treated his parents thoughtlessly.
a. 1 female Thai was sentenced to 2 years imprisonment for pimping.
2. Report on budgetary matters for the financial periods 2009-2010 and 2011-2012
Lesotho supported the initiatives of UNIDO to promote the structural transformation of the least developed countries (LDCs), establish energy as a key pillar of industrial growth, poverty alleviation and wealth creation, and promote sustainable development through a green economy.
(a) A policy was created informing staff of the organization’s zero tolerance towards fraud and other serious unethical behaviour.
22. The ERP project will be guided by the following principles:
Two General Service posts on the technical support budget will be eliminated.
6. Reminds Governments that their obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women must be implemented fully with regard to violence against women, taking into account general recommendation 19 adopted by the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women at its eleventh session, reaffirms the commitment to accelerate the achievement of universal ratification of the Convention, and urges all States that have not yet ratified or acceded to the Convention to do so;
It will submit recommendations to the Board in 2015 on the assumptions to be used in the actuarial valuation of the Fund to be performed as at 31 December 2015.
Steering Committee meetings were organized/hosted, and 187 decisions were implemented
The frontal cortex a large area behind the forehead is the most recently evolved part of the brain.
Neither episode triggered serious unrest, despite the blow to incomes.
These different offshoots sprung out of the belief that gender does not exist in a vacuum and must be examined in the context of race and class in society.)
So far there are few studies aiming to investigate the students' autonomous English learning situation and to evaluate the level of their autonomous English learning competence.
(b) The introduction of a number of modifications in the regime of precautionary measures to protect arrested persons and detainees from ill—treatment or torture, such as the rule requiring that questioning outside the court has to be documented by sound or audio—visual recordings (Law No. 332 of 1995);
If you don't beat around the bush, you say what you want to say clearly and directly, without avoiding its unpleasant aspects.
Ten journalists (three in Kismaayo, three in Mogadishu and four in "Somaliland") were arrested.
29. Simultaneously, a number of cross-cutting enterprise ICT functions will have to be established to reduce the fragmentation of the ICT environment.
A large portion of those assets will be handed out in huge mandates to third party managers.
Review of the operation of the
"From an apoplectic stroke.
had she been a man , she might have been described as a bright young man of business.
We can distinguish between a social and a managerial definition for marketing.
Economic and Social Council
It belongs to a Chinese character. He won't allow anyone to land.
4 April 2012
Statement by the Assistant Secretary-General and Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women
On 24 May 2014, the World Health Assembly at its sixty-seventh adopted resolution WHA67.14 to reaffirm the importance of health in the post-2015 development agenda. In that resolution, the Assembly urged Member States to affirm their continued commitment to achieving agreed health targets and goals and the need to accelerate the achievement of the health-related Millennium Development Goals; and also urged Member States to incorporate into the post-2015 development agenda the need for action regarding the new global challenge posed by noncommunicable diseases and the continued challenge of global health security.
Hence, the seven commitments of the Brussels Programme of Action are being pursued and are factored into our national economic reform programme, with bilateral, regional and multilateral assistance from selected institutions and countries.
1. On the situation in the North of Mali
Sandgasse 33, 1190 Vienna
From the heavy cone dynamic sounding tests and the pressure tests grouting treatment is proved to be very efficient.
His desk is a shambles.
I rather like the smell of petrol.
All these efforts represent an ambitious agenda that is worthy of serious efforts.
Approved a two-year extension of the second country cooperation framework for Guyana (DP/2004/9);
 The Programme of Action emphasized, inter alia, the role of education, particularly of women, in achieving broad-based economic growth and the need for better integration of population policies into international development strategies.
16. Overall, total reserves and fund balances decreased by $4 million (1.7 per cent) to $237.4 million.
Tourism
On the display was an overhead view of the factory.
Member, Governing Board of the China-United States Exchange Foundation
Recalling its resolution S8/2 of 21 April 1978 on the financing of the Force and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the most recent of which was resolution 55/180 B of 14 June 2001,
France
Australia is surrounded by many oceans: the Indian Ocean in the west, the Southern Ocean in the south and the Pacific Ocean in the northeast.
We also reiterate our serious concern that improvements in existing nuclear weapons and their systems and the development of new nuclear weapons is in contravention of the assurances provided by nuclear-weapon States when the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) was concluded.
"3. Stresses that debt relief should contribute to development objectives, including poverty reduction and the achievements of the Millennium development goals, and in this regard urges countries to direct those resources freed through debt relief, in particular through debt cancellation and reduction, towards these objectives;
Investors from all over the world are coming to Colombia every day.
In fact, the more you study the numbers, the more you wonder what the politicians are getting so excited about.
43. Report of the Economic and Social Council (rule 13 (b); General Assembly resolution 3281 (XXIX) and Economic and Social Council decision 1982/112).
*Note: According to this report, information was provided on 2 December 1993, but was unpublished. It appears from the Follow-up file that in this response, the State party stated that sections 58 and 68 of the Charter of the French Language, the legislation which was central to the communication, will be modified by Bill 86 (S.Q. 1993, c. 40).
 For almost 50 years, this forum has devoted much of its energy to the search for a climate of security in the midst of conflicts related to decolonization, economic recovery, the arms race, the struggle against apartheid, and the threat of nuclear destruction.
External:
Yes; but when questioned by him, Denny denied knowing any thing of their plan, and would not give his real opinion about it
He wants to style himself as a "pioneer" of a new moral capitalism, rowing back on the free market promises that brought him to power.
Namibia strongly supports General Assembly resolution 68/8, and calls for the immediate and unconditional lifting of the embargo against the Republic of Cuba, in conformity with the obligations under the Charter of the United Nations.
The Agency has protested to the Israeli authorities that the actions described above that kill or injure UNRWA staff and students, or that interfere with UNRWA installations violate Israel's international legal obligations under general principles of international law, the Charter of the United Nations, the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, and, in many cases, the Fourth Geneva Convention and applicable international human rights conventions, particularly the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Finally there are bugs in social insurance management.
The Executive Board may wish to take note of the reports of the Ethics Offices of UNDP, UNFPA and UNOPS, and comment on the progress of the work of the Ethics Offices.
5. According to AI, the network of Human Rights Commissions, comprising the CNDH, the 31 state level Commissions and the Federal District Human Rights Commission, is not sufficiently independent from local governments and some of the Commissions are reluctant to act decisively on reports of human rights violations.
Make them do something. They're just standing around.
The Movement expresses grave concern about the deepening humanitarian crisis being faced by the Palestinian civilian population in Gaza as a result of the current military actions, the continued closure of all border crossings and the obstruction of access of humanitarian aid, including food and medicines, and the reduction of fuel and electricity supplies to the Gaza Strip by Israel.
5.3 For the author, the State party's interpretation of its reservation as precluding the Committee's competence to consider a communication in all cases where one of the events giving rise to a complaint occurred prior to the entry into force of the Optional Protocol, is incompatible with the object and purpose of the Optional Protocol.
He skinned his knee.
A day later, he declared a state of emergency across the northern third of Georgia.
Community-level disaster preparedness and outreach programmes on natural hazards have been established, and tsunami evacuation maps and signs have been produced and installed in the coastal areas of Phuket, Phang Nga and Krabi.
The Prosecutor should have the power to initiate proceedings proprio motu, and paragraph (c) of article 6 should thus be retained.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representatives of Chad, the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Italy and Rwanda, at their request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
Housing
Emerging issues and changing priorities may require departments or offices to respond by delivering additional outputs.
Mouvement mondial des mères international condemns the inability to develop "zero tolerance" policies against what is one of the most despicable crimes of humankind: the abuse of women and girls.
A multi - stage planning approach considering uncertainty is put forward based on improved minimum - cost spanning tree algorithm.
These advantages may include: avoiding the need for creating separate security interests for each project asset, allowing the concessionaire to continue to deal with those assets in the ordinary course of business, making it possible to pledge certain assets without transferring actual possession of the assets to the creditors.
The Panel finds that the programme constitutes reasonable monitoring of public health.
International Human Rights Instruments
No sign of rain at all
The overall lower requirements for facilities and infrastructure were offset in part by increased requirements for spare parts and supplies attributable to the need to repair nine rub halls damaged during a thunderstorm, construction services and petrol, oil and lubricants.
Yuke Landing Force Assault squadron, provide fire support to the amphibious force.
Please note that only scanned copies of notes verbales or form A/INF/65/2* will be accepted by e-mail.
Official efforts were also directed at promulgating Decree-Law No. 26 of 1986 based on the SCW's recommendation. This law eases litigation procedures before the Shariah courts and expedites decisions in urgent Shariah cases, e.g., alimony for a wife and the protection of minors.
1. Systemic challenges
The petrol is pumped out of the spare tank and into main tank.
 Seminars and workshops on the follow_up to the Uruguay Round had also been particularly valuable.
1. Any person commits an offence within the meaning of this Convention if that person unlawfully and intentionally proceeds with the financing of an organization with the knowledge or intent that such financing will be used by that organization, in full or in part, to commit or prepare the commission of:
103. Coordination of policies and activities has improved among the traditional partners in this area, including UNICEF, WHO and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
2.2 Subsequently, the authors requested the Minister of Justice to have their surnames changed into Hindu names.
Does the Witness Protection Act also apply to victims of trafficking in human beings, and has it been used in such cases, given that the report concedes that victims of trafficking are usually unwilling to testify in criminal cases owing to fear for their own lives and integrity or those of their families (para. 100)?
Members of the Council expressed serious concern following the recent violations of the ceasefire in Côte d'Ivoire.
253. We call upon all countries to prioritize sustainable development in the allocation of resources in accordance with national priorities and needs, and we recognize the crucial importance of enhancing financial support from all sources for sustainable development for all countries, in particular developing countries.
Renovation of the ETO system, taking into account the views of Governments and experts
Training has also been provided for public officials.
 There were two sets of guidelines, one for developed countries and the other for developing countries.
The world is yet to recover from the world economic crisis, and LDCs as well as developed countries are suffering from reduced exports.
Fifth Committee
Transmission of case 26 to the Committee
During the second visit, the Special Rapporteur participated in a meeting between the Government and affected communities to discuss modalities for prior consultation with affected communities.
He also stressed that the Secretariat saw the use of personnel contractors in the screening, testing and hiring of staff as a means of out-sourcing that made use of networks and resources that were not always available within the Organization itself.
Which of the following can be properly inferred from the statements above
The labels on food products give a lot of information about their nutritional content.
When we awakened we drove back to my place and I cooked a dinner.
As a result, small businesses are much less likely to offer health insurance.
1. At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled "Pattern of conferences" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
How many payment methods are there?
8. During the 2012 session, the Bureau of the Commission was constituted as follows:
Ben's gait was the hop-skip-and-jump -- proof enough that his heart was light and his anticipations high.
How many days will it take to finish the work?
Ireland
To ensure this, an effective means for receiving users' feedback and discussing new IMDIS features will be set up and adequate funding will be sought in the 2006-2007 budget for the development of IMDIS.
There were perhaps ten paces between me and the bear.
Ah, my friend! said the abb, turning towards Dants, and surveying him with the kindling gaze of a prophet, you are young, you will see all this come to pass.
I hope that these measures will enable the United Nations to carry out its responsibilities with increased efficiency and effectiveness.
Statistics on workplace accidents and work-related illness
The three books in The Wind-up Bird Chronicle are named after a Rossini overture, a piano piece by Schumann and a character in Mozart’s Magic Flute respectively.
16. Authorizes the Member States acting under paragraphs 10 and 11 above, in accordance with Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement, to take all necessary measures to ensure compliance with the rules and procedures governing command and control of airspace over Bosnia and Herzegovina with respect to all civilian and military air traffic;
1 short programme for United Nations television/UNifeed produced about self-defence training for young girls.
50. According to a recent report by the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), real per capita GDP and GNP at end– 1998 were, respectively, about $1,380 and $1,630, a 3.4 per cent decline in the former and a 2.1 per cent decline in the latter, as compared with 1997.78
And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
Preparation and Application of ISE Reagent Kit for Beckman CX Series Automatic Chemical Analyzer
A "reasonable period of foreseen cash requirements" has been defined as the requirements for the current month plus needs for one additional month.
Many fertile lands have turned into deserts,only sands left.
Referring to the resolution of the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference held in Putrajaya, Malaysia, in October 2003, on the establishment of a Fund for the reconstruction and development of the war-damaged areas in southern Sudan;
And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him
 (a) The tax regime in South Africa in relation to foreign investment, including the control of transfer pricing;
The Chief of the Conditions of Service Section of the Office of Human Resources Management then introduced the report of that Office (A/C.5/59/12).
In the first free elections for the Parliament after 25 April 1974, female participation was 8 per cent.
If you are doing activities or hiking during the night, wear bright coloured clothing and keep your torch on. On roads, always face oncoming traffic.
On the technical side, the International Telecommunication Union has set up a Focus Group on Identity Management "to facilitate and advance the development of a generic [identity management] framework and means of discovery of autonomous distributed identities and identity federations and implementations".
There is something that can be done to ease the pressure.
General temporary assistance
the special session of the General Assembly entitled "Women 2000:
1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015 (proposed)
She also familiarized herself with the 2005 report of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
The incumbent of the position will therefore be responsible for providing information technology support to the Security Section regarding web design, the management and development of databases and use of the Geographic Information System tools to build and maintain the Security and Information Operations System.
Executive summary
The Commission was currently concentrating its efforts primarily on features associated with transportation and communication networks, and on environmental features.
Recalling all its previous resolutions on this subject, the most recent of which was resolution 60/155 of 16 December 2005, and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2005/14 of 14 April 2005,
8. Requests the Secretary-General to implement the recommendations contained in his 2000, 2003 and 2006 reports on the continuing operation of the Register and its further development and to ensure that sufficient resources are made available for the Secretariat to operate and maintain the Register;
It is a bill payable upon sight.
Landlocked developing countries and transit developing countries should be mutually responsible for actions, inter alia, to improve transit processes, as well as develop the necessary infrastructure and collaboration for their mutual benefit.
I'm prepared to do anything for you.
Tugny-et-Pont
101. The future work of the Commission, leading up to the 10-year review of UNCED in 2002, will consider consumption and production patterns as an overriding issue.
(c) Encourage Governments and their development partners to coordinate and harmonize their development activities based on national development strategies, inter alia, by utilizing sector-wide approaches;
China and Africa share a time -  honoured  friendship. We are proud to have so many African friends.
General "50.
The Ambassador confirmed that he would convey the Committee's concerns and request for investigations, in case Nos. 187/2001 and 188/2001, to the State party and update the Committee on any subsequent follow-up action taken.
4. Approval of the draft outcome document for submission to the Conference.
At the moment, Europe’s banks desperately need to shore up their balance sheets.
Bernell L. Arrindell (Barbados)
On the left side of the German political spectrum, the proposition that 8 May 1945 was a day of liberation remains unchallenged.
I. INTRODUCTION 1 - 4 3
28.25 During the biennium 2000–2001, the following outputs will be delivered:
Some respondents cited the need to focus more on such areas as issues concerning child labour, girls' education and the question of modern slavery.
Do I have to go through any formality?
RC shear wall has been widely used in various structure systems.
The machine needs repairingto be repaired
and can therefore take a view of nature in her deep and solemn scenes, with the same pleasure as in her most gay and delightful ones.
13. Invites the special rapporteurs and other mechanisms of the Commission to continue to give due consideration to the issue of impunity in the discharge of their mandates;
4. Urges Governments, to the extent possible under their national laws to initiate pre-export notification of norephedrine shipments between counterpart government agencies in exporting, importing and transit countries;
The engine parts use metric.
5.4 The author tried to get the case reopened before the Supreme Court on two occasions.
25. A disadvantage is that it does not address the core security issues that give rise to nuclear deterrence, nor the verification and compliance mechanisms required to ensure confidence by the nuclear-weapon States and their allies in any disarmament process. It thus risks alienating the nuclear-weapon States and their allies from the process.
You think it's 'cause I said it an hour ago?
article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention (24), as at 22 August 1997
The Director of Audit criticised the Government Supplies Department for stock-piling equipment that would not be used up in 100 years.
Canada has taken action to help ensure that women are not discriminated against when seeking loans or credit from lending institutions.
3:4 Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine
For example, if someone is ill, it is difficult to get a doctor nearby.
Ruth Simon
Norway has introduced an improved tool for recording statistics on the use of police custody and the results of a survey on remanded detainees will be presented by end 2009.
The new structure will strengthen professional and community input and ensure effective use of resources.
The General Assembly,
This kind of product will be in appeared on the market during christmas shopping season 2009.
The persistent ringing of the telephone in the midnight is very caring.
Try to get some sleep. You'll want to look fresh for the parade tomorrow.
Ambassador
The consultation was expected to (a) provide an overall picture of the impact that foreign debt and debt relief programmes, as well as different kinds of economic reform programmes, have on the capacity of States to comply with human rights standards, and (b) identify suggestions on possible recommendations to States, international organizations and other stakeholders regarding possible policy elements to promote and protect human rights in developing countries while implementing debt and economic reform programmes.
Aims at developing new ideas from mistake make.
Government promised to take action to help the unemployed.
paras. 67-85
6. Monaco has adopted a consultative and participatory methodological approach to drafting its international reports in general and the present report in particular, in accordance with the guidelines set out in Human Rights Council resolution 5/1.
Legend of here before there is a small Bailong Hing wind always be arbitrary , intrusive disturbing.
All these meetings form an integral part of the advocacy role of UN-Habitat in mainstreaming the Habitat Agenda and building awareness of the urbanization and urban poverty agenda.
By all means I must visit my sick friend.
As Japan moved into higher-value exports, rising productivity pushed up wages, making old industries, such as textiles, uncompetitive.
"This year will be a year Japan must endure. But I am convinced that next year there will be positive growth, " he said.
In order to make international public opinion aware of what the United Nations is doing for the fight against terrorism, at the global level and in co-operation with all Member States, it is necessary to develop a communications policy, as was done for other important issues like human rights, drugs, land mines, etc.
If more institutions had properly valued their positions and commitments at the outset, they would have been in a much better position to reduce their exposures.
Training and related activities geared towards enhancing capacity for negotiation, implementation, compliance and enforcement of environmental law, including multilateral environmental agreements, at national, subregional, regional and global levels, for government officials, policy-makers, enforcement officials, judges and magistrates, state attorneys, non-governmental organizations, local authorities and other stakeholders, including the judges programme and the ninth global training programme on environmental law and policy, training for effective participation in negotiations, and training on synergies, economic instruments for multilateral environmental agreements, and engagement of local stakeholders (50 training sessions), (GC.21/23, GC.21/24, GC.22/17 II), (Governments and their bodies (ministries of environment, justice, environmental protection agencies), UNDP, other United Nations agencies, judiciary, national judicial institutes, universities, legal non-governmental organizations, Asia-Africa Legal Consultative Organization)
2012-2013 revised appropriation
Education
27. There was no substantial progress during the reporting period in addressing impunity and ensuring accountability for human rights violations committed during or after the conflict.
Ad hoc judges receive daily compensation amounting to exactly 1/365th of the net base salary payable to a permanent member of the Court.
The Republic of Panama is a party to regional treaties aimed at creating a geographical area free of nuclear weapons and their related threats, such as the Treaty of Tlatelolco.
Despite great increases in fruit and vegetables consumption for most households, a significant proportion of households in poor counties eat vegetables only one or two days per week.
25 April 1985
Peace consolidation in West Africa (9 August 2006; 10 July 2009)
That upgrading will be geopolitical and will be achieved through the creation of broader areas of cooperation with the countries of the Maghreb, the Arab world and the countries of the Middle East, Africa, the Mediterranean and other economic focal points; and through promoting links with partners in both the developed and the developing countries.
Ghana
Bangladesh had also been reminded to submit its ozonedepleting substance data for the year 2007 in accordance with Article 7 of the Protocol, preferably no later than 1 September 2008, in order that, at its forty-first meeting, the Committee might assess the Party's compliance with its commitment contained in decision XVII/27.
Thanks to a more rational arrangement of its agenda, the Commission had been able to complete consideration of all items on its agenda, allotting a reasonable time to each, and reach consensus on its follow-up work.
UNEP has also joined the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) process as the focal point for environmental issues in Haiti, Iraq, Liberia and Sudan.
Report by the Secretary-General
125. The Government of the Sudan notes that the Commission on several occasions confirms that, even with the low evidential threshold set by itself, there is little evidence directly linking Government forces with many of the human rights abuses in Darfur.
It noted that in April 2005, the complainant had submitted an application to the European Court of Human Rights, registered before the Court as Case No. 17720/05, and that in substance, this application related to the same facts (use of force by police officers against the complainant).
yeah,sam.  i think i got something.
After some delightful minutes of cool swimming , a pair of old ladies walked onto the shore in his direction .
Denied their inalienable right to return to their homes, they continued to live in refugee camps or under brutal Israeli occupation.
30. The latest Action plan to promote equality and prevent ethnic discrimination 2009 - 2012 includes measures to include minorities into the labour market.
Part G Copy 1.It is impossible to love and to be wise
D. Consideration by the Committee of violations by States parties
6. The Court's judgment in the Whaling in the Antarctic case provided incontrovertible proof that the Court could deal cogently and methodically with vast amounts of highly technical scientific evidence, delivering judgments of rigour and analytical clarity.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Box 6. Towards developmental integration in Africa
33. Tonga
Vagabond butterflyfish
Hanover–Berlin high-speed railway
Last year our house accounts got a qualified opinion I had not kept the supporting etc. of my purchases.
Meeting in danger? Foreign guy Mou simply straining Shan didn't question this answer.
The Committee is also concerned by reports received about the impossibility of accessing various foreign websites and radio stations (art. 19).
Common services and simplification and harmonization of rules and procedures and transaction costs and efficiency
Differential geometry descriptor in multi-scale analysis extracted important edges from source images and subsequent contour grouping process organized the edge image into perceptual objects. The later process originated from Gestalt laws.
Just dont say anything; otherwise the situation could become worse.I do, however, accept constructive criticism
 We must use it to draw up a clear and strategic programme of action for the United Nations system in the development area.
As a consequence of that discrepancy, 2.6 million people died of HIV/AIDS throughout the world in 2006.
In order to economize , we have to cut down the non-productive expenditure of our factory to a minimum .
The Pacific Community was by definition an intergovernmental organization established by treaty and it fully met the criteria for observer status set forth in General Assembly decision 49/426.
Downsizing
Indeed, nearly every process in the Organization will need to be revisited as we seek to eliminate redundant steps and engineer more efficient ways of doing things.
To increase the ceiling on commutation of minimum benefit from $300 to $1,000.
(c) Consult with relevant United Nations agencies and organizations, regional and multilateral organizations and technical and scientific institutions, as well as interested States and civil society, with the view to developing generic, realistic and measurable indicators, keeping in mind available resources of individual States.
Another day I will do the same; I will sit in my library, in my night cap and powdering gown, and give as much trouble as I can, -- or, perhaps, I may defer it till Kitty runs away
4. Recalls paragraph 13 of Governing Council decision 19/32, and requests the Executive Director to ensure that the secretariat provides the documentation and information related to the medium-term strategy and programme of work and budget to member States and the Committee of Permanent Representatives at least four weeks in advance of the meeting at which it is to be considered;
Greece
 p.m. Item 89 Environment and sustainable development:
During 2013, the Group has not used such security escorts.
Payments may be made either by bank transfer: (a) in United States dollars to "United Nations Geneva General Fund", account No. 485001802, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, International Agencies Banking, 1166 Ave. of the Americas, 17th floor, New York, NY 10036-2708, United States of America (Swift code: CHAS US 33; ABA code: 021000021); (b) in euros to "United Nations Office at Geneva", account No. 23961901, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, 125 London Wall, London EC2Y 5AJ, United Kingdom (Swift code: CHAS GB 2L, Sorting code: 60-92-42, IBAN: GB25 CHAS 6092 4223 9619 01); (c) in sterling pounds to "United Nations Office at Geneva", account No. 23961903, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, 125 London Wall, London EC2Y 5AJ, United Kingdom (Swift code: CHAS GB 2L, Sorting code: 60-92-42, IBAN: GB25 CHAS 6092 4223 9619 03); (d) in Swiss francs to "United Nations Geneva General Fund", account No. 240-C0590160.0, UBS, rue du Rhône 8, Geneva 2, Switzerland (Swift code: UBSW CH ZH 12A; IBAN: CH65 0024 0240 CO59 0160 0); (d) in any other currency to "United Nations Geneva General Fund", account No. 240-C0590160.1, UBS, rue du Rhône 8, Geneva 2, Switzerland (Swift code: UBSW CH ZH 12A; IBAN: CH65 0024 0240 CO59 0160 1); (e) or by cheque payable to "United Nations" addressed to: Trésorerie, Nations Unies, Palais des Nations, CH 1211 Geneva 10, Switzerland.
Aware that Montserrat continues to receive budgetary aid from the administering Power for the operation of the territorial Government,
You obviously can't approach 2 chicks in 3 seconds who are on different ends of a room.
In particular, research will focus on key issues such as the contribution of productivity to economic growth and social advancement, the effects of international integration on industry and growth; and the assessment of the prospects for industrial development at both the country and regional levels.
Social Service Organisations Recruit Flag Day Volunteers [NEW]
Pakistan cannot be asked to accept any responsibility for developments inside Indian Occupied Kashmir.
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Secretariat to reduce unliquidated obligations.
219. At the present time, NMA operates a network of 863 Education and Training Centres, 508 of which are located in urban or peri-urban areas and 355 in rural areas.
" She obviously knew little English, but must have recognized the tone, for she threw both arms and crutches around me in a big hug, while the traffic streamed by us on both sides.
15. In respect of each sponsoring State, provide the date of deposit of its instrument of ratification of, or accession or succession to, the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and the date of its consent to be bound by the Agreement relating to the Implementation of Part XI of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982.
And then the seed may be transferred.
The fulfilment of those purposes demands that we shoulder our collective responsibility and engage in united action.
Before his father' s death, he was interested in many things, such as books, art, music and plays.
Do you use the Torres bracing pattern?
 The Mission's presence throughout the country, despite the difficulties encountered and hostility from the military and the paramilitary bodies, has prevented worse human rights violations, aided the victims of repression and provided more detailed information on the specific problems of each area.
145. At the world level, for the quinquennium 1990-1995, life expectancy is estimated at 64.7 years (62.7 for males and 66.7 for females), representing an increase of 41 per cent from the figure of 46.4 years estimated for the period 1950-1955.
Never before has there been such an awareness of the problem of internal displacement, or appreciation of the challenges of responding to it effectively.
We can adapt to these new realities without sacrificing human rights and universal values.
You might think the email address I left here is strange and not so official.
The crop of new teachers who passed the public examination meant continuity of training in drama, music, dance and visual arts.
Improved policy and legal frameworks for cleaner, resource efficient and low-carbon production.
Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field, 1947 (1957);
Agenda item 64: Advancement of women
In implementing this policy, it is paramount for the Government to achieve a proper balance between protection of historic buildings and respect for private property rights," the spokesman said.
Auto Digital Blood Pressure Monitor;
Under current Maltese legislation, the import, export and transit and trans-shipment of small arms and light weapons are subject to import and export licences in accordance with the Importation Control Regulations (Legal Notice 242 of 2004) as amended by Legal Notices 341 of 2004 and 230 of 2005 and the Military Equipment (Export Control) Regulations (Legal Notice 269 of 2001).
Separately analysed are the workforce characteristics of staff with an appointment of one year or longer under the 100 series of the Staff Rules (13,270) and staff under the system of desirable ranges in posts subject to geographical distribution (2,809).
(e) Unusual items or prior-period items should be disclosed if they have material effect on the financial statements or schedules;
The company said Tuesday that fiscal-third-quarter profit jumped 42%, including a sevenfold increase in net income in its unit that stores, transports and trades grains such as wheat, corn and soybeans.
He presented a screening tool, under development by the World Bank, that allows one to find out what climate vulnerabilities should be addressed in a specific project.
Jane Huckerby, USA
505. On 7 October 2002, the Committee met with Ms. Carol Bellamy, Executive Director of UNICEF, and her colleagues in order to discuss ways to enhance cooperation between both bodies.
In particular, we expect that the draft resolution entitled "Global agenda for dialogue among civilizations" will be adopted by consensus after today's debate.
This number includes technical assistance in all areas.
Japan 2006 food aid
5/4/2011, Rif Dimashq
The global market recognizes Williamson Valve for itsinnovative, high - quality products result in sales volume steadily growing.
385. One delegation requested more details about the relationship of the new tool to the MTSP.
Shingl we use a unique tool for this job?
398. Availability of data and research on violence against girls increasingly supports policy development and implementation.
The findings appear to mirror a recent study in Britain, which claimed that 2kg of the drug end up in the river Thames every day.
Responses need to address the preferences of communities; examples from the Maldives have shown that natural coastal protection is preferred for islands with tourist resorts, whereas man-made structures such as sea dykes are preferred for islands that are inhabited by local people.
Rabbit à la Berlin
Yet the moment the man got off the bike, his symptoms returned. He froze immediately, unable to take a step.
Cooperate with HR department to provide training in technics
22. At the 1995 NPT Review and Extension Conference, the work of the Zangger Committee was also referenced in Main Committee II and, more specifically, in the working group established by Main Committee II to consider export control issues.
You may be 1 to find that it is very hard to specify all of them. Not only 2 hard to describe in words, they are difficult to 3 .
Oprah named entertainment's most powerful woman The Hollywood Reporter on Friday named Oprah Winfrey the most powerful woman in entertainment on its annual "Power 100 List
257. The amount of the pension is usually 20 per cent of the base figure calculated in the same way as the widow's pension.
While predictive models and tools can provide indications, what is most important is a shared understanding of the risk landscape, a method to track the evolution of risks and a means to ensure that elevated levels of risk lead to action, i.e., produce appropriate, timely warnings that trigger the mobilization of resources, both human and financial.
Of course, if negotiations on a permanent agreement collapse, Israel and probably even the US might feel compelled to contemplate further action.
To examine the reality of the nature of crimes, their rate of increase and their impact.
The new word is interim, which appears immediately after the words Taking note of the.
:: Seminar entitled "Democracy fights terror" at the Hebrew University for a delegation of eight distinguished justices, prosecutors and Government officials from Madrid (November 2009).
All parties to the Korean Armistice Agreement (UNC, KPA and CPV) have played a role in this vital activity for more than 44 years.
Has the Government officially adopted the NAP?
Education
He had taken care not to let a drop of water or rain touch his expensive gloves, so they looked like new.
Planning for the subsequent phases of the capital master plan will be reviewed based on lessons learned from experience gained thus far.
Work on disability issues was not an unavoidable cost for society, but a worthwhile investment in inclusive growth.
Another concern is the potential ability of a secured creditor to exercise influence over a business, to the extent that the creditor may seize, or threaten seizure of, the encumbered assets of that business upon default.
Reiterating its serious concern over the IAEA Director General's report of 28 April 2006 (GOV/2006/27) and its findings, including that, after more than three years of Agency efforts to seek clarity about all aspects of Iran's nuclear programme, the existing gaps in knowledge continue to be a matter of concern, and that the IAEA is unable to make progress in its efforts to provide assurances about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in Iran,
Superb protection against corrosion and wear of moving parts especially during stage of cold starting s.
It was recognized that migrants have contributed considerably to world-wide cultural exchange, economic development and social progress; and that they have brought, valuable and dynamic contributions to the societies in their countries of origin as abroad, and will continue to do so.
11. The question of the validity of unilateral acts of States has been considered only rarely and tangentially in the legal literature.
The stranger paused a moment in revery before this tender and calming spectacle.
Mr. Per-Johan Lindholm (Finland)
At this they were aghast. It was the cardinal tenet of their mode of reasoning to start with facts and to give names to the facts.
119. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Pre-sessional Working Group [General Assembly resolutions 45/124, 47/94 and 51/68]
They asked, in particular, whether any cases had been brought to court under that law and, in that connection, what the status of the Convention was vis--vis the Constitution and legislation and whether the Convention could be invoked directly in the courts.
In 1994, Mr. Gilbert Parent assumed the office of Speaker of the House.
The swelling was felt distended, elastic and tender pressure. Fluctuation was also palpable all swelling.
It addressed openness, diversity, access and security, with the cross-cutting objectives of development and capacity-building.
In the olden days it meant the emperor but today it means the Communist Party and the central administration.
57. On 28 November 2011, the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 (2004) concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo added Ntabo Ntaberi Cheka, leader of the Mayi-Mayi Cheka armed group, to its travel ban and assets freeze list.
Public administration and development
6. As noted, the further consideration of paragraph 3 was in effect deferred until after the Manual was completed.
The robe is deep red and very brilliant . The nose is intense with mulberry and wood.
109. Clarification and implementation of national policy.
He gradually developed a type of therapy that we could call the archeology of the soul.
A. exhibit B. disclose C. expose D. discern ] B. disclose. ] disclose (=uncover; allow to be seen; make known)  1) The lawyer disclosed the details of the case
The most widespread form of violence is verbal in nature, ranging from individual insults in public places to demonization by the media.
34. A second obstacle concerns disputes over the age of the individual.
15. The draft guidelines present general guiding principles, as well as practical advice for the reconciliation of economic statistics for the entire spectrum of statistical agencies, from those that could be described as highly centralized and able to control the entire production process to those that are decentralized and must try and harmonize a wide array of data collected by different agencies using differing collection methods.
The existing landscape of data, information and knowledge services relevant for the Platform is diverse and evolving, and lacks coordination.
Maybe some model ships with remote control.
(d) Credit towards home leave shall accrue as from the date of departure from the home country to enter into service, or the date of departure on a previous home leave, whichever of these dates is later.
 This conclusion is clear and follows inexorably from well-established principles of international law.
[2005]968 SAFE Issues Notice on Improving Management of Foreign DebtsThe SAFE issued a Notice on Improving the Management of Foreign Debts on 21 October 2005 (Huifa (2005) No
The activities will also deal with such issues as the rule of law and law enforcement, distance education for public sector managers and, in collaboration with Member States that may request it, training in transparent and accountable governance for parliamentarians;
In that regard, those delegations were of the view that the geostationary orbit should be made available taking into account the pertinent ITU regulations, the relevant norms and decisions of the United Nations and in particular annex III to the report of the Legal Subcommittee on its thirty-ninth session (A/AC.105/738).
3. Further decide, in order to fully operationalize the Platform:
In view of the critical importance of ending human trafficking, we were pleased to join consensus on this resolution and the annexed Global Plan of Action.
Many institutional and cultural factors affect girls' educational access and outcomes, including various forms of violence, such as sexual harassment and bullying, and safety issues in and around school, exploitation and conflict (see sect. V.E), poverty and the demands of work, as well as insufficient school infrastructure and resources.
In paragraph 59 of the Judgment in the Shamsa case, the Court inferred this rule from article 5 as a whole, and in particular paragraphs 1 (c) and 3.
(b) Report of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation.
Bobrick stainless steel partition-mounted washroom accessories are available for mounting in panels between two compartments.
Perhaps the most important factor has been the continuation – and, at times, acceleration – of Israeli settlement activities in occupied Palestinian territories.
There was no strong statistical link between water intake and risk of developing diabetes, however.
1. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
So there is nothing new under the sun.
Super Puma/B 212
Overall orientation
The programme will provide advisory services and training to promote natural disaster reduction and to facilitate the smooth transition from emergency relief to rehabilitation and development; to develop and promote common policy on humanitarian issues for the United Nations system and its partners; to mobilize and coordinate assistance in complex emergencies; and to mobilize and coordinate assistance for disasters.
The Commission of Humanitarian Assistance expresses its regret at this unforeseen crisis and states that it has begun efforts to put an end to it as soon as possible.
43. DPI television, photo and radio activities relating to human rights included regular coverage of statements before the General Assembly and other intergovernmental bodies by the SecretaryGeneral and the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
However, do not know the whereabouts of playmates.
The adequacy of the necessary national technical, managerial and administrative capabilities and the measures taken to make use of and to help to improve them, remain issues in some cases.
for a RaiseAt the radio station where I worked, the manager called me into his office to preview a new sound-effects package we were considering purchasing.
Data collection programme on industrial statistics
 By contrast, the percentage of rural inhabitants with adequate sanitation appears to be higher.
Now Tobiah the Ammonite was near him and he said, "Even what they are building if a fox should jump on it, he would break their stone wall down!"
 This balance, however, as indicated in paragraphs 14 and 15 of the addendum to the Secretary-General's report, is projected to decrease to $6,843,150 by 31 July 1994, which would effectively bring the special account for MINURSO into a deficit, unless the outstanding contributions are paid.
Article 101 Participants and other persons in the court proceedings shall abide by the court rules.
Decision IX/15 of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity welcomed the initiative by the Executive Director of UNEP to convene an ad hoc openended intergovernmental multi-stakeholder meeting to consider establishing such a platform and to invite Parties to send their science and policy experts thereto.
1. Election of officers 1 5
And now the data communication network developed solves the problems of the data lose and the site disturbance.
185. The amount of $942,000 is proposed to provide for the cost of training materials and supplies related to DPKO training ($39,500); DFS training ($183,000); workshops and training courses for Member States and field operations ($486,200); DPKO/DFS annual/biannual training conferences ($33,300); and the translation and printing of guidance and best practices documents, such as policies, standard operating procedures, guidelines, manuals, after-action reviews, studies on lessons learned, and peacekeeping practice notes ($200,000).
The publication of laws and decrees in the Official State Bulletin had been strengthened through the allocation of new national budget resources.
For example: Millennium Development Goal 1 aims to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; however, climate change is:
Music business movers and shakers are working on industry-wide guidelines allowing record labels to suspend self-harming artists until they get adequate treatment.
But nothing happened.
Aggressive propaganda campaigns in the media exacerbated ethnic tensions and fuelled negative sentiment against the United Nations and non-governmental organizations, resulting in attacks in January 2006.
20. Algeria remained convinced that respect for human rights was an essential parameter in the struggle against terrorism.
The Government firmly believed that action to combat drugs required joint cooperation between drug-producing and drug-consuming countries, based on the principle of shared responsibility.
Seventh session
Ausson
As in the case of the Public Security Forces, women are heavily under-represented in the Customs Service, where only 4.6 per cent of the posts are held by women.
However, the programme faces significant funding shortfalls for 2009.
Statute: the Statute of the Arab Court of Human Rights
Other related activities of DPHE include promotion of women-friendly technologies (such as hand operated pump) and R&D activities related to arsenic contamination of ground water and preference for surface water.
He seems as sweet as honey , but he really is a mean little boy.
The four sessions of this multi-year expert meeting will offer an opportunity for experts to explore in greater depth four distinctive subject areas.
There is no reason, now, why we should stop short of any degree of generality.
It recommended that India should take the necessary steps towards ratifying the international human rights instruments it had signed, including the Convention against Torture and the Convention on the Protection of Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
Telegraph to her parents at once.
(a) Adopt, as a matter of priority, proactive policy measures, such as targeted training, capacity-building and gender-sensitive recruitment, and temporary special measures to increase the number of women in appointed senior and management positions in the judiciary, the executive branch of the Government and the public and foreign service, in line with the Committee's general recommendation No. 25;
They do thing in perfect order withouttheadult.
I suspect that European leaders will not respond eagerly.
On hold (pending finalization of local contract)
Item 63 (a)
"She ran a finger gently down his peeling cheek
35. Bulgaria (fourth and fifth report)
[Date: 2 July 2013]
The resolution had been drafted with a view to seeking a wide range of support from Member States.
I sure got the short end of the stick.4: My two partners and I each put up one-third of the money to start our business.
3.30 p.m.
Allow him to do little things for you.
 These standard rates are also deemed to be the minimum rates for legitimate children who have become part of the household of a divorced or estranged parent.
The situation analysis and assessment of child trafficking trends in eleven endemic States in 2004 was completed in order to enhance prevention, planning and programming on trafficking issues.
As a heterogeneous country itself, Indonesia is a firm believer in the merit of dialogue and the culture of peace.
But hes a real iceberg: he acts like he has no feelings for other people.
Maybe you even blame God bitterly for taking this person while things were unresolved with your loved one.
8. The session was attended by representatives of States Members of the Council, observer States of the Council, observers for non-member States of the United Nations and other observers, as well as observers for United Nations entities, specialized agencies and related organizations, intergovernmental organizations and other entities, national human rights institutions and non-governmental organizations (see annex I).
In accepting appointment the staff member shall state that he or she has been acquainted with and accepts the conditions laid down in the Staff Regulations and in the Staff Rules;
86. In Kosovo, the Office of the Prosecutor relied on the support and assistance of Kosovo Force (KFOR).
138.6. Take steps to ensure that the human rights of all citizens are protected, regardless of their religion, sexual orientation or gender identity (Australia);
16. Mainstreaming ageing into global agendas is essential.
Flashback to 2001, Chicago: Lincoln and his old partner Derrick storm a limo and steal a briefcase of money from the guy inside.
Global assessments provide in-depth and comprehensive analyses of the institutional, organizational and technical capacity of countries to produce statistics in compliance with international standards, and suggest concrete recommendations for the sustainable development of national statistical capacities.
Hundreds have been killed and thousands have suffered injuries, including loss of limbs.
The Mission will continue to strive for new and sustainable efficiency gains through reduction of inputs without compromising the desired/required output
Tentative Plan of "Simulation of Western Line of South-North Water Diversion Project and Application Study"
Life Unexpected
Performance management
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General and his note on the financing of the United Nations Mission in Liberia and the related reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
 Benin is pleased by the willingness of our Liberian brothers to enter into this agreement and by their spirit of constructive and fraternal dialogue, without which nothing positive could have been achieved.
Agenda item 85
I feel that the school does not meet my romantic needs and that I will never know true love while at school.
Other factors are at play, too, such as meth trafficking by Mexican cartels and new methods for making small amounts of meth.
VII. Conclusions and recommendations
In order to more effectively play this role, the Secretary-General should ensure that all the programmes and activities of the United Nations are coordinated with a view to reducing the transaction costs of its operational activities in Africa.
"household operations""outmarket"
9-11 February 2006
Public authorities and public institutions must fully adhere to the principle of equality and are prohibited from engaging in any act or practice of racial discrimination against persons, groups, or institutions.
(c) Standards of accommodation for air travel
In the interest of everyone, therefore, all States need to ensure that policy makers have a sound understanding of the oceans and of the importance of the marine environment, and to achieve adequate capacity to acquire and use the necessary information and to manage effectively the State's interests in the oceans and seas.
2. Requests the administering Power, the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide the territorial Government with all required expertise to enable it to achieve its socio-economic aims;
It was not until late January 1996, a few days before René Préval took the oath of office, that the CNVJ completed its mandate and turned its report over to the President.
This is still in draft form and it is a priority output of the GADD for its 2007/08 financial year.
Micronesia (Federated States of)
The resources comprise a provision of $41,500 for consultants and $74,600 for ad hoc expert groups.
2008-2009: zero
Enhancing cooperation and coordination within the chemicals and wastes cluster
Inter-agency coordination
486. Two psychologists, two sociologists, eight social workers and one anthropologist are currently working for the DSR.
It is a truism that the fight against terrorism is a part of the international community's struggle to promote international peace and security.
It was agreed that paragraph 1 should be redrafted taking into account the above considerations and that paragraph 3 should be deleted.
The National Mission on Climate Change has been established, which includes a total of eight sub-missions, one of which is the Mission on Sustainable Habitat, covering environmentally sustainable transport.
An unwanted making and breaking of the connection while opening or closing a contact.
Comment.
(d) Compliance assistance
To sum up these considerations, it should be concluded that inspection activities of the labour inspector regarding discrimination are very limited.
Although, under current law, teenagers had only limited access to family planning offices, they did have access to contraceptives through non-governmental organizations.
Each Member shall establish fair and effective procedures for the settlement of disputes.
:: Senegalese Women's Council
Dominance of the global economy, Beijing believes, goes hand - in - and with dominance of the global monetary system.
We want to eliminate any misunderstandings that may have arisen amongst fans from these events.
Germany
As with trade liberalization, encouraging TNCs to invest will not necessarily by itself bring the benefits of linkages.
The provisions of rule 9.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis to requests for cooperation transmitted to States not party to the Statute.
The command of such operations should be better coordinated between the United Nations and host countries.
According to the objectives of the 20:20 compact outlined in the UNDP Human Development Report 1994, “To give clear and precise expression to the emerging concept of human security, now is the time to draw up a world social charter, which would encompass a broad range of human security issues in both industrial and developing countries.
Another important feature of Brazilian governance in is the two-tiered board.
IGAD and the AU are asking for political and diplomatic support so that the Transitional Federal Government can be in a position to contain those who are the agents not of love, but of disharmony -- not of peace, but of war.
Do you remember the license number of thehit and run car?11.
Meanwhile, higher food prices are eating up disposable income that might otherwise be spent on a cooling beer or two.
I have mud Weicheng, White and other ancient customs pass.
We must recognize the small, quiet steps humanity takes day by day in United Nations committees, steps geared towards the promotion and application of human rights.
More importantly, it should identify remedial strategies and the required resources to assist small island developing States achieve sustainable development.
Rule 69
Competency needs framework completed and rolled out by 2008
Practice Direction IXter gives further guidance to the parties as to the preparation of "folders of documents for the convenience of the judges during oral proceedings".
Requirements for the biennium 2006-2007 by object of expenditure
The provisions contained in the package of draft legislation currently being considered by Parliament which are aimed at upholding human rights, the rule of law and civilian oversight are commendable.
 That is why I thought it proper to move the paragraph into the preambular section, drawing attention to specifically what the Ambassador wanted the Committee to know: that is, that the Tokelauans were speaking to us for the first time as a nation.
Lucas   what are you doing?
31. States parties shall develop and maintain mechanisms to monitor progress towards the realization of the right to adequate food for all, to identify the factors and difficulties affecting the degree of implementation of their obligations, and to facilitate the adoption of corrective legislation and administrative measures, including measures to implement their obligations under article 2, paragraph 1, and article 23 of the Covenant.
418. The financial state of the Fellowship remains critical despite contributions in 2009 and 2010 from Chile, Cyprus, Iceland and Oman.
With the abundant petroleum resources, Iraq boasts a great potential in development of petroleum industry.
It is the view of Russian specialists that international cooperation efforts should focus on the following main approaches to tackling technogenic pollution:
22. Regarding road transportation in and out of Gibraltar, in recent years the border issue has been raised by the United Kingdom in contacts with the Spanish authorities (see A/AC.109/2001/10, para. 22, A/AC.109/2002/11, para. 20 and A/AC.109/2004/7, para. 20).
Cyanides
Rules 5.28 to 5.34
One individual is sometimes thrown into an unfamiliar world, feeling a strange sense of helpless and hopeless.
Therefore, in what I say and in how I may put it, if in any way I am remiss with regard to the protocols of the Assembly, I seek understanding.
8. These general principles are reflected in the rules of engagement but also in the rules of conduct applicable to each mission.
The immunity ratione personae of a head of State was recognized by both parties in the Djibouti v. France case before the International Court of Justice.
(d) Zonal or provincial sub-offices in large countries, of which there are 13, manage UNICEF cooperation in a number of provinces or States;
The public newsletter is available at www.un.org/esa/socdev/unpfii/en/ newsletter.html.
He contends that his analysis of the judicial decisions and procedures in question is intended to demonstrate how the relevant articles of the Covenant were violated and that he is in no way seeking to invoke another, or higher, court than the national courts.
15. From 20 to 23 March 2001, Major General Timothy Ford, Military Adviser in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, visited UNOMIG to review the work of the military component of the Mission.
"Sólo para mujeres" operates three schools:
The measures taken by Government in this respect were elaborated under article 6 of the initial report of the HKSAR under UNCRPD.
(b) Providing assistance, guidance and training to programme managers and administrative units of client organizations on budgetary matters, review procedures and effective budget implementation;
A make, mister.
The southern part of the contract area was the focus of studies during the cruise.
Article 1
25.8 In addition, the Organic Act on Disabilities, under articles 27 and 28, provides as follows with regard to the right to education:
I can't concentrate around here anyway.
They are determined to promote human rights, effectiveness in their administrations, and the role of the private sector, while rationalizing public expenditure.
Radial arm maze and sensorimotor functional tests were administered from 30 to 35 postnatal days.
179. With reference to the comment on forced eviction in the Government report, according to the Housing Act, a tenant can be forced to move to another flat he/she has not accepted only on the basis of a court decision (this rule applies only in case of cancellation of flat exchange, regulated in the Housing Act or in the case of renovation, conversion or demolition).
Although there exists a nonaggression pact between the Horde and the Alliance, skirmishes between the two factions are not uncommon.
(e) Creation of an enterprise architecture framework and development of future-state strategies and solution architecture that meet business needs;
Despite the widespread support for the concept little progress has been achieved towards the establishment and implementation of such a zone.
This budgetary independence must be accompanied by an effective external audit.
Immediately upon implementation (recommended to be six months after a decision by the General Assembly)
A ticket inspector got on the train.
The attackers proceeded to tamper with the contents of the Embassy and the symbols of the Kingdom.
3. General statement on non-provision of WMD and related materials to non-State actors
Brazil
Spur leaves must have good light.
Astreopora gracilis
6.3 The Committee has also ascertained that the author has exhausted domestic remedies, as required under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
4 Children: The usual dose is 50 to 100 mg/kg/day total, given in four equally divided and spaced doses
31. At the same meeting, the Special Advisor to the Secretary-General on Post2015 Development Planning responded to the comments made and questions posed by the representatives of Canada, Armenia, Japan, Kenya, the Dominican Republic and the European Union and the observer for Partners in Population and Development.
To ensure transparency, key assumptions should be presented together with their historical values.
 47. Approximately 143 staff members would be included in the ongoing 1996 programme.
The situation in the Middle East
Other reasons
(a) Letter from the President of the Security Council (A/59/437)
The term “debts and obligations” has, however, been defined by the “E2” Panel, as “obligations to make future payments, in cash or in kind, in specified or determinable amounts and with fixed or determinable rates of interest (which may be zero)”.
Work through feelings and behaviors that worsen anxiety through talk therapy (psychotherapy), whether your concerns have to do with studying, testing or other issues.
The experiment achieves better result which proves that genre classification of Chinese web pages is feasible and has theoretical value.
Simulations are conducted to show the influence of the active removal of these objects on the future evolution of the space debris environment.
And He will help YOU to be stedfast and faithful.
Trg   Staff Relations Offr (Shatin Dist)
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Once more the muse, and the magical light of the Riviera, came to his rescue.
Eg: The poor boy had to work hard for a boss at eleven.
Democratic centralism is a system that integrates centralism on the basis of democracy with democracy under centralized guidance.
Summary of information on unintentional release of pentachlorobenzene submitted during the intersessional period between the third and fourth meetings of the Committee
The debate was intended to build on the ongoing dialogue on international migration and development and to contribute to the process leading to the second High-level Dialogue on International Migration and Development, which is to be held at United Nations Headquarters in 2013.
The list should also include bilateral, cultural and technical cooperation agreements in the field and UNESCO could be tasked with preparing "model clauses" enhancing the promotion and protection of cultural diversity rights that could assist States in negotiating bilateral agreements.
Indeed often such lineages end up the wealthiest humans upon earth.
Because the economy is so bad, gauging the success or failure of the stimulus will be hard to do for a long time.
On the merits, the State party argues that the facts disclose no violation of the Covenant.
The world economy has changed significantly since Accra.
JS2 also pointed to reported high incidence of bias-motivated crimes directed at LGBT individuals and organisations.
"(a) All the Main Committees shall, at least three months before the opening of the session, elect a Chairman.
The county is a popular tourist destination not only for its rural beauty but also the urban attraction of the numerous market towns and the dreaming spires of Oxford.
As per above, UNICEF publications are not expected to generate a substantial income.
17. Report and recommendations made by the Panel of Commissioners concerning part two of the third instalment of F3 claims (S/AC.26/2002/19).
Features are: reduced occupancy rate of CPU in main board and in standby board, and raised backup efficiency.
:: Working group on the selection and deployment of child protection advisers in peace missions.
Representatives of intergovernmental organizations and other entities that have received a standing invitation from the General Assembly to participate in the capacity of observer in the sessions and work of all international conferences convened under its auspices
Raise awareness of the three regional programmes in which partnerships are already in operation or being developed in Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and Africa;
Thirdly, we commend the Organization for strengthening the coherence of international efforts in Afghanistan and successfully promoting Afghan ownership.
The 15 June 2006 meeting was cancelled due to Eritrea's refusal to attend.
Peel was regretful for her unkind remark.
This conference of the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation was facilitated by the Centre for Development and Environment of the University of Berne.
56. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General, and requests that he submit to the General Assembly at its seventieth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.
As a small island developing country, Tuvalu's greatest fear is that, in the wake of such events, developed countries will lack the resolve to address as well the developmental and environmental issues that are so fundamental to lasting international peace and security.
In other cases, liberalization of the transport services market can improve the variety and quality of transport services while lowering actual freight charges and thus greatly lowering the real cost to the public.
278. All government bodies, courts and law enforcement agencies in the Chechen Republic are fully operational.
ONUB staff strongly recommended that the judiciary police should open an inquiry and seek testimony from an expert.
Are you free, say around 10 a. m. this Saturday or any of the other Saturdays in wellwornfriends June?
The 10-year framework could serve this function by facilitating the creation of new partnerships in areas of need; providing incentives for existing partnerships to become more active and effective; and providing a platform for the sharing of experiences and resources among partnerships, as well as support for new innovations among and across sectors, including innovative tools and channels (e.g., using new information technologies) for the engagement of civil society actors in the implementation of actions related to sustainable consumption and production across countries and regions.
It should be organized around the goals contained in the Millennium Declaration and around the outcomes of the major conferences, particularly the International Conference on Financing for Development and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
It notes with concern that the human rights training activities for police personnel, organized through the UNDP Access to Justice programme in Ghana, ended in 2010 due to lack of funding.
Processing is now being mass - produced accessories earplugs.
However, no punishment shall be commuted without going through legal procedure.
23. The overall United Nations liabilities for after-service health insurance as at 31 December 2011 were determined through an actuarial valuation. The amount pertaining to peacekeeping operations was $768.6 million.
A recording of the telephone conversation, dated February 26, 2014, between the Estonian Foreign Minister U. Paet and EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton, following the visit of the Foreign Minister of Estonia to Ukraine, surfaced on the Internet.
The Workgroup is in the process of developing the National Development Plan.
Law doctorate graduate (University of Michigan, United States), with record of outstanding and exemplary success in political leadership and administrative management in the Philippines and Asia.
During its meetings with people in Gaza the Mission was told on several occasions of the sense that there was "nowhere to go".
Under this procedure, if additional expenditures were proposed that exceeded the resources available from the contingency fund, the activities concerned would be implemented only through the redeployment of resources from low-priority areas or the modification of existing activities.
common feature is the use of sensor signals the completion of the collection, use single-chip microprocessor or complete signal processing.
(c) The World Health Organization Regional Committee Meeting at Dhaka, Bangladesh was held from 22-25 August 2006: At the invitation from WHO, Dr. Pathak participated in and presented his views on improvement of sanitation.
Investment, Enterprise and Development Commission
At Kalispell, Montana, he stopped for the night , late.
81. In instances where updated responses were not provided, the present study relied on the answers provided in the 2009 surveys.
Ability to organize will definitely be important in the corporation of the future.
(e) The Inspector-General of the judiciary and prisons administration, member;
The Committee, however, remains concerned about children's access to appropriate information in the different languages and about the presence of pornographic and other inappropriate content in the audio-visual and print media.
I think I prefer the blue one if its not too much trouble.
6. Requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Force is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;
Mostly he was only moving his lips, blinking and choking up.
Planned indicators of achievement
B. Department of Public Information
Then, climbing on the roof, he had with his own hand bent and run up the colours.
Such views also coincided with those of the RCs: 45.1 per cent of RC respondents disagreed (43.8 per cent agreed) that the competencies necessary to perform the role of Designated Official (DO) for Security were adequately tested during the RCAC.
155. The Committee invites the State Party to provide, in its next report, further information on the breakdown by percentage of all ethnic groups of the population.
8. Requests the Secretary-General and all the organs and bodies of the United Nations system, international financial institutions and development agencies to assist the countries of the Horn of Africa region whenever possible through continued effective humanitarian, technical and financial assistance that contributes to building resilience and overcoming the humanitarian situation, in particular food insecurity and chronic water deficiency in the short, medium and long term, in conformity with the priorities identified at the national level;
9. Specific rights, including freedom of expression, had been strengthened; calumny and defamation had been decriminalized and the Office of the Special Prosecutor for Crimes against Journalists had been established to enhance the protection of communicators and journalists.
The fertile soil of the valleys produces a wide variety of fruits and vegetables.
lt wasn't meant to be.
) Passage One Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage: The view over a valley of a tiny village with thatchedroof cottages around a church; a drive through a narrow village street lines with thatched cottages painted pink or white; the sight in parts of England.
" "No way!
Commodity and Quantity or amount It is mutually agreed that Party B shall undertake to sell not less than  of the aforesaid commodity in the duration of this Agreement
The next US president should move quickly to restore the superpower's moral authority by closing the detention centre at Guantanamo, Amnesty International says in its annual report published on the 28 May.
Effect of Immune System Activation on Metabolism, Growth Performance and Nutrient Requirement of Pigs
They have asserted national ownership of development strategies and demanded greater participation in global economic governance.
However, the calculation pertaining to it is based on the information provided by developed country Parties, United Nations agencies and intergovernmental organizations.
3.1.4 Ships and boats
The institute also will provide instruction for magistrates and custodial corps personnel.
It will be noted that, each time the situation is favourable to peace or to the Government in power, a crime involving public figures or their relatives occurs:
Greet a new colleague and ask about internal company rules.
Yeah. that was my idea.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention
Some infections are associated with low birth weight, prematurity, congenital infections such as syphilis and foetal wastage.
The private sector contributes to health-care delivery at a slightly higher cost, through 80 hospitals.
That's how you dance? I'll tell you what.
Members of the Council called upon the Government of Haiti to carry out a speedy inquiry into the incident and to bring those responsible to justice without delay.
Was it a mistake or did you kick him on purpose?
Elections and institution-building for the National Electoral Commission
136. Forced evictions occur mainly when land intended for the construction and extension of national highways is occupied illegally.
In the past only can be used to memory, don't wallow in the shadow of it, otherwise, always can't see the road ahead.
This often causes a sudden, frequent and urgent feeling of needing to urinate throughout the day and night.
As part of Cameroonian-Chinese cooperation, construction in Yaoundé of a gynaecological, obstetric and paediatric hospital;
Lastly, we agree that this Declaration shall be called the "San Pedro Sula Declaration".
Trade success or failure of least developed countries (LDCs) trading low-value goods, with little potential for differentiation but considerable risk of substitution, is largely determined by transport availability and cost.
Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia [126] (A/49/714 and Corr.1 and 2 and Add.1, A/49/867, A/49/943, A/51/777, A/52/819 and A/52/865)
Financing arrangements for the United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste for the period from 1 July 2012 to 30 June 2013
The Commission recognizes the importance of the issues related to FDI and development, in particular those related to international investment agreements at all levels, and the need to pay attention to how these agreements can help to increase the FDI flows and further the objective of development.
Proposal submitted by Italy concerning the rules of procedure and evidence relating to part 4 of the Statute, on the composition and administration of the Court*
Furthermore, the Ombudsperson collects and analyzes statistical data about cases of gender discrimination and conducts independent research, publishes independent reports and exchanges information with the corresponding European agencies.
We try an organic rapeseed oil from Brittany, called Troustain Barville, which Allegra describes as grassy and Charles calls brassica-ish.
5. Contribution of international organizations to the work of the Commission.
206. It might be possible to reduce these problems through a commission that did not actually hear testimony, but was composed of historians and experts who attempted to write an authoritative accounting based on documentary evidence, or perhaps one that did not seek to name individual perpetrators.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials: judges (A/61/612 and Corr.1)
c Based on standard equipment as outlined in the 2013/14 Standard Cost and Ratio Manual.
This bill is part of a comprehensive strategy to combat poverty, with measures that include continuing the activities of the Fonds de lutte contre la pauvreté created in June 1997.
22/31-E Economic assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic
It is inconceivable that the United States Government should be practising a policy that encourages air piracy and aircraft hijacking, with their tragic consequences, at a time when huge efforts are being made to safeguard the national security of the United States and to protect its borders and air travel.
All rights reserved.
(b) Provide expert and advisory services on designing and implementing actionable economic and social development policies and measures to accelerate progress towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals;
It can be used to make tables,chairs, baskets and many other things.
In particular, it was stressed that the programme, like all other programmes, must be formulated in accordance with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation (ST/SGB/2000/8), in particular regulation 4.8.
11 Financial matters 4 - 10
22 September 1970
8. Since 2000, UNITAR has been providing training on negotiation techniques and on mediation to representatives of indigenous peoples through its programme on peacemaking and conflict prevention.
After underwater earthquakes, mountains formed.
(f) Noting with serious concern that Iran continues to defy the requirements and obligations contained in the relevant IAEA Board of Governors and United Nations Security Council resolutions,
'But most routine issues can be dealt with by email. That's a time-saver.
7. Right to social security and to an adequate standard of living
The draft resolution was adopted (resolution 57/26).
She was still wearing her thick coat.
Then d'Urberville cursed and swore at her, and called her everything he could think of for the trick.
Article 42.Units or individuals who have suffered damage caused by marine environmental pollution shall be entitled to claim compensation from the party which caused the pollution damage.
Another area on which the mandate will concentrate in the coming months is the development of a more comprehensive protection regime for refugees and internally displaced persons.
The replenishment task force of the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel has prepared a supplementary report to the Panel's May 2014 report on assessment of the funding requirement for the replenishment of the Multilateral Fund for the period 2015 - 2017, setting out indicative amounts of funding needed for the trienniums 2018 - 2020 and 2021 - 2023.
However, a formal agreement and an implementation plan to institutionalize the private-sector programme are needed across Bureaux (Bureau for Development Policy, BRSP and RBAP).
" " Maurer, who teaches at the UCLA and University of Washington medical schools, say he began studying whether the idea could help people who couldn't tackle big challengers
No quantification of audit qualifications
In doing so, the State party should pay particular attention to the implementation of all provisions of the Optional Protocol taking into account the Declaration and Agenda for Action and the Global Commitment adopted at the First, Second and Third World Congresses against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children held in Stockholm, Yokohama and Rio de Janeiro in 1996, 2001 and 2008, respectively.
8. Mr. Saha (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), responding to the request for clarification of paragraph 13 of the Advisory Committee's report, said that the Advisory Committee had taken account of two factors.
Status of ratification of international legal instruments related to international migration
Objective To evaluate the significance of computed tomography(CT) with rectal inflation of gas in the diagnosis and clinical staging of rectal tumor.
V. I instruct all the competent ministries to implement emergency development programmes and provide the necessary services under the supervision of the Council of Ministers, and to furnish the necessary financing;
The details of each of these practices may vary depending on the type of development organization under assessment.
For example, the applied Law on the Status and the Rights of the Martyrs, Invalids, Veterans and Members of the Kosovo Liberation Army, Civilian Victims of War and their Families does not explicitly include the survivors of conflict-related sexual violence and torture as a category.
1. Size and location of cluster munition contaminated area*
Note from the Secretary General transmitting the report of the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights concerning the situation of human rights in Sierra Leone (A/59/340);
Then I'd like to be able to use the car's screen to run it (via a remote desktop-like connection).
B. Economic Commission for Europe
Table 1 Core tasks in the aftermath of conflict: clusters and subclusters of activity
Financial reports and audited financial statements, and
After consistent with a linear insert or linear-quadratic
Is there somewhere for me to sleep?
6. Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women and of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, entitled "Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century" [D.99].
when they open a man's trouser and find a cock there.
Item 2 of the provisional agenda
Ambassador
The bank indicated wire would go through on the same day.
Futures markets are betting that the central bank is likely to raise its interest-rate target from its current 2% in August, because of mounting inflation worries.
765. A National Science and Technology Entrepreneurship Development Board [NSTEDB] established in 1982 operates various entrepreneurship development programmes to encourage young scientists to become entrepreneur in applying scientific and technological development to the social sector, especially in backward and the tribal areas.
34. During the period under review, the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea published the Law of the Sea Bulletin, Nos. 74 to 77, and the Law of the Sea Information Circular, Nos. 33 to 34.
71. The redeployment of funds from Group II, civilian personnel, was carried out to cover reimbursements made to troop-contributing Governments for services rendered by their military contingents and formed police personnel and for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment and self-sustainment.
Article 248 - Preparation of a criminal offence
Mongolia
12. In that respect, I should like to express my appreciation to all the Governments, including the Government of Iraq, and all of the international organizations and other bodies that provided the Commission with data, documents and other relevant arrival/departure information for the processing of this category of claims.
H. Cooperation and coordination with the United Nations Country Team 60 63 17
The Advisory Committee was informed that 10 research officers were required to avoid conflicting priorities among projects and teams and to ensure that one research officer would be dedicated solely to one project for its entire duration, thus avoiding overlapping responsibilities.
The Special Rapporteur learnt that Belgium has not much experience in commissions of inquiries.
For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is poor and of a contrite spirit, and trembleth at my word.
The territories are covered by the Decent Work Agenda and are affected by the conclusions of the fourteenth ILO Asian Regional Meeting.
General Assembly
Asuka Fukuda
The rapid economic growth and steady population increase in the coastal areas, coupled with the constant expansion of marine exploitation, mean that China continues to face problems of marine environmental protection and disaster alleviation.
(b) Report of the Credentials Committee
10. The legal basis for international cooperation aimed at countering money-laundering should be reinforced through the harmonization of national legislation and through the exchange of information and experts between countries.
Occitan Party
31. The Assessment Team structure reflects the regional structures in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, ensuring a direct supporting link for all matters related to military information analysis between the Office of Military Affairs, the integrated operational teams and the military components of the peacekeeping operations and special political missions.
Product performance in a changing environment is of key importance.
Rapporteur: Ms. Martha Moreno (Paraguay)
349. In 2001, the GPA underwent its first intergovernmental review, which examined the accomplishments to date and focused on opportunities and barriers with respect to its implementation.
She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards.
Review on the Exploration Techniques Used in a Multi-metal Ore District between Cunqian and Xinzhuang
Age cannot wither her.
Japanese Yen yen
As soon, however, as the sun shone warm again, she went out and sat in front of the tree, and her long hair covered her on all sides like a mantle.
3. The Chairman recalled that at its first meeting the General Committee had decided to defer consideration of the allocation of the agenda item.
e. SWIFT
The Committee notes the importance of public-private partnerships (PPPs) in the development of ICT infrastructure and the achievement of universal access to ICTs, and in this regard, recognizes the need for capacity-building and promoting regional cooperation as key elements for effective policymaking.
Wise man have their mouths in their hearts, fools have their hearts in their mouths.
Question of Western Sahara
Heinrich Martin Weber
Speech by Mr Y C Cheng, Acting Director of Information Technology Services at the "Internet  Information Security Seminar" (Chinese version)
Other forthcoming meetings
Business analysts and application analysts do not use the same language (such as UML) to formalize their systems
As a result, in the year 2000 UNHCR will continue to focus on seeking durable solutions for refugees in the region, while maintaining and ensuring adequate protection and assistance for the asylum-seekers who come and for those refugees who remain.
How many dynasties are there in China's history
The Committee is concerned, in particular, by the limited access to health services of children living in rural communities, and particularly on more remote islands, and the threat of HIV/AIDS.
Functioning Truth and Reconciliation Commission
Investment in healthcare would not only boost consumption directly, it would also encourage savers worried about possible medical bills to consume more as well.
Item 115 of the provisional agenda*
3. The privileges and immunities are granted to the officials of the Office of the Special Tribunal in the interest of the Tribunal and not for their personal benefit.
Parties, in their submissions, gave examples of channels through which they provide technical and financial support bilaterally as well as multilaterally, and through international institutions whose work is relevant to planning for adaptation.
Phayao Province
64 Your legs right down to your feet begin to feel heavy, calm and relaxed.
It is essential that Somali political leaders redouble their efforts to reach agreement on a basis of pluralism and mutual tolerance so that the international community can regain confidence that it will be able to complete its mission in Somalia by March 1995.
The Government reiterates its commitment to pursue this dialogue on both the internal and external fronts.
In today's program, I would like to recommend 8 gifts that you can give of yourself.
Judo at the Southeast Asian Games
1.5.2.b - UNCDF programmes are replicated outside of UNCDF programme areas by other donors
All members are acutely aware of the importance of the Special Committee on Decolonization, which has been instrumental in bringing about the wide and nearly universal membership of the United Nations.
1. States Parties shall grant women equal rights with men to acquire, change or retain their nationality.
Most Parties reported on developing climate change scenarios (see box 1) extending through 2050 and 2100.
Would A3 or A4 sample qualified for the competition?
11 June 1979a
The General Assembly, by its resolutions 61/261 and 62/228, established the basic framework of the new redesigned system of administration of justice at the United Nations, building on the recommendations made by the Redesign Panel.
An oral report will be presented on the Eighteenth Annual Willem C. Vis International Commercial Arbitration Moot competition.
The European Community announced that its member States had completed all internal procedures necessary to express their consent to be bound by the Agreement and that the deposit of the respective instruments by the European Community and its member States was imminent.
(g) The need for the Organization to develop an integrative approach to risk management that looks across the Organization's units;
United Nations Register of Conventional Arms
(c) Physical facilities of the National Police or the Army.
Kathy: Some of those falls are intended to give you a water massage
Degree: G.C.E. A level -- 1 subject
Taxonomy/Marginellidae
examines the major ethical issues with scenario discussions
For their part, the LMP supporters denounced the impediments created by the Forces Nouvelles to the broadcast of the State media in the CNO areas, as well as the Radio and Television units illegally set up by them.
4. We recognize with deep concern that the least developed countries are disproportionately affected by the adverse impacts of climate change owing to their location, low income, low institutional capacity and greater reliance on climate-sensitive sectors like agriculture.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the Secretary-General's proposal for non-post resources.
It is noteworthy that 11 programmes still lack an evaluation policy.
Often, after supper, my father would request a tune or two.
Algeria Kazakhstan
From its inception to its successful implementation in Hong Kong, the concept of "one country, two systems" went through an extraordinary process.
59. Effective restoration and rehabilitation of desertified drylands require a combination of policies, technologies and the close involvement of local communities.
By this yardstick 969m people suffered from absolute poverty in 2004, a drop of over 270m since 1990.
5. On 10 November, the Council of the European Union expressed its full support for the High Representative/EU Special Representative, Miroslav Lajčák, and his efforts to ensure compliance with the Dayton/Paris Agreements and progress with reform.
It was informed that recruitment for all Departments is based on technical competence and a fair representation of minorities and women.
I can , as a matter of fact, cook Chinese food.
And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar.
(g) Harmony with Nature;
The Celtic League has campaigned on this issue in the past and most recently in Wrecsam/Wrexham, Wales where its Cymru Branch organized a demonstration in support of the Remploy workers who will be made redundant as a result of the planned closure of the Remploy factory in the town.
Technical assistance to the national ozone unit of Mongolia was also provided to assist with promoting awareness and the implementation of the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer of May 2001.
Of course, Snr-Gen. Than Shwe and his wife Kying Kying were not happy with such talk.
He saw her wrinkles, perhaps.
In the present case, the author has not substantiated his claim that the law was interpreted and applied arbitrarily or that its application amounted to a denial of justice which could constitute a discrimination in violation of article 26 of the Covenant. The Committee considers that the communication is inadmissible under article 2 of the Optional Protocol.
of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the
Provides a notification that a particular method is no longer being used by an event handler.
`'Tis coming!
Larger pieces can fill with rainwater, providing a breeding ground for disease-spreading mosquitos.
251. In the ESCAP region, the Scalabrini Migration Centre in the Philippines publishes the Asian Migrant, a magazine of current migration issues.
23. The fifth reason is that United Nations peacekeeping must be able to work effectively with the increased range of actors, both United Nations and non-United Nations, involved in peacebuilding.
In the wake of the great event, people began to realize that a nation could not go without cohesive power.
So, let me, little forgotten.
If Arab citizens could transform their culture of humiliation into a culture of hope, perhaps they would be able to reconcile themselves with Israel’s existence.
E. Capacity-building and technical cooperation
Enjoy the champagne.
The program deals with subjects as diverse as pop music and Beijing Opera.
Target 2013: zero prosecutions
In addition, the Permanent Secretary for Home Affairs will lead a dedicated team to step up and coordinate efforts in this regard. The team will monitor closely the service needs of NAs during the adaptation period, so as to ensure that the support services can meet their needs. Moreover, the team will enhance collaboration with NGOs and district organizations to facilitate the early integration of NAs and ethnic minorities into the local community.
24. Replacement of night observation equipment is essential to improve the Force's observation capability in the buffer zone on a 24-hour basis.
It pointed out that donors were disinclined to provide additional funding until and unless the financial resources remaining from their contributions have been utilized, which involves drawing from the reserve balances.
The result 10. The impact on the United Nations budget is now shown in "increase UN costs" per category, and the bottom line shows the overall percentage.
Sixty-ninth session
The Council began its consideration of the item and heard a briefing by Mr. Petritsch.
St. Kitts and Nevis
25. Bangladesh remained committed to the protection and promotion of human rights despite the challenges it faced, including poverty and climate change.
About fair issue of chosen a few systems still lies in exploration.
In 2011, the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants also recommended reconsidering its reservation to article 37(c).
“I cannot believe I have got this far.”
Therefore it was considered that the onset of LH and FSH secretion from the pituary gland was accelerated and further that this endocrine disruption had been the cause for the acceleration of spermatogenesis.
28. Further decides to appropriate to the Special Account for the International Tribunal for Rwanda a total amount of 75,260,600 dollars gross (68,531,900 dollars net) for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999, which also includes provisions for the revised salary and other conditions of service, including the pension entitlement for members of the International Tribunal for Rwanda;
Because of the inexorable nature of the knowledge of the truth, it may be stated, from a historical perspective, that truth, justice and reparation are fundamental components of a democratic society and that, far from weakening such a society, they nourish and strengthen it.
For the text of the decision, see chapter II, section B, decision 2001/115.
The General Customs Directorate is working towards that target by implementing a new management model.
A similar problem occurs when you need to run a bunch of basic wires out from your box to other devices.
Then whats your idea of a good price?
Con+dense together+thick concentrate, compress, squeeze The milk is sour, it must be corroded in the open air. Cor+rode with+to gnaw, to bite crawlv
They often find it difficult to get a job even if their qualifications are in demand in the market or if there is a shortage of labour in their region.
(c) Ensure that the Istanbul Protocol (Manual on the Effective Investigation and Documentation of Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, 1999) becomes an integral part of the training provided to physicians and other officials undertaking investigations and that it is translated into all appropriate languages; and
Implementing a post-2012 climate change framework will present fundamental challenges to the global community and calls for strengthened international environmental governance.
For as long as most of these women could remember, they had experienced violence in one form or another.
42. At its 12th meeting, on 5 September 2006, the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Revitalization of the General Assembly concluded its work for the sixtieth session of the General Assembly.
Pursuant to the decisions and recommendations contained in General Assembly resolution 50/27 the Committee had discussed matters relating to the convening of a third UNISPACE conference and matters related to possible alternative means of meeting the objectives of such a conference, taking into account the work of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
The State Attorney's Office regards racial remarks against the Arab population as incitement to racism, and initiates criminal proceedings on their behalf.
Lastly, the Commission should study in more detail the specific nature of local and regional customary rules, which were important for regulating relationships among States and for dispute settlement, including as part of legal and arbitration mechanisms at the regional level.
1. Right of peoples to self-determination [69]
The first concerned the preparation of version 4 of the Women's Indicators and Statistics Database (Wistat), which has been described as the most comprehensive international database on gender and social statistics and has been widely used within the international system and in research throughout the world.
We commend the International Criminal Court (ICC) for all that it has accomplished to date and thank the President of the Court for his report this morning.
Sport for peace and development
In addition, while on the one hand competent intergovernmental organizations would be invited to implement operational activities mandated by these instruments, on the other hand, NGOs are expected to monitor, on behalf of the general public, the conservation and sustainable use of the marine living resources of the world's oceans and seas as well as the implementation of all relevant instruments to ensure such conservation and sustainable use.
The decision to refer a case to national authorities for a criminal investigation is taken in consultation with the Office of Legal Affairs.
1. It is noted that, as you have been informed, a prerequisite to your appointment is your resignation from the post of judge of the Family Court before the assumption of your duties.
To install an E85 outlet within five miles of the majority of drivers would require a total of 20,000 sites, according to Phil Lampert, executive director of the National Ethanol Vehicle Coalition.
We will import develop and leverage human capital in all fields and at all levels.
Second Postgraduate Course on Remote Sensing and GIS
Having considered the report of the Committee on Conferences for 2008, the relevant reports of the Secretary-General and the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services of the Secretariat,
The matter was submitted for consideration to political agents and experts, with a report being requested from the Council of State.
III. Preparation of preliminary implementation assessments and stocktaking exercise
Now he doesn't have to worry about making a living.
It mentioned efforts aimed at asylum and refugee policy, integration policy, combating racism and xenophobia, and promoting the rights of foreigners.
Many countries have also invested in early childhood education and expanding the provision of childcare for children below 3 years of age.
That's a shame, but it's actually pretty common.
56. A number of delegations stressed the importance of the article and supported its general thrust.
3. The purpose of the present report is to present key characteristics of oil statistics and point out crucial methodological challenges.
2. The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Some delegations called for more focus on capacity-building and the need for improved UNICEF engagement to steer such processes as poverty reduction strategies and sector-wide approaches (SWAps) at national level.
To address the issue, the Government was trying to link provision of health services to the existing system of agricultural and community extension workers who were being trained to provide basic health-care services.
2. Underscores that the continent's debt burden and debt overhang are a deterrent to investment, and damage prospects for economic growth and poverty eradication, and thus require urgent action towards a durable solution if Africa is to make progress in attaining the international development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration;
She's not in a hurry to get home and the motorway is going to be busy so she's going to take it slow.
His Government would also support the efforts of CTITF to ensure that the Secretary-General's report on the implementation of the Global Strategy would include clearer criteria and indicators that Member States could consider during the review process, taking into account the priorities of the various CTITF entities.
It fails to consider the position of the offender in contrast to the victim.
The dandelion is a perennial plant found, to the dismay of many, almost everywhere.
31. The meta-evaluation highlighted the need for a more active role of regional offices in ensuring better quality of the evaluations conducted at field level.
52. Due to lack of sufficient internal fiscal accounting and downward accountability, investments by local authorities are not always responsive to local needs and aspirations.
aOfficial Records of the United Nations Conference on the Carriage of Goods by Sea, Hamburg, 6-31 March 1978 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.80.VIII.I), document A/CONF.89/13, annex I.
The two great religions of the world cannot afford to let their relationship be defined according to antiquated, antagonistic paradigms.
In-session: 200 original pages
Mr Olmstead said his daughter's work was evolving as she developed into a mature artist.
115. Also at its opening plenary meeting, the Board completed the election of officers to serve on the Bureau of the Board at its fifty-sixth session by electing 10 vice-presidents and the Rapporteur.
At the same meeting, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations, the Council also decided to extend an invitation, under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure, to Ms. Ellen Margrethe Løj, Special Representative of the SecretaryGeneral for Liberia.
 But the average annual inflow of foreign direct investment into Africa has come down from a level of $2.5 billion in the 1980s to $2 billion in the 1990s.
(iii) Rational and diet meals at school, college and university canteens, to be organized by the Ministry of Education, Sciences and Technology.
Even so, more than 95 percent of the social wealth was concentrated in the hands of the three major categories of feudal lords -- government officials, nobles and senior monks, who accounted for less than five percent of the population of Tibet, and the common people, who accounted for 95 percent of the population were extremely poor.
My view on success What Is SuccessWhat is success Different people hold views on This question.
(b) HIV adult prevalence rate
Core temperature 106 fahrenheit, pulse 200 bpm, The pupils are fully dilated.
The fact of not granting this request does not, of course, imply a denial of justice or a lack of equality between the parties.
He is respected by his villagers for his wisdom.
60th plenary meeting
1899 natural disasters in the United States
1. NPT parties should affirm that the security benefits of the NPT can be fully realized only through strict compliance by all parties with the nonproliferation obligations of the Treaty, and that verification and enforcement of those obligations must be strengthened.
(f) Accessibility should be an integral part of the work of the United Nations and should be promoted progressively in all aspects, including its premises, communication and human resource management, as well as in conference documentation and services.
61. I condemn the attack on 27 May against UNIFIL personnel that injured six peacekeepers, two of them seriously, as well as two Lebanese civilians.
Medical terms : traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) 5454/57
Introduction
It is our goal to do as much as possible without impacting the gameplay experience overall.
5. The Third SADC/European Union Ministerial Conference held in Vienna on 3 and 4 November 1998 (see A/53/668, annex), reviewed ongoing cooperation between the two organizations and discussed future priorities including support for democratic institutions and the promotion of human rights through logistical and technical assistance for the electoral process in SADC countries; cooperation in the area of conflict prevention, peacemaking and peacekeeping; strengthening cooperation to combat crime, drug trafficking and the illegal trade of small arms; support for regional integration, inter alia, technical assistance for the establishment of a SADC free trade zone and support to the transport sector; promotion of trade and investment and assistance to small and medium enterprises.
2. Inclusion of the New York Convention in a larger text
A process to identify a suitable city to locate the regional office, based on existing criteria, is in progress and EECA is temporarily functioning from New York.
There are questions about how effective it would as a control measure.
(e) All States Parties will develop and promote bilateral, regional and international cooperation, including through South-South cooperation and by sharing national experiences and good practices, resources, technology and expertise to implement the Convention.
Cat diseases
7. Underscores the importance of maintaining the El Niño/Southern Oscillation observation system, continuing research into extreme weather events, improving forecasting skills and developing appropriate policies for reducing the impact of the El Niño phenomenon and other extreme weather events, and emphasizes the need to further develop and strengthen these institutional capacities in all countries, in particular developing countries;
A colony of huge cave spiders are finally heading home after 10 years.
That is the creed of this site.
There was a small shaved square on Sage's flank, where an attempt was made to release the stomach gas with a large-bore needle.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,405,100
53. The Chairperson of the Human Rights Committee was among the speakers featured at the televised event entitled Bringing Durban Home: Implementing the United Nations AntiDiscrimination Agenda, which was organized by DPI in observance of the International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in 2002.
149. Since 2006, donor support to CHFs in Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo alone has been over US$1.5 billion.
Action 3: The States Parties will coordinate their actions to promote the Convention, including actions taken at a high level and through bilateral contacts and in multilateral fora.
He owned a piece of land that may be mortgaged.
Don't make any reference to the drawbacks in his work when you give the lecture.
Yes, I can drive. I have driven a car for seven years.
1. Takes note of the summary by the President of the Economic and Social Council of the special high-level meeting of the Council with the Bretton Woods institutions, the World Trade Organization and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, held in New York on 16 April 2007, and of the note by the Secretary-General on coherence, coordination and cooperation in the context of the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus, prepared in collaboration with the major institutional stakeholders and other relevant organizations of the United Nations system;
(f) States would provide prompt, timely and reliable responses to requests for assistance in tracing illicit small arms and light weapons;
Mr. Bennouna (Morocco): It is for me a great pleasure to congratulate, on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, Mr. Rubens Ricupero on the extension of his appointment as Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) for a new period of one year.
Will it also help Blackstone do deals in China?
List of documents
Letter dated 24 September 2008 from the Permanent Mission of Greece to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
In that respect, they noted with satisfaction the pursuit of the joint annual consultative meetings between the Peace and Security Council and the members of the Security Council; and the continued functioning of the mechanisms established between the African Union Commission and the United Nations Secretariat to foster strategic partnership and operational coordination.
 Stressing the growing importance of the symbiotic relationship between disarmament and development in current international relations,
For other general corporate purposes.
If these fundamental accounting assumptions are not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons.
Sixth session
16. Encourages Member States to adopt, where necessary, measures to strengthen public awareness of the risks, threats and negative impacts posed to society by the abuse of drugs;
This is obviously a short illustrative list.
Israel has sought to justify its conduct on the ground that any building associated with the government was a legitimate non-civilian target and that any person employed by the Hamas government, in whatever capacity, enjoyed no protection as a civilian.
A.
(b) Outreach to Member States, in particular Southern providers, on post-conflict needs and possible instruments to respond thereto.
Contractual translation and quality control
Conference on Disarmament
Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the period from 22 September 1993 to 30 June 1998 as at 30 June 2008
83. The reform of BVO and MAVO is geared towards:
Now, were you working at Ay Jay's on Saturday night, April 8?
Do not litter or pollute the water.
This would contribute to the rapid and full integration of developing countries into the multilateral trading system.
Participants having difficulties obtaining visas are advised to contact the National Organizing Committee at the address contained in paragraph 8 above.
Algeria subscribes to these principles in full cognizance and hopes in this way to contribute to their universality.
At the recent EPP Congress in Helsinki, European Council President Donald Tusk was explicit: breaching the rule of law is incompatible with belonging to the Christian Democrat family – a message obviously aimed at Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orbán.
Three computers in this area are infected by virus.
 Provision is made for medical care and treatment of sick and injured military personnel and for emergency dental care of troops at outside facilities when treatment cannot be furnished by the Force's established medical and dental facilities.
Subparagraphs (f) and (g) -- Please identify the specialized offices involved in the investigation conducted in order to ensure that asylum-seekers have not planned, facilitated or participated in the commission of terrorist acts and that refugee status is not abused by the perpetrators, organizers and facilitators of terrorist acts.
The Conference also looked into the contribution dialogue proper -- hence, dialogue among civilizations and cultures -- can and should make towards the promotion of peace and security, as the essential and irreplaceable prerequisite for the effective and meaningful preservation, protection and long-term management of the environment.
The development of a national housing strategy can be a critical first step and an immediate obligation in relation to the progressive realization of the right to adequate housing.
The Division comprises a number of units through which it performs the following functions:
Try to take the director to one side after the meeting and find out his real opinion.
This is no small achievement.
Describe your potluck. Be sure to mention if attendees should bring anything.
The first of the two black boxes added to investigators' feeling that mechanical or human error caused the crash. There were no voices other than the pilots' on the tape, and no sounds that would indicate anything other than an accident, Black said today on Good Morning America.
To meet the requirements under customary law the custom must have been consistently practised over a long period of time, and both the legal practitioners and society as a whole must have considered the custom to be legally binding.
A. Salaries
The careful man is scarcely scared by the scarce parcel.
$0.78 million
In his spare time, he engages in voluntary work.
I'm sure you can look forward to an enjoyable experience in China.
It would seem that, in some important respects, the world economy fared better in the “golden age of capitalism” than it has in the age of globalization.
- United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, concluded at Montego Bay, Jamaica, on 10 December 1982 and ratified on 16 April 1985
A lot of people will object to the book.
29. The Commission attached great importance to the regional dimension of its assistance.
41. As outlined above, the UNAMSIL deployment throughout the country is undertaken for the principal purpose of facilitating the return of normalcy and extension of the authority of the Government.
Aolung Electric Machine Development Co. Ltd is the first manufacturer that in line of green energy resources micropower driven machine and generator in Macau.
Adoption of the report on credentials
Marin Hinkle
Voices of Youth, for example, is a web portal maintained by UNICEF offering children and adolescents a platform for exploring and discussing issues related to human rights and social change.
He stated that no violations of rules relating to conditions of detention or the provision of medical assistance to detainees had been identified.
Disasters of the scale envisaged in draft article 3 (Definition of disaster) exceeded the national response capacity of even the most affluent States.
He felt her shoulders give wriggle of dissent.
 I sought from the Council contingent authority to deploy up to 50 more United Nations military observers (in addition to the 5 already present), together with a minimal number of civilian support staff.
Principle 17 of the Basic Principles on the Independence of the Judiciary provides:
B. Executive direction and management
17 March 1986a
Mr. Bensouda was nominated and was elected by acclamation.
While pursuing a pragmatic, realistic and stepbystep approach, we need to discuss a range of issues, such as nuclear doctrine and policy, operational status, reduction and verification.
But much of his gold is stuck in cargo, he says, making it impossible to complete sales to keep his business funded.
Have your visa-issuing authorities identified any visa applicant whose name appears on the List?
53.I have been waiting for half an hour.
Those measures can in no way promote peace and stability in the region.
Cops haven't found this yet, Well, you can't be sure of that.
27. The informal sector is a pervasive and persistent economic feature of most developing economies.
To achieve this, UN-Women proposes:
Sixty years ago, they tried to destroy the world.
The rapid pace of technology innovation, adoption and application will impact on Hong Kong's
Peacekeeping operations
Sub - health and sick and elderly people, health care treasures.
Similar obligations exist for development banks funding projects that have an impact on land rights (see A/HRC/13/33/Add.2, para. 5);
Taking into account the policy directions for waterrelated activities of the United Nations Environment Programme as set out in, among other sources, relevant Governing Council decisions, the Millennium Declaration, the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the outcomes of the thirteenth session of the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development pertaining to water, sanitation and human settlements and the 2005 World Summit Outcome as it pertains to water and sanitation,
Tell her if she doesn't, she'll be sorry.
the son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,
35. Several contributors to the present report highlighted training on women's human rights, including prevention of and response to sexual and gender-based violence for military, police and civilian personnel deployed to international peace operations.
Corippo
To continue with broad information and education on matters of safe daily living in areas of radioactive contamination for the public as a whole and for specific groups;
25. Ms. Allport (Dominica) said that although there was no discrimination against women for bank loans or financial services, fewer women than men had access to bank loans in view of the need for collateral, as property was usually in the man's name.
But there are limits: Such huge flows of wealth can be squandered on corruption or showcase projects that turn into white elephants.
"What man?
3.1 The complainant claims that his brother's extradition to Uzbekistan would constitute a violation by the State party of articles 3, paragraph 1, 6, and 7, paragraph 3, of the Convention.
24. In the Office of the Police Commissioner, it is proposed to establish 1 post for the Deputy Police Commissioner for Development (D-1) and 1 post of Administrative Assistant (Field Service) to support the new Deputy Commissioner in his/her day-to-day activities.
Upon the recommendation of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the United Nations Secretariat, in view of the serious nature of the allegations, the officer was repatriated on 12 December.
[23 April 1999]
With regard to assistance to Haiti, Ms. McAdams was unaware of the role played by innovative mechanisms.
The straight part of the dance points downward.
The briefing will be held today, 6 November 2003, from 10 to 11.30 a.m. in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium.
1.2.1 Recruitment and training of 650 new personnel of the Armed Forces of Liberia
In the case of IMIS, this cost increase was well within industry averages experienced for similar software development contracts.
Right now Im training for my third marathon, in Honolulu this December.
122.21 Improve legislation in order to better implement the provisions of the Convention for the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (Russian Federation);
Breakthrough
(i) To advise the Government of Iraq on the development of effective civil and social services;
Rapid economic expansion implies that supplies of energy and raw materials will increasingly limit potential growth.
But i, you know, i-i turned him down.
The Johnsons live next to the supermarket.
On the general trend of open economy, The west countries have adjusted their monetary policies in succession .
The same can be said of our annual sessions.
Thou know'st my daughter's of a pretty age.Faith, I can tell her age unto an hour.LADY CAPULET She's not fourteen.I'll lay fourteen of my teeth, --And yet, to my teeth be it spoken, I have but four--She is not fourteen.
The cameras routinely monitor the night sky over Central Europe.
I believe that we need to go further and more quickly if we wish to achieve the Millennium Development Goals within a reasonable period of time.
85. A highly important activity of the Council should be considering whether the laws in force are in conformity with the basic international conventions and other documents on human rights of women, as well as setting standards and establishing mechanisms for the achievement of equality of genders.
III. Recommendation of the Sixth Committee
10. Also at the 5th meeting, the observer for the European Community made a statement.
(f) The Trusteeship Council completed its primary functions in 1994 with the termination of the Trusteeship Agreement for the last United Nations Trust Territory.
 The decision of the Government to involve the non-governmental community in the dissemination of information against intolerance, racism and xenophobia is also noted.
35. The Chairman said that, if she heard no objections, she would take it that the Committee had concluded its consideration of agenda item 129.
At its request, the Committee was provided with detailed information on the liquidation activities to be carried out at Headquarters during the period from 1 July 2000 to 30 June 2001.
4. In its resolution 2124 (2013), the Security Council further decided to authorize the United Nations to provide non-lethal support to Somali National Army elements engaged in joint operations with AMISOM through a trust fund, underlining that the support must be in full compliance with the human rights due diligence policy.
Using bicycle contributes greatly to people's physical fitness as well as easing traffic jams.
1. Invites Member States that are in a position to do so, without prejudice to the provisions contained in Security Council resolution 1540 (2004) of 28 April 2004 and subsequent relevant Council resolutions, to enact or improve national legislation, regulations and procedures to exercise effective control over the transfer of arms, military equipment and dualuse goods and technology, while ensuring that such legislation, regulations and procedures are consistent with the obligations of States parties under international treaties;
strainer; filter tap flush valve by-pass valve cock; plug cock pipe fitting mitis iron fittings elbow Tee cross relative elevation; relative
(Claim by former UNDCP staff member for rescission of the decisions not to renew his fixed-term contract; and not to consider him for a career appointment)
Letter dated 22 January 2007 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1518 (2003) addressed to the President of the Security Council
Article 248. Anyone so obliged who does not take the necessary steps to ensure that workers carry out their activities in the required conditions of health and safety, or violates the regulations on the prevention of work hazards, seriously endangering workers' health and safety, shall be liable to between 50 and 100 days' fine.
Certain States members of the Committee on Contributions, however, have been obstructing this endeavour for political reasons.
Subcontract component
As the annual Report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (A/67/13) had been submitted to the Fourth Committee of the General Assembly on 6 November 2012, he would focus on the critical short-term needs of the Agency and the extremely worrying situation in Gaza.
Article 22 The competent forest authorities at various levels shall be responsible for the organization of the work of forest insect pest prevention.
IFAD also provided five grants (Brazil, the Amazon Basin, Guatemala, the Philippines and India) to indigenous organizations or to organizations supporting them; the total cost was US$ 2,470,000.
His large head was pink, his brown hair thin and dry.
What have you seen? --come, tell me!
Nearly half (43.5 per cent) of the proposed budget increase for new staff posts is dedicated to the institutionalization of posts in three United Nations regional centres in programme countries.
16. In general, it is essential to integrate the NAPs into macroeconomic policy in order to ensure more efficient programmes to combat desertification and land degradation.
Our great nation, with its millennial civilization and history, stands ready to join hands with other nations to march along that beautiful path, in harmony and in line with the shared aspirations of humankind.
Reliable statistical baselines will be established for all quantitative benchmarks by mid-2007 and statistical capacity built to track progress against them.
Ireland
The States parties to the Convention present differing circumstances and approaches to the implementation of their obligations under the Convention.
Hybrid electric vehicles become solve energy and environmental problems in the transition program feasible.
There remains, however, a need for sustained capacity-building of Parliament to strengthen its various oversight committees, which would bring to the fore its role in promoting accountability and transparency in the public service.
(i) The duration of the identification of the remaining applicants belonging to tribal groupings H41, H61 and J51/52 who present themselves shall be as provided in the provisional schedule.
Vice-Chairmen: Representatives of Algeria, Belarus, Canada, Czech Republic, Guatemala, Kazakhstan, Nepal and Venezuela
(q) Inadequate attention to the potential of information technology in performance monitoring and evaluation, which requires capacity-building and systems integration;
94. Urges the close and continuous involvement in UN-Oceans of all relevant United Nations programmes, funds and the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and the participation of international financial institutions, relevant intergovernmental and other organizations, as well as the Authority and the secretariats of multilateral environmental agreements;
I knew what was in that statue.
No, no, let me shift for myself; and, perhaps, if I have very good luck, I may meet with another Mr. Collins in time.
In the coming weeks, Nidaa Tounes, which won 86 of the parliament’s 217 seats, will face a difficult decision as it attempts to form a government.
Article 12
predestined relationship reason; cause; sake, relationship, edge; fringe, climb for no reason at all There is absolutely no such thing as love or hatred without any reason or cause.
The Act is currently being reviewed, as a number of its provisions need to be amended because it entered into force some time ago and the population it protects is facing new problems.
Members: China, Cuba, India, Indonesia (on behalf of the Group of Asian States), Pakistan (on behalf of the Organization of the Islamic Conference), Sri Lanka, United States of America
15. I can assure the members of this Committee that we are continuing to respond to the General Assembly's call to maintain and improve our activities in the areas of special needs to developing countries, as, for example, in the work of our information centres, in the strengthened media outreach and training programmes for the media from developing countries, and through the Internet-related training seminars we organize.
Love is not a girl for a friend and vice versa. It is not a feeling.
18. Government and police authorities have demonstrated commitment to investigating human rights abuses and sanctioning those found responsible.
4. It is noted that the JIU report seems not to have established any link between the organizational human resources reform as a whole and the Field Service reform.
Let us leave the confusion and all disillusion behind.
Although our efforts are not as great as someone like Nestle, when people are interested in coffee, we teach them about coffee.
61. The Constitution provides that the figure of the lawyer is indispensable to the administration of justice and he or she is inviolable for acts or views expressed in the performance of his or her professional functions.
The plan [ for compensated emancipation ] is proposed as permanent constitutional law.
The countries represented here must face up to that responsibility by building an Organization capable of meeting the challenges posed by globalization in the new millennium.
When the crystals do not mesh properly, the occasional atom will jut out where it should not, creating a defect to which a phage can stick.
He has worked here since 1965. ( He began to work here after 1965
The Government has formulated a rural development strategy with the overall aim of improving living conditions.
I really saw red when he began to blame me for the accident.
Should 4 content boil medicine very long?
Aaron and Spook, to camp out in his backyard.
It is most encouraging to see how these standards empower people in struggling for democracy, and, after achieving it, in building a democratic society.
France was concerned about further executions and recent death sentences.
The first tropical cyclone warning signal was issued on July 20, a month later than normal.
The prevention of pregnancy is possible through good access to contraceptives.
We should respect his leadership.
Uniform invoices specifying business tax paid on purchases of goods and services.
In particular, the State party is requested to provide specific information on actions taken to implement the recommendations from previous concluding observations as they relate to each cluster.
After one of its campaigns related to health, Comunicación Cultural founded in 1985 the Burned Children's Institute.
The purpose of the international renewable energy and energy efficiency bond mechanism is to provide developing country Parties with interest-free loans for financing the development and deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies.
The incumbent has the grade of Under-Secretary-General, but holds the title of Deputy Secretary-General.
Economic and Social Council, organizational session [Charter]
Eyewitnesses also reported seeing many corpses behind the morgue inside the hospital, with the odour of decomposition pervading the area.
The feminization of the pandemic is a reality, particularly in Africa.
Dedicated   hosting  is subject to a 30 days prorated refund on the amount not used.
Contraceptive use has remained low, especially in sub-Saharan Africa where it reached 15.7 per cent in 2009.
None of this is to suggest that the US and Europe should abide every move by every corrupt dictator.
The Group has not been able to verify this.
Andorra
(iv) The Council could encourage the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to pursue ongoing efforts to enhance their cooperation in the follow-up to conferences.
More information on the completed investigations would contribute to even greater transparency.
(b) Emerging issues, trends and new approaches to issues affecting the situation of women or equality between women and men;
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs that form the city of New York
End, aim at the our country domestic little bit existent problems of the brand cellular phone, discussed how to draw up the marketing strategy of domestic brand cellular phone.
Trained and partnered with local organizations to mobilize support for initiatives that address Nigeria's constitution, criminal justice system and electoral procedures.
The Committee resumed consideration of the item and the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Hans-Peter Glanzer (Austria), introduced draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.57.
Ugra River
30. The work programme will be implemented during the current SBI session through an in-session workshop as well as discussions by Parties under this agenda sub-item.
Laughter also increases the release of endorphins, compounds that give you a sense of well-being, in your brain.
Project governance, organization and budget
] A: I heard the news this morning about our friend Jim.
Article 17.For the purposes of item (2) of the first paragraph of Article 6 of the Tax Law, the terms "costs" and "expenses" shall mean all direct expenditures, indirect expenses allocated as costs, as well as marketing expenses, administrative expenses and financial expenses incurred by taxpayers while engaging in production and business, and the term "losses" shall mean all non-operating expenditures incurred by taxpayers in the course of production and business.
Derive from French classic and romance; Deity Dry Wine, Lady First!
The established facts, as supported by the evidence concerning these numerous egregious practices, indicate that there is an essential flaw in the Special Commission's mode of functioning and in its composition, and they threaten the very credibility and integrity of the United Nations.
52. Belize is a full member of the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
You've stepped to the edge of the looking glass.
BACKGROUND:In recent years, the method of bladder reconstruction is still att he experimental stage. Therefore, anatomical study is necessary for its clinical application.
Liquorice
(i) Establishment of centres for cooperation between States and a network of observers to prevent problems related to discrimination;
16. Calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner, the African Union, subregional organizations and all African States, in conjunction with agencies of the United Nations system, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the international community, to strengthen and revitalize existing partnerships and forge new ones in support of the international refugee protection system, notes with interest the result of the humanitarian response review, welcomes the proposals made by the Secretary-General and the General Assembly to strengthen the United Nations humanitarian system, and takes note of deliberations by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee aimed at following up on the humanitarian response review and bringing about greater consistency in the response to humanitarian emergencies;
Replace the words "To reach" with the words "To facilitate the reaching of".
Under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination
Tung Tsing Road, Kowloon City, Kowloon
Synchronizing local changes with the CVS repository
The first four paragraphs dealt with the financial situation of the Force.
(CEDAW/C/BGD/3-4)
Any other matters
They circled over all regions of Lebanon before leaving at 1215 hours over Alma al-Sha`b.
An alternating quantity is called symmetrical when all values separated by a half period have thje same magnitude but opposite sign.
There are eight chlor-alkali plants in Brazil.
Communion
If the aforementioned issuers do not duly announce their marketing documents or submit relevant reports, they are to be ordered by securities regulatory bodies to make corrections and are to pay a fine of more than 50,000 yuan but less than 100,000 yuan.
Commending the work done by Somali civil society groups and nongovernmental organizations, including humanitarian organizations, in the humanitarian field in their efforts to promote and protect human rights,
But they can win in the under?
Article 38 Where loudspeakers are used to direct operations at transport terminals, railway marshal yards, ports, docks and airports, the sound volume shall be controlled so as to minimize the noise impact on the living environment of the neighbourhood.
70. The Working Group reiterates its view that a comprehensive, legally binding international regulatory instrument is necessary to ensure adequate protection of human rights.
Residential Respite Service for Disabled Adults
As reported in the media, in February 2009 the Israeli security cabinet decided that any relaxation in the blockade regime would depend on progress in the negotiations for the release of the captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit.
Such mines have a tendency to be more potent than buried mines since their explosive force is less contained and explosions are typically accompanied by secondary anti-personnel fragmentation.
Several delegations expressed their readiness and commitment to support every effort to complete the drafting of the convention as soon as possible.
In particular, was a violence against women module included in the 2003 Demographic and Health Survey?
info@obeliscohotel.com.ar www.obeliscohotel.com.ar
It is critical at the national and international level to encourage the creation of a new family of civil society organizations that are devoted to a non-partisan and balanced approach to science and technology applications.
Concluding observations: Suriname
The Panel was mindful of its function to provide an element of due process in the review of claims filed with the Commission.
Vladimir Kokovtsov
Therefore, I urge all countries that have not yet signed the Hague Code of Conduct -- particularly those with ballistic capacity -- to accept the Code.
Despite its advantages, this structure raised a twofold problem:
At the more expensive end of the market, a 10-year waiting list for pupils is still the standard boast.
No, but you're the key. yeah.
Globally, the number of persons aged 60 or over will more than triple, increasing from 705 million in 2007 to almost 2 billion by 2050.
As the first Secretary-General to be elected from the ranks of the career United Nations staff, Mr. Annan was highly aware of the burden and responsibility he was to carry as the highest-ranking civil servant in the world.
17:3 And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
This Law shall not apply to recreational or sports activities, normal religious activities or traditional folk events.
65. The amount in excess of the authorized level of the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2005 should have read $2,014,000 instead of $15,804,000, as the General Assembly, in its resolution 59/301, had already authorized the application of the amount of $13,790,000, representing the excess of the authorized level of the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2004.
On the other hand, an exchange of legal experiences and information on access to genetic resources and traditional knowledge and intellectual the property rights in mega-diverse like-minded countries is expected to propose guidelines for future action in the framework of the initiative.
The Committee and FIFA should ask candidate associations and cities to inform about:
38. A number of speakers pointed out that the recent Development Committee meeting had addressed the issue of innovative sources of development financing and had welcomed further work on the issue.
(d) Five Security Assistants (Local level), premises security sub-unit, Field Security Coordination Office, Kirkuk;
Chapter XVI Supplementary Provisions Article 213   Unit of account   mentioned in this Law refers to the Special Drawing Right as defined by the International Monetary Fund; its equivalent in Renminbi shall be the amount calculated in terms of the conversion rate from the Special Drawing Right of the International Monetary Fund to Renminbi as prescribed by the competent State foreign exchange authority at the date of the judgement of the court, the date of the award of arbitration agency or the date agreed between the parties concerned.
He noted with satisfaction its success in collecting contributions and in mobilizing resources for programme activities.
Medium - CFC-11 and CFC-12 have significant GWP and volumes of both refrigerant and blowing agent are also substantial.
Despite prohibitive and protective legislation, the rights of females continued to be violated.
An additional Programme Management Officer is therefore required to provide overall project management support to this subprogramme.
Subprogramme 1. Integrated management of natural resources for sustainable development
325 I am not sure such data does exist.
Post-graduate studies at the Hague Academy of International Law
Arlington, Kentucky
Second Committee
During the visit, the persons from the National Monitoring Directorate accompanying the team did not enter the site because it was not affiliated with any Iraqi authority.
The agenda was adopted without objection.
small animals and insects build their homes in the hollows of trees.
Source: UNFPA, Financial Resource Flows for Population Activities in 2007 (New York, 2009) and Resource Flows Project database.
"I wonder if men are fooling themselves, thinking, well there's no one to prove whether I'm single or not."
DiH Mouvement de protestation civique
it is of no consequence.
El Salvador is making every effort to complete the domestic procedures that will enable it to become a party to both conventions in the shortest possible time.
The Special Rapporteur stated in paragraph 45 of his report (A/64/338) that the Declaration also affirms that indigenous peoples have the right to cultural integrity, "including cultural and spiritual objects, languages and other cultural expressions" which is intimately linked to their lands, territories and resources.
This has been amply demonstrated by the current financial crisis, coupled with the food crisis and higher risks to energy security.
Appropriate award and penalty system should be put in place.Guidelines to handle/dismiss teachers who are under-performing or uncooperative in the quest for quality school education should be spelt out.
Finally, a model is established to determine launch parameter of wake - guided torpedo in fan-shaped salvo and parallel salvo.
Mr. Arba Diallo
However, these figures do not include the country with the highest number of events (India), as it did not report on this parameter, and the figures therefore need to be taken with caution.
What about the delivery end?
Measures to limit and/or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol in the transport sector;
He stressed how the promotion of the ratification of the Convention and its effective implementation should be a priority for the United Nations and for the international community as a whole.
It is also not forcing other people to be submissive to you by being tricky and brutal.
Approximately 1,200 Islanders receive benefits that average approximately $500 month.
The courts can extend the duration of fosterage for two more years.
This is particularly difficult for the legal officers away from New York who work in isolation and without local administrative support.
:: Programmes on microenterprises and labour training.
J. Turkey
Thailand shares the noble objectives and aspirations that have been expressed during this meeting and is ready and willing to do whatever we can to support the realization of these objectives and aspirations.
He suggested that the draft decision could be discussed by the contact group.
He knows drawing and wants to join a fine arts club.
11.5 End of Service Allowance is a benefit payable to UNIDO general service staff at the Vienna duty station upon separation from service, which is based on length of service and final salary.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization on the promotion of ecotourism for poverty eradication and environment protection (General Assembly resolution 67/223)
Any person without disposing capacity or with limited disposing capacity is not qualified as a promoter.
Mr. Edonias Niyongabo, Chief of staff, Ministry for Regional Integration and East African Community Affairs, Burundi
beijing cultural festival symbolThe design of the Cultural Festival Symbol shows a human being and a lantern dancing joyfully.
We agree that it is essential to reach consensus on such an important draft resolution, but we also very much appreciate the very kind invitation extended by Ambassador Mine to let delegations indicate their views on the language of the draft.
Analysis on 5 cases of aromatic amino - or nitro-compounds poisonings misdiagnosed as acetonitrile poisoning
That programme, designed in the context of the service modules, covered the needs of both the Government and the private sector and had been worked out with the cooperation of industrial support institutions and non-governmental organizations (NGOs), focusing on entrepreneurship development and particularly on women in development.
Unlike in Ukraine, investors have shrugged off the noisy demonstrations in Mexico City’s streets and remained focused on interest rates and fluctuations in the global economy.
Yemen
22 February 2005: Hundreds die in a 6.4 magnitude quake centred in a remote area near Zarand in Iran's Kerman province.
51. In order to fully realize a society for all, greater efforts are needed to establish a comprehensive evidence base for effective social policies.
The fact that Arab women were poorly represented in the Knesset was undeniable but the Government could not dictate how parties should rank their candidates on lists or how the voters should vote.
Each prisoner is engaged in labour activity determined by the administration of the prison.
Taking into consideration the limited availability of social workers and the scarcity of resources, the Committee recommends that the State party give greater support to the work of NGOs in this domain and provide the police services with training on children's rights so that the police can contribute to the protection of children from acts of violence or other abuse while on the street.
And a star will brighten the sky; songs of joy will echo on high!
Other main activities in the field relevant to the mandate of the treaty body concerned
A man of his position did not sit down at tables of such women as that.
These products represented about one-third of the product coverage of the Japanese GSP scheme.
The primary source of assessment of needs should be the UNDP resident representatives, acting in their capacity as UNEP representatives at the country level.
Of the total $5.33 billion disbursed by bilateral and multilateral donors for humanitarian and recovery efforts in Haiti in 2010 and 2011, an estimated 10 per cent has been channelled through government systems.
Areas of focus for humanitarian action must be made on the basis of mappings of vulnerability that reflect these complexities.
Under certain load conditions, there is an optimum value of dissolved oxygen.
SADC thus welcomed the report of the Secretary-General on improvement of the situation of women in rural areas (A/62/202) and the recommendations it contained, and called for enhanced political commitment in implementing them.
Table 3
 Noting that development and socio-economic growth and population growth will require more energy services, a requirement which must be met in a sustainable way,
Heong Peng
2005/118. Technical cooperation and advisory services in the field of human rights in Chad 344
2.5 With respect to the requirement of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the authors state that they submitted their respective cases to the National Commission on Human Rights, an organ they claim was established for the purpose of investigating claims of human rights violations.
Article 17: Artistes and sportspersons
Harley Quinn
Improvement is within the range of possibility.
Target 2014-2015: 15
Nikolay agreed, and the whole party, its numbers now doubled, moved on.
Speeches by Senior Government Officials in 2005
2,957.5 hours were flown, 10,147 passengers were transported and 505 air observation patrols were conducted over the Territory
Customer identification requirements for legal entities include the individuals who are legally authorized to represent them, as well as their owners.
Millions of Palestine refugees carry on with their lives in dismal and harsh conditions of refugee camps.
A. Introduction 18 - 21 6
(d) Operative paragraph 6 (i), which read:
Noting that UNFPA had a special responsibility as the lead multilateral organization promoting the implementation of the ICPD Programme of Action, another delegation expressed support and encouraged UNFPA efforts to expand access to family planning and maternal health services in order to save the lives of women and children in Africa.
"26. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to assess the effectiveness of the operational activities for development of the United Nations system, including in particular by assessing the effective use of all capacities available to provide a comprehensive and flexible response to developing countries' demand for development support, and further requests him to report on the results of this assessment in the context of the next triennial policy review at its sixty-second session;
 That name fully conformed with Security Council resolution 817 (1993), which contained no demand that his country should cease to use its name; any such demand would be contrary to international law.
2. The Conference was inaugurated by H.E. Mr. Taro Aso, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan. The opening statement was made by H.E. Mr. Mohammad K. Khalili, Vice President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, followed by H.E. Mr. Tom Koenigs, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Afghanistan.
Mannitol , a typical pharmaceutical excipient, was selected as the solute in aqueous solution.
Assistant National Director for Criminal Affairs, 1987.
Acknowledgement
For example, any United States citizen working for the United Nations who pays a child for an act of prostitution or has sex with a child too young to consent, or with a child of sufficient age difference under federal law, can be prosecuted in the United States for such offences.
i mean, come on, there's only a one-in-six chance it'll even go off.
Provision is also made regarding Crown land and for public financial management, including the independent audit of public accounts.
(iii) Is the certificate of sponsorship in the proper form (regulation 11)?
Every man has his hobby-horse
179. No information was received from the Government regarding outstanding cases.
In order to develop and implement specific transit arrangements, the public and private sectors of the transit country and of the land-locked country need to cooperate within each country, as well as between the two countries, through appropriate national and regional coordination mechanisms.
 55. Some problems may nevertheless arise with respect to the developmental impact of linkages in the context of these policies.
39. The previous week, the President of the United States, George W. Bush, had announced the possible cessation of military exercises on Vieques in 2003.
The tonic-dominant tonal area in the exposition of sonata form shows an influence of ritornelle.
In this regard, note 14 to the financial statements indicates that a 1 per cent increase in the discount rate would result in a 14 per cent decrease in the after-service health insurance liability.
:: Post establishment: a new post is proposed to be established when additional resources are necessary and when it is not possible to redeploy resources from other offices or otherwise accommodate specific activities from within existing resources.
Under the ICSC framework, the continuing appointment is for career staff who provide programme continuity in core functions of the Organization.
Fountain Artificially produced jet of water , and the structure from which it rises.
Anything less - for instance giving a decision without providing the reasons behind it - can sow mistrust among those who provided input and may affect their future participation in such processes.
Instead, the focus should be on how they were addressed at national level.
"Ive only been in town two days
The lack of a secure environment for economic growth can discourage foreign investments.
Secondly, the US statistics of its exports to China has been under-estimated by neglecting re-exports.
The Dera offered free education to its members and their children and free food for the hungry.
Gather facts about various attempts at voluntary agreements with media companies on positive measures such as not broadcasting violent programmes during certain hours and making a clear presentation before programmes about their content, and the development of technical devices such as “V-chips” to help consumers block out certain types of programmes.
561. Children and teenagers are of particular concern to libraries.
The proper functioning of the multilateral trading system could only be achieved by ensuring the full participation of all countries, particularly the least developed countries.
Article 4
Rohkunborri National Park
In 2008, the Working Group held three meetings to address and resolve outstanding issues.
A third party, the United Democratic Party (UDP), was set up in 1993 by a former PDM deputy leader.
" Harry met every train for the next three or four days.
She reached behind the herbs and grabbed a box of tea bags, a supermarket house brand. Better than nothing.
Rule 20
Not good. He eats like a pig, he never takes a bath, and he leaves his dirty clothes all over the house.
Paras. 13, 15: [B2]
This offence was included in the 1881 Act on Freedom of the Press (art. 24, para. 3) by Act No. 87—1157 of 31 December 1987.
Albania is in the early phase of its emergence from a 45-year period under a despotic, autarkic, command economy system that left it with a stagnant economy and a population caught in a trap of low productivity.
25. The first concerns the role of the draft agreement itself.
I should be grateful if the present letter could be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
16. Urges international and bilateral donors and other countries and entities in a position to do so to provide contributions to the voluntary Trust Fund for the Conference in a timely manner and requests the Secretary-General to make further efforts to use the limited resources in the Trust Fund in an efficient, effective and transparent manner in order to enhance the active participation of representatives from developing countries in the preparatory process of the Conference (comprising the remaining intersessional meetings, informal informal negotiations and the third session of the Preparatory Committee), and in the Conference itself, and in this regard encourages the Secretary-General, when using the resources of the Trust Fund, to prioritize the coverage of economy-class air tickets, daily subsistence and terminal expenses;
Of particular concern are the stalled implementation of the amnesty law and repatriation of Congolese former M23 fighters from their cantonment sites in Rwanda and Uganda to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It also noted progress in harmonizing national legislation with the CRC.
Upon inquiry, the Committee was informed that, if the cost was negotiated at a lower level, the international contractual personnel would include more nationals from low-cost countries.
Total, line 8
194. Remedial action is one of three key pillars in the implementation of the comprehensive strategy to address sexual exploitation and abuse and other forms of misconduct.
The Committee concurs with the Board's recommendations and encourages the Board to continue to follow up on these matters.
197. The Ethnic Minority Employment Task Force co-ordinates Government activity to improve employment and overall labour market achievement for ethnic minority groups.
(Agenda item 4 (a))
Attending this one was essential to her job as the familys estate lawyer
Transmission of information to the Committee
' He would say nothing else.
Notwithstanding the limitations noted above, the extensive network of conventions, protocols and Security Council resolutions constitute a structure that goes a considerable way towards providing an adequate legal framework for international judicial cooperation against terrorism.
The present document contains general information which may be helpful to participants.
A Comparative Study on Sino-Japanese Relations and Russo-Japanese Relations in the Period of Hatoyama Cabinet
But they are increasingly thought of as a measure of societal well-being, which they are not.
Commanding officer for all military judges, prosecutors and other judge advocates in the Republic of Korea Army, Air Force and Navy; head administrator of the Korean Military Judiciary and Military Prosecutor's Office; chairman of the government compensation panel, personnel claims review committee, administrative claims committee, and a joint investigation team regarding conscription-related corruption; head legal representative of the Government in military claims and affairs; legal adviser to the Minister of National Defense in areas relating to military-national defense law as well as in major bilateral and multilateral agreements relating to military cooperation and national procurement.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
This initiative now brings $1 billion annually to 5 million of Brazil's poorest families, and supports nearly 10 million children in school.
45. Legislation does not recognize the right of conscientious objection based on religion and belief.
 The Commission must obtain results.
Reiterating that the impact of the Unit on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system is a shared responsibility of the Member States, the Unit and the secretariats of the participating organizations,
One delegation suggested that States should be urged to stipulate in their criminal law that enforced disappearance constitutes a "serious offence".
Such a scenario is often called “business as usual.”
3. Promoting actions leading to cooperation and coordination
Concerns about the long-term prospects of the Palestinian economy continued to include the need for recovery of the private sector, reduction of dependency on foreign aid and public expenditure, diversification of the economy, access to natural resources and removal of access restrictions.
“3. Urges the nuclear-weapon States to stop immediately the qualitative improvement, development, production and stockpiling of nuclear warheads and their delivery systems;
Altogether the 20 nations account for 70 % of global economic output.
10. Although it is not the function of the Human Rights Committee to review the conduct of a State party under other treaties, in exercising its functions under the Covenant the Committee has the competence to take a State party's other international obligations into account when it considers whether the Covenant allows the State party to derogate from specific provisions of the Covenant.
(b) Law enforcement personnel;
Not having up - to - date data should be cause for dismissal.
36. Member States should help the Organization achieve zero indebtedness as part of their quest for prudent budgetary and financial management.
Rapporteur: Mr. Muhammad Shahrul Nizzam Umar (Brunei Darussalam)
I can not compare myself, he said.
1 Dialogue 1A:What can l show you, madam
Second, democracy requires institutions of restraint, such as an independent judiciary and media, to uphold fundamental rights like freedom of speech and prevent governments from abusing their power.
"Again, you have heard that the ancients were told, ' You shall not make false vows, but shall fulfill your vows to the Lord.'
Recent years have seen reductions in the general, maternal and infant mortality rates, together with a slight increase in life expectancy at birth.
The report will bring to the attention of the Council any decisions or recommendations of the regional commissions that statutorily require its approval.
13. Ensure the full and effective implementation of existing laws and policies relating to the rights of women and children, in order to protect these rights and eliminate all forms of discrimination (Thailand); Continue to place emphasis on poverty alleviation and eradication, on women's empowerment and children's rights (Singapore).
The UNDP assistance was used in the following four components: (1) support to the damage assessment team (Guimaras Task Force); (2) environmental damage assessments; (3) early recovery projects for the community; and (4) building local capacity for disaster rehabilitation and preparedness.
"Letter dated 22 September 2008 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Saudi Arabia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2008/615)".
Taxoboxes with an unrecognised status system
247. The Committee expresses its concern at the noticeable reduction in the rate of breastfeeding following the first month of birth.
35. The direct negotiations which began in June 1998 in Arusha under the mediation of former Tanzanian President Julius Nyerere represented a step forward and reflected the national and international communities' hopes for efforts to find a peaceful solution.
Security Council resolution 871 (1993) of 4 October 1993 remains the foundation for any future UNPROFOR action in Croatia, as well as the overall framework for initiating the process of the peaceful reintegration of the UNPAs into the legal and economic system of the Republic of Croatia.
Develop and mutually agree on overall work plans for purposes of coordinating work;
The Committee recommends that the General Assembly adopt those five draft resolutions.
Union of Women of Luxembourg
* A summary of the approved programme budget will subsequently be issued as Official Records of the General Assembly, Sixtieth Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/60/6/Add.1).
Article 14 Both husband and wife shall have the right to use his or her own surname and given name.
Both at the national level and in the case of Ciudad Juárez, important efforts are under way to enhance legislation and strengthen institutions and budgets
She left the room as inconspicuously as possible.
He is keen to show off the 205-room Hoxton, built on a former car park, and gives a well-rehearsed rant about the traditional hotel model.
1877
Many leading Brazilian performers had left the country to take advantage of the continuing bossa nova craze in the United States.
He made a fast finishing burst and over take the leaders on the home straight.
401. Lack of access to the Government's information and decisions made by the Government had prevented the poor from being able to participate in the community activities, which constituted a gap between the Government's policies and the implementation of all those policies.
100. The Special Rapporteur suggests that OHCHR, subject to the availability of resources for this purpose, should give more guidance and training, preferably in the form of technical assistance or information notes, on how best to structure UPR submissions.
However, the recent rapid development in telecommunication technologies and health informatics has been changing the picture dramatically.
I can not discribe my feels at that time by words
While some of his peers might quarrel with the title, his credentials remain impressive.
27. Miscellaneous services
This should have alerted the authorities to take appropriate action.
Hopefully we can show you soon some real images.
Proposal submitted by Colombia: Comments on the proposal submitted by the United States of America concerning article 6, Crime of genocide (PCNICC/1999/DP.4)
 Despite their slow pace, the peace negotiations have resulted in several important agreements and strengthened the conviction that peace is imperative.
While the "death" of agrarian reform was proclaimed in the 1970s, and few efforts were made to conduct land reform programmes in the 1980s and early 1990s, land reform returned to the international agenda in 1996 (see A/57/356).
6. Key trends and policy concerns relevant to the region relate to the following areas of the Declaration: peace, security and disarmament; development and poverty eradication, human rights, democracy and good governance; protecting the vulnerable; protecting our common environment and strengthening the United Nations.
24. Enquiring about the phased redistribution of land referred to in paragraph 178 of the report, she asked whether women and men had enjoyed the same access to ownership rights during that process and what was the percentage of women and men who owned land.
In addition, beneficiaries of international protection only had three months to submit their application for family reunification in order to receive exemption from more demanding conditions (i.e. a stable income, adequate housing and health insurance).
60. Building on that dialogue, the present report focuses on a smaller number of actions to improve delivery at the country level, implemented through existing mandated structures and processes.
And calling him was an amazing thing to do for me.
The international statistical community and national statistical offices should engage actively in these discussions.
In June 1995, the Canadian International Development Agency adopted a new policy on poverty reduction.
But the smart money hardly ever talks in such ethereal terms.
3.3 The authors claim that these provisions, whenever applied, violate Canada's obligations under the Covenant, in particular article 2.
15. A request for mutual legal assistance shall contain:
However, a study of the extent of respect for human rights should be undertaken in a civilized manner on a comprehensive basis and should not impose the views of an individual group of countries.
So I provide a worthy consulting for the Dalian port rolling industry s construct and development.
 In addition, 22 scholarships have been granted to Somali students.
Note by the Secretary-General
The proposition of this thesis falls in the category of marginal subjects of studies.
Singapore is indeed a civilised nation.
Canada asked Nicaragua to explain what measures were being taken to guarantee access to justice and protection from gender-based violence.
I"d like to report the loss of my credit card and cancel it
The participants jointly concluded that the Slovak legislation was in general compliance with the requirements of these instruments.
68. In the meantime, the action plan for the national poverty reduction strategy paper was finalized and endorsed by the Government on 11 April.
58. At 1745 hours, an armed terrorist group opened fire on law enforcement personnel near the dye works, from the direction of Qarabis.
The fourth scenario concerns persons who were reported missing but who had actually abandoned their families and, in some cases, even left the country, because of personal problems or family disputes.
It provides an overview of recent concepts and successes of crime prevention, describes the new challenges for the international community in preventing transnational organized crime and corruption, addresses the links between socio-economic development and crime and discusses strategies to manage crime prevention at the national level.
The Council of Europe has produced resolutions and documents on the formation of national policy relating to the building of the information society.
In order to advance the work of ACS, the ACS secretariat, headquartered in Port of Spain, has been charged with coordinating the various activities and cooperating with the founding observers of ACS as well as with other regional, hemispheric and international agencies.
The racists and proslavers are those who, in the guise of professionalism, are selective in their research and studies where their own countries are concerned, but practise swing-wing journalism when it comes to so-called "third world" countries.
In this context, we will continue to take appropriate actions, consistent with national legal authorities and obligations under the relevant international legal framework, to strengthen the implementation of the respective commitments through our legislation, regulations and procedures and to exchange information, inter alia, and as appropriate, in the context of a security dialogue within OSCE about practical measures for strengthening the global non-proliferation regime.
As conditions on the island were difficult, someofthe settlers wanted to move to another place
48. Ms. Benavides (Chairperson of the Working Group on the use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the rights of peoples to self-determination) stressed the importance of expanding the mandate of the Working Group to include a study of the effects of the activities of PMSCs, especially given the growth of those companies in the past ten years.
The underground restriction of condensate gas well is a very important link in the exploitation of condensate gas reservoirs.
To be held on Monday, 4 April 2011, at 3 p.m.
Noting the importance of sustainable forms of tourism for the development of the least developed countries and the small island developing States, as emphasized, respectively, in paragraphs 63 and 64 of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010, endorsed in its resolution 55/279 of 12 July 2001, and in chapter VIII of the Mauritius Strategy for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States adopted on 14 January 2005,
Setting up the interim administration should also be completed as a priority.
Elements for assessment
The Office of the Prosecutor will continue to support ongoing efforts and initiatives to address this important issue.
Resolution 1963 (2010)
4. Fadi Khoudar Ighbariya
That makes it difficult to bring a case of complicity against a Re/Max International employee, except if the employee is a national of a party to the Rome Statute.
Mr. Sarrazin's statements do not constitute incitement to discrimination.
No external sense resistor is needed, and no blocking diode is required due to the internal MOSFET architecture.
133. The Minister of the Interior stated that the first lynching had taken place in 1994.
Review of the resource requirements for the High-Level Intergovernmental Event for Financing for Development and the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries
So you're gonna torture him for a while and then fire him?
This appears to affect more city dwellers and many of the young people who have gone to the cities in search for a better life.
I. Provisional agenda
After closure of the Defence case, another break is required to allow the parties to prepare and file their closing briefs.
29 June 2007
On Keeping a Diary in English On Keeping a Diary in English On Keeping a Diary in EnglishKeeping a diary in English is one of the effective ways to improve our English writing ability.
Have we not the time to sleep and dream but even a little?
Following is a question by the Hon Tang Siu-tong and a reply by the Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands, Mr Michael Suen, in the Legislative Council today (November 27):
It combines postcolonialism and New Criticism in the analysis of a literary work so as to understand the writer as he really is.
Hezbollah anti-aircraft fire has fallen across the Blue Line into Israel. Such fire has caused Israeli casualties.
(2)A good medicine tastes bitter
Administration of justice at the United Nations
7.4 As for the complainant's allegations concerning his treatment following his meeting with the Special Rapporteur on torture, the State party notes that inquiries were undertaken in October and December 2012 by the Office of the Inspector General for the Prison System and that all those involved were interviewed.
They were evidently broken through careless handling while being loaded onto the ship's hold in Sydney dock.
7.1 Before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must, in accordance with rule 87 of its rules of procedure, decide whether or not it is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
I'm talking now about the players below Murray, the young players like Daniel Evans and James Ward, who played against Lithuania.
D.11. Private and public institutions and organizations formulate and implement industrial development policies aiming to strengthen export and trade that are based on an improved database and assessment of global trends.
14. Further requests the Committee to consider and take appropriate action on information brought to its attention concerning any alleged violations of the measures imposed by paragraph 8 of resolution 788 (1992) while that resolution was in force;
22. General Mustapha Hamdan was Chief of the Presidential Guard, General Raymond Azar was head of the army intelligence services and General Ali El Haj was Chief of the Internal Security Forces.
This is a key to enabling broad utility of emerging nano and micro-scale machines in the "macro-scale world. "
(c) To participate in the United Nations Open Day (Geneva, 18 October).
Table 6 and section XII.D of the report of the Secretary-General provide more detailed information on the revised estimated cost to complete the project.
Despite the identical object of study, an etymological approach in terms of historical linguistics is considerably different from one in terms of Chinese traditional exegetics in conception and method.
Structured systems analysis and design method
As far as economic and social rights are concerned, there is yet limited judicial activity, apart from the right to form trade unions and the right to strike, which are regarded as fundamental rights.
we are doing at the start of the programme and then compare our results at the end to see how much we have improved.
Steel wire and wire products for fences. Part 3: hexagonal steel wire netting for engineering purposes.
The CHAIRMAN said that, if he heard no objection, he would take it that the Committee of the Whole wished to refer article 49 to the Drafting Committee.
Pretty soon, the powers that will be break in and it'll all be over.It's just a matter of time.
H.E. Mr. Carlos Correia, Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau, addressed the Conference.
[Image of List of Basel Parties]
On 24 October 1976, The New York Times reported that the terrorists who had launched a wave of attacks in seven countries during the past two years were the products and instruments of the CIA.
(Signed) Damien Callamand
Ecuador
On average, women currently earn 20 per cent less per hour than men.
22. At the 2nd meeting, on 19 May, the Preparatory Committee held a panel discussion, followed by a dialogue with the panellists in which the following delegations participated: Denmark, Honduras, Jamaica, Netherlands, Pakistan, Sudan, Turkey, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America and Zambia.
Page
It is true that there are difficulties with the articles 47-50, in particular the linkage with dispute settlement and the failure to deal with problems arising from “collective” countermeasures in situations where there are many “injured States”.
"The women did not choose scents of men with genes totally similar to their own, or totally dissimilar to their own. They chose men with an intermediate level of difference.
If terrorists ever decide to design and manufacture Hummingbird pistols, were going to be in for mobile, whirling vortices of sheer bullet
In order to leverage the combined strengths of those networks, a "network of networks" is being considered to link them together and act as a force multiplier in the fight against illicit trafficking.
In 2009 and 2010, the regional programme reported achievements in the areas of illicit trafficking and smuggling, governance, criminal justice, drug demand reduction, HIV/AIDS and sustainable livelihoods.
The Committee requests that information on the effectiveness of missions and the overall performance of the Intelligence Tracking Unit be included in future performance reports and estimates.
However, it seems that the pace of that movement has been rather sluggish.
Increased capacity of women microentrepreneurs
:: Request to the Israeli Government to desist from its hostile practices against the Palestinian people, expansion of settlement construction, continued construction of the wall in Jerusalem and Ramallah, pursuit of policies of postponement and procrastination with regard to the implementation of the conventions and treaties to which it had acceded and which had been agreed with the parties concerned, defiance of protocols, conventions and resolutions with international legitimacy and ignoring the road map and the positive aspects of the Arab initiative;
15. Under article 5, States have the obligation to prohibit and eliminate racial discrimination in the enjoyment of all human rights.
S/2002/1050/
The same Committee held that:
1. The masthead of document A/65/15 (Part IV) should read as above.
Agenda item 70 (continued)
 (d) The arrest or detention of persons;
Renju opening pattern
(c) The establishment by the Government of a "Committee for the prevention of military recruitment of underage children" and its discussions with the United Nations Children's Fund towards concluding a plan of action, and stresses the need for the Government to work closely with the Fund;
The United Nations shall not be responsible for the medical expenses of staff members who are exempted from participation in a medical insurance scheme provided by the United Nations except in accordance with the provisions of staff rule 306.4.
Meaning of the phrase "representatives present and voting"
Sweden requested elaboration on measures to ensure impartial investigations into allegations of torture and the prosecution and punishment of perpetrators.
Each routine represents a separate thread of execution and is referred to as a task.
So when the neuron fires it glows yellow.
A reservation purports to exclude or modify the legal effect of certain provisions of a treaty or of the treaty as a whole with respect to certain specific aspects in their application to the State or to the international organization which formulates the reservation.
Resolution 1701 (2006)
Distr.: General
(ii) A staff member who has a temporary or a fixed-term appointment that is completed on the expiration date specified in the letter of appointment;
Statement submitted by HelpAge International, a non-governmental organization in general consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
The Advisory Committee is of the view that, unless such standards are carefully identified and realistically set, reforms could lead to confusion, excessive reporting and high cost.
Some big retailers, such as Saks and Target, have recently reported rising revenues and margins.
In particular, in the aide-m\x{5e66}oire, we have reservations about paragraph 12 on the status of informal consultations, where it is argued that informal consultations do not exist.
Greater regional integration can help.
Of this kind is pity or compassion, the emotion we feel for the misery of others, when we either see it, or are made to conceive it in a very lively manner.
Introduction
Next, the virus spread into my lungs, causing me to have shortness of breath and fatigue.
I had  no  other  choice  but to have him put down.
Being happy is a sort of unexpected dividend. But staying happy is an accomplishment , a triumph of soul and character.
Although the death penalty was still in existence legally, no execution had ever taken place.
The primary objective of delegation of authority is to foster a more efficient use of all resources and facilitate the emergence of more agile and responsive organizations, thus enhancing overall performance.
Additionally, and in the light of Security Council resolution 1966 (2010), the Office has focused on transitional activities that will ensure a smooth transfer of functions to the Residual Mechanism, the Arusha branch of which commenced on 1 July 2012.
It is the rational economic ethics of the Protestantism that mold rational spirit of Capitalism and promote the coming into being and the development of Capitalism.
Your bodies carry a fear and a memory of striving for the knowledge that those gods represented and took away from you.
The Protection from Domestic Violence (Amendment) Act 2007 was proclaimed in September 2011;
Consequently, the Code must be considered with a critical eye to see what could be applied to the Organization and what could not.
Table 4 reflects funding levels for this function for management activities related to programme guidance and oversight, and programme management - $97.9 million in 2008-2009 and $115.5 million in 2010-2011 - incorporating net volume increases of $7.3 million and cost increases of $10.3 million.
Recalling its resolution 1308 (2000) on the responsibility of the Security Council in the maintenance of peace and security: HIV/AIDS and International Peacekeeping Operations and its resolution 1325 (2000) on Women, Peace and Security,
Would they really lean across the passenger seat to toss out a bottle of piss?
His delegation was deeply concerned over the emergence of new forms of protectionism, especially since sweeping trade liberalization policies had been carried out by developing nations and the Uruguay Round of multilateral trade negotiations had come to a successful conclusion.
The domestic effect of the project was undisputed and the turnover threshold requirements were also fulfilled.
The nuclear non-proliferation regime must be a harmonious entity, centred on the United Nations system.
The complex is called the Vela Molecular Cloud Ridge, and may form part of the edge of the Orion spiral arm spur in the Milky Way galaxy.
Rhamdia zongolicensis
He was immediately sent by the guards to hospital, but efforts to save him were unsuccessful.
These rates are exceptional at the European level.
The chief foods eaten in any country depend largely on what grows best in its climate and soil.22. 23.
115. The estimated requirements for the United Nations Regional Centre for Preventive Diplomacy for Central Asia for 2011 amount to $3,277,900, as compared with the appropriation of $3,015,100 for 2010.
Indeed, in relation to the international civil service, the Charter principles of independence (Article 100) and of the "highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity" (Article 101) should be the overriding values to which all efforts at advancing a modern international civil service, responsive to the changing demands and requirements of the new century, should be geared.
Letter dated 30 August 1999 from the Permanent Representative
 Recalling also the requests it addressed to the Secretary-General in the statement by the President of the Security Council of 30 April 1994 and in resolution 918 (1994), concerning the investigation of serious violations of international humanitarian law committed in Rwanda during the conflict,
Both proposals received broad support and the Committee adopted the substance of paragraph 4 with the modifications contained in paragraphs 105 and 106 above.
Result of tests as described in step 1 (e. g. Naming defective parts and defect or indication of full functionality) including date of the functionality test;
(43) First, the text of the reservation itself may well contain elements that provide information about its author's intention in the event that the reservation is invalid.
The real question in the scenario was what would be the response to such high prices.
The Strokes
Sixteen 7.62-calibre automatic-rifle casings were found near the bodies.
Advocate for the High Court of Zambia.
She was readmitted to hospital approximately one week later in relation to her nose injury.
Geneva, 9 - 13 October 2006
Ms. Antoanella-Iulia MOTOC *Ms. Victoria SANDRU-POPESCU
Proposed the ads in English-Chinese Translation should not rigidly adhere to the faithful and should serve the product sales.
The programme, as it stands, is politically, economically and morally hard to justify.
Ive never thought of it that way.
20. Decides also that the increase of 179,600 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2004 shall be added to the credits from the amount of 1,104,100 dollars referred to in paragraphs 18 and 19 above;
3. Among the goals of the Committee for Equal Opportunities was the establishment of a database with detailed information on women in the economic, social, political and legal fields.
This assistance plan consists of psychosocial and medical care, including helping the victim to enrol in language classes or vocational training courses and to actively seek employment, administrative assistance and legal aid.
History of Bihar
In case they saw any real danger, they retreated.
She'd say a few words like, "It was the bus station I meant" and he'd kiss her speechless and tell her the many things he had done to find her.
" I believe what they say.
If you doubt to catch, his cards in the upper portion of the arm, hand has no card.
Election to fill a vacancy in the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
In some parts, I am known as the Poet.
4. Housing
Contents
Use powerful, active language to concisely tell the reader the "story" behind your most recent or relevant positions
87. The Special Committee considered the questions of the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism and the Caribbean regional seminar on midterm review, follow-up and priorities for action of the Decade, held at Canouan, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, from 17 to 19 May 2005, at its 1st, 2nd and 10th meetings, on 17 February, 11 March and 20 June 2005.
The project also includes a multi - deck car park building, covered with plants.
The purpose behind the recommendations contained in that document was inter alia to enhance the status of the Commissions as policy-formulating organs and to strengthen the substantive linkages between expert meetings and Commissions.
412. The Committee recommends that the State party review its legislation and administrative measures to ensure that article 3 of the Convention is duly reflected therein and that this general principle is taken into account when judicial, administrative, policy, or other decisions are made.
The deadline for applications is Friday, 24 October 2014.
Community policing theory and practice
They also suggested that they would contact IFAD if such an activity would be planned.
when i got home from work every day, i used to unwind by wasting TV.
UNIFEM
The causes of its ills and of its weaknesses are well documented.
“The value of pending arbitration claims against peacekeeping operations be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations accounting standards, since those claims constitute contingent liabilities (para. 11 (a) (iii))”. A/52/879
An Africa-wide workshop was held in Entebbe, Uganda, in August 2008.
 To date, cases in which expenditures have been recorded in excess of allotments have been brought to the attention of the Executive Officer(s)/Administrative Officer(s) concerned for corrective action.
In August 2003, SCAG considered that a nationally consistent approach to the authorisation procedures required for the lawful sterilisation of minors was appropriate.
The establishment and operation of Private Universities, either of a profit or nonprofit character, is stipulated by the provisions of the Private Universities (Establishment, Operation and Control) Law, 2005 (L. 109(I)/2005).
What type of visa have you got?
Despite such initiatives, Haiti continues to suffer from high petrol prices and electricity shortages.
B: You could do either of the two things: you could lodge a claim on the ship owner or on the insurance company.
MCP
The embassy is now further stepping up its security measures according to ministry instructions.
In the United States, fruit is sold by the pound
(c) Consult indigenous communities before granting licences for the economic exploitation of disputed lands, and guarantee that in no case will exploitation violate the rights recognized in the Covenant.
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution entitled "Extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions" (under agenda item 68 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Finland)
1985-1990: Delegate to the Fifth Committee.
Without sustained employment and income growth, all measured Millennium Development Goal progress will prove to be short lived.
The good Abbot of Holywood is a strong pillar to the weak.
This includes the arrest of women's rights activist and blogger, Parastou Dokouhaki, on 15 January 2012; and the arrest of the journalists Marzieh Rasouli, on 17 January on charges of "acting against national security"; Sahamoddin Bourghani, on 18 January; and Saeed Madadi, on 7 January.
Honesty is a great advantage.
At that time, it was projected that the then existing cell capacity of 68 cells would not be sufficient to accommodate the estimated detainee population for the biennium 2006-2007.
E-mail accounts
Sixth report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1956 (2010)
 Africa's commitment to the New Agenda is reflected in the reform measures instituted in the effective economic management of exchange rates, public enterprises, population planning and the agricultural sector.
Besides, the streets were often terribly slippery and it made walking rather unpleasant.
New Year's Eve Countdown Carnival 2008
8. The globalization of the media is providing all peoples with increasing exposure to problems and successes in other parts of the world.
11. Experience with past El Niño events shows the importance of dealing with the phenomenon through appropriate development process.
78.9. Persist in its efforts aimed at the prevention, punishment and eradication of all forms of violence against women as well as its efforts to guarantee equality and ensure equal recognition in the law of civil, political, economic and social rights between men and women (Argentina);
It is ahistorical especially to the extent that it underestimates the gradual and cumulative ways in which national initiatives, especially in developing countries, created the conditions in which pioneering national programmes could emerge.
You know that I am as capable of managing a ship as the most experienced captain in the service; and it will be so far advantageous to you to accept my services, that upon Edmond's release from prison no further change will be requisite on board the Pharaon than for Dants and myself each to resume our respective posts.
Words and Phrases to transport by sea to transport by railway transportation by sea and mail to arrange transport to have some difficulties in
The officer instructed the soldier where to retreat.
Languages spoken
:: Support organizations involved in the promotion of peace education of girls and young women
unnumbered women have done well , but you are better than all of them
Randomized controlled trial is called golden design of clinical trial, but it has a strict condition and a low compliance.
28. After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the observer for Algeria (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China) (see E/2012/SR.49).
(UNA021-09047) Administration -- Brasilia National Office
Much of Europe is already aware of this, of course.
The restructuring also entailed the establishment of regional and subregional offices to provide integrated programmatic and technical support to country offices.
Conventional arms control measures have to be developed and agreed on a voluntary basis and have to be in respect with the purposes of the Charter of the United Nations and international humanitarian law.
Tuesday's volume was 11.5 billion shares, some 1.3 times the activity handled in the same session a year ago.
Photoelectric inspecting, servo driving, pneumatic component and bearing cutter, etc adopt good quality product.
It asked what measures Colombia intends to take to resolve the issue.
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: meetings of the Subcommittee of Experts (20);
4. No compensation in respect of delay is payable unless notice of loss due to delay was given to the carrier within twenty-one consecutive days of delivery of the goods.
But God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast provided?
No data were available for the Outer Islands, however, although improvements in reproductive health in those remote areas had been noted since the establishment of clinics there.
On 17 April 1996, after the High Court dismissed the application for special leave to appeal, counsel initiated a telephone conversation with Mr. Y through an interpreter, of which he attaches the transcript.
My brother graduated form high school. Graduation was last week.
Trinidad and Tobago reported that its criminal law provided for both the punishment and the rehabilitation of offenders in order to prevent recidivism.
The situation in Somalia (17 March 1992; 20 March 2008)
I shouldn't have gotten into that fight. I killed two men.
Also, on 16 February, Massoud Barzani, President of the Kurdistan Regional Government, appointed Kosrat Rasul (PUK) as Vice-President, a post that had been unoccupied for the last two years.
It has a population of about 7,500,000, mostly rural and agricultural.
18. Industrialization of the least developed countries.
Human rights for all cannot be advanced without consideration of individual needs and interests from a disability or functional perspective.
Son: Don't worry, Dad.
I asked them how much the industrial energy consumption counted in the national total. They gave me two conflicting answers.
At least two thirds of the members of the Executive Board, representing a majority of members from Parties included in Annex I and a majority of members from Parties not included in Annex I, must be present to constitute a quorum.
4. The entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) remained a top priority for her Government, which was striving to educate its public on the security benefits of that treaty, as well as on the dangerous health effects of nuclear testing.
Regulation 32
He feels lack of interest in sex.
It also indicates persistent stereotypes in the roles of women and men in the media.
 The European countries have agreed upon 6 criteria, 20 quantitative indicators, and a number of descriptive indicators for sustainable forest management.
The draft resolution also calls on all States in the region, pending the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East, not to develop, produce, test or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons or permit the stationing on their territories, or territories under their control, of nuclear weapons or nuclear explosive devices.
Reached decision point but not completion point
To attain knowledge, add things everyday.
Notwithstanding serious Taliban threats, nearly 7 million Afghans, 58 per cent of eligible voters, took part in the election.
But it is not expected to have a long-term impact on the $24 billion U.K. tobacco industry.
Comparison of Chineseand English Conjunctions'Positions in Sentences
C. Concerns and recommendations
I am disappointed, however, that no solutions have so far materialized for the Bhutanese refugees in Nepal, and would like to reiterate the offer of my Office to assist the Governments concerned in this respect.
AGRICULTURE
1929 in sports
What the fuck did you do that How many punches did The Repairman throw before he was counting sheep?
(i) Air operations;
She is a professor at the University of Paris II and XII (France) and the University of Genoa (Italy) and an honorary professor at the University of San Marcos and San Martín de Porres (Peru).
Acetone is used as solvent to avoid crystallization of the sample.
Transport phenomena
17 February 1998
His performance showed enormous class.
However, it must be recognized that for a few months now this apocalyptic picture has been yielding to hope, as many countries of the subregion have experienced the beginnings of peace that we hope will be lasting.
This thesis proposes a vehicle detection proposal based on the extraction of shadow with a combination of vehicles' texture and symmetry of gray-scale.
Food oil isnt selling well, so my company accepted time L/C payment
Demonstrations by unemployed young people in southern Algeria, the center of the oil industry, drew a direct link between high unemployment and the military’s control of the country’s natural resources.
A call for greater discussion and analysis was echoed by other speakers who stated that a decision on the matter would be difficult before the report of the High-Level Panel on System-wide Coherence had been presented and discussed by the Assembly.
2. Urges Member States to support current international, regional and national efforts to combat and prevent the illicit transfer of man-portable air defence systems and unauthorized access to and use of such weapons;
However, this room still requires the weighing, photography and computer equipment necessary for Kimberley compliancy.
UNFPA has intensified its advocacy efforts linking population and poverty.
The survey of 1,200 drivers between the ages of 18 and 60 found that while 83 percent believe they are safe drivers, 38 percent admitted they have driven a certain distance without any recollection of doing so.
:: Organization of weekly meetings with the United Nations country team and non-governmental organizations on the coordination of humanitarian assistance
Straits of Europe
Someone I knew a long time ago.
16. In connection with the activities of the Department for General Assembly and Conference Management, the Advisory Committee once again urged an increase in the number of competitive examinations, as the Department was expected to lose 45 per cent of its language staff through retirement in the following five years.
In this regard, the Group recommended that the supervisory intergovernmental body should be located in the same city as OHCHR so as to enhance their mutual interaction and effectiveness.
How do I battle these accusations?
The trafficking of children in Benin is attributed to the permeable nature of the borders, poverty and ignorance on the part of parents and the Government; UNICEF and NGOs are organizing national awareness-raising campaigns.
At the informal consultations of the whole held on 3 March 1999, the members of the Council received a briefing by the Secretariat on the staffing requirements and financial implications of the proposed United Nations peace-building office in Guinea-Bissau.
These obligations relate to all laws and regulations adopted by the coastal State relating to innocent passage through the territorial sea (article 21 (3)) and all laws and regulations adopted by States bordering straits relating to transit passage through straits used for international navigation (article 42 (3)).
Battle of Leuthen
United Nations and other entities are encouraged to provide technical assistance in order to support States parties, at their request, in the implementation of their reporting obligations under the Convention.
In my view, there are a number of areas which require priority attention, namely timely reporting to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, an increase in the number of declarations under article 14 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, improved follow-up to the concluding observations of the Committee, the issuance of standing invitations to all special procedures, especially the Special Rapporteur on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, improved follow-up to the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur, an increased number of responses to requests for information by OHCHR, within the mandates defined by States themselves and, last but not least, the development of national action plans against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance as mandated by the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action.
The funds argue that they will base their decisions on commercial factors and work in the best interest of their investors.
D. Organization of work 10 - 11 6
She had read Pen's letter, and it had relieved her somehow.
Transparency in nuclear weapons is necessary for the establishment of an international environment of peace, stability and confidence and should be taken into consideration in negotiations on nuclear disarmament.
 26. Provision is made for $55,800 under assistance for disarmament and demobilization (part 15).
(1) The Human Rights Committee considered the second periodic report of Armenia (CCPR/C/ARM/2) at its 2903rd and 2904th meetings (CCPR/C/SR.2903 and 2904), held on 16 and 17 July 2012.
2. Africa
The Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations visited UNSMIS from 18 to 22 May 2012 to evaluate progress.
Accredited stakeholders may participate in all public meetings of the Assembly and its subsidiary organs, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.
You'll need to specify IP configuration and optionally DNS and Gateway settings.
"13. Also requests the secretariat of the Commission to coordinate the participation of the relevant major groups in the discussions at the fifteenth session of the Commission, including the Intergovernmental Preparatory Meeting;
Such plans should be prepared in accordance with the ICT strategy for the Secretariat as a whole.
274. The Special Rapporteur welcomes this judicial decision as it reflects a more sensitive approach on the part of the judiciary towards issues related to domestic violence against women.
He was thinking in particular of the linkage between national courts and the Court and between the action of the Security Council and that of the Court.
(d) Public information activities that contribute to non-tolerance of corruption, as well as programmes of public education, including school and university curricula.
A certificate presentation ceremony was also held at the meeting to recognise the successful inclusion of Linux solutions from 15 Hong Kong companies in the Guangdong Linux Software and Hardware Recommended Procurement List.
3. The report of the Secretary-General on international cooperation and coordination for the human and ecological rehabilitation and economic development of the Semipalatinsk region of Kazakhstan (A/53/424) led to the adoption by the General Assembly of its resolution 53/1 H of 16 November 1998.
The quicksilvery glaze on the rivers and pools vanished.
quot; Shmily&amp;quot; was written in the dust upon the mantel and traced in the ashes of the fireplace.
The  is ignited a few months before the Games begin. It is then relayed around the world by athletes and celebrities all the way to the Olympic venue where it ignites a cauldron that burns for the duration of the Games.
United Nations * New York, 2013
In 2002, joint counter-terrorist exercises were held by SCO.
12. Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries [D.102].
14. Moreover, if disciplinary action is pursued, the staff member may be placed on suspension without pay pending investigation and disciplinary action under chapter X of the Staff Rules.
CEDAW recommended that Ethiopia adopt temporary special measures, such as gender quotas; allocate greater funds for women candidates, including opposition candidates, in the public funding of election campaigns; and take affirmative action to increase the percentage of female judges, civil servants and diplomats.
Industrial Brand Development and Industrial Structure Adjustment & Lessons from some countries' application of brand strategy to promote their industrial structure
20. Stresses the importance of other positive measures and initiatives aimed at bringing communities together and providing them with space for genuine dialogue, such as round tables, working groups and seminars, including training seminars for State agents and media professionals, as well as awareness-raising activities, especially those initiated by civil society representatives, which require continued State support;
Athenian policy mistakes made the Spartans think that war might be worth the risk.
1. Crime programme (major projected changes in 2006-2007)
7. While welcoming the active involvement of the Office of the Ombudsperson on Human Rights (Procuraduría Nacional de Derechos Humanos) and the Office of the Special Ombudsperson for the Protection of Children and Adolescents (Procuraduría Especial de la Niñez y la Adolescencia) in the promotion, protection and investigation of violations of children's rights, the Committee is concerned at the inadequacy of human, technical and financial resources available for this important work.
I would also like to thank the United Nations staff for their commitment and dedication to enacting these same values and principles on a daily basis despite the risks they face.
2000 establishments in Southeast Asia
The framework, endorsed by the Human Rights Council, comprised three fundamental principles, all of equal weight and importance: the State's duty to protect against human rights abuses by third parties, including business; the responsibility of companies to respect human rights; and the need to create more effective remedies to address corporaterelated human rights disputes.
87. The Committee calls upon the State party to undertake research on the economic consequences of divorce for both spouses, with specific attention to the existence of enhanced human capital and earning potential of male spouses on the basis of their full-time and uninterrupted career patterns.
These operations also damaged civilian properties and in some areas displaced civilians on a large scale.
 The realization of the Summit's aspirations and the sustainable implementation of its goals will depend on the involvement and efforts of people everywhere, working within their communities.
You're not gonna be able to jump right back in where you left off.
It continued to provide the United Nations with thousands of soldiers and policemen, including for the most difficult operations, as well as a large proportion of operating air assets.
An assessment and feasibility study of the document reproduction and printing facilities is planned for 2009.
Truck, cargo
Along with the Chinese companies targeted in the complaints, the Chinese government has strongly protested, in private meetings and in filings before the Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission, an independent agency.
According to KHR, there is proof that at least 28 CIA flights have landed in Morocco since September 2001.
III. PROTECTION OF CIVILIANS
They did not find anyone in any of the houses.
21. The contingent-owned equipment for the Sierra Leonean contingent was shipped from Freetown on 8 September 2012 and arrived in Mombasa on 2 October 2012.
It strongly deplores the continued actions of Azerbaijan to destabilize the situation across the line of contact and the borders, as a result of which numerous lives have been claimed, including those of civilians.
The response to these interestsis evident in the writings of Pacioli, Tartaglia , and others.
Type 99
The task confronting us is so great that we need passion, we need advocacy and we need mobilization of efforts.
Noting with concern the continued threat posed to international peace and security by Al-Qaida, Usama bin Laden and the Taliban, and other individuals, groups, undertakings and entities associated with them, and reaffirming its resolve to address all aspects of that threat,
16. Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to propose, where appropriate, provisions related to mine action in his recommendations to the Security Council for peacekeeping operations;
In 2007, students were admitted to various higher education institutions in the Russian Federation: the I.M. Gubkin State Oil and Gas University in Moscow, the Ufa State Oil Technical University, the Tomsk Polytechnical University, the Tyumen Oil and Gas University and the Almetyev Oil Institute.
Taken with regular resources, this brings a combined increase of approximately 12.2 per cent.
As noted in paragraph above, the Panel finds that the effect of the trade embargo imposed against Iraq was such that a guarantee in favour of an Iraqi party could not legally have been honoured after 6 August 1990.
11. On 10 June 1999, the Government presented the minimum reclamation option to the Panel on Planning, Lands and Works and the scheme was generally accepted. On 16 July 1999, the proposed amendments to the draft OZP were gazetted under TPO.
She won't take her husband back now, even if he begs her.
This concerns both the Global Service Centre at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy -- the enabling arm of the Department of Field Support to support field missions -- and the Regional Service Centre at Entebbe, Uganda -- a shared service facility aimed at providing administration and support functions to geographically grouped field missions.
Japan believes that progress in the establishment of a weapons-of-mass-destruction-free zone in the Middle East will further strengthen the credibility of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT).
This is likely to persist for several more years, though the burden will diminish steadily.
1. Promote, in consultation with partners, environmental policy dialogue at the ministerial level and support the environmental policy work of (sub)regional forums.
Free consent to marriage
The Office has initiated cooperation and exchange of information on this question with key partners, including the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Council of Europe, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and other regional and sub-regional organizations, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, other international and non-governmental organizations, and national human rights institutions.
How do I do thatLISA: I will give you a form to fill out.Membership is 15 dollars a year
Treaty body commentaries from the past decade show a trend towards increasing pressure on States to fulfil this duty in relation to corporate activities, regardless of whether the entities in question are privately or publicly-owned or controlled.
We cannot keep silent regarding our stolen property and we will do everything possible to recover those treasures.
It was precisely in order to remove all possible doubts in this respect that the Working Group asked that the law clearly state that this measure is not applicable to persons exercising their fundamental freedoms protected under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The revised concept of operations is also premised on the availability of a number of capabilities, including air and maritime capabilities and other force enablers, especially combat engineering capabilities, medical equipment and self-sustenance, as well as enhanced information-gathering capabilities.
"You mid last ten years; you mid go off in ten months, or ten days.
Several representatives said that the experience gleaned from having a joint services group on an interim basis would be useful and suggested waiting to see the results of that before considering further steps regarding joint management.
Therefore, neither the court decisions nor the presidential decree No. 698 of 3 June 1999 violate domestic legislation, international legal norms in the sphere of human rights and freedoms or the author's rights and interests.
It is our hope that the Register will function smoothly and effectively and that its universal scope will be continuously enhanced in line with the purpose for which it was originally established.
That alignment, known as anisotropy, makes it easier for waves to travel in one direction than the other.
"Expressing concern at the increasing percentage of the national budget allocated to debt servicing,
2-9 September 2013
In an information document prepared for the first session of the plenary meeting, the secretariat has already briefly reviewed previous discussion on this issue, considered ongoing activities in this area, and identified some of the remaining gaps and needs.
Mr. Bernard Jamet, Resource person, France
The Council looks forward to the annual report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa, making recommendations on how best to address the root causes of conflicts in Africa within the United Nations system and in cooperation with regional and subregional organizations and other actors.
31. Acknowledge also the importance of promoting, in order to enhance the effectiveness of drug control measures, an integrated approach in drug policies, including addressing comprehensively the impact and consequences of such measures and strengthening their coordination and the assessment of their implementation;
If I had eyes, how happily would I embark upon so fascinating a study!
The rule that the flag State, as the State of nationality of a ship, had the right to seek redress on behalf of the crew was well founded in State practice, case law and doctrine and had been supported by the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea in the Saiga case.
As to the community-wide information infrastructure that supports an e-government, Hong Kong has already had one of the best telecommunications infrastructure in the world.
How long has the present director been at the helm?
 In Gracac and Korenica, local police officials expressed concern that some police officers had been withdrawn from their districts and sent to the coast for the tourist season.
We will be dynamic in our work, pro-active in our methods, and interesting in our outputs.
To benefit directly from social security programmes;
VI
She gained national attention for her aggressive reform efforts when she led the troubled school system in the nation's capital.
Responding after the fact doesn't work.
Melinda: So we should work together and review the English that we have learned this week?
The clowns are the hostages.
The business sector representative stressed the capabilities that the business sector could contribute to government policy design and implementation in addressing systemic issues and their strong willingness to do so.
5. Since 2008, the Executive Directorate has prepared, and the Committee has adopted, preliminary implementation assessments for all United Nations Member States and has helped the Committee to conduct a first review, or stocktaking, of more than half of those States.
165. The budget includes additional requirements for maintenance services and utilities for the additional buildings and open areas which were provided by the Government of Italy through the second addendum to the memorandum of understanding.
It will takes a long time to cultivate a kind of life. But if there is a living environment with good temperament, the grace will arrive in a minute.
- Joint airline negotiations
(a) The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in discharging her functions in relation to the promotion, realization and protection of the right to development, to pay due attention and give urgent consideration to the present resolution;
To agree, depending on the decision taken under (b) above:
According to HRW, health workers often violate the privacy of people living with HIV/AIDS by disclosing confidential information about their HIV status.
Draft report
In the meantime, the person of frequent seminal emission also should be careful this kind sleeps appearance accentuation illness.
Obligations not subject to countermeasures and prohibited countermeasures (articles 47 bis and 50)
Programmable circular call to all system.
(7) Subparagraph (c) acknowledges that it would not be inappropriate for a State to make reasonable deductions from the compensation transferred to injured persons.
Conspiracy theorists point out two problems with this claim: Normal film will freeze and shatter if it gets colder than minus 20 degrees Celsius; it gets much colder than that on the moon.
China welcomes these developments.
As a result, by the middle of the twentieth century, the extreme social and economic inequality that had characterized industrialized countries seemed to be disappearing.
24. With support from the Government of Japan, the twentieth United Nations Conference on Disarmament Issues took place in Saitama City, Japan, from 27 to 29 August 2008.
This year, Germany is spending 126 million, or $196.5 million, on sports, a 25% increase from the previous year.
From the data alone, we saw three giants of the collective angry, but we can also imagine their helplessness, they are not God, they will feel very tired.
"When they sin against You (for there is no man who does not sin) and You are angry with them and deliver them to an enemy, so that they take them away captive to the land of the enemy, far off or near;
Four meetings per year
The inhabitants of the Marshall Islands and groups of people elsewhere in the world had suffered from those effects and would continue to do so.
Mahabharata
Replace the existing text of indicator of achievement (b) with: "Number of policies, strategies and initiatives developed by governments and other stakeholders reasonably attributable to ESCAP interventions in the areas of environment, energy, water, and urban policies and strategies for inclusive and sustainable development".
The position is unchanged.
The court, however, also noted that its decision was without prejudice to the right of natural persons to claim the violation of their fundamental rights as a result of decisions made by State or local administrative organs.
After China won its bid in 2001, interest slowly grew.
AFRICAN GROUP OF THE THIRD COMMITTEE
The law signed on Thursday gives the Federal Security Service, the successor of the Soviet era KGB, authority to detain or issue warnings to people it believes are about to commit a crime.
The information included herein has been systematically referenced in endnotes and, to the extent possible, the original texts have not been altered.
The number of visitors must not exceed the number as stated in the confirmation letter, otherwise admission fee will be charged.
(b) Improve follow-up treatment for HIV/AIDS-infected mothers and their infants to ensure early diagnosis and early initiation of treatment:
4.2 The State party considers letter (c) of its reservation to the Optional Protocol to be applicable to the present communication.
I have thought a number of times that I would try to talk to you about it, but you frighten me when you get serious, and I dont seem to be able to say what I want to.
Project planning and development functions including Customs Headquarters Tower Project
ROGER FEDERER: Yeah, I mean, obviously it's hard to attack on his shots because it's so flat and deep. So obviously that's not a shot where you can approach on.
Some 68 per cent of interviewed farmers obtained the required medication and services at State clinics, while 15 per cent had to resort to the private market.
Some People Think That The Ring Is A Circle Of Trust.
Now they are crossing together the happy day, and the curse does strives for success.
Minimisation of the risk of infection resulting from work related exposure to HIV;
Oceans and the law of the sea
If circumstances do not allow for prior approval or if refusal of an unanticipated honour, decoration, favour or gift, including a minor gift of essentially nominal value, would cause embarrassment to the Organization, staff members may receive it on behalf of the Organization provided that it is reported and entrusted to the Secretary-General through established procedures.
and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?
Also, three Learning Afternoon Projects were launched; almost 50 per cent of all country offices took advantage of this initiative.
Love it a gamble. am after all not afford.
19. Please provide information on the current legislative provisions with regard to equality between women and men in the acquisition, change and retention of nationality and the acquisition of nationality by children at birth, and whether they are in line with the provisions of the Convention.
Far from the African continent, Guinea-Bissau continues to pay special attention to the issue of East Timor.
The stain will have to be sanded out.
Feedback from participants at meetings was obtained through evaluation questionnaires to assess client satisfaction and to identify improvements.
(b) Election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council;
The Irish Human Rights Commission is also invited to consult on the reports, and its successor body will also be invited to do so upon its establishment.
In addition to assessing and processing proposals, which total approximately 500 per year, the Central Emergency Response Fund secretariat has a wide-range of tasks, which include training and coaching on the application process, public information functions, inter-agency coordination, support to the Advisory Group, Member State briefings and reporting, budget administration, database and website management, and policy/guidance development.
8. Enhanced cooperation and policy and programme coordination, including the provision of further guidance to the Collaborative Partnership on Forests.
Hungary
 The signing of the Agreement known as Esquipulas II by the Presidents of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua on 7 August 1987 paved the way for direct participation in the peace process, thereby inaugurating the process of democratization and dialogue in those countries.
Mike Chioda
In the light of the content of its submission of 24 May 2011, the State party was requested to provide updated information on 2 July 2012.
We believe that the right of each country to choose its own social system and the path of development should be respected. Differences between States should be resolved through dialogue and cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual respect.
First, the good.
Shell height was power function to live body weight and tissue weight.
31. While the use of live ammunition to disperse demonstrations was limited for most of the reporting period, IDF made widespread use of it in response to demonstrations against Israeli military operations in Gaza during the crisis of 14 to 21 November 2012, including in Nabi Saleh, Hebron, Huwwara checkpoint, Ofer, Tuqu' and Bethlehem.
The Committee appreciates that the State party has achieved most of the goals of the World Summit for Children, including reductions in infant and under-5 mortality, an annual immunization rate of almost 98 per cent, high primary and secondary school enrolment, and near parity in school enrolment between girls and boys.
A detailed precept about processing and assembling for the mold of solids of revolution or plates of the kind is given.
The State Governments procure, store and distribute foodgrains under TPDS and other welfare schemes.
The Commissioner for Human Rights of the Council of Europe recommended that the authorities of Liechtenstein take steps to ensure that the practice of requiring financial and material guarantees as part of the procedure for granting the right to family reunification does not lead to the discrimination of women wishing to exercise this right.
At the same time, Mr. Bush is looking to keep relations on a strong footing with China, whose rapidly growing economy has made it an important trading partner of the U.S. and one of the biggest foreign holders of U.S. government debt.
Coming of age in a time of interracial marriages, many eschew the old notions of race;
Representatives attended a full-day meeting on the rights of the child held in Geneva on 9 March 2011 as part of the sixteenth session of Human Rights Council.
The effectiveness of the performance of the institutional entities entrusted to operate the financial mechanism
UNEP has been cooperating over the past year with industry, relevant United Nations agencies and stakeholders in further developing international, voluntary initiatives in various industry sectors.
"(j) Adopting all appropriate measures, especially in the field of education, from the entry levels of the education system, to modify the social and cultural patterns of conduct of men and women of all ages, in order to promote the development of respectful relations and to eliminate prejudices, customary practices and all other practices based on the idea of the inferiority or superiority of either of the sexes and on stereotyped roles for men and women, and by raising awareness on the unacceptability of violence against women and girls at all levels, including through schools, teachers, parents, youth organizations and teaching materials sensitized on gender equality and human rights;
C. Office of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General (Resident Coordinator/Humanitarian Coordinator) (Pillar II)
It was icy cold - enough to turn you blue in the face.
As a strong advocate of nuclear disarmament, Myanmar has been tabling a draft resolution on nuclear disarmament every year since 1995, one which enjoys wide support from Member States.
Informal informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.7, entitled "Excessive international financial market speculation and extreme price volatility of food and related commodity markets" (under agenda sub-item 17 (b)) (convened by the delegation of Morocco)
You won't believe where Salvadoran prison officials found these cell phones.
Efforts are being made to improve access to clean water and sanitation, and ORT sachets are being stockpiled.
Internship programme
Recognizing that the promotion and protection of human rights should be based on the principle of cooperation and genuine dialogue and aimed at strengthening the capacity of Member States to comply with their human rights obligations for the benefit of all human beings,
21 August 1986(a)
What about DiTan Temple Fair?
Huaibei
In his statement to the Third Committee, he addressed, as a follow-up to previous interim reports submitted on the issue of the prohibition of torture in the context of antiterrorism measures, attempts to circumvent the absolute and non-derogable nature of the prohibition.
Due to the strengthening dollar, all US cities became more expensive.
As a result, 12 factories were prosecuted and 215 factories were suspended from further using the licensing facilities.
because it requires the double coincidence of wants.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to her predecessor, Mr. Jan Eliasson, for his admirable and tireless efforts in the reform process of the United Nations and moving it forward.
鈥淐hina is part of the WTO trade dispute resolution process and China has a seat at the table.鈥?Corning has now invested heavily in China.
The situation in Liberia
[All are invited to attend.
Milk has not only abundant nutrition but also specifically functional peptides.
36. Dimitur Velev, a Rom from Krupnik, Simitli municipality, detained at Simitli police station on 16 December 1995, was allegedly punched, beaten with truncheons and kicked all over the body by officers.
G. Contribution to capacity building, transfer of environmentally sound
88. The clerks and other court officials should be under the direct control of the relevant courts rather than under the control of the Ministry of Justice.
It recommended that Niger, in its policies and programmes, clearly distinguish between general social and economic policies and programmes that are adopted to implement the Convention, and temporary special measures which are aimed at accelerating the achievement of the de facto equality of women.
Discussions also highlighted the prime place of partnerships, including those with Governments, United Nations partners in "Delivering as one", international financial and multilateral institutions and civil society, with special recognition of the work of National Committees for UNICEF.
[7]/ Report of the World Conference on Human Rights, Vienna, 14-25 June 1933 (A/CONF.157/24 (Part I)), chap.
Public revenges are for the most part fortunateas that for the death of Caesarfor the death of Pertinaxfor the death of Henry the Third of Franceand many more
As IAEA has pointed out, however, verification of large enrichment and processing facilities is relatively much more expensive than providing safeguards for smallscale civilian nuclear facilities.
4.11 Concerning the possibility of appealing the decision, the Covenant does not imply a right for the author or his counsel to appeal the decisions of administrative authorities to a higher administrative body.
political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development
In this regard, participation is a vital aspect of meeting human rights obligations related to sanitation, as referred to above.
3. Welcomes the contributions by States signatories to the work of the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, in particular to its efforts to ensure that the Treaty’s verification regime will be capable of meeting the verification requirements of the Treaty at entry into force, in accordance with article IV of the Treaty;
Although the so-called "domestic tasks" constitute one of the frequent form of child labour, it has been difficult to reliably quantify such activities because of a lack of updated records and because often, under various pretexts and on various grounds, the relevant data are withheld or misreported.
F. Opportunities to engage in, encourage and support domestic law reform
The Chairman reminded delegations that the deadline for the submission of draft resolutions under decolonization items was set for 4 p.m., on Thursday, 6 October.
The government was criticised for encouraging the bid in 2000 and supporting the company financially in 2005, during abortive takeover talks with Shanghai Automotive, the Chinese bidder.
Decision on the Draft Statutes on the Establishment of the African Investment Bank
  The mild criticisms of Singapore by Guangzhou mayor Lin Shusen some months ago are still fresh in my mind.
Hohnstein
Certain freedoms or privileges that are held to be an innate part of the nature of being a human being and that cannot be denied by society.
Ms. Linda Elswick
Not Alone
UNICEF
(n) Promoting preventive measures at an early stage with families and children exposed to or at risk of violence, such as parenting education programmes, to reduce the risk of possible perpetration of violence or revictimization in later childhood and adulthood;
4. In its resolution 67/219, the General Assembly also decided that the High-level Dialogue would consist of four plenary meetings and four interactive multi-stakeholder round tables and decided on the organization and themes for the four round tables.
Its comments and recommendations on the proposed staffing for special political missions in the paragraphs below concentrate, as appropriate, on international positions.
The man then abandoned her, refused to accept paternity or provide any form of support or maintenance for the child.
1 March 1999
IV. Security sector reform and disarmament, demobilization and reintegration
am/events/press/eng/?id=72) are self-explanatory and illustrative as to how the leadership of this country is far from perceiving the generally accepted norms and principles of civilized behaviour, which are indispensable for the peaceful and prosperous future of our peoples.
In the Department of Caldas members of the National Police were accused of "social cleansing" killings in the municipalities of Salamina, Neira and Aranzazu.
[Original: Russian]
7. Additional requirements were due mainly to high turnover of international staff assigned to Brindisi, resulting in increased costs associated with assignment and repatriation.
Economy of Bhutan
Association football team navigational boxes by country
(c) Accountability framework.
Lola looked at her with big, merry eyes.
In the countryside where the majority of Chinese people live, there are 47,749 hospitals at the township level; health centers or clinics have been set up in 86.2 percent of all villages; the number of hospital beds has reached 1.502 million; and there are 1.232 million medical personnel and professional health workers.
(h) To cooperate fully with the International Tribunal for Rwanda in ensuring that all responsible for the genocide, crimes against humanity and violations of article 3 common to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 and Additional Protocol II thereto are brought to justice in accordance with international principles of due process;
It supported IAEA, whose role was to monitor full implementation of NPT and the safeguards regime, promote the peaceful uses of nuclear energy and strengthen the technological and physical security of radioactive sources.
The inconvenience peeves two-thirds of travellers, according to Which? , a British consumer group.
We have to deal with it in anxiety, logically, as one might say, before the moment that we have to deal with it in desire.
In addition, a Territory-wide customary senate with a rotating presidency comprises 16 members, 2 selected by each customary council.
UN 2977 RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL, URANIUM HEXAFLUORIDE, FISSILE
In so doing, he not only challenged the validity of the judgement of the Nuremberg Tribunal, but also unlawfully attacked the reputation and the memory of the victims of Nazism.
If your age girdle early be darted, you at the right moment can buy to fashionable of, construct the sexy picture of dissimilarity.
Small Wonder
Some ideas include writing about: a person you admire;
The night opens the flowers in secret and allows the day to get thanks.
This lovely doll comes with a light - up necklace for the girl.
The concept of gender mainstreaming and tactics to achieve it must be clarified.
Therefore, Venezuela rejects the proposal to refer the case to the Security Council, given that there is no objective reason to justify such an action.
64. In the face of diverse country situations, the Bank’s assistance strategy has reflected countries’ unique needs and their progress in meeting the challenges of transition.
The present report, submitted pursuant to Human Rights Council resolutions 18/19 and 19/29, provides an updated assessment of the overall situation of human rights in Yemen, made between January and June 2012.
Arsenic 50 mg/kg DM 5 mg/l
54. A number of NGOs and charities are funding reconstructive surgery on survivors of noma in Africa and are increasingly investing in the aftercare of patients in their home countries.
In this paper, the pasting theorem of the classical topology is generalized onto the topo
In this scene, Chinese and European diggers methodically search for gold using various devices and techniques.
In the observation group the patients received pre-designed clinical nursing pathway and in the control group the patients received traditional nursing.
Their vision is of different realms enfolded into a sacred space ... . It is fundamental to their identity, personality and humanity ... [the] notion of self does not end with their flesh, but continues with the reach of their senses into the land.” James sakej Henderson, “Mikmaw tenure in Atlantic Canada”, Dalhousie Law Journal, vol. 18, No. 2, 1995, p. 196.
The total recommended awards for Vietnam and Yemen in the sixth instalment should be revised accordingly.
A kind of high - voltage inverse DC power supply for electric deduster is introduced.
I believe the time has now come to move ahead.
We have pleasure in sending herewith a copy of our illustrated catalogue of the machines suitable for your business.I send you my revised catalogue and price-list, in the hope that you may find something to suit you.
2. Overall financial overview
The symptom of myopia (short-sightedness) is that distant objects appear blurred while near objects appear clear. More severe the myopia is, a distant object will appear more blurred and the closer you have to get near the object in order to see it clearly.
The iPhone 3G still has a couple of features that made the first version unpalatable to some potential buyers.
 "14. The comprehensive programme of disarmament should encompass the following measures as envisaged in the relevant paragraphs of the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session:
The enforcement of Administration Law is to make sure the administration subject use administration power exactly and correctly.
You may submit your application form together with originals and photocopies of the supporting documents to the nearest Chinese diplomatic and consular mission. The Chinese diplomatic and consular mission will verify the supporting documents and then forward the application form and verified copies of supporting documents to the HKSAR Immigration Department for processing.
It acts to help countries to prepare for, avoid and manage complex emergencies and disasters.
Please note that only scanned copies of notes verbales or form A/INF/64/2 will be accepted by e-mail.
21. The United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) project, under which electoral assistance has been provided, is now focused on consolidating the capacity of electoral institutions, maintaining their institutional memory and sustainability, and strengthening their independence.
My wife is really a bean counter.
While half of all Guatemalan children under the age of five are stunted, malnutrition is much higher amongst indigenous children, with 70 per cent stunted in their growth compared to 36 per cent of non-indigenous children.12
Westfália
The Strategy implements the principles set out in the Government's political programme, the Government's strategy and the related cross-sectoral policies as well as the European Employment Strategy of the EU.
Britain is behind Japan in developing modern technology.
1. Takes note of the report of the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers on the activities relating to his mandate (E/CN.4/2001/65 and Add.1-3);
Contents
2. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the meeting:
3. There have been accidents, and there may be others in the future, that in the general interest require investigation that will not be easy under the provisions of the current Act.
D. Land reform
Rule [B]
The results in the three joint 68 - 89 season, Manchester United crop failure.
These have long delayed the right to development in the ESCWA region, thereby hindering the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
15. Welcomes the continued development of the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police, recognizes the international support provided, calls for intensified Afghan and international efforts to modernize and strengthen both institutions and related Government departments, with particular attention to the Afghan National Police, expresses its appreciation for the assistance provided by international partners, acknowledges the continued deployment of the European Union Police Mission in Afghanistan, the support provided by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, in particular through the establishment of its training mission in Afghanistan, the planned European Gendarmerie Force contribution to that mission, as well as other bilateral training programmes, encourages further coordination where appropriate, and welcomes the focused district development and in-district reform programmes;
Location Map of West New Territories (WENT) Landfill
Human Rights/Coordination/Civil Affairs Officer (P-2) (8 positions) (para. 276)
Making that body more representative and balanced and its work more effective and transparent, especially with regard to decision-making, is vital to adapting the United Nations to the realities of the twenty-first century.
One of the key principles of risk management in the European Commission is to embed risk management into existing planning and decision-making processes.
4. Mr. Flinterman asked what the impact of privatization in education had been on women and girls from minority groups.
6. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled "Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons". 57th plenary meeting
United Nations regular budget contribution
Likewise, though there have been numerous attacks on nuclear reactors under construction, the sole threat to an operating plant in a combat zone outside of Israel occurred at the start of the fighting in ex-Yugoslavia, when Serbian nationalists considered attacking Slovenia’s Krško power plant and sent warplanes over the site.
Escapist tendencies will result in a poor reputation and a lack of confidence.
36. In all countries, UNDP will work through the resident coordinator system, emphasizing: (a) early joint planning and prioritization; (b) demand-driven rather than agency-driven assessments of needs and local capacities; (c) the importance of a clearly agreed division of labour through inter-agency collaboration; and (d) the need for more flexible financing systems for transitional programming.
4. The Central Bank establishes the order, terms and forms of providing the information by the reporting persons that are licensed by the Central Bank, as well as by those persons that are not licensed and supervised by the relevant authorized bodies.
As one of the experts indicated, international debate on this topic, for example at the current expert meeting, had already made an important contribution.
But Stuart Brody, a psychologist at the University of Paisley in Scotland, said it has to be full sexual intercourse to get the best results
A prolongation by the Security Council of the term of individual judges who were not re-elected would only relate to part-heard cases and not to other judicial activities, and hence lead to underutilization of available judicial resources.
I think it's time for the government to take some actions.
Note by the secretariat
Engaged local authorities in preparation of return projects and implementation of the Municipal Returns Strategies
We have a hundred thousand francs or thereabouts loaned on their securities, and we are a little uneasy at reports that have reached us that the firm is on the brink of ruin.
Hold a trade test certificate issued by the Construction Industry Council Training Academy (CICTA) or Construction Industry Training Authority (CITA) or Vocational Training Council (VTC), or other qualifications as specified by the Ordinance (e.g. other recognised registration, certificates or licenses, etc).
"13. Notes the provisions of operative paragraph 16 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/36 regarding the mandate of the Special Rapporteur;
His eyes were wide with amazement.
(d) Trade in APAAN for legitimate commercial purposes is limited to very small amounts for research and development.
Burkina Faso
(31 December 2005)
This approach did not succeed because the annotation was too complicated for humans who had no technical background.
The report mentioned a lack of political will to implement large-scale programmes as one of the reasons why victims did not receive reparations, and it seemed likely that in some cases political will would be fostered by disseminating more information on the far-reaching positive effects of well-designed reparations programmes and asked the Special Rapporteur to elaborate on that issue and, in particular, those positive effects.
Several United Nations entities, including UNESCO, ECLAC and IOM, developed video spots to raise awareness and combat violence against women, including trafficking.
38. The General Committee further draws the attention of the General Assembly to paragraph 6 of the annex to resolution 58/316 concerning documentation.
Social democrats govern in coalition governments with laissez-faire conservatives.
Provisional agenda*
The Committee also recommends that the State party intensify its awareness-raising campaigns with a view to changing perceptions of corporal punishment and in order to promote the use of alternative and non-violent forms of discipline in a manner consistent with the child's human dignity and in accordance with the Convention, especially article 28, paragraph 2.
Austin Doyle (Greenebaum Cancer Center, University of Maryland Medical School, Baltimore, Maryland 21201, USA
Mali
19. Staff assessment 2 109 100
Wanting to know something is infuriating
A. Human rights problems faced by IDPs due to natural disasters
Further, members of the Working Group requested from the Secretariat an informal note on the work of the Main Committees on revitalization, which was duly submitted by the Secretariat in advance of the following meeting, held on 16 March.
It is natural for managers to be seen as role models.
20. Areas of priority of the Task Force's activities should be those established by the aforementioned ministerial declaration of the high-level segment.
Ai Qing
 27. Although the cultivation of stimulants is a fact in many countries irrespective of their level of development, illicit cultivation is frequently concentrated in the least developed.
1. The author of the communication is Mr. Paul Perterer, an Austrian citizen.
Im happy to meet you, too. David: And this is Ben Guo
That includes services of three language trainers and reference materials.
The audit included a general review of financial systems and internal controls and a test examination of the accounting records and other supporting evidence to the extent that the Board considered necessary to form an opinion on the financial statements.
 The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Lesotho, the Right Honourable Mr. Ntsu Mokhehle, in his maiden address to the Commonwealth Summit in Cyprus, epitomized Lesotho's concerns when he said:
In the light of the evidence and the adjustments for depreciation made in accordance with paragraph above, the Panel recommends an award of compensation in the amount of SAR 208,449 for real property damage to the Al Khafji telegraph and telephone exchange buildings.
121. The protocols on use of force, preservation of evidence and handover of detainees to the authorities entered into operation on 23 April 2012.
3. Membership in the Committee may be terminated for any organization which, in the view of at least two thirds of current members, shows insufficient commitment to the work of the Committee or which breaches the Principles Governing International Statistical Activities.
Paraná River
The Heads of State and Government deplored all acts of terror aiming at creating sectarian conflict. The Heads of State and Government called upon the international community and all states especially the regional states to extend any possible assistance to the Iraqi government in its effort to defeat and eliminate terrorism.
In paragraph 18 of document E/CN.7/1999/14, ACABQ pointed out that the Organization had begun to establish viable biennial working procedures for its programme and budgets.
Loading up with sugar, flavored syrup and whipped cream can turn a no-fat, almost no-calorie drink into the equivalent of an ice-cream soda.
As part of the budget for 2011 and 2012, $34 million were allocated to support various social welfare services in Montserrat, such as monthly financial assistance, rental assistance and one-time assistance for basic items.
The husband and wife had been living together in the house in a village in the Prey Veng province of southern Cambodia, roughly 50 miles (80 km) from the capital.
So why are rich kids such brats?
It also means that, within the juvenile justice system, the treatment and education of children shall be directed to the development of respect for human rights and freedoms (article 29, paragraph 1 (b) of the Convention and general comment No. 1 (2001) on the aims of education).
4. Registration of security rights in movable assets.
YES If YES, indicate relevant information (i.e. signing, accession, ratification, entering into force, etc.)
For example, the auction contractor had allowed its parent company, which turned out to be the largest single buyer, to register as a bidder, giving rise to an apparent, if not an actual, conflict of interest.
Article 437 of the Law on Penal Procedures provides that extradition requests may be granted in specific cases provided for in existing treaties with the State in whose territory the person sought is located. In the absence of a treaty, extradition may be granted based on the principle of reciprocity.
It is quite natural that many people said it was hardly understandable in the light of common sense why there were no similar characters on the other parts of the propelling body of the torpedo, if this was written by the north for the purpose of assembling the torpedo.
Singapore to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to
The handle is amber stag and the sheath is by Larry Parsons.
Mahara : The RNA has been converted into the Nepali Army only in words not in practice.
8. On 14 January, rockets were fired from Sector East of the UNIFIL area of operations towards Israel.
United Nations Staff Mutual Insurance Society against Sickness and Accident
Every consumer good has a cost not borne out by its price but instead falsely bolstered by a vanishing resource economy.
(14) The Committee regrets the absence of adequate education of judges, and the fact that they are not generally trained in international human rights law, with the result that in practice there is very little direct enforcement of the rights recognized under the Covenant.
Theauthors sum up their experience in image processing by using the AIPS.
28. The ultimate goal is to identify and analyse in greater depth an option with a reasonable probability of technical feasibility and respecting the time frame set out.
All these are serious questions that deserve an answer in order to preserve the United Nations and uphold international order, because it is obvious that the international order is going through a serious crisis.
One argument is that intervention may be a backdoor route to reflation.
In addition, at its first regular session in 2000, the Executive Board approved the establishment of a capital reserve in the amount of $3.8 million as a charge from UNDP general resources.
PROGRAMME OF WORK AND ADOPTION OF THE AGENDA (A/AC.105/C.2/L.199)
I. Introduction
This however is explainable, traditionally, society views men as the natural leaders, while women are supposed to give support to their men in the background.
46. Ms. Shin stressed the importance of changing the recently established patriarchal culture in order to restore traditional respect for women.
(e) Participating in committees and working parties on air pollution matters.
Addendum
In the process of coal oxidized spontaneous combustion under different temperature the gaseous product was studied by the FTI spectroscope experiment.
Mr Chomsky has argued that "recursion" is the key feature of all human language.
The experience of the funds and programmes has shown that where there is adequate capacity to conduct administrative reviews, the rates of resolving disputes at a relatively early stage through this mechanism are much higher.
(d) a costed evaluation plan;
It doesn鈥檛 interest me how old you are.
25. Decides further that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 24 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the amount of 5,944,125 dollars, comprising the estimated staff assessment income of 4,690,000 dollars approved for the Mission, the prorated share of 1,098,375 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the support account and the prorated share of 155,750 dollars of the estimated staff assessment income approved for the Untied Nations Logistics Base;
931
Consumption by West Bank settlers, at around 900 litres per day, is over seven times that of Palestinian citizens.
5.3 With regard to the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee reiterates its concern that, in spite of five reminders having been addressed to the State party, no observations on the admissibility or merits of the communication have been received from the State party.
True wealth does not consist in what we have, but in what we are.
38. UNFPA has taken important steps to strengthen evaluation.
It would be like feeling Turkish but not able to read Yasar Kemal or to listen to Zulfur Livaneli.
Social attitudes to equality, stereotypes and patriarchal behaviour were significant factors.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
As mentioned, we began two new single-accused cases after the submission of the annual report.
9. The Advisory Committee was informed that, as at 28 February 2014, the human resources incumbency for MINUSTAH for the 2013/14 period was as follows:
274. Appreciation was expressed for the High Commissioner's initiative in distinguishing between core and non-core activities of the Office; it was regretted however, that the initiative had resulted from a shortfall in resources.
New Home Assistance Loan Scheme to be Launched Soon
Over the next year, we have a chance to revitalize multilateral work on these issues.
101. On 20 May, the Council was briefed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, African Integration and International Cooperation of Mali, Abdoulaye Diop, and by the Special Representative.
Now Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of water came upon the earth.
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Furthermore, UNOPS-specific withdrawal rates are applied.
UNHCR continued to facilitate the return of refugees mainly to "Somaliland" and "Puntland" and small numbers to Mogadishu, with a total number of returns of 11,900 for 2005.
This information may be provided directly to other Parties or through the Secretariat.
Preoperative sonogram and CT scan were performed.
2. Requests the Secretary-General to take the necessary action to implement the present resolution.
National human rights institution
And it further warned, still in its preamble, that "it is essential, if man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected by the rule of law" (para. 3).
Sometimes, I worry about that boy.
Livonian Rhymed Chronicle
My answer is yes.
Don't go for wealtheven that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.
Large allocations are first rounded up to be a multiple of the page size .
Buildings and structures in Canberra
Trends in the family life are still the same as at the time of the first and second report: together with the >>classic<< family of a married couple with children, the number of single parent families is growing, which represent something less than 20% of all families (more than 90% of single parent families are maternal single parent families), the number of supplemented or reorganised families, extra-marital family partnerships and families of homosexual partners is growing.
My delegation has full confidence in the Court's continued ability to discharge its functions under the Charter and Statute.
Today, like most days for the better part of the past eight years, he is locked away in a dungeon on Fidel Castro's island paradise.
B. Opening statements
1970 017 B
To ensure that any transfer in accordance with this Article takes place in full compliance, by both the transferring and the recipient State, with the relevant prohibitions of this Protocol.
" Don't expect me to help you, " he added nastily.
The International Strategy for Disaster Reduction will launch a process jointly with national mechanisms to capture national experiences and ensure that a viable model for disaster risk reduction promotion can be established to contribute to optimal risk management.
The contractor agreed that if it continued with the main software implementation, the $639,000 fee would be waived.
The Olympic spirit lives in the warm embrace of competitive rivals from nations in conflict.
In the cities, these migrants are often precluded from accessing adequate housing facilities.
     "This will help us overcome the crisis, turn it into new business opportunities and enhance our competitiveness," he said in his Policy Address entitled "Embracing New Challenges".
RIGHTS OF THE CHILD
5. The memory of childhood is passing gradually as he grows up.
Since 1948, Sri Lanka had been working to ensure that the rights, freedoms and protections granted to women on paper were observed in practice.
So to me the quality of your life is the quality of your communication, number one with whom?
It's so pervasive in an average U.S. diet that it's really hard to tell people, 'You have to avoid salt,' says Bibbins-Domingo.
The Conference of the Parties, at its fourth session, requested the subsidiary bodies to address, at their tenth sessions, the review process of the pilot phase of activities implemented jointly (AIJ), with a view to the COP taking a conclusive decision on the pilot phase, and the progression beyond that, no later than the end of the present decade (decision 6/CP.4).
we need a new regulation whichshould take the changeable market enviroment in to account.
Principles of International Commercial Contracts 2004
(b) Are based on the best scientific evidence available;
Preliminary GDP data show a 6.8% contraction year-on-year in the second quarter of this year – the largest since the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that devastated the country.
Gandalf, they're taking the road to the Morgul Vale.
f/ Representing trust funds received from donor countries.
Summary record of the 19th meeting
Few in eastern Europe object to that in principle.
However, for one in six people insomnia is a continual problem.
Deputy Permanent Representative
Annual overview report of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination for 2003
3. Adoption of the agenda.
Country data Ibaraki Prefecture
[Give priority to carbon sequestration for the combating of desertification, the conservation of biodiversity and watersheds, and the improvement of land management;]
Background:: The twenty-seventh session of the SBI will be held from Monday, 3 December to Tuesday, 11 December 2007.
2. Trusteeship Council
(a) To take note of the report of the Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity, as submitted by the Secretary-General to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session;
Classroom activity is a system activity, which is specially organized and seeks to interactive activity between teachers and students, aiming at achieving the goal of studying subject.
As the lights go up, audience reveals that there hasn't been a dry eye in the house.
The State can be persuaded to act in the interests of its people only where political democracy exists, not just in form but in substance.
The Chief Transport Officer will be supported by an Administrative Assistant (national General Service staff), who will supervise 8 Drivers assigned to that location, for a total of 10 staff in Nairobi.
Shipping company uses EDI agency to realize international information communication already, shipping proof and space plan or lade the plan can be transmitted through telecommunication.
Naro-1
 8. The recent events in Monrovia have dramatically demonstrated that the lack of manpower and logistics from which ECOMOG has chronically suffered has seriously undermined its operational effectiveness.
The Sections recognize and appreciate the years-long efforts of the Commission and UNCITRAL Working Group II (Arbitration and Conciliation) to update the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules.
Personal effects : Bring appropriate clothing for your destination.
A core team of experts has been established in the UNODC regional office in Nairobi, covering the three subprogrammes described below.
In real terms, therefore, there is a reduction in the overall budget for the period 2003-2004 as compared with the financial period 2001-2002.
Following on the heels of those achievements, however, it was doubly disappointing that the Programme of Action Review Conference in July failed to produce an outcome document with guidance for further measures and follow-up mechanisms.
This same process applies to chess.
The researchers working for CARI are academics engaged in various areas of learning.
The special procedures system had to find its proper place in the proposed Human Rights Council, bearing in mind the need to respect three principles: (i) all members of the United Nations should be included in the Council in order to promote transparency and cooperation in the functioning of the system; (ii) the mandates should reaffirm the principle that all human rights were indivisible and universal; and (iii) the system must guarantee the independence, professionalism and integrity of mandate holders.
Review the Weld inspection reports for each project and rectify any possible documentation errors.
Other interviewees felt that evaluation at the United Nations system level was too cumbersome, while a third group questioned the idea and the assumption that the United Nations should be considered to be a system that could be evaluated.
(o) The independent expert might explain how the development compact would contribute to mainstreaming all human rights in all aid programmes, as well as in the development policies of recipient countries;
We should espouse this as a universal truth and I would also like to point out that these are not simply positions taken by States, but the positions of entire communities of States.
9. Part one of the report of the Secretary-General contains information on and proposals in respect of various security-related issues that fall under the United Nations regular budget, such as: (a) executive protection; (b) the protection of former Secretaries-General and other senior officials; (c) the standardized access control system and related maintenance and support requirements; and (d) additional security requirements in specific locations, including for Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA), the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO), the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process (UNSCO) and United Nations information centres.
Question of participation
We fully endorse that statement.
These are the real economic and political decision makers, which create institutions to implement policies that have already been decided.
To be decided
In particular, it draws attention to the fact that on 29 January 2007, 14 February 2008 and 10 March 2009, the author submitted applications to the European Court of Human Rights regarding the authorities' refusal to allow him to hold a mass event (gay pride march) and picket concerning the rights of sexual minorities.
This new format is currently under development, and is not expected to be finalized before the latter half of 2008.
With respect to conflicts of interest, it was concluded that the President would ask members of the analysing group to excuse themselves from the analysis of their own requests or the analysis of a request with which they have a conflict of interest, such as a territorial or sovereignty dispute with the requesting State Party.
6. Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fourth session under the sub-item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action”. 85th plenary meeting
The item had been considered by the General Assembly annually until its forty-first session and thereafter biennially.
The smog started to clear this week thanks both to a change in prevailing winds, bringing rain, and the deployment of two Russian BE-200 fire-fighting aircraft.
I just happen to be working on this street the last couple of days. I should introduce myself, my name is Peter Spencer.
(e) Promote equitable allocation of public housing for older persons; (Agreed)
These and you in the together intravenous drip, are manymake me not fondly remember already.
(i) To review the commodity sector assessment and project profiles;
42. Sceptics said that when countries gathered at the United Nations, nothing happened but many words were used up.
Ten minutes ago Clive and I shook hands on a provisional agreement
Though he was late,he came to the birthday party.
1. Endorses the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
During the last few years, accumulating experience originating from several initiatives in various countries and regions of the world has become available showing results of Integrated Vector Management (IVM).
The annex makes reference to the identification by the Panel of numerous practical disadvantages to independent audits and management reviews by individual Member States and to the fact that the Financial Regulations of the United Nations stipulate that the external auditors appointed by the organizations' governing bodies are solely responsible for the conduct of audits.
To prevent the film on both sides of the elasticity is inconsistent volume produced play wrinkle.
Music venues in Hong Kong
37. A police armoured protected vehicle is an armoured vehicle with cross country capability, used to transport a police section of 8 to 12 people with full crowd control gear.
Roccafluvione
10. In the absence of agreed mechanisms with the parties to conflict for the delivery of assistance, it is almost impossible for humanitarian activities to be carried out in the midst of hostilities.
But for such a Damascene conversion to happen, the country would have to experience a political or economic crisis large enough to shake public opinion out of its fatalistic complacency.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2015
The numbers of people seeking asylum in 38 industrialized countries for which statistics were available also fell for the third year in a row.
A film review board was formed by the Ministry of Radio, Film and Television in 1996, and subsequently a television series review board and a television series review appeal board were formed by the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television in 1999. If a film or TV series is found to violate the rules or regulations, the submitter should propose a plan of modification based on suggestions from these boards, for the approval of the relevant board.
66. Improving the security situation in the border areas must move beyond these measures.
Rapporteur: Mr. Steven Ssenabulya Nkayivu (Uganda)
:: Mandate: variances caused by changes in the scale or scope of the mandate, or changes in the expected accomplishments as driven by the mandate
As a tribute to women, the President of the Republic had proclaimed 21 May as Mothers' Day.
Moreover, greater transparency -- through regular reporting on action to implement disarmament obligations -- was essential to sustain the credibility of the Treaty.
Do you wanna go out with me?Love, Jocelyn.
a. Transfer of $51.9 million from the compensation reserve funds;
It was pleased that the work of Working Group VI to produce a guide on registries for security rights in movable assets was nearing completion, as it would be a useful tool for States that wished to create or modernize a legislative regime for such security interests.
There was a pause for a few seconds; and then a great deal of scuffling and whispering.
15 Paper prepared by Norway on Norwegian procedures developed in accordance with article I of annex I to the Protocol on Environmental protection and Norwegian regulations relating to the protection of the environment in Antarctica (Information paper No. 38, submitted to the Twenty-first Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting).
Administrative data indicate a decrease in the share of self-employment over the past 15 years, which accounted for about 11.6 per cent of those gainfully employed in 2000.
Just the other day I heard a friend tell a group of men proudly that his wife was the kindest person he had ever known.
The Experts recommended that the prosecutor exercise his or her discretion regarding investigations, indictments and trials, taking fully into account the twin goals of individual accountability and national reconciliation in Cambodia.
Bosnia and Herzegovina now has all the mechanisms and institutions to participate fully in the regional and international fight against organized crime and terrorism.
This can be said of Brazil, Colombia, India and Indonesia.
Mr Paulson is hoping that this time will be different.
The Scottish Parliament, Current state of the Parties.
Dealing with the challenge
After the so-called end of the cold war, those who continued a military build-up and the development of the most sophisticated means of killing and exterminating human beings were aware that their huge military investments would give them the privilege of imposing their absolute and complete dominance over the other peoples of the world.
Hence, capacity building, especially the task of institutional and human resources development in LDCs, should be seen from a long-term perspective.
General Post Office* at Central,
Section 27, Information Service
Geneva, United Nations.
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
If you drink too much it can increase nervousness, and cause rapid heartbeat and trembling hands.
The incoming bunch of Tory candidates will create easily the most sceptical parliamentary cadre ever.
Alarmed also at the serious instances of intolerance, discrimination and acts of violence based on religion or belief, intimidation and coercion motivated by extremism, religious or otherwise, occurring in many parts of the world and threatening the enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms,
He struck his attacker on the ear 543
As for the percentage of marriage among relatives, it is extremely high.
6.6 The detention of the adult authors is a proportionate response to the security risk they were individually found to pose.
Mr. Ishaq Usman Bello (Nigeria)
You can't be real.
When she was hardest pressed to aid her mother, she would sometimes find herself quietly singing, the pleasure of work lifting her out of herself.
Draft resolutions on the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (A/C.2/52/L.32 and L.52)
The seventh class of the fellowship programme commenced in September 2010.
Our system should be up by this afternoon.
4. A nearly unanimous belief in individual homeownership marginalized public rental housing; in many countries most of such housing was sold off.
241. As shown in table 17 below, it is estimated that a total of $118,796,000 (at current rates) will be required for the implementation of the three structural projects: (a) globalize service desk; (b) streamline data centres; and (c) rationalize the ICT organization.
(b) Inform the petitioner of the general procedure for processing delisting requests;
UNDP has an advantage in supporting the long-term process of decentralization, while UNMIL has greater geographic reach and political leverage to initiate the process and build the foundation that allows deconcentration and decentralization.
12:46 I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations,
A similar cooperation arrangement has been signed with the Cameroon Council of Imams and Muslim Dignitaries to help stop female genital mutilation;
Other performances such as breaking strength, at break, whiteness and moisture absorption were also examined.
Draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.42
 We repeat our congratulations to the Government and to the Resist\x{763d}cia Nacional Mo\x{84f7}mbicana, and urge them to persevere along this road, which should lead to the holding of multiparty elections in the coming days.
Statements were also made by the representatives of Finland (on behalf of the European Union and the Central and Eastern European countries associated with the European Union - the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Romania - and the associated country, Malta, as well as the EFTA country member of the EEA, Liechtenstein, which aligned themselves with the statement), Norway and the United Republic of Tanzania.
Cooperation with the Jordanian Government.
Well,then you don't need a snitch.
9 August 1986
ii) The national agency for research valorization (ANVAR), which provides two types of incentive: innovation grants intended to promote technological progress, and which can cover up to 50% of programme expenses, and innovation subsidies intended to encourage small and medium industrial concerns to involve public and private laboratories in their research.
The sun goes to cross the Western sea, leaving its last salutation to the East.
Although the law set a 30 per cent minimum quota for women in elected positions, statistics showed that female representation at all levels fell significantly short.
Objective Comparing study on the killing effect of killing cockroach chalk against Blattella germanica. by two examining way in laboratory.
Fax no.: 2721 6216
(estimates)
161. Immediate effects of the Special Rapporteur's visit.
This included training courses on conflict and cooperation in transboundary river management in different regions and the preparation and sharing of best practices.
5. Total net private and official capital flows to developing and transition economies increased to some $75 billion in 2002, from about $44 billion in the previous year.
Good afternoon, Mr Lambert.
Test shows that the . system is stable and reliable, and simple to operate, optimum parameters of the algorithm can be obtained promptly.
He is a very obliging, amiable person.
Concentric, perinuclear , and radiating tears often appeared first in the posterior disc and were numerous throughout life.
25 November 1991a
Students can bike, rollerblade, or run on the beautiful winding path next to the river.
What kind of movies does she like?
"Recalling its resolutions 58/203 of 23 December 2003, 59/223 of 22 December 2004, 60/187 of 22 December 2005 and 61/188 of 20 December 2006 on external debt crisis and development,
A small, pale child's face could be seen in the gloom of a third - class carriage.
Don't try to change your basic shape or to go against your own unique physical capabilities.
○Expand the participation of women in policy decision-making processes
So far, the consultation mechanisms provided for in the Set have mostly been used, with success, for presentations, the exchange of experiences and discussions on different competition issues.
; [Does anybody forbid doing charity?
The Republic of Korea has therefore continued to urge those States that have not yet done so to sign and ratify the Treaty at the earliest possible time.
Fifty-fifth sixth session
:: Mr. Boileau Loko, Mission Chief for Haiti, International Monetary Fund
I would also like to compliment the outgoing President, Mr. Ping, on the exceptional work that he did during the previous session.
(declaration, art. 28, para. 1 (a), 2010) OP-CRC-AC
In article 20, the representative suggested adding the phrase “and proposing” after the words “in devising”.
Women were village leaders and women held a majority in the parliament.
Often divisions along national lines enter the religious sphere, and the religious needs of believers are met through services in their language in accordance with the religious traditions and customs of those ethnic groups.
I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree, nd a small cabin build there, of clay and wottles made; ine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey bee,
M. Edouard Aho-Glele
The election will take place on 18 January 2013.
"Then you would trust, because there is hope; And you would look around and rest securely.
Agenda item 47: Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields (continued)
As of 30 April 2004, educational supplies had been provided for about 582,000 children in eight accessible counties.
The Commission has before it a proposal contained in a joint report of the National Statistical Office of Mongolia and the Australian Bureau of Statistics on the establishment of an Ulaanbaatar city group on statistics for economies based on natural resources.
Official travel
2. The Assembly decided to consider at its fifty-seventh session the question of the use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination.
However, they may also encourage governments to refer alleged legislative deficiencies to courts for advice, they can support and promote national human rights institutions and civil society actors, and they can promote public legal aid for rights-based claims.
73. Some national laws apply temporary protection to applicants for refugee status.
We would also like to congratulate the other members of the Bureau and the Chairmen of the Working Groups on their election.
[b]Her immediate supervisor is now on business. [/b
I have the honour to submit herewith the fifth report of the Government of the Republic of Uzbekistan which includes responses to those comments and questions of the Counter-Terrorism Committee contained in your letter dated 13 February 2006 (see enclosure).
Criminal proceedings in the Federal District;
12. We reiterate our support for the proposal made by the members of the Sectorial Initiative in Favour of Cotton relating to the ambitious reduction of the domestic agricultural support which distorts the international cotton market.
(Fourth Committee)
He has collected some recent data to back up his contention.
8. West Africa is particularly vulnerable to and affected by climate change and disruptive weather patterns, including natural disasters, land degradation, desertification, water scarcity, droughts and floods.
CONTENTS
informal consultations
In Algeria, Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb* has increasingly recruited children to its ranks.
It is therefore imperative to take steps now to ensure that developing countries are not left behind for lack of resources or a failure to recognize the significance and the potential of the shift from traditional voice-based telecommunications networks to the Internet.
103. The Board recommends that the Administration urgently review the effectiveness of the Post-Award Review Committee, with a view to streamlining its operation, and balance appropriately the need for assurance and control with the need to protect the project schedule and work of the Procurement Division. C. Acknowledgement
Liaison Offr (1)2A
The delegation of each State participating in the International Meeting and of the European Commission shall consist of a head of delegation and such other representatives, alternate representatives and advisers as may be required.
126. Many Latin American countries are taking steps in the area of education and teaching to prevent various forms of discrimination.
TECHNICAL REVIEW OF GREENHOUSE GAS INVENTORIES
51. As already mentioned, the regular budget is funded in equal parts by the United Nations and the World Trade Organization.
 It fixed 28 September 1992 as the time-limit for the Reply of Qatar and 29 December 1992 for the Rejoinder of Bahrain.
I am interested in every character you have mentioned, more or less
:: Submission of the list of recommended candidates to the central review bodies for approval
20 October 1994
Stem erect or ascending from base, succulent, with dense spreading hairs apically.
(iii) Are IHL principles taken into account in the planning of a military operation, including in the formal targeting procedures?
3 December 2009
Time and date acquisition system as well as some relevant information, the use of several controls.
They particularly remember two brothers who put them up in their homes
Have all the guests been served food and drink?
D. Transport, communications and utilities
Article 8. Limited jurisdiction
Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône
148. Several Governments in various developing regions (Asia and the Pacific, Latin America, Central Europe and Africa) have been invited to participate in the pilot studies.
Most of the newspapers appear daily.
(3) Paragraph 2 establishes the point in time when the notification takes effect: upon its receipt by the other State or States Parties, unless a later date is provided for in the notification. Contrary to paragraph 1, no reference is made to the date of receipt by the depositary.
Advantages of Ads Lam Kwan Wai Advantages of Ads Advertisers tend to think big and perhaps this is why they' re always coming in for criticism.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Thursday, 20 October 2005, at 10 a.m.
4. Again, in order to be able to discharge the undertakings mentioned, the Head of Mission, acting through the Force Commander, also needs to be able to consult with the commanders of national contingents, as and when necessary, regarding the maintenance of discipline and good order among the members of the military component.
Thank you!Ross: Dont thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization.
As indicated in paragraph 24 of the report, during 2008 concerns were raised about certain entities and their readiness for IPSAS adoption in 2010, as it became clear that they had not completed some of the requisite steps.
2.3 Mrs. Bautista's abduction was immediately brought to the attention of the local authorities by the Association of Solidarity with Political Prisoners.
She said further talks -- possibly at ministerial level -- will be needed.
If the general standards, facilities and services in detention are inadequate, they will necessarily be inadequate for all those who are detained there.
1740s in North America
Miscellaneous accounts receivable and other deferred charges
24. Recognizes the need for a high-level donor conference to lend its support to the DSNCRP, and in this regard calls upon the international community, in particular donor countries and partners of Haiti and multilateral institutions, in cooperation with the Haitian authorities, to devise and implement under the leadership of the Haitian authorities, an efficient aid coordination system, based on mutual responsibility, which would focus on short-term immediate needs, as well as medium- and long-term reconstruction requirements, and also encourages donors and partners of Haiti to accelerate the disbursement of their pledges as a contribution to development and stability in Haiti;
Resources (thousands of United States dollars)
" The United Nations system should integrate the gender perspective into the formulation, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of policies and programmes on poverty eradication and pay particular attention to the collection of gender-disaggregated data.
In 2008, UNODC held two rounds of policy consultations with senior officials of the European Commission to discuss the review of the achievement of the goals and targets set by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session, drug demand reduction and HIV/AIDS prevention, crime prevention, counter-terrorism, governance and ways to strengthen field-based cooperation.
People's governments at various levels shall draw up plans for regionalization of agricultural resources, programmes for agricultural environmental protection and plans for the development of rural energy, and organize the rehabilitation of the agricultural ecological environment.
I'm beginning to understand the fuss everyone's making over you.
Number of recommendations, decisions and initiatives
In quantitative terms, a new university has opened in Maroua, for which 55 teachers will be hired; new departments have been created in existing universities; and 66 private higher education institutes have opened.
The choice between vocational and general education did not affect employment prospects, although girls tended to perform better in high school, and from that point of view had a greater chance of entering university and finding better paid employment.
For decades, large, hairy, manlike beasts called Bigfoot have occasionally been reported by eyewitnesses across Bmerica.
In response to this, by issuing a notification requesting the travel industry to publicize and provide information concerning this law.
I believe that the divergence of the uncertainty avoidance is from different basic social ideology.
D. Committee on Library and Publications
In our ongoing search for a society in which law prevails, we see the International Court of Justice as the best means for ensuring a brighter future for future generations.
Table 4. Summary of requirements for substantive support to the COP and its subsidiary bodies
It would also be good for Member States to be given detailed information in the context of the consideration of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001, or at the latest at the start of the biennium, on where the amount of $40 million in productivity gains indicated in the Secretary-General’s report came from and where it would be allocated to.
They accounted for more than a quarter, or $81bn, of exports from the south-eastern Chinese manufacturing hub of Guangdong in 2006, according to government statistics.
His English was taught by correspondence.
Now it is counting on Yao to help engineer a recovery -- both on and off the court.
ITC expects the mid-term evaluation report by late spring or early summer 2000.
Even that much warming would require a massive effort to adapt to weather extremes and rising sea levels, which needs to start now.
The Panel noted that the main causes of personal property losses in Kuwait were the looting and vandalism of personal and real property by members of the Iraqi occupying forces.
Prior to being appointed to the Council of State, Mr. Courtial served as a judge on various administrative tribunals.
(a) The Commission for Social Development, as the functional commission of the Economic and Social Council with the primary responsibility for follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development, and for review of the implementation of the Copenhagen Declaration and Programme of Action, will undertake work in 1999-2000 for the preparations of the special session, in accordance with its programme of work as set out in Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/7;
NPT/CONF.2010/WP.15
States are reminded that even the most sophisticated identity and travel documents can be forged in the absence of strict acquisition procedures (sect. VI.E, para. 84)
While some observers pointed to Mr. Mané's competence and professionalism, others expressed reservations about his impartiality given his former position as legal representative of the families of some of the victims of the 2009 political assassinations.
If I am once put off I find it very difficult to recapture the same train of thought.
With the augment of the turnover, Jane's aunt found some mistakes in the account.
(a) To respect fully all human rights and fundamental freedoms without discrimination of any kind, including gender, ethnicity or religion, in accordance with international law;
510. The Ministers took note of the UNCTAD-UNDP Creative Economy Report 2008 that provides empirical evidence and in-depth analysis showing that the creative industries, linking economic, cultural, technological and social aspects of development at both the macro and micro levels, are among the most dynamic emerging sectors in world trade that could offer to developing countries new opportunities in the world economy.
Tourist attractions in Jiangsu
I am sure that many other delegations will join them.
The Subcommission established to examine the submission of France will meet from 11 to 15 August. The Subcommission established to examine the submission of Norway will meet from 2 to 12 September.
UN-Women proposes the establishment of 139 new posts, 25 of which represent the conversion of funding source from programme resources to the institutional budget.
UNMIL also organized a musical concert in Tubmanburg, Bomi County, to sensitize the populace about sexual exploitation and abuse.
The same night our company was awaked by alarm and delivered to the commandant of the city.
Recalling paragraph 23 (g) of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, which called for action at all levels to promote the reduction of the risks posed by heavy metals which are harmful to human health and the environment, including through a review of relevant studies, such as the United Nations Environment Programme global assessment of mercury and its compounds,
The phenomenon was brought to light through a study conducted by the German Agency for Technical Cooperation (GTZ) in 2006 and by two anthropologists in 2007.
Article 10, paragraph 3, alleviated the Dutco problem by shifting the power of appointment from the parties to an institution, and the text should not in any way tie the hands of the appointing authority.
In addition, it sets out the indicators selected for the purposes of monitoring Brazil's progress in certain areas, based on sources available from the IBGE.
With regard to women's participation in the public sector, the Committee recalled the very low level of women's participation in the public sector.
An operation be needed to remove your tonsil.
Japan also attaches great importance to the universalization of the Additional Protocol of the IAEA safeguards.
Recalling that the opinion of Member States was an important barometer of the quality of conference services, it urged the Department to continue developing an integrated way of seeking routine feedback.
The female:male ratio is 1:2.
I would like to emphasize that if we are to have a more dynamic and effective global response to HIV/AIDS, adequate resources must be made available.
15. The presentations also gave the delegations a basis with which to begin sharing information on technical approaches and experience in applying article 9 of Protocol V and part 3 of its technical annex, which was the third objective set by the Conference for the Coordinator on generic preventive measures.
These companies are accumulating intellectual property to an extent that the public and international institutions are disadvantaged.
The total migrant workers exceed 1.4 million and majority of them is in India.
Do you want to go out for eat.
In a sense, this is where our efforts to rethink and strengthen social development may face their greatest challenge.
 However, we have reservations regarding the thirteenth preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 3.
The major contribution to the development results of the regional programme was made through technical assistance, but not through the regional projects.
In fact, all the efforts to break the vicious circle of underdevelopment in the affected regions had failed for want of financial resources.
Two regional GEO for Youth conferences for Latin America and the Caribbean were held in Mexico City in November 2003 and in Lima in July 2005.
Launching Sites: China has set up three launching sites - in Jiuquan, Xichang and Taiyuan - which have successfully accomplished various kinds of test flights of launching vehicles and launches of a variety of satellites and experimental spacecraft.
But we must do more to amplify their voices and give them a seat at the table, whether in their village or at the global level, among nations.
Activities: invited to address the Council on behalf of Local Authorities.
" Before they began to eat, he said to his wife, "Hilde is too big to sit on my knee any more.
The Office of Audit and Performance Review of UNDP continues to follow up this matter to ensure that, for every project, either an audit is arranged or satisfactory reasons are provided for its exclusion.
ASEAN, which was established on 8 August 1967 in Bangkok, is an expression of the collective will of the nations in the region to bind themselves together in friendship and cooperation to secure for their peoples the blessings of peace, freedom and prosperity.
Level
I mean, the spirit that you saw?
Your winter will thaw. Your problems will be solved.
Mauritius
13. In light of a lack of systematic and public evaluation of the human rights situation in Denmark, DIHR recommended that domestic human rights indicators be developed and an annual human rights evaluation be carried out in the Parliament, which could feed into a human rights national action plan.
I have no shadow it has actually gone last night and not come again.
36. Productive employment is a major route out of poverty.
Long-distance runners from Kenya, Ethiopia and Morocco, playing on the advantage of athletes born and nurtured at altitude, will dominate the distance running events for both men and women.
The Secretariat proposal to structure the afternoon session around a discussion of the purpose, methods and procedures, and content and substantive focus of the Social Forum was accepted by consensus.
I have the honour to inform you that, during the Presidency of the Slovak Republic, the Security Council is scheduled to hold an open debate on the subject "Maintenance of international peace and security: role of the Security Council in supporting security sector reform", on Tuesday, 20 February 2007.
The matter could be clarified in the commentary to chapter XIII but the Committee might wish to address it in a separate recommendation.
Local community networks, such as the Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact, could help to link the Asia-Pacific regional assessment report to local and indigenous communities or help with outreach and network aspects.
Well, but we would like to take a nap after lunch.
They talked the afternoon away in the park.
Laundry and cleaning
Its brilliant  elegant  lingual art, can be called " Great works "
(c) In new operative paragraph 5, after the words "international community", the words "relevant international institutions" were inserted;
If a child is walking down the street, it would be rare for someone to ask the child, 'Where are you going
the negative effects of the military action against
(a) Recognize the benefits that can be obtained from the peaceful applications of nuclear energy and nuclear techniques and acknowledge the right of all States parties to undertake research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with articles I, II and III of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
The research foci of past climatic change are shifting from separate aspect to integration, and synthesis research has become the new direction of this field.
Chair: Mr. Feruta (Romania)
As a State which has never had, nor plans to have, weapons of mass destruction, participation in the debate on some issues and items on the disarmament agenda has been conducted from the standpoint of principle.
He was a visiting scientist to the Aachen University of Technology, Germany; a resource person of the International Ocean Institute, Malta; Member, National Steering Committee for Science and Astronomy Olympiads; Member, Research Council of National Ship Design Research Centre (NSDRC).
However, insurance services are inadequate in many countries.
Report of the independent expert on the effects of foreign debt and other related international financial obligations of States on the full enjoyment
14. This Regulation governs the relationship between employers and domestic workers by spelling out the rights and obligations of both parties in the relationship.
On the basis of the information at its disposal, the Committee concludes that to have kept Idriss and Juma Aboufaied in captivity for a prolonged period, to have prevented them from communicating with their family and the outside world, and to have subjected Idriss Aboufaied to acts of torture, constitute a violation of article 7 of the Covenant with regard to each of them.
(f) In the Pacific, sea level rise, ocean acidification and an increase in extreme weather events such as droughts and typhoons are placing indigenous peoples at added risk.
At the same time, it is necessary to fight corruption and to guarantee good governance.
Closure of the list of speakers for the general debate on all disarmament and international security agenda items
Hawking employs his brain to range around those huge theoretical topics that terrify and fascinate laypeople, particularly those who do not attribute the literal creation of the cosmos to God's hand.
Umoja Foundation is planned to be piloted in January 2013 and deployed in clusters across the Organization by December 2014, in time for the transition to IPSAS.
5. The purpose of sanctions is to modify the behaviour of a party that is threatening international peace and security and not to punish or otherwise exact retribution.
The upshot? People don't see how widespread their own doldrums truly are, and the " 'emotional pluralistic ignorance' can reduce people's well-being," the researchers wrote.
"season's greetings." that's very original.
The design of optimal auction mechanism that maximizes the seller's expected utility is studied based on a general model.
Taking note of the Model Nuclear Weapons Convention that was submitted to the Secretary-General by Costa Rica and Malaysia in 2007 and circulated by the Secretary-General,
Don't wait.
In the coming decades, China's population and development program will enter a new historical period.
CLP Program Member/Affiliate Structure Benefits
The European Union includes prevention in its community policies and promotes setting up networks and information systems among member States to generate a flow of information, analysis and the sharing of experiences in the area of public health.
Other significant works by Van Gogh have sold for tens of millions at auction.
If your master wants to deal with me, he must first apologize for all his ill-treatment on me in the past.
Pork prices soared 56% in November from a year earlier, and cooking-oil prices jumped 35%, leading to an 18.2% rise in overall food prices.
CRC/C/28/Add.7
Report of Bolivia
Just looked on, even if the silence, I also beside you.
Pilar
This is easily obtained using a plug-in power monitor, for example.
Polariton
4. Expresses deep concern at the continued serious instances of deliberate stereotyping of religions, their adherents and sacred persons in the media, as well as programmes and agendas pursued by extremist organizations and groups aimed at creating and perpetuating stereotypes about certain religions, in particular when condoned by Governments;
Speech Title: WFSGI and the state of the sports industry.
Heathcliff stood with a candle dripping over his fingers, and his face as white as the walls around him.
Hate destroys a man's sense of values and his objectivity.
Countries once afflicted by conflict and war have begun to take initiatives towards democratic government.
The Law also established that public officials might not, under any circumstances, receive from such persons securities, real estate or assignments of rights in proceedings or disputes to settle issues of title to ownership of any kind of property.
The ICT performance and configuration management tasks to be performed include establishing an integrated ICT asset management framework with key configuration details to enable the selected vendor to manage the environment effectively.
He kept silent the whole night, seems to be in deep thought with a lighted cigarette at all times.
Conclusions and recommendations
The ICC has jurisdiction over such crimes “when committed as part of a widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the attack” (art. 7 (1)).
Since implementation, the majority of incoming passengers (nearly 99.9 per cent) at various control points used the “Green Channel” for customs declaration.
Would you mind-giving me that-red-book 16.
(n) Ensure that law enforcement, civil, military and medical personnel, public officials and other persons who may be involved in the custody, interrogation or treatment of any individual deprived of his/her liberty are trained to recognize the physical consequences of torture and respect the absolute prohibition of torture;
"I oughtn't to be made to pay for it.
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation in Abyei (S/2011/741)
Conference on Disarmament
Only in this way can the natural resources in Tibet be utilized rationally and scientifically, and can economic development and eco-environmental improvement be achieved simultaneously.
In June 2006, ECOWAS transformed its moratorium on small arms into the binding Convention on Small Arms, Light Weapons, Their Ammunition and Other Associated Material.
 The European Union condemns the coup d'at that took place in Niger on 27 January 1996, interrupting abruptly the process of democratization launched in 1993 with legislative and presidential elections.
This position has been maintained by the officials of American Samoa over the years.
11. Khokimiyat of Tashkent city
- Wanchai Immigration Tower 1/F Exhibition Area
The first level of management improvement effect is to induce Mei Long food quality management has been a qualitative leap.
22. The Committee is concerned about reported incidents in nuclear power stations and the lack of transparency and disclosure of necessary information regarding the safety of such installations, and also the lack of advance nationwide and community preparation for the prevention and handling of nuclear accidents.
Industrial growth is likely to continue to decelerate in the coming months as tightening measures filter through, Mr.
In cases where children do not possess birth certificates, it is easy for their superiors to pass them off as being older than they really are.
UNITAR would like to acknowledge the financial support of the Government of Switzerland and the SAICM Quick Start Programme Trust Fund.
It is estimated that 77.9% of subscription TV subscribers received their service as part of a package.
 In some of the small island developing countries, aid disbursements have in fact been falling in real terms, and the creditworthiness of smaller economies has been diminished by their vulnerability.
It is estimated that 479 alien freshwater and marine species had been introduced into aquatic environments around the world by 1939.
290. Some other principles emanated from UNCED, in particular, the now widely recognized principle of the precautionary approach and the principle that polluters should bear the cost of pollution.
11. Meanwhile, several commissions chose themes specifically aiming to make substantial contributions to the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
He handed the document to her.
Plenary meetings
Previous studies have reached similar conclusions about the "Prudent" and Western diet in the United States and Europe, but did not include the Oriental pattern of eating.
With their support, the Ecuadorian Government was prepared to fulfill its commitment to raising the awareness of the population regarding the danger of drugs.
4. Reaffirms its decision, with a view to further development of the Register, to keep the scope of and participation in the Register under review and, to that end:
Table 9 Numbers of children enrolled in public kindergartens, 1993-1997
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
As to reforms, we believe that an enlarged Security Council reflecting the realities of today's world would also better serve the interests of peace and security.
The Working Group transmitted the reply provided by the Government to the source and received its comments.
But that won't always fly with the pint-sized crowd, so try dried fruit bites instead.
It will not be as rapid as a freely floating currency regime can be in eliminating imbalances and it will impose hardships on many of the poorest in Asia.
Senior Consultant, National Committee on Biodiversity Conservation and Sustainable Use, Thailand
46. FAO has not reported any specific action on the implementation of IPOA-Seabirds since the review at the meeting of COFI in 2003.
Application by fax / E-mail will not be accepted
7. The 1980s "structural adjustment programmes" of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank compelled developing countries to open up their markets, including the food sector, to foreign trade as a part of loan fulfilling conditions.
Pappy, sitting on a nearby log, was deep in thought.
Therefore, organic selenium could markedly take effect on mucins of oviduct bulge site of adult Huainan Spotted chicken.
By supporting start-up costs, and sometimes electricity rates, governments can greatly improve the commercial viability and sustainability of investments.
10. Harmonization of base years for index numbers (United Nations Conference on Trade and Development).
The reclassification is also expected to meet the need for a senior Professional post to assist with in providing substantive support to the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations and the Council, thereby improving the post structure of the Non-Governmental Organizations Section.
The Chair informed the Committee that informal consultations on this item would begin on that day, Monday, 19 December, following the adjournment of the formal meeting in Conference Room 5 (NLB), and would be coordinated by Mr. Olivio Fermín (Dominican Republic).
Flora C. Eufemio Philippines
Information Technology Services Division
The law amending certain laws in the area of protection against domestic violence reacts to certain persisting problems in the field of domestic violence, which failed to be addressed by introduction of criminal prosecution of domestic violence offenders in 2004.
And if defaults on loans to corporations are widespread, as these organizations predict, the implications for the banks could be dire.
Amended Migrant Workers and Overseas Filipino Act;
A/60/PV.72, 80 and 81
Reconfiguration of the Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods into a Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods and on the Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals
3. Cultural rights
26 Feb. 98
Both sexes have grey wings with black primaries and a white speculum .
The situation is similar at local levels of governance and in municipal governments.
Elections
(a) Urge Member States to safeguard principles of international humanitarian law and human rights law in their responses to security threats;
Policy development
From a military perspective how do self-destruct mechanisms affect the flexibility of forces.
A negotiated settlement should be found with the full involvement of the Kashmiri people.
Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review
The Secretariat in recent months has faced numerous calls for greater efficiency, improved accountability and better management.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 30 and 31 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
All this enables the organization to address focused and variable demand on an ongoing basis, through multiple channels, and in a coordinated fashion.
This is a traditional shot of a fuel rod glowing underwater.
Extension 2nd one-year Two-year
Four days after the Burma cyclone there is wretchedly little hard information about the victims.
The incumbent would certify mission expenditure; act as principal adviser to the Special Representative on matters pertaining to administrative and technical support; plan, organize, implement, manage and oversee the activities of logistical and administrative support operations; provide effective management of the human, financial and material resources of the mission; liaise, negotiate and coordinate with national authorities with respect to administrative and logistical matters; ensure cooperation and integration of administrative and logistical resources; ensure the development, preparation, coordination and monitoring of overall workplans, strategies and programmes for the administrative and logistical support activities of the mission; take the lead in securing the required human and financial resources for the mission; and establish a set of sound policies, procedures practices, standards and tools consistent with United Nations rules and regulations in order to ensure proper budgetary, accounting, financial and human resources management and control.
The strategy involves upgrading the skills of our people to make them competitive and marketable in international labour markets.
Tax benefits for dependant children were introduced in 1998.
The increase of $154,500 under post resources relates to the delayed impact of one Professional post (P-5) established in the biennium 2004-2005.
They had been tethered too long to regain the use of their limbs in a moment.
2. Welcomes the activities related to the implementation of the International Decade for Action, "Water for Life", 2005 - 2015, undertaken by Member States, the Secretariat and the organizations of the United Nations system, inter alia, through inter-agency work, as well as contributions from major groups, and emphasizes the importance of country-level implementation of the Decade;
Role-playing to prepare for typical interview questions is really important True.
144. The Government formed after the parliamentary elections set up the National Commission on Parliamentary Electoral Law (Statute 58 of 8 August 2005) and charged it with preparing a new draft electoral law within a period of five months.
Of particular concern is the physical security and psychological well-being of the internally displaced persons, including a large number of children, trapped in an increasingly limited area of the Mullaitivu district, which has become the main theatre of operations.
Expenditure
The Council heard a briefing by H.E. Mr. Johan Løvald, Permanent Representative of Norway and Chairman of the Burundi configuration of the Peacebuilding Commission.
Under the inter-ministerial procedure for reviewing applications for licences to export dual-use items, all applications for licences to export items listed in Council Regulation (EC) No. 1334/2000 (replaced by Council Regulation (EC) No. 428/2009 of 5 May 2009) are denied.
24. The Executive Board notionally set aside an initial $100 billion for this facility.
Letter dated 5 June 2012 from the President of the Security Council to the Secretary-General
Each stage will correspond to a set of specific Government-approved measures.
Tsubasa o Kudasai
Local authorities highlighted city-to-city cooperation through the CityNet Asia programme, and city forums for stakeholder discussions on local Agenda 21s.
Nukaga, the head of Japan's Defense Agency, says Tokyo also wants to work with the United States on building a surveillance radar network, presumably to improve monitoring of North Korean military activities.
She was not totally pleased with the compromise deal but says it will help the economy.
When Monkeys draw near to you, move slowly and quietly and keep some distance from them:
We deeply appreciate your efforts at encouraging a substantive and serious peace process between Pakistan and India, which would address all issues, including the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir, in a just and equitable manner.
' 'Thank you,Dr Mortimer.Good morning
This is racing, this is what we want.
MYSTERIOUS and melancholy, with the exotic airs of the Black Sea suffusing its stones, Odessa defies categorisation.
She had a yeast-type growth in her intestines that prevented food from being metabolized correctly.
Since 1949, the state has adopted special policies and measures to assist and support the economic development and social progress of the ethnic minority areas in the aspects of capital, technology and personnel.
33 GTK Boxer FüFz
Friday, 23 November 2012, from 15:00 to 18:00, in Conference Room A (NLB).
Report of the Secretary-General
Membership of the International Forum on Forests of the Commission on Sustainable Development
The enzyme has no effection on raffinose, but could hydrolyze inulin and partially hydrolyzed sucrose.
546. The Rural Development Programme 2000-2006 (RDP) was a major 5-year policy initiative involving Pound80 million of EU and Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (DARD) assistance to develop rural areas with a focus on disadvantage.
You can then look for new ones to add to your collection.
E:mail: knewmeyer@oas.org
Mongolia
It was noted that the progress achieved by the working group in its deliberations would be reflected in the rolling text of the revised draft terms of reference, the revised draft guidelines and the revised draft blueprint.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Almería
B. Employment and decent work
When that work is all completed, He will gently call you Home; Oh , the rapture of that meeting, Oh, the joy to see you come !
Kyrgyzstan
Participants in the Providers' Forum also agreed that:
31. Like all other United Nations Member States, Luxembourg was not above criticism, and its international commitment to the promotion and protection of human rights did not obviate the need for it to make the same efforts at home that it expected of others.
In any event, it is significantly easier for persons in civil-service work relationships to take action against discrimination without losing their jobs.
5. Strongly encourages the United Nations to address more systematically the protection of civilians and other humanitarian issues with regional organizations, in accordance with their respective mandates, inter alia through continued dialogue;
In the meantime, the Vice-Chairman undertook to consult with delegations and the High Commissioner on the title of the theme.
New Orleans international airport plans to resume some commercial flights Tuesday as the city continues its slow recovery from Hurricane Katrina.
Referring with appreciation to the World Youth Report 2005, she said that in Uganda the participation of young people in decision-making was ensured at all levels, including the family, the community, schools and Parliament.
Karen Russell
Israel's grave assaults on the Al-Aqsa mosque can only have a direct and serious impact on international peace and security.
visual inspection of the animal carcass and offal;
 The strategic planning function will help facilitate organizational goals, strategies and plans and will develop organization planning.
The State party should investigate promptly, thoroughly and impartially all incidents of death in custody and provide adequate compensation to the families of victims.
Campogalliano
In recent years, more than 110 countries register every year, and as of 2004, 170 countries had registered at least once.
We used a winch to hail the car from the ditch.
(iii) Affected vehicles on Victoria Road southbound will be diverted via Cadogan Street, Catchick Street, Smithfield, Pok Fu Lam Road, Mount Davis Road and Victoria Road.
This is the basic researching framework of this paper.
When submitting future budget proposals and performance reports, include information on the most significant management decisions relating to the mission's budget and its implementation, including those related to operational costs (para. 2).
(q) "Standstill period" means the period starting from the dispatch of a notice as required by article 21 (2) of this Law, during which the procuring entity cannot accept the successful submission and during which suppliers or contractors can challenge, under chapter VIII of this Law, the decision so notified;
You can either use the prebuilt images from his site or create one from scratch with the scripts.
(b) What ways are there to promote closer collaboration between relevant entities in the public sector and the private sector in developing and implementing preventive and reactive measures in combating the misuse of technology in the abuse and exploitation of children?
Bankers said investors’ exit from commodities was due to a combination of concerns about weakening global economic growth; an attempt to lock in gains from earlier record price rises, and fears that large price volatility could lead to big losses.
Answer incoming calls , greeting incoming visitors, arrange couriers to collect and dispatch out going mails.
As we stepped into a pitch—black hole, I nearly fell over as my feet stepped on legs, arms and women’s bodies crouched together so tightly on the wet earth that no space was left for standing.
Report of the Secretary-General on the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (General Assembly resolution 56/115 and Council decision 2002/265)
Through the joint work programme with the Global Mechanism, a thematic fact sheet, two joint press releases, two joint newsletters, two exhibitions and two information products were produced.
7. Expresses its grave concern at:
We are ready to believe such commitment at the moment, whatever change may happen afterwards.
Vasectomy through awareness programmes is progressively becoming a viable option.
He hopes to obtain your guidance and help in finding a good apartment to live.
(before recosting)
The Committee notes that since its inception there have been five judgements of the Trial Chambers resulting in eight sentences, one judgement pending and two ongoing ones.
instruments; human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
W: I am so glad to hear of your ready agreement
The car includes air - conditioning among its options.
Summary record of the 23rd meeting
Recalling further the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women
You should really talk to your roommate about that.
The opportunities have been seen mainly in the contribution such flows could make to the financing of development.
We believe that positive momentum ought to be used in the best possible manner to establish equitable and comprehensive peace in this region.
The Executive Board elected the following members of the Bureau for 2008:
Tessin bei Boizenburg
51. From June 2000 to February 2001, some 12,000 Colombians crossed into Ecuador.
6. Further urges Member States to utilize Islamic Banking facilities and services available in the Member States.
The Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh does not consider as binding upon itself the provisions of article 2 and 16(1)c, as they conflict with sharia law based on [the] Holy Koran and Sunna.
Outstanding achievements have been obtained at 20 maquila firms by training 413 women social advocates who work to humanize the assembly line, act as lobbyists vis-à-vis the firm, and refer other women to mechanisms that can deal with their problems.
It was fundamentally wrong for countries to presume that their systems of justice — adopted to reflect their specific needs and social values — were universally valid.
This paper described the basic concept of the technique for the modeling of coupled vibro - acoustic system.
Various university activities: Seminar on International Humanitarian Law, Yaoundé (1997); Legal issues in French-speaking countries, Kinshasa (1991); International Conference of French-speaking Faculties of Law and Political Science, Vice-Chairman for Africa (1987-1991).
Reports from the CEDAW consultations indicated that some girls felt intimidated by male teachers, which deterred them from school.
Moreover, a rights-based approach protects the legitimate interests of those seeking to benefit from technological advancements.
E. Adoption of the report
In the conclusions of the Chair adopted by the Conference of the Parties, Parties were called upon to further facilitate the ongoing implementation of decision 23/CP.18, including through enhanced capacity-building of women delegates, and to nominate both women and men delegates for funding from the trust fund for participation in the Convention process in order to promote gender balance in national delegations.
When they deem it necessary or possible, they will now have competence to try any suspected pirate captured by French naval forces.
Amphibolite Point
Ministry of Labour and Home Affairs 45.9
The list of documents before the Meeting is contained in annex II.
Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects
But the evidence is unmistakable.
Specific measures have been taken to ensure that women with pregnancy and delivery complications and women from vulnerable groups are able to deliver under the supervision of specialized medical doctors and significant gains have been made in reducing the maternal mortality rate.
TOL - Technical Cooperation Trust Fund for the Provision of Junior Professional Officers (financed by the International Organization of the Francophonie) which was established in 2004 with no fixed expiry date;
For those blessed by Him will inherit the land, But those cursed by Him will be cut off
Response to paragraph 16 of the list of issues and questions
In its commentary to the draft article, the Commission stated that that duty was based on the principle of due diligence and States' obligation to actively protect human rights.
It also recalls that, even if there exists a consistent pattern of gross, flagrant or mass violations of human rights in the State of origin, it must nevertheless be established whether the complainant would "personally" be in danger of being subjected to torture upon his return to his country.
She noted that in some cases funds were written-off, however, that was not a misuse of money rather it was a question of documentation.
Lord, will I ever? No , nigger, never!
Organizational programme, operations and management policies, procedures and tools are reviewed and revised to reflect evolving strategies, to incorporate lessons learned, and to adopt best practices.
(c) The OAS Secretariat, through its Department of International Law, had been specifically instructed "to promote among member states further development of private international law, in collaboration with agencies and organizations engaged in this area, among them UNCITRAL, the Hague Conference on Private International Law, and the American Association of Private International Law."
The parties will continue to build their strategic cooperation and make efforts to strengthen the role of the Organization in safeguarding regional security, confronting common threats and challenges, and promoting cooperation in the economic and humanitarian spheres.
20. Ms. Osman (Sudan) asked for clarification on the best way to take into account the difficulties least developed countries faced in international efforts to face the current financial crisis.
Sarah made a menacing gesture with her fist.
The sale of alcohol is restricted in Britain
The foregoing shall not apply if the State contributed by its own conduct to the error or if the circumstances were such as to put that State on notice of a possible error;
The Committee once again decided to remind all Member States of their obligations under Security Council resolution 1171 (1998), in particular paragraph 5.
Information processing and compilation of report on archaeological excavations should be completed within three years upon completion of the excavation projects of the archaeological excavation units.
Security Council resolution 1747 (2006) Implementation by Austria
Throughout the reform process, the Republic of Korea has maintained a consistent position and one that we should like to reaffirm on this occasion.
 Our action expressed our belief that it is possible to move beyond the abstract into discussion and negotiations on concrete proposals and we encourage others to do the same.
UMIT attends to set up medical informatics specialty in Heibei Software Institute.
A call to action is a must -- legally, politically, socially and individually!
In this regard, the Committee also draws the attention of the State party to the guidelines on development-based evictions and displacements prepared by the Special Rapporteur on adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living (A/HRC/4/18).
He adds that, as stated in the report on which the extradition request was based, he had withdrawn from the plan to import cocaine.
In addition, a common factor underlying the slowdown in many industrial countries was the cyclical deceleration in investment spending.
10. The delegation highlighted the completion of the review under chapters 3 (Criminalization and Law Enforcement) and 4 (International Cooperation) of the United Nations Convention against Corruption (UNCAC) by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC).
Spain
This reflects the overwhelming evidence that punitive approaches have no public health basis, violate fundamental human rights and undermine efforts to respond effectively to HIV.
 Fifthly, regarding participation in conferences, the review will need to examine in depth such issues as access to documentation, submission of inputs and facilitation of Government/non-governmental organization dialogues.
Continue to support the application of new and advanced technologies and promote transition to a knowledge-based economy
:: The most vulnerable households and individuals receive appropriate safety net transfers
[EXT] CCPR (Memorial; AGORA; International Youth Human Rights Movement; Civil Assistance)
Further, there should be research on the human rights aspects of civil life so that effective policy can be formulated.
[Adopted by a recorded vote of 28 to 10, with 9 abstentions.
Linkages between migration and development
7. The national strategy for the promotion and protection of human rights is currently under preparation.
(closed)
In India, women's self-help groups significantly contribute to improving the living conditions of poor households and the surrounding environment by creating "Kitchen Gardens", where women cultivate fruits, flowers and vegetables around their homes for consumption and sale.
The General Secretariat is collecting Country Terrorism Situation Reports from NCBs that depict the current terrorism situation in their country.
She looked at the blue sky overhead with more realisation of its charm than had ever come to her before.
Lee Sung-jae
Gender mainstreaming: advocates for women's rights in constitutional processes, legal reform and policymaking, supports regional organizations in engendering policy and planning processes.
What is the departure time of your flight?
The Committee was assured that these urgent health, safety and security-related repairs are separate to issues related to the strategic heritage plan and do not anticipate any actions or decisions thereon.
The Government should also supply statistics that illustrated the differences between rural and urban dwellers in all significant socio-economic aspects.
Central African Republic
8. Illiteracy rate in Africa was 45 per cent in 1995, while Latin America and the Caribbean had a lower rate of 13 per cent for the same year.
2005 The world supply chain summit conference soon convenes
The strategy was developed with technical support from UNFPA, also working in partnership with the Population Council to develop an Adolescent Girls Initiative programme in support of the Government's efforts to deal with teenage issues.
59. A final suggestion for the amendment of the statutes relates to an issue also raised in the previous report of the Internal Justice Council, that is, the need to consult the Presidents of the Dispute Tribunal and the Appeals Tribunal when the budget is being prepared (see A/65/304, para. 48).
Without professional and independent legal advice, they are less likely to appreciate and be able to weigh the benefits and risks of settlement versus litigation.
33. Some members held the view that, should the General Assembly decide to reduce the base period to three years, that change should be phased in gradually to avoid excessive fluctuations in the next scale of assessments.
In 2005, the General Assembly adopted resolution 60/89, recommending that the Secretary-General implement the relevant recommendations of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the decisions of the Board of Trustees of the Institute (recommending that costs of the core staff of the Institute should be funded from the regular budget of the United Nations) and continue to seek ways to increase the funding of the Institute, within existing resources.
Come, you shall leave this woman.
IV. Strengthen global leadership and accountability
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping
20 December 2004
List of respondents to the questionnaire CACFish
We also welcome the Ambassadors of Brazil, China, Japan, Norway and the Russian Federation to the Conference on Disarmament.
Realize Semiconductor MES system will be an added advantage.
He would have liked to have Marius understand, and Marius did not understand, which made the goodman furious
1.4 These new challenges will require principals to take on new leadership roles in quality development and quality assurance.
32. Colombia was gratified that UNIFEM had established networks of women in favour of peace in various countries of the world, particularly in Africa, which had been hard hit by war.
The students will then choose a research field according to their interests, and will be granted graduation certificate after earning the required credits.
The Ministers in particular strongly condemned the indiscriminate and massive Israeli air strikes and shelling on Lebanese towns and villages in 2006 targeting civilians, civil infrastructure and private properties which constitute a serious breach of the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, international law and international humanitarian law, and blatant and flagrant violations of human rights.
Accordingly, the seat shall be allocated to a national of an African State at the forthcoming election.
FAO
E/ESCAP/70/15
Olympic gold medalists for Vietnam
216. By an Order of 27 November 2002, the Court, after the President had been informed of the view of the parties on the composition of the chamber and had reported to the Court, decided to accede to the request of both parties that it should form a special chamber of five judges and formed a Chamber of three Members of the Court together with the two judges ad hoc chosen by the parties, as follows: President Guillaume, Judges Rezek and Buergenthal, and Judges ad hoc Torres Bernárdez (chosen by Honduras) and Paolillo (chosen by El Salvador).
(b) To identify new areas of cooperative efforts, including the efficient production of population programme commodities and the fair-cost delivery of services.
And the best way to meet these goals is for America to continue leading the way toward the development of cleaner and more efficient technology.
14. In three of the missions, UNOMIG, UNOMIL and MINURSO, the budget performance reports disclosed unencumbered balances totalling $33.9 million, while the financial statements disclosed a lower figure of $14.2 million.
Moreover, people who live in the heartland of America have little contact with other linguistic groups, making foreign language skills irrelevant.
They voiced concern about the cost and the scope of the powers that would be granted the Treasury department.
The Decision reads in part, "these acts represent a forceful and unilateral secession of a part of the territory of the Republic of Serbia, and therefore are null and void.
48. Pursuant to paragraph 7 of General Assembly resolution 65/165, and in line with focus areas 1, 2 and 3 of the medium-term strategic and institutional plan for the period 2008-2013, UN-Habitat has continued its existing cooperation on issues related to cities and climate change and has continued to play a complementary role in matters related to climate change within the United Nations system, in particular in addressing the vulnerability of cities to climate change.
Also, every item that was created is aimed to relate to environmental protection, from the material to the theme.
He supported the strategy of ensuring that youth concerns were taken into account throughout the Conference preparatory process, as well as the appeals made for contributions to the Trust Fund for Conference preparations.
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned at the disparity in working conditions based on gender and race, despite the State party's initiatives in this area.
52. Regarding Gibraltar's position, the Chief Minister spoke as follows before the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee on 28 November 2001:
Please provide updated information on any prosecutions and convictions under the new article 182 of the Penal Code, which entered into force in December 2006.
The chairman of this parliament is termed the'speaker "
The framework should not replace but rather strengthen the many existing efforts by outlining a comprehensive and coherent approach, with illustrative indicators, possible data sources and linkages to relevant institutionalized mechanisms.
The National Airport Security Programme (published in the Official Gazette of 15 June 1999) establishes the responsibilities of the relevant authorities, the modes of coordination and operation of the National Airport Security Committee, security controls for airports and aeroplanes and procedures for dealing with cases of illegal interference.
We are also witnessing the effects of climate change and environmental degradation.
Due note had been taken of relevant developments, as detailed in document IDB.21/24, in particular the introduction of new service modules whose main objective was to respond fully to the needs of recipient countries.
Time tames the strongest grief.
 The Ministers expressed the view that global problems cannot be dealt with successfully unless international institutions, including the United Nations, are strengthened, which will not happen in the absence of broad public support.
Approved at EB 18
45. International Day of Peace
(b) The arrest of rebel leaders from the Ituri District of the Democratic Republic of the Congo - Germain Katanga, commander of the Force de résistance patriotique en Ituri, and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui, former leader of the National Integrationist Front and Colonel in the Congolese National Army - and their transfer to the International Criminal Court;
We would like in this respect to reaffirm our position regarding the non-applicability of Security Council resolution 713 (1991) to the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the need to apply, effectively, various measures aimed at preventing the flow of military equipment to the Bosnian Serbs.
Morning2 6419th meeting (closed) Security Council Chamber GA-TSC-01
9. Integrated management information system
Bone loss is often presented in the revision of total hip arthroplasty.
The Committee of the Whole would have to discuss the definition of war crimes, focusing on the outstanding issues he had mentioned, and further informal talks would also be needed.
According to the Constitution, Panamanian national is acquired:
“1. In exceptional circumstances, in the context of a mission the competent authorities of the State Party concerned may make representations to the Subcommittee or its delegation against a particular visit.
49. Kuwait attached special importance to economic development, not least for its impact on other aspects of sustainable development.
Recalling General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations concerning the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular General Assembly resolution 54/92 of 6 December 1999,
Mike, come and at this painting of shrimps! It is so simple yet so vivid!
In India, by contrast, the underdevelopment of the industrial sector has kept the country from realizing its full economic potential.
Before July 2012, Venezuela will submit its third report under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights; its nineteenth, twentieth and twenty-first consolidated report under the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination; its fourth report under the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment; and, its third, fourth and fifth report under the Convention on the Rights of the Child, all of which are in the process of review for submission to the relevant committees.
Virtual Development Academy gender course completed by 100+ middle managers - 2007.
Thank you, but we are not allowed to drink on duty.
Despite official assertions to the contrary, Israel's actions are serving to expand and deepen the humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip and are making the daily lives of Palestinian civilians especially difficult.
(b) No change.
The only exception to this is when you are preparing a resume specifically written to appeal to a single individual who you are absolutely certain would be fascinated in your piloting license or passion for golf. Even then, be careful, you never know where your resume will be passed
Sustainable development
"12. Underlines the important contribution of the commodities sector to rural development, in particular to providing rural employment and income, and to the efforts for achieving food security;
The Integrated Pension Administration System project is a major capital project for the Pension Fund and, as such, table 2 highlights the split between the estimated expenditure of the Integrated Pension Administration System project and non-Integrated Pension Administration System projects for the biennium 2010-2011.
320. The SPT recommends that:
The External Audit was informed that number of complaints had increased due to additional reporting mechanism introduced during 2009 and enhanced awareness among staff members and other stakeholders.
The General Assembly,
Our main concern today must be how to overcome our immobility and embark upon a process of renewal.
It has also been observed that some parties wishing to avail themselves of mediation services approach other services simultaneously, such as the Ethics Office, the Office of Internal Oversight Services or the Conduct and Discipline Units, which could pose a challenge in managing expectations.
Democrats Criticize Bush Iraq Policy.
 There will be a meeting of co-sponsors (and potential co-sponsors) of the draft resolution entitled Transparency in Disarma-ment on Monday, 28 October 1996, at 12.30 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
I'm lonely as everything in birth
Israel calls upon the Palestinian leadership and regimes such as that of Syria, which brazenly continue to sponsor and glorify acts of terrorism, to genuinely renounce this strategy, and to take concerted action to disarm and de-legitimize terrorist groups operating freely in their territory, in accordance with international obligations.
In conclusion, his delegation wished to pay special tribute to all the men and women who, as United Nations peacekeepers, had sacrificed their lives for the sake of peace.
Admission of the Sudan as a member of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia Taking into consideration paragraph 2 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1818 (LV) of 9 August 1973 concerning the terms of reference of the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia, which provided that members of the Commission should consist of the States Members of the United Nations situated in Western Asia that called on the services of the then United Nations Economic and Social Office in Beirut, and that future applications for membership by Member States should be decided on by the Council upon the recommendation of the Commission,
While capacity building continued to be the major thrust of operational activities, special attention will be given to its full integration into UNCTAD's operational activities.
 Our policies and measures are directed towards environmentally sound development.
Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench in the center of the greenhouse.
Smith: I anticipate the amount is a little top, can't you abate it?
They were the epicenter of none - stop nation - wide virtual shag there.
The Millennium Declaration has as one of its goals the elimination of weapons of mass destruction. We believe that peace and development are intertwined and interrelated.
model on the catwalk in 2005. inquiry Monday aimed at establishing health guidelines for supermodels in the wake of an international controversy over super-skinny "size-zero" models.
They can also facilitate better global and regional interaction among the various stakeholders, including international intergovernmental organizations.
Tori Parish
Attempts were made to dismantle militia groups and approximately 8,000 were announced to have been disbanded.
Through their day-to-day work with the forests, family forest owners are in a unique position to continuously learn about and understand the complex dynamics of forest management.
Draft Tung Chung Town Centre Area Outline Zoning Plan approved (24.04.2009)
5. Election of the officers of the Main Committees (P.5).
Existing domestic legislation contains guarantees, such as stays of executions and interim administrative measures as provided for by administrative law, which can be invoked to effect to obtain suspension of deportation orders.
5 April 2005
The schedule below is tentative; up-to-date information can be obtained
The mechanism of hydrocarbon generation in carbonate rocks are studied by step heating extraction and simulation.
A Hong Kong Court has sided with apple but the company has had a harder time getting what it sees as a fair hearing in courts on the mainland.
Then the new vascular structure supports increase blood flow, and that happens as a function of exercise.
Cation exchange capacity and equilibria isotherm at 25 ℃ were determined.
To celebrate, officials in Tibet have designated Saturday March 28 th as Serf Liberation Day.
A newspaper half jested: Had alcohol not already killed him, this would surely drive him to drink.
March 2005
To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding.
22 Oct 2007
1. Calls upon the administering Power to continue to work with the Territory for its socio-economic development;
As medical knowledge evolves, beliefs change.
She had the same reaction as when I suggested we go to Dave &amp;Buster's restaurant and video arcade for our anniversary. "Fine, " she sighed.
Report of the Secretary-General on the role of criminal law in the protection of the environment (Council resolution 1996/10, para. 9)
(iii) Steering Committee of the Energy Efficiency 21 Project:
' And the Lord said to him, 'How'
The performance of this transformation may improve if the tables and indexes it uses are located on the local computer.
35. United Nations personnel continued to operate under difficult conditions, facing various threats related to armed conflict, high rates of crime and civil unrest.
X.1.01 The GM is an effective partner on financing for the UNCCD in international dialogues, partnerships and strategy development for servicing the Convention and its Parties.
13-17 April 2015
In addition, UNOTIL military advisers conducted regular patrols in the districts of Oecussi, Bobonaro and Covalima, to monitor and report on the border situation and the relationship between the Unit and Indonesian security agencies.
In the end product the green plum fruit process protects the color, calcification processing.
In certain countries, women from minority groups and women affected by poverty and social inequalities are particularly vulnerable and exposed to enforced disappearances.
Oceans and Coastal Areas Network
This decision is welcome, and stronger efforts are needed for its full and timely realization.
29. At KFOR headquarters on 15 December, the KFOR Commander, Lieutenant General Fabio Mini, briefed the Mission on the security situation and the main tasks and challenges of the international security presence.
Upon the proposal of the President, the General Assembly decided to request the Secretariat to issue a consolidated and updated list (see annex) of candidates reflecting all the information received since the issuance of the original list, thus facilitating the election for all representatives.
34. The principal militias involved in the conflict in Ituri are: UPC, led by Thomas Lubanda, the Parti pour l'unité et la sauvegarde de l'intégrité du Congo (PUSIC), led by Khawa Mandro, the Forces populaires pour la démocratie au Congo (FPDC), an Alur and Lugbara political party led by Thomas Unen Chen, the Front
 A proposal has been presented by the Southern African Development Community (SADC) Organ on Politics, Defence and Security, subscribed by the Heads of State and Government of 11 countries, for the Security Council to adopt measures:
Territorial budget
Wednesday, 26 September 2007, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Sr Env Protection Insp(Regional E)24
Please tell me the procedure for opening a savings account.
Which size of the shoes do you wear?
the Security Council Chamber, in connection with the agenda item "Women and peace and security".
What is common to both sets of women, and all the women in between, is that they are still charged with primary responsibility for caregiving – for children, parents, and other family members – in a system that devalues and provides little support for the care work they do.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 4 October 2002, at 3 p.m.
Informal "informal" consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/65/L.23, entitled "International migration and development" (under agenda item 22 (c)) (convened by the delegation of Suriname)
PART TWO FOLLOW-UP TO GENERAL ASSEMBLY RESOLUTION 50/227 OF
19 November 1997
The hand that held my wrist Was battered on one knuckle; At every step you missed My right ear scraped a buckle
2. Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs: election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council: letter from Portugal (A/56/467) [15 (b)]
It also reminded all Governments of the total number of outstanding cases remaining before it and, when requested, retransmitted the summaries of those cases or the diskettes containing those summaries to them.
A desire for “change” is a common refrain of the American debate, but it is far from the only one.
15. While acknowledging the establishment of an equal opportunities, antidiscrimination and social assistance department within the Ministry of Labour and Social Policy and a national council on gender equality within the Council of Ministers, the Committee notes the lack of information provided on how the national machinery works for the protection of women's rights and, especially, on how it monitors the situation of women in all areas covered by the Convention.
laboratory glassware . borosilicate glass tubing.
Of the 44 States whose ratification is necessary for the Treaty to enter into force, 21 have deposited their instruments of ratification and 3 have not yet signed the Treaty.
1654 (XVI) The situation with regard to the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
to follow the guidance of Deng Xiaoping Theory and the thought of Three Represents Keeping up with the times is the most prominent hallmark in the new period Economic strength increased substantially
or above to view and print these documents.
This is important because PocketCaster streams the video to servers using the quickest wireless network available -- choosing from the usual alphabet soup of services that handle data to and from your phone like EDGE, EVDO, UMTS and HSDPA, but also WiFi if it's available, as the handset has a wireless chip inside.
1. To raise the priority accorded to the prevention and control of NCDs in global, regional and national agendas and internationally agreed development goals, through strengthened international cooperation and advocacy
Based on the current situation , we are not too optimistic.
We will be able to detect the use of bots and other cheating mechanisms in the poll, and those votes will be thrown out of the final tally.
She was born of humble parentage.
People finder sites are designed, as the name claims, to help people find other people.
This revealed there to be 14 types of nose, with classifications ranging from ‘fleshy’ to ‘celestial’.
While in 2002 Internet penetration in developed economies was 10 times higher than in developing economies, in 2006 it was six times higher.
This high power thin film attenuator series exhibit excellent high frequency characteristics.
Women are among those most vulnerable to the impacts of unsustainable practices and climate change, because they often have no independent income or land rights.
One cannot presume the effectiveness of only a single framework for crisis prevention, crisis management and capital market development, however.
This trait is not likely to be a dominant one but is part of your personality.
- Why does Nessie rarely surface?
Noting the determination expressed by China, France, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America at the meeting held in Washington, D.C., from 27 to 29 June 2012 to renew their efforts, with relevant parties, to achieve a treaty banning the production of fissile materials for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices at the earliest possible date in the Conference on Disarmament,
"Recalling its resolutions 52/200 of 18 December 1997, 53/185 of 15 December 1998, 54/220 of 22 December 1999, 55/197 of 20 December 2000, 56/194 of 21 December 2001 and 57/255 of 20 December 2002 and Economic and Social Council resolutions 1999/46 of 28 July 1999, 1999/63 of 30 July 1999 and 2000/33 of 28 July 2000,
Growth in the Asian-Pacific region will play the most important role in reaching that target.
Distinct criteria developed to categorize existing programmes and activities according to their ability to provide comparable data, using for example, established quality assurance and quality control procedures;
This would also contribute to streamlining efforts and optimizing the use of scarce resources.
They would have areal doomsday clock the counted down each shrinkage of the binary's orbital period.
However, the existing statutory and tax regime permits the creation of hidden reserves, which the law encourages as a means of providing finance and avoiding undue variations in dividends.
The State party should continue its efforts to improve prison conditions, in particular by maintaining an appropriate prison occupancy rate.
In the education and health sectors, greater attention will need to be directed in the coming years towards improving quality and strengthening local capacity.
Language is concrete, no less so than speaking.
Perpetual Calendar
Increasing resources devoted to the prevention and early resolution of disputes would, it was thought, result in significant downstream savings for, and ensure the more efficient functioning of, the formal justice system.
UNEP/MAP was also significantly involved in coordinating the regional response to oil pollution caused by a damaged power utility near Beirut in June 2006.
The adoption by the Nuclear Suppliers Group of an exception to its rules allowing nuclear supplies to be sent to India despite the absence of International Atomic Energy Agency full-scope safeguards for its country can be seen as a constructive element.
Abstract prepared by Andrey A. Panov
Senior UNICEF managers, practitioners, and external experts had the objective of identifying a policy framework and ways of strengthening programme guidance on minority issues, improving knowledge sharing, and promoting cooperation with international mechanisms and other partners.
Encourages Member States to submit draft resolutions in a more concise, focused and action-oriented form.
:: Encourage steps to improve the capacity to freeze without delay funds and assets linked to terrorism and the sharing of expertise in that regard.
Hard work is essential to success.
In this regard, UNESCO supported the NEPAD secretariat and the African Union Commission in organizing a second meeting of African Ministers of science and technology, which was held in Dakar, from 12 to 17 September 2005.
And when they finally die, they die with a whimper, not with a loud cry.
15a
An effective implementation of humanitarian rules can be achieved by either of these means, as the declaration of 5 December reflects.
(e) Improving post-crash care for road crash victims;
To recover the football market as well as to enable the football clubs to overpass the present difficulty has become an emergent issue to which the football professionals shall offer solutions.
Reclassification ($1,436.58 million)
In order to satisfy the individual and various demand of customer under e-commerce, we establish multi-depot vehicle scheduling with backhauls model.
What courses do you like most, and dislike most?
The provisions on the use of force set out in the Charter were peremptory norms, and necessity could not be invoked to justify their violation.
Individual opinion of Committee member Mr. Fabián Omar Salvioli (partially dissenting)
So those who once committed or attempted aggression against her yell at the top of their voices that Tibet is being invaded; others who once deprived the people of this region of all personal freedom shout that the human rights of the people there are being infringed.
; [16.It'll give you real class. 17.No home should be without this book.
Multilateral and bilateral partners with regional and subregional programmes should work closely with the United Nations system, in particular the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA), and the OAU to support initiatives for regional and subregional integration.
● To review our other buying operations in Central and West Africa with a view to withdrawal (other than Angola, these buying offices are limited to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Guinea).
People had always thought of IBM as a high end mainframe player.
7. Also requests the administering Power to continue to support appropriate measures by the territorial Government aimed at promoting growth in commercial fishing and agricultural and other viable activities;
Article 5(2) Obligation of States to issue to ships to which they have granted the right to fly their flag documents to that effect.
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Wednesday, 31 August 2005, at 11 a.m.
It was noted that the implementation of integrated ecosystem approaches called for collaborative, inclusive, incremental and geographically specific management approaches.
27. The Anti-Torture Act provides for the Commission on Human Rights of the Philippines to investigate torture complaints and assist in the prosecution of these complaints.
Finally, roles and responsibilities for setting these targets and monitoring their implementation and impact, including the role and authority of the Resource Efficiency Group, should be clearly explained.
There are now reports that Deschamps away so that he could replace Gerard Houllier at Lyon.
119. It was noted, more generally, that there was a need for all States to develop and harmonize domestic laws and provide a legal basis to address current challenges in regard to maritime security and safety.
They circled over all regions of Lebanon before leaving at 1230 hours over Alma al-Sha`b.
This problem is today still as widespread and as acute as it was before, despite the relief measures undertaken by some creditors.
2015 in Turkish sport
[28 June 2012]
169. In practice deputy ministers share the administrative and political running of the ministry, as there are so many tasks that ministers cannot possibly deal with everything for which they are responsible.
(a) Provide an update on information on alternatives to ozone-depleting substances in various sectors and subsectors, and differentiating between parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 and parties not so operating, considering regional differences, and assessing whether such alternatives are:
vii
For the past three years, the Parties to Protocol V had been embarked on the implementation of an ambitious framework set up to facilitate exchange of information and cooperation and assistance on issues relevant to the implementation of the Protocol, as detailed in the final document of the First Conference of the High Contracting Parties.
One plant also be supplied with Siemens drive systems for the motors the rolling stands.
A newly - developed micro distribution analysis method for trace elements X - ray fluorescence analysis is introduced.
5. Family environment and alternative care
Many tourists come to Hainan every year.
(d) To modify the institutional network in the social sphere and to estimate its activity on the basis of cost-benefit analysis;
Reznak wrung his hands. "N-nine, Magnificence. Foul work it was, and wicked. A dreadful night, dreadful. "
Welcoming the ongoing trend in acknowledging the need for internationally coordinated scientific research stations in Antarctica in order to minimize unnecessary duplication and logistical support facilities,
Hello, Detective Spooner.
In this strategy programme the European Commission announced a number of key actions. Chief among these were the following:
Drunks like talking to the animals.
Stressing the necessity for the full implementation of all relevant Security Council resolutions,
(b) Undertake further measures in conformity with its legislation and with article 4 of the Convention, in addition to the initiatives of the General Prosecutor, to tackle hate speech better on the Internet;
Bin Laden's then-bodyguard claimed to have delivered the dowry.
Argentina intends to try him independently, and the issue of immunity will not be considered in this case.
The French authorities had refused to renew a driving licence because the identity photographs provided by the applicant showed him wearing a Sikh turban.
After breaking the figures down, we found that the company wasn't in such poor financial shape.
19. At the same plenary meeting, the Conference adopted its agenda, as contained in Annex I, and confirmed the Rules of Procedure, as contained in Annex II of the Final Document of the First Conference (CCW/P.V/CONF/2007/1).
Such manipulation is contrary to the Agency's Statute.
So is Pasadena, with its Rose Parade each New Year's Day. So are the coastal cities of Santa Monica and Malibu, where people like to ride surfboards on the Pacific Ocean waves.
Association football clubs by country and city
It gives no constitutional status to the internationally proclaimed rights and liberties inasmuch as they are not also enshrined in our own Constitution, but it requires the provisions of the latter to be interpreted in accordance with the contents of those treaties and agreements; thus, in a way, those contents in practice become the constitutionally declared content of the rights and freedoms set out in part I, chapter 2, of our Constitution...." (Constitutional Court, decision No. 36/1991, 14 February).
You will be in Chicago some little time, won't you
Friday, 14 November 2014, from 13:15 to 14:30, in Conference Room A.
The shining and gleaming glassware engenders a feeling of cleanliness.
1. Where the applicant elects to contribute a reserved area to carry out activities pursuant to article 9 of annex III to the Convention, the area covered by the application shall be sufficiently large and of sufficient estimated commercial value to allow two mining operations and shall be configured by the applicant in accordance with regulation 12 (4).
Solar System
The Government of National Unity has addressed both ICAO and UNAMID, inviting them to participate in the investigation of the helicopter crash of 29 September 2008, which was operated by a UNAMID contractor.
10，deca- 十 decacurie 十居里（同位素量），decagram 十克，decaliter 十升，decameter 十米，decanormal 十当量的（溶液浓度单位）。
(a) Rocky Harris (United Kingdom Office of National Statistics):
I consider the eels to be the best quality protein in my line—a very unique flavor of fish, applewood smoke, and a momentary lingering of dark, fall honey.
(g) The same opportunities to participate actively in sports and physical education;
Then I will stress to study the liquidity risk of Chinese open - end fund by empirical way.
It thus plays five basic roles: as an international community of scholars; as a bridge between the United Nations and the international academic and research community; as a think tank for the United Nations; as an instrument for capacity development; and as a platform for dialogue.
In seven months, coca crops had therefore fallen by one third.
Some migrants are reported to have been ill-treated during the deportation procedure.
Subprogramme 1. Policy and analysis
It will also assist the countries of the region in adopting and applying the scientific standards employed internationally for amassing, analysing and disseminating statistical data and indicators, with a view to enabling those countries to formulate economic and social policies and monitor progress towards the achievement of national development objectives.
Distr.: General
The rewards for such achievement are slight by American and Soviet standards.
The basic constructions of higher vocational education is about the basic educational works and teaching links which surround with the higher vocational education purpose.
In the light of these starting points the work plan sets the following objectives:
147. Some delegates welcomed the resumption of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
Print-on-demand versions are available on the General Assembly website (click here), or via the PaperSmart portal (click here).
Compliance Committee
Latin American and Caribbean States:
Accession: 16 September 1983
Certificate of Education Level Taken [ overseas education  allowance  ] .
Today's modern and sophisticated large-phased array radars (LPARs) can serve many functions.
The establishment of the WTO makes UNCTAD's role in this field more indispensable than ever, as can easily be seen from the discussions regarding the implementation of the Uruguay Round agreements.
Roscellinus
Skilled and experienced people bid please.
Registration will continue on Wednesday, 16 November, at the Conference Centre.
50. Examples of initiatives that could fall into this action area are: the 50by50 Global Fuel Economy Initiative, with its many stakeholders (the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), IEA, the International Transport Forum, the FIA Foundation for the Automobile and Society, the International Council on Clean Transportation); the Electric Vehicles Initiative of the Clean Energy Ministerial; the Low Carbon Vehicle Partnership of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; the International Air Transport Association's fuel conservation and efficiency programmes; and the Global Bioenergy Partnership.
Rather, the paper's goal is to identify selected key elements of e-strategies that can be discussed in depth by the experts attending the meeting.
The State party should reinforce its measures to eradicate torture and ill-treatment, ensure that such acts are promptly, thoroughly, and independently investigated, that perpetrators of acts of torture and ill-treatment are prosecuted in a manner commensurate with the gravity of their acts, and that victims are provided with effective remedies, including appropriate compensation.
Rick: You know my girlfriend and I have been together for years.
It is considered to be their electronic signature.
7 meetings and working sessions with officials in the Ministries of Justice and Human Rights, Interior, Defence and National Reconciliation in which advice was given on various human rights issues, notably the resumption of the Government's efforts to establish a National Human Rights Commission and to formulate a National Human Rights Plan of Action
The Secretary-General has taken measures to improve internal controls in the following areas:
The report provides the most comprehensive analysis of FGM/C to date and explores the data from a social norms perspective.
Bietigheim
 Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Executive Director of UNFPA, A/49/189.
Item 5
Eritrean women have the right to choose their profession and employment before and after marriage.
Sixth meeting of the Conference of the Parties.
Opens the Display Properties control panel applet to the Themes tab
Under the regime, a Regulated Agent or an airline operator can recognise a consignor whom it has established business as Known Consignor by:
The worse problem was boredom.
54 G
Member States are invited to indicate such national criteria with their return.
Moreover, the Government does not provide adequate funding for prisons and detention facilities.
16. The Advisory Committee considers the inclusion of logical frameworks for the executive direction and management functions to be a positive step.
78. After an exchange of courtesies, in which Mr. Donokusumo (Indonesia), Mr. Glanzer (Austria), Mr. Tchoulkov (Russian Federation), Mr. Yuan Shaofu (China) and Ms. Figuera (Venezuela) spoke on behalf of the regional groups of States, he declared that the Second Committee had completed its work for the fifty-third session of the General Assembly.
Wall Street, he argued, 'didn't care one bit' what its mortgage practices  the ones that created today's mess  were doing to neighborhoods in Cleveland and around the country.Then came his interesting but odd question: Do you think Wall Street owes the American people an apologyMr
Sustainable Project Management Practice Group
According to Section 23A of the Maltese Criminal Code, where a person is charged with a crime liable to the punishment of imprisonment for a term of more than one year, the provisions of Section 5 of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act apply.
A third expressed the hope that the special information programme would receive sufficient funding and staff to fully implement its mandate.
English is used by businessmen and travelers all over the world.
(d) We recognize the value of developing innovative sources of financing, provided those sources do not unduly burden developing countries.
Such an additional sessional period would be subject to availability of supplementary resources.
In the event that there is no contact group for an agenda item, the SBI recommended that at least the first and the last meetings of the informals may be open to observer organizations, recognizing the right of Parties to keep informal meetings closed.
On the other hand, the point was made that the language of draft principle 6 was prescriptive.
on the other hand, it saves money of government. the government can spend more money on more important projects.2
Everybody's saying, he's not coming home now
Such "cooperating non-member/party" status is often undertaken as an interim step leading to full membership, where this is possible.
Mary says, "She needs me so much right now. I feel so bad."
III. Recommendation
While forensic science has made progress, the impact of medical examinations is undermined by a lack of rigorous implementation, inadequate funding, insufficient training and institutional dependencies.
Number of ballot papers: 172
Angola
Article 18 Entry and exit procedures shall be simplified and conveniences given to the foreign personnel, overseas Chinese and compatriots from Hongkong and Macao entering and leaving the special zones.
8. Noting the commendable support provided by the State party for initiatives to address the particularly high rate of violence against aboriginal women and girls, such as the Sisters in Spirit Initiative, as well as recent efforts taken to share best practices, including through the Policy Forum on Aboriginal Women and Violence held in March 2006, the Committee would like to know whether measures have been taken to gather best practices and lessons learned in a systematic manner.
3. At the same meeting, the Deputy Secretary-General addressed the meeting.
Since that constituted a separate and clearly differentiated question, a separate draft resolution should be adopted.
51. During the general debate of the General Assembly and the high-level meetings, the Department processed about 1,200 media accreditation applications, facilitated 117 photo opportunities with the Secretary-General and various dignitaries and monitored and provided logistics to 47 stakeouts and press conferences and 47 events in the North Lawn Building.
However, the establishment of a systematic and reliable data collection system that can be used by all continues to be a challenge.
The survey shows the importance of raising awareness among caretakers with regard to nutrition, home health care and appropriate feeding practices in addition to the timely introduction of complementary feeding.
The number of parties to the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks (the "United Nations Fish Stocks Agreement") rose to 71, including the European Community, as a result of the accession by Hungary (16 May 2008), Oman (14 May 2008) and Palau (26 March 2008).
 Attention was also given to dealing with radioactive waste, radiation safety and the safety of nuclear installations.
They preferred a non-binding instrument which could be of immediate assistance to States dealing with problems of nationality in relation to the succession of States.
Rafael Jiménez
'We're not as strong as we should be [in many markets], most notably in China, ' Mr. Forster added.
In 2004, SEP launched the third edition of this contest, in which teachers and community instructors of both sexes from the National Council for Educational Development (CONAFE) participated nationwide; 5,980 entries were received and the winners were published.
Under the Convention, a suspect is a person against whom there is sufficient prima facie evidence that he has committed or taken part in the commission of one or more crimes against internationally protected persons.
 10. Myanmar deposited the instrument of accession to the Treaty of Amity and Cooperation in South-East Asia at the twenty-eighth ASEAN Ministerial Meeting held in 1995.
3 vacancies**
Air defence*
Because Canada had a large and very diverse population, of various ethnic origins, it served as a valuable microcosm for other countries, illustrating the problems and opportunities faced by Government and civil society, especially in the age of globalization.
It has been observed that quality infrastructure plays a key role in foreign direct investment (FDI) and export decisions of firms.
His publisher, Punk, was in at the beginning of another key trend, the renaissance of camping.
GNU social
Given the importance of combating crime, and in particular organized crime, the amendments also covered the procedure of election of Special Prosecutor by the Prosecutorial Council.
Page
Rapporteur: Ms. Juliet Hay (New Zealand)
A new study by Greek scientists confirms cigarettes destroy taste buds and deaden the sense of taste.
"It won't happen, " he said bluntly, in response to the Republican proposal.
In response, her Government had taken precautionary measures in order to maintain the necessary facilities and services, and to guarantee decent employment for displaced workers.
Beyond the role we played in its drafting, France is wholeheartedly involved in its implementation.
But now it has become difficult, in part because of my age, so people no longer tell me to keep at it," she said.
Can Mr Obama continue to bash the insurers one day and rely on them the next?
Details regarding actions taken in response to the 2010-2011 recommendations are included in the present report and summarized in annex I.
Afternoon1−6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Experience is the mistress of fools.
Number of Appointed Insurance Agents
What's sad is, you've already lost this round . You just refuse to admit defeat.
Fig4. Why weigh often claims love for his wife in public in such tight shoes?
ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL
A: Yes, a little, but I never drink before driving.
Proposed additional resource requirements for the biennium 2006-2007
Any such suspension shall be limited to a specific and stated purpose and to a period required to achieve that purpose.
These are matters of justice.
After being separated and locked tightly the printing and grooving keeps quite good in position.
295. It is expected that the assessment and determination of the status of field duty stations as family or non-family and the identification of appropriate administrative place of assignment locations could be undertaken within six months of the approval of the proposals by the General Assembly.
 Another reason for fiscal restraint is the belief that government claims on resources have been discouraging business investment.
Although unfavourable blocks could be systematically relinquished over the 15-year time period specified in the draft regulations, it is more likely that explorers will rapidly identify the most favourable sites and that a minimum number of non-contiguous prospective blocks could be established quickly.
(b) All landlocked developing countries should make broadband policy universal;
Prohibition of further production and waste site cleanups could benefit agriculture by decreasing alpha- and beta-HCH soil and water contamination (submitted Annex F information by IPEN, 2008).
I walked over to the bed and reached down to pet Oscar. A paw flew out toward me, and I snatched my hand back.
Fifth, different ways have been used to analyze the position of different 3-DOFtranslational parallel manipulators.
With the membership function between the section feature and the corresponding standard template, the fuzzy distance between the character and the standard template is calculated;
28. The United Nations Meeting of Civil Society in Support of Israeli-Palestinian Peace had taken place on 1 June 2012.
No, not that. We're talking about shut-eye, so crucial we spend more than a quarter of our lives at it.
Paragraphs Page
The Bush administration’s reaction was uncharacteristically blunt, with its call for “Beijing to reconsider the passage of the law'” – a rather directly worded intrusion into what China considers to be an internal matter.
4. Acts and conduct which do not constitute international legal acts in the strict sense of the term I. The existence of unilateral acts of States
The planning for Wan Chai Development Phase II is progressing smoothly.
And though He delayeth His help, and the evil seemeth to grow worse and worse, be not weak, but rather strong, and rejoice, since the most glorious promises of God are generally fulfilled in such a wondrous manner that He steps forth to save us at a time when there is the least appearance of it
Who might that be and why should they be entitled to participate?
For the biennium 2012-2013, UN-Women will pursue two main priorities.
Robust financial management tools were in place, and key bilateral partners had noted the progress made.
Under the São Paulo Consensus (TD/410), paragraphs 59, 93 and 107; Bangkok Plan of Action (TD/386), paragraph 150, in coordination with relevant entities (as mentioned above); financed under the regular budget extrabudgetary resources.
In several jurisdictions, the relevant legislation applied not just to public officials but to all persons who were entrusted with property, including company directors, members and officers, although in some cases the embezzlement of public funds could constitute an aggravating circumstance.
16 February 2011
The rights-based approach alone did not seem to provide answers to these important questions.
93. At the same meeting, a statement was made by the representative of Jamaica (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), after which the Commission adopted the text, as orally revised by the Chairman (see chap. I, sect. C).
Elder sister, you say right paradise at people can die?
Interlagos a track are often really exciting races.
Strip flatness flaw is one of the main problems of quality in strip rolling, so the production process should be permeated with a good understanding of and control on the strip flatness.
By the way, how about the wether of Beijing.
When they first arrive, some criminals are not in the habit of working, or look down on work, so at first they must be more or less forced to engage in productive labour.
Response to paragraph 1.7
As previously stated, Windows allows you to run multiple programs simultaneously, with each window appearing as an individual screen.
1. Takes note of the basic principles on the use of restorative justice programmes in criminal matters annexed to the present resolution;
Tourist arrivals in Guam fell dramatically during 1998 according to preliminary statistics from the Guam Visitors Bureau.
Very high frequency repeaters
Simply make the drive you want to copy files to writeable then drag and drop until it's all done.
One of the reasons for this thoughtlessness is the antiquated water distribution scheme introduced by the Communists, which makes water extremely cheap.
As in Gaza, stability can fast give way to lawlessness, leaving Hamas or Israel to staunch the anarchy.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict [32]: report by the Chair of the Kimberley Process (A/68/___)
The measures of full grazing, dealing with special drug and grazing plus supplementing fodder could improve the meat-ability of Maiwa yak remarkably.
Kazakh Wikipedia
Modest but important adjustments have already been taken to ensure better alignment of UNDP and UNCT programming approaches with country circumstances.
Characters and images written or drawn on silk are called silk manuscripts, which were popular from the Eastern Zhou Dynasty to the Wei and Jin dynasties.
An approved composition of the Steering Committee;
Women accounted for an overwhelming 85 percent of the centenarian population at 24,245, nearly six times more than the number of men, the ministry said in a report.
And if both phones fit into the same cases, there's not much cause for worry in any event.
It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill.
These times will be published at a later date.
They noted that this is supported by the practice of the United Nations and is in accordance with international law pronounced by the International Court of Justice, the principal judicial organ of the United Nations, concerning this question.
At last month's event, auctioneer Mohammed Al-Yousef, a man with a delicate-shaped face and long, tapered fingers, glided onto the stage to the theme music from the movie 'Chariots of Fire.
Economic and social development is not only important in and of itself.
ug microgram m
Tuesday, 6 December 2011, from 4 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room A (NLB).
The Ministry anticipates complementing the DDR programme by offering public works and vocational training opportunities to former combatants.
At the same time, life style changes, including changes in dietary patterns, brought on by rising income and urbanization, will change the composition of demand for food products.
Those options should describe the steps and actions that would have to be taken at the producer, distributor, governmental and Secretariat level to facilitate effective implementation of the system.
The multilateral clean technology fund will stimulate and leverage private sector investment in clean technology in developing countries as those countries fulfil their commitments with respect to limiting greenhouse gas emissions.
The expenditure for the regular programme of technical cooperation, funded under section 21 of the regular budget, together with corresponding amounts of contribution income are also reflected in the technical cooperation financial statement;
The remedies for dismissal on trade union (and other) grounds are strengthened and the Employment Tribunal is given new powers to order re-employment.
Both characteristic quantity of safety grade and its variable are the value obtained from the fuzzy sub-set of safety grade on domain, and are not a definite point.
The research was published in the BMJ (British Medical Journal), which is owned by the British Medical Association.
Room 8
The Methods : Used for the calibration of railway tank volume include geometric method and comparison method.
Pursuant to article 16a, those who are politically persecuted have a right to asylum.
Until the conclusion of a nuclear weapons convention, the nuclear-weapon States must fulfil their obligations under the Treaty and refrain from:
On the afternoon of December 4, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang held a regular press conference and answered questions on the Six-Party Talks, the Iranian nuclear issue, Russian State Duma election, China-US Strategic Economic Dialogue, China-Germany relations and etc.
Special economic zone
The Mission stresses the importance of participation by all communities in the work of elected bodies.
New Zealand supports the key role of the United Nations in providing leadership and coordination of international humanitarian action, especially the role of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
Access letter version of the super-market to increase investment in online-trading program.
6.3 The Committee takes note of the information received from the complainant about the general human rights situation in Bangladesh, in particular recurrent incidents of police violence against prisoners and political opponents.
Botswana
In the 2008-09 school year, around 93% (or 376 out of 406) aided and government secondary schools have students unions.
Which city will the Olympic Summer Games of 2004 return to2004 Greece.
Does laser treat myopic effect how? Can you rebound?
Letter dated 18 October (S/26594) from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General, stating that his letter dated 12 October 1993 (S/26593) had been brought to the attention of the members of the Council and that they agreed to the proposal contained therein.
This puts them de facto at a comparative disadvantage.
United Arab Emirates
Both parties appealed against the judgement.
Those issues must be looked at in the context of the right to housing, which is protected by international treaties, custom and, frequently, domestic law.
The peak of mining began around 1530 with the gold cycle; beginning around 1540 -- the start of the silver cycle -- attempts were made to regulate mining to ensure continued control by the Spanish Crown.
To that end, the Committee on the Rights of the Child, at the end of its consideration of each country report, issues concluding observations that often include a recommendation to seek technical assistance in juvenile justice from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Centre for International Crime Prevention and/or UNICEF, in accordance with article 45 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Winter session
Paragraph 2 implements the Adviser's recommendation that the MOU provide that the troop-contributing country "agree to process such claims in accordance with its laws".
(j) One hundred and twenty-eight United Nations Volunteers with appropriate experience and training will work in support of the substantive functions of the District Administration, including Civil Affairs, Human Rights, Legal Affairs, Information, Public Services, Social Affairs, Agricultural Affairs and various technical support functions.
Although the sky was raining but I still went to the Dielian Park, where everything looked I suddenly saw the emergence of you, I smiled pleased to have you felt so lovely.
Both Governments believe that the delisting and decolonization criteria of the United Nations are anachronistic, and recognize that, under Article 73 e of the Charter, the United Kingdom is obliged to continue to submit annual reports until such time as the General Assembly removes a Territory from its list of Non-Self-Governing Territories.
29 September 1992
The result showed that the synthetic route was a simple valid mothod.
Scarcely had private property in land been introduced than the mortgage was already invented ( see Athens ).
(i) The ratio of local funding to ODA funding in projects is small, raising questions about the capacity of recipient countries to maintain investments once external assistance comes to an end;
IV. IMO publications: ten-year performance record of net sales 1991-2002
As to the methodology to be used for the application of administrative support costs, her delegation reiterated the principle that no administrative support costs should be charged to the regular budget, in accordance with financial regulation 7.2.
The time it took to complete the classification exercise, and to advertise and fill vacant posts, altered the planned expenditures for the first half of 1998, as explained in paragraph 17 of this report.
As for the mortality by population group, health rates show considerable differentiation among urban, semi-urban and rural population.
Second, form money saving habits while stay away from those that waste money.
1. Adoption of the agenda.
But the effort, organized mostly online, has led to a surprising compromise from local government officials.
Mauritius
(9) B.l1: Moulds designed for the production of the tyres identified in 9.A.13.c.
General Assembly resolution 58/153, in removing the time limitation and deciding to " continue the Office until the refugee problem is solved," reaffirmed the need for UNHCR to continue upholding international protection and to raise the profile of refugees on the agenda of the United Nations.
Review of information and communication technology (ICT) hosting services in the United Nations system organizations
On 27 June, presentations and briefings were given, each of which was followed by an exchange of views.
25. The United Nations, including the Department for Disarmament Affairs (UN-DDA), the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR), and the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC), attended the Conference in accordance with rule 44, paragraph 3.
Finally, ten months later, Nixon himself reluctantly became the first American President to resign.
A large majority of delegations included representatives from capitals.
In this context, Belarus also develops space research programmes.
86. The majority of responses received provided information at a very general level.
FIRST COMMITTEE
603. Finally, it was proposed that the next meeting of the Joint Expert Group could be planned in October 2004 on the occasion of the one hundred and seventieth session of the UNESCO Executive Board, or in January 2005, and the subsequent meeting in April 2005 during the thirtyfourth session of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in Geneva.
7. Impact of design status on the reporting of cost estimates
Public housing production in 19751995 accounted for 5.6 million housing units.
7.1 On 27 September 2005, the State party provided its submission on the merits.
Regarding the scope of application and definition, Ecuador proposed that the model treaty should apply from the moment that a requesting State becomes aware that its property was located outside the country of origin.
The estimated provision is based on past spending experience.
He thinks the home office concept is a metaphor for the home office worker.
Offences against the existence or security of the State or the constitutional order/plotting against the State, the constitutional regime or the economic and social order
Clean skin, use before the frost. Daub or cooperate with supersonic wave to channel into directly.
Loutehel
The former president's trial is part of Tunisia's halting attempt to create a modern democracy following a month of protests.
4. In the period between my report of 6 January 1999 (S/1999/16) and the commencement of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's (NATO) military action against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on 24 March 1999, the situation in the UNMOP area of responsibility remained stable and free of significant tension.
No, there's one more name I want to put there.
This could result in staff members being advised, for example, to take action such as divestiture of certain holdings or to recuse themselves from a particular activity.
A critical factor is diverse numbers, Steele now says.
A more effectively functioning General Assembly was thus a prerequisite for establishing a more balanced relationship between the two organs.
Equally important is the recognition that it is necessary to provide from the regular budget the minimum core capacity required in terms of the specialized expertise and secretariat functions needed to deliver the expanded programme of technical assistance.
33. The Special Rapporteur is particularly concerned by the presence of mercenaries fighting alongside rebel forces in Côte d'Ivoire.
They sometimes lost but they usually win.
The EU Police Mission's role is strictly limited to mentoring, monitoring and inspections within SIPA.
Child labour is often sidelined by economic and financial policy because there is no obvious link between the abolition of child labour and economic gain.
 46. During the discussion that followed, the Board stressed the importance of providing clear guidance on the role of the focal points.
Zaire Resolution 1997/58
(a) Decentralizing or localizing the process of nomination, evaluation and verification of submissions at the regional or national levels would be beneficial in several ways.
Two Fourth Brigade border guard posts fired upon from Lebanese territory in an attempted border crossing into Syrian territory
Mu1 Chamaeleontis
11 July 2014
A major purpose of the Workshop is to ensure that population issues are integrated into CSN exercises.
When I was dragged to the myon office, they told me ‘You must go to Japan as you are a draftee.
But Israeli security forces used tear gas to counter several dozen rock-throwing youths at checkpoints near Hebron and Qalandia north of Jerusalem.
The challenge for the international community is to technologically empower the marginalized 4 billion of the world's population so they can participate in and benefit from the ICT revolution.
2. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
Approximately 1,900 children are among the refugees, including those separated from their families during flight.
The guiding principles of the commission would be the pursuit of, inter alia, the right to the truth, respect for the dignity of the victims and their families and respect for cultural diversity.
 An account of the training courses, seminars and workshops organized by the Centre is given in the report of the Secretary-General to the Commission on Human Rights on advisory services in the field of human rights (E/CN.4/1994/78).
Because of the high cost of railway transportations we prefer sea tansportations
Ao Oni
The work on the building site is, in a manner, done already.
The other day Loch said he was going into the house and now that I was ten I could accompany him.
Transport and communications
Fifty-fourth session
B. Central data repository
Fifty-third session
While the Committee is not recommending a reduction at this stage, further savings achieved should be reflected in the performance report for the financial period 2005-2006.
The budget struck a pragmatic balance between basic needs and likely resources.
UNMISS, MINUSMA, the Regional Service Centre and the Global Service Centre did not provide specific information in this regard, although such information had been requested.
They had been young when love was young, and they were wiser than convention and opinion and all the new-born things.
38. MSAs, signed by UNDP with various donors, were all executed by UNOPS.
We have learned five hundred words up to the present
8. Ms. Shin and her two daughters were allegedly detained for the purpose of ensuring Mr. Oh's loyalty.
A. Form of possible principles or guidelines
The Special Rapporteur also considers that the process of granting land rights to indigenous peoples should take account of their habits and customs and ensure, through negotiation, that their interests and ancestral rights are not violated.
8.52 The amount of $2,003,500, reflecting a decrease of $51,900, provides resources for six posts and various non-post items.
But the environment leaves much to be regretted.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Rule 103.2
The accrual basis differs significantly from cash basis of accounting
(b) Election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. Lukiyantsev (Russian Federation) noted that the draft resolution enjoyed the broad support of sponsors from all over the world.
After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of Cuba.
The performance appraisal system reinforces resident coordinator and United Nations accountability for the resident coordinator system.
 Assessment of the implementation of the instructions indicates that implementation is not yet satisfactory.
Because of the complexity of the task of defining low persistent organic pollutant content, its was proposed:
25. At the invitation of the Chairperson, Mr. Rodríguez Banchs (Frente Socialista de Puerto Rico) took a place at the petitioners' table.
"   "Beijing, you are a host to the present and a gateway to the future.
U.S. Salernitana 1919
:: Collaborated with the World Bank in South Africa for the development of a project preparation grant request for the Cape Action for People and the Environment, which was approved (2002)
Booking website: www.cosp4-booking.com
12. Takes note of paragraph 38 of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions with regard to the pilot project referred to in paragraph 104 (b) of the report of the Secretary-General;
B: Do you mean every day
After winning the election, the Labor Party leader was asked to form a new government.
JS8 explained that despite positive developments, persons with disabilities continued to experience problems in practice.
(b) Enhanced capacity of States to implement resolution 1540 (2004)
Commission on Sustainable Development, eleventh session [Economic and Social Council decision 1993/207]
Your cunt is like a charity.
The Fund's UNIX, mainframe and AS/400 systems all support a common database that is fully integrated with the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund application systems.
1 Local level to National Officer
Words to Live by Words to Live by ll give you some advice about life.
After China initiated the policy of reform and opening to the outside world, it accelerated the process of establishing an intellectual property rights protection system in order to rapidly develop social productive forces, promote overall social progress, meet the needs of developing a socialist market economy and expedite China鈥檚 entry into the world economy.
The differences are almost invisible.
The Committee commenced discussion of draft guidelines for its treaty-specific document, which would include reporting requirements for the Convention and its Optional Protocols at its forty-eighth session in May/June 2008.
[The CGE shall prepare a work programme for 2009 - 20XX taking into account the activities outlined in paragraph 9 above.]
Informal informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/66/L.16, entitled "Promoting the efficiency, transparency and accountability of public administration by strengthening supreme audit institutions" (under agenda item 21) (convened by the delegation of South Africa)
The tenderloin district was notorious for vice.
Recognizing that remuneration is fixed freely by the parties, Moroccan law has set a minimum wage which constitutes the legal minimum that can be paid to employees.
Without the concerted efforts of the entire society, those who are lagged behind will find it hard to catch up.
There is evidence that exposure to violence increases a child's risk of further victimization and an accumulation of violent experiences, including later intimate partner violence.
2. Women and peace and security
 8. The Special Committee held the first of its series of meetings from 6 to 8 January 1993 at Geneva.
Christchurch 22 Richter 6. 3 magnitude earthquake has killed at least 75 people were killed and 300 missing.
In the report of the Secretary-General on strengthening the management capacity of UNRWA (A/65/705), proposals were made to grant UNRWA increased funding from the regular budget on an incremental basis over the four succeeding bienniums, starting with an increase of $5 million for the biennium 2012-2013.
Tenth emergency special session
The project, which had been delayed to redesign the building as described at paragraph above, was due to be completed in November 1991.
When his six friends asked him to show them his hand, he threw his cards on the table revealing the lowest hand.
6. Nepal was not a drug-producing, nor a major drug-consuming, country.
6. Implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits:
The Agency for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean, the South Pacific Forum, other international and regional intergovernmental organizations, the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organization and any specialized agency of the United Nations may apply to the Secretary-General of the Conference for observer agency status, which will be accorded on the decision of the Conference.
Possible standards have been identified and final proposals will be submitted by the Task Force to the Finance and Budget Network for approval prior to their presentation to the Committee for endorsement.
Electronic
Now Google itself has become a victim of China’s growing cyber prowess, in the same way that appeasement of Hitler boomeranged onto France and Britain.
You've worked up quite a sweat.
A similar distribution was carried out between December 1999 and March 2000 in three districts of Ghor province in western Afghanistan for an estimated 7,000 families.
In this context, the International Civilian Mission appears to the victims of repression and their relatives as some kind of recourse from the purely arbitrary.
Gradually a rebellious feeling had replaced the extreme prostration of the beginning, and Bertha raged at the injustice of her lot.
Combined outreach missions were undertaken to Costa Rica, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Panama, Poland, the Republic of Korea, South Africa, Sweden, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and various regions in the United States of America. Other developments include enhanced presence on social media sites which serve to broaden the outreach worldwide and engage directly with individuals who may not be able to attend live outreach sessions
Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003
Palmela
There are no meaningful connections between the two exceptions.
The race provoked his spirit of competition.
(d) Stressed the importance of writing the CPI manual in clear language that is consistent with its intended practical use for compiling CPIs and informing users. Chapter IV
The values of analytical continuation at different depths from the potential field downward constitute the continuation field, on which the principal component analysis is made.
His Excellency Mr. Bakili Muluzi, President of the Republic of Malawi
A  novel  hierarchical image fusion scheme based on contrast pyramid decomposition is presented.
Armoured vehicles
Take - off with caution strong gusty.
210. The SBI discussed its previous conclusions on the dates for future sessional periods and agreed to recommend to the COP that future sessions of the COP and the CMP, including those for 2019, commence on a Monday with work being completed on the Friday of the second week.
Radio.
D. Adoption of the agenda 6 4
This template on the direct imaging of the ethan method is the future direction of development.
Village 12 , NIE has a mirror in Wanzhou , Enshi , and other places of work.
" Now it was plain that the lady must be a real Princess, since she had been able to feel the little pea through the twenty mattresses and twenty feather beds.
On the basis of consultations with different sectors of society, the commission is to draft a reform proposal that would improve the independence and efficiency of the judiciary.
(f) The Prosecutor and the person may lodge written submissions with the Pre-Trial Chamber, on points of fact and on law, including grounds for excluding criminal responsibility set forth in article 31, paragraph 1, no later than three days before the date of the hearing.
 (e) One representative from a Western European or other State;
New York, 18 December 1990
The State party should also review the statutes and operating procedures of the High Audio-visual and Communications Authority in order to guarantee its independence and impartiality and strengthen its authority.
The relationship between Timor-Leste and its neighbours is developing in a constructive and dynamic manner at the bilateral, trilateral and multilateral levels.
Medium-term plan
Todner described the ruling as "hugely disappointing" , but she said the legal team would not be giving up.
"You will eat, but you will not be satisfied, And your vileness will be in your midst.
The diversion from the Han is necessitating more complex projects to raise water levels.
FCCC/KP/AWG/2008/5
69. The Security Operations Unit will consist of one Security Officer (Field Service) and three Security Assistants (national General Service).
 These claims have no historical or legal foundation.
TURKEY
Can I see your I. D. please?
Jazz was invented by American Negroes, or blacks , as they are called today.
The relevant draft decision can be found in sub-section V.D. of this Part.
The sharing of experiences among States parties had also proven a beneficial practice.
When the foe is staggering, that is the time to knock him out.
 We urge those States that are producers of these arms to be more vigilant in enforcing control over their distribution and illegal export.
The Swiss Federal Tribunal in its decisions recognized that this right is founded on a justiciable claim on assistance from the State.
after checking all the information , sign and submit the return by entering the details at the bottom of the screen.
68. United Nations technical agencies, as important constituents of the United Nations development system, are changing considerably.
:: The Government allocated approximately 7 billion Burundi francs ($4.5 million) to CENI for the elections
Even some record executives admit that it can be difficult to ask an established artist to share revenues from activities that the label does not manage.
To improve access to information and expand contacts between environmental lawyers, ICEL initiated the creation of a broader network of associations, institutions and academics.
Tree Planting Some 1,051,000 seedlings were planted in 2003-04, an increase of 17% over 2002-03, when just 899,000 seedlings were planted.
437. In 1995 285.3 million pesos were spent on the construction of kindergartens and preschool preventive care centres; this meant the construction and equipment of 5,943 facilities, representing 71.5 per cent of the target programmed at the beginning of the present administration.
New
D. Macroeconomic policies to foster employment creation
Any representative may make a speech in a language other than an official language of the Conference.
Norton finally got a skinny drink of water on the night shift to go into that hole that had been behind Andy's poster of Linda Ronstadt.
The reform of the United Nations, the management of globalization, the preservation of the environment, the promotion and protection of human rights, peacekeeping and international security are among the challenges facing humanity, today more than ever before.
Due to this pattern, only six Venus transits have been seen since the invention of the telescope.
Ms. Loew (Switzerland) said that the draft resolution targeted only certain contemporary forms of racism.
A file data source can also be unshareable.
Until 2005, there had been no specific government agency responsible for safeguarding competition and competition law-enforcement efforts in this period were spontaneous.
I should be grateful if you would bring the present letter and its annex to the attention of the members of the Security Council.
That would, however, require partnership on the part of the developed countries. The international community should adopt a number of measures: first, speedy conclusion of the Doha Round without losing sight of its developmental aspects.
And yet China’s reliance on economic policies that require the heavy hand of the state to achieve officially decreed targets had been fading.
(b) Implementation of any of the rights cannot be an isolated exercise, and plans or projects for the implementation of the other rights should be designed taking into account consideration of time and cross-sectoral consistency;
Finland
I know you very well, however.
Rainfall distribution on 1 - 4 August 2006
NF
Curbing the childhood obesity epidemic requires sustained political commitment and the collaboration of many public and private stakeholders.
Friday, 6 November
In 2013, OHCHR disseminated 50 weekly updates and three quarterly newsletters of the Human Rights Treaties Division to civil society and other stakeholders.
44. Jihad Fawzi Qodaih
4. Interestingly enough, Uganda did this "to punish Rwanda for meeting President Kabila over the weekend in Kenya without Uganda's consent or in their presence"!
This timeliness has enabled him to prepare the present report by 4 March 2011, as required to make the report available in all six official languages at the start of the sixty-third session of the Commission.
Operative paragraph 21
VI. Consideration of possible mechanisms to review implementation of the Convention and the Protocols thereto
At its tenth session, the Committee decided that the draft provisional agenda for the following session of the Committee would be approved at the end of each session.
Such collaborative partnerships are necessary, as trade facilitation is a topic that cannot be dealt with exclusively by the public sector.
Also try giving a suggestion that brings laughter or leads to problem solving.
Here the document is provided as a literal value, but it could also be passed to the database through a parameter marker or host variable.
Kibyōshi
5.3 He reiterates his allegations concerning the use made by the Supreme Court of the information relating to the second set of proceedings in which he was accused of an offence against public health, and in which he was eventually acquitted.
Article 32 The Foundation shall make use of funds and assets in compliance with the aims stipulated in this Constitution and within its scope of operation for public welfare.Where the ways of use of donations are already defined in an agreement, the Foundation shall make use of them in conformity with the said agreement.
Women and the media
(b) Increased percentage of pre-session documents submitted in accordance with the required deadline
Evidence-based programming can enhance UNFPA effectiveness.
Although no agreement had been reached on the extent of that enhancement and the means to achieve it, it was encouraging to note that the work was still on track.
98. In regard to the Convention and internal legislation, the Committee wanted to know what proposals had been made to ensure the development of domestic legislation and which areas were being looked into.
P-3
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of an average strength of 8,940 military contingent personnel, 2,940 formed police personnel and 1,451 United Nations police officers (including 100 seconded corrections officers)
Daniel Kripke The study was not designed to answer why sleeping longer may be deleterious or whether people could extend their life span by sleeping less.
Visits agreed upon in principle
In Dubai, work has begun on a huge development called Dubailand.
Rivers of Ethiopia
Mr. Samba Yomb Thiam, Technical Advisor to the Minister, Ministry of Senegalese Abroad, Senegal
The secretariat is continuing its review of the last timely filed requests concerning five claims.
(a) Sustainable crop control strategies targeting the illicit cultivation of crops used for the production of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances require international cooperation based on the principle of shared responsibility and an integrated and balanced approach, taking into account the rule of law and, where appropriate, security concerns, with full respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of States, the principle of nonintervention in the internal affairs of States and all human rights and fundamental freedoms;
This view is clearly indicated in the maxim which obtains universally in Western Europe， Nemo in communione potest invitus detineri （“No one can be kept in co-proprietorship against his will”）。 But in India this order of ideas is reversed， and it may be said that separate proprietorship is always on its way to become proprietorship in common.
27. Please indicate which of the following branches of social security exist in your country:
(c) Information on the further deployment and use of the additional capabilities authorized by resolution 1843 (2008);
If the majority of tariffs in a country fall into the lowest tariff band, then the average reduction rate of that country will be low, while a country whose bound rates concentrate in higher bands will have a relatively higher average overall reduction rate.
83. The Deputy Executive Director, UNOPS, in turn addressed a technical query on UNOPS request for Executive Board approval for ex gratia payments.
97. Children in care should be offered access to a person of trust in whom they may confide in total confidentiality.
Pericrocotus
6. Any additional replies that are received will be published in addenda to the present report.
The plan to publish an updated version of the Compendium of United Nations Standards and Norms in Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice was also welcomed.
The collapsed hills mainly take place in residual deposits of granite parents.
2. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the expert meeting:
I think you technically can see that Ebay is and Google is.
They paraded the troops through the street.
 In view thereof, LAS and UNCTAD and the appropriate regional economic commissions should cooperate along the following lines:
Code of conduct for the judges of the United Nations Dispute Tribunal and the United Nations Appeals Tribunal
The United States considers that its transfers of military equipment occur at the time ownership title for the equipment is transferred between the United States and another country.
Having regard to the seriousness of such cases, the Special Committee was particularly careful to have satisfactory records preserved, including sketches based on accounts to lawyers of those who had been subjected to such torture.
Agenda item 131
The Rio Group believes that the report of the Secretary-General deserves constructive consideration by all Member States.
H.E. Mr. Maged Abdelfattah ABDELAZIZ, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, Permanent Representative of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the United Nations;
Youre the one who needs to practice English, so you should make the first move
Algeria
 The European Council requests the Council and the Commission to report to it at its next meeting on action taken.
Don't let a single criminal escape.
Taking into account our national particularities and historical and cultural background, abolishment of the death penalty is not warranted at the present time.
BT-42
Programme budget for the biennium 2012-2013
It was always winter there with the north wind, and snow, and ice, and driving rain.
(2) The Committee welcomes the timely submission of the consolidated report by Ukraine in general conformity with the Committee's reporting guidelines (CERD/C/2007/1).
International Coalition for Development Action
3. Developing national technology strategies
Actions to be taken by the General Assembly
Furthermore, the State party argues that there have been frequent instances where the idea of a proletarian revolution has been implanted in the minds of workers.
They were shipwrecked off the coast of Alaska.
112. To continue efforts to ensure safe drinking water, in order to achieve the goal of 80 per cent of the population or more by 2012 (Sudan);
62. The first comprehensive report on welfare proposed a minimum standard of welfare and recreation for all international non-contingent personnel such that they receive a basic package of services irrespective of their duty station.
Give a Christmas cracker to every other child, so that each pair can then pull one.
 (b) Southern region: 75 sorties, flown at speeds of 600 to 900 kilometres per hour and at medium altitudes, centred over Nasiriyah, Samawah, Salman, Qal`at Salih, Basra, Artawi, Qurnah and Busayyah.
Parties have identified a lack of qualified human resources as potential barrier to the implementation of the SRAP.
However, water sources that would require treatment should be avoided if at all possible.
29. Invites voluntary contributions to the Force in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered, as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;
Among other international organizations, the European Commission and OSCE both chose to follow a phased approach.
10. In paragraphs 29 to 49 of his report, the Secretary-General elaborates on guidance and support enhancements.
(b) Article on technical services;
It also calls on officials in science and industry to understand and assume their moral and legal responsibilities to prevent misuse.
[(d) "Official of a public international organization" shall mean an international civil servant or any other person who carries out equivalent functions for a public international organization;], ,
Those actions were in clear breach of the Charter of the United Nations and the Final Act of the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe as well as of the Russian Federation's specific commitments to respect Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity under the Budapest Memorandum.
Mountain water
(c) The United States dollar amount of the allowance, as established in subparagraphs (a) and (b) above, be converted to local currency using the official United Nations exchange rate as at the date of implementation and remain unchanged until the next biennial review;
Therefore:
In conclusion, we should like to express once again our most heartfelt condolences and deep sympathy to the Governments and the peoples of Georgia and Lebanon, who, like Togo, have lost one of their illustrious sons.
22 August 2002
Achieving universal adherence to the Treaty remained one of the urgent priorities of the world community.
Pool terrace single
 Rigid service provider targets have been found to be counter-productive to the effective implementation of high quality and client-oriented family-planning services, which should concentrate on meeting the needs of the populations they serve.
(d) Inclusion of workshops on:
I hope that you will make it your collective responsibility to ensure that this budget is fully funded.
8. It should therefore be recalled that article 54 of the Vienna Convention, which is also a customary international rule, provides that "the withdrawal of a party may take place in conformity with the provisions of the treaty".
First, enlargement of the permanent and nonpermanent membership of the Council should be politically balanced and in conformity with the principles of the sovereign equality of Member States and equitable geographical representation so as to redress the underrepresentation of developing and small countries and the imbalance in geographical representation.
But Zeus ignored her anger, and Ganymedas, often riding on Aquila and always carrying the golden cup, accompanied the great god on his travels.
2. When distributing posts in the field between the categories of Programme Support or Programme, the following criteria are observed:
I shall make sure that the decision is included in the next report of the Conference on Disarmament to the United Nations General Assembly.
Throughout the reporting period, back-office support for finance from Damascus was provided through UNDOF with the use of a single bank account for local payments through reimbursable arrangements, minimizing financial risks to the Organization.
Sadly, it had included the use of weapons of mass destruction.
File Ref.: CAB C5/7/2  C1/30/5/2
Green agriculture production in the fruits or vegetables, food crops and other products must use high quality of foliar fertilization;
He likes eating rice and doesn't like noodles.
Peaceful coexistence requires the genuine desire of all parties to the conflict to cooperate for such an outcome.
– Maintaining a presence at key border crossings.
466. The Special Rapporteur regrets that at the time the present report was finalized no reply had been received from the Government.
I would be grateful if you would transmit this report to the President of the Security Council.
In the late 1990s, Embrapa established subsidiary institutions abroad.
(paragraphs 252-260)
They can only make recommendations and argue for them.
Since 1990, the United Nations has been in the forefront of engaging the support and assistance of all the stakeholders for Africa's development.
In contrast, the AAOS guidelines reflect the concerns of orthopedic surgeons with a focus on symptomatic clots, PE, and bleeding risk.
The Agency is to ensure its implementation;
Acknowledging that the Secretary-General has welcomed the agreement of the Lebanon Recovery Fund to host the Eastern Mediterranean Oil Spill Restoration Trust Fund, under its existing mechanism, and expressing concern that to date no contributions have been made to the Trust Fund,
In the first case, such a violation elicited concern only in the affected State while, in the second case, the violation caused alarm throughout the international community, leading to a collective response.
Therefore “criminal groups spread into sectors where the risk of being arrested and heavily sentenced is relatively low, especially compared to the attractive economic return”.
We are consistently losing both manufacturing and deployment leadership in clean-energy technologies that were pioneered and developed in the United States.
He also welcomed the stipulation in draft article 45 that local remedies must be exhausted and the absence of any mention of a statute of limitations in article 46.
1. The mandate of the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief originated in Commission on Human Rights resolution 1986/20, to appoint a special rapporteur to examine incidents and governmental actions in all parts of the world inconsistent with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, and to recommend remedial measures for such situations.
Were any new protection measures formulated in the Hong Kong International Symposium on Black-faced Spoonbill?
7. Consideration of the submission made by France in respect of the areas of the French Antilles and the Kerguelen Islands.
Geneva, 4 - 8 May 2009
That is the reason of my delay in answering your letter.
4. Accession shall be effected by the deposit of an instrument of accession with the Secretary-General.
Please file all the price tables for check in future
Report of the Working Group on the Universal Periodic Review
186. Prostitutes who work in such brothels thus receive a weekly medical check-up under the auspices of the public health centre, a health agency present in every city, and are the subject of regular police checks.
The Pacific SIDS are not just small island States; they are large ocean States.
95. In view of the consistent pattern of human rights violations in Côte d'Ivoire over the past years, the international community may also wish to consider the need for the establishment of an independent human rights mechanism of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights (a country-based special rapporteur or independent expert), that could be tasked with reporting, also to the General Assembly, on progress made in the effective implementation of international human rights norms, their translation into practices at the national level, as well as in ending impunity and ensuring the rule of law in Côte d'Ivoire.
Participation in the RSA Forum is open to all administrators of national registries and the CDM registry under the Kyoto Protocol and supplementary transaction logs (such as the CITL).
He and your mom went out of town last night
The final section, entitled "Planning for the future", contains conclusions and recommendations for further implementation of the Madrid Plan.
The embargo has limited scientific advancement by hindering the participation of Cuban professionals in technical and scientific meetings that foster the exchange of knowledge and experiences in order to strengthen national capabilities.
Chown
Can you tell me the little boy's name ?
 It was recommended that an improved matrix presentation of the SNA should also be developed.
Implementation of the report's recommendations should be dealt with in the framework of the Programme of Action.
Procurement was delayed from the prior period, as the mapping unit had not been fully established owing to delayed recruitment of staff.
The preliminary figures for 2004 have shown an increase of 207, or 4.65 per cent growth, to 4,690.3
2010-2011: 82 per cent of respondents External factors
(a) Take into account the generally lower risk posed by women prisoners to others, as well as the particularly harmful effects that highsecurity measures and increased levels of isolation can have on women prisoners;
My husband gave me a bunch of beautiful flowers last Mother's Day.
Media strategy
B: In that case,we wouldn't have it in stock.
Under the special CBTF programme for LDCs, three projects are being implemented.
(d) Radioactive material in consumer products which have received regulatory approval, following their sale to the end user;
At the same time, measures should be taken to develop a more effective awareness campaign and to establish a link between the United Nations University and academic institutions in Africa, as education and information exchange are regarded as key success factors for the development of Africa.
a China Northern MD-82 jet crashed into the sea off Dalian in northeast China killing all 112 on board.
People in any country will not want their homeland to be a dependent colonial state.
To succeed, one needed to be adept at both domestic and international diplomacy.
COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
1. In the performance of their duties, the Secretary-General and the staff shall not seek or receive instructions from any Government or from any other authority external to the Organization.
Ambassador
Jesus invites us to let go of that competitive struggle, to trust that God's opinion of us is the only one that ultimately counts.
This article covers four tips to help you lower your merchant account processing fees.
The proportion of children aged between 0-14 years is 44.24 per cent of total population while that of old people aged 65 years and above is about 3.91 per cent.
In a lecture to the Cass Business School in February 2012, Adair Turner, former Chairman of the UK Financial Services Authority, proposed it as an option if further borrowing from the markets were politically or financially impossible.
Christine Fletcher
50. Her delegation supported the Secretary-General's proposals regarding greater geographical and functional mobility of staff members, which would be an enriching experience for them and would enhance the Organization's credit.
"7. Decides to allocate the resources previously devoted to the former ad hoc intersessional working groups of the Commission to support the participation of representatives of States members of the Commission in their respective regional meetings in each implementation cycle;
The list of treaties being highlighted this year has been circulated by depositary notification C.N.163.2009 of 24 March 2009.
Thank you. I will.
Single people are twice as likely to die early as those who are married or living with a partner.
As mentioned above, a further 7 value-chain development projects were approved under the `private sector and development' window of the UNDP-Spain `MDG achievement fund'.
348. The number of visits to mental health clinics has risen gradually, from 14,017 in 2001 to 18,225 in 2008.
That should give us a fair idea of the time that the United Nations development system would need to invest in implementing the Panel's recommendations.
Sokolov :  Yes.  And from this state of accelerated motion, it launches a nuclear missile.
ONUB indicated that a physical verification of all non-expendable property had been carried out; however, the mission could not provide evidence of it.
Most Andorran journalists are trained in Spain or France, but on their arrival in Andorra they receive training in the Constitution, the 2000 broadcasting law and the principles enshrined in the RTVSA style guide for news editing.
The crew was not allowed to go ashore.
Confirming Russians status among the worlds biggest consumers of luxury goods, 48 percent of them, the highest percentage globally, said they would consider cosmetic surgery to maintain their looks.
The U. N. 's Mideast envoy criticized Israel's renewed building in West Bank settlements.
7. Third, and lastly, it should be mentioned that the detailed curriculum is merely the starting point for a country desiring to harmonize its educational system to meet global requirements.
' he said.
Have lifesaving knowledge; Lifesaving license holder is preferred;
Whatever he professed was said in such a profound manner that we were all immediately propelled to be more productive.
Nanayakkara said a government tax office had been hit by a bomb.
Australia Peter Scott, Kerin Leonard, Elizabeth Day
They did their reconstruction thing on it.
Only I couldn't believe it.
Costa Rica has a modern terminal station of the Maya 1 cable, which allows the best and most reliable interconnection with the national ICE network.
“When you’re dealing with any secondary sources about me, be extremely careful, ” he says as we walk.
B. Post-commencement finance 106 20
Apollo lifted the discus and threw it high and far in the air.
Anonymity: Employees feel anonymous when their manager has little interest in them as people with unique lives, aspirations, and interests.
which provides for a maximum penalty of a fine of HK$1,000,000 and imprisonment for two years.
And Marx adds: " In the Greek gens, the savage ( e . g . Iroquois ) shows through unmistakably. "
He was supposed to leave for Shanghai last night
(c) Formulation of national and regional programmes and arrangements relating to the prevention of pollution;
A gathering, flowing, or meeting together at one juncture or point.
(b) Provide deep freeze (14 days where required), cold (7 days) and dry food storage for kitchen facilities;
No   that's aII right.
Chapter VIII. Settlement of disputes (A/CN.9/458/Add.9)
16. An obstacle is the exclusion of young people in the process of official decision-making, forest policy-making and programmes aimed at sustainable forest exploitation.
The report does not fully conform with the Committee's guidelines for the preparation of initial State party reports, as it fails to include information on practical implementation of measures giving effect to the provisions of the Convention.
June 2004
There is someplace that u once go and would not like to leave and some one that u would only meet once in ur whole life
Deutsches Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar
Reaffirming that any use of nuclear weapons would be a violation of the Charter of the United Nations and a crime against humanity, as declared in its resolutions 1653 (XVI) of 24 November 1961, 33/71 B of 14 December 1978, 34/83 G of 11 December 1979, 35/152 D of 12 December 1980 and 36/92 I of 9 December 1981,
Denmark
f Act of making a person timid or fearful or of deterring by threats.
realization of the Millennium Development Goals
Pillows and blankets can go just as long without being washed
12. Welcomes the movement of the Department of Public Information towards a new "evaluation culture" of increased performance management, based on, inter alia, an annual programme impact review, as well as feedback from Member States, where appropriate;
Volcanic eruptions which had once made them emerge from the bowels of the earth terrorize them; earthquakes and tidal waves overwhelm them.
nothing that i find in this box is gonna change anything.
Reaffirming its commitment to the sovereignty, unity, independence, and territorial integrity of the Sudan and to the cause of peace, stability, and security throughout the region,
Udvar
As long as one step a footprint walk down a solid, believe that will be able to out a career development in rural China financial success.
Information technology Medical
Responsible for spare parts management.
Welcoming also the presentation of the National Development Framework and budget by the Transitional Authority as an important coordination concept for rehabilitation and reconstruction efforts, and in this context welcoming also the introduction of the new Afghan currency,
To achieve the internationally agreed goals and commitments with regard to global public health, COHRED believes that it is essential for:
Logogram
The internal auditor continually reviews the accounting and control systems.
While an international organization might, resort to countermeasures under certain circumstances, such measures were elements of decentralized law enforcement that were inherent to inter-State relations.
To hell with those old - fashioned ideas!
ASEAN orientation course, November 1997
4. Finalization and adoption of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Public Procurement.
Atractodenchelys phrix
Considering that the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones contributes significantly to the maintenance and consolidation of peace and security at the global and regional levels,
The Committee understands that this practice is carried out in the context of facilitating decision-making by the Council on political mandates.
Youth, as a part of the general population, clearly benefit from society-wide improvements in the context of the Millennium Development Goals.
Contents
Summary
Recalling Security Council resolutions 1258 (1999) of 6 August 1999 and 1279 (1999) of 30 November 1999 regarding, respectively, the deployment to the region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo of military liaison personnel and the establishment of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission, the latest of which was resolution 1794 (2007) of 21 December 2007, by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission until 31 December 2008,
 We welcome all initiatives that can enhance the efficiency of our Organization, reduce its bureaucratic excesses or alleviate its financial problems.
Summary record of the 17th meeting
22 SEA LYNX
The High Commissioner should strengthen the role of the Oversight Committee by (paragraphs 30 - 34):
Metallurgy and Mechanical Engineering
""There could be an element of people saying let's have a laugh, but live comedy is also relatively entertainment.
My grandmother used to tell stories of growing up in a large family among endless conflict and of her mother's exhausting pregnancies.
To that end, he supported the suggestion put forward at the meeting of the extended bureau held on 15 March 2006 that joint meetings of the extended bureaux of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice could provide a coordination mechanism for integrated issues, such as the overarching strategy and the strengthening of the roles of the Commissions as governing bodies.
Funds were budgeted in 2009/10, and were obligated on the basis of notification of contract award awaiting contract signature.
How then could she hope to discharge her mission of commerce destruction in the Atlantic?
Table 29E.1 Framework of expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement by component
The colour is not evenly spread.
35. In parallel with the transition process, the improved capability of the Afghan security forces has proven helpful in providing stability and security in infrastructure project areas.
Note by the Administrator
The Summary should facilitate the drafting, and reduce the size, of this Panel's future reports, since it will not be necessary to set matters out in extenso in the body of each report.
In September 2005, UNCTAD held an expert meeting on "Trade Facilitation as an Engine for Development".
Hauzenberg
Report considered: Third periodic (due since 1991), submitted on 18 July 2006.
Yet he once more forgot his intention at sight of the Countess Sabine.
GOST 12.1.044-84".
Biochemical oxygen demand----The measure of the oxygen demand placed on a stream by any particular volume of effluent.
● Independent researcher in the areas of gender equality, history of women and women's human rights (list of publications in Annex)
A. Enhancing security collaboration between the United Nations and host Governments
The supply side argument makes more sense, as it is true that production of many commodities is running low relative to demand.
representing the full height of the human figure.
Jarlaxle  remarked to Dinin, taking no heed of the priestess.
Report of the Secretary-General on policy options and possible actions to expedite implementation in freshwater management (E/CN.17/2005/2)
They threw him out of the house bag and baggage.
But public opinion – volatile and angry – calls for both to resign: a public-opinion poll conducted after the Commission published its report indicated that only 14% of Israelis believe that Olmert should keep his job, while less than 11% support Peretz.
So the Lord said, "If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city, then I will spare the whole place on their account."
 38. As regards science and technology, cooperation among developing countries in general has intensified in recent years.
(h) Theft: Six light vehicles, four pieces of radio equipment and one piece of welfare equipment with a total inventory value of $114,700 and residual value of $51,100 were reported stolen during the course of the mission.
At present, the worsening of energy security, environmental degradation and other problems is not only eroding the achievement of development, but also compromising its sustainability.
23. The unbudgeted expenditures reflect the requirements for the financing of the Procurement Task Force established by the Office of Internal Oversight Services as well as the recording in the Mission's accounts of the loss on exchange attributable to the fluctuation of the United States dollar versus convertible currencies.
I have never dreamt of getting a full mark in maths.
27C.51 The requirement of $97,100, reflecting a decrease of $39,700, would provide for: (a) general temporary assistance for the replacement of nurses and secretarial and clerical staff during periods of extended sick leave and maternity leave ($34,600); (b) overtime for peak periods of work ($19,700); and (c) fees of specialists, including a radiologist ($6,300), a psychiatrist and an ophthalmologist ($36,500).
7. Address by His Excellency Mr. Desiré Delano Bouterse, President of the Republic of Suriname
We also reiterate that their efforts in that regard should be based on national development plans that integrate the Millennium Development Goals and should be adequately supported by the international community, through various forms, taking into account the needs and the capacity to mobilize domestic resources of these countries.
The introduction of the basic minimum income guaranteed to the elderly or those who unable to work offers a new way of combating poverty among the elderly.
The Unit worked with the Kunar Police to deliver human rights training in 21 districts of the Kunar and Nangarhar provinces from December 2005 to November 2006.
In doing so, this report conveys the Turkish experience in adapting to IFRS as well as lessons learned in the implementation process.
These are the issues on which the United Nations must act but where it is currently marginalized.
12. Expedite the development of its emergency "talent pool"
Ringing these books were shelves of lesser counterfeits that altered a word or two.
It was noted that accountability had been given greater emphasis and integrated into the programme and that the Department of Management would support the management reform and lead efforts on reform.
Subsequently seismic check was made on two real structures based on the current code for seismic design of buildings and it is indicated that there is deficiency in the code in guaranteeing the seismic performance of the spandrel wall.
The amount in question is the amount which a disabled person living alone would receive from the Social Security Institution, i.e. full income guarantee (ISK 23,320), basic support (ISK 12,329), and home supplement (ISK 7,711), in total a basic financial assistance of ISK 43,360.
The monthly income limit for two-to-five person families will be lowered from $21,000 to $20,000 to reflect downward adjustments in the general price levels and average mortgage rate in the past 12 months. The asset limit of $480,000, however, remains unchanged. Limits for single applicants will be halved.
The Committee is, further, concerned that, as legislation does not limit the industries, enterprises or types of work in which children may be employed, children are not adequately protected from engagement in hazardous work.
4. Any person also commits an offence if that person:
Training
Only in eight countries was economic growth consistently higher.
42. The Supreme Court of Seychelles is the highest trial court in Seychelles and the court of first instance for serious criminal cases, including piracy trials.
There were a few vacant lots and one holdout.
1. The item entitled:
SHC - Secondary Health Care
The proposed abolishments would be partially offset by an increase in the provision of temporary assistance for meetings to ensure that services for mandated meetings continue to be provided in all languages.
In March 1947, the Communists told me I must leave Yenan.
Guidance for the establishment of transitional justice mechanisms
SNNPRS Southern Nation, Nationalities, and Peoples Regional State
In Ireland and Scotland, "Halloween was largely untouched by the Protestant Reformation, " writes Rogers.
It was the end of November and the day was very cheerless.
105. The Special Representative has requested specific information from the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran on the charges against 78 persons who are known to be detained in various Iranian prisons and the circumstances of their detention and prosecution.
B. The Group recommends that, at a minimum, refineries and smelters be independently audited to examine their due diligence process so as to mitigate the risk of providing direct or indirect support to armed groups from the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and/or to sanctioned individuals and entities.
2017 International Champions Cup
The financial management strengthening programme should make it possible for users in BDP, regional bureaux and country offices to access and effectively use real-time, consistent, comparable financial data on the full range of UNDP HIV/AIDS activities.
The Committee notes that most of the increase is due to the inclusion of a provision of $168,000 for general temporary assistance.
234. Belarus: With regard to case No. 780/1997 - Laptsevich (A/55/40), the Committee received a note verbale from the State party, dated 17 July 2000, stating that the competent authorities in Belarus were examining the validity of the Committee's Views.
Specification for construction and layout of pedals of self-propelled industrial trucks sit-down rider-controlled
At its 1st plenary meeting, the Council/Forum considered and approved the organization of work of the session in the light of the recommendations contained in the annotated agenda (UNEP/GCSS/XI/1/Add.1/Rev.1).
Mr. Iouri Afanassiev (Russian Federation)
CLP is the main air pollution cmpany in Hong Kong!
When you're mad, your brain gets a wash of chemicals, including adrenaline, which makes you ready to fight or flee.
It is thus imperative that all of us, individually and collectively, do our part to accelerate progress towards a better quality of life for our people.
While noting efforts of the State party to reach bilateral agreements with neighbouring countries, the Committee nevertheless remains concerned that a significant number of people including children, especially children of indigenous and minority groups, and children of migrant workers, refugees and asylum-seekers remain stateless or potentially stateless.
The situation in the Middle East
In his Second Inaugural, President Bush recognized that democratic institutions must reflect the values and culture of diverse societies.
The Committee urges the State party to adopt the necessary measures to prevent, diminish and eventually eliminate the conditions and attitudes which cause or perpetuate de facto discrimination against those groups of children, in line with the Committee's general comment no. 20 (2009) on non-discrimination in economic, social and cultural rights.
4. Address by His Excellency Mr. Milan Kucan, President of the Republic of Slovenia
Insurance claims
Regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights
18. The State party mentions the 10-year plan for the development of basic education 2001-2009 (PDDEB) based on the educational policy letter of May 2001, to achieve an enrollment rate of 70 per cent by 2010, with a focus on girls and the most disadvantaged areas (para. 83).
Special attention is also provided to the specific impacts of climate change on women's lives, as well as to the promotion of their sexual and reproductive health and rights and education.
Secondly, the judgement was delivered in respect of legal issues which were, as the State party pointed out, largely uncharted.
Guinea-Bissau
"Israel's position on these resolutions has been set forth in successive annual replies submitted to the Secretary-General in recent years, the latest of which being Israel's note verbale dated 15 June 1993.
Based on the times the political subject which Marx focused on is the proletariat.
We condemn the continued attacks on Sarajevo and the fighting in other parts of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which are still causing death and injury and disrupting the delivery of humanitarian supplies.
The artist is highly trained academically, but has chosen to remain independent of dominant artistic trends in order to work toward a private aesthetic response to social concerns.
Such a general rule on attribution does not affect the use of a signature as a device for attributing a record to a person, but is based on the recognition that "a signature is not the only method for attribution."
The Court is complementary to the efforts of States to investigate and prosecute international crimes.
This is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savior,
This makes it easy to gain weight unintentionally, but also demonstrates the tremendous opportunity for prevention.
They're dancing in the shadow like whispers of dove.
The United Nations Fellows workshop is an activity of induction training for participants selected by relevant United Nations partners.
A forceful suggestion or recommendation in a coercive manner could regarded as an attack.
As before, the proportion of undernourished children in Issyk—Kul oblast is high (14.1 per cent among children up to age 6 and 6.8 per cent among those from 7 to 11 years of age).
Such a committee would ensure proper planning and monitoring of UNAMI activities in this area.
. A number of States referred to revised laws and new programmes to provide services for victims.
An agency can nominate a maximum of two candidates per vacancy and can submit the same candidate for multiple vacancies with the indication of an order of preference.
Liberia
We recommend a sentence of time served.
A reservation was expressed about this proposed wording, in that it would not allow sufficient flexibility to the procuring entity and might defeat the purpose of the procedure.
Trade accords and cooperation arrangements concluded since 1994 with Canada, Egypt, the European Free Trade Area, the European Union, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, the United States of America and others have set the scene for a diverse and challenging environment for developing Palestinian trade in goods and services in the coming years.
Currently, it suggests that sterilization can be a life-saving intervention.
While the Lakers like Sun's versatility[9]he can defend four positionsit's possible that he could be asked to remain with the Chinese team for another season.
The IBF maintains an "emergency flat" at a secret location in which victims can receive round-the-clock support.
U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry has confirmed that he also will meet with members of Syria's opposition in London.
These include the General Assembly's discussions on international environmental governance, the triennial comprehensive policy review, continuing efforts to improve humanitarian response and the work by the United Nations Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
Even where such limitations on grounds of protecting public health are basically permitted, they should be of limited duration and subject to review.
The second impact identified on the field is the affirmation of these women's authority in the domestic domain.
49. The plan outline had been given broad consideration by programme managers and had been reviewed by the Management Committee.
(a) One P-5 post for the Chief of the Economic Statistics and National Accounts Section;
Report of the Under-Secretary-General/Executive Director
and that's where they really have to show their metal.
- In April 2006, a fact sheet prepared by the Vienna representative of the Association on cooperation in respect of transnational crime (crime-fighting methods) was given document number E/CN.15/2006/NGO/1 and included on the agenda of the fifteenth session of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Commission.
Cuba maintains a major technical cooperation programme with the IAEA and has always made the optimum use of allocated resources.
% of GDP
We should uphold the diversity of the world, enhance dialogue and interaction between civilizations, and draw on each other's strength instead of practicing mutual exclusion
Starbucks, on the other hand, has faced slower growth and increasing competition.
(g) Workshops on the role of national institutions with respect to women's rights and on the media's role in human rights education;
Item 163 of the preliminary list*
And when ending the marriage, the law defined women's rights to alimony of a certain amount during a certain period.
At the same time, increasing attention is being given to the communications needs and potential of peoples’ movements and organizations, as distinguished from development non-governmental organizations.
The missing documents are unaccounted for.
Staffing
He cut his finger because he was careless.
Women's College, Meiji University
This can allow the roll to squeeze and relieve undue pressure on the roll.
1. On 26 December 2004, we woke up to witness the terrible reality of our environmental fragility.
statistics6stE5tistiks superstar25sju:pEstB: tournament15tuEnEmEnt 1If you were to examine the birth certificates of every soccer player in 2006s World Cup tournament, you would most likely find a noteworthy quirk: elite soccer players are more likely to have been born in the earlier months of the year than in the later months
Fifty—fifth session
Wu  Jinying  is grasping steel knife to slaughter a cattle in workshop is involute arm, hand.
The computer is useful in processing data.
9. Paragraphs 14 and 15 of the statement indicate that the financial implications of introducing the special measures for Belgium were estimated at $71,000 per annum for the United Nations common system.
17. Joint Submission 3 (JS3) recommended that the State ratify the Protocol of San Salvador, the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the ILO Domestic Workers Convention, 2011 (No. 189), and the ILO Safety and Health in Agriculture Convention, 2001 (No. 184).
6. These Guidelines are principle-based and do not provide an exhaustive list of criteria for the identification of conflicts.
Publications:*
Members of the public will be able to transact business with Government electronically when the Electronic Service Delivery scheme (ESD) is rolled out in the latter half of next year.
He promised that by 2015 the deficit would stand at only £37 billion, or 2.1% of GDP – equivalent to balancing current spending and revenue.
Putin surely doesn’t want to be accused of repeating the disastrous Afghan War of 1979-1989, which helped to bring about the Soviet Union’s collapse.
If I told him I was quitting, he would worry and ask a lot of questions, And then I'd have to lie about sabotaging betty's bees.
Note by the Secretary-General
The majority of the people used to have blind faith in the wisdom of the leaders.
" While the former Posh Spice edged out English journalist Nigella Lawson for the top spot on the mothering countdown, her husband came in just ahead of Hollywood actor Brad Pitt for his fathering duties, the report said
Document A/CN.9/XL/CRP.1/Add.1, as amended, was adopted.
Without clear and transparent plans for the changes needed to deliver the expected benefits there is a risk that stakeholders, for example the General Assembly and staff, will not support the proposed changes.
Some of these individuals might prefer to use cloning technology to have a genetically related child.
Any new development agenda must be grounded in human rights, gender and economic justice.
Many corporations employ a rule - of - thumb and maintain cash balances at some multiple of daily sales.
UNON United Nations Office at Nairobi
Letter dated 28 February 2002 from the Permanent Representative of Yemen to the United Nations, in his capacity as Chairman of the Arab Group for the month of February 2002 to the Secretary-General of the Summit
2. Importing data into the database
That bitter experience has become a determining factor in the national security strategy of the Islamic Republic of Iran to renounce all types of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and in our unshaken resolve to pursue the realization of the goal of a world free from such weapons.
ISSN 1020-1947
Provisional agenda
Non-member States represented by observers
 3. Over the last two to three years the old debates on stabilization and adjustment have continued, but they have also become more detailed and have acquired new angles.
Please provide data concerning the requirements referred to immediately above.
The event is being organized by the Division for Public Economics and Public Administration of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs and will be held on Monday, 7 December 1998, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 9.
Protection of women working in the maquila industry
The population’s access to trained personnel
Through the years since, those early ideals have helped me recognize real happiness
Blue Jay tied the scarf.
That's the reason they are crowded out of the global economy.
Uganda
It is submitted pursuant to Commission resolution 2000/61.
no problem have a nice day 1 No problem.No problemNo problem No problemNo problemNo problemYou want your car back by six o'clock, right?
Squash and stretch entire body for attitudes.
27. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
(ii) Increased number of joint programmes with partner organizations
The potential for emissions reductions by these countries was growing;
Coincidentally, both full of people staring at cars in front of the schedule, a sub-passed another subdivision can be or not to move cars.
Brahui language
She must have attended the meeting yesterday evening, didn't she?
Tuesday, 9 December
Come on, Sid, what is this?
I could feel two pairs of eyes on my back.
Party building should be launched focusing on the Party's central tasks.
(United States dollars)
Sihamoni spoke highly of Cambodia-China friendly cooperative relationship and expressed his satisfaction with the development of bilateral relations.
They also announced a long-term partnership between Afghanistan and NATO, demonstrating that the alliance's commitment to Afghanistan will endure beyond the current mission of ISAF and is intended to be consistent with broader international efforts under United Nations leadership;
 The Government and non-governmental organizations, in supporting the family, emphasize preventive measures such as counselling before and during marriage.
The consequences stemming from the neglect of agriculture have combined with population growth and a rising middle class to further increase Africa's food import bill.
Thank you for the detailed report Tiancai mm.
In search of a second opinion, Poblete tracked down amyloidosis experts on the Internet
Despite frequent mentions in the popular press of the need to drink eight glasses of water, they found no scientific basis for the claim.
They include raising the capabilities of human resources for medical care and developing effective referral systems.
Can you help me to fill?
II. Constitutional, political and legal issues
Standardization of all network switches by replacing old switches with 3-layer standardized switches and utilization of fibre optic cables to increase availability of network services
94.48. Strengthen measures directed towards the protection from discrimination and further integration of the Roma (Belarus);
26. In view of the diverse situations that might form the basis of an application or order, it would be difficult to regulate the question generally.
Today, entities in 182 Member States participate in some form of international clean technology cooperation, with potential knowledge flows among all of these.
Security and defence
Most Americans have not yet embraced the idea that the US-China relationship is too big to fail.
Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly, he shall not save of that which he desired.
That statement could have a negative impact on the perception of migrants and promote the exacerbation of xenophobic attitudes.
The car was carrying 300 kilograms of explosives and three gas canisters connected to a detonator.
About 300 million years ago the amphibians, the animals able to live both on land and in water, appeared.
Minorities (Request (R) in 2009)
Equally, for the proposed revised 2009 Annual Programme Budget, the figure is 28.7 per cent.
The bending strength and the tension strength of brittle materials reference for developing and appraising advanced materials is provided.
If the accused are convicted they will be sentenced.
37. Within the framework of its capacity-building activities, UNWTO developed a tourism management programme at heritage sites to facilitate the development of policy and operational guidelines for addressing tourist congestion at cultural and natural heritage sites, and for enhancing the tourism sector's ability to develop and present destinations and heritage sites in a more comprehensive manner.
9. Reiterates the need for respect for the territorial unity, contiguity and integrity of all of the Occupied Palestinian Territory and for guarantees of the freedom of movement of persons and goods within the Palestinian territory, including movement into and from East Jerusalem, into and from the Gaza Strip, between the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and to and from the outside world;
(d) To implement the Hyogo Framework for Action and work for an ambitious renewed international framework for post-2015 disaster risk reduction that builds on previous achievements, prioritizes prevention and mitigation and incorporates implementation frameworks to address implementation gaps if and when they exist;
I never really knew why she came back
12.13 Questioned as to whether in the circumstances what Julien had said was reliable, Lowenthal testified:
If the Commission wishes, the Special Rapporteur will be pleased to provide whatever support his very limited resources permit.
I think something will come of that, though.
25. The Conference also requested the secretariat to make the necessary arrangements for the functioning of the ad hoc panel, including the provision of additional expertise, particularly in the area of participatory planning and legal advice.
I do apologize for giving you the wrong soup.
No social provisions were necessary for very young children or the elderly, as their care fell on the mother at home.
The public image of the FDIC, which was created during the Great Depression, comes and goes in waves.
Some Uighur groups, seeking independence, have waged a sporadic and at-times violent campaign against the Chinese government.
The applications were dismissed, the court holding that it did not have the power to alter or interfere with the terms of the award.
Without organization, the people cannot give effect to their anti - Japanese strength.
Romania had signed the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty in September 1996, and it had been ratified by both chambers of its Parliament on 4 October 1999.
At age twelve I was almost too old to appreciate the new privilege, but there are girls becoming altar servers in that church to this day.Fighting against things not fair for women has been my goal throughout my education, just as it will be in my future, and I have had several unique opportunities toward this end
These meetings have not yet been held.
Looking at left, right, and front, love will comes after several turnings.
General and complete disarmament
UNCTAD's experience in the area of FDI should also be used to discuss the proposals for a multilateral investment agreement, in cooperation with other international organizations such as WTO and OECD.
She gobbled down her lunchand hastened to her appointment.
1. Welcomes the step taken by the Executive Director to establish a task team, which has commenced consultations on the effectiveness of administrative arrangements and programmatic cooperation between the United Nations Environment Programme and a number of multilateral environmental agreements;
Amambay: from 4 to 1
The methyl bromide phaseout project in the Party's horticulture sector was being implemented by UNIDO in cooperation with Spain.
Actions to improve response times as part of broader efforts to improve the recruitment process have achieved several notable results:
In the vast majority of euthanasia cases, what the patient is actually asking for is something else.
“(d) Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction;
D. All Other States
22. Commends the establishment of the Trust Fund to Support Initiatives of States Countering Piracy off the Coast of Somalia and the International Maritime Organization Djibouti Code Trust Fund, and urges both State and nonState actors affected by piracy, most notably the international shipping community, to contribute to them;
The process of steelmaking with hot metal containing low silicon in Steel - making Plant was introduced.
insomnia  n. appetite  n. pressure  n. anemic  n. exhausted  adj overwork  n. outdoors  adv cure  n. vt suffer from sleeping pills on the edge s blood pressure What seems to be the trouble
I brought a chair to the bed-head: I sat down and leaned over the pillow.
Romania considers that progress in Afghanistan also depends on the efforts of the authorities in Kabul and the continued commitment of the international community.
Hokkaido
Friendly persuasion is the stock - in - trade of every salesman.
OK. There are still five stops away from here.
42. The African Union is taking crucial measures to enhance its institutional capacity to undertake peacekeeping operations, with the support of key partners.
At the close of the 11MSP, one (1) State Party - Equatorial Guinea - had not yet complied with the obligation to report as soon as practicable, and in any event not later than 180 days after the entry into force of the Convention for that State Party, on the matters for which transparency information is required in accordance with Article 7.1.
Fiftysix, Arkansas
But it does not mean any time might be reasonable to switch steam flooding from stimulation.
Sub-themes:
25. Some of the most serious constraints in addressing violence against women and girls arise from limited capacities to design, implement and expand programmes, and from a lack of knowledge about what works most effectively.
Although the majority of the Commission expressed its preference for a shorter version when it examined a similar proposal that had been made in my seventh report (A/CN.4/610, para. 23), the question could be reconsidered.
However, compensatory education for children, such as Head Start , leads to long-term improvements in.
Check for Recalled Toys Often: Toys are being recalled ever so often.
Something, somewhere, would have to give.
Australia's leading animal research facility is helping global efforts to control the deadly bird flu.
The advanced stage of this method is simultaneous interpretation
Void, slowly return to God, in front of beauty, told her " to be good" , we laugh, to leave the.
These practices should be mandatory and matched by generous donor support.
6012th meeting Election of five members of the International Court of Justice (S/2008/502, S/2008/503, S/2008/503/Add.1, S/2008/503/Add.2 and S/2008/504)
1. In accordance with the commitments made under the universal periodic review and in fulfilment of the recommendations it accepted in respect of its initial report in June 2010, the Plurinational State of Bolivia submits its second report to the universal periodic review for the period 2010 - 2014.
As a result(consequence)ofAs a result of its rise in temperature the gas expands.4.
The Annual Report 2007 (IDB 34/2) showed that the Organization had improved its ability to provide technical assistance for sustainable, clean industrial development to developing countries.
18. An additional concern raised during the consultation with the expanded bureau was the status of those activities in the draft global plan of action on which consensus had not been reached.
Sixty-first session
Based on a single nasal turbinate adenoma in a female animal at 2.5 mg/kg bw/day, the NOAEL was set at 0.5 mg/kg bw/day (EC, 2007).
Education: September, 1983 ~ July, 1987 Bachelor of Law, Received of Law, Xiamen University.
Although she often seems quite cold and harsh, her smiling eyes betray her true nature.
Trade is a necessary prerequisite for economic growth and sustainable efforts against poverty.
Page
At that time, the political-military movements CNDD and PALIPEHUTU were supposed to include their armed branches, FDD and FNL respectively.
They're going to perform some exams.
You're quite positive these are galt's choices?
In others, a number of consultants were utilized to perform regular staff functions and time frames for the accomplishment of tasks were not always defined.
Line the pots with pebbles to ensure good drainage.
This malicious statement, which follows many others made in the past by other Israeli regime representatives -- some of which are reflected in our aforesaid letters -- is in full contempt of the basic provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, particularly the provisions which call for refraining "from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state, or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of the United Nations".
Unemployment adopts the unemployment that register and investigation unemployment commonly two kinds of means.
In recent months we have witnessed a galaxy of former heads of State or government, as well as generals and admirals, some of whom commanded nuclear forces, drawing our attention to the dangers posed by nuclear armaments.
In accordance with that Judgement, the Republic of Croatia would be permitted to assert its national security claims.
The economic development of Bohai Bay Area has been limited by the pollution of this area.
1. Background
The North Korean leader's 2004 visit to Beijing was not officially confirmed until he had returned to Pyongyang.
Austria
1994, Sept
Ole and TrufaJOSEPH SINGEP THE FOREST was large and thickly overgrown with all kinds of leaf-bearing trees.
The gross violations of human rights include the forced displacement of certain groups, the draining of the marshes and the use of chemical weapons in Kurdistan Region, leading the former United Nations Commission on Human Rights to appoint a special rapporteur on the human rights situation in Iraq, whose mandate lasted from the 1990s until 2005.
The responsibility lies instead with politicians peddling ideology over practicality – and thus with the citizens who elect them, as well as those who don’t bother to vote at all.
Today, the First of August, we are gathered here for a memorial meeting.
Further research has shown that cater- pillars become virtually immune to the wilt virus as the trees on which they feed respond to increasing defoliation.
The most obvious symbol of EC is having increased business opportunities, decreased trading cost and raised trading benefits.
United States bonds showed returns of 5.4 per cent in 2011 and 6.9 per cent in 2012.
Al-Otaiba ambush
Professor K C CHAN, SBS, JP
Towards the end of September 1997, M/s Coca-Cola SABCO (the Kenyan subsidiary of Coca-Cola International), with the support of M/s Coca-Cola Africa (which had its headquarters in South Africa), submitted an application for the acquisition of M/s Flamingo Bottlers of Nakuru, which bottled Coca-Cola.
The pre-session working group also considered the list of issues previously adopted for Central African Republic (CEDAW/C/CAF/Q/1-6) and adopted a revised version of the list of issues.
There was greater cooperation during the era of confrontation because of the desire to defend third-world countries against the communist threat and to replace the cold war with relations built on solidarity and development.
Starting this September, the new senior secondary academic structure will be implemented in Hong Kong, and teaching and learning is being planned and organised within the framework of the new HKDSE curriculum.
(ii) If the amount of such income taxes exceeds the amount of staff assessment, the Secretary-General may also pay to the staff member the amount of such excess;
the United Nations
The underlying assumption of the discussions was recognition of the value of minimizing the negative impacts while maximizing the positive effects of globalization.
By addressing such issues, the Council could gain a better sense of the cross-cutting aspects of current threats to international peace and security -- be they regional (as, for instance, on the African continent) or systemic (as in the case of factors leading to or exacerbating conflict).
Members welcomed his assurance that the review seeks to transform planning for peacebuilding from a supply-driven process to one that is centred on the needs of the host country.
Exchange of services
The Committee therefore considers the delay of three months before bringing the author before a judge to be incompatible with the requirement of promptness set forth in article 9, paragraph 3 of the Covenant and thus constitutes a violation thereof.
F-14, F-15, F-16, F-18
1.1.1 Increase the serviceability of strategic deployment stocks (2007/08: 93 per cent; 2008/09: 96 per cent; 2009/10: 97 per cent)
Furthermore, this work must be done taking into full account the ongoing developments in other major global processes, in particular the deliberations on the sustainable development goals and the post-2015 United Nations development agenda.
In one case, it was argued that the transfer of criminal proceedings was a routine practice, without concrete examples of implementation.
There is a joint effort among law enforcement authorities, particularly the Office of the Public Prosecutor, and financial institutions.
Note by the Secretary-General listing second periodic reports due in 2002
Apportionment: $1,541,000; expenditure: $1,784,400; variance: ($243,400)
Liupan Mountain
Bresle
390. The source subsequently confirmed that the subject's wife had received compensation for the disappearance and presumed death of her husband.
The PRESIDENT (spoke in Spanish): I declare open the 1115th plenary meeting of the Conference on Disarmament.
Target 1.B
UNICEF, Executive Board, extraordinary budgetary session [Executive Board decision 2000/7]
The source of the gunshots still remains a mystery.
She acted as a contact person for the organization in her faculty and attended meetings on the work of Bijan Djazani, then a very influential leader in Iran.
9. Reiterates paragraph 28 of its resolution 52/226 A of 31 March 1998 and paragraph 30 of its resolution 54/14 of 29 October 1999, related to the issue of conflict of interest, and requests the Secretary-General to ensure their expeditious implementation and to submit the proposals requested in the aforementioned paragraphs to the General Assembly at the main part of its sixty-first session;
The star power the overseas market is very about the prospects.
We set up new inventory controls last year, so we don't have many backlogs any more.
It requested the High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare and submit an analytical report at its sixty-first session on the measures taken to implement its provisions as well as obstacles to their implementation.
Assistant Secretary-General, Controller
Trains cannot compete with planes in terms of convenience and speed.
(ii) Volcanic edifices older than 20 million years;
The majority of Africa's population lives on inadequate incomes.
While a general pool of funds can be established with "callable" funds, the amount that would be available from that pool to individual countries could be determined subsequently, based on the requirements of the country's specific development compact.
8.1 Net ODA, to least developed countries, as percentage of donors' gross national income, from 1990 to 2008
:: Joint UNDG contribution presented to the High-Level Plenary Meeting of the General Assembly on the MDGs (MDG Summit) (third quarter 2010)
The relationship with education is central, and forms an important basis for human resources development policies that encompass the needs of the poorest.
The United Nations, including through my Special Representative for West Africa and High-level Representative to Nigeria, will continue to support the national authorities in securing the safe release of the girls and in addressing the insecurity in the north-eastern part of the country and its humanitarian and human rights consequences.
Another book which he turned into English was The Consolation of Philosophy by Boethius, one of the most famous books of the Middle Ages.
It can predict prognosis , evaluate therapy response and provide selection tools for hypoxia-modifying treatments.
Rise, the measurement between the crotch of the jean and the waistband, is the first category you want to focus on.
There is also an ongoing project at KARI to develop transgenic cp-gene resistant sweet potatoes for Africa.
They also prove that unbridled global rejectionist movements and terrorist groups that know no boundaries and accept no restrictions are capable of undermining our confidence in everything we have achieved so far.
The Secretary-General is proposing to convert the three positions to posts for the period 2013/14 (ibid., paras. 636-642).
For the first time in history a crisis triggered by US housing finance problems is having global ramifications.
This consists of preparing a software programme that will permit representatives, if they so wish, to download on Personal Digital Assistants -- the small gadgets that some of us are using -- practical data such as the daily Journal and other topical information relating to their work at the United Nations.
In spite of a declining trend, abortion still continues to be a widespread method for regulating the birthrate.
United Nations Office at Geneva
(f) The international community should support national efforts to eradicate poverty by creating a favourable international environment and ensuring greater coherence among macroeconomic, trade and social policies.
H.E. Mr. Nurgali Ashimov, Minister of Environmental Protection of Kazakhstan, welcomed participants to Astana, noting that Astana was at the centre of the Eurasian region.
Course construction is an essential work in college teaching construction, it is the core of essential building in college teaching, and the essence of speciality construction.
Tom says with a slightly wrinkled brow, "Oh, no.
Combatants have also restricted civilian access to food and/or other forms of life-saving assistance.
The year could include regional meetings, expert groups, preparation of analytical studies and similar activities, and could culminate in a review session, which would review its work and identify specific issues for in-depth analysis, including policy analysis, during the second year, the policy year;
More recently, there had been a marginal increase in donor alignment and increased contributions to the Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund as a result of intense coordination efforts.
For purposes of demonstrating sufficiency under article 26 of the Regulations, no provision was made for pension adjustments subsequent to 31 December 2001.
B. Education and training of women
Percentage of the 2015 national targets on male circumcision met by 2011
Influence of DC magnetic bias on excitation current of transformer;
(b) Eligible activities: Activities that are eligible for funding from the financial mechanism are those that seek to meet the objectives of the Convention, by assisting eligible Parties to fulfil their obligations under the Convention, in accordance with guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties.
In addition, the Committee encourages the State party to ensure that birth registration procedures are widely known and understood by the population at large.
Transit Transport Cooperation
Why should I inform Alumni Affairs Office of my email and mailing address ?
He was city-bred, and she was country-bred; she often said she wanted her boys to have their papa's nice ways.
Experiments show that, this new viscosimeter is suitable for the measuring of low viscosity.
Let me choose five images that will give an idea of what the awaking of this new life means. I
It is extremely regrettable that despite such a démarche, the authorities of Myanmar used force against the peaceful demonstrators, which brought about casualties, including the death of a Japanese citizen.
To help scientists currently working on bionics research.
The Heads of State and Government of the member nations of the Non-Aligned Movement, while acknowledging the important role that the Movement has played since its inception, expressed their firm conviction that they would continue to make progress towards the attainment of the goals and purposes outlined by the developing countries.
It must be noted that in both developed and developing countries, paid care services have become an increasing sector of the economy and one that is also highly gender specific.
Senador Pompeu
13. Mr. Nsengimana (Rwanda) said that, as Burundi's neighbour, Rwanda wished to see the peace in Burundi consolidated, accompanied by the economic development of its people.
Turn counterclockwise to loosen the cap.
Additional mandates for conference services are found in resolutions adopted regularly by the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, particularly those on the pattern and calendar of conferences and on the control and limitation of documentation.
Forthcoming other activities
39. The UNOG Committee on Contracts, while endorsing the revised contract, advised that the fees for each of the sub-projects be limited by a ceiling.
Situation in Burundi
I just have a funny little wrinkle on the surface of my brain, which makes me think about invisible train platforms.
Welcoming the successful conclusion of the Second United Nations Conference to Review Progress Made in the Implementation of the Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, held in New York from 27 August to 7 September 2012,
Such crises had to be addressed in a comprehensive and holistic manner without ignoring their causes.
The Commission and UNDCP are continuously challenged to become ever more effective, increasing the range, quality and quantity of their work.
These include government subsidies, and other support measures such as tax credits for new power plants, targeted cheap credits or financial guarantees;
Consultants
(h) With regard to the international initiatives launched as part of the global campaign against the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, in May 2003 Switzerland joined the G-8 Global Partnership and plays a part in global chemical disarmament.
10 April 1984a
Land use right for women in rural areas
Not tolerate any he drops his former girlfriend drops in the shadow around!
35. The Chairperson said that he would respond in due course to the letter from the President of the Security Council, conveying the decisions taken by the Organizational Committee at the current meeting and indicating that the Peacebuilding Commission would remain in close contact with the Security Council on the issue of Guinea-Bissau
That means that, where a separate vote or recorded votes were taken, we will do the same.
"Expressing concern that between 1998 and 2003 there has been almost no progress in the rate of representation of women in appointments of one year or more at the Professional and higher levels",
The Committee resumed its consideration of the sub-item.
It is very convenient from here to Shanghai . ( Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, Suzhou ).
In addition, the principle of recovering silver from waste solution and methods of recovering silver are introduced.
1 February 1996a
"Hello, honey pie, " he says in a silly voice and then discusses mundane details of the day.
In advance of the Tenth Congress, States would be invited to communicate their interest in participating in or organizing the workshop activities, to specify their substantive concerns and to submit papers or reports with respect to the agenda of the workshop.
I have to be open for business before the casino is.
8.5 work-months
Maybe I'm sick of being teased.
Other accounts receivable
Finish this report today! When is the paper due
The Government of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea publicly thanked the United Nations system and the donor community for the emergency support.
The Committee noted that Asia and the Pacific was the fastest growing region in the world and that the manufacturing sector, one of the most resource-intensive, was growing steadily.
The trade volume between China and Pakistan among those between China and South Asian countries.
It had ratified the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and its Optional Protocol, and appealed to all States which had not yet done so to do the same.
Training of the judiciary
Materials, colour, and textures
14. It should be recalled that in paragraphs 12 and 13 of the above-mentioned statement of programme budget implications (A/C.5/62/21), it was estimated that a net preliminary amount of $4,895,900 would be required under section 2, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference management, after absorption of $253,100 within the programme budget for the biennium 20082009.
MINURSO
Section 29
I also used 3G and 4G connections on a moving commuter train and as a passenger in a car and averaged all the results together.
Target 2012-2013: zero
It's a tough life being a Latin American president nowadays, with so many summits to go to.
Naturally the delegates itched to see the note.
Since 1982, Chinese experts have been elected four times in succession as representatives on the Committee on Elimination of Discrimination Against Women and participated in evaluating the reports submitted by governments and made strenuous efforts to eliminate discrimination against women.
The accident has increased safety concerns about the landmark railway, which opened one year ahead of schedule.
Given that in several significant cases, the corrupt practices occurred over a very long time, the availability of financial records is essential for subsequent investigations, as well as for asset identification and return.
The United Nations Development Programme will hold informal consultations on the Human Development Report 2002 on Tuesday, 18 September 2001, from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
2. Both substantive and procedural proposals concerning the possibility of increasing the number of permanent and non-permanent members of the Council have been made in the Open-ended Working Group on the Question of Equitable Representation on and Increase in the Membership of the Security Council and Other Matters related to the Security Council.
Whether you pack or eat in the cafeteria, whats important is that you make healthy choices.
Letter dated 12 November 2009 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2009/587)
Later, in the town, I must have heard other fragments of the old woman's story.
Income section
Also, a train strike had been paralyzing traffic for about a week, with only few trains in service here and there.
Photographer Weegee shot to fame with his shocking pics of New York crime in the 30s.
The fluoride contents in drinking water in Beijing district were surveyed rather throughly and were assessed.
One of the most urgent security challenges today is the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their means of delivery.
he was followed by his dog ,whereever he went.
In Belarus, the ratio of girls to men studying in institutions of higher education was 144 to 100.
National coordinating agencies will receive guidance and advice in mobilizing private-sector investment, conducting feasibility studies, developing marketing strategies, identifying effective credit schemes, organizing international round tables, negotiating debt swaps and assisting national authorities seeking extensions or enlargement of current international preferential trade arrangements for selected Andean exports.
12 March 1995
I'm only asking because I am not used to seeing my own reflection wink with both eyes.
The Montreux+5 conference would allow States and international organizations the opportunity to share experiences and identify ways to expand support for the Document.
Establishment of alternative livelihood projects that could provide incomes in drought prone areas;
Algeria
ensuring, through its fee stabilisation policy, that tertiary fees have not gone up since 2000
- Schools and school facilities,
We know that sub-Saharan Africa is still plagued by severe external indebtedness.
The tension tends to extend to a more extensive extent. 354.
Directorships through corporate directors are also registrable.
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) was signed by the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1968 and ratified in 1970, on which occasion the Government made a Statement, explaining its interpretation of the essence and the importance of the Treaty.
 The Unit is fully aware of this provision and strives to meet its share.
After a while, the soldiers suddenly make a brisk appearance, and begin their show of defiant stamping and goose-stepping.
Madam President,To treasure our scarce water resources, we have been actively pursuing water conservation through various publicity campaigns including Announcements in the Public Interest on television and radio, as well as promotional messages printed on water bills.
Mascarene swiftlet
UNOPS shared its disaster mitigation expertise by providing training to more than 20,000 people in disaster preparedness, including a team of experts learning to enhance infrastructure resilience in developing countries.
He shall also take away its crop with its feathers and cast it beside the altar eastward, to the place of the ashes.
Revision from December 26, 2007 21:27:11 by:
24 December 2008
Inspectors assessed the damage caused by the hurricane.
forecast and publicize rural economic information regarding supply and demand of various agricultural products and production materials.
(e) Costs required for legal or expert assistance, medicine and medical services, and psychological and social services.
Organization of work
After being interrogated about their identity and reasons for their trip, they were transferred to Al-Hayr Prison where they have been held in separate cells and isolated from the external world.
Thirty-third
(Linked to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data)
The same occurred in Tawila town itself.
It was suggested that it would be more appropriate to conceive compensation on the basis of the "polluter pays" principle.
While money service providers were at first resistant to regulation, they were even more uncomfortable with the thought that their competitors might operate outside the rules, and so they helped FinTRACA to identify those slow to register.
Great progress had also been made with regard to raising awareness of Strategic Approach issues, and potential donors had been identified to finance related activities.
The accused or his lawyer must have the right to act diligently and fearlessly in pursuing all available defences and the right to challenge the conduct of the case if they believe it to be unfair.
8. In 1998, the Croatian authorities had taken over from the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES).
43. School curricula in Oman are designed to give effect to the principle of equality throughout the educational process.
The Rooms Are Warmly And Uniquely Decorated, Comfortable And Homely With Elegant Features And Fashionable Furnishings.
It was true that the Vienna regime had certain lacunae, but since it was the fruit of a compromise, it could hardly be otherwise.
II. Alignment and harmonization
No response, just a flutter of flanks and a few ear twitches.
Information regarding the Journal of the United Nations
4. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
A United States soldier died as a result of injuries received in a clash with 10 to 15 suspected Taliban fighters about 35 miles west of the Deh Rawood District.
However, in recognition of international practice, a political party registration system was built into the Constitution.
Krasny Kholm, Krasnokholmsky District, Tver Oblast
A special law has also been drafted to assist with the construction of new mosques, and the reconstruction of already existing mosques, in the region of Thrace.
Instead, we observe black holes indirectly by their effects on material around them.
At the national level, the humanitarian/resident coordinator system needs to be further improved.
Many children have also suffered exposure to acts of violence by being sent into battle as combatants.
81. CERD requested that Sweden provide information, within one year, on its follow-up to the recommendations contained in paragraphs 15 (hate crimes), 16 (discrimination in judicial and law enforcement systems), and 20 (Saami land disputes) of its concluding observations.
8. A recorded vote was held on paragraph 26 (b).
Concentrations of 3 - 100 ug/kg wet weight were measured, suggesting deposition of SCCPs from the atmosphere.
Findings and recommendations of the exercises will be presented at a side event during COP 10.
Work of the subsidiary bodies of the Security Council
Such self-contained applications can be easily downloaded and redistributed without the risk of breaking its integrity.
The related comments of the Administrative Committee on Coordination were transmitted to the General Assembly in document A/50/721/Add.1.
Shia Muslims in the oil-rich Eastern Province have repeatedly defied the ban on anti-regime demonstrations.
(Maxim Gorky , Russian writer ) Work banishes those three great evils : boredom , vice, and poverty.
II. Activities of the Special Rapporteur
There have been days when I turned my mood around completely with this one little thing.
Please comment on reports that the Equal Treatment Authority established under the Act on Equal Treatment and the Promotion of Equal Opportunities, that began operating in 2005, is seriously under-funded.
Thomas Hardy Success often depends upon knowing how long it will take to succeed.
Over the past three decades, China has achieved two wonders, i.e., completed historic demographic transition and rapid economic development.
:: Report of the Secretary-General on the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (S/2011/22)
Against this background, and acknowledging the major gaps that remain within the system between policy and practice, HLCP has decided to accord high priority in its work programme to gender issues.
128.18. Proceed swiftly with the ratification of OP-CAT (Estonia);
Kuwait's Sheikha Lulu Al Sabah in February held her country's first-ever contemporary art auction.
I would go through Hellfire if I could but get free from sin at last.
Macroeconomic surveillance
Council for Sustainable Development was briefed on the Government's response on the Council's report on Better Air Quality engagement process
Regarding Western Sahara, Mauritania supports the efforts of the United Nations and its Secretary-General to find a definitive solution to assure stability in the region, a solution that has the support of all parties.
Express our full solidarity with all countries, within and outside our region, that have been victims of such actions,
In addition, the international community should develop at an appropriate time a viable long-term plan composed of phased actions including the conclusion of a convention on the complete prohibition of nuclear weapons.
14. In Views of 30 March 2006, the Human Rights Committee recalled that the imposition of a death sentence upon conclusion of a trial in which the provisions of the Covenant have not been respected constitutes a violation of article 6 if no further appeal against the death sentence is possible.
1. The legal authority
Cash and accounting linkage
(a) The new Constitution of 1999 which enshrines provisions on the rights of the child, notably in its article 11;
Married to Senior Judge (Helsinki Court of Appeal) Varpu Kekomäki; two adult children
If the panel, after considering the views of both parties, determines that the decision has not been implemented and that its implementation would result in irreparable injury to the appellant, it may recommend to the Secretary-General the suspension of action on that decision:
(b) That the Ad Hoc Group of Experts should take as the basis of its work a new working document prepared by the secretariat in the light of ICCD/COP(4)/8 and ICCD/COP(5)/8, noting the progress made in negotiations on the same matter in other relevant environmental conventions;
When do you think you will be home?I won't be more than five minutes.
I last reported to the General Assembly on 15 December 1997 on the progress achieved in the implementation of the peace accords in El Salvador until that date (A/52/731).
With respect to future strategies for the hotel industry in developing countries, several options are open to them, including: full ownership by foreign investors; joint ventures; franchising; management contracts, hotel consortia; and full national ownership.
Finance chiefs of seven leading industrialized nations, known as the G-7, which includes Japan, appeared to endorse such a move in a rare statement.
With the overland routes cut off, the Chinese swarmed to the river through the Hsiakwan gate, which became quickly choked.
I cannot conclude this statement without touching upon the current prevailing situation in Honduras.
Another model is a space built around an individual.
You know what our restaurant is.
20 December 2004
(i) Developing appropriate policies and actions to promote health education and literacy, including among young people, in order to address the lack of awareness about health and, in some cases, harmful practices which significantly inhibit women's and children's access to health-care services, and to ensure respect for human rights, promote gender equality and the empowerment of women as essential means of addressing the health of women and girls, and to address the stigmatization of people living with and affected by HIV and AIDS;
The UNISFA share of the costs for the Centre ($687,700) are set out in section II.H below.
Supporting both the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Political Affairs, its task was to devise a model that delivered quality service to both.
We come to a little flat piece of land which was dry and very thick with trees and bushes and vines, and he says:
Drilling of 2 boreholes to provide water to troops
There are numerous people in the square.
Target 2012-2013: 50 per cent
If so requested, the court may give the adopted child either the family name of the adopting parent or the family name of the adopting parent's spouse.
That's for blasphemy.
- Within the framework of COMESA, participated in two meetings of the Legal Committee (May 1999 and April 2000, held in Nairobi and Lusaka, respectively) in an effort to harmonize member States' national legislations on certain issues of international law and other related issues, including immigration control mechanisms; work permit, residency and citizenship application procedures, as the case may be; and legal mechanisms for the repatriation or expulsion of immigrants.
At its meeting on 15 December 2008, the Working Group adopted the present report.
Europe imposed its system of governance, values, and more recently, approaches to trade, long claiming that Africans need to be trained, to modernize, and to emphasize “capacity building.”
Their involvement in terrorism encompasses a broad range of activities: bombing attacks including suicide bombings, hostage-taking resulting in death, bomb-making, terrorist intelligence operations, terrorist training, document forgery, and the provision of a range of financial and material support, including the funding and control of a website used to post Al-Qaida-related statements and images.
41. Third, following their formulation, national strategies must be implemented.
You should keep an eye contact with the interviewer when are during the interview.
UNIDO
The Netherlands recommended that the United Kingdom keep the Human Rights Council informed about counter-terrorism legislation and the safeguards to protect human rights.
through collaboration between FAO and WHO, enhance measures to tackle food borne diseases.
Although the season was tolerably far advanced, there were still a few late flowers in the hedge-rows here and there, whose odor as he passed through them in his march recalled to him memories of his childhood.
Introduction Mandate
(g) Human rights;
Today, establishment opinion-makers, who scornfully rejected the pertinence of social class, have contributed to a political environment in which class politics was never more pertinent, toxic, and less discussed.
80 per cent of men and women, whether left or right handed, turned their heads to the right when moving in on their target.
Computer maintenance ($1,300 per staff member per year)
Venue and dates for the third session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Legal Officer for administration of justice matters
Steinalben
The Committee was also informed that the amount of the anticipated cost savings was not yet final.
He demands high standards, we all demand high standards, so I think there is a good working relationship going forward.
P-4/3
In the interests of sustainable food production, his Government promoted and protected cooperatives and microenterprises but opposed large landholdings, which were contrary to the needs of the majority.
- Request from the Secretary-General of additional information/reports on specific issues or parties
as if that quality of her father which had thwarted her woman's life so many times had been too virulent and too furious to die.
People from Yerevan
40. The meeting considered the Investment Policy Review (IPR) of the Dominican Republic (UNCTAD/ITE/IPC/2007/9).
This decision is a demonstration of the sponsors' willingness to engage constructively on this issue moving forward.
? CHANGZHOU KENNON ELECTRONICS CO., LTD.
In contrast, a "conflict of interest" refers to a situation in which an individual could secure a direct and material gain as a result of involvement in the Platform.
I Killed My Mother
Exploring ways of giving fuller consideration to transfer of technology and innovation issues in regional trade agreements and of deepening regional approaches to technology and innovation cooperation.
Production of raw materials: sand, gravel, cement, ash can add large, slag and other industrial wastes.
Arnbruck
" Diogenes held that the good man was self-sufficient and did not require material comforts or wealth.He believed that wealth and possessions constrained humanitys natural state of freedom.In keeping with his philosophy,he was perefectly satisfied with making his home in a large tub discarded from the temple of Cybele,the goddess of nature.
The register is listed in chronological order of the date of ASPs.
- Create networks of local Non-Governmental Organizations nationwide and support their international communication in order to strengthen the quantity and quality of female presence in economic, social and cultural spheres.
Hong Kong Island   Islands
Sometimes they speak, sometimes they break into song.
Norway prohibited vessels flying its flag from fishing in areas managed by RFMOs of which it was not a member.
(b) Organizational, administrative and financial arrangements of the United Nations Development Programme in support of South-South cooperation.
Aggravating factors in the crime of human trafficking. Article 367-(c).- The crime referred to in article 367-B of this Code shall be subject to the maximum corresponding penalty increased by up to one third, and disqualification from practising the profession for the duration of the sentence, in the following cases:
UNCTAD
The State Taxation Administration must, in combination with the deepening of reform in taxation administration, earnestly do this job well in organization, guidance, supervision and inspection.
CCPR/C/GUA/1999/2
Report of the Secretary-General on the midterm assessment of the progress made in the achievement of the goal and objectives of the Second International Decade of the World's Indigenous People (A/65/166)
Primary school teachers are demanding parity with those in secondary schools.
Advertising
Oh, it is a conjuror, said Little Claus; and he says we need not eat porridge, for he has conjured the oven full of roast meat, fish, and pie
The recommendations included proposals for grants for the fellows to carry out their own training workshops, the elaboration of a trainers' manual and other training materials, and the establishment of an international association of indigenous fellows.
A delegation expressed the view that the Department should not exceed its mandate in regard to document length, and in particular should not intervene before the documents were written, as that would inevitably affect document quality.
The improvement is the result of regular reviews by UNIFIL to ensure that only valid obligations are retained in the accounts.
12-16 June 2006
We know that it is our responsibility to do more for ourselves.
The independent review of the OHCHR/UNDP/Asia Pacific Forum of National Human Rights Institutions capacity assessment project included a stakeholders meeting in Bangkok, in September 2012.
29. In a letter dated 27 March 2009, the Prime Minister commended the crucial efforts of UNODC under the operational plan to combat drug trafficking and organized crime.
He lay there behind the stove for eight years, and his father grew tired of him, and thought, "if only he would die.
Progress made on these Priorities and further recommendations for action will be considered at the next session of the Forum, in 2003.
1. Requests the secretariat to revise the format for the curricula vitae contained in annex II of ICCD/COP(5)/5/Add.1, taking into account non-governmental organizations;
I gagged him with a towel.
Legally binding commitments on marking and tracing, as well as on brokering, could be further pursued.
Accordingly, the consequence of the State party's denial of legal aid to such an individual was to open the possibility of examination of the complaint by an international instance, though without the benefit of the domestic courts first addressing the claim.
Elemental mercury, mercury oxide
(e) Not all agencies use satellite-based communications and navigation technology.
Lynette: Do you know what psychological warfare is?
A detector allowed the researchers to track radiation and by - products created by the high - energy collisions.
Monocomponent acrylic cathodic electrophoretic coating was prepared by copolymerization of blocked unsaturated isocyanate and acrylate monomers.
92. A recorded vote was taken.
Niger
The Office of Legal Affairs of the United Nations, Malaysia, Costa Rica and Italy made oral submissions.
Rule 2
As it had already found that Serbia and Montenegro was not a party to the Statute when instituting proceedings, the Court accordingly found that Article 37 could not give it access to the Court under Article 35, paragraph 2, on the basis of the conventions dating from the early 1930s, irrespective of whether or not those instruments were in force on 29 April 1999, the date of the filing of the Application.
'This is the way the technology markets work,' he said.
The Committee approved its programme of work, as contained in document A/C.4/61/L.1
According to information received, on 29 April 2013, Mr. Abdurakhmonov's brother, living in Tajikistan, received a phone call from Mr. Abdurakhmonov's exwife saying that he had been detained on 27 April 2013 by members of the National Security Service of Uzbekistan.
/[^#39^#102^#108^#230^#116^#601]/v. Virtue Many years after receiving my graduate degree, I returned to the State University of New York at Binghamton as a faculty member.
133. Design and implement effective programmes to guarantee successful schooling of pregnant teenagers and adolescent mothers; consideration should also be given to the possibility of providing food and childcare services during school hours.
Extroverts prefer lively conversation to brooding on the meaning of life.
Agenda item 55: Globalization and interdependence (continued)
Amend paragraph 12, line 1 to read
Chairman: Mr. Ole Peter Kolby (Norway)
Robert T. WATSON
The rationale behind this might be that "actors" are to be influenced to carry out "processes" which make people aware of the necessity to "adequately address" DLDD.
Wah Heng Toys (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. - Quality Approval Laboratory
As stressed by the United Nations Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, the broader agenda for women's empowerment must integrate and prioritize efforts to combat violence against women.
And now, shipmates, this black spot
Air Vanuatu
The offence is subject to a fine of $50,000 ($20,000 for an offence committed before 1 August 1994 and $25,000 for an offence committed between 1 August 1994 and 18 July 1995), and treble the amount of the tax undercharged and 3-year imprisonment.
Blood donation
Experience suggests that a clearer division of responsibility among the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council is required.
Lastly, data on condom use, the number of people receiving ART and the percentage of HIV-positive pregnant women receiving antiretroviral treatment to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV are also included in the wallchart.
Convention for the suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
United Nations information centres were involved in a number of activities: the United Nations Information Centre in Accra provided media support and arranged press briefings for a Security Council mission, which met the President of the Republic of Ghana in his capacity as President of AU in June 2007.
On the contrary, the world of the twenty-first century in which we live is becoming ever more precarious, unpredictable and certainly more dangerous -- perhaps more than at any other time in history.
8)Have you gotten any special training in ...
The five major freshwater river basins in the North-East Asian subregion - the Chiangjiang (Yangtze), Huanghe (Yellow) and Songliao river basins in China, and the Orkhon and Tuul River basins in Mongolia - suffer from a scarcity of water resources, poor water use efficiency, weak basin management and coordination and a lack of safe drinking water, particularly in rural areas.
(b) Provide mandatory training on patients' human rights to medical professionals and social workers;
The agenda was adopted without objection.
He stressed that only if solid advances were made at the Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, to be held in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China in December 2005, could negotiations on the Doha Development Agenda be concluded realistically by 2006.
6. Communications
(a) Complete elimination of nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons material and its verification;
She looked at me differently from anyone who had ever looked at me before.
The accumulated losses from the three forest-management contracts would total more than $14 million for the communities and more than $14 million for the counties over the 25-year period (see table 5).
Additive inverse
What is the explanation for this rather counter-intuitive result?
Article 11 A complainant choosing to present an opinion, proposal or request through personal appearance shall go to a reception site established or designated by the relevant administrative authority
Since the presupposition that religions in themselves must be protected was not acceptable to the European Union, it had been unable to propose amendments to a text whose approach it did not share.
5. Václav Mikulka, Director of the Codification Division of the Office of Legal Affairs, acted as Secretary of the Ad Hoc Committee, assisted by Anne Fosty (Deputy Secretary).
In accordance with the Midrand Declaration, as well as other mandates and commitments covering specific areas of the work programme (such as Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/46, the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development at its sixth session and the memorandum of understanding between UNCTAD and UNIDO), the subprogramme will: maintain liaison, cooperate and coordinate with governmental and intergovernmental bodies, including regional groupings, national and international business organizations, professional associations, trade unions, academia, private enterprises and non-governmental organizations dealing with issues relating to foreign direct investment, science and technology for development, enterprise development and accounting; maintain liaison with international organizations, particularly the World Bank, regional development banks, IMF, ILO, WIPO, UNIDO, UNESCO, WTO and OECD; collaborate closely with UNDP, including in launching the World Investment Report, and with other United Nations departments and regional commissions and their bodies, including regional centres for technology; and carry out joint research and technical cooperation with the above-mentioned organizations, including participation in advisory boards, coordinating councils and workshops;
112 Alcoholic beverages
The new legislation would provide stronger safeguards for fundamental freedoms and civil liberties.
You know what? this is all ridiculous.
It requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Human Rights Council at its relevant session and to the Assembly at its sixty-ninth session a comprehensive report on the implementation of the resolution.
Monitoring and reporting on the protection situation in the Sudan on a weekly basis through identification and analysis of protection gaps and violations, provision of recommendations and advocacy to and follow-up with national and local authorities, and all relevant parties, to address those protection issues
In management, as in music, there is a base clef as well as a treble.
Sixty-third session
Noting with concern that unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction and on the high seas/illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing remains as one of the most severe problems currently affecting world fisheries and the sustainability of marine living resources, and noting also that unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction and on the high seas/illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing has a detrimental impact on the food security and the economies of many States, particularly developing States,
The Church believed God's earth and God's children were the center of the universe, and the Catholic Church the unquestioned voice of God who spoke from Rome.
With these thoughts in mind, the Commission might consider the following language for a new paragraph 3:
25-04-2009 : Live chicken supply
These procedures did not constitute a separate topic of discussion, however it was clearly established that within the region there is a well-developed set of oceanographic data and analytical capacity.
People whom have never actually taken part in the act of infidelity would probably also deny the allegation of ever experiencing a momentary thought of infidelity.
 The success of our Organization is therefore dependent, at one and the same time, on our international, collective and personal actions.
43. CRC recommended that Denmark: strengthen its efforts to prevent commercial sexual exploitation of children, including through the development of a national plan of action on commercial sexual exploitation of children; criminalize the distribution of erotic images involving children; strengthen measures aimed at the recovery and reintegration of victims; and train law enforcement officials, social workers and prosecutors.
That blockade imposed by the occupying Power is in violation of article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention, which prohibits collective punishment under any circumstances.
" If you intend the document to be a legally binding contract, use the word "Contract" in the title.17Write in short sentences.
128.80 Reform the penitentiary system in order to lessen prison overcrowding and ensure the necessary sanitary conditions for inmates, enhance access to medical services and reduce to a minimum and investigate harsh treatment or abuse of authority by prison personnel (Russian Federation);
Indeed, the cost of labor in Africa is competitive enough that Ethiopia could attract companies from countries as poor as Bangladesh.
Please give me an aisle seat.
The poor and the oppressed may not have much, but they do have the numbers, which is what matters at the ballot box.
With regard to the physical protection of facilities and materials, the Act on Industrial Safety and Quality contains provisions for the prevention and limitation of risks such as fire, explosion or any other event that may cause burns.
(c) A third workshop on pre-2020 ambition focusing on energy transformation, including scaling up renewable energy, enhancing energy efficiency and the consideration of carbon capture and storage, held on 7 June and facilitated by Mr. Hussein Alfo Nafo (Mali).
:: International Labour Organization: Submission to the Working Group of the Ad Hoc Committee to consider proposals for a comprehensive and integral international convention on protection and promotion of the rights and dignity of persons with disabilities.
During these 'ah-ha' moments, it is no doubt that your mind is completely powered up and probably working in another gear of the brain.
7. Groups in special circumstances
In Dominica, the death penalty was the maximum penalty for murder, although it was imposed only in the most serious killings.
Montagne, Gironde
Establishments in Kansas by year
We congratulate the Nicaraguan Government on the steps it has taken to implement the national poverty reduction strategy, to strengthen its financial system and to design policies that favour sustainable economic growth.
He buried himself in the country.
As increasingly recognized, the most complete picture of the nature and extent of crime is provided by a combination of population-based surveys and police-recorded crime statistics.
Children aged 14 to 18 may be employed to do light work during school vacations.
CE's Notice no. 20/2007
(i) Recognizing the diversity within countries and regions as identified through concerted needs assessment;
Experts in the area of gender equality are more actively and frequently included in the drafting of these laws.
The Panel has taken the necessary steps to avoid any such duplication.
Meanwhile, Apple, the US technology company, set a new standard in turning the mobile internet into a user-friendly experience with its much hyped iPhone.
NO REFUNDS
The following eight categories of data to be reported upon were adopted by the participating States: importation, exportation, manufacture, holdings, collection and destruction, donations, surpluses and licenses.
As a consequence thereof, the claimant alleged that he was unable either to earn an income or to service the monthly mortgage payments.
The two of us stood in the middle of a large, open-plan office and let rip.
General category
She listens.
Increased number of statistical surveys for producing relevant, timely, accurate and gender-disaggregated industrial data.
The Council also began to generate mandates that invoked Chapter VI and Chapter VII of the Charter jointly.
By adopting the structure, the equal wall thickness hollow screw pump rotor saves a great deal of material;
UNITAR
Israel
Request for hearing
WIPO World Intellectual Property Organization
Delegations took note of the significant increase in UNHCR's budget in recent years and the funding gap that exists.
Collaboration with APEC is challenging as ESCAP and APEC have considerably different memberships and APEC is, to a large extent, a political organization that encourages voluntary commitments from its members in trade.
Other assessed
E. Health care 136 - 138 23
The officer granted her suit.
(b) Additional requirements for within-Mission travel as a result of the increased number of activities throughout the Mission area in the second half of the period, relating to the roll-out of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, and to the elections, as well as to an increase in the number of internal training programmes carried out in Khartoum and Juba.
States should ensure that they do not erect barriers to prevent legitimate cases from being brought before the courts in situations where judicial recourse is an essential part of accessing remedy or alternative sources of effective remedy are unavailable.
In October 2009, 24 boys between the ages of 14 and 17 were separated from the Kamina centre.
Since a forced marriage constitutes a violation of human rights that is prohibited by several international standards, the draft law aims at protecting the victim in his or her right to conclude a marriage of his or her own free will, and to protect his or her liberty, dignity, and physical integrity.
VI. CONCLUDING REMARKS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
In this regard, the draft resolution provides further impetus to the nuclear-weapon States to continue meeting their obligations under article VI of the NPT.
Miguel A. Catalán
A framework for follow-up activities in the country is being drawn up under a project funded by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), to be implemented jointly with the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat.
34.There's no hidden    charges
I [ B ] have nothing to do with my ex - husband anymore.
He was in court today as prosecutors questioned whether his attorneys have a potential conflict of interest.
The amounts indicated in respect of each item correspond to those recommended by the Fifth Committee upon its consideration of individual statements and proposals for revised estimates.
Following UNDCP legal advice, all central Asian States have become parties to the three United Nations drug control conventions.
You'll have to leave now; visiting hours are over. visiting hoursnurse, ward, patient, symptom, treatment You will have to stand in line to make a deposit.
This will not only ensure a broad consultative process but also greatly facilitate the work of the ISWGNA by helping set the stage for the more formal updating mechanism approved by the Statistical Commission.
137. Since 1993 there have been several changes in the legislation aimed at providing greater protection for families and children.
18 June 2010
(b) Greater cooperation, within each region and subregion, between the Office for Disarmament Affairs and States and international, regional and subregional organizations, in the areas of disarmament and non-proliferation in all its aspects as well as regional and international peace and security
Mindful of the modalities for the participation of observer States and entities, and other observers in the work of the United Nations, as set out in the respective resolutions,
The old man's face is branded with the lines of pressure and exhaustion that have accumulated over the years.
Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them.
451. Similar concerns are raised regarding the probable effects of the new immigration policy on racial harmony and the implementation of the Treaty of Waitangi (Fisheries Settlement Act) 1992.
The Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management made concluding remarks.
In order to address that concern, it was suggested that a substantive law rule might be included in the draft Convention which would apply only in case the applicable law did not deal with the matter.
(a) Decides that the 2015 regular session of the Committee on NonGovernmental Organizations will be held from 26 January to 3 February and on 13 February, and its resumed session from 26 May to 3 June and on 12 June;
We kept the same front wing on the first stop, otherwise it would take too late.
Objective To study clinical application value of Compound titanore in e suppository administered after hemorrhoidectomy.
15 years
It stressed the need for standards and regulations to improve the efficiencies, given the lack of effectiveness of measures aimed at influencing energy prices.
He has everything he needs; he has nothing to grumble about.
Resources of the Centre
They also commented on various other aspects, including the selection of the head of the new Evaluation Office; the roles and responsibilities of regional advisers and regional offices with regard to evaluation as stipulated in the revised evaluation policy; transparency and knowledge sharing; and the need for UNFPA to make transitional arrangements when implementing the policy.
"Recognizing also that in many countries the prerequisites for achieving the purposes of the World Programme of Action are economic and social development, extended services provided to the whole population in the humanitarian area, the redistribution of resources and income and an improvement in the living standards of the population,
There are numerous experiences at the grass-roots level which can aid in reaching a better understanding of the importance of microcredit, as well as the difficulties faced by those living in extreme poverty in their attempts to benefit from such programs.
Capacity-building framework for high-quality corporate reporting: Assessment questionnaire
4. The proportions of female and male academic staff in academia differentiated by grades A, B and C and in total.
The President: I now give the floor to the representative of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
He is personally leading an investigation into the scandal.
But the course of history may change rapidly.
Nonetheless, following that investigation, the Chief of the General Staff ordered the implementation of the lessons learned from the investigation, particularly with regard to the use of such munitions near populated areas and sensitive installations.
A. United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
458. The Committee notes with concern that the employment of persons with disabilities has significantly decreased in recent years.
It has spurred several States to take new measures or to strengthen the existing measures to effectively prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction.
Kevin: Very good. We be expecting to hear from you. And thanks for calling.
Abbreviations: EIT = economies in transition, LULUCF = land use, land-use change and forestry.
This is the third time that the Spanish courts have rejected Bacardi's challenge to the rights over the trademark of the company, which has its headquarters in Cuba, since Bacardi brought proceedings before he courts of Madrid in 1999 with a view to recognition as the owner of the trademark in Spain and cancellation of the registration in the name of its competitor, Havana Club Holding.
This programme is sponsored by the Government of China and hosted by Nanjing University, with support from the United Nations.
(d) The establishment of a national working group on the Death Penalty;
Implementation of resolution 1327 (2000), S/PRST/1996/13 and S/PRST/1994/22.
A total of 29 courses for 356 international staff, comprising 22 courses for 248 international staff on the upgrading of technical and substantive skills and 7 courses for 108 international staff on leadership, management and organizational development, are planned.
In the most magnificent vistas and in the smallest details, look closely, for that goodness always comes shining through
Have you got the tinder-box?
3. To review progress in the implementation of the mandate of UNMIL and assess the appropriate timing and modalities for the Mission's drawdown in the light of the report of the Secretary-General dated 16 April 2012 (S/2012/230).
United Nations Day Concert
Better intra-system coordination of relevant activities, consistent with international human rights standards, is one of the fundamental themes of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action.
Peacekeeping operation
Everytime is emergency, it's safe when you know what is Self-preservation. . .
The Egyptian delegation also stresses the importance of the International Criminal Court's continuing to pursue a balanced approach in its work by adopting a policy accentuating its judicial nature and avoiding the politicization of its work so as to ensure its impartiality and independence and allow it to assume its legal and moral role and obligations.
rules (article 37) 395 121 international organization (article A) 396 122
Rapid economic growth was necessary for poverty reduction.
But first I had to find a boyfriend.
Permanent Mission of Belgium
You will starve to death, if you don't eat.
Statement submitted by Disabled Peoples International, a nongovernmental organization in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003
Do you feel anything right now?
SUMMARY OF MEETINGS
They interest me because they're very like human beings, they're so stupid.
The parliamentary taskforce's recommendation regarding seizure, during the investigation phase, of all movable and immovable goods of the person under investigation was integrated into the Draft Law and adopted at the first reading.
VI. ICT and associated opportunities and challenges related to socioeconomic development
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
Welcoming the resolution adopted by the Commission for Social Development on 27 February 2002 on further promotion of equalization of opportunities by, for and with persons with disabilities and protection of their human rights,
3rd meeting 4th meeting
Cooperative housing societies provide housing adapted to residents' ability to pay, and offer a solution to the housing problems of people on low incomes.
Abstaining: India.
Japan , for example, remains bedridden almost 20 years after meltdown.
WoC acts as a bridge between the Government and the women's organizations in reflecting their concerns and needs.
We can breathe more freely now that the crisis has passed
1575 deaths
(a) Taking all necessary and appropriate action, in conformity with international standards of human rights, to combat hatred, intolerance and acts of violence, intimidation and coercion motivated by intolerance based on religion or belief, as well as incitement to hostility and violence, with particular regard to religious minorities, and devoting particular attention to practices that violate the human rights of women and discriminate against women, including in the exercise of their right to freedom of thought, conscience, religion or belief;
175. The Council held a discussion on the transport of dangerous goods (agenda item 13 (l)) at its 49th meeting, on 25 July (for the discussion, see E/2003/SR.49).
The directive has created concern among the political parties, who contend that it has the potential for abuse and could limit legitimate political activities.
(h) where applicable, give details of the property to be traced, restrained, seized or confiscated, and of the grounds for believing that the property is believed to be in the requested State;
Conclusion reversectomy combined with AMT is a valuable method for the treatment of pterygium.
Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Guinea-Bissau to facilitate presidential elections
When you check a box in the membership view, the view issues an Ajax call to update the associated model on the server.
Energy for Sustainable Development
Other eligible--and admired--professions were education, at 14 percent, and science and technology, at 10 percent.
Nowadays, much of the shareholder activism against the industry focuses on the extent to which firms’ hydrocarbon reserves ultimately may prove commercially nonviable as the world shifts away from fossil fuels.
The UNOPS selection of policies for the valuation of the annual leave liability is based on United Nations-wide decisions.
The United Kingdom and France – which are one-third the size of China – each have a 4.3% share.
21. In 2009, the ILO Committee of Experts observed that, although Jamaica's legislation prohibits the sale and trafficking of girls under the age of 18, boys under 18 years are not protected, and requested Jamaica to provide information on the measures taken to ensure that the sale and trafficking of both boys and girls below 18 was effectively prohibited.
International and regional peacekeepers were deployed by the Security Council in six countries: the Central African Republic, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Liberia and the Sudan.
For Mr Liu insists one of his sheep has given birth to a dog.
Members of Parliament (Elected and NCMP)
35.3 The growth in staff assessment ($6,438,300) reflects a net increase in staff assessment requirements related to the delayed impact of new posts approved in the biennium 2006-2007, and post and other staff costs adjustments proposed for 2008-2009.
SIXTH COMMITTEE 16th and 17th meetings
We have been following developments in the Middle East with concern and compassion.
Systematic knowledge possessed as result of study or practice is science.
65. In Australia, researchers have noted a growing acceptance of and rise in the abuse of heroin.
The conduct of a person or group of persons shall be considered an act of a State under international law if the person or group of persons is in fact acting on the instructions of, or under the direction or control of, that State in carrying out the conduct.
Section 12. Environment
The note on Commercial Fraud submitted by United Nations Commission on International Trade Law covers a wide range of indicators of commercial fraud, gives examples of these fraudulent practices and demonstrates the possible ways to escape from becoming victims of such kinds of practices.
E/1990/5/Add.45 (E/C.12/2001/SR.44-46)
Europe must develop a long-term strategy tied to programs and monitoring mechanisms that will deliver real change on the ground.
If you touch her,I'll kill you myself.
34. In the light of the results of my Special Envoy's mission and other relevant circumstances described in the present report, the Council may wish to consider, as one option, extending the mandate of MINURSO for four months ending on 31 May 1996.
As we promised, to face the world drowsily in our most languid positions.
I believe that one day Emily will be recognized as a saint.
Under section 34 of the Schools Act, elementary education is compulsory.
"10. Recognizes the importance of restoring confidence in the rule of law as a key element of transitional justice";
 (a) Continue, through its Working Group, consideration of the question of early review and possible revision of the principles relevant to the use of nuclear power sources in outer space;
Immediate objective: to assist countries in the region in meeting their commitments under the Decade of Action for Road Safety (2011-2020).
The target age group for cervical screening is women aged 20 to 64.
It also allows for qualitative measures to be included and recognises that the four perspectives interrelate.
9 On the global monitoring of the Millennium development goals, see the report of the Secretary-General on implementation of the United Nations Millennium Declaration (A/57/270), and for Africa in particular, see the report entitled "Development goals in Africa: promises and progress", prepared by UNDP and UNICEF in June, 2002.
Toi sent Joram his son to King David to greet him and bless him, because he had fought against Hadadezer and defeated him; for Hadadezer had been at war with Toi.
The National Police of Timor-Leste and Timor-Leste Defence Force command will be committed to institutionalizing human rights training of their police and troops.
 2. The Commission recalled that Agenda 21 1/ stated that a significant strengthening of both national and international efforts was needed to achieve an environmentally sound management of chemicals.
It is my hope that all countries and peoples that love peace and long for progress will work hand in hand and impel history towards a bright future.
And he carried away all his cattle, and all his goods which he had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan
Objective:To study the efficacy and safety of fusidic acid in treatment of skin and soft tissue infections.
In order to reinforce safety measures, temporary stationing of the vehicle of the Permanent Representative in the Secretariat circle will be limited to clearly marked parking areas.
- Suggestions for the Committee.
Families are of vital importance for achieving the Summit goals for children and the forward-looking strategies for the advancement of women.
 (a) With reference to paragraph 14, the Government of India would like to reiterate that the concept of "race" in India as recognized under the Constitution is distinct from "caste".
The armed forces were under the command of an ECOWAS General from Nigeria until February 2014, when he was replaced by a Liberian Chief of Staff.
So by sending SMS to a beautiful sister, her sister said she was OK with me, so decided to go.
Of course, such a process needs hours and hours of work, but people don't often pay what the fish is worth.
The Government is therefore preparing an action plan for:
However, the problems inherent in this approach should not be underestimated, particularly at a time when the Council has embarked upon the ambitious path of active involvement in a wide variety of situations.
We thank him for assuming the responsibility of a second term, and we appreciate the great sacrifices borne by his family as they support him in his work to serve the international community and humankind itself.
(a) The accounts of the United Nations are maintained in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations adopted by the General Assembly, the rules formulated by the Secretary-General as required under the regulations, and administrative instructions issued by the Under-Secretary-General for Management, or the Controller.
"2. Calls upon the States of the region to place all their nuclear facilities under International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards;
It is a dangerous practice to get off a bus before It'stops.
11. The draft strategic plan describes the broad implementation modalities envisaged for achieving results.
Often when I feel like I can't think of anything to say, there are actually lots of potential conversation topics passing through my mind.
BIBS curriculum focuses on strengthening students'skills in a variety of areas.
He was showered with flowers and gifts throughout the concert.
He has few friends in Hong Kong.
Creation and imposition of administrative penalty shall be based on facts and shall be in correspondence with the facts, nature and seriousness of the violations of law and damage done to society.
The representative of Guatemala made a statement.
(b) The report on progress made in implementing activities under the Nairobi work programme on impacts, vulnerability and adaptation to climate change (NWP).
Some States indicated the importance of looking at root causes, as sometimes offences committed by a child were the result of a whole set of problems, including extreme poverty.
Global Witness says Chinese purchases of illegal Myanmar timber have resumed since then, but remain below pre-2006 levels.
59. Some developed States had made pledges to provide official development assistance amounting to 0.7 per cent of their gross domestic product.
In South-East Asia, the Comprehensive Plan of Action of the International Conference on Indo-Chinese Refugees had been a success.
enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
The Panel directed an interrogatory to Arabian Drilling with its Procedural Order of 20 May 1999 in which the claimant was directed to respond to the questions in the article 34 notification by 21 July 1999.
If you fancy giving it a go without having to get up at the crack of dawn every day Farm Frenzy is the game for you!
The ship was in European waters.
I thought that you should be one Thanks You're welcome.
S/2005/90
Mr. Endre Zador
50. With regard to article 11, paragraph 3, the obligation on the State of origin to suspend for a reasonable period an activity which involved a risk of harm, if so requested by the State likely to be affected, could place an excessive burden on the State of origin for a number of reasons.
Sometimes she could fancy that he talked less than on former occasions, and once or twice pleased herself with the notion that as he looked at her, he was trying to trace a resemblance
(b) Review of the status of the preparatory process for the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries
Also, use the flash to minimize shadows when your subject is backlit
Implement sustainable low-carbon transport initiatives to mitigate the causes of global climate change and to fortify national energy security, and to report the inventory of all greenhouse gases emitted from the transport sector in the National Communication to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change;
Fine
d Expenditures that could not be broken down by sector; these include Programme and biennial support budgets as well as other development support services.
In 2008 OAI established internal standard operating procedures stipulating the procedural steps required to ensure that any action taken by OAI when disclosing audit reports is in line with the UNDP oversight policy and the corresponding decision 2008/37.
According to the supplementary information provided, the lost or stolen assets include data processing equipment with an inventory value of $713,501 (residual value $253,764) and prefabricated buildings with an inventory value of $185,585 (residual value $78,187).
Most cherry tree varieties blossom for only a few days each spring.
In view of the letter dated 15 August 2003 addressed to you by the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya related to the bombing of Pan Am 103 (S/2003/818) and in the light of the actions and commitments that form the background to the letter, the Governments of the United Kingdom and the United States of America are prepared to allow the lifting of the measures set forth by the Council in its resolutions 748 (1992) and 883 (1993) once the necessary sums referred to in the Libyan letter have been transferred to the agreed escrow account.
As a peace-loving country and a vibrant democracy, Taiwan is willing to carry out these solemn obligations because it adheres unconditionally to the United Nations ideals of international peace and security, respect for human rights and sustainable development.
The working language of the seminar shall be English.
Thepaper argues that functional equivalence, principle of least efforts and tact maxim canserve as the theoretic basis for zero translation.
Intra-Latin America and the Caribbean: Fifteen per cent of FDI stock in LAC originates within the region (table 3); the main host economies, by far, are the offshore financial centres of the Caribbean.
Annex I Terms of reference and composition of the Friends of the Chair group on the measurement of international trade and economic globalization
In this paper , we discuss and replenish Liouville formula of linear differential equation.
Placed in a room more vitality and filled with the harvest scene!
Switzerland
9. The Minister suggested that the Panel also meet with relevant agencies regarding its findings and asked when the Government would be able to review the draft report.
Promotion and protection of human rights (A/64/81) [69]
Where this was not possible, the evaluation noted that sector/cluster leads should consider inviting their co-leads or other members to chair funding discussions.
dont scold.The action was more frank and fearless than any I was habituated to indulge in: somehow it pleased her
In Taiwan, which China claims as part of its territory, such worries were highlighted yesterday by a warning that more than 1,000 Chinese missiles, up from 800 last year, are expected to target the island, according to Taiwanese defence officials
The Netherlands has good access to reproductive healthcare.
The possibility of our winning is very down.
Article 39 The State Council and the Central Military Commission may, when necessary, decide that emergency training shall be conducted with respect to reserve officers.
The report presents progress made on organizational restructuring and other major transformational developments that took place up to February 2013 and which are reported in detail in focus area 6.
On 21 August the President received a letter from the Permanent Representative of the Sudan (S/1998/786) requesting an urgent meeting of the Security Council to discuss the situation in the Sudan following the American strike and to send a technical mission to Khartoum to establish the facts surrounding the activities of the Al-Shifa pharmaceutical plant.
Hanging dyadic air - conditioning outside manages meter of number money?
But while overseas study has its drawbacks , the difficulties are far outweighed by the advantages.
(c) The Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, on 12 February 2003, and the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflict, on 13 August 2003;
What's the matter?
Budget Suites of America
III. Progress in implementation of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests/Intergovernmental Forum on Forests proposals for action related to monitoring, assessment and reporting, and concepts, terminology and definitions
- United Nations Security Council Resolutions on Terrorism
(c) Absence of promotion of an ethical culture in the Organization.
Harriet Cornelia Mills
It is not necessary to use ill - got - ten gains to pay lawyers.
Until a few months ago few people outside the arcane world of contemporary music had heard of Gorecki.
I had an opportunity to see for myself some of the unspeakable damage and painful reality on the ground when I visited the Chernobyl region of Ukraine and Belarus four years ago in my capacity as Coordinator of International Cooperation on Chernobyl.
B. Positive aspects
Dodson Peninsula
:: any impediments under your domestic law in this context and steps taken to address them.
In view of all these realities and in the interests of justice and peace, the Government of Eritrea calls on the Security Council:
Article 35 Where an enterprise or individual that does not hold a tobacco monopoly retail license engages in the retail sale of tobacco products, the administrative department for industry and commerce shall order it or him/her to stop retail business, confiscate the illegal income derived therefrom and concurrently impose a fine.
Today environmental groups are fighting proposals to open protected areas of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska to oil drilling.
7. The Committee welcomes the establishment of the National Human Rights Commission in 2009 and notes that it became operational in September 2012.
Outsourcing may not be considered if it will result in any breach of established procedures and processes;
5. The success achieved by the Arab States in the issuance of the Middle East resolution, with the condition of indefinite extension of the Non-Proliferation Treaty, has led them to hasten the accession of the Arab States not already parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, which in turn led the 2000 Review Conference to be characterized by the accession of all the Arab States to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and becoming parties to it.
We all live on the same planet which is witnessing an alarmingly rapid increase in its atmospheric temperature.
It is difficult for students to kick against the teacher.
Benjamin, on the contrary, was perfectly at home, and ate a lettuce leaf.
The sponsors of the draft resolution are listed in documents A/C.1/63/L.5 and A/C.1/63/CRP.3** and Add.3 and Add.4.
The Fund is exempt from taxation by Member States in accordance with Article 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and article II, section 7 (a), of the 1946 Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations.
The NCWC and the RBP hold further discussions with the Royal Court of Justice on legal provisions pertaining to pregnant and breast feeding women in conflict with the law
The achievements of this thesis lie in the comprehensive analysis, carding and construction of edification education.
Conduct in - inspection on semi - finish product in production process.
335. A number of suggestions were made regarding the functions of SOCA.
The Bible also says, Who, when he was reviled, reviled not again
Objective 1: In the area of advisory services and technical cooperation, the objectives are to assist countries, at their request, in developing comprehensive national plans of action to promote and protect human rights and to provide advice and support to specific projects to promote respect for human rights; to develop a comprehensive and coordinated United Nations programme to help States in building and strengthening national structures for human rights promotion and protection; and to raise awareness and promote specialized knowledge about human rights through the organization of training courses, seminars and workshops and the production of a wide range of educational, training and information material.
Fostering an enabling environment for development: financial flows, including capital flows, investment and trade
I know you are the greatest person in the world.Would you marry my daughter?m not the greatest person in the world.
This is also made clear in section 7 of the Marriage Act, where a new provision prescribes, among other things, that the parties to a marriage must state that the marriage was entered into of their own free will.
On May 15, he was sentenced to 30 days in prison.
This includes both generic and convention-specific legal services, including the provision of general legal advice to the subsidiary bodies of the three conventions, legal technical assistance and legal capacity-building services to parties, and legal support for the programmes of the secretariats' technical units, as necessary.
If so, please describe the changes and evaluate their impact.
The person in charge of Asia held training sessions in Viet Nam, the Chinese province of Taiwan and Japan in December 2007.
A facility for the homeless was closed due to lack of use.
(a) Letter dated 1 June 2001 from the Permanent Representative of Italy to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the findings and recommendations of the Third Global Forum: Fostering Democracy and Development through e-Government, held in Naples from 15 to 17 March 2001 (A/56/86-E/2001/79);
Traditional financial-services accounts tend to grow at the pace of national income, but M-Pesa’s adoption rate has been dramatically faster, demonstrating that digital finance can achieve significant market penetration rapidly even in the world’s poorest countries.
Mr Xi's comments, reported in state newspapers yesterday, left no doubt that leaders are grappling with the issue of ensuring security without alienating residents during the games.
It also noted that education is compulsory in San Marino until the age of 16.
Recalling also article 27 of the Convention, which requires the Conference of the Parties to consider and adopt procedures and institutional mechanisms for the resolution of questions that may arise with regard to the implementation of the Convention,
Meeting of persons chairing human rights treaty bodies [General Assembly resolutions 46/111 and 49/178]b
Workload and staffing requirements I.56 Estimated regular budget requirements for posts and other staff costs for 2004-2005 amount to $406,943,700 before recosting, a decrease of $9,224,100, or 2.2 per cent, as compared with the appropriation of $416,167,800 for 2002-2003.
So Study on the Operation Mechanisms of Chinese Investment Fund Industry is very important.
7.2.2 Of the 605 optical technicians enumerated, 97 were females, giving a sex ratio of 524 (males per 100 females). Their overall mean age was 29.8. Nearly all of them were found in private sector.
31. Her delegation would continue to participate actively in the work on online dispute resolution rules for cross-border electronic commerce transactions and looked forward to further progress on that project.
They talked together on Swinburne and Rossetti, after which she led him beyond his depth into the by- paths of French literature.
He realized that the surviving high elves were all suffering from the same lethargy, which had been brought on by their loss of magic.
Brahmsplatz 8/3
Two electronic newsletters were also published and made widely available in 2007.
The first regular session 2010 of the Executive Board of UNICEF will take place from Tuesday, 12, to Thursday, 14 January 2010, in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Currently, staff members are not being adequately cross-trained within the Unit and are not able to take advantage of potential improvements in treasury products and services owing to a shortage of resources and pressure of work.
4. Urges Governments to take appropriate measures to address the root factors, including external factors, that encourage trafficking in women and girls for prostitution and other forms of commercialized sex, forced marriages and forced labour, so as to eliminate trafficking in women, including by strengthening existing legislation with a view to providing better protection of the rights of women and girls and to punishing perpetrators, through both criminal and civil measures;
The PRESIDENT (spoke in Spanish): I thank Ambassador Mabel Gómez for her contributions and, on behalf of the P-6 and the coordinators, I thank her for her kind words about our work.
17. We urge States and, as appropriate, the relevant entities of the United Nations system and international and regional organizations, within their respective mandates, as well as civil society, the private sector, employer organizations, trade unions, the media and other relevant actors to continue to develop and strengthen policies, strategies and programmes to enhance the employability of women and youth and to ensure their access to full and productive employment and decent work, including by improving access to formal and non-formal education, skills development and vocational training, lifelong learning and retraining, and long-distance education, inter alia, in information and communications technology and entrepreneurial skills, particularly in developing countries, including with a view to supporting the economic empowerment of women in the different stages of their lives.
79. The Executive Director replied that UNICEF welcomed an open relationship with the Executive Board and encouraged delegations to express any concerns, including through informal channels.
First of all, birthdays when you were growing up were a very important family ritual.
Of the 159 documented cases, 37 were reported to Government police, 4 of which are under investigation.
The General Committee decided to recommend the inclusion of item 74 under heading D.
32. Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 30 and 31 above, the amount of 11,149,250 dollars, consisting of:
The Court of Cassation held that once the applicant supplied the final award, it satisfied the requirements of article IV, and that the lower court should rather have analysed whether the enforcement of the final award separately from the partial award could fall within one of the exhaustively listed grounds for refusing enforcement under article V(1) or article V(2).
Kashmir
SEAFDEC had promoted the concepts of ecosystem-based approaches to fisheries management and fishery refugia, and reported that regional cooperation and policy management for enhancing fisheries resources and conserving fish habitats had been discussed at the regional level.
The system uses the J 2 EE framework and with the pure Java language.
A/AS Literature in English
The Conference may, after each vote on a proposal, decide whether to vote on the next proposal.
It noted that Serbia was promoting the position of women in high-level decision-making through specific legislation and that it had addressed the needs and necessities of the many refugees on its territory.
He was not unduly egotistic.
The 2010 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons decides to establish, for the duration of the 2010 Review Conference, subsidiary bodies under Main Committee I, Main Committee II and Main Committee III, respectively, and that:
Another simple form of poem that students can easily write is the cinquain, a poem made_up_of five lines.
In a few special instances senior management has requested that an ad hoc management audit be conducted.
Payments will continue to be made until all remaining claimants have receive an amount of $65 million or the unpaid balance of the award, if less.
There were no other matters to be discussed.
But as for the British proposal, we would prefer the first one.
The President noted that generations to come will come to this cemetery to remember, that visitors will pay respects, but that these veterans come looking for a name from long ago. 1) Allies [5Alaiz] n. 2) eccentric [ik5sentrik] a
- Mauritius - Zambia
This material is now up to eight years old and may no longer represent current capacities in science and technology.
Egypt calls once again for a collective international effort, through the General Assembly, to deal with that scourge, which, if unchecked, will undermine all attempts by the international community to enhance international peace and security and to achieve development.
I wondered who had taken the umbrella without permission.
12. In terms of resource mobilization and awareness-raising, the Commission has solidly positioned itself.
:: Quarterly reports of the Secretary-General to the Security Council on the political, security and community developments affecting inter-ethnic relations and stability in Kosovo and the subregion
Note by the Secretary-General
They become part of the ever increasing collection of novelties.
2.The bell goes ding-dang.
 Reasonable proposals for an end to these problems have been made which we hope will find general acceptance.
It is my hope that these projects will in time provide the needed peace dividends and thus mitigate some of the negative impact of the serious setbacks and the lingering deficits outlined above.
Finite element analysis (FEA) of filament wound composites is the foundation of mechanical research and application of these materials.
4. In his report to the Security Council of 22 May 1999 (S/1999/595), the Secretary-General proposed the establishment of the United Nations Mission in East Timor (UNAMET) to organize and conduct the popular consultation.
The old man made the sheet and jammed the tiller.
10. Requests the Secretary-General, in the context of the reorientation process, to continue to exert all efforts to ensure that publications and other information services of the Secretariat, including the United Nations web site and the United Nations News Service, contain comprehensive, objective and equitable information about the issues before the Organization and that they maintain editorial independence, impartiality, accuracy and full consistency with resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly;
Unusual increase can have leucocyte how many odds gets leukaemia.
It has one office building, one lab building and two teaching buildings.
4. Also requests the Secretariat to make available on its website the information received from Parties pursuant to article 3 of the Convention and, within available resources, to make such information available in the six official languages of the Convention;
Many Department of Public Information publications are available as sales items.
Town Plnr/ Islands 6
I am also silly and so on the miracle appear that one day.
A court order is not needed to institute protective measures.
tell him i'm sorry i couldn't get there.
1 D-2, 1 D-1, 2 P-5, 3 P-4/3, 1 GS (PL), 4 GS (OL)
A Belgian plaintiff (i.e. the buyer) and a Dutch defendant (i.e. the seller) concluded contracts for the delivery of clothing of the winter collection.
Decision OEWG-VI/17, as adopted, is contained in annex I to the present report.
I would like to ask, what is now Shanghai's supermarket sales are four - stroke motorcycle engine oil?
As highlighted by the Principal Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Côte d'Ivoire, the general security situation in the West African region remains fragile, in particular as a result of the current situation in Guinea and uncertainty facing the disarmament process in Côte d'Ivoire.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Ashraf Jehangir Qazi, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq.
In this new world, we can no longer safely tolerate the general threat that can come from a particular human tragedy, wherever it takes place.
A nation-wide television campaign and distribution of printed material with "Something is missing" as the central slogan, which focuses on the poor representation of women in politics.
10. Mr. Al-Adhami (Iraq) said it was regrettable that the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 had been unable to arrive at an acceptable draft of a comprehensive convention on international terrorism; he hoped that the obstacles to finalizing the draft could be overcome.
Per capita income can be defined as GNI divided by the number of residents in a country.
Noting the report on the assessment of funding necessary to assist developing countries in fulfilling their commitments under the Convention prepared in the context of the memorandum of understanding between the Conference of the Parties and the Council of the Global Environment Facility, including on other sources of funding available, inter alia, through bilateral and other multilateral channels and private capital flows, prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/2004/18, chapter V),
87. Ms. Aghjanian (Armenia) stated that as Yerevan had been established in 782 BC, its territory could not have been gifted to Armenia by Azerbaijan.
STATEMENT MADE BY AN OFFICIAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE RUSSIAN
It was also the foundation of the cultural, moral, historical, social and religious traditions of the Kyrgyz people and of the entire nomadic culture.
For the wages of sin is death.
Press conference presentation of the electoral sensitization programme on Haitian national television
The early due date of this report means that it will generally cover only events of November and early December 1998.
The Acting President: We have heard the last speaker in the debate on this item.
You asked for it. 2.That requestsounds more resonable to me.That request sounds reasonable.
Natural environment based therapies
Direct contact should also be promoted among peoples, through their parliamentary representatives and other authorities.
Waitress: It includes an appetizer, soup or salad, main course, dessert or beverage.
Women's 10m Air Pistol Final
By adopting this Programme the international community, for the first time, went beyond demographic targets and made the individual and the family the very focus of development activities and programmes.
But now, christ, this whole thing- It's just so crazy.
(e) Supervising the redeployment of forces to defensive positions in conflict zones in accordance with the agreement;
Appropriation for 2012/13
Notes
The crane for quenching , possess the peculiarity of speedy descent , is usually applied in heat treatment .
" Clearly, " replied the major ; " but what metal do you calculate on employing? "
2.1 The author, a recognized conscientious objector to military service, was assigned to civilian service duty in the national nature reserve of Camargue in December 1988.
However the draft Working Together to Reduce Harm (Substance Misuse) Delivery Plan 2013-15 has a key action `to Improve access to substance misuse & DA Services for those that are engaged in sex work'.
C. National Commitments In addition to contributions to the voluntary GMA Trust Fund mentioned above, individual States should contribute in a number of other ways to the GMA implementation.
The significance of the Russian-German reconciliation is clearly underestimated.
[The text of articles 100-107 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, contained in the Schedule, is available in United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1833, No. 31353, and online at www.un.org/Depts/los/convention_agreements/ convention_overview_convention.htm.]
The surge in the pace of economic growth in developing countries called for in the Strategy was not uniformly achieved and was dramatically interrupted post-1997.
Target 2008: number of violations reduced by 50 per cent compared with 2007
* Preliminary data.
Beyond that progress, a number of other efforts have been undertaken in the field of health, particularly the vaccination of children up to age five against polio and measles, and also the education and awareness-raising of all school girls and free primary education, which is now a constitutional commitment in my country.
Customer: Very nice
The count laid his hand on Franz's shoulder.
58. Although the Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly and Conference Management was accountable for all expenditure under section 2 of the budget, he was not endowed with sufficient authority to manage and disburse resources, both financial and human.
Whilst the participation rate for men decreased, the participation rate for women increased by a massive 90 per cent.
 (b) Election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council;
_: follow-up to the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur - visits to Azerbaijan, Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Romania, Turkey and Uzbekistan
Adopts the outcome of the universal periodic review on Mali which is constituted of the report of the Working Group on the review of Mali (A/HRC/8/50), together with the views of Mali concerning the recommendations and/or conclusions, as well as its voluntary commitments and its replies presented before the adoption of the outcome by the plenary to questions or issues that were not sufficiently addressed during the interactive dialogue in the Working Group (A/HRC/8/52, chap. VI and A/HRC/8/50/Add.1).
A human rights-based approach to food security had the potential to empower them to assert their human rights.
Slovakia
I have also designated Mr. Dash to serve as Coordinator of the Panel of Experts.
The Conference of the Parties may also wish to consider other matters raised by delegations in the course of the meeting.
Other losses
The Committee staff has the accounts of eighteen individuals with knowledge of the incident.
In practice, the support provided by BINUB has been substantial and includes acting as the Peacebuilding Commission interface with the Government to facilitate its work at United Nations Headquarters.
14 April 1998
It is an expression of support for the CCW as an important international humanitarian law instrument.
Morgan: Did you get marketing survey results?
The Special Rapporteur urges the Governments concerned to review these sentences, in view of the current virtual consensus on the abolition of the death penalty for children who are below the age of 18 at the time of the occurrence of the crime.
At the rural, urban and national levels, women's employment status continues to lag behind that of their male counterparts.
ObjectiveTo evaluate the germicidal effect of flowing EOW produced by automatic disinfection machine of endoscope, and attempt to confirm the best and shortest disinfectant time.
Nearly 70 percent of Germans, a majority of whom receive coverage from state-funded insurance plans, feel that access to healthcare depends on a patient's ability to pay for it.
I took so much money to patronize your store, while you gave me such a bad service? !
According to your estimate what is the maximum annual turnover you could fulfill If you buy over 4 clothes,we will give you 10% off discount.
Lognes station
32. The GM and the secretariat will collaborate closely on proposals for the organization of the work of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention (CRIC) and COP sessions on agenda items dealing with finance and technology transfer, with the common objective of increasing dialogue, participation and response generated by the CRIC and the COP.
Assuming that such programme support-cost rates cover only a marginal effect, the overheads must continue to be borne elsewhere.
take sth into consideration take account of sth; make allowances for sth : I always take fuel consumption into consideration when buying a car..
The Agency is in the process of developing a sex-disaggregated database, which will vastly enhance its ability to plan, monitor and evaluate its activities as part of the overall gender mainstreaming strategy.
Objective To investigate the nursing experience in ventriculoperitoneal shunt for hydrocephalus assisted with ventriculoscope.
15. Also requests the Secretary-General to invite those States parties to the Convention that are in arrears to pay the amounts in arrears and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session;
But a loss of connectivity between clients and the London Stock Exchange forced the market to suspend trading and prompted some brokers to rethink their reliance on a single system.
“Introduction
The only way to do that is to begin with language that truly reflects their concerns and aspirations.
 We fully agree with this emphasis, but what is the reality in Bosnia and Herzegovina? This winter, access to the victims is going to make the difference between life and death.
My Government has today written in parallel to the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to notify him that the United Kingdom will take measures under paragraph 8 of resolution 1973 (2011).
Those vulnerabilities may reveal themselves as a loss of traditional knowledge, cultural diversity and biodiversity, further weakening the capacity of indigenous peoples for self-determination and survival.
With a strong commitment to e-commerce and a dedicated initiative to work hand in hand with Customs business partners in fostering Hong Kong as an air cargo hub, the department introduced a new duty payment method in June 2004 for air cargo handlers to clear their dutiable goods consignments at the Hong Kong International Airport.
The early Qing Dynasty Lintao County to the House.
The joint pavilion will be positioned and marketed worldwide to all trade fair visitors over Spielwarenmesse eG's international communication channels.
It has been shown that countries suffering from pervasive corruption invest less and achieve lower economic growth.
16. Air and surface freight 10 000
I had quite a good motion this morning.
At first, they said that artillery and tanks had been used.
107. The most serious situation is in the occupied zone, especially in South Kivu.
1.2.2 Increase in the total number of persons resettled that were directly affected by the transfer of territory (zero in 2005/06; 40,000 in 2006/07; 40,000 in 2007/08)
But wherever the truth lies, the consequence should be an increase in fecundity that is related to the age gap.
Electrical works at biological research centre at Baghdad
Three removes are as bad as a fire. 2474.
2. A State Party may also establish its jurisdiction over any such offence when:
The market is truth as it reflects all forces that bear upon it.
9. In the history of mankind, oil had been obtained in small quantities for many centuries from surface seepages.
European Union efforts to develop rules governing cooperation and coordination among courts involved in enterprise group insolvencies should also be examined in that context.
She opened, and found the word "secret.
Schools run by religious organizations may continue to provide religious education, including courses in religion.
(ii) intended to be used for, or in the context of, the commission of an offence or an illicit activity;
(g) Data and statistics:
Annex VII summarizes the reasons that prompted the addition of 465 outputs by the Secretariat.
Clearly there is more to be achieved to provide inclusive conditions of healthy life to all social groups and regional segments of population.
Face to the practical society with clear mind and keep the humane value of the society is his principal standpoint.
A/61/105
2:31 The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four
Japan can continue its controversial policy of cutting public spending without damaging the country's growth prospects, Koji Omi, finance minister, told the Financial Times in an interview yesterday.
 4. Requests the relevant United Nations organs, bodies and specialized agencies, within the terms of their mandates to develop concepts, policies and collaborative mechanisms, and to undertake coordinated activities which serve to promote and enhance the enjoyment of human rights;
Faces just seem all the same - in the same way that you or I might have trouble distinguishing sheep by their faces.
(a) Cross-cutting issues relevant to all infrastructure services sectors (e.g. addressing market failures, ensuring competition, promoting universal access), and opportunities for developing countries to expand their participation in the production and trade of infrastructure services, as well as the possible negative impact of the economic and financial crisis;
Five of the six principal countries affected by illicit cultivation of the coca bush and opium poppy, namely the Lao People's Democratic Republic and Myanmar in Asia and Bolivia, Colombia and Peru in Latin America, reported significant achievements and investments to counter illicit cultivation.
Transfers and acquisitions of all types of units, collectively referred to as Kyoto units, are tracked and recorded through the registry systems under the Protocol.
Rapidly deploy missions, facilities and infrastructure
The PPP therefore made its own security arrangements for Ms. Bhutto to augment whatever level of protection the Government afforded to her.
Evaluation of the twenty-sixth session of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names: a review of the questionnaire survey results
"We are not going to the disco! we have been invited to go to the market!
651. In the annex to its report for the biennium ended 31 December 2009 (A/65/5/Add.7, chap. II), the Board provided a summary of the status of implementation of recommendations for previous financial periods.
She was a witness of the incident.
Community and family disapproval of women's work in the absence of male breadwinners is a major obstacle to women seeking wage employment.79
She enjoys inspiring students to achieve their personal bests, but often feels like a hypocrite since she is not doing the same.
(ii) Consistent and regular evaluation of UN-Habitat programmes
No wonder he looked so dour.
R T: Good morning
You have instructions ( damn good ones ) to perform all the TnL vertex operations.
The initiative provided for increased availability of contraceptives at heavily discounted Government-subsidized prices.
Both of them sought medical treatment from private doctor and did not require hospitalisation. They are now in stable condition.
On the face of it, they tend to be much more confident of China's inexorable rise than their Chinese counterparts.
57. Mr. Yuda (Indonesia) said that his delegation would welcome further information on the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
Delegations may send their comments to the Codification Division, Office of Legal Affairs (room M-13065; fax 1 (212) 963-1963).
In the order of review Suriname is number 10 on the list while in the tentative timetable its turn is on Friday 6 May from 14:30 - 17:30.
Status of appropriations and expenditures under section 29, Internal oversight, of the programme budget for the biennium 2006-2007 as at 19 April 2007
Brief and colorful they more often than not carry a sting.
Mkn "The rise of free and prosperous societies in the broader Middle East is essential to peace in the 21st century, just as the rise of a free and prosperous Europe was essential to peace in the 20th century," he said.
Food security policies should address the structural causes constraining people's access to food at the local, national and global levels.
In short, the requirements for each Party or Parties set forth in this article are not subject to the existence of international trade in the chemicals, but rather inclusive of a wide range of measures contributing to the implementation of the Convention.
Which brings us to the second major issue at play here: Sweden’s Muslim population.
22. While the Government has taken important initiatives to reform civil administration at the central level, reforms below that level have proved more difficult.
You knew this, nick?
Norway would continue to work with UNIDO to combat poverty through inclusive globalization and environmental sustainability.
Permanent Mission of Thailand to the United Nations
They want to treble  Harper  & Grant's business over the next few years.
(d) Guarantee the freedom of peaceful demonstrations;
After discussion in the Sixth Committee, the General Assembly decided to increase the number of members to thirty-six.
price is far lower. Ordinary households prefer to buy this kind.
Bree: I can't stay in a hotel room with you.
Ewald and Weiss speak of the miracles of Christ as a daily task.
Profit will come ahead of the environment: Coal infrastructure in private hands will make the urgently needed transition to a sustainable economy, and renewable energy, much harder.
Based on average of 409 Mission personnel including local staff.
Theosophy became after the thirties a shadow of the former mind - swaying movement.
176. These registers are available to the competent courts and judges and to the Public Prosecution Service. They can consult the registers in the course of their duties or on behalf of a person who is entitled to do so.
Indirect indicators, such as seizures of cannabis plant, suggest that illicit cultivation of cannabis plant and production of cannabis herb occurred in most countries worldwide.
It is expected that the final draft of this third edition of the Digest will be ready in the fourth quarter of 2010.
50. CRC reiterated its concern regarding the deterioration in the health system in Armenia following cuts in public expenditure, that infant and maternal mortality rates remained high and an increasing number of children and mothers suffered from malnutrition due to rising food prices and poverty.
Czech Republic national baseball team
Why all this hurry?
The 11 Member States that had paid all their peacekeeping assessments as at 5 October 2010 and the 2 Member States that had subsequently paid in full therefore deserved special thanks.
Interdependence among countries is increasing and the international situation has been stable on the whole.
The other policy area of significant concern relates to the poor coordination of the activities of all the operators in the transit transport sector.
Pure electric bus as a kind of ideal clean energy city public traffic tools has a unique development advantage in China.
If a woman professes love for an unrestricted man before they have had sex, it makes him happy.
The Fed also announced a series of lending programs to support banks and brokerage firms.
It was down more than 2 per cent at 11,573 at midday.
Start-Class Feminism articles
The researchers say that on average the amount of anesthesia used worldwide for surgery annually has the warming equivalent of one million cars.
Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and
At the 4th meeting, Mr. Reazuddin reported on these consultations.
He had known good and bad; but purity, as an attribute of existence, had never entered his mind
Page
In the end, I fell to thinking that she would come herself, but the hours ticked by, and she did not come.
The total is monitored as part of an inter-agency group established to track strategy implementation through the completion of the strategic plan for 20062010.
Promoter
A/63/438
User zh-HK-1
168. The representative of Senegal said that, in Africa in 2003, GDP had increased by 3.6 per cent as compared to 3.2 per cent in 2002, and it was expected to grow by 4.4 per cent in 2004.
While the budgetary provisions in the 2007/08 period were based on the rate of $172 for the first 30 days and $108 thereafter, the new rate applied is $188 for the first 30 days and $136 per day thereafter.
(iii) Taking gender-sensitive measures to facilitate the testimony of victims of sexual violence at all stages of the proceedings.
M. De Gracia (Panama)
The time had come for the parties to settle their dispute by accepting the new peace plan drafted by Mr. Baker, in particular the holding of a referendum in Western Sahara.
CHAPTER III HYGIENE OF FOOD ADDITIVES Article 11 The production, marketing and use of food additives must conform to the hygiene standards for use of food additives and the hygiene control regulations; the food additives that do not conform to the hygiene standards and the hygiene control regulations may not be marketed and used.
Pax Wo`rld's largest stockholding is Gap Inc.
The Nobel Peace Prize recently awarded jointly to him and to the Organization is eloquent testimony to that commitment and an encouragement to continue to act in the service of peace and understanding among peoples.
 Council - rule 73 (Participation by observers).
29. Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte [P.29].
Cargo handling and stuffing and destuffing of containers, the storage of the Tenant's goods (including containers but excluding dangerous goods) and the parking of container vehicles and trailers belonging to the Tenant;
In accordance with article 26 of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD), and the relevant decisions of its Conference of the Parties (COP), particularly decision 11/COP.1, each Party to the Convention is required to report, through the UNCCD secretariat, on measures undertaken to implement the UNCCD.
16. The Executive Committee on Peace and Security is convened at short notice only when there are developments on the ground that warrant high-level discussions among senior United Nations officials, resulting in the meetings being strongly demand driven.
A similar forum for the exchange of views, technical cooperation and discussion of competition issues was established under the auspices of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum (APEC).
That overwhelming support made it all the more necessary to reflect on the negative vote cast by Israel, which had continued to pursue its relentless expansion of settlements throughout the occupied Palestinian territories, including East Jerusalem.
Severe malnutrition (severe under-weight) in children under 5 (%)
IS3.4 In addition to security-related effects, economic conditions continue to affect the two largest operations.
:: Conclusion 2010/5 of the Programme and Budget Committee
(b) The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts ensure that payments to outside counsel be made only on the basis of valid contracts that have been signed by all parties.
:: Ministry of People's Power for Foreign Affairs
During their visit they interviewed the authorities of the Dubai Diamond Exchange, with whom they raised issues concerning the internal control system in force in that country and the import/export regime, as well as statistics on external trade in diamonds.
Commentators have observed that project finance may hold the key to unlocking the vast pools of capital theoretically available in the capital markets for investment in infrastructure.
15. Also requests the SecretaryGeneral to invite those States parties to the Convention that are in arrears to pay the amounts in arrears, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixtyfirst session;
In the meantime, it is hoped that countries such as Ethiopia, Kenya and Mozambique, which are emerging from emergency situations, will benefit from the emergency, increasingly contributing also to rehabilitation, recovery and development.
Arts et Métiers ParisTech
I. Introduction
A subsequent court challenge resulted in the Ontario government coming to a settlement in May 2003, which has benefited women in many of the lowest paid public sector jobs.
The human rights imperative.
39. There was a clear focus on the need to plug the "holes in the buckets" and to monitor actions carefully in order to make fire-fighting the crisis more effective.
In China the firm is experiencing rapid wage inflation.
Rotate your thighs inward slightly, narrow your hip points, and firm but don't harden your buttocks.
Cash flows from financing activities
The deadlines remain unchanged and the burden of proof can be very heavy for patients.
In that regard, the Conference called upon States parties and signatory States to submit proposals to the Working Group for the terms of reference of the mechanism for its consideration.
There are several ways in which we can make material more meaningful.
The two sides stand firmly for the prevention of arms race in outer space and stress the importance of negotiating an international treaty on the prevention of the placement of weapons in outer space and the necessity to reestablish the ad hoc committee to discuss the relevant draft treaty in the Disarmament Conference in Geneva.
A study on the impact of different causes of death, by gender and age, in the context of mortality figures for Latin America and the Caribbean, with particular attention given to such causes as cardiovascular disease, cancer, violence and accidents, and HIV/AIDS
50. His delegation was pleased to note that the process of reforming the United Nations had begun; it should be borne in mind that the primary objective in that respect was to strengthen the Organization’s capacity to deal with development questions and respond quickly and efficiently to the needs of developing countries.
And who knows if that's true When every other word out of his mouth is a lie.
States Parties [shall set an example of employment of persons with disabilities] and take appropriate steps to safeguard and promote the realization of this right, including measures to:"
The Department worked with the editors of some 90 of the most influential media in Africa.
The United Nations must consider what further action was required to bring that illegal situation to an end, taking due account of the Advisory Opinion.
mrs. farias: where does he live?
A research team in the southern city of Munich is developing the device using new sensor technology.
4.3 According to the State party, article 19, paragraph 3, of the Covenant provides for a possibility to subject the exercise of the rights provided for in paragraph 2 of this article to certain restrictions.
The Wet Etching Study of the Uniform Grating DFB Semiconductor Laser
National Machine Tools, Oshogbo
Use of force
 5.1 At the domestic level:
The Russian Federation pays particular attention to the possibility of weapons of mass destruction falling into the hands of terrorists and is doing its utmost to combat this threat.
They will also provide a vehicle by which human rights consciousness at national levels can be raised through capacity-building for stakeholders.
The only argument which seems to have been advanced by the authors in paragraphs 3(4) and 3(5) in support of its claim of violation of article 26 is that by reason of English being declared as the only official language of the State and the failure of the State to enact legislation allowing the use of other languages, the authors have been denied the use of their mother tongue in administration, justice, education and public life.
The scope of draft article 13 was too wide and therefore required further careful examination.
These processes are closely related and will influence global and national policies on a wide range of issues, for years to come.
She washes every morning.
Christina Do you think I have what it takes To make it as a professional musician?
From my experience though, it is much easier to face it head on and just do it.
102. In spite of the overall progress in coordination efforts at the country level, several problems limit their effectiveness.
V. Observations
Provisional agenda
This is a little-known fact about jesus -- He was well known for his v.d.
Invisibility now makes the caster invisible after 3 seconds, reduced from 5 seconds.
Sports and recreation have always been part of university life.
(a) Status of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/C.1/2009/CRP.4 and Corr.1);
In the face of these concerns, AMISOM, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD) and the United Nations Political Office for Somalia (UNPOS) issued, on 9 August 2012, a joint statement in which they condemned the attempts by some individuals to derail the process and warned that those whose actions were found to be undermining the then ongoing efforts would be disqualified from seeking public office and subjected to appropriate action, in line with relevant African Union, IGAD and United Nations pronouncements.
168. The Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate was established by the Security Council in its resolution 1535 (2004) as a special political mission to support the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee in monitoring the implementation of Council resolution 1373 (2001).
 Although the Legal Uniformity Division sets out rules to be observed, a decision by a single judge can lead to judicial error in individual cases.
Mr. Sen (India): Madam President, I thank you for reconvening this emergency special session of the General Assembly to discuss the establishment of a register of damages arising from Israel's construction of a separation wall in the occupied Palestinian territory.
Eros Shezhu you!
Eyvirat
What do you got to say to your fans today, Jimmy?
During the year, UNFPA undertook several management reviews, the development of the new strategic plan, 2008-2011, and the strengthening of country-level operations to improve the Fund's effectiveness and efficiency, especially at the country level.
No wonder, then, that members rely more on their capacity to accumulate reserves than on the Fund’s ability to provide opportune, affordable, and reliable financial support.
Urban drainage trunk systems
88. In the United Nations Secretariat an ICT governance framework and ICT strategy has been introduced by the Office of Information and Communications Technology, which was established in February 2009.
The author is represented by counsel.
Amnesty International also regretted the rejection of the recommendation on the total abolition of the death penalty.
1. The third session of the International Conference on Chemicals Management was opened at 10.30 a.m. on Monday, 17 September 2012, at the United Nations Office at Nairobi by Mr. Eisaku Toda, Vice-President of the Conference, on behalf of Mr. Tomaž Gantar, Minister of Health of Slovenia and President of the Conference, who was unable to attend.
In fact. you could be delirious.
The construction should take good advantage of the function of experienced and talented experts and their experiences of management.
The zygomatic major muscle that turns the corners of the lips up, and the orbicularis oculi muscle that squeezes the eyes into the famous fanned wrinkles also known as crows feet.
The nonathletes can help investigators assess whether untrained people experience the same effects
Villagers are forced to act as labourers for armed forces and armed groups, often under appalling conditions.
We all owe debts of sin and gospel.
B. Consideration of reports
241. Parents have equal rights and responsibilities in matters relating to their children.
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/107, welcomed the holding of the fourth humanitarian affairs segment of the Council during its substantive session of 2001 and requested the Secretary-General to report to it at its fifty-seventh session, through the 2002 substantive session of the Council, on progress made in strengthening the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, including the implementation of and follow-up to relevant agreed conclusions of the Council and progress made in the implementation of that resolution.
Responsibility for implementing and monitoring individual projects will be shared between the Ministries.
At the same time, the United Nations transition plan is being implemented in a balanced manner that supports both the Somali people and Somali institutions and, as such, funds are being allocated across five strategic outcomes, namely: institution-building; local governance and decentralized service delivery; rule of law; basic services; and livelihoods.
One day she was here and vibrant and in an instant there was a different story to tell.
59/7. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
Report of the Secretary-General on conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels (addendum)
The Department of National Defence keeps an inventory of all military equipment and material to ensure that all weapons are accounted for and the procured items are with authorized end users.
"I will go down with you to Egypt, and I will also surely bring you up again; and Joseph will close your eyes.
 A triennial plan of action had been drafted, which took into account the recommendations of the Beijing Declaration.
The participants considered that, despite some coordination, their collective efforts on the whole were not coherent and that the existing coordination mechanisms were not effective.
Summary statement by the Secretary-General on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration
In another incident, in July 2011, the 69th Infantry Battalion established a detachment adjacent to an elementary school in Paradise Embac barangay, Paquibato district, Davao City.
Acknowledge all sources of funding and other support;
(a) A victim makes a request for reparations, that request will be determined as if it had been brought under rule 94;
Furthermore, the list of candidates will appear on the ballot papers distributed during the elections.
Norway has not decided whether it will accede to the Optional Protocol establishing an individual complaints mechanism.
Neither the Rwandan mining authorities nor Initiative staff have reported that any Nyabibwe Congolese tags have entered Rwanda’s traceability system.
"The terrorist attacks of 11 September in New York and Washington, D.C., have threatened international peace and security.
Someone likes to peep other's secret.
- The National Police
6. Given this reality, the supporters of an arms trade treaty should take a step-by-step approach, bearing in mind that the success of an arms trade treaty depends on the formation of a global consensus on this issue in the near future.
(vi) Special events: Gunnar Myrdal lecture (2);
3. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure the full implementation of the project on global documentation management ("project 3")6 and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its sixty-sixth session;
That important initiative has contributed to the establishment of the climate of peace and understanding that now prevails in the country.
In order to fully utilize its potential, it was important to uphold a universal, rules-based, open, non-discriminatory, depoliticized and equitable multilateral trading system that contributed to growth and development, especially for developing countries.
Visit the sins of the fathers upon the children.
Chaotic seismic reflection configuration - is a discontinuous, discordant seismic reflection patterns.
Welcoming the decision of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations to highlight specific themes during its fifteenth session and the fruitful discussions on issues relating to indigenous peoples and environment, land and sustainable development, and to indigenous peoples and health,
23. Ms. Tavares da Silva said that stereotypical gender images and values were the chief barrier to the elimination of discrimination against women in Yemen.
Cameroon
of its Concluding Observations (14 May 2009)
After a long journey, the Mars rover Opportunity has arrived at Endeavour Crater, a giant indentation with some interesting geology.
World Survey on the role of women in development
Do you Master card?
Filippino Lippi
Meanwhile, under the precondition of the strict implementation of international non-proliferation obligations, the legitimate rights of relevant countries to the peaceful uses of nuclear energy should be respected.
Article 20.The detailed plan for a city shall, on the basis of the comprehensive plan for the city or the plan for its different zones, include a concrete plan for the various construction projects to be undertaken in the immediate development area of the city.
Submitted by Norway
We believe it's a golden buying opportunity and please encourage QFII holders to accumulate position!
e/ Under the terms of General Assembly resolution 58/301 of 18 June 2004, the total credits returned to Member States were $1,933,600, comprising net excess of income over expenditure ($768,000) and savings from prior period obligations ($1,165,600) for the period ended 30 June 2003.
45. New Zealand enacted several amendments to the Terrorism Suppression Act (TSA) in 2007.
At its sixty-fifth session, the General Assembly called upon Member States to support international efforts to prevent the acquisition and use by terrorists of radioactive materials and sources, and, if necessary, suppress such acts, in accordance with their national legal authorities and legislation and consistent with international law; welcomed the efforts undertaken by Member States, including through international cooperation under the auspices of the International Atomic Energy Agency, to search for, locate and secure unsecured and/or uncontrolled ("orphan") radioactive sources within their State jurisdiction or territory; and encouraged cooperation among and between Member States and through relevant international and, where appropriate, regional organizations aimed at strengthening national capacities in that regard (resolution 65/74).
My extra earnings came in very handy.
If your phone system includes a "message taking" feature, be sure to make use them.
Increased knowledge about PMTCT - As a result of PMTCT efforts undertaken by the government in collaboration with local and external partners, there has been an appreciable increase in the level of women's knowledge of pertinent matters concerning PMTCT, including modes of transmission of the HIV virus from mother to child.
9. An important development after the adoption of UNSCR 1540 was the publication in July 2004 of an independent review of Ireland's Export Licensing System.
-- In peace-keeping operations, the following principles, which have proved to be effective in the past, should be adhered to: obtaining agreement from the country concerned beforehand, strictly observing neutrality and prohibiting the use of force except for self-defense.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the financial performance of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia for the period from 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000 (A/55/682);
We have a shared responsibility to act-not because we seek to project power for its own sake, but because our own peace and security depends on it," he said.
15.14 This strategy will be achieved through the organization of intergovernmental and expert group meetings; the collection, analysis and dissemination of data and information on economic, social and environmental statistics and poverty indicators; the promotion of improved coordination of the statistical work in the region; and the provision of advisory services for capacity-building in the fields of statistics and poverty indicators.
Actions such as the evictions of Palestinians and house demolitions, as well as the continued closure of Palestinian institutions in occupied East Jerusalem, run contrary to Israel's Road Map obligations.
Entered into force on 6 August 1989.
Sample scenario (English Only):
United States of America
They circled the northern region and the Bekaa before returning south and departing over Rumaysh.
He's a aristocrat and we are not!
Objective: Application computer digital image analysis (CDIA) system to research and explore the clinical efficacy and method after Banke treatment melasma.
We have, however, made it clear that any provisions in the new Convention which can be construed as legitimizing attacks on nuclear facilities are against international law and morality.
Something is ending - is a friend moving away, or is this person making you mad enough to throw in the towel and leave?
They are of silver, but to me they are gold, they are diamonds; they change candles which are placed in them into wax-tapers.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda items 48, 54 and 116.
( ) If organic materials are hard to get, one is allowed to use GMO raw materials tentatively.
The Centre is equipped with a geographic information system and its staff are aware of the benefits of using space-based information to respond to emergencies and of mechanisms such as the International Charter on Space and Major Disasters.
5. Be re-routed within the purchasing country or re-exported from it in undesirable circumstances;
6 February the General National Congress passed a decision confirming that a constitution-drafting body would be elected and dissolving the public outreach committee.
58. His delegation deplored the worsening humanitarian situation in the occupied territories, many caused by activities that ran counter to the road map and Israel's repeated commitments.
24. In the area of dissemination and training, CNJGPJ has taken the following actions:
Rainfall in Tibet fell to its lowest level in 39 years, affecting nearly 30, 000 hectares of cropland - an eighth of Tibet's arable land.
An elaborate spoof hit the streets of New York on Novemer 11: a convincing fake of The New York Times announcing not just the withdrawal of troops from Iraq but a raft of other US liberal fantasies.
Bolivia
Also those young persons who have not completed their primary education, who are about to drop out from school or who need to raise their grades in order to get a school certificate, have participated in workshop activities.
Article 16.The Public Security organization computer management and supervision organization should have information on the connecting network units, entry point unit, and users, establish a filing system for this information, maintain statistical information on these files and report to higher level units as appropriate.
Inviting non-governmental organizations and academics to participate in the work of the Group
He died of the wounds the following day.
Some participants noted that such procedures should be transparent, be as accurate as possible, and should allow for the replication of results and consistency in monitoring.
Educational and environmental competitions are organised by the Ministry of Culture and are run through the schools.
The invention has simple operation, safety, reliability, lasting medicine effect, obvious curative effect and no irritation.
21. Information technology, the fastest growing sector in Kenya, was proving an effective tool for development, fostering the sharing of information and opportunities.
On 15 April 2014, the secretariat sent a second reminder to the State party to submit comments on the counsel's submission of 21 June 2013, with a warning that if no information is received, the Committee may decide to close the follow-up dialogue with a finding of unsatisfactory resolution. VII. Future meetings of the Committee
Effective risk identification techniques focus as much on opportunities as they do on risk, and failure to identify opportunities for the achievement of the organization's objectives is a risk in itself.
Government programmes designed to redress inequalities in health, employment and training included a number of measures intended specifically for women.
Source: Security Council Subsidiary Organs Branch, Department of Political Affairs.
11. In July 2003, the United States approved the use of the personal locator beacon (PLB) to assist SAR efforts in the continental United States.
Yamagata Station
Part IX.
Reporting deadlines under the relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions posed a further challenge.
He is represented by the media as a dangerous firebrand .
I sure hope no part of him gets left behind.
In recent years, an extensive campaign has been launched in rural areas across the country to help women in poverty with small loans.
(q) Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of the Islamic Conference (resolution 59/8 of 22 October 2004);
The decisive questions now are whether she musters the courage to concentrate all the necessary responsibilities for this mega-project in the energy ministry, and whom she entrusts with overseeing this Herculean task.
Analysis - carried out in collaboration with EUROPOL - of the information exchanged during the meetings; legislation and literature; other documentation provided by experts and/or institutions part of the IPO network.
In four - chambered hearts, the two auricles move synchronously.
It is expected to be opened in the first quarter of 2008.
(a) Allegations of continued ill-treatment of persons, in some cases amounting to torture, by carabineros (uniformed police), policía de investigaciones (civil police forces) and the gendarmería (prison guards), and reports of failure to conduct thorough and independent investigations into such complaints;
Also relevant is the emphasis placed by the Council in resolution 1963 (2010) on the role that regional and subregional organizations can play in countering terrorism, in particular by enhancing the capacities of Member States fully to implement resolution 1373 (2001) and by facilitating the provision of technical assistance.
A piece of writing, such as a book, an article, or a salient part of one of these, that should or must be read.
Lecturer on International Human Rights Law, Asia-America Institute of Transnational Law, Hong Kong, 1996
 The Burundi authorities and CNDD blamed each other for the killings.
(h) To provide to the Security Council, through the Committee, a midterm briefing within 90 days from its establishment, and to submit progress reports to the Committee on a monthly basis;
Moreover, he made fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that was outermost in the first set, and he made fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that was outermost in the second set.
The point was made that better cooperation between the States concerned, including the State of nationality of the alien, would not only facilitate the expulsion process but also limit the duration of detention.
A review of the work in progress and needed for the improvement of data for the indicators is contained in annex II.
One of the main reasons, as was shown by the congressional furore two years ago over Dubai Ports World's proposed acquisition of some US ports, is that emerging countries are becoming much bigger foreign investors.
Am I doing everything I need to do to promote?
The device also includes a battery terminal supported by the grip portion and positioned substantially within the cavity.
55. Human rights mechanisms have pointed out certain factors conducive to violence and ill-treatment.
It was noted that technical support, including that provided by UNODC, was crucial to the development of such capacities and to the fight against transnational organized crime and emerging forms of crime.
Basically, The whole landscape has objectively emulates as well as the the natural environment. On the part of the existing natural resources were also very good integration and use.
Landmines claim approximately 15,000 victims each year, most of whom are civilians.
I was just saying hi to some of my buddies on the fleet, sir.
There was nothing inevitable about this outcome.
There was something devastatingly true in what he said.
15. While the United Nations has a critical role to play in capacity-building efforts, it is the Governments of Africa themselves that are at the forefront.
Immediate requirements include the destruction by a specialised industrial firm using the process of incineration, of products identified by the UNEP team of experts.
2. Reservations may be withdrawn at any time.
In such cases, establishment of a coordination mechanism between different regulators is critical and a unified structure is preferable if this can be achieved.
His/her role is linked to three pivotal activities: (a) approaching the market as a group, participating at trade fairs or arranging shipping as a group; (b) obtaining a diagnosis of opportunities and problems for the whole group; (c) developing strategies towards ISO 9000 certification, standards and quality.
The new programme will focus on mainstreaming and coordinating demand reduction initiatives at the federal level and on establishing a network of model treatment and rehabilitation centres within the Government and among non-governmental organizations.
Whit the wide application of computers, many adults feel the pressing need to acquire computer literacy.
In this connection, the Monitoring Centre has suggested that a joint project should be organized with OHCHR to publish this document in all the languages of the world.
6. Other matters.
3. Also welcomes the ongoing efforts of the African Union and subregional organizations to strengthen their peacekeeping capacity and to take the lead in peacekeeping operations on the continent, in accordance with Chapter VIII of the Charter of the United Nations and in close coordination with the United Nations, through the Peace and Security Council of the African Union, as well as the ongoing efforts to develop a continental early warning system, response capacity, such as the African Standby Force, and enhanced mediation capacity, including through the Panel of the Wise;
Do you have your driver's license
a. Substantive servicing of meetings: First Meeting of the Parties to the Protocol on Water and Health (5); intergovernmental meetings on managing transboundary waters in Europe (41); Working Group on Legal and Administrative Aspects (8); Working Group on Monitoring and Assessment (8); Working Group on Water Management (8); Working Group on Water and Health (8); meetings of the signatories to the Protocol on civil liability for damage caused by industrial accidents on transboundary waters (8);
31. The consultation process raised the question of the responsibilities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises in relation to access to safe drinking water and sanitation.
Wu said that overseas Chinese affairs were facing major development opportunities and complex challenges.鈥淲e should proceed from strategic perspectives of long-term development and building a harmonious world, take the scientific outlook on development as the guidance, cherish, seize, and make good use of the opportunities to advance Overseas Chinese affairs in an orderly way.鈥?
I would, however, suggest that delegations inform the Secretariat, to the extent possible, of their plans to speak prior to the specific meetings.
Statistical Commission
Cases concerning 4,180 victims of human rights violations investigated, recorded in the human rights database and analysed
It is now just 70 metres from the surface and islanders are already trying to come up with a name for the new island.
Financing of the United Nations Mission in South Sudan
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Guidelines on Annual Statements of Approved Pooled Investment Funds
29. As at 31 July 1998, agriculture inputs valued at $25,454,451, had arrived in the centre and south of Iraq, of which $15,953,324, or 22 per cent of allocations under phases I to III, have been delivered to end-users (see annex VI.G for further details).
l broke my hand. Okay? lt's legit.
The Government has also contributed the equivalent of $356,000 for the payment of the most urgent arrears resulting from past elections.
34. Palestinian civilians engaged in demonstrations against the occupation continued to be killed and injured by the excessive use of force by Israel, including live ammunition and rubber-coated bullets.
Spain
The task includes: preparation of legislation and administrative rules concerning gender equality, coordination of gender equality measures initiated by public authorities as an element of the mainstreaming strategy, preparation of the annual report on gender equality for the Parliament, implementation of the Minister's Perspective and Action Plan, monitoring of the development in the gender composition of certain committees and boards included in the Gender Equality Act, and representation in a number of international fora.
The above positive aspects would allow the CRIC to draw comprehensive conclusions and to make knowledge-based recommendations to the COP.
- China endorses closer coordination between ECOSOC and Bretton Woods system, WTO, UNCTAD and other UN development agencies.
Old identity cards issued before June 23, 2003, and bearing the year of birth from 1958 up to and including 1969 have been invalid since October 16, 2006.
The Committee recommends that the State party adopt appropriate measures to combat racial prejudice that leads to racial discrimination in the media both public and private channels and in the press.
Qatari territorial waters extend roughly 95 miles eastwards and 51 miles northwards into the Arabian Gulf, occupying a surface area of around 10,500 km2.
Valuing the importance of the people factor, Mr Wong said the Government encouraged its IT professionals to acquire IT security knowledge and seek professional qualifications such as the Certified Information Systems Security Professional and Certified Information Systems Auditor.
Frist Aid Course
Ichthyostegalia
95.49. Ensure that freedom of speech and of the press is not further restricted as a result of the Interception of Communications Act (Czech Republic);
(c) Be consistent with relevant international agreements and internationally agreed programmes of action for sustainable development;
"In the 2005 World Summit Outcome, our leaders emphasized that `sport can foster peace and development' and encouraged the General Assembly to foster a dialogue and agreed proposals for a plan of action on sport and development.
Additional elements for Uganda (led by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
Within this framework, 75 per cent of the Peacebuilding Fund's project allocations scored a two in 2012 -- slightly less than the 78 per cent allocated in 2011, but up significantly from the 39 per cent in 2010.
15. Requests the Mission to continue to pursue its community violence reduction approach, including through support to the National Commission for Disarmament, Dismantlement and Reintegration and concentrating its efforts on labourintensive projects, the development of a weapons registry, the revision of current laws on importation and possession of arms, and the reform of the weapons permit system;
Zhengding railway station
It had also concluded bilateral agreements on counter-terrorism and related areas of cooperation with Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Egypt, France, Germany, India, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Lebanon, Pakistan, the Republic of Korea, Spain, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Tunisia, Turkey and Yemen.
Recommendations to the tenth meeting of the Parties on whether the IMO Convention establishes an equivalent level of control to the Basel Convention and whether the Conference of the Parties should address the extent to which there is a need for enhanced application of the Basel Convention to ship dismantling
The accountants in such companies are responsible for (a) bookkeeping for tax purposes (i.e. following procedural tax code); (b) cash management; (c) budgeting; (d) preparation of tax returns and financial statements required by the tax codes; and (e) very limited internal auditing.
Social Security and the Department of holdings of gold on the market greatly boost the role.
Since 2002, the State Catalogue of Geographical Names has been developed.
With regard to trade liberalization and agriculture, he recalled that among the goals of the liberalization of the agricultural sector was diminishing the excessive taxation of overburdened poor farmers.
UNICEF, as a member of the United Nations system, has an obligation to help mitigate the impact and repercussions of crisis, by assisting affected nations and their populations, especially children, in realizing a durable recovery.
No Reaction
The Board appreciated the strong reaffirmation of the intrinsic linkage between protection and technical cooperation and stressed that the ultimate objective of technical cooperation should be to promote institution-building and to effect genuine institutional changes for the benefit of rightholders.
Initiatives such as the UNV-managed online volunteering programme is another example of how UNV can be instrumental in engaging an ever-widening group of citizens in support of development cooperation .
At present, a sensitive topic, more about the topic.
Richards stood waiting for them at the bottom.
Progress in passing the act adopting the National Forestry Reform Law of 2006
Nigeria is an extreme example, but there are many other countries in which all that would be needed to quadruple or quintuple a person's income would be permission to work in a rich country.
He said that his friend's name was Sam .
To help prevent this form of "cyber-squatting, " we added the Limit Future reservations feature to Domino 7.
Articles 10 to 14
The Working Group could further be utilized as a platform for discussing the specific capacity gaps and ways to secure necessary resources for specific peacekeeping missions, in time for mandate deliberations.
Parties provided information on systematic observation in their national communications.
The programme's operations are reflected in the financial statements of UNDP.
They were receiving frequent accounts from Edmund.
Many mines contain TNT, unworkable if system cannot detect this explosive Neutron based technology
Recent laws increasing the sanctions for sex crimes, crimes against the sexual dignity of persons, trafficking for purposes of sexual exploitation, in addition to the statute that intensifies the effort against the production, sale, and distribution of child pornography and criminalizes the acquisition and possession of such material and other acts related to pedophilia on the Internet.
Projects approved and under consideration include the West Africa Power Pool (phase II), for the construction of a 60 mw hydroelectric generation facility that will be connected to the Pool grid, the Central Africa Backbone Project, for preparation of physical infrastructure investments in Cameroon, the Central African Republic and Chad, and the Central African Economic and Monetary Community Transport and Transit Facilitation Project, for the rehabilitation and the construction of additional road, rail and bridge segments in Cameroon and the Central African Republic.
(o) Promote the establishment of temporary shelters for victims of violence and the creation of institutions for treating the perpetrators of acts of violence;
The computer system has also system memory directly accessed and controlled by the CPU unit.
Rather, they are true and false from the standpoint of law.
Item 7 of the provisional agenda*
Ethiopia
In that regard, we value the upcoming elections of 19 April and hope that they take place in the most normal possible conditions.
19 December 1972
4. The Chairman invited the Committee to consider draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.30, which had no programme budget implications.
And some Israeli leaders – Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman, for example – are convinced that joining NATO would act as a vital deterrent against Iran.
Turkey
Thursday, 4 December 2008
The maternal mortality rate is much higher than in the rest of Myanmar (380 women per 100,000 births).
It is up to the delegations to fill those frameworks with real substance.
He, too, took out the pictures of his family and began to talk about his plans and hopes for them.
25. In the 1981 Fertilizer Corporation of India case, the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio noted that it had been unable to discover any standard on which to base an adjournment decision, other than to ascertain whether an application for the setting aside or suspension of the award had been brought before a competent authority of the country in which, or under the law of which, the award was made.
There is little consistency among lawmakers, service providers and researchers regarding its constitutive elements.
In the 2011 round, ESCWA is assessing the option of dividing the region into two subregional groups where more focus can be placed on data collection, validation and consistency at the subregional level.
At present, may I simply say that no State or organization was involved in the attempted assassination other than the Egyptian Jama'at al-Islamiya.
618 disestablishments
Item 13 of the provisional agenda**
The guy in the book.
Canada is of the view that we should seek to reduce the overall number of resolutions on the Middle East, to deal with core issues and concerns.
For us to win the majority of customers letter recognition and support.
Recalling that the Conference of the Parties, in accordance with article 23, paragraph 3, of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa, shall, at its first session, designate a permanent secretariat and make arrangement for its functioning,
2. Educational Session
126. The Group intends to scrutinize FPJC and its support networks in the coming mandate period.
Total aggregate GHG emissions including LULUCF decreased by 10.4 per cent, from 17,521.7 to 15,691.6 Tg CO2 eq.
9. Opiates and opioids continue to top the list of drugs that cause the most drug-related deaths worldwide.
Illicit trafficking remains a real and current concern.
The belt of vegetation that crosses Africa below the Sahara is very dark because most of the sunlight is absorbed by plants for photosynthesis.
This follows from positive experience in facilitating links between national and intergovernmental institutions through networks, and will enhance inter- and intraregional technical cooperation among developing countries (TCDC).
The complainant further claims that one of his neighbour villagers told him that another participant of the training camp, called "Cektar", to whom he had close contact during the course, was captured by the Turkish army.
Our taro patches and arable lands are limited to begin with.
Evidence of this is the resolution initiated by my country in 1994 and co-sponsored by about 20 Member States, regarding “Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them”.
-- Thank you, the sailor said.
The meeting comes as the United Nations warns of potential conflicts over water scarcity.
I shuddered at thinking of it.
Rapid increases in the variety and accessibility of modern technologies, including Internetbased media, are a particular cause for concern.
 As we are all aware, the tragic events in Rwanda following the death of the Presidents of Rwanda and Burundi, led to a massive exodus of Rwandese refugees millions of them across the borders to Zaire, Burundi, Tanzania and Uganda.
(c) Election of a member of the International Court of Justice (A/56/142).
Decision/request
/[^#39^#108^#105^#110^#105^#601]/adj. 86 1.DON'T BE SELFISH A mother is admonishing her son
First, Cuba strictly complies with its obligations under the IAEA technical cooperation programme.
According to the artisan miners still working in Adidi, production continues but most of the rock pillars that were left as internal roof supports have now been cut through, putting the whole mine at risk.
National report submitted by Malawi to the Chair of the Committee
The fight against crime and corruption was one of the priorities of his Government.
Jiro: Giant . From small, I would be big and tall. Enough energy to protect people.
Among other advantages the use of the grace period permits sellers to deliver assets to the buyer without having to wait until they or any other supplier of acquisition credit registers a notice.
Furthermore, the Council's management of its subsidiary bodies should be made more substantive and policy-oriented.
This work specifically advises royal retainers to amuse their masters with inventive language.
Azerbaijan will continue to take resolute measures against and respond adequately to Armenia's ongoing aggression, violations of the ceasefire and other provocative acts.
Further achievements are expected for the CSCE Review Conference at Budapest in 1994.
I don\'t remember when it first started annoying me  her hands pushing my hair that way.
Replace tabs in the current selection with spaces.
The Group left the Canal Hotel at 8.40 a.m. and made a vehicle-borne radiation survey of the Hammad Shihab military hospital, the military medical stores belonging to the Ministry of Defence, and the Husayniyah residential area, covering both main and minor streets.
Implement IM hygiene solutions which are a collection of services that allow organisations to enforce IM usage policies by monitoring usage, managing IM traffic and filtering content to block unwanted messages, computer viruses and offensive material, as well as logging all IM messages for audit purposes.
After all, that was the reason the Agreement had been embarked upon in the first place.
Now for a recap of tonight's language points.
A woman and her dog walk on a beach at low tide in Newport, Rhode Island.
Survey of household expenditure 1997
The scissors aren't sharp.
d like to sit in the front of the plane. 6
Annex 4: How Candidates' Complaints are Handled
AIM : To study the effect of basil polysaccharide on the rat model bearing NuTu - 19 cells .
www.un.org/ga/president
Changing volume ratio of the two-chamber muffler can improve the effective noise reduction frequency range of the muffler.
(b) Provide physical and psychological recovery measures for all children affected by armed conflict, including those separated from their parents and landmine victims, while paying particular attention to female-headed households;
However, China says the United States had ample time to prepare the industry for market changes before those quotas expired.
Article 25 After making the decision that the request meets the conditions for extradition or the decision that no extradition shall be granted, the Higher People's Court shall have it read to the person sought and, within seven days from the date it makes the decision, submit the decision and the relevant material to the Supreme People's Court for review.
The region has lost some of its most productive members to this unregulated transfer of arms.
If the Board agrees to change the policy, special provisions will be inserted in the new guidelines.
Diplococcus alibicans tardissimus
In a constant resistance D . C circuit the current will vary directly proportional to the voltage.
304. The gains in maternal health and other dimensions of sexual and reproductive health and rights during the past 20 years reflect advances in many distinct goals of the Programme of Action, for example, in technical advances relating to childbirth, access to contraception to avert unwanted pregnancies, and proximate factors such as gains in women's education and social, legal and political empowerment.
Each piece is dried, mounted in a clear trophy case and marked with the type of rhino that produced it.
The President: In a letter contained in document A/52/350/Add.1, the Secretary-General informs the President of the General Assembly that, since the issuance of his communication dated 16 September 1997, the Republic of Moldova has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.
He declared that not even this relation is deterministic.
There are several methods have been used for its manufacture. different processes require different time.
When it was about to pass the second bridge at 1905 hours, it was approached by an Iranian military patrol boat with a number of armed men on board.
There's no-one.
26. In the Central African Republic, MINURCAT, in coordination with the United Nations Peacebuilding Support Office (BONUCA), liaises on a regular basis with police authorities in Bangui to provide technical advice on ways to strengthen law enforcement in the north-eastern part of the country.
Its role in the progressive development and codification of international law in the field of intellectual property was therefore obvious.
Castle's moray eel
Zhang Daixin
:: Regional training programmes and workshops for traditional women's associations
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the constructive dialogue with the high-level and multisectoral delegation of the State party.
Besides soft drinks, we serve coffee, tea, sandwiches and cakes, etc.
Oleh Luzhny
Taking into account the volume and complexity of the main body and supporting scientific and technical data of the submission, a reasonable time should be allowed for the completion of the translation of the full submission, including its annexes and charts, and the conversion of the data, if necessary, before the Commission shall meet for consideration of the submission.
The crisis is very serious.
Note by the Secretary-General
Item 4 (g) of the provisional agenda*
-- Swindling the peasants, says the citizen, and the poor of Ireland.
I just want to live, Rambo.
In accordance with article 18 of the Convention, the Republic of Azerbaijan submitted its initial report to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women within a year of signing the Convention.
He suggested going out for a walk.
844 Packing has a close bearing on sales.
She is very active in classroom activities.
These goods will be railroaded to that city. Railways make more money by shipping freight than by carrying passengers.
Making use of existing institutions and ensuring their effectiveness and efficiency should be part of the enhancement of international environmental governance and may result in significant gains;
The Council then adopted unanimously resolution 1294 (2000), in which it reaffirmed its view that a continued United Nations presence in Angola could greatly contribute to the promotion of peace, national reconciliation, human rights and regional security, and extended the mandate of the Office for six months.
In addition to being very quiet, suppressed weapons do not have visible muzzle flashes.
In many countries, the policy and regulatory framework for air pollution control is weak.
Since early December 2005, violence has intensified with almost daily attacks on security forces personnel; the killing of members and supporters of the LTTE and other Tamil factions, including the LTTE breakaway Karuna faction; assassinations of high-profile public and military persons; clashes at sea between the Sri Lankan navy and LTTE sea units; and increased death and injury of civilians.
III. Political developments
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments
The international community should promote an effective international cooperation for the realization of the right to development and the elimination of obstacles to development."
3. Requests the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee to continue his informal consultations with the members of the Committee and to report through the Committee to the General Assembly at its sixty-fourth session;
Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
In spring, one sleeps and wakes up to find it is already day.
Tangshan, 200 kilometers away from Beijing, but also felt the earthquake.
all the same==do mind: ==all the same: Although you didn't complete it in time, I appreciate you all the same.One day the life free from the harsh decrees of state-sponsored racial repression
43. In response to the concerns expressed regarding United Nations human resources policies and procedures, including the recruitment process, the Board supported the review and update of the current memorandum of understanding with the Office of Human Resources Management of the United Nations in order to find a more flexible method of recruiting staff that might best serve the needs of the Fund.
Then there are 'Spine' and 'Spore' Crawlers, which it can be presumed are the equivalents to the earlier colonies.
Protecting the integrity of the person (art. 17)
Until he learns these things, he will write as though he stood among and watched the end of man
In response, UNDP expressed its intention to take the matter forward by requesting the High-Level Committee on Management to address the resolution.
(d) Erred on a question of law; or
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the interim report of the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief (A/67/303)
At the subprogramme level, the secretariat undertook an evaluation of the work of the subprogramme on information and communications technology and disaster risk reduction and an evaluative review of the ESCAP Pacific Office for the purposes of assessing the relevance, efficiency and effectiveness of the subprogramme and the Pacific Office in delivering its programme of work and ascertaining ESCAP's comparative advantages and value addition to the work of other relevant international and regional organizations.
This is an action running totally counter to the historical trend.
The book is valuable for my purpose.
Aggregate expenditure for these five sectors was $10.5 billion (69 per cent).
ABOVE US$100,000 (CATEGORY “D” CLAIMS) GE.98-64038 CONTENTS
It is recommended that the level again be set at 0.75 per cent, or $40.9 million, for the biennium 2012-2013.
Recommendations
Whose handbag is it?
In recent weeks, the President of Belarus had signed a bill on the establishment of a Park of High Technologies, which would not only develop science in Belarus but also provide for the export of ICT and related programmes.
Draft resolution on the Follow-up International Conference on Financing for Development to Review the Implementation of the Monterrey Consensus
While in Korea, Gov. Mike Smith of Utah was relaxing in the VIP lounge the Seoul airport, awaiting his flight to Japan.
74. On 28 December, the Civil Administration in the West Bank demolished two Palestinian homes in the village of Kifel Hares.
Separate dining-rooms, which may be reserved for par-ties of 10 guests or more, are available for private luncheons.
The second is the dialectical logic diversely and unitedly determined by the unity of subjectivity and objectivity.
We also welcome the updating and use of a light-weapons register for Africa in order to promote transparency and confidence-building measures for the transfer of weapons between countries participating in the Small Arms Transparency and Control Regime in Africa.
Services were provided in such manner in some States (Albania, Argentina, Cameroon, Philippines, Poland, Republic of Moldova and Singapore), often tailored to the needs of particular groups of women, such as immigrant women (Finland) or women with disabilities (Spain).
24. The activities related to the servicing of the Counter-Terrorism Committee are of an extraordinary nature and should be dealt with as provided for in paragraph 11 of annex I to General Assembly resolution 41/213 of 19 December 1986. Annex I
Life in the camp, not surprisingly , is one of strict discipline.
actually, this is a "gossip girl" book.
The Minister calls attention to the ongoing wanton aggression against Iraq by United States and British aircraft in the unlawful no-flight zones and to the fact that in the period from 7 to 15 February 2001 they carried out 291 sorties, 99 of them from Saudi Arabia, 128 from Kuwait and 64 from Turkey.
In countries which were heavily indebted to the World Bank and private banks, this move resulted in education being influenced by these entities and in undermining the social sciences by emphasizing technical education to serve the purposes of transnational corporations.
After a brief lock-up period, investors in such funds can redeem their investments on a quarterly basis; thus a bank-like run on hedge funds is highly possible.
M. Kuwait 452 - 497 65
2. Stresses the important role of Governments in the design of public policies and in the provision of public services responsive to national needs and priorities through, inter alia, making effective use of information and communication technologies, on the basis of a multi-stakeholder approach, to support national development efforts;
Original: English
Kenya (5-6)a, b
Mark Twain 25.Do not rejoice over anyone's death;remember that we all mus
Hard drinks are consumed by 12 per cent of the schoolage population (8.7 per cent at the age of 11, 14.3 per cent at the age of 13, and 13 per cent at the age of 15).
The competent administrative departments for environmental protection of the local people's governments at or above the county level shall exercise unified supervision and administration of the prevention and control of environmental noise pollution within their respective administrative regions.
You can contribute the maximum amount of $1,000 per month or $12,000 per year; or
Santo Domingo Suchitepéquez
Report of the Conference on Disarmament (August-September 2014, Geneva) (Suppl.
It has been a consistent element in the approach of the Netherlands towards nuclear reduction talks to emphasize the importance of irreversibility.
At the same session, the General Assembly recalled its decision to consider the need to hold a follow-up financing for development conference by 2013, and to hold informal consultations with a view to taking a final decision on the need for such a conference by 2013.
3. Urges all relevant stakeholders to increase their efforts so that the goals of the Education for All agenda can be achieved by 2015 by, inter alia, tackling persistent economic and social inequalities, including on the basis of such factors as income, gender, location, ethnicity, language and disability, and notes the role that good governance can play in this regard;
Concerns were raised, however, regarding the CEB intention to prepare a study on the functioning of the International Civil Service Commission (ICSC).
My doctor won't let me drink anything but champagne.
Yunbo: I've read about Canadian art on the Internet, but that's all
That impudent fellow needs to be sat on firmly.
He raised an arm and pointed to her, and five seconds later Jennifer Parker found herself being grabbed, 17)handcuffed and placed under arrest
These are the fruits of Lebanon: goodness and love, not grapes of wrath, not fire.
 In the opposite case, the sanctions, to be sure, will have a long-term effect, but before the ultimate objective is achieved the highest price will be paid by the innocent population of the affected country, by people who cannot deal by themselves with the internationally censured regime.
84. At the same meeting, the representative of El Salvador made a statement (see A/C.3/65/SR.47).
Arab and North African countries
At least the constituent instrument of the international organization is a treaty or another instrument governed by international law; other rules of the organization may be viewed as part of international law.
The amount awarded yielded interest on arrears at a rate determined in conformity with German law.
I know he is here. That's him. I'm telling you   that's him.
Recalling its willingness to consider, at an appropriate time, a peacekeeping operation to take over from the Mission, subject to progress in the political process and improvement in the security situation on the ground,
The Committee trusts that efforts will be made to improve gender parity and geographic diversity in the hiring of consultants.
(c) Development of an accounting module on medium-sized enterprises;
II. Establishing, within the Head Office for Migration, a special Forgeries and Investigations Department in order to supplement the training referred to above.
How dared they do such a thing?
Most of the large number of messages on this hotline initially assessed were referred back to the originators for further information or clarification.
Draft resolution (A/56/L.31)
The Constitution classifies rights and freedoms into personal, political, economic, social and cultural.
They can still accumulate experience , remove some out-of-date things from own brains.
The situation described was unsatisfactory.
But if Ashley wants to fill out her frame, we suggest using a fork instead," said PETA.
Voluntary Fund for Technical Cooperation in the Field of Human Rights, Board of Trustees [Economic and Social Council decision 1993/283]
But what if it has become inconvenient now for you to do what you promised?
And I wash my hands of both of them.
19. The Russian Federation believes that it is high time to consider diversifying the sources of financing for peace-keeping operations through the increased material responsibility of recipient States and other States directly interested in ending the conflict.
The comparative research on tissue fixation by microwave and that by formalin was made in rats.
And she just noticed me dancing around, And she was like, "maybe I should put this girl into dance class."
The work of protecting refugees includes: promoting the conclusion of international conventions for the protection of refugees at the global and regional level and supervising their application; promoting legislation and other measures at national or regional level to ensure that refugees are identified and accorded an appropriate status and standard of treatment in their countries of asylum; and ensuring, with and through the national authorities, the safety and well-being of specific refugee groups and individuals in asylum countries.
30. Ms. Nazar (Kuwait) said that government bodies, including numerous ministries, as well as non-governmental organizations had been involved in preparing her delegation's report.
Turkey’s internal politics have worsened by the day, and the country’s deep divisions, which reflect entrenched historical and sociological fault lines, show no signs of narrowing under a president who seems temperamentally incapable of winning over anyone who is not already a follower.
8. The Ministers expressed their alarm at the deepening economic, social and humanitarian crisis and isolation being endured by the Palestinian civilian population in the Gaza Strip.
And with that kind of money on the mortician's table, corruption abounds.
So now we have this equation where we started out with the chemical potentials.
"Tell her I'll be right out," she said softly.
The global trend, however, is towards a decrease in freshwater availability for both human uses and the environment, caused by increasing demand -- demand that reflects population growth, technological factors and increased economic activity.
All of these communal legal instruments have extended and consolidated the institutional structure for the new Central American integration.
A briefing on the logistics and organizational aspects of the High-level United Nations Conference on South-South Cooperation (Nairobi, Kenya (1 - 3 December 2009)), co-organized by the Permanent Mission of Kenya and the Special Unit for South-South Cooperation, United Nations Development Programme, will be held on Wednesday, 18 November 2009, from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
2. Legal safeguards for economic, social and cultural rights
Today, up to ten dogs wander with Blueberry through the four floors of TRX's San Francisco office.
Replies received from Governments
Each IUFO region has a secretariat or a logistic support.
Sustained private sector growth, however, cannot be achieved without a proper legal and institutional framework.
The long slobbering slothful decline we had been looking forward to was not to be.
Narrow-hearted men can't contain a good woman's love, as love is free.
Delegations are kindly requested to make 40 copies for minimum distribution to Council members and relevant services, and 200 additional copies for general distribution in the Security Council Chamber.
The Chairperson also informed the Council that the Committee agreed, in principle, to reducing the number of meetings for the consideration of a periodic report, from three to two on a trial basis.
The daily list of documents distributed at Headquarters is issued in the Journal.
(b) Increased capacity for income generation among project participants and improved living standards in local communities affected by environmental degradation;
The law of life should not be the competition of acquisitiveness?but cooperation?the good of each contributing to the good of all.
The protection methods of radiation emission and its measurements are discussed.
Total 6 993 32 235 2 198 41 426
Furthermore, any amendment to the draft decision would need to be discussed in informal consultations.
The impotence of the Special Rapporteur in such situations made a mockery of the special procedures in relation to extrajudicial executions.
The Joint Operations Centre will also be supported by an Associate Information Technology Officer and an Associate Administrative Officer (2 P-2), who will manage the Centre's information database, provide support for the information management needs of the Centre and act as its geographic information systems and information technology focal point.
To address this challenge, the Independent Electoral Commission will need to expand considerably its field structure.
The National Union of Eritrean Women actively participated in the preparation of the national strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS and the HIV/AIDS, malaria, sexually transmitted diseases and tuberculosis programme, supported by the World Bank and The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the items are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/65/SR.34 and 42).
This involves amending or adopting legislation, voting on budgets and, of course, holding Governments to account as far as implementation is concerned.
Huge virtuous say: "The idea is in the compound body of reasonableness and sensitive faculty that presents for an instant. "
Establishment of "Logistics Industry Training Advisory Committee"
34. Notes with interest the cost-neutral initiatives of the Secretariat to produce publications in several languages, increase the volume of translated publications and encourage a multilingual acquisition policy for the libraries of the United Nations, and requests the Secretariat to continue those initiatives;
I could hear him prowling around in his bedroom all night.
In November 2001, NDLP was extended to include all lone parents not working, or working fewer than 16 hours per week.
Effect: The promotion blood circulation, the cell activation, enhance immunity of the mammary gland proliferation.
22. The Special Rapporteur, on the basis of his visit to Kenya this year, as well as his previous visit to South Africa (see E/CN.4/2006/78/Add.2) and his conversations with members of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights and with other experts, has formulated some ideas on the problems of indigenous peoples which he would like to share with the members of the General Assembly.
9. States parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in that country.
He had a nose for a situation. If there was something amiss, he sensed it easily.
Judge, International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, 1995-present. Elected by United Nations General Assembly in May 1995.
By enabling early warning and responses to natural and manmade disasters, the new connectivity increases social coherence and capacity.
Income
15. Group of Experts on the Democratic Republic of the Congo
86. Meshal Jazza el-Enezi
The recent clashes have resulted in the large-scale displacement of the population from the area.
(a) Freshwater fishing business totalling 375,000 tons;
15 February 2013
Experts nominated by member States are encouraged to submit brief papers (approximately 5 pages) as contributions to the work of the Meeting.
At day's end the PRAP walkers carry their surface finds back to a temporary museum in a Hora schoolhouse.
It should be noted that those States which require a treaty basis and do not take the Convention as the legal basis for extradition have an obligation under paragraph 5 to seek to conclude with other parties treaties on extradition in order to strengthen international cooperation in criminal matters as a stated purpose of the Convention.
Moreover, donations from international funds under this initiative should be used primarily to support regional and subregional banks and to alleviate bilateral debt between developing countries.
Jack will be covering your work.
Agenda item 170: Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (continued) (A/53/238 and Add.1, A/53/1019 and A/C.5/53/L.79)
One armed man was observed in the vicinity of B 88
It was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words.
Pre-qualification of logging companies
1. At its 33rd and 36th meetings, on 19 and 23 December 2005, the Fifth Committee, pursuant to rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, considered the statement by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/60/17) on the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.53.
2. The Conference was held at United Nations Headquarters on 12 November 2007.
so , you mull it over and i ' ll talk to you soon
Recalling further the 2005 World Summit Outcome, and reaffirming in particular the section on terrorism,
62. Capacity-building is taking on particular urgency at a time when major emphasis is placed on national ownership in the development dialogue, including in processes such as the common country assessment/United Nations Development Assistance Framework (CCA/UNDAF), and the Comprehensive Development Framework and Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (see also the reports on Operational Activities of the United Nations for international development cooperation at the substantive session of 2001 of the Council).
Adopts the outcome of the universal periodic review on Austria which is constituted of the report of the Working Group on Austria (A/HRC/17/8), together with the views of Austria concerning the recommendations and/or conclusions, as well as its voluntary commitments and its replies presented before the adoption of the outcome by the plenary to questions or issues that were not sufficiently addressed during the interactive dialogue in the Working Group (A/HRC/17/2, chapter VI and A/HRC/17/8/Add.1).
I struggle for words when asking a sudden question.
Zhang: I like it very much.
Isolated and politically defeated, it continues to step up its hostility against Cuba and persist in its plans to use violence and terrorism against our country.
591. Migrants are also important for transmitting "social remittances" to their countries of origin, including new ideas, products, information and technology, and diasporas play an important role in establishing academic and business networks between countries of origin and destination.
Council members were also briefed by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, Valerie Amos, and by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, António Guterres, both of whom had just returned from a visit to the Central African Republic.
Being drunk, the comedian performed abysmally.
This analysis of relationships will include looking at instances where the company might be seen as complicit in abuse caused by others.
Hungary
One example is a declaration relating to explosives, which would prompt an inspection irrespective of the origin, provenance or submitting operator.
The child's decision to exercise or not exercise this right is his or her choice and, as such, should be recognized, respected and protected.
Monday, 10 October 2011, from 10 to 11.30 a.m. in Conference Room E (NLB).
(d) Report the proceedings of the Conference in appropriate journals;
Kim whispered something in her mother's ear.
The NPAG calls for future studies to focus on gender disparities in disabling conditions and to assess gender differences in the socioeconomic impact of disabilities.
28 October 1988(*)
In line with Sri Lanka's policy of open and constructive engagement with the international community and its commitment to enforce global standards, Sri Lanka will work closely with its partners to combat this heinous activity.
This tin alter into free-floating solicitude, which strikes late-stage addicts and tin final anywhere from a few moments to days.
I should like to remind everyone sent to Côte d'Ivoire, regardless of their level of responsibility, whether they are sent for the settlement of the crisis or simply to follow up decisions we have taken, that their mission is to help us.
Country data Bangladesh
Adoption of the agenda;
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
Be careful  with that match; that straw catches fire easily.
2007 Emirates Cup
Replacement of 40 accommodation tents (soft-wall structures) with 20 sets of 3-module hard-wall structures in 9 observation posts in the desert owing to the deterioration of the soft-wall structures after 15 years in desert conditions
Estimate 2006: 10
Though a target of public ire, he continues to enjoy strong support from clients, investors and the board.
Legal issues have been a key focus for the Council in relation to Somali piracy and, in particular, how to ensure the prosecution of suspected pirates and imprisonment in the case of convictions, since few countries are willing to take this on.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
He costume ball which is being given next month for the Archidona Children's Relief Fund.
There are at least two abiding reasons why the CD should undertake cut—off negotiations.
However, presentational imperfection might not please the picky institutional clients that Winnington hopes to attract in the next few months.
Variations from that general practice were reported by a number of States whose legislation contained different age thresholds (12, 14 or 16 years of age).
During the two-day meeting, delegates developed a comprehensive PIDC Integrity Programme Proposal, to table at its Annual Conference in September.
Nevertheless, the Committee remains concerned about the persistent regional disparities in access to health care, high rates of malnutrition in children under five years of age and in school—age children, and low access to health care services in rural and remote areas.
On the eve of the political changes about 50 per cent of the external trade of these countries was accounted for by trade among themselves, and their production structures had become closely interdependent.
Remove the upper suspension arm nut and bolt at the axle bracket.
It's through applications of every variety that businesses will be using the personal computer as the tool of the Information Age.
Improved management of specialist support contracts
Under William, the feudal system in England was completely established.
Mr. Fowlie (International Telecommunication Union) provided an update on preparations for WSIS+10.
However all recent policy documents of the Government such as the Education Sector Reforms Programme, the National Health Policy etc. place special emphasis on the rural areas.
Financial Management, as one of prominent component, its mode shall take innovation without exception
The new list of teaching specialties drawn up on the basis of a deeper and broader integration of individual occupations in the current unified handbook on rates and qualifications provides for expanding the possibilities of providing women with vocational training.
Maldives
CERD, HR Committee and UNICEF made similar recommendations.
In the recently adopted Malabo Declaration of the African Union, States members had recommitted to agricultural development and resolved to triple intra-African trade in agricultural commodities and services by 2025.
Maximum use will be made of locally available resources, knowledge and infrastructure.
After a while he carried the ball to the surface, and threw it onto the grass.
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments
43. During the reporting period, the Office of the Prosecutor continued to allocate substantial resources to dealing with ongoing obligations arising from access orders.
Article 54 If the quality of coal supplied by coal mining enterprises and coal trading enterprises to customers does not meet the national or trade standards or the requirements agreed upon in a contract, or the quality does not match the grade or the price, thus causing losses to customers, compensation shall be made according to law.
I take this opportunity to highlight Bangladesh's position on the issue.
Background: Article 17 of the Convention contains procedures for the adoption of protocols to the Convention.
58. The international community must urgently implement global collaborative efforts in order to help poor countries maintain and bring about sustainable macroeconomic stability, by building their capacities and establishing buffers to cushion them from the effects of external economic shocks.
Normarc has continued to develop and industrialize its TSAT-2000 system in close collaboration with ESA and the Norwegian Space Centre.
UN-Women maintains a directory of national mechanisms for gender equality, which indicates that 193 countries have a dedicated gender equality mechanism or focal point in place.
The boss's secretary just told me he's leaving for another job.
:: Briefing of newly appointed mission public information personnel on mission and United Nations Headquarters communications requirements and priorities
54. The Operation will also provide logistical support for the elections.
So, PSGV control valve should be designed with more stuff trim structural integrity.
Not to perambulate the corridors in the hours of repose in the boots of ascension.
Armed attacks against nuclear installations devoted to peaceful purposes
Barring that, our goal is to get out as quickly as possible, and to make the meeting as productive as possible.
30. A lessons learned review of UNICEF construction programmes in tsunami-affected areas
The Special Committee encourages the Bureau to continue to facilitate this dialogue and to keep Member States updated on developments related thereto.
The United Nations has been playing a central role in enhancing international awareness regarding the problems and initiating international action-oriented efforts.
A An important report shows the cancer fighting effect of sesamin.
3. The reporting period saw increased political activity among Afghan stakeholders ahead of the country's political and security transitions, which culminate in 2014.
You're not gonna die for her.
50. With regard to question 44, she said that cohabitation was not regulated under Greek law.
He would also note that as seen in the 1995 Copenhagen Declaration of the World Summit for Social Development, the right to be free from attempts at assimilation is emerging as an international norm.
But, it beckoned him back in his sleep, and showed itself in shining forms.
Quick-impact projects, which could have a strong stabilizing impact, had been allocated less than 0.01 per cent of the total budget for peacekeeping operations.
Countering corruption was an important dimension in ensuring human rights and concerted efforts were necessary to combat corruption and its manifestations.
Wireless broadband  access  is available for guests in the executive lounge, all restaurants and public areas.
Notable aspects of these 10 "unusually large or complex" claims and the Panel's findings and recommendations on the Valuation Items are set out below.
32. The Nepal Army has conducted investigations into human rights violations, which allegedly occurred during the conflict, and through legal procedures provided by the Interim Constitution and relevant laws of Nepal, discharged the following sentences to the army personnel of various ranks: 118 sentences to imprisonment (from 1 month to 10 years); 62 discharges from service; 40 demotions; 23 forfeits of grades; 26 forfeits of promotions; 8 warnings; and 8 sentences to pay compensation to families of victims.
Objective : To evaluate the efficiency of intermaxillary traction by miniscrew in the treatment of jaw fracture.
Article 10. Protection and preservation of ecosystems 54
I was most chagrined when I heard that he had got the job instead of me.
17. At the 45th meeting, on 28 July, the Council, on the proposal of the Vice-President, took note of a number of documents considered by the Economic and Social Council in connection with the question of coordination, programme and other questions.
Asst Dist Commander (Crime)(Yuen Long)
(v) Coordinating space activities with rules for the safety of air and maritime traffic;
Regarding the challenges faced by the General Assembly, the report states:
How did these differences come about?
Broader access to the Internet and information was also provided with a view to empowering the people.
In this regard, the Special Rapporteur notes that Principle 6 of the Basic Principles on the Independence of the Judiciary provides that “The principle of the independence of the judiciary entitles and requires the judiciary to ensure that judicial proceedings are conducted fairly and that the rights of the parties are respected.”
It is very much the United Kingdom's view that we should now just get on and do it.
It kind of melted to his hand.
Here's a typical sentence: "Priorto the implementation of the financial enhancement. "
Your organization defines the type of nonworking time that you can report.
Allegations of torture continued and the Government had failed to implement fully the recommendations made by the Special Rapporteur on torture following his visit in 2002.
Yes. I had the evidence.
(a) There was a serious disconnect between the senior members of the local security force investigation team;
International Labour Organization
The Chief of the Oversight Support Unit introduced the report of the Secretary-General (A/61/214/Add.2).
Those delegations considered that the Fifth Committee of the General Assembly should address this matter within the framework of its consideration of the proposed programme budget for 2014-2015.
Date and place of birth: 13 December 1946, Quito, Ecuador
The Executive Directorate has sponsored or co-hosted several counter-terrorism workshops and conferences around the world on topics or in regions in which other organizations have not been able to deal with specific counter-terrorism issues.
In conclusion, he stated that the Parking Programme was complicating the work of the Russian Mission and requested that a review be conducted in order to assess the conformity of the Parking Programme with the obligations of the host country as set out in the Legal Counsel's opinion (A/AC.154/358, annex).
After some delay, work on the crossing is now under way.
Permanent Secretary, Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa
The draft guidelines suggest that the international community has the additional task of providing a suitable international environment in areas of trade, investment, market, debt and so on.
Lithuania commended efforts to protect women rights and to reduce gender-based violence.
We are convinced that economic disparities between mountains and their surrounding areas can be reduced through investment and other means.
(a) The reservation is prohibited by the treaty;
The Saudi Railways Organization is a Saudi Arabian Government entity affiliated with the Ministry of Communications.
Nota: Se ruega a las delegaciones se sirvan enviar sus correcciones a la siguiente lista, por escrito, a la Secretaría de la Comisión, oficina S-2950A, edificio de la Secretaría.
The projectile with deflectable nose control is a new way of controlling.
He threw me a glance, his eyes sparking with the firelight.
54. On the basis of the proposals presented as well as the concerns expressed later, the facilitators concluded that for the great majority of participants, the consultations proposed by the Chairperson-Rapporteur had contributed to bringing positions closer together.
191. The discussions in Part II of Panel A on priorities in marine science and technology were led off by presentations from the following representatives: Mr. Patricio A. Bernal, Executive Secretary, IOC/UNESCO; Mr. Hein Rune Skjoldal, Institute of Marine Research, Bergen, Norway; Dr. Li Jingguang, Director General, State Oceanic Administration, China; Dr. Norman P. Neureiter, Science and Technology Adviser to the Secretary, United States Department of State, jointly with Dr. W. Stanley Wilson, Director, International Ocean Programmes, Oceanic and Atmospheric Research, United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA); and Dr. Sian Pullen, World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF).
In paragraph 2 (b), the General Assembly called for the improvement of the situation of women in rural areas, including through pursuing the political and socio-economic empowerment of rural women and supporting their full and equal participation in decision-making at all levels.
We are very much concerned about the future of our country.
1.3 The revised edition contains the updated text of appendix A to the 300 series of the Staff Rules.
20. Observers and civil society reports suggest that the human rights situation in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has deteriorated under the leadership of Kim Jong-un. In particular, there are signs of heightened social control and of increased use of public security forces as a means to stabilize the new regime.
Emphasis has been placed on the identification of potential vendors from developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
I have a large library, I make it available to as and when the votes.
The parties are active not only at the federal level but also in elections to the parliaments of the Länder and local government.
Long-term unemployed
Although women account for 39 per cent of the ministers (with nine women appointed to 23 ministries), the proportion of women declines drastically at the level of undersecretaries' offices, regional secretariats and departmental councils.
Phone: (33-1) 4069-3022
I think it will certainly be profound and pervasive, and occur without notice.
 The systematic rape of thousands of women had been particularly distressing.
Each Member ratifying this Convention shall supply to the Director-General of the International Labour Office information on the measures by which the Convention is applied,  including particulars of any collective agreements in force which give effect to any of its provisions.
As Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge, Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger.
The runners  started when the gun went off.
A/63/114/Add.1
a copy of the full song for the record, but I'd like to read one of the verses, which explains my outlook on life with diabetes.
Recalling its resolution 64/290 of 9 July 2010 on the right to education in emergency situations,
The Committee will begin its consideration of the cluster of items on decolonization on Monday, 3 October, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 4 (NLB).
The Convention fails to distinguish adequately between the terms "marine scientific research", "prospecting" and "exploration", nor does it make a distinction between pure and applied scientific research.
That does not mean multilateral reductions targets are useless.
The Taste of Apples
On the one hand, employers measure shortlisted candidates during the conversation. On the other, prospective employees can decide whether the job in question is right for them
Apistoloricaria laani
National staff: increase of 5 posts (establishment of 5 national General Service posts)
13. Calls upon States to take appropriate measures to prohibit financial institutions within their territories or under their jurisdiction from opening representative offices or subsidiaries or banking accounts in the DPRK if they have information that provides reasonable grounds to believe that such financial services could contribute to the DPRK's nuclear or ballistic missile programmes, and other activities prohibited by resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and this resolution.
The Aviation Technical Advisory Group promotes measures to reduce the level of risks associated with the United Nations system's civil air transport operations.
You need not write down the translation.
Israel, along with others, had hoped to avoid voting on the resolution, which should ideally have been adopted by consensus.
Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Committee of Experts on Public Administration
(b) The amendment to operative paragraph 8 to delete the phrase "including marine resources," was withdrawn by the United States.
Report of the Secretary-General on world population monitoring, focusing on population distribution, urbanization, internal migration and development
 34. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Questions relating to information".
It reaffirmed that Israel's continued occupation of the Syrian Golan since 1967 and its annexation of it on 14 December 1981 constitute a permanent threat to peace and security in the region.
UN 2014 Add "PP10" and delete "PP29" in column 9.
They determined to do this at any cost.
They are hoping to penetrate the Japanese market with their lastest produce.
Association de la jeunesse congolaise pour le développement
2. The title of the annex should read
 Its members will travel, as necessary, to Pakistan (and indeed other neighbouring countries) in order to consult with Afghan leaders resident there.
(ii) An authorization for the employment of staff or of consultants.
Mountain fulvetta
These would build on developments realized under the stewardship of the former President of the General Assembly.
Sure thing, boss oh, almost forgot. Uh, I talked to the barber.
Prevention was considered an effective strategy in the field of criminal justice and should continue to receive active support.
After golf, we like to eat at restaurants.
The detailed definition of the design of each function is completed, based on the requirements of the future end-users. Software to implement the automated functions is developed and tested.
|   |  | Reporting To Headquarters:'Risky Business'  Reporting To Headquarters:'Risky Business'  Reporting To Headquarters:Risky Business  MR. SMITH: Well, Yuri, tell me about it
Because it was there when most of us arrived, Pinnacle Plaza seems like a natural part of the landscape rather than an alien invader
Item 2 (b) of the provisional agenda*
For most of the people, excluding all the clergymen of course, a life without sex and tenderness is unimaginable.
** It should be noted that full expenditures as at 30 June 1999 should not exceed 75 per cent of the approved budget.
5. Working with civil society
www.un.org/chinese/sc/ctc
There was no inducement for her to behave better.
Sound natural frequency of wind tunnel tube plays a key role in researching the buffeting phenomenon of low speed automotive wind tunnel.
(i) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibit for the promotion of subregional activities for development in East and North-East Asia (1);
19. At the invitation of the Chairman, Mr. Hale (British Coalition for East Timor) took a place at the petitioners' table.
Azerbaijan Vaqif Sadykhov, Fuad Ismayilov
Humanity fell into the greatest level of barbarism thereafter , returning to hunting, gathering and living in caves.
Enhance the protection of ecologically sensitive areas and natural heritages
They have inspired decision makers, scientists, researchers, environmentalists, writers and members of civil society in their journey to consolidate sustainable development worldwide.
In the weeks leading up to the elections, it seemed that the public had grown weary of a prime minister who had been in office long enough to be corrupted by the arrogance of power and tainted by a raft of petty scandals.
Road to Dawn
Representative of Australia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Given the complex nature of such trafficking, securing the expertise of other organizations and ensuring complementarity of action are essential.
The indicative plan for 2000 includes the implementation of projects on protecting the soil from erosion and improving soil fertility as part of the agricultural sector development programme.
 The two sides are of the view that the peace-keeping operations should, based on the Charter of the United Nations, strictly abide by the important principles of: agreement among all parties concerned, impartiality, neutrality, non-interference in each other's internal affairs and non-use of force except self-defence.
(b) Institutions of civil society, redisseminators and other partners are able to participate in collaborative efforts of the United Nations, including at the local level;
If you live in India there are different rules and regulations.
Each regression coefficient estimate is associated with a scale estimate.
As at the reporting date of the current financial statements, the General Assembly had not invoked that provision.
Incidents included explosives placed inside or in the vicinity of schools and threats made against education officials if schools were used as polling centres.
General Assembly
In the 1980s it was often assumed that the developing world would get the poor-quality, grunt jobs and the west would reserve for itself higher-quality skilled labour.
X. Other matters
Pembroke Park, Florida
Indeed, very few are read by our masters at home, let alone by the wider public.
And merchants benefit by receiving protection against fraud.
17. Finally, he said that at its fourth meeting, the Conference of the Parties would discuss relationships with other biodiversity-related conventions, institutions and processes.
But things are changing even in the US.
It was in that spirit that Algeria had joined the consensus to adopt resolution 48/218 B in which the General Assembly institutionalized the system of internal oversight services.
鈥淗ello,鈥?she said.
6. The additional information provided to the Advisory Committee indicated that the underexpenditure of $1,533,600 for international and local personnel was offset in part by overexpenditure for general temporary assistance, common staff costs and "other travel".
Place the vase on the shelves of the wall.
His delegation was slightly concerned that the Under-Secretary-General’s presentation had focused on the non-payment of assessed contributions during the first two months of the calendar year.
Believing that militarily significant States and States with larger military capabilities have a special responsibility in promoting such agreements for regional security,
UNEP/CHW.11/5 Basel Convention regional and coordinating centres
The slow pace of the electoral process, the lack of a complete electoral calendar and the non-commitment of the donors had a direct impact on the number of meetings held
I call upon the donor community to support the authorities in this regard, and urge United Nations agencies and child protection partners to increase their prevention and response activities and effectively coordinate their efforts.
75. A wide range of themes were proposed to address the social dimension of globalization by civil society organizations and other stakeholders.
"All the consequences should be borne by North Koreans.
Alistair had a logical mind, and little imagination.
Thus a total of 30 minutes is set aside for questions and answers;
Perla Carvalho Sotoa,b
The President drew attention to the text of a draft resolution contained in document S/2000/1040, which had been prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
Poland
However, how long it will take to assess and repair is still not known.
3. In addition to 5,537 military personnel (including 810 military observers), the proposed budget for the financial period 2001/02 includes 13 civilian police and 1,710 civilian personnel (782 international, 758 local staff and 170 United Nations Volunteers).
(b) By what measures does your country facilitate the establishment of a family as well as maintain, strengthen and protect it, particularly while it is responsible for the care and education of dependent children?
United Nations Development Programme
There are some 10,000 Palestinian political prisoners in Israeli jails and prisoners are treated in an inhuman and degrading manner.
:: Does Saudi Arabia have a body that specializes in counter-terrorism, or is this the responsibility of a number of departments or agencies?
Full-funding arrangements represent United Nations Volunteer assignments directly funded by donor Governments.
Leonard Cheshire Foundation
The developing world will account for US$ 14.5 trillion in total GDP; their per capita GDP, however, will be only US$ 2,214.
Resolving international dispute and tension spots justly and equitably to all, and to eliminate all forms of colonial occupation and racial discrimination.
In the private sector, women run cybercafés or service companies and are setting up businesses for the production and assembly of Mauritanian-made personal computers.
Would you plan and plan before you ever wrote a word
(a) Any item decided upon by the Committee at a previous session;
Under such an approach, even if the debtor had received a notification, the debtor should be entitled to discharge by paying the assignor, as if there had been no assignment.
The importance of the sound management of chemicals as a factor in the achievement of core sustainable development goals is not always well recognized.
In our countries, public administration has definitely not lived up to the hopes placed in it for the establishment of conditions to promote economic and social development.
Reduction of Field Service (Other level) international post
Unable to engage in many activities, my father still tried to participate in
Jordan
In this regard, the members of the Council expressed their support for the Government of Angola's efforts to ensure that the conditions were conducive for the holding of fair and credible elections as soon as possible.
In decision GC.8/Dec.16 the General Conference authorized the Director-General to establish a reserve, not subject to the provisions of financial regulations 4.2(b) and 4.2(c).
You set a portlet parameter called cm. workspace to the name of your new workspace.
i thought you said we didn't go anywhere.
Recommendation No. 3
4. Encourages international cooperation in the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, including through global partnerships for development, which are crucial for the realization of the Goals for all, including persons with disabilities;
Giovanni Agnelli
The first level of "sensitive information" would be commercial.
In 10 years the incomes of Kazakh citizens have risen 6.5 times, earnings have quintupled, pensions have quadrupled and targeted State social assistance has markedly increased.
A number of representatives praised continuing efforts to enhance synergies between multilateral environmental agreements, citing in particular the work being undertaken in the chemicals cluster.
(20) Notwithstanding the explanation provided by the State that no ethnic group is considered as a minority, the Committee emphasizes the need in a multi-ethnic society to recognize and promote the rights of ethnic groups of smaller size, including the need to protect their existence and their identity so as to prevent forced assimilation and loss of cultures, as well as to ensure that their concerns are taken into consideration in public policies (arts. 5, 2 and 1).
future should be directed towards substantive recommendations on sustainable urbanization and protecting urban areas from terrorism and dangerous natural and man-made phenomena.
As many as twenty people were killed in the accident yesterday.
The brook was alive with various kinds of fish.
Security measures
Does your new job come with a bigger salary?
133. Under article 1158 of the Code, property acquired by the spouses in the course of their marriage is their joint property unless their marriage contract stipulates otherwise.
The following 41 States members of the Governing Council were represented: Argentina, Armenia, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Chile, China, Czech Republic, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Kenya, Netherlands, Norway, Pakistan, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, United States of America, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Charente communes
Speeches No one may address the Review Conference without having previously obtained the permission of the President.
A material that behaves as both a fluid and an elastic solid.
8. Invites Governments, civil society and the private sector to contribute to the voluntary fund established by the General Assembly to support the participation of non-governmental organizations and experts from developing countries, in particular from least developed countries, in the work of the Ad Hoc Committee;
Goal 10.
371. The Heads of State or Government welcomed the opening for signature of the Convention against Transnational Organised Crime and its additional Protocols to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children; and against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Air and Sea.
The Special Rapporteur, therefore, welcomes the General Assembly's initiative relating to effective application of the Fourth Geneva Convention and looks forward to the follow-up pledged by the High Contracting Parties at their conference on 15 July 1999.
It can be said if the marketization of interest rates come true, bank's magic weapon for genuine competition in interest rates means will not be the interest at all.
Parliaments have an important role to play in addressing both those needs.
7. Members to declare interests
I am pleased to inform the Assembly that my Government, as host country, has taken the steps necessary to proceed with the establishment of that Centre in the next few months, as it is convinced of the scientific contribution that such a United Nations-sponsored instrument can make to humankind.
Transparent reporting of transactions, prices and other market information, made available to all market participants
They're usually a hard working group, but once in a while they get a little lazy.
Nevertheless, as their role as implementing partners, clients, advocates or funding sources for United Nations programmes increases, the need arises to provide flexible but clear guidelines to those United Nations officials dealing with NGOs.
Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie
Participation of other bodies or agencies
Is it 'cause I'm jewish?
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1367
Safety controls on ingredients are being assessed to ensure that pharmaceuticals, food products and personal care items meet the required quality standards in order to avoid future incidents.
and his associates were no. in disgrace, but there had been no. report of the matter in the Press or on the telescreen.
A sick man whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents, he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son, a spoiled playboy, to handle.
Photons come out in blobs.
He took note of the observations made regarding United Nations system-wide coherence.
Under subprogramme 5, her delegation was concerned at the low level of resources allocated for activities related to the least developed, landlocked and island developing countries.
Don't only limited your studyin classroom.
On a chilly winter afternoon on Wednesday, Zhang Yumin begins her regular house visits to her patients.
Note by the Secretary-General
2.5.1 The policy of the Government of Swaziland on the need for the promotion of gender equality and the elimination of discrimination against women is embodied in the country being a party to a number of international and regional instruments.
The Committee wishes to draw the attention of the State party to the particular importance of the recommendations contained in paragraphs 6, 10 and 16 above, and requests the State party to provide detailed information in its next periodic report on concrete measures taken to implement those recommendations.
 Optional jurisdiction had been combined with "inherent" jurisdiction and, at the same time, the court would continue to have jurisdiction over crimes referred to it by the Security Council.
22. The Rio Group agreed with some of the ideas contained in the revised working paper submitted by the Russian Federation (A/AC.182/L.100/Rev.1), in particular the idea that sanctions were an extreme measure which must have clearly defined purposes and a time frame, be applied in strict conformity with the provisions of the Charter and, once implemented, must be subject to regular review.
With these measures and growing mobile usage, tariffs fell sharply, and India probably has the lowest tariffs in the world.
There were few passengers, who escaped without serious injury.
Strong determination to succeed 17.
Patch quietly rested his forelegs on the arm of Santa's chair, but Alyssa Savonen's other dog, Annabelle, couldn't resist licking Leverette's face until Savonen warned her, Do you want a spanking
Stereotypes and harmful practices
68. Inter-governmental Consensus Building: Given the potential for debate on its neutrality and transparency, the evaluation recommends appropriate and due consultation of beneficiaries in the selection of themes; and, documenting the process used in selection, review and clearance of the annual reports.
The first results to be counted were for Kenya’s parliament, with Kibaki’s government ministers roundly defeated in their local constituencies.
Tetricus I
Well, you must allow me to leap over some three years; during that space Mrs. Earnshaw - ' 'No, no, I'll allow nothing of the sort!
Let me show you. First you soak it, then add some detergent.
There were more females in Albanian Parliament in 1996 compared to their current presence.
Despite all the challenges, Germany was making a concerted effort to achieve its goals and the Committee's proposals and recommendations would provide valuable input for future policies.
(c) Support to further development of the DESELAC information network (TPN 3). This will help the expansion of the network to cover the entire region (US$ 100,000);
I got flu and was out of commission for a week.
(a) Acquisition of prefabricated facilities, accommodation and refrigeration equipment, covering replacement of air conditioners, various accommodation equipment and refrigerators owing to normal wear and tear ($91,100);
Proposals for action: IPF in E/CN.17/1997/12
Furthermore, the conditions necessary for the safe and sustainable return of those newly displaced, as well as those displaced for a number of years, need to be put in place.
In defining this vision, Member States should apply a holistic, participatory and transparent approach to security sector reform, based on an inclusive dialogue process among and between authorities at various levels, from all branches of government and security sector institutions, national human rights institutions, civil society, especially women's groups and child protection advocates, and other nonState actors, while continuing to reflect and reinforce the host Government's primary role.
There are some arguments against the possibility of life on this planet .
Consequently, prosecutors had to be enabled to cooperate with their peers in a more agile and effective manner.
 Furthermore, other forms of internal population movements, such as rural-to-rural and urban-to-urban migration, are also increasing in some parts of the world.
See also the reports on the right to development of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (E/CN.4/1999/19) and of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/1999/20); the report of the High Commissioner for Human Rights on “Vienna+5” (A/53/372); the resolutions on the right to development adopted by the General Assembly (resolution 53/155) and the Commission on Human Rights (resolution 1999/79) and the Commission resolution on the right to democracy (resolution 1999/57).
Home quilt and clothes are all burned, the furniture also destroyed by fire, and present had never inflicted to have somewhere to stay.
Taking due account of the multitude of approaches followed in different countries and even within individual countries, UNDCP will identify, strengthen, monitor and evaluate a small number of programmes for demand reduction to serve as demonstration or model programmes.
Minor maintenance
A procedural manual had been developed to guide the police and the medical community in addressing cases of domestic violence.
The reason for the underfunding is obvious.
In general, the applicationor misapplicationof science and technology in all fields is certain to affect the structure of society as a whole.64
ECE will organize the fifth annual work session on GIS at Brighton, United Kingdom, from 22 to 25 September 1997.
 Step 4. Calculate taxes payable to arrive at net remuneration;
Now, where would you get an idea like that?
 Rather, they recycle old language and ideas which have hindered, rather than helped, efforts to bring about peace in our region.
2. The situation concerning Iraq.
Would you care to go on a tour up to Niagara Falls?
as if He talks a lot as if he knows everything.
If that looks too barren for your style, you could drape vintage handkerchiefs to give it added flair.
Andrei Sannikov, national of Belarus, is a politician and activist.
33. Progress was made in restoring State authority throughout the country.
Improving the health condition of Roma women through targeted prevention programs
It must be noted that the concerns set out below are not universally held, nor are they intended to apply to all advisers:
General information
Name of principal reporting official
The application of discrete and continuous wavelet transform to gear vibration signal feature extraction and fault diagnosis is investigated.
Current position(s)
There were weaknesses in the performance of inventory count procedures and the identification and disposal of obsolete assets at country offices and headquarters.
Decision on admissibility and examination of the merits
(UNA017-02012) Office of Strategic Planning and Programme Management
Santa Cruz de Monte Castelo
Now, Shepard has decided, as you told me before I'll think about it more. I'm not sure what I want.
They have also undermined peace initiatives, increased human rights abuses, hampered development and, perhaps more worrisome, fostered a culture of organized crime and violence.
One of our common goals, then, must be to enable those risk-takers who have the courage to defy conventional wisdom and forge new paths to peace.
Accordingly, as set forth in table 9 below, it is recommended that the award amount for this claim be increased to accord with the "C" Panel's decisions.
(Saint Lucia)
1. This report is submitted pursuant to the revised guidelines regarding the form and content of reports to be submitted by States Parties under articles 16 and 17 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (E/C.12/1991/1).
Protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism (E/2005/23 and Corr.1 and E/2005/L.34 and Corr.1)
The players all feel very tired,because the tight timeable
General Assembly resolutions 62/132 and 63/184 provide further thematic guidance to the Special Rapporteur.
Beyond China, Chinalco sees a diversification of its assets as the main benefit of the deal.
In such contexts, social protection and security must include not only elements of "protection", such as preventing a decline in living standards, but also of "promotion", including enhancing average living conditions and dealing with persistent deprivation.
At its 6th meeting, the Preparatory Committee considered the following texts of the Chairman's working draft of the final document of the special session:
:: improving the structures enabling early and adequate referral of people with sexual disorders;
"For I will die in this land, I shall not cross the Jordan, but you shall cross and take possession of this good land
The latter advised that, immediately after the audit, the High Commissioner had instructed that all contributions should be deposited into the account of the Office at Geneva, from which transfers would be made to UNOPS.
Canada introduced its national plan of action on sharks in March of this year.
In addition, they were also deeply concerned that FDI flows to Africa still account for a mere 2% of the total FDI flows to developing countries, and that its share in global trade accounts for less than 1%.
In April 2003, the African Union authorized the deployment of the African Mission in Burundi to assist in the implementation of the ceasefire.
Like-minded donors should assess national aid effectiveness progress not just by their own performance but also by the progress of mutual accountability among members of the wider donor group.
In conclusion we must lay emphasis on this problem and make our maximum contribution to help them spend their first day on campus smoothly.108
She suggested that the political commitment that existed at the higher political level was perhaps sometimes lost at the lower level, where programme implementation was to be realized.
Many of these factors demean and diminish the dignity of women and girls, leaving them exposed to an increased risk of violence against them.
Arrogant unilateral and militaristic
Forthcoming informal meetings on draft proposals convened by delegations
At the same time, I would like to convey, on behalf of the Conference on Disarmament, our condolences to the families of the victims and the Governments of Pakistan and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
And Get Out, Get Out, Alive. . . Get Out, Get Out, Alive. . . You Wont Find Any Comfort Here.
My Special Representative has brought these matters to the attention of the Interim Joint Administration at the highest level as a matter of urgency, and the two Co-Presidents have agreed to cooperate closely with UNTAC in preventing and punishing such crimes.
Academician of China Engineering Academy , Researcher, PhD Tutor, national expert with outstanding contribution soil engineering expert.
62. Interactions between humans and the natural environment such as over-grazing have brought about remarkable changes over the years, leading to drought and desertification and increasing climate variability.
An on-going consultation process with civil society specifically on the implementation of the UPR recommendations (Recommendation 44) has not yet been established.
Where the application was filed directly to the independent body, the appeal of the decision of the independent body may be filed to any appeal authority within that body, if such option exists, or to the court.
The Working Group proceeded to consider the question as to whether there should be mandatory provisions of the draft convention from which derogation should never be allowed, and if so, what were they.
The panoply of national and international human rights norms and standards should not be disregarded when addressing this issue.
(a) Providing technical and substantive support to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, the United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly;
(c) Review of the contribution of existing national and regional centres of excellence, and the contribution that they can make to building capacity within and outside their regions, including recommendations of potential mechanisms for developing this further;
The commitment has also included a pledge to increase public awareness of their rights and needs and to ensure that persons with disabilities are treated as equal citizens.
We should be about to preparatory work as soon as we win the bid
Members of permanent missions, Secretary staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Chain of custody
146. The Expert Working Group on Childcare was established in July 1997, as agreed in Partnership 2000 the Programme for Inclusion, Employment and Competitiveness.
3.3.1.1 The right to form and join trade unions
The messenger asked him what he was doing up there. "I am tending my donkeys and pigs
2. Mr. Norman (Canada), speaking also on behalf of Australia and New Zealand, said that the three countries had been long-standing advocates for a fair and effective system of internal justice at the United Nations, and called on Member States to ensure that the system remained independent, transparent and professional.
Matching relation about the number of wire per slot of two windings is deduced and powers of two windings are calculated by utilizing conservation of energy principle.
However, they also perform some limited liaison activities with respect to host countries according to local circumstances.
81. At the same time, one of the most effective ways to protect children from the many dangers threatening them in various societies was to reinforce the institution of the family as the basic unit of society and strengthen family ties.
Jules Verne laid the foundation of modern science fiction.
In their responses on action taken, Member States indicated having taken measures against their personnel that included arrest pending further court martial procedures, reduction in rank and dismissal from service, fines, extra duty and reduction in rank, as well as imprisonment.
Think, he said, what I've given up.
The syllabus is based on a thematic approach.
Chocs are one of the most traditional Valentine's presents you can get and are still a favourite.
Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions: Ms. McLurg
(a) The current realities in the aftermath of slavery and colonialism, including the legal implications of the slave trade and the conditions of persons of African descent in the Americas;
36. There is a striking sex difference with regard to sterilization.
The Swiss Government has purchased a vehicle that allows the Rwandan Association for the Defence of Human Rights and Freedoms to conduct urgent interventions.
The respondent refused payment owing to the poor quality of the goods.
The Rotterdam Convention secretariat, in association with the secretariat of the Asia and Pacific Plant Protection Commission, has made arrangements so that the status of implementation of the Rotterdam Convention and opportunities for possible regional work on the Convention will be considered at the biennial meeting of the Commission in September 2005.
Balance community and hospital based resources; and
In 1997, the International Guidelines on HIV/AIDS and Human Rights presented a framework for promoting the rights of persons living with HIV and AIDS.
Draft article 26 shifted the balance in favour of the interests of the shipper.
16. The second component of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the secretariat of the Task Force, which is based in Geneva.
The third global cooperation framework was managed by the Bureau for Development Policy (BDP) between 2005 and 2007.
The children were subsequently separated from the adults, which would have reduced the number of ex-combatants to 1,323,[18] not including “Gen.” Sultani Makenga and “Col.” Innocent Kaina.
Austria has been one of the few countries to contribute regularly to this Programme, and we intend to continue our support.
29. On the dust jacket of this fine book, Stephen Jay Gould says: "This book stands for reason itself
 In accordance with the Conference recommendations, the Commission needs to take a central role in monitoring and reviewing implementation of the Programme of Action.
International instrument to enable States to identify and trace, in a timely and reliable manner, illicit small arms and light weapons
mindbe out of...be out of one's mindYou're out of your mind.31.I wouldn't look at it like that
"I as the object by the excitement of the shape-stabilized to accept the appearance" of the ability (sensitivity), known as emotional.
But the revived inter-war gold standard ultimately fell apart, in no small part because it was impossible to rebuild public trust.
In Zambia, at the policy level, strategic plans have already been drawn up and are in the process of being implemented.
I still believe that the government should nationalize Fannie and Freddie and have them buy 30-year mortgages with 4% rates.
""She is a teacher.
2 August 1988
The children were dressing in the lobby , superintended by Mrs. Moffatt.
Of these, one state has completed all internal steps and is preparing to deposit its instrument of accession, seven states are reported to be well advanced in the ratification process, and a further four are reported to have begun the process.
Why don't you practice your English pronounciation?
There could be few more efficient ways of getting the world's attention for what China has achieved in recent years.
unobserver@iom.int
The National Council for Cooperation with the ICTY has published several publications on the following topics: basic legal acts that regulate the ICTY activities; cooperation of the states with the ICTY; and the war crimes trials in the region.
That means that buyers are more likely to find the exact house they want, and so are willing to pay more; with prices higher, more sellers are attracted into the summer market, and fewer will contemplate selling in the winter.
The Advisory Committee is disappointed at this recent negative trend and underlines the imperative of ensuring the full utilization of conference-servicing resources.
2.2 With regard to his arrest, the author states that he was taken to Interpol by agents of the SIC-P (security police) and that a representative of CEDHU visited him at the police station and saw the traces of beatings on his back, arm and stomach.
Use detention, including police custody (garde à vue) and pre-trial detention as a measure of last resort and for the shortest possible period of time;
The President pledged his support for the 30 per cent quota legislation for women and declared that 8 March, International Women's Day, will be a national holiday.
Paragraph 3
From February to May 2013, however, miners on Idjwi island in Lake Kivu produced 491 tons of tungsten, which was later purchased and stored by local traders.
3.All the goods are sold without discount in that shop.
Sixty-first session
In order to curtail excessive motions, the Chambers might:
The General Assembly’s attention was drawn to document A/INF/53/3/Add.3 which contains a tentative programme of work and schedule of plenary meetings from 10 November to 10 December 1998.
:: Refrain from supplying or acquiring arms and ammunition.
On 5 July 2006, the Committee declared the communication admissible.
Oh. i can't believe i'm kissing you.
This policy is being continually strengthened through efforts which include the formulation of a draft National Plan of Action on the Elimination of Violence against Children.
(f) Letter dated 15 October 1999 from the Permanent Representative of South Africa to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General transmitting the communiqué of the meeting of Ministers for Foreign Affairs and Heads of Delegation of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, held in New York on 23 September 1999 (A/54/469-S/1999/1063);
Cluster munition remnants
The implementation of these measures is monitored by a working group.
Our attention should be focused on vulnerable populations and in particular on children and pregnant women, on whom the continent's future depends.
Kirchhoff
3.2. Successes and good practices
Assessments of Nepal and Somalia led to the development of cogent plans for United Nations assistance, including capacity development for eventual handover.
Where a standard application is required, the administrative organ shall provide the applicants with standard administrative license application.
V. Rationale for seamount selection parameters
Company has strong technical strength with strong new product research and development capability and perfect testing method.
Young cancer patient with vomiting and severe headaches.
The tasks will include the design and implementation of an online information data-collection system to be used on a World Wide Web in conjunction with the development of the International Drug Abuse Assessment System database.
Situation of and assistance to Palestinian women
We therefore reemphasize the need to recognize subnational levels of government as the closest public authority to people and to empower them to function as effective conduits between people and Government.
In 1999: annual meeting of United Nations auditors at Paris
G. Within the Department, opportunities for collaboration and complementarities have not been sufficiently utilized
Report of the Secretary-General (A/57/761)
It is stupid to make the same mistake twice.
The simplest reactions start with just one substance and take one step.
Furthermore, the Council noted with serious concern that the report of 27 February of the Director General of IAEA (GOV/2006/15) listed a number of outstanding issues, including topics which could have a military nuclear dimension, and that the Agency was unable to conclude that there were no undeclared nuclear materials or activities in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The consideration and approval of project proposals for support with resources from the Adaptation Fund, prepared by eligible Parties, to undertake concrete adaptation activities.
Service management and administration capacity was strengthened to include the cost recovery function.
First report of the Credentials Committee
Extradition (art. 44)
An individual crystal in a polycrystalline metal or ceramic.
In the beginning everything was wonderful and beautiful. But the effects of Earth's atmosphere took hold, and one morning everyone woke up with a peculiar kind of amnesia, selective amnesia
241. In order to implement the policy aimed at fostering cultural life in Kyrgyzstan, the country has cultural, scientific and tourist centres, such as: the Sulaiman Too historico—cultural and natural site; the Uzgen archaeological and architectural site; the Shakh—Fazil archaeological and cultural site; the Burana archaeological and architectural site; the Issyk—Kul state historico—cultural museum reserve; the Gumbez Manasa Kyrgyz national historico—cultural museum site; and the Osh oblast historico—cultural and natural museum reserve, as well as 28 parks of culture and rest, 32 museums, 992 libraries and 511 clubs.
19. In paragraph 34, the Administration agreed with the Board's recommendation that it, in collaboration with the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, rigorously review its accounting treatment for recording expenditures via executing agencies and make any necessary changes of accounting policy no later than 2014.
The prospects of such follow-up in Haiti will be delayed, due to recent tragic consequences of the earthquake in early January 2010.
None of these recommendations were incorporated into the relevant legislation.
Midazolam
Channel
She needed both advantages, for the marks of griping fingers were deep in her face, and her hair was torn, and her dress (hastily composed with unsteady hands) was clutched and dragged a hundred ways
"There is a demand for whisky, but I think you and I do   not care to sell it.
The Board is also asked to consider the potential for co-financing arrangements by donors who are interested in assisting the very poorest people through the already established UNDP structures and mechanisms for HDI project activities.
New York, 6-24 April 2015
One policeman was wounded in the explosions and extensive material damage was caused; yet, considering the institutions in which the devices had been planted, it is evident that the intention was to cause massive casualties.
We haven't seen each other for 2months!
An unknown number of leafs are dancing in the breeze.
Uruguay reiterated its concern about the need to find a speedy way to alleviate the suffering of children affected by armed conflict and underscored the important work carried out by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict.
4. Urges the Government of Sudan and the Government of South Sudan to make use of the Joint Political and Security Mechanism to resolve outstanding issues related to finalization of the Safe Demilitarized Border Zone, the resolution of disputed border areas, border demarcation, and the mapping of the border zone;
(b) A minimum of one scholarship in both 2000 and 2001 under the Hamilton Shirley Amerasinghe Memorial Fellowship on the Law of the Sea, subject to the availability of new voluntary contributions made specifically to the fellowship fund;
In the end, we analyze the military application foreground of this model analysis method in brief.
How you respond can make or break a sale.
As a consequence, after the war Japan lost Britain's confidence, which eventually resulted in the end of the Anglo-Japanese Alliance.
Total, part XI
The Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 was carrying out an important task in elaborating international conventions against terrorism and filling the gaps in international law.
12. UNICEF's formal relations with NGOs stem from Article 71 of the Charter of the United Nations, which recognizes the importance of advisory and consultative relations with appropriate international and national NGOs to the United Nations and its specialized agencies.
On the basis of one of them conducted in 2003: Strengthening of equal opportunities, reconciliation of work and family life, it was suggested that the inspection in this area be conducted continuously during a longer time span, particularly as regards women and men employees expected to return from maternity leave and persons applying for work in pre-contractual arrangements.
Amputation and corporal punishment, which are justified by the authorities as Islamic punishments, also remain a serious cause for concern.
Xiao Ming came up to help them. Then Xiao Ming talked with the foreigner about Beijing.
The rate for sub-Saharan Africa was close to the average rates for the least developed countries.
Yet that is the biggest risk of all for global policy.
Sixty-nine per cent of field operations have indicated that the guidance materials are very adequate or adequate in terms of both quality and coverage.
In both sectors, there is a large potential for increased efficiency in use, as well as reductions in pollution.
Preparations of a successor agreement to the International Agreement on Jute and Jute Products, 1989 33-35
The Government has taken initiatives in order to combat this problem. These include; legislative and policy measures, awareness campaigns and implementation of the 2025 Time Bound Programme on the elimination of child labour which established the Labour Committees at both District and Regional levels.
Mexico
Lanzhou beef lamian
Cyprus made a recommendation.
UNFICYP continued to facilitate the functioning of the elementary and secondary Greek Cypriot schools in Rizokarpaso, on the Karpas peninsula, through assisting with delivery of school textbooks and the appointment of teachers.
Now what was being discussed was extending the right to participate in the referendum to anybody who had supposedly lived in the Territory for twelve months.
The nightmare vividly reflects the anxiety felt by many Tibetans, both inside and outside China.
But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and even made his son pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the nations whom the Lord had driven out from before the sons of Israel.
The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/56 of 27 April 1999, endorses the Commission's decisions:
The Four Great Inventions!
The United Nations is therefore paying special attention to matters related to finance and development.
Amanda: I didn't know you were such a poetry lover, Mike.
5. Urges the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session and to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-third session on the implementation of the present resolution, including measures adopted and their results, and recommendations for improving the present situation;
A complainant retains the right to appeal a decision of the military prosecution.
Japanese foreign ministry spokesman had no comment about the Cove winning an Oscar.
The oil-water contact is not always a flat horizontal surface, but instead might be tilted or irregular.
277. Between 2002 and 2008, courts nationwide heard a total of 6,466 cases involving the production, copying, publication, sale and dissemination of obscene articles and audiovisual products.
Concerned also at reports of detainees who are being held for political reasons by rival groups, in particular in prisons run by political parties,
The uniformity of propeller wake has close relationship to noise and vibration problems at ship stern.
AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13
In this regard, the Committee recommends that the State party enact the planned anti-discrimination act as soon as possible in accordance with articles 1 and 4 of the Convention.
cost estimates
6.He had words with her.() . Have a word with sb.have words with sb.|  |  |  |  |  |  |
To improve our efficiency and effectiveness in enforcement, we have introduced in 1999 at our Local Control Offices, integrated enforcement teams with staff members trained to deal with all types of pollution control in a single site visit. This has also resulted in a more customer-oriented service.
468. Member States have made progress in amending laws in three areas.
Compilation of comments
Article 144. Customs security tools and their application.
11. A spectral library was also established using the main land cover components of the relief on the topographical map.
Siege of Takamatsu
14. Calls upon States Members of the United Nations, in the framework of international cooperation, relevant United Nations agencies and international financial institutions to provide Côte d'Ivoire, upon its request, with appropriate technical assistance and capacity-building in order to:
"Thank you, sir.And God bless you," the grateful child said to him.
She trusts Scott and Lydia and Jackson, and in a way they're all going to betray her.
The European Union provides an example of deeper integration.
United Nations-pooled funding mechanism
What reasons did Kare Marsh give for wanting to retire?
The introduction to the report was prepared by the delegation of Germany, which held the presidency in July.
Informational services depend on infrastructural services for the storage, distribution and calculation of data.
It succeeded in reducing the drop-out rate from public schools (basic and intermediate education) by two points, from 8 per cent in 2002 to 6 per cent at the end of 2005.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 31 March, the Council/Forum adopted the following four decisions on the basis of drafts approved and submitted by the Committee of the Whole, the texts of which are contained in annex I to the present proceedings:
Article 25. ... In case of urgent necessity, the Attorney-General of the Republic may order the freezing of the bank accounts of accused persons, as well as of the funds, rights and property under investigation, in the crimes covered by this Act ...".
Again, he claims that he "was the subject of different repressions and discriminations", including being denied the constitutional right to a lawyer defending him before the High Judicial Council.
IWRM plans contain practical guidance on cross-sectoral integration of relevant institutions within the context of national and sectoral development plans and goals.
I think it is still unclear whether black holes play any role in the formation of the first galaxies.
3. Pursuant to paragraph 9 (e) of Security Council resolution 748 (1992) of 31 March 1992, and at the suggestion of the United Nations resident coordinator in Tripoli, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Committee, at its 13th meeting on 14 October 1992, approved special arrangements for emergency medical evacuation by air (MEDEVAC) from the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya.
 11. The analysis of the above-mentioned structural characteristics highlights the importance of adopting a series of measures against organized crime, both in the area of substantial and procedural penal law and in the area of international cooperation.
 Endorsing the Secretary-General's view, shared by the Governments of Uganda and Rwanda, that UNOMUR has been a factor of stability in the area and that it is playing a useful role as a confidence-building mechanism,
  Article 17 If violations of these Provisions constitute crimes, the judicial organs shall investigate the criminal responsibilities according to law.
As part of its responsibilities under article 12, paragraph 1, of its statute, the International Civil Service Commission conducted the survey of best prevailing conditions of employment for General Service staff in Rome and recommended the resulting salary scale to the executive heads of the Rome-based organizations, as shown in annex X.
Industrial Development Board
The penalties determined by Belgium are set out in the corresponding paragraphs.
It was proposed to allocate an amount of $900,000 from the uncommitted balance of the construction-in-progress account and to meet the remaining costs of $1.2 million by using the contingency fund.
In this document, regional policy is understood as a planning activity by the State, regional and local authorities, whose aim is to contribute to balanced and harmonic development of the various regions of the CR, to decrease differences between the level of development in individual regions, and to improve the regional economic structure.
But while I could see Trump, a real-estate magnate, supporting a massive housing program (with most of the benefits going to developers like himself), his promised repeal of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) would leave millions of Americans without health insurance.
 Although the changes in individual cells are stochastic, the changes in a large number of cells result in a deterministic outcome.
The delegation of Ecuador offers you maximum cooperation in your delicate and important responsibilities.
In that connection, she emphasized that replacing fuel subsidies with better targeted safety nets would help the poor and generate enormous cost savings for Governments.
Products sold and abroad, such as the United States, Europe and Southeast Asia.
OF RATIFICATION OR ACCESSION, THAT THEY DO NOT RECOGNIZE THE COMPETENCE OF THE COMMITTEE
So David sent ten young men; and David said to the young men, "Go up to Carmel, visit Nabal and greet him in my name;
That sentiment – a product of slow economic recovery, ever-widening wealth and income inequality, and a racially infused sense of insecurity (particularly among white men) – makes for volatile politics.
Government delegation for a welcoming ceremony by Chief Executive Donald Tsang presented to the athletes like recognition.
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by Heads of State and Government on 8 September 2000, the 2005 World Summit Outcome adopted on 16 September 2005 and its resolution 60/265 of 30 June 2006 on the follow-up to the development outcome of the 2005 World Summit, including the Millennium Development Goals, and the other internationally agreed development goals,
However, in view of the evident race against time for the elections of October 2005 and given the enormity of the tasks to be accomplished, we can only emphasize the necessity for effective solutions to be found to ensure that the elections hold as scheduled.
The Alliance of Civilizations initiative has been well received.
Samsung could have a monopoly on these amazing screens for up to a year or more.
General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs
Based on the experience of other treaty bodies, it is estimated that secretariat preparation for the examination of a State party report will require an average of 18 working days per report.
Billboard
120. Most discrimination cases concern gender discrimination.
Thomas! Get up! Get up, man! Get up!
The Peacebuilding Commission is about to complete its first year of work.
The General Assembly may therefore wish to consider not applying the term "complement" to extrabudgetary-funded programmes.
Thus, we were able to achieve a dramatic poverty reduction, from 49 per cent in 2003 to 11 per cent in 2009.
International Centre for Research on Women (ICRW)
 It cannot be denied that we are currently witnessing an escalation in both national and international violence.
No discussion on such motions shall be permitted and they shall, subject to rule 28, be immediately put to the vote.
So  far as ability is concerned, Tom is the right person for the job.
Internet-based technologies are driving the need for new measures related to privacy protection involving the use of information for other purposes or the delivery of information to third parties.
Merry Christmas, and remember, Jesus loves you!! :) I believe in the existence of Jesus, his everything
For criminal cases, the courts at various levels can competently deal with them.
2013 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
Tel.: +495 663 0208
They also have an impact on the countries of origin, which lose their most skilled human resources, whose training puts enormous economic strain on developing countries.
It represents a challenge altogether beyond the grasp of Sir Alan's hapless apprentices.
Public statement by the Chairman of the Working Group
Capsicum oleoresin was used as the raw material to explore the effect of condensation, saponification and crystallization on the purity and extraction rate of capsaicinoids.
 17. It was, however, important to guard against attempts to conceal political designs behind a consideration of technical issues.
The Court thus rejected the respondent's application to set aside the award under legislation other than the MAL and the IAA.
5. Right to family life
The people of Western Sahara must be allowed to freely decide their own future.
On the trip Mrs Clinton brought her special envoy on climate change Stern.
In order to boost the development of students and accelerate the scientific curriculum innovation, the public must establish the adaptive assessment system.
On June 5, Eisenhower came to the barracks of the 101 st Airborne Division.
Through an intermediary at that time, he asked me whether he could get American protection while the ship was at sea.
Based on Li Hongjie's studies, the micro, macro residual thermal stresses and the plies 's thermal stresses were successfully measured by using THE BARE WIRE STRAINOMETER.
Human rights and extreme poverty (E/2002/23)
19. Information: Given that Governments regulate and broadly influence information diffusion, a number of measures may be useful in expanding knowledge of the cooperative movement and overcoming prejudices and misconceptions: extension of technical and financial assistance to an extent equal to that made available to other stakeholders; ensuring that no discrimination exists because of the distinctive nature of cooperatives; equal and non-discriminatory access by the cooperative movement to all public media commensurate with its contribution to national life; use of affirmative action to overcome prejudice and misinformation where the term cooperative is associated with a previous and inappropriate usage; diffusion through public media of material on intergovernmental activities undertaken in partnership with or in support of cooperatives; dissemination of printed and computer-based information prepared by governmental or intergovernmental bodies with the same priority and resources as allocated to information on other stakeholders.
The accused felt her presence behind him, so he suddenly shut the door and turned towards her.
Angola
At the same time, endeavours to counter other threats to peace and security, such as drug trafficking should remain a high priority.
The agriculture has thus far been the engine of the Ethiopian economy.
The FTC could enter into partnerships to invite instructors from abroad to give lectures at the University and could organize conferences for targeted audiences.
The Unit comprises two Security Officers (Field Service);
A truly comprehensive and lasting peace in the Middle East requires a solution not only to the conflict between Israel and Palestine, but also on the Israel-Lebanon and Israel-Syria tracks.
' After visiting Sichuan, Mr. Miyamoto said, he is confident China will enforce best practices in rebuilding structures like schools despite the higher construction costs involved.
38. The peaceful use of nuclear energy, the third pillar of the Treaty, was as important as non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
Thus, opportunities for volunteers without specific training continue to shrink in some areas as the degree of professionalism required continues to rise.
I believe heart. Death is the only happy ending.
It requested that the Committee consider the use of the weighted average rate, as reflected in official IMF publications, to convert its GNP figures into United States dollars.
The light of the flames fell directly on the face and breast of the Snow Man with a ruddy gleam.
Melina Mercouri
23 June 1993a
72. Several delegations noted that the negotiations were the cause of practical concerns that could diminish the universality of any agreement reached.
We are also pleased that the draft resolution on oceans notes with appreciation the hundreds of millions of dollars in funding recently set aside by the Global Environment Facility for projects related to oceans and marine biodiversity.
Comparable figures for a man were 31 minutes and five hours and 36 minutes, respectively.
6. This note reports on latest developments, both within the GEF Council, and as an outcome of the Second GEF Assembly, in response to the above decisions.
7. At the 19th meeting, on 23 March 2005, the Commission elected by acclamation Mr. Volodymyr Vassylenko (Ukraine) as new ViceChairperson to succeed Mr. Anatoliy Zlenko.
It was whispered, by those who peered after her, that the scarlet letter threw a lurid gleam along the dark passage-way of the interior
No. No need to apologize.
Assistance with marriage expenses.
Outcome of the universal periodic review: Sao Tome and Principe
Weight: eight pounds six ounces.
Governments should also promote an Internet-literate and digitized society.
Nutrition experts often use this saying to promote better eating habits. What we put in our mouths does become a part of us.
87. The bans or restrictions on the construction, use or display of religious symbols raise several issues in terms of human rights.
Delegations are urged to contact the secretariat of the Sixth Committee (Ms. Marianne Sooksatan, tel. 1 (212) 963-5378; fax 1 (212) 963-1963) if they wish to be inscribed on the list.
139. Report on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Therefore, sharing a connection is determined by the access intents that are defined in the CMP methods.
Advisory services focusing on the needs of least developed countries and landlocked developing countries, were implemented in the following fields: impact assessment the rural development projects and assessment of the institutional aspect of Government poverty reduction strategies; community-based tsunami recovery; assistance to national planning commissions in decentralization; system development for creating self-employment opportunities and generating income in the country; to review methods for creating employment and generating income; system development for participatory planning, monitoring and evaluation (four countries); and participatory monitoring of the poverty reduction strategic papers.
That's because it's the venue for the annual convention of the Experimental Aircraft Association.
Has your sister got a foreign currency bank account?
Soon the lady fell in love, but it was a mismatched love.
This is true even if the problem has gone away by itself.
However, differences remain concerning the interpretation of the agreement, most notably on what constitutes a day-to-day matter, and the mechanism for resolving disagreements.
On average, the Secretariat produces 25 to 40 documents for a meeting of the Chemicals Review Committee.
It should:
Mention your ability to set priorities, identify problems, and use your experience and energy to solve them.5.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 58/281 of 9 February 2004, the Sixth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies was organized by the Government of Qatar, the host country, in cooperation with the United Nations.
Over 200 guest rooms with four - star standard service, arranged concentration to ensure comfort, noble living atmosphere.
He thanked the United States Mission for its efforts in addressing these and other problems.
No additional appropriation would therefore be requested as a result of the adoption of the resolution.
Objective: To observe whether combined general and epidural anesthesia can protect pulmonary function and reduce stress reaction during abdominal surgery in the aged.
The General Assembly proceeded to take decisions on the draft resolutions recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 11 of its report (A/52/602).
" said the collar.
(b) Secondly, the Meeting of Experts carried out an in-depth review of the draft Guide and amendments proposed led to substantial improvements.
Put the monitoring of project implementation progress indicators on a formal footing and keep a record of the checks
I now give the floor to His Excellency, Mr. Hassan Muhammad Lawal, Minister for Labour and Productivity of Nigeria.
52. In his delegation's view, the fact that access to the court was limited to the State party impeded the achievement of the objective of bringing those who committed international crimes to justice.
A line indicating the heights of high and low tide.
Will they do the housework?
When you move into a new house you really have to start paying out money.
8. Recommend the upgrading and/or provision of basic training and schooling for voluntary and unpaid work beyond the family context;
Ireland
(e) All member States are encouraged to respond as fully as possible to readership surveys.
Step 4: Obtain government endorsement of the national land policy framework with clear land reform outcomes linked into national development goals.
17-27 June
Our country has also adopted national development policies aimed at achieving justice and social security for its citizens.
Then they enjoyed the cheese.
56. The Chair said that the draft resolution had no programme budget implications.
30. Draft resolution A/C.5/59/L.76 was adopted.
Weekly humanitarian visits to Greek Cypriots in the Karpas area and to the Maronites in the north to monitor living conditions
Advocacy efforts also targeted member States to improve action and policy in the area of reproductive health, including MDG5 on maternal health and reproductive health in crisis settings.
Civil liability is the key form of legal responsibility of bankruptcy trustee.
The crowd flowed out of the stadium.
It appears that both sides to that conflict, namely the Serbian military, special police and police forces on the one hand, and the various factions making up what has become known as the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) on the other, are involved in the commission of such crimes.
1. In its resolution 52/187 of 18 December 1997, the General Assembly decided to convene the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) in 2001, with the following mandate:
On 15 June, the Financial Intelligence Centre was transitioned to a locally headed Financial Intelligence Unit.
Supply Section: addition of three international and four national staff
The Special Committee encourages the Secretary-General and relevant troop-contributing countries to take the necessary measures to include new provisions on conduct and discipline in all memoranda of understanding agreed between the United Nations and Member States, including those signed prior to the adoption by the General Assembly of the revised model memorandum of understanding, which will include the new provisions on conduct and discipline.
B It was good.
Audio-nohelp
Programmes to promote equal opportunities in employment
Noting with satisfaction the excellent work of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the completion of its Third Assessment Report, which contains the current state of knowledge on the issue of climate change and a basis for advancing international efforts to address the problems of climate change,
The discussion of such matters will likely figure prominently at the fourth and fifth sessions of the International Conference on Chemicals Management, to be held in 2015 and 2020, respectively.
However, there is inevitable relation between the two aspects, they restrict and influence each other.
 Annexes to this initiative were agreed upon in the course of lengthy discussions between the United States, the Arab parties and Israel.
Assessment of the activities of the Global Mechanism
The amendment also calls for the use of financing from other institutions, including carbon financing, for these activities.
Canada continues to encourage all states that have not yet done so to ratify the CTBT, particularly the states listed in Annex 2.
Taiga Machenjie, a former chairman of the Mount Elgon district section of the opposition party Forum for the Restoration of Democracy (FORD), was allegedly tortured in Kakamega, resulting in his urinating blood and losing his hearing.
LH surge occurs just before ovulation.
A report on the Secretariat's implementation of decision VI/40 is contained in the annex to the present note.
Recognizing that the justiciability of economic, social and cultural rights contributes to the effective implementation at the national level of human rights for all people, in particular the most vulnerable and disadvantaged groups,
States are responsible for the establishment and strengthening of national coordinating committees, or similar bodies, to serve as a national focal point on disability matters.
28. Mr. Badji (Senegal) said that as the Second International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism drew to a close, it was appropriate to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (resolution 1514 (XV)). It was regrettable that despite the many successes of the Organization's decolonization efforts, some colonial territories remained on which no agreement had been reached.
If this D.N.A. is a match with mine, know I will be back for my baby.
Investors in the fund, which is down about 15% this year, had put in redemption requests for more than 20% of their money as of the end of June.
The only time I need the server is when it comes time to merge and commit.
In that context, the question whether States were the only guardians of a treaty, or whether the depositary also had a role to play, should be answered.
To date, 42 women detainees have been trained, rooms to host training activities have been identified, equipment for capacity-building has been provided to the women prisons.
Conclusions Microsurgery through longitudinal fissure approach for A2 anterior cerebral artery aneurysms can get good results.
Its central leadership has little authority over the activities of its affiliates, all of which are currently preoccupied with local or regional issues rather than the pursuit of a global campaign.
Jacques Rogge, IOC head, had last month cited free internet access as an achievement of his 鈥渜uiet diplomacy鈥?with Beijing, but on Saturday merely said the committee required 鈥渢hat different media have the fullest access possible to report on the Olympic Games鈥?
Overview
This obligation implies the duty of the States Parties to organize the governmental apparatus and, in general, all the structures through which public power is exercised, so that they are capable of juridically ensuring the free and full enjoyment of human rights.
Satellites orbiting the earth can transmit voices and video instantaneously from one point to another.
Algeria renewed its appeal to the international community to continue to provide assistance to Sao Tome and Principe in accordance with the priorities identified by the country.
Cocharcas District
Particularly important in this regard are the 1996 Protocol to the Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter, 1972 (in force); the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001; and the International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships' Ballast Water and Sediments, 200419 (which are yet to enter into force) (see General Assembly resolution 61/222, paras. 50, 75, 76 and 81).
40. The co-moderator, Rachel Mayanja, Assistant Secretary-General and Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, made an introductory statement.
Political stability and communal peace are not necessarily the natural order of things for a small, multiracial and religious city-State like Singapore.
More immediately, the Great Depression and the subsequent compartmentalization of the world into economic blocs also worked to the advantage of the already powerful.
One group had lunch while sitting at a table decked out in white linens. The other ate while standing at a kitchen counter.
This means that if they are suspected of committing an offence, before judicial proceedings are initiated a special procedure must be followed in order to “strip” them of this immunity.
One of the debtors owed only $10, but the other was $79 in arrears and had left no forwarding address.
He had access to judicial review, as well as the right to make a humanitarian and compassionate application.
V. The role of UNCTAD
24. Most entities reported the use of results-based management frameworks to improve gender mainstreaming and narrow the gap between policy and practice.
12. On 14 March, approximately 150 Kosovo Serbs gathered in front of the courthouse in Mitrovica and some entered the courthouse yard, raising the Serbian flag at a window.
In this connection, the Austrian Government hosted and organized, together with the Department, a simulation of relief efforts after a major earthquake; the simulation was known as "Exercise '93".
That man who was here last night has stolen it.
A one-shot thing.
The Committee must be explicit in that regard when it considered the matter at the second part of the resumed sixty-first session.
Respond to and follow up sales enquiries bye-mail.
Pre-selection criteria
299. This view is absolutely breathtaking.
It is never too late to learn.
We also support the Maseru LDC Ministerial Declaration and urge the international community to address the needs of LDCs.
You can choose only in both of you said, but please don't in my face say only you know dumb fan.
The subject of this design is the number of cars turning on.
Landmark legislation established the annual target of $1.1 billion core resources for UNDP and introduced a multi-year results-based funding framework to increase predictability.
NPT/CONF.2005/PC.III/INF.4 List of participants
These partnerships are not intended to substitute to, but complement the intergovernmental commitments.
For the past two years, Pakistan has called attention to the need to construct a new consensus on nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
35. Pursuant to article 22, paragraph 2(d), of the Convention, the COP will review reports submitted by its subsidiary bodies and provide guidance to them.
He wheezed out a curse.
This paper presents a general form of the generalized parity-operators approach to failure detection and isolation.
Recalling its resolutions 1265 (1999), 1296 (2000), 1674 (2006), 1738 (2006) and 1894 (2009) on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, its resolutions 1325 (2000), 1820 (2008), 1888 (2009), 1889 (2009) and 1960 (2010) on women and peace and security, and its resolutions 1612 (2005), 1882 (2009) and 1998 (2011) on children and armed conflict, noting as well the report of the Secretary-General on children and armed conflict in Afghanistan (S/2012/261) and the conclusions of its working group on children and armed conflict (S/AC.51/2011/3),
(25) Which of the following is a characteristic of house mice?
13. Mr. Jakobsen (Denmark), speaking on behalf of the European Union and the associated countries Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Turkey, said he welcomed the change in status of UN-Habitat, which should enable it to play a more strategic role within the United Nations system.
He desired to be valued for himself, or for his work, which, after all, was an expression of himself.
And they wanted a different set of ideas to date.
The Campaign focuses on three key areas - prevention, treatment, and reintegration.
Unless such conditions are met, human rights field staff would not be able to become involved.
Implementation of the Special Initiative for the Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s
The importance of carotenoids to human health is increasingly attracting peoples attention. More and more carotenoid based functional foods are coming to markets.
If someone wanted to reach the river at this point, he had to past our camp.
Regional cooperation is being promoted in the areas of defence, security, border control, free markets, visa regimes, combating corruption and organized crime and the protection of ethnic and religious minorities.
Moving UX into a Position of Corporate Influence: Whose Advice ReallyWorks?
 The World Conference on Women, to be held in Beijing, will address the key question of how, in times of awesome change, men and women can work together for a peaceful world in which equality and harmony will be the norm and reality of life.
Near the lunchtime, my wife called her and accompanied her to wash the hands for lunch.
2.1. Retirement and survivorship pensions
3. Approves the following revisions of the general procedures governing the operations of the Fund of the United Nations Environment Programme:
Construction of garbage dump and disposal area
Euphorbia
God said to the dog, What you are supposed to do is to sit all day by the door of your house. Any people that come in, you will have to bark at them
Source of funds
4. Decides to include the corrigendum of the results matrix of the UNFPA biennial support budget, 2010-2011(DP/FPA/2009/10/Corr.1), in the biennial support budget.
The men and women agents of FOREM Council and of FOREM Training during this event supply all of the necessary expertise to anyone seeking employment or training -- especially, in view of the event itself, to women.
Another rule for a task's granularity is that it usually affects one or only a small number of work products.
For example, the Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking facilitated by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime continued to carry out activities to support States to combat trafficking, including by assisting them to implement the relevant conventions and protocols and the United Nations Global Plan of Action to Combat Trafficking in Persons.
All needed is that you learn from your experience.
Double - click the Employees table to open it in Datasheet view.
It had voluntarily placed all fissile material no longer required for defence purposes under international safeguards and remained committed to transparency with respect to fissile material.
The Board considers that such large timelags between operational closure and financial closure create a risk in control that expenditure may be improperly charged to operationally closed projects.
The Forum emphasized the strong links among sustainable forest management and transfer of technologies, capacity-building and institution-building, investment and financing from both public and private sources.
It also provides for the legal restriction imposed by article 258, single paragraph, subparagraph II, according to which the man over sixty years of age and the women over fifty who wish to enter into marriage must do so under the separate ownership of property system.
Centre for Social Research, through its long-standing and relentless work in India to further the social, economic and political empowerment of women, highlights the importance of taking affirmative steps, such as quotas, towards the inclusion of women in political processes and ensuring that the needs of both sexes are addressed.
Geological characteristics and genesis of Archean granite rocks in daba-jianshe area fuxin liaoning
Gathered intrusion information was analyzed to generate defended strategy and sent it to firewall to prevent to attack.
Date of submission: 14 June 2014
3.1 On 30 January 2009, the State party partially reiterates the facts presented by the complainant in her initial communication to the Committee.
7. The mandate of the Mission was established by the Security Council in its resolution 1542 (2004) and extended in subsequent resolutions of the Council.
Given their inexperience, they've done a good job.
The graphical contents of a marker symbol are rendered using the same methods as graphics elements.
Wake up, little bear.
Unpaid assessments were 7 per cent lower at $2,106 million and amounts due to Member States for troops and contingent-owned equipment were down to $748 million, a drop of 18 per cent from 2000.
While the format of the summary does not allow all the views expressed to be reflected in detail, an attempt is made to highlight some general conclusions which met with broad agreement among the participants, those which require more dialogue and better understanding, and specific initiatives suggested by participants.
His obese figure arrayed in costly apparel.
Sixth Committee
If people want to come to your house for a friendly visit, they will usually call first to make sure it is convenient.
Jessica wanted fine clothes, and Mrs. Hurstwood, not to be outshone by her daughter, also frequently enlivened her apparel
They ground this rock up for road building.
* The present document is a mimeographed version of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country, which will be issued as Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 26 (A/48/26).
However, a spouse who had not committed adultery (or could not be shown to have done so) could block a divorce indefinitely.
Addressing a terminal or a component on a selective calling circuit.
Subsequently, Chile, Israel and Moldova (Republic of) joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Other people argue that the examination score is still an important criterion in making a decision.
It was further stated that the deletion of paragraph (5) could give rise to an undesired interpretation of the Rules, as generally disallowing preliminary orders.
For example, UNESCO adopted the Universal Declaration on Cultural Diversity, which calls for, inter alia, the preservation of heritage in all its forms.
This approach validates the relevance of non-Western cultures and their respective knowledge systems holistically. At the same time, it recognizes the problem of its appropriation by Western scientists.
Hydropower is another option that may be considered on a regional basis.
It is inappropriate to assimilate maternity benefits to sickness benefits.
47. Non-proliferation/Democratic People's Republic of Korea (14 October 2006; 10 June 2011).
Wen pledged to help Pakistan overcome its economic problems and enhance its capacity of independent development by offering assistance.
Item 5 (c) of the provisional agenda*
20. Fifth, the absence of a rule allowing the claimant to take direct action against the carrier performing carriage by road or rail was problematic.
Considering its resolution 2602 C (XXIV) of 16 December 1969, in which the General Assembly requested the Conference of the Committee on Disarmament, inter alia, to consider effective methods of control against the use of radiological methods of warfare,
The beautiful couple announced in June they are amping up their firstborn, son Levi.
Do keep in mind that after each rainstorm comes the sunshine, so be an optimist.
It is a good place for the walk because of the open space and fresh air.
Moreover, your existence wastes translation time. This time could have been used for more meaningful matters.
(a) Arms transfers;
:: Use of the SDMX hub architecture for specific statistical domains or broader data sets (e.g. for the Principal Global Indicators or for the European Union population and housing census 2011)
51. The number of violations of the right to physical integrity, including abductions, recorded by UNAMID increased slightly from 42 incidents involving 113 victims in the preceding reporting period to 71 cases involving 164 victims in the current period.
With regard to the Association of Overseas Countries and Territories of the European Union, the Argentine Government has repeatedly rejected and protested against the participation in it of the illegitimate Malvinas "government", in the context of Argentina's rejection of the claim by the European Union that the Malvinas Islands, South Georgia Islands and South Sandwich Islands and the surrounding maritime areas, as well as the so-called "British Antarctic Territory", are countries and territories to which Part Four of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union is applicable, and has sent numerous notes of protest, dating from the signature of the Treaty concerning the accession of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the European Economic Community and to the European Atomic Energy Community in 1972 to the present day.
Accordingly, in addition to the general education provided for all, the Ministry of Education makes other types of education available to categories with special needs, such as:
1 January 2004
In his current report (A/64/380) the Secretary-General further emphasizes the role of ERP in facilitating and enabling administrative reforms.
Organizations established in 1949
You see a pirate don't have to do anything, Joe, when he's ashore, but a hermit he has to be praying considerable, and then he don't have any fun, anyway, all by himself that way. Oh yes, that's so, said Joe, but I hadn't thought much about it, you know.
So why the hype around Chollima?
We would like to encourage all States to do likewise.
The practical effect of the chamber system of voting is to promote decisions by consensus.
(8) Devices to regulate combustion for the above Subitems (4) to (7);
3. Each Party shall report to the Secretariat if at any time it determines that artisanal and small-scale gold mining and processing in its territory is more than insignificant.
7,402 staff members in 100 series
58. UNCTAD's technical assistance has largely been based on its mandate, and responding to needs expressed by beneficiaries, in conformance with the priorities set out under national development plans, focusing on institution building.
While there is a big disparity between the level of development of Finland and the Philippines, it expressed the hope to learn from Finland's experience and apply those best practices which are within the means and capability and suitable to the Philippines.
It was set off by an unidentified fisherman.
In dealing with the accreditation and participation of NGOs, and advising Convention bodies and their presiding officers on these matters, the secretariat has had to deal with a number of situations to which responses have been improvised but never codified.
On 26 January 1999, the Israeli Parliament, the Knesset, adopted a law that makes it more difficult for any Israeli Government to return occupied territories;
To that end, Canada continues to support efforts towards the negotiation of a comprehensive, legally binding arms trade treaty that would regulate the import, export and transfer of conventional arms, including small arms and light weapons.
The Committee draws the attention of the State party to its general comment No. 16 (2005) on the equal right of men and women and requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report statistical data on the participation of women in the workforce, disaggregated by age, wage, part-time/full-time work and national origin, as well as data on women's economic independence and participation in political life.
The Subcommittee noted that, since its inauguration in Nigeria in 1998 under the auspices of the National Space Research and Development Agency of Nigeria, the African Regional Centre for Space Science and Technology Education -- in English Language had organized 12 nine-month postgraduate courses: five in remote sensing and GIS, two in satellite meteorology and global climate, four in satellite communications and one in space and atmospheric science.
No word can be the disguise of base intentions.
At the heart of the approach used by academics such as Ms Kray is a belief that managers would be more effective if they understood and were able to apply some basic tools of social psychology.
Inequality has deepened.
Mr. Alvaro de Soto
He also underlined the need to have a broad and comprehensive chapter on the recovery of assets, including prevention, cooperation, recovery mechanism and disposition, as well as the general principle of return of assets to the countries concerned.
Conference services
Zambia*
154. Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo.
Introduction
(b) Description.
Repatriation, rehabilitation and reintegration of trafficking victims were also carried out under the 2005 Anti-Trafficking in Persons Law.
My heat beats have become faster.
The process of sharing life or fellowship is best lived out in small groups like our Life Groups.
In April, the government cut the stamp tax on stock trades from 0.3 to 0.1 per cent, reversing a decision made less than a year earlier when Beijing was trying to damp a raging bull market that saw stock prices virtually double last year.
Asked how he was feeling, Lu, speaking in Russian, said, Otlichno, which means excellent.launched new products launch a careerlaunch a business ventureto keep the smoke out This coat keeps out the wind.
Question 20 135 158 26
(b) Information on the reduction or elimination of the production, use, trade and release, including from unintentional sources, of mercury and mercury compounds; and
Philip's 48 and has a flaky scalp problem.
UNDP indicated that in 2009, it streamlined the trust fund reconciliation process by incorporating reconciliation by funds and by projects, which resulted in better quality returns from agencies and faster identification and resolution of differences.
In the agricultural sector, too, innovative technologies have helped in the protection of crops and in enhancing agricultural productivity.
10. The preliminary estimate ($3,009.8 million), before inclusion of special political missions, maintains the level of regular budget established activities at the same level as the approved appropriations for the biennium 2004-2005. That would be equivalent to zero real growth.
Combine this new responsibility with all the stress and pressures in their lives and the result unfortunatelycan be substance abuse
Human rights and access to safe drinking water and sanitation
37A.10 The net increase is attributable mainly to communications and is due to a greater utilization of long-distance telephone lines and facsimile machines for work related to preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and disarmament, as well as to the various sanctions committees.
When Osama bin Laden was captured and killed, it was the carrier USS Carl Vinson that carried out his burial at sea.
Monday, 28 November 2011, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 1 (NLB); and
In view of the general disparity noted in the status of implementation of Article 6 activities by Annex I Parties on the one hand, and non-Annex I Parties on the other hand, the document addresses the respective status of implementation in separate sections.
Remive boot floppy disk and press any key to restart .
Sure the ship shipshape, sir.
What reasons are there for any changes?
Welds shall be skillfully made and afford complete safety.
It was underlined that perceived shifts of commitment on behalf of the international community were detrimental to the aims of the missions, sending negative signals to host countries.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
To request the Secretariat to report to the Conference at its further meetings on :
It has placed all of its dealings with LISCR on hold until the Moore Stephens audit is concluded, but the Bureau did state that it intended to review the contract between Liberia and LISCR immediately after the audit was completed.
Saint-Pois
1 May 2008
(a) As a reference or standard:
II Capacity-building
Since pleasure is the sole aim of masturbation, you have to take time, and I especially advise you to use a lot of lubricant.
Are you going?
acting as the preparatory committee for the
(d) The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) reported 13 allegations for 2012 in four of its five field offices: Jordan (4), Lebanon (4), the West Bank (2) and the Gaza Strip (3).
4.4.1. Guidelines on independence and impartiality of members of the human rights treaty bodies in the exercise of their functions. 74
The Supplementary Benefit (Guernsey) Law, 1971, as amended;
10. Welcomes the appointment by the Secretary-General of a Special Envoy for the Sahel, who should mobilize international efforts for the Sahel, coordinate the implementation of the United Nations integrated strategy on the Sahel and engage actively in defining the parameters of a comprehensive solution to the Malian crisis;
99. The representative of Indonesia emphasized that the smuggling of natural resources by organized criminal groups posed a serious threat to the international community by fuelling conflicts, causing significant loss of national revenue, destroying the environment and destabilizing border security.
27. Swedish law has been influenced by both continental law and common law, although it has more in common with continental legal systems.
1. Notes as areas for continued progress by the United Nations Institute for Training and Research the establishment of results-based management across the work of the Institute, the establishment of quality standards and certification and the expanded use of technology-enhanced learning tools;
If the family circumstances of women permit, post-graduate education and the obtainment of specialized academic qualifications are available to both sexes without discrimination. According to the results of the 2001 population census, the percentage of Bahraini women who obtain post-secondary degrees, such as the baccalaureate and diploma, approach the percentage of males.
100. Section 128 (2) of the Code of Criminal Procedure (Strafprozessordnung, StPO) provides that the investigating judge shall decide on the issuance of an arrest warrant.
Several members had agreed that monitoring bodies should be competent to assess the admissibility of reservations in the context of the their function of monitoring the implementation of the treaty, but that they could go no further and regard the reservation as null and void or draw the consequences of such a finding.
Instead, the motor rotate reversely , push rod ( rod ) push out, the valve plate closes, stops discharging.
Kazakhstan, with the purpose of increasing its transit transport potential, placed great importance on the development of an integrated transport system, including all modes of transport and logistics infrastructure, with particular emphasis on the construction of new railway lines and roads within the framework of international and regional transport links.
Approved the agenda and work plan for its annual session 2004 (DP/2004/L.2);
It is very difficult for a man to differentiate between empathy and sympathy. He hates to be pitied
Achieving your dream is not something complicated. Well, you don't have to make it complicated, at least.
Date
The environment that working face of politics of thought of farming herd round field faces, condition.
When you get to the desktop, open a command line terminal, switch to the administrator account and type grub.
I: Are you Mr. Wu?
Action Canada for Population and Development
She was a willful child.
Item 13 (a) of the provisional agenda**
A key challenge that may soon present itself may be the extension of State authority and the maintenance of law and order in the diamond-producing areas.
When a micro floppy is inserted into the disk drive, the shutter is opened automatically when the diskette is accessed.
In its strategy, Colombia has updated domestic legislation through mechanisms that permit inter-agency coordination and capacity-building aimed at gathering intelligence information, both to prevent terrorist acts and to dismantle terrorist networks and support structures.
2. Urges all States to ratify or accede to and implement all the provisions of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 19617 as amended by the 1972 Protocol,Ibid., vol. 976, No. 14152. the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971Ibid., vol. 1019, No. 14956.
I thought you'd all like it. I love it!
As at April 2012, the Republic of Korea had concluded nuclear cooperation agreements with 25 countries and several others were either in the pipeline or under negotiation.
The original budget estimate had been for $3.9 million, a substantial reduction compared with the previous year's full operational budget.
We also appreciate the work done by UNDP and the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific to support the integration of MDGs into national development strategies in our region.
Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Colombia, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Finland, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Marshall Islands, Mauritania, Mexico, Mongolia, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nauru, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Timor-Leste, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia, Turkey, Tuvalu, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vanuatu, Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of), Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe
II. Tentative schedule of work 10
These content is in our four revision books text-bookexercise-bookand our other two study materials.
Action: A number of LDCs are included among the CAPAS participants in its current phase.
The treaty-specific reporting guidelines - to be applied in conjunction with the harmonized reporting guidelines on a common core document (HRI/GEN/2/rev.4) - unfortunately were under revision, when drafting of this report was initiated and could not be followed.
Ionizing Radiation: Sources and Biological Effects (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.82.IX.8) (1982), annex J, paras. 372 and 407
176. In this regard the Conference notes with appreciation the agreed outcome contained in the report of the Trade and Development Board on its forty-first executive session with the objective of strengthening UNCTAD.
Confidentiality and Data Protection
They publicize sacrifice and high moral standards, and morally blackmail those who acted differently.
8. Encourages the Board of Trustees of the Institute to continue its efforts to resolve the critical financial situation of the Institute, in particular with a view to broadening its donor base and further increasing the contributions to the General Fund;
Technical assistance is provided to States preparing legislation based on UNCITRAL texts.
Depending on how you get Mono today, you might already have the this split in house or not.
Rights to be enjoyed under the Ordinance
Another is the lack of technical support.
Statistical analysis of misconduct
County and district truth and reconciliation committees have also been set up.
Whereas some progress has been made, the Special Rapporteur takes this opportunity to reiterate some of his key recommendations, complemented with proposed additional steps.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- HOW to dress  Dark colored suits or dresses Red ties or scarves;  Black shoes,freshly polished;  Very little jewelry -worn discreetly;  Calm,slow gestures and slow movements;  Shoulders back,chin up.
The Director of the Programme Planning and Budget Division and the Executive Director of the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships replied to questions raised.
The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs works closely with the Development Operations Coordination Office of the United Nations Development Programme, the Peacebuilding Support Office and other members of the United Nations system to facilitate a smooth transition from relief to rehabilitation and development.
The organizers stressed that what they really want is freedom from the endless bureaucratic hoops they're required to jump through, not necessarily better pay.
It further (f) recommended that the use of intimidation against journalists should cease and should lead to a climate of tolerance so that opinions from opposition politicians can be freely expressed.
Thus, on 10 March, we held in Baghdad an expanded meeting of senior experts representing our neighbours, the permanent members of the Security Council and key international and regional organizations, including, of course, the United Nations.
(a) United Nations Disarmament Information Programme;
An over-reliance on UNDP direct implementation, particularly in the post-conflict countries of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of the Congo and Tajikistan, can hinder the development of capacities required to sustain the benefits of the initiatives after UNDP withdraws support.
IAEA should be allowed to conduct its activities as sole verification agency of the NPT without undue interference.
Written translations of statements delivered in official languages
The Special Rapporteur was informed that some 1 million persons had lost limbs during the past 14 years, approximately 300,000 of whom had lost both limbs".
I try to engage them and work with them but they seem threatened by my low tolerance for mediocrity and desire to challenge the status quo.
freshman year: monitor of class.
4. On 22 June, Central African students at the University of Bangui went on a rampage attacking Chadian students.
I'll have a small hamburger,milk,and one large order of French fries.
P: Yes I'll be here for three to five years.
536. In regard of most health determinants and most chronic conditions, persons with a low educational level poorer prospects than those with an intermediate or an academic education.
Almost everybody who is politically conscious has strong feelings about one or more of these issues; but I want you, if you can, to set aside such feelings for the moment and consider yourself only as a member of a biological species which has had a remarkable history and whose disappearance none of us can desire
They present an overview of the consolidated results and analysis of the financial statements, by fund, highlighting significant trends and changes.
Interpolation is applicable for calculating an adjustment for a given inventory year provided that reviewed values of the adjacent years are available.
4. As at 31 October 1999, the export of petroleum from Iraq under the current phase has proceeded smoothly, with excellent cooperation among the oil overseers, independent inspection agents for oil (Saybolt), the relevant authorities of Turkey, the Iraqi State Marketing Organization for Oil (SOMO) and the national oil purchasers.
An I reckon it's abou time yeh read yer letter.Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea
81. To balance the three pillars and align the environmental pillar with the others, there have been proposals to strengthen UNEP.
9.1 The Registrar may make short-term investments of moneys not needed for immediate requirements and shall periodically inform the Presidency and, through the Committee on Budget and Finance, the Assembly of States Parties of such investments.
52. In preparation for the twentieth anniversary of the International Year, regional expert group meetings and capacity development workshops were held in Europe, Africa, North and South America and in the Middle East and North Africa.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011: section 28D, Office of Central Support Services
To coordinate with the multilateral funding agencies with a view to enhancing financial and technology flows for the development and deployment of new and renewable energy technologies in developing countries;
Saint-Ferriol
In that connection, the establishment of the Oversight Support Unit should help to ensure more timely implementation of the Board's recommendations.
During her leave a woman is paid a maternity benefit - 100% of her pay - plus a one-off delivery benefit (Article 30 paragraph 1 of the 1974 Law on disbursals of social insurance sickness and maternity benefits).
Depart from me , evildoers, That I may observe the commandments of my God.
Ingredient : Pumpkin Seeds, Sesame Seeds, Rice Malt, Evaporated Cane Juice, Sea Salt.
By its resolution 1025 (1995) of 30 November 1995, the Security Council decided to terminate the mandate of UNCRO on 15 January 1996.
He has few friends here. He often feels lonely.
(20) While welcoming the information provided by the State party concerning compensation paid to victims of torture or ill-treatment, as decided by the European Court of Human Rights, the Committee regrets the lack of data provided by the State party regarding the amount of compensation provided to victims, including individuals denied fundamental safeguards or subjected to torture or ill-treatment in detention.
The mummy is that of Shepenmut who was once a singer in the Temple of Thebs.
The present crisis had once again proven the need for policy space for developing countries to exercise the right to development when such challenges occurred.
Independent of the changes in family promotion (at the middle of the 1990s) called "savings measures", the promotion granted to individual persons went up by about 12 per cent in the year 2000, as compared to the year 1993.
The European Union intended to limit its own statements in number and length in order to leave more time for substantive discussion.
Anna: That's nonsense, Carlo. You're almost recovered.
7. Acknowledges the work undertaken by the Commission on the Status of Women, the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, the Special Rapporteurs of the Council on violence against women, its causes and consequences, on trafficking in persons, especially in women and children, and on contemporary forms of slavery and other relevant United Nations bodies, agencies and mechanisms to eliminate discrimination in law and in practice throughout the world;
Trust Fund in Support of United Nations Peacemaking and Peacekeeping Activities
Human pursuing ideal life is power and source of development rule of law.
Eradication of poverty and other development issues: women in development
50. Japan is certain that the Additional Protocol can play a meaningful role in preventing sensitive materials from falling into the hands of terrorists since it enables the IAEA to receive extra information on the export and import of nuclear source material, non-nuclear material and equipment, which are not covered by the Comprehensive Safeguards Agreement.
After about 3 months I realized the problem and started choosing one activity at a time to work on.
Nisko County
24. At the time of making our decision about the second important definition, only definition recommendations were made available to us.
As pointed out in CD/1578, the financial implications of the active verification of excess stacks must be evaluated.
Virginia Madsen
Only after completion of the repairs in Guinea an exploitation contract for their use would be signed and only then, the normal export procedures for military transactions would be followed.
22. Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/60/469) [103]
 25. Many Member States had also expressed interest in issuing commemorative stamps to mark the anniversary.
The United Nations has made immense strides in promoting peace and universal values throughout the world.
A. The fact that she was able to send a message was a hint, but I had to be cautious.
But there is at least one encouraging, if hidden, signal from Mogherini’s appointment: The fact that the European Central Bank President Mario Draghi is also an Italian was not an impediment.
For many years States Parties in particular developing countries have suffered from a systematic denial of the inalienable right of States Parties to exchange equipment, materials, technology, and other biological materials is considered a systematic and gross violation of the Article X.
(d) To continually review, evaluate and update their national laws, policies, practices and procedures taking into account all relevant international legal instruments in order to effectively respond to violence against women, including to ensure that such measures complement and are consistent with the criminal justice system's response to such violence and that civil law decisions reached in marital dissolutions, child custody decisions and other family law proceedings for cases involving domestic violence or child abuse adequately safeguard victims and the best interests of children;
UNFPA would like to thank the outgoing Chairman of the Committee, Mr. William Fowler (United States of America) for the leadership, guidance and valuable advice he provided to UNFPA, having served as Chairman of the Committee for the last three years.
Report of the Executive Director for 2009: progress and achievements in implementing the UNFPA strategic plan
Aakash
many people take forty winks in the airplane.
18. Nor is it an accident that the remaining States not party to the Non-Proliferation Treaty are, with one exception, in parts of the world where political tensions are particularly acute.
Cura? ao  risks  friction a mighty neighbour.
We shall be satisfied when those rights have been made as secure as the faith and the freedom of nations can make them....
23. The principle has been referred to and applied at the national level in relation to human activities with potentially severe effects on human health (engineering, the pharmaceutical and chemical industries, nuclear power plants, etc.).
76. Bearing in mind that a number of participants were of the opinion that CERD general recommendations are non-binding, a fruitful debate took place on the identification of gaps in the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination regarding the protection of specific groups, such as religious groups, refugees, asylum-seekers, stateless persons, migrant workers, IDPs, descent-based communities, indigenous peoples, minorities and people under foreign occupation.
Wichaya (a twelve year old girl): On January 16th, I got up at 9 o'clock in the morning
Look, I don't give a shit about any of that, okay?
WE AFFIRM that the Scriptures are the supreme written norm by which God binds the conscience, and that the authority of the Church is subordinate to that of Scripture.
The real strategic choice is whether its primary challenge comes from the Islamic world or China.
Such groups exploit Islam as a means of achieving political or even personal gain by resorting to violence and terrorism and thus, unfortunately, tarnishing the image of Islam, a faith of moderation and tolerance.
In 2004, CERD encouraged Belarus to consider the establishment of an independent national human rights institution, in accordance with the Paris Principles.
 But they are the essence of democracy, within nations and within the family of nations.
Cárdenas, Rivas
He also welcomed the election of the Ambassador of Brazil to the office of Chairperson of the country-specific configuration on Guinea-Bissau, given the strong cultural, historical and economic ties between the two countries.
100. Invites the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore further ways to enhance cooperation, collaboration and coordination, including through the greater harmonization of strategic frameworks, instruments, modalities and partnership arrangements, in full accordance with the priorities of the recipient Governments, and in this regard emphasizes the importance of ensuring, under the leadership of national authorities, greater consistency between the strategic frameworks developed by the United Nations agencies, funds and programmes and the Bretton Woods institutions, while maintaining the institutional integrity and organizational mandates of each organization and the national poverty reduction strategies, including poverty reduction strategy papers, where they exist;
When youre an adult,you can watch anything you want
85. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 50/29 A to D of 6 December 1995).
Ozone Layer Protection Ordinance
As he was not among the demonstration organizers, the author asserts that there is every reason to believe that the arrest and detention of Juma Aboufaied was related to his relationship with his brother Idriss, and the information he shared on the latter's arrest.
Father: Well, Tom, I asked to your teacher today, and now I want to ask you a question.
() Let Mr. Chen have the floor for ten minutes
This is the Battlestar Galactica.
14. Calls upon all States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to implement without delay all elements of the 2010 Review Conference action plan so that progress across all of the pillars of the Treaty can be realized;
Confirmation of that can be found in the statements of the President of Kazakhstan on priority directions of his foreign policy.
Yeah, language is a great obstacle for many people but it's still a great fun.
On 3 June 2008, he was the featured speaker at a seminar on "Advancing indigenous rights and development in Latin America and the Caribbean", held in Washington, D.C., at which he focused on the role of the World Bank in relation to various challenges and initiatives concerning indigenous peoples.
119. As the required resources have not been provided under section 23 the programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011, it is anticipated that those requirements will be absorbed within existing resources of the programme budget and reported in the second performance report for the biennium 2010-2011.
And it took only 40 years for South Korea and Taiwan to complete their transitions from low- to high-income status.
But in America, which has long had a love affair with both therapy and the Net, these stories are common.
In the same way, if you focus too much on the value side, you'll lack having a clear plan of communicating that value to others (which is really all marketing is).
Agenda item 156: Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (continued) (A/C.5/62/L.42)
For instance it contains provisions ensuring equality before the law without discrimination; the right to education; equal employment opportunities for all; freedom from abuse and exploitation for groups such as women, children, older persons, persons with disabilities; workers' rights including the right to form and join trade unions; and non refoulement of refugees.
Temperature and residual stress field of industrial pipe butt weld was simulated by ABAQUS codes.
 Stand-by forces should be established and should receive standard training. Prior to assigning these forces to an operation, necessary information on the culture, religion, language, climate, topography, customs, etc., must be given to them.
Pilot countries are helping determine the important details that factor into the `One United Nations' effort and are driving discussions at the intergovernmental level.
We were married in a civil ceremony, not in church.
Pursuant to this mandate, the Commission took up the issue of coordination and cooperation in science and technology in the United Nations system at its first session, in April 1993.
Other factors affecting the prison population include understaffing of the judiciary.
In partnership with UNDP and the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships, the Task Force launched digital diaspora networks for Africa and the Caribbean.
92. The Kingdom of Tonga operates a universal free health care system.
however, this was a small town and some places could not be ignored.
A man wandering in a woman's beauty to our shock and can talk cheerfully and humorously talented woman bring us pleasure.
[t]he delegation of Austria expressed reservations concerning the interpretative declaration of the United Kingdom [...], although it had no objection.
And the night - fires out, and the lack of shelters.
With the help of many countries and friends, my country was able to get back on its feet and carry on after that terrible and devastating conflict.
Enjoy the sweet, crisp flavor of fresh picked corn with Imagine Organic Sweet Corn Soup.
In most countries, it is less than two, and it is higher than the world figure only in Jamaica.
No landings or trans-shipments are permitted in the port of a party unless vessels can establish that the fish were caught outside the area of application or in conformity with relevant conservation and management measures in force.
24. Paragraph 69 of Commission resolution 2000/14 recommended that "the particular situation of children should receive special attention during the preparations for and during the World Conference ...".
Bringing China into the Climate Change Fold
The Department of the Treasury stated that the firm eNom had contravened the law, since the travel agency helped United States citizens to evade the restrictions on travel to Cuba and was a "generator of resources that the Cuban regime uses ...".
1.7.4 ["Bilateralized reservations"] [Agreements between States having the same object as reservations]
An hour under one of those things and you'd be just a cinder.
77. Introducing the revised budget for the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) for the period from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014 (A/68/505), she said that the revised budget amounted to $60.8 million, representing an increase of
Information on the work of the Third Committee is available at the following Web site <www.un.org/ga/third/>.
I came into this world — like you – a pure, unblemished being. And when I come to the conclusion of this earthly life, I will remain — like you — pure, unblemished spiritual being.
 (c) Summary record of the seventh meeting, held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, on Friday, 4 August 1995.
An optional protocol would also give States a direct role in international jurisprudence on economic, social and cultural rights; strengthen notions of international accountability; strengthen domestic remedies; clarify the more complex aspects of the ICESCR through the study of individual cases; increase the profile and public awareness of economic, social and cultural rights; increase cooperation between States and the Committee.
Spinelli's relationship with the striker has often been a tempestuous one but he denied that it had caused an irrevocable split.
But unlike Bill Clinton, who turned his wife into an unlikely Arkansan, Obama planted himself on his wife's turf.
In today's china,it is still popular to cling on door when ....... 6.To be successful, you must be daring, be first and be different
I mean, i--i've never even been over the, uh, Northern mountains, you know what I'm saying?
CBP has also negotiated arrangements with the largest air courier companies to make use of their internal computer systems to track and target many of the smaller shipments that are not currently tracked in CBP's Automated Commercial System.
It is a love story about a man with a genetic disorder that causes him to time travel unpredictably, and about his wife, an artist.
A Pinterest account in French was launched in mid-May, illustrating the work of the Organization through a variety of images and links to in-depth sources.
Reference checks in the United Nations system organizations (JIU/NOTE/2013/1).
We’re in Berlin because this is the best portrait of Cleopatra in the world.
Such information should be understandable to everyone and should be published also in the languages of linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples;
10 a.m. 8th meeting (closed) Conference Room 1
It is the understanding of the Senate that nothing in the present treaty shall be construed as affecting or modifying the legal status or the sovereignty of the territories referred to in Article VI.
One claimant, a German bank, made a loan to an Iraqi buyer in February 1988 to finance the latter's purchase of goods from a German exporter which were shipped in March 1988.
B: Fine .we're saving a lot of money with it .A: I'm glad to hear that .
Its easy to understand why the cat has eclipsed the dog as modern Americas favorite pet
Organization of and participation in regular meetings of the Pristina and Belgrade Working Groups on Direct Dialogue, including provision of logistical arrangements
(g) The right of people to self-determination;
American President) Did you ever expect a corporation to have a conscience, when it has no soul to damned, and no body to be kicked?
Gravy is considered an essential accompaniment by many. It may have originated in Yorkshire, but is popular across the whole country.
36. The right to hold or acquire perpetual title to land is vested in Solomon Islanders as defined in the Land and Titles Act.
This is too bad! How dirty it is here
The winner in the November general election is almost certain to be either the Republican or the Democratic nominee
Space technology and its applications; peaceful use of outer space; space research
The combination of bags and special boxes can avoid foundering and impacting.
In other words: Why does the IMF spend so much time talking about China's currency, which had nothing to do with the financial crisis?
national circumstances 48-87 15 Basic information 51-57 15
As the Human Rights Committee pointed out:
Therefore, it is not surprising at all that they clamor about the "extinction of traditional Tibetan culture.
• Donations or low-cost transfers by Governments;
Follow-up to the outcome of the twenty-sixth special session:
São Sebastião do Caí
(i) Access to water, sanitation and health services improved;
Another survey of immigrants learning English in the US showed that classroom instructional hours had little impact on progress.
The blue color family as an important member of the design has an important role.
The call was diverted to the volunteer's telephone.
Redeployment of State administration
On the roof. on the roof.
Organization of a 16-day campaign against gender-based violence, in collaboration with national human rights non-governmental organizations, women's organizations and United Nations system organizations, including UNDP and UNIFEM
States should take into account the best interests of the child when deciding whether to remove children born in prison and children living in prison with a parent.
Gender-based violence was reported to be widespread.
The aim is to produce a set of principles to guide the development of national action programmes for specific countries.
Other theorists propose that the Moon was ripped out of the Earth's rocky mantle by the Earth's collision with another large celestial body after much of the Earth's iron fell to its core.73.
approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
“One couldn't see a thing.
113. Five new support account posts are requested for the Memorandum of Understanding and Claims Management Section: one P-3 Finance Officer and four General Service (Other level) Claims Assistants.
2. South-South financial cooperation
This text introduces the raw material fill a prescription and method of that make the preoxidized starch and its adhesive.
S/2003/506 Letter from the representative of Mexico to the Secretary-General Chapter 35
Fourth, America’s decision to back extremists in Syria contradicts its “war on terrorism” and will erode international support for it.
Change the line that you located in step 6 to the following.
All Member States should take the measures set out in the World Programme of Action.
The cost estimate was based on $90 per day in the demilitarized zone, $75 per day in Kuwait City and $125 per day in Baghdad.
A foretaste of the ethnic cleansing that was to become the grim hallmark of the war.
Funding for two investigators was secured and two individuals have been hired.
It will enhance the management of information worldwide and contribute to the cohesiveness of UNFPA following its reorganization.
To ensure the safety of lives, property and goods kept in the port area, port security staff, in cooperation with the local police, are on duty on an around the clock basis.
4.1 Background
Hesper asked when she'd returned. Her voice quavered.
Wuhu Street (East Bound) at junction with Gillies Avenue South
1502 (2003) Safety and security of humanitarian personnel and protection of United Nations and associated personnel
43. While welcoming the presence of a vibrant civil society, the Committee is concerned about the lack of cooperation of the authorities with non-governmental organizations in the implementation of the Convention.
Paragraph 21 of the statement of principles and programme of action of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme states that, in developing the Programme, areas of priority should be determined in response to the needs and concerns of Member States, with particular consideration being given to the following:
Then said he unto me, Son of man, dig now in the wall: and when I had digged in the wall, behold a door.
The second, against Astrit Haraqija and Bajrush Morina, also related to the case against Ramush Haradinaj.
ON THE SECURITY COUNCIL
I.8 In addition, the Secretary-General is proposing the outward redeployment of one General Service (Other level) Driver from the Office of the Director-General, United Nations Office at Vienna, to the United Nations Office at Vienna (section 28F) in order to reflect the existing reporting lines (A/64/6 (Sect. 1), para. 1.58).
IP
40. The right to reparation entails both individual measures and general, collective measures.
The present subsection will examine some of these impacts from economic, humanitarian and environmental perspectives.
My watch is ahead of time, i'll have it regulated
Welcoming the reports of the three panels on Iraq (S/1999/356), and having held a comprehensive consideration of them and the recommendations contained in them,
Philippines
These technologies had supported vines growing in these arid environments in the region.
9. Member States have taken a large number of measures to strengthen legislation, improve data collection and develop national and local road safety strategies and programmes.
(vi) With respect to the support programme's input to the partnership project, effective assistance was considered extremely important for fostering contacts as well as for giving potential partners a proper opportunity to assess the potential of a long-term engagement;
Unfortunately, many human molecular geneticists have abdicated any responsibility for trying to decrease the overall burden of such diseases.
 The resumption of fighting, therefore, also threatens respect for peaceful dispute settlement mechanisms.
A report by me with unverified conclusions on Iraq's compliance would have no credibility.
Ambassador of Honduras to Italy, concurrently accredited to Hungary (2000 - 2002);
This study theoretically and empirically analyzes the influencing factors of oil price and evaluates weights of these factors.
Most importantly, Blake is a dependable defender who can stay in front of a variety of guards.
(a) (i) Increased number of respondents to the questionnaires on the subprogramme's flagship publication Social Panorama of Latin America who consider its analysis useful in improving their understanding of the region's structural social problems
UEFA Euro 2000
Then, the commerce on the net with lower cost gradually arisen.
Sessions may also focus on the challenges in implementing the Guiding Principles and ensuring business respect for human rights in the context of:
118. All conclusions and/or recommendations contained in the present report reflect the position of the submitting State(s) and/or the State under review.
There is often traffic jam on this road in the rush hour.
If no reply is received from the Public Records Office (PRO) 10 working days after submitting the application form, please contact the Reference Service at 2195 7724.
Hmm. You should write to the mayor.
The earth doesn't not pull the kitten to it nearly AS it pulls a big rock.
LegCo panel paper reporting on the work of the URA in 2007/08
mark into squares or draw squares on; draw crossed lines on.
So the island 's exports often serve as an indicator of demand in the global manufacturing value chain.
I will transact my business by letter.
9. Participants emphasized the need for a comprehensive, rights-based, gender-sensitive and migrant-centred approach to migration and development.
IPSAS implementation
Some delegates encouraged UNCTAD to support African countries in assessing their countries' investment needs and the causes of their investment deficits in the context of the post-2015 development agenda framework.
 We fear that through misunderstanding this current process, the Special Committee is led to believe that a legitimate process of decolonization will occur and that Guam may now be removed from the list of Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Nugroho Wisnumurti
Simulation results demonstrate that it is easy and effective to use the improved selection method to design controller and the controller can meet the design demands better.
He's taken to Iocking himseif in his study.
Zushi Station
Staff qualified to use RBM and related planning/management tools professionally;
Those countries would require policy space in order to pursue prudent debt management, economic diversification and sustained economic growth.
Sulaimaniya Cement Plant
Establishment of a permanent conference of indigenous peoples of Rio Perene in the Province of Chanchamayo
CRPD/C/MEX/1
The report's database, which contains information on alternative livelihood projects and areas of investment from donor assistance, has been transferred to the Ministry of Counter Narcotics.
One of the main lessons learned in Kosovo is that gender justice considerations must be included very early in the assessment and planning stages of post-conflict UN missions and programmes and throughout the implementation phases.
Yet the 2010 Dodd-Frank legislation, which sought to address the shortcomings exposed by the financial crisis, made very few changes.
The plans tend to cover a broad range of approaches but reveal some common drawbacks that are apparent from the ROARs and clearly identified in the Poverty Report 2000: (a) questions about the extent of ownership of process, product and subsequent action by national actors; (b) lack of time-bound goals and targets for example, although more than three quarters of all countries have established poverty estimates and more than two thirds have plans for reducing poverty, fewer than one third have set targets for eradicating extreme poverty or substantially reducing overall poverty; (c) a narrow or targeted approach that understates the importance of cross-sectoral linkages; (d) related to the latter point, lack of clarity on the definition and practical application of integrated follow-up to conferences; (e) few links, if any, with macroeconomic planning, especially taxation, investment and expenditure policies; (f) absence of monitoring frameworks that can provide a systematic foundation for assessing progress based on national-level indicators, benchmarks, and data; and (g) perhaps tying all the previous points together, inadequate appreciation of the importance of economic and political governance in determining national capabilities for transforming even the most thoughtful plans into meaningful progress towards the global goals.
The international community has to continue its efforts aimed at combating HIV/AIDS, with a focus on the protection of human rights and respect for the dignity of all infected persons.
Slovakia believes that this issue should be clarified.
"I wanted you to find me
The Prosecution anticipates that its case-in-chief will be concluded within two months of the start of the trial, a date that has not yet been set.
We faced each other and said "merry christmas! " lastly, we all sang Jingle-bells Rock.
Niort
Such reviews are critical for effective follow-up to the Assembly, and their modalities should be decided as soon as possible (paras. 116 and 117).
At present, about 1.8 million persons in need of long-term care are in receipt of benefits from the long-term care insurance.
Mr. Husain (Organization of the Islamic Conference): I am grateful for this opportunity to address the General Assembly at its resumed tenth emergency special session on behalf of the General Secretariat of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, the intergovernmental organization of 57 sovereign States, all of which are also States Members of the United Nations and are represented here today.
To respond to the need for up-to-date and comparable land degradation information, the Global Environment Facility (GEF) has funded the Land Degradation Assessment in Drylands (LADA) project to be implemented by the United Nations Environmental Programme (UNEP) and executed by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
Benefits of HR Insight, an online self-service human resources reporting tool available to permanent missions, where Member States can easily obtain the information themselves at their own convenience, for example, desirable ranges and staff details on their respective nationals, would be leveraged.
289. The reform of the electoral law in 2000 provided for a minimum quota of 30 per cent representation of women on electoral lists, which led to a significant increase in women's access to elected public office.
Male: Look, so much person is living together, they are much happier!
UNDP operations are characterized by the following key elements:
We have to approach these matters with due regard for the principles of sovereign equality and equal and undiminished security enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and the first special session of the Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Like other jurisdictions in Canada, the Government of Yukon faces a situation where the number of management employees who are eligible to retire in the next five years will have a serious effect on leadership continuity.
Yes, I hear him trying to spell and read to himself, and pretty blunders he makes!
80. ISP programme activities include establishing school cafeterias in partnership with the World Food Programme and providing deworming services and vitamin A supplementation twice a year.
In this respect, it is important to make sure that all inflows of funds from development partners are on budget and therefore can be monitored by parliaments.
Taxpayer: How long will the tax be refunded
"Noting also that in some economies in transition this progress has been significantly slower, resulting in lower aggregate development levels and lower per capita income, and noting further that focused international assistance to those economies is still needed to support their efforts in further building solid social and economic institutions, and to ensure that they are fully integrated into the world economy,
Those who worked were looked down upon with contempt, and subjected to every possible indignity.
Article 15 351 - 353 61
: Napoleon and Hitler They say that pride comes before a fall. In the case of both Napoleon and Hitler, they won many victories, which led them to believe that anything was possible and that nothing could stand in their way.
SEARCH CRITERIA: Please define your search criteria and then click the "Start Calculation" button.
Situation report on human swine influenza (with photo)
He also popularized tight pants, the trapeze dress,  smocks , thigh - high boots and tuxedo jackets.
The Committee would therefore appreciate receiving an outline of the steps Seychelles intends to take to regulate and/or monitor such non-financial sector.
Recommendations 240-245 (see A/CN.9/691, paras. 74-80)
If it doesn't show up, we'll have to go to the American Embassy.
to request assistance from the Water Authority in taking water samples for quality analysis in case of discoloured water or to report any other water supply faults.
During the meeting, the fifteenth Mano River Union Protocol on Peace and Security was updated to include an implementation framework, aimed at facilitating joint training, patrolling, and coordination and exchange of security information among Member States.
There are clusters of thorns and some tangled vegetation in the forest.
(spoke in English)
 The proposed agenda for development should help in that area.
Article 20
Moral 1 Internet is not the solution to your life.
 211. The Plan of Action addresses the needs of documented migrants by focusing mostly on those admitted as workers.
:: External: lower deployment factor of police personnel
EDM: Total Grand Total
The thirdparty licence on its own could not be taken as a security because, once incorporated into the main software, it could not be sold without the approval of the licensor of the third-party software.
1. Takes note with appreciation of the report of the Secretary-General on the measures taken and progress achieved in follow-up to the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and the outcome of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly;
Peru, within the scope of its possibilities and limitations, plays the role that it must within the community of nations in the area of disarmament.
These low - budget scary movies are the main sorts of income of this production company.
Most parallel corpora now are aligned at the sentence level and only a few at word or phrase level.
 129. The CHAIRMAN said that in paragraph 50, the Secretary-General informed the Committee that the allocation of items was based on the pattern adopted by the General Assembly in previous years.
Where there are grounds to believe that a declaration as to the ultimate destination of the goods is false, the goods may be detained and/or seized and ultimately they may be forfeited.
We are the casual acquaintances of a long railway journey.
22. The representative of the secretariat highlighted three paragraphs of the Economic and Social Council's agreed conclusions which were of particular relevance to the Commission acting as the preparatory committee.
Unless all presenters agree, Chinese-language panels shall be conducted in Mandarin.
64. Disarmament and non-proliferation were interrelated and mutually reinforcing, and the implementation of a sustainable long-term non-proliferation strategy depended on the simultaneous adoption of measures regarding nuclear disarmament and fissile material.
The Head of State must consult the Minister on all key matters.
While loans and risk-mitigation instruments are necessary to support this effort, they are not sufficient, because they are generally provided after a project is fully documented and confirmed as “bankable.”
The candidate countries Turkey, Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the countries of the European Free Trade Association Liechtenstein and Norway, the countries of the Stabilization and Association Process and potential candidates Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia, as well as Ukraine, Moldova, Armenia and Georgia align themselves with this declaration.
90. The representative of CCISUA welcomed the establishment of a working group to continue discussion of the subject with a view to presenting options for the development of a system to compensate staff serving at difficult duty stations and to make proposals to the Commission on options to replace the current mobility and hardship scheme.
The report notes that entities of the United Nations system have increasingly designed and implemented their activities in support of NEPAD in an integrated, rather than discrete, manner, linking their work at the country level with those at the subregional and regional levels.
The aims of the treaty are stated in its preamble.
Marmara Group Strategic and Social Research Foundation
Increase of material value by neutron irradiation
Mainframe hardware
Minnesota Twins Insignia.svg
 We, in the Philippines, are ourselves in the midst of a comprehensive peace process.
The couple from Pleasanton, Calif., traversed cities, desert, mountains and farmland as they crossed 13 states
This is also the case for the Constitution of the new country of Sint Maarten.
(d) To report to the Commission at its sixty-eighth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
In its decision RC-2/4 on regional and national delivery of technical assistance, the Conference of the Parties requested the secretariat to prepare a detailed costed programme of activities for the regional and national delivery of technical assistance for the biennium 2007 - 2008 for consideration by the Conference at its third meeting.
Background
To our blind luck (8), they spoke a little English.
The Greek Cypriot owner of the property in question appealed this decision, and the matter is ongoing.
Provisional agenda for the 5125th meeting of the Security Council
"Rule 155
Further noting the debate in Puerto Rico on the search for a procedure that would make it possible to launch the process of decolonization of Puerto Rico, and aware of the principle that any initiative for the solution of the political status of Puerto Rico should originate from the people of Puerto Rico,
Procurement of services and equipment;
5. In case No. T-253/02, the bank accounts of the applicant, Chafiq Ayadi, resident of Ireland, were frozen.
11. Unit coordinators and programme management officers have been instructed to properly justify and document the reasons for budget increases and for project delays or extensions.
Request for clarification
494. The Committee was pleased with the good performance of the fellowship programme.
71. Syria enjoyed cooperation with various United Nations agencies on women’s issues, particularly with regard to rural women and their integration into productive employment.
For the surrogates -- usually lower middleclass housewives -- money is the primary motiator.
While some within this group acknowledged the efforts made in extracting the key messages from a diverse reporting format and the good quality of compilation, others thought that there should be more rigorous analysis and a better balance of views.
Royal Oak tube station
(5) The Committee welcomes the measures taken in order to combat domestic violence, in particular the nomination of special prosecutors charged with handling such crimes.
Review of the implementation of General Assembly resolution 61/16 on the strengthening of the Economic and Social Council
And if you do cry,you do it in your room by yourself.
Mechanics Die - casting experience and knowledge a plus.
Can l... can I get you something?
The Committee noted the recommendations for increasing the use of space-derived geospatial data within the United Nations system, contained in paragraph 86 (a)-(f) of that report.
19. The Committee intends to continue its practice of inviting civil society organizations to all international conferences and meetings organized under its auspices.
Web design student Wu said he would consider taking a low-level village official post in the country.
But, "cost" consciousness if too strong, even to the point of haggle over every ounce for companies long-term development is no good.
This needs to be big enough to make a real difference and get at the heart of the problem.
It is mankind's common obligation to maintain outer space security.
A new working group was established under the leadership of the African Union and NEPAD secretariats;
74. The Centre for Mountain Studies at Perth College in Scotland, which, since 2009, has hosted the UNESCO Chair in sustainable mountain development, has run an online Master of Science in managing sustainable mountain development since 2004.
UNRWA
The majority of your problems are going to revolvearound the human and not the technical aspects of the job.
Recognizing the fundamental importance of sustainable national statistical capacity to produce reliable and timely indicators of a country's progress,
Spies
Requirements for this track would provide for:
Thus far, progress achieved in the implementation of this Agreement has been mixed.
33. In 2006, the Special Representative on the situation of human rights defenders reported that union leaders working in large-scale agricultural businesses in the private sector had been subjected to discrediting and intimidating practices and discriminatory dismissal.
In this regard, the role of the group of friends will also be crucial.
Republic of Korea
Bananas
Tests have been reported previously but it is now confirmed that the laser attacks were at least partially effective.
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflict. New York, 25 May 2000
I feel to get online is one kind abreacts , can find similar tribe, and I also keep rich customer.
Within this context, a number of companies notified their wish to secure the inclusion of endosulfan as an authorized active ingredient.
79. According to officers of the Department to Combat Organized Crime, article 430 of the Criminal Procedure Code in force at that time provided that a person can be kept in custody by an investigator for up to 30 days since, as they explained, the arrest warrant issued by a prosecutor is valid for two months.
89. The Director of the Port-of Spain office, jointly with relevant staff, should re-examine the relevance of the recommendations of the self-evaluation report and draw up a plan of action for their implementation, identifying responsibilities for specific implementing actions and establishing appropriate deadlines (para. 63) (SP-01-004-17).
Proceeds from lotteries helped to fund repairs to the Cinque Ports on the Sussex and Kent coasts, and to build Westminster Bridge.
Seminar on Information Technology Training Plan For Staff
I am waiting to hear your good news.
Because sewing needle jumped around when activities, also known as skip lock.
He also welcomed the launch of the United Nations Rule of Law Indicators, which would provide a robust and legitimate tool for measuring changes in the performance and characteristics of justice institutions.
Noting the in-depth negotiations undertaken in the Conference on Disarmament and its Ad Hoc Committee on Effective International Arrangements to Assure Non-Nuclear-Weapon States against the Use or Threat of Use of Nuclear Weapons, with a view to reaching agreement on this question,
Amend to read: "Refer to manufacturer or supplier for information on recovery or recycling."
3. The action brought by the Al Rashid Trust (QE.A.5.01) against the application of the sanctions measures against it remains pending in the Supreme Court of Pakistan on appeal by the Government from an adverse decision of 2003.
In the paper most kinds of noise source of micro seismic measurement system are analyzed in detail.
2. The Special Committee considered the item at its 1364th meeting, on 2 August 1990.
No. They were hidden exactly where you said they'd be.
Buy or sell: it's your choice.
Paragraphs Page
To be determined (10 days)
The Conference reaffirms the need to continue, as appropriate, the codification and progressive development of the rules of international law applicable to certain conventional weapons which may be excessively injurious or to have indiscriminate effects.
!She will be there for youto listen to your woes, your braggings, your frustations, etc.
39. On 1 October 2007, UNICEF co-hosted with France a follow-up ministerial meeting on the Paris Commitments and Principles, adopted in February 2007.
One witness said that "soldiers were shooting at everybody lying on the ground. This applied to wounded, dead and living people alike".
Acceptance of an impermissible reservation by a contracting State or by a contracting organization shall not cure the nullity of the reservation.
In 1995, for example, we were optimistic that the indefinite extension of the NPT would provide impetus to progress on multilateral arms control.
It is evident that the Authority has made substantial progress in implementing the tasks it identified for itself in 1997.
Paragraph 7 specifically grants to the competent authorities the authority to establish procedures for an effective exchange of information.
The Committee continued its consideration of the item. Statements were made by the representatives of Nicaragua (on behalf of the Central American Integration System), the United States, Croatia, Singapore, Belarus, Mexico, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Fiji, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Israel, Colombia, Serbia and Montenegro, Tuvalu and Kenya.
2 Youre going out of your way for us, I believe
It is necessary to know this great thinker of sport and reformer of education.
42. The extent of vulnerability at any one time depends partly on initial conditions and partly on the policies subsequently pursued to reduce vulnerability.
After tweaking to make it just right, it was put on a floppy disc and inserted into a computer-controlled mill to cut a template.
In charge of some equipments technic alteration and disfigurement correction, set and update equipment archives.
Some things should never be said.
E. Sarr (Gambia)
Total
When both officers were arrested, they were found to have in their possession lists of prices in gold for various types of arms and ammunition (see annex 63).
Thus, the Obama administration may find it more politically expedient to seek a deal with Iran.
D. Documentation
  Article 36 （Punishment for Surpassing Business Scope）The market operation administrators who surpass business scope shall be punished by the administrative department of industry and commerce according to the relevant provisions of the"Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the Administration of Company Registration"or the"Regulations of the People's Republic of China on the Administration of Corporation Registration".
The mortality rate for men is higher because of such causes of death as poisoning by alcohol, suicide, homicide and traffic accidents.
III. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
4  He has no money to him, so he is bound to came back
8. In education, gender parity had been achieved at primary level, while loans and bursaries were available to allow needy children to benefit from secondary and higher education.
Ghost House
Iraqi Radioactive Source Regulatory Authority and related agencies (implementation measures)
Additional information provided showed that a total amount of $286,800 was spent to train 279 staff during the reporting period, although the expenditure was debited under different budget items.
4. The rights referred to in paragraph 3 shall be exercised in conformity with the laws and regulations of the State in the territory of which the offender or alleged offender is present, subject to the provision that the said laws and regulations must enable full effect to be given to the purposes for which the rights accorded under paragraph 3 of the present article are intended.
April 20) Do not push your opinions or try to reform your emotional partner this week. Take time to explain your intentions to loved ones.
and of the twenty-fourth special session of the General Assembly
The night was comparatively quiet.
United Nations Secretariat
Environment and natural resources development
Also it would review opportunities provided to developing country enterprises by subcontracting arrangements with international distribution networks and the effects of dealing with monopsonistic or oligopsonistic partners.
In addition, the delegation of Indonesia informed the Commission of its intention to make in-kind contributions equivalent to $230,000 to APCICT and equivalent to $100,000 to CAPSA, and to strive to maintain its overall level of contributions to ESCAP.
We are going to expand those activities with new organizations and existing organizations that we’ve been supporting so that they can move their activities as the flood goes south,” Ward said.
On July 10, the first day of trading, they closed 42% higher.
On behalf of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to request the respective delegations to convey to them our deep appreciation for their many valuable contributions to the work of the Conference during their tenure, as well as our sincere wishes for their success and satisfaction in their new assignments.
MSPAS participated in and endorsed the report of the Statistical Registry of Cases of Gender-Based Violence with the National Statistical Institute, which is ready to apply it.
We get so caught up in that fantasy that we become addicted to the dream itself.
I don't know why you waste your time on such trifles.
The possibility for stress in tone languages is an area of ongoing research.
9. Recommends that the Disarmament Commission, at its 1994 organizational session, adopt the following items for consideration at its 1995 substantive session:
 (b) Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
There are different kinds of plugs and sockets in use.
(l) Programme support costs
The trade union, simply by virtue of its establishment, has the power to act on behalf of its category of workers and to exercise the collective will independently.
222. The point was also made that in the context of reservations to treaties, enlargement of the scope of reservations could lead to problems of fragmentation, especially in the case of treaties with many States parties.
I. Introduction
There is need for a more coherent architecture of international support that addresses coordination.
Listen to mommy. This is really important.
Has, must well the deep love.
His various senses in the realistic world would be replaced with a series of new electric stimuli.
IV. Mobility
We should encourage and help relatively competitive enterprises with various forms of ownership to invest abroad in order to increase export of goods and labor services and bring about a number of strong multinational enterprises and brand names.
The first related to the use of the terms, in one case, "the activities of armed forces during an armed conflict" and, in another case, the terms "the activities of the parties during an armed conflict, including in situations of foreign occupation".
Fifth report submitted in 2007 and scheduled for consideration in 2009
131. The absence of an agreement among the parties on the conduct of field visits by United Nations civilian observers to the Bakassi peninsula has hampered the implementation of this activity in 2009.
A: I put a dollar in the change machine, but I only got 95 cents back.
For now I think control takes precedence, perhaps that will change, perhaps not for a while.
She walks in beauty, like the night of cloudless climes, and starry skies;
Matters for consideration
As the Secretary-General notes, it is those kinds of programmes, and many others, which reduce the likelihood that those societies will travel the path to crimes that relate to the responsibility to protect.
17. Finance.
They're here, they're there, it's impossible to predict.
Casillas de Flores
25. Mr. Pyysalo (Finland), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Bulgaria and Romania; the candidate countries Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey; the stabilization and association process countries Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Serbia; and, in addition, Iceland, Moldova, Norway and Ukraine, said that the intergovernmental organs and expert bodies of the United Nations could not work successfully without effective conference support in the form of timely issuance of documentation, high-quality language services and suitable meeting facilities.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
8 November 1990
8. Draft resolution A/C.6/55/L.7, as orally revised, was adopted.
The right of self-determination was reserved for the inhabitants of the Territory, who were the only and final arbiters of their future destiny.
I urge the Government, with support from its partners, to pay particular attention to these factors and introduce corrective measures expeditiously.
The Committee has been assisted in its work by the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate, established pursuant to resolution 1535 (2004) for an initial period ending on 31 December 2007.
NATO's 2010 Strategic Concept clearly stated its commitment "to seek a safer world for all and to create the conditions for a world without nuclear weapons in accordance with the goals of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, in a way that promotes international stability, and is based on the principle of undiminished security for all".
We've only just moved here so we still feel a bit out of it.
In addition, certain non-governmental organizations and private-sector partners made use of 25 April to hold their own events to promote efforts to combat malaria.
- Vehicles and public transport services allow access by and movement of persons with disabilities;
Most submissions in fact focused on the supply side, namely on the question of preparing young people for the labour market through basic education, vocational training and entrepreneurship development.
Humanists, secularists, and even atheists have to rethink their worldviews in the context of a more complex religious reality.
Responses from several countries noted that reform of repressive drug laws was the key to enabling meaningful participation of people who use drugs in health policy and programmes, although mobilizing political support for such reform was difficult.
Much of the country remains under the influence of Al-Shabaab; areas recovered from the insurgency are especially volatile.
Last evening I was rung up by an old friend whom I had not heard of for years. 6.
From 1995 to 1998, the number of male students .19953.
) Vocabulary: drive home:You must drive it to John that we don't have enough quirky:wierdrun out of steam:
148. Greenpeace further pointed out that, according to the CCAMLR Scientific Committee, while the total allowable catch of Patagonian toothfish was 32,991 tons in 1997 and 18,000 tons in 1998, the total amount of illegal catch was estimated at about 100,000 and 130,000 tons respectively in those years; the assessments suggested that the species would be commercially extinct within three years if fishing was not brought under control.
(c) Scope;
In some years, April bursts upon Virginia hills in one prodigious leap
When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war.
Addendum
In early May 2005 the Minister for Health and Ageing announced research funding of $6.58 million under the Healthy Start to Life for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Children.
I. OPENING OF THE SESSION 1 - 2 3 (Agenda item 1)
Artillery and other military specialists were inducted and trained at military academies evacuated to the capital of Tajikistan from western cities of the Soviet Union, including the Kharkov technical aviation institute, the Volchansk military school of aviation mechanics and the Orlovsk infantry academy.
Finally, investments from the developing world appeared to have played an important stabilizing role.
Angola and Sierra Leone continue to be the backdrop for civilian conflicts that are often financed by the illegal sale of diamonds and other precious resources.
Living organisms communicate, and the information that they exchange shapes their reality.
(a) (i) All new and revised management policies, procedures and internal controls facilitate improved management of programmes and staff
A road-lighting arrangement in which the luminaires are placed along the central reserve of a dual carriageway on T-shaped masts.
The reduced amount reflects the pattern of expenditure experienced during 2004 as well as a downward revision in the number of members assumed not stationed in New York during the biennium 2006-2007.
However, the most recent data from 2004 indicates that a lower percentage of the population is now reporting severe symptoms of anxiety or worry compared to the period of 20022003.
But established agencies do not disappear quietly.
CAT/C/81/Add.2
Somalia
In many locations, the Office provided more advisory services to staff at those locations during the course of the missions than it had in the entire previous year.
9. Recognizes the strategic importance of complementing efforts towards the mainstreaming of the issues related to persons with disabilities, including the perspective of persons with disabilities, inter alia, while considering the allocation of resources;
Recognizing that the enhancement of international cooperation in the field of human rights is essential for the full achievement of the purposes of the United Nations, including the effective promotion and protection of all human rights,
Information on the implementation of Economic and Social Council resolution 2011/35, entitled "International cooperation in the prevention, investigation, prosecution and punishment of economic fraud and identity-related crime", is contained in the annex to document E/CN.15/2013/25.
You ,you, and you, come with me.
Approved resources for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2011 to 30 June 2012 (A/C.5/66/14)
Although it has been suggested that this is the same kind of attack we've defended for years, I urge the Council to realize the truth.
Judgement was delivered on 12 December 2007.
She is not represented by counsel.
34. As for leniency programmes, it is observed that many developing countries with a good record of competition law enforcement, such as Brazil, Chile, the Republic of Korea, South Africa and Turkey have put in place leniency programmes after having successfully prosecuted some cartels.
1963 Vienna Convention on Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage (1963 Vienna Convention)
Climate protection will therefore be a litmus test of the international community's ability to act effectively in the twenty-first century.
With regard to designated internal anti-corruption offices, participating CEB members referred to a number of institutions, ranging from internal audit and oversight bodies, ombudspersons or ethics offices to general service departments responsible for human resources and finance.
Under certain customs, land is not transferrable from one village to another.
"10. Urges Member States to incorporate a gender perspective, commensurate with gender equality goals, into the design, implementation, monitoring and reporting of national development strategies, and in this regard calls upon the United Nations system to support national efforts to develop methodologies and tools and to promote capacity-building and evaluation;
Exercise has a direct bearing on how healthy you are.
A number of educational programmes run for women in the outer islands had raised awareness among teenage girls.
In this regard, the Conference stresses the need to further strengthen the IAEA's technical cooperation activities, to continually enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of the technical cooperation programmes, and to promote activities supporting self-reliance and sustainability, particularly in developing countries in the fields stated.
5. According to the source, Mr. Kassem was subsequently transferred to Abou Za'bal Prison where he remains detained.
The Committee was informed that the increase is a result of the provision of insurance for three helicopters, instead of two for the previous period.
To be familiar with frames and models of strategic planning.
It welcomed the Department's efforts to achieve linguistic parity and to disseminate programmes directly to broadcasting stations and produce and disseminate television news, videos and features to broadcasters all over the world, including etransmissions from the United Nations information centre for the Caribbean.
(d) In Zambia, a theatre/drama production on combating xenophobia.
In addition, UNFICYP had three cases of write-off of communication equipment aggregating $89,130 pending with the Headquarters Property Survey Board for periods from 6 to 20 months.
One expert warned against defining globalization too broadly as this could reduce the relevance of the debate.
Done at Cotonou on 3 April 2007.
The lists of issues were transmitted to the permanent missions of the States concerned with a note requesting written answers, if possible, before 5 August 2005.
Item 2 (a) (vii) of the provisional agenda
" "I am Death," he said. "I spare no one, nor can make an exception with you.
Regular resources -- status of voluntary contributions
The method of juice expressing , mixing and processing of the mixed juice of Laevigata Michx and Rosa roxburghii Tratt was introduced .
We've just got to be consistent and get off to a good start because we don't want to be playing catch- up to Chelsea, Arsenal and Liverpool.
For these uses, alternatives are available or are under development, and PFOS will be replaced relatively quickly.
Years went by, and the giant became very old and weak
Raphael
They groaned at his dirty joke.
Asylum-seeking and refugee children
To the extent possible, the Assembly considered that information thereon should be provided to the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
The construction sector in particular, an important contributor to the economy, is expected to see rapid growth in the coming years, particularly with the expected military expansion.
This is how much warmth I have in my life. I give it all to you.
Table 2. Resource requirements for the Global Mechanism core budget
E. Karemera
These are mostly related to requirements for communications equipment ($1,481,600) for the purchase of satellite and telephone equipment in order to establish a communications network in Somalia.
In its First Report, the Panel adopted the methodologies established by the category "C" Panel in the substantive processing of C4-CPHO and C4-MV losses.
(h) Auslan interpreter provision as required;
 (a) Grant technical cooperation grew throughout the 1993-1994 period at an average rate of just under 4 per cent annually.
It was reported that some 110 students and their teachers fled to the town of Kutum on 22 April.
Institutions and mechanisms of the South, including the Special Unit for Technical Cooperation among Developing Countries, the South Centre in Geneva, and the Centre for South-South Technical Cooperation of the Non-Aligned Movement should be strengthened, with support from the international community, NGOs and the private sector.
Its centrifuge machines could produce enough bomb-usable uranium for about a weapon a year.
Geographical membership has increased, with the following additions: Latvia, Paraguay (1993); Croatia, Monaco (1994); Cyprus, Lithuania (1995); Malaysia, South Africa (1996); Ukraine (1997).
Referring to General Assembly resolution 61/143 on the intensification of efforts to eliminate all forms of violence against women, and the Secretary-General's indepth study on all forms of violence against women, she urged the State party to consider all possible measures for the protection, prevention and prosecution of all forms of violence against women.
Provides a code example that demonstrates how to use the default keyword for type parameters.
:: Higher requirements for international and national staff attributable to the full deployment of the staffing establishment with significantly lower vacancy rates as compared to the 2006/07 period (when the mission started its deployment)
Egypt
Welcoming Mongolia's active and positive role in developing peaceful, friendly and mutually beneficial relations with the States of the region and other States,
2. Specific measures in view of facilitating the testimony of traumatized victims, a child or a victim of sexual violence, in particular:
The meteorite which devastated Tunguska is now estimated to have been about 50 metres across.
If an opinion contrary to your own makes you angry, that is a sign that you are subconsciously aware of having no good reason for thinking as you do.
Lesotho has cooperated on the basis of reciprocity in the absence of a treaty in one case.
The situation is further aggravated by decreased water flows in some major river systems, particularly during the dry season.
Statements were made by the representatives of Spain, the United States, France, Germany, Canada, Japan and Argentina.
emotional difficulties Sometimes emotional problems might lead to serious results.8 disturbance disturb There has been a disturbance in the street sb. has been hurt.
They may also be subject to an additional fine of three times the amount of rent undercharged, while the Housing Authority may also terminate their tenancies irrespective of whether they shall be charged or convicted.
Croatian Football Federation
 Salaries and common staff costs of local staff are based on the local salary scale established for Western Sahara.
That would divert the magma?
An Update was published in 1995 which seeks to use more modern English while preserving the literal nature of the translation.
As the principal part of judicature, judge is the most crucial factor of judicial justice.
It may also be that in substance what Hungary sought to do in 1989-90 (though it never said so in terms) was to suspend those parts of the Treaty of which it disapproved.
He's got a few, uh, nicks and bruises.
The report concerning discrimination of Roma in Sweden from the special assignment carried out by the DO (see para. 51 in the report), presented in 2004, contained a number of proposals, on how to improve the situation for Roma in Sweden.
Malaysia 14th FedRep
Capital: Road Town, located on the largest island, Tortola.
I call on the Government to process all outstanding visa requests without delay, to clear for onward transportation to Darfur the containers of equipment held in Port Sudan, and to allow the mission to operate unimpeded in accordance with the status-of-forces agreement.
Defenders trying to report on human rights situations to human rights mechanisms or international bodies often faced intimidation and reprisals.
(b) Providing operational advice and support to disarmament, demobilization and reintegration and other associated components of Department-led operations and missions led by the Department of Political Affairs as requested and feasible, in coordination with the Department of Political Affairs and other entities within the United Nations Secretariat, as well as United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, in such areas as strategic planning, budgeting, reporting, building institutional partnerships and staffing;
At the time of the investigation, diabetic mice were offered the reagent for two weeks, starting the day before islet transplantation.
Implementation of that goal is to be facilitated by the Sectoral Operational Program - Human Resources Development (SOP HRD).
Help yourself please.
 With this in mind, Sweden is prepared to contribute to improved training of peace-keepers.
It is increasingly difficult to discriminate between pure academic and pure commercial research.
Legislative mechanisms related to protected areas including the use of chemicals in those areas are established in all countries.
Fonterra
Saint Lucia
(ii) Liquidity: ensuring sufficient liquidity to enable the United Nations to readily meet all operating requirements.
'Mr.
The 10 weapons used in this attack were never located.
What exactly am I supposed to say?
It would also require a thoroughgoing reform of the Security Council to make it an inclusive, transparent and democratic organ that reflected the genuine interests of the international community.
The types of courts, their competence, establishment, abrogation, organization and composition, as well as the procedure they follow are regulated by a law adopted by a majority vote of two-thirds of the total number of Members of Parliament.
101. All countries are encouraged to adopt their own national sustainable development financing strategies that take account of all financing flows, based on continuing dialogue among relevant government entities and other stakeholders.
B. Citizens' Associations and Indigenous Peoples Act:
B. Information on the interpretation of legislation based on the Model Law 86 31
The time of parting came, as Luganovitch was appointed president in one of the western provinces.
1. Improving women's access to remunerative employment through:
(Signed) Michelle Dover
4116 Elachi
It is concerned that, although the Child Act (2008) of Southern Sudan and the Southern Kordofan Female Genital Mutilation Act (2008) prohibit and criminalize female genital mutilation, the Child Act (2010) does not prohibit the practice.
This can be illustrated by Iraq's conversion of the SCUD-B missile into the extended range Al Hussein missile and the range extension project for the HY-2.
Mr. Göran Persson
This module maintains the issuance history for each individual asset, ensures that an accurate visibility of mission level stock is available to the Field Administration and Logistics Division and the mission at all times, provides immediate information on the location of all mission assets, disseminates data entry from the property control and inventory unit to the asset managers and supports usage statistics for planning purposes.
This method can accurately measure the sound intensity from coherent sources and high background noise.
Through proper designed plan, high quality cement clinker was obtained by using low grade limestone as raw material. Samples were investigated by petrography analysis (PA) and X-ray diffraction (XRD).
I suddenly discovered that it was too late to catch the last bus.
Iraq is lovely this time of year.
D. Conclusions and recommendations
Jack: You saw a ghost? When?
POST-URUGUAY-ROUND TARIFF PEAKS Even after the implementation of all Uruguay Round tariff concessions, a large number of peak tariffs remain in application in major developed and developing countries.
Tags can fade, rust, or get scratched, making them
More space explorations will be made in the future by the Chinese people.
Light kindles
Section 2 (1) (b) `Case 2' of the Prevention of Money Laundering Regulations, 1994 defines a case of suspicion for the purposes of the Regulations as follows:
Such a move would wreck global climate talks before they got under way.
A. Income and expenditure 16
The Committee takes note of the State party's argument on the particular context of its national security, as well as of its intention to act on the national action plan for conscientious objection devised by the National Human Rights Commission (see paragraph 6.5, supra).
Measures taken to improve the management and efficiency of the Office of the Prosecutor
I hated it and asked you how it was that time moved so slowly.
Based on that evidence we are launching these promising initiatives.
“These must not be treated as nuclear disarmament talks,” said one foreign ministry official.
Monaco
3. CEDAW expressed concerned that Botswana had not incorporated the Convention into its domestic law.
Achievement indicators
For the final text, see Council decision 1993/301.
The Government pays the interest on the loans while the borrowers are pursuing their full—time studies and, in the case of loans negotiated prior to 1 August 1993, for six months after the completion of studies.
22. In accordance with article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and rule 65 of the Committee's amended rules of procedure, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on the implementation of the recommendations made by the Committee in paragraphs 7, 9 and 14, above, within one year of the adoption of the present concluding observations.
Against a typical misunderstanding, the Special Rapporteur would also like to emphasize that a respectful attitude does not require avoiding sensitive issues - for instance the situation of women - or even putting a taboo around such issues.
 (d) Take into consideration the effects on ecologically related species with a view to maintaining or restoring populations of associated or dependent species above levels at which their reproduction may become seriously threatened;
Question 13 102 - 104 31
(e) Amendments to the staff rules (A/59/213 and Add.1);
The next day the hare came again and ate cabbages, so the woman said to her daughter, "Go to the garden, and chase the hare away.
We may also address questions such as the choices we have as to the mechanisms for its entry into force; the advantages and disadvantages of a date of expiry; whether or not to provide for its renewal and for permanent organisms to supervise its implementation, and so forth.
We used to believe that war was inevitable and imminent.
The debate raging 10 years ago about China’s rapid growth – whether it represents a danger or an opportunity – has now settled into broad agreement that wider regional development would be impossible without it.
Freedom of parties to agree to the enforcement procedure
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/54/L.29
D. Cleaner and Sustainable Industrial Development
Applicant: Thank you. I will follow whatever rules you have here.
2.4.4 Toxicity in terrestrial mammals
Recommendation 16
1. The mountain is half as high as Mount Tai
At its 44th plenary meeting, the Governing Council, on the recommendation of the Secretary-General, appointed Mr. Rafael Rivas-Posada as Commissioner for the panel for claims in category A, filling the post left vacant after the death of Mr. Jos Mar Ruda.
It was maintained that the notion of "injured State" on first reading was clearer and more direct than the notion of a "State entitled to invoke responsibility", especially in connection with serious breaches.
It was also the year that white racists placed a bomb in a Birmingham, Alabama church, and killed four young girls during a Sunday service.
Children were observed as they slowly grasped -- or, as the case might be, bumped into -- concepts that adults take for granted, as they refused, for instance, to concede that quantity is unchanged as water pours from a short stout glass into a tall thin one.
1. At its informal consultations on 24 June 2005, the Committee resumed its consideration of the report of the Secretary-General on priority-setting (A/59/87) .
EEC (ECHO) Trust Fund for Temporary Shelter for the Poor and Vulnerable Groups in Bhuj City of Kutch District in Gujarat
The General Assembly,
Agenda item 89
Budget methodology and presentation 4-8 3
Moreover, given that the wrong suffered by the complainant clearly falls under article 16 of the Convention, which requires criminal redress, civil and administrative remedies alones would not have provided sufficient redress.
5. No provision of this Article may be construed as authorizing any attacks against the civilian population, civilians or civilian objects.
So some important steps are being taken, but there are others that cannot be taken until the new treaty enters into force.
24. Concerning the item "Deportation of Palestinians and other Israeli practices, among them the massive immigration and settlement of Jews in all occupied territories in violation of international law, particularly the Fourth Geneva Convention of 1949", which has been on the agenda of AALCO since 1989, the AALCO secretariat paper submitted at the 2000 Cairo session called for implementation of the General Assembly and Security Council resolutions on the subject as well as other agreements signed between the various parties to ensure the establishment of just and lasting peace in the Middle East region.
To request the Secretariat and invite the World Meteorological Organization to continue their cooperation with regard to activities funded by the Trust Fund;
1.15 - 3 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room C
If woman the horizontal diaphragm that can stick him, this male's height not agree with up to standard.
-Ho-ho. -chas, let me
Loss or gain on exchange
The response of the Government of Israel had been to send troops to invade Palestinian cities and refugee camps in the West Bank.
(b) From a State non-Party to whom it has provided its written consent and that has provided certification that the mercury or mercury compounds are not from sources identified in paragraph 3 or paragraph 5 (b) of this Article, and only for the purpose of:
However this does not mean that a gender perspective is placed at the centre of all policies and programmes affecting women's health.
CAT
402. The Committee commends the State party for its fifth and sixth periodic reports, which comply with the Committee's guidelines for the preparation of reports.
I don t want any standard script nor any copy.
UNAIDS, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, which has seven co-sponsors (UNICEF, UNDP, UNFPA, UNDCP, UNESCO, WHO and World Bank), advocates for worldwide action against HIV/AIDS.
18.15 It is anticipated that the consultations which have taken place among the thematic clusters of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs will contribute to enhanced coordination and increased collaboration in major common work areas of the United Nations Secretariat dealing with economic and social development.
- Converting former test-site infrastructure and scientific and technical capacity at former military complexes;
The list of programme elements with high and low priority was provided in the annex to the introduction of the programme budget.
Tokashiki, Okinawa
Mark  Cierzniak , for putting up with my sometimes less - than - perfect writing.
Tests showed that C - RAM a 60 percent shoot - down capability.
89. In response to paragraphs 2(a), (b), (c) and (f), the secretariat has undertaken incremental measures to enhance the accessibility of facilities and services at ESCAP.
Sub-paragraph 2(f)
What I have been looking for in my work is actually the Alpha, the source from which everything emerges, from which everything springs.
Jamala
This would lead to a gradual reduction of the backlog to 59 and 46 reports at the end of 2006 and 2007, respectively.
National Basketball Association players with retired numbers
The Labour Department will continue to provide a wide range of employment services and step up publicity on various employment programmes. In particular, we will strengthen our efforts in organising job fairs in remote districts.
(b) Improving access to productive resources and infrastructure;
31. In the Russian Federation, the Constitution guarantees equality of rights and freedoms of Russian citizens, independent of their religion (art. 19, part 2).
Lissen: some dam fine day him get mad like hell and den him chew dat Spitz all up and spit him out on de snow.
The Chair stated that supporting a model of active ageing also implied collectively allowing older persons to fully exercise and demand respect for their rights.
He's ditched his girl friend.
There was a severe shortage of a range of antibiotics in almost all the health facilities.
(CEDAW/C/KNA/1-4)
But we must also look forward at the medium and long term.
Imagine trying to balance a chest of drawers on just one of its legs, on top of a boulder, and you get an idea of what Gray gets up to.
It will also depend on the dynamics of international co - operation, especially technology transfer.
Project activities cover separately identified undertakings relating to international drug control that directly assist recipient organizations.
In the film . a little boy named Andy loves to be in his room. playing with his toys, especially his doll named Woody .
This reflects a realignment and strengthening of functions at field offices that offer opportunity for income growth, mainly in Latin America.
Nicaragua
The boss asked me to look over the draft plans.
Article 35 Citizens of the People's Republic of China enjoy freedom of speech, of the press, of assembly, of association, of procession and of demonstration.
There are regular acts of intimidation and extortion and arbitrary arrests of civilians.
International cooperation was strong in relation to the surveillance of routes used by traffickers, but many countries remained silent.
rape
And two,all you gotta do is give me the address and we avoid all this melodrama altogether.
Yang Yo-seob
Reaffirming this position, we wish to draw your attention to the negative reaction which the population concerned may have with respect to an approach which they will surely regard as reflecting a desire to eliminate the largest number of persons among them and to persist in eliminating authentic Saharans.
The name of each State Party shall be called in any roll-call, and its representative shall reply "yes", "no" or "abstention".
S/2005/556
The Sudan also supported the "Convention Plus" initiative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
 Other procedures are also under review to accelerate the processing of pledges at headquarters, the issuance of programme budget allotments to field offices and the preparation of financial statements to donors.
- Establishment of national focal points which may enhance international and national coordination in order to promote flows of scientific data and information.
In addition, UNEP launched its en.lighten initiative (www.enlighten-initiative.org/), which provides guidance and promotes steps to achieve the accelerated global phase-out of inefficient incandescent lamps by 2016.
( Lend me your notes.s not the point.
10 a.m. 8th meeting Conference Room 2
Matrix is a flexible, one-stop shop investment-linked insurance plan that combines the features of insurance, savings and investment to meet all your different needs at every stage of life.
– Additional Protocol No. 1 to amend the Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules relating to International Carriage by Air 1996 (1975), entered into force on 15 February: 41;
:: Security presentations to 2 sessions of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations
Who is wearing violet today? Violet today.
A number of conventions and recommendations have been adopted by the Committee of Ministers, more specifically the Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings (2005), the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine (1997), the Additional Protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, on Transplantation of Organs and Tissues of Human Origin. There were also recommendations relating to the issue: Recommendation No. 94 on human tissue banks, Recommendation No. 97 on liver transplantation from living related donors, and Recommendation No. 5 on the management or organ transplant waiting lists and waiting times.
The Global Environment Outlook is the flagship of integrated environmental assessment and reporting within UNEP.
Because of the inability of the Security Council and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to adopt that resolution, Israel continues to challenge the international community by continuing its military nuclear programmes and by its refusal to adhere to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and to subject its nuclear facilities and activities to IAEA supervision.
In fact, the complainant, through his relatives, has repeatedly made known his desire for the fullest possible defence of his interests.
The Human Rights Council,
May I ask you a favor? I would be obliged if you could provide us with a brochure which lists all your products.
Single Edit
:: Activities of the Regional Procurement Office in Entebbe (2013/07)
 Nevertheless, we are heartened to note some recent positive developments in disarmament.
The last total lunar eclipse until 2010 occurs Wednesday night.
B : Our price calculation could hardly admit that.
"Are you satisfied with your experiment, girls, or do you want another week of it?
Trained 180 Special Police Unit members
Or demography?
[24 October 2011]
A tiny asterisk conducted me to a footnote at the bottom of the page.
Legal system and administration of justice
EOC has been applied to land cover classification and cartography, while OSMI has been utilized for calibration/validation of data, atmospheric correction and oceanography.
We hope that Michael can learn from this incident and move forward in a positive way.The US Olympic Committee also expressed disappointment in the swimmer, who on January 22 was named the USOC's Sportsman of the Year for making Olympic history in Beijing by collecting the most golds won by any athlete at a single Games, giving him a career total of 14 golds.We are disappointed in the behavior recently exhibited by Michael Phelps.Michael is a role model, and he is well aware of the responsibilities and accountability that come with setting a positive example for others, particularly young people.
172. Women's participation in political life had consistently increased since the 1990s and women now held 25 per cent of the seats in Parliament, putting the State party above the European average.
672. In the compartment, the impartial participant told me his counterpart' s departure..
V. Assistance to the Palestinian people
19. CEDAW was concerned at widespread poverty among women, in particular among women heads of households.
The paragraphs below outline activities undertaken to implement those decisions as well as technical assistance activities carried out in those areas.
Female Non-UN Table 3: Pass rates of candidates presented to the RCAC (2006-2012)
In the absence of Mr. Wali (Nigeria), Mr. Koudelka (Czech Republic), Vice-Chairman, took the Chair.
Where, then, does that leave the Cameron government’s supposed extirpation of Big Brother?
Still, further attention should be placed on the situation of indigenous peoples in the Asia region in the coming years.
She has a steady income.
On 3 January 1980, a number of Member States requested an urgent meeting of the Security Council to consider the situation in Afghanistan and its implications for international peace and security.
This led to many moments when I became absorbed in Picasa Web Albums and looked there for editing tools before remembering I needed to return to Picasa 3 to touch up photos.
Nowadays, most fathers sit in glass buildings doing things that are incomprehensible to children.
All of these women are single.
   " Couple of years ago, every one thought this was pie-in-the-sky, Star Wars stuff," says Dr. Gerald Chader, an ophthalmologist and chief science officer for the Foundation Fighting Blindness.
As a common understanding of the technical scope of the field and of the typology of offences within it is developed, however, more reliable data should become available.
WFP Strategic Plan (2014-2017)
Unfortunately, black women, women in rural areas and women with disabilities are most acutely affected and bear the brunt of this unequal legacy in all aspects of life.
8 Cited by Vandemoortele, ibid.
Countries that manage to maintain domestic interest rates which are lower than the interest rate paid by the reserves (such as China) are actually making a net gain from reserve accumulation.
This summer, such systems helped seal a BP well a mile below thethe Gulf of Mexico.
Adding to the suspense, the government bodies with an interest in the case cannot agree on a common position.
This Foulon was at the Hotel de Ville, and might be loosed.
At last it is beginning to resemble a government endeavouring to wield power.
60. All individuals share the same human dignity and have an equal right to protection.
In our view, the provisions in this part are not mature, and many view points need to be further discussed.
AfP 6.5-6.
These items concerns the substantials of the treaty.
"Steve is very focused on people he can connect to emotionally, " a recruiter present at the meeting later said.
These technologies, in combination with the geospatial integration of multiple streams of data, can layer information on interactive maps that can be viewed on smart phones.
Point to the vertical bar between the Address and City column headers and double - click.
The meeting was called to order at 10.05 a.m.
2002-2003: 90 per cent of countries indicating usefulness of advisory services and projects
Letter dated 20 October 1999 (S/1999/1095) from the representative of Canada addressed to the President of the Security Council, transmitting a letter from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Canada to the President of the Security Council, enclosing the concluding statement of the special meeting of the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group on the Harare Declaration, held in London on 18 October 1999.
Public information programmes.
1. The agenda was adopted.
A better qualified workforce was also crucial, so the European Union encouraged countries in transition to increase spending on higher education, vocational training and continuous skills upgrading.
2. Calls upon the administering Power to continue to assist the territorial Government in the economic and social development of the Territory, including measures to rebuild financial management capabilities and strengthen other governmental functions of the Government of the Territory, and welcomes the assistance from the administering Power to the Territory in its recovery efforts following the recent floods;
This product is suitable for all skin types and its refreshing nature is especially fit for oily skin around the eyes which can be easily dehydrated.
2. The present report is submitted pursuant to that request.
She took Kelly and her parents to visit a lot of places in London, like the Tower of London, the British Museum, and Buckingham Palace
You will soon understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back
UNODC also led discussions to obtain views on the establishment of a network of central authorities and prosecutors of other West African countries.
In 2012, 99 UNFPA country offices reported the provision of significant support to national HIV programmes.
The total number of prisoners received during 2000 was 218 with a daily average prison population of 19 persons.
By the end of 2003, Tibet had 1,011 schools of various types and levels and 2,020 teaching centers, with a total of 453,400 students, the enrolment proportion of primary schools rising to 91.8 percent and the illiteracy rate dropping to less than 30 percent.
This conclusion is some value to reasonably choose test condition and decrease heat rate.
2. Adnan Ghassan Abu Libda (19)
P. Zigiranyirazo
Any property seized must be taken before a court and is to be retained pending trial (section 652)
Avoid buying longan with unreasonably low price
Grézolles
And, you know, my responsibility through the years as a coach was to make decisions, to motivate people, to have a game plan, to stick to the game plan, be organized, get the most out of every minute of every day, and all of those same principles, you know, are the same things that you teach in the restaurant business.
The process of transforming cipher text into plain text.
President Mwai Kibaki, whom international observers accuse of rigging the vote, has hinted at a plan to share power in a unity government, but opposition leader Raila Odinga has heard these promises before.
The Fund must be enabled to achieve maximum impact and value added in countries where peacebuilding support was most needed; he looked forward to receiving suggestions from the Peacebuilding Commission in that regard.
46. The vision of the Government through the Ministry of Health is the improved status of Malawians through the provision of effective, efficient and safe health care.
On 29 January 2003, the military court sentenced Commander Albert Kifwa Mukuna to a term of imprisonment of 12 months and ordered him to pay damages of 250,000 Congolese francs (the equivalent of US$ 400).
Member States appearing before the Committee
81. But authoritative decisions in the area of international environment law are scarce enough.
The AGBM will conclude its work at its eighth session in October 1997.
A seminar on human rights in relation to indigenous issues.
He had evidently taken my body for that of the wolf.
Responses of Finland to the recommendations/conclusions**
In recording the conversation with him, the U. S. cable has no mention of the words democracy, human rights, or fair trials.
Cultural innovation is an important fruit of human civilization progress and cultural exchange is a vital force behind such progress.
 Recently, new claims have emerged for recognizing another group and making it eligible for membership in the Authoritative Council.
While there are some commonalities between evaluation and programme performance audit, evaluation is distinct from inspection, investigation and financial and compliance audit.
What type of movies you like? I like Action movie and comedy.
The resolutions call for stricter controls on the availability of weapons and for the incorporation of certain criteria, which would make the transfer of arms contingent on recipients respecting international humanitarian law, into global norms on arms transfers.
More than 55,000 primary school teachers have been engaged in this campaign since 1993.
The enterprise of Beijing area can get online system of information of inquiry company credit.
The Inspectors note that the Regional Commissions are indeed active in this area.
Plato said: time like a river, is unable to forget left, right is worth grasp among youth, swift flow, is the sad young faint.
Regular liaison with civilian authorities and engagement with local communities in the area of separation through the relevant Syrian authorities to improve the understanding of the mandate, role and activities of UNDOF
Gross requirements
And there will always be violent people who break the laws.
Special event on the theme "Breaking the cycle of poverty: Challenges and opportunities for the LDCs" (organized by UN-OHRLLS, under the auspices of the International Forum on the Eradication of Poverty)
13. Reference was also made to the issue of incoherence in the policy advice provided by IMF, i.e., its article one on full employment.
Given the limitations of the New Delhi work programme outlined in paragraph 54 above, participants considered how the work programme could be enhanced from a SIDS point of view.
In 1953, Nyasaland became part of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, which comprised the territories of Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) and Northern Rhodesia (Zambia).
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda item 20.
8. AI underscored that during the first UPR in 2008, Mali had supported most of the recommendations with regard to women's rights concerns and that it stated that a Personal and Family Code repealing all discriminations against women was to be tabled in Parliament in 2008.
On a Dane’s breakfast plate you’ll often find rye bread, cheeses, salami, ham, paté, honey, jam and sometimes even thin ‘plates’ of chocolate.
"I've only been in town two days.
○ "CEDAW Training Workshop", Almati, Kazakhstan, February 2001.
Lime Village, Alaska
Well,maybe I can at least get her phone number.
The study, one of the largest of its kind, comes at a time when more employers, schools and other institutions are paying people to do everything from lose weight to improve their grades.
We thought that, as British culture tends to oppose any type of compulsion, the fans would resist a policy.
Promote consistency, transparency and predictability;
Several concerns have been expressed with regard to the coverage of television broadcasting.
The HR Committee and CERDcalled on Portugal to ensure that all cases of alleged torture, ill-treatment and disproportionate use of force by police officers are fully, promptly and impartially investigated, that those found guilty are punished, and that compensation is provided to the victims or their families.
90. Collective experience with HIV/AIDS has evolved to the point where it is now possible to state with confidence that it is technically, politically and financially feasible to contain HIV/AIDS and dramatically reduce its spread and impact.
In its first phase, the road map provided for a rapid restructuring of the Central African Republic security forces, so as to enable them to contribute towards ensuring security in Bangui and policing, through joint patrols with MISCA elements.
China is reforming its policy, as a part of a move to a more market-determined exchange rate.
It is not my normal business.
  People overseas are saying that Singapore is a clean, safe, stable and a wonderful place to live.
- Establish child-friendly school environment through comprehensive packages of assistance including safe water and sanitation facilities with separate toilets for boys and girls, school feeding, or food for schooling (take-home ration) and first aid and referral services.
The context of the assessment
Constitutional, legal and political issues
(iii) KOMPSAT-2 data commercialization;
The sharing and exchange of information between States and within the international criminal justice community is an essential step in building effective crime-prevention strategies based on a comparative perspective. D. Questions for discussion
Apart from Hong Kong and Singapore, where international investment banks still control the market, local brokerages tend to arrange most deals in other countries.
The opening chapter is darkly entitled The End of the World.
FAO, ILO, UNAIDS, UNDP, UNFPA, UNHCR, UNICEF, UN-Women, WHO
Prompt and impartial investigations into allegations of such unlawful treatment are not known to have been ordered by any authority;
Talysh and Tapgaragoyunlu villages (Goranboy district, Azerbaijan)
The cup of life Ricky Marti
8. Also welcomes the invitation to the Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants and the Special Rapporteur on the right to education;
I. Introduction 1 - 3 3
:: 10 persons are currently on trial, and 4 trials involving 10 accused will have started in the second half of 2003
Of the nine States parties requesting technical assistance to support the implementation of article 49 of the Convention, the types of assistance requested were: model agreements or arrangements, a summary of good practices and lessons learned (seven States); capacity-building programmes (seven States); on-site assistance by an anti-corruption expert (three States); and other assistance in the form of capacity-building through networks and informal interactions, as well as training (i.e. expertise, foreign language) for public officials and, in particular, public security forces (two States).
9. Ms. Gae Luna (Indonesia) expressed her delegation's support for the Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent since they still faced major challenges throughout the world, especially in tackling social inequality, economic disadvantages and environmental degradation.
Furthermore, it may give the scientific basis for making land use plan.
You 3)barely have a drink and a dance and then 4)boom you want an answer about the rest of my life.Mick: Alright, OK.
Yemen
But in the light of all that has happened, whether central banks should be above politics is a question that needs a fundamental rethink.
Priority actions within the project scope to mitigate health and safety risks are listed in paragraph 24 (a) to (h) of his report.
Pain, resentment, guilt, anger, and fear… all of these feelings bubble up inside of us when we think back on our mistakes or the mistakes of those dear to us.
The Agency continued rehabilitation of Jenin camp with a grant of $27 million from the UAE Red Crescent Society.
The third part has put forward the basis of range of water district of Xiang River bank of Changsha and defines the concrete range.
In the absence of any official language, minority languages other than Romany, whose codified version the Romanies had not yet accepted, enjoyed equal status with the Czech language.
e The General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/45, noted with satisfaction that, in accordance with paragraph 9 of Assembly resolution 52/56, the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-first session, had reviewed further its requirements for unedited verbatim transcripts and agreed to continue the use of those transcripts.
Radio and television services to delegations, correspondents and broadcasting organizations
20 November: in Kitshanga, rape of the wife of Reverend Karufandi by 20 soldiers.
The municipal responsible department shall complete the examination within 30 days from the date of receiving all the necessary application materials.
They commended the serious efforts undertaken in this regard by the Government of the Arab Republic of Egypt, the League of Arab States and all other concerned regional parties.
). Further information about these products can be obtained by calling the Hongkong Post Philatelic Bureau hotline on 2785 5711.
Guan and Zhang had nothing more to say , But they walked away sneeringly.
Just what kind of democracy is being practised by the EU when the only outcome of a vote that is ever acceptable to Brussels is a yes (see )?
Friday, 3 December
A.19.41 The resources available for activities under subprogramme 8, as well as those for subprogramme 9, were previously considered under subprogramme 7, Environmental and land resource sustainability, in the biennium 2000-2001.
The working group would be requested to prepare a background paper on the proposed general recommendation for discussion by the Committee at its forty-fourth session.
The functions of the working group should include considering:
Don't forget that I don't thrive without lots of love and understanding, but I don't need to tell you, do I
To encourage the private sector to set up venture capital funds for small and medium-size companies;
abstract: Atherosclerotic stenosis or blocking is one of the major causes of posterior circulation cerebral infarction.
(b) Continue to support the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and regional development banks' schemes and facilities to provide concessional lending and grants to least developed countries, in accordance with these institutions' own rules and procedures.
27. In total, contractors state that almost $38 million has been spent on environmental work.
While real wages were up by 0.7% in the United States (versus 2.2% in 2015), they stagnated in Europe, where small increases in some countries were offset by declines in France, Germany, Italy, and Spain.
9. The Secretariat and the Working Group cooperated to create a prototype website in support of the elections process.
17. Figure I illustrates the expenditure of the Office of the Capital Master Plan to 31 March 2013 against the consolidated budget, including the levels of commitment authority approved by the General Assembly to enable the project to continue spending.
Scope for destruction at the observation site:
Mr. Bakuramutsa (Rwanda): My delegation would like to thank the Secretary-General for his report of 29 February 1996 on the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda.
In July, a Rolling Stone article compared Goldman to a 'great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity. '
I'm a big believer in the concept of synchronicity, or as more commonly put, "everything happens for a reason. "
Ordinance No. 84-06 of 1 March 1984 on associations provides that associations must be declared and authorized before they begin their activities.
The Commission also requested the Executive Director of UNODC to report to the Commission at its fifty-sixth session on progress made with respect to the activities described in that resolution.
She dare not try the doors, lest the dogs should raise an alarm; she visited the empty chambers and examined their windows; and, luckily, lighting on her mother's, she got easily out of its lattice, and on to the ground, by means of the fir tree close by.
A humanitarian intervention which started out with so much promise and solid, all-round support has been marred by escalating military conflict, the killing of peace-keeping troops and the rise in casualties among the civilian population, including women and children.
I had been traveling around the world for fourteen years teaching courses, and I had never missed a plane.
Optimism and esteem are of the best indicators of people who lead happy lives.
121. Reports should also indicate:
Jas WenYi and dry city the main difference is the point in distillation apparatus and the process.
And Jesus said to them, "Do you suppose that these Galileans were greater sinners than all other Galileans because they suffered this fate
Furthermore, the court sentenced her son to life imprisonment without examining the key criminal charge against him during the court hearings, in breach of article 14, paragraph 2, of the Covenant.
Secretary Clinton, in accepting the Roosevelt Institute's Four Freedoms Award, remarked that today, despite facing different adversaries and battles, those rights are no less relevant and those freedoms no less precious.
Eastern European States
The prototype dates back to a report by the Stanford Research Institute;1 it reappeared in slightly modified form in 1979 and in 1989.
The extension request report shall be submitted at least 12 months before the meeting of the Conference of Parties that takes place before the expiry date.
Please hurry up or well be late.She was so jealous that she became desperate.Jealousy drove her to despair.
In the ensuing discussion, the observer reiterated his organization's belief that the role of the Committee in determining whether the criteria for inclusion had been met, as spelled out in Annex II, necessitated that it had access to all underlying data: accordingly, at least the core elements, if not the full text, of the risk evaluations should be made available to its members.
39. Guerrilla groups continued taking hostages.
Report of the Secretary-General on unilateral economic measures as a means of political and economic coercion against developing countries
The majority of those who fled were in the Pristina and southern Mitrovica regions (42% and 40%, respectively), but displacement affected all regions of Kosovo.
The following panellists participated in the session:
This is not to say that individuals who are more indirectly affected, for example, through loss of family members in a disaster or who suffered economic loss owing to a disaster elsewhere, would be without remedy.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 30 August 2002.
189. Basic Agreement concerning Assistance by the United Nations Development Programme to the Government of South Africa (with exchange of letters), of 3 October 1994, South Africa -- United Nations (United Nations Development Programme), United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1828, No. 31260.
The Danish Immigration Service determines whether a person has been exposed to trafficking as an administrative decision after referral of the said person by the Danish Police.
1582 in Asia
By some estimates, publicly owned assets account for as much as one-quarter of the total market value of real estate in a city or county.
What is needed, therefore, is a mechanism that would guarantee not only the effective suppression of war crimes and crimes against humanity, but also the administration of justice and an all-out campaign against impunity.
WhatYouWhatYouAreISasImportantas It was a sunny Saturday afternoon in Oklahoma City.
Indoor air quality (IAQ) is the important lesson of the current air condition system.
What effects has this incident had on the world from then on?
In Britain, more than six decades after the Great Smog of 1952, PM2.5 pollution levels still persistently exceed WHO guidelines.
Remittance made in Hong Kong will be converted from Hong Kong Dollars to US Dollars equivalent and then remitted to Japan. The currency to be collected by recipients is Yen.
The hard fought triumph saw good action from Rossoneri players Nesta and Gilardino as well.
89. It is difficult to judge the merit of individual strategic responses from such a simple question.
Thls case has reference meaning for those managers who will to strength human resource management and be brave in the reform heman resource development to buit corporate culture and improve the enterprise competence.
The urgent measures adopted at the global level and the commitment made by States to cooperate, in good faith, in order to combat the financing of terrorist networks and organizations should be effectively translated into action through a sustained effort to weaken the destructive capacities of terrorist organizations and dry up their sources of funding.
Globalization and interdependence [item 21]
The General Committee took note of the information contained in paragraph 56 of the memorandum dealing with guidelines for the allocation of items.
(b) No action after receipt of staff member's comments on the allegations
Owing to internal structural difficulties, national war crimes prosecutions continue to face challenges.
Give us hard tummies behind the cummerbund and long swimmer's muscles under the hound's tooth so that we may enjoy our long life.
Under this model, the commission of a crime involving (the threat of) serious violence is a necessary, but not a sufficient, condition for the use of lethal force.
Today, just about half of the oldest old live in developing countries; however, that share is expected to reach 69 per cent in 2050.
China
Statements were made by representatives of three Parties, including one on behalf of AOSIS and one on behalf of the LDCs.
He grasped both my hands. 267.
Her sensible bottom line when I ask her if being a woman has been a political disadvantage?
73. Mr. Pecsteen (Belgium), referring to the questions posed by the Commission to member States (A/59/10, para. 25) said, in answer to question (a), that the responsibility of international organizations vis-à-vis their member States should not be dealt with as such in the context of the current study.
11 September 2012
 The system is the fruit of a slow process of change.
Cinema of Germany
It is in that same constructive spirit that we should now focus on the items that have been on its agenda for the last two years, namely, practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional arms and ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
3 p.m.- 6 p.m.
Finally, the sparrow was shot by an exterminator with an air rifle.
Several experts questioned the usefulness of seeking to develop model mining codes.
(iii) Additional fine-tuning of existing reports is under way and the Financial Resources Management Service is taking ownership of the reports to make sure that they are updated and provide correct information.
I wanna taIk about this with you.
The European Union stands ready to play an active part there.
The fact that it occurred in one of China's most advanced cities has triggered concerns about construction standards nationwide.
"Where did you go this morning?
While $5,500 and hour may sound high, not all of that goes to the woman
Overall, the figure has risen from approximately 7 per cent in 2003 to approximately 44 per cent in 2009.
Not only this has restricted the Shandong Province region economy harmonious development simultaneously is also restricting human resources'own construction and the development.
6. The scale of the problem posed by ERW and, in particular, the threat which ERW pose to the civilian population (a threat which frequently lingers long after the end of active hostilities), has been the subject of numerous studies.
The prosperity of the U.S. economy would disappear
Press Gang : Convert an unskilled captive to a pirate of rather inferior quality.
Those factors accounted for over 2.9 million internally displaced persons, primarily scattered throughout the eastern region due to insecurity.
As a spill-over effect of this tendency, donors more and more often question the application of the 13 per cent PSC rate, and insist on the 7 per cent rate also for their bilateral trust funds.
76. In accordance with its mandate, the Working Group endeavoured to identify key issues of concern and possible consensus, to examine the current status of implementation of those issues and either to take action or to indicate possible further action to be taken on them.
And is an international standard of construction machinery, automotive pipe joints, and other manufacturing enterprises.
Target 2014-2015: 153,000
Mental status examination
(q) Publication (English), with funding from UNICEF New York and Rissho Kosei-Kai Peace Fund in Japan of CHILDHOPE's Directory of Organizations Working with Street Children in Asia, 1995;
Wearing blue jeans skirt rocks, pure and fresh quietly elegant makeup, bring a cool for scorching summer.
The report was jointly prepared by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).
Educator Xiong Bingqi said this issue should arouse reflection around the education circle and society as a whole.
27th meeting
We are the intellectual descendants of archimedes.
The moves continued to sharpen the country's clash over whether Mr. Mubarak would resign.
High proportion of economic barter
In addition, an officer can apply for no-pay leave to accompany his/her spouse who is on overseas duty or study.
Where do you think? With Sue.
2003-2005 Member of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
26 October 1994a Greece
SMAP×SMAP
123. J.A., a 14-year-old Yogo, and her brother had fled from Bunia in August because of the conflict between the Hema and Lendu.
I repulsed her kindness.
Ville-sous-Anjou
National Assembly of People's Power of the Republic of Cuba
In this structure, the Minister of Justice may also remain in charge of organizational matters and budget management.
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination
Operative paragraph 4 was retained by 152 votes to none, with 22 abstentions.
It also participates in two major trade programmes designed to promote export-oriented manufacturing: the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and the Generalized System of Preferences.
He halfway surrendered to their demands.
It might sound as if listening to this album would require a constant attention, and a scrutiny of fine details and nuances.
The synchronous fluorescence spectra of myoglobin were studies for the first time.
Contributions in 2002
Firemen are followed by soldiers, populating the dreams of 28 percent of women, businessmen (27 percent), doctors (26 percent), and footballers (20 percent).
As the rest of the report will show, this aspect of people's empowerment is closely linked to social integration and poverty eradication.
Management response: Relevant and acceptable, response already initiated.
Long time no touch and how are you these days?
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly noted with concern the many aspects of the complex problems posed by refugees and displaced persons in Africa, including the root causes of their flight; welcomed the efforts being made in numerous quarters, including those of the countries of asylum, as well as the attention given to those issues by the Organization of African Unity, and called for continued support from the international community in meeting needs and finding appropriate solutions, including in the case of displaced persons; and requested the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report on assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa to the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/77).
It also requested details on the sum proposed for quick-impact reintegration-related projects.
...  (  UV ) and visible light emit from Si 27.64 C 15.77 N 49.63 O 6.96 film annealed at 1200℃ in hydrogen gas.
The Hague Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation
As to the fact that the victims' testimony was considered to constitute evidence, the Court maintained that the testimony constituted sufficient evidence and that its content was sufficiently incriminating to set aside the presumption of innocence in respect of the author.
Capacity-building has been incorporated in its subprogrammes on food and agriculture, human health, water resources, protection of the marine and terrestrial environment, nuclear power and fuel cycles.
In addition, in a letter dated 1 April 2013 addressed to the Chair of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, the Controller informed the Advisory Committee of the establishment of extrabudgetary positions at the D-1 level and above that were on the basis of when-actually-employed contracts or contracts whose duration did not exceed 12 months, for which the approval of the Committee was not required. During the period from
His grandfather Prince Philip served in the Royal Navy during World War II.
In order to make it a reality, the women's human rights groups, NGDOs and the respective governmental organizations, including WAO, cooperated with each other in their best effort.
Italy is committed to ratifying the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture once a relevant independent national preventive mechanism will be put in place.
You will have to wear and life jacket in case the raft gets upside down.
Although some ad hoc solutions to the resource problem have been found, they tend to rely heavily on the individual abilities of the resident coordinator and they are not system-wide.
Even if you use the data only briefly, this is still a situation where using objects to represent your data makes a lot of sense.
I am also grateful to all of the women and men of UNISFA for their sustained efforts to promote peace and stability in the Abyei Area in what are often arduous and challenging conditions.
Five new methodologies to promote energy efficiency and one to encourage renewable energy project activities were developed in the reporting period.
Note by the secretariat
The ring portion of the plug has a rough step versus the taper found in the standard plugs.
African countries, in particular, have been hard hit by the exports contraction resulting from the crisis.
While Mr. Nanayakkara welcomed structural reforms like the Lokpal to curb graft in the country, he said they were not enough.
The General Assembly resumed its consideration of sub-items (e) and (f) of agenda item 56.
This accounts for 13 per cent of the total units constructed during the same period (7,243,000 units).
And she gets real excited about fondue date night.
28. Egypt encouraged both UNICEF and ILO to continue their cooperation with developing countries on child labour and appreciated their efforts thus far.
[30 June 2009]
He expressed deep concern about the deteriorating humanitarian situation and the risk of regionalization and even internationalization of the crisis.
Rick van den Hurk
Then, more than security over crowded.
We acknowledge the following:
Voskepar
In the past few months our customers have started to be unsure about the safety of Toyota vehicle , and I take the full responsibility for that.
Recalling its resolutions 58/5 of 3 November 2003, 59/10 of 27 October 2004, its decision to proclaim 2005 the International Year for Sport and Physical Education, to strengthen sport as a means to promote education, health, development and peace, its resolutions 60/1 of 16 September 2005, 60/9 of 3 November 2005, 61/10 of 3 November 2006, and 62/271 of 4 August 2008,
The Pentagon is also fast expanding its intelligence role.
Nor have local and national power structures been favourable to the empowerment of indigenous peoples.
Ask a graduate. To realize the value of one year:Ask a student who has failed a final exam.
90. As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General (A/55/780, para. 14), the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was prepared before the strategy was defined and reflects only the known requirements already identified within each department; subsequent resource requirements that may not be accommodated through the redeployment of existing resources will be brought to the attention of the General Assembly separately.
with respect to real right, it was proposed to distinguish the ownership based on chattel and real estate;
The present structure of the report of the Secretary-General on the coordination of space-related activities within the United Nations system, as revised by the Inter-Agency Meeting at its session in 2003 (see A/AC.105/791, annex III) was reviewed by the Meeting.
3. Streamlining the creation of vacancy announcements:
A further strengthening of the scientific peer review process for the Global Environment Outlook;
New York, 16 June-3 July 2008
You'll be held personally responsible.
Table 72. Campaign Bulletins Produced in Braille (Local Election on June 2, 2010)
On 20 December 2011, in Butembo, Congolese National Police personnel arrested five UDPS members and two Union pour la nation congolaise members for criticizing the electoral process in public.
Those obligations include both what may be termed (following the work of the International Law Commission) obligations of conduct and obligations of result.
 Examples of such efforts are the ombudsman-like functions and alternative methods for resolving disputes currently being developed by the Earth Council, a non-governmental organization referred to in chapter 38 of Agenda 21;
Article 20
No positive pressure pulse when running, low power, perfect sieve plate cleaned, and high production of accepted stock.
They take note of the intention expressed in your letter.
This has begun to inform the development of rule of law interventions that specifically address women's justice and security concerns.
() The woman who lives next door is a doctor
Implementation Review Group
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2010-2011: section 24, International protection, durable solutions and assistance to refugees
 22. The High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights provides financial support to the African Commission on Human and People's Rights under the Voluntary Fund for Technical Cooperation.
The country has also established strategic partnerships with centres in China and the United Kingdom for research.
He used that time to expand his knowledge of the natural sciences
2. Human resources management
Stressing that all human rights are universal, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated and that the international community must treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner, on the same footing and with the same emphasis, as reaffirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights in June 1993 (A/CONF.157/23),
It was the kind of day that can make Beijing summers a trial foul-smelling smog sat low over the city fed by the Chinese capital's rapidly industrialising hinterland and expanding car population
Chafing and choking with rage; like cords were the veins on his temples.
Indeed, given that Iran has so far survived severe international sanctions, its leaders believe that they could get an offer from the US after the election – particularly if Romney wins – that recognizes their right to enrich uranium.
Taking note of the letter from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Sierra Leone to the United Nations to the President of the Security Council of 9 March 1998 (S/1998/215),
The Committee notes with concern that, under article 1 of the draft amendment to the 1954 Infiltration to Israel Law (Jurisdiction and Felonies) Act, which was passed on 19 May 2008 in first reading by the Knesset, any person having entered Israel illegally is automatically presumed to constitute a risk to Israel's security and falls within the category of "infiltrator" and can therefore be subjected to this law.
25. Recognizes that the creation of an enabling environment at the national and international levels is necessary to ensure the full participation of women in economic activities, and calls upon States to remove obstacles to the full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action;
Paragraphs Page
Actors
All funds
The Declaration called the attention of the international community to the need to provide support to judges and called upon intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to develop and conduct training and awareness-raising projects in a participatory manner, addressing capacity needs and weaknesses as identified in the specific country context and focusing on the sustainable development of judicial capacity and structures, and to develop appropriate training evaluation criteria.
Deploring the extrajudicial killings and their recent escalation, and underlining that they are a violation of international law and international humanitarian law and compromise the efforts to relaunch the peace process and must be stopped,
Founded in 1919, Zonta International is a global organization of executives and professionals working together to advance the status of women worldwide through service and advocacy.
The objective of this meeting is to suggest what the role of UNCTAD could be in helping developing countries to ensure coherence between regional and multilateral trade facilitation commitments.
Any submission after that cut-off date will be issued in an addendum after the Committee's session.
(a) Link the educational process to sustainable development agendas at the local, regional, and national levels and implement policies to include young people in decision-making political processes;
The Office was involved in implementing the guidance note of the Secretary-General on rule of law assistance and on the United Nation's approach to justice for children.
Note verbale dated 21 July (S/26141) from the representative of Japan addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a summary of the measures taken by the Government of Japan to implement Security Council resolution 841 (1993).
The Committee thus concluded this stage of its consideration of the question under this agenda item.
In addition, it participated in relevant multilateral and regional initiatives, including the Container Security Initiative of the United States Custom and Border Protection, the Proliferation Security Initiative, the Global Initiative to Combat Nuclear Terrorism and the Asian Senior-level Talks on Non-Proliferation.
(a) Destroying it; or
Approving the State budget, monitoring compliance and approving the final State budgetary accounts
I am deeply grateful to Ambassador Skogmo of Norway, the outgoing Chairman.
It was also presented to the 109th session of the Council of the International Coffee Organization held in London, from 24 to 28 September 2012.
The mother changed clothes for the baby carefully to avoid hurting him.
We got inmates over the wall. Repeat.
The Office of Human Resources Management has advised that 19 have been signed as at 15 April 2002.
The procedures for amending the Convention and its annexes are contained in Articles 15 and 16.
Excuse me for a minute.
“Pata Pata” (“Touch touch”) was a pulsing township dance, a celebration of Friday night freedom.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.4/64/L.20
A closer look, drawing on the long-haired girl is fluttering, his eyes look very small but firm, faint with a little sad.
(m) 11 additional positions (2 D-1, 2 P-5, 3 P-2 and 4 National Officer) for the International Independent Investigation Commission -- Lebanon.
In most Asian cities, solid waste generated by households is relatively limited, but if collection services do not operate efficiently and timely and do not cover the entire city or town, solid waste piles up in the streets and this affects the living conditions in the area.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Evansville
101. The Group of African States also found it unacceptable that vacancy rates, particularly in Africa, remained so high.
Please find enclosed (see annex) a letter by Mr. Wolfgang Schüssel, Austrian Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs, President of the Council of Ministers of the European Union, for circulation as an official document of the General Assembly under agenda item 93 (e). (Signed) Ernst Sucharipa
This should presumably, also be valid for other legal political parties, which have yet to resume their activities.
Provision is also made for the upgrade of the telephone billing system to ensure compliance with the year 2000 requirements and for related freight charges at 15 per cent of the total equipment cost.
Facilitating the exchange or secondment of personnel to train experts in the field of climate change;
In some countries, people kill animals for money.
Is it wise to engage in active sports at your age?
The share of rural women in shaping the agricultural and economic policy
Of course Paul knew what he was going to wish for
Furthermore, the Security Council issued five presidential statements: on the situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the situation in Somalia, the situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question, the situation in Burundi and the situation in Guinea-Bissau.
A/58/6 (Sect. 27)
National Science Museum, South Korea
However, tin, the only metal not included in the S&P GSCI index, is the best performer, rising more than 40 per cent.
Page
Peninsulas of Hong Kong
The Committee, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 58/82, also established a working group to continue the work of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Scope of Legal Protection under the Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel and elected Ambassador Christian Wenaweser (Lichtenstein) as Chairman of the Working Group.
So tumor cells can only escape from the mammary gland by accomplishing a whole series of modifications.
3 November 1995
4.5 Adjustments of prior years' expenditure (refunds, cancellations and additional charges) shall be applied to the current financial year of the appropriate fund, unless otherwise agreed with the donor.
The final paragraph ensures that Members can review - and comment on - the panel's work.
Viet Nam
36. As indicated in my recent report to the Security Council on the implementation of resolution 1559 (2004), the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command (PFLP-GC) and Fatah al-Intifada maintain military positions along the frontier between Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic, through which a certain number of Fatah al-Islam fighters are reported to have illegally entered Lebanon.
4. Arab electricity linkage projects:
The approach should enable citizens and local communities to participate in decision-making on social development policies and programmes.
The programme, which is a joint initiative of the Government of Liberia and UNMIL, aims at improving the educational qualifications of women under the age of 35 years who are interested in joining the police force.
The central and western regions of China are also mostly landlocked, therefore, we fully understand the concerns of landlocked developing countries and actively participate in transit transport cooperation.
I like the blue one in the window. 6.
A review of the information management needs in the Department has clearly identified the following urgent needs:
The God of the Sea. Traditionally, sailors and fishermen would offer sacrifices to this god for safe voyages before they set sail or when they encountered stormy weather.
Such guarantees are often referred to as “political risk guarantees”.
The State party should also revise its current procedures and practices in the area of expulsion, refoulement and extradition in order to fulfil its obligations under article 3 of the Convention.
Mr. Christian (Ghana): At the outset, I would like to commend the Secretary-General for his in-depth review of the current situation in Africa.
The following information regarding the chairmanship of the regional groups for the month of December 2009 has been communicated to the Secretariat:
Letter dated 20 October (S/2000/1014) from the representative of Burundi addressed to the President of the Security Council.
Years of the 21st century in Cameroon
2.12 Two-and-a-half hours after the commission of the crime, Mustafa Goekce surrendered to the police.
6.1 Before considering any claim contained in a communication, the Human Rights Committee must, in accordance with rule 93 of its rules of procedure, decide whether or not the communication is admissible under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant.
It had blighted the planet with pollution and mass starvation, and scarred it with atrocious wars.
Marsha: Johnsville, Tennessee, you're on the air . Talk to me.
Chief Executive Officer, Hong Kong CSL Limited
Three areas can help speed progress:
Direction means objectives.
The Human Resources Management Framework had played a fundamental role in the Organization's performance.
It was suggested to amend the text so as to provide that States must “take appropriate measures to process without delay” the applications referred to in article 16.
There is no one-size-fits-all policy that can be recommended for addressing outward FDI.
In 2004/05, we conducted sample checks on 143 buildings to ensure that operators' installations comply with the code of practice.
Variations in laws and administrative practice may not be used as a basis for the requested State to deny a request for information unless the effect of these variations would be to limit in a significant way the requesting State's legal authority to obtain and provide the information if the requesting State itself received a legitimate request from the requested State.
This system has offered a good initiation of the application of robot in tissue culture .
Decentralization of service delivery, in some cases, has also promoted women's role in the provision, management and safeguarding of water resources, resulting in improved health and sanitation conditions for their families.
2. Most of these Trustees have been closely connected and identified with the fundamental restructuring process which UNITAR has undergone over these past years.
The camera may lock - up when using a defective memory card.
Approximately 71% of the total population were eligible to vote in the 2006 elections and 76% in the 2009 elections to the European Parliament.
They compressed two months' work into one.
The Conference also expressed its satisfaction with the positive results achieved by the Committee for the establishment of a common basis and cohesive conception of Islamic action in the service of Muslims in all parts of the world and for the protection of Islam's heritage and radiant image.
And Ferrari's masterful race strategy proved to be more than a match for Renault.
Direct access is considered adequate for adaptation projects, many of which are similar to development projects currently being implemented by governments (LDC Group, Malawi, Mali, Nepal);
As well, a new policy was introduced which considers the responsibility of families in providing financial support for their children between the ages of 1821 years.
The final cost for the duration of its existence remains uncontrolled.
Executive heads of United Nations system organizations that have not yet done so should reduce the posting time for vacancies to no more than 30 days and seek the approval of the legislative bodies as appropriate (JIU/NOTE/2012/2, paras. 4-23).
The practices in use in mutual relations between the central and regional authorities must be reviewed and optimized.
The Chair made a statement on organizational matters.
(c) Shared information without duplication, seamlessly connecting operations at Headquarters and field and across business functions and units;
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.6/66/L.28
Agenda item 6
Department of Political Affairs
But, it's overcast today. It's cloudy today.
Operating expenditure 2005
The distribution of meetings would be applied with the necessary degree of flexibility, taking into account the progress achieved in the consideration of the items.
3. The General Assembly decided, in paragraph 33 of its resolution 61/149 of 19 December 2006, "to convene in 2009 a review conference on the implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action to be conducted within the framework of the General Assembly, and, to this end, requests the Human Rights Council to undertake preparations for this event".
They are without their older brother for the first time in their lives.
This will be a joint effort of the IPSAS and Umoja teams.
The Office was grossly understaffed: its 10 Professionals had to deal with 95 States, all of which depended on it for advocacy of their interests.
Before she came out, a rabbit entered to hear the last wishes of the king of beasts.
P-2/1
(c) Selected universities and research institutions include a gender perspective in research activities
However, it is difficult for migrant domestic workers to claim their rights when their work is frequently considered informal, and not regulated by law.
China has a huge population and the demand for food is great. However, agricultural production resources are limited and the basis for food security is relatively fragile.
HR 8799 e
Then God went up from him in the place where He had spoken with him.
This should include establishing, where not already present, monitoring and evaluation frameworks for each of the country-level pooled funds and working to ensure that OCHA and recipient organizations will dedicate sufficient resources for monitoring and evaluation.
In pursuing the idea of a diversification fund for African commodities, it would also seem imperative to take into account the expertise of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) in commodity matters and the pertinent comments of the Secretary-General.
Jim and I intend to do this every Monday —soon with guests! —and we hope you’ll join us.
A further 13 posts provide for ongoing functions that have been discharged by an equal number of consultants.
Amid all the rhetoric, here's one easy way to look at taxes.
Canada: Ontario Superior Court of Justice (Swinton J.)
Progress over the last five years includes significant investment in women's community centres to address the factors associated with women's offending such as drug and alcohol addiction, mental health issues and histories of abuse, and the reduction of the female prison estate by 400 places, with the closure in 2011 of Morton Hall prison.
Based on that analysis, the Division of Conference Management held regular consultations with substantive secretariats to improve advance planning.
F. Liability, including third-party insurance and financial responsibility requirements
Hylarana taipehensis
It was noted that subparagraph (a) was intended to limit the scope of the draft Convention to commercial transactions, whether they related to trade or to consumer receivables.
Twenty - five boys and fifteen girls.
The economics of success is clear: higher spending on urbanization, health care, and education, funded by increases in taxes, could simultaneously sustain growth, improve the environment, and reduce inequality.
 Therefore, the 1988 Convention should indeed serve as a useful model for the development of a new instrument.
Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003
Information
There was a ring of sincerity in his promise.
The possibility of including Burundi in the framework was considered and referred back to the parties for consideration.
In view of the open and constructive exchanges of views that took place during his visit, the Special Rapporteur is convinced that these recommendations will be received in a spirit of shared commitment to strengthening the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
The research shows that we can even believe that the brand has an attitude towards us, so we develop tight “primary” relationships with it that are on a par with marriage and kinship.
The preceding great earthquake can probably trigger a series of moderate and small earthquakes----the precursory earthquakes in the consequently great earthquake generating area.
The care and detail of their work was amazing, as were the efforts of the Vietnamese to help.
Today, my delegation pays tribute to the delegations in the Group of 21 which have once again shown a spirit of flexibility.
Our attitudes influence the way we physicians treat each other and communicate with one another.
I used to go jogging along the railway track.
They remained unsettled by Europeans until 1678, when Bermudans arrived and established a solar salt industry.
The company even put the ORAC score on the wrapping of each individual serving!
Is your company hiring now?
The six chapter acts as the theoretical explication.
The transform disciplinarian of N, S was studied contrastively during coal pyrolysis and gasification.
:: Library IT infrastructure used at its maximum capacity and efficiency
Information and communication technologies
It also stressed the importance of peace for the promotion and protection of all human rights for all.
(e) Letter dated 30 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General transmitting the Final Declaration and the Programme for Priority Actions, adopted by the International Conference on Water and Sustainable Development, held in Paris from 19 to 21 March 1998 (E/CN.17/1998/16);
Form E
Member of the Board, Harvard Belfer Center
The United Nations Platform for Space-based Information for Disaster Management and Emergency Response, established by the General Assembly in its resolution 61/110 of 14 December 2006, and implemented as a United Nations programme under the Office for Outer Space Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, aims at providing access to and developing the capacity of all countries to use the various types of space-based information to support the full disaster management cycle.
He further alleges that, following the decisions of IRB and the Federal Court, their application for refugee status was denied because of the unfair processes that amount to a violation of principles of natural justice.
J. Update on the Climate Change Adaptation and Development programme
Such threats compel her to sometimes swing onto the sidewalk, even though that could get her a ticket.
The research found that it was the style of parenting, rather than income or social background, that developed the strength of character.
" Suddenly a voice called out: Turn back, turn back, you young bride.
Nutrition
My name is Douglas Hale.
This book was on one of the upper shelves.
Availability of adequate sanitary conditions by type
A Polish citizen may not lose Polish citizenship except by renunciation thereof.
Yet once you tie the knot, anything going beyond talking becomes taboo.
The stress analysis method can be used in the design and construction of parallel circular tunnels as a reference.
The courts themselves decided that there would be no access by the press, for reasons of security.
In that sense, the debate had been most instructive and his delegation would bear its principal lesson in mind in the future.
Local and regional experiences were a valuable resource for creating sustainable strategies.
15 207 517a
(c) Reviewing the responses provided by the State party under review in its comprehensive self-assessment checklist and supplementary documentation and familiarizing themselves with the issues addressed by the State party under review;
"Emphasizing the need to protect and preserve the marine environment in accordance with international law,
Violation: Syrian regime use of barrel bombs and indiscriminate weapons, particularly on Aleppo, Dar`a and Al Waer neighbourhood (Homs)
Dolmades are stuffed grape leaves.
Jakarta
Certain equipment provisions and other training programs have also been proposed by the EC under the RRM, such as X-ray machines, metal detectors, search mirrors, bomb bins and bomb blankets.
The absence of any such response restricts the possibilities for a fruitful dialogue with the State party on the issues raised in those observations.
There, Santa receives about 600,000 letters a year written by children from over 150 countries.
You can write down big things or small things, such as just enjoying the warmth of the sunlight on your face.
To his data-driven mind, this was madness. How can everyone be the best?
Indigenous communities had a duty to safeguard national integrity, but could apply their own systems of justice as long as they were in keeping with the Constitution and the law.
"Renewable Energy is derived from natural processes that are replenished constantly.
Boys
Since 2002, more than 500,000 Burundians have returned from the United Republic of Tanzania.
7. Priority of a security right in a negotiable document or goods covered by a negotiable document/law applicable to the priority of a security right in a negotiable document or goods covered by a negotiable document
There are 25 authorities with responsibility for statistics, including Statistics Sweden (SCB), that compile child statistics.
It regulates children's rights in respect of, inter alia, health, education, justice and employment.
I was really disappointed that you had to leave so soon.
Also, a legal form of prostitution.
He therefore calls upon States:
reproductive toxicant
The late issuance of documentation had hindered deliberations, and created unnecessary pressure.
The Committee recommended, inter alia, that Argentina review its laws and practices regarding the juvenile justice system, and that it ensure that there is a clear distinction in terms of procedures and treatment between children in conflict with the law and children in need of protection.
(a) Waste from power stations and other combustion plants (except those mentioned in (d) below); iron and steel industry; and aluminium, lead, zinc, copper and other non-ferrous thermal metallurgy.
 This was recognized by the Heads of State or Government at the Summit.
"What I have seen is actions, not just words, " Mullen said, praising China's openness. "I consider that to be very positive. "
Act No. 91-22 on the orientation of education in Senegal organizes the educational system into three main cycles:
By means of dynamics equation and kinematics equation, trajectory of flying radar targets are calculated .
The draft Guide outlined possible methods of selecting the insolvency representative, and stressed the need for the person appointed to have relevant knowledge and experience of commercial law, noting that some jurisdictions required the representative to hold particular professional and other qualifications.
Please specify whether these rights are respected, both de jure and de facto.
Tuesday, 18 October 2005, from 10.15 a.m. to 12 noon in Conference Room 5.
With reference to the need to gather information on the armed groups who were to undergo disarmament and demobilization, it would be helpful if the Government could provide all possible data to the Joint Military Commission and to MONUC.
And this can be attributed to a number of factors, including Chinas stronger currency (up almost 7% against the dollar this year), upward pressure on domestic wages, less generous Chinese government incentives for low-end exporters and weakening foreign demand.
Lack of coherence in the regulatory framework, insufficient legal backing of IFRS as reporting standards in a country, extending the use of IFRS beyond the scope of large companies and beyond general-purpose financial reporting may pose significant challenges in implementing and enforcing IFRS.
Finance Section
Question 3. Please provide information on the steps taken by the State party to adopt specific law on gender equality, in line with the recommendation accepted by the State party during its Universal Periodic Review (UPR) in 2010 (see A/HRC/16/9 and Add.1).
Similar reasoning should apply to the non-custodial context, particularly in instances where Governments impose a complete ban on substitution treatment and harm reduction measures.
The Comparative Study on The Content of Five Trace Elements in Radix et Rhizoma Glycyrrhizae Grown in Jinta County of Gansu
Some Parties engaged and involved relevant stakeholders, including policy makers, in the vulnerability and adaptation assessment process, mainly through meetings, consultations and workshops.
The rest of the men came from other parts of Britain and mainland Europe, possibly from France, Germany, the Balkans, or the Mediterranean.
Certainly, Marx, Engels have the profound philosophy history reason and the unique philosophy method to anthropocentrism surmounting.
In its resolution 54/132, the Assembly again requested the Executive Director of UNDCP to report to the Commission, at its forty-third session, on the follow-up to the Action Plan.
The authorities have tackled some of the more glaring problems that have long made Chinese banks a byword for profligacy.
It continues to be responsible for the preparation of a biennial interdivisional substantive report on the main topics to be discussed at the session of the Commission, as well as for the publication of CEPAL Review.
PROVISIONAL AGENDA
Grenadines 9 November 1981a
However, many developing countries still lag behind in trade, especially the LDCs, with the landlocked among them being the most deprived.
Ms. O'Brien observed that the common objective of all stakeholders was to move the process of examination of submissions forward as expeditiously and efficiently as possible.
Since the series was introduced in 2010, awareness of United Nations reform initiatives has increased greatly in diplomatic circles: some 400 New York-based diplomats have participated in nine workshops to date.
:: Organizational and institutional support for activities targeting these persons.
It allows multiple keys, which raises the possibility of duplicate nodes in a group.
 Of course the role and responsibility of the Secretary-General will shift towards enhanced peacemaking and diplomatic activity.
Iceland Art. 10, para. 2 (b) and 3, second sentence, 13, 14, para. 7, and 20, para. 1 (Reservation to art. 8, para. 3 (a), withdrawn)
General Assembly and Conference Management.
"We arrived at the security office at the military headquarters at 6.30 a.m. on 18 May 1994 ... I waited for the officer-in-charge from 6.30 a.m. to 9.45 a.m.
Recognizing that the rapid rise in global food and fuel prices continues to pose a significant threat to the overall process of stabilization in Haiti and has adversely effected the political, security, humanitarian, social, economic and development fields; and encouraging the international community to continue to support Haiti in this regard,
Anyone who is eligible to be elected to the Senate may be elected ombudsman.
It should allocate the necessary resources for the effective implementation of rehabilitation programmes.
If my GPA isn't high enough I can't play any sports.
3. The Turks and Caicos Islands are described as “an internal self-governing Overseas Territory with a ministerial system of government” by the administering Power, the United Kingdom.
Laws and institutions have to address new issues and challenges.
Based on the authorized strength.
Lessons learned
95. The proposed establishment of a trust fund for the Integrated Framework for Trade-related Technical Assistance to Support LDCs in their Trade and Trade-related Activities could be an effective way of extending more technical assistance to the LDCs and enhancing their productive capacities.
13. The Board had recommended that the Administration ensure that all missions establish human resources action plans, as required under directives from the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support.
Therefore, Israel is breaching international law and seriously threatening peace and security in the Middle East.
GRULAC welcomed the Director-General's proposal on the Working Capital Fund in document IDB.39/3.
13. The Board's other recommendations appear in paragraphs 21, 33, 40, 46, 48, 60, 62, 76, 79, 122, 125, 131, 142, 149, 151, 154, 157, 160, 165, 167, 169, 177, 179, 181, 183, 185, 192, 196.
Tell me the whole story in chronological order.
66. To date, the percentages of women holding managerial positions are: 50 per cent ministers, 31 per cent deputy ministers, 25 per cent Supreme Court judges, 39 per cent appeal court judges, 61 per cent district and local court judges, 65 per cent public defenders, 33 per cent in the Ministry of the Interior including the National Police, the Department of Migration and Alien Affairs and the National Prison Service.
One fundamental difference between France and Britain is that most of the mainstream political elite in France has long been broadly pro-European.
3(d). Establish, develop, review and maintain appropriate effective national export and trans-shipment controls over such items, including appropriate laws and regulations to control export, transit, trans-shipment and re-export and controls on providing funds and services related to such export and trans-shipment such as financing, and transporting that would contribute to proliferation, as well as establishing end-user controls; and establishing and enforcing appropriate criminal or civil penalties for violations of such export control laws and regulations;
Third, within the multilateral assistance programme provided by the OECD to Central and Eastern Europe countries, the RCC experts attended a two-week seminar in Vienna.
STURDINESS  . 14 - G diamond plate steel body, high strength tubular frame.
The State of Israel proved that it is ready to make painful concessions in order to resolve the conflict with the Palestinians.
2. The right to social security
In particular, the Advisory Commission reiterated its concerns about the manner and timing of entry to the homes of those concerned, the use of physical constraints and the fact that there is no outright ban on certain practices that constitute torture and inhuman and degrading treatment.
Date of adoption
With the support of the General Assembly, the International Court of Justice will pursue its efforts to prove worthy of the hopes that have been placed in it and to continue to accomplish the mission that was attributed to it 60 years ago by the drafters of the Charter.
Seeing his mother walking over to him, the boy said with a slight sadness, “Mother, the dew’s dying.”
:: Need for strategic environmental assessments
Total posts
E.2. UNIDO's Strategic Long-term Vision Statement strongly reaffirms these calls by the United Nations General Assembly and WSSD.
Court reporters provided verbatim French and English transcripts for 11 trials involving 33 accused.
For the Government of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia Seyoum Mesfin
There are still conflicting interpretations among key actors of the content of core rights of indigenous peoples and disagreement about how rights are to be applied in specific situations, especially when competing rights and interests may be at stake and balancing of rights needs to take place.
Noting the positive constitutional developments in some Non-Self-Governing Territories about which the Special Committee has received information, while also acknowledging the need for recognition to be given to expressions of self-determination by the peoples of the Territories consistent with practice under the Charter,
of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations
No, sir; I know what I'LL do.
Africa
10 a.m. Consultations of the whole (closed) Consultations Room
This tells you how great the views at these mountains, and how these mountains perfectly represent the different mountain view in different geographic regions of China.
Agenda items 20 (continued) and 43
I caught the thief flagrante delicto.
In Africa, private sector competitiveness will increasingly depend on the pace of development in the information and communications sectors, and should be seen as one of the areas for cost saving.
Despite the improved political climate in the Middle East and the cumulative Israeli gestures of goodwill, for instance, and the efforts of its Under-Secretary-General to introduce more objectivity and even-handedness, his was the only Member State still unfairly singled out for criticism by the Department in various seminars and publications.
:: Root causes of conflict: How can close interaction between the United Nations and regional organizations contribute to comprehensive strategies for mutually supportive stabilization efforts that address root causes of conflict?
UNAMID participated in the humanitarian meetings organized by the country team at national level, attended the weekly inter-agency management meeting in Fasher, Nyala, El Geneina and Zalingei, and participated in conducting inter-agency humanitarian assessments
Yet if you had to bet from here, you'd bet on inflation in due course.
"CTAs have been around for more than 30 years, so are an established investment class, and are in a prime position to take advantage of the recent boom in commodity markets," he says.
(e) In 1996, the Government of South Africa outlined a national crime prevention strategy and established a national crime prevention centre.
Professors learn your name, talk to you, help and mentor you.
Fifteenth session
97. On 10 August 2008, the Senegalese battalion of UNOCI deployed in San Pedro was informed about the accidental discovery of 120 rounds of 7.62 x 39mm ammunition and two Kalashnikov magazines in the town of San Pedro.
Whilst 571 households, or 2.4% of the total number of households in the Island, technically live in over crowded conditions, of those, 37% consider that their home is about the right size.
With little in the way of rehabilitation programmes, monotony is constant and can exacerbate tensions.
Perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.
This represents a potential reinstatement of 249 letters of credit, but does not constitute an extension of the validity period of any of those letters of credit beyond 31 December 2004.
10. Mr. Barg (Libyan Arab Jamahiriya) said that the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya advocated a just and lasting peace in the Middle East and affirmed that the establishment of an independent, democratic Palestinian State would put an end to the tragedy and the violent struggle between Arabs and Jews.
11. At the same meeting, the representative of Ireland orally revised the draft resolution by replacing operative paragraphs 6 and 7, which had read:
Despite the disruption to his rapid progress, Kelly is confident the fitness problems will not become a recurring theme.
In the open debate on the role of the Security Council in humanitarian crises, my delegation expressed its view that any action aimed at humanitarian intervention per se has no basis in the Charter or in international law.
United Republic of Tanzania
How will I manage during summers (if my program will require more than one year) if I am not able to obtain permission to work?
Please clean the oil on the inside walls of the electric oven.
It has to go down as one of the great orations of all times.
Revised budget estimates for the period from 1 July 2003 to 30 June 2004
Additionally, the gender can be determined if the name is primarily used for one sex.
33. In its response of 27 May 1994 to the Secretary-General, Iraq submitted the following information:
Was it possible that eels living in the creeks of Denmark spawned way out in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean?
In the Property Inspector, select Transparent as the Caption Type in the General area.
This tight system covers the transport of weapons and ammunition from place to place, such transport requiring written permission from the security authorities clearly stating the quantities of weapons and ammunition for whose transport permission is granted, the entities from and to which they are to be transported, the transport means, the time and the itinerary, as well as any other conditions imposed by public security considerations.
It also rendered 27 pre-appeal orders and decisions.
If they are not expressing their outrage over the injustice of it all, it can only be because they are inadequately informed.
(b) To host all enterprise applications (Umoja, e-mail, Inspira, iNeed and the enterprise identity management system) centrally, in enterprise data centres, thereby consolidating the infrastructure and support resources for the applications;
In this context, I have suggested an amount of one dollar or one Euro per citizen as an objective to be reached over a number of years.
Cuba supports the optimization of the United Nations disarmament machinery, including the Conference on Disarmament.
Efforts by the NGO community within the NAP process are coordinated by an NGO Focal Point which was chosen in their meeting on the UNCCD.
We also encourage nuclear Powers to accede to the Protocol annexed to the Treaty as soon as possible.
Dangle that before her.
:: Twice-monthly informal briefings with United Nations agencies and programmes (UNHCR, WHO, WFP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)) and other international organizations represented in the region (ICRC, ECHO and IOM) on the resolution of humanitarian issues, including refugee assistance and irregular migration through Western Sahara
The first briefing was held on 10 May (see S/PV.6964) and the second on 27 November (see S/PV.7071).
This will save considerable resources in training new staff.
VI. Investing in governance
He ordered this one, custom, for himself last year but, well, just never took the time off to use it. "He swallowed even harder.
What I am saying is that we need to be clear and to agree on the objectives of such an exercise and how best to go about expanding the Council.
7.17 The Financing for Development Office is responsible for the subprogramme.
Agenda item 89 (continued)
She stated that the Division, in collaboration with the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), had convened a judicial colloquium on the application of international human rights law at the domestic level from 4 to 6 November 2002 at ESCAP headquarters in Bangkok.
6. The recommendation numbers cited in this document correspond to those contained in the report of the United Nations Board of Auditors (A/65/5/Add.7).
The decision requested Annex II Parties to pay urgent attention to the capacity-building needs of the EIT countries regarding the implementation of the Protocol.
This period iscurrently atotals nine months - between the initial submission of draft country programme documents to the United Nations for translation and processing for the June session and their approval at the first regular session the following January.of 9 months.
(d) Undertake large-scale awareness-raising campaigns for local and religious leaders and the population in general, especially in rural areas on the precedence of national law over discriminatory customary practices and local traditions.
A calculative model for one type of planetary gear increaser used in wind power generator is set up and the analysis of the static load sharing mechanism is given.
Force deployment will be concentrated in the east of the country, with the deployment of three (including two additional) brigade-sized contingents to the east and the establishment of a divisional headquarters in Kisangani.
Brazil has one of the highest homicide rates in the world, with over 48,000 people killed each year.
Seeing that he was in the presence of ladies Neal whipped off his hat.
But that's the exception to the rule.
The required contribution rate as at 31 December 2007, based on the regular valuation assumptions, had been 23.21 per cent of pensionable remuneration.
(c) Reports of international meetings and conferences organized under the auspices of the Committee;
According to the commentary, this is an obligation “whose breach similarly takes place only if that result [i.e. intrusion, damage or disturbance] can be seen not to have been ensured”. Ibid., para. (12).
Security Council resolution 1540 (2004) is another excellent example of how the international community can work together to create effective tools to combat proliferation.
Letter dated 14 September 2006 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Mauritius to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Don't neglect dreams;
Uganda
Recommendation 4
Except for organizations within the United Nations system and sector budget support and pooled funds, the Executive Director shall ensure that funds provided by UNFPA to implementing partners are audited in accordance with standards and criteria set by the Executive Director.
Today, the Palestinian refugees number more than 5 million people, with the majority of them living in refugee camps administered by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) throughout the region.
1. At its 27th meeting, on 30 June 2011, the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) resumed its consideration of the item.
The maximum guaranteed income supplement payment for a single recipient was $460.79 per month.
Unit responsible
But how do you structure a deal given that Swiss banking laws are so central to UBS's business?
5. Mr. Jayasundaram is the subject of three urgent appeals: one by the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers and the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, dated 19 June 2008; one by the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture, dated 14 August 2009; and one by the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, the Special Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health and the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture, dated 30 August 2011.
Those reductions, which were effected between October 2009 and May 2010 in accordance with resolution 1885 (2009), included the repatriation of 2,029 troops, 72 armoured personnel carriers and three attack helicopters, leaving the current authorized military strength of UNMIL at 8,102 personnel, including 7,952 troops in Liberia and 150 deployed at the Special Court for Sierra Leone in Freetown.
Enhancement of equality between men and women
He cautioned, however, that the current healthy outlook was due in large part to exchange rate fluctuations which had inflated dollar figures.
Tell us about your first day.
There is growing experience with the use of low-cost, accessible tools for recording local land rights, or at least land transactions, to ensure security of tenure through the recognition of use rights rather than full ownership.
... planning and managing for the future.
He was voted, for three consecutive years from 1994 to 1996, as Teacher of the Year by the Arizona State University Chapter of Pi Tau Sigma, and received the Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award from the Society of Automotive Engineers in recognition of his teaching innovation.
As discussed more fully in the sixth instalment, the Panel took specific note of losses enumerated by the Governing Council in paragraph 14 of decision 1, as well as in decisions 3 and 4, and found that claims for CS-Other losses in category “C” did not represent separately identifiable loss elements for which compensation could be awarded in category “C”.
sub-item (a))
The President: Regarding the allocation of items, on the basis of the decision taken by the General Assembly, all the items on the agenda are to be considered directly in plenary meeting.
Contrasting its fighters’ bravery and commitment with the “comfort” of Muslim bystanders, Al Qaeda tries to rally more fighters to its cause in Iraq.
The Subcommittee further noted that the Government of Chile would organize a preparatory meeting for the Conference during the International Air and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago in March 2006.
It also recognized that international responsibility may arise from an activity that is not prohibited by international law "only when a breach of an obligation under international law occurs in relation to that activity".
Article 8 of the Law establishes a Directorate for Management of Seized and Confiscated Assets as a body within the Ministry of Justice.
But while Lucy, Blanche and Caroline still remained behind, Rose gave a final look round, for she wanted to leave the room in order
Apart from resource constraints, issues concerning lines of authority, responsibility and accountability need to be addressed.
Step "0" of the "Tool for the demonstration and assessment of additionality for afforestation and reforestation CDM project activities" is deleted as the procedure in the CDM-AR-PDD addresses the same issue.
In particular it did not explain the considerable period of delay between its completion of the maintenance period and the issue of the final acceptance certificate.
In the paper, I analyse talent motivation policy in the Nangang plate rolling plant.
Qi Qiaoqiao
1 September 2014
83. To further enhance gender equality, the following measures have been taken:
Agenda item 62: Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions (continued)
In addition, desertification contributes to the increase in poverty, the deterioration of human livelihood and the migration of men from rural to urban areas, which multiplies the burden on women and children in rural areas.
(b) That they assist the efforts of the Government of Sri Lanka to strengthen and expand programmes that protect and assist children, particularly former child soldiers, internally displaced persons, and unaccompanied and separated children who may face higher risks of violence, exploitation and recruitment, and ensure their successful rehabilitation.
In addition, the Committee reviewed 65 quadrennial reports.
In January 2003, the Minister for Gender Equality published a ”picture book” for new parents on the reconciliation of work and family life.
As the issue had formerly been outside the ordinary work of the organs of United Nations system, it was pleasing that UNCITRAL staff, in collaboration with the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, based in Vienna, had responded to requests from several countries to study the possibility of discussing the issue in the future.
Out of 100 countries surveyed, 78 have laws addressing sexual harassment in the workplace, and of these, 52 criminalize such conduct.
But this time, much appears to be stacked against them.
 Some of these situations of armed conflict have their origin in the conquest or colonialization of a country by another State and the perpetuation of that colonization through state and military repression.
This universality is the only guarantee of its continued existence and of the stability of the Treaty regime.
This group discussed the various forms of education in the context of Article 6, and recognized that they included several organized, formal and non-formal learning activities that are targeted at children, students and adults.
Andrei Ostrikov
The latest addition to a collection of Christmas ornaments at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's home this year came from American first lady Laura Bush, and the Abes enjoyed a cozy dinner on Christmas at a singer friend's house, according to a blog recently started by Japan's first lady
Cooperation with intergovernmental organizations
Organization of the session
Swelling chest, chin up, smile. That's pride.
1. devote oneself to She devoted herself to tennis in her teens
Article 49 Marriage, the family and mother and child are protected by the state.
We helped him go through many checkups.
Buffer
The London Metal Exchange yesterday announced plans to double its business volumes in the next three to five years in a bid to head off any challenge to its competitive position.
grandmother played with some of these when she was a girl.
t answer his question,  , I asked him a question .35.
A piece of a broken human intestinal;
By utilizing new media technologies they have launched effective grass-root promotional campaigns for their idols and helped the entertainment companies save a large amount of promotional costs.
In considering a claim for delayed payment under a contract with a Kuwaiti customer interrupted before shipment and resumed following the liberation of Kuwait, the Panel determines that for this claim, the compensable period of loss should commence on 2 August 1990 or the due date for payment, if later.
The trend seems to be gathering momentum as many Japanese firms fear losing key clients and falling behind their peers because they don't have a global network.
There are several mass graves in different parts of the country, some dating back to the 1990s.
146. The Special Committee recognizes the important role of public information in the modern operational environment and encourages interdepartmental coordination between the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Public Information.
If you feel that way, you might as well stay in China
(a) Increased cooperation and information exchange between crime prevention and criminal justice practitioners working in southern Africa and the Caribbean
 (v) Calls upon the High Commissioner to pursue her efforts to ensure the protection of refugee women and girls and reaffirms in this regard its Conclusion No. 64(XLII) on Refugee Women and International Protection and paragraphs (i) to (k) of Conclusion No. 68(XLIII);
A further report on the state of mobilization of national inputs would be provided at the third session of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee.
However, the robot will rely on its human operator, remotely studying footage from its cameras, for the order to open fire.
While noting the completion of the Convention on 3 September 2007 as the first step in the Government's seven-step political roadmap, serious concerns remain about the exclusive nature of the process to date and about provisions reportedly adopted at the Convention that would seemingly run counter to the objectives of national reconciliation and democratization.
But the input of government has decreased obviously while the private are increased.
At 0700 hours the Iranian side fired four bursts of four rounds each from a single-barrel machine-gun into the air in the direction of the Iraqi Hilah post from coordinates 778178 (1:100,000 map of Mandali) inside the area of separation.
The Panel also finds that because the alleged loss occurred at the earliest in July 1992, it is outside the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Organization of the work of the session 5 5
this is actually a theorem, If you have an argument.
It will also consider the organization of its future work.
Whether it's laughs, romance or adventure, you'll find it at the movies this summer.
In accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights, to which Poland is also a party, any person whose rights have been violated may appeal to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg.
Article 11 A citizen aged 18 or over shall be an adult. He shall have full capacity for civil conduct, may independently engage in civil activities and shall be called a person with full capacity for civil conduct.
But the boys look a little slovenly lately.
He sowed more wheat than outs.
Crescent mean to speak of HuaLiYouHua dreams are the things BaoYang dawn, to xiao dream parents leisurely driven out of the crescent.
The woods arose in folds, like drapery of awakened mountains, stately with a depth of awe, and memory of the tempests.
Continuation and conclusion of general discussion
Your landscape designer will calculate slopes and check soil types to size and plan runoff and drainage control for your situation.
Tetrabromobisphenyl (TBBP) and reactive phosphorus polyols have been mentioned as potential alternatives as well.
1. The present Protocol shall enter into force three months after the deposit of the tenth instrument of ratification or accession.
Support
Smoking and pollution are two major causes the high rate of lung cancer.
Households have strongly reduced debt by paying off debt with attendant adverse effects on household consumption expenditure or, often, by defaulting.
Recommendation 1
9. To put both the present report and the annexed Guidance for Effective Mediation in context, this section analyses eight trends in the area of conflict and mediation.
16. Illicit brokering activities may include barter deals involving transfers of small arms and light weapons, ammunition and/or explosives, in exchange for other means of payment such as natural resources, drugs, special services, stocks, merchandise, etc.
The Board may wish to consider the adoption of the following draft decision:
3. Welcomes the invitation extended to it by the Governor of American Samoa to send a visiting mission to the Territory;
Buyers in the U. K. , believed to be acting at least in part on China's behalf, added $9. 6 billion.
and 2005/13 of 14 April 2005,
In accordance with paragraph 65 of the CDM modalities and procedures, the Board shall complete its review within 30 days following its decision to perform the review.
Homeboy was also made a Knight at the Star of Italian Solidarity one of Italy's highest honor.
On that occasion, the participation of human rights organizations currently concerned mainly with civil and political rights as well as that of development agencies not present at the December meeting should be ensured.
44. Additional requirements under quartermaster and general stores corresponded to the need to purchase equipment for electoral observers such as camping lamps and other equipment not provided for elsewhere.
At present, there is one special exhibition on show in the museum: Post - Angkorian Buddha.
Burundi
Director
62. Development of area-based management tools.
(b) United Nations Research Institute for Social Development.
Reaffirming also the relevant provisions of the 2005 World Summit Outcome regarding the protection of civilians in armed conflict, including paragraphs 138 and 139 thereof regarding the responsibility to protect populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity,
III. Foundations of the mandate
United Nations system expenditures on operational activities
See Council decision 2007/227.
Overall policy-making, direction and coordination
Mike: Well, off the top of my head, I'd say you've forgotten the change we need for the meter in the car park.
All that leaves is the attack power boost from TSA.
The authors stress that, without respect for human rights for women, there cannot be security of human rights for all.
An anti-corruption adviser for small island States has been placed in Vienna.
I have the honour to refer to Security Council resolution 1383 (2001) of 6 December 2001, in which the Council, inter alia, endorsed the Agreement on provisional arrangements in Afghanistan pending the re-establishment of permanent government institutions (S/2001/1154), reaffirmed its full support for my Special Representative and endorsed the responsibilities entrusted to him in annex II to the aforementioned Agreement.
This discussion could be used to make a convincing argument towards the viability of CTR in commercial environments.
CAT/C/43/Add.1 Second periodic report of Mauritius
Marxian economics
Charadriiformes-stub
The key challenge will be to effectively link reliable and affordable modern energy services based on renewable energy with productive uses and industrial applications.
Please note that only scanned copies of notes verbales or form A/INF/67/2 will be accepted by e-mail.
The Independent Expert calls upon States, international and regional organizations, international financial institutions, regional economic commissions and non-governmental organizations to consider sponsoring these workshops.
Retailing is one of the last big sectors of the Indian economy to open up to FDI.
If women are restricted in their ability to be economically independent, this can restrict the life choices that are available to them and their families.
We must ensure that there is zero tolerance for all forms of terrorism.
Calculate and display the working time overlap for people in different time zones.
13. Requests the SecretaryGeneral to submit to the Commission at its sixtythird session a report on the state of regional arrangements for the promotion and protection of human rights, to formulate concrete proposals and recommendations on ways and means to strengthen cooperation between United Nations and regional arrangements in the field of human rights and to include therein the results of action taken in pursuance of the present resolution;
-Are you sure you meant it
The statistical inference includes ANOVA, Chi - square test, multiple regression, and logistic regression.
Mongolia
The annotated provisional agenda is contained in document E/CN.17/2013/1.
The report notes that, although significant progress has been made through the efforts of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Nations and civil society partners to improve the situation of children affected by armed conflict, major gaps exist, most especially in the Ituri district and North and South Kivu provinces.
D. Protection and promotion of the human rights of the child by national institutions
The National Organizing Committee has made arrangements for the assistance of the Rome Hotel Owners' Association.
It indicates better than any water hereabouts the absolute progress of the season, being least affected by transient changes of temperature.
And with accessions from Hubei showed higher genetic diversity than those from Hunan province.
Christopher Martin Ellison
The team found that the patterns of brain activity were very similar to those identified in an earlier study looking at the effects of romantic love.
Pick-up, 4x4
Sammy Lee , Allardyce's successor , is keen to retain the striker, however .
Our Future is in Our Hands
Since its establishment, the United Nations has shouldered its responsibility with regard to this cause, and has been committed to the achievement of a just and comprehensive solution in all aspects.
"The Security Council reaffirms that both parties bear the primary responsibility for the implementation of the Algiers Agreements and the decision of the Eritrea-Ethiopia Boundary Commission.
Published at Headquarters, New York, by the Department for
(a) Integral obligations
The assistants observed carefully how the bacteria would react to this stimulus.
Well, I am telling them.
I am terrified of small insects.
The manager told me what they asked him and I told him my name was Edward Robinson, of Cambridge.
One speaker pointed out that trade could have a real multiplier effect on the economy, as it increased foreign demand for domestically produced goods, as well as imports.
Note: The summary of the 48th plenary meeting will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 2000/214).
Since summer 2007, the market has consolidated at levels a little below the peak prices attained before financial market uncertainties brought forward a not unexpected breather in fine wine price appreciation.
(i) A core trust fund to be allocated by the plenary should be established to receive voluntary contributions from Governments, United Nations bodies, the Global Environment Facility, other intergovernmental organizations and other stakeholders, such as the private sector and foundations;
Their future could well be jeopardized should Member States not increase or resume their voluntary contribution or should the issue of rental and maintenance costs charged to UNITAR for the premises it occupies not find a positive solution.
For instance, at the beginning of school year 2004-05, the school enrolment rate at primary education level was 98,6 per cent, close to the goal of universal school attendance.
In the case of flying insects it is possible to release hormone from a trap.
Opinion No. 13/2004 (Bolivia) 55
User ja-ksb-0
Recalling General Assembly resolutions 62/208 of 19 December 2007 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system, 63/232 of 19 December 2008, 64/220 of 21 December 2009 and 65/177 of 20 December 2010 on operational activities for development of the United Nations system, and 64/289 of 2 July 2010 on system-wide coherence and Economic and Social Council resolutions 2008/2 of 18 July 2008, 2009/1 of 22 July 2009 and 2010/22 of 23 July 2010 on progress in the implementation of Assembly resolution 62/208,
"It is an honour once again to take the floor to share with States Members of the United Nations and the Secretariat some views and general proposals on how to eliminate the menace of the proliferation and illicit trafficking of small arms and light weapons in the Great Lakes region of Africa.
Contribution of the organization to the work of the United Nations
The Committee expresses its satisfaction with the quality of the report, its conformity with the reporting guidelines of the Committee and notes as very positive the fact that the State party submitted the report in a timely manner.
A/C.1/57/PV.2-10, 16 and 20
Good offices are not arbitration; they are not mediation.
Reiterating that, although natural disasters damage the social and economic infrastructure of all countries, the long-term consequences of natural disasters are especially severe for developing countries and hamper the achievement of their sustainable development,
For example, the European Union's mining waste directive covers the management of waste from the mining industry.
But I liked that she knew that someone in our house sent letters into the outside world.
It noted with satisfaction, therefore, the statement issued the previous March by the President of the Security Council urging host countries to take all necessary measures to ensure the safety and security of United Nations and associated personnel.
In came the first runner, closely followed by the second.
Meeting the needs of industries from stevedoring to printing for damage free roll handling with efficiency.
Beijingguojianglong basaltic rock, three pond, ShuiLian
Changes to submitting entity reports by instalment
Agenda item 34
It is not clear when the contractual works actually started.
From 13:15 to 14:30, in Conference Room 4.
Measures and tools
If the Register addressed the issue of the possession by nations of arms and military equipment, it would be more balanced, less discriminatory and more all-encompassing.
26. Mothers who had given birth to and raised eight or more children and families with four or more minor children living under the same roof were entitled, regardless of family income, to special benefits from the State.
UNEP should provide substantive leadership and guidance on environmental issues.
Airlines will appeal for higher jetfuel surcharges to help air carriers offset the rising prices of oil.
Registration in court constitutes only a notification, not a licence.
Did you question your sexuality when you were the show or a consequence of the show?
In 2006, activities were organized for participants from 15 Asian and transition countries on two major topics: (a) Competition Law and Market Economy Growth; and (b) Executive Development Programme-Antimonopoly Policy.
 "(h) To investigate and report on incidents regarding the activities of the gendarmerie and police;
The same principles apply to all of these systems, including instrumentation with advanced sensor technology.
Kuozui Motors
The anti tumor vascular therapy, which targets VEGF and its receptor, has made great progress.
Misfortune has dogged him these days.
He managed to grind out a few lines.
(Sozopol, Bulgaria, 2-6 June 2008)
Original: French
10. Emphasizes the need for further activities in the United Nations system to strengthen expertise concerning the equal status and human rights of women through, inter alia, the provision of training on the human rights of women and on gender mainstreaming, including through gender impact analysis, to all United Nations personnel and officials at Headquarters and in the field, especially in field operations;
F. Initiatives relevant to ecotourism in Africa
15. Mr. Muñoz (Chile) said that initiatives such as the seminar proposed by Sweden's Edberg Foundation could be very helpful to the Commission's work, and visits to the two countries concerned would also be very important.
"Azat Artsakh" newspaper, 26 January 2004 and 4 October 2004; information agency "Rosbalt", 8 June 2004; "YERKIR" Armenian newspaper, 11 June 2004, "Karabakh building housing, schools for settlers" (Text of N.Pogosyan's report headlined "Social conditions for settlers in Karabakh being improved" in <http://www.armeniandiaspora.com/archive/5990.html>); "AZG" Armenian Daily # 171, 30 September 2004, "120 Families Inhabited in Karabakh"; Armenian TV company "A 1 +" <http://www.a1plus.am/eng/?go=issue&id=20732>, 30 September 2004, "The number of Migrants Increases": Serzh Amirghanian, "chief of the department on refugees and migrants" of the so-called "Nagorny-Karabakh Republic", announced that according to the "NKR government" program of resettlement, the number of settlers should reach 67-70 thousand people by 2010.
Looks like we're gonna be neighbors, lane.
95. He requested a report on action taken on the recommendations of the External Auditor, especially regarding the development of a results-based management system and the setting of clear lines of responsibility for the Comptroller General's Office and its internal oversight activities.
Cooperation between the African Union and the United Nations should also be reinforced.
22. Efforts to address vacancy rates throughout OIOS are continuing.
Germans remain worried that they will be called upon to bail out the over-indebted governments of southern Europe.
Since the proposed programme budget did not include any provision for the conference, the funds allocated to the study group should instead be allocated to the conference.
All right, well, if it was an accident, How come your brother took off?
You fear success.
One may note the absence of any comprehensive policy on gender.
Nevertheless, radioactivity remained a property exclusively associated with some thirty substances existing naturally.
Free admission tickets are NOW available at all Music Office Music Centres.
The split decision had held that a West Bank resident was entitled to compensation from the IDF because of negligence by Israeli undercover military agents five years earlier.
OIOS recommends that ITC should strengthen programme management and supervision to ensure that it is able to implement programmes in a timely manner to avoid reductions in available funding resulting from restrictions placed by the donor for funding its future programmes and projects (recommendation 1).
The total value of the seizure of illicit cigarettes was $252 million and the duty potential was more than $134 million.
It is also concerned that not enough is being done to assist these women through socio-economic and health programmes and that preventive measures and re-socialization efforts are aimed principally at prostitutes and do not address male clients.
Since their incarceration in 1998, René González Sehweret and his comrades Gerardo Hernández Nordelo, Ramón Labañino Salazar, Antonio Guerrero Rodríguez and Fernando González Llort have suffered cruel and degrading conditions of imprisonment and have been subjected to all kinds of pressure and abuses, including separation from their families.
The latter can rather be inferred from the procedure that must be followed to create a data bank, which required the prior authorization of both the State Congress (the Government) and the Guarantor for the Safeguard of Confidential and Personal Data (art. 15).
We hope you can accept payment in other currencies expect in US dollars.
I had to translate source documents from U. S. history into German for inclusion in an annotated textbook.
"The Security Council reaffirms its commitments to a comprehensive and lasting settlement of the situation in Somalia, consistent with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, bearing in mind respect for the sovereignty, territorial integrity, political independence and unity of Somalia.
--  Dialogue 3    A: Im pleased to meet you again, Mrs. King
 Reaffirming its support for the Convention of Government of 10 September 1994 (S/1995/190, annex), and for the institutions of Government established in line with it,
Nairobi, 18 - 22 February 2013
The Government withdrew some concessions granted earlier and adopted a new approach that gave priority to human consumption, water uses for agriculture and food security.
That's why people call West Lake a dazzling pearl.
India supports the early commencement of substantive work, on the basis of consensus on a programme of work that takes into account the interests of all delegations.
That requirement has since been lifted.3 14. In the last general election in Bermuda, held on 9 November 1998, PLP, led by Jennifer Smith, won a majority of 12 seats in the territorial legislature, defeating UBP and taking power for the first time in the 35 years since the party system began in 1968.
Neptun Werft
I represent a country that is party to all major multilateral agreements on arms control and which has been a member of this august body since its inception.
Major assignments included drafting and negotiating complex land agreements, engineering and architectural construction contracts for conference facilities at ESCAP and ECA; drafting and negotiating the model UNICEF Basic Cooperation Agreement with Governments; and various Trust Funds for major United Nations activities.
Assisting Member States and intergovernmental bodies in the early identification of new and emerging issues in the world economy.
(a) Northern region: No hostile activity was reported in the northern region on 13 August 1993.
In this paper the optimum design of temperature control for mass concrete dams has been researched by using the theory of non-linear programming.
He also explained to the Special Rapporteur that he had a number of assistants responsible for monitoring the various detention units under his jurisdiction and that everything possible was done to ensure the comfort of detainees.
At its 1st meeting, the SBI agreed to consider this sub-item together with sub-item 4 (c) by way of a contact group chaired by Mr. José Romero (Switzerland).
We should, therefore, go to bed early because as the saying goes,
Allows to edit visually all the parameters of advanced 2 D particle systems.
The recommendations made by the Executive Board, in accordance with provisions of decision 17/CP.7, including the CDM modalities and procedures, in particular regarding simplified modalities and procedures for eligible small-scale CDM project activities contained in annex II to this report;
September
Chinese food is becoming popular with Americans.
 It also welcomes the removal of all nuclear weapons from Kazakstan and Ukraine, as well as the accession of Belarus, Ukraine and Kazakstan to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) as non-nuclear States.
Sales person: You can have a broad choice here.
 They have hit hardest the most vulnerable social groups and hindered the process of the society's transition towards democracy.
Confusion over Uganda's role should not be used as an excuse to provide misleading information.
31. Ms. Estrada (Honduras) observed that the legal prohibition of abortion clearly did not prevent abortions, for the rate was 108 per 1,000 women in Honduras.
He felt the house shake.
Volunteers of America LPGA North Dallas Classic
s Olympics  may be defined as the integrated pattern of human knowledge, belief, and behaviour language, ideas, beliefs, customs, taboos, codes, institutions, tools, techniques, works of art, rituals, ceremonies, and other related components (Encyclopaedia Britannica, 1989).
94. In addition to a new framework on reimbursement to troop-contributing countries, the General Assembly in its resolution 67/261 approved the recommendations in the report of the Senior Advisory Group (A/C.5/67/10), including the policy recommendations relating to the other dimensions of the vital relationship between the United Nations and the troop-contributing countries and the recommendation that a compact among countries providing contingent personnel, the wider United Nations membership and the Secretariat should be made more explicit through a document setting out the mutual obligations, which are generally understood but are not codified in any one United Nations document.
6. The Committee welcomes the amendment of article 319 of the Penal Code in 2010, which prohibits all forms of violence against children, regardless of who the perpetrator - including parents or tutors - may be.
Bosses may stick a few modernist daubs on their boardroom walls. They may go on corporate jollies to the opera.
International staff
169. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (resolutions 57/24 and 57/25 of 19 November 2002).
On the one hand, there is still concern over the lack of progress in the field of nuclear disarmament and over the associated risks of nuclear proliferation. On the other hand, however, we have seen that there is a growing awareness in the international community that is made evident through positive signs such as, for example, the progress that has been achieved in strengthening the legal framework concerning nuclear-weapon-free zones and in the establishment of United Nations regional centres for peace and disarmament.
Danish International Development Agency (DANIDA), 1992
Common forms of laundering or concealing cultural property
The car bumped into the car in front.
At its second session, the Conference adopted resolution 2/1, in which it decided, inter alia, that the review mechanism should be non-punitive and identify difficulties encountered by parties in the fulfilment of their obligations under the Convention.
The Strategy builds on existing work in this area and seeks to be of relevance for all sectors of education, in line with the high level goal of the Department of Education and Skills to "support and improve the quality, relevance and inclusiveness of education for every learner in our schools".
(a) To prohibit the development, production, stockpiling, acquisition or retention of microbial or other biological agents, or toxins, weapons, equipment and means of delivery, specified in Article I of the Convention, within their territory or anywhere under their jurisdiction or control;
He also mentioned that gender mainstreaming had been embraced by the Government as the most practical means to ensure women's equal participation in national development.
35. In 2011, the Pacific office of the United Nations Children's Fund and the Secretariat of the Pacific Community published a report entitled "The State of Pacific Youth 2011: Opportunities and Obstacles", in which they highlight important facts in relation to problems faced by youth in New Caledonia, such as the high number of teenage pregnancies, alcohol abuse and elevated school dropout rates.
It has the good effect on reddish swelling, desquamation, tarnish and red blood streak, appropriate for frail and sensitive skin.
69. This rate, however, is based on final budget figures revised late in the biennium.
Since he work many years in farmer, he knows well to them.
Fifty-fourth session
Important commemorative events, such as World Wetlands Day, Arbor Day, Earth Day, World Environment Day and World Desertification and Drought Control Day have drawn the attention of people from all walks of life in Tibet.
A.29.24 The requirements of $12,400, at the maintenance level, cover the cost of supplies for office automation equipment (laser and ink-jet printer and fax cartridges), stationery and office supplies, internal reproduction supplies and specialized books and subscriptions to periodicals.
In a Stirling refrigerator, this phase angle is provided by the relative movement of the piston and the displacer .
Fu County
"Oh no, sir, I could never repay what you son did for me.
In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn't look as though he'd cracked yet
He will not be here this afternoon, will he?
Security arrangements were geared to the level of the perceived threat and prompt action was taken on any reported incidents or violations of the law.
Her delegation had condemned any form of sexual and/or commercial exploitation by humanitarian and peacekeeping staff and police monitors.
14-16 May
Last year, the US fertility rate hit a historic low.
Knowingly exposing someone to the risk of HIV infection is also grounds for a criminal charge of attempted murder, in addition to the rape charge.
Objective To study the apoptosis of early mouse embryo in a coculture system with human endometrium cells in early secretive phase in vitro.
Government Economist
Expenditures from the regular budget on technical cooperation remained at the level of 2000.
There's no such thing as nerds in the simian world.
Took note of the update on Human Development Report consultations (DP/2008/30).
K-WAN added that women are prohibited from being employed in manual labor jobs and mining.
except they ain't answering their phones either.
Such information was being sought "with a view to prosecuting the culpable".
Ambassador Alternate Permanent Representative of Mexico to the United Nations
36. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Liberia [item 165].
What was sometimes referred to as torture by non-State actors was covered by criminal law as simple, aggravated or sexual assault, forcible confinement, kidnapping or trafficking in persons.
1st plenary meeting
But then she started to think again.
This Article provides that a five working day time allowance is due to a father, covered by absence fee - refunded by the central budget to the employer - which must be allocated by the employer before the end of the second month following the date of birth, as requested by the employee.
In so doing, the Committee recommends that the State party apply the relevant provisions of the Convention.
Fifty-seventh session
Please see into this matter without delay.
Robinson says the United States allows religious views to coexist with what he believes is a civil right of same-sex marriage.
The current ILA mandate includes exploring the application and effectiveness of the Rules and making recommendations accordingly.
36. In response, the Director, Human Development Report Office, clarified that the office did not collect data and indicators from national institutions but from international institutions mandated to do so in a given field.
Working Group III (Transport Law)
She got a month's work from the Census Bureau last year, but otherwise has not seen a pay cheque for over a year.
The meeting issued a communiqué expressing support for the mediation on 24 September 2009.
Organizer of the first workshop regarding the OPCAT and the elaboration of the NPM with the collaboration of the APT.
His delegation agreed with the Special Rapporteur that the concept of responsibility to protect did not apply to disaster response at the current stage as it was essentially political and had not yet acquired the status of an established legal principle.
 43. A number of speakers supported continuing the six-week rule, with one saying it was particularly important for sending documents to capitals and allowing sufficient time for consultations.
Make a soft dough, using a little more water if necessary.
Benchmark 4 "Unfaltering commitment of leadership"
41. Ivo Knoepfel (Managing Director, onValues Ltd., speaking on behalf of the United Nations Global Compact) presented two private sector-led initiatives developed in collaboration with the United Nations: the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI); and the "Who Cares Wins" (WCW) Initiative.
Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on the Prevention of Genocide
Article 13 Cooperation with other organizations
Additional data are provided in the annexes.
The Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to convene the twenty-fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention, in New York from 9 to 13 June 2014; approved the convening by the Secretary-General of the thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth sessions of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf, in New York, from 27 January to 14 March 2014, from 21 July to 5 September 2014 and from 13 October to 28 November 2014, respectively; and requested the Secretary-General to prepare a report for consideration by the Assembly at its sixty-ninth session on developments and issues relating to ocean affairs and the law of the sea, including the implementation of the resolution (resolution 68/70, sects. III, VII, X, XII, XIV, XV and XVII).
I will certainly see you into the train.
His leg is getting better and he can move slowly with support.
These events add to the enormous suffering of the civilian population of Afghanistan.
The Sun Yat - sen's Mausoleum area is a world - famous scenic spot.
For its part, Argentina rejected the territorial application of those treaties and conventions by the United Kingdom on the grounds that the Territory, along with the surrounding maritime areas, were an integral part of Argentina.
Published by the Columbia Journal of Transnational Law, 1979.
Solute atoms may be segregated in pre - bainite period and solute - depleted region may be nucleation site.
Concern was also expressed regarding the distribution of reductions between the various sections, and whether a number of sections had not been disproportionately affected.
(c) The right to participate in recreational activities, sports and all aspects of cultural life.
These institutions include non-governmental organizations (local and international), United Nations institutions (such as the Office of the High Commissioner, UNESCO, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and other international organizations (such as the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Commonwealth Secretariat).
20. Providing social protection for the older members of society is especially important.
Guinea
5. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at the main part of its fifty-seventh session on the expenditures as well as programmatic impacts incurred in supporting the Counter-Terrorism Committee as a result of the present resolution;
5. As of 6 December 2006, 155 States had ratified or acceded to ICESCR, with 4 new ratifications during the present reporting period.
We seldom misbehaved under the hawk - eyed gaze of our teacher.
On the completion of the construction work, the artwork will be reinstalled in the newly renovated General Assembly Building.
Chapter I sketches out the historical context for the development of commodity policies in developing countries.
Oreochromis chungruruensis
In addition, through its EU Programme for Employment and Social Innovation (EaSI) (and up to the end of 2014 also through the PROGRESS Programme), the Commission provides financial support to the EU-level association of providers of services to persons with disabilities.
(a) The process of compulsory recruitment (i.e. from registration up to the physical integration into the armed forces), indicating the minimum age linked to each step and at what point in that process recruits become members of the armed forces;
22. Other issues relating to gender-based violence in Chad need to be raised.
The Italian seller sold machines and containers through 20 separate contracts to the Turkish buyer; the contracts were all based on a framework agreement.
In rural areas unmarried men heavily outnumber unmarried women.
(g) International aspects of national space legislation
The feature article of the kit examines and analyses the role of the United Nations in promoting the human rights of women.
13 October 1999
The recommendation is being implemented.
It's Kimmie, And the inconvenient truth is that she's evil.
The review and update of the guidelines and guidance are continuous, as new information becomes available or new substances are listed in the Convention.
Of course, such issues are likely to be complex and thus are typically not amenable to being studied using a single lens or perspective.
The sums are mostly for special executive pensions and deferred compensation, including bonuses, for prior years.
His delegation concurred with the impression of the Advisory Committee that relations between staff and management had broken down over the issue of human resources management reform.
The National Health Insurance Scheme has also improved rural women's access to healthcare.
South Africa would like to underscore the need to reach decisions on this matter by consensus.
Women infected with a parasite spread by cat feces run a higher risk of attempting suicide, AFP reported.
Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography
Languages
Option 3
It's often advantageous for the compiler to reorder entire operations in order to produce faster code.
4. How can stakeholders better coordinate their support for countries in elaborating their national development strategies?
Great Salt Lake
D. Human rights treaty bodies
Sierra Leone
The preparation of such plans, by involving a wide range of social institutions and civil society, can help build understanding and support for action to promote human rights.
No, but the last one was, like, 300 pounds, had a handlebar mustache.
These figures relate directly and specifically to the operational tasks of staff involved in pension entitlement processing in the period from 1998 to 2009.
Any delay was limited only to what was reasonably necessary to enable a victim to seek civil redress for damages suffered.
Would you like the amout on the same bill or seperately?
47. Hand emplaced and mechanically laid MOTAPM should be placed in perimeters marked areas monitored by military personnel and protected by fencing or other means with appropriate warning to ensure the effective exclusion of civilians from the area.
This strategy should include mechanisms, such as indicators and benchmarks on the right to education, by which progress can be closely monitored.
Ms. Sole Abrahamsen
Table 5
Assessing the capacity building performance of technical assistance programmes
Very soon she was asleep again.
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said today (Friday) European countries would lose their right to monitor Iran's nuclear program.
In paragraph 12, the words "the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme and" should be deleted.
Indeed, it is important to keep fit and healthy, whilst we all aspire to improve the way we look and feel in order to make good first and lasting impressions.
8. Nineteen of the respondents supported the suggestion that the Chair should not allow for the coordination of group positions to take place during the time of the regular session.
The horse broke  away  from the starting gate.
The majority of these acts are attributed to private vigilante groups or units of off-duty police and military.
Pathology
(22) The Committee is concerned at the lack of clarity regarding the State party's strategies to inform, through the Custodial Institutions Inspectorate, alleged victims of torture and ill-treatment in detention facilities, including immigration detention centres, about the available complaint procedures against detention personnel (arts. 12, 13 and 16).
Part I of the report provides general information on the Republic of Kazakhstan, the population, the political structure, the system of legislative bodies for protecting human rights, and the efforts made in the republic to disseminate human rights information.
More should be done to ensure that clusters take into account existing structures at national and local levels.
In addition, they include one additional deceased detainee claim filed through Kuwait on behalf of an Iranian national.
These provisions are applicable to crimes committed through the use of the Internet and which amount to the dissemination of statements or other information by which a group of people is threatened, insulted or degraded on account of race, colour, national or ethnic origin, religion or sexual orientation.
The proportion of births attended by skilled personnel has also increased.
The General Committee took note of decision 68/558, by which the General Assembly decided to defer consideration of and action on draft resolution A/68/L.56 to its sixty-ninth session in order to allow time for further consultations on the programme budget implications of the proposal;
Meanwhile you can have a rest.Mary was talking to me about her new dress.
The Committee's target of reviewing 31 States parties' reports reflected its determination to fulfil its mandate under the Convention.
Death is just a part of life,something we are all destined to do.
Migration in a post-2015 world
Lastly, the members of the Human Security Network reaffirm their support for the continued commitment by the United Nations to promote human rights and human rights education.
Issues relating to the water off Gibraltar continue to be a subject of contention.
5. Ministers reaffirmed their commitment to implementation of the 1999 Forum Communications Action Plan, though noted that progress to date in its implementation has depended on domestic capacities and national priorities against the broader policy issues faced by each country.
Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such
The President (spoke in Spanish): Thank you, Ambassador.
Provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission
It further submits that, while being a party to the Optional Protocol, it did not give its consent for the extension of the Committee's mandate; that it considers the above communications as registered with violations of the provisions of the Optional Protocol; that there are no legal grounds for their consideration by the State party; and that "any reference in this connection to the Committee's long-standing practice are unlawfully bound".
The Secretariat had regularly cited the importance of holding senior managers accountable for improving the status of women in individual units, but that was not being done.
The next phase of reform of the Secretary-General will address many aspects linked to reporting on economic and social issues, including reporting to the Assembly, and the Council and its commissions.
 Thus, the non-aligned countries find it paradoxical that, while the international community is attaching greater importance than ever before to the close linkages between peace and development, the resources for the development activities of the United Nations system have actually been declining.
The Secretary-General is considering in this regard the launching of a good multilateral donorship initiative.
15th meeting
III. Abbreviations
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2007/10 of 9 February 2007, S/2007/10/Add.7 of 2 March 2007, S/2007/10/Add.12 of 5 April 2007 and S/2007/10/Add.15 of 27 April 2007.
They compare fourth grade students from 36 countries and eighth grade students from 48 countries.
6667. The monitoring system of the UNCCD yet to be established should ultimately result in quantified, time-bound and costed targets relating to combating land degradation and desertification in a long-term perspective.
74. This norm extended the range of human rights protected in the Constitution and it is to be understood that the fundamental rights, duties and guarantees forming part of the international treaties ratified by Chile and in force in the country increase and complement the range of rights embodied in Article 19 of the Political Constitution of the Republic and have their same constitutional status.
A string that specifies the initial value of the associated input control.
A similar measure had already been adopted for the subsidiary bodies of the General Assembly.
5. The premises of the present proposal (hereafter the plan proposal) were two.
 I also affirm the legally established right of the Republic of Iraq to seek compensation for the material and other damage caused by such acts of aggression to its civilian installations and to its citizens, in accordance with the principle of international responsibility.
Now you shall die. She fell at his feet: Give me some hours to live, she said.
16. At its 14th meeting on 15 June 1999, the Committee considered the report of the Secretary-General on ways in which the full implementation and the quality of mandated programmes and activities could be ensured and better assessed by and reported to Member States (A/54/117).
What do I dial for an outside line
With respect to the observation that there was a need to broaden the geographical base of the investments, particularly in developing countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America, the Chairman of the Investments Committee explained that appropriate investment opportunities in developing countries were constantly sought, taking into consideration resolutions of the General Assembly and the established investment criteria.
European leaders are due to meet this weekend to discuss forging a more co-ordinated response, possibly including a continent-wide bank-rescue fund.
A stroke had paralyzed the entire left side of her body.
(UN-U-41-881) Information Technology Service
" The Obama for Obama group said more than 1,300 residents of the town of 33,000 participated in their campaign during the past four months. Obama for ObamaYasunori Maeno
In order to ensure transparency in communication to the public to which the United Nations organizations are stewards of resources, the Executive head must ensure that there is an information disclosure policy in place.
Some of the job growth in October was due to rebuilding and cleanup activities following damaging hurricanes in the American southeast
`Thank you so much!
120. Following the admission of Switzerland to membership of the United Nations, only one non-member State, the Holy See, remains subject to these procedures.
The Authoritarian Temptation
Article 13 The two parties in cooperation shall, in accordance with the provisions of the tax law of China, pay taxes on the income accruing to  them  from  the designing work.
Other new sites include sites for the United Nations Year of Dialogue among Civilizations; the United Nations Conference on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects; the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries; and the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance.
Cotoneaster horizontalis
Ironically, not a single gun was ever fired from any of these hill fort in anger.
The Panel, continuing its approach set out at paragraph 63 of the First “F3” Report, finds that the losses claimed are compensable in so far as they are attributable to the factors set out in that paragraph, namely, site restoration costs, additional transportation costs and additional insurance costs.
The Acting President: The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 155.
Universal Periodic Review
The housing industry employs millions of Americans.
218. The combined value of cash, receivables and property totalling $1.55 million written off was $1.40 million (47 per cent) lower than the $2.95 million written off during the biennium 2002-2003 (see table II.3).
A. Activities of the Science, Technology and ICT Branch
"  And so the colors went on quarreling, each convinced of his or her own superiority
No-spherical rigid body that has anisotropic inertia is called no-spherical sphere of inertia.
Salary increases are one example: there was a 5 per cent increase in the education sector in 2010; during the period 2006-2010, the accumulated increase was 42 per cent.
:: UNDG-HLCM to provide specific targets on (a) for 2008-2010
Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain
Mehrgarh
The 鈥渂usiness hours鈥?as mentioned in these Rules refers to the time when the businesses undertaken by important information systems of a banking financial institution are provided for clients; 3.
Hardware/infrastructure
The pop festival was relayed all round the world.
I. Introduction
178. Programmes to control the spread of HIV and treatment of People Living with HIV and AIDS are directed by the National AIDS Council and its secretariat, the National AIDS Directorate, an agency of Government.
The dress was bright red with a white lace collar and cuffs.
B. Scope
Chairman: Mr. Akamatsu (Vice-Chairman) (Japan)
13. Reaffirms that the efforts to promote effective judicial mechanisms to prosecute suspected pirates should be continued and intensified;
Concerning the amount of the commitment for which authority was being sought, no one acquainted with the size of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and with the situation in the territory would question the amount requested by the Secretary-General.
Gray patches of sea squirts glistened on the ceiling and colonies of raft coral were a pale apricot color.
(a) United Nations human rights bodies should encourage States to adopt national laws regarding small arms that bring them into compliance with international human rights and humanitarian law norms.
While their status in economic and social spheres, and in the political arena, had improved considerably, compared to that of their parents, it remained true that women and girls shouldered heavy responsibilities in their families and communities which hindered them from achieving their full potential.
:: Conspiracy to murder (Section 219)
As Al-Qaida changes, so too should the List.
The General Assembly proceeded to take action on draft resolutions I to III recommended by the Sixth Committee in paragraph 12 of its report (A/63/438).
Upon enquiry, the Committee was informed that some publications were also issued in other languages, depending on the group of target users.
We need to be more active ourselves in such partnerships.
Based on existing blackout models and voltage steady stability theory, a new blackout model is presented.
Hanken logo.svg
If we go beyond the trite attempt to liken politics to art, where the implication is that diplomatic subtleties are used in political relations, we can arrive at a relationship between the politician and the artist which is much more subtle and profound.
Provisional agenda and annotations
Antiochus
Theory and some observational data pointed to the likelihood that they were ubiquitous.
The draft decision is entitled "Proposed donation of assets to the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina".
21)share a common outlook --Jeff and Alan share a common outlook on life.
[See chap. III.]
Article 11 Those who have received pre-marital medical examination hold dissenting views on the results of the medical examination may apply for a medical technical appraisement and obtain a certificate of medical appraisement.
2. In accordance with the mandate of the Ethics Office to promote the highest standards of integrity and to foster a culture of ethics, transparency and accountability within the Organization, the present report provides an overview and assessment of the work and achievements of the Ethics Office in relation to its areas of responsibility over the reporting period. The present report addresses the longer term strategic focus of the Office in respect to current activities and implementation of ethics policy.
The  tide  came in very quickly that we couldn't pick our clothes.
The PLA regards the exchange of cadres as an important channel for training and tempering them and raising their quality.
In the past, the Army has focused its attention on the circumstances surrounding suicides.
The Human Rights Council should launch an appeal to the States hosting Haitian immigrants to join UNHCR in its efforts to ensure that these people have decent living conditions and the welfare stipulated in Chapter IV of the Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons of 1954, and are granted nationality under the conditions laid down in the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness of 1961;
The sustainable use and management of indigenous peoples' ecosystems and the natural resources found therein, as well as their low-carbon or carbon-neutral lifestyles and livelihoods have contributed to the mitigation of climate change effects.
Paragraph 23.7
I couldn't stop or turn.
(d) Responsible for serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law committed in Côte d'Ivoire;
i go to work at the same time
When water freezes, its density decreases.
49. In relation to the post-15 December outbreak of conflict, I urge the parties to live up to the commitments they made in the cessation of hostilities agreement of 23 January to refrain from attacking civilians, including by committing acts of rape or sexual abuse, and to ensure accountability for sexual violence crimes.
Why did you just try singing the two songs above?
Our usual terms of payment are by confirmed, irrevocable letter of credit in our favour, reaching us one month ahead of shipment.
China received more than $9.9 billion in IDA credits between 1981 and 1999, when it ceased being a client.
In July this year, ASEAN and the United States signed an anti-terrorism declaration as a framework for more cooperation to prevent and combat global terrorism.
IRFPA nonuniformity and method of correction are emphasized in chapter tow;
(Bahrain)
Information is a valuable asset to your business. The use of proper preventive measures and safeguards reduces the risk of successful security attacks, which might otherwise cost you a large fortune. Some losses might even be irrecoverable, e.g. the loss of a business deal due to a leakage of confidential information to a competitor.
With respect to any foreign-capital enterprise which violates the provisions in the preceding paragraph, the competent departments for financial and tax affairs may impose a fine, and the administrative department for industry and commerce may order to suspend its business operations or revoke its business license.
For such an instrument to be effective, it would have to be a legally binding protocol that included measures on information sharing, advance warning to civilians, clearance obligations and victim assistance.
A number of delegations welcomed the return of the United States of America as a donor to UNFPA.
S/2011/503
The Government is currently considering options for the future of the office.
His Majesty King Abdullah II bin Al Hussein, Head of State of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, addressed the General Assembly.
During the completion phase, the Special Court would wind down its core activities by rendering final judgements against all accused in custody and transferring those who are convicted to appropriate prisons in or outside Sierra Leone to serve their sentences.
Recently, the UFO seems to visit earth more frequently. The latest report said that in the sky of the Britain, there is an odd light circle.
For local governments, a recession will have the following impacts:
FIHAVANANA
Before the vote, a statement was made by the representative of the United States.
40. Checkpoints and the poor quality of secondary roads Palestinians are obliged to use, in order to leave the main roads free for settler use, result in journeys that previously took 10 to 20 minutes taking 2 to 3 hours.
9. Mr. Cohen (United States of America) said that the key policy was expressed in recommendation 19 concerning the amendment of information in the public registry record.
Viet Nam: total freight volumes by mode and value of trade
XV.Tour and Sightseeing 15% off with this flyer A place to relax and unwind Access all day.
Start up at Initial Installations and After Servicing : The downstream shutoff should be closed.
Objective To analyze differential diagnostic method for infectious and non - infectious febrile diseases.
As the advantage of this neural network is introduced, some hot potatoes are also discussed.
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (PolyU) presented Long Service Awards to a total of 168 staff members yesterday (8 January 2004), in appreciation of their loyal and committed service over the years.
On 14 May 1990, however, the second lawyer wrote the author that he would examine his papers, which he had received from the registry of the Court of Appeal.
It is also aware that peace between Israel and its Arab neighbours has yet to be achieved despite limited progress on the Palestinian-Israeli track.
The reduction of agency cost to minimum is to maximize the residual income of the firm.
Consumables include combat supplies, general and technical stores, defence stores, ammunition/explosives and other basic commodities in support of major equipment as well as in support of minor equipment and personnel.
United Nations agencies and programmes need to become more involved, but with a common design and strategy.
5.17 As to the penalty applicable at the time when the crime was committed, the author submits, on 13 February 2011, that further to the signature by Ukraine of Protocol No. 6 to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms on 5 May 1997, it was obliged to refrain from the imposition and/or execution of the death sentences, i.e. acts which would defeat the object and purpose of the treaty.
In accordance with the mandate of the Commission on Sustainable Development at its eleventh session, progress in the thematic cluster of agriculture is also seen with respect to the cross-cutting issues identified by the Commission.
C. Text of draft principles on the allocation of loss in the case of transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities adopted by the Commission on first reading 175 176 153
The court said the opening words of article 21, paragraph 1, concerning the court's power to grant relief "where necessary to protect the assets of the debtor or the interests of creditors" did not curtail the court's ability to grant relief under section 236, as the proper case in which to grant relief under that section was one where the officeholder "reasonably required" to see the documents requested in order to carry out her functions.
 The afflicted countries are fully aware of their responsibilities to fight this imminent threat, but their efforts will not bear fruit without the support of the international community.
As pointed out earlier, these allegations were, again, not explained or substantiated.
(d) Coordination of ongoing methodological work;
Question of Western Sahara: requests for hearing
Implementing programmes for development of human resources for health and enhancing the process of institutional capacity building through in-service and on-the-job-training of the various categories of health personnel to enhance their skills and capabilities and streamline service standards consistent with approved health policies, strategies, technical guidelines and defined procedures.
Neonatal capillary hemangioma can cure me, is no longer difficult problem, choose the professional hospital can easily cured.
Like if I BlackBerry Messenger him, and I can see that he read it, that drives me crazy.
In addition, the U.S. Department of Energy offers technical assistance on safeguards implementation, and we are proud to be working with several states that are implementing or preparing to implement their respective Additional Protocols.
Statements in exercise of the right of reply for a second time were made by the representative of Japan and the observer for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Economic and financial
Instead, it has made the choice to focus on demand side structuring through its "mainstreaming" approach.
LIST OF THEMATIC AND COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROCEDURES OF THE
Peacebuilding Commission
"It is a sign between Me and the sons of Israel forever; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, but on the seventh day He ceased from labor, and was refreshed.
:: Definition of the Organization's core values and core and managerial competencies.
My mother does not change, but I do.
The Myanmar Government continues to cooperate with the UN Country Team in drafting the joint plan of action on the prevention of recruitment of under-age children.
The functions of the Equality Unit have expanded as it has been assigned with the:
(g) Assume the role and responsibilities of the Commission on Human Rights relating to the work of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as decided by the General Assembly in its resolution 48/141 of 20 December 1993;
Most of the weddings we've attended recently have been between couples who've lived together for years.
Too low oil price is to create artesian well market low confuse advocate because of.
General Assembly, Third Committee [Charter]
(c) the ship arrested or the security previously provided was released either:
C. Action requested of the General Assembly
111. Eliminating the culture of violence in Liberia is an essential prerequisite for ensuring that peace takes root.
The period of validity of a registered trademark shall be ten years, counted from the date of approval of the registration.
However, the Panel finds that as a result of this overstatement and the use of assumed (rather than actual) ages, MoD has also overstated the deduction required for depreciation.
Austria
Another delegation referred to the need to set up risk management systems, so as to prevent the spread of financial crisis and economic instability.
Increasing the number of permanent members -- in other words, swelling the ranks of those who have privileges under the Charter and including in the United Nations aristocracy another handful of countries -- would seem to us to be counterproductive.
17. The three issues most likely to arise in this context are, first, the claim that the human rights provision represents ius cogens; second, that being non-derogable in character, a norm has a higher status than customary international law and, third, that the norm represents customary law.
He welcomed UNIDO efforts to increase trade-related production capacity, and urged the Organization to continue its efforts to develop agribusiness and agro-industry and assist with technology transfer.
He notes the State party's explanations that an extra judicial agreement has been reached with two of the four defendants in the civil suit initiated by him with the Supreme Court of Canada.
The Russian Federation recommended that the Czech Republic take all measures to prevent any kind of reappearance of Nazism and not to let any such activities go unpunished, referring, inter alia, to demonstrations.
Item 10 of the provisional agenda
In Saranda district, there are 17 primary eightyear schools and 4 subsidiary schools.
Frene Noshir Ginwala (South Africa)
The Georgian government views the Abkhazian and Ossetian conflicts as the country’s principal security threat and impediment to development.
It focuses on the motivations and strategies in the internationalization of Chinese and Indian firms, and on the implication of current trends in the internationalization of investments from China, India and other emerging economies from the South for foreign direct investment (FDI) policies in the North and South.
United Nations
Pre-qualification
In his delegation’s view, that was where UNIDO’s core activities should be situated.
As at April 2008, 1,223 women held positions on Queensland Government boards, representing 34.3 per cent of all board positions.
The Committee notes that improvements in the reports result in part from the implementation of recommendations made by the Committee, in particular in its reports of 7 May 1998 (A/52/860) and 1 April 1999 (A/53/895) on financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Although ending the race to drink up before closing not moderated drinking habits, neither have apocalyptic predictions come to
Maternal care and childcare are available, together with family planning services, in both government centres and the private sector.
It is finding its own way, I believe, and will soon reach its natural cruising speed.
FIFTY-THIRD SESSION OF THE
They not only have to worry about their academics, but most students are well rounded and are a part of other activities and organizations as well!
Other activities include:
Additional amount required (US$)
Results-based budgeting
21. Urges Sates and international organizations to share evidence and information for anti-piracy law enforcement purposes with a view to ensuring effective prosecution of suspected, and imprisonment of convicted, pirates;
If that trend continues, it will signal an eventual rebound.
If his wit be not apt to distinguish or find differences, let him study the Schoolmen; for they are cymini sectors. If he be not apt to beat over matters, and to call up one thing to prove and illustrate another, let him study the lawyers' cases.
197. The Group has collected evidence that the three aforementioned Malian bigger buyers are in turn financed by another Malian buyer, who thus collects the bulk of rough diamond production from Séguéla.
Wikipedia categories named after Japanese writers
The large majority of the violations presented below allegedly occurred during the same period.
122.151. Continue efforts aimed at improving the administration of the justice system and the situation of persons deprived of their liberty (Ecuador);
Concerning Pathmanathan Balasingam and Vijiyanthan Seevaratnam
One of his friends acted as go-between.
On the average, at the time of the Population and Housing Census in 2001, women were expected to give birth to about four children.
Two Japanese ministers and the deputy chief cabinet secretary did visit the shrine over the weekend though.
The Ford Foundation provided major support for a project to improve gender sensitivity in police stations in India and contributed to another programme to build a global network on gender and institutional change.
With adoption of this proposed amendment, emissions of HFCs would remain in Kyoto Protocol "basket" of gases and neither Parties' commitments under the Kyoto Protocol nor their opportunities to meet those commitments would be altered.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/64/529)
The Hudson River is named after the English explorer Henry Hudson.
Let me alone, and I'll plan it out: while I'm thinking of that I don't feel pain.
Once a 30 percent increase in women's enrollment in specific courses is attained each year, JAB closes the action so that no more students are allowed to enroll in courses at lower points.
3-6 p.m.
Soldiers are known to have kidnapped refugee children and demanded sex from their mothers as a ransom for their return.
For the remainder of the year, owners get a return on their investment by allowing the hotel to let the room out to other guests.
On the one hand, the recovery or recycling of metal-bearing wastes by the informal sector is considered to be a significant source of pollution. Sham recycling has been identified by Parties and others as a serious problem, affecting, in particular, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
Poverty was a scourge which threatened political stability, social cohesion and the environment; its eradication was one of the most urgent and difficult challenges facing the modern world.
 3. Also invites Member States to provide the Secretary-General, by 15 April 1997, with their views on:
14. Should a contingent receive self-sustainment services from another contingent, the self-sustainment rates will be paid to the contingent providing the services.
266. Deputies shall exercise their mandates freely (article 155 CPR) and may table proposals for constitutional amendments and bills, put questions to the Government concerning any of the latter's acts or any act of the Public Administration, request and obtain, from the Government or from the organs of any public body, such data, information and publications as they may consider useful for the fulfilment of their mandates, and request the establishment of parliamentary committees of inquiry (article 156 CPR).
To choose such formidable new foes in the middle of your life takes bags of self-belief, but it is also pragmaticand a little poignant.
She's fallen behind with the payments.
While many services are still being delivered by the public sector, the private sector and non-governmental organizations have increasingly assumed the role of service providers in recent decades.
These measures greatly encouraged farmers to grow more, gave a strong impetus to the development of a new socialist countryside and brought historic changes to rural China to the great satisfaction of hundreds of millions of rural people.
The process of absorbing these assets commenced in September 2012 and is merged with the annual physical verification programme of non-expendable property items.
His symphony no 4 and symphony no. 8 are replete with Haydnesque humor and wit.
Very well, then. You can go, too.
How long have you had it?
For many citizens, the legal costs associated with legal redress were prohibitive.
Hirschberg an der Bergstraße
2,214,800 manat (US$ 495) Education
(2) This Convention is subject to ratification, acceptance or approval by the signatory States.
run counter to be doomed to (Taiwan independence) national sovereignty and territorial integrity the development of cross-Strait relations peace and stability in the Taiwan Straits build up a framework for the peaceful development of cross-Strait relations the formal end of the state of hostility across the Strait
Wuhu a condensation of the Chinese nation for thousands of years of wisdom and creativity.
But how do we expect that Committee to finish its job if it is still receiving long lists of allegations (230 names) by the Special Rapporteur as late as his recent visit to Sudan in September 1993 (see para. 36).
Make sure you have most protection on windward side.
Gorzów Śląski
This had been made possible by financial assistance from the World Bank, the Government of the Netherlands, the Brazilian National Bank for Economic and Social Development, and several professional accounting institutions.
Beelzebufo - or "frog from hell" -terrorisedprehistoric Earth during the dying days of the dinosaurs more than 70 million years ago.
Heres your passport, and heres your money
Troop drawdown plans as indicated in the fifteenth progress report of the Secretary-General have been fully incorporated.
What would you like
After an exchange in which the prime minister seems to be offering D'Addario a present, the conversation continues as follows
Camps were handed-over to the Government of Chad
Page
Australian Centre for Agriculture and Law, University of New England
In this light, drugs serve unmet functional needs that arise in the spheres of economic and social development.
Additionally, the Committee recalls that judicial remedies must always be available to victims, as should all evidence concerning acts of torture or ill-treatment upon the request of victims, their legal counsel, or a judge (general comment No. 3, para. 30).
Arrival: Niamtougou From: Gbadolite/Zaire
S/RES/1945 (2010), op. 5
If a maintenance plan and log shipping both attempt to create transaction log backups of the same database log shipping will not function correctly.
The Government of Burkina Faso had moreover instructed the relevant intellectual property departments to include the subject in the syllabuses of the top graduate schools from the next academic year.
In that regard, the report of the Millennium Project contains valuable proposals whose implementation would undoubtedly ensure the achievement of the MDGs long before 2015.
Senior Investigator
Funeral home
The case will continue to be made that the operational priorities of the Office are coterminous with many of the institutional objectives of development organizations.
(a) Election of the President and Vice-Presidents;
34. The Committee urges the State party to utilize fully, in its implementation of its obligations under the Convention, the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, which reinforce the provisions of the Convention, and requests the State party to include information thereon in its next periodic report.
(a) Adopt an inter-disciplinary and multi-disciplinary approach and participate in wider efforts to form communities of practice and networks of experts;
63. Organizational restructuring focused on streamlining and strengthening programme planning, budgeting, financial control, monitoring and evaluation; the building of a team-based human resources and systems management function; and improved management of physical facilities, procurement and general services.
This number included large groups of persons living in protracted situations, such as IDPs in Colombia, Bhutanese refugees in Nepal, and Saharan refugees still languishing in camps.
I can eat 500 grams of dam  shrimps  at one time , pretty good, yeah?
Can I drop the car off at any of your branches?
" Employers have a problem, not a job
This indicates that fewer women than men in South Africa were literate.
Adjoining the palace is a sizeable swimming pool and a presidential gym, though the exercise bikes are still in their containers.
Claims and Information Management Section
Item 131 (b) of the provisional agenda*
It is our duty as leaders to chart a course for a secure energy future.
In order to get a driving license, one need to learn driving, know traffic rules and pass examinations 6.Never mix business with pleasure
The terms of this partnership could be drawn up by mutual agreement of the parties, specifying both the obligations and the rights of each side.
The petitioner refers to research conducted in January 2008, in which it concluded that 63 per cent of consultants employed at vocational colleges admitted that they try to meet companies' demands for trainees with an ethnic Danish background and that 8 out of 10 consultants experienced companies only wanting trainees with a Danish background.
The conference addressed, among other issues, the question of improving the utilization of the lines of credit extended by India to many countries in Africa.
MI 26 heavy lift helicopters were included in the review, as they are expensive and their usage is limited to specific tasks.
The Working Group will collaborate closely with OHCHR and other United Nations partners to ensure mainstreaming of the Guiding Principles within the United Nations system.
117. The law should also provide that, in the case of extrajudicial enforcement, whether or not there is any dispute as to the entitlement of any competing claimant or as to the priority of payment, the enforcing secured creditor may, in accordance with generally applicable procedural rules, pay the surplus to a competent judicial or other authority or to a public deposit fund for distribution.
A Services Model for Work Order might look like Figure 9.
9. The present report has been prepared pursuant to the mandate contained in the report of the first meeting of experts on international cooperation under the UNCAC.
Prior to the twentieth century, women in novels were stereotypes of lacking any features that made them unique individuals and were also subject to numerous restrictions imposed by the male-dominated culture
One example was the ongoing measles immunization campaign, which was also an opportunity to build capacities for routine immunization.
Tom groaned louder, and fancied that he began to feel pain in the toe
At the same time, expansion of the Security Council must not come at the cost of diminishing its effectiveness of its action and its credibility as the principle body responsible for the maintenance of international peace and security.
A/C.2/64/L.26 Item 50 - - Information and communication technologies for development - - Sudan: draft resolution [A C E F R S]
51. Other meetings of interest.
1. States Parties shall take effective and appropriate measures, including through peer support, to enable persons with disabilities to attain and maintain their maximum independence, full physical, mental, social and vocational ability, and full inclusion and participation in all aspects of life.
I'll do what I can.
A party may seek to limit an operation's freedom of movement, adopt a policy of persistent non-compliance with the provisions of an agreement or withdraw its consent altogether.
Concrete process-oriented targets for the Plan of Action should be considered and with a view to being adopted, if possible, at the second session of the United Nations Forum on Forests.
(a) whether it has requested KCRC to submit a report on the repeated postponements of the target opening date of the West Rail; if so, of the details of the report; if not, the reasons for that;
Since these claims would probably be lost should the euro collapse, the political pressure to give way finally to Eurobonds is becoming overwhelming.
Guided by the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,
(c) Agreed rules and guidelines for determining eligibility for funding of investment projects (including those in the production sector) and non-investment projects;
A . A song . For the dedication of the. Of David.
A comprehensive document review of prior evaluation reports; internal memoranda and email communications; relevant Executive Board decisions; UNFPA policies and guidelines; and other relevant assessments.
